t- NvBOURBON Nv fPUBLISHED EVFR.Y TUESDAY AND FRIDAY TN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 22, 1913.IHE FUR AJIG SUCCESSood Attendance Tuesday andWednesday."WE KNOW HOW"vrCAKEWALK REPEATEDEWSInk,! I1A"jl,hitrpi$fgXjjgftUWmIced TeaCoasteisiWith Cut StarBottoms$3.00 per DozenIced- Tea Spoonsg$1.00 Set of Six.IWHl-vol"" r 1 -iii"LHV tt6'J P t 11 "!Ihe LannimE3samoeasonis Now OnBefore buying your Cans, Jars,Sealing Wax, etc., see us. Wecary a full line and will save yousome money.Stone's Wrapped CakesReceived Fresh EveryLlaj. eIT. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.jsEARLY FALL DISPLAYOFNeckwear,Shirtsand CollarsHATS, BOYS' NORFOLK SUITS.iutaSilk Hats 50cand$1.00$2.00 Straw Hats LOO2.50 Straw Hats 1.253.00 Straw Hats 1 .50- 4.00 Straw: Hats 2.00PRICE &60,6iotiiiersand Furnishers3KSsmmLarge Attendance Yesterday, InSpite of RainPerhaps the largest crowd that hasever been. in. attendance at the Bourbon Fair on the opening day since itsreorganization seven years ago, waspresent yesterday to witness the exhibit, which in several respects compared with that of former years, whilein many it was far superior.The day which dawned bright andclear with a comfortable atmospherechanged to some degree before the exhibition began and while the weatherw.s very warm it was in a way uncomfortable to the large gathering. Shortly afternoon a light rain fell, whichfor a time threatened to preclude theexhibition for the afternoon, but soona bright sun dried the ring and theexhibitors were able to proceed, theentire program for the day being carried out.Without doubt, the most unique feature of the day was the cake walk, thefirst to occupy a place on a programof a country fair in this section of theState, but which met with 'a heartyovation from the spectators, whowere moret han pleased with the performance of the colored people whoparticipated in the event.In the cake walk there participatedMose Watkins and companion, of Atlanta, Ga., Bull Davis and companion,of Knoxville, Tenn., Gene Williamsand companion, Paris, H. O. Reed andcompanion, St. Louis, Mo., and Geo.Williams and companion, Paris. Watkins came out victor in the eventwith Davis second and Gene Williamsthird. Messrs. Charlton Clay, Sherman Goodpaster and Withers Davisacted as judges.So much interest has been manifested in the outcome of the cake walkthat it has been decided by the management of the fair to make a specialring of a cake walk Friday afternoon,and the weather permitting, it shouldprove quite an attraction.Shetland ponies had their inning onthe opening day and the best productof the Blue Grass region was on exhibition. Competition in all of the ringswas very strong and it was difficult forthe judges to reach a decision.In the New York saddle class therewere five entries and this being oneof the most difficult rings o the afternoon for the judges to reach a deciion, more than one-half hour was consumed. Finally by the decision of thejudge Matlack & Shropshire, of Winchester, was awarded the first prize onGoldie McDonald, and Caywood &Hamilton, of North Middletown, second. The ring for the best colt, eitlter sexunder one year old brought out tenentries, and .the awards were made toJohn W. Collins & Son, North Middletown, first; R. H. Boardman, FlatRock, second; and J. W., Rice, NorthMiddletown, third.NOTES OF THE FAIR.Among the visitors at the fair yesterday were Mr. Hoffman Wood, ofMt. Sterling, Secretary of the Montgomery Fair Association. Mr. Woodwas here in the interest of the fairwhich is to be held in Mt. Sterling in1914, and which gives every promiseof being the best fair in the State.Mr. Wood has provided for seventeenrich stakes for his fair next vear. theprincipal one of which will be the classior sucKimg nines, colts or geldings,foaled in 1913. This is the richeststake of the fair, having a premiumof $1,400, which is divided into severalparts.There are 122 exhibits in the greentobacco show, which is said by manyto be the largest ever shown in Kentucky. The awards will be made today. About the happiest man to beeenon the fair grounds yesterday wasSecretary John Wiggins. This isJohn's first venture as Secretary ofthes ociety and when it was reportedthe crowd was the largest that hadever assembled on the grounds on theopening day he was all smiles. Thesuccess of the cake walk pleased hima great deal, too, as well as GeorgeStuart, who was one of the principles in promoting this feature.ryOur Entire Line ofS t!r aw Hatsare now on sale atHALF PRICEf?Mitchell & Blakemore.iOutfitters to Men'IP sLKiiniiiuiiuHniniJiTiniiiiiuiuiiitHiiHiiiiiiiiiiiui::uiiiiunii;3uiiiiiiimi!!iijiiiiiii!iiiiiiiii!iiiiiimi8FRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.N,EXTRA SPECIALREDUCTIONSON ALLPREMIUMS AWARDED.Pony, 2 years and under 3 yearsE. A. Orr, Paris, first; David Johnson,Muir, second.. Roadster Pony-J. H. Kerr, first,H. S. Caywood, second. ?Best Pony Owned By Railroad ManE. A. Orr, Paris, first; 0. Mullins,Paris, sesond.Pony, 1 year and under 2 yearsJ. H. Kerr, first; Frank Collins, second. " Pony, under 1 year David Johnson,first; T. S. Orr, Paris, second.Fancy Turnout Miss Lucile Caywood and Thomas Hamilton, of NorthMiddletown, first; E. G. Orr, Cyn-thiana, second. NModel Pony J. H. Kerr, first; FrankCollins, second.Saddle Pony, 4 years and underHarve Judy, Millersburer, firstr Frank9 I5 82ii EREADYTOWEARGARMENTSFor Summer WearC x4',' " "L FRANK & C j J22 SI44 inLTMili)illl KHifil'lliHHiiiumii i nnHiimuimm i inii lm tiwh i bELLtixt4 1 u 1 1 1 u 1 1 1 1 1 u mvmfvkmParis, Kentuckyi0$$$$$f8whhiwwwf HrCollins, second.HARNESS HORSES.Best stallion and three-or more ofhis get J. T. Collins & Son, of NorthMiddletown, first.Harneos mare or gelding, any age(Continued on Page 4.),9999MmX9MMWKMmMmKf1 -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. AUGUST 22 1913bfc-P'P& A fcf .. A iv At i k aF G & isHCHECK RAISER'S WAY'Expert Has Little Difficulty inStealing Fortune.! HE BOURBON NEWSI'PARIS, KENTUCKY"BLOOD IS THICKER THAN WATER"OTf BfflnCTHi ai & S k MB.j.2akJ3Imm.mi1Ii BourboniDWLS & FUNK, Props.wwTelephone No. 4.is-as?to(ft(ISftSIS' wffBourbon Laundry,Pass KentuckyBBBBainasanB9BiaBiB9SBBeBassBaaBa9BeaB999BiBiBiaBaaiaBiBaas9BEBaBaBBaE9KaBinaiaananSkiis a Home-Made Product.Norway skiis are not made in factories, but in the homes of carpenters,"who give all their time to tae business, in summer laying up supplies forthe coming winter.Kentucky Fair Dates.' The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky fairs in 1913as far as reported:PARIS, AUG. 195 days.Hardinsburg, Aug. 19 3 days.Lawrenceburg, Aug. 194 days.Shepherdsville, Aug. 19 4 days.-Erlanger, Aug. 20 4 days.Stanford, Aug. 20 3 days.Ewing, Aug. 21 3 days.Eminence, Aug. 21 3 days.Elizabethtown, Aug. 26 3 days.Shelbyville, Aug. 26 4 days.London, Aug. 26 4 days.Nicholasville, Aug. 26 3 days.Florence, Aug. 27 4 days.Germantown, Aug. 27 i days.Alexandria, Sept. 2 5 days.Fulton, Sept. 2 5 days.Frankfort, Sept. 2 4 days.Somerset, Sept. 2 4 days.Bardstown, Sept. 3 i days.-Barboursville, Sept. 3 3 days.Tompkinsvflie. Sept. 3 1 days.Franklin. Sp i 3 days.Hodgenviii . i . 93 days.'Monticello, s-;-. 9 4 days.Morgantown Sept. 11 3 days.Is Easy to Have, NaturalColored and BeautifulASo many women have grey or faded'hair; neglect it until it becomes thin,-dry and lifeless, begins to fall out andmakes them appear much older thanthey really are. If your hair is inthis condition get a bottle of Hay'sHair Health today. Don't wait untilsome one says how much older youlook. You'll be delighted at theresults from even one or two applications. The grey hairs gradually dis- J.appear and your hair will become full jof life and vitality. No one can tell jthat you are using it. It's not -a dye lbut a nice, clean preparation that. -quickly and effectively keeps your grey ITiair dark, glossy and natural colored Iand that all druggists guarantee sat- !isfactory or refund your money. Al- Iways ask for Hay's Hair Health. It 'never fails. . . IFree: Sign this adv. and take it to the Ilollowlng druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap, for 50c; or $1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two.25c cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for $tL. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.M. A. CAHAL.-Barber Shop.r.- frirst-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attention, to All.Hot and Cold BathsWe Jhink You For a Share of21 . I Your Patronage.FASCINATING HI,. FOR WOMENrftLaundry4)ftkftWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in oingupthe finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrt31famous fo fine work anddever goes buck on its reputat ion. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeMrifSnake Put Town in Darkness.A 20-Inch green snake put out allthe electric lights in the town of Mullins, S. C. In the morning linemenfound it tangled in some wires on apole. It had crawled to the top ofthe pole and coming in contact withthe wires forced a short circuit, putout the lights and incidently died.Wife's Work.Many a self-made man is too mean,to admit that his wife was the architect. Boston Transcript.ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.As administrator of J. H. Linville,deceased, I will offer for sale at publicauction, on the home farm, at Millersburg, Ky., onSept. 3, 1913, at 10 A. M.the following property:2 full bed room suites;1 chamber set and lot of other furniture, such as carpets, rugs, tables,chairs, mattresses and bed steads andmatting, kitchen and dining room furniture; Lot of enameled ware;Lot of milk crocks and pans;2 clocks;1 sewing machine;Lot of bedding, blankets, pillows,etc.;Half dozen brooms; ,1 lot stone jars;1 lot glass jars;1 wash machine;Lot old iron;1 step ladder;1 iron kettle;l'lawn mower;1 lot tools;2 breaking plows;1 double-shovel plow;1 tobacco plow;1 no-top buggy;1 rubber tire buggy;1 two-horse wagons;1 sled and 1 log chain;1 roller;1 Frazier cart;3 hog troughs;4 hog houses;1 gasoline engine and corn mill;1 clipping machine;6,000 tobacco sticks;1 transplanter; j1 seed sower;1 one-horse drill;1 grind stone;1 saddle and bridle; '1 set cart harness;1 post-hole digger;1 A tooth harrow;1 disc harrow;3 sows and 15 pigs;3 red sows in pig;1 three-year old mare;1 yearling colt;1 aged mare;1 two- year old gelding;1 Jersey cow and calf;1 six-year old Jersey cow;1 spotted Jersey cow;1 cow and weanling calf;1 lot old corn;1 red calf;5 yearling steers;4 heifers;19 ewes and one buck;1 reaper;1 corn crusher;1 Ross cutting box;1 acre cow peas;One-half interest in 6 acres tobacco;14 acres of corn;One-half interest in 20 acres corn;A lot of cldver and timothy hay;A lot of other farming implements.TERMS All amounts under $20'.00cash; over that amount negotiablenote, with interest at rate of 6 percent, payable in six months.W. V HUFFMAN,Administrator.tEO. D. SPEAKES, Auct. (5-td)ftPublisherEntered at Postoffic it Paris, Ky.,as mail mattoi f -rj.e 2cond clashEstablished 18b u. -30 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and PridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance' ADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents vper lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space i a newspaper's stock intrad comc of revenue.Highland Forethought.The ferry boat was well on her waywhen a violent storm arose and fearswere entertained for her safety. Theferryman and his mate (both ' Highlanders) held a consultation, and after a short debate the ferryman turned to his passengers and remarkedanxiously: "We'll jus' tak' your tuppences now, for we dinna ken whatmicht come ower us."Sold Manufactured "Mummy."An imitation mummy, constructedmainly from the bones of a calf, wasrecently sold in Cairo to a touristfrom the United States as the remainsof a palace dignitary of the thirdEgyptian dynasty. The fraud washowever detected and the native whomade the sale was placed under arrest. S100 REWARD, $100The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that scienc hasbeen able to cure in all its stages,and that is Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhCure is the only positive cure nowknown to the medical fraternity.Catarrh being a constitutional disease,requires a constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarh Cure is taken internally,acting directly upon the blood and themucous surfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of thedisease, and giving the patient morestrength by building up the constitution and assisting nature in doing itswork. The proprietors have so muchfaith in its curative powers that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo,Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (August)Strenuous Life in St. Bernard.The hard climate and the periloustask undertaken by the monks of thefamous St. Bernard hospice usuallyruin the health of these originallyrobust men in the brief spell of 15years, when they return to Martignyto conclude their days. Even thedogs are at intervalssent to Martignyfor a rest.Take Time to Think.Stopping to think is a habit worthcultivating and worth teaching. Thereis safety in it, and happiness. Stopping Ao think would save many a lifenow sacrificed by thoughtlessness. Itwould also save many a heartachenow needlessly inflicted for no otherreason than that "I didn't think."REMARKABLE CUREOF DYSENTERY."I was attacked with dysenteryabout July 15, and used the doctors'medicine and other remedies with norelief, only getting worse all the time.I was unable to do anything and myWeight dropped from 145 to 125pounds. I suffered for about twomonths when I was advised to useChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. I used two bottlesof it and it gave me permanent relief,"writes B. W. Hill, of Snow Hill, N. C.For sale by all dealers.(August)Laws of Physics.Caustic Calkins dropped his watch,on the sidewalk. "Did it stop?" inqueried Solicitous Jones. "As the flagging is four inches thick," repliedCalkins, "it did. But I think, if I geta heavier watch it may go throughnext time."Living In Lives of Others.Think as much as you like, but doyou every day take' a bath of humanity? You must live in the life of others. Jean-Christophe.COSTLY TREATMENT."I was troubled with constipationand indigestion and spent hundredsof dollars for medicine and treatment," writes C. H. Hines, of Whitlow,Ark. "I went to a St. Louis hospital,also to a hospital in New Orleans, but 4no cure was effected. On returninghome I "began using Chamberlain'sTablets, and worked right along. I.used them-for $ome time and am nowall right." Sold by all dealers.(August) , vSWIFT CHAMP,Operator Finds lt Easy to Alter FineWriting, but Difficult With Calegraphy of Ignorant "Manual" Used by Crooks.Chicago. A Chicago crook sat in aroom just off La Salle street fouryears ago studying a check. It wasmade out for $27, and was certified bythe state bank on which it was drawn.The crook's specialty was check raising. He was preparing to steal a fortune with the little piece of paper.The president of a cement construction company had written the check.He had taken what he thought properbusiness precautions. He wrote"twenty-seven," drew a horizontal linethrough two short vertical lines, andadded "and 00-100" before the word"dollars" on the check.The long horizontal line through thetwo short vertical lines, often termeda "hickey," is a frequent deviceagainst the unscrupulous. The man inthe back room just off La Salle streetmade three movements with his penand the "hickey" became "th." Thenhe wrote "ous," the word "and" completing "thousands." Three cipherswere added to the figures in-the lineabove. The certified check was thendeposited in a trust and savings bank,and a withdrawal of $27,000 was immediately made against it.A veteran thief catcher in Chicagorecently, in recounting this incident,added that there -exists among professional check raisers what amountsto a manual'."Write me a check," he urged a visitor. A check for $200 was written. Itwas passed over to the detective.Within two minutes, without-an erasure being made, it called for $500."By the 'manual' the figure 'two' isalways potential of 'five,' " he explained. "The aim is always to avoid theinterlining or the extending of words.Check raisers know all the characterswhich lend themselves to changes thatcannot be detected. The capital 'T,'as most of us write it, can, for instance, be changed to the capital F'without the slightest trouble."Here are a few of the changes thatcan be made almost as fast as written: " 'One' to 'eight.'"'Two' to 'five.'" 'Ten' to 'fifty.'"'Four to 'forty.'"Now, the figure '1 for instance,may be readily formed into any otherfigure save '2' and '3.'"The word 'hundred may be formedeasily from the ripping scroll thatmany write after a sum. Almost anymovement of lines that have any regularity may be formed into words."The hardest' check to raise or alteris the one written by a nearly illiterate person," the expert continues."The gracefully flowing hand is theeasiest changed."There is, in fact, no comparisonbetween raising checks with a genuine signature and forging the signature itself so far as the ease of execution is concerned."Of course, banks and businesshouse, many of them, at least, protect themselves nowadays with devices that brand a limitation of thecheck indelibly into the very textureof the paper. In this field, too, manydevices at first thought absolute safeguards were soon outwitted by thecrooks.Filling Perforated Checks."Take a machine that perforatedthe paper with the exact amount forwhich the check was drawn. Reallyall that was needed was a commonlittle punch and a bottle of invisibleglue. Every crook knows where toput his hands on that. Or else theyuse a bit of money mender and thenpeel it off."But what does the crook do? Hehas a check perforated $300. He takeshis little punch and punches from theedge of the check a few tiny disks ofthe same size. With a needle tip heplugs up the holes in the last dollarsign. After the glue is dry he punchesa cipher in its place and a dollar markafter it. Wheie the machine perforated" an entire letter, the crook boughta smaller machine and filled up theperforations before making new onesto suit himself."GULF STREAM TAKES SPURTWaters Are So Fast That Ship, SlowedDown, Arrives One DayToo Soon.Boston. Carried along at greatspeed by an unusually swift currentir. the gulf stream the United Fruitcompany's steamer Sosua, from PortLimon, Costa Rica, reached here aday ahead of time.Captain Bjoness says that the waters of the stream were strangely active and the steamer began moving sorapidly that the engines were sloweddown to half speed. Even after thatthe Sosua logged off the miles at anamazing rate.Old Romans Dop-o Fiends?Paris. Camille Pitollet, an archaeologist, has discovered proofs thatthe ancient Romans were pipe smokers, using lavender plants and leavesJoabitually and opium f occasionally.Roman pipes Tecently found "weremade of a' substance resembling meer-schaum. References to the smokinghabit were discovered in the literatureof the time. I ,Without SotJ red b'ood a nan has a weak heart and poor nerves. Thinness ofthe blojd, or ana .-nia, : common m young folks as well as old Espea Jl is itde case with thocc uho v.orK in illy ventilated lactones or those who are shutup indoors in winter time with a ccal clove burning up the oijgea or eimttuyjcarbonic (onde) gas. This blood, or blood which lacks the red blood corpuscles,in anaemic people may have been earned by luck, of good fresh air breathed intolungs, cr I ' ror direst on crdjpensa. Sometimes people sufer intenserain over t- art which is not heart d.scase at all, bat caused by indigestion.Vh3tever J i 'c. there's just one remedy that ou can turn to knowinethat it has t, . i sati-laction lor ovr 43 ars.ton.Gis a b'ooi cleansei and alterative that starts the liver and tomach into vigorousnction. It thus assists the body to manu'acturc rich red biood vhfch feeds theheart nerves Lram and organs of the bod. The organs work smoothly hkaxna.hint.ry running in oil. ou feel clean, strong and strenuous instead cf tired,i.eak and faint Nowadays jou can obtain Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery Tablets, as, well as fie liquid foTn from all medicine dealers, or tabletsby mail, prepaid n 51 or 5Jc s.ze. Adress R. V. Pierce, M. D Buffalo, N. Y.DR. PIERCE'S GREAT 1CC3 PAGE ILLUSTI?ATEDCOjniOxI SESSB MEDICALADVISER WILL BE SENT FREE, CLOTH BOUND TOR 31 ONE-CET STAMPS.i3BRSiiirffC3-S22S2sAThree Dont'sTOR COAL BUYERSDon't think that any coal is as good asFox Ridge and Pioneer becauseclosely imitated in name.Don't deceive yourself into thinking thatany Kentucky coals are of the highquality of Fox Ridge and Pioneer.Don't allow others to mislead you intobelieving that any Kentucky coalsare equal to Fox Ridge or Pioneer.Dod&dn & DentonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Both Phones 140KsPQSQ&aSSfcXgfesgsssCSaSiftASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works for him. He will reply:1.2,3.Sells My ProductsGets Best PricesBrings Supplies7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and'sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedH i m mm gk w I! I feA I 1 IBTO -Twin Bios. Department stoieCorner Seventh and Main Sts.Dry Goods, Ladies' and Misses' Skirts, Waists, Shoes andMillinery, Slightly Soiled, Big Bargains.cmiknuAUHm&maWhat could be better for townthat won't bum won't leak that is lightning proof lasts as longas the building itself, and never needs repairs ?Cortright Metal Shingles meet every one of these requirements.Beware of imitations None genuine without the words " CortrightReg. U. S. Pat. Off." stamped on each shingle.11ForBest & Hawkins,PIERCE'SL DISCOVERY4. Protects the Home5. Helps the Housewife6. Increases ProfitsDAYATor country buildings than a roofingSale by vMillersbursy Ky.1m$fii.vI-ATHE BOURBON NEWS, F PAR'S, KY.,-AUGUST 22 1913IPStory of a Precocious Flv-Year-Old.J Bill How en of Atchison tells theGlobe of a woman, and her little sonwho "ere on a Central Branch trainthe other day. "Fares, please," theconductor said, and the woman handed him one "ticket. "Bey will have topay, too, madam," said the conductor."Oh, hut he's only five years old,"she replied. "Looks mighty old to beonly five years old," snapped the conductor. "Yes, he does, but you see,he has been doing a lot of worrying,"she answered.Killed by Flying Splinter.A curious death befell a child at StDie, France, the other day. A manwas cutting up tree trunks for firing.He was splitting some of the largoones by boring a hole, putting in a little gunpowder, and exploding it. Aijirl of eight watched him from behind a first-floor window which closed.Suddenly a trunk exploded, and asplinter flew up, smashed through thewindow, and pierced the child's heart.She died immediately.Too Much Competition."Hang it!" mutters the enrapturedyouth. "What chance have I to gether alone? She has to go to the autoshow, the food show, the flower show,the dog show, the millinery show, theland show and Oh, well, there's noshow for me!" Judge.ONEDROPdown the throat of a gapey"chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinking: waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One SOc Bottle ofEourbonPouItryCnreMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle ofthis medicine on hand. Write for free sampleid Booklet on "Diseases of Fowls." AddressEOURBOH REMEDY COMPANY, Lexington, Ky.For Sale by W. T. Brooks'4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Arc GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO KISKSEf You Are InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000Fully PaidCANPER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.IMartin BrosFurniture Moving,City Transferand First-CalssLiveryOur Facilities forHeavy Hauling isGood.Our Livery is as good as theother fellows. Horses fedby the week or month.We would appreciate ashare of your business.Prompt attention given allorders.Both Phones 260.MARTIN BROS.,Eighth St.Paris, Kentucky(TskTM.iltlyyS'MAMMOTH HIPPODROME SHOWSTATE FAIR NIGHT ATTRACTIONMagnificent Horse Show Pavilion Will Bethe Scene of Brilliant Spectacles Daringthe Eleventh Annual Kentucky State FairMounted Band and Other WondersThe magnificent Horse Show Pavilion of the Kentucky State FairGrounds, which eclipses in size andgeneral modernity the famous Madison Square Garden Circle of New YorkCity, will be the scene of brilliant spectacles during the coming eleventh annual Kentucky State Fair to be heldin Louisville, September 15-20 next.J. L. Dent, Secretary of the StateFair, has arranged for the greatestHippodrome Show ever gotten together for a celebration of this kind andnot only will out-of-town visitors, butLouisville citizens as well be astonished and delighted at the pretentiousness and excellence of the entertainment provided in the mammoth andbrilliantly illuminated arena that affords such excellent back ground forany entertainment offered.The exhibition, which is in the nature of Hippodrom Vaudeville, will begin each night at 8 o'clock and includes the marvelous Mme. Marantetteand her imported Arabian High SchoolHorses, Chief Geronimo and Sunflower, and her unexcelled high-jumpingsteed, St. Patrick, who holds theworld's record of 7 feet 10 4 inches,and has posted a challenge of $1,000to all comers against this height.Mme. Marantette will also exhibit herwonderful trotting ostrich, Gaucho,who, hitched with a running horse toa road wagon, made and now holds theworld's speed record.Other features of the program include the Six Flying Herberts, conceded to be the best aerial act inthe coimtiy. The sensational mid-airflying and catching of these splendidathletes is a wonderful sight, as wellas a- picturesque one. Their costumesare changed at every performance andthey perform on a rigging thirty-fivefeet from the ground.The Abrue Family is made up offive male and one female artists. Thesix are reputed the fastest and mostskillful performers in the world andFIRST CAVALRYMOUNTED BANDU.S. Bandmaster Berliner andHis Crack MusiciansEngagedBandinof Thirty-Six Master MusiciansGorgeous Military. Spectacle-Most Surprising Feature Ever Secured for the Kentucky State Fair.Rudolph Berliner and his mountedt First Cavalry Band' has been securedI by Secretary J. L. Dent as attraction-; in-chief of the vaudeville program tof be offered nightly in the magnificenti live stock pavilion at the Kentuckyi State Fair, to be held in LouisvilleI next September 15-20.Although this part of the amusementJ roster for the eleventh annual Kentucky State Fair will boast the creamof hippodrome attractions, it is safe toI say that the Berliner band will provefar-and-away the most sensational, surprising and delightful feature ever offered to the public.This will be the first time in historythat a genuine mounted cavalry bandhas been offered as a professional attraction, and the maintainance of rigidregulation detail preserves an atmosphere of martial picturesqueness and, inspiration that establishes a new1 precedent in the outdoor entertain( ment world. There are thirty-five meni in the organization, appearing in thej parades (mounted and dismounted) in' concerts, military ceremonies and dej tails, battle tableaux and other feaI tures of an almost unending variety' and of impressive character.Director Berliner is a famous pro.. ., ; .! thing possible is done to make theirgram arranger, his experience in the, . a. ,.- ,j -..I, v,; i,t, trip in the nature of a gala event, asservice, combined with his splendid op-! . . ?, , ' ., ... . , ., . . I well as one of inestimable benefit tonnrhimtips as niusip.ai director or orchestras in several leading metropolitan theaters, enabling him to construct offerings that appeal to alltastes in music, and he is constantlyevolving new and sensational effects.Some of his mounted concert "featurescome as a complete surprise, and heand his men are constantly engagedin studying out novelties of all kinds.While the regulation cavalry bandis composed of 28 men, the BerlinerFirst Cavalry Band embraces 36 men,all splendidly mounted and trained tothe last detail, and all are skilled musicians, belonging to the AmericanFederation of Musicians and boastingsoloists and specialty artists whodraw salaries that many recognizedleaders might well envy.In addition to handsome and perfectly trained mounts, the band isequipped with striking cavalry servicej khaki uniforms, horse trappingsguidons and other military paraphernalia, and with their fine mounts andmilitary bearing they present an inspiring and picturesque appearance.they hold more medals and trophiesthan any other six-high acrobatic actin the show world. They do doubleand triple somersaults, Pyramid building, etc., and work with an ease andgrace j that is remarkable. They areCubans and stand unrivalled in theirline.The Ave Ferris Wheel Girls will offer a real novelty in which the quintette of beauties perform startling andsensational gymnastics on a revolvingFerris Wheel. The girls are pretty aspictures, wear gorgeous clothes and inaddition to their nimbleness and skill,they are instrumentalists of markedability and vary their turn with concerts on brass of a classical as wellas popular nature. At night theirwheel is gorgeously illuminated withcolored incandescents that give a veritable fairyland effect to their turn.King Edward's Lion Act will offersensation of the highest order in theperformance of a beautiful group ofwonderfully trained man-eaters. Thelions are an aggregation of monsterNubian animals, who go through themost amazing tricks and evolutions atthe instance of their intrepid trainerand the turn as a whole is said to beoriginal and different from the stereotyped animal act as could possibly be.The entire exhibition takes place in astrong steel arena, offering perfectprotection to the spectators.In addition to these high-class actsand the famous Berliner MountedFirst Cavalry Band, there will beshown each evening an interesting series of the best saddle "horse and harness rings ever exhibited in Kentucky.This will, of course, include the sensational $2,000 Commissioner ot Agriculture five-gaited saddle horse stake,lor which the pick of the saddle horseworld is entered.Owing to the excessive expense andthe excellence of the entertainmentoffered there will be a gate admissionof 25 cents charged for the night vaudeville and hippodrome performances.A BRILLIANT MIDWAYis Assured Visitors To the KentuckyState Fair, September 15-20,in Louicvlile.A clean, live, brisk and brilliantMidway is assured the Ientucky StateFair, to be held in Louisville, September 15-20, in the booking of the Mammoth Johnny J. Jones Exposition Aggregation, which consists of eighteenof the greatest side-show and open-airattractions in tie country, and' is ofa size, completeness and class requiring ' no less than twenty-five doublelength 70-foot steel flat cars to transport it.The Midway attractions, from startto finish, are of a character that willapeal irresistably to young and oldalike, and will offer a riot of fun to anyand all who visit within its precincts,but it is the undeviating rule of statefair officials that nothinj even bordering on the offensive be permitted inthese shows, and parents may rest assured of the fact that children of thetenderest age may freely visit any andall of the shows listed under theJohnny J. Jones's banner.FARM BOYS' ENCAMPMENTSharp Rivalry Will Be ExhibitedKentucky State Fair By Budding Agriculturists.atAlready throughout the entire farming districts of the one hundred andtwenty counties of the state the ."LittleFarmers," on whom the future progress and prosperity of the commonwealth depend, are looking forwardwith keen interest to the delegates tobe selected from each county for theFarm Boys' Encampment at the Kentucky State Fair, to be held in Louisville next September 15-20.The boys, during their encampmentat the fair, are regarded as guests arid"wards of the management, and every-them from an educational standpointEach day the boys are taken on toursthrough the various departments ofthe fair and lectures by authorities onthe various phases of agricultural andmechanical science are given free ofcharge.Quotations from appreciative missives from the farm boys of last year'sencampments state:"AboVe everything1 else the Fair taughtme to regard Kentucky as one of the foremost states of the Union.""What pleased me most was .the discovery that there is more to be studied inagriculture than I had ever suspected.""Education, as embodied in the StateFair trip, is the pathfinder to success."As the coming Kentucky State Fairis destined to be the greatest in thehistory of the state, the boys who succeed in capturing the representation oftheir county will be fortunate, indeed,and may well look forward with anticipation of pride to the wearing ofthe white cap and button bade thatwill mark them as one of the FarmBoys' Encampment of the eleventh annual Kentucky State Fair.HERO'S REWARD STAB IN BACKMan Stops Train to Recover Woman'sHat and Hatpin Injures HimLater On.St., Louis, Mo. Joseph Butler, atraveling salesman, fell a victim to hisown kindness on a train from Chapin,111., to Alton, 'near here. Here is howit happened:Butler sat behind a fashionablydressed woman. He was lost in a reverie of admiration of her millinery.Suddenly the hat was blown out ofthe window. The woman screamedand turned to Butler with tears in hereyes. Certainly he would stop thetrain for her. Who wouldn't for thepretty owner of such a pretty hat?So saying, he pulled the cord and thetrain came to a halt with a jerk thatthrew passengers from their seats.The train crew and passengers rushedto the scene to learn the cause of thesudden stop. Butler explained andthe train was backed half a mile to recover the hat. Butler found it and restored it to the woman. She was allsmiles and gratitude. Butler was repaid for the time being.The train started again, Butler sitting in front of the woman. The conductor as a precaution against repetition of the occurrence, advised herto pin the hat to a seat. In followinghis advice she either underestimatedher own strength or overestimatedthat of the plush-covered seat. Thelong hatpin went through the seatand into Butler's back an inch deep.Butler left the train at the next stop,in search of a physician's office. Allthe women on earth and all theirsmiles could not carry him into a reverie over a hat again.AUSTRIA LOVES SWEET PEASUnknown Some Few Years Ago, theFlower Is Now in ManyGardens.Vienna. Sweet peas, which werepractically unknown in Austria onlya few years ago, are now promi-Emperor Francis Joseph.nent in the imperial gardens atSchonbrunn.The aged Emperor Francis Josephis the first in Austria to "take up"the sweet peas. The director of theimperial gardens was sent to Londonand brought specimen plants backwith him. Now the tables at the castle at Schonbrunn are decorated withsweet peas in one color, or, at most,two. ' The emperor prefers pink andwhite to other combinations.ATTACKS THIEF CHOKING BABYMother Undaunted by PistolThreat to Kill If OutcryIs Made.andBoston. When s Mrs. Henry J.Rounds of Maiden unexpectedly cameupon a burglar in her dining room,he snatched up her baby from thefloor, took out a revolver and threatened to shoot the baby if she made asound.When the baby started to cry theman caught it by the throat. Frantic,Mrs. Rounds sprang at him, grappledand forced him to drop the child. Theman fled just before help arrived.Mrs. Rounds was in the back yardwhen she heard a muffled cry fromher baby. She ran to the house. Thebaby, with a blanket wrapped tightlyabout its head, lay just inside thedining room door. As she sprang toward it a man appeared."If you make a sound I'll shoot herand you, too," the burglar said to Mrs.Rounds. The burglar caught its littlethroat and pressed so the baby strangled and gasped for breath. I couldnot stand that and I sprang at him.He pulled the trigger, but his revolverdid not work, and he dropped the babyto fight me."A neighbor chased the burglar tillhe dodged into the woods and vanished." Block and Fall to Bury Woman.Perth Amboy, N. J. A block andfall were used to lower the coffin ofMjs. Veza Michanski, thirty-eight,from the third floor of her home here.The woman weighed about five hundred pounds. The coffin and the bodyweighed about eight hundred pounds.It was also necessary to use a blockand fall to lower the body Into thegrave.t To Exterminate Brown Moths.Plainfield, Conn. Residents of thisplace have organized to exterminatemillions of brdwn Uil moths whichhave descended upon the town. ,JBHw MISPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY, o.g-. Q475cRoundTripSCENIC BEAUTYTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at 18.53 am.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen &. Crescent Route, for further information.,n, mm H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.HHIHHHII1HIHinBIHnBBBBKBBBBMHHHBnHBMHHBMHMlGEO! W. DAVISFDNERAl DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EIBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAI' i37; NIGHT 399. 'Twin Bros.' Department Store701-703 Main Street, Corner SeventhSee Our Window For$12.50, $15.00 and $18.00 SuitsReduced toThese Suits are in the latest styles and colors and areexcellent values. Take aj look at them. We also have afull line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts and everything thgMen and!Boys wear.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'lL Wollstein, Propri or.iBJWffllfc!Special Rates & Excursions.Eucursionlto Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, flug. n$1.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 ip. m.Tickets good on specials trainonly.Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept.-30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, calllon or address. $W- H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, TM.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching: Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 81.00.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky."Roxie" DaDi$!ZU Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::'::::;:Biggest and Best PayingCompanies.Give Old "Nub" a, . v, 2 Helios 137Call.75cRoundTripOUTDOOR ENJOYMENTMUSIC1Cnrtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite Attention qHot and old Eoliis at AllHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patonage Solicited.- BARBER - S!Windsor Hotel.&&Modern Equipment,Polite"SerVice.Everything Sanitary. t VChildren's Work a Specialty-CARL CRAWFCMRDSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 12 l-2oi or green 'beef (hides. Call .'us'np'v-,r-9or bring it to our place.MAX MUNICK,8th. Street,Call East Tenn.PARIS, KPhone 374WOP"W4-t. v--t "- --ivaK r&TSff9"V"ir?"w., tHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY,rmVrItWliFiitIThe Bourbon NewsEstablished Fel. 1, 183LWIFT CHAMPf- Editor andPublisherTflEntered at the Paris Kentucky Post-office as Mail Matter of the SecondCl&ssjTHE FAIR A BIG SUCCESS(Continued from rage 1.)Matlack & ShTopshir, Winchester,firs; Jaywood & McCray, North Middeltow, second.NEW YORK SADDLE HORSES.Best saddle mare or geldig, walk,trot and canter, 15.2 and under Matlack & Shropshire, first; Caywood &Hamilton, North Middletown, second.ROADSTER STALLION.Roadster stallinon any age J. T.-jColins & Son, first; H. A. Powers,Paris, second.COLTS.Best colt, either sex, under 1 yearJ. T. Collins & Son, first; R. H. Boardman, Bonrbon, second; J. "W. Rice,Bourbon, third.LONG WOOL SHEEP.Buck, 2 years old. and over J. L.Hunvman, muir, first.Buck, 1 year old and under 2 E. M.Shrout, Geprgetown, first. v 9Buck, under 1 year J. B. Wood &Son, Hutchison, firstEke, 2 years and over E. E. Wood& Son, Muir, first.Ewe, 1 year and under 2 J. B. Wood& Son, first.Ewe, under 1 year J. L. Huffman,first.Pair of lambs, buck and ewe J. B.Wood &i Son, -first,CAKE MALK.For colored people only Mose Watkins and partner, Atlanta, Ga., first,Bull Davis and partner, Knoxville,Tenn., second; Gene Williams andparner, Paris, third.SHETLAND PONIES.Mare or gelding, any age, in harnessFrank Collins, North Middleiown, first; David Johnson, Muir, second. Best stallion any age in harnessJ. H. Kerr, Lexington, first; DavidJohnson, Muir, second.Pony, 3 years old andu nder 4H. S. Caywood, North Middletown,first; O. Mullins, Paris, second.DOWN SHEEP.Buck, 2 years and over E. M.Shrout, Georgetown, first.Buck, 1 year and under 2 years A.P. Adair & Son, Paris, firstBuck, under 1 year E. M. Shrout,first.Ewe, 2 years and over A. P. Adair& Son, first.SWEEPSTAKES.Best Long Wool Buck J. L. Huffman, first.Best Long Wool Ewe J. B. Wood &Son, Hutchison, first.Best Down Buck E. M. Shrout,first.Best Down Ewe A. P. AdairSons, first.HERD OF DOWN SHEEP.Best Buck and Four Ewes A.Adair & Son, first.&WEDNESDAY,The second day of the Bourbon Fairwas marked by one of the best exhibits seen on the grounds of the BourbonCounty Agricultural Society in manyyears. There was a very noticeablecanine on: in ine attendance, uue iu agreat measure to the Camden barbe-cue helonear Versailles.The stock exhibit yesterday wassaid by many who have been attend -ing the fair for years, to have been ofthe very highest order and competentiudsres were of the opinion that thecompetition could not have been greater in the majority of the rings shownduring the day.The weather was ideal for the exhibition, altohugh a threatening cloudwhich made its appearance late in theafternoon, caused a bit of uneasinessior fear of a heavy rain, but the re--sultwas only a slight cooling of theatmosphere, which added to the com"fbrt of those in attendance.Aside from the vstock exhibit thetaby show under the auspices of theBabies' Health League, was the center of attraction. Only the babies admitted to the honor roll by making aecore of 90 per cent, or better wereshown for the prizes offered in theJlass A of the exhibit. The first prize-was won by James E. Clay, son of Mr.rand Mrs. Samuel C ay, of Bourbon,who made a score of 95 points, whileMargaret McCray, daughter of Mr. andMrs. Tom McCray, of North Middletown, and Mary Elizabeth Hughes,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Hughesof Paris, tied for the second prize,.each attaining an average of 90.Others of the honor roll babies entitled-toparticipate were Robert Tal"bott Gaitskill, son of Mr. and Mrs.Virgil Gaitskill, of Austerlitz, average94&; Robert Baker, son of Mr. and3Irs. Granville Baker, Bourbon county average 90; William TalbottBaldwin, son of Mr. and Mrs. GroverBaldwin, average 90. Mrs. W. H.Whitley was in charge of the exhibition. Those interest d in the eventwere greatly disappointed that the baly winning the first prize was notpresent.The awards for the day was as follows: BEEF CATTLE.Best steer, 2 years old and under 3,J. H. Marr, Millersburg, first; J. H.Marr, Millersburg, second.Best steer, 1 year old and under 2,J. H. Marr, Millersburg, first.Best steer calf, W. E. Stilwell,Jhilesburg, first; W. W. Hall, Paris,ficondBest butcher steer, W. W. Hall,Paris, first; W. E. Stilwell, Chilesburg,econd.FINE HARNESS HORSES.Best stallion, 4 years old and over,H. A., Power, Paris, ,first; E. K. Thornas, North Middletown, second.Best stallion, 3 years old and under4, H. Carrick, Georgetown, first.Best stallion, 2 years old and under3, 3f attack & Shropshire, first; C. W.Tarnaby, Lexington, second.Best stallion, 1 year old and under2, E. K. Thomas, North Middletown,.first; J. P. Beaty, Lexington, second.Beet stallion colt under 1 year old,J. T. Colins & Son, North Midletown,first; R. H. "Boardman, Carlisle, second. SADDLE CLASS.Best brood mare and twoor more ofher foals, E. K. Thomas, North IMiddletown, first, Speake's Bros., second.SADDLE HORSES.Best mare, 4 years old and over, J.T. Collins & Son, 'North Middletown,first, IBest mare, 3 years old and under 4,Caywood & McCry Bros., North Middletown, first; R. H. Stevenson, Lexington, second.Best mare, 2 years old and under 3,Caywood & McCray Bros., first; E. K.Thomas, second.Best mare, 1 year old and under 2,E. K. Thomas, first; J. T. Collins &Son, second.Best stallion colt, under 1 year old,J. T. Collins & Son, North Middletown,Best filly colt, J. T. Redmon, first,J. W. Rice, second.RUNABOUT HORSES.Best runabout mare or gelding,Caywood & McCray Bros., first andsecond.SWEEPSTAKES FOR .FINE HARNESS HORSES.Best stallion, any age, H. A. Power,Paris, first. ,Best mare, any age, Matlack &Shropshire, first.SPECIAL PREMIUM MARE ANDCOLT.Best saddle mare and suckling foal,R. H. Boardman, Carlisle, first andthird; E. K. Thomas, North Middletown, second.PONIES ANY BREED.Best saddle pony, Lewis Lee Haggan, Elmendorf Farm, first, Mrs. Clarence LeBus, Lexington, second.Best saddle pony, Thos. Hamilton,North Middletown, first; Sparkks Wilson, North Middletown, second.SHETLANDS.Best girl driver, under 16 yers oldto drive pony, Lucile Caywood, NorthMiddletown,Best girl rider under 16 years old toride astride Lucile Caywood, NorthMiddletown first; Emily Fithian, second. B,est boy driver under 12 years oldto drive pony, Stanton Caywood,North Middletown, first.BERKSHIRE HOGS.Best boar, 1 year old and over, J. W.Shearn, Winchester, first.Best boar, 6 months old and under1 year, J. W. Case, first.Best boar, under 6 months old, J. W.Shearn, first.Best sow, 1 year old and over, J.C. Bryant, North Middletown, first.Best sow, 6 months old and under 1year, J. w. uase, nutcnison, nrst.Best sow under 6 months old, J. W.Shearn, Lexington, first.Best boar under 2 years old, J. C.Bryant, North Middletown, first.POLAND CHINA HOGS.Best boar, 1 year old and over, Wm.Coilins, Carlisle, firct.Best boar, 6 months old and under 1year, wm. uoinnns, uarnsie, nrst.Best boar, under 6 months, Huffman Bros.', Centerville, first.Best sow, 1 year old and over, Wm.Collins, Carlisle, first.Best sow, 6 months old and under1 year, Wm. Collins, Carlisle, first.Bes boar, 6 months old and under 1Best sow, under 6 months old, Huffman Bros., first.DUROC JERSEY HOGS.Best boar, 1 year old and over, A.P. Adair & Son, Paris, first.year, A. P. Adair & Son, Paris, first.-nQaf v, Q a mnnfi,c i ,1 a tJjg"' WWU.1, Ul-ll J IUUULJIJ U1UI J-Adair & Son, Paris, first.j Best sow, 1 year old and over, A. P., Adair & Son, Paris, first.' Best sow, 6 months old and under 1year, A. P. Adair, Paris, first,j Best sow, under 6 months, A. P.I Adair & Son, Paris, first.GRAND SWEEPSTAKES.Best boar, any age, Huffman Bros.,Centerville, first.Best sow, any age, J. W. Case,Hutchison, first.Best herd of hogs, any breed, consisting of 4 head or' more owned byone firm or individual, J. C. Bryant &Son, North Middletown, first.BABIES HEALTH SHOW DEPARTMENT. Class A Most nearly perfect babymentally and physically, over sixmonths and under one year, judged bya committee of doctors by Dr. Holt'sStandard, on 20 points James E. Clay,son of Mr. and Mrs. Sam Clay averaged 95 points; Margaret McCray,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Tom McCray, North Middletown, and MaryElizabeth Hughes, of Paris, each madean average of 90, tied.Mrs. Col. John Cunpingham andMrs. Laura Estill Francis, of Bourbon,attended the Camden Barbecue inWoodford county, yesterday.POULTRY.The awards in the poultry department were awarded yesterday and areas follows:Barred Plymouth Rocks Cocks, J.D. Worman, first and second; hens,Wim. Wirsh, first, J. D. Worman,second; cockrels, J. D. Worman, firstand second; pullets, Wm. Wirst, firstand second; J. D. Worman.White Plymouth Rock Cocks, Mrs.E.S. Jack, first and second; hens, Mrs.E. S. Jacks, first and second; cockrels, Mrs. E. S. Jack, first, M. V.Offutt, second; pullets, Mrs. E. S.Jack, first and second pen, Mrs. E. S.Jack.Buff Plymouth Rock Cocks, Wm.Wirsh, first, H. D. Burtin, second;cockerel, H. D. Burton, first pullets, H.D. Burton, first and second; pens, H.D. Burton.Silver Laced Wyandottes Cocks,Miss Fannie Graham Jones, first andsecond; pens, Wm. Wirsh, first, MissMary Graham Jones, second; cockerels, Ms. Mary Graham Jones, firstand second; pullets, Miss Mary Graham clones, first and second; pens,Mrs. Mary Graham Jones, first andsecond.Golden Wyandottes Cocks, Wm.Wirsh, first; hens, Wm. Wirsh; pens,Wn. Wirsh-S. C. Rhode Island Reds Cock,Harris Lehman, first and second;hens, Harris Lehman, first and second; cockerel, Harris Lehman, firstand second; pullets, Harris Lehman,first and second; pens, Harris Lehman. I Rose Comb R, I,. Reds Cock, BenTurned first, Thos .Kiser second; hen,Ben Tume, first and second; Cockerel,Ben Tume, first and second;,.-pullet,Ben Tume, first and secondj pen, BenTume, first and second.Brahmas Any Variety Cock, Harris Lehman, first and second; hen,Harris Lehman, first and second;cockrel, Harris Lehman, first and second: pullet, Harris Lehmn, first andsecond; pen, Harris Lehman, first andsecond.Langshans Any variety Cock, E.S. Jack, first' and second; hen M. V.Offutt, first, E. A. Jack, second; cockerel, E. A. Jack, first and second; pallet, E. A. Ja'ck, first and second; pen,E. A. Jack, first, W. V. Offutt, second.Single Comb Buff Orphington Cock,R. A. Childs, first, H. S. Thompson,second; hen, H. S. Thompson, first andsecond; cockerel, H. S. Thompson,first, R. H. Chiles, second; pullet, Mattie King, first, H. S. Thompson second; pen, H. S. Thompson, first, J. D.Bell, .second.Single Comb White OrphingtonsCock, W. B. Gwynn, first and second;hen, W. B. Gynn, first, Mrs. WalterKenney, second; cockerel, Mrs. Walter Kenney first and second; pullett,Mrs. Walter Kenney, first and second;pen, Mrs. Walter Kenney, first, W. B.Gwynn, second.Single Comb Black Minorcas Cock,E. L. Adams, first; cockerel, E. L.Adams, first; pullet, E. L. Adams,-fistand second.Single Comb Brown LeghornsCockerel, Wm. Wirst, first; pullet,Wm. Wirsh, first.Single Comb White LeghornsCock, Eggland Farm, first, Wm. Wirshsecond; hen, Eggland Farm, first andsecond; cockerel Eggland Farm, first;Wm. Wirsh, second; pullet, EgglandFarm, first and second; pen, EgglandFarm, first "and secondSingle Comb Buff Leghorns Cock,Wm. Wirsh, first, J. S. Smithers second; hen, Wm. Wirsh, first and second; cockerel, J. S. Smithers, first,Wm . Wirst, second; pullett, Wm.Wurst, first, J. S. Smithers, second;pen, J. S. Smithers, first; Wm. Wirst,second.B. B. Game Bantoms Best Pair,Robt. Berryman, first.Golden Seabright Bantams Bestpair, Wm. Wirst, first.Best exhibit of poultry by boy orgirl under 15 years, Walther Kenney,first, Marion Mathers, second, VictorO'Neal, third.Winner largest number blue ribbonsin poultry, Wm. Wirst,Turkeys Best Bronze gobbler, Miller Ward, first.Pair Buff Cochin Bantams H. D.Burton first, Robert Berryman,. second; pen, H. 'B. Burton, first RobertBerryman, second.Pair Black Bantam Robert Berryman, first; pair White Cochin Bantams, Robert Berryman, first.Best yearling Bronze gobbler, Miller Ward, first; best yearling Narragganset hen, Mrs. Sallie Adair; bestyearling White Holland gobbler, Mrs.Sallie Adair, first; best yearling WhiteHolland hen, Mrs. Sallie Adair, first.Geese Best, pair White Emden, J.R. Brooks, first.Best pair Indian Runner ducks, Harris Lehman, first and second.Model Houdans R. H. Chiles, first,cockerel, first; pullet, first.R. C. Bown Leghorn Cock, Wm.Wirsh, cockerel, Wm. Wirsh; pullet,Wm. Wirsh.Red Comb White Leghorn Cock,Wm. Wirst, first; hen, Wm. Wirst;l"lL A U11 vvtT ir ' AYSingle Comb Ham Cock,(.,.i-. ..11n TTTV TTTJr.'li ft-nr-4-Wm.Wirsh, first and second; cockerel,Wm.Wirsh, first and second; pullet, Wm.Wirsh, first and second; pen, Wm.Wirsh, first and second.White Crested Black Polish Cock,Wm. Wirsh, first; hen, Wm. Wirsh,first pulletx Wm. Wirsh, first.Patridge Wyandottes Cock, HarrisLehman, first and second; hen, HarrisLehman, first and second; cockerel,Harris Lehman, first and second;pullet, Harris Lehman, first and second; pen, Harris Lehman, first andsecond.Columbia Wyandottes Cock, MissLouise White, first; hen, Miss LouiseWhite, first and second.BURLESON INAUGURATESNEW PARCEL POST RATES.Postmaster General Burleson has inaugurated the new regulations changing the parcel post rates and weightlimit by (mailing President Wilson abox of fine Georgia peaches, The boxwhich weighed seventeen pounds witha postage of 13 cents, was deliveredat the White House early in the day.With it came a note in which thePosmaster General said:"This is an illustration of the opporuntunity which has been opened to thefarmer, the horticulturist, the manufacturer and to every citizen of thecountry who will avail himself of thisvaluable adjunct of the postal servicein the promotion of commerce andhppiness of our peoyfe."The new regulation which is nowin effect, raises the maximum weightof parcel post packages from elevento twenty pounds, and snakes certainchanges in the rates. The local delivery rate of postage are reduced from5 cents for the first pound and 1 centfor each additional two pounds orfraction thereof. The first and secondzones, covering a radious of 150 milesfrom each local postofiice, were consolidated and rates in them reducedfrom 5 cents for the first pound and Jcents for each additional pound (thefirst zone rate) and 6 cents for thefirst pound and 4 cents for each additional pound (second zone rate) to 5cents for the first pound and 1 cent foreach additional pound.BRYANHAS LEFTLETCURE PLATFORM.. Secretary of State Bryan has decided, as the result of unfavorable criticism, to abandon the Chautauqua lecture platform while serving as a member of the Cabinet. This news comesin the form of a signed statement inthe 'Commoner, o f which he is the editor, which has reached Washington.After endeavoring to answer brieflythe comments that were made uponhis recent departures- from Washington for the purpose of picking up largefees for 'his lectures.- Bryan stateshis intention to devote his time to hisJ official duties hereafter. .WASHINGTON RELIEVED' REGARDING MEXICO.The Mexican situation is far lessthreatening than it was 24' hours ago.The press reports which came inabout 12 o'clock last night from Mexico City, to the effect that PresidenHuerta had demanded immediate recognition from the United States on thepenalty of rupturing diplomatic relations, lack official confirmation.In fact Secretary of State Bryan received a dispatch from NelsonO'Shaughnessy, Secretary of theAmerican Embassy, at 4 o'clock thismorning declaring that no such ultimatum had been delivered. Thiscontradiction of the press dispatchesbrought a feling of great relief to Administration circles, inasmuch as theState Department had been benraisedof the character of the press reportsfrom the Mexican capital as soon asthey had been received last night.The unanimity of all the dispatchesfrom American correspondents inMexico City with respect to the deliverance of an ultimatum is inexplicable. The representatives of fthe leading press associations and newspaperscabled substantially the same generalreport that President Huerta hadthreatened to serve dipolmatic relations with the United States unlessrecognition was extended to mm uy12 o'clock last nignt.The assumption here is that word tothis effect had been passed out tothem from the Mexican Foreign Office,who made the announcement matSpecial Envoy John Lind would not bereceived by the Mexican Governmentunless he bore credentials and notice otthe recognition of President Huerta.Any way the fact remains that thisGovernment has received no such ultimatum. oFIGHT IN LEXINGTON TOBAR THE MOTORCYCLE.At the regular weekly meeting Monady of the Board of City Commissioners in Lexington an ordinance wasintroduced declaring motorcycles to bea nuisance, and prohibiting their operation on the streets of the city undera penalty of $50 to $100 fine and 30days imprisonment in the workhouse.Mayor J. E. Cassidy in presenting theordinance stated that he did so at therequest of a prominent citizen, whohad been greatly annoyed by the wanton disregard of the law, excessivespeed and noise of these machines,and while the measure in its presentform could not in his estimation, be-,come an ordinance, he recommendedthat it be referred to the City Solicitor for incorporation in part into thenew automobile and motorcycle ordinance which it is proposed to draft assoon as City Solicitor Denny returnsfrom the East.The ordinance was given its firstreading and referred to the City Solicitor. The attention of the Commissionershaving been called to the danger fromautomobiles to persons alighting fromstreet cars, the matter was discussedand it was found to be the opinion of ithe Commissioners that a provisionshould be incorporated in the proposednew automobile ordinance directingthat all automobiles stop within tenfeet of street cars while dischargingpassengers.DEEP PLOWING SAVED CROPFOR MANY FARMERS.Since the August crop report wasissued Commissioner of Agriculture J.W. Newman said Friday some cropsin certain portions of the State havedetonated, ahd it is too late for rainto help some of them. Hay and wheatover the State averaged about the usual crop and oats is up to the average, but not epual to last year's crop.Coru and tobacco have suffered, andit is impossible to estimate how farbelow last year's crop they will yield.The reports from many countiesmerely said corn and tobacco aretobacco are burned up. A. loss of 4040 per cent, may be sustained ascompared with last year's output.t On this point Commissioner Newman recalled a warning he issued tothe farmers last spring, and said thatso far ash e had heard, those whofollowed the directions of the department and powed deep and cultivatedcontinually, keeping the ground stirred up and conserving the moisture,have secured practically an averageyield. He has been carrying on acampaign to secure deeper plowingand better cultivation, and is takingpains to ascertain how those who followed his advice are faring in thisunusual season.NEWT. ARNOLD, BAILEY'S SLAYERTAKEN TO THE PENITENTIARY.Newt. Arnold, of Bourbon county,convicted in the Pendleton CircuitCourt at the May term, and sentencedto the penitentiary for from two totwenty-one years, for the murder ofHarry Bailey, a prominent attorney ofCynthiana, last January, was taken tothe Frankfort penitentiary yesterdayto begin his sentence.Arnold was in charge of Sheriff L.B. Furnish of Harrison county and theofficer with his prisoner stopped overbetween trains in this city. At the L.& N. passenger depot a number ofArnold's relatives, including his wifeand children, were in his company until the departure of the Frankforttrain.According to Sheriff Furnish, Arnold has proven himself a modell prisoner during his inaceration in the Harrison county jail, and although he hassuffered to some extent from his confinement, he looks to be in excellenthealth. The parting between the prisoner and his wife and children wasindeed pathetic.CARLISLE MASONS MAYCONSTRUCT TEMPLE.A Masonic Temple probably will beerected in Carlisle by DaughertyLodge, No. 65, F. and A. M. It is saidthat the temple will occupy part ofthe Dinsmore lot in Locust street,adjoining the Louisville & Nashvillepassenger depot, if this can be purchased, and Mahers, Potts & Co. andthe Lyric Theatre will also build onthe same lot, making improvementsworth several thousands of dollars inthat section of the city.CUSTOM OF SLIPPER" THROWING.. - .According to a French historian,the custom of throwing the slipperafter the newly married couple originated in the far East, thousands andthousands of years ago, and from therespread all over the world. It is stillpracticed , in the Oriental countries,but has developed into more of an act6f renunciation. A father, for instance,who would renounce his son, would doso by taking off his shoe, strike himwith it, or if he were too far away,throw it after him. In the Romandays the loosing of a shoe from a footwas the legal form of a renunciation,and came originally from popularfolklore. Stories are on record inEgypt of collections of shoes andsandals being made at the wedding ofa rich man and woman, and the vehicle in which they were carried awayfairly deluged with them. It was alldone in much the same spirit inwhich such frolics are carried on inmodern days.HOW THE TROUBLE STARTS.Constipation is the cause of manyailments and disorders that make lifemiserable. Take Chamberlain's Tablets, -keep your bowels regular and youwill avoid these diseases. For sale byall dealers.(August)COLLINS ACCEPTS THECHALLENGE OF BARNES."Sailor" Collins, who was .challenged for a ten-round bout at the GrandOpera House on September 4, by"Gipsy" Barnes, has accepted thechallenge, and requests the News tostate that he will meet -Barnes onWednesday evening to arrange theconditions of the fight.Vedrines has now covered, all told,36,000 miles of cross-country flying.He left for Servia to investigate thequestion of aviation services in war.BOURBON FAIR WILL BEBIGGER AND BETTER THAN EVER.The Bourbon Fair which beginsAugust 19th, to continue five days, willbe bigger and better than ever. Neverhas there been a larger number of premiums offered at a county fair inKentucky, which insures an excellentexhibition in every department. Besure to attend every day.faOldest FairGth Annual Fair of theBourbon CountyAgricultural Society5--I5IG Days 3AUGUST 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 1913,The Program this year is decidedly the bestever offered in all its history. Write for Catalog,Littlejohn's Big United Showswill furnish the attractions for the Midway. Twentyclean attractions.High Dive and ESaffoon AscensionEvery Day.Write to the undersigned for entry blanks andinformation.JOHN S.fWINDINSURANCEiFire and4sLightningksiaiTOOIiS I12 Bigv.GOOD REASON FORHIS ENTHUSIASMWhen a man has suffered for severaL,days with colic, diarrhoea or othenJform of bowel complaint and is then Vcured sound and well by one or two- " 'doses of Chamberlain's Colic, Choleraand Diarrhoea Remedy, as is often thecase, it is but natural that he should?be enthusiastic in his praises of theremedy, and especially is this the case-of a severe attack when life is threatened. Try it when in need of such aremedy. It never fails. Sold by all. "dealers.(August)The longest stretch of railway inthe world without a curve is in NewZeland, where there is a line of railway a part of which goes for a distance of 136 miles in aperfect straight,line.TO MAMMOTH CAVEAUGUST 20, 1913LAST GREAT REDUCTION.Round trip railroad fare$5.65'-Board at the Cave Hotel, including the-several routes in the Cave for 6.50.Making total cost for three days trip$12.15; going on regular morning:trains. Limit on tickets 10 days.Write or phone L. & N. agent. 5aug5t-NOTICE.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of J. H. Linvilledeceased, will please come and settle'same at once; also those having claims;against said estate will jjlease presentthem, properly proven as prescribedby law, to undersigned.W. V. HUFFMAN,Administrator J. H. Linville.Notice to MerchantsOn and after this date I will not beresponsible for any accounts contracted by other persons in my name unlessisame is made upon a written order,.signed by myself.W. M. GILLESPIE,Paris, Ky., Aug. 1, 1913.in the StateuiWIGGINS,Secretaryy- mn. "5' J U0rurW00DF0BDCompaniesitIIIv J ! , '," " 'r- , v.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 22, 19.13ITff -X-yfjr&f&lHAS TKC BESTOF ALL LINES MACEBig Cake Walk to berepeated at BourbonPair Friday afternoonat three o'clock. Newentries. Be sure andattend. . xMELONS ON ICE.Before leavingstore and get atake home.(x); town stop at ourcold watermelon toT. LENIHAN.WORKMEN ENGAGED INREPAIRING MAIN STREET.Workmen were engaged Tuesday inrepairing Main street, filling up thelarge holes with concrete whichgreatly improves the condition of thethoroughfare.EARLY FALL HATS.The different shades of green, blueand grevs. They are Stetson's. $4.(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.BURGLARS ATTEMPT TO FORCEENTRANCE TO MT. AIRY HOME.Monday eveening a hurglar atte lpted to enter the residence of Mr.G oree Stuart on Mt. Airy avenue. As -een to one of the windows was1- irigMorced when the intruder was0 scovered and frightened away.BIG BARGAINS IN WALL PAPER.Wall paper cut deed at J. T. Hinton's. (x)OWLS WENT.XThe Owls enjoyed a h'ig picnic Sunday at Natural Bridge and a largecrowd took advantage of the cheaprates and spent the day in the mountains of Eastern Kentucky. Dr. A. H.Kellar, of Paris, addressed the assembly on "Fraternalism" in the afternoon, shortly before the time for returning. FALL FOOTWEAR.Go to Feld's for fall footwear (x)GOOD COFFEEGoodpound.(x)Nbulk coffffee -at 20 cents perBoth phones, 234.T. LENIHAN.LEASESROOM TOIMPROVERESTAURANT.Mr. Leer Stout, who conducts a restaurant on Main street, has leasedfrom the heirs of the late L. Frankthe vacant store room formerly occupied by the National Five and TenCent Store, for a" period of ten yearsand after improving the building willconvert it into a'dining room, in connection with he room he now occupiesat present.CUT PRICES ONRUGSANDCARPETS.Big reductions on rugs, carpets andfurniture at(x) J. T. HINTON'SPHYSICIAN'SARMBROKENBY FALL.Dr. A. H. Keller, City HealthOfficer, suffered a fracture of his rightarm at the wrist this .morning when inplacing his foot on a chair to tie hisshoe, he slipped and fell. The accident occurred in front of the furniturestore of; J. T. Hinton. The brokenbone was set by Drs. Fithian & Daugherty. YOU WILL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction(18-tf)by traing atFELD'S.FOR SALE.Sorrel horse, 5 years old. City brokeMARTIN BROS,(x) 8th Street, Paris, Ky.BLIND TIGER OPERATOD GIVENFINE AND JAIL SENTENCE.Joe Taylor, colored, arrested in araid upon a blind tiger at Millersburg,on the evening of Sunday, August 12,was tried before Judge Denis Dundon,in the County Court Friday afternoonand was given a fine of $100 and tendays in jail. Taylor was unable topay his fine and was sent to jailwork it out at hard labor.toSAVE YOU MONEY.This is the itme to save money onhouse furnishings. See(x) J. T. HINTON.FALL STYLES.Our fall lines of fine shoes for pien,women and children can not be surpassed. Beautiful fall styles in theold reliable Hanan and Nettletonsnoes. All well-dressed menwearthese makes.x) GEO. McWILLIAMS.D. B. LACY DEAD.Mr.D. B. Lacy, head of he contracting firm of D. B. Lacy & Sons, died athis home in Anniston, Ala. Wednesday morning, after Ni short illness.The firm of which he was the head,had the excavating and constructionwork on the new South Paris yardsof the L. & N., and also had large contracts for lowering the grale of thatroad -between Paris and Winchester.Upon receipt of the telegram apprising him of his father's death, Mr.Howard -Lacy, who was in charge ofthe firm's affairs at Winchester,left at once for Anniston. Mr. JLacywas one of the best known men in hisline in theSouth nd enjoyed jl Videacauamtance in railroad circles.C JtSOCIAL Ai-PERSULMr. Harry Minter is improving-r-Mr, A. H. Letton, of Lexington, isa visitor in the city.Mr. B. F. Adcock, of Winchester,is a visitor to the Bourbon Fair.Mr. Priest Kemper, of Carlisle,was a visitor at the fair Wednesday.Mrs. James Cummings, of Maysville, is visiting Miss Bessie Purnell.Mr. Chac. E. Butler, Jr., of Carlisle, was a visitor in Paris, Wednesday. Miss Bettie Faris is the guest ofMiss Ida Mae Erion, at her home nearthis city.Miss Jeanette Brooks, of Louis:ville, is the guest of Mrs. Frank Kiser,on Houston avenue. 'Mr. Willie Elder, of Richmond, isvisiting his uncle, Mr. F. S. Elder andattending the fair.Mr. J. W. Davis was able to be athis place of business this morning after a two-weeks illness.Hon. Ben Freckman, Secretary toSenator Campbell Cantrill, was a visitor to the fair yesterday.Mr. Eyons Board, of Middlesboro,is visiting his parents, Mr. and Mrs.W. E. Board, in this city.Misses Nora Mae and Ollie Duff,of Lexinton, are the guests of MissBessie Mclntyre, for the fair.Messrs. Clayton Howell and ResinHowell, of Mt. Sterling, are visiting inthe city and attending the fair.Miss Bessie Lowry, of Lexington,is the guest of her sister.Mrs. C.Arnsparger, on Duncan avenue.Miss Estelle Faulconer, of CannelCity, is the guest of her brother, Mr.Edward Faulconer, in this city.Mrs. E. L. Stone and children havereturned from an extended visit tofriends and relatives in Jackson.;Mrs. Clarence Lebus of Lexingtonwas the guest yesterday of Mrs. Geo.Alexander and attending the fair.Miss Betsy Ashbrook, of Cynthiana, is the guest of her sister, Mrs.Thomas Allen, on Duncan avenue.Mrs. Hanson Peterson and twodaughters, of Cynthiana, will arriveThursday, to visit Mrs. Joseph Ewalt.Mrs. R. E. Foreman and MissNellie Hale, of Lexington, are guestsof Mrs. J. W. James on Fourth street.Mr. William Campbell and familyare visiting his brother, Dr. F. P.from a severe illness of typhoid fever.Miss Elizabeth Barbour, of Louisville, is a guest of Mrs. L. B. Purnell,on Mt. Airy avenue for the fair week.,. Mr. and Mrs. Percy Reed, will arrive from Atlanta Sunday to be theguest of Mrs. M. A. Paton, on Mt.Airy.Eugene Elder, son of Mr. -F. S.Elder, has been confined to his bedseveral days, suffering with acute indigestion. Mr. William Williams and wife,of Cincinnati, are here to attend thefuneral of the former's father, Mr.John Williams.Mr. H. V. Thompson, of .Winchester, is attending the fair to-day and isthe guest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.G. C. Thompson.Miss Bessie Lowry and Mr. W.H. Lowry, of Lexington, are guests oftheir sister, Mrs. C. Arnsparger, andattending the fair.Miss Ruth Ratliff, Mr. and Mrs.W. J. Reed and Mrs. Turley Squires,of Carlisle, are guests this wTeek ofMr. and Mrs. Claud Ratliff.Mrs. Watson Judy will entertainat cards this morning, at her apartments jn the Robneel, for Mrs. Wm.McPljerson, of Salt Lake City.Mrs. J. W. Wright, of near Paris,is at the Lancaster Hotel, in Georgetown, where she is under medicaltreatment by Dr. Maude Moore.Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, of the staffof the Paris Kentuckian-Citizen, willspend his vacation next week at theNicholasville fair, the guest of friends.The Sterling Dancing Club entertained delightfully with a dance atTill iyW.ll t A . . . -.niiKs inaii last nignt. yuite a number of out-of-town guests were present, yMiss Mary Porter Terry, of Glasgow, who has been the guest of Rev.and Mrs. W. E. Ellis, returned homeyesterday after a pleasant visit in thiscity.Mrs. Lou Palmer, who suffered a jDroKen nip several weens ago, is improving and is able to sit up at thehome of her daughter, Mrs. J. J. McClintock. Mr. J. M. Russell has just returned from a visit to his classmate, Mr.Geo. D. Miller, who owns an islandin the St. Lawrence River, near Alexandria Bay.Mr. Thompson Tarr, who has beenconfined to his home for the past threeweeks with typhoid fever, shows noimprovement, although his physiciansbelieve he is holding his own.Mr. and Mrs. Miller Ward will entertain this evening at their homein Paris with a handsome dinner,wliish will be attended by the Governor of Kentucky and his staff.Miss Sue Todd will arrive in a fewdays from Columbia University, NewYork City, to visit Mrs. Lou Palmerand Mrs. J. J. McClintock enroute toBirmingham, Ala., 'for the winter.Campbell and family.Mr. Harry Stout, who has bee.iengaged in business at Muncie, Ind.,for several months, returned toParis, Monday, for a short stay to recuperate from the effects of a recentsevere illness.Miss Mabel Templin, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. T. T. Templin, has asher guests for the week of the fairMisses Hallie and Lucy Hunter, ofWinchester, and Misses Maude andMorris Faulconer, of Cannal City, Ky.AN INVITATION.The vj iors who are attending thePair are invited to come in and seemy beautiful stock of Fall ready-to-wearhats. Now on display,(x) MRS.CORNE WATSON BAIRD.BASE B'ALL SUNDAY.It will be impossible for the Cynthiana club to fill their date here Sunday with the Paris Athletic Club at'White Park Sunday. In their place"the strong tKiser. Station team hasbeen booked for that day..rWM. JAMES HAS NARROWESCAPE FROM ELECTROCUTION.'doming in contact with an ejectriclight wire Teharged with 2,300 volts,almost caused the death of WilliamJames an electrician in the employeof the Paris Gas & Electric Co. Theaccident occurred yesterday afternoonabout four o'clock: at the fair groundswhere he had been called to to removea wire that had bcom crossed withthe lead wires.James ascended a 30 "foot pole toremove the wire and whea hi camein contact with it he was held suspended from the pole until the current was cut off, when he fell to theground. Bystanders rushed to his assistance and every effort was made toresustitate him until the arrival ofDr. Frank Fithian, who was on thegrounds. Timely attention saved hislife and he was removed to his homein the automobile of Mr. T. F. Brannon. '"Sames suffered a number of severeburns and was badly injured aboutthe back as a result of the fall. Hehas 'not fully recovered from theeffects of the shock ,but is not thoughtto be in any immediate danger.FALL TAILORING.We are ready wih our direct importations of fall woolens, and we suggest early inspection.(It) . J. W. DAVIS & CO.HENRY RECOVERING FROMSERIOUS INJURY.Mr. Estie Henry, whose skull wasfractured in an accident which occurred at Berry about two weeks agoand who has since been confined tothe Massie Memorial Hospital, wherea trepane operation was performedhas recovered sufficiently to be removed to his home on South Mainstreet.Mr. Henry, who was employed bythe L. & N. railroad was injured whena large cable used in unloading ballast from the cars, broke, strikinghim in the breast, knocking himdown and hish ead striking a railfractured his skull at the base.For a time his life was despaired ofand his physiscians declared he hadpne chance in a thousand to recoverfrom the injury.FAIR VISITORS.Beautiful Fall stock of ready-to-wearhats just received from the East nowready for your inspection.(x) MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.FORMER "COLUMBIA" SINGERMAKES BIG HIT.The Cincinnati Enquirer has this tosay of a former Paris favorite, MissFlorence Talbott, who made a big hithere some time ago at the Columbiaand Alamo houses:"Manager I. M. Martinhas engagedMiss Florence Talbott, daughter ofGeorge Talbott, scenic artist, for aspecial engagement of four weeks atthe Chester Park Cabaret. Miss Talbott only returned to Cincinati Sunday from Chicago, where, according toreports, she was the biggest hit of thesummer in the cabarets. A littletouch of homesickness caused her tocaricel her engagements in the Windycity and return to Cincinnati."FALL MILLINERY.I have just arrived home from theEast, where I bought the very latestin Fall millinery. It was all shippedby express and has arrived and isready for inspection. The ready-to-wearhats are exquisite. While attending the Fair take a few minutesoff and call in and have a look,(x) MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.ALL TAILORING WORKIS GUARANTEED.Cleaning and pressing, repairing,altfering and in fact, anything in thetailoring line. All work guarantee tomeet with satisfaction. The onlyshop in town having an expert tailor incharge. To get the best results inall classes of work, give us a call.COLLINS & HALLMAN.In Rear of Paris Billiard Hall, West(tf) Cor. Main and Fourth Streets.SWIMS 24MILESIN THIRTEENHOURS.A new swimming record was madeTuesday when Sam Richards, of SouthBoston, Mass. swam to Boston light jand back, a total distance of 24 miles,in 13 hours and 9 minutes. This isthe firsttime that the return- swim hasever been made. The swim to thelight is known as one of the mostdifficult attempted by swimmers on account of thes trong currents encountered. Richards was in good conditionwhen he landed and climed up thesteps at Charleston Bridge unassisted.DEPARTMENT RESPONDS TOFALSE FIRE-ALARM.The fire department was called outSaturday night about twelve o'clockin response to an alarm from box 33 atthe corner of Main and Fifteenthstreets. A quick run was made, butwhen the fire department arrived noblaze could be located. It is presu,medsome one passing the box sent in thealarm as a joke.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.WE'LL WAIT AND SEE!The "Winchester Democrat says:"Coal has taken a run up in price butof course Winchester with natural gaswill not suffer as much as other towns.'Paris is indeed lucky to secure thisgreat commodity in time for the winter use and thus save many dollarsthat would go to the coal trust. In (Louisville the price jumped "25 cts. onthe ton."HOME-COOKING.Home-cooking at our cafe. Shortorder meals for supper and breakfasbRegular vegetable dinner at noon foriov 'cents,- uair visitors give us acall.N JSTAG -CAFE.rx I I rf-nT'-rr?1IF YOUR CHILDRENARE DELICATE OR FRAILunder -size or wider-weightremember Scott's Emulsionis nature's grandest growing-tood; it strengthens their bones.makes healthy blood and promotes sturdy growth.Scott & Bowne, Bloomfield, N. J. 13-27PARISDEFEATS WOOLFOLKTEAM IN FINAL BAME.The final game of the series of threeSunday afternoon at White Park, theParis Athletic Club defeated the Woolfolk Coffee Club by a score of two toone. The contest was one of the bestseen on the local grounds this seasonand was featured by the excellentpitching- of Curtis for the locals. Thevisitors started off with a score in thefirst inning but were unable to get aman over the plate in the rounds following, although they assumed a rather threatening attitude on several occasions, and but for the masterlypitching of Curtis, coupled with excellent fielding they would have won.In the 6 inning with no one out andwith a man on second the third Curtis retired the side without allowingthe visitors any chance whatever toscore. Again in the ninth the firstman up hit safely and was followedby a two-bagger. The next went outon flies and the third was retiredwith an easy grounder to short.'The score follows:R H EPans 2 0000000 x 2 9 3Woolfolk 10000000 01 6 2Batteries Paris, Curtis and Wallen,Lexington, Pmdle and Burns. ?SPECIAL PREMIUM FORPONY AT COLORED FAIR.On Wednesday there will be a special cash premium donated by Caywood& McClintock for the best pony threeyears old and under, driven by alady. $10 cash entrance fee to all. xL. & N. IMPROVEMENTS.It is said in Cincinnati railroad circles that the K. C. Division of the L.& N. wll build a tunnel through thehill at Demossville, Ky., to disposewith a sharp curve there.Special prices onFurniture, Ice CreamFreezers and PorchShades. Old HickoryFurniture goes atcost. Ntf E. ML WHEELER,NEGRO POLITICIAN DIESAFTER SHORT ILLNESS.Thomas Johnson, a well-known negro, died last night at his home onSeventh street, after a short illness.Johnson has been very prominent inpolitics in Paris, especially in the localoption campaign. He was about 36years old and apainter by trade.rJ. T.'&ivK.,tJ.CTJWnnrJ IUanlc.-II Our Large StockMust Be Reduced.Sojwewill give the prices anotherbig cut. Come while have your sizePrices on AllReduced.Big cut onWash Goods,DressEtc.iW. EdrXTo make roomwe have reducedMen's, Women'sShoes.sjtkjk;This Sale Began August- 6 andLasts 10 Days.Nothing chargedGeo. McLPhones 301HINTONSEEWINDOWSi&Porch Furnishings Cheaperthan you have ever seen it.Look At ThePrices!JJMINTOflSAVES YOU MONEY- Undertaking - .'-Il:Summer FabricsV.sLinens, Lawns,IIof Shirt WaistsTucker.1for our Fall Stock,ourandentire stock 'of"Children's Lowat cut prices.4Williams,JThe Shoe ManA,- v,-HrT.it,rAmbulance,ai3vr-Isi?--Ar1-ar1 V" 's:THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,. AUGUST 22 19I3.s..SfiivmmmmmJob PrdntonejWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE JQB R0OfflS OFTHEBHRBNNewsAre prepalred to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.aPLet us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Qur type is new and modernfaces.Cbe Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.ftwmimUMiiUitt"TTfM fill Pi H TwPROFITABLE AS EGG LAYERBrown Leghorn Hen, Six Years Old,Stops Laying Just Long Enoughto Hatch Out Brood.As to the age limit of profitable eggproduction there are many exceptionsto this rule. Some hens are neverprofitable egg producers, while othersmay be profitable for years. I have athree-fourths grade Brown Leghornthat is nearly six years old and shehas not stopped laying since early lastspring long enough to hatch a broodof chickens, says a writer in an exchange. She got broody last April andwas given eggs, but she sat but a fewdays until ehe quit her nest and waslaying again in a short time. She hasbeen almost a continual layer up tothis date, and is still laying. Muchof the time she laid an egg everyday. 'The regular profit of $1 per fowlseems to satisfy the average poultryman. This is wrong, for no oneshould be satisfied in any line of work,rRose Comb Brown Leghorn.but constantly striving for better results and larger profits. Two andthree dollars per fowl is a possibleprofit and is being attained by somemen in the poultry business today.The secret does not lie in the fowlor the variety, but in the humanbrain. Let us all study more carefully the rules and principles thatgovern poultry culture. Let us striveto increase the profit in our flocks,and thus each year set up a newstandard for the succeeding year. Bythought, perseverance and persistencegreat things can be accomplishedwith poultry.INJURIOUS HABITS OF HENSPulling and Eating of Each Other'sFeathers May Be Cured by Allowing Them Free Range.BBSAX-MARKED PETRIFIED TREEWoodsman Makes a Very lnteijstingDiscovery on a Montana Butte.'f sGreat Falls, Mont. Froof that meninhabited this part of the world in prehistoric times and even then used axesand showed judgment in felling trees,has been developed by Colomon Abbott of Shelby, north of this city.Not farfrom the Sullivan ranch andnear the junction of Cut Bank creekand Two Medicine creek, there is abutte, probably 450 to 500 feet abovethe surrounding country and aboutseven miles in circumference. It hascut banks so steep at every point thatthey are impassible for cattle andhorses, and at but one point is afence needed to keep the animals ontop of the butte.The butte is absolutely devoid oftimber, but at one time on the summit there grew a fine straight pinetree two feet in diameter and notshort of 80 to 100 feet high. This isproven by the fact that the tree nowlies full length on the ground, cutinto two-foot lengths, the ax marks ofthe woodman being plainly discerniblein evey part of the wood, which isnow petrified.To fell the tree uphill, as was done,it had to be chopped on the side toward which it was to fall almost entirely, and the petrified stump showedthat this was done. Every one of thecuts, which hint of commercial purposes for the wood, gives indisputableevidence of the woodsman's ax.Abbott is a pioneer, and is believedto have been the first white man tohave climbed to the, top, of the butte.SOCIETY FOLKS AT NEWPORTFashionables Gather at America's Famous Watering Resort for TheirSummer Diversion.Newport. Many diversions for thesummer colony at America's select watering place. This photograph, taken in Newport, July 10, showssome of the cottagers leaving the Casino en route to the tennis courtsSometimes a flock of hens acquire jthe habit of pulling and eating eachother's feathers. In some cases theyare so bad that the flesh of the fowlsbecome torn and sore, and the wholeflock is nearly naked."When they first show the signs ofthis vice measures should promptly !be taken to cure them.The trouble is caused by too closelyconfining the fowls and allowingthem to be idle. Where possible theyshould be turned on the range wherethe fascination of chasing bugs andeating the green stuff will make themforget the bad habit."When they cannot be turned outthey should be made to scratch fortheir grain in deep litter. Bundlesof wheat or oats, or sunflower headsmay be hung up just high enoughthat they will have to work to get theseeds. Give them some turnips ormangle beets or cabbage heads towork at anything to keep them inexercise and busy. Feed them plentyof green food, meat, meal, beef scrapsand green cut bone.Rub carbolated vaseline on theplucked fowls where the feathershave been pulled out.Cleanliness is more important thanmedicine for poultry.Plenty of buttermilk and clabbersaves buying meat scraps.Sanitation is the great chick remedy. In other words, prevention.Patient attention to the little thingsis what makes success with poultry.Cull all your young chickens, keepingthose nearest to the standard ofperfection.Late hatched chickens need as muchcare as early ones; don't think theycan rustle a living.The goose Is a grazing bird, whilethe dock thrives with a limitedamount of green food.For table it pays to hatch chicksfrom February to November, but thenumber should be limited.If duck eggs are set under the hensfrom this time on, it will be beet tonsie the neat on the ground.Remember tht fowls that "lookalike" will attract better attentionand sell better than the hit and misskimd.About the best remedy for scalylegs, which Is the work of parasites,is an application of melted lard andsulphur once a week.Drinking troughs need frequentlooking; after in summer. Nothing; likea filthy water or feed trough to breeddisease la hot weather.Feed less corn and other grain thanyou did during the winter. The birdsfeed largely on worms and insects JI while -they are running onrsngs.' vy 7 fe W i m w nil1 his is a Duke s mixture Umbrella sWhether you smo&e Duke's Mixture in pipe or cigarette, it is delightfully satisfying. Everywhere it is thechoice of men who want real, natural tobacco.12ffJtttTfCuAAsI5nwxxmkL rslSamIEif "lX9& lTTllllls'iB ""-" N.C. 1. ! IZI" , BSf1 Xv w & f e k -L r'L' "iTJ'wn i m !I iIIII1In eah 5c sack there are one and a half ounces ofchoice Virginia and North Carolina tobacco pure, mild,rich best sort of granulated tobacco. Enough to makemany good, satisfying cigarettes the kind that makesrolling popular. And with each sack you get a presentcoupon and a book of cigarette papers free.Get an Umbrella FreeThe coupons can be exchanged for all sorts of valuable presents. The list includes not only smokers' articlesbut many desirable presents for women and childrenumbrellas, cameras,toilet articles, tennisrackets, catcher'sgloves and masks, etc.We will send ourillustrated catalogue ofpresents FREE to anyaddress. Ask for it on apostal today. This offerexpires December 31, 1913,Coupons Iron Duke's Mixture maybe assorted v. ith tags from HORSESHOE. J. T.,TINSLEY'S NATURAL LEAF, GRANGER TWIST.coupons fruvi FOUR ROSES (10ctin do-thle coupon), PICK PLUGCUT, PIEDMONT CIGARETTES,CLIX CIGARETTES, and othertags or coufions issued by us.Premium Dept.xffjFnpJVUr Uaaoo Got.St. Louis, Mo.&mti&ZiM'wxwmSuAUJft VA1 KdMI.C WrtWtWnri44-" m-iu.M jf-miTwo Fashion Leaders.with luncheons. Bathing, yachting,dancing, motoring, and tennis, theyoung people are kept in a busywhirl.In the picture are R. de Boardmanof Boston and Mrs. Elsie FrenchVanderbilt of New York and Philadelphia, former wife of Alfred Gwyn Vanderbilt.INDIGESTION AND SIN TWINSDr. Oldfield, Vegetarian, Says ThatMuch of Drunkenness Is Dueto Stomach Trouble.London. "A great deal of thedrunkenness and sin of the world isdue to indigestion, and, therefore, Ihave yet to meet a fruitarian who is adrunkard," said Dr. Josiah Oldfield,the famous vegetarian, in a lecture on"Diet and Dyspepsia," at the Hall ofthe Order of the Golden Age, Bromp-ton-road.In the olden days if the judge werein a bad temper owing to the state ofhis digestion the poor prisoner washanged. Many battles had been lostowing to the bad digestion of the commander, he added, and the answer tothe question whether life is worthliving was "It depends on the liver."A great many people took to drinkcontinued the speaker, not becausethey wanted it, but owing to tl condition of their stomach, which cravedfor sojnething to drown its care. Indigestion was largely a nerve disease,and the nerves were often the causeof the trouble. The pain of indigestion was not a primary sign, and whenthat happened the trouble was welladvanced and the patient m the wayfor gastric trouble.Dr. Oldfield suggested a pint and ahalf as the inclusive amount of liquidto be taken during a day.Segregate Stupid Children.Chicago. "The average stupid childrecruits the criminal classwhen he isbrought up among normal children,"declared Dr. Henry H. Goddard o'fVineland, N. J., addressing a convention of alienists here. "They shouldbe segregated and receive a specialeducation," said he.First Use of Tobacco.The cigar has a long history. Tobacco may have been used in cigarform before it was burned: in pipes,sniffed as snuff or taken as a "quid,"but on this point there is no proof.Two of the sailors under Columbus onthe first voyage reported that they ,had seen natives of the new-foundworld with firebrands in their mouthsand with smoke issuing from theirlips.Ceylon Bullock Carts Passing. 'Owing to heavy mortality among thbullocks used for transporting planttion products in Ceylon, due to rinderpest and foot-and-mouth disease, a reTolution seems to be-impending in thisisland, in the substitution of motorlorries for the picturesque but slowand cumbersome bullock carts which,for centuries have been the chiefmeans of convening goods in CeylonL. 5c N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT MAY 4, 1913Traizis ArriveFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5.21 anLexington, Ky., Daily 5.18amiCynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am-Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.40 amiLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.22 anCincinnati, O., Draily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am-Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily . J, , 10.24 am?Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 mCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pnuMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily T 3.33 pmKnoxville. Tenn.. Daily i 3.25 pm.Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.35 pm?Cincinnati, 0 , Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pmtLexington, Ky., Daily 6,06 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.18 pmJ.i ji.niji, O., Daily 10:50 pnTr stilus ZDo-peirtNo. TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 &m29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., DailyExcept Sunday 7.50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.50 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily ..9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am-33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.20am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily v 10.29 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 4 32.05 pn26 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7 12.04 am-25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.33 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4() pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.56 pm-39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.23 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.20 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily , 10.55 pm31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily ." 10.57 pmNo.6413429710403731233262591383853930832Women Wear Trousers.Lake Hopalong, N. J. Women wearing khaki trousers is no uncommonsight in- this town. Almost all thefemale -campers here- wear the malegarb wheny shopping. , " -IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.TretirLS Arrive NNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily ExceptJSunda 7.44 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm .8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday , 5.50' pmTrains IDe;pa,rt!No '"TO . -.37 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday ?. . . . .7.44 an?,1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday .v. . -.-: 9.53am1 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunday - v. '... . . 5.54jSp" v " ' vl 'r -' ,vj&r... -- 'vJ" -KVtugftiST. T,i tTHE BOURBON NEWS,. PARIS, KY., AUGUST 22 1913;tmn had m tunui -1 I IMIll III Ml III iTHE FAVORITEj W. JST. Barkley, - Mrs. W. N. Barkley' WomanVEidhaage & CafeLOVE COMEDY NEARLY TRAGICJRefined Women Give Thisthe PreferenceThe easiest way to keep your hairyouthful-looking, to prevent it fromturning grey, is to use Hay's HairHealth. It gives absolute satisfactionand a few applications will restore natural color, give vitality to grey andfaded hair and remove all traces ofDandruff. Beautiful natural colored,youthful-looking hair, more than anything else, contributes to a woman'sgood looks.Hay's Hair Health is keeping thousands of women's hair glossy, naturalcolored and beautiful. You'll neverregretfbuying it when you see the difference it makes in your appearance.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to the-following druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap, for 50c; or 1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two.25c. cakes of Hurfina Soap Free, for $1,L Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...112 N. Upper Street,iL-exmgfcon, Kentucky. J .Home-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Canflies, Croquetts, Salads. Pickles, ChowCiiow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allhours with the best the market affords.(28mar6mo)A,Noted Xctress Could Not rtarry a ManWho Only Had One' Leg.per FM1IS!cent, wo to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheapside. Lexington, Ky.3H303s9(M I11rj. Jamalgamated arc-Madrid. A love comedy that is onits way to become a tragedy is exciting the best families in Madrid. Itrelates to Gomez Lopez del Mavarette,a well-known diplomat of Barcelona,who fell in love with the actress Dolorez Rivero de Domanones. She isthe daughter of an aristocratic Spanish family whose name she broughtinto great notoriety by taking to thestage.A famous young surgeon, Dr. Dorado del Pozo, was also 'a suitor forDolorez, and her affections waveredso unecrtainly as to cause a duel between the young men, in which thediplomat was wounded in the leg.Immediately Dolorez was at hisside and nursed him devotedly. Several doctors were consulted, but theleg became worse. At last Dolorezpersuaded her lover to consult his rival, the brilliant young surgeon. Hedid so and Dr. Dorado del Pozo saidthat amputation would alone save hislife, as gangrene had set in.More persuasion by the actress, whoassured him that her affections werenow fixed, was needed before theyoung diplomat would consent to theoperation. The operation was eventually performed and Senor Mavaretteprovided with an artificial leg.In spite of her previous protestations, Dolorez had to confess that shecould never marry a man with oneleg. Not long after she married theyoung surgeon.nthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Clias. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto OiLNo matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINCris very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rate is no higher thanwhen slate or metal is used.We authorize our agents to refund the moneyif our Roofing is not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, IllinoisWRECK FOILS MANUEL COUPShip Loaded With Arms, Ammunitionand Cash, Equipped by Duchess,Is Stranded.Sold by MiHersburg Coal andLumber Co.,Millersburg, Ky.6Miss Margaret K. Caden,210 Main Street, Lexington, Ky.iSpecial Display of. . . S-urxinier Hats . .Moderate Prices7.!Munich. The Post publishes a storyto the effect that a ship was recentlyfitted out with arms and ammunitionby the Duchess Carl Theodore of Bavaria, in an attempt against the Portuguese republic. The duchess also supnffii--" BBBBBBpBBlMjiyvEP9eeee99e39ts3s39t94-t MOUNTAIN EXCURSION X.t Tuesday, August 26, 1 91 3 ,-$t Via "California Special59TO ,3 "The Land of the Sky" and "Sapphire Country"ZJ . Round Trip Fares From Georgetown, Ky.' ' ASHEVILIvE, N. C $ 9,00- WAYNESVILLE. N. C 10.00"T . HENDERSON V ILLE, N. C 10.00.- LAKE TOXAWAY, N. C 11.00 JVARIABLE ROUTE FARES ,Via fGhattohooga Historic Lookout Mountain enroute to arid from- ' " final destination: 24t ASHEVILLE, N. C $10.50WAYNESNILLE, N. C 11.50 I"J HENDERSONNILLE 11.50 - 4- t LAKE TOXAWAY, N. C 12.50ij Return limit, Sept. 10, 1913. Liberal Stop-over privileges- Tickets good on ' Carolina Special" leav-J KSSSESSSSSmt Georgetown, Ky., 8:30 p. m., also onipHpHHHPPHHPHHfl all regular trains August 26, 1913.i lril rIlOml III II ?or ful1 information printed matter andIbUvVotXhbI eePn? car reservations, apply to nearest- 7TT2H ticket Agent, or write:- IHIbhiUHI H. C. KING, Pass, and" Ticket Agt., 101; EESESSSSSmSmSSm. B. Main Street, Lexington, Ky.X W. A. BECKLER, Gen'l Pass. Agent, JrC. N. O. & T. P. Ry.) and cindnnati, 0.jj; Southern RailwayFormer King Manuel.plied a large sum of money, which wasaboard the vessel.The ship started from London forLisbon, but was stranded on the Belgian coast. The duchess has appealedto the Belgian king, who is her son-in-law,to give up at least the cash, butKing Albert has refused.The Post asserts that several bankshave undertaken obligations to support the former King Manuel, in casethe republic is overthrown.'DRIVES NAIL INTO HIS BRAINPrisoner in Pottsville Jail Adopts ThisMeans to 'Escape Gallows, butStill Lives.Pans Odorless Cleaning Co.Hen's and Ladies' Snits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silksur specialty., All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory yMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned and' Reblocked to your satisfaction.We Call Por and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Piione 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor,White Kid -Gloves Cleaned, Ishort, 10c; long 25c.Pottsville, Pa. "I have driven twonails into my brain and you cannothang me," declared Malina Massa tothe warden of the Schuylkill countyprison. Massa, who murdered hiswife at Raven Run several monthsago, is under sentence of death, andas he has made several attempts atsuicide his statement alarmed thekeeper.Investigation showed that Massa'sstatement was true. He had driventhe nails so firmly into his head thatit was necessary to shave the hairoff and lance the flesh in order to pullthem out. Massa said he drove thenails by butting his head against 'thecell wall. The surgeons are puzzledthat Massa is still alive. It is thought,however, that infection will surelybring death to the determined prisoner.TRAIN TAKES HIS HEART OUTUnusual Fatality Between Swarth-more and Morton Station inPennsylvania.Morton, Pa. Isaiah Harris, agedforty-five, of Media, was found deadalong the Central division of the Pennsylvania railroad between this borough and Swarthmore. It is believedhe was struck by a train.Harris' heart was wrenched from' his body and found some distancefrom the scene of the tragedy. Hiswatch and chain and $7 were foundintact. Deputy Coroner Griffith removed the body to the morgue.:Family of Six Perishes in Fire.Columbia, S. C. Six persons, members of one family, lost their lives ina fire that destroyed a house in Lexington, S. C. The bodies were foundin the ruins of the house. The victimswere members of the family of JohnJacobs. It was believed the housewas struck by lightning in ra stormthat swept over the Lexington secTruck Replaced Thre TeamsrcslvIn eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden wM 37 17.20jthstons. It carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.Two 'and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyoi notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction.ISTote these striking KisselKar features Simple engine easy to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when 'desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption Lnan average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easy control larger- "-" j - .-.. f-n- ii . ..vt.. ui.uui,j-special bodies designed to meet every need.JCisselJCar urucca1500 lbsvl -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIntherange of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which is themauufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the nurchase of a nnwpr wa?mn. Tnvpsri-t" gate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Trucks in actual use in your line and many otherlines of business.TheJFollowing Lines of business Have Recentlybought Kissi-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry, Bakery, Confectionery, Tee, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suittheneeds ofany business.iph,mmmPhone 21 05.O. R. HUKLE,51 3 West Main Street,Lexington,JMuch Like Humpty Dumpty.A few broken promises will keep aman busy the lest of his life tryingto pick up the pieces.RMIi!FOR YOlirUnsightly' Grey and Faded HairWhy not have beautiful, dark, glossy,natural colored hair, full of life andbeauty keep yourself young lookingand fascinating? Its so easy andsimple to do if you will get a bottle ofHay's Hair Health today. You'll noticea change after one or two applicationshow quickly the grey hairs vanishiow glossy, full of life and vitalityHay's Hair Health will keep your hair.Don't waste time, get a bottle today.iYour druggist is selling more Hay'sHair Health than all others, becausehe knows it's the most satisfactory,4he nicest and cleanest to use andreally does restore color to grey hair.Free : Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap for 50c; or $1.00fcottle of Hay's Hair Health and twog5c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for $1L. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.State FairEMBER 15 to 20, 1313The Kentucky State Fair will offer to the farmersand livestock exhibitors an opportunity to exhibit thebest products of their farms and best specimens oflivestock and to the women an opportunity to displaytheir handiwork and cookerv at the 1913 Fair, forwhich liberal premiums are offered.$30,000 in Premiums6-BIG DAYS-6 Mrt Railroafl EatesFor Information, Entry Blanks. Catalog, Etc., addressJ..L DENT, Secretary,705 PAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLE.When you feel .vous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure signyoa need MOTTS NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth lining. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills 2WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland. OhioL. Oberdorfer, Dr,uggist, Paris, Ky...Professional CardsDr. Wm. JCenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones JIISS.Residence e3DR. A. B KELLER,Practicing Physician.Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid g- KntnckjParisJ. WTLIilAMS,ail UJttJJt JB X -JLX-LiAl w .Mr. Kentucky FarmerIf we told you of a crop'which brought a cash incomethe year around, made the soil richer every year and required hoskilled labor to handle it,Wouldn't That Be The Crop For You?You have this opportunity. The Tri-State Butter Company,.Cincinnati, Ohio, will buy your cream the year around, pay spotcash for every shipment and give you a market that is responsible,safe and permanent, and proven so to more than 5,000 shippers..No skilled labor is required to ship cream. Separate the milk,ship when convenient to you twice a week in the summer seasonand not quite so often in the winter time.Every cow will pay cash for what she eats' yielding a revenueof from $50.00 to 190.00 per year, besides adding $25.00 worth-bfertility to your soil.-. Ship your cream to-day, or write for free trial cans.. ' " -V' !&XtThe Tri-Sfatfe Butter CompanySooI Cincinnati, , OWo;Stock $7Mm 1 Elks' Buildinr. ,"VV- siI1HL BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; AUGUST 22, 1913af ''HK5 r11It?iaT7KiNEWS OF MILLERSBUBU1wMr. Aaron McConnell was in. Carlisle on business Monday.Miss Salsbury, of Missouri, is the.guest of Miss Lucile Dailey.Mr. S. M. Allen was in Cincinnation business Tuesday and to-day.The household goods of Mr. C. B.Yates were moved to Paris, Monday.Quite a number of our citizenstook in he Bourbon fair Tuesday andto-day. eMr. S. C. Bascom, of Owingsville,arrived Monday as the guest ofIrieirGs here... , Miss dna Clarke left Monday forsl visit to her sister, Mrs. J. A. Price,;at Clintonville.Dr. C. C. Fisher feaves to-day forBoone, Gallatin and Carrol counties inthe interest of M. F. C. He will return Saturday.Mrs. Fred. Bassett, of Mt. Sterlingarrived Monday as the guest of herlister, Mrs. J. J. Peed.- Mrs. J. D. Reed and daughter, MissCNbla Reed, visited relatives at Lexing-- ton from Saturday until Monday.Miss Angie Mitchell returned tolier home at Maysville Tuesday after.a several weeks' visit toMrs. J. F.Caldwell.Mr. Charles Wright left Mondayfor his home at Maysville after a'-weeks' visit tojiis sister, Mrs. C. C.Chanslor.Miss Nola Reed left Wednesday toTesume her position as instructor inmusic in the Industrial College at Mt.yerde, Fla.. Mr. John Gault is ill with typhoidfever. Miss Martina, a trained nurse.sfrom Lexington, arrived Monday totake charge of him.Mrs. John Griffith, of Mt. Pleasant, Mo., arrived Monday as the guestof her sister-in-law Mrs. Thos. McClintock, and other relatives.Mrs. A. C. Ball, who has been atSt. Joseph Hospital, Xexington, forseveral weeks under treatment of Dr.Barrow, will return home to-day.Mrs. Best and little daughter,returned Sunday, after a two-weeks'visit to her parents, Dr. and Mrs.'Alex. Hunter, at Washington, Ky.Mrs. C. B. and Pickett Hunter, ofPittsburg, Penn., and Miss Pattie"Hunter, of Washington, Ky., arrivedSunday as guests of their sister, Mrs.'A. S. Best.Mrs. Maurice Arrowsmith, of Ft.Dodge, Iowa, and brother, Mr. Howard Thompson, of Oklahoma City,Oklahoma, were the guests of Mr. and3Irs. Howard Thompson Tuesday.rhey are visiting their parents, Mr.and Mrs. Henry Thompson, at Sharps-burg.NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.This is the season of the year fortyphoid fever. An ounce of prevention may save you pounds of trouble.Then, boil all water used for drinkingpurposes. This is what you should do.See to it and have no regrets.A. H. KELLER,(x) City Health Officer.NEW MANAGER.iMr. Wallace Howe has taken chargeof the new hotel at Jackson, a factthe traveling public will rejoice tohear. Mr. Howe will also manage theTorrent Hotel, which he has made sopopular for the past several years.I 114rWe Arc Compelled To Unload at Once!Our Store in crowded with: Summer Footwear and rather than the risk ofcarrying these goods over to next season, we have decided to resort to thisgreat sacrifice sale. We are going to make this sale a record breaker!Of course it takes bargains, great, hg rousing bargains' to bring a crowd,and this is just what we have to offer. Read the prices that follow:Misses' and Children's $2.50 values in button oxfords and two-straps, patent and f -gun metal. Mark-down Price p la 3 7Misses' $1 .50 patent, tan, white and gun g-metal pumps. Mark-down Price trtrt?Children's $2.00 pumps.Mark-down PriceMen's $4 Oxfords, tan, patent and gun metal,Walk-Over included. ik Jg"Mark-down Price 'P ( m 5 9Men's $3.50 Oxfords, in patent, gun metaland tan.Mark-down PriceMen($ $3 Oxfords in tan,Latest styles.Mark-down PriceMen's $2.50 Oxfords inHbutton and fl-fl j4 Qlace. Mark-down PriceJ P H "fli fOne lot of Men's Oxfords, broken sizes,$2 and $3 values. Mark-down"Price...3DmAt. - "-"' "LEXINGTON BANKS TOGET BANK FUNQS.When the Treasury Departmentmakes official announcement of theamount of Government money for themovement of crops that is to be deposited in the banks of the South andWest it will be found that Kentuckyhas secured about $1,500,000, of which$1,250,000 will be sent to Louisvilleand $300,000. to Lexington. This information was secured on high authority Wednesday and next week it isexpected the department will give outa list of banks in Kentucky which areto receive the money and the amountto be deposited in each.During the recent conference ofbankers Louisville's committee askedI ' co rnn nnn AKnnf Vioif nf n-io ft3000,000 askked for is to be allotted. Itis understood that Louisville's depositwill compare favorably with that ofother cities of larger size and in anequally strategic position in respect tocrop movement.The money will be sent to the Louisville, Lexington and other banks ofthe South and West as soon as theyhave deposited their security. It isprobable the names of the banks selected as depositaries will not be madepublic until the money is on its way tothem. A committee, one nember ofwhich will be a citizen usually aState banker representing the Government, will pass on the collateraloffered as security for the Governmentdeposits by the banks in each city.NO TOMATOES WITH WHICHTO CONDUCT DEMONSTRATION.The girls' canning clubs in Kentuckythis year resemble the play withoutHamlet, as far as campetition underthe Federal scheme isc oncerned, andthe drouth is to blame. The FederalDepartment of Agriculture has castthe tomato for the principal role inits demonstration work in householdeconomics, and tomatoes are about thescarcest things in the State this year.Mrs. Hellen Wolcott, of Shelby ville,who is in charge of the canning club'sorganization, gave two demonstrationslast week, one at Henderson and theother at Hopkinsville. At Hendersonthe tomatoes had to be bought on themarket. Bullitt county is anotherwith a girls' canning club, but no tomatoes, and other counties are littlebetter supplied.Nothwithstanding the lack of material for competing for the Federalprizes, Mrs. Wolcott reported that shehas found widespread interest in thedemonstration work. Girls' canningclubs have been organized in Jefferson, Mason, Bullitt, Henderson, Christian, Madison and Warren counties.FERTILIZER EXPENSIVELUXURY IN KENTUCKY.Commercial fertilizer is an expensive luxury for' the farmers of thisState who spent in the neighborhoodof $1,500,000 during the year 1912 forfertilizers. According to statisticsfurnished Commissioner of Agriculture Numan by Prof. H. H. Kastle,Dean of the Experiment Station atLexington, the amount of fertilizer used in the State during the last fiveyears has increased fifty per cent. In1908 35,000 tons were used; in 1909,43,000 tons; in 1910, 57,000 tons; in1911, 63,000 tons and in 1912, 65,000tons. Fertilizer sells for $20.50 a ton,with 50 cents a ton added for freight.MARK DOWNjSTcrwG-oin....$1.39S2.49patent and gun metal.$1.9999c-a. :sr co :k ejMATRIMONIAL NOTESWILLIAMS.Mr. John" Thomas -Williams, aged71 yers, died at his home on Marshallstreet, Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock,after only a few days' illness of cholera imorbus. Mr. Williams is survivedby his wife and three children, Mrs.M. M. Culberson and William Williams, of this city, and Mr. Joseph Williams, Chief of Police of Millersburg.The funeral will take nlao.ft this nffor.Phoon, the cortege leaving the home at6 o'clock. Services will be held at thegrave in the Paris cemetery by Rev.J. T. Sharrard.FOREST NOTES.A Russian scientist claims to havediscovered an inoculation for useagainst forest insects.There are nearly six thousand professional foresters in Germany whoare associated with various technicalsocieties.The University of Washington hassecured the use of two sections ofland on the Snoqualmie National forest in connection with its forestrycourses.A tool used to fight fires on theCalifornia forests combines a rake,spade and hoe. It is compact, so thatit can be carried on horseback, andweighs less han 5 pounds.In an increase in timber sales thisyear and in in a decrease in receiptsfrom timber trespass as comparedjwith last year, national forest offijcers see a growing use of the forestand respect for the federal forest pol;icy. HARRY THAW MAKES ESCAPEFROM MATTEAWAN ASYLUM.By dashing throng the gate as themilkman entered the Matteawan Asylum for the Criminal Insane at Mattawan, N. Y., Harry K. Thaw, slayerof Stanford Allen, early Sunday morning escaped. By an alleged prearranged plot a high-power automobile and a limousine, in which werefive men, were waiting in the roadouside the asylum and whisked Thawaway toward the Connecticut Stateline. Nothing has been seen of himsince. He is supposed to have boarded a waiting yacht and sailed forEurope. In New York Mrs. EvelynNesbit Thaw, since the escape of herhusband, is guarded by the police.LITTLE THINGS COUNT.Sometimes a very little thing leadsto very big results. As the story goes,a few years ago one of the Expresscompanies charged Senator Sundzerg,of Minesota, $32 for carrying a castingfor a threshing machine worth only$2.50. The Senator looked upon itas unwarranted extortion, which heought not to submit to quietly. Hestarted a fight against the companyand kept it up. The result has beenthat the Interstate Commerce Commission has made a general order forthe reduction of expess chargeswhich, it is estimated, will take fromthe profits of the various companies$26,000,000 a year.Chicago school teachers demandwage increase aggregating $1,000,000a year.LjK OH IInfant's feind Children's pumps and oxfordsin patent and tan, $1 values, sizes 2 to 7 M fhMark-down Price ""fi 5r CLadies' $3 values, all latest style pumps and oxfordsin velvets, satin, tan and gun metaland white, the very best values t1 (ACfemade. Mark-down Price . 0 B 5L 5rMisses' barefoot sandals, lill sizes. Now 49cLadies' $3.50 values, all popular leathers and fabrics, in pumps and oxfords, button 4 4and lace. Mark-down Price P H j yLadies $2 and $2.50 grades two-strap pumps and Ioxfords in velvet and gun metal.Mark- down Price 5r W ALadies' $2 pumps and oxfords in patent, gun metaland white pumps. )Mark-down PriceLadies' white canvas button shoes.Mark-down PriceOne lot small sizes ladies' oxfordsMark-down Priceo$f,1Matlack & Shropshire's unbeatable string of saddle and harnesshorses, are at Paris this week, takingin the Bourbon fair, where they expectto secure a big slice of the premiums. Hampton Bros., will not bringtheir jack stock.ADD STOCK ' '..As high as $15 .has been offeredfor the growing crop of tobacco in several of the counties of .the Blue Grass,but the growers are looking for a better price, as the crop will be short.The crop in Bourbon will see the knifewithin the next few days. In somesections cutting will begin the latterpart of this week.Mt. Sterling seems to be on thehustle to revive the old time fair and.racing. One of the best fairs in theEstate took place in July and now amove is on foot to hold fall trottingand pacing meeting, some time inSeptember. A party of enthusiastichoresmen are behind the move and ofcourse all adjoining counties will lendany aid possible in order to make it asuccess.MARSHALL WILL APPOINTDEMOCRATS AT OPPORTUNITY.With the laying off for the summer,while the distilleries arec losed, of,nearly all of the gaugers, storekeepersand storekeeper-gaugers in this internal revenue district, the Democratswho want to get into these places nowoccupied by Republicans, have takenon new hope.. As a result sixty-eightapplicants took the civil service examinations Saturday and Monday at Lexington in an effort to get on the eligible list.When a gauger or storekeeper islaid off duing the summer the collectorof the district has the right to eitherreasign them in the fall, when the distilleries reopen, or to employ 'otherpersons from the eligible list to theplaces. Collector of Internal RevenueBen Marshall frankly says he intendsto appoint a Democrat every time hegets a chance, and therefore there is arushe of the Democrats to get in theeligible list.NOTICE.City tax lists for theyear 1913 are now inmy hands for collection, at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.THE SLIT SKIRT BARRED.Several hundred young womenstenographers and clerks employedby a large manufacturing concern atNew Haven, Conn., received politenotes in their envelopes this week,with the warning that the slit skirts,the hobble and diaphanous skirt aernot to be tolerated. Each girl isasked to appear for work in businesslike and modest clothes.Wood pulp imports into the UnitedStates have grown from 112,500,000pounds in 1901 to 1,080,000,000 poundslast year, while British imports increased from 995,000,000 pounds to2,073,000,000 pounds..T.3tOBK1RMNOTES$1,491yyci50elHiSMMVfKSl1BURGLARS RAID CARLISLESTOE; BLOODHOUNDS CALLED.Following a series of burglaries thathave occurred in the neighboring townof Carlisle, the. hardware store ofJames Archdeacon & Son was enteredSunday night. The thieves made offwith a large quantity of cartridges,electric flash lights and knives. AnI effort was made to open the big safein thes tore, but failing in this they(took their departure.Capt. V. K. Millikin, of Lexington,was called to that city with his bloodhounds and made the trip through thiscity early Sunday morning in his automobile. Capt. Mullikin returned latein the afternoon after an unsuccessful attempt to trail the burglar. Thehound, however, took the 'trail nearthe store, following it for some distance where buggy tracks were foundwhich told how the burglars escaped.Burglaries have been very numerousin Carlisle in the past several weeksand in spite of the efforts of thepolice to apprehend the guilty partiesthey have so far evaded detection.From all reports it would seem thatthe work ist hat of amateurs.FOR SALE.Choice Fultz Seed Wheat, Seed Barley, Northern grown Seed Rye. AlsoTimothy Seed. Either phone 84.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT,(x) Paris, Ky.For Sale.One-horse trap. Will bes old at reasonable price. Apply to undersigned,(x) MISS KATE ALEXANDER.FOR SALE.Durock Jersey Boars. Choicelybred. Ready for service.SIDNEY G. CLAY,Cumberland phone 726. Paris, Ky. ,19-3tmmmmmmwmmm Kmrnmmm,If it isn't an - Eastman, i? isn't a Kodak.w TJttfeV... ..- .mWMKOPicture taking opens a new world of Entertainmentto the children,and they never tire of the fun.The Kodak puts this pleasure in tne hands of theyo'ung or old at small cost. Is- simple enough for achild to useavith good results so efficient the expertcannot exhaust it possibilities.Kodaks and Kodak Supplies of all kinds alwayson hand, and always new.Kodaks, $5.00 up.Brownies, $ ! .00 to $ 1 2.00.HEADQUARTERS FOR KODAK SUPPLIES.DAUGHERTY BROS.(00 YOUR BANKING WITH US - WE,' WIULHELP YOU TO KEEP YOUR. ACCOUNTS'STRAIGHTWe can ,help you in your money matters, becausehandling- money is our BUSINESS. Our bookkeepers will;keep your accounts straight. If you have a bank accountyou have areceit for every bill you pay. We can AD VISElyou, and will insure you courteous and earnest attention.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on 'Savinjs. -$DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS?Capitil, $100,000.00.if. MHH ALL, "pWcsioiNT.STATE SUES TO - .RECOVER LARGE-SUMThe Farmers Bank, a State Treasury Depository under the administration of State Auditor S. W. Hager, wassued at Frankfort yesterday by the.State of Kentucky "to collect $31,000paid out to Assistant Auditor Judge tCharles E. Booe, who wasconvictedof the offense and served a term in thepenitentiary.As a State deposftory the Farmers'Bank gave to the State a personalbond, amounting to several hundredthousands of dollars. Judge Booe,while Assistant Auditor, forged thenames of many persons to checks atthis bank, making a total of $31,000which, it is alleged in the petition,was not accounted for to the State.The law in this State provides thata bank is liable for the payment ofmoney on forged checks.Chemicals are more effective infighting mine fires than water.Day and Evening Classes. Open Sept. 1.yI. Ill, C. Il; SCHOOL7th and Walnut St?., Cincinnati. O.High-gracTe personal instruction, withpractical shop -work. Cutout and mailtoday for complete catalogue.Name .Address."J6lirf3Sf jCeTUSHELRpUSurplus, $43,000.00. .-ilCK, THOMAS. CASHICR"OAKna"-- " ' A