' sTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN" THE YEAH '-ifc h:fmW.TrVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1913.ER SALE OFSSSI"WE KNOW HOW?'' :;r. . fXl6"&!-. r? -Our ChristmasSpecial.8'Inch Cut Glass Bowl,Beautifully Cut . . .. .$1.50The kind you have been paying$2.00 or more for.HighGrade Cut Glass at lowprices.-s- z,f 9A lh Tha Facfapn nnapl$1.00With a $3.00 PurchaseBaby Bun ton Corn, 3 Cans 25cTomatoes, per can ,. 1 Oc&ugar Loaf Peas, per can '..1 5c and 20cStandard Peas, per can. . . - 1 OcI Pork and Beans, H cans for... -." .- .;...! 5cRolled Oats, new stock, 3 packages. 25 cNew Dried Peaches : 'lu ana i l-zcFancy Apricots, 2 lb. for , 35cFancy Sun Dried Apples, per lb , 8cLANCASTER FLOUR.25-lb Sack -v S '.8048-lb Sack 1.6098-lb Sack 3.10Save the difference by paying cash. SpecialPrices on quantity lots.T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234IM Both Phones 234I A HOLIDAY Mill Izmm-g&200 Phoenix MufflersRegular 50c Quality,Now At15cIn All Colors and Sizes.50 Boys' All Wool OvercoatsRegular $5.00 and $6.00 Qual-ity, all sizes, choiceSaturday's Average at Bour-Hon A7arahrmoo PpopriPQthe $12.77 Mar 3.HIGHEST PRICE IS $42. ,--Market Closed Until Afterthe Holidays Next SaleDecember 30.The banner tobacco sale of the season was held Saturday at the warehouse of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company, when a total of218,920 pounds of tobacco was soldfor $27,887.35, or an average of$12.77 per hundred. The marketwas the most active of the season.Throughout the consignments thecolory grades were much in evidenceas indicated by the crop averages andprices were higher than at any timesince the opening of the season.Prices ranged from $1.50 to $42.00,the latter being paid for a basketfrom the crop of Plummer & McClure. Baskets which sold for $20per hundred were plentiful and growers on the. whole were well pleasedwith the sale, not more than onehalf dozen baskets being rejectedduring the entire sale.The sale Saturday is a further demonstration that the Paris market isthe best in Central Kentucky, and thefact going broadcast is resulting inconsignments being received from allthe surrounding -cdunties. Will reopening of the sales after the holidays there will be a full floor of theweed to offer the buyers. The salewhich was scheduled for today wascalled off on account of an order being issued from Lexington that nobuyers would be furnished and it wasdecided that the next sale would beheld on Dec. 30.Up to and including the sale of Saturday a total of 1,331,165 pounds oftobacco had been disposed of for$164,927.16, or an average of $12.32.Up to the same date last year a totalof 515,700 pounds had been sold foran average of $12.23. Following arethe best crop averages of the saleSaturday .Plummor & McClure, 2,130 pounds,average $19.27.Mrs. D. Li. Robbms & Tarr, 2pounds, average $18.72.Clarke & Baker, 3,395 pounds, av-Houston & Thomas, 9,225 pounds,average ilS.CS. - ,Stewart & Trayley, 6,8311 po'unds,average lo.GS.Ardery & Offutt, 3,565 pounds, average $15.96.Clarke & Wells, 6,000 pounds, average, $15.81. 'Buckncr & Mack, 6,955 pounds, average, V0.14.i Wyatt & Thomas, 1,975 pounds, average $15.00.Roy Galloway, 1,980 pounds, average $14.81.C. M. Clay & Gray, 8,310 pounds,(average f 15.00.Payne and Lyne and Frazier, 1,935pounds, average $13.98.Downev & Rogers, 3,735 pounds, average $13.65.Wfright & Wright, 2,545 pounds,average $13.51.A. P. .dair, 2,315 pounds, $13.28.Marsh & Hitch, 2,930 ifoundb, average $13.15.Redmon & Crooks, 6,650 pounds, aerage $12.73.Weil t Corbin, 8,875 pounds, average $12.99.Ben Woodford & Son, 3,890 pounds,average c-11.54.F. A. Wallis, 3,410 pounds, average$11.82.J. F. Wasbon, 2,400 pounds, $11.70.Clay & Fox 3,550 pounds, average$12.10.Griffith & Blackerby, 2,355 pounds,average S 12.10.Clay & Ishmael, 9,175 pounds-, average $12 56.24P,When You Think About:CHRISTMASAND ARE UNDECIDED WHAT TO GIVEFATHER, BROTHER OR SWEETHEARTCOME TO OUR STORE. .and let us help you, as we know what the men want and .havebought our goods accordingly..4-'.JA Present Selected from the Following,'List will be Appreciated by theRecipient: ,Bath Robes and House Coats for Men, in Silks and BlanketCloths; Leather Hancf Bags, Leather Suit Cases, Pullman Slippersin Leather cases, Traveling Sets for Men, Silver Drinking Cups,Combination Sets of Hankerchiefs, Ties and Hose, Fur LinedGloves, Sealskin Caps, Linen Handkerchiefs in plain white andfancy borders. .-Jewelry of All Kinds, "including Guff Buttons, Stick Pins, Tie Clasps, all in fancy boxes.Silk Hose in all colors. Neckweai the handsomest line we haVe . vever shown from 50 cents to $3.00.Select His Christmas Present Now.BIMitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's Styles Paris, Kentuckyi"HChristmas Suggestions, iCHRISTMAS WHISKIES.nmtttinttmf)nottm8tfiBttttimtMittiOld Elk, Poindexter, Van Hook,Melwood, the best Christmas "whiskies T. F. BRANNON.ipWPBRfrrrFOR FATHER.Give father one of Mitchell & iBlakemore's silk house coats or one (of those Blanket Cloth Bath Robes. !(16-3t)ORDER NOW.Order your liquors for the holidays 9now. They will be delivered to any Jpart pf the city. , Iff(12-tf) BROWNER & JOHNSON.JhFPFFFFFFTHE CHRISTMAS RUSH IS NOWand we uge one and al, to visit our storeand inspect our wonderful variety ofGIFT GOODSPRICE AND QUALITY.FjOr the best quality and the bestprice on Christmas goodies, call onusJOHN SATJER.CUT FLOWERS.$3We call youi4 attention to ourChristmas ad. on another page-Fine fresh cut flowers for funerals,parties, weddings, etc., furnished onshort notice.(It) JO VARDEN.PAUL E. SHIPP TO BUILDA $5,000 HOUSELOVELY XMAS GIFTS-china:andlovely mBeautiful hand-paintedwater colored pictures makeXmas gifts. For sale by ,MRS. HATTIE H. HILL, 2East Eighth Street, 9(16-3t Home phone 379ISTERLING SILVER.Sterling silver novelties, new, vnoveland inifty, at Shire & Pith-9ian7s.CHRISTMAS WHISKIESThe Lexington Leader has the fol-1 : J. .. j ..-n rtv Dnvipinn 1luwmg tu nay ul u.u. c-v-ittiiaiau."Paul E. Shipp has bought of R.W. Rounsevall the attractive building lot on East Main street, in BellPlace, adjoining the property of E. L.Hutchinson, and will erect a handsome residence on the site at once.Mr. Shipp procured a permit from theDepartment of Public Works Fridayfor the erection of the new structure,which will be of brick, with stonefoundation and contain ten rooms.The approximate cost is given 1.1 thepermit at $5,000."wVan Hook, Tarr, Wigglesworthwhiskies, three year old, 100 proof, 9only $2.00 per gallon. Eight year oldSamClay in full qnart bottles, $1.00 1per quart. Nine year old Andersoncounty whiskey, the very best made.$1.00 per quart. Try our seven year Jold Van Hook whiskey, 100 proof,?3.00 per gallon. 5(12-4t) RATLIFF & REED. gSWEET GRASS BASKETS.-?jtfPRi6E&60.6!otniersand FurnishersWe have a most beautiful line ofsweet grass baskets. All sizes andshapes and colors. They make thenrpttipst work baskets you could get.I Also large stock of novel syles inNothing but the finest liquors for , -waste backets. Call in and see them,our holiday trade. Special attentonL (21-tf) PARTS BOOK STORE.THE VERYBEST.give to out of town customers.(12-tf) BROWNER &, JOHNSON.PRICE AND QUALITY.Our stock is superb our service complete andwe desire that you inspect arefully every article ofinterest. , vWe are displaying this year all that is newestand latest in the Jeweler's Art, and have combed,the markets carefully to select the cream of styles anddesigns.Especially large and varied is our stock of Dia- ,mond Mounted La Valliers and Bar Pins, in platinum and gold, also a beautiful line of Misses' LaValliers in solid gold to sell for from $5 to $8.5 U.We are especially strong on SterlingVanities, ;Card Cases and Mesh Bags, in plain, engravedand etched effects. Our Compartment Vanity Casesin Sterling Silver are the very latest in thin models. .BRACELET WATCHES are now in full siay and you -will findhere all the newest styles and effects in solid gold, filled and leathers,fitted Aith the best guaranteed movements in the market.We are now prepared to display our lineofjLADIES' HANDBAGS,-which include the very latest designs from the East made to conformwith the latest dress costumes. - ,We cordially invite one and all to call and inspect our Holidaystock. BUY EARLY and avoid the rush. Any article purchased now -aill be laid aside and held until Christmas at the desire of the purchaser. '- "The House of Quality"For JewelryShire C& Fithian. ,BUY AT HOME.J."4''&'k ;.- .. . gkr-jaf - Y-.yi ' . jPnrttas who look at cut glass inFor the best quality and the best funr-mnnti and Louisville come hereprice on Christmas goodies, call on an(j t,uv fr0mus. ,"us. ' -r - v - " . SUTLER'S, .' (x) I JOHN SATJER. 'Jr ,(l2-ttf)T '" Op'posite Court ' House.J& 3w5Jat sN sLrc n?j- NT5'F..i-., - . - .t4' ,vty'...-r-TJHE BOUftBQflEWS, PARIS, KY., DECEMBER 23 1913mNAged People' soMetimeg forget that poor teetk andimproper mastication prerent sufficient nourishment from ordinary food and burdem the-5f rfisrcfivp nmnR. tint, if PTfrv itsn MP TTfflniTl IHLStfifty would fully realize the bountiful, sustaining nourishment in Scott's Emulsion they would take it after every meaLScoffs Emulsion contains the renowned body-building fats ofpure cod liver oil, so, medically predigested that it distributes energy,power and strength all thru the body and simplifies the stomach's work.To people in declining years we say with unmistakable earnestnessScotfs Emulsion will add years to your life and life to your years.AVOID ALCOHOLIC SUBSTITUTES 13-33The Bourbon News; Established 188132 Years oftinouous Publication.Con-SWrFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Published Every Tuesday and FridayE. BUTLER & CO.A Business Proposition!One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Use the Home Phone Long DistanceFor all your Long Distance7.conversations. Eapidefficient service combined with reasonable rates.FIVE MINUTE initial period allowed on all calls topoints in Kentucky.Route your Long Distance Business via HOMELINES.IU Paris fiome telephone and Cekgrapn Co.(Incorporated)ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.BANDITSOF 2 EOutlaw, His ContemporariesScotfs Day and Ours.inRob Roy and Jessie James EfothMaurauders Had Their Friendsand Each Was Renowned forDeeds of Kindness.Why Women Have NervesThe "blues" anxietv sleeplessness nnd v-vincs of pain and dis-' tress are sent by the nerves like flying rv-bberitri throughout body andlimbs. Such feelings may or may not ie uccott.t ameu ny oacKacne or,headache or bearing down. The local disorders ana inflammation, if ther2is any, should be treated with Dr. Pierce's Lot:on Tablets. Then thenervous system and the entire womanly make-up feck the tonic effect of 4DR. PIERCE'SFAVORITE PRESCRIPTION 44$ Telephone No. 4.W:avs:JW m-. - . M. ,7&DOUroon LaunaryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Appearance of a Room.There is something very attractiveabout a room that does not alwayspresent the same appearance. Pictures should be changed when theyare not too valuable. Curtains arealso valuable in altering the appearance of a room. New cushions, tablecovers and other ornaments that areinexpensive may also be employed tobring about a change. A bouquet offlowers or a plant, each in its season,gives a pleasing change to a room.West 5 StreetPagan's Advice.Begin the morning by saying to thyself, I shall meet with the busy-body,the ungrateful, the arrogant, deceitful, envious, the unsocial. All thesethings happen to them by reason oftheir ignorance o what is good andevil. But, I who have seen the natureof good that it is beautiful, and of thebad that it is ugly, and the nature ofhim who does wrong that it is akinto me. I can neither be injured byany of them. Marcus Aurelius.si r eafe&eWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelanndry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes beck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want, as we liko toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris KentuckyPatent Leather Dressing,There is no method available tomake old patent leather look as wellwell as new. The following dressingwill improve the finish: Wax, 22parts; olive oil, 60 parts; oil of turpentine, 30 parts. Melt with gentleheat the wax in the olive oil and assoon as melted move from the fire.When nearly cold, stir in the turpentine.e--ms- -1iThe Best in the WorldThe Higgin All-MetatScreens,The Higgin All-MetalWeather Strip,Distributors of the Walger NewcTVtodel AwningiThe'Best Awning EverJPut UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris Massie" Hospital, A.J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others.Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied. .Screens bought now for futirre delivery are made atcents per square foot cherper.T. A. Hendricks,Sales AgentLexington, Ky.Provident, Pa.Mr. Rural Hamlet (to ministerialagent) "Do have some more of thecorn, Dr. Eighthly; it came out of ourown garden." Little Buttin Hamlet"Yes, 'n' the chicken came outer ourown garden, too. Pa said he bet thefolks next door would keep their hensat home after he caught a few more of'em." Judge.His Strong Belief.The intelligent talesman was beingexamined to pass on the jury in amurder trial. "Do you believe in capital punishment?'' inquired the attorney. "You bet I do," came the promptresponse. "I'm agin' the trusts, andI want to see halt of Wall street injail, where they belong."IWomen and Exercise.Most women, whether they be fleshyor thin, walk far too little. The woman who tends to be fleshy should" walkfor at least an hour every day, anddo it regularly and systematically. Asshe gets accustomed to the exerciseshe should increase the number ofmiles she walks a day until she is doing five miles.No Arbitrary Weight.In Great Britain the ton is 20 hundred weight of 112 pounds, that is2240 pounds avoirdupois. In theUnited States and Canada the common ton is 2000 pounds, the hundredweight being reckoned at 100 pounds.Stone and rock, like coal, are oftencalculated in "long ton" terms (2240pounds).Phone 258523-sept-tfMusic as Medicine.A reporter once asked Oscar Ham- Imeratem if he believed in the newtherapeutic idea that music was amedicine. "Believe in it? Of coursedo," the impressario replied. "Iknow at least three operas that area drug on the market, while as forpopular songs, there isn't one of themthat doesn't make me ill')GEO. W. EfAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOfi AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DA.1' 137; NIGHT 299.11 1 lift AND HIDESi WkW k, HIGHEST MARKET PRICE PAIDn B FOR RAW FURS AND HIDESmm Vflp V WmI en Ctmmlasion. Write for price, HWftWMMg IMS 88.JOHN WHITE &C0i lwisville,ky.JBjllP-ZWAkr5mW7ififimp;Even So."I maintain," pursued the opinionated man, "that a -woman ought to stayat home attending to the dinner.""You're wrong," persisted his equallyopinionated friend. "If Eve had beenout lecturing Instead of passingaround the fruit -we'd have beenBpared a mighty sight of trouble!"Record Oat Plant.A wonderful oat plant was exhibitedat a recent meeting of the farmers'union of New Zealand. It was an oatplant with 210 strong stems growingfrom it. The owner hopes to raisea new variety of a very prolific kind.New York. If we are not certainas to the date of the death of HobRoy, it may lighten our blushes to remember that Sir Walter Scott lookedon it as doubtful, says a writer inthe Living Church. Reports varied;the best authenticated traditionshowed that the daring McGregor hadoutlived his wildest deeds, and wemay take It for granted that he diedin the latter part of the decade between 1730 and 1740. Assuming that,we have some interesting comparisons to make. A man whose real lifewas as sensational as that of thefeudal mesB trooper, a chieftain wholevied blackmail on peaceful cattleraisers, who plundered his enemies,who long dreamed of upsetting Hanover and setting up' Stuart, a character half seventeenth century andhalf sixteenth was livlne durinc apart at least of George Washington'sInfancy. Franklin may have heardmany a story of him. Paul Jones mayhave sailed with men who had caughta glimpse of Rob Roy through coastand island traditions. vTake Rob Roy's awn strong personality and add what the genius ofScott has thrown around him, andhe is a fascinating "last of the Mohicans" type. Part of the ancient Scotland of claymore and coronach hadgone out with the civil wars of Cromwell's day, the revolution had cutshort many a life, the uprising of1715 had quenched some bold spirits,exiles had died heart broken in foreign courts and cloisters. Rob Roywas a link with the past. He frightened many who yet admired him,even as his estimable kinsman, BailieNichol Jarvie, did. But a few datesmay startle even some who have readScott's noble story half a dozentimes? and it Is well to think of somewho had come before Rob Roy hadgone.At the time the outlaw breathed hislast Joseph Butler had written theAnalogy, and George Berkeley waspast fifty. William Pitt had grown toman's estate. Edward Gibbon hadtrodden many a step on the road tolearning. Voltaire was In his forties.Adajn Smith and William Blackstonewere launched Into boyhood. Burke Jwas an active child. Buffon was aman of some years' standing. Elderlymen of scientific tastes looked backon royal society gatherings and on in- Jgenious hypotheses as the elderlymen among ourselves look back tothe Suez canal and the Pacific railroads. The death of Rdb Roy mayhave been exciting news to the ardent young John Wesley, who neverforgot his romantic loyalty to Maryqueen of Scots, and to young SamuelJohnson, who heaved many a sigh for! the luckless house of Stuart, hatmost of us would call the real advance of the eighteenth century hadwell started before the old freebooter .passed from the earth. After Rob !Roy's death, it is true, there was an- !other Jacobite flash, and some brave imen paid with their heads for the up-rising of '45, but the cool judges saw 'that the old Stuart times were at anend. No one after all has so clearlyshon us how impossible it all was iI as the novelist who admitted that itwas 60 years since.J Some day the fragments yet re-I maining of Jesse James' life will begarnered together by one wiio passes (over the transition stages of history. 'Robbers there have been, and will be, jbut few of the young people of todayunderstand how large aowned Jesse James as a sort ofbandit baron. Like Robin Hood andRob Roy he had devoted followers.Quiet farmers and merchants madeexcuses for Jesse James, not unlike 'those Bailie Nichol Jarvie made forthe McGregor. Stories about Jesse jJames kindness to the poor, his jgenerosity to his friends, his courage tand good humor were told in many a.tavern. There were vmany who, notfrom cowardice but from sympathy,would have held back evidence tending to convict the James boys, andwho would have given the accusedthe benefit of every possible doubt.Tf the reader can recall how RobRoy's arms were bound and how theguard let him escape just at the righttime he can form some idea of .theopen or secret friendship for the iJames boys by many of their con-1temporaries. jIt is almost tantalizing, that Rufus jChoate, who suggested the history ofNew England as material to bo treated after the manner of the Waverlynovels, did so little to forward thedesign. If Ave got at it, we shouldfind that the stock of romances of thedaring and the lawless, the wild andthe almost incredible is endless. Before starting ourselves at the idea ofRob Roy co-existing with Locke'sphilosophy and Berkeley's Ideals, let.us remember that Jesse James wasthe contemporary of Ralph WaldoEmerson and T. S. Arthur.when taken systematically and for any period of time. It is not a"cure-a!3,"but has given uniform satisfaction for over forty years, being designed forthe single Durpose of curing woman's peculiar ailments.Sold in liquid form or tablets fcydruggists or send 50 one-centstamps for a box of Di. Pierce'sFavorite Prescription Tablr.Ad'. Dr. R-V: Pierce, Buffalo, I i f .ESff5WF3P'3BI3BSaHiC jET'Vto woman ought to $8bSi TAe ,Oher fa R.V. Pierce. M.D. 1009txivc. It ansi&cn Questions cf .Teaches mother Jke Is care for tkmrchildren and thansches. As ike crtmr-1genctj doctor in iour otbh heme. Send ,J! one-cent stamtxt to Dr.Pkrceaaakooe. .WryiMgpwuuniLongfellow or I ennyson could take a worthless sheet of paper, write a poem on it and make itworth $50,000. That is GeniusJ: P. Morgan could have signed his name to achech and amke thej tlittle bit of paper worth$100,000,000. That is CapitalA mechanic can take material worth $5.00and make watch springs worth $1,000.That isISktHIf you buy "FOX RIDGE COAL" from DOBSON & DENTON That is Good SenseShow your good sense by taking up the matterNOW.Dodson DentonVThe Home ofGood CoalYards, SouthftMain St. BothPhones 1404ASK THE FARMERtwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland TeVephone works for him. He will reply:1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home '2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife, I3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases ProfitsI. Pays For Itself Over and OverJ "Seven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested andsendLto-day for booklet. - Z ;For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyrT.Incorporated.S-t-$5$5Ditto When ,Thcy Are Full., Scientists have discovered' that peo, pie tall in. lovewhen the inpon'is fulLDetroit Free Press. -v 'JThe American Visible TypewriterA GRKAT INNOVATION IX THE TYPEWRITER AND EDUCATIONAIWORLD.Ideal forborne Use or a Small Business CorrespondenceFor over twcntylwe have been mamifacturiiiir strictlv lnVh rrnf1 riiiratilterritory low-priced typewriters, aud this typewriter represents the results these years frv experience. The American Visible Tvniwritir cf-otirlc ti-w-lo,. nKni..i.. i --this field." TheJIdealJironieTypewriter. "IMPORTANT POINTS OF THE AMRRICSlM VISIBLE TYPEWRITER., '1st All writing is visible.2d It will handle a small private or business correspondence. - 43d So simple in construction that a child can operate it without an instructor.Full directions Avith each machine. '" "4th Finish handsome black enamel with gold lettering-, base.-jK3arcf'nia-hoganyfinished.5th Portability Weighs 2 lbs. Furnished- fn Leatheroid case 6LQk3 -6thInking is automatic. .7th Paper feed, line spacing, letter and Aord spacing is like the luW-priced.machines. Takes paper 9 1-2 inches wide. Will do everything but meet the requirements of a" heavy business correspondence.stn- leaciies joung people business and commercial formssistance in school work makes it interesting and attractive.ytn ihe letters are arranged like the standard keyboard machines Savesmuch of the time required at Business College in learning the use of hih-pricedmachines, i IT k 7ZI7: . " & " "lucninis macnine may be exchanged at anv time within aAmerican $50 Typewriter at special price of $30.11th Sent by parcels post prepaid upon receipt of s5AGENTS WANTED. " "Is of great aa-y earfor ' theDept LTHE E.GOLDBERG CO.,2026 West 22nd St., New VorkCelebrate Sixtieth Wedding Date.Preeport. N. Y. Mr. and MrsIsaac Van Riper, aged eighty-threeand eighty-two, respectively, celebrated their sixtieth wedding anniversary.The couple's. 20 grandchildren andseven great-grandchildren attended.The agfd couple danced together severaf t.fmoa. 1 "", . ,UUUIIU" - - W...W - - -One application soothes and heals a rousrhpimplyskin,and.whenrci)ea:ed.quicV.lveffectia cure. Eczema. Erysipelas. Tetter. Ulcers andal! skin diseases yield to its curative properties.wc a box. At an uruzxists.Send for t rre sample ami )ooV. "Health and Btantr."JOHNSTON, HOUOWAY&CO.,1T30 Spring Cardan St., Ptula.. Pa.rommiKfciWhen you feel tSSS?&vous, tired, -worried or despondent it is asure sign Qd need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forM6ttVNerverine Pills JgiSWILLIAMS MFG. CO. Prop.. Cleveland, OkWL. Obefdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMETAWll cure Blind, Btecdinj anl Itehlnjp Pfl"""Wl" 'v minors, aua.ys itcainjyat onacts as a poultice, gives mutant relief.For sale by all drujg:L,ts, mail 50c and,$lWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, 04L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.' 11fl, I!CANCER CURED f, '. ? TlJ I guarantee every case I un- 1dertake; 20 years practice; ref- J Merence, any citizen of Paris. MX DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky. v J k," $Mv'"fl . ! V - "--.k - iJ. ' -.wu.S-r-J B.'.."A ..ii..... ..- ,.; J-THE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 23, IftlS"v ,-- -MMMMMMM"MM-MMMMM"MMMMiMMMMM""MBMMaMM""MM""-MItcr lrVh(AftCurtis&OverbyBfjsiness. Men's Barber Shop,"(Next to Bourbon Bank)3t - CHAIRS - 3Expert Barbers,Polite AttentionHot and Cold ) Baths atHours -No Long Waits.A Share of the Publicronage Solicited.Pat-I!A TelephoneEvery FarmerDo yOU want one ?We will tell you how to get it at small cost.Fill out and return this coupon today.CUMBERLAND TEL. & TEL. CO.INCORPORATED.Piease send me yonr free booklet describing'your plan for farmers'telephone service at small cost.Name.4R. F. D. No.Town andAddressFARMERS' LINECumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyINCORPORATED.122 SOUTH PRYOR STREET, ATLANTA, GEORGIA.TO FHLLIf you are looking for a goodSuit or Overcoat'at reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, herejstheplaceto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Overcoats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we areoffering them as a special inducement for&12We also have a full line of Schloss Bros guaranteed-taif ore d Suits for $15 to $25. Emerson Shoes at $4nd $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von GalHats.Other lines of merchandise can be had at a price thatwill please your pocket-book.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. Wollstein, Proprietor.t Pans OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned fandReblockedJ:o your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40. .Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy,Troprietor.White Kid GlovesCleaned, short,' 10c; long 25cSFought to Death in Mine. .Half a mile underground, In a galierrota coal mine at Bethune, Prance,three miners, with their picks, sudden-Y attacked a fourth, against whomthey had a grudge. The man foughtdesperately, killing, one and wound-25 tnotJ?er before he himself wasKilled. Other miners sounded thealarm gong of the mine, and the murderers were arrested.Yea.As for language reforms, we personally are of the opinion that thereare too many commas in the Englishlanguage. -Chicago News.Savtc Immense Distances.The Panama, canal shortens the v?ater route between Liverpool and Vanoouvftr by 5JC6C miles.No Small Attentions Now."Marriage seems to have made adifferent man of Tom." "His wifesays it has made an indifferent manof him." Omaha Bee.forState.DEPARTMENTCleaning Co. ?fit m tof ssm rPURCHASERS198TOOK LOOK AT ROMEImpression of AmericansTour of Eternal City.onOn Banks of River Tiber Brief Resume of the Historical Sights ofAncient Capital Depicted inHumorous Vein.London. There is a large placedown In Italy between Naples andFlorence that Is known as the EternalCity. You may have heard of it. Itwas the place, you know, where Romulus and Remus; Julius Caesar, thevictim of the hlack hand plot; Nero,and some other famous persons usedto hang out, and which was oncesaved from some one because a bunchof geese cackled at the psychologicalmoment. Young Remus and his brother Romulus, it seems, started theplace and it has been eternal eversince, although a number of lowbrowsattacked it with armies and broke upgreat quantities of its statues andstatutes and tried to swipe it off themap in other ways. "But it bit itsthumb at all these agitators and stillmanages to worry along on the lireand centisimi it can wheedle out otcurious visitors. Hotel keepers havebecome its principal citizens.For many, many persons, who justlove antique things, go to see Romeevery year. Yes, that is the name ofthe place, if you haven't alreadyguessed it. If you want to do as theRomans do, you can call it Roma.The ruins are great stuff for thosewho like to investigate the civilization of the folks who lived at the timethat Uncle Remus drew a circle onthe map and called it Rome, and whenJulius Caesar flashed the news to aneager world that all Gaul is dividedinto three parts. You must rememberwhen he did that all the papers gotout "extras."We were in Pompeii one day and asoldier in the place that must havebeen the corner grocery of 'the Pompeiians, for it still seems to be thefavorite hang-out for soldiers, guidesand other unemployed persons, toldus that although these were prettyfair little ruins, if we wanted to seesome ruins that were ruins we shouldrun over to Rome for a few days. Wehad been out to the Blue Grotto theday before, and as we were still feeling rather blue from the experience,we decided to take a look at thitRome place and see if we couldn't getI cheered up a bit.So we caught a train that afternoon that happened to be going to theEternal City. We entered a firstclass compartment. The man whocollects the tickets came around aftera while and asked to see our billeti.He looked at them a moment and informed us in a grieved tone that theywere for the second class compartment. We assured .him politely thatthat was all right; that we shouldjust as soon stay where we were, aswe didn't like to change now that wewere all settled. And just to showhim that we had no hard feelings toward him we gave him a couple ofliie. He understood at once our aversion to making a change and lockedthe door of our compartment so thatwe shouldn't be disturbed. Those conductors are charming fellows.We arrived in Rome along aboutnine o'clock and took a carriage to ahotel. "In the Eternal City at last,"we murmured. Every one else wassaying the same thing in rapturoustones as he got into his carriage, sowe did likewise, thinking it was customary; it seems to be a popular remark. Just like every one pulls theold one about seeing Naples and dyingwhen he lands there.Early the next morning we startedout to see the Eternal City. We hadto admit that it was quite a place,and that the two famous 'brothersstarted something when they foundedthe city.. We strolled around to lookat the Tiber. We couldn't discoverwhy any one should look at the Tiber,but it seemed to be a popular pastime,so we joined the rest of them. RedBaedekers flashed in the sunlight asa long line of sightseers leaned onthe parapet of a bridgeand read whatthe book had to say about the Tiber.All we could recall about the streamwas that it used to be a favorite cemetery among the Romans. Whenevera person became obnoxious he wasthrown into the river. We concludedthat such an action was the height ofInsult. It was just like being throwninto an unpaved street on a rainyday."Isn't it lovely?" an enthusiasticyoung girl exclaimed, turning to me."Great," I replied. "Only it seemsto have a bad case of jaundice justnow. Perhaps this can be cured, however, so we can't hold it against thepoor river."MINISTER'S DOG RIDES IN CABEx-Premier Clemenceau Has to PayFares for His Mastiff in FrenchCapital:Pans. M. Clemenceau, the Frenchstatesman, owns a large and tiercemastiff, whose habit it is from timeto time to make long excursions intooutlying parts of Paris.When he is tired, the dog will pumpinto a horse cab and sit there growling and showing his teeth if the cabman attempts to remove him.Seeing the name and address of M.Clemenceau engraved on the dog's! brass collar, the cabman finally drivesi the dog home. In this way M. GleI menceau .has had several long- faresto pay,,9kSPI " ,''-. -Daily -.-.. -.1WsM: r.- Courier-Journal --IftfcSi AT : if.ife Half Price 1! ,' 'AivSisS&r"" ! 113 l Ik M'WtMizw 0 - DURING . !!lili --Wi" DECEMBERmm szSmSm January - .- ufeRjll,,aS3 I FEBRUARY ' N , ttera j ll"e Don Newsm Ol UM AJ& L IS S has made snecial arranoremenfc wKereKv the Dailv ! tCALUHETAnd it doesbetter work. Simply follow your customary method of preparation add a littlele'ss of Calumet thanwhen using ordinarybaking powder. Thenwatcli the result.Light, fluffy, and evenly raided :the bakingcomes from the ovenmore tempting, tastier,more wholesome.Calumet insures thebaking1 of an expert. Askvour errocer todav.Rirairacl ?.ZeSHighestAwardsWorld's PoreFood Ezposi-. tion, Chicago,Illinois.Paris Exposition, France,trcb.ieiZ.tlliVUl'.rfHH. oflfctL 'WTtl BIH'.KM I -rnkutMGiCHICAGOYoa don't ure isoner vrben voa bar dun or fcir-cataLiat powder. Don't lie muled. Euj Calumet. It'sBore economical more wbcleiorae pits bctt resoits.Calamet u far snperzer to soar Biik and soda.Products of Arkansas.Arkansas is first among the statesin the production of two minerals,bauxite and noyaculite, the former being the ore of aluminum and the latter the- source of the, larger part. ofthe oil-stones produced m the UnitedStates.CERTAINCURE FORNERVOUSDEBILITY.Tona Vita Overcomes the Trouble inA Few Weeks' Time,There is a remedy that is absolutely certain to build up those suffering from a run down condition.This remedy is considered the mostsuccessful medicine ever sold to thepublic in this country. It is calledTona Vita and it is fast becoming anational tonic, endorsed by physicians everywhere.If you are debilitated, tire easily,have little strength or ambition andare nervous and depressed, get bottleof Tona Vita at once. You will bedelighted to feel your old health andstrength returning in a few days'time. If you have lost flesh, noteyour weight before taking and thenget on the scales a week later. Youwill be astonished.Tona Vita is sold by Chas. E. Butler & Co. (adv)Happiness..You cannot stow the bulky furniture of the millionaire into a cottage,but you can sometimes stow morehappiness into the cottage than themillionaire can stow into his mansion.Happiness is absolutely independentof things.HEALS ITCHY ECZEMA.HOBSON'S OINTMENTDR.The constantly itching, t burning,sensation and other; disagreeableforms of eczema, tetter .salt rheum,and skin eruptions promptly curedby Dr. Hdbson's Eczema Ointment.Geo. W. Fitch, of Mendota, 111., says:"I purchased a box of Dr. Hobson'sEczema Ointment. Have had eczema ever since the civil war, havebeen treated by many doctors, butnone have given the benefit that onebox of Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment has." Every sufferer shouldtry it. We're so positive it will helpyou we guarantee it or money refunded. At all druggists or by mail.50 cents.Pfeifter Chemical CoJ, Philadelphia& St, Louis. t . (adv.)Bhas made special arrangement whereby the DailyCourier-Journal can be furnished one year for$3.00, six months $1 .75, by mail (Sunday not included) to r all patrons who will give their orders tous during the months named above. Better still,you can have the Daily Courier-Journal and theBourbon News" one year eachFor Only $4.75After February 28, 1914, the price of the DailyCourier-Journal alone is $6.00 a year. Take advantage of this special Bargain Offer at once andREDUCE THE HIGH COST NF LIVING.To Get Advantage of This Gut RateOrders Must Be Sent Us, Notto the Courier-Journal.L. 6c N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVETrains -A.rrrve ;PROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5:21 amLexington, . Ky., Daily 5:18 am.Cyn'thiana, ky., Daily Except S unda.y 7:35 asxMaysyillej Ky., Daily Except Sunday; 7:38 amRowland,, Ky., Daily Except Su ndaj 7: 45. aw.No.341342971040373123326259138385398Lexington, Ky., Daily; Except Suumumnau kj., iauy . y : uJS aw.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Su nday T 10:20 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10:15 aaLCincinnati, O., Daily . ... 10:24 anLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:00 toCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 3:10 piaMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:15 pakLexington, Ky., Daily 3:33 pmKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:30 pm.Maysville, Ky., " Dayy r 5:35 piCincinnati, O., DaHx Except Sunday 5i50pmLexington, . Ky., Daily r 6:18 ifiha32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily.31 Cincinnati, O., DailyTrains IDe-petrtNo. TO j34 Cincinnati, O., Daily 5:28'am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:35 amx:7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:47 ami40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday -. .. 7:50 axx10 Maysville, Ky., D'aily Except Sunday - 7: 50 aax29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9:43 aas.37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily . 9:45 aiv33 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily .V. . 10:29 ais.133 Lexington, Ky., Daily : . . . 10:27 asi.6 Maysville, Ky., Daily , 12:05 paii26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .- . . 12:04 am13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . ? 3:33 pn38 Cincinnati, O., Daily '.. 3:40 pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:55 p39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:58 pia32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6:2Spio.8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 6:25 pv30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. ." ... 6:40 i&31 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:5S psa131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:57pmTrains .ArriveFROM -Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:40 an:Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday r . . . . 5:50 pil-Trains Depart!' TOFrankkfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8:30 aai.Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:25 poiNo.24No.13Pearl Fisheries Played Out.The pearl fisheries of Ceylon areIn the Gulf of Mannar, near the extreme northwest corner of the island,and the banks most famous in timespast lie close to the shore near aplace- called Manchchukkaddi. Since1907 the banks have not been productive.J-OCT. 19, 1913nday 7:42 ateI 6:23 pit.10:50 pmOh!"Therese changes""stantly." "That's b. ,to her mind, piobably.Came Off."Hew do you know jshe powtktfand paints?" 4iI had on. a idanc:whr'j that, day."tlwf M";4Tvt': "j.3L.-'k--ru'tt7.i&'s9'r'T?r8Tsvi ,JVmrmrn"tS-'' V"THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, ,KY., DECEMBER 23,. 1913" "," . t ? 'LIAit1,1.J'irtHiBEAUTIFUL TRIBUTE PAID jTO MRS. J. C. CANTRILL.IIDaisy Pitzhugh Ayers, of Washing-Iom, D. C, prominent in the field ofjournalism, pays the following brilliant tribute to Mrs. J. C. Cantrill,deceased wife of the Congressmanfrom the Seventh Kentucky district:"Xne Kentucky colony in Washington and all fh'e myriad other friendsof that exceptionally winsome woman,Mrs. James Campbell Cantrill, wifeof the Congressman from the Seventh District, are grieving at herdeath. The blow is a shock to theSeathern coterie here, of which shewas such an inspiration and an ornament-All through last winter andlate into the spring, Mrs. Cantrill,beautiful, sympathetic, animated, wasa vivid, whole-souled factor in sociallife." No one suspected that the mortal putting out of this sweet woman'hood was so near at hand."The writer left her, with a heavyheart, in Asheville, in August. Thedear patient was more radiant thanever, her intellectual hold on life andlove and all the beautiful things itmeant to her, more vital. She laylike a slender rosebud amidst herpillows.encased in pink, her flushedcheeks, fatally fair, fanned by thebalsam-scented, mountain breezes.Her big brown eyes glowed brilliantlytoo brilliantly. Her earthlybeauty had borrowed from the celestial. But the old, brave spirit wasundaunted. 'I'm going home in September, anyhow,' she eagerly proclaimed. ' You must be sure to comelo see me when you come to Kentucky,' bright and hospitable to theend."Close and sacred was the affectionbetween Carrie Payne- Cantrill andher idolizing husband. Their honeymoon had never waned."Thousands of hands go out in afellowship of sorrow to this bereavedgood man who has lost so much, and"to the young. son who was his mother's pride."PAROLED CONVICT AGAIN INJAIL' FOR STEALING -TURKEYS."Loss Holman, a paroled convict,was arrested yesterday on the chargeof stealing turkeys from GeorgeBramel and is in jail awaiting trial.Holman was taken into custody yesterday morning by Deputy Sheriffs J.O. Marshall and W. P. Talbott. Holman, it is alleged had the turkeys concealed atid was awaiting the arrivalof a dealer from this city, who it issaid had contracted with him severaldays ago for the purchase of thefowls. Holman represented that helived on a farm on the Hume & Bedford pike, and was awaiting" the arrival of the Paris dealer when his actions aroused suspicions and prompted an investigation which revealed a' X - 1- si j-k 4- WT--tvTr inn sai Ta1 t O S11ijj.UJJJ.Ucl KJL CU.lli.Cjro v-uuicaiou xxx c. vu-tert. About six months ago he wasparoled from the Frankfort prison,where he was serving a sentence fora similar offense, being sent up fromthis county.'WUNDERHOSE."J. D. Burnaugh, Main, near 14th"Wunderhose." (x)LADY'S DESK FOR $5Have that desk set aside for Christmas. A. P. WHEELER & CO...PAYS $28,00, FOR SHELBYCOUNTY FARM.J. H. Maddox, of Shelby County,I sold Saturday to Frank P. Clay, Jr., ofBourbon, a farm of 200 acres, knownas the Crapster place, six miles fromShelby ville, on the Louisville and Interurban line, at $140 an acre. Possession will be given March 1. Mr.Clay recently sold his farm in Bourbon to Mr. Stanhope Wiedemann, atthe highest price per acre ever paidI for land in this county. . Mr. Clay,with his family, will locate in ShelbyCounty.SEE BUTLERA thousand useful Christmas presents at BUTLER'Sr (12-tf) Opposite Court House.NICE AND SENSIBLE PRESENTSBILL BOARD IN PARISCARRIES "UPLIFT" PICTURE.Paris citizens are interested in thefine lithograph production of the birthof Christ, on the bill board at the corjner of Main and Seventh streets,although very few knew what its appearance 'meant. They are beingposted all over the country.The lithographs were printed bythe American Lithographic Companyfree of cost and were posted by theNational Billposters' Associationthe result of an "uplift" movementterested at this time.Later lithographs depicting sc nesin the life of General U. S. Grantwill be posted. The picture has at--tractedmuch favorable comment.A footnote to it says: "Ask your Sunday school teacher to tell youaboutthis picure."Pull line of ladies' and men's houseUppers. Nothing nicer for a Christmas gift.x(x) GEO. McWILLIAMSSAVE MONEY.When you buy why not buy thebest especially if it does not costany more? We are talking aboutMcDougall Kitchen Cabinets, the kindthat saves the steps.J. T. HINTON.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnaiti Enquirer.)A man Hikes to say that he despisesflattery. But he is a cheerful liar.When a fool man sees a new babyfor th e first time and is too bashful to admit that it looks like a monkey, he can always get out of it gracefully by saying it has a fine head.ISDRY GOODO, NOTIONS.WHITE EfSAMONDS.Finest white 2 i amonds only, that defy competition. Calland be convinced.SHIRE & FITHIAN.J. D. Burnaugh, Main, near 14thDry Goods and Notions. (x)FOR THE LADIESLadies' Silk Hose and Ladies'(rlnves at. "Mitchell -. "Rlnkf-more's.I (16-3t)SantaGlausumuiiiii,.MANY DESIGNS.-$Iany rich designs in cut glasstumblers from. 50 cents up.' BUTLER'S,(12-tf) Opposite Court House.ORANGES BY THE BOX. ,Call early and get the size youwant.( x ) C- P. COOK & CO.FINE WHISKIES.Sam Clay, Van Hook, Poindexterwhiskies, eight years old, $1 perquart at Ed Slattery's. (x)$1 PER QUART.Tk Wl CHAD VUt CHAD DAvIlllUdC TT 11U JUVl JLttllJ OllUI DCMEspecially Those Who do their Shopping With Us.Bring Us the (Hash and See What we will SaveYou on Your Goodies for ChristmasTfTry a quart of eight year old SamClay, $1 per quart, at Ed. Slattery's.(x)-sTURKEYS.Givev us you order and know thatyou will have one ready.( x ) C. P. COOK & CO.V - HWE CAN SAVE YOU MONEY.Before buying for Christmas, callor phono us. We have everyhing tomake a good Christmas dinner.LENIHAN'SCash Grocery,. ( x ) ' Both phones 234.LATEST FICTION.We have a most complete stock ofthe latest novels ever brought toParis. All standard books and by thebest authors.(28-tf) ' PARIS BOOK STORE.LION BEER.IIIIIIOur stock this year for the Holiday trade is unusuallylarge. The finest that can be bought in the followingOranges Lemons Grape Fruit Bananas ApplesCelery Lettuce Cranberries Malaga Grapes CitronLemon Peel Orange Peel Seeded Raisins Currants Shelled NutsDates Figs Candies Etc. Etc.SPECIALS DURING HOLIDAYCALIFORNIA FRUITS PEACHESCling; in heavy sugar syrup; No.2 1-2 cans; b dozen $2.75;canPEACHES Sliced; lancy afruit; in pure sugar syrup; No. 2 1-2cans; dozen $2.75, a canLemon23c23cKIDNEY BEANS 2 pound can3 cansforPEAS AND BEANS-3 pound cans15c can, 2 cans nfor25c25cMONIBAK COFFEE-3 cansforPHOENIX HOTEIv CUPCOFFEE 3 cansfor '.$1.00$1.00Lion Beer is the best on the market Order a case for Christmas.Try three bottles and if this brand isnot satisfactory return the remainingbottles and money will be refunded.T. F. BRANNON.1; "YES THEY ARE.McDougall Kitchen Cabinets arethe cabinets you want. See window.J. T. HINTON.NOVELTIES.Latest styles inbracelet watches,Santoirs and handbaers at Shire & Fithian's. ATTENTION, SHOPPERS!While doing your Christmas shopping call at my store and you will findsome very pretty and useful presents.I have the largest and most beautifulline of hair goods in Central Kentucky all styles and prices. I manufacture your hair in any style youwant. Many novelties, etc., too numerous to mention. Best guaranteedhair restorer in the world.(x) MRS. M. A. PATON.ISOAP-SOAP-for....-PURE WHITE LAUNDRY-7 .bars25cTOILET SOAP Glycerine. ButterMilk, Wichazle, Etc.,bars for . ,CORN FLAKES v2 packagesfor v wLIGHTHOUSE CLEANSER Equalto any 10c cleanser;6 cans forTOMATOES Whole packed, large.No. 3 cahs, dozen $1.15;canPEAS Fancy June Wisconsinpack, dozen $1.10; .canCORN Good grade, Sweet Corn,dozen $1.00canvBEETS Extra fine midget' Beets,excellent for salad, dozed 1.70,can . .-. .-CALIFORNIA ASPARAGUS-per can15cSTAPLE AND FANCY GROCERIES BETTERand a Little Cheaper -than Our Competitors.Ig jrn f"C Dressed Fowls, Country and City Hams, Bacon,1 I lloCll-. Lard, sold as cheap as any legitimate dealer.Q ja ' L JC South Main Street,mvotunynuiii ix juuiutuitj Paris, KentuckyISUITABLE HOLIDAY GIFTSSANTA CLAUS' HEADQUARTERSElegant line of novelties just received. Most suitable gifts. Musicrolls, leatner bridge sets, hasty notepads in" leather, just the thing to slipin your traveling bag: Crane's handsome box paper,(x)PARIS BOOK CO.DELICIOUS FRUITS.Call and ee us for your Christmascandy delicious fruits and otherholiday supplies.,(x) J. E. CRAVEN.As usual our store will be SantaClaus' headquarters this year thesame as in years past, only on a larger scale. Great bargains in toys,games, candies, nuts, fruits, etc., Suitaable gifts for the little ones, suchj as velocipedes, Irish Mails, roller andj ice skates, wagons, drums, guns, fireI works, fancy baskets, magic lanterns,in fact, everything that is calculatedI to please the children. Bring thej cash and we will save you money on.your holiday purchases,r i- n t a inw p.SMlAMERKJAKI RED 'CROSS uSmSMrlQggbCst 5&ttciAuSdMilh&jLfjgvrzrAst tzz -JCNI -J IQI 1?2?i-r r7.rKJ&Z&MERRY CHRISTMAS'-r1-(5-5t)LAVIN & CONNELL.ORANGES.Any price from 15 cents to 50 centsper dozen.( x ) C. P. COOK & CO.Its is hard to please men. One ofthem will get drunk because a girl .wouldn't marry him and another willget drunk because a girl did marryhim-.Red Cross Stamps are on sale -at,the following places:Lavin & Connell.A. J. Winters & Co.Miss Jessie Brown.Bruce Holladay. -iC- P. Cook & Co.Price & Co.tft-m-mmmBAAAAAAAAAttAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASAAAAAAAAAAAttAttAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAJfeAAAAAAc r Lffic9mzwBigSpecialSale:OFSuits, Cloaks, Dresses, Skirts, Rain Coats, Furs!Owing to the-protracted warm weather and the backward Winter season, we find our stock ofr eady-to-wear garments entirely'too large" for thistime of the year. Our LOSS Your Gain. Look over these prices. All goods marked- in plain figures. Every garment .marked withoriginal price and reductions made as below. All garments CASH, or if you have a regular aocount same will be charged on bill payable Januaryt, 1914. Sale Begins Tuesday, December 9,SUITS$35.00 Grade, now .'...$ 1 9.7525.00 Grade, now , 1 6.7520.00 Grade, now 1 3.75Stout Ladies' Suits,Made Special, all sizes435.00 Grade, now $24.7525.00 Grade, now 1 6.7532.50 Grade, now 1 5.00Bestyette Rain Capes, including Book SatchelSpecial at $2.65 EachLADIES' CLOAKS$25.00 Grades, now . ;..-.$ 1 S.7520.00 Grades, now 1 4,7515.00 Grades, now 11 .75Special Values &a Cloaks at$5.00, $7.50, $8.75, $10.00Ratine and Serge Dresses, sold formerly at $10 to $1 5Choice, Only $7.75All-Wool Dresses, sold formerly up to $8.75, now. $4.5EXTRA SPECIAL1 0 Beautiful Dresses, veryjlatest Styles and made ofWool and Silk Crepes. Sold formerly at$20.00. and $25.00 eachSpecial at $12.75CHILDREN'S COASTS$10.00 Coats, now !....-.$7.757.50 Coats, now 5.656.00 Coats, now 4.75- 5.00 Coats, now : 3,95FURS--Any Fur Set, Muff or Scarf at Reduced Price Evening Dresses, Rain Coats and Separate SkirtsIncluded in this Big Sale.Millinery Plain Mats, $1.00 Each; Trimmed Mats $1.95 to $4.95 Each.See Our Big Display for Christmas--Presents Suitable for the Whole FamilyToy Department Upstairs' Over Main Streetzwfv7'tjfC-.'"'Jtr-. V -.4, . S j ,-. Jj, -. ?,21 ?THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 23 j A 91-O3 -pyCHRISTMAS A TIME OF AGONY, WEEKLY COURIERrJOURNAL TO. SAYS PREACHEK- BE MERGED INTO MONTHLY.-"j.""" 575T v-rlJ-i HiLi "-w-o.Dr Robert Watson, pastor of the (Courier-Journal Editorial, Dec. 17)Church of the Covenant, at Cincinnati With the issue of the Weekly Cou-defended criticisms of modern Christ- rier-Journal of December 31, 1913,mas celebrations and modern philan- tthat publication will be ihen mergedthropy, .made by him before he Har- into a monthly paper, to he calledriet Taylor Union Study Club, at the "Farm and Family," the first num-Sin&ii .Hotel. ber of which will appear about the"The scarlet of the Christmas holly middle of January. The day of the5b truly a fit color for this time of political weekly has passed, but there-Teat joy," said Dr. Watson. 'is, unquestionably, a demand in Ken" "The bright red of Yuietide trim-, tucky, the South and Southwest formings means the very hearthlood of an up-to-date magazine embracing allof thousands of tired salesgirls, who matters of interest to the farm andalmbst faint at their tasks in the the family. "Farm and Family" willcrowded stores. unnsuntu aa we uo a, iuum;a.u.cn aevoiea to agricul-celebrate it, means 3. time of agonyand sorrow, instead ot joy; it meansmany rush days and many sleeplessnights for thousands of weary menand women toilers. It would be bet--ternever to celebrate Christmas at.all than to have it mean the sorrowthat it does in this age of so called'scientific charity.'"I do not believe in scientific charit any more than any more thanl doin the giving baskets to the poor, andletting them starve the rest of thevear."When a man asks, say, for a coat,the 'case' should not be pigeon-holedand his family questioned. He is abrother, if he is poor, and he shouldne helped without question. If one'sown blood broher asks for a coat youwould 'investigate. We are all brothers and sisters. Certain ones of usshould not be set apart to questionand 'investigate' others. If I wasMayor of Cincinnati I would never allow a beggar on the streets, even ifhe disguised as 'Santa Claus.' SuchPegging hurts two persons the manwho stands beside the 'pot,' seeingthe money thrown carelessly in, andthe man who gives a coin and thinksthat he is freed from further responsibility of helping his fellow-creaturesFOREST NOTES.The forest product labatory at Madison, Wisconsin, has made 4,000 testeon the strength of American wooo.The gathering and. selling of acornsis a new industry in Arkansas, to supply Eastern nuresry firms with mateTial for forest planting.Thirty different wood preservativesare in commercial use in the UnitedStates; many of them utilize creosoteof one sort or another; others requirechemical salts.Last year the forest service distributed 116,000 basket willow- cuttings; 15,000 to forest schools, 20,000to agricultural experiment stationsand 81,000 to individuals.More than 800,000 horsepower has"been developed from streams on national forests under government regulations. This represents the outputunder directions of lowest streamflow.Florida buttonwood, a tree confinedlargely to the keys along the Southioast, is very highly prized for use incooking on ship's galleys. It burnsslowly with an oven neat anu uiuoture, education, good roads and thefamily, and it will cover these subjects as ably and completely as amodern organization equipped withevery means of gathering informationand intelligently editing same canpossibly do. Mechanically it will'have every facility known to moderninvention. The editor will be Mr.James Speed, well and widely knownin connection with the movement forbetterment in agricultural and educational circles in Kentucky and theSouth.Naturally the magazine will havethose departments which are usuallyseen in rural magazines; but therewill be others which have beengreatly overlooked. For instance, itwill be the policy of "Farm and Family" to devote some space in eachissue to the Rural Schools. Therewill be no effort to theorize or discuss the school question from a teacher's standpoint; but simply to learnwhere in the Southland there is aschool that is really doing things thatare of vital importance to the community and give the story to thereaders.The evolution of the Weekly Courier-Journalinto "Farm and Family"is in accord with the progressive development of the times. Twentyyears ago the farmer depended onhis weekly edition of the city dailyfor the news of the world. But today he is not content to wait a weekfor iis news of the world any morethan his easy going neighbor, recorded by Josh Billings, is content;to sit and wait for the cow to back upto be milked. Better roads, bettertransportation facilities, rural free delivery, to say nothing of other conditions which are revolutionizing thecountry Ife, have changed all that.The modern farmer is fast coming todemand his daily newspaper, and therapid extension and improvement ofthe postal service have made it possible to satisfy that demand. Havinghis daily newspaper, he no longerneeds a political weekly, but he doesneed a medium of information andstimulation, more specialized than hisdaily can give him, within he linesof his own vocaion and environment,through which he may keep abreastwith all that intelligent effort is doing in improving agricultural methodsand results and bettering the socialconditions of rural life. He does needa medium through which he maylearn all that is to be learned forthe promotion of good farming, goodXMAS SHOBEGAN SATURDAnd Will Run the 1PILINGAY, DECSALEEMof Beeember.Ft G,So many people have startecj the hide-away. We a&ways have a place to put your buying andwiSJ deliver when you sey the word. N EVERYTHING NARKED SN PLAIN FIGURESDURING OURXMAS SALE.$frDining RoomFurnitureWill Please thehome.A Set of China. .A China Closet.A Sewing Table.A Buffet.X:Ladies Desk2 Shaving Stand.A BrassCosjumer.An OakCostumer.A LeatherRocker.Library Tabje.Brass Bed.imt little smoke or ash.rn,t-vr tntpci have .nublished renorts of their wood-using industries. I roads, good schools and contented. - j- i;. io Koin.T 'ihomp.s. Snoh a medium "Fnrm nndA gooa graue oj. ecwwi & omade from flre-killed Alpine fir andEngelmann spruce in. Colorado.It is predicted that Western yellowpine will furnish an excellent sourceof turpentine as the Southern pme becomes exhausted.While there are five hemlocks inthe United States, only two are ofany commercial importance, common"hemlock and Western hemlock. Or-these two the Western hemlocks-i,r. Tio Viottpr lumber.The Philippine bureau of forestry Louisville Kyaises launch for service Detweeuislands. The U. S. forest service employs several, both on inland lakesand in salt water, in Alaska andTlorida. . , .Trunk manufacturers m Colorado;are abandoning the usual basswood-and cottonwood for the trunk box,md are turning to Engelmann spruce,'Avhich combines lightness, strength.and ease of working.homes. Such a medium "Farm andFamily" proposes to be.It seems that the time is ripe andready for the launching of a magazine which will give to the farmer,his wife and his children a new ideaof the education which goes beyondtne scuooi out into everyaay life anamakes it amply worth while."Farm and Family" will be published by the Courier-Journal Company,Louisville, in its modern printingplant at Third and Green streets,The initial numberwill contain 24 or more quartopages, and the price will be 25 centsa year.To fill out the unexpired subscriptions of present paid-in-advanceWeekly readers, the Saturday issueof the Daily Courier-Journal will besent, in addition to "Farm and Family."toDuring Our Xmas Sale Will Be a Great Saving For You.oo,ushTheButton-andResr A MOITiS CilflifWITHIN REACH.Hand-painted china within reach otthe smallest purse.BUTLER'S,(12-jtf)- Opposite Court House.- Another blow at Congressmen's-privileges is pending. The Democrat economy experts plan to abolishSree telegrams for the members..EIGHT YEAR OLDgp$$fcAof Every SizeDuring Our Xmas SaleA Davenport.Davino.Partor Suite.BisseSI Sweeper.DomesHcSweeper.RUGS Of EVERYSIZE DURINGOURXMAS SALE.KTocfcyjjf21 Gas Heateror...A Gas Rangewill make a Useful Gift,or a Kitchen Cabinet, aswe lead them all with theKitchen CabinetTO SHOW YOU.A.S Main StreetThe Happy Home Makers1 Wheeler Furniture Co.CHAS. GREEN, Mgr. Opp. CourthouseHORSE MEAT IN BERLIN.Demand is So Great ThatSlaughterhouse IsPlanned-NewPlace vour order earlj' will Ed Slat-tery for" the finest tfines and whis' Ivies in Paris. (x)J T ATE WIDE SALE A10OF CHRISTMAS SEALSAlmost 2,000 agents have been appointed for the sale of the 2,000,000J Hed Cross Christmas seals for dictriImtion in almot all the towns of theState. Ninety per cent of the fundsraised will be used in anti-tuberculosiswork in Kentucky.In Paducah, the funds will be usedTnr. tho maintenance of the Jackson' Hill Sanitorium. In Louisville, theLouisville Anti-Tuberculosis Association, will administer tne receipt iuithe support of their own work. InOwenstooro, Frankfort, Lexington andCoyington, the proceeds will be usedlor the support of visiting nursingorganizations. In Henderson, theconsumptive poor will receive reliefin food or clothing. In Mason andNicholas counties, the proceeds will- go to the support of residents ofthese counties at Hazlewood Sanato-rium. In Winchester, Paris, George-v town, Danville, and probablynfhar nlaoes. visitinff nursesThe Taegliche Rundschau saysthat as one consequence of the continued rise in meat prices in Berlin aspecial municipal slaughterhouse forhorses will shortly be etablished inBerlin.An extraordinary story circulated jby the Deutsche Orientkorrspondenz jfrom St Petersburg declares that aRussian knacker who previously buried the bodies of old horses slaughtered at Reval and Dorpat for theirhides has recently been making bigprofit by pickling liis horse meat andimporting it for food into Germany.The story meets with considerable increduality, as such importation shouldbe impossible under the German regulations, but the BeilLier Tageblattdemands an inquiry.The official figures recently published by the Norddeusche Allgemeine Zeitung showed a considerableincrease in the consumption of horsemeat.rtiitMMiteHelpful Hints for Christmas Shoppers.-Is it for HIM ? Then the question isEasily Settled. Come toPRICE & CO., MmCHRISTMAS WINES.Call on Ed. Slattery for your Christmas wines. ( x )AMERICAN RELINQUISHESINTEREST IN WESTERN UNIONAccording to an announcement byAttorney General McReynolds, theAmerican Telephone and TelegraphCompany has agreed to give up itsinterest '.in the Western Union Tele-ih graph Company and to reorganizewill its business to conform with the de--probably be employed tor tne nrsv partmenxs interpretation ol ne onertime to co-operate with the Kentucky man anti-trust law. The agreementTuberculosis Commission. The rest which is approved oy .rresiaent wnof the funds will be taken in trust byofHhe work in various places, eitherthrough organization of visiting nursing association, or the establishmentof ".open air schools, or in other ways.CHRISTMAS WHISKIESFor you Christmas whiskies, wines,tc., try Ed. ,-Slatterys;jw64il IXjnr quartson, also includes the granting of theuse of the Bell long-distance lines tosubcribers of independent companies.A Pennsylvania man, who wasrejected by the medical examiners,has just celebrated the fifty-secondanniversary of his wedding. Stillthe doctors may have been rightf,0f Aifrnf after all.- it ne nau gone to -war ue( x). .might have died-,,,.. , , ,r, r.on aaMens suits ana uvercoats $iu.uu xo ?ou.uuYoung Men's Suits and Overcoats 10.00 io 30.00 'Boys' Suits and Overcoats 2.50 to 12.50Men's Shirts, Neg. and Pleitedbosom 50 to 2.00Men's Flannel Shirts 1.00 to 2.50Boys' Negligee Shirts ...... .50 to 1 00Boys' Flannel Shirts. 1.00 to 2.50Boys' Blouse Waists. 50 to 1.00Men's Hats 1.00 to 5.00Boys' Hats .: .50 -to 2.00Men's and Boys' Fancy Cass. Caps .50 to 2.00Men 's Fur Caps '....:........ 2. 00 to 6. 00Boys' Fur Caps 1.00 to. l.oOMen's Fur Gloves ....., 3.00 to 5.00Gloves for Men in Work, Silk Lined andKid 25 to 2,50Boys Gloves '...." 25c, 50c,' 75c,' $1.00A Nice Line of Cuff Buttons, Tie Clasps, Stick and Pins.Silk Neckwear, one in nice box 25c, 50c, SI, $1.50Combination Sets Tie and Sox to match 50c, $1, $1.50it,4Combination Sets Tie, Sox and Handkerchief 1, $1.50Combination Sets Suspenders $1, 51.50Combination Sets Garters andJArm Bands 50cWhite'. Initial Handkerchief, 6Jin a nicelbox..50c, 75c, $1.50White Initial Handkerchief, 4 ina nice box $1.00Plain White Handkerchief 10c, 15c, 25c, 50cThe'genuine Silk Bandana Handkerchief $1.00White and Fancy Silk Handkerchief .. .-25c, 50c75c, $1.00Men's Cotton Sox in all colors 10c, 15c, 25cMen's Fancy Silk Sox 50cMen's Phoenix Silk Sox.. .v. 50cMen's Hole-proof Sox, 6 in a box, guaranteed $1.50Men's Silk Hole-proof Sox, 3 in a box, guaranteed.. $2,00Phoenix Mufflers in all colors 50c to $5.00 .Men's' Umbrellas '. $1.00 to $3.50Suspenders for Men and Boys. .1' : . 25e and 50cMen's Coat.Sweatersr. " $L00 to $8.Q0Boy's Coat Sweaters $1.00 to $2.00Men's and Boy's Bain Coats $3.00 to $25.00,vnii ad uin nnuc Aim un tdhiidi c m cunuj nnnncI IUU nllL liLLUUITIL nilU ilU IIIUUULL Ivy U!U(I1 yUUUU-Goods Marked inPlain Figures.mii:fVAj-v..--io.MM&iMMririfeiNflMN, 1HE BOURBOJiJNfcWS, PARIS, KfiNTCKY, DECEMBER 23, 1913STf -k!Hif1i 1rkBfiFOR THE CHILDREN.AM kiads of games and books .forchildren. Buy your Santa Clausr lie little ones from us.38-tf) PARIS BOOK STORE,CORN BOY$ PROVEGOOD "DRY" FARMERSAT REASONABLE PRICES.Richest American cut glass at mostreasonable prices.BUTLER'S, v(12-tf) - Opposite CourL House.OLDEST FREE MASON INUNITED STATES DIESTHFATRIGALIKENTUCKIANS SUY"Everywoman" at Lexington. 'The dramatic spectacle, "Every-A CHICAGO HOTELI MAY LOSE TEETH FROMUSING .GASOLINE IN MOUTHDap Franks, a well-known farmerof Scott county, mayv lose all hisTke fee to the Union Hotel andRestaurant property at 66-72 "estRandolph street, in -Chicago, has been teeth as the result of holding a mouth-purchased by A. J. Alexander and ful of gasoline for several minutes.Kenneth Alexander and Mrs.Lucy A. Franks had been suffering with neu-woman, wnica, iienry w. savage simms, ol opnug ouiuuu, wuuuiuru raigia 01 uie iace ior me past weeK,will offer at the Lexington "" Opera county, Ky., from Mrs Virginia M. and fried all the remedies of the oldGeorge E. Johnson, 96, said to be House Jan. 1, 2 and 3, with matinees Rosenthal, wife of Moritz Rosenthal, women in the neighborhood, withoutunu o, repj.tfse.ms tuc veij ior $ouu,uuu. xue tjuiuuaseiu gave relieving uis pain, w eii-meamngamusement. It is de- back a trust deed on this property friends suggested the use of gasolineinTiI4 4-1 s 4sv4-Vi 1C AAA rrAvn1inrf the Boys Corn Club' in Kentucky! the oldest Free Mason in the United Jan lane.- - i i-i JL Sft3 is rtesiri in T.vnnhbiirfiT. Vs. He last Word 1SfmrrH ordin- to Dr Fred LMuch- had been a Masoa sevencr-three ! signed to please the most exacting; and the adjoining holding at the until the gums felt numb. He actedw f m JSnmSSS vears I offer diversion to the most jaded ! northeast corner of West Randolph upon the suggestion and a physiciantiok work. The average, yield to the, CHRISTMAS WHISKIES.-acre was 20 1-2 bushels.USE THE TELEPHONE.'The famous Wigglesworth whiskey,3 years old, only $2.00 per gallon.TSicrht-vear-old Sam Clay, in fullTelephone your order for the finest quart bottles, only $1.00 Per quart,lifuors to be obtained in this section (5-5t) JOHN JOHNSON.of tie State. Our whiskey and winee ,are tke best.(12-tf) BROWNER & 'JOHNSON.FANCY NUTS IN SHELL.Tkere isn't a store in Paris tht canequal tkem.fx) C. P. COOK & CO.SUITABLE GIFTS.taste. There is nothing about it to and North. Clark streets, occupied by says that the teeth will certainlyremind the spectator of any other the Ashland block, as security for a fall out.dramatic or musical production he .loan of $500,000 for two years at 5has ever seen. So often it occurs! per cent, interest. I CHRISTMAS WHISKIES.that someone who has not seen "Ev-1 With the present acquisition buy- jery woman" asKS someone wno nas ers merge tne tee with the lease-; The fmous Wigglesworth whiskieswhat it is like. The answer usually j hold, they having taken a lease on 3 years old, only $2.00 per gallon,is: "It is like well, it is like 'Ev- the premises just acquired for 'eighty, Eight-year-old Sam Clay, in fullflKVnrnman ' " TTlArp IS nn Other TlaV . vaora ffnm TtTov 3 1Q11 -orifVi on tx. -4- l 4.- lw 1 lC . n.if. - x-- ,jrcJ.O .m.ja. i""J , j-j-j., """ " - 4UUt UUbllCD, VfillJ fl.VU JfclCl 4UB1V.BASEBALL COST FIFTEEN iLIVES DURING 1S13- "V2jfj-EfBaseball cost fifteen lives-in Araer-vica during 1913. Fatalities were mosfc-Svica during 1916. Ftaalities were most K'numerous in Chicago, where three? xpersons died of injuries received oil fthe diamonds x TAll except one of the 15 killed were "hit by pitched balls or foul tips. The-'exception was J. Whetstone, of NewOrleans, who fractured his spine insliding to a base.A SPLENDID STOCK'Christmas goods at Clarke ACoisarag store, t. xjt & .v-T J ril - 1 ir y iuavia onapiro, ot jew i or ztzerywoman.orElegant line of novelties just re- likened,ceived Most suitable gifts. Music It proves a delight for the eye androlls, leather bridge sets, hasty note for the ear. It is a feast .for the lov-pads m learner, jusi uie miug iaj uyjei w lumj, -.. e .. .production to which it can be j tension option of twenty years, at anin vour traveling bag.(X) PARIS BOOK CO.r-SLOANSLINIMENT1 relieves rheumatism quickly . It stimulates the circulation instantly relieves stifihess and soreness of muscles and joints.Don't rub it penetrates.Rheumatism Nerer Returned"I am a travelling man and about one year ago I was laid up vnth rheumatism andcoald notwalk. A friend recommended Sloan's Liniment and, the morning after Iused it my knee was all O.K. and it has never bothered me cince. I always KeepSS Limment in the house and carry it with me on the road."-Afr. Thomas Bauer.We Philadelphia, Pa.Rheumatism NeuralgiaStiffness VanishedI suffered with an awful stiffness ismy legs. That night I gave my legs a goodrabbi ng with Sloan's Liniment and believeme, next morning I could jump out of bed.I have been supplied wiUi a bottle eversince." -Ma A. Moore of Manchester, IS. IL.Spraiaed Ankle Relieved"I was ill for along time with a severelysprained ankle. I got a bottle of Sloan'sLiniment and now I am able to be aboutsad can walk & great deal. I write thisbecause I think you deserve a lot of credit for putting such a fine Liniment on themarket and I shall always take time torecommend Dr. Sloan's Liniment." .Charlet Route of Baltimore, JI&Sloan's Liniment gives a gratefulsensation of comfort. Good forsprains, neuralgia, sore throat andtoothache. Use it now.At all Dealers, 25c, 50c and $1.00Send for Sloan's free book on horses.AddrekSDr. EARL S. SLOAN, Inc.BOSTON, MASS.w MHiiui3EsHiHflBHa'the forms of fair women; artistic designs in costume and draperies ;sumptuous stage settings evidencinga wizardry of light and color effects,the highest achievement of the specialist. For the lover of excellent musicthere is an orchestra of symphoniccapabilities to render the score whichwas composed by George WhitefieldChadwick, dean of the New EnglandConservatory of Music, of Boston. .For the admirer of fine acting Mr.Savage Iir.s assembled a cast with,fully a score of names that are welland favorably known to everyone whofollows the annals of the stage. Theleading female role is flayed byThais Magrane, a young woman whois said to visualize the difficult character. Her beauty enhances thevalue of her performance, for the"Everywoman" of the play must bebeautiful. Rarely if ever has therebeen found such a combination ofbeauty and talent as Miss Magranepossesses, for she is a wonderfullygifted actress. Whether in comedyor sombre tragedy her skilful, cleancut and sure methods are convincing and effective. In the long castthere are many other names of promiinence in the theatrical world. Truthis played by Kathleen Kerrigan, anactress who reads with authority anddistinction, -while the Nobody is performed by Elmer Grandin.(adv)WILL SAVE YOU MONEY.The JW ShoThe Women Fofk AreNow Doing Their FancyWork For Christmas !Don't fail to read our advertisement on page one of this issue. Wewill save you money on groceries.Bring the rash to our store and getmore than you can elsewhere. Readour prices.(10-tf) T. C. LINEHAN.annual rental of $22,500. The present fee purchase squares out the buyers' holdings at that point, givingthem a frontage of 160 feet oa West iRandolph street and eighteen feeton North Clark street.Mrs. Simms, one of the purchasersof the property, is the wife of Mr.Will Simms, formerly of Paris.(5-5t)! lived a week in subway, trains, afters 41 stealing his father's watch. He toldC' "Jf2JOHN JOHNSON. J the police: "It saved me room rent-."f,lfiCHRISTMAS WHISKIESThe famous Wigglesworth whiskey,3 years old, only $2.00 per gallon.Eight-year-old Sam Clay, in fullquart bottles, only $1.00 per quart.(5-5t) JOHN JOHNSON.KENTUCKY FURNISHES823 RECRUITS FOR ARMY"UBU-tsli-5-.SS5s l! itf' i5ss ' i .,1i i IN l' m-t JV". .i. ! ,HEL mM,r ' Wjp f&kukj.' lBfl 4better '""" - ''mmBBmYOURMONEY ISFRIENDSHOWER OF METEORSExcites Inhabitants of Waterford, Indand Many Pray.Residents of Waterford, Ind., werepanic strickn Friday at noon when ashower of meteors fell in the town,accompanied by a noise which resembled an explosion.People rushed from their homes,screaming with fear, women clutchingtheir children to their breasts andprayed.The explosion shook pictures fromthe walls in many houses, and insome places windows were broken.TLc falling meteors, some of whichwere as large as apples, damagedhouses in the vicinity.Horses were frightened and severalrunaways resulted. Many of thefrightened persons rushed to thechurches and prayed, thinking thatthe world was coming to an end.Maj. Gen. George Andrews, the Adjutant General .of the United Statesarmy, is pleased with the recordthat Kentucky made during the lastfiscal year in furnishing recruits forthe army. He pointed out in hisannual report made public Friday,that 3,5234 prospective soldiers applied for admission to the ranks atthe recruiting ditricts of Louisvilleand Lexngton last year. Of this num- jber 2,701 were rejected because of !physical defects. Although only '823 recruits were accepted for service the Adjutant General states 'that this percentage is high as com-Milieu wiui. max jl uiuei oiaiea. r . i i i i i mi i li l i -v.it is often the casetnat only one- friendship but who will havjB another engagement when you ;sixth of the applicants for admission ' ari u AUr VHTTP MniSTPTV if if io Q A 1717 rxrT,to the army at the various State head-1 1-t m" wj. j.wwj. a.xwj. o. j. x,j. .- "-quarters are found to be physically GROWING in our bank will never forsake you. It is a conAable to meet the stringent require- jments. During the last year a little fortable feeling to know you have it there for any emergencymore than one-fourth of the young I nTTOTMnon r-TTrnrmir-rr t.c i rfcrr-1 tattmen who sought' enlistment in Ken-i or JDUOliNLOO urruRl ujlnii I. -n yuu nicLK.t: jnc ull-tucky were accepted. This speakswell, the Adjutant General believes,for the general good health and thephysical trim of Kentucky's youngmen.WHEN ALL ELSEDESERT YOU IT IS THERE.HAVE IT SAFE JN THE BANK. ;:There are lots of friends who will assure you of theirtBEAUTIFUL ENGRAVING.Call and see our samples of embossed Monogram Stationery, Engraved Private Greeting Cards, CallingCards, etc. Place your order now forthe Holiday season.(28-tf) PARIS BOOK STORE.POSIT you have a start and you will soon have it looking big--MakeOUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BAHK OF PARISCapital, $100,000.00.Surplus, $40,000.00.J. M. HALL. PresidentC. K. THOMAS. CashierEDITOR OF THE CONFEDERATEVETERAN DIES AT NASHVILLE.I am selling Linens of all kinds, doingStamping of Exquisite Designs, and havelots of Fancy Work Novelties suitable forChristmas Gifts. I would appreciate a callfrom all the ladies who are interested in myline of work.LMRS. W.- E. BOARD.:HeadquartersFORChristmas Gifts.We have just received a nice consigment ofMUSICAL INSTRUMENTSconsisting of Violins, Guitars, Manolins, Hand Accordeons, Blow Accordeons and Harps of all kinds.Violin, Guitar, Banjo and Mandolin Cases, Clocksand Jewelry at very low prices. Give us a call.STAR CLOTHING HOUSE,J. ELVOVE, Prop.Our Call Home Phone 360Sumner A. Cunningham, editor andproprietor of the Confederate Veteranand well known among Union andConfederate veterans of the country,died Saturday night at a hospital inNashville, Tenn., following a series ofhemorrhages of the nose.Mr. Cunningham, was found unconscious in his office Wednesdaymorning and liad been in the hospitalsince then. He was born in July,1843, and served in the Confederatearmy. After the war he enterednewspaper work and at one timetime owned "the Chattanooga Times.THEN THE WAGON DROVE UP!The Lindsborg, Pa., Posten says:"Den ofverfaline tillsade lugunt vaidsmannen att slappa honum, hvarpanegern svarde med att spotta, Wimanen Ursinnig harfover mattade Wimanen kraftig stot I negern maggopp.saatt nebern slappte sitt grepp och tumlade baklanges emkul stotande bakhufvbent sa hard mot rannstetskanten, att han blef ligande sansios."PLACE TO BUy.The place to buyyour Xmas jewelry isat Shire & Fithian's.A SPLENDID STOCKChristmas goods at Clarke & Co.'sdrug store. N( $ )CHARGES REPUBLICANS WITHDISTURBING PROSPERITYSpeaker Clark spoke in the Houseons business conditions, charging Republican leader with "maliciouslyseeking to disturb the prosperity ofthe country." The Speaker statedthat a fair trial of the tariff and theearly enactment of he Currency Billwould resore business equilibrium.CURED OF LIVER COMPLAINT"I was suffering with liver complaint," says Iva Smith, of PointBlank, Texas, "and decided to try a25c box of Chamberlain's Tablets,and am happy to say that I am completely cured and. can recommendthem to every one." For sale by alldealers.(Dec) (adv)rNational 5 and fO-CentStore.?,ifThe Most Important Question atPresent is:What Shall I Buy- For. .Christmas?It Will Be Easily Answered Bya Visit to Our Store.I -Wt-iHere in a few of the items we have for your inspection:,, '. 'ICut Glass,Toilet Sets,IChina Ware,Vases of all descriptionAnd Other Items Too Numerousto Mention. .,-Be Sure to Ask if it is the National, For, it WillSave You From Paying More Money.LOOK FOR THE REO FRONT.Watch Our Windows For Specials.National k, and 10c Store: .1 yn rSSWlTHE BOURDON NEWS, PARISJKY., DECEMBER 23,1913- -c-...irH:VKv.ite-Sheriff's SaleOP-le Monday, January 5, 1914,Ib. ijront of the court house door, in"Pajfe, Ky., about the hour of noon, Ifrill expose to public sale for delinquent State and County Tax, for theyear 1913 the following describedjrtal estate, or enough therof thataiay he necessary to satisfy the saidtax aad the penalty and the cost ofgale. If any error or double assessiemt occur in these lists, pleaseaetify us so that correction can beduly jade.A. S. THOMPSON, S. B. C.PARIS WHITEBrqjFing Co., Jung, iot MainStreet ,G.67Clark, Mrs. Newt, lot, HenryfvisioB. T.82Sakart, J., lot, Lilleston ave-ue . 6.02B', Mrs. S., lot Higginsaremie 6.69C. T. Higgins, lot, Barnes Addition 4.13Hume, Mrs. Lan, 2 lots, 19thad Washington 14.60Hammons, R. - C, lot, FairC rounds - 4.04Jaroby, Mason, 2 lots, Pleas-:xt and Main street. 63.93K ndrick, Rosalie, lot, BarnsVddition 3.76V.oaton, S. P., lot Parish Avenue 13.93Murry- Thomas & Co., lot,Main street 14.02IMattox, R. H., lot, Shine Addition 5.79Paris Manufactuing Co7, lot,Main street . 63.98Rector, J. P., lot, Paris 9.97Trisler, J. P., lot, 8th street... 15.06Taylor, Virgie, Highland Place 3.77Watkins, Mrs. J. H., lot,Brent avenue : .... 2.183IILLERSBURG Yv'HITE.Barbee, Hattie, 1 lot, Mainstreet, Paris . 19.12Rodgers, Barton, 183 acresland, Cynthiana pike 125.S7Bishop, Richard, 1 lot, Millers- 'burg 3.20Peeback, Jess, lot Millersbuig 3.55Fightmaster, Jas., or L. & N.R. R., Millersburg 11.28Peeback, Shell, or L. & N. R.R., Millersburg 2.28Humphreys, Foster, lot, Judyville 3.55Jacobs, Wm., 9 acres land, Redmond pike 21.17Kendall, Ord est., 1 acre Maysville pike 2.90Snapp, Hattie, lots, Judyville 5.99"Vansant, Mrs. T. A., lot Paris 7.78"Vickers, Jas., lot Judyville 3.87LITTLE ROCK WHITEGillispie, Stanley, 10 acres, nextPrazier 20.36Johnson, Eliza, 11 acres land. 7.22Richie. A. J., 108 acres 90.69' Smith, F. T., N. R., 22 acresland I4.buNORTH MIDDLETOWN-WHITE.Reid,- John, 27 acres land,next to McClair- CLINTONVILLE WHITE.Francis, Laura E., 185 acresland, next Liter 115.45CENTERVILLE WHITEItlullens, E. K., 2 acres land,Tatertown 6.34Oliver, J. A., est., lot, Jacksonville 5.99Wilcox, J. W., lot, Cypressstreet 11.28"While, S. W., 3 acres land"on Hill pike 7.58'RUDDLES MILLS WHITEBurnett Tilford, 11 acres land 8.80Moore--Children, lot, RuddlesMills, 1912 2.28Lloore Children, lot, RuddiesMills, 1913IrlcClure, Mrs. J. R., lot,Shawban' . . . . - . -v-Smith, Wm. H., lot, Millersburg -..-: -..2.284.755.11" TON-RESIDENTS,Brown, Lyda, lot, Butler Addition ...-..- - .-Burbridge, Ella, lot Paris...3ell, R. H., Mrs., 137 acres,next WeathersBarlow, Rachel, lot, PariB...Corbin, Mattie and Sallie,118 acres land next Steele.Clark, J. W., 41 acres land,next Wilson .-.-.. .. .Holt Mrs. Blanton, 25 acresland, next Adair, lot inParis, 1913 -Holt Mrs. Blanton, 25 acresland next to Adair, and lot'Paris, 1913McVey, Mrs. J. M., 50 acreslflnH nftYt Terrell12.3434.9080.3215.7477.7822.3340.3140.'31oo 99Overby, Robt. lot, Paris 5.84Ratliff, Thos." lot, namesAdditionSmith, Melvina, 4 lots, nextVimoutShelton, Mrs. James, 1 acre..Wakefield & Moore, lots in,Paris .. .... ............Williamson, J. E. D., 8 acresland2.753.523.6412.345.32'" PARIS COLORED.Alexander, John, lot, Paris ?Ayers, Anderson, lot, ParisBreckinridge, Henry, lot, ParisBrown, George, lot, ParisBeckett, Geo. lot ParisBrooks, James, lo, ParisColeman, Lida, lot, Paris......Coleman, Sherman, lot, Pans.Coleman, Chas., lot, Paris....Ghristooher, Geo., lot, Pans..Corbin Jas. Admr., iot, ParisCraig, Dan and Ann, lot, Paris2.196.325.13o.094.904.34S.ll77311.113.717.854.834.62Chinn, Wesley, iot, ran.Corbin, Jas., Admr. Jackson, lot.Paris -.Cmmbia, Forest, lot, Paris...Darnell, Leach, lot, Paris...Davis, Harv, lot Pans.Evans, W. H., lot PsFrazier,-Ghas., lot Paris ,-..."'Eielcs, Marie, lot, Paris: JFlsb'er, John, lot Paris..5.4C9.99-3.772.754.61TaxesFerguson, Annie, ot, Paris'.... 3.31Fields, Jas., lot, Paris 3.79Fields, Henry, lot,, Paris 3.38Griggs, Watson, Est, lot, Paris 4.38Gaines Sadie, lot, Paris 2.91Galliher, Chas., lot, .Paris 4.61Horton, Garfield, lot, Paris 3.87Hickman Dave, lot, Paris 7.16Hawkins, Jas., lot, Paris 6.04Hitch, Carrie B., lot, Paris.... 2.74Jacoby, Doc, Hrs., lot, Paris.. 3.31Judy, Mary Ann, lot, Paris 21.38Jolinnson, Thos., lot, Paris.... 5.12Kellis, Alice, lot Paris 2.18Kellis, Smith, lot, Paris 6.54Lloyd, Sarah, lot, Paris 12.34Lindsay, heirs, lot Paris 2.18Lodge, K. P., lot, Paris 7.82Lawson, Thos., lot, Paris.... 3.77Mickins, Mattie, lot, Paris. . . 4.44Mickens, Eliza, lot, Paris 2.18Mack, Andrew, -lot, Paris... 6.54Nichols, Harrett lot, Paris. . . 2.75Nichols, Plyna, lot Paris 3.54Porter, Geo., lot Paris 5.74Parker, Luther, lot Paris.... 4.21Price, Mack and Caroline, lot,Paris 3.77Riley, Polly, heirs, lot, Paris 2.18Rice, John, Jr., lot, Paris 7.60Robinson, W. H., lot, PariB. .. 10.55Simpson, Patsy, lot Paris.... 8.95Smith, Jane, lot Paris 2.50Turney, Horace, lot, Paris 6.38Thomas, Sallie, lot, Paris 2.18Thornton, Ollie, lot, Paris 2.18Williams, Amanda, lot, Paris. . 3.54Warren, Kate, lot Paris 5.57White, Chas., lot Parfc 7.10Young, Harriett, est, lot Paris 2.18MILLERSBURG COLOREDArmstrong, Margaret, est., .Iot, Maysville pike 5.13Allen, Geo., lot Shipville 5.36Allen, Mollie, lot, Shipville 3.03Allen heirs, lot Shipville 2.40Breckinridge, Dave, lot Shipville 5.36Baker Emanuel, lot, Shipville. 3.31Broadley, Bettie, heirs, lotShipville 2.40Baker, Sarah, lot, Millersburg 2.40Baker, Will, lot, Millersburg. 3.31Baker, Burnau, lot, Millersburg 4.49Clark, Wm., 2 acres land, Millersburg 5.36Clark, Lida, lot, Millersburg. . 2.40Clay, Amanda, est., lot Shipville '. 2.79Clark, Wm., Tr. Rosa, lot Shipville , 1.71Combs, Wm., lot Millersburg. . 5.41Green & Mason, 2 lots, Millersburg 5.36Glenn, Jas , lot Millersburg . . . 3.87Green, Jas., lot Millersburg. --3.57Huffman Mary, est., Shipville 4.43Herod. Enhram, lot, Millers-.burg 6.02Herod, Admr., Mitchell, lot,Millersburg 2.78January, Sarah, est., lot, Millersburg 2.78Jones, John, guard., lot Millersburg 4.01Jones, Cassie, lot, Millersburg 1.72January, Lizzie," lot, Millersburg . ." 1-84King, Frank, lot, Shipville. . . 3.99Latham, Jas. 2 acres land,Shipville 4.56Moore, Geo. lot, Millersburg. . 4.56Mason, Chas, Jr., lot Millersburg 10.784 Mitchell. Nancy, est., lot, Mil-lersburg 3.07pinnell, Chas., lot, Sidville. . 3.31Patterson, Margaret, est., lotMillersburg5.133.995.022.90' Sg! Reed. Rosa, lot, Millersburg..la.JLoi,.n Com lirc lnf "Vrillrs-burgSudduth Chas., lot, Millersburg Thomas, Ada -lot, MaysvillepikeWilson, Jas., lot, MaysvillepikeWilson, Dave, lot, Shipville. .Wilson, John, lot, Shipville. .Wilson, Smih, lot, Shipville..3.775.993.775.724.245.364.66LITTLE ROCK COLOREDBerry, Wm., 16' acres landCane Ridge. . . '. 17.55Colling, Rebecca, lot Stringtown pike 4.76Finch, Jno., heirs, 30 acresnett Young 21.49Green, A. J., 5 acres land nextBryant 8.83Hughes, Bettie, 10 acres landnext Roseberry 7.54Hillman, Riley, est., lot LittleRock 4-58Lewis, Elijah, 5 acres landnext Redmon . - .-. 8.80McGowan, Lucinda, lot LittleRock 2.40Martin, Amelia, lot LittleRock ...- - 2.40Parker, Alexr lot Little Rock. 6.71Wesley, Geo., 1 acre, Jackstown pike 4.74NORTHMIDDLETOWN COLORED.Brown, Howard, heirs, 3 acresNorth Middletown . 5.82Black, Ellen, lot, Claysville.. 3.09Carter, Wash, 2 acres, nextMary Green 6.35John Corn, lot, Kerrville 7.84Dickson, Nellie, heirs, lot NorthMiddletown 2.39Duncan. Prank and Ben, lotKerrville 4-76'Fisher, Henry, lot, nextJontfs .-- o.avGreen, Al., Sr., lot NorthMiddletown 9.71Hill, Amanda, lot, North Middletown 5.11Hasting, Todd, lot NorthMiddletown 6.34Hawes, Hanley, est., lot, Claysville 3-53Hughes, James, est., lot, Claysville 3.99Harfper, Bettie, est., lot Claysville 2.40Jackson, Margaret lot, North iMiddletown &?Jackson, Green, lot, Claysville - 8.07Keys, Dave, lot, Noith Middletown 3.87Keene, John, 12 acres landnear North Middletown 11.59Mack, Bob, 2 acres land,ICerrville 8.85Ranson, Jim, lot, North Middletown 6.174.G83.533-53 Smoot, Geo., lot, North Mid3.71 dletown .,4.15 Soott. Marv. heirs, lot. NorthMiddletown . tTrumbo, Amanda," lot, Clays-ville ...- ..Williams, M., lot, Claysville:.Wilson, Emity, lot, Claysvillex.iz4.502.29CLINTONVILLE COLOREDBiddle, Walter, lot, 'Sidville . .,3.261.677.76Fuller, Mary, lot Sidville..Henderson, Noah, lot, BoontownJackson, Wallace, 13 lots,. 'Claysville . 30.01Johnson, Emma, lot, Claysville 1.72Chas. Moore, lot Sidville 3.87Miles, Elija, lot, Claysville 2.40Penn, John, lot, Claysville 5.11Spencer, Levi, lot, Claysville.. 5.37HUTCHISON COLORED.Brown, Ann, lot, Emans-ville 3.53Vickers, Jas., lot, next Dudley 7.60CENTERVILLE COLOREDBurl, Prescilla, lot, Centerville 1.61Bedford, Wm., lot, JacksonvilleBrown, Elijah, lot CentervilleBishop, Bettie, lot CentervilleColeman, Ann, lot, CentervilleHall, Lewis, lot, Centerville..Lee, Dave, 2 acres, next Buckley McCoy, John, lot CentervilleOffutt, Chas., 2 acres, nextLacy4.68,5.722.582.933.993.874.878.66RUDDLES MILLS COLORED.Blackburn, Sandford, lot,Ruckerville . 5.71BishoD. John. est. lot. Ruckerville 2:40Clay, Phil, est., lot Ruckerville 2.80Finch, Bell, est., lot Ruckerville 4.13Finch, Chas., lot Ruckerville. . 3.99Gaines, Henry, lot, Ruckerville 6.02RUDDLES MILLS COLOREDHiggins, Burl, 2 lots, Currentsville6.02Hayes, John, 3 acres, Georgetown pike . 11.28Johnson, Sue, es., lot, Ruckerville 2.28Johnson, Nncy, 3 lots, Ruckerville 5.38Johnson, Ann, lot Ruckerville 3.53Johnson, Julia, est, lot Ruckerville 2.49Johnson, Warren, est., lot Ruben Hill 4.43Lawson, Harriett, lot, Ruddles Mills 4.13 jLewis, Sallie, lot, RuddlesMills 4.13Mack, Ann., lot Ruckerville.. 3.08Thomas, Sam, lot Ruckerville 3.97Williams, Mary, lot, Coulthards 3.31Wilson, Minnie, lot. Coultnards 1.72Have you tried Ed. Slattery's eightyear old whiskey at ?1 per quart? Ifnot, try a quart. ( x )GOOD APPLES.Not cheap apples but good apples.Winesaps and Albemarle Pippins.( x ) C. P. COOK & CO.LEATHER COUCHES.A leather couch would make anideal Christmas present for the wife.Have one put aside,(x) A. F. WHEELER & CO.OUR WEEKLY NOVELETTE.The Tragedy of Dinkovitz.(Translated from the Russian)In Russia on a time-o-vitch,A maiden grew a bit-ski,To her therefore this rhyme-o-vitchHer name was Dinkovitchski !"Irma Dinkovitski, will you stopthat meaningless laughter and eatyour breakfast?"The speaker was Olga Inoutska,Irma's mother-in-law."Let me in on the jokeski and wejwill all laugh," she continued crossly, ifor age had brought her many mnrm-1ities and she was always cranky inthe mornings. - 2"Ha, ha! He, he, he!" laughed Ir-1ma Dinkovitski into her coffee. "Ho,ho! Ho, ha, ha, ha!" 'jg' Where s your nusDanu: suuypeuthe old woman. "He'll shut you up,nil rielltski"I itt ok.a -io iirvl" nnnlrlpfl hervitz! He shut me up when he's shutup so tight himself! Ha! ho! he, heIf you could see him shut up in thefolding bed with just one foot sticking out! He's a funny man, but hewas never so funny as that in hislife! How lucky for me that I wasout of the bed before it shut up!That one foot sticking out, ho, ha,ho!""He, he, he!" cackled the old woman, who really couM enjoy a joke."After breakfast I must go up andhave a look at him, he, he, he!""Ha! ha! he!" laughed Irma, holding her sides.THE END.-BEAUTY PARLORS.Ladies, your toilet is incomplete fora wedding, dance or reception without a visit to our beauty parlors.Our expert artist, Miss Beitz, willmanicure your nails and dress yourhair in incomparable style if you wmcall. Please phone and make engagements. All kinds of beauntui novelties for hair dressing.(25-tf) MRS. M. A. PATON.ALL AMERICANMnf nnp nipp.fi of imported cutglass in our store.BUTLER'S,(12-tf) Opposite Court HouseA POPPING SIGN.Large glass cylinder halt filled withpopping corn is a confectioner's novel sign. The cylinder stands on ametal tube through, which a currentof aid is passed to keep in active motion the corn, 'hich is really only athin layer on an inner cylinder.A FEW SUGGESTIONS.A fire set, carving set, dinner set,chamber set, or water set makes anideal gift we have them at prices tosuit. - x(2-2t) FORD & CO. -FOR THE HOLIDAY TRADEPictures of every description, handsomely framed, leather good in thelatest novelties. Copyright . book,s,latest fiction, 50 cents. , Games forthe,, children as well as thegrpwJi-upfolks. ",( X") .f Aiua .tjuui uu.I JVictor-VictrolaiMahogany orYou can search the whole world over andnot find another gift that will bring so muchpleasure to every member of the familj fcCome in and hear some ' of the world's greatest singers-,musicians and orchestras on the Victor. ' Easy" payments if desired.Also a full line of Kodaks, $5 up. Brownie Cameras, almost kodaks, $l"up. Flashlights, 75c up. FlexibleFlyer Sleds' $2.50 upDrrdK.J A A A. A A. A A AV.A.KAAAAAiA.A.A.WAA.A.AAAAAAAfc.yVAAAAAAAAA tfoeoC9eQe3gasiC. M. CLAY, PresidentBourbon TobaccoWarehouse Co.Paris, KentuckyAverage Price Opening Day, 1913, -Average Price Opening Day, Lexington, Ky., 1913, 13.19 ttI Average Price thisSellingliWe Have Room on the Inside for SeventyfiveLoaded Wagons. We SoIicitJYour Patronage and Guarantee CourteousTreatment and Prompt Service ...WVflUHnflKVictor-Victrola IV, $15OakVictor-Victrola IX, $50Mahogany or oak, $200quartered oakm xviAUGHERTYBROSJH9H9HHHHo QQgge33saa3sccc&e&s5.EDW.JOHNmarket 1 vear aero,Charges 2 per cent, and5 cents per hundredrl"Vy-jIVtMrTTnHHn.EEE-J5AAAAAAAAA4i,AA41AAAAAAiAABURKE, ManacrsT. COLLINS, Man?sers.- - 13.70- - 12.39 t' -ttt.Xf."Xv3-1 -s.rvMini. ri ...i .7 A... - L'4 Jr&$ -''. - S: ' &kri 1n,-.1 r jf".a - -tBest Goods CHRISTMAS HEADQUARTERSLowest Prices1 1n-iBoth Phones 36. iThere are so many articles in our stock that make elf gant Christmas presents that it is impossible to enumerate them. COME IN and seewhat we have to offer you and see also the QUALITY of the goods. You run no chance of buying a second-hand article here, for we carry nosecond-hand goods GOODS DELIVERED WHEN WANTED! ' "' '4.' ' -i" j --lj--. -iJyr . .i Mi if " W 0 -mJHINTCW'6IM-t 1:!t' l&Ii iI J"Pudi TheButton-and Rest"0I am the authorizedagent in Paris forthese Chairs. Getone for Husband,Brother or the otherone.fafSSSkWhat makes a better Present or improves the look ortone of a home morethan a6lobe WernickeBook Case?You can add to them as youwish. We' have them ondisplay"I HE'S COMING !i F0Z7 come TOO, ande theI Beautiful Christmas Goods I1 ON DISPLAY HERE. II NThe beauty of CHRISTMAS PRESENTS bought here . feS is that the present you select here is not looked atjS Christmas morning and then cast aside, but is a con- mstant, daily reminder, day in and day out, for years, Im of your thoughtf ulness and discrimination. HCome Now! ITil 13 SLMMftMSnNiHl ii i JHave you seen theBURKHARDTDESK TABLE ?Let us show you their many"advantages.NO NICER ' CHRISTMASPRESENT.GET WIFE AKitchenCabinetand "while you are at it, getthe best A McDOUGALL,..Cecjar Chests,Electroliers,Va.ctat.im. Cleaners,'Sofa Pillows! -Room Sie Rug-s. .3 flJSfo1 : XiW, IfcVNsi ' 4, UttHHM. I I ni i&-.j ojj- i i u i iUjjiP(ISMzU- , TUl -IXVJan f r rti" ' i ; ir'I f i MrtlUiJBrass Beds,Iron Beds,Wood Beds,Sanitary Cookers,Cribs,Mattresses.PICTURES The Biggest Assortment in Paris.Have You Seen Our TABLE FOLDING BED?Look: Here For Christmas PresentsChildren's Rockers.j-'Art Reed Rockers,Smoking Stands,Lace Curtains,Portiers, 14.Rugs,Tabourettes,Sideboards,A New Lot ofROCKERSjust Receivedr CHIFFOROBES TDressers,Hat Racks, , -'""Chiffoniers,Waste Baskets,Cheval Glasses,China Cabinets,' Dressing Tables,Folding Beds,Medicine CabinetsM&&: "-"i3X&:.c-gar , , . . .. ji , j yTlftJ III I rjKAjj 3.fIHere You Find theBest to be Had inDavenports!IflfL-fle-SIBEITHinton!jiKYxafi, r,AIHE BOURBON NEWS,. PARIS, KY. DEC, 3 1913.-- ?S&'wfefPHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEOPEN NIGHTS.J. T. H intones furniture store will oeopen at night until af -ftcrChnstmas. Besure and calf thereefore buying yourChristmas presents..MINCE MEAT.Ferndeli' is like home made.( x ) C. P. COOK & CO.30X SUPPER AT RUDDLESMILLS CHRISTIAN CHURCHThere will be a box supper at theRuddels Mills Christian church thisevening, beginning at 7 o'clock, forthe benefit of the church. Everybodyinvited.LEATHER NOVELTIESLeather novelties of all kinds atiMitchell & Blakemore's.. C16-3t)PRICE AND QUALITY.Tor the best quality and the bestTr2e on Christmas goodies, call onus.(i) JOHN SAUER.TRAVELING MAN RESIGNSPOSITION WITH PARIS FIRMThe Winchester Sun says: "Mr. O.G. Hadden, traveling salesman forthe "past seven years for E. F. Spears& Sojis, of Paris, has resigned his position with thht firm, and accepted aposition with Coltoii Bros., merchantmillers of Bellfontaine, O. He willhave all of Eatern Kentucky-as histerritory and will make his headquarters at Winchester."SEc US TO-NIGHT., To acco m m o cf a t eour oatrons we wBIvffcFtrr KC5yLt&tjrkeep open, at night " ? wutpncrau aterm sue wm.ztt -Tp-JTrfcr-ih- i go to Indianapolis to attend a conferKfll aTCer LnriSCmaS. j ence of the Coliege 0f Missions.A. r. Wneeser ck CO. j Mr. Miller Ward, Jr., has ar-! rived from Kentucky Military Insti-CONFEDERATE CHAPTER WILL tute to spend the Christmas holidaysOBSERVE LEE'S BIRTHDAY, J with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Mil-i ler Ward, on the Cynthiana pike.The Richard Hawes Chapter TJ. D. j The Lexington Herald of SundayC-, met Saturday afternoon at their said: "Miss Bettie Barrow will issueroom at the court house, with thepresident, Mrs. Wm. G. Talbott, pre-. .. JL. , .. ,siding. Tiiere was a good attendance tand considerable business was transacted. Plans were discussed for the obserance of the birthday of GeneralRobert E. Lee, January 19.TRAVELING BAGSBuy a traveling bag for that Christ-j and Messrs. Ireland Davis, Colemanmas present form the Bourbon Horse j-Renick, Thomas Prichard and HarryGoods Company. ( x ) j Horton. Mrs. Swift Champe was one, ' of the chaperones.PHOTOGRAPHS FOR CHRISTMAS' Miss Mary Fithlan Hutchcraft at-fpnded the luncheon given by MissI will make sittings up to and in-" Frances Jewell, in i-exington, Saturplnrtiner Tuesdav. Dec. 23. and deliver day.the work Christmas Eve. Owing tothe rush I have discontinued allcheap work.18)-2t)A. R. JOHNS.At Norman Studio.GARAGE COMPANY LEASES .MAIN STREET BUILDINGThe Bourbon Garage & Supply Colias .leased of Mr. Dan Peed his stableon Main street, known as the middle stable," and which - extendsthrough to -Pleasant street. Thebuilding is considerably wider in therear than in front. It will be remodeled, the box stalls will all betaken out, a concrete floor will belaid and other improvements made inorder to convert it tnio an up-to-dategarage. Itj is understood that thebuilding has been leased to the company for a term of five years.Mr. Peed will vacate the buildingJanuary 1, and plans to have a sale ofhis livery outfit about the first ofFebruary.DESPISE NOT THEDAY OF SMALL THINGS''-Start the lad or girl right with an-interest account in our bank. Smalldeposits solicited. Big results growout of small beginnings. Begin now.PEOPLES BANK.CUT FLOWERS-Eine fresh cut flowers for funerals,parties, weddings, etc., furnished on" liort notice.-(lt) JO VARDEN.MISS BAY'S PIANO CLASS' GIVES DELIGHTFUL RECITAL..The recital given Thursday even -ing by the pupils of Miss BetsyTfov'e mimip nlaRS at her home Oh'Jliffgins 'Avenue, was a most delight-. ,ful occasion, and was largely attend-.. a i e i Jea uy patrons auu ineiiu&.The beautifully appointed home wasrendered even more attractive by theise of growing plants, poinsettia andholly, and -was brilliantly lighted.' The program was well rendered, the'young pupils of ibis popular teacher'showing the effects of her carefultraining and their patient study.- $ NOTICE.-, AH parties arc herebywarned against the use offireworks on the streets ofParis. It is against the Saw,anH is most daneerous.have notified Ihe police torleidly enforce the law. ,'A J. T. HINTON,-ftfayorSOCIAL MD PERSONALjii. xiutub wneau ib recoveringfrom a severe attack of tetanusDr. Louis Frank, of Louisville,was a visitor in the city yesterday.irs. Hi. jr. jxeea leit aaturaayj for a visit to friends in Aurora, IndMr. and Mrs. Harry Stout, ofLexington, were visitors in the city,;Su' - . . . .urday from Bristol, Va., to spend theholidaysMrs.' Hatfield Bappert returnedFriday after a visit to relatives inCincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Link returnedyesterday after a stay of several daysin Cincinnati.Mr. W. B. Tinsley left yesterdayto spend the holidays with relativesin Roanoke, VaMr. Sherman Snapp, of Louisville, is here on a visit to his mother,Mr. Alee Snapp.-Mrs. W. F. Turner, of this city,was the guest last week of Mrs. T. I.Davis, in Winchester.Miss Cornelia Renick, of Winchester, spent the week-end with Mrs.Duncan Bell, in this city.Miss Rosina Elder has returnedhome after a visit to her uncle, Mr.j E. V. Elder, in Richmond.I Miss Mary Ross, of Wyoming,Ohio, will arrive Wednesday to visither sister, Mrs. P. A. Thompson.Mr. John Pridemore and MissBettie Farris left Saturday for Marietta, Ga., to visit Mr. and Mrs. Wilbur Ferguson.Miss Helen Desha, a student atState University, arrived yeterdayto spend -the holidays with her mother, Mrs. Ida Desha, on Mt. Airy avenue. Mrs. W. F. Chappell will returnin a few days from Cincinnati, whereshe was called Tuesday last to be atthe bedside of her sister-in-law, Mr.Ernest Daulton.the favor dance given at Elks' HallFriday evening. The occasion marked the closing of the series of dancing lessons given by Miss NellieSchwartz. There was a largenum-! ber present and the dance was mostenjoyable.Miss Helen Hutchcraft,' who is amember of the Senior Class of Wellsisv College, is here to spend the holidays with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.invitations this week to a dance suewill give on the evening of Decern-1I, nn ... i -i . -t;nnDer au, in nonor ul nei t;ut;&L, mwoMildred Williams and Miss LloydSmith, of York, Pa., who will arriveon December 29."The Tanzen Club gave a delightful dance at the Phoenix Hotel, inLexington,, Friday evening. Thoeattending from this city were MissesFrances Champe and Louise SteeleThe young men oi tne town gavea pretty dance at the Elks' Hall Sat-nrdav evening from 8 to 12 o'clock,The event was quite enjoyable anaattended by the following: MissesElizabeth Renick, Elizabeth Brown,Elizabeth Clay Alexander, Anna Wilson, Louise Steele, Matilda James,Frances Champe, Marie Talbott,Mary M. Clay, Messrs. Tom Prichard, William Walton, Lexington; Ireland Davis, Coleman Renick, DouglasClay, Harry Horton, Edward Fithian,Harmon Turner, Blair Varden, JoeDavis, Earnest Martin, John Stuart,Frank Sledd and John W. Young.The chaperones were: Mr. andMrs. Ed. Prichard, Mrs. Annie Prichard. Mrs. Alexander, Mrs. Frank Clayand Mrs. Geo. Stuart.The members of the Six HandTSiinhPft Club were entertained Satur-i day Mrs. Ben Woodford at her lovelycountry home near tms city. nun.and white carnations were used inthe decorations while ropes of smilax were used with beautiful effectfrom the chandeliers. An elaborateliirip.heon was served in severalcourses at one o'clock, the guests be-imr coated in lour rooms. In the dining room twelve were served at along table, while the remainder werecoi-vpri at the smaller tables. In. oneof the rooms Mr. Woodford enter-tained .eignt or ms xvuuvuivu. uuUoat the same time. In addition to theclub members those who enjoyed theomnimifi hOSDitallty Of Mrs. WOOatOrawflmfYna hosDitalitywere Mrs. Will Clay, of Winchester,Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., Mrs.Sam Clay, Mrs. Sidney G. Clay, Mrs.Miller Ward, Mrs. Ed. Turner, MissRachel Wiggins and Miss ElizabethEmbry. .r.BPAT OAKS FROM! L.TTLEORNS GROW.": xw Vpnr.a ,s a ooduunsiums v -" " ..time to start an interest account inourfrocbanK. ljioera.1 oiiu v,wuwtreatment. Start now anu wituaigrOW PEOPLES BANK.TRAVELING BAGSBuy a traveling ba for that Christ-1mas present, from tne uouruou nuiacGoods Company. (x)-i- T--wo rtr MICSMARSH'S ESTATE APPOINTED.Saturday in the County Court JudgeDenis Dundon appointed T. K. Marshadministrator oi the estate of thelate Miss Nellie Marsh. He qualifiedwith his brother, Mr. Steele Marshas surety.A GOOD SUGGESTIONGive him something that you allcan use a nice traveling bag fromMitchell & Blakemore's. lt'suscjLue-rightkind of a Christmasrift.DUNCAN NOVJERBY SUCCUMBSTO EATAL HEART ATTACKIn the presence of a- number offriends with whom he had been encaprpn in n nlpnsnrtt rnnvfir station onlva few minutes before, "Duncan F.Overby, a bartender at the saloon ofrjinkAv MnShnno drnnnp.d daadSaturday night about 10:30 o'clock,while attending to his duties.jjeatn was aue to an attacK or nearttrouble, from which he had been asufferer for a number of years. Saturday night he was in his usual goodspirits, and .was apparently in goodhealth. The only complaint he washeard to make during the day wasthat he had suffered from a pain inhis left side, but little attention wasgiven the ailment.Mr. Overby had served severalcustomers and was leaning with onehand on the bar when he suddenlyfell to the floor unconscious. Several rushed to his aid, and while a physician was being summoned an effortwa made tovinduce artificial respiration. Dr. C. G. Daugherty respondedto the call, and after .making a hurried examination administered to thestricken man. All efforts to revivehim were without avail and in fiveminutes after he was stricken he expired. Mr. Overby was one of the bestknown young men in this city. Hewas extremely popular and enjoyeda large acquaintance, and had a largecircle of friends here who wereshocked to learn of his untimelydeath. He was aged about twentyseven years, and was the son of thelate Mr. and Mrs. John Overby. Onebrother, Mr. Grant Overby, a member of the firm of Curtis & Overby,and a sister, Mrs. Thomas Cain, bothof this city, survive.The body was removed to the undertaking establishment of Mr. J. T.Hinton, Saturday night, where it wasprepared for burial, and taken to thehome of his sister, Mrs. Cain, onWest Seventh street, Sunday morning. The funeral took place from thereidence yesterday afternoon at 3o'clock, conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, of the Christian church, and theremains were interred in he Pariscemetery. The pall-bearers were:Henry Curtis, Harry O. Holt, Thos.Butler, C. B. McShane, RutherfordMoss, Wm. Shout, John Maddox andJohn K. Cain. lCUT FLOWERS.Fine fresh cut flowers for funerals,parties, weddings, etc., furnished onshort notice.(It) JO VARDEN.STIMULATE ANECONOMICAL SPIRIT.Start an interest account now in' our bank for your son or daughter,or for yourself. Small savings grow.with fimnvinn- ramnirv. Start. HOW.with amazing rapidity. Start now,PEOPLES BANK.NEW YEAR'S EVE AT"STOUT'S CAFE'The New Year's Eve celebration atStout's Cafe will be the most elaborate ever held in Paris. The maincafe will be beautifully decoratedwith fresh cut flowers, as will als btthe upstairs dining room. The orchestra will be first-class, and -theselections played will be the latestand most popular pieces. The cabaretprogram will be of the best talentthat can be procured in Chicago, and, at an enormous cost. Tiie menu winj De announced in Friday"s BourbonNews. The allair will be on sucn anelaborate scale that those presentwill imagine that they are in littleold Cincinnati or Louisville instead ofParis. A diagram of the main cafeand upper dining room is now readyand reservations will be" booked inthe order received. The price willbe $1.50 per person.FOR FATHER, BROTHEROR SWEETHEART.Mitchell & Blakemore's store is theplace to select that Christmas gift forfather, brother or sweetheart.(lG-3t)SAIN ITARY4 LUNCHFor a pure Hf opdlunch, call' at theParis Billiard Co. 12-2tTHE BEST WHISKIES.i Eighty ear-old Sam Clay, $1.00 -perquart; Poindexter and other tamousbrands.T. F. BRANNON.FREqHT CARS DERAILED ANDTRAFFIC GREATLY DELAYED.AU Nortnbound were delayed, ,, anAv ofrnnnn hvseveral hours Sunday afternoon byreason of a derailment which occurred at Boone, a small station, in ClarkCounty. Eight cars of a Ireight trainlef the track and blocked traffic. Regular passenger trains were held . atRichmond until the track could becleared.A wrecking crew was sent to the"scene from this city. No one wasinjured.,CHRISTMAS SUGGESTIONSFur Caps and Fur Lined Gloves atMitchell & Blakemore's. (16-3t)PRICES GREA1TLYREDUCED.Remember the cashI raising sale atIxWilM BKU5.Clothing & Shoe DePGENTS' FURNISHINGSj. rj. tturuaugii, Main, near 14thnents' Furnishings. "Kohn (Tailor-; ed)- Clothes." (x) yCHRISTMAS WHISKIES.The famous Wigglesworth whiskey,3 years old, only $2r00 per galloir.Eight-year-old Sam Clay, in fullquart bottles, only $1.00 per quart.(5;5t)y.JOHN- JOHNSONr --BOURBOft QOUNTY .LANDSARfc INCREASING IN; VALUEAs shown by the most recent salesBourbon county farm lands are increasing in value each year, andthere is a great demand for the mostproductive soil. Clark Bascom, ofOwingsville, sold the past week toJames Toadvine, of Harrison county,the John Hamilton farm, located onthe Ruddles Mills and Millersburgturnpike, near Millersburg, and containing 148 acres, for $19,000, or'about $139 per acre. Six years agoMr. Bascom purchased the farm fromthe executor of the Hamilton estateat $95 per acre and the sale justmade gives him a profit of $44 peracre, or a total profit of $6,500,Joseph Farris, jailer of Bourboncounty, purchased Saturday fromWaldo Jett, his farm of 60 acres, located on the Redmon pike a fewmiles from this city, at $125 per acre.This place is well improved and theland is very productive.Claude FiBher, of Bourbon, sold toMr. and Mrs. E. C. Cook a tract ofland containing twenty acres, locatedon the 'Ruddles Mills and Cynthianapike, fn Bourbon, for $4,350, or $217.50 per acre. The land adjoins thefarm of Mr. and Mrs. Cook.A SPLENDID STOCKf Christmas goods at Clarke & Co.sdrug store. ( x )CHRISTMAS WHISKIES.The famous Wigglesworth whiskey,3 years old, only $2.00 per gallon.Eight-year-old Sam Clay, in - fullquart bottles, only $1.00 per quart.(5-5t) JOHN JOHNSON.WONOERFULSELECTEON. A wonderful selection of Christmas siftgoods in jewelry canbe found at Shire StFithians.ANTIt-SHOOTING ORDINANCEWILL SE RIGIDLY ENFORCED.Discharging of fireworks on thestreets of the city is prohibited by acity ordinance and Mayor J. T. Hintonyesterday issued strict orders to thepolice department for its strict enforcement during Christmas.The practice of shooting torpedoesor cannon crackers is dangerous tolife and limb arid when the ordinancewas passed by the council it was intended as a means of protection forpedestrians. Hoises are very likelyto scare at the sudden discharge anda runaway would endanger the livesof scores of persons. Aside fromthis there is grave danger of the explosives inflicting serious injuries topersons on the streets.A violation of this city law is punishable by a fine and Mayor Hintonhas issued a warning that the practice will not be tolerated.HOLIDAY FOOTWEARGreat values in house slippers andholiday footwear at(x) DAN COHEN'S.PRICE AND QUALITY.For the best quality and the bestprice on Christmas goodies, call onus.L(x) JOHN SAUER.Leather Couches.A leather couch would makeinideal Christmas present for the wife.Have one put aside.A. F. WHEELER & CO.GOOD WHISKIES.Good whiskies are a pleasure forChristmas. An order of , our 8-year-oldSam Clay, .$1.00 per quart, Melwood, Poindexter, or Van Hook, willsatisfy the most exacting taste. LionBeer is good, too; use three bottlesout of a case, and if it does not givesatisfaction return the remainder andand your money will be refunded. 'p T. F. BRANNON.CAKLI5LE IU MAVfc Ul I Y j' WATERWORKS SOONA preliminary survey is being madeby the engineers for the Carlisle waterworks system. Work waji begunlast week and will be pushed as rapidly as possible in order that the workof constructing the system may bebegun in the early spring.FOR CHRISTMAS.The finest stock of whiskey, wineand liquors in Central Kentucky. Wecan supply your holiday needs.(12-tf) BROWNER & JOHNSON.THEBEST OF EVERYTHINGIf you want the purest and best andthe most aanitary, we have the goods(x) C. P. COOK & CO.TANGO SLIPPERS.You can't do the "Tango" without apair of those Tango Slippers we areshowing. Call in and get a pair.' 16-2t) CEO. McWILLIAMS.CLOSING OUT SALE.The Bourbon Horse Goods Company will sell their entire stock of harness, blankets, suit cases , knives,scissors and rasors at less than cost.(x)Wanted.Fifty Country Horns at once.' "KID STOUT'S CAFE.Lost.Gold bracelet with "Sarah Traylor"engraved on the inside. A rewardwill be "paid for its return to .T- - - ? JESSE TRAYLOR,Cypress Stereet, Paris, Ky.ICBRISTI1S SB0PPJMHas Begun in Earnest.the LastOUR DISPLAY OF CHRISTMAS NOVELTIESIs theflargest and best ever shown by us. CHRISTMAS GIFTS FOROLD AND YOUNG.SeeourT.OYS AND DOLIiS.HANDKERCHIEFS by the thousands many specials.KID GLOVES in light, medium or heavy weights, $1.00 to L50.TABLE LINENS AND NAPKINS in exclusive patterns. ?Robe and Bed BLANKETS in endless variety.Imported COUNTERPANES perfectly beautiful.Best SILK HOSE on earth at 50c, 75c, 1.00 and 1.50.Our NECKWEAR will please you. vART PIECES in Red Maderia, Cluny, etc.Silver and Parisian Ivory TOILET ARTICLES.Come and see the many novelties we are showing. We can please3'ou.'8! W. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.rmWe KeepiUnmt' Wc sell what Is good, and ask you to 'buy our shoes because they are good.It isn't price that sells our shoes, forshoes can be made to sell at any price.It's Goodness, Merit, Worth andValue That Sell Them.The same applies to our Children's Shoes.Children are hard on shoes, but most ofthe trouble lies in poor shoes and poorshoe making. Our shoes are good, andare made by the best of shoe makers:Give us a call and be convinced.Geo. Mc Williams,Phones 301Notice to Stockholders,The stockholders of the DepositBank of Paris, Kentucky, -will meetat the banking house on Monday,January 5, 1914, between the hours of9 a. m. and 3 p. m., to elect directorsfor the ensuing year.J. M. HALL, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.(23-4t)Notice to Stockholders.The stockholders of the BourbonBank of Paris, Kentucky, will meet atthe banking house on Monday, Janu-juary 5, 1914, between hours of 9 a mj and 3 p. m.f to elect directors for theensuing yearB. WOODFORD, PresidentB. WOODFORD, Jr., Cashier J(23-4t)Notice to Stockholders.The stockholders of the Agricultural Bank of Paris, Kentucky, willmeet at the banking house on Monday, January 5, 1914, between thehours of 0 a. m. and 3 p. nu to electdirectors for the ensuing year.J. W .DAVIS, President,JNO. J. McCLlNTOCK, Cashier(23-4t)Notice to Stockholders.The stockholders of the Peoples'Bank of Paris, Kentucky, will meetat the banking house on Monday, Janary 5, 1914, between hours of 9 a. m..and 5 p. m., to elect directors forthe ensuing year.W. P. ARDBRY, President,S. E. BEDFORD, Cashier.(23-4t)Lost.Pocket book containing some silverand paper money. Finder please return to Simon's Store.Lost.A 25-36 Marlin takedown shot gun,special smokeless, steel barrel. Picture of deer on outside of frame.Will pay reward of $10 and no questions asked, if returned at once to theBourbon News office.Lost. ,'Black wallet, name inside "CliffordHouston." Insurance papers andmoney. Reward if returned to the9mmmI .N&ws-office.. f ; 19-3tICome Early and o4voidDays' Rush. n:IC-ii,:u lUfi'Fuamj up;JThe Shoe Man(tail'. Christmas Trees For Sale.A choice lot of Christmas trees ofall sizes, suitable for use in resi-J dences, churches or schools. Pricesrange from 50 cents to .2.50. Treescan be seen after Dec. 15 at Murphv.Transfer' Co.'s barn. .H. O. HOLT.(16-Ct) Both phones 39S.-?For Sale.Thoroughbred Rhode Island ReelCockrels. A !, . t x , J. W PAYNE;. -Cum..phone 337. Winchester, Ky.(lG-2t)Horse Taken Ud( Drown hoise with one eye out,! about 10 years old, was taken upbyi me about three months ago. Owhermay have same by proving propertyand paying charges.C. T. MONSON,(12-3t Paris, Ky.i Foi satuidayiy's Pies.1 Country Club Cakes;Chocolate,Maraschino,VanillaCaramel:For -Saturday. ; jII:Baldwin '.:Bros.,itij Paris, Kentucky1?huh4i?''HJFJ-r fSrT-N' -.-rt-4 JiA-fe'- --f-Vs . j ? . ."-;,A . ..yrf?V-- v,- i 1 1 jit i i i-JUiiL' i'v i , "" 1 1WWMMM.wmi. Huyirrg-r ztsnaatzisusiiJjrTrJHE-JL.BOURBON NEWS, PARIS. KENTUCKY, DECEMBER, 23 191iSii.iFams Men Who Wore Beards.History regards that among the noi 'ed mea who have favored the wearini Jof beards of mustaches or both have"been Elijah the prophet, Esau, Pythageras; Peter the Great, King HenrjVHI., Shakespeare, Chaucer, CharlefDickens, Prince Bismarck, GladstoneTennyson, Walt Whitman, VictorHugo, Abraham Lincoln, Gen. RobertE. Lee, Gen. Joseph E. Johaston, Presidents Grant, Hayes, Garfield, Cleveland, Harrison and Taft; the late Mikado of Japan and King Edward VII.and King George V. of England.Didn't Want Much.Lily, a cook of color, had broken offktr engagement, and was confiding3w troubles and his shortcomings tofcr sympathetic mistress: "And whatyou reckon dat nigger up 'n say to mewhen he was gwine outen we-all's do'?Says he, 'I know one thing, niggah;yoa is jest got to gimme back all er4m engagement presents what Ipremised you!'"CROUP AND COUGH REMEDYCroup is a terrible disease; itattacks children so suddenly they arevery apt to choke unless given theproper remedy at once. There isnothing better in the world than Dr.King's New Discovery. Lewis Chamberlain, of Manchester, O., writesabout his children: "Sometimes insevere attacks, we were afraid theywoald-die, hut since we proved whata certain remedy Br. King's New Discovery is, we have no fear. We canrely on it for croup, coughs, andcolds." So can you. 50c. and $1.00.A bottle should be in every home.At all druggists. H. E. Bucklen &Co., Philadelphia, St. Louis.(Dec) (adv)KVJhlns . rmt. rhrr tii ..75N 'the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing i more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the lat drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Cots no more than the inferioitinkvaeon oils Fives MONEY savesWORK cav&s e e.Your dealer has SOLTTE OIL inhirrels direct from our orks.Chas. 0. Sto!l Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.iieimery at Warren, Pa.We ell the celebrated "So Carb"Auto 0l.Here Is the HogLexington, Ky.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,Enclosed find photo of hog that wascured of cholera with your BourbonHo Cholera Remedy. This hog wastlaiott dt4'toefore using the medicineami then mw entirely cured, exceptlot of ears, tail, etc The hog iswmed by Mr. Skiles 'Swing, of Bawling Green, Ky. He will be glad togive you a testimonial, and we can getMYeral more if you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for ItFOR SALE BY W. T. BROOKS.ClothesFOR "JYoung Gentlemen, A Special Feature with us.Suits andOvercoats$18.00 to $20,00King Quality ShoesMen and BoysForHgns 8 FlannaganDoyle BuildingOct 3 tf1 VogueROMANCE OF H GIRLLady Cook, Once Tennessee Claflin, a Magnetic Healer.Had Vaulting Ambitions With HrSister She Rose to Wealth, Fameand a Title and Position InEnglish Society.Pittsburgh, Pa. Whenever LadyCook talks publicly it is always aboutsomething startling. So, when, witheyes flashing and vigorous gestures,this widow of Sir Francis Cook, knighted by an English king for his benefactions, advocated before a Pittsburghaudience recently the branding of menphysically unfit for marriage she wasmerely giving her hearers somethingfor their money.Now about seventy years old, LadyCook has put behind her a dozencareers that have included poverty,obscurity, notoriety, fame, social position, wealth and a title. Any one ofthem might have filled an ordinarylife, but not so for the resourcefulwoman of almost three score yearsand ten, whose energy and activity belong to progressive young womanhoodof today.Some sixty years or more ago Tennessee Claflin and her older sister,Victoria, were children in an Ohio village, the Kansas City Star observes.Their father, was poor, their mothera spiritualist, and you would not havebelieved there was much of a chancefor the ten shabby youngsters thatswarmed in their little home. Butshortly after they had reached theirteens two of them Tennessee, whowas the youngest and prettiest of thelot, and Victoria, her older sister became women of the world and independent wage earners. This they didby starting a magnetic clairvoyant establishment and exploiting Tennesseeas the "child wonder." For manyyears dating from this time it was alleged that Tennessee had wonderfulmagnetic power. Perhaps she had. Atany rate, the sisters were successfuli and acquired a large clientele.But they were looking beyond therestricted horizon that bounded themagnetic power business. They wentto New York. Did they spend theirtime looking for somebody that wanted to hire them? They did not. Victoria and Tennessee, who is now calling herself Tennie C. Claflin, possiblybecause it savored less of humble origin, appeared in the brokerage businessin Wall street. Within a month theywere doing better than a good manymen brokers in the street. It was theday of Jim Fiske, Jay Gould and Commodore Vanderbilt, and there was always some business they could put inthe way of the clever sisters who hadtaken the plunge into the businessworld where women were then rareenough to be regarded as curiosities.Victoria at that time Is described asfine looking, but a cold, commandingwoman, while Tennie was a beauty,more nervous and high strung, yetwith a sympathetic, winning manner.The brokerage business did not holdthem long. They had soon branchedout in the publishing business andwere getting out a weekly calledWcodhull and Claflin's weekly. Victoria had meantime met and been married to a Dr. Channing Woodhull, hersenior by a good many years. Theirweekly didn't have much to say aboutspiritualism or magnetism at this time,but it did have a good many startlingthings to say about free love, equalsuffrage, morality of a type somewhatadvanced for that day, sociology, humanitarianism and kindred doctrinesand theories.Victoria had flown in the face ofpublic opinion by marrying Col. JamesBlood of Missouri without being formally divorced from her former husband, Doctor Wodhull.Public opinion was aroused againstthe Claflin sisters, the weekly was onits last legs, the brokerage businesswas petering out, damage' suits confronted them. They were at the endof their rope in America. They soughtthe more congenial atmosphere ofEngland and for a few weeks droppedout of public view as far as Americawas concerned. But both werebrilliant women and both were busywriting and lecturing in London, andgradually they won a following overthere and resumed the publication ofa weekly paper. Mrs. Victoria Wood-hull-BIoodwas fortunately freed by thedeath of her two former husbands andshe met and won a rioh banker, JohnBiddulph Martin, with a fine home inHyde Park. Money and social positionwere hers at last.The progress of her younger, handsomer sister was even more romanticand startling. Francis Clark, av millionaire silk merchant, heard her lecture, fell in love with her and marriedher.Through her wise direction of theplacing of his personal charities andbenefactions he was knighted and became Sir Francis Cook and Tennie became Lady Cook.Nobody 9)tal From His Cigar Stand.Vanooeiver, Wash. A cigar standwhere the smokers help themselves tothe cigars and make their own changeis operated in the basement of thebank building at Sixth and Mainstreets by Stanley Voorhees, elevatorboy.In a large showcase he keeps cigars,cigarettes and tobaccos for the occupants of the six-story bank building.The "plan has been in operation for sixmonths and works admirably. No onet takes advantage of the boy, and hisoaak. box at night always tallies corMMtir with th stock when cheeked.TAFT TALKS ON PARDONSIntimatet "That Possibly HeHad BeenImposed Upon When He Liberated Morse.Pottstown, Pa. Speaking beforethe students of the Hill school recently, William Howard Taft, former president of the United Statee, alluded tohis pardon in 1912 of Charles WrWorse, the New York banker, fromth,e federal prison at Atlanta, and intimated that possibly he had been imposed upon. He said: -"1 had two cases once before me inhich it was represented that bothche convicts were near death. I instituted an investigation to find out thetruth through the army medical corps.Examinations were made, watcheswere established over the sick men,and it was reported to me that theywere both in the last stages of a fataldisease. One of them died soon afterhe was released. The other is appar-William Howard Taft.ently in excellent health and seekingto re-establish himself in the world."The other convict alluded to by Mr.Taft undoubtedly was John R. Walsh,the Chicago banker.BRIEF OF NEAR 20,000 PAGESAppeal of Southern Pacific Railroadin the Land Grant Case Is inForty Volumes.Portland, Ore. A legal brief printed in Portland is said to be morethan twice as large as any other everprinted.This particular brief is the appealof the Southern Pacific company inthe land grant caoe, In which the government sued to recover several million acres of land and won the cult inthe lower courts. The railroad company is now having its brief printedfor the United 8tates Supreme court.1 There will be 20,000 pages of printed matter. These will be made upinto 40 volumes the size of the ordi-j nary law book. The brief will, initaalt ho o rmoVl Hhrnrv un, tfnras the number of volumes goes. Eachvolume will be composed of 500 pages,which is more than are contained inthe "best sellers." When completed,the brief will be almost twice as largeas a standard encyclopedia.Although the brief must be printedand bound, it will be a very limitededition. .Only some corporations likea railroad with unlimited capital canafford to compile and publish ya briefof such magnitude. Every phase ofthe land grant case, together with Itshistory and the most inconsequentialtestimony of witnesses, will appearin the brief.. If the Justices of theSupreme court of the m United Statesattempt to read the entire brief it willcommand their entire time for severalmonths in the reading alone.SHE WOULDN'T PAY HER FINEPretty Motorcyclist Qsts Novel Sentence and a Dinner deLuxe.New York. Miss Lillian Roberts,seventeen, of Flatbush, was beforeMagistrate Geismar in the Flatbushcourt, charged with driving her motorcycle at 30 miles an hour.When a fine of $25 was imposedupon her Miss Roberts, a suffragette,stamped her little feet and declaredthat she would not pay it. She wasgiven the alternative of a day in jail.She agreed to the latter, but the magistrate grew tender-hearted and decided that she could spend the timein the courtroom Instead of going tothe Raymond Street jail. Soon aftercourt closed a friend brought MissRoberts a dinner de luxe, which waseaten on one of the benches.WEALTHY MAN'S SON LABORSTakes Place In Factory at Bottom ofLadder to Learn theBuslnees.New York. Augustus Cordier, Jr.,twenty-three-year-old son of the lateAugustus Cordier, who was presidentof the Lalance ft Crosjean Agate Warefactory in Wood Haven, L. I., and wasa son-in-law of Florlan Grosjean, whofounded the company, is a workman inthe factory.When the youth's father died he lefthis extensive interests to his widow,who is worth several millions. Eachmorning he arises early and goes towork in the factory to learn the business, with an idea of some day succeeding his father In its managementHe is studying the work of every department and dons overalls and works.I as hard .as any of the other .eeojAeyet,v' Tree That Products Milk.It is claimed that in South -Americathere is a most convenient milk-producingtree which the natives takeadvantage of for the feeding of theirchildren. By boring a hole in itstrunk a clear, sweet stream of milkemerges, which is both healthful anddelicious." -FIT HIS CASE EXACTLY."When father was sick about sixyears ago he read an advertisementof Chamberlain's Tablets in the papers that fit his case exactly," writesMiss Margaret Campbell, of Ft.Smith, Ark. "He purchased a box ofthem and he has not been sick since.My sister had stomach trouble andwas also benefited by them." Forsale by all dealers.(Dec) (adv)Bliss for Nora.Lady "You quite understand, Nora,I shall only be "at home" every Wednesday from 3 to 5." Nora "Yes,mum." To herself "Nora, you'vegot a heavenly situation. The mistress only at home for two hours aweek." Albany Journal.CONSTIPATIONPOISONS YOU.vIf you are constipated, your entiresystem is poisoned by the waste matter in the body serious results oftenfollow. Use Dr. King's New LifePills and you will soon get rid of constipation, headache and other troubles. 25c. at druggists or by mail.H. E. Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia& St. Louis. (adv)(Dec.)Not Entirely Satisfied.A Nemaha county farmer who tookhis mother-in-law to town and lefther there had a hard time convincingher that he forgot to bring her back;and she didn't feel much better aboutit when he did convince her. KansasCity Star.Use Methods of the Past.India's methods of storing grain areStill very ancient and inadequate. Thefirst modern grain elevator in all thatgreat peninsula is yet to be finishedin the Punjab province.CALIFORNIA WOMANSERIOUSLY ALARMED."A short time ago I contracted asevere cold which settled on my. lungsand caused me a great deal of annoy-iance. l wouia nave Daa cougmng.spells and my lungs were so sore andinflamed I began to be seriouslyalarmed. A friend recommendedChamberlain's Cough Remedy, saying she had used it for years. Ibought a bottle and it relieved mycough the first night, and in a weekI was rid of the cold and soreness ofmy lungs," writes Miss Marie Gerber,Sawtelle, Cal. For sale by all dealers, (adv)To His Credit."When I die," said the Grouch, "asall my friends hope I will soon, thereis one little item 1 want my relativesto have blasted into my tombstone:'He Never Called Up Central Merelyto Ask the Time of Day.' "DetroitNews.Protection Against Crime.It is estimated that there aie in usein the United States about 100,000elaborate electric protective systemsagainst crime, about 300,000 smallersystems, and some 2,000,000 minor devices. BEAUTIFUL PICTURES.An elegant line of handsome pictures just received. They makebeautiful gifts. Our specialty isframing photos. See our mouldings.27-tf) PARIS BOOK STORE.Suffered with' Throat Trouble,Mr. Barnesused to besheriff ofIW a r r e nCounty,Ten nessee.From exposure tothe elementshe acquiredthroattrouble.He supposed thathis healthWas entirelyruined, inspite of allthe treatmen t hecould procure. Afterusing" fourbottles ofPeruna h eclaims that MR. B. W. D. BARNES,he was en- McMinnville, Tenn.t i r e 1 yrestored to health.Catarrh of the throat is not only anannoying1 disease of itself, but it exposes the victim to many other diseases. "We are constantly breathinginto our throats numerous atmospheric germs. Disease germs of allsorts. This cannot be avoided. If iwe tnroat us neaitny tne system isprotected from these poisonousgerms. But if the throat is raw andpunctured vrith numerous little ulcers, by catarrh, then the diseasegerms have easy access to the system.Keep the thioat well and clean.This is tne -way to protect yourself fagainst contagious diseases. Garglethe throat as explained in the new"Ills of Life," sent free by the PerunaCo.. Columbus. OhioMr. Barnes says: "I had throat '-trouble and had three doctors treat-ing me. All failed to do me anvgood, and pronounced my health gone.I concluded to try Peruna, and afterusing four bottles can say ,1 was entirely cured." ' . twk' M '- '-wnlir ' HiK ' M 9CMNervous? gMrs. Walter Vincnttof Pleasant Hill, N. C,writes: ."For three summers. I suffered fromnervousness, dreadfulpains in my back andsides, and weak sinkingspells. Three bottles ofCardui, the woman'stonic, relieved me entirely. I feel like anotherperson, now."TAKECarduiThe Woman's TonicFor over 50 years,Cardui has been helpingto relieve women's unnecessary pains andbuilding weak women upto health and strength.It will do the same foryou, if given a fair trial.So, don't wait, but begintaking Cardui today, forits use cannot harm you,and should surely do youi good. E-72Windsor Hotel.Modern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor ParisLeave Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m-7:30 a m8:15 a m'9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:45 p m8:15 p m"rj.UU a m7:20-a m"8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m5:20 p m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p mDaily except Sunday.10:05 p mBUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop.Three Expert Artists; NoWaits.Hot and ColdBaths.Main vt. - Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.-Kindness, courtesy and punctuality,Endeavor we to give you.Less money, good quality, c.Long weight; and anyEncouragement we appreciate.'Ring 715 and 106 and we will'Send your order andtmKeller Grocery CompanytProfessional CanbDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.OfBee-514 Main Street.,$5-Office Phones T 2?5;Home 136.ResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk'sfBld-g-Paris- - KentneiVJ J. WTLIilAMSrATTORNEY-AT-LAW.loom 1 Elks Building.4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits'Are GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO RISESIf Y3U Arc InterestedWrite UsONION STATE BANK. Muskogee, OklahomaCapita! $100,000Fully PaidSpecial Kates fr Excursions-.,Round trip Winter Tourists to alS;principal winter resorts in Alabama,.Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina and Havana,.Cuba, on sale daily Oct. 1, 1913, untiSApril 30, 1914, with final limit May 31 .1914; also to principal winter resorts.in Texas and New Mexico, on saledaily Nov. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914;with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberal,stopovers allowed on all winter tour-ist tickets. Also low round trhHomeseekers' tickets to points in Ari-zona, Arkansas, Louisiana, MissouriINew Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas, AlWbama, Florida, Mississippi, ColoradoKansas, Montana, Nevada North Da-ykota, South Dakota and Clifornia onsale first and third Tuesdays of eachmonth, final limit 25 days from date-,of sale, stopovers allowed in Homeseekers' territory. For further information, call no or address, :W. H. HARRIS, Agenti'T. K. SMITH, T. A:mmmmiourkhanks.mnaiiv if m!m-f,i-, 1c i. , )'J1 T - VUamSS.THE AROMAISDELICIOUSCERTIFIED CHECK COFFEEBAYLESS COFFEE COMPANY, LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY.Try it; To-dayUse it alwaysCosts Less WorthNo Other Coffee Like Itl4IHt BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER .1233913' . f i mmmm iitBabies Are Human Manna.3abies continually freshen tne raceiip. We areliuman and kind and hopeful simply because heaven is incesntly raining babies upon us. They;re the human manna. The love andAira of them keeps us sweet. At"QUESTIONS OF LIFE"Are fully and properly answered inThe People's Common. Sense MedicalAdviser by R. V. Pierce, M. D. As aresult of knowing the laws of healthand nature, happy marriages are sureto follow. Ignorance leads to miseryChristmas, honor the little "Defenders : and ill-health. All the knowledge aof the Faith!" Woman's World.Right in the Swim.;My wife is always complaining shemA nothing to wear." "Great Scot,fftTfnw! Whfif. on earth is shp. 1,-ickine:.about? Get to her quicksand tU her ! sending 31 one-cent stamps to prepayUUBL kjl wiopyiug emu yuaiagc.young man or woman, wife or daughter bhould liaye, is contained in thisbig Home Doctor Book, containing1008 pages with engravings and colored plates, and bound in cloth,(near-y 700,000 copies formerly soldfor $1.50 each) is sent free to anyoneshe's right in stylp i nd doesn't .-.nowt" St. Louis Rcp.i.Hc.Not a Militant."Don't you want to vote?" "Yes,"replied Mrs. porntossel. "But there's3K twe of me trying5 to do everything."Votin is nice easy wort, an Hiram2&igiit as well attend to it while I lookifec the real responsibilities of the?arm."Thereare no conditions to this offer and thereader must' not associate this bbokwith the advertising pamphlets prepared by quacks throughout thecountry. Address . 662 WashingtonSt., Buffalo, New York.(adv)Sunday School Scholars.The number of Sunday school scholars of all countries is about 27,000,000,f whom 14,000,000, or more than half,aire in the United States. England-and Wales come next with 7,000,000zno other country having as many as amillion.This Sad Old World."If you could have your choice,"asked the beautiful maiden, "wouldyou rather have luck or genius, Mr.Smallwitte?" "I have always thoughtI'd prefer luck. But that's the way inthis world. One always has to besatisfied with what is not one's firstchoice."He Understood.The young man had asked for aJiorse that was gentle and safe. Ase drove out of the stable the livery2aan said: "The spring on the right-Ride of the buggy is the stronger,".-nd the young man blushed until his.ars looked like a sunset in a chromo.Division- of Duties.A merchant in Mankato was asked:"Are you and your son carrying onthe business together?" "Yes," he replied sadly, "l transact the businessand he does the carrying on." Kan.5?as City Star.Blissful Ignorance.He "They say he has more moneythan he knows what to do with." She"Ah, such ignorance must be bliss.''BOW TO BANKRUPT DOCTORS.A prominent New York physician-says "If it were not for the thinstockings and thin soled shoes wornby women the doctors would probably be bankrupt." When you contract a cold do not wait for it to de-Rest Was Easy."I understand you speak Frenchlike a native." "No," replied the stu-I tanf "T'no r-tt U rr.wimmn- nA ,,velop into pneumonia, but treat it at i t 6W" r -7" ,rmr nhamhpriain's Hour T?oflv accent down pretty fine, but it's hardMARCONI TALKS ACROSS SEAOfficials in Nova Scotia Hears Message From Inventor FromClifden, Ireland.Sydney, S. C. Guglielmo Marconihas talked across the Atlantic bymeans of wireless telephony, whichhe is perfecting.There can be little doubt to this.One day recently the sending of wire-Paint Cleaner.An excellent cleaner for painted surfaces is made as follows: Two quartsof hot water, two tablespoonfuls ofturpentine, a pint of skimmed milkand enough soap to make a weaksuds.The Wise Man.Now a wise man is one who understands himself well enough to makedue allowance for such insane moodsand varieties, never concluding that athing is thus or thus because just nowit bears that look. Horace BushnelL-STOMACH TROUBLES .DISAPPEARStomach, liver and kidney troubles,weak nerves, lame back and femaleills disappear when Electric Bittersare used. Thousands of womenwould not be without a bottle in theirhome. Eliza Pool, of Depew, Okla.,writes: "Electric Bitters raised mefrom a bed of sickness and sufferingand has done me a world of good. Iwish every suffering woman couldused this excelllent remedy and findout, as I did, just how good it is."As it has helped thousands of others,it surely will do the same for you.Every bottle guaranteed, 50c. "and$1.00.At all druggists. H. E. Bucklen& Co., Philadelphia or St. Louis.(adv)(Dec.)Visiting Gull Honored."Tommy," a seagull which visitsSouthwold, England, every fishing season, has been elected an honorarytnember of the Southwold Sea Anglers'society, and adopted as the society'screst.DEAFNESS CANNOT BE CURCKCuriosity."Beware of the counterfeit $50notes," says Uncle Sam, "it must bepleasant even to look at an imitation.If Uncle Sam will show us some realones, perhaps we'll know how toguard against the imitations." SaltLake Tribune.Pickings Better Here.Official salaries in England may bemuch greater than those paid in thiscountry, but there are not nearly somany opportunities over there tomake a little on the side. Washington Post,Eugenics.The self-made man was speaking.He said: "My father was a raiser ofhogs. There was a large family ofus." And then his voice was drownedby the applause. Life.Zowie !"There you go, up in the air again!"said the goal-post. "It isn't my fault,'remonstrated the football; "it's thefullback. He's such a kicker!"once. Chamberlain's Cough Remedyis intended especially for coughs and-colds, and has won ,a wide reputationTjy its cures of these diseases. It ismost effectual and is pleasant andsafe to take. For sale by all dealers.Dec) (adv)Guglielmo Marconi.less telegraph messages betweenGlace Bay and Clifden, Ireland, wassuspended for half an hour while Marconi at Clifden experimented with hisnew wireless apparatus between Ireland and Cape Breton."The experiment succeeded perfectly; that is all we dare tell you," saythe wireless operators at Glace Bay,who are sworn to secrecy when theyenter the Marconi service.Permanent Polish for Stoves.Instead of soiling the hands with ordinary blacking there are severalkinds of improved polishes on themarket which are to be applied witha paint brush and which keep attractI ive for a couple of weeks. - This polishalso comes for the nickel part ofr thestove.To Cure a Soft Corn.A certain cure for soft corns is todip a piece of soft linen rag in turpentine and wrap it around the toe,replenishing it night and morning. Therelief is instantaneous and in a fewdays the corn will disappear.Masculine Contrariness.A Chicago woman says that 60 percent, of the men would rather contribute to the purchase of a new car- ipet for the church than to wear it outafterward. The other 40 per cent,merely wear out the carpet and refuse to contribute to the new one.Recognized."How dare you lift your hat to me,sir!" she cried. "I never saw you before in my life." "I know, but this ismy brother's hat, and he's a friend ofyours."Revenue From Mushrooms.One of the principal by-products ofthe national forests of Japan is furnished by mushrooms, which hareyielded in one year a revenue of amillion dollars.By local applications, as ther'not reach the diseased portions of tkmear. There is only one way to cardeafness, and that is by constitutional remedies. Deafness is nearlyalways caused by an inflamed condition of the mucous lining of thef JNtachfan tube. When this tube is iaflamed you have a rumpling sound orimpaired hearing, and when it is entirely closed, deafness is the reert:and unless the inflammation be taken out and this tube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will be destroyed forever; nine cases out often are caused by Catarrh, which isnothing but an inflamed condition ofthe mucous surfaces.We will give One Hundred Dollars for any case o deafness (causedfby catarrh) that cannot be cured byHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, XSold by druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. '(Dec.) , (adv)FARM m.$1,000 to $it,dfbW. KING & SON,tiZ5 Chcapsldc'ILexlneton. KyComfort?"Well," said Aunt Deborah with asigh. "I shall not be a nuisance toyou much longer." "Oh, don't saythat!' replied her married and impecunious nephew, "you know youwill."eperu cent;For Tightwads.Advice to Misers Take care of thepennies and the dollars will take careAnotner Lie Nailed."So you brand as a lie your oppo-of your heirs and their lawyers. Dal ' nent's statement that you have yourlas News.Will Not Prosecute Elopers.St. Clairsvllle, W. Va. Elopers wholto about their ages in obtaining marriage licenses here need have no fearof the law. Judge Nichols has announced that no more prosecutions forage misrepresentation will be begun.Long Time to Go.Can you imagine a month without afull moon? It never occuued but onceand will not happen again for 2,500,00Cyears.price?" asked the interviewer. "Yesexplained Senator Buncombe. "Payment "was held up." Buffalo Express.I Wky5P2P3i Mot tin -bul -to learn the gesTures."Glvt Him the Hide Then.Many a prodigal son isn't worth 'nilTeal. Norfolk Virginian-Pilot.Arrest Brothers for Fighting.Yonkers, N. Y. Frank, Andrew andNicholas Holly, brothers, two of ihemtwins, were arrested for fighting in acar. The trouble was caused by Andrew and Frank not liking the liancooof Nicholas.Filial Respect.The Farmer "I hear there's a finefat pig for sale here. Can I see it?"The Boy "Fey-ther! Some onewants to see yer." Sketch.Time Saving.Dorcas "A Von't our meeting bevery late if all the members are going to take part in the debate?" Mrs.Dorcas "Why, no, dear! We'll allspeak at once." Judge.Instead.No matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affecrcd. a particle.No matter Vic curves cr vr-lleys'ofyour roof you ne.a ::o tin f cove?them, for Analga: ict-d AT. J FJOFINai vorv v1!.tI ?o. It i - V'c P-r?t Roofair..-cry vWhy, Indeed?The man glared at the telephoneHe would fain relieve his mind, but Jthere were ladies present. "Why," ihe at length exclaimed ingeniously,"should I say 'hello,' when the reverseis true?" Lippincott's magazine"What a wretched picture!" remark-; andthe rw.r;uco r ' 1; r L.lierthaned the visitor at the salon. "I wonder - hen s e or no.1 1 i : u 1-how they ever happened to hang it?"' We awIm -tee o rn;n'?hr rnnl tHojnonej"Oh, the artist escaped probably."In Need."I noticed you applauded that armless wonder at the show last night.""Yes, I thought lie deserved a hand."if our rtotiu i- J.ot jn " v y suliaiuriory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Sofd by Millcrsfaurg Coal andLumbre Co.,MHlersburg, Ky.r3TwinStoreCorner7th and Main,Paris, Ky.Whcne announce a Sale it is sure enough an advantageous slaughter of prices for the people. We cut down belowcost of manufacture of goods, because we mean to sell out all Winter stock of sLadies' and Misses' Suits, Cloaks, Furs, Millinery, Dressgoods, Underwear, Etc-Just'tojgive you an idea that we mean a bonif ide Sale, we quote a few items, as space is here limited.See our Christmas supply of Toys and Beautiful Presents.ffa'MlIP!'.200 Ladies' and Misses'Suits and Cloaks, at' $8.95Worth Double195 Ladies' Suits andCloaks Stylish- at$11.98Worth Doublek185 Ladies' stylish Suitsand Coats at$14.50Worth Double300 Ladies' Long Coats,Special Price This Sale$2.98MaiiMBiaMHWMnnMiMillinery atHal PriceSee Our Christmas Toys,A Present500 Umbrellas, at98c 'Worth $1.50Kfrnona Outing, worth 15cSale Price 10c50inch Dressgoods,Sale Price 49cYardwide Cloth andSerge at 25c500 Skirts at$2.49200 Children's Hats at50cUnderwear at Sale Price100 Silk Waists at$1.98Rain Coats at Sale PriceOuting Night Gowns45cWide Ribbons at 10cHandkerchiefs at SalePrice.Ladies7 Hose at 8cMuff and Neck Furs atSale PriceCalicoes and Outing nowat Sale PriceHouse Dresses atSale PricePetticoats at 49cChilhren's Coats atSale Price ,Sweaters atfSale PriceChildren's Dresses at49cFine Ostrich Plumes atSale PriceLadies' and Children'sCloaks at SpecialSale Priceoor W-Big Assortment of Toys and. Presents For ChristmasCome and SeeBring Your Friends and Neighbors, andRemeber the Place for- this Sale,WWide Messaline Silk,also Plaid Siik, atSale PriceLadies' and Children'sKnit Hoqds at Sale PriceDepartment Store, Cor. 7th and Main.-3.'-iVwHMma&vwv ' ,""' Jlsmbwwijr. "tn1 " m jjpu'-rrTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. DECEMBER 23, 1913.i- .715iIr 'i1IMliir:5,JHj mU!B5ktTHr ;Ik-iiUK'Joi !1:tf!,.J li4irt' ? ui J,V 1.i (in!Frf.HEWS. OF MILLERSBURGMr. W. T. McConnell, son and. daughter, of Piqua, were guests of3Ir and Mrs. Aaron McConnell, Saturday and Sunday.The little folks of the Presbyterian Church will give an entertainnient this evening. Public invited." ' "Rust assortment of cndies. fruitsand nuts for Christmas. Call and see!us before buying-.(12-2t) S. E. BRUCEThe postoffice and the bankswill observe Christmas Day byclos-' ing. The postoffice will close atS:3Q a. m., and remain so until 6 p."" There will be a reunion of the- family of Mr. Thos. McClintock at hishome Christmas day. At 10 a. m.-the family presents will be given outfrom the tree.Mr. and Mrs. Owen Head and little daughter, Virginia, and sister,3Iiss Anna Head, of Paris, wereguests Of Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Headfrom Friday until to-day.See our handsome line of box.candios Just what you want forChris: roas. Put up in handsome attractive boxes.12-2t) S. E. BRUCE.All members of Amity LodgeNo, 40, F, & A. M., are requested to"be present Saturday night, the 27th.The occasion will be he annual election of officers. Time 7:30 p. m.Don't forget the date. 23-2tThe following are among - thenumber who are attending the Christmas holidays at their homes and visiting friends here: Misse Nancy Whaley, of the Eastern Kentucky StateNormal Institute, of Richmond, AnnaJames McClintock, of Luke ForestUniversity, Lake Forest, 111., at theirhomes; Misses Alma Hurst andLouise Donaldson, of Lexington, withMr. and Mrs. O. E. Hurst.THE SICK Mrs. M. J. Caldwellis able to be about the house. Mr. P.L. Dimmitt, who has been quite ill for"he past two weeks, is able o be outagain. Mrs. J. H. Collier and Mr. J.J. Peed continue about the same.Miss Amelia Hurst continues to improve. Our offices will be closed all day, Christmas Day..MILLERSBURG COAL & LUMBERCOMPANY.D. E. CLARKE & CO.(19-2t)' Mr. Don Wagner and sister, 'MissGladys, of Cincinnati, were guests oftheir cousin, Mr. and Mrs. Aaron McConnell, Monday and today. Theywere enroute to Germantown to visittheir crandmother, Mrs. ElizabethHarrjflfcJBBpttle folk of the Christianchurcere made happy Mondaynight with a Christmas tree at thechurch, which was heavily laden withpresents for all the classes. It presented a beautiful spectacle .with itsilluminations. A real original oldSanta Claus distributed the presents.Be sure and see my line beforebuying Christmas gifts. I have an up' "to date line of jewelry, watches,chains, fobs, lockets, vallieres, bracelets, cuff links, tie pins, clasps, foun-- tain pens, silverware, toilet articles,both in "Parisian ivory and silver, silver card cases, mesh bags, and cutglass. It costs nothing to look.(19-2t) AARON MCCONNELL.V2Vtf'HMBMMMMMBBMMBMBBMMMMMwWBWWiMMMMMBMBWBBWBBBBBMMMWBWMBMMWtt3MMMIN BEST AND MOST FASHIOIUBLE FOOTWEAFI FOR MEN, WOMEN AND GHILMENOn account of the extraordinary warm weather, and because of our enormous purchases of Footwear) which is arriving every day and crowding us for room, we are -compelled to offer to the public just in time for holiday shopping,FOOTWEAR AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICELadies, yoti never had such an opportunity to practice economy. New Shoes in all leathers and styles,absolutely perfect in every detail. They come inPatent Leather and Gun Metal, C) t$4.00 and $4.50 values, at... WMbv V WLadies' Goth Tops in Gun Metal and Patent, including the much-desired "Baby 44P MDoll Shoe," $3.50 and $4 quality . 9Li47Ladies' Gun Metal and Patent in Btton and Lace,low and high heels, $3.00 Cf CIOvalues, at D I 55A big assortment of Ladies' Shoes in button andlace of regular $2.00 and $2.50 fl-f 4 Avalues, at - I "Hr 5A very big selection of Boys' and Girls' School Shoes in all leathers and-styles at prices which willsave you fifty per cent on the dollar. vMen's and Women's Slippers Restful, Pleasing, Full of Comfort. A very desirable gift for all atTHE LOWES PRICES. " -Rubbers and High Top Shoes of all kmds and descriptidn at wholesale prices. 4 Satisfaction guaranteedBY THE OLD RELIABLE HOUSEi.Br vDEATHSMOOREMrs. Fannie Moore aged nineteenyears, the young wife of Mr. C. H.Moore, died Friday morning at 2o'clock at their apartments, cornerof Main and Seventh -streets. Deathw!as due to pulmonary tuberculosisfrom which Mrs. Moore had heen asufferer for several months. She wasthe daughter of Mr. and Mrs. WilliamDuncan, of Nicholas county, and hadbeen married to Mr. Moore about ayear. The funeral took place Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock, servicesbeing conducted by Rev. J. S. Sims,and the remains were interred inthe Paris cemetery.MORROW.Mrs. Lizzie Brown, of this city,received a message Thursday, apprising her of the death of her mother,Mrs. Mary Hutchison -Morrow, whichoccurred in San Francisco, California, Tuesday, at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. William Marrs, whowas formerly Miss Mattie Lee Morrow. Mrs. Morrow was the widow of thelate Alonzo Morrow who moved fromthe Hutchison neighborhood to California about eighteen years ago, andwho has been dead about fifteenyears. Mrs. Morrow was an invalidfor several years, being a victim ofslow paralysis, and for several weeksher death had been expected. Shewould have been 72 years old Christmas day, and was a consecratedChristian woman, a devoted motherand a kind friend and neighbor.Mrs. Morrow is survived by fourchildren, Mrs. Brown, of Paris; Mrs.Marrs, of San Francisco; Mrs. Edward Fry, of Seattle; Mr. Ernest Morrow, of Chicago. Also by two sisters,Mrs. Ell Ashurst and Mrs. J. W. Harris, of Vanceburg, Ky., and one brother, Mr. Joseph Hutchison, of Colorado. The funeral and burial tookplace Friday in San Francisco.QUISENBERRY.On Saturday Mr J T Quisenberryreceived the distressing news of thedeath of his only son, Mr. StrauderQuisenberry, at Montrose, Colorado,at 9 o'clock, Friday night.Mr. Quisenberry formerly residedhere, and visited his father and sisters about five years ago when hewas en route to Colorado from NewYork, where he held a responsible position with a large importer of lacesand white goods; but finding thathis health was beginning to be impaired, he decided to locate in theWest.He had a good position with aGovernment surveying party, andwrote cheerful letters to the membersof his family, who hoped that thehigh altitude and invigorating climateof Colorado would completely restorehis health. But dnring the terrifficstorm which raged there a few weeksago Mr. Quisenberry contracted adeep cold resulting in hemorrhagesfrom the lungs, and finally in death.His family knew of his condition,but were informed about a week agothat he showed some improvement,and had a chance to recover, so thatthe news of his death was a greatshock.Mr. Quisenberry was thirty-eightyears of age, and was a model youngman, quiet and retiring, in manner,JUSTFORHoliday Shopping!We Are Offering: to the PublicGREAT SH0E BARGAINSIDJTST COHENand always courteous and affable.He is survived by his father and twosisters, Mr. Lena. Parker and Mrs. I.F. McPheeters, all of this city.The body was shipped from Montrose Saturday, and wljl -probablyreach Winchester tomorrow, wherethe burial will take place in the family lot in the cemetery. The exact.time for holding the services cannotJ be deermined yet.GASS.A communication received in thiscity yesterday told of the death ofMr. John Gass, which occurred atStockdom, Cal., on Saturday, December 13, and which was the result ofparalysis of the heart. Mr. Gass'death was very-'sudden, the membersof his family being away from home,his wife in Seattle, Wash., and his sonin Honolula. The deceased was aformer resident of this city, and wasa son of the late Mr. John Gass. Hewas a brother of Mrs. Bowen Tate,formerly Miss Mary Webb Gass, ofthis city, who together with hismother, resided with the daughter in.Denver, Col., also survives. Mr. Gasswas aged about 45 years and will beremembered by many of the oldercitizens of this city.McDERMOTT.Mr. John P. McDermott, aged 65years, formerly of this city, died yesterday morning at 7 o'c'lock, at St.Anthony Hospital, In Louisville, following a protracted illness of severalmonths. While a resident of thiscity, Mr. McDermott was engaged inbusiness. Since that time he hastraveled exensively. He visited hisfamily in Paris about two months ago.He is survived by his wife and fivechildren, Mrs. J. P. Hanley and Miss jTheresa McDermott, of Louisville,Miss Nora McDermott, of this city,Mr. Fred McDerpmott, of Dallas, Texas, and Mr. John R. McDermott, ofthis city.The remains will be shipped fromLouisville this morning, arriving hereabout noon, and the runeral will takeplace from the Church of the Annunciation Wednesday morning at nineo'clock, conducted by Rev. FatherEugene DeBruyn. Burial in the Catholic Cemetery..CUT FLOWERS.,Fine fresh cut flowers for funerals,parties, weddings, etc., furnished onshort notice.(It) JO YARDEN.READ THE AD.Read our advertisement on page 5.It contains suggestions that will J)eof value to you. Anything mentionedin this ad would be a useful and ornamental gift. Remember we save youmoney. No trash. Everything worththe money.J. T. HINTON.YOU WILL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction by trading at(tf) ' FELD'S. 'PRICE AND QUALITY.For the best quarlity, and the bestprice on Christmas goodies, call onus.(x) JOHN SAUER.,N TIMEMen, do you want the best in shoes? Our line o .Shoes cannot be duplicated anywhere under $5.00and $6.00. A large assortment of the famousWalk-Over in all styles and . CtiflL 1leather at wHK WMen's dress or work Shoes in Gun? Metal andTan, $4.00 and $5.00quality, atMen's best Shoes, maderegular $4.00 values,atA very large assortmentMetal, Button and Lace,$3.00 Values atL. Ml N. IS MAKING GREAT vIMPROVEMENTS IN PARISAa an evideuce that the Louisville& Nashville Railroad Company willcontinue, with this city as the terminal of the .Kentucky Central Division,and with a view of providing additional accommodations to meet the rapidincrease in business at this point,following the opening of the branchof the road leading into the coal fieldsof Eastern Kentucky, extensive improvements are now under way in theyards of the company in this city.Purchasese of adjacent lands toy furnish additional track room and to provide sites for a number of buildingshave been made and an immense ex,penditure in addition to that whichhas been made in the past few yearsto improve thp local yards, will makethem the largest, .perhaps, in Kentucky. Four acres of ground in the southyards liave been purchased from Mr.W. K. Griffith, of Harrison county,and work on the new improvementsis now under way and will be pushedto an early completion. The company secured one acre from Mr."Griffith, located in the triaugle between the main line and ,$lie Lexington branch, and running out to theClintonville pike, near the limits ofthe city. On this land have been'moved the offices of the Yardmaster,together with the large tower house,and many other" buildings are underconstruction. The strip of land extending souh to the Clintonville pikewill be used to provide additionaltrackage. Three acres also purchased from Mr. Griffith on the main linewill also be used for addiional trackage. Depressions in the tracks -of thesouth yards occasioned by the lowering of the grade to conform withthat established in the double tracking of the main line between this cityand Winchester are being filled withstone, and within a few months it isexpected the entire yards will be putinto use.The work of building trackage inthe rear of the round house is nearing completion, and the constructionof a large woodworkshop will be commenced at once. With the completion of the shop the L. & N . willbring additional (men to Paris inJarge numbers, who will be employedin doing the heavy repair work oncured an option on the remainder offreight caijs, which has heretoforebeen done in Covington.Grading the yards is progressingrapidly and is about half completed.Contracting firms who have the workin charge are reducing the grade atdifferent points from one to five feet.Unconfirmed reports are to the effectthat the railroad company has sethe Grffith land in the triangle between the main line and the Lexington branch, adjacent to the southyards, and that it will soon be takenover. It is not known to what usethis ground will be put to unless itis to provide sites for additionalshops and trackage room.Plans for a large and commodiousbrick passenger station in Pariswhich have been submitted to theofficials in Louisville, it is said havebeen approved and returned, and itis expected the work will begin in theearly spring. The new station, according to reports, will be located onthe site of the present frame structure. A large portion of the double track$3.49in Lace and Button,4Cil9 QAWB V9of Men's Shoes in GunM AA9 WWJr 'V-k V-,-iv-' '. WIJHi INo SubstitutesRETURN to the grocer all substitutes sent you for Royal Bak-ing Powder. There is no substitute for ROYAL. Royal is a pure,cream of tartar baking powder, andhealthful. Powders offered as substitutes are made from alum.between this city and Winchester hasbeen completed, and upon -whichtrains are now running. Since thebeginning of the improvements inhis city three years ago, the Louisville & Nashville has spent more thana quarter of a million dollars in thelocal yards alone, and the additionalimprovements will aggregate severalthousands more..LADY'S DES;v FOR 5.Have-that desk set aside for Christmas.A. P. WHEELER & CO.(x)A SUITABLE G1HTGive father a Setson hat or a pairof Stetson slioesfor Christmas. AtMitchell & Blakemore's(16-3t)LOCAL POSTOFFICE FLOODEDWITH CHRISTMAS MAIL.The local postoffice is literallyflooded with Christmas mail and theentire office force with additionalhelp, are being pushed to the utmostto handle the deluge. The businessof the Paris office this Christmas isheavier by far than ever before, ow:ng to the parcel post ruling, bywhich twenty pounds can be sent bymail.Each outgoing train gets a largenumber vof tie-pouches filled almost tooverflowing with Christmas packages.Yesterday more than a hundred of thepackages were dispatched from thispoint, while an equal number weresent out Saturday.Yesterday a wagon was put jntoservice to deliver pn reels to all pointsin the city and with each day untilChristmas it is expected to he keptgoing full hours in order to makeoromnt deliveries. A deluge of mail,it is the opinio a of the office officials,will almost swamp the clerks to-dayand to-morrow, but every effort is being made to properly meet any emergency. Postmaster N. A. Moore has arranged to keep the general delivery window at the office open Wednesdaynight until 8 o"clock, that patronsmay receive mail coming in on thetrains which arrive too late for theregular delivery.TOYS! TOYS!J. D. Burnaugh, Main, near 14thToys. (X).A' FINE LINE.A fine line of Christmas candies.Leave your order early,(x) m J. E. CRAVEN.FOR BLACK CAKESAll the ingredients for making blackcake, such as orange peel, lemon peel,citron, seeded raisins, dates, spices,etc. Fresh English walnuts, pecans,almonds, figs, etc. Phone us your order and Ave will saVe you money.(5-5t) T. C. LTNEHAN.DON'T WORRY.Don't worry about what to give forChristmas. Come in our store andlet us suggest and show you some ofthe most beautiful and acceptablegifts that could be bought. Selectwhat you want and we will lay itaside and deliver when you say.J. T. HINTON.i APPRECIATION! IWe wish you a verj cTVIeny"Chrismas and a Happy New Year,andlavail ourselves of this opportunity"to express our appreciation for the courtesie shown in the past, and assure youthat jiuring the coming year we willendeiivor to give you the very bestservice possible.'t:l Paris i Gas &IncorporatedA1THEATRICAL.Columbia.In "The Reart of a Rose." An attempt nas been made in this play toi vivid contrast the sortof life led by many young men as opposca to iha of the girls to whom theybeepme engaged. It is the old erroneous assumption that the man may doas he pleases as regards including hisappetites, but the woman must invariably walk a chalk line in order toprove herself a worthy and virtuouswife. Some day somewhere someone will have the nerve to establishthe fact that "what is sauce forBr-er Gander is pretty good gravy forthe Goose," and therace of men wibecome so completely buffaloed withapprehension that their fiancees areleading the high old life that they'llbe mighty circumspect in their ownactions."The Mystery of Tusa," an American drama. A thrilling encounter ofa secret service agent with a bandof outlaws."Two Old Tars" is the title of theother reel that will be shown. Key ,stone comedy"- " "OLD TUCKER.Old Tucker, 1.25 per quart, thsbest Christmas whisky; besides OldElk, Van Hook and Sam Clay, bottled in bond.T. F. BRANNON.President Wilson's lucky "13" will:again be in evidence when the familywill -celebrate the 113th White HouseChristmas Day.J. D. BURNAUGH,MAIN, NEAR 14TH.Santa Claus on December 23rd and24th.Christmas Goods!We Have ChristmasPresents Both Usefuland Beautiful.Pedestal, Dining Tables.Chairs, Rockers, LibraryTables, Brass Beds. Roomand Hearth Rugs, FloorRugs, Hign Class ArtFramed and Sheet Forms,Mirrors, Bed Room Sets,frail Rockers, Jardineres.We shall greatly appreciateyour calling and seeing our initial stook. Not expensive, butchosen with care and a desre toplease. Anything in our linenot in stock will be orderedwith an aim to please and satisfy. Goods to remain fn ourpossession if not sarisfacton-.With great appreciation ofyour liberal patronage in thisnew field, I will try to serveyou better in the future.M. E. PRU3TT,Furniture Dealer, Pnneral Director and Embalmer,MiHersburg, Ky.ttI4ElectricV- j&"Hi- ..'Vtiiii-i-1ifvftfi-vrjs? tJL-' '