THEOURBONTSfc-!..-y- -tfcV,I-. '7 " '?X-' yv-Atv.:.PUBLISHED EYFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAHItr ?VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 8, 1913.v.vNEWS?ifr'I4fi&immWggkZ A : Zs s?3 Tig ,11I2 Ls YourWatch WorkrWe are Bificient .We are Prompt ITry us.r-.i .flBfe mmbmmbm .Lh. aHMHMIt -- MMMma . r.J " "-" mmi -.-w.. mv. , "OTHHHMV HHt'REPORT OF COMMISSIONERSFILED; APPLICANTS APPROVED.rjt p-- iIhe tanninisMMiEiMg Season!Now On IBefore buying your Cans, Jars,Sealing Wax, etc., see us. Wecary a full line and will save yousome money.At the regular monthly meeting ofthe Bourbon Fiscal Court held yesterday the reports of the commissionersof both Garth and Hamilton Fundswere submitted and the list of beneficiaries recommended by the respective bodies were approved.The report filed by the Garth Fund'Commission, composed of Messrs. C.M. Thomas, John T. Collins and Emmett M. Dickson, was exhaustive andwas to the effect that the examinationof applicants had been held on July 24,at which time twenty-eight applied forrenewed assistance. Of the total number of beneficiaries last year, six didnot apply. They were Herbert Craven,Bedford Curtis, James Horton, Won.Lail, William Mason and Frank McCarthy. The latter completed his education last year, graduating from StateUniversity, and at the recent meetingof the commissioners was present toextend to that body an expression ofthanks.The list of old beneficiaries approved by the Fiscal Court are as follows:Ed. Brophy, $60.Wm. Boardman, $75.Wayne Cottingham, $30.Charles Dickerson, $100.Finnell Estes, $25.Clyde Forman, $40.Eli Freedman, $50.Emerson Galloway, $150.Wm. Linehan, $100.Thos. Letton, $65.Jos. Lether, $40.Thomas Link, $100.Weaver Neal, $185.Roy Pepper, $110.John T.Redmon, $25.Allen Smith, $25.Madison Smoot, $25.Wm. K. Thomas, $115.Ed. Woods, $50.Baldwin Woods, $25.William Carter, $35.Ellis Hayden, $150.Jos. Ashcraft, $35.Dennis Snapp, $30.Paul Brannon, $35.An increase in the allowance of anumber of the beneficiaries over lastyear was made. The aggregateamount to be received by the old beneficiaries during the coming schoolterm will be $1,655. A report receivedfrom the Treasurer of the fund was tothe effect that a sum amonuting to$1,784 would be at the disposal of theCommissioners thisyear. Four new applicants were admitted to the benefitsof the fund as follows:William T. Henry, $60.Clarence Harney, $50.Emmett Curtis, $25.Stuart Wallingford, $35.The report contained the names oftwenty-eight new applicants, and fromthis number the four -ihich stood thebest examination were selected.Hon. E. M. Dickson, who for the pasttwenty-three years has been a memberbf the Board tendered his resignationto the Fiscal Court and asked that itbe accepted."WE KNOW HOW""-HStone's Wrapped CakesReceived Fresh EveryDayK-A:r-m'vL -I-$ryr- t.Our Entire Line ofStraw Hatsare now on sale atHALF PRICET. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.IJBaraPSSw?!JpKjPTJJ'riMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to Men Paris, Kentucky!WAl?&HX5nSH5e rELffiiniiii!iiiiiiinimra!(iiiii!i!ii!iriinii!ii!iiiiiir:' "HCC jC iSr -a m:illllUKIIi!31lMimil1llIUIJMll!llllll!IIUIIlimiIIlISMen's Straw HatsHHATHALF PRICE' SPECAL PRICES ONBOYS' SUITS ?One lot of Summer Underwear,small sizes, 35c; worth 50.WmPR16E & 60. Giotmersand FurnishersS?SraviKrtl!t ..,.,,. t.v-yjfe'ry'2r if; jg a mmimmj i"U sl vmmiMwmThe Commissioners of the HamiltonFund also filed a report in which it wassaid that of the twenty-five benefl'ciaries last year twenty had appliedfor a renewal of benefits and thatthirty-nine new applicants had beenexamined. The character and financial condition of each of the applicants had been investigated, the result being that each was found to bedeserving of the fund, but because ofthe limited amount to be distributedamong the applicants ouly four newbeneficiaries were admitted. Wherepossible, the young women were assigned to schools of their choice, andespecially those where domestic science was taught. The conduct and re-sports of each had been investigatedand found to be of the highest order.During the past school term ten young'ladies received a course in this department, Miss Jennie Howard beingengaged by the Commissioners as instructor.The old applicants admitted to thefund were as follows:Miss Martha Viley, State University, $150.Miss Frances Brown, State Normal,$100.Miss Gertrude Bramel, State Normal, $100.Miss Mary Colvin, State Normal,$100.Miss Fay McWhorters, MillersburgFemale College, $75.Miss Georgia Oliver, Millersburg Female Colege, $70.Miss Ethel Campbell, Milersburg Female College, $50.Miss Ada Plummer, Bourbon College, $75. .Miss Melvina Sharon, City School,$75.Miss Lina Crowe, City School, $50.Miss Katherine Meglone, MidwayOrphans' School, $75.Miss Grace McCord, City School,$25.Miss Bessie O'Neal, City School, $25.Miss Katherine Kenney, City School,$25. """ftJNIMIMiss Mary F. Woods, City School,$25.Miss Ellen Henry, City School, $25.Miss Lillian Neal, City School, $35.Miss Julia Edwards, City School, $25Miss Vella Mastin, City School, $25.Miss Anastasia Brannon, ParochialSchool, $25. uMiThe new beneficiaries are:Miss Mattie .Rose, Midway Orphan'sSchool, $75.Miss Elvina Smith, Hamilton College, $25.Miss Jessie M. Fee, Bourbon College,$25.Miss Mary T. Mitchell, MillersburgFemale College, $40.Miss Mabel Adair, City School, $25.i Little other business of importancewas before the court and after allow-ijipk ling claims to the amount of $833.65,S$!s courvt adjourned.I)!FRANK & COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.id2EXTRA SPECIALREDUCTIONSmON ALLpiesREADYT0WEARGARMENTSFor Summer Wear1 1 FRANK fc CItilUl I LW 1441 Himt M1iWTJMJIl:MJliniI!!!ll MWI.E1JI1HHI!MIIIII IILIIJI ULI WH !UUWJtajnjiiiui!ll9aswiiiiiiiaiiii0-rVK--'-&i9sH..mwwmWMVL:xfhJ,y'ZXtHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWlFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second clasbEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayiSft33Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.&jMWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo- fine work and itdever goes beck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry ,Paris Kentucky.I4sOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months'. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.INSIST ON PURE SEEDFarmer May Determine Whether'Grain Contains Impurities.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space i a newspaper's stock intrad cou: c y. of revenue.ranwrrnraTHREE KILLED INOWSLEY BATTLE.rEverybody is Going toThe Blue Grass Fair-fcISix Big Days and NightsCommencingMonday, Aug11America's Greatest Horse Show.6 Big Horse Stakes. Running and Harness RacesDaily. $20,000 in Premiums. Splendid Display of Every Class of Live Stock.Liberates Concert Band and CrandOpera Company.High Class Vaudeville Every Turn aHead finer.Tree Acts Daily.Everybody from everywhereHike to the Blue Grass Fair.You may see all the rest,But come to Lexington to get the best.Reduced Rates on All Roads.For Catalog or further Information, addressJOHN; BAIN, ecretary,Lexington, KyThree men were killed and one injured in a general fight that grew outof the primary election in the upperBuffalo Creek district in Owsley county, according to a dispatch receivedfrom London, Ky. The names of thedead as given are Gilbert Harris,Claude Gilbert, that of the woundedman as Sid Gabbard.At Sterns, Homer Powell was shotand killed in a quarrel relating to alocal contest. The authorities areseeking Burrell West, who is accused.According to .information receivedfrom Nicholas county, Charles andWigg Bowen were probably fatallystabbed in a fight with John Drierlyand Gabe Ritchie. It is said theyquarreled over the merits of rival candidates.Great Care Should Be Exercised toPrevent Introduction of NoxiousWeeds Upon Land Difficult ofEradication.(By O. I. TILIiMAN.)By studying carefully the characteristics size, shape and color of grainand weed seeds, the farmer will beenabled to determine whether or nothis grain contains impurities. Greatcare should be taken to prevent theintroduction of noxious weeds uponland, as they are difficult to eradicate"I am an old man and many of my troublesnever- happened.'7 -ELBERT HUBBARDTHE white hair and wrirkled f a-Tes of cur. busy mn and woroei teHof doubt, fear and anxiety raor- tbuu lipase or age. Worry playhavoc withthe nervous sysleri so maldigestion la rained and sleepbanished. Yhat oil is to the friction of the delicate parss oi an engin28. P2BI2I5SOJ2jr-, OMesa liii? Pffiscowryis to the delicate organs of the body. It's Lorn- :ind cody bu.Her because itstimulates the liver to vigorous action. 2si t'io anmxti t jsms'iate food thusenriching the blood, and the nerves and r.eart m tun ar-j f on pure rich blood.Neuralgia "is the cry of starved nervi fo food." To- jorty yeara GoWeaMedical Discovery" in liquid form has i-3. great satisfaction as a tonic andblood maker.Now it can be obtained in iallci for?: from dealers in medicineor send 50 oite-ccizi sicx:??. fjr trialbox. Write R. V.Pierce,Bufalo.0 1; K III J IIJul 4& )'k I b&,, Sinih ' iy 1IkILflli mwS ww m HI 4W ?? "$ $wm trA m23 &I ib. Fxsrzrr:" mzrAwr peutetsjPJSiW'i'Sl iJcJEevs corn Cfcat'":, -osraiate tiic liver,1 rnd Vw-'"!. t-"-r f ta?" or, candy.SBHiBlt&fv&tsnzzfftS'rrfirfigA Burning Successis the coal from our yards. The fuel which wetake pride in selling to the good people of this cityand county.Splendid free-burning shaker screen coal.Every one says it is good. Lights easy, lasts long,makes a hot fire and has no equal in this market.Trying to Be Resigned."So you've lost your nice pussy cat,"sympathized grandma, hearing sadnews. "Too bad! I know how youloved him. You miss him dreadfully,I suppose?" "Oh, yes, I miss himsome," six-year-old John replied, withan air of chastened sorrow, "but then,grandma, since I've heard so muchabout this germ business I try tothink it's just as well."Important Shipping Point.As a distributing and trans-shippingcenter and a coaling station, Aldenranks with the most important portsin the near east. Millions of skins andhides are shipped to Europe and theUnited States every year.HAMILTONWANTSTO BE THE SPEAKER.UlRepresentative Elwood Hamilton, ofFranklin, nominated Saturday to succeed himself, said he would announcehis candidacy for Speaker of theHouse upon his return from Baltimore,where he went Monday to representthe local lodge of Eagles at the GrandAerie.In the Library.I never come into a library (saithHeinsius) but I bolt the door to me,excluding lust, ambition, avarice' andall such vices whose nurse is idleness,the mother of ignoraoce and melancholy herself; and in the very lap ofeternity, among so many divine souls,I take my seat with so lofty a spiritand sweet content that I pity all ourgreat ones and rich men that knownot their happiness. Robert Burton.COSTLY TREATMENT.-if Kentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixed'" 'for holding the Kentucky fairs in 1913as far as reported:Uniontown, Aug. 5 5 days.Taylorsville, Aug. 5 i days. 'Tri-County Fair (Carrell, Gallatin,Owen), Saunders, Aug. 64 days.Danville, Aug. 6 3 days.'Blue Grass Fair, Lexington, Aug. 116 days.Mt. Vernon, Aug. 6 3 days.Winchester, Aug. 6 days.Berea, Aug. 7 3 days.Fern Creek (Buechel), Aug. 12 1days.LeitcJhfield, Aug. 12 3 days.Henderson, Aug. 12 5 days.Brodhead, Aug. 13 3 days.Eerryville; Aug. 13 3 days.Vanceburg, Aug. 13 days.';. PARIS, AUG. 195 days.X Hardinsburg, Aug. 19 3 days.Lavrrenceburg, Aug. 19 days.Shepherdsville, Aug. 19 i days.Erlanger, Aug. 20 days.Stanford, Aug. 20 3 days.Bwing, Aug. 21 3 days.? Eminence, Aug. 21 3 days.Blizabethtown, Aug. 26 3 days.Shelbyville, Aug. 26 days.London, Aug. 26 days.Nicholasville, Aug. 26 3 days.Florence, Aug. 27 days.Germantown, Aug. 27 days.Alexandria, Se?pt. 2 5 days.Fulton, Sept 2 5 days.' Frankfort, Sept. 2 days.' Somerset, Sept. 2 days.Bardstown, Sept 34 days.Barboursville, Sept. 3 3 days.Tompkinsvttie. Sept 3 days.( Franklin, Sept e 3 days.1 Hbdgenvhlf . -em. 9 3 days.Monticello, Sapt. 9 4"days.Morgantown, Sept. 11 3 days.FASCINATING HAIR- FOR WOMEN"I was troubled with constipationand indigestion and spent hundredsof dollars for medicine and treatment," writes C. H. Hines, of Whitlow,Ark. "I went to a St. Louis hospital,also to a hospital in New Orleans, butno cure was effected. On returninghome I began using Chamberlain'sTablets, and worked right along. Iused them for some time and am nowall right." Sold by all dealers.(August)Is Easy to Have, NaturalColored and BeautifulWay of the World.Two little Eirls were nlayine "house"' with their dolls and having a lovelytime. A little seven-year-old boywatched their play laughingly forawhile and then said: "Ain't you kidsgot no use for a father?"So many women have grey or fadedhair; neglect it until it becomes thin,dry and lifeless, begins to fall out andmakes them appear much older thanthey really are. If your hair is inthis condition get a bottle of Hay'sHair Health today. Don't wait untilsome one says how much older youlook. You'll be delighted at theresults from even one or two applications. The grey hairs gradually disappear and your hair will become fullof life and vitality. No one can tellthat you are using it. It's not a dyebut a nice, clean preparation thatquickly and effectively keeps your greyhair dark, glossy and natural coloredand that all druggists guarantee satisfactory or refund your money. Always ask for Hay's Hair Health. Itnever fails.Free: Sign this advvand take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap, for 50c; or $1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two25c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for $1.VL. OBERDORFER, Druggist,. x s i Paris, Ky.-There Lay the Worry."I say, Sambo," asked a man ofan improvident negro who had losta job for the third or fourth time,"aren't you worried over the questionof wherewithal to support you?""Lordy, Marse Henry," was the reply."I ain't worryin' 'bout wherewithal,Ise worryin' 'bout de wherefore furde herein."Various Grain Seeds.and often cause permanent injury tothe land upon which they grow.a. Tuft Hair-grass. Hull single,white or straw colored, hairs and abristle at the base. In grasses.b. Wavy Hair-grass. Similar to a,but longer and brown. In grass.c. Common Oat. Hull single, mostly smooth, sometimes awned.d. Wild Oat. Hull single, straw-coloredor brown, hairy or only so at thebase, a twisted awn from middle scarringlike. In cereals.e. Tall Oat-grass. Hull single, nearly cylindrical, awned at base, strawcolored. In coarse grasses.f. Bermuda-grass. Hull single, flattened, smooth, straw-colored. In clovers and grasses.g. Molinia. Hull single, brown, dull.In European clovers and grasses.h. Orchard grass. Hull single, 1straw colored, curved and pointed. Inclovers and grasses.i. Dog's-tail grass. Hull single,brown, the pointed ape yellow andrough. In European clovers andgrasses.j. Kentucky Blue-grass. Hull single, light brown, usually acute" at ends,side veins distinct. In clovers andgrasses.k. Canada Blue-grass. Hull single,lighter colored than j, more blunt atends, side veins indistinct. In cloversand grasses, especially alsiko cloverand Kentucky blue-grass.1. Rat's-tail Fescue-grass. Hull single, straw-colored, rough, slenderawned. In clovers and grasses generally..m. Meadow Fescue-grass. Hull single, 1 straw-colored. Stem cylindricalexpanded at apex.n. Soft Chess. Hull single, lightstraw-colored, wrinkled, awned. Incoarse grasses.o. Cheat. Hull single, nearly cylindrical, straw colored, smooth, usuallyawned. In coarse grasses and cereals.p. English Rye-grass. Seeds similar to m, differ particularly in theflattened, wedge-shaped stem.q. Italian Rye-grass, seeds amerfrom p, chiefly in the slender awnfrom the apex. In grasses.r. Darnel. Seeds particularly similar to q, but larger and more robustIn cereals.s. Couch-grass. Seed clusters andsingle seeds similar to m and p.Found in cereale and awnless bromegrass.t. Sedges. Seeds brown, both freeand covered by flattened, flask-shapedhull. . Found mostly in grasses.u. Wild Onion. Bulbet's coveringpapery, white, straw-colored or purple.In cereals, particularly wheat.v. Hemp. Seeds gray, smooth,veined. In millets and ceteals.w. Field Sorrel. Seeds smooth, amber colored, shining, often covered byreddish hull. In farm seeds generally.x. Curled Dock. Seeds beechnutshaped, reddish brown, shining. Infarm seeds generally.BUY NOW FOR YOUR WINTER USEIF YOU ARE WISE.Dodsori DentonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Both Phones 1 40QxQSX3ggtf&9fc&cASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland TeVephone works for him. He will reply:Sells My Products 4. Protects the HomeGets Best Prices 5. Helps the HousewifeBrings Supplies ' 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For ltseli Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.1.2.3.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated..UTHALETO-DAYAT4' 114GOOD REASON FORHIS ENTHUSIASM.When a man has suffered for severaldays with colic, diarrhoea or otherform of bowel complaint and is thencured sound and well by one or twodoses of Chamberlain's Colic, Choleraand Diarrhoea Remedy, as is often thecase, it is but natural that he shouldbe enthusiastic in his praises of theremedy, and especially is this the caseof a severe attack when life is threatened. Try it when in need of such a(remedy. It never fails. Sold by allaeaiers.(August)k For Egg Production.The secret of egg production consist of a good feupply of grit, goodhealth, plenty of exercise, pure food,green food, fresh water, cut cloverhay and green cut bone, freedom fromlice, regularity In feeding, cool housesin summer and warm ones in winter,and breeding only from the best laying stock. - sTwin Bios. Deparfmeni StoreCorner Seventh and Main Sts.Dry Goods, Ladies' and Misses' Skirts, Waists, Shoes andMillinery, Slightly Soiled, Big Bargains.Care With Turkeys.Always be sure that every part ofany inclosure where the turkey henand poults are kept is well drained,sometimes the hen will sit down atnight in a low place, and a heavyrain will fill the depression with water and chill or drown the poults.It is not only lightning-proof but fire-proof andstorm-proof, too.CORTRIGHT METAL SHINGLESlast as long as the building and never need repairs.Just the thmg for town or country buildines. because thevmeet every condition or comfort, beauty and security.Kale in the Garden.Do not forget in planting your garden to provide, for a patch of kale.There are different -varieties, each ofwhich is good.iBS-SS hkFor Sale byBest & Hawkins, Millersbur Ky.t..-3-PCyMTEFTjff HfuBHwFhffimlSB' B W' f Ty Hf W!jt iZ -THE' BOURBON NEWS, . PARIS, KY., AUGUST 8 1913"DIAGNOSIS!If yen suspect that you have consumption go at once to your physicianto 'be cVasnosed. Dcn't delay! Everyday lost decreases the chance of cure.And go to the best physician. Eventhe best physicians can not immediately distinguish, tuberculosis in itsfirst stages from other troubles. Expect your physician to take a sampleof your spit, which can be examinedfree of charge in the laboratory of theState Board of Health. If germs oltuberculosis are found, that is absolute proof that the disease is present,even though you can see no outwardsigns of its inroads. If they are notfound, you may nevertheless have tuberculosis; in the early stages of thedisease more often than not the germswill not be found in the sputum. Ex-ipect your physician also to make acareful physical examination of thetrunk of your body from the waist lineto the neck. It will take him a fullhalf hour to do it thoroughly and, ifhe requests it, the patient must bestripped to the waist line.Hen Still Ahead.The hen lifted up her voice. "Theymay unscramble an omelet," she cried,"but I'd like to see them unaakle acackle."down the throat o a "gapey"chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinking: waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbonPoultry CureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine. (-Everv ooultry raiser should keep a bottle ofthis medicine on hand. Write for free samplejand Booklet on Diseases of Fowls." Address,6HURB0R REMEDY COMPANY, Lexington, Ky.&For Sale by VT. T. Brooks'4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Arc GuaranteedYOD TAKE NO RISKSIf You Are InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000;Fully PaidX CANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.'DR. WM, R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.!Martin Bros? Furniture Moving;,City Transferand First-CalssLiveryOur Facilities forHeavy Hauling isGood.X Our Livery is as good as theJ other fellows. Horses fedJ by the week or month.x We would appreciate a- share of your business.' Trompt attention given allS , orders.J Both Phones 2G0.I MARTIN BROS.,I Eighth St. ,Paris, KentuckyDANGER OF BLIND STAGGERSKansas Experiment Station Finds Disease Caused by Poison in Moldand Filth on Corn Ears.Information coming from widelyseparated places show that the cornear worm is causing injury and deathto farm animals by infecting themand giving them blind staggers. Following is an extract from an articlein Farm and Fireside:For five or six years occasional outbreaks of blind staggers in horseshave attracted attention. During thistime the Kansas experiment stationhas been making an experimentalstudy of this disease and its origin.Its exact cause is still only partiallyunderstood, but enough has beenlearned to place the blame safely onpoison in the mold and filth foundon ears damaged by the corn-earworm.The eggs of the adult insect causing this trouble are laid in the husksof the young ear. After hatching theear-worm burrows through, the softyoung kernels, leaving its filth,which, with the escaping juices ofthe corn, furnishes the best possiblemedium for the development of theseed mold and putrid decay. Sufficient of this poisonous material remains in the corncobs and corn tocause a gradual poisoning of thehorses consuming any considerablequantity of the damaged corn.The loss of horses in Kansas anda number of other states from blindstaggers has been found to be uncurable, even by a skilled veterinarian,unless the treatment is begun early.TO REINFORCE A DOUBLETREECan Be Made of" Oak Boards WithPiece of Metal Between ThemHold Strongest Team.A reinforced doubletree can be madeof two one-inch oak boards with apiece of metal, A, between them. Themetal should be about 3-16-inch thick.All three pieces should be cut andshaped alike and riveted together.The singletrees are made in the sameReinforced Doubletree.manner. They are not difficult tomake and will hold the strongest team,besides outlasting a dozen ordinarydoubletrees.SOWING SEEDS TOO THICKLYPractice Should Be Discouraged asOvercrowding Undermines Cultivation of Plants.(By W. R. GILBERT.)Thick sowing must be guardedagainst. Each seed should have roomto grow without crushing or injuringits neighbor.Over-crowding undermines the cultivation o plants at the start and it islong before, if ever, they outgrow it.Of course, small plants or seeds maybe sown more thickly than the largerones, but relatively they ought reallynot to be sown thicker.Each plant should have sufficientroom to develop its coyledons and oneleaf before it is thinned or prickedoUt.Every year vegetable crops are muchinjured by being sown too thickly andperhaps it is hardly too much to affirmthat most gardeners would be thegainers were only half the seed sownthat there is now.As to what to sow the seed in, thelighter the seed bed the better.Few seeds will vegetate in a lowertemperature than 40 degrees and inthe range of 20 degrees all seeds willgrow.Cause of "White Comb.""White comb" in fowls is caused bydecayed food, impure water and overcrowding in dark and filthy houses.There is a scurfy appearance to thecomb and wattles, head and neck, witha gradual' loss of feathers from thehead and neck. Treatment consists inremoving to clean quarters and givingwholesome food. At night grve a teaspoonful ofv castor oil, after which adddaily a teaspoonful of good conditionpowder to the soft food, and anointthe head and afflicted parts with vaseline. The castor oil need only begiven once.Egg-Laying Contest.Egg laying contests are now beingcarried on in many states of the union,and they are serving as an excellentstimulus to the utility side of thepoultry industry. While they neverhave and never will prove that onebreed or 'variety is superior to allothers, they do prove conclusively thatcareful breeding in certain strains orfamilies of fowls increase the egg production away above the average, andthus boosts the returns to even largerproportions.For Quick Growth.Every element required for quickgrowth and full development in pullets is found la milk, oatmeal, chappedclover and bran, and in such well-balancedproportions that the digestiveorgans will not be overtaxed in anyway.Sheep Fertilizer.On hillsides where coarser animalwaste would hardly stick long enoughto do the ground any good sheepdroppings take the place of a specially prepared fertiliser.r -aPOPULAR IN FRENCH CAPITALChild's Frock With Short Waist Really Is One of the Prettiest of theModels Offered.A very pretty model for a child'sfrock of marquisette or batiste is thissuggestion. Thisfrock has the extremely shortwaist vhichFrench designersexploit when theyare not offering amodel with anextremely longwaist. The skirtjoins the waistbeneath a band offine embroiderywhich continuesto the skirt hemon the left side.A narrow pleating of the batisteis rjlaced as aband about the bottom of the skirt.The embroidery finishes the sleeveswhile the round neck is outlined by apleated frill of the batiste. A knot ofrose ribbon worn to the left of thefront adds a touch of color to thefrock.BANDEAU HAT'HERE TO STAYMillinery Idea Seems to Have WonPermanent Place, After ManyUnsuccessful Attempts.Every so often the bandeau rises impertinently and tiptilts woman's headgear at a daring angle. Sometimesthis attempted uprising on the partof'hatbrims is sternly quelled by therefusal of womankind in general toaccept the style. Such was the caselast spring and the spring before that,but this year the bandeau reallyseems to have established a place foritself in millinery, and the latest models from Paris milliners show bandeaus under the brim at the back, thehat tipping forward over the face andshading the eyes. This achieves, ofcourse, an entirely new line, for thetrend of trimmings and shapes hasbeen backward and downward at theback and pointing downward over thenose will accomplish a metamorphosisin millinery if the bandeau idea takeshold.Two or three bandeau hats, displayed in a Washington window, attracted much attention. One was atiny affair of black Milan with a bitof a brim turning down at the frontand on one side. The low crown waselliptical in shape and was just highenough to fit over the hat. All aroundthis pert little hat went a wreath of"blapk-eyed Susans," and from thebandeau, set under the brim at theback, depended streamers of buff ribbon, edged with, a picot border ofblack.The other bandeau model was anold-fashioned leghorn "flat," whichwas tipped forward ona two-inch bandeau covered with blue moire ribbon.Streamers of the blue moire floatedfrom the bandeau and masses of forget-me-notsformed a low crown onthe flat-brimmed leghorn shape. Atthe front, a little cluster of heliotropeadded a charming bit of color contrast. NEWEST BATHING SUITThere is a certain dignity about thenew beach suit with a high Medicicollar of exquisite hand embroideryand lace and draped skirt that ismade attractive against a backgroundof blue skirt and sandy beach. Thisparticular model is developed instriped satin in rich Roman coloxings.Back to' Grandmother Styles.Some of the prettieBt of the newest fashions this season ' are reallyvery old ones the us of ribbons astrimmings, for instance. "Just look atthe way my new dress ia trimmedwith ribbon. Isn't it the smartestthing out?" says granddaughter, andgrandmother echoes t "New? Why,my child, fifty years ago on of mybest dresses was trimmed with ribbonin exactly that same way."From an Old Raincoat.An apron with a bib can be made forwash day, or when you give the babya bath. A bathing cap, and bag to carry your bathing suit, and little utilitycases dear to thd suit case of travelers,I may be made from a discarded raincoati jr i,,v ' "- ' y -SCIENCE NOTESThere are 20,000 different kind ofbutterflies.The average watch is composed of175 different pieces.There are 12,000 miles of pavedstreets within London's police area.The hair grows considerably fasterduring the summer than in the winter.Rice forms the principal article offood of about one-third of the humanrace.It takes the constant labor of 60,000 persons to make matches for theworld.In Durham there are no fewer than115,000 miners at work in the coalmines.A century ago there were in all Europe only 22 cities with more than100,000 inhabitants.The output of motorcars in theUnited States in 1912 is estimated atbetween 250,000 and 285,000.Montreal has an area of 40.23 squaremiles, or 25,747 acres, whereas in1883 the acreage was only 3,494.The French people are great chicken-raisers.A return gives the incomederived by them from this industryas $335,000,000.The total Indian population of theDominion of Canada on March 31 lastwas 104,956. In addition there were4,600 Esquimaux, making a nativepopulation of 109,556.SAVE MEFrom bridge whist and insanity.From society repartee and pink lemonade. From socialists, anarchists and acold kiss.From society climbers and trainedmonkeys.From young men just out of collegeand lunatics.From a woman who paints and coldstorage eggs.From a "brilliant" young womanand the cramps.From selling books and life insurance to my friends.From Bloomfield, N. J., and fromthe end of the world.From the free lunch counter andmarrying a girl for her money.From becoming engaged to a girl J"who is not exactly pretty, but awfullynice." iORDERrmThere's nothing like it.The less one has of it the more oneappreciates.Orderly people go through lifewithout a thought of it.They simply enjoy it without somuch as being grateful for it.Orderly? Why, of course, they, areorderly the very idea of not beingorderly!But there are others and very dearlythey pay for their really inexcusableshortcomings.Oh, yes, of course, inexcusable. Tothe orderly person all disorder isquite inexcusable.They never know the agony of being unable to find their purse whenthey are missing a train because theycan't find it.JOLTS AND JABSOne proof of the advance of culture in thfs country is the fact thatour citizens now buy de luxe editions jinstead of gold bricks.Possibly some one can explain whya man will travel 100 miles an hourin an aeroplane when he is not goinganywhere in particular.Golf is a state of mintl which enables a man to swelter under a hotsun and still feel pity for the poorslave who lolls about a cool officewhile an electric fan sends refreshingbreezes athwart his spine.FACT AND FANCYPersian bread is made in flaps.The best get-rich-quick concern is awealthy marriage.The tall live longer than the short.Americans have the smallest feet.Germans the largest.The fortunes of war nowadays arethe moving-picture rights.Picking pockets is a difficult andprecarious busines until you get yourlxiccna in.The man who keeps pace with thenew-year resolutions must be a splendid sprinter.POPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY, -ULg-xxs-tlO75cRoundTripSCENIC BEAUTY v OUTDOOR ENJOYMENT V MUSICTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at l&5aa.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further iaformado.-.. - .. H C KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON; KY.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALIEI.BOTH'PHONES DAI 137; JNIGHT 299.Twin Bros.' Department Store,701-793 Main Street, Corner SeventhSee Our Window For$12.50, $15.00 and $18.00 SuitsReduced toJpJ.lJoThesef SuitsJ arelinjthe, latest styles and colors and areexcellent values. Take a look at them. We also have aifull line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts andfeverything thi Men and Boys wear.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'lL-jWoHstein, Propri or.Special Rates & Excursions.Eucursionto Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, slug 10$1.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.Tickets good on special j trainonly.Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address. ;W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allayb itching at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 30c and 81.00.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky."Roxie" Daoi$!Cbe insurance. MmtLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire,n Wind,Lightning : : : :::::':Biggest antl Best Paying Companies.- Give OW "Nub" a' Calf . "2 Felloe 13775cRoundTripCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,'(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and old Baths at AllHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.NEW - BARBER - SHOP;Windsor Hotel.G&3Modern Equipment,PolitelService.:Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty;CARL CRAWFORDSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides Unjtil:Further Notice.wWe payl21-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us'upor bring it to our place.MAX MUNICH.y8th, Street, PAI, K.Call East Tenn. Phow 374itTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KY., AUGUST 8, 1913The Bourbon NewsEstablished Feb. 1, 1881.-SWIFT CHAMP,- Editor andPublisher(Entered at the Paris Kentucky Post1 office as Mail Matter of the SecondClass.)PROPOSES LAW TO STOPCORRUPT PRACTICES.T?rrfoiHirA nf nfficfi will he the "nen.alty imposed in this state if the cor-rupt practices act which is being prepared by Attorney-General James Garrett is passed by the next Legislature.The bill is being prepared by Garnettjat the request of several men who willbe in the Legislature, and is patternedafter the Federal law.In speaking of the measure Garnettsays: "Candidates should be limited inexpenditures to an amount sufficient tocover the legitimate expeuses of thecampaign, and any successful- candidate in whose behalf a corruption fundwas used shall forfeit his nominationor office, and it shall go to the next,-&ighest vote in whose behalf no corruption fund was used."BIG REDUCTIONS INEXPRESS RATES ORDERED.Sweeping reductions in express rateson parcels all over the country wereordered Monday by the Interstate Commerce Commission.The new reduced rates become effective October 15. The reductionsrange from 10 to 60 per cent., relieving-shippers from exhorbitant charges.For two years the new rates are toT)e experimental, the commission declared. Unless too great a loss of revenue results to the express companies,they will become permanent.The express companies vigorouslyoppose the rate reductions, orderedJune 8, 1913. The rates were suspended pending further investigation. OnMonday they were finally ordered togo into effect. The companies originally alleged that the new rates wouldreduce-their revenues 30 per cent.Later they said the loss would be 15.33per cent.SCOUTS TO BE ENLISTEDIN FOREST CONSERVATION.The 106 Boy Scout troops in Kentucky are to be enlisted in the cause offorest protection and regeneration.State Forester J. E. Barton is preparing a statement which lie will send outto the Scoutmasters, explaining a planwhich has been effectively used inMichigan, Wisconsin, New Jersey, Calfornforia, Vermont and New Hampshire. The Scouts not only do activework by reporting flres and aiding inother ways, but the plan inculcates inthe minds of the coming generations,Forester Barton said, the necessityboth of protecting the forests and reforesting the country. It is estimatedthat there are about 2,000 Boy Scoutsin the State, and the troops are scattered from the Big Sandy to the Mississippi. A bulletin containing information, the plan of work and what isto be accomplished, will be preparedfor the use of the Scouts.WEATHER PROPHETPREDICTS SEVERE WINTER.Asa K. Martin, who for many yearslias had a wide reputation as a weatherprognosticator, has issued a forcastin which he predicts unusually severecold weather next winter. He declaresthat there are to be just thirty snows,the first falling on October 16, and thelast on May 5. There is to be onesleetstorm in the month of December.Twelve zero days are scheduled. Thereare to be four ice spells in which theice will be from three to seven inchesthick.The worst cold weather and snowstorms, he says, will be in Decemberand January. One ice spell is to comein November, when the ice will befrom two and one-half to three inchesin thickness.The weather conditions for thismonth, he says, are determined largely by the conditions prevailing on theday the Dog star rises, August 9th.Should the weather be hot and sultryon that day the same character ofweather will continue until August 27,-when the star sets at the dark hourof midnight. He prophesies that September will be warm, but not so warmas August, and the fall will run to themiddle of October. October will becool and pleasantOfficial Vote of Paris and Bourbon County, August 2, 19135-Iu2.mo1o03"QpP.oS3otwctP ftG WG3ow"4osOoc-ip.p.orS3Paris No. 1Paris No. 2Paris No. 3Paris No. 4 ,Paris No. 5Paris No. 6"rMillersburg No. 1Millersburg No. 2.......little Rock No. 1..,...Little Rock No. 2...'....N. Middletown No.i.,N. Middletown No. . . ,OUntonville No. 1CUnionyffle No. 2 ,Hutchison No. 1 ,Hmtckison No. 2Centerville No. 1Csateirille No. 2 ,Rudiles Mills 1 1Ruddles Mills No. ...,Totals5011682641057110462518953525662691125251.16446724237130762922237893026495074291309653633129102255131612211375JUDGE W. P. SANDIDGESENDS IN RESIGNATION.Judge "W. P. Sandidge, of Russellville, presiding Judge of the Seventhjudicial district, has resigned his position on the bench, and his resignationwas sent to Gov. Jas. B. McCreary onTuesday. Judge Sandidge has becomea member of the law firm of Miller &Milan, of Owensboro, and the firmwill be Miller, Sandidge & Malian, thesenior member being Reuben A. Miller,and the junior member Frank C. Malin, a son-in-law of Mr. Miller.The Owensboro firm has for yearsreperesented the Illinois Central, inJ Louisville, Henderson andSt. Louisand the Louisville and Nashville railroads.Judge Sandidge haas served 8 yearsas presiding Judge of the district composed of Logan, Todd, Muhlenberg andSimpson counties".About two years ago Judge Sandidgepresided as Special Judge during aterm of the Bourbon Circuit Court, andis well-known in this city.BANNER DAY WILLEXCEL FORMER EXHIBITS:Thursday, Aug. 20, the third day ofthe Bourbon County Fair which is usually termed the "banner day" of theweeks' ' exhibition, will have manydistinct features this year. The ringsfor fine harness geldings, togetherwith the special premium of morethan $100 in the class of fine harnesshorses will furnish an exhibit neverbefore witnessed. In addition to thisthere will be the sweepstakes for saddle horses, with one of the largestpremiums of the week. 29-tfCLARK COUNTY NEGROMANGLED BY MOWER.Late Monday afternoon, at the placeof Stonewall Conkwright, on the Lexington pike, John "White, a sixteen-year-oldnegro boy, was fatally mangled by a mowing machine. Theboywas hriving a team of mules, when insome way he fell onto the knives, ofthe machine. The fingers of bothhands were cut off and his arms andboth legs were ripped open to the boneThere is scarcely a chance for his recovery. FIRE DESTROYS BIGCOMMISSION HOUSE.The large plant of S. Renaker &Sons, commission merchants in "Winchester, was destroyed by fire Wednesday morning. The loss will reach?5,000 with insurance of $1,000. Theorigin of the fire is unknown. Hundreds of frying chickens were destroyed and there was a large loss of smoked meat, eggs, butter, tallow, hidesand feathers.WILL MEET TO-DAY TOSELECT DELEGATES.A meeting of the storekeepers andgaugers of the Seventh District will beheld in Frankfort, Friday, August 8,for the purpose of selecting dedlegatesto the meeting in Louisville, August19, 20, 21 and 22. All revenue men areinvited to attend this meeting andquite a number from this city are expected to be there.RANKIN WILL CONTESTTHE ELECTION OF PARKER.Col. H. N. Rankin, who was defeatedfor Sheriff of Nicholas county Saturday by the narrow margin of two voteswill contest the nomination of his opponent, W. T. Parker. His intentionwas announced after a canvas of thevote of Nicholas county had beenmade by the Election Commissioners.SLATTERY SEES JAMESRELATIVE TO CANDIDACY.Thos. M. Slattery and former Representative James Kehoe, of Maysville,were in conference with Senator OllieM. James Tuesday relative to the former's candidacy for the position ofUnited States District Attorney in theEastern District of Kentucky, to succeed District Attorney Edwin P. Morrow at Covington.Morrow's term does not expire untilDecember. This is the position forwhich Senator James had decided torecommend Charlton B. Thompson,recently appointed Internal RevenueCollector at Covington.Slattery has been a James supporter.He is favorably located geographically,as it has been generally conceded thatthe appointment would go to the eastern part of the district, since the Collectorship went to the western section.Q3O5-12S3oS34O-1opQo-tf3S3tfipS3pOi Oop"a 5p caST 7OsS3TO1td pS3 5Io-i2.CDOR?!S3inS3 ,"lO1C-4P-iIdo-iOpS3a.crCDIdoaooS33oopo-so-Iao-1oS3o-iza43 81114 13882 877817912142614693211420215569464615510275yi1459501107763165484524382140252677170958011811312479168458924136615363574532208342354434263877183909895509229491676 5686 3768 7974784213653853 3231106618568419716166197100 11036 1842 7814 28266321522338531544510514401883264329992011455 384627854225206238 2632534383 782212017Zti 5136271163471154J 13187782814779693l 5750;154743889lOf 81f3531209214413917151456868MINE DISASTERS DUETO EARTH MOVEMENTS.(Harper's Weekly.)Many mine catastrophes are directlydue to the movement of the earth,shown in the tendency of the groundaround the pit to sink, and internallyby the droop in the vault and in thesides of the mine; such dislocationsare due not only to the pressure of theweight of the ground, but to latentpressure resulting from internal motion still in progress, though datingfrom the early stages of the earth.As a consequence of its cooling afterthe incandescent state, the outer crustof the earth was subjected to pressurewhich is still existent, as is shown byspontaneous movements of the rockmasses. In some quaries where thegneiss is very hard, even, and of thesame quality throughout, the groundswells in long ridges and is rentasunder 'with prodigious noise. All therocks are in a state of compressiondue tothe mechanical actions to whichthey have been subjected. Such action is peculiarly intense in coal mines,and it takes effect not only upon thegalleries, where it bends the pillarsand steel and crushes the masonry,but on the coal also, which it softensand so works as to release the gascontained in it under pressure of perhaps several atmospheres. In view oftaking precautions . against such action, engineers advise an allowance ofsupplements or "give" in the supportof the mine.The ground pressure is responsible,at least in part, for explosions of firedamp. Continually recurring strongground pressure modifies the permeability of the strata, creates numerouschannels in the coal masses, andmakes issues for the gas. In somecases the gas "blows out" of the coalat the extreme limits of the mine andabnormal and repeated escapes of gascrushes the rock.NERVOUS TROUBLESDRIVE AWAY HAPPINESS.People who are all run down inhealth who are worn out, nervous andhalf-sick, are apt to be thoroughly discouraged. They are half-hearted, listless and depressed, and feel that thisis a terrible world with many pains init, and few pleasures.This state of mind is recognized byphysicians as a common symptom ofnervous debility.If you are one of the many Americans who are suffering with nervousbreakdown or nerve exhaustion, youcan get back your old health and spirits in a few weeks time. Go to yourdruggist and obtain a bottle of TonaVita. This remarkable tonic is helping thousands back to health and itwill not fail in your case. You will beastonished how quickly it will buildyou up both in mind and body.Tona Vita is sold by Chas. E. Butler & Co.DOVES ABOUT EXTINCTIN CENTRAL KENTUCKY.Hunters in this section, where dovesa few years ago were plentiful, declare now that the game bird will beextinct within a few more years,so grate has been the slaughter of them in the wheat fieldsof the Bluegrass in the past. Asearch has been made this summer forsigns of doves and but few can belocated. The raising of them has ceased 111 this section and the one greatsport of shooting the doves in thehemp fields is a lost art.FIRST DAY OF FAIR WILLSE THE BEST IN HISTORY.llie first day of the Bourbon Fa:r.which will begin August 19th premises to be the best in to? history ofthe agricultural organization. Theopening day will have its usual featurethe exhibition of ponies which hasalways hercicrore proved a drawingjrd. This vent will bring togethertn& largest number of ponies ever exhibited on the local grounds. In addition to this feature, many other noless attractive will attend the opening.A departure from the usual custom,and an attraction that promises to bequite interesting, will be the cakewalk for colored people on the afternoon of the opening day. Other features will be the ring for harness andsaddle horses, roadsters and colts. Aspecial premium of ?50 divided intothree monies, will be offered on theopening day for the best stalk ofgreen tobacco grown in Bourboncounty. 29-tfHS3IDui-3oBopS3P2Q2.S3S3PS34o-1hjo-5O3Sgp 3"SIouiOtd2.S34ooIo3o-iaoS3cac-t-pdOPo-tOoS3COCI-pOoca.cmPaspoa.62 50 61 41 341 561 6911111116138J16t 111 1U4) jwyj 5D 117 14911076795407993976563108973952592736831065448121724927754874687011246193i 386918,11l-l278729591651424 465432329 289 46058l 70ia90FOR HdW LONG.Paris Raises 3 Pertinent Question.When a neighbor tells us that he hasrecovered from a serious illness, thefirst question that naturally arises is,"How long will he keep well?" Temporary relief is one thing, but a lastingcure is altogether different. There isnothing temporary about the work ofDoan's Kidney Pills, as the followingParis evidence proves beyond a doubt:Mrs. J. T. Martin, Pleasant and 11thSts., Paris, Ky., says: "I suffered quiteseverely from pains across the smallof my back and in the kidneys. Thetrouble alarmed me and I tried manymedicines. I did not get relief, however, until I procured Doan's KidneyPills at Wilson's (now Chas. B. Butler & Co.'s) drug store. They improved my , condition in every way.All I have ever said praising Doan'sKidney Pills was entirely correct, andI confirm my former public endorsement. They permanently cured me ofkidney trouble."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster - Milburn Co., Buffalo,Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.CARD OF THANKS.To The Voters of Paris:Being unable to see in person allwho were kind enough to aid me in myrace for Magistrate in the Paris precinct, I take this means of expressingpubilcly to the voters of Paris my appreciation and gartitude for their support.Very respectfully,EARNEST MARTIN.FORMER MT. STERLING MANWINS JEFFERSON JUDGESHIP.S. W. Greene, formerly of Mt. Sterling, well-known in this city, won theDemocratic nomination for CountyJudge of Jefferson county, in the primary, Saturday, by a majority of 708votes over Muir Weissenger.CONFESSED THAT DEATONSPLANNED CALLAHAN'S MURDERIn the trial of Jim Deaton Wednesday, Billie Johnson, a defendant, testified that he, Jim Deaton and FletcherDeaton, met at Flethcher Deaton'shouse and discussed the killing of Ed.Callahan. They all agreed to take partin the assassination, he said.GOATS EAT CRAPE OFF DOORS. .(New York Sun.)An undertaker in the Bronx has complained to Magistrate Murphy in theMorrisania Police Court that the goatsup his way were eating the crape offthe door knobs. To make his complaint look like business the undertaker put his grieveance in writing.Here is the very note:"The Honorable Judge, MorrisaniaPolice Court: It is impossible for usto look after these goats while wehave to go out and support a familyand alsodo housework. If the Department of Health would take care ofthese goats and not have them goingaround dumping ash cans."Honorable Judge, the Departmentof Street Cleaning doesn't come aroundfor days at a time, and, therefore, arefull. They go so far as tearingcrapes off doors of houses, and I thinkthey should be done away with."MANY SURPRISES INSTORE AT BOURBON FAIR.It is only two weeks until the opening of the Bourbon Fair, the oldestin the State, and the attractions promise to be greater than ever before. Themanagement have arranged a premium list that is certain to bring competition in all classes of stock.From the opening day, which ispony day, until Saturday, bloodedstock from noted breeding farms willbe exhibited in the rings for saddleand harness horses, roadsters, drafthorses, colts, mules, etc., and will undoubtedly attract large crowds.The contests in the Babies' HealthLeague Exhibit will be a new featureand will bring together many beautiful babie's. The awards in Class Aof this department will be made thesecond day of the fair, but the finalawards for the highest score will notbe made until Saturday.On Friday a premium of $50 will begiven for the best suckling mule coltof either sex, and a number of othersubstantial premiums will also beawarded in the mule rings on that day.aoaow tdOS Ht-1 EoI"SIp11oocV-S3COR- 2ST c2 &4 T2CRrr1 enWS3S3PPiP?oaACOr?oS31OOS343ooS3coSTo5o5"roS3a.ORdcVodoIn21453655171683160114127733192141992693447941918131332045264444599575814410911116827222341-625 66 31078202'395 43MULES WILL HAVE SWAYON. FOURTH DAY OF FAIR.What promises to be one of the bestdays of the Bourbon Fair, which beginson August 19th, to continue for fivedays, will be August 22nd. On thisoccasion there will be brought togethersome of the finest mule stock in Central Kentucky. More than a dozenrich premiums are offered in this class,including that for the best sucklingmule, either sex, carrying with it aprize, of $50 to the winner. In addition to this there will be the specialfor saddle horses with a rich pursedivided three ways. 29-tfTO MAMMOTH CAVEAUGUST 20, 1913LAST GREAT REDUCTION.Round trip railroad fare $5.65.Board at the Cave Hotel, including theseveral routes in the Cave for $6.50.Making total cost for three days' trip$12.15; going on regular morningtrains. Limit on tickets 10 days.Write or phone L. & N. agent. 5aug5tLOST.Bunch of keys on streets of Paris.Finder return toWM. SMITH,At Cemetery.FOR RENTTwo-story frame house on Secondstreet. Apply at 315 Pleasant street.E. T. Phone 276. Iaug3tFor Sale Cheap1 Mosler Safe.1, National Cash Register.1 Coffee Mill.4 Scales.1 Platform Scale.2 Counters.(tf)Fee Grocery Go.rsOldest Fair67th Annual Fair of theBourbon County"Agricultural Society5 BIG Days 5AUGUST 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 1913.The Program this year is decidedly the bestever offered in all its history. Write for Catalog,Littlejohn's Big United Showswill furnish the attractions for the Midway. Twentyclean attractions.High Dive and Balloon AscensionEvery Day.Write to the undersigned for entry blanks and-information.p Secretary. KfWINDiiiiihFire andLightningI IICtHIS12 Big Companieslis .NOTICE.There will be a meeting of the Democratic County Committee, at 3 p. 'mon Thursday, August 7, 1913.W. D. McINTYRE,. Chairman.NOTICE.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of J. H. Linvillerdeceased, will please come and settlesame at once; also those having claimsagainst said estate will please present,them, properly proven as prescribed?by law, to undersigned.W. V. HUFFMAN,Administrator J. H. Linville-For SaleUnusually nice Shetland pony, thoroughly broke for children. Also driving horse for Iday.E. F. CLAY, JR.,Cunberland Phone 413. Paris, Ky.FOR SALE.Spiderr phaeton in perfect condition.Will sell cheap. Apply toMRS. HENRY SKILLMAN,Lexington, Ky.Notice to MerchantsOn and after this date I will not beresponsible for any accounts contracted by other persons in my name unless,same is made upon a written order,signed by myself.W. M. GILLESPIE,Paris, Ky., Aug. 1, 1913.FOR SALE.Safe, suitableforstore or office.G. S. Varden & Son5-2tin the State !JOHN S. WIGGINS,Secretary.i rm m ulllll & -W00DF0BD.i' v i..4Xir. Zsf1m . it-.Til;W'ii-'-9 r4XTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 8, 1913-- ,V,--ifrWt&t&h.HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADESpecial prices onFurniture, See CreamFreezers and PorchShades. Old HickoryFurniture goes atcost.tf E.M.WHEELER,SCHOOL TRUSTEES CHOSENAT PRIMARY ELECTION.The following school trustees wereelected Saturday: Pleasant Green, C.T. Carter; Eals, George Moreland;Mcllvain, Thomas Current; Millersburg, Ora Collier; Tarr, Letton Vimont; Clintonville, It. L. Stipp.DANVILLE MANLANDS GOOD PLUM.The candidacy of William J. Price,of Danville, Ky., was Wednesday approved by President Wilson. Mr.Price was an. applicant for the applicant for the diplomatic position ofMinister to Panama.MR. SHIRE TO GO EASTTO BUY HOLIDAY STOCK.Mr. William Shire, . member of the3e.elry firm of Shire & Fithian, willle ve Sunday for New York, where he.1 purchase his stock for the holidayt ade. He will be absent about four3eks, during which time he will visitc Atlantic City and other pointsin theEast.MILLERSBURG PARTY WILLVISIT PARIS TO-NIGHT.About thirty young pepole of Millersburg, including a number of visitors,-will composeva hay ride to this city tonight. The party will leave Millersburgabout seven o'clock and arriving inParis they will be entertained at themoving pictures hows and will returnat a late hour.FELL FROM HORSE ANDIS PAINFULLY INJURED.Miss Bettie Cunningham, who resides near Clintonville, sustained severe injuries recently, by fallingfrom the horse she was riding, and"breaking the pelvic bone. She waswas taken to Lexington for an X-rayexamination, and at last reports wasjesting as comfortably as could be expected. FORMER PARISIAN TO JUDGEHOGS AT STATE FAIR.George Clayton, formerly of Paris,and now at Versailles, where he hascharge of the Forest Home Durocs,judge the Poland China classes at theKentucky State Fair. Mr. Claytonwas a very attractive "Poland" breederfor several years and also very succesful exhibitor.SHOE SALE.To make room for our Fall shoes,we have reduced our entire stock ofmen's women's and children's lowshoes. This sale begins August 6, andlasts 10 days. Nothing charged atcut prices.GEO. McWILLIAMS,The Shoe Man.PROMINENT PARIS MASONVISITS NICHOLAS LODGE.The Carlisle Mercury says: "Mr.Joseph. Ewalt, of Paris, Grand Masterof the Masonic Lodge of Kentucky,-was in Carlisle Friday. He and PastGrand Master Sam K. Veach visitedthe lodge at Pleasant Valley Fridaynight During his stay in Carlisle, Mr.Ewalt was the guest of Mr. Veach."NOTICE TO CONSUMERS. Owing to the drouthour water supply isgetting low. I ask allconsumers to economize as much as possible, especially in theuse of hose.PARIS WATER CO.Newton Mitchell,;2t Supt.MERCHANT INJURED BYFALL FROM LADDER.As the result of a fall from a stepladder, Mr. Albert Jones, proprietor ofthe National Five and Ten Cent Store,was painfully hurt Wednesday morning. Mr. Jones was engaged in assisting the carpenters remodeling thestore room formerly occupied by theFee Grocery Co., when the ladder uponwhich he was standing broke. In falling he struck against the corner of acounter. He suffered two broken ribsand was painfully bruised. Drs. William Keney and Frank Fithian attended his injuries.rLdfiIfl- DEFECTIVE FILM CAUSESV FIRE AT THE COLUMBIA..1 ' A -defect in a film shown at the Co2 lumbia Theatre Wednesday night caus-',-ed the destruction of a part of the pict-aire and hut for the rare presence of-,. mind of the operator, Vance Huffman,the entire reel would have been- - destroyed. About one-half of the pict' ure had been shown when the film" broke, one end of which came in contact with the carbon of the machine,isnitine the highly inflamable matter.About twenty-five feet of the film wasdestroyed before the blaze couia De extinguished. The theatre was well filled, and although a dense smoke issuedfrom the steel operating booth, therewasno excitement among tne spec-tators..fire, wind ami lightning insur-ance. inomas ttuwiwu.SOCIAL Hi PERSONALMr. Coleman Renick has returnedfrom Bristol, Tenn.Miss Margaret Willis, "of Winchester, is visiting in this city.Misses Marian and Charlotte Cramare visiting relatives in Williamsburg.Mrs. Walter Payne and childrenhave gone to Warsaw for a visit tp relatives. Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Tucker leave forNew York Sunday to be gone abouttwo weeks."Ices, cakes and bonbons wereserved at the close of the delightfulafternoon."Mr. William G. McClintock leavesFriday to join his family at Chautauqua, N. Y.Misses Mary Martin and NannieClay are visiting in Winchester and attending the fair.Miss Mary D. Everman, of NorthMiddletown, is visiting Mrs. A. Patterson at Qolumbia, Ky.Mr. Thompson Tarr is confined tohis home on the Georgetown pikewith typhoid fever.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Frank leftWednesday for a two-weeks' trip toMichigan points.Hon. J. Hal Woodford left Mondayfor Buffalo, New York, and Canada,to attend the races.Miss Ella Mahoney has returnedto her home in Lexington after a visitto relatives in thisc ity.Mr. N. Ford Brent returned Sunday night from Michigan, leaving Mrs.Brent and their son there for a longerstay.Miss Pink Shropshire will leavesoon for Hartford, Michigan, to spendthe remainder of the summer with heraunt.Miss Maude Rymell has returnedto Kansas City, Mo., after visiting hersister, Miss Lizzie Rymell, on Cypressstreet.Miss Elizabeth Yerkes has returnhome after a delightful visit to hercousin, Miss Lucy Clay Woodford, inMt. Sterling.Mrs. C. F. Terry and daughter,Miss Lucy Porter Terry, of Glasgow,will arrive to-day for a visit to Rev.and Mrs. W. E. Ellis.Misses Sarah and Helen Hutchcraft Dedman, of Cynthiana, are theguests of their aunt, Mrs. R. B.Hutchcraft, on West Second street.Mrs. J. T. Hedges was called toLexington Monday on account of theillness of her niece, Mrs. HowardWeathers. Mrs. Weathers was formerly Miss Cynrene Smith, of Bourbon.Anderson C. Bogie, of Montgomerycounty, sold to Tebbs, of Indianapolis,ninety fat cattle, weighing 1,450 lbs.each, for October delivery, at $7.75 percwt.Mrs. Bessie Carter Byron, who hasbeen visiting her brother, Mr. O. P.Cater, Jr., and Mrs. Carter, will leaveTuesday for Indianapolis to make herfuture home.Miss Lula Champ Lytle and MasterWilliam Lytle left yesterday for Maysville to spend two weeks with theirgrandmother, Mrs. J. V. Lytle, andother relatives.The Lexington Herald says: "MissCatherine Carson entertained Tuesdayafternoon at her home in the countryon the Briar Hill pike in honor ofMiss Margaret Covington, of BowlingGreen, the guest of Mrs. Charles Berryman. Mrs. A. D. Patterson and children,of Columbia, Ky., Mrs. R. G. Bishopand children, of Corbin, and MissOcla Kash, of Chauneile, Kansas,have been the guests for the past several days of Dr. and Mrs. J. A. Gilkey,on Lilleston avenue.Mr. O. P. Carter, Sr., has returned from Indianapolis, where he hasbeen on a protracted visit to his granddaughters, Misses Bessie and LillianNavlor. Mr. Carter came home tovote and will return to Indianapolis after a visit to his son, Mr. O. P. Carter,Jr.Winchester News: "Mrs. RufusLisle entertained for her father, Mr.William Winn, with a birthday dinner,Sunday. The relatives present were:Mr. James McClure, Paris; Mrs. Connie Lisle, Paris; Mrs. Chas. White,Bourbon; Mr. and Mrs. Nicholas Winn,Alabama; Mr. and Mrs. Shields Bushand Miss Lucy Winn."The house was decorated withplants and many beautiful flowers andthe hostess was assisted in entertaining by her .mother, Mrs. ThomasCarson. The game of 'five hundred'was enjoyed and the prizes, first, apearl bandeau; second, an automobilebonnet and the consolation, a lacecollar, were won by Miss Jaen rooK-er, Miss Lucile AsDury and Miss J1.11zebeth Clay Alexander, of Paris.The Lexington Leader says:"Dr. Julian McClymonds entertainedMonday evening with a delightful dinner at the Country Club in nonor oehis guest, Count de Topor, of London,England. Others present were:Misses Anna Clay McDoweii.JOsepmneFarrell, Anna Howard Harbison, MarySayre Williams, Jane Farrell, MaryLeonard Cassell, Eunice Brower, RebaStone, of St. Louis; Sarah Rubel, ofLouisville: Messrs. Shelby Harbison,Frank Justice, Maurice Burnaugh, Hanson Thomas, Edward Stoii, faamueiWalton, Solomon VanMeter, Jr., Charlton Clay, of Paris."Miss Nancy Jones entertainedwith a lovely five hundred party oneday last week near Millersburg. Delicious rereshments - were served andthe euests who enioyed the occasionwere: Misses Amelia and GladysHurst, Frankie Clark, Jennie Reese,Ana Belle Collins, of Maysville;Messrs Charles Buroughs, ThomasThorn, Clarence Wasson, James Burnsand Mr. and Mrs. R. T. Taylor. Thesame group-with, the addition of MissesNancy Clark, Kate Levell, Anna Burroughs, Nancy Jones and Miss Moffett,Mr. Roscoe Linville, and Mr. and Mrs.J. R. Taylor was entertained Fridayevening by Mr. Clarence Wasson athis home near Millersburg;Mr. John Price has returned froma stay at Crab Orchard Springs.Mr. Ben Sharp, of Needles, Cal., isvisiting Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Mitchell.Mr. W. L. Yerkes and daughter,Miss Elizabeth, are in Danville visitingrelatives and attending the fair.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon left yesterday for a visit to Mr. and Mrs. W.A. Bacon, at Washington C. H., O.Prof. W. O. Stackhouse, who has'recently been elected Superintendentof the Richmond High School, is the'guest of Prof. Johnson, on Cypressstreet.Mr. B. A. Frank, of the firm ofFrank & Co, left for New York Wednesday, to purchase his fall and winterstock of dry goods, ready-towear garments, notions, etc.Mr. and Mrs. Mack Whitaker, ofFayetteville, Tenn., are guests of Mr.and Mrs. Curtis Henry.Mrs. Louis Earlywine, of Chicagb,is visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J.U. Boardman.Mrs. Robert Goggin entertainedWednesday at her home on Houstonavenue with an elegant dinner. Thosepresent were Mesdames George Stuart, W. R. Scott, R. B. Hutchcraft, J.W. Larkin, Lee T. Beall, Bettie Brown,'Thomas Helm Clay, J. W. ThomasCalla Nichols and William Myall.Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champ entertained with a six o'clock dinner Tuesday evening at their home on Pleasantstreet. Those present were Mr. andMrs. Jos. B. Borders and daughter,Miss Isobel and Mr. George Miser, of'Columbus, O., Miss Elizabeth Blanton,of Richmond, Miss Helen Saulisberry,of Eureka, Ark., and Mr. Blair Varden. Mrs. F. P. Lowry entertained thefollowing friends at dinner Tuesday,at her home on Stoner avenue: MissDavis, of State University, Fayetteville, Kan; Mrs. Nannie Boone anddaughter, Miss Boone, of Kansas; MissAnnie Berry, of Nashville, Tenn.; Mrs.Robert Hopkins and little son, of Cincinnati; Mrs. Thomas Helm Clay andMrs. Watson Judy and son, of Paris.Mrs. John Woodford entertainedWednesday morning at her home onthe Winchester pike in honor of Mrs.John Yerkes, who is soon to leave forNashville, Tenn., to reside. The housewas decorated with large quantities ofgarden flowers and a low arrangementof nasturtiums formed a centerpiecefor the breakfast table. A deliciousthree-course breakfast was served tothe following guests: Mrs. John Yerkes, Mrs. W. L. Yerkes, Mrs. HenryMay, Mrs. Ben Woodford, Miss MaryWoodford, Mrs. Laura Wiggins, MissRachel Wiggins and Miss EvelynBuck.JOHNS TOREMAIN INPARIS NEXT MONTHA. R. Johns, the photographer, whohas had charge of H. C. Norman'sstudioes will be in Paris until September, when Mr. Norman vill return.Mr. Johns is one of the best photographers in the State and during his stayhere has established quite a reputationfor the class of work he has executed.Give him a call.BURGLARS VISIT TWOVINE STREET RESIDENCES.A burglar entered the residence ofMr. James Blunt, on Vine street Wednesday night and after taking histrousers from the bed room into the.'dining room, rifling the pockets, tooktheir departure. An entrance to thehouse was effected by removing thescreen from a window. The intrudersecured about forty cents in cash.The residence of Mr. John Gorey, onVine, was also entered Wednesdayevening, but nothing of value was ta"ken. MISS JOHNSON BADLYINJURED BY FALL.Miss Sue Johnson, bookkeeper forDr. M. H. Dailey, is confined to herhome on Mt. Airy avenue, from injuries sustained when she fell downthe stairs leading to the office of Dr.Dailey in the Deposit Bank building.The accident occurred Wednesday afternoon, and when Miss Johnson wasdescending the stairs. In some unaccountable manner she tripped andafell down several steps. She was removed to the office, where a physicianwas summoned, and her injuries attended, after which she was taken to;her home. Miss Johnson is sufferingfrom a severe injury to her right limband was painfully bruised about thebody.CARD OF THANKS.I desire to extend my thanks andappreciation to the voters of Bourbon,who so generously assisted me in theDemocratic primary Saturday.JOS. A. FARIS.NOTICE.Having sold our business to Prichard & Ball, we will appreciate it verymuch if those having accounts with uswhich are due, will call and settlesame, as we have some heavy obligations to meet before we can wind upour business.8-3t YERKES & PRICHARD.LOST.Fox terrior puppy Black spots on'back; face black and brown with smallborwn spots over each eye; long tail;wore collar. Any information leadingto recovery, will be rewarded, by applying at this office.WARNING TO HUNTERS.Before going dove hunting, be sure jyou have your hunting license, or prosecutions will follow.GEO. M. HILL,Warden.Notice to Creditors.All persons indebted to us pleasecall' and settle before August 25.8-5t SAM,'L KERSLAKE & SON.s&wsayAfter any Sicknessor Operationdoctors prescribe SCOTT'SEMULSION it contains thevital elements nature cravesto repair waste, create pureblood and build physical strength.No Alcohol or OpiateScott & Bowne, Bloomfield, N. J. 12-23It's the Little Intimate, EverydayHome Scenesthat make up thehome story wewould like to keep.The Kodak will keepjust that picture foryou. The takingwill be fun in itself.DAUGHERTYrJ. T."BROS.J. T. HINLT0NWood MantelsIOur Large Stock of Shirt WaistsMust Be Reduced.So we'will give the prices anotherbigtfeut. Come while have your size.Prices on All Summer FabricsReduced.Big cut onWash Goods,DressEtc.W. Ed Tucker.irJHLWK,To make room for our Fall Stock,we have reduced our entire stock ofMen's, Women's and Children's LowShoes.This Sale Began August 6 andLasts 10 Days.Nothing charged at cut prices.Geo. Mc Williams,L Phones 301HINT ONGtreat BargainsINWALLPAPER4Xt..FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED,V..NO DAMAGED GOODSSAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingLinens, Lawns,1The Shoe Man IiAmbulanceJSAJKIiiiw-?,irvW,' 1-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 8 1973.4HMfwmrowmKJob Printing)WORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!QLJJ'V--'imgTRE J9B R0OffiS OFTHE - : " ;BaRBNAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.-S&5 iLet us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Ourxtype is new and modernfaces.Che Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.ftuWWWlUUUUtfADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.As administrator of J. H. Linville,deceased, I will offer for sale at publicauction, on the home farm, at Millersburg, Ky., onSept. 3, 1913, at 10 A. M.the following property:2 full bed room suites;1 chamber set and lot of other furniture, such as carpets, rugs, tables,chairs, mattresses and bed steads andmatting, kitchen and dining room furniture; Lot of enameled ware;Lot of milk crocks and pans;2 clocks; v1 sewing machine;Lot of bedding, blankets, pillows,etc. ;Half dozen brooms;1 lot stone jars;1 lot glass jars ; '1 wash machine;Lot old iron;1 step ladder;1 iron kettle;1 lawn mower;1 lot tools; . '2 breaking plows ;1 double-shovel plow;1 tobacco plow;1 no-top buggy;1 rubber tire buggy;1 two-horse wagons;1 sled and 1 log chajn;1 roller;1 Frazier cart;3 hog troughs;4 hog houses;1 gasoline engine and corn mill;1 clipping machine;6,000 tobacco sticks; ,1 transplanter;1 seed sower;1 one-horse drill;1 grind stone;1 saddle and bridle;1 set cart harness;1 post-hole digger;1 A tooth harrow ;1 disc harrow;3 sows and 15 pigs;3 red sows in pig;1 three-year old mare;1 yearling colt;1 aged mare;-1 two- year old gelding;1 Jersey cow and calf;1 six-year old Jersey cow;1 spotted Jersey cow;1 cow and weanling calf;1 lot old corn; X1 red calf;5 yearling steers;4 heifers; -19 ewes and one buck;1 reaper;1 corn crusher;1 Ross cutting box;1 acre cow peas;One-half interest in 6 acres tobacco;14 acres of corn;One-half interest in 20 acres corn;A lot of clover and timothy hay;A lot of other farming implements.TERMS All amounts under $20.00cash; over that amount negotiablenote, with interest at rate of 6 percent, payable in six months.W. V. HUFFMAN,Administrator.GEO. D. SPBAKBS, Auct. (5-td)Arrangement for Pasteurizing Milk.verted pie tin placed in the bottom ofthe. same. This false bottom is placedin the pail so as to permit circulationof water and prevent bumping of thebottles. An accurate thermometershould be placed in the water or inone of the bottles. Set the bottles ofmilk in the pail and fill with waternearly level with the milk in the bottles. Place the pail with the milkbottles on the stove and heat until thethermometer indicates a temperatureof from 150 to 160 degrees F. Thei pail and bottles should then be removed from the stove and allowed tostand 25 minutes in the hot water.Now remove the cover and place thepail under a cold water faucet, allowing the water to run slowly into thepail. Continue until all the hot waterhas been replaced with the cold waterand the temperature of the milk hasbeen reduced to about that of thewater. This is the cheapest and most$100 REWARD, $100The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that scienc basbeen able to cure in all its stage,and that is Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhCure is the only positive cure dctjvknown to the medical fraternity.Catarrh being a constitutional disease;requires a constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarh Cure is taken internaHl,acting directly upon the blood and tJfemucous surfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of tUedisease, and giving the patient movestrength by building up the constitution and assisting nature in doing Jtework. The proprietors have so muckfaith in its curative powers that thwoffer One Hundred Dollars for aycase that it fails to cure. Send rlist of testimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo,Okio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for eoaelipation. (August)All the World for a Market.More than 100 countries, coloniesand dependencies are included in thelist of world communities to which theproducts of the United States are distributed.DISINFECT!When the doctor tells you to disinfect after the recovery or death of amember of your household, do exactlyas he tells you. He knows what isbest, and you don't. For instance, youmay believe that burning a little sulphur in the room will destroy thegerms; as a matter of fact, it willprobably not even kill the bedbugs.Formaldehyde is by far the best disinfectant for most purposes. But formaldehyde' gas does not penetrate. Germslodged in mattresses, feather beds,heavy bed clothing, books, carpets,wall paper, and similar things are notin the least affected. Everything inthe room should be opened up as muchas possible. Heavy blankets and similar things should be boiled for anhour. Especially after consumption,bedding, mattresses and upholsteredfurniture ought to be burned. Afterthe fumigation, all the woodworkshould be carefully washed with hot,soapy water and then wiped off witha cloth wet with some disinfectingsolution. Then a room ought to bsleft unoccupied for a couple ot days,if possible, with the windows wideopen; lor, after all, sunlight and freshair are the best disinfectants.Kentucky Tuberculosis Commission,TO PASTEURIZE MILKMost Effectually Done in BottIe$in Which Received.Good Results May Be Secured by Using Ordinary Tin Pail With PiePlate Inverted to Permit Circulation of Water.(By J. F. FRANDSEN.)Milk can be pasteurized most efficiently in the bottles in which it isreceived. To do this a small tin pailwith a perforated false bottom can beused. If a special pail is not at hand,the same results can be secured byusing an ordinary tin pail with an in-$rx:!v':.n ":&::$?'&?$ wi$r.f'i:$- 'Sis--'.':-yfSW'MU &$&$$: !-$-?&&': 1P'?.Pail for Efficient PasteurizingCooling of Milk..andefficient way of cooling and will alsoprevent breaking of bottles. The milkcan then be conveyed to the refrigerator and placed on Ice until requiredfor use.It is well to remember that pasteurized milk should not be used forthe feeding of children after it is 24hours old.Cultivating Corn.The purposes of interculture tillageare, first, to kill weeds; second, tokeep the surface soil receptive torainfall; third, to prevent the evaporation of soil moisture. Cultivatingcorn four inches deep, as comparedwith two inches deep, may reduce theyield ten per cent., owing to pruningthe roots. Four or five cultivationsare usually sufficient.More frequent cultivations have notbeen shown to increase the yieldwhen the soil is not unduly compactedfrom heavy rainfall, provided it is freefrom weeds.Salt for Hard Worker.Horses at hard work and on fullgrain feed should have salt often. Agood way Is to keep a lump of rocksalt In the corner of each feed boxthey are the best judges of th,eamount of salt they require, and ifafforded a constant supply will not eattoo much.lllMIIJl'..mill"'"i-.Sirtlfm?Ssr'"Thank Duke'sMixture for Them"eraEvery member of your family will appreciate the many handsome, useful presents youcan get free with the coupons now packed inzttWA2kM1IDuke's Mixture is one of the big favorite brands forboth pipe and cigarettes. Men everywhere prefer it "because of its true natural tobacco taste. Duke's Mixtureis simply the choice leaves of fine Virginia and NorthCarolina bright leaf thoroughly aged, stemmed andcrumbled. It's impossible to get a purer smoke or amore likeable one than this mild, rich, fragrant Liggett$ Myers Duke's Mixture.One and a half ounces of this choice granulatedtobacco cost only 5c and with each sack you get a bookof cigarette papers FREE.The Presents are FREEThey do not cost you one penny. In each 5c sack ofLiggett 4 Myers Duke's Mixture we now pack a freepresent coupon. With these coupons you can get anyarticle described in our newillustrated catalogue of presents. Asa special offer,we will give yon thiscatalog absolutelyFREE, Simply send usyour name and address.This offer expires December81, 1913.Coupons from DUKE'S MIXTURE maybe assorted with Tazs from HORSESHOE, J. T., TINSLEY'S NATURALLEAF, GRANGER TWIST and couponsfrom FOUR ROSES ( 10c-tin double coupon). PICK PLUG CUT. PIEDMONT nCIGARETTES. CUX CIGARETTES.and other tazs and coupons issued by us,iPremium DepLsfi2 JWllfilfililS'iiiSWWFri - iaHfr----fmmmmc(xaftt'$$UjeitoVoaeoo CatST. LOUIS. MO.gr-zaafiS?ht-s-iBiiNffliillllilllCourting Time.In Burmah the hours between eighto'clock and midnight are 'Loo-byo-lai-thee-kala,"or courting time.Judging by the Dogs."Don't you think a woman's appreciation of beauty is greater than aman's?" "No," replied Mr. Growcher;"not if you judge by the dogs theymake pets of."Long Distance in Short Jaunt. w.Taking cognizance of the various:movements of the earth, a person tak- - T.ing a three-mile stroll has traveledvl85,255 miles.Tempsram'ent.Temperament is loving a man be-. vcause you hate him and laughing be-'cause you are crying about it. Judge-Care fop Colt's Feet.Take half a day to examine andtrim up your colt's feet. Many younghorses are injured by letting theirfeet grow wild.L. & N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT MAY 4, 1913Trains ArriveNo. FROMJ4 Atlanta, Ga., Dafr 5.21 am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily. 5.18anfc29 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.35 ah7 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.40 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.22 am,37 Cincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am12 Lexington, Kv,, Daily 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 pm26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky: , Daily Except Sunday : 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. 3.15 pmt135 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.33 pm38 Knoxville: Tenn.. Daily . 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.35. pm-39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6,06 pnt8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily .". f 6.18 pmJn tin i iji, O., Daily 10:50-pmTrains ID e partNo. ' TO " .,34 Cincinnati. O., Daily .5.28 an :4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .'5.35 am' . '29 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 1 7.47 am. J40 Cincinnati, O., DailyExcept Sunday 7.50 am -10 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7 50 amv;'-137 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn. , Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.202am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily ". . . ; 10.29 am6 Maysville, K., Daily v 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. v '. 3.S3 pm'38 Cincinnati, O., Daily '. i.. r;. ; . s.-jn pin3 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .-- ' 5.56 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily -. . 6.23 pm8 Maysville, K'., Daily Except Sunday , . . .6.20 pm '30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '.". 6.35 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm;31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily ...". 10.57 pmEqual Chance for All.It is an easy matter to put all thelittle pigs together to be fed- by- themselves or to enlarge the troughs sothey may all have an equal chance.IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains A.rrrveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily ExceptJSunda .' 7.44 ,am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 3.30 par5 Louisvttle & Frankfort, Daily Excepu Sunday. 6.50-pinTrsiins T3e;pLrt!No.TO'.37 Frankfort,& Louisville, Daily Except Sunday1 F ankfort, Ky. DailyExcept bunday..1 Frankfort, Ky Daily. Except bunvav o.4 p:7.44 aro.Daily Except Sunday T 9.IS amBlH-TTOUUJl ft 19LSii, W. N. BarkleyMrs. W. Ttf. Barkle)'SHAIRHFMTHv Hi"! - !- wn) D.rt... c. rcTiir riwnnnr numail2 uu & aielllL rnVUmlL 112 N. Upper Street,Refined Women Givethe PreferenceThis Lexington, KentuckyThe easiest way to keep your hairyouthful-looking, to prevent it fromturning grey, is to use Hay's HairHealth. It gives absolute satisfactionand a few applications will restore natural color, give vitality to grey andfaded hair and remove all traces ofDandruff. Beautiful natural colored,-youthful-looking hair, more than anything else, contributes to a woman'sgood looks.Hay's Hair Health is keeping thousands of women's hair glossy, naturalcolored and beautiful. You'll neverregretjbuying it when you see the difference it makes in your appearance.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap, for 50c; or 1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two1S5c. cakes of Hr-rfina Soap Free, for $1L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...Home-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allhours with the best the market affords.(28mar6mo)MANY WAYS OF SOWING OATSQuestion Arises as to 'Advisability ofMaking Any Preparation ofthe Soil.per FMI1IS!cent, wo to $100,000W. KING & SON,1251 Cheapslde. Lexincton, Ky.ifl looVWlrii!SniS lAMAlONATED ARC"esgf I ROOFING Zt. he Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothintr is more imDortant in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by jetting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OUi inbarrels direct from our works. 'Clias. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto OILNo matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Peifect Roofing,and the insurance rate is no higher thanwhen slate or metal is used.We authorize our agents to refund the moneyif our Roofing is not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, IllinoisSold by MilSersburg Coal andLumber Co.,Miilersburg, Ky.Mists Margaret K. Caden,210 M ain Street, Lexington, Ky.Special Display of. . . Summer Hats . .Moderate Prices '4G'9mmmmmmm9mssmmms!mjM!$&&$?115mH 1 WW1111 J ImiiIA. M. Caden210W. Main St., 'LEXINGTON, K .La Fro$1.50 up.Do the women intyour city knowwe specialize inLA FROThe Perfect FrontLaced Corset?Il Pans Odorless Cleaning Co.Ben's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks' our specialty.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies7 Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satisfaction.e Call For and Deliver ork.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves. Cleanedshort, 10c; long 25c.Oats has been such an uncertaincrop in many of the "western states,often the best crop being from a fieldthat was sown broadcast and scratchedin any old way, that a question hasbeen raised among farmers as to theadvisability of making any preparation of the soil other than getting theseed scattered and enough soil workedup to cover them.In some sections this lack of theproper preparation is the rule ratherthan the exception. A great manysow the seed among corn stalks anddisc or cover with the cultivator, harrowing afterward.In some cases this plan has produced good crops, but from my observation and experience the best cropsof oats are grown on land that hasbeen well broken either in the fall orthe early spring and the oats drilledin at the rate of two bushels to theacre.When seed are put in in this' waythere is no trusting to a rain to finishcovering them and they will begin togerminate at once. The seed are allput in the ground to the same depth,resulting in an even stand.When the seed are sown on top andcultivated or disced in some will becovered deep and in some cases shallow or not at all. The birds will getsome of them or in a few weeks ofdry weather they will not sprout atonce.If a hard rain comes while coveringand before the harrow has been runover the ground it can never besmoothed so that a binder can be runover it with comfort to the driver.nGIANT THUYA GAINING FAVORFound Easier to Grow and TransplantThan Any Other Conifer LikesAny Soil.(By W. R. GILBERT.)The Giant Thuya is rapidly makingits way in the good opinions of thoseinterested in conifers. It is foundeasier to raise and easier to transplant than any other conifer. It willgrow in almost any soil, even in damp,cold bottoms and on poor dry oolite,and seems equally indifferent to wind,damp and spring frosts. There is noreason why this tree should not besold in nurseries at the price ofspruce, Unless it is the absence of a.regular demand, for it can be got tothe proper size for planting in twoyears' less time. The tree seeds itselfin sandy soil.In a visit to England a few yearsago, I saw a plantation of Thuya andlarch planted in poor clay over chalk,and the Thuya had completely outstepped the larch. Another instance,A Beautiful Specimen.in a twenty-four-year-old plantation ofThuya, Douglas fir and larch, on farilygood soil the Thuya had grown two feetper annum, and pretty well held its ownwith the Douglas, though on a steephill about 500 feet in altitude it wasbeing suppressed. Here then is arival to the Douglas in rapid growth,and the lumber is acclaimed assuperior to that of the best larch, andpreferable to larch for planking andfencing, so, apparently decided onrivaling the Douglas in qaulity. Further the adaptability of the tree to soilsand its power of resisting cold andstorms are greater than those of theDouglas.For a Succession., Do not forget and plant the wholegarden when you start. Just a smallamount of each vegetable, and repeatthe planting from three to six weekslater. Also remember that you shouldendeavor to plant the vegetables in adifferent place from where they wereplanted last year.If beans were on one side of thegarden last year, plant them on thaopposite side or near the middle thisyear. Rotation is just as necessary inthe garden for the best results to beobtained as in the regular field.Climbing American Beauty.The climbing American beauty hasbeen produced by a method of crossfertilization which has retained thecharming qualities of the Americanbeauty rose (and yet. by way of contrast, it is hardy and w-ill stand heatdrought almost as well as any rose.Nourishment for Sow.The sow with a litter of pigs tugging at her needs the most nourishingfeed not necessarily gram, but agood, rich slop of shorts or middlings.Truck Replaced Thre Teams,7tIn eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden wS 37 17.20thstons. It carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan LimeWorks.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction..Note these striking KisselKar features Simple engine easy to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters .geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easy control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need.JCi'sselJCctr vruck&1 500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn theange of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which is themanufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book "showing KisselKar Tmcks in actual use in your line and many otherlines of business.The Following Lines of business Have Recentlybought Kissel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer, Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry, Bakery, Confectionery, Ice, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suit theneeds ol any business.""mfaatfiio.L.Phone 21 05.R. HUKLE,51 3 West Main Street, Lexington,Ky. I;When you feeltSSpvous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign you need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills gSSJWILLIAMS MFG. CO.. Props., Cleveland. OhioL. Oherdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...Always the Same.It was little Hester's first year inschool. The spelling lesson was beingreviewed, and the teacher asked Hester how she would spell the word"bird"? "Just the same today as wedid yesterday," she promptly answered.In Boston."Look here, waiter," began thechronic grumbler, "there's no meatin this sandwich." "Then why do youcall it a sandwich?" replied the learned waiter. "I am surprised that agentleman of your erudition shouldcommit such a solecism in rhetoric."Kind That Glows.It is worth recalling just now thatthere is etiquette to be observed evenin being warm. In an old volume forthe instruction of youth a young ladydeclares herself to be "all of amuckof sweat," and is at once severely rebuked by her governess with "Hush,miss! Horses sweat, men perspire,but ladies only glow."Toward the Right.I find the great thing in this worldis, not so much where we stand, asin what direction we are moving. Toreach the port of heaven we must sailsometimes with the wind and sometimes against it but we must sail andnot drift nor lie at 'anchor. OliverWendell Holmes.Hour for Milking.Cows should be milked as much aspossible morning and evening at the Jsame hour.Looking Forward.Who can see the brilliancy of character attained by individuals of ourrace without feeling that there is apledge in this that what has beendone already in the individual will yetbe accomplished in the nation and therace? P. W. Robertson.Vain Man."No," said Smallwort, "I hardly feeljustified in saying that Peppera is inordinately vain, but when a fellowhas a phonograph in his room arranged to play. 'Hail to the Chief assoon as he opens the door, what Jione to think of him?"M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.FOR YOUTHFirst-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto AH.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYourPatronage.Pony For Sale.Extra nice Shetland pony, gentle forchildren. Broke to ride and drrTO.He is a two-year-old and a well madaanimal. The price is right.L. T .LILLBSTON,july3-3t Paris, Ky.Unsightly Grey and Faded HaurWhy not have beautiful, dark, glossy;,natural colored hair, full of life anS:beauty keep yourself young looMngrand fascinating? Its so easy anelsimple to do if you will get a bottle oHay's Hair Health today. You'll noticaa change after one or two applicatfoahow quickly the grey hairs vanishaow glossy, full of life and vitalitrHay's Hair Health will keep your hv&rLDon't waste time, get a bottle todayYour druggist is selling more Hay's:Hair Health than all others, becausehe knows it's the most satisfactorythe nicest and cleanest to use and.really does restore color to grey hairFree: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 2&vcake of Harfina Soap for 50c; or $1.0bottle of Hay's Hair Health and tw25c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for flL. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.Mr. Kentucky FarmerIf we told you of a crop which brought a cash incomethe year around, made the soil richer every year and required" noskilled labor to handle it,Wouldn't That Be The Crop For You?You have this opportunity. The Tri-State Butter Company,Cincinnati, Ohio, will buy your cream the year around, pay spotcash for every shipment and give you a market that is responsible,safe and permanent, and proven so to more than 5,000 shippers.No skilled labor is required to ship cream. Separate the milk,ship when convenient to you twice a week in the summer season,and not quite so often in the winter time.VEvery cow will pay cash for what she eats, yielding a revenueof from $50.00 to $90.00 per year, besides adding $25.00 worth offertility to your soil.Ship your cream to-day, or write for free trial cans.The Tri-State Butter Company,Capital Stock $75,000.Cincinnati,Ohio."t ,,4-'i-.jf-S'jc?2M---i.it&Zw.ivytWWaWWpMffWii ifiWMwiihl bourbon" news, paris; Kentucky; rAtFGuST sTIST-- m fc jit59SNEWS OF MILLERSBUROJ uis. H. D. Jones is quite ill.j Mrs. Clara Shanks is improving.Iiss Minie C. Hurst was at Winchester Monday.' Mr, John W. Mock and J. J. Peedcontinue about the same.Dr. H. C. Burroughs attended thefuneral of Mrs. Hamilton at Carlisle.Tuesday.airs. W. O. Ingles left Monday fora tvo-weeks' sojourn at SwangoSprings.T)r. C. C. Fisher has returned after spending several days at Witmorecamp meeting.Born, Monday at noon to Mr. andMrs. Mackey Coles Grimes, a sonJoe Mackey Grimes.Mrs. Leslie Shrout, of O wings ville,Is the guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. H. Carpenter.The Ladies' Aid Society of theChristian Church met Tvith Mrs. TJ. S.G. Pepper Wednesday afternoon.Elder and Mrs. C. O. Cossaboommoved Tuesday to the property of Mr.J. T. Judy in the Butler Addition.Miss Caroline Mclntyre entertained a number of her young friendsTuesday evening with a lawn party.Mr. J. K. Allen and family, Mr.and Mrs. S. R. Allen, of Winchester,are guests of Mr. G-. S. Allen and Mrs.Frankie Cook.Mr. E. W. Floyd, of Louisville, former proprietor of the Windsor Hotel,at Paris, was the guest of Miss MaryTaylor, Sunday. kMrs. W. M. Miller returned Thursday after a three-weeks' visit to hersister, Mrs. R. L. Buffiington, atBarnesville, Ohio.Mrs. W. M. Hancock, of Dallas,Texas, arrived Saturday as the guestof her mother and sister, Mrs. LouisClark and daughter, Miss Margaret.Born, recently to jtfr. and Mrs. J.H. White of New York City, a daughter. Mrs. White was formerly MissRebecca Martin, a sister of Messrs. E.H. and Chas. Martin, of this place.Their little daughter is the first born.Mrs. Belle Taylor and daughters,Mesdames Emma T. Long and T. D.Judy, of Millersburg, K. B. Hutchings,of Lexington, and S. H. Creighton andson, Master Taylor Creighton, of Indianapolis, Ind., visited relatives atCynthiana Tuesday.The following are among the number who attended the Bracken Association of the Baptist Church at Mt.Olivet from here Wednesday: Mr.and Mrs. P. L. Dimmitt, Mr. and Mrs.A T. Moffett, Mesdames W G. Leer,O. H. Collier, Howard Thompson, F.B. Ingles and Miss Nannie Clarke.Anyone in the market for anideal home should attend the publicsale of the Joe W. Mock property onSaturday, August 16th, at 2 o'clock.The place contains 8.62 acres of fineland, all in old blue grass sod; large"brick residence, outbuildings, all ingood repair; two cisterns, shade treessplendid young orchard. tdWe Are Compelled To Unload at Once!Our Store in crowded with Summer Footwear and rather than the risk ofcarrying these goods over to next season, we have decided to resort to thisgreat sacrifice sale, We are going to make this sale a record breaker.Of course it takes bargains, great, big rousing bargains to bring a crowd,and this is just what we have to offer. Read the prices that follow:Misses' and Children's $2.50 values in button oxfords and two-straps, patent and Hj fiQgun metal. Mark-down Price P I J rMisses' $1 .50 patent, tan, white and gun JCfcmetal pumps. Mark-down Price 77?Children's $2.00 pumps. 01 ICfcMark-down Price .. P a97Men's $4 Oxfords, tan, patent and gun metal,Walk-Over included. a1 CbfMark-down Price Dmmm rJMen's $3.50 Oxfords, in patent, gun metaland tan. 4fc) QMark-down Price -MJmmm W9Men's $3 Oxfords in tan, patent and gun metal.Latest styles. Qfcl QCfcMark-down Price MP I hF7Men's $2.50 Oxfords inutton and G Jj Qlace. Mark-down Price! 17 I "frOne lot of Men's Oxfords, broken sizes, CfcCfc$2 and $3 values. Mark-down" Price vvvMATRIMONIAL NOTESMiss Ruth Slatton and Mr. WalterCollins, of Lexington, came to ParisWednesday afternoon, where theywere united in marriage by Squire L.J. Fretwell at the court house.COLLINS-WRIGHT.Mr. Charles F. Wright, of Paris, apopular L. & N. engineer, and MissLillian Collins, the handosme daughterof Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Collins, of nearCarlisle, were married Tuesday at twop. m., at the home of the bride's parents. The ceremony was performed byRev. Dr. Vaughn.Dr. William Kenney, of Paris, wasamong the wedding guests.Mr. and Mrs. Wright will reside atCovington after a wedding trip to Niagara and other points.DES COGNETS-YANCEY.The marriage of Miss Estell desCognets and Mr. Hogan L. Yancey wassolemnized at the home of the bride'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Louis des Cognets, in Lexington, Wednesday evening at 7 o'clock, the Rev. Mark Collis,of the Broadway Christian Church,officiating, only the members of theimmediate family being present.The brids is one of the most prominent young society women of Lexington, while Mr. Yancey is at presentCity Attorney of Lexington, and wasSaturday elected County Attorney olFayette. After a reception Mr. andMrs. Yancey left for an extended wedding trip East.ADAMS-BISHOP.The marriage of Mrs. Jessie Adams to Mr. Ben Bishop, both of Paris,was quietly celebrated Wednesday afternoon at the home of Mr. HenryWesterham, in Cincinnatim,, 'i iff t)n.;0 wnodovmorning for Cincinnati, and the fact 'w wr wo t hD a-orf mn.fided to only a few of their most inti-mate friends. They secured a mam-age license and went to the home atMrs.Wocforliam tvhn fa n cicfor nfMrs. James Curtis, of this city, wherethee eremony was performed.The bride has for the past several iyears been making her home with Mr.and Mrs. James Curtis, on Tenth streetcoming from Morenicie, Mich. Sheenjoys a wide acquaintance and is verypopular.Mr. Bishop has been engaged in theplumbing business in this city and wasformerly a member of the Paris policeforce. After a short wedding trip theywill return to Paris to reside.GILTNER-NICHOLS.Mrs. Myrtle Giltner and Mr. S. K.Nichols, both of Paris, surprised theirfriends Wednesday afternoon, whenthey went to Lexington and wrere married at the residence of the officiatingminister, Rev. Mark Collis.Thee ouple went to Lexington fromthis city in an automobile and were accompanied by Mrs. Lee Starke, a sister of the 1)ride, who witnessed theceremony.The bride who is a daughter of Mrs.&lberF Stone, of Cincinnati, is oneof the most attractive young womenbf thisc ommnuity, being very popular with a large circle of friends.Mr. Nichols is one of Bourbon county's best known men. Until recentlyhe was actively engaged in farmingand coming to Paris assumed the man-agement of the Bourbon TobaccoMARK DOWN SHOE SALEJTO"W"Warehouse Co. After c ntinuing inthis capacity for some r:ie he resigned to become the pursuing agent ofthe Leggett & Myers 'JLobacco Co.Immediately after the ceremony Mr.and Mrs. Nichols left for an extendedwedding trip to Detroit, Windsor, FortErie and other points of interest in theNorth, after which they will return toParis to reside.DEATHS AND FUNERALSSWIM.Mr. Harvey A. Swim, aged 73,years, died Tuesday morning, at 7o'clock, at the residence of his daughter, Mrs. James Bramel, on the Humeand Bedford pike. Death was due toorganic heart disease from which Mr.Swim had been a great sufferer forsome time. He is survived by sevenchildren: Wm. Swim, of Cincinnati,Wilson Swim, of Nicholas county, Mrs.Mary E. Bramel, of Bourbon county;Eunice Swim, of Oklahoma; OllieSwim, of Bourbon, and Rylie Swim, ofLexington. The funeral was held inthe Paris cemetery, Wednesday afternoon at 2 o'clock. Services conductedat the grave by the Rev. Dr. B. M., Shive.MANSFIELD.Mrs. T,. T. Templin, of this city,received telegram Monday, announcingthe sudden death of her brother, LabanT. Mansfield, 54 years of age, of Phoenix, Ariz., at San Diego, Cal., where hewas visiting his daughter, Mrs. Chas.S. Greene.Mr. Mansfield is survived by hiswife, who was Miss Mary Shultz, ofStanton, and four children Mrs. Chas.S. Greene, Miss Lucy Mansfield andMessrs. Virgil and Ross Mansfield, ofPlioemx.. Also by the following sis-ters and brothers : Mrs. T T Templinof Pans; Mr. John Mansfield, of Scottcounty; Mr. William B. Mansfield, of? " ' " ' ": 7, , ', J , .ton; Mr. F. M Mansfield of Adrian,"nnTfillrt "T Tr Tf--Tr TTTrl V rf d-r-v-"- ui. - luauaueiu, ui .Deavei,Okla. ; Mrs. J. D. Stone, of Alva, Okla. ;and Mrs. J. M Barlow, of, PensacolaFla.For a number of years before goingWest to reside, Mr. Mansfield conducted a general merchandise store at PineGrove, Ky.DR. WASSON ADMINISTRATOROF THE WILSON ESTATE.Dr. William Wasson, of Versailles,has been appointed administrator ofthft estntp. of the latft Miss Kate Wil-'sn nf Rmirhnn r.mmt.v. hv .Tnd?fi DP.nis, Dundon, in the county court. The es-tate is very valuable and consists ofimoney, notes and land. Messrs. Luther Jacoby, John M. Brennan andRobert Meteer were named as appraisers. CURIOSITY IN THE SHAPEOF CALF WITHOUT TAIL.A curiosity in the shape of a calfwithout a tail was shipped Tuesday byJoe Matthews, of Harrison county.The backbone extended to a point justbelow the hip bone, that part known asthe rump, and the tail was entirelymissing. There was a slight depres-sion at the point where the rump bones, were missing.G-oinOn.SInfant's and Children's pumps and oxfordsin patent and tan, $1 values, sizes 2 to 7 tCkMark-down Price "i" 57Ladies' $3 values, all latest style pumps and oxfordsin velvets, satin, tan and gun metaland white, the very best values Ctl CfcCfcmade. Mark-down Price 7 I B77Misses' barefoot sandals, all sizes. Now. 49cLadies' $3.50 values, all popular leathers and fab-rics, m pumps and oxfords, button J iCfc Iand lace. Mark-down Price Dmmw& ILadies $2 and $2.50 grades two-strap pumps and Ioxfords in velvet and gun metal. QAMark-down Price 1. r 57 ? MLadies' $2 pumps and oxfords in patent, gun metaland white pumps. t 1 A IMark-down Price 9 I iH1 If a-t!.A' virVkif-A nomroe I-kiif-i-sn chnoe k. k. VMark-down PriceOne lot small sizes ladies'Mark-down PriceSTOCK AND FARM NOTESHenry Caywood, of North Middletown, sold a two-year-old half-breedpony to Lucien Perkins, of Bourbon, at$100.Geo. K. Pepper, of Bourbon, sold aquanity of baled clover hay to J. TJ.Boardman, of Paris, at $12 per ton, delivered. Ground was broken last week forthe foundation of the new Growers'Loose Leaf Warehouse in- Flemingsburg.Albert T. Moffett, of near Millersburg, recently sold to Dan Crowe several head of yearling cattle at $30 per"head.J. H. Thompson on Tuesday delivered to Caywood & McClintock, forSwift & Company, of Chicago, sixtyhead of 1,500-pound cattle, at 8 cents'a pound.McKee Brothers' sale of DurocJersey hogs at Forest Farm, Tuesday, averaged $92.64 for 51 head. Col. E. H.Taylor, Jr., the Frankkfort distiller,paid $265 for Bonnie M., yearling sow,by Instructor.That the 1913 crop of tobacco inNicholas county will be one of theshortest ever raised in the county isnow certain. Growers coming fromsome sections of the country reportthat their crops have been virtuallyabandoned, owing to the fact that theyhave been ruined by the dry weather.One grower reported that tobacco inhis section was literally burning upand would not be worth housing at all.Indicatinos are that thhe corn crop willalsobes hort, as the droughht has practically ruined much of it already. Avegetable famine is also threatened.The inrush of cattle to the KansasCity stock yards from the dry sectionsof Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma andMissouri, which began in earnest Monday, whhen 30,000 head were unloadedcontinued Tuesday with the receipt of16,000 more. For the two days of thisweek 46,000 cattle have been received,20,000 more than Monday and Tuesdayof last week, and nearly twice as manyas were received at the Chicago stockyards in two days preceding.Prices were 15 to 25c. a hundred lower, making adrop of 50c. to $1.25 a hundred in the last ten days.Commission men said that lettersand telegrams from the stock-raisingdistricts were gloomy and indicatedthat unless rain-came soon the floodingof the local cattle market would be redoubled. REMARKABLE CUREOF DYSENTERY."I was attacked with dysenteryabout July 15, and used the doctors'medicine and other remedies with norelief, oaly getting worse all the time.I was unable to do anything and myWeight dropped from 145 to 125pounds. I suffered for about twomonths when I was advised to useChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. I used two bottlesof it and it gave me permanent relief,"writes B. W. Hill, of Snow Hill, N. C.For sale by all dealers.(August)n57 57 Woxfords ffVVVATTRACTIVE PROGRAM .,FOR LAST DAY OF THE FAIR.Never before has there been offersda premium list more attractive for thelast day of the Bourbon Fair, which,begins August 19th. Varying fromtheu sual custom, many of the bestpremiums haye been reserved for thefinal day. This includes the ring forroadsters for harness sweepstakes forroadsters, the. New York saddle classand draft horses. The final awards forthe highest score in tha Baby HealthExhibit will be made on the last dayof the fair. 29-tfYOU WILL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction by traing at(18-tf) FELD'S.KentuckySEPTEMBERThe Kentucky Stateand livestock exhibitorsbest products of their farms and best specimens oflivestock and to the women an opportunity to displaytheir handiwork and cookery at the 1913 Fair, forwhich liberal premiums are offered.$30,000 in Premiums6-BIG DAYS -6 Retort RaiM RatesFor Information, Entry Blanks. Catalog, Etc., addressJ. L. DENT, Secretary,705 PAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLEWHY"Hotpoint"MHandy. Ready to start work anywhere, any time, bysimply attaching to electric light socket.Economical. You use current only when ironing,and then not all the time.Labor Saving. No running from stove to ironingboard. No reaching and lifting iron onstand.Time Saving. No waiting for iron to heat up. Nostopping. You simply iron and iron.Clean and Cool. No heat or soot or smut. Youcan iron on the porch in summer time, Handle always cool.Efficient. Point always hot, and will iron the heaviest pieces as well as light ironing.Guaranteed for ten years. Costs not over 5c anhour to operate. Price, 3.50.Phone for one to be sent on trial.PanskmINCORPORATED... JlflHhL''-;':mij,(426 W 'WJi.QUIT THAT GET RICH QUICKSPECULATION"Last year I had some money saved up," he said, ,fanJIF I had kept it in the Bank and left it there it would bethereNOW, with more added to ft. But a stranger came along"with an enticing scheme 'and I bit. If I had had any sense Iwould have asked my BANKER about those 'good thingslbefore I invested and LOST my money." ' "$Make OUR bank YOUR bank vrWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.-DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.;THREE FIRST-CLASSBARBERS EMPLOYED,. 1Buck 'Freeman, the old reliable harber, Main street, opposite the court Jhouse, now has three first-class barbers. No waits. Get Buck's coal oilshampoo, guaranteed to stop hair fromfalling and a sure cure for dandruff.The largest bath tub in Paris. tf'HOW THE TROUBLE STARTS.Constipation is the cause of manyailments and disorders that make lifemiserable. Take Chamberlain's Tablets, keep your bowels regular and youwill avoid these diseases. For sale byall dealers.(August)State Fair15 to 20, 1913Fair will offer to the farmersan opportunity to exhibit theGQUSEElectric IronsHnctric Co.O mmmmIF I ONLYHAD THATMONEYIN THE.ANKNOW..isihf I iIt,IIrv.v: ZD-A-DSr co i: E! 1ST :JLwHPMHMMMMMlMMiaiHilMMilMiiaCapital, $100,000.00.J. M. HALL, President.Surplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS. Cashier.?JV .t- y Sy$ 'VPfcfc''1' .: . i?- ' '? ' ' mil r Hi. . i .4ft-J8