THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAH -1'VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 11, 1913.WOMAN KILLED BY AUTO -DRIVEN BY PARIS MAN.11r ' ccc -itf'S''wV-9Biing Us YourWatch WorkWe are EfficientWe are PromptTry us.$a,. '&&t Quick Lunches For XvHot Wectther..Skf&WBoiled Ham Minced HamDried BeefAll these Meats are Sliced Fresh on theMachine for YouA-a Imported Swiss Cheese Brick CheeseSnappy CheesePimento in Jars New York CreamTry our Sliced Ham and Breakfast Bacon andYou Will Use no Other.4S.lM)44iffJ& We also have a full line of Fruit Jars, Cans MVlS and Jar Rubbers.T. C. LENIHAN,Jy Cash Grocery.h Both Phones 234(liswWvtegC3CCCCgCC3Cg$$33C5 VMSSftgfSfXw&tfete1We are Deiowin&i to Sell Thif Season'sifi lilLUU S?HI CduliretgWyTAIIP235-pB!t.$&til Hie following iissiThe Courier-Journal of Thursday,gave the following account of an autoaccident in which Mr. J. T. Redmon,of near this ciy, figured, and who isbeing held in that city on a charge ofmurder: i"After being struck by an automobile driven by J. T. Redmon, a farmer living near Paris, Ky., at Ninthstreet and Broadway at 6 o'clock lastnight, Miss Mathilda Elizabeth Vann, itoaged 40 of 331 East Gray street, died TKshortly before 11 o'clock at the Norton wMemorial Inflmary. I M"Besides Miss Vann, F. C. Bohliilger, Ma stenographer, of 1306 South Floyd. W.4-nn4- ...,-. ;n-i...-tl in fVi-i nnniflonf in 'which a street car, two automobilesand a bicycle figured."Miss Vann was crossing Broadwayat Ninth street when she was struckby the machine, in which were seated,besides Mr. Redmon, the latter's,daughter, Mrs. Minnie Tarr, of Paris;his granddaughter, Miss ElizabethTarr, and Mrs. Mary Walker, also of"Paris."The woman was unconscious whenplaced in the police automobile of theThird district, which had been calledby Patrolmen Ahearn and Palsick,who were on the scene within a shorttime after the accident. Her condition was not considered serious at first,but it was discovered later that shehad suffered a concussion of the brain.Other injuries consisted of wounds inher head and breast."Redmon was arrested by the policeand charged with malicious assault.Immediately after his arrest Dr. E. C.Redmon, a brother, furnished bond forhis release. He will be rearrested assoon as he can be found a charge ofmurder will be placed against him,according to Night Chief of PoliceRidge.While at the county jail Mr. Redmon, in explaining the accident, saidhe was driving east on Broadwayalongside of an east-bound car of theWest Broadway line. A young manon a bicycle wss riding between hisma nil in a nnrl t.liA south p.urh. At Ninthstreet the car, the machine and the j f$?.bicycle were close together, and Mr.Redmon said he had an eye on the bicycle because it seemed to be in danger of being struck. In trying toavoid this his machine struck thewoman, who apparently attempted toget oet out of the way of the car. Hebacked up his machine, and in doing sodamaged another machine, the ownerof which made inquiries about him after he had been released from custody. U"Mr. Redmon declared he assistedthe police in placing the woman in am!auto and then accompanied the policemen to jail. He could not say howBohlinger was injured, but the policebelieve that he ran into the automobile trying to avoid pedestrians: Hisinjuries are not of a serious nature."Mr. Redmon, in company; with hisdaughter, granddaughter and Missker, left this city Tuesday for Louisville. Relatives in Paris have beenin communication with them since theaccident, which it is declared by anumber to have been the result of nonegligence on the part of Mr. Redmon.Mr. Redmon's case came up in thePolice Court yesterday morning and hewas held over for trial on July 19 under bond of $3,500. Judge Boldrickplaced the bond at $5,000 at first, butRedmon's attorney, James P. Edwards,opposed it as excessive, stating thatas Mr. Redmon was a non-resident ofLouisville it might be difficult -for himto secure so large a bond. The defendant did not appear in court."WE KNOW HOWyjS'&-v.yIf You Have;,,:. $10 to SpendJust come to this store and invest it in one-; of these two-piece Summer Suits which we areselling for a "Ten-Spot." iIf y6u want to see real values just glanceat our windows and you will be convinced thatwe can givVyou W better suit than can be purchased at any other store in town for a greatdeal more money.These suits are all well made and trimmed. Coats are 1-2 lined with light-weightalpaca. Trousers either plain or cuff bottoms, belt strap, medium peg top or regularshape. Sizes to fit anyone.-tixt3-is' iStetson Shoes andStetson Hats'Manhattan Shirts inbright, snappySpring styles--Mitchell & Blakemore,rOutfitters to MienParis, KentuckyMkSSSimMI!!llI!nillirinU!!l:n!iIIIIIUIIII!lin!l!l!!l!I!llllll!IIIllinillIIIIIllinill!llII!IIIIIIIlllI!llU'lli!lIIIIll!lll!!lIlllllll!IIW)FRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.AUTOMOBILE INSURANCE.Liability for personal injuryDamage of property of others.Damage sustained to your own ma-,chine.Fire any place the machine may be.RUDOLPH DAVIS, Agent.yLOCATES IN PARIS.Cynthiana Log Cabin: "Mr. andMrs. Forrest Durant have located atParis, Mr. Durant having accepted aposition there with the L. & N."BIG SHIPMENT.W& 3SlJSK.MrrSm $25.00 Suits now22.50 Suits now20.00 Suits now18.00 Suits now15.00 Suits now$16.50 114.50 ttftio.au12.5010.00mmkSiWMMiNow is the time to get well made Suits of all wool material at less than others ask for inferior make.Straw Hats at One-Half PriceBoys' $5.00 Knee Pant .Suits for $3.00.PRi6&5c60,6iotniersarid Furnishers3im&:mRm&Caywood & McClintock shipped yesterday 900 lambs, on Thursday 225, on jgFriday 76 head of large cattle yesterday, all bought of Bourbon farmers,, to bthe New York market. j srsksj&ANEVER COME BACK..Jack Johnson, the negro pugilist, arrived yesterday in Havre, France, onboard the Corinthian, and immediately on landing announced his determination never to return to the UnitedStates. He said he would in the future take up his residence in Paris.WOMAN ROBBED OF$35,000 IN JEWELS.if&S?lWWmMmir3-w&m&mmmmmw&&wsilmV2li?tZ2-J!LJ7.KSj?2L1-'tt9f7ttC7jm&-JtsiKz Vfs- srs?F r?s sr vsr- vt?-Mrs. John F. Martin, of New York,was robbed Wednesday evening of jewelry valued at $32,000 at her home onthe Place Vendome, in Paris, France.She had left the jewels wrapped ina handkerchief on a table in her suite.When she went to her room to dressfor dinner they were there no longer.Mrs. Martin is a wealthy widow, whoseresidence is at the Hotel Ansonia, NewYork City.Mid-SummerCLEARANCE SAMENow in ProgressLasts Until July 15Special Reductions1-4, 1-3, 1-2 off onReady-to-Wear GarmentsIncludingStreet and Evening Dresses " v.Street and Evening CoatsLingerie and Wash DressesLinen and Cloth Coats 1Linen and Serge Suits3STOCK AND FARM NOTESv vy- vYiSt!isW83amfKSfflaTiw3!(!3ahd.3rj'aFrank Colljns, of Bourbon, boughtfrom Ben 'Henry, of Nicholas, nicesuckling mule, at $175.This is a great opportunity for careful buyers to make a worth whilesaving in their bank account, and still purchase up-to-date and dependablemercKandise.Come in and give us the chance to prove our assertions.HtiflmiiiiniiiinffHwnmmiismiim Qfn mmmmmnwtoFRANK & Ci13-;ftMz'Ci&xtfit,?Mklna,hiwII"0 'TTi .ijioes Kjiai s,ppeaito QverifsOiluVomanINew models and exclusive patterns areshown at all times in our display of Women'sFootwear. Every pair of these Shoes alsoshow elegance of finish and grace in each particular line. We can give you fitting qualitiesin Shoes which cannot be excelled, and as toservice, it need only be said that our Shoes aremade by the best Shoe makers in the world.We can give them to you in widths as narrowas AA.We invite your inspection.IGeo. McWilliams,HE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVEH.TISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mat! er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.Barbers Act as Coroners.In Egypt a large proportion of thebarbers are state functionaries. According to an edict issued by Ibrahim Pasha in 1848, every village barber was ordered, when death occurredin his district, to make a careful ex-"amination of the corpse, and report tothe authorities any death occurringthrough Epidemic, disease or foul play.Severe penalties were imposed for anyneglect of this duty, and a fee of 5cents was paid for each death registered. Five years ago the system ofpayment by fees was' abolished andeach village barber now draws fromthe government a fixed salary for hisservicesFOR CUTS, BURNS AND BRUISES.XLPhones 301The Shoe ManmmYxnrcircrouMitoas(US(UsLBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Prpps.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Streetftfm()ift'ftftWe Take Pleasure.in '-oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundrv line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrt wfamous foi fine work and it cidever goes bnck on its repu- Wtation. If you are particular fabout now your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.vwThe right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.bpacc i a newspaper's stock intrad eou-(n of revenue. 'In every home there should be a boxof Bucklen's Arnica Saive, ready toapply in every case of burns, cuts,wounds or scalds. J. H. Polanco, Delvalle, Tex., R. No 2. writes: "Bucklen's Arnica Salve saved my littlegirl's cut foot. No one believed itcould be cured." The world's bestsalve. Only 25c. Recommended byL. Oberdorfer and W. T. Brooks.THE KING. OF. ALL LAXATIVES.Woman's Danger SignalsHot flashes dizziness, fainting spells, headache, bearing-downfeeling and ills of a kindred nature are nature's danger signal.The female disturbance or irregularity back of these calls for help,should have immediate care and attention. Otherwise the delicatefemale constitution soon breaks down.eaJ$r- dt- vte's Efevorite Prescription' for morn than 40 Tears has been lending its health restoring aid to thoa-nsands of women year j- ter j ear throughout its long life.This wonderfully successful remedy imparts strength to the entire system'particularly to the organs distinctly feminine. Nerves are refreshed. The "stale",overworked business woman, the run-down house-wife, and the weary care-wornmother of a family all will gain strength from this famous prescription which40 years has demonstrated its effectiveness in liquid or tablet form.SOIiX BY P32A&3SRS IN MSPICIN3ES.Writs Dr. ft. V. Pierce's Specialists at the Invalids' HotelCorrespondence Strictly Confidentialand no charge.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regnlate and invigorate stomach, liverand bowels. Sugar-coated tiny grannies easy to talre as Candyrun t'i-" - --f JWIWlj PW'ANNOUNCEMENTS.mThe News is authorized to make thefollowing announcements, subiect tothe action of the Democratic PrimaryAugust 2, 1913:For RepresentativeREUBEN HUTCHORAFI.For State SenatorHON. J. WILL CLAYRUFUS HADDENFor Commonwealth's AttorneyVlUTOJbC A. BRADLEYFor County ClerkPEARCE PATONJ. WALTER PAYNEFor Police JudgeR. S. PORTERL. GRINNANTHOS. J. HOLLIDAYE. B. JANUARYFor CoronerGEO. M. KISERRUDOLPH DAVISFor MayorJ. T. HINTONJAS. M. O'BRIEN.For Police ChiefJ. C. ELGIN, Sr.W. F. LINKGEO. M. HILLBEN BISHOPGEO. W. JUDYFor JailerJOSEPH FARRISW. O. BUTLERFor CouncilmenFirst WardWHITTINGTON MANN.GEO. D. SPEAKES.W. T. BROOKS.Second Ward. 'W. O. HINTON.BRUCE MILLER.W A. WALLEN.WM. KENNEY,Third WardJACK WOODS.For Assessor.' R. M. GILKEY.L. B. Purnell, Deputy.JOHN S. WIGGINS.Wm. Lynch, Deputy.For County Judgec a. McMillan.For County AttorneyGEO. BATTERTON.For constipation, headaches, indigestion and dyspepsia, use Dr. King'sNew Life Pills. Paul Mathulka, ofBuffalo, New York, says they are the"King of all laxatives. They are ablessing to all my family and I alwayskeep a box of them at home." Get abox and get well. Price 25c. Recommended by L. Oberdorfer and W. T.Brooks.Those Good Old Times.Bobby's' grandfather often referredto the good old days when such commodities as meat, vegetables, fruit,etc., were grown and prepared athome. One day at dinner the mincepie was praised. "But I'll bet," declared the five-year-old boy loyally,"It's nothing like the pie that grandmaused to make when she raised andpicked her own minces; is it, grandma?"UNSIGHTLY FACE SPOTS.Are cured by Dr. Hobson's EczemaOintment, which heals all skin erup-itions. No matter how long you havebeen troudled by itching, burning orscaly skin humors, just put a little ofthat soothing antisetptic, Dr. Hobson'sEczema Ointment, on the sores andthe suffering stops instantly. Healingbegins that very minute. Doctors useit in their practice and recommend it.Mr. Alleman, of Littletown, Pa., says:"Had eczema on forehead; Dr. Hobson's Ointment cured it in two weeks."Guaranteed to relieve or money refunded. All druggists, or by mail.Price 50c. Pfeiffer Chemical Co.,Philadelphia and St. Louis.GEO. W. DAVISFDNERAL DIIvh'CTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEDBOTH 'PHONES DAI' 137; NIGHT 399.STOMACH TROUBLEv.FOR FIVE YEARSHijority of Friends Thought Mr.Hughes Would Die, ButI jOne Helped Him to. Recovery.$v,vtPomeroyton, Ky. In interesting ad-vtKS from this place, Mr. A. J. Hughes"writes as follows : "I was down withstomach trouble for five (5) years, and"would have sick headache so bad, at'.times, that I thought surely I would die.I tried different treatments, but they,itdnot seem to do me any good.I got so bad, .1 could not eat or sleep,and all my friends, except one, thought Iwould die. He advised me to tryIfcedford's Black-Draught, and quittaking other medicines. I decided totake his advice, although I did not haveany confidence in it.1 have now been taking Black-Draughtfor three months, and it has cured mehaven't had those awful sick headachessince I began using it.I am so thankful for what BlackDraught has done for me."Thedford's Black-Draught has beenfound a very valuable medicine for derangements of the stomach and liver. Itis composed of pure, vegetable herbs,contains no dangerous ingredients, andacts gently, yet surely. It can be freely ,used by young and old, and should bekept in every family chest. 'Get a package today.Only a quarter.Por MagistrateERNEST MARTIN, ParisIj. J. PRETWEIL, ParisA. L. STEVENS ON,ClintonvilleR. O. TURNER, Ruddles Mills.For Sheriff"W.F. TAIiBOTT,W. G. McCIiINTOCK, DeputyJ. O. MARSHALL, DeputyKentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky fairs in 1913as far as reported:Mt. Sterling, July 234 days.Harrodsburg, July 29 i days.Madisonville, July 29 1 days.Uniontown, Aug. 5 5 days.Taylorsville, Aug. 5 4 days.Tri-County Fair (Carroll, Gallatin,Owen), Saunders, Aug. 6 i days.Danville, Aug. 6 3 days.Blue Grass Fair, Lexington, Aug. 116 days.Mt. Vernon, Aug. 63 3ays.Winchester, Aug. 6 1 days.Berea, Aug. 7 3 days.Fern Creek (Buechel), Aug. 12-Adays.Leitchfield, Aug. 123 days.Henderson, Aug. 12 5 days.Brodhead, Aug. 13 3 days.Perryville, Aug. 13 3 days.Vanceburg, Aug. 13 4 days.PARIS, AUG. 195 days.Hardinsburg, Aug. 19 3 days.Lawrenceburg, Aug. 19 4 days.Shepherdsville, Aug. 19 4 days.Erlanger, Aug. 20 4 days.Stanford, Aug. 203 days.Ewing, Aug. 21 3 days.Eminence, Aug. 21 3 days.Elizabethtown, Aug. 26 3 days.Shelbyville, Aug. 26 4 days.London, Aug. 26 I days.Nicholasville, Aug. 26 3 days.Florence, Aug. 27 1 days.Germantown, Aug. 27 1 days.Alexandria, Sept. 2 5 days.Fulton, Sept. 2 5 days.Frankfort, Sept. 24 days.Somerset, Sept. 2 4 days.Bardstown, Sept. 34 days.Barboursville, Sept. 3 3 days.TompkinsvH.'e. Sept. 3 4 days,Franklin, S .- - 3 days.Hodgenvh: . -,. 9 3 days. vMontiellol ri - . 9 todays.What Astonished Legal Expert."The Declaration of Independence isa wonderful document," said the patriotic citizen. "Yes," replied the legalexpert. "It's one of the ablest documents I ever saw. And the most remarkable thing is that with all theability it represents, nobody appearsto have received a cent for drawingIt up."RID YOUR CHILDREN OF WORMS.You can change fretful, '11-temperedchildren into healthy, nappy youngsters by ridding them cf worms. Tossing, rolling, grinding of teeth, cryingout while asleep, accompanied by intense thirst, pains in the stomach andbowels, fevenshness and bad breath,are symptoms that nidicate worms.Kickapoo Worm Killer, a pleasant candy lozenge, expels the worms, regulates the bowels, restores your children to health and happiness. Mrs.J. A. Brisben, of Elgin, 111., says: "Ihave used Kickapoo Worm Killer foryears and it entirely rid my childrenof worms. I would not be without it"Guaranteed. All druggists, or by mail.Price 25c. Kickapoo Indian MedicineCo., Philadelphia and St. Louis.Once Was Enough.Little Sterling had been taken tochurch to be baptized, and being quiteindignant about the water being puton his head he remarked while coming out: "Well, I'll never get married again." '3EST MEDICINE IN THE WORLD."My little girl had dysentery verybad. I thought she would die. Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and DiarrhoeaRemedy cured her, and I can truthfully say that I think it is the bestmedicine in the world," writes Mrs.William Orvis, Claire, Mich. For saleby all dealers. -Difference In Failures.A Denver capitalist said bitterly,apropos of a dishonest liquidationwherein he had been caught: "Thereare pessimists who say that marriageis a failure; but between a marriageand a failure there's this difference:In a marriage the wife takes the husband's name, while in a failure thehusband takes the wife's name."n mm ttit irn "IjCCCi """"fimgSome H News.We will in a few days receive a car of SemiAnthricite Coal. It has the Pocahontas fracture, isa much harder Coal therefore comes a betterpreparation, and is an ideal Furnace Coal.ANALYSIS -Volatile 30.10Carbon 66.00Moisture .40Ask 3.50Is you are interested in a first-class furnaceCoal, come to the yard ofDodson & DentonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Coth Phones 140Now'., is the time to lay in your WinterGoalQeaggCSsggafcXgfegsaSsrtSisSCTomASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the CunaberlandTelephone works for him. He will reply:Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home1 ZGets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife ;Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits t7. Pays For Itself Over and Over , j.,Seven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet..1.2.3.Forjnformation, call manager.lart.HCumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated..Every WomanCome to the BigCASH - RAISINGSALEids. Dpimem siCorner Seventh and Main Sts.Big Bargains in Dry Goods, Dressgoods, Silks, Ladies' andMisses' Skirts, Waists, Dresses, Millinery,Shoes, Slippers, Etc.jCome to The BigSa!eWe are agents for Pictorial Patterns, Buster Brown Hose,Bon Bon and W. B. Corsets.Twin ISURPRISING CURE OF STOMACHTROUBLE.When you have trouble with yourstomach or chronic constipation, don'timagine that your case is beyond helpjust because your doctor fails to giveyou relief. Mrs. G. Stengel, Plainfield,N. J., writes : "For over a month pastI have been troubled with my stomach.Everything I ate upset it terribly.One of Chamberlain's advertisingbooklets came to me. After readinga few of the letters from people whohad been' cured by Chamberlain's Tablets, I decided to try them. I havetaken nearly three-fourths of a pack-age of them and can now eat almosteverything that I want." For sale byMorgantown, - ept 11 3( days. X all dealers.'It is not only lightning-proof but fire-proof andstorm-proof, too.CORTRIGHT METAL SHINGLESlast as long as the building and never need reoairs.Just me thing tor town or country buiklinEs. because thwmeet every condition of comfort, beauty and security,For Sale byBest & Hawkins, Millersburg, Ky.JI!4V.-$?'JJliLiMUlSnmwaij.uiLU",1.!the! bourbon news, parfs, ky.,JULY111913ay9mmtiiflMltllUHttlHIIMllMmtlMMftillStiliBigOur Great July Clearance SaleNOW GOING ONSeasonable Necessities !argains inEXTRA SPECIALSilk and Cotton Ratines Heliotropelight blues and browns and dark colors, the most popular fabrics of theseason. Values up to 85 cents per yd.SPECIAL PRICE 59 CtsEXTRA SPECIAL.46-inch Genuine Imported RatinesGreys, Copenhagen, pink, old rose, tanand light blue; $1.50 valuesSALE PRICE 98 Cts.EXTRA SPECIAL.Ratines, Lace Band Effects A goodvariety of summer shades, 46 insheswide. Regular 85c values.SALE PRICE 59 Cts.EXTRA SPECIAL.46 and 48-inch Double Width RatinesIn colored stripes. Regular 75c values. SALE PRICE 59 Cts.EXTRA .SPECIAL.One Lot of 40-inch Double WidthCrepes In tans, Copenhagen, Reseda,light blue. Very desirable for summerdays.' Regular 85c values.SALE PRICE 69 Cts.EXTRA SPECIAL.46-inch French and Ramie Linen Suitings All pure linen, come in helio,pinks, blues, green, brown, grey andwhite; 75c values.SPECIAL PRICE, per yard... 95 Cts.EXTRA SPECIAL.Clarendon Bedspreads Full size,best quality, full weight. One of thevery best values in a bedspread wehave ever offered at the regular priceof $1.75.SPECIAL SALE PRICE $1.49EXTRA SPECIAL.Work and Dress Aprons Excellentquality percale and gingham, desirable patterns.BIG VALUES AT 50c and 59cEXTRA SPECIAL.Prices on Genuine Human HairSwitches, as well as on all other HairGoodsDon't forget to visit our Manicuringand Hair Dressing Parlors on the thirdfloor.EXTRA SPECIAL..$1.00 Silk Stockings Extra quality reinforced toes and heels.SPECIAL SALE PRICE 79 Cts.rices onSoring Suits ThatCompel BuyingOur Entire Line of Spring Tailored Suitsvalues that sold-at $25, $27.50 and $30.0 0.SALE PRICE .'Mostly Wooltex GarmentsSpecial. ., $9.98Every Spring Tailored Suit in the House That sold from $35.00 to$45.00. SpecialSALE PRICE $14.98Extra Special In Wash Dress GoodsValues up to 20c a Yard10CentsThere are 5,000 yards in this lot, which consists of Daintypretty Dimities, Beautiful Batiste and Excellent Quality Ginghams.These are positively the greatest bargains in summer dress washdress goods we have ever offered. Values from 12c to 20c.SPECIAL SALE PRICE, per yard 10 . Cts.EXTRA SPECIAL. ,Good Seamless Sheets Excellentquality. Extra Special July Clearance.SALE PRICE , 59 Cts.EXTRA SPECIAL..49-inch St. Gaul and Venise Flouncings With embroidered bands, fullskirt lengths, beautiful patterns.Worth from $1.75 to $2.00 per yard.SPECIAL SALE PRICE, per yd.. 98cEXTRA SPECIAL.Charmeuse and Crepe Meteors Beautiful designs. The most desirable anapopular fabric for high class dresses.Regular $3.00 values.SALE PRICE per yard $i.stEXTRA SPECIAL.375c Silk and Cotton Ratines All desirable summer shades. ''Regular 75cvalues. SpecialSALE PRICE, per yard $1.95EXTRA SPECIAL.36-inch Chiffon Taffettas Splendidvalues at $1.50 per yard. SpecialSALE PRICE 69 Cts.Juljr Clearance Sale ofRemnantsWe have a large quantity of remnants and short lengths of WashGoods, Silks, Laces, Embroideries, Rib boons and Linens, which wehave collected together and put on sale Monday at prices which area fraction of their original values., Extra Special Prices OnMillineryThe first week of our greatCleaarance Sale was one of greatactivity in our Millinery Department. However, we have started thissale afresh and will add many new and attractive shapes to sell atSale Prices.One lot of $;SALE PRICE.and $7 Hats, stylish modelsOne Lot of Hats that sold from $7 to $12.SALE PRICE r.$1.98.$2.98EXTRA SPECIAL.One Lot of Embroidered Voiles 48inches wide. Pretty shades of lavender, blues, apricot and other goodcolors, including black. Regular $3per yard values.SALE PRICE 98 Cts.SPECIAL PRICE.One Lot Embroidered and BrocadeTissues All pure silk, in black only.Values from $2.50 to $4.00 per yard.SALE PRICE, per yard 98 Cts.' EXTRA SPECIAL.One Lot of Voile and MarquisetteEmbroidered "Dress Patterns Patternsthat were priced originally at $21, $30,$35 and $40.SALE PR ICE. $5.95, $7.75, $$9,95 $11.95EXTRA SPECIAL.One Lot of Silk Radium, BrocadedCrepe and Charmeuse Dress PatternsBeautiful colors and exquisite designs. Patterns that sold at $10,$15 and $18.SALE PRICE.. $3.95, $8.75. and $11.95Can't Keep It Secret.The splendid work of Chamberlain'sTablets is daily becoming more widely Known. No such grand remedy forstomach and liver troubles has everbeen known. For sale by all dealers.I Martin Bros fPILES! PILES' IWILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE ointmfnt SWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 81.00.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.For Sale.1913 model motor cycles and mntnrboats at bargain prices, all makpsbrand new machines, on easy monthlvpayment plan. Get our propositionbefore buying or you will regret it,also bargains in used motor ovHpcsWrite us to-day. Enclose stamp forreply. Address, Lock Box 11, Trenton,Mich. inivi.ofFor Rent.Cottage of 5 rooms, newlv nanerp.dand painted, inside tmd out. Electriclights, water and sewer connections.Possession at once. Call East TennPhone 34.Furniture Moving,City Transferand First-CalssLiveryiOur Facilities forHeavy Hauling &Good.Our Livery is as good as theother fellows. Horses fedby the week or month.We would appreciate ashare of your business.Prompt attention given allorders.Both Phones 260.MARTIN BEOS.,Eighth St.Paris, KentuckyIOne Lot of Hats that sold from $12. to $lo.SALE PRICE ...$5.00, EXTRA SPECIAL.5-inch Hair Ribbon. SpecialSALE .PRICE 19Cts.onirliichell, Baker & SmifhIncorporated230-232 W. Main St.,Lexington, Kyt61iiPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY, J-dlr 1375 cRoundTrip75cSCENIC BEAUTYOUTDOOR ENJOYMENTRound,TripMUSICTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 am.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further information.H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.e)9$99GcsttteeteaL.& N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT MAY 4,1913Trains .A.rrrveNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga.. Daily 5 21 am134 Lexington. Ky., Daily . 5.18am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.40 am40 Lexington, Ky., paily Except Sunday 7.22 am37 Cincinnati. O.. Duily 9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am j12 Lexington, iSyt, Daily iu.io am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.33 pm38 Knoxville.enn.. Daily : , 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily. , 5.ia pm39 Cincinnati, O . Daily Except Sunday 5 50 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily . 6,06 Dm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5. 50 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 18 pmJ t: in.. 0.,Dailv 10:50pmTrains TDe-partb T034 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily" Except Sunday 7.50 an:10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.50 am137 Lexington, Kv., Daily 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily j 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.20 am133, Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.29 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.&3 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily , 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Kv., Daily Except Sunday :. .5.50 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily :...6.23 pm8 Mavsville. Kv.. Dailv Except Sunday 6.20 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pm j31 Lexington, K., Daily Ju.no pm31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily.... t 10.57 pmMaking a Stove Look New.An old stove can be made to looklike new by, first of all, washing itwith hot 4oap suds containing an alkali to cut the grease, etc. Mix withany good stove blacking a teaspoon ofturpentine. Apply to stove, and whennearly drr polish in the usual way.The turpentine keeps the blackingfrom flying. Nickel-work on the stovescan be cleaned by applying wood ashes and vinegar mixed to a paste. Apply, and rub or dust. Zinc: Wash clean,then rub with cloth soaked with ker-osene.Long Life of Clocks.Of all machines made by man nonecan compare for long life with theclock. The life of a clock is as muchlonger than that of any other machinery as the life of a man is longerthan that of a dog. The French cityof Rouen has a great clock which wasbuilt in the year 1389 and is still keeping good time. Except for cleaningand a few necei.sary repairs it k hasnever stopped during a period of rethan five centuries. It strikes' thehours and chimes the quarters. ,I TnirY Rrrrarf Cr ;B XWJ" JVSgULVX W.?Jewelers and ImporetrsDEALERS IN HIGH-CLASSDiamonds andPreciuosStonesSnail Shells in Demand.More than 600,000 pounds of snailshells are shipped out of Malaysiaevery year to Europe and America tobe used in the making of buttons andnovelties. The shells, when of goodquality, bring about 16 cents a poundin New York. The shells are takenfrom the ocean by fishermen and soldthrough Chinese collectors to European firms at Singapore.IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Tretiris -A.rrrveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except.Sunda 7.44 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .-. 3.30 pm5 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 nmTrains IDe;pa,rt;r7o. A TO '37' Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday .. 7.44 an,l"P ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am1 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunday ;......- -. 5.54 pmRiches and Happiness.Seek not to be rich, but happy. Theone lies in bags, the other in content,which wealth can never give. William Penn.Special Rates & Excursions.Eucursion to Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, July k$1.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.Tickets good on special trainonly.Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address.W. H. HARRIS, AgentJ. K. SMITH, T. A.We carry a large assortmenteverything in the Jewelry line.Your patronage is solicited.of Sterling Silver, andmmVICTOR BOGAERT CO.1 33-1 35 W. Main St.,Lexington, - - Kentucky mPTwinBros.BprtiMitstore701-703 Main Street, Corner SeventhhBARBERHOPWindsor Hotel.Equal in Earthquake Zont.As far as earthquake activity is concerned, Italy and Japan are' about on Ja par.Modern Equipment,Polite Service.SeelOur Window For$12.50, $15.00 and $18.00 SuitsReduced tor$9.98Going One Better.Angry Diner "Waiter, you are notfit to servea pig." Waiter "I am doing my best, six.'--Judge.Everything Sanitary." """phildren's Work a Special ty.2CARL CRAWFORDThese Suits are in the latest styles and colors and" areftexcellent values. Take a look at them. We also haT mfull line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts and everything thaMen and Boys wear.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'l' LJWoHstein, Propri or. .-Jt? tvL- " w s 4 .T!i - J. ."; &XS3rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KY., JULY 11,1913IF'yfMi 9ifI.I8III'IIML:iThe Bourbon NewsEstablished Feb. 1, 1881.SWIFT CHAMP,- Editor andPublisher(Entered at the Paris Kentucky Postoffice as Mail Matter of the SecondGlass.)-VOTE YOUR PROTEST.Does any voter who stops for a moment to think, want to perpetuate thepresent mismanagement of the pikesof Bourbon county? When your storejt your farm goes down from neglect,for want of attention or failure to discharge the duties imposed upon thosein charge, what does any business mandecide to do? Does he fold his handsand continue to employ those in chargeor does he clean out and take a newstart and turn off and get a new force?A sweeping vote against Dundon wille the greatest protest that the votersof Bouroon county can utter againstie the greatest protest that the voter?the shameful mismanagement of itsturnpikes in spite of heavy taxation.The best wray the public can protectitself against such neglect in the future by the incumbent of that office(County Judge) is to record their votesagainst Dundon in such overwhelmingnumbers as to warn everyone who fills-that office hereafter against a repetition of such a flagrant neglect of dutyas is manifest in every turnpike in"Bourbon county.THE PRESENTPOLITICALSITUATION.It is a matter of common talk on thestreets of Paris that Dundon is getting weaker and McMillan strongertion for County Judge. Why? Be-cause all the arguments and reasonsare against Dundon, and in time, the"truth is bound to prevail. Dundon hasheld office until even his friends admitthat he has had more than his share,and that he has made a mistake in announcing for the "office again. Evenif his administration had been successfiil and satisfactory, he would havemade a mistake in running again, because the public know when he hashad enough, even if he doesn't.But his administration has been sucha failure that even his friends and supporters must confess it, particularly-with regard to the deplorable conditionof the turnpikes, which no one has theface to stand up and defend. McMillan is just as good a Democrat and justas competent to fill the office as Dundon. Under these circumstances whatgood reason can be assigned for reelecting Dundon? It is no wonder,therefore, as time passes and the votersoberly reflects on this subject, thatreason prevails and Dundon's causegrows weaker and McMillan's stronger? A PLAIN STATEMENT OF FACTS.Mr.Editor:VUpon what grounds can JudgeDundon or any of his friends with anysort of reason base his" claim for further heln from the public? Few menhave the advantage of a thorough ed- the article of Judge Smith was so greatncation and a college education. that our supply was exhausted TuesJudge Dundon received through the j day and as we have received a numberBenefit or the Gartn Jnina a nmsneafinishededucation. This thing in itself wasstart in life and a fortune in itself.Pew fathers are able to give their sonsa thorough education a college education. And few of those who who apply for the Garth Fund are fortunateenough to get the benefit of it, because there are many applicants, andfew can be favored with it. Not onlythrough the Garth Fund has JudgeDundon received more than the ordinary boy gets from his own father andfamily, but he was elected County Attorney of Bourbon county for fouryears, making eight years of seryice asCounty Attorney enjoying the emolu-ments of that office and hinging him-whatever employment as attorney suchoa position would command in a community. Then he was elected CountyJudge, and at the end of his term offour years he was endorsed by re-election.This makes sixteen years of continuous office-holding, with all theemoluments and incidentals to the position, and four or five years of support and public help while getting thebenefit of the Garth Fund. This totalstwenty years or more of his start inlife. When we remember there areplenty of young Democrats just as loyal and just as capable of filling theoffice, does it not appear to any un-hiased person that Judge Dundon hasalready had more than his share?Most of us have to get along withoutany of these things. Few young Democrats have any help at all. Surelythis one has had by comparison all thehielp due him.There is another important featurethat the voters should not overlook.The position of County Attorney andCounty Judge brings to a lawyer filling those offices a lot of outside business, which gradually increases as hecontinues in office, and leads to employment just because of holding theposition of County Attorney and County Judge. In this way the office bringshim professional tmployment outside othe emoluments of the office. JudgeDundon has had sixteen years of thisland of indirect profit and emoluments-of his officee, and during this time hehas built up his practice. All he getsoutside of the position of his office isso jmuch added to his income. This"iudlrect benefit of his position is as important as the position itself, and certainly he has been favored wrhen weconsider the voters of Bourbon haveleft him in office sixteen years buildingup his private practice by reason ofthe vantage ground of being in theseoffices.J& it not about time that he "was! letting go the offices and continuing thepractice which the voters have enabledhim to thus build up? The temptationof suclj. a position is to attend to theprivate practice at odd intervals andlet the office go until the private business is all dispatched. The pay forpay for the office is a certainty, and heknows that he can collect for that,-whereas, prompt performance of hisTprofeseional engagements means morek Syind m.ore b-Vf iness L0 tn? tWe.o, the voter will see that a long stayof sixteen years in these offices continuously is bound to lead to a situation where the incumbent, if a lawyer,has too much business of his own toattend properly to the business of thepublic.We doubt very .much if Judge Dundon has ever taken the time from hisprivate practice to ride over a singlepike in the county, unless when he is acandidate. His private business doesnot admit of giving such time to thepublic and to the discharge of the duties of his office. We are informedthat in a neighboring county the County Judge not only goes over the pikesin his own county frequently, but visitsthe neighboring counties to examinetheir pikes for the purpose of keepinghimself informed, and to see that thepublic get full value for the taxes theypay in the way of good roads in hisown county. But our County Judge istoo busy with his professional dutiesas attorney to look after such thingsfor the tax-payers of Bourbon county,or to ride over their roads, althoughhe regularly draws all the pay of hisoffice.Hence, is it any surprise, after all,"that Judge Dundon does not find timeof late years to look after the turnpikes of Bourbon county, and that theturnpikes have become so neglectedthat there is a general outcry from thepeople of Bourbon county about thebad condition of our roads?The voters of the county can hardlyappreciate the seriousness of the condition of our roads. Although Bourbonhas paid her full share of taxes forroads her roads have gone from bad toworse. The cost of repairing all theseroads is something alarming when webegin to estimate the expense.To vote for Judge Dundon for a thirdterm is to endorse his administration,and to continue in this important officea man who has not the ti,me to lookafter it or to look after the turnpikesof Bourbon county. He will feel thateYr7 Yot ?e. ?etf.is an endorsementof his administration, and," notwithstanding the fact that he has neglected the turnpikes until the grandjury has had to arraign him for his neglect of duty, he will still feel that heis vindicated if the voters of Bourbonre-elect him under the circumstancs,and that the shameful neglect of thepikes of Bourbon county meets the approval of the tax-payers of Bourboncounty. Every voter should think ofthese things before he contemplatescasting in favor of- Judge Dundon avote for another term of four years inoffice.Having been in the office of CountyJudge already for two terms, or eightyears, Judge Dundon has had ampletime to show the people of Bourboncounty that he is able to keepheroads of Bourbon county in conditionfor travl. Having miserably failed todischarge this duty, shall the voters ofBourbon give him another term offour years and thereby continue an administration which has been a conspicuous failure?A VOTERFORMER COUNTY JUDGEATTACKS UNKNOWN WRITER.The demand for papers containingor requests tor copies or tiie paperofa:contaiing the article we lvp'jfuS-m itfor the benefitreceive it.of those wh3 did notTo the Editor of the BourbonNews:As your paper is the first county pa-per issued alter the appearance ofthe literary production in the ParisDemocrat ofSaturday, July 5, sub-.ject: "Why Judge Dundon Will Be Re-Elected," and signed, "Some DemocratWho Will Vote For Judge Dundon,"which is such a wanton reflection, notonly upon the judicial and businessability, but the honesty of all formerj County Judges, that we ask space inyour paper to notice these villianousinnuendoes some onee ought to answerana as uiere are only two lormerCounty Judges living, and one of thetwo is out of the United States, inPeru, South America, servinj out histerm as U. S. Minister, so I aai theonly one of these undesirable citizensnow in the county. To keep silentwould not only be unjust to the living,but worse than criminal to the memory of the dead. Why such nefariousreflections should be made is cerainlynot because of any actioni of mine inthe present campaign, for J have neverexpressed how I was going to vote tomy most intimate friends, nor to eitherMr. Dundon's or Mr. McMillan's mostactive supporters, nor have I ever expressed myself upon the qualificationsof either. I have said frequently thatthey wrere candidates for the office Ihad just retired from, when the present County Judge came into office,and the very intimate associationswith both of them while in office, Ithought it just to both candidates toexpress no preference. Perhaps it isbecause the opponent to their Idol isrelated by marriage to the kinsmanof one of the former County Judgesthat these malicious defamers of deadmen's characters (by now questioningi their honesty) have, done this ghoulishaeea.There are five "Becauses" in this literary production and we will noticethem as they come:No. 1 "Because he is a etterlawyer than any County Judge Bourbon County ever had." Now, Mr.Reader, which is the better way to decide on the legal acumen of theseJudges? Shall it be by the "Because"of some unknown newspaper correspondent, or by the court records?Take the legal decisions of the presentCounty Jduge and of each of the former County Judges, both in the Quarterly Court and the County Court, thathave been appealed to the highercourts and see how many reversals ofhe legal decisions of each Judge andcompare them.No. Two ''Because no other Judgehas been as good a business man asJudge Dundon." Now, just what thegreat unknown means by this "Because" is not clear. If he means thathis Idol has managed the turnpike repair question (the only big businessproposition that has come under Tiisadministration) in such -a fine businessway, the report of a Bourbon CountyGrand Jury (just published) does notagre wih him, so I refer the reader tothat report.Five of the largest business propositions that have come before the Bourbon County Courts that we recall:Building of the court house in theseventies, costing the county $125,000. Taking over the turnpikes fromthe stockholders to the county, and de-J vising ways and means to pay for theminvolving an amount upwards of ?60,000. The organizing and systemizingthe turnpike repair system, whichtakes half of the county levy eachyear. The law suits with the insurance companies over the insurance onthe court house, amounting to morethan $50,000. The building of thepresent court house, and equipping it,involving an amount of $165,000, Allthe above business propositions wereduring the administrations of the former Qounty Judges and no one everheard of the charge of mismanagementand graft until this literary productionof last Saturday.No. Three "Because Judge Dundonis independent he acts independentlyand thinks independently, no matterwhose selfish interests it hurts." "Nowjust what the great unknown meansby "independent" and "no matterwhose selfish interest it hurts, I amat a loss to know. If he means thathis Idol has spent three or four hundred thousand dollars of the tax payers money on about fifty miles ofturnpike in the last four or eight yearsmaking a D. D. Boulevard forms particular friends and letting the other300 miles of turnpike in the county gowithout repairs or nearly so, and he isindependent to the appeals of the selfish interests of the taxpayers who liveon the 300 miles of "unrepaired turnpike, then the great unknown is rightj to call that independent. If that is independence (?) certainly Judge Samuels and Judge Hawes had some independence in their make up. Neitherwas ever known to leave their officeto solicit a vote when a candidate, andJudge Hawes was never known toname his candidacy to any one, eitherin his office or on the street, noranywhere, his position being a Judgeshould never electioneer. 'No. Four. "Because he is a. man offirm convictions and a man who hasnever been known to change or modify his convictions for a selfish gainor personal preferment." Now readbetween the lines; he is the onlyhonest Judge Bourbon county everhad. Now if anyone will read the records of the Fiscal Courts he will findthe same Fiscal Court voted to onecounty official $1,000 extra for servicesthey thought he had earned, and $700to another county official for the samereason. Tbc first named official refused 'die $1,000, not because he hadnot earned it, but because as he stated, it was illegal and against the constitution of the State. The secondnamed official accepted his $700 andput it to his bank account. The Ctmrtof Appeals afterwards rendered a decision that this extra allowance wasillegal. All the former County Judgeshad, and have not only political con--rvictions, but RELIGIOUS convictions Jalso.No. 5 "Because he is a MAN."Now just what the great unknownmeans by this "Because" I am unableto comprehend. There must be somegreat significance in the last word as ,it is extra large capitals, not only thefirst letter, but the entire word. Perhaps he means that class of theG nus Homo, that write articles tonewspapers trying to injure the character of the dead by innuendoes and'then forget to sign his name to them., Now, Mr. "Some Democrat WhoVole Tor Judge Dundon' when youanswer this (and I hone you will) let' me ask of you not to be guilty (as inyour last) of the hyena, ghoulish actof digging up the good name of thedead of some of the best men thatever lived in the county, because theopponent of your Idol married theniece of one of these former CountvJudges that have passed to the greatbeyond. Judge Matt Turney's life, asare the lives of Judge Samuels, JudgeHawes, Judge Man and Judge Pur-nell. an onen book tn nil nnri fhmVnames will ahv.ys be sacred to thegood and "nir minded people of thisoounty. Anl now as to the two livingformer County Judges, one of whom ishere to answer- for himself; and itwouloVbe like stabbing in the back toattackXhis character. So I ask and invite you to take all your hatred andspleen against the former County.Judges out of me, and I say turn thelights on, examine every official actof mine. Yes, every private act, everydealing I have had with my fellowmen,' view .me from every standpointand make it public, and if you .willmake the lights bright enough wewill find out the unwritten historyof the insurance suits, who shirkedresponsibility, also about the pjot thatwas concocted to swindle BourbonCounty out of $75,000 by circulatingthe report (so that every man, woman and child in the county knew ofit) that the court house building thatwas nearing completion was unsafeand would fall down if the plans werenot changed, and by the change thecontractor would charge the county$75,000 more than the contract calledfor. ' This same ruse was carriedthrough by the same contractor on acourt house building in Indiana. Thiscontractor had a leaky mouth, and soit leaked out that there was to be adivide of graft. And make thelights still brighter that we may seeif the A. T. C. will put $5,000 in thiscounty before the August primary tothe benefit of certain candidates. ButI am making this too long and muststop. Will look for the great Unknown's reply in one of the issues ofone of our county papers that are. yetto come out this week. I expect itin your organ that comes out on Saturday. If no reply comes I think Iwill write again any way, in a weekor two (if I can get one of the countypapers to publish it) and have more toand the increased taxes we are paying, and some other matters, so I say,"Lay on Macduff."(Signed)H. C. -SMITH,Former County Judge of BourbonCounty Court.The letters D. D. before the wordBoulevard is not intended for the initials of any county official, but as theladies terni it, Delightfully, DrivingBoulevard.CANDIDATES DRAW FORPOSITION ON BALLOT.As provided for in Section 15 of thePrimary Election Law, the drawingfor position on the primary electionballot for August 2, 1913, was held atthe County Clerk's office Tuesday afternoon, July 8, at 2:00 o'clock, andresulted as printed below.County Clerk Pearce Paton was incharge of the drawing. The nameswere placed m small tubes, all of thetubes were placed in a hat and thoroughly shaken up. They were drawnout by Mr. M. F. Kenney and the position recorded. The names and the order in which they come on the ballotare as follows:For County Judge Denis Dundon, C.A. McMillan.County Clerk Pearce Paton, J.Walter Payne.Jailer W. O. Butler, J. A. Faris.Assessor John- S. Wiggins, R.l M.Gilkey.Coroner Rudolph Davis, George M.Kiser.For Mayor James M. O'Brien; JohnT. Hinton.Chief of Police George M. Hill,George W. Judy, J. C. Elgin, FredLink, Ben F. Bishop.Police Judge Lafayette Grinnan,R. S. Porter, E. B. January, Thomas J.Holiday.- Council First Ward W. T. Brooks,Harold Roberts, Whittington Mann, W.W. Mitchell, George D. Speakes, H. O.James; Second Ward: D. C. Parrish,William Kenney, Bruce Miller, W. A.Wallen, J. G. Denon, W. O. Hinton;Third Ward: Harvey Hibler, JackWoods.Magistrate Paris Ernest Martin, L.J. Fretwell.Ruddles Mills George K. Redmon,R. Oi Turner.Constable Centerville Stuart TJrmston, J. S. Shawhan, John M. Leach.Clintohvill Wm. Beasley, D. D.Smih.North Middletown G. W. Sparks,Kash Harney.Paris S. M. Turpin, Thomas Craven. All of the above candidates are running on the Democratic ticket.Of the Republicans running, but oneoffice is being contested for, and thatis in the Third Ward. Mr. Harry Larkin and Mr. G. W. Ellis are each contesting for the Republican nominationfor Councilman, and the former secured the first place on the ballot.Two candidates were disqualifiedfrom running on account of not havingthe required number of qulifled signatures to their petitions. They wereMr. John Kane, of Paris, a candidatefor the Republican nomination forCouncilman from the Second Ward,and Mr. J. A. Brannock, who was acandidate for the Democratic nomination for Constable in the Rudles Millsprecinct.CARD FROM MR. FRED LINK.To the Democratic Voters of Paris:It is reported from unauthoritivesources that the leaders of the twotactions in this city are devoting muchof their time in electioneering in theChief of Police race.I have been advised from bothsources that this is without foundationand that the leaders of both factionshavfi asrrppd to -vvithlmlrl nnv notivitvin this particular race, other than tocast their votesThis being true, I trust the voterswill cast their ballot as their conscience dictates and let the best manwin. If elected, I will do my best toimake a good Chief, no matter who isMayor.Very truly yours,FRED LINK.DEMOCRATICCOMMITTEE MEETING.There will be a meeting of theBourbon County Democrtic Committee at the Court House on Wednesday,July 16, at 2 o'clock p. m. All candidates invited to attend.W. G. TALBOTT, Secretary.W. D. McINTYRE, Chairman.A GOOD INVESTMENT.W. D. Magli, a well-known merchantof Whitemound, Wis., bought a stockof Chamberlain's medicine so as to beable to supply them to his customers.After receiving them he was himselftaken sick, and says that one smallbottle of Chamberlain's Colic, Choleraand Diarrhoea Remedy was worth agreat deal more to him than the costof his entire stock of these medicines.For sale by all dealers.Beyond His Understanding.The Englishman -was attending hisfirst ball- game. He seemed veryuneasy after the fifth inning andfinally said to Irjs American friend:"I say, old chap, when do they servethe. tea?" "They don't serve tea ata ball game," laughed the American."No tea between innings?" gasped theEnglishman. "Then what's the object of the blooming game?"Feared He Had Lost Papa.2. minister was called from the dinner table 'to marry a couple. Theyoungest child, a boy of four or fiveyears old, heard his mother say thatthe father had gone to marry somebody. After a brief silence the boylooked up, and with a quivering lipasked, "Won't he be our papa anymore?" Christian Register.Rich Sugar Beets Grown in England.Recent experiments seem to haveshown that richer sugar beets can begrown in some parts of England thanare produced on the continent of Europe. CAUSES OF STOMACH TROUBLESSedentary habifs, lack of outdoor exercise, insufficient mastication -of food,constipation, a torpid liver, worry andanxiety, overeating, partaking of foodand drink not suited to your age andoccupation. Correct your -habits andtake Chamberlain's Tablets and you.will soon beTvell again. For sale by'Iall dealers. .. -Tiidprp Dundon in the act of insnectins: the turnDikes of Bourbon county.He has inspected them for eight yearslieve it, ask the Grand Jury who investigated the subject)The tax payer at the window (whosepalm-fan is supplied with motor power tfurnished by himself) and who has paid high taxes on the same day everyyear for eight years has acquired a forlorn expression, due to appealing tothe County Judge so many times in vain to give him a turnpike he canride over but with the same result "nothing doing.""Kids5' ButOnce.Let them increase the joysof childhood and keep a record of them for "grown-up"days with aSo simple that a child canoperate them and make goodpictures $2, $1, $4, $5, $7,$10 and $12.DAUGHERTYBROS.fc& wfttr:rBiALHARVTST. 'i$f "&&x"zrr. tmm feB3-iW . -4-'t . . TBFSOcZlMAKS-vS S x7 W2', r, -J S5W -""no SsiSS 0i jiro-oj-It doesn't matter whether you 'are a farmer or notrYOUR HARVEST is the money you earn. Who gets themoney you earn? The farmer saves some of his grain forseed. You should put some of yours in 'the bank for seed.Nothing will grow if you plant nothing. The money youhave SPENT will not protect1 your old age the money youplant in Our Bank WILL. . . ,Make OUR bank YOUR ankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $100,000.00?J. M. HALL, President.i ' - ' -in the same way. (If you don't be- fCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3.Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AIE"HoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.Professional Gard&J J. WIIEjTAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.loom 1 Elks Buildine.DR. A. B KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentuckjS&teiVNURSINGMOTHERS' Darticularfrneed the nr- Idigested nourishment in SCOTT'SEMULSION. It creates strengthand rich, active blood. It insuresabundant nourishment and keepsI baby growing.Scott & Bowne. Bloomfleia, N. J. 13-24PUT IT AWAYJNOUR.ANKT WILL ALWAYS-BE HERE WHENYOU NEED IT.Surplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMASr Cashier.t$-- .JU- J--SList:wsppsteftimi i i mLuf H.4aaA.'.i jTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 11, 1913ffmiI.. -. iHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEBIG REDUCTIONS.Big redactions onall Porch and Lawngoods, Refrigeratorsand Wall Paper.J.T. MINTON.WHEAT WANTED.We are in the market for wheat, delivered at Paris, also stations L. & N.and F. & C. R. R. Will pay highestmarket price. Call and get sacks.Both Phones 84.l-4t R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.INDIANS DEFEAT PARIS YBSCORE OF 12 TO 6.The Nebraska Indians Wednesdayafternoon defeated the Paris Baseballteam by a score of 12 to 6. Curtis,who pitched for Paris was very effective, although his teammates accordedliyn poor support.DECORATORS NOW READY.vly decorators have completed largenumber of papering contracts, and having caught up with the work we arenow ready to hang paper on short notice. Call and select from the mostcomplete stock of wall papers in Kentucky. J. T. HINTON.YOU VILL BE PLEASED.SOCIAL H PERSONALGet shoe satisfaction by trading at(4-tf) FELD'S.AGED WOMAN BADLYBRUISED BY FALL.Mrs. Mary Hibler, mother ofMessrs. Bishop and Harvey Hibler, ofthis city, fell on the sidewalk nearthe home of Mr. Horace Collins, onHigh street, and, although no boneswere broken, yet Mrs. Hibler, who isvery frail, sustained very painful bruises, which caused her much suffering.AN UNEQUALED CHANCE.Our entire stock of Dry Goods, Millinery and Ready-to-Wear goods willbe greatly reduced during the JulyClearance Sale.HARRY SIMON.MISS WHALEY TAKENTO MASSIE HOSPITAL.Miss Hettie Whaley, daughter ofMr. H. C. Whaley, was removed fromher home on Souh Main street to the iMassie Memorial Hospital, where sheis under treatment. Dr. William Kenney is the attending physician. Hercondition is somewhat improved.Miss Alice Bridwell, who was takento theh hospital Moday is improvingrapidly.WATERMELONSAND CANTELOUPES.We have them on ice.C. P. COOK & COMILLERSBURG MAN ISHURT IN RUNAWAY.!The Carlisle Mercury says: "Mr. Noble Jones, who lives near Millersburg, was considerably bruised in arunaway on the Lower Jackstownpike Thursday evening. The acidentoccurred near the blacksmith shop ofGeorge Westfall, in Bucktown."In attempting to pass a motorcycleSir. Jones was blinded by he stronsearch light on the machine, and droveinto an old buggy, which had beenleft on the road side near the shop."The young man was taken to Trueman's pharmacy, where his woundswere dressed and he was able to return home."Besides being considerably bruised,the index finger on his right hand wassplit."Judge B. B. January was a visitorin Lexington Wednesday.Mr. J. W: Hayden returned Wed-'nesday from a business trip to Stanford. Mrs. Reynolds Letton has gone toDawson Springs for a sojourn of twoweeks.Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Williams arevisiting the latter's parents, in Richmond. Miss Nellie Lou Robards, of Harrodsburg, is the guest of Miss EnnaEads Peed.Mrs. S. G. Hedges, of McKinney,Texas, is the guest of Mrs. John J.McClinock.Mrs. F. P. Lowry has returnedfrom an extended visit to relatives andfriends in Missouri.Mr. John Kieley, of Covington,spent Sunday with his mother, Mrs. E.C. Kieley, in this city.Mrs. Alex Warren, of Hamilton,O., is visiting Mr. and Mrs. EdwardBlount, on Vine street.Mr. Monroe Sweeney, of Evansville, Id., is here on a visit to hismother, Mrs. Alice Sweeney.Mrs. Morris Bracker and son, Milton, of Huntington, W. Va., are visiting Mr. and Mrs. B. Friedman.Mr. Davis Hutchcraft, of Louisvilleis visiting his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Perry Huchcraft, in this city.Mrs. J. F. Slaughter, of Dennison,Texas, is visiting her parents, Mr. andMrs. W. F. Brown, in this city.Mrs. Charles S. Williams, Jr., ofLafayette, Ind., will arrive next weekfor a visit to Dr. Clara Matthews.Mrs.Daries Young, of Somerset,is visiting her daughter, Mrs. E. M.Wheeler, at her home in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Ewalt andchildren and Miss Martha Talbott areat home after a visit in Louisville.Misses Anna Warren and KaeAnderson, of Stanford, are visitingMrs. Jesse Traylor, on Cypress street.Mr. Harry Gray, of Kansas City,Mo., has been the guest for severaldays of his sister, Mrs. Joseph Houston. Misses Beatrice and Jerome Chapman are visiting the family of JudgeJohn C. Graham, in Huntington, W.Va.Mrs. W. F. Cooper and Miss Walton, of Louisville, have been guests ofMrs. Lawrence Dickson for severaldays.Prof, and Mrs. L. K. Frankel, ofLexington, have returned home after avisit to Mrs. A. J. Winters, on Highstreet.Miss Emily Forman has returnedto her home in Louisville, after a visitto Mrs. Elizabeth Bishop, on StoneerAvenue.Mr. Sam Adair, of Oklahoma City,Okla., is visiting his parents, Mr. andMrs. A .P. Adair, at their home nearthis city. ""Mrs. John A. Lyle has returnedfrom the country and will make hephome with Mr. and Mrs. Wallace W..Mitchell.Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Redmon andMiss Mary Walker left Wednesday fora visit of several days with friends inLouisville.Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Wright andson, Chas. Horner, of Murfreesboro,111., are visiting Mrs. Wright's sister,Mrs. W. F. Brown., Mrs. Frank Hambrick and daugh-tre, Miss Lonna HamDnck, or ueorgeown, are the guests of Mr. and Mrs. J.i W. James, in this city.Mr. Arthur Joseph and Miss Freida Sshurr have returned to their homein Cincinnati after a visit with Mrs.Harry Simon, in this city.Tir "R M Rliivp. ramfi linmfi Wfiri-day to remain until Saturday, when heFrank Sledd, John T. Woodford, ScottWoodford, George White Fithian.Little William Talbott, son of Mr.and Mrs. W. G. -Talbott, who underwent an operation at the St. JosephHospial, in Lexington Monday, is improving and hopes are now entertainedfor his Recovery. His life for severaldays was dipaired of, but a changefor the better Wednesday brightenedthe prospects of recovery.RARE BARGAINS.645 ladies' French Madras housedresses, sizes from 34 to 46, sold ata special at $1.48 all season, to beclosedout at this Clearance Sale for98 cents each.HARRY SIMON.RELGGUS.BAPTIST MINISTER ACCEPTSCALL TO PARIS CHURCH.Rev. Dr. O. R.Mangum, of Louisville,who a few days ago was extended acall by the members of the ParisBaptist church yesterday wired his acceptance and will asume his newcharge on next Sunday. The actionof the congregation was taken Sunday at the close of the services. Rev.Mangum succeeds the pastorate ofRev. E. M. Lightfoot, who resigned toreturn to his home in Clinton, N. C.Dr. Mangum recently received his degree in the Southern TheologicalSeminary, Louisville, where he hasbeen taking a special" course. For thepast three and one-half years he hashad charge of a church in Indiana andprior to that time held a pastorate inNorth Carolina.JULY CLEARANCE SALE.289 ladies' percale house desses,which we have sold as a special at98c. all season, to be closed out at thisJuly Clearance Sale at 69 cents each.HARRY SIMON.Y. M. C. A. DIRECTORS MEETFAIL TO SELECT SITE.A meeting of the directors of theYoung Men's Christian Associationwas held in the county court room atthe court house yesterday afternoon.The purpose of the meeting was toselect a site upon which to constructa building for the purpose of which afund aggregating almost $45,000 wasraised in Paris and Bourbon countyseveral weeks ago.The meeting was attended by practically every member of the board, butan adjournment was taken before anydefinite action as to the selection of asite was taken. A number of propositions were submitted to the board,none of them them were accepted andthe directors declined to give for publication the locations. Another meeting will be lipid at an early date forJ the purpose of bringing to a close thematter of selecting a site for the building.Rev. W. O. Shoemaker, of Georgetown, will occupy the pulpit at thePresbyterian Church Sunday, at 10:30a. m. and 7:30 p. m.Rev. O. R. Mangum, pastor of theParis Baptist Church, will preach tothe congregation Sunday morning andevening at the usual hours. -Sundayschool at 3:30 o'clock.St. Peter's Episcopal Church,Rev. G. D. Harris, rector. Sundayschool 9:30 a. m. Morning prayerand sermon .10:45 a. m. A cordial invitation is extended to the public toattend the services of this church.Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive, pastor of thePresbyterian Church, spent two daysat home this week, taking a muchneeded rest after a months' specialwork in the field of the church. Hewill preash at Grayson, Ky., Sunday morning and at Normal, Ky.,Sunday evening.1 11H1IiS July Clearance fBIRTHSi mSaleBegan$iMonday, July 7th9ClosesSaturday, July:19thBorn, Wednesday at noon, to the !wife of Mr. Ed. Faulconer nee Templin, a daughter first born MaryTemplin Faulconer.Schange'sCandy Kitcken,119 S. Upper,LEXINGTON, KY.Tha SanitaryIW. Ed. Tucker.cieiiop!WARNER'S RUST-PROOF CORSETS$1.50, $2.00 and $2.50 qualiy, at 98cents during the July Clearance Sale.HARRY SIMON.With all the latest devicesinstalled in my shop to makeit absolutely sanitary andclean, including a PatentTowel Sterlizer, IndividualCups, Soap, etc., believe wehave the most modern shopin Paris. We have just installed a new Porcelain Tuband an up-to-date Bathroom.Hot water at all times.ThreeBarbers, all experts. Wewould iiKe to nave youritrade. I take this method ofsoliciting it. Is there a reason why we should not receive it? Respectfully,BIG HORSE SALE.Load of large Westernhorses at Gynthiana on July14, at Whaley &. Gibbons'stable, on Walnut street. 'At-!tend this sale.S.L. MILLARD, SONS & CO.FOR RENT, iSuite of rooms for office or livingapartments. All conveniences. Cor.wPleasant street and Duncan avenue. ,'FOX TERRIER PUPS FOR SALE.Special Prices ForFurther NoticeWe pay 12 l-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us upor bring it to our place.I have for sale pure-bred Fox Terrierpups, all nicely marked. Price, ?2reach.ALYIN THOMPSON.Home 'Phone 50, Clintonville.East Tennessee Phone 192, Paris.(8-3t)Found.5?On the streets of Paris gold locket,with initials "M. C. B." Owner canget same by applying at News officeand paying advertising charges.For Sale.Pony cart as good as new, also secof harness. Price 50. Apply at theNews office. tfn cjli im n m fe. id am n m m n s ui. "'"'"","MM"M,M''ii i iNaooanee Kitchi ii. iIBICYCLES AND SUPPLIES.f; 8th Street, PARTS, KYi Call East. Temi. Phone 374CANCER CURED1 guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.!We have a fine line of bicycles andall kinds of supplies. Boys, let us attend to your bicycle troubles.(24-4t) LAVIN & CONNELL.SACRIFICE PRICES.HARRY SIMON.DEATHSANDFNWCLEARANCE SALE.7,500 yards American Standardprints, all colors, regular Gc quality, at 4 cents per yard, during ourClearance Sale.HARRY SIMON.Our entire line at sacrifices pricewill fteve again to engage in soliciting during our July Clearance Sale,-.li- il. -mi -f- t... . uappv anlunas ror me Hiuiintjei. jrj.eau.yLtu.y.Mrs. W. G. McClintock and children, Miss Valette, James and Thos.McClintock, left this week for Chautauqua, N. Y., to spend two months.Mr. and Mrs. Burch Bell, of Galipolis, O., have arrived for a visit toMrs. Bell's parents, Mr. and Mrs. W.A. Beheler, on .West Twelfth street.Ms. Ollie Hedges, who is seriously ill at the home of her mather,Mrs. Belle Adair, on the Lexingtonpike, shows very little improvementMessrs. Ernest Martin and Douglas Clay attended a dance in Nicholasville Wednesday night, given byMessrs. Robt. Burnaugh and Robt.Moore.Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Terrell, Mr.iPLAN TO CALL OUTALL THE EMPLOYES.SNAPP.A young child of Mr. and Mrs J.W. Sapp, aged fifteen months, diedMonday at their home on the RuddlesMills pike, and was buried Tuesday atRuddles Mils.lRIONMr. William Rion, aged 47 years,died at a hospital in Covington Wednesday evening following a protracted,ii' Tjf,A. p,' ,v" nnA -i-sij ilnessl of a complication of diseases,and Mrs. Everett Clark and children benand Miss Sen a Ron will eave next LWQ h h hweek for a two weeks stay at Clark s Mrg Ben JameS0I1) in Covingtoil) ,th'Lake, Mien. ,,,, fQfoi0,i whom he resided. Mr. Rion, who was..,lrt?rVa"S!asono the late Cornelius Won,iLli tx uuauiiijj y u.i i j j mno a FMmoi raoiflanf rf T3-kiTnV-n. , ., i j. : TTlie StriKUlg street, car xneu iu u.v- "" - - , was ainrtnn announced vesterdav moraine Wednesday evening, for her attractivethat the entire force of employes otthe Kentucky Traction and TerminalCompany and Lexington UtilitiesCompany will be called out this morning, tying up the entire street and interurban system there.Demands were served yesterday onthe comnanv officials for nine-hourdav with nav for ten. andment of nine discharged workmen orstrike will be called.The strike has been on by some ofthe men for a week and first violenceoccurred Wednesday, when five men"were injured in a riot. One of these,J. W. Bell, of Chicago, was thought tobe dying at the hospital last night.nnri snpnt the pnrlv rlnvenff ITitjo "Donl?r Pnihorri t Hunt- J a J "'?uc ' ttt Tr ' his lite in the vicinity of Kiseriii&luii, v. in. ,..,, Several years ago he moved toairs. das. ivaue auu uwu tuumcu, . mn ,!,,. i, 1,00 ; c.;,wiINJURED WHEN HORSEOVERTURNS VEHICLE.As the result of an accident whichoccurred Wednesday afternoon, MissSidney Burris, of the Little Rockneighborhood, was painfully injured.Miss Burris, in company with MissLucinda Patton, was returning homefrom this city, and when about a milefrom town their horse became frightened at a passing automobile, overturning the buggy, which rolled downan embankment.Miss Burris was thrown against atelephone pole and sustained numerouscuts about the face and head, and wasbadly bruised about the body. MissPatton escaped without injury. Thevehicle in which they were riding wasdemolished.Mr Hiram Roseberry, who was drivJng the, automobile,, brought the youngladies4o this city, where they receivedmedical attention.Master Paul and Miss' Celia Kane; ofOneita, New York, are guests of theformer's sister, Mrs. W. S. Kiser, onSouth Main street.Messrs. R. F. Clendenin .and W.reinstate-1 F. Shearer will leave Sunday for Milwaukee, Wis., to attend tne annualmeeting of the Northwestern Life Insurance Co.'s agents, which convenesin that city Monday.Mr. and Mrs. Clyde Buckley, whowere recently married in California,are here for a visit to Mr. Buckley'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Buckley,before returning to their home nearWilliamstown, where they will reside.Miss Harriett Rogers, the charming young daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Warrren Rogers, gave a delightfuldancing party- Tuesday evening attheir handsome country home on theCane Ridge pike. Cold and refreshing punch was served during theevening and at midnight a deliciousice course was served.Miss Rogers' guests were: MissesMary B. Fisher, Anette Barger, MaryBigstaff, Sarah Thompson, Dorcas Ussery, Frances Champ, Alice RogersI Clay, Mary Stuart Alexander, AnnaWilson. Marv Adams Talbott, LouiseSteele, Mary Allen Hutchcraft, Charlina Ball, Marion Alexander, ElizabethAlexander, Katherine Wilson, AnnaDoa"n Erringer; Messrs. Tom Prichard, Douglas Clay, J. J. W. Young,jDuke Brown, Edgar Vansant, JamesThompson, Jr., John Harris Clay,Cassius M. Clay, Jr., Winn Hutchcraft,John, Clay, Turney Clay, Harvey Rogers, Fielding Rogers, Jlobert Jones,oftonCovmgon, wiiere lie lias since resided.Deceased is surived by two sistersMrs. Jameson, of Covington, and Mrs.James Mulcahay, of Harrison county.The funeral services will be held thismorning and the burial will take placeto the Covington cemetery.PRICE.Capt. Phil Price, aged 52 years, diedat his home in Richmond, Tuesday afternoon, after a protracted illness, dueto an injury sustained several yearsago, and from which he had been agreat sufferer.Cap. Price was formerly one of thebest known conductors on the Kentucky Central division of the Louisville& Nashville railroad. For a numberof years he resided in Paris.Several years ago while making aneffort to quiet a difficulty on one ofhis trains Capt. Price was shot in thehead by a negro paseenger. From thisinjury he never recovered, and a number of months ago he underwent anoperation for this trouble.He was a member of BourbonLodge No. 23, I. O. O. F., and ofRathbone Lodge, K. of P., of this city.He is survived by a wife and fourchildren.en Cabinet3UJULY SALE.We do not claim this Cabinet to be the best in theworld, but we DO BELIEVE THAT IT IS, and WEKNOW that it is a great deal better than some makesthat are much advertised and boosted and we canshow you that they are. Seeing is believing. Comeand see. Save you money.A swell new line of Brass Beds and Davenportsjust received. Save you money.Jl$Now is the time to buy your, Wall Paper, at bigl iRfilj!7iireductions. Save you money.' iRefrigerators Greatly Reduced. Save you money.iiSheeting,cents per2,700 yards 4-4 Brownregular 7c. grade, at 5yard. Bleached 4-4 Sheeting, 8 l-3q.quality, at 6c. per yard, during ourJuly Clearance Sale.HARRY SIMON.vi-Ji T. HINTflSAVES YOU (MONEYWood MantelsUndertakingmmmmwmmmmmwmFifSJUULJll 1 l"f ' "..i ,i I .ni nm-aoii.myCTp-.J5fill i r$VITHE , BOURBON' NEWS, PARIS, K.Y., JULY )1 1913- "HBBHiIMbmbMbiMMBMMMBMbIbMbMbbRD ERS !I1? A PTATJVM O W i g i 1 $r wI S J i I i in 1Jh Ak3 i0P sKV P !' 4Hk&Hn&r Cf(ocIWi WbW .JRMSJX1 ujHlJL! JELLED 0Suits Worth$15, $20, $25All Go Into This Sale&,tmSuits Worth$15, $20, $25All Go Into This SaleThis is our second sale of this kind, our first being at the close of last season which proved such a success that our Factorywas glad to make us a consignment to be handled in the same way this season. These goods as in the last season embrace aschoice merchandise as can be turned out, but all Factories have more or less orders cancelled and the goods left on their handswhich they are compelled to dispose of at a great sacrifice. Besides these cancelled orders all Factories will have more or lessquantities ot Suits which they make of the short lengths of woolens which cannot be sampled on the road, hence must be closedout for what they will bring.We get the benefit in this line of a Factory which employs 2000 people, hence we are furnished with all of these we can dispose of. We have a greater assortment and bigger and better values this season than last, so we are in a better position to helpyou reduce the High Cost of Living. This means more money for your summer vacation and a better time.In addition to this line of Cancelled Orders we are offering alt Men's Trousers, Boys' Suits (except Norfolk) and Boys' Odd Pantsat 25 per cent discount. This appeals to the boys as well as their mothers, so all can come and get in this sale.THIS SALE BEGINS SATURDAY, JULY 12, 1913And Will Continue Until This Lot of Cancelled Orders Is Cleaned UpOpposite Simon'sDepartment Storey riKENTUGiiriari&aga&a gS 7toffME1IAnybody Can Operaf eBrinley Leverless CultavotorsII-rr. -xt -o T. .,. , j,.Duiurt? iuu j&uy j.iivesu.gfcii? inuI Brinlv Leverless Cultivator.! NO LEVERS NO SPRINGS !I ALWAYS IN BALANCENo Neck Weight or Flying UpI of Pole.I Will Do More Work, Do It Better, Longer and EasierIand Without Those Frequent Break-downsYou Have With Other CultivatorsDraft One-fourth Lighter than on Ordinary Cultivators.For Sale By II BALL & PRICriAKDDealers inkFarm Machinery, Wagons, Buggies, Coaand Salt,Automobiles and GarageIJOrigin of the Name "Manhattan."It is gravely given as an historicalfact that Peter Mmuit and his company bought all of Manhattan islandfor the sum of $24 after having reduced the owners to a state of intoxication. It is also stated as true thatthe Indians after that bit of costlydebauchery, gave to the island thename of Manhattan, which it is saidwas Indian for "the island of blissfulintoxication."Nye's Humorws Cor- pliment.Bill Nye was once introduced toWagner, the composer. In "Then andNow" Dean Hole relates: "Nye, theAmerican humorist, brilliant as thebest, whose comedy never fails tocharm, and whose tragic death I shallnever cease to mourn, told me that-when he met Wagner he said to him,'Your music is beyond my comprehension, but I always feel sure whenI hear it that it is really much betterthan it sounds.'"Time's Changes."My grandfather," said the oldtimer, "used to put all his money inhis stocking.' "Wa-al, things hain'tchafed much," said his old friend."My grandson, 'who's takin' a coursein modern deportment at one o' hemeastern colleges, puts most of his money into socks." Judge.At Performance of "Hamlet.""My, did you ever hear so manyfamous quotations in any one playbefore? It must have taken a longtime to piece them all together sonicely' "Almost long enough tohave written an original play!" saidthe other. Christian Science Monitor.Keep Up the Fight and Win.Most failures are due to lack of willpower. Lost the grip upon yourself,and you are either a fanatic or a coward. It takes a level head to keep sensibly cool, and stay on the iob in theface of obstacles. Here is where willwill-power comes in. It sees no defeat. It knows no master. Exchange.No Relief. .The cynical person was standing Infront of a part of an exhibition oflocal art talent labeled "Art Objects.""Well, I suppose art does object, andI can't blame her, but there doesn'teem to be any help for it," he finallyMid.Modern Way."Sakes alive!" exclaimed the Stork,upon meeting the little God of Lovecrying bitterly. "What is the matter,Dan?" "The m-mum-matter," sobbedCupid, "is that Cupidity is makingtwice as many matches as'l ami Uhwah! hah! ha-a-a-ah!" Judge.Low Special RatesOpen to YOU a safe year around Cream Market at the Highest Cream-,( ry Butter price for he Butter Fat, 28c. being the lowest price to date thisyear, and 3Sc. the highest quotation of the winter months.Sell Us Your CreamCut down your work Put (on more cows Increase the fertility oryour soil and raise a Cash Crop.Spot CashIs paid for veery shipment giving a steady year around income from thesale of Butter Fat.Shipments of Cream should be made at least twice a week during;the summer and every four or five clys in the winter, and the railwaycompanies have low special baggage rates for handling cream.Write for free trial cans today or ship in your own cans.The Tri-State Butter Company,Cincinnati, Ohio.Capital Stock $75,0005,000 Shippers in 3 State4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Are GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO RISKSIf You Are InterestedWrite UswfislfeUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000Fully Paiddown the throat of a "gapey'chicken destroys the "worms5and saves the chick's life. A.few drops in the drinking waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPE&white diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbonPoultryCureMakes 12 Gallons o Medicine.Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle othis medicine on hand. Write for free sampleand Booklet on "Diseases of Fowls." Address,)BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY, LextogtBR, K. 'For Sale by "W. T. BrooksFor Sale.No. 1 8-horse power Fairbanks,Morse gas or gasoline engine. Applyto PARIS GAS & EL.ECTKIU UU.24-2tDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office PhonesKesidence jE. T, 136.Home 136.E. T. 334.Home 334.ysuuKoun news, rvKK, rw&n i uu&Y; JULY II 1913. ; ' - -i ; 1MAKES PESTS IRK f -MIMINGW. N, Barkley Mrs. W. N.BarkleyWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,Lexington, Kentuckyfor nunUnsightly Grey and Faded HairWhy not have beautiful, dark, glossy,natural colored hair, full of life and"beauty keep yourself j'oung lookingand fascinating? Its so easy andsimple to do if you will get a bottle ofHay's Hair Health today. You'll noticea change after one or two applicationshow quickly the grey hairs vanishjow glossy, full of life and vitalityHay's Hair Health will keep your hair.Don't waste time, get a bottle today!Tour druggist is selling more Hay'sHair Health than all others, becausehe knows it's the most satisfactory,the nicest and cleanest to use andTeally does restore color to grey hairFree: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap for 50c; or $1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two25c cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for $LL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...Home-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allhours with the best the market affords.(28mar6mo)per FM LOANS!;. $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,1251 Cheapslde. Lcxinston, Ky.GemV' in'tx 7i zkw.nVNthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesXflthinB1 is mnro imTwrtiiinf In thahome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by petting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniawuue uii reunea ro peneciion.Costs no more than the Inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stall nil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No CarbAuto Oil.- QtPJSSJ )AMALMMATH) mcNo matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rate is no higher thanwhen slate or metal is used.We authorize our agents to refund the moneyif our Roofing is not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, Illinois. Sold by MMersburg Coal andLumber Co.,Millersburg, Ky.iis Margaret K. Caden,210 M ain Street, Lexington, Ky.Special Display of. . . Summer Hats . .Moderate Pricesmm.9&mQmm.9mA. M. Caden j210 W. Main St., ILEXINGTON, K . 5Inmn IBI 11sHl HlllHF"' IfLa Fro$1.50 up.Do the women inlmyour city know Iawe specialize inlLA FROThe Perfect FrontLaced. Corset?mmmHVPans Odorless Cleaning Co.3Men's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks our specialty.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves.Cleanedshort, 10c; long 25c.JMOMiHMHiNam:Ship Cook Tells Mosquito Storyof San Bias Coast.Double-Headed Dutchman Relates HowNatives by Their Ingenuity WereAble to Load Vessel WithCocoanuts Quickly.New York.--The cook of the Britishschooner Carib II., which was at thefoot of West Twenty-fourth street,while in port, said that he was a "double-headedDutchman." When questioned as to the meaning of this phrasethe cook explained that a "doubleheaded Dutchman" was a sailor manhailing from Amsterdam, Holland.It is necessary to come from Amsterdam in order to be addressed bythe above name. A man who camefrom Rottendam, the cook said, wouldnot be a "double-headed Dutchman,"nor could the native of any other citybut Amsterdam use this title.The Carib II. is a white, three-mastedschooner owned in Colon, and arrived with a cargo of cocoanuts fromthe San Bias coast. There were 390,476 cocoanuts in the schooner's holdwhen she arrived, according to thecook, whose name is Gerrit Gallandt,a truthful man, fifty years old, whohas been cook on many ships Bincehe put to sea from Amsterdam 35years ago. He has not been backthere since.He remarked that it was necessaryto anchor about three miles off thebeach when loading cocoanuts on theSan Bias coast He was asked howthe cargo was got on board."Mosquitoes bring it out," repliedGerit without the semblance of asmile. "The mosquitoes on the SanBias coast are so large and smart thatthe natives use them to help out invarious ways."As soon as we anchored off thecoast one fine morning we heard asound like a brass band. We thoughtit was a native celebration after election or something like that, but soonthe sky darkened and the ship wasquickly showered by thousands ofcocoanuts. It was the mosquito fleetbringing out our cargo and the noisewe heard was their loud humming."We were very much frightenedat first and ran below, but a nativesoon arrived In his canoe and explained matters. He said that anotherfleet would be along pretty soon andthat we must be careful not to bestruck by the cocoanuts as they fell."The native said that efforts werebeing made to train the mosquitoes todeposit the cocoanuts in the holds ofthe vessel, but he did not expect thiscould be accomplished without a gooddeal of additional training."There was a good deal of satisfaction among the chiefs, the native said,over the new use that the mosquitoeshad been put to. Before they wereso admirably trained the cocoanutshad to be transported from shore inlighters and canoes to the waitingships."Gerrit Gallandt concluded his taleby saying that the Carib II. receivedher cargo on her visit to San Biasquicker than she had ever got one0efore.POSIES SNARE B. & 0. TRAINSOHmaa i9It's Something Awful the Way Flowers Grow in Gravel on theRomney Branch.Romney, W. Va. Luther Burbankhas been outdone on the Romneybranch of the Baltimore & Ohio railroad. Several weeks ago many broken floor boards in a car loaded withmorning glory, nasturtium and sweetpea seeds allowed the seed to scatter along the railroad tracks andright of way for 28 miles.The heavy rains of last week andthe sun brought up the flowers insuch profusion that the tracks are"covered to a depth of three feet withvines running in a riot of color.Bridges have been , transformed Into floral bowers, and the small trainon the branch no longer can makeher schedule. On the heavy grade atSpringfield entangling vines causedthe train to stall, and the passengers,baggage and 71 packages of whisky,had to be unloaded to relieve the trainof weight before it could proceed.One morning when Engineer G. W.Light took his train out nasturtiumsbloomed all over the tender, puttingout the fire.Night and day shifts of trackmenare fighting the flowers from GreenSprings to Romney.The Green Springs station is buriedunder flowers, and the roundhouse atRomney is covered. Nasturtiums andmorning glories are sprouting in engine tenders and the running boardshave been transformed into flowerhoxes, with the vines threatening tochoke the boiler laggings. The roadand rolling stock is overwhelmed withflowers.Orders have been sent to greenhouses for consignments of cutworms.Finds $2,000 Pearl.Long Branch, N. J. A pearl, appraised by experts to be worth $2,000,was found in a clam by a stranger towhom Captain Charles Casler, a fisherman, had sold a few at the wharfhere. The stranger proceeded to openand eat them when he discovered theprecious gem.'Dle at Age of 108.Bryan, O. Mrs; Elizabeth Maugherman, who died here at the age of 108,was .the mother of 17 children. Shewas an inveterate, smoker. " " '9WOLF, WILE & CO,PFormerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, KentuckyContinuation of Our GreatSemi Annual Clearance SaleIn All Our Experience We've Never OfferedSuch Stirring BargainsWe are clearing stocks with a vengance. We haven't time to reasonwhether its wise or otherwise, so our friends will kindly overlook our earnestnessand our disregard for advice. We simply can't listen. We are determined to clearout this store full of Summer goods in our own hasty way. If it costs half itsworth to do it, of course its our loss. The gratification of a free hand in the market a month or two, with no out-of-season balances to bother about, is all the compensation we ask. In the meantime, avail yourself of the unprecednted opportunities that are flowing your way.600 Lingerie and Linen Waists at $1.00Regular Values $1.50500 Voile and Crepe Waists at $1.50Regular Values up to $2.75 -'In all white with neat coloree trimmings - -1 50 Lawn House Dresses at $ 1 .OOBeautiful quality lawns in dainty color effects on white grounds, finished withwhite pique collar.200 Light Weight Petticoats at $1 .OORegular Value $1.50Of soft satteen with deep silk ruffle at bottom; in white, navy, blackand all colors.Complete Clearance of Tailored SuitsEvery one of them made according to our high standard of quality'and workmanship.1 4- Tailored Suits at $ 7.50 Reduced from 19.7524 Tailored Suits at 1 O.OO Reduced from $25 and 3012 Tailored Suits at 15.00 '.Reduced from 835 to 60Colors are navy, black, gray, tan and a few white suits.Clearance of Silk WaistsBlack, navy and fancy colorings. At$2.9SReduced from 6.00, 7.50 and 8.00Charmeuse, taffeta and messaline material. Sizes 36, 38 and 40WOLF. WILE &, noFormerly Kaufman, Straus & Co. ILexinguon, - Kentucky Immmmmm wmmommMkuRoxie" Davis !Che insurance JIgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.. Give Old "Nub" Call.2 Helios 137M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.First-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto All.Hot and Cqld BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYour Patronage.Pony For Sale.Extra nice Shetland pony, gentle forchildren. Broke to ride and drive.He is a two-year-old and a veil madeanimal. The price is right.L. T .LILLESTON,july3-3t Paris, Ky.When you feel SsSvous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign you need MOTTS NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMrtH-'c Novtronno PHlc Price $1.00iTAuw ,w .wmc x mo bydrnecistsWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OkiL. Oherdorfer, Druggist, aris, Ky..,Pittsburgh Perfect" FenceLOWEST IN COST Because HIGHEST IN QUALITYDon't forget, when you buy fence,that price is not cost. Price is only whatyou pay when you buy. Cost is all youhave had to pay up to the time you mustreplace the old fence with new.The low cost to you, of "PittsburghPerfect" Fence is because it is madeof special Open Hearth wire, electricallywelded at every joint, which gives itgreatest strength and longest life, andreduces maintenance cost to the lowestfigure. fIn "Pittsburgh Perfect" you get morequality and genuine fence service forless money than any other fence affords.That's the point to remember.Made in Different Style for FIELD, FARM. RANCH, LAWN. ? OJ l.,n.M-AA1CHICKEN, POULTRY and RABBIT YARD and GARDEN VGTy IV OQ VjUarailieeQAsk your dealer for "Pittsburgh Perfect" and insist on his furnishing it. Do not allow him to persuadeyou that some other fence is just as good. If he doesn't sell it, write us direct."PitUourgh Perfect" Brands of Barbed Wire;Bright, Annealed &. Galvanized Wire; TwistedCable Wire; Hard Spring Coil Wire; FenceStaples; Poultry Netting Staples ;:Regular WireNails; Galvanized Wire Naikr Lare HeadRoofing Nail; Single Loop Bale Ties; "Pittsburgh Perfect" Fencing. All made ofOpeaHearth materiaLtT.H?1bwil. . gftty MmIf you are interested ia Wire Fencing, vrritefor FREE copy of oar ALMANAC, 1913Pittsburgh Steel Co.Pittsburgh, PennsylvamaLi. ?H3 -iimHIS OF MILLERSBUR6The little son of Mr. and Mrs.Stanley Gault is quite ill.Mrs. Frankie Collins, who has"been quite ill, is improving.Little Miss Mildred Collier is a'"- .guest of friends at Moorefleld.Mesdames O. M. Johnson and S. MAllen were in Lexington Monday.Prof. Orie Long, of Massachusetts,5s the gues of his father, Mr. J, R.Long.t Mrs. Sarah Evans, of Richmond,arrived Tuesday as the guest of Mrs.1 O. B. Hurst.Mr. Raymond Taylor, who wasfc overcome by the heat last Saturday,is some better.mantown, and then to their home atContinental, O.Mr. Joe Mock is in Louisville thisweek on business.Mrs. A. C. Ball was taken to theSt. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, "Wednesday, for treatment.Mrs Cockley, of Flemingsburg,has returned home after a visit to hersister, Mrs. Louis Vimont.Mr. William Thorn has returnedto his home in Louisville after a visitto his mother, Mrs. Sarah Thorn.Miss Blanche Overby has returnedI to her home in Flemingsburg, aftera visit to her sister, Mrs. Earl Barton.THE KING. OF. ALL LAXATIVES.For constipation, headaches, indiigestion and dyspepsia, use Dr. King's1 New Life Pills. Paul Mathulka, of.DiULtuu, new luitv, oajro iaie are me"King' of all laxatives. They are ablessing to all my family and I alwayskeep a box of them at home." Get abox and get well. Price 25c. Recommended by L. Oberdorfer and W. T.Brooks.Mrs. B. F. Goodman, of Lexingtdn,was the guest of relatives here lastJVIonday and Tuesday.Miss Bettie Current, of Louisville,arrived Tuesday as the guest of hercousin, Mrs. T. J. Judy.Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Johnson are" visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. R.O. Chambers, at Sardis.Mrs. Clara Shanks, Messrs. G. L.Hill, Henry Sheeler, Jas. Howard, andMrs. J. H. Burroughs are among the-sick.Mr. J. B. Vimont has accepted aposition as clerk at the Crab OrchardHotel, and entered upon his' duties lastMonday.Mrs. W. G. Dailey, who underwentan operation at St. Joseph Hospital, inLexington, five weeks ago was brought"borne "Wednesday.Postmaster U. S. G. Pepper leftThursday for avisit to his .mother,Mrs. Pepper, at Brooksville. He willreturn home Saturday.Mesdames Mattie Purnell and C.B. Smith left Wednesday for a months'-sojourn with Mrs. C. M. Best, at North"Wildwood, New Jersey.M. Ashby Leer was at the bedsideK)f his sister, Mrs. Frankie Garland,Monday and Tuesday, who is quite illat her home in Vanceburg.A large stock of lumber, sand,'brick and alLkinds of building mateTial. Let us figure with you.TtflLLERSBURG COAL & LUMBERCOMPANY.Mrs. W. S. Judy left Wednesday,accompanied by Mrs. Perit and daughter, the latter of Lexington, for a few"weeks sojourn at Ocean Grove.Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Corrington arrived Wednesday after a three weeks'visit to her mother, Mrs. Adele Miller, and other relatives at Atlanta, Ga.Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Allen left onThursday for a visit to her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Ephriam Woods, atStanford. They will also spend partof their time at Crab Orchard Springs.Services Sunday morning at thePesbyterian cnurch by the pastor, Rev.A. S. Venable. The pulpit of Rev. J."D. Redd will be filled by a supply.Union services Sunday evening at theMethodist church.The following constituted a fishing-party for a few days on Hinkstoh, during the week, near the McKee Bend:Messrs. R. L. Tarr, W. V. Shaw, W. F.Sounders, E. H. Martin and "Pop" Seeley, the latter of Cincinnati.Mrs. L. E. Wagoner, little son anddaughter, Robert and Mildred, weregusts of Mrs. Aaron McConnell fromWednesday until today. They were en"route for a visit to relatives at Ger-MATRIMONIAL NOTESKENNEDY-BELL.Miss Dennie Kennedy and Mr.Russell Bell, of near his city, weremarried yesterday afternoon atCynthiana. The bride, who is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ed Kennedy, hasbeen a student at the Bourbon FemaleCollege, and is a very attractive andpopular young woman. The groom isa prosperous young farmer and a member of a prominen family of 'this county. The couple was accompanied toCynthiana by the bride's two sisters,Misses Willie and Florence Kennedy,the groom's brother, Mr. Joseph Bell,Miss Lola McLone and Mrs. J. C. Sidwell. The ceremony was performeu at3 o'clock, at the residence of the officiating minister, Rev. E . R. Klouse.KENNEDY-NORTON.Mrs. Hanson Kennedy of Carlisle,announces the engagement of herdaughtre, Marguerite, to Mr. JamesWilliam Norton, of Alabama. Thewedding will be a beautiful event ofthe 24th of this month. The news isof much interest here whjere bothyoung people are popular and wellknown. The bride is the daughter ofthe late Judge Hanson Kennedy. Circuit Judge in Nicholas county district.Sne is charming and attractive and afavorite with all who know her. Mr.Norton is formerly of Nicholas county.Sounds Reasonable."As I understand it," said a geitleman, "oleomargarine is made of beeffat." "You are undoubtedly right,"said his companion. 'I should thinkthat the manufacturers would make itof goat fat." 'Why?" 'Because thegoat is a natural butter. ' DetroitFree Press.SURPRISING CURE OF STOMACHTROUBLE.When you have trouble with yourstomach or chronic constipation, don'timagine that your case is beyond helpjust because your doctor fails to giveyou relief. Mrs. G. Stengel, Plainfield,N. J., writes: "For over a month pastI have been troubled with my stomach.Everything I ate upset it terribly.One of Chamberlain's advertisingbooklets came to me. After readinga few of the letters from people whohad been cured by Chamberlain's Tablets, I decided to try them. I havetaken nearly three-fourths of a package of them and can now eat almostI everything that I want."x For sale byan dealers.Courtesy Is Love of Man.Courtesy. This is love in society,love in relation to etiquette. "Lovedoth not behave itself unseemly." Politeness has been defined as love intrifles. Courtesy is said to be love inlittle things. And the one secret ofpoliteness is to love. Love cannotbehave itself unseemly. Henry Drum-mond.UNSIGHTLY FACE SPOTS.PERMIT REFUSED THE NEWTOBACCO WAREHOUSE.Are cured by Dr. Hobson's EczemaOintment, which heals all skin eruptions. No (matter how long you havebeen troudled by itching, burning orscaly skin humors, just put a little ofthat soothing antisetptic, Dr. Hobson'sEczema Ointment, on the sores andthe suffering stops instantly. Healingbegins that very minute. Doctors useit in their practice and recommend it.Mr. Alleman, of Littletown, Pa., says:"Had eczema on forehead; Dr. Hobson's Ointment cured it in two weeks."Guaranteed to relieve or money refunded. All druggists, or by mail.Price 50c. Pfeiffer Chemical Co.,Philadelphia and St. Louis.Bearer of Great Name a Menial.Somebody has discovered on- theelectoral roll of the city of Melbournea gentleman named Oliver Cromwell,who by occupation is described as a"theater packer." The duty of the"packer" is to squeeze as many people as possible into the pit and gallery. There have been complaints inMelbourne lately about his ungentlemethods and his unchivalrous handling of women.FOR CUTS, BURNS AND BRUISES.In every home there should be a boxof Bucklen's Arnica Saive, ready toapply in every case of burns, cuts,wounds or scalds. J. H. Polanco, Delvalle, Tex., R. No 2. writes: "Bucklen's Arnica Salve saved my littlegirl's cut foot. No one believed itcould be cured." The world's bestsalve. Only 25c. Recommended byL. Oberdorfer and W. T. Brooks.Warm Enough?While coaching a class of childrenfor a little play, the teacher told theboys that in the third act they wouldhave to wear their heavy overcoats,as that would be the snow scene. After a short silence a little fellow aboutseven years old raised his hand andsaid: "Teacher, father can't finishmy overcoat in time because he workslate; but will it be all right if I wearmy heavy underwear?"By vote of five to two in the Council last night a permit to construct aniron clad building- to be used as atobacco ware house to cost approximately 30,000, was voted down.At the last meeting of the CouncjJ, anew company in the process of organizaion, presented a petition to the Council for a permit to construct the building, but owing to a serious objectionbeing raised by a number of the adjoining propery owners, the matter was referred to the Improvement Committeeof the Council to report at the meeting last night. The report of the Committee being filed a Vote was taken,with the above result.The new company had planned toerect a fire-proof building on a siteselected in Barns Addition and in thevicinity of the property of the Bourbon Tobacco Ware house Company.Options on several pieces of propertyhad been secured but further actionwas deferred until the Council couldact upon the permit.The firm of E. F. Spears & Sonswhich recently suffered the loss of itsmammoth grass seed cleaning plant,applied to the Council for a permitto construct upon the site of the oldbuilding a modern structure of concrete and steel. It was stated by thepetitioners that the machinery usedin cleaning grass seed would be equipped with the latest improved dustcollectors, which it is said will dispense with one of the greatest objections to the plant in its presentlocation. To the granting of a permitan objection was filed by a number ofthe residents but when put to a voteit carried.A right of way along the route ofthe new sewer system, plans formeeting of the Council, have beensecured from the private citizensalong the route and all that now remains to insure an early beginningupon the improvement is the permission of the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad to extend the service throughits property.Permission had been asked fromthe head officials of the company inLouisville, and the matter was referred to Superintendent W. H. Anderson,who has been empowered to use hisjudgment in granting the city theright. It was reported at the meetingthat Mr. Anderson would be readywithin the next few days to file theconditions of the permit with the Mayor and Improvement Committee of theCouncil. Civil engineers will go overthe property before final action will betaken by the officials of the railroadcompany, bu it is probable the requestof the Council will be granted without any delay.Where the Calculator Scores.The best tradition requires thatwhenever a lightning calculator tellshow many seconds there were in thelife of Methuselah some one mustshout: "Wrong! You've muffed itthis time. I've figured the whole thingout,- and here are the figures."Whereupon the lightning calculator receives an armful of papers, glancesat the first few sheets, looks up, grinning and chuckles: "Just as I thought.You've forgotten the leap years."London's Primitiv Water Pipet.London's water supply formerlycame through wooden pipes. Thesewere of the simplest construction,formed of the stems of small elmtrees, drilled through the center andcut in lengths of about six feet, oneend being tapered so as to fit intothe adjoining pipe. The wooden pipes,of which at one time more than 400miles were in use, leaked considerably, decayed rapidly, burst duringfrosts and were always troublesome.It was not until 1830 that they beganto be superseded by cast iron, and aquarter of a century later some of theold wooden pipes were still in use.Fail to Appreciate Coffee.Although the greater part of theworld's coffee now comes from SouthAmerica, there are some states inthat country where it in scarcely used.Jjtfhen th Mind ft Ripened.No man can learn what h has notpreparation for learning, howevernear to his eye3 is the subject. Achemist may tell his most most precious, secrets to a carpenter, and heshall be never the wiser the secretshe would not utter to a chemist for anestate. .... Our eyes are holden that we cannot see things thatstare us in the face until the hour arrives when the mind is ripened; thenwe behold them and the time whenwe saw them not is like a dream.Emerson.Master's saleMaster's Sale-OFTOWN LOT!Kate B. Mann, - -Notice of Sale.Whittington Mann, &c,BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.H. C. McCreary,J. W. Borchess,J. E. Borchess, doing businessunder the firm name of McCreary& Co PlaintiffsVs NOTICE OF SALE.E. E. Landis and the L. &N. Railroad Co., a Corporation DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale of the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the abovestyled action, at the June, 1913, term,the undersigned Master Commissionerwill sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder, at the CourtHouse door, in Paris, Ky., about thehour of 11 o'clock, onSATURDAY, JULY 26, 1913the following described property:"Seventeen horses and mules; sevenlarge scrapers and blacksmith, including all tools, etc."Said sale will be made upon creditof four months, purchaser or purchasers being required to- executebond for the purchase price, with goodsecurity thereon, to be approved bythe Master Commissioner, payable tothe said Commissioner, and bearing interest at the rate of 6 per cent, perannum from date of sale until paid,said bonds having the force and effectof a replevin bond. Said sale will bemade to secure the plaintiff, H. C.McCreary & Co., for a judgment inthe sum of $1,658.25, with interestthereon at the rate of 6 per cent, perannum from the 19th day of November, 1912, and the costs of this action,amounting to $ , and theundersigned Master Commissioner willsell the said personal propetrty or somuch thereof as may be necessary tosatisfy and discharge the plaintiff'ssaid claim of $1,658.25, with interestand costs.c. a. McMillan,M. C B. C. C.M. F. Kenney, Auc'tr.(July 4-11-18-25)- Plaintiff-DefendantsUder and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court rendered in the above styled action, theundersigned Master Commissionerwill sell at public auction o thehighest and best bidder at the courthouse idoor in the city of Paris, Ky.,at about the hour of 11 o'clock, a.m., onMONDAY, JULY 14th, IMS,the following described property:Beginning tt the northwest cornerof the lot owned by Hattie HillMann Dudley at a stake in the southern margin of East Seventh street314.3 feet east on Pleasant street;thence running westardly along thesouth margin of Seventh street 60feet to a stake corner to Kate B.Mann's lot; thence with her linesouthwardly 130.2 feet to a stake inthe line of Geo. Alexander (formerlyNoah Spears' line); thence with saidAlexander's line eastwardly 60 feetto a stake corner to the lot ofHattieHill Mann Dudley; thence with said,Dudley's line northwardly 129 feet tothe point of beginning, being a part ofthe lot deeded to said Mrs. M. F.Hedges, by deed of record in theBourbon County Court Clerk's office,Deed Book 70, page 319, and mentioned in her will heretofore referred to.Said sale will be made upon a creditof six and twelve months for eauaiparts of the purchase money, purchaser being required to execute bondforf equal installments of the purchaseprice with good surety threon, to beapproved by the Master Commissionerpayable to said Master, and bearinginterest at the rate of 6 per cent,per annum fom date of saler untilpaid, and to remain a lien upon theproperty sold until naid and to havethe force and effect of a judgment.c. a. McMillan,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.Ray Mann, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auct.(20-27-jul4)Kf12-93We WIfll 5natifura3;e a RousingMARK-DOWN SALEThat Will be Long Remembered by the People of Paris and Bourbon CountyWe are compelled to unload. Our store is crowded with Smmer Footwear and rather than the risk of carrying thesegoods over to next season, we decided to resort to this Great Sacrifice Sale. We are going to make this great sale a recordbreaker that will crowd our store to the full capacity. Of course it takes bargains-great, big rousing bargains to bring acrowd, and this is just what we have to offer. Come to the opening sale and see these wonderful bargains that cannotkj aupiicacca any wnere oucsiae our score, m nese are the greatest Shoe values ever offered by any store:e!!- m - - - - -"--' - "--- war -Misses and Children's $2.50 values in button oxfords and two-straps, patent andgun metal. Mark-down PriceiMen's $4 Oxfords, tan, patent and gun metal,Walk-Over included.Mark-down PriceMen's $3.50 Oxfords, in patent, gun metaland tan. S JkMark-down Price 9mh "frMen's $3 Oxfords in tan, patent and gun metal.Latest styles.Mark-down Price .:.SI. 9B GB 5hir fess m.O AAA UUllUll JJ.m$1.69Misses' $1 .50 patent, tan, white and gun flfcj-metal pumps. Mark-down Price QChildren's $2.00 pumps.Mark-down Price3 flu 39S Misses' barefoot sandals, all sizes. Now 49c.aaies $cs.au values, all popular leathers and fabrics, m pumps and oxtords, button Qf Jand lace. Mark-down Price SI&-C.-,Ladie $2 and $2.50 grades two-strap pumps andoxroras in velvet and gun metal.Mark-down Price ,Men's $2.50 Oxfords in button and fl4 Jj Qlace. Mark-down Price 9 fr5One lot of Men's Oxfords, broken sizes,.$2 and $3 values. Mark-down Price99c9Infant's and Children's pumps and oxfordsin patent and tan, $1 values, sizes 2 to 7 J&Mark-down Price.... ...... . VS-IC, rs iLadies' $3 values, all latest style pumps and oxfordsin velvets, satin, tan and gun metaland white, the very best values 4made. Mark-down Price & H 55Ladies' $2 pumps and oxfords in patent, gun metalana wnite pumps. ffrfl M,Mark-down Price ILadies' white canvas button shoes.. rt ft aMark-down Price 5 5 WOne lot small sizes ladies' oxfordsMark-down PriceiSee ThatYouDAN9Mm m50cCOHEN.:cGet Your Share of the Wonderful Shoe BargainsLIl" " MMMiMBBBBMW14VJb'if'il , - jvJ ,i""'" ' ' ' ' "ii ih- ii. in n miitfc,n""' n i qirtwrBm