Ut- i- , -krJlf p - ff&cTHE BOURBON3;jPUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND PRIDAY IN THE YEABVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, sPT. 2, 1913.APPROPRIATE SERVICES MARKDEDICATION OF NEW CHAPELSJ$NEWS.325r"j" - r" " ' . gimp gcIced TeaCoastei sWith Cut StarBottoms , vj$3.00 per Dozenfeed Tea Spoonsg$1.00 Set of Six.rIUPounds the"oesfEastern Sugar $1.00With a $3.00 Purchase.Old Reliable Coffee, Per Pound ... 30cSilver Spa Coffee Per Pnmifl 30cft Mayflower Coffee, Per Pound .. 30cBulk Coffees, Per Pound, 20c, 25c --.-and 30c9 Try this .20c Coffee it is the same as youhave been paying zbc tor.Pink Salmon, Per Can. -10cRed Salmon, two Cans ..25cThe Best Red Salmon, Per Can .... 20c,Pure Cider Vinegar, Per Gallon 30cThese are just a few of the many things thatwe can save you money on. Call and let usfigure with you for your winter supply ofGROCER! E5before they advance. CASH always getsthe bestsfor the least money.Stone's Wrapped Cakesreceived fresh every day.T. C. LENIHAN.i Cash urocery.V.ILAST CALL!$1H5TfcCHOICE OF OUR1 $2.00, $2.50, $3.00StrawHatsPRi6&:S60.6iotniersand FurnishersJmmmmwmmwmmwmwmmmmmmimmm ia 1 IMWM-Sunday was a memorable day atHutchison, as it was the day for thededication of the chapel of the newMethodist church, which has beenerected to replace the home of worship that was destroyed by fire Sunday afternoon, March 31, 1913.The house which was burned wasbuilt in 1876 and was a small framestructure costing originally about$1,000.The new chapel stands on the samesite and is a neat brick building withbeautiful stained glass windows, goodheating and lighting equipment, andcost about $3,000. It is an ornamentto the village and reflects much credit upon the Methodist congregation,which is small in numbers but largein energy and generosity.The church is neatly Carpeted andfurnished, the handsome mahoganyand leather pulpit furniture havingbeen saved from the fire.A large crowd estimated at fromsix to seven hundred, assembled inthe church and on the grounds, Sunday, from the whole surroundingcommunity, Lexington, Paris and Millersburg especially having very largerepresentation.The pastor of the church, Rev.Samuel Arnold, the trustees, J. W.Case and Joseph and George Jacoby,the other officers and members ofthe church all worked heartily to prepare for the dedication, and were wellrepaid for their labors by the attendance and generous response of thelarge audience and by the rest of theprogram".The service was opened by thechoir and congregation singing "Jesus, Saviour, Pilot Me." Miss MaryJacoby presided at the organ andthree young ladies from Lexingtonplayed on violins. Miss Edith Corbin, of the First Methodist church,Lexington, rendered a beautiful solo"Calvary," and the invocation waspronounced by Rev. L. R. Humphrey,pastor of the church at Little Rock.Miss Ellen Merrill, of the FirstPresbyterian church, Lexington.sang "The Golden Threshold," and :Rev. C. C. Fisher, of the MillersburgFemale College, read the ScriptureJesson from the chapter of Genesisand the chapter of Hebrews.The pastor, Rev. Mr. Arnold, thenmade the announcement for the dayand cordially welcomed the congregation to the new house of worship.Rev. F. B. Jones, who was pastor ofthe church some years ago, introduced the speaker of the occasion,Rev. H. W. Bromley, formerly ofWilmore, but now a successful evangelist who travels all over the landholding union revivals.Rev. Mr. Bromley is a young man,tense, earnest, pleasing in personality, voice and manner, and held theattention of the large audience fromthe beginning to the end of his sermon. After the sermon the pastor offered prayer, and then Rev. Bromleyproceeded to make up the $1,000 thatremained due upon the building andwhich had to be pledged in full before the church could be dedicated.In this the speaker proved to be alive wire, and by his poweis of persuasion and persistent efforts ' suc-; ceeded in raising the amount to the1 last penny.Then the dedication ceremony asprovided in the church ritual wasmade and the house was solemnlydedicated to the service of the Lordfor all acts of religious worship.The dedicatory prayer was offeredby Mr. Bromley and the benedictionwas pronounced by the Rev. Mr.Humphrey.The vast congregation adjourned tothe orchard in the rear of the chapel,where a feast was served which foriabundance and excellence has seldombeen equalled in the county. Platesmlorl wifrli substantial wfirp sprvfidto the visitors and a long table wasladen with pies and cakes in endlessvariety to be served as a secondcourse.At least six hundred people werefed.An interesting and impressiveceremony of the morning was thebaptism of Malcolm David Arnold, thebeautiful baby son of Rev. and Mrs.Arnold, by Rev. Mr. Bromley.The citizens of the Hutchisonneighborhood who had already contributed largely to the expense of thebuilding were assisted Sunday by liberal gifts fro,m friends who werenresent from Paris. Millersburg and! other points, and by the contractor,H -V"WE KNOW HOW" .pVvC'..',' '-,:'. '-AV1 -s.Our Entire Line ofStraw Hatsare now on sale atHALF PRICErsMitcheH 8c Blakemore,Outfitters to MenI Ihmmmwmv.wxwwfi mmmjmmtwiim!.s&Jgi&g&i imz&2?23fitorttoffivyv fg' V" VI tr 5rJai5atMg3ifra iKr'jag'Jata'g 'DUB3 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II DfXrJ LlHIilXLIt 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1iiiHTiiiiaiiiuirnniuuMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiminiiis5i 5FRANK & COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.-AfcEXTRA SPECIALXREDUCTIONSON ALLCOURT REPORTERS CONFERAT, MAMMOTH CAVE.The Kentucky Shorthand Reporters'Association, which began its fourthannual session at Mammoth Cave onWednesday, adjourned after electingthe following officers : President, Norris D. Gordon, Madisonville; first vicepresident, Mrs. B. H. Buehler, Somerset; second vice president, James D.Soy, Louisville; secretary and treasurer, Mrs.. Elizabeth Rogers, of Parisand Lexington.James G. McLean gave a short talkon the statutes governing the appointment of court reporters in Kentucky.The main purpose of the meeting howxd ever, was to draft a bill to bepresented the 1914 session of the Legislature concerning employment ofstenographers in criminal cases andthe fees to be paid for their servicesin such cases.VW "4READYT0-WEARGARMENTSFor Summer WearBABIES' HEALTH LEAGUETO MEET THURSDAYThe Babies' Health League willmeet Thursday afternoon at -4 o'clock.at the residence of the, president,Mrs. Wade Whitley, pn Vine streetThe members'' of the League and allthose interested are "requested to lepresent at this meeting.4 'JizzEtFRANK fc CSB'&$&j9Paris, Kentuckyltf Uf )U yttmm aisJJHHHHB1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1913t I1-,rPARIS, KENTUCKYFi ijj, ,nZi.ffft,i:IfT Tr.llTtIt"fMII:f.ft '-' s f r 1 1 FA FTQ SirBourbonDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.Varnish Candles.A good way to make your candleslfcst longer than usual is the following, says the Montreal Star: Hold eachcandle by the wick and give it acoat of white varnish. Then lay candles away for a day or so to harden.The varnish prevents the grease from-running and preserves the life of the, candle many hours.Kentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky fairs in 1913'as far as reported:"Ewing, Aug. 213 days.Eminence, Aug. 21 3 days, nElizabethtown, Aug. 26 3 days.Shelbyville, Aug. 2C i days.London, Aug. 26 i days.Nicholasville, Aug. 26 3 days.Florence, Aug. 27 1 dayB.Germantown, Aug. 27 i days.Alexandria, Sept. 2 5 dav&.Pulton, Sept. 2 5 days.Frarikfort, Sept. 2 i days.Somerset, Sept. 2 4 days.Bardstown, Sept 3 i days.Barboursville, Sept. 3 3 days.Tompkinsvilie. Sept. 3 4 days.Franklin. Sep 3 days.HodgenvhU. -erji. 93 days.Montfcpello, Sept. 9 I days.llorgantown; Sept. 11 3 days"Is-Easy to Have, NaturalColored and Beautiful, So many women have grey or fadedhair; neglect it until it becomes thin,dry and lifeless, begins to fall out andlakes them appear much older thani-hey really are. If your hair is intills condition get a bottle of Hay'sHair Health today. Don't wait untilfome one says how much older you;ook. You'll be delighted at theTults from even one or two applicacio)js. The .grey hairs gradually dis-pppar and your hair will become fullJf Tue and vitality. No one can tellhat you are using it It's not a dyefcnit a nice, clean preparation that'ncklyand effectively keeps your greyaair dark, glossy and natural colored3nd' that all druggists guarantee sat"ipactory or refund your money. Alvajs ask for Hay's Hair Health. Itiiavfr fails.Tree: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. botJle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.c&ke of Harfina Soap, ror 50c; or ?1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and twoJ5c cakes of Harfina Ssp Free, for SL,L. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.1rv.r;M. A. CAHAL.' 3",C Barber SHop,&Tt. first-Class Workmen.Ro!ite and Prompt AttentionL5to AH.Hot and Cold Baths. - -. - .We Thank YOU ror a Miare Olrrvt-wr ir T" . -" "'-nrr VrY.fHir r mrnnaw-rWIMIflW PAPm mmLaundry;We Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want, as we like toappreciateeOnly True Liberty.The liberty which is good is notthe liberty of one gained at the expense of others, but the liberty whichcan be enjoyed by all who dwell together. L. T. Hobhouse.Emery Supply Restricted.The world's supply of emery comesfrom Greek islands and from AsiaMinor near Syria. Importations intothe United States average $250,000 annually. ADMINISTRATOR'S SUE.As administrator or J. H. Linville,deceased, I will offer for sale at publicauction, on the home farm, at Millersburg, Ky., onSept. 3, 1913, at 10 A. M.the following property:2 full bed room suites;1 chamber set and lot of other furniture, such as carpets, rugs, tables,chairs, mattresses and bed steads andmatting, kitchen and dining room furniture; Lot of enameled ware;Lot of milk crocks and pans;2 clocks;1 sewing machine;Lot of bedding, blankets, pillows,etc.;Half dozen brooms;1 lot stone jars;1 lot glass jars;1 wash machine;Lot old iron;1 step ladder; -1 iron kettle; . i1 lawn mower;1 lot tools;2 breaking plows; '1 double-shovel plow;1 tobacco plow;1 no-top buggy; i1 rubber tire buggy; , $ '1 two-horse wagons; v "t1 sled and 1 log chain;1 roller;1 Frazier cart;3 hog troughs;4 hog houses;1 gasoline engine and corn mill;1 clipping machine;6,000 tobacco sticks;1 transplanter;1 seed sower;1 one-horse drill;1 grind stone;1 saddle and bridle;1 set cart harness;1 post-hole digger;1 A tooth harrow;1 disc harrow;3 sows and 15 pigs;3 red sows in pig;1 three-year old mare;1 yearling colt;it".2F i-''aJifrt1 aged mare;1 two- year old gelding;1 Jersey cow and calf;'1 six-year old Jersey cow;1 spotted Jersey cow;1 cow and weanling jcalf;1 lot old corn,1 red calf;5 yearling steers;4 heifers;&19 ewes and one buck; '1 reaper;1 corn crusher;1 Ross cutting box;1 acre cow peas;One-half interest in G acres tobacco;14 acres of corn; - -----One-half interest in 20 acres corn;A lot pf clover and timothy Jiay;A lot of other farming implements.TERMS-AU amounts under ?20.001 cash; r "over ahat amount"overthat' note, with " interest at Vatee Of b percent, payable in six months.i. a jt i. j.Aummisu-aiur.SWIFT CHAMP, -PublisherEntered at Postoffice it Paris, Ky.,as mail mattei jf he second classEstablished lSb'i -30 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and PridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading nptices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space a newspaper's stock intrad some 3 of revenue.GREAT EUROPEAN ARTISTSWITH GENTRY BROTHERSWhen the average American is seeking a place near the stove in winterthe agents of the big tented shows areworking industriously engaging actsfor the season which comes withseason. This part of the amusementworld is one which the public is notfamiliar. A little look into thatcranny proves interestoing.November marks the close of theseason for tented attractions like Gentry Bros.' Famous Shows, which willvisit this city next Saturday, Sept.6. When thelast wheel of the trainsstop at winter headquarters the organization of the show for the succeedingseason begins.Trainers get busy framing new features. A showman, whose judgmenthas been demonstrated at once goes toEurope. He make a careful canvassof the music halls and vaudeville theatre. For, months he is acquaintinghimself with the novelties that areUC11,UL11I, LUC aUUlCUlCO JU LUC UIUC1side.He carefully selects from the thousands of acts he sees will most delight the American show patrons hemakes engagements Many performerswho have pleased royalty, are broughtto this country to become a part ofGentry Brothers Shows.This season Gentry Brothers showspresent, in addition to their world'sfamous animal actors, a score of performers who will be seen this seasonfor the first time in America. Gentry Brothers famous shows are indeedall new. If you see them here nextSaturday, Sept. 6, you will recognizethem in the name only.Right-Handed Plants.That there are right-handed plantsand left-handed plants has been reported to the Cambridge (England)Philosophical society by R. H. Compton. In an examination of eight varieties of two-rowed barley the firstleaf was found to twist to the left in58 per cent of more than 12,000 seedlings, and an excess of left-handedgrowth was found also in millet and inoats. In corn there seemed to be nomarked tendency either way. No evidence of hereditary peculiarity appears to have been obtained and nospecial significance of the results ispointed out.Married In Her Everyday Clothes.A nineteen-ear-old Leavenworthgirl eloped with a Leavenworth boyof the same age and after the marriage ceremony she called up hermother and broke the news. "Youdidn't get married in that dress youwore today?" was the first thing themother said, but she got around tothe "Bless you, my children, blessyou," before she hung up the receiver.Kansas City Star.What He Would Do.A young lady visiting her relationson a farm went out in the yard towatch her young cousin play witha chicken. Watching him for sometime she asked him: "Willie, if thatchicken were to lay an egg whatwould you do with it?" He looked upsurprised, then said: "Oh, I'd sell itto a museum. That chicken's a rooster." Primitive Shaving.The Harput barber places aroundhis customer's neck a peculiar panwith a semicircular piece cut out ofone side, so that it fits partiallyaround the neck under the chin. Water is put into the pan and the barbermakes a lather with his hands andrubs it on the customer's face, usuallyusing his hands for this purpose also.. The "Alleged Gentleman."This quaint notice was recentlyposted in a Cardiff plub. "If the alleged 5 gentleman who took threebrushes from Mr. 's color boximagines they will paint poultry without the assistance of the master handhe is gravely mistaken and thereforemay as well return them to theirrightful owner." Pall Mall Gazette.-- Arranging for the Future.The little girl objected, quite naturally, to wearing her older sister's outjgrdwn clothes. One day, in protesting.while being -dressed with such a -gar-.?otimfmen slfe exclaimed: "It's real mean,'anfl Whori I set marand when I get married, I'm "going to1 oilMAN LANCED 'LlOltfESS' GUMDental Surgery on a Largely-GrownQueen of the Jungle NoMere Boy's Play.Chester, Pa. Thomas Hargreaves,proprietor of a hotel in this city, performed an unusual surgical operationon a young lioness recently. She isa year old and nearly full grown, andfor several days has been actingstrangely and seemed to be in muchpain, unable to eat properly, and theconclusion was reached that the trouble was in her mouth.An examination showed that theupper gum on the right hide of thelioness' mouth had become greatlyinflamed, a diseased tooth causing thet.rnnhle. Harereaves auolied to oneveterinarian after another, and severaldentists, but found none willing toperform the operation. One surgeonsaid there was not enough money inChester to get him to undertake thework.Finally Dr. D. W. Jefferis was calledin by the hotel proprietor and requested to lance the gum; but his answerwas: "Here is the lance, Hargreaves;you do it; that operation is a littleout of my line."Acting on this advice, when tnehotel was -closed for the night, Hargreaves went to the cage of the lioness, whispered a few words of sympathy in her ear, and, while the beastlay upon the floor, jabbed the lanceinto her gum. There was a terrificroar, that was heard for squares adisplay of claws and squirming, butthat was all.After fully realizing the great benefit of the operation the huge beastpurred and licked the hand of theman to show her appreciation. She isvalued at $1,000.WHERE IS OUR QUEEN MARY?London Graphic Asks What Woman inU. S. Approaches Her in Influence. London. An amusing question isasked by the Weekly Grapic in thecourse of comment on a statement byan American editor that in Englishnnvok "the wrnripn invnrinhlv erp.t. thfiworst of lt. which is not to the lik.Queen Mary.ing of American women readers offiction.The Graphic quotes Price's Collier'ssaying, "England is a man's country,"and continues:"But if the American man placeshis woman on a pedestal, he does not,let her affect the serious side of thenational life. Is there a single womanin America to-day who possesses aTthousandth part of the influence ofQueen Mary and Queen Alexandra?"DOG'S LIFE TO SAVE CHICKSFights Copperhead, as Venomous Rep.tile Imperiled HisMistress.Pottsville, Pa. When Mrs. RobertHelms went to the chicken coop tosee why her fowls were making anunwonted .noise, she found that afour-foot copperhead had coiled up inthe yard and was giving battle to adog, which had driven the reptile awayfrom a half-devoured chicken.She endeavored to strike it with abroom when the snake made a thrustat her, narrowly missing. Her screamsbrought men from their work nearby, and they soon killed the snake.The dog was a victim of the fangsof the reptile, and wilL likely die fromthe poison, which he endeavored in; vain to lick from his wounds.Eats Himself to Death.Frovidence. As the resultunusual gastronomic feats,of hisJosephMasse, known as "Ii Ko, the WildMan," died at the Rhode Island hospital. Death was due to hemorrhagesof the stomach. Masse was a familiarcharacter at shore resorts, where hegaye exhibitions of eating large quantities of fish and raw meat. One ofhis customs was to carry small snakesconcealed in his" long hair and occasionally shake them put, to the consternation of spectators.Husband's Smoking "Causes Trouble., Pittsburg.. Because her husbandjmoked ,m. bed and-kept her awake atfhe fegffeil LifeIt is the right of everyoneit to ourselves and those whocannot ao so if ill health takesdelicatebut to her loved ones.There is a remedy.FortyFavorite prescriptionwill restore health to weakened worannkind. For 40 years it has survfprejudice, envy and malic Sold by dealers inmedicine in liquid or tabletforSDr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription T blots mn be had of druggist or mailedreceipt of one-cent stamps for 1.00 or 50c size. Address K. V. Pierce, M. JXDr. Pierce's P2easan4 Pellets rjjzi3ate and invigoratestomach; liver and bowels, Sasar-coated, tiny grannies-"55-Sfasssyiaesa&egasx&sCHot FactsIf you have been a housekeeper any lengthof time you have probably tried different kindsof COAL. And after all kinds of experi-err(z Ck-nA rntnWiiW'ncone kind of FUEL that gives absolute satisfaction always, that , is Fox RidgeCoal. Remember you cannot order tooearly to avoid the high priees.Dodson & Denton. The'Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Both Phones'140Q&sZQcSitfecafcJg;1.2.3.Sells My ProductsGets Best PricesBrings Supplies7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegrapfeCompanyIncorporated.m TORNADO mTO -tf1Twin Bios. Depanmeni StoieCorner Seventh and Main Sts.Dry Goods, Ladies' and Misses' Skirts, Waists, Shoes anMillinery, Slightly Soiled, Big Bargains.WWflM U flt-U,J.Tf. -TTigryy)What could be better for town or country buildings than a roofingthat won't burn won't leak that is lightning proof lasts as longas the building itself, and never needs repairs ?Cortright Metal Shingles meet every one of these requirements.Beware of unitations None genuine without the words " GxtrightReg. U. S. Pat. Off." stamped on each shingle, "- For Sale by ' a'si ' . "Best & Hawkins, rV1iliersbur9. Kyto live and enjoy the cheerful life We wlive with us to live ths eheerfuflife. Whold of us.female organs 13 not only a burden to hrwr1years experience has proven unnoi3takably thatAbout Fuel !-Trn tr-irrr T- ,- i J,.. WaomASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wondersthe Cumberland Teljephone works for him. He will reply:4. Protects the Home5. Helps the Housewife6. . Increases ProfitsDAY7ATH3FCMM353aI tJ - "- " - w"r'ru 4v J"wood, has sued for a divorce. 'wiF ?" z9y,JH ff''v'-arjL1 if"TOimgnHI IHE JO GANOEPretty Romance Woven Arounda Motion Picture FilmExpedition.By JOHN DARLING.She came along the end of July toIndian Neck, the prettiest girl theUCBUil "" CVCi oc. vvilline slavpCarteret took a hasty glance at the ' .,""? , iavehotel registry as Beggsie, the officialtoter of suitcases, led her away to herroom."Vivian Lovejoy," he read. "Oh,Vivian, you are like a lone ro'sehudin the famished desert. Vivian,Vivian ""Shut up. Don't he a cad," muttered Don, stuffing his big -tannedhands into his linen trousers pockets,and staring moodily after the girl."Even if we -do happen to he thejumping off place in the summer resort line, you don't have to act like a,grinning idiot. Wonder why she everlanded here."But the fact remained that she hadlanded, and from her preparations, itwas seen she meant to stay. Shetook the best' room left, one overlooking the falls and the sweep ofrapids clear around the bend of theheadland that gave the place itsname. Every day she went to thepine grove above the falls, and strolledaround alone, studying every point ofland. After lunch she took the pathbelow the falls and walked up anddown first on one side, then crossingthe little bridge to the other.Carteret tried to join her to explainthe beauties of the place and the oldlegend of the falls. They were not sovery high, hardly over ninety feet,but even in the summer they wereturbulent, fed by the lake above."You see," Carteret would say, "Indians used to be around here, and theyhad a custom of sending one girlover the falls every year in a redcanoe for a sort of sacrifice to thespirit of the falls.""I have heard of the custom before,"said Vivian. "At Niagara they did it,teo, I think. But these falls seemtco small for the leap to be fatal.""It's the rocks under the water.They're like jagged teeth, and theyrip the bottom out of any boat thatgoes over. If she did get to the botiem of the falls the rocks in therapids would catch her. Nice littleplan, wasn't it?""It's a wonderfully picturesque place.I think it is just hat I have beenlooking for.""Artist?"She smiled and shook her head,turning her parasol so he could notwatch her."No. I'm just an ordinary summertramp. Where is Mr. Marden?"VFishing," laconically."He goes fishing every day, doesn't, he?""Every day," assented Carteret happily. "Just below the rapids aboutquarter of a mile.""Can he swim?""We all swim here." He lookeddown at her with sudden suspicion.'Why was she asking all these questions about Don Marden, the one manat the Neck who did not appeal towomen. He was tall and decidedlyhomely. He had no chivalrous ways,no little attentive tricks to woo themby. He was short spoken and roughly tdressed. Rainy days when the otherguests of the hotel kept to the shelterof the verandas living room, hestaked forth with a placid grin onhis face and the rain dripping fromhis old felt hat, with a fishing rodbalanced in one hand and a basketin the other."Is he anybody special?" Vivians . asked once, watching his stalwart,stooped figure stalk down to the glen."He acts as if he always did just as- he pleases.""He came here because the fishingis good. He comes every ear. Nobody knows who he is. He comes forJuly and August, then goes away."Carteret ga". e the information grudgingly. "Don't be interested in himHe's a dub. a perfect dub" It wasthe only term that seemed to fit DonMarden. "I would do anj thing in the' world for you "3if RTiiilfid nt h?m Innlti"' nn frntr 1"" ! overj Or is it chestnut? js she going topaddle her oWn canoe?"Carteret's low foned mumble men-tioned a place not on the summer, tourist's map. Doggedly he finished hisjob, and the little trim canoe stoodresplendent'in itscoat of red. Viviancame out to look at it, and she wasradiant."It's so dear of you, Mr. Carteret,to hurry it for me," "she said. "I'llpay for it tomorrow, and for yourtime."Carteret's response was very fervid.He wanted no pay for this work oflove. He adored her. He was herOrchestra of One-Artned Men.One of the most -popular orchestrasin Portland, Ore., is composed entirely of one-armed men, six of whom,says Popular Mechanics, are minus aright hand or arm, while the seventhhas only a right hand. The instruments used are a piano, violin, 'cello,cornet, trombone, mandolin anddrums. This unique organization ofmusicians is in great demand fordances.Are you really?" she mused. "Thenwait for me down at the bend of theriver tomorrow at sunset, just wherethe rapids end."The following morning fourstrangers arrived at Indian Neck. Theywere men, with certain curious articles of baggage, and they hired thecorner suite of the hotel, and mixednot with the local gathering of witsin the corridors or office. They wentover the ground on both sides of thefails and the rapids carefully duringthe forenoon. The noon train broughtfive more, three women and two' men,and Vivian herself greeted them likelong delayed and welcome guests. Shetook them out and showed them herred canoe, and Carteret stood in theoffing and meditated on the developments of the case.But Don did more. He stopped deadshort on his way past the party atthe foot of the hotel steps, and beameddown on "Little Red Head," as hedubbed her."What are you going to do withthat canoe?"She dimpled mischievously, and methis gaze fairly."If you are down below the rapidsat sundown tonight, you will see, Mr.Marden, and I'm hoping you will be."The tallest man in the new lot ofguests approached."Possibly you are not aware, sir,"he began in friendly fashion, "thatour Miss Lovejoy is known from theAtlantic to the Pacific coast.""Oh, Mr. Kitson," pleaded Vivian,flushing. "Don't. I haven't told anyone here, and I've had such a goodtime all by myself. It will be badenough when it's over."Don looked the whole aggregationover deliberately. He turned again toVivian."You're going to shoot the falls inthat canoe, aren't you?""Well, what if I should?" She waslaughing at him."Nothing, only this? I'll be in therapids at the foot to get you out ifyou do.""You keep out of it, boy," warnedt Kitson, kindly. "This is businebs."! "I'll be there," repeated Don, dog, gedly, and stalked away to his fishing.And at sundown Indian Neck hadits first big thrill of the entire season.The red canoe was borne to the lakeabove the falls. And there appearedsundry wild tribesmen, painted chiefsand braves who bore a found maidenI to the canoe, and danced a franticdance around her, before they pushedthe canoe away on its voyage overthe falls.On the shore the film machineworked steadily. Another one waswaiting at the rapids, and Kitson asthe lover brave was ready to dash inand save the girl in the red canoe,when Carteret dashed along the lowerbank as the canoe went over the falls."It will be ripped upon the rocks!"he yelled, but there already strodethrough the rapids a tall, ungainlyfigure, Marden in his trouting boots,finding his way surely among therocks and deep holes. Had he notthreaded them for years, seeking thehidden lurking places of the rainbowbeauties and their speckled brothers.For one blinding instant the canoewent out of sight in the boiling, surging mass of water at the foot of thefalls. Then it appeared, twirling likean autumn leaf in the swift currentthat led straight for the rapids.On the lower bank were two of themen, Kitson and another, ready to goto the rescue, but they seemed tohave lost their nerve. But before thered slip of a boat could get into themaw of the rocks that yawned abovethe eddying "water, Don Marden hadseized it. Vivian lay in it, holdingto the safety belt they had fastenedabout her and the ropes that had beenfastened as handles on each side ofthe canoe. Her hair was streamingher shoulders. There was noXiasop ij niAV ujoAi sj zaj atn qotqM-J8A0 duo nns 8iqAV an. yzxR os ioqsjreq etft Suidaa 'paABqs spnaq Jiaqi8AT3q sqTuy 'sapd Avej -e jbao Sutubuiaraos SumBajds Xq saoBid-ajra aqiut sdoqs Areiodraai Jiaq oaaa Xaqj,uaradmba .naqi joj jozbj -b pire 'siad-dip 30 jyed tj 'sjossios jo jred -8-no ajjnbai saaqjq qsiy oaijob aqi,wno hews Xuo sjjnbaaMeek Men.If you want to find a picture of truehumility, hunt up a railroad president.Between the money kings on the oneside and the labor barons on theother, he feels like going on a dollarexcursion. Philadelphia Ledger.$100 REWARD, $100The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that scienc hasbeen able to cure in all its stages,and that is Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhCure is the only positive cure nowknown to the medical fraternity.Catarrh being a constitutional disease,requires a constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarh Cure is taken internally,acting directly upon the blood and themucous surfaces of the system, thereby' destroying the foundation of thedisease, and giving the patient morestrength by building up the constitution and assisting nature in doing itswork. The proprietors have so muchfaith in its curative powers that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo,Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (August)Altar;, Dedicated tor Fortune. 'In the. baths of a Roman "fort atpresent being excavated at Summerston, England, an altar has been unearthed "Dedicated to the GoddessFortunej by Caecilius Nepos, tribune."The baths served the purpose of aclub, where the men would while awaytheir time by gambling, and the altarwas no doubt dedicated by the Romanofficer after a particularly fortunatecoup. The inscription on the altarmay lead to important historical conclusions. -Stern Sense of Public Duty.All "Roman father" records wouldseem to be eclipsed by the Frenchgendarme whose child was killed atParis, the other day, by being givena dose of acid in mistake for castoroil. The gendarme immediately arrested his wife for manslaughter byimprudence, and then gave himself upon the charge of contributory negligence, as having been partially responsible because of his own carelessness in exposing the acid, whichwas used in cleaning his equipment.Ready-WItted Salesman.Some salesmen are equal to almostany emergency and do not spare the"other car" when occasion requires."But the Blank car is guaranteed forlife," protested a prospective purchaser to a salesman of the sort. "Yes, Iknow it is," retorted the quick-wittedsalesman, "but our car is guaranteedfor a whole year." It required severalmoments for the prospective purchaser to see the point.SPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, AUG. 3J$.33RoundTripimRoumI'TripSPECIAL TRAINLeaves GEORGETOWN 7:45amASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALM EI-BOTH'PHCKNES DAI 137; NIGHT 399.There Under Compulsion.'You ought to be ashamed to spendthe best part of your life in jail,"said the kind old lady to the prisoner."Madam," leplied the convict, "don'tblame me for it. I assure you that Iam here against my will."First American Cigar Factory.The first American cigar factorywas established in Connecticut in1810. By 1825 there were numeroussmall cigar factories in Connecticut,Kentucky, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Ohio, New York, Maryland andVirginia. The first tax levied on domestic cigars and other tobacco products was laid under the internal revenue law of 1862, which was a war revenue measure.-What Fishes Know.That fish possess a certain power ofreason is affirmed by many who. havestudied them. They often learn torecognize the voice of the one whofeeds them. Fish will congregate inplaces where food is habitually thrownto them. If a morsel proves too largeto he swallowed, they have beenknown to divide it on a sharp stone.Harper's Weekly.Twin Bros.' Department Store701-703 Main Street, Corner SeventhSee Our Window For$12.50, $15.00 and $18.00iitsLook Forward.Who can see the brilliancy of character attained by individuals of ourrace without feelir that there is apledge in this that -,vhat has been donealready in the individual will yet beaccompanied in the nation and therace? F. W. ltobertLoii.Photographer's Paste.A paste which will prove permanentis made of ten parts of arrowroot, onehundred parts of water, one part gelatin, ten parts alcohol. Soak the gelatin in the water, add the arrowroot,having been previously mixed witha small quantity of water, and boilfour or five minutes. When cool, addthe alcohol and a few drops of carbolic acid or oil of cloves.Had Gone Too Far to Change.Little Helen and Jack had grownup together, and hen Jack finallyoutgrew dresses and donned his firsttrousers Helen insisted that she, too,be allowed to have a pair. But Jacksaid: "No, you don't, either, 'causeyou started out to be a girl and you'vegot to keep it up." Chicago Tribune.Tongue-Twister.Try this on your vocal organ. Sayit over several times, and say it fast:"A rat ran over the roof with a lumpof raw liver m his mouth."Kept Busy."I suppose that with Jinks it wasa case of marry in haste and repentat leisure." "Not exactly His principal complaint appears to be that hehas no leisure." Buffalo Express.Another Complaint Recorded.A woman journalist tells us that ina collection of recent poetry thereare poems of dust, rags, fish and tea,and that "woman, alone has failed tofan the poetic fires." She attributes itto the fact that woman has descendedfrom her pedestal into the "hurlyburly of life."to9.9aThese Suits are in the latest styles'and colors and areexcellent values. Take aj look at them. We also have afull line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts and everything thMen andJBoys wear,TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'lL Wollstein, Propri or.Too Much Competition."Hang it!" mutters the enrapturedyouth. "What chance have I to gether alone? She has to go to the autoshow, the food show, the flower show,the dog show, the millinery show, theland show and Oh, well, there's noshow for me!" Judge.thejetter he -had just brought to her. j ear in her eyes only a great WonderIt was the letter she had waited forover two eeks. They ere comingthe next day, Kitson, Bayly and therest. There was not another hour tolose. She leaned forward to Carteretwith a look in her lovely dark eyeshe had never seen there. He noticedhow her hair curled around her temples and hid her ears. She was distractiugly pretty, not beautiful, butjust pretty, pretty as a girl could be,he thought.s "Can you get me a red canoe?" sheasked. "And not tell anyone? I wantit tomorrow morning surely."Carteret promised. He would havepromi3d the evening star if she hadasked for It in that tone. All thatclay in the rain he hunted a red canoe.Tbere was not such a thing at IndianNeck, he was told, but down the riverthree miles, he found a canoe hauledup beside an old cabin, and it ownerparted with it for a weekly rentalHed paint he found at the 'villagestore, and another bill changed handsthat he might turn the canoe upside wIfch your confoUnded acting, and itdown in the hotel barn and paint it."Put in plenty of dryer, old man,"advised Don, taking a last look athim before dinner. "You're doingflne. Who's it for? The little edhead?""Aw, shut up, can't you?" groanedCarteret huskily. "You shouldn't beallowed Jo speak of a girl.""So? She has red hair, hasn't she?ment. And while Don cut tne leatnerbelt, and lifted her in his arms, thefilm machines worked steadily, untilhe reached the bank with her whereCarteret stood, a limp, helpless wreck."We can use it all right, Miss Lovejoy," Kitson said that night, whenshe made her appearance on the veranda. "You did fine, that's all I cansay. You kept your nerve, and it wassome drop over the falls, too. It'll bea good film, and we'll change the storyaround a bit to let this gentlemaninto it.""You needn't bother," Don returned.He had been talking to Vivian quietlyfor about an hour in secluded corner, and even Carteret could not fathom the meaning of their glances now."Miss Lovejoy has just told me shewould marry me as soon as she getsback home, and I don't think we'lllet you have that red canoe film. Youput your price on it, and I'll send thecheck when you hand the destroyedstriDS. You scarea an my truut awayWhy He Sought Solitude.African Explorer (dumbfounded)"What, you, Clarence Vere de Vere,in the heart of darkest Africa! Whatin the world are you doing here?"Clarence Vere de Vere "I'm wearingthe necktie Miss Darling gave me forChristinas. I promised her I would,you know!" Puck.Special Rates &' Excursions.Eucursionto Cincinnati, Ohio,and return- Unpleasant Task Laid on Him.The farmer's son came home looking as if he had been through a tornado. His father inquired the cause.The son replied: "It's that durn correspondence school again. I got a letterfrom the sophomores telling me to( haze myself."Way of Woman.No woman cares to face an emergency without fiist powdering her;nose.mea year to coax the"mwill takeback.""Take us a year, Don," correctedVivian, gently.(Copyright. 1913. by the McCIure Newspaper Syndicate.) ,Many a fellow boasts that he neverdrinks alone because he always waitsfor somebody to ask him.I Saved Girl's life Sjg "I want to tell you what wonderful benefit I have re- JJJJ ceived from the use of Thedford's Black-Draught," writes JJ9 Mrs. Sylvania Woods, of Clifton Mills, Ky. JJJ "It certainly has no equal for la grippe, bad colds, 99 liver and stomach troubles. I firmly believe Black-Draught 99 saved my little girFs life. When she had the measles, J9 they went in on her, but one good dose of Thedford's JJ Black-Draught made them break our, and she has had no JJJJ more trouble. I shall never be without JBLack-drTugHTJ in my home." For constipation, indigestion, headache; dizzi- J5 ness, malaria, chills and fever, biliousness, and all similar 5a ailments, Thedford's Black-Draught has proved itself a safe, agl reliable, gentle and valuable remedy. ft If you suffer from any of these complaints, try Black- 41J Draught It is a medicine of known merit. .Seventy-fiveJJ years of splendid success proves its value. Good for JJS vouner and old. For sale everywhere. Prine 25 cents. 5ftSunday, $ept 7-$1.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.Tickets good on special i trainonly. Q: 'ETifcLow round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address.W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, TM.Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS -3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionCmSHot and Cold )Baths at AHHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public"; Pat' ronage Solicited.few BarbershopWindsor Hotel..23PILES! PILES! PILES1WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleedinjr and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts as j poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and $1.00.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.Modern Equipment,PoliteTService;Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORD(Roxie" Dam$!Cbc Insurance fluentLife, ' k Accident, Health,Liability, Fire,1 Wind,Lightning :::::: i i :Biggest -and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" aCaH.S 2 Helios 127Special j Prices ForBeef Hides Until -FurtherNotice ,nWe pay 12 l-2c for greenbeef hides. Gall us jrpor bring it to our place. ,MAX MUNICk,6th Street,?CaK Kast,Tenn.pakis; x1 '" -'-.mwww w frto w rJrxfc'. r . d;'wu 3P .... T , V.".itt'; 'tfgfit ik-flw jr .Ftt'T:"t "1 ""fvKt:ij TV. -. "- & - :I.-r19- tftp, ihLThe Bourbon Newsitablislied Fb.1, 1S8LMWtFT- CHAMP, - Editor andPubllsherpfciUred M the Paris Kentucky Post-wuw a" xi.woi ui tixo ocv,uuu ,CUe.) 1R.F. CLENDEN1N RESIGNS HISs DneiTiriM uitu damilir. Roy P. Clendenin, who for the3MU5t several years has been connected with the First National Bank, and-who at present is assistant cashier,yriday tendered his resignation to"become effective October 1. Theresignation of Mr. Clendenin wasaccepted reluctantly by the directorssad officers -of the institution.Mr. Clendenin, who has been connected with the bank since its organisation in 1902, will become connected with the Northwestern MutualIiife Insurance Company, of Milwaukee, in the capacity of special agent.3fe has been the local agent of theompany since 1904, and the new position he is to assume comes as a reward for his earnest ability in thefisurance business, which he conducted in connection with the position heJteld in the bank.The general agency of the companyis conducted by H.-D. and C. D. Rodasan, of Louisville.Mr. Clendenin will establish hislieadquarters in this city, and will' ontimie his active connection withthe fire insurance agency of McClure& Clendenin. Mr. Hord Mann, clerkrm the First National will be advancedto the position made vacant by heTesignaion of Mr . Clendenin. At a'resignation of Mr. Clendenin. At ameeting of the directors of the institution held Saturday, the following resolutions in regard to his resignationwere passed unanimously, which is anattest of the high regard in which hewas held:Whereas, Mr. Roy F. Clendenin,jLsistant Cashier of the First National Bank 'of Paris, Kentucky, as tendered his resignation, to become effective at the pleasure af this Board,in order that he may form businessconnections along other lines of Good Fertilizer for Ferns,work; and Nitrate of soda dissolved in waterWhereas, Mr Roy Clendenin has , fihould be iven t0 ferns are uleen connected with this institution nr, TOV ,. An nni. ,1r 1,irom its beginning to the present ' r ak, but do nt make the proportime, having been its first bookkeeper tion of nltrate more than one-quarterand its first assistant cashier, at all ' of an ounce to the gallon, but large-times, and in all circumstances, j plants, and those of vigorous growthfaithful, earnest, honest and loyal to , should be watered with a solution inthe interests of the First National proportion of one-half an ounce of.Bank, its stocknoiaers ana its pat-ions;Now, therefore, be it resolved bythe Board of Directors of the FirstNational Bank of Paris, in sessionthis August 30, 1913, that the resignation of Mr. Clendenin be, and thesame is, hereby regretfully accepted,effective, if Mr. Clendenin will serveuntil that time, on October 1, 1913.This Board of Directors on behalf oft the stockholders of this institution, is ary characteristics of that realm. Itnot unmindful of the obligations due ' yaries in size; in youth being longera co-worker of the character, ability than tMck and reacning from theS. JSE? ZL tw !SipmnnSS? chIn t0 the heels; in riPe maturity be71 sincerely regrets that business oppor- . .. . . ,. ' , -I tunities which have presented them-. mg dicker than ng, and reaching1 selves to him, make it necessary that from the bac.k two feet beyond thelie should sever his connection with I natural plumb line. American Magathe -First National Bank; j zine.Be it resolved, further, that thef hearty good wishes of the Directors, Iand all others associated with the , ' Joviality Out of Place "management of this institution go' Y mistake was in m'isnnrferwith Mr. Clendenin in his new field , .ur mistake as m lsuUerof work, and that we hereby make standing your country," said Mr. Plow-l YnrPsinn of sinr.rp hnne that, tha ' den, to a man and woman found dan-greatest possible success may atted cing in the street and charged withTiis work, and be with him in all his ' disorderly conduct at Marylebonefuture life; I "This is not a country where peopleResolved further, that this resolu-, can afford to be jovial. You must cultion be spread upon the minute book, tivate a spirit of melancholy if youand that; a copy thereof under the want to be safe Go a aud be aseal of the Bank be delivered to Mr. ! ,, rt T rnj.TjfClendenin by the Cashier of this in- sad as you can' Londo11 Tit'Bltsatitution. ;, Talleyrand and Josephine.NOTICE TO WATER CONSUMERS.Owing to the drouth in order tokave water for domestic use I amompelled to forbid the use of waterfor sprinkling.x PARIS WATER CONEWTTON MITCHELL, Supt.STOCK AND FARM NOIESOne of the best sales of real estate made in Harrison county wasthat made by Mrs. S. E. Clevelandthrough J. H. Magee, when her farmof 100 acres, about one and onehalf ,miles east of Cynthiana, wasold to W. A. Small, of Tipton, Cedarcounty, Indiana. Mr. Small with hisfamily will move to the farm nextMarch and make it his future home.L"The Divorce Question."--'Rowland & Clifford's presentationof Wm. Anthony McGuire's intenselyinteresting argument against divorcewill be seen at the Paris Grand onSept. 12. The play treats the question of divorce as an individual, social and ethical problem, portraying astrong, Tital, true situation of life asa. premise to an argument whichclearly demonstrates the futility ofdivorce as a means of social progress, inasmuch as it leads to the disintegration of the family, upon whichrests the entire social structure, deprives children of their right to theirparents and tends to foster that undemJable immoral and hurtful institution, polygamy.No play of recent years has received the stamp of approval alikefrom press and pulpit and the clergykave gallantly reponded in the fightAgainst the horrible social evil diTorce. The phenomenal success of thisirtay in all cities visited would indicate that reservation should be madeimmediately.MICAKENTUCKY CHALLENGE CUPSTAYS WITH GAY.J. D. Gay, of Pine Grove, Ky., lyoh.the Kentucky Challenge Cup at targets shot at on the grounds of theiPayette Gun Club Saturday afernoon.Mr. Gay tied with Frank C. Bell inthe first round, each of them break"-ing 95 birds out of a possible 100,DUt m tJie snoot-on Ot ZU Diras air.Gay broke 19 against Mr. Bell's 18.Mr. Gay has held the cup for sometime, having beaten C. B. Strother, ofWinchester, for it, but at the end ofthat match Mr . Strother challengedMr. Gay for anoher match and thePine Grove marksman immediatelyaccepted the challenge. In the matchSaturday Mr. Strother broke 94 birds.The official score was as follows:Gay, 95; Bell, 95; C. B. Strother, 94;H. Strother, 94; VanDeren, 89; Barrow, 88; Wheeler, 88; Clay, 86; Carter, 77.Homemade Cedar Chest.Get a large pine packing box. Hingejon the lid and putty up the cracks ifthere are any, but it is better to getone without cracks. Purchase a bottle of cedar oil from the druggist andpaint the inside of the box with this,being sure that the oil soaks into allcrevices. Use the oil plentifully, andwhen thoroughly dry line the boxwith cambric. Cover the outside withany preferred material. The cedaroil will retain its odor for years, andis as much disliked by moths as thecedar wood itself.Story of a Precocious FIve-Year-Old.Bill Bowen of Atchison tells theGlobe of a woman and her little sonwho were on a Central Branch trainthe other day. "Fares, please," theconductor said, and the woman handed him one ticket. "Boy will have topay, too, madam," said the conductor."Oh, but he's only five years old,"she replied. "Looks mighty old to beonly five years old," snapped the conductor. "Yes, he does, but you see,he has been doing a lot of worrying,"she answered.nitrate to the gallon. Apply aboutevery ten days,good.Soot and salt are alsoWonderful Human" Stomach.The human stomach as diagrammedin the encyclopedia resembles themap of South America, and as apotentiality exercises the revolution-Talleyrand,- the notorious Frenchstatesman, friend of Napoleon and ambassador at the English court, was designed for a military career, but an accident, when one year old, renderedhim a cripple -for life. His cunningcleverness, political penetration, adroitintrigues and ingenious subterfugeswere vehemently opposed by the emperor's wife, Josephine, who energetically denounced him as a "cursed cripple." Poor Provider.An old negro in Texas was asked ifhe was going to register. He wishedto know how he would have to proceed. On being told that he had toswear to support the constitution, hiseyes -widened, and, drawing a longbreath, he said he couldn't do it, because he couldn't support himself.Too Quick With CommentRiggs (facetiously) "This is a picture of my wife's first husband."Diggs "Silly looking guy! But say,I didn't know your wife was marriedbefore she met you." Riggs "Shewasn't. This is a picture of myselfwhen I was twenty-five."Largest of All Earth's Trees.A regiment of 1,000 men could readily find shelter under a single banyantree. In India there is one of thesetrees which has 400 main trunks andover 8,000 smaller ones.Explains a Mystery."It has always been my idea," remarked the Man on the Car, "thatsomething jostled Nature's elbowwhen she was pouring the seed intothe watermelon."Visual as Weil as Vocal."His language was terrible; I neversaw worse," said a policeman atBridgend, England.Quettlen In Etiquette.,Does asking ever answer the telephone?OPEN AIR TREATMENT BYGENTRY BROS. SAVE SIMIANSIn the evolution of surgery andmedicine the masters of these professions have resorted to the use of t thelower animals in making tests bywhich the human family profits.The rabit and the guinea pig are thelower animals An which the heart action is closest to that of the humanbeing.The monkey tribe, however, is thefamily in which the action of thelungs is closest to that of man.Monkeys are particularly susceptibleto pulmonary tuberculosis, or consumption. Among monkeys thedeadly white plague reaps its tollalmost without resistance.Several years ago the medicalworld evolved the theory that openair was the surest preventive fortuberculosis of the lungs. This scientific disclosure was quickly caught upby Gentry Bros., proprietors and owners of Gentry Bros. Famous Shows.Conducting a trained animal exhibition that has arisen to the apex offame, Gentry Bros, used monkeys.The loss among the simians from tuberculosis was appalling. When thefresh aid treatment was expoundedGentry Brothers decided upon drasticmoves. They decreed that monkeysfor all time should live in open air.Following this decision came a mostremarkable demonstration of how nature provides for her own. Naturesoon provided the simians, destinedto open air in a northern winter, withheavy coats of hair. These coatswere heavier than any ever beforeseen on monkeys. The monkeys wereleft in the open air all the yeararound, their only protection being adry goods box. Since, then GentryBros, have lost but two monkeys,whereas twenty-five was the usualtoll of the plague in the winter.The monkeys, strangely enough,welcome their new mode of living. Allsummer they are left in unconfined spaces. In winter they are offered only enough protection to breakthe wintry winds. The result is thesimians are acclimated, there is notuberculosis among them, and theonly troupe of year-round open airmonkeys in the world are with theGentry Bros.' Famous Shows, whichwill be in this city Saturday, Sept. 6.DESPONDENCYIs often caused by indigestion andconstipation, and quickly disappearswhen Chamberlain's Tablets are taken. For sale by all dealers.(Sept)WARRANT AGAINST PATROLMANFRED LINK IS DISMISSED.Uion a warrant j:aig'n& him wit'ithe murder of Dave Milton, colored,Patrolman Fred Link was arrestedyesterday morning by Sheriff A. S.Thompson, and at his examining trialheld yesterday morning before JudgeDenis Dundon in the County Court,t.i- warrant waf l'sm sed.The killing of Milton occurred lastThursday morning in the negro suburb vof Claysville, when Link, incompany with Mag Overtree, a negress, went to the village in an effortto secure the clothing of the woman,who alleged Milton on several occasions had., threatened her life and itwas her desire to leave him.Link atempted to halt the negro,'who was going in the direction of thecity, and when the latter attempteddraAV a revolver the officer fired, killing him instantly. Coroner RudolphDavis held an inquest Thursday afternoon and the jury exonerated LinL ofall blame.The warrant against Link wassworn out at the instance of CountyAttorney George Baterton, who conducted the prosecution. The morningwas consumed in hearing the evidence in the case, and at noon courtadjourned. In the afternoon Hon. E.M. Dickson made the argument for'he defense while Mr. Battertoaargued for the Commonwealth. Thocourt ruled in the opinion that Linkwas acting in his official capacity andthat from the evidence introducedand the points of law cited by the attorney for the defense, the killing olMilton was an act of self-defense andwarrant was dismissed. Mr. Dickbonand Attorney C. A. McMillan reprsented Link.NEGROES IN FIGHT ONESTABBED IN EYE.In a difficulty which occurred at thefair grounds Saturday night duringthe pi ogress of the colored fair, Cl ..ence Henderson stabbed Clay Saudersin the left eye, inflicting a dangerouswound. Henderson was arrested byPatrolman G. N. McKenney and lodged in jail. Saunders' condition isnotserious.flTo NewHousekeepers !Having bought outabig boarding house in jCincinnati of a full line of Bed Room and Kitchenf Furniture, consisting of Bed Room Sets, Kitchenand Dining Room Furniture, also ' Front andReception Room Furniture. Not having room tocarry it, I am offering vto sell cheap for cash anyitem in the house to make room for my general line-for Fall and Winter. Apply toJ. ELVOVE,Paris, KentuckyOur Call Home Phone 360HANDS HORRIBLY. BURNED. BYFLAMES FROM GASOL'iNE.Mibtaking gasoline for wateialmost ccst Sim Levy, proprietor of atillering and cleaning .and clea'-i'iigestablishment in this city, his lifeyesterday afternoon, and as a resultlie is confined to his home on Pleasant street, suffering with a number ofsevere burns.A quantity of gasoline which had'been used by one of the men in his'employ had been left in a pan, andLevy, without ascertaining the contents of the pan, saturated his handsand placed it upon a small stove.Immediately the fluid caught fire and'jihe hands of the unfortunate manjlwere soon enveloped,j' Before the blaze could be extinguished the flesh on both hands hadbeen burned to a cri3p. Suffering tnemost intense agony he made his wayto the office of Dr3. Fithian &Daugherty, where his injuries received attention, when he was removed to his home. Although suffering considrably from his injuries Mr.Levy is doing as well as could be expected. WINCHESTER POLICEMANWOUNDS DESPERATE NEGRO.In a pistol duel at Winchester, Friday night, Policeman Dan Insko shotand probably fatally wounded BudBennett, of Spartansburg, S. C. Bennett was wounded twice, one shot taking effect in theleft side, and anotherbullet broke his right leg. It is believed that Bennett robbed a nightwatchman in that city Friday morning after cuttig him thirteen timeswith a knife.MOTHER OFEIGHTEEN CHILDREN."I am the mother of eighteen children, and have the praise of doingmore work than any young woman inmy town," writes Mrs. C. J. Martin,Boone Mill, Va. "I suffered for fiveyears with stomach trouble andcould not eat even a biscuit withoutsuffering. I have taken three botlesof Chamberlain's Tablets and am nowb, well woman and weigh 168 pounds.I can eat anything I want to, andfeel better than I have at any time inten years. I refer to anyone inBoone Mill or vicinity and .they willvouch for what I say." ChamberlainTablets are sold by all dealers.State of Ohio, City of ToledoLucas CountyFrank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm ot F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business in theCity of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that said fifm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured by theuse of HALL'S CATARRH CURE.FRANK J. CHENEYSworn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, A. D., 1886.(Seal) A. W. GLEASON,Notary Public.Hall's Catarhh Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon theblood "and mucous surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free.Sold by all druggists, 75 c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (Sept)BIRTHS.Born, at Middlesboro, Aug. 29, tothe wife of Mr. Wallace Douglas,nee Lord, a daughter.Here Is the HogLexington, Ky.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,Enclosed find photo of hog that wascured of cholera with your BourbonHog Cholera Remedy. This hog wasalmost dead before using the medicineand then was entirely cured, exceptloss of ears, tail, etc. The hog isowned by Mr. SkileB Ewing, of Bawling Green, Ky. He will be glad togive you a testimonial, and we can getseveral more if you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for It.FOR SALE BY W. T. BROOKS. -:S!NATURAL CASWinter will soon be here andthen you will of course fig urton having that long delayedNATURALINSTALLEDso that you can have gasFOR HEATING. AND COOKING.Now, before the rush is on,we would advise you to seeabout having your houseequipped for NATURAL GAS.We will do the piping whereappliances are bought fromus or you can have the workdone by any first classplumber or gas fitter.We will make connections asorders are received; takethis matter up today. Youcan't afford to be without gasfcr cooking and heating.A phone call will briny our Salesman.PARIS GAS &IncorporatedrWINDINSURANCEFire andjLightningTnomas12 Big CompaniesK.rrsmt9TRIG COr-sWoodford)i.jvvm? , ijnj, " '$1-1UV' -i: -Vf & IVi:L-U--ir V Ve-JH$t.y-' wyp"V"".... , AfrJ&rth'J&'Wft ,, r, . ,-, '. iIEPTEMBER2. 19131it..W&ii&fiLHAS THE BESTOF ALL, LINES MADENOTICE.City tax lists for theyear 1913 are now inmy hands for collection, at my office at(the Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.CARD OF THANKS.SDGIAL 10 PERSONAL. -Mrs. Anna Lucas, of Covington,is visiting friends in this city.Former County Judge N. -H. McNew, of Carlisle, was a visitor inParis yesterday. VMiss Kate Alexander has returned home after a visit to Mrs. Clarence Lebus, at "Hinati."Mrs. Maria Lyons and Miss Annie Kelly left Monday for SwangoSprings for a stay of two weeks.Mr. and Mrs. William Parris andMrs. Rose Flanders, of this city, werevisitors in Winchester, yesterday.Tke ladies of the Catholic church-wis to thank all those who attendediheix "Silver Tea", and helped tomake it a success. They realized$48.75.WHIPPEDBY PARENTIN POLICE COURTDemnis Leer, a young negro, arrested Saturday for participating in anumber of quarrels with white boys,-was taken before Judge B. B. Januaryyesterday afternoon. At the conclusion of the case Judge January ordered the boy's father, Ben Leer, intocourt,, and in the presence of several-nitnesses the boy's back was baredand the lash applied with telling effect. It was Judge January's opinionthf -, a public whipping would be moreff ctive upon the incorrigible ladth. a a jail sentence, and in the futureIk will adopt this rule in dealing withVys brought into his court.ELt-ERYBAND PLEASESTWO GOOD AUDIENCESDudley, Mrs. William Wornall, Mrs.James Woodford, Mrs. Buckner Woodford, Mrs. Gus Brooks (Maysville),Mrs. Catesby , Woodford, Jr., v Mrs.John Davis, Mrs. Withers Davis,Mrs. Ed. Prichard, Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill, Mrs. Ray Taylor, Mrs. LouisTaylor, Misses Elizabeth Embry,Nancy Griffith, Elizabeth Crutcher,Rachel Wiggins, Mary Fithian Hutchcraft, Hilda Threlkeld (Maysville),Josie Gardner, Janie Marsh and MaryBatterton.k Mrs. Mary Hibler is visiting relatives in Mt. Sterling.Miss May Welsh is visitingfriends in Cincinnati.Miss Lucy Peterson, of Midway,is the guest of her brother, Mr. D. B.VPeterson.Mrs. J. W. James and daughter, I Miss .Matilda James has returnedMiss Nellie James, have return d froma pleasant visit to friends in Lexington. Mr. Edwin Sweeney, of Chicago,arrived Saturday as the guest of hismother, Mrs. Alice Sweeney, in thiscity.Drs. C. J. Clarke, L. Oberdorfer'and Geo. Varden attended the Druggist's' Pnnvpntinn in Pitinlnnoti tViioweek.Hon. Claude M. Thomas, of Pari,s accompanied by. Mr. John J. Redmon, of North Middletown, were visitors in Frankfort, Friday.Miss Mabel Robbins, CountySuperintendent of Schools, who hasbeen spending her vacation in themountains, has returned home.Mr. Bruce Miller, editor and proprietor of the Kentuckian-Citizen,has returned from a visit to his sister, Mrs. Henry Preston, in Ashland,from a visit to Miss Mattie JudyBotts, in Mt. Stalling.Mrs. Lon TriL'jie left Monday forFulton, Mo., for a visit ,of two weeksto friends and relatives. . -) Mrs. John T. Clark has returnedfrom Phoenix, Ariz., for a visit withMr. and Mrs. William Clark.Miss Eddie Fitzgerald has returned to her home in Cynthiana after a visit to the Misses Welsh.Dr. Richard Clark, of Nicholasville, was the guest Sunday of hisniother, Mrs. Kate Clark, in this city.1 Mr. Oscar Hinton is at homeIfrom Ann Arbor, Mich., the guest ofIhis Barents. Mr. and Mrs. W. O. Hin-Fton.Mrs. A. H. Morehead and childrenreturned Sunday night-after a visit ofy several months to relatives in Chattanooga, Tenn. ,MATRIMONIAL.Gooch, Mr. Fred Batterton and Jos.S. Talbott, of this city, were amongthe guests last week at Crab OrchardSprings.-Mr. and Mrs. Newton R. Bishop,,Two good audiences were present,matinee and night, at the Paris Fairgrounds Sunday, to hear the ElleryBand, which wras en route to Knoxville, to play during the NationalConservation Exposition, which open- their home on the Georgetown pike,ed in that city yesterday. Fully 1,500 of Cynthiana, were guests of Mr. andpeople heard the excellent program, Mrs. E. C. Cleveland, at "Sunland,"which was rendered in a faultless j and atended the Leef-Caruthers wedstyle, and the audiences showed their I ding Thursday evening.great apreciation of the musicaltreat by frequent applause and the musicians were compelled to respond toan enchore after each number. Assoon as the band finishes in Knoxville,which will be some time in December,an effort will be made to secure it foranother engagement in this city.MUSICIAN STRUCK BY AUTOMOBILE AND INJUREDA member of the Ellery Band,whose name could not be ascertained,was struck by an automobile drivenby Samuel Atlas Sunday, shortly afnoon, at the corner of High and Tenthstreets, and painfully injured. Theaccident occurred while several members of the band were waiting for acar and Atlas turning the corner raninto the crowd. The injured man, being advanced in years, was unable toget beyond danger before the machine istruck him, knocking him to thestreet and inflicting a number of painful injuries. He was attended by aph3sician, and was able to leave withMr. Samuel Biggss accompaniedby his son, Gorge, left Sunday ffortheir home in Huntington, W.Va., after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. E. B.Hedges, in this city. Mrs. Biggs andSam, Jr., will remain with Mr. and1 Mrs. Hedges for a longer visit.I Sunday's Lexington Leader: "Avery jolly party left for High BridgeSaturday, going up the Dix Riveri Sunday morning, where they willI spend the Labor .Day holiday andI return to Lexington Tuesday."Amcng the party were Mr. andMrs. Frank Bell, Mr. and Mrs. J. Rodert Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Renick, Misses Louise Welsh, of Lexington, Elizabeth Spears and MargueriteDouglas, of Paris, Messrs. Owen Keller, Leon Van Arsdale and VilevBell."Mrs. Margaret Gooch, Miss May, T, ,, t -Doch. Mr. Frd Ttattainn h w yCrawfordsville, Ind., for a visit totfher sisters, Mrs. James.'Mrs. Albert Miller.Goltra andMr. and Mrs. Bert Swearingen,'of Denver, Colorado, are visiting Mrs.Swearingen's sister, Miss MargaretTerry, in this city.Mrs. W. P. Prewitt and daughter, -Miss Lena Palmer, and Mrs. 11. C.Hill, of Stanford, who have been theguests of Mrs. Jesse Traylor on Cypress street, returned home SundayMr. Robert Renick, son of Mr.Morris Renick, who has been here forseveral weeks, the guest of hisgrandmother, Mrs. W. H. Renick, hasreturned to his home in Middletown,Ohio.MRS. SUTHERLAND'S SCHOOL.Mrs. Sutherland's school "will openWednesday, September 3.(29-2t)Miss Frances Clay entertainedThursday evening at the home ofher parents, Mr. and' Mrs. Harry B.Clay, on the Winchester pike, ir honor of her guests. Miss Bucker. andNEGRO ARRESTED CARRIEDA REVOLVER CONCEALEDthe other members of the band Sun- brother, Mr. James Buckner, who re-day night.SCHOOL BOOKS CASH.We are merely agents for the American School Book Co., and sell theirgoods on a small commission, so wewill require cash for all school books.Don't send the children for school supplies without the money.(26-2t PARIS BOOK COCATHOLIC LADIES HOLDSILVER TEA IN SCHOOL.The ladies of the Catholic churchcelebrated the completion of the pa-j Aa"uc' UJ- : a"? s. -amerochial school building Friday after-1 "son Riley, of Cincinnati, who areor, oirnninr hv frvinfr ., ciivpr i tne guests of Mrs. Sherman Good-LCiU TVXllVii. roo ncii ti..v.u.iv-vi ux.turned to their home in TennesseeFriday morning. A tempting luncheon was served in buffet style to thefollowing guests: Miss Buckner, Miss.Mary Mitchell Clay, Miss Marie Talbott, Miss Elizabeth Hinton, MissFrances Clay; Messrs. James Buckner, Fielding Rogers, James McClure,Holt Daniel, Roy Batterton and William Talbott.The Frankfort Journal says:"Mrs. Thomas P. Hall was "hostess ata beautiful bridge party and luncheonThursday afternoon at her home onShelby street, in honor of Miss Katenetted a neat sum. The school is located at the corner of Main andTwelfth streets, being the residenceerected by the late W. R. Thomas,and sold to the trustees of the school.last spring by Mr. Miller Ward. It ismost desirable in every respect and ishandsomely finished throughout with"hardwood floors and every modernmnvftti fence. Bv a few changes onthe first floor the home has been con-1verted into a comodious school build- jing, with living rooms on the secondfloor for the Sisters, who will arrive and take charge in a few days.The ladies receiving and assistingFriday were: Mrs. P. Nippert, Mrs.Maria Lyons, Mrs. J. J. Connell, Mrs.Geo. McWilliams, Misses Mary Mc-"An enthusiastic game of bridgewas enjoyed before the luncheon,which was served to the guest's fromsmall tables, which were attractivelydecorated in marigolds. Mrs. Hall'shome was decoratedLEER-CARTJTHERS.A very beautiful wedding wascelebrated Thursday evening at theChristian church, uniting Miss AmeliaTevis Leer and Mr. Alfred Caruthers,of Middlesboro.The church was exquisitely decorated with palms, ferns and cut flowers, and lighted with quantities ofglowing white tapers.Miss Clara Belle O'Neal rendereda beautiful musical program duringthe assembling of the guests and MissDorothy Talbott sang sweetly twoselections, "O, Promise Me" and "MyDear."To the strains of Lohengrin's Bridal March the wedding party enteredfrom opposite aisles. Mr. G. G. McFerra, of Big Stone Gap, Va., andMr. Roger Early, Jr., of Lexington,leading, followed by the bridesmaids,Miss Bessie Stone, of Georgetown,and Miss Lucille Brooks, of Lexington. Both were handsomely gownedin pink crepemeteor and carried- armbouquets of pink roses. Next camethe little flower girl and boy, MissMary Louise Clendenin, the beautiful little daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Roy Clendenin, and Master LeerBuckley.the hadsome son of Mr. andMrs. B. F. Buckley. They carriedbaskets of pink roses. Mrs. RogerEarly, a sister of the bride, acted asdame of honor and came next in thebridal processio.She was very lovelyin her exquisite gown of? pale blue.Then came the beautiful bride alone.She wore an elegant gown of softwhite satin, her tulle veil was held inplace by a wreath of orange blossomsand she carried a bower of lovely lil- jlies, me groom ana oest man, Mr.Alexander Tinley, of Middlesboro,entered from the side door and metthe bride at the altar. The impressive ring ceremony was used, Rev.W. E. Ellis officiating. The party leftthe church to the joyous weddingmarch by Mendelssohn.The bride is the daughter of Mrs.James Monroe Leer, and is an accomplished and popular young woman. The groom is an attractiveand prosperous busines man of Middlesboro. Amid the hearty congratulations of all, the young couple leftfor a wedding journey to the Northern lakes, and upon their return,will go to housekeeping in theirown lovely home.Our Large Stock of Shirt WaiaistsMust Be Reduced.So we will give the prices anotherbig cut. Come while have your size.Prices on All Summer Fabrics" : Reduced. ,:Big cut on DressWash Goods, Etc.Linens, . Lawns,VIW. Ed Tucker.FRESH OYSTERS.We have today fresh oysters thefirst of the season.JAMES E. ORAVEN..' Friday night Patrolman Fred Linkarrested Keller Thomas, a negro fromnear Shawhan Station, and placedhim in jail on a charge of carryingconcealed weapons. Thomas -vas'taken into custody on Main streetnear the Eighth street corner, and af,'ter he had attempted to draw hisrevoher on the officer. Thomas, incompany with a negro man and woman, were walking down the strootthree abreast, obstructing the sidewalk, and when accosted by the officer the woman became very abusive.She was placed under arrest and atthis Thomas began to fumble in his'coat as if making an effort to getsomething out of his pocket. Patrolman Charles Thomas, who was close'at hand, went to the assistance of'Link, and took charge of the woman,while the later officer grappled withThomas and took the weapon, a 38;calibre revolver from his pocket.Both were locked up and upon thecharge the negro was fined $25.00 andcosts and given twenty days in jail athard labor, while the woman, whowas charged with disorderly conduct,was fined $17.50.A WOMAN'S WORKsometimes reduces her strength to thedepths of weakness her devotion tohousehold cares prevents sufficientrest and recreation. Thousands ofwomen in this condition find Scott'sEmulsion exactly what they need; itis predigested body-food so medicallyperfected that every drop yields direct .returns in strengthening the organsand tissues and in making healthy,life-sustaining blood. Scott's Emulsionis devoid of alcohol or any harmfuldrugs, and overcomes tiredness andnervousness in a marvelous way.r'i JustL.rl. .TTC jT3l1 11UW JLYCCUXy LU J11UW 1 VUThe Latest inFALL SHOES!Give us a Call and Look our Stock overBefore IGoing Elsewhere. Special Attention Given to Our Children's Department.Eeceived iGeo.. McWilliams,tPhones 301The Shoe ManJALL TAILORING WORKIS GUARANTEEDthroughout with the marigoldsasters, combined with ferns."Mrs. Weisiger Lindsey wonprize, a raffia sewing bag." vGleaning and pressing, repairingartistically ffHfring, nd m act anything in heandtailoring line. All work guaranteed tomeet with satisfaction. The only shopthe ' m town "avin& an expert tailor in, chaige. To get the best results in allI classes of work, give us a call.- t. i An:A v.Hnr T'lin rnnmcvnay auu u.e JJ; " -"'" rated, and the color scheme of pintvfirfi made very attractive b tnei. , ',... x..,. ,. .c 1 'A Hlinline foR nnil uu wuu WUb IHSieiUliyUbf UL y" " wv.v Qut .n the decoraHons andcuKca cic ooi icu.FATHER WOUNDS SONIN A FAMILY QUARRELOn Friday afternoon, Aug. 29,Miss Minnie Riser, the attractivedaughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Riser,entertained with a linen shower, givenIn honor of the bride-elect, Miss Jimtnie Belle Riser, who was the recipirnt of a number of beautiful and useful gifts.The house was beautifully deco-LUTHER COLLINSIn rear of Paris Billiard Hall, West(tf Cor. Main and 4th Sts.T. HINTONLast Chance !4"vTO- WHOM IT MAY CONCERN.I desire to announce to the public ingeneral that any authority granted toanyone by me has been legally withdrawn by my order, and I shall continue to act as my agent from thisday forward. This August 28, 1913.(Signed) FANNIE P. NORTON,Millersburg, Ry.A family quarrel resulted in theshooting of Allie Carr, a negro, byhis father, Alex Carr, Sunday niorn-J- ing. The shooting occurred at thehome of the elder Carr, near LittleJk Rock, this county.? It is alleged that the father of thew" hoy became involved in a difficultywith his wife when the son intercededin behalf of his mother, and succeededin separating the couple, when hisfather attempted to administer awhiping to his spouse.Skorly afterward the boy left thehouse, and his father becoming incensed at the action of the boy securea. shot gun and wjaited-for him to return to the house. As he was aboutCarr opened fire the charge takingeffect in the right arm and inflicting asevere though not fatal wound. Hisjuries were attended to by Dr. P. L.McClure.A-carriedrefreshments, which consisted of deliciousice cream and cakes. The beautifulfavors were dainty - gold wishbones,tied with pink and white ribbons iThose present were-Mrs. "W. B. Riser, 'Mrs. J. T. Riser, Mrs. I. N. Reller,Misses Minnie Riser, Grace Riser,Jimmie Belle Riser, Mary Franecs , , ,Riser, Elizabeth Riser, Jimmie Lou K P?rsns knowing , themselves mRiser, Christine Reller, Leta Reller, Jebted to the estate of J. H. Lmville,of Riserton, Margaret McClure, Isa- i ueceaseu, wm piease come ana seuiebelle Merimee, of Shawhan, Bettie same a- once aiso tnose saving claimsSmith, Elizabeth Jones and Mrs. against said estate will please presentFannie Smith. Mrs. C. C. Larkin and ' them, properly proven as prescribedMrs. J. C. Snvder. of Paris.' i by law to undersigned.NOTICE.iMiss Mary Woodford entertainedwith an auction bridge Friday after-1noon at her home in the country, inhonor of Mrs. John Yerkes, who willleave soon for Nashville, Tenn., to reside, and Miss Mary Geisreiter, of Little Rock, Ark., who for several weekshas been the attractive guest at thehome of the Misses LaRue near Shawhan. Garden flowers formed the decorations for the attractive home andtnere were six tables, rne prizeW. V. JTUFFMAN,Administrator J. H. Linville."Upon the information obtained re-'f0r the highest score, a pair of silkarding the snooting u. auaui ,lued in this city Sunday afternoon forthe arrest of Carr, and Deputy SheriffW F Talbott went to his home wherehe took him into custody bringing himto Paris where he was lodged in jail.He was arraigned in the CountyCourt yesterday afternoon and hiscamming trial set for Wedesdaytornmg.hose, was won by Mrs.Woodford, Jr. The guests'book, was awarded to Mrs.The consolation prize, aBucknerprize, a,Yerkes.pictureframe, was drawn by. Miss NancyGriffith. Refreshments of ices andcakes were served the guests. Thosein attendance were Mrs. Yerkes, MissGeisreiter, Mrs. Henry May, Mrs.Clarence Renney, Mrs. William R.v. tNotice to MerchantsOn and after this date I will not heresponsible for any accounts contracted by other persons in my name unlesssame is made upon a written order,signed lay myself.W. M. GILLESPIE,Paris, Ry., Aug. 1, 1913.FOR SALEDurock' Jersey Boars. Choicelybred. Ready for service.SIDNEY G. CLAY,Cumberland phone 726. Paris, Ry. "19-3tDon't Miss This Opportunity to BuyPORCHXGOODS.," JtV.SY..JtPi, "You Will Have Lots of Time to Use'Porch FurnitureTHIS YEARHowever, at the Prices We Are OHering, these Goods, You Can Afford toStore Them For Next Season.J. T. HI NT RWood MantelsSAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingAmbulance) mIiI1vi-M-2k- I-Xl.s "N- &J& J&v$Sfir, wvr"TTHE JBOUJRUBUlWKWrAKi35;ijciiii i uyi , ta Tbm.c , -r.ft1-i,l I0PARIS, KENTUCKY,Saturday, Sept. 6HHHHaHHEHHHiHMHHlm m m m m wn mBROS..clAfAt lPfr:-.FEATUPPShwSNOW THE GREATEST TENTED EXHIBITION IN THE WORLD I4BIG SHOWS IN ONETIMES ITS FORMER SIZE IEVERYTHING NEW THIS YEAR BUT THE TITLE KWILL POSITIVELY EXHIBIT TWICE DAILY AT 2 AND 8 P. M.The 25th Anniversary Year f America's StandardTented Enterprise now presents the Blue -BloodedAristocracy of the White Tent World.jtfjfl9rSfKVGentry Bros. Sole Owners and Managers.THEPICK OFTHEWORLD'SBEST ARENIC STARSNo Act too Big: or too. Expensive forGENTRY BROS. ALL NEWFEATURE SHOWS THIS YEARMORE Rare Specimens ofWild and Domestic Animalsthan any other show affordsOne TicketADMITSTO ALLIto. v. urn urn Til. ITHE PAY AND DATETake a Holiday Bring theEntire Family No otter BigShow Gives Half as Much forYour Money. Don't MissGfcUTRY RRfK ALL HEW FEATUREbtmni onus, shows this yearlOO BEAUTIFUL HORSES- lOOX00 THOROUGHBRED PONIES -1002 Herds of the Greatest PerformingElephants in the World. 2 Droves ofPersian and Arabian Camels. 50Monkey Comedians.20 BIG FEATURE ACTS, among them being the Following European ImportationsTHE 4- COMIQUESCOMEDY WIRE ACTLA AMORA SISTERSI a Aerial Battcrfly Iron Jaw ActMARCELL & LENAETTSensational Acrobats andComedy Bar Experts.THE BRACHARDSWonderful Spanish Contortionists and PhysicalCulture Exponents.Les Esmardalo FamilyWONDERFUL EUROPEANACROBATIC ACTPEROCH FAMILY OF 5SeasaiioBal Aerial Artists.A FORTUNE EXPENDED pnpp CTDEET DAD A ftpIN OUR AUGNIFICENT NEW AM J 111111 1 2UilllWhich POSITIVELY takes place, rain or shine, 10:30 A. M., Show DayA SOLID MILE -OF QOL.D AND GUTTERDOORS OPEN FOR INSPECTION OF MENAGERIE AT 1 AND 7 P. M.PERFORMANCE COMMENCES ONE HOUR LATER. GRAND FREEEXHIBITION ON SHOWGROUNDS IMMEDIATELY AFTER PARADEL0WcRATE ROUND TRIP EXCURSIONS ON ALL RAILROADS,"' ' J MPWMM.ll4 Per Cent Interest r." "Paid On Time ; j 11 BfOS IUepositsYour Deposits Arc GuaranteedYOD TAKE NO RISKSIf You Arc InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000fully PaidCANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.Surely Sufficiently Governed.-The human family is subject tottfty principal forms of government.COSTLY TREATMENT."1 wm troubled with constipationui Indigestion and spent hundredst dollar for medicine and treatmmt," writes C. H. Hines, of Whitlow.JLrk. "I went to a St Louis hospital,also to a hospital in New Orleans, butmo cure was effected. On returningoe I began using Chamberlain'sTablets, and worked right along. I"wed them for some time and am now-all right" Sold by all dealers.(Awgvst) i ,'iFurniture Moving,City Transferand First-CalssLiveryOur Facilities forHeavy Hauling isGood.Our Livery is as good as theother fellows. Horses fedby the week or month.We would appreciate ashare of your business.Prompt attention given allorders.Both Phones 260.MARTIN BROS..Eighth St.Paris, KentuckyA-SHAPED HOUSE FOR SWINEExcellent Shelter Provided for SowsWhile Farrowing If BoxstallsAre Not Available.Horse Talk.Assinine questions are apt tomulish replies.getREMARKABLE CUREOF DYSENTERY.In an instructive article entitled"Early Pig Troubles," by Robert L.Dean, the writer gives preference toa boxstall m stable for early farrowing, writes Levi T. Shoemaker in theNational Stockman. This, is no doubt,a good place, but many of us. 'do nothave boxstalls that we can use in thisway. His objections to the A-sh'apedcots or individual hog houses are thatthey are not suited for cold weatherand that they are inconvenient inhandling sow and pigs.In regard to farrowing in coldweather I wish to state my first experience with one of these cots. Thenight the sow farrowed the thermometer registered ten degrees above zero.y Z7"77L jpLA-Shaped Hog House.She had 12 living pigs. Ten were leftwith sow and two raised by hand.Weather remained cold several days,but the sow raised the ten pigs without any artificial heat. We have sincehad better success with them thanwith sows in any other place.The second objection, trouble inhandling, I have overcome in thisway: I make a door of the top halfof one side of house the full length ofhouse, using strap hinges at top ofhouse. This door may be propped upwith stick or turned back on otherside of house. (See illustration.)Have never had any trouble handlinga sow in house constructed in this way.I cover this door with iron roofingand let it extend two or three incheslower than door on lower siding. Havenever had any trouble in leaking. Ialways place the house so that theentrance door is east and side doorsouth, and on bright days open thisdoor so that pigs get the sun. Theside door is high enough so that pigsget the advantage of sunshine withoutbeing exposed to wind. Usually keepentrance door closed at night untilsow farrows, and if warm raise theside door for ventilation.SHOULD NOT OVERWORK MAREPractice of Allowing the Foal to Follow its Mother in the Fields IsNot to Be Encouraged.That a mare can be worked advantageously during pregnancy is unquestioned, but the danger lies inoverworking, and when roads are bador held soft there is more or less riskof injury to both mare and unbornfoal.Yet, having escaped all these risksby careful and judicious handling ofthe mare, and the foal on arrival is toall appearances strong and vigorous,it will not long continue in this condition if compelled to follow its damin the field day after day under aboiling sun.The practice of allowing the foal toaccompany its mother on the road orin the field is not to be commended.When the mother must be in harnessthe foal will fare better if left athome. When the work can be so arranged that the mares with foals dotheir work close at home, the lattershould be confined in a box stall, andonly a moderate amount of time willbe required in the middle of eachhalf-day to go to the stable and allowthe colt to suckle.At first it will be a trial to drivea mare away from her foal, but patience and kindness will overcome thematernal instinct. No one, unless destitute of fellow-feeling, would abusea mother for clinging to her offspring, and in parting the mare andfoal for two or three hours, firmnessand kindness must be combined."I was attacked with dysenteryabout July 15, and used the doctors'medicine and other remedies with norelief, only getting worse all the time.I was unable to do anything and myweight dropped from 145 to 125pounds. I suffered for about twomonths when I was advised to useChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. I used two bottlesof it and it gave me permanent relief,"writes B. W. Hill, of Snow Hill, N. C.For sale by all dealers.(August) . v .For Distemper In Horses.The following is an excellent remedy for a cough that follows distemperin horses: Granulated sugar, onepound, in which mix powdered chlorate of potash, eight ounces, and powdered lobellia, two -ounces. Mix welltogether, place a tablespoonful inthe feed box before feeding, and putthe grain on top of it. If you are feeding meal mixed with the hay, mix itwith the ration.TTfNTHfi ii rnRI1KPROFITABLE AS EGG LAYERBrown Leghorn Hen, Six Years Old,Stops Laying Just Long Enoughto Hatch Out Brood.As to the age limit of profitable eggproduction there are many exceptionsto this rule. Some hens are neverprofitable egg producers, while othersmay be profitable for years. I have athree-fourths grade Brown Leghornthat is nearly six years old and shehas not stopped laying since early lastspring long enough to hatch a broodof chickens, says a writer in an exchange. She got broody last April andwas given eggs, but she sat but a fewdays until she quit her nest and waslaying again In a short time. She hasbeen almost a continual layer up tothis date, and is still laying. Muchof the time she laid an egg everyday.The regular profit of $1 per fowlseems to satisfy the average poultryman. This is wrong, for no oneshould be satisfied in any line of work,HHHHC2SBKktHBBBBBBBErmmmimmJob PrimtinejWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!&.v.Rose Comb Brown Leghorn.but constantly striving for better results and larger profits. Two andthree dollars per fowl is a possibleprofit and is being attained by somemen in the poultry business today.The secret does not lie in the fowlor the variety, but in the humanbrain. Let us all study more carefully the rules and principles thatgovern poultry culture. Let us striveto increase the profit in our flocks,and thus each year set up a newstandard for the succeeding year. Bythought, perseverance and persistencegreat things can be accomplishedwith poultry.TRE J9B R0OfflS Of": THE v -BNRoRNewsINJURIOUS HABITS OF HENSPulling and Eating of Each Other'sFeathers May Be Cured by Allowing Them Free Range.Cure Caked Udder.Frequent milking and plenty ofgentle rubbing followed by bathing ofthe bag with hot water will curemost cases of caked udder.Sometimes a flock of hens acquirethe habit of pulling and eating eachother's feathers. In some cases theyare so bad that the flesh of the fowlsbecome torn and sore, and the wholeflock is nearly naked.When they first show the signs ofthis vice measures should promptlybe taken to cure them.The. trouble is caused by too closelyconfining the fowls and allowingthem to be idle. Where possible theyshould be turned on the range wherethe fascination of chasing bugs andeating the green stuff will make themforget the bad habit.When they cannot be turned outthey should be made to scratch fortheir grain in deep litter. Bundlesof wheat or oats, or sunflower headsmay be hung up just high enoughthat they will have to work to get theseeds. Give them some turnips ormangle beets or cabbage heads towork at anything to keep them inexercise and busy. Peed them plentyof green food, meat, meal, beef scrapsand green cut bone.Rub carbolated vaseline on theplucked fowls where the feathershave been pulled outAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting: on short notice such asujppOWNOTg, Substitute for Cream Teeter.Glass tumblers filled with tfholemilk and set away make a fair substitute for a cream tester. "The thickness of the cream tells the story ina comparative way.Cleanliness is more Important thanmedicine for poultry.Plenty of buttermilk and clabbeisaves buying meat scraps.Sanitation is the great chick remedy. In other words, prevention.Patient attention to the little thingsis what makes success with poultry.Cull all your young chickens, keeping those nearest to the standard ofperfection.Late hatched chickens need as muchcare as early ones; don't think theycan rustle a living.The goose is a grazing bird, whilethe duck thrives with a limitedamount of green food.For table it pays to hatch chicksfrom February to November, but thenumber should be limited.If duck eggs are set under the hensfrom this time on, it will be best toxaaa the nest on the ground.Remember tht fowls that "lookalike" will attract better attentionand sell better than the hit and misskind.About the best remedy for scalylegs, which Is the work of parasites,is an application of melted lard andsulphur once a week.Drinking troughs need frequentlooking after' in summer. Nothing likea filthy water or feed trough to breeddisease ia hot weather.Feed less corn and other grain thanyou did during the winter. The birdsfeed largely on worms and Insectswhile they are running"on range.BILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.'r- T,9.'&-Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Cbe Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.ftiiWiiiiiaimWitfdyiVvj.r-. - . Xl4''.mv.1,14 3K. " "-- -fci.Skl4Jv. -" , "37y M-y-.i-'-3Emi !.,.."55!MM'JfcYTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., SEPTEMBER 2, 19137JIArS HftlR HEALTH ITHE FAVORITEW. N. Barkley " Mrs. W. N. BarklbWoman's Exchange & Caf112 N. Upper Street,ELECTRIC SPARKS.JRefined Women Givethe PreferenceThis i Lexington, KentuckyThe easiest way to keep your hair-youthful-looking, to prevent it fromTurning grey, is to use Hay's HairHealth. It gives absolute satisfactionind a few applications will restore natural color, give vitality to grey andladed hair and remove all traces ofDandruff. Beautiful natural colored,youthful-looking hair, more than anyTiiing else, contributes to a woman's-good looks.Hay's Hair Health is keeping thousands of women's hair glossy, naturalcolored and beautiful. You'll neverTegretfbuying it when you see the difference it makes in your appearance.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to theiollowing druggists and get a 50c. bot--tfeof Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.sake of Harfina Soap, for 50c; or ?1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two-25c cakes of Hwfina Soap Free, for 1,Li. oueraorler, Druggist, Pans, Ky...Hoine-inade Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickle ChowChow, Ptc, received fresh dail-.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allhours with the best the Lmarket affords.(28mar6mo)per Mil LOUSGent. $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,1251 Cheapside. Lexington, Ky.LJSSBJ3S .Not tin -bul.-WJ&b&N& Iamalgamated arc--ikjOSS I ROOFINGthe Lamp Oil thaiSaves EyesNothinir is more important in thehome than clear, steadjr light. Insurethis by fretting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the inferiortinkwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Lexington. Ky.Refinery at Warren, Fa. HI We sell the celebrated "No Carb" IAuto Oil. HNo matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rate is no higher thanwhen slate or metal is used.We authorize our agents to refund the moneyif our Roofing is not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, IllinoisEastern Nebraska has 250,000 hydroelectric power to develop.Oil well pumps in Texas are nowoperated by electric motors.Electrically generated ozone is usedfor preserving meats in Germany.Nearly 70 per cent, of the gasoleneautomobiles have adopted electric self-starters.The new wireless station at Ft.Myer, near Washington, has a rangeof over 5,000 miles.The Pennsylvania railroad has purchased a battery locomotive for yardwork at Altoona shops.-Some of the finest examples ofelectrically equipped coal mines are tobe found in Nova Scotia.Express packages in nearly all largerailway stations are now handled byelectric trucks and elevators.The Great Northern Railway company will install gas-electric motorcars for its short line work.In 1902 the first electric truck wasused in Boston. Now there are hundreds of electric trucks on the streetof that city.Of 10,000 towns in France havingmore than 1,000 inhabitants, about6,000 are without any public lighting.Of the remainder, 1,249 are lightedby gas, 2,763 by electricity and 172by acetylene.In two months 142 old houses werewired for electricity in the city of Nashville. It is a common error to believethat -a house built before the adventof electricity cannot be "wired withoutruining the walls and ceilings.nSold, by MiHersburgCqaJandLumber Cq."TiMJilfiersburgKy.lQs Marearet K. Laden,?!210 Maim Street, Lexington, Ky.Special Display of. Summer Hats,. .Moderate Prices44n4X44'lV414!44444444444444444444444 4444444444444444444444443 MOUNTAIN EXCURSION f.$ Tuesday, August 26, 1913"X Via 'Calsf ornia Special"3 T0 .3 "The Land of the Sky" and "Sapphire Country"ij Round Trip Fares From Georgetown, Ky. 43 ASHEVILLE, N. C .' $9.00 4- WAYNESVILLE. N. C 10.00 JHENDERSONVILLE, 1. C 10.00 JZj LAKE TOXAWAY, 2sT. C 11.00 41-. VARIABLE ROUTE FARES J,. Via Chattonooa Historic lookout Mountain enroute to and from4- final destination: S;1 ASHEVIUjE, N. C $10.50-4 WAYNESNILI"E, W. C ." 11.50 $HENDERSONNILLE H-50 45 LAKE TOXAWAY, N. C 12.50Return limit, Sept. 10, 1913. Liberal Stop-over privilegesTickets good on ' Carolina Special' ' leav- J"9 HHIHHaHlHi ino- Oenrfrpfown. Kv.. ts:5U X). m.. aiso on. & 0 .,-, ,..., .all regular trains August db, yi3.Eor full information, printed matter and 4. . t.Z., .-k-h1-. A-r noorocf Pjumgug sleeping car rebcivin-iuus, appij w .m. -Ticket Agent, or write: 4.H. C. KING, Pass, and Ticket Agt., 101 J-4 "R. Mni'n Street. Lexington. Ky.3 , W. A. BECKLER, Gen'l Pass. Agent,(C. X. O. & T. P. Ry.) and ciucinnati 0. 4Southern Railwav444444444444444444444444SOME POSTSCRIPTSThe world is estimated to have28,269,200 square miles of fertile land.Camphor will be cultivated In an experimental -way in Sumatra by several planters.A relief map of their city on a largescale is "being made for the use of London's blind.A Minnesota inventor has broughtout a box for transporting eggs sally by parcel postA Swiss hydroelectric plant will install a 16,000 horsepower turbine, thelargest in Europe.Pure milk will cling to a' needle dipped in it and withdrawn, while watered milk will not.Ductile metallic tungsten, which canbe drawn into fine wire, is now produced in electric furnaces.If concrete be first given a coat of aten per cent, solution of zinc sulphatepaint will adhere readily.Coal was used in England in theyear 850, in Belgium in 1198 and inChina less than a century later.1 One jaw of a new nut cracker hasj the usual rough surface, the other1 teeth to keep a nut from slipping.1i A corporation has been formed inCopenhagen to make a business ofcleaning and disinfecting telephones.FACTS AND FANCIESMiHMfliMHMHnifS Pans Odorless Cleaning Co.Hen's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks1, our specialty.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryAfter a man has learned what thereis in it for him he has little difficultyin making up his mind.Marriage is a sacred rite throughwhich a man subjects himself to a perpetual cross-examination.Men wish to talk about their work,women about their neighbors. Andboth are pretty tiresome.j They usually fall for it, but once inj a while the tremolo stop sustains a rei buff at the hands of a jury.Ii The -robbery of a poor man arousesj indignation. But the robbery of arich man merelv stimulates aDnlause.The advertising helps some, but themost effective agent of the safetyrazor is the barber who extends hispalm in the direction of customers.A Tiogo philosopher says that, asidefrom the fact that a few Mexicanshave been killed, he cannot see thatany great good is being accomplished.Education is a grand good thing,and people are beginning ta appreciate it. A good school teacher canmake ?50 a month for seven or eightmonths every year.The controversy over the attemptto get Harry Thaw out of Matteawanstrikes a new note. There was atime when any plan for getting at theThaw money was considered legitimate.Men's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up B. T. Phone 40. -Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.9iffiMHmV-VCAREFULLY THOUGHT OUTThe lazy man finds it easier to saythan do.The strength of a woman lies in theproper display of her weakness.- vIn some cases money is the" onlysugar that sweetens matrimony.It's simply impossible for any onto keep his happiness to himself.Truck Replaced Thte TeamsnIn eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden" wi? 37 17.20ths"3 nst carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs.- "We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.1 Two'and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthy01 notice. KisselKar Trucks post little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction..Note these striking KisselKar features Simpls engine easy to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck-four speed transmitters geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easy control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need.JCiSselJiar TJruckj1500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn'the "range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck Roes the KisselKar Service, which is themanufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A- special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Trucks in actual use in your line and many otherlines of business.ThePollowingr Lines o,f J business Have Recently,;,bought Kissel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry. Bakery, Confectionery, Tee, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suit theneeds ofany business. .LPhone 21 05.O. R. HUKLE,51 3 West Main Street,Lexington, Ky. ,MMMKHMMMMHiMlMilQHHHBPessimistic. .The best luck any man can have isnever to have been born; butthat seldom happens to anyone.NOOKFOR mHHHBHHhbhhWKjUnsightly Grey and Faded HairWhy not have beautiful, dark, glossy,natural colored hair, full of life andbeauty keep yourself young lookingand fascinating? Its so easy andBimple to do if you will get a bottle ofHay's Hair Health today. You'll noticea change after one or two applicationshow quickly the grey hairs vanishaow glossy, full of life and vitalityHay's Hair Health will keep your hair. !Don't waste time, get a bottle today. '-Your druggist is selling more Hay'sHair Health than all others, becausehe knows it's the most satisfactory,he nicest and cleanest to use andreally does restore color to grey hair.Free : Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25cjcake of Harfina Soan for 50n or -w nri1fcottle of Hay's Hair Health and twg5c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, forntucky State FairjSEPTEMBER 15 to 20, 1913The Kentucky State Fair will offer to the farmers;and livestock exhibitors an opportunity to exhibit theoest products of then farms and best specimens oflivestock and to the women an opportunity to displaytheir handiwork and cookery at the 1913 Fair, forwhich liberal premiums are offered.$30,000 in Premiums '6-BIG DAYS-6 Mrf BaiM BanFor Information, Entry Blanks, Catalog, Etc.. addressJ. Lu DENT, Secretary,705 PAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLEiL. OBERDORFER,Druggist,Paris, Ky.When you ?gnSvous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign vou need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills gjJJWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...Professional CardsDr. Win. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street,.Office Phones 0lel. ' t.Kosidpnce j !&.R. A. U SBLIiBK,Practicing-Physician, .Offices, Kooms A and 5, Elk'sxBld,gParis - - - KentuckyJT. WILLIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-tiAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Mr. Kentucky FarmerIf we told you of a crop'which brought a cash incomethe year around, made the soil richer every year and required noskilled labor to handle it,Wouldn't That Be The Crop For You?You have this opportunity. The Tri-State Butter CompanyCincinnati-, Ohio, will buy your cream the year around, pay spotcash for every shipment and give you a market thatis responsible,safe and permanent, and proven so to more than 5,000 shippers.No skilled labor is required to ship cream. Separate the milkvship when convenient to you twice a week in the summer seasonand not quite so often in the winter time.- -Every cow will pay cash for what she eats, yielding a revenueof from $50:00 to $90.00 per year, besides adding. 25. 00- worth offertility to your soil. .. v -7Ship your cream to-day, or' write, for?frtee trial cans?V,-T-:xv The Tri-State Butter Company, -Cinohnati, Ohio.' - Capital Stock $75,0Q.wi iv..V.A., ,'V,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 2, 19131liI? rj ?irn) l.-I??1 1VJ' I'i jHlr1?t i ij S)''11 ,SilisI Hi-Lfei at IfIisififiDEWS OF MILLERSBi;" Mr. Allen Mason has returnedTibiae after a visit to relatives inJfaxFYifle.weeks' visit to relatives atCity, Mo.KansasUNITED STATES-CIVILSERVICE EXAMINATIONS.Mr. Durward Mason returnedliome Sunday after a visit to relativesat Haysvilie.Miss Mary Shanklin returnedhome Satnrday after a visit to relatives in Mason county.Mr. William Baldwin, of Maysville, arrived Sunday as the guest ofhis sister, Mrs. B. H. Kerr.Mrs. W. T. Bedford and son havereturned to their home at Lexington,nffpr n visif. tn "Mr TVT "P Hnllipr nnrtiti. j-i. x. vuuuui, oj. uuiumuau, family.i uie. Kuesi oj. iier moi.ner, aiinrs.Itoeett Mitchell.Miss Alma Duke Jones left Monday for Cincinnati, where she will-enter the Conservatory of Music.Misses Gladys and Amelia Hurstleft Monday for Midway, where they the guest of Mrs. V. D. Barton fromwifi attend school.Mr: Tom Smith resigned his position at Jones Bros.' Saturday night.Mrs. R. E. Houston is the guestof relatives at Carlisle.Mr. John Morgan, of Carlisle, wasTke City School opened here Mon- day with Miss Elliott as lady principal, aad Miss Nannie Clark as assistant.--Misses Kerr, at Jefferson, Tack-)ett, at Purdy, and McDaniel, at McIL"vaine, entered upon their school duties 'Monday.Saturday , until Monday.YOU WILL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction by traing at(18-tf) FELD'S.JUDGMENT IN CONTESTCASE IN NICHOLAS.Circuit Judge L. P. Fryer has filedthe following judgment in the case ofH. N. Rankin against William T.Parker, a contest by the formeragainst the latter for the Democraticnomination of Sheriff of Nicholascounty, the certificate of nominationhaving been given Mr. Parker on theofficial count. The judgment is asfollows:"This contest coming on to beheard before the Judge of the Nicholas Circuit Court ad after hearingall of the evidence touching the legality of the votes in controversy andinspecting the ballots in controversythe court finds and adjudges that thecontestee, W. T. Parker, received ofthe legal votes cast 826 and the contestant, H. N. Rankin, received 817,making a majority of 9 votes for thecontestee, W. T. Parker. It is therefore considered and adjudged by the2r. Geo. F. Jones was taken tosSt. Joseph Hospital, in Lexington,Sunday, where he was operated on forr . . nfe miss ueien uianc nas accepted3 position as day operator at thentral Home Telephone Co.'s ex-i change and will enter upon her du-ijYties Sept. 15.Mr. John Mock continues about.ih sahne.Mrs. W. G. Dailey is improving.Miss Emma Duncan has returned-to iter home at Lexington after a visit"to Jiss Frances Burroughs.Quite a number from here attended lie Germantown Fair last week.ULr. Geo. Hill and family wereSnests of relatives at Cynthiana , court that the contest proceedings inborn Friday until Sunday. stituted by the contestant, H. N. Ran-i, ji -r i, ,, , kin, be, and it is hereby dismissed-Mr. and Mrs. Russell Powell and and the contestee, W. T. Parker, islittle son, Harold returned home Sun- adjudged to be the nominee of theday after a weeks visit to relatives Democratic party for the office of-at jatmana. - Sheriff of Nicholas county, Ky., andMr. S. HCreighton, of Indianap- f?tlte 1 have his n.ame Pla?ed onolis, lad., arrived here Saturday to the ballot as such nominee at the regjoin kis family, who have been the ular, November election, 1913. It isguests of Mrs. Belle Taylor and fam- further adjudged that the contestee,jjv fW. T. Parker, recover his cost hereinexpended." 'Mr. Jewel Smith has returned ' . .iome after a visit to his mother, at 'Wac, Texas.Mr. W. F. Saunders and familyleft Friday in their automobile for avisit to friends at Circleville, O.Miss Martha Smith is the guest of.JAiss Ruth Norris, at Dover, Ky.T-Mr. Alex Hawes, of Chicago, 111.,Is t&e guest of his mother, Mrs. Mattie Hawes."kfr- Toe f rl'lTT-'ll tt.Ill lo-rr '... uuj. iji. uaiuncu win icavc-today for a business trip to Calgary,Canada.Mr. M. M. Thompson returned"home Saturday after a prcpect-'n' tour through the West.Messrs. Will and Rob0,t CoUWreturned home Saturday after a twoFish Culturist (Male) $900 to $1,200per annum, Sept. 17.Laboratory Apprentice (Male) $480to 540" per annum, Sept. 17-18.Mr. Gay for another match and theto $$1,500 per annum, Sept. 17-18.Statistical Clerk $900 to $1,200 perannum.Assistant Engineer in Forest Products (Male) $1,200 to' $1,500, Sept.17-18.Preparator in Entomology, $60 permonth, Sept. 17-18.Preparator of Textiles (Female)$60. per month, Sept. 17.Assistant in Botanical LaboratoryWork (Male) $1,500, Sept. 17.Press Feeder (Female), $2.00 to$2.25 per diem, Sept. 17.Examiner of Surveys (Male) $1,200to $1,500 per annum, Sept. 17-18Structural Draftsman, First andSecond Class, $150 per month, Sept.17-18.Scientific Assistant, Graded $900 to$2,400 per annum, Oct. 15-16.Apprentice Fish Culturist (Male)Graded $600 to $,1,200, Oct. 8..Teacher of Metal Working and Mechanical Drawing (Male) $720 per annum and quarters, Oct. 8.Information as to places of examination, application blanks, etc., maybe obtained from the Civil ServiceCommission, Washington, D. C, orfrom I. I. Earhart, District Secretary,403 Government Bldg., Cincinnati, O.::FRESHMelons on Ice CantalopsString BeansFresR Tomatoes Sweet PeasEvergreen CornPeaches Cucumbers SquashAll Fresh and Nice xBoiled and Minced HamKeller Grocery CompanyColored Camp meeting!At TheBluegrass ParkSunday,September 7th5Rev. Quarles, Mg'r.Round-Trip Fare From Paris j, Only 75 Cents.L,Paris Book CompanycTHRS. C. D. WEBB, Prop.School Books and SchoolSupplies, Novelties, Etc.Ledgers, Journals, Pens, Inks.Btc. Magazines, "Maps,Globes, in fact everything that's found at a Book Store.Picture Framing Our Leading. . . Specialty ...WORK DONE WHEN PROMISEDiStage's Loss Literature's Gain.England's censorship of the dramacaused Fielding to turn from playwright to novel writing. Fielding began his literary career as a dramatist,CAUGHT A BAD COLOC '"Last winter my soa caught- a vwoad cold and the way he coughed wisomething dreadful," writes Mrs. Sarah B. Duncan, of Tipton, Iowa. "Weand by his political satires brought thought sure he was going into coaabout the establishment of the censor- sumption. We bought just one bs-.ship in 1737, the bill being introducedby Walpole, one of Fielding's victims.With play writing thus barred to him,he turned his attention to the novel.DIARRHOEA QUICKLY CURED."I was taken with diarrhoea andMr. Yorks, the merchant here, persuaded me to try a bottle of Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and DiarrhoeaRemedy.After taking one dose of it Iwas cured. It also cured others thatI gave it to," wries M. B. Gebhart,Oriole, Pa. That is not at all unusual. An ordinary attack of diarrhoea can almost invariably be curedby one or two doses of this remedy.For sale by all dealers.tie of Chamberlain's Cough Hemerand that one bottle stopped his cougatind cured his cold completely." FsrBale by all dealers.(Sept)NOTICE OF APPLICATION.Hon. Denis Dundon, Judge of Boarbon County Court, Hon. Victor Bradley, Commonwealth's Attorney, Ho.Robert D. Stout, Judge of the BourbastCircuit Court, and all others concera-! ed, will take notice that on TuesdaySept. 2, 1913, 1 will apply to the Boarmof Prison Commisioners for a parafrom the Penitentiary at Frankfort.(29-2tJ NAT GAY.Bourbon CollegeFor Young LadiesOpensTuesday, September gthPrimary, Preparatory and Collegiate Departments.Twelve in Faculty. All Specialists.Music, Art and Expression Unusually Strong.Bourbon College is situated on one of the highes1points in the City of Paris. Large and beautiful campus.Building fitted .up with all modern conveniencies andequipments.For Annual, address,Mrs. M. G Thomson, Principal,Paris, KentuckyHHtMMMtitmmiimtMnnmsxIHHlHHBBatmHBMflaVHBBBnaiMHHHadI ' -MARK DOWN SHOE SALEWe can outfit you with a dependablecamera at small expense.JTcrw'G-oirLe: Ojq.We Arc Compelled To Unload at Once!Our Store in crowded with Summer Footwear and rather than the risk ofcarrying these goods over to next season, we have decided to resort to thisgreat sacrifice sale. We are going to make this sale a record breaker.Of course it takes bargains, great, big rousing bargains to bring a crowd,and. this is just what we have to offer. Read the prices that follow:No. 2A PocketBP.0WNIMade by Kodak workmen in the Kodak factory and works likethe Kodaks. Pictures, 2jx4. Price, $7.00.Let us show you how easily you can make good pictures with oneof these simple cameras.DAUGHERTY BROS.,Misses' and Children's $2.50 values in button oxfords and two-straps, patent andgun metal. Mark-down PriceO 111 UULIUU JAT$1.69Misses' $1 .50 patent, tan, white and gun fffcjimetal pumps. Mark-down Price 77Children's $2.00 pumps.Mark-down Price$1.39Men's $4 Oxfords, tan, patent 'and gun metal,Walk-Over included. CO QCMark-down- Price WmiwMen's $3.50 Oxfords, in patent, gun metaland tan. CCi9 VIMark-down Price Dmmm l5yMen's $3 Oxfords in tan, patent and gun metal.Latest styles. CC1 QQMark-down Price 9 IhWWMen's $2.50 Oxfords inutton and H 4Alace. Mark-down Price 9 I WOne lot of Men's Oxfords, broken sizes,$2 and $3 values. Mark-downaPnce199cInfant's and Children's pumps and oxfordsin patent and tan, $1 values, sizes 2 to 7 M CkMark-down Price r "TrCLadies' $3 values, all latest style pumps and oxfordsin velvets, satin, tan and gun metaland white, the very bestvalues t1 GfcGfemade. Mark-down Price 9Misses' barefoot sandals, all sizes. Now 49cLadies' $3.50 values, all popular leathers and fabrics, in pumps and oxfords, buttonand lace. Mark-down Price &mmwT&3Ladies $2 and $2.50 grades two-strap pumps andoxfords in velvet and gun metal.Mark-down Price y 5 0Ladies' $2 pumps and oxfords in patent, gun metaland white pumps.Mark-down Price,.- mMmMmswm,S 7--2ZU XZOUt: HW-MH H" ,yfj&HflKHHHt kM&zm&mmu-4-2 iW 'mfkIF 1 ONLYnnw nwMONEYIN THEANKNOWQUIT THAT "GET RICH QUICKSPECULATIONn ro-rJrLadies' white canvas button shoes.Mark-down PriceOne lot small sizes ladies' oxfordsMark-down Price$1 .49 I50c I'Last year 1 had some money saved up," he said, "anir 1 naa Kept it m the Bank and, left it there it would be thereNOW, withmore added to it. But a stranger came along-if"1UU "j"wuuig ouueme dim i on. it i naa naa any sense ILwould have asked my BANKER about those cgood things?before 1 invested and LOST my money." - jlMake OUR bank YOUR bank , "r-,jEffh-..cwe pay o percent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OFPARI O3D -A. 1ST CO H E-3ST' Caflfal, $100,000.00.J. M HALL, Pukmdint!Srpk, $40,00030.C K. THOMAS, C4&&MH-H)