V'"- 'fr.BON NEWS.-PUBLISHED EVFBST TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR1V.yVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 25, 1913.BOURtrhLZ L nil5K IBiing Us YourWatch WorkWe're Efficient siWe are PromptTry us. 'wtn . j '.xdw""r,v5MMNMMMKSSMUEL1CArGOODS' OF ALL1watermelohsOnT. C. LEINIHAN.vHCash Grocery.3 ST&5l JIT.We are DeCerui'ned toSonneliiiuuS3? at the toUowtitg "ussio "the following SussiH:4Ti-3Km $25.00 Suits now . $16.50 mt74.m 22,50 Suits now ... 14.50 WM 20.00 Suits now . . . 13.50' if18.00 Suits now . . . 12.50 fg1 15.00 Suits now . . . 10.00 mNow is the time to get wellterial at less than others ask formStraw Hats atmmg boys' $5.0U KneelSikPR16E & 60. GiotmersmjeSHg xand FurnishersM"" .w-f-ci1 ESSENKINDS XIcejSell This Season'sw.&.Kivmmade Suits of all -wool ma- Qgginferior make. aV&kOne - Half Price Wm. . WMKant Suits tor $3.UU.mwmm.Mm&m&iHiifiliiCOUNTY ELECTION BOARDMAKES SELECTION OF OFFICERS.Tke County Board of Election Commissioners, composed of Sheriff A. S.Thompson and Messrs. R. KMcCar-ney and M. R. Jacooy, met in the couu-v onurh rnnm in t nnnvf Virii.5f .jesterady morninj and appointed etee-tion officers for itu primary electionAugust 2. IThe meeting was presided over byChairman Thompson and was open to Jthe public. The following officf-rs:jife appointed: jParis No. 1 D. D. Cline, D., GeorgeBeatly, R., judges, J. W. Hart, D slier-;iff, Thomas Kiser., D., clerkParis No. 2. W. H. Whitley, D.,Frank Roche, D., judges, N. A. Moore,R., sheriff, J. T. Burnett, D., clerk.Paris No. 3 J. Simms Wilson, D.,Harry Holt, D., judges, Alex Rice, D.,sheriff, Stamps Moore, R., clerk.Paris No. 4 Geo. Rassenfoss, D.,Pat Kane, R., judges, Harry MarshD., sheriff, Wm. Myall, D., clerk.Paris No. 5 T. P. Woods, D., HarryBaldwin, D.Judges, C. W. Larkin, R.,sheriff, J. T. Hedges, D., clerk.Paris No. 6 R. F. Clendenin, D., LeeBeall, D., judges, D. S. Henry, D.,judges, Ym. Harrison, R., clerk.Millersburg No. 1 Nat Collier, D.,Albert Moffett, R., judges, T. E. Savage, D., sheriff, Horace Purdy, PL,clerk. "Millersburg No. 2 W. S. Judy, D.,D. S. Allen, D., judges, Ed. Wagsheriff, Wm. Harrison, R., clerk.clerk.Little Rock No. 1 I. F. Crouch, D.,Cliff Dalzall, D., judges, P. L. McClure,D., sheriff, W. P. Thomas, R., clerk.Little Rock No. 2 Louis Taylor, D.,Robt. Carpenter, R., judges, W. P.Wornall, D., sheriff, L. R. Rogers, D.,clerk.North Middletown No. 1 Burt.Rash, D., G. N. Wilson, D., judges, S.4D. Patrick, R., sheriff, J. Walter Rice,D., clerk.North Middletown No. 2 W. B.Woodford, D., J. Will Bedford, D.,judges, Ben Woodford, D., sheriff,Wiley Bradburn, R., clerk.Clinton ville No. 1 Geo. W. Morrow,D., S. S. Weathers, R., judges, Varden Shipp, D., sheriff, W. K. Haley,D., clerk.Clintonvill No. 2 James Elliott, D.,C. V. Higgins, D.. judges, Geo. Pepper,Jtr, sheriff, Jas. F. Ingles, clerk.Hutchison No. 1 Julian Frank, D.,Robert Meteer, D., judges, ThomasNichols, D., sheriff, J. L. Jacoby, R.,clerk. zHutchison No. 2 J. B. Dejarnett, D.,W. W. Hall, D,. Forrest Letton, D.,sheriff, Frank White, clerk.Centerville No. 1 Hub Clifford, D.,B. F. Buckley, D., judges, GeorgeMcLeod, R., sheriff, Thos. Leach, D.,clerk.Centerville No. 2 J. M.-Ward, D.,T. H. Tarr, D., judges, J. M. Scott, D.,sheriff, Chas. Custer, D., clerk.Ruddles Mills No. 1 T. W. Current,D., W. W. Cherry, R., judges, Al.Roberts, D, sheriff, J. B. Cunningham,D., clerk.Ruddles Mills No. 2 W. G. Talbott,D., B. B. Marsh, D., judges, RobertRose, D., sheriff, J. S. Isgrig, D., clerk.BARGAINS FOR CASH.One lot mens' special Tan and Patent Oxfords, worth $4.00 and $5.00, now$2.90, cash only.(22-2t) GEO. McWILLIAMSPERMIT SECURED FOR NEWLOOSE LEAF WAREHOUSE.A permit to erect a warehouse onSouth Main street on the site of theproperty formery occupied by thebuilding of the Paris ManufacturingCo., was granted the Paris Loose LeafTobacco Warehouse Company by theCity Council at its meeting last night.The Council was petitioned by thecompany several weeks ago for permission to erect a warehouse in Barns'Addition adjoining the building of theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company., but objections entered by anumber of residents and property"holders in that vicinity was responsible for the refusal of the Council togrant the permit. Since that timeoptions on the property have been secured. Objections were enteredagainst the granting of the permitupon the present site, but the motionwas carried when the members of theCouncil voting a (tie, Mayor Hintoncasting the deciding vote in fvor ofI the proposition.J E. F. Spears & Sons, who recentlyI lost their mammoth grass seed clean-ing plant on Third street by fire, peti-tioned Council for a permit to erecta concrete building to be used as agrass seed cleaning plant on the Eastteenth and Sixteenth streets. A protest against it by several propertyholders in the neighborhood, was presented to the Council. A motion torefer the matter to the ImprovementCommittee lost when Mayor Hiritonbroke the tie by casting his voteaginst the motion. The pemit wasthen granted by a unanimous vote.Several other permits were grnted.Chairman W. L. Yerkes, of theBoard of Trustees of the MassieMemorial Hospital was present beforehe Council last night and announcedthe receipt of ten shares of stock inthe Union Pacific Railway, the giftto he hospital being made by Mrs.Jane Y. Rutherford, formerly of Paris,but who now resides in Versailles.Tlie Council extended a vote of thanlisto Mrs Rutherford for the gift.SCORES OF GIRLS ANDWOMEN PERISH IN FIRE.Fifty persons were killed, accordingto latest estimates, and many injured,a dozen or more mortally, in a fireIvhich sweDt the four-storv factorvIbuilding of the Binghampton ClothingCompany, Binghampton, New York,Tuesday afternoon. The victims were 'j chiefly women and girls. ,THS MD FUNERALTHOMSON.-After a brief illness from anacute attack of Brights' disease, Prof,Matthew G. Thomson, aged 63 years,died suddenly at his home in thiscity Tuesday morning at 8:30 o'clock.Prof. Thomson was born in Clarkcounty, near Thomson Station, in1850, and was educated at Transyl-vania, then Kentucky University, andthe university ol Michigan, at AnnArbor, Mich.After completing his college coursehe practiced law for two years in Mt.Sterling. In 1890 Prof. Thdmson wasmarried to Miss Ida Vanarsdale, ofHarrodsburg, who survives her husband, with an only child, Miss Catherine Thomson, both of whom werepresent when the end came.Prof. Thomson was widely knownas an educator of girls and as a cultured Christian, gentleman. His deathwas a great shock to his family andto the entire community, for it wasnot generally known that he was evenindisposed, as he had been confinedto his bed only since Sunday night.Previous to that time he was apparently in good health and had beenworking constntly during the summerin the interest of his school, even having a trip to Scott county plannedfor Tuesday.For twenty-four years Prof. Thomson was a successful instructor qfgirls, teaching at Hustonville and atNorth Middletown before coming toParis thirteen years ago, when hetook charge of Bourbon College, andhas conducted that institution withmarked success. Hundreds of youngwomen have been graduated from hisschools and are monuments to his conscientious, careful methods. With theassistance of his devoted wife he builtup a school of which Paris and Bourbon cbunty are justly proud, and hisinfluence for good will long be felt inJ this community. He was a deoutmember of the .Christian Church, andfor several years had occupied theoffice of elder in the Paris church.Besides his wife and daughter Jrof.Thomson is survived by two brothers,Dr. B. F. Thomson, of Mt. Sterling,and Mr. Joel Q. Thomson, of Walker,Mo. Also by a sister, Mrs. ThomasShirley, of Fort Scott, Kan.The funeral was held at BourbonCollege yesterday morning at 10o'clock, the services beig conducted byRev. W. E. Ellis, assisted by Rev.J.T. Sharrard. The burial took place inthe Paris cemetery.The 'following elders of the Christian Church acted as honorary pallbearers: John T. Hinton, W. O. Hinton, J. W. Hayden, J. T. Sharrard andThomas Henry Clay.The active pall-bearers were:Thomas Helm Clay, J. Will Thomas,fjpiHMBB8 m mmm &.mmmiimm& &mmmwmmMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to Meni"William Remington, H. Cay Hutchcraft, W. II. McMillan and BucknerWoodford.Judge Winfield Buckler, one ofthe leading attorneys of the Carlislebar, and an ex-Confederate veteran,for yers one" of the leading Democratsof Nicholas county, died at his home inCarlisle, Tuesday night, at 1:30 o'clock,after an illness of about three weeks.His wife survives.Miss Mabel Rash, 23 years of age,died of tuberculosis at the residenceof her grandfather, Mr. W. H. Mappin, in Lexingon, Tuesday, at 12o'clock. Miss Rash was the daughterof Mr. E. F. Rash, who died in thatcity a few months ago. She was bornand reared at North Middletown, Ky.She is survived by two brothers,Messrs. William Rash, of Lexineton.,and Flouney Rash, of North Middle-town. Tne iunerai services were heldat the residence, Wednesday afternoon!at 5 o'clock, and the body was taken toI North Middletown by way of Winches-'ter. Burial in North Middletown cem-tJtei, in me liunny lot-THIS WEEK ONLY.In order to run off our large stock oflard, we will offer for his week ouly:50 pounds Home Made Lard for ?6.0010 pounds Home-Made Lard for $1.30.These prices are for cash only.22-2t BALDWIN BROSrMATRIMONIAL NOTESCLARK-PRICE.Miss Sadie Clark, the DODularteacher of the school at Cunningham,I was married last Wednesday to Mr.J. R. Price, of Escondida, in thiscounty. The marriage ceremony Avas'performed in Cincinnati and the newscame as quite a surprise to the friends' of the contracting parties.j The bride is the daughter of Mr.and Mrs. James Clark, of Millersburg,and is a very atti active young woman.T3:e groom who was a widower withone child, is the proprietor of the general merchandise f.iore at Esccndida.lard is a prospcrou? and worthy gentleman. They wore accompanied toCincinnati by Mr. and Mrs. JamesiL:ter.iMODERN COTTAGE AT AUCTION.A well-located, modern and convenient cottage will be sold to the highestbidder on Tueeday, July 29th at 2 p.m. See Harris & Speakes about it. 2STORM INSURANCETornado and SHailInsurance- Nothingbut the best companies represented.Bedford Sc Bryan,Office Peoples Bank."WE KNOW HOW"If You Have$10 to SpendJust come to this store and invest it in oneof these two-piece Summer Suits which we areselling for a "Ten-Spot."If you want to see real values just glanceat our windows and you will be convinced thatwe can give you a better suit than can be purchased at any other store Jin town for a greatdeal more money.These suits are all well made and trimmed. Coats are 1-2 lined with light-weightalpaca. ' Trousers either plain or cuff bottoms, belt strap, medium peg top or ' regularshape. Sizes to fit anyone.Stetson Shoes andStetson HatsManhattan Shirts inbrightfsnappySpringstylesPARIS AND FRANKFORT TOPLAY NEXT SUNDAY.The team of the Paris Athletic Clubwill meet the Frankfort aggregation atWhite Park Sunday afterntfb and thgame will no doubt prove quite interesting. Several changes in the line-upof the Paris team has added greatstrength which is attested by the gameof last Sunday in which the Lexington Reserves were defeated by thescore of five to three. Curtis, whoheld the Lexington club down wvithfiv hits will be on the mound 'forPris.THIS WEEK ONLY.In order to run off our large stock, oflard, we will offer for his week oulys c50 pounds Home Made Lard for $6.0010 pounds Home-Made Lard for $1.30.These prices are for cash only.22-2t BALDWIN BROS".FOUR HUNDRED TELEPHpNESOUT IN 30URB0N COUNTY.3.Four hundred of the CumberlandTelephone instruments were put outof business las Saurday by the stormwhich swept his section and as a resul a large f,orce of men have been employed in getting the lines in shape.Manager H. H. Floyd, immediatelyafter it was ascertained the extent otdamage thes torm had wrought, immediately communicated with the headofficials and in less than twenty-fourhours fifty men were here going overthe lines and putting them in theirpopeiv. shape. The work was continued throughout the week and it isthe hope of the local managementto have all the damage repairedwithin the next ten days.THIS WEEK ONLY.lard, we will offer for his week ouly:.In order to run off our large stoclf of10 pounds Home-Made Lard for $1.30.These prices are for cash only.22-2t BALDWIN BROS.KELLER AND COLLINS MEETNEXT WEDNESDAY NIGHT.The interest of local sports -is entered on the coming boxing match atthe Grand Opera House next Wed-nesday night between "Blinky" Keller and Sailor Collins. The matchpromises to be one of the most interesting tha has ever been slated in thiSvcity. Both men have been engagedin active training for thex past twoweeks, with the result that they will-enter the ring in the pink of condition. Two good preliminaries are,promised, together with a wrestling $match.LADIES READ..One lot ladies' suede and velvetyone and two strap pumps, worth ?3.50and $4.00, now $1.90. Cash only.22-2t GEO. McWILLIAMS. -sParis, Kentucky4'ItiWnJi.ama.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,. KENTUCKY, JULY 5 1913--llKI'ilsI Ii .r. tr,t.1 '.WIs ''VHi1J J.?-i! iiIHm4hffW1 rt '5 i Junoes jfiaz sipp&atto GveryiSWomanNew models and exclusive patterns areshown at all times in our display of Women'sFootwear. Every pair of these Shoes alsoshow elegance of finish and grace in each particular line. We can give you fitting qualitiesin Shoes which cannot be excelled, and as toservice, it need only be said that our Shoes aremade by the best Shoe makers in the world.We can give them to you in widths as narrowas AA.We invite your inspection.IGeo. Mc WilliamsPhones 301The Shoe MaraHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and PridayOne Year. . . .2. 00 -Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time"!" 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl ei 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o? publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space a newspaper's stock intrad cu c of revenue.1m mmmmmm oth i msamam mmm dkANNOUNCEMENTS.Bourbon LaundryD4VIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street WnmobWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That iy whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes btfck on itp reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeAssi?Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.is'-r.4J.:MS.j.:.... .. rv '"-.-r tt-- -r;-... j. Evei'ybody is Goinsr to 1- aTire Blue Grass FairSix BigD&fs and NightsCom mencingMonday, Aug. 11The JN"ews is authorized to makethefollowing announcements, subiect' tothe action of the Democratic PrimaryAugust 2, 1913:For RepresentativeREUBEN HUTCHCRAPT.3?or State SenatorHOjST. J. WILL CLAYRUFUS HADDENFor Commonwealth's AttorneyVICTOR A. BRADLEYFor County ClerkPE ARCE PATONJ. WALTEKTPAYNEFor Police JudgeR. S. PORTERL. GRIN-NANTHOS. J. HOLLIDAYE. B. JANUARYFor CoronerGEO. M. KISERRUDOLPH DAVISFor MayorJ. T. HINTONJAS. M. O'BRIEN.For Police ChiefJ. C. ELGIN, Sr.W. F. LINKGEO. M. HILLBEN BISHOPGEO. "W. JUDYFor JailerJOSEPH FARRISW. O. BUTLERFor Coun oilmenFirst "WardWHITTINGTON MANN.GEO. D. SPEAKES.W. T. BROOKS.Second "Ward.W. O. HINTON.BRUCE MILLER.W A. WALLEN.WM, KENNEY,Third WardJACK WOODS. "For Assessor. "R. M. GI&iCEY. vL. B. Purneli; "Deputy.JOHN S. WIGGflS.Wm. Lynch, DeputyFor County Judgec a, McMillan.For County AttorneyGEO. BATTERTON.For MagistrateERNEST MARTIN, ParisL. J. 2RETWELL, ParisA. L. STEVENSON.ClintonvilleR. O. TURNER, Ruddles Mills.For SheriffW.F. TALBOTT,W. G. McCLSNTOCK, DeputyJ. O. MARSHALL, DeputyCHINESE HUSBAND!American Wife of Celestial FindsHim ideal.George Gould's 6ister-In-Law PraisesSpouse WhoCast Her Family andFriends Says Men of HerOwn Race Are Bores.San Francisco, Cal. "The worldmay give the laurel to the Americanhusband, but I am glad I married aChinaman. Of course, I can onlyspeak for myself and though I wouldnever take the responsibility of advising anyo'ne to marry as I did, yet Ihave certainly found that the Chinesemake ideal husbands."In missionary experience I foundthat there happiness is the rule, notthe exception. Divorce or separationare very rare. My home life is atleast the equal of any American homeI' have ever know."Mrs. Wong Sue You Clemens is acultured, well-educated white woman,the sister of Mrs. Howard Gould, whosix years ago became the wife of aChinese merchant. Her home todayis a little shop in the heart of SanFrancisco's Chinatown."I find the American men greatbores". They have no conversationalresources outside of their individualinterests. Their women are kept attheir wits end amusing and entertaining them."But the Chinese are very versatileand the most striking people in theworld. To them everything ha ameaning. For instance, 'this is a realbrotherhood table.' There are noedges to friendship, so the Chinesenever eat at 'square tables. It seemsa small thing, but there is a certainfineness and sentiment among the better class of Chinese which characterizes everything they do. Indeed, I haveonly one regret, that I did not have thecourage to take this step in my earlyyouth."Mrs. Wong has adopted the Chinesedress, which she likes as she likesI everything Chinece."To me there is nothing unusual inwhat I did," she continued. "TheChinese are the kindest people in theworld and their regard for women ismost reverent. Their ideal neverpermits a man to disrespect a womanwho respects herself. I think this ismore than we can say of our countrymen. "The Chinese woman is the mistressof her home and she Is as much acoquette, as much a side-stepper ofwhatever does not suit her, as herAmerican sisters. What is even more,the husband can not endure to see herdo physical labor."ifr. Wong is a suave, good-humored,easy-mannered oriental."I have not seen ray mother for sixyears. My family bitterly opposedmy marriage and I learn of them onlythrough others. I did not try to keepany of my friends. 1 knew I -vasostracized when I married my husband. But I do not think my loss isto be compared with my gain. Thislittle store, hvmg with the treasureswe dug lrom the ruins bounds myworld. But it is very rich, for it contains a friend. When husband andvife are perfect comrades they do notneed others. Only the unhappy aredissatisfied; we are supremely happy."If I had marrie'd 20 years ago instead of six we would have nothingi left to wish for."w-ji'iiyKiF& WQfflEfil ONIDoYon Feel.7cess eesassi.S3rs-iH '1Backache or HeanWLDragging Down Sensatf mli enrons DrainsIcndercess Low Doyh,It is because of some derangement or diseasedistinctly femiaine. Write Dr, E. V. Pierce'sFaculty at Invalids' Hotel, Buffalo, N. Y.Consultation is free and advice is strictly inconfidence.Br Pierce's 17avffliite Prescription2teSS5SZ3restores the health and spirits and removes thosepainful symptoms mentioned above. It has beensold by druggists fcr over 40 years, in fluid form,at $1.00 per pottle, giving general satisfaction. It cannow be had in tablet form, as modified by R.V. Pierce, M.D.J Sola hy RGetSSGsns D eaters or trSalbox zsimIi?XiBi:3-vw3233?S3Si2$$SS3S&A Burning Successis the coal from our yard. The fuel which wetake pride in selling to the good people of this cityand county.Splendid free-burning shaker screen coal.Every one says it is good. Lights easy, lasts long,makes a hot fire and has no equal in this market.BUY NOW FOR YOUR WINTER USEIF YOU ARE WISE.S &aoiioThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Both Phones 1 40grggar,Xgfe,X(fcygPeefooASK THE FARMERwho lias one, what wonders the Cumberland Tel Jephone works for him. He will reply:1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife -"3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated..jDOG SACRIFICES. ITS LIFLittle Canine Flakes Vain Attemnt idGREAT TORNADO SALESave Owner inHouse.Burningi&iBcrrea's Creates! Horse Show.6 Big Horse Stakes. Running: and Harness RacesDaily. $20,000 in Premiums. Splendid Display of Every Class of Live Stock.Liberates Concert &and -and CrancfOpera Company.High Class VaudevilleEvery Turrr aTree Acts Daily.Tiverybody from everywhereHike to the Blue Grass Fair.You may see all the rest,But come to Lexington to get the bestReduced Rates on AH Roads,for Catalog or further Information,, addressjjnrN w. tsirN. secretary,ft Lexington, KyWf r-Kentucky Fair C?ates.The following are the (Jates fixedfor hoWiag the Kentucky fairs in 1913as far as reported :Mt. Sterling, July 234 days.Harrodsbnrg, July 29 i days.Madisonville, Jaly 294 days.Uniontovrn, Aug. 5 5 days.Taylorsville, Aug. 54 days.Tri-County Fair (Carroll, Gallatin,Owen), Saunders, Aug. 6 4 days.Danville, Aug. 6 3 days.Blue Grass Fair, Lexington, Aug. 116 days.Mt. Vernon, Aug. 6 3 days.Winchester, Aug. 64 days.Berea, Aug. 7 3 days.Fern Creek (Buechel), Aug. 12 4days.Leitchfield, Aug. 123 days.Henderson, Aug. 12 5 days.Brodhead, Aug. 13 3 days.Perryville, Aug. 133 days.Vancehurg, Aug. 134 days.PARIS, AUG. 195 days.Hardmsburg, Aug. 193 days.Lawrenceburg, Aug. 19 4 days.Shepherdsville, Aug. 19 4 days.Erlaager, Aug. 20 4 days.Stanford, Aug. 203 'days.Ewing, Aug. 213 days.Eminence, Aug. 21 3 days.Elizabethtown, Aug. 263 days.Shelbyville, Aug. 264 daj's.London, Aug. 26 i days.Nicholasville, Aug. 26 3 days. IFlorence, Aug. 27 4 days.Germantown, Aug. 27 4 days.Alexandria, Sept. 2 5 days.Fulton, Sept. 2 5 days.Frankfort, Sept. 24 days..Somerset, Sept. 2 4 days.Bardstown, Sept. 3 4 days.Barboursville, Sept. 3 3 days.TompklnsYtl'o. Sept. 3 1 days.. 'Franklin, So 3 days.Hodgenvhlt . , . 93 days.Montfcelh, a; 9-r4 days.Morgantowr 'Sept. 113 days;Lornn. A touching story of a PomerahianSdog's vain atempt to savethe life ofMts owner, who was fatallyburned in a fye at Grosvenor-gardens-mewsrecently Is being told here,The victim oA the fire was Mrs.Southgate, youirgNvife of av chauffeurin the service of Ccttttfc Apponyl. Shewas seen by a poltesiQfcn. standing ta window with her cloths if flames. ,While the officer ,aiids chauffeurwere breaking down the Sft5ftt doorthe littleidog was seen jirmp&fcf tip atthe window, barking frantically. &ethen rushed back to his miatre's.8? a$(fiapparently attempted to put out i$r 'burning clothing with his paws. iWhen an entrance was effected the!woman was found to be in a dyingcondition and the little dog was dead, iTO-DAY'K,.ATh?'Pi'.3fc.......-4te-t-tf-tt-y 4Ti. DfipanmenCorner Seventh efrsd Main Sts,Twin Bi xBOY HELD AS BLACKftIAILER ' DjT &oodi, Ladies and Misses' Skirts Waists, Sh6s aiicfTelegraph Runner, Aged Fifteen, Confesses to Attempted ExtortionIn London.Millinery, Slightly Soiled, Big Safains.iWttmParis. A telegraph boy. aeed fif-teen, was arrested on a charge of at- !tempted DiacKmall. lie and his .comrades at a branch postoffice had beenin the habit of opening telegrams andreading them. In this wav the boylearned of an intrigue that was beingcarried on by a married woman. Hewrote demanding $30 as the price oZhis silence, bat his letter fell intothe hands "of the woman's uncle, whogave him in charge. The lad confessed, but the woman declined to prosecute.Four Years Without Water.Hornet, Cal. Charles R. Reickehoffof this place has touched neither water or any other kind of liquid thanthe juice of fruits for four years.Reickehoff, who is the wm of a millionaire living at Orange City, la.,came here some years ago determinedto live on nothing but fruit and nvts.He says he i in perfect health,It is not only lightning-proof but fire-proof andstorm-proof, too.CORTRIGHT METAL SHINGLESlast as long as the building and never" nerJ rnaVe'Just the thing for town or country buildincs. hepanc ktr1 meet every condition of comfort, beauty and security.?iix rnrir'T'"" -' " m&Av..vU" ..tjrm ,pfepJil W gf&c?Nn--UCk.For Sale- hymBest & Hawkins, iVlillersburv Ky.-'KLFtff.&jtH,3Hstok1fc-Aw, ;V-M4A.MWMHhMk'itiiil.-.P-If'ft'USfrSURPRISING CURE OF STOMACHTROUBLEit -When you have trouble with yourstomach or chronic constipation, don'timagine thatfyojir case is beyond helpjust bcanse-your doctor fails to giveyou relief. Mrs. G. Stengel, Plainfield,N. J., writes: "For over a month pastI have been troubled with my stomach.Everything I ate upset it terribly.One of Chamberlain's advertisingbooklets came to me. After readinga few of the letters from people whohad been cured by Chamberlain's Tablets, I decided to try them. I havetaken nearly three-fourths of a package of them and can now eat almosteverything that I want." For sale byall dealers.Some Devout Dogs.The following notice appears in theWeybridge (England) parish magazine: "A request has been made thatowners of dogs will endeavor to prevent their attendance at St. Michael'schurch. A collie, an Aberdeen, a foxterrier and some others have of latepresented themselves, not knowingthat they are not welcome visitors."You have tried Dundon for eightyears and you know he gives you badroads. Take a chance on a change.Vote for McMillan for County Judge.Master's Sale-0F-!5fr BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.John N. Steele, Extr. '..PlaintiffVs. NOTICE OF-fcALEjBailey Arkle, &c. - - - DefendantTinder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale renderedin the abovestyled action at the June, 1913, term.ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court, the undersigned Master Commissioner will sellat public auction, to the best and highest bidder, at the Court House door, inParis, Ky., onMONDAY, AUGUST 4, 1913,at about the hour of 11 o'clock, a. m.,the following described property:"A certain house and lot of groundin Paris, Ky., on Second street, front-'ing tnereon sixty tbuj leet ana run-,ning back therefrom 208 feet to the lotof Sandford Blackburn, and being the iproperty conveyed to Bailey Arkle byW. T. Brooks and others of record inDeed Book 69, page 125,less he lotsthat were conveyed by Bailey Arkle 'to Sandfor Blackburn by deed of rec-,ord in. Deed Book 73, page 72, and toGeo. JBlaekburn b3r deed of record inDeed Book 69, page 125, less the lotsdeeds-reference is made for more parlicularfdescription." Sad sale will be made upon creditsof s5x and twelve months for equalfparts of the purchase money purchaser"being required to execute bond forqual installments of the purchaseprice withgood security thereon, to beapproved Dy uie Piaster commissioner,payable to said Commissioner, bearinginterest at the rate of six per cent, perannum from date of sale and to remain a lien on the property sold until paid and to have the force and eftect of a judgment.c. a. McMillan,- M. F. Kenney, :I. C B. C CAuctioneer.Talbott & Whitley, Attorneys.July 18-25-Aug 1Master's SaleBOURDON CIRCUIT COURT.H. C. McCreary,J. W. Borchess,J. E. Borchess, doing businessunder the firm name of McCreary& Co PlaintiffsVs NOTICE OF SALE.B. E. Landis and the L. &N. Railroad Co., a Corporation DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale of the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the abovestyled action, at the June, 1913, term,the undersigned Master Commissionerwill sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder, at the CourtHouse door, in Paris, Ky., about thehour of 11 o'clock, onSATURDAY, JULY 26, 1913the following described property:"Seventeen horses and mules; sevenlarge scrapers and blacksmith, including all tools, etc."Said sale will be made upon creditof four months, purchaser or purchasers being required to executebond for the purchase price, with goodsecurity thereon, to be approved bythe Master Commissioner, payable tothe said Commissioner, and bearing interest at the rate of 6 per cent, perannum from date of sale until paid,said bonds having the force and effectof a replevin bond. Said sale will hemade to secure the plaintiff, H. C.McCreary & Co., for a judgment inthe sum of $1,658.25, with interestthereon at the rate of 6 per cent, perannum from the 19th day o f November, 1912, and the costs of this action,amounting to $ , and theundersigned Master Commissioner willsell the said personal propetrty or somuch thereof as may he necessary tosatisfy and discharge the plaintiff's' isaid claim of 1,658.25, with interestand costs.c a. McMillanM. C. 3. C. C."to- r1 cr tk rr ' mmn mm..SMALL COUNTYPROVDIEDFULTON COUNTY TUBERCULOSIS HOSPITAL, GLOVERSVILLE, N. Y.Ths j3 regiodejed farmhouse. The entire cost, the small farm included,was about $9,500. It provides accommodation for 13 incipient cases inwards and 4 advanced cases in separate rooms.The law creating the ZCtatucky IVberculosis Commission at the lafet legislature provides also a plan for theouuuing of "small hospitals throughoutthe state for the proper treatment ofHubercuftsis. The plan in brief is afollows: The Fiscal Court of anycounty may declare that county a district for the purpose of building a hos-f. pital. Or, by petition, the questionmay be submitted i'o a vote of the people at any regular election, and, ifcarried, it is then the duty of the Fiscal Court to declare the county a district Any group of" counties touchingone another may declare themselvesa single district for this purpose by aVote at any general election whichcarries in each of the counties involved. Then, under certain restrictions in the law, the State Commissionnames a considerable group of citizens, men and women, of the countyor counties involved, from whichgroup the judges of these countiesMine a District Board of TuberculosisHospital Trustees. This Board thenasks of the Fiscal Court funds to beraised in the regular levy of taxes.From these funds a site is selected,subject to the approval of the StateCommission, and then the Board pro-ceeds to erect the hospital. The StateCotpw ission is given a very gener.nloversight of the future activities of ,NOT DANGEROUS IN THE HOMEIN THE EARLY STAGESOF THE DISEASE.Important Information Regarding theProper Care of the Patient TheUse of Material Eating UtensilsCare of the Clothes.The home care of the consumptivein the beginning stage, under the supervision of a doctor or a nurse, is notdangerous to the other members ofthe household. The germs of the disease are almost wholly thrown off inthe discharges from the mouth andnose, and a uniformly careful collection and destruction of this materialwill prevent the spread of the germs"through the house. The consumptiveshould spit in a paper box or clothwhich can be burned. Paper napkinsshould be used instead of the ordinarycotton or linen handkerchiefs to wipethe nose and lips, and these napkinsshould be carefully burned. The consumptive should have his own set ofdishes, which should be washed separately in boiling water. His bed andtable linen should first be soaked in adisinfecting solution or boiled for halfan hour before being washed with therest of the family laundry. He shouldwash his hands carefully before andafter eating. He should never coughwithout a paper napkin held to hismouth,person.He should never kiss anotherThese are practically all ofthe precautions; but they are revryso difficult to observe day in and dayout that special sanataria for the ca'vcf consumptives are almost essential.Kentucky Tuberculosis Commission.ASHAMED!Lots of people seem proud to have appendicitis or nervous troubles becausethey think they are fashionable diseases, and are ashamed to be calledconsumptives because consumption isnot fashionable. Feeling this way,they neglect diagnosis and medicalcare when they first detect the signsof consumption, thinking that, by simple neglect, the disease will disappear of itself. It is well within thetruth to' say that 5,000 lives are sacrificed annuallly in the United Statesthrough this false pride. The onlything to be ashamed of in having acase of tuberculosis in the family iathe neglect of the disease and the consequent death of- the sufferer; andsuch neglect deserves round censurebecause it will probably involve morethan one person. Remember that anearly diagnosis of consumption increases the chance of cure a thousandfold. . .i SHI- - IHriHOSPITALSFOR KENTUCKYthe Board and the Construction and ,maintenance of the hospital. Patientsare to be received from the district,either free or for a weekly charge, according to their financial condition,and the cost of maintenance not metby these charges must be paid by thedistrict.This Is not so expensive a plan as itlooks. After the construction of a reasonably substantial building for thepurpose of administration, the cookingand serving of meals, and the housingof the nurses, the building or buildings for the actual housing of theconsumptives can be more cheaplyerected than those for any similar hospital purpose, because the patients aremade to live and sleep in the open air,or on verandas; very small, cheaplyconstructed buildings are sufficient forthe purpose. The whole campaignagainst tuberculosis is based, not onsympathy, but on economics. Prac-'tically all of the sufferers are between 'the ages of 15 and 50, nearly all of 'them housewives or wage-earners, and .many of them the parents of children.You can serve your community iand insui e yourself in no better way ithan by advocating the building ofsuch an institution. Every cent itcosts is more than returned by the dis-,tress it relieves and the poverty it pre-vents,REST!If the doctor says "Tuberculosis,"follow exactly his orders in regardto ventilation, food, exercise andrest. He knows better than you do.This is especially true in regard tothe rest and exercise, which haveto be carefully gauged for each patient and each stage of the disease.Until the disease is checked andmarked improvement in generalcondition and increased weight arenoticed, almost absolute rest is essential. The disease is one that destroys the "tissues of the body anduses up its energy rapidly. If youpersist in using up your energy bywork and exercise, the body hasnothing left to fight with. Bewarewhat the family medical books prescribe in the way of exercise forconsumptives. No one prescriptionwill answer for all esses, and thismay be the one where their general prescription will send you tothe grave-yard. If your responsibilities seem to make absolute rest fortwo or three or four months impossible, just remember that the progress of the disease will soon forceyou to it without the hope of recovery. Kentucky Tuberculosis Commission.DISPENSARIES!A free dispensary is a place keptopen certain hours of the week witha doctor and generally a nurse in attendance for the free examination ofthose who need its service. People ofmeans ought to go to their physiciansand pay the regular fee for such service. Inasmuch as physicians alwaysrender their services free to the needyanyway, they generally favor the dis'pensary as saving time. Sometimesthese dispensaries, or clinics, are' heldfor all diseases and sometimesfor especial classes of disease, such astuberculosis, or hook worm, or diseases of the eye, or nose and throat.Such a dispensary is an advantage tothe whole community. The needy feelless hesitation about going there whenill than about calling a physician; consequently maladies are often morequickly diagnosed and put under control, and the contagious diseases arethen prevented from spreading. Especially in the case of consumption, it iseasier to get an examination of thechildren of the family in a dispensarythan it is at home. The accurate information which can be better securedand tabulated in a dispensary thanelsewhere is of great service in anygeneral campaign for public health.A free dispensary can be cheaply started and maintained, because physiciansare always willing to give an hour 01two a week of their time to that work.Are you ready to give a little of yourmoney for it in case one is started inyour community?Kentucky Tuberculosis Commission.CANNON BALLS IN DREDGESParts of Colon Are Sown With Grape'shot and qther Relics ofOld Wars.Colon. If what engineers and others interested in the additional reclamation work on filled fields In Colon report is true, parts of the cityare fairly well salted with bombs andgrapeshot. A number of these havebeen dug up by a suction dredge whichis now excavating near the end of theslip, to the west of the new pier atCristobal".About half a dozen of the larger pro-jectlles and a peck of smaller ballswere found in the stone box of thedredga recently, and it is estimatedthatthetion fill east of East street, Colon. Theprojectiles were incrusted with a kind-StiifUHIXJ! concrete, made up of coraldeposits, sand and shells, to the thickness of two inches. Below this was acoating of rust, beneath the steel wasclean and well-preserved.The fifark 'O. R. TJ. D. 1862" wasfound In the? interior of some of thelargest projectiles. One when it wasopened contained black powder In astate of fair preservation.TWO OF GOTHAM'S NOTABLESxhs Old and the New Collector of theGreatPort cfYork.NewNew Yorkt At 11 o'clock, June 7th,only a few hours after his resignationas president of the board of aldermen,John Purroy Mitchell was sworn inby United , States CommissionerShields and took office as collector ofthe port of New York, succeeding William Loeb. (left) In reply to theformer collector's welcome of the"highest type of public official for theoffice" as he termed Mr. Mitchell, thelatter in part thanked Mr. Loeb forthe good feeling and the many suggestions and help received during thepast six weeks in preparing him forthe duties he was about to take upTwo New York Notables.where Mr. Loeb had left off, and promised to build up instead of tearingdown the structure Mr. Loeb hadbuilt around the office of the port collector of the great port of New York.OFFERS CHILDREN FOR SALEPoverty Stricken MotherTwo Giris and Baby$750 Each.AdvertisesBoy forBerlin. For several days variousnewspapers of Thuringia and elsewhere in central Germany have con-j tained an advertisement stating that r.mother offers to sell "a beautiful girlof fourteen, a handsome girl of fiveand a bonny baby boy ased one" for$750 apiece.An investigation shows that thewoman is a divorcee, who, despairingof making a livelihood for herself orher children, conceived the idea ofselling them. Only the eldest girl isa child of her divorced husband, thetwo younger children having been bornsince she lived apart from him.The authorities have decided towithdraw the children from their mother's care and to place them in insti-.tutions.MEETS AN INVINCIBLE TRIOBurglar Is Captured and Trussed Upby a Valet, a Plumber anda Maid.New York. A valet, a plumber anda maid servant In the home of AmosPinchot captured an alleged burglaras he was about to make off with several thousand dollars' worth of silver,according to the charge against him.They surprised the man as he wasleaving the residence and tied him upuntil detectives arrived. Mr. Pinchot1b at the home of his brother, GiffonlPinchot, former chief forester, in Milford, Pa. The prisoner said he wasCharles Clay, & soldier on furloughfrom Fort Hancock, Sandy Hook, N. J.Rattlesnake Kills Two Boys.Beach, K. D. kv"hen Mrs. Dave'Grant, whQ lives -near here, went tocall her two sons, aged five and seven,she found them dead in ped, with arattlesnake lying between them.When the boys retired the previousevening each hka complained that theRID YOUR CHILDREN OF WORMS.Jfou can change, fretful, ;ll-teinperedchildren into healthy, nappy youngsters by ridding them cf worms. Tossing, rolling, grinding of teeth, cryingwuu wane a&ieep, accompanied by intense thirst, pains in the stomach andboweis, feverishness and bad breathare symptoms that nidicate worms'ucKapoo worm Killer, a pleasant candy lozenge, expels the worms, regulates the bowels, restores your children to health and happiness. AirsJ. A. Brisben, of Elgin, 111., says: " "fhave used Kickapoo "Worm Killer foryears and it entirely rid my childrenOf worms. I would not be without it"Guaranteed. All druggists, or by mail.Price 25c. Kickapoo. Indian MedicineCo., Philadelphia and St. Louis.Easy Language to Learn.Only 20 or 30 words of the ancientFrankish tongue remain. This is submitted for the benefit of students whohave to take up a language.Therefore, Be Ready, v.Good comes to what is prepared forit. Horace Fletcher.Can't Keep It Secret.The splendid work of Chamberlain'sTablets is daily becoming more widely known. No such grand remedy forstomach and liver troubles has everbeen known. For sale by all dealers.Mean Insinuation.Woman writer holds you can traineye, voice and manner to deceive, butthat the hand tells the truth. Urn!And they always wear gloves. NewYork Evening Telegram.THE KING. OF. ALL LAXATIVES.)For constipation, headaches, indigestion and dyspepsia, use Dr. King'sNew Life Pills. Paul Mathulka, ofBuffalo, New York, says they are the"King of all laxatives. They are ablessing to all my family and I alwayskeep a box of them at home." Get abox and get well. Price 25c. Recommended by L. Oberdorfer and W. T.Brooks.And So Have Many Others. iJakes "Norway has a midnight !sun." Rakes "That's nothing. Sohave I." Baltimore American. 'World's Languages and Dialects. jThere are 3,424 languages and dia 'lects in use in the entire world. 1If you are satisfied with bad roads,keep Dundon in office. If you wantgood roads for the taxes you pay voteagainst him. Vote for McMillan forCounty Judge.POPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAYS -u tv T75cRoundTripSCENIC BEAUTYTickets sold at GEORGETOWN god onIy on Special Train leaving at 5 MtApply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further infonaatio,H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent;101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON; KY.GEO. W. E)AVISIIFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBiLMEE.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 1R7;NIGHT 299.Liiiiirt rMamiwrT ti "" -"-- -HP FETf raD r c i a. HI H illEros.' Department Store,701-703 Main Street, Corner Seventhi .See Our Window For$12.50, $15.00Reduced toA$9.98"vf"T!ieseSiiiUj arejinthej latest styles and colors ard rexcellent values. Take a j look at them. We aho.hjLTe afull line of Slices, Hats, Capf,Shirts and everything tkMen and Boys wear.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEPTJ.:.. .. LJ-WoHstcin,PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS INDIAN PILE OOrTMENTWill eure -Blind, Bleedinsr and Itcta PileIt atsorb3 tbe tumors allays itohiax at oeei m.4.o , u. pumiice, gives mstaat, rcutti.j For sale by all druggists, mail 5Cc .aiwL Jt-OOLVlUJAMSMrG.CO.,Props.,aeveteMl,, L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.Martin BrosFurniture Mmjng,, . City Transferand First-CaJssLiveryOur Facilities forHeavy Hauling isGood.Our Livery is as good as theother fellows. Horses fedby the week or month.We would appreciate ashare of your business.Prompt attention given allorders.Both Phones 260.MARTIN BROS..Eighth St.Paris, Kentucky?1913 model motor cycles and motoifboats at bargain prices, 2U makesbrand new machines, on easy monthly;payment plan. Get our proposition,before buying or you will regret italso bargains in used motor cycles.Write us to-day. Enclose stamp foijreply. Address, Lock Box 11, Trenton.Mich. julvl-2tFor Hent.Cottage of 5 rooms, newly paperecjand painted, inside and put. Electriclights, water and sewer connections,.Possession at once. Call Ease TerauPhone 34. tf ,75c IRoundTripOUTDOOR ENJOYMENTJMUSIC,-.-.m-.and $18.00 Suits?.rProprior.. ' 'imM:-F.-Kenney, Auc'tr.-(July. 11-18-25)other was pinching him.. - - ' ? .- -. .. r T atefirarrTr im'T v ' 1 j- Tftf J? -THE - BOURBON NEWS, PA&IS, BOURBON COUNTYr KY., JULY 2 5, 1913iTU iI.8 4"VI1fri-M34 JMcu v"1"fcL 1HL.IItnh! ti1 1ilIIIfiiMH,rihiThe Bourbon NewsEstablished .Feb. 1, 1881.iVIFT CHAMP, - Editor andPubllsherEntered at the Paris Kentucky Postoffice as Mail Matter of the SecondClass.)THE COUNTY JUDGESHIP.It will never do for the Legislatureto pass a law that an officer shall- holdoffice until he and his personal friendsiind a satisfactory successor. Therewould always be some objectionswhich he and his personal friendscould urge against making a change,yet we know f fom common experience3. new incumbent walks into office overthese objections and runs it as well or"better than his predecessor, bringingin. new blood and new energy and taking advantage of the mistakes that hispredecesor has made.Leaving these general statementsand coming to the more particular subject of the County Judgeship, JudgeTJundon and his immediate personalfriends (because the Judge prefers tostay in the office himself) find many-reasons to advance why C. A. McMillan should not succeed him. Theyeven go to the extremity, in the heatpolitical contest, to try to rise a question of qualification and fitness, speaking through their organ, the Paris Democrat. But everybody should understand this to be mere politics to deceive the voter, who does not knowthe real situation.C A, McMillan was appointed Master Commissioner of the Bourbon Circuit Court, upon the death of JudgeHussell Mann, by Judge Robt. L. Stout,two years ago. The people of Bourbonwill remember as filling this officeprior to Mr. McMillan's incumbencymen of such legal accomplishments,iigh standing and public esteem asRichard H. Hanson, E. M. Dickson ndJudge Russell Mann.There is no need to tell any unprejudiced voter more in order that he mayinow that Mr. McMillan is competent,jit and worthy of the office of CountyJudge.GOOD ROADS.The value of good roads to a countylike Bourbon can hardly be estimated.Toride over a good road is not only amater of comfort, but it saves time;it saves your animals; it saves yourbuggy and your horses' feet. If youare so fortunate as to have the luxuryof an outomobile it saves your tiresyour machinery generally.Becuse of these things it adds valueto the purchase price of your farm ifyou want to sell it, or the desirableness of it as a home if you wish tolive in it It will make your crops orfarming products more attractive to apurchaser if he can haul his purchasesover a good road from your farm tothe marketAgain, people from other States aretouring through Kentucky in automobiles in numbers that are astonishing,but they want a road that will notwreck their machines. All the roadsthat are kept in any kind of order areeagerly sought by them in order thatthey may take a look at Bourbon county. But under the miserable turnpikeconditions in this county now prevailing only a few roads are fit for thisand the rest of the farmers are cut offfrom the world as though they livedm the backwoods. These touring 'parties bring purchasers of farms withthem, and the farms along the favored jhighways go up in value either forsale or residence purposes. You pay ,the taxes which entitle you to goodroads. Having paid your taxes you ,are entitled to the benefit of good ,roads and the increased value of your jfarm if you wish to sell it or the en-.lanced convenience of it if you wish tooccupy it You are entitled to an accesibl.e and desirable location as far asxoads .are concerned because you pythe taxes to have these things.VOTE FOR BETTER PIKES.Editor Bourbon News:If you live in town your customersand friends who come from the country are entitled to a good road becausethey pay for it in taxes. It would beselfish to say that you do not have touse the turnpikes yourself and do notcare how you vote for that reasaonTou friends in the county have paidtheir part of the taxes. Do not lose interest in the subject simply becauseyou do not use the roads or use a roadthat happens to be repaired. What"bout your fellow-citizens in the country who must use the roads and whoIiave mean roads to travel? Is it nottime that you. were helping them outwith yourvote to see that they get-what they pay for? This is a seriousquestion and every business man andpublic-spirited iman and every unselfishman in Bourbon county, as well asevery man who has to use bad pikes,should record his vote against an administration which has done nothingand promises nothing in the way ofhetering our turnpikes. With JudgeDundon staj'ing in his office practicinglaw and his Turnpike Supervisor staying in a tobacco warehouse buying toImicco, what can beexpected so far asour turnpikes are concerned? Let'stake a start. Let's put in a new man.and let him understand we made thehange because the people of Bourboncounty mean to have their turnpikeslooked after and their roads put ingood condition and that the Judge whodoesn't see to this cannot hold theoffice.A FARMER.-!G SALE OF BOURBON, CATTLE MADE THIS WEEK.The largest sale of cattle made inBourbon, county this season was conwtmated Wednesday when J. HalWoodford gold to H. srCaywood, forSwift & Compamy, eighty head of fatcattle that averaged 1,430 pounds atIgat cents per pound. The catttle-jokm Woodford also sold to the samewr bought for immediate delivery.Itmyr for Swift & Companyfortyperm jsed at the siirae price.Se JL - ' 111 jZt-lL l I TV wl WfO If V.1 I; if il '- -- . ..Tax Payer "Please tell Judge Dundon that I want to see him."Servant "The Jedge ain't finished his morning nap yit."Tax Payer "Tell the Judge I came fifteen miles to town and been herethree or four hours waiting to seehim."Servant "Can't help it, boss! You will have to wait until 10 o'clock.The Judge don' allow us to disturb his rest before 10 o'clock."Tax Payer "But I can't wait anywork.I have got to see him and getServant "Can't help jt, boss!wake him up before 10 o'cjock."CAR INSPECTOR BECOMES ILLAND IS TAKEN TO HOSPITAL.Mr. Mike Shea, car inspector, employed by the Louisville & Nashvillebecame suddenly ill Wednesday morn-ing while attending to his duties at theL. & N. passenger depot, and fell in afaint on the concrete sidewalk. Mr.Shea was taken to his home on WestSecond street, but upon the adviceof his physician, was removed to theMassie Hospital. Mr. Shea is one ofthe oldest employes of the road inthis city and has been employed ascar inspector for a number of years.His condition is not considered serious. APPLICANTS FOR THE GARTHFUND TAKE EXAMINATIONS.Examination for the Garth Fundhave been going on at the court housesince Wednesday, when twenty-sevenof the old beneficiaries applied for reappointment. Prof. E. M . Costello,who has been at North Middletownspending his vacation came to thiscity Wednesday and conducted theexaminations. New applicants forthe fund were examined yesterday.Where a County Judge does notcome to his office before 9 or 1 Oor 1 1 o9clGCiz-ltn. fj?e morning andthen has his private Saw business toattend to9 has he real&y time to f IIIthe office of County Judge furtherthan to draw the salary?ESCONDIDA ITEMS.Mrs. Mary Talbott has been on thesick list the past week.-Miss Frances Lykins spent several,io w;fi, Do,;, f,.;lro inof w:a c wo o.ou y .Messrs Forest Brooks and J.C.Thomas attended Mt. Sterling court.Mr. Jas. Belden spent the weekwith his parents in Rockcastle county.Miss Bettie Price, of Cowan, visited her brother, J. R. Price, last weekAir. J. R. Price and bride will re-'turn this week from an extended brid- F0R CUTS, BURNS AND BRUISES.al tour.I In every home there should be a boxThe windstom Saturday did con- of Bucklen's Arnica Saive, ready tosiderable damage in this vicinity, de- apply in every case of burns, cuts,stroying trees and putting telephones wounds or scalds. J. H. Polanco, Delout of commission. valle, Tex., R. No 2. writes: "Bucklen's Arnica Salve saved my littleMisses Mane Smith and Aileen giris cut foot. No one believed itBarnes spent the past week with the COuld be cured." The world's TiptMisses vBaker, returning to their homein Cynthiana Sunday.A vote for Denis Dundon is aratification of the miserable turnpike system of Bourbon County.'A vote against Denis Dundon is aprotest against the wretched turnpikes of Bourbon County.GROCERYMAN SEVERELYINJURED BY FALL.Mr. A. W. Cottingham, a member ofthe firm of Cottingham & Jameson,who conduct a grocery on South Main,met with a painful accident Tuesdayafternooon, in which he sustained abadly wrenched shoulder and hip. Mr.Cottingham was standing on a boxreaching for an article on one of theway precipitating him to the cementfloor of the store. At first it wasthought he had sustained a broken hip.He was removed to his home where aphysician was summoned and upon acareful examination it was found thatno bones were broken. Whie suffering considerably from the injury, heis recovering rapidly.! Sight Yeats Bad RoadsTry 6 A. McMilIanFourI can't lose a whole day'sback home and go to work."Jedge Dundon don't allow nobody toRELIGIOUS.The following communication hasbeen received by the News:The County Convention of the Bible Schools of the Chhurch of Crist inBourbon county will meet at Nort Middletown, Wednesday, August 27. TheBourbon and Blue Grass Fairs will bythat time be over. The election willhave passedand the county majorityof public schools will foot have begun.It will doubtless be a season of comparative quiet. It is urged that theBible schools as a whole and as individuals, In making out their calendarfor the last week in August will setapart this day, Wednesday, August 27,anr devote it to the interests of thisConvention.THIS WEEK. ONLY.In order to run off our large stock .oflard we will offer for this week only50 pounds home made lard for $6.00.10 pounds Home made lard for $1.30.These prices are for cash only.22-2t BALDWIN BROS.NEGRO BLACKSMITH STABBEDBY WOMAN LOSES AN ARM.j "Joe Roy, the negro blacksmith em-gd at the construction camp ofDum & Carlan, on the Louisville andNashvilleRailroad, near Austerlitz,who was stabbed in the arm by a woman Sunday morning and later takento the Good Samaritan Hospital, inLexington, was subjected to an operatoin Tuesday afternoon for the removal ot his right arm. The memberwas amputated iust above he elhou-.salve. Only 25c. Recommended byL. Oberdorfer and W. T. Brooks.LITTLE GIRL'S FOOT BADLYLACERATED BY GLASS.The Carlisle Advocate has the following regarding a little- Bourbon countygirl who was injured in that city several days ago: ' l"The little twelve-year-old daughterof Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Wind, who ishere on a visit with her grandparents,Jmes Dinsmore and wife, ws severelyinjured Sunday by jumping on broken.glass, and badly lacerating a foot.The attending physician claimed itwas about the worst injury from thiscuse coming under his practice inmany years."I you want good roads vote for achang. Try McMillan for CountyJudge.longer.Years.7 . 'K OF M1LLERSBURMiss Lucille Dalzell, of Lexington,is the guest of her auntMrs. DennisMcMahan.1 Miss JJorotny .feed lert xvionaayfor Birmingham, Ala., to take the J1 State examination in the Public Schoolwork. It will be remembered that she lme ana means tor any cause or pbhas been teaching in the graded c benefitschools of 'that city for the past several years.Mesrs.'w. S. Judy and J. O. Red-mon atended the Mt. Sterling Fair onWednesday. Mr. and Mrs. W F. SaunSaunders and guests, Mr. and Mrs.Dunlap, the latter of Circlevlle, O.,were in attendance Thursday. Mrs.Minnie C. Hurst and daughters, MissesGladys and Amelia Hurst, and guests,M.iss Nettie McClanahan, of Kansas,Mrs. O. E. Hurst, Mr. and Mrs. T. W.Current and son, H, C. Current, arein attendance to-day.FANCY HONEY."--Just received 500 pounds of fancyhoney. Phone in your order.C. P. COOK & CO.SNAPP LIKELY TO RECOVER.Fletcher Snapp, the young man whowas badly injured at the home of hisfather, Jacob Snapp, in Nicholas county, when his sister, MissEtta Snapp,was killed by a bolt of lightning whichstruck the house, is very much improved and will probably recover.APPOINTED NOTARY PUBLIC.Mr. Robert Rose, the popular clerkto Master Mechanic E. H. Gorey, ofthe Louisville and Nashville, was lastweek commissioned a notary public.HOLLAR WILL PROBATEDIN NICHOLAS COURT.B. F. Hollar, 83, who died in Nicholas county recently, left his property,subject to a few bequests,to his sister,Mrs. Mary Morris, by a will dated February 26, 1894, which has just beenprobated here. Mr. Hollar, whose estate consists of considerable cash andreal estate, was a very unique character. It is said that he was neverover seven miles from the place wherehe was born; that he never rode in abuggy; never saw a train; never wasin Carlisle, the county seat, and nevercut his hair or shaved.KENTUCKY MULES IN DEMAND.Kentucky mules are in large demandand prices are very, attractive. Numerous sales of work mules have beenmade recently at prices varying from$325 to $550 per pair. The State isalso upholding its fame for fine jacksand jennets. Buyers in great numbershave come to the State to make pur -chases of ebredingstock to be used toimprove the wok stock in other States,A yearling jack raised in Montgomerycounty was recently sold for $800. Cypress from Twelfth to S. EndHenry Letton. of Nicholas county, sold I Twelfth from Cypress to High...!a fine suckling mule mare for $150.M PYTHIAN GRAND LODGE HOLDSREMARKABLE SESSION.The Colored Pythian Grand Lodgewhich has been in session here during the week brings to this city someof the leading business and professional men of the race.The sessions have been held- Iin 'cellor A. L. Garvin's report was greet-ed with applause. The financial condition of the Grand Lodge is excelthings reported by the Grand Keeperof Records and Seals we noted that theGrand Lodge had invested in ParisCity School Bonds $13,000 and Bourbon County Bonds $8,000. The "totalresources reported were $57,551.52.The evening session was held at theMethodist Chureh on High street.The address of welcome was delivered Prof Chapman, acting Mayor. Response by Dr. J. A. C. Lattimore, ofLouisville. Short addresses were delivered by F. M. Wood, Principal ofParis Colored City School, Dr. H. R.Taylor, Versailles, Miss M. R. Murray,Paris, and Miss Merriwether, Masterof Ceremonies. Dr. Wm. Russell alsointroduced Grand Chancellor A. L.Garvin, the " Grand CounsellorMrs. Munday, Henderson. The musical selections were furnished by localtalent and was worth of great praise.Wednesday Morning President G.P. Russell of Frankfort Normal Institute, was introduced to the Pythiansand reported that in less than 12months he had cleared a debt fromthe institution amounting to $5,000.Rev. P. H. Kennedy, of Hendersonmade an appeal for State "University,Louisville1, nd received $15.Afternoon Session All officers werere-elected with the exception of theoffice of Grand Marshall, which wasgiven a Paris Knight, E L. Martin.After a spirited debate Dr. T. T. Wendall, of Lexington, and Gen. W. W.Wilson, of Frankfort, were elected Supreme Representatives. A cbmmitteeof ladies from Court of Calenhebrought greetings to the Grand Lodge.The next meeting place will be Covington, Ky.Evening Session Memorial exercises were held at he Christian Church,where special addresses were deliveedby delegates representing every department of the Grand Lodge, Rev.J. M. Munday serving as Master ofCeremonies.Thursday, Gala Day Yesterday wasGala Day and brought to Paris a largecrowd from surrounding towns, andeven Louisville being represented.Several bands took part in the paradewhich ended with a picnic at the fairgrounds!Friday To-day is the closing day.There will be reports of committeesand settlement of accounts. The GrandLodge is to be commended for the excellent condition of the finances. Ifbusiness like methods are continued,it will serve to eliminate a greatamount of confusion and will createthe true spirit of Pythianism and serveto cement bonds of. true fraternalfriendship. Sorry that space will notpermit us to give more space o theproceedings of the session. ,LEE Lt BROWN,Grand ReporterLouisville, Ky. .J GOOD RESULTS ACHIEVEDThe claim made by Mr. J. T. Hintonfor the nomination for the office ofMayor Is based on his past recordand his manifest interest in the city'swelfare.For many years he has had an ac-tlve interest in public affairs and hasbeen willing to contribute from hisne nas several times nnea publicoffices and his ability and fitness forpublic service are best shown bywhat he has achieved in the dischargeof the public duties imposed uponhim.During his present administration asMayor he has built nearly three milesof entirely new streets, including partsor all of the following streets:NEW STREETS.No. FeetHouston Avenue Extension , 500Parrish Avenue 950.Harmon Street 500Boone r 1,000Virginia 675Sixteenth 1,050Clifton , 750Brent Avenue 460Link 1,150Thomas Avenue Z 825High, Fourteenth to Boone ,. 665Lilleston Annex 200Short, Cypress to West 775Seventh, Pleasant to East End 450Railroad Street , 350Barnes Avenue 1 225Fifteenth Street, Cypress toWest'End 20oFithian 1,000St. Elizabeth . 525Cameron ' 450Maysville 90013,100He had reconstructed about ninemiles of old street that had been leftin a most deplorable condition andthese are now in as good condition asentirely new construction and includeall or parts of the following streets:RECONSTRUCTED STREETS.No. FeetMain from Fourteenth to Clin-tonville 1. 5,000Second from Main to Chapman 2.040Pleasant from Second to 12th 2,850High from Fifth to Fourteenths 2,700High from Boone to Sixteenth... 1,350East Main from Middletown toBridge 3,485Chappell from Mt. Airy to Second 450Massie from Vine to Maysville.. 1,300Stoner from Pleasant to East End 1,950Vine from Stoner to Claysville 3,900i Winnie from Vine to End 450Lilleston from Williams to WestEnd 025Williams from Eighth to Marshall r 2,025Marshall from Higgins to WestEnd G50Hanson from Thomas to Marshall 1.100j Thomas from Williams to Hanson 400Eighth from IVfain to BriJge 2,175Houston irom eventn to Bridge 640, Seventh from Pleasant to Hous-ton 1,050i Tenth from Main to Vine 1,275Henderson from Seventh to 8th6004.700450250250940525600, Thirteenth from High to Mainnieventn irom iign to MainNineteentn irom Mam to J. Ji.ndi Fourth from Main to Railroad"Sixth from High to PleasantDuncan from Pleasant to Vine.950Scott from Duncan to East End 2,300Houston from Second to Mt. Airy 600High from Second to Creek 450Eighth from Main to Pleasant.. 25045,760sevenBesides these somesix or' Trnloc rF V10 otrootc hoiro Viqqti lrrrf In""vyM jj. iu ui.luj uui U'-tu ncpi. lit.excellent repair, and the daily sweeping on Main Street included.Plans are formed to resurface MainStreet, which on account of the inefficient construction and expiration ofthe guarantee of the constructing company must now be takecare of at thecity's expense instead of being in excellent condition for the next 10 or 12years as it should be if it had beenlaid according to the specifications under which the contract was taken bythe former administration.There have been about a mile of adWfWINDl?wINSURANCEFireILightning(US -:..TWI0512 Big Companies"3 1 TTditions to the saaitaVy and iwrfacesewers on the following streets:SANITARY & STORM SBWERSi S' -t-,..,. . f'No.eefc.Fithian Avenue from Hospital'to routlet - x.fl;50QSycamore to Seventh X-50OBoone Street III 60OThornton Division.. "J 350?Pleasant Street j ''" 2tf()iCypress Street -. " gQ,Lilleston Avenue Lr 450Mt. Airy Avenue (not yet complete : 75(r'4,430An extensive trunk line addition tothe sanitary sewer is planned to bebegun this summer to reach all theEastern portion of the city.A new electric motor has been installed at the rock quarry giving up levdate service at less cost.It has been largely through Mr. Hinton's influence that the natural gas.contract has been secured and workbegun on the laying of the supplyline.It is planned to purchase at once a:new auto fire truck.Numerous lights and fire hydrantshave been added in the rapidly growing outer districts of the city.Every need for the comfort and protection of the citizens has been wellcared for, although the tax rate has:been reduced 20 cents and the schoolfund increased 40 per cent, and a fundestablished to take care of the newhospital which has been established?and opened during this administration.These are some of the things that,have been accomplished during McHinton's present term of office.What has already been done Is thebest evidence to be had that the plans,made for the future will be carried outas successfully and as economically as.has been done in the pastBesides these things, and many otherthings of importance to the city, Mr..Hinton has used his good business,judgment in many other ways to ben-,efit the city aside from his duties asMayor.He purchased the present sites ofthe white and colored schools on hissown responsibility in order that thecity might have the opportunity to secure them and without any profit tohim, thus giving both the ideal situations which they now have and takingsthe colored school out of East Parisand placing it near the homes of thecolored people and avoiding the crowding of the business portion of Maia.Street with the school children.The former city school building andtother public buildings, and many orthe" business and residence buildingshave been erected either by Mr. Hinton.or under his supervision without anycompensation for any of the work:done for the public.Hehae for over fifty years made his.investments in the City of Paris andhas added mdre substantial improvements to the property than any otherone person. His whole interest-is soclosely identified with that of the citythat he has a constant incentive tosecure for the community at all times,the very greatest benefit possible.Several years ago he was asked totake the presidency of the Paris Cemetery, without any salary or dividendor other pay, at" a time when the Cemetery had a debt of $4,000. By hisusual careful management the debt hasbeen paid and the Cemetery Company-'now has a fund of about $12,000 in,good securities, the income of whichis all expended on the grounds,, and.it has been a place of credit to the?communitj'.It is well known throughout the citythat Mr. Hinton's policy in the expenditure of the public funds has alwaysbeen to secure the fullest value forthe prices paid as though he werespending his own money.Nine hundred dollars per yeaft- has,been saved on the expense of collecting taxes and the street lighting contract has been reduced over $1,000.These with other things have madeit possible to reduce the tax rate.There should be no question as toMr. Hinton's ability and fitness forthe office and every man with the(Continued On Page Eight.)a..mwwandWOMBDF k,. s?nx. t.'-wfrWt.jj&SyJ sflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY.JULY 25, 1913W!h-?iV,AmHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEDAMAGED BY CYCLONE. We had a big Sot ofmattresses damagedoy the Cyclone thatwe want to CLOSEOUT ATONCE. Nothing damaged hut thecover. Tor cash youcan get one of thebest bargains in thisline ever offered inParis. Come in earlyas they will go fast.J. T. HINTON.NATURAL GAS COMPANYLEASES QUARTERS IN PARIS.The Central Kentucky Natural GasCompany Wednesday closed a dealwith Mr. B. A. Fank, agent for theheirs of L. Frank, for a ten-year leaseon the business property on Mainstreet occupied by the National FiveJones, proprietor of the store hasleased the property occupied by theFee Grocery Co. and will move hisstock to it as soon as he can securepossession.A $20 BLUE SERGE SUITIs right for wear right now.Our2 serge is thoroughly good.J. W. DAVIS & COTHIS WEEK ONLY.In order to run off our large stock of50 pounds Home Made Lard for 6.0010 pounds Home-Made Lard for 1.30.These prices are for cash only.22-2t BALDWIN BROS.BROTHER PRESENTEDWITH AUTOMOBILE.The Berry Citizen says"Grover Rankin is nov the qroudpossessor of a new Ford runabout a-u-fji1tomobile, a present from his brother,Dr. Geo. Rankm, of Pans. Dr. Rank-in could not have bestowed a gift on a imore deserving young man whho, of jcourse, is receiving congratulations at !ever turned by his numerous friends as (Jiis good luck in having such a devotedand charitable brother."Special prices onFurnitcsre, See CreamFreezers and PorchShades. Old t-ttck.QryFurniture goes atcost.tf E. Ml. WrlEELER,A FEW SHIRTS.You'll want to take them along withyou on your trip. We recommend thesoft summer sousettes. at S1.50 and 2.k. a- J- w- DAVIS & c0-PARIS BOOSTERS ATTENDTHE MT. STERLING FAIR.Messrs. J. w. necK, Jjames hukui,Wm. Lynch, Secretary Jonn Wig-gins, President Jas. M. Hall, of theBourbon County Agricultural Society,and J. Miller Ward, attended the fairat Mt. Sterling yesterday. The partywent over to boost the old BourbonFair to be held in this city the weekbeginning August 19.NICE HOME FOR SALE.Any one in the market for a nicehome in a good neighborhood shouldattend the sale of the C. L. Bobbittcottage on High street, between lothand 16th streets, July 29th, at 2 p.jn. 22-2tEDUCATIONAL BOARDTO MEET SATURDAY.The following Division Boards willmeet Saturday at the court house fortbe pnrpose of electing teachers tofill vacancies in the county: DivisionBoard of Educational Division No 1will meet at 2 o'clock; No. 2 at 2:30o'clock; No. 3 at 10 o'clock, and No.6 at 3 o'clock.INSURE.Ensure your tobaccowith W. O- Hfnton)against hail. 2fcREAL ESTATE FIRM SELLSATTRACTIVE BUILDING LOT.The real estate firm of Harris &Speakes sold Wednesday for Mrs.Emma Kennedy, who resides in California, an attractive building lot located on Walker avenue to Mr. M.E. McCurdy. The price paid was $600cash. Messrs. Harris & Speakes haveopened a branch office in Carlisle andwhich is in charge of Mr. Ray Harris,son of the senior member of the firm.TRAVELERS' LUGGAGE.Is our specialty. A dandy soleleather, linen-lined suit case at $7.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.iFIRE BREAKS OUT INBALDWIN BROS.' GROCERY.Fire, which is believed to have originated from defective electric wiring-roke out Tuesday night about 10:30o'clock in the grocery store of Baldwin Bros.' at the corner of Main andSeventh streets. The fire was discovered by ,night watchman Ben Spearswhie making his rounds, and who turned in, an alarm. The department wassoon on the .scene and had the blazeunder control. The building, which isowned by Mr. Louis Saloshin, whilethe grocery firm sustained a .slightloss to a quantity of surplus stock.z.fire, .wind ami Kghtning insurance. - Thomas & Woodford.SOCIAL Hi PERSONALMr. and Mrs. Richard Welling arevisiting friends in Govjngton.Mr. Chas. Shea, of Cincinnati, isvisiting relatives in this city.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraaft' was a visitor in Lexington Tuesday.I Miss Ida Thomas left Thursdayfor a visit to friends at Detroit, Mich.Mr. T. C. Lenihan has eturnedfrom a week's visit to Swange Springs.Mrs. Peter Terry nd children, ofParis, are visiting, relatives in Carlisle. Mrs. Joseph Davis is visiting herdaughter, Mrs. Henry Craig in Georgetown.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mrs. AnntfPfrty arrived in Paris before the worstFighmaster is visiting relatives inParis."Mrs. Bettie Smoot and daughter,of this city, are visiting relatives nearCarlisle.Misses Edith and Margaret Shiveare the guess of Miss Agness Turner,near Paris.Miss Frances Steele is the guestof her cousin, Miss Gazina Thomas,in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. TJlie J. Howard, of Covington, is the guest of her mother, Mrs.Belle Alexander.Mrs. J. C. Atchison, of Danville,is the guest of Mrs. Nellie Fithian,on Pleasant street.Mr. Chas Link, of Kansas City,Mo., arrived Wednesday for a visitto relatives in this city.Miss Hazel Duvall returned yesterday after a two-weeks' visit tofriends in Chilesburg.Mrs. M. H. Dailey will entertainwith a tea this afternoon from 4 to 6Saulsberry, of Eureka, Ark.Misses Dorothy and Bessie Goodwin, of Covington, are the guest oftheir aunt, Mrs. Douglas Thomas.Mrs. Mary Davis, of State University of Arkansas, is visiting Mrs.Frank Lowry, on Stoner avenue.Mr. C. D. Roebuck has returnedfrrm a Lexington hospital, and i& convalescing at his home, on CypressMrs. James Rowland is criticallvaJ lh? home of lire son, Mr. AllenRowland,near Jacksonville, thiscounty,;ir. Robert Payne, who has beenthe guest of his cousin, Mr. LandrumPayne, left Wednesday for his homein Warsaw.--uebbn,. junueu lempnn, AivynrKie, jaunurum rayne na JiiawaraMyall returned Tuesday after a towweeks' camp at Camp Daniel Boone,on the Kentucky River.Miss Gertrude Oldham, of Cynthiana, and Miss Phillips, of Cynthi- jana, are the guests of the MissesWyatt, on Twelfth street.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Webber andtwo children, Mary Kenney and Chas.-Webber, Jr., and Mrs. Mary Kenneyare visiting in Mt. Sterling and attending the fair.Miss Laura Palmer, who was injured by a fall at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. John J. McClintoclr,about ten days ago, is slowly improving. Misses Mae and Helen Legg, ofj Montgomery, W. Va., who have beenthe guests of their cousin, Mrs. J. P. ITrisler. returned to their home ves-terday.Miss Mary Adams Talbott has issued invitations to a dance to begiven at Louden Hall, the home ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. Robeit C.Talbott, near Austerlitz, Tuesday evening, July 29.Miss Virginia Jouett entertaineda beautiful lawn party at her home inWinchester on Tuesday in compliment to Miss Margaret Bailey, of Louisville. A number of young peoplefom Paris were included in the listof invited guests.Miss Ruth Morgan, of Nashville,Tenn., arrived Wednesday .to visitMiss Belle Horton until next followingTuesday, when she will join her parents, Rev. and Mrs. Carey B. Morgan,who will go"to New York to visit theirsons, Messrs. Walter and Carey Morgan, Jr.Mrs. Catesby Woodford entertained at her country home "Raceland'Wednesday afternoon with ten tablesof six-hand euchre for her sister, Mrs.J. Davenport, of Charleston, Va.Thje guests wrere received by Mrs.Woodford, who was handsomely gowned in white embroidered voile, andthe honor guest, who wore an exquisitetoilet of white chiffon over blue mssaline. They were assisted by MissesMary Woodford and Kate Alexander.The beauty of the handsome roomswas enchanted by the use of quantities of garden flowers, and the refreshing punch served in the hall by MissesMary any Clay and Sallie Lockhart,(while dainty little Miss Annie Davenport handed the tally cards to theguests an elegant luncheon wasserved before the games, and includedcountry ham, croquets, peas, beatenbiscuit, hot rolls, chicken salad, cakes,ices molded as fruits, and deliciouscandy. The tallies were punched byMisses Elizabeth Yerkes and ElizabethEmbry. The prize for the highestscore was won by Mrs. J. T. Vansant,and was a vase with silver filigree.The guest prize, a pair of embroideredsilk hose, was given to Mrs. Davenport, and the consolation prize forwhich all drew, was a hand-paintedbon bon dish, and was drawn by Mrs.John Stuart Roberts.CHAPMAN RESIDENCEAT PUBLIC AUCTION.Attend the public sale of Prof.Chapman's residence on Houston avenue, Wednesday, July 30th, at 2 q.m.It is a beautiful home centrllylocated. 22-2tTORNADO INSURANCE. Better have W O.Kinton ' write yousome Tornado insur-lance. . v 2tOHIO MAYOR CAUGHTJN-CYCLONE NEAR PARISThe Portsmouthh, O., Blade says:,j"flmurht in thA mirlst nf n fArrifipcyclone was the experience of MayorTynes with a party of Portsmouthmen, including President B. W. Young,of Council,Chas. Mitchell and Robt.Connell, near Paris, Ky., Saturday atnoon. The party arrived home Monday afternoon after a two-days' automobile trip to Lexington, Ky., by wayof Maysville."Mayor Tynes said Monday thatwhen the party neared Paris a cloudof peculiar blackness which causednight's darkness to suddenly" fall overthe earth, appeared, and in a few seconds they were in the midst of one ofthe worst windstorms they hhad everexperienced. By rapid driving teof the storm broke, and sought refugein a hotel. Following the cyclone the-Portsmouth men continued to Lexington, arriving there in time to see theCobblers win from the Colts in thefirst game of the series."YOU WILL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction(18-tf)by traing atFELD'S.DISTILLERY MANAGER WILLLOCATE IN LOUISVILLE.Mr. Harry Booth,. who for the pastseveral years has been connected withthe Paris Distilling Company, underthe management of the Kentucky Distillers & Warehouse Company, hasbeen promoted to the superintendencyof the Roach Distillery in Louisville.Mr. Booth; during the time he hashad charge of the local plant, h&s byhis strict attention to business wonthe confidence of his employers andthrough his pleasing manner has mademany friends in this city, who willregret to see him leave.In about ten days Mr. and Mrs.Booth will imove to Louisville, wherethey will reside permanently.INSURE. 'Insureyour tobaccowith W. O. riintonPARIS MASON VISITSGEORGETOWN LODGE.!The Georgetown Times says: "Jos.nTT14- rG "Dotmc. Ctri -n I "Tncf ap rF flln Txjwaii, jl lana, vjj.a.i.iu -nuti jl iuvMasonice an ad-State, visited GeorgetownLodge Monday night and made an address. After the meeting of the lodgethere was a social session at whichthere was lemonade, cake and cigarsserved."SEE OUR BARGAIN COUNTER.?ee our bargain counter at 68 cts.Cash only.22-2t GEO. McWILLlA-MS.I Cv-CTJ3For SalUnusually nice Shetland pony, thoroughly broke for children. Also driving horse for lday.E. F. CLAY, JR.,Cunberland Phone 413. Paris, Ky.1 Mosler Safe,I National Cash Register.1 Coffee Mill.4 Scales.1 Platform Scale.2 Counters.(tf)Fee Grocery Co.For Sale.Gasoline launch in good running order. Newly painted and engine overhauled. Apply to. MRS. L. V. FOOTE.(25-3t Paris,. KySALE COMMENCESSaturday, July 26and Continues 10 Days.25 PER CENT OFFon the entire stock.We are going to sell our entirestock of Wall Paper, consistingof over $1,500 worth of this season's papers. "This stocjc willgo at50c on the Dollar.Special Sale on Granite WareSaturday at 3 p. m. 25-cent values for 10 cents. See our windows. After 10th of August willremove to the room occupiedby Fee's grocery.National 5 and 10c Storeiue voia i naiflRemoval Sale!CHANCE TO SECURE ANATTRACTIVE HOME.Theauction sale of-Prof. Chapman's residence on Houston avenue,on Waednesday, July 30th, at 2 p. m.,lis an opportunity for some one to secure a handsome home. Don't forgetthe date. Any one wishing to see theproperty will please call on Harris &Speakes. 22-2tSTORM INSURANCETornado and HailInsurance. Nothingbut the best companies represented.Bedford 8c Bryan,Office Peoples Bank.It'!mi-mate, Everyday! would like to keep.. STThe Kodak will keepjust that picture foryou. The takingwill be fun in itself.Nothingj -iHome Scenesii athat make, op the IIk r rv ' f r ir vat Bii -j .& v & , j i. y w "SC H;i $I r Mm M - mlMli 5XT. MINT0NWood Mantels'IOur Large Stock of Shirt WaistsMust Be Reduced.So we will give the prices anotherbig cut. Come while have your size.4Prices on All Summer FabricsReduced.tBig cut on DressWash Goods, Etc.9IW. EdIniOldest Fair67th Annual Fair of theBourbon Countycylgricnltural Society.- 5 B!G19, SO,AUGUSTThe Program this year is decidedly the bestever offered in all its history. Write for Catalog,LifctBejohn's Big United Showswill furnish the attractions for the Midway. Twentyclean attractions.High DiveWrite to the undersigned for entry blanks andinformation.JOHN S.INT0NDAMAGEDBY CYCLONErMattresses rSlightly Damagedat Your Own PriceHurt but the CoverSoiled.For the Cash you can get xne ofthe best bargains in this line everoffered in Paris.'iJSSAVESYOU MONEYUndertaking " 'I1S:Linens, Lawns,iiTucker.tiin the StateDays 521, 22, 23, 1913.'and Balloon AscensionEvery Day.WIGGINS,-ISecretaryICm-Slightlyrj. cg- ', V-r ywmmmmwmmmmmmFx- .L."'-Kffrs ', f 5fr JV .g ;&" 'r-s-i 1HI8 )'i-u1t: IK;i.!lrif $r-MWriMfiMMaswwmwwwtfisJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!l TRE J9B RSOfflS GFTHEBRB0NBNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,. CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.- CS& -33-"Let us figure with you onon your next work.Our facilities are tii6 kest, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themOaftype iw aiad modernvDISCOURAGE A SiTTEiNecessary to Keep Up EarningCapacity of Hens.Slat Coops Not So Immediately Effective as Old Treatment of PlacingUnder Barrel, but TheyDon't Hurt Fowls.Just as long as the broody hen ispermitted to sit in the nest and keepherself warm she will persist in sitting. So long as her body is in astate of considerable heat she instinctively fights to remain on thenest.It is nature trying to help the hencarry out the purpose for which shewas created.There are some weeks in the yearwhen it seems to me that every henon the place is trying to sit. Turkeys, geese, chickens, ducks andguineas follow the same instinctivelines at about the same time, to theutter distraction of the poultry keeper and the great dropping off in eggproduction. They simply must be"broken up" or the whole profits ofthe poultry sheds will slump down tonothinljr through the broody; summermonths. "I OECS shut the hens up in the darkest 'place I could find and kept themthere for two or three days, feedingthem little or nothing, says a writer inm FARM PLANAgricultural Co - operationPracticed in Italy.asPvlerchants Near Florence Are Still theLandowners and Peasants Workon Shares Landlord SustainsHis Tenants.Florence, Italy. At the beginningof its investigation of co-operativebanking societies the American commission "on agricultural co-operation,assembled by the Southern Commercial ongjess. hjid the advantageousexperience of first vlsltingTa" part ofEurope where co-operative banks hadnot made much headway,Agricultural co-operation is practiced in only one form in the countryabout Florence societies for the purchase of agricultural machinery, fertilizer, seeds, etc. This is chiefly dueto the fact that in the early days themerchants of Florence were the landowners, and their estates were farmedon a share basis by the peasants.If crops were bad the landlord furnished food for the peasant farmeruntil the next harvest. This systemof land tenure still prevails, and studyof the systems near Florence hasshown the cbm.mision that co-operativecredit institutions are only possibie where theneed fs" greatComparing Italian, conditions withAmerican, one of thb Florentine experts who appeamj, before the commission suggested that in the UnitedStates, the solution "of the problem ofarm finance, imght befoujiar In an en-existstSlat coop for broody hens. Suspendit so it will swing easily. This swinginq motion creates a current of airlargcrtfieht ofthe, operations ofing banks, Sig. Martelli. president ofthe pavings bjtfik of Florence, detcfibe4 practice common with banksabqpaf' Florence whereby the farmergives a mortgage to a bank and receives in return an open account for acertain amount of credit. Thus afarmer who considers that he needsa credit of $10,000 to operate his farmgives a mortgage for that amount tothe bank. As he needs the moneyhe draws 3h the bank. He nays interest only on the amount on w hich heborrows.For the long-time loans bf the farmers the savings banks are allowed toinvest up to 30 per cent, of their deposits in farm mortgages. These mortgages are of two classes for periodsup to ten years and for periods offrom 10 to 30 years.The shorter-term mortgage "leans crj" til rf f?repaid by the borrowers in one lump jra g HJCiirtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)- CHAIRS -33!HotAilExpert BarbersPolite Attentionand Cold Baths atHoursNo Long Waits.A jSWrfe fcf the Public Pat(roxtage Solicited.i Per Ceijt InterestPaid On Time,. ' Deposits u VYour Deposits Are GcraranfeetfYOU TAKE NO RISKS 'yIf You Are InterestedWrite Us -NEWBARBERHO!Windsor Hotel.TON STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaJiWCapital 8100.00Gfully PaidFor SaleNo. 1 8-horse power Fairbanks'5 Morse gas or gasoline engine. Apply-to rutis liAb & JSL.ECTRIC CO.24-2tModern EquipmentPolite' Service.:FK.I Professional Cards.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specially-.CARL CRAWFORDrpecial Kates t Excursions,Dr. Win. Kenneyr?PARIS, KENTUCKY.Onlce 514 Main Street.,dM6e Phones J foyResidence1E. T. 334.Home 331.J J. WIIitiTAJVIS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.,2oom 1 Elks BuildingEueursiorf to Cincinnati, 0and returnh:r, 3 Practicing PSrsicrAN,juices, uooms ana aT jilt's Bid gPari 8 1 - - . Kentuckyunaay, 3iy 27, ........ . w wv, ' ,w" w " ' ! gum. n in the-. TTnlfprl Stntfs hntwhich cools the fevered condition of i .. . , ' ,cue luuger-ierm loans are repaid Dya broody hen.the Farm Progress. It "was effectiveall right, but it injured the hens' laying powers, and general thriftiness tobe starved foNr a few days.Putting them in the darkness is always very eftectivc. I still carry outthat part of the treatment, but I haveabandoned the plan'of sticking themunder barrels, boxes and other unventilated places since I smotheredfour of my best hens to death onenight.I am using an inexpensive, set ofccops now for the purpose of discouraging the broody hen. The coopsare not so immediately effective asthe old, under the barrel or boxtreatment, but they do not injurethe h&ns as much an under the oldmethod". jThav get more air in the new way4and by putting them in a dark sideroom of the poultry house they arerather easily bluffed. The coops cosibut a few cents each, as they aremade of 'lumber picked up about theplace and from light pine laths usedby plasterers.These coops have slatted bottomsso the hens cannot drop down andbrood themselves warm while confined. By taking these coops, placing them inside a darkened shed andlifting them off the ground a fewinches, even the moBt determined oldsitter will soon give it up as a badJob. ,-..v j&kj.Jr-amortization that is, small annualpayments made upon the principal ofthe loan. The banks are only permitted to charge borrowers one-halfper cent, more than they are requiredto pay depositors. At the presenttime the prevalent rate is five percent., though generally it is four percent. Money is only loaned up to 50per cent, of the appraised value ofthe land.There is also a mortgage bank inFlorence, the Monte di Paschi, founded by one of the early dukes of Florence. This bank issues mortgage debentures at three and one-half, fourand one-half and five per cent Mostof the debentures now outstandingare at five per cent. They sell atrifle under par, "which is the usualcondition in ftaly, and their marketprice compares favorably with government bonds.The co-op&rative societies for purchase among the land owners havebeen successful. The farmers themselves do not belong to these societies, but the landowners do ajl piirchasing of farm machinery Und fertilizer. These societies are also activein educational work, and maintain agricultural experts, who travel aboutfrom village to village instructing thefarmers in scientific agriculturalmethods.mm mitEMPEROR MADE GUESTS PAYm Bourbon Him104 Issues a YeaPbr$2.00.rAdvertising rates reasonaWc and made' known oh application..UttlMliMMFW Points'about guineasHabit of Changing Nest Makes It Difficult to Say How Many EggsThey WHl Lay. -""-, t 4 WTheguineaa Ar& ;8bd layers, butWing to their fekill in hiding theirnests and thsiv habit of changing their1 new- if . n disturbed, it ia hard tosay how many eggs their Will lays l?osBibly 60 lo lO'O. 'Gutbejis are Inclined!to4 he moxfoJuT, tha is, to havehut orje" mMie, but a male will mate.with., twt females. Poor hatcheslusuaU "result if more females arel&tsik with a'mal&r, Voting guineas are fed like youngrarkeya, with curds, bread and milk orboiled eeea and bread crumbs thefirst week, always mixing once a daywith sand, and for every meal iltagone-third of the meal jgrea food,chopped onion or iKfiuifion fops.Finely chopped Mtice 5b good ''Whjijplentiful. TTnles- teey hKVQ fpoflrun they ehould fcave animal toVd' forcrttne tima. twit if they fere flowedfields to rbfcta orer this is n6t necesry. Wheb theare ltjfge .enoughto Vs given f rej rang they will picletop most 'of their living, 1nt shouldalways 'be fed at night, W"glve tfee-fethe habit of returning home.This train leaves Paris at 'ho.O a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 -p. m.Tickets good on specials trainonly.Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Pinallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address.W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A.- II 'IIMIIlTlS3BBMP(T s-Lv1 f-IONEtB0Pdown the throat of a "gapey"chicken destroys the -worms'and saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinking: waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbonPoulfryCureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.E-ory poultry raiser should keep a bottle ofit'.is medicine on hand. Write for free samplecd Booklet on "Diseases of Fowls." AddressJBOURBON REMEDY COMPANY, Lexington, Ky.fFor Sale by "W. T. Brooks1L. dc N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT MAY 4,193Bid German Ruler Sfcfc Example ofStrictest Ecoftfcmy Put OutUcht Himself.SWlin.-iiose who have just as-i8tc& tit the brilliant festivities which'm&Vked the imperial wedding and whoremembered the court of Berlin in thepast cannot but have been struck withthe extraordinary difference betweenthe strict simplicity cj thaj day and UpTeTlntregal state. So mgrailfStF werethe habits of ecosolmy with the old Emperor WlDlanlThat even after he hadassumed the Imperial crown theynever deserted him. The emperor gavethe example. lie always extinguishedthfe candles himself and lowered thelamps before he left any room. When'at -Cms or Ba'den guests invited to joinh.e emperoV at 'dinner at some restau-Vnnt -were 'often embarrassed at the'en'd of the meal to discover that'it waYa "pay party."tfo,H Atlanta,1342971040373123326259L383853930832Trains LrriveFROMGa, Diki'v TT 7 5.21amMe an anti-treat 'Plessec.-Lexington, Ky., Daily 5.18amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland Ry. , Daily Exc'ept Sunday 7.40 amLexington Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.22,anxCincinnati, O., D-ily. 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7 10.20 amLexington, Kv,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily V. . .10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 mCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pra ?Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 praLexington, Ky.. Daily , 3.33 proKnoxville, Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pjaMaysville, Ky. , Daily 5.35 rtfa.Cincinnati, O. , Daily Except Sunday 5 50 jjmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,06 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday : 5.50 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.18 pmij.ait:-, P., Daily s . 10:50 pm.Trains IDe-partr TO'Cincinnati. 'O., Daily....- o.2S amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday o.3o amLexington, Ky. , Kaily Except Sunday .' 7.47 amCincinnati, O. , Daily Except Sunday 7.o0 amMaysville, Kyv, Daily Except Sunday -o0 amLexingtonly., Daily 9-.I amKnoxville Tenn., Daily ;oai31Jacksonville, 51a., Daily lHS"amT.exhiston. Kv. . Dailv ....'"m -10.29 am"kftfWiii V.. -nfliiv . :i2.0o pm.6 Wnthiana,! Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am'25 .'Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.d3 pm,S8f0incinnati, O., Daily , --? SS.9 Rpwland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 0.06 P39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday ; -, o.zS pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily .... " o55S8 ItlaysviUe, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday -0 P30 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily ixeep aunaay t"K8;344294010137373313,3Grading of Eggt.Ifirga mmy t graded on thfemaiketffor glee, coloc, " cleanlnea, ''freedomrrom cracjcs ana uie- actual. n;onuitiouof'Ui -ef g 50tLtent. This' ter factorlibl iartJ'porUne,. particularlyjtSr-t the:'later sumnoallii.fjDemcr-itIo Candidates. t Ift ,orge-lewn, py.f rromi-ojt w -oMoney In Campaign.tJeorgetown, Ky.jUVoi the.twenty-t)ira 'nmrrftflf Wadat.ftn .for nffines,u,c ,7 ,. . , . , .1in Scott county xvssemDiea .nere ana j-Qipieagea uiemireiva, m resoiuuousneither to treat'Vpor to use moneyin efforts to Influence the voters intheir favour &t,tfe primary to be heldin August. rjfi6y agreed to meetagain ton .the Vve of the Section, providinig !th"tSnyone who-1 could notthen maVe-oath that he had kept thepledge' t?6uld withdraw from thrace. v .tf .Lexington, K., Daily31 Atiiania, van., xjah..10.55 pm.10.57 pmtw EFPEOt OCTOBi?R. 3. 1911.rr7al-Cis A.rri"veFROMj- - .i .-., irct j 7.4-t am? sn,kJ5' s- sss 5ssez. ::::::::::::::::::: -so maT.onisvnlte -& Erankfork Daily ExeepTounday .QPetiriiIS337 Frankfort & Louisville, Df1 F arikfort, Ky. Dsily Ex1 SArJtriKfoffe, Ky -feilyitapnda)jejpsurtitlnnday ...." l-fi"0-t9.53 amHav ; . '..V. . WW '.. . A. i -. 5.54pIr--k'ft wK.'&iimvfN3Pr v'rV J ?'V5'Vi'rs&&' V&c-lrflj-"T&rx&LI3&&ifc, -- 1 1Z -V i. r . .f'-i:--V. -v . jvT v " V-j'. t. t jr -w(r,v;., ,--Pc--, f1"- '.rt.THE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KY., JULY 25 19i3V. N. BarkleyMrs. W. N, BarkleyR,oti2wCELEBRATIONIN LOUISVILLEWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,Lcxington5 KentuckyTruck Replaced Three TeamsFOR Iffl111il.i1."Unsightly Grey and Faded HairWhy not have beautiful, dark, glossy,natural colored hair, full of life andbeauty keep yourself young lookingand fascinating? Its so easy andsimple to do if you will get a bottle ofHay's Hair Health today. You'll noticea change after one or two applicationshow quickly the grey hairs vanishiow glossy, full of life and vitalityHay's Hair Health will keep your hair.Don't waste time, get a bottle today.TTour druggist is selling more Hay'sHair Health than all others, becauselie knows it's the most satisfactory,the nicest and cleanest to use and.really does restore color to grey hair.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to the'following druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap for 50c; or $1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two25c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for $1.L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...Home-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunciies and short orders at allhours with the best the .market affords.(28mar6mo)KENTUCKY METROPOLIS WILLCOMMEMORATE INCIDENTSIN WAR OF 1812.HUNDRED YEARS OF PEACEpep FMLQiS!cent, wo to $wo,oooW. KING & SON,125" Clieapside. Lexington,Ky.Irw"tw I-f (amalgamated arc-"Battles Which Kentuckians Won andMassacres in Which They SufferecWill Be Reproduced in Fireworkand Shams on Land and Water.Ythe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the Inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Clias. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto Oil.No matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rate is no higher thanwhen slate or metal is used.We authorize our agents to refund the moneyif our Hoofing is not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, IllinoisA week's c'elebration, which Louisvillians declare will be the greatestand most spectacular in the historjof celebrations in America, will beheld in the Kentucky metropolis foiseven days, commencing September29, and will be the climax of a series of celebrations held in a dozenlake cities, to commemorate the sufferings and victories of Americanarms in the War of 1812 as well asto focus attention on the achievements of a century of peace. Thecrucial and decisive engagement olthe War of 1812 was the battle of theThames, fought and won on Canadiansoil October 5, 1S13. The series ofcelebrations, which will be held inAmerica will close in Louisville, October 5, 1913, and just one hundredyears from the hour that Col. RichardM. Johnston, afterward Vice Presidentof the United States, slew the Indianchief Tecumseh, President WoodrowWilson will probably be addressing acrowd of 100,000 people in Louisvillethe home of many of the troops whofought in the battle of the Thames.Kentucky was assigned the closingand choice date of the celebrationbecause of the distinguished partplayed by the Kentuckians in the Warof 1812. Kentucky began to play herpart in the generation before the waropened, when she ..sent Gen. GeorgeRogers Clark and other Louisvillesoldiers into the hostile wildernesswhich they wrested from the Frenchand Indians and out of which was aft-Sold by PJllersburg Coal aildjerward carved the great States ofLumber Co.,Millersburg, Ky,I-Miss Margaret K. Caden,210 Main. Street, Lexington, Ky.Special Display of, -. . . Summer Hats . .Moderate Pricesi.'OSIIi'ISiuLOUL I9If II'La Fro:M.210W. Main St.,LEXINGTON, K.xn$150 up.,Do the women in syour city knowwe specialize inlmtoLA FROThe Perfect FrontLaced Corset?Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,Michigan.Kentucky was the last state whichcould have benefited from the war, inasmuch as it was brought about chiefly by the British impressment ofAmerican seamen, none of whomwere Kentuckians, whereas shouldwar prevail the unfriendly Indians ontks-frontier of the border states couldbe expected to commit atrocities fromwhich Kentucky had already receivedtlie name "Dark and Bloody Ground."However, it was chiefly Henry Clay, inthe Kentucky Congressional Delegation that forced President Madison to,declare the second war with GreatBritain, and Kentucky furnished forty per cent of her fighting populationto go into that war, and at the Close1 of the war of the listed dead morethan eighty psr cent were the namesof Kentuckians. Kentucky troops toa man were massacred at the RiverRaisin and again at the first attackon Fort Meigs.When the time came to man Perry'snew-hewn ships, he selected Kentuckyians unaccustomed to the motion ofthe lakes to mount into the insecurerigging and from that vantage point,with their practiced eye and unerringaim, fired down upon the British andwon the battle of Lake Erie. Practically every officer and soldier in thebattle of the Thames -was a Kentucklan, excepting alone Gen. WilliamHenry Harrison, who, however, heldhis commission as Major-General fromthe Kentucky legislature. The chargeof the Forlorn Hope, .about the briefest, most terrible and most heroic attack narrated in the annals of warfare, consisted exclusively of Kentucky soldiers when nineteen of themand their twenty horses went downto certain death. It was the Kentucky sharpshooters who are creditedwith having won the battle of NewOrleans after the war had in realityclosed.Kentucky proposes to reproduce1 most of these scenes of the war of! lS12:in the Louisville celebration. The-4MMHiNlMtlMiMin eleven months this three-ton Kiss elKar Truck covered in actual service '4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden was 37 17.20thstons. It carried an average load of four tons one Ion overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the-KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction.Note these striking KisselKar ieatures Simpls engine easy to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy spring,suspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easy control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need.fr lulisseOruQK&1 500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn the range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which is themauufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Trucks in actual use in your line and many otherlines of business. -$!The EFoMowing Lines of business Have Recentlyboustftfc Kissel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry, Bakery, Confectionery, Ice, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suifcthoneeds of any business.LPhone 21 05.O. R. HUKLE,513 West Main Street, Lexington,tiiiiim'li"ml MMi WttnjLow Special RatesOpen to YOU a safe year around Cream Market at the Highest Creamcry Butter price for Uie Butter Fat, 27c. being the lowest price to date thisyear, and 3Sc. the highest quotation of the winter months.Sell Us Your CreamCut down your work Putyour soil and raise a Cash Crop.on more cows Increase the fertility ofSpot CashIs paid for veery shipment giving a steady year around income from thesale of Butter Fat.Shipments of Cream should be made at least twice a week duringthe summer and every four or five days in the winter, and the railwaycompanies have low special baggage rates for handling cream.Write for free trial cans today or ship in your own cans.The Tri-State Butter Company,M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.iFirst-Class Workmen, gPoJite and Prompt Attention-''to All.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share of."YourPatronage.S Pans Odorless Cleaning Co.(Hen's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks: our specialty.m All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMph's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satistaction.We Call Tor and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves CleanedshorJ, 10c; long 25c.:battle of the Thames will be reproduced on land in Cherokee Park, topographically situated similar to theland on which was fought the battleof the Thames, and every detail ofthe sham battle will be as nearlyhistorically correct as can be done.Louisville will take advantage of hermaraificent river frontage in orderto celebrate suitably the battle of iLake Erie. .The actual battle will bedepicted in a gorgeous entertainment 'of fireworks and all morning and all jafternoon preceding the engagement jthere will be boat races, lite savingfeats and aquatic sports. A historicalpageant, depicting various scenes otthe war of 1812 will also include amagnificent floral parade, such asmade Louisville famous a year ago,and will include civic and militaryparades many miles in length. Drillsand exercises by 10,000 costumeschool children will be held in the jFirst Regiment Armory; a mammo'.h (reception will be given to the descendents of Kentucky soldiers and sailoisof the war or lsiz, ana a series otcostumed balls will be given in theirhonor.Exceedingly low railroad rates,probably as low as one cent per mile,from a distance of several hundredmiles of Louiayille, will be grantedand efforts are being made to secureto other Kentucky points rates. fromLouisville for the week immediatelyfollowing the celebration, to enableformer Kentuckians who return hometo visit the celebration, to visit alsotheir old Kentucky homes.Cincinnati, Ohio.Pony For Sale, iExtra nice Shetland pony, gentle for .children. Broke to ride and driTaHe-is a two-year-old and a well madanimal. The price is right.L. T .LILLESTON,july3-3t Paris, Ky. . v.Capital Stock $75,0005,000 Shippers in 3 StatcWhen you feetlZvous, tired, worried or despondent it is a-'sure sign you need MOTTS NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal igorand.I make life worth living. Be sure and ask ocJMott's Nerverine Pills JSSS'VW1LUAMS MFG. CO.. Proos.. CI-veTnad, OhimJL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...Uses iJgggs.L4Pittsburgh Perfect" FencePut il up Right, and you'll get DoubleEfficiency, Long Life, Economy, SatisfactionIt's no trick at all to erect "Pittsburgh No bagging or sagging, no slippingPerfect" just follow the directions in stays, no buckling up when stringingm t& .. . . . . ... w 'our catalogue. Fittsburgri t-enect Qn account Qf "iong andgoes up wiinuut a mien, over ine mustuneven ground as easily as on level land.The secret's in the Weld. It costs lessshort" wires,to string Pittsburgh Perfect" because ittakes less time than any other fence.Made inCHICKENbecause there are none. Consider building-cost-when you buy fence. It is aserious problem for some, but Pittsburgh Perfect" users smile.Different Style.' for FIELD, FARM, RANCH, LAWN, C"---, "Rorl fLl1railteedN. POULTRY and RABBIT YARD and GARDEN CVery iOO VjtUaTcUlLCVlAsk your dealer for "Pittsburgh Perfect" and insist on his furnishing it. Doyou that some other fence is jusf&s good. If he doesn't sell it,Do not allow him to persuadewrite us diract.n.. t . n e . D...J.(R..L.JWBright, Annealed Jc Galvanized Wire; Twitted.Cable Wire; Hard Spri Cell Wire; FceStaple; Poultry Netting Staple ; Regular WirNaik; Galvanized Wire Nane; Larse HeadRoofing Naik; SmmeI Le Bale Tie; "Pfetafeurgh Perfect" Fencing. All made of OpenHearth material.If yen areiereated m Wire Fencknr. writefor FREE sear of r ALMANAC 1J13-Pittsburgh Stcd Co-&H. .- r . .1f1HL BOUREON NEWS, PARIS.KENTUCKY, JULY 25, 1913cflflHHHHHi HHHHHHHHHH HHGFwU,fn!' Ji)!).i .1,'ITbNS.B-liI"!fti i?IHiBIGSTORMAI TiBIG BARGAINS! ANDK J J.PLENTY OF THEM!DbulNSThursday. July 24th0-A.TT-:- DAMAGED BY WATER -:-Cottons, Blankets, Outings, Nets, Shirt Waists, Muslin Underweartw1REABY-T0-WEAR GARFI-In Order to Get Our Ready-to-Wear Department in Shape for Pali Goods. We Will at theSame Time Close Out Our Entire Stock ofSuits, Coats, Skirts and all Other Summer GarmentsPRANK & Cd.9 PARIS, KENTUCKYNATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, Ohio.vHairs Catarrh Cure is taken interially, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75 centsper "bottle. Sold by all druggists!Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.S IJ About $350,000.00 was collect-ed from the people of Bourbon5 in taxes for turnpikes durinqJudge Dundon's eight years administration. What has BourbonCounty got to show for it?eeacces6e99c9ce9BEST TORNADO INSURANCE. Phone W. O. Hintonto put you on Tornado Insurance. 2tCOLLEGES CONSOLIDATEThe Kentucky College for Women,of Danville, and the Princeton Collegiate Institute, of Princeton, live consolidated under the name of the Kentucky College for Women, with headqquarters at Danville. The articles ofincorporation and consolidation werefiled at Frankfort, Tuesday, with Secretary of State Crecilius.I ISTcrw G-oiLg On IGOOD RESULTS ACHIEVEDHINTON ADMINISTRATION.We Are Compelled To Unload at Orace!Our Store in crowded with Summer Footwear and rather than the risk ofcarrying these goods over to next season, we have decided to resort to thisgreat sacrifice sale. We are going to make this sale a record breaker.Of course it takes bargains, great, big rousing bargains to bring a crowd,and this is just what we have to offer. Read the prices that follow:Misses' and Children's $2.50 values in button ox-fnrns anri ftA7n-fisrc T"s-rif anrl Nki Agun metal. Mark-down Price;j in uuuun OX-$1.69Misses' $1 .50 patent, tan, white and gun ffr j-metal pumps. Mark-down Price 77Children's $2.00 pumps.Mark-down Price$1.39Men's $4 Oxfords, tan, patent and gun metal,Walk-Over included. mk JJ"Mark-down Price 9 mm m 5 JMen's $3.50 Oxfords, in patent, gun metaland tan. Ct iO VIMark-down Price m (mft yMen's $3 Oxfords in tan, patent and gun metal.Latest styles. C"1 ClCMark-down Price y 1b79JB Men's $2.50 Oxfords in button and ffiHl Mlace. Mark-down Price In-1 7One lot of Men's Oxfords, broken sizes, CC3l$2 and $3 values. Mark-down Price LvPfInfant's and Children's pumps and oxfordsin patent and fan, $1 values, sizes 2 to 7 MMark-down Price... 47 G.. hLadies' $3 values, all latest style pumps and oxfordsin velvets, satin, tan and gun metaland white,,the very best values t1 ffmade. Mark-down Price 3JI 5 5Misses' barefoot sandals, all sizes." Now 49cLadies' $3:50 values, all popular leathers and fabrics, in pumps and oxtords, button fl4 iftand lace. Mark-down Price &Mmm1&!fLadie4,'$2 and. $2.50 grades two-strap pumps andoxfords in velvet and gun metal. gMark-down Price ... y CLadies' $2 pumps and oxfords in patent, gun metal1 .T1. 'ciiiu vvnue pumps.Mark-down Price ,Ladies' white canvas button shoes.Mark-down Price(Continued From Page Four.)city's interest at heart should cast hisvote for Mr. Hinton and those associated with him, and should not be influenced hy the slanders and harshcriticisms heaped upon him throughenvy or spite, and for the purpose ofdistracting attention from the unenviable record of some of those who areopposing his renomination.Examine carefully the records ofboth sides and it will not ho hard tndecide which side it will be for yourbest interest to support: ,Vote for J. T. Hinton for Mayor. jAnd IVote for the following for Councilmen: First Ward W. T. Brooks, Whit.Mann and Geo. D. Speakes.Second Ward W. A. Wallen, BruceMiller and W. O. Hinton.Third Ward Jack Woods.ANDREW JOHNSONGETS LIFE TERM.Andrew Johnson, the first of the alleged assassins of Ed Callahan to betried, was given a life sentence at Winchester, Tuesday, for the murderJohnson is only 18 years old, and isthe youngest man ever tried for a feudmurder in Kentucky. When his fatewas pronounced he did not seem affected and made no comment.The court immediately began selecting a jury in the case of Fletcher Deaton, charged with being an arch conspirator in the plot to kill Callahan. Aspecial venir of ninety men was, summoned from Madison county fromwhich to secure a panel. Seventeenmore men aee to be tried for the Cllahan murder and j twelve others forperjury in 4he case.HOW'S THIS?BEST MEDICINE IN THE WORLD."My little girl had dysentery verybad. I thought she would die. Cham-'berlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea'Remedy cured her, and I can truthfully say that I think it is tb."e bestmedicine in the world," writes Mrs.William Orvfs, Claire, Mich. For saleby all dealers.We offer One Hundred Dollars Heward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarh Cure.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, 0.We, the undersigned, have known F.J. Cheney, for the last 15 years, and believe him perfectly honorable in all hisbusiness transactions and financiallyable to carry out any obligations madeby his firon.LET US HELP YOU. .' a Vrtfl'-it jBirSwWJWOne lot small sizes ladies' oxfordsMark-down Price$1 .49 1- 50c IDO Y0UR.BANKING WITH US - WE. WILLHELP YOU TO KEEP YOUR ACCOUNTSSTRAIGHT"Ve can help you in your money matters, becausehandling money is our BUSINESS. Our bookkeepers wil xkeep your accounts straight. If you have a bank accountyou have a receipt for every bill you pay. We can ADVISEyou, and will insure you courteous and earnest attention.Make OUR bank YtfUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.I tdLn COHE El 1STDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS. 'm,HI. - Capital, $100,000.00!J. M. HALL PresidentSurplus, $40,000.00. -K "C. K. THOMAS. CaHM2u V"m - f