BOURBON NPUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND' FRIDAY IN" THE YEAR 'J f-r.rJ-,"sir T , xV1 '"" - jft.' "z4 -4-JVVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 26, 1913."V.BOURBON Fl VmCLast Day of Exhibition Markedby Good Rings and a LargeAttendance."WE KNOW HOW"Vi fiEWS.Cifli"1&': 2Iced TeaCoasteis7 fWith Cut StarBottoms$3.00 per Dozen'Iced Tea Spoons$t.OO Set of Six.':gThel aBB EQItt fl!Season ICanningis INOW wnBefore buying your Cans, Jars,Sealing Wax, etc., see us. Wecary a full line and will save yousome money.Stone's Wrapped CakesReceived Fresh EveryDay.IT. C. LENIHAIN.Cash Grocery.wmfflmfflmmmmmp.FALL DISPLAYOFNeckwear,Shirtsand CollarsMATS,. BOYS' NORFOLK SUITS-MEETING GRAND SUCCESS.i m1Wt EARLY8Silk Hats 50cand$1.00$2.00 Straw Hats 1 .OO2.50 Straw Hats., 1.253.00 Straw Hats 1.504.00 Straw Hats ... 2.00&&Officers of Society Greatly Pleased With Support AccordedThroughout Week.w". v- g&.jta&'fe&.-MWV&v .""3-.f--w;0?IBourbon Fair closed Saturday with 'a splendid program and a record fifthday crowd. The ttendance was thelargest for the day since the organization off the Society and the standsand the midway were the scene of ahappy gathering. While the clos-inP" rinP" Wne 11011 cViritlir offat. K r rnthe midway attractions continued Wtar into the nignt. jtjj-iiv "Oil, 1UUUJ ItHG UUlOCa UF1JLexhibtion, and a striking contrast with ?the perfection ofv. vehicles, animalsnd their owners was he worst turnout.There were three entries, Mason Forsyth, Holt Daniels nd Bishop Hibler.The first prize was awarded to 'Forsyth, and the second to Daniel. Inthe spirit of fun and to the amusementof the spectators in the stands the winner performed with amazing grace inthe show ring, doing a number of artistic dances.That the Fair was a success in everyway is beyond question, althoughthere has not been sufficient time fora report to be made upon the finances.However, it is the opinion that therewill be a considerable balnce left tothe credit of the Society after all thedebts of the present Fair are met.Secretary John Wiggins, PresidentJos. M. Hall, the .members of he committees and others interested in theSociety are jubilant over the successof the Fair, which in point of attendance, was perhaps the best in its' history, and it was the most succesfulheld in any city in Central Kentuckybf any this season.There were prominent horsemennd breeders from all over the countryin attendance and much interest wasmanifested throughout the meeting.Among the principal winners of theweek were the following: H. S. Caywood, $170; Collins & Son, $170;Matlack & Shropshire, $300; H. A.Power, $65; B. K. Thomas, $220; Caywood & Hamilton, $60 ;W. F. Saunders$75; Jas. Caldwell, $25; Cay wood &McCray Bros $270; L. L. Haggin, $60.The awards for the closing day wereas follows:SATURDAY'S AWARDS.Roadsters for Harness.Best stallion, 4 years old and overJames Hukill, Pris.Best stllion, 3 years old and under 4Same.Best mare, 4 years old and overJohn T. Hedges, Paris, first; Jas. Hukill, second?Best stallion, mare or gelding, 2years old and under 3 Jas. Hukill,first; Luther Rice, Paris, second.Sweepstakes for Roadsters.Best stallion, mare or gelding, anyage Jas. Hukkill, first and second;Caywood & McCray, hird ; John T.Hedges, fourth.Combined Ring.Best combined mare or gelding, anyage Matlack & Shropshire with JackBarrymore, first; McCray Bros., NorthMiddletown, second.New York Saddle Horse.Best roadseter horse, mare or gelding owned in Bourbon county JohnT. Hedges, first; J. J. Hunter, second.Best New York saddle mare or gelding, walk, trot and canter, over 15.2to be docked or til tied E. K. Thomasfirst; Caywood & Hmilton, second.Trotting Bred Colt.Best trotting bred colt, under 1 yeareither sex, by registered trotting stallion Homer Smart, first; John S.Wiggins, second.Draft Horses.'Best stallion, 2 years old and overOscar Hedges, North Middletown,first; L. L.'Haggin, Lexington, secondBest mare 2 years old and overLouis Lee Haggin, first; James Caldwell, Paris, second. .Best colt, either sex James Caldwell, first; L. Vimont, Millersburg,second.Bet pair geldings or mares, showno farm wagon L. L. Haggin, first,James Caldwell, second.Rockaway Horse.Best Rockway mare or gelding,shown to rockaway Caywood & Hamilton, first; John T. Hughes, Fayette,second.Model Horse.Best model horse, mare or gelding,shown to halter, 4 years or over Cay(Continued on Page 4.)a?nOur Entire Line ofStraw Hatsv-vare now on sale atHALF PRICE'?AMitcheH & Blakemore,Outfitters to Mien!mKiiimiiimimiiuiTiMixiiHmmiiimMUi!muiiim::iiuiiiiJii(;!iiiijiu!iiiiiuMiiiiiiiiiiii!iiiiiiiiiirii2e! -FRANK &, COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.mmBOXING CONTEST AT THE-GRAND.Much interest is being taken inthe 10 round boxing match between"Sailor" Collins and "Gipsy" Barnesto be held at the Paris Grand on thenight of September 4th. Both menare in training and are said to be inthe pink of condition. Several goodpreliminarie's have been arranged for.aB&5EXTRA SPECIALREDUCTIONS4h''ON ALLSMREADYTO-WEARGARMENTSPR16& & 60. Giotmersand Furnishers'mmmsmWbSpFIRE DESTROYS THOMASAVENUE RESIDENCE SATURDAY.ISThe residence of Richard Ross, colored, on Thomas Avenue, was destroyed by fire at 3 o'clock Saturdaymorning, entailing a total loss both tothe property and the contents. The origin of the fire is unknown. There wasno one at home and when the blazews discovered almost the entire housewas enveleped.StFor Summer WearE3fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas &' Woodford.II FRANK fe C., I !IP MMSiRlllfftlilWilSttffftff !!BtUWlMJWttiWilUM1jKiiuitaiiwiiH&miiLHiimuiMimiimParis, KentuckyrfrVMT &X )a.IjrSImiy ' f i Dgm ' ' 'i"ffi)-i ! f "j."i i? 'HWylftW i M. ', ii wiiii mi immpniwitiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 26, -1913?iN4. p'it1Mkr1Vr (1 invHa.iA4aw-vfk " r-sr-"-yiii rKrA(j-wa'tf-ni("tAjrfBPPiBflmoT.f.H nl3?BourbonZUWlb & bUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetlBourbonParis Kentucky.Varnish Candles.A good way to make your candleslast longer than usual is the following, says the Montreal Star: Hold eachcandle by the wick and give it acoat of white varnish. Then lay candles away for a day or so to harden.The varnish prevents the grease fromrunning and preserves the life of thecandle many hours.Kentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky fairs in 1913as far as reported :Ewing, Aug. 21 3 days.Eminence, Aug. 21 3 days.Elizabethtown, Aug. 26 3 days.Shelbyville, Aug. 26 i days.London, Aug. 26 days.Nicholasville, Aug. 26 3 days.Florence, Aug. 27 i days.Germantown, Aug. 27 1 days.Alexandria, Sept. 2 5 days,x Fulton, Sept. 2 5 days.Frankfort, Sept. 2 i days.Somerset, Sept. 2 1 days.Bardstown, Sept. 3 i days.Barboursville, Sept. 3 3 days.Tompkinsvihe. Sept. 3 4 days.Franklin. Sep 3 days.HodgenvhU. -ft ,. 9 3 days.Montifcello, jSi. 9 i days.Morgantown. Sept. 11 3 days.mmUiiEuliliiIs Easy to-Have, NaturalColored and BeautifuliSo many women have grey or faded jhair; neglect it until it becomes thin,dry and lifeless, begins to fall out andstakes them appear much older thanthey really are. If your hair is inthis condition get a bottle of Hay'aHair Health today. Don't wait untilisome one says how much older youlook. You'll be delighted at theresults from even one or two applications. The grey hairs gradually disspppar and your hair will become fullff life and vitality. No one can tellthat you are using it It's not a dyebut a nice, clean preparation that. cruicldy and effectively keeps your greyhair dark, glossy and aatural coloredand that all druggists guarantee satisfactory or refund your money. Always ask for Hay's Hair Health. Itnever fails.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap, for 50c; or $1.00-ibottle of Hay's Hair Health and two-25c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for $1,L. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.M. A. CAHAL.' Barber Shop.First-Class Workmen.Potfte and Prompt Attention. .to All."Hot and Cold Baths"Weprhank You for a Share of1LTT I! Your Patronage.MSonR W IN:MVMg:1 J 8 ?MW& ft i 9 ilTiikilgyf iy; y? f 7 I'MfamLaundry &l!TfafafaIISISWe Take Pleasure.in "oingupthe finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo- fine work and itdever goes bnck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeLaundry,fa4sOnly True Liberty.The liberty which is good is notthe liberty of one gained at the expense of others, but the liberty whichcan be enjoyed by all who dwell together. L. T. Hobhouse.Emery Supply Restricted.The world's supply of emery comesfrom Greek islands and ffom AsiaMinor near Syria. Importations intothe United States average $250,000 annually. 'S SALE.As administrator or J. H. Linville,deceased, I will offer for sale at publicauction, on the home farm, at Millersburg, Ky., onSept. 3, 1913, at 10 A. M.the following property:2 full bed room suites;1 chamber set and lot of other furniture, such as carpets, rugs, tables,chairs, mattresses and bed steads andmatting, kitchen and dining room furniture; Lot of enameled ware;Lot of milk crocks and pans;2 clocks;1 sewing machine;Lot of bedding, blankets, pillows,etc.;Half dozen brooms;1 lot stone jars;1 lot glass jars;1 wash machine;Lot old iron;1 step ladder;1 iron kettle;1 lawn mower;1 lot tools;2 breaking plows; ' I "1 double-shovel plow;1 tobacco plow; "1 no-top buggy;1 rubber tire buggy;1 two-horse wagons; i1 sled and 1 log chain;1 roller;1 Frazier cart;3 hog troughs;4 hog houses;1 gasoline engine and corn mill;1 clipping machine;6,000 tobacco sticks;1 transplanter;1 seed sower; f1 one-horse drill;1 grind stone;1 saddle and bridle; '1 set cart harness;1 post-hole digger;1 A tooth harrow; '1 disc harrow; V3 sows and 15 pigs; -3 red sows in pig;1 three-year old mare;41 yearling colt; ,i1 aged mare; . " j1 two- year old gelding; , ,1 Jersey cow and calf;1 six-year old Jersey cow; v1 spotted Jersey cow; A ,1 cow and weanling calf;1 lot old corn;1 red calf;5 yearling steers;4 heifers;"v!19 ewes and one buck;1 reaper; ; ( ,1 corn crusher; "' ''1 Ross cutting box;1 acre cow peas;One-half interest in 6 acres tobacco;14 stores of corn; $One-half interest in 2,0 acres corn;A lot of clover and timothy hay;A lot of other farming implements.TERMS All amounts under $20.00cash; over that amount negotiablenote, with interest at rate of 6 percent, payable in six months.W. V. HUFFMAN,J ' - Administrator.1E0D, SPEAKES, -Auct.- - (5-td)ADMNSTRATORHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffjc nt Paris, Ky..as mail mattei f 1 p econd classEstablished 188 it 30 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .$1.0(Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 peiinch for first time ; 50 cents per incleach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per linteach issue ; reading notices in blacltype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidatesobituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.Tbe right of publisher is reservecto decline any advertisement or othe)natter offered for publication.Space a newsrarjpr's stock irtrad ou. 03 of revenue.Swedish Bridal Superstitions.In Sweden the bridegroom has agreat fear of trolls and sprites, and asan antidote against their power hesews into his clothes various strongsmelling herbs, such as garlic and rosemary. , It is customary to fill thebride's pocket with bread, which shegives to the poor she meets on theway to the church, and so averts misfortune with the alms she bestows.On their return from church the brideand bridegroom visit their cow housesand farms that the cattle may thriveand multiply.Dicker Hardly Possible After That.In the haymarket one afternoon acouple of farmers stopped to talkcrops and horses. "Are you in themarket for a good horse?" asked one."Always ready to dicker," the otheranswered. "Ever see that little baymare of mine?" "I thisk I know thecritter." "How'd you like to ownher? She's yours at rock-bottomprice." Gathering up his lines preparatory to leaving the spot, the otherfarmer replied: "Well, John, I'd buyher this morning, but I hate to busta dollar."Dreaming to Order.Dreams can be made to order by outsiders, but not by the dreamer. Yell"Fire!" in the ear of a sound sleeperor allow a sudden draft of cold air toplay on the back of his neck and hewill dream to order, but he can't go tosleep with his mind made up to dreamof any certain thing and then actuallydream of it. In spite of this fact, booksare sold in Europe which tell what onemust do in order to dream the luckynumber in the lottery.Imagination in Dreamland.A man who awake is most prosaic,whose mind is commonplace, who isutterly unable to invent a story orwrite a drama, will asleep have themost astonishing flights "of imagination. He imagines a story. Hepeoples it with players, men, womenand animals, and each one of themeven the animals at times speaks 'hispart as perfectly as if he actually werealive.Philippine Subterranean River.A subterranean river in the islandof Palawan, one of the Philippines,has been explored and surveyed bytwo officers of the United States coastand geodetic survey, and is describedin a report of that service. The riveris navigable for a small boat for alaouttwo and a half miles from its mouth,the tunnel through which it passeswidening in places into large chambers containing beautiful stalactites..Milk and Music.It is a little known fact that themost delightful music at the 'presentday is produced by playing on milk.The supply of ivory nowadays doesnot to a great extent meet the demand. Strange as it may sound, skimmilk forms a substitute. It is usedfor making the keyboards of pianos,and in. appearance this hardened substance is hardily distinguishable fromivory.Unanimous on the Point.The British Weekly tells a goodstory of the late poet laureate, Mr.Alfred Austin. He had been talkinga good deal about himself after a dinner, as was his wont, to the annoyance of the other guests, and at lasthe said: "Lady , is it time forthe poet laureate to go to bed?" Andeveryone in the room said "Yes."His Duty.Policeman (loquitur) I seen myduty an' I done it. I says to the captain, "There's a guy runnin' a toughjoint down the street." The captainsays to me, "Go pull" an' I starts togo "his leg," says the captain. SoI seen my duty an' I done it. Judge.Rutland, Va., has had for ten yearsa summer school for pupils 'Who failof promotion in the regular classes.Eighty per cent, of the pupils, havemade up deficiencies and been promoted and nearly all .these pronioted.have continued to make good duringthe year that followed.MOQNSHINERSALERTStrangers Shadowed in CertainWest Virginia Districts.They Often Can Be Very GenerousInformation Concerning Illicit Distillers It Is Well for Visitorsto Possess.Pocahontas, W. Va. The merrymoonshiner is a picturesque characteron his native heath, possessed of allthe cunning of a hunted deer shrewdund suspicious and as dangerous asedged tools in the hands of a noviceto those suspected of having evil designs upon his peace and welfare, butgenerous to a fault toward those whohe is satisfied are his friends. He willshoot at the drop of a hat or dividehis last meal, as the case may be. Nostranger comes around into thesemountains without being shadowedfrom the time he comes in until hedeparts and is well out of the country,writes a Pocahontas (W. Va.) correspondent-Every stranger is regardedas a government spy until he is provedto be otherwise beyond the shadowof a doubt. A perfect system ofespionage is in vogue and no man canexpect to come in and go out unheralded. Me may not know it, but thewatchful mountaineers in the neighborhood keep the strictest tab on hismovements. At the first demonstration revealing his mission he is met,unexpectedly to himself, and shot, orcommanded to move out of the countryat once.No stranger can buy whisky face toface with the seller. Not even in caseof snake bite will he sell it that way.If one wants a jug or bottle of thisyoung and peppery mountain productthere is a way to get it, however. Justcasually remark in the hearing of anative that it would require a gallonjug of real, genuine moonshine tomake you happy and he will find a wayout of the dilemma for you. He willsolemnly declare to you that he hasn'tthe most remote idea where there isi an. illicit distillery and he does notknow any one that, deals in the stuff,but he is of the opinion that if youleave the jug and the price of a gallonof the fluid at a given point you mayget some relief. It Is remarkable whata night will bring forth in a case ofthis sort. In the morning the moneyis gone and the whisky is iir-the jug.And such whisky! It is almost colorless and looks harmless, but woe tothe man who 'drinks it out of a tincup. He takes the contract of a sortof progressive and retrospective jag.The first day he is delightfully drunk,the second day he becomes mean, thethird day he is a maudlin, cryingdrunk, and then it takes two or threedays to ascend the 'scale to a state ofsobriety. One deep, gurgling draftwill do all this. It takes a native tothe "manner born" to know how toimbibe this product of the "worm" andlive to look unflinchingly in the eyesof his friends. He touches it lightly.The moonshiner has a plausible defense for his unlicensed night work.He says he has to do it to live. Thiscountry, being high and backward inthe spring, produces unlimited quantities of peaches. Being miles andmiles from railroads or other meansof transportation, they cannot be marketed. The same is true of apples,corn, wheat and rye. The next bestthing is to convert these commoditiesinto a product which can be transported to market and- which is valuablein condensed form, and the most convenient and profitable thing is to convert them into whisky and shirk thegovernment duty. The moonshinerargues, if one can get an expressionfrom him in the case, that the government permits its subjects to marketthe raw products on their lands without a license, and he cannot see thejustice of a law that will punish himfor changing the same products intoa more valuable form and selling itwithout a license. It is not a matterof conscience with the moonshiner.The only point he considers is that ofdetection and capture. The government is regarded as a persecutor andthe moonshiner the injured person.NAILS UP WIFE TO STOP TALKHusband Closed Windows, Says Woman in Her Action for DivorceAgainst Him.New York. "He nailed up all thewindows in the house to prevent mefrom gossiping with the neighbors."This is one of the allegations ofcruelty mentioned in the petition fordivorce submitted by Mary L. Carem.Dennis Carem is he husband accused.The couple at one time lived in WestHamilton place, Jersey City. The husband recently sued for divorce, alleging desertion, but failed to eet a de-j cree. Tlfe Carems were married aquarter of a century ago and have twochildren, a son twenty years old and adaughter eighteen.Pastor Arrests Cowboys.Debeque, Colo. Twenty-five cowboys, who were shooting up this town,were placed under arrest by the Rev.A. F. Glover, pastor of the Methodistchurch here. The rioting cowboyswere too amazed to offer resistancewhen the pastor, pistol in hand, confronted them.Sticking Plaster Preserves Voice.San Francisco. A common stickingplaat,er placed over the mouth duringsleep preserves the voice, accordingto Prof. Irving Fulton of Wesleyan,lecturing at the University of California. ' x 'aBLOOD IS THICKER THAN WATER"Without good red b'ood a man has s. weak heart and poor nerves. Thinness ofthe blood, or anaemia, is common in young folks as well as old. Especially is itthe case with these who work in illy ventilated factories or those who are shuttpir.docrs in winter time with a coal stove burning up the oxygen or emittingcarbonic (oxide) gas. This blood, or blood which lacks the red blood corpusclesin anacm.c people may have been caused by lack of good fresh air breathed intolungs, or by poor d.gestion or dyspepsia. Sometimes people suffer intentrain over tne I.eart which is not heart dueasa at a'l, but caused by indigestion.Whatever f-e cause, there's just one remedy that yoa can turn to knowingthat it has t,iven satisfaction for over 4 J yea.3.DR. PIEKCE'SOOLDM MBDIGAL DISCOVERYis a blood clcansci and alterative that starts the liver and ctcrrach into vigorousaction. It thus assists the body to manufacture rcn red blood which feeds theheart nerves brain and organs of the body. The organs work smoothly lik2raachincy running in oil. You feel clean, sircng and strenuous instead of tired,v.eak and faint Nowadays joa can obtain Dr. Pisrce's Golden Medical Discovery Tablets, as well as the liquid form from all medicine dealers, or tabletsby mail, prepa.d in $1 or 50c size. Adress R. V. Pierce, II. D., Buffalo, N. Y.DR. PIERCE'S GREAT J008 PAGfi ILLUSTRATED COMMON SEKSB MEDICALADVISER WILL BB SE!T FREE, CLOTH EOOND UCR 31 01 T-CT STAMPS.PThreePOR COAL BUYERSDon't think that any coal is as" good asox Ridge and Pioneer becauseclosely imitated in name.Don't deceive yourself into thinking thatx any Kentucky coals are of the highquality of Fox Ridge and Pioneer.Don't allow others to mislead you intobelieving that any Kentucky coalsare equal to Fox Ridge or Pioneer.Dodson DentonThe Home of GoodCoalYards, South Main St. Both Phonesj140(tff$&&xgZZ&1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.,GREAT TORNADO SALETO-DAYtwin Bios. Midi SfoieCorner Seventh and (Main Sts.Dry Goods, Ladies' and Misses' Skirts, Waists, Shoes and'Millinery, Slightly Soiled, Big Bargains.What could be better for town or country buildingsthan a roofingthat won't bunr won't leak that is lightning proof lasts as longas the building itself, and never needs repairs ?Cortright Metal Shingles meet every one of these requirements.Beware of imitations--None genuine without the words " CortrightReg. U. S. Pat Off. stamped on each shingle.. v For Sale by KBest & Hawkins,mDont'sm&ASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works for him. He will reply:ATTMillersburs, Ky-'-,4ii- xVi i riaaMa1 JLE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS..KY.; AUGUST 26.19131-L1"X?12.500 Mines In ihe United States.KThe Engineering and Mining Journal says mere are about 6,500 coal'mines in the united States and about6,000 metal mines producing and developing. There are nine copper reiineries and 45 smelters, 28 leadsmelting works, 28 zinc and 314 iron.There are 159 open-hearth steel worksand 30 Bessemer works.Happiness.Those who have the most of happiness think the least about it. But inthinking about and in doing theirduty happiness comes because theheart and mind are occupied with ear- lnest thought that touches at a thousand points the beautiful and sublimerealities of the universe.Big Demand for Goat Skins.Seventy-five countries sent goatEkins to the United States last year,India being the largest single sourceof supply. The demand for such skinshas increased greatly in recent years,owing to the needs of the shoe trade,and all grand divisions of the earthare called upon to stock the Americanmarket.Two Great Classes.The human race is divided into twoclasses: those who go ahead and dosomething, and those who sit and ask,"Why wasn't it done the other way?"Holmes.down the throat of a "gapey"chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinking: waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofEourbonPoultryCureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle ofthis medicine on hand. Write for free sampleand Booklet on "Diseases of Fowls." Address,BOURBOK REMEDY COMPANY, Lexington, Ky.For Sale by "W. T. Brooks'4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Are GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO RISKSV If You Are InterestedfJi:, Write UsUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000fully PaidX CANCER CURED! guarantee every case f un-X dertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris. 3DR. WM. R. SMITH, JParis, Ky.OMartin BrosFurniture Moving,City Transferand First-Calss- LiveryOur Facilities forHeavy Hauling isGood.OurLivery is as good as theother fellows. Horses-fedby the week or month.We -would appreciate ashare of your business.'Prompt attention given allorders.Both Phones 260.MARTIN BROS.,Eighth St.Paris, KentuckyBOURBON FAIR.THURSDAY'S AWARDSJACKS AND JENNETS.Best Jack, 3 years old and ovetMyers & MpClintock , Millersburgfirst; A. M. Lord, Nicholas ville, second. Best Jack, 2 years old under 3, J. H.Hopkins, Little Rock, first; A. M.Land, Niqholasville, second.Best Jack, 1 year old and under 2, J.B. Clark & Son, Mt. Sterling, first; A.M. Land, Nicholasville, second.Best Jennet, 3 years old and underA. M. Land, Nicholasville, first; J. B.Clark & Son, Mt. Sterling, second.Best Jennet, 2 years old and under3, A. M. Land, Nicholasville, first;Crouch & Burris, Flat Rock, second.SWEEPSTAKES.Best Jack, any age, J. B. Clark &Son, Mt. Sterling, first.Best Jennet, any age, A. M. Land &Co., first.Best Jack Colt, under 1 year old, A.M. Land &' Co., Nicholasville, first; J.B. Clark & Son, Mt. Sterling second.FINE HARNESS GELDINGS.Best gelding, 4 years old and over,Matlick & Shropshire, first; Cay wood& Hamilton, second.Best gelding, 3 years old and under4, G. G. Henett, Georgetown, first; J.J. Hunter, Millersburg, second.SPECIAL FOR HARNESS HORSES.Best stallion, Mare or Gelding, 4 ormore to fill, Matlick & Shropsire, first;Matlick & Shropshire, second; Caywood & McCray Bros., third.SADDLE HORSES.Best stallion, 4 years old and over,H. A. Powers, Paris, first.Best stallion, 3 yers old and under4, E. K. Thomas & Son, first; Matlick & Shropshire, second.Best stallion, 2 years old and under3; J. T. Collins- & Son, first; G. T.Beckett, Cynthiana. second.Best stallion, 1 year old and under2, E. K. Thomas, first; J. P. Beaty,Lexington, second.Best stallion colt under 1 year old,J. T. Collins & Son, North Middletown,first; R. H. Boardman, second.SWEEPSTAKES FOR SADDLE.Best stallion, any age, E. K. ThomasParis, first; H. A. Powers, Paris, second. Best mare or gelding, any age, Matlick & Shropshire, first; Cay wood &McCray Bros., second; E. K. Thomas& Son, third.BABIES HEALTH SHOW DEPARTMENT. Class B Most nearly perfect baby,mentally and physically, over one yearand under two years, judged by committee of doctors on 20 points, according to Dr. Holt-s Standard. Girl $2in merchandise, given by People'sPharmacy. Nancy C. Hancock, average 93, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Arthur Hancock; Wilma Hazel Gatson, 91, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. O.I. Gaston, North Middletown.Boy $2 in merchandise, given byClarke & Co. Benj. F. Bedford, Jr.,average 95, son of Mr. and Mrs.Benj. F. Bedford. Virgil Gaitskill, Jr.,average 93&, son of Mr. and Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill; Ira C. Evans, average94, son of Mr. and Mrs. JamesEvans.FRIDAY'S AWARDSBest fancy turnout, -decorated, anddriven by gentleman and lady L. L.Haggin, Fayette county, first; w. A.Holt, Paris, second.Best horse mule, 3 years and overGentry, Thompson & Duvall, of Lexington, first; Chas. Martin, Millersburg, second.Best horse mule, 2 years and under 3Gentry, Thompson & Duvall, first.Best horse mule, 1 and under 2 yearsGentry, Thompson & Duvall, first;W.S. Meng, North Middletown, second.Best horse mule colt John Marr, ofBourbon, first; Joe McConnaughey, ofLittle Rock, second.Best mare mule, 3 years and overMillfrsburg Coal & Lumber Co., first;Gentry, Thompson & Duvall, second.Best mare mule, 2 and under 3 yearsGentry, Thompson & Duvall, firstand second.Best mare mules, 1 and under 2 yearsGentry, Thompson & Duvall, firstand second.Best mare mule colt W. F. Sanders,Millersburg, first; Marr & Ralls, Millersburg, second.Best suckling mule, either sex W.F. Sanders, first, Gentry, Thompson &Duvall, second; Marr & Ralls third; R.M. Gilkey, North Middletown, fourth.Best team of mules, shown to farmwagon Gentry, Thompson & Duvall,first.Best mule any age Gentry, Thompson & Duvall. first.Best mule mare with foal at side W.F. Sanders, first; Gentry, Thompson &Duvall, second.Best mare or gelding, under 15.2 taildocked or tied Uaywood & McCray,North Middletown, first; Nathan Bayless. Paris, second.Best mare, -i years and over Matlack & Shropshire, Winchester, first;Caywood & McCray, North Middletown,second.Best mare, 3 year and under 4 Caywood & McCray, North Middletown,first.Best mare, 2 years and under 3Caywood & McCray, first; E. K.Thomas, Bourbon, second.Best mare, 1 year and under 2-E.K. Thomas, first; Collins & Son, second.Best filly colt Homer Smart, Bourbon, first;'Collins & Son, second.Best gelding, 4 years and olderMatlack & Shropshire, first; E. K.Thomas, second.Bestjgelding, 3 years and under 4W. B. Mcllvain, Cynthiana, first.Best boy rider under 14 years, livingin Bourbon H. S. Gay wood, Bourbon,first; Richard Hopkins, Bourbon, second. Best walking mare or gelding J.M. Terry, Cynthiana, first; W. L.Crim, second.Best walking horse, mare or gelding,owner to ride and live in Bourboncounty C. C. Clark, North Middletown,first; James McClure, Paris, second.Best pair harness horses, stallions,mares or geldings Cay wood & McCray,first.Best pair of matched Shetland ponies,driven by girl Lucile Caywood, NorthMiddletown, first.Best lady driver, accompanied bygentleman Mrs. Robert McCray, ofNorth Middletown, driving a team belonging to Caywood & McCray, first;Mrs. B. W.. Rash, of North Middletown, second.1 The big cake-walk' attracted a bigcrowd to the amDhitheatre,every available 'seat in the stand being occupied.There vere six colored couples competing for the prizes, and the contest resulted as follows: George and AnnieThomas, of Paris, first; Brown &Brown, of St. Louis, Mo., second; BullDavip and Carrie 'Flock, Atlanta, Ga.,third, iPOULTRY.The awards in the poultry department were 'awarded yesterday and areas follows:Barred Plymouth Rocks Cocks, J.D. Worman, first and second; hens,Wtm. Wirsh, first, J. D. Worman,second; cockrels, J. D.' Worman, firstand second; pullets, Wm. Wirst, firstand second; J. D. Worman.White Plymouth Rock Cocks, Mrs.E.S. Jack, first and second; hens, Mrs.E. -S. Jacks, first and second; cockrels, Mrs. B. S. Jack, first, M. V.Offutt, second; pullets, Mrs. E. S.Jack, first and second; pen, Mrs. E. S.Jack.Buff Plymouth Rock Cocks, Wm.Wirsh, first, H. D. Burtin, second;cockerel, H. D. Burton, first pullets, H.D. Burton, first and second; pens, H.D. Burton.Silver Laced Wyandottes Cocks,Miss Fannie Graham Jones, first andsecond; pens, Wm. Wirsh, first, MissMary Graham Jones, second; cockerels, Mrs. Mary Graham Jones, firstand second; pullets, Miss Mary Graham Jones, first and second; pens,Mrs. Mary Graham Jones, first andsecond.Golden Wyandottes Cocks, Wm.Wirsh, first; hens, Wm. Wirsh; pens,Wm. Wirsh.S. C. Rhode Island Reds Cock,Harris Lehman, first and second;hens, Harris Lehman, first and second; cockerel, Harris Lehman, firstand second; pullets, Harris Lehman,first and second; pens, Harris Lehman. Rose Comb R. I. Reds Cock, BenT-ume, first, Thos .Kiser second; hen,Ben Tume, first and second; cockerel,Ben Tume, first and second; pullet,Ben Tume, first and second; pen, BenTume, first and second.Brahmas Any Variety Cock, Harris Lehman, first and second; hen,Harris Lehman, first and second;cockrel, Harris Lehman, first and second; pullet, Harris Lehmn, first andsecond; pen, Harris Lehman, first andsecond.Langshans Any variety Cock, E.S. Jack, first and second; hen M. V.Offutt, first, E. A. Jack, second; cockerel, E. A. Jack, first and second; pullet, E. A. Jack, first and second; pen,E. A. Jack, first, W. V. Offutt, second.Single Comb Buff Orphington Cock,R. A. Childs, first, H. S. Thompson,second; hen, H. S. Thompson, first andsecond; cockerel, H. S. Thompson,first, R. H. Chiles, second; pullet, Mattie King, first, H. S. Thompson second; pen, H. S. Thompson, first, J. D.Bell, second.Single Comb White OrphjngtonsCock, W. B. Gwynn, first and second;hen, W. B. Gynn, first, Mrs. WalterKenney, second; cockerel, Mrs. Walter Kenney first and second; pullett,Mrs. Walter Kenney, first and second;pen, Mrs. Walter Kenney, first, W. B.Gwynn, second.Single CombBlack Minorcas Cock,E. L. Adams, first; cockerel, E. L.Adams, first; pullet, E. L. Adams, fistand second.Single Comb Brown LeghornsCockerel, Wm. Wirst, first; pullet,Wm. Wirsh, first.Single Comb White LeghornsCock, Eggland Farm, first, Wm. Wirshsecond; hen, Eggland Farm, first andsecond; cockerel Eggland Farm, first;Wm. Wirsh, second; pullet, EgglandFarm, first and second; pen, EgglandFarm, first and secondSingle Comb Buff Leghorns Cock,Wm. Wirs"h, first, J. S. Smithers second; hen, Wm. Wirsh, first and second; cockerel, J. J3. Smithers, first,Wm . Wirst, second; pullett, Wm.Wurst, first, J. S. Smithers, second;pen, J. S- Smithers, first; Wm. Wirst,second.B. B. Game Bantoms Best Pair,Root. Berryman, first.Golden Seabright Bantams Bestpair, Wm. Wirst, first.Best exhibit of poultry by boy orgirl under 15 years, Walther Kenney,first, Marion Mathers, second, VictorO'Neal, third.Winner largest number blue ribbonsin poultry, Wm. Wirsfc.Turkeys Best Bronze gobbler, Miller Ward, first.Pair Buff Cochin Bantams H. D.Burton first, Robert Berryman, second; pen, H.' B. Burton, first RobertBerryman, second.Pair Black Bantam Robert Berryman, first; pair White Cochin Bantams, Robert Berryman, first.Best yearling Bronze gobbler, Miller Ward, first; best yearling Narragganset hen, Mrs. Sallie Adair; bestyearling White Holland gobbler, Mrs.Sallie Adair, first; best yearling WhiteHolland hen, Mrs. Sallie Adair, first.Geese Best pair White Emden, J.R. Brooks, first.Best pair Indian Runner ducks, Harris Lehman, first and second.Model Houdans R. H. Chiles, first,cockerel, first; pullet, first.R. C. Bown Leghorn Cock, Wm.Wirsh, cockerel, Wm. Wirsh; pullet,Wm. Wirsh.Red Comb White Leghorn Cock,Wm. Wirst, first; hen, Wm. Wirst,first; pullet, Wm. Wirsh, first.Single Comb Ham Cock, Wm.Wirsh, first and second; cockerel,Wm.Wirsh, first and second; pullet, Wm.Wirsh, first and second; pen, Wm.Wirsh, first and second.White Crested Black Polish Cock,Wm. Wirsh, first; hen, Wm. Wirsh,first pullet, Wm. Wirsh, first.Patridge Wyandottes Cock, HarrisLehman, first and second; hen, Harr7oLehman, first and second; cockerel,Harris Lehman, first and second;pullet, Harris Lehman, first and second; pen, Harris Lehman, first andsecond.Columbia Wyandottes Cock, M.issLouise White, first; hen, Miss LouiseWhite, -first and second.From New York to Hawaii by thepresent all-water route is 12,8000 milesbut by the Panama Canal thisvvvlll becut down t o7,000 .miles.mssmCARING FOR MOULTING HENSTo Hurry Fowls Along They Must BeFed Liberally Feed Them Mashand Plenty of Grain.Some people make a dreadful fussabout the poor moulting hen, whilethis moulting process is just as natural as it is for a hen to live andbreathe and no more critical than thelaying stunt, provided the hens arefed enough to keep up the waste ofthe body and at the same time manufacture the new feathers, says theField and Farm. The sooner the feathers are grown the sooner the eggswill come and to hurry them along asfast as possible the fowls should befed liberally. Give them all themash they will eat and a good feeding of grain at night.To many folks it looks like throwing away money to practice heavyfeeding while no eggs are coming in,but this is one of the secrets of getting winter eggs. The moulting season is the most critical period in thelife of a hen. Growth of new feathersis a heavy strain on vitality. As thehen is fed on the average ranch itrequires from two to four months torecover from the effects of itBy giving the necessary materialswith which to make the feathers sothat a hen will not have to take themfrom the tissues of her body, she willbe ready for work as soon as she hasher new plumage and often before.Pullets should be handled in the sameway. They are not yet fully developed and will not begin to lay untilthe amount of food they consume isenough to support growth with a surplus to go into something else.SECURE PROFIT FROM DUCKSEggs Can Be Sold at High Prices andThere Is Always Good Demandfor Their Feathers.A nice flock of ducks increases theprofits on the farm every year. TheCLFZ&Zalways a good sale for feathers."They aremuch less trouble thanchickens or turkeys because they seldom die from any kind of disease.Ducks will always take care of them-SrsTnlTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEPHare large enough to eat, sprinklethick curd in their boxes. Shallowvessels should be used for watering.A good plan is to fill a flat panTrio of Colored Rouen Ducks.nearly full of pebbles, and pour inwater. They will drink in the littlepools between the pebbles and be keptfrom getting too wet. After they arethree to four weeks old water "willnot hurt them.The Pekins, Rouens and IndianRunners are the three most popularbreeds, the latter being a perfect eggmachine, but small in size. The Pekins lay well and are excellent tableducks, making a very desirable market duck. They weigh: Adult drakes,8 pounds; young drakes, 7; ducks,7, and young ducks, 6. In all thereare ten varieties of standard bredducks. .HEAD LOUSE ATTACKS CHICKSPoulterer Must Look Closely for Injurious Little Insects in Order toGet Healthy Birds.xy a. kj. BJM.ix.ti, Toiessor of PoultryHusbandry, University Farm, St Paul,The head louse attacks youngchicks generally before they are feathered out, and is first found on thehead with its claws or feeders sunkinto the skin of the head. As theybecome more numerous, they attackthe throat and neck as well. Theremedy is simple, but it takes a littletime. Each chick must have its headgreased with lard, cottonseed oil orolive oil. You will have to look closely to see these insects. They are verydestructive to chickens and must becontrolled or exterminated If the chickis to be healthy.Setting a Turkey.In nearly all cases it will be beat toallow the turkey hen to hatch oat hersecond laying of eggs. The weatheris usually warm and settled, and shewill raise them with very little trouble. Singer is Layer.The singing hen is the layer and Ifthere is not song among your flocksomething is wrong and you' shouldimmediately ascertain what.it is andremedy it. . v( -NSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNs Sunday, M 31$1.251RoundTrip-jSPECIALLeaves GEORGETOWN 7:45amASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED E1BAL1E1.BOTH'PHONES-Dai 137; NIGHT 299.Twin Bros.' Department Store701-703 Main Street, Corner Seventh .See Our Window For$12.50, $15.00 and $18.00 SuitsReduced to$9.98fSTrifsA Snifc am J k" WiV-excellent values. Take ajfull lino 2V,o T4 Cw"u' jawMen andBoys wear.L. Wollstein,Special Rates & Excursions.Eucursiorf to Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, slug,$1.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.Tickets good on special A trainonly.Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to ' Sept 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address."W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, TA.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleedlncr and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching1 at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 81.00.j WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky."Roxic" Dai$!Che Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire,"" Wind,Lightning ::::::::: -Biggest and Best Paying- Companies.Give Old "Nub" aXall.2 Helios 137-:11.25RoundTripTRAINU. ..! j tJl aiicj diia colors and are""look at them. We also have a -cl;..,. i ., . , 'p mris ana everything thJ5Propri or. ;Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Publicronage Solicited.Patlew BarbershopWindsor Hotel.3Modern Equipment,Polite'Service."A13SEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty. ,CARL CRAWFORDSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeTS?.We pay 121-2c for greenl)eef hides. Call ,us upor bring it to our place. v.3?,MAX MUNICH,8th Street, - PARIS, R;-' Call East-. Tenn. Phone 374 lv',;c,- Y i ' '''-$Hr V jtJf,rl', ' . , - . Lf , J w - - i",r-tXItT3'N? "$ " ' " V "n-s.."TLHE BOURBON 'NEWS, PARIS, BplIRBdN COUNTY, 'k, .," AUGUST 26. 1913t!. )t?tJVifTHE WONDERFUL ETAWAH TOTROT AT LEXINGTONBJUwali, the most discussed 3-year-oldtrotter of 1913, will be put to tliefiwpreme test on Tuesday, October 7,the second day of the Kentucky Trotting Horse Breeders' Assocition's forty-firstannual race meeting at Lexington. Etawah is going to start in thethree-yer-old. division of the $21,000Kentucky Futurity, which is to be decided on that day, and which for twenty years has been regarded throughoutthe world as the three-yer-old trottingchampionship race.Etawah. is a truly wonderful raceliorse, and there -is justification for theexpectation of mnay close observersexpectation of jnany close observersof the sport that he will lower the-world's record of 2:04 for rotters of3iis age, made at Lexington by ColoradIt., October 15, 1910. Etawah is asmall bay colt, not quite 15 hands,with, sound legs and almost sightlesseyes, but with a wonderfully smoaoth-way of going. In a word, he is something decidedly out of the ordinary aliorse that every trotting devoteewants to see. He is by Al Stanley5:08, dmAlicia Arion, which had norecord but could trot a mile around2:16.Bred by J. D. Hooper at Murfreesloro, Tenn., he was broken and trained from the time he was a yearling byBen Whitehead, and first came intonotice on the half-mile track lastspring. Whitehead won the three-yer-oldtrotting sweepstakes at North Randall with him, and after he had won itin 2:104 and 2:094 defeating PeterJohnston, Sweet Alice and other starters, Frank G. Jones, the wealthy Memphis sportsman, bought him and puthim in the string of the veteran Edward Gears. Driven by Mr. Geers hewon the Horsemn Futurity at Kalamazoo, Mich., and lowered the three-bestrecord for three-year-olds.At Detroit he was matched againstged horses Densmore, Behomore, FanPatch, Lady Grattan and Baron Penn,nd defeated them in 2:07, 4 2:08&,still further lowering the world's threeheat record for three-year-olds. Buts good as he is it is by no means a certainty that he will win the great Kentucky Futurity, for out of 60 eligiblesto that race it is to be expected thatthere will be several worhy conenders,some of which are now virtually unknown quntities, that will make a bitter contest for supremacy.MADISON MASONS TOOBSERVE CENTENNIALThe Masons of Richmond and Madison county are preparing to celebratethe centennial anniversary of Richmond Lodge No. 25 with a big picnic today. The Masons of Kentuckyhave been invited to report at the Masonis Temple in Richmond at 9:30 a.m., to receive souvenirs, then join inthe parade from the Temple to thecampus of the Eastern Normal Schoolwhere the picnic will be spread.After the history of Richmond LodgeNo. 25 is read Govornor Jas. B. McCreary, who is a member of old No. 25GovernorMcCrery' hasnnishe?, MACHINE FOR TESTING EGGSfried chicken dinner will be served by '-the wives and daughters of Madison Electric "Daylight" Tester Has Intercounty Masons. i estlng Automatic Features AgeAfter the luncheon oddresses will be ' May Be Determined.made by the Attorney-General of Ken-1tucky, Hon. Jas. Garnett, Past Grand Testing eggs outdoors or in a roomMaster of the Grand Lodge off Ken-1 having ordinary 1Ightf here feggs mayUVA.J, CUIXVX UCU3. 1 . OHUUUC1S, VL OLUil'ford, author of several oookks on FreeMasonry. When Messrs. Garnett andSaunders have concluded their talks awatermelon fest will be enjoyed, melons from the fmous Wco section being served. xA reception and dance at MasonicTemple Tuesday night for the Masons.and their families wil be given.MAN WANTED IN WINCHESTERIS ARRESTED IN PARISV. C. Miller, wanted in Winchester,was arrested in this city Friday nightand returned to that city by PatrolmanDykes. Miller was arrested on a-chardge of drunkenness, when it wasfound that he was the man wanted ona charge of jumping his bond of $100.Mille, it is alleged, engaged in a gene&l fight in which C. S. Brooks wasso "badly injured that he was taken tothe Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, where it is feared he cannotsurvive. Miler was arrested an d released on $100 bond for ssaulting AlHawkes and Ed Dvis. When he wastaken into custody he had a live chicken in his shirt.ARE YOU RUN DOWN?Awaken to the Danger andWeakened Kidneys.Aid theKidney sickkness often runs youdown to the verge of collapse beforeyou know the cause. When you seem-unable to pin your mind to any task,your back aches and you caanot do anordinary day's work, it is time to askyourself this question: "Are my kidneys working right?" The answer maybe easily found.Weak kidneys slacken their filteringwork and the uric acid circulates with j'tne Diood, in many cases, attackingtne Dram, nerves, muscles and vitalorgans. Don't wait for the serioustrouble begin using Doan's KidneyPills when you feel the first backacheor first notice urinary disorders. Thisremedy has given new life andStrength to thousands.Proof of merit in a Paris citizen'sstatement:Mrs. Hodge, 221 West Street, Paris,Ky., says: "I had dizzy and nervousspells and my head and back ached,s&owing that my kidneys were weak.When I saw Doan's Kidney Pills advertised I used them and they gavem& entire relief.".For sale by all dealers. Price 50c."Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, New Yorksole agents for the "United States.Remember the name Doan's and-take no other.For Sale.Ninety black-faced ewes, 2 and 3yars old. Raised by Catesby Woodoci, and every one a good one.(2tf2t) M. J. MURPHY.FARMNEW CURE FOR SWELL-HEADLet the Fowls Go by Themselves,v Separating From Others, If ItCan Be Done Conveniently.(By MRS. E. M. STETSON. California.)There is a practice among poultrypeople to catch a fowl with swellhead and squeeze the white matterout, thinking that this will relieve thebird of its corruption and cause it toget well.This is entirely wrong. A sac orcovering surrounds this white matter,keeping it from going any furtherthan the one organ. When this sacis broken, as it must necessarily beby the breaking of its outside coveringin order to eject it from the eye, thecontagion is allowed to go down thenose 'and spread to the whole head.The bird is then a hopeless case, forthere is no remedy now but the ax.The matter which will be found in theblood of the fowl is also of a verycontagious nature and contact withother organs will cause them to takeon similar conditions of corruption anddecay.If the bird is kept in a warm placeand is fed on highly stimulating andnutritious food the blood will finallyright itself, but it cannot do so ifthe virus of the disease throughoutthe entire head.The proper way to do is not totouch the head, just letting the fowlsgo by themselves; this is better thanthe squeezing treatment, but separatethem if convenient from the otherchickens and keep warm and feed allthey will eat.If the eye is not pecked by the otherchickens, as in fighting over food, orthe sac is not broken, there is nospecial danger of the other birds catching the disease, even if they are allowed to run together.We spent several dollars for roupmedicine, worked incessantly, causingj ourselves and the poor chickens untold misery by trying the squeezingout method, and always lost the cases.Now we let them run and, save for ablind eye, we seldom ever have onedie.be sorted and crated at themachinesame itime, is possible with thehere shown. The outfit is about threefeet long, with a roller at each endover- wnicn an endless canvas oeitmoves, adouc six incnes apart on, this belt are small metal saucers, each, of which holds an egg, says the Popu-lar Electricity. Centrally locatedabove the belt is an electric lamp, re-ceiving current Ifrom a regular light-ing circuit ; or from 24, dry batteries. , scare him tnan anything elseand oer the lamp is placed a hood1Duliet wassed thronp-h th ton nf ,,having an opening in the top.The belt is run by turning a crank,and the electric lamp automaticallylights when, an egg passes over it, revealing the condition of the egg to( 1An ElectricDaylight" Egg TesterHavingtures.Interesting Automatic Fea-the person looking into the hood. Another interesting feature of the machine is the automatic turning of theegg upon the belt, thus enabling thetester to examine it on all sides. Theage may be determined by the waythe egg has settled in the shell. Aperfectly fresh egg shows a clean,deep orange color, while a bad one isalmost black.As the eggs pass under the hood,the good ones are left to roll out on acanvas extension table, while the badones are removed by hand.Keep Selecting the Best Hens.Constant selection is the only wayto get your flock up to where youwant it. When you see a good bird,look carefully and note well her characteristics. Put her in a breedimg penand use her as a breeder anotheryear. Do this throughout the summer and when fall comes you willhave made your selection of the bestbirds and a breeding pen of the bestyou have.Build Up Utility.There is only one way to buHd upthe utility of a flock and that is bycareful selection. If each year wesave only the eggs from the very bestlayers for hatching purposes, each generation will .become better layers.This work can be greatly assisted byobtaining males from a heavy layingstrain.Tainted Food Dangerous.Letting the birds get at tainted foods dangerous business this time ofyear.BOURBON FAIR CLOSES.(Continued from rage 1.)wood & Hamilton, first; E. K. Thomassecond.Best model horse, 3 years old andunder Collins & Redmon, first;Speakes Bros., second.Gentleman Rider.Best gentleman rider; riding tocount 50 per cent; horse and appointments to count 50 per cent. Roy McCray, North Middletown, first; HenryS. Caywood, second.(Left from Friday) Best Saddlemare or gelding Matlack & Shropshire, first; Caywood & McCray Bros.,second; E. K. Thomas, third.Worst Turnout Mason Forsythe,first; Holt Daniel, second.(Left from Friday) CombinedHorse Chas. Hamilton, first; N. H.Byless, Paris, second.Sweepstakes for Heavy DraftHorses, special ring L. L. Haggin,Fayette, first; James Caldwell, Paris,,second.Babies' Health Show Department.(Mrs. W. H. Whitley, Supt.)Sweepstakes First Given by theFair Directors for the highest scoremade by baby of any age BenjaminF. Beedford.Jr., score 954, son of Mr.F. Bedford, Jr., score 95, son of Mr.county.Second Given by Babies' HealthLeague for the .second highest score,made by the baby of any age Jmes E.Clay, 95, son of Mr. nd Mrsa. SamuelClay, Bourbon county.TO PERPETUATE MEMORYOF SIMON KENTON.At the ltitle village of Zanesfield,Logan County, Ohio, the 25th anniversary of the saving of the life of SimonKenton, by the "White Indian" renegade, Simpn Girty, was rehearsed bythe citizens of the town, and a fundstarted to erect a monument to Ken-4-fcw '- wi rw if Tiwn nr 4"li r am i ni- m nnf ILVJJ. O JUICIUUIJ'. i-UU115 U1C CllttLlUCIlU-vP 4-1- i-v nn o-fto vt- iirli irtli Tiro c innlicfrcally carried out, even to the runningof the gauntlet a barbecue was prepared, and boiled sweet corn soup washerved to all comers. Kentucky woulddo well to follow the example of hersister State in keeping fresh in thememory of the rising generation theimportant part played by that littleband of Anglo-Saxon woodmen,through whose sturdy heroism we areheirs to-day to fertile fields and wooded (upland. And what better place toold Blue Licks, on whose surroundinghills the death dealing flint of the savage warrior is yet to be found? Whatan opportunity for one of the aspirantsfor Senatorial honors next fall to makea ten-strike. Carlisle Mercury.YOU WILL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction(18-tf)by traing atFELD'S.SHOWMAN FINED $50FOR DISCHARGING WEAPON.. S. Moore, a showman, operatingwhat was nown as the Hippodrome atthe Fair grounds last week, was fined$50 and given ten dys in jail in'Squire Fretwell's court yesterdaymorning for discharging a levolver onthe grounds.The evidence showed that Moore haenaged in a difficulty with Mose Wat-ms, u utsgru uomg a turn with thePlantation show TllP trrmVilo rnomi, red Saturday morning in front of theliving tent of Moore, who alleged thatthe negro had. made a number of visitsto the place and had directed some remarks to his little daughter, Bertha,aged 15.He said he told the negro repeatedlyft " f ?.gS ntent. When the shot was fired he negro grppled with Moore and with theaid of another negro succeeded in taking the revolver way from him.Moore was placed under arrest andtaken to jail He was represented byJudge Harmon Stitt, wh o. announcedhe would appeal the case.NEW JOURNALISTIC WONDERS.Robert Donald, editor of the DailyChornicle and President of the Insti-tute or Journalism, painted a strikingpicture or tne newspaper ot the futurein his presidential addres at annualmeeting of the institute in New York.Mr. Donald said if he "were to attempt to forecast the future he wouldsay that newpapers would be fewer innumber. The tendency toward combination would increase and colossal circulations would continue to grow. Headded:"The newspaper of the future willnot contain less reading matter, butits pages will be smaller, methods ofdistribution will be quicker and circulation will cover greater areas."Airships and aeroplanes will be used for the most distance centers.Electric planes and motorplanes running on special tracks will also beused. In all the chief centers of population pepers will be distributed byelectric or pneumatic tubes. Morningand evening papers will be merged andeditions will come out almost everyhour of he day and inght."News will be collected by wirelesstelephone and a reporter will alwayshave a portable telephone with himwith which he will communicate withhis paper without the trouble of goingto a telephone. The wireless telephone messages will be delivered tothe sub-editors in printed columform."At people's recreation halls, withthe cinematograph and the gramophone or some other more agreeableinstrument of mechanical speech, allhe news of the day will be given hotfrom its source."People may becom too lazy to readand the news wil be laid on to houseor office just as gas and water now.People will listen to the account of thenews of the day read to them by amuch improved smethod while sittingin the garden or a householder willin, the colum form by a printing pressmhis hall just as we have typema-l shines in offices now." ANOTICE.City tax lists for theyear 1913 are now inmy hands for collection, at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.COLORED FAIR WILLOPEN IN PARIS TODAYThe annual exhibition of the coloredBourbon County Agricultural Association will open today at the BourbonFair grounds to continue throughouttheweek. The exhibition promses tobe one of unusual interest from thefact that the colored people of thiscounty always have a fair that is worthy of note. Some very attractivepremiums are ottered m the variousclasses.HOW THE TROUBLE STARTS.Constipation is the cause of manyailments and disorders that make lifemiserable. Take Chamberlain's Tablets, keep your bowels regular and youwill avoid these diseases. For sale byall dealers. '(August)NOTICE.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of J. H. Linville,deceased, will please come and settlesame at once ; also those having claimsagainst said estate will please presentthem, properly proven as prescribedby law, to undersigned.W. V. HUFFMAN,Administrator J. H. Linville.Notice to MerchantsOn and after this date I will not beresponsible for any accounts contracted by other persons in my name unlessgame is made upon a written order,signed by myself." W. M. GILLESPIE,Paris, Ky., Aug. 1, 1913.FOR SALE.Durock Jersey Boars. Choicelybred. Ready for service.SIDNEY G. CLAY,Cumberland phone 726. Paris, Ky.19-3tSTAR BLOOMER GIRLS,Ladies' Champion Base BallClub, Vs.Paris Athletic Club,White Park, Friday, Aug. 29At TheBluegrass ParkSunday,September 7th,Rev. Quarles, Mg'r.Round-Trip Fare From ParisOnly 75 Cents.$400Is What t ae Average untrained Manramea man$1000receives, trainedManY. M. C. A. SchoolsIwnj, HEI,P YOUDay and Night Classes OpenSeptember 1 .NIGHTiLAWadvertisingsalesmanshipautomobile;'shorphandBOOKKEEPINGTaught by men who know. Cut out andmail to-clav for complete catalog. mName . r :'Address''"' " ' " I:Colored Gamp meeting!KENTUCKY UNIVERSITYFOOTBALL -SCHEDULE.The following is the football schedule for Kentucky UniyersityrSeptember 20 Alumni at Lexington.September 27 Open.October 4 Illinois, at Urbana. vOctober 11 Open.October 18 Ohio Northern, at Lexington. October 25 Cincinnati, at Lexington. November 1 Earlham, at Lexington. November 8 Wilmington College atLexington.November 15 Marshall College, atLexington.November 22 Louisville, at Louisville. November 27 (Thanksgiving) University of Tennesse at Lexington.WINDINSURANCEFire andLightning-Mas !12 Big CompaniesU8To NewHousekeepers !Having bought outjfa3big boarding house in jCincinnati of a full line of Bed Room and Kitchen SFurniture, consisting of Bed Room Sets, Kitchenand t Dining Room Furniture, also Front andReception Room Furniture. Not haying room tocarry it, I am offering to sell cheap for cash anyitem in'thehouse to make room for my general linefor Fall and Winter. Apply toJ. ELVOVE,Paris, Kerrtuck:yOur Call Home Phone 3601fCBourbon CollegeFor Young- LadiesOpensTuesday, September gthPrimary, Prearatory and Collegiate Departments.Twelve in Faculty. All Specialists.Music, Art and Expression Unusually Strong.Bourbon College is situated on one of the highestpoints in the City of Paris. Large and beautiful campus.Building fitted up with all 'modern conveniencies andequipments.For Aurmal, address,Mrs. M. G, Thomson, Principal,Paris, KentuckyGOOD REASON FORHIS ENTHUSIASMSWhen a man has suffered for Trr'days with colic, diarrhoea or otherform of T)owel complaint and is theacured sound and well by one or twodoses of Chamberlain's Colic, Choleraand Diarrhoea Remedy, as is often the -case,it is but natural that he should? 'be enthusiastic in his praises of theremedy, and especially is this the caseof a severe attack when life is threatened. Try it when in need of such aremedy. It never fails. Sold by al$dealers. "(August)Genius. vGenius is the art of taking infinite'pains. Carlyle.-i -Wood!J!m9P WW Wltrxs!.N-:t Vte"-Aj rA'.?B- z.i.JW-A""Ki"- --,-.jTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYAUGUST 26, 19! 3I yIkjrru:,IM Slrtrap fL&IKfp WrT ff JT a0000Srx-oiT i m iHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADECATHOLIC LADIES TO OPENSCHOOL WITH SILVER TEATh Catholic ladies will open thenew school building, located on thecomer of Twelfth and Main streets,with a silver tea on Friday evening,Aug. 29, from 2 to 5, and 7 to 9. Admission 25 cents.RIGHT ARM BROKEN WHILECRANKING AUTOMOBILEMr. Joseph Davis, Jr., suffered a"broken arm Saturday moning whilecranking his father's automohile.The right arm was factured above thewrist. Physicians set the memberand he is now getting along verynicely.FOR EXCHANGE.We have a big stock of wall paper-v?e wish to ecxhange for cash. Pricesvey low.J. T. HINTON.FORMER PARISIAN TOVISIT HIS OLD HOMEMr. J. T. Wiggington, of Miami, Fla.,who was born in this city, with hiswifi and two children will visit oldfrl nds here. Mr. Wiggington has notvi :ted his old home for twelve years,a 1 after a short visit in Lexingtont II come to Parisi for a , short stayVith his family he expects to be inKentucky about two weeks.FALL STYLES NOW READY.We suggest an early inspection ofour Fall line of English and Frenchwoolens.. J. W. DAVIS & CO.WILLIAM JAMES TAKENTOO MASSIE HOSPITALWilliam James, an employe of theParis Gas & Electric Co., who washadly injured Wednesday afternoon bycoming in contact with n electric wire-- i. Dnr!c TToir- fJrminris. Wlieil hehe iras attemnting to remove a wire that.had become crossed with a lead wire,and who has since been confined to hislinmo nnFourth street, was remuveuSunday to the Massie Memorial Hospital fo treatment. M. James, whilesuffering considerably from his injuries, is improving.FOR SALE.All Crex rugs, mattings, carpets,tuss. etc., at greatly eauceu !-J. T. HINTON.NEGROWOMANUSINGFINED FORSAD LANGUAGEwoman, wasTnsiP. Caere, a negrofined ?17.50 in Judge January'sxTctorfJnv morning for usmcourtob-c--na. lanjrnnsre on the streetsSatur-day night.This is a practice indulged in everynight on the streets of Paris, and thecity officials would do well to make anexample of several of these offenders.The negro women are decidedly worsethan the men and the language theyuse in the presence of white men. andwomen is something fierce, ilrood work go on.the- ICE CREAMSUPPER ATMT. CARMEL CHURCHThe ladies of the ML Carmle,w. will trive an ice cream supyeiin the church building .nextnight, to which everyone isAdmission 25 cents.Saturdayinvited.LEADER OF MOB KILLEDUA 3Y MAN IT THREATENEDMillard Maston, aged "21. shot andkilled William Dayton, aged 40, at Mt.Olivet, Sunday night, while Daytonwas leading a mob to capture himMaston was taken to Maysville forsafe keeping. He claims self-defenseLast Tuesday Maston ws acquitted ota crime against his sister, who is in adelicae condition and a mob ggatheredto take the law in it hands. The waywas led to Maston's home by Dayton,who forced open the door, and wasshot to death, by the boy, who fired asingle-barreled shot gun. When theleader fell the other members of themob fled.OURMERCHANT TAILORINGDEPARTMENT.Is chuck full of new ideas insuitings, black and white, bluewhite-, crav and brown novelties,Fallandinin-exclusive weaves. We ask youtospect them at once.J. W. DAVIS & COBALL PLAYER INJUREDWHEN STRUCK BY FOUL' During a game of ball at wnite arK:Sunday afternoon Earl Swearingen, a" city mail carrier, who was playingleft for the Pais Athlretic Club, wasstruck in the face when he fouled aball, and was so badly injured that he-was foced to etire from the game.' Sweringen was batting at a ratherwild pitcher and the ball had beenthrown close to his body. In his effort' to get out of the way of the ball it accidenally struck the bat and boundedto his face. As a result of the blow anugly wound was inflicted on the rightcheek, and the eye badly bruised."While he is not seiously injured hewill be confined to the house for several days.SCHOOL BOOKS CASH.. We .are merely agents for the American School Book Co., and sell theirgoods on a small commission, so we.)l leauire cash for all school books.DonY send the cliildren for school sup-jplies --vithout the mdney.?,. $6-2t , . PARIS OOK COSOOiAL MO PERSONAL,Mr. Lawrence Price has .gone toTorrent tospend a few days.Mr. Grover Baldwin -is in Chicagofor a ten days' vacation.Mr. Catesby Woodford, of Bourbonvisited in Lexington. Sturday.Mrs. Frank Keith is at the MassieMemorial Hospital for treatment.Mr. Blair Varden is confined to hishome threatened with typhoid fever.Miss Hazel Overby has gone toMackinac, Mich., for a two weeks'stay. sMiss Margaret Baker, of Lexington, is the guest of her cousin, Mrs.B.C. Higgins.Miss Beulah Elkin, of Winchester,is the, attractive "guest of Miss Elizabeth Mann.Miss Hutchings, of Louisville, isthe guest of Miss Anna Wilsonr on Mt.Airy Avenue.Mr and Mrs. Percy Reed, of Memphis, Tenn., are guests of the latter'smother, Mrs. M. A. Paton.Mr. Leon Case and sister, of Covingon, are guess of Dr. and Mrs. F. P.Campbell, on High street.Miss Betsy Ray has returned froma protracted visit to Miss BeatriceJohnson, in Toronto, Canada.Mrs. Jno. I. Bronson, of Jacksonville, Fl., is visiting her amother, Mrs.Cmilla Wilson, on High street.Mr. White Vrden, who has beenquite ill for seveal days, was reportedto be somewhat improved yesterday.City Attorney C. A. McMilln and Mr.O L Davis returned Sunday after someweeks' stay in Michigan and Canadianresorts.Mr. and Mrs. Arhur Hancock andchildren left this week for a visit toMr. Hncock's mother, in Charlottesville, W. Va-Mr. C. O. Hinton left Monday forChicago, where he will attend the annual convention of the Retail Jewelers' Association.Mrs. James H. Thompson left yesterday fo a visit to Mr. and Mrs. A. J.Carroll, at their summer home on thecoast, near Boston,xMass.Mr. Bennett Young, of North Mid-dletown, was taken to the Massie Me-' morial Hospital Friday suffering withan attack of typhoid fever,( Mr and Mrs Clyde Huffman and. daURhter, of Huntington, W. Vaareguess of he former's parens, Mr. andM. J. W. Huffman, on Et Main street.j Prof. Albert H . Morehead has(gone to Lookout Mountain, Tenn., to,join his wife, who with her childrenhas been spending the summer withher mother, Mrs. Zoraa Noa.i Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Blakemorei'Mr. and Mrs. Chas. A. Webber andMisses Mayme and Bessie HolladayI left yesterday for Chicago, making thej trip in Mr. Webber's automobile.Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Ferguson andlittle son, who hve been guests for thei past tnree weeks ot xurs. Fergusonsj parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jno. Pridemore,i ner this cny will leave tonight forI their home in Marietta, Ga., Mrs. Richard Lowndes and son,Mr. Richard Lowndes, Jr., and MissMcDowell, who were theniMQantguests last week of Mr. and Mrs. Mil-ler Ward, have returnedto their ihomes in Danville.Hon. and Mrs. Sidney G. Clay, MissAlice Rogers "Cly nd the guests oftheir house party, and Mr. Tom Prichard, Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champ, MissFrnces Champ and Mr. Walter Martin,were guests from Paris at GrahamSprings Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. Miller Ward left yesterday fo a visit to their son, Mr. ClayWard, at Camp Fitzhugh.Sodus Point,New York. After a weeks' stay therethey will be joined by Mr. and Mrs.Arthur Hancock, and will visit Atlantic City for several weeks.One of the prettiest events of lastweek was the luncheon given at noonon Saturday by Mrs. George Alexander, of Paris, in honor of Mr. CharlttonClay and the members of his houseparty. The circular dining table wasdecorated in gree and white and theluncheon was served in numerous delicious courses. ThosepresentMr. and Mrs. Samuel Woolridge,wereVer -sailles;, Miss Mary Leonard Cassell, ) 10:00 Address Mr. Newton L.Miss Anne Clay McDowell nd Mr. j Shropshire, Clintonville Subject:Shelby Harbison, of Lexington; Mr. , "The Purpose of Our Convention."Charlton Clay, Mr. and Mrs. Alexan- 10:15 Paper Miss Allie Evans, Litder, Misses Kate, Marion and Elizajtle Rock Subject "The Training ofbeth Clay Alexander and Mrs. Edith the Child."Bronston, of Paris. j 10 : 25 Address Mr. W. O. Hinton,The Lexington Herald of Sunday i Paris Subject 'The Critical Period"rnntmned the following: "A miscella- 10:40-Address-Mr. J. C. Bryan, Jr,I neous shower given for the bride-elect,at,-oc .Qlio T.PPV nf Paris, bv Mrs. J-..iThPndore Smith.' Friday afternoon,was very attractve in every detailThe house was beautifully decorated. . . -. i--..L 1 .,oU,r rP nutin potted piaius aim a quu.uLiL.y v.flowers. The color scheme of yeillowand white was tastefully carried out inthe decorations and the refreshmeuts.The decortions in the dining roomwere especially uniqxie; an immenseJack Horner pie made of blossomsfrom which Miss Leer drew "plumsof cut glass, silver, linen, etc. adouithirtv-five guests assembled to wishthebride all happiness."A very informal but very enjoyable dance was given by a few of thevnmifrpr set Saturday evening at Elks'Hall from 8 to 12. Those present iwere Miss Saulsbury (Arkansas);Miss Blanton (Richmond) ; Miss Lincoln (Louisville); Miss Hutchings(Louisville) ; Miss Berry (Cincinnati) ;Misses Anna Wilson, uatnerine Vinson , Matilda Jmes, Louise Steele,Elizbeth Brown, Elizabeth Hinton,Mrie Talbott, Frances Champ; MessrsDougls Clay, Graham Young, LucienArnsDrser.G. C. Thompson, Jr., AlvinThompson, John Ardery, Jos. Davis,Jr., Ireland Davis, Blair Varden, DukeBrown, Ernest Martin, Hiram Ros6bery, Hrmon Turner, Harry Horton,ert Jones, Fielding Rogers, EdwardFithian, Clarence Barbee.; Mr. nd Mrs.Swif Champ, Mrs. James Wilsort, Mrs.Charles Fitlmn, Mrs. M. H- Dailey,Mrs. Frank Mr Clay, Ms. Mollie James.,Mrs..E. Brown, of Garrard county,and Mre-. J. W Brndenburg, of Wincheste, are guests of their parents MrandMrs. G. N. McKenney, on Pleasantstredf.Mr. and Mrs. Jack Hutsell, OfWinchester, are visiting Mr. and Mrs.F. P. Kiser.Mrs. Henry Butler and daughter,Miss Ollie Buler, ar e sojourning atOlympian Spings. V rMr. Jas. Baldwin left yesteday forNorfolk, Va., where he will accept aposition with Armour & Co.Mrs. D. S. McKenney has returnedfrom a two weeks' visit to M. andMrs. Lee McKenney, in Covington.Mrs. W. W. Judy gave a lovelymorning card party Wednesday in compliment to Mrs. McPherson, of SaltLake City, and Mrs. Hill, of Dewitt,Arkansas.There were seven tables of five hundred. An ice course was served before the game. Mrs. Judy's guestswere Mesdames McPherson, Hill, F.P. Kiser, W. R. Scott, Custis Talbott,Grover Baldwin, Thornwell Tadlock,Tom Allen, Luther Rice, WoodfordDaniel,, Louis Taylor, Logan Howard,Taylor Chandler, Richard Wills.Misses Lucy Colville, May Colville,Florence Wilson, Bessie Wilson, Fannie Brown, Annie Raines, JeanetteBooks, Corinne Collins, Helen Daughery, Dorohy Talbott, Nannie O'Neal.HUTCHISON SCHOOL TO OPEN.Mrs.T. H. Pryor, teacher of theHutchison school, requests all childrenof that neighborhood to report for duties the first Monday in September.BBorn, in thiswife of Dr. J. A.born.city, Sunday, to theGilkey, a son firstCARLISLEMAN LOSESGROCERYBY FIREThe grocery store of Mr. D. M. Plummer, about two miles from Carlisle onthe Jackstown pike, was destroyed byfire Saturday "" night about 7:30o'clock, the origin jot which is unknown. Mr. Plummer had left thestore only a short time before the firewas discovered. The building together with its contents was a total loss.Mr. Plummer is a son-in-law of Mrs.Lucy Sprake, of this city. About twoyears ago his residence was burned tothe ground and in this fire he lost allof his household effects.PEACHES FOR PRESERVINGIf you want peaches for preservingnow is the time. We have them.(It C. P. COOK & CO.PARISPUBLIC SCHOOLS TOOPEN ON NEXT MONDAY:The public schools of this city willopen next Monday, September 1, fortne regular session. P.ro T. A. Hen-1dricks, who resigned his position assuperintendent of the Cynthinaschool to assume charge of the Parisschools, returned to his home aftertaking a six weeks special course ofi study. He will arrive in Paris thisi week with his wife and three childrenito become settled at their new home., Mr. Hendricks was tendered a receD-tl0n Dy tne business Mens Bible Classor me uyntniana Christian church nfwhich he was a teacher, last Fridayevening. The reception was in thenature of a farewell gathering, and alarge number of his friends wereamong the guests.BIBLE SCHOOL CONVENTIONTO BE HELD WEDNESDAY.The annual convention of the Bibleschools of the Christian church ofBourbon county will be held at theChristian church in North Middletowntomorrow.Delegtes will be in attendance fromall of the county schools and a very interesting program has been arranged.The program follows:MORNING.9:15 Invocation Mr. L. H. Reynolds, North Middletown.9 : 20 Devotional Local School,ledby Mr. John Will Jones, North Middletown. 9:40 Address of Welcome Mr.John Christopherson, North Middle-itown.1 9:50 Special Music.j North Middletown Subject "Reach-, '"5 i-" uuus.10:55 Hymn.11:00 A MessageState Worker.-Mr. W. J. Clark,11:30 Address Mr. F.Subject "The Yalue ofLink."M. Rainsthe Living12:00 Announcements.Etc.Leader of Song Mr. A. H. Morehead.AFTERNOON.1 : 15 Devotional Scripture ReadingMr. R. H. Biddle, Mt. Carmel.Prayer for Blessing Mr. L. C. Anderson, Bethlehem'. v1:25 Uuiform Lesson Study Mr.i,L. A. Soper, Little Rock Subject' "Israel at Mt. Sinai."1:40 Address Mr. W. E. Ellis,Paris Subject "The Advantage ofWinning Boys and Girls to Christ."2:00 Special Music.2 : 10 Business Session.Reading Minutes of Last MeetingMr. J. B. Cray, Millersburg.Reports of Schools.Report of Committees.Convention Offering.Symposium and Conference.2:55 "The Civic Value "of the Organized Class"-r-Mr. Crl Agee, LittleRock. ,3:05 "Boys' Organizations" Mr. C.O. Cossaboom, Millersburg.3:15 Open Discussion, led by Mr.W. J. piark.3:35 Hymn3:40 Address Mr. R. H. Ellett,.Clintonville-SubjectT-"Idels for the"Country Bible Schools."4:00 Benediction.JTSxHORSE wXNT.ED.Wanted tohorse.trade a new piano for aB. C. FULTON,' Paris, Ky.?Care General Delivery.(23-2t) .Special prices onFurniture, Ice CreamFreezers and PorchShades. Old HickoryFurniture goes atcost.tf E. Ml. WHEELER,A WOMAN'S WORKsometimes reduces her strength to thedepths of weakness her devotion tohousehold cares prevents sufficientrest and recreation. Thousands ofwomen in this condition find Scott'sEmulsion exactly what they need: itis predigested body-food so medicallyperfected that every drop yields directreturns in strengthening the organsand tissues and in making healthy,life-sustaining blood. Scott's Emulsionis devoid of alcohol or any harmfuldrugs, and overcomes tiredness andnervousness in a marvelous way.PARIS GRANDTHURSDAY,AUGUSTAll New This Trip!THESMARTSETPresenting the Best MusicalComedy in Years,The WrongMr. President40-P EO P LE-40Mostly Girls, WithSalem Tvtt WhitneyThe Bronze Beauty Chorus.Seats for saleBlakemore "s.at Mitchell &rJ. T.t,.ar,t.;4&dfe?"Vixr?3. T. HINTON1 "NWood Mantelsour Large Stock of Shirt WaistsMust Be Reduced.So we will give the prices anotherbigcut. Come while have your size.Prices on All Summer FabricsReduced.Bi cut onWash Goods,DressEtc.mmtiW. Ed Tucker.unHaBan.aiBaiHawu uo-i 'BaWBMWaaHSaaKKassaanBiaBKaiMBaiMaHiVHM'Ml SIWe Are Now Ready to Show1 YouThe Latest inFALL SHOES!Give us a Call and Look our Stock overBefore IGoing Elsewhere. Special Attention Given to Our Children's Department.Geo. McWilliams,fi PhcwarnPhones 301HINTONLast Chance!jDon't Miss This Opportunity to BuyPO RCHGOODSYou Will Have Lots of Time to Use, Porch Furniture'' THIS YEARHowever, at the Prices We Are Of f er-J:ing, these Goods, You Can Afford toStore Them For Next Season.SAVES YOU MONEYUndertaking ,Imtx.iLinens, Lawns, -IIReceivediIJThe Shoe ManI;vA vSPs1-'Ir0?&s - .-Vlf 1KU1CVI1V. mMR-xIV1- f'J':11r-jl-4rK.:2"V..26, 19! 3.-HE BOURBON , NEWS, PARI!-.,- 5JrtBABY HEALTHCONTEST AT FAIRWill be One of Many Noveltiesof Especial Interestto LadiesMAN LANCED LIONESS' GUMDental Surgery on a Largely-GrownQueen of .the Jungle NoMere Boy's Play.PROMINENT WOMEN HEREExhibits Will Show What PerfectBaby Should Be Mrs. John L.Woodbury, of Louisville, Will Answer All inquiries Regarding Detailsof Contest.A new feature announced for the.coming1. Kentucky State Fair is the, Baby Health Contest, and already ithas attracted a great deal of attention.fThis 'contest is modeled after thosewhich have been so successful in otherstates, notably Iowa, The contest inthis state was first inaugurated in 1911Tjy the Iowa branch of the National-Congress of Mothers, with Mrs. Mary'P. Watts in charge.The Kentucky Federation of Women's Clubs has been asked to co-operate with the Kentucky State Fair,and the chairman of their Health Department, Mrs. Lafon Riker, associated with Mrs. George Grant and.Mrs. Herbert Ottenheimer, of theHealth Committee, will act in an advisory capacity.Uniformity is absolutely essential in""the examination and marking of thechildren in order to secure any resultsof value in a nation-wide movement.The score card, so long and universally used, is such a basis for uniformity that its exclusive use is veryimportant in this work and it has accordingly been adopted by Kentucky.The prizes will be of comparativelysmall amount or value. To offer valuable prizes, or to permit such offersby newspapers, baby food manufacturers, photographers, or others interested in advertising themselves or theirbusiness, would excite the cupidity ofparents, cause a scramble for gain instead of a search for knowledge, and endanger and tend to commercialize thewhole movement.The Babies' Health Contest at thecoming Kentucky State Fair will be incharge of Mrs. John L. Woodbury, of'Louisville, who will be glad to answer""all inquiries regarding the work.Chester, Pa. Thomas Hargreaves,j proprietor of a hotel in 'this city, per-! formed an unusual surgical operationon a young lioness recently. She isa year old and nearly full grown, andfor several days has been actingstrangely and seemed to be in muchpain, unable to eat properly, and theconclusion was reached that the trouble was in her mouth.An examination showed that theupper gum on the right hide of thelioness' mouth had become greatlyinflamed, a diseased tooth causing thetrouble. Hargreaves applied to oneveterinarian after another, and severaldentists, but found none willing toperform the operation. One surgeonsaid there was not enough money inChester to get him to undertake thework.Finally Dr. D. W. Jefferis was calledin by the hotel proprietor and requested to lance the gum; but his answerwas,: "Here is the lance, Hargreaves;you do it; that operation is a littleout of my line."Acting on this advice, when thehotel was closed for the night, Hargreaves went to the cage of the lioness, whispered a few words of sympathy in her ear, and, while the beastlay upon the floor, jabbed the lanceinto her gum. There was a terrificroar, that was heard for squares adisplay of claws and squirming, butthat was all.After fully realizing the great benefit of the operation the huge, beastpurred and licked the hand of theman to show her appreciation. She isvalued at $1,000.J-WHERE IS OUR QUEEN MARY?London Graphic Asks What Woman inU. S. Approaches Her in Influence.London. An amusing question isasked by the Weekly Grapic in thecourse of comment on a statement byan American editor that in Englishnovels "the women invariably get theworst of it," which is not to the lik-RACING EVENTS SCHEDULED FORSTATE FAIR.Stars of the Track to Compete forRich Stakes Classy Trotting andRacing Promised for Show.The eleventh annual Kentucky State !Fair, to be held in Louisville next Sep ,tember lo-20, promises a celebrationof a magnitude, excellence and generalinterest that has never heretoforebeen eclipsed by a like event, and nophase of the fair will offer a more universal attraction than the racing pro-'gram which has been arranged.The Early Closing Events for trotters and pacers, entries for whichclosed May 15, includes the unprece 'uculcu emi&iiueiii ul a.so uuiiiesulllLS, aroster which is fully 40 per centiiaifcer man any iiereioiore recoraea iVnd which, it is aid, numbers some of 'the classiest examples of horse fleshthe country can boast.16 There are a half dozen stakes for"which these horses will compete, theflrst two being $500 trotting events for-,two and three-year olds, and the remainder ?1,000 stakes for 2:11 andl-2:10 pacers and 2:1'4 and 2:20 trotters. In addition to the trotting and pacing events, the fair will offer daily running races, with entries includingsome of the classiest and speediesthorse flesh then stabling at the Douglas Park track in preparation for thefall race meet, which immediately follows the week of the State Fair.i HSSRSiiilPIlHHI-- m. tvz-: .r,-m-zmssa&Ji&faKmimJBttBtH bii 1 mi in iiiaiMikwiMMUMMBWW -; -How : H-'- viSKQueen Mary.ing of American women readers offiction.The Graphic quotes Price's Collier'ssaying, "England is a man's country,"and continues:"But if the American man placeshis woman on a pedestal, he does notlet her affect the serious side of thenational life. Is there a single womanin America to-day who possesses athousandth part of the influence ofQueen Mary and Queen Alexandra?"Feature of Closing Day.; DOG'S LIFE TO SAVE CHICKSThe feature of paramount interest: Fights Copperhead, as Venomous Rep-on the closing day of the fair will bethe Gentlemen's Cup Race. The Brewers' Association has donated a silvercup as trophy to the winner of thisrace.Entries for the purse races for trotters and pacers will not close until aweek prior to the opening of the fair.The purses for these events are $500each, evenly divided among the trotters and. pacers. The list will include1- 2:12, 2:16, 2:18 and 2:24 trotters and2:12, 2:14; 2:18 and a free-for-all inthe pacing class.The entire track program for thecoming fair has been arranged with aview to variety, and lovers of good,clean sport and of royally-bred animals may anticipate one of the most'pretentious exhibitions in the historyK of tke state.iue jveuuiuity oiaie j? air tracK israted as one of the finest ever laid,and 'the recently-enlarged grand standoffs an ideal mecca for sociability,as well as sporting recreation.This contest, which is open to farmboys and students of any agriculturalooll$f, Is a splendid incentive toitific farmiag, and there is nothIfif so deeply interesting to the future""bone and sinew" of the state as theopportunity to demonstrate their practical knowledge as tillers of the soilad breeders of fine stock.Agpeeial donation of $25 in gold hasTaheea made by J. B. Bowles, of Bards;town, Ky., ia the saddle horse judgingcontest, and D. H. Ewing & Sonr, of- Louisville, Ky., have giyen $25 as ajrixe ior the best boy judge of dairy.-ftttfe S J '-tileImperiledMistress.HisPottsville, Pa. When Mrs. RobertHelms went to the chicken coop tosee why her fowls were making anunwonted noise, she found that afour-foot copperhead had coiled up inthe yard and was giving battle to adog, which had driven the reptile awayfrom a half-devoured chicken.She endeavored to strike it with abroom when the snake made a thrustat her, narrowly missing. Her screamsbrought men from their work nearby, and they soon killed the snake.The dog was a victim of the fangsof the reptile, and will likely die fromthe poison, -which he endeavored invain to lick from his wounds.Eats Himself to Death.Providence. As the result of hisunusual gastronomic feats, JosephMasse, known as "Ki Ko, the WildMan," died at the Rhode Island hospital. Death was .due to hemorrhagesof the stomach. Masse was a familiarcharacter at shore resorts, where hegave exhibitions of eating-large quantities of fish and raw meat. One ofhis customs was to carry small snakesconcealed in his long hair and occasionally shake them cut, to the consternation of spectators.Husband's Smoking Causes Trouble.Pittsburg. Because her husbandsmoked in bed and kept her awake atnight, Mrs. Anna M. Bennett, of Hazelwood, has .sued for a divorce. "MEN IN CHARGEOF STATE FAIRHuman Cogs in Big Wheelof Kentucky's Greatest ShowWORK IS FULLY OUTLINEDEach Division of the State Fair Will. Be Under the Direction of a Mem-ber-in-Chargeand a Capable Superintendent.Louisville, .Ky. (Special.) Thepowerful and efficient operation of agigantic piece of machinery is dependent upon its smallest cog, and it is alsotrue that the intricate movement of agreat enterprise like the KentuckyState Fair is equally dependent forsmooth and successful running uponthe various human cogs forming itsoperating force.For the eleventh annual State Fair,to be held next September 15-20, thereare already twenty-two componentparts and subsidiary cogs in active andunited operation, all working towardthe most brilliant and successful enterprise of the kind that Kentucky hasever known.The twenty-two departments embrace an enlarged area of exhibit, eachdepartment being presided over by amember of the State Board of Agriculture, who is styled the member incharge, and under the direction ofeach member in charge there is oneor more superintendents, who have active supervision over the various exhibits and the personal welfare of exhibitors and visitors to their domain.The departments and their supervisors have been allotted in accordance with the appended list, and already there is the friendliest and mostcommendable rivalry among the headsand their assistants looking towardthe success of their particular field ofoperation.The various departments, with theirheads, are as follows:Horses Commissioner J. W. Newman, Frankfort, member in charge;Guthrie Wilson, Bardstown, superintendent Mules and Jack Stock James M.Terry, Cynthiana, member in charge;Guthrie Wilson, Bardstown, superintendent. Beef Cattle R. J. Bassett, Leitchfield, member in charge; W. R. Moorman, jr., Glendean, superintendent.Dairy CattleProf. J. H. Kastle, Lexington, member in charge; CharlesBright, Eminence, superintendent.Swine J. L. Letterle, . Harrod'sCreek, member in charge; L. C.Owings, Jeffersontown, superintendentSheep and Goats H. M. Frohman,Ghent, member in charge; W. Tf Chilton, Campbellsburg, superintendent.Poultry and Pigeons-Mi. N. McGrew,Bayou, member in charge; Harris Lehman, Midway, superintendent.Doggs c. R. Van Meter, Lebanonmember in charge; H. M. Wood, Anchorage, superintendent.Vegetables and Melons J. L. Letterle, Harrod's Creek, member incharge; Charles Scholtz, Louisville,superintendent.Field Seed and Grain G. N. McGrew,Bayou, member in charge; H. C. Lovelace, Boston, superintendent.Tobacco James M. Terry, Cynthiana, member in charge; Judge FrankP. Sebree, Carrollton superintendent;Evan S. Reese, Springfield, assistantsuperintendent.Horticulture Fred R. Blackburn,Stanton, member in charge; W. W.Hillenmeyer, Lexington, superintendent. Plants and Flowers H. M. Frohman,Ghent, member in charge.Women's Department Commissioner J. W. Newman, Frankfort, memberin charge; Mrs. H. B. Walcott, Shelbyville, superintendent.Farm Implements and MachineryR. J. Bassett, Leitchfield, member incharge; T. Beale Murray, superintendent. Minerals and Forestry Fred R.Blackburn, Staunton, member incharge; J. E. Barton, state forester,Frankfort,, superintendent.Students' Judging Contest H. M.Frohman, Ghent, member in charge;E. W. Young, Shelbyville, superintendent. Education Prof. J. H. Kastle, Lexington, member in charge; T. R.Bryant, Lexington, superintendent.Speed C. R. Van Meter, Lebanon,member in charge.Dairy Products and Apiary Prof. J.H. Kastle Lexington, member incharge; Prof. J. J. Hooper, Lexington,superintendent.Farm Boys' Encampment G. N. McGrew, Bayou, member in charge; Prof.H. B. Hendricks, Lexington, superintendent. Babies Health Commissioner J. W.Newman, Frankfort, member incharge; Mrs. John L. Woodbury,Louisville, superintendent.k Tret Lightninfl Never Strike: vLightning is said to differentiate 'between trees as well as men and women. Some years ago Mr. McNab', afellow of the Botanical Society of' Edinburgh, investigated into the generally received opinion that neither thebeech nor the birch fa ever struck bylightning. He collected informationregarding lightning-struck treesthroughout Great Britain, and foundno single instance of either of thesespecies being struck. Investigation inNorth America gave similar results.He found, indeed, that in the forestregions there a beech tree was regarded as the safest place in a thunderstorm.Sleep at School.A new wrinkle in Ei'iool work comesfrom St. Faith's school, Wandsworth,England, where tired children t maysleep in hammocks during lessonhours. The children so favored arefour or five years old, the infants ofthe school. Every afternoon a siesta In hammocks for tired children Isprovided, and they may sleep betweenor even during lessons. The infantsare encouraged to rest because it iscontended by a Miss Wild, who devised the hammocks, that the mind ofa tired child can not retain the lessonstaughtHonesty Universal In Finland.The Finns place their -money andvaluables in holes in the ground' andcover them with a big leaf. Suchtreasure is sacredly respected by allwho pass it; but, in the rare eventof a man wishing to borrow of hisneighbor during his absence, he willtake only the smallest sum he requires, and place a message in thehole telling of his urgent need, promising to repay the amount on a specified date. And he will Invariably keephis word, for the Finn Is invincible inhis independence.MAGNIFICENT PRIZESLook to True Accomplishment.An idle mind is possible with busyhands; so often this is forgotten. Wemay do many things and accomplishlittle, simply because the activity Isskin deep, outward, superficial. Wewant rest for our attainments to sinkin, to gather our harvest, "understandand sift it. We may see too much,to see anything clearly, bear toomuch to really listen; with muchhastening we do not always arrive.'isoo AUT2 B JBwumen. jas-Btn o? sjpuJuj pun sjaqjoraeuirajeep oj ueuiaonpuj uaioiyns91jnb aq pinoqs pnqo pauiBJVIPAv -e joenrL'A aiqt?jnsBammi aq puB '. (pxjoaven; he ui SuiqXjaAa ui isjoav -b puusaq b sXBAire si ajaq; osnoaq) pnqo13 ureal 0 Xbav saq v puB asnoq vPimq 0 Kbav saq v aq smn aaanj,o6paMouj o q;.ioM$100 REWARD, S100The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that scienc hasbeen able to cure in all its stages,and that is Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhCure is the only positive cure nowknown to the medical fraternity.Catarrh being a constitutional disease,requires a constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarh Cure is taken internally,acting directly upon the blood and themucous surfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of thedisease, and giving the patient morestrength by building up the constitution and assisting nature in doing itswork. The proprietors have so muchfaith in its curative powers that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo,Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (August)To Clean Leather.When the traveling bag becomedirty wash the bag well with tepidwater and a little soap. After it isdry put a little oxalic acid into a cupof hot water and wipe the bag wellwith a soft rag dipped in the acid.When dry brush the bag with whiteof an egg and you will be surprisedto see how new it looks.REMARKABLE CUREOF DYSENTERY."I was attacked with dysenteryabout July 15, and used the doctors'medicine and other remedies with norelief, only getting worse all the time.I was unable to do anything and myweight dropped from 145 to 125pounds. I suffered for about twomonths when I was advised to useChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. I used two bottlesof it and it gave me permanent relief,"writes B. W. Hill, of Snow Hill, N. C.For sale by all dealers.(August)Take Photos of "Suspects."It is said that the Bank of Francehas an invisible studio in a gallery behind the cashiers, so that at a givensignal from one of them any suspected customer can instantly have hisphotograph taken without his knowledge.COSTLY TREATMENT."I was troubled with constipationand indigestion and snfint himriroiicA magnificent silver trophy, worth of dollars for medicine and trnt.$125, donated by the American Saddle ment," writes C. H. Hines, of Whitlow,Horse Breeders' Association, and Ark. "I went to a St. Louis hospital,prizes of $175 will go to the. practical also to a hospital in New Orleans, but"Little Farmers" of the state in the,no cure was effected. On returningStudents Judeine Contest whir.h wiiruome l Degan using (jnamberlam'sbe one of the most important and interesting adjuncts to the KentuckyState Fair, to be held in Louisvillenext September, 15-20T -s .Tablets, and worked right along. Iused them for some1 time and am nowall right." Sold by all dealers.(August)vsmmmmmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!.SLe.TRE J9B R0OfflS OF'" ' THE v.' .BRB0NNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Ordersfor Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.'-K.,!.bJr-26.aN'.'V":'5. j-..-"-Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are 'the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Cbe Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.tmimumuuxLxVI 1JXf 5-.A-x3fr'"l :8&Kvi J:.'..'VA,,ii,.j'15Em'"'.vjRr:&'V&-?y3 -'a..jUrfr-rft" -. f, J rv. , . l(,"fi&!fe C a-y,..W,y .,.fci'Jl"l""i!!L-m 'J. h -sTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., AUGUST. 26, 1913HAY'S HMR HEALTHW. N. Barkler -'Mrs. W. N. BarkleynsmammmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmammmammmamKmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmFOIffiSipTruck Replaced Thre TeamsWF.Woman's Exchange & Cafe112 1ST. Upper Street,Lexington, ' KentuckyAV0R1TE.SSJ&m;"SSSSSSefineA Women Givethe PreferenceThisThe easiest way to keep your hair-youthful-looking, to prevent it fromturning grey, is to use Hay's HairHealth. It gives absolute satisfactionand a few applications will restore natural color, give vitality to grey andfaded hair and remove all traces ofDandruff. Beautiful natural colored,youthful-looking hair, more than anything else, contributes to a woman'sgood looks.Hay's Hair Health is keeping thousands of women's hair glossy, naturalcolored and beautiful. You'll neverregretfbuying it when you" see the difference it makeB in your appearance.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap, for 50c; or $1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two-25c, cakes of Hwfina Soap Free, for 1L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...Home-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, 3?tc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allhours with the best the market affords.(28mar6mo)per1LIcent, wo to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheapside, Lexington, Ky.SUMMER CARE OF THE EGGSwi- 1.'rt$wTaHBKj Iamaiiiahated arc-U7$&&jmSB& I ROOFING J" fthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by fretting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the Inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb" BI Auto OiLNo matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rateMs no higher thanwhen slate or metal is used.We authorize our agents to refund the moneyif our Roofing is not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, IllinoisSold by Millersburg Coal andLumber Co.,Millersburg, Ky.(Practice of Holding Product for Higher Market Price in Autumn Results in Serious Loss.(By N. B. CHAPMAN, Extension PoultrySpecialist. University Farm. St. Paul.Minn.)In the summer months, eggs shouldreceive the same care and consideration as sweet milk and cream, and bemarketed daily, if possible. Theyshould not be exposed to draughts ofwarm air, and should be protectedfrom the rays of the sun and frommoisture, in handling, marketing andshipping. The common practice ofholding eggs for a higher market pricein autumn results in poor quality andserious loss instead of gain. Underordinary farm conditions, eggs shouldnever be held. The farmer, however,is not the only one responsible for theshrunken eees on the market. Country merchants have been equallyblamable for the annual loss.A fresh egg will absorb odors asreadily as fresh milk. Mustiness ormoldy growth in egg cases or fillerswill taint the egg and lower its quality. Eggs should not be stored in mustycellars, or in rooms with fruit, vegetables or fish.The flock should never be allowedto drink filthy water, be fed mustygrains or strong-flavored vegetables,as onions and garlic, or given accessto decaying meat or substances thatwill flavor the product and impair itsquality.ADVICE CANT BE FOLLOWEDImpossible to Have Egg Layers Alone,Consequently Farmers Must KeepGeneral Purpose Fowl.Vis Margaret K. Cadexi,310 Main Street, Lexington, Ky.Special Display of. . . Summer Hats . .Moderate Prices(NtHHNftMMietllltlNNIMIIIHMNNWMNINMkt MOUNTAIN EXCURSIONX Tuesday, August 26, 1913X Via "California Special"X $ TO1 "The Land of the Sky" and "Sapphire Country"X Round Trip Pares From Georgetown, Ky.V X ASHEVILLE, N. C $9.00- WAYNESVILLE. N. C 10.001 HENDERSONVILIE, N. C 10.00IyAKE TOXAWAY, N. G 11.00VARIABLE ROUTE FARES"Via Chattonooga Historic Lookout Mountain enroute to and fromfinal destination:X ASHEVDuLE, N. C $10.50t - WAYNESNIILE. N. C 11.504 HENDERSONNILIE, 11-505' LAKE TOXAWAY, N. C 12.50X Return limit, Sept. 10, 1913. Liberal Stop-over privileges- Tickets good on ' Carolina Special" leav-X I5225E2525H551 s Georgetown, Ky., 8:30 p. m., also on" HMMMUPHPlI a11 reffular trains August 26, 1913.; If IIIIJImIN Willi ll For ful1 information, printed matter andX ILUyml sleeping car reservations, apply to nearestfl7Sil2 Ticket Agent, or write:X Hl H-c- king- Pass-and Ticket Agt-' 101USSiSSihSSI B. Main Street, Lexington, Ky.X W. A. BECKLER, Gen'l Pass. Agent,' (C. N. O. & T. P. Ry.) and Cincinnati, O.Southern RailwayThe advice is given generally to select an egg breed for egg production,but on the average this advice cannotbe followed very well, as the principalegg breeds, Leghorns, Anconas andMinorcas are poor mothers and canscarcely be kept to advantage unlessincubators and brooders are employedin raising the chickens. Consequently a majority of farmers and backyard poultry men are forced to keepa general purpose breed. Of thesethe Barred Plymouth Rock, the Wyandotte, the Rhode Island Red and theOrpington are all deservedly popular.Far too many flocks of mixed fowlsor mongrels are kept. These are lessprofitable than the pure bred birds.Eggs uniform in color and size arewtMtfPrize-Winning Plymouth Rock Pullet.worth more in the markets than eggsmixed in color and size. The sameprinciple holds true when any considerable quantity of market poultryie to be disposed of. Then, too, thefarmer with a good flock of pure bredbirds can always sell eggs for hatching at a considerable increase over theordinary market price for table eggs,and in the fall "many of the surpluscockerels can be sold to good advantage for breeders.Cleanliness.There is one word which poultrymen must never forget and that iscleanliness. Without it failure is certain. The ammonia fumes from droppings left under the roosts are sureto produce roup and throat troubleswhich are particularly fatal. Licewill breed and thrive in filth, and willruin your flock in a short time, unlessexterminated.Pans Odorless Cleaning Co.Sen's and Ladies' Snits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks our specialty.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Gall up E. T. Phone 40.Pari Odorietl Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White KidGloves'Cleaned.Ishort; 10c; long 25c.Keep Chicks In m Yard.The best way is to .keep the chicksin a yard that is enclosed with poultrynetting until they are fully featheredout. In this manner they are at handwhen you want them and are notroaming off and getting lost This willalso keep them from being killed bycats, dogsr etc.Dark Colored Eggs.The color of the eggs Bold today areconsiderably darker than they averaged 30 years ago, all of which provesthat Asiatic blood has been largely introduced throughout the country, andthat it has its effect on the egg.Lata Hatched Chicks.Late hatched chicks are more apt tosuffer from the big head louse than thearly ones. If the youngsters lookdroopy pretty sure thing that the louseis busy. Little sweet" oil on the top ofthe head will relieve themB 3?7, ,,mJJrar -, ',,;: s1lV1 X Is1 I I '"tSSSSSSSSJMpjMJpmjipjpkigjj. s '-$.?adguSJfosi?' h. -"BSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSBBSHy P PtlBBBK BStIbF 'eBBSSSSsVsslBBSSSslBMflliBSSSKimIIn eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden wi? 37 17.20thstons. It carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives lip to jtsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.Twoland one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyot notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved m KisselKar construction.Note these striking KisselKar features Simple engine easy to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant,, heavy springsuspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easy control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need.JCiSselJCcir 7Jruck&1 500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn'the'range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which is themanufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A- special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency,' retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon, Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Trucks in actual use in your line and many otherlines of business.ThelPoIlowing Lines oAf business Have Recentlybought Kissel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building Supplies, 'Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, 00, Telephone,laundry, Bakery, Confectionery, Ice, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suit theneeds of any business.I PhcmamPhone 21 05.O. R. HUKLE,51 3 West Main Street,irLexington,&MMMKyjPessimistic.The best luck any man can have ianever to have been born; but that seldom happens to anyone.NflrBECOWFOR YOUTHUnsightly' Grey and Faded HaitWhy not have beautiful, dark, glossy,natural colored hair, full of life andbeauty keep yourself young lookingand fascinating? Its so easy andBimple to do if you will get a bottle ofHay's Hair Health today. You'll noticea change after one or two applicationshow quickly the grey hairs vanish.low glossy, full of life and vitalityHay's Hair Health will keep your hair.Don't waste time, get a bottle today.tYour druggist is selling more Hay'sHair Health than all others, becausehe knows it's the most satisfactory,the nicest and cleanest to use andreally does restore color to grey hair.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thelonowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap for 50c; or $1.00fcottle of Hay's Hair Health and two05c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for &L. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.When you feelaJSvous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign yoa need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills SJjSWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cloveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...3ntucky State FairSEPTEMBER 15 to 20, 1913The Kentucky State Fair will offer to the farmersand livestock exhibitors an ODDortunitv to exhibit thebest products of their farms and best snecimens ofI T'XTQC'f nnll- - 4 -t- 4-lts-v v.vvw t .. - .. J--. .-.!-.-.. J. J1'Iiicotuv,n. axiu lkj cue wuiiicu au. ujjjjuri. unity lu uispiaytneir nanaiworK and cookery at the 1913 Fair, forwhich liberal premiums are offered.$30,000 in Premiums6-BIG DAYS-6Beted Bailroal BatesFor Information, Entry Blanks, Catalog, Etc., addresJ. -L. DENT, Secretary,705 PAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLEProfessional CardsMr. Kentucky FarmerIf we told you of a crop which brought a cash incomethe year around, made the soil richer every year and required noskilled labor to handle it,Wouldn't That Be The CropForYou?Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY,i Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j gg,.Residence 5 E. T. 334.uesmence j Home 334DR. A. H RELINK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Booms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParii - KwitackjWILLIAMS, " rATTORNEY-JLT-LAW,Elki BuildiWc., tYou have this opportunity. The Tri-State Butter Company,-iOinmnnatL Ohio, "will hnv vour cream the vear around, nav snofccash for every shipment and give you a market that is responsible,safe and permanent, and proven so to more. than 5,000 shippers.No skilled labor is required to ship cream. Separate the milk,ship when convenient to you twice a week -in the summer" seaaou ,and not quite so often in the winter time. - fEvery cow will pay cash for what she eats, yieldinga revenueof from $50.00 to 190.00 per year, besides adding ?25.00 worth, orfertility to your sqil. .Ship your cream to-day, or write for free trial cans. IThe TH-3tate Butter, CompanyiGnrinriati Ohio.SoomlA.,"r'jf"y- . . . , fIHlv BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 26, 1913.i $ Bailey."! Pll f-- UI'kI.VMfer-hiNEWS OF MILLERSBUF.L-Miss Grace Harris", of Irvine, Msthe zuest of her cousin. Miss Lucille'Miss Mary Bruce Reed returnedSaturday after a visit to relatives inLexington.Dr. I. D. Best and family, of Cynthian, were guests of his brother, Mr.A. S. Best, Sunday.Miss Bessie Howard returned Saturday after a several weeks' visit torelatives in Lexington. Yi Mr. C. W. Howard, of Lexington,was the guest of relatives here fromSaturday until Monday.our. u. v. j ones reiurnea aiuruayafter a two weeks outing at Detroit,Put-in-Bay and Cleveland.' Messrs. J. C. and Albert Hwes willleave Thursday for Chicago, wherethey will enter school next week.Mr. an.d Mrs. Albert Hinton, of3?aris, were the guests of their uncle,Mr. J. J. Peed and family, Sunday.jirs. rjryan lvicvaruiiy iett r riuay jior her home at Pans, after a weeks'visit to her mother, Mrs. Mary Foster.Mr. W. M. Vimont relumed Saturday after a weeks' visit to hisbrother, Mr. L. T. Vimont, at Cincinnati. . Rev. and Mrs. H. Laird, who have"been visiting friends for the past twoweeks, will return to their home nearLouisville today.Mr. and Mrs. Russell Powell andlittle son, Harold, left Monday for atwo weeks' visit to relatives at Cynthina. Mr. H. D. Hutchcraft, of Louisville, arrived Saturday as the guest ofJais daughter, Miss Virginia Hutchcraft.at the home of Dr. W. M. Miller.M rs. J. T. Judy .nd little daughterKatherine, returned Sunday after apeeks' visit to her mother, Mrs.Payne, and family, at Shawhan.Mrs.W. G. Dailey, who has been. under treatment at the St. Joseph'Hospital, in Lexington, for the pastthree weeks, returned home Mondaymuch impoved.Mrs. M. R. Collier is staying withiier grandchildren at the home of herson-inlaw, Mr. W. G. McClintock, inT?aris, during the absence of Mrs. McClintock at Lake Chautauqua, N. Y.Misses Elizabeh Miller, LaviniaLarson, and Mr. Albert Hawes attended a house party given by Miss MaryAllen Hutchcraft at Paris last week""and took in the Bourbon Fair.Mr. Alex Hawes, of Chicago, willarrive Friday as the guest of hisgrandmother, Mrs. America Butler.'His moher, Mrs. Mattie Hwes, willaccompany him home next week.Mrs. Margaret Hutchcraft andgranddaughter, Miss Margaret Standard, leit Saturday for a two weeks'visit to relatives at Louisville. MissStannard will retnrn to her home atPueblo, Col.Mr. R. M. Caldwell leaves todayfor a two weefcs' sojourn at Crab Orchard Springs. All persons havingnews matter for publiction will pleasecall up Home 'phone 130 or leve samei., .H 'We Arc CompelledOur Store in crowded with Summer Footwear and rather than the risk ofcarrying these goods over to next season, we have decided to resort to thisgreat sacrifice sale We are going to make this sale a record breaker.Of course it takes bargains, great, big rousing bargains to bring a crowd,and this is just what we have to offer. Read the prices that .follow:Misses' and Children'sfords and two-straps, patent andgun metal. Mark-down PriceMisses' $1 .50 patent, tan, white 'and gun Cfcmetal pumps. "Mark-down Price 77Children's $2.00 pumps.Mark-down PriceMen's $4 Oxfords, tan,Walk-Over included.Mark-down Price-Men's $3.50 Oxfords, inand tan.Mark-down PriceMen's $3 Oxfords in tan,Latest styles.Mark-down PriceMen's $2.50-Oxfords in button andlace. Mark-down Price!One lot of Men's Oxfords, broken sizes,$2 and $3 values. Mark-do wnJPrice......at Post oflEice and it Trill be givenpropapt attention.Mr. K. R. Dugan, of Bardstown. isfeuest of Mr. Paul Thompson.Mrs. Root. Bentley, of Mt. Olivet,arrived Saturday as the guest of Mrs.T. T. Bentley.' Mr. Gilbert Wilhoite, of Lexington, was the guest of Miss AnieliaHurst, Sunday.Mrs. Mary E. Pepper, of Brooksville, will arrive today for a visit toher son, Mr. U. S. G. Pepper.Mrs. Katherine L. Carpenter leftMonday for a month's visit to hermother, Mrs. McNamara, in GrandRapds, Mich.Mr. J. W. Ammerman, Jr., and sister, Miss Cornelia Ammerman, wereguests of Miss Edwina Ammerman.Saturday nd Sunday.Mr. J. W. Letton, assistant postmaster, has resigned his position, andwil leave Wednesdy for Atlanta, Ga.,where he will engage in business.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. McClintockand daughter, Miss Ruth McClintock,and Mr. J. H. Stewart were amongthe number whoattended the funeralof little Frank Dorsey, son of Mr. andMrs. Ed. Dorsey, at Carlisle, Sundayafternoon.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.Any man can be patient with awoman if he isn't married to her.Some of these days the Hand Holders' Union is going to strike for longerhours.When a girl is engaged to a fellowshe has an irresistible impulse to bosshim around.A man can gra around the house allday and his wife won't pay a bit attention to anythin he says. But if hesays one thing in his sleep she is allears .A mean old cuss tells me that thhB'chickens wear slit skirts so they canexhibit their drumsticks.When Father tells a good joke heheard down town Daughter shuts upwith frost and gloomy silence. Butwhen daughter's fellow springs an oldJoe Miller Daughter laughs andscreams until she has hysterics.It has gotten so that a girl isn'tconsidered a good dancer if shhe can'tthrow her hips out of joint and thenthrow them back in again.It is hard to imagine how peoplethought of wearing underwear beforethe monthly magazines were started.No matter how busy a woman maybe, she can always find time to worryfor fear someone will kidnap the children. vWhat has becpm of the old-fashionedgirl who used to cover plates and.bottles with cigar bands?Charity begins at home. That'swhy the man who owes you $10 passesyou up so he can give a'' dollar to theHeathen.The only hats in thes tore that arebecoming to a woman are the onesshe can't afford.No man ever grew a flock of chinwhiskers that were a good substitutefor a chin.A woman can worry over the possibility of something happening thatvould give her something to worryabout.When a man has nothing 'to say, itusually takes him a long time to sayItIARK DOWN SHOE SALEZnTcxw$2.50 valuesin buttonox-$1.69...S1.39patent and gun metal,wmOpatent, gun metalS2.49patent and gun metal.S1.99$1.4999cTHEATRICALAn attraction that is welcomed bytheatre managers and the public alikeis "The Smart Set," announced for theParis Grand on Thursday Aug. 28,'Theformer welcome the show because itmeans a packed house, and the latterbecause it means the coming of thegreatest colored show in existence, achow with the most clever comedian,Salem Tutt Whitney, that ever gaveout laughs in rapid fire action, a showwith the greatest cast of principals,the gretest bunch of Creole chorusgirls, and the ufbst elaborate scenicproduction-on tour. With th e anuonucement that this season the showis all new, and kknowing that theshow has each year been better thanpreviously, the public may well anticipate the coming engagement withgret pleasure.Few Fireproof Domiciles There.More than half the dwellings in NewSouth Wales are built or wood.DISCOURAGED, NERVOUSMEN AND WOMEN.A few years ago if you were nervousand all run down with littleN strengthand poor health generally, you wouldhave wondered what to do to buildyourself up.Nowadays, if you remain in this miserable condition a day longer, it isyour own fault. Tona Vita, the wonderful tonic that has built tip thousands of run down people in the 1sttwo years, is ready to help you.Get it at once. Take it a feweekks and pou r old strength andhealth will return without fail.. Youwill feel like a new person almost fromthe first dose of this pleasant tastingtonic.Weigh youself after taking TonaVita one week and see how much youhave gained in weight.Tona Vita is sold by Chas. E. Butler & Co.Paris Book CompanycTHRS. C. D. WEBB, Prop.School Books and School -Supplies, Novelties, Etc.Ledgers, Journals, Pens,Globes, in fact everythingPicture " Framing Our Leading. . v. Specialty . . .WORK DONETo UnloadIG-oinOnSInfant's and Children's pumps and oxfordsin patent and tan, $1 values, sizes 2 to 7Mark-down Price. vLadies' $3 values, all latest style .pumps and oxfordsin velvets, atin, tan and gun metaland white, the very best values t1made. Mark-down Price h77Misses' barefoot sandals, all sizes. Nov 49cLadies' $3.50 values, all popular leathers and fabrics, in pumps and oxfords, button d' fand lace. Mark-down Price 9 h 5 JLadies $2 and $2.50 grades two-strap pumps andoxfords in velvet and gun metal. gMark- down Price 5 5 CLadies' $2 pumps and oxfords in patent, crun metaland white pumps.Mark-down PriceLadies' white canvas button shoes.Mark-down PriceOne lot small sizes ladies' oxfordsMark-down PriceALL TAILORING WORK 'IS GUARANTEEDCleaning and pressing, repairing,altering and jn fact, anything in thetailoring line. All work guarantee tomeet with satisfaction. The onlyshop in town "having an expert tailor incharge. To get the best results inall classes of work, give us a call.COLLINS & HALLMAN.In Rear of Paris Billiard Hall, West(tf) Cor. Main and Fourth Streets.In many Chinese cities an expertshirt marker who does good work canbe hired for 10 cents a day to makeshirts to measure, at least for nativecustomers, and he will turnout not lessthan ones hirt a day, for an indefiniteperiod. All of which .discourages thetrade of dealers in ready-made garments of even moderate cost." Thematerials, of course, are of approximately equal value in both cases.Cloudy ice may be. from one-third'to two-fifths less efficient in coolingthan transparent ice, stated M. Taboury at the Toulouse Congress of Cold.It appears taht the heat absorbed inthe melting of clear ice is remarkably constant, and never varies morethan 5 per cent. Cloudy ice, on theother hand, is very variable, sometimes absorbing as much heat as clearice, though usually much less.In Knasas City both the men andthe women who work in offices aredissatisfied with the dress of the othersex. A woman writes to the KansasCity Star to complain because men remove their coats when at work. Aman writes not in reply to this complaint to charge the girls who workin his office were turning it into a"caberet show" by their "conspiciousand immodist attire."Tourist travel across the Pacific, inboth directions, is steadily and fastincreasing. Larger, swifter and bettersteamships help to make it popular,and interest in the Orient grows withmore knowledge of Eastern Asia andeasier access to China and Japan.Inks, Etc. Magazines, Maps,that's found at a Book Store.mmmmmmmmmmmm ESWHEN PROMISEDI iq mat Once49cI$1 .49iiUntil a short time ago, scarcelyone person in a thousand hadever tasted a really good sodacracker as it came fresh andcrisp from the oven.Mow everybody can know andenjoy the crisp goodness of.fresh baked soda crackers with-,out going to the baker's oven.Uneeda Biscuit bring the bakery to you.A food to live on. Stamina for workers. Strength for the "delicate. Givethem to the little folks. Five cents.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYBoth Food and Medicine.Asparagus is considered one of thehealthiest of quick-growing plantsused for food, and is really a medicine as "well as a food.I If itisn't an Eastman, it isn't a Kodak.f tfiii1 krsHi S52anaaHpafc1- fei. ...mini 7M A,KODAKPicture taking opens a new world of entertainment'to the children, and they never tire of the fun.The Kodak puts this pleasure in tne hands of theyoung or old at smaircost. Is simple enough for achild to use vVith good results so efficient the expertcannot exhaust it possibilities. NKodaks and Kodak Supplies of all kinds alwayson hand, and always new.Kodaks, $5.00 up.Brownies, $ 1 .00 to $ 1 2.00.HEADQUARTERS POR KODAK SUPPLIES.DAUGHERTY BROS.fm 1pm feBOH VOYAGEYOU CAN TAKEAFINETRIFSOME DAY IFYOU PUT TMONEY 1M THETHAT YOUARE WASTING ONLiTTLE THINGS.RUT YOUR MONEYGood-bye! Good-bye to work and worry for awhile.They worked and saved, and put their money in-the bank,and now they are off on a trip to enjoy SOME of the moneythey put away in the bank. They NEVER MISSED thefQolish little things they went without to BANK that money.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings."DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Oh, My, Yes!Griggs "I hate to play poker with a,hard loser." Briggs "Its a hangedsight better than playing it with aa "easy winner." Boston Transcript.Kee prfKr ,iw5i332IN- mm7Mi.mmM&am. im iimrmmmwM iMmmrmWMmh . ' WS5MWA SSBT' 7,ZLrtcyvmwMLW' 'mmwf, tssCJfWim mmSM'v i " ii m nwmh r .Jmfn I'll ,'?','T i!B!ill t. V mOUR BANJWf..JSf vr"iisI-50c Iwmmmiirid -A- rr co k: .sinCapital, 5100,000.00.Sirptas, $40,000.00. IC. K. THOMAS, CashieryJ. M. HALL, President,4" finfr i ifiniftiV"i"&"S(i.