1PUBLISHED - EVFRY TUESDAY AND PBIDAY IN THE TEARVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPT. 26, 1913.MI.MARYWE86ISUEVEB BY DEATHriL14f"WE KNOW HOWyjH-I!"SB-H,'S.;gffiypSt.ni."( r 7 T ' " 'Alvin Silver PlateIs Made in But OneQuality"THE VERY BESTSee the George WashingtonPattern in Our WindowTfSS&l'&-al&ZJ PtLet Me Have Your Order ForCERTIFIED3ic IBI We Have it in Steele Cut or WholeT. C. LENIHAN.Cash Grocery.Who Is Your Tailor ?g We Have 500 Samples of Woolens toMake Your Suit to OrderNow is the Time to Make a SelectionFor a Fall Suit.A Large. Line of Fall Hats andCaps for Men and Boys.PRICES 60. 6I0UH8T8and Furnishers!,;S .... ., ...... i ..... ii.KVi .itfAii .mVJH .wV .Vl&V.AM'SSX'Vm&vmsisSSSiisis&TSg'smSsSBzm Wsfmg&mmWmWwmg-i&mmBeloved Woman Succumbs AfterLengthy Illness of ArterialSclorosis.wwTRUE CHRISTIAN WOMANPASSES TO HER REWARDFuneral Arrangements Delayedtil Son's Arrival Today fromthe South.Un-Mrs. Mary Webb, after a lengthyillness, died at her home on Pleasantstreet in this city Thursday afternoonat 3 o'clock. Althoug her illnesshad several months ago reached theacute stage, and her friends and family were in a measure prepared forthe worse, still the announcement ofher death yesterday was a shock tothe host of friends she had madeduring her life long residence inParis.It falls to the lot of few personh tobe so dearly beloved by as large acircle as was Mr. Webb. Her steadfast Christian character, combinedwith a cheerful and sunny disposition,made a friend of every one who knewher, and this friendship grew morestronger as the years passed. She wasa steadfast Christian woman, havingunited with the Presbyterian churchat an early age, and her devotion toher churchly duties, ministering toWwthe sick and comforting in her sweetway those who were afflicted ortroubed, caused her to become oneof the most beloved women in Paris.In 1857 Miss Mary Daugherty wasunited in marriage to Mr. ThomasWebb, who departed this life aboutforty years ago. From this unionthere were four sons, Ray Webb,who died at a nearly age; Chas. D.Webb, who preceded his mother tothe grave about five months; FrankP. Webb and W. H. Webb, who survive her. The direct cause of heriideat was arterial solerosis.The funeral arrangements have notas yet been" perfected, awaiting thearrival of Mr. F. P. Webb, who wasin Knoxville at the time of his mother's death. Mr. Webb will arrive inParis at 5:30 this morning. Theifuneral will probably take place onSaturday, due notice of the time ofwhich will be given.INEGRO WOUNDED THREETIMES BY ONE BULLETAs the result of an accidental discharge of a revolver in the hands of anegro called "Speck," Wednesdaynight at the roundhouse in the southyards of the L. & N., Henry Ford,,colored, was wounded three . times.The bullet from the revolver struckFord in the right hand, and arm andlodged in his side. The wounds,though painful, are not of a seriousnature.,i.mBy the unanimous vote of the CityCouncil at its regular meeting heldlast night an arder was entered toadvertise for bids und specificationson an automobile chemical fire apparatus, and it is probable at the meeting on October 9 the Council will order the purchase of the new apparatus to be installed in the department. Mr. Chas. Howard and son, Geo.Howard, of Lexington, representingthe White Automobile Co., were present and the latter gave a short talkexplaining the merits of the machinewhich is the output or one of the oldest concerns in the country. HesaidWiIthat at present there were four thousand of the machines in use and extended an invitation to the membersof the fire committee of the Councilto make a visit to the factory of thesw;mcompany in Cleveland to inspect theI machines before making a -purchase,j The members of the fire committeer will go to Cleveland next week for thet3purpose of looking over the machinesproduced by the company, and willalso inspect any others that maycome to their notice.A petition was presented to theCouncil, signed by a large number ofproperty owners on Clifton Avenue,requesting that a fire plug be put into afford protection to the property inthat section of the city. A motion tohave the plug placed on Clifton Avenue carried.Mr. Ben Spears, at present engagedIPas a private watchman by a numberof merchants, was granted the authority of a special policeman, which isto take effect as soon as he qualifiesby furnishing the necessary bond.mmMrs. Wallace How e and MissRoberts Meade, of Carrolton, areguests of Mrs. Wiliam Ferguon at herhome near thi city.Mr. and Mr.. Milton C. Browning,of Cleveland, O., who have been theguets of relatives in this city, returned Sunday to their home. They wereaccompanied by Mrs. Julian Frank,who will make them a visit.WLv&f2&tHSW8HRev. Dr. B. M. Shive will be inhis pulpit at the Presbyterian churchSunday morning and evening at theusual hours. At the morning service"Morning Land," arranged for a quartet by Prof. Albert H. Morehead, willbe rendered by Prof. Morehead, C. B.Webber, C. B. Mitchell and Dr. TTraukFithian.mmLSit 9JU?lKSSgSPaPS..- wsJ5iThe Time to ThinkAbout Your FallClothes is Here9MTTAND when you begin tostudy as to where youare going to buy that Suitor Overcoat, remember thatMitchell & Blakemore's storeis the place to come first.Our line of Stein Bloch andHersh-Wickwire's Suits andOvercoats are surpassed bynone. In this store you willfind Clothes that are tailoredright, have that artistic touch in the designing that otherReady-to-Wear Suits have not. All the new shades andweaves. The two-tone Basket weave, Keltic cloth inGreys, Brown and the heat hair line stripes can be foundhere in styles to please the young man, as well as theconservative buyer of Clothes.Stetson Velour Hatt, the best hats in the world onsale now.Mitchell &Outfitters to iVfenEWMi5VMwi5v-iiiifc mkm5SKMUMTniWzmvSiiaKSi mWSixtltSizStJza SMzflSb: siijKiiuiuuinnifitaiiiiTiiMiiiimHiiiiiiHiiuiiimiHiui:FRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.i ct I.i32?aNow Ready For Your InspectionNew Fall and Winter StylesLadies', Misses' and Junior'sSuits, Cloaks, DressesSilk and Evening Dresses,. ' Evening Wraps and Coats ::Silk and Crepe KimonasSeparate Skirts in Variety of Stylesx Millinery atV..'-ACome in andI frank & CO.,MiimnnmimiimninrH'm.iwMiiiiimmmmmmwemmiwmmiti-Copyright. 1911.BUljotla. &ttm & a.Blakemore,Paris9 KentuckyrjmvYTK yoc 2MC 3MC .jfth. .HlmmmmwwwwwuiunHinimmininmiMiiiumiiiiiimiinnimrg S(.nnounceInteS5Popular PricesLook Aroundflj"4mim9i- ;r --"C- -aaaigjMe'awiaBOcacTHT BUUKBON NWS PHRI5, rOu4rfttiW5&rKENTUCKY CONFERENCE ENDSjl SOME FACTS AND FIGURESMININSTERS ASSIGNED. ABOUT BODY TEMPERATURE.Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & HJNK, Props.?eftftty Telephone No. 4.West 5 Streetg5a!aa:as1 frWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirt-ffllwya,ibus or anYfcnmg in line ?laundrv line. That is whav VImade ihe Bourbon Laundrtdever goes beck on its repu- fration, it you are particular 4auvuu uuiv JfUUl lllltJIl ISlaundered, your custom is thekind we want as wc like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,toma t c MT 3k JIl 15 1 1 1 1 '" rJr Have You Seeny( - the Coupon Now in .Zi WtMV&a jrUELUAVi- ii - --A.& 7f5FfJ f. Msge2 Myers Duke's Mixture makes agreat pipe smoke and rolled into a cigarettenothing can beat it.'v it is the favorite smoke of thousands ofmen who want selected, pure, Virginia andNorth Carolina bright-leaf tobacco. jIf you have not smoked Duke's Mixture,1made by Liggett Myers at Durham, N. C.try it at once. v iEach sack contains one and a half ounces oftobacco that is equal to any 5cgranulated tobacco-,made and with each sack you get a book oftcigarette papers FRKE andA Coupon That is a DandyThese coupons are good for many"valuable presents such as watches,,cameras, jewelry, furniture, razors rchina, etc.As a special offer, we will sendyou our illustrated catalogof presents FREE. Just isend us your name and addresson a postal. This offer expires .December 31, 1913.Coupons from Zhi&e's Mixture may beassorted with tags from HORSE SHOE,J. 1., llil3Lt.X'S IMAIUKAJL.LEAF.GRANGER TWIST, couponsfrom FOUR ROSES lOc-Un double ,coupon). PICK PLUG CUT, PIED- 'MONT CIGARETTES, CLIXClCiARfcTTES. andotlur tags T'; coupons issued by us.Premium Dept.y(J&WLuSoacooC!ttW'1 '- iiTOiii yiir ife2Sr 19 awmH WMF -MSl1l IfB : T'rtTv 1 : A '"? . v-Jivai'L.iW538i13SSiSSSSSiSSS!grST. LOUIS, MO.COSTLY TREATMENT,I Though school slates have beenrt ( thought to be out of date, more than- 4,400,000 of them were manufacturedt was troubled with constipation , in the United States last year.aid indigestion and spent hundredsf dollars for medicine and treatKatfn writes C. H. Hines, of Whitlow,JLrk. "I went to a St. Louis hospital,also to a hospital in New Orleans, butm cure was affected. On returningkocae I began using Chamberlain'sAfter one of the busiest and mostsuccessful sessions in its history, theKentucky Annual Conference of theMethodit Episcopal Church, South, insession at Somerset, adjourned at 11o'clock Monday morning in order thatall ministers and delegates could getaway on the 11:30 o'clock northboundtrain.The eleven young ministers whowere licensed to preach and admittedinto this conference were ordainedSunday morning by Bishop Hendrix.The conference will be held at Wilmore, Ky., next year. Appointmentsfor the ensuing year are as follows:Covington District J. O. A. Vaught,presiding elder; Alexandria, S. J.Bradley; Augusta, H. M. Massie;Brooksville, Price T. Smith; Butler,R. B. Wilson; California, J. E. Roberts; Covington, Scott-street station,J. B. Harris; Covington, St. Lukestation, H. C. Martin; Cynthiana,M. T. Chanler; Eralnger, J. R. Noland, W. T. Taylor and G. W. Buffington; Falmouth, D. W. Robertson;Highland, J. R. Savage; Kelat andCurry, A. P. Jones; Newport, T. W.Barker; Oddville, -J. W. Williams;Visalia, W. T. Eklar; Walton, C. T.Nugent; Williamstown, W. R. Johnson; missionary to Korea, W. G.Cram; student in Chicago University, James S. Savage.Danville District W. E. Aruold,presiding elder; Burgin, E. H. Pearce;Burnside, W. M. Britt; Corbin, W. S.Vanderpool; Danville, W. O. Sadler;East Hornstead, mission to be supplied; East Pulaski, mission, W. S.Dean; Harrodsburg, F. T. Mclntyre;Lancaster and McKendre, S. H. Pollitt; London, W. S. Grinstead; Mackville, F. D.- Painter; McCreary, mission, L. C. D. Arnold; Middlesboro,B. F. Chatham; Moreland, Enox Waggoner; Mt. Zion, to be supplied byD. T. Perrick and R. O. Norris; Perry vville, W. K. McClure; Pinevilleand Barbourville, .mission, R. B. Baid;Richmond, B. C. Horton; Somerset,C. K. Dickey; Stanford, C. H. Greer;Straight Creek, mission, George A.Young, suddIv: West Pulaski, mis-m sion, J. W. Gilbert; Wilmore, W. L.Clark; president Asbury College, H.C. Morrison; professors in AsburyCollege, J. W. Carter and S. A. Arnold;field editor, Central Methodist Advocate, Green V. Todd.Frankfort District E. L. Southgate, presiding elder; Carrollton, J.W. Crates; Cornith mission, J. A. Mc-Cormick; Frankfort, H. G. Turner;Georgetown, W. V. Campbell; Gratz,William Wood; Hinton, A. Redd;Hughes Chapel, George D. Prentiss;Hutchison and Oxford, J. J. Dickey;Millersburg, J. D. Redd; Mt. Hope,J. H. 'Williams; New Columbus, W.A. Penn; Paris, J. S. Simms; Petersburg, J. R. Nelson; Polsgrove, J. H.Spillman, supply; Port Royal, D. E.Beddinger; Warsaw, W. D. Welburn;Worth ville, H. C. Wright; presidentMillersburg Female College, C. C.Fisher; chaplin of State Reformatoryat Frankfort, W. O. Vreeland.Jackson District C. F. Onev. Dressing elder; Campton and HazelGreen mission, L. T. Allison; Claymission, C. F. Cliestnut, supplv;Frenchburg, Z. T. Thatcher, supplv;Hazard and Perry, C. P. Pilow; Harlan mission, S. Owsley, supply; Hindman and Knott mission, A. W. Vanderpool; Jackson, W. B. Garriott;Jenkins, G. W. Crutchfield; Lesliemission, to bes upplied; Letcher mission, E. C. Walts; Quicksand mission, W. B. Ragan; West Liberty,'Li. a. Fryman; Whitesburg and McRoberts, W. T. Best; district evangelist, C. K. Spell; student in Trinity College, W. V. Cooper.Lexington District J. R. Deering,presiding elder; Camargo and Grassy Lick, Thomas Wilkerson; ClavCity mission, L. F. Mann, supply";College Hill, W. M. Williams; Irvine,W. P. Fryman; Lexington, Firstchurch, O. J. Chadler; Lexington,Epworth, E. K. Moss; Morehead mission, G. W. Hoffman and G. W.Young; Mt. Sterling, L. W. Watts;Mt. Zion, G. W. Boswell; Nicholasville, O. B. Crockett; O wings ville mission, E. E. Helms; Spears. I. T.Spencer, supply; Versailles, J. M.Fugna; Winchester, L. Rbbinson;Winchester, Mt. Abbott mission, J.leyan College, J. L. Clark, president;professor in Kentucky Wesleyan Colege, W. B. Mitchell; editor CentralMethodist Advocate, W. A. Swift;missionary to Japan, T. W. B. Demaree. Maysville District E. G. B. Mann,presiamg elder; Carlisle, F. F.Vaughn; East Maysville, mission, J.W. Simpson and J. R. Word; Pairview, mission, C. H. Caswell, supply;Flemingsbur and Helena, C. A. Tague; Germantown, W. F. Wvatt;Hillsboro, B. F. Cosby; Little Rock,E. W. Ishmael; Maysville, Firstchurch, M. S. Clark; Moorfield, W.B. Hall; Mt. Carmel, J. M. Mathews;Mt. Olivet, Edward Allen; Saltwell,R. E. Coleman; Shannon and Sar-dis. Peter Walker: Sharnshnre- nnd1 Bethel, J. L. West; Tilton, C. H..Humphrey; Tollesboro mission, L.Moore; Vanceburg, J. W. Harris;Washington and Hebron, I. R. Hollow. Shelbyville District C. L. Bohon,presiding elder; Anderson, D. W.Young, supply; Bedford, James E.Wright; Bloomfield, G. R. Combs;Campbellsville, F. B. Jones; Chaplin, E. L. Griff y; Christiansburg, P.J. Ross; Crestwood, A. C. Johnson;Lagrange, W. S. M.xwell; Lawrenceburg, mission, P. F. Adams; Milton,Josiah Godby;, Martonville, J. M.Baker, suply, ' B. O. Beck; Oldham,R. M. Lee; Pleasureville and Eminence, J. W. Gardner; Shelbyville,J. P. Strother; Salvisa, R. A. Selby;Simpsonville, P. C. Eversole; Taylorsville, E. K. Pike; Woodlawn, J.S. Ragan; president Kingswood College, J. W. Hughes; transferred- tothe Florida conference, H. C. Nance;to the West Virgin a conference, J.A. Wright and A. W. Brooks.(New York Press)It is well to know what raises andwhat lowers the bodily temperature.In the summer we all want to keepas cool as possible, and we shouldknpw what will tend not merely tomake us feel cool, but really to becool.Except in sickness, when the temperature of the body is increased bymany degrees and is called fever, weare never so hot as at the momentwe are born. The temperature of anew-born baby is higher than that ofits mother, raising to 102 degreesFathernheit, but during the first dayit goes down rapidly as far as 97.5and then raises again to a little morethan the normal temperature of theadult. With this exception age doesnot change the temperature, which isin the normal man 98.6 on the av-A Human Match Factory!The body contains phosphorus sufficentco make 483,C0O matches. Phosphorus is one of fourteen elements composing the body divided amongbones, flesh, nervous system and other organs. The perfect health of bodyrequires a perfect balance of the elements. These elements ccme from thefood we cat the stomach extracts and distributes them.But if stomach is deranged the balance of health is de-.troyed and theblood does not carry the proper elements to the different o.rgans, and thereis blood troubb nerve trouble heart trouble. Pa.n h the hungry cry cfstarved organs. Put the liver, stomach and organs of digesticr. and nutrition into a condition of health. That is just what is dena by. DS. PIERCE'SGOLDEBJ 1WED1CAL "DISCOVERY Jwhich has been so favorably known for ever 43 years. It is now put up intablet form, as well as Hqu'd, and can be obtained of medidne dealerseverywhere or by mad by sending 50 cents in lc stamps for trial boxaddress R.V. Pierce, M. D., Buffalo, N.Y.TBE COKMCM SENSE MEDICAL ADVISEETonpoli now has a population of89,0000.The danger of a. new railway strikein Spain has been brought about b. .. lofn T-nzcMr1vn rf Tio railwnvmon'cwed them for some time and am nowH right." Sold by ail dealers.CAwMti m 3organization because of his "injurious agitation. rne organizationdemands his re-engagement.SAFEST LAXATIVE FOR WOMEN.erage.The temperature varies as much as2 degrees in the twenty-four hours.The medium is 97.5, and is reachedat about 4 o'clock a. m., while themaximum 99.6, is attained at 4 in theafternoon. It is notable that fastingor sleep does n,ot altar these temperatures; those persons, however,who work at night and rest by dayreverse the order of the variationsin temperature. Thus bakers, whowork at night, have the highesttemperature at 4 a. m. and the minimum toward evening.In the tropical countries, the average normal temperature is 100.4,siigntiy nigner man in ui Leiuyciate zones. In the arctic the normaltemperature is lower. Norwigans,who live in the cold climate, have anaverage temperature of 97.7.The variations are certainly dueto the difference in the temperatureof the air. and not, as some havethought, to difference in race, forNorwegians attain the same temperature as natives when they live inthe tropics.Muscular labor has considerableeffect upon the temperature and mayraise it as much as 2 degrees. Onescientists-observed that with normalexercise the temperature went upfrom 97.7 to 100. In certain exceptional cases the temperature riseseven more. A runner has been foundto mark 103 after a hard race. Intellectual labor also causes a rise intemperature. Wehls shows that aman sitting down to study hard witha temperature of 97 raises it 1 degreeto 98 by forty .minutes of brainwork.The maintenance of the temperature about a certain standard in thewarm-blooded animals, notwithstanding the variations of the externaltemperature, prove the existenceof some kind of internal regulator ioy which the animal fights agains jthe tendency to increase or diminishhis own heat. iThe resistance of warm-blooded an-'imals against cold is considerable, jIn Polar regions these animalsbears, seals, musk oxen, dos Ptn iwithstand temperatures of 30 degreesueiow zero habitually, and Nanzenreports that he felt no great inconvenience when the temperature wasless than 40 below.The body uses two means of fie-M-ing cold. Diminishing the loss offnj , ,heat by radiation and incrnnsinp- in. tO-day lor booklet.ternal combustion. (Diminution of radiation is broughtaDouc Dy tne tur of the animal andby man's clothing. Besides, there isa constrution of the blood vrsrpIs nra diminution of the irrigation of theSKin ana as a consequence decreasesradiation.Increase of combustion is broughtabout by increase of muscular activity, which, as we say, "keeps uswarm," and by the eating of fats andother foods of high carbon content.In summer or in tropical climateswe have to fight increase of temperature which will arise from the invasion of the heat without or fromovercombustion within. -The organism overcomes heat by increasingradiation and evaporation. The dilation of the blood vessels causesthe blood to flow to thq surface ofthe body, and m if the temperaturewithout be not 'higher than that ofthe blood the loss by radiation is increased. But it is especially by loss of waterthat the warm-blooded animals prevent the rise of temperature of thebody. The cold produced by evaporation is great, for the loss of 1gram of water (by prespiration andevaporation through the lungs) in 24hours he loses 580 large calories i.e., enough heat to lower the temperature of 116 pound of water 10 degrees. This demonstrates the enormousvalue of evaporation .through theskin and lungs and the necessity forkeeping these organs in prime condition, especially during the warmweather, if we are to bear it in comfort. It is obviously, then, a crimeagainst the body to overclothe It.is a book of loot pages namtsomciy honnd fa cloth-treatsof Physiology Hy&lcaz. Anptomy, Mdfcjcvj and i a eamnirt.IMMUU3BeBR3SCaSHot Facts About Fuel !If you have been a housekeeper any lengthof time you have probably tried different kindsof COAL. And after all kinds of experiences and complaints you know there is 'justone kind of FUEL that gives absolute satisfaction always, that , is Fox RidgeCoal. Remember you cannot order tooearly to avoids the high priees.Dodson & Deo tonThe Home of Good Coala I ards, South Mam St. Both Phnn'1 An A- 5?(2aKz(&t,Qc(atjjg (ASK THE FAR1Twho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Tellephone works for him. He will reply:9 fiS p?p -UCtS 4 Elects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases ProfitsJ. Pays For Itself Over and Over rronisaSvfor bookief r3aSnS why YOUshouId interested andsendFor information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.CLEANSES YOUR HAIRMAKES IT BEAUTIFULIt Becomes Thick, Wavy, Lustrous,and all Dandruff Disappears.Nearly every woman needs a goodlaxative. Dr. King's New Life Pillsare good because they are prompt,safe, and do not cause pain. Mrs. M.C. Dunlap, of'Leadill, Tenn., says:"Dr. King's New Life Pills helped mytroubles greatly." Price 25c. Recommended by- L Oberdprfer and "W. T.Brooks. (Sept). Surely try a "Danderine HairCleanse"if you wish to immediatelydouble the beauty of your hair. Justmoisten a cloth with Danderine anddraw it carefully through your hair,taking one small strand at a time;this will cleanse the hair of dust, dirtor any excessive oil in a few minutes you will be amazed.' Your hairwill be wavy, fluffffy and abundantand possess an incomparable softness, lustre and luxuriance.Besides beautifying the hair, oneapplication of Danderine dissolvesevery particle of dandruff; invigorates the scalp, stopping itching andfalling hair.Danderine is to the hair what freshshowers of rain and sunshine are tovegetation. It goes right to theroots, invigorates and strengthensthem. Its exhilirating, stimulatingand life-producing properties causethe hair to grow long, strong andbeautiful.You can surely have pretty, soft,lustrous hair, and lots of it, if youwill just get a 25 cent bottle ofKnowlton's Danderine from any drugstore or toilet counter and try it asdirected.iHPtmlflipLadies, Take a Look!ATTwin Bros. Department Store,New Arrival ofladies' Stylish Fall Snits, Coats. Skirts,Waists, Millinery, Shoes, Etc,: Handsome Drypods and Fall Drygoodsand Silks.Call InTwinmemCorner Seventh and Main Sts,Instead of Wood Shingles orSlate,l"l " 'A k "" ." 4k i .V C ' "iff I I fciiMA'7. i.r3lih$ -ji i yJf ?f3 !S1 10 fHHfe;COXTJUGffTMetal Shingles yThe roofing that lasts as long asthe building and never needsrepairs.They won't bum. crarlr rA -,nylike wood shingles, nor have tW KCTeat WfMCrVlh nr Krif)anA.. C ! .esides they are inexpensive and look better than either.For Sale byBest & Hawkins, Millersburg Ky;IVs". JK1HL BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1913THE FAMOUS TRANSYLVANIASTAKE AT LEXINGTONDAVID BELASCO'S GREATESTSPECTACULAR FAIRY PLAYePP! $85,000 K1BH PURSES Kpflr iv 1 1 1 1 a Vl I S 1 k ! VIKENTUCKY T. H.Oct. 6 to$ 5sQ0O TWO-YEAR-OLD FUTURiy$ 3,000 WALNUT HALL CUP, " ) "$21,000 KENTUCKY FUTURITY (3-year-old , -$3,000 FREE-FOR-ALL PACE, - - ' e 'd$ 5,000 TRANSYLVANIA, - - , , u$10,500 CHAMPIONSHIP STALLION STAKE,$ 3,000 CASTLETON CUP, ....A BIG STAKE EVERY DAYWeber's Prize Band o AmericaOne Fare-RAILFOAD RATES One FareTheAmericanThe Latest AdderCosts But $35See our exhibit ask for10 days' trialHere is a new price on a competent Adder. On a machine thatis rapid, full size and infallibleThe very latest machine, builtby men who know how, in oneof the largest metal-working shopsIt is an individual Adder, to heplaced on one's desk, close to one'stoks and papers. To take theplace of the central machine, requiring skilled operators.The price is due to utter simp'icity, and to our enormous output. Seven keys do all the work.Each, copied number isshown up for checking before the addition is made.The machine will add, subtract and multiply. With veryslight practice anyone cancompute a hundred figures aminute. And the machinenever makes mistakes.Countless offices, large andsmall, are getting from thesemachines the highest class ofservice.AddingMachineStateManufactured ajtdZGuaranteed byAMERICATN CAN COMPANY, CHICAGOSold by Joseph Candiulo Co., Lexington, Ky.Pans OdorlessMen's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks our specialty.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryJ Men's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andI Reblocked to your satisfaction.I We Call For and Deliver Work.I Call up E. T. Phone 40.I Paris Odorless Cleaning Co.,3am Levy, Proprietor.:milie xviu uiuvcaicmicu, uui, j.uc, ivug juGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEK.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.B. ASSOCIATION18, 1913Monday, Oct. 6Tuesday, Oct. 7Wednesday, Oct 8Thursday, Oct. 9Friday, - Oct. 10Tuesday, J Oct. 14Now we make this offer so thatoffices everywhere may lear whatthis machine means to them.1 0 Days' TestWe will gladly place in anyoffice one American Adder for aThere will be no obligation,ten-days' test,and charges will be prepaid.Combpare it with any non-lister-eventhe costliest. Let anyone use it. See if any machinecan serve better than this.Just send us this coupon andwe'll send the machine.If 7rArrh MnS&& iff -ImMfKimU W" ' VPlease send us an American Adding Machine for ten days' free' trial.NameStreet AddressCity . :1$!Ckaninq Co. mLexington's wonderful trottingmeeting this year opens on Monday,October 6 with the Walnut Hall Cupand- the Futurity for two-year-olds asopening atractions. On Tuesday theprogram includes the Kentucky Futurity for three-year-olds, worth$14,000, of which $10,000 will go tothe first horse. Good judges predictthat this will be as good a race aswas that of 1912 wnen Manrico wasreturned the winner after a memorable contest of six heats. On Wednesday comes the Tennessee Stakes,which will bring together the greatest field of free-for-all pacers evergotten together on any track, vizEarl, Jr., 2:01 1-2, Braden Direct,2:02 1-4,. Directum I, 2:02 1-4, Longworth B., 2:02 1-4, Frank Bogash Jr.,2:02 3-4, Hal B., Jr., 2:03, FlowerDirect, 2:03 1-4 and Walter Cochato2:04. It is said that every horse eligible can pace a mile better than2:03. Then, on Thursday, Ocober 9,will come the world's famous stake,The Transylvania, which for morethan twenty years has been regardedas more classic than any trottingevent, not excepting the Charter Oakand the M. and M.This year the Transylvania standsout stronger than ever in its history,for there are eighteen horses paid upand eligible to start, and it is certainthat at least twelve will answer hebell. First in popularity is thatbeautiful little mare, Cheeney, thatcomes from Texas. She has racedsince she was two years old, hasstarted in more than fifty races, andhas been outside of the money butthree times. She is six years old nowand her record is 2:04 3-4. It nowlooka as if her most formidable opponent will be Reubens 2:07 1-4, thewinner of this year's M. & M. Butthere are others with which she willhave to reckon, for it might happenthat Dorah Medium, formerly in thestableof Ed Geers, will be the troublemaker, for she is so game that shemust always be taken into consideration. Last year she was consideredhe gamest trotter that raced in theGrand Circuit. She has not startedthis year but it is said that hertrainer has fitted her especially forThe Transylvania, and as she is amare of terrifiic speed as well asgamenessshe will have a lot of backers Then there are Marigold, 2:07Robert Milroi, 2:07 1-4, Gay Audubon2:06 3-4, Lady Grattan, 2:08 1-4,Peter Thompson, winner of the Kentucky Futurity in 1911, Oakdale,2:07 1-4, and others, including therecruits from the half-mile tracks,John Ruskin, Omar and Silk Hat.Certain it is that every horseman inthe country is now talking of thesegreat races at the Lexington rack,many predicting that the Transylvania will be he race of the decade.STRENGTHEN WEAK KIDNEYS.I Don't suffer longer with weak kidjneys. You can get prompt relief byj taking Electric Bitters, that wonderful remedy praised by women every-wnere. start with a bottle today, youwill soon feel like a new woman withambition to work, without fear ofpain. Mr. John Dowling, of San Francisco, writes: "Gratitude for the wonderful effect of Electric Bittersprompts me to write. It cured mywife when all else failed." Good forthe liver as well. Nothing better forindigestion or biliousness. Price 50c.and $1.00, at L. Oberdorfer and W. T.Brooks. (Sept)From 1876 to 1910 more than halfmillion persons left Nbrwav.aainly for the United States.DON'T LET eABY SUFFER WITHECZEMA AND SKIN ERUPTIONSBabies need a perfect skin-covering.Skin eruptions cause them notonly intense suffering, but hinder thegrowth. Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment can be relied on for relief andpermanent cure of suffering babieswhose skin eruptions have made theirlives miserable. "Our baby was afflicted with a breaking out of the skinall over the face and scalp. Doctorsand skin specialists failed to help.We tried Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment and were overjoyed to see thebaby completely cured before one boxwas used," writes Mrs. Strubler, Dubuque, Iowa. All druggists, or bymail, 50c. (Sept)PFEIFFER CHEMICAL COMPANY,St. Louis, Mo. Philadelphia, Pa.Aluminum is to be turned out atthe rate of 25,000 tons annually at anew hydro-electric manufactory nowunder construction in North Carolina. .A red paint has been recently devised which changes its color to blackwhen subjected to heat.MAY PROVE FATAL.When Will Paris People Learn theImportance of It?Backache is only a simple thing atfirst;But if you find 'tis from the kidneys ;That serious Sidney troubles mayfollow ;That dropsy or fright's diseasemay be the fatal end,You will be glad to know the following experience.'Tis the honest statement of aPaint Lick resident;Lillie Golson, Paint Lick, Ky., says:"For five years I had kidney troubleI suffered from pams in the smallof my, back, and when I stooped orlifted, sharp twinges darted throughme. My back ached at night, and inthe morning I was lame. I becameeasily and was nervous. Headachesand dizzy spells were common. Mybody bloated as if I had the dropsy.I finally began using Doan's KidneyPills, ana two boxes greatly relievedme. I intend to continue using thisremedy until I am cured."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cets. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the vnume Doan's andtake no other. - 'With a characteristic similitudethat suggests Longfellow's immortalbrook that "flows on forever," DavidBelasco's mental storehouse seemsto be as inexhaustible as the poeticstream, and as year after year hisproductions are presented, each yearmore potent and appealing than thetpredecessor, the question arises:"Will this wizard ever reach the zenith of his art?"His most pretentious production inmany years, "A Good Little Devil,"written by Rosemonde Gerard andMaurice Rostand, wife and son of theillustrious French poet, and adaptedby Austin Strong, comes near beingthe final word in stage craft and picturation, as critics have pronouncedthis truly wonderful production, "thecrowning achievement of his eminently successful career.""A Good Little Devil" is a fascinating fairy fantasy with the localelaid in romantic Scotland, where thefairies, brownies and kelpies aboundand the story in tabloid tells a taleof a little boy who lived under thecare of a persecuting, .miserly oldaunt, who was a believer in witch-"craft. She dressed him in rags,made him sleep in the garret withthe rats and half-starved kine, whileall the time she saved the moneythat was sent to her by a rich unclefor his bringing up.One night the boy was visited bythe fairies, to whom he tells histroubles, and discloses his love forJuliet, a blind girl who lives. in thegarden, with pet squirrels, rabbits,dogs, deer, etc., as playmates.'Hie fairies promise him their aid,and his adventures, thwarting his enemies, his victory, and his marriageto Juliet, who has had her sight restored by the fairies, go to make apoetic gem such as could only emanate from the pens of such illustriousauthors.David Belasco has visualized thisstory by his magic touch into a playthat turns back the wheels of timeand awakens within the hearts ofgrown-ups, the tender memories ofchildhood and the hours spent atmother's knee listening breathlesslyto the fairy tales of long ago. Italso has a strong appeal to the children, who are for the time waftedinto Fairyland by an excursion suchas Belasco alone can conduct.Mr. Belasco, with his customaryconsistency, brings to the GrandOpera House, Cincinnati, for theweek commencing Monday, October20, the entire New t York productiondirect from his own Republic Theatre, also a notable company, including William Norris, Ernest Truex,Arthur Hill, Leonard Craske , IvaMerlin, Katherino Minahan, RobertVivian, about sixty others, and littleMary Pickford, "Queen of theMovies", as she has been called, whoplays "Juliet," the sweet-faced blindchild.TIRED OUT, NERVOUSAND DISCOURAGEDTona Vita Will Bring Back Strengthand Ambition Almost, at. Once.No time like the present .to getwell. If you-are run down, with little strength or ambition, don't put offdoing something about it anotherday. You owe it to your family, yourfriends and yourself to throw offthis dull, dragging, nervous condition.Tona Vita is what your systemneeds. This great medicine is nowrecognized as the National Tonic, andis endorsed by physicians generally.Tona Vita will build you up in afew weeks' time. Don't be nervous,depressed, half-sick a day longer.Get it today.' If you have lost fleshweigh yourself after taking it a week.You will be astonished by the weightyou have gained.Tona Vita is sold by Chas. E. Butler & Co.DESPONDENCYIs often caused by indigestion andconstipation, and quickly disappearswhen Chamberlain's Tablets are taken. For sale by all dealers.(Sept)WILL PROLONG STAY.Mr. A. R. Johns, the expert photograper, who came here early in thesummer for ft ffw weeks' stav nt. Nnr-man's studio, will on account of theimmens amount of work on hand,be compelled to prolong his stay untilafter Christmas. Those who desirework done should have their sittingemade at once, as the work will befinished in the order thev are filed.(16-tf)In Boston a humane society getsrid of superflous animals by inclosing them in cages in which deathdealing electric shocks are administered automatically by closing thedoors.A dispatch from Mt. Sterlingsays: "Mountain parties sold hereMonday to Ohio buyers 500 head offeeding cattle, at prices ranging fromsix to seven cents per pound. Thecattle averaged in weight about 950pounds, and were in good shape. Thebuyers were busy all day Sunday making their purchases. The deal involved about ?30,000."A total working income of approximately $35,000,000 was Teceived byeighty-seven State universities andother State aided institutions ofhigher educatfon during last year.DO YOU FEAR CONSUMPTION?No matter how chronic your coughor how severe your throat or lungailment is, Dr. King's New Discoverywill surely help you; it may save yourlife. Stillman Green, of Malichite,Col., writes: "Two doctors said that Ihad consumption and could not livetwo years. I used Dr. King's New Discovery and am alive and well." Yourmoney refunded if it fails to benefityou. The best home remedy forcolds, coughs, throat and lungtroubles. Price 50 cents, and $1.00.Guaranteed by L. Oberdorfer and W.T. Brooks. (Sept)iwi ti iMj tti ci () eIt Always Helpssays Mrs. Sylvania Woods, of Clifton Mills, Ky" inwriting of her experience with Cardui, the woman'stonic. She says further: "Before I began to useCardui, my back and head would hurt so bad, Ithought the pain would kill me. 1 was hardly ableto dp any of my housework. After taking three bottlesof Cardui, I began to feel like a new woman. I soongained 35 pounds, and now, I do all my housework,as well as run a big water mill.I wish every suffering woman would giveCARDUIThe Woman's Tonica trial. I still use Cardui when I feel a little bad,and it always does me good."Headache, backache, side ache, nervousness,tired, worn-out feelings, etc., are sure signs of womanly trouble. Signs that you need Cardui, the woman'stonic. You cannot make a mistake in trying Carduifor your trouble. It has been helping weak; ailingwomen for more than fifty years.Get a Bottle Today! TMJ lU ISJ. .,. r .. -ritinmimriTTwin Bros.' Department Store701-703 Main Street, Corner SeventhSee Our Window For.50, $15.00 and $18.00 SuitsReduced to$9.98These Suits are in the latest styles"and colors and areexcellent values. Take a look at them. We also' have afull line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts and everything thMen and Boys wear.BROS., CLOTHING DEP'1L. WoIIstein, Propri or.)?a-jrv3.Special Rates &' Excursions.Eucursiorfto Cincinnati, Ohio,and return aSunday, Sept. 2$$1.50 HOUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7jp. in.Tickets good on special strainonly. WMLow round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address.W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, TA. 'PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching: Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allajt, itching at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and f 1.00.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props'., Cleveland, Ohioj L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.14Roxie" Davis !Cbe Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,.Liability, Fire, Wint,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137rsi m m ni tw rti191 IMJ lAJ IB) fM f f-HCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Nexfc to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite Attention 2Hot and Cold jBaths at AllHoursNo Long Waits:A Share of the Public Pat.'ronage Solicited.a a a iMSew BarbershopWindsor Hotel.i-BModern Equipment,PolitelService.I 9Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty. 'CARL CRAWFORDSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 12 l-2c for greenbeef hides. Call usup Jor bring it to our place.MAX MUNICK,8th Street. PARIS,Oall East, Tenn;' Phonft 3741- THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., SEPTEMBER 26, . 19133kat-It1itIfWi..ft,itfTlie Bourbon NewsEstablished Feb. 1, 1881.-7SW1FT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.,(Btred at the Paris, Kentucky,Fdtoffice as Mail Matter of theSftcond Class.)Batered at .Fostouice it .raris, ivy.asinaaxlmattei t le pcona cias-Xst&blished 188130 Years of Continuous Publication:?ufcithed Every Tuesday and Fridayne Year $2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perieh for first time ; 50 cents per inche-ah subsequent insertion.Beading notices, 10 cents per lineadfci issue; reading notices in blackijpe, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,lfcuaries and resolutions, and similar mat! er, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.tBbe right of publisher is reservedU flecline any advertisement or otheratatter offered for publication.Space a newspaper's fatock intrad somC3 of revenue.OCTOBER SEVENTH IS THEREGULAR REGISTRATION DAYTuesday, October 7, is the regularregistration and every Democratwes it to himself and his party tofee on hand promptly to secure histualificatio to participate in the regular election in November.Each year there are more or lesswko lose their right to vote by fail-Sag to comply with the law regarding jregistration. If a male citizen oflegal age is within the city betweentke hours of registration 6 a. m. to5 p. m. and fail to to secure a registration certificate, he is barredJrom participating in the regular elec-tien. If by reason of illness, illness j piece. No one can Hear the melodi5 the family or absence from the . 0Us music without getting some pleas-lty, a voter is enuueu iu regis teiis prevented from so doing the lawprovides for a special registration.Every Democrat who participatedi the recent Democratic primarydesires to see the party candidatessucceed in the regular election. Letevery Democrat be in hand the dayf the regular registration and securekis certificate. IWINCHESTER BANKER INJAIL FOR CONTEMPT)Because he refused to answer questions propounded to him by the grandjury conductin a probe into allegedlection frauds in Clark county, DavidB. Hampton, cashier of the Clarkounty .National anic ana a promi- tent citizen of Winchester, was com-'fitted to iail Tuesdav bv Judse Ben-ten, of the Clark Circuit Court. A s ld,e,wa,ys . Sce,nic sPht reel; At tIle residence of the bride'sSue of $30 a day was entered against Deaa Ma n s Shoes, an American, a parents, Mr. and Mrs. James Kiser,Hampton until he agrees to answer drama which tells a story of human near Kiserton, yesterday afternoon,tke questions asked him. "I'll stay . interest and pathos. Mr. Peicy Reed, Miss Jimmie Bell Kiser was unittfcer until I rot," were the words of b.antone singer, is still popular with ej m marriage to Mr. Elbert LuskJfampton as he was conducted from J tile cr,0, s,,at visit the Columbia. Davis, of Berea, Ky.tke court room by Jailer Mullins, R REED'S PROGRAM. The wedding was a quiet affair, onlyTuesday morning. Wednesday morn-' eSinnmg Monday, Sept. 29, Mr. the lelaotives of th contracting paring he was brought into court and i ere' Reed, the popular baritone sing-' ties and a few- invited guests witasked if he was ready to answer the e; at the Columbia, by special request j nessing the ceremony, which was perLHestions. "No, sir," was the quiet of . number of patrons of this theatre, formed m a very impressive mannerTeply, and he was again sent to jail, i Wl11 sing a number of the old time j by Rev. J. S. Sims, of the Paris MethThe affair has created quite a stir in I songs. This will be a rare treat to odist church.tke Clark capital oung to the promi- j Jlear i songs of other aays and which I The bride is one of the most at-ence of the banker. th.e hearing of these old songs again I tractive and popular young womenS WW, call back to mind some sweet of that community and until recent-SOLE AGENTS."We are sole agents in Paris for theiamous "Belle Meade Sweets," the"est box candies in the world. A.(irial box will make you a regular custmer. Received fresh every week.23-2t) VARDEN & SON.NICHOLASVILLE MANFOUND DEAD IN BED.E. A. Duncan, widely known sportsman,, aged 58 years, was found dead5 bed at his home in Nicholasville,Tuesday afternoon, at 4:30 o'cilock,Jiy his aged mother, Mrs. Jane Duncan. He had been a sufferer fromkeart trouble, brought on by rheumatism. JUDGE BECKHAM DIESAT SHELBYVILLE HOMEJudge J. C. Beckham died Tuesdaymorning at 7:30 o'clock at the homet his daughter, Mrs. W. C. P. Muir,ya. Shelbyville. Hardening of the arteries was the cause of his death, butthe end was hastened by pneumonia.For nearly fifty years Judge Beckk&m had been the leader of the Shelky bar. He was an uncle of formerGovernor J. C. W. Beckham. He haslieen in failing health for a year ormore.NOW'S THE TIMEBuy your wall paper now. Yous&ve big money by doing so.J. T. HINTON.PARIS SHOE FIRM BUYS DAN'COHEN MAYSVILLE STOREPosner Bros., who for the past sev-ca.l years have been conducting askoe store in this city, are branchingut in the business since buying itfrom. Dan Cohen, the Cincinnati shoemerchant On Monday by the termsmt a deal consummated the local firmbecomes the owner of the large MaysTille branch of the Cohen chain ofhoe stores, and immediately tookkarge of the business, which is to1m conducted at the -present standaloag the same lines. The MaysvilleLiger says:. "It is to be regretted that Dan Colea has quit the business field here,a he was a hustler and very progresMre. However, welcome to the Postr Bros!"ELIGIOUSSt. Peter's Episcopal Church,Rev. Geo. H. Harris, rector. Sundayschool 9:30 a. m.; morning prayerand sermon 10:45 a. m.; subject:"The Inside of the Cup." Mr. Harrissermon will deal with some of thequestions raised m Mr. WinstonChurchill's latest book. A cordialinvitation is extended to the public.SHOES FOR THE CHILDRENSchool shoes, we sell them thebest made. .(It) GEO. McWILLIAMS.Mr. Clinton Pox, aged 73, formersheriff and county clerk of Clarkcounty, died at his home in Winchester, Wednesday, following an attackof heart trouble. He was an ex-Confederatesoldier.SEE McWILLIAMS' FALL SHOESWe sell the "Baby Doll" shoes.(It) GEO. McWILLIAMS.THEATRICAL."THE SOUL KISS.The coming of "The Soul Kiss" tothe Paris Grand on Saturday night,Sept. 27, is an event out of the ordinary in theatricals. It was considered the most successful musical comedy produced at the New York Theatre. The critics there united in extending to this production exceptional praise, both for the cleverness ofits book and the tunefulness of itsmusic. The work is the joint productof Harry B. Smith and Maurice Levi.The plot of "The Soul Kiss" is moreconsistent and reasonable than isusually found in musical plays andcontains a number of novel surprises.The music of the piece is written inMaurice Levi's best vein. There areover a dozen tuneful numbers in theure out of it. Throughout the twoacts of "The Soul Kiss" there will befound many new, novel and strikingeffects. Julian Mitchell is responsible for the staging of this pretentiousmusical comedy, which is (massiveand beautiful in its scenic investure.a company of sixty fun-makers 'havebeen engaged. Altogether, "The SoulKiss" is sparkling and vivaciousenough to satisfy anybody.COLUMBIA THEATREToday at the Columbia three of theusual first-class pictures will beshown. "When A Girl Loves," aPilot drama which brings before youone .of the sweetest and tenderest of- " wiuuuw .cci, u.KeJs.tne comedy of the kind all like;and "Thfi Largest Boat Ever Launch-1. uieuioiies ol long ago. un Monday 'niirllt Mr. RfiPfl -will sin "Snn rf lm !'Desert;" Tuesday, "When You and IWere Young, Maggie;" Wednesday,i "Forgotten;" Thursday, "SilverThreads Among the Gold;" Friday,Annie .Laurie;" Saturday, "In OldMadrid." In connection with thisj list of old fashioned songs you will" r !. J i.1 - x. . -occ cau uay turee ot uie best otmoving pictures.-FLORAL AGENTFlowers for -any -and all occasions.JO. S. VARDEN, Floral Agent. Bothphones.SEED WHEAT AND RYE.Choice Fultz Seed Wheat, Northernand Home Grown Rye for sale. Call84 either phone.(10sep-3wks) R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.MR. HELLER TO OPEN AGREEN MARKET IN OCTOBER.Mr.Martin Heller, who for the pastseveral years, has been connectedwith his father, Mr. P. M. Heller, ina meat market in this city, has leased the storeroom in the old Christian church building occupied by Stuart & O'Brien, at the corner of Mainand Eighth streets, and about October 5 will open a green market anddelicatessen store. Mr. Heller is avery popular young man and will nodoubt make a success in his newbusiness venture.SOLE AGENTS.We are the sole agents in Paris forthe famous "Belle Meade Sweets,"the best box candies in the world. Atrial box will make 'you a regular customer. Received fresh every week.(23-2t VARDEN & SONNO STATEMENT GIVEN OUTBY ANTI-BURLEY PEOPLEThe promised statement, which itwas announced by a leader of the opposition to the officials of the BurleyTobacco Company, would be givenout Wednesday, was not forthcomingat the appointed time and is still notknown, publicly, whether the forcesheaded by James N. Kehoe, of Maysville, will put candidates in the fieldfor election as officers and directorsthere until I rot," were the words ofDEATHSHHIALThe following invitations havebeen received here by kinsmen andfriends :Dr. and Mrs. William HendersonKellyrequest the honor of your presenceat the marriage of their daughterBrighttoMr. Brent Arnold, Jr.,on the afternoon of Wednesday,October the fifteenthone thousand nine hundred andthirteenat five o'clock1006 Madison Avenue,Covington, KentuckyKELLEY-FORD.Friends in this city have received the following announcement:Mr. and Mrs. John J. Kellyannounce the marriage oftheir sisterKatherine A.toMr. William Newton FordWednesday, September seventeenthnineteen thirteenJacksonville, FloridaMr. Ford is a son of the late JamesFord, of this city, and until a fewyears ago made his home here. Helocated in Jacksonville," where is actively engaged in business. His hostof friends here mish he and his bridea happy married life.RAINEY-MARTIN.Miss Nanie Rainey, of Bourboncounty, daughter of Mr. J. H. Rainey,and Mr. Orie W. Martin, son of Mr.Lewis Martin, of Harrison county,were maried in Cynthiana, Tuesday.ALLISON-METZGER.The marriage of Miss MargueriteAllison and Mr. John Nelson Metzger,"both of this city, was quietly solemnized this afternoon at 3:30 o'clock, atthe residence of Mrs?. James L. Brownon Winchester street. The attractive bride is the daughter of Mr. andMrs. John Allison, of Bourbon county, and is a young woman of beautyand charm of manner and disposition. Mr. Metzger is a popular youngemploye of the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad. After a wedding trip to Niagara and other Eastern points thecouple will return to Paris to maketheir "home with the groom's parents,in Henry Division.TINGLE-FRAZIER.Miss Margaret Single and Mr.Percy Frazler, .a handsome couplefrom Lexington, came over to Parison the S:3 train Tuesday afternoonand were quietly married by Rev. Dr.IX M. Shive at the manse on DuncanAvenue.The bride was formerly from Norwood, near Cincinnati, and has a verypleasing personality. The bridegroom is a popular young businessman in Lexington.The reason for coming to Paris fortheir marriage ceremony was to avoidthe publicity and confusion of achurch or a home wedding, and theypreferred to be marrred in this quietmanner. The couple returned toLexington on the 5:15 train.KISR-DAVIS.iy was an efficient teacher in thecounty schools. Mr. Davis, who is amember of one of the most prominent families of Berea, is a popularyoung business man of that place.Immediately after the ceremonyand congratulations the couple left onthe afternoon tram for Cincinnati,form wln'p.h nlnn.A tbv willj several poibt m the East and return-"" tJ" "ing will be at home to their friendsafter October 15, in Berea.CROWELL-CHANSLOR.The Maycville Ledger of Tuesdaycontained the followlne annnnnt. nfjthe marriage of Mr. I. F. Chanslor, a1 former Bourbon county boy to MissLucille Crowell, one of Maysville'smost popular young women:A pretty hause wedding occurredthis morning at 9 o'clock when Mr.Isaac F. Chanslor and Miss LucilleOrr Crowell were united in marriageat the home of thw bride's parents,Mr. and Mrs. Simon Crowell, on Walnut street, in the presence of a scoreof guests.At the appointed hour, Miss Adaline Laubly sang "O Promise Me."which was an effective introductionto the wedding ceremony. Followingthis the bridal procession beganwhen Miss Ada Emmitt played thewedding march from Lohengrin. Theminister, A. F. Stahl, who led the waywas slowly followed by Dr. WilliamCrowell, of Toledo, O., the bride'sbrother, and Miss Helen Marshall, ofUpon reaching the centr of the room,Upon reaching thee enter of the room,they awaited the coming of the bride,who was accompanied by the grooin..Little Miss Thelma Brunson Pollitt,a cousin, preceeded the bride andscattered rose petals in her way. Thewords of the minister were appropriate and the ring ceremony was impressive. The bride was attired in a traveling suit of bule with hat to match.She carried a shower bouquet ofBride's roses and Lillies of the Valley. A white coat suit was worn bythe maid of honor. She also carriedBride's roses. The little flower girlwore white silk trimmed with lace.The house was tastefully decoratedwith ferns and Golden Rod. A bankof ferns formed a back ground forthe bride and groom and their attendants during the ceremony.Very shortly after the ceremony,Mr. and' Mrs. Chanslor left on theirwedding trip. They will stop at Nashville and New Orlenas. Upon their return they will be at home to theirmany friends.The bride was the recipient ofmany costly presents. She is one ofthe most popular young ladies inMaysville.The groom is a successful druggistin East Second street. They bothhave a wide circle of friends and arevery popular in this city.Mr. Chnslor is a son of the lateMr. I. F. Chanslor, of Millersburg,and for a time was engaged as apharmacist at the drug store of Dr.W. T. Brooks, of this city.After thewedding Mr. and Mrs. Chanslor cameto Paris in an automobile where theywere the guests or friends beforetheir departure on their Southerntrip.FOOT BALL GAME TODAYAT PARIS BALL PARKThe foot ball team of the ParisHigh School will meet the team ofthe Richmond High School in the firstgame of the season this afternoon taWhite Park. The game will becalled at four o'clock.CORPORATING ARTICLES OFBOURBON Y. M. C. A. FILEDArticles incorporating the YoungMen's Christian Association of Bourb6n county were filec Tuesday in theoffice of County Clerk Pearce Paton.The main offices of the organizationwill be in Paris. The articles statethat the purpose of forming the corporation will be the improvement ofthe spiritual, intellectual, social andphysical condition of the men -andboys of Bourbon, and from which nopecuniary private profit shall be derived. By the articles the incorporatorsright claim the usual privileges andalso the right to establish departments or branches at any point inthe county, and to provide for thegovernment of same, to employ andpay such officers for the carrying onof said purpose as may be desirableand to provide such buildings, roomsand equipment as they may deem advisable. The incorporating articles weresigned by Catesby Spears, James S."Wilson, H. A. Power, J. T. Vansant,Frank Fithian, C. O. Hinton, HenryL. Terrell, John T. Collins, ThomasH. Clay, Jr., Buckner Woodford, Jr.,Jos. S. Varden and Claude M. ThomasMr. C. A. McMillan and Mrs. Goldstein, who owned the lot to be usedas a site for the new Associationbuilding, have conveyed the propertyto the Y. M. C. A.Another notice was mailed yesterday to those who have failed to paythe installments due Sept. 1 on thebuilding fund pledges. It is hopedthat those who have overlooked thisimportant matter Avill pay up by Oct.The Secretary is expecting a letterdaily from Shattuck & Hussey, the architects, stating when one of the firmwill make a visit here for the purpose of examining the lot so that abuilding suitable to the ground maybe designed.SEED BARLEY.Choice seed barley for sale. Phones84. R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.(10sep-3wks)CRUELTY TO ANIMALS.(Cynthiana Democrat.)At Paris the other day, an insurance agent's jaw Was broken by ablow from a .monkey-wrench. A monkey-wrench,we understand, is theonly weapon that can make an impression on an insurance agent's jaw.ORDERED ON SHORT NOTICEFlowers. Anything in cut fknversgotten on short notice.JO. S. VARDEN, Agent.TANBARK QUEEN IS PRIZEMARE, HAZEL DAWNKentucky standards for saddlehorses and horsemanship soared toa new high record in showing at theState Fair for the $2,000 stake, whereHazel Dawn was ci owned queen ofsaddle horses in Kentucky. Never inthe history of Kentucky has such amagnificent field of saddle horsescompeted in the same ring.Stars from three States tried tolower the colors of the Shropshiremare, which has captured the bluetie in the premier event of the country for saddle horses, but they wereunsuccessful. From the time theeleven horses entered the ring theten thousand visitors cheered HazelDawn. Th little mare never made agreater show. Se'emingly she realizedthat her greatest of ring battles wasbefore her. Responding to the slightest touch of Billy Shropshire's handshe changed perfectly and with consummate ease from walk to trot, tocanter to racking, every gait was ather command.FALL OPENING.Our Fall opening this year will beheld on September 25 and 26. Handsome display of thy very latest pattern hats and novelties. Stunningstyles in real beaver, velour, hattersplush, clipped beaver. All shades,shapes and prices. You are invitedto call.ei9-2t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.KANSAS CITY SCIENTISTS SAYCOL. SWOPE WAS POISONEDA dispatch from Leavenworth,Kansas, says that discoveries madeby chemists and bacterologists at theUniversity of Kansas prove positivelythat hydrocianic acid cannot be formed naturally in the human stomach,and that where it is found in thestomach of a dead man it must havebeen administered before death.This fact conclusively proves,theyassert, that the hydrocianic acidfound in the stomaon of Col. Swope,of Kansas City, was administered before death.Investigations were made by Profs.B. H. S. Bailey, H. P. Cady and H. W.Emerson, chemists, and Profs. C. C.Young and C. Lawson, bacteriologistsCady, Bailey and Emerson were Statewitneses in the last Hyde trial.Pall Fashion Week Sept. 29th to Oct. 4thOur Gathering of New FallApparel is Indeed Alluring.No woman with the true Fashion-instinct for beautywill be able to resist the appeal of this collection of newFall Suits, Coats, Dresses, etc. The charm and becomingness of styles, the elegance and aristocratic appearance ofthe various garments and their irreproachably high qualityform a combination that cannot fail to galvanize yourattention.These lovely Suits, Coatg, Dresses, etc., come fromthe country's style-centers from the hands of America'smost famous designers and makers. Many are . exact replicas of original Paris fashions; all are extremely beautiful whether they were designed in America or in Paris.This gathering really amounts to a complete review oftke new Fall styles, for it embraces, every new fashion thathas been approved by the country's fashion critics. Comenow to Wolf, Wile & Co.'s if you wish to view the mostbrilliant style exposition in Lexington.What the New Suits Are LikeImported three, piece models are here, as well as everypopular style that is produced in this country and sanctioned by the fashion authorities. Every wanted fabricis represented, in a full range of colors. The coats aremostly three-quarter length, cut-away in front. Skirts areall narrow in eifect, some of them showing uplifted drapery at front.$20.00 to $75.00Be Sure to See the New Wool DressesTheir styles are charming, and for general wear, nofiner dresses could be had. Every one is made in an attractive model some quite plain, others elaborate. Allare worthy of the highest praise.$8.50 to $25.00Waists to Match the New SuitsOur assortment of waists is very large, and emphasizes every new style, color and design. You will "findhere waists that will exactly match your Fall Suit. Thestyle-range and diversity of prices is so broad that you caneasily be satisfied.$2.98 to $15.00Siik Dresses Are Exceptionally LovelyDesigners, have surpassed their previous efforts inproducing silk dresses thai are lovely to'behold and comfortable to wear. The range of silks is broad, and comprises the plain shades, as well as many gorgeous colorcombinations. All of the best styles are represented inour display.$15.00 to $50.00e39 dfcg iPorrraerSy Kaufman, Straus Sc Co. fI Lexi ngt on, Ky .WSmmmsmWSlWmm mWmmBBBl lvIf you come in and see our safes and vaults, and realize"how well equipped we are to take care of your money, it wilfegive you a very safe feeling when you go to bed at night toknow that fire or burglars cannot disturb it. If you have any ,money matters on which you wish advice, come to us. Wewill be glad to see you in our bank. y"We refer those who have not banked with us to those?who HAVE. -Make OUR bank YOUR bank. We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.. Capital, Si00,000.00. Surplus, $40,000.00.M.S. HALL. President.FOR SALE.- S-JvJTwenty-four pairs inside shutters.-white. Sold cheap if disposed .lof atonce. Apply to(19-3t) SWIFT CHAMPTO BE SOLD FOR STORAGEDrop Head Singer, $20.Drop Head White, $10.Box Top Singer, $5.627 Main Street.(16-3t) Paris, Ky.rTHICK WALLS,STRONG LOCKS,qrvrp FRFGUARANTEELET US TAKE CARE OFYOUR MONEYC. K. THOMAS. CashIERLOST.DnfLvn TT-S i i -. -sJJGI.NCCH jneiiuersuii street ana .Duncan avenue a shirt waist and pair ofgoia cun buttons. On cuff buttonswas monogram "C. P. I." Reward ifreturned to News office.J . AFOR SALE.One new Moore's Heating Stove,,cheap.C19-4t) NBWTON MITCHELLi1 1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., SEPTEMBER 26, J9134'jS$ffl&te?iiHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADENOTICE.City tax lists for theyear 1913 are now inrmy hands for coHecfcipn, at my office at6he Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.FASHIONABLE HATSFrom Stetson, Knox, Crofut andjapp. A new one out today in allcolors with velvet bands. $4.(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.BURGLARS ENTER ROOM ANDTAKE OVERCOAT AND CLOAKA burglar entered the rooms occupied by J. P. Myers, over Twin Bros'store Monday night and took an overcoat belonging to Mr. Myers and acloak belonging to his little daughter.SAVE MONEY NOWThis is the time to save money onliouse furnishings. SeeJ. T. HINTON.D-3C0NTINUE REAL ESTATEAGENCY IN CARLISLEHarris & Speakes, real estate deali s of this city, some time ago opened. branch office in Carlisle v.Tith Mr.ay Harris in charge, but have discontinued the agency and Mr. Harris has returned to his home in thisnty.GET READY FOR WINTERBlankets and Comforts.(26-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.Tobacco Insurance.23. 4t ROXSE OAV1S.SEED WHEAT, RM ANDTIMOTHY.Ohio fultz Seed Wheat,Northern Seed Rye, fancyquality Timothy Seed.We have large stocks ofIhe above at market prices.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO. !19-4t) IHEAVY FROST DOESCONSIDERABLE DAMAGEThe first frost of the season fellMonday night, doing a great deal ofdamage to the growing gardens and icrops that had not matured.There was a great deal of .tobaccounhoused in the field and quite a gooddeal of corn unmatured that was doneconsiderable damage by the frost.The temperature dropped Mondayxight to about 35 degrees.EXCHANGEYour old stove in on Gas Range and iHeater. j(26-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.WALKING SHOES INTAN AND GUN METALLadies, let us fit you with Englishwalking shoes in tan and gun metal.(It) GEO. McWILLIAMS.PARIS MAN ACCENTS STATEUNIVERSITY PROFESSORSHIPProf. M. Hume Bedford, of Paris,3ias accepted the position of Professor of Physical and Electro Chemistry at State University, and took upriiis work Monday. Prof. Bedford isa gradute of Central University andmade his doctor's degree at the University of Pennsylvania and hastaught analytical, physical and general chemistry at the University ofMaine, physical and electro chemistry at the University- of Illinois andwas adjunct professor of chemistry atUniversity of Virginia and has occupied various commercial positions.He is a son of Mrs. Maria Bedford,,of this city.FALL OPENINGGas Stoves and Ranges. Watch fordate.(26-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.FASHION WEEKAt our store. Every week a weekof fashion. At all times you will findthe fashionable things here. Righthow fashionable suits and overcoatsfor fall.(It)J. W. DAVIS & CO. 'ONE CASE AGAINST PHOENIXHOTEL IS DROPPEDThe case in the Federal Court atFrankfort against the Phoenix HotelCompany of Lexington, charged withreceiving quail from Chicago inpackages not plainly marked so as todisclose the nature or their contents,was submitted to JuGge Cochran Wednesday morning, but the Court gavecounsel for the defense time to produce authorities and the manner ofMarking the packages. It "vas testified for the defense that these packages were marked with a lead pencilin ordinary handwriting, showing exactly what was in them. Judge Cochran indicated that lie thought thiswas not sufficient marking to satisfythe law, but said he was open to conAiction on the subject. The chargeagainst the hotel of having in its possession game birds for sale wasdropped by the prosecution.FOR THE COOL NIGHTSNew line of Comrorts, Blanketsad Counterpanes. Save you money.J. T. HINTON.gMswC jfwSOCIAL MO PERSONALMr. B. A. Frank was in Cincinnati on business, Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. Swift ChamD snentTuesday and Wednesday in Cincin-natiMr. Clifton Arnsparger is visitinghis son, Mr. Will S. Arnsparger, inEaton, Ga.Mr. John Price is improving froma serious attack of inflammatoryrheumatism.Mrs. Thomas Helm Clay is in Cincinnati on a visit to her daughter,Mrs. Robert Hopkins.j Mr. Harry Collins, travelingto her home in this city after a visitto relatives in Louisville.Mrs. Fannie Hutson, qt Indianapolis, Ind., is here on a visit to hersister, Mrs. Ossian Edwards.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph E. Johnson,of Pittsburg, Pa., are guests of Mrs.Harmon Stitt, at the Hotel Windsor.Mrs. W. C. Ussery has heturnedto her home in Cincinnati after avisit to her sister, Mrs. Jos. M. Hall.Mr. T. J. Nortlicott and granddaughter, Miss Lelia Henry, of Mt.Sterling, are visiting relatives in thiscity.Mr. Harry Collins , travelingsalesman, is at home for a few days'visit with his parents, Mr. and Mrs.H. M. Collins.Mrs. Henrietta Berry left Monday for her home in Seattle, Washington, after a visit to her sister, Mrs.J. H. Fuhrman, on High street.Mr. Harry Rainey, a travelingsalesman of Jackson, Miss;, has returned home after a visit to his sitter,Mi. John DeJarnett, on Cypress street.-5Jiss Ida Lucas, of Richmond, Va.,is here for a visit with her mother,Mrs. J. W. Lucas, and sister, MissCeleste Lucas, at their home on Highstreet.Misses Marian and Elizabeth ClayAlexander and Miss Margaret Ferguson left Tuesday for Cincinnati, wherethey reenter Bartholemew School, inClifton.Mrs. Laura Estill Francis andMrs. Clay have returned home after astay of several weeks at the home ofMr. and Mrs. J. B. Walker, on Weststret, in Richmond.Mr. and Mrs. Withers 'Davis andlittle daughter, Anne Jouett, whohave been the guests of Mr. and Mrs.E. S. Jouett, in Louisville, returnedto their home in this city Wednesday.Mrs. John Graves and Mrs. J. J.Davidson leave this week to attendthe Conservation Exposition at Knoxvillo, Tenn., and from there will goto Norfolk, Va., for a visit of severalweeks to relatives.Jonas Weil, of Lexington, hasbought of William N. Scobee, of Mt.Sterling, thirty-seven head 'of fancyexport steers at $7.40 per hundred.The cattle are extra nice ones andwill average, about 1,400 pounds.Mr. Arthur Petree and littledaughter, of St. Joseph, Mo., havebeen the guests for several days ofthe former's sister, Dr. Martha Petreeand his mother, Mrs. Lucy Petree, onSixteenth street. Mr. Petree leavestoday accompanied by his mother fora proaracted visit in Nebraska.Mr. Otis Bacon visited his brother, Mr. J. W. Bacon, and his sister,Miss Clara Bacon, Tuesday. Mr.Bacon and son, Mr. Bentley Bacon,left Wednesday for their home inWichita Falls, Texas. Mrs. Bacon,who is at a Lexington hospital, haspartially recovered from a recent illness. Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, was in Cincinnati, Wednesday to attend the monthly board meeting of the AmericanChristian Missionary Society. Thiswas the last meeting before the annual report to the Toronto NationalConvention of the Disciples of Christ,which convenes Sept. 3 to continueto Oct. 7. .Eugene Moore, aged nine, hassufficiently recovered from an operotion for appendicitis at the MassieHospital to be removed to the homeof his parents, on Fifteenth street. 'by, of Paris, who will buy for the E.J. Bagby Tobacco Co., Cincinnati, atNepton and Ripley, the coming season, was a visitor in our city Sunday."The Woman's Society of theChristian church met Tuesday afternoon and an important business session was held.The large membership of the Society has been divided into twelvegroups, each group having a competent chairman whose duties will beto look after the business interestspf the society for the month to whichshe has been assigned.The first meeting of the -seasonof the Paris Literary Club was heldWednesday afternoon at the home ofthe Misses Williams, on Pleasantstreet. The exercises of the afternoon comprised the reports of thecommittees and the impressions ofthe State Federation, which were followed by a club tea. The officers ofthe club are Miss Lucy Blythe Simms,President; Mrs. Charlton Alexanderand Mrs. J. Walter Payne, Vice-Presidents;Miss Mary Griffith, Secretary;Miss Laura M. Lilleston, Treasurer;Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr., Auditor.The Progresive Culture Club resumed its weekly meetings Wednesday after the summer vacation. Themeeting was held in the club roomsin the Elks' Building, and was wellattended. There was no literary program, the initial session of the season being devoted to the hearing ofreports of the delegates who attendedthe State Federation. Vacation noteswere discussed, after which membersof the club enjoyed a tea. The officers of the club for the ensuing yearare Mrs. Amos Turney, President;Mrs. Jos. W. Davis and Mrs. DuncanBell, Vice-Presidents; Mrs. GeorgeStuart, Corresponding .Secretary; MrsRobert Meteer, Recording Secretary;Mrs. Roy Clendenin, Treasurer.Those from this city who attended the performance of "The PassingShow of 1912' nii?c1i marked theopening of the new Ben Ali Theatre,in Lexington, Wednesday night,were: Mr. and Mrs. Charlton Alexander, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon, Mr.Wallace Clark, Miss Mae Hall, MissRena Crosdale, Mis.s Mary Rassenfoss, Mr. and Mrs. Pearce Paton, Mrs.Percy Reed, Messrs. Jas. Engleman,Earl Curtis, Henry Curtis, ThomasReeves, R. B. Moss, William Taylor,Ray Galbraith, Louis Atlas, GeorgeKiser, Mr. and Mrs. F. P. Kiser, Mr.and Mrs. P. L. Jameson, Miss HazelCottingham, Mr. W. B. Tinsley, MissElizabeth Crutcher, Miss Clara Bacon,Mr. and Mrs. Edward Prichard, Mr.W. K. Ferguson, Mr. Louis T. Lilleston, Mr. Ed. Doyle, Mr, Bruce Miller,Mr. T. C. Linehan, Mr. and Mrs. William Giltner,Among those who attended theopening performance Tuesday nightwere Mr. and Mrs. Sidney G. Clay,Miss Alice Rogers Clay, Mr. and Mrs.Albert Hinton, Miss Mary Peed,Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champ, Judge andMrs. Denis Dundon.Dr. C. G. Daugherty, Miss Anna Daugherty, Prof. J.S. Johnson, C. P. Lancaster, WayneCottingham, Miss Mary FithianHutchcraft, Miss Mary Geisreiter, Mr.and Mrs. White Varden, Ireland Davis, Clarence Sprake, Miss OmaHughes, Mr. Bruce Miller and Mr.John Bower.Mr. John J. McClintock was a visitor in Cincinnati Wednesday.Miss Maria Cummis has" returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Cynthiana.Mr. J. E. Posner, of this city, wasa business visitor in Maysville Tuesday. Mrs. Russell Dyche, of London,is the guest of Mr. and Mrs. WalterMartin.Miss Florence Ifee has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Elizabeth Laughlin, in Mt. Sterling.Miss Hazel Overby has returnedfrom a month's stay at Makinac andother Michigan points.Mr. Alfred Peed, of Mayslick, hasbeen the guest for several days ofMr. and Mrs. Albert Hinton.Miss Loraine Butler has returnedhome after a trip to Niagara ' andether points of interest in the North.Mrs. Maria Lyons has returnedto her home in this city after a visitto Mrs. James George, in Carlisle.Maysville Independent: "Mr.Thomas Norris, of Paris, is relievingMr. Ed. Aldrich, or this city, for afew days as engineer on the L. & N."Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Fogg andmother, Mrs. Addie iTogg, who havemade their home in this city for several years, have moved to Lexingtonto reside.Mr. and Mrs. Durand Whipple andson. Emmett Dickson, who have beenthe guests of Hon. and Mrs. E. M.Dickson, left yesterday fpr theirhome in Little Rock, Ark.Mrs. Sidney G. Ciay went to Cincinnati Wednesday, accompanied byher daughter, Mih Alice RogersClay, who will enter Miss Kendrick'sschool in that city.Mr. R. K. Farris, rf Plainview,Texas, arrived last night for a visitto his son, Jailer Joe Farris, andother relatives in Bourbon. Mr. Farris has been absent from his nativeState about five years and this isihis first visit in that length oftime.Mr. Marvin Collins, of Chicago,formerly of this city, who is visitingrelatives in Lexington, was in Parisyesterday afternoon mixing withfriends. Mr. Collins is connected withthe Essanaj- Moving Picture Co., andis making rapid strides in his 'profession. In a short time he hopes toashume a prominent part in the "movies" and his many friends wish himmuch success. He will leave in afew days for Chicago to begin a winter engagement.BINZEL RESIGNS TO ACCEPTPOSITION IN 30WLING GREENMr. Philip E. Binzel, who for thepast several months has held a position in the jewelry store ofC.O.Hinton, resigned and will go to BowlingGreen to accept a position with R.L. Morris, jeweler of that city. During his stay here Mr. Binzel made alarge number of friends who will regret to see him leave this city.FIFTY-TWO FASHION WEEKSEvery week in the 52 is a fashionweek at our store. At all times youwill find the fashionable things thatwe have the fashionable thinsrs fori fall wear.(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.BADLY HURT WHENPONY OVERTURNS VEHICLEAs the result of an accident whichoccurred last night about 7:30 o'clockMrs. Perry Hutchcraft suffered a broken hip, besides other injuries thatwill confine her to her home for several weeks. Mrs. Hutchcraft wasdriving near the home of Mr. Chas.Ball, on the Maysville pike, when thepony took fright and overturned thevehicle. A number of people in theneighborhood went to Mrs. Hutchcraft's assistance and a physicianwas summoned. Later she was removed to her home in an automobilewhere her injuries were attended.She is getting along as well as couldbe expected.SPECIALI am offering some very specialprices on Wilton and Wilton Velvetrugs. Not many left.J. T. HINTON.Notice For Bids on Chemiv cal Fire Apparatus.Sealed bids will be received at thenext meeting of the City Council ofParis, Ky., Oct. 9th, 1913, for a combination chemical hose wagon of capacity to carry 1,200 feet of hose. Fullspecifications to be submitted with-bid. The privilege is reserved to reject any and all bids."J. T. HINTON, Mayor.J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.Paris, Ky., Sept, 25, 1913.SPECIALS AT BUTLER'S.Rich American cut glass.Haviland & Co.'s fine china."Faultless" line of rubber goods."Beulane," the latest New Yorkcraze in face cream."Zoz," for tired or tender feet.Tona Vita, to make you fresh andyoung.A full line of Blank Books, Tablets, etc.BUTLER'S(19-4t) Opp Court House.FLOWER STANDS.Solid Oak Mission Stands 35 centswhile they last.(26-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.Tobacco Insurance.23-4t ROXIE DAVIS.WANTEDWhite man to deliver bundles andmake himself generally useful aroundthe store.(It) THE FAIRClose your eyesand listento the great artists singing onthe Victor and you'd reallythink the singers themselveswere actually in the room.That's how perfect theVictor is; that's why it isacknowledged the greatest ofall musical instruments. Itenables you to enjoy thevoices and music of theworld's greatest artists in alltheir beauty.Come in and hear the greatartists on the Victor and VictorVictrola you'll be surprised at thewonderfully clear, natural tone.Victors $10 to $100. VictorVictrolas $75 to $250.AnySIPDaugwiy 1" Bros.' -r-0 'JWw raii ii in mil "jfc" """ mm i IlOneS w5vl iXT.' HINTONWood Mantels.?: &&&INew Fall GoodsNow Ready For YourInspection1After a three-weeks' search of the New York andEastern markets, we are in a position to show yon tfaelargest and best selected stock ever shown by us.See the beautiful new ideas inSilks, Dress Goods, Challies, Velvets, Corduroys, Dress Trimmings and Laces,Neckwear and many novel accesssories to make your Falloutfit complete.Ask to see our non-shrinkable flannels for waists,shirts, &c.We are agents for the following good liries HendersonCorsets, DeBevoise Brassieres, Wayne Knit Hosiery andEskay Kid Gbves.I W. Edf- j -rkflHHW.HWWVHV lwi . iii urn mi nn nrmTTTTnn - -r- zzz li 5s?ygggwJiisi neceiyeul IWe Are Nov Ready to Show YouThe Latest inGive us a Call and Look our Stock overBefore IGoing Elsewhere. Special Attention Given to Our Children's Department.n itkeo. Me w imams,itawa(EaaffE)QBaKl(SMBBHPJust ReceivedA J3iiNew Line ofComfort Blanket? CounterpanesPrice You DesireFine AssortmentAnd Best of AllYou Save Money-SAVES YOU MONEYUndertaking301Jlfll"tTucker.fi' T!TSie Shoe IVfari m.-Pa- - SI19' iIMilSUn!AmbulancenuhwiITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K NTUCKY SEPTEMBER 26. 1913.f.j-i(I1IIT1IJL. 6cIN EFFECTTreuixxs ArriveNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga.. Daily 5-tr2l0am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily j p;jjfarn29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .5 am7 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday . 7.38 am104037319.Rowland, Ry., Daily Except Sunday f.4U amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.22 amCincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Pily Except Sunday .' 10.20 amLexington, Kv.. Da'ly 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, 0. TJstfl ' 10.24 amor T.ovinfffTi "RV. . . .ilv "Rxnerjfc Sundav 12.00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.33 pm38 KnoxvilletTenn.. Daily 3.20 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.35 pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5 50 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6.06 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort. Daily Except Sunday 5.50 am2 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily r 6.18 pmCincinnati, 0., Daily .-i" 10:50 pmTrains IDe-partt tfoV TO34 Cincinnati. 0., Daily ." 5.28 am4 "Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29" Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7.50 an:10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.50 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily .9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily t . .10.20 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily - 10.29 am6 Maysville, K., Daily y 12.05 pm26 Cyntliiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 3.83 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.56 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.23 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 6.20 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pmjb dfc? G- tjyinyLtt-rPAJE&X-MttIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains .A.rriveNo.- FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except.Sunda 7.44 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm3 ' Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pmTrstlxis 3Depa,rt! -' N6., TO37 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday .7.44 an?1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am1 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunv 5.54 pmHere Is the HogLexington, Ky.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,Enclosed find photo of hog that wascured of cholera -with your BourbonHog Cholera Remedy. This hog wasalmost dead before using the medicineand then was entirely cured, exceptloss of ears, tail, etc. The hog isowned by Mr. Skiles Ewing, of Bawling Green, Ky. He will be glad togive you a testimonial, and we can getseveral more if you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for It,FOR SALE BY W. T. BROOKS.Are You a Woman?i! CarduiThe Woman's TonicJ! FOR SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTSF4go matter whether the'thermbmeterregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys of'your roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rata is no higher thanivhen slate or metal iz used. -We authorize our agente to refund the money'if our Hooting la not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.i Chicago, IllinoisSold by Millersburg.vCoaIirandI itnili ii m .f T ifLumbreCo.AVv-MH(ersburg,'K$5i . 'vvvN. TIME-TABLEMAY 4,1913BOURBON QUARTERLY COURT.CONSOLIDATED CAUSES.The Power Grocery Co.,PlaintiffsVs.C. E. EndicottandWilliamson-Martin &. Co.,Vs.C. E. Endicott, T - - DefendantsPursuant to f judgment and order ofsale entered in theabove styled causes,I will, onWednesday, October 1,1913,beginning at 10 o'clock a: m.', at thestore room on West Main and 20thstreets, expose to public sale the entirestock of goods, consisting ofDry Goods, Groceries andHardwareThe above sale will be made to satisfythe plaintiff's debt, interest and cost,amounting on day of sale to $359.75.TERMS Three months time, the purchaser to execute bond with approvedsurety, bearing 6 per cent, interest fromdate of sale, or the purchaser may paycasn.A. S. THOMPSON,12-19-26 Sheriff Bourbon County.Notice To Conractors.Bids will be received for the construction of the sewer system for theEastern portion of Paris accordingto plans of J. A. Stewart. Plans maybe seen at the offices of J. A. Stewart,1112 Traction Building, Cincinnati,O., or of the Mayor of Paris, Ky., orof the State Board of Health, atBowling Green. Bids to be made asa whole and for separate portionsfrom the outlet to Vine street, toEastern end of Stoner Avenue andfrom Stoner Avenue to Winchesterstreet. Bids to be in the hands ofthe City Clerk by Sept. 24, 1913. Theright is reserved to reject any or allbids or to accept any separate portion. J. T. HINTON, Mayor.Ring Denoted Physician.Previous to the sixteenth centuryevery physician in Eurone wore a rinron his finger as an indication .of hisprofession.CARLISLE MAY HAVE A' - - ' fWATER WORKS SYSTEMA waterworks system may be-in-stalledin Carlisle in the near future.At the next meeting of the City Council, it is said, an engineer will Tae directed tomake plans and f .specifica.tions. A 'large concrete reservoir is"poposed to hold tlie water supply.The sentiment of tn3 system is at fever heat owingto the near waterfamine that has pit ailed in that,city,for the. last f4ew months., Thegreat mcreasedn the, amount of taxable property in that city since thelast waterworks proposition was submitted gives reasonfor ''believing it'wilLbe .built. .. .Sheriff's Sals !HOWARD RECOGNIZED INTAX SUIT PROSECUTIONThe suit of the Commonwealth vs.the Burley TobacJ o Society, instituted in the County Court to recoverback taxes upon unlisted property ofthe plaintiff from the formation of thepool in 1909, which was called Thursday and passed until Friday morning,was continued until October 3.Upon the grounds that John T.Collins and S. K. Nichols, witnessesin the case, were absent the plaintiffentered a motion to have the casecontinued, which was granted byJudge Dundon.The suit is to recover taxes on approximately $350,000 worth of property and was mstitnted severalmonths ago by Mr. Howard.The morning session of the courtwas occupied with argument of thequestion of the right of John Howard,ex-revunue agent, to participate inthe prosecution of the case. Judee EC. O'Rear and Messrs. H. T. Duncanand Dwight Pendleton presented theposition of the defendant, and JudgeLewis Apperson and Mr Howard himself supported the contention that hisright to participate had not been abrogated through his resignation fromthe office of revenue agent. CountyAttorney George Batterton aiso appeared as associate counsel for theplaintiff.The question was brought up whenthe attorneys for the defense filed asupplemental answer reciting thatsince the filing of the statement andthe assignment of the case for trial,John Howard, who brought action inthe name of the Commonwealth, hadresigned as revenue agent for theState at large, and asking that thecourt require that another revenueagent or the sheriff, either of whomwould be qualified to prosecuate thecase, be substituted. To this theplaintiff demurred.In the argument Judge Appersonand Mr. Howard took the ground thatthe law required only that the agentinstitute the action; that it was heduty- of the couny attorney to prosecute the case; that the actual plaintiff was the State, and that resignation or deah of th e revenue agentdid not necessitate a change of pleadings or a substitution. Mr. Howardsaid that it was true he had resignedand was now a private citizen pracState, but that the statutes providedthat he should participate in the actions he had brought before resigning and secured his right to the feesin the event the case should bedecided for the Commonwealth. Hefurther held that his bond continuedbinding until the case should be disposed of.Basing their argument upon theeases and sections cited by the plaintiff, the counsel for the defendant argued that although the actual plaintiff, the Commonwealth could notspeak except through some authorized representative; that no one savea revenue agent or sheriff could institute an action for back taxes andeither the one or the other must direct such suits; that the duty andauhority of county attorney endedwith presenting the cause and that hecould not-settle such a suit, and whilethe action did not abate with the resignation of the agent filing it, yet itmust be prosecuted by an authorizedparty whose bond afforded protectionfor the defendant, aIt was held thathe bond of Mr.Howard could .cover only acts 'priorto the time of his resignation andcould not anticipate further obligations such as the defendant's courtcosts subsequent tb his retirement asa public official. Another point madewas that the defendant was entitledto have as opponent one bound bythe oath of a public official bearingthe responsibilities and obligations ofa public official, whereas Mr. Howardwas now only a private citizen, without the right to settle the case shoulda settlement be desirable; furthermorethat the county attorney could not appear for an ex-officldl. Mr. Howard'ssole interest in the case now, it wasargued, was hope of securing the feesamounting in this oase to $3,500.As to the matter of compensation,it was argued that the fees providedwere for services involved in causingomitted property to be assessed andnot for the formal act of filing statements, and that the agent who mightperform the work or prosecuting theaction would be entitled to the compensation should property be assessedMr. Pendleton declared that Mr. Howard had filed forty-five suits againstthe Burley Society in which he anticipated receiving fees amounting tonear two hundred thousand dollars,but that the service contemplated bythe law was yet to be performed. Thebond provided for the faithful performance of duty as a public official,and duties terminated immediatelywhen he ceased to be a public official.Judge Dundon sustained the demurrer to the supplemental answer,saying that the case should be heardon its merits with the State as plaintiff in the action, irrespective of theresignation of .Mr. Howard.Chinese largely use patent medicines. Ah auomatic electric cooker useslive steam for distributing the heatfrom the electrical unit to he foodreceptacies.State of Ohio, City of ToledoLucas CountyFrank. J. Cheney makes oath thathe is- senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business in theCity of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that said fifm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured by theuse of HALL'S CATARRH CURE.FRANK J. CHENEYSworn to before me and subscribedin mypresence, this 6th day of December; A. D., 1886.(Seal) A. W. GLEASON,Notary Public.Hall's Catarhh Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon thebloodand mucous, surfaces of the system." JiSerid for testimonials, free.Sold by all druggists, 75 c., Takfe Hall's Pamily Pills for constipation.((Sept)& 999999 ItHOHMfii THE PARIS GRAND!SATURDAY,SEPT.27s 7I THE BIG MUSICAL SUCCESSS 300 Nights New30--SINGINGmmmm mI HnmiG: in.COMPLETE NEW PROCUCTIOINSeats Now onSou! Kiss at Parisper Fill L0A1!0801 $1,000 t0 $100,000. W. KING & SON,125! Cheaoslde. Lexington, Kvftv miCANCER CURED ji gud'dULce ever case i un 2:i.i . Mdertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence. anv citizen of Paris.J DR. WM. R. SMITH, JParis, Ky.TAKES SEVEN YEARSTO GET NOVEL.An American, who is a litrary agentin London, recently applied for a ticket to the reading-room of the BritishMuseum, and, after relating the storyof his life, getting two "householders"to vouch for him and going throughother formalities, eventually receivedit, about a month having passed inthe meantime. Then, wishing to verify some point in a novel publishedseveral weeks ago, he went up to themuseum and asked for it, but foundhe could not wait until it could besupplied. This, he was informed,would be in seven years' time.It would have been much simplerhad he desired to discuss an educational work; in that case he wouldhave had to wait only seven oreight weks, while in the case of anewspaper from fifteen to sixteenmonths must elapse between the dateof publication and that at which itcan be consuled at the British Museum. It seems that the newspapers that are received there, and thismeans every one published in GreatBritain, are kept in storage for 12months and then bound, a process.which occupies three months or so,atter which anyone who has a reader's ticket can have access to them.The reason given by the museum'-folk for their rule regarding novels'is a good one, though the period foriwhich it is enforced seems a bit ex-.big readirfg-room of the museum is'intended forstudents and studentsguly, all sorts of folk, upon becoming'possessed! of readers', .tickets, proceedi'o apply' for the la'test' novels and tosettle down for a comfortable mornfrigs' or .afternoons'' .read: iTjo put an.end ,tp this the new .rule was framed,but when my friend a.s'ked, "Why sev11 l'years1" the , only, ireply tnat, themuseum officials couid vouchsafe wasIh'e .March' 'Hare's' historic ' ' aue'rV,'liTOy' Nbtf" j ' ' ' u ' V1'" '' ,JTHESOUL KISSYork City Company of 40 ArtistsAND DANCING- M P-k.irln IVrcror's.port, Orpha HcwesSale PricesiGrand, Satnrday Night, September 27Greater Cream Profits.SePtemb- 22 to 2S inclusiveisutter Jtat rnce is - - jjcSecure all the profit you can from your dairy, by sending yourcream to the Tri State Butter company, whose boast is an averageprice of 32 1-10 cents per pound for the entire year the highestaverage price of any creamery in the State.The Tri State is not an experiment, but Ja Responsible, Safeand Permanent Creamery with 5,000 shippers in three States anda capital stock of $75, 000, paying Spot Cash for every shiDment.It is easy to ship cream to the Tri State, as we use the sourcream, sjmply sending a can once or twice a week, dependingupon your facilities of keeping it coolFree cans for 30 clays' trial and sent prepaid upon request, or it there is any further information desired, write us at once.The Tri State Butter Co., Cincinnati, O.Capital Stock $75,000.Ship your cream any time, as we collect day and night fromall depots.The Best in the WorldThe Higgin All-MetalScreens,The Higgin All-MetalWeather Strip. nDistributors of the Walger NewcTVlodel AwningThe Best Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris Massie Hospital, A.J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others.Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.T. A. Hendricks,Sales AgentPhone 2585 Lexington, Ky.23-sept-tf I 'iM4MMfTfttttttttn.tiCHORUS--30 !1 A M.I lnc I l?ivn$1.50 to 25c j1999999999 909 9 $t&9e''ItmIY .!( WUM UOY Vi'' -nf;tycrrjp . x it' If); t,j ',t i?"rt,II J JU'" , " J"IE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY, 'SEPTEMBER 26, 1913.T"InFASHION WEEKTruck Replaced Thre TeamsWILL BE MOST REMARKABLE INHISTORY OF MERCHANDISINGIN THE QUEEN CITY.Go To Cincinnati'sFashion WeekSeptember 29 October 4Ablaze with purple and canary, sparklinglybeautiful with hundreds of individualdecorations, the retail district of Cincinnati will present a beauteous pictureduring FASHION WEEK. 'Then every retail merchant will displaythe newest, cleverest, most authoritativestyles in merchandise from every marketin the world.You Can See Everything At OnceNever has there been such a co-operativedisplay of everything that men, womenand children need.All you have to do is Look and see it All.Fix These Dates SEPT. 29 to OCT. 4Main Idea of Fashion Week Is Not ToSell Merchandise, But To Establishthe Fact That Cincinnati Is the RealFashion Center All Merchants AreCo-Operating To Make Success ofMovement.;FRESHMelons on Ice CantaloupesString BeansFresh Tomatoes Sweet PeasEvergreen CornPeaches Cucumbers SquashAll Fresh and NiceBoiled and Minced HamKeller Grocery Company. .is e"Jt-6Tr" 'the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by Retting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the inferiortnnkwagonNnls saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "NoCarb"Auto OiLV. 2s. Berkley Sirs. W. Is. BarkleyWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,Lexington, KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowCiiow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allhours with the best the market affords.(28mar6mo) 'Cincinnati. (Special.) What agrand thing it would be if everyonewithin the district of commercial Cincinnati could see the preparations being made to make Fashion Week inCincinnati the most remarkable weekin the history of retail merchandisingin the Queen City.During Fashion Week September29 -to October 4 will be displayed inthe stores of Cincinnati's progressiveretail merchants the very newest,smartest, most authoritative gems ofmerchandise gathered from the world'smarkets. Everything: 'that any oneever buys in a retail store will be displayed in windows fcrimmed most magnificently, for the window trimmersare competing for money prizes. Andthe merchants, you know", are evenmore zealous than the trimmers, forall are competing, one with another,in an effort to display the very smartest things in merchandise.The main idea of Fashion Week isnot to sell merchandise; the primal,basic idea is to establish beyond doubtthe fact that Cincinnati is the realfashion center in the district within aradius of 150 miles of Cincinnati.This is the first time in the historyof Queen City retail merchandisingthat the merchants have come together to make an exhibition of theirwares simultaneously. Heretoforej there have been individual openings,shopper merely the opportunity to seeone display. Now the visitor can see,during Fashion Week, every store exhibiting its choicest, newest merchandise, embellished wrth everything thatmakes beautiful the displays, all at thesame time.Fashion Week means that every retailer, whether he seils footwear,pianos, sporting goods, apparel of anykind in fact, whatever is retailed willbe displayed to the best advantageduring the week.There is an interesting story eori'nected with the selection of FashionWeek as the name to describe thisevent in merchandising. The merchants of Cincinnati debated longabout the name for the week, somefearing that the word "Fashion" mightbe misleading in that it would createthe idea that the week was to be onemerely for the exhibition of apparel.But this is not the case at all. Youcan see everything that any retailstore carries during Fashion Week.Every merchant, whatever he handles,has made every effort in his power tomake his displays most comprehensive, and during the week there willbe thousands of special bargains offered in scores of stores, and one canvisit Cincinnati during the week ofSeptember 29 to October 4, convincedthat a harvest of bargains is to be had.Don't forget the dates; see the Cincinnati papers for announcements ofthis week that means so much to yourprettiness and your purse.IIn eleven1 months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and One helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden was 37 17.20thnst carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per clay is a record worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical" to operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction..Note these striking KisselKar features Simple enp-Mie easy to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one diive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired withont racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibilitv easv control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful brafces special bodies designed to 'meet every need.JCiSselJCar Uruckj1 500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn the range of capacity, 1503 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service which -is themanufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction. 'KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.I he KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Trucks'irf actual use in your line and many otherlines of business.The PoSiowinsr Lanes erf Jbusiness'HaveJRecentlybought Kisstel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry, Bakery, Confectionery, Tee, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suittheneeds of'any business.II PhcPhone 2105.O. R. HUKLE,51 3 West Main Street,Lexington,!JWhat Is Your Aim?It is not enough to be industrious;so are the ants. What are you industrious about? Thoreau.0ee$9e99M9$$9t98e$o9a999ew'"M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.VERY LOW RATESTO THE WEST.Normaiim YOUTHTo Bicycle Owners:Is Your BicycleiSick?3,asy to Have, Naturalolored and BeautifulFirst-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto AH.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYour Patronage.So !a?ny "cmen have grey or faded,ir: neglert it until it becomes thin,c.y : nd lifelets. begins to fall out andakc. f'-em nppear much older thai?7 -eally are. If your hair is in..is i:criiui Jjet a bottle of Hay' air lialiu today. Don't wait unUTit- oso savs Vow much older you. .ok Y'su'U be delighted at tnewills from even one or two applica-up. Tho rsy hairs gradually djf,ji;.r. o, ,i vnr iuir will become fullif. t.'id vitality.' No one can tell. o t -r u?ng i It's not a dya". ; " oirot. Trrparn.ticn thatt -! . .. uftictivfly keops your greyi - x-u -v fff itunu coloredui,0 V j ,"i dr:-"vfs cunranteo sat-I' ! r r-r"'i your irmnav. Al- Iv. tk for liuv5j Hair Health. It lj- n, irrr, i-is Mr ami takf it to theJl ",n nt I" nnd " t? 00c. bnt-o '?- iioW and a 25c.- ' t'' '" 'or 50c: or $1.00' " 1AV mid twoioftERDORFER, Druggist.prii , K.y4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Are GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO RISKSIf You Are InterestedThe Missouri Pacific is offeringverv low rates to California, Idaho JNevada, Utah, Western Clorado, NewMexico, Western Texas, Arizona, Oregon and Washington. Tickets soldSeptember 25th to October 10th, inclusive. For complete informationregarding rates, through free chairand sleeping car service, address J.A. Steltemkamp, G. A. P. D., 204Traction Building, Cincinnati, O.The American colonists at DosMochis, Sinaloa, Mexico, have established a depot at Mazatian for thesale of alfalfa produced on theirfarms. This will put an end to importations from California, which inthe past have been of some importance, and will furnish the colonistsa long-needed local market for theiralfalfa crops.Unsightly Grey and Faded HailWhy not have beautiful, dark, glossy,natural colored hair, full of life andbeauty keep yourself young lookingand fascinating? Its so easy andsimple to do if you will get a bottle ofHay's Hair Health today. You'll noticea change attcr one or two applicationshow quickly the crev hairs vanishuow glossy, full of life and vitalityHay's Hair Health will keep your b'xir.Don't waste time, get a bottle today.Your druggist is selling more Hay'sHair Health than aU others, becausehe knows it's the most satisfactory,he lucent and cleanest to use andreally does lestore color to grey hair.Tiee: riiqn this adv. and take it to thefollowing diugglsts and get a 50c. botllfi or' H;v's Hair Health and a 25c.cuko or liariina Soap for 50c; or $1.00bonle of I lay's Hair Health and twojc. cakes ci iriarhn. Soap Free, for $1L. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.If-so, bring it to J. ELVOVE, and he willcure it at a very small cost and will guaranteehis work to give satisfaction or no pay Wehave engaged an expert mechanic to do thiswork. We carry a full line of all kinds ofRepairs and Supplies.Bicycles to suit your'pocketbook.J. ELVOVE,Paris, KentuckyOur Call Home Phone 360Minnesota's iron ranges are producing more than all the other Statescombined, last year's figures beingalmost 62.5 per cent, of the total output of the country.! IFHEADACHY, DIZZY,BILIOUS, "CASCARETS.'Write UsClean Your Liver and Waste-CloggedBowels Tonight! Feel BullyWhen you feelpvous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign yoa need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverkie Pills ;WILLIAMS MFG. CO.. Propa., Cleveland. Ohio IL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...9rsiL- .Mik - - Mm -UNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000Fully PaidGet a 10-cent box now.You're bilious! You have a throbbing sensation in your head, a badtaste in your mouth, your eyes burn,your skin is yellow, with dark ringsunder your eyes; your lips are parched. No wonder you feel ugly, meanand ill-tempered. Your system isfull of bile not properly passed off,and what you need is a cleaning upinside. Don't continue being a bilious nuisance to yourself and thosewho love you, and don't resort toharsh physics that irritate and injure. Remember that most disorders of the stomach, liver and bowelsare cured by morning with gentle,thorough Cascarets they work whileyou sleep. A ten-cent box from yourdruggist will keep your liver andbowels clean; stomach sweet, and yourhead clear for months. Children loveto take Cascarets, because they tastegood and never gripe or sicken.-Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.' Office 514 Main Street.Myl6dlN0ti66Mrs. Albert H. Morehead has returned from her vacation and is eadyto eceive pupils for the Piano. Forinformation apply toMOREHEAD MUSIC CO.,9-2t-pd 606 Main Street.HIHEALmLOST COW.Office PhonesResidence jE. T. 136.) Home 136.E. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. ti KELLER,Pkacticing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis. - - KentuckjJ J. WILLIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elk BmiliUe.Strayed or stolen from my place, atRuddles Mills, Monday night, Septemb 10, one muley Jersey cow. Liberal reward for her recovery or information leading thereto.DOCK SNAPP,12-3t Ruddles Mills, Ky.Stray Lambs.Estrayed from my placa on theNorth Middletown pike, two largeSouthdown lambs with brown paintffon hip. Call 391 or 468 Cun. phone.J. HAL WOODFORD.HAY'SMFAVORUERefined Women Give Thitthe PreferenceThe easiest way to keep your hairyouthful-looking, to prevent it frors.turning grey, is to use Hay's HaicHealth. It gives absolute satisfactionand a few applications will restore natural color, give vitality to grey andfaded hair and remove all traces oCDandruff. Beautiful natural colored,youthful-looking hair, more than any- fthing else, contributes to a womangood looks. , v -Hay's Hair Health is keeping tnonsands of women's hair glossy, naturalcolored and beautiful. You'll neverregretlbuying it wken you see the difference it makes in your appearamc.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to tkfollowing drugisti ud.get a 50c. Jottie of Hay- Hair jciealthaBd a 35c,cake of Harflna Soap, for 50c; or ?l.Qbottle of Hay's Hair Health and twi5c. cake of Harfina Soap Free, for IV,L. Inrdsrfir, Druffist, Paris, IvT.4"- ;:. - 1.-. - T - -W"'i i ti mIMiHHaHaaMHHBHiI, The Coffee with a pleasing? aroma.! Use CERTIFIED CHECK COPFEE VTs-iSiTEc: Kcoupons.ECtCSMtSf-" f 'rnmvm ! n i ipnMtaM-f1 IsJ.i Kl lir-:i ttrHIOF MILLEKSBUP.UMr. and Mrs. J. E. Johnson, of"Pittsburg, Pa., arrived Thursday asguests of Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Allen.llr. and Mrs. T. L. Marshall andmother, Mrs. Nannie Brown, were.visitors in Lexington, Wednesday.Miss Lucia Butler underwent aslight operation at ;lie St. JosephHospital, Lexington, Tuesday, for- f dnolds.Mrs. A. S. Venable left yesterdayior Lair to join her husband, who is,-eonducting a protracted meeting at.Jfiat place.Mrs. L. T. Vimont left Wednesdaylor her home in Newport, after spendiDg a month with her mother, Mrs.Ttussei Mitchell.Class No. 5 of the Christianchurch will give an oyster supper in-the near future. Class No. 1 will"hold a pie sale Saturday afternoon inthe park.Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Miller attended the performance of the "Passing'Passing Show of 1912", at the BenAH Theatre, in Lexington, Wednesday afternoon.The faculty recital of the M. F. C.will be held in the College chapelMonday evening at 8 o'clock. Allfriends and patrons of the institution.are requested to be present.There was a called meeting ofAmity Lodge No. 40, F. & A. M., Wednesday night to confer the apprenticedegree on Rev. Goldsmith, pastor ofthe Baptist church. The lodge hadasembled when the information camethat Rev. Goldsmith, who was out oftown, had been unavoidably detainedand could not reach home. After thebusiness session of the lodge, however, the attending members repairedto the dining room, where the firstoysters of the season wTere served andlater a smoker enjoyed, during whichtime short speeches were made byElder Cossaboom, W. V. Shaw, M. P.Collier and others. While the occasion was greatly enjoyed keen disappointment was expressed upon the-jinability of Rev. Goldsmith to be injattendance.FOR FUNERALSill5. Funeral designs' cut flowers, jrottentt- jpji short uotice. JO. S. VARDEN,'iFIoral Agent.. A new bean which grows prolificaly with little or no water has beendiscovered and is being investigatedby the Arizona Department of Agricultnre. viTMnwiMuuujum-11ss zzzzzm ssssiOffer You Now the GREATEST OPPORTUNITY of the Season For PurchaseofYour Footwear Supply For the Family.The season for us is fast drawing to a close. We must clean out the few pairsMen's Women's and Children's Shoes to make room for the enormous shipments ofthe factory of FALL GOODS.MEN, WOMEN and CHILDREN.A... 'jtBIBLE CLASS UNDER PROF-HENDRICKS HAS GOOD STARTThe Men's Bible Class of theChristian church had a splendid beginning last Sunday under the instruction of "Prof. T. A. Hendricks. Theclass is exceedingly fortunate in securing the services of such an ableand practical teacher for an instructor. Those who failed to take advantage of the opportunity to get a practical lesson from the study of Mosesand Aaron as leaders of the peoplewere the losers by so doing.One of the strong points broughtout in the study of the lesson was thedifference between "A leader whoreally leads the people" and "A leaderwho waits to see which way the people are going and then jumps in thefront ranks."It is hoped that many more of themen of the community will give encouragement to the work by comingout Sunday morning at 9:30 and enlisting in the cause.A special appeal is made to the officers of the church to lend the influence of their presence.PICKLING TIME.Let us fill your order for picklingvinegar and spiqes.(19-3t) T. C. LENIHAN.FINED FIFTY DOLLARSFOR DRAWING REVOLVERCarl Henson, of Millersburg, wasbefore Judge Dundon yesterday on acharge of pointing a deadly weapon atanother in a threatening manner. Itis alleged that Henson drew a revolver upon a Mr. Sanders, also of Millersburg. He was fined 50 and giventwenty-five days in jail.OFFER OF $10,000 FOR PETERBILLIKEN TURNED DOWNA dispatch from Washington C. H.,Ohio, Tuesday, says:"Warren A. Bacon, a local horseman, formerly of Paris, Ky., owner ofPeter Billiken (2: 10 y), winner oftwo Grand Circuit races at Detroitthe past week, has refused an offerof $10,000 from the Russian Government for the chestnut son of Peterthe Great. (2:07&). Mr. Bacon saidhe had no idea of parting with theGrand Circuit winner. Peter Billikenwas trained on the Washington C. H.track this spring. He has won anumber of purses in Canada andMaine events and is entered in othersstill later in the season."Peter Billiken has made a remarkable record this season on the GrandCircuit and it is estimated he haswon more than $10,000 in purses forhis owner since the trotting seasonbegan.mwrDo Not MissobsessedluOur Final Reductions on AllSUM MERFOOTWEAROur matchless organization, our unequalled purchasing powers, brings you thegreatest bargain opportunity.Sole Agents for FamouswBEACON SHOESTHEBEST3srjl."ROMANCE OF BILLY GOAT HILL"Mrs. Alice Hagen Rice has won another triumph in the unqualified approval on the dramatized version ofher latest novel. "Romance ofBilly Goat Hill." Its first performance in Lexington was at the newBen Ali Theatre last night.The plot, as in "Mrs. Wiggs," islaid in Louisville, although the sections of Louisville, in which thesescenes are laid chance to be on theother eide of town. The play continues in its high level "the humor thatmade "Mrs. Wiggs" so delightful toread.At its opening performance in Louisville Monday night Mrs. Rice hadto bow her acknowledgment to thecheering assembly and later Miss MayBuckley, the gifted little actress, whoplays the leading role, was compelledby the insistent applause to give vocal expression to the satisfaction ofboth author and company.The scenic presentation is mostpleasing. The ouening act disclosesa squalid version of the famous Hillmow traversed b the East Walnutcar line, with the tumbled downshacks, a saloon, and a saloon keeper's house. Posters on the fence announce , the Kentucky Derby at theChurchill Downs, and a sign boardpoints the way to Louisville, for thestory is related of a time when thecity had not crept eastward over thebotom and up the slope. In the distance can be seen the heights alongthe river and Thornwood, the colonialhome of Col. Bob Carsey and hischarming little dauynter, Miss Lady,which is so admirably taken by MissMay Buckley.The char,m of her work was unfailing in its portrayal of the character,l natural, delicate ant appealing, withgrace and beauty she moved sweetlythrough the play, winning the heartsof all."A Romance of Billy Goat Hill" hasbeen dramatized by George E. Parker, and it scored an immediate success in its stage form. It will be theoffering at the new Ben Ali Theatretoday and tomorrow with a mafineetomorrow, featuring Miss Mae Buckley in the leading role, together witha company of well balanced talentwith which no flaws can be found intheir presentation of the delightfuland absorbing story.YOU WILL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction by traing at(18-tf) FELD'S.China boasts the world's longestbridge, extending five and a quartermiles over an arm of the Yellow Seaand being supported by 300 stonearcnes. .the Opportunitymmmsssms3m)tmaKmammmmsmmk iANDFOR MONEY.COHE,-r aSIFPerry Browning, of Clark, hasbought twenty heifers weighing 450to 500 pounds each from John D.Reese at 5 cents a pound, to be delivered November 1.Cynthiana Court. One of thelargest crowds ever known attendedcounty court in Cynthiana Monday.There were between 300 and 400 mulecolts on the market, the prices beinglower than on last court day and thequality not so good. The prices were$40 to $90. Vic Ross bought two ofthe best ever on the market from Mr.Wright, at Robinson, at $175. Healso bought thirteen 800-lb yearlingsteers from George Maybrier at $6.60a hundred. Mr. Ross purchased fromMcMillan & Plummer, of Paris, fifty1,300-lb steers at $.7.30, to be deliveredthis week. H. N. Garnett sold 18head of steer calves to Dave Marsh at$28 a head. Mr. Garnett reports allcattle high. Five hundred head ofcattle on the market; 850-lb cattlesold at $6.75 and $6.85; 600-lb cattlesold at $6.25 v per hundred; springcalves brought from $22 to $25, owingto quality; ,milch cows, from $50 to$75. A few good horses on the market sold from $125 to $150. Theusual number of common horses, from$50 to $75. There were about 200head of sheep that brought from$4.25 to $5 per head, owing to quality.SEED WHEAT, RYE ANDTIMOTHY.Ohio Eullz Seed Wheat,Northern Seed Rye, fancyquality Timothy Seed.We have large stocks ofthe above at market prices.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.FORMER MINISTER TO PERUTO RETURN HOME HEREHon. H. C. Howard, former Minister to Peijjk accompanied by Mrs.Howard, have returned ti the UnitedStates, Mr. Howard being relieved ofhis post in Lima by ex-Gov. McMillanof Tennessee, who received the appointment under the administrationof President Wilson. Mrs. Howardarrived in Paris Wednesday night,while Mr. Howard was compelled tomake a trip to Washington to makehis final report to the State Department. He will return to Paris aboutthe middle of next week. Mr. andMrs. Howard left Peru on September2, stopping over in Panama for a fewdays before they embarked for NewOrleans.iA .3srOCXANDHMNOfHZ9 9xs m 9JLISit iiui.3,'u'l; ljoi BIREVOLVER STOLENFROMAUTOMOBILE IS RECOVEDER.About ten days ago a 32-caliber revolver was taken from the automobileof Mr. Sidney G. Clay, which, hadbeen left in front of the Bourbongarage. The theft of the revolverwas reported to Patrolman FredLink, who located a youth living onWest Second street, who "had. the revolver in his possession. It was returned to Mr. Clay, who declined toprosecute the boy on account of hisage, and instead his father administered a good whipping.CUT FLOWERSCut Flowers and Funeral Designs.Phone me your order.JO. S. VARDEN,Floral Agent.The Savannah, Ga., police department now operates a complete machine repair shop in caring for apparatus. Sweet Clover.Seed for fall sowing, white and yellow cultivated biennial varieties, atfarmers' prices. Circular how togrow it. "Free."JOHN A. SHEEHAN,It. F. D. No. 4, Falmouth, Ky.(26-3t)FOR SALEOne team horses, 7-year-old, sound,will work any place. Apply toJ. T. MATTOX,(16-3t) at C. P. Cook's.$fegasaW. H. ThompsonThe Leather Goods Store,Ars invitation is extended to you tovisit this Store duringCCFall Fashion Week"September 39th to October 4th, wherethere will be on displayLadies' Shopping Bags,Traveling Bags ,Suit Cases,Fine Leather Goods,Parisian Ivory.W. H. Thompson,1 39 WestNMaira St.,Lexington, Kentucky9AS99 &Q9999e9SS9tO$SCThe Man FromI Atchison"There was a man from Atchison,Whose trousers had rough patchison;Me found them great, he'd often state,To strike his parlor matcheson."No Doubt This Man's TrousersRequired Patches on, BecauseHe Used Them to StrikeMatchesonIThe Electric Light is the Matchless Light.We Are Wiring Lots of Houses RightMow, and Would Like to AddYour Name to Our List ofSatisfied CustomersCall s Phone WriteParis Gas &9INCORPORATEDni,.t&Notice to Stockholders,There will be a meeting of tkastockholders of the Bourbon CountfAgricultural Society held at the colrrthouse Saturday afternoon, September27, at 2 o'clock for the purposeelecting a board of directors for ti&ensuing years. A full attendance Ikthe stockholders of the society is roquested. (22-2t) JOS. M. HALL, President.Administrator's SoleOFLAN D!As Administrator oi James Dent,I will sell, on the premises, on teRuddels Mills pike, two miles frsiParis, onMonday, October 11, 1913,At 10 o'clock, a. m., the following:About twenty acres of land, including orchard of twelve acres; goodframe dwelling; cistern; stable aadall necesstary outbuildings.TERMS Made known, on day o2J. L. DENTON,Administrator,Either phone 140. Paris, Ky.(26-td)faewiMH s999m999999m99999 & w5$!9i999Electric Co.mma . aflssiHs'Ui 'Mlfr. Jit