v ' Vp-XtA VTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARs- vVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 28. 1913ifft.DEATHS.SEATON.Mrs. Maggie R. Se aton. of thiscounty, aged 52 years, died Wenesdaymorning at about 5 'o'clock at theGood Samaritan Hospital m Lexington, where she has been under treatment for'about two weeks.Mrs. Seaton had been ill for aboutsix weeks and was taken jto the Lexington institution for treatment. Anoperation was considered necessary,an.d was performed last Saturday. The'patient rallied and was though t to bedo'ng nicely until'she suffered a re-ilaDse Tuesday nicht. IShe is survived'by her. husband, Mr.John Seaton. and two daughters. MrsElizabeth H. Collir.F, nad Miss Marylona beacon, resmu'.g ijeav Jackson-jviJle. Ibe remains were brought tothis city Wcdnefday and taken to theundertaking establishment of Mr.George W. Davis. The burial tookplace yesterday afternoon at 3:30o'clock in the Jacksonville cemetery.Driving Horses to bo Sold TomorrowAt the public ale to be held by L.T. LilUston tomorrow afternoon, twogood family horses and a good broodmare will be Fold. Also two goodrubber tired runabouts, harness, etc.See advertisement elsewhere.BIRTHS.Born, Monday nightof Mr. John L. Soper,tosecond born, second daughter.the wifedaughter,RELIGIOUS.Tornado Insurance.Thomas & Wooeford.Rugs! Rugs!Beautiful Brussel rugs, 9 by 12, Sll ;also Art Square Rugs, 9 by 12. $4.50.during our remodeling sale, which besan Monday, February 24.tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.St. Peter's Episcopal church. RevGeorge H. Harris rcetor. Sundayschool 9 :30 a. m. Morning prayer andsremon 10:45 a. m. A cordial invitation is extendedthe public to attendthese services."The Breaking of an Unholy Marriage," will be the subject of J.Rev. E.M. Lightfoot tor trie morning discourse s at the baptist church. Atnight Uev. Lightfoot will take as htssubject "The Foes ot Darkness."The Sunday school of fthe Baptistchurch of which Mr, C. 0. Hinton issuoerintendent, reported at the meeting Sunday that a sum oiL$500hau beenraised durinc the first three monthsof the year which will be used in canceling the church debt. At the service Sunday the three new deacons,Messrs. D. S. Henry, and J. B. Burnett and C. 0. Hinton. recently elected, were inducted into office.Cows to be Sold Tomorrow.Attendee sale to be held by L. T.Lilleston onJSouth Main street tomorrow afternoon. Two good cows, threehead of 1 driving horses and a Shetland pony will be sold. See advertisement elsewhere.Early Spring Buying.Early spring buyers are havingmany things set aside during our remodeling sale. We will deliver whenyou are ready.tf A. F.'WHEELER&CO.F Just a Few of OurM1 Many Bargains inGroceries,W Call or Phone Us and See What( we can save you.fw "" Itki? tf-fiA 1 ..-&.Granulated Stssrar(With a S3.00 Purchase)fw Standard Corn, per can 5cinJk New Orleans Molasses, per.gal 50cVi 3 boxes Matches, for 10cPork and Beans, regular 10c size... 7cFancy Northern Potatoes, per peck 20cThe time for making Garden is near, and beforebuying your Seed Potatoes and Onion Sets, see ourWwtittI stock We also have D. M. Ferry's package seeds.kT. C. LEINIHAN.Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234tofWYwJri Spring Hats iiiSl.ggUSSn AH the Latest Stylesand ShapesNew Lineof ShirtsThe Celebrated Fountain Shirt, sSB3stp. $mMen's rNIgnt blurts 50c, 75c, 1$1.00The Price Shirt $1.50Pajamas $1 and $1 .SOprice, & 60. 6iotniersand Furnishersmmmmmmmimm&mliWirmjmmimvS$S&lismMmmssmiilOii MARK IS REACHEDBourbon Streams Swolen By Deluge Overflow Lowlands Entailing "Inestimable Losses.RAIN FALLS FOR 36 HOURS.L. & N. Suffers Much DamageAlong Lines From WashoutsTraffic Delayed.r"WE KNOW HOW"HiUnprecedented rains which continued almost unceasingly tor a periodof thirty-six hours, had the effect ofraising the streams of this section tothe highest point in many years, doinguntold damage to property in the lowlands of both the city and county.Rain which bpjzar. falling 'early Tuesday continued at intervals throughoutthe day and night and Wednesday thedeluge which at times resembled cloudburets, put the streams of the countyout of the;r banks.Stoner and Houston Creeks, runningthrougn this city assumed the higheststage since 1884, overflowing the lowlands in this citv and doing untolddamage to fencing and live stock inthe countv. Land along the streamsis badly washed, and all loose mattergathered up bv the fluod was washedaway. Small branches forming tributaries to the larger streams of thecounty were transformed into ragingtorrents sweeping everything beforethem.IniParis repidents orjthe flower sections of the city Buffered considerablyfrom the rushing waters. In the colored suburb of Ruckerville the cellarsof many houses were inundated andthe water reaching" the highest point'in many years compelled many to seekshelter with neighbors located in ahigher point in the village.Wednesday Jafternoon about fouro'clock the appearance of an Lextremely daik cloud caused considerable excitement for the fear of a cloudburst.A heavy deluge which lasted forthirty minutes followed. Lightningwhich accompanied the storm struckin several places in the county, butno eeriousdamage is reported.Water was running two ffet deep inthe first story of the Paris Millinc Co.All hands at this establishment wereemployed early tin the day removingflour and grain out of reach of theflood. On the Winchester pike nearthis city, a branch running aiross theroad, flooded the pike for some distance to a depth of three or four feetrendering it impossible to travel.The rushing waters of Houston andStoner creeks carried away a vastamount of fodder, fencing and loosetimber. A peculiar sight wae witnessed by a number when a largepiece of timber floating with the swiftcurrent carried upon it down thestream two hogs that had been sweptfrom the banks by the swift currentsand later to death in the ragingstreams.Reports from all sections of thecounty indicate that the damagewrought by the flood will be the heaviest sustained in many years. At Millerbsurg Hinkston reached the highest point since the memorable floodcf 1884. All of the lowlands surrounding the town were inundatedand roads rendered impassable.Water ;at the lower end of Mainstreet at that place was runningthrough the bridge. Across the pikesome distance the water stood to adepth of three or four feet renderingtravel impossible.Early Wednesday morning tho blacksmith shop of J. C. tfightmaster wasabandoned and in a short time afterward water rushed through the building. The flour mill of M. C. GrimeswaB entirely surrounded. All grainwas moved from smaller into the largebuilding to save it from the water.The building could foot be approachedafter ten o'clock Wednesday. Twentyinches of !water stood in the residence of Bruce McMahan, and several inches in the home of Roger Feeback, colored. The sidewalks on Mainstreet to the home of Sam Ross, colored, was inundated.The bridge over Brushy Fork, nearMillerbsurg, and the Steele's -Fordbridge were impassable owing to thewater rushing across the floors in swiftcurrents. Both structures are massive and withstood the strain of thelushing torrents, although dmaagedto some extent by drift wood whichstruck them with great force. At 9o'clock yesterday morning the watersof Hinkston began to recede slowlycontinuing to fall throughoutthe day.jrhe high waters tand continuousrains has a disastrous effect upon railroad traffic and the Louisville andNashville railroad suffered to a considerable extent from landslides andwashouts. From Tuesday night untilWednesday morning 'all trains werelaid 'out about ;twelve hours due r tolandslides on the Northend of the division. Freight traffic was practically suspended until Wednesday afternoon and passenger trains runningwere behind their schedule. TrainNo. 31 due here Tuesday night at10:30 o'clock did not arrive untilWednesday morning about 9 o'clock.Telegraphic and telephone communications over the railroad line wereseriously interfered with.Slides and washouts occurred in several places between this city andCovington. A number were reportedbetween Menzie and Butler, where thesingle track is in use. Earth to agreat depth was piled uponlthe trackin several places which required several hours to remove and beforetraffic could be resuemd.A report received in the local railcontinued, on Page 4)s'9Even WE Admitthat there are more importantthings in the world than havingthe right clothes. We realize that,as the poet says, "A man's a manfor a' that."But, unfortunately, people WILL judge afellow by the way he looks, and even moreunfortunately, lots of fellows don't look aswell-dressed as they might. It isn't becausethey don't want to, or because they don'ttry, it's because they don't know how orwhere to get garments that will bring outthe best of them and hide the worst ofthem.We don't say that we CAN, because itwouldn't be modest, but we're morally surethat we MIGHT show you a suit that wouldcause the first friend you met to congratulate you on your improved appearance.COME and SEE. rMitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MienParis, Kentucky;m$.LiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiii-iffiiiLaiiiiJiiniiiiiuinjinniiiiiiiiiiiniiiniiiiinriiiiiiininniiiiiiiiiiiinij'iiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiniiiii& 1l)i 3FRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.i -iAnnounce ',Splendid Showing -OftNewest Spring StylesIn ' !Ladies' and Misses'Suits, Dresses and WrapsWash Dresses for Ladies' Misses'and ChildrenA Complete Stock of Dress Goods, Wash -Goods, SilksLinens, Ratines and Furnishings of All Kinds2sk Come in and Take a Look Around YouAre Always Welcome -FRANK c CaiiMiirtiniinRiinniiiiBfam emtotomwmmmwmwmw msflff9dsn3 jLii zr. n-gi92!H"imrntzzi i m iaWW iii mi iiiiii iniri mi trim iitmm mi m"-iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 28 1913tt.1:11!III,Mifz,itkii'i!r jirRHmiai.h:1 M41ftI 1 I53 I1 l-& II L6 fm IBs. tWe just want to say that our newSpring Shoes Are Here.We are showing the smartest styles in Patents, DullLeathers and Cloth Shoes. Your Easter Costumewill not be complete without a pair. Come in andbe fitted with a pai- of the season's latest.IGEO. McWILLlAMS,LPhones 301Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. - West 5 Street0(.assfafafafafafaBourbona Paris Kentucky.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAX137; NIGHT 399.Hill il win Bros!Try OurCountry ClubLayer CakesChocolate Caramel,White andRibbpnk 5c, Two for 25c'Also Hu big'sfamous Pies,15c.v.4Baldwin Bros.tflUrnm:nMWinfflilSpringIThe Shoe IVIanJfafaWe Take Pleasure.iter ci;r-- - arcJMtf -v jm romg up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundrv line. That is whavmade ihe Bourbon Laundrt ,ffamous fo fine work and itdfivfir P-nes bBnlr on its rfinii- Mrtation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeLaundry,fafafaWANTEDSalesmen to look after our interestsin Bourbun and adjacent counties.Salary or commission. Address TheHarvey Oil Co., Cleveland, O.M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.First-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto AILHot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYour Patronage.Trees Trees TreesFruit ' and Ornamentals, Strawberries, Shrubs, Hedging, Grapes, Asparagus, Rheubarb, Roses, Peonies,Phiox, etc...- Bverything for Orchard, Lawn andGarden. No Agents. ,! HE BOURBON NEWSlMalariaandMosquitoes.PARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postofflce at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and PridayOne Year 2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per line'each issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.Tbe right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space a newspaper's stock intrsd itr source of revenue.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR STATE SENATOR.' Hon. J. Will '.Clay announces as acandidate for State Senator for this,the Twenty-Eifeht Senatorial District,composed of Bourbon, Clark ancLMontgomery. Subject to the Democraticprimary August 2.FOR POLICE CHIEF.We are authorized to announce J. C.Elgin, Sr., as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Chief ofPolice of the city of Paris, subject tothe Democratic primrry, August 2,1913.We are authorized to announce W. F.Link as a candidate for Democraticnomination for Chief of Police of thecity of Pari3, subject to the Democratic primary August 2.We are authorized to announce BenBishop as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Chief of Policeof the city of Paris, subject to theDemocratic primary August 2.We are authorized to announce Geo.M. Hill as a candidate for the nomination for the office of Chief of Police ofthe City of Paris, subject to the actionof the Democratic primary, August 2,1913.We are'authorized to announce Geo.W. Judy as a candidate for the nomination of the office of Chief of Policeof the city ot Paris, subject to theaction of the Democratic nrimary,August, 1913. 'FOR JAILER.We are authorized to announce Joseph Farris as a candidate for thenomination of Jailer of Bourboncounty, subject to the action of theDemocratic primary August 2, 1913.FOR COUNTY CLERK.We are authorized to announce J.Walter Payne as a candidate for thenomination for the office of CountyClerk of Bourbon county, subject totne action ot tne Democratic primaryAugust 2, 1913.We are authorized to announce Mr.Pearce Paton as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Clerk ofBourbon county, subject to the actionof the Democratic primary August 2,1913.FOR COMMONWEALTHS' ATTORNEY. Victor A. Bradley announces as acandidate for Commonwealth's Attorney for this, the 14th Judicial District,composed of the counties of Scott,Franklin, Bourbon and Woodford, tofill out the unexpired term caused bythe resignation of Robert B. Franklin,subject to the action of the Democraticprimary, August 2.FOR POLICE JUDGE.We are authorized to announce R. S.Porter as a candidate for the nomination for the office of Police Judge ofParis, subject to action of rthe Demo-'cratic primary August 2, 1913.We are authorized to announce Lafayette Grinnan as a candidate forthe nomination for !the office of Police Judge of the city of Paris, subject to tbe action of the Democraticprimary August 2, 1913.We are authorized to announce E. B.January, as a candidate for the nomination for the office of Police Judgeof the city of Paris, subject to theaction of the Democratic primary August 2. 1913.We are authorized to announce Thos.J. Hollidby as a candidate for the nomination for the office of Police Judgeof the city ot Paris, subject to the action of the Democratic primary, August 2, 1913.Homes of the Banana.It is claimed that the best and thesweetest bananas come from the Canary Islands; next in order are thoseof the red variety which are found onthe west coast of Africa and the yellow bananas of the West Indies andSouth America. Other varieties arefrom the Congo, Borneo, Ceylon andthat vicinity.Nature Covers Bleak Spots.The planting of the barren moundsof 'disused coalpits in. the "BlackCountry' between Birmingham andWolverhampton, England, is beginningto show successful results. The growththis year of the trees planted on thecoal mounds has been very- rapid, withthe result that many public bodiesare taking an interest in the experiments. -The first malaria congress to be heldin the UnitedJStates. which will openApril 10 at St. Louis, might as fittingly be called an anti-malaria congress.Ways and means to fight malariawill be discussed, but this discussionwill necessarily tak3 the form of devising ways and means of getting ridof mosqutioes. Malaria is but an accompaniment of the mosquito plague,as the world now "knows. Were thereno mosquitoes to carry the germs if adisease that has caused so much human suffering, there would be no malaria. Experience has proved that to planand carry out an effective campaignagainst mosquitoes is a very large order. Crusades of this character havesometimes been attempted in differentlocalities in this country, but theirsuccess has been militated against bythe fact that the fighting has been localjand sporadic. A national campaignhas been frequently suggested, butnever attempted.Americans can never think of Cubaor the Panama Zone without beingmade to realize what determinationcan do in getting rid of the mosquitopest. To say that what has been doneand so well 'done in those semi-tropicalcountries can not be accomplished inevery part of the United States, wheremalaria and other diseases that themosquito spreads exist, is cowardly inthe extreme. The corning conferenceat St. Louis may not accomplish agreat deal in a direct way. but if it results in stirring up the people as tothe importance this question it willdo incalculable good.What State PapersAre Saying Anentthe Senatorial Race tThe Stanford Interior Journal says:"J. K. Baughman, the well knownWest End farmer, has just returnedfrom a trip to Bairen and Metcalfecounties where he went Uto purchase aPercheron horse. He asys that hetalked to a number of Democrats ofthese two counties and they told himthat the sentiment among the Democratic voters there is overwhelminglyin favor of Gov. Beckham for UnitedStates Senator in the August primary.Both counties are in the Third Congressional District."Luke McLuke Says.I have never had the experience, butI imagine a husband must swell upwith pleasure when he sees hiswifelavishing her affection on a pugfcdog.A man will sing "Don't Take MeHome" when he is joy riding with abunch of stewed chickeni, but whenhe is broke and has a headache histune changes to "There's No PlaceLike Home."We should be thankful that we aienot getting what is coming to us.When a girl has a bust like a Juno itwill take more than an act of Legislature to make her wear high neckeddresses.A man hates to wear a dirty shirtbecause you can see it. And a girlinsists upon having clean underwearbecause you can't see it.It is all right to be bashful, butsome girls won't sleep in the sameroom with a rubber plant.The men have their faults. But younever heard of a man no matterhow baldheaded he was, who tried toborow another man's hair so he couldgo to the theatre.Eve had a snap. She never had toput on an apron over her garb whenthe ice man called in ithe morning.Men take a lot of stock in Dun'sand Bradstreet's when they want toget another man's ratine. But a woman watches her neighbors' clotheslines. Sacrifice for Art's Sake."You say you have devoted your lifeto art," said the' man who tries to bepolite, even when surprised. "Yes,"replied Mr. Cumrox. "I have devotedmyself to an effort to become richenough to own a gallery of genuineold masters." Washington Star.?. &6D-Vare under double strainstrength to live and learn andstrength to grow they musthave nourishment not overloaded stomachs, but concentrated nutriment to aidnature during the growingperiod.The wonderful record ofScott's Emulsion as a bodybuilder has been proved forthree generations. It strengthensthe bones, muscles and sinews;builds the body, creates energyand vigor; prevents and relievescolds and fortifies the lungs.Millions of delicate and undeveloped children have beenmade strong, sturdy and heartywith Scott's EmulsionInsist, on having SCOTTS.Scott & Bowne. Bloomfield. N. J. 12-68ADDRESED TO WOMENIS TOURS A&Hot flashes, dizziness, fainting spells, bacKacne, headache,bearing-down pains, nervousness all are symptoms of irregularityand female disturbances jand aro not beyond relief.Favorite Prescriptionis that of a famous physician unusualiy experiencedin the treating of women's peculiar ailments. Forforty years it ha3 been recommended to sufTerirgwomankind. Tnonsands of women can 1 ear w itncsto its beneficial qualities. Perhaps its aid is all thatis required to restore to you psrfcct health and strncth.Now is tho timo to act, write Dr. R. V. Tierce's, DnlLJo.Pierce'sS,A'2 NOW CU3EDMis. Domivjr Hmcsp.3. of San .Krarcisco; Cilif ..yntei :"I tal'e plcaauro 1:1 jvc .nnioadinz yocr wonderful r-mecies andwish to eay in behalf of your 'Favorite Prescription' and 'GoldenMedical Dicorerv' that through their use I am now cured of thavarious troubles thit a wmin is heir to. Thesa remedies curedrr." when others failed aid 1 tnereio.-a resolve to ta;e no other.I thank jou for your navies."YUR32tUQKST CAN SUPPSjIT TOZJXN ZLIi3U22 OK TASiST WOTLTblSS3!SSS2b:2Sb3D Need ifBusinessrif mwi wmiFOR SALE BYDodsoD & Denton(&rgC3SlQS2XQfc2&ASK THEwho has one, what wonders thehim. He will reply:1.2.3.Sells My ProductsGets Best PricesBrings Supplies7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.HP 1Twin BCorner SeventhMake YourselfOur StylishLADIES', MISSES'S AND CHILDREN'SSPRING MILLINERYLadies' and Misses' Suits, Dresses,Skirts, Waists, Oxfords.See Our Great Display of Novelties in Silks, Dress Goods,Drygoods, Laces, Etc.Buster Brown HosieryPictoral PatternsTWIN BROS.' DEPARTMENT STORE.Instead of Wood Shingles orSlafejyyc . rin j - -. i7 E7Jlikegreatbeside they sue inexpensive andI 3 -jLsSFor Sale by .5T"Best & Hawkins, Millersburg Ky.799W(Mrs. Rodgersin YourFARMERCumberland Telephone worksfor4. Protects the Home- 5. Helps the Housewife6. Increases ProfitsI fife 15 svlJj3jJfc)22SS&(!1. Depanmeni sioieand Main Sts.Look Pretty inW. B. CorsetsCOUTRIGHTMetal ShindiesThe roofing that lasts as long astL k..:u: j ime uuuumg ana never needsrepairs.They won't burn, crack, curl or rotwood shingles, nor have thev theweiaht or brittlenesa nl rnn lrflook better than either.0Bfcf1f .'J.UJ IAJJ , A.,J. ,r)CHOCOLATES BY MAIL.CHOCOLATESare made fresh every day-especiallyprepared for os-in neat boxes --delicatelyflavored, pure and wholesome) i caady,--ebfolutly guaranteed as toJ Quality.L TO CONSUMERS ONLYg60 ceeAs for a full pouad, postpaioVTRAHNIER fggga- ,For SaleA black horse ; will work anywhere.Either phone.E. M. WHEELER.7 tf Eighth and Main.NOTICEMl parties having accounts againstK 's. Carrie Hornsey, deceased, willr-ase present same to me at once1 r payment.ri 4t N. KRIENER.For Sale PrivatelyOne mahogany bookcase, Jfrincessdresser, an oak rocker and pedestal,one handsome pair lace curtains.MRS. RUDULPH DAVIS.Public SaleOP-Bank Stock!We offer stock for'salein the Agricultural Bank, Paris, Ky., in Jive sharelots onMonday, April 7th9county court day, at 11 o'clock a.m., in front of the court house door.SECURITY TRUST CO..Lexington, Ky.typewritersRebuilt Cike llew iRemington 6, $23Smith Premier 2, $23Remington 10, $40(Latest Model)Smith Premier 10, $40(Latest Model)Monarch, $40Underwood 4, $40Underwood 5, $45Oliver 3, $40Oliver 5, $50L C Smith & Bro., $35We Handle Carbon Paper Ribbons iorall Makes. 'We Repair Typewriters.We have the largest Stock in the U. S.The Joseph Candioto Co.149-151 N. BroadwayLexington, KentuckyHUSBANDCTfyjhiLtDESPAIRING WIFEl!After Foot Years of DiscouragingConditions, Mrs. Bullock Gave 'Up in Despair. HusbandCame to Rescue.Catron, Ky. In an interesting letterfrom this place, Mrs. Bettie Bullockwrites as follows : "I suffered for fouryears, with womanly troubles, and duringthis time, I could only sit up for a littlewhile, and could not walk anywhere atlIL At times, I would have severe painsfa my left side;The doctor was called in, and his treatment relieved me for a while, but I wasooa confined to my bed again. Aftergut, nothing seemed to do me any good.h,XCORROBORATION0! Interest fe Paris Readersm For months Paris citizens have seenin theBe columns enthusiastic praise ofDoan'aKidney Pills by Paris residents.Would these prominent people recommend a remedy that had not provpnreliable. Would they confirm theirstatements after years had elapsed ifpersonal experience had not shownthe remedy to he worthy of endorsement. The following statement shouldcarry conviction tojthe mind of everyParis reader.Mrs. Ida Huffman, 115 Main street,Paris. Ky., says: "We think Doan'aKidney Pills are just fine. We willingly confirm the endorsement'we gavethem some years ago. I suffered frompairs across the small of my back.SeeingtDoan's Kidney Pills advertisedI got a supply at Wilson's drug storeand gave them a trial. I was verymuch pleased with the results."sDr. King's New Discovery.Soothes irritated throat and lungs,8 tops chronic and hacking cough, relieves tickling throat, tastes nice.Take no other; once used always used.Buy it at Oberdorfer's.Where "Yiddish" Comes From.The Hebrews who live In GermanyBpeak the German language, usingamong themselves a peculiar dialectcalled "Yiddish," that term being itself a corrupt form of the Germanword Yudisch. Russian Hebrews alsouse this language, while by a curiouschain of historic events Turkish Hebrews speak Spanish. Printed Yiddish shows an interesting combination of languages, the words beingessentially German, but printed in Hebrew characters. Christian Herald.Politician's Ideal.In the opinion of the average politician the Ideal form of governmentwould be one under which everybodycould have a public office.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.The Peoples' Warehouse Companyof Carlisle have abandoned the idea ofbuilding an addition to their warehouse. For some time this was talkedof by the stockholders, but the ideahas now been abandoned.The demand for land and live stockcontinues great in Nicholas countyand vicinity, and record prices are being paid. Farms in some instances arebringing from $32,000 to 840,000, andhorses of medium stock are going ashigh as $550 per pair under the hammer. Mr. George F. Dickinson, of Pittsfield, Mass., will come to Kentuckysoon to purchaase about sixty-five finepaddle norses if his Dlan for establishing a riding Bchool and a city cavalrytroop in the Massachusetts city goesthrough. Mr. Dickinson has ambitiousplans for his school and cavalry troop,and he intends to equip it with Kentucky horses.State of Ohio, city of Toledo.Lucas conty.ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath that heis senior partner of the firm of F. J.Cheney & Co., doing; business in theCity of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case of.Catarrh that cannot be cured bv the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence this 6th day of December, A. D. 1886.A. W. GLEASON.Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO..Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all druggists. 75 cents.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Are You a Cold SuffererTake Dr. King's New Discovery.thebest cough, cold, throat and lung medicine made. Money refunded if itfails to cure you. Do not hesitatetake it at our risk. First dose helps.J. R. Wells. Floydada.Texas. writes:"Dr. King's New, Discoveiy cured myterrible cough and cold. I gained 15pounds." Buy it at Oberdorfer's.RESCUEDI had gotten so weak I could not stand,and I gave up in despair.At last, my husband got me a bottle ofCardui, the woman's tonic, and I commenced taking it From the very firstdose, I could tell it was helping me. Ican now walk two miles without itstiring me, and am doing all my work."If you are all run down from womanlytroubles, don't give up in despair. Tryfcardui, the woman's tonic, ft has helpedmore than a million women, in its 50years of continuous success) and shouldsurely help you, too. Your druggist hassold Cardui for years. He knows whatit will do. Ask him. He will recommend it Begin taking Cardui today.'Write to: Chattanooga Meiidne Co., Ladleslitrienn TVnt.. f"h;ttannoea. Tenn.. for CVCCXOIInstructions on your case and 64-page book. Home ITreatment fr Women," sent Jn plain wrapper. Jf )CHOICE INTERURBAN HOME SITESV . 'BETHLEHEM PLACEI 3. I ,..te tZJ&mZr-,-ilS3jC. COi tT - r . . r r r , .-i LP" ' """ : "7 , - .i . . . . . . i. - VmXirX. rp 7 vw '"ij - vv ... ,s-.vIs I - y r,irpfiv """ - v -- Ti'-nMviMw- " 7J7K a .? iiih ' vscvt JY1 rK- " && .s fL P - . WT ' . JygF js&s j Wft , yeg x.AA. No 3 ' - -- As -gr W 312 vAy1 jrl ' A.- 1-2 S3 -. - M ijtsMi " No5 ' ' " ' "Spl 1 us? . - r5U : " " '" -- , VXSL No 6ftfe . isms 7-y XsH " " " X -k no 7 ", : , ' , I()05 y '-i 1 " "9t ri jr -J NA ft V .'v. - ,.-. kni 1- - - , - m ,ofwl fttfi F X c&y J'"-n " - f" ", r 2q xxx s '- H : X - 'CD 7P4- X X - '"r lY I I X X X - f 'cq 0 No 11 - .' -ft "XXX ' ' 4Ef 55p, x i rH " x ' 1 -ogf 451 XLXJX " ' - C J t No.fio Contalna.l.Uoiacres-m " 7x& : ' ' IotNo.ai contalno'lfacres'I to .. X X-&X K v' - LOttKo.fl2 r.r,nfr,1noS rt:lrt'1 r ito i.t3 sfjr . - - . - -1 . 'H-SJe' XXX "j S7fX-X1 ruitii- s .'S j ., -.There are fourteen desirable suburban home sites in Bethlehem Place. These small farms contain from three and onehalf acres down to three-fourths of an acre. The land is most desirably located, being but two city blocks from the Interurban line, and the car fare to ride down into the city of Paris is only five cents. The rear of this property abuts on theright-of-way of the L. & N. Railroad, and is but a short walk to the .south yards' of the L. & N. Railroad, making theaddition most admirably located for home-owners.By building a house on one of these sites you are enabled to have your own cow and horse, raise your chickens andhogs, and with the garden, fruit, etc., that can be raised, will make the owner a comfortable living.Liberal terms of payment will be extended to purchasers. Come in and talk it over and see the land and we believethat we can point a way whereby you can soon be! comfortably housed in your own home, convenient of access to theInterurban railway.Fourteen Choice Home Sites To Be Sold SoonAT HPUBLIC AUCTION(WATCH-'NEWSPAPERS AND HAND BILLS FOR ANNOUNCEMENT OF DATE OF SALE.)HOME.The word Home loses much of it'strue significance if it does not includeownership. An abiding place may sat-isf y transient needs if it minister tophysical comforts.but a Home hallowedby the sound' of childish voices and themusic of mother's lullabies should beall that the name implies. The joy ofliving is enhanced, the exhuberance ofyoung manhood is unrestrained, whenthe freedom of a Home, all your own,may be offered. It cannot be disputedthat upon the acquisition of property,however small in amount, a quickeningof the heart throbs for everything having in view the welfare and prosperityLIBERAL TERMS TO PURCHASERS!DON'T PAY RENT-OWN YOUR HOME!ARE YOU A RENTER?The question is often asked why persons with an established business orwith a comfortable salary, are living inrented houses? The question is oftener asked than satisfactorily answered.The most common answer, when suchquestion is propounded, is framed intowoids faucn as "I am not able to payfor a home," or "I am afraid I maymeet misfortunes so I cannot keep upmy payments, and then I would losewhat I have paid." To the shrinkingone who'has no faith in himself or in hisability to meet conditions as they arise,these excuses have some weight andthey justify him as he thinks in continuing his unbusiness-like course ofswelling the bank account of the landlord through his monthly pavment ofMcCARNEY,OFFICEBANKBOTH PHONES41ADDITION TO PARIS, KENTUCKYSTeiTwsgisasiFt:SCALE 150 fT TO THE nCK. s "of the community is observed. One ofthe strong and convincing talkingpoints respecting a piece of propertyis that it is located in the midst of people who own their own Homes.There" are many persons in Bourbonand adjoining counties to-daj'- who arechained by the slavery of rent paying,when they might own their own Homes.A thrill of ecstacy is felt when a youngcouple, who have recently joined heartand hand, sees their names as granteesin a deed to a. Home. Life seems -rbrighter than before, hope paints thefuture in roseate colors, and daily toilis approached with a new zest.There is a mistaken belief prevalentrent. If, however, he stops and reflectsthat he loses every twelve-month bysuch course not only the amount represented by his yearly rent bill, less ,interest, taxes, etc.! but the increasedvalue which the year has added to theproperty, he awakens to a full realization that the time is ripe ISJOW toadopt a new and better philosophy toguide his business steps.If the acquisition of a Home depend" ed upon the payment of a considerablelump sum at a time of the purchase,then a great many deserving personsmust of necessity become reconciled tothe slavery of rent-paying during thenatural life. However, a message ofhope and cheer may be sounded broadcast to give heart to the despairing andencouragement to the downcast.MILLER &IN KENTUCKIAN-CITIZENROW OPPOSITE COURT$ ,. 4), -'m "" "" """"" " X.BETHLEHEMiPLACEADDITION TOURISM,; NcCarney, Miller I Lillesfon; OwneflOffice in Ker.tuckian-Gitizen Building.5 Bank Row, Opp. Gourt House. PariKy."lot No.fl contains 3.52acrft3Lot Fo.2 Contalno 3.33 acresLot j;o . 3Contains 3.15 acresLot No.ji'j Contains 2.95 acresLot No. -5 Contains 2. 75' acresLot Ko.6 Contains 2.07?acrpLot No. 7 Contains 1 . 90 acrp.s'Lot iroc 8 Contains 'l.75tacreVw, ..w, s wvn(,oiju ,x.;o cturKOJLOtLotLot):Lortfo03 -Contains sr 76 vacref- " rt j. . -fits. iLotlio.ln Contaln3j76acre3that only persons with a considerableaccumulation of money are able to owna Home. It is our purpose to show alarge number of deserving citizens howthe yoke of servitude to the burdensome rent bills may be lifted and aninvestment be made of such amountwhere it will increase in value as theyears roll by. If a small amount is athand as an initial payment, the remainder can be met the same as rent, and' the citizen who has been swelling thebank account of the landlord, may become the landlord himself.Watch for announcement of date ofsale of the fourteen beautiful homesite lots in Bethlehem Place.Through the medium of payments anyone who is able to keep in good reputewith his landlord by the prompt payment of rent bills may have the shackles of a grinding servility forever lifted and live in the free atmosphere of aself-respect which comes throughHome-owning.Instead of not being able to buy aHome, no one who desires to becomeuseful to the generation in which helives or influential to the communitywhere he resides can afford NOT toown a Home, if he has reasonable assurance of an income equal to the slightincrease of obligation which such ownership imposes.Watch for announcement oi date ofsale of the fourteen beautiful homesite lots in Bethlehem Place.LILLESTONBUILDING,HOUSE.PARIS, KENTUCKY9i3.. 13vsu'i3-. - . . . , .-... t ' . - . '?. Im-vv-. ,frkWvlskIEOOKaSiMJKSSEjwjrac. azvxsxtjmerrster'iatxA m jjaessue-' i1HL BOURBpNEWSPARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH-28, 1913tIt3L vjrrtjfcib vppui r1NefrcMan Shot to Death By Another Black.tuniy For BuyingI Silks at a Low Price IWe bought from an Easterm manufacturer a collection Fancy Silks suitable for one-piece Dresses, Evening Gowns, Waists, House Dresses and Trimming purposes. They are all 24 inches in width of a varied assort. ment of shades, also in many different designs, principally stripes, floral designs, geometrical designs. Theseare Silks which would retail at $1.00 per yard we willgive you choice of about 2,000 yards, at per yardANXIOUS RELATIVES WAITCOwing to the very low price and the impossibility torecord on these, no samples will be cut nor can they betaken on approval or brought back for exchange. Theywill go so fast that only outright sales of these will bemade. This sale of Silks will continue until this collection is sold out entirely. We would urge an early call tosecure good selections.oil Wile SI Co.VpGeorge Brown, colored, was shotand instantly killed last night aboutnine o'clock on Eighth street near thecorner of Main by a negro who is believed to be Bert Jacoby, who madehis escape immediately after theshooting.The difficulty prior to the. shootingis said to have been the result of a(disagreement over the division of somearticles in the possession of Brown.The two men had been 'associated forsome time and engaged in horse trading. Several persons standing on the corner of Eighth and Main street witnessed the shooting. Jacoby was ridingin a buggy with another negro whosename could' not be ascertained, andwas turning into Eighth street fromMain. The men were engaged in anargument wnicn continued ior semedistance down Eighth toward High,Brown following the buggy. Brownis alleged to have walked between thewheels of the buggy, which had beenstopped, and began talking to Jacobyin loud tones, when the latter is saidto have drawn his revolver and firedone shot.Brown walked to the other side ofthe street when two more shdts werefired in his direction. At the last shotBrown fell to the street. Three bulletsfrom the revolver took effect in hisbody, the first severing a vital organ,and nassing entiiely through the body.After the third shot was fired thebuggy was driven to the alley in therear of Lavin & Connell's building andone of the occupants got out, enteredthe alley and disappeared in the darkness. The buggy was then driven outEighth street.It is said the men met in a saloondown town, but neither indicated bywords or actions that there was ' adifference betweenjthem. , JacoVy iisaid to have visited the home ofBrown in Kenedysviltej a negro settlement, early in the evening, inquiringfor-him, and was told by his wife thathe was down town.Jacoby was arrested last night about10 :30 o'clock by Patrolman Fred Linkas'he was entering his home on Thomasavenue. He admitted the crime andsaid he had made no effort to escape.He had in his possession the weaponwith which he shot Brown. It was a38-caIibre Smith & Wesson revolver.Three empty shells were still in thecylinder.According to the statement of JacobyBrown followed him down Eighthstreet and attemDted to strike himwhile he was in the buggy. After theshooting he said he went to the stablewhere he put away his horse and hewas on his way home to tell that hehad shot Brown and then he said he intended Jra surrender to the police.For Tidings of Loved Onesthe Flood-Swept Valleyof the Ohio . .inPARISIANS LIVE IN DAYTONBut No Message Relieves AnxietyStories of FloodThousands PerishPARIS TO AjDSOFF ERERSWill Be One of First KentuckyTowns to Send Relief toStricken Dayton500 WILL BE NECESSARYFormerly Kaufman, Straus & Co,8LLexington, KentuckyJyNegro Dies of Apoplexy.Mam Umphrey, colored, aged 52years, and married, died near Escondida yesterday from a stroke of apoplexy. The negro was employed on thework train of;C. M. Griffin, superintendent of a train construction crew ofthe Louisville and Nasnville railroad.Coroner Davis investigated the causedof his death. The body was shippedlast night to his homejn Athena, Ga..for burial.Relati"es in this city are anxiouslyawaiting tidings from a number ofParisians in Dayton, O , where somany lives were lost Wednesday night,but to a late hour last night no communication could be established.Grave fears are expressed for theirsafety and with each hour anxiety increases. Kussell Doty, son of Mr.and Mrs. James Doty, of this city, atraveling salesman in the employ of, awholesale mililnry establishment, resides in the city together with his auntand uncle, Mr. and Mrs. William Mayfield. Mr. Mayfield has for some time beenemployed in the engraving departmentof one of thejargest daily newspapersof that citv. The entire business district in which both establishments arelocated is under water.Mr. Doty haB made repeated effortsto get in communication with 'his sonsince the news of the great disasterreached this city, but has so far beenunsuccessful. Mr. Mavfield's wife wastormerly Mies Hattie Sauer, of Paris,and a sister of Mrs. Doty and John andWill Sauer, of Paris.Mr. Fred Sauer. of Lexington, has,also made repeated efforts to communicate with his relatives from thatcity, but a message yesterday was tothe effect that he too had been unsuccessful. The relatives here entertain the hopethat the members of their familv wereout of the danger zone when the floodbroke over the city, as their place ofresidence is far beyond the reach ofthe flooded districts.No message has ben received fromRay Clark, who left Paris on Mondayafternoon for Dayton, where he wasto take charge of a stable of showhorses belonging to J. H. Patterson, of the N. C. R. Co. He is supposed to have arrived in Dayton Tuesday one day before the disaster.Dr. F. M. Faries, of this city, has anumber of relatives in ,Middletown,O., one of the stricken cities in theOhio Vailey, and he is very anxious asto their safety. He is unable to get incommunication with them owing tothe "rippled condition of telephone andtelegraph service. Mr. George Nippert, son of Mr. P. Nippert, of Paris,also resides in Middletown. and nomessage has been received by themembers'of his family here.Canvas Will Be Started Today toJEtaise the Amount to Relieve the HungryrThe Tire PropositionSolvedWhen you buy a Goodyear Tirewe guarantee it. If it does notrun the guaranteed miles wegive you adjustments on them.We Make the adjustments onyour word. There is no delaywaiting for tires to come fromfactory, we give you a new onethe day you bring the old oneback. Goodyear Tires are 10Iper cent over size,all sizes in stockWe carryGOODYEAR TIRES AREBEST BY TESTYerkes & Prichard,Paris, Kentucky-ITHOUSANDS ARE STARVING." Dayton, Ohio. March 27 -'There isnot a full day's food supply in tl atpart of Dayton not under" water. Before night it is possible that a thousand persons, who Jiave been withoutfood or drinking water since Tuesday, will be relensed and there will.beno provisions for them and no place tocare for them. If the death list isonly 1,000 I will consider it marvelous, a disDensation; if it is 10,000 Iwill not be surprised."ft The above message was sent to Governor Cox today by George F. Burba,private secretary to the Governor. Ina further interview, Mr. Burba said :"The real suffering will grow worsefor days. There are 70.000 homeless.The refugees are 'being fed fromhand to mouth with less than a day'ssupply ahead of them. There is nowater and there is no light. Probablywithin a day there will be the bodiesoffthousands of horses decomposing inthe muddy streets, and it will be Impossible even to care for the bodies ofthe humans."BODIES STACKED UP.Davton, Ohio, March 27. Many.bodies are being removed from theriver at Riverdale. They are beingstacked three deep along the banks,according to word received at theWestern Union Telegraph Company.It started snowing again this afternoon. Jl The estimate ofdead. 5,000 is nearlvcorrect. ""The total number of dead will neverbe known andjDayton dreads when preceding waters will lav bare the fullextent of the disaster.EARLP REPORTS.Floods, almost unprecedented inarea, following tornados of a few davsago. swept Indiana and Ohio Wednesday, each report adding to the loss oflife and damage to propertv. Thereservoir and levees broke at Dayton,O., and the city was .inundated, thelist of dead reported varying fromsixty to many hundreds. At Delaware, O., the dead mav go to 100. Acatastroohe' is Reported at Hamilton,O., in which hundreds are said to havelost their lives, but these reports havenot been confirmed. Los ot lite andsuffering are general throughout Ohio,witn bridges gone and traffic stopped.One hundred thousand are reportedhomeless in Indiana, with 200 deathsreported at Peru. Indianapolis is indarkness, without fire protection, andall utilities out ot commission. Evansville fears inundatiun.The first resume of the cost in livesand dollars Fof the Omaha storm ofSunday, showed ,that more than 200lives had been snuffed out in the cityproperfand not xless than 50 in surrounding towns. The : injured willreach almost 500. Relief work hasbeen well organized, but a three inchfall of snow caused greater suffering.Sums aggregating $1,000,000 have beenoffered for relief work. The wreckedcity has been placed nuder martial lawbv the Federal soldiers, even the cityuolice bing denied admission.Windstorms are estimated to havedone hundreds ofthousands or dollarsdamage to property in Kentucky, thelargest loss being at Paducah, wherethe minimum estimate is 3150,000.No loss of life is reported, though theinjuries of one man may prove fatal.A windstorm traveling at the rateof sixty-four miles an hour "hit Nashville, Tenn., 'Wednesday night. Windows in the State Capitol were brokenParis will'be one of the first cities inKentucky to render aid to the floodsufferers of the stricken city of Dayn, Ohio, and it .is expected within thenext few days a sufficient fund will beraised which will materially benefitthe sufferers.?The Bourbon News takes the initiative in the movement to raise a fundwith which to purchase provisions forthe Buffermg multitudes and it is thesincere hope that our appeal will meetwith a hearty response from the generous people of this community.Provisions consisting of cannedgoods, meal, flour, bread, etc., aregreatly needed. The word comes fromthe stricken city that the people aresuffering from hunger.A committee will be named thismoining which will visit all of thebusiness men of this city solicitingsubscriptions with which to purchasethe provisions. It will be the aim tosend a car load to the stricken city.While the officials of the Louisville andNashville railroad could not be communicated with last night it is believed it can be arranged with thecompany to have it "dead head" thecar through to Dayton.A sum of $500 will be needed and ina short time last night the sum of $62was raised for the purpose. Subscriptions will be received at the Newsoffice, at the store of Frank & Co., orwith Mayor J. T. Hinton. All contributors will be given credit and theirnames and amounts contributed will bepublished in the News. Two of thefirst contributors. Messrs. Hinton andFrank, will attend to the matter ofpurchasing the supplies when thenecessary amount is raised. Following are ..the contributions made lastnight :B. A. Frank . . . . $25.00J. T. Hinton 25.00Bourbon News 10.00Dr. F. M. Faries 2.00Water Extinguishes Fire in GasRetorts.The high water of Wednesday overflowed the embankment at the gasplant extinguishing the fires in the retorts and for a time yesterday the citywas without a gas supply. Had it notbeen for a supply in the holder thesupply would have been exhausted hefore the receding water would haveallowed the plant to resume operationsAn extra force of men was put towork last night and by midnight theDlant was in full operation.Cows to be Sold Tomorrow.Attend the sale to be held by'L . T.Lilleston on South Main street tomorrow afternoon. Two good cows, threehead of driving horses and a Shetlandponv will be sold. Seeadvertisementelsewhere.Meeting Trouble.A man doesn't have to go far tomeet trouble half way. PhiladelphiaInquirer.Mother Loses Mind Oyer Son'sDeath.Brooding over the loss of her boy,who was drowned in Hinkston creeknear Millersburg two weeks ago andwhose body has not been recovered,Mrs. Elijah Carr has become mentallyderanged and is in a serious condition. Since the accident which costher boy his life Mrs. Carr has held aconstant vigil, refusing to be comforted in her loss, urging the searchers to extreme measures in the effortsto recover the dead.The mental strain which Bhe had undergone for a number of aays reacheda limit when the rising waters ofHinkston creek mad9 further serch im3possible. When the last ray of hopewas swept away with the rushing tideshe suffered a mental collapse and hercondition is such that it may be necessary to confine her in a sanitarium toprevent an attempt upon her own life.Her son, Raymond Carr, wasdrowned in Hinkston creek on the afternoon of March 14, and all efforts toraise the remains have been of noavail. The stream was at a highstage when, while feeding stock withan elder brother, he fell from a horseinto the stream. The efforts of theolder boy to rescue him were withoutresult and he too had a narrow escapefrom a watery grave.Several days ago the stream fromthe point where the boy was seen to godown, to Huddles Mills, a distance offour miles, was dynamited in the hopeof bringing the remains to the surface. This failing a search continuedfor several days in Licking River.No trace of the body has ever beenfound and it isthe belief that if it hadnot come to the surfade during previous high water and Was carried intothe large streams, the recent floodwas sufficient to carry the remains tothe raging waters of the Ohio.and a house unroofed.Wind and rains caused an estimateddamage of $100,000 in Louisville,flooding hundreds of cellars, leaving insidewalks, stopping car lines andwrecking trees, homes, barns andother pronerty. Part of the westernsection of the city was under fourfeet of water. Firemen and citizenaworked all night. No deaths are reported. The flood situation in Pennsylvaniais growing serious.. The dam atbpartansburg broke and Oil Citv is endangered. All streams are out of theirbanks and hundreds of persons arehomeless or marooned in dangerousplaces.Maktt Im lakiif Eatf , y dRichu&AKlN3POWDERAbsolutely PureThm only baking powtkmado from Roy at GrwpmCream of TartarHO ALUM.KO LIME PHOSPHATEraging treamsnear Pleasantrailroad trackFire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford-Administrators NoticeNotice is hereby given to all persons havng claims against the estateof Wm. Steuban, deceased, to presentthem pioperly proven according to lawto the undersigned administrator ofthe estate for pavment, and all persons owing the estate are requested tasettle nromptly.STEPHEN MOORE.Admr. Wm. Steuban.Deceased.HIGH MARK IS REACHED.(Continnad frcm Page 1)road office Wednesday mor.iing was tothe eftecc that the Rowland branch;was seriously crippled by reason of awashout which occurred near Paint"Lick, between Richmo nd and Stanford. One thousand feet of track wasswept away by an overflowing streamapd the little town wa3 partly inundated. Many residences were underwater.Traffic on this division will be delayed indefinitely and until the receding water will allow the damage tobe repaired.The trains on the Maysville divisionof the road were delayed several hoursWednesday when a waterspout visiting Nicholas county increased thevolume of water in thewashing out bridgesValley, damaging theand laying out all incoming trains forseveral nours. The damage sustainedbytthe L. & N. will reach far into,the thousands.While the electric storm was ragingWednesday af ternocn lightning strucka tree in the yard of Miss MattiesKeller near Kiserton. The membersof the family were in the house, abouttwo hundred feet away. Joe'Ewaltsuffered a badly burned face from abolt while Shelby Kiser was renderedunconscious for a time. Others in thehouse were uninjured. The tree wasreduced to splinters.The waters of Houston and Stonercreeks reached the highest stageYYednesdsy irHnight and the rain,which had been falling during thenight changed to snow. The watersbegan to recede slowly and by morning a fall of about two feat was recorded. Snow flurries ocontinucdthroughout the day'yesterday.A report was started Wednesdayafternoon to the effect that while anumber of school boys were watching:tha high water in the rear of thecity school one of the parly hadpushed a small boy into the stream andhe had drowned The story causedconsiderable excitement and manywent to the scene to ascertin the truthof the report. It proved to be without foundation.Telephone communication throughout the county was considerably crippled. An extra force of linemen wereemDloyed by both the telephone companies in repairing the lines. Bothcompanies had a number of lines down,but the damage was comparativelylight. Pans was cut off from Cincinnati Wednesday for a time.A water spout which swept overNicholas county hroke over LittleRock, doing considerable damage botbto farms and live stock. In thisneighborhood Mr. Chas. Walls had a.flock of twenty sheep and lambsdrowned by the deluge, while MrChas. Hopkins suffered the loss of anequalfnumber. A report that a buildingat Little Rock wa3 demolished Iby the;wind is untrue, although a r number ofchimneys were blown off and windowswere demolished in Wednesday's storm.Bourbon Gircuit Court.In the Bourbon Circuit ' Court thejurv in the 30,000 damage suit of Edward Moreland's administrator againstthe Hough & Spradling ConstructionCo., yesterday morning returned averdict in favor of the defendant,awarding the sum of S2.U00.The suit has occupied three days ofcourt, tne taking of evidence beingcompleted Wednesday afternoon when?the arguments began and were completed when the case was given to thejury. Upon the convening of courtyesterday morning the jury began its.deliberations and after being out aboutthree hours brought in the verdict.The plaintiff was represented byb'ranklin, Talbott & Whitley, whilethe Hon. E. M. Dickson was the attorney for the defendant comDany. Hon.R. B. Franklin and Mr. Wade Whitleymade the arguments for the defense.Mr. Moreland, who was an empoyeof the construction company, was killed last fall bv the explosion of a boilerat the construction camp near thiscity.Insure with W. O. HintonJPrompt paying non - unioncompanies. ' " tfw3. ;JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, Ri- fiLI 'frHfe SOURBON NEWS.u?irM.ALWAYS HAS THET EESTOF EVERYTHINGRUGS.Most complete lineof Rugs ever in Paris.Brussels Rug 9x13for $1 0 and up.J.T. HINTON.lDentists to Close.The dentists of Paris will closetheir offices every Friday afternoonfrom one o'clock to six beginning Friday, April 4, 1913.Something Different.When you look at our wall papersyou Eee sometning different.25 2tBORLAND'S.Lilleston Sale Postponed.On account of the inclement weather the stock saleS of Mr. L. T."" Lilleston, which was advertised for Wednesday afternoon at 2 o'clock t theThrockmorton place on South Mainstreet, was postponed until Saturday,March 29, at 2 o'clock.Seed Corn." e are sole agents for the sale inB: .;rbon county of Caldwell's BooneO ..mty White Seed FCorn. Phones 14.-3 5t CHAS S. BRENT & BRO.Visits Carlisle Lodge.Joseph Ewalt, of 'Paris, 2rand Master of the Grand Masonic Lodge ofKentucky, visited the DaughertyLodge No. 65 F. & A. M.. in Carlislelast evening. The Carlisle lodge hasgained aa wide reputation for Masonicwork and a large ciowd pf visitors ofthe adjoining counties were present.Seed Oats.We believe we have the finest seedoats jn Bourbon county or elsewhere.28 ot CHAS S. BRENT & BRO.Vickers Commits Suicide.Paul J. Vickers, 59, a farmer ofScott counly, committed suicide atGeorgetown Wednesday by shootinghimself in the heark He lived on thefarm of his brother-in-law, CharlesSinger, near Stamping Ground. Having been in ill health for some yearshe had . become despondent, Mr.Vickers is survived by his wife andnine children.Cheap and Good.Our good wall papers are cheap andour cheap wall paDers are good.25 2t ' BORLAND'S.Concert and Candy Pulling.The Woman's Bible Class of theMethodist church will entertain with aVictrola concert and Duich luncheonFriday aiternoon from two to fcuro'clock at the residence of Mrs. J. A.Kuttencutter in iienry Addition, anain the evening a candy pulling for theyounc folks will also be given at the',residence of Mrs. Ruttenculter. A 'free will offering will be taken for thebenefit of the MexicanscholarshipThe Kind You Want.Our line, of wall papers will suityour taste and tickle your purse.25 2t BORLAND'S.Work on Double Track Progressing.VWork of grading the right of way ofthe douhle track pf the Louisville andNashville railroad between this cityand Winchester is Drogressing rapidlyand it is exoecled the laying of railswill begin" early in June. Weatherconditions during the winter monthshas retarded th progiess of the work,but with the opening of good weathercontractors expect vto push the workwith all haste.Driving Horses to be Sold TomorrowAt the public sale to be held by L.T. Lilleston tomorrow afternoon twogood family horses and a good broodmare- will be Isold. Also two goodrubber tired runabouts, harness, etc.See advertisement elsewhere.Report of Bankin Sale.The stock sale which was conductedby Harris & Speakes for N. H. Rankin, of Millersburg, was Held in SouthParis Wednesday, but owing to highwater none of the horses and muleswere brought to the sale and only cattle and hogs were sold. A smallcrowd was in attendance, and thestock brought low prices. Shoatsweighing from sixty to eighty poundssold at nrices averaging from S5.85 toS7.10 per head. Eight or ten milchcows sold at prices from 40 to 587.50per head.Dof- rfnzxArk Incjtranrft.McCLURE & CLENDENISIIN.Home Phone 7fc T. 235."Jack the Peeler" Appears HereAgain." Jack thPeeDer" has made his appearanceCratbis city and tlie policeare making an effort to locate theman who has been seen in the vicinityof Main and Eleventh strer ts.on severaloccasions. The man has uiade severalvisits to the residencre of Mr. JamesS. Douglas at the corner of Main andEleventh streets and , Tuesday night?qc Hicn.,uprpfi on the roof of the ellaxzvnof the house looking 'into the apartments of Mr. J. D. Burnaugh. whowith his wife occupies the second floorof the residence. He had climbpd tohis position by means of a laddeiwhich as left in the. rear yard. Wnenf e wus discovered he climbed from the3-xof and madp his oscaoe bv runningrround the house '.o Mam street, Mr.Dousrla Qred a shot at the fleeingman but he disappeared in the aik-Iifct,S.PERSONAL MENTIONMiss Martha Ferguson is visitingin Covington.Miss Lillie Martin, of Carlisle,was the guest this week of Mrs. Martin O'Neal.Mr. andjMrs. Traylor. of Minorsville, Scott county, are guests of Mrs.lowest Harris, on Cypress street.Miss Nellie Fithian has returnedto Caldwell College, Danville, afterspending Easter with relatives in thiscity.Mrs. C. J. McLear returned Tuesday evening from an extended vieit toher sister, Mrs. Valiandingham, atOwenton.m Mr. Harry Parker arrived Tuesdaynight from New York t visit relativesand to recuperate his health. He haBbeen quite ill for some time.Mr. Bruce Miller, editor ot theKentuckian-Citizen, who has beenconfined tofhis bed for several dayswith illness, was somewhat improvedyesterday.Miss Charlina Ball will entertainat cards Friday afternoon at twoo'clock-at the home of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Ball, on the Maysville pike.Miss Margaret Graham Davis,who has been spending the Easter vacationtwith her aunt, Mrs. John T,Hinton, returned Wednesday eveningto Caldwell College Danville.Mrs. W. T. Brooks left yesterdayfor a visit to her sister, Mrs. Chas.Sillpman, in Harrodsburg and to bewith her venerable father, Mr. JamesL. Joplin, who is auite ill at the ageof 83 years,Dr. Jennie Fleming, a missionaryto Harda, India, g who is spendingthe winter at the college of Missionsat Indianapolis, spent .the day withMrs. Frank Lowry Wednesday. Afew friends were present to meet her.Miss Anita Sower and Mr. Leonard Sower, of Frankfort, were .theeuests last week of Miss Virginia Dundon. Mr. and Mrs. John Sower, parents of the young people, motored toPais Sunday and were the guests ofJudge and Mrs. Denis Dundon.The Paris Literary Club held itsregular meeting Wednesday afternoonat its club rooms but owing to the disgreeable weather there was only asmall attendance. The general subject was "The Great Moguls of Delhi." Two interesting papers wereread uuon the subject by Mrs. WilliamB. Ardery and Mrs. John F. Davis,the subject of the former being "Bader, tha Founder, and Akbar, theRuler." and the latter "Shah Jahan,the BuilderJury in Lawrence Case DisagreeThe case of the Commonwealthagainst Forrest Lawrence was calledfor trial yesterday morning. Lawrence is under indictment for the killing (jf George Thomas, colored, in thesaloon of Mike Woods. The Jevidecein thecase was all in yesterday afternoon about five o'clock when it wasgiven to the jury.After deliberating until six o'clockthe jury reported that they were hopelessly hung and that an agreementseemed impossible Judge Stout placed the jury in charge of Deputy SheriffMarshall with instructions that theyresume their deliberations after supperin an effort to reach a verdict.At nine o'clock last night the juryagain reported that thev could notrea h an agreempnt and were discharged from further service. Judge Stoutgranted the defendant bail in the sumof $250. which he was unable to execute, and was remanded to jail.rain Run of the L. N.e hrst test train run over theLouisville and Nashville railroad sincebeginning Jthe dcuhle track betweenthis city and Covington two years ago,left Paris Tuesday afternoon for thenorth end. The train consisted of anengine and caboose and eighty cars,forty-six of which were loaded andthe remainder empties. The train wasthe longest ever run over the road andfrom end to end covered a distance otthree-fifths of a mile. A revision ofthe tonnage rate on this division ofthe road occasioned the test, and atotal oi 2,750 tons was hauled by oneengine. Conductor W. H. Haggardand Engineer Bvron Hill were incharge of the train and engine No.1301, the largest pattern of freight locomotives in use on the division, wasused in the test.Surprise Your Friends.For four weeks regularly use Dr.Kinc's New Life Pills. Thev stimulate the liver, improve digestion, leraove lood impurities. Dimples and repuptions disappear from your face andbody and you feel better. Begin atonce. .Buy at Oberdorfer's.NOTICE TO PATRONS OPTHE PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC COMPANY.The extreme high water putout the fires in our gas plantand we were unable to getthem started in time to makegas for last night, but nowhave them in good shapeagain, wniie we are extremely ,sorry this happened,it wafe entirely an act of Providence, and one entirely, beyond our control.Up until five o'clock yesterday evening we thought wewould be able to furnish gasfor last night, and at that timetried to call all of our patronsby phone and notify them. .We regret this shut-downvery much and "assure youthat we will do all in ourpower to get the plant inshape at once.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.TestTL GAS FRANCHISEAwarded to Central KentuckyCo. the Only Bidder, byParis CouncilTRUSTEES ASK FOE AIDMassie Hospital Must HaveAssistance From Countyand City to OpenThp Cuntrn Ifonhinkv Nnfnrnl HnaCo., was last night at the recuJanmeeting of the City Council awardedthe franchise to enter the city with itsnatural gas pipe lines. The companyWas the only bidder, the sum specifiedin the bid being $124 to cover the costof the advertising and the franchise.When the bid was submitted to theboard CouncilmanHinton made a motion to refer the matter to the financecommittee, but Mayor Hinton insistedupon immediate action, stating thatthe matter had been hanging fire longenough, and upon motion of Counciman Kennev the bid was accepted, thevote upon the question resulting asfollowo: Ayes Hinton, Brooks, Kenney, Parrish and Speakes ; nav Walker: absent Baldwin.An ordinance will be framed andpassed at a later meeting exemptfngthe company from taxation for a period of five years.At the meeting last night the Boardof Trustees of the W. W. Maasie Memorial Hospital was before the body toask that it devise somefmeans in whichto provide funds to conduct the institution, which it was said was nearingcompletion and would be readv foroccupancy within a short time. Hon.C. M. Thomas acted as spokesman, laying the matter before the Board andasking that some provision be madelooking to this end. The institution,he said, was for the benefit of thecounty as well as the city and urgedthat the Fiscal Court be asked toassume a part of the expense of theinstitution. After some discussion amotion was passed instructing thefinance committee to meet with a committee of the Fiscal Court and theTrustees to discuss plans for raising afund for immediate use. The meetingwll be held next lhursday.Councilman Walker objected to theapproval of the salaries allowed thepolice and firemen March 1, but by avote of 5 to 1 a motion to this Teffectcarried, and the weekly payroll wasaoproved by the same vote A motionto dispense with the order was carriedand April salaries were allowed.Councilman Hinton stated that hehadthe assurance from SuperintendentMitchell, of the Paris Water Co., thattue company wouia in a iew weens install a new pump at the plant withtwice the amount of water pressure inemergency. The new equipment is expected to arrive at any time, when itwill be placed in position.The board granted a number ofbuilding permits. A report from R.B. Dickerson.Jwho inspected the boilerof the engine at the rock quarry atthe instance of the improvementcommittee, indicated that themachinery was unsafe and the committee was instructed to purchase a5 horse powpr electric motor, which,according to estimates furnished,would save the city considerable moneyin operating the crusher. The purchase of a portable boiler, with whichto operate the steam drills was alsoordered, the entire equipment: to cost825.By a unanimous vote the r Councilordered sewers laid on Eighth streettoward Thornton Division and on Mt.Airy.Persian Maxim.Be not all sugar, or the world willgulp thee down; nor yet all wormwoodor the world will spit Uree out.Public Sale-OFLive Stock, Etc.Having decided to move in o townT will sell at public auction at theThrockmorton place on South Mainstreet, just outside thecity limits onthe car line onSaturday, March 29, 1913.at 2 o'clock p. m., the following :1 good family mare, in foal to Shetland pony ;1 brood mare, 8 years old, 16 handshigh, in foal to jack. Gentle and goodworker;One 11 year old family horse, safeand reliable for anybodv ;1 Shetland Pony Filly, coming 2years-old.1-extra good Jersey cow, will befresh in two weeks, and is town brokeand as good as anybody's;1 Jersey cow, with calf by side;1 two year old heifer due to caive inMay. She is a quarter Jersey andextra good milk strain.1 Peabody rubber tire runabout,good as new ;1 Babcock rubber tire runabout;1 spring wagon ;2 sets of buggv harness in goodshape;Lot of carpenter tools ;Lot of garden tools ;Lot. of heavy lumber, doors, sash,etc. ;Lawn aower, wheelbarrow ;1 dozen Orpington hens;dozen other hensLot of old brick ;Lawn swing, porch furniture;Columbia Phonograh and 40 records,stands, etc;New Smith-Premier typewriter infirst class condition. .Some household goods, shotgun,Winchester rifle, etc.L. T. LILLESTON,Paris, Ky.George D. Speakes, Auctioneer.ramPublic Sale-OF-Household and KitchenFnrniture.I will sell at pubi c auctionresidence in East Paris onat myMonday, March31st, 1913,at 2 o'clock p. m. all myhouseholdand kitchen furniture, etc.HENRY SHOUT.Geo. D. Speakes. Auctioneer.'A WIRED HOUSEISSraCTiYUP-TO-DfllA Few of the News rorApril :All Night Long (Brooks) Ada Jones anduiuy iuurray; bomebody's Comingto Town, Billy Murray.When I tost You, Henry Burr; TheAour of Love; Frederick Wheeler.Faust, Ballet Music;Torjan Maidens,Band.Faust, Dance ofVessella's ItalianRow, Row, Row, (from "Follies of 1912)American Quartette; Malinda's Wedding Day, Collins and Harlan.Ask to Hear ThemComplete List Mailed Free.Daugbwfij BrosrGo-Carts!We SellThe Sturgis,The Alwin,The SidwayThey Are unquestlonaDiy M Ml MadeSo Why Buy Rsttletraps? Why Not Start Right?The Sidway is a Guaranteed Cart. Guarantee With Each CartSee Our Immense Line of Wall Decorations.WE PUT THEM ON RIGHT.J.T. MI N TONWood MantelsSonny Time is HereAre You Ready.,If not we have all the latest ideas in Dress Accessories tocomplete your outfit.Beautiful new Shirt Waists tailored or lingerie.An endless variety of Neckwear.Dainty colored or white hand work French Handkerchiefs.The new Spring Millinery calls for veils, We have the newVanity and Shetland Veils. Ask to see them.Easter Ribbons, dainty brocades inmatch.Gloves in kid and fabric, longfMany other Easter wearablesW. Ed.IrTlie Place to' PurchaseYour Jexvelry isThe" House of Quality'TJptoDate Goods In Sterling Silver and Gold.ccSHIRE &czst 7Jenn. 288,CIT COSTS NO MORETtlHeliapsibleart$$4.90 --to$30.00SAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingimtxsash and hair bow to:and short.that are sure to please.Tucker;IFITHIAN.jetome130.Go - Carts!vVe SellThe Sturgis,The Alwin,The Sidwayt-w!4t IAAmbulancevxSOSrwP Iff ? mJiS-rr"in -VJ " 1' '9 " " "" '" "". "fIs?1WVin4r 1Cf 1SiiliIONE MORE WEEKOUR REMThe great saving in HouseFurnishing Goods you canfind by looking here, as Spring Cleaning Time calls for somany things. Everything that you will need can be boughtduring our Remodeling Sale and will be delivered whenyou are ready for them,Cook Stovesand Ranges$11.50 up to $65.See Them BeforeYou BuyCarpets,! Rug Matting, Linoleums and Oil Cloth For YourSpring Cleaning$9.75 Kitchen Cabinet Now is your chance to save so many steps., ' . 9x1 "2 Art Square Rug, any color, $4.50.-, Chiffonier $4.25 Solid Oak, 5 drawers, for $4.25.Rockers Solid Oak Rocker, large arms, $2.25 up.Mfattress -TheA. F.Main StreetJPittsburgh Perf tecf FenceWith the Latest Improvements, This Is theHighest Quality Wire Fencing Made, Bar NoneBased on long-time experiments, de- to make the best fence.cided improvements have been made in"Pittsburgh Perfect." AS MADE TODAY, it is so far superior to any otheras to place it in a class by itself.These improvements concern the quality of wire, construction and galvanizingthree vital points that must be rightMade in Different Styles' for FIELD, FARM, RANCH, 1AWN, 7 ., 15 JCHICKEN. POULTRY and RABBIT YARD and GARDEN VerjT KOQAsk your dealer for "Pittsburgh Perfect" and insist on his furnishing" it. Doyou that some other fence is just as good. If he doesn't sell it,"Pittsburgh Perfect" Brands of Barbed Wire;Bright. Annealed &. Galvanized Wire; TwitedCable Wire; Hard Spring Coil Wire; FenceStaples; Poultry Netting Staples; Regular WireNails; Galvanized Wire Nails; Large HeadRoofing Noils; Single Loop Bale Ties; "Pitlrburgh Perfect" Fencing. All made c OpenHearth znateriaL44Roxie" Davis !Che Insurance Agent'Life, Accident, Health,'Liability,, Fire, Wind, ,Lightning :::::::::-Biggest" and Best Paying Companies.J !Give'CHd "Nub" a Calf.4 2 Helios 137. XOFSDELING SALEpliMrYou will need a Rfrigeratorfor the hot days that w-11 soonbe here. Get the New Icebergthat is the kind' that saves$5.75'up to $38.0045 - lb. Mattress, roll-edge, $10.85. gHappyHomeMakersWheeler & Co.,CHAS. GREEN, Mgr.We now produce "Pittsburgh Perfect"in our own furnaces and mills from theore to the finished product. , We knoweverything is right from start to finishTThese facts positively insure your investment in "Pittsburgh Perfect."Itch! Itch! Itch!Constant Itch. IntolarnMoagony?TrirrtrTiir a t t jl.A few drops of a mild, simple, -wash.Instant - relief all skin distressGONE. -D. D. D. Prescription for Eezemak Sounds too good to be true? -s "Weguarantee it. C " jThe first full size bottle free if D.D.D.cannot reach your case. For 'youricomfort's sake, it Is worth a trial.Come in and let us tell you about it,''Also about D.V.Di SoapIt helps.Chas. E. Butler & Son, Paris, KySurprise' Your Friends.For four weeks' regularly use Dr.Kiniz's New Life Pills. They "stimulate the liver, improve digestion, remove lood impurities, pimples and repuptions disappearvfrom your face andbody and you feel better. Bgin atonce. Buy at Oberdorfer's.A5Table DeskSolid Oak or Mahogany, $14-Any Table our Remodeling Sale.75rjasa&RK"HJHf UlllOpp. Court House,4,3VjlUarailteeClnot allow him to persuadewrite us direct.If you are interested in Wire Fencing, writefor FREE copy of our ALMANAC, 1913Pittsburli SteelPittsburgh, PennsylvaniaMothers Can Safely BuyDr. King's New Discoveryand giveit to the little ones when ailing andsuffering with colda, coughs, throat orlung troubles, tastes nice, harmless,once used, always used. Mrs. BruceCrawford, Niagara, Mo., writes:"Dr. King's New Discovery changedour boy from a pale, weak, sick boy tothe picture of health." Always helps.Buy it at Oberdorfer's.Children are mucd more,11ikely tocontract the contagious diseases whenthey have colds. Whooping cough,diphtheria, scarlet fever and consumption are diseases that are often contracted when the child haB a cold.That is why all medical authorities saybeware of colds. Forthe quicVcureof colds you will find nothingbetterthan Chamberlain's Cough Remedy.It .can always be depended upon and isDleasant and safe to take. For safeby all dealers.FAMILY IREE IS BIGHundreds Claim Kinship With aLate Millionaire.Letters From Alleged Relatives of J.K. Zimmerman, Who Died lnMestate, Pour in Upon theAd mini strato rs.Kansas City. The lure of a chance,no matter how slight, to share in the$1,000,000 left by the late J. K. Zimmerman, a stockman, of this city, whodied intestate October 6, is promptingscores of persons to write J. B. Guinotte, n probate judge, for particulars.The fortune hunters live in all partsof the country.Judge Guinotte is not the only onereceiving letters. Not a day passesthat Sam' B. Strother and F. P. Neal,administrators, do not receive lettersclaiming relationship to the wealthystockman. They have succeeded todate in finding twenty-seven heirs whoclaim a part of the estate. They areinvestigating the claims of as manymore. Some of the investigations willrequire more acumen than that required to solve a Chinese puzzle.Here is one, for instance: W. M.Spare, Cisco, 111., "writes:"While I can't claim kinship withthe deceased, it is quite within therange of possibilities. My grandmother's name was Zimmerman and married Joseph D. Long of Pennsylvaniaand moved to this section of Illinoissomewhere about the year of 1830 to1833. She had a brother by the nameof Benjamin and another by the nameof Obldiah, or possibly the last namewas the son of the former. But I'lladmit our ancestry is rather vagueon my grandmother's side, except thenames and places I have stated."Grafton Zimmerman of Elmer, Mo.,is very sure part of that $1,000,000 belongs to him. He says:"I believe I am an heir to part ofthe estate. My father's name was Peter Zimmerman and was born in Hanover, Pa. Now if you can or will giveme instructions how to proceed in making claim you will greatly oblige me."W. N. Walker of Limestone, Tenn.,believes he can produce a number oflegal heirs. He says:"We think some of the heirs are inour town. For any information youcan give me I will be thankful."A woman in Duluth, Minn., put hercase in the hands of an attorney immediately. The attorney writes:"She seems to have a very completerecord of her progenitors and claimsthat J. K. Zimmerman was her uncle."The administrators will receive $50,000 for their work in finding the proper heirs and caring for the estate untilit is divided properly.The estate of Mr. Zimmerman contains no real estate, "no bonds and nostocks. It was all in notes, secured byreal estate and chattels."It's the most unique estate I everdealt with," Mr. Neal, one of the administrators, said. "It seems strangethat so rich a man should have ownedno real estate. He had no directheirs and left no will. The estate isto be divided among nephews andnieces. So far we have found twentyseven who are to participate in thedivision."Mr. Neal is chairman of the boardof directors of the Southwestern National Bank of Commerce.DISEASE CARRIED BY 100,000Testimony to That Effect on LaborCamps Before New YorkCommission. .New York. One hundred thousandmen, most of them foreigners, live ininsanitary surroundings in 3,000 laborcamps in connection with constructionoperations throughout New Yorkstate. They contract disease in theworking months and carry it to theirfamilies in cities. JIany of the laborers live in shacks made from discarded freight cars. Under their system of employment they may not leaveif dissatifled unless they sacrifice partof their pay," held back to keep themat their jobs.Th'ese are conditions described byvoluntary witnesses at the second public hearing of Governor Sulzer's special public health commission, whichis seeking to improve methods of public sanitation. Insanitary conditionswere alleged to exist in many canneries and among the Indians. Twohundred of the 600 Indians on one reservation have tuberculosis, it was testified. It was recommended that atrained nurse be stationed on everyreservation.CHOIR GOES OUT ON STRIKEPrinceton Men Are Called to SingEpiscopal Service at TrentonChurch.Trenton, N. J. Eighteen Princeton'students were brought here and in thecapacity of strikebreakers sang themorning and evening services at St.Michael's Episcopal church in placeof the members of the regular choir,who had struck, because, they declared, the rector was interfering withthem and their organist. The organist also had walked out with his singers and a substitute had to be engaged.The strikers emulated their brethren in labor disputes by picketing outside the church, and as a result oftheir talk with members of the congregation many of the later did not attend the services.-The students sang the music well.After the night service they returnedto Princeton.No Need to 'Stop Work.When the'doctnr orders you to stopwork it staggers you. I can't, yousay, You know you are weak, rundown and failing in health day byday. but you must work as long as youcan stand. What you need is ElectricBitters to give tone, strength and vigor to your svstem, to prevent breakdown and build you up. Don't beweak, sickly or ailing when ElectricBitters will benefit you from the firstdose. Thousands bless them for theirglorious health and strength. Trythem. Every bottle is guaranteed tosatisfy. Only 50 centu at Oberdori-er's.You can say goodbve to constipationwith a clear conscience if you useChamberlain's Tablets. Many havebeen permanently cured by their .use.For sale by all dealers.4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour DepositsAre GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO RISKSIf You Arc InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANEMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000Fully PaidrOxyThe Great Blood PurifierDon't wait, for Spring has come, so begin to buildup your system now by cleansing your blood withOXY-TONIC, the Great Germ Destroyer andJBloodPurifier. For all diseases of the blood, and as aTONIC there is but one OXY-TONIC.Germs cause disease, OXY-TONIC destroysthe germs.Call and get a free booklet atW. T. Brooks9waeeiSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticerWe pay 12 l-2c for greenbeef .hides. Call us upor bring it to our place.MAX MLNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KYCall East Tenn. Phone 374Professional CardsJ J. WHililAMS,, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones jl1o . , ( E. T. 334.Residence Home 334.DR.A.H- KELIiEB,Pbacticing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - - KentuckyCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AllHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the , Public Pat-ronagefSolicited.Manv sufferers " from rhaumatiwhave been surprised and delighted withthe promnt relief afforded by apolyingChamberlain's L"jniment.tt Not one?case of rheumatism in ten requires'anyinterna treatment whatever. Thisliniment is for sale by all dealers.If Yon Want to Pot 'in WalerWorks in Your HouseOr Barn, or Bathroom Fixtures oiFuruace, or Tin, Shingles or MetaLRoofing, and all kinds of Tin "Work,.Guttering, Pipss, Filters, Water Tanks,.Dipping Tanks, Sewerage Pipe andClay Flues. Concrete Work a Specialty. Gie us a call.We also handle the American Field;Wite Fencing, and the best line orCook Stoves, Oil Stoves and Heaterson the market, and all kinds of Hardware, Farming Tools, Grates andxMantels, Screen Doors. Poultry Supplies, Harness of all kinds, the W. J.Oliver Plow, the best Plow on themarket. Horse CJipoers, Cement,.Lime, Paint and Oils.vve duv une very oest goeds obtain?able, and our prices are right.BEST & HAWKINS,4mar3mo Millersburg.'Zy.Ailing SkmEczema Psoriasis, Dandruff, Pimples, skin troubles of any kind WASlx.THEM AWAY withD. D. D. Prescription for Eczema.This mild -wash will bring- you instant relief from that awful itc'.Prove It with a 50c bottle. We guarantee the regular $1.00 size bottle toend your distress and begin your cure,or your money back. D.D.D. Soa.helps, too; asls us.Chas. E. Butler& Co., Paris Kyif.Drug Store.iNEW - BARBER - SHOPWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment.Polite'Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARLf CRAWFORDKentucky Traction andTerminal Co.INTERURBAN SCHEDULELve. Lexington Lve. Parisfor ParisFor Lexington.6.45 a mx7.30 a m8.15 a mX9.00 a m9.45 a m11.15 a m12.45 p-m2.15 p m3.45 p m4.30 p m5.15 p m6.00 pm6.45 p m8.15 d mx6.00 a m7.20 a mx8.00 a m8.50 a m10.20 a m11.50 a m1.20 p m2.50 p m3.30 p m4.20 p m5.00 p m8.00 p m7.20 p m9.10 d m11.00 pm10.05 p mx Daily Except Sunday.Special RatesLow Round TripHomeseekers TicketsTo points in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Arizona, Arkansas,Missouri, New Mexico, Oklahoma.Texas and Kansas on sale first andthirdiTuesday of each month, returnlimit 25 days from date of sale.Round trip Winter Tourist iickets toall principal winter resorts in theSouth on sale Oct. 15th to April 30th1913, final return limit May 3lst, 1913For further information, apply to JW. H, HARRIS, Agent, "J. K. SMITH, TV Ai. -Tonicfaht(.,3 rr-Jsvt"..fATHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., MARCH 28 19131brmW2Df -.xRheumatismNeuralgiaSprainsMiss C. Mahomet, of 2703 K. St.,"W. "Washington, 3).C, -n rites : " I suffered with, rheumatism for fivo jearaand I have ust got hold of your .Liniment, and it has done mo bo muchgood. Sly knees do not pain and theswelling has gone."Qiriets the NervesMbs. A."WEiDiTA-, of 403 ThompsonSt., Maryville, Mo., -writes: Tlienerve in my leg was destroyed fireyears ago and left mo with a jerkingat night so that I could not sleep. Afriend told me to try j our Linimentand now I could not do without it. Ifind after its nso I can sleep."SLOANS"Is a good Liniment. I keep it onhand all. the time. My daughtersprained her wrist and used yourLiniment, and it has not hurt hersince."JosephHatcher,of Selma, N. C,2.F.D., No. 4.At All DealersPrico25c, 50c, $1.00Sloan's book onhorses, cattle, hogsand poultry senttree. Addressto orderLINIMENT1 Earlk jTt ill1 f-oan' fw&dm'I Boston, I WPTi2LM Iviass. a&jkT.. .iiHT JLiXtHBIBriaKIMnil- y WeAlsolDof. DRYl' CLEANING.t; PRESSING,! REPAIRING.Best WorkGuaranteed.wisTil onus iJBros.lactwixsixsiBiiHiSiiSiiiiiSMiNATIONAL5c and 10c StoreSPECIALfor Thirty DaysOn AllWall PaperAnd also Puttingsame on Walls.Must Have Roomfor New Stock.National 5g and 10c StoreWatch Our Windows..Honor Rool.To Board of Education.Gentlemen: We are glad to announcethe largest enrollment in the history ofthe schools, 798 white and 368 colored,total 1166, but we are sorry the attendance has been reduced a little by sickness. Attendance this month: white 639,colored 268, total 907 in daily attendance. There have been 256 cases of tardiness in both schools, most of the caseswere only a few minutes. One minuteis counted. This seems bad, and it isbad. Parents could remedy it, for inmost cases it is the parents' fault.But with all this, it is refreshing to know that 613 of the907 pupils were neither absent nor tardy during themonth and 837 of them rendered satisfactory deportment.Every department is prosperous anda good honor roll follows:HONOR ROLL.GRADE I-C.Evelyn West 90, B'rances Whalen 90,Clarine Wills 90, Martha Rowlands 91,Elgan Farris 90.GRADE I-B.Helen Chappel 92, Lucile Chipley 92,Mary Louise Clendenin 92, MarthaMiller Collier 91, Catherine Duncan 92,Allie Hubbard 96, Louva Ashburton 1'6,Christine Sams 93, Edna Rose 94,Isabella Talbot 92, William Cook 95,James Turner 93 Houston Owens 91,Malcolm Waterfill 93.GRADE I-A.Charles Goodin 95, Robert F. Moore90, Emily Bratton 90, Alleen Kabler 90,Edna Earle Burnes 94, Mary LucyDotson 91, Jeanne Harris 93, EvalynTingle 91, Carolyn White Wilmoth 96,Myrtle Ash 93.GRADE II-B.Edrie Cook 92, Roxie Fitzpatrick 90.Elizabeth Lilleston 94, Carley Scott 90,Margaret Hill 95, Hycle Mann 92.Thelma Payne 92, Christine Thomas 95,Crutcher uhism 94, Ruth Wheeler 92,Hamlet Collier 91, Violel Crowe 91,Leonard Fronk 95, William Collier 91.GRADE II-A.Nannette Arkle 93, Hazel Shelton 94,Thornton Ogle 92, Edward Paton 95,Elizabeth Tavlor 94, J. Thomas Knox90, Ethel McPheeters 90, Keller Larkin93, Elizabeth Carter 92, Anna Farrow93, Virginia Hancock 95, ElizabethHenry 93, Laura B. Smith 90, MaryFrances Burnes 95, Clara flimes 94.Marie Payne 90, Ruby Sams 91, HiattHubbard 93.GRADE III-B.Geneva Fitemaster 94, LouellaChaney 93, Elmer Burnett 93, StellaTurner 93, Joseph Crawford 92, GladysPinckard 92, Robert Southerland 91,Thomas Turner 90, Robert Terry 90.GRADE III-A.Elizabeth Johnson 94, Jack Lair 95,Nancy Wilson 96, Hilda Taylor 91,James Smith 91, Katherine Wills 94,Herbert Myers 93, Charles Padgett 95,Isabel Atlas 94, Ann Duncan 92, EvaChappell 94, Julia Masterson 90, Elizabeth Rule 91, Hazel Myers 94, FrancisHarris 95, Clara Highland 90, FrancisMcCarthy 95, Roy Burley 90.GRADE IV-B.Sidney Linville 91, Viola Ackman 91,Eugene Moore 93, Thelma Thomas 91,Ola Cassity 92.GRADE IV-A.Alma Goldstein 96, Rankin Mastin 96,Geraldme Herrin 95, Bpssie Owens 94,Tommy Hubbard 93, Raymond Stamler93. Margaret Ewalt 92, Collins Hall 91,Julian Snapp 91, Jim McClmtock 90,Mattie Whaley 90, Geneva Oliver 90,Elizabeth Wheeler 90, Jas. Miller Dun-don 90, Jas. Arnsparger 94.GRADE V-B.Julia Roberts 91. Dorothy Harris 92,Dorothy Tingle 92, Zuma Stone 92,Garland O'Neil 91, Oliver McCormick94.GRADE V-A.Albert Stewart 94, Hattie Neal 95,Elizabeth Snapp 93, Helen Rippetoe 94,Ussery Taul 92, Clara Hartley 93,Lutie Crowe 92, Lillie Kenney 93.Robert Burnett 92, Christine McCord95, Ann Meglone 92, Olive Snapp 91,Rene Clark 91, Charlie Grinnan 92,Aera Bishop 90, Bessie Gifford 91.GRADE VI-A.Ida Mae Anderson 92, Preston Bales92, Amanda Davis 92, Fannie Glass 90,Lucille Godman 92, Elmeta Hinton 92,Palmer Myers 90, Martha, Settle 95,Grace Snapp 90, Madge Taylor 95.GRADE VII-A.Vernita Baldwin 90, Fannie Heller93, Turney Clay 95, Eleanor Lytle 90,Luther Bishop 94, Edna Snapp 94, JohnClay 91, Harold Hufnagel 90, ValletteMcClintock 90, C. B. McShane 94.GRADE VIII.Fithian Arkle 95, Maude Taylor 95,Edith Bobbitt 93, Sallie Crowe 93,Mayme Flanders 91, Julia Fitzgerald93, Elizabeth Hall 93, Ethel Harper 91,Bess O'Neill 93, Frances Settle 93,Annie L. Witherspoon 91, CatherineMeglone 91, Raymond Connell 91,Albert Lavin 92, Elmer McCord 91,Clarence Buchanan 90.HIGH SCHOOL.FRESHMAN CLASS.Horace M. Clay 93, J. T. Redmon 94,Evelyn Friedman 95, Thos. Burns 90,Elizabeth Hedges 91, Mary Allin Hutchcraft 90, Julian James 90.SOPHOMORE CLASS.Jerome Chapman 90, Barnett Winters 92, ,Gertrude Sheer 91, EllenHenry 90, Grace McCord 92, MarionCram 92, Lina Crowe 95, Joseph Lynch90, Robert Mitchell 90.JUNIOR CLASS.Sello Wollstein 92, Ruth Lair 92,Ruth Chambers 96, Malvina Sharon 93,Wayne Cottingham 92, Gertie Turpin93, Eli Freidman 99, Edward Myall 98,o Letcher 97.SENIOR CLASS.Duke Brown 98, Earl Dickerson 99,G. C. Thompson 97, Clarence Harney97, Olive Taul 95, Tom Link 91, ClaraChambers 95, Ethel Wood 95, MaudeFitzpatrick 93, Mellie Rummans 90,Finnell Galloway 95.COMMERCIAL DEPARTMENT.Robt. Adair 90, Mary Brannon 90,Marguerite Taylor 95, Vella Mastin 93,William Mastin 97, Mattie Baldwin 90,Arline Kuster 92, Robt. Mitchell 97,Grace McCord 90. Gertrude Sheer 90,Sarah Meglone 90, Lina Crowe 91,Ellen Henry 90, Katherine Kenney 93,Rath Chambers 95, Eli Friedman 95,Malvina Sharon 90, Sello Wollstein 93,Earl Dickerson 90.NOTE Grades VT-R and VTT-R haveno representatives on the roll of honorfor two reasons: First, deportmentwas not satisfactory; second, Arithmetic, which is graded on the "right orwrong," that is, if the slightest erroroccurs m the work of solving a problem,the whole problem is marked, "0."We are doing all we can to secureaccuracy. A mistake of one figure inadding, subtracting, multiplying ordividing forfeits the whole problem.The low marks in Arithmetic do notmean, that noor work is? heme- 'Aorfe.but rather that accuracy, hasnoyetoeen aitainea.Farm Exhibits at County Fairs.Farm exhibits in charge of the Department of Agriculture and the Extension Department of the State University will be made at the countyfairs this year. As the AgriculturalDepartment has not sufficient moneyon hand to run the agricultural specialtrain this year, Commissioner of Agriculture Newman has decided to sendout two farm exhibits to about twentvcounty fairs. One exhibit will be incharge of the extension department ofthe State University, and the otherBincharge of the Department of Agriculture. Theexhibits will cover the subjects of dairying, pure food, fertilizer,domestic science, agronomy and soils.It is also planned to Hold agriculturalschools in the towns where the exhibitsare made at the fairs, the school to beheld the week following the fairat which the exhibit is made.Miilions of dollars are being lost annually by tne wastetul methods tmployedby the farmers, was fcthe statement made yesterday by CommissionerNewman.Can Be in Too Great Hurry.The man who is in a hurry to reach,places he is unfit to fill will only openthe way for a permanent setback bypushing ahead of his own capacity tosatisfactorily fulfill.STORE PLAN DRAWS THREATHousewives Arranging to Start a Produce Establishment Mn Order toForce a Lowering of Prices.Kansas City, Mo. Anonymousthreats directed at the proprietors ofa music store where the Housewives'league of Kansas City has maintainedheadquarters have caused worry tothe officers of the league that resultedin a decision to suspend operationsuntil a new location is secured. TheHousewives' league is trying to raisea fund of $2,000, with which to opena co-operative produce store.That so pronounced an attack on theleague would be made was not anticipated by the directors."We expected some criticism," saidMrs. Willard Q. Church, president ofthe league, "but we did not think itwould take so determined a form."We "have repeatedly said that theleague was not organized to attackthe grocers or any set of merchants.We wish to be fair and just, and our Ionly reason in establishing a store isto show that the present method ofhandling produce is unnecessarily expensive and cumbersome."Our plans will go right ahead assoon as we get a new location."HYPNOTIZED; NOW A THIEFYoung Woman Makes Strange Confession to Police of SeattleAfter Arrest.Seattle, Wash. Asserting that shewas under the hypnotic influence of aman when she committed a crime ofwhich she is accused here, Miss Emma Williams, alias Pearl Turner, 18years old, confessed that she had committed twelve robberies in Vancouver,B. C, and seven in Seattle. The woman, according to the police, who toldof her confession, said that the manwould suggest to her that she obtainemployment as a domestic and theninfluenced her to steal from her employers. CO-ED FLOORS HOLD-UP MANUniversity of Nebraska Young WomanLands on Bandit's Jaw andSends for Police.Lincoln, Neb. When a Universityof Nebraska young woman was returning to her home from a visit toa classmate, she -was stopped by ahold-up man and a demand made forher money and jewels.She did not scream or run, but landed squarely on the bandit's jaw,knocking him down. She then ran toa house a block away and called thepolice.Worn Out, NervousTirsTona Vita Builds Up Mind andBody in a Few Weeks.Are you tired all the time? ,Arayou weak, nervous and depressed? Isyour ambition cone and your minddull? gssgDo you know what to do? Gostraight to vour druggist and get abottle of Tona Vita, the National Tonic. Physicians are recommending iteverywhere. It is building up rundown people by the thousands in allparts of the country.After you have taken Tona'Vita oneweek, weigh yourself, then you willknow why it is is recognized as' thebest tonic and flesh builder ever soldto-the public.You can get Tona Vita at Chis.' E.Butler oCo.a. drug store. r' &andQepre, You judge a man not by whatTfhepromises to do, but by what he- hasdone. This is the only true test.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy judgedby this standard has no puperior. PpoDle every whera speak of it in the highest terms of.praiie. For sale by alldealers.The SanitaryWith all the latest devicesinstalled in my shop to makeit absolutely sanitary andclean, including a PatentTowel Sterlizer, IndividualCups, Soap, etc., I believe wehave the most modern shopin Paris. We have just installed a new Porcelain Tuband an up-to-date Bathroom.Hot water at all times. ThreeBarbers, all experts. Wewould like to have yourtrade. I take this method ofsoliciting it. Is there a reason why we should not receive it? Respectfully,pery cent, wo to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheapslde. Lexington, Ky.LiQuid Poultry Remedy2Sc"Saves the Sick"For Gape9, While Diartheoa, Roup, Limberneck and all Poultrydiseases. No Cure NoPay, It work9 whilethey roost.PCV Liquid LiceSVGrV Killer 25c.Has no "equal" as alice, rniteaud germ killer. Best wash for allsores and cuts on allstock. Finest disinfec-Gir--$72 - -3 tant for house, stabledog kennel and hen house. tBY MAIL 30c'THE REX CHEMICAL CO., Newport, Ky.'SOLD BYVarden & Son, L A. Soper, Little Rock,D. E. Clark & Co., Millersburg, Ky.(tollof June)Season 1913intons23489Dark bay horse, 16 hans high, weighs1,200 lbs.By Simmons Boy 17517, sire of Silver Simmons 2:16, Simmonette 2:19,etc.1st dam Brilliante, by Wilkes Boy2:24K, sire of Courier-Journal 2:06,Judge Swing 2:08, York Boy 2:08and nearly 100 others in 2:30 list.2nd dam Grace Ashland by AshlandChief 751, son of Mambrino Chief II.3rd dam Pong by Old Pilot.4th dam Meg by Boston, (thorough.bred.) TAYLOR SIMMONS will make theseason of 1913 at my stables in Paris,on High street, near 2nd street, at$15 to InsureThe ideal carriage horse is theAmerican trotting bred horse, withsize, speed, courage, and the truetrotting gait, with plenty of knee andhock action. In addition he musthave a clean cut head and neck, styleand finish, plenty of substance without coarseness.Recognizing the demand for thisclass of horses, I selected Taylor Simmons 23489, a young hoT-se which fillsall the requirements of the typicalcarriage horse. If the theory that"like begets like" be true, he willproduce horses of this type whenmated with good mares. Through hisveins flow the blood of the greatesttrotting families. He traces twice toGeorge Wilkes and five times to JVlambrino Chief II. This is backed by thestout thoroughbred blood of Boston.A few of the fancy priced onessired by Taylor Simmons: Thendara,winner in the walkr-trot class at theBlue Grass Fair m 1907, LouisvilleHorse Show and in the Bast, sold byCol. C. L. Railey for 2,500; AlleenPowers, sold to Godfrey Priest, ofNew York, for $1,000 ; Little Nath,sold for $500 to Eastern parties. Hisget are always commanding the pricethat pay a man to raise good stock.Lien retained on colts until seasonmoney is paid.Imp. Joe IIPure Bred Shetland Stallion.Imp. Joe II, sorrel and white, ree-1istered at Port Huron, August 28,19U5, No. vol. 14, page 3. Sire Jim,No. 292 ; dam Banbsy, No. 1410. Asure foal getter.10 TO INSTJSE A LIVING COLTTorn MackThe celebrated J James E. Clay Jack,will make the' season at Murphy'sYards. Tom Mack is the best breederof mules that ever stood in the county.$12 TO INSTOE LIVING COLT$20 JENNETM. J. MURPHY,L Paris. Kv.hop!Ross Corbie.FM11!caylor Si?S "; -t, ,-ttECZEMAwHYou who are suffering the torturs of Eczema, Itch, Salt Rheum or otherskin diseases you -whose days aretaiserable, whose nights are made sleepless by the fernble itching; burning pains, let me send you a trial of a soothiug, "healing treatment which has cured hundreds, which I believe .will cureyou. i win sena it iree, postage paia, wunout any oongation on your part.Just'fill the coupon below and mail it to me, or write me, giving your name, age and address.I will send the treatment free of cost to you. .jaKjMcsMnaam aca na bib kCUT AND MAIL TO DAY" m am MB an aaui m.J. C. MUTZELL, I23 West Main St., Fort Wayne, lnd.Please send without cost or obligation to me your Free Proof Treatment. ' - "Name , 4 AgePost Offlco -State .'."...Street and No.... t .... ..WjiiBjflBPWWyrwmmyA Profitable jInvestment vHouses not wired for electricnot in the "all modern improvements"class.Tenants taboo them as being inconvenient,uneconomical and unfashionable.Landlords find them hardsell and expensive to insure. NYour friends and neighbors who own, buy, sell orrent houses, will substantiate these facts. Eliminatethese drawbacks by having your houses wired.iWe do!M and on5f"i3"'SNJi&i'WS easy terms.yjeSflPf Paris Gas &TS3 i! Electric Co., Inc. C!"We're Now Showing Our Full Line ofSPRING MODELS!In the CelebratedSehloss Bros. & Co.High-Class Men's Suits. ')They Represent the New Norfolks, the New English Cutand the Conservative Models, all Beautifully ;Tailored. Prices ranging from $35 to $35JUST IKTOur complete line of Emerson Shoes, Hawes Van Gal HatsStetson Hats, Lion ShirtsTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'TVL. Wollstein, Proprietor.W. N. Barkley Mrs. W. N. BarkleyWoman's Exchange & Xafe112 N. Upper Street,Lexington9 KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allhours with the best the market affords.(28mar6mo)TNE . LEXINGTON HOTEL,OppiThe LclandEUROPEAN PLAN,Lexington, Ky.Reasonable Rates,Everything New andUp-to-Date.t .Convenient to Gar, 'LineJ. C. HctszH. X. P.service areto rent, difficult tothe work at moderate costeasy terms.New Art Stored, rI have opened an Art , yStore next to Mrs. M. A.Paton. New and fresh1stock of all kinds offancy workEmbroidery,Pillow Cases,Towels, - . vUnderwear,Waists. Etc. 1Novelties of all KindsStamping Done on ShortNotice Everythingguaranteed to be thebests :::::::imr$. 01. BoardNotice .to CreditorsNotice is hereby given tbat all persons having: claims against the estajpof H. G. Hopkins, deceased, must present them properly proven accordic:to law to the undersigned adrainistrators not later than April 1, 1913. AILpersons owing the estate.of H. G. Hop"-Kins, aeceaseu, ate uutiutju tu se vsmundersigned for settlement.D. w. estil. , -J? H. HOPKINS, TAdministrator Ea. H. G. BflpkUaJta-. - -xJ.fr'fMu,IV:(4Mm3n.1'$i"aif1st I555B5K18I8SrrwimMmtt..-liM , ,- ,-.,. . .,.., ,.,,m.-, i U Jl 1 1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; BOURBON COUNTY, KY., MARCH 28,1913HUlMMbMiaMiiPARIS GRANDFRIDAY ANDSATURDAY,Ml ARCH 28 & 29wi BLfcSiIERINCLEOPATRADIRECTION ANDMANAGEMENT OF CHARLES L. GASKILL.THE GREATEST MOTfON PICTURE EVER MADE!yThis motion picture is the largest and most superb dramatic expression of the motion-picture art ever achieved, It' is distinctly in a cla5S to itself. Nearly three miles of film was employed in the work of production, and out of this was selected the one mile of film which consititutes the completed pic- njAAA J A AMJ Aflhire. The actual cost of the entire production was forty-five thousand dollars. II lUCdi III cHlli fcUv35STPWS?vts&?Fj?rM's'i3LAll Thewest and Best in Artistic Interior DetentionsWHEN YOU WANTWALLJL xm MLCOME TO A WALL PAPER STORE.WE HANDLE ALL GRADES FROM THE CHEAPEST TO THE BEST AT PRICES THAT DEFYCOMPETITION.JDON'T FORGET THE PLACE R,0 CSS&53K33&, flHKB $ leggj HaiMBV JJ,Jl JJ424 MAIN ST., PARIS, KY.Negro Fatally Shot.. S2m Johnson, a negro, shot'and Drobably fatally.jvounded George Stewart,another negro, in Cynchians, Wecnesday altcinoon, two shots penetratingths kidney a. Stewart is alleged tohave given evidence that caused thearrest of Johnson by a United StatesMarshal on Monday, the 17. for alleged bootlegging. Johnson was takento Covington where he was releaseden bond. Ccming back to Cvnthiana,he is alleged to have hunted up Stewart, the hooting following.John. on and his wife were arrested.for killing a negro from Indianapolisabout two years ago, but were freedon the plea of self defense. Johnsongave himself up to the'police and waslodged in the county jail.Gov. Beckham Returns fromFlorida.Ex-Gov. J. C. W. Beckham, candidate for the Democratic nominationfor United States Senator, who hasbeen spending several months in Florida, accompanied by Mrs. Beckham,returned yesterday to Kentucky. Thereturn of Gov. Beckham to Kentucky,it is expected, will be the signal.4 fortne opening in earnest of the senatorial campaign.,STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.W. A. Thomason,rof near North Middletown, bought last week in Montgomery county, a pair of mules at5450. "H. S. Caywood, of near NorthMiddletown, purchased last week fromHarri Howard, of Morgan county, 52head of 1,450 pound cattle at a privateprice.Owners of stallions and jacks arenotified that it is important that theysecure a license before standing theirstock. A penalty of twenty per centis provided tor owners whoviolpte thislaw. Licenses can be secured at theoffice of County Clerk Pearce Paton.Thomas McClintock, of Millersburg, bought a pair of mules frumHughes Atkinson, of Montgomerycounty, at $400. Mr. McClintock alsobought a pair of muleo from HenryHopkins, of the same county, at $400.Sale.Do like your neighbor if you arehot ready to have furniture, camcts,rugs'or cook stove sent out, come inand have them set aside. Take .advantage of the remodeling sale prices,tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.IootwearSatisfaction !1Injuries Prove FatalThe unknown white man' who wasfound near the L. & N. track with hisskull broken near Winchester Sunday,died at the Richmond hospital Wednesday without gaining consciousness.While the man was in a semi-consciousstate Dr. Sherley. of Winchester, gathered that be might bo ScottWatson, from somewhere in Pennsylvania. The body will be kept at Oldham & Lackey's undertaking .'establishment in Richmond for several dayspending identification.New Insurance Rates Lower1 Basing his psiimnto on o o.,-. reduction in maurance rates on ritvand town dwellings of 17 per centand on farm property of 20 per centChairman Ruby Laffoon, of the StateInsurance RatingjBoard Wednesday declared his belief that the new ratessubstituted for the December schedulein settlement of the injunctions by theinsurance companies, will effect a saving to the policyholders of the State ofbetween 240,0Q0 and $275,000 annually.ySheep Claims Pro Rated.Assured When You Buy Your SpringShoes at Our StoreiYOUR DOLLARhas a greater purchasing power here than atany other place.When you buy here you are sure of gettingmore far your money. We give better values,better quality, better style, better fit.Ia Fact, Everything That Could Be DesiredSATISFIED CUSTOMSi? xm.1 lofv I ( -i - 'j-It mCome now. romp rarh. spp mm chnpc k- 7 - -y J www vui kJllVVO Lfore buying. You are always welcome.We have now on sale some exceptionallygreat values in Misses' and Children's HighGrade Shoes and Oxfords for early Springwear.Bto Insure IEL i 3 I IsBourbon county farmers who lostsheep from being killed bv dogs w illreceive only about twenty-five per centof the appraised value of th 'ir losses.During the year 1912 the losses sustained by the farmers of this countyamounted to the Fum of $3,350.50which was approved byj the FiscalCourt and referred to the auditor ofpublic claims. The amount of dogtax paid into the State Treasury byBourbon county for last year, andwhich was for the purpose of ! meeting'the loss, was prorated at a fraction Iover 25 per cent and the State Auditor forwarded, to County Clerk PearcePaton the sum of $995.52, which willbe distributed among those who haveclaims.The Only One In Town.When you buy wa'J paperswall paper house. We "areone in Paris.25 2t BUKLAND'S.go to athe onlyDieting on Aged Hen Fruit. .Age is no detriment to Kansas egp:aaccording to Dr. S. J. Crumbine. fdeanof the University Kansas School ofMedicine, and secretary of the StateBoard of Health, who Saturday starteda series of tests in an effort to provethat his theory ia correct. A squad ofmen for ten daya will be fed eggs twoyears old. The aged cold storageproduct will be served raw to the meneach day with their mats and carefulrecords will be made of their rmysicalcondition during the tests., TO, " Vjm3 y S Hj1CONSTANT.EXERCISE -WILLMAKEYOOSTRONGCONSTANT 4DEPOSITS INour Bankwill make .:',YOU ,RICH !DO YOU jWANT TOGROW OLDAND FEEBLEAND BE WITHOUTMONEY IN THEBank ?ec,5The boy who builds a fine -physique in his youth willhave a strong constitution to fall back upon in his OLD AGEHe won't be so liable to contract disease; he will have theSTRENGTH to fight it off. The same with BANKINGYOUR MONEY. Build a FINANnTAT. nnMQTiTrr.for the years to come.Make OUR bank YOUR bank.We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PAMfef.tf-I1nir"AnSirpJ, 40,000.00,CrK. THOMAS, CAHiji;J. M. HALL, President.fCapital, $100,000.00.