OURBON Nr41rPUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN" THE YEARVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPT. 9, 1913.FOUR HURT IN ACCIDENTr-ITHEEWSrm&jii. .- ,-. iIced TeaCoastei sWith Cut StarBottoms$3-oo per DozenIced Tea Spoons$1.00 Set of Six.'MACHINE DRIVEN BY MT. OLIVETMAN PLUNGES INTO FENCEWHEN HE LOSES CONTROL OF WHEEL.AGED MAN SUFFERS ABROKEN COLLAR BONE.INJURED MEN ARE BROUGHT TO'PARIS AND ATTENDEDONE IS IN HOSPITAL.HIPounds the"DesiEastern Sugar $1.00With a $3.00 Purchase.Old Reliable Coffee, Per Pound.-.--.- --30cSilver Sea Coffee, Per Pound .... 30cMayflower Coffee, Per Pound.... 30cBulk Coffees, Per Pound, 20c, 25c -.and 30cTry this 20c Coffee it is the same as youhave been paying 25c for.Pink Salmon, Per Can -10cRed Salmon, two Cans 25cThe Best Red Salmon, Per Can 20cPure Cider Vinegar, Per Gallon -30cThese are just a few of the many things that- we can save you money on. Call and let usfigure with you for your winter supply ofGROCERI ESbefore they advance. CASH always getsthe best for the least money.Stone's Wrapped Cakesreceived fresh every day."WE KNOW HOW"There is No MysteryIn This FactI. Li. LLIllllAn. IJFour person Were injured, none ofthem fatally; in an automobile accident, which occurred about one milefrom this city shortly after noon yesterday, and as a result Mr. S. T. Stewart, a prominent business man of Mt.Olivet, Ky., is at the Massie Hospital,suffering with a dislocated shoulderand a broken shoulder blade.The entire party, composed ofMessrs. Stewart, Samuel Throckmorton, R. D. Curtis and Walter Linville, was from Mt. Olivet and making the trip through to Lexington inthe automobile of the latter, which isa Ford car.They came to Paris yesterday morning, arriving here about twelve o'clockand taking dinner, proceeded ontheir trip to Lexington. At the Adairbridge over Houston creek, about onemile from the city limits, Linville,who was driving the car, attempted tofasten a surtain on the car as a pro-,tection against the threatening rain.He was running the car at a moderate rate of speed when suddenly helost control of the machine, whichplunged into the fence across theroad.The occupants were thrown out, !but with not with great force. Mr.Stewart, who is about sixty-five yearsold, suffered the most severe injuries. His right shoulder was dislocated and the shoulder blade of theleft was broken. Mr. Throckmorton,who is the county clerk of Robertsoncounty, was cut and bruised in anumber of places and the other members of the party suffered only slightbruises from the impact.Physicians Hvere summoned fromthis city, Drs. Kenney and Rankin responding to the call, and the injuredwen were brought to Paris. Mr.Stewart was taken to the MassieHospital, where the natlre of his injuries was determined, and he was given immediate attention. Last nighthe was reported to be doing as wellas could be expected, although he wassuffering considerably.The other members of the party.who suffered comparatively slight injuries, were able to return home lastnight.The automobile, which was theproperty of Mr. Linville, who is a son-in-lawof Mr. Stewart, was badly 'damaged and was brought to the garage'of the Craig-Davis Motor Co., yesterday afternoon for repairs.All of the men figuring in the accident are prominent in Robertsoncounty, Mr. Curtis being a representative of the American Tobacco Co. inMt. Olivet, while Mr. Linville is engaged in business in that city.Mr. and Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr.,returned last night after a two weeks'trip to New York and other Easternpoints.ACCEPTS POSITION WITHPARIS GAS COMPANYCash Grocery.HMMHBMOMMi.mmmmmmmmMJMmmimKif&itstigiin83rasMtfBKKWHrajJLSSixm5kFALL HATSSoft and Stiff Hats all the latestColors and Shapes. The best Hatin the United States forf$.THAT Season after SeasonYear after Year our Customers Return to usfor their Clothes. Itsimply goes to prove first thatour customers are discriminating judges of value and securedthat the clothes we sell in everyway meet the standard thatour customers set.Fall Hats ,Now On DisplayWe are shoning all the newshapes, shades and kinds.9Copyright. 1913.Muiptlx &trrn & Co.sIMitcheK & Blakemore,Outfitters to IVIenParis, KentuckyfmmCmsS aLnuiuiimiiiiiiiiiumimwiiiiiiimiiiiimiiimuim:n -ms.:iiiiii;iiij;7i!.jJuu!ii!ii!i)Miii!iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijjira3d55W Bi iFRANK & CO, The Store Where Reliability Reigns.AMr. J. H. Hughes, of Winchester,has accepted a position with the Paris Gas & Electric Co., and has assumed his new position. Mr. Hughesis an expert gas (man and will havecharge of the estimating departmentof the local company in the installation of natural gas.BURGLARS ENTER HOMEAND MAKE RICH HAULmS3SOBurglars entered the residence ofMr. Richard Brown, on South Mainstreet Friday night and secured $80in cash. The intruder entered byway of an open door, and went to thebedside of Mr. Brown, located histrousers and abstracted $30. A closetwas then ransacked, and $45 in cashplaced there by Mrs. Brown was taken, and $5 in cash was also takenfrom a boarder. It seems from thequick methods that the culprit wasevidently acquainted with the houseand the hiding place of the money.-ys&EXTRA SPECIALREDUCTIONSSZiy SPMR. PERCY REEDMAKES A BIG HIT.mFALL SHIRTS.The fountain at $1.00 and thePrice Shirt at $ 1 .50.boys' School Shirts andBlouse Waistsso8ON ALL!mkPRI6k&6G.6IOSHi6rSand FurnishersS&MLSS&SS&jBWWMWWwmWtriiMmm t 7v- t - -From the crowds that packed theColumbia Thatre yesterday afternoon and night to hear Mr. Reedsing, it is forgone conclusion thathe is the idol of the theatre-goers ofParis, who love to hear a good singer.Mr. Reed has just returned from theSouth where he finished a twentytwo weeks' engagement at the Majestic Theatre in Memphis, Tenn., whichis one of the largest and finest moving picture theatres in the South,having a seating capacity close totwo thousand. "" ' vThe Columbia Theatre, as well asthe Paris people in general, are tobe congratulated on having such abaritone singer again' in their midstand many comments were heard yesterday on his singing and all haveagreed that his voice is stronger andstill has that meoldious sweetness,the kind that no one but Mr. Reedcan put into -words. He will continueto sing at this popular theatre andit certainly is a treat to hear himagain in Paris. "i -READYT0WEARGARMENTSFor Summer Wear- iiPRANK & CO !ihwhu i HLiriMiiiii I it mmumm J wiiiihiiiii w iu imii Hiiimimmi nun mmmh i hem h wirjuimiimnn i i ummm mm mimr Maul &,mm MfflmmwmmmmmmmMMmAxHMMMlpMUMIMUMSllMainallwaaBHMBSSHBStti i i i myf iV"yan MIiM"EV i.iMy inpuwjfmmi i"Mj win wlHnrtitfN"" WMI E'W ! WMM ttw MHWMWjt rr vftIvVx-"$&,-"-ji -'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1913 ;CALL OFOLD OCEANEver Felt -Since Pharaoh's Daughter's Famed Trip."TiBS&.riSSU1 ' '.i1. iiu,aimmigllllliIt is the right of everyone to live and enjoy the cheerful life. viait to ourselves and those who live wuh xl to live the cheerful Uf ?ecannot do so if ill health takes hold of us. -eeui life. We,Thf VTife, mother and daughter suffering from hot flashes, nervouaneheadacoa backache, draginjj-down feeling or any other weakness due to diSfT?t,SK,Eo2Lthe dehcute ffcmaie ore'ias-i3 EOt onya hSg77icrc a remedy. Forty years experience has proven unmistatablj tfcatFavorite prescriptionETTOJRomantic Events Have OccurredWhen Beauty Bathed as EveryoneDoes Now Resume of Seashore Fun of Many Places.- sirl'fi11?hBourbonDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetW SBiBourbontParis Kentucky.Chance for Missionaries.A. missionary stationed in a land"where th natives were cannibals"wrote for assistance as follows: "Oursnail force of brethren seems to beunable to cope with the distresswhich prevails in this dark and benighted land. Many of the natives arestarving for food. Please send a fewmore missionaries."Kentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky fairs in 19133 far as reported: .""BwfngTAug. 21 3 days.Eminence, Aug. 21 3 days.Mlzabethtown, Aug. 26 3 days.Shelbyville, Aug. 26 i days.London, Aug. 26 i days.Kicholasville, Aug. 26 3 days.Florence, Aug. 27 4 days.Jermantown, Aug. 27 i days.Alexandria, Sept. 2 3 days.Fulton, Sept. 2 5 days.Frankfort, Sept. 2 i days..Somerset, Sept. 2 4 days.Bardstown, Sept. 3 I days.Barb ours ville, Sept. 3 3 days."Tompkinsvihe. Sept. 3 i days.Franklin. Sep- 43 days.HodgenviiV. evi. 9 3 days.Montifcello, Sep. 9 days.Morgantown Sept. 11 3 days,;Is Easy to Have, NaturalColored and BeautifulSo many women have grey or fadedhair; neglect it until it becomes thin,dry and lifelessx begins to fall out and- -Makes them appear much older thanthey really are. If your hair is intbis condition get a bottle of Hay'sHair Health today. Don't wait untilsome one says how much older youlook. You'll be delighted at theresults from even one or two applications. The grey hairs gradually dis. i-par and your hair will become fullof Hie and vitality. No one can tell'that you are using it It's not a dyeUit a nice, clou preparation that- r"irv iTirl effectively keeps your greyliai- durk, flossy and natural coloreduiH thai all druccists guarantee satia.:cliry or refund your money. Alvys ask for Hay's Hair Health. ItFiee: SSprn this adv. and take it to the'following dnigjts and get a 50c. botMe of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap. for 50c; or 1.00, bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two1Joe. cakps of Harfina Smp Free, for L.L. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.r First-Class Workmen.Potte and Prompt Attentionto All. IHot and Cold BathsWe Thank You ForJaJShare ofYour Patronage. ,3At '1FfflilG HI. FOR UNLaundryWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fov fine work and itdever goes buck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateety&fiffaLaundry,ASIrreverent Youth.The curate was learning to ride abicycle, and in a misplaced fit of zealset off on his own. He thought hecould manage by himself, so starteddownhill in a somewhat wobbly manner. The road was wet and muddy,and it was not long before the machine had skidded and the curate wasfloundering in the mud. A youthfulmember of the Sunday school watchedthe catastrophe with evident pleasure. "Here endeth the first lesson,"he chortled. London Tit-Bits.Childish Constancy.If only we realized it, if only we cultivated it more, we could see withclear-eyed vision that all of a child'soriginal nature breathes constancy. Itis an essential strength of the undented child's nature to be constant. Notuntil our own false examples have attacked the natural purity of the childdoes it become inconstant unreliable.Harriet Beecher Stowe.Bombay an Island City.Bombay, the capital of the Bombaypresidency and the principal seaportof western India, is an island whichforms a low-lying plain about 11miles long by three to four milesbroad. Two parallel ridges of lowhills flank the island; the larger ridgeprotects the harbor, the other terminates in Malabar hill, on which standsthe famous Hindu temple of Walkeshwar, to which pilgrims resort fromall parts of India. The city covers 23square miles and has 979,445 population. Her Dilemma.Mrs. Newedd (excitedly) "Oh,! John, dear, please hurry and send offa telegram for me." Newedd "What'sthe matter?" Mrs. Newedd "Why,j I'm taking a correspondence course Incookine and the cake I made is run-j ning all over the oven. I want to, telegraph them quick to find out whatto do." Boston Evening Transcript.j She Caught It.Sarah, the new maid, was unused to' city ways. One day soon after herarrival her mistress noticed a pail! hanging from the gas bracket in the, hall. Suspecting the country girl, she' called Sarah and asked what it allmeant. "Well, you see, ma'am," re, plied Sarah, "the master said the gas'was leaking, so I put up the pail to1 catch it."Gastronomic Feat.My niece, aged four years, saw hergrandmother take some medicine con-tained in an unusually large capsule."When the feat had been accomplishedthe astonished child ran to me withthe exclamation: "O aunty, grandmaswallowed her medicine bottle andall." Exchange.Mourned His Lost Youth.In the ground of Sketty hall, nearSwansea, Wales, the residence of thelate Mr. Glyn Vivian, is a large, grassentwined gravestone which is probably unique. It was erected by Mr.Vivian himself to the memory of hislost youth, and on it are inscribedsome pathetic lamentations in elegantverse.Just "Between You and I."She Why, her and me were the bestof friends before him and her met. O!course, this is between you and me.London Punch..New York. It was some years agothat "Pharaoh's daughter went downto the water," or, to speak by TheBook, "came down to wash herselfat the river; and her maidens walkedalong by the river's side." It is alsorelated that she found the infant,Moses. But that is another story.The fact that she went down to oldNile to bathe is what at this momentdraws one to her, especially one whohas traversed old Cairo, ferried overto the Island of Roda, walked throughthe quaint garden which belongs tothe heirs of HaSsan Pasha, and atlength climbed down to the very placewhere this great princess found Isreal's lawgiver-to-be in the marshes.As a matter of fact, many romanticthings have occurred when beautywas bathing or preparing to bathe.Actaeon thus came upon Diana in thecave of her valley inclosed with cypresses and pines. Let us hope hestrayed there by accident, lest the listof known Peeping Toms be longerthan it is.At any rate, we bathe.Better yet, the surf grows more enjoyable every day till the end of summer. To be sure it is always wet andspacious, but it is not always warm.The later in the summer the warmerthe water.The fact that bathing is delightfulis proven by the avidity with whichboth the well and the ailing take tothe surf. Even in dainty economicalJapan the people hie themselves tothe numerous bathing places, the hotsprings being especially in favor.Australia is bathing mad. Childrenthere learn to swim as surely as theylearn to spell if not surer. All downour Pacific coast bathing is one of the jgreatest delights. And all over Europe sea bathing is indulged in whenever possible. Along the Mediterranean winter and spring travelers arelikely to go in, but, if Americans, theyPersistent Call of Old Ocean.are disappointed, missing the greatcrowds and the beach idling of ourgreat New Jersey resorts. At homepublicity is the keynote of our surfbathing; at most foreign resorts it isquite the reverse.Some of the gay French and Belgian resorts rather manage to combine the two sorts. They retain theirbathing machines but a crowd lingersin close proximity and bathers, uponemerging from thtir machines, are notaverse to being cccosted by friendsin ordinary attire.A bathing machine, as everybodyknows, is a little bathhouse on wheels.A horse usually serves to pull it highand dry away from the waves whenthe bather has emerged from her dipand climbed the few steps up to thedoor.The English shudder at the idea ofour mixed bathing and surely we areprivileged to smilti at some of theircustoms. On a certain warm day inBrighton, not so many years ago, onesaw just how this modesty workedI out. The few who had taken machines were uninteresting, semi-invalidold ladies and children. Thenalong cime a buxom creature whohaving arranged for a bath climbedaboard and was presently' no doubtdisrobing. Every Johnnie who hadseen her enter lingered and yet others, scenting free entertainment,joined the waiting list. The machinewas now down with the front wheelsin the water and as it was about timefor the "vision" to appear these loversof beauty drew closer and closer, nota few perching on the wheels as ifto get a better view.The door opened-The "vision" modestly held the frontof her so-called bathing suit in herhand as she stepped gingerly downuntil she could grasp the rope, for thebeach is so steep that a bather is inup to the waist a few feet from thesand. Then the suit had it all itsown way, and it ballooned and careened to the limit and then some. Itwas of a nice, warm red and cut likea very broad-necked old-fashionedchemise, with the lower part caughttogether for a few inches. This wasa great advantage, as otherwise, itmight simply have blown over thebather's Jiead and far away, givingsome uoor shark a. terrihlo rnlfr- VP". . -- .QUALITIES OF THE KARAKULBelongs to Long-Wool Family FromWhich All Broadtail VarietiesDescend Is Hardy.(By C. C. YOUNG.)The Arabi or Karakul sheep has itsorigin in the Khanate of Bokhara,central Asia, and belongs to the longwool family from which all broadtailvarieties descend. For centuries Arabi bucks have been smuggled intoAfghanistan, Persia, Turkestan, China,Palestine, Syria, Asia Minor and Egyptand because of the ignorance of thenative who seem to have no conception of proper breeding have beencrossed with native sheep of the longwool, short-wool and hairy classes,which in all of those countries belongto the most inferior type of domesticsheep imaginable. Were it not forthe fact that the Arabi strain wasfrom time to time injected into thenative sheep of the above-named coun-Yearling Full-Blood Karakul Ewe.tries, their sheep industry today wouldr.mount to absolutely nothing. As theArabi is essentially a desert animal,and able to withstand any amount ofhardship, evidently not minding theintense heat in the summer nor thesevere cold in the winter, often goingdays without food and water, it canreadily be seen why the people livingin the arid countries of central Asiafound it advantageous to cross theirnative sheep with the Arabi, which isthe heaviest sheep known. The barren,semi-mountainous country of Bokharain which the Arabi thrives certainlydoes not show much evidence of grass,except here and there in the small valleys, and nature has made it possiblefor this animal to store in a short timelarge quanities of fat in its immensetail, weighing from 25 to 50 pounds,upon which it draws for sustenancewhen necessity demands it, and theseproperties are in a large measuretransmitted to the offspring resultingfrom crossing the Arabi with the native sheep. One has to eat the muttonof the Arabi but once to realize that ishas absolutely no "sheepy" taste, butpossesses a delicious and very appetizing flavor.DANGEROUS FEED FOR SWINEWhenever Man Begins to Give HogsGarbage From Hotels He MustExpect Cholera Outbreak.I know of one case where a manwho had been feeding hotel refuseheld a public sale and disposed of anumber of hogs, says a writer in theSwine Herd. Soon after that I wasasked to determine the cause of de'athin three different hog lots on as manywidely separated farms. In each casethere was no history of their havingbeen fed on garbage, but each ownerhad purchased hogs at the above sale,which to me, was significantJust why hotel and restaurantrefuse should contain the choleragerm I do not wish to risk a statement, although there are several apparently reasonable explanations, butthis I do know, that practically all thehog cholera that has come under myobservation is easily traceable to garbage feeding. In this respect, for thesake of fairness, let me say that thegarbage-feg hogs near large citiesusually do not spread the disease,since practically all of them go forimmediate slaughter, but around thesmaller towns these swill-fed hogsfrequently serve as centers of Infection for a considerable area.In conclusion, then, whenever a mancommences to feed garbage to hogs hemust expect, sooner or later, to havean outbreak of cholera, and, secondly,he should never, under any circumstances, dispose of any hogs exceptfor immediate slaughter.Feed for Sow and Pigs.A good feed for both sow and pigsis a mixture of corn, shorts, oil mealand tankage. Keep them on a goodpasture of leguminous crop, such asalfalfa or clover. If the pasture is notavailable, alfalfa hay may be fed, forthe hogs will relish it in summer aswell as in winter.Best Market for Corn.High-priced corn adds considerablyto the cost of pork; but at the pricesthat have been prevailing the hogpen is the best market there is forcorn.Persistent Nuisance.The cow that is a persistent fencebreaker is a nuisance,cand ought to.beextraordinarily good to induce herowner to put up with her jranksrreepint nf m.nt rZ2Z:Buffalo, N. y: " ,"' " UQres3 v- ", M. DJOr. Pierce's Pleasant PeHeSs rcsulats and Invigoratestomach liver and bowcZs, 3crSar-coatad, S2ny gremnleiftJWGP ,Hot FactsPIf you have been a, housekeeper any lengthof time you have probably tried different kindsof COAL And after all kinds of experiences and complaints you know there is justone kind of FUEL that gives absolute satisfaction always, that is Fox RidgeCoal. Remember you cannot order tooearly to avoid the high priees.Dodson & DentonThe'Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Both Phones1 40LitiKaBVsP?&22231Mia, vtii1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for bdoklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.GREATTORNADO SiTO -Twin Bios. DepartmCorner Seventh and Main Sts.Dry Goods, Ladies' and Misses' Skirts, Waists, Shoes andMillinery, Slightly Soiled; Big Bargains.f SSSV III iLi BS SI rWhat could be better for town or country buildings than a roofingthat wont bunr-won t leak that is lightning proof lasts as longas the building itself, and never needs repairs?Cortright Metal Shingles meet every one of these requirements.- Beware of imitations-None genuine without the words "CortrightReg. U. S. Pat Off." stamped on each shingle. .For Sale by ' v x JBest & Hawkins, Millerabuoft Ky.:,'" 1 r ' " 1? '"".""WSiator 'led xiAbout Fuel!mASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Tel Jephone works for him. He will reply:DAYATAk m Jm fcBBBBBBBStvTiftzkZjM ShM etoiernmiwiKMB iimwiI' Business Men Deplore Suits.At a meeting of the Lexington Commercial Club the following resolutionswere adopted:"Whereas, it has heen Drought tothe attention of the Board of Directorsof the Lexington Commercial Club,that the tobacco interests of this cityand State are again jeopardized byfurther harassing and embarrassinglitigation having been instituted byrevenue agents against the Burley Tobacco Society, and"Whereas, the tobacco interest ofLexington and the Burley tobacco dlstrict is one of the greatest of our industrial, commercial and financial assets, an interest and a business whichdirectly affects 40,000 farmlrs who,with their families, number approximately 200,000 of our citizens, and,"Whereas, one of the main wheelsand factors in this great commercial,industrial and financial tobacco enterprise, has been and is now the organization known as the Burley TobaccoSociety, whose efforts in behalf of thefarmers should be appreciated by every business man, and the benefits resulting from those efforts cannot bdisputed or denied, therefore, be itAsk For Dismissal."Resolved, That we deplore thegreat handicap of unnecessary litigation that has for many months hindered and embarassed the laudable efforts of the Burley Tobacco Societyand especially do we regret the further annoyance and embarrassment ofthis company by the prosecution ofnumerous suits by the revenue agents,in this and other counties, and for thegood of a vast number of farmersand other interests of the State wehope and trust that the State andcounty officials will see their way clearto dismiss these actions now pendingand that they and others will hereafter refrain from a like class of prosecutions." Tax System Blamed.Discussing the tax system of Kentucky in relation to the litigation inpoint, Editor Desha Breckinridge, ofthe Lexington Herald, says:"Among other innumerable faults ofiMs system, there are none more glaring than the provisions for the appointment and authority given to revenue agents. It became a custom forsome lawyers to make an arrangement with the revenue agents for adivision of the fees allowed for thecollection of back taxes, institutingsuits in the name of the revenue agent,when in fact it was the lawyer whoconceived and executed the purposeto bring the suit. So flagrant becamethe abuses because of the institutionof drag-net suits, which were oftencompromised for amounts only partof which reached the State Treasury,that the last Legislature modified thelaw so as to prevent this abuse.Huge Drag-Net Cast."But there are still glaring evils under the present system, some of whichare revealed by the innumerable suitsinstituted by John Howard, of Middleboro, a revenue agent for the State-at-Large,against the Burley TobaccoSocietv. The asexeeate amount ofproperty, for taxes on which suits fwere brought, is some sixty millionsof dollars, the taxes on which wouldbe some six hundred thousand dollars, with a penalty, which would goto recompose the revenue agent andhis attorneys. The amount sued foris, of course, made so large as to cover all possible contingencies, like adrag-net with which the fishermanhopes to catch everything in the pond.. . . It is most unfortunate for theBurley Tobacco Society, for the burley tobacco growers, for the State andfor the City of Lexington, that thesesuits have been instituted in the wayin which they have been; and mostunfortunate that there is apparentground for the charge that their purpose is not so much to collect theamount of taxes due, if any are due,as to hamper and harass the BurleyTobacco Society.The Just And The Unjust."There are forty thousand membersof the Burley Tobacco Society whopledged their crops of 1911. Many ofthem undoubtedly listed their tobaccofor taxation, as they are required todo by law, it being the duty of theowner of tobacco to list it for taxation. The suits, if successful, wouldrequire tne society to pay out or its igeneral iiniu, uuea uu an me Luuatuuin its possession on the day on whichit was required to he listed, so thatthose who had listed their tobacco fortaxation and paid the taxes would bemulcted, as would also those who hadnot listed their tobacco. There aremembers of the Society who live inIndiana and Ohio who will, if thesesuits are successful, be required tocontribute to pay the taxes collectedin the forty counties of Kentucky, andthe penalty, which would go to therevenue agent and his attorneys."The Burley Tobacco Society hason hand ready for distribution some Ithree hundred thousand dollars It is, Jof course, impossible for it to distribute that amount as long as these suitsare on the docket unsettled."It Seems Curious.""It seems curious that these suitsshould have been instituted againstthe Burley Tobacco Society, an organization formed for the purpose ofaiding the tobacco growers to securea reasonable price for their product,instead of having the American Tobacco Company secure that product jat its own price, when no similar suitshad been previously brought againstthe warehouses of Louisville, in which.JSS!diUUUUW UL kUUUVV.U UlUlU, UU1 CLUJ 1similar suit brought against the DarkTobacco Association, of SouthwesternKentucky, which was organized beforethe Burley Tobacco Society. It isfurther a matter of comment thatJudge Lewis Apperson, of Mt. Sterling, the attorney for the revenueagent, Mr. Howard, who has instituted these suits, has always been arlolent opponent of the Burley TobaccoSociety. Judge Apperson grew a cropof tobacco, which was guarded at public expense, in the cut-out year, andbecause of the pool of 1906 and 1907,and the cut-out, which he vigorouslyopposed and bitterly denounced, soldhis tobacco at a much higher pricethan he would have otherwise beenable to obtain for it. He now appearsas attorney of record for the Staterevenue agent vho institutes suits, theeffect, if not the purpose of which, isto Harass and to hamper the BurleyTobacco Society.ANIMALSFEED NEW CORN GRADUALLYIf Given in Moderation at the StartHogs Will by Degrees GetAccustomed to It.(By R. G. WEATHERSTONE.)Danger lurks in feeding an abundance of new corn. Feeders shouldintroduce new corn gradually by cutting it up and feeding it with otherfeeds and with the pasture crops.If fed moderately at the start hogswill consume both ears and stalksand by degrees get accustomed to thenew feed.By the time the stalks are hardenedthey will be in condition to consumelarger quantities of the grain withsafety and profit. Unless hogs haveplenty of grass and forage crops thechange of feed must be gradual itthey are to escape derangement of digestion and disordered stomachs.It means a little more work to feedsupplemental feeds and old corn withthe new, but the advantages are sogreat that the careful and intelligentfeeder will not neglect that which issafest and promises the best results.Hogs relish new corn and we aremany times tempted to feed them toomuch at the start. At least onemonth's time should be taken to bringhogs from pasture to a full feed ofnew corn.It requires more bushels of newcorn to make the same gain thatsound corn will produce, hence it isadvantageous from both the standpoint of health and profit to feedsome old corn while bringing thehogs to a full feed of the new corn.Some severe losses can be avoided bythe exercise of care and judgmentin feeding new corn to hogs.COMPEL HORSE TO EAT SLOWFeed Manger Arranged So That Animal Must Chew Its Food Properly How It Is Made.I have a horse which when fed inan open manger, eats his feed so rapidly that it is not properly chewedand therefore does him little good.The accompanying cut shows a devicewhich I employ to make him eatslowly, writes Monroe Conklin, Jr., ofAlleghany county, N. Y., in the Farmand Home. The box B is made of fourboards 16 inches long and eight inchesSlow Feed Manger.wide, nailed together so as to form achute having no top or bottom. Thechute is 16 inches high and 6x8 inchesinside.It is set upright in the corner ofthe manger farthest from the horse,and nailed securely in place after being lifted one to three inches fromthe bottom. The feed is poured intoit and works down into the mangeras the horse eats it away from below.What feed the horse cannot reachshould be scraped out before the nextfeed is noured in. otherwise it wouldbecome sour and moldy.RIDDING THE HOGS OF LICEFirst Thing Is to Disinfect Pens, Bedding and Wallow Then Use Powdered Staphisagria.(By E. T. BAKER, Veterinarian. IdahoExperiment Station.)A pig weighing 150 pounds will haveapproximately 12 pints of blood, eachpint containing 7,680 drops, or a littleover 92,000 drops of blood. If a louseaDstracts a drop a day, and the pigis boarding several thousand lice, itis easy to see where the profit goeswhen "hogs don't pay."It is worse than useless to "dope"the pig with "lice killer" without disinfecting pens, bedding and, in thespring, the wallow.First, burn all the loose, dry straw,clean out manure; spray the penfloors, walls, beams, troughs and everycrevice with a ten per cent, solutionof fo-malin or a half-gallon of formalinto five gallons of water. Creolin maybe added to wallow in warm weather,half a pint to a large wallow.Then dust on each pig powderedstaphisagria This will cause the average louse to homestead elsewhere.Feed Clean Grain.Put the grain through the fanningmill before feeding it to the horses.It will not only mean a cleaner,healthier ration for the teams, butthe grain that passes through themwill not be full of noxious weed seedsto be carried to the field with the manure, where they propagate countlessnumbers of weed pests next season.Warming the Calf.If the calf comes on a cold day andvou did not give the cow liberty, to!jck tne baby, the calf may be chilledthrough. Get busy. Rub it dry withhay or cloths and blanket the littlefellow until it quits shivering.(Reminders of the Lorfg Past.Two human skeletons in perfectcondition were unearthed during roadwidening operations near Abergele,North Wales, recently. They wereburied in a trench with other remains.Near the spot are the sites of ancientBritish encampments, and manysevere engagements between the English and the Welsh were fought hardby.Deadly Insult.It was an English ship with an English crew and an American passengerlist. Two stewards were having aheated altercation and pouring forthanathemas upon each other's head,when as a crowning insult one saidto the other, "Aw, you eats just likea passenger." San Francisco Argonaut. Making It Ample.Joel Chandler Harris, the author ofUncle Remus, was at his desk onenight when an old-time reporter looked over and said: "Joe, how do youspell 'graphic'? With one 'f or two?""Well," said the kindly Uncle Remus,who was too gentle to hurt even acommon adjective, "if you are goingto use any, Bill, I guess you mightas well go the limit."Birds Utilize Storms.It had been suggested that birdshabitually make use of atorms in traveling from one part of their range toanother. It is pointed out that if abird cannot find shelter it must bemore comfortable on the wing than onthe ground during a storm, because inthe fiercest gale it flies in a movingmedium, like a swimmer in a stronglyflowing river. Harper's Weekly.ft5 Saved Girl's Life !JJ "I want to tell you what wonderful benefit I have re- 9BJ ceived from the use of Thedford's Black-Draught," writes jJ Mrs. Sylvania Woods, of Clifton Mills, Ky. JJW "It certainly has no equal for la grippe, bad colds, JJB liver and stomach troubles. I firmly believe Black-Draught JrW saved my little girl's life. When she had the measles, JJJ they went' in on her, but one good dose of Thedford's JJJ Black-Draught made them break out, and she has had no jJ5 more trouble. I shall never be without STHEDFORD'Sblack-draughtJ in my home." For constipation, indigestion, headache, dizzi- JJ& ness, malaria, chills and fever, biliousness, and alLsimilar Sa ailments, Thedford's Black-Draught has proved itself a safe, dbt reliable, gentle and valuable remedy. git If you suffer from any of these complaints, try Black-J Draught It is a medicine of known merit Seventy-five ttJ years of splendid success proves its value. Good for Jgl young and old. For sale everywhere. Price 25 cents. 5L. & N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECTNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily134 Lexington. Ky., Daily29710403731233262591383853930832Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ... 7.85 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.40 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.22 amCincinnati, ,0., Dnily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., DaUy 10.24 amLexington, Ky., juaily Except Sunday 12.00 mCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 rmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.33 pmKnoxville. Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily '...x 5.35 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5 50 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,06 DmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 0.50 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.18 pmCincinnati, O., Daily y 10:50 pmTrains IDe-peirtNo. TO34 Cincinnati. O. , Daily 528 am4 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday " ." .535 am29 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O. ; Daily'Except Sunday .7.50 an:10 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.50 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily ......... t !)!d7 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily . 9.55 ara33 Jacksonville, Fla. , Daily . .' ' !io.20'Bam133 Lexington, Ky., Daily ...'. '.'.'.'.'.'.'. .10.29"am6 Maysville; K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 3.h3 pm38 Cincinnati, 0., Daily ".... .3!4q pm9 Rowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday V. ...... .5.5Q pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday J. t ....... .. !5!58 pm32 Cincinnati, O. , Daily .6.23 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -. ."."... .6.20 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ....'...." ,6 35 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily .. .'.'..". "io!o5 pm31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pmJF1 cfe O- iTI3VdCE!-1X13L:BXJEfIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains -A.rrrveNo, FROM2- Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except-Sunda 7 44 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 30 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except; Sunday !!.!.!!!!!!!.. '.5.5Q praTrainsNo.3;7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except jJSunday ; - , 7-44 an1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday " " J Vrc r1 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunv V.V'V,V' "--",' 54 J'Mutual Profit.Parent "Now, what are you goingto charge 'me to cure this 'boy of themeasles?" Physician "Nothing atall, ray dear sir, as it is an originalcase; and you get your 10 per cent,commission for every child thatcatches them from him." Puck.Here Is the HogLexington, Ky.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,Enclosed find photo of hog that wascured of cholera with your BourbonHog Cholera Remedy. This hog wasalmost dead before using the medicineand then was entirely cured, exceptloss of ears, tail, etc. The hog isowned by Mr. Skiles Ewing, of Bawling Green, Ky. He will be glad togive you a testimonial, and we can getseveral more if you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for It.FOR SALE BY W. T. BROOKS.Notice to MerchantsOn and after this date I will not beresponsible for any accounts contracted by other persons in my name unlesssame is made upon a written order,signed by myself.W. M. GILLESPIE,Paris, Ky., Aug. 1, 1913.MAY 4,1913. 5.21 am5.18am3De;pa,rt!TO. POPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY,75cRoundTripSCENIC BEAUTY v OUTDOOR ENJOYMENT V MUSICTickets sold at GEORGETOWN goodApply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen &-.. - .. . -' mriG Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOB AND LICENSED EMBALIEI.BOTH'PHONES DAI 137; NIGHT 399.MMUMUaiMHttUMUMHaMHMaHTwin Bros.' Department Store. 701-703 Main Street, Corner Seventh.See Our Window For$12.50, $15.00 and $18.00 SuitsReduced toJpSJtSJu!These Suits are in the latest styles'and colors and areexcellent values. Take a look at them. - We also' have afull line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts and everything thMen andJBoys wear.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'fL,. WoIIstein, Propri or.Special Rates S Excursions.EucursiorTto Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, Sept 14$1.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 tp. m.Tickets tgoodon special trainLow round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address.W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, TM.PILES! PILESr PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and $1.00.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.'Hoxie" Davis !Ik insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire," Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Calf.' 2 Helios 13775cRoundTriponly on Special Train leaving at 19JS9Crescent Route, for further information.Lv,Cortis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite Attention r ,'Hot and Cold iBaths at AllHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public r Pat'.ronage Solicited.lew Barber ShopWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite'Service.uMEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 12 l-2c for green :beef .hides. Call us ur-.or bring it to 9ur placejMAX MUIMICK,8th Street, PARI', &Call East Tenn. Phone 374 1VS-iWi . r -"!3-:V.vt,?--y c-fr 'r7"' -. . 7.,I rr,1gywwiPiawBagfaai&iTHE BOUfcSOIfvrNEWSt PARIS, KY., ShiI 1RmV 11rl!p ,1 ihJ 2rfli it.11i Iti&ff It$ ft:;l-l 1i;'!l:jviIi!1 rLu) i Mftrr IfrhI'it.81!!fr lThe Bourbon NewsEstablished Feb. 1, 1881WIFT CHAMP,- Editor andPublisher(altered at the Paris Kentucky Postoffice as M&il Matter of the Second01 ass.)SWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice it Paris, Ky.,as mail mattei ,"f the -econd classEstablished 188 1l 30 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on cBndidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mat! erf 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space i a newspaper's stock intrad sourt 3 of revenue.VANSANT TO HEAD THECOMMITTEE THIS YEARState Chairman Rufus H. Vansant"will be chairman of the DemocraticCampaign Committee this year, andhe has appointed on his campaigncommittee June W. Gayle, of Owenton; W. B. White, of Mt. Sterling; J.W. Boston, of Calhoun; and J . K.Wells, of Paintsville. The headquarters will be at Ashland. This was decided by the State Committee atFrankfort Saturday.NEWS OF MILLERSBUFiGMr. John W. Mock is improving.Mrs. W. G. Dailey is improvingnicely.Mr. S. E. Bruce is in Vanceburgon business.Mrs. J. M. Alverson is the guestof her father; Mr. J. G. Allen.Mr. Harry Allen, of Washington,D. O, is the guest of relatives here.Mr. SanfordAUen and family visited friends at Mt. Sterling Sunday.A protracted meeting will beginat -the Christian church on Sunday,Sept 14th.Monroe Hawkins, of Cushion,Okla., is the guest of his brother, Mr.E. C. Hawkins.Mr. Ralph Miller, wife and daughter, of Cincinnati, are guests of Mr.and 'Mrs. M. C. Grimes.- Mr. A. C. Strode, of Chester, Montana, arrived Sunday to visit his wifeand the family of A. C. Ball.Messrs. Tom Smith and EalterHawkins will leave this week to enter Transylvania University.Miss Martha Smith has returnedhome, after a ten-days' visit to MissRuth Morris, at Dover, Ky.Born, Friday, to Mr. and Mrs. A.C. Strode, a son. Mrs. Strode wasformerly Miss Mabel Ball.Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Metcalfe, ofBrooksville, Ky., motored up Sundayand spent the day with TJ. S. G. Pep,per. v Miss Nannie Louise Best has returned home after a two months' visitin New York and other Easternpoints.Mrs. W. V. Shaw has returnedhome after a several weeks' visit to"her mother, Mrs. Harding and family,at Butler.Dr. R. G. Deans and family andMiss Ollie Talbott returned home Saturday after a two months' tour inthe East in their automobile.Mr. John B. Vimont, who hasbeen staying at Crab Orchard SpringsHotel during the season, and Mr.R. M. Caldwell, will arrive homeThursday.SCOTT COUNTY "DRYS"WIN ELECTION SATURDAYGeorgetown went "dry" by a majority of 411 in the county unit election held Saturday in Scott county.This is a largely reduced majorityover that of the last county unit election held on this question, when the"drys" carried the county by about1,200 majority.The election of a few years agowhich made Georgetown "dry" wasdeclared by the Court of Appeals tohave been carried by the "drys" by axi&jority of 3 votes. Georgetown reversed itself at Saturday's election bygiving a "wet" majority of 176, thevote standing 471 "wet" to 295 "dry."Hold Fast to Love.Therefore, come what may, hold2ut to love. We win by tendemeaa,ir conquer by forgiveness. F. W.Robertson.ALL TAILORING WORKIS GUARANTEEDCleaning and pressing, repairing,Altering, and in fact anything in hetailoring line. -All work guaranteed to-meet with satisfaction. The only shopin town having an expert tailor inohaige. To get the best results in allclasses of work, give us a call.LUTHER COLLINS1 rear of Paris Billiard Hall, Wastlit Cor. Main and 4th Sts.DEATHS.TARR.After an illness of five weeks withi.vplioid fever, Mr. Thompson Tair,j cue of the best known and most hign-ly ef.ieemed Dusines men or tms city,died at his home, "Elm Spring Farm,"on the Georgetown pike, Friday morning at 6 o'clock.Five weeks ago Mr. Tarr, who hasbeen in- declining health for severalmonths, was stricken with typhoidfever, ad during his illness pneumoniadeveloped. His condition for twoweeks was regarded as critical, buthis physicias thought that he had achance to recover. In his weakennedcondition he was unable to overcomethe attack and suffering a relapsegrew steadily worse until he expired.Mr. Tarr was the founder of theBourbon Lumber Co., in Paris, whichwas owned jointly by Mr. Tarr andMr. James Stivers. This companycarries one of the largest stocks ofrough and dressed lumber in CentalKentucky, and thei business has gowno such proportions that they shippedlumbr to the counties adjacen o Bourbon. Mr. Tarr was a son of he late William and Finley Fisher Tarr. He wasborn at the old Tarr homestead on theJackstown pike, on what was knownas the old Dan Hibler place. He received his education at the Tarrschool on the Maysville pike, andlater attended school at Millersburg.Subsequently he entered CntralUniversity at Richmond, where' hegraduated. After finishing college MrTarr located at Lexington and enteredthe retail lumber business with thelate Mr. Mills Dodge. Later the busins was sold, and he returned to Paris,and engaged in the same busines withhis brother, Mr. Fisher Tarr, the firmbeing known as Tarr Bros. After atime he purchased his brother's interest in the firm and formed a partnership with Mr. T. T. Templin, whoremained in the firm for several yearsMr. Tarr then founded his presentbusiness, the Bourbon Lumber Co.,which has been most successful.In 1890 Mr. Tarr was united in marriage to Miss Mary Kennedy, onlydaughter of the late Mr. and Mrs.John B. Kennedy, of near Paris. Ofthis union was born one child, adaughter, who died in infancy.Mr. Tarr was member of the Christian church, having joined that denomination while attending college.He was also a member of the Parislodge of Elks and was one of the mostpopular gentlemen in the county.Besides his wife Mr. Tarr is survived by one brother, Mr. Fisher Tarr,of Cincinnati, who has been at hisbedside throughout his late illness.Also, by two half-sisters,Mrs. AnnaGarth Atkinson, of Montgomery county, and Mrs. Bessie Evans, of nearNorth Middletown, and two half-brothers,Mr. Bennett Tarr, of Bourbon,and Mr. Wiliam Tarr, of Marshall,Texas.The funeral services were held Sunday afternoon, at 3 o'clock, at his lateresidence. The service was conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, who wasassisted by Eld. J. T. Sharrard, andthe remains were interred inthe family lot in the Paris cemetery. Thepall-bearers were James R, Stivers,George Alexander, B. M. Renick,Frank M. Clay, Bruce Miller, HughMontgomery, J. L. Dodge, Dr.3 C. G.Daugherty.FORD.i Mrs. Ann Willoughby Ford, wifeI of Matt Ford, a farmer of the Aaron'sRun neighborhood, died after a long1 illness of typhoid fever. Mrs. FordI was 47 years old and was the daugh! ter of F. Marion Willoughby, of thisi city. She is survived by her lather,husband, several children and threesisters, Mrs. Wallace Scott, off Indiana, Mrs. W. D. Henry, of thiscounty, and Mrs. Cornell, of this city.In the death of Mrs. Ford, Montgomery county loses one of fher noblestand best women. She was a womanwhose Christianity taught her to dogood, and her whole life was spent inthat endeavor. It is said of Mrs. Ford ,that she visited more sick and distressed and helped more poor peoplethan any woman in Montgomery county, leavig a memory and a record forgood deeds worth more than the tallest monument of granite that could beerected. Only a few hours beforeMrs. Ford died her sister, Mrs. SarahHedges, wife of Oscar Hedges, ofBourbon county, died as the result oFan operation, in this city, Wednesday. The interment of both bodiestook place on the North Middletowncemetery, Friday morning, with services at the church at that place, ofwhich both had been members forseveral years.Origin of "Whisky."The word Usk is an Anglicized formof the Welsh word wysg, a Celtic wordmeaning water. It is connected withthe Irish word uisque, from which theSaxon gets the word wbtalr.PartSomeinconvenientare such grannie! apoloflfcers.State of Ohio, City of ToledoLucas CountyFrank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business in theCity of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that said fifm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured by theuse of HALL'S CATARRH CURE.FRANK J. CHENEYSworn td before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, A. D., 1886.(Seal) A. W. GLEASON,Notary Public.Hall's Catarhh Cure is taken, internally and acts directly upon theblood and mucous surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free.Sold by all druggists, 75 c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (Sept) -LMYALL-WILCOX., The Liberty, Mo., Advance, contains the following of the marriageof Miss Ruth Myall7 of that city, whohas frequently visited here, to Mr.Roger Tyron Wilcox, well known inParis, where he was located for several months.:"The ceremony was witnesed byabout one hundred invited guests.The home was beautifully decoratedin the colors of the Beta Sigma Omicron Sorority, pink and red. Theofficiating minister Dr. Robert Graham Frank, of the Christian church,and the Episcopal ing service wasused."The bride is one of the most popular young women of Liberty. She is agraduate of the Liberty Ladies' College, and an active member of theBeta Sigma Omicron Sorority, beingan officer in the grand council of thatorganization. She is talented, cultured, and in every way qualified topreside over the new home thus established. "She will be greatly missed fromthe social and church life of the community. "The groom is the son of Mr. Wilcox, secretary of the American Tobacco Company, of New York, and heis also connected with that corporation. He is a splendid young man, acollege graduate, and has a verybright business future."His gift to his bride was a diamond pendant set in platinum. Thenewly-wedded couple left for the Eastimmediately after the ceremony.They will take a motor trip on theEastern coast, and will be at homeafter November 15, at Chestnut RidgeFarm, Glen Gardner, N. J."Sized Up.Crawford "I never thought him aniducated man, but I see he's just releived an honorary degree from one)f the colleges.". Crabshaw "Oh, he'sDrobably done something that wouldjet him a vaudeville engagement."fudge.MAN FOUND UNCONSCIOUSDIES AT HOSPITALWithout regaining consciousnessand suffering from an illness, whichbaffld his attending physicians OliverP. Maize, of Huntington, W. Va., ajournyman brick mason, died at theMassie Memorial Hospital Friday afternoon at 3:30 o'clock.Maize was found last Wednesdaymorning in the yard of the Paris CitySchool and was removed to the Parisjail by Patrolman Charles Thomas.A physician was summoned and itwas found that his condition was suchthat the patient should be removed tothe Massie Hospital for treatment. Aslight bruise on the side of his facewas the only mark about the body,and in his unconscious condition hewas unable to give any account ofhimself.The only meas of identificationwas a card found in the pockket,which had been issued by the Bricklayers and . Masons Union of Huntington, W. Va., and which bore hisname, together with that of L. D.Sallee, Secretary of the union. Thiswas turned over to Mr. W. O. Hinton,who at once communicated with theofficers of the union at Huntington.The officers of the union applied toMr. J. T. Hinton, Jr., a son of MayorHinton, who resides in Huntington,and he at once telephoned his fatherthat the organizatiion to which Maizewas a member would assume the expense incurred in giving him the proper attention.Upon his death a telegram wassent to his wife. The body was removed to the undertakking establishment of Mr. J. T. Hinton, where itwas prepared for burial and Saturdaymorning a message was received byMr. Hinton with the instructions tohold the body until further notice.Mr. William Maize, a brother ofthe unfortunate man arrived in thiscity Sunday to take charge of theremains. It has developed since theman was found that he had applied toMr. George Deiterman for employment, and was assigned to a new contract. He did not report for workWednesday but nothing was thoughtof this until Saturday night whenthe other men in tho wnnlnv nf TiDeiterman were being paid and Maizehad not put in his appearance.Maize was a native of Bath countyand was born near Salt Lick. He wasaged about forty-five years. Hisbrother took charge of the body whichwas shipped to Salt Lick, Bath county, for burial. "MA1M01To NewHousekeepers !Having bought out a big boarding house inCincinnati of a full line of Bed Room and KitchenFurniture, consisting of Bed Room Sets, Kitchenand Dining Room Furniture, also Front andReception Room Furniture. Not having room tocarry it, I am offering to sell cheap for cash anyitem in the house to, make room for my general linefor Fall and Winter. Apply toJ. ELVOVE,Paris, KentuckyOur Call Home Phone 360ACCOMPLISHED MUSICIANS t6- GIVE CONCERTr THURSDAY.The Young Ladies Mission Circleof the Christian church is arrangingto give a concert at Elks' Hall onThursday evening, September 11, byMiss Edith . Rubel, of Lebanon, Ky.,violinist, and Miss Olive Robertson, ofCarlisle, pianist.In addition to being an accomplished violin artist, Miss m Rubel rendersdialect songs in a charming manner,and the first part of the program willbe an arrangement of Southern dialect songs, in costume, with- violinand piano selections.These young ladies are personallyvery attractive, and have given recitals in New York before the artisticand literary set, before the NationalDemocratic Club, at . private dinnersfor prominent society people, as wellas in many places in Kentucky.A charming evening is in store forall who attend, and the members ofthe circle who will personally sell tickets for the recital at 50 cents eachwill no doubt be very successful.oWONDERFUL DIRECTUM I.WILL BE AT LEXINGTON.James Butler's comine 2:00 nacer.Directum I, chestnut horse by Directum Kelly, dam Izetta R.. which wiggled around the Goshen two-lap trackin J:u5, thereby setting a new worldrace record for pacers over a half-wilering, will be seen in action at the Kentucky Trotting Horse Breeders' Association 's forty-first annual fallmeeting, October 6 to 18, at Lexington". He is eligible to the TennesseeStake of $3,000, to which Evelyn W.,2:00, Earl Jr., 2:01. Vernon Mc-Kinney 2:01, Don Densmore, 2:02Braden Direct 2:024,Hal B., Jr., 2:03and Joe Patchenll, 2:03, are also eligible. It may be that the field will besomewhat larger, since the stake isto De reopened for final entries Sept.15.YOU WILL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction by traing at(18-tf) " FELD'S.DEMONSTRATION IN THE USEOF HOG CHOLERA SERUMArrangements have been made withthe State Commissioner of Agriculture whereby the Kentucky Agricultural Experiment Station will give apractical demonstration in the method of administering hog cholera serum at the State Fair. This demonstration will be given on Thursday,September 18, at 10 a. m., on theState Fair grounds, and should proveof interest to all farmers and hograisers in the .State. In addition tothe demonstration, practical talkswill be given on hog cholera.its diagnosis and post mortem lesions, thecare of the sick and well hogs, thework of the hog cholera serum ladoratory and State and Federal lawsgoverning the quarantine and control of hog cholera by Dr. Robert Graham, Dr. J. H. Kastle, Director of theKetucky Agricultural Experiment Station, Commissioner John W. Newman,and others. Altogether this meetingpromises to- be one of great interestto all farmers and hog raisers ,andshould pove one of the most instructive and valuable features of the Fair.HORSES COLLIDE ANDONE ANIMAL IS KILLED.A horse driven by William Boazkwas killed last night on South Mainstreet, when an animal driven by anegro, whose name could not be ascertained, collided with him. A shaftof the buggy driven by the negro penetrated the side of Boaz's horse kkilling it almost instantly.Mrs. Henriette Berry, of Seattle,Washington, has arrived for a visit tohe sister, Mrs. Henry Fuhrman, onEast High street. Mrs. Berry willspend the month of September withMrs. Fuhrman before returning home.OUUJL.MrKhUcMWEAKNESSbatis promptly relievedbythe medical nourishment inScott's Emulsion whichis not a nerve-quieter, bnt nature'sgreatest nerve -builder, withoutalcohol or opiate.Scott &Bowne,Bloomfield, N.J. 13-25!si8iTHE PARIS GRANDFriday, Sept. 12.??:National Play Co. Offers Wm. Anthony';McGuire's Great Play 9 -OSMMllJJfcl ?WITH GEO. A. LEMMING.The Most Talked of Play In Years LPRICES - - 25c. TO $1.50.Reserved Seats at Mitchell & Blakcmorc'sTheAmericanAddingMachineThe Latest AdderCosts But $35See our exhibit ask for10 days' trialHere is a new price on a competent Adder. On a machine thatis rapid, full size and infallibleIbe very latest machine, builtby men who know how, in oneof the largest metal-working shopsIt is an individual Adder, to beplaced on one's desk, close to one'sboks and papers. To take theplace of the central machine, requiring skilled operators.The price is due to utter simplicity, and to our enormous output. Seven keys do all the work.Each copied number isshown up for checking before the addition is made.The machine will add, subtract and multiply. With veryslight practice anyone cancompute a hundred figures aminute. And the machinenever makes mistakes.Countless offices, large andsmall, are getting from thesemachines the highest class ofservice.i faM ManufacturedAMERICAN CAN COMPANY, CHICAGOSold by Joseph Candioto Co., Lexington, Ey.rWINDINSURANCEFire andLightningMas & Woodloid12 Big CompaniesuNow we make this offer so thatoffices everywhere may lear whatthis machine means to them.1 0 Days9 TestWe will gladly place in anyoffice one American Adder for aThere will be no obligation,ten-days' test,and charges will be prepaid.Combpare it with any non-lister-eventhe costliest. Let anyone use it. See if any machinecan serve better than this.Just send us this coupon andwe'll send the machine.Please send us an American Adding Machine for ten days' free trial.NameStreet AddressCityStateand Guaranteed by1mImI.1 f;VVk,:tmmm.wmmmmTHEj BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., SEPTEMBER 9,1913Vfiss' -VSA'ja4Tify&HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADENOTICE.' City tax lists for theyear 1913 are now inmy hands for colleo&lon9 at my office atShe Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.BRICK FOR SALE.Fifteen hundred old brick, alsoeighty running feet of rock curbing.Hust be removed at once. Call eitherphone No. 41. 2tMR. L. C. REYNOLDS ISTRANSFERRED TO MAYSVILLE.Mr. Luther C. Reynolds, assistantSuperintendent of the MetropolitanLife Insurance Co., in this city, hasbeen transferred to Maysville. Mr.Reynolds will be succeeded by Mr. T.K. Cooper, of Jellico, Tenn.RILEY FI.NED $100 FORDRAWING PISTOL ON WOMAN.Fomer Riley, colored, was tried bya ; ary before Squire L. J. Fretwell,in the county court Friday upon ac i rge of drawing a deadly weaponm jn another. It is alleged the negrod w a revolver upon a colored wo; , n, who had a warrant issued forhis arrest. The case was called Friday morning and the jury failed toagree. A second jury in the afternoon returned a verdict imposing afine of 100 and giving the accusedfifty days in jail.Ensure your Tobacc againstFire and Lightning ithMcQure & Cfendenin.MONSON BUYS BURRPROPERTY FOR $4,000.Messrs. J. H. Haggard and JohnIansfield have sold to Charles Monson, the stone residence, known as theBurr House, in the rear of the courthouse. The consideration was $4,000. Mr. Monson is from Nicholascounty, and is a merchant on the samestreet, having located here last year.Dr. D. S. Henry has disposed of theQuincy Burgess farm of 129 acres,near Hutchison, to Mr. E. P. Clay?jrook. The price was private.PARIS NEGRESS FATALLYSTABBED DIES IN HOSPITALCallie Fugate, colored, formerly ofParis, who was stabbed a number oftimes and her throat badly slashed inLatonia, about a week ago, died atSt. Elizabeth Hospital, in Covington,Saturday night as a result of her injuries. The police are at a loss to knowwhere the cutting took place ,but thethe body was found in an out-of-the-wayplace in Latonia, her assailanthaving carried her to that point,where he left her for dead. Officials jsecured an ante-mortem statementfrom the negres before she died.REBECCA LODGE ELECTSOFFICERS AT LAST MEETINGAt the meeting of the RebeccaLodge Friday evening, the followingofficers were installed:Noble Grand Mrs. Lula WoodalLRight and Left Supporters to NobleGrand W. S. Riser and A. R. Dennison. Vice Grand Mrs. Belle Faris.Right and Left Supporters to ViceGrand T. J. Woodall and Mrs. JuliaFrench.Secretary Mrs. Ida W. Snyder.Warden Mrs. Grace Stewart.Treasurer Mrs. Nannie Rose.Conductor Miss Bettie Smith.Outside Guard William Stewart.WILL ENTER BIBLE SCHOOLAT KENTUCKY UNIVERSITYIfr. Monroe Sweeney, of this city,left yesterday morning for Lexington, where he will matriculate at Kentucky University to study for the ministry. Mr. Sweeney, who is a son ofthe late Eld. John S. Sweeney, and anephew of the late Elder Zach Sweeney, thA noted evangelist, had previously been a student at that institution, but had not taken up the studyof the Bible. Last spring while on avisit to his brother, Eld. WilliamSweeney, at Evansville, Ind., he decided to enter college this fall. HeHe is a bright and capable youngman, and has a brilliant future before him.Mrs. Albert Hinton is visitingrelatives in Mayslick.FRESH OYSTERS.VWe have today fresh oystersthe4t of the season.M JAMES E. CRAVEN..KENTUCKIANS MAKEGOOD IN OKLAHOMAA dispatch froin Oklahoma City,Okla., says:"No other State in the Union hassiven to Oklahoma as many menprominent in political affairs of thenew State, as may be seen by a reference to the political roster. It is estimated, too, that the "Blue Grass"State has given more than 49,000 ofher sons and daughters to Oklahoma."Kentuckians have establishednames for themselves in the financialaffairs of the State as well. C. F. Colcord, of Paris and Oklahoma City;Scott Thompson, of Lexington andOklahoma City; H. S. Emerson, ofParis and Britton, are names wellknown in banking circles of the State.Colcord is the owner of the 350,000thirteen-story skyscraper office building of Oklahoma City. Thompson isan owner also of considerable real .estate, and of , large office building inOklahoma City. Emerson vis president of the Britton State Bank."ILtfi.tL&yfcwi oiSOCIAL ID PERSONAL;Mr. W. H. Anderson has returnedfrom a visit in Parkersburg, W. Va.Mr. Dan Wright, of Massillon, O.,arrived Sunday for a visit to friendsin this city.--Miss Helen Hutchcraft has returned from a visit to relatives inCincinnati. vMiss Alice Ewalt entertained Friday evening in honor of her guest,Miss Edith Higgins, of Massillon, O.Miss Irene Tackett, of Millersburg,, was the guest Saturday of Mr.and Mrs. C. P. Mann.Mrs. Milton Culp Browning , ofCleveland, O., has .arrived for a visitwith relatives here.Miss Emma Bryan has returned toher home in Little Rock after a visitin Huntington, W. Va.Miss Lucy Clay Woodfford, of Mt.Sterling, is the attractive guest ofMiss Elizabeth Yerkes.Mrs. Lizzie Walker has returned'!after spending the summer at LakeChautauqua, New York.Mr. James J. Clark, of Lambert,Okla., is the guest of Mr. and Mrs.R. A. Childers, in this city.Mrs. C. S. Goldstein and childrenreturned Sunday after a visit to relatives in Huntington. W. Va.Mrs. Mayme Ditchen, of Chicago,has arrived for a visit to her mother,Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth, on Houston avenue. Mrs. Frank Dutton, of Paris, whois ill at the home of her mother, Mrs.Bloom, in Lexington, is a little improved. Mr. Clay Ward returned Saturday from Camp Fitzhugh, SodusPoint, New Yok, where he spent thesummer.Miss Margaret Ardery and Mr.Sidney Ardery have returned fromTorrent, whee they enjoyed a delightful outing.Miss Ama VanMeter arrived Saturday from Danville, to visit her relative, Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Yerkes, andMrs. John Woodfford.Mr., and Mrs. William G. McClintock atended a reception given by Mr.and Mrs. Bert McClintock, in Millersburg, Thursday evening.Miss Marianne McCulloch, ofLouisville, has arrived for a visit withher uncle, Dr. C. Clarke, and MissMadeline Huddleson, on Stoner Avenue. Mr. and Mrs. Bert Swearingen,of Denver, Col., who have been theguests of Miss Margaret Terry havereturned to their home after a veypleasant visit.Miss Sarah Maddox, of Eminence,is the guest of Mrs. Lee Stevensonand ffamily. They will leave thisweek for a two weeks' sojourn atSwango Springs.Mr. and Mrs. George Alexanderand Mr. Thomas Prichard, of thiscity, were among those who entertained with dinner parties at theCountry Club Saturday night.sMrs. Thomas Allen entertainedFriday at auction bridge at her homeon Duncan Avenue in honor of Mrs.Joshua Hutsell, of Winchester, theguest of Mrs. Frank P. Kiser.Mr. Reuben Hutchcraft, of thiscity, will .entertain Wednesday at theCountry Club in honor of Miss Margaret Van Meter, who will leave nextweek for Dana Hall to attend school.Miss Emma L. Br.yan, of Bourbon,has gone to Fairmont, West Virginia,for a visit with Mrs. Frances DentGross. The ladies were classmatesat the Detroit Conservatory of Music.Winchester News: "Mrs. E. S.Jouett and daughter, Miss VirginiaJouett, who has been quite ill forseveral days, returned to their homein Louisville Friday night. Miss Jouett is much improved in health."Mrs. Clarence Kenney will entertain this afternoon at her home i thecountry in honor of Mrs. Milton C.Browning, of Columbus, 0., who ishere on a visit to relatives, and Mrs.John Yerkes, who will leave soonfor Atlanta, Ga., to reside.Mrs. J. F. Dutton was taken tothe W. W. Massie Hospital Thursdaywhere she underwent an operation.Her condition is critical. Mrs. Dutton is the wife of Mr. J. F. Dutton,Superintendent of the MetropolitanLife Insurance Co.Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Webber andMisses Mayme and Bessie Holladayhave returned from an automobile tripto Chicago and other points of interest. Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Blakemore,who accompanied the party, remainedin Chicago for a longer visit.The Ladies' Missionary and AidSociety of the Baptist church willmeet this afternoon at 3 o'clock in-I stead of four as previously announced, at the home of Mrs. A. P. Thompson, on Stoner avenue. All membersof the society are urgently requestedto be present.Miss Carolyn Berry has returnedfrom abroad, and is with her sister.Mrs. F. P. Lowry, on Stoner avenue.Miss Annie Berry, who has been theguest of her sister, Mrs. Lowry, hasreturned to Nashville, Tenn., to resume her duties as teacher in one ofthe schools in that city.Mrs. E. B. January entertainedthe members of the Woman's Missionary Society of the Methodistchurch at her home on Houston Avenue last Thursday afternoon. Anumber of interesting lectures weregiven by Mrs. Helen Forsyth andothers. Delicious refreshments wereserved during the afternoon.A surprise porty was given in honor of Miss Elizabeth Henry, daughter of Dr. and Mrs D. S. Henry, Saturady afternoon from 3 to 5 o'clock.About twenty-five little guests met atthe residence of Dr. Henry, where thelittle girls served refreshments inhonor of the eighth birthday of theirfriend. The residence was prettilydecorated and a delightful time wasenjoyed.Mr. and Mrs J. Harrison Davisand daughter Miss Gladys -Travis, ar-rived in Paris Sunday night fromCouncil Bluffs, Iowa, for a month'svisit to friends and relatives in thissection. Mr. Davis is formerly ofthis city, and about seven years agomoved West with his family. He isat present identified with the Henwinkel & Davis Motor Car Co., of Council Bluffs, and is doing an excellentbusiness. The many friends of Mr.Davis are congratulating him upon hissuccess in his new home.Prof. Hume Bedford, of Boston,Mass., is visiting his mother, Mrs.Maria Bedford.Miss Joe Davis, of Lexington, isthe guest of her aunt, Miss Anna MaeDavis, in this city.Rev and Mrs. Johnson, of Louisville, are guests of Mr. and Mrs. C. L.Steenberger, on Mt. Airy Avenue.Miss Nellie Fithian leaves thismorning for Louisville to assume herposition as teacher in Caldwell College. Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, who has beenquite ill for several days, was able tolie out yesterday.Game Warden George M. Hillleft Friday for Tatham Springs , inWashington county, where he will beabout a week on official business.Mr. A. L. Boatright, accompanied by his wife and son, Mr. BeverlyBoatright, arrived Saturday from Iola,Kansas, and will be at the FordhamHotel until they find a cottage,where they will reside. Mr. Boatrighthas accepted a position with the ParisChristian church as choir director,and comes highly recommended fromhis home town.BROWNER & JOHNSON BUYOUT SALOON BUSINESSBy the terms of a deal closed Friday night Messrs. George Brownerand John Johnson become owners ifthe saloon of Bennie Weissberg. Mr.Weissberg retires to engage in otherbusiness. Mr. Browner for severalyears has been connected with thesaloon of Mr. Albert Lyons, and asidefrom being an excellent businessman, is extremely popular. His partner conducts a saloon at the cornerof Tenth and Pleasant streets. Thenew firm assumed charge of the business Saturday morning.Mrs. Albert H. Morehead has returned from her vacation and is eadyto eceive pupils for the Piano. Forinformation apply toMOREHEAD MUSIC CO.,9-2t-pd 606 Main Street.UnexpectedCompany"Has NoTerrors Forthe WomanWho Usesa GasRange.WHILE UNEXPECTEDGUESTS MEANS HASTYPLANNING AND EXTRACOOKING, THE WOMANWHO USES GAS FUELKNOWS THAT HERRANGEWILL MAKE THIS EXTRACOOKING EASY. LET IT3E A BREAKFAST FOR ONEOR A DINNER FOR A DOZEN,IT'S A SIMPLE MATTER IFYOU USE A GAS RANGE.IS YOUR KITCHEN EQUIPPEDTO TAKE CARE OF THESEUNEXPECTED CALLERS?IF YOU BUY A GARLANDRANGE FROM US WE WILLDO THE PIPING AT AREASONABLE COST, ORSEE ANY RELIABLE PLMBEROR GAS FITTER.COOK WITH GASParis Gas CBbElectric Co.IncorporatedMiis teamotieeTHA"The Divorce Question."The National Play Co.'s presentation of Wm. Anthony McGuire's intensely interesting argument againstdivorce will be seen at the ParisGrand, Friday, Sept. 12. The playtreats the question of divorce as anindividual, social and ethical problem,portraying a strong, vital, true situation of life as a premise to an argument which clearly demonstrates thefutility of divorce as a means to social progress, inasmuch as it leads tothe disintegration of the family, uponwhich rests our entire social structure, deprives children of the right totheir parents and tends to foster thatundeniably immoral and hurtful institution polygamy.No ploy of recent years has received the unanimous stamp of approvalalike from the press and public andthe clergy have gallantly responded inthis fight against the horrible socialevil divorce.The phenomenal success of the playin all cities visited would indicatethat reservations should be made immediately. Lyman Howe.Thrills, ahrobs, sensations, information, amusement, superb scenery,historic cities, stormy seas, daring exploits all this, and more, may beconfidently looked forward to at theParis Grand on Sept. 16th, with theositivpe assurance that expectationswill be surpassed, because the attrac-1tion is Lyman B. Howe's Travel Festival. For this is one of those exceptional attractions that, judging fromits many engagements here, canalways be depended upon to fulfillmore than it promises. More real"human interest" and amusementis compressed in two hours "travelwith Howe" than is usually derivedfrom two months of actual travel.In addition to SGenes of surpassingbeauty, the new program to be presented comprises scientific, comic,topical and thrilling spectacles thatare unparalleled."Undeniably the finest exhibition ofanimated photography ever presented in this city" are the words inwhich the Dallas, Tex., News describes it.TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN.I desire to announce to the public ingeneral that any authority granted toanyone by me has been legally withdrawn by my order, and I shall continue to act as my agent from thisday forward. This August 28, 1913.(Signed) FANNIE P. NORTON,Millersburg, Ky.NOTICE TO WATER CONSUMERS.Owing to the drouth in order tohave water for domestic use I amcompelled to forbid the use of waterfor sprinkling. jPARIS WATER COi NEWTON MITCHELL, Supt.rT.-ViJ T. HINTONuWood Mantelsvi - rI. Our Large Stock of Shirt Waists I- .Must Be Reduced. v-So wewiSI givebig cut. Come while have your size. XPrices on All6 Reduced.Big cut on Dress Linens, .Lawns,Wash Goods, Etc.W. EdJust ReceivediWe Are Now Ready to Show YouThe Latest inFALL SHOES!Give us a Call and Look our Stock overBefore IGoing Elsewhere. Special Attention Given to Our Children's Department.I . GeoL Phones 301MNHINTONLast Chance!Don't Miss This Opportunity to BuyPORCHGOODSYou Will Have Lots of Time to UsePorch FurnitureTHIS YEARHowever,, at the Prices We Are Offering,, these Goods, You Can Afford toStore Them For Next Season.SAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingthe prices another:Summer FabricsTucker. , JB:McWilliams,The Shoe ManII, 1AmbulancemtIiiiys.IHh BOURftOM rsIEWS, PARIS, KJENTCCKY; SIi...,-. ..,-,.. ,i . .. , . . da tdlH .I'TF.ittT'J'JlMBMiaW HfSfcT .Tr,MJ,II -- LimiMW ij lt3.l-J-U JI 13 iif iki'u kfn&B&V-i i? i,! I'I&!ire1nan(mtmlfVS2Hrai w . i7XT6tt'jO&YJiotw:vIiA..T,. V. w'::L?-ForCouponsOut ofthe Duke'sMixture SackMany men aregetting untoldpleasure out ofthe Liggett& MyersDuke's Mixture sack.One 5c package holdsmany pipefuls of pure, mildsmoking or, if you please,' it will make many cigarettes ofthe good old-fashioned kind that youroll yourself.Shifted-u ,IT WAS SO PUZZLINGBy JOHN NEWTON.SHE WAS IN A HURRYBy ANNA LEVY.o-;trv '- t i-ivrfjTV1 I7 VPfc ,JZDuke's Mixture, made bv theLiggett & Myers Tobacco Co. at Durham, N. C, is the favorite with cigarette smokers. It's the tobacco thatmakes "rolling" popular with menwho want the true taste of pure,mild, selected tobacco.We're, making this brand the leader ofits kind. Pay what you will, you cannotget better granulated tobacco than Duke'sMixture.You still get the same big one and ahalf ounce sack enough to make manycigarettes for 5c And with each sackyou get a book of cigarette papers and apresent coupon, FREE.Save the Present CouponsWith the coupons you can get manyhandsome, desirable presents articlessuitable for men, women, boys and girls.Something for every member of thehousehold.Special offer until December 31,1913.Our new illustrated catalogue of presents wilJ be sent Free to anyone whosends us their name and address.Coupons from Duke's Mixtut e may be assortedwth toes fot HORSE SHOE, J.T., TINSLEY'SNATURAL LEAF GRANGERTWIST, coupons from FOUR. ROSES (10c tin double rauimlPICK PLUG CUT, PIEDMONTCIGARETTES, CLIX CIGARETTES, and other tazs or couponsissued by us.JM,-.VPremium Dept.rtjettbjcAA, JUaetxL A !tfl v- -? p J'Ls ,s sVftS V St. Loui., Mo.mp - rv jf. t ZJ . ' ! ILvsajKmKmssssmmAm4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Arc GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO RISKSIf You Are InterestedWrite Us9!MartinBrosr OQ0ooQQmooQmUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000fully Paid.uanock i-uncu m-J!I guarantee every case 1 undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.Furniture Moving,City Transferand First-CalssLiveryOur Facilities forHeavy Hauling isGood.Our Livery is as good as theother fellows. Horses fedby the week or month.We would appreciate ashare of your business.Prompt attention given allorders.Both Phones 260.MARTIN BROS.,Eighth St.Paris, KentuckyiNOTICE.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of J. H. Linville,deceased, will please come and settlesame at once; also those having claimsagainst said estate will please presentthem, properly proven as prescribedby law, to undersigned.W. V: HUFFMAN,Administrator J. H. Linville.COSTLY TREATMENT."1 was troubled with constipationAAi iadigMtion and spent hundredsC dollars for medicine and treatMt," writes C. H. Hines, of Whitlow,Ark. "I went to a St Louis hospital,alio to a hospital in New Orleans, butmo cure was effected. On returningkeate I began using Chamberlain'sTablets, and worked right along. Iseed them for some time and am nowdH right" Sold by all dealers.. (Amgut)CAUGHT A BAD COLD."Last winter my son caught a verybad cold andt the way he coughed wassomething dreadful," writes Mrs. Sarah E. Duncan, of Tipton, Iowa. "Wethought sure hewas going into consumption. We bought just one bottleof Chamberlain's Cough Remedy andthat .one bottle stopped his cough andcured his cold completely.." For saleby all dealers.fSept)Dobozy and Angyal were sitting onthe divan in the smoking room talking of a fair-haired lady. The stillness of the night, the red light of thelamp on the armors, swords andshields on the wall, the strong Turkish tobacco wrapped everything in theroom in a blue fog and led their imaginations into the empire of mystery.They talked of many things in the abstract, though the principal subject oftheir conversation was a golden-hairedlady who was very real indeed."You know that I am madly in lovewith her," said Dobozy, the magnate."When I see her I have to use all myself-control not to throw myself at herfeet. But listen last week we wereon our way towards the Turkish ruinand it was getting dark as we returned. She and I had walked a littleahead of the others. We stopped ona bridge to wait for them. Below usthe Danube was rushing and aboveour heads the moon was shining.Suddenly I felt her hand gripping myarm and she said: "I can look intoyour very soul as if it were made fromglass. I can read every, word written there. Surely you can also readmine. No, please do not say anything " Strange words, you mustadmit. I did not answer. The otherscaught up with us. She was unusually quiet all the rest of the "evening.Occasionally she looked at me andsmiled sadly."And what happened then?" askedAngyal, the poet, very much interested. "We arranged a new excursion toBookstal, and then we drove home.The next day we started out in sixcarriages. She sat opposite and untilwe reached Jause she was bubblingover with good humor. There somegypsies began singing their ugly melancholy songs. Her face had turnedQuite pale and she bit her lips nervously. At last I did not dare say anything more to her, for I felt her soulwas filled with bitterness. Suddenlyshe arose and went away from therest of us to sit down alone on abench in the wood. I followed herand noticed that her eyes were fullof tears and her face was convulsedwith pain.""Irma, do tell me what is the matterwith you?" I asked."She stamped her foot angrily andsaid: 'Please leave me alone.' Anhour later she drove home alone without saying goodby to anybody. Butnow comes the strangest part of all.When we returned we passed hervilla. She stood on the balcony withher sister waving her hand at us, and Hwhen, my carriage passed she threwa red rose to me and cried 'Goodnight,Dobozy.' What do you think of this,my friend? How am I to explain thesudden change in her treatment ofme? She must have a secret. Butwhat can it be?""A very interesting woman," saidAngyal. "It would be something to apoetoto look into her soul. Perhapshe might be able to solve the riddle."Now, here is the real explanation.On the day of the excursion to Rockstal Irma had just received a pair ofnew shoes, which, of course, she mustput on right away. Until they reachedJause, as long as they were sittingin the carriage, everything was well,but when she put her foot on theground she might have screamed withpain. She felt as if she were sittingon a crater of glowing lava bathingher feet in it- The others who noticed her distorted face began toquestion her and to put an end tothis she valked to the bench in thewood and when Dobozy did not leaveher alone even there she had an attack of nervous crying. At last thepain became so unendurable that shedrove home. As soon as she got ridof the two instruments of torture shefelt as happy as' ever before and herhappiness culminated when she sawDobozy driving by and she threw himthe rose.The next day the golden-haired girl,beautiful and charming as ever, promenaded in the parkIn front of the bandstand she metDobozy, who at first felt rather embarrassed, but Irma's bewitching smilesoon gave him back his courage.An hour later Dobozy called on hisfriend, the poet Angyal. In a buttonhole was a rose Irma had worn inthe morning. As soon as he saw Angyal he burst out:"Congratulate me, old boy, Irma haspromised to be my wife."But neither of the two ever succeeded in solving the riddle of Mrs;Irma Dobozy's life.'Oh. just a minute!" Tne gin"I'm in a, big hurry today," declaredthe girl as she settled back in thedentist's chair. "It's now ten o'clock,and I simply must leave here by 11!You'll hurry, won't you?""All right," said the dentist. "Wecan get a lot done by 11. Let's see,it was this back tooth we were working on. Has it been bothering youthis week?" He paused, the small mirror held near her mouth."Oh, just a minute!squirmed sideways and settled herselfagain. "Yes, it's been bothering mea lot I've hardly been able to eat athing. I can just feel that the sharplittle wire thing you've got there is going right into the very nerve. Whydon't you know juet where the nerveis, and try to keep as far from it aspossible?" She pressed her lips tighttogether and frowned at the offendinginstrument"We won't hurt it It isn't the nerveit's just sensitive dentine that bothers you. But we'll fix that up with alittle of this stuff." He put down theinstruments and reached for a bottle."Oh, it burns like everything!" Thegirl eat bolt upright, pushing his handaway, and reached for the water glass."Now, if you go and wash it all awayI can't promise a sure cure, youknow," remonstrated the dentist."Well, I don't know that beingburned to death is preferable to sensitive dentine, anyway," replied the girljcalmly drinking the the water beforeonce more settling comfortably backin the chair. "Now, you'd better hurry, it's a quarter after already," shesaid, accusingly, glancing at the clock."Open your mouth wide." Hereached for the probe again."Oh! Oh! I knew it you alwaysdo it!" The girl sat up to brush awaya tear with the corner of the toweland accidentally dropped the towel onthe floor. "No, you can't touch it for aminute. Wait until it stops aching,can't you?" She clung frantically tothe clean towel he handed her, andglared at him."Oh, why on earth do we have teeth,anyway? They're always full of holes,and it's a choice between toothacheand a dentist's murdering hands andI don't know which I prefer!""I'll tell you," said the dentist, ban-teringly. "I'll give you gas and we'll (pull them all out in a jiffy, and thenyou can have nice white false onesand never any more trouble!""Well, go on!" She sat .back resignedly. "I've simply got to keep that 11o'clock engagement! Oh, for pity'ssake, are you going to drill again?Why, you drilled my very head off lastmmmmmmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!4.twREMARKABLE CUREOF DYSENTERY."I was attacked with dysenteryabout July 15, and used the doctors'medicine and other remedies with norelief, only getting worse all the time.I was unable to do anything and myweight dropped from 145 to 125pounds. I suffered for about twomonths when I was advised to useChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. I used two bottlesof it and it gave me permanent relief,"writes B. W. Hill, of Snow Hill, N. C.For sale by all dealers.(AUgUSt) ytIJL M fF 1(7 j Z xOBBSSSbBBBSSSStBBBbI I MwSiL. sssasssssssr iSsssrnmfsssssBl&Found Doctor Didn't Need Him.Wedding cut ups in Clay Center havea new form of diversion. The Timestells about it: "Recently a Clay Centeryoung man was going to be married.The day of the affair, in the morning afriend pretending to be Dr. Olsen, tele-phoned-him,telling him that under thenew law a man had to undergo a physical examination by the city healthofficer before he could get married.He took it all in, in solemn earnest,and went to Dr. Olsen's office for theexamination, Olsen being otty healthofficer. Reaching the office he toldthe doctor he was ready for the examination. 'What examination?' askedOlsen. 'The examination you told meI would have to undergo. I am theyoung man who is to be married.''Some one has been playing a joke onyou, my friend,' was the doctor's answer and the young man has. aboutcome to that conclusion himself. Stillhe thinks he will get even some day'Kansas City Star."Why Do We Have Teeth?"week, and you said you'd be able to fillthe tooth this time! That isn't fair!Why can't you be honest? You knowI hate that driller it makes my bloodrun cold, and I dream of it everynight, and you promised you'd do allyou could by hand!"Oh! Oh! You drilled into thevery place you put that probe!Couldn't you see the hole and keepout of it? Oh, it aches so!" She satup and held the towel to her cheekdisconsolately."Do you know," she began again,"every dentist I've ever had I simplyhate! I can't help it they were allso brutal, so inhuman! They don'tcare at all what they do to one, justso they get through. You'd thinkthey'd be gentle they see so muchsuffering; but they just grow calloused! How do dentists keep theirown teeth all right? I'll bet there'ssomething one can use to prevent decay, but dentists conceal it from thepublic.""Come on, now," said the dentist Iwon't hurt you. I'll be just as gentleas possible." He was waiting. Hisinstruments poised."Oh, I wish you'd hurry and finishmy whole mouth, so I'd be through. Ihate the sight of this building andthe smell of disinfectants sends a coldchill over me!""All right Open your mouth and I'llsee how much I can finish." He beganagain to drill, carefully slowly.Suddenly she sat up, pushing awayhis hands. "Oh, there it's 11 o'clock!And nothing accomplished!" Shescrambled out of the chair. "I toldyou I was in a hurry, and you haven'tdone one thing!" She glared at himas she pinned on her hat. ChicagoDaily News.TRE JQB ReOfftS OfTHEByRBNNEWSAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asumBILLHEADS,LtTTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everything. that is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork. 'Our type is new and modernfaces. yThe people who are quick to takeoffense have no difficulty in finding aplentiful . supply. rNjthan Levy.Cfte Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.iiiiiWiWiUWirtfta -vV,w ,.. $ . , "I s1A- " - i- i- A. " fr i ,m,'",.-r-'VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKY; SEPTEMBER 9, 1913.B'"-aAY'S HI HEALTHm favoriteW. N. Barkley ' Mrs. W. N. J3arkleyWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,Hefined Women Give This , jcxingtori9 Kentuckythe rreierence jThe easiest way to keep your hairyouthful-looking, to prevent it from-turning grey, is to use Hays HairHealth. It gives absolute satisfaction,and a few applications will restore natural color, give vitality to grey andfaded hair and remove all traces ofDandruff. Beautiful natural colored,youthful-looking hair, more than anything else, contributes to a woman's.good looks.Hay's Hair Health is keeping thousands of women's hair glossy, naturalcolored and beautiful. You'll neverTegretbuying it when you" see the difference it makes in your appearance.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bot--tleof Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.ake of Harfina Soap, for 50c; or $1.00"bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two,25c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for $1L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...Home-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ptc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allhours with the best the market affords.(28mar6mo)ANSWERING HIS LETTERBy ANNA PHILPOT.nper FU1GOflt. $i,ooo to $100,000W. KING & SON,125Z Chcapsidc. Lexlnston, Ky.$WW&SBE&a IamalgamatedarcLLJffigggggag roofing Zbthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a nickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Cfias. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto OiLNo matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Are Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rate is no higher thanwhen slate or metal is used.We authorize our agents to refund tho moneyif our Roofing is not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, IllinoisSold by MiHersburg Coal andLumbre Co.,MiHersburg, Ky.Miss Margaret K. Caden,310 M ain. Street, Lexington, Ky.Special Display of. . . Summer Hats . .Moderate Prices.MOUNTAIN EXCURSIONTuesday, August 26, 1913It Via "California Special"TO-e-"The Land of the Sky" and "Sapphire Country"Round Trip Fares From Georgetown, Ky.ASHEVILIyB, N. C $ 9.00WAYNESVILLE. N. C 10.00HENDERSONVIITwE, N. C 10.00LAKE TOXAWAY, N. C 11.00 .VARIABLE ROUTE PARESVia Chattonoocra Historic Iyookout Mountain enroute to and fromfinal destination:3 ASHEVIILE, N. C $10.50- WAYNESNIKLE. N. C 11.50HENDERSONNILIvE H-50LAKE TOXAWAY, N. C 12.50Return limit, Sept. 10, 1913. Liberal Stop-over privilegesTickets trood on ' Carolina Special" leaving Georgetown, Ky., 8:30 p. m., also ony !M&Sn!aBK9BDHHl all regular trains August lb, yio.For full information, printed matter andsleeping car reservations, apply to nearestTicket Agent, or write:H. C. KING, Pass, and Ticket Agt., 101E. Main Street, Lexington, Ivy.,. 0 m . W. A. BECKLER, Gen'l Pass. Agent,(C. N. O. & T. P Ry.) and cincinnati, O.Southern RaihvavflisMliv'rasliiufflitiilI Pans Odorless Chatting Co.Men's and Ladies' Snits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks' our specialty.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co.,-Sam Levy, Proprietor,White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c"Well," indignantly exclaimed thegirl to herself, after she had glancedat the date of the letter that the postman had just left. "Two weeks!" Sheflung her head high, and looked intothe mirror to get the effect. "I'll showhim that I can keep him waiting, too!"She unfolded the letter and read it.Then she reread it."Not an apology in it, either! Iought just to write and tell him athing or two but he'll wait at leastthree weeks before he gets a wordfrom me! Let him see how he likesit!" She was extremely indignant.Going to her desk, she flung the letter disdainfully upon it and closed thelid. Then she opened the desk againand took up the letter."I wonder," she pondered, "whetherI ought to wait three weeks. I don'tbelieve it would be well to wait morethan just as long as he waited. Thatwill be a broad hint to him. But I'mnot going to be satisfied with hints!I'm going to tell him good and plainthat if my letters aren't of sufficientinterest to be worth an answer beforeI've forgotten everything I wrote tohim I'll just direct them to people by!whom they will be more appreciated."I'll write him this very minute andset forth matters clearly to that youngman while everything's fresh in mymind. Then I can leave the letter undated and send it later, whenever I decide will be best."Suiting the action to the word, sheproceeded hastily to scribble off a letter. -"I'd better not begin to scold him atfirst," she decided. "I'll just answerhis letter. I'll write as though I hadnothing to say especially, and when Iget nearly to the end I'll tell him a fewthings that he ought to know!"She wrote on, happily smiling to herself, through a number of pages."Goodness!" she reflected. "What'sthe use of stirring up trouble? I thinkI'd just better let it drop and act asthough I hadn't noticed how long atime had elapsed since he got my letter. It's far better that way. Really,it is foolish for a girl to let a manthink she's eagerly waiting and watching for his letters."Then, too, I suppose he's awfullybusy. They say that successful youngbusiness men usually can't get on withgirls at all, but their time is almostDilliPmBMI III fW$rftlShe Flung the Letter.never their own. And then his poorarms must get so tired writing hismemoranda and getting out his reportsthat he ought to be praised for writingat all. Poor boy! It's mean of me tobe resentful. I suppose he does hisbest. And it must be fearfully lonelyfor him out there and I suppose he justwaits and waits for my letters."Let's see. He did say that hewalked to the postoffice every nightfor the mail. Think how disappointing it must be to find nothing from me,day after day. He might cease goingfor the mail altogether if he thoughtno one would write. Goodness! Whatif I waited three weeks and then hedidn't think it worth while to go forhis mail any more and he'd never getmy letter? And I'd sit here thinkinghe just wouldn't answer. That's theway most trouble starts. I'm not goingto let it start that way for us, if I canhelp it!"I've made this letter just as formaland unconcerned as I possibly could,"she said. Then she glanced throughher letter. "Oh, I think it sounds awfully cold, considering the fact thatwe're engaged! I'll just add a postscript and try to make him see howmuch I care for him."She scribbled away until the postscript was five pages longer than theletter. Then she looked at her watch."Goodness! I suppose the poor boyis counting the hours to see when aletter can get back to him. And he'sso busy that the days just fly. I'msure he didn't mean to wait so long before -writing."Oh, what's the use? I'll just put onmy coat and run to the mail box tocatch the next mail with this letter.Poor, lonesome boy!" Chicago DailyNews.Truck Replaced Thie Teams:i.-. -v-- mmr T3S3.si7X3n eIeven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden wJP 37 17.20thsInst carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyot notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved m KisselKar construction.Note these striking- KisselKar features Simple engine easy to operatereserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed .transmitters geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy sprintsuspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easy control larger"brake drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need.JCiSselJiar Uruvkj1500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn the range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which is themauufacturer s guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.$eJV- for free book showmg KisselKar Trucks in actual use in your line and many otherlmes9of business.ivmiaTheJFollowing Lines obusiness riavelRecently,bought Kisstel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry. Bakery, Confectionery, Ice, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suit theneeds of'any business.I PhcPhone 21 05.O. R. HUKLE,513 West Main Street,Lexington, Ky.mShort Jenks' Threats.Short Jenks is always threateningto give a written guarantee, althoughevery one knous he can't write.Atchison Globe.nofor youthUnsightly Grey and Faded HairWhy not have beautiful, dark, glossynatural colored hair, full of life anrtbeauty keep yourself young lookingaim la&iuuaung.' its so easy andsimple to do if you will get a bottle ofHay's Hair Hpalth toHmr Vrtnn nn;,t,a change after one or two applicationsuuyv Huiuajy tae grey nairs vanishuw stusey, ma or lire ana vitalityHay's Hair Health will irpon vmn. hnDon't Wastfi timp. fpf n hnfln fnn'Your druggist is selling more Hay's"" xicaitu man an otners, becausehe knows it's the most satisfactory,the nicest and cleanest to use andreally does restore color to grey hair.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bot-Tift ftf TTott'o TTn; Taiit. j iw.. i.j o ij.au. xieaim ana a zoc.tcake of Harfina Soap for 50c; or $1.00(Jottle of Hay's Hair Health and twoJ25c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for LfL. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.When you feeldJ,:iZltvous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign you need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills ggiSWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioLf. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.MjIFwfptiiMatfttaffaMMpvi11 JLi iwPriTiipIt ftpky State FairPTEMBER 15 to 20, 1913The Kentucky State Fair will offer to the farmer&ROYi! liircc-J-rlr QvViiWnro --r- nn'nMiiniHr r ts?vW VvvCs.u. uuoi.v;n. uaihujiluio O.J.X jyyvji. i.iixi.y i.kj aixi.ls.li, L-iatfc ybest products ot their farms and best specimens olwlivestock and to the women an opportunity to displaytheir handiwork and cookery at the 1913 Fair, lorlrwhich liberal premiums are offered.$30,000 in Premiums6-BIG DAYS-6Mncell RailM MiFor Information. Entry Blanks, Catalog, Etc., addressJ. Li. uujnt, secretary. '705 PAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILXJEl 3HFBeAccording to Instructions.Bobbie I heard you got & letterfrom your brother?Joey Indeed, I did.BobbieWas there anything important in the letter?Joey Well, I didn't open it, for onthe outside of the envelope was printed: "Please return, 1n five days," soI sent it back to him. 'Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office. Phones i 5 L1?( xiuuie xou.ResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentuckyJ J. WILIilAMS, .ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.aoom-l Elks Biuldin. 'Mr. Kentucky FarmerIf we told you of a crop'which brought a cash incomethe year around, made the soil richer every year and required noskilled labor to handle it,Wouldn't That Be The Crop For You?You have this opportunity. The Tri-State Butter Company.Cincinnati, Ohio, will buy your cream the year around, pay spotcash for every shipment and give you a market that is responsible!safe and permanent, and proven so to more than 5,000 shippers.No skilled labor is required to ship cream. Separate the milk,you twice a week in the summer seaaonp"and not quite so often in the winter time.Every cow will pay cash for what she eats, yielding a revenue ,of from $50.00 to $90.00 per year, besides adding $25.00 worth Cfertility to your soil. -;Ship your cream to-day, or write for free trial cans.The Tri-State Butter Company,.Cincinnati, Ohio. .t ' CaptafPtock $75,W ffmmmml&mt'lTHE BOURBON, NEWS, PARfSKETUCKY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1913."''tii i1;nS timyIGETTING THE MOST OUTOF THE-FARM MANUREPARIS DEFEATS CLINTONVILLEIN EXCITING 12 INNING GAME.Bv far thfi nrfittipst. earn a. that. hnr11 I 1-3 J.1 J t w j-- -- 0.v vuww uij-armers biiouiu use me time in me, been played upon the local groundslall after the busy cropping season is this season was that Sunday afterover to clean the manure and litter 110on, when the Paris and Clintonvillewt of the horse and cow stalls, and clubs met. The game went for twelvethe cattle, hpg and sheep sheds, and innings, the Paris aggregation winixj haul out the remnants of old straw ning out by a score of 2 to 1stacks and tramped-down and rot-1 Curtis was on the mound for Paristing material surrounding them. All and during the twelve rounds only aljsucli material should be scattered on lowed the visiting club three hits, two""."" "uw " Lue Lime L" uo "-of which came in the fifthj.iie vtiuier iceumg season will soon"toe here and this means the accumulation of a large amount of manure,-which if correctly saved and applied5s exceedingly valuable. Every hundred pounds of stable manure is worth10 to 15 cents, every ton from $2.00to $8.00. The liquid is more valuablethan the solid and should therefore"be saved by the use of ample bedding material."Improper handling of manure results in great loss. Careful testsTiave shown that it loses half its valueinning,when their only run of the game wascounted. Each player on the Paristeam seemed to be on his mettle, aswell as those of their opponents, andduring the entire contest not an error was recorded.A pass and stolen base in theeleventh inning was almost responsible for the game being brought to aclose, had not Reeves pulled downwhat looked to be a clean safe drive"back of first base, which retired theside. In the twelfth inning Wilker-SOn fnr "PnriS Rincrlarl and ef-k1a cartnnriin six months if exposed to the I n tqd c,:: . .winning run. As a special attractionweather in the ordinary manure pile.-jare muse oe iaKen to prevent neating, leaching and waste of the urine.Most of this loss is prevented when-stock, such as cattle and mules, areted in sheds, the manure being tightlycompacted by the tramping of the-stock, which excludes the air and prevents heating, the urine being savedby abundant bedding, and the sheltered situation preventing leaching byrains.On account of sanitary considerations manure can not be allowedthus to accumulate in the dairy barn,in which case it should" be removed tota shed or covered pit to prevent loss.It pays to provide such protection forthe cow manure, but if the dairymendoes not have ashed or pit the manureshould not be allowed to accumulate,"but should be regularly hauled away.and scattered.One advantage of live stock farmingis that it furnishes a supply of manure. The stock farmer keeps most ofliis farm in grass, hay, forage crops,jand this means plenty food is keptin the soil and the land is preventedfrom washing. He carefuly savesand applies the manure and his landrows more productive each year.5ood crops can not be grown without manuring the land in some wayeither by commercial fertilizers,jreen manure crops, stuble manure,and for Kentucky farms stable manure is by far the most profitablemeans of fertilizing.The writer in his own farm practice has hauled and scattered manyhundreds of loads ofstable manure.3fuch of this was placed on washed,thin, gullied land, and on this landto-day are growing rank sods of grass.Kentucky farmers have in the pastfailed sadly in making the most oftheir stable manure. On thousandsof farms there fields that have beencroped for generations without the application of a single forkful of manure. With proper attention given tofertilization, with stable litter supplemented by the rational use ofground limestone and ground phosphate rock and with good rotation systems the crop yield of the state couldbe doubled in the next generation.Undoubtedly our farmers will findihis work highly profitable. In aTccent address in Kentucky,, Dr.C. G.l;opkins, of Illinois, said, "There is noinvestment which an honest man canat white Park Saturday afternoon,anParis will meet the Chippewa Indians, an excellent organization that istouring the country and made up ofsome of the very best ball players.The Indians are carrying a headliner with them in the person ofPitcher Pennance, who is a bigleague star, two years ago beingwith the New York Americans. Thescore of Sunday's game follows:Clint 0000100000 01Paris ....10000000000 1 2Batteries Paris, Curtis and Wallen; Clintonville, Beasley and Beas-ley.Fear Always a Handicap.Fear never did any good to anybody. Even when cause for fear isreal, a man must not give up to it. Ifpou can just bolster yourself upo thepoint of nerve that will enable you tomaster your fears, you will add 50per cent, to your results and a likepercentage to the influence for goodrou can bring to your house.Reason for It.Grandma "In my day girls weremore modest and reserved than theyare now." May "That's because youwere taught that modesty and reservewere more alluring to the men."Judge.Daily Reminder.No matter how the other marketsfluctuate, good, old, common, everyday politeness is still quoted at thtsame figures. vHigh Prices for Gruesome Relics.' Gruesome relics were sold in aParis auction room the other day.One was that of the petrified body ofa. Patagonian slain in battle severalthousand years ago. The price was$1,640. Head of Indian cut off in battle, $265; two books, one bound in the3kin of a white woman, the other inthe skin of a negress, $100.Explanationof Potlatch.The word potlatch is a corruptionof an Indian word common among thePacific coast tribes, meaning festival of gifts. At a patshatl (potlatch) celebration the more personalproperty an Indian gives away, blankets, ornaments, etc., the higher hestands in the estimation of his neighbors, and the more he expects to receive in return at the next potlatch.The festival is also accompanied bymusic, dancing and feasting.Plays Favorites.Opportunity knocks once at everyman's door, and even follows somemen out to the ball park.OVER THIRTY BLOCKSIN HOT SPRINGS BURNMore than thirty blocks on the eastern edge of the business section ofHot Springs, Ark., had been sweptclean Friday night by a fire which at9 o'clock threatened to eat its waytowards Central Avenue, the mainbusiness street. A high wind wasblowing and the Hot Springs and theLittle Rock fire 'departments hadmade but little headway in checkingthe flames.VERY LOW RATESTO THE WEST.FRESHMelons on Ice CantalopsString BeansFresh Tomatoes Sweet PeasEvergreen CornPeaches x Cucumbers SquashAll Fresh and NiceBoiled and Minced HamKeller Grocery CompanyThe Missouri Pacific is offeringvery low rates to California, Idaho, INevada, Utah, Western Clorado, New'Mexico, Western Texas, Arizona, Oregon and Washington. Tickets soldSeptember 25th to October 10th, inclusive. For complete informationregarding rates, through free chairand sleeping car service, address J.A. Steltemkamp, G. A. P. D., 204Traction Building, Cincinnati, O.make which wlil pay so high returnsas time and money spent judiciouslyin land improvement," and it mightbe added that there is no method ofsoil improvement avaiable to Kentucky farmers so sure as" the haulingand scattering of stable manure, andnow is th'e time to do it.IParis Book CompanycTVlRS. C. D. WEBB, Prop.School Books and SchoplSupplies, Novelties, Etc.Ledgers, Journals, Pens, Inks, 'Etc. Magazines, Maps,Globes, in fact everything that's found at-a Book Store.Picture Framing Our Leading. . . Specialty . . .WORK DONE WHEN PROMISEDiWfILife's True Heroes.Wordsworth characterizes the "little, nameless, unremembered acts ofkindness and of love" as the "bestportion of a good man's life." Thereal heroism of life is to do its littleduties promptly and faithfully.Dog Had Appetite for Chlcktn.A chicken-stealing do, in th Ihbtrton (Scotland) district, recently occasioned some anxiety to a number ofhen keepers. On a thorough searchbeing made a number of fowls wererecovered buried in a field. Somefowls were eaten, and those not required for immediate use were hiddenIt was discovered that the cause ofthe trouble was a large black Labrador dog, which has been roaming thedistrict at will for several weeks.DESPONDENCYIs often caused by indigestion andconstipation, and quickly disappearswhen Chamberlain's Tablets are taken. For sale by all dealers.(Sept)!Bourbon CollegeFor Young LadiesOpens ,Tuesday, September gthPrimary, Preparatory and Collegiate Departments.Twelve in Faculty. All Specialists.Music, Art and Expression Unusually Strong.Bourbon College is situated on one of the highesLpoints in the City of Paris. Large and beautiful campus.Building fitted up with all modern conveniencies andequipments.For Annual, address,Mrs. M. G, Thomson, Principal,Paris, Kentuckyi999QW99 ?Ijmsh1 i,i.m. i wiw vjJvt-L.-rarSURg5Srg8i3IEwFmtiT)HiMBBMBUY NOW.Our Final Reductions on AllSUM MERFOOTWEAROffers YOU NOW the greatest opportunity of the Season for the purchase of YOUR FOOTWEAR SUPPLY for the family.Buying as we do in GREAT QUANTITIES we are able to offer YOU BEST UQALITYSHOES at a GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICES.We are now offering some EXTRAORDINARY VALUES IN LATEST STYLE PALLPC OT WEAR that we are now receiving daily forMEN, WOMEN and CHILDREN.It is TO YOUR ADVANTAGE TO TRADE AT OUR STORE, where Courteous andReliable Dealing Is Assured.fBtskiixaiiiieiaSe AN AHHs?zrwvi vssvv'jwyyoo.vvjaxtvvswni'iab. 11. " r ! 1wmmmm Jm3Pgi5ffN JXt&z&SREADBELOW. HOWAN OLDGENTLEMAN WHOHID HIS MONEYOVER THE CLOCKNEARLY LOST$000JAfter an intelligent old gentleman at the age of 76 dropped dead in hishome, his son found over TWO THOUSAND DOLLARS in PAPER MONEYover the old clock which stood on the wooden mantel, surrounding an opencrackling fire. Not even HIS OWN WIFE knew that much monev was thrpThe old gentleman was simply CARELESS. His son had married the townbanker's daughter, and the bank was trusted. Both the old gentleman'sMONEY and LIFE were in danger; for burglars have a way of LEARNINGwhere money is hidden, and FIRE at any time might have burned the house.Are YOU careless?Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $i00,000.00.J. M. HALL. PresidentSurplus, $40,000.00.C K. THOMAS. CashierwmwzmwmsryfejarrstfWe can outfit you with a dependablecamera at small expense.1 du I m1 WrfSr1 YT1!iJfe)Sole Agents for FamousWALK-OVER- AND -BEACON SHOESTHE BEST FOR MONEY.P3IllsIkfa -leg IMKiiiiliiiI mifffiBWj J5 1 IP iJiLf mitmistMaufipuiici'ufNo. 2A PockiBROWNIEMade by Kodak workmen in the Kodak factory, and works likethe Kodaks. Pictures, 2j4x4. Price, $7.00.Let us show you how easily you can make good pictures with oneof these simple cameras. .II JD.A.DTCOHENTV BROS.I!V :U&&-mmmmSmDAUOJIERf .