ONNEWSL'41 . i-PUBLISHED EVFKST TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCT. 14, 1913.CHILD KILLED BY .ACCIDENTALDISCHARGE OF A REVOLVER.sMssMMNgJBm mm mr?5-wt5v.-SstAlvin Silver PlateIs Made in But OneQuality-THE VERY BESTSee the George WashingtonPattern in Our WindowAs the result of an accidental discharge of a revolver in the hands ofJoe Claxton, colored, Nellie Davis,aged about three years, was instantly killed Saturday night about 8:30o'clock.The child was the daughter of IdaDavis, who lives" on Cypress street.The mother and two children were atthe home of Malinda Songo, on Pleasant street between Eleventh andTwelfth. Claxton had taken the bullets from a revolver and was handling the weapon when it was discharged the bullet entering the right shoulder of the child who was standingagainst his knee, passing through theheart and lungs and through the body.Death resulted instantly.Claxton, who is a highly respectednegro, is an employe of the firm ofJanuary & Connell, and is regarded asan honest and hard-working negro.He is frantic with grief over the accident, as he was devoted to the child.Coroner Rudolph Davis was notified and together with Patrolman Jas.Moreland he went to the home of theSongo woman where they conductedan investigation. From the statements of the inmates of the. house itwas evident the death of the childwas due to an accident."WE. KNOW HOW"tThe Time to ThinkAbout Your FallClothes is HereSUIT FOR HEAVY DAMAGESFILED IN CIRCUIT COURT.mLancaster PriceThe Best Flour For Less Money.Try a Sack and if Not Satisfactory weWill Refund Your fVloney, as We(Guarantee Every Sack.25 lbs. Lancaster Pride Flour $ .SO50 lbs. Lancaster Pride Flour 1 .oU100 lbs. Lancaster Pride Flour 3.10The best Northern Potatoes, per pk 30c(These are fancy white stock)Sweet Potatoes, per pk 35cCabbage, nice solid heads, per lb 3cDried Sliced Beef in glass jars 20c(Regular 25c value)Stone's Wrapped Cakes Received Fresh Everv Day.Both 'Phones 234T r I PNIHAIUI. U. L.L.I1I1MI1.m L,asn urocery. jMrs. Nannie K. Florence, throughher attorneys, Talbott & Whitley, ofthis city, has filed suit in the Bourbon Circuit Court, against Mr. JohnK. Northcott, a prominent businessman of Cynthiana, for damages inthe sum of $10,000 alleged to havebeen suffered by the plaintiff as a result of her horse becoming frightenedat an automobile belonging to the defendant and overturned the vehicle inwhich she was riding.The petition alleges"that on May 11,1913, an automobile driven by the defendant, his agent, employe whenabout two and one-half miles fromParis on the Paris and Ruddles Millspike, and going in the same direction in which she was driving, attempted to pass her vehicle andthrough negligence on the part ofthe driver of car, her horse wasfrightened, overturning the buggy.In the accident it is alleged Mrs. Florence sustained a fracture to her righthip and tore the tendons and muscles in the right limb near the knee.It is futher alleged that the plaintiffsuffered great physical and mentalpain as a result of the accident andthe sum of from between $250 and$300 had been expended during herillness to restore her to her formerhealthful condition, without resultand she prays for damages in theabove sum.Copyright. 1915.PROMINENT VETERINARIANLOCATES IN THIS CITY.Dr. H. M. Hamilton, a prominentveterinary surgeon, of Muncie, Ind.,has located in Paris for the practiceof his profesion and will soon openoffices. Dr. Hamilton comes with thevery highest recommendations fromleading veterinarians and surgeosfrom many parts of the country,which idicate that he is high up inthe profession.BOURBON FISCAL COURT MEETSIN SPECIAL SESSION.The Bourbon Fiscal Court met Saturday in called session with JudgeDenis Dundon presiding, but littlebusiness was transacted. SquiresBurris and Shropshire were appointeda committee to effect a settlementwith the County Road Supervisor.Woods & Cain were authorized towork the Clintonville and Paris pikeand the Clintonville & Thatchers Millroad under the supervision of theCounty Road Engineer, and the BoardEngineer was istructed to enter intoa contract with the firm at the rate of$10 per rod.&HIwmmmmTC?Combination Suits.5IPBURIED IN WEDDING GOWN.Boys' Blue Serge Suits, $5 io $12 jmmBoys' Hats and Caps. 50c to$1.50mmmT 9 1 -j. 1 iu .. cfnDoys oniris ana waisis, out gWkand $1.00Boys' Knee Pants 75c to $2 mximmmj?2W)fts&tjj4TTAND when you begin tostudy as to where youare going to buy that Suitor Overcoat, remember thatMitchell & Blakemore's storeis the place to come first.Our line of Stein Bloch andHersh-Wickwire's Suits andOvercoats arc surpassed bynone. In this store you willfind Clothes that are tailoredright, have that artistic touch in the designing that otherReady-to-Wear Suits have not. All the new shades andweaves. The two-tone Basket weave, Keltic cloth iGreys, Brown and the neat hair line stripes can be foundhere in styles to please the young man, as well as theconservative buyer of Clothes.Stetson Velour Hatt, the best hats in the world onsale now.IVIitcheH & Blakemore,8Outfitters to MenParis, Kentuckyvmam aBS,VlWmISiXiX&W.WWWWW9KHRn9raB90HHiTiiiiiiiiiiitiMixnirirLfinniiHiniiiiiiiMiiuniiLUU31Rjif&ftiarotfi KvWvKSTSSB HtiiB StfiB97AHMaMHHMHMaMMOTRIHiiii$$$HtimitmuinsiiiJinHmiiiu'iiiiiiimiimmiiiminirB? saws 53d:mFRANK & COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.AnnounceNow Ready For Your InspectionNew Fall and Winter StylesPRKM60.6iotiuersiand FurnishersmmSiSISilBliDressed in her wedding gown, MissBright Kelly, beautiful and popularsociety girl of Covington, who cameto her death early Wednesday morning when an automobile in which she,her fiance, Brent Arnold, Jr., of Cincinnati, and four friends were returning from a pre-nuptial dinner-dance atthe Miami Boat Club, turned turtleand pluged down an Embankment onthe Indian "Hill niVv wao lain nrest at Spring Grove cemetery Fridayaiternoon.Thes ervices, which were held atthe residence of the parents, Dr. andMrs. William H. Kelly, in Covington,were private, and were attended bya limited number of friends and immediate relatives. Although it hadbeen requested by the parents thatflowers be omitted, scores of the victim's friends had not been able torefrain from paying this last tributeto the unfortunate young woman. Thefloral wagon which followed the whitehearse that conveyed the remains ofMiss Kelly to the cemetery was packed to its utmost capacity with a massof beautiful bouquets and floral piecesthe tokens of the affection and sympathy for Miss Kelly, who was oneof the favorites in society circles ofthree cities.Along the sidewalks in front of theKelly home stood a crowd of sympa-tnizers ana mourners, standing aboutthe r.askp.t.. t.hfiir hpa.rfc: hnworl -otpvathe sorrow-stricken parents of the vie- jtim and four of her companions on thefatal ride Wedneday morning, amongthem Brent Arnold, Jr., whom the accident bereft of his intended wife.His head was bandaged and his faceand hands 'showed cuts and bruisessustained in the mishap.Theose" attending the funeral fromthis city were Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Alexander, Mrs. Belle Brent Alexander,Mrs. W. W. Haley, Mrs. Fannie BelleSutherland and Mr. Clay Sutherland.Ingg23ft a&3Ladies', Misses' and Junior'sSuits, Cloaks, Dresses""Silk and Evening Dresses- Evening Wraps and CoatsSilk and Crepe KimonasSeparate Skirts in Variety of StylesfAl'VMillinery at Popular Prices .Come in and Look Aroundainmiiiiimimminitiwuaaiiiiiiiim A$ mmmfflmwwM'jmmmmmmtom1 1 FRANK Sc Cj piIV i"Wl lTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBBER 14, 1913The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.MUST FILE DESCRIPTIONOF INDIVIDUAL RISKS.iJ1(iHWhy is the soda cracker todaysuch a universal food?People ate soda crackers in theold days, it is true but theybought them from a barrel orbox and took them home in apaper bag, their crispness andflavor all gone.Uneeda Biscuit soda crackersbetter than any ever made beforemade in the greatest bakeriesin the world baked to perfectionpacked to perfection kept toperfection until you take them,oven-fresh and crisp, from theirprotecting package. Five cents.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYSWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(.Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Published Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance."WILSON TAPS KEY;DYNAMITE BLASTS.The momentary touch of a key hythe President of the United StatesFriday, sent a flash of electricitythrough a continuous telegraph andtable connection of 4,000 miles, setTing off a gigantic blast of dynamite,which exploded the Gamboa dike, the3ast of the great physical barriers towater communication in the PanamaJanal.It was an extraordinaiy feat of telegraphy, especially planned for theoccasion.At precisely 2 o'clock Friday afternoon, President Wilson, by simplyclosing a telegraph key at the WhiteHouse, sent the current 'over land andsea, and just a few seconds latercame the message informing himthat the explosion had been successful.Our own bad luck doesn't worryus as much as the good luck otherpeople have.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, ?1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.FORTUNES MADE OUTOF WRECKED VESSELS.zhi.viV&tifmPi8'J&if1&Z7& '1.?&:"T25yvr"HAtot$HZZfBJMfWK3rm2$Botarbon Laundrym$D WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetfW ' asm 1a. OF$fixWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Xaundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes btfck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry.Paris Kentucky.The Best in the WorldThe Higgin All-MetalScreens,The Higgin All-Metal"Weather Strip.Distributors of the Walger NewcTHodel AwningThe Best Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris Massie" Hospital, A.J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others.Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought now for future delivery are "made at 2cents per square foot cherper.T. A. Hendricks,Sales Asrent SLexington, Ky. j9Phone 2585(New York Sun.)London Another instance of luckyspeculation in wrecks has been provided, a Melbourne firm havingbought a disabled ship for $1,840 andfound that it was worth 60,000. Theship was the Jean Bart, a Frenchbark of 1,981 tons net, and she hasjust been saved from entire destruction and has been towed into harborafter laying a battered wreck for twomonths.The bark was on a vovaee fromAntwerp to Wallaroo laden with 3,000 tons of pig iron and coke, whenshe ran aground on Waudang Island,in Spencer Gulf, South Australia.Her hold quickly filled, and it wassoon imposible to float her. For twomonths she was in this condition, thewhole after part of the ship beingunder water. Her Captain cabled tohis owners in France for orders, andreceived a reply to the effect that sheshould be sold by auction.A number of Australian firms sentrepresentatives to inspect the wreck,but none of them thought that it wasworth while to buy. It was confidently stated that the salvage was hopeless, but J. Bell & Co., grain merchants of Melbourne, made a bid, andthe wreck was sold for $1,840. Somecritics laughed and remarked thatthey were paying for a hold full ofwater which could not be raised.Messrs. Bell said nothing, but engaged a diver to inspect the vessel, andthen the news became known thatthe damage to the bark was onlyslight. A hole a little more than afoot in diameter had been torn inthe bow, and the diver reported thattins could be easily repaired.Work was begun at once, the water was pumped out of the rold afterthe hold had been plugged up, andafter the vessel was thus lightenedshe was towed off and beached. After that further repairs were carriedout, so that the ship could be broughtto Melbourne to be docked. The workwa successful. In spite of a strong&aic "S'h untjtiu uie vessel was towed by a powerful tug to her destination, and now it is seen that thevalue of the ship and cargo is over$80,000. It is believed that beforelong the Jean Bart will be sailing theseas again, for she is very little damaged. At Lloyds a newspaper representative was informed that though thisis regarded as one of the plums oftjhe business, there have been several similar ones. "Round the shoresof Britain every year," said a marinebroker, "therex are a number ofwrecks which would yield a largeprofit to any enterprising buyer, provided he had the necessary facilitiestosell or dispose of the property."Some time ago a steamer waswrecked off Yorkshire, and the buyer was a man who knew little aboutsuch matters, but he bought the v-i-selfor about $1,500. It was not abig ship, but she had a valuable cargoon board, and it was feared that thebottom had been ripped out of theship and the cargo lost. In the cargowas a large number of pictures. Fewfir(ms cared to touch the business,and the underwriters let it go for thesum stated. But the ship was inspected and raised, and then, to thesurprise of everbodv. t.hA ovsm -n-aej discovered to be little worse for itsimmersion, nie property sold fornearly $50,000."There was onother case a year orso ago of a ship which was wreckedwith a valuable cargo on the coastof Africa. She was given up ashopeless and sold for a song. Thenew owner took a sporting chanceKnowing tne value of the cargo ofchartering a ship and sailing out tothe wreck. He succeeded in raisingher and towed her to Gibraltar. Herethe cable parted and she was lost fortwo days, but ultimately was foundagain and brought to the Thames.That ship is still sailing the seas under another name and the ownermade his fortune out of the dpal.'Few people have any idea that wehave scores of wrecks lying aroundour shores. In some cases they areentirely abandoned to anyone whocares to take the 'pickings,' but inothers they have been sold to localfirms for small sums. Even theamount of iron and wood in somehulls would pay for the cost of salvage. One easily remembers the fateof the Oceana, which went down offFolkstone ;the Mahratta on the Godwins, and the Preussen. From theLizard one can see quite a number ofwrecks on the coast line, and it hasoften been suggested that if theseboats were savrt systematically ,aA special from Frankfort, says fireinsurance companies in Kentuckymust keep on file the "make up" ofall individual rates in risks writtenin the State hereafter and file a duplicate in the office of the State Rating Board. The board adopts basicrates, which are varied by the companies writing the risks, according tothe character of the building constructed and the special hazards andexposures. So many complaints of increased premiums have come insince the basic rates were reducedon dwelling property that the boardhas promulgated this new rule, sothat it will have on file data concerning every risk written in the State.The board has requested that alldwelling house owners, who have agrievance, to file complaints. TheDoard considered a number of complaints from Elizabethtown, Frankfort and Somerset, which will be investigated. The board also notified insurancecompanies, which asked for an extension of time on the recording ofrisks written, with losses and premiums, that they must begin keepingthe record now. and any explanationsrequired will be made as they areasked for.Russellville, whose Mayor and CityCouncil complained the city had arbitrarily been placed in a higher classfor insurance rates by the companies,was was placed back in the fourthand one-half class with the samerates that prevailed before the companies placed them in the fifth class.The insurance companies alleged thatthe water plant had not sufficient capacity to furnish adequate fire protection. The city is attaching itspipes to two big railroad tanks to beused in case of emergency, and theboard considered that this removesthe obstacle to a ruduction in rates.The companies have thirty days' notice before this goes into effect.WOMAN'SPROBLEMIn the looking-glriss a worn-m often see3 wrinkles, hollow circles under eves"crow a feet, "-all because she did not turn to the right remedy when worndown with those troubles which are distinctly feminine. Backache headachepains, lassitude, nervousness and drains uj-on vitality bring untol'd sufferingto womanhood and the fice shows it. The nervous system and the enti-1womanly make-up feels the tonic effect of wu.jDt PIERCE'S FAVORITEit allays and subdues nervous cxc'tability, irritabilitr, ncrrou3 exhaustion, andother distressing symptoms commonly attendant upon functional and organicdiseases of the is.-ninine orf-an-i it- inAnna r,,j,:,. r.i j -i:,..,.orfRrn. Th in1iia otVolJr, r-iz-mmental anxictv rnd desDon(?enfi Tr-- .Bn,.i,M .i -r Anas tne standard rempdrfnrodtaom t ..,.. -v- a .i : j::sells it in liquid or sugar-coated tablet form; or you ain send 50 one-centtablets. Addres3N.Y.ca iu , nqum or sugar-coatea tablet form; or you cm senstamps for a trial box of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription tabDr. E. V. Pierce, Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute, EulFalo,2R. PIERCE'S PLEASANT PELLETS PECULATE AND INVIGORATE;STOMACH, LIVER AND BOWELS. SUGAR-COATED TINY GRANULES jli umm JgPiBPwwjt'HVT'iJWM lllav;iTlAr?"?yp7:rggrAVOID SEDATIVECOUGH MEDICINESIf you want to contribute directlyto the occurrence of capillary bronchitis and pneumonia, use couch medicines that contain codine, morphine,heroin and other sedatives when youhave a cough or cold. An expectorant like Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is what is needed. That cleansout the culture beds or breedingplaces for the germs of pneumoniaand other germ diseases. That iswhy pneumonia never results from acold when Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is used. It has a world-wide reputation for its cures. It contains nomorphine or other sedative. For sale Iby all dealers. (adv) i(Oct) , I: nniiimnii IHot Facts About Fuel!If you have been a housekeeper any lengthof time you have probably tried different kindsof COAL. And after all kinds of experiences and complaints you know there is justone kind of FUEL that gives absolute satisfaction always, that is Fox RidgeCoal. Remember you cannot order tooearly to avoid the high priees.Dodson & DentonThe Home ofGood CoalYards, South Mam St. Both Phon 14ftiUULlliilBIHS932 And Full Line of58 Choice Records I6 m131 Ai $15 to $500 1See Display.NATIONAL5c and 10cStoreOct 3 tfflk SEW TELEPHONE DIRECTORYtelephone directory will soon be issued.. The new list will be corrected up to November Ut and wstates that all those who wish to make aiS ftdrlfa&ior to have their names placed in the new diSry should col'muaicate with him at once. ' anuum Lom"Those who are contemplating installing telephones in theirhomes or offices should act promptly in order that thefr namesmay appear properly in the new directoryMuf$elFl($d ,?tates that there wiI1 be a number of nernames added to the list and that the growth of the exchange hISis a strong indication of the progress of Paris. : excnane nereCumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedladies, Take a Look ?ATTwin Bros. Department Store.New Arrival ofLadiss' Stylish Fall Suits, Coats. Skirts,Waists, Millinery, Shoes, Etc,VogueiClothes !FORYoung Gentlemen sA Special Feature with us. 82 Suits andOvercoats2J $18.00 to$20.00!I sKing Quality Shoes for3 8Men and Boysm99Handsome Drygoods and Fall Drygoodsand Silks.Oetll Inflflii Sluu DuUdnmem SioiCorner Seventh and Main'Ste.esaamenssnBInstead of Wood Shingles orMafeIII I A MIi inyyiiio u ridiiiidyanr..i wuuyie DUfiaingJ Oct 3 tfXJv V' v' 2-V - 7 It' s!rW 3 ZSsQgZgrI t-f"W"'CORTRIGHTMetal ShinglesThe roofing that lasts as long asthe building and never needsrepairs.They Won't bum. crack curl nr rotlike wood shingles, nor have thev thegreat weight or brittleness of stone slate;esides they are inexpensive and look better than either.For Sale byYiiwkMraaifo-23-seot-tfmI in this way?"Be&t & Hawkins, Miflersbursr- Ky.twA1HL BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBBER 14,. 1913MMMMW-rto fall numim' If you are looking for a good ,Suit or Overcoatat reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, here is the placeto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Overcoats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we areoffering them as a special inducement forS12 98We also have a full line of Schloss Bros guaranteed;hand-tailored Suits for $15 to $25, Emerson Shoes at $4and $5, ?Jso Stetson and Hawes Von Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise can be had at a price thatwill please your pocket-book.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L Wollstcin, Proprietor.AGRICULTURAL EXTENSIONSTART AN APPLE ORCHARDITheAmericanAddingMacMnThe Latest AdderCosts But $35See our exhibit ask for10 days' trialHere is a new price on a competent Adder. On a maelnne thatis rapid, full size and infallibleThe very latest machine, builtby men who know how, in oneof the largest metal-working shopsIt is an individual Adder, to beplaced on one's desk, close to one'sfcoks and papers. To take theplace of the central machine, requiring skilled operators.The price is due to utter siinp'icity, and to our enormous output. Seven keys do all the work."Rach conied number isshown up for checking before the addition is made.The machine will add, subtract and multiply. With veryslight practice anyone cancompute a hundred figures aminute. And the machinenever makes mistakes.Countless offices, large andsmall, are getting from thesemachines the highest class ofservice.Now we make this offer so thatoffices everywhere may lear whatthis machine means to them.1 0 Days' TestWe will gladly place in anyoffice one American Adder for aThere will be no obligation,ten-days' test,and charges will be prepaid.Combpare it with any non-lister-eventhe costliest. Let anyone use it. See if any machinecan serve better than this.Just send us this coupon andwe'll send the machine.'Please send us an American Adding Machine for ten days' free trial.Name1 Street AddressCityStateManufactured andlGuaranteed byAMERICAN CAN COMPANY, CHICAGOSoldiby Joseph Candioto Co., Lexington, Ky.The site for an orchard shouldnot 'be low or level, but it should belocated on land that is somewhatrolling so as to provide good airdrainage. Care must be taken notto plant the trees on too steep ahillside, because of the difficulties inspraying, tilling and harvesting.Broad, fiat bottom lands above a riverare often good, because- the river"draws" the frost and the land isvery easily worked.The Question of exposure is ofprime importance in the planting oftrees. In general, northern and eastern slopes are more fertile than southern or western slopes. A northern oreastern slope is to be preferred in,this region because such exposureaids in holding back the buds in the; spring when there is danger of damage by freezing. Where early ripening fruits are wanted it is probablybetter to plant on land with a southern exposure. If there happens to bea river flowing close by, advantageshould be taken of the slope facingit regardless of the way the land lies,unless it is altogether too steep. Theriver will serve to ward off the frost.Apples thrive on a great variety ofsoils but in general they seem to dobest on well drained loam. Any landthat will grow good crops of corn orIrish potatoes is considered fit for anorchard, provided the location issuch that the land will drain readily.Trees can not thrive in thin, badlyworn soil or where an imervious subsoil is near the surface. Such a soilis likely to hold too much moisture,thereby causing the trees to bestunted and weakly. If it is necessary to plant an orchard in a soilthat holds too much moisture, provision should be made for artificialdrainage before the trees is planted.Tile is the most satisfactory form ofdrainage to install, even if the initial cost is a little high. Brush andstone drains are unsatisfactory because they have to be taken up andreplaced too often in order to keepthem in good working order.Soil containing abundant plantfood should be selected for the orchard so as to insure a hardy, vigorous growth from the very start. Itis poor practice to crop land for several years, thereby exhausting thesoil of the plant food, and then plantit to fruit trees expecting them tocare for themslves. Kentucky hasmany orchards started in just thismanner and in nearly every case theyhave failed. It is best to beginbuilding up the soil, one or two yearsprevious to the planting, by sowingsome leguminous crop and turning itso as to supply plenty of humus andmoisture to the trees. Young growingtrees demand a large amount of nitrogen and moisture in order to makea thrifty growth, and a little work inbuilding up a soil will be well repaidin short time.Before locating an orchard for commercial purposes it is well to go intoa community where apples are already being grown commercially because the markets in such a regionare already well established. Thefact that there are no orchards in aregion should not prevent one fromgoing into the fruit business provided he has the proper conditions.For an orchard to be successful itshould be located where there is aj good market or where the transportation facilities are good. Plant asclose a railroad as possible so as toavoid long hauls and danger of bruising the fruit before it reaches themarket. There are many fine fruitlocations to be found in Kentucky,close to good markets and withineasy hauling distance of the railroads.The land in many cases can bebought very cheap and with a littletime and work it can be made valuable for orchard purposes.The Extention Department of theKentucky Experiment Station givesfree assistance where possible to allj kinds of agricultural enterprises.J. H. CARMODY,Asst. Horticulturist,Kentucky Experiment StationLexington, Ky.AMDTruck Replaced Thre TeamstIn eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden was 37 17.20thsnst carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee,'' writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction. ,Note these striking KisselKar features Simple engine easy to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geai ed up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easy control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need.JCi'sselJCcir TJrucka1 500 ibs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn the range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which is themanufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it. m .Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Trucksirfactual use in your line and many otherlines of business.ie foJiowSng Lines of business HaveRecenfclybought Kissel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry, Bakery, Confection jry, Tee, Coal,Farming, Hardware, lee Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Underbakiug and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suitthoneeds ot'any businessQ Phone 2105. 513 West Main Street, Lexington, Ky. ftR. HUKLEKENTUCKY CROP REPORTFOR OCTOBER IS ISSUED.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIKECTOfi AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DA 187; NIGHT 299.WOMEN WHO GET DIZZY.8 Pans Odorless Cleaning Co.Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedjto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless CleaningCo., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid GlovesICleaned, short, 10c; long 25cEvery woman who is troubled withfainting and dizzy spells, backache,headache, weakness, debility, constipation or kidney troubles, should useElectric Bitters. They give reliefwhen nothing else will, inprove thehealth, ading strength and vigor fromthe first dose. Mrs. Laura Gaines, ofAvoca, La., says: "Four doctors hadgiven me up and my children and allmy friends were looking for me todie, when my son insisted that I usejuiectric Bitters. I did so, and theyhave done me a world of good." Justtry them. 50c. and $1.00 at all druggists, or by mail.H. E. Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia orSt. Louis. (adv)(Oct.)SEE IF THE CHILD'STONGUE IS COATEDIf Cross, Feverish, Constipated, Give"California Syrup of Figs."FT AIS ""X is theCarelessly Treated ColdSCOTT'SJEMULSIOXCttUVttM.rsource of most sickness because druggedpills, syrups and alcoholic mbctures areuncertain and unsafe.Scott's Emulsion has been relied upon byphysicians for forty years as the safe and sensibleremedy to suppress the cold and build up theenfeebled forces to avert throat and lung troubles.Don't tolerate alcoholic substitutes, but insiston the Genuine Scott's Emulsion One bottle usually.i ..;? r f x LFasts Longer man a coiu. jvery aruggisi nas zc. 13 75SCQTTlKmNqUJAAM mm.'uti f.-nrriTLook at the tongue, mother! Ifcoated, it is a sure sign that your little one's stomach, liver and bowelsneed a gentle, thorough cleansing atonce.When peevish, cross, pale listless,doesn't sleep, doesn't eat or act naturally, or is feverish, stomach sour,breath bad; has stomachache, sorethroat, diarrhoea, full of cold, give ateaspoonful of "California Syrup ofFigs" and in a few hours all the foul,constipated waste, undigested foodand sour bile gently moves out of itslittle bowels without griping, andyou havea well, playful child again.You needn't coax sick children totake this harmless "fruit laxative;"they love its delicious taste, and italways makes them feel splendid.Ask your druggist for a 50-cent bottle of "California Syrup of Figs."which has directions for babies, chil-f dren of all ages, and for grown-ups,plainly on the bottle, Beware ofcounterfeits sold here. To be sureyou get the genuine, ask to see thatit is made by "California Fig SyrupCompany." Refuse any other kind.with contempt. (adv)4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsVour Deposits Arc GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO RISKSif You Are InterestedWrite UsThe October crop report of theState Department of Agriculture wasissued Friday. It says in part:"Seventy-one per cent, of the darktobacco is already in the house andis curing fairly well, as is indicatedby a condition of 83 per cent. Seventy-twoper cent, of the burley tobacco is in the house, and the condition is indicated as 82 per cent. , 'The general impression gatheredfrom crop correspondents is that the; X7ipff Xiri'l 1PP1 discouraged,crop of tobacco will not be either a '' UCfL yJU CCt coufused, nerlaree one 65 Der cent, of a crop nor . vous. tired, worried or despondent it is awill it be one of extra quality. I sure sign yoa need MOTT'S NERVERINEne crop 01 wneat nas not ueeii i-il.l3. xney icucw mc numid n' uput in the ground as early as usual, make life worth living. Be sure and ask foronly 53 per cent, having been sown Tut -.. Novraawi PJ1U Price $1-00October 1. Indications are not for a Mott S INerverme r.HS b d j tslarge acreage of wheat for next year. , WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props.. Cleveland, OhioDry weather has interfered very ma-, h Qberdorfer, Druggist, Paris. Ky.. .lernuiy wiin. uie sowing, rasimcaare still in poor shape, the generalrains not being sufficient to materially alter the condition. Bluegrasspastures are given as 70 per cent.,orchard grass at 77 per cent., cloverat 63 per cent., and alfalfa at 76 percent. The percentage of winter apples is small, being given at 60 percent."The turkey crop is below the average, reports showing only 86 per ,cent. The percentage of ducks is 88, jand the percentage of chickens is90."In this report the Department hasundertaken to find out the percentageof cattle, as compared with the usualyear, that are going into feed lotsthis season. The dry pastures,scarcity of water and scarcity of feedwould necessarily cut down the number of stock kept for the winter. Indications are that only 72 per cent,of cattle are on feed. Hogs on feedalso show a marked decline from anaverage year as indicated by 71 percent."There is practically a unanimouscomplaint from all sections of theState as to the scarcity of water,shortness of grass and lack of feed."Farmers are urged to sow covercrops, particularly rye, barley andhairy vetch, for winter pasture inorder to save feed bills. Those farmers who have silos have been exceedingly fortunate in being ableto save much fodder where the careof corn failed to materialize. It ishard to find a ray of sunshine in sucha bad crop year as this season hasproven to be. However, if our farmers take advantage of the lessonthis has taught, it may prove to bea blessing in disguise. If this drouthonly teaches the farmer the value ofa silo and the value of cover, cropsfor winter, they may yet be richeras a result of the drouth."lew BarbershopWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDUNION STATE BAMMuskogee, OklahomaThe smallest electric central station in the United States is at Sacramento, Nev., which is operated by athree-horse power coal oil engine, andits total load consists of thirty incandescent lamps. -rCapital $100,000Fully PaidCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,.(Next to Bourbon Bank)CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite Attention,and Cold 1 Baths atHotAllFor Sale.Beautiful Residence!"Hidaway," the beautiful residence Jof W. G. Massie, on Vine street, isjfor sale. The handsome place is anideal home, with all modern conveniences. Mr. Massie will be at homefor the next two weeks to show pros-t Vill cureBilHd,Breedln$c and Itchinr Prtpective purchasers through the houseand premises. Anyone desiring to purchase an elegant and permanent homewill do well to look this property over,as it is seldom such places are put onthe market. 3-4t ,.hoursNo Long Waits.Share of the Public Patfjronage Solicited.PILES! pWILLIAMS Itfd?: 3:&t5PILES!'MLE OHTMEIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching at Ouacts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c aad 21.rWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, 01L. Obardorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.JASTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., OCTOBER 4, 1913'I'sti1 A 3!iSilverwareThat is the product of the world's bestsilversmiths and marry pieces that rivalin workmanship the best efforts of theold masters.While our prices are very" moderate,it has been our constant endeavor tooffer only silverware of highest quality, .without competition for cheapness."The Home of Quality"For Jewelry"Shire 3& Fithian,PARIS, KENTUCKYSTUCK AND FARM NOTESWill Hayes, a farmer of Point-iexter, Harrison county, this weekrested the second crop of tobaccois season from a tract of land con-ling about one acre. The secondis better than the first, which-mms exceptionally good, consideringm& season.CHILD WILL BELONG TO FATHER EVERY OTHER SUNDAY.In the case of Mrs. Maggie Rogers McClintock, of Paris, against Jas,M. McClintock, of Paris, for the custoiy of a bright-eyed little daughter,JuSge Kerr, in Fayette Circuit Court,decided Saturday that the mother mayhave custody of the child except onalternate Sundays. The pair was divorced about one year ago.The historic Chateau of Chenonceaux, near Tours, France, came underthe hammer recently and was boughtlafMenier, the chocolate manufacturcr, for $374,000.OOO,8marketHouse,8th and Main Sts.No CreditNo PhonesNo DeliveryPAY CASHCarry yourGoods Homeand Save theDifferenceWe Cut Down the HighCost of LivingM. J. Heller& Co.emImzItMIIMettHHMMHmetlgMIHtMlWESTERN UNIONSUED BY L.&. N.Suit was filed in Lexington Friday,by the Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company against the WesternUnion Telegraph Company to re-cover uzfa:i.yb, anegea to oe tor .the use of the railroad company's ipoles, wires and electric appliances !from August 17, 1912, to December 1following.ine peuuon aiieges tnat tne western Union used the wires and otherequipment of the company after theexpiration of the twenty-five-yearlease the Western Union was to havelease the Western Union kas to haveuse of the railroad company's equipment along the right of way in Kentucky, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Missouri, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, Ohio, Tennessee and Virginia.FOR SCHOOL CHILDREN.We have the best line of schoolshoes ever brought to Paris, for bothboys and girls. Come in and see theBaby Doll Shoe, the latest thing out.(14oct2t) GEO. McWILLIAMS.WHITE MAN FINED FORCARRYING CONCEALED WEAPONSIn Squire Fretwell's court yesterdayWill McWilliams, a white man, employed at the construction camp ofDuane & Carland, was fined $25 andgiven ten days in jail for carrying arevolver concealed on his person.McWilliams was arrested at Austerlitzby Deputy Sheriff J. O. Marshall.MARRIED AND SEPARATEDSAME DAY, SAYS WIFE.Alleging abandonment Mrs. Frances Howard, of Lexington, has instituted suit for divorce against her husband, Samuel R. Howard. They wereseparated the same day they weremarried. They were married in Parisin March, 1911.DENTON FARM SOLDAT PUBLIL AUCTION.Auctioneer M. F. Kenny sold Saturday for J. T. Denton, administratorof James Denton, a small farm onthe Ruddels Mills and Paris pike,about two and one-half miles fromParis, containing a fraction less thantwenty acres of land, to H. H. Earlywine, for $3,565.At the same time the sale of farming implements and household goodsof Mr. Walter Florence was held.Cows brought from $62 to $86; horsesfrom $19 to $252.50; chickens, . 50cents each; turkeys, $1.25; farmingimplemnts ad household goodsbrought good prices. Good crowd and"pirited bidding. Mr. Florence andfamily will go to Versailles to-day tolocate permanently.DEATHS.LEERMr. Henry Leer, aged 77 years,died Thursday evening near Midway,Ky., the direct cause of his death being heart failure.Mr. T.eer was born in Bourboncounty, near Paris, and had made Mid-way his home, having resided therehis brother, Mr. James Leer, of Midway, for several years. Mr. Leer wasnever married, and retired from busines some years ago. He was wellknown, and was a consistent memberof the Christian' church.His funeral services were held inthe Paris cemetery Saturday -afternoon at 2 o'clock. Mr. Leer joinedthe Confederate army in 1862, andwas interred with the Confederateceremony. The pall-bearers weremembers of the immediate family:Messrs. Green Clay, Charles Leer,John, A. Leer, C. Leer and CourtlandLeer.BBALARTMrs. Lizzie Bearlet, aged 70, diedSunday evening at 6 o'clock at theresidence of her sister, Mrs. H.O'Neal, on Cypress street, after aprotracted illness. About four yearsago Mrs. Bearlet suffered a stroke ofparalyisis and has since been an invalid. She is survived by three sons,Sherman and John Bearlet, of Bourbon, and Ray Beartlet, of Missouri.Four sisters also survive, Mrs. Fowler, of this county, Mrs. Neal, of Paris,and Mrs. Mitchell, of Lexington.The funeral services were held yesterday afternoon at the grave in theParis cemetery, conducted by Rev.W. E. Ellis. The pall-bearers were:J. H. Stivers, Joe W. Stivers, MarionHall, George Errion, W. W. Burleyand J. T. Hall.AMENT.Mrs. Rebeca Ament, aged 83 years,died at 7 o'clock Sunday evening atthe home of her daughter, Mrs. B. B.Marsh, on the Maysville pike, after along illness.Mrs. Ament had been an invalidfor about nine years, and about twoyears ago suffered a stroke of paralysis, from which she never recovered. She was the widow of Mr. GeorgeH. Ament, for a number of years aprominent farmer of Bourbon county,who owned a large farm near Hutchison, this county. Thirty-two yearsago he disposed of his possessionshere and located in Marshall, Mo.,where they resided until his deathten years ago, i when Mrs. Ament returned to Kentucky and took up herresidence with her daughter.She is suvived by five daughters,Mrs. B. B. Marsh, of this city, Mrs.Minnie Emerson, of Oklahoma City,Okla.; Mrs. Josie Bartlett, of Chandler, Okla.; Mrs. S. P. Harris and Mrs.C. H. Harris, of Blackwater, Okla.;and three sous, Charles, of Blackwater, Okla.; Robert, of Sparks,Okla., and H. D. Ament, of St. Louis,Mo.Mrs. Ament was one of the bestknown and most highly respectedwomen of the county. She was a r-,v , t i . imember of the Christian church and pZJ i, M?S production otpossessing a charitable and kindly "? B roadhurat o wonderfully atdisposition, won the admiration of actlv.e ?lay' BouSht and Paid For,'all who knew her and who will mourn I "le leieaB SllCCf -S oC NeT- YrH andher loss. In late years she has been fe?0'J n - se.nsatl0V .ourconfined to her home through illness,but her suffering was born with thefGrutude of a Christian woman.The funeral services will be heldthis afternoon at 3 o'clock, conductedby Rev. W. E. Ellis, of the Christianchurch. The burial will take nlace inthe Paris cejnetery.The pall-bearers will be BuffWood, Wm. Hinton, B. J. Wheat, Jno.Wright, William Myall and M . R.Jacoby.BODIES RE-INTERRED.The bodies of Mrs. Annie T.Mitchell and Mrs. Susan B. Mitchell,were removed from the cemetery atFulton and re-interred in the familylot in North Middletown Friday. Thebodies have beeii buried in the Fultoncemetery for fome time.ADCOCK WILL SUILD NEWHOME IN WINCHESTER."Mr. B. F. Adcock, of Winchester,formerly of this city, has let a contract for the erection of a new residence in that city on a site he recently purchased. The new structure will be of eight rooms and modernin every particular.NEGRO DANCE AT NORTH MIDDLETOWN ENDS IN FIGHT.A negro dance at North Middletown Saturday night ended in a fightin which Dillard Haley, colored, wascut and seriously though not fatallyinjured. Two negroes, Will Stiversand John Brooks, are charged withthe offense, and yesterday Haleycame to Paris, where he secured awarrant for the arrest of the twomen. It is alleged that Brooks inflicted the knife wound, which extended from about one inch abovethe left eye to the point of the chin,cutting the eyelid, but the optic wasuninjured. The affair occurred atKerrville, a small negro suburb aboutone mile from North Middletown.NORTH MIDDLETOWN CHURCHTO BE DEDICATED OCT. 19.Dedicatory services of the NorthMiddletown Christian Church will beheld on Sunday, October 19, at 10:30o'clock, Rev. .W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Paris Christian Church, willpreach the services and alargecrowdisexpected.The new church is a beautiful.structure and a monument to the spirit and generosity of the North Middletown people. They are to be "congratulated not only upon the successof their efforts to build such a handsome house of worship, but also onthe fact that the new edifice will bededicated t entirely free from debt,every cent of the cost having beenpaid.A large attendance is expected atthe deication and the ladies will prepare a simple lunch tfor those who arepresent. The occasion will be one ofI solemn rejoicing.MATRIMONIALENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCED.Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Xiitsey, ofHarrodsburg, announce the engagement of their daughter, Miss Jessica,to Mr. William Cooper, of this city.The wedding will taKe place at thehome of the bride-to-be in November.Miss Litsey is one of the most popular young women of Harrodsburg,and is well-known in this city, wherefor several years she was a studentat the Bourbon Female College. Sheis exceedingly pretty and attractiveand highly accomplished.Mr. Cooper, who is a son of Mr.and Mrs. J. M. Cooper, of this city,is an attache of the Paris postofficein the capacity of mailing clerk. Heis a very industrious young man, andis popular with a large circle orfriends.A mariage license was issued Saturday by County Clerk Paton to Mr.Thomas Dwelly and Miss Bessie Belle) Hughes, an attractive couple iromnear Millersburg.Handsomely engraved invitationshave just been issued to the marriageof Miss Sue Ford Offutt, of Georgetown, and Mr. William Kenney Ferguson, of Paris., and read as follows:Mr. and Mrs. Reuben Offuttrequest the honor of your presenceat the marriage of their daughterSue Ford-toMr. Will Kenney Fergusonon the evening of Wednesday Octoberthe twenty-second,nineteen hundred and thirteenat eight o'clockMaplewood, Georgetown, Ky.EVANS-FOERTEMEYER.""" Miss Carrie Virginia Evans, ofFort Thomas, and Mr. William EvansFoertmeyer, of Cincinnati, were united in marriage yesterday afternoonat one o'clock in the parlors of theWindsor Hotel, Rev. B. M. Shive,pastor of the Presbyterian Church,officiating.Thee ouple came to Paris yesterday morning on the Louisville andand Nashville train arriving here at10:24 and having made all of the previous arrangements secured a marriage license from County Clerk PearcePaton. They were accompanied tothis city by Mr. Carl Fozzer and MissAlice Wray, both of Cincinnati.The couple came to Paris yesterof Fort Thomas' most prominent families, was attractively attired in abeautiful gray traveling suit. Mr.Foermeyer is one of the most prominent young pharmacists of Cincinnatiand is a relative of Coroner Foertmeyer, of that city.The couple returned to Cincinnatilast night.THEATRICAL"Bought and Paid Fr."LTTf 1 c V r i'nesday' ct 15' Seats for the en-,u.jci:icni, uic uii aaic emu auiung iubi."Bought and Paid For" is a forcefulstory, including characters of peoplein all walks of life, from the struggling telephone operator to the imulti-millionaire, around whom the story iswritten. The characters are seemingly alive, sympathetic and soulful.This unusual production renders William A. Brady the peer of producerswhen the cost of the cast and scenicequipment are to be reckoned with.The production is most elaborate,every piece of furniture, bric-a-brac,draperies, and even the floor coverings are carried with the production.An unusual dramatic treat is promised, (adv)"Belasc's Wizardry."David Belasco has often been accused of being a "magician," but nothing he has ever done so thoroughlyjustifies that characterization as hisproduction of "A Good Little Devil,"which will be at the Grand OperaHouse, Cincinnati, during the weekbeginning Monday, Oct. 20."A Good Little Devil" is a fairyplay, written by Madame Edward Rostand and her son, Maurice Rostand,wife and son of the celebrated Frenchpoet. A pretty story attaches to theirjoint authorship. It seems that during the several years that M. Rostand was engaged upon the writingof "Cyrano de Bergerac," his wifeand little son were of necessity leftto their own resources for pleasureand diversion. Madame Rostandhad a pretty knack for making upfairy stories "out of her head," andthese home-made tales her little sonloved better than any she read frombooks. Indeed, he liked them so well,particularly the one they called "UnBon Petit Diable," that Maurice prevailed on his mother to "write it in abook,"which, to please the lad, shedid, copying it all very carefully, andleaVing blank spaces where the littleMaurice could supply the illustrationswith his colored crayons.Young Master Rostand grew up,went away to school, and his beloved"Good Little Devil" was forgotten until a couple of years ago. At thattime, encouraged by M. Rostand, themother and son made a real play outof it, wliich was produced last yearinParis. Mr. Belasco immediatelyobtained the English rights, and,thanks to his wizardry, the playgoingpublic of Cincinnati will have an opportunity of witnessing what hasbeen pronounced his greatest achievement in dramatic presentation.The scenic settings of the play areon a scale of magnificence which excels any of Belasco's former productions. Several carloads of sceneryare carried, and an army of mechanics". is needed to handle it.There are numerous transformations to fairyland in which the electrical effects are most wonderful.The great original New York cast!:j will appear. (adv)HfJiUFormerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Ky.A Selection Wonderful inAssortment ofNew FallSuit!A Beautiful Showing iof Afternoon andEveningGownsISpeciafi Display IDuring the Trots!j Outof-Town Visitors Are CordiS ally Invited to the Use ofI Our Rest Rooms Whilein Lexington.WOLF, WILLexington, Ky.,1V1Tr"''''1"'f'--"' " '-- "-'''" ' ' ' lH1MTW.ll II'HEDo you see this picture ? Well this is a common occurrence. The papers contain accounts almost daily of wherepeople lose their money by hiding it in. unsafe placas. If you.want to HIDE your money hide it behind our thick walls andstrong locks where it will be safe.We refer those who have not banked with us to those?who HAVE.- Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapital, SiOOjOOO.GO. Surplus, $40,000.00.J. M. HALL. PresidentANNOUNCEMENT !t -Cbe Paris Route Celepbone and Ctkgrapb 0o.A Kentucky corporation, has purchased the property and plant ofthe Bourbon County Home Telephone Company, and will continuethe business as an Independent Telephone Company, connectingwith Independent Toll Lines and over 100,000 Home TelephoneSubscribers in Kentucky.The business of the Company will be under the direct supervision of J. J. Veatch, District Manager. New cable is being; installed, open wire removed, andergy service will be provided forCall contract department andGo. ICoats and III II I IMMCTyHID HIS MONEY INTHE GROUND. ITS GONEIF HE HAD HIDDEN IT INOUR SANK IT VOULDBE SAFE NOWC: K. THOMAS. Cashiermodern, up-to-date, central .en-xour subscribers.order your telephone now.2$fc-THEJ BOURBON NEWS, PARiS, KY., OCTOBER 14, 1913HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADESOCIAL ANU PERSONALSee two Kitchen Cabinets in window. $1.00 off of price every day.J. T. HINTONCANE RIDGE SCHOOLTO HAVE BOX SUPPERThe Cane Ridge school will have abox supper at the school' buildingnext Friday evening, Oct. 17, the proceeds to go to the benefit of theschool. Mason Forsythe, auctioneer.REST RIGHT.-Buy a Fairy Felt Mattress and WaySagless Springs you'll sleep some.J. T. HINTON.JUDGE ALLIE YOUNGQUITS THEBENCH.Miss Lucy Simjns is visitingfriends in Richmond.4 Mrs. Luther Rice left Saturdayfnr n viaif -nrffh r-iA s tjjONE DOLLLAR LESS EVERY DAY. uui.tuap-Misses Willie and Florence Kennedy, of near Paris, are visiting relatives in Harrison county.Mr. George Erion has Teturnedto his home in this city after a shortvisit to friends in Maysville.Mrs. Rebecca Hughes is quite illat the home of Mr. and Mrs. W. E.Board, suffering with jaundice.Mrs. J. Morgan Brown, of thiscity, leaves to-day for Chicago tovisit her sister, Mrs. Thomas B. Conway. Rev. and Mrs. F. J. Cheek havereturned to their home in Danvilleafter a brief visit to relatives in thiscity.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Brittingham,of Lexington, spent Sunday with Mrs.Nettie Hibler and other relatives andfriends.Misses Louise Steele and Katherine Marsh were at home for theweek-end from Margaret College,Versailles.The Woman's Society of theChristian church will meet this afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, in the parlorsof the church.Misses Etta Duchemin and AlmaBriendel, of Elmwood Place, Cincinnati, are the charming guests of Mrs.Hattie Hutchcraft Hill, in ThorntonDivision.Mrs. W. B. Woodford is in Richmond, Va., at the bedside of her aunt,Mrs. Laura H. Myers, who is seriouslyill at the home of her son-in-law,the Rev. George W. Kemper.Mr. W. H. Harris, who has beenconfined at Massie Hospital for thepast week, recovering from a surgical operation, was able to be removed to his home on Vine street,yesterday.Mr. Charlton Clay entertainedthe following house party at his country home, "Marchniont,"' for the weekend: Miss Mary Leonard Cassell,,Miss Anna Clay McDowell and Mrs.Edward Stoll, of Lexington.Mrs. Alexander B. White, ofParis, Tenn., President-General ofthe Daughters of the Confederacy,who has been attending the StateConvention at Winchester, is theguest of Mrs. Thompson Tarr, at herhome near this city.A beautiful society event of theThe resignation of Judge Allie W.Young, of the Twenty-first district,was accepted Saturday by GovernorJMcCreary, who appointed WilliamYoung, his brother, to succeed him.JUST IN.A new line of Davenports and China Cabinets.J. T. HINTON.EASTERN STAR CHAPTERTO MEET THIS EVENING.There will be a special meeting ofJitris Chapter No. 167 O. E. S. thisevening at 7:30 o'clock. The members of the order are requested to bein attendance.ADMINISTRATOR APPOINTEDFOR M. S. EVANS' ESTATE.In the County Court Friday, SidneyEvans was appointed admiistrator ofthe estate of the late M. S. Evans.His bond was fixed at $12,000, and hequalified with Mrs. Susie E. CantrillAnd Bessie Evans as sureties.FEW LEFT.A few of those high-class Wiltonand Velvet rugs left at reducedprices.J. T. HINTON.$5,000 LOSS INWARRENTOWNday afternoon for Martinsville, Ind.,to join her husband, and will be goneabout one week.Mrs. J. S. Roberts is a visitor inCincinnati today.Mrs. G. N. McKenney is visitingrelatives in Lexington.Mrs. J. H. Doty is the guest ofMrs. Ella Woodward, in Winchester.Mrs. Joe Head, of Ashland, is theguest of' her sister, Mr3. Emmett M.Dickson.Mr. and Mrs. D. H. McKenneyreturned yesterday after a short visitwith relatives in Winchester.The W. C.-T. U. met yesterday atthe home of the President, Mrs. Wm.Myaii, ana a very interesting bbsbiuuwas held.Mr. J. P. Wilson, who has beenconfined to the W. W. Massie Hospital for about three weeks, was ableto be out yesterday.Miss Louise Steele spent fromSaturday until today in Paris. Shewill return to Margaret College thisweek to resume her studies.Mrs. Henry Craig and son, JohnJefferson, of Georgetown, are guestsof Mrs. Craig's parents, Mr. and Mrs.Joseph W. Davis, in this city.Mr. A. la. uooper, oi uuium, ihere on a visit to his granddaughter,Mrs. Rufus Stivers. Mr. Cooper isat present engaged in the grocery business at Corbin as member of the firmof A. B. Cooper & Son. He is a printer by trade and although in his seventy-sixthyear declares he can set asmuch type as a youngster at the business.NOTICE TO WATER CONSUMERSBeginning today I will endeavor tofurnish water during the followinghours:6 a. m., to 8 a. m.; 11 a. m., to 1p. m.; 5 p. m., to 7 p. m.I may have to shorten these hours.When water is off leave a hot waterfaucet open so the steam from therange boiler can escape.I am compelled to do this to haveany water at any time as the supplyis about exhausted. I have standpipefull to use in case of fire.Thanking customers who have beenso considerate in economizing asthey have done, I am,Respectfully,NEWTON MITCHELL,Superintendent(10-2t)PHILADELPHIA CLUB WINSWORDL'S CHAMPIONSHIP.In the fifth game of the world'sseries at New York Saturday theAthletics defeated the Giants by ascore of 3 to 1, winning the world'sbase ball championship, taking fourout of five. Plank and Mathewsonwere opposing pitchers.Fourth Game.Philadelphia 6, New York 5; Batteries, New York Demaree andCrandall, McLean, Wilson; Philadelphia Bender and Schange.SETTLEMENT MADE WITH MRS.PATON ON 20 YEAR POLICY.Mrs. M. E. Paton last week settledwith the Equitable Life AssuranceCo., on a twenty-year endowmentpolicy which she held in the company. The settlement was entirelysatisfactory, and while Mrs. PatonrlpRlined to eive the amount of theweek will be a large reception given policy, it is understood to have beenFIRE.by Miss Martha Ferguson, at thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Volney Ferguson, in honor of MissSue Ford Offutt, of Georgetown, whois son to become the bride of Mr. WillKennev Fereuson. and Miss Bettie. A defective flue is given as thecause of the fire, which late Friday, HarrmVf 0f Lexingtonripeu on tne map a large puruuu ul"Warrentown, a colored suburb abouta mile from Lexington., completelydestroying a church, school house,lodge building and six frame housesMisses Clara Belle and NannieBrent O'Neal returned Friday fromS;mpsonville, Ky., where they attended the wedding of their brother,Mr. William O'Neal, to Miss Mary... . . M I V i-I J ...TYincn were in uie iiaui ul uits wmcs. t Elizabeth Byers, Wednesday eve-. ning. The wedding was a brilliantMAKES HAPPY HOMES. ,' event at the home of the bride's par-ents, Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Byers, inComfort and economy make happy i simpsonville.homes. You get both by iksing Cole's The Progressive Culture ClubHot Blast Heaters.(14-2t) E. MWHEELER.a good sum.Saleslady Wanted.Apply to the Cincinnati Store.ldCI9i ieiillMIWI New Fall Goodslm - mNow Ready For YourInspection . .'. .SBeAfter a three-weeks' search of the New York andEastern markets, we are in a position to show vou theq largest and best selected stock ever shown by usH See the beautiful new ideas inm9mts( In, I 1 BJm.1 HM WW I J,! ijlllSilks, Dress Goods, Challies, Velvets, Corduroys, Dress Trimmings and Laces,Neckwear and many novel accesssories to make your Falloutfit complete.Ask to see our non-shrinkable flannels for waists,shirts, &c.We are agents for the following good lines HendersonCorsets, DeBevoise Brassieres, Wayne Knit Hosiery andEskay Kid Gloves.W. Ed Tucker.BCnBSKHWfCMKSMI'MUMflnBBS 'mi"i'i- ' XT9I0A fBBMMBA lEmrm-uJ Tm UMEr&nHEBBflHMBK ETOne or two furnished or unfurnishedrooms. Apply, 407 Pleasant street.COLNMBIA THEATRE TO-DAY.The Paris High School footballteam defeated the Wesleyan Collegeteam at Winchester, Friday afternoonC to 0. The Paris boys are highlyelated over their success, as theyn-ere outweighted by their opponents.The Paris team includes the following boys: Holton, le; Smith, lg;Letcher, c; Arnsparger, rt; Batterton,Te; Brannon, qb; Friedman, lh; L.avin, rh; Link, fb.j will hold its regular weekly meetingj Wednesday afternoon in the clubj rooms in the Elks' Building The fol, lowing will be the program: "The1 Viking Age," Miss Nancy Griffith;Special Thanhouser picture in two "The Island of Gotland," Miss Salliereels, "Litle Dorrit," Miss Maude Lockhart; Reading, "The SkeletonFealy and a notable Thanhouser cast, in Armor," Mrs. Simms Wilson;Also a comedy reel, "The Green Eyed j "Christianizing Scandinavia," Mrs. H.Monster." j B. Clay.Hear Mr. Reed sing "Last Night Mrs. B. A. Frank entertained theWas the End of The World." j members of the Six-Hand EuchreClub Friday at her home on Broad-PARIS HIGH SCHOOL ! way. There was also one table ofTEAM DEFEATS WESLEYAN (bridge in honor of Mrs. John I. Bron-I son. of Jacksonville. Fla. The roomswere beautifully decorated with au-1tumn flowers, asters, and cosmos jand growing plants. An elaborateluncheon was served at 12 o'clock,after which a number of games wereenjoyed. Miss Julia Frank, of Louisville, was a charming guest.Georgetown News: "Miss CorneliaBlackburn entertained informally atbridge on Tuesday night in compliment to Miss Louise Durkee, of Griffin, Ga. Those present were: MissesDurkee, Mary Frances Brown, ofShelbyville, Sue Ford Offutt, FrancesLet us J Fesler, Ethel Thomas, and MarthaFerguson, of Pans; Messrs. AndrewK. Stone, Charlie Ferguson, WillKeney Ferguson, John Ford, LukeAbbett and Grover Shropshire."Engine For Sale.Foos Special Electric gas or gasoline engine, four horse power, butwith 32-inch fly whels, will developas high as six horse power. Recentlyre-bored and fitted with many newparts. Engine is in first-class condition, and will be sold at a sacrifice.Apply at the NEWS office.iose your eyesand listento the great artists singing onthe Victor and you'd reallythink the singers themselveswere actually in the room.That's how perfect theVictor is; that's why it isacknowledged the greatest ofall musical instruments. Itenables you to enjoy thevoices and music of theworld's greatest artists in alltheir beauty .Come in and hear the greatartists on the Victor and VictorVictrola you'll be surprised at thewonderfully clear, natural tone.Victors $10 to $100. VictorVictrolas $75 to $250.DouoherBros.G.-lijv-nariMfrUrs i i44 c.: 71HiC UUCM 3C11MUUU!THE BABY DOLL SHOE,in Patent9 Coltj Cloth Top.AIso'rLthe English Walking Shoe in Tanand Gun TVUeta!.We Have The Season's Newest" wl'Ofc'.rt',Gji yy " rrIVICWimams5Phones 301warn wsEma (am egam IThe Shoe ManFOR SALE.PRESERVING PEARS.Pine pears for preserving.iave your order.(It) C. P. COOK & GODrop Head Singer Sewing Machine, $15.Drop Head White, $10.Nice Drop Head Singer, $10.No. 627 Main St.For Sale Privately.MOTORCYCLIST INJURED WHENHIS MACHINE STRIKES DOGJoe Thompson, of Lexington, waspainfully injured Shnday afternoon-when the motorcycle he was ridingstruck a dog about four miles fromihis city, throwing him with greatforce to the road. Thompson wasmaking a trip to Paris with a numberof motorcyclists, but all the membersof the party were in advance of him.He was rendered unconscious andsome time later was picked up fromthe side of the road by an automobileparty and brought to this city. Hesuffered a number of painful thoughnot serious cuts about the face andhead, but was able to return to hisliome in Lexington Sunday night.Miss Louise Warford, assistantprincipal of Bourbon College, chap-1 (H0ct-3t)eroned the following -young ladv nstu-dents to Frankfort, Saturday: MissesA modern and convenient framehouse of eight rooms, large receptionhall, front and back stairways, bathroom, electric lights, front and backporches, meat house, servants room,stable, large garden and chicken yard.i Lot contains about one acre.YOUR HEALTHYour family' HealthDEMANDSThat You Use a Vacuum CleanerM. J.MURPHY,Paris, Ky.I?-YOU WILL BE PLEASED..Get shoe satisfaction by trading atitf) FELD'S.HAD NARROW ESCAPE WHENSTREET CAR STRIKES AUTO.Patsy Clark, Sara Power, Nell Fleet, j $Anna Gregory, Sara Webb, Gladys JMarkham, Rebecca- Redmon, EliseVarden, Elizabeth Brown. Belle Sig-man, Katherine Wilson, Dorcas TJs-'sery, Ella Wash and Elizabeth Mann. I gThe party visited the capitol and gother places of interest in the city. ' gMrs. George Jacoby entertainedwith a linen shower Saturday afternoon at her attractive country homefor Miss Willie Lou Jacoby, whosemarriaee to Mr. Jas. Anson Squires'will be celebrated the latter part of ; gOctober. The party colors were yei-ilow and white, and were prettily car-;ried out in every detail. A deliciousluncheon was served to about twentyguests, friends of the charming brideelect, who was remembered withmany beautiful gifts in linen bothfor household and personal use.Mrs. Grover Baldwin and sister,entertainedt034i,, yinA r !,;, rt,-f,r , Miss Dorothy Talbott,JllT. UeOlKC VlCA-iVllUCl , JL Vllio n,jr, - . ,.:! narhad a narrow escape Friday piffle re- j brmayjuernooa a. u ----- ---UU1UO UL 1UJO. uoiumu) ---ooThprA were six tables of live!turning from the funeral of MissBright Kelly, the unfortunate victim fnue. There vrere six iau.es ul h.STL automobile accident jvhich oc- j hundred and Vnoon ascurred in uincmnati last yy euue&uitjthorouchlv enjoyed by the largeber of guests present. Aftercames a delicious luncheonthewasMr. Alexander was riding m the automobile of Mr. Brent Arnold, and as - - Rennet William K.they were crossing a street twos treet dames Walter egf pvl T1cars were aMroacfromppos T;.Jlen "rorkeSand afa "e-! Thomas Allen, Logan Howard, Wood-..!. ii frnnf nf the machine wasstrek by the car and badly damaged.Neither Mr. Arnold nor Mr. Alexander were injured.EXCHANGEYour old stove in on Gas Range and-Vter(2g-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.fnrrt Tinnial. Wade Whitley. VirgilGaitskill, Withers Davis, John Reynolds (Cynthiana)' and Taylor Chandler; Misses Elizabeth Hinton, Margaret Ardery, Belle Horton, CorinneCollins, Bessie Wilson, KaherineWeathers, Dorothy. Talbott and Josephine Hoyden. Miss Mattie Baldwinkept 'the scores.Mrs. M H. H. Davis left yester-TryBaldwin's(folden GaqkBrandSausageAnd OpenKettle5 Rendered Lard,The Best on EarthMade byBaldwin: Bros.,S Paris, Kentucky& tMSSK&y1 Sail WmiS!ss3IS!ry4Don't just stir up the DUST and GERMS. Remove themfrom the home. Not only do this, but cut your work inhalf. When you buy a cleaner buy a DUNTLEY. It isjust as easy to buy the best.ss::If you want anELECTRIC let usdemonstrate theDuplex!J 9T. MINTOflWood IVfanteSsSAVES YOU MONEYv UndertakingAmbulancetJiATHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K NTUCKY OCTOBER 14. 1913.mmmmmmtmmmmlmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmmm i I:L. & N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT MAY 4, 1913Trains A.rrrveNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5.21 am134 Lexington. Ky., Daily 5.18am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday - 7.d5 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.40 am40 Lexington, Kv , Daily Except Sunday 7.22 am37 Cincinnati O"., Vvily 9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Tniiy Except Sunday 10.20 am12 Lexington, Kv- DVly 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, 0., raft 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., ally Except Sunday 12.00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday.' 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily ,. 3.33 pm38 Knoxville.'enn.. Daily 3.2o pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.85 pm39 Cincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5 50 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6,06 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday o.50 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily .6.18 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrsuixisNo.8442940101273733133626TO .Cincinnati. O., Daily 5Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday o.Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7Lexington, Ky., Daily -9Knoxville. Tenn., Daily 9Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.Lexington, Ky., Daily 10Maysville, K. . Daily 12,Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 1225Lexington, ivy., uauy except ounuay o,38 Cincinnati, O., Daily939328303131Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5,Cincinnati, O., Daily o.Maysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 6Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. , 6,Lexington, K., Daily 10.Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.;F- cfe O- "TIMES-TABIjEIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except,Sunda 7.44 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except; Sunday 5.5C pmTrains Depart!tfo. TO37 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.44 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am1 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunday 5.54 pmMere is the Hog!7"KTHLtiL-VSl-, .' 5VvvNJiS&&&-: sss&sra- ---MJ.V'.JJ iVrtraLexington, Ky.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,Enclosed find photo of hog that wascured of cholera with your BourbonHog Cholera Remedy. This hog wasalmost dead before using the medicineand then was entirely cured, exceptlose of ears, tail, etc. The hog isowned by Mr. Skiles Ewing, of Bawling Green, Ky. He will be glad togive you a testimonial, and we can getseveral more if you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for ItFOR SALE BY W. T. BROOKS.Special Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther Notice.4 ,- We pay 12 l-2c for greenbeef hides. Call usTupor bring it to our place.MAX MUNICk,8th Street, PARIS, RCall East Tenn. Phone 374(..-:,j.f-7K?. J'.i'.UaiiS.- -- - fTiiV irVX&Z&iSiiB,!fils &' --s111r ' ,rirTjo miter w! , e? the fliermometerlisters IG3 ab.vc or 25 below zero,AsaSgmafovi Are Roofingcan't be afi'ecred a particle."v No matter ilia curves or valleys ofyour roc" ya r.ccd r.o tin to coverthem, fvr Ar.aT. led ARC ROOFINGis veiy pliable. It is the Perfect Roofipgand the isjraricp rate is no higher thanvhen slate or mcU z used." We nutbnriz" our occnts io refund the money, our liooihig Jj not crlectly snlisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Ch.lc2.s0, IllinoisSold by Millersburg Coal andLumbre Co.,Mil lersbursr, Ky.w riredraft.9 X-Tgkfcy r -P..rIDe - petrt.28 am,35 am.47 am,50 an:.50 am,57 am.55 am,20 am.29 am,05 pm.04 am,&3 pm.4o pm,56 pm.58 pm,23 pm.20 pm.85 pm.55 pm.57 pmProfessional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones f,S E. T. 334.ResidenceHome 334.DR. A. La KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid s.Paris - - Konrucfc?J J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-L AW .Room 1 Elks Building.GJCU3i5ax4aJtS4tgZtiMakmtl.toXaTVtifjgl7X?governor Mccreary issuesroad work proclamationCounty Road Engineer C. F. Redmon will call for volunteers to workthe roads of Bourbon county on Oct.24 and 25, pursuant to a proclamation issued by Governor James B.McCreary, declaring the above datesbe set aside for labor on the roads.In every county in the State withbut few exceptions, men in everywalk of life will take the pick orshovel, diive teams oij crush stone forthe purpose of improving the highways of the State. A few days ago itwas announced that Kentucky Congresmen would lay aside their dutiesat the National capital to return toKentucky to labor on the roads onthe dates designated by the GovernorThe proclamation issued by the Governor is as follows:"I have received letters from various persons requesting me to issuea proclamation designating two daysfor work on the roads of the State,and the Kentucky Good Roads Association, held Sept. 16, 1913, at theState Fair, Louisville, Ky., unanimously adopted the following resolution: 'Be It Resolved, That this Association request the Governor, James B.McCreary, to designate two days inthe latter part of October to be setaside for work on the public roads injthe State of Kentucky, and Messrs.J Harry Sommers, Joseph Bosworthand R.fcC. Terrell be appointed -a committee'to wait upon the Governor andpresent this resolutnon to him.'"Pursuant to these requests, I nowissue this, my proclamation, callingupon the people in every county inthe State of Kentucky to work on theroads in their respective counties onFriday and Saturday, October 24 and25, 1913, commencing at eight o'clockin the morning and continuing untilfive o'clock in the afternoon."The County Judge and CountyEngineer of each county are directedto aid the people in complying withthis request and in circulating propernotices, and they are authorized toselect such persons as may be neededto assist. In every county wherethere is no engineer, or where theyfail to act the Sheriff or other persons are authorized to organize andcomply with this proclamation."Good roads facilitate the labor offarmers in bringing their products tomarket; increase the benefits of ruraleducation by providing means byWhich the children of the State cango regularly to the neighborhoodschools; furnish a better and easierway for the people to go to church;and greatly enhance th e value offarm lands."This proclamation refers to dirtroads, turnpike and gravel roads, and,as Kentucky always takes the leadIn every movement and as Kentuck-SICK, SOUR STOMACH,INDIGESTION OR GAS"Pape's. Diapepsln" Makes Upseti- Stomachs Feci Fine in FiveMinutes.Wonder what upset your stomachwhich portion of the food did thedamage do you? Well, don't bother. If your stomach is in a revolt; ifsour, gassy and upset, and what youjust ato has fermented into stubbornlumps; head dizzy and aches; belchesgases and acids and eructate undigested food; breath foul, tonguecoated just take a little Pape's Diapepsin, and in five minutes you wonder what became of the indigestionand distress.Millions of men and women todayknow that it is needless to have abad stomach. A little Diapepsin occasionally keeps this delicate organregulated and they eat their favoritefoods without fear.If your stomach doesn't take careof your liberal limit without rebellion; if your food is a damage instead of a help, remember the quickest, surest, most harmless relief isPape's Diapepsin, which costs onlyfifty cents for a large case at drugstores. It's truly wonderful it digests food and sets things straight,so gently and easily that it is reallyastonishing. Please, for your sake,don't go on and on with a weak, disordered stomach;. it's so unnecessary.(adv)LAUGH WITH THE KAISER.The German Kaiser has the knackof being able to pass a joke, whichoftimes is pure buffoonery, yet preserving all the while his imperial dignity and royal distance. The following story is told in Pictorial Review:"It is not to private life alone thatthe German Emperor confines his humorous propensities. Sometimesthey burst forth slyly in the midst ofa State function, upsetting those officials in the secret. One such instancecame at a court ball at the BerlinPalace. The Empress needed fifteenthousand marks to complete paymenton an orphan asylum she had founded. Her private secretary, HerrGrimm, went to consult the Kaiserabout it, and he quickly agreed togive the required amount out of hisown private surplus.That night as the imperial familywas entering in state to open the ballambassadors, high dignitaries and nobility standing in solemn ranks togreet them, the Empress swept infirst and quite by accident approached Herr Grimm. "Be careful," calledthe Emperor to him quite audibly,"sho wants to borrow."At Cadinen, the Emperor's modelfarm in West Prussia, where he lovesto tramp about in rough clothes andhigh-top boots, there is a certainblacksmith whose hand is never 'toogrimy for the Kaiser to shake.- ThePrincess Victoria Louise from earliestyears has shared her father's likingfor the man's sterling qualities. Oneday the Emperor and Princess, incompany with a high official, calledat the smithy. As sit owner turnedfrom work to welcome them, theKaiser introduced him as "a specialfriend of my daughter's." IA MARVELOUS ESCAPE"My little boy had a marvelou2 escape," writes P. F. Bastiams, ofPrince Albert, Cape of Good Hope."It occurred in the middle of thenight. He got a very severe attackof croup. As luck would have it Ihad a large bottle of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy in the house. Afterfollowing the directions for an hourand twenty minutes he was throughall danger." Sold by all dealers.(adv) (Oct)LIFE NOT WORTHLIVING FOR MANYTona Vita Will Change all This in aFew Short WeeksNervous, run-down, worn-out, halfsick people are being made intostrong, healthy, happy, ambitiousmen and women every day by thetonic, Tor.a Vita.This remarkable medicine is nowendorsed by many leading physiciansas the best tonic ever sold to thepublic.If you are tired all the time, withirregular appetite, little ambition,weak back, poor circulation, headache, indigestion, constipation and amiserable, dragging, half-sick feeling,get Tona Vita at once. It will buildyou up like no other medicine you'have ever taken. You will notice animprovement the very first day youtake this pleasant tasting tonic.Tona Vita is sold by Chas. E. Butler & Co. (adv)DON'T MISTAKE THE CAUSE.Many PaHs. People Have KidneyTrouble and Do Not Know It.Do you have backache?Are you tired and worn out?Feel dizzy, nervous and depressed?Are the kidney secretions irregular?? Highly colored; contain sediment?Likely your kidneys are at fault.Weak kidneys give warnings of distress. Heed the warning; don't delayUse a tested kidney remedy.Read this Lexington testimony:Deward Lawrence, 413 E. FifthSt., Lexington, Ky., says: "I sufferedfrom a dull pain in the small of myback. I didn't rest well as my backwas so sore and lame. When I gotup in the morning I was tired and irritable. Sometimes the kidney secretions were too frequent in passage, then again they did not passoften enough. When some one advised me to use Doan's Kidney PillsI did and was relieved."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other. . (adv)ians desire the betterment of ourhighways they must come forwardwith enthusiasm and energy, andshow the people of other States thatthey can equal, or surpass them inthe improvement of -their roads'IECi m awMWmW Aw MMmMW mmW MMmPkVk I STATEMENT U V M VI v M 4V M TB IHM- r m 1mm B.w,f4W '& AM IEz""1 I m mk Mm WmA 9 J a m 3m IThat stove of yours has seen its best days. You need a new one. You know itbut you have let things drift along.Meanwhile, you have been losing HALF of every hod of coal you have put in it.Of course, you knew it, but you did not think of it that way. You know that halfof every lump is gas. Fail to burn that gas and it is like throwing into the ditch halfof every dollar you spend in coal.Rather extravagant? Yes?The ordinary stove made of a lot of separate castings leaks air. They leak air atthe wrong place. Places you can not control.Result the best part of your coal the 14,000 cubic feet of common illuminating gas that is in the average ton of $3.00 soft coal goes up the flue unbumed.You have lost it. It has gone up in smoke.This is the heater that is a joy and comfort to the housewife. It makes no dirt orsmoke in the house.This is the heater that saves labor fix it in the morning and at night and ForgetIt the Rest of the Time.This is the heater that gives a steady, constant heat from soft coal or lignite.This is the heater that will hold its fire untouched for a day and a half.This is the heater we sell you under a guarantee that is as "good as old wheat atthe mill. Burns soft coal,If- !e inef fT- lrtrAE. IVfl. Wheeler Furniture Co.Robneei Buindingr9 cor. 8th and Main, Paris, Ky.See the name "Cole's"fVI WmmmmmmmmmmK? vatfBy r ,mW9mWr QK FJmmmmmtimmmmmmmwmT mtm mPEOPLE'S PHARMACYGIVE A ;SPECTACLE SALE!Sale Begins Saturday, October 11, Continues All Next WecKWe have an Expert Optician, who comes to us highly recommended, and will makeScientific Examinations of all classes of Defective Vision and furnishglasses properly fitted for same. This is a good opportunity to have your eyesight made perfectI SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY rS We can fit you with a grood pair of glasses for reading or distance during this sale IS for ONLY ONE DOLLAR and guarantee to please you. We have theLatest Styles in Nose Glasses at ONE-HALF usual price. Come S5 in early before the sale closes.STOCK AND FARM NOTESThe Harrodsburg Herald reportsthe Mercer county court day as follows: "The largest crowd that hasbeen in Harrodsburg in many yearsatended the October court day, Monday. All the livery stables were full,the streets filled with people, mulecolts ivere brought in by the score,and all the merchants report a tremendous trade. ,Mr. B. G. vFox, ofOne-half of your coal andit did you no good. Hard luckthat But there is a way to fixit Here's how:Save that gas mix it properly with air and you have the hottestkind of a blue flame. But there is only one way to do thisBuy the only heater that is made tight holds tight stays tight.Cole's OrlIt leaks no air.This is the heater that mixes the gas and air and gives you aliithe heat in the coal.This is the heater that burns any kind of coal and makes a toaof $3.00 soft coal do the work of $8.00 hard coal in a high pricedbase burner. ilignite, slack, nard coal orHofiaf xrrvn nronf Pnmo t-on the feed door of each stove.Boyle, bought a carload of mule colts,averaging about $38, which will be. shipped to Pennsylvania. Maremules averaged up to $100, but a big' price for a horse mule was $50 andmany owners took them back homerather than to sell at the figures.. Chief Smith says Monday's crowd.was one of the biggest he ever sawin Harrodsburg."' The Percheron horses in Franceare nearly all raised in the Valley ofthe Huisne, where they run on pasture until they, are three years old;after which the selections are made ,inalC CI L v? Xwood. riS?on cao. It- gjJSL-raTSigars---312None genuine without itmms::8of those fit for stallions. They aregrain fed while on pasture. TfieFrench Government takes an interest in the breeding of these horsesand stimulates the business by giving prizes, etc. About five thousand;stallions are qualified each year.n consequence of the strike of apprentices at the foundry of Messrs.James Mackie & Son, Limited, Belfast, Ireland, the firm has decided' toclose the works, and as a 'result -1-200employes are now idle. l- " 'gAlij(iHEJBOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBBER 14, 1913.'t5O--4Special Sale!Having bought too heavy and not havingenough room, we are offering to the public atspecial low prices the following items:Trunks of all Sizes and GradesSuit Cases of AH GradesComforts, Blankets, Rugs andDruggetsAnd many other things too numerous tomention.J. BLVOVBParis, KentuckyOur Call Home Phone 360FORESTRANGERS KILLMANY BEASTS Op PREY.3SeFRESHMelons on Ice CantaloupesString BeansFresh Tomatoes Sweet PeasEvergreen CornCucumbersSquashAil Fresh and NiceBoiled and Minced HamKeller Grocery Company!-(Washington Star.)During the past fiscal year 4,686predatory animals were killed byFederal officers on the national forests, according to an actual count ofanimals, whose bodies were not foundare presumed to have died frompoison.The rangers' bag of beast of preythis year, as shown by forest servicefigures, was made up of 206 bears,3,541 coyotes, 133 mountain lions,62 lynx, 583 wildcats, 64 wolves and97 wolf pups. The figures indicatethat the national forests are becomingcleared of wild animals that prey upon domestic livestock and game, forthe forest ranger fills in odd momentsbetween other jobs by thinning out"undesirable citizens" of the animalworld.Wolves are said to cause greaterlosses to Western stockmen than anyother of the predatory animals. It isestimated that a family of wolves willdestroy about $3,000 worth of stockper annum, and that one able-bodiedindividual costs the grazing industry$600 a season.The wolves are of two classesthe smaller grey, black or timberwolves, called "lobos." These latterare the great stock destroyersagainst which the campaign of therangers has been waged.The methods of hunting wolves inthe West vary. On the plains wolvesare sometimes hunted with dogs andhorses, but this way is considered expensive and dangerous. This sporais described by Roosevelt in his earlier hunting books. On national forests the rangers either set out poisonor baited steel traps, or by watchingtrails and hiding near a wolf's den,are liable to shoot one or both ofthe old wolves when they return fromforging. In no other way, accordingto the forest service, can the numberof wolves be' kept down so as by finding their dens and destroying theyoung.The skins of the predatory animalskijled by the rangers are either keptas souvenirs or sold for a price or forbounty. Wolfskins in the West aresaid to bring from $4 to $6 for robesand rugs; a mountain lion skin, $10to ?20, and a bear-skin, anywere from$20 to $150, according to size andspecies. Wyoming, in ten years, has'-paid out, it is said, more than ?65,000in bounties on wolves alone, and $95.-1000 more on coyotes and mountain -3 51 11 J110s. (Through his activity against these 1pests the forest ranger, it is said, hasjsaveu tne stocKmen many tnousanasof dollars during the year, while theprotection to game animals, such asdeer, elk and antelope, is of almostequal importance.Mtmtitnttintien0dlww?i6SfiK!JPall OpeningOFGas and Coal Stoves,Heaters and Ranges.In Our Showing of Gas Ranges andHeaters, We Lead Them AILLet Us Show You.M. A. CAHALBarber Shop.first-C(ass Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto AH.Hot and Cold BathsAMERICAN INSECT CAUSEOF ARMY RATIONS SPOILINGCHRONIC DYSPEPSIAA Bigger Stock, A Better StoveA Little Show Will Convince You that We Are Right Get the. SAFETY LIGHT -The new process in the Visible Gas Rangewith Broiler Pan and Dirt Pan, White EnameledFinish. All Doors White Enamel.jLet Us Show You One of Our6-Room Heatersand Can be Run Much Cheaper Than One Grateand is Guaranteed to Heat 6 Rooms.Can Save You Workand MoneyAll Ranges and Heatersm I 1 lnW M fllrSm ' If 111 wtim(m 1 1 1 I I IIAn American insect scientificallytermed Ephestia kuhniella, but popularly known in Europe as the Mediterranean flour moth, has been heldresponsible for the detoration of British army ration Discuits. ureal quantities of ration biscuits have spoiledin recent years at colonial depots,principally in South Africa, Ceylon,1 Malta and other remote stations, andJ the damage has been due to the ravages of the moth. A scientific commission spent three years investigating and experimenting to determinelinnr mis! -i-1--vti V tvrlic rrcib itltfl fll &We Thank YOU For a Share Of J biscuits and a method of prevention.This commission has made a reportaccompanied by an interesting exhibition in the Natural History Museum. It reported that the moth ofAmerican origin mentioned, and another brought to Europe in rice fromRangoon, were the principal causesof the spoiled biscuits. The investigators concluded that the moths infested flour in the factories betweenthe baking of the food and the soldering of the tins in which they werepacked. The only practical prevention they can suggest is the introduction of cooled, screened air intothe kitchens, which would be continuously changed by fans or other process. The question arises whetherthe cost of such arrangements wouldnot be prohibitive.The following unsolicited testimonial should certainly be sufficient togive hope and courage to persons afflicted with chronic dyspepsia: "Ihave been a chronicm dyspeptic foryears, and of all the medicine I havetaken, Chamberlain's Tablets havedone me more good than anythingelse," says W. G. Mattison, No. 7Sherman street, Hornellsville, N. Y.For sale by all dealers. (adv)(Oct.)Your Patronage.the Lamp Oil thatSavss EyesNoi-i is more important in the'wee man rlar. -toaJy light. Insurethis hy sf'ns? tne oil that burnsclear anl 1 ! 'n itho'it a flickerclovniit i'h .-iw. P 'nnsylvaniacrude oil r-iiwi to ierfectiou.(Yls ;o :noxe than the inferior(mkwsinn nils- saves MOSEY savesW ORK ci-,.. pvps,"our dnl-r hm SO LITE OIL inbjrrcls direct from our works.te3fc5-Hwy-BBEWARE OF OINTMENTS FOR CATARRH THAT CONTAIN MERCURY.THEY MAKE YOU FEEL GOODAre Made andConstructed ofWellsville PolishedSteele.This Small Heater is Porcelain, Enamel and Nickel Trimmed.Let Us Show You. All Stoves Connected up FREE readyfor Use.Wheeler Furniture Co,The pleasant purgative effect pro-1duced by Chamberlain's Tablets and j ftthe healthy condition of body andmind which they create make one feeljoyful. For sale by all dealers,(adv) (Oct)Ml a sirs" StreetChas. Green, IVfg'r.Opp. Court MouseCURIOUS BEQUESTS.Ghas. G. Stoi! Oil Co.Re?aery at 'Vurnr. Pa.We sell the eelibr VJ ":o Carb"Auto (Ml.SBSSSRSEEEfcper FAILQIS!,C6nt. $1SWHJ to $100,000W. KING & SON,125: Cheaoside. Lexlnston. Ky IJCANCER CURED 2As mercury will surely destroy thesense of smell and completely derange the whole system when entering it through -the mucous surfaces.Such articles should never be used except on prescriptions from reputablephysicians, as the damage they willdo is tenfold to the good you can possibly derive from them. Hall's Catarrh Cure, manufactured by F. J.Cheney & Co., Toleao, O., contains nomercury and is taken internally, acting directly upon the blood and mucous surfaces of the system. In buying Hall's Catarrh Cure be sure youget the genuine. It is taken internally and made in Toledo, Ohio, by F.F. J. Cheney & Co. Testimonialsfree.Sold by druggists. Prico 75c. perbottle.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation, (adv(Oct.)The maximum temperature tinsyear in California was 127 degrees atSilver Lake, on Wednesday.(London Telegraph.)Ancient bequests for having bellsrung and beacons lighted for the purpose of guiding travelers by nightare quite numerous in England, andthis is not to be wondered at whenone considers the apologies for roadsand the absence of fences in the"good old times."Among the curious legacies is onewhich provides for the holding of aplot of land rejoicing in the name of"Petticoat Hole," at Stockton-on-the-Forest,in Yorkshire, on condition ofproviding a poor woman with a petticoat once a year. xIn the old days when the rusheswere strewn on tne noor in lieu 01carpets many persons left bequestsfor the floors of churches. Their use,of course, has long been disbanded,but in certain places the church wardens attended to the preservation oftheir rights by cutting a little grasseach year and strewing it on thechurch floor. lBut, perhaps, one of the most eccentric bequests was that of a certain John Rudge, of Trysull, Staffordshire, who left 1 a year for apoor man to go round the parishchurch while the sermon was beingpreached, awakening the slumbersand incidentally to eject any strangedogs that might invade the sacredpremises.ad89a0tO3GO33OSSe-3GG3CUNSETTLEDBOUNDARIESIN SOUTH AMERICAA GENTLE ANDEFFECTIVELAXATIVE.THE FAMILY COUGH MEDICINE.I guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.t DR. WM. R. SMITH, ZParis, Ky. 3I In every home there should be a, bottle of Dr. King's New Discovery,ready for immediate use when anymember of the family contracts a'cold or a cough. Prompt use willstop the spread of sickness. S. A.Stid. of Mason, Mich., writes: iuywhole family depends upon Dr. King'sNew Discovery as the best cough andcold medicine in the worm. 1 wo50c. bottles cured me 01 pneumonia.I Thousands of other families haveI been equally benefited and dependentirely upon Dr. King's Discovery tocure their colds, coughs, throat andllung troubles. Every dose helps.Price 50c. and $1.00. All druggists.a 1 w to nnnirion jr. f!n . Philadelohia or !t ( a. a. j-4 a-rui.iwfti. w f mt -A mild, gentle and effective laxative is what people demand when suffering from constipation. Thousandsswear by Dr. King's New Life Pills.Hugh Tallman, of San Antonio, Tex.,writes: "They are beyond questionthe best pills my wife and I have evertaken." They never cause pain.Price 25c. at druggists or by mail.H. E. Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia orSt. Louis (adv)(Oct)The frontiers of Bolivia, like thoseof most Southern countries, are veryuncertain, and a map of South America made in Bolivia includes a vastportion of the level lands east of theAndes called the Chaco. A map ofSouth America made by the ArgentineRepublic, shows Bolivia as an entirely different country with no Chacowithin its boundary. Then a map ofSouth America made in Peru includes a vast hinterland in Amazonia,while one made in Brazil shows theBrazilian frontier away over in theterritory marked Peru on the Peruvian map; while the map-makers ofEcuador and Colombia show an entirely different disposition of thelands at the headwaters of the Amazon from that described b ythe Brazon from that described by the BraThere is, however, a commission composed of Brazilians and Peruvianswho are this summer at the headwaters of the Amazon delimiting thefrontiers of Peru and Brazil and in- Jcidentally rectifying the claims of ;Ecuador and Colombia. MeanwhileBolivian soldiers are fighting Argentine soldiers on the Chaco, and so thequestion stands. In 1902 King Edward VII delimited the frontiers ofChile and Argentina, but the Chiliansthought he gave the Argentines toomuch, so they allow the adventurers and bad men of Chile to sweepinto this disputed territory, andthey swoop down from the hills andcapture the cattle upon the Argentine plains just as the Highlandersused to do in Scotland; meantimethe statue of Christ, cast from thecannons of Argentina and Chile,stands upon the Uspallato Pass rebuking with its solemnity the warringfactions on the plains below.("Through the Latin Lands," by Peter MacQueen, in National Magazinefor October.Qfr o 99i agosoaes9sofl8aParis GrandWednesday, October151 mFIRST TIME HEREThe Play ot the Century-William A. Brady, Ltd.PresentsTHE WORLD-WIDE SENSATIONThe oceans, including the inland! seas connected with them, coverabout 144,500,000 squire miles.BUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop., Three Expert Artists; NoWaits.Hot and ColdBaths.Main t. - Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.D. D. D.Prescriptionfor 15 yearsThe Standard Skin RemedyPJUT OFF FREIGHT TRAINBOY KILLS BRAKEMANC. E.ASKBUTLER. CO.Tom and Jim Hubbard, George Goebel and Jas. Goodman attempted toride a freight train from Prestonburg,Ky. Upon refusal to leave the caboose, Jim Ball, conductor, and Chas. 'W. Rice, brakeman, ejected them. ;As the boys were put off one of them idrew an automatic revolver and fired,the bullet going through BrakemanRice's head. The bullet grazed an-'other man into whose arms thewounded man fell.With the Same Great Cast and Production Seen During ItsRecord-Breaking Fifteen Months7 Eun at The ,Playhouse, New York City.Over a Year at the Princess Theatre, ChicagoOver a Yeir at the New Theatre. London, Eng.PRICES--35C, 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.50.Seats at Mitchell & Blakemore's Saturday Morning.ViIi- (Oct),x, 5r vjj7F:", St. Louis. '(aav )"nvanapa.iXwiyi i"nTHETCipiW5onertified Cheek CoffeeThe Coffee with a pleasing aroma.Try it to-day. Use it always. Forsale by all grocers. Save thecoupons.tlttMitimttHMiiftttMtSttlfitS3MMHMtHHMftlHUse8:J Clarke, R. M. Caldwell, P. L. Dimmittkll UJl III Hill I IJBUIIU ! nnI Ttn T Tk PoUinnn The montinE'RLnU Ul IfllLLLnODUrJi vas an' interesting one, and short addresses were delivered by 0. R. Rankin, M. P. Collier, W. V. Shaw, Dr. J.D. Calhoun, R. M. Caldwell" andothers. Oysters were served afterthe speaking.Mr. H. B. Boulden, of Detroit,arrived Sunday for a visit to his uncle, Mr. J. G. Smedley.Mrs. J. W. Ferguso, of Atlanta,Ga., is the guest of her sister, Mrs.A. T. Vimont.Miss Stella Bruce, of Herberton,Va., arrived Sunday for a visit to heraunt, Mrs. S. E. Bruce.Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Carpenter returned Saturday from Knoxville,Tenn., where they attended the Natioal Conservation Exposition.Rev. and Mrs. A. S. -Venable leftyesterday for Lebanon to attend theSynod of the Presbyterian Church,after which they will go to Cincinnati and points in Tennessee for athree weeks' visit.There will be an echo meeting ofthe W. C. T. U. at the MethodistChurch Saturday afternoon at 2:30o'clock. All members are requestedto be present and the public is cordially invited.Mrs. W. S. Powell and son, Mrs.Lillian Snodgrass, of Winchester, andMrs. John Merringer and Miss Lillian Kendall, of Paris, have returnedto their homes after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Joe Williams.Mr. George McConnell, of Cynthiana, Mrs. J. M. Cooper, of Paris, Mrs.Lyda Cooper, Flemingsburg and Mrs.Minnie Hurst and son, Edgar Hurst,of Millersburg, were entertained Monday at dinner by Mr. and Mrs. AaronMcConnnell.Mr. J. R. Long left Thursday forthe bedside of his brother, at Stanford, who was critically ill, dying Friday. Mr. and Mrs. O. H. Collier, Mr.and Mrs. Carl Long and Miss MaymeDee Long attended the funeral on1 Sunday.LIGHTRA1N REVIVES HOPE"but is ended abruptly.Mr. and Mrs. M. P. Wells are visiting relatives at Mt. Olivet.Mrs. J. F. McDaniel returned Friday after a ten-days' visit to relativesat Nashville, Tenn.Mr. TJ. S. G. Pepper left Mondayfor a two weeks' business trip toHuntington, W. Va.Mr. Charlie Scott, of Nepton,was the guest of Mr. and Mrs. AaronSicConnell, Saturday.Mrs. Alex Sanders, of Irvine, arrived Friday as the guest of herdaughter, Mrs. W. G. Dailey.Mr. Leslie Bryant and familymoved Friday to Lexington, wheretfcey will make their futnre home.Miss Willie McNamara, of Paris,was the guest of her aunt, Mrs. Henry Bowling, Saturday and Sunday.Mr. G. S. Allen returned Saturdayafter a few days' visit to his brothers,S. R. and J. K. Allen, at Winchester.Mr. Alfred Marcum, of Pittsburgh, Pa., arrived Saturday as theguest of his brother, Cadet J. B. Maraum. Mr. James Judy left Saturday forSis home in Indianapolis, Ind., after aweek's visit to his brother, Mr. W. S.Jcdy.Mr. S. M. Allen and children wereat the bedside of Mr. Ephriam Wood,at Stanford, Sunday, who continuesquite ill.Miss Clara Sanders has returnedto her home in Cincinnati after aiew weeks' visit to her cousin, MissLucile Dailey.Miss Mary McDaniel, who isreaching at Cynthiana, was at homeirom. Friday until Monday, accompanied by Miss Blanton Collier.Plenty of seed wheat, seed rye,timothy and Blue Grass ssed for sale.MILLLERSBURG COAL & LUMBERCOMPANY. (14-lt)J. P. Redmon and E. B. Taylor returned Saturday from the NationalAutomobile Convention at St. Louis,Mo., where they had been for severaldyas.The football teams of the Cynthiana High School and the M. M. I. meton theM. M. I. grounds Saturday afternoon, resulting in a score of 26 to 2in favor of the visitors.Mrs. TJ. S. G. Pepper will entertain Wednesday afternoon with an informal reception. Her daughter,Miss Jennie Marie Pepper, will entain Thursday afternoon.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Shanklin andson, of Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. S. A.Shanklin and daughters and MissSallie Shanklin, of Mayslick, wereguests of Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Shanklin. Snturdav.The following from here attended New Process Gas Rangesa reception given by the Shawhan . p WhW Fiirnitrlodge Saturday evening, to meet ac A r VYneeier rurmtureGrand Master Joseph H. Ewalt: O. R. Company, opposite CoUTt-itanian, . l,. carton, v. . aaaw, !, ..U.. A. UU1CI, ld. A'. J. vcaowi., a-.PARIS STUDENTS HONOREDAT CENTRAL .UNIVERSITY.When a gentle rain began fallingearly Saturday mornig there was ageneral feeling of relief among the citizens of Paris that the long dry spellwhich has prevailed, would be broken, and that the water famine whichthis city is facing would be relieved.However, the rainfall was only ofshort duration, and a decided drop inthe mercury brought an end to theprecipitation, causing no end of disappointment. Clear skies and acontinuation of cool weather are anything but encouraging, ad the outlookis becoming more serious every day.The Paris Water Company, underthe present system of pumping, ismaking the best of the situation, andthe consumers are only supplied withwater at certain hours of the day.According to Superintendent Mitchellthe supply of water in Stoner Creekcan be retained for some time underthe present system.As a protection against fire thecompany has retained in the standpipe upwards of 300,000 gallons ofwater, and the consumers throughoutthe city are being supplied by directpressure.Employes of the Louisville & Nashville railway have been engaged intrenching the creek above the damto allow the water to flow from thepools that are standing in front ofFoote's landing and several othersthis side of the railroad bridge, tothe basin above the dam within reachof the pipes leading to the railroadpumping station. At the same time,however, a constant stream is beingdrawn from Doyle's spring.A large number of wells and cisterns throughout the city -are dry,and many are compelled to carry water for great distance to supply thehousehold.LARGE CLASS CONFIRMEDAT PARIS CATHOLIC CHURCHFIRM DISPUTES ACCOUNTAND CHARITY GETS BENEFITMr. G. C. Thompson, son of Sheriffand Mrs. Albert S. Thompson, washonored at a meeting of the freshmanclass of Central University, September 28, by being elected president ofhis class. The college paper speaksvery highly of Mr. Thompson. Thesenior class of 1913 elected Mr. Sidney S. Ardery, of Paris, president forthe coming year.GAS RANGES.Just received, a carload ofE.A difference of opinion which probably would have resulted in a suitfound an amicable adjustment a fewdays ago when it was decided by theparties interested to give the amountinvolved to charity.Strauther & Booth, merchants ofnear Osgood, had been running anaccount with the firm of Curry, Tunis& Norwood, wholesale grocers of Lexington. In a settlement of the account the former firm entered a denial of a charge amounting to $5.90.The wholesale grocery firm wasequally as strong in the opinion that! the account was just. However theirdebtors refused payment.To settle the affair without litigation and at the same time save a lotof expense a member of the mercantile firm made a proposition that theamount claimed be turned over to theWidows' and Orphans' Home, to whichi the Lexington firm agreed.A class of forty-three boys andgirls was confirmed Sunday morningat the Catholic church by Bishop C. P.Maes, of Covington.There were also six first communicants at first mass Sunday morningat 7 o'clock, the members of the confirmation class having taken theirfirst communion last January, andhave been receiving instruction sincethat time from the local pastor, Rev.Father Eugene DeBruyn, and the Sisters who have charge of the parochialschool. The following girls and boysformed the class:. Helen Edwards, Helen Shanding,Josephine Adams, Mary CatherineConnelley, Mary Joseph, Mary MarkConnelley, Mary Joseph, Mary Markey, Mattie Markey, Margaret Shea,Agnes Wash, Gilbert Lavin, HelenTerry, Mary Bradley, Mary Soule Davis, Mary Minogue, Anna MaeSchwartz, Helen Davis, Mary McWilliams, Madie Jordan, Mary C. Doyle,Walker, James L. Gorey, Francis Minogue, Robert Toohey, LauthmanWoods, Thomas Woods, Thomas McHugh, Joseph Shannon, John Bran-non, Ralph Connell, Frank Kern,William Fisher, Leo Kern, EdwardShanding, George Shanding, JosephCain, Walter Duncan, William Minogue, John Coughlin, and Jesse Napier. After the services Bishop Maes andFather DeBruyn motored to Cynthiana, to confirm a class there Sundayafternoon.CHEAP CIGARETTESOf America" Manufacture Are. InGreater Demand in Bombay.A report on the foreign commerceof Bombay made to the United StatesDepartment of Commerce and Laborby Consul Edward J. Norton, stationen in Bombay, India, states that theimports of manufactured tobacco, despite an increase in quantity, havenot been maintained at the level ofthe previous year, and a decrease isalso observed in the arrival of cigars.Cigarettes, which form the largestitem in this group, have not maintained the recovery which they exhibited in 1911-1912. The decline ismost marked in imports of cigarettesform the United Kingdom, which decreased in quantity by 20,909 pounds.Egytian cigarettes, which return thehighest avarage value per pound,have increased and are well abovethe average of imports in the twoyears immediately preceding the enhancement of the duty, and a recov-j ery, though small, is also noticed inthe imports of cheap American cigarettes, which were returned at 2,210pounds of an average value per poundof 26 cents.IaHQnEB086S3SnESfem,-&.&X 4AWhy Not 8a ve YourDollarsrYou Will Do So by Buying YourQNMbIBMIHmP iKSBBiBBBBB' HHBB5. Ii ' "l 190 J ifr-X A.'$AJr S ?FALL FOOTWEAR NOWThis Week and Saturday We Offer YouBrand-New Fall Shoes at Prices WhichWill Save You Money.POOTWEAR OP QUALITYFor Men, Women and Children. Made on the Most Perfect Lasts, MostPerfect Models of the Human Foot.See the New Styles of the Famous Makers of Men's and Women's Shoes.PECIALBaby's Doll Gun Tip and Plain, Special Price $2.24Ladies' Tan Low Heel Shoes, Special Price 2,49Ladies' Cloth Top Gun and Patent 2.49Ladies' Suede English, Special 2.49We Save You Money and Guarantee Satisfaction.I'Jfei J?SOn Account of Holiday Saturday Our Store Will Open for Business at 6 p. m.-A. 3T COHEN-! 'i1 " -J L 'UCTUCITT!The Light That Gives !Universal Satisfaction IHave Your Home WiredBefore November 1st Under Our Special HouseWiring Proposition.$ zIWritePhoneSee:Paris GasIncorporated9ee& Electric Co. IiininMimitm ,z"BOUGHT AND PAID FOR"GUARANTEED BY BRADY.William A. Brady's production ofGeorge 3ro&dburst's remarkable play'Bought and Pn.it! For," will be seenat the Grand Opera House, on nextWednesday night, Oct. 15. Clergy-,men, and lecturers and numerousbranches of the Dramatic League ofAmerica have endorsed it because ofits .moral lesson, technical construction and nice balance, while the general public h&ye made possible one ofthe most successful dramatic runs intheatrical history because they likethe play, which is a chapter from reallife. The present members of thecast have played over five hundredtimes in the production.It would be well for the large producing managers who send out theirattractions and then forget aboutthem, except for the financial revenue derived, if they followed Mr.Brady's example in keeping closewatch upon each of the travelingproductions under his management.Taking the public into his confidence, Mr. Brady sends out a personal guarantee with "Bought and PaidFor," a copy of which reads as follows ,fSPECIAL TO THE PUBLICThis production of "BOUGHT ANDPAID FOR," the biggest play of ourtime, carries my percona! guarantee. Itis the same in every particular as drewpacked houses for two years at myPlayhouse in New Yor!:-If you find anything to criticise anyslurring or inattention by the players,or any point about the stage equipmentthat does not justify the highest claimsof the management I shall esteem it avery great favor to have you write mein detail at my offices in the Playhouse.New York.It has been asserted in some quartersthat lack of interest in amusements in allbut the few largest cities has been causedby short sighted managers who. sentinferior companies and shabby sceneryto these centres. I am determined thatmy name, when attached to an attraction,shall be a full assurance of the high,value of that attraction, and I bespeakyour assistance to that end.Any proper complaint you may make,will receive, prompt .and YespectfuLattention.- o(adv)FADE FROM SIGHT.Lights Used by Wizard to Make Persons Disappear. .Tucked away in a corner of the newscientific research laboratory of anelectric lamp company's plant atEast Cleveland, a man whom scientists know as the "Lighting Wizard"is performing wonders by applyingscientifically the principles of lightand color. He is M. Luckiesh."Magic come back to earth," people exclaim when they see the marvels he performs. Luckiesh, by deftmanipulation of many colored tubes,can cause his assistant, standing onthe stage of his laboratory, to disappear from sight."I can throw rays of light on. aman which do not contain any of thecolors in which he is clothed," Luckiesh explains. "Naturally, then, wewon't see him, because all the lightthat strikes him will be absorbed andnone will be thrown back to oureyes. He will disappear completely."FRANKFORT CHOSEN ASNEXT PLACE OF MEETINIt was decided Friday at the meeting of the State Division A., UnitedDaughters of the Confederacy, heldat Winchester, that the next meetingshall be held in Frankfort.Officers were elected as follows:Mrs. Mary Dowling Bond, Lawrenceburg, president; Mrs. Lucien Maltby,Maysville, second vice-president;Mrs. Givens, Cynthiana, third vicepresident; Mrs. John S. Lawrence,Cadiz, recording secretary; Mrs. J. M.Mahan, Lawrenceburg, correspendingsecretary; Mrs. N. W. Muir, Bardstown (re-elected), treasurer; Mrs. C.C. Leer, Paris, historian; Miss MaryCrutcher, Winchester, registrar; Mrs.James M. Arnold, Covington, custodian of crosses; Mrs. Peter Thornton,Newport, chaplain; Mrs. M. E. Reynolds, vice-chaplain.The meeting adjourned Fridaynight.OVER ONE HUNDRED LIVESLOST WHEN STEAMER BURNS.Futilely fighting against twin destroyers of the merciless elements,the officers and crew of the UraniumLine steamer Voltcrno struck theircolors early Friday morning, andleaped from the blistering deck ofa floating inferno into the yeasty foamof a tempest-tossed ocean.Iron-hearted steel-anus'cled mariners from ten ships, called by frantic"S. O. S." wireless appeals, reachedover the gunwales of oak-ribbed lifeboats to drag them from the veryjaws of death.They already had performed thesame service for nearly half a thousand frightened passengers, who, despairing of rescue while the hurricaneraged, leaped into the ocean whenboats were unable to reach the sideof the doomed vessel.One hundred and thirty-six livesare known to have been lost as a result of the disaster.JEALOUSY CAUSES A CUTTINGSCRAPE IN 3RENTSV1LLEJ an altercation near the negro settlement of Brentsville Saturday ightHorace Redmon, a colored boy aboutsixteen years of age , was stabbedseveral times in the back by BenStout. The trouble is alleged tohave started over the attentions Redmon was paying to a colored girl withwhom Stout was infatuated, and it isalleged that Stout concealed himselfin a clump of bushes later in the nightand when Redmo passed he attackedhi,m. A number of wounds were inflicted in the negro's back, He wasbrought to this city, where his inju-Jries were dressed.Plans are being considered .for installing a 200,000,000 candle powerseachelight on top of the world's tallest building in New York.TREES!For Fruit and Shade, Shrubs,Grape Vines, Rheubarb,Peonies, Phlox,- Roses,Asparagus, Etc.Everything for Orchard,Lawn and Garden.No Agents Free CatalogGrowers of What We SellH. f . HILLENMEYER & SONS,1841 Lexington, Ky. 1913(10-oct-lmo).-4 X"'