THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE YEAR: t-Abtli ,-'?j-V ,-f-- ? riv ,VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAYJUNE 10 1913rA : ', -1-iW dfcJune Term Convenes With Judge R. L., Stout Presiding.Biing Us YourWatch WorkWe are EfficientWe are Prompt.Iky us.hfc38(LrsivvASSK ft ,BPjftufrgglgggspyjr, ' s ,rsa:ufo&-PSfe.&p-fl--4ifISftIrniitaVs SnafiJals21 lbs. the Best tL.'t fC tyEastern Sugar H mKJKJ W(With a $3.00 Purchase) SJH3-lb Hunter's Brand Pie Peaches 25c yffPork and Beans, per can 7c VI?Kegular 10c sizeFancy Dried Peaches, per lb 1 Oc JThese are the 15c and 20c grade. W2 1-2 lb. can of Griffin & Skelley's Asparagns 20c MFLOUR WLancaster's Pride A25 lb. Sack .80 Vj)501b. Sack 1.60 V?1001b. Sack 3.15 WdWe Have Fresh Fish Every Friday WT. C. LENIHAN, jjCash Grocery.Both Phones 234jpK9&lit Straw Hats and2Ste?&t , , Tr fflsjruuuuici ulcus mS-ZG&aym&&S$2ffSsfi?3l&In all the Latest Styles and atPrices in Reach of Everybody.?6 .W?YY--vt -ri zi- T7i n-wirin-'Sfi "R. V- D. in TTrrion Suits in Spnnvnt fi-nrmpnts.t " j-- - .SmIpfejgg Plain Balbriggin in Union Suits and Separate Gar- $jpAi-V tvii-oi "7W"&lp&3 Porus Knit in Union Suits and Separate Garments.WrM5y& Scriven in Union Suits and Separate Garments.sgrssOur Prices on Underwear 25 to $2PRi6&&60.6iotmersmif;-ijsand Furnishersj 5- &3ar. ir sf. iy4i a ss- jsa. yzfgtsovLZsZStwWwMwW&E. V.V,S1 . 'i . l. Ante) tanassaiiasasiafSH.The June term of the Bourbon Circiut Court convened yesterday morning with Judge R tL. Stout presiding.The morning session was devoted toempaneling the grand jury, when thepresiding judge delivered his instructions of the body, and the hearing ofmotions.Judge Stout in his charge to thegrand jury pointed them to all infractions of the law, and impressed upon (them the importance of investigatingqtitt ollocrorl vinlaHnnc nf fVio cromA Ilaws that were brought before themby the countyyga'me warden and if theevidence warranted, indictmentsshould be returned.He referred in complimentary wordsto the manner in which Mr. J. Q.Ward, of Bourbon county, was conducting the affairs of the State Fish andGame Commission and said he was deserving of all the assistance the grandjuries of the counties in this districtcould give.Judge Stout called the attention ofthe grand jury to the minor infractions of the law, which he said wouldlead to larger crimes if the accusedwere permitted to go unpunished.After repeating a portion of thecharge delivered to the Woodfordcounty grand jury last month duringthe term of court in that county, regarding bribery and vote buying heallowed them to retire to their roomto begin their deliberations.The grand jury is composed of thefollowing: J. D. Booth, foreman; Lawrence Horton, George Rassenfoss, W.K. Haley, R. D. Adair, James W. Ferguson, W. H. Purdy, Charles Hamilton,n. TT nnlr.Pll. .Toft Shannon. F. P. Clav.w . ---, , -- -- ...Court adjourned until this morningat nine o'clock, when the Commonwealth docket will be called.Strong Bill at the Grand.Last night's bill at the P.aris Grandproved to be one of the strongestoffered this season at this populartheatre. The comedy sketch, "TheBootblack and the Girl," presented byBonner and Bonner is fifteen minutesof as good comedy and singing as onewould wish to see. This versatileteam had the audience with them fromthe start and were compelled to takeseveral enchbres. Mr. Wahle sang apopular song in his usual high-classmanner. The one treat was the singing of Miss Verna Warde, "The SweetLittle Singer of Sweet Little Songs."Miss Warde will sing a different songeach night and upon request will singany song asked for.The bill will be presented tonightwith a change of pictures and a differnet song by 'Mr. Wahle and MissWarde. Tonight's pictures are "ForBetter or Worse," an Eclaire two reelmasterpiece, and "The SovereignSoul," a one reel subject produced bythe Gaumont Co."WE KNOW HOW"Let Your -Money Do It . . . , ,i If Your Money Was HumanIt Would Not Want To BeExchanged For Clothing Unless it Was Dollar For DollarValueDoirt let your. money buy just Cio&mg. Make-It;Buy the RealDependable ClothingThe kind that is backed up by a guarantee from thet right kind of a merchant:. Dollar for dollar valuesare assured when you purchase Clothing from thisstore, and you will find this same rule applies toevery dollar's worth of merchandise bought here.Auto Collided With Buggy.An automobile driven by Mr. Craig,of the Craig- Davis Motor Car Co., collided with the buggy of Mr. WoodfordDaniel Sunday night in front of theresidence vpf J. O. Marshall, on Secondstreet. Mrs. Daniel, who was accompanying Mr. Daniel, was thrown outof the buggy but fortunately escapedinjury.Tj?Stetson Shoes andStetson HatsManhattan Shirts inbright, snappySpring stylesMitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MienParis, Kentucky:.NEW SEWERAGE SYSTEMFor Eastern Section of the City Is""""" Now Under Consideration.Steps toward the installation of asewerage system for the Easternpart of the city were taken last weekwhen Mayor J. T. Hinton had a corpsof civil engineers making a survey ofthe proposed route of the system.tThis matter was discussed at a recentmeeting of the city council and MayorHinton was instructed to have theroute surveyed by a competent engineer and a report will be made at ihenext meeting of the city council.Dr. Mark, of Bowling Green, chiefengineer of the State Board of Health,was in the city Friday going over thegrouna. He was of the opinion thesysTem could be constructed to mactthe desired end but suggested thatin event the desired grade could netl.fsecured, purification tanks could beinstalled to meet the requirements.At present, South Main street, beyond Fourteenth, and all the easternsiue of the city are without sewerage,and it is the intention to supply severage ab soon as practicable to allparts of the city. The plan is to laya line along south Main street toconnect with a line which will rundown the line of the L. & N. tracksthrough Vine street, and connect witha main line to be laid on Stoner Avenue, which last will be carried alongthe retaining wall of the Jj. & N. tracksby the mill-dam, and connect with themain sewer at the crossing, of the latter over Houston creek.It is the desire of the Mayor andcouncil that this work shall be sodone as not only to give proper sewerconnections to South Main and all theeastern part or tne city, but to provide at the same time for the futuregrowth of the city east oL the railroad.All sewerage systems installed .orextensive additions to old sewers mustby law be so constructed as to meetthe requirements of the State Boardof Health and to that end the Mayorhas secured the services of Dr. Markto look over the situation, and adviseas to the best plan to be adopted. Ifit is found practicable to connect thisline with the Main street line at thecrossing of Houston creek, it isthought that the difficulty may be solved by the erection of one or morepurification tanks and the dischargeof the sewerpipes- through, these tanksinto Stoner creek. -V - "v " 'EiKiJiiiinniiiiirimiminiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiuiiiJMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiininiiI FRANK & CO. IThe Store Where Reliability Reigns. i3iSummer GoodsOur Stock of Wash Materials for Summer Suits, Dresses,Skirts and Coats comprise all the new weaves and coloringsRatines Linens PiquesCordalines Crepe VoilesWith trimming suitable for same,; Ready-to-Wear GarmentsGingham and White Dresses for Misses and Children.White 'and Colored Washable Suits, Dresses and Skirtsfor Ladies and Misses.For Your Summer Tripv Tryone of our Trunks or Suit CasesWOOLEN SUITSWe have on hand about twenty five Suits all thisSpring's styles, mostly small sizes. This is a spleddid opportunity to buy a good suit at just a little more than theprice of a skirt. Why not buy one for your daughter'snext Fall school Suit? 'Twould be economicalPRICES HEREare as low as consistent with high-grade merchandise weoffer. Come in and inspect our stock. We want your trade.! FRANK & CaiiniiiiiiiiNiiiiittiitiiHitMiKiiiiiiiiiiimwjwwiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiMm'miiiiiiiiiiiwMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii9mmmmwmwMsmwi isrk0oftmiJmm A-si-S5l.?Nu-3-V --1 -e' fTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 10 1913- rr .uAoes Ghat J1to Overu utNew models and exclusive patterns areshown at all times in our display of Women'sfootwear. Every pair of these Shoes alsoshow elegance of finish and grace in each particular line. We can give you fitting qualitiesin Shoes which cannot be excelled, and as toservice, it need only be said that our Shoes aremade by the best Shoe makers in the world.We can give them to you in widths as narrowas AA.We invite your inspection.Geo. McL.Phones 301mmmmmwmaiy.i t f i i nyyrra-yu"y i 4Wi3BourbonDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.itoourbontomtCk'd ' M6fii-- XiZTlIParis Kentucky.toGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.M. A. CAHAL..Barber Shop.First-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto All.Hot and Cold Baths"We Thank You For a Share ofYour Patronage.Trees Trees Trees"Fruit and Ornamentals, Strawberries, Shrubs, Hedging:, Grapes. Asparagus, Rheubarb, Roses, Peonies,Phiox, etc.Everything for Orchard, Lawn andj&arden. NoJJAgents.H. F. KILLENMEYER & SONS,Lexington, Ky.'A WIRED HOUSEK SUttCTLY UP-TO-DATE1ippealomanIWilliams,The Shoe ManJfit C P 1j sgeggji a 1 1 T I ( pf i l mLaundry fSBStototosir.West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in ''oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateewW4)tototoLaundry.tfKentucky Traction and,Terminal Co.INTERTJRBAN SCHEDULELye. Lexington Lye. Paris 8 1for Paris For Lexington.x6.00 a m 6.45 a m7.20 am x7.30 a mx8.00 a m 8.15 a m '8.50 a m x9.00 a m10.20 a m 9.45 a m11.50 a m ''" 11.15 a m1 20 p m 12.45 p m2.50 p m 2.15 p mv 3.30 p m 3.45 p m4.20 p m 4.30 p m5.00 p m 5.15 p mvB.00p m 6.00 pm7.20 p m ' 6.45 p m9.10 p m 8.15 p m11.00 p m 10.05 p mx Daily Except Sunday.Take Plenty of Time to Eat.There is a saying that "rapid eatingis slow suicide." If you have formedthe habit of eating too rapidly you aremost likely suffering" from indigestionor constipation, which will result inserious illness eventually unless corrected. Digestion begins first in themouth. Food should Be thoroughlymasticated and insalivated. Thenwhen you have a fullness of the stomach or feel dull and stupid after eating, take one of Chamberlain's Tablets. Ma?y severe cases of stomachtrouble and constipation havebeen cured by the use of these tabletsThey are easy to take and' are jnostagreeable in effect:'' Sold' by all dealHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherI Entered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space a newspaper's stock intrad ' ouie of revenue.ANNOUNCEMENTS.The News is authorized to make thefollowing announcements, subject tothe action of the Democratic PrimaryAugust 2, 1913:For RepresentativeREUBEN HUTCHCRAIT.For State SenatorHON. J. WILL, CLAYRTJFTJS HADDENFor Commonwealth's AttorneyVICTOR 'A. BRADLEYFor County ClerkPEARCE PATONJ. WALTER PAYNEFor Police JudgeR. S. PORTERL. GRINNANTHOS. J. HOLLIDAYE. B. JANUARYFor CoronerGEO. M. KISERRUDOLPH DAVISFor MayorJ. T. HINTONJAS. M. O'BRIEN.For Police ChiefJ. C. ELGIN, Sr.W. F. LINKGEO. M. HILLBEN BISHOPGEO. W. JUDYVFor JailerJOSEPH FARRISW. O. BUTLERFor CouncilmenFirst WardWHITTINGTON MANN.GEO. D. SPEAKES.W. T. BROOKS.Second Ward. 'W. O. HINTON.BRUCE MILLER.W A. WALLEN.WM. KENNEY,Third WardJACK WOODS.For Assessor.R. M. GILKEY.L. B. Purnell, Deputy.JOHN S. WIGGINS.Wm. Lynch, Deputy.For County Judgec. a. McMillan.For County AttorneyGEO. BATTERTON.For MagistrateERNEST MARTIN, ParisL. J. FRETWELL, ParisA. L. STEVENSON,ClintonvilleR. O. TURNER, Ruddles Mills.,For SheriffW.F. TALBOTT,W. G. McCLINTOCK, DeputyJ. O. MARSHALL, DeputyKentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky fairs in 1913as far as reported:Mt. Sterling, July 234 daylTHarrodsburg, July 29 4 days.Madisonville, July 29 4 days.Uniontown, Aug. 5 5 days.Taylorsville, Aug. 5 4 days.Tri-County Fair (Carroll, Gallatin,Owen), Saunders, Aug. 6 4 days.Danville, Aug. 6 3 days.Blue Grass Fair, Lexington, Aug. 116 days.Mt. Vernon, Aug. 63 days.Winchester, Aug. 6 4 days.Berea, Aug. 7 3 days.Fern Creek (Buechel), Aug. 12 4days.Leitchfield, Aug. 12 3 days.Henderson, Aug. 12 5 days.Brodhead, Aug. 13 3 days.Perryville, Aug. 13 3 days.Vanceburg, Aug. 13 4 days.PARIS, AUG. 195 days.Hardinsburg, Aug. 19 3 days.Lawrenceburg, Aug. 19 4 days.Shepherdsville, Aug. 19 4 days.Erlanger, Aug. 20 4 days.Stanford, Aug. 20 3 days.Ewing, Aug. 21 3 days.Eminence, Aug. 21 3 days.Elizabethtown, Aug. 26 3 days.Shelbyville, Aug. 264 days.London, Aug. 26 4 days.Nicholasville, Aug. 26 3 days.Florence, Aug. 27 4 days.Germantown, Aug. 27 4 days.Alexandria, Sept. 2 5 days.Fulton, Sept. 2 5 days.Frankfort, Sept. 2 4 days.Somerset, Sept. 2 4 days.Bardstown, Sept. 3 4 days.Barboursville, Septt 3 3 days.Tompkinsville, Sept. 3 4 days.Franklin, Sept. 4 3 days.Hodgenville, Sept.- 9 -3 days.Monticello, Sept. 9 4-days.Morgantown, Sept. 11 3 days.SCHOOL OF METHODS:For Sunday School Work to Be Heldin Lexington.Preparations are being made for aSchool of Methods for Sunday Schoolworkers to be held in Lexington, June16-27, under the auspices of the Kentucky Christian Bible Scchool Association. The Disciples of Christ of theState of Kentucky are looking forwardto this as one of the most important religious events of the- year. Tile railroads have granted favorable rates.Reports from over the State indicatethat a large crowd will matriculate forthe school which "will be held for twoweeks at the college of the Bible andTransylvania University.. The Schoollast year was held at Morehead, Ky.An attractive faculty of instructorshas been announced by Dean Walter E.Frazee who is arranging all details.Among the instructors and lecturersengaged this year are President E. Y.Mullins, of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminery, Louisvile; Proffessors A. W. Fortune, W. C. Bower, S.M. Jefferson and President Crosseld ofTransylvania University, Lexington;Mullins of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, Louisville; Profesthe Christian Church, and W . J.W. J. Clarke, Louisville, Kentucky Adutl Bible Class Superintendent for thebeen planned. Many Sunday Schoolsattract ministers and religious workers though not directly engaged inSunday School work.In all about sixty Lectures havebeen planed Many 1 Sunday SchoolsMiss Hazel A. Lewis of Cincinnati, National Elementary Superintendent forof the State wil send representativeswith the idea of giving their teachersand workers both pleasure and profit.The School of Methods,, however, willattract ministersand religious workers,thoughnot directly engaged in SundaySchool work.During the School there will be onehalf-day holiday. The preachers enrolled may organize base ball teamsand pay off there exuberance in thatway to the delight of all presentHowever, work and not play will bethe principle object of the School.Can't Keep It Secret.'The splendid work of Chamberlain'sTablets is daily becoming more widely known. No such grand remedy forstomach and liver troubles has everbeen known. For sale by alK dealers.Bourbon Firm Buys Blue Grass.Last week Mr. T. H. Shannon, ofNicholas county, sold 75 acres of veryfine blue grass to Collier & Barton, ofMillersburg, for $3.70 per acre, sameto be stripped by them. The seed it issaid will not run more than 8 to 10bushels per acre, as against 16 bushelslast year. The 75 acres will net Mr,Shannon $277.50.You Will Be Pleased.Get shoe satisfaction by trading attf FELD'S.Poultry Notes.Orpington cocks are now thehighest priced chickensvon the market. Next come Blue AndalusiansIndeed, the best Andalusian malebrought more than the best Orpinton male at a recent sale.V .Toulouse '.ganders can besold forfrom six to 'fifteen dollars if he isproperly bred and tru e to feather.On an average his is the costliestgander in the pens.Rhode Island Reds are a comparatively new breed which sprung: intofavor suddenly and at once broughthigh prices, both for eggs and birds.This breed is not quite so fashionable now as it was at first, the Orpingtons coming in for a lion's shareot tlie public's approbation. TheRhode Island Red lays a rich, brownegg about the size of the Plymouthegg. The breed originated on southeast coast of New England. The coloris a cnerry red which glistens in thesunlight.The Pekin duck is a good layerand an excellent table fowl. It canbe made to dress four pounds at tenweeks of age. It is one of the largestof the duck family. The Pekin seldomlays fewer than one hundred andtwenty eggs per year.VThe most admired of all turkeys isthe Bronze. It is a rich bronze red.is large and hardy. The White Holland comes next in favor. For breeding purposes Bronze males bring fromfive to fifteen dollars; White Hollands from five to ten dollars.Geese are grain and grass feedersand do not require the animal food sonecessary to hens. They take nomilk, however, and thrive on cottagecheese.In caponizing, choose only the larger breed of -fowls. The leghorn, forinstance, is too small a bird ever tomake size enough to bring caponprices.Does it pay to keep hens? Hereare some figures which we gladlyquote: Last year's poultry 'productsamounted to $650,000,000 from 234.000.-i 000, hens an increase of $50,000,000over tn eprevious year.Ordinary bowel trouble is not thesame as white diarrhoea. The formeris brought on by improper feeding, ornot balanced rations; also by dirtyquarters, dirty drinking fountains,water, etc. It is a disease which canbe controlled. White diarrhea is theoffspring of a germ which becomes active immediately upon hatching. It iseither resident in the shell before thechick is hatched, or is inherited fromthe mother hen. Only the very strongest chicks are able to withstand ' itsravages and ordinary remedies forplain diarrhoea do not appear to haveany effect upon the downy nirds. Theexperiment stations are working on it,but have not yet found any reliablecurejfor it. The best plan is to avoidt.Tift TlOSSibilitv- of if: thrnnn'h nnrafnlattention to the hen and her housings.Facts inTtOTi ppntnriM Jfc has hcen known thatP ir,rr- orrnnfo -fr.!- he nrtva rtf llConQ.1-w f T-. t Tf t: !.:"'i 6-"" " ". ' " -.Lver lorty years ago ur. iv. v. rerti:, uuiei wuuiuug unoiwu . - .........v...Hotel and Surgical Institute at Buffalo, N.Y., usad toe powdered extracts as well sthe liquid extracts of native medicinal plants, such as DIoodroot and Queen's root,Golden Seal and Stone root, Cherry bark and Mandrake, for the euro of blooddiseases. This prescription as put up ia liquid form vas calledDR. PIERCE'S(Qoldesiend has enjoyed a lareo sale for allland. You can now obtain tho powderedyour medicine dealer, or send 50c inDr. Pierce's Invalids' Hotel, Buffalo, N.Y.,Medical TChe "Golden IJcdical Dhcovery" makes rich, red blood, invigorates theciomach, liver and bowels and through them the whole system. Skinaffections, blotches, boils, pimples and eruptions result of bad bloodare eradicated by this alterativoejc tract as thousands have testified.Send 31 onc-centstanips to pay cost of mailing only on a free copy of Dr.Pieice'3 Common Sense Medical Adviser, 1008 pages, clothboundADDRESS DH. R. V.D29S2?Se32asSSi8sase3sgi!$:$-Some Hot NeAs.We will im a few days receive a car of SemiAnthricite Coal. It has the Pocahontas fracture, isa much harder Coal therefore comes a betterpreparation, and is an ideal Furnace Coal.ANALYSISVolatile . .. 30.1 0 -Carbon 66.00Moisture 40Ash. 3.50 .Is you are interested in a first-class furnaceCoal, come to the yard ofDodsbn & Deo tonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Coth Phones 140Now;jis the time to layQS3&S& CferS-iiQg5vcCfe---fcg(1. Sells My Products2. Gets Eest Prices3. Brings Supplies7. rays j? or itseit uver ana Over jSeven cardinal rsasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.Extra Yalues!50 Fine and Stylish Sample Suits for Ladies and Misses, values $15 and $20, to be sold, special at 10.90. All Women andMisses size.Made .by the best manufacturers in the country to demonstrate the high character of their production.After the suits were displayed we immediately bought themat an unusual advantage, and now we price them awfully low, at$10.90The excellent tailoring perfection of fit and quality, of materials of these suits' and the low price will make a grand purchasefor you.Call and see them atTwin Bros. Deparimeni smreCorner Seventh &n& Maan Sts.We are agents for Pictorial Patterns, Buster Brown HoseBon Bon and W. B. Corsets. 'taI "-"" I' '--"-- - - rRoofs DUt Oil tWentv-Snc VMMhave never needed repairs. What is the result? Why practicallyevery ther shingle manufacturer is trying to imitate it, so be not deceived-look for the words 'Cortright Reg. U. S. Pat Off." embowed on thecorrugation. It is put there for your protection. Accept no substitute.' For Sale by .Pest & Hawkins, Millersburg Ky-NatureNature's most valuable health giv-nro "fntlTul in nilT American fCl6SL3..-- -- --- - .nnl:n nl,.,nminti tritlio lrn-r!ir.-' (iscoveryt'ese years in every drug store in theextract in sugar-coated tablet form or $one - cent postage stamps for trial box toand tablets will be mailed, postage prepaid- LkPIERCE, BUFFALO, N. Y.iy of4Biiin your Winter GoalmesssG!ASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the CumberlandiTelephone works for him. He will reply:4. Protects the Home ""5. Helps the Housewife Z6. Increases Profits ;i jz&Designed and Patentedin 1667The StandardEver Since" r - -t - r WTM t SMaan J . - J... 1-ZI7AJ lV 1W n3 .IV '. w ..f I1riTHL..BOURBON NEWS, 'PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE io, 1913.Imvss:-&1LLu- ?.:i-!bourbon bounty s 1 mpTo MammCave!H H H Lmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ,mmmmmmmmmmmmm B mPersonally Conducted by Home People!The Hotol and Cave have been reserved for this Excursion, and by special arrangement no other partywill be booked for this date.All boys and girls under 16 years of age in care ofparents or chaperones will bePassed Through Cave Free!Three big days' sight seeing from start to finish.The party will leave Paris June 12, going on regularmorning train from all stations. Write or phone L. &. Agent for particulars.United State's Discrict Court,Eastern District o! Kentucky,Covington.Home Telephone & Tele- - - - ComplainantCentralgraph. Co,VsBourbon County Home Telephone Co.- '..... Defendantsse3Sfcfte$83QesflRoundTrip R. R. FareFrom AH StationsAdults $5-65Children 2.85Board at Cave HotelMeaSs or LodgingAdults . r. 50cChildren? 25cLimit on Tickets 1 O daysOne Route rs the Cave $2.00 or two routes "for $3.00Boys or Girls under 1 6 years passed freeft of (This trip has been approved by all the County Officials, as well as the SuperintendentsCounty and City Schools, which makes it an opportune time to see the Cave.V-lNr avs i y j "sc '. . . . vsft . M.-r. i -v i v i1Low Round Trip Faresfrom Paris toNew York & Boston30 day limit Tourist fares toNew York $28.00j. 60 day limit variable route fares toNew York $31.95 Boston $35.55Reduced round trip fares to many other cities and resorts in the EastSuperior Service to the EastFor particulars, rates, folders, descriptiveliterature and sleeper reservations, addressW. H. HARRIS, Ticket AgentNATIONAL CONSERVATION EXPOSITION. KNOXVILLE, SEPTEMBER-OCTOBER, 1913mBetwen Cyntliiana and Lexington,(via Paris) a rear nickel-plated lightfrom Oldsmobile Autocrat car. Aliberal reward will be paid for itsrecovery.R. V. BISHOP,Cyntliiana, Ky.SMTnaiiffiSBtfig-3gL-aI Miss Margaret K. Caden, X310 Main Street, Lexington, Ky.-Special Display of !: Summer Hats . .Moderate PricesCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,L (Next to Bourbon Bank) "-,""3- CHAIRS 3' Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot andJJColdl Baths at A1I-. HoursNo LongJWaits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Are GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO RISKSIf You Are InterestedWrite UsPursuant to a decree of sale entered herein in the United States District Court for the Eastern District ofKentucky at Covington, Kentucky, onJanuary 21, 1913, I will offer for saleat the front door of the court house inthe city of Paris, Bourbon county,Kentucky, onTUESDAY, JULY 8, 1913,at 2 o'clock, p. m., the following described property, towit:"All the telephone plant and systemof the Bourbon County Home Telephone Company in Paris, Kentucky,and in Bourbon county,l Kentucky,and all its other property, rights,privileges, franchises and immunitiesof every character and description,whether in action or possession,wheresoever situated, and everythingof value which the Telephone Company owns or is entitled to, includingall the property, accounts, notes, moneys and assets of every description, inthe possession of S. M. Heller, Receiver herein, or in the possession- ofthe United States Trust Company,Trustee."The terms of said sale are as follows "No bid will be accepted from anybidder who shall not place in myhands at the time of making the bid,as a part of such bid, a pledge that hewill make good his bid if accepted bythe court, either in the sum of tenthousand dollars ($10,000) in moneyor the sum of ten thousand dollars($10,000) in the form of a certifiedcheck or certicate of deposit, payable to or endorsed to myself as specialmaster; -or in lieu of such money orcheck or certificate of deposit, twenty-fivethousand dollars (.$25,000) parvalue, of thebonds secured by themortgage hereby foreclosed.The depositreceiv,ed from any unsuccessful bidder or bidders shall bereturned to him or them, ' when theproperty is struck off.In case a bid shall be accepted andthe sale confirmed by this court andthe ssuccesful bidder shall complywith all the terms thereof, the cashdeposit made by him shall be credited as part qayment of the purchaseprice.In the event any- bidder whose bidhas been accepted, shall fai 1 to comply with any order of the court in re-gard to the payment of the purchaseprice, the cash, checks, certificates ofdeposit or bonds deposited by himshall be retained as liquidated" damages and shall be applied toward theexpense of any resale which may beordered, or toward making good anydeficiency or loss in case the property at a resale shall bring less thanat a prior sale; but, if a bid be accepted and the sale thus made by the Special Master shall not be confirmed bythe court, then the deposit made bythe bidder shall be returned to him..The nurchaser shall, as a part of ihis bid and purchase, assume andagree to pay any and all liabilitiesincurred by the receiver since his appoitment, which may remain unpaidon the date of confirmation of sa.le.Upon the confirmation of sale thepurchaser may pay so much of thepurchase price as may not be required by the order of confirmationto be paid in cash, by paying for andsurrendering outstanding bonds orcoupons secured by the deed of trustherein foreclosed, whether said coupons are attached to or cut fromsaid bonds, and thesaid bonds or coupons shall be received at such priceor value as shall be the equivalentto the amount that the holders thereof would have beenentitled to receivethereon in case the entire purchaseprice re paid in cash.All bonds and coupons that may beused to make such payment shall besurrendered to the Special Masterand the amount so paid on said bondsor coupons or applied thereon shallbe endorsed on said bonds or couponsby the Special Master, and the saidbonds and coupons shall then be returned to the holders or ownersthereof respectively.Any party to this suit or any holderor holders o f the bonds or couponsherein referred to, may bid and purchase atsuch sale, and shall be required to qualify and make deposit asabove provided.The court reserves the -right to resell said property or any part thereof,on such notice as it may direct, incase the purchaser, after "confirmation of sale, shallfail or omit to makeany payment upon the unpaid purchase price, within thirty days afterthe entry of an order requiring suchpayment.Said sale may be adjourned or postponed from time to time, on the request of the complainant, or on therequest of the United States TrustCompany, Trustee; or its solicitors.For greater particularity referenceis hereby made to said decree.J. W. MENZIES,Special Master.June 3-10-17-24"ODELS foreven thestoutestfigure are correctlyproportioned andhave the crowningquality of s trengthto hold their shape.They are thestrongest corsetsmade which givesthem a wearing valuefar in excess of anyothers.Automatically theexclusive reducingfeatures of these corsets hold down theexcess flesh at theback, hips and abdomen. Heavy elasticwebbing inserts frontand back give freedom of movementand adjust themselvesto any position, eithersitting, bending orstanding. Thesescientific featuresmake Rengo Belt theleading reducing corsets of 1913.Made extra strongas is needed andg guaranteed not torust.Prices S3, $3 and $5 Illustrated $3,Sold feyiiRANK St CO.I feflflfeHHHftiHVilX iSr Jimmmmmthe figure to the jT . itrue proportions llf vof slenderness . 'w&iu . rs ,-jmWi :jV even the M MFsmWr M imr i 'ss "sj ?.. n r? zvjn '?sinjr hit :n ' ipit (7 I cl0 ,- ' iiiil- Alii vt1 1 I . A "-aald sir3 ' 1 6 1I I INELASTICS&FiiS JWEBBJNQi '8 ItW JJ'rfWl' Jpl II 111' IIaunoilKBaKaSBnnBHMBiThe best lubrication -without carbonBLST? CSSSS&. fflfeX J&k a t XVyAW I Aperfect oilforeither air-cooled or water-5KwfrrSSgsJA uy cooled automobiles. Made froin finest Pennsyl-SIlJxsSly vania Crude. Apale, thin, high fire testoil whichSi f dT i 'r Positively free from carbon. On nnr - IAperfectoilforeitherair-cooledor water-cooled automobiles. Made from finest Pennsvl-vania Crude. Apale. thin, high fire testoil whichfeeds freely. Positively free from carbon. On yourfirst purchase of one bbl. of No Carb Auto Oil will furnish free one 55 gal. steel barrel with faucet, fine to use byyou for permanent storage. Price of oil in iron bbU., 45c per calfea.Order from n$ yoar woline, cup- CHAS. C. STOLLOIL CO. "Engiline", powerful tiqaulcrease, hard oil; tranraiwlon oil. n.ivrV pVi exploiire for gasoliae estae. IFor Rent.Cottage on Pleasant street betweenEighth and Ninth strets. Call B. T.Phone 34.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARTS, KENTUCKY.Office 51-4 Main Street.ice PI''H Home1!!.Residence H0ra'e 3ovictor"CoONION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000Fully PaidREXLipfl Poultry Remedy 25c"Saves the Sick"For Gape, While Diari heoa. Roiip,I,imhfrneck and all Poultrydiseases. To Cure NoPay, It works vhilethey ro.t.rex S:ceHas no "equal" f ; alue,iiiit"a.il Kirmkilh r. Best w. rh tor &!1sores um'1 c .'.sen ; "sto.k. Fincsc d.-.. J--tvr-; Ji "!5 ttif frit- Tinner K'rl 1 "doif tennel and hen lioine. EY MAI;, 'THE REX CHEMICAL cn.f Newport, Ky.SOLD BYVarden & Son, I. A.Soper, Little Rock,D. B. Clark & Co, "Millersburg, Jiy.tollof june')?IJewelers and ImporetrsDEALERS IN HIGH-CLASS IDiamonds and IPrecious IStonesWe carry a large assortment of Sterling Silver, andeverything in the Jewelry line.Your patronage is solicited.VICTOR BOGAERT CO.,1 33-1 35 W. Main St.,Lexington,eKentucky 1.ifr'?LA5!$?v-''&-'-rii . yA itj.' .Vi-jAto'' ' '"'t1 ''''" '' gtff "'? c,;'1 ',r' j-V"' .-&tMfiUkir- ,-t, , $. -.TV"'effMf1HL BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 10, 1913xf- . . tThe Bourbon News.Established Feb. 1, 1881.SWIFT CHAMP,- Editor andPublisher-(Entered at the Paris Kentucky Postoffice as Mail Matter of the SecondClass.)ARE THE TAX-PAYERSENTITLED TO KNOW?The grand jury sitting at the Marchterm of the Bourbon Circuit Court, onthe day of its final adjournment,March 22, filed with Judge Robert L.Stsout, the presiding Judge, an exhaustive report of its findings during thesession.Among the matters referred to in thereport was the condition of the turnpikes of Bourbon county. The grandjury made a thorough investigation ofall matters pertaining to the publicroads of the county and scented a condition that had heretofore been passedunnoticed and embodied in its report ascathing criticism of the mannerwhich the affairs of the countyininthis regard had been conducted.The apparent laxity .of the conductof these affairs prompted the grandjury at the March term of court tosummon a number of witnesses whichwere thoroughly examined and themost minute detail probed before thereport to the court was submitted.The grand jury in its report inferred that favoritism had been shownand preference given some roads overothers, and asked for reports showingthe taxpayers the amount of moneythat had been expended in this department. It further requested that the reportas soon as filed be published that thetax-payers of the county might seethe manner in which their money hadbeen expended upon the public roads.The report, we are informed, wasmade and presented to the FiscalCourt, but for some unknown reason,failed to gain the publication uponwhich the grand jury insisted. Thatportion of the report of the grand juryregarding the public roads is as follows: "Your grand jury has made a thorough investigation of the condition ofthe public roads of the county, andhave have very serious fault to findwith the manner in which it is kept,the results received for the amount ofmoney expended and the generalhandling of the county's business inthis regard. We have examined anumber of witnesses and from our personal knowledge find that a large percent, of our turnpikes are in a deplorable condition. Some of these haveliad practically no repairs made upontnem for the past two or three years."We have compared our turnpikeswith the turnpikes of other countieshaving practically the same road fundper mile available and find that thefiscal courts and supervisors of thesecounties have been able to keep theirroads in satisfactory condition andthat their condition is strong evidencethat there is something greatly atfault with the manner in which themoney of our county is expended andthe work done upon the roads. Weare thoroughly convinced from theevidence at hand that these conditionsare caused by the neglect of the Fiscal Court and Road Supervisors. WeAnd that practically no attention isgiven to the condition of the roads orto the manner of their up-keep by theFiscal Court or the Road Supervisors."Again we find that some of theroads of the county have been shownpreference over other roads in thecounty in regard to the amount ofmoney expended for their up-keep andrepair. We find no justifiable reasonfor this. We find that the Road Supervisors give a very small part oftheir time and practically no personalsupervision to the work on the roads."We have asked for a report fromthe Supervisors some days ago, showing the amount of money expendedupon each road of the county, butf?e have been unable to get it in timeti embody it in this, our final report.We recommend that in the futurethe Road Supervisors be required togive their full time and personal attention to their offices and to the careof our roads so that the tax-payers ofour county may be assured that fullvalue is received for the money expended from the road fund."In justice to the tax-payers of ourcounty we respectfully ask that thisreport be fully published in a prominent place in our county newspapersand also that the report of the Supervisors in regard to the amount ofmoney expended upon each road in thecounty be also published when it finally appears."Are the tax-payers of Bourbon entitled to know how their money wasexpended? We think they are. Fromthe fact that this report was nevermade public further than to theofficials of the county demonstrates adisposition on the part of the FiscalCourt, Road Supervisor or other officials, anything but friendly toward theinterests and welfare of the tax-payers.The present grand jury should lookinto the matter before adjourningfinally, and determine upon a plan toenlighten the tax-payers whose money,it seeing, from the previous report wasruthlessly expended.BAD ROADS ARE A MENACE TOA CITY'S BUSINESS INTERESTS.Ltt week in Mt. Sterling a movemeat was started by , the.. Business3f a's Cktb of that city, looking to'theimprovement of one of the main turn- ipikes of Montgomery county with aview of making it of commercial valueand the Fiscal Court of that countyforeseeing the value of a good roadleading to the Montgomery capital,agreed to meet the proposal of theclub and made a liberal appropriationto assist in meeting the expense ofthe reconstruction of the road, to makeit a model highway.The turnpike in question is the roadleading from Mt. Sterling to the Bourbon county line, through one of thewealthiest and most influential neighborhoods, and touching the boundaryof Bourbon at a point which aboundsin wealth. The movement among thebusiness men of Mt. Sterling is one tobe commended and displays a keenactivity on the part of the merchantsand public spirited citizens to reachout beyond their own domain and offer liberal inducement to attract radeto their city.No better inducement could be offered the people by the citizens of anytown to get them to trade in their citythan good roads over which to travelin their effort to reach trading centers.The commercial value of a turnpike isenhanced a thousandfold by a propercondition for travel and residents inthe country following a human instinctare free to take advantage of the bestroute.The Paris pike from Mt. Sterlingextends to the Bourbon county lineand links the two counties at NorthMiddeltown. The business men ofMt. Sterling were wise in the proposalto make the road one of the most desiderable travel and will reap a richharvest from a community whichrightfully should do trading in thecenter of its own county, were thesame advantages in the matter of agood turnpike, over which to traveloffered.Bad roads are menace to commercial interests of any community, regardless of the other advantages thatbe offered by merchants or businessmen. Sections which are not traversby railroads or electric lines mustnecessarily have an outlet, and it isnatural to suppose that citizens willtake advantage of the most desirableroute to travel to a point to do theirtrading.Although Bourbon ranks among thewealthiest counties in the State it haslittle to boast of in the way of turnpikes. A sum of $40,000 set asideannually for this purpose, should makethe 331 miles of road at Least fit forordinary travel, but complaints arenot infrequent regarding the presentcondition of the county's highways.Any of the counties in the Blue Grass,many being less wealthy have turnpikes of which they can be justlyproud, while our roads are a disgraceto a county of such standing amongthose of the State.1S53ZZ53ZttZj&$&ZZniZZZ2&&m&mmmwi noteKENNEDY-KENNEDY.Wednesday afternoon at 4 o'clock,the marriage of Miss Sarah TalbertKennedy to Mr. Jesse Fithian Kennedy, will be solemnized at the homeof Mrs. J. F. Kennedy, in Lexington.Dr. J. W. Porter will perform theceremony, Miss Elizabeth Featherstonwill be the maid of honor, Mr. Marshall Breeze, of Cincinnati, the bestman; Miss Mary Porter the- bridesmaid and Mr, Felix Kennedy will givehis sister in marriage. After the wedding the couple will go for a trip andreturning will make their home withMrs. Kennedy. The evening beforethe wedding when the rehearsal takesplace Mrs. Kennedy will entertain thebridal party at supper.Beats Them All.Try one of our 10-cent wrappedcakes.The kind that beats them all.I T. LENIHAN.6-tfVeteran Newspaper Man Dead.George W. Oldham, 70 years old,died at his home in Maysville, Saturday night, following an operation forstomach trouble several days ago. Hewas a vetehan newspaper man andhad the distinction of publishing theonly Sunday paper ever issued inMaysville, the Sunday Morning Call.He was city editor of the MaysvillePublic Ledger and was actively engaged in newspaper work for 53 years.During the Civil War he served inthe Union Army and belonged to theSixteenth Kentucky Infantry. Heleaves, a wife and six grown children.Pressing and Cleanirfg.I have opened a first-class pressingand cleaning establishment over thesaloon of B. Weisberg. We are prepared to do all kinds of work in ourline. Work done promptly and satisfaction guaranteed. Let us have yourbusiness.6-2t EDW. BRANNON.Primary Law Upheld.Common Pleas Judges William H.Field, Thomas R. Gordon, Walter P.Lincoln, and W. M. Smith,in an opinion handed down Friday afternoon inLouisville, sustained the constitutionality of the Kentucky election law andheld that County Clerk Presley S.Ray acted properly in rejecting thenomination petition of Charles T.Gardner and George R. Ewald, candidatesfor the Progressive, nomination forrepresentative from the Forty-fourth-md Forty-sixth districts, and of C, J.Cunningham, candidate for the Democratic nomination for representativefrom the Forty-first district.THREE MEN INJUREDWhen Auto In Race With Interurban-S Car Turns Turtle.Three persons were injured in anautomobile accident Tuesday morningon the Lexington pike about four milesfrom paris.As a result of the accident NelsonMcLoney, of Sharpsburg, Bath county,is in a Lexington hospital sufferingfrom injuries from which he may notrecover. Robert S. Sharp and W. L.Evans, from the same place, werealso injured. R. S. Robinson, ofBethel, Bah county, was the only member of the party to escape withoutinjury.McLoney's left leg was broken intwo places and he received numerousminor bruises and it may be he is internally injured. His injuries are veryserious.The party was enroute to Lexingtonin the car owned by Evans, who wasdriving the machine. The accident occurred at a dangerous point in theroad about one-half mile from thesub-station on the traction line and issaid to have been the result of a racewith an interurban car.According to the story of Mr. Robinson, they were making an effort tooutdistance the car, when Evans lostcontrol of the machine and it swervedin the direction of the interurban car.In his effort to right the machine hecaused it skid and when it struck awashed place in the roadbed, it turnedurtle and rolled down an embankment.All of the occupants were thrownout and three of them were renderedunconscious. The injured men werebrought to this city, where Evans andSharp received medical attention,while McLoney was taken to the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington.Sharp suffered a fracture of theright shoulder and right wrist andand was badly bruised about the headand body. Evans' lef t shoulder wasdislocated and he was cut about theface and head by broken glass fromthe wind shield. Robinson was throwna distance of ten feet, but sustainedonly a slight bruise between theshoulders.McLoney is Better.Mr. Nelson McLoney, who was hurtin an automobile accident Fridaymorning near this city, is suffering agood deal of pain, but is as well ascould be expected, according to a report from the Good Samaritan Hospital, where he was taken.'Olympian Has $300,000 Capital.The Olympian Springs Hotel Company filed articles of incorporation atFrankfort, which were approved bySecretni'y of State Creceilius Saturday.According to articles the hotel is incorporated with a capital stock of$300,000. The incorporators wer F.E. Shireman , Thomas N. Steatt andHarry Wallingford.Removal Notice.I have made arrangements to occupy space in the store with Mrs. M. A.Paton. In the future, I will be foundat that place. I have a complete lineof linens, flosses, fancy work of allkinds, etc. I will be glad to have myfriends and customers call on me inmy new quarters as I will have moreroom to display and show my goods.- Respectfully,2t- MRS. W. E. BOARD.Weil-Known Firm Dissolves.The well-known firm of Yerkes&Prichard, of this city, will be dissolvedon July 1, Mr. John Yerkes, the seniormember of the firm retiring, he having sold his interest in the business toMr. Chas. Baltf The firm will continueto handle utomobiles, farm implements and vehicles. Mr. Yerkes hasnot decided what busines she will engage in.Large" Blackberry Crop.Reports from Nicholas county arethat a large crop of blackberries isindicated.Day Trip to St. Louis.By leaving Paris on L. & N. trainat 8:20 a. m., direct connection ismade with the B. & O. S. W. fast trainleaving Cincinnati at 12 o'clock noon,daily, arriving at St. Louis at 8 o'clockTrain carries elegant high back seatcoaches, parlor cars, electric lighteddining car, and makes -direct connection in St. Louis Union Station withall Western, Northwestern, and Southwestern lines. Other B. & O. S. W.St. Louis fast trains leave Cincinnatidaily 2:15 a. m., 9:00 a. m, and 9:15p.. m. Night trains have electricallylighted sleeping cars with individualberth lights. For information as tofares and other particulars! consultyour local ticket agent, or addressS. T. SEELY, T. P. A. B. & O. S.W. R. R., 513 Traction Bldg., Cincinnati, O. 6-lmoVeteran Condctor Retires.Thomas Matlack, one of the oldestconductors of the L. & N. railroad, hasretired at his own request, and will beplaced on the pension roll, which weunderstand is half pay.Capt. Matlack has been in the road'sservice since 1862, and was one of thebest known and most popular railroadmen in this section.RELIGIOUS.The regular monthly meeting of theC. W.B.M. was held Friday afternoonin the parlors of the Christian Churchwith Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, first vicepresident, presiding, in the absence ofthe president, Mrs. W. E. Simms, whois convalescing irom a protracted illness. Impressions of the recent district convention held in Cynthianawere given by those who attended fromthe Paris auxiliary, and the literaryprogram, which was in charge of Mr3.Custis Talbott, was more than usuallyinteresting. The topic was Mexico.The two-ear-old daughter of jtfr.William Kennedy, residing on thefarm of Mr, Jphn Sauer, died Sundaynight afterjyaa illness of several days.DEATHSANFUNERALSSTOGK ANDARMNOTESMcKee Bros., of Versailles, re-1cently sold $1,500 worth of pedigreed ,Durocs to a Southern buyer.Already the Southern lamb crop ison its way. The movement from Tennessee and Kentucky is in full swingand will reach its height during June.Jas. H. Haggard, of Paris, sold lastweek to Jonas Weil, of Lexington, 22head of heifers, weighing about 700 iqounds each, at 7 cents per pound.The delivery will be made in July. iJas. L. Dent, Secretary of the Kentucky State Fair, at Louisville , urges Ithe saddle horse men to send for entry blanks at once to makeentries inthe Commissioner of Agriculture Stakewhich will be worth $2,000 this year,and will be divided into seven moneys. IThe Greenville, N. C. Horse Showwas held May 20-22. Foxy Phil, the IBourbon King gelding exhibited by iJno. T. Colins & Son, of Bourbon, wasconsidered by many the best horse ofhis kind at theshow. He took first pre- jmium in the three-gaited saddle class.A mysterious disease called "black Itongue" is said to be causing consid-jerable havoc among the horses in IMadison county. It is reported worsein other counties. The animal thatfor its life, and horse owners are seseriously alarmed.A 'iimj.i:4 ia:.i form of distemperhas broken out anions the horses inGarrard county, and, many have died.Congressman Helm, of that district,has interested the officials of tbe Bureau of Agriculture at Washington,and an expert will be sent to investigate and take steps to stop the spreadof the disease.Wool buyers of Winchester saytilt the wool clip js the lightest inyears in Clark county. They attributethis to breeders shearing too early.There is scarcely no oil in it and tourpounds to the sheep is an averageyield. One of the largest wool growers in Clark sheared 80 sheep and onlygathered 313 pounds.Thirty-six thoroughbred yearlingsby the famous Keene stallions, BenBrush, Sweep , Hippodrome, Delhi,Voter, Disguise, Ultimus and Celt, outof the Keene broodmares, many ofwhich perished in the recent disastrous fire at Kingston Stud, in Fayette count', were taken to James Butler's East View Stock Farm, twentytwo miles from New York, yesterdaymorning.A sliding internal revenue tax ontobacco manufactured by companieswhose output is more than 80,000,000pounds a year was proposed to theUnited States Senate in a bill introduced by Senator Hitchcock, of Nebraska as an amendment to the Underwood Tariff Bill. The measure issaid to be favored by the AttorneyGeneral as a means to regulate thecomponent companies of the old To-1bacco Trust.Fine Stationery.New shipment of Crane's fine stationery in the latest style note paper,envelopes, correspondence cards, birthannouncements, etc.6tf x PARIS BOOK STORE.SUBSIBefore You Buy Investigate theSrinly Leverless Uultivator. INO LEVERS NO SPRINGS IALWAYS IN BALANCENo JNeck Weight or Plying Upof Pole. ,Will Do More Work, Do It Better, Longer and Easierand Without Those Frequent Break-downsYou Have With Other CultivatorsDraft JOne-fourth Lighter than on Ordinary Cultivators.For Sale ByYerkes & Prichard,Dealers inFarm Machinery,KJRppetizing BreakfastsPrepared JigbtDining table!With the Electric Grill, the most convenientof Electrical Cooking devices. Simply attach to any convenient lamp socket and inless than 1 5 seconds the coils of the Grill areready for use. Bacon may be broiled underneith at the same time that toast is beingmade on top. You can boil, fry or poacheggs, fry chops, make griddle cakes, in fact,you will find new uses for the Electric Grillalmost every day.IS YOUR HOME WIRED7If not, we will do the work AT COST.fPails Gas 4 Mi co.IK.IncorporatedrWomen's Pumps & OxfordsWomen's White Canvas Pumps,flat silk bows, white canvasheels, our stock No. 1457; excellent values at 3.00.Women's Patent LeatherPumps,nice models for growing girlsand voung misses. Our stockISTo. 1450. Well priced at J 10.Wemen's Black Velvet Pumps,very pretty and fit the footfinely. A model that is verypopular this season. Our stockNo. 1450, at $3 00.RASH &fc&iSWAIV-wGOOD SHOES264 W. MAIN ST,,Anybody Can Operatrinlv LeverjCultivatorsWagons, Buggies,Automobiles and Garagem - WVon theJIWomen's Gun Metal Two-StrapPumps, medium wide foe, medium heels, two straps acrossinstep, small silk bows. Ourstock No. 1454. Splendid valuesat $3.00.Women's Gun Metal Oxfords,medium round toe, mediumheels, good values at 13.00.Women's Black Satin Pumps,our No. 1455, flat satin bows,satin covered low heels. Handturned soles. Unusual valuesat C3.00.IICLAY, Inc.IFOR EVERYBODYLEXINGTON, KY.f"IOICoaland Salt,AiXIvrti.j.?ir"THE. BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 10, 1513" i 'Jsx.fitE BOURBON NEWS.L -HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEHail insurance ontobacco. Oldest company in the business.Thomas & Woodford.Borland Residence Sold.Harris & Speakes, real estate agentssold Saturday at public auction for Mr.S. E. Borland his residence on Higgins avenue to Mr. Sam Brannon for3,200.Suits $15 and $18.See our Blue Serge Norfolk suits at15 and 18 before you buy. They arethe latest thing. We will save youmoney.-16-tf HiGGINS & FLANAGAN.Appointed AdministratorDr. W. V. Huffman, of Millersburg,was yesterday appointed administrator of the estate of the late J. H. Linville, by Judge Dennis Dundon. Hequalified with O. B. Hurst as surety.ij 'Wanted.Three boys wanted to sell SaturdayE"-ning Post. Apply toIt OBERDORFER,The Druggist.Ice Cream Supper at Shawhan.There will be an ice cream supperfor the benefit of the- PresbyterianChurch at Shawhan Saturday night,June 14. Everybody invited. Admission 15 and 20 cents.Howard1 s Successor Appointed.President Wilson Thursday sent tothe Senate the biggest list of diplomtic selections he has made since hetook the oath of office. Among thenumber was former GovernorBentonMcMillan, of Tennessee, to succeedthe Hon. H. C. Howard, of this city, asMinister to Peru.SOCIAL AND PERSONALFlower Mission Day.To-day will be observed as FlowerMission Day by the W. C. T. U. Avisit will be made to the County Infirmary, where the members of theanion will distribute flowers. Theywill also make visits to the sick.Final arrangements were made yesterbay at a meeting held at the home ofMrs. William Myall.Bourbon Farm Sold.Mr. William J. Davis, who now resides in Uniontown, Kan., has sold hisfarm, known as the Webb Ross place,located near Hutchinson, and containing 88 acres, to Mr. Jack Gilbert, ofCincinnati, at 165 per acre. The farmis improved with a substantial brickresidence. Mr. Gilbert who is a traveling salesman, will take possession ofthe property about the first of July,with his family.Dr. F. J. Cheek, of Danville, was avisitor in Paris yesterday. .Mrs. Georgia Stuart is seriously illat her home on Pleasant street.Mr. D. G. Pleasants, of Atlanta,Ga., was a visitor in Paris Saturday.Mr. William Schrote left Fridayfor Pittsburg for a visit to relatives.Mrs. P. L. Jamason is in Madisonville for a month's visit to relatives.Mr. and Mrs. Homer Shy are atB.ue Licks. Nicholas county, visiting-rfl; tives,Mrs. Addie Fogg has returnedfrom a visit to relatives and friends inMt. Sterling.Mrs. Arthur Hancock has beenquite ill for several daysat her homeon Duncan Avenue.Miss Katherine Marsh has returned home after a visit to Mrs. VernonMastin, in Versailles.Mrs George Black and little daughter, of this city left Friday for a visitto relatives in London.Mr. and Mrs. Hall of Shelbyville,are guests of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Dutton, on Fifteenth street.Mrs. Mattie Hurley has been theguest for several days of Mrs. WillKiser, on South Main street.Mrs. Dixie Smedley, of Carlisle, isa guest of Mr. J. R. Howe and wifeand other friends in the city.Mr. Bert Haskins, of Austerlitz,was operated on Friday morning at aLexington hospital for appendicitis. -Miss Agnes Morgan has returnedto her home in Covington, after avisit to Miss Bettie Smith in this city.Mrs. Nathan Bayless, Jr., isquite ill at theh ome of her mother,Mrs. B. F. Bedford, Sr., near thiscity.Mrs. Georgia Dewees and niece,Miss Lillian Burch, of Newtown, areguests of Mrs. J. H. Ewalt, on Inglesavenue.Misses Louise and Minnie Robinson, of Berea, are guests of theirsister, Mrs. Edward Brent, on Vinestreet.Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Knox, ofShawhan, were guests last week oftheir daughter, Mrs. William Nave, inVersailles.Miss Edith Stivers has returnedfrom State University, Lexington,where she was' a member of the graduating class.Mr. Lyford Lilleston, of KansasCity, Mo., arived last week for a visitto his mother, Mrs. S. Lilleston, onHiggins avenue.Mrs. J. W. Bramblett was calledto Winchester Friday on account ofthe serious illness of her daughter,Mrs. C. C. Robbins.Misses Mary Hayden and NellieMitchell returned yesterday after avisit of several days to relatives ofthe former in Stanford.Miss Ida Lee Whclor, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Wheeler, is illat the home of her parents on HoustonAvenue with dyphtheria.Mr. Charles W. Heck has returnedfrom Youngstown, O., where he attended the funeral of his mother, whodied in that city last week.Misses Lillie and Mary Martin,of Stony Point, who were the guestslast week of Miss Allie Jones in Winchester, have returned home.Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Power are atAtlantic City, where the former is attending the convention of the NationalWiggins, Mary Fithian Hutchcraft,Martha Ferguson and her guest, MissMary Foster of Covington, attended acard party given by Mis Mary Leonard, in Lexington, Friday afternoon.Miss Mary Adams Lincoln, of Louisville, is the guest of Miss ElizabethBrown.Miss Irene Tackett, of Millersburg,was the guest yesterday of Miss Elizabeth Mann.'Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Burnaugh a:ended the Grand Council of the UniteJCommercial Travelers, at Lexington,Friday.Miss Elizabeth Stuart Carter isvisiting Mr and Mrs. H. S. Stout inLexington.Miss Kate B. Moore, of Versailles,is visiting Miss Amanda Davis, at thehome of Mrs. T. M. Funk.Deputy Sheriff J. O. Marshallwent to Millersburg last night to be atthe bedside, of his mother, Mrs. SallieMarshall, who is quite ill. ' .Judge E. B. January was in Lexington yesterday to attend the meetingof the Executive Board of the Odd Fellows Widows' and Orphans' Home.Mrs. C. R. Turner, who has beendangerously ill for several days, stillremains in a critical condition. Little hopes are entertained for her recovery. Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Carroll andHiss Sallie Alexander motored home toLouisville yesterday after a very pleasant week-end visit to Mr. and Mrs.J. H. Thompson.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Thompson gavea very delightful dinner Saturday evening at, the Country Club for Mr. andMrs. A. J. Carroll. Besides the guestsof honor there were Mr. and Mrs. Sidney G. Clay, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Hancock, Miss Kate Alexander, Miss SallieAlexander, Miss Alice Rogers Clay andMr. James Thompson, Jr.Mrs. James H. Thompson entertained Saturday with a delightful informal luncheon at her lovely countryhome, "Woodlawn Villa," in honor ofher guest, Mrs. A. J. Carrroll, of Lou-fisville. Mrs. Thompson's guests wereMrs. Carroll, Mrs. Charlton Alexander,Mrs. Frederick Wallis, of New York;Mrs. Swift Champ, Mrs. B. A. Frankand Miss Sallie Alexander, Louisville,who is also a charming guest of Mrs.Thompson, and Mr. James Thompson,Jr.It is easy to be an Optimist. Justthink of all the things you don't get,and be thnkful.AUTO APPARATUSFor Fire Department May 3e Purchased 3y City Council.Declares Reports Untrue.The renorts being circulated that I"have been distributing poison and have . Wholesale Grocers' Association,killed a number of dogs, are absolute- j Judge D. Gray Faulconer, of Lex-lv untrue and I feel that I should!make this statement to disprove anyreports of this nature. I have neverbeen guilty of such practices and thereports circulated are malicious andsolely for the purpose of doing meharm.FRED LINK.Excellent Program Today.The pictures at the Columbia to-dayhave been a success everywhere theyhave been exhibited. The two reel feature "Past Redemption," has been pronounced as one of the greatest two reelpictures ever produced by the KayBee Company. The story while it isof the West, has a trend of eventsthroughout which shows that scenariowas written with care and the best ofattention has been given to the minutest detail. The one other picture,the name of which is not known, but isknown to be a comedy, will make theshow at this popular theatre the bestto be seen in the city.Graduating Gifts.We have a beautiful selection ofgraduating gifts, such as books, fancypicture frames, etc. Come in and lookthem over.6tfPARIS BOOK STORE.CONDITIONAL GIFTMade By Mr. Catesby Spears to theY. M. C. A.In a letter to the State ExecutiveCommittee of the Young Men's Christian Association of Kentucky a littleover a month ago, Mr. Catesby Spearsstated that Mrs. E. F. Spears andfamily would give 5,000 toward a Y.M. C. A. building conditioned on securing 35 000 within two months. Thissubscription was made voluntarilyafter a great deal of thougth and studyas to efficiency of Y. M. CyA. work.This gift has made the first tangibleopening for a Y. M. C. M campaign inParis. Even in the 50,000 campaignin Lexington five years ago there wasno gift over 2,000. So this magnificent gift from the Spears familyshould be an incentive to Bourboncounty people to get under the proposition and make a great success out ofthe campaign. We shcmld have a civic,pride in having one of the best Y. M.C. A. buildings in the State. It is achallenge to the people of Bourboncounty. Nearly one hundred men are- being enlisted in the active work of1 the campaign which opens next Monington, and Attorney John C. Herrman, of Cincinnati, were in the cityyesterday atending Circuit Court.Mrs. Sanford Roberts entertainedFriday evening with a delightful garden party for Miss Agnes Morgan, ofCovington, who has been the attractive guest of Miss Bettie Smith.Deputy Sheriff W. F. Talbott losta valuable mare Thursday night froman attack of indigestion. She wassix years old, by Cosmos, and wasvalued at several hundred dollars.Mrs. Robecca Rudisell and niece,Miss Ethel Freeman, left Friday fora visit to friends in Cincinnati andLouisville. Later they will go toWhite Sulphur, Va., to spend the summer. Miss Lillian Austin, who has beenteaching at St. Petersburg, Fla., andher sister, Miss Mary Austin, whotaught at Columbus, Ga., have returnedto their home in Bourbon to spend thesummer.Mrs. Margaret Swart and daughter, Miss Elizabeth Swart, of this city,have gone to New Haven, Mich., whereMrs. Swart will assume charge of alarge hotel at that point, for thesummer months.Misses Carolyn Roseberry andMartha Ferguson went to Georgetownyesterday to be the guests of MissSue Ford Offutt and to attend the annual June dance at the LancasterHotel to-morrow night.Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champ, MissFrances Champ and Miss DorcasUssery are at Olympian Springs.Mr. Champ is attending the meeting ofthe Kentucky Press Association whichis in session there this week.Mrs. Hugh Montgomery entertained the members of the Six-Hand Euchre Club Thursday afternoon at herhome on Duncan avenue. Dainty refreshments were served and the meeting was thoroughly enjoyed.The State Department of Agriculture has quarantined livery stables atMorganfield and Richmond on accountof an outbreak of catarrhal feveramong the horses. At Hopkinsvillethe county is furnishing anti-toxin atcost and steps are being taken to curethe epidemic.The American Seeding MachineCompany was fined 600 in the HardinCircuit Court for forming a combination with other companies to raiseprices. The same company was fined700 at a previous term of the courtfor a similar offense, and the case isnow pending in the United States Supreme Court on appeal.In the near future Paris will mostlikely have a new automobile fire apparatus and it is probable the purchase of such a machine to add to theequipment of the department will bemade at the meeting of the City Council Thursday night.Mayor J. T. Hinton, who at the lastmeeting of the couniladvocated thepurchase of the machine, has expressed himself as beinkstrongly in favorof closing a contract without furtherdelay and will make a report to thecouncil at its next meeting.During the past few days a representative of a New York automobilemanufactory and a representative of aCincinnati concern have been in thecity in conference with the Mayor andmembers of the fire committee of thecouncil, with the result that some veryinteresting figures have been secured.The report which Mayor Hinton willmake to the council Thurcsad nightwill carry with it a statement of thepressing demand for such an improvement in the department.The rapid growth of the city in thepast few years makes it necessary forthe installation of an apparatus thatwill be capable of reaching a fire inthe most remote prtt of the city inmuch less time than is now required.All of the principal cities in Kentucky have installed auto apparatusand the most satisfactory results arebeing obtained daily. Mayor Hinton,together with the members of the firecommittee of the council will go toFrankfort Wednesday to inspect theequipment of the department of thatcity, which is said to be the most complete of any city in Central Kentucky.The Right Kind of Cakes Made toEat.We have 'em cakes made to eateight different kinds. Received daily.Only ten cents each.SALTER'S GROCERY.' Opp. Court House.Horsemen Fom Partnership.Henry S. Caywood and McCrayBros., North Middletown, have formeda partnership, and will put out a largestable of show horses this year. Theywill visit all the Kentucky fairs andwill make their initial show at theMontgomery fair to be held in Mt.Sterling the week of July 23. This firmhas already a number of high classshow horses and will have a full stableof fancy stock when they start. Amongtheir best prospects isa flve-gaitedroan mare for the agecFsaddle classes,which has been pronounced a wonder.She has the style, the action and theway of going that makes a winner,and in the hands of this combinationwe look to see her one of the reallysensational show horses in the State.WSmi:Special Sale ofShirt WaistsHaving bought too heavy in thisline, I will offer for the next ten daysmy entire stock of Lingerie and Embroidered and Tailored Waists at thefollowing reductions:$1.25 waists, now .901.75 waists, now$1.482.50 waists, now 1 .983.00 waists, now 2.483,50 waists, now 2.984.00 waists, now 3.485.00 waists, now 4.48Double (.he Joys of EveryOuting with aAnybody can kodak.Come in and Set us showyou how simple itj is tokodak all - by - daylightway.We Have Kodaks From.$5.00 Up.DAUGHERTYOIlUsCome and take advantage Of theseprices. We have never shown suchJ beautiful and nobby styles before.JW. Ed. Tucker.43Cast Uenn. 2S8.jfcome 730,Suitable Gifts for GraduationBar PinsVanitiesLong ChainsFansRingsMesh BagsLavalliersLocketsHat PinsCoat ChainsFriendship CirclesBracelett WatchesPocket KnivesCoin CasesFobsGWe Carry a Special Assortment of ,''Goods of Quality' in the above list inSterling Silver, GoldFilled and Solid Gold.We will receive this week another large assortment of Sterling Silver Hat ins to retail for 50c apair. They have made a BIG HIT."THE HOUSE OF QUALITY."SHIRE & FITHIANaeeao3G3933sa9ttteetrT.TONMartinBrosFurniture Moving,City Transferand First-ClassLiveryiday night, with a banquet 'for the -Winchester News: "Mrs A. Bworkers at the court house, given bythe ladies of the city and county.Next Sunday morning the pulpits of allthe Paris churches and those at NorthMiddletown and Centerville will be occupied by Y. M. G. A. speakers. Therewill be a union mass meeting at theChristian- Church Sunday- There willbe" no solicitation of -funds at any ofCurry and Mrs Lamber Salendar visited Mr. and Mrs. George Curry, inParis Saturday. Mr. Salendar willcome Sunday to return to Middletown, O., with his wife, who has beenvisiting here for a few weeks. Mrs.Salendar will be accompanied by hersister, Miss Margaret Curry, who willbe ger guest in Middletown for about aOur Facilities forHeavy Hauling isGood.I Our Livery is as good as the! other fellows. Horses fed.9 by the week or month.5 We would appreciate ai share of your business.Prompt attention given alli orders.Both Phones 260.S MARTIN BROS.,Eighths :5 Paris, Kentucky $: :W) - JVTi.tf&tt"" v tu""s "' " i l.rif,i;the meetings. It.wiii an oe aone per- ,tonally- Misses Elizabeth Steele,RachelFor Rent.Desirable front rooms with boardfor both ladies and gentlemen. Applyto' . A, , MRS..WALL.1NGFORD,Corner Pleasant "and Duncan Ave.'Nappanee Kitchen CabinetWe do not claim this Cabinet to be the best in theworld, but we DO BELIEVE THAT IT IS, and WEKNOW that it is a great deal better than some' makesthat are much advertised and boosted 'and we can.show you that they are. Seeing s believing. .Gome - -, and see. Save you money. -?A swell new line of Brass Beds and Davenports . 'just received. Save you money.Now is the time to buy your Wall Paper at' bigreductions. Save you money.Refrigerators Greatly Reduced. Save you money.J. T. MI NT ftrWood MantelsSAVES YOU MONEYUndertaking-'A-A. 4kltftarwAlliJLPutazcvjc-im. 3-itXf$iIIItiimcv9MORGAN'S RAIDTi, sZ .KA. M. Caden210 W. Main St.,.LEXINGTON, KY.On Harrison, Ohio, to Be Reproduced' on July 4th.Do the women in Iyour city know Iwe specialize inrrLA FRO9The village of Harrison, 0., will beswooped down upon next month by aband of 200 men, who will enact thepart of Gen. John Morgan's men vhoentered therp some fifty years ago,This will be a part ofNthe celebrationof home-coming day of Harrison andLwill take place on the Fourth of July,although the date that Harrison wasvisited by Morgan was later in themonth of July than that, 'some fiftyyears ago.The bridge will not be burned, aswas done half a hundred years ago byMorgan in order to stop Hobson's Federal troops that were close on thetrail: but one thing that took place in! the years gone by will be enacted, the! women of the village will be calledupon to bake a few barrels of biscuitsand other edibles for the 1913 raiders, just as the women of fifty yearsago were called upon to bake for Morgan and his men in the day they remained in le village.Dr. J. C. Kilgore, of Harrison, wasone of the original Morgan men, andhe has asked several of the old Confederate troopers to take part in theraid, and from the lookout, the celebration promises to be a very uniqueevent in the history of the village.- -miSHLaced' Corset?The Perfect FrontLa Fro$1.50. ap.Paris Odorless Ckanina Co. 8J Men's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned.Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks our specialty.SAII Work Guaranteed Satisfactory $"MVir'o on1 T rlrIc, "PonOTYlO onrl QfvQIir TTo f O f.l OQ liar o-nrl "1 T?nKlnrlrarl fn vnnv cofic-fi) rvHrmWe Calfi For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.9MOMBHBBAnnounces Candidacy.Prof. Geo. M. Wilson, of Carlisle,who for several years was a teacher inthe schools of Nicholas county, has announced as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Superintendentof Nicholas county schools. Miss Lida E. Gardner, the incumbent, has alsoannounced her candidacy for the Democratic re-nomination. Mrs. TillieHamilton Feeback is a candidate forthe Republican nomination for thesame office.II g jHH jftl rmM1i -9Expert Barber.Mr. Carl Crawford, a barber of 36years' experience, invites the publicto his new shop at Windsor .Hotel.Two chairs. Prompt service. Children's work a specialty. Razors honed satisfactorily.fam.,.. 3zxtsMr i wifaag. rWoman Slayer Declared Insane.Mrs. Clara McManoway, who killedher seven-year-old son, Raymond, withan ax at their home in Frankfort lastMonday was declared insane by a juryin the Franklin County Court Saturday, and she was taken to the EasternKentucky State Asylum at Lexington.FOR RENT.Furnished room with bath. CallHome Phone 290 3-(2t)nTruckReplaced ThreeJL edlULIC 1OF CARPETS, RUGS, MATTINGSAND LINOLEUMS.Now for .Your Spring ClcanJaj9xl2jWiltana Seamless Velvet Rug, ?35.C0,1 now $25.00jx12 Axminster Rugs, $32.00now 22.509x12 Seamless Brussels Rug, 620.00,now. 1 E4.759x10 Crcx Rugs, 12.00,now 9.00--rVi A. F. Wliesfer Furniture Go. jMMfi Main and Third Sts CKAS. GREEN, Mgr. Paris, Ky. ImtrjSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilIn eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver. and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden was 37 17.20thstons. It carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.pkp pwo an(j one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction. - ANote these striking KisselKar features Simpl3 engine easy to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easy control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful bra&es special bodies designed to meet every need.JCiSselJCar Jruck&1 500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn the range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which is' themanufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Trucks in actual use in your line and many otherlines of business.The Following Lines of Business Have RecentlyBought Kissel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry, Bakery, Confectionery, Ice, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suit theneeds of any business.LPhone 21 05.O. R. HUKLE,51 3 West Main Street,.Lexington,11We pay 121-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us upor bring it to our' place.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KYCall East Tenn. Phone 374 JProfessional CardsJ J. WIILIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.R. A.- H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentuckySEASON OF 1913.Egyptian Baron 5II1ITrial Over yA Track 3 SecondsSlow 2:09)4.Sire of Nancy Baldwin (4) 2:29,trotted over slow track in 1912 in2:12; Beautiful Lady, two-year-oldtrial, 1912, 2:15, last half in 1:05;Nelson, 3-year-old trial of 2:18, lasthalf in 1:02.Sired bv Oakland Baron 2:09K,Winner of Kentucky Futurity. Sireof Gail Hamilton 2:06, Rhythmic 2:06)4. Baron De Shay 2:08K-Dam Egyptienne 2:18,by Mambrino King 1279.2d,dam Bay Hambletonian,(dam of Egyptienne 2:18, Henrietta2:17, Fulano 2122) by Hambletonian 10.$25 to Insure a Living Colt.DOUGLAS THOMAS," rv , ' - Paris, Ky.Become a Tri-Sfcae Shipper to-day for Shipping Cream fco the Tri-State Butter Co., Cincinnati, Ohio, is iJLJriiJProfitable Steady year around market at the highest creamery butter price for butter fat; producers averaging from $75 to $100 per year per cow f romthe sale of butter fat.Safe A $75,000 corporation with an established reputation guaranteeing your shipments against lossor damage in transit.Easy You can make your shipments every three or-four days when most convenient, cream sweetor sour.Write For Free Trial Cans To-dayGive us a trial without cost. to you and let our SPOT CASHPay Checks reward you.The Tri-State Butter Company,,Cincinnati, Ohio.HUSBAND RESCUEDWIFEAfter Fonr Years of Discouraging, Conditions, Mrs. Bullock GaveUp in Despair. HubandCame to Rescue.Catron, Ky. In an interesting letterfrom this place, Mrs. Bettie Bullockwrites as follows : "1 suffered for fouryears, with womanly troubles, and duringthis time, 1 could only sit up for a littlewhile, and could not walk anywhere atall. At times, I would have severe painsfa my left side. rThe doctor was called in, and his treatment relieved me for a while, but I wassoon confined to my bed again. Afterthat nothing seemed to do me any good.I had gotten so weak I could not stand, 'and I gave up in despair.At last, my husband got me a bottle ofCardui, the woman's tonic, and I com-"menced taking it. From the very firstdose, I could tell it was helping me. Ican now walk two miles without itstiring me, and am doing all my work."If you are all run down from womanlytroubles, don't give up in despair. TryCardui, the woman's toniolf It has helped-more than a million women, in its 50years of continuous, success, and shouldsurely help you, too. Your druggist hassold Cardui for years. He knows whatitywill do. Ask him. He will recommend it. Begin taking Cardui today.Write to: Chattanooga MeJdne Co.. Ladles'Advisory .Dept., Qwtanooga. Tenn.. fcr CvecialInstruction on your case and 64-pase book. Host)Treatment for Women." seBt ia plain wrapper. Hf- - iw s VVt -4z$te'M-" ss!-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.,( JUNE 10 1913instant Relief from EczemaYou can stop that awful itch from'eczema and other skin troubles in twoseconds.Seems too good to be true but at istrue, and we Touch for it.Just a few drops of the simple, cooling wash, the D.D.D. Prescription foreczema, and the itch stops instantly."We give you enough to prove it for 50cents.Now. if you have tried a great manycures for eczema and have been disappointed, do not make the mistake ofrefusing to try this soothing wash. Allother druggists keep this D.D.D. Prescription go to them if you can'tcome to us but if you come to ourstore we will give you the first dollarbottle on our positive no pay -guarantee,that D.D.D. will stop the itch atonce.D.D.D. Soap keeps the pores healthyrask us about it.Chas. E. Butler & Son, Paris, Ky.LATONIA DERBY WILL LIKELYAW FIELD OF NINE HORSESCream of America's Three-Year-Old Thoroughbreds WillBattle tcr Glory at Beautiful RaceTrack on June 14th."use JlL DANIEL BQ0NE AXLE GREA$EHade in Kentucky by CHAS. C. STOLL OIL CO. Lexington, Ky:We're Now Showtsig Our FuU'Line ofSPRING MODELS!In the CelebratedSchloss Bros. & Co.High-Class Men's Suits.They Represent the New NorfoIks,the New English Cutand the Conservative Models, all Beautifully. Tailored. PricesVanging from $3 5 to $35JUST-Our complete line of Emerson Shoes,! Hawes Van Gal Hats,Stetson Hats, Lion ShirtsTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L Wollstcin, Propri or.Special Rates & Excursions.Eucursion to Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, June Mfc$1.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.Tickets good on special trainonly.Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address.W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A.e'sCandy Kiteken,119 S. Upper,LEXINGTON, KY.W. N. Barkley Mrs. W. N. BarklsyWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 X. Upper Street,Hexing to n9 KentuckyThe Latonia Derby, with a gross fvalue of $8,000, which will be run atthe Latonia race track opposite Cincinnati, on June 14, will be the greatest race run in America this year forthree-year-olds. This race determinesthe champion three-year-old of theyear, and when the huge horseshoewreath of American Beauty roses ishung around the neck of the winnerit is an awe-inspiring sight, for the20,000 or more people who will seethis will know that they have justseen the best horse of the year triumph.The field in the Latonia Derby thisyear will be one of the largest thatever went to the post. At least ninehorses will face the starter and everyone of them has an excellent chanceto be returned the winner. The contest is going to be a sectional one,but really an international one, forthe favorite, or at least the secondchoice, wilL be a Canadian-ownedhorse, although he was bred in thiscountry. Ten Point will be the hopeof the eastern turf world. This horseis owned by Tony Aste "the BootBlack King." Aste derives his titlefrom the fact that he polished shoeswhen a boy on the big eastern racetracks. Saving his money, he invest-!ed it in horse flesh, and now has aconsiderable fortune. Ten Point is agreat horse, and, although beaten acouple of times at Louisville, his raceof last Saturday showed that he is ingood form and will be able to run amagnificent race in the Derby.Great Britain, a handsome bay coltowned by George M. Hendrie of Windsor, Canada, will represent the Northern Empire in this great struggle.Great Britain started last Saturday atDouglas Park for the first time thisseason and defeated some good sprinters in a six-furlong dash. His trainerintends to give him a couple of morelonger races before the running of theDerby, and this should put him ingreat shape.Donerail, the winner of the Kentucky Derby at odds of better than91 to 1, will represent the Blue Grasssection of Kentucky. This wonderfulhorse's race in the Kentucky Derby ofMay 10, when he defeated Ten Pointand others, is too well known to repeat. Donerail will have to carry fivemore pounds than the other colts asa penalty for winning the other Derby.Gowell, probably the only filly tostart in the race, will have as manyrooters and backers as any of theother starters, for she is owned inCovington, Ky., and is practically aCincinnati starter. 'Gowell has hadmore racing than any of the otherstarters in the Derby. Since April 2she has been to the post eleven times,won two races, been second twice,third five times and fourth twice.Another starter that must be reckoned with is Hawthorn, the big Louisville horse, who was kept from starting in the Kentucky Derby on account of illness. He has entirely recovered, and will be a sure starter.Foundation will also represent theBlue Grass section. This horse recently ran a mile and one-sixteenthat Louisville in the fast time of 1:44.which is only two-fifths of a secondslower than the American record forthis distance.The two dark horses in the race areMcCorkle and Prince Hermis. Bothof these horses have been performingat Louisville and have shown markedimprovement in their work. They getbetter with each race. McCorkle ranin the big six-furlong handicap onDecoration day and finished a goodfourth, going strong. He is trainedby Tom McDowell, the Kentucky Gentleman, who has sent more than oneDerby winner to the post.The Latonia Derby will be run onSaturday, June 14. The Latonia meeting opens on Monday, June 9, and willcontinue for 24 days, winding up onSaturday, July 5. Twenty-three thousand dollars in added money will begiven the horsemen by the management, which insures the best horsesin America to compete for the richstakes. No purse of less than $600will be offered. All the railroadswithin a radius of 150 miles of Cincinnati will give reduced fares duringthe race meeting. Many parties intend to arrive in Cincinnati on Saturdy, June 14, see the Derby and remain over to seethe Cincinnati andPhiladelphia ball teams play on Sunday. This is an enjoyable week-endtrip. The Latonia race track is easilyreached from Cincinnati by steam andelectric cars.if Yea Want to Put in WaferWorks in Your HouseOr Barn, or Bathroom Fixtures orFuruace, or Tin, Shingles or Metalitooiing, ana ail Kinas 01 in worK,Guttering, Pipss, Filters, Water Tanks,Dipping Tanks, Sewerage Pipe andClay Flues. Concrete Work a Specialty. Give us a call."We also handle the American " ie'dWite Fencing, and the best line ofCook Stoves, Oil Stoves and Heaterson the market, and all kinds of Hardware, Farming Tools, Grates andMantels, Screen Doors, Poultry Supplies, Harness of all kinds, the W. J.Oliver Plow, the best Plow on themarket. Horse Clippers, Cement,Lime, Paint and Oils.We buy the very best goeds obtainable, and our prices are right.BEST & HAWKINS,4mar3mo Millersburg, Ky.Home-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allihours with the best the market affords.(2Smar6mo)pe? ruvuuiacent. $woo to $100,000W. KING & SON,125" Cheapside. Lexington, Ky.TOR SALEResidence Property on WalkerAvenue. Adjoining BourbonCollege. Splendid Neighbor"hood.gBeautiful two story rframe house ofeight rooms, four halls, bath, pantrv,etc. Large corner lot, 60x212 feetGood stable and all necessary outbuildjings. Some fruit.Will be sold worth the money. Possession at once. Look this over.S. E. BOKLAND,11 tf Paris, Ky.mTTTii snRB K?&3&X4XBaiB&- MISsiSmoke Pleasure and other Pleasuresfor the Man Who Smokes8"Roxie" Dawsfbe insurance flaentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire,V, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Itgest and Best Paying Companies.GiveOU "Nub",;a Call.2 Helloe 137typewriterRebuilt Cike new!Remington 6, $23SmithJPremier 2, $23Remington 1 0, $40(Latest Model)Smith Premier 10, $40(Latest Model)Monarch, $40Underwood 4, $40Underwood 5,J$45Oliver 3, $40Oliver 5, $50LC. Smith & Bro., $35j We Handle Carbon Paper Ribbons forill Makes.We Repair Typewriters.Weliave the Largest Stock in the U. S.The Joseph Candioto . Co.149-151 N. BroadwayLexington, Kentucky&12ffjtt?&muA4Ut-fl "SuM.There is smoke pleasure in. this pure old Virginiaand North Carolina bright leaf. Thousands, prefer it to anyotner pipe tobacco. Thoroughly aged and stemmed andtherj granulated. A perfect pipe, tobacco nothing betterrolled as a cigarette."Dne and a half ounces of this choice tobacco costonly 5c,aand with each sack you get a book of cigarettepapers FREE.The other pleasures are the presents that are securedwith the coupons in each sack of Liggett Myers Duke'sMixture. These presents delight old and young. Thinkof the pleasure that you and your friends can get from atalking machine, free, or such articles as fountain pens,balls, skates, cut glass, china, silverware,tennis racquets, fishingrods, furniture, etc.As a special offer,we will send you ournew illustrated cata-logofpresents, FREE.Just send us your nameand address on a postal.This offer expires DecemberSI, 1913.Km ft OfOT'PasSBLllll1TiimiaflCoupons from Duke's Mixture may beaitedwith tazs from HORSE SHOE.i'lrJESSFZ? NATURAL LEAF,GANGER TWIST, coupons fromFOUR ROSES UOc-tm double coupon),PICK PLUG CUT. PIEDMONT?CIGARETTES, CUX CIGARETTE5.and other tagrs and coupons issued by ui.Premium Dept.tlZffttety 7Ummm &ST. LOUIS. MO.WA0A11UJUL JLfACfctL UicilitJL IP. W. SOPER, Manager I185 N. Limestone, Lexington, Ky. VTelephone 1 852 E"Good Meats," 'Right Prices"Why eat poor Meat when it injures your health and costsyou more good money than good meat? Buy the best, eatte best, have the best of health, andlthen'Jyou live thebest. The best mav hp hnr hu ralKnrr TTr.iV MOQf "MTo.I ket, Phone 1852.I Pi iiPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY, June 1375cRoundTrip75cRoundTripSCENIC BEAUTY v OUTDOOR ENJOYMENT v. MUSICTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 am.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further information.H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.Notice! Poultry Raisers11-44aWtiiCURESCholera, Gapes, Limberneck, Roup, Canker,.sreo0 Diarrhoea and all Diseases of PoultryMiss Katie Bryant, Bardstown, Ky., jays: "I havs used Rcajw 4-1 1-44 for yean aad thintit the bestpoultry remedy made. It cures gapes and limteineck without fail."WillCoomes, Bardstown. Ky.,says: "One drop of Recipe 4-11-44 dropped down the tall pt a gapingchicken kills the worm and relieves the chick instantly. Itis the best preventive I have ever used.Mfg. and Guaranteed by J. Robt. Crume, Bardstown, Ky. Price 50c at all Druggist.SOLD BYChas. E. Butler & Co.Woodland Stock FarmHeadquarters For Draft HorsesDark Bay Horse, Weight 1,7000.Sired by Imported Gitter 58S03Dam by Imparted Queen 41400$15.00 To InsureBUSTKR B. is a coming three yearold and a young stallion of markedsize and condition. He is the kindthat will appeal to your fancy andyou will make no mistake in breeding-to him.BURLEYBlack Percheron.$15.00lToWeight 1760InsureBURLEY is a splendid specimen ofthe draf c horse and his get have prov-1ed to be of the very best". There is asteadily growing demand for the classof horses produced by Burley, bothupon the farm and in the cities. Theycan stand more work than the aveagehorse. He is 7 years old, a beautifulblack, well formed and of the clas3that catches the eye. In selecting ahorse to breed to pick one whose produce commands the best price.The Above Horses ViiI Make The Season Jof 1913 AtWoodland Stock Farm.About 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pikh. Money due when colbis foaled, mare transferred or brec to other stock without my consent. Lienretained on all colts until shason money is paid. Care taken to prevent ac-'cidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur. fSTERLING HINKSON, Lair, Ky.The SanitaryShop!With all the latest devicesinstalled in my shop to makeit absolutely sanitary andclean, including a PatentTowel Sterlizer, IndividualCups, Soap, etc., believe wehave the most modern shopin Paris. We have just installed a new Porcelain Tub jand an up-to-date Bathroom.Hot water at all times. ThreeBarbers, all experts. Wewould like to have yourtrade. I take this method ofsoliciting: it. Is there a rea-I son why we should not receive it Kespectrully.Russ Corbin.Flagged Train With Shirt.Tearing "his shirt from his back anOhio man flagged a train and savedit frtfm a wreck, hut H. T. Alston, Raleigh, N. C, once prevented a wreckwith Electric Biters. "I was in a terrible plight when I began to use themand my stomach, head, back and kidneys," he writes, "were all badly affected and my liver was in bad condition but four bottles Electric Bittersmade me feel like a new' man." Atrial will convince you of its matchlessmerit for the stomach, liver or kidney trouble; Price 50 cents at Ober-dorfer's.jT-L- -SFUNEfc lfvrvrv uKvrdown the throat of a "eapey"chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinking water"CURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbonPoidtryCureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine. 'Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle ofthis medicine on hand. Write for free sampleand Booklet on "Diseases of Fowls." Address,BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY, LextagtH, Ky.For Sale by W. T. Brooks.IBBARBER SWindsor Hotel.NEWOPModern Equipment, -PoliteService.Vr'Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty; ..CARL CRAWFORDj&9WMMH3THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, rKY.7 JUNE 10. 1913Ic $FPiano Class Give Recital.The pupils of Mrs. Albert H. JMoreliead gave a recital yesterday evening. at S o'clock, at the Morehead PianoGompany's store on JUain street. Thefollowing program Avas rendered in thepresence of a very appreciative audience. The Robbin's Greeting Fearis."Edelweiss Glide VanderbeckSello Wollstein"Weihnact Tanz Wm. Sherwood, Ethel McCabe, Mrs. Morehead,j." ....Mrs. Francis Campbell.,ATa Maria Gounod'" - Miss Julia Woods.JPink LichnetFlorence Adair HedgesCzara MoskowitzHarold Beheler.JHumming Bird SchilleriHyacinth. StoughtonEva Campbell.' Wocal SelectionsMr. Albert H. MoreheadJHumoreske KaiserStanley Price.,Andenta and Finale from Lucia deLammermoor LeschetizkyMiss Clara Belle O'Neill.COUNTY TEACHERSElected at Meeting of Division BoardsSaturday.The Sport who slips the waiter a-dollar and drops two bits in' the tamkrine and tells the bartender to keep(the change is the same guy whorsqueezes a dime before he hands it topiis wife when he leaves the house.Garden Hose.We have a big stock of garden hoseand. all kinds of nozzles. Telephonesus your order; all sizes and prices.JOHN J. CONNELLY,16-9t The Plumber.it'FOR RENT..Nice furnished front room on Maineet. Address, P. O. Box 256.Administrators Notice.All persons having claims against-he estate of Mrs. Sallie B. Turley willplease present the same to the undjersigned Administrator on or before-rihe first day of August, 1913, proven.according to law, and all persons"knowing themselves indebted to the-estate of Mrs. Sallie B. Turley willjplease pay same to the undersignedHdramistrator at once.WM. SPARKS,Leesburg, Ky.Adm'r of Mrs. Sallie B. Turley.10-3t-lewAdministrator's Notice.AH persons having claims againstthe estate of J. H. Butler, deceased,are notified to present same, properlytproven as required by law, to the undersigned, on or before July 10, 1913.i W. M. SHOBE,JBx'tr J. H. Butler, deceased.ly330 Vine street.For Rent.Modern flat; central location. Apply to-3t J. W. BACON.The election of teachers for thecounty schools was held Saturday inthe office of the County Superintendent, Miss Mabel Robbinsin the courthouse, where the division boards metfor that purpose. The election resulted as follows:DIVISION NO. 1.Hill, No election; Centreville, MissAnna Burns; Jacksonville, Miss Jennie Miller; Pleasant Green, Miss Virginia Crutcher; Clay's Cross Roads,Miss Susie Clay; Ford's Mill, Miss Bessie Talbott; Houston, Miss Hazel Kerr.Colored Centreville, Albert Coleman; Jacksonville, No election; Brentville, Anna Roberts.DIVISION NO. 2.Palmer; Miss Amanda Rummans;Kiserton, No election; Shawhan, MissLola Gray; Eales, Miss Nora Hutson;Ruddles Mills, Stanley R. Thomas.Colored Ruckerville, George H.Johnson and Mary E. Gaines; Currentville, Elisha G. Lewis; Glentown, SadieC. Jackson; Ruddles Mills, Elida G.Mickens. ,DIVISION NO. 3.Mcllvaine, Miss Kizzie May McDaniel;ColvilIe, Miss Lucy Ross; Purdy,Miss Gertrude. Bramel; Millersburg,Miss Drusie Elliott; Tarr, Miss Marga-re Lenihan; Jefferson, Miss NannieClark.Colored Millersburg, Lizzie F. Bowen, Mary Sue Mason.DIVISION NO. 4.Deaver, Miss Minerva Neal; Letton,Miss Elizabeth Cornish; Cane Ridge,Miss Jessie Mae Ockerman; Burris,Miss Gertrude Booth.Colored Cane Ridge, Louisa Evans;Finch, Bettie Bedford; Little Rock,Mary Lou Davis, Maggie Freeman.DIVISION NO. 6.North Middletown, Miss Alma T.Rice; Spears Mill, Miss Lillian Mason;Redmon, Miss Louise Benthall; StonyPoint, Miss Belva Hill; Cunningham,Miss Mattie Neal.Colored North Middletown, Howard Buckner, Blanche Martyn, C. M.,Clay, Mary S. Whaley.DIVISION NO. 6.Clintonville, No election ; Bethlehem, Miss Ida Mae Erion; Dudley,Mrs. Halie C. Ardery; Hutchisbn,'Mrs.Alma Pry or; Monterey, No election.Colored Clintonville, W. H. Robininson; Siddville, Mollie E. Carter;ville, Lena Hickman, Monterey, AnnClaysville, Nettie H. Grant; Amentsville, Lina B. Hickman; Monterey, Anna J. Stanley.Health Exhibit for Many Cities.At a meeting of the Kentucky Tuberculosis Commission, held in Frankfort last week, final arangements weremade for taking over the Health Exhibit Car, which was run to a greatmany towns in the State a year ago.The car is now being altered, and anew exhibit is being installed. In thecourse of teri days the car will start onanother trip through Kentucky. TheCommission hopes to keep the car onthe road at least two years and willreach, if possible, all the availablepoints in the State.A committee of three was appointedto meet at the Capitol next Monday,and engage one or more representatives to travel with the car and explain the exhibit.Waste Money at the Normal School.In a report filed with Gov. McCrearyState Inspector and Examiner Goodpaster charges recklessnes and extravagance in the expenditure- of moneyappropriated by the State for the Eastern Kentucky Normal School at Richmond. The report says that mnch ofthe money has been spent with nohope of return in the form of a benefitto the students.The report sets out in detail all ofthe money spent by the institutionin 1913. A recapitulation of the liabilities shows that the institution nowowes 98,029.08, with $28,747.10 available assets.Inspector and Examiner Goodpastersays that a conservative estimate ofthe expenses of the institution fftmMarch 31 to June 30, the end of the fiscal year, is $12,500, which added to thenet liabilities of March 31, makes a total indebtedness of the institution onJune 30 of $81,781.98.Will Attend State Federation.The State Federation of Women'sClubs will be held at Middlesboro onJune 10 to 13. The following fromthis city will attend: Mrs. AlbertMorehead, Mrs. Roy Clendenin andMiss Clara Bacon, representing theProgressive Culture Club; Mrs. Thos.Henry Clay, Jr., State Treasurer; Mrs.Catesby Woodford, Jr., Miss MaryFithian Hutchcraft and Miss NancyGriffiith, all representees of the ParisLiterary Club, and Mrs. FrederickWallis, who will bear the greetings ofthe Kentucky Women's Club in NewYork City to the Federation, Mrs.Wallis being president of that organization.CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATIONSWill BeHeld toi FillPostofflecsFourth ClassNews of the Lodges.The third degre was conferred upon Rev, E. M. Lightfoot by the ParisLodge of Masons at a called meetingheld last night.A social will be given Wednesdaynight by Imperial Encampment, I. O.O. F., to which the members of theRebekah Lodge are invited. Refreshments will be served and a pleasantevening is anticipated.The Maccabees held an open sessionat their lodge room last evening. Asocial followed the meting, whenstrawberries, cream and cake wereserved.The Junior Order United AmericanMechanics will hold memorial servicesat the Paris cemetery Sunday, June 15.New Director of Music.Miss Myrtle B. Hawkins, one of themost talented musicians of Lexington,has accepted position of director ofmusic in the Kentucky Classical andBusiness College, of North Middletownof which John Christopherson, was recently elected president.Miss Hawkins received a certificatein piano at the Lexington Conservatory of Music under Mrs. Sallie Johnson Burgin, a certificate in piano atHamilton College under Fraulein IdaP. Scudo, and was a voice pupil ofProf. Fred Lyman Wheeler, of the ArtsClub, and later of Prof. Thomas EvansGreene, of Washington, D. C.Garden Hose.We have a big stock of garden hoseand all kinds of nozzles. Telephoneus your order; all sizes and prices.JOHN J. CONNELLY,16-9t The Plumber.Members of Congres have little todo in connection with the filling offourth-class postoffices.Civil Service examinations will beheld for the filling of each fourth classoffice, and these examinations will beopen to all, including the present postmasters. It would not appear from the copyof the Civil Service Commission's instructions to applicants for the fourthclass postmaster examinations thattests are very severe, and yet, experienece' shows that there are not a fewwho fail to pass. The subjects qovered by the examinations and thecredits given are:(1) Elementary arithmetic and accounts (simple tests in addition, subtraction, multiplication, and divisionof whole numbers, common and decimal fractions and statements of apostmaster's accounts), 40 credits.(2) Penmanship (the legibility, neatness, and general appearance of thecompetitor's handwriting in subjectof letter writing) ten credits.(3) Letter writing (a letter of notless than 125 words on one of two subjects furnished) ten credits.(4) Copying manuscript addresses(a simple test in copying accuratelyaddresses given) ten credits.(5) Facilities for transacting postalbusiness (based on the location ofthe postoffice site, the convenience ofoffice arrangements, etc.) thirty credits; total 100 credits.'The examination in the first subjectconsists of five questions along thefollowing lines.In question one the competitor isgiven eight whole numbers to add. andfrom their sum he is required to subtract another given whole number.In question 2 the competitor is giventhe value of stamps canceled at a certain postoffice, the amount of moneyreceived for newspaper and periodicalpostage, and from the sale of wastepaper, twine, etc.; also the box rentscollected. He is required to enter thefigures in a given lorm,and to compute the salary of the postmasterfor the quarter in accordance with. the directions given in the form.Question 3 consists of multiplicationtion and division of decimals, and alsothe reduction of a fraction to a decimal. Question 4 is a practical applicationof measurements, such as finding howmany postoffice boxes of a given sizecan be put in a certain space, or howmany yards of linoleum of a givenwidth are required to cover a floor of agiven size.In question 5 the competitor is giventhe amount and fee of each moneyorder issued and the amount of eachmoney order paid at a given postofficefor a certain month. From this datahe is to make a statement of the postmaster's account will the governmentin a prescribed form and balance thestatement.All persons securing an average of70 will get their names on the eligiblelist, and from the three highest thePostmaster General wil select a postmaster. In the case of persons honorably discharged from the military ornaval service by reason of disabilityfrom wounds received or sickness incurred in the line of duty, an averagemABSOLUTESATISFACTIONVAwaits You When You Come toOur Store For SummerFOOTWEARWe Are Showing so Many Smart, New- r i -l i gH 1 - "ill t -ivioaeis at oucn jxemarKaoiy jjow (irrices ithat We Can Fit and Please Every One. IThis week we place on sale some extraordinary values in Men's, Women's and Children's Summer Shoes, which we had the good fortune tobuy for cash at almost half the original value.Why is the soda cracker todaysuch a universal food? ,People ate soda crackers in theold days, it is true but theybought them from a barrel orbox and took them home in apaper bag, their crispness andflavor all gone.Uneeda Biscuit soda crackersbetter than any ever made beforemade in the greatest bakeriesin the world baked to perfectionpacked to perfection kept toperfection until you take them,oven-fresh and crisp, from theirprotecting package. Five cents.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYof 65 will be sufficient and such applicant will be given preference overall others in appointment.Where the office pays more than$500 persons over 65 are made ineligible. Where women are declared bystatute of full age for all purposes at18, they are eligible to examinationand appointment. The examination ineach case will be held at themost convenient point and will be conductedwhen possible, by. local examiningboards. Marking of the papers willbe done by the Commission.It will be necessary for every applicant to All out an applicaton blank,which may be obtained from the postmaster, and notice of the time of theexamination will be served a few daysbefore it is held. In every case thecharacter and record of the applicantmust b e good and the applicant bevouched for by at least five persons.For Sale!Oldest established Grocerybusiness in Paris. New stockand best location in the city.The reason for selling, badhealth and going to travel.Fee Grocery Co.Colored Fair Dates Changed.The dates of the Paris Colored FairAssociation, which has heretoforebeen held folowing the exhibition ofthe Bourbon County Agricultural Society, in September, will this year beheld in August following the BoarboFair and will begin Tuesday, Ag26, continue for five days..HARVB FIELDS, Pres.30-3t STEVE MOORE, SectMr. Auto Owner,Quit PayingGarage BillsIff BfTtnEN j" j gar ' Ea . JIF YOUR CHILDRENARE DELICATE OR FRAILunder -size or under 'Weightremember Scott's Emulsionis nature's grandest growingfood; it strengthens their bones,makes healthy blood and promotes sturdy growth.Scott & Bowne, Bloomfield. N. J. 13-27An artistic structure for private use. Gives protectionfrom 1 hi eves or joy riders.The side walls and roof ofheavily galvanized sheetsteel.Comes ready to set up. Allpartscut, and fitted. Absolutely rust-proof. Saves $20to $30 monthly in garage.Prompt, safe delivery andsatisfaction guaranteed.American Sectional Garage Go215-219 Stevens Building,DETROIT, MICH.A, J. PlEifj Agent,Paris, Ky.HBHhHhputKHfiiPMONEY INIMPls BANK &,"rMONEYYOUROURMen's $3.50 to $4.00 valves Shoesand Oxfords, in Tan, GunMetal and Pat- flO Qent. Special P j r 7 'Men's Comfortable Elk OutingShoes, in Tan, Greenand Black. Ct"fl CGfcSpecial P H 5Misses and Children's WhiteCanvas Button Shoes.Special99cInfant's Patent two- JjkOk,strap Pumps. .Special fr57?Boy Scout Shoes, fl"4 Jt ftiJ I "l1Ladies' high'grade Pumps andOxfords, all leathers.Special CCO IQvalue 9 mm &57I ariiap' cfi?lieh Qksa n!' Cvrfords, in Patent, Gun Metal f andSatin Pumps. t1 Jk ISpecial. 9 4r5 I$2 value. SpecialCOHENT-l A TCTt Capital, 5iDO5O0O.O0J Surplus, $40,000.00.Every day'the papers contain accounts of .those whohave lost their money by hiding it or by fire or burglary. Yourmoney is NOT SAFE unless it is in the bank. There aremany conveniences in a bank account. We keep your accounts straight, give you advice free, relieve you of worryanxiety and insure PEAGE OF MIND.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 5 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS'.Capital, 5i0O,O0O.O0J - Surplus, $40,000.00.1.r"" 4j.vWvvWWBf VFJ Jl M.HALLr, President."1 c. K. THOMAS.! Cashier..- - Mi