THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARwVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 25, 1913hBlame Can be Laid to Russelland Sheets.When Tom Russell and Tom Sheetsassumed the helm of the Blue GrassLeague affairs it was to sound thedeath knell of the organization. Howgreat has been their success can beobserved with the naked eye firedfrom oiganized base ball without songor ceremony two towns of the defunctleague will be treated to the sport thissummer.Several wee"kB aco Russell waselected president of the league andSheets argeed to serve as secretary.Apparently they displayed such a keeninterest in the success of the leaguethat both agreed to serve without any-compensation, just to further thecause. Whether they were sincere ornot is f question of doubt. There i3 apossibility that seeing the Blue Grasson the brink they jumppd at the loophole to push it into eternity.While it waa the opinion of the local management that a team in Covington and .Newport would strengthen the league it is not believed theywere parties to the initial plan to filea suit to teEt the five mile law in thenational agreement. This suit wasfiled ; it aggravated the associationand to protect itself the Blue Grasswaa expelled.On the date Secretary Farrell declared the Blue Grass .League playersunder contract free agents, President.Russell sent Sheets a message requesting him to come to Maysville at onceas he had "another scheme." Thisscheme was gone over in Maysvilleand it must dawn on the base ball fansof Paris and other towns that it wasnothing more than a plan "to get intoanother league for the puipase ofmaintaining a club in Maysvflle andLexington.When it was announced that thetwo clubs had been granted franehises in the Ohio State, subject tothe approval of the all-powerful commission, the application carried withit the .agreement to withdraw from thesuit pending in the Federal Court.Lexington and Maysville both desertedthe cause which the management ofPans, Frankfort and Richmond championed, leaving "them with the bag'The last season in the Blue Grasswas one of disaster, it is true, butthere was a rare possibility that thoseentering the came for the seasonwould finish. However, the spirit display ed by the Maysville and Lexington management even at the la.t minute bore a clear evidence that the interests of the league were centered inits destruction, that their chances forthe coming season might bo brightened to a degree, even at the expenseof the other clubs who had stood bythem through the whole affair.It is to be hoped that Maysville andLexington will prosper in the leagueto which they have been recently admitted, but there is little chance inour opinion Jiior the former clubwithstanding the stvain of antoher season similar to the one just passed.McKernan Will Arrive April 3.Ed McKernan, manager of the Battle Creek Club, of the Southern Michigan League, will arrive in Paris onApril 3 with fifteen of his men to begin spring training'. McKernan. inwriting to a friefyrin this city, statesthat he has an- excellent aggregationand expects to have his men in excellent condition before the opening ofthe season. The local park will beturned over to the men for their useduring the practice season.Secure Big ContractThe firm of January &Connell of thiscity, has been awarded the contractfor furnishing he stel, galvanized andcopper work'on the new Louisville &Nashville freight depot at Richmond.VJust a Few of OurMany Bargains inrW4Call or Phone Us and See What wwe can save you. $- ,,... - -vwni.nrxagKUjmuuBWgwri i 11 rm.miwMMJaaw3 t20 Ets. fciie Best r &f AGranuSafced Sugar -3 vJrJr W(With a $3oOO Purchase) jgStandard Corn, per can 5c yffNew Orleans Molasses, per gal 50c Jg3-boxes Matches, for 10cPork and Beans, regular 10c size 7c f?Fancy Northern Potatoes, per peck 20c JtThe time for making Garden is near, and before Sjffbuying your Seed Potatoes and Onion Sets, see our Wstock We also have D. M. Ferry's package seeds.T. C. LEINIHA1N,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234MrWEn A!3 the Latest StylesgsncJ ShapesNew! Line of Shirts?I1S? The Celebrated Fountain? Shirt,mm mXJKJfThe Price Shirt $1.50Men's Night Shirts SOc, 75c, $1Pajamas $1 and $1. SOvimflfefc'sassjvmm'immm.MiSPRI6& & 60. GlOMter;and FurnishersHi?mmmmmREPROVESFISCAL COURTGrand Jury in Keport DeclaresTurnpikes Are Not ReceivingProper Attention.rNEGLIGENCE IS CHARGED.Recommends That SupervisorsGive More Attention to TheirOfficial Duties.. . If1JL Both Phones 234 JZf Spring Mats mmmThe grand jury sitting at the Marchterm ot the Bourbon Circuit Courtmade its final report Saturday, andwas discharged from further serviceby Judge Robt. L. Stout. Nineteenindictments were returned, but are being withheld by order of the court until bencn warrants areissued and served. The grand jury submitted a reportto the court in which it referred to theunsanitary condition ot the county jailand recommended that better care begiven that institution in the future.Included in the report was the findingof the jury from its investigation ofthe alleged irregulantieslattending thesupervision of the construction ot theturnpikes of Bourbon.The report points to the fact that astrict comparison of the constructionand maintensnee of the public roads ofthis county has been made with othercounties, where the road fund is aboutequal, and from the present conditionof the county roads theFe is somethinggreatly at fault with the manner inwhich the fund for the maintenance ofthe roads ia expended and the mannerof their supervision.These conditions are said to be theresult of neglsct on the part of -theroad supervisors of the county and theFiscal court. The jury recommendsthat the personal attention of the roadsupervisors be given the constructionand repairing of the county roads andintimated that preference over otherroads in regard to the amount of money expended in repairs had been shownThe report follows:To the Hon. R.L. Stout, Judge Bourbon Circuit Court:We the March grand jury of theBourbon Circuit Court, do make this,our final report:We have investigated all cases thathave been brought to our attention, orof which we have had personal knowledge, and have returned such indictments in such cases as wedeemed theevidence justified.We have visited the county jail andfind the sanitary condition bf the jailvery bad. We find that the buildingis not properly clean and i3 not kept incondition for the proper care of prisoners. We recommend that the jail begiven more attention in that the bedding be given a thorough cleaning atleast every thirty davs, and that thegeneral condition of the jail be Kentmoore cleanly.We have visaed the county poorfarm and find it in perfect condition.The only recommendations we wouldmake in regard to this are that thecows now on hand be sold and that themoney be reinvested in fewer and better cows so that the amount of feedwill be less and that the supply ofmilk be better and more healthy, alsothat an iron boiler be purchased totake the place of the barrel now inuae at the kitchen range.Your grand jury has made a thorough investigation of the condition ofthe public roads of the county, andhave very serious fault to find withthe manner in which they are keDt,the results received for the amounfofmuney expended and the general handling of the county's business in thisregard. We have examineda numberof witnesses and from our personalknowledge find that a large per cent,of our turnpikes are in a deplorableconditiun. Some of these have hadpractically no repairs made upon themfor the past two or three years.We have compared our turnDikeswith the turnpikes of other countiesbavine -practically the same road fundper mile available, and find that thefiscal courts and supervisors of thesecounties nave been able to keep theirroads in a satisfactory condition andthat their condition is strong evidencethat there is something greatly atfault with the manner in which themoney of our county is expended andthe work done udou the roads. We arethoroughly convinced from the evidence at hand that these conditions arecaused bv the neglect of the FiscalCourt and Road Supervisors. We findthat practically no personal attentionis given to the condition of ' the roadsor to the manner of their up-keep bythe fiscal court or the road sunprvi-sors.Again we find that some of the roadsof the county have been shown .preference over other roads in the county inregard to the amount of money expended for thfir upkeep and repair.We find no justifiable reason for this.We find that tbe road supervisors givea verv small part of their time a"dpractically no personal supervision tothe work on the roads.We have asked for a report from thesupervisor some days ago showing theamount of money expended upon eachroad in the county, but we have beenunable to get it in time to embody itin this, our final report. We recommend that in the future the road supervisors be required to give theirfulltime and personal attention to theiroffices and to the care ot our roads sothat the taxpayers of our county maybe assured that full value is receivedfor the money expended from the roadfund.In justice to the tax payers of ourcounty we resDectfully ask that thhreport be fully Dublished in a prominent place in our county newspapers(Continued on Page 8)"WE KNOW HOW"Even WE Admitthat there are more importantthings in the world than havingthe right clothes. We realize that,as the poet says, "A man's a man9a99w&.But, unfortunately, people WILL judge afellow by the way he looks, and even moreunfortunately, lots of fellows don't look aswell-dressed as they might. It isn't becausethey don't want to, or because they don'ttry, it's because they don't know how orwhere to get garments that will bring outthe best of them and hide the worst ofthem.We don't say that we CAN, because itwouldn't be modest, but we're morally surethat we MIGHT show you a suit that wouldcause the first friend you met to congratulate you on your improved appearance.COME and SEE.Mitch el! 8t BlakemoreOutfitters to Men9Paris, Kentuckyyv - .. .weo-. C?t5 ixtEotiii niinuiiuiijjLixiiJxii nnii luiiii! iiiiiiuinii in iinuini!:ii;:iriin;i. i!;;:i 9iiii!MiiiinjMiiinniiiiHiiiiiiiiiHLinfi) cFRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.Announcei' Splendid Showing 1OfNewest Spring Styles iInLadies' and Misses'Suits, Dresses and WrapsWash Dresses for Ladies' Misses'and ChildrenA Complete Stock of Dress Goods, Wash Goods, SilksLinens, Ratines and Furnishings of All KindsCome in and Take a Look Around YouAre Always WelcomeFRANK & C&m)mniummmm!nmiu;imiiiiiiiiimjnimiiiiiiimra vgjw&.mm.E&wm&Mmzrmzi&fm sm sm usiiw&mwimimmmmiiWikxmmiimcmaiwwwwwJ7cv jTYt ym.i iii'iWlnHMMl-. .jffigffivsSfTBEotnmoFn news;" vtilH$,1iInns21lii!!!fta 4r ilft11I 15-I.yiisgBEiaaMawt mmioam wmmmmmmIrTI - sPrin IA tt fciM HB53 &J1 &3ft iKH BE He mst want toSpring Shoes Are Here.We are showing the smartest styles in Patents, DullLeathers and Cloth Shoes. Your Easter Costumewill not be complete without a pair. Come in andbe fitted with a pair of the season's latest.IGEO. McWILLIAMS,LPhones 301Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.il M. MJMMMMIEGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY137;NIGHT 299.alii w in Bros !Try OurCountry ClubLayer CakesChocolate Caramel,White andRibbonSc, Two For 25cAlso hi u big'sfamous Pies, 15c.Baldwin Bros.J!isav tnai our newThe Shoe ManJI5"5,"5'r!?::A)West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the" finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes heck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee4)tissWANTEDSalesmen to look after our interestsin Bourbun and adi'acent counties.Salary or commission. Address TheHarvey Oil Co., Cleveland, 0.M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.First-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto AH.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYour Patronage.Trees Trees TreesFruit and Ornamentals, Strawberries, Shrubs, Hedging, Grapes, Asparagus, Rheubarb, Roses, Peonies,Phiox, etc.Everything for Orchard, Lawn andGarden. No Agents.H. F. HILLENMEYER & SONS,Lexington, Ky.' HE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space ' a newspaper's stock intrd ifer source of revenue.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR STATE SENATOR.Hon. J. Will Clay announces as acandidate for State Senator for this,the Twenty-Eight Senatorial Dis'rict.composed of Bourbon, Clark and;Montgomery. Subject to the Democraticprimary August 2.FOR POLICE CHIEF.We are authorized to announce J. C.Elgin, Sr., as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Chief ofPolice of the city of Paris, subject tothe Democratic prinury, August 2,1913.We are authorized to announce W. F.Link as a candidate for Democraticnomination for Chief of Police of thecity of Paris, subject to the Democratic primary August 2.We are authorized to announce BenBishop as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Chief of Policeof the city of Paris, subject to theDemocratic primary August 2.We are authorized to announce Geo.M. Hill as a candidate for the nomination for the office of Chief of Police ofthe City of Paris, subject to the actionof the Democratic Dnmary, August 2,1913.We are'authorized to announceGeo.W. Judy as a candidate for the nomination of the office of Chief of Policeof the city of Paris, subject to theaction of the Democratic primary,August 2, 1913.FOR JAILER.We are authorized to announce Joseph Farris as a candidate for thenomination of Jailer of Buurooncounty, subject to the action of theDemocratic primary August 2, 1913.FOR COUNTY CLERK.We are authorized to announce J.Walter Payne as a candidate for thenomination for the office of CountvClerk of Bourbon county, subject tothe action of the Democratic primaryAugust 2, 1913.We are authorized to announce Mr.Pearce Paton as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Clerk ofBourbon county, subject to the actionof the Democratic primary August 2,1913.FOR COMMONWEALTHS' ATTORNEY. Victor A. Bradley announces as acandidate for Commonwealth's Attorney for this, the 14th Judicial District,composed of the counties of Scott,Franklin, Bourbon and Woodford, tofill out the unexpired term caused bythe resignation of Robert B. Franklin,subject to the action of the Democraticprimary. August 2.FOR POLICE JUDGE.We are authorized to announce R. S.Portpr as a candidate for the nomination for the office of Police Judge ofParis, subject to action of fthe Democratic primary August 2, 1913.We are authorized to announce Lafayette Grinnan as a candidate forthe nomination for !the office of Police Judge of the citv of Paris, subject to the action of the Democraticprimary August 2, 1913.We are authorized to announce E. B.January as a candidate for the nomination for the office of Police Judgeof the city of Paris, subject to theaction of the Democratic primary August 2. 1913.We are authorized to announce Thos.J. Holliday as a candidate for the nomination for the office of Police Judgeof the city ot Paris, subject to the action of the Democratic primary, August 2, 1913.Pity the Postmaster.Fourth class postmasters are resigning in bunches. A score a day is theaverage. OverI2,000 have quit thusfar. There is a panic among them.Why?All because the new PostmasterGeneral, by name Burleson, has issuedan order that all fourth class postmasters must pass the civil service examination it they wish to retain their jobs.Terrible situation isn't it. Pity thepostmasters. Tney fmust actuallyprove that they are actually fit tohold their positions. 4Rather thansubmit to such"an"indig-nity 2.000 of them resign.And harsh, unsympathetic naturesare' unkind enough to say "Time theydid.tm. ?nc moWhisk Broom BanditIt is generally after a man hastraveled, not while he is traveling,that he is given to denouncing the railway porter as a whisk broom bandit.The moral courage to resent the holdup-isalmost always lacking at thetime the crime is committed.A great many travellers who havesubmitted to extortion at the hands ofthe Pullman porter and who, left tcthemselves,would doubtless go on submitting every time they undertake arailway journey, will cordially agreewith Gov. Dunn, of Illinois, in his denunciation of the practice. When theporter of thejear on which the Governortraveled to Springfield the other dayadvanced, brandishing the inevitablewhisk broom, he was ordered to standback upon pain of arrest and prosecution for assault and battery.It should be borne in mind, however,that the whisk broom bandit who victimizes others is himself a victim. Heis not a desperado by choice, but becomes one simply because the prosperous Pullman company, by which he isemployed, declines to pay him a livingwage. At the bottom ot it all thefault is the company's. If it could bepersuaded or compelled to amend itsways in this respect, the porter wouldnot be driven to the necessity of leveling his whisk broom at the public anddemanding its small change.I What State PapersJ Are baying Anentthe Senatorial Race 1A news dispatch from Louisvillesays: "The latest reports in circulation in local rolitical circles is to theeffect that Senator Paynter is planning to enter the senatorial race. Thechance of Gov. McCreary entering thesenatorial primary growe less withevery day's delay," said a well informed Democrat last night. "TheGovernor's Sphinx-like silence is complicating the situation. Friends offormer Governor Beckhama assert thattheir candidate has the best chance towin."A writer in the Louisville Timessays : "The definite .announcement ofGov. McCreary as to his intentions inthe race for United States Senator isexpected any day now. The "Governoragrees that the peop e of Kentuckyare entitled to know what he is goingto do and will not keep fcthem in suspense much longer. One of Gov. McCreary's most trusted friendswho wasin Louisville the other day appealedcertain that the Governor would i-getin the contest. He said Gov. McCreary was' convinced that he wouldwin the nomination at the primary andthat his failure to formally announcehis candidacv before now had to doentirely with other phases of sthe situation." Some Good May Be Done.I told something to a friend onceand he replied, "Gee do you want afellow to be perfect?" I said. "Yes,but I never expect to see one, butthere's lots of rottenness which canbe cut out of the efforts of all of us."Exchange.State of Ohio, citv of Toledo.Lucas conty. 5S'Frank J. Cheney makes oath that heis senior partner of the firm of F. J.Cheney & Co., doing business in theCity of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that said firm will naythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and eubscribedin my presence this 6th day of December, A. D. 1886.A. W. GLEASON.Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO..Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all druggists. 75 cents.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. JJievery day. Post-mortemexaminations often showthat tuberculosis had beenarrested by strengtheningthe lungs before the germsgained mastery.You can strengthen yourresistance -power by takingScott's Emulsion. It contains available energy in concentrated form, which quicklynourishes all the organs of thebody. It repairs waste makesrich, active blood and suppliesenergy to the starving cells. It'stimely use enables the body toresist tuberculosis.For stubborn colds andbronchitis nothing compareswith Scott's Emulsion.Refuse substitutes insist onscores.' Scott & Bowne, Bloomfield. N. J. 12-67ADDRESED TO WOMENIS YOURS ACase of 66WerweuV9Hot flashe?, dizziness, fainting spells, backache, headache,bearing-dovn pains, nervousness all are symptoms of irregularityand female disturbance.'; and are not beyond relief.S3Pierce'sFavorite Pregoipflcmis that of a famons physician ur usually experiencedin the treat?r of women's peculiar ailments. Forforty vars il hz been recommended to sufferingwomankind. Tiiousr -:ds of women can bear v. itne-3to'its beneficial qualities. Perhaps its aid is all thatia required to restore to you perfect bealth ct! strontrth.Ko-.r is tlje tin.o to act, v. rite Dr. H. V. Pierce's, Euflulo.Z AM ISQV CTOISSX)Uns. To ::n"" IIOGrats. of San TTarcisco. Cdlf .writes :"I tews plea-ure v ree j.nr.ierd.ni? your -onderf j1 rtmejhea. a sJwish to say in b half of your Vavoma P-escnpnon and GoldenMedical Dipoverv' t ir.tthroich thei.- nsel am now cured ot thevar-om troub'-s thit a wran" is h-r to. Tieic remedies cureimo when athorsf a'icd ar.l I therefore resolve to tako no other.I thank yea for j oar acvica."EN EilUIE) GS TABLET ST021S2l?S2S3(33S5i:s3e5gIUNeed ittasinessFOR SALE BYDodsoro & Denton(&CgSSfcCS55l.Xg3X(xgSfcASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works forhim. He will reply:1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.Twin Bros. Depanmem stoieCorner Seventh and Main Sts.Are Selling 50,000 Yards ofvobacco CottonAll Grades at Lowest PricesCall In and See Us.TWIN BROS.',3 DEPARTMENT STORE,Instead f Wood Shingles orJIafe$sJ-LzJZ, 'pWMr' LJiAlikegreatiF-'-'l" v f . -Jr sir- 'f ' Zm . . , , ; wi rveigm ui unmeness obesides they are inexpensive and look better than either.For Sale byBest & Hawkins, MiIIersbur&, KyllRS. RODGEKSin Your9?commQBTMetalThe roofing that lasts as long asthe building and never needs&?&&&22&&Fsm2&S&S&- -mHK'repairs.Thev Won't burn. crarV mJ . .wood shincles. nnr Knw Lweight or brittleness of stone slate-;t4i6fITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., MARCH 25, 1913ftTII -.Public SaleOF-Bank Stock!We offer Btock for'salein the Agricultural Bank, Paris, Ky., in wfive vsbarelots onMonday, April 7th9county court day, at 11 o'clock a.m., infront of the court house door.SECURITY TRUST CO.,Lexington, Ky.For SaleA black horse ; will work anywhere.Either phone.E. M. WHEELER.7 tf Eighth and Main.NOTICEAll parties having accounts againstMi . Carrie Hornsey, deceased, willpt ase present same to me at onceft " payment.7 it N. KRIENER.For Sale PrivatelyOne mahogany bookcase, .Princessdresser, an oak rocker and pedestal,one handsome pair lace curtains.MRS. RUDOLPH DAVIS. ;Lost!Gold cuff button was lost either inWilliams' pool roum at the corner ofFourth atd Main street or on thestreets of Paris Saturday night. Liberal.reward if returned to this office.Notice to CreditorsNotice is herebv given that all persons having claims against the estateof H. G. Hopkins, deceased, must present them properly proven accordingto law to the undersigned administrators not later than April 1, 1913. Allpersons owing the estate of H. G. Hopkins, deceased, are notified to see theundersigned for settlement.D. W. ESTILL.J. H. HOPKINS,Administrators Es. H. G. Hopkins.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.JiavejLXtraJERSEY COW FOR SALE Ifor sale a fresh Jersey cow.good one.2t A. S. THOMPSON.Jordan Harris, of Shebly county,has sold his farm of 131 acres to G.Ed. Neal, cf Shelby county, for $25,000, or about 5191 per acre.Thomas W. Coons, of Montgomery,sold to Samuel Bigstaff, of Mt. Sterling, 100 acres of unimproved landnear Springfield church at $137.50 anacre.Within the next few days the Executive Committee of the Burley Tobacco Company will hold a meeting topass upon plans for the proposed newwarehouse to be erectedby the companv in Lexington, near its presentwarehouse completed last fall.Farmers of Nicholas county areprogressing nicely breaking up theirtobacco ground. Great acres are being plowed for the weed and indications are that the .acreage will : belarger than last year. Considerableattention is being paid to the cultivation of alfalfa and the acreage "will bthe largest thisear the county everraised.The location of a tree nursery onthe farm of the Kentucky Normal andIndustrial .Institute near Frankfort,seems assured, as the trustees of theinstitute have decided to take up thequestion with a committee of theState Forestry Board. State ForesterBarton says the farm has all varietiesof.slopes required for forest trees andexcellent soil. The tract contains sixty acres.About 2,500 head of cattle was ontbejmarketat Mt. Sterling court. Demand was strong but sales were onlyfair, the high pftices asked (holdingbuyers back. One thousand poundsteers sold at 7J cents; yearlings atfrom 5h to 6 cents with some sales bythe head athigher figures ; cows from4J to 5 cents. W. G. McClintock, ofParis, bought a number of mules atfrom $100 to $175 each.The National Soil Fertility Leaguewith headquarters in Chicago, will, itis announced, urge the Lever Agricultural Extension Bill, which died in theconference at the close ot the Sixtysecond .Congress, tor the considerationof the approaching special session. Itwill be practically the same bill thatwas passed by the House last summerand debated at length in the Senatewhen it became entangled with another measure and went to conference.Use for Cracker Cartons.The pasteboard boxes that crackerscome in. are fine to keep doughnutsor cookies in, as they will not dry up.I also use them to bake fruit cake in,as the oiled paper and stiff outsidekeep the cake from burning, whichfruit cake is very apt to do. Exchange.typewritersRebuilt one Rew!Forced Sale."How did you manage to keep acook in the country, Mrs. Welloff?""By making the house over to her andmoving back to the city."Remington 6, $23Smith Premier 2, $23Remington 10, $40' (Latest Model)Smith Premier 10, $40(Latest Model)Monarch, $40Underwood 4, $40Underwood 5, $45Oliver 3, $40Oliver 5, $50L C Smith & Bro., $35We Handle Carbon Pap'er Ribbons forall Makes.We Repair Typewriters.We have the Largest Stock in the U. S.The Joseph Candioto Co.149-151 N. Broadway' Lexington, KentuckyYou judge a man not by what hepromises to do, but by what he hasdone. This is the only true test.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy judgedhv thia standard has no sunerior. PeoDie everywhere speak of it in th highest terms ofpraise. For sale by aldealers.Error of Intellect.Through the ordinary course ofmortal failure and misfortune, in thecareer of nations no less than of men,the error of their intellect and thehardening of their hearts may be accurately measured by their denial ofspiritual power. Ruskin.Are You a Cold SuffererTake Dr. King's New Discovery.thebest cough, cold, throat and lung medicine made. Money refunded if itfails to cure you. Do not hesitatetake it at our risk. First dose helps.J. R. Wells, Floy dada.Texas. writes:"Dr. King's New Discoveiy cured myterrible cough and cold. I gained 15pounds." Buy it at Oberdorfer's.Dickens' New Year's Wish.So may the New Year be a happyone for you, happy to many morewhose happiness depends on you; somay each year be happier than thelast. Charles Dickens.HUSBAND RESCUEDDESPAIRING WIFEAfter Four Years of DiscouragingConditions, Mrs. Bullock GaveUp in Despair. HusbandCame to Rescue.' Catron, Ky. In an interesting letterfrom this place, Mrs. Bettie Bullockwrites as follows : "I suffered for fouryears, with womanly troubles, and duringthis time, I could only sit up for a littlewhile, and could not walk anywhere atnil. At times, I would have severe painsin my left side;The doctor was called in, and his treatment relieved me for a while, but I wascoon confined to my bed again. Aftermi, nothing seemed to do me any good.I had gotten so weak I could not stand,rand I gave up in despair.At last, my husband got me a bottle ofCardui, the woman's tonic, and I commenced taking it. From the very firstdose, I could tell it was helping me. Ican now walk two miles without itstiring me, and am doing all my work."If you are all run down from womanlytroubles, don't give up in despair. TryCardui, the woman's tonic. It has helpedmore than a million women, in its 50years of continuous success, and shouldsurely help you, too. Your druggist hassold Cardui for years. He knows whatit will do. Ask him. He will recommend it Begin taking Cardui today.Write to: Chattanooga Medicine Co.. Ladles'Advisorv Dent.. iGhattanooza. Term., for SpecialInstructions on your case and 64-page book, ' Home jTreatment fw Women," sent in plain wrapper. 14CHOICE 1NTERURBAN HOME SITESBETHLEHEM PLACEADDITION TO PARIS, KENTUCKYS A7 Ws 1585" Ft?J&&? &&$' Vfr-&sfe frft fr" pt ," 'I I t'-t-X'..- ix. -fefAu-. -JL&eZj!c&. - ctC 4- . ih " " " Ai" kj - . i - XZ, P ' jy&jU'y i5tt v; f1 . .r (of '' No 2 V ' JWlpl i&? A 1423 .p I " . ' ISel No'3 '&rl a -1 y$y1 iS l Ko 4- ' ypi -. L2S3 - JJpl No 5 '&hl 11S2U LJlZZZZZ - TBETHLEHEMfPLACE.f " """"XX . flDN.TOPiis"KV.! I Wft ft Zyr ' -r ago sH . x -' 'tolol Ko 10 y2n i2A - sh 5?f f " XvQ O WO 11H ' y,A()EJo Ko 12 XXXf &?, . S irfe , i4...SCALE 150 FEET T() rHE nntMcCarney, Miller & LiOeston, Owners,Office in Ker.tuckian-Citizen Building,Bank Row, Opp. Court House. Paris. Kylot No.l Contains 3.52 "acresLot Vo.2 Contains 3.53 acresLot j;o . a 3 Contains 3.15 acroaLot No.'i Contalno 2.95 acresLot No. 5 Contains 2.75 acresLot No. 6 Contains 2.07 acresLot No. 7 Contains 1.90 acr?sLot Noo'f 8 Contains 1.75 acresLot No9 Contains 1.58 acres'Lot. No. lo Contains 1.40 acresLot No. 11 Contains I.33 acresLot No. 12 Contains 1.06 acresLor. No. 3 3 Contains j .76 acres;Lot 1:0. m contains f .76 acresThere are fourteen desirable suburban home sites in Bethlehem Place. These small farms contain from three and onehalf acres down to three-fourths of an acre. The land is most desirably located, being but two city blocks from the Interurban line, and the car fare to ride down into the city of Paris is only five cents. The rear of this property abuts on theright-of-way of the L. & N. Railroad, and is but a short walk to the south yards of the L. & N. Railroad, making theaddition most admirably located for home-owners.By building a house on one of these sites you are enabled .to have your own cow and horse, raise your chickens andhogs, and with the garden, fruit, etc., that can be raised, will make the owner a comfortable living.Liberal terms of payment will be extended to purchasers. Come in and talk it over and see the land and we believethat we can point a way whereby you can soon be comfortably housed in your own home, convenient of access to theInterurban railway.Fourteen Choice Home Sites To Be Sold SoonAT PUBLIC AUCTION(WATCH NEWSPAPERS AND HAND BILLS FOR ANNOUNCEMENT OF DATE OF SALE.)HOME.The word Home loses much of it'strue significance if it does not includeownership. An abiding place may satisfy transient needs if it minister tophysical comforts, but a Home hallowedby the sound of childish voices and themusic of mother's lullabies should beall that the name implies. The joy ofliving is enhanced, the exhuberance ofyoung manhood is unrestrained, whenthe freedom of a Home, all your own,may be offered. It cannot be disputedthat upon the acquisition of property,however small in amount, a quickeningof the heart throbs for everything having in view the welfare and prosperityof the community is observed. One ofthe strong and convincing talkingpoints respecting a piece of propertyis that it is located in the midst of people who own their own Homes.There are many persons in Bourbonand adjoining counties to-day who arechained by the slavery of rent paying,when they might own their own Homes.A thrill of ecstacy is felt when a youngcouple, who have recently joined heartand hand, sees their names as granteesin a deed to a Home. Life seemsbrighter than before, hope paints thefuture in roseate colors, and daily toilis approached with a new zest.There is a mistaken belief prevalentthat only persons with a considerableaccumulation of money are able to owna Home. It is our purpose to show alarge number of deserving citizens howthe yoke of servitude to the burdensome rent bills may be lifted and aninvestment be made of such amountwhere it will increase in value as theyears roll by. If a small amount is athand as an initial payment, the remainder can be met the same as rent, andthe citizen who has been swelling thebank account of the landlord, may become the landlord himself.Watch for announcement of date ofsale of the fourteen beautiful homesite lots in Bethlehem Place.LIBERAL TERMS TO PURCHASERS!DON'T PAY RENT- OWN YOUR HOME!ARE YOU A RENTER?The question is often asked why persons with an established business orwith a comfortable salary, are living inrented houses? The question is oftener asked than satisfactorily answered.The most common answer, when suchquestion is propounded, is framed intowords such as "I am not able to payfor a home," or "I am afraid I maymeet misfortunes so I cannot keep upmy payments, and then I would losewhat I have paid." To the shrinkingone who has no faith in himself or in hisability to meet conditions as they arise,these excuses have some weight andthey justify him as he thinks in continuing his unbusiness-like course ofswelling the bank account of the landlord through his monthly pavment ofrent. If, however, he stops and reflectsthat he loses every twelve-month bysuch course not only the amount represented by his yearly rent bill, less interest, taxes, e'tc. but the increasedvalue which the year has added to theproperty, he awakens to a full realization that the time is ripe NOW toadopt a new and better philosophy toguide his business steps.If the acquisition of a Home depended upon the payment of a considerablelump sum at a time of the purchase,then a great many deserving personsmust of necessity become reconciled tothe slavery of rent-paying during thenatural life. However, a message ofhope and cheer may be sounded broadcast to give heart to the despairing andencouragement to x the downcast.Through the medium of payments anyone who is able to keep in good reputewith his landlord by the prompt payment of rent bill3 may have the shackles of a grinding servility forever lifted and live in the free atmosphere of aself-respect which comes throughHome-owning.Instead of not being able to buy aHome, no one who desires to becomeuseful to the generation in which helives or influential to the communitywhere he resides can afford NOT toown a Home, if he has reasonable assurance of an income equal to the slightincrease of obligation which such ownership imposes.Watch for announcement ol date oEsale of the fourteen beautiful homesite lots in Bethlehem Place.McCARNEY, MILLER & LILLESTQNOFFICE IN KENTUCKIAN-CITIZEN BUILDING,BANK ROW OPPOSITE COURT HOUSE.ymBOTH PHONES 41PARIS, KENTUCKY4fcimWiiliiMtm-Ml i' n MttLjrafaMaUwtt'w',i MliMWa,-r; -srm-istf it i n -nr-TTrcs:IHh BOURBON. NEWS,! PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 25, 1913d1?If.iel1'iflubstaiifiiri! aH1fI fi.dtuniy ForSilks at aWe bought from an Easterm manufacturer a collection of Fancy Silks suitable for one-piece Dresses, Evening Gowns, Waists, House Dresses and Trimming purposes. They are all 24 inches in width of a varied assortment of shades, also in many different designs, principally stripes, floral designs, geometrical designs. TheseareSilks which would retail at $1.00 per yard we willgive you choice of about 2,000 yards, at per yardOwing to the very low price and the impossibility torecord on these, no samples will be cut nor can they betaken on approval or brought back for exchange. Theywill go so fast that only outright sales of these will bemade. This sale of Silks will continue until this collection is sold out entirely. We would urge an early call to. secure good selections.WnTini nil. nFormerly Kaufman, Straus Sc CO.Lexington,I " SolvedI When you buy a Goodyear Tirewe guarantee it. If it does notI run the guaranteed miles wegive you adjustments on them.We Make the adjustments onI your word. There is no delayIwaitingfactory, we give you a new onethe day you bring the old oneback. Goodyear Tires are 10per cent over size. We carryall sizes in stockGOODYEAR TIRES AREBEST BY TESToUYerkes & Prichard,v.BuyingLow PriceehKentuckyJJ.KJJL UAJ. CO tuParis, KentuckyBlue Grass Expelled by NationalAssociation.Acting in his capacity as chairmanof the Board of.'Arbitration of the National Association of Professional Minor Leagues, John H. FarralJ, of Auburn, N. Y., who is also secretary ofthe association, Thursday night issueda special wire notice to other leagueswhich are members, expelling theBlueGrass League. This action was takenbecause the Bluegrass Leaguehad appealed to the Federal Courts in itsefforts to enjoin Garry Herrmann andthe National League from keepingr theleagueout of Covington and Newport.Secretary Farrell may find himselfin difficulties with the aforesaid courtsas the Federal Judges usually do nocare to have a layman give their opinions for them. Of , course, it is notcontempt, until the court make a decision, in the event of which any acStion taken by Farrell and the NationalAssociation, if in opposition to the tenor of the court's finding, would causefriction, and that the associated minorleagues would get the "place" only ina brush with the United State3 courts.Following is Farrell's notice:"The officials of the fcBlue 'GrassLeague having publicly and officiallymade known their determination to violate ;the National Agreement, th;sleague, after a fair notification to itsleague president and a wire notice toits club members, hB had its membership fee returned and its reservedplayers declared free agents. The National Association must abide by theprovisions of Article' 5, Section2 of itscontract with the major leagues, theNational Agreement."GET INTO OHIO STATE.A meeting of the Directors of theOhio State League was held at Portsmouth Saturday at which it was decided to admit Lexington and Maysvilleinto that League. Hogan Yancey andTom Sheets, of the Lexington Club,attended the meeting, while PresidentTom Russell of Maysville, representedthe club of that city. This league willnow be an eight club league and theseason will open May 8. A total of 140games will be played, one half ofwhich will be on thejiome grounds ofeach club.Ensure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non- unioncompanies. tfWilliams Expiates Crime inElectric Chair.Silas Williams, the young negro,who was tried, convicted and sentenced to die atVersailles last Monday,was electrocuted atthe penitentiary inEddyville Friday morning. No witnesses were allowed to attend the execution on account of the smallpoxquarantine which prevails in that city.Williams' trial and conviction probably sets a record in Kentucky i forspeedy hearings. Williams assaultedMrs. Susan Black and Mrs. Lee Moffett, two white women at Troy, Woodford county, on February 26. Mrs.Susan Black, an aged woman, died thenext day from her injuries. Mrs.Moffett has recovereri. Williams surrendered to Lexington officials andconfessed his crime.uumrj XX kJliJSTORM SWEEPS STAIE.Millions Lost as Result of HighWinds Which Swept Kentucky 'Friday Morning.OTHER STSTES IN PATH.Twisters Wreck Nebraska andIndiana Towns, Causingeavy Loss of Life.heavy windstorm, which assumedcyclonic proportions swept over thissection at an early hour Friday morningdoing considerable damage. Thestorm raged for an hour, .the windgaining a fierce velocity and was accompanied by a heavy fall of hail. Insome sections of the county hailstonesas large as marbles fell.Jin this city the damage was confined to the destruction of a few chimnevs and a number ot windows inresidences were blown in by the forceof the high wind, and many signs wereblown down.The residence of Chas. Goldstein, onHiggins avenue waB Rtruck by a bolt oflightning' which knocked off the chimney and as a result Mr. George McWilliams, his wife and daughter, had anarrow escape from falling bricks.Mr. Williams was in the act of closing one of the windows in his bedroom when the lightning struck thechimney, hurling it across onto hishouse, knocking the window in andscattering bricks Qver the bed in whichMrs. McWilliams and daughter weresleeping.The heavy brass bed was broken bythe crash and bricks were scatteredover the room and on the foot of thebed. The window sash, frame and sillwere completely demolished. Thebuilding, which is owned by Miss Annie Keller, was damaged to the extentof S100.Reports from the county are to theeffect that farmeis in many localitiessuffered to a considerable extent fromfencing being blown down, trees uprooted and buildings in the path of thestorm being overturned or domolished.A large barn on the farm of , Mr.Ellison Garrison, on the Young's Millpike, was blown down by the highwind. Five buggies in the barn werecompletely destroyed.Kentucky was Bwept early Fridaymorning by one of the most destructive storms in the history of the State.Two lives were lost. Fuller reportsshow that no part of the State escapedthe havoc wrought by the wind. Central Kentncky (suffered most se"erely.The loss will reach into the millions.The wind attained a velocity of sixty miles anhour, the highest ever recorded. Thirty-five houses were blown downin Somerset and the depot at Burnside, in Pulaski county, was blowndown.Tobacco and stock barns in Boylecounty were wrecked ' and many headof live stock killed. Danville reuorts that the $40,000 Queen and Crescent coal chute there is a completeloss. The storm was particularly severe at Somerset, where'a'.big liverystable was picked up and scatteredover town, all the horses in it beingkilled, the electric light plant destroyed and many homes wrecked.Bowling Green reports that a number of houses and barns were eitherblown down or unroofed. At Carlislehouses were unroofed, barns blowndown and much stock killed by aheavy storm in Nicholas county.Several homes at Hopkinsville wereunroofed.Shelbvville reports heavy damage.Houses were unroofed there and manytrees blown down. Fencing and outhouses were wrecked at Maysville.Severe damage was done at Paducahand other points in that part of theState.Clinton, Ky., came in for its shareof the general havoc. Fine stock andtobacco barns are considerably damaged, and several head of .cattle werekilled.At Milbum, 12 mles north of Clinton, great damage was done by thewind.Bowling Green was visited at anearlv hour by the wind and hailstorm.It was at its fiercest in the westernpart of the city, and the wind reachedits greatest velocity since tthe big cyclone twenty years ago. The rainfallwas terriffic for several hours. Aereat'many treeswere torn off. Lightswere put out of commission and 400telephones suffered considerably.At Monticello a number of buildingsweredamaged. The steeples of thechurches of the city were blown down.The Fravser church, a few miles fromMonticello, was blown down and rolledover, while a church at Pisgah, nearSomerset, was wrecked.Despite the fact that the wind velocity in Louisville seems higher thanin any other portion of the statu, thiscity escaped with comparatively wsmalldamage.Telegraph -and telephone communication was practically paralyzedthroughout Central Kentucky. Barnswere wrecked, roofs blown off and livestock killed.Owensboro reports heavy damage,especially to the farmhouses of thatneighborhood.In most sections the wind was accompanied by heavy , rain, almostequaling a cloudburst.At Virgie, John Greers, a carpenter,was killed. Feilx, his son, escaped,but was caught in the overturnedbuilding and badly mashed. He dieda few hours .later.yIN OTHER STATES.More than sixty persons are reportedkilled and about 200 were injured inFriday's ptorm of tornado violencewhich raged over Southern, Central'and Western parts of Eastern States.Property damage will run into the millions. Wires were blown down overthe country. Two are dead in Indiana,two in Tennessee, three in Ohio, twoinNew York, one in Michigan, sevenin Mississippi, twoin Louisiana andtwenty-eight in Alabama.Many were killed and scores wereinjured, several dangerously, in awindstorm that wrecked dozpns ofhouses in the southern section of Terre Haute, Ind., at :10 o'clock Sundaynight. All wire3 were torn down andseveral fires were caused bv crossedwires. All the available physicianswere rushed to tjhe scene and workedwith lanterns searching for injured inthe ruined buildings.Yutan. Neb., was destroyed by atornado Sunday night. Five personswere killed and many injured.Following a heavy downpour of ramat Topeka, Kas., the atmosphere wasfilled with dust until it had the appearance of heavy fog. The dustcame from the western part of thestate.At Abilene the dust clouds darkened the sky. Much of the centraland western part of the state was visited by the dust storms.Half of the city of Omaha, Neb.,was swept by a tornado Sunday night.All railroad and commercial telegraphlines into Omaha are wout of commission.The latest report from the tornadoswept Western states is to the effectthat, between 100 and 300 are dead andover 300 are injured as a result of atornado which swept over the residence district of Omaha, Neb.. Sundayevening about six o'clock. Owing tothe demoralized condition of the wiresit has been impossible to obtain definitejnews'of the catastrophe.Warehouse Company IncreasesStock.That the season juBt closed has beena most profitable one to the BourbnnTobacco Warehouse Co., is evidencedbv a report ot the treasurer of the concern, which was made at a calledmeeting of the stockholders held atthe court house Saturday afternoon,in which it was shown that the netprohts to theonyfany was 57,864.08,and it is expedte the Board of Directors will declarer a dividend of 22 percent at a meetrhg which twill be heldnext Saturday.At the meeting held Saturday it wasdecided to increase the capital stock ofthe concern from 835,000 to S50,000,and to erect an addition toj'the presentwarehouse which will afford aboutdouble the amount of .floor space andincrease the capacity for handling tobacco besides will enable them to furnish about twice the protection toloaded wagons as heretofore and increase the capacity for unloading.The building committee named bvthe stockholders was instructed to haveplans prepared and specifications forthe new addition which will be locatedat the South side of the present structure on a site which was recently purchased for th'at purpose. Work onthe newbuilding will begin immediatelyafter the plans are accepted and willbe pushed with all haste to an earlvcompletion.Early Spring Buying.Early spring buyers are havingmany things set aside during our remodeling sale. We will deliver whenyou are ready.tf 'A. F. WHEELER & CO.Injured in Runaway Accident.Frank Barnett, a farmer residingnear Escnndida, was painfully if notseriously hurt in a runaway accidentwhich occurred on South Main street.Saturday afje'rnoon about three o'clockwhen a oung horse he as driving, became frightened, breaking the bit andran away. The occupant of the vehicle j was thrown out and strikingagainst a telephone pole gBarnett sustained a severe cuton the Jface andwas painfullyjjbruised. He was pickedup and taken to the'ofiice of Dr. J. T.Brown, in the automobile of Mr..James H. Thompson, who came alonga short time after the accident.Dates Changed.The county school association andexhibit, which has been announced tobe held 'in Millersburg May -16, hasbeen changed! to May 9, making itnecessary that all articles for exhibition shall be ;n the officej ofJMiss Robfbins by May 5. County teachers areasked to note the change of date.Jurors for Special TermDeputv Sheriff Davy Davis, of Clarkcounty, yesterday began summoningpetit and grand jurors for specialterm of court, beginning March "31, atwhich eighteen, findicted for conspiracy to kill Ed Callahan, andtwelve indicted for jerjury, will betried.nursery SfocK forI offer for sale in variety to coverthe season of ripening a general linec fruit stocks at the following Drices:Pear, plum, cherry, quince, apricotand nectarine trees at 25 cents each, 10for S2.25, 100 for $17. &0.Apnle, 20 cents each, 10, $1.75. 100for S15.Peach, 15 cents each, 10 for $1.25,100 for 810.Grapes, currants and gooseberries,extra strong rooted, 2 and 3 yearDlants. each 25 cents,10 for $2, 100 for$12.50.Medium 2,year, each 15 cents. 10 forSI. 100 for S7.50.T One year plants each 10 cents, 10 foriSale!75 cents, 100 for $5.l Blackberries, dewberries and raspben ies 10 for 50 cents, 25for 75 cents,100 for $1.50.Strawberry plants per 100 35 cents,1,000 for S2.50. 10,000 for $22.50.Sweet potato and cabbage plants invariety per 100 30 cents, 1,000 for$2.50, 5.000 for $10.These are th$ prices from the nurserv but all orders to amount of $10 ormore will deliver them freight paid toany railroad station.Descriptive catalog on application.At like reasonable prices will furnish any other class of goods to befound in nurseries or green houses.Gash or satisfactory bank referencesto be sent with'all orders.H. C. OGLE, Sr.Must Give Commission to Wil-lams.Gov. McCreary must issue a certificate of election to J. E. Williams, whowas elected County Judge at the lastNovember election. The Court of Appeals has affirmed the judgment of theFranklin Circuit Court in the case ofMcCreary, Governor, against Williams. The question involved w3whether or not 'Williams could b&elected to a county office in the sameyear and at the Bame time a presidential election was held. The courtholds that the act creating McCrearyCounty provided that the election,should be held in November, and thatWilliams was legally elected.Wanted to Rent.House of six rooms, good locationfor small family; no little children.Apply at News office. 2tLast Piece of Land Purchased; The Winchester Democrat says r."The last Diece of land in controversy atong the new double track rightof wayljetween this city and the Bourbon line on the L. & N. was purchasedThursday from Mrs. Susan G. Anderson by the road. The figures were notgiven out. but it is claimed to be . avery liberal sum."Association Prosperous.The Kentucky Educational Association which will hold its next annua?session in Louisville on April 30, May1, 2 and 3. was never more prosperous.It has had a phenomenal growth andnow has a Dermanent membership ofmore than 3.000 members. Asidefrom the splendid program, the finemusic and the many ether advantages,,the privilege of seeing old friends andmaking new ones, and in fact the privilege of being a part of such a meeting stirs the enthusiasm and sendsthe teacher back to her work withmany a new idea.Sunnybrook WhiskyWe are sole agents in'Paris for thegenuine old Sunnybrook" whisky. Thebest whisky made. Unly SI per auart.BENN1E WEISSBEKG.Federal May Start Base Ball WarAccording to an article published inthe Cincinnati Enquirer Friday morning the new independent Federal Baseball League, which just now seeks toplace one of its clubs in Covington,Ky., is soon to ask Congress to makean investgation of the National Association the National 'Commission,and the American and National League'under the Sherman anti-trust law.It was said (that such a statementwas made in Cincinnati ''one day thisweek by William T. McCullough, ofPittsburg, who held a conference withJohn T. Powers, president ot ,the Federal League, in Cincinnati on the daythe statement p,wa3 given out. BothPowers and McCullough stated thattheir new league had plenty of moneybehind it, and that they would startthe biggest base ball war in historyunless given their rights.Rugs! Rugs!Beautiful Brussel rugs, 9 by 12. Silalso Art Square Rugs, 9 by 12, $4.50,during our remodeling sale which began Monday, February 24.tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Sale.Do like your neighbor if you arenotJready to have furniture, carpets,,rugs'or cook stove sent out, come inand have them set aside. Take advantage of the remodeling sale pricestf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Public Sale-OF-Honsehold and KitchenFurniture. .I will Bell at.pubi c auction at myresidence in East Paris onMonday, March 31st, 1913,.at 2 o'clock p. m. all my householdand kitchen furniture, etc.HENRY SHOUT.Geo. D. Speakes. Auctioneer.dwifl Bros ITry OurCountry ClubLayer CakesChocolate CaramelWhite andRibbonk Sc, Tvo.For 25c;Also tiubig'sfamous Pics, 15cSalBaldwin Brosi34T5.-tfLr"i TTWn-1"'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYJMARCH 25, 1913tIIKM,j . i&I 'MHE BOURBON NEWS. I4r?E2l2rbALWAYS HAS THE EC5TOF CVTRYTHJNGWALL PAPER.When you have usput on your wall paper it is put on right.Save you money, too.J.T. HINTON.After Carlisle PostolficeA. B. Tilton, former county judge ofNicholasScounty, and present : countychairman of the Democratic committee, is making an active canvass forthe postmastershio of Carlisle.Elks Will Hold Social Session.Paris Lodge N373, fBP. 0 .E .,will hold a social session at their clubrooms in the Elks .building this evening, i All members o'f .the order arerequested to be present."False Alarm.About 11:30 o'clock Satruday nightan alarm of fire was sent in from box17, but when the fire department arrived no blaz could be located in thevicinity of the box. It is supposedsome night prowler turned in the alarmap a ioke.ifirCjWind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Accepts riew Position. lMiss Hazel Duvall, who has beenemployed in the business office of theBourbon Home TelephoneCo., has resgned her positionjand has accepted aposition as cashier and bookkeeperwith the grocery firm of C. P. Cook &Co. She will enter on her new dutiesApril 1.Read The Ad.The attention of our readers is directed to the advertisement of Mr. II.C. Ogle which appears in this issue.Some of the very finest fruit trea,plants, etc. For prices read th ad.Injured by Fall.while en route to Millersburg on amotorcycle Sunday afternoon, DouglasThomas, Jr., met with a painful accident in East Paris when he struck adog which was running after the machine. The rider was thrown off themachine with great force and sustained a severe cut'on the left side of thehead, besides a slight sprain to theleft arm.Cheap and Good.Our good wall papers are cheap andour cheap wall paners are good.25 2t " BORLAND'S.Qualify as AdministratorsIn the countv court. Saturday. Mr.A. S. Best, of Millersburg, was appointedas administrator of the estateof Mrs. Sallie Best.deceased, and Mrs.Lutie Becraft was appointed administrator of the estate of the late W. HBecraft The former qualified withWm. Miller as surety and the Ir.tterwith William Becraft.The Only One In Town.When you buy wa'l Daperswall paper house. We aregotheto aonlyone in Paris.25 2t BORLAND'S.Will Furnish Hospital OfficefIayor J. T. Hinton, of this city, hasnotified the Board of Managers of theW. W. Massie Memorial Hospital tothe effect that he will furnish thebusiness office of the institution andthe generous offer has been accepted.The furnishings will include a handsome six-foot directors' table, sixchairs, a roll-top desk, all in EarlyEnglish, a handsome Wilton velvet rugand a large fireproof safe. The safehas been ordered from a firm in Buffalo, N. Y.Something Different.When you look at our wall papersyou see something different.25 2t BORLAND'S.Colored Woman Dies Suddenly.Elvira Williams, colored, died suddenly Friday night about 7 o'clockfrom the effects cf an attack ofaouteindigestion. She was aed -about fiftv-tour years, and was a highliicspsct.ed negress. For some timeshe hadbeen employed as a cock at the homeof Mr. Warren Williams, and was enroute to her home in Claysville whenstricken with illness. She was foundleaning on a fence on Vine street by acolored man who assisted her to herhome, where she expired in a fewminuies after her arrival. CoronerRudolph Davis conducted an investigation. The Kind You Want.Our line of wall papers will suityour taste and tickle your purse.25 2t - BORLAND'S.Mystery in Injury of FarmerWith his head badly injured and sitff-'ering from possibly internal injuries,received ir a mysterious manner, Gru-beryGravitt. a young farmer residingIhe James Russell farm near thisity, is in a serious condition ana'there'is little hope for his recovery.He is unconsious, and unable to tellhow he came by his injuries.. Gravitt was in town several daysago and was returning home when hereceived the injuries which may causehis deaih. A companion assisted himto his,home, but disclaims any knowedge of how he came to be injured.The back of bis head bears evidencesof being struck with a heavy instrument and from the numerous bruiseson his body it is believpd that afterbcmg knocked unconscious he waslicked or beaten about the body.Tornado Insurance.Thdmas & Wooef od.personal mention.Mrs. Hattie Ho-vell, of Mt. Sterling, is visiting relatives in Bourbon.Mr. John H. Kiely. of Covington,spent Easter with his mother, Mrs. E.C. Kiely.Mrs. H. H. Hancock ana daughter,Virginia. leftTriday for a visit.to reltives in Tennessee.Mr. W. R. HukiM, DeDuty StateFire Marshal, was in Maysville yesterday, on business.Mrs. Kiser Smith has returnedfrom a visit to her mother, Mrs. H.Tebbps, ,in Cynthiana.Miss Alice Rogers Clay hae returned from a visit to her auut Mrs.W. Rogers Clay, in Frankfort.Misses Marian and ElizabethAlexander were at home from "schoolin Cincinnati for the faster holidays.Miss Rosa Dee Chandler, of Cynthiana, was the guest of Mr. and andMrs. Taylor Chandler several days lastweek.tMiss Margaret Nuckols, of Versailles, is the guest of Miss Marie Talbott, at "Mt. Lebanon," near thiscity.Mrs. M.E. Lydick has returned toher home in Cynthiana after a visit toher daughter, Mrs. J. O. Marshall, inthis city.Mr. Fay Ardery, bookkeeper atthe Deposit Bank, is confined to aLexington hospital, suffering with asevere illnses.Mrs. W. A. Burris, who has beenthe guest of her mother, Mrs. J. H.Ewalt, left Friday for her home inVictoria, Texas.The Muskogee. Okla., correspondent to the Louisville Courier-Journalsays: "Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Colcord,of Oklahoma City, have been theguests the past week of the family ofRobert Galhraith in Tulsa, and at thesame time Miss Marguerite Colcord isattending a house party at Bristow.The Colcordsare.Paris, Ky., Deople."The Little Rock C. W. B. M. heldan unusually interesting meetingThursday afternoon Jwith Mrs. EdsellClark, the president, presiding. Thepresident gave a very interesting talkon the observance of Easter in foreign lands. Each member present atthe meeting took part in the program.The rausicwas appropiate and the social featue" was vey much enjoyed.Misses Elizabeth.Hinton and LouiseSteele, students at Hamilton College,Lexington ; Miss Lavina Reynolds, ofCaldwell College, Danville; jMiss Annie n;mbry, Maigaret College, Versailles,"Messrs.fcLawrence Price, Edward Fithian and Norwood Stitt, ofM. M. I., and Thos. Prichard, -.CentralCollege, Danville, were at home spending the Easter holiday.The Mission Band of the Christianchurch was charmingly entertainedSaturday afternoon at the home ofMrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, on Secondstreet.Sixty-two children were present andenjoyed the delightful afternoon. Theyoung president, Miss Elemeta Hinton,presided over themeeting andja pleasing program of songs and recitationswas rendered. The rjrogram was repeated Sunday afternoon in the jointsession with the Junior Endeavor Society of the church. After jthe exercises tbe.children were condu ted tothe dining room where dainty refreshments were served. The circulartable had as a centerpiece a nest ofred and yellow Easter eggs, aroundwhich were arranged vases of jonquilsand around these red shaded candlesin crystal candlesticks. There werealso two smaller tables. Ice cream,small cakes 'and candy eggs wereserved and the souvenirs were tinychickens. After the refreshments theguests were amused by an EasterLady, who presented them Lwith colored eggs."El Nida." the beautiful home ofJudge and Mrs. Harmon Stitt, onWest Second street, was the scene of apretty reception Friday afternoon,which was in the nature of a farewellto the home, which will soon go intothe possession of Dr. J. A. Gilkey.Growing plants and cut flowers ofvarious colors used in different appointments graced the large, airy rooms.The parlor was decorated in red carnations, the reception hall; and punchroom in yellow jonquils, whilefthe dining room was prettily decoiatedfcinpink and white carnations.The guests were greeted by MissJessifl Wilson upon their arrival andconducted into" the parlors by Mrs.Chas. Duncan and Mrs Frank Clay.Mrs. C. M. Best, of Millersburg, assisted the hostess in receiving them.Mrs. Stitt wore black crepe de chinewith let tnmmines while Mrs. IBestwas queenly.in an imported robe ofpink crepe de chine.Misses" Corinne Collins and NannieBrent O'Neal, daintily gowned inwhite, presided at the punch table towhich the guests were conducted byMrs. Nellie Highland and Mrs. CustisTalbott. Mrs. Mary Ireland Davis hadcharge of the guest book and coffeevtas served in the brpakfast room byMisses Frances Butler and FlorenceWilson. Mrs. Robert Goggin andMrs. William Kenney presided in thedining room where dainty refreshments consisting of individual icesmoulded as pink roses,, and white individual cakes were served.The round table was covered with anexquisite lace cloth over pink, andwhite carnations and ropes of smilaxwere used with charming effect in thedecorations. Pink shaded candles insilver candelabra cast a soft glow overthe pretty scene, cut glass dishes ofnuts and mints were on the diningtable.Trost's orchestra of four pieces wasstationed in the upper hall and furnished exquisite music during thehours. There were about one hundredguests in attendance during the afternoon. Mrs. Walter Kenney and Mrs.William Kenney Dudley entertained atthe attractive home on" East Seventhstreet Thursday afternoon with apretty reception. The house wasbeautiful in its decorations of prettyspring flowers and Southern smilax.Master Walter Kenney, Jr., son ofMrs. Kenney, extended the guests acordial greeting and ushered them intothe reception hall, where Mrs. Charl-ton Alexander, Mrs. Thomas HenryClay, Jr., and Mrs. John Stuart Roberts extended further greetings andconducted the ladies to the parlorwhere they were graciously receivedby the charming hostesses.Mrs. Kenney wore a lovely gownof pink silk and lace, while Mrs.Dudley waa. attired in blue silk andwhite lace." A French basket ofjonquils with a bow of yellow malineon the handles, added a touch of spnngcoloring to the attractive room, f-.r.dthe lovely sisters greeted the guestswith grace and cordiality.Punch was served by Mrs. W. R.Swango and Mrs. C A. Webber in themusic room, where MisB MyrtleKissheimr, pianist, Mr. Alfred T.Wimann, violinist, both of Leximrton,and Mr. William Talbott. of Paris,cornetist, furnished beautiful musicthroughout the afternoon.An elegant salad course was servedin the dining room where a large cluster of Easter lillieB served as the centerpiece of the table, which was covered with a handsome cloth of MountMellish embroidery. Cut glass dishesof mints in green and white were alsoon the table.In addition to those mentioned thehostess was assisted in entertaining byMrs. Thoma's Buckner, Mrs. ClarenceKenney, Mrs. William Wornall, Mrs.B. A. Frank, Mrs. John Yerkes, Mrs.Henry May, Mrs. Wade Whitley, Mrs.Earl Ferguson, Miss Kate Alexander,Miss Loraine Butler and Miss MaryWoodford. Most of these ladies aremembers of the same society, atHollins, Va. Little Misses MaryKenney Webber and Eleanor Swango.,wearing prettv white dresses of laceand embroidery, gavejjvaluable assistance inthe dining room. The afternoon was'enjoyed by Jabout one hundred and fifty, guests.Capt. rEd Taylor, of Lexington,was a visitor in Paris yesterday.Col. R. B. Franklin, of Frankfort,was a visitor in Paris, yesterday.Mr. Ray Clark left yesterday afternoon for Dayton, O ., where he willtake a position.Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Berry, ofLexington, are the guests of Mr andiMrs. J. T. Martin.MJhs Mary Fithian Hutchcraft? isin Lexington to attend the reception toMiss Maiy Dan Harbison, today.Mrs. U. N. McKenney has returned from a visit to her daughter,Mrs. Bandenburg, at Winchester.' Miss Rosa Templeman and Mr.Grover Fluty, of Winchester, wereguests Sunday of Miss ElizabethMann.Mrs. Joe Varden and children returned yesterday after a visit to hermother, Mrs. Sallie McMillan, in Lexington. Misses Dorcas Ussery and FrancesChamp returned yesterday after a fewdays' visit to the former's mother.Mr3. W. C. Ussery, in Cincinnati.Among those from this citv whoattended the dance given in Lexingtonlast night by MrY Hanson Thomas andhis sister, Mrs. Rounsvall were :Misses Mary Fithian Hutchcraft, Martha Ferguson, . Carolyn Roseberry,Messrs. 'Charlton Clay and ReubenHutchcraft.Prominent Newspaper Man DeadSamuel Judson Roberts editor andowner of the Lexington Leader, diedat his home in that citv Sunday afternoon at 1:20 o'clock, following an illness of about two weeks from bloodpoisoning. Later pneumonia developed and his condition assumed an acutestage. Since Friday only slight hopeswere entertained for his recovery.Mr. Roberts had been a resident ofLexington for twenty-five years. Hewas a native or romeroy, u., and wasborn Feb. 11, 1858. In the spring of1888 Mr. Roberts located in Lexingtonwhere he associate'd himself with othergentlemen andyestabliBhed the dailyLeader, which-'ne has conducted since,gradually acquiring thti other interestsuntil he qame into the full ownership ofthe estalishment.'At the age of 19 he entered journalism, securing a position on the Cleveland Leader, and four years latermoved to Canton, where he was identified with one of the most prominentpapers of the State. He was a candidate for the Republican nominationfor Mayor of that city, but was defeated. Being an intimate friend of President William McKinley and a lifelongRepublican, he received the appointment under that administration as collector of internal revenue ot the Seventh Congressional district, a positionhe held for twelve yeara.Mr. Roberts was one of the best-known newspaDer men in Kentucky,and a prominent factor in the development of Lexington. He was planningto celebrate the twenty-fitfh anniversav of the establishment of the Leaderby issuing a mammoth souvenir edition. The funeral will be held this afternoon at three o'clock I from his lateresidence. Burial in Lexington cemetery. Episcopal Ladies to Serve Dinner.The ladies of the Episcopal church,following their usual custom, willserve dinner in the basement of thecourt house on Apiil court day. Theladies have achieved quite a reputation for the dinners which they haveserved in the past and will endeavor toelevate the high standard, hoth inquantity and quality on this occasion.Robbers Waylay Farm Laborer.Thomas Webb, a farm laborer, wasknocked in the head and robbed byhighwaymen Saturday night aboutnine o'clockv Webb was found in adark plagen the rear of the stable fofMartin Bros., on Eighth street, withhis head badly cbt and bruised. Hisassailants struck him across the headwith a bottle, rendering him unconscious, and went throughihis pockets,securing a small amount of money.The robbery was reported to the policewho are making an effort to locate theguilty parties. Webb says he wascalled into an alley adjoining thelivery stable by a '.negro .man, whenanother who was concealed in thedarkness struck him in the head.THEATRICAL."THE NEWLYWEDS AND THEIRBABY.""The Newlyweds and Their Baby."a musical comedy built around a groupof cartoon characters familiar to everynewsnaoer reader, will come to theParis Grand tonight.This attraction serves once more tocall attention to the achievement of anartist. George McManus invented"The Newlyweds," and his picturesare as famous as those-of BusterBrown and the amvoi other mischievous youngs ter-ffr The chief figures in the play that have been madeare Mr. and Mrs. Newlywed, Napoleon Newlywed, the baby, and the bigblack bear. The story is fantastic,but the complications are numerousand comical, and an entertainment ofthe jolliest kind results.Expert Barber.Mr. Carl Crawford, a barber of 30years' experience, invites the publiqto his new shop at the Windsor Hotel.Two chairs. Prompt service. Children's work a specialty. Razors honedsatisfactorily. tfHow often does thisquestion bob up in yourhome? It's perfectly natural, for every one shouldhave some recreation afterthe day's work.And no one need wantfor it where there's aVictor in the home.Why not get a Victorfor your home? Come inand see us aboutit today.Victors $10 to$100. Victor-Vic-trolas$15 to $250.Terms to suit.Daugfyerftj BrosqtilMPHBiwgiWga w ,iiii iinim-Minu iwiipii mil niirT-ncItllnl till Sp8ssq6gsHjj ill iNorth Star HitA Good Ref rijgersfcor . PaysPor Itself!In the first place, it SAFEGUARDS the HEALTH ofthe WHOLE FAMILY; 2nd it SAVES ICE.Then there is NO WAIST of PROVISIONS by spoiling. Andlthen there is theSATISFACTION derived in using a HIGH-CLASS article. If anyone thing inyour house should be RIGHT it sKould be YOUR REFRIGERATOR, We havethe RIGHT KIND. Saves you money.J miMtititiiiai'iI QnPinn Tima lc Ua Ion my i lino id j 101 oArc You Ready,,H If not we have all the latest ideas in Dress Accessories to6 complete your outfit.5? Beautiful new Shirt Waists tailored or lingerie.g An endless variety of Neckwear.Dainty colored or white hand work French Handkerchiefs.S The new Spring Millinery calls for veils, We have the newgj Vanity and Shetland Veils. Ask to see them.Easter Ribbons, dainty brocades in sash and hair bow to13 match.5 Gloves in kid and fabric, long and short.g Many other Easter wearables that are sure to please.S3W. Ed.9ri The Place to PurchaseYour Jesrelry is - ' "The House of Quality5Up-to-Date Goods In Sterling Silver and Gold.ccSHIRK &Cast TJenn. 2S8.fiqpaatfafaeftflaREFRIGERATORSH HH H R rH m nT. HIRT0RWood (VSantels, Wall Paper, Furniture, LaceCuriaEns, Undertaking.Tucker.nFITHIAN.jfcome 130,J"VStarJravn ty-gyry? rsrroyrsxrjrmdanaNorthana1Iyi r-H-"-"T"w""'M' nfTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 2,5 1913.MWr.tfr iii IliIiONE MOREOUR REMOTheYgreat saving in HouseFurnishing Goods you canfind by looking here, as Spring Cleaning Time calls for somany things. Everything that you will need can be boughtduring our Remodeling Sale and will be delivered whenyou are ready for them.Cook Stovesand Ranges$11.50 up to $65.See Them BeforeYou BuyCarpets, Rug Matting, " Linoleums and Oil Cloth For YourSpring Cleaning$9.75 Kitchen Cabinet Now is your chance to save so many steps.9x1 2 Art Square Rug, any color, $4.50.Chiffonier $4.25 Solid Oak, 5 drawers, for $4.25.Rockers Solid Oak Rocker, large arms, $2.25 up.Mattress 45-lb. Mattress, roll-edge, $10.85.TheA. F.Main Streetr1TRAINLOADOFPUN4IYOU,YOUMothers Can Safely BuyDr. King's New Discovery and giveit tojthe little ones when ailing andsuffering with colds, coughs, throat orJung troubles, tastes nice, harmless,once used, always used. Mrs. BruceCrawford, Niagara, Mo., writes:"Dr. King's New Discovery chafngedour boy from a pale, weak, sick boy toIhe picture of health. " Always hr lps-Buy it at Oberdorfer's.OFllli11 Ml TnJlllPilillli 11You wilH need a Refrigeratorfor the hot days that will soonbe here. Get the New Icebergthat is the kind that saves$5.75 up to $38.00HappyHomeMakersWheeler & Co.,CHAS. GREEN, Mgr.Paris Grand, Wed., March 26Henry W. Savage Offfers the New York Company in the Comedythat Broke All Laughter Record in Lexington Last Week:2000 Miles to Renoi:AND LIBERTYHENRY W. SAVAGE OFFERSThe Pullman Car Carnival.LALULME99FOR LAUGHING!WHO CAN HELP IT?;WILL -LAUGH , EVERY MILE tWILL TfflBlLL ATiTHE .HQLpjrtJRJSeats on Sale Saturday. Prices, 25c to $1.50. Mail Orders Received in Advance will be Filled in the Order of Their Receipt.House Hunting.Prospective Tenants "There's onegreat disadvantage about this house;it is damp." Landlord "That's no disadvantage. If a fire were to break outiIt wouldn't burn nearly so fast."Dr. King's New Discovery.Soothes irritated throat and lungs,stops chronic and hacking cough, relieves tickling throat, tastes mpj Take no other; once used always used,Buy it ax UDeraoner's.WW ill IvjTable DeskSolid Oak or Mahogany, $14-Any Table our Remodeling SaleOpp. Court HouseiChildren are much more likely tocontract the contagious diseases whenthey have colds. Whooping coueh., diphtheria, scarlet fever and consumption are diseases that are often contracted when the child has a cold.That is why all medical authorities saybeware of colds. ; For the quick cureof colds you will find nothing betterthan Chamberlain's Cough Remedy.It can always be depended upon and isj Dleasant and Bafe totake. For saleby all dealers.iTHEATRICAL."EXCUSE ME."The Lexington Herald of Marcn 16says:"Rupert Hughes' corking good farce,'Ecxuse Me,' .which made such a hitlast season, returned Saturday and repeated its success of a year ago."Henry M. Savage who is producingthe piece, sent back a company insome respects stronger than the onewhich appeared on the former occasion and. as a result the play sustainedits well earned reputation as a funproducer."The scenes of the play are laidthroughout ton an Overlandj Limitedtrain to Reno,;Nev., carrying a cargoof .disgruntled martial misfits on theirway to the mortal paradise of allthose whohave tasted of the waters ofmatrimony and found them bitter, andone bride and groom-elect, whothrough,a mishap, have just missedgetting the knot Jegally;;tied by having to make a dash for the last tramWest and who then are compelled toplan a way to have it tied aboard byan accommodating minister out for avacation."All the interesting farcial situations grow out of this and correlatedinstances, that are responsible for anabundance of .wholesome fun that issustained to the very curtain fall onthe last act."Thejast returned with several ofthe original cast. Geraldine O'Brienherselfappearing as Marjorie Newton,George W. Day as the porter, ,andThomas J. McMahon as Ira Lathrop.The other actors were mostly newfaces here but they handed the delightful comedy over the foetlights inthe most dashing manner and left abright spot at the week's end thatwill make them pleasantly remembered for many days to come."The same excellent cast will appearin "Excuse Me" at the Paris Grandon Wednesday. March March 26."BEN HUR" IN CINCINNATI.All the Oriental trappery and splendor of the Indian Durbar which KingGeorge V.. of England journeyed toDelhi in India to take part in, will bebrought to the doors of Cincinnati inKlaw & Erlanger's elaborate new production of "Ben Hur," which inaugurates an engagement at the GrandI Opera House, the week commencingMonday evening, April 7, with matinees on Wednesday and Saturday.i Never before in the history of thestage has here been so much wealthexpended on the presentation j of ahistorical spectacle. Flashing jewels,dazzling armor, magnificent robes, superb draperies, the marvelous rugs ofthe far East, the costly furnishings oftwo thousand years ago all thesethings are combined and displayed i"the wonderful revival. Klaw and Erlandger. the owners of this must wonderful Diece of theatrical property,have given it magnitude and spectacular grandeur eclipses any productionshown up to date on the Americanstage or the theatre of any other country. The magnitudelof the scenic settingsis of such a nature that there are onlya lew theatres with stages largeenough to accomodate the equipment.Carpenters, electricians, and a hordeof other workers are now in possessionof the Grand Opera House stage, getting ready for the production, andwhen the curtain does rise on the solemn and beautiful scene in the desertwhere the Wise Men are waiting forthe signal, the Star of Bethlehem, topoint them the way to the Messiah, thespectator ;will view the spectacularachievement of American stagecraft.Klaw & Erlanger taxed the enormous resources of their theatricalplant) in every department in buildingthis new equipment. Their scenic artists and costumers, their engineersand electricians worked for one solidyear in combination, ;and under the direction of artists and historians, antiquarians and scholars, to accomplishthe seemingly impossible the effacement of former memories of "BenHur" productions. With this newspectacle they have built for themselves a monument as enduring as thename of Shakespeare in .the gloriesand beauties of the new settinglforthe greatest story the world has everknown, "The Tale of the Christ."The sale of seats begins Thursday,April 3. The prices arej"0c . to $1.50.Always Comes High.One trouble with experience is thatwe seldom get it at marked-downprices.si&ri.:Paris GrandONE NIGHT ONLY,TUESDAY,MARCH ....2JThe Merry Musical Comedy,THENEWLYWEDSANDTHEIR BABY605 PEOPLE 6075 PER CENT GIRLS.An operetta of fun and fashion.See the original 8 Berlin Madcaps andPouter Pigeon Ballet, and two dozenhandsomely gowned Show Girls.Seats Mitchell & Blakemore's.Carriges -Automobiles 10 :45.No Need to Stop Work.When thedoctor orders you to stopwork it staggers you. I can't, yousay, You know you are weak, rundown and failing in health day byday, but you must work as long as youcan stand. What you need is ElectricBitters to give tone, strength and vigor to your system, to prevent breakdown and build you up. Don't beweak, sickly or ailing when ElectricBitters will benefit you from the firstdose. Thousands bless them for theirglorious, health and strength. Trythem. Every bottle is guaranteed tosatisfy. Only 50 cents at Oberdori-er's.You'can sayjgoodbve to constipationwith a clear "conscience if you useChamberlain's Tablets. Many havebeen permanently cured by their jjse.For sale by all dealers.4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour DepositsAre GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO RISKSIf You Arc InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANEMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000Fully PaidOxyThe Great Blood PurifierDon't wait, for Spring has come, so begin to buildup your system now by cleansing your blood withOXY-TONIC, the Great Germ Destroyer and BloodPurifier. For all diseases of the blood, and as aTONIC there is but one OXY-TONIC.Germs cause disease, OXY-TONIC destroysthe germs.Call and get a free booklet atv W. T. Brooks' Drug Store.L.Special Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe payl21-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us upor bring it to our place.MAX MUNICK,8th Street,Call East Term.PARIS, KYPhone 374Professional CardsJ J. WTLTjIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-L AW.Zoom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones f mD . , ( E. T. 334.Residence j Home 334.DR. A. H KELIiER,Pkacticing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentuckyCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AllHoursNo Long Waits.Ar Share of the Public PatronageSof icited.Many sufferers from rheumatismhave been surprised and delighted with,the promDt relief afforded byapplying-,.Chamberlain's Liniment. Not "onecase of rheumatism in ten requires'anyinternal treatment whatever. Thissliniment isfor sale by alldealera.If.Yon Want to Put in WaterWorks in Your flonseOr Barn, or Bathroom Fixtures orFuruace, or Tin, Shingles or MetalRoofing, and all kinds of Tin Work,,,Guttering, Pipss, Filters, Water Tanks.Dipping Tanks, Sewerage Pipe andClay Flues. Concrete Work a Specialty. Give us a call.We also handle the American FieldWite Fencing, and the best line ofCook Stoves. Oil Stoves and Heaterson the market, and all kinds of Hardware, 'Farming Tools, Grates andMantels, Screen Doors, Poultry Supplies, Harness of all kinds, the W. JOliver Plow, the best Plow on tkemarket. Horse Clippers, Cement,.Lime, Paint and Oils.We buy the very best goeds obtaiiirable, and our prices are right.BEST & HAWKINS,4mar3mo Millersburg, Ky.Ailing SkinEczema, Psoriasis, Dandruff, Pimples, skin troubles of any kind WASH!THEM AWAY withD. D. D. Prescription lor Eczema:This mild wash will bring- you instant relief from that awful itch.Prove it with a 60c bottle. "We guarantee the regular $1.00 size bottle toend your distress and begin your cureor your money back. D.D.D. Soajhelps, too; ask usChas. E. Butler & Co., Paris, Ky"NEW - BARBER - SHOPWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment.PoliteService.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDKentucky Traction andTerminal Co.INTERURBAN SCHEDULELve. Lexington Lve. Parisfor ParisFor Lexington-fi.45 a mx7.30 a m '8.15 a mx9.00 a m9.45 a m11.15 a m12.45 p m2.15 p m3.45 p m4.30 p m5.15 p m0.00 p m6.45 p m8.15 p mx6.00 a m7.20 a mx8.00 a m8.50 a m10.20 a m11.50 a m120 pm2.50 p m3.30 p m4.20 p m5.00 p mS.00 p m7.20 p m9.10 p m13.00 pm10.05 p mx Daily Except Sunday.Spe ial RatesLow Round TripHomeseekers TicketsTo points in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Arizona, ArkansasMissouri, New Mexico, Oklahoma,Texas and Kansas on sale first andthirdVTuesday of each month, returnlimit 25 days from date of sale.Round trip Winter Tourist iickets kall principal winter resorts in theSouth on sale Oct 15th to April 30th1913, final return limit May 3lst, 1913For further information, apply to, W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A..TOICllOJ.?Vii-)IRheumatismNeuralgiaSprainsAIiss C. Mahoxey, of 270S K. St.,T7."Vaslimgtou, D.C., writes : "I suffered with, lheumatism for five earsand I hae pust got hold of your 'Liniment, and it baa done me so muchgood. My knees do cot pam and thed ciuug uas gone.Quiets the NervesMils. A.''riDJiAsr, of 403 ThompsonSt., Maryville. Mo., writes : " Tlienerve in my leg was destroyed fi oyears ago and left mo with a "jerkingat night so that I could not sleep. Afriend told me to try jour Linimentand now 1 could not do without it. Ifind alter its uso I can sleep."SLOANS"Is a good Liniment. I keep it onhand all the time. My, daughtersprained her wrist and used yourLiniment, and it has not hurt hersince."JosefiiHatcher,of Selma, X. C,R.FJX, No. 4.At All DealersPrice15c, 50c, $1.C0Sloan's book onhorses, cattle, hogsand poultry senttree. AddressDr.EarlS.Sloan,Boston,Mass.to OrdernanatauinvausnUISoJSraaiqmiaEJ5aitsu;unr3cjwciaDIM5J5EJSSirE!5iii;iiHI it!5IB J SOBaRISwiIBnij!mifjisilWcAJsoDoDRYCLEANING.PRESSING, :REPAIRING.Best Work gGtiaran teed.Thorn is i Bros.NATIONAL5c and 10c StoreSPECIALfor Thirty DaysOn AHWall PaperAnd also Puttingsame on Walls.Must Have Roomfor New Stock.. iNational 5g and 10c SloraWatch Our Windows,LINIMENTMl$mk Jimc 2xjHkX BHaim51511 IBPLACED HIS BAN ON EVILSvIndulgence In Smoking and LiquorMeans Forfeit by Heirs of Sharein Rich Estate.Bloomington, 111. Before Mora andLeita Murdock, and their brother Max,children of the late J. T. Murdock of jLa Salle county, can benefit under jtheir father's -will, they must appearbefore the probate court and take asolemn oath that they have notsmoked or chewed tobacco nor partaken of intoxicating liquors for twoyears previously.The last will and testament of thedead millionaire is unique in the annals of the probate courts of centralIllinois. While the testator wasknown to be a total abstainer himself,he was never intolerant in his reference to others who might drink orsmoke, and the will just placed onrecord by the administrator was a?reat surprise to his family andfriends.To guard against a false affidavit,Mr. Murdock provided that in theevent such deceit was resorted to,that a protest made by any person acquainted with the' facts must be givenconsideration by the court. Shouldthe accusation be substantiated, theperson who made the false affidavitmust forfeit all share in the estate.The heirs are given life interest inthe property, and the will providesthat the anti-tobacco and anti-liquorstipulations are also binding upontheir children and grandchildren.The will bequeaths the personalproperty to the widow and divides thereal estate equally between the twodaughters and son. All three childrenare grown and prominent in sociotycircles. The trio say that there willbe no danger of any forfeit of theirshare in the estate, as all are opposedto the use of tobacco and intoxicants.The clause of the will relating totobacco and liquor reads as follows:"It has been my aim and ambitionduring the whole time I have been acquiring and saving the property herein devised, to leave the same for theimprovement of the minds, and not forthe debasement of the bodies of thosewho may come into its possession. Tothat end, after due deliberation, it ismy will, and I do hereby especiallyprovide, that no one who uses tobacco,by smoking or chewing, or shall be inthe habit of using intoxicating liquoras a beverage, shall have any sharein the property or income thereof devised by me. Before anyone shall takeany benefit or any property bequeathed or devised by me, such one,my wife excepted, shall file in the.court where this will may be admittedto probate, his or her affidavit, andsuch other additional proof as may berequired to convince the court of thetruth of such affidavit, that he or shehas not used tobacco, for smoking orchewing, nor has been in. the habit ofgetting intoxicated or of using Intoxicating liquors as a beverage duringthe full period of the two years immediately prior to the time such affidavitshall be filed.""KlNG" OF SWAN'S ISLE DEADPicturesque Carer of Aionzo Adams,Yankee Skipper, Ended in Boston Hospital.Boston, Mass. Aionzo Adams, onetime Yankee skipper, later "king" ofSwan's island in the Caribbean sea,and for the last few years a Connecticut farmer, is dead at the Massachusetts General hospital in this city atthe age of 78.Mr. Adams, or "the king," as hewas best known, was born in Ellsworth, Me., of seafaring parents.About twenty-three years ago a vesselcf which he was captain was chartered by a company to carry a commercial expedition to certain Caribbeanislands. The venture failed andAdams accepted for his pay the rightsto Swan's island, one of the group ofwhich the company had acquired possession. There the Yankee skipperestablished a small kingdom, takingthe title of king and introducing royalcustoms. He developed his kingdoncommercially, and within a few yearshad amassed a small fortune.Three years ago he accepted anoffer from a development companyand sold his kingdom, returned to"the states" and settled down on afarm at Easthampton, Conn."MOVIES" PUT TO NOVEL USENew Jersey Spectator at Theater Toldon Screen Burglars Are Busyin His Home.Boonton, N. J. Mr. and Mrs. Norman Browers were spectators at amoving picture show here when oneof the film dramas was suddenly interrupted with these scribbled wordsthrown on the screen:"Norman Browers wanted at homeat once."The message was a burglar alarm.A sixteen-year-old daughter had beenattacked by a burglar at the Browershome, a mile distant, and her grandparents, who had found her unconscious and bleeding from a wound inthe head, had telephoned to the theater, where the unusual burglar alarmstartled the parents.MAN'S DOG MAKES AN ARRESTParis Canine Holds Robber Who Attacks Shop Employe Until PoliceArrive and Capture Him.Paris. Attacked at night by ruffians in the Rue de Lancry, Paris, M.Jean Gabier, a shop employe, calledhis dog, which set upon the men andheld one of them until the arrival ofthe police. LhV ?rr?x:'.zx&WMifJivMWjw.ItRoxie" Davis !IU Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.GivelOld "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137The SanitaryShop!With all the latest devicesinstalled in my shop to makeit absolutely sanitary andclean, including a PatentTowel Sterlizer, IndividualCups, Soap, etc., I believe wehave the most modern shopin Paris. We have just installed a new Porcelain Tuband an up-to-date Bathroom.Hot water at all times. ThreeBarbers, all experts. Wewould like to have yourtrade. I take this method ofsoliciting it. Is there a reason why we should not receive it? Respectfully,Russ Corbifl.Surprise Your Friends.For four weeks regularly" use Dr.King's New Life Pills They stiraulate the liver, improve digestion, remove lood impurities, Dimples and repuptions disappear from your face andbody and you feel better. Bgin'atonce, buy at Oberdorfer's. ,mwmYou haven't been able to findf7rISjkiAtvOio'H5 ifor younger men in your own cityThe reason some local clothier hasn't been fsatiurin thcc3 clv-jc1styled, hand-made garments is because our facilities have made i- impossible for us to add new agents and still capably supply our oH oner.However, our wonderful new Creative Shops which liavc onlyrecently been completed will enable us io add a limited nu:ri?ar c:now accounts this Fall. One cf these will be in. this city or near by.Our "Hero" Style Booh mailed on requestROSENBERGFashion Pars, ROCHESTER, N.i&ilFLyZAfcSmffiSeason 1913234-8Dark bay horse, 1G hands high, weighs1,200 lbs.By Simmons Boy 17517, sire of Silver Simmons 2:1(5, Simmonette 2:19),etc.1st dam Brilliante, by Wilkes Boy2:24,K, sire of Courier-Journal 2:06,Judge Swing 2:08X, York Boy 2:08and nearly 100 others in 2:30 list.2nd dam Grace Ashland by AshlandChief 751, son of Mambrino Chief.II.3rd dam Pong by Old Pilot.4th dam Meg by Boston, (thoroughbred.) TAYLOR SIMMONS will make theseason of 1913 at my stables in Paris,on High street, near 2nd street, at$15 to InsureThe ideal carriage horse is theAmerican trotting bred horse, withsize, speed, courage, and the truetrotting gait, with plenty of knee andhock action. In addition he musthave a clean cut head and neck, styleand finish, plenty of substance without coarseness.Recognizing the demand for thisclass of horses, I selected Taylor Simmons 23489, a young horse which fillsall the requirements ot the typicalcarriage horse. If the theory that"like begets like" be true, he willproduce horses of this type whenmated with good mares. Through hisveins flow the blood of the greatesttrotting families. He traces twice toGeorge Wilkes and five times to Mambrino Chief II. This is backed by thestout thoroughbred blood of Boston.A few of the fancy priced onessired by Taylor Simmons : Thendara,winner in the walk-trot class at theBlue Grass Fair in 1907, LouisvilleHorse Show and in the East, sold byCol. O. L. Railey for 2,500; AlleenPowers, sold to Godfrey Priest, ofNew York, for $1,000 ; Little Nath,sold for $500 to Eastern parties. Hisget are always commanding the pricethat pay a man to raise good stock.Lien retained on colts until seasonmoney is paid.Imp. Joe IIPure Bred Shetland Stallion.Imp. Joe II, sorrel and white, registered at Port Huron, August 28,1905, No. vol. 14, page 3. Sire Jim,No. 292 ; dam Banbsy, No. 1410. Asure foal getter.10 TO INSURE A LIVING COLTTom MackThe celebrated James E. Clay Jack,will make the .' season at Murphy'sYards. Tom Mack is the best breederof mules that ever stood in the county.$12 TO INSURE LIVING COLT$20 JENNETM. J. MURPHY,Paris, Ky.Caylor SimmonsfiB M . M fa77BROS: &s.xj2SS238E&0zr nsS2S:jZ523REXLiquifl Poultry Remedy 25c"Saves the Sick"For Gape, While Diariheoa, Roup, Limberneck ami all Poultrydiseases. No Cure NoPay, It works "whilethey roost.ncv Liqidl.iceICyV Killer 25c.Has no "equal" as alice, miteand germ killer. Best -Nash for allsores and cuts on allstock. Finest disinfectant for house, stabledog kennel and hen house. .BY MAIIv 30cTHE REX CHEMICAL CO., Newport, Ky.SOL.D BYVarden & Son, L. A. Soper, Little Rock,D. E. Clark & Co., Millersburg, Ky. g(tollof June)&$&$!'slk?All Skin Remedies Fail?Have you tried all the advertisedskin remedies without success? Haveyou sought medical treatment in vain?And you still suffer from that irritating itch, that horrible, unsightly, skindisease?Do not despair.Come to our store and we willGUARANTEE YOU INSTANT RELIEF. "Wo will let you have a fullsize bottle of the D.D.D. Prescriptionfor Eczema, a, simple, antiseptic wash,on our positive guarantee that unlessit stops the itch AT ONCE it will cost lTHE LEXINGTON HOTEL,Opp. The LelandEUROPEAN PLAN,Lexington, Ky.Reasonable Rates.Everything New andUp-to-Date.Convenient to Gar Line.Y.--v" wW. N. BarkleyMrs. W. N. BarldeyWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,Lexington, KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Slipper; also lunches and short orders at alChours with the best the market affords.(28mar6mo)pep Mill 111cent. $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,125' Cheapslde. Lexlncton, Ky.you not a cent. Tou owe it to yourself to take advantage of this offer."We are confident it will succeed or wcould not afford to make the offer.D.D.D. is a penetrating liquid thatkills and washes away disease germs,leaving the skin smooth and. healthy.'A 50c bottle is enough to start thecure of the most obstinate cases ofEczema. Psoriasis and allied, diseases.D.D.D. soap is a valuable aid. Aslsus about itChas. E. Butler & Son, Paris, KyNew Art Store!I have opened an ArtStore next to Mrs. M. A.Paton. New and freshstock of all kinds offancy workEmbroidery,Pillow Cases,Towels,Underwear,Waists, Etc.Novelties of all KindsStamping Done on ShortNotice Everythingguaranteed to be thebesfc.i': ::::::mrs. W. 6. Boardcrrns-omcoxwtf IXKTMAKCFFAv,.tftISWIi! woULD 1 WMfL9m i8 BECOME OF lliWM'PSfWyour lrfliiigJ THE MONEY iJteP 15 YOU EARN ? 'irfeiThere's a question for you to answer for yourself.If you are putting money in the bank you know theywill be PROVIDED FOR. If you are spending andwasting every dollar you get, you don't know what willJ become of them. Who gets the money you earn? Ifyou put into our bank what you spend or lend foolishlyit vill protect those children dependent on you.Make OUR bank YOUR bank.We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.I DEPOSIT:Capita!, $iQ0,000.00.J. M. HALL, President.999a&999QBm 99Are You a Cold Sufferer'Take Dr. King's New Discovery.thebest cough, cold, throat and lung medicine made. Money refunded if itfails to cure you. Do not hesitatetake it at our risk. First dose helps.J. R. Wells, Floydada, Texas, writes:"Dr. King's New Discoveiy cured myterrible cough and cold. I gained 15pounds." Buy it at Oberdorfer's.Man Who Is Ruined.The man "who permits himself to"he ruined by prosperity probablywould have been ruined by somethingelse if prosperity had not cGme alongfirst.Foolish Effort.' Some men not only expect thej "worst, but take the trouble to huntI for itI171 JAssured When You Buy Your SpringShoes at Our Storei ww1Fact, Everything That Could Be Desired to InsureATISFIED CUSTOMERS!o! JOF PARSurplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.99 aState of Ohio, city of Toledo.Lucas conty.Frank J. Cheney makes oath that heis senior partner of the firm of F. J.Cheney & Co., doing business in theCity of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that said firm will naythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence this 6th day of December, A. D. 1886.A. W. GLEASON.Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO..Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all druggists. 75 cents.Take Hall's Familv Pills for constipation. 1wear HatistactiYOUR DOLLARhas a greater purchasing power here than atany other place.When you buy here you are sure of gettingmore far your money. We give better vaiues,better quality, better style, better fit.Come now, come early, see our Shoes before buying. You are always welcome.We have now on sale some exceptionallygreat values in Misses' and Children's HighGrade Shoes and Oxfords for early Springwear.! REPROVES FISCAL COURT.i (Continuad from Pagel)I and also that the report of .the suDer-visors in regard to the amount ofJ money- expended upon each road in thecounty be also pubJieiied when itfinally appears.Having completed our labors we respectfully ask that we;;he finally discharged. CHAS. A. WEBBER, Foreman.In the Circuit Court Saturday Raymond Johnson, Golored, charged withhousebreaking, was given an indeterminate sentence of one to five years inthe penitentiary. Thomas West, colored" and Pete .English, white, fwereeach fined $50 for malicious cutting.The suit of Mrs. Rosa .Flanders, ofParis, against Harry King, of Carlisle,consumed most of the day Thursdayand was concluded Friday, resulting ina verdict of $200 in favor of the plaintiff. The suit was for the Iobs of ;ahorse whose death was alleged to have.been caused by an automobile drivenny King near this city last fall.The suit of Edward Moreland's administrator against Houg & Spradling,railroad contractors was begun in Circuit Court yesterday and when courtadjourned yesterday all of the witnesses had not been examined.The suit which was filed against theconstruction company is to recoverdamages in tht sum of $30,000 fromthe death of Moreland, who was killedby a bo'le explosion at the construction crr,p near this city on theafternoon of December 10. The petition ot the plaintiff alleges negligenceon the part of tne defendant contractors, in using the boiler which wassaid to be defective.A large number of witnesses havebeen summoned on both sides and thecase will consume the greater part oftoday.MATRIMONIAL.GOODPASTER-PREWITT.Mr. Henry Clay Prewitt and MissJennie Goodpaster, both of this county,were united in marriage Saturday afternoon at four o'clock at the residence of the officiating minister, Rev.W. E. Ellis, on Twelfth street.The following invitations have beenissued :Mr. and Mrs. Henry A. Power"invite you to be presentat th marriage of their daughterAllenetoMr. Edward'Fretwell PrichardWednesday evening, the ninth ofAprilnineteen hundred and thirteenat half after Feven o'clockM. E. church SouthParis, Ky.Granted New Trial.In the Fayette Circuit Court Saturday Judge Kerr granted a new trial Jinthe case of the Commonwealth againstJohn Harris, , convicted of the murderof Al Jones.. The shooting, which resuled in almost instant death to Jones,occurred at the colored Bantist churcha Jimtown, which is near the Fayetteand Bourbon county line a few daysbefore ChristmaseMiusMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mr. R. M. . Caldwell is improvingslowly.Mrs. T. A. Vimont was in LexingtonFriday on businses.Mrs. George Hill and Miss LeonaLetton are among the sick.Mrs. Hutchcraft. of Paris, is theguest of Mrs. W. M. Miller.Miss Edna Mitchell was the guest ofthe Misses Elder in Paris Saturday andSunday.Mr. W. ti. Henderson, of Mt. SterSling, was in town from Saturday untilMonday.Mrs. S. B. Turner was the guest offriends in Lexington from Saturdayuntil Monday.Z Miss Fay IvicWhorters was theguest ot friends at Paris from Saturday until Monday."Mr. Vaught, ot Parker, Inrl., wasthe gueat of Miss Beile Taylor JudySaturdayjand Sunday.Mr. Ed Brown and family, of Csnthiana, were guests ct Mrs. HettieBrown from Saturday until Monday.Mrs. James Burrouchs entertainedthe little folks of the Christian churchSaturday afternoon with an Easterhunt. A number of games were indulged in after the hunt.The Mission Band Class of the Baptist church gave an Easter entertainment at the church Saturday evening.All of the little folks did splendidlyand a large audience was present.Fish for Slate CreekClay Cooper, of Mt. Sterling, fsecretary ot the Montgomery rish andGame Club, has just received fromtheUovernment for Slate Creek 6,000rainbow trout, 50,000 yellow perch and500,000 pike perch.Sunnybrook WhiskyWe are sole agents in Paris for thegenuine old Sunnybrook whisky. Thebest whisky made. Only $1 perquart.BENNIE WEISSBERG.Struck by a Train.An unknown white man was pickedup by the side of the L. & N. tracksabout half a mile north of WinchesterSunday morning. The man appearedto have been struck by a train, andwas in such a serious condition that hewas rushed to a hospital in Richmond.He was unable to tell his name.Changing Nature Indirectly.You are constantly assured that youcannot change human nature; thatyou cannot make people over by process of law. But if you cannot reformmen by reforming the conditions thatmake men what they are, how is itthat you can so ensily debauch anddegrade them by reversing the process? Collier's Weekly.U Itra-Conservatism.Some men can never relish the fullmoon out of respectNfor that venerableinstitution, the old one. Douglas Jer.rold."II 9Sfio IParis Will Have Building Boom.As an evidence of the rapid increasein the population of Paris, there aredaily demands for residence propertyand to meet this demand the city willexperience one of the largest buildingbooms in its history this spring.With the advent iJf seasonableweather more than Jbwenty dwellinghouses in yariousfoaris of the city willgo under construiMon and contractorswill have all they can do to completethe contracts they now have on handbefore the coming fall. The demandfor building lots has been greater inthe last few months than ever beforeand real estate changes are daily recorded. While there is a heavy demand forresidence property there is none theless greater for business locations. Atthe present time there is scarcely avacant business hnuse in the town ardthis condition is keeping down enterprises that otherwise would be doing aflourishing business. During thesprinc, it is said, the S. H. Kress Co.,operating a large number of stores inthe United States, will begin the erect;on of tnerr handsome three story business house n Main street, on the sitepurchased from the Baptist church atthe corner of Main and Sixth streets.Bids have been received for the material in Ihe old building Which indicatesthev contemplate razing the old churchat an earlv date, liiis'will be reolaced with a beautiful white brick building. fthe company, which operates ifiveand ten cent stoies throughout the.country, will use a uoition ofgthe lowerfloor of the building whileanother storeroom will be leased. The first andsecond floors will be divided into officesuites. Mr. Lee T. Beall, agent forthe firm in this city, with whom he isconstantly in communication is of treopinion that it will not be very longuntil work will begin on the building.It was the original intention to beginwork on the structure ksfc spring butowing to the tact that the" cumpa.iyhad eleven other buildings to erectbefore coming to Paiis caused thisdelay.Tobacco Trust at Old Game.Complaints have been forwarded toRepresentative A. O. Stanley, fromHenderson in particlar and other tobacco growing "portion of Kentuckyprutesting against the pricas offeredfor tobacco and attacking the jjbuyersof the four companies into which theold American Tobacco Co. has been reorganized. The letters charge collusion in an effort to keep I" down pnees,and Mr. Stanley joining these to theaction of the Circuit Court at 'Henderson in indicting the Imnerial TobaccoCc, of Great 8riain for that particular ohense. is preparing a bill to fmeetthe evils whichhis correspondents gsayexist. The 'Congressman indicatedthat he found a sympathetic listener inAttorney i General McReynolds. withwhom he held a long'conference.We're Now Showing Our Full Line ofixinuIn the CelebratedSchlossBros,High-Class Men's Suits.They Represent the New Norfolks, the New English Cutand the Conservative Models, all BeautifullyTailored. Prices ranging from $3 5 to $35JUST IMOur complete line of Emerson Shoes, Hawes Van Gal Hats,Stetson Hats, Lion ShirtsTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. Wollstein, Proprietor.1.11 1 '11.,iii"".'ryTyA ProfitableInvestmentHouses not wired for electricnot in the "all modern improvements"classTenants taboo them as being inconvenient, fyflfvtiiiivjiiiiv-cii clijl LiiiiitbinunaDie. ii.i-andlords find ihem hardOVli. vli ind expensive to insure.Your friends and neighbors wno own, buy, sell orrent houses, will substantiate these facts. Eliminatethese drawbacks by having your houses wired.jWe do thems&jM and on easy terms.v . J -1X3X" -JEATHS.I William Henry Fritis, 71, droppeddead of heart failure while at wrk inthe United States Navy Yards atPortsmouth, Va., where he had beenemployed as a bookkeeper lor a number of years. Prior to leaving Kentucky a few years ago 'Mr. Frittswas one of the leading business menof Carlisle, His body was brought .toCarlisle yesterday and buried in gtheCarlisle cemetery after funeral services at the Baptist church at 10o'clock. Mr. Fritts is well-known inParis. His wife was formerly MissClarka sister of Mr. Walter Clark, ofHot Springs, Va.CLOUGH.Lucille Clougb, the two weeks olddaughter of Mr. nd Mrs. Williamdough, died at tne home of her parents near Shakespeare Friday nightfollowing a short illness of a few days."The burial took place in the Pariscemetery Saturday afternoon.A WIRED HOUSECTRJCTLY UFTO DATE7viwrifers3Remington 6, $23Smith Premier 2, $23Remington 10, $40"(Latest Model)Smith Premier 10, $40(Latest Model)Monarch, $40Underwood 4, $40Underwood 5, $45Oliver 3, $40Oliver 5, $50L C. Smith & Bro., $35We Handle Carbon Paper Ribbons forall Makes.We Repair T oewriters.We have the Largest Stock in the U. S.The Joseph Candioto Co.149-151 N. BroadwayLexington, Kentuckyxservice areaisto rent, difficult towork at -moderate costI Si)MODELS !-SWA5iParis Gas &ctrice., Inc.4Ks M1 ?