r-BON NEWS'?-: 3--J'rr rift- "Sf - . -v. OBIjISHir' E'TlFRfSV TTT1WTAY AU"D R.TTA"y TW TTT"P. vwiu-.VOLUME XXXIPARIS, "KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 5, 19 1 3.I MErffWT'iT"I"WE KNOW HOW"1?IHfcouGRAND ,14 &'' .,Substantial Gifts in Sterling Silver always make pleasing remembrances. Evenin Sterling Silver articles there is a Vastdifference in design and workmanship.Our wares are selected for their correctness and gracefulness of design and theydisplay the finest and most painstakingworkmanthip. Gall and see the new"Carolina' ' pattern, it meets the most exacting demands in tableware.We will take pleasure in laying asideHF or Christmas any articles you may select.1 sBl flHHHHHI M 'k.f9n Ih Thp Facfapn Qiiflapl$1.00With a $3.00 PurchaseBaby Bunton Corn, 3 Cans 25cTomatoes, per can 1 OcSugaj: Loaf Peas, per can 1 5c and 20cStandard Peas, per can ' 1 OcfPork and Beans, 2 cans for -. . 1 5oEolled Oats, new stock, 3 packages 25cNew Dried Peaches 1 U ana i -zcFancy Apricots, 2 lb. for 35cFancy Sun Dried Apples, per lb 8cLANCASTER FLOUR.25-lb Sack .8048-lb Sack 1.6098-lb Sack.'...... 3.10Save the difference by paying cash. SpecialPrices on quantity lots.T. C. LENICash Grocery.Both Phones 234HAN.IIS FINAL REPORTInvestigates Election Charges,But Only One Indictmentis Returned.Good ClothesDo Not Make the ManyRUMORS' UNFOUNDED.Fifteen Bills Brought in ForMinor Infractions ofN the Law.But They Certainly Help Him Out When, ' Gomes to Making Good wih, N the Public.itiBoth Phones 234 JSfflffil$&&&&&'$mBOYSBOys'Chinchilla Overcoats,ors, $6.50 to$10.years old.Boys' long All-Wool Overcoats,"$3.50 to$10.Norfolk Suits, $3.00 to$1 2.50, aSi sizes.BoysSweater Coats.Boys' Caps and Hats.Boys' Union Suits.Boys' Gloves.Boys' Waists and Shirts.The Best at the Right Price Giveus a call No trouble toshow goods.V. msm i?PRI6E&60.6l0t.Hl6rSand FurnishersSIMMmmms&i7S7tT (xnwwM. w&in all col- gSg4 to 1 7 2Mt5wmijattsiixs3&3i&&mzmmzm&gm&m'2m9g&i 'gwir - aAfter being in session seven days,during which time almost one hundredwitnesses were examined in an effortto ascetain the truth of alleged irregularities in the primary election'last Augst and in the regular election in November, the grand oury sitting at the November term of theiBourbon Circuit Court made its finalreport to Judge Robert L. Stout yesterday afternoon and asked to be discharged. Only one indictment was1 returnedfor violation of the election laws,that, it is said, being against a negrowho was charged with "repeating" atthe polls during' the regular election.His name is being wihheld by orderol the court until bench warrant isissued and served upon the accused:The report of the grand jury is as follows: The Hon. Robert L. ritout, "Judge Mourbon Circuit Court.May It Please Your Honor:We, the November Grand Jury ofli-U T 1 I! Si. SI i . Ime buuiuuu circuit jourt respectfully submit this our final report:Wje have investigated all matterswhich have been presented to us andof which we have personal knowledge.In the first place we have made athorough investigation, as instructedby Your Honor, in both the Augustprimary and the regular Novemberelection. Various complaints havebeen made to the Grand Jury in regard to both of the elections and various names were 'given to the GrandJury in regard to certain facts. In al.most every one of these cases the complaints proved to be unfounded. Wehave run down as far as we have beenable to, all rumors of fraud in theelection, but we have been unable tofind but one indictment, which wehavejeturned to -the court. " -As has been the custom of theGrand Juries, we visited the CountyJail and the County Farm and findboth in. excellent condition, and haveno recommendations to make in regard to their condition.Respectfully,A. C. BALL, Foreman.Since the Grand Jury convened itkhas had before it a number ofl casesfor investigation with the result thata tc al of fifteen indictments were reteurned against persons, whose namearc withheld by order of the court,ffor minor offenses.Yesterday the time of the court wasconsumed in the hearing of the suitof E. F. Spears & Sons against theLouisville & Nashville railroad company to recover on an alleged shortage of coal, he loss of which wassustained by the local firm, and alsothat of S. A. Turner against the same.In tle former suit the jury returneda verdict in favor of the plaintiffs inthe ".um of $170.19 and in the latterin f-vor of the plaintiff in the sumof $70.71.Wednesday in the case cf BaldwinBros , grocers, against the city ofParis the jury gave a verdict of .$2,500for the plaintiffs. The business houseof his firm is located at the corner ofMain and S eventh streets, and it isclaimed that their stock of goods inthe cellar was damaged during a rainstorm, the sewer at that point not being adequate to carry off the surfacewater and their cellar being flooded.The city will take an appeal.IBut regardless of ali this, a man owes it to himself amifamily to wear the right kind of clothes, and' when you buyat this store you can appear well dressed and still not 'beextravagant.Our Suits and OvercoatsAT$15, $18, $20 and $25have no equal .when it comes to comparing style, qualityand price. If you haven't bought your Suit or Overcoat,come to our store now and slip into one of these hand-madehad- tailored Suits-and Overcoats.N8Mitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's StylesParis, Kentucky?13.70. IHume & Ward, of -Bourbon, sold6,925 pounds at an average of $13.65per hundred pounds.Terrill & Crouch, of Bourbon, old1,286 pounds for an average of $13.77per hundred pounds. iClay & Toohey, of Bourbon, sold3.990 pounds of tobacco at a generalaverage of $13.70 per hundred pounds.Hall & Lail, of Bourbon, sold 1,330pounds of tobacco for an average of13.23 per hundred pounds. iThe third sale of the week will beheld tomorrow when it is expected afull floor of tobacco will be offered. ,TUESDAY'S SALES.At the sales Tuesday a total of 52,045 pounds was sold for a total of-$6,321.77, or a general average of12.18 per hundred pounds. Thelow grade tobacco was more in evidence at the sale Tuesday than atany sale this season, the growers seeminclined to market their low gradesand hold to the good tobacco.Below will be found some of thecrop averages for the day:Claybrook & Craycraft, of Hutchison, sold 3,155 pounds at an averageof $15.88 per hundred pounds.Ward & Smith, of near Pans, sola5,420 pound at an average of $13.80per hundred pounds.Remy Kiser, of Bourbdn, sold 300pour 'Is at an average of $18.62 perhundred pounds.y "'-P?SSPrK v it wSAVE MONEY.LOW GRADES BRING GOODPRICES ON LOCAL MARKET"Unusual strength prevailed in themarket at the loose leaf sale of theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co. yesterday, when 65,455 pounds of tobacco were disposed of at the most satisfactory prices. Tips and lower gradeswere much in evidence, a conditionthat has characterized the sales sincethe market opened, and much of thetobaccpoffered yesterday was too softto exactly suit the buyers.The consignment at the warehouseyesterday contained several cropsfrom the counties of Harrison andNicholas, the growers being attractedby the extremely high prices the to-Wlien you buy why not buy thebest especially if it does not costany more? We are talking aboutMcDougalLKitchen Cabinets, the kindthat saves the steps.J. T. HINTON.CLARENCE LEBUS SUEDTO RECOVER BACK TAX.Clarence Lebus, president of theBurley Tobacco Society, was made defendant in a suit for back taxes filedin the Fayette County Court Wednesday by the Commonwealth of Kentucky through Walton yVf . Byars, ofLouisville, Revenue Agent for theState at larse, for the years of 1910,The plaintiff allegesm9B999m99999To-day we AnnounceReadiness forChristmas BusinessAnd in this Annoiincenjent WeDesire to Tell You that WeHave Prepared Wiselyand Well.n Our stock is superb our service complete andwe desire that you inspect arefully every .article ofinterest.We are displaying this year all that is newestand latest in the Jeweler's Art, and have combedthe markets carefully to select the cream of styles anddesigns.Especially large and varied is our stock of Diamond Mounted La Yalliers and Bar Pins, in platinum and gold, also a beautiful line of Misses' LaValliers in solid gold to sell for from $5 to $&.50.We are especially strong on Sterling Vanities,Card Cases and Mesh Bags, in plain, engravedand etched effects. Our Compartment Vanity Casesin Sterling Silver are the very latest in thin models,.-mil. 1912. The plamtili alleges inbacco was bringing on the local mar- his petition that Mr. Lebus owned Sep-, i , , . , N j. t i -loin onolr in t.hft StockKec, ana yesterdays saie was no ex-1 wmuei x, j-j-w, - 0t.: 4.1 i : i. : Uod "Ranlr and Trust Companv of S.uejJLiuu. iu cue luie, siute nie uyeumg ., v.j ii... - - - ,of the season.There were practically no rejections from either the buyers of theLouisville, and in the Williams-MillerStove and Range Company.Hash due bv the Burley Tobacco 2sellers. Some of the best everages of Society ?22,0UU, on deposit m uie uu- jthe sale yesterday were as follows:, ion Bank & Trust Company m Lex- m-.1..-1 TJ o r, o .ort J, I inatnn $.10 000 P.fl.Sll On deDOSlt .Wltllaverage $16.90. (persons other than banks $,uuu, casnUinVcnn JP, WViifo A CRC la fill flftnOSlt W1U1 IHB niUIl&UU VUUUUJ Waverage $12.77. ' ', Deposit Bank $5,000 and vehicles andAlbert Snapp, 1,815 pounds, aver- household effects valued at $2,500 orage, $13.32. a total of $93,600.wtm v. xtMKiw r aqk r,n,-,nAc o-.. The Detition alleges that Mr. Lebusi.uisu i. .uiuuit;, u.iuu iiuunuo, uiii inil lOlO .Trt1-ownea ior ine years xvj.j.-. oasive of the $22,000 owed him in 1910by the Burley Tobacco Society, thesame property, together with an additioal sum due him from the BurleyTobacco 5 Society, aggregating $94,000or a total sum for the two years ofURACiSL-ET WATCHES are now in full suay and ou will findhere all the newest styles and effects in solid gold, filled and leathers,fitted with, the best guaranteed movements in the market.We are jiow prepared to display our line offLADIES' HAND BAGS,which include the very latest designs from the East made to conform-with the latent dress costumes.We cordially invite one and all to call and inspect our Holidaystock. BUY EARLY and avoid the rush. Any article purchased ixwill be laid aside and held until Christmas at the desire of the-jJurchasjer.' "The House of Quality" .age $15.30.Plummer & McClure, 3,82X5 pounds,average $12.85.Griffith & Blackburn, 5,465 pounds,average $14.74.Baldwin & Co., 8,340 pounds, average $11.421 L Ci3rFor JewelrySliire C& Fithian,L imij HPjftfL "ITMr5 llwii.T M:i;,"5i' yl:.wfi . .'.'jmiour teJtfcmmHaley, 3,110 'pounds, Average f168'30 hich fas ent,irely miWed. - v -' sX: - form the tax assessment. 'fjrwTry1;z..- HJ3VjzwmV'VJsvt-1 -JL-rCf-t s't.:i4i 'v.THE BOURBON WWS, PARIS, KENTOCKYDECEMBER 5, 1913jiM.MlVnit.iiI::lNCW Directory. !S We are preparingjto issue a new Telephone Directory, which':tvwill go to press"about December 1st. The nameslof all subscribers1 whose contracts are received prior to that date will appear in thisfissue.We urge all prospective subscribers to order your TelephoneJrftc,in ordertoAService.USE OUR LONGhi Paris Rome Celepftone ana CeUgrapD Co.(Incorporated)GO SOUTH THIS WINTERGo where fair sHes, ideal weather, and outdoor enjoyment dispel allthought of winter's discomfort.WINTER TOURIST FARESNOW AVAILABLE VIA5WMMllMl1$llMITO ALL RESORTS OF THE SOUTHINCLUDING FLORIDA, NEW ORLEANS; PANAMA ANDf'LAND OF THE SKY.'!TICKETS ON SALE DAILY! LONG RETURN LIMIT;ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.EQUIPMENT, SERVICE AND SCENERY UNSURPASSED;utnriFor details consult anyH. C. K1HG, Passenger and Ticket Agent,I Bourbon&&& & -.y j-rcutDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Vest 5 StreetBourbonParas Kentucky1; a ca as? nciibuonji jivmi he fcsest inThe HigginllAU-MetalScreens.1 The HigginAU-Metalft Weather Strip!i Distributors of the WalgerJNewSScTVlodel AwningThe Best Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris Massie" Hospital, A.J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others.Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought now for future delivery are rmade atcents per square foot cherper.T. A. Hendricks,Sales AgentPhone 2585 Lexington, Ky.iiiIIsWhen you feel?zit-us, tired, worried or Respondent it is asure sign you need MOTTS NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal igor andaaake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott.Nerverine Pills g&SfflWILLIAMS MFG. CO.. Propi., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...Emery Supply Restricted.Tk world's supply of emery comesfrom Greek islands and from Asiailir meartfiyria. Importations intotit TJ&iUt States average J 2 59,030 aa-P7, f P'1-!TTTVI 'l W'iii'i mil lil'frilS 25-segt-tfreceive full benefit of the directoryLISTANGETicket Agent or write101 East Main SU Lexington; Ky.5 j? .5.5.5. ?wLaundryWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirt- yffwaists ox anything in the falnnnrlrv Hnf Tlint: is whn.v "made ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo- fine work and itdever goes buck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, yourcustomis thekind we want as we like toappreciateLaundry,eie World .2Nature's Kindness.Nature is very kind to a man. Bythe time he is shelved socially he isglad of it. Atchison Globe.We Have Met Them.Soste zau use sentiment and sympathy In t way that suggests grindingan ax cm a tombstone.Dally Thought.Tar man that loves and laughs mustsure do well. Pope.Cood in PvtrvthinnSerous lm stomas and goodin tr-ftrrrinjr.SBukMaAArahe Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of Con-t tinouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and 'Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Published Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. 1.00Payable in Advance.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in hlacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.Snake Put Town in Darkness.A 20-inch green snake put out allthe electric lights in the town of Mullins, S. C In the morning linemen.found it tangled in some wires on aJpole. It had crawled to the top otthe pole and coming in contact withthe wires forced a short circuit, putout the lights ahd incidently died.About Stamps.Do not lick stamps. The best wayis to moisten the envelope and not thestamp. When stamps stick together,do not soak them apart, but lay themon a smooth surface with a thin paperover them. This separates withoutdestroying the gum.Altogether Too Successful.Quizzer "What's the matter, oldman? You look worried." Sizzer"I have cause to. I hired a man totrace my pedigree. Quizzer 'Well,what's the trouble? Hasn't he beensuccessful?" Sizzer "Successful! Ishould say he has! I'm paying himhush-money." Judge.Lie Is a Compliment.I have an abiding faith that a falsehood never hurts anyone but him whopropagates it. It is also my conviction that no man can pay a muchgreater homage to another than todeliberately misrepresent him. It isa cowardly confession of weaknessand of inferiority. John Bigelow, in"Retrospections of an Active Life."Famous Paragraph by a Cynic.Zapata, having received no response, began preaching simply ofGod. He taught people of the fatherof mankind, the rewarder, the punisher and pardoner. He separated truthfrom falsehood and religion from fanaticism. He taught any practicedvirtue. He was gentle, kind heartedand modest, and was burned at thestake at Valladolid in the year of ourLord, 1G51. Voltaire.Dreaming to Order.tDreams can be made to order by out3iders, but not by the dreamer. Yell'Fire!" in the ear of a sound sleeperDr allow a sudden draft of cold air toplay on the back of his neck and hewill dream to crder, but he can't go to3leep with his mind made up to dreamot any certain thing and then actuallydream of it. In spite of this fact, booksare sold in Europe which tell what onemust do in order to dream the luckynumber in the lottery.What He Would Do.A young lady visiting her relationson a farm went out in the yard towatch her young cousin play witha cli'iffTsn. Watching him for sometime 5&e asked him: "Willie, if thatchicken were to lay an egg whatwould you do with it?" He looked upsurprised, then said: "Oh, I'd sell Itto a museum. That chicken's a rooster." 1Imagination in Dreamland.A man who awake is most prosaic,whose mind is commonplace, who isdtterly unable to invent a story orwrite a drama, will asleep have themost (jastonishing flights of imagination. 'He imagines a story. Hepeoples it with players, men, womenand animals, and each one of themeven the animals at times speaks hispart as perfectly as if he actually werealive.Reasonably Sure.The only thing you can tell aboutyoung girl is that when she is fiftyyears old she will look a great deal asher mother looks now. PhiladelphiaLedgr.' Milk and Music.It is a little known fact that thamost delightful music at the presentday is produced by playing on milk.Th supply of ivory nowadays doesnot to a great extent meet the demand. Strange as it may sound, skimmilk forms a substitute. It is usedfor making; the keyboards of pianos,and in. appearance this hardened sub-fUnco Ia hara-Uy tinruishable fro!" . .RODENTS ENGASHScotchman Harnessed MiciMads Them' Spin.andProfits Were Three Cents a WeekWonderful Scheme That FailedBecause of the Death ofk Its Projector.Edinburgh, Scotland. To an ingenious Scotchman goes the credit of being the first person to harness amouse and make him a money earningfactor. He was David Hutton, a native of Dunfermline, and his unexpected death alone prevented him liomcarrying out his experiments on amuch larger scale.Hutton erected a small mill at Dunfermline in 1820 and began the spinning of thread. Just how he made useof the small rodents is set forth in apamphlet called "Curiosity CoffeeRoom.""In the summer of 1S12," he wrote,"I had occasion to be in Perth, andwhen inspecting the toys and trinketsthat were manufactured by the Frenchprisoners in the depot there my attention was involuntarily attracted by alittle toy house with a wheel in thegable of it that was running rapidlyaround, impelled by the gravity of acommon house mouse."For one shilling I purchased thehouse, mouse and wheel. Inclosing itin a handkerchief, on my journeyhomeward I was compelled to contemplate its favorite amusement."But how to apply half ounce power(which is the weight of a mouse) to auseful purpose was the difficulty. Atlength the manufacture of sewingthread seemed the most practicable."Though Mr. Hutton proved that anordinary mouse would average a runof ten and a half miles a day, he had'one mouse which ran the remarkabledistance of 18 miles in that time.A half-penny's worth of oatmeal wassufficient for its food for 35 days, during which time it ran 362 miles. Hekept two mice constantly engaged inthe making of sewing thread for morethan a year.This thread mill was soon constructed that the mouse was able to twisttwine and 1 eel from 100 to 200 threadsa day, Sundays not excepted. To per-form this task It had to run ten and j passages ot the kidney secretionsa half miles a day, which it did with were painful. I had backaches, too.perfect ease every other day. U ed much medicine, but was notOn the half-penny's orth of oat- Rented until I took Doan's Kidney: " . i , , ! 0 Pills. Ihey soon made me feel betmeal, which lasted for five weeks, one j ter and stronerof these little mice made 3,350 threads j Mr Holleran is only one of many25 inches long, and as a penny was i paris people who have gratefully enpaid to women for every hank made dorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. If yourin the ordinary way, the mouse at that j back aches if your kidneys botherrate earned 18 cents every six weeks, j you, don't simply ask for a kidneyMi.; ,.. i.o,.,i nn,i fm m o,.ii in. ' remedy ask distinctly for Doan'sery there was a clear yearly profitfiom each mouse of $1.50.It was Mr. Button's intention to apply for the loan of the Dumferlinecathedral, which was empty, where he jplanned to set un 10.000 mouse mills ,and still leave room for the keepersand several hundreds of spectators;but this wonderful project was never jcarried out uecause oi me mveuiur asudden death.GIRL IN COFFIN 2,500 YEARSCasket Found in Switzerland ContainsBody of Young Woman Buried600 B. C.Geneva, Switzerland. An interesting archaeological discovery has beenmade which is puzzling Swiss scientists, "who intend to consult Americanand English experts about it. Whileexcavating at Neuchatel, workmenfound a bronze coffin at a depth of tenfeet. Within the coffin a ere the bonesand skin of the mummified body of ayoung woman. On one of her wristswere four bronze bracelets and two ofa substance which resembles lignite.By her side lay a little bronze bell.Swiss scientists have traced thesravfi to GOO B. C. but believe it isolder. They cannot account for a fash-ionable beauty of the bronze age finding her last sleeping place at NeuchateL SON KILLS FATHER IN DUEbFight With Knives While Girl, Causeof Trouble, Watches the BloodyConflict.Paris. A fatal duel between a father and son named Blanchard livingnear Aubusson began in rivalry forthe heart of a pretty farmhand. Theson "Jean Lelong, was jealous of hisfather, who had won the girl's affections, so the two men agreed to fight.Six revolver shots were exchanged,without result. They resumed thelight with kitchen knives, while thegirl watched the fight without interfering. The, father received terrible wounds,dying soon afterward.To Learn Parents' Tongue.Astoria, Ore. While eager that theirchildren shall master the Englishlanguage and all that is to be learnedin the English schools, the localChinese do not care to have their children grow up totally ignorant of thelanguage, history and folklore of theirforefathers, and in order to preventthis they have converted a former3osshouse into a schoolroom, whichwill be placed in charge of a competent instructbr, who will arrive fromSan Fransico within the next fewdays.It is expected that the school will heattended 1y at least 50 children between the ages of four and twelveyears.5IF CHILD IS CROSS,FEVERISH AND SICKLook, Mother!. If Tolgue is 'CoatedG've "California Syrup of Figs."Children love this "fruit laxative"and nothing else cleanses the tenderstomach, liver and bowels so' nicely.A child simply will not stop playing to empty the bowels, and the result is, they become tightly cloggedwith waste, liver gets sluggish, stomach sours, then your little one becomes cross, half-sick, feverish, don'teat, sleep or act naturally, breath isbad, system is full of cold, has sorethroat, stomach-ache or diarrhoea.Listen, Mother! See if tongue iscoated, then give a teaspoonful of''California Syrup of Figs," and in afew hours all the constipated waste,sour bile and undigested food passesout of the system, and you have awell, playful child again.Millions of mothers give "California Syrup of Figs" because it isharmless; children love it, and neverfails to act on the stomach, liver andbowels.Ask your druggist for a 50-centbottle of "California Syrup of Figs,"which has full directions for babies,children of all ages, and for grown-upsplainly printed on the bottle. Getthe genuine, made by the "CaliforniaFig Syrup Company." Refuse anyother kind with contempt.. - (adv)Few See Things as They Are.The mass of mankind will nevehave any ardent zeal for seeing thingsas they-' are; very inadequate ideawill always satisfy them. On theseinadequate ideas will always repose,and must repose, the general practiceof the world. That is as much assaying that whoever sets himself tosee things as they are will find him- ;self one of a very small circle; butit Is only by this small circle resolutely doing its own work that adequate ideas will ever get current atalL Matthew Arnold.ONLY ONE "BEST."ParisPeople Give CreditCredit is Due.WherePeople of Paris who suffer withweak kidneys and bad backs, want akidney remedy that can be dependedupon. Doan's Kidney Pills is a medicine for the kidneys only, and onethat is backed by willing testimonyof Paris people. Here's a case;M. Holleran, 200 W. Seventh street,Paris, Ky., says: "Sometines theKidney Pills, the same that Mr. Holleran had the remedy, backed byhome testimony. 50c. at all stores.Props., Buff alo,'Foster-Milburn Co.New York. "WhenYour Back isLame, Remember the Name."(adv)Land Titles in Virginia.The United States governmentnever owned public lands in Virginia,there never was a land office in thatstate, and, of course, do lease or saleof public lands there. Land titles inall of the thirteen" original states, including Virginia, traced back to proprietors or grantees direct from theBritish crown. Our present publicland system was not introduced untilafter the establishment of the government, and the first surveys andnalnn rt miUliA lnrlf - A VM AniAn 1ftrtoaiea ui yuujii; lauus xu. xvi-uci .nja. hcic tin the present states of Ohio and Indiana. CROUP AND COUGH REMEDYCroup is a terrible disease; itattacks children so suddenly they arevery apt to choke unless given the iproper remedy at once. There isnothing better in the world than Dr.King's New Discovery. Lewis Chamberlain, of Manchester, O., writesabout his children: "Sometimes insevere attacks we were afraid thevwouia die, but since we proved whata certain remedy Dr. King's New Discovery is, we have no fear. We canrely on it for croup, coughs, andcolds." So can you. 50c. and $1.00.A bottle should be in every home.At all druggists. H. E. Bucklen &Co., Philadelphia, St. Louis.(Dec.) (adv)Critics, Take Notice.Great writers cantingly criticised bysmall writers of whom Dr. Parr mightbe happy to say, that they have profundity without obscurity perspicuity without prolixity ornament without glare terseness without barrenness penetration without subtletycomprehensiveness without digressionand a great number of other thingswithout a great number of otherthings. Sydney Smith."QUESTIONS OF LIFE"Are fully and properly answered inThe People's Common Sense MedicalAdviser by It. V. Pierce, M. D. As aresult of knowing the laws of healthand nature, happy marriages are sureto follow. Ignorance leads to miseryand ill-health. All the knowledge ayoung man or woman, wife or daughter should have, is contained in thisbig Home Doctor Book, containing1008 pages with engravings and colored plates, and bound in cloth,(near-y 700,000 copies formerly soldfor $1.50 each) is sent free to anyonesending 31 one-cent stamps to prepaycost of wrapping and postage. Thereare no conditions to this offer and the'reader must not associate this bookwith the advertising pamphlets prepared by quacks throughout thecountry. Address 662 WashingtonSt., Buffalo, New York., , (adr)WVbBPJftWrt-ihe?amp Oil thatcaves Eves. of ncr 1? mnrn important in the,"' ';Miincieir. steady light. InsureItiH ' - jrettiMsr the oil that burnselev wl oi.-in without a AlcVerCC7ri to f 1 it dmp. Pennsylvaniat"-iKl nil Tefiw a to perfection.C -. m mo ?- than the inferioi?1,V',n mU Tes !IO.EY-save3Your dealt-r lus" SOLITE OIL inDirrels direct from our v. orks.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, 'Ay.Hetiaerj at Warren, Pa.VTc !j!I tjo celebrated "No Carb"A 'to O L$&EmBg3EB&B8Wa3E&&Love in a Hickory-nut.A. hickory-nut is named, thencracked. If the kernel is withered,love has grown cold; if it is broken,the loved one is untrue; if it comesout whole, all Is well.CURED OF LIVER COMPLAINT-'I was suffering with livercomPoint plaint," says Iva Smith, ofBlank, Texas, "and decided to try a25c box of Chamberlain's Tablets,and am happy to say that I am completely cured and can recommendthem to every one." For sale by alldealers.(Dec) (adv)They Take Mo Chances.The Chinese blacksmith thinks agreat deal of his anatomy, when shoeing horses, which are not numerousIn China. He is so skittish in doinga job of shoeing and so dubious abouthandling the hoofs of the animal, that,when shoeing is required, the horse isstrung up with ropes in such a manner as to prevent kicking. No exceptions are made, even though thehorse be a scrawny street plug of advanced age.CERTAIN CURE FORNERVOUSDEBILITY.Tona Vita Overcomes the Trouble inA Few Weeks' Time.There is a remedy that is absolutely certain to build up those suffpriner from a run down condition.i This remedy is considered the mostsuccessful medicine ever sold to theTMiKiio in this nountrv. It is calledTona Vita and it is fast becoming anational tonic, endorsed by physicians everywhere.If you are debilitated, tire easily,have little strength or ambition andare nervous and depressed, get bottleof Tona Vita at once. You will bedelighted to feel your old health andstrength returning in a few days vtime. If you have lost flesh, noteyour weight before taking and thenget on the scales a week later. Youwill be astonished.Tona Vita is sold by Chas. E. Butler & Co. (advChangeable ClimateIS A CONSTANT THREAT TO THEHEALTH OF THE PEOPLE,Dr. Hartman, of Columbus, Ohio,discusses an important health topic.He says: 'Yes, it is the climate, not the germs,that we have to fear in this country.The germs are present, to be sure,and are of some significance in:diagnosis. Climate, a changeableclimate, is the true cause of disease.The atmospheric pressure varies, thehumidity of the atmosphere change3.Every day the temperature rises andfalls. All this presents to the bodyvery great trials to adjust to.The area of high pressure forms idthe northwest. Moves rapidly southeast, subjecting1 millions of ourpopulation to its influence. The result is, thousands upon thousands ofpeople catch cold. A small per cent:of these thousands do not get well oftheir cold. It goes into pneumonia .or chronic catarrh, or bronchitis, orlaryngitis, or pleurisy.Now, what I am getting at is this.'These climatic changes are inevitableNo one can prevent them. The verybest we can do is to prepare for"them, defend ourselves against them.Good health is the best preventive.The very best. Vigorous health, withexcess vitality, this is Nature's ownpreventive and 'protection.We do not all have this, however.Some of us must have assistanceThe assistance that I use lor myself,would recommend fon my friends touse, my neighbors and my countrymen, is Pe-ru-na. Keep Pe-ru-nainTthe house. 'If the children indicate they aracatching cold, give them Pe-ru-na,If the parents, the grandfather orgrandmother, present those symptomathat are so well known which precedea cold, a few doses of Pe-ru-na andthe deed is done.Some people are very subject tocolds. Others who have weak lungsand are timid about our winterweather, take Pe-ru-na off and oaduring the whole winter season, iThe-plan is a good one. The medicineis inexpensive. It does no possibleharm, to the system. It keeps theappetite regular and keen. It a-lists disraatieti nri hln8 tlw umm-throua-h the inolement weather oW5s!&I"5vAmVKY, DECEMBER V IMStannfmrm?mf!fB:Job PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Bone Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!A.VSSS:ffl Mi. fP"TRE JQB RSOfflS Of' - 'THEHRB0NBNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us' figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.-Our type is new and modernfaces.Cfte Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.fcanmaiiaurtHEALS ITCHY ECZEMA.DR. HOBSON'S OINTMENTThe constantly itching, "burningsensation and other disagreeabletorms of eczema, tetter., salt rheum,;and skin eruptions promptly curedby Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment.Geo. W.. Pitch, of Mendota, 111., says:"I purchased a box of Dr. Hobson'sEczema Ointment. Have had eczema ever since the civil war, havebeen treated by many doctors, butnone have given the benefit that onebox of Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment has." Every sufferer shouldtry it. We're so positive it will helpyou we guarantee it or money refunded. At all druggists or by mail.50 cents.Pfeiffer Chemical Co., Philadelphia& St. Louis. (adv.)(Dec.)ii; linyM! f fii I iiivBest of Friends."Are you good friends of theBrowns?" "I should think so. We takecare of their canary, bulldog and goldfish while they're away on their vacation."FIT HIS CASE EXACTLY."When father was sick about sixyears ago he read an advertisementof Chamberlain's Tablets in the papers that fit his case exactly," writesMiss Margaret Campbell, of Ft.Smith, Ark. "He purchased a box ofthem and he has not been sick since.My sister had stomach trouble andwas also benefited by them." Eorsale by all dealers.(Dec) (adv), Alcoholic Sentiment.The singing souse is a nuisance, buthe has it all over the jag who weepsall over the bar when he realizes howmuch he loves his Dear Old Mother.Cincinnati Enquirer.BEAUTIFUL PICTURES.An elegant line of handsome pictures just received. They makebeautiful gifts. Our specialty isframing photos. See our mouldings.27-tf) PARIS BOOK STORE.Brown Eyes.Brown eyes are indications of deepfeeling and quick susceptibility to individuals of the other sex. They usually mean liberality of feeling, a warm,clinging nature and a freedom fromPuritanical prudery.Suspicious."So you refuse to patronize thatChinese laundryman." "Yes. Thethings he wrote on the piece of paperhe handed me may be complimentary,but they didn't look it."STOMACH TROUBLES DISAPPEAR'Stomach, liver and kidney troubles,weak nerves, lame back and femaleills disappear when Electric Bittersare used. Thousands of womenwould not be without a bottle in theirhome. Eliza Pool, of Depew, Okla.,writes: "Electric Bitters raised mefrom a bed of sickness and sufferingand has done me a world of good. Iwish every suffering woman couldused this excelllent remedy and findout, as I did, just how good it is."As it has helped thousands of others,it surely will do the same for you.Every bottle guaranteed, -50c. andSl.OO.At all druggists. H. E. Bucklen& Co., Philadelphia or St. Louis.(adv)(Dec.)FISHES F8RSPrince Albert FrederickSport in Newfoundland.HasKing George's Second Son Is Provided With Special Train YoungRoyal Sailor and CompanionsEnjoy Days in Wilderness.St John's, N. F. The visit ofPrince Albert Frederick, second sonof King George, who is a cadet aboardH. M. S. Cumberland, has ended, andthe prince himself, Capt. AubreySmith, the commander of the warship, and his officers all unite in saying that it was a most pleasant feature of her six months' cruise. Aweek was spent on the west coast ofNewfoundland in the best salmon fishing section at a period which, if alittle too early for the best sport,nevertheless assured them of a reasonable measure of success; andfour days were passed in St. John's,where a round of festivities was carried out which made an agreeablefinale to the cruiser's voyage, as shestarted from here direct for England.In conversation his royal highnessdeclared that he had spent a verypleasant time in Newfoundland andthat he looked forward to some futureday when, in the course of his duty,it would be possible for him to engagein the sport of salmon fishing, whichhis father had enjoyed with such relish thirty years ago. The prince is akeen fisherman and entered into thesport with the greatest zest.The ship arrived at St. George's onFriday, June 20, and after doing sometarget practice in the bay came toanchor in the afternoon. The nextmorning Capt. Smith and some of theofficers and the prince and his twochums among the cadets landed andfound awaiting them a special traincomposed of a private car, a diningcar and a baggage car. H. D. Reid,vice-president and. assistant generalmanager of the railroad company, waspresent to act as host, while Dr.Mitchell of St. John's, a keen sportsman, was also with the train to assistin the entertainment of the jtvarshippeople.Until -the following Thursday thistrain was entirely at the disposal ofCapt. Smith and his officers. Theprince and his two comrades remainedashore from Saturday morning untilMonday night and ate and slept in thesleeping car Aith the others. Capt.Smith remained with Mr. Reid untilChildren and Their Pets.Never give a child any pet and letthings "sort themselves out." It isfutile to think childien can managepets by their own instinct; they mustbe taught how to do things in theright way.THE ART SHOP.The women folk are already doingtheir fancy work for Christmas. Iam selling linens of all kinds, doingstamping on exquisite designs, andhve lots of fancy work noveltiessuitable for Christmas gifts. I wouldappreciate a call from all the ladieswho are interested in my line ofwork.(25-tf) MRS. W. E. BOARD.Cemetery Advertisement.Advertising a cemetery is somethingnot generally encountered, but this recently has occurred at Sydney, N. S.Wales, Australia. A newspaper advertised a local cemetery as"commanding so beautiful a viewof the bay that people who havetried it cannot be persuaded to goelsewhere."A Rl " J' A-06- ""- vStom&cirWeak? '. . W?' ,$???Liver Lasy?Nervous ?day, cAeotday sufTermst when aTis at band so convenient andat "so little costDr, Pierce's Goldenm$FMmmMeSJiscoveryars u gestion and purifies the blood. As a consequence bothth d' rnach and liver return to their normal and healthy condition.Iszi v.a.avss and bihcusnes3 soon disappear. The entire systemtakes nev life.For over forty years this famous old medicinehas "made good" and nevermore so than today,enjoying a greater sale all over the "world thanany other doctor's prescription.Fop cale at all druggists in liquid or tablet form, cryou can fiend fifty Ic stamps for trial bos. Addressuk. C V. FIERCE, BUFFALO, N. Y.s&mmmiftWiftm3B2WAASK THE FARMER1.2.3.who has one, what wonders the Cumberland Tel Jephone works for him. He will reply: fSells My Products 4. Protects the HomeGets Best Prices 5. Uelps the HousewifeBrings Supplies 6. Increases ProfitsI. Pays For Itself Over and OverlapSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet. " & uw - jFor information, call manager. WiB&Phx r.-mt i i'm -Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.SSSZdSSdm-SSSym3ggffi. Longfellow or Tennyson could take a worthless sheet of paper, write a poem on tt and make itworth $50,000. That is GeniusJ: P. Morgan couldjliave signed his name to achech and amke the little bit j of i paper worth$100,000,000. .. .. r - J-Thatlis CapitalXsCSfECjCCONSTIPATION POISONS YOU.If you are constipated, your entiresystem is poisoned by the waste matter in the body serious results oftenfollow. Use Dr. King's New LifePills and you will soon get rid of constipation, headache and other troubles. 25c. at, druggists or by mail.H. B. Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia& St. Louis. (adv)(Dec.)Scratched40 YearstTiAi nun! All Itching Gone Il -This is the actual experience of AnnoIProman. Santa Rosa. Cal., with the wonderful D. D. D. Prescription.r. D. D. is the proven Eczema Curethe mild wash that gives instant reliefin all forms of skin trouble.Cleanses the skin of all lmDuritieswashes away blotches and pimples,3eaving the skin as smooth and healthyas that of a child.Get a 50c bottle of this wonderfulEczema Cure today andkeep it In thebouse.We know that D. I. Tf. will do all thatU claimed for itC. E. BUTLER & CO.Frlnce Albert Frederick.the ship was ready to sail, while theofficers aboard got a day or two'sleave in turn and made the most ofIhe opportunity.The train, which spent each night) at St. George's so that Capt. Smithmight be within touch of his ship,started out every morning with parties of officers and dropped them atthe most likely pools within a radiusof seventy-five miles, picking them up'again in the evening on its return, andwithin the section in which it operated are some of the very finest salmon fishing streams in the whole island. Those who were on board werethus able to enjoy all the advantagesof such an excursion without havingto suffer any of the discomforts andinconveniences which camping out involves, for the train took the place ofcamp, and as it carried a telegraphoperator it was possible to "cut in"on the wire atvany point if occasiondemanded. Capt. Smith secured somefine salmon, and the. officers, thoughtheir opportunities were briefer, likewise derived much pleasure from theoutings..The captain is of opinion that Newfoundland is a fine salmon fishingcountry, and moreover emphasizes thatit is about the only part of the worldwhere salmon fishing is now free, because on the Gaspe coast of Quebecprovince, where he had two days' fishing while the ship was at Quebec, allthe rivers are protected and are owned by Montreal millionaires.A mo'haTiir't "stii fabo matavial Arrf4-h SK Oiland make watch springs jworth $1 ,000..-ss ---& n'-J '!- That is SkillIf you buyi"FOXiRIDGE COAL" from DOD-SON & DENTON --That is Good SenseShow your goodsense by taking up the matterNOW. "Dodson & DentonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Both Phones 140feSStffeS'W&SfeHSfiifsiL.N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trains .A.rrrv",NNO. Ja'JXU.U T -34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5:21am'-134. Lexington, Ky., Daily 5:18 am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y .7:35 anv'7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday...- 7:3Samk10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45-ant.40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:42 am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily 9:38 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10:20 am.12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily ,... 10:24am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. 3:10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 3 : 15 pm138 Lexington, Ky., Daily M 3:33 pniCS Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:30 pm-5 Maysville, Ky., Daily .' 5:35"pmJ39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday , - 5:50 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily b:l8pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily ., 6:23 pm, p31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pm JTrains XDe-psirt "-No. TO , - , .,34 Cincinnati, O., Daily 5:28 amt,4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Excfept Sunday 5:35 amr7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:47 am?40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7: 50 am? -29 Lexington, Ky., Daily.. y 9:43ram37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9:45 antf33 Jacksonville; 'Fla., Daily ' 10:29wam133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:27 am-- 6 Maysville, Ky., Daily 12:05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:04 am13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:33 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3:40 om9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 1 ... 5:56pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily - ,. 6:28.pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .' 6:25tpm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6: 4,pm31 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:55pm131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily . . 10:57m"Battle of Lake" Not Given.Chicago. The "Battle o the Lake,"wjtiich was to have been among thestar features of the centennial celebration of Oliver Hazard Perry's victory on Lake Erie, was not preaented.Miss Katherine Brown of New York,author of the scenario, quit the jobof trying to stage it, claiming that allthe actors got most beautifully drunk,one of them so drunk that he playfullyheaved a beer bottle (an empty one)right at her head.No.24No.- 1JL nCX -E "HTrains Jjrief& : rFrankfort, Kr., Daily Except Sunday 7:.4jM,n ;Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:50jpn,-TO - -&'?'Frankkfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday - ;,3ant-Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. ;...v..n6:25pmwJvi-. ' iV .' " f - c JfnaW.-v'4.fcJi4'.-f'K , -' wc3-'&T-t "' ,s ,,, $r .-7 - .-3 : -- - ?j - -v :.a ' . Kr.it. -- ""ajr... ... " j.iC . , .-, i. :. . i . ;" - w. i"i TirfHst, i r :. 4. i. . n-Bsasi.-rr-r . . tw mx. y - vV! f - .- ....... E ' -VU 1W VWKRiMM" ' ' ' "''PIW,CTwrameFjespirfSlg'Ss.WJPr'f&9ZrSTTry' ?aJHE BOURBON NEVS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 5, 1913-rrlDiEXTRA SPECIALLrate DasQ loi Lilly!REMEMBER IRE DATE,SaturdayDec. 6th.a., Cs)JL J&.CT3G .The Shooting of Stanford White !Life of Evelyn Nesbit Thaw!The Flight From cTWatteawari!3 Reels - - 3.000 FeetItJOne-Night Only ,rsion'A OCtLtJL ViCtJT 5 Lrww xrL.i?JJM-!Ll"-HR CBIBIHB tfllBPVHnP SaflHBcaBP flTffaw'slensItespedrandAdmlsGents. If-Si? -pjIrir.B f!if is'Att'I:'i-ttI'i "&I:-KfcrJ'L,Tlie Shew of iJLSLtyAt PARIS GRANDONE WEEK, COOMMEINCINGMonday Night, December 8tharpy- ii a- - v.&prr vMHWiCTANMnNSSUP P LEVER . : iMyF UOMEDY fTHEATRICALThe Paris Grand."The Final Settlement" presents apicture of social and business life.Each character acts as though transplanted from life to the boards of thestage. The rise of a brilliant youngforemen from a position of obscurityto the presidency of a great steeltrust is shown. His suddenly acquired power to the allure,ments of life inthe social set to which he is placedturn liis head and cause him to renounce his wife.Through the wiles of business a"s.sociates he is persuaded to get a di-Encluding The Gever Young Commedeanv Harry Shannon, Jr.Elegant Special Scenery, Gorgeous Gowns and Hats.Opening play, "A RECEIPT IN FULL.' a great ComedyDrama.. N. B. This is not "Paid In Full," as the title might indicate,but a new Comedy Drama.'9H&" 'ijy5',' '1 - $p$iand ruined. He is arrested for violating the anti-trust law. The play ispowerful in its working out, and isstricly a modern story.This play will be presented by theShannon Stock Company during theirengagement at the Paris Grand, whichcommences Monday, Dec. 8.(adv)NORTH CAROLINA CONVICTHELD IN THE PARIS JAILtf"--Ladies Free Monday night, when accompanied by a paid i clever Young comedian with simnon30 cent ticket. Seats now selling at Mitchell &' Blakemore's. ' stock Compny, at Paris Grand ahNext 'Week.naaEKGasBmamcermLostDouble-barrel, hammerrless shotgun. in leather case. Lost on High.between 4th and 12th streets. Finder jreturn to News office and get reward.For Rent,frorce and marry a beautiful young' actress, believing that her talents"and charm will enable him to secureFarm of 100 acres, located on the 'the position in social life ami leaderWinchester pike. Cash rent. In- ship which he so greatly desires. Hequire of j speculates wildly and overreachesHUME PAYNE, t himself in trying to gain wealth and2-3t Paris, Ky. power, and is ultimately gisgracedThe Alamo TheatreFriday The Lubin Company presents "The Clod'," in two reels, afearful and most dramatic episode ofthe Mexican Revolution.A story thatshows a new angle on the horror ofwar. "Wanted A Plumber" and"Too Many Cops," two Xalem comedies, featuring Mr. John E. 'Brennan.Miss Buena Atkinson is singing.Saturday "Ann of the -Trails,"aVitagraph Western drama, featuringAnne Shaefer and George Stanley."The Medal of Honor" a melodramatic fireman story, with a punch. "TheCaptivating Widow" -and "Mike, theTimid Cop," two Kalem comedies,with John E. Brennan, Ruth Rolandand Dick Coburn. X'Miss Buene Atkinson is singing.Tuesdy, Dqc. 9 Daniel Frohmanpresents Mrs. Fiske, in "Tess of theD'Urbervilles," a tender portrayal ofa woman's sorrows. On account ofthis being a very long subject the firstshow will start promptly at oneo'clock p. m., and we will run continuously until 10:30 p. m.To avoid thebig rush at night we advise all whocan to come in the afternoon.' Threwill be no raise in price. (adv)Will Lee, alias Will Garland, a ne-gro, alleged murderer and highwayman, was arrested yestreday by Chiefof Police McCord, in Winchester onj.advice received from the Paris policeJ and Patrolman Fred Link of he local,' department, went to that city yesterday returned with him yesterday af-'ternoon and lodged him in the Parisjail.Lee, who is wanted by the authorities of Marion, North Carolina, hasfbeen in this section for sveral months,and Patrolman Link Tuesda received a telegram from Deputy Sheriff J.Ray, of that city, to that effect.Learning of the negro's whereaboutsthe officer went in seach of him butfound he had gone to Winchester.He telephoned the authorities in thatcity to be on the lookout for him and'left for Winchester yesteday morning.Lee was serving a sentence in aNorth Carolina prison whn he attempted to escape and was shot in'the back. Later hje eluded the offi! cers and has since been at large. The' scar caused by the bullet wound in the'back was one of the marks by whichhe was identified.The North Carolina authorities have'been notified that the negro is being'held in custody here and are expectedto arrive in a few days to return himto that State.The Columbia Theatre.Special feature today, "Exoneration," (Domino), in two parts. Athrilling drama of Puritan days; stirring situations and a massive production. "Schultz the Tailor," Keystonecomedy, with Fod Starling. Mr.Reed will be heard in a new song.(adv)FOR THE CHILDREN,We are showing the most durableline of school shoes for boys andgirls that were ever brought to Paris.They are not xough, heavy goods,but neat and showy, and will weartwice as long or longer than anyother shoe made.(25-tf) GEO. McWILLIAMS.TUMBLER SALESTOGK UNO FARM NOTESHarris & Speakes, real esat&agents, of this city, sold Tuesday, forJohn Cannaday, to N. H. Rankin, ofCarlisle his farm located on the Paris& Maysville pike, "in the edge of Millersburg, for about ?4,000. The placecontains thirteen acres. Mr. Rankin:bought the farm as an investment.Madison County Court The Richmond Climax reports the Madison,county court as follows: "Notwithstanding the inclement weather ofMonday morning and the activity ofmany farmers who are busily engagedin stripping tobacco, a fairly large:crowd came to town to attend countycourt. An unusually large supply ofstock of all kinds was on the marketand prices in most cases were satisfactory. About 1,200 cattle were reported at the Madison Stock Yards,,with prices ranging from 3.50 to1 $7per cwt. Everything was fairly weltsold by Tuesday morning. The horsemarket was quite active and quite anumber changed hands at good pricesTen good horses were sold to shippers at $150 to $200. Few mules onthe market, with ready sale for good'stock at $175. to $225. Very littledemand for suckling mules and theybrought good prices."ALL TALKING ABOUT ITNineteen different patters;' rich,deep cut tumblers, including RockCrystals, 50c. each.(2-2t) ' FORD & CO.CHRISTMAS WHISKIES.Ford & Co.'s the place they are alltalking about getting that beautiful,,useful holiday gift. - (2-2t)CHRISTMAS WHISKIESThe famous Wigglesworth whiskey,3 years old, only $2.00 per gallon.Eight-year-old Sam Clay, in fullquart bottles, only $1.00' per quart.(5-5t) JOHN JOHNSON.NEW ORLEANS MOLASSESFresh barrel of fine New OrleansMolasses just opened. Order today,if you want any.C. P. COOK & CO.The famous Wigglesworth whiskeyv3 years old, only $2.00- per gallon.Eight-year-old Sam Clay, in fullquart bottles, only $1.00 per quart.(5-5t) JOHN JOHNSON.SWEET GRASS BASKETS.We have a most beautiful line of"sweet grass,, baskets. All sizes and?shapes and colors. They make the?prettiest work baskets you could get.Also large stock of novel syles in,waste backets. Call in and see them..(21-tf) PARIS BOOK STORE.- - . ;!jCt69Cf303Cffl83SCeCSEXTRA ORDINAR Y VAL UMS 'INNSUITSDRESSESAND CLOAKS!$45.00 Suits now $29.7535.00 Suits now 24.7525.00 Suits now -1 9.7520.00 Suits now 15.00ALTERATIONS TREE.$ 1 5.00 Dresses now r. $9.95H 2.50 Dresses now 7.951 0.OO Dresses now 6.957.50 Dresses now .- 4.95Alterations Free on $7.95 and $9.95 Dresses.SPECIAL VALUES IN CLOAKSat $4.95, $7.50, $8.75, $10.00,$12.50 and up to $25.00Silk and Evening Dresses Ail Reduced in Price.Millinery at Closing Out Prices. Trimmed Hats at $2.50, $3.50 and $5.00.BOLLS AND TOYS ! We will open Doll and Toy Department Monday, Dec. 1st. Bring in the childrem; allare welcome, whether purchasers or not.The most complete display-of popular priced CHRISTMAS NOVELTIES in Central Kentucky. Come inland, ., look around. We want your trade. v 'I HAN IV&COMPANYParis, Kentucky.i'.tr jaJLxt'.'Z.ft joK- 1 1Vr r :S5:4;$13i',feJ2? DailyTt '?tjCourier-i V'A'l-Vt".ATia:siii.ED2?ioDURINGDECEMBERJANUARYFEBRUARYThe BourDon Newshas made special arrangement whereby the DailyCourier-Journal can be furnished one year for"$3.00, six months $1 .75, by mail (Sunday not included) to "all patrons who will give their orders tous during the months named above. Better still,you can have the Daily Courier-Journal and theBourbon Newslone year eachFor OnlyAfter February 28, 1914, the price of the DailyCourier-Journal alone is $6.00 a year. Take advantage of this, special Bargain Offer at once andREDUCE THE HIGH COST NF LIVING.To Get Advantage of This Cut RateOrders Must Be Sent Us, Noto the Courier-Journal.$5The American Visible Typewriter.. aVv,grea't innovation inIdeal for Home Use or a Smaff Business Correspondence.For over twenty we have been manufacturing strictly high grade, durable,low-priced typewriters, aud this typewriter represents the results these years ofexperience The American Visible Typewriter stands today absolutely alone inthis field. 'The Ideal Home Typewriter.IMPORTANT POINTS OF THE AMERICAM VISIBLE TYPEWRITER.1st All writing is visible., ' ?,i.Tt will handle-a small private or business correspondence.3d So simple in construction that a child can operate it without an instructor.Full directions with each machine. . v4th Finish-handsome black enamel with gold lettering, base-1xard ma-' S"h Portability Weighs 2 lbs. Furnished in Wtheroid case 6x10x3.6th Inking is automatic. . .,....,., . -,jtli Paper teeu, line ipauiig, icui in.!,:- Ttes ramer 9HL-2 inches wide.auirenients of a heavy business correspoimeuLc. . . f8th Teaches young people business Wl commercial forms.jiiaciiiiit- j-u.". t c- - ,sistauce 'in school work makes it interesting aim auracm csistauLc iii ..... nf. orratirrpd like the standard keyboard machinesmuch of the time required at Business College in learning the use of high-priced'"loth-Tins machine may be exchanged at any time within a year for theAmerican $50 Typewriter at special price of o0llth-Sent by parcels post prepaid upon receipt of So. 'AGENTS WANTED. .THE E. GOLDBERG CO.,Dept L.20Curtis&OverbyBusiness'MenV Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite Attention'and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.are of the Public Pal--iHiftBlwvnonage Solicited...- -,.Journal8.:t$4.75.$5THE TYPEWRITER AND"WORLD.EDUCATIONAL... .... ... o i rWill do everything but meet the re-Is of great as-Saves- 26 West 22nd bU New York.Only Once?Excerpt from an interview with aj visitor to town, printed in an exchange: "The velocity or yme auuthe friction of years will never erasethe pleasure of this visit. The manypleasant rides and kisses from myonce sweet girl friends will ever linger with me."Blood Oranges in Demand.Sidon oval blood oranges fromPalestine are the most prized in thaworld, according to a firm of fruitbrokers, in Liverpool, which is nowimporting nearly a million boxes oforanges from that country.Thert Under Compulsion."You ought to be ashamed to spendthe best part of your life in jail,"l said the kind old lady td the prisoner."Ma,dam," replied the convict, "don'tblame me for it I assure you that Iam here against my will." ,It is one thiag to make J sdd icrackers that are occasionallygood. 'It is quite another thing tomake them so that they arealways better than all othersoda crackers, always of unvarying goodness. .The name "Uneeda"- stamped onevery biscuit means that if a millionpackages of Uneeda Biscuit wereplaced before you, you could choose' any one of them, confident that everysoda. cracker in that package wouldbe as good as the best Uneeda Biscuit"ever baked. Five cents.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYPoop Provider.An old negro in Texas was asked ifhe was going to register. He wishedto know how he would have" to proceed. .On being told that he had toswear to support the constitution, hiseyes widened, . and, drawing a longbreath, he said he couldn't do it, because he couldn't support h'Vnself.Unpleasant Task Laid on Him.The farmer's son came home looking as if he had been through a tornado. His father inquired the cause.The son replied: "IVs tnat durn correspondence schooragajn. I go't a letter,from the sophomores telling me tohaze myself."Look Forward.Who can see the brilliancy of character attained by individuals of ourrace without feefing that there is 'apledge in this 'that? what has been donealready in the individual will yet beaccompanied in the nation and therace? F. W. Robertson.IF CHILDIS CROSS,FEVERISHAND SICKLook, Mother!.. If Tongue is CoatedG've "California Syrup of Figs."Children love this "fruit laxative"and nothing else cleanses the tenderstomach, liver and 'bowels so nicely.A child simply will not stop playing to empty the bowels, and the result is", they become tightly cloggedwith waste, liver gets sluggish, stomach sours, then your little one becomes cross, half-sick, feverish, don'teat, sleep or act naturally, breath isbad, system is full of cold, has sorethroat, stomach-ache or diarrhoea.Listen, Mother! See if tongue iscoated, then give a teaspoonful of"California Syrup of Figs," and in afew hours all the constipated waste,sour bile and undigested food passesout of the system, and -you have awell, playful child again.Millions of mothers give "California Syrup of Figs" because it isharmless; children love it, and neverfails to act on the stomach, liver andbowels.Ask your druggist for a 50-centbottle of "California Syrup of Figs,"which has full directions for babies,children of all ages, and for grown-upsplainly printed on the bottle. Getthe genuine, madexby the "CaliforniaFig Syrup Company." Refuse anyother kind with contempt.(adv)Philippine Subterranean River.A subterranean river in the islandof Palawan, one of the Philippines,has been explored and surveyed bytwo officers of the United States coastand geodetic survey, and is describedin a report of that service. The riverIs navigable'for a small boat for abouttwo and a half miles from its mouth,the tunnel through which it passeswidening in places into large, chambers containing beautiful stalactites.INDIGESTION, GAS ORSICK, SOURSTOMACHTme "Pape's Diapepsin!"In FiveMinutes all StomachIs Go"eMiseryVReally does" put bad stomachs iniorder "really does" overcome inai-gestion, dyspepsia, gas, heartburn andsourness in five minutes thai justthat makes Pape's Diapepsin the largest selling stomach regulator in theKworld. If what you eat ferments into stubborn lumps,' you belch gas,and eructate sour, undigested foodaVid acid; head is dizzy and aches;breath foul; tongue coated; your insides filled with bile and indigestiblewaste, remember the moment "Pape'sDiapepsin" comes in contact with thestomach air such distress vanishesTt's trnlv astonishins almost marvelous, and the joy is its harmiessness. A large fifty-cent case will giveyou a hundred dollars' worth of satisfaction or your druggist hands youyour money back.It's worth its weight in -gold to menand women who can't get their stomachs regulated. It belongs in yourhome should always be kept handyin case of a sick, sour, upset stomach during the day or at night. It'sthe quickest,, surest, and most harmless stomaclf doctor in the world: ,, . (adv)jMRS. CATT HOME FOR FIGHTHead of International Suffrage BodyReturns From England to BegjnNew York Campaign.New York. Mrs". Carrie ChapmanCatt, president of the InternationalWoman Suffrage association, is herefrom Europe to begin the fall campaign for suffrage in New York.Mrs. Catt, who is chairman of thecampaign committee for the sevenNew York societies, will begin at onceto train suffrage orators. 'Miss Mary Garrett'Hay, chairman ofthe Woman Suffrage, association returned with Mrsr Catt to undertakework in the G3 assembly districts inGreater New York. She will tacklethe designation committees, of the va-Mrs. Carrie Champan Catt.rious political parties which are to beheld th'is week, requesting permissionfor suffrage orators to address eachmeeting' for five minutes. These meetings are held to designate the candidates for the assembly, who will bevoted upon at the primaries. Thesufyfragists hope that only candidates whoespouse their cause will be nominated.The fact that the bill for the womansuffrage referendum has been indorsedby all three political parties and hasonce passed the 'legislature, is regarded as assurance that.the measure willpass when it comes up again in 1915,but 'the leaders propose to take nochances on a reversal.DEAF GIRL IS A' GARDENERAt 15 Elizabeth Kenealy AmazesTeachers In California Schoolby Wonderful Work.Los Angeles, Cal. Twenty-sevendeaf and dumb girls and boys, ranging from ten to seventeen, are beingtaught to speak, read, write stories,sew, make biscuits, solve arithmeticproblems, spell and garden at the Sixteenth street school here, where an ex- jhibition of their work was held recently. Miss Elizabeth Kenealy, fifteen, is creating a sensation at theschool because of her wonderful success in raising flowers and vegetables.In a middy tilouse and dark skirt, MissElizabeth works in her gardens, oneat home and the other at school, produring daisies three times the size ofthe ordinary flowers, and beets thatmake the average vegetable look likeradishes in size. Elizabeth is strivingJ. hard to master the sounds of the English language and is making unusualprogress, kbut she finds th languageof the flowers much more simple andexpressive. She is planning to makea specialty of- flowers, making horticulture her life vocation.Arranging for the Future. ,The little girl objected, quite naturally, to wearing her older sister' outgrown clothes. One day, in protestingwhile being dressed Svith such a garment, she exclaimed: "It's real mean,and when I get married, I'm going tohave myyoungest child first, so -thatshe won't have to wear her sister's oldclothes." Saturday Evening Post. ft Tongue-Twistsr.Try this on your vocal organ. Sayit oyer, several times, and say it fast:"A rat Tan over the roof with a lumpof raw liver in hismouth." -I ?ECRAVlS 20 MCHESAROUNDBlackberries on John D. RockefellerEstate Are Plentiful Opeji tothe Public.Tarrytown,- NT'Y. The harvest ofcrabs and blackberries this year beatsall records. Thousands of crabs, arebeing caught in the Hudson cfaily. Oneman caught 150 in about two hours.The record crab caught was twentyinches in circumference. The honor of 1eating it fell to David Leahy, the vil-lage blacksmith.Blackberries are so plentiful thathalf the boys of the village are picking them. The favorite and best fieldis on John D. Rockefeller's estate.Four men in a few hours picked thirty-sixquarts. Mr. Rockefeller has notinterfered with the picking and it isestimated that two and three hundredquarts are picked from his bushesdaily.TO WEAR RING IN HER NOSEParisian Dancer Hopes to Set NewFashion in New York thei Commg Season.Paris. Mile. Pollaire's return tripto the United States is set for the fall.Ap a preliminary thereto, photographsare being published showing the dancer wearing a small gold ring affixedto her nose, which is not pierced. Oneshows the ring attached to the division between the nostrils and hanging on: the upper -lip. Another showsit fastened to the side of one nostril.She is confident that just as her useof yellow face powder made fashionable women of New York refuse anyother kind, she has only to appearwith a nasal ring to set that fashion.' Suffraaettes Want Pockets.New York. Anions the things thatthe -suffragettes, headed by HarrietStanton Blatch, want, are pockets intheir skirts and a place at fairs wherewomen can chck their babies. Mrs.Blatch visited a number of fairsthroughout the state and declares it acrying shame that at not one of themdid she find a place where motherscould leave their babies while theyrambled around the grounds.Swedish Bridal Superstitions.In Sweden the bridegroom has agreat fear of trolls and sprites, and asan antidote against their power hesews into his clothes various strongsmelling herbs, such as garlicand rosemary. It is customary to fill thebride's pocket with bread, which shegives to the poor she meets on theway to "the church, and so averts misfortune witht the alms she bestows.On their return from .church the brideand bridegroom visit their cow housesand farms that the cattle may thriveand multiply.Photographer's Paste. -Apaste which will prove permanentis .made of ten parts of arrowroot, onehundred, parts of water, one part gelatin, ten parts alcohol. Soak the gelatin in the water, add the arrowroot,having been previously mixed witha small quantity of water, and boilfour or five minutes. When cool, addthe alcohol and a few drops of carbolic acid or oil of cloves.The "AllegedGentleman."This quaint notice was recentlyposted in a Cardiff club. "If the alleged gentleman who took threebrushes from Mr. 's color boximagines they will paint poultry without the assistance of the master handhe is gravely mistaken and thereforemay as well return them to theirrightful owner." Pall JMall Gazette.It's Daddy Talking"TTUSH, children; it's daddy talking."XX "Yes, Jim; we are all ydl and the-children have been real good. Howhave you been? Coming -home tonight?That's fine! It will be p-ood to see you."The business man whp is obliged to be- - ?away from home brings joy to the family.circle by cheery words over the long dis-; - - Vtance Bell Telephone which keeps hirfiif,always in touch with home conditions. , - jr."-Wheii You. Telephone SmileCumberland telephoneand Telegraph Companytt-,-.INCORPORATED.r 122 SOUTH PRYOR STREET, ATLANTA, GEORGIA;..--v. '.' '.slflMlHp"lK9flBB&''r. ,-1 I I J -.WKen. I Buying IJ Baking 1I Powder Jm For this is theft (baking powder t? that makes "the7 baking better."- It leavens the P(food evenly 1'throughout; puffs iit upto airy light-riess, 'makes it do-lightfully appetizing .and wholesome.IVRemember P-ilnn"- mH is moderate iu price, fhighest in quality. aI Ask your grocer forCalumet. Don't take af substitute.Received Highest SAwardsWorld Pure Food Exposittea,Chicago, Illinois, Pari Exposklea, SFrance, March, 1912.I ! 1Require Only Small Outfit.The active Arab barbers require only a pair of scissors, a pair of clippers, and a razor for their equipment.They erect their temporary shops inthe market-places by spreading somematting over a few poles. Arabs haratheir heads shaved, keeping the hairshort so that the white skull cap oyerwhich the fez is worn will fit closely.,'.rvfCBAKING PovSS!IOTMADEBYTHETRUSJglMavvI Yoajjon't tare boh:? vr&ext yoa Lay c&eay er btc-caa II baLiar powder. Doa't be mLleiL Bay Cahser. It's II more economical more wholwoaie tires best resakx, II Calasaet is far superior to soar silk aaa xeekl I'- 'NV4-r-i-ir'?&- :$fi- v fMi's Y'-j&.i?nffi' BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUQCY, DECEERTWI- Jr-vf -SURLSL THICKEN ANDBEAUTIFY YOUR HAIR!RAISE GEESE ON FARMVacant Places Unfit for Cultivation Quite Suitable.;7k iVmff.rI-M f:mHH1I,$. I- i3ft.?Bring Back fts Lustre, Gloss, Charmand Get Rid of Dandruff.To be possessed of a head of heavy."beautiful hair; soft, lustrous, uffy,'vayy and free from dandruff is merely a matter of using a little Danderine. It is .easy and inexpensive to have-nice, soft hair, and lots of it. 'Just.get 'a 25-cent bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine now all drug- stores recominend it apply a little as directedand within ten minutes thre will be:an appearance of abundance; freshness, fluffiness and an incomparablegloss and lustre, and try as you willyou cannot find a trace of dandruff orfalling hair; but your real surprice-will be jafter about two wee"ks' use,when you will see new hair fine anddowny ut first yes but really newliair sprouting out all over yourshcalp Danderine is, we believe, the.only sure hair grower; destroyer ofdandruff and cure for itchy scalp, and.It jnever fails to stop falling hair atoncer; ,If you want to prove how prettynd soft your hair really is, moistena c&th with a, little Dandreine andcarefully draw it through your hairtaking one small strand at a time.Vonr hair -will be soft. flossy and'beautiful in just a few moments adelightful surprise awaits everyonevho tries this. (adv)IF CONSTIPATED OR3ILIOUS "CASCA'RETS."For Sick Headache, Sour Stomach,Slugish Liver and Bowels.Gt a, ten-cent box.Take Ka Cascaret tonight to cleanseyour liver, Stomach and bowels and'you will surely feel great by morning.Tou men and women who have headniches, coated tongue.can't sleep, arefrilious, nervous, upset, bothered"with a sick, gassy, disordered stomach,, or have backache and feel allAvorn out. Are you keeping your bowels ' clean with Cascarets or merelyforcing a passageway every few daysvith salts, cathartic pills or castoroil?Cascarets immediately cleanse andregulate the stomach, rem'ove the sour-undigested and fermenting food andfoul .gases take the excess bile from Jthe liver and carry off the constipated waste matter and poison from' the intestines and bowels.Remember a Cascaret tonight willstraighten you out by morning. A10-cWt box from your druggist meanshealthy bowel action; a clear headand cheerfulness for months. Don'tforget the chifdren. (adv)MILLIONAIRE BELIEVES HEWENT TO "SPIRIT LAND."Freed from the slender thread 'that"links lifebefore with; life after death,Alonzo Thompson, 81, millionaire, realestate operator, philanthropist, writerand spiritualist, believes he has risento penentrate the vague realms of thesupernatural, and to return bearing,like Peter Grimm, a message to those ."who will listenFrom a sick bed in the 'HoldenApartments, where for almost twoweks he has lain at the point ofdeath, Thompson says his spirit, trancendant over the limitations of earth,"has explored the infinite to touch3iands with those who have gone before, jto listen to their call to join"them, to talk to them, to visit strangeplaces in their company, yet to return,because tasks tor hi my remain un;performed.In an atmosphere scintillating withfrridescent hues of beautiful colors,.Thompson declares his spirit has encountered the spirit of his father, thesprits of his first and second wives,and the spirits of friends long dead,'in reunion,"while phyicians battledat his bedside to make stronger thethread which threatens at every minjute to break forever."!"rrHE BOREDOM OF WRITING.Does the literary man live the lives- or his characters ?Does he get to knowthem as real people and does he loveto take them on new adventures?Perhaps some writers do, but notJVT. W. Jacobs, a widely-known Englishnovelist. Both the serious and humiorous stories of Mr . Jacobs haveIhosts of readers in Europe and America "I don't prefer writing serious tales,to humoroiis ones' he says, "be-fcause, as a matter of fact, I hate workof any description, whatsoever. My.humorous characters haven't roused a3aughedin me in ten years, and I amquite certain they never will again.iAt the same time, not a single one or-of the characters in my more serious work has been able to awaken inone the slightest start of horror. Alljthat concerns me are the checks theyjbrin me and, in consequence, the additional number of idle hours I canfallow myself."There is, I am afraid, a lot of nonsense talked about the average liter"ary man and his work. An authoranust live his characters, many peoplejcontendt As a matter of fact to be afeood craftsman is all that is requirJed, and the writer's happiness consists of two things: Firstg sendin"kkk .finished article and knowing thatvpt isiT winner; and, second, makingise of the check it brings."Not a Politician.If & Baan is too proud to beg and)Uokoaest to steal, declares Jerome,fa kasno business getting into politics. Memphis Commercial-Appeal.Oh, My, Yes!I A Griggs "I hate to play poker with afeard kwer." Briggs "It's a hangedjrtfki "fetter than playing it with an' winier." Boston Transcript.r Literary Not,f "Talk, about genius not being recogstl," say Georgia editor. "Weimo traatwTan author to a haircutrWvtkogk he didn't have quiteggfc to stuff a mattrev;." Atlanta,CBtitutio.'A- jFowls Occupy Same Place AmongPoultry That Sheep Do AmongLive Stock and If Given CareAre Profitable in Proportion.Contrary to common belief, geesemature just as rapidly away fromstreams or ponds as near them. Agenerous supply of fresh drinking water is all that is required. There aremany places on a farm worthless forcultivation that could be used with excellent results for geese raising.The cost of food for. geese is proportionately small in comparison withother birds bred for market. A gooseon range will eat grass, insects andother animal and vegetable matterfound in the fields.Geese occupy the same place amongpoultry that sheep do among live stockand if given proper care are as profitable in proportion, says a writer in theBaltimore American. It is just as necessary to pluck the feathers from agoose as to shear the wool from thesheep, and the product has a greatdemand. The feathers may be pickedfour times during the summer, andeach goose of the larger breeds willyield about two pounds of fine, soft,'downy feathers.For the best results I feed my geesean egg-producing food, c&nsisting offour measures of wheat bran, twoAn Excellent Trio.measures of shorts, one measure ofbeef scrap, one measure of oil mealand one-half measure of sharp sand.I give them axsmall quantity of thisfood twice daily and allow them freerange. I do not allow my geese tohatch their own eggs, because theyare so clumsy that they break them,besides I wish to keep them laying allthe time.Though more geese were raised lastyear than ever before, yet the marketsare not oversupplied, and the demandis growing all the time. Geese maturevery rapidly and attain an enormoussize.The young are hardy and easy toraise. After they are five days oldthey should be left to find their ownfeed on the range and require no careexcept shelter during severe rainstorms and at night until featheredout. They live to be very old. Somebreeders report them living and doingwell at twenty years of age. Anotherimportant fact about them is that theyare not susceptible to disease, this incontrast to most poultry.'HOW YOUNG CHICKS ARE FEDWisconsin Expert Gives Method Employed at the University In Caring for Little Fellows."For the first 10 to 14 days, wefeed the chicks at th'e universityfarm a little commercial chick feed,which is thrown into a fairly deeplitetr of hay chaff three or four timesa day," writes Prof. J. G. Halpin ofthe College of Agriculture of the TJni-J versity of Wisconsin in reply to aj question regarding the feeding ofyoung chicks."In the middle of the forenoon andthe afternoon," says Professor Halpin,"we feed -a little mash made up ofequal parts of coarse ground corn,wheat bran, wheat middlings, androlled oats. Once a day we mixa raw egg in with this mash, one eggfor about each 60 chicks. As theyget older, we gradually increase theamount of raw egg, adding enoughwater or, better still, milk to keepthe mash from being sticky and, soggy. As fast as they learn to eat it,we mix more and more wheat andcracked corn into the chick feed, sothat by the time they are threeweeks old they are eating crackedcorn and wheat entirely. From thestart we give access to dry mashmade up at first like the wet mash, except that the rolled oats is omittedafter the second week. ""Fine sand on the brooder floor,covered with short cut Alfalfa hay,is ideal. Ground bone in little hoppers, so the chicks can help themselves,, is also good. A few drops ofpotassium permangnate stock solution, just enough to turn the waterred, or just enough Zenoleum to turnthe water whitish, may be put intothe drinking water."Watch the Chicks.Keep close watch of the little chicksduring this hot weather and see thatthey are not troubled with head' lice,especially those that run with thehen. xProtect the Eggs.The steady rays of the sun will sooncook an egg these days. A canvascover for the egg basket or crate onI'the way to town makes a big-difference.. . . t i3 .vft--' X , &'- "TgXW'3"K'r-&2 1Xmas Shoppins Sale BeginsSaturday, December 6and will last the month of December. ThisThis will give Xmas shoppers ,a chance tosave money, as we are crowded with manypresents to brighten up the home andhearts of your famly. Every thing markedin plain figures, so you can wait on yourself'RishtheButton-andRfesfJlk&Or SleepJ$&airs.Xmas Shoppers are Taking Advantage of Early Shoppingthings Hid Away for Xmrxs, as we have a Place toA Kitchen Cabinet !Cabinets. We lead them.V,A.Main Street99im9m9999M99Mf999999m9999PUBLIC SALEOF '51 Mead of JerseysHaving decided to quit the dairybusiness, I will sell at public auctionWEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1913,at ten o'clock, a. m., on the Scottfarm, five miles from Lexington, onthe Tate's Creek pike, my entire herdof40 Select, High Qrade Jerseys, Etc.Many of which are now fresh and !others will be soon; one extra registered bull; 10 heifers by June Beautybull; also a complete line of dairy fixtures, including 'wagon, steam toiler,a BeLavel No. 19 separator, tank withsterilizer attached, one Franklin bottle filler, 60 dozen bottles, 25 bottlecases, 12 drain boards, one aereator,one gasoline engine, mounted sixhorge power. Many other things.TERMS Made known on day ofsale. JH. C. DOWNING,Route 1, Lexington, Ky.John W. Bain, AuctioneerDick Redd, Clerk. (5-lt)Why He Sought Solitude.African Explorer (dumbfounded)"What, you, Clarence Vere de Vere,in the heart of darkest Africa! Whatin the world are you doing here?"Clarence Vere de Vere "I'm wearingthe necktie Miss Darling gave me forChristmas. I promised her I would,you know!" Puck.Another Complaint Recorded.A woman journalist tells us that ina collection of recent poetry thereare poems of dust, rags, fish and tea,and that "woman alone has failed tofan the poetic fires." She attributes itto .the fact that woman has descendedfrom her pedestal into the "hurlyburly of life." VV u,i-...,: V vs-.l. i 'J" Vsr -y.. , .-w-C .,- VL A v. -'--A. . nJ .- f?- - Ti- mr w r . . rw t. - v -. t r.i rt .w t- -tttt ...teXBte t. t'5& .. '!mftT.A.. UirW-&?.'. 5ft( , - ai' -,:- -AWJl.rT?fi tojjw -is&&w&mr i iivBr, 4'Su.Jr . r.,sMtaA Morris ChairWill Please the HomeTry one of ourPUSH BUTTON CHAIRSDuring our Xmas sale, and see what a savingyou will gain by buying here.Just a look will convince you :::::::::::::: 5s The Happy Home MakersF. Wheeler FurnitureCFIAS. GREEN, Mgrin sCountry Club Cokes,Chocolate,Maraschino,VanillaCaramel.For -Saturday.BaldwinBros.,Paris, Kentucky-, Both Food and Medicine.Asparagus is considered one of thehealthiest of quick-growing plantsused for food, and is really a medicine as "well as a food.Pessimistic.The best luck any man can hare isneyer to havebeen born; Jaut that seldom happens to anyone. ,hLFor saMayI iHUDPiesFor the Tiredmone of our Hoosier, Mother Hubbard or Marion SiWW Cgf I443miim-Mb,.Mf . MtaJJBW VI -mwW' . ""i"Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are; itmight have been' The biggest and best fortunes were ricjfimade over night, they began by SMALL DEPOSITS in thebank. After you have put your savings into some 'cGet-rich-vquick" scheme and lost it, you lose your heart and AMBI--', TION with it. Put your money in the bank, and fortune wMi"ovine ao omcij a,o uuco ex picuiUCU bUCU dullQ COme Wneyou NEED it. . - .Make OUR bank YOUR bank, We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savin -s.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapital, $100,000.00.J. M. HALL President5A FAIRY FELT MATTRESSWill give you rest, andremember the price forour Xmas sale.and Are HavingStore themHousewife, -withCo.Opp. Courthouse STHE CHANCE OF ALIFE TIME AND NOfA DOLLAR IN THBANK TOTAKE ITGET RICH QUICKSCHEMES GOT ITSirilMS, $40,000.00.c.;k. thomasi cZvierl"V. "!.?va3sot;4L -S-i7 ?IHtcJ$M"Ife.. 'fiJTL nctp5m-i".W.n; BRBNEWSPARlS, lgqiECMBHl 5. l?lS-I'll ' ;-; ?.r --:. - ? .-. -J- . - - , -r - -.. - - . -- -..' --V- -:- - - - - ' . ' W - - ' HIS NO USE WAITING LONGERTo Select Your Christmas PresentNor is There Any Reason to WorryAbout what to Buy or Where to Buy.YOU WILL FIND SOMETHING HERE FOR EVERYBODY!A CHRISTMASto be tasteful and tactful on the giver's part and pleasing to the recipient should be useful, ornamental, serviceable andpleasing to the sight. These are the kind of presents sold here. Let us help you do your shopping by making a few suggestions'. Come and see what we have. You can select your presents now and have them delivered when you wish-andyou will get what you buy and it will be delivered promptly without further worry on your part.iPush TheButtoii-and Resfp v. je-rt inEtirgSSfcs,HT atlfasy(Riairs.r,7-j;.j.-);;,),.'jiCan you imagine abetter present forany man? Give himone and watch himenjoy it. Let us showyou these.Music CabinetsPiano BenchesElectroliersCostumiers vChiffoniers ,';;,Comforts !B anketsWriting DesksOffice DesksPedestalsRugsLace CurtainsPortiersEasjr ChairsLibrary TablesChina ClosetsMr - A a v 14 XiJiSmlf '"'r'' Jlsi ?$&3 !v ISHBy all means giveconsideration to aKitchen Cabinetfor a Christmas present, and -make it agood one. That is thekind the McDougallis.Dining TablesRattan RockersBed Room SuitesBrass BedsMirrorsFolding BedsOffice ChairsHat RacksHall BenchesBook CasesWood MantelsIron BedsBeddingServing TablesTea 'Wagonsnave you ever experienced the pleasure of resting in apiece ofJamestown UpholsteredFurniture?Let us show you this goods,and if you are in the market fora Christmas Present with classyou will know you have found it.Our Showing of Medium Priced Pictures is Unsurpassed and thePrices are Absolutely Right.Doll Beds, Shoo Ply Rockers, Dining Chimes, Mottoes, Book Racks, Matting Boxes, Smoking Sets, Sewing; Stands.Duntley Vacuum Cleaners.Now here is something thatevery housekeeper wants. Buyone now Delivered when wanted.Leather Goods.See the Leather Table Covers,Sofa Pillows and Hangers: -CEDAR CHESTSKINDEL DAVENPORTTHERE IS ONLY ONEand I am the Exclusive Agent. tThislis also the home of the OWEN andSTREIT. Mow many women would like onefor a Christmas present? See them now.?Burkhardt LibraryTables.and DeskBefore Selecting your table letus demonstrate the superiority ofthe Burkhart, for it is superior inevery respect.Gb-Cartshave just been received. Theywere ordered especially for; Christmas;Never before has such a line of suitable Christmas Presesents been shown in any store in Paris. - You arecertainly cordially invited to make inspection whether you buy or not. If you don't we both lose. May we have Ithe pleasure::tr1 "BT fTl r"1 Tfll 1 T Corner Sixth and Main Sfreefe jtp -T B H F H B H H H A v H H K k k? 't 1 m, Both Phones No. 36. .l---'-n . I . Ill ill I Y - PARIS. kv;:i yr': nnp; Vg '"ii'.-'w''' i JH" W wyr.Ut' ' Marry-WW -r t, . . ;IflRifMiiI!ju"iUirFREStDENT 13)1BEADS HIS MESSAGETouches on Mexican Situation Urges Action on the' of Insular PossessionsAGRICULTURAL NEEDSAdvocates Nation-Wide Pri-; inaries and IndependenceJoT'the Territories---fWASHINGTON, Dec. 2 PresidentiWIlson today read his first regularmessage to Congress. Jt was as follows: Gentlemen of the Cpngress:In pursuance xof my constitutional'daty to "give to the Congress information -the state of the Union," I takethe liberty of addressing you on several matters which ought, as it seemsto me, particularly to engage the attention of your honorable bodies, as ofall who study the welfare' and proegress of the nation.I shall ask your indulgence if I venture to depart in some degree fromthe usual custom of setting before youin formal review the many matters-"which have engaged the attention andcalled for the action of the government, or which look to them for earlytreatment in the future, because thelist is long, very long, and would suffer in he abbreviation to which Ishould have to subject it. I shall submit to you the reports of the headsof the several departments, in whichthese subjects are set forth in carefuliletail, and beg that they may receivethe thoughtful attention of your committees and of all members of theCongress who mayhave the leisure tostudy them. Their obvious importance, as constituting the very substance of the business of the government, makes comment and emphasison my part unnecessary.ltCountry at Peace,The country, I am thankful to say,is at peace with all the world, and.many happy manifestations multiplyabout us of a growing cordiality and-sense of community of interest amongthe nations, foreshadowing an age ofsettled peace and good will.More andmore readily each decade do the nations manifest their willingness to'bind themselves by solemn treaty tothe processes of peace, the processesof franknes and fair consideration.go far, the United States has stoodat the front of such negotiations. She'will, I earnestly hope and confidentlybelieve, give fresh proof of her sincere adherence to the cause of international friendship by ratifying theseveral treaties of arbitration awaiting renewal by the Senate. In addition to these, it has been the privilegeof the Department of State to gainthe assent, in principle, of no lessthan thirty-one nations, representingfour-fifths of the population of theworld, to the negotiations of treatiesy which it shall be agreed that whenever differences of interest or of policy arise which cannot be resolved by-, Ihat ordinary processes of diplomacythey shall be publicly analyzed, dis- cussed and reported upon by a tribunal chosen by the parties before-either nation determines its course ofaction.. There is only one possible standard"by which to determine controversiesbetween the United States and othernations, and that is compounded of-these two elements: our own honorand our obligations to the peace of theworld. A test so compounded oughteasily to be made o govern both theestablishment of new treaty obligation and the interpretation of thosealready assumed.Only One Cloud.There is but one cloud upon our horizon. That has sliown itself to thesouth of us, and hangs over Mexico.There can be no certain prospect ofpeace in America until Gen..Huertahas surrendered his usurped authori-?ty in Mexico; until it is -understood onT,&11 hands, indeed, thac such pretended-governments will not be countenancedjor dealt with by the government oftke United States. We are the friendsof constitutional government in America; we are more than its friends,we are its champions; because in noother way can our neighbors, to whomwe would wish in every way to makeproof of our friendship, work outj.their own development in pace andliberty. Mexico has no government.The attempt to maintain one at theCity of Mexico has broken down, anda mere military despotism has beenset up which has hardly more than- -the semblance of national authority,It originated in the usurpation of Victorians. Huerta, who, after a brief attempt to play the part of constitutional President, has at last cast aside-ven the pretense of legal right anddeclared himself dictator.Mexican Conditions.As a consequence, a condition ofaffairs now exists in Mexico which hasmade it doubtful whether even the3Mwt elementary and fundamentalxigkt either of her own people or of-tk4& citizens of other eouritries resident within her territory can 'longfee successfully safeguarded, andwhich threatens, if long continued, toimperil the interests of pece, orderjtftl tolerable life in the lands immediately to the south of us. Even ifjXke- usurper had succeeded in his purpoes, in despite- of the constitutionnt the republic and the rignts or itspeople, he would have set up nothingfet sl lwecarious and hateful power,wkich could have lasted but a littleark ft, and -whose eventual downfallwahU v left the country in a moreajapJorsible condition than ever. But tries of the modern world in attempt--Ahas not succeeded. He has lor- ing to do this. Systems of rural' cred-L. . - ' i -t Read Message to UieConvening Congress tPRESIDENT WOODROW WILSON.feited the respect and the moral support even of those who were at onetime willing to see him succeed. Little by little he has been completelyisolated. By a little every day hispower and prestige are crumblingand the collapse is not far away.We shall not, I believe, be obliged toalter our policy of watchful waiting.And then, when the end comes, weshall hope to see constitutional orderrestored in distressed Mexico by theconcert and energy or such of herleaders as prefer the liberty of theirpeople to their own ambitions.Currency Bill.I turn to matters of domestic concern. You already have under consideration a bill for the reform of oursystem of banking and currency, forwhich the country waits with impatience, as" for something fundamentalto its whole business life and necessary to set credit free from arbitraryland artificial restraints. I need notsay how earnestly I hope for its earlyenactment into law. t take leave tobeg that the whole energy and attention of the Senate be concentratedupon it till the matter is successfullydisposed of. And yet I feel hat therequest is not needed that the members of that great House need no urging in this service to he country.Rural Credits.I present to you, in addition, tlieurgent necessity that special provisionbe made also for facilitating the credrits needed by the farmer of the country. The pending currency bill doesthe farmers a great service. It putsthem upon an equal footing with othersbusiness men and masters ot enterprise, as it should; and upon its passage they will find themselves quit ofmany of the difficulties which nowhamper them in the field of credit.The farmers, of course, ask, andshould be given no special privilege,such as extending to them the creditof the government itself. What theyneed and should obtain is legislationwhich will make their own abundantand subsantial credit resoucesavailable as a foundation - for joint,concerted local action in their own behalf in getting the capital they must. . .. . . . , ,1I 1 Sty v- HT C O-X, 4 .- ' CX- Afff , rI K - " -JHR tfv. Jw&TkWwI K SyiSHi'u... - . . jSXTTI?ft. v v " 4 wst ' ;FHP ' Vs J '-& fcuse. it is to tins we snouia now aa-iWidress ourselvesFarm Needs.It has, singularly enough, come topass that we have allowed the industry of our farms to lag behind the other activities of the country in its development. I need not stop to tellyou how fundamental to tlie life ofthe -nation is tlie production of itsfood. Our thoughts may ordinarilybe concentrated upon the cities andthe hives of industry, upon the criesof the crowded market place and theclangor of the factory, but it is fromthe quiet interspaces of the open valleys and the free hillsides that we"draw tlie sources of life and prosperity, from the farm and the ranch,,from the forest and the mine. With-out these every street would be silent,every office deserted, every factoryfallen into disrepair. And yet the farmer does not stand upon he same footing with the forester and the miner inthe market of credit. He is the servant of the seasons. Nature determines how long he must wait for hiscrops, and will not be hurried in herprocesses. He may give, his note, butthev season of its maturity dependsupon uie season wnen ms crop matures, lies at the gate of the marketwhere his products are sold. And thesecurity he gives is of a characternot known in the broker's office or asfamiliarly as it might be on the counter of he banker.What is Needed.The Agricultural Department of thegovernment is seeking to assist asnever before to make farming an 'efficient business, of wide co-operativeeffort,-in quick touch with the markets for foodstuffs. The farmers andtha government will henceforth work.together as real partners in this field,where we now begin to seeour wayvery clearly, and where many intelli-.gent plans are being already put jintoexecution. The treasury of theUnited States has, by a timely andwell-considered distribution of its deposits, facilitated the moving of thecrops in the present season and prevented the scarcity of available fundstoo often experienced at such- times.But we must not allow ourselves todepend upon extraordinary expedientsWe must add the means by which thefarmer may make his credit constantly and easily available and commandwhen he will the capital J)y which tosupport and expand his business. Welag behind many other great coun-i been, studied and devetoifedon the ather side of the- water whiiewe left our farmers to shilt for themselves in the ordinary money market.Yotfiiave but to look auout you in anyrural district to see tlie result, thehandicap and embarrassment whichhave been put upon those who pro-auce ouriooa.Special study.Conscious of this backwardnessand neglect on our part theCongressrecently authorized the creation of aspecial commission to study the various systems of rural credit whichliavt) UtltJU tJUL 111LU uyciawuu iix xuur'rope, and this commission is already mprepared to report. Its report ought 9what methods will be best suited toour own farmers. I hope and believethat the committe.es of the Senateand House will address themselves tothis matter with the most fruitful results, and I believe that the studiesand recently formed plans- of the Department of Agriculture may be madeto serve them very greatly in theirwork of framing appropriate and ad-,equate legislation. It would be. indiscreet and presumptuous in anyone todogmatize upon, so great and manysided a question, but I feel confidentthat common counsel will produce theresults we all so much desire.Anti-Trust Legislation.Turn from the farm to the world ofbusiness which centers in the cityand in the factory, and I think that allthoughtful observers will agree thatthe immediate service we owe tilebusiness communities of the countryis to prevent private monopoly moreeffectively than it has" yet been prevented. I think it will be easilyagreed that we should let the Sherman anti-trust law stand, unaltered,as it is, with its debatable groundabout it, but that we should as muchas possible reduce the area of thatdebatable ground by further and moreexplicit legislation; and" should alsosupplement that great act by legislation which will not only clarify it, butalso facilitate its administration andmake it fairer to all concerned.No doubt we shall all wish, and thecountry will expect, this to be thecentral subject of our deliberationsduring the present cession; but it isa subject so many-sided and so deserving of careful and discriminatingdiscussion that I shall take the liberty of addressing you upon it in aspecial message at a late date thanthis. It is of capital importance thatthe business men of this 'countryshould be relieved or all uncertaintiesof law with regard to their enterprises and investments and a clearpath indicated which they can travelwithout anxiety. It is as importantthat they should be relieved of embarrassment and set free to prosperas that private monopoly should bedestroyed. The ways of action shouldbe thrown wide open.Nation-Wide Primaries.I turn to a subject which I' hope, canbe handled promptly and without serious controversy of any "kind. Imean the method af selecting nominees for the Presidency of the United,States. I feel confident that I do notmisinterpret the wishes of the countryor the expectations of the countrywhen I urge the prompt enactment oflegislation which will provide for primary elections throughout the entirecountry ac wnicn uie voiers 01 uie sevteral parties may choose their nominees for the Presidency without theintervention of nominating conventions. I venture the suggestion thatthis legislation should provide forthe retention of party conventions,but only for the purpose of declaringand accepting the verdict of the primaries and formulating the platformsnf Via narHoo- atifl T enwpoct flint thocoliV- i"f - - "o"- .-.. w.v1 conventions should not consist of del-, egate cnosen, 10 tins single purpose,but of the nominee for Congress, thenominees for vacant seats' in the Sen-ate of the United States, the Senatorswhose terms have not yet closed, thenational committees, and the candidates for the Presidency themselves,in order that pla'tforms may .beframed vby those responsible to thepeople for carrying them into effect.Insular. Possessions.These are matters of vital domestic concern, and besides them, outside the charmed circle of our ownnational life, in which our affectionscommand us, as well as our consciences, there tansd ou our obligations toward our territories over thekea. Here we are trustees. PortoRico, Hawaii, the Philippines, areours, indeed, but not ours to do withas we please. Such territories, onceregarded as mere possesions, are nolonger to be elfishly exploited; theynart. of the domain of public con-.science and of serviceable and enlightened statesmanship. We mustadminister them for the people wholive in them, and with the same senseof responsibilityto them as toward ourLpwn People in our domestic affairsNo doubt, we shall successfully bindPorto Rico and the Hawaiian Islandsto. ourselves by ties, of justice and in-terest and affection, but tne periormance of our duty toward the Philippines is a more difficult and debatablematter. We can satisfy the obligations of generous justice toward thepeople-of Porto Rico by giving themthe ampie ana iamuiai- neuw ""privileges accorded our own citizzensin our own territories and our obligationstoward the people of Hawaii byperfecting the provisions for self-governmentalready granted them, but inthe "Philippines we must go further.We must hold steadily in view theirultimate independence and. we mustmove toward .the time of that independence as steadily as the way canbe cleartd and the foundationsthoughtfully and permanently laid.What Has Been Done.Acting under the authority conferred upon the President by Congress,I- have already accorded the people ofthe islnnds a majority in both houses.of their legislative body by appointingfive instead of four native citizens tothe membership of the commission. Ibelieve that in this way we shall makeproof of their capacity in counsel andtheir sense of responsibility -in the exercise of political power, and that theMHmlmmmii.mi " ' Mini milium n2 C M. CLAY, President2ifBourbon TobaccoWarehouse Co.y Paris, KentuckyiAverage Price Opening Day, 1913, - - 13.70Average Price Opening Day, Lexington, Ky., 1913, 13.19Average Price thisSellingf ' 1'We Have Room on the Inside for SeventyfiveLoaded Wagons. We SolicitYour Patf ronage and Guarantee Courteous;'; 'Trea,me, and Prampt Service-''success of this step will be sure toclear our View for the steps whichareto follow. Step by step we should extend and perfect the system of selfgovernment in the islands, milkingtest of them and modifying them asexperience discloses their successesand failures; that we should more andmore put under the control or the native citizens of the archipelago theessenial instruments of their life,their local instrumentalities of government, their schools, all the commoninterests of their communities, and soby counsel and experience set up aovernment which all tne worm wingee Q e suitable to a people whoseaffairs are under their own controlAt last, I hope and believe, we are beginning to gain the confidence of theFilipino peoples. By their counseland experence, ratherthan by ourown,we shall learn how best to servethem, and how soon 4t will be possibleand wise to withdraw our supervision.Let us once find the path and set outwith firm and confident tread upon itand we shall not wander from it orlinger upon it.Talks of Alaska.A duty faces us with regard toAlaska which seems to me very pressing and very imperative; perhaps Ishould say a double duty, for it concens both the poltical and the material development of the Territory.The people of Alaska should be giventhA full Territorial form of government, and Alaska, as a storehouse,should be unlocked. One key to it isa system of railways. These the government should build and administerand the norts and terminals it shoulditself control in the interest ot all wlio )wish to use them for the service and"development of the country ana itspeople.But the construction of railways isonly the first step, is only thrusting inthe key to the stoehouse and hrowingback the lock and opening the door.How the tempting resources of thecountry are to be exploited is anothermatter, to which I shall take the liberty orfrom time to time calling yourattention for it is a policy which mustbe worked out by well-consideredstages, not upon theory, but uponlines of practical expediency.Conservation Policy.It is part of our general problem ofconservation. We have "a freer handin working out the problem in Alaskathan in the States of the Union, andyet the principles and object are the'same, wherever we touch it. We mustuse the resources of the country, notlock them up. There need be iio conflict or jealousy as between State andFederal authorities, for there can beno essential difference of purpose between them. The esources in question must be used, .but not destroyedor wasted; used, bht hot monopolizedupon any narrow idea of individualrights as against the abiding interests Jof communities. That a policy can beworked out bv conference and conces-sum wuiun win release uiese rjesuurc -EDWJOHNmarket 1 vear ago,Charges 2 per cent, andS cents per hundredscl0a;;3I-es and yet not jeopard or dissipate j which has already been manifested bythem, I for one have no doubt, and both the Houses; and I hope that icit can be done on lines of regulation j may not be deemed an impertinent inwhich need be no less acceptable tojtrusion of myself into the picture iChe people and governments of thej1 sa' with how much and how con-states concernea man to me peopleand government of the nation at large,whose heritage these resources are.We must bend our counsels to thisend. A common purpose ought tomake agreement easy.Three or four matters of special importance and significance I beg thatyou will pernyt me to mention inclosing.Aid for Labor.Our Bureau of- Mines ought to beequipped and empowered to rendereven more efficient service than itrenders now in improving the conditions of mine labor and making themines more economically productiveas well as more safe. This is an all-1important part of the work of conservation, and the conservation of humanlife and energy lies even nearer to ourinterest than the preservation fromwaste of our, material resourcesWe owe it, in mere justice to therailway employes of the country, tqlpiuviuc iui uieiii. u. lu.il uiiu cueuuvtiemployers' liability act; and a lawthat we can stand by in this matterwill be to the advantage f those whoadminister the railroads of the country than to the advantage ofe thoswhom they employ. The experienceof a large number of the Statesabundantly proves that.Social Just'ce rirst.We ought to devote ourselves tomeeting pressing demand of plain justice like this as earnestly as to theaccomplishment of political and economicaWeforms. Such justice comesfirst. Law is the machinery for itsrealizationand is vital only as it expresses and embodies it.An international congress for thediscussion of all questions that affectsafety at sea is nok sitting in Londonat the suggestion of our own government. So soon as the conclusions ofthat congress can be learned and considered we ought to address ourselvesamong other things to the prompt alleviation of the very unsafev unjustand burdensome conditions which nowsurround the employment of sailorsand render it extremely difficult to obtain tlie services of spirited and competent, men such as every ship needsif it is "to be safely handled andbrought to port.Congress Co-operating.May I not express the very realpleasure I have experienced in co-operatingwith Congress' and sharingwith it the labors of common serviceto which it hs devoted itself duringthe past seven months so unreservedly of uncomplaining concentrationupon the business of legislation?Surely it is a proper and pertinent"part of my report of "the state of theUnion" to express my admiration forj the diligence, the s,'ood temper, and jj uie iuii uumpreiieiisiuii ui puunuuuiyBURKE, 'uinaMT. COLLINS, Manasers.?- - 12.39 t-t,a " auusiuuuun i nave availed my-seit ot tlie privilege of putting mvtime and energy at their disposal,alike in counsel and action.GIRLS OFFER TO MARRY"PERFECT" COLLEGE MAN.Letters and telegrams from young,women making offers of marriage arecoming to H. L. Shrader, a KansasCity student at the Missouri University at Columbia, who was recentlyadjudged the most perfect man physically among the 1,500 students anthat institution.Since the publication in the University paper of the assertion bv the ath-letic directors that he was, perhapsthe most nearly perfect man physically in America, Shrader's mail ha?been heavy almost every day. Hehas received offers of vaudeville engagements and boxing and wrestling,engagements, but the greatest numberof letters- are from young women.Several of the girl writers advocatemarriage in the interest of eugenics.,One girl says she is physically perfeccherself, and therefore thinks shewould make a fit wife in the intereststof eugenics. Shrader refuses o givethe names or addresse's of any of the?writers." Primitive Shaving.The Harput barber places aroundhis customer's neck a peculiar part. -with a semicircular piece' cut out otTone side, so that it fits partially"around the neck under the chin. Water is put into the pan and the barber-makes a lather with his hands andl "rubs it on the customer's face, usuallyusing his hands for this purpose alsojHad Gone Too Far to Change.Little Helen and Jack had grownup together, and hen Jack finallyoutgrew dresses and donned his firsttrousers Helen insisted that she, ..too,be allowed to haxe a pair. But Jack;said: "No, you dQn't, either, 'cause-' Ayou started out to be a girl and youjvfcI ot to Keep it up. unicago rioune. 'Kept luty.T ,. it- i ... ... .- -'. it. mm U1UM It VIUJBr.,i siiiiiiik.B Tnmr urirn tni.- -ta...rcae of marry In haste and rent;"at leisure." "Not ennHv. Wi -mimii "cipal complaint appears to be that' J?nfifi Tr IAloH1A " X7..FAT T1M.r uv iBiuuic. UUUiUU .BtXprVBB.Explains a Mystery."It has always been my ide,""remarlrrt 'the uin -t-Vio -.. i.n i.u..., vw 1U VIU. LUC VA1, LUilLy- tsomething jostled Nature's elbowJwhen she was pouring the seed intersthe watermelon."vi IK,v-XV JflVs,u&jt3fr t-cw ,-irA.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KV, DECEMBER 5 1913asV)k.I IEXA i -S .-fM &.&gMgV4HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADECHRISTMAS TURKEYS..turkeys Must Be ShippedPromptly to Reach theEastern Markets ForChristmas Trade,Commencing Mouday, December 8th, we will begin toreceive turkeys (regardlessof weather conditions), andwill continue to receive themthroughout that week, up toand including Saturday December 13th.CHAS. 5. BRENT & BRO.phoenix Silk sox 50c.For men there's nothing more ac.ceptabe than silk hosiery. Inter'woven and Phoenix, packed in giftboxes, 50 c.J. W. DAVIS &. CO.ACCEPTS POSITION WITH30URB0N WAREHOUSE COMr. John Spears, who has been employed at the grocery of Mr. LoganHoward, has accepted a positon withvthe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.,"in the clerical departmentNOTICE.We will have on displaytoday the handsome BuickCoupe. Don't fair to see ittoday, as we will have it onlyone day.PRICHARD & BALL.SORGHUM.Phone us your order for some ofour nice fresh sorghum, purest obtainable.(25-tf)SAUER'S GROCERY,Opp. Court House.SALE OF JERSEYS.Attention is directed to the publicsale advertisement of 51 head of fineJersey cattle, on another page. Thecattle are the property of H. C. iDowning. The sale will be held onDecember 10th. Read the ad.(5-lt)BEAUTIFUL ENGRAVING.Call and see our samples of embossed Monogram Stationery, Engraved Private Greeting Cards, Calling.Cards, etc. Place your order now for fthe Holiday season.(2S-tf) ' PARIS BOOK STORE.DEJARNETT FARM SELLSFOR $206 PER ACRE.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney conductedCjByUffVTthes ale for the heirs of Mrs. Eliza pe-j Uiije, n- w. u. ierKes.jarnett Wednesday. The farm of T, reguJar raonthly meeting ofthirtyfive acres on the Bethlehem , the Yo Ladies. Mission Circle ofpike, about one and one-half miles Chrisitian church was held Tues.fTOmJS Clty' sow t William Pamsd afternoon at the home of Mrs.?r. !20LPoer T' PV S- Z Thomas Allen, on Duncan Avenue.$50. to $63 per head Farming imple-1 wilmoth, President, pre-ments sold well The attendance was, and u d J d.Sood and the bidding spirited. ance to -FREE.We pack purchses free in beautifulholly and poinsetta boxes..f. W. DAVIS.SWEET CIDER- !i , K V -'-;,maue. iruuiie m .wui umcx iui a, b: lon. It's fine.(5-2t) bAUitiit.lMR. GILTNER RETIRES FROMBOURBON GARAGE. ' The Progressive Culture Club' j met Wednesday afternoon in regularA deal was consummated Monday sesssion a the Elks' Hall. The memwhereby the entire interest of Mr. j bers and invited guests were delightWilliam Giltner of the Bourbon Gar- j fully entertained with an address onage & Supply Co,: , was purchased by the noted Kentucky sculptor, Joel T.the other members of the firm, ' Hart. Miss Carrie Berry, of Hamil.Messrs. T. H. Clay and Charles A. ton College, Lexington, delivered theWebber. Mr. Giltner will retire from ; address. Miss Berry formerly residedthe firm and engage in other business. in Paris, and has many warm friends.The Bourbon Garage & Supply Co. will ! and admirers here who always en-continue its business at the same lo-cation, at uie uumei ui x-uun-n "v'High streets.GIFTS 50 CENTS UPYou will find our store an ideal place ;to select Christmas gifts in wearing!apparel forthetmen folks of your fam-' ily. Gifts from 50c. up.J. W. DAVIS & CO. hot chocolate, wafers, sandwiches,mar-1 guerites and mints were served. Mrs.PJE SUPPER REALIZES NEAT .Albert H. Morehead added to the pro-SUM AT HUTCHISON I gram of the afternoon with her bril-. v ! liant piano playing.- The pie supper at Hutchison school 14 Chouse, given by Mrs. Alma Pryor and The Jemima Johnson Chapter, D.her pupils, last Wednesday night, was A. R., met Tuesday afternoon at the"-well attended and very enjoyable. Elk's Hall, with the regent, Mrs.The sum of $14 was realized from the.' Robert C. Talbott, presiding. Mrs.'" ' sale of pies and $2.50 from the sale Walter Clark and Miss Mary Fithianof '-candy. The money Will be ued in I Hutchcraft contributed to the programputting down a concrete walk. After1, by relating Christmas stories in en-,? the .sales a lively spelling bee was had ' tertaining style.' in which Nutter Wood and Harold Vocal music was furnished by Mrs.Sneil were captains. Mr. Wood was, Owen Davis and Miss Elizabeth Hin-the champion speller Mrs. Pryor has ton, with Miss Clara Bell6 O'Neal aswthe spirit of enterprise. On Arbor piano accompanist.Dav this year she planted ten maples I The hall presented a festive appear-" - "f rom he Hillenmeyer nurseries, and ' ance with decorations of evergreensfhe porch cloak room and cistern are and Christmas bells while the regent'stlie result of her labors. 1 stand was adorned with , holly andI poinsettia. Mrs. James Arnold, ofREAD THE AD. (Newport, was the honor guest of the, chapter, and afer the program coffeeT?a m,r -irivp-rtisement on nase 3. 1 and sandwiches were served, Mrs.'Itr contains suggestions that will beof value to you. auvhuus jucuuuucu. v. o -urnniri hP a useful and orna -jll mo iav .. .inontai srift Remember we saveyou, money. No trash. EverythingVorth the moh'ey. '' J. T. HINTON.&'MYmmm.Mr. Chas. Webber was in Cincinnati on. business this weelct 'Mr. George Browner was in fiin-jcinnati on business Wednesday.j Mr. and Mrs. Sim Levy are amone:the m in cincinnati tUa week-i-ixio. uuaa. iu. vxruutu leit Xues-day for a visit to relatives in Atlanta,Ga.vMrs. Everett Peterson, of Cyntliiana, visited friends in Paris Wednesday. Miss Mary "Baird; of SouthCharleston, O., is visiting Miss Eliza-betli Steele.Mrs. Frank Kiser has returnedfrom a visi to Mrs. Jack Hutsell, inRichmond.Miss Glassell, wno has been theguest of Miss Frances Clay, hos returned to Ward-Belmont College atNashville, Tenn.Mr. and Mrs. George Alexanderreturned Wednesday after an extended visit in New York.Mrs. W. L. Davis arrived yesterday from Columbia, S. C, to be theguest of Mrs. J. T. Hinton.Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Bell were inCincinnnai Tuesday and Wednesdayattending the Poultry Show.Mrs. J. W. Bacon entertains thisafternoon with a luncheon-euchre ather home on Cypress street.Mr. D. B. Wallace, formerly of theIndependent, of Warsaw, Ky., was avisitor in Paris Wednesday."Mr. and Mrs. Homer Kiser, withtheir little daughter, Lelia, were theguests of Mrs. Ed Carson Sunday."Mr. and Mrs. Fay Ardery, of thiscity, will leave to-day for a visit toMrs. Bessie L. Finnell, in Georgetown.Richmond Climax: "Misses Mayme Campbell, Kate Devore and Nettie Hurst spent last Thursday inParis.- Mrs. Victor Howard has returnedto her home in Georgetown after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. George Redmon,near this city.Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champ andMr. and Mrs. James H. Thompsonwere visitors in Cincinnati Tuesdayand Wednesday.Attorney Ray Mann, of Louisville,is here the guest of her mothre, Mrs.Kate Mann, on Pleasant street and isattending Circuit Court.-Mr. Lon Trebble left Monday forFulton, Mo., to visit his sister, Mrs.Walter Glenn, who will leave soon"or New Mexico to remain a yearMrs. Chas. M. Griffiin left Tuesdayfor a visit with relatives in Atlanta,Ga. Mrs. Griffith is the wife of Mr.C. M. Griffith, secretary of the Y. M.C. A., and has been ill for severalweeks.The regular meeting Wednesdayafternoon of the Paris Literary Clubwas held, Miss Lucy Simms, the president, presiding. The following program was rendered; "Our NationalHolidays and Their Observance," byMrs. Harry B. Clay; "Child HelpingAgencies," by Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft:"K!pg CJiieftain, the Grandfather ofA short nroffram followed the roiutine business. It is the purpose ofthe members to take a scholarshipin one of the mountain schools underthe management of the 'ChristianChurch. By consent the date of holding the meetings was changed tromiday Tne mortgage was executed byuieirst to tne second iuesciay.Four new members, Mrs. Ollie Mar-snan, lvirs. uiyae iunman ana imsses.Mary jaene ana Louise wyatt, wereenrolled. Af tei -the business meetingtea an(j sandwiches were served bythe hostess.j joy her visits. She related the lifesluij vt iuis uuicu iiirtii, wiiuse liaLlv"ity is claimed by bom Bourbon and, -Clark, in a charming and graciousmanner, wnose acnievements in tnerealm of art have so greatly enrichedthe particular branch of art of whichhe was a master. The hall was ar-tistically decorated in evergreens andChristmas bells, and after the addresst Charlton Alexander, presiding over the( ..ouUOUu.v- ""; . j. :I usual gracetui manner.Fragrantnarcissus decorated the coffee tableand all the appointments were -.lovely.The chapter is in a very flourishingJ condition, with a membership of thir-ty eight and applicants at every meeting. Mrs. James Wilcox has returnedform a visit to Mrs. Bush Rice, inRichmond.Mrs. Joe Head, of Asnfand,here for a visit to her sister, Mrs.isE.M. Dickson.Miss Laura Williams, of Mt. Sterling is the guest of Mrs. Joe Varden,in East Paris.Mrs. Newton Taylor, of Paris, isthe guest this week of Mrs. JesseHarp, in Lexinto.nMr. and Mrs. Martin J. Hellerhave moved from Lilleston Avenue tothe apartments in the Doyle buildingon Main sree.Mrs. Mary F. Cook has returnedto her home 'in Harrodsburg, after avisit to her aunt, Mrs. L. J. Fretfrell,on Cypress street.Mrsr A. P. Allis came to this cityform Richmond Wednesday and is theguest of Mrs. Camilla Wilson at herhome on High 'street.Mrs. Hughes Atkinson and litledaughter, Miss Ruth Allen Atkinson,of Mt. Sterling are spending the weekwith Mrs. .Thompson Tarr, at herhome in the country.Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Carroll, of Louisville, and Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Wid-mer, of New York, will arrive to-dayto be the guests of Mr. and Mrs. Jas.Thompson, for the week-end.Miss Clara Chambers entertained with a very deightful six o'clockdinner Thursday for her guests, Misses Belle Roberts and Lucy Shepherd'and Messrs. Carl Burnhardt and KeroRoberts, of State University.Mr. and Mrs. William McCrearyKenney, of Bourbon, celebrated theirbirthday Saturday by entertaining afew friends at their home near Hutchison, Mr. Kenney being eighty-oneyears of age, and his fife eighty,their birthday occurring on the sameday.MEN LIKE GIFTSThat come from Davis they knowthat if the article has our name on itthat hSis a gift of quality.J. W.. DAVIS & CO.THE CROXTON CONCERT.Don't forget the Croxton concert onFriday evening, December 12. Everybody who loves good music should go.(5-3t)'CHRISTMAS WHISKIES.The fmous Wiggles worth whiskies3 years old, only $2.00 per gallon."Eight-year-old Sam Clay, in fullquart bottles, only $1.00 per quart.(5-5t) JOHN JOHNSON.SANTA CLAUS' HEADQUARTERSAs usual our store will be SantaClaus' headquarters this year thesame as in years past, only on a larger scale. Great bargains in toys,games, candies, nutj. fruits, etc.Suitaable gifts for the little ones, suchas velocipedes, Irish Mails, roller andice skates, wagons, drums, guns, fireworks, fancy baskets, magic lanterns,in fact, everything that is calculatedto please the children. Bring thecash and we will save you money onyour holiday purchases.(5-5t) LAVIN & CONNELL.WILL SAVE YOU MONEY.Don't fail to read our advertisement on page one of this issue. Wewill save you money on groceries.Bring the cash to our store and getmore than you can elsewhere. Readour prices.(10-tf) T. C. LINEHAN.LARGE MORTGAGE LODGEDWITH COUNTY CLERK PATON.rOne of the largest mortgages filedin the office of County Clerk PearcePaton, was lodged for record yestertne Paris Home Telephone Co. to the0hio Savings Bank and Trust Co., forthe sum of $100,000 and comprisesfifty typewritten pagestCHRISTMAS WHISKIES.The famous Wfcgglesworth whiskey,3 years old, only ?2.00 ner gallon.Eight-year-old Sam Clay, in fullquart bottles, only $1.00 per quart, s(5-5t) JOHN JOHNSON.FIVE KENTUCKIANS PASS .RHODES EXAMINATION.The following applicants for theRhodes scholarship in Kentucky haveoiinnQocfiillv naccail tli o oYaminsitirni, according to a letter received by ther chairman for KentucKy, Dr. M. B. Adams: Roscoe Woods, of Van Arsdale,j Georgetown College;' Saul Hounchell,bf Oneida, Georgetown College; R. TTaylor, of Lagrange, State University; E. T. Proctor, of Leitchfield, StateUniversity; E. P. Applegate, of Louisville, Yale University. On one ofthis quintet xthe scholarship will beconferred by the Board of "Examinerscomposed of Dr. Adams, Dn F. W.Hinitt, Central University; Dr. J. K.Patterson, president emeritus, StateUniversity; Dr. James L. Clark, Kentucky Wesleyan, and Prof. T. B. McCartney, Transylvania. The selection will be made before January 1.BARGAIN TABLES.Our 10c, 25c, and 50c. Bargain 1Tables are showing values that arepositively beyond matching.2-2t) FORD & COATTENDING LIVE STOCKEXHIBIT IN CHICAGO.Messrs. Will Thompson and HenryS. Caywood, of Norh Middletown, thiscounty, left Tuesday for Chicago, toattend the National Live Stock Exhibition. -A FEW SUGGESTIONS.A Are set, carving set, dinner set,chamber set, or water set ma"kes anideal gif-f-we havevthem at prices tosuit. " -"(2-2ULFORD & CO.;COUNCIL TO ELECT OFFICERSAT' MEETING NEXY "THURSDAYWitli a little less than a week before the election of the city officersby the new council at its next meetingThursday night, when it will assumecharge of the city's affairs, candidates in the field for the plums thatare to be dispensed have become exceedingly active. Speculaion as tothe outcome are very difficul and little interest is being manifested inonly two electionsThose around which the most interest centers is that for the positionsof patrolmen tnd that of city attorney.In the latter race there are three candidates in the field. Attorneys P. A.Thompson, John J. WiHiams andWade Whitley, while the candidatesfor the police force positions are Jas.Moreland, G. N. McKenney, CharlesB. Thomas .and J. C Elgin, all members of the present force. Others whohave entered in his contest are LutherLee Collins, Thomas Craven, GeorgeW. Judy and J. W. Fowler.It is rumored that the council willconsider the advisability of putting ontwo new patrolmen to patrol the suburbs of the city and in that event thenumber will be increased from fourto six.City Clerk J. W. Hayden, will, it issaid, have no opposition for reelectionwlftle there are two cadidates in thefield for Inspector of Weights andMeasures, Jos. Godman and MildredKenney, tje latter being the presentincumbent For City Electrician, Wm.Collins, it is said, will have oppositionin the person of Howard Lancaster,who previously held the position, andfor Chief of the Fire Deparment, Chas.Barnett will perhaps ue without opposition, as will John Cain, StreetSuperintendent, and C. K. Thomas forCity Collector and Treasurer. J. W.King, a member of the fire deprtment,from the tax assessment.The members of council who willtake the oath of office Thursday nightare W. T. Brooks, W&ittington Mann,George D. Speakes, Dr. William Kenney, D. C. Parrish, W. O. Hinton andJack Woods.DON'T WORRY.Don't worry ahout what to give forChristmas. Come in our store andlet us suggest and show you some ofthe most beautiful and acceptablegifts that could be bought. Selectwjiat you want and we will lay it asideand deliver when you say.J. T. HINTON.FIRST OPEN SESSION ATTHE PUBLIC SCHOOL TO-NIGHT.The first open session of the yearat the Paris Public School will beheld to-night by the Philosophian Literary Society in the school auditorium. The exercises will begin at 7:30o'clock. A very interesting programhas been arranged with all the numbers pertaining to Kentucky. All patrons of the school are extended a cordial invitation to attend. The program follows:Music Paris High School Band.President's Address Edward Myall.Minutes by Secretary Wayne Cottingham. Debate Resolved, "That in the Future Conditions in the Mauntain Region and Blue Grass Region will beReversed." Affirmative, Selio Wpllstein and Lucien Arnsparge. Negative, Thornton Connell and JohnBurns.Selection Glee Club.Speech "The Paris of the BlueGrass" Dennis ST. Snapp."Old Black Joe" Allen Smith."The Bivouac of the Dead" StuartWallingford."We've Heard" Fithian Arkle."Old Kentucky Home" Glee Club.Music Paris High- School Band.FOR BLACK CAKESAll the ingredients for making blackcake, such as orange peel, lemon peel,citron, seeded raisins, dates, spices, 1etc. Fresh English walnuts, pecans,almonds, figs, etc. Phone us your order and we will save you money.(5-5t) T. C. LINEHAN.FOR THE CHILDREN.We are showing the most durable tline of school shoe' for boys and girls jthat were ever brought- to Paris.They are not rough, heavy goods,but neat and showy, and will weartwice as long or longer than anyother shoe made.(25-tf) GEO. McWILLIAMS.NEGRO RUN OVER AND KILLEDBY L. & N. PASSENGER TRAINJohn Manley, a mulatto, aged abouttwenty-five years, was run over andkilled by a Louisville & Nashvilletrain in the South yards in this cityWednesday night. Whether Manleyfell from the train on which he wasriding or went to sleep on the trackis unknown. His body was discovered lying between he rails by an engine cew "of a northbound freightaH?out midnight. sManley, who was employed with anL extra woking crew of the railroadcompany quit work Wednesday atnoon and in comapany with a negro'by the -name of Ed Walters went toWinchester in the aftenoon. They refturned early in the evening. It is saidManley had been drinking during theafternoon and the supposition is he at-tempted to board the southbound pas-senger train No. 31 and was thrownibeneath the wheels.The body was discovered by the'crew of northbound freight No. 44 andCoroner Davis was immediately notified. The remains were removed othe undertaking establishment of Mr.George W. Davis, on Fifth street,where, it was prepared for burial. Coroner Davis is investigating the deathof the negro.Manley's head was entirely' severed from the body and his legs werebroken and. cut in several places. Twopint bottles of whisky, unbroken, werefound on his person. He has been inthis section for several months, coming; here from Atlanta. Ga., where he1 has a number ot. relatives ana wnere,ins remains wm oe siimpeu iuuuyI Handkerchiefs!We wish to tell j'ou about ourmeNovelties from the Greatest HandlcerrliTef malcers in the world Ttverv 'conceivable idea in hand work, fromIvrance, Armenia and Maderia, in elaborate and dainty embroidery.The new 1 1-4 inch hem embroidered.The rolled and whipped colored edge.The dainty glove handkerchief.The Tiffany antt Longfellow initials in white and colors.The exquisite Maderia work with scalloned edees.The one-corner embroidery in the blind, French knot and seed sticlu MtOur fancy Xmas boxed Handkerchiefs cannot be excelled. ZVery SpecialLadies' All - Linen, sheer one corner embroidery dainty patterns. 25c- quality, only 19c each.Only 60 dozenin the lot. Come early before the assortment is broken.If it is a handkerchiefs j-ou want, we can please 3-011, vHandkerchiefs for the whole family from 3c to 3.0n each. ,.We'will show the largest line of Xmas novelties in the city. xW. Ed Tucker.0IParis' Only Exclusivewa wit 7 jne Keep met 1 Bi Mi aHB iH H WKtr M BHIfWc sell what is good, and ask you tobuy our shoes because they are good.It isn't price that sells our shpes, forshoes can be made to sell at any price.It's Goodness, Merit, Worth aridValue That Sell Them.The same applies to our Children's Shoes.Children are hard on shoes, but most ofthe trouble lies in poor shoes and poorshoe making. Our shoes are good, and" .are made by the best of shoe makers.Give us a call and be convinced.Geo. Mc WilliamsPhones 301mmVictorRecordsforChristmasWherever there's a Victor ' or aVictrola, some new Victor Record?will be a most appropriate gift..- They will add7 to the enjoyment' ofthe instrument and make it practicallynew arain. - .Come in an'd hear some of the latest records. We-'llgladly give you a list of them and play any you vish to hear.mmmmmmmmmmmwmimmmmmmmmmmmmwmmmmmmmmmmmDAUGHERTYPREPARE TO INSTALL NEWCUMBERLAND EXCHANGE.District Manager J. A. Sullivan, ofthe Cumberland Telephone and Telegraph Co., and District Manager C. H.Carroll, of the. Western Union Telegraph Co., were hee Wednesday forthe purpose of making preparationsfor installing the two companies assoon as he second floor of the old OddFellows' building can be overhauledand put in proper condition to installthe new central energy system of theCumberland Co. Both offices will bein the samevbuilding.The new system when completedwill be one of the best and most up-to-date in the -State of Kentucky. Thenew switchboard will be furnished bythe Western Electric Co., and will heof the latest model, and the outsideconstruction will be all cable distri-1 Duiion doing away -with all open wire,-Iflimmense stock we are now showing;.,1 T-r.ytthe villages of Ireland Switzerland,t:IcDry Goods Store.r fiyaaiitjThe Shoe"1VlanijicaaaBgmmz'f.p-WJMwhich is constantly causing trouble.Each subscriber's line will be copperfrom subscribers instrument to theswichboard, which is for greaer fflcincy than iron wire, especially "wrhatalking over long distance.The new system will mea as enormous expenditure to the falEhonecompany. While here Mesr.' &tllirvan and Carroll were the gitesUof the local raan'ager, Mr. H. H. Floyd.TWO EXPERT, TONSORIAL'ARTISTS- NOWEMPLOVir1Buck Freeman, the well-kn-owmbaber, now has employed two' expectonsorial artists and is ready to skall of his old customprs pswhImany new ones. Prorpp svrcfHctei,service, at ah jicua :w."jt- cteura.Give him a call.3-3 1;mn s TBP- IBROS.4-' w' ...HSdr '-' yt-$ir-Mt"iC-t.VT"V"sjflr-V.srxwvmt0mMiMiipa0WmMMartaTHE BOURBON NEWS, PaIUS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 5, 1913.1 W-IImmtHr"MM.4If &'Jjni In.Jl BRONCHIAL COUGHis wearing and dangerous because the inflamed,mucus-filled tubes interfere with breathing and thefresh air passes through that unhealthy tissue.Probably no other remedy affords such promptand permanent relief ao Scott's. Emulsion; itchecks the cough, heals the linings of the thrdatand bronchial tubes and strengthens the lungs todivert tuberculosis. This point cannot be emphasized too strongly that Scott's Emulsion hasbeen suppressing bronchitis for forty years andwill help yOU.Be careful to avoid substitutes and insist on SCOTT'S.AT ANY DRUG STORE. 13-77vtlvMvt9tttifvffCt9tMfl9t9MMMM9flflVVI. C. U. R.Looking For a Place Where YouCan Save Money in BuyingHoliday NecessitiesHere is the plnce that can save you from 25 to 50per cent, on all your wants. We carry a fuli line ofMen's, Boys' and Children's Ready-to-WearClothes,Consisting of Suits, Overcoats, Odd Pants, Hunting, Coats, Etc. A full line of Men's, Ladies' and Children's Footwear. Ladies' Suits, Cloaks and Skirts,Misses' and Children's Dresses. A nice assortmentJ of Holiday Jewelry and many other items too nu-merous to mention, in which we can save youe meney. Be sure and make this store your head-quarters when you come to town.You will be con-m vinced when you give us a trial.I STAR CLOTHING HOUSE,J. ELVOVE, Prop.J Our Call Home Phone?360lntm9lt99tfftffttM8tttttMtMfMmttmifM9lTO FULL PUBPSEBS!p-$f you are looking for a goodSuit or Overcoat,at reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, here is the placeto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Overcoats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we areoffering them as a special inducement forWe also have a full line1ia ilored Suits for $15 to-J'fce: 1 .. J UOther lines of merchandise can be had at a price thatwill please your pocket-book. -TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP.T.L. Wollstein, Proprietor.Fllltffc AND HIDESl mg T-V HIGHEST MARKET PRICE PAIDKm " FOR RAW FURS AND HIDESH WAV Waot on Commission. Writ for priceJUnfl WnlJt&UUi LOU!SVILLE,KY.raswrxvTcrPans OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.t Yoiitwiirbe surprised wfren we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried usbefore.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats'Cleaned andReblockedjto your satisfaction."We Call ForJ and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy,Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c!" " "" MBGEO. W DAVISFCNE8AL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEB.BOTH'PHONES DAY 187; NIGHT 399.ttm12.98of Schloss Bros guaranteed$25. Emerson Shoes at $4T r-l UCleaning Co.nmzteM&JJnflmWmi,.SICK, SO(JRv STOMACH"Pme "Pape's Diapepsin!'' lh FiveMinutes all Stomach MiseryIs Gone"Really does" put badvstomachs inorder "really does" overcome indigestion, dyspepsia, gas, heartburn andsourness in five minutes that justthat makes Pape's Diapepsin the largest selling stomach regulator in theworld. If what you eat ferments into stubborn lumps, you belch gas,and eructate sour, undigested foodand acid? head is dizzy and aches;breath foul; tongue coated; your insides filled with bile and indigestiblewaste, remember the moment "Pape'sDiapepsin" comes in contact with thestomach all such distress vanishesIt's truly astonishing almost marvelous, and the joy is its harmlessness. A large fifty-cent case will giveyou a hundred dollars' worth of satisfaction or your druggist hands youyour money back.It's worth its weight in gold to menand women who can't get their stomachs regulated. It belongs in yourhome should always be kept handyin case of a sick, sour, upset stomach during the day or at night. It'sthe quickest, surest and most harmless stomach doctor in the world.(adv)Ret in Forgetfulness."Who does not love to shuffle offtime and its concerns at intervals toforget who is president and who isgovernor, what race he belongs to,what language he speaks and to listen to the great liquid metronome asit beats its solemn measure, steadilyswinging, when the solo or duet ofhuman life began, and to swing just assteadily after the human chorus hasdied out and man is a fossil on itsshores." The Autocrat of the Breakfast Table.HOW TO BANKRUPT DOCTORS.A prominent New York physiciansays "If it were not for the thinstockings and thin soled shoes wornby women the doctors would probably be bankrupt." When you contract a cold do not wait for it to develop into pneumonia, but treat it atnno.pChamberlain's Cough Remedy:n ;,i,i iii& mttJiiueu especiallyfor coughs andcolds, and has won a wide reputationby its cures of these diseases. It ismost effectual and is pleasant andsafe to take. For sale bv all dealers.(Dec) (adv)Stain Remover.It is sometimes difficult to keep thekitchen paper tree from grease btains.They may be removed entirely if amixture of pipe clay and water madethe consistency of cream is spreadover them and allowed to remain overnight. In the morning it should beremoved with a clean brush or cloth.CALIFORNIA WOMANSERIOUSLY ALARMED."A short time ago I cbntracted asevere cold which settled on my lungsand caused me a great deal of annoy-ance. I would have bad coughingj spells and my lungs were so sore andinflamed I began to be seriously, alarmed. A friend recommended-Chamberlain's Cough Remedy, saying she had used it for years. Ibought a bottle and it relieved my! cough the first night, and in a weekj JliiSawtelle, Car For sale by all deal-ers.(adv)How It Really Happened.Once man ground gram betweentwo flat stones to procure meal.Christian Science Monitor.Never! Woman did it, while friendman sat around and told the boysabout the big one that got away.Detroit NewE-Tribun'j.DEAFNESS. CANNOT BE CUREDBy local applications, as they cannot reach the diseased portions of theear. There is only one way to curedeafness, and that is by constitutional remedies. Deafness is nearlyalways caused by an inflamed condition of the mucous lining of the Eustachian tube. When this tube is inflamed you have a rumpling sound orimpaired hearing, and when it is entirely closed, deafness is the result,and unless the inflammation be taken out and this tube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will be destroyed forever; nine cases out often are caused by Catarrh, which isnothing but an inflamed condition ofthe mucous surfaces.We will give One Hundred Dollars for any case of deafness (causedby catarrh) that cannot be cured byHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for cir-F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (Dec.) (adv)Unwlu KindneM.Occasionally a man sets by with atremendous blufi simply because hisfriends are kind-hearted and hate tospoil a beautiful specimen of self.,esteem.fNDIGESTlON, GAS OR iSNAKEPet Game Cock Kills CopperheadAbout to Strike Little Three-year-oldPlaymate.Steubenville, .Ohio. Little HarryFinley, the three-year-old son of FrankFinley of this city, owes his life tothe courage and quick action of Pete,a big game cock, vfhich probablyfought the oddest battle of his career.Pete, as usual, was waiting for theappearance of his little playmate nearhis coop in the back yard. When thelad did not show up the old fighterstarted on a hunt for the boy anddiscovered him near the barn playingin the dirt.As the rooster was hurrying over togreet its little chum he saw a copperhead snake rise in front of the childand draw back its head preparatoryto burying its fangs m the lad's face.Pete, without a moment's hesitation,was at the reptile. Dashing in andout, dodging and leaping, the roosterwarily watched for an-opening to buryits "heels" in the head of the reptile.Slowing drawing the snake away fromthe child, Pete finally found a chanceand like a flash drove his spurs deepinto the brain of the snake. Thechild's mother saw the finish of thebattle.GALLOWS WITH A HISTORYInstrument of Legal Death Has Figured In Many Notable Executionsin the Past.Cheyenne, Wyo. When, on Friday,"November 14, J. Warren Jenkins isexecuted for the murder of his wife,formerly Jessie Root . of Brighton,Colo., he will be hanged on a gallows with a history.The machine is that on which theiamous Tom Horn was hanged here in1903. It was built by James Julian ofCheyenne in 1889, for use in executingCharles Miller, a double murderer, andworked so well when Miller was hanged that it was "knocked down" andheld for future use.Two years ago it was sold to thestate, the law having been adoptedproviding that all hangings shouldtake place in the penitentiary at Rawlins, and on May 24, 1912, was usedto execute Joseph Seng, a murdererfrom Evanston.The machine is of the automatic description, the weight of the condemned on the trap opening a faucet andreleasing a fatream of water, the trapspringing when sufficient water hasescaped to cause a counter-weight todrop.NOSE BUILT FROM HIS RIBBone Taken From Railroad Brakeman's Side Gives Him EntirelyNew Organ.Baltimore, Md. Adam Williams ofPittsburgh, a railroad brakeman, Iwhose nose was broken last winterwhen he struck an overhead bridge, isjconvalescing in a local hospital herewith a new nose built of bone taken Ifrom one of his ribs. After he washurt the surgeons removed the broken jbones from his nose, but he had to jbreathe tlnough silver tubes until the jwound had healed. This, however,left him minus to nasal bones, and thebridge of his nose was flat on hisface. Recently the burgeons decidedupon a second operation. Ihey madean incision in his right side, sawed athin piece of bone from his third rib,and cut it into two pieces the shape ofthe two nasal bones. These werefitted against the cheek bone and thenose fashioned into its proper shape.TVt nreir flit-n Timn nlninil itr n Tlloofni"x lie uuoc Liicn nao jjiov-cu iu a jiaaitji icast, and the doctors say it is as good 'as ever.!HAS A TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE,?eter Francis Is Imbedded Neck Deep !in River Mud During Entire NightPhiladelphia. Imbedded neck deep 'm the mud of the Schuylkill river from j3 o'clock in the afternoon until '7:30 o'clock in the morning was a!terrible experience that came to Pe-ter Francis, who is in the Germanhospital partly paralyzed and able to jspeak only in monosyllables. The phy- jsicians wonder that he kept his rea-'son. Francis was seen by an oarsman, who rowed over to a figure hesaw with neck only above water andhead lolling. He called park guardsand Francis was extricated. He isbelieved to have slipped off a rockwhile walking along the shore.Gobbler Sits on Abandoned Eggs.Glassboro, N. J. A turkey gobblerthat is lord of the barnyard at William McFadden's place, near here, hastaken up the task of trying to toatchout a nest of eggs deserted by a rebellious hen. When the hen abandonedthe nest and refused to sit any longerthe old gobbler plucked out some ofhis downy breast feathers to make asoftef bed for the eggs and proceededto do the setting himself. Neighborshave visited the McFadden farm toview the curiosity, and they are anxiously waiting to see what the gobblerwill do shtmld he succeed in hatchingout a brood of chicks.Slit Skirt Causes Riot.Ayden, N. C. A pretty nineteen-year-oldgirl appeared on the streetshere wearing a generously slit skirt.She did it on a wager. A crowd ofhooting men and boys followed her. Apoliceman hove in sight, escorted, thegirl to a nearby millinery shop, ordered the slit sewed up, then called acarriage, placed the girl in it, sent heron her way home and then chased theYOUTH SAVED FROMAFTERSflEHHQSICKNESS; orOPERAT10It is a pathetic mistaketo accept drugs or alcoholic mixtures when naturecraves nourishment to repairthe wasted body and restorethe vigor of health.For forty years the best physicians have relied on the wholesome predigested nourishmentin Scott's Emulsion whichis totallyfree from alcohol or opiates.Scott's Emulsion sharpensthe appetite renews bloodnourishes nerves strengthensbones and restores the courageof health to make life bright.Scott's Emulsion sets in actionthe very forces that promote health;it is pure, rich strength. 13-soxJttwm-tiVAiim wiT.TniiM:iTyranny Over the Mind.I have sworn upon the altar of Godeternal hostility against every form oftyranny over the mind of man. Jefferson. lew BarbershopWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite Service. yEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORD6 v p9I YVWVY-I JKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave Lexington . Leave ParisFor Paris" for Lexington"6.00 a m 6:45 a m7:20 a m -7:30 a m8:00 a m 8:15 a m8:50 a m 9:00 a m10:20 a m 9:45 a m11:50 a m 11:15 a m1:20 p m t 12:45 p m5:20 p ms 2:15 p m3:30 p m 3:45 p m4:20 p mN 4:30 p m5:00 p m 5:15 p m7:20 p m - 6:45 p m9:10 p m , 8:15 p m11:00 p m 10:05 p mDaily except Sunday.BUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop.Three Expert Artists; NoWaits.Hot and CoIdBaths.Main it. - Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.-F ft wVtKindness, courtesy and punctuality,Endeavor we to--give you.Less money, good quality, f 'Long weight; and anyEncouragement we appreciate.Ring 715 and 106 and we will'Send your order and our thanks.Keller Grocery CompanyProfessional CtrtsDr. ,Wm. Kenney, .PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street. -Office Phones i1E. T. 334.Home 334.ResidenceDR. A. H KELLER,Pbacticing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentuckyJ J. WIIiTTAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks Building.4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits'Are GuaranteedYODTAKE NO RISKS,If You Are InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000PulIyVaidSpecial Kates fr Excursions. .Round trip Winter Tourists to allprincipal winter resorts in Alabama,.Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Iississippi, South Carolina and Havana,.Cuba, on sale daily Oct. 1, 1913, untilApril 30, 1914, with final limit Iay 311914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas and New Mexico, on saledaily Nov. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberal Jstopovers allowed on ah winter tomvist tickets. Also low round tripI Homeseekers' tickets to points in Arizona, Arkansas, Louisiana, Missouri,.New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas, Ala-bama, Florida, 'Mississippi, Colorado,.Kansas, Montana, Nevada North Da-kota, South Dakota and Clifornia out, ,sale first and third Tuesdays of eaciLsmonth, final limit 25 days from date-of sale, stopovers allowed in Home-I seekers' territory.For further infor-j mation, call no or address,W. H. HARRIS, Agent.T. K. SMITH, T. A.JCfclttJOlWmyv; ii. f 3fZBPni!T-fVtV. ' hItB'": 'crowd.n&-iiri"jr &lvIxS..TtvjV4T-3rt.-7zJpBtejwf 3&i'Z7 "v-. "Tar ' - 3KV,. -,t-T-Sdft.1 rJ .THE. BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DE&MBER 5, 1913'ommmmmmmommmmmmwmWwmwW' rCERTIPIED CHEGk COFFEEt THE AROMAt DELICIOUSTry it To-dayUse it alwaysCosts Less Worth More. XNo Other Coffee Like It;44fr$; Attention!-siLadiesr B b-Twin Bros. Department Store'''"1-, ' - ANNOUNCES - ,,vSpecial Reductions For Ten Days in .Cloaks9 Skirts, Shoes, Millinery, Waists, Purs, Etc.; Also inSUITS,!-Silks, Dry Goods, Dress Goods, Underwear, Corsets, Etc.s$mL L. vw -ItWill Pay You Well to Call and, ... ... ' . chases atMa,ke Your Pur- !MMEWr HI wL BPTCorner 7th and Main Streets.tMIPILES! PILES! PILES!"WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMEr"'Will cure Blind, Bleeding and Itchinjr PiJt absorbs the tumors, allays itching at on-acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.Tor sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 81 ,WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, 01i.. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.SEE USIrOR- CANCER CURED S- !I auarantee every case I un- . m5 dertake; 20 years practice; ref- J- erence, any citizen of Paris.-DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, , Ky.Blioiiograpli i. Ao? fin - ImiIf -,RecordsTHE WONDERS OFA SALMON "RUN."The world's greatest salmon runeare to be found along the shores ofthe l.orth Pacific Ocean., in the Statesof Washington, Oregon and California, the province of British Columbia, and Alaska, on the Americanside, and Siberia and Japan on theAsiatic side. So far, however, fewsalmon have been canned on the Asiatic side..To one who has never witnessedthese annual runs it is almost an impossibility to convey an adequate impression of the countless numbers' offish that swim in from the sea in thelate spring and summer, all imbuedwith the same desire to gain suit-ON SECOND THOUGHTBe what you are. People are sometimes willing to accept the cheap article, but they hate an imitation. ,The flaw in the story of GeorgeWashington and the cherry tree isthe allegation that George choppedit down with a hatchet.If you wish to hear uncomplimentary things about the doctors talkconfidentially to one of them.Eph Wiley says he wouldn't go. sofar as to say women chase men, buthe has noticed that hen he meets aman going south he shortly afterwardencounters a woman headed in thesame direction.Inasmuch as it requires no courageto criticise the management of theI ctiert vnilTiroif "fli ? n rrrri rlaol rf?He5"?dsJAe.up??1; reach9 o'that sort of thing going on in everythe rivers, some of which are from1,500 to 2,500 miles in length, wherecommunity.The fact that you get up early ev-3vCCIi-t ."':b tati-v ,i-" Vio thermometerrLr.sids ii -iu o cr C5 below zero,liidicc-cj Arc RoofingV czii I bM afiesrsd a particle.Xo ir.:4lr i" "s curves or-volleys of-i tv.r vjc v?u no 1 i d tin to coveri e:-i,-:-r Ar-nv-tocl ARC ROOFING' is v 'rv 'ro. It i r.e I. -ect Roofing,a 6. dc ii .i i" r j r..'. j is r o higher than- rt-r. l!:j cv wt-1 ',z wzcl.v. -iti'''-r'7o-'""!; to refund tbomonejJ! xzr ....n .i 1 J.t t JoU . jrhtactorr.A?.rA" GAVATCD HOOFING CO.fSM by Milkrsburg Coal andLumbre Co.,Millersbur, Ky-Strayed-NATIONAL5c and 10cStoreOct 3 tfSfy,rtPo?etua.te. thKeh sPecies;lery morning is no particular credit to' you. The chances are that you haveto get up early in order to make aNo obstacle appears to be too greatto be surmounted in this feverishrush, Jumping falls, shooting rapids , Uvi-g f(r you; family and yourself.UUUS"J3 "ctff, ucdis, onus, luiuii., ui- nU rr,av oavc fho hoc- tim tnter and other enemies, fighting with! 6 , W,L iust after he hasnrhpr mnlps whom th ni- nnnrnh . aPPacii a man is just aiter ue nat,Mfftal SlatsV7cforuShiImperial 5hle-OrintaJSWoUHtusmmiEiother males, whom the near approachof the breeding season renders es-dined heartily and well, and the worsttime is just after he has finishedpic Bava6C-a.i .uCO aie tcuveu , shaving himself with a safety razor,ass a, iiiu-tLtsi ji uuurse. i.xiu yet oiisometimes wonders if the heroicstruggle is worthily repaid, for themoment of victory is also the momentof death, as, sad to relate, these valiant voyagers can breed but once, andthen must die, their wasted bodies,which have received no nourishment,since leaving salt water, becoming !the prey of prowling bear or carrionbird who may chance upon them.Whv tlioco ficli cVirmlrl all rlio nftrspawning still remains one of the why a man who can write such goodgreat unsolved mysteries of the sci-1 detective stories wants to bother hisentific world From "The Salmon ,"eau wiuimieiw vei se. u nauuEvery homely man. believes he resembles the late Abraham Lincoln.An actor can attract a good deal ofattention ,b'y having had only onewife. 'Conan Doyle, the English novelist,has published a book of poems atleast he calls them poems and theKansas City Journa: rises to inquireThe four designs of Cortright Metal Shingles as shown above aremade in any of the following ways :. 1 . Stamped from Tin-plate and painted Red.2. Stamped from Tin-plate and painted Green.3. Stamped from Tin-plate and Galvanized by a hand-dipping proce.4. Stamped from special tight-coated Galvanized Sheets.Each and every genuine Cortright Metal Shingle is embossedwith this-Trade-mark," Cortright Reg. U. S. Pat. Off." kFor Sale byBest & Hawkins, Millersburg, Kyi:per rUHUUBIcent, $ioo to $ioo,ooW. KING & SON,125 Cheapsldcw Lexington, KyMere Is the HogFisheries of the Pacific," in WorldWide Magazine.MALE STENOGRAPHERSFAST DISAPPEARINGAnd Some Wall Street Goata.Over 3,000,000 animals were slaughtered invNew York last year, but atthat a lotof asses managed to moketheir getaway. Philadelphia Inquirer. 4ttt,6 z "Where has the male stenogra-' pher gone?" This is the problemI occupying the attention of the civilDayton, O., which has not yet re-'service commissioners, who are concovered from the disastrous flood of j vinced that he has joined the departlast March, is determined to entrust ed auk and the DoGo bird. Effortsits destinies into the hands of some have been made, and made strenu-dictator, whom it will call a city man-1 ously, in the recent past, to ensnaresome of the species for positions paying, from $840 to $900 a year, butager; ine 30D nas Deen tentativelyoffered Col. Goethels, at any salary inreason, but Col. Goethels has declined. Now it is stated that Daytonwill fiy after bigger game and askMr. Roosevelt to take the placedrav mare fifteen hands high, framlwhen he comes back from Southtit Rourbon Tobacco WarehouseFifteenth street, Ust Monday. Has-gristle on left shoulder and cornertpbth knocked out.M. F. DAVIS,. ' , Parte, Ky.America. Mr. Roosevelt will not takeit. but there are several members pfMr. Roosevelt's party who recentlywithout avail"I can give no reason for the scarcity of stenographers among men,"says Commissioner Doyle, "exceptthat they do not like the work."Women apparently have driventheir male competitors from the stenographic fields but in certain, lines ofno doubt, isv that Mr. Doyle has aboutexhausted the possibilities of Mr.Sherlock Holmes. The latest Sherlock Holmes story, as published inCollier's Weekly, is but a pale echoof the original creation.MUST HAVE STAMPSFOR CHRISTMAS RUSHI aspired to the same job in Louisville J stenographic work government offiand failed to land. All or .tnem are,Cials desire to employ mere malesnow open to engagements. f -" ; --x -z ' . v , ,Issuing the forecast that the "coming holiday seasoiC the first one underthe parcels post law, will witness theheaviest postal business that the service has ever experienced, the Postoffice Department at Washington hascalled on postmasters throughout thecountrv to see to it that they do notJ run out of 'postage stamps. At thesame time, while postmasters were'warned not to let their stocks run outj they likewise were cautioned not toorder too 'many stamps, rnereiore,the department endowed its postmasters with powers of divination vandprophecy.' "'- VV-tVogueClothesFORYoung CentlemenA Special Feature with usLexington, Ky.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,Enclosed find photo of hog that wascured of cholera with your BourbonHoe Cholera Remedy. -This hog wasalmost dead before using the medicine,and then was entirely curea, exceptloss of ears, tail, etc. The hog isowned by Mr. Sidles Ewing, of Bawling Green, Ky. He will he glad tofive you a testimonial, and we cam gatarchil more if you want them.JENKIN8-STJBLBTT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Yeur Dniffiat f er It, .FOfTSALli iy W. T. MOOKS.Suits andOvercoats -:l $18.00 to$20.00King Quality Shoes ForMen and BoysHiggins 8 FlannapDoyle BuildingOct3tf4-ttr4.-Vmtimmmmmmmmmmmm$&&"S-THE-BOURBONNEWS, PARI?; KENTUCKY. DECEMBER S, 19T3.jft 'J- ilA,?.i-B1tilAMmM:Plifci. !?iI!.1lilt11Ii .? 31it, 1H1'i.ii i(I$Mfit51uiHIS OF M1LLERSBURG-Mr. B. A. Neal is ill with fever.-Mrs.J. C. Figlitmaster is quiteill.-Mrs. J. H. Collier is on the sicklist-' Mrs. M. J. Caldwell is confined'vn:o her bed with a deep cold.i Mr. N. W. Henderson has receivedrata position as storekeeper at Frankfort. ' Mr. nd Mrs. O. E. Hurst, Mr. nd'.JJrs. O. H. Collier were in LexingtonTuesday.' tMr and Mrs. E. C. Hawkins visitedfriends in Paris Tuesday and Wednesday. Mrs. W. A. Munzing, of Maysville,arrived Wednesday as guest of herrf imother, Mrs. Martha A'imont and family, .j'There will be a student recital atjjjf the M. F. C. today at three p. m.All friends of the institution are in', Yited." Mr. Clarence Wasson has accept-ed a position as salesman at JonesV Bros.' until fter the Christmas holi-0 uo; o.Mr. iM. jr. uoiiier ana oners were at our atore TIley mae most ain Maysville, Thursday, attending the ceptable gifts. Come in and see. opening day of the trial of Mr. Reese our jme 0f goods.Clarke. , J. T. HINTON.Mesdames J. B. Cray and W. S.y Judy leave today for a few days visit FRANK CROXTON CONCERT, to their brother, Mr. E. B. Current, im ttTPARIS DECEMBER 12.P. Collier and ohers wereLexington.Mr. Augustus Bedinger was giventhe second degree in Amity LodgeNo. 40, F. & 'A. M., -f uesday nightwork was put on by W. A. Bulert,W.M.Mrs. M. E. Pruitt and childrenarriyed Monday from Stanfard, and arenow thoroughly installed in their newhome recently vacated by Mr. G. W.Bramblette and family.' Miss Amelia Hurst, who underwent an operation at St. Joseph Hospital, in Lexington, for appendicitis,about two weeks ago, was brought.home Wednesday, and is doing nicely.Look for th best and you willfind it in our store. In this class witha .full line of builders' hardware,plumbing material, cook stoves, heating stoves, ranges, guns, ammunition,aH kinds of sporting goods, wirefence, steel posts, and harness of allkinds. Come and see us.BEST & HAWKINS(21-tf) 9 Millersburg, Ky.Millersburg was somewhat flushwith entertainments Monday night,with the Danish Musical Club at theM. F. C, and "Old Kentucky Home"at the Opera House. Each in theirway did very well. The Danish Mu:sical Club was a success, and most ofthe members were artists. The vocalnumber and the violin numbers wereExceedingly good. On the whole itvvas a pronounced success. The Barlow Cohipany, the troupe putting on"Old Kentucky Home" at the OperaHouse did not, of courso, ran : -Amongthe best, but their entertainment wasvery creditabl0, and tney filled a lonefelt desire on the pari.attended for somethingof those whoof a theatrical1 Si' m'I EveryDayShoes. For The Holiday Shoppers.A Clearance Sale of all short and brokenlines we must have to make room for ourenormous stock of the ,Best and Most Fashionable FootwearForMen, Women and Children at Record-Breaking Low Prices.:jtf-WLaaasaisF euMsccarnature. Otic people are hungry for'something good in the theatrical line.Mrs. O. E. Hurst will entertain atrook to-day.Most- of our business houses arenow inholiday attire. Some of the' Christmasdecorations are more at-rived Monday from Stanford and areare anticipating ana preparing for agood Christmas trade.Miss Leona Letton entertained atrook yesterday. There were four tables!, and the occasion was one of themost enjoyable of the season. Afterthe games refreshments of ice creamand cake were served.Oitv Council met in regular session Wednesday night, but there waslittle business brought before theboard for consideration. The oldBoard of Supervisors, composed ofMessrs. C. W. Ingles, J. H. Stewarand O. H. Collier, were reelected.The matter of purchasing an additional dynamo for installation in theelectric plant after the first of tfleyear, when the business of the plantof the past year will be gone over, andthe advisability of the purchase of additional equipment will be fully considered. BEAUTIFUL PICTURES.The most select line of pictures1 ever shown in Paris is now on displayLet everybody go to the FrankCroxton concert Friday night, Dec.12, at the Baptst church. Mr. Croxton is the son of Prof. Chester Croxton, formerly of Paris, and has gaineda national reputation as a baritonesinger. Those who have heard himwant to hear him again.(28-3t)S.The Christian church choir willgive its regular monthly concert nextSunday night, Dec. 7. Everybody isinvited. A good program is assured.Sunday, December 7, will be observed as annual C. W. B. M. Day bythe local auxiliary, and -Rev. J. H. McNeill, pastor of the Winchester Christian Church, will deliver an addressappropriate to the occasion.USEFUL GIFTS.Don't give trash for Christmaspresents. Buy something useful aswell as ornamental. Let us suggestone of those handsome rockers weare now showing.J. T. HINTON.Fish Affected by Water.Experiments by aquarium expertshave indicated that salt water bathswill cure some ills of fresh waterfish, while fresh Aater makes sickdeep sea denizens well.EXwEFfflnnRBJGfflHOLIDAYFOOTWEARAn Enormous Shipment of HolidayShoes and Rubbers of Everv Con-ceivable Kind is Now Crowding.Us For Room.Witnesses the Arrival ofJust a$4:50 Ladies! G. M. and Patent.4.00 Ladies' Gun Metals r3.50 Ladies' Patent Cloth Top '4.00 Ladies' Tan Suede c2.00 Ladies' Gun MetalWatch the Mechanical Walk-Over Manin Or Window.DEATHSFREDERICK.Mrs. Anna Frederick, aged 26years, died at the home of her husband, John ' Frederick, on Secondstreet, after an illness of severalmonths of pulmonary tuberculosis.Mrs. Frederick besides her husband,is survived by two small childen, ason and daughter. They came to thiscity two years ago from Needmore,Nicholas county.The body was taken to the homeof Mrs. Frederick's parents, Mr. andMrs. Small, at Needmore, leavingParis at ten o'clock yesterday morning, and will be interred in the familyburying ground to-day.N. O. MOLASSESrFresh barrel of fine New Orleansmolasses just opened.(2-lt) C. P. COOK & CO.LATEST FICTION.We have a most complete stock ofthe. latest novels ever brought toParis. All standard books and by thebes authors,v (28-tf) PARIS BOOK STORE.MATRIMONIALROBERTS-WAUGH.Harry M. Waugh and Miss-Mr.Clora Elizabeth Roberts were quietlymarried Tuesday afternoon at 4o'clock, the' Rev. N. H. Bradley officiating. The groom is of a highly-respectedfamily of Carlisle, while thebride is one of the most attractiveyoung ladies of Paris.SAUER.Mrs. Mary Sauer, aged about fiftyyears, died at her home in Lexington,yesterday morning about 7 o'clock, after an illness of about a .-year. Mrs.Sauer was the wife of Mr. Fred Sauerformerly of Paris.A number of years ago Mr. Sauerconducted a grocery store in this city,moving with his family to Lexingtonwhere he has since been in business.The deceased ,is a sister-in-law ofMessrs. William and John Sauer, Mrs.James Doty and Mrs. Ida Batterton,of this city. Besides her husband,she is survived by two sons, Messrs.Fred K. and John W. Sauer.BEAUTY PARLORS.Ladies, your toilet is incomplete fora wedding, dance or reception without a visit to our beauty parlors.Our expert artist, Miss Beitz, willmanicure your nails and dress yourhair in incomparable style if you willcall. Please phone and make engagements. All kinds of beauiiful novelties for hair dressing.(25-tf) MRS. M. A. PATON.FOR THE CHILDREN.All kinds of games and books for.e children. Buy your Santa Clausthe little ones from us.28-tf) PARIS BOOK STORE.m"fnFew of Our Values$3.492.992.492.99,1.49Men's Famous Walk-Over Shoes ....$4.00$4.50 Men's G. M.v button and lace 3.994.00 Men's Tan, button and lace 2.993.00 Men's Patent, button and lace 2.4;92,50 Men's G. M.f button and lace,.WILL OF C. M. CLAYAMDITTED'TO PROBATE."The last will and testament of thelate Hon. Cassius M. Clay was admitted to probate in the County Courtvbefore Judge Denis Dundon Wednesdayafternoon. It is as follows:I, Cassius M. Clay, Jr., of the countyof Bourbon, and State of Kentucky, dothis day, April 4, 1903, make this mylast will and testament, written entirely by my own hand, towit:, 1. I give and bequeath to my wife,Mary H. Clay, the same rights andpersonal property that she would posrsess under the law, had I died intestate. 2 I give to my graddaughter, MaryHf Clay, the daughter of Junius BClay, the sum of one ($1.00) dollar3. J give he balance of my estateof all description, with such exceptions as are hereafter named, to myfour living children, Annie L. ClayMrs. Sue E. Goodman, Cassius M. ClayII, and John Harris Clay, to be equallydivided between them, 'and in caseany one of these four shall die withoutissue, then such one-s property slial"go equally to the suryiyors of thesefour or their issue.4. I hereby deed and give to Annie L.Clay and Cassius M. Clay,IY,tobe. held in perpetuel trust, a smal'tract of land, situated in my gardencontaining the graves of my fatherB. J. Clay, and others. The said tractto be twenty-five yards square andbounded on two sides by the orchardand yard. The aid tract to be kepsacred for its purpose, and on thedeath of either of said trustees, theCounty Judge of Bourbon county canon motion of anyone interested or related to those buried therein, appointa successor to fill such vacancy.5. I give to my daughter, Annie L.Clay, the silver service belonging tomy mother, and such other personaproperty asi belonged to her, includingher portrait. To my daughter, Sue EGoodman.I give such personal propertyas belonged to her mother, includingher portrait. To my son, Cassius M.Clay, IV, I give my watch, scientificinstruments, and books on scientflcsubjects, and my father's portraits.To my son, John H. Clay, I give all myfishing and hunting tackle and appliances 6. I hereby appoint Mrs. C. M.r.lav. Jr.. and Annie L. Clay, my ex-! editors, both to act without bond andsecurity, and in case tor any causeeither of these do not act, then theBourbon County Court, must appointsome proper person to adminster tomy estate. , '(Signed) CASSlUS M. CLAY, JR."Codicil No. 11, C. M. Cly, Jr., domake this codicil to my will of Apil 4,1903, written, this day, 'April 27, 1903,entirely with my own hand, towit: Inthe said will I mean that ,my wifeshall receive exactly what she wouldunder the law had I died intestate.Also that she shall receive all articles that she has paid for with herown money.(Signed)C. M. CLAY, JR.Codicil No. 21, C. M. Clay, domake to my will of April 4,1903, written entirely with my own hand tinsM dav. Julv 21. 1906, the following codicil, towit: I hereby appoint my orouipr. Col. E. F. Clay, and Mr. Wm. Myall, executors of my will and estate,in lieu of those appointed in the will1.99tWKKEKBMtWEBBBSBBOWBtkHow to Detect theAlum Baking Powder"Which are the alum baking powders;how can I avoid them unless they are named?asks a housekeeper.Here is one way: take the can of a lowpriced powder in your hand and read theingredient clause upon the back label Thelaw requires that if the powder contains alumthat fact must be there stated. If you findone of the ingredients named alum, or sulphate of aluminum, you have found an alumbaking ponder.There is another and a better way. Youdon't have to know the names of the alumpowders. Use Royal Baking Powder only;that assures you a cream of tartar powder,and the purest and most healthful bakingpowder beyond question.and they shall not be required to givesecurity.(Signed) C. M. CLAY.I, C. M. Clay, of sound mind, do thisday, April 12, 1911, make he followingcodicil to my will of jApril 1903,written entirely with piy own hand,owit: I hereby appoint my son-in-law,W. R. Shackleford, as an additionalexecutor inconjunction with Col. E.P. Clay and Wm. Myall, heretoforeappointed executors in my will of 1903and codicils. xHe shall not be required to give surety.(Signed) C. M. CLAY.I, C. M. Clay, this day, Nov. o, 1913,being of sound and disposing mind,io make this additional codicil to mywill of April 1903, written entirelywiht my own hand, towit: I direct myexecutors to pay the expenses of mytwo sons, Cassius M. Clay, Jr., andJohn Harris Clay, in getting a collegiate education, said money to be paidas they need it, in pursuing such object, and that the first $6,000 'of suchamounts Uiai! not be charged againstthpim in thedi ision of my estate.Also they shall have from my estatethe sum of $9,000 each free from anylimitations whatever, the said amoimtbeing about" the same I have given mydaughter, Mrs. -hackleford. I alsogive absolutely to my daughter, Mrs.Sue Clay Goodman, the sum of $4,000to equalize her with her sister and mytwo sons. The object of the aboveprovision is to equalize my four children. I also, out of the proceeds ofmy estate, bequeath $200 each to Geo.Felds, Ed. Felds, Hamlton Ayers andMahala Brent and $100 each to Geo.Brent, Bob Watts, Willis Fields, andLewis Wats. I appoint T. J. Curtis,of Madison county, executor of myestate in place of Wm, Myall. Thisis not because of my want of confidence in Mr. Myall, but for other reasons, so that Col. E. F. Clay, W. It.Shackleford and T. J. Curtis will becharge any commission " or fee, astrustee or manager of any of my children's property.The above codicil is written 'entirelywith my own hand.(Signed) C. M. CLAY."HAPPY MARRIAGES."Are the result of knowing the lawsof health" and nature. All the knowledge a young -woman, man, wife ordaughter should have, is containedthe People's Medical Adviser, by R. VPierce, M. D. This big Home DoctorBook containing 1008 pages with engravings and colored plates, andbound inlcloth, (nearly 700,000 copiesformerly sold for $1.50 each), is sentfree to any one sending 31 one;centstamps to prepay cost of wrappingand postage. There are no conditions to this offer and the readermust not associate this book with theadvertising pamphlets prepared by!quacKs tnrougnout the country. Address 662 Washington St., Buffalo, N.Y. (adv)Horse Tain.Assinine questions are apt to getnulishrPDlies.glill li The JW Shop IThe Women Folk AreNow Doing Their FancyWork For Christmas !I am selling Linens of air kinds, doingStamping' o'f Exquisite Designs, and havelots of Fancy Work Novelties suitable forChristmas Gifts. I ;would appreciate a ' callfrom all the ladies who are interested in myline of work. vCHRISTMAS WHISKIES.The famous Wigglesworth whiskey,3 years old, only $2.00 per gallon.Eight-year-old Sam Clay, in fullquart bottles, only $1.00 per quart.(5-5t) JOHN JOHNSON.YES THEY ARE.McDougall Kitchen Cabinets arethe cabinets you want. See window.J. T. HINTON.LOST.Large pointer dog, about one yearold; long tail, liver and white spotsand a few spots on the nose. Answersto the namjs of "Spat." Liberal reward for return toGRANT OVERBY.' 5-lt Paris, JCy.For Sale-FOOS Gas Engine; 4-horse power,with special heavy electric fly wheels;will easily develop 6-horse power; rebuilt and as good as new. Apply toPARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(5-3t)1iJBIG DISPLAY OFToys, Etc.- NATIONAL5c and 10cStore9 Oct 3 tf9&899S99HolidayUs,v H1"IjiT3-A-3ST CODEIEJJSrMR$ W,"E. BOARD1$1imH. -r