s- --vON N'XPUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCT. 10, 1913.rt3H3B?;m'V'Ob'Xk'PREII!"WE KNOW HOW"EWSTHfci1Alvin Silver PlateIs Made in But OneQuality"THE VERY BESTSee the George WashingtonPattern in Our Window '- aiiVi e mf FLOUR! 1.Col'Lancaster Pride.VirwuVcS;-.'lest Flour For Less Money.Try a Sack and if iMot Satisfactory weWISE Refund Your IVBoraey, as WeS Guarantee tizv&ry Sack.25 lbs. Lancaster Pride Flour $ .SO50 lbs. Lancaster Pride Flour -. . . 1 .oU100 lbs. Lancaster Pride Flour 3.10The best Northern Potatoes, per tfk. 30c(These are fancy white stock)Sweet Potatoes, per pk.. 35cCabbage, nice solid heads, per lb ?? 3cDried Sliced Beef in glass jars 20c(Regular 25c value)Stone's Wrapped Cakes Received Fresh Everv Day.Both 'Phones 234T P I F:IIUAIl. Li. LLnuiin. Im asn vrocery.3tob !31;ii'SSv,ftr:?i 2LjTMV22 3ISiirl;TfHr'lf PM$hI Combination Suits.S-SSvte t i ni . . o. c .! fiC j fll'l 5K Knvc k mo orrra iiitw .hi iii jii. . .5K p uv t-viftv , v. . V- ggg&& S&M&"R .SearSfc D. I-Ul-o oJ fonc 5flr fr fflg&?15 UUJa iIttW " WWpo W wwk rf-i prv &$!se- 31.3U SKI3P .SmmWm d. cl:- i xr:i., cn Me.tjifg if"ir .iiii ww iim. iJiit.. jp-ki-and $1.00 j& Boys' Knee Pants 75c to $2m ' Hisj:z. d. .ppikf cka r:inthiapc siIVJe I 111 11. Mm II I I IIIIIVIIIIll a1 .aa'tI 1UVL3 tA V7V. VIVUIIIV1 C JgSi3 m-if-f Furnichprc .'$$. KM&S&ir&JW9&W sWWtKwsW X-!! & aesjg'-ae xrtm - sm$hgg"arftkPceaftf1Romance .Which Began In Childhoodto Have Ended in Marriage Wednesday, Shattered by Frightful fAccident.MISS BRIGHT KELLY NVICTIM OF SAD ACCIDENT.The Time to ThinkAbout Your FallClothes is HereWas to Have Wedded Brent Arnold,Jr. Well-Known in Paris MissEmily Woodall Injured.A romance which began in childhood, and which was to have endedin marriage next Wendnesday nightwas shattered by death a few minutes before midnight Wednesday onthe Plainville pike, near Cincinnati,The bride-to-be, Miss Bright Kelly,daughter of Dr. and Mrs. William H.Kelly, of Covington, was almost instantly killed, her fiance, Brent Arnold, Jr., of Walnut Hills, was injuredand Miss Emily Woodall, of Covington, was slightly bruised. All arewell-known in Paris. Three othersof the party, which was returningfrom a dance given in honor of thepropective bride and bridegroom,were only slightly injured.The brakes of the automobile whichcarried the party failed to work asthey were descending the steep hilland the machine careened down thehill, struck a rut, turned over twice,and skidded right side up, turningcompletely around.Miss Kelly's head was crushed to apulp when it struck the side of theautomobile and she died a few moments later without regaining consciousness. Her fiance, the son ofCol. Brent Arnold, Sr., dazed andbleeding from a deep cut in the head,wound his arms around the inert figure of his fiance in a vain endeavorto revive her.The car, which belonged to PolkLafoon, a member of the party, wasdriven by Miss Emily Woodall, aprorilinent society girl of Covington,and well-known in Paris. At a pointa short distance from the scene ofthe accident and at the top of the steepincline, the brakes refused to workand Lafoon, who was sitting besideher, took the wheel. At every yardthe car gained fresh momentum andwas soon dashing down the hill at afrightful plunge, carrying to deaththe beautiful young woman.Ignorant of the fate of his prospective daugter-hlaw, - Col. BrentArnold, in another machine was riding towards his home chatting pleasantly with a number of friends of theapproaching marriage of his son. Hehad reached his home and retiredwhen the sad message of the fate ofMiss Kelly was broken to him. Hewas huried to the city hospital to bewith his son.Brent Arnald, Jr., is almost pros-I trated with grief over the tragedy! which is destined to cast a shadowover the happy young life.The news of the accident whichwras received in this city by telegrap yesterday morning caused manyexpressions of regret among thefriends of both Miss Kelly and Mr.Arnold. Both are wrell-knowTn in thiscity where they have frequently visited. Miss Kelly is a niece of Mrs. W.W. Haley and Mrs. W. O. Shropshire,both of of this county. On several occasions she has visited her relativesin this county, and only a few monthsago was a guest at the home ofMrs.Haley, who, together with Mr. ClaySutherland and Mrs. FanniebelleSutherland, will go to Covington today to be with the stricken family.w;SEED WHEAT, RYE ANDTIMOTHY.Ohio fuliz Seed Wheat,Northern Seed Rye, fancyquality Timothy Seed.We have large stocks ofthe above at market prices.CHAS.S. BRENT &BRO.!7-2tJTTAND when you begin tostudy as to where youare going to buy that Suitor Overcoat, remember thatMitchell & Blakemore!s storeis the place to come first.Our line of Stein Bloch andHersh-Wickwire's Suits andOvercoats are surpassed bynone. In this store you willfind Clothes that are tailoredright, have that artistic touch in the designing that otherBeady-to-Wear Suits have not. All the new shades andweaves. The two-tone Basket weave, Keltic cloth inGreys, Brown and the neat hair line stripes can be foundhere in styles to please the young man, as well as theconservative buyer of Clothes.9Stetson Velour Hats, the best hats- in the world osale now.utK n wiii ' iHwL irlr ICoprriehl. 191).lunula. 8trm Ea.rS0Mitchell & Blakemore9Outfitters to MenParis, KentuckyMMiMMMMWMM !IlllSiiiiii$ &tS&. J BH 1 1 ! 1 1 1 H 1 1 1 1 1 1 FiilXT in I ! 1 LI ll 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 E 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1Z:iiiiiiiuiiir;3iMii:iiiuunuiiiiiimiiniiiiiiiMiiiiiriH3I, 1FRANK & COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.5?AnnounceNow Ready For Your InspectionNew Fall and Winter StylesInMIDLAND MEDICAL SOCIETYHOLDS SESSION IN PARIS.The semi-annual meeting of theKentucky Midland Medical Socityclosed late yesterday afternoon, aftera very successful meeting, which washeld during the day at the courthouse, with physicians in attendancefrom practically every adjoiningtown, together with visitors from several larger cities. The society wasthe guest for the day of the BourbonCounty Medical Society, who entertained with an elaborate luncheon atnoon at the restaurant of -Leer Stout.Lexington was chosen as the nextplace of meeting on Thursday, January 7.At ten o'clock yesterday morningthe visiting physicians were taken tothe W. W. Massie Memorial Hospital Iwhere they inspected the building and Ithe equipment of the newly openedinstitution which was pronounced bymany to be most perfect and modernly equipped, hospital in this section of the State.The regular meeting of the society was called to order an hour laterin the basement of the court housewhere the sessions in both morningand 'evening were held, by the President, ""'Rev. L.-C. Redmon- Dr Chas.Garr, Secretary-Treasurer of the or(Continued on page 5) -Ladies', Misses' and Junior'sSuits, Cloaks, DressesfeitGSilk and Evening DressesEvening Wraps and CoatsSilk and Crepe KimonasSeparate Skirts in Variety of Styles& 1-. ia ?&WMillinery at Popular PricesCome in and Look AroundFRANK oc Cawgi aiJiirimiiiuuHirixumnaMUiimnmiimu 4v$$m iiiyf:iis4sji:si9giJiiriiiiiiiuiinuinmjwiuiKimtmiiiu16,miilrtlj Mwar -f fW ji-i0 "-milmjmymmmHH'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBBER 10, 1913i i:, I-18II ! I ' lI Bourbon LaundryyfwDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetwWe Take'Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelanndry lino. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes bck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry.Paris Kentucky,3 00Wg HMtlHIM 999The Best in the World gThe Higgin All-Metal IScreens,The Higgin All-MetalWeather Strip.Distributors of the Walger NewcTVIodel AwningThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Published Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for 'first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.REMARKABLE INSTANCESOF PLANTS' INTELLIGENCE.SAYS HER JAPANESE SERVANTLISTENS AT THE DOOR.In the American Magazine a youngmarried woman writes about her Japanese servant. His name is Ishiboshi,but he is known to the family asGeorge. Although the woman whowrites about him is very fond of him,she tells, as follows, about one ofGeorge's habits:"He woud scorn to peek or siparound too quiety to be noticed."But on the other hand, he is notabove listening at doors. We haveoften caught him listening at the dining-roomdoor, but he was not at allembarrassed when discovered redhanded. He is much interested in allthat goes on in the house and oftensurprises me by mentioning mattersthat I thought the greatest secrets.If I have a secret to tell my husbandI take him into a closet, shut thedoor and then whisper it to him.And nine times out of ten, nextmorning Gearge will ask me about it."His ideas and ideals are more orless different from ours, but nevertheless he is a gentleman at heartand has the delicacy and gentlenessthat thename implies, though somewhat oriental in application. For instance, I am alone with him forhours and hours almost every day,and he will scorn to do anything tocause me any embarrassment."AVOID SEDATIVECOUGH MEDICINES99::i he Ees Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris MassieHospital, A.J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others.Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought now for future delivery are made at 2cents per square foot eherper.T. A. Hendricks-Sales AgentPhone 258523-sept-tfLexington, Ky.)999999999Q999&9999V9999999Q99Q99999999999999m99999W. H. ThompsonThe Leather Goods Store,An invitation is extended to you tovisit this Store during1 "Fall Fashion Week"September 29th to October 4th, wherethere will be on displayLadies' Shopping Bags,Traveling Bags,Suit Cases,Fine Leather Goods,Parisian Ivory.W. H. Thompson,1 39 West Main St.,Lexington, - Kentucky"(Kansas City StarT)That plants have intelligence, orsome actuating principle that servesthe same purpose, is the latest contention of the botanical scientists.Plants think, it is asserted, thoughthey are not aware that they think.Their growth and the developmentof their existence. In concluding aflower and fruit are not always together "just happened so" process, itseems.William F. Ganong, professor ofbotany in Smith College, is the author of a new book, "The LivingPlant," in which the assertion ismade that vegetable growths are capable of something resembling a mental process in conducting the affairsof their existence. In concduding ageneral comment on plant life Prof.Ganong says: "It may seem that Iam reading into nature a principleclosely akin to intelligence. If Iseem to do this it is because that ismy intention. I believe that the evidence now, accumulated is sufficientto show that the same princple thatactuates intelligence also actuatesall the workings of nature; or, allliving matter thinks, though only theportion therto that enters into thebrain of man is aware that it thinks.Flants of all varieties, from thesmallest seed sprouts to the loftiesttree, have .many peculiar qualitiesthat few persons give them credit for.They possess a nervous system, orthe equivalent thereof, that is muchmore sensative to impression thanthe nerves of human beings. Alltender vegetable growths, for instance, are exceedingly susceptibleto the influence of light or the absence of it, a fact that quickly becomes evident when the plant is subjected to any sudden change. Ahuman being that is totally blind maybe led from bright light to totaldarkness without knowing the difference; if a growing plant that hasbeen exposed to the full light of dayis so placed that the light reaches itfrom one direction only, the leavesand stems will show a distinct leaning toward the light within twentyfour hours after the change is made.The blossoms of many plants openor close with the coming or the departure of daylight, and all vegetable growths quickly lose their color,if not their lives, if deprived of light.The sesitive plant is a popular example of "nerves." A tap on itsstem is sufficient to cause it to instantly wilt, the leaves falling limpas it withered. Concerning the remarkable sensitiveness of plants tolight, Prof. Ganong says: "Evidentlysome such structures advance prettyfar in the direction of the specialsense organs of animals, such ase3res."That plants actually may see doesnot seem so impossible to those whohave watched a grapevine reachacross a space of seeeral feet and obtain support for its extending growthby fastening its tendrils to neighboring objects. The long tendrils sentout by the grapevine sweeps in longcourses through the air until theytouch some fixed object, such as atree limb, a post or a wire, aroundwhich they quickly turn and bindthemslves tenaciously. The seemingaccuracy with which the tendrilsreach out for distinct supports is almost enough to convince one that theplants see what the are reaching for.Another example of the seemingly intelligent . and accurately directed actions of, the plants is furnished by theinsectivorous plants, such as theVen Fly-Trap, which instantly closesupon and absorbs as food insects thatalight upon it.If what the scientists tell us istrue, there is not much difference,after all, between vegetable and animal life. Plants eat, drink, breatne,if we are to accept that statementthat they think also, it is prettyhard to tell where the vegetablekingdom ends and the animal kingdom begins.Tf vnn want tr rrnfiMVino 1iTontlTrto the occurrence of capillary bronqhitis and pneumonia, use cough medicines that contain codine, morphine,heroin and other sedatives when youhave a cough or cold. An expectorant like Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is what is needed. That cleansout, the culture beds or breedingplaces for the germs of pneumoniaand other germ diseases. That iswhy pneumonia never results from acold when Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is used. It has a world-wide reputation for its cures. It contains nomorphine or other sedative. For saleby all dealers. (adv)(Oct)Forty-two per cent, of the population of America lives in cities.VERY LOW RATESTO THE WEST.The Missouri Pacific is offeringvery low rates to California, Idaho,Nevada, Utah, Western Clorado, NewMexico, Western Texas, Arizona, Oregon and Washington. Tickets soldSeptember 25th to October 10th, inclusive. For complete informationregarding rates, through free chairand sleeping car service, address J.A. Steltemkamp, G. A. P. D., 204Traction Building, Cincinnati, O.S 3I. Ill IIIVlBiUmil ilillliiHPAnd Pull Line ofChoice Recordss!i$15 lo $500See Display.NATIONALScand 10cStoreScientists have found fifty-six areasin the oceans where the water ismore than three miles deep, ten whereit exceeds four miles and four wherethe bottom is further than five milesdown.A GENTLE ANDEFFECTIVE LAXATIVE.A mild, gentle and effective laxative is what people demand when suffering from constipation. Thousandsswear -by Dr. King's New Life Pills.Hugh Tallman, of San Antonio, Tex.,writes: "They .are beyond questionthe best pills my wife and I have evertaken." They never cause pain.Price 25c. at druggists or by mail.H. 'E. Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia orSt. Louis (adv)r (OCt) .Oct 3 tf seekse fse 9W0m! VoguemClothes !FORYoung GentlemenA Special Feature with us.2 Suits and9Overcoats$15.00 to $20.00King Quality Shoes ForMen and Boysinnins 8HFlannaqanDoyle BuildingOct 3 tflood Bad?sr Lasy?enrols ?"WOT go along day after Kl:day suffering when mM "is at hand so convenient andat so little cost,f, Tierces GoldenOKsca MBMtauMiiiuasna cssasobcsumma'ieosca discovery-jj. --w j 111' '! "' -H I i i ill, i. "aid3 digestion and purifie3 the blood. As a consequence boththe stomach and liver return to their normal and boalthv conditionNervousness and biliousness soon disappear. The entire systemtakes on now life. JFor over forty years this famous old medicinehas "made good" and nevermore so than tcday,enjoying a greater sale all over the world thanany other doctor's prescription.For sale at all druggists in liquid or tablet forrarcryou can send fifty Ic stamps for tria2 bos:. Addressmuijun JLJ.K. JtC. V. flZ.tt.Ull. aUK'ALO. IM. Y.S3SE3WKKV aHot Facts About Fuel!If you have been a housekeeper any lengtkof COAL. And after all kinds of expert-ences and complaints you kfiow there is justone kind of FUEL that gives absolute satisfaction always, that is Fox RidgeCoal. Remember you cannot order tooearly to avoid, the high priees,Dodson Def onThe Home ofGood CoalYards, South Main St. Both Phones 140iCcScSXSSCjgBl ..KSE33ILiivVi'ilSJASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Tell$y ephone works for him. He will vpnlv1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraCompanyINCORPORATED,OC3ESHnR9 ! SK ' FT9 L rI IS1 1 1J IIITwin 8!Ladies, Take a LookATTwin Bros. Department Store,New Arrival ofLadies' Stylish Fall Saits, Coats, Skirts,Waists, Millinery, Shoes, Etc,Handsome Drygoods and Fall Drygoodsand Silks.Call Inos. oepin SiqibCorner Seventh and Main'Sts.Instead of Wood Shingles orSlaie,.''vjJ:-,-c! cA " 1tt 'IF. pfllVfc' .-J -jr " . VAtr-r AL.v?r. vfT.TNJs. -.eA' it10mKUf''CORTRIGHTMetal ShinglesThe roofing that lasts as loner asthe building and never needsrepairs.I rw vvv fc L - . T . .1 .. a.ry.r'ij.'f."fJr ucj wuui uum, cract, cun or rocr it0 l&e wood shingles, nor have they the3 - .. gfeat wejglt or tritlleness of stone slate ;I besides they are inexpensive and look better than either.For Sale by -ucftwjuTBest & Hawkins, Millersburjff , Ky.i'iHi$mSjT tL.''.4. f-tS"V..IHh BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBBER 10, 1913t1VHA6Twin Bros.'DepartmeatSureSTOCK ID FH NOTE!'701-703 Main Street, Corner SeventhSee Our Window For$12.50, $15.00 and $18.00 SuitsReduced to$9.98These Suits are in the latest styles and colors and areexcellent values. Take a look at them. We also have afull line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts and everything thMen and Boys wear.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'lL. Wollstein, Propri or.Hazel Dawn, the sensational fivegaited saddle mare shown by W. G.Shropshire, of "Winchester, Friday,at Sedalia, Mo., swept things befor?her her when she won the olas3 forfive-gaited saddle mares from thebest field of mares ever seen in theWest. Good as the class was, theKentucky mare was far and awaythe best, and there was never anyquestion of who should be the winner.Farmers of Mason county whohave any tobacco atall have come torealize its value, as several have refused $26 per hundred for their cropsas-they stand in the barn. One grow-er, according to a report, who has approximately 25,000 pounds, has beenoffered 30, and has the matter underconsideration.Chenault Woodford, of Montgomery, sold to Holman Rice, of Bath,sixty-nine head of 1,400-pound cattleat $7.10. iiolman also purchasedfrom Hughes Atkinson, fifteen head of1,200-pound cattle at 7 cents.H. S. Caywood, of North Middletown, this county, purchased fromDan and C. R. Prewitt, for Swift &Co., of Chicago, seventy-three headof 1,500-pound cattle at $7.65. Thecattle, which are in the pink of condi-i tion, will be delivered November 1.Truck Replaced Thre Teams,71mi. ii.i.i -BpR R yJ .4r i t,-.J.iwTheAmericanAddingm is it amacnineThe Latest AdderCosts But $35See our exhibit ask for10 days' trialHere is a new price on a compeIr SSr Ml at;Ik Ls7i-B?xri-t I fir nsFORTY-THREE YEARS A CONVICT;KANTS TO RETURN TO PEN.tent Adder. On a machine thatis rapid, full size and infallib'oThe very latest machine, builtby men who know how, in oneof the largest metal-working shopsIt is an individual Adder, to beplaced on one's desk, close to one'sfcoks and papers. To take theplace of the central machine, requiring skilled operators.The price is due to utter simplicity, and to our enormous output. Seven keys do all the work.Each copied number is !shown up for checking before the addition is made.Tne machine will add, subtract and multiply. With veryslight practice anyone cancompute a hundred figures aminute. And the machinenever makes mistakes.Countless offices, large andsmall, are getting from thesemachines the highest class ofservice.Now we make this offer so thatoffices everywhere may lear whatthis machine means to them.1 0 Days5 TestWe will gladly place in anyoffice one American Adder for aThere will be no obligation,ten-days' test,and charges will be prepaid.Combpare it with any non-lister-eventhe costliest. Let anyone use it. See if any machinecan serve better than this.Just send us this coupon andwe'll send the machine.Please send us an American Adding Machine for ten days' free trial.NameStreet AddressCityStateJohn Taborn, 66, pardoned recently from the Ohio State prison after43 years of servitude, is home-sickfor the penitentiary.He has liberty, but he doesn'tknow what to do with it. He isfree to go anywhere in the world,but, after 43 years in the little iron-barred "universe," he is a strangerto all the world he has just re-discovered.For forty-three years he toiled inservitude for killing a man during aquarrel, and now he is at liberty totoil for wage, but nobody wants him.He's too old.While in servitude he had foodand lodging and creature comforts,and now in his freedom he can subsist only upon the bounty of others.When they let him out of the penitentiary he returned to his old homein Michigan. But nobody thereknew him, or cared about him.So he has gone back to Columbusto be near the place that was hishome for 43 years, and to be closeto those who were his friends. Hehas an idea that the penitentiary isthe best place for him to live in after all.Maj. Walter Collins, of the Volunteers of America, of Columbus, hasgiven him a home, and he is going totake care of Maj. Collins' chickens,and if he likes it he will stay andtry to get used to freedom.If lie doesn't he probably will askto be taken back into prison.1Man n fact ure d audlG naran teed by tAMERICAN CAN COMPANY, CHICAGOSoldjby Joseph'Candioto Co.JLexington, Ky.ONE WAY TO FILLTHE CHURCH PEWS.(Christina Herald.)In eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden was 37 17.20thsnst carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction. iNote these striking KisselKar features Simple engine easy to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy spring 'suspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easy control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need, jJCisselJCcir vruckj1500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn the range of capacity, 1590 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which .is themauufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.Kasse(Kar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Trucksinactual use in your line and many otherlines of business.The Following Lanes ofjbusiness HavejReccntlybought Kissel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building: Supplies. Contracting;, Plumbine:, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry. Bakery, Confectionery, Tee, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crock-ci.y, unuciuaMuj; aim tu uiuiiiuiaitijieti m rue, lacaiuu uuu ruiiUK uepa.rLii:t:uuneeds ofany business.We make them to suit theO. R. liUKLEOne hundred wayfarers fjom thestreets of Chicago have united withthe well-known Immanual BaptistChurch of that city as a result of aunique and practical campaign thatchurch has made for them.On some cold mornings last winteras many as a thousand hungry menhave entered this church to get warmand be fed. The pastor the Rev.Johnson Myers, arrives at the churchat (j a. m., often opening the doorsto a hundred men even at this earlyhour. Hundreds of men outside ofChicago, to the free employmentagency to which this pastor has devoted two whole days of each week ifor more than two yearh.Phone 21 05.513 West Main Street,Lexington,iKy.iHHff frttiffifffg Q9 HHW 3KHHBBD flMPjKENTUCKY TRACTIONNAL COMPANY.TERM!INTERURBAN SCHEDULE.WOMAN SLEEPS FORFOURTEENWEEKS.8 Pans Odorless Chatting Co.Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.(New York Tribune.)After a continuous sleep of fourteen weeks, Mrs. .Flora E. Harringtonwife of Edward W. Harrington, aprominent theatrical man, died re-cently in her home, 45 Bay street,Manchester, N. C.Mrs. Harrington, who was 54 yearsold, fell into a sleep so deep that shecould not be arroused, and the phy-isicians of Manchester and other cities were baffled. Prof. Taylor, ofHarvard, was sent for, and diagnosedthe ailment as being due to a tumoron the brain.AIS Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats. CleanedReblockedto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.andWisconsin farmers yearly ask 50,000questions of professors in the StateAgricultural College.Lve Lexington Lve Parisfor Paris For Lexington6:00 a m 6:45 a m7:20 a m "7:30 a m8:00 a m 8:15a m8:50 a m 9:00 a m10:20 a in 9:45 a m11:50 a m 11:15 a m1:20 p m 12:45 p m2:50 p m 2:15 p m3:30 p 'm 3:45 p m4:20 p m ' 4:30 p m5:00 p m 5:15 p m7:20 p m 6:45 p m9:10 p m 8:15 p m11:00 p. m 10:05 p. m-" Daily except Sunday.LOST.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEDJSOTH'PHONES DAI 137; NIGHT 299.Special Kates k Excursions.Sunday, Oct 12$1.50 ROUND TRIPExcursion to Cincinnati, Ohio, andreturnj. ins train leaves .fans at cou a.Sew Barber Shoprame bag, containing some silverFinder please report to this office.(7-2t)Ohio's 1912 State Government willcost the taxpayers over $10,000,000.RAILROADS RUN LIKE AN ARMY.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless CIeaningCo., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid GlovesCleaned, short, 10c; long 25cmimwmmmmmmmeawwitaMrjaa irrregr'-jMr:r-mTEwraga3nEnaPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKVSUN DAY, OCT. t.75cRoundTrip75cSCENIC BEAUTYOUTDOOR ENJOYA1ENTRoundTripMUSICTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at" 10.50 am.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further information.H. C- KING. Passenaer and Ticket Agent.Phone 49 LEXINGTON, lY.JiMil'l l'-IT4i4'Xiffl( wiE. Main St.(Railway Age Gazette.)It is well known that practicallyall of the railway employes of Prussia have served in the army. Whenthey enter the railway ranks fromthe army, certain credits are allowed for their military service, and certain positions are reserved for armymen. This military experience showsj its influence on their department andI dicipline in railway service. Thereis a noticeable orderliness and precision about everything connected withGerman railways. In respect for authority and strict observance of therules the German railway employehas no superior.The traveler will not fail to noticethe red-capped station master standing at attention on the station 'platform as the train passes througheach station. He will also find thesenior signalman, gatemen and otheremployes connected with the trainservice always in evidence, standinglike sentries, while riding over theline, can thus take a census of allemployes in position of responsibility. When he alights at a station liisrank is at once recognized. The station master immediately salutes andgiven a verbal report of the situation. If the official goes into a signaltower, the signalman in charge salutes and reports. If he goes into anengine house the foreman salutes andgives a brief report of the work inprogress.V9.4S--sP?m !vfSSHc:f? J FM&ti' iSZTHAVE YOU yVVxWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite' Service.Between Paris and Lexington Sunday afternoon two handbags, one a'morocco, the other a crocheted mac-, m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a. m.,returning leaves Fourth street stationCincinnati, at 7 p. -m. Tickets goodon special train only.Round trip Winter Tourist to all'principal winter resorts in Alabama,i Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina, and Havana,Cuba, on sale daily Oct. 1, 1913, untilApril 30, 1914, with final limit May 31,1914; also to principal winter resorts!in Texas and New Mexico, on sale !daily Nov. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914,with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberal .stopovers allowed on all winter tour- jist tickets. Also low round I tripHomeseekers' tickets to points in Arizona, Arkansas, Louisiana, Missouri,New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Colorado,Kansas, Montana, Nevada, North Dakota, South Dakota and California onsale first and third Tuesday of eachmonth, final limit 25 days from dateof sale, stop overs allowed in Homeseekers' territory. For further information call on or addressW. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A."JEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDyyJ77CATARRH? '. Dreaminginipaired? Does your throatget husky or clogged?Modern science proves thatthese symptoms result from rundown health. Snuffs and vaporsare irritating and useless. Youshould build your general healthwith the oil-food in Scott'sEmulsion-its nourishingpowers will enrich and enliventhe blood, aid nutrition and assimilation and assist nature tocheck the inflammation andheal the sensitive membraneswhich are affected.Scott's Emulsionwillraise yourstandard of healthto correct catarrh.Shun alcoholic mixturesand insist on SCOTT'SlvFor Sale.Beautiful Residence!I "Hidaway," the beautiful residenceof W. C. Massie, on Vine street, isfor sale. The handsome place is anideal home, with ail modern conveniences. Mr. Massie will be at homefor the next two weeks to show prospective purchasers through the houseand premises. Anyone desiring to purchase an elegant and permanent homewill' do well to look this property over,ps it is seldom suck places are put onthe market. ' 3-4tCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber ShopJ(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3rExpert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold .Baths at AllHoursNo Long Waits.Share of the Public'onage Solicited.Pat?PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMEPWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itcklnjr PilIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacts as a. poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and $1.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, CML. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.-V',9' ' " 'aM'iyPMvnMpMaMWMMMwyjnim.jMia jTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., OCTOBER 10, 1913pi1is'4fcfmmm9.mitj ?I I1i.i. ! iI Ik1I1JaijI'mf!i' - - - --iaaaaiiat1 y.- ' gfX JBnSii -r cv ,1 i, rsj i, rsr"lWkX - . J H: t25 Sat?--SUIT FILED PRAYS FOR JUDG- ,WENT AGAINST ELKS' LODGE.SilverwareThat is the product of the world's bestsilversmiths and many" pieces that rivalin workmanship the best efforts of theold masters.While our prices are very" moderate,it has been our constant endeavor tooffer only silverware of highest quality,without competition for cheapness.A suit Hied against the. Paris Lodge.No. 373 B. P. O. B., has been, filed inthe Bourbon Circuit uourt Dy .aimerSweatman, et al, Deposit Bank ofParis and D. D. Cline, trustee forLaura B. Thompson, to compel thesale of the Elks' home, situated atthe corner of Main and Third streets,in this city, to satisfy the holders ofthe frst mortgage bonds on the property.The action by Sweatman allegesthat in 1903 in order to purchse a lotand erect an Elks' Temple, the trustees of the lodge issued a se'ries of jtwenty-four bonds each for the sum of$500, payable in ten years, or January 1, 1913, with interest thereon.To secure the payment ot tne oonasa mortgage was 'executed in favor ofthe Central Trust Company, of Lexington, which has long since ceasedoperation. The defendants in thesuit as mentioned in the petition arethe Central Trust Company, ElmerSweatman, Walter Clark, Mrs. W. D.Ford and Charles Stephens, the holders of the first mortgage bond issue.To further secure the payment asecond issue of mortgage bonds wasmade consisting of one hundred andsixty negotiable second mortgagebonds at $50 each. The holders ofthe second .issue of bonds are R. K.McCarney, D. C. Parrish, WilliamShire, Duncan Bell, C. Arnsparger andJohn M. Brennan.The petition of Sweatman allegesthat the time for the payments onthe bonds having elapsed, no paymentof the face value of the bonds or interest thereon has been .made andprays for a judgment of sale to satisfy the holders of the twenty-fourfirst mortgage bonds. The amountof indebtedness on the building is$12,000. The holders of the firstmortgage .bonds, who are also madedefendants in the suit have employedlegal counsel to file an answer to thepetition of Mr. Sweatman. The casewill come up at the November termof the Bourbon Circuit Court.THEAICAL"B'ought and Paid For."BURLEY BOARD ORDERSDIVISION OF POOL FUNDS.Next Wednesday, Oct. 15, will markthe appearance here of William A.Brady's production of George Broadhurst's play, "Bought and Paid For."The story of the play, briefly told,follows:Robert Stafford marries a telephone,girl. Stafford is kind-hearted, generous, considerate and deeply attachedto his wife, but he has one fault. Hisbesetting sin is drink. He is a gentleman souse. At such times, hiswife, who has grown to love him, isin mortal terror, not so much for fearof his striking her, but because shefeels that when he is under the influence of liquor, he is another manas though she, a wife, was being caressed by a drunken stranger. It iswhile Stafford is on one of thesesprees that his wife repulses himand exhibits her disgust. She refuses to kiss him and her attitudearouses the man's obstinacy until hefrankly informs her that she isbought and paid for; and that shewould not have married her if hehad not been rich; that he paid herprice and that she is his property.The-truth of the statement is forcedupon her, and, screaming, she runsto her bedroom and locks the door.Stafford picks up the iron tongs fromthe fireplace and breaks in the door.This is one of the strongest scenesever staged.This, the most remarkable -play ofour times, is the reigning success oftwo continents, playing for over fifteen months at the Playhouse, NewYork City, six months at the PrincessTheatre, Chicago, and remaining atthe New Theatre in London, England, for over six months, proving abig sensation to Londoners.The sale of seats opens Saturdayat Mitchell & Blakemore's."The Home of Quality" .' For JewelryShire C8k Fithian,PARIS, -KENTUCKYFIRE DAMAGES BARBER SHOPOF CURTIS & OVERBY.At the annual meeting of the district board of the Burley TobaccoSociety and the Burley Tobacco Company, held in Lexington Tuesday afternoon, it was ordered that a finaldistribution of all the pool funds remaining in the hands of the Societyshall be made just as soon as an order of court settling various tax suitsagainst the Society has been entered. H. T. Duncan, one of the attorneys for the Society, stated to theBoard that an agreement for settlement of the suits had been effected,and that in his opinion the matterwould be disposed of within twoweeks. Of fifty-two suits that werepending against the organizationtwo weeks ago all save one in theKenton Circuit Court, one in Bourbon county and two in Fayette county have been disposed of. The Boardwas advised that an early withdrawal of the Kenton suit, in which itwas sought to hold members of 'thedistrict Board personally liable foroperations o fthe company, was expected; that the suit in Bourboncounty was for a nominal sum onlyand that the two receiver suits inFayette county have been practicallyabandoned. Upon, motion attorneyswere directed to press the litigationto an early conclusion, although noone of the suits stands as a bar todistributions of the pool funds.PRESERVING PEARS.The Edison Talking Pictures.Yesterday at noon fire broke outin the basement of the building occupied by Curtis & Overby as a barbershop, and for a time it was fearedthere would be a serious conflagra.tion. When the flames were discovered they were rapidly eating theirway through the joists and flooring,nnd hut. for th ft cod work of the fire-2; men the damage to the building andits contents. would have been heavy.Several men were in the barbershop when smoke was seen issuingthrough the floor, and an alarm was2 sent in to the fire department. TwoSi lines of hose were run into the build-DEATHS.PARSONS.ing and the cellar flooded, to preventa further spread of the flames. It9 1 is supposed the fire was caused by a' colored boy who went to the cellar tostart a lire in tne Lurua.ce, auu u,spark was communicated to somewraste paper on the floor. The damage to the building, which is ownedby Mr. J. W. Bacon, will reach about$200, while that of the occupants ofthe property will be slight.The effective work of the fire de-partmen tin getting the. flames jindercontrol prevented a serious loss, 'forin the event of a large fire the pres-1 ent water supply would have beenSECOND WEEK OF .unequal to the emergency.LEXINGTON'S GREAT TROTS1 An alarm from box 46 yesterdayfifieraoon about four o'clock took theThe forty-first annual trolling department to the residence of Mr.meeting at Lexington started off Mon-, George C.rosdale, where an explo-day most brilliantly, and so far has ' sloI1 "l, u sabuuiie biuv uauaeu a.All hail to the wizard Edison. Nomotion pictures ever before exhib-ited in this city have been more profoundly interesting than the TalkingMotion Pictures that, will he givenat the Paris Grand, on Friday and Saturday, and Saturday matinee, Oct.10 and 11. They possess a scientificvalue that cannot be attributed tothe pictures of the familiar black and"white or garden variety. Not onlyare the pictures shown on a largerscreen than usual, but the distinctness of the voice and the synchronization of the subjects shown is wonderfully realistic.Nothing has ever been inventedthat caiuld as clearly illustrate theeducational value of the phonographand moving picture, as these wonderful Edison Talking Pictures. Nomore remarkable achievement of thisnew photography has ever been revealed in this city. The pictures areboth comic and tragic, a completeprogram having been arranged.(adv)A fine lot of preserving pears onsale at the price you are looking for.We solicit your order.(7-2t) T. C. LENIHAN.FRESH OYSTERS.ASK McCREARY TO NAME"ROOSTER DAY" IN MAY, 19H-The Southern Poultry and EgKsxixyyv zioouoiouuu, wmcn met ac-XMasnvnie, Tuesday, for a two daysHsession, adontprl n rponlnf ;,-, .mon the Governors of Kentucky andTennessee by official proclamation todesignate the third Saturday in Mai1914, as "Rooster Day."On this day the members of the"association pledge themselves to pay""the same prices per pound for roosters as for hens. The action is dueto the claims of the poultrymen that.losses running annually into large fiuresare sustained from fertile eggswhich spoil within twenty-four hours,while an infertile egg can be reserved for a week.The association- elected the following officers: O. P. Barr, Alexandria,.Tenn., president; Sam ' Chrystal,B6wling Green, Ky., vice president;A. M. Cochran, Nashville, Tenn., secretary, ana Norman I. Taylor, Burnside, Ky., treasurer.At night the poultrymen were entertained -VTith an elaborate banquet,,with no speeches allowed.SPECIAL SHOE VALUES.great:Ladies' tan button shoes, avalue, at $1.99.DAN COHEN'S"(7-2t) Bargain Shoe Store,.LICENSES ISSUEDTO FIVE SALOONS-Fresh oysters received daily, bothstewing and frying size.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.NOTICE TO WATER CONSUMERSColumbia Theatre To-day.The infant child of Mr. and Mrs. J. proVed one of the 'most pronounced small Maze, which was extinguishedT. Parsons, who died Monday night j . pvpr llp1fi hv ,. hutnn t with onl' a sma11 damage. The prop-at their home on Winchester street,tt&s laid away in the Paris cemeteryTuesday afternoon. Mr. Parsons is-mployed by the Louisville & NashTille railroad company. The youngparents have the sympathy of manyJriends in their loss.McVEY.Mrs. Amanda McVey died Tuesiayday night at her home on Mutualavenue, in Winchester, of complications indicent to advanced age.Mrs. McVey is survived by onedaughter, Mrs. "Lizzie Perkins. She-ras a sister of Mrs. E. M. Batson, of"Winchester, and Mrs. Anne Boey, ofIexington. Mr. Thos. Owsley, ofthis city, is a brother of the deceased.Funeral services were held at thegrave in the Winchester cemeteryn Wednesday afternoon at 3 o'clocky Elder James W. Harding.HUGHES.owned by Miss RebeccaMrs. C. L. Hughes, of this city,died Monday at the home of herMother, in Fleming county, whereshe had been on a visit for aboutthree weeks. She had been ill abouttwo months, and went to her girlhoodkome hoping to regain her health,lmt grew worse, and relations weremotified Monday that her conditionwas hopeless. The saddest featuref the death of this Christian womanis that she leaves two little children,an infant, and a son about six yearsId. Her husband, who also surTives,is an employe of the Louisville& Nashville railroad company, andis a nephew of Perry J. McChord, ofthis city. The family resided onMain v street, near Twelfth. The funeral and burial took place at Nep-ton, Ky., Wednesday. Mr. McCord jattended tne tunerai.".w. v i i .nssnnintinn TIip moinp- lias hpoii mi. ei LJ laperb.the crowds both large and en- j Dehrer.thusiastic, and the management in jholding in reserve some of the great- j fire, Wind and lightning iflSUrest races for the second week expects tiam.p o rnAf.Aracing of the highest order to ccn-a" "OmaS CL YVOOarOra.I tinue and the crowds to hang on toIthe end. Monday ought to be aban-i SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT LEAGUEner dav. for on tliA onrrl is tbo niiamn. i TENDERS TEACHEHb KECEHTION.ionship Stallion Stake for three-year-oldtrotters, worth not less than $8,000, with forty eligibles to start, andon the same day is carded the Ashland, which promises to be one ofthe best races of the meeting, for eligible to start are Tenara, Lou DeweyReusens, Uncle Biff, Santos Maid,Star Winter, Judson Girl, HenriettaC, Baring, King Bellini, WestervilleGirl and Cochato. On Tuesday willcome the great race for the CastletonCup, which will be another Transylvania or even a better race. OnWednesday those who attend .will seethe Cumberland Stake, and the meeting will wind up on Thursday withone of the tmost brilliant cards ofthe meeting, viz, The Kentucky, TheBlue Grass, the 2:07 pacing class andthe 2:06 trotting class.The Missing Witness," specialThanhauser feature in two parts.Beginning today I will endeavor tofurnish water during the followinghours :6 a. m., to 8 a. m.; 11 a. m., to 1p. m.; 5 p. m., to 7 p. m.I may have to shorten these hours.When water is off leave a hot waterfaucet open so the steam from therange boiler can escape.I am compelled to do this to haveany water at any time as the supplyis about exhausted. I have standpipefull to use in case of fire.Thanking customers who have beenso considerate in economizing asthey have done, I am,Respectfully,NEWTON MITCHELL,Superintendent(10-2t)Judge Stout convened CircuitCourt 4n Georgetown Mondaj' morning and delivered his usual charge tothe grand jury.He said in additionthat he understood that the recentprimary was exceptionally fair, buiathat there were a few irregularities,and he ordered the grand jury tomake a thorough investigation.The mandate of the Court of Appeals was received at Georgetown onTuesday morning in the local optioncase in favor of the "wets," and immediately afterward the Council metand issued saloon licenses to fivemen. The Council, recently passed"a law placing the license at $1,000and limiting the number of saloonsto five.It is understood that the "drys"will atempt to prevent the saloonsfrom opening, on account of the recent election, in which the countyvoted "dry", and which has been conteste by the "wets."EXCHANGEYour old stove in on Gas Range anu7Heater.(26-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO-YOUR'E CONSTIPATED,BILIOUS! CASCARETS!ITRI1LSALOSHIN - JOSEPH.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Saloshin, ofthis city, announce the engagement oftheir daughter, Miss Goldie Saloshin,to Mr. Dave B. Joseph, of Cincinnati.The date of the Avedding has notnew song.CLOSED SATURDAY TILL 6 P. IYI.On account of Jewish holiday ourstore will be closed Saturday, October 11. Will open at 6 o'clock.DAN COHEN.The fourth day of the meeting ofthe Bourbon County Teachers' Institute closed yesterday afternoon witha delightful reception given in honorof the teachers in attendance by theBourbon County School ImprovementLeague.In the receiving line were Miss Robbins, County Superintendent, Mrs. T.A. Hendricks, Dr. A. S. McKinzie andMrs. Louis Rogers. There was afull attendance of the teachers of thecounty, who together with a numberof visitors, were entertained with vocal selection by Miss Flora Hill, Mrs.O'Brien and a quartette. Delicious refreshments of grape ice and cakeswere served.At the morning session Dr. McKenzie, who is conducting the institute made an address taking ashis subject, "The Lillies of the Field."DEMOCRATS GAIN IN I Mr- Josepn smitn, o itferea, repre-TMPinAV'5 RPnicsTRATinM I sentinS the Kentucky Tuberculosis,TUESDAYS REGISTRATION. gociety made an aadress on "A Prob-lem Before the Blue Grass Counties."The registration Tuesday resulted In the afternoon Prof. Milton Eliott,in the Democrats getting out their of Frankfort, spoke on "Primary Lan-. a , .. . c . v . .. ...."A .passing uiouoy liaumount com- been announced, out it win De aedy. Mr. Reed will be heard in a pretty event of the autumn seasonand will be celebrated at the home ofthe bride-to-be in thisc ity.Miss Saloshin, who is one of thepretiest and most attractive youngwomen of this city, is well knownthroughout Central Kentucky as aviolinist of considerable note and avery accomplished musician. She isquite popular among a. large circle offriends. Mr. Joseph is a young business man of Cincinnati, and is a frequent visitor in this city. He is amost estimable young man with alarge circle of friends. .No cards will be issued.BIG REDUCTIONSStraw mattings at prices that willsurprise you. Call and see..L T. HINTON.Clean Your Waste-Clogged Liver ancffI Bowels Tonight! Feel Bully!iGet a ten-cent box now.j No odds how bad your liver, stomach or bowels; how much your headaches, how miserable and uncomforfajble you are from constipation, indigestion, biliousness and sluggish bowels you always get the desired resultwith Cascarets.Don't let your stomach, liver andbowels make you miserable. TakeCascarets tonight; put an end to the?headache, biliousness, dizziness, nervousness, sick, sour, gasy stomachybackache and all other ditress;cleane your inside organs of all thebile, gases and constipated matterwhich is producing the misery.A ten-cent box means health, happiness and a clear head for months.No more days of gloom and distressif you vill take a Cascaret now andthen. All druggists sell Cascarets.Don't forget the little children theirlittle insides need a gentle cleansing, too.ladvlI v '& 9 9e99Q9999e99HOLIDAY SATURDAYWe wish to notify our customersthat our store will be closed Saturdayn account of Jewish holiday. Ourregular Saturday bargains will be ongale Friday.(7-2t) POSNER BROS.SEED WHEAT, RE ANDTIMOTHY.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat,Northern Seed Rye, fancyquality Timothy Seed.full vote and the day passed off quietly in the several precincts of thecity. The total vote including theDemocrats, Republicans and Independents was 1,423, against 1,1460 lastyear. The registration shows a ginof one vote over that of last fall,while the Republicans lost 12 and theIndependents 26, making a Democratic gain over all of 36.For the first time in history thewomen participated in the registra-jtion, a total of sixty-two receivingceruncates, iorty-nine ot wnicn registered as Democrats, twelve as Republicans and one Independent.From the fact a large number ofDemocrats were absent from the city,the registration was cut down, to aconsiderable extent, and those whoare conversant with the situation predict that with the supplemental registration days from 150 to 200 names'will be added to the Democratic list,insuring a Democratic ;majority inParis around 600. The registrationby precincts is as follows:D RParis No. 1 IllParis No. 2 202We have large stocks of " g?- I gthe above at market prices.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.7-2tParis No. 5 12721215055205?aris No. 6 137 107I To8140- 24651971625943361-7-24&"Totals 904 482 35 1423guages, ana Mrs. Clarence L. Martin, of Louisville, Chairman of theHome Economic Department of theKentucky Federation of Women'sClubs addressed the teachers on"Household Economics."The session Tuesday of the Institute was very profitable to the teachers in atendance. The first discussion of the day was on the subjectof reading, which was led by Dr. A.S. McKenzie, who is conducting theInstitute. "The Daily Program"was next taken up by the Misses Desha and Miss Susie Clay. A quartettecomposed of the Misses Desha andMessrs. W. G. Grinstead and R. H.Ellet, rendered a beautiful selection.After the recess the teachers were"adresed by Mrs. Frances E. Beauchamp, of Lexington, president ofthe Kentucky W. C. T. TL, upon theimportance of teaching temperancein the schools. The address waswarmly received.After the noon intermission, theprogram opened with music, followedby an interesting talk by Mr. W. G.Grinstead, from the Eastern Kentucky Normal School, at Richmond."Busy Work for Beginners,'' wasthe subject of an interesting discussion led by Miss Bessie Talbott an,dNannie Clarke. ,''Geography" was discussed by Mr.Grinstead and Miss Anna Burns. '$1.00smISv,W- " ' j( v -y, .' wy- I.offir9as. ' s - &v :. .v. : .7iri&x?PEOPLE'S PHARMACYGIVESPECTACLE SALE!Sale Begins Saturday, October 11, Continues All Next WecK&We have an Expert Optician, who comes to us highly recommended, and vill makeScientific Examinations of all classes of Defective Vision and furnishglasses properly fitted for same. This is a good opportunity to have your eyesight made perfect,SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAYWe can fit you with a ?ood pair of glasses for reading or distance during this salefor ONLY ONE DOLLAR and guarantee to please you. We have theLatest Styles in Nose Glasses at ONE-HALF usual price. Come -inearly before the sale closes.99CeOUln.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS', KY., OCTOBER,10, 1913miim7r . ,, -HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADECEDAR CHESTS.Pack up your summer goods in oneof our cedar chests. Beautiful lot.J. T. HINTON.CARLISLE TO VOTE ONWATERWORKS BONDISSUEThe City Council of Carlisle hasesacted an ordinance submitting tovote of the citizzens at the November election the proposition to issue530,000 worth of bonds and install awaterworks system.FOR SALE.The Duntley Vacuum Cleaner.T!e kind that combines vacuumcleaner and carpet sweeper. For5ale only byJ. T. HINTON.DR. AND MRS. WM. KENNE7YADOPT LITTLE DAUGHTERDr. and Mr. William Kenney haveadopted the little .three-months'-olddaughter o Mr. Gusser, whose wifelied a short time ago after a briefllness of appendicitis, leaving fivechildren. Mrs. Gusser was a halffcister of Mrs. Kenney, and her homesnts near Versailles.CLOSED FOR HOLIDAY., Jn account of holiday we will bec ised Saturday until 6 o'clock.i JIN BROS'. CLOTHING DEP'T.,L. Wollstein, Prop.NEW FALL HATSProm Stetson, Knox, Crofut, andXaapp, $3 to ?5.J. Vv DAVIS & CO-SUBSCRIPTIONS COMING INTO FALL MUSICAL FESTIVALProf. Albert H. Morehead, who isplanning to give a fall musical festival on Tuesday, Nov. 25, afternoonan devening, with Myron W. Whitney, the distinguished vocalist, andMiss Valentine, a pianist with a nation-wide reputation, as headhners,reports that subscriptions are comingin rapidly, and that the indications !t-point to a most successful concert on aui" "",J i -, "that date. In addition to this Prof.;J Mrs; Win. M'a11 Fflda; afternoonMorehead is planning to have a spe-,at.3 clock, as guests of the localeial orchestra for theevening per-formance.CONFIRMATION SUIT SPECIALBlue Serge Norfolk at 6; all-wool;iast color.J. W. DAVIS & CO.EYES TESTED FREE.-. ,i i- mv nntinion icfCome in and let our optician testTour eyes free. We have glasses torlas low as as $1.(It) PEOPLES' PHARMACYNEW YORK WILL WIN.The World's Series is theZ. i.4- t--ln rf f Via loir Qnrofsayadelphia, but it is generally concededthat when it comes to illuminatingElectricity is a sure winner. If yourhome is not already wired, see theElectric Co. today and have them dothe work for you on the monthly payment plan. And you'd better not-wait too long to have the housepiped for fuel gas. You will soonseed it.(10-lt)PICK YOUR SUIT NOWOur lines are complete and we cangive vou the best choice right now.J. W. DAVIS &. CO.SEE IT.ii i vm,;Call and see our new all-steel White,Kitchen Cabinet. TtIftV jJ. i., nirs i- wi.vjii ! HAVE PAINTING OFFORMER GOVERNOR RETOUCHED!Prof, and Mrs: Albert H. Morehead jwent to -Frankfort yesterday, wherelmv arrflTipfld to meet an artist ofconsiderable note to complete ar-rangements for having the picture jnf "Ron James Turner Morehead, for- jmer Governor of Kentucky, which oc-upies a place in the Capitol buildingretouched and placed in its former ,condition. The portrait, which hangsin the historical room at the Capitol, .is a life-size likeness. Governor ofthe State, beginning in 1836, and was klater elected to the United States ;SUrvmVin: some fa.- PMi-Ul.eSenate, succeeding the late jonn j.jreivis, wmen was aiscussea atCrittenden, one of the most distin- length by Dr. S. L. Beard, of Shelby"iiished Ketuckians. ' ville. Following this the committeeto on program and next place of meet-YOU WILL BE PLEASED, -M :Get shoe satisfaction by trading at(tf) FELD'S.DECISION OF COMMITTEE TOBE MADE NEXT TUESDAY NIGHT.rrhf members of the Fire commit-n nf the Hitv Council will meet onnext Tuesday night for the purposeof reaching a decision in the matterof the purchase Ot an automouiie meapparatus. This decision was reach-d last nisht at the meeting of theCity Council at which bids and specification on auto apparatus were opened. The bids ranged from 4,500 to$5,700 on machine with a power ofform thirty to seventy-two horse.Bids were presented by the JamesBryden Bros., Knox Motor Co., Popewnrfford Co.. Segrave Motor Co.,merican La France Co., White Mo-1 Redmon, Dr. C. C. Garr, Dr. W. B.tor Co., and theHowe Engine Co. McClure, Dr. Woolfolk Barrow, LexThe three latter companies had rep- ington; Dr. J. E. Down, Gerogetown;resentatives before the council to Dr. J. E. Wells, Dr. N. A. Moore, Cynnresent the merits of the machines, i thiana; Dr. B. F. McClure, Litlerru PnnnP.il instructed City Attor- Rock: Dr. W. G. Daile3'. Dr. W. M.Hey C. A. McMillan to take legal ac-; oroinQf Hi ft Paris Water Co. fo:the failure to supply the city with.water, the contention being the watercompany had violated its part of thecontract with the city in its failureto furnish an abundant water supply.rSOCIAL A! PERSONALMr. J. D. Ockerman is quite ill athis home near Cane Ridge.Miss Laura Cosby, of Maysville.has arrived for a visit tn "rico xnifiiWright, on Pleaant street.-urs. jj-ay Araery has returnedfrom a visit to her mother, Mrs. Bessie Pinnell, in Georgetown.Mr. Ernest Taylor, of St. Louis,Mo., is the guest of his brother, Mr.D. G. Taylor, near this city.Mr. W. H. Harris is confined atMassie Hospital, after having undergone a slight surgical operation.Miss Leila Keller, of this city,will leave Tuesday for a visit to Mr.and Mrs. F. E. Baird, in Cynthiana.Misses Elva and Ruth Tinder, ofBirmingham, Ala., are the guests ofMiss Fannie Harris, on Walkekr. avenue. Mr. and Mrs.' Walter Merritt, ofDayton, O., are the guests of Mr. andMrs. Albert Jones, on Houston, Avenue. Mr. Richard Pearce and Mrs. Wm.j Pearce, of Cincinnati, will arrive Sunday for a visit to Mr. and Mrs. P. A.Thompson.Miss Caroline Erdman has retrned, to her home in Lexington after a" visit to her sister, Mrs. WilliamFisher, in this county.Mrs. Mattie Payne and son, Masterter George Lewis Payne, left Monday for West Virginia, where Mrs.Payne goes to take a position as librarian at Morris-Harvey College.Mrs. W. P. Veal and three children, of Lexington, spent last Sundaywith Mrs. J. E. Taylor, of East Paris.Mrs. Veal is a niece of Mr. Chas. C.Clendenin. and of Mrs. Frank O'Niel,of Mt. Airy.Mr. Chas. R. Hill, of this city,who has been spending his vacationin Louisville, has . returned "to Chicago, 111., to resume his position ascity representative of the James E. !Pepper Distilling Co. IAmong the Parisians who were j, visitors in Lexington yesterday were: ji Mr. and Mrs. Jos. M. Hall, Mrs. Swift !j Champ, Miss Mayme Holladay, Miss jBessie Holladay, Mrs. W. E. Board,Mrs. Carrie Fisher, Mrs. Ed. Hedees.Mr. and Mrs. Harry James, Mrs.Chas. Barnett, Mr. James Buckner,Mr. Woodford Buckner, Mr. J. O. Marshal, Mrs. N A. Moore, Dr. SilasEvans. ,Mrs. Frances E. Beauchamp,State President of the Kentucky W.C; T. U., and Mrs Julia R Gunn,C'oto yion-ratzfrv it'll I lie nf Ua mrnnuiiiuu. iiitrae muies win git; impressions of the State Convention recently held at Madisonville. A cordialinvitation is extended to all interestedfriends.Those from this city who attend-ed the performance of the Evans minj strel in Lexmgton Tuesday nightI were, Mr. and Mrs. C. Alexander, Mr., and Mrs. C. C. Clark, Mr. and Mrs.Swift Champ, Mrs. William Scott,Mr. and Mrs. I. D. Thompson, Mr. and-d.jo . ,i'iI0- ?" "-" i '" "" ", Heck, Messrs. Charles Webber, JohnWiggins and George M. Kiser.The Young Ladies' Mission Ciri cle of the Christian church met Tues-all-im-'ay afternoon with Miss Beitz at thenome or Mrs. &. if. uicicerson, witnpresident, Mrs,C. O. Wilmoth,presiding. After the business of theCircle was disposed of and an excellent program on "China" rendered, a! social hour was enjoyed, duringI which ice cream and c;tke werej served.I The following beautifully engraved announcement cards have! been received by relatives and friends! in Paris:Mrs. William C. Usseryannounces the marriage of herdaughterMartha Hume WallertoMr. William Allen ClarkeSaturday, October the fourthnineteen hundred and thirteenCincinnati, OhioAt Homeatter uctoDer twentie425 Eagt Fourth gtreetCincinnatiafter October twentiethMIDLAND MEDICAL SOCIETYHOLDS SESSION IN PARIS.(Continued from page 1)ganization, was in attendance. Themorning session was opened with anaddress on "Treatment of the Sufou-rative Diseases of the Kidney" by jDr. Carl L. Wheeler, of Lexington, jand the discuusion was opened by jDr. J. T. Windell, of Louisville. Thenext subject before the meeting waspresented by Dr. Nevil H. Garrett, of IFrankfort, on "Management of Laborin Cases of Relaterly Contracted (jing were appointed, when the societyi adjourned at one o'clock for lunch.Upon reconvening for the afternoonsession the committee on place ofmeeting reported that Lexington hadbeen selected and the date in Januaryfixed. "Modern Treatment of Diarrhea and Dysentry," the subject as -signed to ur. v: u. .uapsiey, vi uus, city, was admirably handled and thet discussion was conducted Dr. Gran-1ville Haynes, of Louisville. Dr. R. inaves uavis, ui uuuisvaic, auuicsscuj the society on "Rheumatism," whichwas followed by the discussion ot DrW. C. Parker, of Versailles. Thoseattending the sessions of, the societywere: Dr. U. V. Williams, Frankfort; Dr. H. E. "Wiley, Dr. GranvilleHaynes, Dr. William Cheatham, ;Dr.Louis Frank, Dr. Haj's Davis andDr. Neville Garrett Frank, of Lousisville: Dr. F. H. Clarke, Dr. L. C.Miller, Millersburg; Dr. Frank Fith-ian. Dr. A. H. Keller, Dr. Williams,Dr. W. C. Ussery, Dr. C. G. Daugherty, Dr. F. L. Lapsley, Dr. Cox, Dr. G.tli. Rankin, Dr. William Kenney, Dr.J. T. Brown, Dr. E. M. Fanes andDr C..E. Smithr of this city.NEGRO FATALLY SHOTAT CONSTRUCTIONCAMP.Felix Menzies, colored, was shotand probably fatally wounded at,No.2 camp of the Hough & SpradlingConstruction Co., near Austerlitz, thiscounty, Tuesday evening, about 8:30o'clock, by Tom Rowland, a negro,who made his escape after the shooting, and who has not been apprehended. The shooting, it is said, was the result of a difficulty which grew out ofa game of craps which was in progres at the camp in which it is alleged Menzies borrowed a dollarfrom Rowland, which the former refused to repay.Rowland left the camp, and, returning shortly, advanced on Menzies,who was dancing in one of. the camphouses, and fired five times at himwith his 'revolver. Two bullets .tookeffect, one entering the back belowthe right shoulder blade and emergedbelow the right nipple, while the second bullet entered the right shoulderand ranged downward.After the shooting Rowland fledfrom the camp, and so far the policehave been unable to locate him. Itis reported that he was seen going inthe direction of Winchester, and thepolice of that city have been notifiedto be on the lookout for him. He isdescribed as being rather ttll in stature, having a short upper lip, bluegummed, wore a small black hat andblue overalls. He is said to be avery desperate character, and has figured in at least half a dozen shootingscrapes in which two negroes werekilled.Dr. D. B. Anderson, of this city,was called to the camp, where he attended the wounded negro, and ordered his removal to the St. JosephHospital, in Lexington, Wednesdaymorning, where he is said to be in aserious condition, with little chancefor his recovery.Engine For Sale.Foos Special Electric gas or gasoline engine, four horse power, butwith 32-inch fly whels, will developas high as six horse power. Recentlyre-bored and fitted with many newparts. Engine is in first-class condition, and will be sold at a sacrifice.Apply at the NEWS office.FOR SALE.Drop Head Singer Sewing Machine, ?15.Drop Head White, $10.Nice Drop Head Singer, $10.No. 627 Main St.v,S,5'03'1'MarketHouse,'8tkand MainSts.9999A Few of Specials:Loin Steak 20c lbRoundSteak....1SclbPlateBeef....12l-2clbBrains 1 3c setChuck Roast.... 15c lbBreakfast Bacon 23 c lbCabbage 4-c lbLettuce 1 5c lbFresh Fish 1 Oc lbM. J. Heller& Co.;9999999mI Try sBaldwin'sGolden Eagkmana1 qSausageAnd OpenI Kettle2 T 9S Rendered Lard, SThe Best on EarthMade byI BaldwinS Bros.,Paris, Kentucky9QUARTERLYCOURT ISDECIDED.The case of John Kriener, administrator of Carrie K. Hornsey vs. Lizzie Grannon, pending in the BourbonQuarterly Court, was decided yesterday afternpon, the jury rendering averdict in favor of Miss Grannon.This case' was bitterly contested onboth sides and occupied two days ofthe court.The plaintiff claimed that he, asadministrator of Carrie K. Hornsey,was the owner and entitled to thepossession of a certain diamond ring,belonging jto his sister, Carrie K.Hornsey, at the time of her death.Miss Grannan claimed that MissHornsey, who was a very dear friend,gave her the ring at the hospital inLouisville in February of this year,the night before Mrs. Hornsey wasoperated upon, Miss Granaon havingaccompanied her to Louisville. Theadministrator did not recognize thegift, so brought the suit as stated.Close your eyes"and listento the great artists singing onthe Victor and you'd reallythink the singers themselveswere actually in the room.That's how perfect theVictor is; that's why it isacknowledged the greatest ofall musical instruments. - Itenables you to enjoy thevoices and music of theworld's greatest artists in alltheir beauty.Come in and hear the greatartists on the Victor and VictorVictrola you'll be surprised at thewonderfully clear, natural tone.Victors $10 to $100. VictorVictrolas $75 to $250.aughertyBros.ir;imJr 9Wood MlaritelsCASE IN( N 0r& ftJL meiiiiI'New Fall Goods.m mNow Ready For Your; Inspection .'.v. .'.9 After a three-weeks search of the New York andH Eastern markets, we are in a position to show you theH largest and best selected stock ever shown byusSee the beautiful new ideas inJ Silks, Dress Goods, Ch'allies, Velvets, Cor-q duroys, Dress Trimmings and LaceSjJ Neckwear and many novel accesssories to make your FallW outfit complete.Ask to see our non-shrinkable flannels for waists,9 shirts, &c.We are agents for the following good lines HendersonCorsets, DeBevoise Brassieres, Wayne Knit Hosiery andEskay Xid Gloves.W. Ed Tucker.iTl T oW1 IIC UUCNL3 THE BABY DOLL SHOE,in Patent, Colt, FeltTop.Also the English Walking Shoe in Tan' and Gun Metal.We Have The Season's NewestGeo. McPh(mmPhones 301msm&mmsmmmsmiHIMTONYOUR HEALTHYour family' HealthDEMANDSThat You Use a Vacuum CleanerDon't just stir up the DUST and GERMS. Remove themfrom the home. Not only do this, but cut your work inhalf. When you buy a cleaner buy a DUNTLEY. It isjust'as easy to buy the best.If you want anELECTRIC let usdemonstrate theDuplex!mroRSAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingiiiiA:iCJ 71JCIIMUUII I gWilliams,The Shoe Manjjrm& a?Ambulance.VMMV' THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K NTUCKY OCTOBER 10. 1913.Isd l1,. 6c N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT MAY 4, 1913Trains ArriveNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily ." 5.21 am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 5.18am29 Cynthlana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday - 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky. , Daily Excepc Sunday 7.40 am40 Lexington, Ky , Daily Except Sunday : 7.22 am37 Cincinnati, O., Duily 9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky. , "Pily Except Sunday 10.20 am12 Lexington, Kv. Di'ly .' 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., 1)81 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., tily Except Sunday 12.00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.-15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily . 3.33 pm38 Knoxville.Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pm, 5 Maysville, Ky., Daily , 5.35 pm39 Cincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily , 6,06 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.18 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains De-pstrtSo. TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday., 7.50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.50 am137 Lexington,- Ky., Daily 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.o5 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.20 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily ' ' 10.29 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 32.05 pro26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.33 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.56 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.23 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 6.20 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,. 6.35 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pm' IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trairis -A.rrrve .Ko. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily ExceptSunda 7.44 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm5 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.5C nmTrelzxs Depart!No. TO37 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.44 an?1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am1 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sudv 5.54 pmHere Is the Hogv Lexington, Ky.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,Enclosed find photo of hog that wascared of cholera with your BourbonHog Cholera Remedy. This hog wasalmost dead before using the medicineand then was entirely cured, exceptloss of ears, tail, etc. The hog iswned by Mr. SkUes Ewing, of BawHng Green, Ky. He will be glad totfve you a testimonial, and. we can getf eTeral more if you want them.t JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,y Bowling Green, Ky.- Ask Your Druggist for It.FOR SALE BY W. T. BROOKS.Special Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe payl21-2c for greenbeef jhides. Call uslupor bring it to our place.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KCall East Tenn. Phone 374No matter whether the thermometerregisters 1C5 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Peifiect Roofing,and the insurance rzte is no higher thanwhen slate or metal is used.We authorize our agents to refund the moneyX our Roofing is not petfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Ckleage, IllUeis5oW by MilKersburg Coal andLumbre Co.,Mill crsbursr, Ky.fiflHMMttLSSjgjao FOR WOMENmfmjZ-jW'Professional Card!Dr. Win. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.1 Office Phones T 1?( xxunie loo.Residence 5 E. T. 334.ucsmence j Home 234DR. .A. U KELIiEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid sParis - - - KentuckyJ J. WELIilAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Administrator's SaleOFLAIN DAs Administrator or James Denton,I will sell, on the premises, on theRuddels Mills pike, two miles fromParis, onMonday, October 11, 1913,At ten o'clock, a. m., the following:About twenty acres of land, including orchard of twelve acres; goodframe dwelling; cistern; stable andall necessary outbuildings.TERMS Made known on day ofsale. 'J. L. DENTON,' AdministratorEither phone 140. Paris, Ky.M. P. Kenney, Auc'tr.(26-td)Easy to Have, NaturalColored and BeautifulFffllAW HAIRtk many women have grey or fadedsjtfr; neglect it until it becomes thin,dry and lifeless, begins to fall out andmakes them appear much older tha"lviey really are. If your hair is infois condition get a bottle of Hay'Hair Health today. Don't wait untsome one says how 'much older youlook. You'll be delighted at theresults from even one or two applications. The grey hairs gradually dirappear and your hair will become fuof life and vitality. No one can tell'bat you are using it. It's not a dyihi;r n. njrn, rlcin preparation thari'f'lvly anil ffpclivply keeps vour greyhi- rfark. irfov ?ud )aur.i! coloredai d U at a'l druarists guarantee sat'.Jdftury or ipfijnd vnr monev M.Os a-,k for HavVlIair Health. Itaovrr ivl)s.rrt: Sigi thi .,dv. nn( ta.e it to tll8following dnipts nvd pet a S0e. hottie of Hay's TI3fr T!pKh aT1(j a 2Jc.cake of Harnna S"pp, pr 50n.; or ?1 00bottle of Hav's Hal. alth ami two25c. CMices of Harfma ? p Free, for $1,L. OBERDORFER, Druglt,Paris, Ky.FRIGHTFUL BUNGLERS,THESE YANKEE POLICE.(Boston Globe.)A. Leeds, England, engineer, whohas just returned home after an absence of some years in Massachusetts, has informed the YorkshireEvening Post of an uncomfortable experience of his while on a recent visitto Niagara Falls.With a friend he was returning toLynn, after having witnessed the"World's Wonder," when he becameconscious that his friend, who wasfas,t asleep, was being closely scrutenized by a lynx-eyed sort of, person,who shortly afterward left the carriage 'and returned with three companions all detectives.The friend was rudely awakened,and the two men were then putthrough a searching cross-examinationas to their movements for thejpast few days their intentions for thenext day or so, their names and business, and a hundred and one personaland embarrassing questions.This at one o'clock in the morningwhen the travelers were still a 400mile railway journey from their destination! And for five hours theirmovements were closely watched.Every time one went along the corridor or walked to the smoking roomhewas shadowed, and it was with adistinct feeling of alarm that thefriends contemplated the situation.Suddenly in the middle of the nightthe train was jerked to a standstilland the two friends supposed thatthey were about to be arrested. Butthe journey was resumed, and in theearly morning, much to the relief ofthe suspects, the detectives disembarked. Finally the friends questioned theticket collector, from whom theylearned that they were suspected ofhaving been concerned in a train robbery, but that the detectives had satisfied themselves that 'they were onthe wrong track!While feeling: the keenest resent-jnent at the rude handling to whichtney naa Deen subjected, the two mendeemed discretion the better part ofvalor."Why didn't we vigorously protest?Ah, you don't know'the Yankee policemen like I do," was the Leeds man'scomment. "On the slightest pretextthey would have been only too willingto 'run us in,' and we had no desireto spend the night in an Americanpl'ison."But if they had only taken tlietrouble to look at our tickets theywould have seen that Ave 'were bonafid travelers out for sight-seem-.They'ie frightful bunglers, though,these Yankee police.'It inay be news to Yorkshire peopleto hear that train loots are quitecommon occurrences at the presenttime, even in so populated a State asMassachusetts.The desperadoes' modus operandi isto put brushwood across the line insome isolated spot. The driver frantically attempts to bring his engine toa standstill to avoid a catastrophe,and instantly he is "covered" by a re1volver.Others of the gang who have beenlurking in ambush, calmly proceed torifle the passengers' pockets, and acouple of the "dark-visage gentlemen" at either end of the corridorare generally able by the aid of the"peaceful persuasion" of loaded sixshooters to quiet any unlooked-for objection to part with valuables.It scarcely needs to be said thatthe experienced Americans srenerallvtravel with a note upon a bank andwitn just as much ready cash assocms necessary.The only hope of the enerine driveris to see the obstruction across thp.line in sufficient time to be able toreverse his engine and sneed hnnv tnthe nearest station: or if in a farWestern State like Virginia, wheretram roDdenes are of monthly occurrence, to the Sheriff's reRidonnowhich is often fifty or a hnndrpdmiles back.Then the Sheriff and his men organizes a raid and short shrift is tlrjrate of him who falls into their hands.WOMEN WHO GET DIZZY.Every woman who is troubled withfainting and dizzy snells. hao.kar.hfvheadache, weakness, debility, constipation or kidney 'troubles, should useElectric Bitters. They give reliefwhen nothing: else will, irmrnvp. tiihealth, ading strength and vigor fromtne nrst dose. Mrs. Laura Gaines, ofAvoca, La., says: "Four doctors hadgiven me up and my children and allmy friends were looking for me todie, when my son insisted that I useElectric Bitters. I did so. and tbovhave done me a world of good." Justtry them. 50c. and $1.00 at all druggists, or by mail.H. E. Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia orSt. Louis. (adv)(Oct.)The manufacture of street pavingbricks trom blast furnace slag is adeveloping industry in the north ofEngland.New York's county sheriff receiveshigher yearly compensation than doesthe President .of the United States.Australia's public debt now standsat $1,330,039,000. Annual interestbill reaches $47,435,150.To accommodate dirigible balloons,no matter which way the wind isblowing, a German hangar is mounted on a turntable and is providedwith doors at both ends.ECZEMA AND ITCHING CUREDThe soothing, healing medication inDr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment penetrates every tiny pore of the skin,clears it of all impurities stops itching instantly. Dr. Hobson's EczemaOintment is guaranteed to speedilyheal eczema, rashes, ringworm, tetter and other unsightly eruptions.Eczema Ointment is a doctor's prescription, not an experiment. Alldruggists or by mail, 50c. PfeifferChemical Co., Philadelphia and St.Louis. (adv)(Oct)j?-.. a,r;H I' I ll ill " PHlllllJ III NllflllllliLi mmnWThe winter'sthat also. Yet, half of it is wasted by poor management. Oh, yes it is! Listen and be convinced.Ordinary soft coal is half gas. An average ton of $3.00 coal contains about14,000 cubic feet of gas common illuminating gas. ." A gas which will, ifproperly mixed with air, burn with an intensely hot blue flame. This gasrepresents the best half of your ton of ctfal.This unburned gas and a large portion of the heat ISunder perfect control until oxidized and burned.It is the only stove that is made tight holds tight stays tight.It is the only stove that saves the wasted chimney heat.It's the only stove that gives you a constant, steady heat with soft coal, hardcoal or lignite.It will give you all the heat that is in your coal.It will hold yourIt will burn all kinds of fuel.It is guaranteed to consume one-third less fuelof the same size, using soft coal, lignite or slack.AND It is sold you under a guarantee to fillBack of this guarantee is the credit and capitalit is worth to you 100 cents on the dollar.Come in and See It. It Means DollarsPleased Customer for Us.E. c7Vl WHEELERj)FURNITURE CO."Robneel" Building, Corner Eighth and cTHainSee the name ''Cole's"Scratched40 YearsUsed D. D. D.,All Itching Gone-This is the actual experience of AnnoCroman, Santa Rosa, Cal., with the wonderful D. D. D Presenption.r. D. D. is the nioven Eczema Gurotuc iiuiu w .tan mm gives instant leiietin all forms of skin trouble.Cleanses the skin of all impuritieswashes away blotches and pimples,leaving the skin as smooth and healthyas that of a child.Get a 50c bottle of this wonderfulEczema Cuie today and keep it in thehouse.We know that D. D. D. will do all thatis claimed for it.C. E. BUTLER & CO.HOW THE SAHIBS MANAGEDTO KEEP COOL IN INDIA.Europeans Stay Healthy by DrinkingThree Gallons of Water a Day.(Scientific American.)All dry objects were as hot as thisor hotter and were uncomfortable tohandle. The mercury in the thermometer iell at once when a handwas placed near it or if it werebreathed on. Until about midday aparty of investigated healthy Europeans remained in the sun with no physical exercise being taken.Such a life is led by hundreds ofEuropeans in India, customarily witha gian rather than a loss of health.When health suffers it is usuallythrough the incidence of infectiousdisease. None of the party, usingstrict moderation, consumed less thanthree gallons of liquid a day. Whenthe activity and considerable exposure to the extremes of heat are takeninto account in this experience,which probably represents an apporach to the limit of comfort, thefluid intake is not far removed fromthe hypothetical estimate, based onthe many data at hand.In such extremes of dry heat anyfailure of prespiration must lead toinstant and grave risk. This failuremay result from slight malaria, earlyCoal costs money.coal costs BIG money. You knowCarried up the Chimney by the air leaking cracks in- stoves of Ordinary construction.There is only one way to save this wasted gas and heat&nd that is with aCole's OHot Blastwhich is so constructed diat itIn this wonderful heater andfire 36 hours without attention.on the feed door of each stove.SPECIAL TRASN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RpTURNSunday, OCT. 12$1.25yi(jHRoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLeaves GEORGETOWASK TICKET AGENTtyphoid or any other process by whichheat regulation is upset. Pure "heatstroke, or sunstroke, Dr. Hunt hasnever found in a proved healthy person. A man might suffer from butslight fever while indoors and mightbe unaware that he was ill; yet failif he were at work in the sun.The main regulation of heat losstakes place by the control of thenervous system over the cutaneouscirculation and the sweat glands.When this fails, the temperature mustspeedily rise above the normal inthese hot climates. General excitability is evinced aad metabolism isstimulated so that a "vicious circle" isestablished. There is not even anycompensation by lessened heat production. In "wet heat" the limit .ofsafety is speedily reached. When theair is already more or less saturatedw,ith moisture, as indicated by highwet bulb thermometer readings, evaporation is slow aiifl inefficient, anddanger ensues even during rest. Theexcess of sweat secreted and any increase in the amount of water consumed under such conditions merelyYou know it.risrinhas no air leaking cracks.fuel - saver the gas is keptthan any lower draft stoveall these claims.of an immense factor'- andin Your Pocket and aNone genuine without itRoundTrip7i4Sa.mFOR PARTICULARS.c& &JL M d & E.mS3mMiIIEikfe ffl agjj saevrcrasFyyBsgyrf: ,:t . , i .LgxrasrigTg-'zssgagincrease discomfort rather than facilitate the proper heat regulation of thebody.The large amount of water abso-ilutely required and actually consumed by men in these hot climates hasnot been appreciated adequately in.any quantitative sense. ExperimentsI by 'Dr. Hunt have demonstrated thata healthy man carries in his body a.large reserve of water, mainly stored,in muscles and so readily available:that the percentage of water in theblood is not appreciably diminishedeven when several liters of waterhave been lost by sweating. If,,however, it is extensively drawn on,replacement seems to occupy manyhours, and this delay is an argumea.against any restricifon of drinking,which would cause undue or needlessuse of the stored water of the huma.body.In the home of a Conneticut manthere has been installed a private motion picture theatre, so placed thatguests can view the pictures, as from,a box, while at the dinner table.m. v, ', v&1 X '--: jJtftaAMMlMaMfa..iii'miTlin ir -- -pMMlIHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. OCTOBBER 10, 1913.tllmmmmammmma0tmmmmmmmmmmmmmn'''mmmamLmmmmmmmmtrmmmmmmKmci9FRESHMelons on Ice CantaloupesString BeansFresh Tomatoes Sweet PeasEvergreen CornPeaches CucumbersSquashAll Fresh and NiceBoiled and Minced HamKeller Grocery Company0-9m9-99m9To Bicycle Owners:Is Your Bicycle Sick ?a9iffl 10 AHENOKN0XV1LLE EXPO.Secretary of State Will Visit NationalConservation Exposition n October11 and Will Deliver an Address.DAY WILL BE CELEBRATED BY SUNDAY SCHOOLSHorse Show Which Begins TonightWill Bring Out a Number of theCountry's Best Animals-.If so, bring it to J. ELVOVE, and he willcure it at a very small cost and will guaranteehis work to give satisfaction or no pay. Wehave engaged an expert mechanic to do thisI work. We carry a tfull line of all kinds oft Repairsand Supplies. .;Bicycles to suit your pocket book.J. ELVOVE, !Paris, KentuckyOur Call Home Phone 36099m9999999999-99JYL A.Barber Shop.first-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto All.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share of jYour Patronage.Electrically operated machinery hasbeen invented for tapping thousandsof rubber trees on a plantation atonce, with less manual labor andwithout injury to the bark of thetrees.BEWARE OF OINTMENTS FOR CATARRH THAT CONTAIN MER. CURY.a?5SS,JiEliaii2ia lS&SSSHfiTBBHSiw$8i&&B&3l9W&3mIf$4?I&e Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNotMitr is roorc important in thehome man cl'-nr, tPody light. Insurethis b7 retting tli" oil that burnsClear .iijrt -in 'thoiit a flickerdown, to t 1 1 t 5mp. PennsylvaniaendeoilTvlmM to jerfect!on.rv,t; no i'io e than the inferiortinl;vann oiH-cnves MONEY savesWORK cnrr- cvrs.Your oVrLt has SOLITE OIL inbjrrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Rehnvry at Warren. Pa.Wa s-jll ihc celebrated "oCarb"Auto 0LAs mercury will surely destroy thesense of smell and completely derange the whole system when enterinor if hT-iir'h fho mnnnne cnrfonoeSuch articles should never be used ex- i dl? at the show.cept on prescriptions from reputablephysicians, as the damage they willdo is tenfold to the good you can possibly derive from thenr. Hall's Catarrh Cure, manufactured by F. J.Cheney & Co., Toledo, O., contains nomercury and is taken internally, acting directly upon the blood and mucous surfaces of the system. In buying Hall's Catarrh Cure be sure youget the genuine. It is taken internally and made in Toledo, Ohio, by F.F. J. Cheney & Co. Testimonialsfree.Sold by druggists. Price 75c. perbottle.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation, (adv(Oct.)KNOXVILLE, TENN., Oct. 9 Wm.Jennings Bryan, Secretary of State,in the cabinet of President WoodrowWilson, will visit Knoxville, and theNational Conversation Exposition onSaturday, October 11. Mr. Bryan'sacceptance of the invitation extendedto him to se the first exposition inhistory devoted to the cause of conversation and also the biggest exposition ever held in the south, hasbeen received.' He will make an address on the exposition grounds onSaturday afternoon.The day on which Mr. Bryan willcome to the exposition will also becelebrated as Sunday school day. Amonster procession with 20,000 Sunday school pupils from Knoxville,East Tennessee and other parts ofthe South is planned for that day.Secretary Bryan will be greeted byan immense audience and expositionrecords as far as attendance is concerned probably will be broken onthat day.There are several other events ofprominence on the exposition calendar of much interest for the comingweek, the chief among them beingthe visit of the committees from theUnited States Senate and House ofRepresentatives. Several weeks agothe House by resolution voted to senda committee to the exposition to lookthe big national over and to see whathad been done. Speaker ChampClark heads the committe of fifteen.The Senate has also voted to send acommitte to Knoxville and the twocommittees will be at the expositionon Monday next. A big program, including speeches and entertainmentfor these national lawmakers hasbeen arranged.In addition to these events comealso the Live Stock Show, the NightHorse Show and the Corn Show, Anumber of big special days are sandwiched in also.The Night Horse Show, beginningto-night, will be the society eventof the exposition as well as the biggest and best horse show ever seenin the South. The entry lists thathave now closed is the authority forthe latter statement. The list is longand includes some of the best horsesand strings of thoroughbreds, bothsaddle and harness, in the country.One of the features of this show willbe the competition for the $1,009stake offered for the best five-gaitedsaddle horse to be shown under sad-0PS9f 999Q9QZWAt an estimated cost of more than$12,000,000, a Canadian railway exj pects within a few years to havei opened a two-track tunnel four milesjin length through the Selkirk range!of mountains between Calgary and' Vancouver.per 11 Ucent. $iooo to $100,000W. KING & SON,125;Cheapside. Lexineton, KyAN OLD HAND.(Life.)Owner of Apartment House Is thenew janitor experienced?Agent You bet he is! He wasn'ton the job half an hour before allthe bells and speaking tubes were outof commission.THE FAMILY COUGH MEDICINE.In every home there should be aCANCER CUREDI rtiiaPnnt.A iru a I lift.X dertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Pans. 9DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.kAAAAAAAAAAAAA4A4AAAAAAWW WT WW WW WWWBUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop.. .Three Expert Artists; No- Waits. vHot nd ColdBaths.Main -t. - Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo--bottle of Dr. King's New Discovery,ready for immediate use when anymember of the family contracts acold or a cougli. Jfrompt use wmstop the spread of sickness. S. A.Stid, of Mason, Mich., writes: "Mywhole family depends upon Dr. King'sNew Discovery as the best cough andcold medicine in the world. Two50c. bottles cured me of pneumonia."Thousands of other families havebeen equally benefited and dependentirely upon Dr. King's Discovery tocure their colds, coughs, throat andlung troubles. Every dose helps.Price 50c. and $1.00. All druggists.H. E. Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia or j be of great benefit to bothSt. Louis. (aavj(Oct)Miss Annette Hosford, of CherokeeFarms, Jackson, Miss., and Mrs. Richard Lowndes, Jr.; of Danville, Ky.,are two of the prominent women exhibitors. Their strings of horses rank,with the best in the country and thesewomen will drive and ride their ownexhibits.Big delegations of society folk fromAtlanta, Birmingham, Chattanooga,Nashville, Memphis, Lexington, Louisville, Washington and other citieswill add to the brilliancy of theNight Horse Show.For the Live Stock Show there areover 1,200 animals entered and thisnumber would have been largely increased had there been room inwhich to house the animals. As itwas, the exposition management wascompelled to build 200 new stalls anda building 225 by 40 feet in order totake care of all the entries. The following States are represented in theentry list:Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Kentucky,South Carolina, North Carolina, Georgia, Alambama, Mississippi and Tennessee. Fourteen thousand dollars inpremiums is offered for the LiveStock Show and $3,5000 for the NightHorse Show. The premium featuresare one of $1,000 for the best fivegaited saddle horse shown under saddle at the Night Horse Show and oneof $1,000, known as the Merchants'and Manufacturers' stake, for the bestpair of heavy brood mares under sixyears of age, shown. There is also aharness roadster class that is open tocountry and this event has filled withsome of the best strings in thecountry.Governor Slaton, of Georgia, hasproclaimed Georgia Day at the exposition a holiday, and thousands of residents of Georgia and Atlanta for itis also Atlanta Day at the big fairwill come for that day. Homemakers'and Farmers' Day on Thursday willbring into Knoxville practically every farmer in East Tennessee andalso large numbers from neighboringStates. A feature of this day will bethe "getting acquainted social," tendered the women of the rural districtsby the women of the city. This is afeature new to any exposition and theinterchange of views between thesetwo classes of women is expected toNJjp vaSBBiLis; SafeFall OpeninorGas and Coal Stoves,Heaters and Ranges.In Our Showing of Gas Ranges andHeaters, We Lead Them All.Let Us Show You.. A Bigger Stock, A Better StoveA Little Show Will Convince You that We Are Right Get the'SAPETY -LIGThe new process in the Visible Gas Rangewith Broiler Pan and Dirt Pan, White EnameledFinish. All Doors White Enamel.1Let Us Show You One of Our6-Room Heatersand Can be Run Much Cheaper Than One Grateand is Guaranteed to Heat 6 Rooms.Can Save You Workand MoneybocCrt1iOrV(?W Y57tt99mFIn ' i 1 1 1 ' I IIH t IVrM ll 1 fA I IB'MmskA. JrAll Ranges and HeatersAre Made and Constructed ofWellsville PolishedSteele.This Small Heater is" Porcelain, Enamel and Nickei Trimmed.Let Us Show You. All Stoves Connected up FREE readyfor Use.Wheeler Furniture Co.S iVfaisi StreetChas. Green, Mg'r,Opp. Court House999w9999999999m999999999m9999w999v9Q9w9&9&9m&MQ$$$QQ22 liattttMHItHHHt -PICTURESQUE COSTUMES NOLONGER WORN IN WASHINGTONIt is estimated that there are 200,000,000 incandescent lamps in use inthe United States and that the demand for new lamps totals 100,000000 a year.THEY MAKE YOU FEEL GOODThe pleasant purgative effect produced by Chamberlain's Tablets andthe healthy condition of body andmind which they create make one feeljoyful. For sale by all dealers.(adv) . . - (Oct)On October 15 Cardinal Gibbons willcome to the National ConversationExposition and the day after his visitBooker T. Washington will come forNegro Day.Interest in -the personnel of the diplomatic corps is revived as the autumn advances and diplomats returnfrom their summer outings. The lamentable thing for sightseers is thatthe legations are becoming so thoroughly Amercanized that there is nonovelty now in their appearance onWashington avenues. In former daysthe Turks, Persians, Siamese and Ieven the Japanese kept to their native costumes and made a most notable attraction in social affairs; now,however, they appear like everyoneelse in evening hats and frock coats,while their ladies wear exquisiteParis "crations." As one Westernvisitor remarked, about all that is leftof the national costumes is theTurkish Ambassador's fez which is nothing extraordinary now that the American Shriner is often seen wearing itwhen remaining over after a convocation.Formal social . invitations from thejuuuy oi me wnite iouse win soon Deforthcoming. They are embossed inGothic type and delivered by messenger, and tradition has it that theyare "commands" and that previousengagements do not count but this isonly tradition. At the Turkish embassy the "command" cannot beobeyed, for religion 'forbids the Turkish women to appear in public. Theexception comes when a member ofthe legation, as for instance, AliKuli Khan, the Secretary of theTurkish embassy, chances to have ashis wife an American woman.It is interesting to witness the informality of Ambassadors as theychance to meet. After the summer alittle group of diplomats were overheard discussing the deliehts andpleasures as well as the discomfortsof the various American summer resorts. The coming season promisesto be a lively one in Washington, and (the diplomatic corps will take partin the merriment. "Affairs at Washington," Joe Mitchell Chappie, in National Magazine for October.2 Cents Above Elgin!Butter Pat Price is - - jjcWeek Ending October 1 2Secure all the profit you can from your dairy, by sending yourcream to the Tri State Butter company, whose boast is an averageprice of 32 1T10 cents per pound for the entire year the highestaverage price of any creamery in the State.. The Tri State is not an experiment, but Ja Kesponsible, Safeand Permanent Creamery vith 5,000 shippers in three States anda capital stock of $75,000, paying Spot Cash for evevy shipment.It is easy to ship cream to the Tri State, as we use the sourcream, simply sending a can once or twice a week, dependingupon your facilities of keeping it cool.Free cans for 30 days' trial and sent prepaid upon request, or it there is any further information de-J sired, write us at once.The Tri State Butter Co., Cincinnati, (XCapital Stock $75,000.Ship your cream any time, as we collect day and night fromall depots.An ordinary fruit jar may be-scew-edinto the top of a household coffeemill patented by a Missouriai? to holda reserve supply of coffee.CHRONIC DYSPEPSIAFor teaching young children towalk and otherwise developing theirmuscles a New York man has invented an attachment for dining ta-i Sherman street, Hornellsville, N. Y.The following unsolicited testimonial should certainly be sufficient togive hope and courage to persons afflicted with chronic dyspepsia: "Ihave been a chronlcm dyspeptic foryears, and of all the medicine I liavetaken, Chamberlain's Tablets havedone me more good than anythingelse," says W. G. Mattison, No. 7bles which holds them up as they For sale by all dealers.(adv)4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Are GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO RISKSIf You Are InterestedWrite UsWhen you fedf:sxtvous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign you need MOTTS NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sura and ask foeMott's Nerverine Pills ggffiWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Prop., Cleveland. OUaL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky..,UNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000fullyPaidkPaper insulation on exposed electric wires has withstood twenty-threeyears' service.A MARVELOUS ESCAPE"My little boy had a marvelou2 esrcape," writes P. F. Bastiams, ofPrince Albert, Cape of Good Hope."It occurred in the middle of thnight. He got a very severe attackof croup. As luck would hare it Ihad a large bottle of Chamberlain'Cough Remedy in the house. Afterfollowing the directions for an uirand twenty minutes ,n y&& thrgh.all danger." Sold Dyall(adv) rw&gmm&MMarsmove Hrounu. i (Oct.)- ii...,EWSSTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 10, 1913The Coffee with a pleasing aroma.Try it to-day. Use it always. Forsale by all grocers. Save thecoupons.ified Cheek CoffeeIKm- Pari Grand - Frlflau and Saturday, 061. 10, 11 1$EDISON T ALKING PICTURES 5You See the Actors andReturn Engagement. 'Improved and Perfectedlear their Voices asin Real LifeDrama, Opera, Vavdcville, Comedy, Farcej Use CeFth o v rmMati wo Ninnts. baiuraauneeii i 'r. tjIW 'f wSeats on Sale at IVfitchefl Sc Blakemore's-Night, 25c, 35c and 50c. Matinee, Children 25c; Adults 35.tMtiMfltffggflfttftaffiafta"aaaa6pgttaa"KOFMlLLEBSBURulllclntyre & Baldwin, have takenxlie contract for delivering the mail-an dexpress.Mrs. N. B. Dickens, of Nashville,'Tenn., is the guest of her mother,Mrs. Elizabeth Stir man and family.Mrs. Mattie Purneli has accepteda position as housekeeper at the 3M.jSI.I., and entered on her duties"Tuesday.-Mrs. C. M. Best returned Mondayfrom St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, where she has been under treatment for the past ten days.Miss Judith Beeding left Sundayfor her home at Cincinnati, after having spent the summer with her sister?. Mrs. Lizzie Stirman and Mrs.S. H. Endicott.Elder and Mrs. C. 0. Cossaboomreturned Wednesday from Toronto,3an., where they attended the international meeting of theChurck.Mr. Sylvester Garrison fell froma 'barn on his farm near this placeseveral days ago and as a result isconfined to his home suffering from anumber of severe bruises.Mrs. A. T. Gault, who has beenat ihe Massie Memorial Hospital inParis under the treatment of Dr. "W.G. Dailey, returned home Wednesdaymuch improved in health.There will be a special meetingof Amity Lodge No. 40, F. & A. M.,Monday, at 7:30 p. m. All membersare urged to be present, as therewill be work in the first and seconddegrees.Mr. J. Kazer Head, of Lebanon,Ky., has accepted a position as localmanager of the Central Home Telephone Co. at this place, vacated by2&r. Leslie Bryan. Mr. Head is aman of large telephone experienceand is a member of one of the bestfamilies of Lebanon. He is a prominent member of the Methodist churchand comes to us with a wifewe welcome these good people intoour community. Mr. Head will takecharge of the work here today.Miss Sadie Strother and Mr. Arthur Plummer were united in marriage Thursday, at 3 p. m., at the homeof the bride's parents, near Osgood.Miss Strother is a charming younglady of sixteen years, while thegrom is but twenty. The weddingwas a beautiful one and took placePUBLIC SCHOOL HONORROLL FOR SEPTEMBERThe honor roll for the month ofSeptember of the Paris City Schoolshows a largo number of pupils whoduring the month attained an average of ninety per cent, or better. Ofthe total number of pupils in thewhite school one hundred and tenon the veranda of the Strother home, t weresuccessfulThe bridal party came onto the veranda in the following order: Rev. J.D. Redd, the officiating minister, followed by little Miss Ruth Hornbeckas ring bearer, and she by the bridalcouple. The bride was beautifullygowned in cream voile over messaline, with bridal veil, carrying bride'sroses, while the groom was attired inthe conventional black. The ceremony was beautiful and impressive.Immediately after the wedding theyoung couple took an automobile forLexington, and from thence to Louisville for a few days' stay. MissStrother is the eldest daughter of Mr.Christian J aild Mrs. R. W. Strother, of the firmof Strother & Booth, merchants,and Mr. Plummer is a son of Mr. andMrs. Joseph Plummer, prominent farmers. The young couple are the recipients of a large number of usefuland handsome presents.PHILADELPHIA TAKES THIRDOF THE WORD'S SERIES.In the third game of the world'sseries at New York Polo Groundsyesterday afternoon the Athletics defeated the Giants by a score of 8 to2. Batteries Philadelphia, Bush andSchang; New York, Tesreau, Crandall and McLean, Wilson.duringtheFirst Game.New York 4, Philadelphia 6. Batteries, New York, Marquard, CranTesreau and Myers; Philadelphia,Bender and Scrange.Second Game.Philadelphia 0, New York 3. Bat-and'teries, Philadelphia, Plank and Lapp;one child. It is with pleasure that New York, Matthewson and McLean.past month, which is a very good percentage of the enrollment securingthe highest honors for the first monthof school. The honor roll is as follows: Grade C 1 Boyd Gillen, 92.Grade B 1 Frances Clark, 90;Ethel Culbertson, 90; Lillian Taylor,90; Virginia Tingle, 90; Bruce Gardner, 90.Grade A 1 Ethel Payne, 90; William Blount, 90; Von Likens, 90;Henry Sandusky, 90; Russell Buckner, 90.Grade B 2 Joanne Harris, 91; Marion Fithian Gilkey, 90; KatherineDuncan, 91; Mary Louise Clendenin,91; Martha Miller Collier, 90; Bourbon Roebuck, 91.Grade A 2 Carolyn White Wilmoth, 93; Charles Goodin, 92; EdnaEarl Burns, 91; Lucy Farrow, 91;Mary Sandusky, 90.Grade B 3 Thomas Snapp, 93;Edward Munich, 93; Anna Farrow,93; Crutcher Chism, 93; Virginia Cabal, 91; Hycle Mann, 91; WilburnRussell, 90; Russell Horton, 90.Grade A 3 Virginia Hancock, 93;Margaret Hill, 92; Edward Paton, 92;Elizabeth Lilleston, 90; LouiseWright, 90; Ruth Wheeler, 90; Leonard Fronk, 90. .Grade B 4 Ann R. Duncan, 95;i Boyle Myers, 94; Geneva Fightmas, ter, 93; Devora Chism, 92; AliceShearer, 92; Reynolds Buckler, 90.Grade A 4 Frances McCarthy, 91;Francis Harris, 90; Vanessa Lykens,90; Elizabeth Johnson, 90; HildaTaylor, 90; Gladys Pinckard, 90;Eva Chappell, 90; Herbert Myers, 90;Stone, 90.Robert Southerland, 90; ForrestGrade B 5 Nancy B. Wilson, 95;Thomas A. Hendricks, 95; SidneyLinyiHe, 94; Viola Ackman, 92; Virginia Thompson, 91; Verna Turpin,91; Leslie . O'Neil, 90; Nancy Davis,90; Ola Cassity, 90.Grade A 5 Elizabeth Wheeler, 90;Elizabeth Stewart, 92; Norbert Friedman, 92; James Arnsparger; 93; Bessie Lee Snapp, 93; Raymond Stamler, 90; Bob Morris, 92; Bessie Owensf91: Thomas Hubbard, 91: Robert iHall,, 93; Collins Hall, 92; GeraldineHerrin, 91; Rankin Mastin, 94; AlmaLouise Goldstein, 92.Grade B 6 Albert Stewart, 90.Grade A 6 Robert Burnett, 90; Lutie Crowe, 92; Dorothy Harris, 92;Christine McCord, 91; Ann Meglone,90; Dorothy Tingle, 91; Clara Hartley, 93.Grade A 7 Elmeta Hinton, 90; Eugene Lair, 90; Russell. Roberts, 90;Madge Taylor, 94., Grade A 8 Fannie Heller, 95;Vernita Baldwin, 94; E. L. Burley, 93;Elizabeth Clark, 90; Ruby Elder, 92;Eleanor Lytle, 93; Vallette McClintock, 92; Edna Snapp, 94; Mabel Templin, 91.Grade A 9 Minnie Kiser, 90; Raymond Connel, 91; Mayme Flanders,91; Lula Honican, 90; Forrest Letton,92.Grade A 10 John T. Redmon, 93;Evelyn Friedman, 95.Grade A 11 Lina Crowe, 93; GraceMcCord, 93; Barnett Winters, 90.Grade A 12 Eli Friedman, 98; Edward Myall, 97; Ruth Chambers, 93;'Wayne Cottingharn, 92.iParis GrandWednesday, October15TO DIVIDE STATE INTO 'GOOD ROADS DISTRICTSAccording to plans suggested in aletter to county road engineers, sentout Monday by Commissioner ofRoads R. C. Terrell, for "Good RoadsDays," October 24 and 25. the roadsare to be divided into districtswithdesignated citizens as superinendtens. TJiey are to see ever- person intheir district and get them to work,taking teams ori tools with them.People in the cities- are urged to helpFIRST TIME HEREThe Play of the Century"William A. Brady, Ltd.PresentsTHE WORLD-WIDE SENSATION1 VpWhy Not Save Tour-Je , - tit r 4BNOWOffer YouDollars?You Will Do So by Buying YourFALL FOOTWEARThis Week and Saturday WeBrand-New Fall Shoes at Prices WhichWill Save You Money.fOOTWEAR OF QUALITYFor Men, Women and Children. Made on the Most Perfect Lasts, MostPerfect Models of the Human Foot.See the New Styles of the Famous Makers of Men's and Women's Shoes.SPECIALBaby's Doll Gun Tip and Plain, Special Price $2.24Ladies' Tan Low Heel Shoes, Special Price 2.49Ladiesf Cloth Top Gun and Patent 2.49Ladies' Suede English, Special . 2.49We Save You Money and Guarantee Satisfaction.. On Account of Holiday Saturday Our Store Will Open for Business at 6 p. m.DAN COHE3N19With the Same Great Cast and Production Seen During ItsRecord-Breaking Fifteen Months' Eun at ThePlayhouse, New York City.Over a Year at the Princess Theatre, ChicagoOver a Year at the New Theatre. London, Eng.m9eoommQm9m9m5 PRICES-35C, SOc, 75c9 $1.00, $1.50. 29J Seats at Mitchell & Blakemore's Saturday Morning.with the work or contribute funds,and automobile owners to busy themselves hauling workers and tools.Commissioner Terrell, to whom hasbeen assigned the task of arrangingdetails of the good roads days, proclaimed by Governor McCreary, willcall on local commercial organizations to take an active hand in thework.IGAS RANGES.Just received, a carload ofNew Process Gas Rangesat A. F. Wheeler FurnitureCompany, opposite Court-house. tfNUCLEUS OF ZOOLOGICALGARDEN FOR STATE FAIRPlans for establishing a permanentexhibit on the State Fair Groundsof big game and game birds, havebeen under discussion by Commissioner of Agriculture J. W. Newman,and former Senator H. M. Froman,of the Board of Agriculture, andChairman Sachs and ExecutiveAgent J. Q. Ward, of the State Gameand Fish Commission. Commissioner Newman said it can be definitely stated that before the next fairthere wijl be on the grounds specimens of elk, deer and all the nativegame birdsHiOOS.Rev. O. R. Mangum, pastor of theBaptist Church, will be in his pulpitSunday morning and evening. Thesubject for the morning service willbe "Message of Autumn," and at nightthe subject of the . -discoursewill be "Jesus Lover nf Mrouui. iuormng service atevening at 7:30. Sunday9:30. Baraca Class 9:45.10:45,School atCome to Charley IVlunsonfor your goods and save,your money. New line offall goods. Best goods forthe least money. Locatedsouth side of court house,rear Agricultural Bank. 3-3tGIRLS! DRAW A MOISTCLOTH THROUGHHAIRry This! -Hair Gets Thick, Glossy,Wavy and Beautiful at Once. -C Iw I-. Sis IIImmediate? Yes! Certain0that's the joy of it. Your hair i,n-They will be keDt in enclosures on comes light, wavy, fluff v. !tit.o-the grounds throughout the year for j and appears as soft, lustrous "andbreeding purposes, and collected into , beautiful as a young girl's after asuitable pens for exhibition purposes anderine hair cleanse. Just tryduring the fair. Eventually Com-tIlis moisten a cloth with a littlemissioner Newman intends to havepermanent exhibits in buildigs of themieral and umber resources of theDanderineana carenillv roTi- a-thropgh your hair, taking one smallstrand at a time. This -nHll mtiState. These, with the game, ore- tne "air of all dust.dirt nr pvpocciVqserve.the forest nursery.and thegov- oil and in just a few moments youernment fish hatchery, will afford the llave doubled the beauty of your hair,nucleus of a permanent exposition at - delightful surprise awaits thoseLouisville. I whose hair has been neglected or isThe Game and Fish Department scraggy, thin, faded, dry, brittle orexpects to demonstrate the possibil- thin. Besides beautifying the hairity of breeding the animals and birds Danderine dissolves every particlein captivity, which has been done or dandruff; cleanses, purifies and inelsewhere successfully. From the vigorates the scalp, forever stoppingstock bred in the enclosure it will be itching and falling hair hnt whntpossible to assist in re-stockmg theState with native game, one of theobject toward which the commissionis working.The committee decided to havethe enclosures located and to securewin piease you most will be after afew weeks' use, when you see newhair fine and downy at first yesbut really new hair growing all overthe scalp. If you care for nrettv.soft hair, and lots q it, surely get aestimates of the cost. The Board of 25-cent bottlo nf "KrnaftvUnTi'c Tionflar.Agriculture and the Game and Fish ine fronuany drug store or toiletDepartment will share, the expense, counter and just try it. x (adv) --f3sr t-;J-.j.jiuli iLjii;jiwjiaLTi3viTvi.itiTjnii.jujiJ.mvM6&ifeWMMtafai