THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,1 -VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 19f3VERLAif"-Asked By Col. Stuart. Represent'ing Company That Contentplates Entering Paris."WE KNOW HOW"ii1913x$? r jsf-3Kkflf lWLGMCK'r","99"",- """"j"IUriIHik,'IN.?AM..COMPLETELY EQUIPPED$9S5.00SBelf Starter Central Control-30 Horsepower 110-in. Wheel Base-Passinger Tour- Tiniken Bearingsing Car " Prestolite TankReiuy Magneto Clear Vision WindWarner Speedeomter ShieldMohair Top and Boot All Bright PartsTires 32x3 4 O. D. Nickel PlatedDEMONSTRATIONS SOLICITEDML J- LAViNOistri&utor For Bourbon CountyEighth and IV! airs Streets, Paris, Kentucky9Wy-rThe RemembrancenFTHF v V$ r v. f r i wna irv or i ionnf? wy "v wW f:an yivo ra -SVf f AH rm?iSin Wf --- -- , - -tlorsg arter the prece ts forgotten.i MW ! . u --. w.1 .1 X.VMft i17-lbs. Suar $ 1 .OO3-lb. Can Standard Tomatoes, per can .10 (Jl 2 Cans of Good Corn ". .15 $& Or one Pozen Cans for t SO 'am Sun Dried Annies, per lb 07 4)2-lb. Can of Asparagus 15 :k3-lb. Can of Asparagus 20$S Northern Potatoes, per peck 20 W"J& The Best Coal Oil, per gallon 20 Mjf& WI T'f! I FIMIHAIM IUs Mm, U. LLI 1KIII 1. W. Wft Lash Urocerv. Wl Both Phones 234 $.That there is a direct movementtoward the extending ot natuial gasmains into this city and that residentsot Paris will soon be supplied withnatural gas was evidenced at the meetring of the city council last night atwhich Col. Thos. Stewart, representing the Central Kentucky Natural GasCo . presented a franchise to the citv, fathers asking that it be granted, thatHa company may with the coming ofspring begin the extension of the pipelines.The members of the Council werevery enthusiastic over the proposedmovement of the company, and it wasthe unanimous opinion of the body thatthe franchise should be granted. Theonly provision made by Col. Stewartwas that the council exempt the company from taxation for a period of fiveyears. This matter, however, retarded the granting of the franchiseowing to the fact that there was somequestion as to whether the council hadthe legal right to grant this request.The matter was referred to the cityattorney and the finance committee,who are to meet with Col. Stewartand discuss the matter. A report willbe made at the next meeting of thecouncil. -The franchise as presented by Col.Stewart is exhaustive. It is for aperiod of twenty years, and the minimum rate is fixed at 35 cents whilethe maximum rate will be fifty centswith a rebate off for prompt settlement of accounts.The franchise also provides thatwork is to begin on laying the pipelines into this city within four monthsafter it is granted by the city counciland to be completed within tenmonths timp.City Attorney McMillan, on behalfof the council stated there was no opposition to granting the franchise butas there was a question as to whetherthe budy had a legal right to exemptthe company from taxation before thefranchise was sold, was a point of lawwith which he ws5 not familiar, butafter the granting and sale of thefranchise the city council would havethe power to take such action.Col. Stewart expressed himself ashighly pleased with the interest shownby the members of the body, and onbehalf ot the company stated therewould.be no needless delays in thework, but they asked for ample timein which to complete the pipe linesand install necessary machinery, andthat the period ot time asked for wasin excess of that required for the workbut the company took this precautionto avoid any possibility of contentionin the event of unavoidable delays.Several members of the councilawereof the opinion that the time specifiedin the franchise to begin work andhave the lines completed'was entirelytoo long, but heartily agreed with Col.Stewart after the case had been placedbefore them.The matter will come ud again atthe next meeting of the council atwhich time it is expected the franchisewill be grante.i, and advertised forsale.jirW&n'"-W(Bit? ii.sdii'JSr JSi XA-i'---Af yii se. -2)g. y-q j!. .? y; p-? "jtParcel PostWe Will Prepay Charges on AnyPackage Within 150IVliEes of Paris.mmmmkin77!m!CV&fsWmmWfemmMake use of the telephone and the new Parcels Post department and enjoy the same advantages as those living in town. The new department assures a speedy delivery.Call for No, 282 over the East Tennessee telephone for anything in our line and we will mail itby Parcels Post on the same day, so that you willreceive it the next morning, free of all charges.Remember this rule has been adopted by us tosave our customers time. Take advantage of itand save yourself the trouble of coming to town. 'MMAll parcels within the weight limit mailed Abso- lplutely Free. &wmWmkiZ7WMfimmprige & 60. ciotniersand FurnishersM0 iH. vi 1SK -VX.aaK2W53rlKWKaregkgNKgji$WmiiW'w:&;maRafeVA'A .V.VV- VV&.MVt .V '7;!3K!i3!;5SSaCSm lYJKU w--r-- . y-ow-- .v-.-.- , wt,vm.wj-.XmmemamlmmWe Wish to ThankOur FriendsFor Their Very Liberal Patronageand Wish. Them All a Happyand ProsperousNew Yearv.--?1lV"iMitcheOutfitters to IVSenBlakemore,Paris, Kentucky' . fsKHF4i Wfi'w.2F EiKEiiniMiiriiiiiJjiiiiixrrrrr iiiuuiiiiiiiiiiiifiiiiiifiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriuiiinniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiuMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiisFRANK & COS IRailroads Victorious.Every demand made by the four bigrailroads, the Louisville and Nashville,Illinois Central, Queen and Crescentand Chesapeake and Ohio, relating tothe assessment for their tangible property for this year was granted to themWednesday by the majority vote of theRailroad Commission. The majoritycomprised W. F. Klatr, of Lexington,Democrat, and Green Garnett, of WinChester, Republican. An increase of100 per cent in the assessment of thetangible property ot the railroads wascontended for by Lawrence Finn, ofFranklin, Democrat, Chairman of theBoard.Two written opinions were' filed withthe commission. The opinion concurred to by Klair and Garnett can besummed up in this sentence from theiropinion :"The assessment made by this commission which is the same assessmentof the tangible property as last year,is justified, by the evidence before thecommission, and there is now beforethis commission no competent evidenceto base a greater valuation.?B Er.ttrActress Sues for DivorceA dispatch from New York to theLouisvihe Courier-Journal Wednesdaywas as follows:;"Two arts and two temperamentsmide just four sources of dissension inthe romance of John Fox, Jr., andFritzi Scheff, and after four years ofmore or less happiness the couple hasasked the courts to cut loose the bondsthat were so heavy upon them."The report that the writer and hiswife had separated was first heard lastfall. It was immediately denied, " butit seems the denial was inspired by adesire to have the divorce proceedingsconducted without publicity, for notlonR after gossip first became busywith their affairs the formal actionwas brought by Mrs. Fox. It; wassent to reference by the SupremeCourt Justice before whom applicationwas madp, but no record was'made ofthe order.'"Fritiz Scheff was in Davenport,Iowa, last night, and John Fox is also.out of the city. The couDle were received everywhere and entertainedgenerously both in this country andabroad. They seemed so much in lovewith each otherjthat the news fof theirdisagreement occasioned real surprise. 'BIGGLEARANCSALEBegins Saturday,d'S9 EvZ BJanuary 11Big Bargains For You,Don't Miss This SaleFRANK fc1 CmiiiMiuiiiinmmmnjaBrr Hi-t&iWMWM(mmvwhE9mmmtoMmimmMttMWMMMMMmMMW.It$IIlL B0URB0Io!eWMARIHcENto8chtvVv -jM. Asc AYour Fall ShoesAre Mere.They are new, seasonable and rea--j sonable. The assortment is made upof the best styles of the world's best"Shoe makers The scope is so broadid the size ranges so complete youwill find your size in any make youdesireWe have also a full line of Misses',Children's and Boys' School Shoes inGunMetal, Patents and Tans.GEO. McWILLIAMS,LIPhones 301BourbonDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetfaIfaBourbonfaIfa faiMiyyfa ak&BffimH&afa HP'Paris Kentucky.rAgricultural Bankof Paris.We wish to thank ourfriends and patrons forthe liberal patronage extended to us during thepast year, and wish thema happy and prosperousNew Year.We offer every convenience to ourDepositors.3 per cent, interest paid onTime DepositsW Agricultural:'flrs4- zvrt-i 'IThe Shoe ManJLaundrySBfafafaWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous foi- fine work and itdever goes brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we warit as we like toappreciatesS(isfa(USLaundry,tfaIiiiiBank of ParisHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on crandidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.Mothers.There is in Kansas City a twentyyear old boy bandit under arrest. Hehas confessed his pait in holding upand killing a saloon'man, and he willprobahlv be sentenced to the penitentiary. But there is a frail Ittle. womanwho has come all the way from LosAngeles, who can't believe the bosdid anything of the sort. She madethe long journey in order to do whatshe'couldjn his behalf though thatwill probably be ineffectual.You .have, of course, gueesed exactlyright. She is his mother."I would gladly go and serve hissentence," she told the chief of police,when she appealed J;o him. "He is soyoung and bright and good. Therenever was a week passed but that I received letters from Jimmy; sometimeshe would send me flowers and he wouldalways send a nice little verse along."3 Tnat a young man who does; thesethoughtful things should be guilty ofmurder and robbery is absurd. Askany mother of 'any son no matter, howworthless the world may count himand see if this little mother is notright.Stay On the Farm,That the farmerlhimself must solvethe problem of making farm life attractive enough to keep his sons anddaughters frotn seeking the" excitementof cityjlife is the conclusion to bedrawn from a late'bulletin issued bythe Secretary of Agriculture. Thefigures in this report show that theproportion of persons employed onfarms or in other agricultural pursuitshas beenslowly dwindling from 83.1per 'cent in 1820 to 77.5 in 1840, andthus down the line until in 1900 only35.3 per cent, or about one'third of thepersons having gainful occupationsare employed Un farming. In sharpdistinction to this decrease of 47.8 percent in agricultural pursuits, the number of persons engaged in other linesof work has increased from 2,067,957to 10.249 651 oe five times the numberemployed in 1820.In the only cases where farm workhas been held in high favor and wherewages.have kept on increasing, it issaid that farming of the intensivespirit has been carried on, showingthat skill in farming not only increasesthe output, '.but affords laborers a better chance of improving their financialcondition.In seeking to increase their efficiency, the report states that farmerscannot hope to attract many peoplefrom the cities. On the other hand,there would be no need for this ifI farmers would take pains to make lifeat home interesting for their sonsand daughters. Keeping the farmpopulation content at home is a muchbettersolution of the problem thantrying to secure city men and womento'fill the ranidly depleting ranks offarm laborers of both sexes.In other words a stay on the farmcampaign would prove more effectivethan a back to the farm movement.Unconscious Vulgarity.You can be as vulgar as you like, solong as you know that you are beingvulgar; it is when you are vulgar without knowing it that you are sociallylost. "Adam's Orchard," by SarahGrand.Sympathetic Judge.A middle aged woman, who wascharged at Marylebone (Eng.) withbeing drunk, was said to have beenfound lying fast asleep in a garden ona quantity of cut flowers. "I must sayI feel a little sorry for you," said Mr.Plowden. "Asleep on a bed of flowerswakened up and brought backto this wicked world. It must havecaused you a shock. You may gowith a caution."HIGHEST7 SCHOOL IN STATEOld Stone Institution in Massachusetts Was Attended by ManySucessful Men.Peru, Mass. On the round-aboutroad from Cummington to Peru, Mass.,the traveler passes an old stoneschoolhouse built in the early part ofthe eighteenth century which is notedas the place where some of the mostcelebrated of Berkshire's famous mengained their education. This is thehighest schoolhouse in the state ofOld Massachusetts Schoolhouse.Massachusetts, as it is built on landwhich is 2,200 feet above sea level.Close by there is a natural watershedwhere the water, when it rains, goeson one side into the Housatonic andon the other into the Connecticut rivers. It is the Bay state divide.GIRL SAYS TO HIT MASHERMargaret Gormeiy, Seventeen YearsOld, Tells How She Routed ManWith Her Fists.Chicago. "When a masher speaks toyou, hit him in the eye and kick himon the shins. Then he will run.This is the advice offered by seventeen-year-oldMargaret Gormeiy, 2746North Fortieth avenue, who provedthat she had a "punch" in each fistand a football player's kick, when sheovercame a man who attacked her.Miss Gormeiy, who is a slender,pretty brunette, was returning alonefrom the theater when a strange manspoke to her.He was large and powerful, weighing more than 170 pounds. The girlcame scarcely to his shoulder. Sheweighs about 105 pounds.She ignored him and quickened hersteps. The man followed and put hisarms about her."Then I landed on him," MissGormeiy said in telling her story ofthe attack. "I jerked my right armfree and punched him on the nose,in the eye anywhere I could hit him.I also kicked him."He soon had enough and ran. Iran after him and chased him morethan a block, screaming as loudly asI could."But Miss Gormeiy did not screambecause she was afraid. She onlywanted somebody to stop the masherand have him arrested."He didn't frighten me," she said,"even though he was twice as big as Iam. If he hadn't been so big I'd haveknocked him down and stamped onhim. As it is, I believe I did a pretty fair job."WOMAN'S HEIRS SEEK CASHFile Suit in Kansas for $325,000,Claiming Fortune Was TakenWithout Right.Kansas City. Sixteen heirs of Mrs.Jane Perkins, who died in Unicoicounty, Tennessee, 35 years ago,brought suit in the circuit court hereto get possession of the $325,000 estate of Nathaniel P. Simpson, a reclause who died here last December.The petition asserts that Mrs. Perkins, by thrift, accumulated $118,000 inCentral City, Colo., where she kept aboarding house for miners, and hadthe privilege of gathering waste goldfrom the slush boxes at the mines.Nathaniel P. Simpson, a miner, boarded at her home and became her business manager. In 1873, accompaniedby Simpson, Mrs. Perkins moved toTennessee.Simpson had induced her to investher money in securities, and when shedied, the petition states, he left there,taking all the valuable papers withhim, and for more than 30 years Mrs.Perkins' heirs were unable to locatehim. "When they read in the papersof the death or Nathaniel P. Simpsonhere, they began an investigation andnow claim he was the same man thatacted as Mrs. Perkins' manager.Simpson's son, Henry C. Simpsonof Lincoln Center, Kan., is made defendant in the suit.BIG PRICES FOR PICTURESPaintings From Rouart's CollectionsBring More Than Expectedby Experts?-,,Paris. The first day's sale of thecollection of the late Henri Rouart,consisting of modern paintings, realized a total of -$352,799. The biddingwas spirited throughout, and in manycases the works fetched more thandouble the valuation set by experts.The best price of the sale was $46,200for a Corot. Twenty-two other Corotssold at prices ranging from $2,650 to$24,500. Manet's "bust of a woman,undraped," valued at $10,000, brought$21,340.Says Spouse Tickled Her Feet.New York. "He tickled my feet atnight and kissed the picture of a former sweetheart right before myeyes," complained Mrs. GertrudeDraught, three months a bride, whenshe got a warrant for her husband's' arrest on a desertion charge.HOT FLASHES.Vt'omen in middle age often complain of hot flashes. They are at that stageof life when their delicate organism needs a tonic end helping-hand which only Dr.Pierce's Favorite Prescription can give them. Many women suffer needlessly fromgirlhood to womanhood and from motherhood to old age with backache, dizziness or headache. A woman often becomes sleepless, nervous, " broken-down,"Irritable and feels tired from morning to night. "When pains and aches reek the,womanly system at frequent intervals, azh your neighbor aboutoctor PHorcss Favorite PrescriptionUks. J. Ianicr, of S21 S. Be talon Street, Baltimore, Tid., says: "Iwrote you about nine months ccro, teKins you of my condition. I have afine baby girl she -weighed nine poinds when bom. She is my third childand the strongest of them all. Uy cufferins -.wis only for two hours. Itook several bottles of 'Favorite Prescription ' and one of Br. Pierce'sSmart-Weed. I never had a well day before I took your medicines. I wassurprised how veil I felt couU cat vas always hungry,and never, had asick stomach. The nurse vho vas vith me said the medicine vas vonderf ul because I got along so nicely after having had so much trouble before.She intends to recommend it to all her suffering patients. Everybody isastonished at me because I only weighed 102 pounds before and now Iveigh 1C3. I have had several ladiec come to ma and ask about Dr. Pierce'smedicine. I am willing to recommend it to all who suffer and want help.If any want information I will be glad to give it to them.""U NeedbusinessFORDocbon & DentonC&sSSCxXi&gscCS&sSgS&SsASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works forhim. He will reply:1. Sells MyJProducts 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.rumberland Telephone and TelegraphjCompanyIncorporatedTwin Bios. Depanmeni stoie,Corner Seventh and Main Sts.Everything at Special Low Prices for ;the Holiday Buyer.Ladies' and Children's Cloaks,Suits, Skirts, Furs, Millinery,Toys, Dolls, Pictures and Frames, Toilet Sets,Handkerchiefs, Purses, Umbrellas, Scarfs,And Thousands of Useful Presents.Call In and See Us.Relic of Interest to Scotsmen.A razor which belonged to "Bobbie" Burns was sold in London theother day. It had a bone handle bearing silver plates giving its pedigree"The last razor that Robert Burnsever shaved with." Each successiveowner since it was presented by Robert Burns, Jr., to William Dunbar, in1839, has dded a plate indicating thepurchase.Purple Patches.It's always a pity when a mandoesn't get married. He can't helpslipping into queer ways with nobodyto tell him how silly he is. There isno one whom you so really learn todislike as a person you have injured."The Browns," by J. B. Buchrose.if!Mbs. laiHOP & Child.. 1it in YourSALE BYWaists, Sweaters, Shoes, Etc." :Sensitive Plant Life.The craving of plants and trees forwater has sometimes led them to terrible extremes. A poplar ha3 been,known to burrow beneath a wall, under a road, and down a well all insearch of water, and a pertinaciousturnip which got the tip of Its rootinto the crack in a field drain wenton and on until it was six feet longin the drain. So sensitive is the tipof the root on the water question thatDarwin declared it must have a brainin itGood Household Cleaner.Vinegar is an excellent cleanser fornickel and mica and for brass if &;lit-"tie salt be added to It1 j-34,i 02i,vMkj ." "" ' I ! I - - - ...-- "'"' ' """JsimtrsTHL BOURBON NEWS, PRIS, KENTUCKY, JANUARY 10, 1913.SWfr:nI t)tMANew Fall Suits Arriving-Daily -lN-fe''- "JSCBLOSS tllOS 6 CO ' v ,y$$r'&?? fi CUUe Hikers I, v.SchEoss Bros., 8c Co.,BaEtifnore, iVfd.,Hand Made SuitsAre Here DirectFrom The TailorsHands. . .We are showing the new Plum,Carnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, $15 to $25.All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at. . . .$10, $12.50 and $15.Our Fall Line of Haws VonGol Hats Douglass Shoes andTiwn Bros., Special Shoes are. arriving daily. r Ifef The showing we are makingfor Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices are morereasonable than elsewhere.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. WoIIstein,Proprietor.L. Sc N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT DECEMBER 8, 1912No.341342971040373123326259138385393083231Trains jkj?ri"reFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5 21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 4.15amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Dsily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily . 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.33 pmKnoxville. Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.40 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.55 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.5o amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains ZDe-peirtNo. TO84 Cincinnati. 0., Daily 54 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8,137 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9,37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 933 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10,133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 106 Maysville, K., Daily 12.26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12,25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except faunday 3,38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3939328303113Rowland, Kv., Daily Except Sunday 5.Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 6,Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6,Lexington, K., Daily 10,Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10,,28 am,35 am.47 am,20 an:.20 am.57 am.55 am.24 am.27 am,05 pm.04 am,34 pmAq pm.52 pm.07 pm,10 pm.15 pm.25 pm.57 pm.55 pmIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911..Trains Arrive'No. . FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pmTrains IDepeirtSo. TO7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunday 5.55 pmThe Love Letters of aConfederate GeneraWE begin in the November issue a seriesof real love-letters written over fiftyyears ago by one of our nationalheroes to his sweetheart during the period of'6 1 to '65. Thfs great general will go down toposterity as having accomplished one of theroost brilliant feats of arms in the history ofthe world. He was as great a lover as he wasa general, therefore these letters combine authentic history and exquisite romance. Theysound a human note that no other work of.literature has done in a decade; it is war, it is romance, it is history, it 13literature. You simply can't afford to miss this wonderful series an insidestory of the Civil War now published for the first time and containing allKthe freshness ot a contemporary Happening. 1 hese letters will grip you nard,and hold vour interest from first to I?st. Fill out the coupon and send itN. nnw hpfore vou forget it...w.. w j a-- j.Vwin nnrrrar- 1 111 . i ,V -v -Pictorial ReviewThe VPiclerial vReview Ce.222Wt39iiSt.New York Cky X 15 Cents a CopyNEnclosed please VI find 25c for whichName..... THE PICTORIAL REVIEW CO.9 VAddressolease send me P.R. forNov., Dec. and Jan.One Dollar z. Year$10,000 in Cash Prizesand Liberal Commissions to car Agents,Ask for Particulars222 West 39th St., New York CityHow's This?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.We, the undersigned, have knownP. J. Cheney tor the last 15 vears, andbelieve him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and financiallyable to carry out any obligations madedv tne hrm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE.t Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75 centsper bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.iftyr j&Jig?gfr,) gp.is-. Wj?ff1?j:'s?SwjrZProbably What He Wanted.The following was one of King Edward's favorites: "A very well-knownK. C. sent to an eminent physician andsurgeon, who is a familiar figure InPortland place, the following wire:'My wife's mother is lying at death'sdoor. Will you come around and tryto pull her through?'" It is a true"true story," as Miss Mar declares,and the physician did pull her throughto health.Insect Bite Costs Leg.'A Boston man lost his leg f from thebite of an insect two years before.To avert such calamities from stingsand;bits of insects use Bucklen's Arnica Salve promptly to kill the poisonand prevent inflammation, swellingand pain. Heals burns, boils, 'ulcers,piles, eczema, cuts, bruises. Only 25cents at Oberdorfer's.Woman Given High Position.In Switzerland a woman has beenappointed to the chief inspectorshipof factories, a coveted position hitherto held only by men. This appointment is the outcome of a special commission which met to inquire into factory conditions of the various cantons. Owing to the great increase ofwomen in industrial life the desirability of a woman as chief inspector wasunanimously agreed upon by the commission.Here is a remedy that will cure yourcold. Why waste time and money experimenting when you can get a preparation that has won a world wide reputation by its cures of this disease andcan always be depended upon. It isknon everywhere as Chamberlain'sCough Kemedy, and is a medicine ofreal merit. For sale by all dealers.Common Affliction. ' ""A country officer-elect, inflated byfavorable editorials during the campaign, is getting so unbearably swellheaded that his friends talk of thepaddle cure. Emporia Gazette.If your children are subject to1 attacks of croup, watch for the firstsvmptom, hoarseness. Give Chamberlain's Cough Remedy as soon as thechild becomes hoarse and the attackmay be warded off. For sale by alldea'ers.Back to Eden."Dress does more harm than saloons," says a Chicago editor. Arewe to have an anti-clothing league?Cleveland Plain Dealer.When you want a reliable medicinefor cough or cold take Chamberlain'sCough Remedy. It can always be depended upon and is pleasant and safeto take. For sale by all dealers, rrr:I : FERNDERStfCjgglrjO'?--Wtdo 7AodiCsYou WBJM,ku11it JCK siFi V hWS . XTi&J&'StStiJZLAqI me CheapestFlanders "20" Roadster, $750Don't be alarmed if somebody tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the $750 Studebaker-FIanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-FIanders "20" is a marvel a high grade modern carat a low price. If you pay less you buy much less. And the cheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that rans today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-FIanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.We can prove it Sendfcr new catalogueT:iieP-SCit ml j. Ervts. H -i v V94Q tl w3tfn iv Xnwa iffwRMktLULUJ&UaJSXZiL VUi UU1 ZU.J1XDs,Mich.Fcnrbon Garage & Supply Company.?&- t n sm"-1 i Vii) iif tj -i mE-M-F !' ! lI 5R iOl .m ' - . UU mrniawiw i ThX' Bt I l:v h1'I" A 7C. M. CLAY, PresidentED. BURKE, Vice-PresidentJNO. T.fJCOLLINS, Sec'y-TreasS. K. Nichols, General ManagerDIRECTORSC. M. Clay, H. S. Caywood,Jno. T. Collins, R. M. Jacoby,W. C. Dodson, Lee Stephenson,Ed'Burke,W. M. RogersS. K. Nichols1Children Feel Inquisitive.In the little world in which children have their existence, whatsoeverbrings them up, there is nothing sofinely perceived and so finely felt asinjustice. Charles Dickens.The Choice of a Husband.Is too important a matter for a woman to be handicapped by weakness,bad blood or foul breath. Avoid thesekill-hopes by taking Dr. King's NewLife Pills. New strength, fine complexion, pure breath, cheerful spiritsthings that win men follow theiruse. Easy, safe, sure. 25c at Oberdorfer's.Look That Gives Joy.Gold and silver may supply us withthe necessaries of life, with food anddrink, clothes and houses; but theycannot give the joy of a kind look.Lord Avebury.Mrs. A. R. Tabor, of Crider, Mo.,had been troubled with sick headachefor about five years, when she begantaking. Chamberlain's Tablets. Shehas taken two bottles of them andthey have cured her. Sick headache iscaused by a disordered stomach forwhich these tablets are especially intended. Try them, get well and staywell. Sold by all dealers.Few Weather Facts.California has the least number ofthunder storms, and Alabama andFlorida have the greatest number.Florida has the most even temperature.What Makes a Woman?One hundred and twenty pound",more or less, ofjbone and muscle don'tmake a woman. It's a good foundation. Put into it health and strengthand she may rule a kingdom. Butthat's justjwhat Electric Bitters giveher. Thousands bless them for overcoming fainting and .dizzy spells andfor dispelling weakness, nervousness,backache and tired, listless, worn outfeeling. "Electric Bitters have doneme a world of good," writes ElizaPool, Depew. Okla., "and I thank youwith all my heart for making such agood medicine." Only 50c. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Bourbon TobaccoWarehouse Co.IncorporatedSALES TUESDAYS, THURSDAYS and SATURDAYS.We have buyers for the American Tobacco Co., theJR. J. Reynolds Co., Liggett & Myers,the Lorillard Co.. besides various independent and local buyers.We have an abundance of wagon room and free stabling of horses. Bring us yourtobacco; we guarantee you a square deal.Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company II Fans, Kentucky" -.New Street Car Schedule.SCHEDULE OP THE PARIS CITYCAR IN EFFECT OCT. 1, 1912.LeaveCourfc House6778899101011:11121122334456:45 a. m.:15 a. m.:4o a. m..XO &. 111..:45 a. m.:15 a. m.:45 a. m.:15 a. m.:45 a. m.:15 a. m.:45 a. m.:05 p. m.:15 p. m.:45 p. m.:15 p. m.:45 p. m.:15 p. m.:45 p. m.:15 p. m.:45 p. m.:15 p. m.:00 p. m.LeaveStation No 557:00 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:00 a. m.8:30 a. m.9:00 a. m.9:30 a. m.10.00 a. m.10:30 a. m.11 :00 a. m.11:30 a. m.11 :55 a. m.12:20 p.m.1:30 p.m.2:00 p.m.2:30 p.m.3:00 p. m.3:30 p.m.4:00 p.m.4:30 p. m.5:00 p.m.5:30 p. m.6 :15 p. m.Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AilHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pat-ronageJSoIicited.Professional CardsJ J. WELIiTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,-PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones jlE. T. 334.Home 334.ResidenceDR. A. H" KELIiEK,Practicing Physician, ,.Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk'sBId-g -Paris' Kentucky-VTTrtTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNW, KY., JANUARY 10, 1913( Closed Seasons AdvisedClosed seasons for a number of year jand a restocking of Kentucky streamsand forests with different kinds ofgame fish, deer, turkeys, quail andpheasants were advocated by J. Q.wrri nMof evPiMii.itrp nrrpnt nf the iV' i wCflft,i..L. t2ma Cnmmicainn ?n nn iirf. idrPRR hefore ihelKentuckv State Fishjmd Game Protective Association at ameeting held in Louisville Monday evening. Within a comparatively shorttime, Mr. Ward asserted, such a coursewill add $100,000 to the value of theCommonwealth's game food supply.In supnort of his statement Mr.Ward cited the situationjn Massachusetts where a similar policy was putinto effect a lew years ago, and saidihat last year 25,000 deer were takenand that even greater results mightbe easilv realized in Kentucky withmuch greater natural advantages forthe propagation of wild life and a lessdense population. In this connectionbe called attention to the.results underthe present laws which enabled theagents employed by the commissionrecently to explore the Green. Cumberland and other" rivers to capture anddestroy 1.000 or more unlawfully usednets, traps and other prohibited , devices for the destruction of game andsaid that even more rigid laws werenecessary.In order that justice can be morespeedily administered to offenders Mr.Ward advised lower fines for violations of the law. limited bags in ceriin elates of game and better genlations covering not only" insectivorous and song. jay and other mem: family he characteri of the others andermination.j0,000 quail were ship-.e State last season, and-nis toothsome fowl belongspeople of the State, only a few-ii reaped the benefits," said Mr.tYard. "Thev were sold in Baltimore,Philadelnhia. New York. Chicago,l I Washing'ton, and other places at twentyH nontc aanh nnH nil nf fhis enrichmentwent to a few, while the covies thatswell our sportsmanship have been depleted. 'The Federal Government is investigating and will bring to time the purchasers, I am sure, and.'prove by theirway bills and records that perhaps100.000 is not a fourth of what actually was taken from this Commonwealth. We want more quail and havewritten to Texas, Oklahoma and Georgia, the principal quail states, askingif we may purchase them for restocking nutposes. Thus we are trying tobuy what was taken from us unlafully." Heavy Rains. Delay Traffic.Landslides, caused by heavy rains,along the line of the Louisville andNashville railroad, caused one of themost seroius delays iin traffic the railroad company has experienced in manyyears, and as a result practically allfreight traffic Tuesday from the southwas tied up. JSS&No freight traffic for tha north endof the division was received here untilWednesday, owing to the mostdestruc' five landslides in the mountainous districts. One of the worst landslides inthe history ofthe road occurred a tewrailessouth of Livingstonthat will require a number of days to clear.Small slides on the north end of "thedivision, between this city and Cincinnati, are frequent and have causeda number of minor delays. For thefear of continued disasters, ihe newtracks that have been completed onthe north end have been abandoned forthe present and the old tracks are nowbeing used.Passenger service between Cincinnati and the South has been impaired.All trains are running behind schedule time.Cincinnati Automobile Show.With the plans for decorations adopted, space allotted, and the list of exhibitors announced, arrangements forthe pleasure vehicles part of the coming automobile show of the CincinnatiDealers' Association are all but completed. Within another week everylittle detail will have been attendedto. The exhibition will open on February 24 and run to March 5. Thelast three days will be devoted totrucks. Nearly every inch of spacehas been spoken for. During the firstweek 36 companies will display thediffeient makes of machines. Nearlyevery type of car will be shown Special machines will arrive from thefactories to enhance the exhibits ofthe agents. The dealers believe ingetting everything in shape as earlyas possble in order to avoid any rushat the last moment. They have profited by experience in the show of thepat and there is every reason to believe that the coming exhibition willbe conducted in a thorough businessmanner.As Was Shown.Mrs. Jimlee "One thing I do is toteach my children etiquet-te.' Mrs.Knox "Yes; your Jimmy just hit myWaldo very politely with a club."Base Ball Notes.President Neal, of the Blue GrassLeague. Tuesday night asked President Herrmann, of the Cincinnatiteam, for the privilege of putting aBlue Grass League team into Covington. The Cincinnati President took- the matter under consideration.Roy Golden, formerly star twirleron the Richmond team in the BlueGrass League, who was suspended lastvear when he failed to report to theSt. Paul American Association club,has returned to the St. Louis Nationals and.will leave with Huggins' pitching artists for Columbus Ga., fortraining.President August Herrmann, of theCincinnati Base Ball Club, Wednesdayrefused the request of a committeefrom the'Blue Grass League to be allowed to nut a team into Covington.Hr. Herrmann gave no other reasonforhis refusal than the rule of organSzed'base ball forbidding a team ; operated within five miles or anotherleague team. The Blue Grass Leaguecommittee will see the Covington rerchants and get them to use their influence with Mr. Hermann in getting himto reverse his decision.MATRIMONIAL.ADAMb-BOHN.The home of Mr. and Mrs. SamuelFarris, on Parrish avenuein Henryuivision, was tne scene or a pretty. ,i iiwedding Wednesday afternoon at 4o'clock, when Mrs. NettieF. Adamsbecame the bride of Mr. NicholasBohn. The ceremony was performedby Rev. E. M. Lightfoot in his usualimpressive manner.The bride is a sister of Mr. Farris! and the bridegroom is an employe ofthe W. S. Hume distillery at SilverCreek, Ky.After the ceremony the guestswere se vad with delightful refreshments and Mr. and Mrs. Bohn departedfor their home at Silver Creek withthe best wishes of i,many friends fortheir happiness and prosperity.TATE-KREIGEL.- The marriage of Miss Ida BelleTate and ;Mr. Henry H. Kreigel, ofShawhan, was celebrated Wednesdayevening at the residence of the officiating minister,JRev. Mark Collis, inLexington. Tne hrppy couplewere accompanied to Lexington byMiss Bessie Talbott and Mr. WalterTate, a brother of the bride.The bride is the accomplished and attractive daughter of Mr. J. T. Tate,ot Shawhan, while the bridegroom isa prominent merchant of the sameplace.Immediately after the ceremonyMr. and Mrs. Kreigel left for an extended trip through the South. Theywill be at home to their friends inShawhan after April 1.HULL-WEBB.Miss Bettie Hull, of Flemingcounty, and Mr. John Webb, of Paris,were united in marriaee Tuesday afternoon at the residence of the officiatingminister, Rev. W. E. Ellis, on Twelfthstreet.The bride is the daughter of Mr. andMrs. Mose Hull, of Fleming county,and is an attractive young woman.She had been .visiting relatives in thiscity the past week. rMr. Webb is an employe of theBourbon Home Telephone Co., in tniscity, and is an industrious and deserving young!man. Hefis a son of Mr.and Mrs. JamesJWebb, who reside onthe Ford's Mill pike near this city.The couple have gone to housekeeping at their home on West Eighthstreet.For Tarpaulins, sec J. J. Ellisat Cook's Grocery. T-ttTHEATRICAL."THE SERVANT IN THE HOUSE."During the run of "The Servantin the House" in Chicago, the ChicagoRecord-Herald published an editorialunder the caption "Things WorthWhile," in which the writer made thefollowing reference to Chas. RamiKennedy's famous play:"We cannot closo these remarks on'Things Worth While" without reference to that play which is supremelyworth while, 'The Servant in theHouse,' now in its final fortnight atPowers Theatre. An extract from anold clergyman of the Presbyterianchurch, whose name we are not permitted to disclose, will indicate howmuch Mr. Kennedy's dramameans topeople. gJT" 'I have been a minister in thePresbyterian church for more than 49years, and have gone to the theatrebut few times in my life. 1 confess Ihave been greatly disgusted with thestage as represented in the newspapers. I read the Record-Herald'sreview of the play, 'The Servant inthe House,' and thought they werequite extravagant. I read the bookand my daughter persuaded me to gosee the play. I did not suppose that aman of my age could go through sucha powerful emotional experience." 'When a student of theology inUnion Seminary, New York, I hadtickets to the Philharmonic concerts.I had never heard much great musicand when I heard Parena Rosa sing thegreat soloa in 'The Messiah' wasaffected for days and was completelycarried out of myself. About thesame'time heard Henry Ward Beecherinhis glorious prime preach, and hada somewhat similar experience. I donot recall anything like these experiences until I heard 'The Servant in theHouse.' The powerful picture of theDrain-Man haunts me still. I couldnot but endorse his sending the oldbishop to 'hell.' If the stage can present such plays it will be worthy ofthe name 'school for morals.' I fear,however, this play is a very rare exception. Pardon me for pouring outmyself in a few minutes under theinfluence of -this wonderful performance.' ""The Servant in the House" willbe the offering at the Paris Grand onJanuary 27 and will be presented bythe greatest company of players eversent out of New York, the name partbeing taken by Victor E. Lambert.The ' original New York productionwill be used.FalkFischer Concert.Under the auspices of the EpworthLeague of the Methodist church Mr.Eucene Falk, the eminent violinist andMr. Arthur Ficher, the distinguishedpianist, will give a recital at the HighSchool Auditorium on Thursday nightJanuary 16.In May, 1912, Falk completed a fivemonths' tour of the United States,from the Atlantic to the Pacific Coast,and a subsequent foer weeks' tour ofMexico. Of his work there were notwo opinions. Appreciation and praisewere couched in the most extravagantterms on an siaes, ana nis artistic sue-cess recorded phenomenal.Falk's reputation as a violinist ofhigh ability and rank was first established by his successful career in theprominent musical centers of the oldworld and it was the generous recognition accorded him and his art in Berlin,Vienna, Paris and London that firstcommanded the attention of musicalcircles here.Mr. Arthur Fischer, Falk's co-partneron the program, is a pianist of distinguished attainments. His tone haswarmth, it has color and every promiseto reach the realm of renown. Heplays with all the dignity, Snish andbreadth of tone one might critically demand.UNCLE SI, DIPLOMATIST1GOOD MAN'S METHOD OF DEALING WITH HARD SITUATION.Unusual Doings in Meeting House YardTurned to Financial Account byElder Who Was Not Superstitious. "Wall," said Uncle Si, as he tookhis accustomed place on the picklebarrel, "we had a high-falutin, lawnparty up tew the meetin' house atLapham's Corners last night. Therewas sure a heap of folk thar, and theway they carried on seemed to mewasn't exactly in place In the meetin'house, yard," said Uncle Si, lookingpious and thoughtful."Tell us about it," said Hiram, helping himself to another cracker fromthe open barrel near by."Wall, It was jest this a-way. Inthe fust place a party of city folkscome down from up the hill we couldBee at once that they was goin' torun things to suit themselves. If theyhadn't a-bought a lot of peanuts, icecream and lemonade, we'd have brokeup the jamboree right thar and let 'emgo home. The fust thing they donewas to start a Virginia reelin', whichI reckon is an imitation of how a person acts when he has got full of Virginia corn juice. Us country folks, wegathered around in the corners of thelawn and says nothin' at le'ast, not soas the city folks could hear. Wethought they'd gone far enough withthe Virginy trapsing, but we found wewas plum mistaken."Some female says, says she, 'Let'schase the turkey around this lawn.'Wall, there wasn't any turkey, butthere was some of the worst doin'sthat was ever seen in Lapham's Corners. I bein' the elder, the membersof the meetin' house riz up unanimousand told me I'd got to stop them fireworks. After knocking a nearby table,in order to bring silence, I spoke something like this: 'Brethern and sistern,this yer is in the meetin house yard.Such goin's on as has happened heretonight has disgraced us all, and tomake our consciences easy I shalltake all the money we've rize heretonight and raise the insurance" on themeetin' house. I ain't superstitious,but I don't believe no building couldstand to see what's went on here tonight without either burnin' up or gettin' struck by lightnin' or havin' coffeespilt on the vestry carpet. I hope youwill now all go home and come againto the next lawn party we have and beenthusiastic as ye was at this one.'"Wall," said Si, "the crowd theywent home, and I guess they wasashamed of theirselves.""Wall," said Lem Beacher, who occupied the only chair in the grocerystore, "I never did believe in them excitin' ways to make money for themeetin' house. It's much better totake up collections now and then, getalong with the old meetin' house."To that all the by sitters answered:"You're right, Lem!" and Uncle Sibought his groceries, consisting of apackage of tobacco, and went home todo the chores. Judge.Protection for Armenians.In a news letter from Jerusalem,printed in The Living Church (Milwaukee), information is given of additional massacres of Armenians in Kurdistan last summer which have hardlybeen reported in this country. In thisconnection The Living Church sayseditorially: "One feels that in thefinal settlement of questions betweenthe Turk and Christendom, this matterof protection to Armenians ought to beincluded. True, the Balkan statesthemselves can hardly claim to extend Jtheir protectorate over these persecuted Asiatic Christians. They haveno common bonds of race or even ofcommunion with Armenians as theyhave between themselves and Macedonians and Albanians. Here is onebelated thing that the powers can yetdo, before the Turk receives his cleanbill of health. Tkey are bound bytheir treaties to guarantee safety toArmenians, and these afflicted peoplehave no cousins who can arise and dofor them what the Balkan states havedone for Christians in EuropeanTurkey."Writing for Posterity.A story about George Bernard Shawcomes from London.A prominent French critic, the storyruns, once said to the playwright:" 'You are putting on a new comedyMonday night Let me attend one ofthe dress rehearsals, won't you?'" 'Impossible,' said Mr. Shaw. 'Mydress rehearsals are always private.I have to refuse even the most distinguished critics access to them.'" 'But,' said the other, 'I want towrite a careful criticism. If I have towrite it and telegraph it in a few minutes on Monday night, it "will be veryhurriedly done, and I fear that it willgive a wrong impression of yourcomedy in Paris the next day.'" 'Have no anxiety on that score,'Mr. Shaw replied. 'My comedies arenot written for the next day.' "Used Legs In Praying.An interested spectator at the Confederate unveiling and a most interesting character was Mack Stevens ofMadisonville, says the Princeton Leader. It was he who during war times wascondemned to be shot; the grave hadbeen dug on Hogan's hill and the soldiers lined up. Stevens asked for permission to pray, and it was grantedhim. Leaning on a fence he suddenlyvaulted it and made good his escape,although 15 or 20 shots were fired athim.7 :May Succeed Daingerfield.A meeting of the thoroughbred iI breeders has been called for Lexington today at which time a successor toMajor F, A. Daingerfield, a memberot the Kentucky Racing Associationwill be selected by the horsemen and 'recommended to Gov. McCreary forhis approval and appointment. IA breeder will be selected first be-1cause he is considered to be best ableto represent those who produce thor-,oughbreds generally and are more loyally devoted to the interest of thehorse than anv other, and secondly because tne jaw tnat made the commission possible provides that at leastthre members of the board must bebreeders and at present the four members are equally divided, there beingtwo breeders and two that are not.When the Commission was appointednearly all were breeder nut Col. Milton Young has since resigned and theresignation of Col. E. F. Clay, ofBourbon, was followed by the appointment of Charles F. Grainger, of Louisville. The other members of the commission Messrs. George C. Long andJohnson N. Camden are extensivebreeders.There have been a number of menprominently mentioned for the position, which include Thomas Hart Talbot, of Bourbon county. Mr. Talbot isa member of the breeding firm of Talhot Bros., being associated with hisbrother, Mr. W. G. Talbott, broughtout some of the finest thoroughbredsever produced in Bcurbon. Since racing was killed in New York the firmabandoned the turf.There is a strong following for Mr.Talbot for in addition to his fitness forthe position, Bourbon county, which,second to Fayette in producing thoroughbreds, has had no representativesince the resignation of Colonel Clay.Mr Talbot is one of the leadingbreeders of this great country JJandfrom his farm have no less than threewinners of the Kentuckv Oaks in MissHawkins, Wainamoinen and Samaria,Leaflet, winner of the Latonia Oaks,the good racer John Bright, winner ofthe Saratoga Handicap, end second inthe great American Derby at Washington Park, Chicago, and several othersof class. Mercer county has had norepresentative since the term of Cul.J. P. Chinn expired and Mr. Forsythe,from that county,, as well as all theother gentlemen named are wellequipped for, and would mae ccodmembers of the commission.New Bureau Big Success.The Louisville Times of Tuesdayevening contained the following;"J. Quinry Ward, of Paris, executive agent of the State Fish and GameCommission, was in Louisville lastnight to speak at the meeting of theKentucky Fish and Game ProtectiveAssociation'atLiberty Hall. This newState department has been a mostgratifying succpss since its creationby the last Legislature. The hunters'licenses fcr the first year aggregatedabout $35,000, and hundred of illegalcontrivances for catching fish havebeen seized and confiscated and manytraps in the streams of the Sjtate destroyed. It is very probable that thescope of the commission will be enlarged at the next session of the Legislature." .Just Coal.For Mountain Ash Jellico, ImperialCannel and Pocahontas Smokelesscoals seeSTUART & O'BRIEN,24 tf Main and Eighth streets.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfCountry Residence BurnedA frame house on the Moore farm, afew miles from this city on the Cvnthiana pike, was destroyed by fireMonday night about 12'o'clock. entaliling a loss of about $2,000.The house, which was owned byMisses Amanda and Bessie Cockrell,of Irvine, was recently purchasedfrom the heirs of the late Dr. Moore.and was occupied byMrs. Steve Houston. The fire, which is thought to haveoriginated from a defective flue, wasdiscovered about midnight and Mrs.Houston and her family narrowly escaped from the burning structure.All of the furnishings of the buildingwere destroyed. Mrs. Houston's losson her household furniture will reach$1,000. Ihe loss on the building waspartly covered by $600 insurance, carried in the R. K. McCarney agency.Brings Suit Against Eshelby Co.The Burley Tobacco Society broughtsuit Monday in the Common PleasCourt in Cincinnati against the E. O.Eshelby Tobacco Co. to recover $12,563.30. This amount the Burlev petition states is due it on a contractmade by the E. O. Eshelby Co. withthe society for a lot of tobacco. Thesociety in its petition states that inNovember, 1908,' it entered into anagreement with the Eshelby Companyfor the sale and delivery of tobacco tothe company on the terms and conditions of a contract the society says ittendered to the Eshelbv Co. four lotsof tobacco containing altogether 67hogsheads, the price of which underthe contract was the amount that isasked for in the petition. The petitionfurther alleges that the Eshelby Co.refused to carry out its part of thecontract.jBpJo b 4 2HjNEW ORLEANS and MOBILEJanuary 38"Fe!bruary 3LOW ROUND TRIP FARESTickets on Sale January 28, 29, 30, 31, February 1, 2, 3.Return Limit to reach original starting point not later than February14, with extension of limit to March 3, 1913, on payment of $1.00.FULL STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.c if.fy.ic mlt on anv Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, or apply toSc?KING, vLSiiiand licket Agent, 101 E.Alain Street, Lexicon, Ky.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESLow temperatures in California isblasting the hopes of orange and lemon growers. It was said that citru3fruit losses would be extremelyheavv. Estimates of damages runfrom $10,000,000 to $30,000,000.A barn belonging to George Joiesin Scott county, was destroyed by fireTuesday morning, together with alot of corn, hay and farming implements. Loss, $1,500; insurance, $500.The Harvester, 2:01 championtrotting stallion, is not for sale atany price, even if it is $100,000 andcomes direct from the Russian Government through a special agent sent tothis country for the exclusive purposeof buying he champion.Abnee & Mussinon. of this citv.! have made the following purchases oftibacco recentlv : From Joe Leach, ofElizabeth, 20,000 pounds at $14.75 perhundred; from J. M. Brennan, 13,000pounds at $15 per hundred and fromMr. bams, of near Centerville. 8.000pounds at $14.The State Board of Acriculturemet in Frankfort Monday and re-electedJ. L. Dent, secretary of the Stater-air L. B. ahropshire,"assistant secretary, and Edward Durbeck. bookkeeper of the State Fair Grounds.All the members were present excentDr. Joseph R. Kastle. director of thPExperiment Station ; C. J. Bassett andj. i. fcvuu iutjLer. selection or tnetime and place of holding the StateFarmers' Institute was deferred untilThursday, when a full board wouldbe prespnt.Dolan's Fifth Trial.On motion of Commonwealth's Attorney John R. Allen, in the FayetteCircuit Court Wednesday the fifth trialof Thomas F. Dolan, charged with themurder of Alderman Patrick J. Mooneytwo years ago. was continued to theApril term of court, on the groundthat RussellPeters, clerk in a hotel atElJPaso. one of the chief witnessesfor the prosecution, was not present.Examinations January 20.The News is in reciept of the following from Congressman J. C. Cantrill :"The examination for Annapolis applicants will be held in the class roomof Prof. A. L. Rhoton, of GeorgetownCollege, at 9 o'clock Monday morning,January 20. at Georgetown, Ky. Eachapplicant must be promptly on handat time and place indicated."Hung Jury in Deaton Case.Declaring themselves unahle to reacha verdict, the jury trying D. F. Deaton, at Winchester, one of the fifteenmen indicted for a conspiracy to killEd. Callahan, noted Breathitt countyfeudist, was discharged Monday afternoon. The jurors are said to hve stoodseven for acquittal and five for conviction. Deaton took the result unmoved and was released on a $20,000obnd.Emphatic Comment.It was held by the duke of Wellington that the true story of the battleof Waterloo had never been written.A contemporary relates how he oncesat in a carriage with the duke and"watched him read a ponderous quarto recital of the battle of Waterloo.Against paragraph after paragraph hetraced the letters L. or 'D. L.' with agreat blunt ended pencil. I venturedto ask what these mystic lettersmeant. The pithy reply was: " Xle"and "Damned lie," to be sure "Air Flight for Consumption.If you have incipient consumptiontake a flight in an airship. DoctorFlemming, an eminent authority ontuberculosis, lecturing before theBerlin Aeronautical association, described the benefits of high altitudesupon those afflicted, and asserted thatfifteen minutes' exposure to the sun'srays during an airship flight at Highaltitude was certain death to thebacilli of tuberculosis.Learning by Love Letter."Love letters between young menand women are an excellent methodof teaching literature," says Dr. Arthur Holmes. But it must be donetactfully. We have known a younglady who broke off an engagementbecause her fiance returned her loveletters with the spelling errors neatlycorrected in red ink.Caustic."What a lot of style the Browns areputting on!" "Yes; and what a lot ofcreditors they are putting off!" TitBits. Grandmothers' Beliefs.Nearly every grandmother believesa trained nurse is overestimated.Atchison Globe.Love.- An English publication offers aguinea for a personal proposal. Evidently the editor belongs to the bargain-huntingsex.pasROLIGESTIVITYANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR COUNTY CLERK.We are authorized to announce J.Walter Payne as a candidate for thenomination for the office of CountyClerk of Bourbon county, subject to-'the action of the Democratic primaryAugust 2, 1913.We are authorized to announce Mr.Pearce Paton as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Clerk ofBourbon county, subject to the action,of the Democratic primary August 2.1913.FOR POLICE CHIEF.We are authorized to announce W. F.Link as a candidate for Democraticnomination for Chief of Police of thecity of Paris, subject to the Democratic primary August 2.The 1913 World Almanac.Our readers'will be surprised at thevast'amount of valuable information,covering a multitude of subjects, atthe useful general.knowledge 4and theimportant new historical data contained in the 1913 edition ofThe WcrldAlmanac. Almost 1,000 pages are devoted to up to date facts and figuresof everyday interest to everybody.Here is a compact and complete .library, indispensable to every basinessman, merchant, farmer, mechanic,housewife, business woman, schoolteacher, school boy and school girl.In it you will find, also, accurateparticulars of the Panama Canal Actof 1912 and the Hay-PaunceforteIreaty, the new Pension Laws of 1912,Presidential and Primarv election returns. Polar difcovenes. Pnnnlatinnfigures. Sporting records, Marine disasters important events ot 1912, Historical events, income tax. Trusts inthe U. S death roll of 1912, Negrodisfranchisement, Forts in the U. S.,growth of the U. S. Navy, prices paidfor rare American coins. Crimes "andPenalties, Methods of Punishment forMurderers, armies and navies of theworld, banking, money, taxes, insurance, political parties, secret societies, .births, marriages and deaths, womansuffrage and 10,000 other facts and figures up to date. Price 25 cents, westof Buffalo and Pittsburg, 30 cents, bymail 35 cents. Address The New York.World,;New York.Had Kept Her Bargain.An ingenious trick was recentlyplayed on some women of Mauikjanj,Madras, India. They handed sums ofmoney to a woman who said that shepossessed the power of doubling thecontents. The victims had theirpackets returned to them after sevendays, when the silver coins they hadcontained were found to have been,changed Into copper ones.Real Trouble.The world is full of geniuses who,unfortunately, aren't willing to takethe trouble to prove it. Detroit FreePress.Hindu Charm."The God-given Almighty Power is-tmoving within me to give health, success and happiness I shall be shownthe way to help bring about all theseconditions. Love, Light and Kindnesswait upon me. T. shall De shown theway."New Art Store!I have opened an ArtStore next to Mrs. M. A.Paton. New and freshstock of all kinds offancy workEmbroidery,Pillow Cases,Towels,Underwear, . tWaists, Etc.Novelties of all KindsStamping Done on ShortNotice Everythingguaranteed to be thebest. :::::::mr$. 01. 6. BoardLard SpecialTry a Bucket of Our OperoKettle Rendered Lard. Guaranteed to be the Best Lard;Made.SO-lb. Can $7.001Q-lb. Bucket.. 1.505-lb. Bucket..3-lb. Bucket...75.45-Golden EagleSausageThe Best on EarthccililWhi OlOSar -.'t ,-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., JANUARY 10, 1913Mm BOURBOI NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGWillow Rockers at ReducedPrices.See Hinton's south window for thosebeautiful willow rockers that are ondisplay. An excellent value at the reduced price or $2.98.CleanUp Sale.Watch the next issue of the News forHarry Simon's Big Clean Up, Sale.There will be something very interesting to the ladies. Most all seasonablegoods cut one-half.Miss Chinn to LectureMiss Aubyn Chinn, of Lexington,will deliver a lecture on "HouseholdEconomics" at the court house on Saturday afternoon at two o'clock. Thelecture is given under the auspices ofthe Progressive Culture Club. "Everybody invited.L. 4 N. Buys Property.The Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company has bought a strip ofgrc ind with a frontage of 191 feetfr' a J, F. Spears & Sons, and whichw , be used as yard room fGr Fsidetr eks at this point. The purchasev- 3 formerly a part of the Tarr coalj -rd and the price paid was $1,736 60.Arm Broken by Fall.Yhile engaged in removing tobaccofrom a barn Wednesday morning MikeFelix, employed by J. C. Keller, nearKiserton, fell from a tier rail in thetop of the bim breaking his rightarm.Felix struck a wagon bed while falling and was also badly bruised aboutthe body.Store at Clintonviile Burned.The general store of Will Mitchell,colored, at Clintonviile. was destroyedby fire Tuesday night about 6:H0o'clock. The origin of the fire is unknown, but it is believed it was causedby an overheated stove. Several buildings in the neighorhood werethreatenedwith destruction. Mitchell's loss isabout $300.Dr. Frank Visiting Here.Dr. Louis r rank, who rceentlv underwent an ODeration at Cleveland, 0.,and who has been at his home in Louisvile recuperatiing from the effects arrived last night from the latter city tovisit his brothers, Messrs. Robt. andB. A. Frank, in th s city. Dr. Frankhas been able to be out for severaldays and will spend some time here inan effort to regain his strength.Real Estate Transfers.The following deeds have been filedfortrecord in the office of County ClerkPaton :W. J. Ranson heirs to Leila Current.lot on Main street, SI. iDenis Dundon to Mrs. Lillie Doty, ilot on Second street, $1.Birdie O. Gratz to Caywood & McClintock, tract of land on Paris andClintonviile pike, $3,164 40.Pensions Ready Feb. 5Pension Examiner W. J. Stone statesthat 164 Confederate pensions havebeen allowed in Kentucky up to thepresent time. There have been 3,576applications made, but many of themdo not come under the necessary ruling. It is about four times as manyas estimated would be filed. Theboard will work on the list up to Feb.15, when the first pension paymentwill be made on that date. Thoseclaims rejected will be notified as towhat proof is lacking.Buys Hardin County Farm.Mr Frank Bury, of near Elizabeth,this county, closed a deal this weeklor the purchase of a farm in Hardincounty. The farm, which contains 325aires.' was bought from Mr. J. A.Brown. The price paid was $100 peracre. Mr. Bury, who was formerlyengaged in the butcher business inthis city, I also own? the farm uponwhich he resides near Elizabeth. Hispurchase is within three miles ofElizabethtown and is well improved.Mr. Bury ard his family will move toHardin county atout February 5, when jhe gets possession of his farm.i iAnnounces For Police Chief.In this issue of the News appearsthe announcement of Mr. Fred Link asa candidate for the Democratic nomination for Chief of Police of the cityof Paris subject to the action of theDemocratic Drimary, August 2.Mr. Link is at present serving hisfourth year as a meraber of the policeforce in the capacity of patrolman.He has etablished quite a reputationas a fearless and conscientious officialand has discharged his duties withoutfavor. He is extremely ponular andhas a large following who will accordhim their heartiest support.Paton Announces for Clerk.County Clerk Pearce Paton announces in this issue of the News as a candidate for the Democratic nominationforcounty cleik to succeed himself inthe comng regular election.Mr. Paton. who has heid the orhcefor two terms, has made an enviablereputation as an official. Dunne thetermshis father, the late E. D. Paton.served the county in the capacity ofclerk, he acted as deputy and cominginto the office as he did was thoroughly familiar with alJ its requirements. He has made an earnest and painstaking official and asks the consideration of the Democratic voters at theAugust primary, pointing to his pastrecord as an attest to his ability. Hefiier the race with a strorg following, )j2iig extremely nonubr throughout the county and it is predicted thathe will be hard to defeat.PERSONALJtfENTION.Miss Julia O'Brien is visiting Mrs.J. C. Lary in Winchester.Mr. Harry Simon is able to be outafter a severe attack of grip.Mr. B. F. Remington is quite illat his home on Houston avenue.Miss Elizabeth Hinton has enteredHamiltonCollege at.Lexington.Mrs. Lon Tribble is in Carlisle atthe bedside of her mother, who is seriously ill.Mr. Thomas Link and sister. MissJunie Link, have returned from a visitin Cincinnati.Hon. Claude M. Thomas is confinedto his home on Mt. Airv avenue witha slight illness.Mrs. Dan Roche and children returned Tuesday after a visit to relatives m Louisville.Mr. Alex Rice, who has been confined to his home for some time withillness does not improve.Mr. and Mrs. Wnf. Hinton have returned from a visit to the latter's sister. Mrs. Barnett, in Louisville.Miss Julia Howard, of Washington,D. C, is here on a visit to her father.Mr. William Howard, on Higgins avenue. Mr. George W.Davis has recovered sufficiently from the effects of twocongestive chills to be at his place ofbusiness.Miss Abbie Johnson, who has beenhere on a visit to her sister, Mrs . J.D. Butler, has returned to her homein Lexington.Miss Frances I'isher, who hasbeen the guest of her grandfather, Mr.B. b Remington, has returned to hernome in Carlisle.Mr. Edward Tipton, of New York,is here for a few days' visit to his auntand uncle, Mr. and Mrs. D. C. Parnsh, on High street.Mr. George Davis has returnedfrom Chicago where 'he spent: theChristmas holidays with Mr. and Mrs.William Swearingen.Mr. Chas. Hiblerjof ML Sterling,who has many'relatives in this city,remains critically ill at his home inthatgeityewith little chance of his recovery. Mrs. H. H. Floyd and little son,returned Monday from Lebanon,where they have been visiting Mr.Floyd's parents, , Mr. and Mrs. E. F.Newcombe.Judge E. B. January, who hasbeen confined to his bed tor sevetaldays with a severe illness is improvingrapidly and was able to be out for atime yesterday.Mr. Kenick Smith, of Dallas, Texas, has returned to Fort Royal, Va.,to resume his studies at the RandolphMacon College after spending the ho'idays with Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Bell.Mrs. C. H.WheeIer, wife of Mr.C. H. Wheeler, an employe ot theCumberland Telephone Company, wastaken to a Lexington hospital Tuesday for an operation for appendicitis.Miss Julia Clark, who has beenhere on a visit to her mother, Mrs.Kate Clark, returned Tuesdav to Mt.Vernon, Ky., where she will resumeher duties in the school at that place.Mr. Carl Crawford was called toPeebles, O., Tuesday night on accountof the serious illness of his wife, whois in that city on a visit to relatives.A message received from the bedsideof Mrs. Crawford last night was to theeffect that she was somewhat improved. Dr. and Mrs. Marion H. Daileyentertained handsomely at theirhome on Stoner avenue Wednesdayafternoon in honor of the fourth birthday of their attractive little daughter,Miss Louise Dailey. There weretwenty girls and boys present and during the afternoon games were enjoyed.Mrs. A. T. Waterfield has returnedto her home in Columbus, 0., accompanied by hermother, Mrs. J. T. Stoller,who will make her a short visit beforereturning to her home in Missouri.Mrs. Waterfield and Mrs. Stoller havebeen the guests of Mrs. Thos. Best onCypress street.Mr. Clarence Barbee will leave ina few days to join his parents, Mr. andMrs. J. F, Barbee, who recently movedirom Millersburg to Monticello, Ark.,where Mr. Barbee is engaged in business. Since the departure of his parents Mr. Barbee has been a guest ofMr. Ireland Davis.Mr. D Nym McCuIlough, thewell known horse fancier of Atlanta,Ga., and Mr. W. G. Shropshire, of thefirm of Matlack & Shropshire, of Winchester, visited Messrs. W. C. Massieand R. F. Shropshire yesterday, andafter looking over their fine string ofhorses, were entertained at an elegantdinner by Mr. Massie.The Paris Literary Club met Wednesday afternoon and the hour was occupied with.the reading of three papers concerning Quebec. The president stated that the pictures whichare being sent out by th State Federation of Clubs and which are photographs of famouB paintings, are on exhibition at the .Public Library.The Progressive Culture Club hadas its guests at its meeting Wednesday, Mra. Allie Dixon, of North Middletown, who gave a most interestingtalk on "Mexico of Today." Themeeting was in the elegant club roomat the Elks Building and after the address dainty refreshments oi chocolate, sandwiches and margueriteswere served by the younger members of the club from a tablebeautiful in its appointments. Animmense cluster of pink carnations ina brass basket adorned the speaker'stable and was graciously nresented toMrs. Dixon by the club president, Mrs.Amos Turney.A cordial invitation is extended bythe W. C. T. U. to the public generally lo attend a parlor meeting nextMonday afternoon Jit 2:30 o'clock atthe home of Mrs. Wm. Myall, to beaddressed by Miss Katherine Pettit,who renresents the W. C. T U. Settlement School at Hindman, Ky. MissP'ettit is a great favorite with all whohave heard her tell of the -mountainwork, and those who accept this invitation are sure to be interested in thestory she has to relate. The youngpeople are especially invited. A Bilveroffering will be taken to help defraythe expenses.Kev. Dr. B. M. Shive has returnedhome and will be in his pulpit at thePresbyterian church Sundo.v morningat 10:30 o'clock and at night at 7:30.Mrs. Sallie Feeback and daughter,Miss Mary Feeback. will leave todayfor Atlanta, Ga., where they willspend about two months visiting relatives.Flood Follows Heavy Rains.Ram which fell for a period of almost forty-eight hours, raised thestreams of this county to a higherpoint than at any time in the lasttwelve months. All of the streamsof the county were out'of their bank?,flooding the'Jowlands and doing considerable damage to the land.In this city both Houston and Stonercreeks reached a high stage, the former being backed by the waters ofStoner. Reports from the various sections of the county are to the effectthat while great damage was done byoverflowing streams, it is in no waycompared with the flood of three orfour years ago. Wednesday night thewaters began to recede.At the base ball park in this city, agreater portion of the high boardfence was washed away, but asidefrom this no other serious damage isreported.Express Office Will Move.The office ot the Adams ExpressCo., which has been located in the oldpostoffice building on Fifth'street. in afew days will be moved to the building recently erected at the Louisvilleand Nashville depot. The companywill not maintain a down town officebut all freight will be handled at thedepot.Kite Reelected Fire Chief.At a meeting of the Maysville CityCouncil Ed Hite, formerly of Paris,was re-elected chief of the fire department for a period ot two lyears. Hiteis one ot the best known firemen in thissection of Kentucky and his friendshere will Jearnof his re-election witha gjeat deal of pleasure.Cottage Sold.Mr. James Burke, an employe of theLouisville and Nashville railroad, thisweek sold his one story frame cottageon Seventh street to his sister, MissKatie Burke, at a private price.Blanton to Head Blue GrassThe directors of the Blue GrassLeague met in the office of PresidentThomas Sheets, of the Lexington club,Thursday afternoon, with Mr. HoganYancey and Mr. Sheets representingthe Lexington club ; Thomas Russelland T. M. Summers, of the Maysvilleclub ; A. B. Coleman, of the Frankfortclub, and President of the LeagueWilliam Neal, present.The other directors were not'able tobe present on account of pressing business, but sent telegrams announcingthe approval of Albeit liUnton, ofFrankfort, to succeed Mr. Naal aspresident, and he was elected withouiopposition. Owing to the small attendance, othpr matters of importance, including the election of a secretary-treasurer,were postponed to alater date.Committeemen Named.Frank Wright, of Shelbyville, FrankCarter, of Elizabethtown and Benjamin Marshall, of Frankfort, have beennamed a committee from the CountyandJCircuit Court Clerks' associationto take'up thework of standardizingthe record books of the State courts.Their selection was made atfcFrankfortWednesday by Kenton County ClerkJohn B. Dillon, Sr., who as presidentof the State organization is chairmanex-officio.McClintock Case Affirmed.I The case of the Louisville andNashville railroad company againstW. G. McCintock. from Bourbonconnty, was affirmed by the Court ofAppeals yesterday the judgment being$222 for the death of nine hogs, causedby delay in shipping the hogs fromParis to Covington.Strayed or Stolen.Strayed or stolen from my place onthe Maysville pike, a male Duroc hog.Reward for information that will leadto its recovery. Call the' News officeor WM. FARIS.A Progressiveand SolidInstitutionWe Invite You to Open anAccount With Us.You Are Assured of FairTreatment.Liberal Accommodations.3 per.cent. on Time Deposits.M Capital 100',OOO.GOBourbon Bank &Trust Co.Surplus and Profits... 50,000.00Our Trust Departmentacts as Administrator, Ex-I ecutor, Guardian or Trustee1 in all trust capacities.A safe and competentmmwammmmmmmammmmmmwtmItalians Secure Licenses.The first instance on record wheremen of foreign birth have applied atthe office of County Clerk Paton forhunters' license occurred yesterday,when "Frank Pappalardo and CarloBadalementi secured license fromthat official. Botn men are Italiansand have been in this country lessthan three years. They reside inLouisvile End are in this city playingan engagement at the opera housewhich opened last night, being musicians connected with the "White WayBand," of which Badalementi is leader. They are both ardent sportsmenand will occupy their spare time whileplaying engagements "in this state inhunting.How often does thisquestion bob up in yourhome? It's perfectly natural, for every one shouldhave some recreation afterthe day's work.And no one need wantfor it where there's aVictor in the home.Why not get a Victorfor yoiir home? Come inand see us aboutit today.Victors $10 to$100. Victor-Vic-trolas$15 to $250.Terms to suit.DAUGHERTYBROS.tiligOI9IIJxnnouncemenh.W. Ed. Tucker'sBig Clearance SaleBeginsMonday, January . JEndsSaturday, JanuaryetfLt VJust Received a Fresh Shipment ofChase & Sanborne'samousCOFFEESThe Best Flavored Coffee in TownRegardless of Price.30c per lb.For Sale Only byJP JCLiJELi S3W"The Home of Good Things to Eat"JanuaryClearance SaleIn this sale you will find better valuesthan can be found elsewhere. You cannot afford to miss these rare bargains.Let us give you a few examples.See those in the middle window, andremember these are real reductions andnot mere words.Mahogany Desk or Work Stand, was $6.75, now. ...$ 4.35Mahogany Shaving Stand, was 15, now 9.90Im. Mahogany Chair, was $4, now 2.95Genuine Spanish Leather Rocker, was $27.50, now. 1 9.75Im. Mahogany, Im. Leather Rocker, was 25, now. 1 7.50Early English Celarette, was $7.50, now 5.35Umbrella Holder, was $11.50, now 7.75.Im. Mahogany Rocker, was $7.50, now 5.68Golden Oak Desk or Work Table, was $8.50, now. . 5.55Oak Roman Chair, was $4, now 2.05Solid Mahogany' Divan and Chair to match, upholstered in finest silk plush, strictly Colonialand very elegant, were $60, now 4-2.5 OBest Brass Costumer, was $16, now 11 .75Best Brass Costumer, was $12.50, now 7.S5Best Brass Costumer, was $14, now 9.75Oak Rocker, was $6, now " 4-. 35Doll-Carts, rubber tire, was $2.75, now 1 .85Solid Mahogany Tray, was $6, now 3.95Picture, was $3.50, now 2.35Rattan Hamper, was $5.50, now 3.95Oak Pedestal, was $2.75, now 1 .S5Brass Jardiniers, was $5.50, now 3.90I Am Also Making a Gcan-llp on Curtains of All Kinds.Look at These Prices These Are in the Window.3, pair Lace Curtains, were $4.75, now per pair $ 3.501 pair Net Curtains, were $2.50, now per pair 1 .503 pair Lace Curtains, were $3.25, now per pair 2.6011-2 aair Lace Curtains, were $7.50, now per pair 3.SO4 pair Lace Curtains, were $7.50, now per pair 4.902 pair Lace Curtains, were $5, now per pair 3.5 OBig lot of Other Curtains at Big Reductions.Straw Mattings, Carpets, Rugs and Furnitureall Includedin This Sale.J. T. HINTON1MMT25!sIt" ft.:,."sjtT-"eds!JvvVV5THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JANUARY 10, 1913'XFATTENED FOR THE TABLEGUIDED BY THE STARS(a3w?m?fwm?w?K1PT(DREN IIshould have rich, red bloodand sturdy, healthy bodies towithstand cold rains, changingseasons and winter storms.If your child is weary whenrising lacks energy and ambition has no appetite orpossibly sallow skin or a pinchedf ace it is for want of vital bodyhourishment; this growingperiod demands special, concentrated, easily digested foodfor body-development mentalstrain physical changes.Scott's Emulsion is thegreatest body-builder known it"ijiature's wholesome strength-ker without alcohol orant makes rosy cheeks,od, sturdy frames andts.mxxst have SCOTT'S.W7fE, Bloomfield, N. J. 12-62In Ireland Codfish Are Kept Confined Until They Are in the Bestof Condition.New Shoe ShineParlors.Ed. ParkerThe popular Elevator Boy andJanitor at the AgriculturalBank, has opened a Shoe-ShiningParlor in the hallway of theBank and will be glad to waiton the public in this section ofthe city.Your Patronage Is Solicited.iiRoxie" Davis iZU Insurance AgentJLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137SuitJMUt. :'At Logan, near the Mull of Galloway, there is a most interesting tidalfish pond. A rent in the cliffs facingthe Irish channel admits the salt wa-"ter through a narrow fissure, protectedby a grating, into a circular rock basinsome 30 feet in diameter and 20 feetdeep.The cliffs rise high around. Stonesteps descend on one side to a ledgeleveled into footpath at the water'sedge. No sooner does the visitor'sfoot-fall resound on the stairs thanthe green water, hitherto motionlessand apparently lifeless, becomes peopled with large brown fish arisingfrom the depths, gliding and dashingabout in a state of great excitement.These are cod, which, caught on linesin the sea, have been transferred tothis pond to be fattened for the table.They are fed dally by the keeper, andexperience has taught them to connectthe sound of footsteps with their mealtime. Formerly a clapper used to be rungto summon them, but this was no morethan a trick of the stage. The footfall on the stone is quite enough toawaken them to activity. Most of thecod, being deep-water fish, becometotally blind in captivity from excessof light; but they become so tame andaccustomed to their keeper as not onlyto feed out of his hand, but some ofthem allow themselves to be lifted outof the water. Qne may witness thestrange sight of a huge cod, more thanfour feet long, dangled on the kneelike a baby, his mouth stuffed withmussels and limpets, after which he isreturned to the water with a mightysplash. On the table these fish, thustended and fed, prove much betterthan fish brought straight from theopen sea.to Orderfli i H PiBltfnrfcc H HB lm !'"" i amHialiiviaiiviaaiaConcerning Umbrellas.Because of the tremendous vogueof velvets and the number of costumesin that material that are being madeup, the velvet-encased umbrella hascome into being. Made on a slenderbut substantial frame, which foldsclosely, and covered when closed andencased appears like a walking stickof velvet from ferrule to top. A solidsilver monogram plate caps the handle, which, ten inches down its length,is ornamented with a double ring ofsilver.Decided colors are now the smartthing in silk umbrellas. All the fashionable shades of purple, blue, mauveand the new reds are in demand forspreads, which are mounted uponframes that press tightly about a slender stick and give the convenience theappearance of a silken cane. Thefashionable fad is to procure a uniquehandle for the umbrella that is carriedwith the tailored walking suits, andwhile some of the effects are artistic,others are actually bizarre. Amongthe latter are the cat, parrot andmonkey heads in natural colors andwith jewels for eyes. In the formerclass are all manner of beautifullycarved handles of rare woods andivory, and when money is not an object, of jade, amber, rock crystal orWu V fu. oytT --.'v':ty'OB- "We Also DoDYECLEANING.PRESSING,REPAIRING.HBest WorkGuaranteed.MtMIThomas Bros.wtaaiaallaiiaiaaiiaiaaiiaia23miaiaaiaaiaaiaaiaaiaaiaaiiaiaaiaaiaammmElHarnessing the Sun.Old Sol himself is harnessed to doour world's work. Heat is collectedby pressing water through a glasscovered heater exposed to the sun'srays. The heated water is stored in awell insulated tank and drawn offto circulate around a sulphur dioxideboiler, then, after giving up its heat,was again passed through the heater.It was calculated that in latitude 34degrees a square foot of water surfacewould make up about 23,000 thermalunits in a June day and about 1,600 ina December day.Using two heaters, sections exposing 1,000 square feet to the sun, theheat collected was made to run atwenty horse-power sulphur dioxideengine, and at times developed aboutfifteen horse-power with a boiler pressure of 245 pounds per square inch.Reviewing the results, Mr. Willsie hasfound the cost per horse-power at thesolar power plant to be about $160, ormore than four times the cost of asteam power plant He makes due allowance for this difference in first investment and concludes that in afavorable region, like California, sunpower can compete in cost with steampower.ft m b laBB BfiT B o or m m fizsa BOB R"aV MBIRare Antiquities Secured' byRoyal Irish Academy.Specimens Recently Unearthed ProveHigh Civilization Centuries Before Christ People of ErinEmerged From Barbarism.Dublin. The Royal Irish academyrecently acquired some very fine specimens of Irish antiquities whichshow the wonderfully high level civilization had reached in Ireland centuries before the birth of ChristThese objects are now on view in theantiquities section of the Nationalmuseum in Dublin. They include twobronze celts, two gold fibulae, abronze fibula and a number of amberbeads, which were dug up by workmen in a field in County Cork in1907.One of the gold fibulae weighs overthree ounces and the other nearly twoounces. The bronze fibula is of arare type, and the amber beads arealso of great importance, as the finding of them in association with theother objects places beyond disputethe fact, which was often surmisedbut never definitely ascertained until now, that many of the amber beadsfound in Ireland can be placed in thebronze age.Another object recently added to thecollection is the well-known rapierfrom Lissane, County Dery, of whichthe academy had previously had onlya model. This rapier is the longestever discovered in the British islands,and it is one of the most perfect everfound in Europe. It was discovered ina bog at Lissane in 1867, and afterpassing through various hands iteventually came into the possessionof the Hon. Mrs. Henniker Heaton,wife of the British postal reformer,from whom the academy purchased itthis year.There is another rapier which wasfound recently in Lough Erne at adepth of 17 feet under water, close tothe old castle of Crom, near Enniskillen. Mr. George Coffey, the leadingIrish authority on this subject, de-HOW TIME IS REGULATED IN THEUNITED STATES.Matter of Extreme Importance Ha3Been Brought to an Exact Scienceby Wise Men in GovernmentEmploy.MI'' II I 1 A vif I I mVFew people understand how time isaccurately obtained and distributedthroughout the country, says theCharleston News and Courier.Every clear night the astronomersat the United States observatory,Washington, D. C, observe the transitof certain stars which are due tocross the meridian at a known time.The exact instant of their transit isrecorded electrically by means of achronograph, which also records theseconds from a sidereal clock. Thedifference between the time of thesidereal clock and the time the staracross shows, the error of the clock.The time signals sent out each dayare wholly automatic, and consist ofa series of short marks produced onan open telegraphic circuit by thebeats of a transmitting clock locatedin the observatory. The wires of theWestern Union Telegraph companyare used for the dissemination ofthese signals at noon (75th meridian)each day, for an interval of three andfive minutes immediately precedingand ending exactly at noon.For the country east of the Rockymountains the signals are sent fromthe United States observatory atWashington, and for the country westof the Rocky mountains the signalsare sent from the United States observatory at Mare island navy yard,California. The entire series of signals sent from both of the observatories are graphically shown as theyappear on a chronograph tape. Theelectric connections of the transmitting clock sending these signalsare such as to omit certain seconds ofeach minute, as shown by the breaksin the record.These enable any one who is listening to a telegraph instrument at anyoffice that is cut into the circuit duringthe transmission of the signals to recognize the middle and beginning ofeach minute. At the fifty-ninth minute there is an interval of ten seconds, which is followed by the finalnoon signal.At each office throughout the United States where time service is established there is a master clock in-'stalled for the purpose of transmittinghourly signals to the subsidiary clocksto keep them in perfect time.At the present time, when scientificbusiness methods make every fractionof a minute valuable, the value of thdpresent system has become invaluable; so much so that a "time" connection Is Indispensable in nearlyevery place of business, as the variation of one minute frequently costshundreds and sometimes thousands ofdollars.Job PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood. Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!i.' SfTRE J9B R60fflS OFTHEAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asRapier and Other Finds From Lougherne. scribes this rapier as probably themost perfect and best preserved thathas yet been discovered. The pointand edge of the blade are as perfectand sharp as when they left the handsof the worker centuries before "ourera.Mr. Coffey says it can be seen fromthe objects now in possession of the)academy that the civilization of Ireland in the bronze age was much higher than has been commonly assumed,and was spread generally over thecountry.BIRD HAS TRAGEDY SECRET$50.00 TO $100.00 A MONTHTar yew spare time Experience not needed-Waat an active man in this locality.Te Introduce us to your friends. We payl&rseat cash benefits it-hen sick, Injured,smt at death, for smallest cost. Free-In-wtranceand Cask-Bonus offer to first apyttea&t from this place. Write quick forparticulars.THE I-L-U 835, Covington, Ky.Police Powers to a Nurse.Because Miss Rupp of Philadephiamet with discourteous treatment atsome of the homes at which she calledas a nurse, the city council passed anordinance giving her all the powers ofa policeman, and she was sworn in afew days ago.Before she was given authority tocarry a mace and pistol and makearrests she was required to make oathand that she had not engaged m dueling since 1881 and to promise not totake part in duels either as principalor second. The oath as to duels is required by the .state legislature of allpublic officers from governor down.Not an Effective Branch.The learned counsel was endeavoring to impress the court with the factthat his client had always been anxious to settle. "My lord," he said,impressively, "only eighteen monthsago we held out the olive branch.""Yes," responded the witty judge,"but there were no olives on it."Well Trained.Hub (angrily) What! More money?When Tm dead you'll probably have tobeg for all the money you get.t Wife (calmly) Well, I'll be betteroff than some poor woman who neverhad any practice.Denver Police Hope Parrot Will ClearDeath of Couple In a HotelThere.Denver, Colo. A group of detectivesbegan a vigil around the cloth drapedcage of a parrot in the hope that thebird would testify as the sole witnessto the supposed murder and suicide ofMr. and Mrs. D. C. Johnson, whosebodies were found in a hotel roomTuesday.The'bird was found walking restlessly along the footboard of the bed, mut-terlng to the bodies. It had belongedto Johnson for years.The police, believing that there wasa quarrel before the tragedy, calledin an aviculturist to cross-examinethe parrot. The bird refused to answer and as a final resort the birdman suggested that the cage be covered and watched. Believing itselfalong the bird might then croon somesharp ejaculations and exclamationsthat would impress it had a quarreloccurred before the tragedy.Breaking It Gently."Whom have you there in. tow?""This is Rip Van Winkle. He justwoke up.""Why guard him so carefully?'"Well, we're letting him see the wo-,men's styles gradually you know."Mirrors to Cure Drunkenness.Chicago. Curing jags by mirror isthe latest here since a man chargedwith intoxication got a look at himself in a mirror in Judge Hopkins'court, and at once demanded a Turkish bath. Now the court has ordereda mirror hung behind the rail and instructed the bailiff to make everyperson charged with intoxication lookinto it before being arraigned.Getting Sentence Correct.Former Judge Peter S. Grosscup isresponsible for this one, related at adinner recently:"Noah Webster had just completedhis dictionary. After his strenuouslabors he south relaxation in a flirtation with his wife's housemaid. Thisaffair of the heart was conducted under most trying circumstances toNoah, for Mrs. Webster was constantly snooping about the house, so it wasnot to be wondered at that one daywhen Noah and the pretty servantwere exchanging kisses, in walkedMrs. Webster."'Why, Noah, I am surprised!' sheexclaimed."The great lexicographer was startled, but his dignity did not deserthim."Looking at his wife with a frownof disapproval, he said:" 'My dear, you certainly merit arebuke. s Here you are, the wife of adictionary maker, and yet when youentered the room just a moment agoyou exclaimed, 'I am surprised.' Mydear, I am the one who is suprisedyou are astonished.'"War."President Taft discused gloomilythe other day," said a Washingtonian,"the terrible Turkish war. He pointed'out the awful horrors of the cholera.He said that war was an ugly, vilething, and he would always regretthe defeat of his arbitration plans."He said that, when he heard anytalk about heroism or self-secrifice inwar, he always thought about old Colonel Gore." 'Colonel Gore,' a young lady oncecried, 'they tell me that In one of yourbattles an enemy died to save yourlife. Is that true?'" 'Quite true, ma'am,' said the colonel, stroking his great militarymustache."'Oh, how beautiful! How noble!Tell me how it happened, won't you?'said the young lady." 'Well, ma'am said the colonel, 'ithappened like this. The enemy hadhis gun pressed against my temples,and I ran my bayonet through hisstomach.' "BILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ..POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Both Hands Free.At the suffrage lunchrooms inNew York a woman electrician theother day showed Mrs. O. H. P. Belmont a model of a cradle that rocksby electricity.Mrs. Belmont, after examining themodel with interest, smiled and said:"This invention is of great value townmanit leaves both her hands freefor the carrying of suffrage banners jand the distribution of suffrage literature."-Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Che Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.fciiWiWiiiUUUiitftJANUARY 10, 1913Tired Out NervousiYou Will Need Money for Christmas 1913p.Tona Vita Will Bring BackStrength and AmbitionAlmost at OnceDiscouraV-For Sewing and Reading MTSS"gives a clear, steady light, soft and mallow;, the ideal lamp, according to best authorities, for all work requiring close attentionof the eyes (feu: superior to gas and electricity).The JZ&XO Lampi5Lighted without removing chimney or shade. Easy to clean and rewick..inexpensive, iiconomicai. Made in various styles, and tor all purposesAt Dealers EverywhereSTANDARD OIL COMPANYLoHjtfrvQc, Ky.Bgmmgkwm, Ala.(Incorporated in Kentucky)Atlanta, Ga.Jackson, "M as.Jacksonville, Fla.-.iew uoai uaraHave opened" a Coal Yard at the DowStand on North Main Street.Rich Mountain CoalKentucky Jem CoalLast longer and furnishes a'greater amountof heat than other coals.0. R. TURNER,Opp. Hotel Windsor Dow Building E. T. Phone 58GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALHER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.HiSpecial RatesLow Round TripHomeseek' ers TicketsTo points in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Arizona, Arkansas,Missouri, New Mexico, Oklahoma,Texas and Kansas on sale first andthird Tuesday of each month, returnlimit 25 days from date of sale.Round trip Winter Tourist iickets toall principal winter resorts in theSouth on sale Oct. 15th to April 30th,1913, final return limit May 3lst, 1913.For further information, apply tor,W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, TV A.Sf You Want aGood SteakorRoastOrder Some of That HomeKilled Meats FromargoUni?The Butcher.t Burley Tobacco GrowersBoost Your OwniBrandsWe, as you know, are using T your choicest tobacco 'in-the"brands of Strater Bros.' Branch, and you know that nobody growsbetter tobacco than you do. You know how we manufacture, soyou know that these brands are perfection. Now we want you tolielp us sell these brands this year even better than our bestprevious years. The reasons you should so help are as follows:You Are Part OwnerThe fact that you grow the tobacco-makes you part ownerof all these brands.Every time that one sells you profit.Every word that you say in favor of anyIielps to increase those sales. Everybrand that you buy for your own usehelps make those profits better. All ourinterests your interests and ours arepooled in these several tobaccos. It islogic that you should bend all of yourefforts, however small, in the selling.The United Power of40,000 Buyers40,000 men in a section wield an enormous buying influence. If all ask forthese brards when they buy tobaccothere results a gigantic sale. And bigsales are the best advertising known.Smokers and chewers flock to brandsthat they see the most people buying.40,000 steady users indirectly make 40,000 more. Get them for Strater Bros.'Branch Brands the brands that yougrow for by using these brands yourself.Tell Every FriendTell your friends of these brands. Tellthem what you know of the tobacco. Telltaem you grow it and smoke and chewit yourself, so you know. Tell them itcomes from Kentucky, from the centerof the richest Burley sections. Let them.know it's the cream of .your crops andthat they can buy these brands from'most any dealer, because dealers knowthat these brands are the best they canbuy.Burley growers should be Burley Boostersand the best way to boost is to BUY BurleyYOUR OWN BRANDS-YOURSELF.7V riortlofc f Dealers throughout the United States know these famous tobaccos.JL O JLJ&CtLeri They are Nation-wide sellers popular brands. They are helping: thesedealers to prosper. They are made from the pick of the famous crops of 40.000 growers.jEvery one of these growers is boosting them all. So are all of their friends. This method is,brlnging the profits to dealers to those who sell these brands. Are they working for you?Here are the mild, fragrant smokxne brands-GOLDEN GLOW-PENNY POST-FULL PAY.Here are the delicious chewing brands-INDEX-BY JOE TWIST-CUP-DAY'S WORKON THESQUARE-TORCHLIGHT-STRATER'S NATURAL LEAF.Put them into your stock. See how they selLSTRATER BROS. TOBACCO COMPANY BRANCHBURLEY TOBACCO COMPANY, Incorporated, Louisville, Ky.(2)No lime like the present to get well.If you are run down, with littlestrength or ambition, don't put off doing something about it another day.You owe it to your family, your friendsand yourself to throw off this dull,dragging, neivous condition.Tona Vita is what your systemneeds. This great medicine is nowrecognized as the National Tonic andiajendorsed by physicians generally.Tona Vita will build you up in a fewweeks time. Don't be nervous, depressed, half sick a day longer. Getit today. If you have lost flesh weighyourself after taking it a week. Youwill be astonished by the weight youhave gained.Tona Vita is sold by Chas. E. Butler & (Jo.Egyptian Custom.The Egyptians at their feasts, toprevent excess on the part of thecompany, were accustomed to place askeleton in a conspicuous part of thebanqueting room, with this inscriptionover it: "Remember, you must soonbe like it.'An epicure, on being toldthis, replied: "Ah, that was if theydid not eat."Mark Twain -in Satirical Humor."Even the cleverest and most perfect circumstantial evidence is likelyto be at fault, after all, and thereforeought to be received with great caution," said the late Mark Twain."Take the case of any pencil sharpened by any woman. If you have witnesses, you will find she did It witha knife; but if you simply take theaspect of the pencil, you will say shedid it with her teeth."Remained Long Under Water.The Paris swimming-master, Pouliquen, accomplished a remarkable featrecently by remaining six minutes,twenty seconds under water. His previous best performance was four minutes thirty-one seconds. M. Pouliquen seemed quite fresh after his exploit, and in proof of it jumped intothe water again and swam thirtyyards at full speed."Wise-Acre.""Wise-acre" has its origin in BenJonson's retort to a countryman whoboasted interminably of his acres, tillBen said: "What signify to us yourdirt and your clods? Where you havean acre of land I have ten acres ofwit." The countryman retorted bycalling Ben "Good Mr. Wiseacre."This is a good story, but perhaps theterm, wiseacre comes from the corruption of the German, weissager, a wise-sayer.Method of Bleaching Ivory.To bleach ivory ornaments or piano keys the following method workBwell. The ornaments are first washed or "soaked," if possible, in a bathof unslaked lime, which has in it afew ounces of bran and water. Thisshould make a pasty solution if properly mixed, and will bleach the ivorywhich is discolored or stained. Itshould be rubbed off with a cloth andthe Ivory dried in magnesia powder.After a few minutes a few strokeswith a cloth gives the ivory a brilliantpolish.Success and Failure.l. is sometimes hard to find out justhow the man who is successful has,managed to succeed, but it is alwayseasy to see why failure comes to thosewho fail. Chicaeo Record Herald.The National for January.Month by month the "NationalMagazine' is forging to the front because of the persistent policy in furnishing wholesome material which theaverage American loves to read in theglow of the home light. The January"National" has the usual chatty"Affairs at Washington," in a newdress larger type and wider measure,and a panorama of new faces is beginning to appear with the change of administration, which gives the editor,Joe Chappie, "new worlds to conquer."Mr. Nixon Waterman contributes aninteresting sketch of John TownsendTrowbiidge, the author of DariusGreen." The story of P. T. Barnumreads like a refreshing bit of news, especially to those who lived in thepalmy days of Barnum's "GreatestShow onJEarth." "My First Real Celebrity" is the title of the article,which has the chattin.ess of the editorial cozy corner and is a retrospectiveglimpse showing how and why P. T.Barnum was always popular. The second installment of George WhartonJames' remarkable biographical sketcn"Jack London," isan attractive feature and there is an interesting travelpaper by that intrepid Englishman,Oscar Frichet, which gives a newglimpse of Cuba. "Memory's Mansion" is'the title of a poem by Mrs.Ella Wheeler Wilcox one of thosepoems that just live and linger inthe memory.The January National is especiallystrong in wholesome fiction. Amongthe short story contributors are Horace Hazeltine, Lillian Ducey, Haroldde Polo, Marguerite Jacobs and W.Carey Wonderly. all well knownwriters of popular fiction. A new aerial, "The Lure of the Treasure," isannounced for the February issue,and a real mystery story in GeorgeEthelbert Walsh's best vein is promised.IAn Easy Way to Get ItA Sure Way to Have ItJoin Our Christmas Savings Club Which Started December 26th.In Glass 1, pay lc the 1st week, 2 cents the 2nd week 3c the 3rd week, 4c the 4th week, 5cthe 5th week, 6c the 6th week, and so on for 50 weeks, and two weeks before Christmas we will mail you a check for $12.75, with interest at 3 per cent.Or in Class 2, pay 2c the 1st week, 4c the 2nd week, 6c the 3rd week, and so on, and wewill mail you a check two weeks before Christmas for $25.50, with interest at 3 percent.Or in Class 3, pay 5c the 1st week, 10c the 2nd week, 15c the 3rd week, and so on, and wewill mail you a check two weeks before Christmas for 63.85, with interest at 3 percent.You May Reverse the Order of Paymentsif You Wishto Do So, For instance, the Class 1, going up, the payments start with lc and end with 50c. Ifyou desire to do so, you may start with 50c the first week and pay lc less every week untilthe last week's payment will be lc. You may do the same in other classes.Payments Must Be Made Every Week,or May Be Made in Advances. Can you thmk oi an easier way to provide money for Christmas presents? jfeJoin yourselt get every one m the iamily to 30m: Show this to your friends anwthem to join, ijiveryooay is welcome to join.T- 1 1 7 1 . V1f.vprvhnriv is w prnmp rt ir& rThe Christmas Savings Club opened Thursday, December 2Q. Call and let us telljyouall about our plan. 'MAKE YOUR 1913 CHRISTMAS A MERRY ONE1913 Christmas Savings ClubAnswers to QuestionsJWhich Have Been Asked About ItWhat Is the Purpose of the ChristmasSavings Club?TVip nnrnnsfi is to heln vou and others;! fj...j j. - 1accumulate a iuna ior onrisimas.In What Manner Does the ChristmasSavings Club Accomplish ThisPurpose?By each member paying in a sma'll sumeach week for 50 weeks. Two weeks before Christmas each member will receivethe total amount paid in with 3 per cent,interest.Does Everybody Pay in the SameAmount?No. There are three classes and numbered respectively 1, 2 and 3. The payments are different in each class.What Are the Payments in Class 1 ?The payments are lc the 1st week, 2cthe 2nd week, 3c the 3rd week, and so onfor 50 weeks, making the payment for thelast week 50 cents.Do the Payments in the Other ClassesProgress the Same Way?They do. The only difference is thatin Class 2 the first payment is 2c the firstweek, 4c the 2nd week, 6c the 3rd week,and so on for 50 weeks.In Class 3 the first payment is 5c the1st week, 10c the 2nd week, 15c the 3rdweek, and so on for 50 weeks.Is There a Membership Fee or is ThereAny Cost-to Join?No.What Do I Do to Become a Member?All that is necessary is to go to theSavings Deartment of the Lexington Banking and Trust Company of Lexington, Ky.,ask to be enrolled as a member and makethe first week's payment or more.What Will the First PaymentJBe?It will be lc, 2c or 5c, according, tothe class you join.How Are the Payments to Be Made?Weekly or in advance for as manyweeks as you desire.What Will Happen If I Cannot KeepUp My Payments or Discontinue?You may discontinue for any reason atany time, and at the period when the clubcloses you will get a check for all you havepaid in, but in such a case no interest willbe allowed.When and How Can I Withdraw?Under no circumstances will any withdrawals, either in whole or in part, be allowed. What you deposit will be held foryou until two weeks before Christmas.Wnat Form of Receipt Do IGet WhenI Make Payments?For every week paid you will receive asmall receipt in coupon form, which youwill keep in the envelope we give you whenthe account is opened.What Would Happen If My CouponReceipts Were Lost, Stolen orDestroyed?As we have "a complete recordof thepayments of every member we will payyour share to you whether you have thereceipts or not. The receipts are of valueto you only for the purpose of verifyingour records.Can I Reverse the Payments?You can and by doing so you will haveyour payments grow less every week andyour money will earn twice as much interest.Can 1 Become a Member of MoreOne Class.Yes. You can join onelor all of theclasses.Lexington Banking & Trust Co.Sa-vingsJIDepartmentShort and Market Streets Lexington, KentuckyHBARBERHOPWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDPersons troubled with partial paralysis are often very much benefited bymassaging the affected Darts thoroughly when apDlying Chamberlain'sLiniment. This" liniment also relievesrheumaticlpains. Forsale by all dealSam'l Kerslake& Son,Paris, - Kentucky.Horse Shoeing,Machine Shop.Automobile Repairing'a Specialty. -Special Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe payl21-2c for greenbeef, hides. Call us up4or. bring'it to our place. -,VY-MAX MUNICK,Shh Sftreftfe. " PARIBJJCall East Tenn. PKnef?Jgg-.J?!UiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JANUARY 10, 1913.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.P'improvesMrs. Martha Vimont is ill with thegrip.Mrs Thomas McClintockslowly.Mrs. Margaret Mitchell is improvingafter a severe illness.Squire E. P. Thomason is able to"walk about the house.J. R. Turner opened his store Monday morning which has been closed forseveral days on account of his father'sdeath. 9Paul Hanley, of this place, will sellhis farm of 122 acres and also his livestock, crop and household goods onJanuarv 15.Mrs. Turner Perry has returned toher home at Owingsville after spending the holidays with'her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Thos. McClintock.earl.v Wednesday morning the inhabitants of Shiptown, a suburb, and thepeople south of town were entirelycut off.The heavy rains of Monday and Tuesday and the succeeding warm weatherhas made a splendid season for takingdown tobacco. The most of it is nowin the bulk and the farmers are hardat work getting it ready for market.This is the first year in a long timethat the week of prayer has not beenobserved during the first week of January. This is due to the fact that allthe pastors of our little town ar6 newarid there is not a resident pastoramong us that was here last January.Mr. and. Mrs. J. H. Burroughsmoved Thursday from the home of Mr.and Mrs. Wm. Burroughs to the property of Mr. J. T. Judy, recently purchased from the estate of Mrs. Lou bConway and vacated by Miss AnnaConway.Miss Anna James McClintock leftTuesday to resume her duties at LakeForest University, Lake Forest, 111.,after. spending theChristmas holidaysat home.Don't fail to call on us at our newplace of business, the Johnson & Madden shop. We are pre?.aieJ to dokinds of wood work, blacksmithingand rubber tiring. Mr. J. C. Fightmaster is in charge and would be gladto see all'his old friends.2t TAYLOR & FIGHTMASTER.Mr. Sylvester Long, of Dayton, O..sred an interesting lecture at theC. Chanel Monday evening undertees of the Y. W. C. A. of thes being the second numberurn course. His subect wasand iTooth Picks," and wssnest lectures ever deliveredt-sburg. His cardinal points.aw. love and habit. All whoard him were more than pleased andMr. Long can secure a large audienceany time he comes to Millersburg."Owirc to the inclement weather theaudience was not as large as it shouldhave been.The recent heavy rains have swollenall the streams here and at one timeTuesday night conditions looked threatening as they were nearing the pointof overflowing. No serious damagehas been reported. For a few hoursThe following officers were installedand committees were appointed at theregular meeting of Amity Lodge No.40, F. and A. M., Tuesday evening.Mr. M. JP. Collier, retiring Master,was in charge of the installation exercises. W. A. Butler was installedWorshiDful Master, M. P. Collier re-ajj. tiring; Senior Warden, J. B. Cray, H.iu. Lampoeii retirinc ; junior warden.E. K. Peterson, J. B. Cray retiring;Secretary. W. V. Shaw. J. H. Burroughs retiring Treasurer, S. M. Allen j'T.vler, Aaron McConnell; Chaplain J. H. Linville, tucceeded themselves; Senior Descon, 0. R. Rankin,W. A. Butler retiring. ,'Junior Deacon,E. C. Hawkins, K. M. Caldwell retiring ; Stewards, T. T. Bentiey andHenry Bowline, FUcceedirglV. L. Barton. The following committees wereanpointed : Trustees, M. P. Collier,V. L. Barton and Geo. W. Bramblett ;Committee on Finance, J. W. Mock,D. P. Jones and A. S. Miller; Committee on'Sick andaRelief.iE. P. Thomason, D. E. Clarke and R. M. Caldwell. After the installation a lunchconsisting of- coffee, sandwiches,cheese and pickle were served, afterwhich the regular work of the lodgewas resumed. A number of short andinteresting addresses were made during the evening.Mrs. C. B. Bastin has resigned herposition as day operator for the Bourbon Home Telephone Co., and is suc-ceededlby Miss Maud fDay, of Paris.Miss Willie "McNamara has resigned asnight operator on account of ill health,and the noard will be operated by Mr.and Mrs. Bastin.Mr. J. C. Leer is on the Louisvilletobacco market this week.Mrs. C. M. Best 'visited friends inCincinnati from Monday until Thursday. All city license and electric lightbills are past due. Please call andsettle at once.J. T. JUDY, City Clerk.Mr. J. T. Adair leaves today for Indianapolis, Ind., to attend the StatePoultry Show. He has several coopsof chickens to exhibit. g&gMiss Martin, of Huntington, W.Va., has accepted the position as instructor in Dramatic Art and Expression at M. F. C. This position was recently vacated by Miss Blair.In order to meet our obligations, beginning January 1, we are forced toadopt the 30 day system. Hope ourpatrons will bear this in mind andobligeT. D. JUDY & SON.The Ladies Aid Society of the Christian church convened Wednesday Lafternoon at the home of Mrs. G. T. Darnell. But little business was transacted on account of the absence ofa number of members.The new pool room of Waddell &Co.. was opened Wednesday in theSandusky building, now nearing completion. They have three handsometables and are prepared to do a goodbusiness. A barber shop will beopened in the near future.ten children. She was married late inthe summer to Mr. Manning, who wasemployed on the farm of her father.After spending a few weeks with herparents, the couple went to his homein Fleming county where they havesince rpsided.Mr. and Mrs. Manning came to Millersburg to spend the Christmas-holidaysand last week she was taken seriouisly ill, suffering from a severe attack of grip. On last Monday her illness assumed a most critical stagewhen pleurisy developed and sincethat time there seemed but littlechance for her recovery.The funerp 1 cortege will leave thefamily residence in Millersburg forCarlisle where the services will beheld in the cemetery at that place.Hideous Trousers.Further, it is pointed out, the trouser leg was draughty and cold, and atthe same time drags itself into hideous contortions with every movementof the leg. In the nether garment ofcelebrities distortions were describedsuggestive of concertinas, corkscrews,and buckled tubes. Exchange.RUDDLES MILLS ITEMS.The Woman's Missionary Society ofthe Methodist church will hold an allday meeting Wednesdav, January 15,at the home of Mrs. W. M. Miller.The morning session will begin at10:40. Lunch and social hour from12 to 1 :30. The afternoon Tprogramlincharge of Mrs.jE. P. Thomason willclose at 3 o'clock.Mrs. Ora Manning, aged 19. a brideof only a few months, Cdied at thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Sam Berry, near Millersburg, after anillness of only a fe days of septcpleurisy.Mrs. Manning was the eldest "daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Berry and one ofrDANOUHLiDon't Take Chances inBUYINGjH T OCNOS with CSC. .VHr Hgft " fKBuy YourWinterSHOESAt Our Big Bargain Shoe Store, the Leading ShoeStore of Paris.V ALL E-GI VINO!That's the "basis" of our Success in Business, Value inStyle, inQuality, in Workmanship, in everything thatMAKES GOOD SHOES,the things you pay your money for.We are thoroughly sincere in our belief, and we have seen nothing to shakeit. Every basis of comparison proves our footwear infinitely superior to mostShoes at the same prices. The one thing constantly in our mindis the great business of the future. To build that business we are using every effort to satisfyevery personjthat comes to our stors. sDependable Rubber FootwearWe retail Rubber Footwear at Wholesale PricesBuyhere and save the difference.cDAN COHENJRELIGIOUS.Rev. W. E. Ellis will be in his pulpit at the Christiau church Sundaymorning and evening. At the morning service the subject of his discoursewill be "Walking With God," and atnight he will preach from the subect,"Armageddon."Not Really Serious."My cases are all simple ones, suchas stealing boxes of matches andhandkerchiefs, and bigamy," said aprisoner at Kingston-on-Thamescourt, after 28 previous convictionshad been proved against him. London Mail.Miss 'Adaline Traylor is visiting relatives in Indiana.Dr. Thos. Padgett is improving afteran attack of grip.Preaching at the Christian churchSunday by Rev. Fairhurst.Mr. Thomas Gumher, of Dallas, Texas, is here on a visit to relatives.Mr. Alonzo Klump and Miss LizizeHough, who have been very ill, areimproving.Rev. W. T. Mullins, who has beenviaiting here, has returned to Lexington to resume his studies at the BibleCollege.Miss Lulu Burgess, of Pointdexter,who has been visiting Miss Ellen Trabue and Mrs. Clay Monson, has returned home.Good Object Lesson.The pupils of a Cleveland (Ohio)school have taken part in a dramaticsketch before the moving picturecamera, and their youthful figures andthe lesson they teach will soon beknown throughout the land. For it isa lesson that they are teaching thelesson of the importance of the careof the teeth.Mega Nets DestroyedIn his instructions to the FranklinCounty Grand Jury Monday JudgeStout stated that J. Q. Ward, executive agent lor the Fish and GameCommission of this state, and his subordinates had destroyed 1,000 illegalfish devices and traps and had savedthe state over $40,000 b.v the destruction of these fish nets.He added that during the last year100,000 quail had been shipped out ofthe state and that they brought to thesellers 20.000. This report wa3 madeto the grand .iury to show the importance of preserving the fish and gamein Kentucky, as provided'by the statutes. Judge Stout reported also that36,119 licenses had been issued tohunters, bringing in more than $31,000.He added that the law should be preserved and enforced, which was ofgreater importance than the fish andquail, because grand juries should notmake their estimates of the law . onthe dollar basis. The pollution of thestreams by big business institutionswas condemned by Judge Stout, whosaid that all business should be encouraged, but thatjt must be done within'the law.Victor Bradley, appointed Commonwealth's Attorney, to fill the vacancycreated by the resignation of Rober tFranklin, was sworn in.flow's This?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh' that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. CHENEY & CO,,Toledo, Ohio.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney lor the last 15 years, andbelieve him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and financiallyable to carry out any obligations madeby the firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,'Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75 centsper bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Saw Him First.Prosecuting Attorney (testily)"You say the candidate wasn't running for alderman or councilman, orany city office; then what was he running for?" Witness (stupidly) "Idunno 'nless it might be he seena cop comin' 'round the corner."Judge.Insect Bite Costs Leg."?A Boston man lost his leg from thebite of an insect two years Lefcre.To avert such calamities from stingsandjbits of insects use Bucklen's Arnica Salve promptly to kill the poisonand prevent inflammation, swellingand pain. Heals burns, boils, ulcers,piles, eczema, cuts, bruises. Only 25cents at Oberdorfer's.Useful for Orators.At a musical exposition in Berlinan invention for increasing the resonance of the voice was exhibited.It consists of a film, which is appliedMeaning of Love.You must first find out the meaning of love and then see that you dowhat love bids you, but the essentialthing is that you must find out thatmeaning for yourself. Tolstoy.If your children are subject i to attacks of croup, watch for the first,svmntom. hoarseness. Give Chamberlain's Cough Remedv as soon as thechild becomes hoarse and the attackmay ba warded off. For sale by alldea'ers.By Installments, 'The "epoch-making advice" of gto the roof of the mouth and acts as j bookmaker co a colleague m distress;This May Be the Reason."Why is it that so many peoplekeep on getting caught in mining swindles?" "I think it must be becausethere is always somebody around whois willing to accept money from others who think the more apparent aswindle is the less likely it is toprove what it seems."Theourbon Horse GoodsCo.,Incorporated.Manufacturers QfHarness, Horse Boots andLeather Novelties ofAll Kinds,All OrdersHaPromptly Executed AndWork Guaranteed.No. 304 Main StreetRepairing of All Kind DoneWhile You Wait.Opp. Court House.NATIONAL5c and 10c StoreSpecials For Saturday:Children's Fleece-linedHose, 2 for 1 5cChildren's Fleece-linedUnderwear, all sizes 11 OcLadies' Hose, 2 for 1 5 cTowels, 3 for . . . 25cNational 5c and lOcStonWatch OurJYVindowsa sounding Doara. it is mtenaea torthe use of orators, officers, and anyone wishing to increase the reach ofthe voice, as well as musicians.Here is a remedy that will cure yourcold. Why waste time and money exDerimenting when you can get a preparation that has won a world wide reputation by its cures of this disease andcan always be depended upon. It isknon everywhere jjs Chamberlain'sCough Remedy, and is a medicine ofreal merit. For sale by all dealers.is related in Vanity Fair. The colleague had been paid 25 on a betby a certain captain, who, in a fit ofabsent-mindedness, paid him the sameamount again nest day. "What shallI do about it?" asked the bookmakerof his friend; and prompt came thaanswer: "Ask him for it again."Blackening Aluminum.To blacken aluminum alloys, statesthe Electrical Review, immerse the article in a boiling hot solution of caustic soda of 30 per cent, strength for afew seconds; wash off the excess ofcaustic, dry in sawdust and polishwith a plumbagoed brush.FOUND.A handsome fur neck piece wa3found on the Winchester pike on Fri-Iday. Owner can have same by calling"at31 3t MITCHELL &BLAKEM3RE'SperMM LQM3cent. $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheapsidc, Lexington, Ky.Public Sale....OF.House& LotI will offer for sale at public aucltion onSaturday, January 11, 1913,at two o'clock p. m., on the premisesmy four room cottage, lot 40x126 feet,located on Virginia avenue. House ispractically new and is in good repair.Prospective buyers are welcome tocome and inspect property.TERMS One third cash, balance inone and two years. Lien to be retained on property.MRS. MOLLY MOORE.Paris, Ky.George D. Speakes, Auctioneer.Briar root pipe. Owner can getsame at this office by. proving propertyand paying advertising charges.LOST.Pony skin muff, lost in front of express office Monday about noon. Finder return to Fee's grocery and receivereward. 2tLOSTOn Wednesday night between myhome on Duncan avenue and ElksBuilding a pair of long white kidgloves. Finder please return to ,MRS. HARRY B. CLAY.LUNG DISEASE"After four in our family had diedof consumption I was taken witha frightful cough and lung trouble,but my life was saved and I gained87 pounds through usingDR. KING'SNEWDISCOVERYI W. B. Patterson, Wellington, Tex.mCOndSlioAIRUGGISTSIMrs. Pendleton(Formerly with J. L. Watson, Lexington, Ky.)MODISTECatering to High-Class TradeFORStreet and Evening Gowns,Blouses and SuitsPrivate Shop opened in fourth floor over Embry &Co.'s store, Mr. Brown, an experienced tailor, will havecharge of all tailored work.Outside materials made up until our own stock is received. Your Orders Solicited.,Mrs. PendletonOver Embry & Go.(Take Elevator)tv.V