.V-r nT sr - r- - -'THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARliV,PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1913VOLUME XXXIIwhExamining Trial This Morning.The examining trial of Bert Jacoby,colored, charged with killing GeorgeBrown, also colored, in this city lastThursday night, was called yesterdaymorning in the county court, but owing to the absence of Commonwealthwitnesses a continuance was granteduntil yesterday afternoon at twoo'clock.When the case was called yesterdayafternoon the attorneys for the Commonwealth argued for another continuance on the ground, that other witxiesses for the Commonwealth whosetestimony woujd be of benefit to theprosecution were wanted and that asThere had been but little time in whichto secure them, asked for a further-continuance.Hon. E. M. Dickson, attorney forthe defendant, objected to a iurthercontinuance, which was overruled by-Judge Dundon, who set the case fortrial this morning at ten o'clock.County Attorney George Battertonwill be assistea in the prosecution byAttorney Wade Whitley. A number ofwitnesses on both sides have been summoned. CORONER'S INQUEST.Coroner Rudolph Davis held an inquest Friday afternoon at the courthouse, at which it was testified thatBrown followed Jacaby and drew aknife upon him before he fired theshot The coroner's jury returned averdict to the effect that Brown came"to his death from wounds inflictedjtiv apistol in the hand of Jacoby. 'Thejury was comDosed of F. P. Lowrv, H.M. Collins, W. R. Scott, J. D. Johnson, Bruce Fishback and C. J. Lancaster.Best Tornado Insurance.McCLURE&CLENDENNIN.Home Phone 72; E. T. 235.Good Time Coming."Do you know why I whipped you,my son?" "No, but I was going toask you when I got bigger."Destructive Fire at Austerlitz.Almost every house at the station ofAusterlitz on the Louisville and Nashville railroad about five miles south ofthis city, were burned to the groundyesterday afternoon, which it is said,originated from a spark from an engine of a construct'on train.The fire started in the large warehouse owned by Mr. R. IS. Hutchcraf ,of this citv, a short distance from therailroad track. This building wasrapidly consumed, and a brisk windblowing fanned the blaze in tha direction of the other dwellings. A dwelling adjoining the warehouse which wasalso owned by Mr. Ilutohciaft, wasalso burned.The high wind communicated theflames to the four dwelling housesacross the railroad track, which werethe property of the railroad companyand occupied by members of the section crew. They were reduced toashes in a short time.The residence owned by Mr. Hutchcraffc was occupied by Mr. JamesFuller, who lost 'all of his householdeffects. -Mr. Hutchcraft carried no insurance upon the residence. The barncontained a large number of farmingimplements, none of which were saved.The loss on this building is estimatedat $2,500, upon which the owner carried insurance to the amount of 1,600.The four dwellings owned by therailroad company were valuedat aboutSI, 000 each. The total loss from thefire will reach in the neighborhood of88,000.Eire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Just a Pew of Our $$ . itMany Bargains mI Groceries.iff Call or Phone Us and See Whats) we can save you. iff$ , J iff5E SO lbs, the Best -f (ff MK Granulated Sugar 3 JJ TjE (With a $3.00 Purchase) 5K4!(it Standard Corn, per can 5c iff$ New Orleans Molasses, per gal ". 50c Wjfi 3 boxes Matches, for 10cXS Pork and Beans, regular 10c size 7c iffJ: Fancy Northern Potatoes, per peck 20c JK$fc The time for making Garden is near, and before iffjj? buying your Seed Potatoes and Onion Sets, see our Mfjffo stock We also have D. M. Ferry's package seeds, iff1 T. C. LENIHAIN. 1& Lash Grocery. W'tBoth Phones 234LJClVjtwmmmmmmmmmmmmmMmmmmmmmBmB-mmmwmmmmmmmmm1mSpring HatsBn AH the Latest Stylesand ShapesWwMWIIx ORillThe Price Shirt $1.50iClen's Night Shirts 50c, 75c9 $1Pajamas$1 and $1 .50price, & 60. ciotmersand FurnishersOWNED - - -mPARIS NE8RG ORJohn Jones, Formerly of ThisCity, a Victim of Flood WhichSwept Dayton, O.DOTYS' KELATIVES SAFE.Many Parisians Have Been Unable to Hear From Kin InFlood-Stricken District.That John Jones, colored, formerlyuf this city, wa3 a victim of .the floodwhich swept over the city of Dayton,Ohio, is the belief of his relatives inthis city, one of whom has gone tothat city to identify the body, whichwaB recovered and reported Saturday.Jones left Paris several months agoto make his home in D&yton, where hehad secured employment. Hia relatives here received letters from himregularly until last week. His brother, Chas. Jones, who is 'employed bythe Paris Ice Manufacturing" Co., Attempted to get in communication withhim following the report of the disaster, but was unsuccessful.While living in Paris Jones was fora time employed at the livery stable ofMr. J. U. Boardman. A member ofhis ".family left Paris for that citySunday morning after receiving a telegram to the effect that the hody ofJohn Jones, colored, who' it wasthought" had relatives here, had beenrecovered.Word was received in Paris' Saturdayby Mr. James Doty from his pon, Ru.sell Doty, stating that he and his auntand uncle. Mr. and Mrs, William Mayfield, formerly of Paris, were safe.Dr. F. M. Paries has been unsuccessful in his efforts to communicate withrelatives in Middletown, O., and Mr.P. Nippert, Sr. has been unable to geta word from his son, Mr. George Nippert, who is also in that city.'!1r"WE KNOW HOW"Even WE Admitthat there are more importantthings in the world than havingthe right clothes. We realize that,as the poet says, "A man's a manfor a!Five hundred dollars of the amountraised in this city Friday is now in thehands of Mavor Henry, T. Hunt, ofCincinnati. It was decided yesterdaythat unless the relief committee inCincinnati could find immediate usefor the money, it would be turned overto the Kentucky towns along the OhioRiver. In response to 'a Jong distancemessage yesterday B. A. Frank,chairman of the local relief committee,received the following telegram:Mr. B. A. Frank, Paris, Ky.Draft has been made. We are taking care of Kentucky towns.. ' HENRY T. HUNT.There is a number of former Parisians in Huntington, W. Va.. whichis suffering from the worst flood inyears, Mrs. Samuel Biggs, Mr. J. T.Hinton, Jr., Mr. and Mrs. J. T. AleClintock and Mr. Clyde Huffman, allof whom are said to reside "in theflooded distrcts.The News will continue to receivesubscriptions to the fund. MayorHunt notified Mr. Frank yesterday thathe had drawn on the Paris bank for$500 and thai which remains to thecredit of the local relief committeewill be sent to the relief of theJKentucky towns affected by the flood.Subscriptions will be received at theNews office, tne store of Mayor J. T.Hinton or at Frank & Co.'s.JBut, unfortunately, people WILL judge afellow by the way he looks, and even moreunfortunately, lots of fellows' don't look aswell-dressed as they might. It isn't becausethey don't want to, or because they don'ttry, it's because they don't know how orwhere to get garments that will bring outthe best of them and hide the worst ofthem.We don't say that we CAN, because itwouldn't be modest, but we're morally surethat we MIGHT show you a suit that wouldcause the first friend you met to congratulate you on your improved appearance.COME and SEE.y'Mitchell & Blakernore9Outfitters to MienParis, KentuckyI IASA MM m'M' JBHMM 'SfSk' (MMMMIMWi mimmi W ifliililf JUiS -$$(!Cj ivrji s lib 1 1 1 1 1 1 n i m 1 1 1 1 - ixt Li3 1 rxii 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ii 1 1 1 1 1 u 1 1 1 ii 1 1 1 1 1 ! 1 1 1 1 ii h 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 n i r M n ! II 1 1 1 1 1 H II 1 1 1! 1TI 1 1 1 1 1 U M ! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ( 1 1 1 H 1 1 1 1 II ii r n 1 )gcf1FRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.New Line of Shirtst The Celebrated Fountain Shirt, Mc$t$1.00RELATES HARROWINGSTOKY.That the suffering of the victims oftheOhio floods were in no way exaggerated in the new&pajer account andthat the devastation wrought by thedestructive waters is greater than ispossible for the mind to conceive isevidenced by the stories told of thedisaster by Mr. P. L. Jameson, of thiscity, who returned Saturday fromHamilton, Ohio, where he went to seeto the safety of his aunt.'Mrs. GeorgeMyers, a resident of that city, whoescaped the flood.The city, according to Mr. Jamesonpresents a scene of desolation. Thesuffering of those who escaped fromthe waters is appalling, notwithstanding the efforts of the outside world torender them assistance.Mr. Jameson wsnt to Cincinnati Friday and was compelled to get the permission of Mayor Hunt before he wasallowed to proceed to Hamilton on apassenger train."The scenes in Hamilton are heartrending," said Mr. Jameson. "Thetown which two weeks ago stood as amonument to the industry and thrift ofthe people of the northern-city, is amass of debris Practically everyresidence and business house of thecity was destroyed by the flood whichswept over it. Only a few of themost substantial are now standing."Thrilling stories of miraculousescapes are told by thosa who werefortunate enough to get beyond theline of danger, and one must visit theplace to get a fair idea of the sufferingwhich the inhabitants even at thistime are endurine. The town is a seaof mud. whichetands in the street at adepth of one and two feet. People whowere rendered homeless are cookine:what little provisions they can securein the streets. There is a greai. shortage of fuel and little kerosene can besecured for'light. In a number ot instances where fuel could not be secured to cook meats which were shippedto ihe sufferers, it was devoured by thehungry thrones wilhout cooking."One cannot refuse the appeals formoney of the sufferers, Who clingclosely to all incoming trains andplead with the few passengers for aid.Pitable- sights are witnessed at everyturn; men who were in the moat comfortable circumstances, have had theirfortunes sweptaway. I wag impressedAnnounce' Splendid Showing' OfNewest Spring Styles i3 InLadies' and MissesSuits, Dresses and WrapsWash Dresses for Ladies' Misses'and Children. A Complete Stock of Dress Goods, Wash Goods, SilksLinens, Ratines and Furnishings of All KindsCome in and Take a Look Around YouAre Always Welcome!1 1 FRANK & C.. I& 1 -A Htuii niiwiMiiirMitfnroiiiiiifofofofommKmmmmwmwmmumnmmmmmamxS19lliiltdidtn(Continued on Page'4)THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 1 1913pWe just want to say that our newSpring Shoes Are Here.We are showing the smartest styles in Patents, DullLeathers and Cloth Shoes. Your Easter Costumewill not be complete without a pair. Come in andbe fitted with a pair of the season's latest.GEO. iVlcWILLIAMS,8 PhcmmPhones 301BourbonwwwwD4VIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.(USiisBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.. BOTH'PHONES DAY137; NIGHT 399.Baldwin Bros!Try OurCountry ClubLayer CakesChocolate Caramel,White andRibbonXtfSc, Two for 25c'Also Huhig'sfamous Pics, 15c.in Bros.BaldwrrrrTTTrranMMiiyiin.M;InSpringThe Shoe fVf anJrpceLaundryeftkWWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo- fine work and itdever goes brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeINWANTEDSalesmen to look after our interestsin Bourbon and adjacent 'counties.Salary or commission. Address TheHarvey Oil Co., Cleveland, 0.M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.First-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto All.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYour Patronage.Trees Trees TreesFruit and Ornamentals, Strawberries, Shrubs, Hedging, Grapes, Asparagus, Rheubarb, Roses, Peonies,Phiox, etc.Everything for Orchard, Lawn andGarden. No Agents.H. F. HILLENMEYBR & SONS,Lexington, Ky.HE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheacn suosequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space : a newspaper's stock intr&d. its source of revenue.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR STATE SENATOR.Hon. J. Will ICIay announces" as acandidate for State Senator for this,the Twenty-Eight Senatorial District,composed of Bourbon, Clark and;Montgomery. Subject to the Democraticprimary August 2.FOR POLICE CHIEF.We are authorized to announce J. C.Elgin, Sr., as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Chief ofPolice of the city of Pans, subject tothe Democratic prirmrv, August 2.1913.We are authorized to announce W. F.Link as a candidate for Democraticnomination for Chief of Police of thecity of Paris, subject to the Democratic primary August 2.We are authorized to announce BenBishop as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Cnief of Policeof the city of Paris, subject to theDemocratic primary August 2.We are authorized to announce Geo.M. Hill as a candidate for the nomination for the office of Chief of Police ofthe City of Paris, subject to the actionof the Democratic Dnmary, August 2,1913.We are authorized to announce Geo.W. Judy as a candidate for the nomination of the office of Chief of Policeof the city of Paris, subject to theaction of the Democratic primary,August 2, 1913.FOR JAILER.We are authorized to announce Joseph Farris as a candidate for thenomination of Jailer of Bourooncounty, subject to the action of theDemocratic primary Augpst 2, 1913.FOR COUNTY CLERK.We are authorized to announce J.Walter Payne as a candidate for thenomination for the office of CountyClerk of Bourbon county, subject tothe action of the Democratic primaryAugust 2, 1913.We are authorized to announce Mr.Pearce Paton as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Clerk ofBourbon county, subject to the actionof the Democratic primary August 2,1913.FOR COMMONWEALTHS' ATTORNEY. Victor A. Bradley announces as acandidate for Commonwealth's Attorney for this, the 14th Judicial District,composed of the counties of Scott,Franklin, Bourbon and Woodford, tofill out the unexpired term caused bythe resignation of Robert B. Franklin,subject to the action of the Democraticprimary. August 2.FOR POLICE JUDGE.We are authorized to'announce R. S.Porter as a candidate for the nomination for the office of Police Judge ofParis, subject to action of Tthe Demo-cratic primary August 2, 1913.We are authorized to announce Lafayette Grinnan as a candidate forthe nomination for !the office of Police Judge of the citv of Paris, subject to tbe action of the Democraticprimary August 2, 1913.We are authorized to announce E. B.January as a candidate for the nom'ination for the office of Police Judgeof the city of Paris, subject to theaction of the Democratic primary August 2. 1913.We are authorized to announce Thos.J. Hdlliday as a candidate for the nomination for the office of Police Judgeof the city ot Paris, subject to the action of the Democratic primary, August 2, 1913.Bishop Not Qualified.Comments by the bishop of London(Dr. Ingram) on the falling birth-ratewere quoted by counsel in a case inthe Clerkenwell county court, whenJudge Cluer remarked: "What has thebishop to do with it? He is not married. Example is better than precept." Beans on a Stick.Little Ethel was only four years old,and her mother was spending the daywith a friend who had corn boiled onthe cob on the table when dinner wasserved. Little Ethel had never eatencorn cooked "this way before, but wasvery fond of it, and when she had carefully eaten every grain of corn fromthe cob, she passed the cob to thewaiter and said, "Please mam put'some beans on my stick.'PASTOR TO BE UNDERTAKEDr. Leavltt of San Francisco Say HfftWill Try to Dispel Some of theGloom of Death.San Francisco, Cal. Rev. Dr. Bradford Leavitt, one of the best knownclergymen of San Francisco, has resigned his pastorate of the First Unitarian church of this city to becomean undertaker. Doctor Leavitt madethis announcement, saying he hadbeen compelled to abandon the ministry on account of weakness of theeyes, and that he was entering the undertaking profession in the hope of"dispelling its atmosphere of superstition and gloom, which we have inherited from the heartless and sometimesheathen methods and ideas of thepast."In a letter addressed to his congregation he explained in detail his reasons for the change."There is something barbaric in ourmethods of dealing with death," saidDoctor Leavitt. "The Chinese are farmore civilized in this. I am averse 'the darkening of houses, the pullingdown of blinds and the general morbid atmosphere that is affected in ahouse stricken by death. We knowthere is no cause for mourning. Thereis a glory in death that we cloud byabhorrent formalities, which may beeasily avoided without diminishing the'dignity and the solemnity of funeralrites. And above all, it is somethingthat can be altered by very little effort" VINTAGE OF 1912' ABUNDANTYear Just Ended to Rank High in Red-Letter Annals of the Trade inFrance and Algeria.Paris. The vintage of 1912 inFrance and Algeria, according to reports just issued, is much superior tothat of 1911, both in quantity and quality. The wine of 1911 was very inferior, due to the lack of warmth during the late summer and autumn. Atthe beginning of the present seasonwine growers predicted an excellentcrop of grapes, and their predictionsseem to have been well founded.The vintage of 1912 amounted to59,339,035 hectoliters. Algeria produced 6,671,181 hectoliters. Addingthe stock left over from 1911 in bothFrance and Algeria, a total of 67,670,C44 hectoliters is reached. The 1911vintage was only 55,162,730 hectoliters.In the 89 departments of Francethere are only nine in which there areno vineyards. They are the Calvados,Cotes du Nord, Finistere, Manche,Nord, Orne, Pas de Calais, Seine Inferience and the Somna. Several others, it is true, had but small crops.The department which leads all theothers is the Herault, in the Midi, producing 14,064,907 hectoliters. TheAude, a neighboring "department,comes next, with 5,265,562 hectoliters.Thus 1912 like 1904 or 1900, is likely to become one of the red-letteryears for wine.MAN BARKS FOR 27 YEARSNervous Affliction ResultsBeing Hit by Bat at aGame,FromBallHisPhiladelphia. Frederick Saundersof Shamokin, Pa., was brought to theMedico-Chirurgical hospital here to becured of a nervous trouble that fortwenty-seven years has caused him tobark and yelp like a dog and paw theground with his feet. He otherwise issane.Sauriders was stricken when sevenyears old. Like most boys he had amania for baseball. One day when"Jack" Stivetts, once a famous pitcher with the Boston Nationals, wasplaying in a game at Ashland, Pa., theImt slipped from Stivetts' hands. Itstruck Saunders on the left eye,knocking him unconscious. When herevived several minutes later hestarted to bark and yelp like a dogand speak with convulsive movementsand never has recovered.Saunders talks in soft tones. Suddenly, however, his voice will breakinto a series of barks and yelps, hisfeet pawing the ground. When theattacks, which occur every few minutes, are over he continues his conversation where it was broken off."THIEF," IN HOUSE, SNORESSt. 'Paul Doctor Captures an IntruderWho Goes to Sleep in WrongDomicile.St. Paul, Minn. Snatching a revolver from beneath his pillow, Dr. E.Ernst Munns crept stealthily downthe stairs at his home determined tobattle in the darkness with a burglar.A short silence was followed by aheavy thud."I've got him, dear! Call the police!" shouted Munns to his wife.The police found Munns holdinghis victim with a half-nelson. 'The "burglar" snored aloud andwhen awakened and arrested on acharge of intoxication, he explainedthat he had wandered into the wronghouse.i,DUKE GONE WITH DANCERYoungest Son of Vladimir LeavesRussia and Takes Imperial Ballerina to Wed Her.Berlin. A newmesalliance is threatened in the Russian imperial house.The Grand Duke Andreas Vladimirovich, the youngest son of the GrandDuke Vladimir, has left Russia accompanied by the ballerina, Marie Keschiss Inskaya of the Imperial theater,a celebrated beauty, in order to marryher abroad. .Keeping the Body in RepairNature intended thai ihe-body should do its ownrepairing and iv would do so were it not for thefact thai most of us live other than a natural life.Nature didn't intend that we should wear corsets, tight collars orehoes, nor live in badly ventilated and draughty houses, nor eat anddrink some of the things that we do, nor ride in street cars when we should walk.The consequence is that the body when it gets out of order must look for outside help to make the necessary repairs.For weakstomachs and the indigestion or dyspepsia resulting, and the multitudeof diseases fallowing .nerefrom, no medicine can he more adaptable as a curativeagent than DR. PIERCE'S GOLDEN MEDICAI DISCOVERY.Thi3 famous Doctor's prescription has been recommended for over 40 years,and is today just as Dig a success. .Restores a healthy appetite. Cleansesthe blood.Strengthens the nerves. Regulates stomach and liver. Demand the original.r. Pierce's Golden Bledlcal DiscoverySold 5zi liquid or TabSe4 f orm by Scalers in MedicinesSend 31 one-cent stamps to pay cost of milliner only on a free copy of Dr. Pierce3 Common Senso Medical Adviser, 1008 pages, clothbound. Address Dr. Pierce, Buffalo,- N. Y.922QQgjiq52U Need it in YourBusiness"FORDodson & DentonQSSSiQSSsiXSsrtPg,ASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works forhim. He will reply:1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and send ''to-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.M Og I HBWTwin BCorner Seventh and Main Sts. "Make Yourself Look Pretty inOur StylishLADIES', MISSES'S AND CHILDREN'SSPRING MILLINERYLadies' and Misses' Suits, Dresses,Skirts, Waists, Oxfords.See Our Great Display of Novelties in Silks, Dress Goods,Drygoods, Laces, Etc.Pictoral Patterns Buster Brown Hosiery W. B. CorsetsTWIN BROS.' DEPARTMENT STORE.Instead ofWoodShinlesor51afp$.i;n ii'ici-'ftinii'iCi'f 1 TV ? tiSl "fL V.I V f-fltjff-z-- it' Allvcwyy vflsvtex2h:c, ipylikegreat.I besides they arc inexpensive andForBest & Hawkins,m1SALE BYmios. Depanmeni sfoie- BCORTRIGHTMetal SJjingles1The roofing that lasts as lone asthe building and never needsrepairs.They wont bum, crack, curl or rotwood shingles, nor have they theweight or brittleness of stone slate ;look better than either.Sale by5jwk&Millersbun?, Ky,4s,T!Hi. & ili fcfcr ..Vt-ir-MfcJf -iTa,:iJ1j'ijifcTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 1, 1913."Roxie" Davis !Cbe Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning ::::::::,:Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give'OId "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137typewritersRebuilt CiRe Rewiss.tRemington 6, $23 -SmithPremier 2,f$23Remington 10, $40(Latest Model)Smith Premier 10, $40(Latest Model)Monarch, $40Underwood 4, $40 -Underwood5, $45Oliver 3, $40Oliver 5, $50L C Smith & Bro., $35We Handle Carbon Paper Ribbons forall Makes.We Repair Typewriters.We have the Largest Stock in the U. S.The Joseph Candioto Co.149-151 N. BroadwayLexington, KentuckyFor SaleA black horse ; will work anywhere.Either phone.E. M. WHEELER.7 tf Eighth and Main.NOTICEAll parties having accounts acainstMrs. Carrie Hornsey, deceased, willplease present same to me at oncefor payment.7 4t N. KRIENER.For Sale PrivatelyState of Ohio, city of Toledo..Lucas conty.Frank J. Cheney makes oath that heis senior partner of the firm of F. J.Cheney & Co., doing business in theCity of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that paid firm will Daythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J: CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence this 6th day of December, A. D. 1886.A. W. GLEASON.Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO..Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all druggists. 75 cents.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Dr. King's New Discovery.' Soothes irritated throat and lungs,stops chronic and haSking cough, reHpvps tiflklinc throat. tastPH nice.Take no other; once used always used.Buy it at Oberdorfer's.Are You a Cold SuffererTake Dr. King's New Discovery.theBest cough, cold, throat and lung medfcine made. Money refunded if itfails to cure you. Do not hesitatetake it at our risk. First dose helps.J. R. Wells. Floydada.Texas. writes:"Dr. King's New Discoveiy cured myterrible cough and cold. I gained 15pounds." Buy it at Oberdorfer's.The SanitaryShop!With all the latest devicesinstalled in my shop to makeit absolutely sanitary andclean, including a PatentTowel Sterlizer, IndividualCups, Soap, etc., believe wehave the most modern shopin Paris. We have just installed a new Porcelain Tuband an up-to-date Bathroom.Hot water at all times. ThreeBarbers, all experts. Wewould like to have yourtrade. I take this method ofsoliciting it. Is there a reason why we should not receive it? Respectfully,Russ Corbin.One mahogany bookcase, FrincesBdresser, an oak rocker and pedestal,one handsome pair lace curtains.MRS. RUDOLPH DAVIS.'.Public SaleOP-Bank Stock!We offer stock for "sale in the Agricultural Bank, Paris. Ky., in .five ., sharelots onMonday, April 7th,county court day, at 11 o'clock a.m.in front of the court house door.SECURITY TRUST CO..Lexington. Ky.per F!cent, wo to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheapside. Lexington, Ky.zSfeREXLigiiiB Poultry Remedy 25c"Saves the Sick"For Gapea, While Diariheoa. Roup,I,imberneck and all Poultrydiseases. No Cure NoPay, It works whilethey roost.DGY Liquid Lice11-,V Killer 25c.Has no "equal" as alice, mitand germ killer. Best wash for allsores and cuts on allstock. Finest disinfectant for houe, stable.dog kennel and hen house. BY MAIL zoc.THE REX CHEMICAL CO., Newport, Ky.SOLD BYQ-i&Sl?-.Varden & Son, L. A. Soper, Little Rock,D. E. Clark & Co., Millersburg, Ky.(tollof June)111 I WETMWT"!ROMANBONES FOUNDGraveyard of Twentieth Leg'ronExhumed at Chester, Eng.Much Easier to See.OWimuch more detestable a faultappears when we can trace it to someone whose position in life we envyPuck.Riches in Poverty.How slight a thing is poverty; whatriches, nay treasures untold, a manmay possess in the midst of it, if hedoes but seek them aright. Coleridge.New Berry in Demand.The loganberry, a hybrid of theblackberry and raspberry, is said tomake the finest of jellies, jams andpies, introduced a few years ago inthe west, its popularity has beensteadily increasing, and the demandnow outruns the supply. WesternOregon and Washington are thegreatest producers of the new berry.First One Brave Enough. ,If the case of the juror who askedthe court whether he had to listen to"this rot," meaning the attorneys' arguments, is the first on record, it isnot because countless jjurors beforehim did not want to ask the question.Detroit News-Tribune.And Few Flower Bills to Pay."I've got a date with a pretty girl,"proudly announced young Flip to hisofiice mtes. "That's nothing," returnedold Codger, holding up a handsomenew calendar, "I've got 365 dates witha pretty glxh0Bronze Coins of the Emperors An-tonius, Pius and CommodusAre Found With theRemains.London. The extension of the infirmary at Chester has led to the discovery of the graveyard used by thetwentieth legion of the Romans duringtheir occupation of that city.The Chester infirmary occupies asite which is locally referred to asthe "plague field." The site seems tohave acquired its unsavory name fromthe fact that casual discoveries of human remains had led to the supposition that they were the victims ofthe great plague.The recent unearthing of remains inlarger numbers on the site of the extension of the infirmary led to an investigation by Prof. Robert Newstead,who now reports that the evidenceproves conclusively that the infirmaryfield was not used as a burying groundduring the outbreak of the plague, andthat all the burials which have beenso far unearthed belong to the Roman period.Four distinct types of graves havebeen uncovered. One is a tomb formedof local sandstone, evidently representing a burial of some importance,as the walls of the tomb are coveredIn plaster, and the dome of the structure originally stood out in-markedcontrast to the surrounding surface ofthe land, forming a distinct tumulus.Some of the graves were formed byplacing Roman roofing tiles bearingthe stamp of the twentieth legion uponthe floor and also at the sides, thelegionary stamps always facing inward. Another type of burial was formedby placing rough hewn sandstone sothat a V-shaped trough was formedfor the reception of the body. Afourth type of grave consists of a simple trench, dug in the solid clay at adepth of not more than two feet "fromthe original land surface.The Roman origin of the graves isborne out by the fact that bronzecoins of the Emperors Antonius, Piusand Commodus have been found inthem. Such coins were placed usually in the mouth of the deceased, andare generally referred to as "Charon'spassage fare," to expedite the passageof the soul across the Styx, as it wasbelieved that the person who had notreceived the usual rites of burial andin whose mouth no fee for the ferryman of the Stygian lake had beenplaced, would wander hopelessly onMts banks, while a decent intermentand a small coin would obviate anydisagreeable inquiries that Charonmight else be inclined to make.U dc N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT DECEMBER 8, 1912HUSBAND RESCUEDDESPAIRING WIFENo.34134297104037312332625913838539"3083231Trains -ArrrveTPROATAtlanta Ga., Daily 5.21 amLexington. Ky., Daily '. : 5.18amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ". 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Dnily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday - 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amOynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.33 pmKnoxville: Tenn.. Daily ., 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily. .' .. .5.40 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.55 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,15 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.18 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrails IDe-partAfter Four Years of DiscouragingConditions, Mrs. Bullock GaveUp in Despair. HusbandCame to Rescue.Catron, Ky. In an interesting letterfrom this place, Mrs. Bettie Bullockwrites as follows : "I suffered for fouryears, with womanly troubles, and duringthis time, I could only sit up for a little:while, and could not walk anywhere attil. At times, I would have severe painsin my left side.The doctor was called in, and his treatment relieved me for a while, butl wassoon confined to my bed again. .Afterfiat, xwthiag'seemed to do me any good.I had gotten so weak I could not stand,and I gave up in despair.At last, my husband got me a bottle ofCardui, the woman's tonic, and I commenced taking it. From the very firstdose, I could tell it was helping me. Ican now walk two miles without utstiring me, and am doing all my work."If you are all run down from womanlytroubles, don't give up in despair. TryCardui, the woman's tonic. It has helpedmore than a million women, in its 50years of continuous success, and shouldsurely help you, too. Your druggist hassold Cardui for years. He knows whatit will do. Ask him. He will recommend it Begin taking Cardui today.Write to: Chattanooca Medicine Co., LadiesAdvisory Dept., Chattanooga, Tenn., for SpecialInstructions en your case and 64-paee book. ' HomeTreatment fw Women," sent in plain wrapper. IffNo.84429401013737331336262538 Cincinnati, O., Daily 39 Rowland. Kv.. Dailv Exnent Snndav r39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday .'....' .'.'... 632 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday o30 Oynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday ' .6,31 Lexington, K. , Daily .10,13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily '. ...'..'. !lo!TOCincinnati. O. , Daily gMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday &Lexington, Ky., Daily . .9Knoxville, Tenn., Daily ........'....'. .9Jacksonville, Fla. , Daily '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. .10,Lexington, Ky., Daily ' . . ...'" 10Maysville, K., Daily 12.Oynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12-Lexington, jtvy. , uauy .cixcepu ounaay 3,28 am35 am.47 am,20 anc.20 am.57 am.55 am,24 am29 am05 pm.04 amS3 pm40 pmoz pm07 run,23 pm.20 pm.35 pm.55 pm.57 pmfflfromnnfifmnsJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!3v" ."(Tsw.2vaff?1TRE J9B R0OfflS' OfTHEBORB0NNews-,'aAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such as-iBILLHEADS.yLETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.-KTJIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains , .A.rrrveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except.Sunda 8 13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday " 30 pm5 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday m . .5.50 pmTrains Depart!No. TO ' '7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday. , . .-,. .'. ...;., 7 43am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday ; 9 53 am131 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunday. .... ;,. , ; . .V-wV;.',.' ; ; .555 r,m. . .-:'' V;' M-'-'Let us figure with ypu onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.ZU Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year forI . $2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.mmmmm1HL BOURBON jNtfJ iih,BimBmmumBHIIMmitfHHMI A Great Opportuniy For BuyingI Silks at a Low Price IWe bought from an Easterm manufacturer a collection of Fancy Silks suitable for one-piece Dresses, Evening Gowns, Waists, House Dresses and Trimming purposes. They are all 24 inches in width of a varied assortment of shades, also in many different designs, principally stripes, floral designs, geometrical designs. Theseare Silks which would retail at $1.00 per yard we willgive you choice of about 2,000 yards, at per yard9cOwing to the very low price and the impossibility torecord on these, no samples will be cut nor can they betaken on approval or brought back for exchange. Theywill go so fast that only outright sales of these will bemade: This sale of Silks will continue until this collection is sold out entirely. We would. urge an early call tosecure good selections.!m.co..Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co,Lexington,s.- SolvedI When you buy a Goodyear Tirewe guarantee it. If it does notI run the guaranteed miles wegive you adjustments on them.We Make the adjustments onI your word. .There is no delayIW Ctrl. lULUgfactory, we give you a new onethe day you bring the old oneback. Goodyear Tires are 10per cent over size. We carryall sizes in stockGOODYEAR TIRES AREBEST BY TESTYerkes & Prichard,Paris, KentuckyJLIKentuckyJ,XKJ1. Ull UP VVJGrass Seed Raked Into ManyBeds.Reports were received in Hendersonfrom" various sections of the countythat a number of tobacco plant bedshad been sown in grass seed andthoroughly raked. Tobacco had already been planted in these beds, andthis operation by unkown parties willserveto put the tobacco plants out ofbusiness. On the Bob Trigg farm nearCorydon 30 beds in all were sown ingrass seed, and cayenne pepper wassprinkled about to keep bloodhoundsoff the trail of the perpetrators. Someof those affected were members of theassociation and aome were not. About30 tobacco growers were the victimsof this vandalism.Real Estate TransfersThe following real estate transfershave been made in the past few days :George Rankin to John M. Tray lor,two lots in Ruddles Mills, $400.C. V. Higgins to W. S. Kiser, houseand lot in Paris, SI.Henry . Ingles to Martha rCo1Iier,tract of five acres near Paris, $1,632.K I.,Richie to II. S. flCaywood andothers, 123 acres ot land in Bourboncounty, $7,478.40.Sallie Grimes Dawson to Mary E.Gonneli. 1-6 undivided interest inhouse and lot in Paris, $600.fjord an Gonway to Simon Gilaspie,lot in Millersburg, $125.nursery Stock forI offer for sale in variety to coverthe season of ripening a general lineof fruit stocks at the following prices :Pear, plum, cherry, quince, apricotand nectarine trees at 25 cents each, 10for $2.25, 100 for $17.50.Apple, 20 cents each, 10, $1.75, 100for $15.Peach, 15 cents each, 10 for $1.25,100 for $10.Grapes, currants and gooseberries,extra strong rooted, 2 and 3 yearDlants. each 25 cents, 10 for $2, 100 for$12.50.Medium 2 year, each 15 cents. 10 for$1. 100 for $7.50.One year plants each 10 cents, 10 for75 cents, 100 for $5.Blackberries, dewberries and raspben ies 10 for 50 cents, 25 for 75 cents,100 for $1.50.Strawberry plants per 100 35 cents,1,000 for $2.50, 10,000 for $22.50.Sweet potato and cabbage plants per100 25 cents, 1,000 for $2, and 5,000for $7.50.These are the prices at the nursery but all orders to amount of $10 ormore will deliver them freight paid toany railroad station.Descriptive catalog on application.At like reasonable prices will furnish any other class of goods to befound in nurseries or green houses.Cash or satisfactory bank referercesto be sent with all orders.H. C. OGLE, Sr.UUlIlU XX J JLJ.XIJPARIS NEGRO DROWNED.(Continuad from Page 1)by the sight of an aged woman Scantily cladj- suffering with i.lness andhunger begging another for a piece ofapple which she was ravenuusly devouring. The sights are enough tomake one close their eves in horrorand beyond the power of pen or words ito depict."Mr. Rav Clark, of this city, wholeft Paris several days ago with a carload of fancy driving horses belongingto Mr. John Patterson, president ofthe National Cash Reiester Co , ofDayton, O., was detained in Cincinnation account of the floods, and fortunately escaDed being in the strickencity. Mr. Clark retured to Paris Friday , L LWith the Ohio River at the highestpoint since the memorable flood of1884, Kentucky towns are experiencingone of the ereatest. floods in history.Appeals are being Bent out all over thecountry for relief from Ohio, Kentuckyand Indiana townsTho waters overflowed the walls atLawrenceburg, Ind., Saturday, floodingthe city, and "doing damage to the extent of hundreds of thousands of dollars. Cincinnati and Kentucky toy nsacross the river are in the clutches ofthe Ohio. . Covington, Newport, Dayton and other cities are partly inundated. The river has reached a high pointat Cairo, 1.K and it is expected tobreak over the walls at any time.Louisville is buffering one of thegreates floods in history. The waterhas reached a high stage and a portion of the city is under water.. Reports are to the effect that Ashlandand Catlettsburg are suffering to agreat extant from the high water.Both cities are cut off from the outsideworld and at the last moment an appeal was sent out for ass;stance. Winchester and Lexington were asked toaid Sunday.Maysville is practtically inundated,the water running through all of theprincipal streets. Sunday afternoonthe water reached the Louisville andNashville depot. The railroad tracksof both the C. and O. and L. and N.are covered with water, and the business district flooded.MAYSVILLE UNDER WATER.The Ohio River at Maysville hasgone beyond the record stage of 1884.Half of this city is under water and allthe mills, factories, street railways,the C. and O. Railway and the L. andN. Railway have been nut out of commission. Fire destroyed a thousand dollardwelling Saturday morning. An autoAre engine was unable to reach thestructure through the water. Six hundred houses are now submerged. TheAmerican Tobacco Company has onethousand hogsheads of tobacco, overone million pounds, damaged by waterin their big plant. There is no way tomove'the tobacco as the waterentirelysurrounds their buildings.LICKING BREAKS RECORD.The Licking River has broken allrecords and Saturday was six incheshigher than ever before. Milltown,Upper Blue LiVk Springs. 'Sherburneand other places up the river reportthat many buildings are flooded. AtParks Ferry, Pleasant Valley, Abner'sMills, Blue Lick Springs and otherpoints further down the river manybildings were flooded and buusiness isat a standstill in all these towns. Thewaters of the river extended fromMyers on the south to PleasantValleyon the north, forming a great seanearly three miles across.L. N. Maysville's Only Outlet.The Louisville and Nashville railroadis the only outlet the city of Maysvillehas at the present time. Althoughthe tracks at that place are partly Fun-der water, passenger traffic is beingadmirably handled. A special traincarrying a number of flat cars was runout of this city Saturday night andplaced across the bridge a short distanco from the depot and passengerswere transferred from the trains dvmeans of this improvised bridge.Sunday afternoon the water waswithin a few inches of the top of thecars. Passengers from Cincinnati arecompelled to pass through Paris owing to the tracks of the C. and O. atMavsville and along the river beingcovered with water. A large numberfrom this citv went to Maysville Sundayjto view the high water and yesterday C. and O. freight trains were runover the lines of the L. and N.FoundComhs you can't break. Any combbroken wili be replaced by a new onefree.OBERDORFER,The Druggist.Tornado Insurance.Thomas & Woodford.Morgan Dies on Foreign Trip.J. P. Morgan died yesterday in Romeat 6:05 a. m., New York time, whileon a foreign triD.Coincident with the news of Mr..Morgan's death, it became known thathe had sustained a serious attackwhile in New York before his departure for Europe, but had recovered sorapidly that it was not considered aforerunner of a fatal illness.For manv years Mr. Morgan hadspent a considerable portion of histime abroad.Secretary ol War PassesThrough Paris.Secretary of War Garrison passedthrough Paris enroute to Dayton, O.,Friday, after a perilous journey overthe Chesapeake and Ohio lailroad.After crossing the Big Sandy Riverfrom Kenova, W. Va., in Catlettsburg.Ky., the train plowed its way for twomiles over tracks under three or fourfeet of water. Throughout the triDthe water dashed against the side ofthe cars and there was constant dager of extinction of the boiler fires,the greater danger ot an explosion andalso spreading rails. The special cameby way of Winchester and was delayedby reason of high water.A special train carrying Major General Wood passed through Paris Saturday enroute to-Ashland, where he wentto assume charge of the flood situation in that city.RELIEF FUNDJS RAISED.Paris Citizens Respond Nobly toNews' Appeal to Render Assistance to Flood Sufferers.MORE THAN $500 RAISED.This Sum Sent to Cincinnati'sMayor Remainder Goes toKentucky Towns.Citizens of Paris responded liberallyto the appeal of the News, made Friday morning, for funds to aid the floodsufferers in Ohio, and the result wasthat during the day a sum of moiethan $500 was raised for the purpose.lhe amount was placed in a localbank, and will be drawn UDon by Mayor Hunt, of Cincinnati, as soon as it isneeded.It was the original intention to secure money with which to purchase acarload of provisions to send to Dayton, but advice received from MayorHunt was to the'effect that orovisionswere pouring in rapidly and "from thefact that the government had Dractically taken this part of the relief worka hand, there was no further need forprovisions and money was mostlyneeded.Friday a committee visited all ofthe business men in ihe city ana theappeal for funds met with a readv response. Many liberal donations 'weremade and out of nearly one hundredpeople to whom the subscription Daperwas presented there were very few refusals. The donations ranged fromfifty cents to twenty-five dollars.Paris people are always ready tolend a willing hand to others in distress, as is attested by the list of subscriptions which is published below :B. A. Frank $25.00J. T. Hinton . 25.00Bourbon Lodge No. 25, 1.O.O.F. . 25.00Miss Margaret Terry 10.00January & Connell 10.00Bourbon News 10.00Geo. Alexander 10.00Jas. McClure 10.00J. W. Davis 10.C0F. P. Walker 2.50H. A. Power.' 10.00Catesby Spears 10.00J. F. Weatherall.'. 2.00Ford & Co lo.OOW. B. Allen 5.00Geo. W. Wyatt -. 5.00A. F. Wheeler & Co 10.00Bourbon Horse Goods Co 2.00Chas. E. Butler 5.00H. S. Struby 2.00J. A. Wilson -3.00Wm. Sauer - 1.00John Sauer 5.00Lowry & Talbott 5.00A. J. Winters 5.00H.M. Collins & Co 2.00M. B, Jackson 1.00Posner Bros 5.00C. Ashurst 1.00L. R. Rogers 1.00( '.. N. Peddicord 5.00Wm. Shire 5.00Ed Slattery 2.00Bennie Weissberg .' 2. 00Daugherty Bros 2.00Stuart & O'Brien 2.50B.Woodford 5 00W. H. McMillan 5.00Price & Co 2.50Thos. Kiser 1.00Frank Kiser 1.00Kerslake & Son 5.00W. Ed Tucker 5.00Mrs. J. A. Lyle 2.C0C. K. Thomas 2.50John J. McClintock 1.00Clarke & Co 1.00C. B. Mitchell 5.00N. Kriener 5.00Cash 1.00M. A. Oahal 1.00C. A. Clay 5.OOHatfield Bappert 5.00Logan Howard 2.00B. Friedman 1.00J. A. Stern 1.00Dr. J. T. Brown 1.00Adami & Santi 1.00Geo. McWilliams 1.00Cash ;. 2 CODickey & McShane 5.00J. Elvove 2.00Joe Grosche 2.00H. Simon 10.00Mrs. M. Paton 1.00R. B. Moss 1.00John Christman . . .. 5.00Mitchell & Blakemore . 5.00Thompson Tarr 5.00J. A. Revell 2.00Jos. M. Hall 5.00R. K. McCarney " 3.00John Kriener 1.00Paris Ice Co 10.00H. Margolen v. . 2.50G. K. Jones 1.0OS. Atlas & Sons .! 1.00Baldwin Bros '. ... 2.00C S. Goldstein 1.00D. S. Henry 3.00Harris& Speakes - 5.00G. N. Curry LOOM. L. Woods 1.00F. M. Wood, colored. . 2.00J. C, Gatewood, colored '.... 1.00A. P. Lemaster : . . 1.50James Connelly 1.00T. C. Lenihan 1.00C. P. Cook 5.00T. F. Roche 2.00A. S. Lyons 5.00Carl Musser 1.00L. Oberdorfer 5.00J. E. Craven 1.00W. H. Anderson 5.00Louis Saloshin 5.00Frank Fithian 1.00John Connell .' 1.00John Merringer 1.00Joe Josselson 5.00J. B. Keller 1.00Miss Winnie and Lou Willia"ms. ." 1.00Mrs. W. E. Simms 5.00Mrs. Jno. Stuart 1.00Ed Brown 1.00Ford Brent 10.00Miss Anna May Davis 5.00Jas. Thompson 10.00Dr. Faries 2.00PearcePaton 2.00S. L. Weathers LOOW. R. Scott 1.00C, L. Kennev 'l.OOPete Cain 1.00Ed Prichard 1.00W. A. Grimes 1.00Mrs. C. W Baird ,. 2.00G. W. Ellis r 1.00M.J. Lavin. 2.00George Deitsrman r 1.00I H. L. Clarke: ,.. 1.00M. Flanagan 5.00".Geo. Doyle .- 1.00-Baird &Taylor. . . 2.0J.J.Ellis ;..-. LOTJohn Johnson .".... 10.00Cash '. . :. . . 1,00Mrs. Robt. Lusk & . ;- 3.00 ,L. Wollstein - LOODr. M. H. Dailey- 1.0O-'H. B. Fithian .. 1.0OGrand Denton LOO"Tots" Paris 50Leer Stout l.OOMrs. Arthur Hancock 5.00Masonic Lodge .' 5.00'Knights Templar Commandery.. 25.00Minerva Bedford, colored 1.00Alfred Bedford, colored 2.0OTHEATRICAL.Lyman 13. Howe's Travel Festivarwhich comes lo,the Paris Grand Thursday, April 10, by reason of its uniquecharacter, its artistic.beauty and appeal to the intelligence exactly meetsthe demand of the most discriminating:amusement patron. It is well knownthat Mr. Howe's picture "speaklouder than words" and more eloquently. Surely, too. they are moreprofitable than words because impressions received through the eye areclearer and make a more direct anchenduring appeal to the mind than thosereceived through the ear. With thefact indisputable that the picture ismightier than lhe word and penetrates deeDer, it is no exaggeration toclaim that an evening spent withLyman H. Howe's "perfect pictures"is worth manv days of coLstant reading. It is natural for the mind tocrave knowledge, and Mr. Howe's exhibition satisfies this longing bv conveying to spectators a legion of newand delightful impressions. By describing an exhibition like Mr. Howe'sas "educational," is not meant thegloomy interpretation of that word asassociated with bygone systems otteaching which repressed the imagination rather than stimulated it. On thecontrary Mr. Howe's reproductions are"educational" in the broader sensethat thev suggest new thoughts, inspire new ideas and cultivate a tastefor the beautiful things of earth. Forinstance, scenes of the splendid activity, athletic deeds or diversified formsof exercise at a military trainingschool impart fresh conceptions ofphysical culture. Views of mechanicalachievements and modern constructiveenterprises that busy men are accomplishing serve to awaken new ambitionand the perpetuation in permanentform of every scene of surpassing,beauty cultivates a finer appreciationof life on this little planet of ours during the short tarm that we hold residence here. These are only a few ofthe considerations which make Mr.Howe's Travel Festival, even to ' themost jaded theatregoer, as refreshingas a spring shower that revives thehidden existence of the budding flowerand brings it to full bloom. To everyone it comes as a pleasing relief tathe dull routine of the day's duties because it not only refreshes the mind,,but inspires new conceptions while atthe same time, it provides t amusementin a most wholesome way.LODGE NEWS.Mrs. Mary Smith Lewis, matron ofthe Odd Fellows Widows and OrphansHome in Lexington, and Miss MarianvFultz, assistant matron, were presentat a meeting of the Rehekah Asserab'yof Odd Fellows, at the I. O. O. FHall Friday night when the degreewas conferredupon the following candidates: Mrs? William Kiser, Mrs.William Stewart. Miss Nettie Smithand Mr. William Stewart.Seed Oats.We believe we have the finest seedoats m Bourbon county or elsewhere.28 5t CHAS S. BRENT & BRO.Church Converted into a Business House.The Presbyterian church, located orthe corner of Pleasant and Fifthstreets, is being converted into a business house, and will be occupied byGeorge W. Davis, as an undertaking'stablishment.The cupola has been removed, abrick office is being erected on theifth street side and other necessarychanges are being made.This church was erected in 1840 as a.result of troubles growing out of adivision between the old and newschools, this being a church of the newschool. The three ruline elders in thecongregation were Thomas PorterSmith, J. Roots Thornton and WilliamWright.The Presbyterian church was again,divided in 1866, and until a few yearsago tnere were two branches, but theywere merged into one congregationand since that time the building nowundergoing changes has been unoccupied. Mr. Davis, who has rented the house?has been,engaged in the undertaking:business in Paris ccntinuously since1848, and in the same location he nowoccupies since 1S50, The first house onthe site, however, was burned and thepresent one built in its stea.The property was sold several yearsago to the late C. A. Daugherty, andhis sons, who succeeded him in business, will remodel the house, but havenot decided as to whether they will'occupy it or rent it.Mr. Davis is the oldest undertaker inthe State. He is still active at theage of 86 years, and has been in thebusiness sixty-five years.CHOCOLATESIBY MAIUCHOCOLATESare -aaada freak enrry dayespaciallyprepared for tuin neat boxe- delicately flavored, pure and wRoIgfacaady,--absolutely guaranteed as toquality.TO CONSUMERS ONLY50 ceaU for a full pouad, petpaidTRAHNIEROHIO.vtfSfii"tfw-.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 1, 19.13i(fil!) BOURBON NEWS.Ytjfer,ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOf EVERVTHiNr.MORE FUNDS NEEDED.A Message received lastnight from Mayor J. WesleyLee, of Maysville, was to theettect that there was a greatdeal of suffering in that cityand that money was neededbadly. Paris will surely cometo the aid of her sister city andcontribute to the fund to assist in relieving the situation.We request that all those whothe committee did not visitFriday come forward withtheir contributions. Remember this is a noble cause;money must be had.J. T. HINTON,B. A. FRANK,Committee.THE BEST.Buy the best. That'sThe kind of Refrigerators I handle. Saveice. Protect health.Save you money.J.T. HINTON.Buys Overland Car.Mr. T. P. Brannon purchased yesterday of M. J. Lavin, distributor torParis, a five passenger "Overland"touring car for April delivery.UptoDate.Men's clothing and the "smile hat."HIGGINS & FLANAGAN.Delivers Car.Mr. M. J. Lavin delivered yesterdayto Mr. John Wright a handsome fivepassenger "Overland" touring car.The car is equipped with a self starterand all the latest devices and certainlyis a beautiful machine.Low Prices in Coats, Etc.A full line of suits, coats, dressed,skirts and millinerv at very low prices,can be found at Harry Simon's.Elks Social Tonight.The installation of the officers forthe ensuing year of Paris Lodge No.373, B. P. O.SE., will take place at theElk Hall tonight. After the installation exercises the lodge members willenjoy a social sessionThose "Glad Rags'Everybody wants them. AskC. P. COOK CO.Building New Residence.Mr. Thomas Estes and Mr.'Homcanhave secured the contract tor the erection of a residence for Mr. J. W.Shearer on a lot recently purchased onCypress street. Mr Shearer is connected with the Louisville and Nashville railroad.Wash Goods.Wash goods of all kinds,weaves and shades, at Hairythe newSimon's.Floyd McKenney Recovers.Floyd McKenney, the little son ofMr. and Mrs. D. H. McKenney, of thiscitv, who was bitten by a mad dogwhile on a visit to relatives in Winchester, and who has since been undertreatment at the Pasteur Institute atBowling Green, has entirely recovered,and will return home this afternoon.Seed Corn.We are sole agents for the sale inBourbon county of Caldwell's BooneCounty White Seed Corn. Phones 14.28 5t CHAS S. BRENT & BRO.Kicked by Horse.Mr. Martin O'Neal, a member ofthe firm of Martin &-0'Neal, blacksmiths, was Dainfully injured yesterday morning while shoeing a horse atthe blacksmith shop at the ruiner cfTnira and Pleasant streets. Theanimal kicked Mr. O'Neal on the leftarm. and the blow partly severed oneof the large leaders, besides inflictinga severe bruise.FoundCombs you can't break.Anv rombhrnken will be renlaced by anew oneOBERDORFER,The Druggist.Report of Lilleston SaleThe sale of Mr. Lewis T. Lilleston,which was held at the Throckmortonplace in South Paris Saturday waswell attended and everything broughtgood prices. Horses sold at from $73to $130 50; Shetland pony, $76 ; cows,S42 to $54; Jprsey heifer, $42.50. poultry, 80 cents. Household goods xandother articles sold well. Col. GeorgeD. Sueakea conducted the sale.Sunburst Silk.Sunburst silk at 22J cents per yard,at Harry Simon's.Mr. Miller Much Improved.Mr. Bruce Miller, editor of the Ken-tuckian-Citizen,who has been quite illfor several days in his apartments inthe Kentuckian-Citizen Building, wasyesterday much improved. Mr. Millerhas been confined to his bed for abouttwo weeks, and for a time he wasthteatened with an attack of fever.His many friends wiil be pleased to;-3rn that his condition is very satisiSLiio y to his attending physician, anrihu i mending lapidly.srieks4yr0m wPERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. C. A. Daugherty iB imDrovingfrom a recent illnesR.Mr. C. U. Webb iscenfined to hisbed at his, home on Pleasant street.Rev.'E. G. B. Mann, of Lexington, was a visitor in Paris yesterday.Mr. Fav Ardery is recovering froman operation for apnendicitis at a Lexington hospital.Mr. and Mrs. Laurel.Tiue'have returned to their home on Cypress streetatfer a protracted absence.Mrs. John Wells, of Winchester,was the guest of her daughter, Mrs.Chas. Cahal, on Second street, thisweek.Miss Kate Alexnder and MissRachel1 Wiggins, of Paris, left yesterday for a visit to Colonel Brent Arnold, of Cincinnati.Mr. George Carrol, clerk of theProbate Court in Cincinnati, was a visitor in Paris Saturday, attending tosome court matters.Mr. and Mrs. Withers Davis willreturn today from a visit to the parents of the latter. Mr. and Mrs. E. S.Jouett. in Louisville.Mrs. W. O. Hinton will entertainSturday with a luncheon-linen showerfor Miss" Allene Power, who is to bean attractive June bride.Judge John C. Chenault, oi Richmond, has been a guest of Colonel andMrs. John Cunningham and Mrs. Laura Estill Francis at Escondida.Rev A. W. Fortune, of Lexington,will bethe guest of the C. W. B. ,M.,next Friday afternoon at the regularmeetincfcand will make an address.Mrs. R. Goldstein and son, Elmer,Miss Freda Srhur and "Mr. ArthurJosef have returned to Cincinnati aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. Harry Simon.Mrs. W. S. Roberts, who was convalescent from a severe illness, hassuffered a relapse, and is in a very serious cunditionat her home on Weststreet.The Elks' German Club of Winchester, will give its third cotillon, ofthe season on next Thursday evening,April 3. Mr. Jack Lisle will lead withMissCarolyu Roseberry, of this city.Mrs. A. H. Morehead gave a recital Safurday afternoon for the beginners in her music class. Mrs. Morehead was assisted by Miss LucillePrice, violinist, and Miss Clara BelleO'Neal, pianist. The affair was delightfully informal.Mr. Joseph Godman received a telegram announcing the serious illnessof his sister, Mrs. D. W. Woolem, ofDayton, Tenn.. and left for that citySaturday night to be at her bedside.The message received by Mr. Uodmandid not state the nature of her illness,but was to the effect that she was notexpected to live.Miss Charlina Ball, the attractivevoung daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. S.Ball.ientertained at their home on;theMaysville pike Friday afternoon withtwo tables of "500" for some of herfriends, who are snending Easter weekat home from school. Jonquils wereused profusely for decorating and thetallies were hand painted jonquils, thework of the hostess. After a numberof fgames ices aDd cakes were servedto the following guests: Misses Ma-tian and Elizabeth Clay Alexander,Margarpt Ferguson, Alice RogersClay, Catherine Wilson, Mary AllenHut hcraft. Elizabeth Renick andCharlina Ball.Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Hancock, Mr.and Mrs. James Thompson, Miss MaryBatterton, Mrs. Clarence Kenney, Mrs.John Yerkes, Mrs. ;Davis Weeks, Mrs.Chas. Webber, Mrs. Laura Wiggins,Miss Mabel Robbins, Mr. and Mrs.White Varden, Mrs. W. R. Blakemore,Mrs. Wallace Mitchell, Mrs. C. N.Fithian, Mrs.'- E. T. Hinton, Mrs.Harry CJay, Miss Elemeta Hinton,Miss Elizabeth' Crutcher, (Miss Elizabeth Steele, Miss Elizabeth Fisher,Miss Grace Haskins, Miss Sara Daniel,Mr. and Mrs. Wooodford Daniel, 'andMr. and Mrs. Swift Champ attendedthe Kitty Gordon performance in Lexington Saturday afternuon.Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr., entertained Fridayafternnon at her homeon the Maysville pike in honor of MissAllene Power, the charming brideelect, whose marriage to Mr. EdwardFretwell Prichard will be solemnizedon the evening of April 9.The guests were invited for 2:30 andwere asked to bringitheir thimbles asthe affair was to be a sewing party.After assembling, thehostess providedthem with materials for dust clothsand other useful articles for the housekeeper, and those the fair guests proceeded to cut and hem.An elegant luncheon was servedbuffet style, and the guests seatedthemselves at small tables, and at eachplace there was a bunch jot sweet violets tied with yellow ribbon. Thelarge table was beautifully decoratedwith brass baskets filled with yellowjonquils, crystal candlesticks holdingyellow shaded candles. The confections were also in the prevailing color.Tne luncheor I consisted of yellow asm'cjelly, croqettes, old ham, cheese balls,hot rolls, beaten biscuit, coffee, meringues and caramel ice.The guests who enjoyed this lovelyparty were Miss Power. Miss -RachelWiggins. Miss Mary Woodford, Mrs.Lewis Taylor, Mrs. Chas. McMillan,Mrs. White Varden, Mr. Robert Ferguson, Mrs. Ray Taylor, Mrs. ClellTurney, Mrs. W. O. Hinton, Mrs.Aldert Hinton, Miss Mary FithianHutchcraft, Mis William B. Ardery,Mrs. Jesse turney and Mrs. Amos Turney. For Both Old and Young.See our Norfolk suits for young menthe latest thing out. Also see ourup to the minute styles in suits for theolder folk. Don't forget we areagents for-the "smile" hat. See usbefore buying and we will save youmonev. .HIGGINS & FLANAGAN, 'Doyle Building.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. If-L. 4 N. to Make jDther Improvements. -That the Louisville and Nashvillecontemplates the construction cf newside tracks in the south yards in thiscity, and the improvement of its facilities for the handling of the immensevolume of freight that it contemulateshandling aB soon as the double "hackbetween this city and Covington andnecween raris ana Winchester is completed, is evidenced by the activity ofthe company in securing options onproperty in the colored suburb ufClaysville. xSaturday a corps of civil engineersbegan making surveys through thenegro suburb in the direction of thecoal bins near the Winchester streetcrossing. The railroad company atpresent owns a large amount of property wnich was purchased when theconstruction of the new yards began,and a considerable amount above thenegro settlement has never been putto any use, owing to the fact that asufficient number of tracks had beencompleted to handle the business atthat time.For the past two weeks representatives of the company have been engaged in securing options on the Claysville property and between twentjfive and thirty houses are along theproposed extension of the yard trackage. The company is now in a position toacquire the property either by purchase or condemnation.The construction of new tracks inthe suuth yard will be necessary tohandle the volume of freight that isexpected to come from the EasternKentucky mountains, through whichthe L. and E. or other branches of theroad extends. Vast coal fields havebeen thrown open and are in operation. The recent test train sent putseveral davs ago, following an orderfor a revision of the tonnage rate, hasdemonstrated the amount that can behandled by one train. To take careot this amount of rolling stock,which it is said in the future will compose the freight trains that will berun over the road, it is necessary tohave additional room at this point.Other improvements in the yaras ofthe company in this city are contemplated and it is understood a newmechanical coaling plant will be putin where the present" chutes stand andan additional coaling plant will beerected at the new round house, whichis located near the junction of the Lexington and main lines of the road.These improvements will represent avatt outlay of money and will be commenced in the near future. It strengthens the contention that the rFilroadcompany intends to continue with thiscity as the terminal and distributingpoint of the di"iaion. An expenditureof more than $125,000 has been madefor the construction of the yards inthis city, together with the manyother improvements that have beenmade since the double tracking of theline between Paris and Covington wascommenced almost thiee years ago.Many of the colored peoole in thenegro suburb of Claysville will be compelled to move shortly in order thatthe railroad company mav get possession of the property and some are at aloss to know where to go. In some instances the railroad company will purchase other lots and build new houses.The civil engineers will rush theirwork and expect to have' it completedwjLijuj a buuli unit: wneii liju razing ui jthe houses will begin to make roomfor the improvements.Severely Burned by Explosion.As o result of an explosion of coaloil which she pouted into a cookingstove, Mrs. Letcher-Cash, residing onNineteenth street, was painfullyburned yesterday morning about teno'clock when she was starting a fire toprepare the noon meal. After pouringthe oil in the stove she closed the doorand applied a match. The explosionwhich followed burned Mrs. Cash'sface, singed her eye-brows and hair.Though painful her injuries are notin anyvay serious.The International "Ben Hur."Spectacular magnificence, dramaticsplendor and religious ecstacy are themost notable concomitants of Elawand Erianger's international production of "Ben Hur," which will be theoffering at the Grand Opera House,Cincinnati, the week commencingMonday evening, April 7, with matinees on Wednesday and Saturday.During the thirteen years which havepassed since the original presentation fof this most remarkable and noble drama its owners have not onlykept it up to its original grandeur,but have elaborated and developed thepossibilities of the production eachseason, until today it stands unrivalled in bauty and splendor of establishment, unsurpassed in dramatic significance and power. It was the "lastword" of the stage cratt of the nineteenth century and into the new ageit brought a bigness and perfectionwhich Jwill remain the standard fordecadps to come-Dealing with the earth life of Jesus,the most important period in history,"Ben Hur" shows the world at its1 most wonderful point in magnificenceand wealth, for Rome ruled the worldand Caesar Augustus was Emneror ofthe mightiest realm the earth hadknown.Into this time of display and pompfame the lowly Nazarene, the Christosfor whom thenation had longed, and itis this personality of Jpsus that nDermeating the fabric of the WallaceYoung drama, makes it a sermon aswell as a drama ot tremendous significance. The reveience with which theimminence of Christ is indicated hasmade "Ben Hur" a religious pageant,while the sweep of the story of BenHur and JVlassala, Esther and Irascarries audiences off their feet, theculmination of the dramatic plot being the chariot race, wherein Ben Hurconquers and degrades bis enemy.Nothing morp realistic than thisscene in the arena of the Circus ofAntioch with Ben 'Hur and Messalacontesting for supremacy has everbeen imagined by a dramatist or executed by a producer. The race enthralls because on its outcome depends life, love, honor, riches to thevictor, and when Ben Hur receives thevictor's crown of wild olive, audiencesapplaud with the greatest enthusiasm.The prices for all performances are50 cents to 1.50. Mail orders will receive prompt attention. Seats will beplaced on sale Thursday, April 3.Administrator's NoticeNotice is hereby given to all persons having claims against the estateof Wm. Steuban, deceased, to presentthem properly proven according to lawto the undersigned administrator ofthe estate for pavment, and all persons owing the estate are requested tosettle promptly.STEPHEN MOORE,Admr. Wm. Steuban, Deceased.IA WIRED HOUSEIS STRICUYUPTODHIJA Few of the NewRecords ForApril :All Night Long (Brooks) Ada Jones andBilly Murra; Somebody's Comingto Town, Bill- Murray. ,When I Lost You, Henry Burr; TheAour of Love; Frederick Wheeler.Faust, Ballet Music;Torjan Maidens,Band.Faust, Dance ofVessella's ItalianRow, Row, Rpw, (from "Follies of 1912)American Quartette; Malinda's Wedding Day, Collins and Harlan.Ask to Hear ThemComplete List Mailed Free.Daugherty BrosCarts!We SellThe Sturgis,The Alwin,The SidwayOo-Tney Are Unduestionafiio tne Best MadeSo Why Buy Rsttletraps? Why Not Start Right?2.llHiiMfllM fThe Sidway is a Guaranteed Cart. Guarantee With Each CartSee Our Immense Line of WallJ.T. HINTONWood fVlanteEstSpring House Cleaning!Time is Upon Us Now For YourLace Curtains and DraperiesrCome Let Us Show You an Enormous liineCluny, Irish Point, Nottingham, Reinasance, Louis14, Scrim, Muslin and Many Other Curtainsin White, Cream or Ecru.of every description, double and single borders, white orecru in Scrim, Fillet, Lace Marquisette, &c. We buy direct from the manufacturer, thereby saving you the mid-dle-man'proflt.Come, look whether you want to buy ornot.W. Ed. Tucker.ir"The Place to Puirclia.seYcmr Jesrelry is.The House of Quality;"ii.Up-to-Date Goods In Sterling Silver and Gold.SHIRE &Sast TJenn. 88.s.ciwmibi iIT COSTS NO MORE$4.90to$30.00lJy$?$t, WhpIv'9.Tff ftV? -X-.. w ,. AaJ-X ;?fullCollapsibleCarts'WE PUT THEM ON RIGHTSAVES YOU MONEYUndertaking'i:::iFITHIAN.Jfcome130.JQo Carts!We SellThe Sturgis,The Alwin,The SidwayDecorations...AmbulanceIfeL.,rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., APRIL 1, 1913Gsrrii l'sy s rr!h8&"(Fountain Square) CINCINNATI, OHIOWELCOME you to their re-constructed andimproved store. New sales-floors havebeen added, New elevators constructed, Newentrances built, walls removed and the entireinterior of the building remodeled.Thousands of dollars. have been expended to make thisstore the best of its kind anywhere.cA trip to Cincinnati is not complete unless you include a visit toMabley C& Carew. We have been busy for many months, reconstruct ng,improving and bettering, and there is now completed the finest and te itstore in this part of the country.We are now ready to say Welcome,come to this great exposition and -see thelargest and most beautiful exclusivewomen's and girls' garment floor in Cincinnati. An exhibition on the third floor ofhandsome Coats, Suits and Dresses for girls,misses and women, all reasonably priced.cA millinery department occupying theentire fourth floor in which are displayed morehandsome European and American model hats thanyou can see in any other establishment.The second floor twentythousand square feet devotedto men's and boys' clothing.The fifth floor a great permanent exposition of women'sgirls and children's shoeand women's furnishings.On the main floor are men'furnishing, men's hats, mendjshoes, gloves, hosiery, novelties of all kinds.The basement floor housesthe best house-furnishing andchina departments weknow of.Again Welcome. Come to Cincinnati, cometa Mabley C& Carew, Fountain Square, come rightup from the depot, make yourself at home, use ourbig home-like rest room, check your valises andhand baggage, use our information bureau, writeyour letters, all this with our compliments.We assure you a good courteoustreatment whether you come topurchase or not, and if you dopurchase we deliver your goodsfree by Parcel Post. Our daintylunch room serves nice littlelunches at a very small price.Cincinnati's Great StyleExposition daily atThe Mabley & Carew Co.Fountain Square, jCincinnati, Ohio.AkftV ''"?j:VJm. )K&&&Ii&?ww. " -rt 5MMV32Z?-&&.GREAT NEWS BHotel and Restaurant KeepersYou CanOrderFISHByMailWe Guarantee toSave You 2c to5c per poundAnd to give yourMail Order the sameswift, careful attention as if you calledin person. We shipout of town upwardsof 100,000 poundsof FRESH fish everyweek. Half an hourafter order is received, off goes thefish. Then moneyback if not the fincat ever.FRESH FROM THE FISHERMEN EVERY DAY"Everybody tired of meal. You can build up bigsteady permanent FRESH fish business. Otherssell you frozen fish at bigger prices. Ours areguaranteed fresh, plump, tasty and fine, directfrom the water. We do enormous business andcan afford to sell cheaper. Saugers and blues,red snapper, white trout, Spanish mackerel, pickerel, etc Send order now for Friday then tack upsign "FRESH FISH FOU SALE HEHE"and watch the crowd, come. Sure trade foryou. Be 'a "LEADER." Order to-day.We pay return money charges.ECS ANDERSONFish and Game Companybe sure to use i?c xu rv,,. c. nz : .: nTHIS ADDRESS- - xvwi. ui. viuiiiiicui, v-r.You judge a man not by what hepromises to do, but by what he hasdone. This is the only true test.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy judgedby this standard has no superior. PeoDle everywhere speak of it in the highest terms of praise. For sale by alldealers.Find Fossilized Remains.The fossilized remains of the headof an elephant were recently found byfishermen in a cliff at Bacton, on theNorfolk coast. The lower jaw wasmissing, but remains of what are supposed to have been tusks were foundsome time ago. London Mail.Mothers Can Safely BuyDr. King's New Discovery? and giveit to the little ones when ailing andsuffering with colda, coughs, throat orlung troubles, tastes nice, harmless,once used, always used. Mrs. BruceCrawford, Niagara, Mo., writes:"Dr. King's New Discovery changedour boy from a pale, weak, aick boy tothe picture of health." Always helps.Buy it at Oberdorfer's.Expert Barber.Mr. Carl Crawford, a barber of SOjrears' experience, invites the publicto his new shop at the Windsor Hotel.Two chairs. Prompt service. Children's work a specialty. Razors honedsatisfactorily. . tfChildren are much moreHhkely tocontract the contagious diseases whenthey have colds. Whooping cough,diphtheria, scarlet fever and consumption are diseases that are often contracted when the child has a cold.That is why all medical authorities saybeware of colds. For the quick cureof colds you will find nothing betterthan Chamberlain's Cough Remedy.It can always be depended upon and isoleasant and safe to take. For saleby all dealers.WAYS OF CLEVER ATTORNEYIntroducing Evidence by DramaticMethods la One of the Chief Meansof Influencing a Jury.Many devices have been employedin the courtroom productive of an effect far more telling upon the jurythan mere words.A suit was brought some years agoby the people of a certain quarter ofMontreal against a manufacturingcompany. The vile odors of the chemicals used in the works, they alleged,had made the neighborhood untenantable and seriously lessened the valueof their property.The judge and the jury were disposed to turn a deaf ear to the complaint, says the Green Bag. The company was rich and powerful and "analleged smell," as their counsel declared, "was too intangible a grievance to grasp."One of the opposing counsel wasseen to go out and not long after returned with two glass retorts."Here," he said, "are the offendingsubjects of our contention." He passed them to the judge and then to thejury, who smelled them and smilinglydeclared them pure and odorless."But," said the counsel, "the company mixes them." He suddenlypoured the contents of one of the retorts into the other and the nauseous,fumes of hydro-sulphuric acid or sulphuretted hydrogen filled the air.Judge, jury and spectators choked forbreath. It was necessary to adjourncourt until the next day, when heavydamages were at once awarded tothe plaintiffs.In a murder trial before a westerncourt the prisoner was able to account for the whole of the time except five minutes on the evening whenthe crime was committed. His counsel argued that it was impossible forhim to have killed the man under thecircumstances in so brief a period,and on that plea largely based hisdefense, the other testimony heingagainst his client.When the prosecuting attorney replied he said, "How long a time reallyis five minutes? Let us see. Will hishonor command an absolute silencein the courtroom for that space?"The judge granted this request.There was a clock on the wall. Every eye in the courtroom was fixedupon it as the pendulum ticked offthe seconds. There was breathlesssilence. We all know how time whichis waited for creeps and halts andat last does not seem to move at all.The keen witted counsel waited untilthe tired audience gave a sigh of relief at the close of the period and thenquietly asked:"Could he not have struck one fatal blow in all of that time?"Dramatic effects, however, are hazardous agencies to use, as it is notimpossible to spoil them as an anticlimax, as a member of the Englishparliament found when "at the closeof a fiery adjuration to the government to declare war he cried out."Unsheath the sword!" and drawinga dagger threw it on the floor."Ah!" coolly said an opponent."There is the knife, but where is thefork?"A shout of laughter was the resultGod As Seen by Youth and Age.Old Age is more religious thanYouth. I do not speak, of the emotional crises that come upon young menand young women in early youth;those crises seem too closely relatedto physical growth and developmentto be religious in the same sense inwhich old age is religious, writes H.D. Sedgwick in the Atlantic. That theemotional crises of youth may hearas truthful witness to the realities ofthe universe as the temperate religionof old age I do not deny. The Godthat youth sees hy the light of itsemotional fires may he thereal God,but that image of God is transitory,it appears in fire and too often disappears in smoke. The image of Godthat appears to old age is a moreabiding, image; it reveals itself to experience and to reason instead of tothe sudden and brief conviction ofvision. Old age finds God more in itsown image, calm, infinitely patient,not revealed merely by the vibrantintensity of passion, but in the familiar and commonplace. To old age thecommon things of life declare theglory of God.Dog Chose the Emp'ress.When the empress of Japan recently visited Nagoya on the occasion ofthe one hundredth day memorial service at the tomb of Mein Tenno, sheexpressed a wish to purchase a Chindog, for which breed of animals Nagoya is rather famous. Five were selected for her majesty's inspection andwere taken to the palace. Like moredistinguished guests they were Introduced to the presence one by one.Number three, which is blesesd withthe name of Maine, or "Beans," overlooked the deference due to royalty,and dashing across the room, madeone spring on her majesty's lap,where he curled himself up and harked shrilly at anyone who tried to removehim. The dog having thus expressed its willingness to join thesuite, the empress bought him for 100yen, and he returned to Toklo in theimperial cortege.Let Well Enough.The Innkeeper (making up a guest'sbill)--The first time I made it 13 shillings; now I make It 17. Just comeand add it up, my dear, and see if youcan get it right..His Better Half Oh, why not let Itgo as it is? I might make it 13 again.The Sketch.No Need to Stop Work.When the'doctor orders you to stopwork it staggers you. I "can't, yousay, You know you are weak, rundown and failing in health dav byday. but you muse work as long as youcan stand. What you need is ElectricBitters to give tone, strength and vigor to your system, to prevent breakdown and build you up. Don't beweak, sickly or ailing when ElectricBitters will benefit you from the firstdose. Thousands bless them for theirglorious health and strength. Trythem. Every bottle is guaranteed tosatisfy. Only 50 cents at Oberdorfer's.You can say goodbve to constipationwith a clear conscience if you useChamberlain's Tablets. Many havebeen permanently cured by their Juse.For sale by all dealers.4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour DepositsArc GuaranteedYOU TiKE NO RISKSIf You Are InterestedWrite UsMany suffirers ? from rbeumatisahave been surprised and dtlighttd withthe promDt relief afforded by applyingChamberlain's Liniment. Not one-'case of rheumatism in ten-requiresanjrinternal treatment whatever. Thisliniment is for sale by alldealera. xUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000Fully PaidAiling SkinEczema, Psoriasis, Dandruff, Pimples, skin troubles of any kind WASH.THEM AWAY withD. D. D. Prescription for Eczema:This mild wash "will bring: you instant relief from that awful itchProv& it with a 50c bottle. We guar--antee the regular $1.00 size bottle .toend your distress and. begin your curesor your money back. D.D.D. Soap,helps, too; ask us.Chas. E. ButlerSc Co., Paris,' KyOxyToniciThe Great Blood PurifierDon't wait, for Spring has come, so begin to buildup your system now by cleansing your blood withOXY-TONIC, the Great Germ Destroyer andJBloodPurifier. For all diseases of the blood, and as aTONIC there is but one OXY-TONIC.Germs cause disease, OXY-TONIC destroysthe germs.Call and get a free booklet atW. T. Brooks' Drug Store.IftSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 12 l-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us upor bring it" to our place.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KYOall East Tenn. Phone 374HBRHOPWindsor Hotel.Modern EquipmentPolitelService.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsJ J. WILIilAMS,, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones J Zel.E. T. 334.Home 334.ResidenceDR. A. U KELIiEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentuckyCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AllHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pat,ronage Solicited.Kentucky Traction andTerminal Co.INTERURBAN SCHEDULELve. Lexingtonfor Parisx6.00 a m7.20 a mx8.00 a m8.50 a m10.20 a m11.50 a m1.20 p m2.50 p m3.30 p m4.20 p m5.00 p m6.00 p m7.20 p m9.10 p m11.00 p mx Daily ExceptLve. ParisFor Lexington..6.45 k mx7.30 a m8.15 a mx9.00 a m9.45 a m11.15 a m12.45 p m2.15 p m3.45 p m4.30 p m5.15 p m0.00 p m6.45 p m8.15 p m10.05 p mSunday.If Yon Want to Pot in WaterWorks in Your HouseOr Barn, or Bathroom Fixtures orFurnace, or Tin, Shingles or MetalLRoofing, and all kinds of Tin Work,.Guttering, Pipss, Filters, Water Tanks,Dipping Tanks, Sewerage Pipe andClay Flues. Concrete Work a Specialty. Give us a call.We-also handle the American FieldWite Fencing, and the best line ofCook Stoves. Oil Stoves and Heaterson the market, and all kinds of Hardware, Farming Tools, Grates ancEMantels, Screen Doors, Poultry Supplies, Harness of all kinds, the W. J.Oliver Plow, tfie best Plow on the?market. Horse CJipners, Cement-.I Lime, Paint and Oils.we duv ine very Desc gocas ODiainable, and our prices are right.BEST & HAWKINS,4mar3mo Millersburg,Ky.rSpceial RatesLow Round TripHomeseekers TicketsTo points in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Arizona, Arkansas,Missouri, New Mexico, Oklahoma,Texas and Kansas on sale first and'thirdfTuesday of each month, returnlimit 25 days from date of sale.Round trip Winter Tourist iickets toall principal winter resorts in theSouth on sale Oct. 15th to April 30th,1913, final return limit May 3lst, 1913!.For further information, apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,''", J.K. SMITH,, T.A. .5-iji.Sifx4:ie:.-.."".jh,i-fWn,.MG1rtiz.:t.- tMHte v .,f -?'?JbVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., APRIL 1 1913Stiff JointsSprains,Bruisesaxe relieved at once by an application of Sloan's Liniment. Don'trub, just lay on lightly." Sloan's Liniment has done moregood than anything I have ever triedlor stiff joints. 1 got my hand hurt sobadly that I had to stop work right inthe busiest time of the j ear. I thoughtat first that I would have to have xnyhand token oil, but I gota bottle ofSloan's Liniment and cured my hand."Wurroif "Wueeleb, Morris, Ala.Good for Broken SinewsG. G. Jones, Baldwin, L. L, writes :.'! used Sloan's Liniment for brokensinews above the knee cap caused by afall and to my great satisfaction wasable to resume work in less than threecreeks after the accident."SLOANSLINIMENTFine for Sprain"Mr. Hekbt A. Voehii, 8i SomersetSt., Plainfield, X. J., writes : " Afriend sprained his ankle so badlythat it went black. He laughed whenI told him that I would have him outin a week. I applied Sloan's Linimentand in four days ho was working andsaid Sloan's was a right good Linl-.znent." xPrice 25c,50c, and $1.00Sloan's Bookon horses, cattle,sheep andpoultrysent free.AddressK-to OrderWaAlsoJDoDRYCLEANING,PRESSING,REPAIRING.Best WorkGuaranteed.Vtfl!ma!5u!5BinisHIBHISBISHISbibThorn is iJBros.0E2!5'!S5.(SS!9ExisiBiiKi!iriMiw:aaiKgiacitja;5S;r:::ri;zsaiKaiBciuaiaSilii'iiiNATIONAL5c and 10c StoreSPECIALFor Thirty DaysOn AHWall PaperAnd also Puttingsame on Walls.Must Have Roomfor New Stock.National 5c and 10g Store.on horses, cattle, V3PF7sheep and S Vrlpoultrysent free. dj"V J!SuitBtftttoN H m. kkSllanc B BBI mmw 'B mmm. BtSm!!BIB5iiSIBsiiHIBriSHiaSISKIBimih!IB- - Sii1 ' - SuaWatch Our WindowsPANAMA-PACIFIC INTERNATIONAL EXPOSITION,I ffyrfi!yrS)Jy' k t1 li' ' '"liyt' tit1"U"TiSk.. .X i ViiJ1 n PS?N2--y9 Vt E8v JEtJb L1 Bursas a1 o ! WA1 sy. . - oe- J-. rfu vj-" '.t.'?? 'tagrr..y.rirrffbfK . JT rf. WCCl?giAx iprTfyiynSi.ry:?SSSSESSssstssferissirsCopyright, 1913. by Panama-Paclflc International exposition.HORTICULTURAL, BUILDING at the Panama-Pacific International Exposition. The building will be 630x299feet and will be' one of the most notable structures of the kind ever built, being composed almost entirely ofglass; set in the west end of the south garden, opposite the Palace of Education, its glittering dome, 165 feet high,will be seen as one of the striking features by those who enter the exposition from the tropical south garden.jjgjBBaaaaaaWaag5BamWlCopyright, 1913. by Panama-Pacific Interna,sECTION of the great central court,White. This court, approximatelynorth to south. Upon the east of the court figures elephants, camels, Arab warriors symbolical of the Orientwill surmount a huge arch, the Arch of the Rising Sun, larger than the Arc de Triomphe; upon the west of thecourt the story of the setting sun will be depicted; surmounting the arch upon the west prairie schooners and figures of pioneers wljo pushed across the western plains will be s.hown.PANAMA-PACIFIC INTERNATIONAL EXPOSITION,y.. ;---ttraXVww. ?SSf.v v, TMMjr tAjW g. MSAr XS-. " J"'1 rf .' . 'V,w .y a-!W-wwa'amtwa .AwAwwyftlA V.WAWAV4VWV ,s.AAttAM. 'Z&M?ijttAW,&&'9S$&VV29i&XJZ&&j0S&yACopyright. 1913. by Panama-Pacific International Exposition.THE California Counties Building, an example of the fine type of California Mission architecture, whichseen at Harbor View. The building will He upon the harbor front at the extremity of the Avenue of Cwealths and nearest to the Palace ofPANAMA-PACIFIC INTERNATIONAL EXPOSITION,mmmmwm&ssgs&&5&B 1 1 nmEmm&&.&&ZStSSSxervM wzijaK2ii2is' -sasauai;'x-: rjz.sss.r-Copyright. 19 IS. by Panama-Paclflc International Exposition.THE night panoramic view of the Exposition shown attove gives but a faint idea of the magnificent picturewhich will be presented. The wonderful electrical- Illumination that is planned will make not only the groundsand buildings ol the Exposition as light as the bright California sunshine, but will include all the beauties of thebay and city. The progress of electrical lighting science makes possible a far more brilliant night effect than hasever been known before. In fact, scientific development in all lines will be utilized to make the Panama-PacificInterantional Exposition fully one hundred per 'cent greater and grander than any other world exposition ever held.te3rs&-3.&$ rt"".""'r.vSKscATI:IV01XVUWMW II H MiW;tycwnooyocoqp'; o. jf , rx s.' v","as)JcoXSn9BWWaAMM(C92 s-SSjw ?vJT' y Kfe'di'Wmftiy'T'!'S''k.,,'A K vVCTtt 14 -1 s.-c3Tvtajj?gAsV-ac v.44 ''rf fi-gr?tfyT'k8 l:M' iy ?yipt&fl?fi3 Kw88J,,wT T itaMitC??, S-tfir 'ntisf VvSMtef;it?l HaBBm ' trWV : t &S& r ' i: J W- .uihiu as -cr fe urv.. i ,xi frnmmMmMlm$M !Gr)fiiiiii HilWJ.iliHWillWlill lUMBIlli II ill ' ja!W U.. .a . . . vi .INTERNATIONAL EXPOSITION,a&msxjmtibtitet&xtlonal Exposition.the Court of the Sun and Stars, designed by Messrs. McKim, Mead and750x900 feet, will divide the main rectangle of exposition buildings from?Duiiaing will lie uponAgricultureSAN FRANCISCO, 1915AMR1'T...-r- 'rg"w"-ity-yJ.i')i.r, .' '-"w vfc--ti1MMMiHfiinig; i'jjiiuMii.i!ftimiL' '""' JIMUJty. xFe?lla.: "SAN FRANCISCO, 1915SAN FRANCISCO,1915will beCommon-SAN FRANCISCO, 1915SKaaffia&saajgesssopECZEMACAN BE CUREDI Will Prove It to You FrssYou who are suHerinir tho tortures of Eczema, Itch, Salt Rheum or otherskin diseases you whose days are miserable, whose nights are made sleepless by the terrible itching, burning pains, let me send you a trial of a soothing, healing treatment which has cured hundreds, which 1 believe will cureyou. I will send It free, postage paid, without any obligation on your part.Just fill the coupon below and mail it to me. or write me, giving your name, age snd addrew.I will send the treatment free ofcost to you.J. C. HUTZELL, 123 West Main St., Fort Wayne, Ind.Please send without cost or obligation to me your Free Proof Treatment.Name.Post OfficeState .Street and No.Salves Can'tIn regard to skin diseases, medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Don't imprison the disease germs inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by usingthe healing agents in the form of aliquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT.A simple wash: A compound of Oilof Wintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D.D.D.Prescription. This penetrates to theWe're Now Showing Our Full Line ofSPRINGIn the CelebratedSehloss Bros. & Co.High-Class Men's Suits.They Represent the New Norf oiks, the New English -Cutv and the Conservative Models, all BeautifullyTailored. ' Prices ranging from $15 to $35JUST I3XTOur complete line of Emerson Shoes, Hawes Van Gal Hats,Stetson Hats, Lion ShirtsTWIN 'BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. WoKstein, Proprietor.Season 1913Cayior Simmons23489Dark bay horse, 16 hands high, weighs1,200 lbs.By Simmons Boy 17517, sire of Silver Simmons 2:16, Simmonette 2:19,etc.1st dam Brilliante, by Wilkes Boy2:24)4, sire of Courier-Journal 2:06,Judge Swing 2:08X, York Boy 2:08and nearly 100 others in 2:30 list.2nd dam Grace Ashland by AshlandChief 751, son of Mambrino Chief II.3rd dam Pong by Old Pilot.4th dam Meg by Boston, (thoroughbred.) TAYLOR SIMMONS will make theseason of 1913 at my stables in Paris,on High street, near 2nd street, at$15 to InsureThe ideal carriage horse is theAmerican trotting bred horse, withsize, speed, 'courage, and the truetrotting gait, with plenty of knee andhock action. In addition he musthave a clean cut head and neck, styleand finish, plenty of substance without coarseness.Recognizing the demand for thisclass of horses, I selected Taylor Simmons 23489, a young horse which fillsall the requirements of the typicalcarriage horse. If the theory that'like begets like' be true, he willproduce horses of this type" whenmated with good mares. Through hisveins flow the blood of the greatesttrotting families. He traces twice toGeorge Wilkes and five times to Mambrino Chief II. This is backed by thestout thoroughbred blood of Boston.A few of the fancy priced onessired by Taylor Simmons : Thendara,winner in the walk-trot class at theBlue Grass Fair m 1907, LouisvilleHorse Show and in the East, sold byCol. C. L. Railey for 2,500; AlleenPowers, sold to Godfrey Priest, ofNew York, for $1,000 ; Little Nath,sold for 500 to Eastern parties. Hisget are always commanding the pricethat pay a man to raise good stock.Lien retained on colts until seasonmoney is paid.Imp. Joe IIPure Bred Shetland Stallion.Imp. Joe II, sorrel and white, registered at Port Huron, August 28,1905, No. vol. 14, page 3. Sire Jim,No. 292; dam Banbsy, No. 1410. Asure foal getter.10 TO INSURE A "LIVING COLTTom MackThe celebratedrJames E. Clay Jack,will make the season at Murphy'sYards. Tom Mack is the best breederof mules that ever stood in the county.$13 TO INSURE IIVING COLT$20 JENNETM. J. MURPHY,Paris, Ky. ,mmW&J. C. Hubs. R. P..Age.Cure Eczemadisease germs and destroys them, theSsoothes and heals the skin as nothingelse has ever done.A 50 cent bottle will start the cur6and give you instant relief.We have made fast friends of morathan one family by recommendatingthis D.D.D. Prescription to a skin sufferer here and there, and we want you:to try it now on our positive pay guarantee. D.D.D. Soap keeps the poresclean; ask us.Chas. E. Butler & Son, Paris, Ky.MODELS!New Art Store!I have opened an ArtStore next to Mrs. M. A. .Paton. New and freshstock of all kinds offancy workEmbroidery,Pillow Cases,Towels,Und crwear,Waists, Etc.Novelties of all KindsStamping Done on ShortNotice Everythingguaranteed to be thebest.3 :::::::mrs. iU. 6. BoardW. N. BarkleyMrs. W. N. BarkleyWoman's Exchange & Cafe1112 N. Upper Street,Lexington, KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ptc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at althours with the best the market affords.(2Smar6mo)THE LEXINGTON HOTEL. Opp. The LelandEUROPEAN PLAN,Lexington, Ky.ReasonableRatesEverything New andUp-to-Date.Aatv.mi ConvenienMo Gar, Jlifie, , .-, Tf "3 -i - J'? j4?4"i&MMMgMttrtMWTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KY., APRIL 1, 1913Of All That is Newest and Best in Artistic Interior Decorations.WHEN YOU WANTI ga$ & RBH I Ik fe fflgj HHBi mWL BSHH 3 IviKiimli Sa jk infill IhKI I "'Bl ESfc" HWALL PAPERCOME TO A WALL PAPER STORE.i .4-we handle all grades fromMT . m THE PUCETHE CHEAPEST TO THE BEST AT PRICES THAT DEFYCOMPETITION.424 MAIN ST.. PARIS. KY.jMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mr. A. T. Moffitt was inan. business Wednesday andCincinnatiThursday.Mrs. Robert Wilson and children, ofCalifornia, Ky., were guests of hermother, Mrs Amanda Mastin.Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Venable werequests of Dr. and Mrs. B. M. Shive atIsParis from Thursday until Saturday.Mr. J. C. Fightmaster sold somedays ago his home on North Mainstreet to Mr. J. H. Burroughs. Possession, to be given soon.Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Alverson leftSaturday for their home at LawrenceSurg" after a visit to her father, Mr.J. G. Allen, and family.Miss Maiy McDaniel, of the Cynthiana Graded School, wae home fromFriday until Monday. She was accompanied by her cousin, Miss Kitty Burberry, of Centerville.The Beulah Buck Concert Co., athird number of the Lyceum Course,save a most pleasing concert at theM. F. C. Wednesday evening. Owingto he high waters a small audience'was present but all were delightedwith the result of the entertainment.The ensemble recital given Dy theclass of Miss Esther Kavanaugh Nellat M. F. C. Friday evening was perhaps the most pleasing recital of theseason, ft was also largely attended.A greater part of the work was madeap of the college orchestra, and triosand duets of strinered instruments,hich was- certainly enjoyed by all.present. The piano numbers wereequally good. The pupilB were wellI trained and iheir work was mostpleasing. We trust that Miss NellJ will give us ancther such recital be-j fore the school year closes.Mrs. G. L. Hill continues about the. same.Mr. James Thome iB among thesick.continues aboutMr. Clifton Mannthe same.A large number from here viewed thehigh water at Maysville Sunday.Dr. J. D. Calhoun united with thePiesbyterian church Sunday by letter.The friends of Mrs. M. P. Collierwilljae glad to learn that she is improving nicely.Mrs. P. L. Dimmitt and Miss Carrie Peed attended a JBaptist meetingat Ewing Friday and LSaturday.The executive committee of theHurst Home Insurance Co., was inexecutive session in the directors'room of the Farmers Bank Saturday.i Born, some days ago, to Rev. andMrs. Julian McClintock, of Corinth, a( son. Rev. McClintock i3 a son offMr. and Mrs. Thos. McClintock. ofthis city.One of the roost pleasant socialevents given here in many years wasthe six o'clock dinner given by Col.W. M Layson on Friday evening at hisbeautiful suburban home one half milenorth of town on the Maysville pike.Covers had been laid for forty of hisgentlemen friends and all the invitedguests were present. It had beenlooked forward to for several dayB inadvance and in some resppcts rei minded one of a reception given byladies on account ot the advance calki and preparations for it. The eveningwas ideal. The gueBts were prompt.in assembling and were met at thefront door by Mr. J. P. Redmon, son-in-lawEof Col. Layson, and the littlegranddaughter of the Colonel, MissCharlotte Redmon. The Colonel wasstationed in the spacious drawing roomwhere he received his friends on theirarrival with true cordial Kentuckyhospitality, making each one feel thathe was not only welcome but at home.About 6:30 o'clock the spacious diningProom was thrown open, the gueststaking their places around the festiveboard that ;groaned under the heavyweight of all of the good things of themarket. The menu consisted of roastturkev and dressing, old ham. springlainb, French peas, mashed potatoes,cranberry sauce, chicken salad, celery,coffee, brick cream and cakes and salted almonds. At the close of the menuMr. Horace Taylor, of Carlisle, readan appropriate poem in honor of thefiopt, after which all repaired to thedrawing room and parlor, where a delightful smoker was enjoyed. Thecigars were nasaed by little Miss' Redmon. The assembly broke about teno'clock and afUr bidding the hostgood night, wishing him many happyreturns of many kindred events all declared this to be one of the most pleasant social events for gentlemen" evarheld at Millersburg.Judge T. P. Waddell has a lemontree at his home which is very productive. Yesterday he pulled a lemonfrom a tree that weighed eighteenounces. The fruit had not yet matured but had bursted. There are a number of others on the tree that arequite large.Born, Sunday night, to the wife ofMr. D. E. Clarke, a son.Mr. and Mrs. 0. E. Hurst returnedto Lexington Monday after a visit ofseveral days here.The Christian Endeavor Society willhold a candy sale at the store of Mr.Aaron McConnell, Saturday.Mr. Walter Hawkins, a student atKentucky Wesleyar. College, Winchester, visited relatives from Saturday toMonday.The Annual Junior and Senior Reception 01 the Millersburg Military Institute will be held Friday evening fromeight to twelve.Mrs. Minnie C. Hurst and son, Mas-; ter Edwin Hurst, were guests of herpare ntB,Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Cochran,in Elizaville. Sunday.DEATHS.MITCHELL.Clarence Mitchell, "Ifaged fouryears, died at the home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs William Mitchell,near Ruddles Mills, Sunday afternoonabout three o'clock after a twoweeks' illness of diphtheria. The bodywas buried in the Paris cemetery yesterday afternoon.1twearSatisfaction1New District Superintendent.Mr. J. T. Dulton. of Parkeisbirg,Mr. J. T. Lynch, who has been superintendent of the Paris district comDOSpd of a number of Central KentuckyW. Va., arrived in this city Friday to towns, and who has been transferredassume the position of district superin- j I0 a iike position in Dayton. O. Mr.tendent of the Metropolitan Life Insur-' Lynch Wll, mQVe hi3 family t0 Dayt0nance Company. Mr. Dulton succeeds in a few weeks.1ItCbe CUonders of electricityElectricity is ready any minute of theday or night, in any quantity and in anypart of the house. You don't have tocarry it about. No Smoke No AshesNo Disagreeable Ordors No Heavy andClumsy Apparatus and last but not least,an Elecric Company .who will do thewiring for you at cost on the monthlypayment plan.If you want HEAT in your bed rpomthis summer, we will sell you a gas stove,you won't get it from an Electric Light.Electric Light is the Matchless light.WRITE , PHOfrE SEE "Paris Gas & Electric Co., Inc.''Is Assured When YouShoes at OurBuy YourStoreprmgYOUR DOLLARhas a greater purchasing power here than atany other place. trWhen you buy here you are sure of gettingmore far your money. We give better values,better quality, better style, better fit.ii tIn Fact, Everything That Could Be Desired to InsureSATISFIED CUSTOMERS!Come now, come early, see our Shoes before buying. You are always welcome.We have now on sale some exceptionallygreat values in Misses' and Children's HighGrade Shoes and Oxfords for early Springwear.IJ35r 4iM v it iJrfdkJm... mmmfi ZTJ&i " III'CONSTANT iEXERCISE 'WILL,MAKEYOJJSTRON&CONSTANTDEPOSITS INOUR BANKfWILL MAKEYOURICH00 YOUWANT TOGROW OLDAND FEEBLEAND BE WITHOUTMONEY IN THEBank ?iiSThe boy who builds a fine physique in his youth willhave a strong constitution to fall back uDonin his OLD AttKHe won't be so liable to contract disease; he will have theSTRENGTH to fight it off. The same with BANKINGYOUR MONEY. Build a FINANGIAL CONSTITUTIONfor the years to come.Make OUR bank YOUR bank.We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISJ--.Z&-rtlSF-i 4-' &HJ3RIJbjft-OOlxJCapital, $100,000.00.J. M. HALL, President.Surplus, $40,000.00. ,CrU. THOMAS. Cashier.rv-enS-t f1"