?,VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 16 1913i-BACK TO ARKANSAS.THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARMMW"W'M'MMM'""" '" ' r' "" M'M '.4oWiff4E? ItomtUST.Qfkm&tlrjtfsssBNil. nk -- yr 1 i u!a i$P"WE WANT YOURWATCH WORKOur Watch Repair Department is nowin charge of MR. BINZEL, a thorough competent, up-to-date and conscientious workman.If your watch is not keeping satisfactorytime, bring it to us; we will tell you just whatthe trouble is and what it will cost to putit in first-class condition.Don't wait, do it to-day.lifi&SiVjtf-&!,py SPajmg Cash Jforyji2our . Groceries ou &v Can Szeduoe the Costalof jCwmg Ohe'Uhircit21 lbs. the Best rf fw ftEastern Stsar h JJP j(With a $3.00 Purchase) $)Standard Corn, per can 5c KTomatoes, per can 10cSweet Potatoes, per can 10c jPie Peaches, per can 10c iXfThree 10c size Macaroni or Spaghetti 25c y)25c lar-ere nackacp. Nat.fnnal Ostci 9r WCoal Oil, per gallon 12cT. C. LENIHAIN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234xYWWwwJr-ST"'!MiAiAf&:jffmkmmmssmmmmmsvfeiss'vkwtasasSt Straw- Hats andsvai-8Sfc6fc&5SfSfefEK8illIPPanama HatsIn all the Latest Styles and atPrices in Reach of Everybodyi Jt J& HSummer UnderwearB. V. D. in Union Suits in Separate Garments.Plain Balbriggin in Union Suits and Separate Garments.r?S Porus Knit in Union Suits and Sena ratp Garments. $e?f&n-. rffSf.rivpn in TTrnrm Suits pnrJ Rpnnvnfo fZavmnnfa 5h5!Our Prices on Underwear 25 to $2m9SSusagassj111MSv2&fcEsprice & 60. Giotniers111l!Ps?sPPwwPfand FurnishersSM8M&&mmmmmi.&&'t?.NUT SSS'" - 1Alleged Slayer of Deputy Sheriff Arrested Here is Taken.Will King, alias Ben Vinson, arrested late Monday afternoon by Deputy Sheriff Ollie Marshall at Shawhan, and lodged in the Paris jail, wastaken back to Arkansas to answer tothe charge of murder yesterday afternoon by Deputy Sheriff W. M. Howard,of Poinsett County, Arkansas.The arrest of King was made uponinformation received by Sheriff A. S.Thompson from the officials at Tyoronza, Ark., in which a description ofthe negro, together with thQ placewhere he was said to have been working with the Grace Construction Company, having under contract, sectionof the L. & N. double track betweenthis city and Covington.Deputy Sheriff Howard arrived inParis Wednesday afternoon and identified the negro. Being acquainted withthe negro the identification was aneasy matter. The officials were prepared to go through the legal processto extridite the murderer, who lateragreed to return to Arkansas withouta requisition.According to Mr. Howard, the killing or Deputy Sheriff J. P. Chandler,which occurred in Tyronza, Aik., onJanuary 7, 1912, was one of the mostuncalled for murders in the historyof that section. He stated on thatday he in company with DeputyChandler went to the home of KirkKing, a brother of the accused, to arrest him on a warrant issued fromLeighton, Ala., charging him withshooting a man by the name of Leighton Harvey.Deputy Chandler was placed at therear door of the house while he ventured to enter the front door. WillKing, it is alleged, threw open one ofthe back windows, and fired the shotwhich took Chandler's life. Both madetheir escape after a pistol duel withPloward, and have since been at large.King has been traced to severalplaces in Ohio and Kentucky, and thelast heard of him he was in the vicinity of Madisonville. An effort to traphim there proved fruitless and it waslearned through letters which fell intothe hands of the Arkansas officialsthat he was working in the neighborhood of Shawhan.King bears the reputation of beinga desperate character and it is saidduring his life he has killed four men.A tew years ago he was sentenced tothe Alabama penitentiary for murderto serve a life sentence. Eighteenmonths ago he was paroled because ofbad health.'With his prisoner heavily handcuifed and shackled Deputy SheriffHoward left Paris yesterday afternoonon the 2.15 o'clock interurban car enroute to Tyoronza, Ark., via Lexington and Louisville."WE KNOW HOW"v 'het Your4Money Do It .If Your Money Was HumanIt Would Not Want To BeExchanged For Clothing Unless it Was Dollar For DollarV VDon't let your money buy just Clothing. Make it. Buy the RealDependable ClothingThe kind that is backed up by a guarantee from theright kind of a merchant. Dollar for dollar valuesare assured when you purchase Clothing from thisstore, and you will find this same rule applies toevery dollar's worth of merchandise bought here.Suits $15 and $18.See our Blue Serge Norfolk suits at$15 and $18 before you buy. They arethe latest thing. We "will save youmonejr.16-tf HIGGINS & FLANAGAN.Garden Hose.We have a big stock of garden hoseand all kinds of nozzles. Telephoneus your order; all sizes and prices.JOHN J. CONNELLY,16-9t The Plumber.Chase & Sanborn's.That good coffee at Fee's. Phone 64Stetson Shoes andStetson HatsManhattan Shirts inbright, snappySpring stylesMitchell & Blakeanore,Outfitters to MenParis, Kentucky""" ""' '''!l,gl,awwalpBaBaBBSEBlp ElKiniIinilIlilirmimilIL!(IlllIlllli!IiI!i!IIL!!Illl!IIl!niril!IIIIIIll!Il!IIIlIIllIIUM!lllIlllllIllII!l!!l!lIIIUIe IlNew Constable Appointed.J. P. Hicks was yesterday appointed as constable of the Millersburprecinct to succeed to the positionmade vacant by the death of Mr. J. H.Linville. Mr. Hicks gave bond with O.H. Collier as security.Boy Injured By Pony.Edward Myers, aged 10, son of Mr.'and Mrs. Charles Myers, residing onFifteenth street, met with a painful accident yesterday while exercising aShetland pony. The boy was walkingthe pony in front of his home whensomeone struck it' with a whip. Theanimal sprang against the boy, knocking him down and striking him withhis hoofs, inflicting a severe woundovr the left eye and on the bridgeof the nose.BOY INJUREDWhen Horse Has Brush With MovingMotor Cycle.Bryant Ham, aged about 17 years,was painfully, though not seriouslyinjured, Wednesday afternoon about 2o'clock, when a horse in charge ofLouis Mitchell, son of Mr. and Mrs.Albert Mitchell, became frightened attne motorcycle upon which he wasriding with his brother, Joe Ham, andstriking the machine threw the ridersoff.The accident occurred near thehome of Mr. Mitchell on the FlatRock pike. The two boys were ridingthe machine along the road at amoderate rate of speed and when ashort distance from the gate out ofwhich Mr. Mitchell was coming, opened tne exnaust, which frightened thehorse.The animal became unmanageable,and turning suddenly in the roadstruck the motorcycle. Both of itshoofs were caught in the near wheelof the machine, tearing off both shoesand throwing the animal to the road.Both boys were hurled from themotorcycle, Bryant Ham sustaining asevere cut, extending from the hair tothe left eye, while his brother received a few scratches.The injured boy was rendered unconscious by the fall, but was soonrevived and taken to his home nearBlack's Cross Roads. Dr. FrankFithian was called to attend his in-'juries, and several stitches ,,were required to close ,the wound. He isgetting along nicely.i5FRANK & COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.ilalf-Frice Suit Sale!The backward season and late deliveries from the manufacturers finds us with too many suits on hand. Consequently theliberal reduction now, when you most desire a Spring Suit. AllSuits are this Spring models.$40.00 Suits now,35.00 Suits now30.00 Suits now25.00 Suits now20.00 Suits now15.00 Suits nowA$20.0017.5015.0012.5010.007.50Odd Sizes and White Suits not included in this sale.Alterations will be made with extra cost to the purchaser.Bring this list and make your selection. The original pricetickets will be left on all garments will be left on all garments andreductions will be made as above.- 18G., ISHiJiiimiiii'imiiiLwwiMJiiHiKniim AtoMQBMmmwKMm mam&-Sixt4THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 16 1913I'i'?fwftI 1JrJ II1HJillMlViniffIi'fIVTJhatvioesSveru utveryNew models and exclusive patterns areshown at all times in our display of Women'sFootwear. Every pair of these Shoes alsoshow elegance of finish and grace in each particular line. We can give you fitting qualitiesin Shoes which cannot be excelled, and as toservice, it need only he said that our Shoes aremade by the best Shoe makers in the( world.We can give them to you in widths as narrowas AA.We invite your inspection.Geo. Mc999 5 m.BourbonL Phones 301 The Shoe Mara m- w IMHnMfe HV 4fe4fe HBA ft il II I I" y MMi W.DWIS & FUNK, Props.itf Telephone No. 4.- ,di ii 1?-.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.kZjZ! .g..fc.g.g.g.K.ir...,.k,.'k1 B i M Mi MMmmGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAX137; NIGHT 399.ill 'hi in Bros !TryOuriw f ,LILayer CakesChocolate Caramel,White and; Ribbonkx5c, Two For 25cAlso Hu big's Jgfamous Pies915c.Baldwin Bros.ijippealomanIWilliamsf?ssIftLaundry;&(I)!West 5 StreetWe Take'Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous for fine work and itdever goes Jreck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeISM. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.First-CIass Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto Alf.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You for a Share ofYour Patronage.Trees Trees TreesFruit and Ornamentals, Strawberries, Shrubs, Hedging, Grapes, Asparagus, Rheubarb, Roses, Peonies,Phiox, etc.Everything for Orchard, Lawn andGarden. No'Agents.H. F. HILLENMEYER & SONS,Lexington, Ky.A WIREDHOUSEissnenyiip-TO-iumHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.bpacc : a newspaper's stocktrad source of revenue.inANNOUNCEMENTS.The News is authorized to make thefollowing announcements, subject tothe action of the Democratic PrimaryAugust 2, 1913:Por RepresentativeREUBEN HT7TCHCRAFT.Por State Senator- HON. J. WILL CLAYRTJPUS HADDENPor Commonwealth's AttorneyVICTOR A. BRADLEYPor County ClerkPEARCE PATONJ. WALTER PAYNEFor Police JudgeR. S. PORTERL. GRINNANTHOS. J. HOLLIDAYE. B. JANUARYPor CoronerGEO. M. KISERRUDOLPH DAVISPor MayorJ. T. HINTONJAS. M. O'BRIEN.Por Police Chief vJ. C. ELGIN, Sr.W. P. LINKGEO. M. HILLBEN BISHOPGEO. W. JUDYPor JailerJOSEPH FARRISW. O. BUTLERPor CouncilmenPirst WardWHITTINGTON MANN.GEO. D. SPEAKES.W. T. BROOKS.Second Ward.W. O. HINTON.BRUCE MILLER.W A. WALLEN.WM. KENNEY,Third WardJACK WOODS.For Assessor.R. M. GILKEY.L. B. Purnell, Deputy.JOHN S. WIGGINS.Wm. Lynch, Deputy.Por County Judgec. a. McMillan.For bounty AttorneyGEO. BATTERTON.Por Magistrate IL. J. PRETWELL,Por SheriffW.P. TALBOTT,W. G. McCLINTOCK, DeputyJ. O. MARSHALL, DeputySURGEONS 6,000 YEARS AGODr. Sandwith Consulting Physician toKhedive Describes DiscoveriesThat Were Made In Egypt.London. Dr. P. M. Sandwith, consulting surgeon to the Khedive, lecturing at Kensington Town Hall, saidthe first surgeon J of whom he couldfind jny record lived at the time ofthe fifth Egyptian dynasty, and musthavo been court doctor to the Pharaohsome 4,000 years before ChristThe first surgical Implements ofwhich anything was known, said Dr.Sandwith, were splints found In theNv-bian desert In one place a graveyard was found, and here were remains of bodies with fractured limbsthat had been set with bark splints.On was a right thigh bone that hadbeen broken, and was still held in position by a workmanship splint andbandages. All the knots were true,reef-knots and thb wrappings showeduow tne strips of palm-fiber clothwere set jusi as a good surgeon wouldset them nowadays, so as to use thefull strength of the fabric.In othei cases, said Dr. Sandwith,bodies were found with compoundfractures, sphere the broken ends ofthe bone had broken through theskin. Death seemed to have comevery quickly after an accident of thiskind, for no trace of healing .of thGbones was to e found.WANTEDDrivers Cincinnati Transfer Co.,atables Water and Plum Streets. Thir-teen-fiftyper week. Steady employment, hauling freight from one depotio another. fTHE CINCINNATI TRANSFER CO6-3tSHIP'S UNIQUE TRIPVoyage, Just Completed, Will Seldom Be Duplicated.With the Opening of Panama CanalThero Will Be Little Necessityfor Long and Dangerous TripAround the Horn.Philadelphia. The three-masted fullrigged ship Aryan, the 'last woodenship of her type to be constructed inthis country, and one of the few atpresent under the American flag, hasarrived here from Fort Blakely,Wash., after a thrilling voyage of 150days, In which she rounded Cape Horn.The vessel's arrival recalled the glorious days of the clipper ship, when thefearless American skipper and hiscrews made the stars and stripes supreme on the seven seas.More than ordinary interest was attached to the vessel's arrival becauseof these features and because shecarried a cargo of 1,000,000 feet ofGregon pine, the first to be receivedhere in 15 years. The timber, some ofit 90 feet in length and nearly twofeet square, was packed solidly aboardthe ship. Nearly 180,000 feet of it wasstacked on the deck.Capt James McLachin, the captain,said the voyage was uneventful, butthe log book told a different story.Two winters and three summers weremet on the voyage, with four 'hurricanes thrown in for good measure.Lightning played its pranks on one occasion. A mirage was seen, St. Elmo'sTire illuminated the ship, and at timesshe sailed through the lurid glare ofseas lit with phosphorescence. Avoung shark was captured and his tailwas attached to the bowsprit for goodluck.The vessel began her long trip ateight o'clock on the morning of October 20. About twelve hours later shestruck a gale, which toie off the outerbobstays. On the next day the foreupper topsail was carried away.Nature sent the crew a Christmaspresent when they were 66 days out.It came in the form of a mirage of abeautiful tropical island. Everythingon it was plainly visible. Despite thecoolness of the weather at the time,some of the seamen say they even feltthe warm wind that must have beenblowing over the spotThe strangest part of the voyagewas experienced on New Year's day.The vessel was roaring along on theedge of a hurricane. The wind fromthe northwest was blowing 75 miles anhour. Rain came down in sheets andthe crash of thunder sounded like abattery of heavy artillery in action.Lightning flashed from the skies atfrequent Intervals. One bolt struckthe main skysail yard and leaped inbounds from it to the upper foresail,to the lower foresail and then to thecrossjack yard, which it snapped off.Second Mate William Swater wasstanding beneath the mainmast Nearby stood Augustus Rose, and cabinboy Fred Hart was passing with atray of food. The pipe which Swaterwas smoking was broken off at thestem by the lightning. Rose's wooden leg was shattered and the tray offood was tossed into the sea. A pinelog about 85 feet In length and about18 Inches square was split in half asthough by a saw.The last hurricane of the voyage, onJanuary 30, tore away every sail. Thevessel sprung a leak just above the,water line.The Aryan was constructed 20 yearsago at Phippsburg, Me. She will probably be the last ship from this port tomake the voyage around the Horn, asthe opening of the Panama canal willsound the deathknell of such trips.MARRIED ABROAD BY PROXYHolland Woman Who Was MarriedThere by "Glove" CeremonyIs Nearly Barred.New York. When Mrs. Samuel Silvers tein, who arrived recently fromHolland on board the Rotterdam, in answering the questions of the immigration officials announced she had beenmarried by proxy, she came near being barred as an undesirable alienuntil the Dutch custom of "marriagewith the glove" was explained.Mrs. Silverstein was Miss ElizabethVan Daolo until the brother of herhusband bought a pair of gloves and,placing one of them on her right, handat her home in Holland, declared herthe wife of Samuel, who went througha similar ceremony in New York before the Dutch consul.The proxy wedding was arrangedwhen Mrs. Silverstein objected toleaving her native country "unmarried." Silverstein was at the pier tomeet his wife, and when she was finally permitted to land said he had arranged to be married again accordingto American laws. ,Marry Beside Woman's Coffin.New York.' George Helfgott, ayoung lawyer of this city, and MissViola Regine Lewis were married beside a coffin in which lay the bodyof the groom's mother. The unusualprocedure was in accordance with awish of Mrs. Helfgott that the marriage be performed beside her casket.Dead. Man by Parcel Post.Denver, Colo. "Here is a deadman," said a parcel post clerk as heheld up to the view of his fellowclerks a package nine inchesi squareand weighing seven pounds. It contained the ashea of Edward E.Knotts, the package being addressedStomach. Weak?LiveLasy?wSOljLervonssfifaPlrjfcSWfrNaids digestion and purifies the blocd. A3 n. consequence boththe stomach and liver return lo tneir rorma! and healthy condition.Nervousness and biliousness soon disappear- The entire systemtakes on new life.For over forty 3ear3 this famous old medicinehas "made good"--and never moie so than today,enjoying a greater sale all over the world thanany otcer doctor's prescription.For sale at ail druC'So ki 2lqiiid or tablet form, critsyou can senci fiXTy i c stamps tor trial bos. AddressSiwi Mtfm.TtviaBaaa. R. V. PIERCE, BUFFALO, N. Y.U Need it in" YourFOR!lfe(Di1 $ DvQsjQc&srns?.xc1.2..3.Sells My ProductsGets Best PricesBrings Supplies7. Pays For itself Over and OverJSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for "booklet.Forjnformation, call manager.Cumberland', Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated..Extra50 Fine and Stylish Sample Suits for Ladies and Misses, values $15 and $20, to be sold, special at 10.90. All Women andMisses size.Made by the best manufacturers in the country to demonstrate the high character of their production.After the suits were displayed -we immediately bought themat an unusual advantage, and now we price them awf nlly low, atThe excellent tailoring perfection of fit and nnalitv. of materials of these suits and the lowfor you.Call and see them att nCorner Seventh and Main Sts.We are agents for PictorialBon Bon and W. B. Corsets.ramdnimrtitufcteiMaisIsaid RigfitlOv-er !Wobd ShinglesNo Dirt, No Bother In a very short time any building can have its firetrap covering turned into a modern fire-proof, storm-proof, lighining-ptotfroof at a very moderate cost a roof that will last as long as the buildingand never need repairs 4For Sale by K??? &. Hawkins, Millersburs, Ky.XiHY 0 along day aftervv day suffering when aidis at hand so convenient andat so little cost,Dr Pierce's GoldenMed&iscoveryI).99SALE BYcotonFARMERQ&ao3SP& C2SSS)((1THEwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works for him. He will reply:4. Protects the Home5. Helps the Housewife6. Increases ProfitsYalues!10.90orice will make a prjuirl rmrriiasa'. Dpfirai storePatterns, Buster Brown Hose,Irito his widow t San Francisco. k1-4 ?4$ rV Vr-ffc-S"-U&1ti- V.v s-' " 1 ij 1 1. Z-. T.-i .! -"rqfP"-L. u LTHE BOURBON f NEWS8 PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 16, 1913,'wmm'mmimmmtmammmimammmmmmmtimmmmmmmmi I A JL fen:I ! w Iff Iral iftil frdf I I mJI 1 LLjLJiBtzrJ';tB,L 9m9ffi -' I II n D1TiPH" r-"frPiMJm!;7" I "Ilk & -jia Kl I5aasK g. , i ;; , j. am granH Wb fl&& tl 111 I31 paffilPBBIiraB I illl'1"1J Victor Bogaert Co., 'Jewelers and ImporetrsDEALERS IN HIGH-CLASSI Diamonds and jPrecious IStonesWjid&flflkf"Ui'1 &&&' iPPy ill Hi Iw):f2yy Nil Ml(Qggp If Hi II- IF OF rfiPPFT Rlirq MATTINGS!.. C1y now1 9x10 Crex; nowlressssraftI AN AGGORrsThat can be changed to two, three or four grains to a hill without stopping the team.iiBLACKAccurate, simple,Call and see it demonstrated.FOR SALE BYYerkes & Prichard,VDEALERS IN FARM MACHINERY, WAGONS, BUGGIES, AUTOMOBILES,COAL PEED ANDISALT.I fOF CARPETS, RUGS, MATTINGSAND LINOLEUMS.If..,- QJLt, Hnonin Inow bos iui opniiy utaimiy9x12 Wiltana Seamless Velvet Rug, $35.G0,now $J23.009x12 Axrr inster Rugs, 332.00now 22.50Qv12 Spanless Brussels Rue:. 820.00.Rugs, 12. 0D,mmmmmmmtimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmL F. Whesier Furniture Go.Main and Third Sts, CHAS. GREHN, Mgr. Paris, Ky.;nrziiROC3KHAWKand will put each hillA .)ii14.739.001H PLANTERINO. ISin its proper place..- " .-If&f&Hard to Tell."Old Rocks, the multi-millionaire,is feeling awfully depressed.""What's the matter?""Why, he made a bad investmentlast summer and will lose $10,000. Itbreaks him all up. Says he knows he'son his way to 'the poorhouse. I pointed out to him that he could lose $10,000 a year for 1,500 years without coming to the end of his pile. And whatdo you suppose he said?""Give it up.""He said: 'And what will happen tome then!' "Glad Tidings."Well, Uncle Rastus, how are yougetting along?""Fust rate, suh, fust rate. An' I'sestill keepin' one ob my yeah's ter deground', sah.""Oh, the political campaigns areended for a while.""I knows dat, but I'se jus' er-elis-tenin'ter hear dat big fat 'possumwhen he fall, an' I'se sho gwine tergit 'im!"Brute."Mary," he pleaded, "will you pleasequit talking for a few minutes? I'mtrying to think.""I can talk and think," she peevishly replied. "I can't understand whyyou are not able to listen to me andthink.""I can. Only the things I thinkwhile I'm listening to you don't get. meanything.""Why does a woman always add apostscript to a letter?""Because she likes to have the lastword."Choice.There's nothing to it, gentle springThe season is for love;When days are cold and drear, by jing,I'd rather hug a stove!Successful Expedient."I tried to sing my youngest boy tosleep," wid Senator Sorghum, "but itwouldn't work. Then I told him astory, and that wouldn't work, either.""How did you get him to sleep?""My wife came to the rescue withone of her clever suggestions. I delivered one of my speeches to him."Finishing.Tom I understand that Mabel hasbeen sent to a "finishing school."Dick So I've heard. Say, what dothey teach girls in a school like that,anyway?Tom Oh, they have a generalcourse of civil engineering, I suppose.Christian Register.Appropriate Names."Instead of numbers, the Englishhouses have names. For instance, instead of 311 Park lane, they will callthe abode 'Sunset Cottage,' and soon.""I get you. I think I'll name mydomicile 'Easy Payments Villa.'"Literary Topics."What did you discuss at the literary club today?""Shakespeare and the difficulty ofkeeping servants, Browning and thedifficulty of finding a good dressmaker, and Emerson and the difficultyof getting fresh eggs."Promising."Bliggins was always talking aboutwhat he would do it he were in a position of governmental authority.", "Well, he has a position now.""Yes, and he is already busy as evertalking about what he will do if hecan get re-elected."Much the Same.WifeWhy, George, whatever in theworld are you trying to do?Husband Putting this covervon myumbrella, of course.Wife That isn't an umbrella cover..' UHj my new black silk skirt! -Puck.OF COURSE.We carry a large assortment of Sterling Silver, andeverything in the Jewelry line.Your.patronage is solicited.VICTORI BOGAERT CO.,1 33-1 35 W. Main St.,LLexington, -Season 1913Caylor Simmons2tt2&323489Dark bay horse, 16 hands high, weighs1,200 lbs.By Simmons Boy 17517, sire of Silver Simmons 2:16, Simmonette 2:19,etc.1st dam Brilliante, by Wilkes Boy2-:24, sire of Courier-Journal 2:06,Judge Swing 2:08X, York Boy 2:08and nearly 100 others in 2:30 list.2nd dam Grace Ashland by AshlandChief 751, son of Mambrino Chief II.3rd dam Pong by Old Pilot. '4th darii Meg by Boston, (thoroughbred.) TAYLOR SIMMONS will make theseason of 1913 afc my stables in Paris,on High street, near 2nd street, at$1 5 to EnsureThe ideal carriage horse is theAmerican trotting bred horse, withsize, speed, courage, and the truetrotting gait, with plenty of knee andhock action. In addition he musthave a clean cut head and neck, styleand finish, plenty of substance without coarseness.Recognizing the demand for thisclass of horses, I selected Taylor Simmons 23489, a young horse which fillsall the requirements of the typicalcarriage horse. If the theory that"like begets like'' be true, he willproduce horses of this type whenmated with good mares. Through hisreins flow the blood of the greatesttrotting families. He traces twice toGeorge Wilkes and five times toJVlambrino Chief II. Thi3 is backed by thestout thoroughbred blood of Boston.A few of the fancy priced onessired by Taylor Simmons: Thendara,winner in the walk-trot class at theBlue Grass Fair m 1907, LouisvilleHorse Show and in the East, sold byCol. C. L. Raileyfor 2,500; AlleenPowers, sold to Godfrey Priest, ofNew York, for $1,000 ; Little Nath,sold for 500 to Eastern parties. Hisget are always commanding the pricethat pay a man to raise good stock.Lien retained on o.olts until seasonmoney is paid.y Imp. Joe IIPure Bred Shetland Stallion.Imp. Joe II, sorrel and white, registered at Port Huron, August 28,1905, No. vol. 14, page 3. Sire Jim,No. 292 ; dam Banbsy, No. 1410. Asure foal getter.10 TO INSURE A LIVING COLTTorn MackThe celebrated! James E. Clay Jack,will make the J season at Murphy'sYards. Tom Mack is the best breederof mules that ever stood in the county.I $12 TO INSURE LIVING COLT$20 JENNETM.J.:iV1llRPHY5Paris, Ky.FilmsDevelopedAny Size6 or 12ExposuresPHIIBHilHBMiThe only reduction isin price. Thequality of the work and our service remain as high andever,P. E.222 WClVfalri St.,, Phone617Y.- - Kentucky ISpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 12 l-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us upor bring it to our place.MAX MUMICK,8th Street, PARIS, KY"Call East Tenn. Phone 374 IProfessional CardsJ J. WnLTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.loom 1 Elks Buildine.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phonpq E T 136umce rnones j Home 136Kesmence Home 334DR. A. H KELLEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - - KentuckyCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3- CHAIRS - 3Expert Barbers "Polite AttentionHot andCo!d 5 Baths at AllHours. No LonglWaits.A Share of the" Public Patfronage Solicited.10A ROLLunapproachable asJOHNS,Lexingtphvy:,V ,-ftr rt fr afr,'i 'yw - ' V t.' V ,s? '-VJ1HL BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 16, 1913I!fmfc -rVIIIII 1li1IIititjBOARD OF MISSIONS.And Bible School Convention at Cynthiana Next Week.- The Christian "Woman's Board of- Missions and the Bible School Con- vention of the Eighth District com"posed of the counties of Bourbon,'- Bath, Clark, Harrison, Montgomeryand Nicholas counties will convene inCynthiana on Tuesday, May 20 for atwo days' session.Miss Anna May of this city, is District Manager of the Board.The first day will be devoted to the.-convention of the C. W. B. M. and thesecond day of the convention will bedevoted "to the program of the Bible- School.Following is the C. W. B. M. program: Tuesday, May 20 Morning Session.' 9:30 Devotional Mrs. Bruce Trimble9:45 Words of "WelcomeMrs. Lucius Desha" .10:00 Response. Mrs. Withers Davis,10:10 Auxiliary and Circle Reports.11.00 Children's Hour..Mrs. Mary S. Walden and MissWille Boardman12:00 District Report and Announce- ihents.Afternoon Session.2:00 Praise Service.2:15 Memorial Servicet Mrs. Dan Shawhan2:30 "Our Mountain Schools"Mrs. Louise Loos Campbell, 3:00 Quartette . From Church Choir3:10 AddressMrs. Lda Withers Harrison3:55 Announcement of Commitees.Adjournment.Evening Session.7:30 Devotional . Miss Ida Delaney"Opportunity Equal Rights'H. W. ElliottThe program for the Convention ofthe Bible School follows:Wednesday, May 21, Morning Session9:00 Opening Song Service in thecharge of the Cynthiana Choir.9:15 Devotional Bible StudyJ. W. Ligon9:30 Conference "The FrontStandard" State Worker10.00 Address, "The Trained Church"District Pres. W. G. Elder10:25 Special Music Local MusicCommittee.10.30 Elementary Address "OurPlace in the Line," Miss Hazel Lewis, National Elemeatry Superintendent. ,11.10 Address "The New Crusade"State Worker11.50 Announcements Committees,Afternoon Session, etc.Afternoon Session.1.30 Business Session.2.00 Departmental Conferences(1) Elementary in charge ofMiss Lewis(2) Secondary and Adult incharge of W. J. Clarke(3) Other Workers in charge ofState Worker2.45 Report of Conferences By member of Conference other than leader.'S.OO Address "The Lexington Schoolof Methods" G. W. Mills.3.15 Address "On to Bowling Green". H. D. Clark3.30 Address "The Jastor's Place inthe Bible-school J. H. MacNeill4.00 Benediction.Evening Session.. 7.30 Christian Educational Addressby speaker from Transylvania University. Garden Hose.We have a big stock of garden hoseand all kinds of nozzles. Telephoneus your order; all sizes and prices.JOHN J. CONNELLY,16-9t . The Plumber.For SalGamping outfit, complete in everydetail. Will sell cheap. Apply toJ. T. MATTOX,13-3t Paris. Kv.Frank Johnson Acquitted.Frank Johnson, colored, charged-with the murder of Orville Fisher atfuddles Mills, this county, on theght of Sunday, May 4, was acquitted-at his examining trial before JudgeBenls in the County Court Tuesdaymorning.Fisher was killed at a colored churchear Ruddles Mills following a difficulty the two men had several daysbefore. The testimony at the examining trial showed that Johnson was the-aggressor throughout the difficulty andtSiat Johnson fired the shot that tookhis life in self defense.Attorney John J. Williams represented the defendant while the prosecution was conducted by County At--torneyGeorge Batterton.ANNUAL FISH FRY,jHe!d by the North Middletown Fish. ing Club Yesterday.Following the custom which hasprevailed for the last twenty-five yearsthe North Middletown Fishing Clubyesterday had its annual fish fry onthe banks of Stoner Creek and themembers of the club together with anumber of invited guests enjoyed theaffair to the fullest extent. Comparedwith previous years, the occasion issaid hy those present to have eclipsedthe efforts of the club in their annualenaertainment.The members of the club and theguests assembled early yesterdaymorning, and soon the rods and lines"were brought into play, resulting in alarge catch from the stream. Theflsh were -cleaned on the bank andabout noon one of the most enjoyablefeasts was served.The lunch was spread in a mostsuitable spot on the farm of Mr. Albert Thomas, a short distance fromthe bank of the creek and everythingin season was served, together withan abundance of other good things,which was prepared by the besthousekeepers in that section of thecounty.Fully one hundred guests enjoyedthe day, and among those presentwere the following from this city:J. W. Davis, Judge Dennis Dundon,Hev. W. E. Ellis, Rev. F. J. Cheek,Thomas Helen Clay, W. H. McMillan,Charles A. McMillan, George R. Bell,Pe&rce Paton, W. G. McClintosk,Douglas Thomas, Ed. Bedford, T. D.JKcClintock, and J. Sims Wilson.ITROSEDALE LOTSBring An Average of $204.24 at theSale Wednesday Afternoon.Rosedale Addition on Cypress streetand Kentucky avenue was formallyopened Wednesday afternoon, whenthe sale of lots in this new section ofthe city was held, and which was attended by one of the largest crowdssince building property has been offered at public auction in this city.Forty-four beautiful building lotswent under the hammer at an averageof $204.24, and of the total of sixtyeight in this addition twenty-three remain unsold. The entire sale aggregated a sum of $9,010, and was one ofthe most successful in" the history ofthe real estate business in Paris.James Douglas, son of Mr. and Mrs.J. S. Douglas, was the holder of thelucky number entitling him to thelot which was given away free byMessrs. Henry & Bacon, the ownersof the property, who also distributedamong those in attendance $50 in goldprizes.Rosedale was purchased recentlyfrom the Wilcox heirs by Messrs.Henry & Bacon, who lately opened theaddition, making it. one of the mostattractive in the city. Nine of the lotsface on Cypress street, while the remainder are on Kentucky avenue.Following are the purchasers oflots:..o. 1 J. W. Stivers, $480.No. 2 Dave Stephenson, $377.50.No. 3 Mrs. J. L. Wilcox, $392.50.No. 4 B. T. Mattox, $390.No. 5 R. B. Cameron, $350.No. 6 S. A. Roberts, $350.No. 7 Ernest Earlywine, $417.50.No. 8 John Toohey, $400. xNo. 9 John Toohey, $432.50.No. 10 Mrs. Wm. Stewart, $280.No. 11 Harris & Speakes, $220.Ni. 12 Alvin Hicks, $235.No. 130. Edwards, $185.No. 14 Dave Stephenson, $167.50.ISto. 15 T. J. Current,' $152.50.No. 16 John Toohey, $150. .No. 17 D. Hume, $172.50.No. 18 W. F. Bryan, $150.No. 19 Knox & Moreland, $150.No. 20 Knox& Moreland. $150.No. 21 W. T. Bryan, $132.50.No. 22 W. T. Bryan, $135.No. 23 George Morat, $155.No. 240. Edwards, $160.No. 25 Mrs. J. H. Stivers, $230.No. 26 L. D. Harris, $220.No. 270. Edwards, $240.No. 28 Mrs. Matilda Quisenberry,$172.50.No. 29 W. E. Henry, $167.50.No. 30 W. E. Henry, $150.No. 31 Harris & Speakes, $165.No. 32 D. O. Hume, $152.50.No. 33 D. Humq. $155.No. 34 W. T. Bryan, $152.50.No. 350. Edwards, $155.No. 36 D. Hume, $145.No. 37 W. T. Bryan, $12250.No. 38 W. T. Bryan, $107.50.No. 39 W. T. Bryan, $102.50.No. 40 W. T. Bryan, $130.No. 42 Lilleston and Hutchcraft.No. 58 Miss Stella Hicks, $105.No. 59 Miss Stella Hicks, $77.50.No. 60 G. C. Thompson, $50.Colored Teachers Meet Today.The colored teachers of BourbonCounty will hold an association todayat the colored Baptist Church onEighth street, closing this eveningwith a big spelling match in whichcontestants from all of the eighteenschools in the county are expected toparticipate. There will be an industrial exhibit from thev DomesticScience and Manual Training depart-Rubber Glove Special.Rubber Gloves this week at the special price of 69 cents.VARDEN & SON.Low Rates to Chattanooga.$5.60 Georgetown to Chattanooga,Tenn., and return via Queen & Crescent route. Special fare accorded forannual reunion United ConfederateVeterans. Tickets on sale May 24,25, 26, 27, 28, and for train scheduledto reach Chattanooga before noonMay 29. Return limit June 5, 1913.Extension of final limit to June 25,1913, upon deposit of ticket and payment of fee of 50c. Apply to nearestticket agent Queen & Crescent Routefor full information. W. A. Becker,G. P. A., Cincinnati,.).Rubber Glove Special.Rubber Gloves this week at the special price of 69 cents.VARDEN & SON.DROUGHT BROKENBy Light Rain Fall Which Furnishes7 Tobacco Season.The drought which has prevailed inin this section for the past two weekswas broken Wednesday morning whena light rain fell. Yesterday morningat an early hour another rain heavier in volume, served to relieve thesituation and farmers were free totake advantage of the must neededmoisture to the ground and rush theircrops.The rain yesterday afforded an excellent season for planting tobaccoand many of the growers who hadtheir plant beds in good condition lostno time in getting in what they couldAbout the first tobacco transplanted inBourbon County, was that of Carmichael & Mahar, who yesterdaymorning set about two and one-halfacres to the weed.This firm has leased a Hract ofland known as the old Hildreth place,near Cane Ridge, and having theground previously prepared went towork at the first season to get in theirtobacco.Reports from various sections of thecountry are to the effect that tobaccoplant have been considerably damaged as the result of the frosts of lastweek. These reports come from sections where plant beds were sown inthe lowlands, and thise sown on higher elevations escaped serious damagefrom the cold spell.Although the two light rains afforded some relief, there is good need ofa soaking rain. Farmers complainthat the ground which has alreadybeen seeded, needs moisture to aidepth of several inches, and' at thisparticular time would prove of greatbenefit.CROP CONDITION GOOD.Commissioner Newman Comments onFavorable Sign."The season of 1913 is a promisingone," said Commissioner of Agriculture J. W. Newman, in the first cropreport for the year. Deeper plantingand rotation of crops he mentionsamong the hopeful symptoms, as wellas a favorable spring..A 96 per cent, acreage of Burley, asagainst an 85 per cent, acreage of darktobacco is commented upon, while thereport shows the condition of thedark tobacco to be 90 per cent, andthe Burley only 83.5, insects havingdamaged the latter. An average cornacreage and a good wheat stand areearly apparent.The report is of May 1, and in partis as follows:"A question of prime importance inthis report is the acreage of wheatsown last year, which averages 91per cent., and the amount left standing as of May 1, 79.8 per cent.This shows that the acreage was reduced considerably last fall, nad thata little more than 11 per cent, waslost, either through freezing or byplowing up after using same for winter pasturage. The condition of whatis left standing is unusually good,running to 96.2 per cent."It is interesting to know that whilethe rye arcreage last fall was aboutthe same as wheat, being 91.4 percent, of an average crop, 83 per cent,of the same was left standing May 1while the wheat was 79.8 per cent.The rye has proven in the last fewa more profitable crop than wheat inKentucky, and this indicates that wewill have an unusually large rye cropfor this State if conditions remaingood for 1913. The condition of ryeis given at 90.2 per cent."The barley crop was originallysmall, 85.5 per cent., and this hasbeen reduced to 80.7 per cent., as wasto be expected, this crop being usedmostly as a winter forage plant, andthe ground planted to corn or someother crop in the spring. The 'condition of barley is 80.1 per cent."While corn planting has begun, itis impossible to give an accurate estimate of the acreage planted at thistime. The report shows that an average crop is being planted."The oats acreage is given as 94per cent, while the condition statedis 89 per cent. This would indicatean extensive oat crop for the season."The indications are that 96 percent, of an average crop of Burleytobacco will be planted, while thedark tobacco acreage has dropped toS5 per cent, in acreage. This is, nodoubt, lue to the reasonable pricesfor last year's crop of Burley. Thedark tobacco prices were not up tousual, and the acreage is, therefore,curtailed. On the other hand, the condition of the tobacco beds in the darkdistrict is given as 90 per cent., whilethe Burley plant beds only show acondition of 83.5 per cent. Insectshave been doing considerable damage in the Burley region to the younggiants."Ninety-four per cent, of a potatocrop has already been planted."The condition of fruit is unusuallygood apples, 93 per cent.; peaches,79 per cent.; pears, 75.5 per cent.;plums, 83 per cent; cherries, 82.5per cent."The grape and berry crops seemto be safe, and the indications arethat all kinds of fruit will be plentiful this year."Live stock as a whole has winteredwell. The loss of horses from alldiseases is estimated at 5.1 per cent,for the year.mules 3.9 per cent. Theloss of cattle runs to 4.4 per cent.The most serious loss to the farmershas been caused by hog cholera. Itis estimated that 16.1 per cent, of allhogs in the State have died of hogcholera since November 1. This isa constant drain on the pocketbookof the farmer and calls for seriousconsideration. Loss on the lambcrop is given as 28.7 per .cent. Thisis attributed in a great measure tothe wet weather of March and April."Indications are for a good haycropincluding alfalfa, clover and timothyand orchard grass. Some alfalfa waskilled by the overflow of streams. Pasture grasses are in good condition."Summing up the report and taking it as a whole, the farmer starts infor the prop season of 1913 with conditions very favorable and with bouyant spirits. There is a general tendency to get awayfrom the one-cropsystem. Prices as a rule are good,the groundis working good, the season Is well advanced and the generaW"Low Round Trip to Atlanta, Ga., and!tone of the letters coming to this deMymuucui io ui a. uueeaui nature anafull of hope. The farmer has not beenrushed and is carefully putting in hiscrops, qlowing deeper and workine-his land before planting better than-HSiml Hn far fin cncSe mio ivery promising one."Regular Vaudeville Opens Next Week.Arangements have been completedwith the Gus Sun Booking Agency, ofSpringfield, O., whereby the regularvaudeville season will be inauguratedat the Paris Grand Monday night,May 18. The usual vaudeville act,three reels of pictures and an extragood ragtime singer will be the program. The vaudeville will be changedthree times each week and the pictures changed nightly. Mr. Sun personally promised the best acts thatwere on his circuit would be seen inthe local house this season.The picture machine has just beenreceived from the factory, where ithas been completely overhauled, andthe perfect picture will be projected.This overhauling or the machine hasbeen complete in every respect andwill eliminate the objectional flickerseen in the usual picture house.Combined with the practically newmachine, the most completely ventilated house in the city and the mostcomfortable seats will make the Granda source of delight to the lover of highclass vaudeville and motion pictures.Prof. Paul York on the violin andMrs. York on the piano will completean evening's entertainment that iswell worth" the money. Two showswill be given each evening, the firststarting at 7.3U o'clock, and the usualj admission of 10 cents will be charged,"PRISONER OF ZENDA."Will Be Shown at the Alimo TheatreToday."The "Prisoner of Zenda" with theeminent actor, James K. Hacket inthe leading role, will be the featureat the Alamo this afternoon and evening. In reviewing the merits of thisfilm an eminent critic says: "Withthis four-act film drama the producers have leaped to the pinnacle ofmoving picture fame at one giganticbound. "The Prisoner of Zenda," asshown at the private exhibition inthe Lyceum Theatre, bears a messageo hope and cheer to every friend ofthe motion picture and vindicates,beyond lal civil, American supremacyin the world of films. We have seena new standard in dramatic architecture for screen purposes, and wehave witnessed an ensemble of American artists, in whom their debut inthe new rate called forth the verybest that was in, them.The direction of "The Prisoner ofZenda," I believe, was largely awork of intelligent and enthusiasticco-operation. The skill of a talented,experienced and ardinant master ofthe silent drama is apparent at everyturn. Take but one example. The judicious employment of outdoor scenesknitted, the splendid story into a rapid and continuous whole, movie norstage can give us even the shadow ofa conception, The audience, mostlycomposed of theatrical people andperhaps somewhat inexperienced inmoving picture work, was quick toappreeciate these advantages of thene winvention and broken into applause whenever the action of thedrama was carried on in the theatreof Nature.Let it be made plain that "the newstandard" applies to this productionfrom every angle. In the matter ofinterior settings I can recall nothingfiner and more painstakingly finished.To Mr. Richard Murphy is due muchof the credit for this novel and charming feature of the production. Ahundred pairs of critical eyes sweptup and down the screen and gatherednothing but delight. Everything wasperfect, the scenes of The Coronationso apeals to the populace in thestrets of Serelaus by Black Michaeland pseudo-king, the procession to Jthe Hall of State; no detail had escaped the watchful eye of the birectors. Themarvel of the performance wasin the acting.Return via L. & N.$12.40 to Atlanta and return account General Assemblies Presbyterian Church of North America. Tickets on-eale May 13,14, 15, 19 and 20,return limit June 10. Tickets can beextended to June 30 by depositingticket and paying $1.00 at Atlanta.W. H. HARRIS, Agt.J. K. SMITH, T. A.13-2tGulf Ports Increase.In the last ten years the ports ofthe Gulf of Mexico have shown thehighest rate per cent, of increase inthe import trade of the United States.The Pacific ports stand second in thatrespect. On the other hand, the rateper cent of the growth in the exporttrade -has grown highest in the portsof the Great Lakes and the ports ofthe gulf are second. Combining bothoutward and inward traffic, the rateper cent of increase is highest in thelake ports and next highest on thegulf. It is lowest onthe Atlantic coastand next to the bottom rate on thePacific.Rubber Glove Special.Rubber Gloves this week at the special price of 69 centsVARDEN & SON.Entertainment at Old Union.The Glee Club of Transylvania University, Lexington, will give an entertainme'nt at the Old Union ChurchThursday evening, May 22, at 8o'clock. The Glee Club is composedof twenty-two members and the entertainment should prove very enjoyable. The proceeds will be used forthe benefit of the church. Admissionadults 25 cents, children 15 cents.Bib kJKROYALBAKINGPOWDERAbsolutely PuroEconomizes Butter, Flour,Eggs; makes the food moreappetizing and wholesomeThe only Baking Powder madefrom Royal Grape Cream ol TartarF,Carlisle Court The Advocate reports Carlisle-Court as follows:There was not much doing on thefarm on account of the extreme dryweather and a large number of farmers came to town to while away thetime. Business was very dull on thestock market and few sales weremade. Many traders stated that theynever saw the market so dull whenso large a crowd was in town. Several sales were made on future lambsat y to 6 cents and some wool wasbought at from 15 to 20 cents.Danville Messenger says:"Jose Mendez Ruiz, a wealthyranch owner of Mexico City, Mex.,through his manager, Avelino Del Rio,purchased in the Bluegrass last weekfour jacks, for which he paid 5,500,probably the highest price ever paidin this section for any like number ofjacks."Senor Del Rio purchased Nicholas"King from Bert McClintock, of Millersburg, which is included among thenumber.By an order issued by the"Secretary of Agriculture the State of Kentucky is released from the quarantinefor sheep scab, and the quarantine iscontinued in the entire State of Texasand New Mexico and portions of Arizona, California, Colorado, Nevada andUtah. Kentucky has been freed ofthis disease through the joint effortsof Federal and State authorities, andprogress is being made in the otherStates.Messrs. Kirkpatrick & Clay, ofrSTOCK AND10Smart Shoes For Paris Women.Women's Patent Leather onestrap Pnmp, just like illustration. Our No. 1410 black Suedeinstep, strap and top facing,soles are hand-turned, mediumtoe with no tip. This is a dressy and neat Summer Shoe forstreet wear. Priced excellentlyat 15.00.RASH &GOOD SHOESU 264 W. MAIN ST,; - -ISpot CashOR CREAM) Become a Tri-State Shipper to-day for Shipping Cream to the Tri-State Butter Co., Cin-cinnati, Ohio, isProf i table An average price of more than 2c above Elgin,since November.Safe A $75,000 corporation with an established reputation guaranteeing your shipments against loss- or damage in transit.Easy You can make your shipments every three orfour days when most convenient, cream sweetor sour.Write For Free Trial Cans To-dayGive us a trial without cost to you and let our SPOT CASHPay Checks reward you.Obr price this week is 32 cents Poor Old Elgin 28.The Tri-State Butter Company,i ,Mt. Sterling, closed a contract Tuesday whereby they became the leseesfor three years of the redrying tobacco plant at Winchester, and willopen the plant as soon as the looseleaf tobacco maarkets begin to open.This plant has a capacity of 60,000pounds a day and will be run during,the entire season.FARMERS AND MERCHANTSWHI Have s Hand in Controlling Currency System.Farmers and merchants, as well asprofessional bankers, are to have ahand in controlling the new elastic:currency system which President Wilson and the Democratic leaders in.Congress are now formulating for presentation to the House about June HThis will be especially interesting:news to agriculture States like Kentucky. Representative Carter Glass, of Virginia, who is to be chairman of theHouse Banking and Currency Committee, spent several hours Tuesdaywith President Wilson and Secretary"of the Treasurer McAdoo going overthe bill prepared by Mr. Glass as a.basis for discussion of the currencyquestion.As this is a new departure in American finance, great care is being,exercised in writing the proposedlaw, and all the expert advice possible,is beingobtained.It has already been tentatively decided to create fifteen regional reserve associations as the medium forthe issuing of an elastic currencywhich may be quickly expanded andcontracted, according to the needs ofany particular section of the country."I'Hundreds of Paris womenhave acquired the habit ofcoming to Lexington to buytheir footwear from Rash &Clay, because they have foundfrom experience that OURSHOE SERVICE is a littlebetter than they can get elsewhere in Central Kentucky.If you are not a rejjular customerof ours, why not TRY US ONCE.You'll find we have the Shoes youwant striking shapss in allN goodleathers.We are careful that every shape weshbw is a shape that spells comfort tothe feet, as well as satisfaction to theeye and every pair of Shoes we offeryou is a good pair of Shoes rightlypriced from $2.50 to $6.CLAY, Inc.POR EVERYBODY- - LEXINGTON, KYIaCincinnati, Phiol A"far -foft ,,.vTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 1 6, 1913jc'(vt2$3A-J?fttE" BOURBON SEWS.AT ALWAYS H"" . "FOR SUMMER USE.Crex Rugs, PorchSwings, Hammocks,Yard Swings, VudorShades, Refrigerators. Save you money.J.T. HINTON.For Commencement.A full line of graduating and commencement dresses at Harry Siman's.Refrigerators.See the Panama and Gibson lines ofRefrigerators, also the New Progress.in-steel best on earth. -,E. M. WHEELER, 'Robneel Building.Residence Eurned.The large frame two-story residenceof Mr. Robert Marshall, on their farm,one mile from Mt. Sterling, was. burned to the ground on Sunday morning,entailing loss on residence and household goods of about 10,000.Building Depot at Richmond.Thirty carpenters are at work on1" e new Louisville & Nashville freightt jpot at Richmond and the work is1 eing rushed with all haste in thehope of completing in within ninetydays.Examinations for Teachers.An examination of those who desirepositions as teachers in the countyschools, will be couducted today andtomorrow, at the office of Miss Rob--bins,County Superintendent, at theCourt House. This is for white teachers only.Graduating Gifts.We have a beautiful selection ofgraduating gifts, such as books, fancypicture frames, etc. Come in and lookthem over.6tf PARIS BOOK STORE.Yea For Ice i ea.We have a good one, 50 cents perpound. 'It C. P. COOK & CO.Revising K. of P. By-Laws.Past Supreme Chancellor W. W.Blackwell, of the Knights of Pythias,of Henderson, and Past Grand Chancellor O. H. Pollard, of Jackson, Ky.,members of the Revision Committee ofthe grand constitution of the GrandLodge K. of P. of Kentucky, are insession at Lexington this week withGrand Keeper of Records, J. W. Carter, revising the constitution and bylaws of the Order. They compose thecommitte appointed at the last sessionof the Grand Lodge.SOCIAL AND PERSONALMr. Harry Simon is in Chicago ona business trip.Mrs. Maria Lyons is able to beout after a protracted illnass.Hon. E. M. Dickson was in Lexington on business Wednesday.Judge E. B. January made a business trip to R-Jchsiiond yesterday.Miss Nora Woods left Wednesday for a visit with friends in Covington.COMMENCEMENT EXERCISESOf Bourbon Female College WiMHeld on May 28.BeRubber Glove Special.Rubber Gloves this week at the spe;cial price of G9 centsVARDEN & SON.For Commencement.A full line of graduating and com-1mencement dresses at Harry SimonsPrimary to Decide Battle.The selection of a postmaster forWinchester to succeed John G. White, jthe present incumbent, whofor sometime has been slated for the toboggan.Congressman J. Campbell Cantrill hasagreed to submit the selection of thenew postmaster to the people and itsaid the primary will be called atthe meeting of the Clark County Democratic Committee next Monday.Steve Vaught and Charles B. Nelsonhave been mentioned as candidates,together with a number of others.Rubber Glove Special.Rubber Gloves this week at the special price of 69 cents.VARDEN & SON.Fresh Fish.We have some nice No. -1 Salmon.It C. P. COOK & CO.Narrow Escape in Runaway.Louis Mitchell, son of Mr. and Mrs.Albert Mitchell, residing on the FlatRock pike, had a narrow escape fromserious injurj'- Saturday afternoonwhen a team of horses drawing a cornplanter took fright at the automobileof Reuben Stauther, and ran away.When the lines broke and beingpowerless to check the animals, Mr.Mitchell jumped from the machine andsustained a few slight bruises. Thehorses ran for a distance of two milesbefore their mad flight was checked,when the corn planter caught upon atree. One of the animals was badlyinjured.Mr. and Mrs. Brice Steele havereturned from a visit to friends inLouisville.Mr. Ed. Hite, chief of theMaysville fire department, was a visitor inParis Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. 'W. R. Blakemoiewore visitors in Cincinnati Wednesday and Thursday.Mrs. Chas. Mehagan, of Chicago,arrived Monday for a visit to her sister, Mrs. E. F. Clay.Miss L. C. Allen, of Jacksonville,is the guest of Mrs. A. J. Skillman onWest Second street.Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Walker andchildren left yesterday for an automobile trip through Ohio.Mrs. Mary Webb, who has beenquite ill for several weeks, was somewhat improved yesterday.Mrs. Anna Sims Lee has returned to her home in Carlisle after anextended visit in thtis city.Mrs. -Edward Tingle, Mrs. HoltHenry and Mrs. A. W.Houston arevisiting friends in Cincinnati.Mrs. George Young, of this city,is the guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. W. S. Feeback, in Carlisle.Judge and Mrs. Dennis Dudson returned home yesterday after a visit tofriends in Louisville and Frankfort.Miss Rana Owens is confined toher home on South Main street suffering with an attack of appendicitis.Messrs. George D. Speakes and L.D. Harris were visitors in RichmondMonday, where they held a sale ofreal estate.Miss Patsy Clark left Monday forHot Springs, Va., to spend the Summer with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Walter Clark.Mrs. Lavinia Ricketts, of Madison,Wis., is the guest of her sisters, Mrs.Emily Parker and Mrs. Sallie Pullenon South Main street.Mrs. Mollie Woodward, of Winchester, and Mrs. W. F. Woodward, ofLexington, were guests this week ofMrs. T. T. Templin.Little Mary Francis Lyons, granddaughter of Mrs. Maria Lyons, is inLouisville spending the summer withher mother, Mrs. George Faell.Mrs. S. Oppenhimer has returnedto her home in Huntington, W. Va.,after a visit with her daughter, Mrs.C. S. Goldstein, on Higgjns Avenue.Misses Edith and Ethel Harper,who united with the Christian ChurchSunday night, were baptized at theprayer meeting services Wednesdaynight.Mr. and Mrs. Edmund Wallacehave returned to their home in Versailles after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. N.F. Brent, in this city.Invitations have been received bya number in this city to the commencement exercises of Ward Seminary, at Nashville, Tenn., where MissMary Mitchell Clay, of this city, is amember of the graduating class." Mr. James Stuart, of Wheeling,W. Va., is visiting Mr. J. A. Wilsonin this city. Mr. Stuart was formerlyin the employ of Mr. Wilson when thelatter was engaged in the drug business in this city.Mrs. Harmon Stitt will arrive ina few davs from an extended visit tofriends in the East. Mrs. Stitt, accompanied by her son, Mr. Norwood Stitt,will leave in about two weeks forSpirit Lake, Iowa, to spend the summer. Cynthiana Democrat: "Mrs. F. P.Clary spent Tuesday with Mrs. J. L.Clark at Winchester, anr Thursdaywith Mrs. J. D. Burnaw, at Paris."Dr. J. W. Boyd, Mrs. Helen D.Rucker, and Miss Oldham motored toParis Sunday."Dr. and Mrs. H. D. Rodman, ofLouisville, and their uest.s, Mr. andMrs. C. G. Clay, of Demopolis, Ala.,arrived in Paris Tuesday for a shortvisit with relatives and friends in.Dr. and Mrs. Rodmon and their guestsare touring the Blue Grass in a mo-i 01 ccr.At their country home near thiscity Monday afternoon, Mr. and Mrs.B. F. Buckley entertained in honor ofthe twelfth "birthday of their son,Master B. F. Buckley, Jr. About fiftyyoung guests enjoyed the afternoon,during which games were played onithe lawn and ice cream, strawberriesand individual cakes were served.A beautiful birthday cake was hand-Jsomely ornamented and trinkets drawnfrom it.The Commencement Exercises of theBourbon Female College will be heldin the Christian Church on 'the evening of May 28, at 8 o'clock, and thecalendar for the week of commencement, which had been arranged, willbe carried out in detail.The school was closed on Mondayon account of the illness of one of thepupils, 'who was stricken with scarletfever.but this will not hinder the usualexercises, which will finally mark theclose of the institution. The followinginvitations have been issued:"The Class of Nineteen Thirteen ofBourbon College announce Commencement Exercises Wednesday evening,May twenty-eighth, eight o'clock,Christian Church, Paris, Ky."May 23 Piano Recital for Graduation College Chapel, 8 p. m.May 25 Baccalaureate SermonChristian Church, 11 a. m.May 26 Annual Concert CollegeChapel, 8 p. m.May 27 Recital by School of Expression Opera House, 8 p. m.May 28 Commencement ChristianChurch, 8 p. m.Class Roll: Ethel Allen, Mary ArmylCornish, Mamie Dillard, Ida MaeErion, Monnie Shuttleworth Goddard,Edith Landhorne Higgins, Hazel Jouett Houston, Nannie Bruce Miller,Emma Lois Squires.Derauded Board Bill.Upon a warrant charging him withdefrauding her of a baord bill, andissued by Mrs. J. W. Earlywine, ofthis city, A. Winkler, an L. & N. fireman, was arrested in Lexington yesterday and brought back to this city.The bill amounted to$17.00.Stone's Wrapped Cakes.The Original silver slice andother kinds at Fee's. Phone 64.fourRELGOUS.Children's Day will be observed atthe Methodist Church Sunday morningat 10.30 o'clock. Rev. J. S. Sims, pastor, will occupy his pulpit at the nightservice at 7.30 o'clock. EpworthLeague at G.45 o'clock.Fresh Caught Fish.No. 1 Yellow Salmon, Gill Net BlueSalmon at Fee's. Phone 64.You Will Be Pleased.Get shoe satisfaction by trading attf FELD'S.DEATHS AND FUNERALSVTnMcGinley.James McGinley, aged 27, diedMonday night at his home in Cincinnati, after a short illness. The deceased was a bachelor and formerlyresided in Paris.He is survived by three sisters andtwo brothers, as follows: Owen andJoe McGinley, and Misses Sarah andAlice McGinley, all of Cincinnati, andMrs. Miller, of Garlisle. He alsoleaves three half-brothers and onehalf-sister, as follows: Henry, Johnand Thomas McGinley, of Paris, andMrs. Tate of Cincinnati.Wanted!To buy, cottage or bungalow, convenient to business district.Apply toFAYETTE ARDERT,at Deposit Bank of Paris,ltpdSave Money.Come in and buy your lawn mowerfrom us and save money. We have alarge number of the best makes andwe buy them direct from the manufacturer and will save you the middleman's cost. All prices.16-4t LAVIN & CONNELL.. Wanted to BuyAbout fifty stock hogs, weight 50to 100 pounds.13-3t I. D. THOMPSON.Daughters to Meet Saturday.Richard Hawes chapter U. D. C.will meet Saturday afternoon at 2.30o'clock at their rooms in the CourtHouse A full attendance of themembers is requested.Board Defers Action.At the meeting of the Board of Education of Cynthiana held recently, action in the election of a successor toProf. T. A. Hendricks was deferred.Prof. Hendricks recently resigned ashead of the Cynthiana schools to accept the superintendency of the Paris jPublic Schools.give: aKODAKGoinmensemenf.IFor Commencement.WE HAVE THE NEWEST IN.White Materials, such as Voiles, Crepe Voiles,Mulls, &c, &cEmbroidered Flouncings and Banns to match.Laces in narrow, as well as the 27-inch and 45-inchwidths.White Charmense in Plain and Brocade.All the accessories to make the commencement andSummer Outfit Complete.Our Stock of Trimmings h Enormous.We Can Please You.W. Ed. Tucker.rNo present will be moreappreciated or useful to theyoung graduate.We have a full line ofKodaks from $?.00 to $20.00;Brownie Cameras, $1.00 to$12.00. 'Catalog upon request.Tiie Place to Piarclaase, Your Jewelry isTlae House of Quality 'Up-to-Date Goods In Sterling Silver and Gold.SHIRE & FITHIAN.IIast TTenn. 2SS. v . Jemey 130.IRRnQrWHMB I HH JMl, ftHjINTONFOR RENT.Brick house of five rooms on Highstreet, near the Bourbon garage. Willbe vacant the first of next week. Apply toJ. T. HINTON.Rrof. John Bosley a Delegate.. Prof. John L. Bosley, of Winchester, formerly of Paris, has been appointed a delegate to the SeventhWorld's Sunday School Convention,which will be held in Zurich, Switzerland, the latter part of June.Professor Bosley will sail from Boston on the "Canopic" June 12, with aparty being conducted by ThomasCook and Louis, of New York.The appointment was made by theState Sunday School Association.Professor Bosley and his fellow delegates will visit Rome, Florence,Venice. Paris, Amsterdam, The Hagueand other points before returning toRubber Glove Special.Rubber Gloves this week at the special price of 69 cents.VARDEN & SON.Babies Health League Meets.The Babies Health League met incalled session yesterday afternoon inthe reception room of the PublicSchool building. Dr. Purnell, of theExperiment Station, Lexington, waspresent at the meeting and delivereda very interesting lecture on "PureMilk." Wednesday while in the city,Dr. Pnrnell took samples of the milkproduced at local dairies and uponan investigation will report to theleague at a later meeting of its condition. The matter of regulations and prizesto be offered at the Health Show atthe Bourbon Fair in August was takenup by the league and it was decidedto limit the exhibit to thirty entries.No awards will be made on a graderf Ipkr than Tiinfitv Tioints. Priv.pshave been offered by Paris merchantsas follows: C. O. Hinton. A. J. Winters & Co., Frank & Co., and The .PeoMr. Auto Owner,Quit PayingGarage 'Billslllllll 9BlBaH-1QUALITYAn artistic structure for private use. Gives protectionfrom thieves or joy riders.The side walls and roof ofheavily galvanized sheet steel.Comes ready to set up. Allparts cut and fitted. Absolutely rust-proof. Saves $20to 30 monthly in garage.Prompt, safe delivery andsatisfaction guaranteed.American Sectional Garage Go215-219 Stevens Building,DETROIT, MICH. .A. J. FEE, Agent,Tells the Whole StoryI Price Without QualityIVfeans Nothing ...INMAN BED ROOM FURNITURECouples PRICE with QUALITY andgives you the very best values obtainable for the money you invest. Forwhen you buy this kind of Furniture,it is an investment. Every piece isguaranteed. We carry a full line in allwoods.niwiiiiim mi i mi iiJ.T. MINT0NWood MantelsSAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingAmbulancemJ-' pie's Pharmacy. ,uParis, Ky.- America.7.Vvr-JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., MAY 16, 19131tI-hi.U4v,i.I'if1JPittsburgh Perfect" FenceBecause it's Welded, you can take it Downand Put it Up Without Injuring the FenceThat's a good point to consider.Many a time you would shift a line offencing from, say, the bull pasture to thehog lot if it didn't destroy the efficiencyof the fence.In "Pittsburgh Perfect", the only fencewith electrically welded joints, the stays"are permanently joined to the line wires.Made in Different Stylc'for FIELD, FARM, RANCH, LAWN, fc",r,r PJ r.nnMtlfpPflCHICKEN. POULTRY and RABBIT YARD and GARDEN lVery AA.UU VJUaiautCCUAsk your dealer for "Pittsburgh Perfect" and insist on his furnishing it. Do not allow him to persuadeyou that some other fence is just as good. If he doesn't sell it, write us direct."Pittsburgh Perfect" Brand of Barbed Wire;Bright, Annealed & Galvanized Wire; TwistedCable Wire; Hard Spring Coil Wire; FenceStaples; Poultry Netting Staples; Regular WireNails; Galvanized Wire Nails; Large(HeadRoofing Nails; Single Loop Bale Ties; Pittsburgh Perfect" Fencing. All made of OpenHeartb materiaLInsure with W. 0. Hinton.Prompt- paying non - unioncompanies. tftypewriterRebuilt CiRe Hew ! .Remington 6, $23SmithPremier 2, $23Remington 10, $40(Latest Model)Smith Premier 10, $40(Latest Model)Monarch, $40Underwood 4, $40. Underwood 5,$45Oliver 3, $40Oliver 5, $50L C Smith & Bro., $35We Handle Carbon Paper Ribbons forall Makes.We Repair Typewriters.We have the Largest Stock in theU. S.The Joseph Candioto Co.149-151 N. BroadwayLexington, KentuckyIf You Want to Put in WaferWorks in Your HouseOr Barn, or Bathroom Fixtures orFurnace, or Tin, Shingles or MetalBooting, and all kinds of Tin Work,Guttering, Pipss, Filters, Water Tanks,Dipping Tanks, Sewerage Pipe andClay FIups. Concrete Work a Specialty. Give us a call.We also handle the American FXld"Wite Fencing, and the best line ofCook Stoves, Oil Stoves and Heaterson the market, and all kinds of Hardware, Farming Tools, Grates andMantels, Screen Doors, Poultry Supplies, Harness of all kinds, the W. J.Oliver Plow, the best Plow on themarket. Horse Clippers, Cement, jlame, Pamt and Oils.We buv the very best goods obtainable, and our prices are right.- BEST & HAWKINS,4mar3mo Millersburg, Ky.March Gras F. LNEW ORLEANS and MOBILEJanuary 28 February 3LOW ROUND TRIP FARESTickets on Sale January 28, 29, 30, 31, February i; 2 3:Return Limit to reach original starting point not later than February14, with extension of limit to March 3, 1913, on payment of $1.00;FULL STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES:For details call on any Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, or apply toH. C.KING, Passenger and Ticket Agentt 101 E. Alain Street, Lexington, Tvy.We're Now Showing Our Fuf lLine ofSPRING MODELS!In the CelebratedSchloss Bros. & Co.High-Class Men's Suits.They Represent the New Norfolks,the New English Cutand the Conservative jModels, all Beautifully. Tailored. Pricesjranging'from $15 to $35JUST I3XTOur complete line of Emerson ShoesHawes Van Gal Hats,Stetson HatsLion ShirtsTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. WoUstein, Propri hvIt is actually a one-piece fence.Taking down "Pittsburgh Perfect" andre-stringing it doesn't hurt it a bit. Thisis one exclusive "Pittsburgh Perfect" feature of economy perhaps you haven'tthought of. Our catalogue, sent free,tells of many more. Get a copy at' once..,K9Schange'sCandy Kitcken,' 119 S. Upper,LEXINGTON, KY.Special Rates & Excursions.Eucursion to Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, may m$1.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.Tickets good on special trainonly.Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address.W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A.WROKie" Daw$!Cbe Insurance JfsenfLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::biggest and Best Paving Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137jDNROLIGESTMTTPIf you are interested in Wire Fencing, writefor FREE copy of our ALMANAC, 1913Pittsburgh Steel Co.Pittsburgh, PennsylvaniaPOR SALEResidence Property on WalkerAvenue. Adjoining BourbonCollege. Splendid Neighbor-hood.gBeautiful two etory frame house ofeight rooms, four halls, bath, pantrv,etc. Large corner lot, 60x212 feetGood stable and all necessary outbuildings. Some fruit.Will be sold worth the money. Possession at once. Look this over.S. E. BORLAND,11 tf Paris, Ky.4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour DepositsJAre GuaranteedYOUTAKENOMSKS!f You Are InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANEMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000fully PaidNotice of Application ForParole.This is to notifiy all men that the undersigned who was convicted at theMarch. 1908, term of the bourbon Circuit Court, wil apply to the Board ofPrison Commissioners at their meetingin June for a parole.3w v " RICHARD BROOKS.SEASON OP 1513.Egyptian Baron 5IIIITrial Over Track 3 SecondsSlow 2:09K.Sire of Nancy Baldwin (4) 2:29K,trotted over slow track in 1912 in2:124; Beautiful Lady, two-year-oldtrial, 1912, 2:15, last half in 1:05;Nelson, 3-year-old trial of 2:18, lasthalf in 1:02. 'Sired bv Oakland Baron 2:09,Winner of Kentucky Futurity. Sireof Gail Hamilton 2:06X, Rhythmic 2:06K, Baron De Shay 2:08Dam Egyptienne 2:18,by Mambrino King 1279.2d dam Bay Hambletonian,(dam of Egyptienne 2:18, Henrietta2:17, Fulano 2122K) by Hambletonian 10.' $25 to Insure a Living Colt.DOUGLAS THOMAS,, Paris, Ky.The SanitaryShop!With all the latest devicesinstalled in my shop tofmakeit absolutely sanitary andclean, including a PatentTowel Sterlizer, IndividualCups, Soap, etc., believe wehave the most modern shopin Paris. We have just installed a new Porcelain Tuband an up-to-date Bathroom.Hot water at all times. ThreeBarbers, all experts. Wewould like to have yourtrade. IJtake this method ofsoliciting it. Is there a reason why we should not receive it? Respectfully,Russ Corbin.WANT SAFETY FOR JEWELSTheft Amounting to $300,000 HasAroused the Anxiety of NewYork Dealers.New York. As a result of the recent $300,000 gem robbery, the greatest in many years, dealers in preciousBtones here have been taking stock ofthe defenses which safeguard the$600,000,000 worth of gems in theMaiden lane district. In consequencethe public now has a better underBtanding than ever before of the wonderful system which protects thistreasure against theft.Bach Maiden lane concern underelectrical protection is assigned a boxin which, is deposited a sealed envelope containing a key to the officeand the signature of those authorisedto open the safe. When an alarm issounded and the key removed to gainentrance to the office a record is madeand the key is again sealed by the proprietor or sole authorized agent.A report is also submitted eachweek showing when the signal foropening and closing the safe was received, with additional data as the caserequires. Thus it is seen the.t theburglar meets obstacles which are almost impossible to overcome. By daythe protection of the Maiden lane district is none the less strict, and seldom is it that even the most clevercrooks dare to venture into the sectionbelow Fulton street's "dead line."SAVES BABES; HELD AS THIEFNurse Arrested on Employer'sCharge of Stealing $600 AfterRescue of His Children.New York. After rescuing two children from a burning house March 10,Mae Benlein, sixteen years old, wasarrested recently on the charge ofstealing $600 worth of jewelry untouched by the flame. The charge wasmade by the father of the chidlren,George H. Murray, a broker.On the night of the fire, Mr. andMrs. Murray went to a theater. Theyreturned to find their home almostburned down and to learn that MaryMae Benlein.Benlein had twice risked her life tosave the children, and had herselfbeen overcome by smoke. Naturally,she was acclaimed a heroine. Her salary was increased and she was assured that she would be taken care offor the rest or her life. While thefamily was finding a new home thegirl was sent to her grandmother.A detective went to the grandmother's home and looked over the girl'sthings. Jewelry and clothing miss-,ed by her employers was found.'OLD MAN LOSES HIS BRIDE?Young Wife Makes Mistake in Roomand He Directs Three Hours'Night Search.New York. Passengers on theKronprinzessin Cecilie, when the vessel reached port from Bremen, broughtan amusing story of an elderly bridegroom who lost his nineteen-year-oldbride for three hours one night on thevoyage.The bride said good night and lefther husband of seventy-two years inthe smoking room. Half an hour laterhe decided to go to his stateroom. Hewas startled to find his bride away,and after waiting fifteen minutes gavean alarm.Seven stewards searched the linerfor two hours, and brought the reportthat she must have been drowned.Then the husband led a search party himself. After awakening the occupants of seventy rooms he found hiswife peacefully sleeping in an unoccupied stateroom next to his own.She had made a mistake, she explained. Trim Hats by Law in Berlin.Berlin. The headgear of Berlinwnmon Is to be flirthpr rprtnnofl "hxrpolice regulation. Long hatpins al-reaay nave uccu piumuntju, ana acampaign is about to begin againstthe projecting feather and trimmingsstiffened with wire or otherwise.Many men have made complaintsagainst these projecting ornaments,and recently the eye of a straphangerin a street car was injured dangerously by a wired feather. The womenure lnulKuain ua uic piuyuneu jjuwuoorder.tTn rofrfirfl to skin diseases, medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Don't imprison the disease germs Inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by usingthe healing agents in the form of aliquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT.A simple wash: A compound of Oilof Wintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined In the DJD.D.Prescription. This penetrates to thesy"When I invest inbuy a Studebaker, thenit's a safe investment"Of course it is! Siudehake? wagons arebuilt on honor, with sixty years of wagonbuilding experience and with every wagongoes a Studebaker guarantee.You can't afford to have a dealer sell you someother wagon represented to be "just as good."If you want a wagon that will last, run easily andstand up to its work, there is only one wagon to buyand that's a Studebaker.Don't trade tdn extra years of service for a fewdollars difference in price.Studebaker wagons are made to fit every requirement of business or pleasure, in city, town orcountry.Farm Wagons Business Wagons TrucksSurreys Bugciea RunaboutsPony Carriages Dump Carts HarnessEach the best of its kindSee our Dealer or write us.STUDEBAKER. South Bend, Ind.NEW YORK CHICAGO DALLAS KANSAS CITY DENVERMINNEAPOLIS SALT LAKE CITY SAN FRANCISCO PORTLAND, ORE.IL. & N. TIFIE-TABLIN EFFECT MAY 4, 1913No.341342971040373123326259.38385393083231FROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5.21 airLexington. Ky., Daily 5.1SairaGyiithiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.35 anM aysville, Ky. , Daily Exeept Sunday . T 7.38 anallowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday f 7.40 anaLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.22 amCincinnati, O., Duily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24- anaLexington, Ky,, Daily Except Sunday 12.00 mCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. 3.15 pm.Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.33 pmKnoxville. Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.35 pm.Cincinnati, O. , Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,06 pm.Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 amJacksonville. Fla. , Daily 6.18 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains DepartNo. TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 an40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7.50 arc10 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.50 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily : . 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn. , Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.20 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily io.29 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pn26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .' 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 3.33 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4Q pn9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday h.oQ pm.39 Lexington, Ky. . Daily Except Sunday is.SS pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.23 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .. 620 pn30 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday ..".... .6.35 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily .".io!o5 pro31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pirb.WdteC IlVdL'IES-T.AJB H.EIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Traixis rrrve'No. FROM -C2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except", Sund a 7.44 amT4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday !3!30 pro8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday .'.5.50 pmTrainsJNO. TO37 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.44 am'1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday . 053 amr1 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Smrla v .". 5 '4 pm"WE a41DANIELMade In Kmtucky by CHAS. C.Cure Eczemadisease germsand destroys them, tbs&soothes and heals the skin as nothis&else has ever done.A 50 cent bottle will start the cureand give you instant relief.We have made fast friends of morathan one family by recommendatlnsthis D.D.D. Prescription to a skin sufferer here and there, and we want yoirto try It now on our positive pay guarantee. D.D.D. Soap keeps the: poresclean; ask us.---"Chas. E. Butler & Son, Paris,rStuDtBAWra wagonDepart!BOON AXLE GREASEAnd don'thave to greasebut once aweek.,STOLL OIL CO. LixintoBr Ky.it-$ 4t1-i?" V-JT '. "-4Si.VVr r-.Au.iHMyMJtfc ,,,Jf4. Ji---srf-r- - xa .-T.--..? &: rt?--.. "i:t- I1"-AJUjatfr,'.1'1m' at.maeWH Vi' Ti ,--iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS," KY., MAY 16 1913- - T1mmmmrAT ALAMO THEATRErTo-day,00FridayMay - 16th,A Magnificent Pfooto Production that lias Created Amazing FuroreJames K. Hackett"THEIn he is Famous, Thrilling, Dual RolerltwlliiEliIENDABy Anthony Hope, in Four Reels.A Work of Art, An Achievement, a Reyelation thought impossible atThis Early Stage of Motion Pictures.This marvelous production has filled to capacity houses wherever it has been shown. Thebest critics claim this to be the strongest and most elaborately portrayed photo play ever produced.The plot teams with excitement and absorbing adventures; the acting has elicited unstintedpraise srom public and critics. The Photography is a revelation we tell you so, and you'll tell usso when you see it.20c - Admission Only - 20cChildren Under lO Years Only lOc"Biggest of all hits in the history of fifm play." New York Journal.'The Prisoner of Zenda' is better in motion pictures than the original production." jNew York Tress.X " 'The Prisoner of Zenda' is better in motion pictures than the original production. " New York Press.. " Z ITV. X. Barkley Mrs. V. X. BarkleyWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,Lexington, KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Gm"dies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow. Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at al!"hours -with the best the market affords.2Smar6mo)rapidly reduce human strengthand illness is easily contracted,but Scott's Emulsion villpromptly relieve the cold andupbuild your strength toprevent sickness.rScott a BowneBLOOMFIELD. N. J. 13.28Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.per FARM LOANS!Ceot. WO to $100,000W. KING & SON12SI Cheapsicle. Lexington, Ky.NOTICEEverybody having clothes on salewith me will please call and get themat once, as I have decided to stoD selling. NANNIE WAITS,129 Eighth Street.A Touch of the Poot LevelStartstheKisselKarTouch ths foot lever, that's all, everything else is automatic. The motors turns over theengine, spins it, then, with engine running, the dynamo charges the storage batteries forlighting and future starting. No chance for a failure, every time you touch the footlever the engine starts. The KisselKar electric system is reliable in all conditions ofleather, it is powerful enough to even drive the car a considerable distance, it " does notput sudden strains on the engine, it is the perfect self-starter with no drawbacks,KisselKarak W I ' 11Extra roomy tonneaus unusually liberal wheelbase deep low seats widerange of throttle control the easiest riding car built easiest to drive fullyequipped. tKisselKar Service is supplied by a national organization of specialservice centers of which this is one, consisting of a special building, organizationand equipment maintained by the manufacturer to oversee and give care so KisselKars in the hands of owners. KisselKar Service7takes the fmechanical side ofmotoring off your hands, lowers running cost,retards decrepitation, forestalls annoyances and insures fullest motoring pleasure."Thirty" $ 1 700- -y qjvrwoHEEP IN FAVORExperience Proves Them to Be Better Shearers and Make Improvement Use of Rape Urged.Men that think at all usually havea reason for doing things. HJence,when I began breeding Cotswoldsheep I chose thenl not because myfather bred them 40 years, but because from experience with otherbreeds they proved to be better shearers, produced more wool and made alasting improvement upon flockawhere good rams were used. Thetime has come when every manshould make the most of everything;therefore every breeder should ormust have to obtain desired results.Rape is of inestimable value and every man professing to be a shepherdshould provide at least ten squarerods of this forage for each sheepkept upon the farm, says a writer inan exchange. This crop furnishessplendid feed when all things are favorable, and indispensable feed intime of drouth. At the last cultivation of corn sow more rape, whichprovides a splendid place to weanlambs. This, together with oats andbran, helped a pair of lambs to tipthe scales at 261 pounds at the age offive months.HANDY PIG FEEDING TROUGHEconomical Plan Afforded by PlacingSlats Across Top Also KeepsAnimals Orderly.Feeding pigs from a trough havingslats put across it at intervals is saidto be a very economical plan. Theliquid is poured into a funnel-shapedtop spout, having the height tosuit the feeder. The slats keep theHandy Feeding Trough.pigs orderly and prevent crowding.The pipe is intended to carry off anyunnecessary liquid or water and iauseful in cleaning the trough.Keep Horses Well Shod.Horses are very much afraid, of ice,writes O. J. McFarland in PracticalFarmer, and it is cruel, as well asdangerous not to have them well shodin the winter.JzzW"Fifty" $2500GO H. P- "Six" $3150Fully Equippedt - jr r' fm h,Por economical delivery, investigate KisselKar commercial trucks 1500 lb., 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, tonsCall and let us explain KisselKar advantages and the valueof KisselKar service. Catalog on request.O. R. MUKLE,REXLiquiQ Poultry Reme.fly 25c"saves the Sick"For Gape, While Diari heoi, RoupIyimberneck and all Poultrydisease, No Cure NoPay, It works whilethey roost.PPV Liquid LiceICV Killer 25c.Has no "equal" as alice, nriteaid germ killer. Best wash for allsores and cuts on allstock. Finest disinfectant for house, stabledog kennel and hen house. BY MAIL aoc'THE REX CHEMICAL CO., Newport, Ky.SOLD BYIVarden & Son, I. A.JSoper, little Rock,D. B. Clark & Co., Millersbnrg, Ky.mrUnion Meat MarketF. W. SOPER, Manager185 N. Limestone, Lexington, Ky.Telephone 1 852n1"Good Meats," "Right Prices"Why eat poor Meat when it injures your health and costsyou more good money than good meat? Buy the best, eatte best, have the best of health, andjthen'jyou live' thebest. The best may be had by calling Union Meat Market, Phone 1852.fa i .POPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUN DAY, IMf o,3r 1875cRoundTrip75cRoundTripSCENIC BEAUTY v OUTDOOR ENJOYMENT v MUSICTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 am.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further information.H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON. KY.n ' ji i3??NtfStce! Poultry Raisers4-11-44CURESCholera, Gapes, LimbernecR, Roup, Canker,,'oiTa Diarrhoea and all Diseases of PoultryMiss Katie Bryant, Barditown, Ky., says: "I havs used Rrdjx: 4J1 1-44 for years aad think it the bestpoultry ierrcdy made. 1 1 cures gapes and lin&erneck without fail.Will Coomes, Bardstown, Ky., says: "One drop of Recipe 4-11 -44 dropped down the bill of a gapingchicken kills the worm and relieves the chick instantly. Itis the best preventive I have ever used."Mfg. and Guaranteed by J. Robt. Crume, Bardstown, Ky. Price 50c at all Draistj.SOLD BYChas. E. Butler & Co.HIWoodland Stock FarmHeadquarters For Draft HorsesBuster I3Dark Bay Horse, "Weight 1,7000.Sired by Imported Gitter 58803Dam by Imparted Queen 414S0$15.000 InsureBUSTKR B. is a coming three yearold and a young stallion of markedsize and condition. He is the kindthat will appeal to your fancy andyou will make no mistake in breedingto him.BURLEYBlack Percheron.$15.00ToWeight 1760insureBURLEY is a splendid specimen- ofthe draft horse and his get have proved to be of the very best. There is asteadily growing demand for the classof horses produced by Burley, bothupon the farm and in the cities. Theycan stand more work than the aveagehorse. He is 7 years old, a beautifulblack, well formed and of the clas3that catches the eye. In selecting ahorse to breed to pick one whose produce commands the best price.The Above Horses Will Make The Season of 1913j"AtWoodland Stock Farm.About 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pikh. Money due when colbis foaled, mare transferred or brec to other stock without my consent. Lieuretained on all colts until shason money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON,! Lair, Ky.Ailing SkinEczema, Psoriasis, Dandruff, Pimples, skin troubles of any kind WASHTHEM AWAY withD. D. D. Prescription for EcSemaThis mild wash will bring- you inFtant relief from that awful itch.Prove it with a 30c bottle. We guarantee the regular $1.00 size bottle toend your distress and begin your curerr your money back. D.D.D. Soaphelps, too; ask us.Chas. E. Butler&5Co., ParisKy,For Sale.KMplKiiCutting harrow in first class conditions, "Apply to zrz22-tf STUART & O'BRIEN.Kentucky Traction andTerminal Co.INTERURBAN SCHEDULELve. Lexingtonfor Parisx6.00 a m7.20 a mx8.00 a m8.50 a m10.20 a m11.50 a m1.20 p m2.50 p m3.30 p m4.20 p m5.00 p m8.00 p m7.20 p m- 9.10 p m;ll.00pm -, x Daily ExcapfcLve. ParisFor Lexington.6.45 a mx7.30 a m8.15 a mX9.00 a m9.45 am11.15 a m12.45 pm2.15 p m3.45 p m4.30 pm5.15 p m6.00 p m6.45 pm- 8.15 p m" 10.05 p mSunday.down the throat of a "gapey"chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinkine waterCUBES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbonPoultryCiireMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle ofthis medicine on hand. Write for free sampteand Booklet on "Diseases of Fowls." Address.ftDURBOH REMEDY COMPANY, LBifcgtM, Ky.Forale by "W. T. Brooks.NEW - BARBER SHOP !Windsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite'Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty."CARL CRAWFORDPhone&ifttollofjune)513 West Main Street,Lexington,my.- : ..,' T ,' ("!'.TS '."'-'vtt-2 T-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KY.J MAY 16, 1913?ft-Aii:TifeI Ii?ifefti-iIfNEWS OF MILLERSBURGMrs. John W. Mock is improving.Mr. Clifton Mann continues aboutthe same.No change for the better in thecondition of Mr. C. T. Darnell.Miss Lillie Letton visited relativesatMoreneld from Saturday until Monday. Mrs. Alex. Hunter, of Washington,Ky.,"is the guest of her daughter, Mrs.A. S. Best.-Mr. C. W. Corrdngton was in Cincinnati on business from Monday un-til Wednesday.Mr. R. L. Tarr and family returned home Thursday after having spentthe 'winter in Florida.Mr. and 3Irs. William Linvillewere guests of her mother, Mrs. MaryPoster, Saturday and Sunday.Mrs. Sarah Wright, of Maysville,-arrived Tuesday as the guest of herdaughter, Mrs. C. C. Chanslor.Messrs. J. J. Peed and AaroniSSmedley returne'd Tuesday after a two-weeks sojourn at Swango Springs.Rev. A. S. Yenable entertained theofficers of the Presbyterian Churchwith a six o'clock dinner Tuesdayevening.Mr. R. O. Chambers and son, R.K. Chambers, will .arrive today asguests of Mrs.K R. M. Johnson, for thecommencement... Miss Margaret Ashbury. of Dovr,arrived Wednesday as the commence-Mnent guest of her sister, Miss HelenAshbury, at M. F. C.Dr. and Mrs. C. C. Fisher entertained the Senior Class of M. F. C.- and their gentlemen friends Mondayevening from 8 to 10 o'clock.Messrs. Oldham, of Richmond, andKnight, of Nicholasville, were guestsof their brothers, Cadets Oldham andKnight, at M. M. I. Wednesday.Miss Elizabeth Dickson, a member of the faculty of the M. F. C, wholias been at her home at Orangeburgfor several weeks on account of theillness and death of her mdther, returned to the college Tuesday.The Commencement Exercises ofthe M. F, C. opened Thursday nightwith reading and music by the Classof Expression, The young ladies weregreeted with a large audience. - Thenumber were well selected and theywere the recipients of numerous enchores. ' We will be in Millersburg Wednesday, May 21, with a large assortmentof potted plants, and can be found atthe home of Mr. J. B. Gray. Leaveyour orders in advance with Mrs. J. B.Cray, so that you may be sure of getting just what you want. We guarantee to fill every order left in advance.The many friends of Rev. T. W.Watts, who was pastor of the ScottStreet Church at Covington, will learnwith sadness that he is in poor healthand has not been able to fill his puljit for two months. Mr. Watts wasa former pastor of the MethodistChurch here and was one of the mostpopular ministers in the community.No services Sunday morning except at the Methodist Church by Rev.' S. K. Struve, of Clarksburg, Virginia,IfsilPSPl TSZfiWS BBA. Great AssortmentI The Brightest, Newest and most Up-to-Date Shoes and Oxfords for Men, Womenand Children atA GREAT SAVING IN PRICEThisseason's nobiest creations in every conceivable style in everyleather and fabric. If you need Shoes you will want to see our greatselection. They will fill the bill in fit and style. Besides the prices arethe lowest.MMen's $3.50 to $4.00 valves Shoesand Oxfords, in Tan, GunMetal and Pat- fl QQent. Special mm m 7 5Men's Comfortable Elk OutingShoes, in Tan, Greenand Black. tSpeciaL .. Ii99. 3D -A. 3ST COwho preaches the Baccaleraute sermon to the graduation class of theM. F. C. Mrs. Spillman,"of Harrodsburg, Sunday eyening at MethodistChurch will deliver a Missionary address to the Y. W. C. A. of the college.Mr. Charles Martin is in MasonCounty on business today.Mrs. Mollie Turner, who has beenhere with her cousin, Mrs. S. B. Turner, during the illness of her late husband, returned to her home in Mt.Sterling yesterday, accompanied byMrs. Turner, who will remain untilMonday.Richard White, colored, left Tuesday for a visit to the family of his oldmaster near Midway. "Dick," as he isbetter known, belongs to the Wallacefamily of Woodford County and leftthem in 1864. He has never seen anyof the family since that time, thoughhe has kept in touch with them. Heis one of the old-time slave negroes,of whom there are but few, and he isa connecting link between the pastand the present generations. He isalso one of the only colored studentsof Berea College, and is one of themost prosperous negroes about Millersburg. vCol. George W. Bain delivered hisfamous lecture, "The Tragic Fate ofthe Titanic and its Lessons," at the M.F. Chapel Tuesday evening. He wasgreeted by a fairly good audience,which would, have been much largerhad it not been for so many entertainments in the next few weeks. Col.Bain did not come as a stranger, as hehas stood before Millersburg audiences on numerous occasions. Allwho attended were well pleased, although the shadows of time aregathering about Col. Bain thick andfast, and he is rapidly approaching his jhis fourth score milestone, his brainis as active today as it was a half acentury ago. This lecture is his latest Iproduction and was filled with gemsof thought from his first utterancesto its close.Amity Lodge No. 40 F. & A. M.,1 in special session Wednesday night,i conferred the third degree upon Mr.J. W. Miller. The work in this degree was executed by WorshipfulMaster W. A. Butler. A large crowdwas present, among the numbers being several from the lodges of neighboring cities. The occasion was marked by the attendance of Grand MasterJoe H. Ewalt, of Paris, also PastGrand Master S. K. Veach, of Carlisle. At the close of the initiatoryexercises addresses were made byMessrs. Ewalt and Veach and InnesRoss, of Carlisle, after" which themembers of Amity Lodge and the visiting Masons repaired to the dininghall in the lodge building, where asumptuous lunch was served.Mr. S. B. Turner, aged 55, whodiedv Monday evening at 8 o'clock, atGood Samaritan Hospital, Lexington,of typhoid fever, was a native of BathCounty, and his early life was spentaround .Sharpsburg. He was marriedtwenty-three years ago to Mrs. Hattie Schafor. Seven years ago Mr. andMrs. Turner moved to .Millersburg,and for four years Mr. Turner trainedhorses for Mr. S. S. Carpenter. Someof the best and most valuable horsessince sold by Mr. Carpenter wastrained by him. For the past threeyears he has been connected in thesame capacity with W. D. Mclntyre.The Right Timeust Received Front the Mast!tf4'2'ftl F-4"fc,4 IfkSf riwC-lll9 W. KJMMisses' and Children's WhiteCaiivas Button Shoes. CCfcSpecial 7 7Infant's Patent two- M Gkjstrap Pumps. Special 4"7Boy Scout Shoes. 4 Jt f$2 value. Special 9 I P7He was a member of the MethodistChurch- He is survived by his mo-1ther, Mrs. Anna Turner, two sistersiMrs. John C. Jassup, Santiago, Cal.,and Mrs. Robert Cline, of Sharpsburg;The body was brought here Tuesdaymorning. The funeral took place, onTuesday afternoon at 1.30 o'clock athis late residence, after which theremains were taken to Sharpsburg,where they were buried Wednesdaymorning. The funeral was "conductedby Rev. J. D. Redd, of the MethodistChurch, assisted by Dr. C. C. Fisher,of the M. F. C. The widow, Mrs. S. B.Turner, and her cousin, Mrs. MollieTurner, the latter of Mt. Sterling, accompanied the remains to Sharpsburg.Those who attended the funeral fromout-of-town were: Mrs. Bruce Hall andMrs. George Heck, of Paris, and Mr.E. D. Baldwin, of Maysville..Mrs. John Doley returned Saturday from Sharpsburg, where shevisited her mother, Mrs. Sarah Perry,who has been quite ill, but who issomewhat improved.Don't forget the meeting of thoseinterested in the Loose Leaf TobaccoWarehouse Saturday afternoon at 3o'clock. Owing to the limited roomat the city hall, the meeting place hasbeen changed to the Opera House, andit is very important that every oneinterested attend.However, there will be a number ofother dances.The commencement exercises ofthe M. F. C. opened Thursday eveningand Millersburg is once more in holiday attire. The following is the M.F. C. calendar:Thuisaay, 8.00 p. m., College Auditorium work of the Class of Expression. Friday evening, a cantata by theprimary department.Saturday morning at 10.30, AlumnaeDay, followed by the Alumnae banquetat 1 o'clock.Saturday evening at 8 o'clock, theannual concert.Sunday, 10.45 a. m., Baccaluareatesermon at the Methodist Church byRev. F. K. Struve, of Clarksburg,West Virginia.Sunday, 8 p. m., Methodist ChurchMissionary address by Mrs. J. H.Spillman, of Harrodsburg.Monday, 8.00 p. m., At the CollegeAuditorium, play by the Senior Class.Tuesday, 10.30 a. m., Commencement Exercises at College Auditorium.Literary address by Rev. J. B. Harris,of the Epworth Methodist Church atLexington.There will be a charge of 25 centsto the cantata on Friday evening andplay Monday evening.All other exercises are free to thepublic.TL NOTESSNAPP-DYE.Mr. Joseph Dye, of Ludlow, andMiss Mae Snapp, of Nichols County,were united in marriage Wednesdayevening in the parlors of the WindsorHotel, Rev. J. S. Simms, of the Hethodist Church, officiating.BIRTHS.VBorn, yesterday, to the wifc3 of Mr.John Davis, a daughter, weight 10pounds.Emx&mof SpringI 1119 T S1C,!INSatin Pumps.SpeciaLHENCONTRACTS LETFor Work on New Addition" to Bour-i bon Warehouse.Bids for the erection of an. additionto the property of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co. in Barns Addition, were received and opened at ameeting of the Directors of the company held at the Court House Tuesdayafternoon. The company receivedestimates on the cost of a brick structure seventy by two hundred andseventy-two feet to be built adjoiningthe old warehouse.When completed the new house willgreatly enlarge the floor space, and abasement has been provided for onehalf of the new addition, which willfurnish ample space for the rehandling of the tobacco purchased in thesales rooms.When completed the amount of floorspace will be almost doubled and willpermit the receiving of enough tobacco to insure sales every day. Workon the excavations for the new structure will be started at once and theaddition will be ready for occupancyin time for the sales of tobacco thisfall. The contracts for the new building were awarded as follows:Steel work Southern Foundry Co.,Owensboro, represented by January &Connell, Pans.Brick work George Deiterman,Paris.Lumber and carpenter work Bourbon Lumber Co. and John Arkle,Paris.Roofing, sky lights, guttering, glassand pipes January & Connell, Paris.Concrete work and excavation Stuart & O'Brien and Woods Bros, Paris.The local warehouse company islooking forward to one of the mostsuccessful seasons during the comingfall and winter and with the greatlyincreased facilities will be able tohandle a larger quantity of tobaccothan any of the warehouses in thissection.The fact that inadequate floor spacemade it necessary to reduce the number of sales each week to three, wasa considerable drawback, but with thenew addition, sales will be held eachday, and it is the opinion the majorityof the crop of Bourbon County thisyear will find its way to his market.Prices as good as those obtained onany markets in Central Kentuckywere obtained last year and the growers who consigned their crops to thelocal warehouse were more than satisfied as a result.Street Oiling About Completed.The oiling of the streets in this cityhas about been completed and thenext few days will find all of the thoroughfares covered with a coat of oil.Mayor Hinton states that another tankof oil will be received within the nextfew days, when the city band will beengaged in putting on the finishingtouches that are calculated to relievethe citizens of the dust for the remainder of the summer.For Summer Wear.Men's, women's and children's lowshoes in tans and patent leather. Justthe thing for these warm days. TheNettleton and Hanan makes for mencan't be beat the world over. We canfit you in any size.6tf GEO. McWILLIAMS.The Shoe Man.-Footwear.Ladies' high'grade Pumps andOxfords, all leathers. JSpecial EL9 A.Ckvalue WB 57Ladies' stylish Shoes and Oxfords, in Patent, Gun Metal andIS1.49KENTUCKY BOYSWill Help Erect Buildings at CampDaniel Boone.The Central Kentucky Boys' WorkCommittee have decided to let theboys themselveshelp build their campLodge and other buildings at CampDaniel Boone, and the boys havetaken much interest in the equipmentor the camp. The boys of Lexingtonalone are raising almost S1.300 to-vard the lodge building and nowthat they are to help build the lodgeit will be much more really theirsand the interest will be much moreintense. The Committee through itsExecutive Secretary has made arrangements to have some twenty-fiveor thirty of the older boys from theCentral Kentucky towns come to thecamp June 12, when the committeewill provide camp equipment, leaders and plenty of food without cost tothe boys. The mornings wil be spentbuilding the lodge, making floors forthe tents, and putting base ball, basket ball and tennis courts in shape.Thde afternoon will be devoted to recreation, such as base ball, basket ball,tennis, swimming, fishing, etc.The boys who want to enjoy thiscamp should send in their application early. Any boy may apply, butwhere other things are equal, prefeTence will be given to those boyswho could not otherwise enjoy thecamp privileges.The plans for the new lodge havejust been completed by Mr. Manley,the well-known Lexington architect,thus materially supplementing hiscontribution to the camp fund. Theplans indicate the new lodge will be abeauty and surrounded as it will beby the beautiful woodland, it shouldmake an ideal vacation home. Mr.Harris the camp manager, says: "Webecome more enthusiastic about itevery day. As the leaves have comeout and the beautiful garden of wildflowers, principally ' black hawes, locust and dogwood, have bloomed justback of us, and the pinks and arbutushave lined the cliffs of Marble Creek,its fltness has become more and moreapparent and I can imagine no morebeautiful spot."The work camp begins June 12 andcloses June 21. The regular campopening June 23.A very limited number of boys,however, can provide part of theirexpenses for the regular periods as special assistants to the cook and caringfor the dishes, it having been decided to abandon the idea of having theboys wash their own dishes and prepare the vegetables.More than 1,000,000 persons are employed in the textile mills of GreatBritain.s ,, smfflmm&BMj wassssssBm$ iFA 41Bte SP'sP I'&Wfi m r lx?. SJ'AA U6-w ..-"A'a cvri-ck?:rA :& -? ''v7A " s '-i Sfc y.A CHECK ON OUR BANK IS ARECEIPTHow many times have youtimes, neither debtor nor creditor could remember. If yourwife pays all her bills wih GHEGKS, she has a REGEIPTfor every one of her bills. It saves a lot of time and troublefor your wife to pay the household bills that way and we arehelping her to keep her accounts straight and to ECONOMIZE. Make OUR bank YOUR bank.We pay 3 percent, interest on Savings. , . .DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $100,000,003 Surplus, $40,000.00.J. M. HALL, President.Paris OdorlessMen's and ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and N Repaired.Ladies' Sefrge White Suits and Fancy Silks our specialty.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andKeblocked to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call upE. T. Phone 40.ParisOdorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.CHESTER PARKCincinnati's Great Pleasure Rcscrt-lsPermanently Opened. v "Chester Park has once again becomea permanent institution. Its gates"are open every day to the public andits invitation is extended to both thosewho lived in the city and to the stranger within the gates. This season,has been given its formal inauguration and in spite of the street cartroubles, the crowds have been in proportion to those which have annuallyvisied the park at this time of theyear.The public is hungry for outdooramusements and Chester is alwaysrelied upon to furnish the novelties,who have been out will testify the usThis year is no exception and thoseual number of surprises to be found.The free vaudeville bill for the weekbeginning Sunday, May 18, includesseveral high class acts and promisessome good entertainment. It is headed by the Edward Zoeller Trio, comedy acrobatic pantominists. This triois a recent European importation andhas played upon the big circuits during the past season. It is said to begood for a laugh every second of thetime the actors are on the stage.'Ddily'band concerts, afternoon andevening, are onthe regular programand a cabaret show at the clubhouseis one of the features. The bathingbeach will be open as soon as theweather will permit.Fine Statronery.New shipment of Crane's fine stationery in the latest style note paper,envelopes, correspondence cards, birthannouncements', etc.6tf PARIS BOOK STORE.Wool Wanted.Plenty of sacks. Highest marketprice paid.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK,E. T. Phone 22, Paris, Ky.6may-tfVerdict of $12,000 for Plaintiffs.In tne Fayette Circuit Court yesterdaythe jury in the case of Harp andHughes against the Louisville & Nashville railroad, returned a verdict in thesum of $12,000 for the plaintiffs.The production of peanuts in Burma is increasing:. There were thisVear 140,312 acres under cultivaationin that far Eastern country, 1,508acres more than in 1911.Spring Opening,New Iceberg Refrigerators.A. F. WHEELER & CO.,tf Opp. Court House, Paris.GIVEYOUR WIFE ABANK "ACCOUNTSHE CAN PAYHER BILLS WITH5iZ?CHECK5 AND KEEPjtzStv A rwFri ?u hftsm '-"'-o" - i-r.BILLSlost a receipt? How manv?C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.Cleaning Co. t41i1a wnite Jvm (rloves ( ; psmod oV. m. i om--- S ' I