THESOU RBONNEWS.VV- 'r. ',--MPUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN" THE YEARVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPT. 5, 1913.ASKS ASSIGNEE 10 SUEr,"vBOURBON FISCAL COURT TAKES" ACTION TO RECOVER THERECOVER AMOUNT LOSTIN BANK CRASR."WE KNOW HOW"&vj'imiHHvIced TeaCoastei s-?GRANT ASSIGNEE REASONABLETIME TOACT UPON REQUEST.W"With Cut StarBottoms$3.00 per DozenIced Tea Spoonsg'$1,.00 Set of Sax.- i$atwteferv5: i7iX wITATTORNEY B,ATTERTON INTRODUCES RESOLUTION WHICHPXSSES FISCAL BODY. --r:Our Entire Line ofWr J0M M OMHHHi isap Kf. ... .11 u pouiuis nic DgsiEastern Sugar $1.00With a $3.00 Purchase.Old Reliable Coffee, Per Pound ------ 30cSilver Sea Coffee, Per Pound .... .... 30cMayflower Coffee, Per Pound -30cBulk Coffees, Per Pound, 20c, 25c --.-and 30cTry this 20c Coffee it is the same as youhave been paying 25c for.Pink Salmon, Per Can . -10cRed Salmon, two Cans 25cThe Best Red Salmon, Per (Jan ocPure Cider Vinegar, Per Gallon. A. --, -30cThese are just a few of the many things thatwe can save you money on. Call and let usfigure with you-for your winter supply ofGROCERIESbefore they advance. CASHT always getsthe best for the least money. ,Stone's Wrapped Cakesreceived fresh every day.T. C. LENIHAN.Cash Grocery.iI1I-j faLL'hats IfistSoft and Stiff Hats all the latestColors and Shapes. The best Hatin the United States forS3SOS J0WkFALL SHIAThe fountain at $1.00 and thePrice Shirt at $1,50.Boys' School Shirts andBlouse Waists2MSWmWith a view of recovering the valueJL DIUUB. lltUU ill Hie KjlLl&tSllti XctUK. Ui.Paris, which collapsed about two Vryears ago, the Bourbon Fiscal Court, yffat its regular meeting yesterday jx'naspfl a. rpsnlntfrm rpmipsfinp- Ttiiolr- Iner Woodford, Sr., assignee of the de:funct institution, to bring suit againsttlie President, directors and officers.The resolution was introduced tothe court by County Attorney GeorgeBatterton on behalf of the court andthe fund which is intended to educatethe worthy young men of Bourboncounty. The court as trustee of theFund, held shares in the Citizens'Bank to the number of nineteen, thepar value of which was $100 pershare. The stock, however, had advanced rapidly. ' .The resolution indicates that thewinding up of the affairs of the institution would result in the stockholders receiving little or nothing of thecapital of the institution, and chargethat the financial affairs had been neglected. John J. Redmon and R. H.Burris were appointed a committee todeliver -to Buckner Woodford, Sr., acopy of the resolution, which is as follows: "Whereas, the Bourbon FiscalCourt is Trustee under the will ofWilliam Garth, and whereas, said Fiscal Court as such Trustee, had andowned several shares of stock in theCitizens' Banly of Paris, Ky. , andwhereas by aT certain deed of trustsaid bank made an assignment toBuckner Woodford, Sr., of Paris, Ky.,for the benefifof its creditors, andwhereas but little, if anything will bereceived by its stockholders, andwhereas said Court as Trustee undersaid will, believe that the President,directors and officers of said Citizens'Bank were negligent in the management of the finances of-said bank,and whereas said assignee has failedto institute any suit against said officers of the Citizens Bank.Now therefore as trustees undersaid will and as stockholders in saidbank this court hereby requestsBuckner Woodford, Sr., assignee ofthe Citizens Bank, of Paris, Ky., ioinstitute action against the President,Directors and any other officers andpersons, negligent in the managementof the business affairs of said bank,to recover from them the amountdue, or in other words, the value ofsaid stock owned by this court asTrustee under the will of WilliamGarth.It is further ordered that John J.Redmon and Roger Burris be and arehereby appointed a committee to deliver to Buckner Woodford, Sr., assignee of the Citizens Bank, of Paris,Ky., a copy of tfiese resolutions andorder and this committee is furtherordered to request that this suit beinstituted within a reasonable time,from the time this request is madeknown and to report to the courtwhat steps, if any, have been takenby said assignee at the October meeting of this court.Squire L. J. Fretwell presided atthe meeting yesterday in the absenceof Judge Denis Dundon with the following magistrates present: B. P.Thomason, R. H. Burris, John J.Redmon, B. F. Stipp, O. B. Lloyd,John N. Shropshire. The report ofRoad Supervisor C. F. Redmon forthe month of August, was receivedand ordered made of record andclaims for work on the turnpikes ofthe county in the sumot $2,809.50were ordered paid and accounts tothe amount of $333.24 were V allowed.Ordered that S. E. Bedford, CountyTreasurer, borrow the sum of $5,000for the use of the turnpike fund andj execute note for same payablevjian.l, J.yj.2, anu uearmg miereai. at uierate of 6 per cent from date.Miss Vella Mastin having decidednot to accept the $25 allowed her under the Hamilton Fund it is orderedthat the same be now paid as follows:To Elvira Smith, $15; to Jessie M.vFee $10.Ordered that the sum o f$2,500 beappropriated for the use of the RoadSupervisor for repairs.Ordered that the Treasurer of theHamilton Fund pay to Miss JennieHoward, the sum of $50 out of saidfund for services rendered.Ordered that the further suhk of$100 be appropriated to build theRoseberry turnpike.vS t r a w Hatsare now on sale atxHALF PRICEMitcheH & Blakemore,Outfitters to iVieni ELei:iiinimiiHiiiiiii!uiM!mmii!ii:iiiiiu!iminn):(llllIUl!HW;3HJinimilllUMIlllll!!lll!l!IIJIiafe!FRANK & CON The Store Where Reliability Reigns.--EXTRA SPECIALEDUCTIONSON ALLsoPRI6&60.6l0l)tli6rSand Furnishers- ., ..-!.. nlAK.tflVSI.tliimmimmimmifisfemsmtimSfcJ0$MWBemmm25IBI3&3SISJSflsJ!mIPlipmwiREADY-TO-WEAR.GARMENTSFor Summer WearBABIES' HEALTH LEAGUEMEETING IS POSTPONED" iThe meeting of the Babies' HealthLeague, which was announced foryesterday afternoon at the home ofMrs. W. H. Whitley, on Vine street,has been postponed one week.A4FARMER'S EYE REMOVEDAT MASSIE HOSPITALMr. J. D. Ockerman, a prominenfarmer residing near Cane Ridge, Jiaian eye removed at the Massie Hospital, Tuesday, and is getting alongt'well. HeJias been a sufferer from$ m WMMMMmmmmMammI FRANK Sc C&.N9Paris, KentuckyiV,'f))fl3m At.'(4 .-& &lMr&glaucoma for several months:iTSVi5 ;r -4T.-I- 3J-f f1TwaWflefV0fmtR. -zzm&m.JtefeMu-AHSte1',.PARIS, KENTUCKYrmir--nnriMiTrriifflr-iiiBiiiMiii"iiiii rnnntnimmiiMWMi - - amKIy 7ill:fcW;rrU.nj.yijt1'iVIIinifI -HiffHI;TILi ftI''ftIillIt1I1?fttiI Bourbon Laundryf ' DWIS & FUNK, Props.WW Telephone No. 4.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.Chance for Missionaries.A missionary stationed in a landwhere the natives were cannibalswrote for assistance as follows: "Oursmall force of brethren seems to beunable to cope with the distress"which prevails in this dark and benighted land. Many of the natives arestarving for food. Please send a fewscore missionaries."Kentucky Fair Dates.,rThe following are the. dates fixediev holding the Kentucky fairs in 1913as far as reported:""Ewing, Aug. 21 3 days.Eminence, Aug. 21 3 days.Eiizabethtown, Aug. 26 3 days.Shelbyville, Aug. 26 i days.London, Aug. 264 days.Nicholasville, Aug. 2G 3 days.Florence, Aug. 27 4 days.Germantown, Aug. 27 4 days..Alexandria, Sept. 2 5 days.Fulton, Sept. 25 days.; Frankfort, Sept 2 I days..- Somerset, Sept. 24 days.Bardstown. Sept 3 i days.Sarboursville, Sept. 3 3 days.Tompkinsvlhe. Sept 3 days.Franklin. Sep4 3 days.HodgenviiU. -m. 9 3 days.- .MbntifcellOi dspf. 9 1 days.Morgantown, Sept U 3 days- FQR WOMEN1 Is Easy to Have, Natural, Colored and Beautiful13o many women have grey or fadedv hair; neglect it until it becomes thin, jary and lifeless, begins to fall out andcalces them appear much older thanthey really are. If your hair is inthis condition get a bottle of Hay'sHair Health today. Don't wait untilsome one says how much older youlook. You'll be delighted at the2tpsuHs from even one or two applica-ftf5ionF. The grey hairs gradually dis-v :fnr"r and jour hair -will become full;, i me ana vitality. x'o one can tellSai you are using it It's not a dyeLui a nice, clean preparation thatfi'i"l ly and effectively keeps your greyisr tiark, glossy and natural colored. tr'& t-hat a1! drujjsists guarantee satb jiiaeterv or refund your money. Alvj,vs sk for Hay's Hair Health'. Itnevor fall".Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefallowing drug-iFts and get a 50c. bottle of Kay's Hair Health and a 25c.x-ake of Harfiua Soau, for 50c; or $1.00,bottle of Hay's Hair rlealth and two"' -55c. cakes of Harfina Snp Free, for SI,L. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.?-' , first-Class Workmen,Poitte and Prompt Attentionto All.iHot and Cold BathsWe .Thank You ForaJShare ofYour Patronage. 'eeei?Sii)West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo? fine work and itdever goes bck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeAirIS&&ISCan You Beiieve This?Nature's most deadly antipathyseems to have been overcome. A ratwas killed in a produce company'splant in Missouri and left four youngrats, which the cat has undertakento bring up, meantime not neglectingher duty of keeping the place clear ofall adult rats that come in sight.Australia Still Unexplored.It is curious to realize that astparts of the British empire havenever been seen by British eyes orthe eyes of any white man. Nearlya quarter of Australia is still unexplored, mainly in the west, where thepopulation averages only one personin every twenty miles.Fell Away in Old Age.A :evcisl of the rule that it isnever too Ikte to mend is found in the-"?o of a crntpr.arian of Hartford,Conn., who, according to the Watchman, lived up to the age of one hundred and since attaining that extragrand climacteric has been arrestedsix times for violating the excise law.Ancsent Alphabet,ancient Arabic ahabetTheconfour si-fed of 21 letters, to .whichmme have, sincebeen 'added. Tnethe Russian ofC9. Ihe Spanish of 27, the Italian of 20,tho Latin of 22 and the French of 23letters.Unreasonable Men."Tcu knew, my dea, men are quitenrotbible. If I accept Jack's pro.Orni, he ill expect me to marry him,and iT I lpfuse it he will expect tobn :'llopd to marry someone else."Datander.Left Charlie Guessing."Charley, dear," said youngNMrs.Torkins, "what is a four-flush?" Whydo you ask?" "Mother used the termin conversation this afternoon and Icouldn't make sure whether she wastalking about you or a game ofcards."Idiots and Accidents.Man who examined a .naphtha jugwith a match is the same fellow whoperiodically investigates a supposedlyunloaded revolver and kills a coupleof people.Light for. Photography.Photographers now receive lightvery similar to that through the traditional studio skylight by vapor tubeelectric lamps filled with carbon dioxide, instead of mercury vapor.Seeking to Improve Telephone.Because the microphone of a telephone transmitter becomes more sensitive in rarified air, German electricians are trying tocmake a practicalapplication of the phenomenon.American Salmon Tn Tasmania.American salmon in the fresh watersof Tasmania are prospering wonderfully. Some of them increased in weightfrom two ounces to four pounds in 21months. -Faults Common to All.On the whole we make too much offaults. Faults? The greatest of faults,I should say, is to have none. ThomPublisherEntered at Postoffioe it Fari3, Ky.,as mail mattei :f Ie 3cond classEstablished 188 i 30 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . J?2.00 Six Months. .1.00Pavabje in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time"; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 . cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on eBndidatflR.obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space . a newspaper's stock intrad som c 3 of revenue.Origin of Two Old Sayings."Going to the dogs" comes from the'east, where dogs are scavengers ofthe streets, and become so unclean asto be unfit to touch; while the expression "Tell it to the marines" usedto show disbelief in the truth of astory, arose from the fact that whenthe marines first went afloat theywere naturally rather "green" concerning nautical affairs, and someonewho related a very tall yarn wastold to "tell it to the marines," theidea being that they could be moreeasily gulled.Our Friends and Enemies.The things which our friends dowith and for us form a part of ourlives, for they strengthen and advanceour personality. But the things whichour enemies devise against us do notform part of our lives; we only experience them, reject them, and guardourselves against, them as againstfrost, storms, rain, hail or any otherexternal inconvenience which may beencountered. Goethe.Two Sides to the Shield.,The Cincinnati Enquirer says thatmarried men live longer than bachelors because it is so easy for the former to increase their pleasures. Whenthey strike a streak of luck they feeltwice as fine as bachelors becausethey add their wife's joy to theirown. A sophistical argument, whichsounds well enough as long as yousuppress the fact that bad luck goesdouble, too.Mummy Eyes.Mummy eyes, as they are called,are taken from the bodies of Bolivianmummies, but bear no resemblance tothe human eye. They look like glassshells with gilt inside, and in spite oftheir being solid, they are delicate andvery easily broken. When exposed todampness theNgilt appearance is lostand they resemble a piece of yellowcrystal.Long Life.Sir John Lubbock, the scientist, hasshown how long insects may live ifpreserved from accident and harm ofall kinds. The greatest age-attainedby an insect, s far as known, wasthat reached by a queen ant, whichlived until August 8, 1888, when shewas nearly fifteen years old. Anotherqueen of the same species died aftera life of thirteen years.Sure Enough."So you depend on recognition fromposterity?" said Mr. Dustin Stax."Yes," replied Mr. Penwiggle. "Another generation will recognize mygenius.'' "But how are you goingto know whether the opinion of afuture generation is any more trustworthy and desirable than that ofthe present public?"rOur Eyes Tint the World.We view the world with our owneyes, each of us", and we make fromwithin iiR thp ivnrlri wp spp wpnrvJ heapt gets nQ gladness out of sunsbine.a selfish man is skeptical about friendship, as a man with no ears doesn'tcare for music. William MakepeaceThackeray.Chinese Settlement in Paris.Paris now has a Chinese settlement,which is1 both law-abiding and picturesque. The first families arriveda year ago, and now one hotel shelters fifty-three Chinese in five rooms.The men are mostly engaged in making toys, which the women and childTen sell throughout the city.In Company.In mixed company, among acquaintances and strangers, endeavor to learnsomething from all. Be swift to hear;be cautious of your tongue, lest youbetray your ignorance and perhaps offend some who are present. IsaacWatts.Bachelor's Blunder."If it wasn't for car fare and luncheon," says a bachelor, "a womanwouldn't have any need of moneywhen she goes bhopping." But everymarried man knows better. ChicagoSWIFT CHAMP -HIGH HEELED SLIPPERBy BELLE MANIATES.Allene was indulging in the afterdinner peace of the big broad verandawhen her nextdoor neighbor,Billy, came up thesteps. Billy hadbeen her comforter and confidantsince their kindergarten days."Oh, Billy! Wemust have all thefun and rag timewe can! It will beall shut off fortwo weeks!""How did Iknow?" she exclaimed, equallymystified. "Howdid you know?Papa just gotword that somebusiness friend ofhis, a Mr. ReevesPhilip Reevesis coming here toaccept one ofpapa's repeatedinvitati ons toyisit. Papa hasbeen giving meall sorts of adviceand lessons in deportment. He describes this stupidman as thirty-five,dignified, scholarly, et cetra. Thatsounds well topapa, but it is thedescription of a bore and a prig tome."The next morning when she sawBilly going to the station with hismother, she almost weptr''"I didn't know I was so fond ofBilly!" she wailedShe had no buoyant spirits toquench when the guest arrived. Shewas so quiet and dejected during dinner that Philip Reeves finally abandoned his attempts to converse withher.Three wretched days passed inwhich Allene managed to maintain ademeanor that satisfied her father'sideas of decorum, although she felthorribly unnatural. Then came thereaction. Her father received an urgent summons to a neighboring townon business. With his departure, Allene's strained dignity vanished."Where's Mr. Reeves?" she askedof the maid as she came into thehouse from a drive."He went to the factory," was thereply.Free and alone! She hadn't felt sounrestrained since her childhood days.She flew to the piano, and the roomrang with the maddest music in herrepertoire. Then her voice burst forthin gay, little snatches of song that revealed her exuberance of spirit.At last, when she paused for breath,a voice behind her said:"Why haven't you played and sunglike that before?"She wheeled ahout quickly on thepiano bench."How long have you been in here?"she asked faintly."I came at the first sound of themusic. It is just the kind I like. Iam not educated up to classicalmusic.""Oh, I feel so much better. Really,I can't live up to papa's program anylonger.""What do you mean?" he demanded.Then impetuously and impulsivelyshe told him the deportment her father had prescribed, and the heroicefforts she had made to live up to it.A most delightful week of pleasurefollowed. Saddle horses, automobilesand mountain wagon were brought into e for various excursions and picnics. Allene found in Philip a man ascompanionable as was Billy.Crossing the lawn one day when theweather had suddenly turned too cold1to permit of driving comfortably. Allene stepped on a stone, and stumbled,"It's those absurd French-heeledslippers!" exclaimed Philip indignantly. "There ought to be a law againsttheir manufacture!"Therefore when Allene came downstairs that evening, out of sheer per-Mrerseness, she chose her very mostextreme-heeled slippers.On the sixth stair from the bottom,she utrned her foot tripped, and landed in a heap on the hall floor. 'When she opened her eyes, she wasin Philip's arms as he sat before thegrate fire in the library. She was sovery comfortable, she decided to closeher eyes again and postpone her "coming to." Then she felt him removingher slippers."He thinks my ankle is broken orsprained!" she reflected, and was gladshe had, put on her silken hose. Shehalf opened her eyes, and to her horror sow him calmly committing herslippers to the flames.She gave a little shriek of indignation and sat bolt upright."How dare you! My beautiful slippers!" "Well, their destruction seems tohave brought you to consciousness,"he said coolly. "I was afraid you hadfainted for keeps. Is your anklehurt?" -"Not a -bit!" she replied, essayingto get on her feet, but he held herfast."No, Alena! Let me tell you something. When he had told her she assuredhim she had loved him up to the timehe had burned her slippers. Now, itwas all changed.They finally compromised in halfHP he 'Cheerful jjfeIt is the right of everyoneit to ourselves and those who live with ua to live th cherfnl KfTcannot 2o so if ill health takes hold of us. -aeeriui Ule.Thwife, mother and daughter snfferinor from hot flashhe3acbicbe. backache, drassrinK-down feeling, or any other weaknesk An. JJJjrearularitiesiof the delicate r.mnii iaJ.? ,- l-Ti:eJde to disorderbut to her loved ones.There is a remedy. FortyDK.'avorifjvn restore health to weakened wcm.nnkind. For 40 j ears it haa surviveprejudice, envy and malice. . Sold by c'ealers in med.cine in liquid or tabfeSrn?Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription T nlecs can be had of drntfrfst or SBS,N.Yrent 9-&c LC0 cc 50 si2S- AddreSlTpTer1:1Br. Plarce's Pleasant PeSIeto regulate and invigoratessccaacfcj liver zna bowels, St3Sa5contd, t2ay gnSsales!LUmHBK2SlK" V2Q?FJP'Hot FactsIf you have been a housekeeper any lengthof time you have probably tried different kindsof COAL. And after all kinds of experiences and complaints you know there is justone kind of FUEL that gives absolute satisfaction always, that a isj Fox RidgeCoal. Remember you cannot order tooearly to avoid the high priees.Dodson & DentonTheHome of Good CoalYards, South Main St.12s&&sQ3&5m&s&izmtfBzsmW1.-.. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home '2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for bookletFor information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraCompanyIncorporated..GREAT TOETO -Twin Bios. Depanwi stoieCorner Seventh and Main Sis.Dry Goods, Ladies9 and Misses Skirts, Waists, Shoes andMillinery, Slightlyr TiTTO fl MI I Mini III 3n5iWhat could be belter for town or country buildings than a roofingthat wont burn won't leak that is lightning proof lasts as longas the building itself, and never needs repairs ?Cortright Metal Shingles meet every one of these requirements.Beware of imitations None genuine without the words " CortrightReg. U. S. Pat. Off. stamped on each shingle.ForBest & Hawkins,to live and eniov f h o-r..t -We ewoWe,J " Daraen to hexaoii.years experience has proven unmistakably tiatPIEHC:,9jpresegiptioiiAbout Fuel!Both Phones' 1401mbASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Tefcjephone works- for him. He will reply:H HB WB gT it IAHA NIIRSO MDAYATSoiled, Big Bargains.Sale by v.4MifSersburg, Ky.f1ai"(News.I-7fr-V- i xi.""Vtej2?aW:V.tiJMKWV-n.:Ar!A1 -& Afc. .PV4vr""&sr.3nV y-a ... -.t rit , -r .. . V..nir p,0 ifrM2L,iii'ifca,. i .3EJas Carlyle.w.- , J,'. " 'iTinM amVIklulrf-.sST4,li4VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAR'S, KY., SEPTEMBER 5, 1913uJWWMWHBMMMMMMMM,M,MMlJ.-r 4t,fcLIVEs$iPROPER TREATMENT OF EWESThey Like Clean, Fresh Drink of Water Just a Little Bit BetterThan Any Other Animal.Rrom time to time we are asked'how to feed ewes to keep them in thebest health. Many men seem to be ata loss as to how to care for ewes, asif Ihey were very different from othertfarm animals. Don't take any stock1nthe idea that ewes do not need water in winter. They need it as muchas any other animal, but they differfrom other animals in that they will.go, without water rather than drink itwhen it is fouled or unclean. Theyllike a clean, fresh drink of water justa little better than any farm animal,says a writer in the Prairie Farmer.Ewes are inclined to get fat easily.Do not feed too much grain. Feed alight grain ration night and morning-consisting of bran or oats and earn,flf Ihere are no old ewes in the lot the.corn need not be ground. If corndodder is fed the corn can be left outof the grain feed. A bit of oil mealis worth a great deal in a ewe ration,as it overcomes any tendency to impaction of the bowels, from which agood many sheep die every winter.Ewes like salt as well as other animals. Keep it before them at alltimes in the form of rock salt or someprepared kind. Timothy hay is a poorfeed for ewes, especially after thelambs come. It is of about the samevalue as sawdust, for milk making.Close shedding should be avoided, buta dry bed must be provided or elseyou may be busy the next 12 monthstrying to get rid of foot rot. Study'the ewe and you will soon learn herneeds.PREVENT HOGS FROM ROOTINGStanchion Made From Hog Crate MayBe Used Where Goodly Numberof Animals Are Treated.In reply to a query as to whetherhogs will kill out a blue grass pastureand the best measures for preventingit, Wallace's Farmer makes the following reply:The common reason for hogs rooting up old blue grass pastures is toget at the red-headed white grubswhich so often damage corn fields aftor sod. These grubs cause great damage to blue grass, and are one of theStanchion for Ringing Hogs.common causes of the brown, barespaces often noticed in blue grass during the late summer. So far as the.land is concerned, it is a fine thingto have the hogs eat the grubs. Itwould also be a fine thing for the hogsif it were not for the fact that thesewhite grubs are often infested withthe larval stage of a worm which getsinto hogs and is one of the worst ofintestinal worms.Everything considered, it may bebest to ring the hogs to prevent them jfrom rooting. The rings and the pliers jwith which to put them in can usually be bought at a hardware store, iThe method of putting them in is sim-pie, the one essential being to placethe hog in such a position that it can inot move its upper jaw. There aremany schemes which have been de jvised for this. If many hogb are to !be rung, a kind of stanchion had bestbe made out of a hog crate. If only a jfew are to be rung, the job can generally be done all right by holding ithe hog with a noose tin own over Ithe upper jaw and pioperly snubbed .' around a post. Or an iron rod threeor four feet long and looped at eachend may be used with satisfactionto hold the hog by the upper ja. whilethe ringing is being done. 'Diseases of the Hog.Ten grains of nitrate of potash ina little milk (warm), three times eachday will greatly assist in overcomingrheumatism in hogs. This dose is forthe grown hog. If given to pigs orgrowing shoats, about three grains foreach hundred pounds of live weightwill be sufficient.Hiccoughing in the pigs Is causedby a derangement of the stomach.One of the best ways to correct thetrouble is to change the sow's ration,feeding less corn and mtre of suchfeed as ground oats and bran. If thetrouble does not cease, give eachjiig eight drops of tincture of asafoetida twice a day till the hiccoughing does cease.Alfalfa Hay for Lambs.The Nebraska station found thatlambs fed alfalfa hay and corn made50 per""cent more gain than. thBe onsorghum hay and corn, and that nearly 200 pounds more grain and 300pounds more roughage were requiredto make 100 pounds of gain on thosefed sorghum hay and corn. A winterexperiment lasting ninety-eight daysehowad that alfalfa-fed lambs made52 pr cent greater gains than lambsfed prairie nay with the same grainlation..if"W MWk iwDIFFERENT TYPES 0F HORSEMen of Science Have Recently TakenUp Study of Origin and to Differentiate Characteristics.Horse breeding has been followedas a trade ever since animals werefirst domesticated, but the study oftypes has only quite recently beentaken up by men of science with aview of ascertaining the origin of thespecies and to differentiate theircharacteristics. As a result of thisstudy, based upon these anatomicaldifferences and variations which haveresulted from wide geographical distribution, and which probably originated in early geographical times, itmay be accepted that there are fourfamilies or species of horses. .The first type in this classificationis the Celtic horse, found on the westcoast of Norway, known as the FjordThe Prejevalsky Horse, Specimens ofWhich Are Now Being Bred in theNew York Zoological Gardens.horse in Iceland, Faeroe, Barra, andother small islands of the outerHebrides in northern Scotland, onthe Shetland Isles, and in Connemaraor northern Ireland.' There has alsobeen found a close kinship betweenthe Celtic horse and the true Tarpanhorse of Russia.The second type of horses is thePrejevalsky, found in a wild state onths steppes of central Asia. Thereare a few of these in England on theestate of the duke of Bedford, andseveral specimens are being bred inthe New York zoological garaens.The Prejevalsky horse is of a redbrown color with a light "mealy"j nose, has a large head in proportionj to his body, and is "cat hamed," andi less powerful than the Celtic horse.Some writers have assumed that theTarpan and the Prejevalsky horsesbelong to the same family, but this is not now accepted, on account oftheir marked differences, the mostconspicuous of which is that thePrejevalsky has the callosities on hishind legs. In this family it usuallytakes the form of a narrow strip andnot drop-shaped as is common withother horses- There has been a suggestion that this little horse only12 hands high, is the living example of the original ancestor of thej draft horses of Europe, but it seemshighly improbable, inasmuch as fossilst of the draft type have been found! showing its great antiquity, and I amCeltic Pony Developed in Norway forShow Purposes. He Shows theCharacteristic Black Mark DownHis Mane.more inclined to believe that these bigtypes are a species by themselves andshall call this family the third type.This horse is known to science as theForest horse, because he originally obtained his food by browsing on shrubsand low trees.The Arab or African horse formsthe fourth type in our" classification.His food is the grasses that grow onthe ground, and his home has alwaysbeen the open plains and hillsides remote from forests. Therefore his headis articulated on his cervical vertebraat an obtuse angle, thus forming"Hogarth's line of beauty." This setof the head has long been recognizedby breeders as a constituent elementof beauty. H. K. Bush-Brown, inAmerican Breeder's Magazine.Raise More Live Stock,v An exchange points out that ourfarmers should raise more live- stockif they expect to keep up the fertilityof their soils. In Germany there Isone head of live stock for each 3.6acres of land; in Denmark one for4 acres; In Prance one for 4.3 acres;in England one for 5.3 acres, but inthe United States it takes 12.1 acresto support one head of live stock. Ifwe are to keep down the cost of living we must keep more live stock peracre and farm our lands better.mm maI V'Ji & I miv -Worry May Cause Death.Medical science has recently explained Tiow worry commits its murders. It has reached the conclusionthat in many instances of what havebeen regarded as lunacy, and fromwhich the victim finally dies, the casehas simply been one of acute worry.Instead of the person dying of mentalbreakdown, he has worried, himself yond the year 1500. Pictures last longto death. j er than furniture, and there are paint-ings still in fair condition which haveSomething He Had Forgotten.When little Marjorie tried to spreadher toast with a piece of butter almost as large as the bread itself, herfather remonstrated, saying: "Youmustn't be so wasteful, Marjorie; someof the poor people in China have toget along on a few grains of rice eacbday." "But, father," replied Marjorie, "you must remember that riceswells."Naturally His First Thought.An American gentleman went overthe field of Waterloo with a guide,who boasted that he escorted GeneralSheridan over the scene of Napoleon's great defeat "What did GeneralSheridan say?" asked my friend. "Oh,nothing." He must have .said some-thing." "Well, he only said: Tt was .a good place for a fight.' "Pellagra Due to Flint in Water.Professors Scala and Alessandriniof the University of Rome have announced the discovery that pellagrais due to the water of the affected districts, which contains collodal solutions of flint. The disease can be prevented by adding carbonated chalkto the water.i iWhaling at Natal.The whaler Egeland the other morning brought in the first humpbackwhale captured in Natal this season.It was a good whale and very fat. Ona second visit to the ocean the samewhaler captured a blue whale 70 feetlong, which landed in the evening. Apparently the baleen whales are earlythis year. Natal Mercury.How to Reckon Tonnage.The method of reckoning a vessel'stonnage, carpenter's measurements, isas follows: For a single-deck vessel,multiply the length of keel, thebreadth of beam, and depth of holdtogether and divide by 95. For adouble deck vessel, multiply as before,taking half the breadth of beam forthe depth of .the hold and divide by 95-Some Situation, Bo!The managers of a Brooklyn cemetery advertise: "Graves finely situatedsurrounded by the beauties of naturecommanding a fine view of the bayand, in short, meeting every requirement of the human family. People whehave tried them cannot be persuadecto go elsewhere."Belated Profession.Considering the fact that human beings have always been perfectly loveljabout showing other people how tcdo their work, the marvel is that thenew profession of scientific management didn't break out sooner. TheCynic, in American Magazine.Devised From Old Legend.The Mexican stamp bears the coatof arms of the country, an eagle on lcactus, holding a serpent in its talonsThis device is the outgrowth of ilegend that the first Aztec settlerchose the site of their city from seemian eagle so engaged, and situated aithat spot.Strange.Strange things happen. ' The otherevening we were kept awake for athour or so by two men arguing a certain question and for once the manwith the loud voice was right.Always a Way to Do It.Mrs. Exe "Some husbandstheir wives by sheer audacity."Wye "Yes. and many otherssheer mendacity."winMrsbjTft: Saved Girl's Life !J "I want to tell you what wonderful benefit I have re- JW ceived from the use of Thedford's Black-Draught," writes JW Mrs. Sylvania Woods, of Clifton Mills, Ky. JW "It certainly has no equal for la grippe, bad colds, J5 liver and stomach troubles. I firmly believe Black-Draught J9 saved my little girl's life. When she had the measles, JJ they went in on her, but one good dose of Thedford's JJ Black-Draught made them break out, and she has had no J9 more trouble, I shall never be withoutBLack-drTughTJj in my home.' For constipation, indigestion, headache, dizzi- Jg, ness, malaria, chills and fever, biliousness, and all similar 5jj ailments, Thedford's Black-Draught has proved itself a safe, 5fl reliable, gentle and valuable remedy. A41 s If you suffer from any of these complaints, try Black- 4Draught It is a medicine of known merit. Seventy-fiveJ years of splendid success proves its value. GockL for Jm young and old. For sale everywhere.. Price 25 centsfOrnaments Last Longest.Ornaments last longer than anything else that man makes. There arebrooches and necklaces in museumsmore than 40 centuries old. Monuments, perhaps, stand second, andhouses third. The life of furniture isshorter still. There is very little furniture in England which dates be-weathered six centuries of life.Poet's Lot a Hard One.The lives of poets in this callousworld have ever been characterizedby misery and now a New York manis charged with a modern and mostingenious cruelty to an unfortunateband. He advertised for poems, offering to set them to music, and charging the author 21. But most poetswould prefer to be "published" beforebeing set tcf music. Springfield Republican. 'Arabia's Great Desert.In Arabia it seems that there is atract of land unexplored which isnearly five times as large as GreatBritain. Probably there is no moredesolate waste to be found in theentire globe than that which is calledthe "dwelling of the void." Not asingle river is estimated to flowthroughout its entire 400,000 squaremiles.Science Pursues .Criminal.Ultra-violet lays used while photographing a forged check are said torender detection absolutely certain.The forger uses a chemical ink eraserto remove some portion of the writing,but even though this be done so skillfully as to defy detection, under ahigh-power magnifying glass the raysreveal in the photograph a heavysmudge where the erasure occurred.Some Profit.A handful of raw pig iron, -weighingabout five pounds, is worth five cents.From it 60 table-knife blades can bemade, of a value of $15. Convertedinto steel watch springs, there can beabout 110,200 of those tiny coils madefrom it. They sell for $1.75 a dozen,which would bring the neat sum of$16,070.83 for the live cents' worth ofraw metal. Biowning's Magazine.Important, Though Unnoticed."We are apt to underestimate theforce of unorganized conviction inpolitics and religion. Mjlk costs acity as much as water, for all that itssupply is unfocussed, so little impressive in any way. The milk hasnothing monumental about it, but thelofty aqueduct is not of more account. No Doubt About What He Meant.Bass "I suppose you think I'm afool?" Cass "That's what troublesme. If j'our supposition is correct,then you are a mind-reader, and therefore you cannot be a fool; and yetwell, you understand."Fish Affected by Water.Experiments by aquarium expertshave indicated that salt water bathswill cure some ills of fresh waterfish, while fresh Yvater makes sickdeep sea denizens well.One Superstition Exploded.Contrary to general belief, a mandoes not look for a white horse wherhe sees a red-haired girl. Instead, hecontinues to look at the girl until shedisappears from view.Altogether Too Literal.Boarder (tackling a. tough steak, toboarding house keeper) "When youundertook to provide me with boardmadam, I was unaware that you meanito do so literally!"Girl's Man."The average girl's Idea of a maris what every healthy man wants tckick" From The Gay Rebellion, by KW. Chambers.5FJ-631 . W'SPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, Aj6- 31$.25RoundTripf-SPECIALLeaves CEORQETOWN 7:45am IASK TICKET AGENTGEO. W. DAVISFDNEBAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBiXIEl.BOIH.'PHONES-DAl 137; NIGHT 399.mi aa ia W1MTwin Bros.' Department701-703 Main Street, Corner SeventhSee Our Window For$12.50, $15.00Reduced to$9.98These Suits are in the latest styles' and colors and areexcellent values. Take a look at them. We alsojhave &full line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts and everything thi Men andJjBoys wear.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'YL. Wollstein, Propri or.Special Rates &' Excursions.Eueursionlto Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, $cpt 7-$L50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m.t arriving- Cincinnati 10:30 a.rm., returning leaves Jjourtn ot.station, Cincinnati, at 7 I p. m.Tickets good on special trainonly. 0 ZT ZZZZ. iLow round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address.W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, TM.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts aa a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and $1.00.WIUUAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky."Roxie" Dat)i$ iCbc insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire5 Wind,Lightning : : : : : : : : :, Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give OW "Nub" a CaH.- - '2 Helios 137 v.25RoundTripTRAINFOR PARTICULARS.and $18.00 Suits?Curtis&OverbyI Business Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 34Expert BarbersPolite AttentionMot and Cold J Baths at AllHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.NewBarberSliopWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite'Service.j '?rsEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDSpecial Prices For;3kBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe payl21-2c for greenbeef hides. Call k'usupor bring it to our placeMAX MUNICtf,Store8th Street,Oall PJasfc Tenn.PAHI kPhone 374iJ--". IW 1 MiM-i, u JinTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., SEPTEMBER 5, 1913Xl!Ifu iytT1n',..Hi43 l'if5 v-:f:K011 f5 1;I1 1ii4Pif jnt si1 1 1it.UIJfeTTefeThe Bourbon NewsEstablished Feb. 1, 1881.JJWM-T CHAMP, - Editor andPubllsherEntered at the Paris Kentucky Post-office as Mail Matter of the Second0155.)YOUNG LADIES' MISSION CIRCLETO GIVE RECITAL ON SEPT.11.The Young Ladies Mission Circlef the Christian church will give aconcert on Thursday evening , Sept.11, at Elks' Hall, which promises tobe one of the most unique and delightful occasions enjoyed by our citizens for a long time.The artists who have been engagedfor the entertainment are Miss Olive.Robertson, pianist, and Miss EdithRubeL violinist, and the urogram will"be a combined violin, vocal and pianoarrangement.nnth thsi vrmnp. ia dips nrft tcah-tuckians who have studied in NewYork, and who are going abroad thisautumn to pursue their studies.They have met with great success intheir recitals wherever they have appeared, and the dialect ,and costumejaart of the program will be especiallypleasing and attractive.Both. Miss Robertson and Miss Ru-Tbel have friends here who can testifyto their charm of manner and musicalability, and the young ladies who havecharge of the entertainment should berewarded with a packed house.Tickets will be sold by. members ofthe Circle at 50 cents each.LIGHTED CIGAR CAUSES SMALLFIRE IN ROBNEEL FLATS.As a result of a lighted cigar falling on a bed in the apartments ofMrs. Mayme Fithian in the RobneelSats, Wednesday night, the furnitureof one room was badly damaged anda destructive fire was narrowly averted. Mr. Charles Fithian was accompanied home by Mr. Oscar Hinton,and when they retired one of the num"ber was smoking a cigar which dropped on the bed when he fell asleepsetting fire to the mattress. Whenthey awoke the bed was being rapidlyconsumed and it was with great difficulty the fire was extinguished wither L ??lr ueyaruueuuMr. Fithian suffered a number of se-vere burns which will confine him to 'his home for several days. jACCEPTS MANAGEMENT OFWESTERN UNIONNOFFICE.j GARDNER-PEEL.Mr. Bruce Adair has accepted the j A parloiin the Seelbach Hotel,management of the Paris office of the j in Louisville, was the scene of theWestern Union Telegraph Co. and has j climax of a pretty romance when thetaken charge of the position. His j mariage of Miss Josie -Gardner, offather, the late A. C. Adair, held the ' Paris, and Mr. .Edward Peel, of Tucposition as manager of the Paris offi-1 son, Ariz., took place Tuesday afterce of the company for thirty-six noon. The Rev. W. Francis Irwin,years. ' of Louisville, officiated at the cere-mony.PARIS CLUB TO PLAY The wedding was to have takenCLINTONVILLE SUNDAY, t place in this city Tuesday night, but' the young couple planned to steal aThe Paris Athletic Club and a team j march on their friends and stage thefrom Clintonville will meet at White i wedding at Louisville.Park for a game Sundey afternoon. Miss Gardner, who is a popularThe Clintonville team is said to be young woman of this city, was acan exceptionally strong aggregation , companied to Louisville by Mrs. Ellaand will put up a hard fight to defeat j Isgng and Mrs. Lawrence Becralt.Paris. Curtis and Wallen will be the Before coming to Louisville thebattery for the Paris nine. Gamecalled at 3 o'clock.ALL TAILORING WORKIS GUARANTEEDCleaning and pressing, repairing,altering, and in fact anything in hetailoring line. All work guaranteed to,meet with satisfaction. The only shopin town having an expert tailor inchaige. To get the best results in allclasses of work, giye us a call.LUTHER COLLINSIn rear of Paris Billiard Hall, West(tf Cor. Main and 4th Sts.EXECUTIVE AGENT-TO MEETING 1 18 head of 729 pound cattle at $6.60 Mrs- Louise L. Campbell, of LexingOF NATIONAL ASSOCIATION. ' per cwt. Geo. Scott sold to C. F. Jn s the secretary, wil convene on- Templeman four stock hogs at $12.50 Tuesday; the Kentucky MissionaryMr. J.-Q. Ward, executive asent of each." - 1 Convention, II. W. Elliott, Sulphur,xf the State Game and Fish Commission, will leave in a few days to atendx .meeting of the National FisheriesAssociation and National Associationof Game Commissioners, which willconvene in Boston, Mass., on Septem-ber 8.TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN.I desire to announce to the public ingeneral tliat any authority srantecTfdanyone by me has been legally with-1 less than iy cents per pound. Taking.drawn by my order, and I shall con-! into consideration the extremely drylinue to act as my agent from this J weather which we have experiencedday forward. This August 28, 1913. j this summer, and the resultant shorty fSiened) FANNIE P. NORTON asre of srrass and stock water, thesetJjf F Millersburg, Ky.v -- JLrrrLAt The Columbia. sThree splendid pictures willshown at the Columbia Theatreday, which you should not miss seeing,For the Man She Loves, a Thanhau- ette county, which was completely deser drama featuring Flo LaBadic and I stroyed.James Cruze, the Thanhauser stars; ' The barn of Mrs. Odiska S. Yates,'Maria Roma," a Reliance picturewith a striking story of love and ro-aance," and "Granny," a Pilot dramaand a very interesting picture. Mr.Michael Shalet, the tenor singer, willising a new song. You should not failto hear this clever singer, who hasmade such a hit this week."The Divorce Question."Th infpnsA hpnrt prlnninn- nlnv- Kl wncn comes to the Paris Grand onof the National Play Co., is strikingobject lesson proving that divorcedotf not remedy domestic happiness !the author Urmly contending the 1Catholic church is absolutely right inits "tand on the divorce laws of thepresent -day.Tke particular couple instanced in4t vain effort to secure mutual conditkm for the betterment sacrifice thewelfare of their children leaving thejffpriMg practically parentless justTrhen they need the care of those whoare responsible for their being.Tke play is a series of stirringcwies and. climaxes and a noteworky cet portray tke varius roles. "DEATHS.AHEDGES.Mr. Oscar Hedges, who was' operated on at the Massie MemorialHospitarTuesday at midnight, diedi at that instiution from the effects ofthe operation Wednesday morning at1 10 o'clock.Mrs. Hedges before marriage wasMiss Sarah Willoughby, of Montgomery county, and was aged about thir-vty-five years. She is survived byher husband. The .-body was takento her late home near Little Rock,Wednesday, and the funeral will takeplace this morning. Services by Rev.Carl Agee. Burial at the North Middletown cemetery.WEATHERALL.Mrs. Mary Weatherall, aged fiftytwo years, wife of Mr. J. F. 'Weatherall, died Tuesday morning at 11o'clock, at Asheville, N. C, after ankI illness extending over a period of; three years. She had made severaltriP& to Asheville in hopes that theclimate would afford her relief, and' two weeks ago returned to the South-ern city. The trip,it is believed,hastened her death, and after her arrival she continued . to ktov worseuntil relieved by deathHer husband received a telegramMonday afternoon apprising him ofhis wife's condition, and he left atonce' to be at her bedside, but failedto reach her before she breathed herlast.Mrs. Watherall was a consistentmember of the Catholic church, andwas prominent in-church work untilprevented by illness. Besides herhusband, Mr. J. F. Weatherall, she issurvived by one daughter, Miss Virginia Weatherall, of Paris, and twosons, Roy Weatherall, of Paris, andClarence Weatherall, of Alabama.The body was brought to thiscity Wednesday morning and taken tothe Weatherall home, on Cypressstreet.The funeral was held at the Catholic church, yesterday morning at 9o'clock. Services by Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn, and the remains wereinterred in the Catholic cemetery.The pall-bearers were Chas. McCarthy, Leo Keller, John R. Roche, Geo.Doyle, John Kane and Thos. F. Roche.Dr. Thomas E. Pickett, aged 72years, a prominent physician of Mays-I uiv, uieu ax -his nume in mat city. Wednesday night after a long illness... party wired Mr. Davis Hutchcraft,son of Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Hutchcraft,who resides in Louisville, and he ar-. .ranged for the wedding and the se-curing of the marriage licenseij Mr. Hutchcraft and Mrs. Isgrigand Mrs. Lawrence Becraft were theonly atendants.,STOCK AND FARM I0TESSTOCKHnrliRlA Arlvnnnfp "TnlmRlnir Rnlrl lnsf wPPlr tn A' T? TCpmW. E. Little, of Clark county.pur-chased this month in Cumberlandand Adair counties 265 cattle at anaverasrfi of fi cents Tier nound. The. lot will be driven through the countryabout sixty miles to Stanford, andshipped from there.Lancaster Record: Mr. LutherGibbs loaded at Hyattsville on last JSaturday 57 export cattle weighing1 1344 pounds each, which he -sold toS Weil Bros., of Lexington, at a shadeI cattle were extremely good, and Mr.CMhhs' snip, was far in excess of whatt might have been expected."! Mrs. J. D. Booth, of near Paris,purchased two carloads of extra goodi cattle in Louisville, Monday, at a priI vate price, and they were delivered inj Paris Tuesday,be Sparks from a locomotive set fire toto-1 a 300-acre field of blue grass on thefarm of Solomon Van Meter, in Fay-widow of Judge J. J. Yates, was totally destroyed on her farm nearlJ Stamping Ground, Scott county, at ani early hour Wednesday morning. Thefire was discovered at daybreak, butgained such headway that nothingwas saved. The estimated loss is $1,-j 000, partly covered by insurance...'PARAGRAPHSWITH POINTS.r Love's Labor Lost.(ElizaberA own -News.About all the newspapers have beenable, to acomplish by the ridicule ofthe split skirt is to keep it below theknee.xThe One Who Suffers. ,(Georgetown Times.)As a man killer the motorcycle isllieginning to attract attention. But. unless somebody is riding behind, the I- jman in "the saddle Is the only onewho suffers in case of an accident.MATRMONACW B. M. WILL ELECTOFFICERS AT MEETINGLTODAY- The September vmeeting of the C. WB. M. will be heldthis afternoon at 3o'clock in the parlors of the Christianchurch. The annual election of officers will take place and a full attendance of the membership is desired.RUDDLES MILLS NEGROSHOT AT CYNTHIANA.Will Williams, a negro, of RuddlesMills, this county, was shot by Geo.Ging, also colored, at Cynthiana, Sunday night. The bullet took effect inWilliams' leg. Both claim the shooting was accidental.ONLY ONE "BEST'Paris People Give Credit Where Credit is Due. 'People of Paris who suffer withweak kidneys and bad backs want akidney remedy that can be dependedupon. Doan's Kidney Pills is a medicine for the kidneys only, and onethat is backed by willing testimonyof Paris people. Here's a caseM. Holleran, 200 W. Seventh St.,Paris, Ky., says: "Sometimes thepassages of the kidney secretionswere painful. I had backaches,too.I used much medicine, but was notbenefitted until I took Doan's KidneyPills. They .made me feel better andstronger."Mr. Holleran is only one of themany Paris people who have gratefully endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills.If your back aches if your kidneysbother you, don't simply ask for akidney remedy ask distinctly forDoan's vKidney Pills,the same thatMr. Holleran had the remedy backedby home testimnny. 50c. at all drugstores. Foster-Milburn Co., Props.,Buffalo, New York. "When YourBack is Lame Remember the Name"OVER A SCORE KILLED INFRIGHTFUL WRECK.Twenty-six persons lost their lives,and fifty were injured when theWhite Mountain Express, bound for'New York, crashed into the rear endof the second section of the Bar Harbor Limited, bearing sojourners fromMaine summer resorts. The wreckoccurred on the New Haven railroad,just outside of the city limits of NewHaven, Conn., shortly before seveno'clock, Tuesday morning.Failure to see a block signal veiledin a thick fog is given as the cause otthe accident by Engineer A. B. Miller,who says that as soon as he realizedthe danger he did all he could to stopthe train. The brakes would not holdon the wet track, and the train, running, down grade, plowed its waythrough two wooden Pullman cars,splintered them to kindling, and killedor wounded most of the sleeping passengers in their berthsAll the dead and injured were inthe three rear sleeping cars of theBar Harbor train. No one was serioifsly hurt in the White Mountain Express. Both trains were heavily laden with returning excursionists fromfashionable resorts in Maine and theWhite Mountains. They werejuinning behind time through a heavy fog.GREAT RELIGfOUS GATHERINGAT BOWLING GREEN.f Tie Churches of Christol , e .u, c f8, ? 7? iSThe eighty-first annual conventionin Ken-First Christian church at Bowling Green, September 22-25.The convention church,which was dedicated only a fewmonths ago, is a beautiful modern$34,000 plant. The program for theconvention, which has just been issued, announces an opening sessionon Monday night, the 22d, with theconvention sermon by Rev. R. N. ISimpson, of Harrodsburg; the Christian Woman's Board of Missions, theq j national missionary organization ofI the Women Of the Church, Of Whichxv- aeuretary ,nas its session vveanesday, and Bible School day will beThursday, the 25th. On theprogramare the names of State and National! ie.afe.r? of tne church. Rev. P. L.weisnimer, ot canton, O., who super-jmteuua me largest JtUDie scnooi incue worm, ana wnose cnurcn leads theDisciples of Christ in membership,will close the convention with an address Thursday night. An attendanceof one thousand or more is expected,representatives from all churches ofChrist in Kentucky. For fEis convention the railroad rate will be oneand one-half fare plus a quarter forthe round trip from all points in Kentucky. Dates of sale September 2225, good returning September 29.To NewHousekeepers !IHaving bought outCincinnati of a full line of Bed Room and KitchenFurniture, consisting of Bed Room Sets, Kitchenand Dining Room Furniture, also Front andReception Room-Furniture. Not having room tocarry it, I ani offering to sell cheap for ,cash anyitem in the, house to makeItfor Fall and Winter. Apply to ,J. ELVOVE,' " . jParis, Kentuc&y JvpurCall Home Phone 3509 -iiianimiaaiMiIWRITER TAKES A RAP ,- v AT IN DECENT DRESSING."One of the mdst prominent and influential magazines in America recently published an article by" an equallyprominent writer on "Indecent Dressing, a portion of which is herein reproduced: "Whatever may be the opinion ofthe present indecent styles in women's dress or the impenetrable enigmaof their adoption by even a portionof our heedless Americain women, weknow where they come from, and inview of that fact the remedy lies inthe hands of every decent Americanwoman."During the past five years in-particular the Paris dressmakers have,step by step, shown the steady degeneration of their waning art in the so-called 'Pans styles' which they havesent over here. Each year the tendency to lower the standards has become more strongly marked. But itmust be said to the credit of theFrench "gentlewoman that these'styles' are neither endorsed nor wornby her. She scorns them with contempt. They are creations, of the disordered minds of French-dressmakerswho have lost all sense of art and decency, Nhave become pure commercialists, and who, laughing in theirsleeves at the American women, are,as one of the greatest ones recentlysaia, seeing now iar iney can goMn making damn fools of the American women.' No. Frenchwoman ofthe slightest refinement wears these'styles.'"The Paris dressmaker has becomea degenerate, and as such it is timethat every decent American womanshould leave his designs unbought.Thousands of clean-minded and clearthinking American women are alreadydoing this, and the steady trend toward American fashions for Americanwomen, and the wonderfully rapidspread of the idea throughout thecountry, are the Urst awakenings otAmerican womanhood to the rightthing ta do."In the absolute loss of its oncesuperb art in dressing designing, Parisis onthe wane, and no one realizesit more clearly than do her own"coutouriers. So alarmed are ' thesedressmakers over the tide of revoltin America that three of their leaderscame over during the past year 'tosee what was the matter.' The present outburst of indecent dressingfrom Paris is the last gasp of a vanishing art. Paris, as a fashion center,faces the setting: sun."MRS. SUTHERLAND'S SCHOOL.Mrs. Sutherland's scliool will openWednesday, September 3.(29-2t)State of Ohio, City of Toledo. Lucas CountyFrank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business in theCity of Toledo, County - and Stateaforesaid, and that said fifm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured by theuse of HALL'S CATARRH CURE.FRANK J. CHENEYSworn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, A. D., 1886." (Seal) A. W. GLEASON,Notary Public.Hall's Catarhh Cure is taken inter-;nally and acts directly upon tneblood and mucous surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials free.Sold by all druggists, 75 c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.(Sept)Mere Is the HogLexington, Ky.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,Enclosed find photo of hog that wascured of cholera with your BourbonHog Cholera Remedy. This hog wasalmost dead before using the medicineand then was entirely cured, exceptloss of ears, tail, etc. The hog isowned fcy Mr. Skiles Ewing, of Bawling Green, Ky. ,He will be glad-togive you a testimonial, and we can getseveral more if you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRTJG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for It.FOR SALE BY W. T. BROOKS.a big boarding housein9Oroom for my general lineRANKIN NOT TO CARRYCASE TO APPELLATECUlRT.Theelection contest for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of Nicholas county will not be carried to, theCourt of Appeals by H. N. Rankin,the defeated candidate. Mr. Rankinannounced Wednesday that no further steps would be taken in the suitand that the result as shown by thejudgment of the Nicholas -CircuitCourt will not be appealed from.GENTRY BROTHERS CIRCUSCOMES WITH RISING SUN.The first section of the train bearing Gentry Brotehrs Famous Showswill arrive in this city Saturday, Sept.6 at 6 o'clock in the morning. Arrangements are made for frack roomfor the tra'ins, that are today twiceas lage as ever before.With the stopping of the first wheela host of showmen will tumble forthfrom their berths, refreshed by anight's sleep. Almost before the earliest riser is astir the show lots willbe transformed into a city of canvascoliseums. To the casual observerthis will be accomplished in greatdisorder. But the training of a circus is such that no man makes an unnecessary move or wastes energy.At ten o'clock the famous paradeof Gentry Brothers Famous Shows Iwill leave the grounds. It will trav-erse the principal thoroughfares, pre-senting to old and young a like theirnearest dream, of fairyland.The Gentry Brothers Shows, whichare the world's pioneers in tained animal exhibitions, have been so enlaged that they present the realisticamingof leopards of the jungle andoher ferocious "beasts within canvascoliseums.A large portion of the youth of thecommunity will welcome the trainson arrival, because this feature appeals to both young and old. Gentrytwo exhibitions in this city Saturday,Sept. 6. These displays will be upona larger and grander scale than everbefore in the three decades of Gentry Brother's career.DESPONDENCYIs often caused by indigestion andconstipation, and quickly disappearswhen Chamberlain's Tablets are taken. For sale by all dealers.(Sept)THE PARIS GRAND,Friday, Sept 1 2.$4xJ 4$"$404'"t'4National Play Co. Offers Wrn. AnthonyIVlcGuire's Great PSay , -BIBHBSHttiBBSMHBflMSiBHMMBBlfeSBMBB! H. A J -r 1 I J k smaBiSmKtBKmBmSWmBKmI BBHBBhKbBBBWITH GEO.A. LOVIlVaiNG.The Most Talked of Play in Years !PRICES - - 25c. TO $1.50.Reserved Seats at rVfitchell & Blakcmore'sWINDINSURANCEFire andLightningxHomas k12 Big Companies.-" ft"BLACK MOODY" TO HOLD , A. IMEETING AT BLUEGRASS PARK&')The colored campmeeting look,like it -will make a hit this time ad''tne .Blue urass .raoc, Sunday, Sept. 7-vJVKates round trip irom jfaris 7oc; cbil-ldren under 12, 4Uc. Rev. QuarlesTknows how to manage campmeetingsrand will make a great success of thione. Special cars will leave Parteat 9 a. m., and 10 a. m., for the,Park.SPEEDY CROP REPORTS.FOR . ,KENTUCKY AGRICULTURISTS?Farmers of Kentucky and other agricultural States will soon receiveGovernment crop information fromtwelve to eighteen hours after it isknown in Washington, through theemployment of the telegraph, if ascheme now in the experimental!stage proves satisfactory. The Bureau of Statistics and the WeatherBureau of the Department of Agriculture are about to try out this plan,,and have selected six States in theMississippi valley for the experimentna,mely Illinois, Missouri, Iowa, Minnesota, Kansas and Texas. The system will be at once extended to Kentucky and surrounding States, provided the preliminary tes't proves it is.a valuable reform.The Government crop reportsare now mailed from Washingtonwin hereafter be telegraphed to acentral point in each State. Therethe information will be quickly renro-duced and mailed to all the newspapers in the State, and in this waypaper not merely the large dailies,but the country and town papers litmost out-of-the-way places, should?get the information (many hours sooner than now. ,The matter thus circulated will givea full list of the crops of the countryaverage condition of each crop, condition of the State crop upon a given. 'date, and other information abouttobacco, wheat, corn, cotton, etc., oruse and interest to the farmer- iNOTICE TO WATER CONSUMERS-,Owing to the drouth in order tohave water for domestic use I an,compelled to forbid the use of waterfor sprinkling.PARIS WATER CONEWTON MITCHELL, Supt.-'WoodfofflcSK-I ILsWBBT?", sTHES BOURBQH NEWS, PARiS, KY SEPTEMBER 5, 1913r:ltm..iTVrfJ'Jicy.i-'i02.HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEJ &,ww&z&Zn i in i i -0G1AL AND . PERSONAL.Miss Mary Brannon is visiting relatives in Butler, Ky,Miss Marion Moorefriends in Bourbon.is visitingNOTICE-City tax lists -for theyear 1913 are now inirny hands for collection, at -my office athc Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.FORMER BOURBON MAN INCHARGE OF WELLINGTON.Mr. Mason Talbott, formerly ofNortk Middletown, this county, whohas "been a resident of Georgetownfor some time, has taken charge ofthe Wellington Hotel, in that city.M'MILLAN APPOINTED DELE-. GATE TO GOOD ROADS MEETINGCity Attorney C. A. McMillan yesterday received from Governor Jas.B. McCreary, "an appointment as delegate from Kentucky to the meeting ofthe National .Good Roads Associationto he held in St. Louis Nov. 10-15.Pa.RIS NEGRESS FATALLYSTABBED IN COVINGTON.Callie Fugate, a Paris negress, was- -ibbed and probably fatally wounded' turday night in Covington. Her: sailant is unknown to the police ofthat city, who are investigating thesdfair. After inflicting the woundsthe assailant carried the woman to ajecluded spot, where she was foundSunday morning, and removed to theCity Hospital.Mr. Coleman Renick is spending afew weeks in Canada.Mrs. Ward E. Wilcox is the guestof relatives in Cincinnati.Mr. Dan Sweeney, of Bardstown,is the guest of Mr. E. A. Woods.Miss Gladys Bryson, of Carlisle,was a visitor in Paris, Wednesday.Miss "Elizabeh Mann is in Winchester the guest of Miss Beulah El-kin.Rev. tJ. S. Sims hascago, to visit his son,Sims.gone to ChiMr. RobertMR. PERCY REED TOSING AGAIN IN PARIS.Mr. W. F. Turner has returnedfrom a visit to G. A. Turner, in' Chicago. . -Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theChristian church, is ill at his home onTwelfth street.Mrs. Frank Dutton, of this city,is ill at the home of her mother, Mrs.Blom, in Lexington.Mrs. -A. B. Davis has returned toher home in Covington after a'visit toMrs. O. P. Carter.Mrs. John Stuart Roberts is theguest of her father, Mr. Hugh Anderson, in Georgetown.- Miss Clay McWhorters, of Millersburg, is the guest of Miss GraceHaskins, near Austerlitz.Mrs. Anna Pierce has returnedto her home in Cincinnati after a visit to her sister, Mrs. E. C. Kiely.Miss Jennie Miller has gone to'Ashland to assume her duties as'teacher in the Crabbe School.Rev. Mr. Adalbert has returned toOf Tr..1- n -r jj. -r.-Mr. Percy Reed, the clever baritone!0"; dUSCi'.n"1, rusiown, ivy.,tone singer, in fact, one of the best I after a vlslt Wlth Mr- Edward Woods,singers ever heard hi Paris, will open I Misses Lucille and Nellie Lovely,his enirasrement at the Columbia Tip- - t ..i n.. . ,. ., .atre Monday afternoon, Sept.The younger society set has hada glorious round of gayety during thesumtner vacation, and will end witha dance as a farewell to those whoare going away to school. The exactdate has not been announced, butwill be about the eighthor ninth ofSeptember.Misses Marian and Elizabeth ClayAlexander and Miss Marguerite Ferguson will return to Bartholomew,Clifton, Cincinnati; Misses Anna Wilson and Louise Steele will go to Hollins, Virginia; Misses Sarah Thompso, Elizabeth Yerkes and FrancesChamp, who will be joined in Lexigton by Misses 'Nicholi Brent and Augusta Rogers, will go to KentuckyCollege for Women, at Danville;Misses Matilda James and KatherineMarsh will go to" Margaret College,Versailles; Miss Elizabeth Renickwill go- to Ward-Belmont, Nashville;Miss Alice Rogers Clay will go toMiss Thompson's school, WalnutHills, Cincinnati; Misses EleanorClay and Mary Adams Talbott go toHamilton College, Lexington; Mr. JnoHarris Clay will go to Hills School,Pottstown, Pa.,; Mr. Cassius 1VI. ClayJr., to Taft's School, Mass.; Mr. Edgar Vansant to Shenandoah ValleyMilitary Academy, Winchester, Va.;Mr. James Thompson, Jr., to Asheville School for Boys, Asheville, N. C;.Mr. Douglas Clay to Randolph-MaconCollege, at Danville, Va.; Mr. EdwardSpears to Culver Military Academy,Culver, Ind.; Mr. Rogers Moore toExeter Academy, Exeter, N.H.; Mr.Charles Stephens Spears to -MiamaMilitary Academy; Mr. Coleman Ren-ick to Asheville School for Boys,Ashe-ville, N. C; Mr. Duke Brown, toUniversity of Virginia, Charleston,W. Va.; Mr. Clark Wilson and Mr.Jos. W. Davis, Jr., to K. M. I., Louisville, Kyf; Mr. Alvin Thompson toTupelo Military Academy, Tupelo,Miss.; Messrs. Norwood Stitt, EdwardFithian and Lawrence Price to M. M.L, Millersburg; Messrs. G. C. Thompson, Jr., Sidney Ardery, Hiram Roseberry, John Price and Tom Prichardill attend Centre College, Danville, 'Mr. Blair Varden is able to' beout after about three weekV illness.Mr. Harry Minter is recoveringrapidly from an attack of typhoidfever.Mr. Fielding Rogers will entertain this evening at his home in thecountry.-Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Daughertyof1IU-"tof Lpvinenn. spp Hia onpctc nf tliekii&. Ml, cistr Trs. Alrv Tinjrlo in Hiic oii-irR.eed is a great favorite with the the-!atre-goers of this city, and the news, Mr. and Mrs. Sanford Roberts fPineville, are visiting Mr. and Mrs. J.that he had been engaged to sing at have as their guest for the month of iT. Mattox.this popular theatre is welcome news , September Miss Mabel Hyatt, of Newto all who love to be entertained by i York,one of the best vocalists in the" South, iMr. and Mrs. P. L. Poates,of NewI York, are the guests of their daughPARIS GIRL ELECTED TO , ter. Mrs. Sanford Roberts, on CvnressMr. James H. Thompson and son,James Thompson, Jr., are spendingseveral days at Mammoth Cave.TEACH IN WINCHESTER. ; streetMrs. Lucy Thornton Ellis andson, of Dayton, O., who have beenthe guests of the former's aunt, Mrs..Mfas Agnes Turner, the attractive ' Nellie Highland, in this city, returned home Sunday.At a meeting of the WinchesterBoard of Education Tuesday night, , daughter ot Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Tur-Miss Helen Daugherty, of Paris, was ner, is in Knoxville, Tenn., the guest j , , relected as a teacher in the Winches-' of friends. -Mr.and Mrs Clark Burnett Mrs.t0r chnni Mice nmirfiprtv will fill i J. B. Wilson, Misses Anna Wilson,the place made vacant by the resigna- -7M1SS Julia Woods, who has beention. of Miss Darnaby who will teach e suest of Mrs. Henry Mackey, inin the Danville schools. Miss Daugh-! ? icholasville, has returned to herrfv whn is thf flausrhrRr of .Mrs. C. ', nome m I111S clt-A Daugherty, is a bright and accom-J Mrs Alfred Washington andphshed young lady. She is a gradu- lovely little niec M D h Lucte of the Paris High school also of j of Houston, Tex., are the guests ofTransylvania University and is well , ftl:oni0 , xqualified to fill the position.friends in Bourbon.TUBERCULOSIS CAR TO'VISIT PARIS NEXT WEEK.Louise Steele and Katherine Marshattended a dance in Versailles last,night.The condition of Mr. ThompsonTarr, who is ill at his home on theGeorgetown pike, suffering with typhoid fevei was unchanged lastnight and little hope is entertainedfor his recovery.Mrs. Kiser Smith"- and littledaughter, Vivian and and Miss Bettie Mr. and Mrs Bowen Tate andSmith, were visitors in Cynthiana little son, John Bowen Tate, whothe middle of the week. ! have been the guests of the former's- , T . . ...... parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Tate, nearJThe tuberculosis car which is being Mrs. Elmer Boardman, of Little shawhan have returned to theirsent out by the Kentucky Tuberculo- j Rock, was in Paris Wednesday for the i10me jn Denver Colsis Commission, will 'be in Pari s on f,rst time since last May, having been iSept. 10th for a week. Prof. Faulk- j been quite ill since then. I Mr. Edwin Sweeney, who hasbeen the euest of his mother. Mrs.Mrs.Har- Alice Sweeney, in this city for several days, left yesterday for Nolin, Ky.,to visit relatives before Teturning tohis home in Chicage. Rev. WilliamSweeney, who has also been here ona visit to his mother returned yesterday afternoon to Evansville, Ind.ALEX CARR, WHO SHOT SON,HELD TO GRAND JURYAlex Carr, a negro, who shot andseriously wounded his son; Ollie Carr,in a difficulty at Little Rock this county, last Sunday, and who was arrestedupon a charge of shooting with intentto kill, had his examining trial before'Squire L. J. Fretwell, in the countycourt, Wednesday, and waiving examination, was held to the Bourboncounty grand jury in the sum of $250in default of which he was remandedto jail.Clarence Henderson, who cut ClaySaunders across the eye Saturdaynight at the Fair grounds, 'was triedbefore Judge Dundon Wednesdaymorning and fined $15 and costs.Henderson agreed to pay the doctor'sbill for Saunders.SCHOOLS OPEN WEDNESDAY :AFTER RECESS OF ONE DAYOTI Our Large Stock of Shirt Waists5 Must Be Reduced. - 'So we will give the prices anotherbis cut. Come while have your size.Prices on All Summer FabricsReduced.-v4,-.'The Paris Public Schools, whichopened Monday with an enrollment 'of 625 pupils, to whom recess was givon Tuesday morning in orde rto permitthem to secure books, etc., was reopenedWednesday morning, and pupils and students are now down towork in earnest. Under the superintendency of Prof. T. A. Hendricks, theschool promises to enjoy a most successful session, as indicated by thesuccessful opening, the enrollment being the largest of any preceding year.The corps of teachers for the yearis as follows:T. A. Hendricks, superintendent.J. S. Johnson, principal High SchoolMiss Jessie Crisp, principal Grammar School.Miss Leora A. Wiard, vocal music.Mrs. Evelyn P. Buck, art and drawing. Miss Marion W. Lynch, physical education and elocution.Homer Wilson, Latin and German.Miss Frances Butler, Science.Miss Josie Alexander, English.C. P. Lancaster, History and Civics.Fritz Nihart, Commercial Department. 'Grade Teachers: Misses BettieSmith, Annie Farrell, Jennie Howard,Bessie Claire Brannon , ElizabethFisher, Lizzie Lenihan, Bess Purnell,Sallie Whaley, Mason Talbott, MaryLayton, Blanche' Lilleston, Mrs. Esther L. Stone, Mrs. Ernest Harris; W.O. Fuller, engineer; Mrs. NewtonClark, truant officer.4Big cut on Dress9 Wash Goods, Etc.Linens, Lawns,9e1W. Ed Tucker.,?In this city, on Monday morning,September 1, to the wife of Dr. F. P.Campbell, an eleven-pound son. Thelittle boy has been christened EdwinCampbell.A WOMAN'S WORKsometimes reduces her strength to thedepths of weakness her devotion tohousehold cares prevents sufficientrest and recreation. Thousands ofwomen in thiscondition find Scott'sEmulsion exactly what they need; itis predigested body-food so medicallyperfected that every drop yields directreturns in strengthening the organs jand tissues and in making healthy,life-sustaining blood. Scott's Emulsionis devoid of alcohol or any harmfuldrugsand overcomes tiredness andnervousness in a marvelous way.ipH M JHI SIReceived iWe Are Now Ready to Show YouThe Latest inFALLSHOES!Give us a Call and Look our Stock overSBef ore Going Elsewhere. Special Attention Given to Our Children's Dcpartment. .Geo. Mc Williams,L Phones 301 The Shoe Man Iner, who is in charge of the car, willgive a stereopticon lecture in theCircuit Court roonj, in the CourtHouse, on Sept. 11th, at 7:45 p. m.Prof. Faulkner is ably assisted byMr.Edward R. Sapp, who will havecharge of the car in the afternoons,lecturing to crowds of twelve or morerrua' Lin 1,0 Cn frn o tn fi i Mrs. Kate Chambers, in this cityElizabeth town News :ry White, oi Louisville, and Mrs. Geo,Dodson, of Paris, spent Sunday withtheir sister, Mrs. A. P. Latham."r Mr. and Mrs. James Chambers jand little daughter, of St. Louis, Mo.,are the guests of the former's mother,''p. m., and 7:30 to 9 p. m. Dr. A. H. j Mr. Frank Ireland, who has beenKeller will at as chairman at tne,Irelnd Davis in thjs city for the past.n.rxt:m- nn 'llr'c?An' nicrht "I'llI onr ... , -uiccnug jij. xu.uiouu.j .0m.. n- v. t-o wootc roriirrfrt WAflnPsriPV at.ternoon to his home in Houston, Tex.Mr. and Mrs. R. Q. Thompsonand daughter, Miss Katie GrahamThompson, of Columbia, S. C, whohave been the guests of Mrs. J. T.has a number of charts in it showing ternooI1 to his home in Houston Tex. , Hinton in this city, and who are atto the people how to prevent and cure I present enjoying an Eastern trip,this jmost dreadful disease which was . Mrs. Hugh Clendenin and little J write that they greatly enjoyed theresponsible for the death of five I daughter, Clara Hutchcraft Clenden-1 visits to Washington, New York andthousand Kentuckians last year, some ' in, of Louisville, ar e the guests of ; Niagara. At present they are at aof them the most prominent people of I Mrs. R. F. Clendenin, on Cypress i seaside home of a friend on Massahte State. I street. J chusetts Bay. The will return toIt cost Kentucky $8,500,000 in 1912 Paris to spend ten days with Mrs.to take care of the families of those J Miss Sallie Daniel left Tuesday Hinton before returning to theirwho had died from the disease, and to assume her duties as teacher of j home.thosR who were afflicted with the instrumental and vocal music and el- jdisease. There are at present Jl,uuucases of tuberculosis in Kentuckyand the people will have to learn howto prevent the spread of the diseaseand how to cure those who have it.Thp nnnnrhmitv will be nresented 'upon the visit of the tuberculosis car very ill, but who is now somewhat imto this city on Sept. 10. proved.ocution in the graded school at Lancaster, Ky.Mrs. Withers Davis spent Wednesday in Winchester, with her sister,Miss Virginia Jouett. who has beenrHINTONLast Chance!,'xH"i -Don't Miss This Opportunity to BuyLOST,PQOn the corner of Ninth and Highstreets, silver mesh bag with vanitycase attached. Finder please returni 'Miss Mary Belle Dunnington left to 902 High street, Paris. Ky.FOUND UNCONSCIOUS UNKNOWN j Wednesday to attend school at Mid-IS TAKEN TO MASSIE HOSPITAL. way. For the past several days sherI she has been the guest of Mrs. Crum .In an unconscious condition, unable-! Cleveland. " -4ItvrFOR SALE..to give his name or any account of ',himself, a man believed to be O. P.Maize, was found in the yard of themiblic school building on Seventh-Mr. and Mrs. Claude McGinnis, jMiss Gladys Ashurst and Miss MauaEcton have returned to their homesstreet early Wednesday morning and in this city after a sojourn at Crab .he was removed to the county jail Orchard Springs. frmhilP t r,i,a iir wq crivpn rMPriionl atten-1 moDiie seat, nALBERT LYONS.One pony cart. Used only a fewtimes and is in excellent condition;Latest improved auto-iMiKhor tirp otn Rpnsnni ...nn ?. -h-i miHinn orran. aia wvu,,t v. , w. w-w..wW.Wliere lie Was glVCU mcuivi cvn w, ., ! fn. oollln tnn-omoll f Timw All., Misses Anna ana Aiary ivieiy aim i " ?"" ""'oo i 'Liuu. , , ,1,.acb T?rv 915 rf annlv tnWednesdav morning a number o Master Albert Kieiy nave reiurueu tu ,"- w --, -. "'1people were attracted by the man I their home irr Covington after a very j i awlying in the school yard and Patrol- j enjoyable visit with their grand- j .man Charles Thomas was summoned. 1 mother, Mrs. E. C. Kiely.With the assistance of Mr. James IWilcox he was, removed to the county Mr. Winston Dunbar has returned-iail where a physician was summoned trom North Carolina, and has enteredJ . . . . i . -i i !.. I ii. i- 1.1 t Pi-nr- TV T. 'to attend Him. as ms uuuy uyie cue private buuuui ui i.. .-; -,no marks it was first thought he was i Yerkes. He will spend the winter ( All persons knowing themselves m' a victim ' of epilepsy, but failing to ' with Mr. -and "Mrs. Wade Whitley. ! debted to the estate of J. H. Linville,show any improvement unaer uie x r . a, "f" WJ ?"" ""PQat,,,t administered and remain-' Mr. J. Mat Hedges has returned same at once; also those having claimsj?:4-:y frv I 1. 1 1 I X Ainirfnn ifrun o fi O-to ins nome in ut:..iiii.j" "w "lightful visit at the home of Mr. andMrs. R. C. Talbott, near Austerlitz.Mrs. Hedges will remain several days jlonger.NRCHOODSV.-fJKtf.-"vvYou Will Have Lots of Time to Us$IVNOTICE.ing in an uncpnscious condition fortwo days it was thought best to havehim removed to the Massie Hospital,where he remains in a serious conaitinn .The only mark of identification theman haH nnon his person was a cardissued from tfte Bricklayers and Masons Union at Huntington, W. Va. Itcontained the name of O. P, Maizeand was signed by L. D.allee as secretary of the labor organization. Theauthorities attempted last flight to.get in communication with the officers of he imion at Huntington, butt a late hour mo reply to the messafe had been received.'Squire L. J. Fretwell returnedWednesday from Olympian Springs,where he atended the annual reunionof Morgan's men. Others in atendance from Bourbon county were GanoHildreth, 'Geo. W. Morrow, Chas.Meng, William P. Stipp, Lot Young,James McDonalU, Edwar.d Sparks,Edward Weathers; and R. P. Weaver.Official business caused Mr. FretwellHo return Wednesday,against said estate will please presentthem, properly proven as prescribedby law, to undersigned.W. V. HUFFMAN,Administrator J. H. Linville.-i--Sf .-,5 -'Porch FurnitureTHIS YEAR- INotice to MerchantsOn and after this date I will not beresponsible for anyvaccounts contracted by other persons in my name unlesssame isnade upon a written order,signed by myself.W. M. GILLESPIE, 'Paris, Ky., Aug. 1, 1913. .However, at the Prices We Are Offer-ing, these Goods, You Can Afford toStore Them For Next Season.Ml iH -MH 11J. T. HINTONV"N.Wood MantelsSAVES YU MONEYUndertakingAmbulanceNIat:x1iN- -I-3"'. --3t-".s--3U-s- T-wn,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1 913ITVir:ffcPARIS, KENTUCKY.SaturdayBROS,trlAA AV-,"4re?MWOW THE GREATEST TENTED EXHIB1TI0H IN THE WORLDBIG SHOWS IN ONE!IMES ITS FORMER SIZE4EVERYTHING NEW THIS YEAR BUTWILL POSITIVELY EXHIBIT TWICE DAILY AT 2 AND 8 P. II.The 25th Anniversary Year" f America's StandardTented Enterprise now presents the Blue -BloodedAristocracy of the White Tent World.THEPICK OFTHEWORLD'SBEST ARENIC STARSNo Act too Big or too Expensive forGENTRY BROS. ALL NEWFEATURE SHOWS THIS YEARMORE Rare Specimens ofWild and Domestic Animalsthan any other show affordsI fiasajgaBGentry Bros. Sole Owners and Managers.Sept. 6THE TITLE iOne TicketADMITSTO ALL$REMEMBERTHE DAY AND PATETake a Holiday Bring theEntire Family ICo other BigShow Gives Half as Much forYour Money. Don't MissGENTRY BROS, shows this yearlOO BEAUTIFUL HORSES- lOO100 THOROUGHBRED PONIES-1002 Herds of the Greatest PerformingElephants in the World. 2 Droves fcfPersian and Arabian Camels. 50Monkey Comedians."20 BIG FEATURE ACTS, among them beingthe Following European ImportationsTHE 4- COMIQUESCOMEDY WIRE ACTLA AMORA SISTERSI h Aerial Butterfly Iron Jaw ActMARCELL & LENMETTSensational Acrobats andComedy Bar Experts.THE BRACHARDSWonderful Spanish Contortionists and PhysicalCulture Exponents.Les Esmardalo FamilyWONDERFUL EUROPEAlfACROBATIC ACTPER0CH FAMILY OF SSensational Aerial Artists.vOciiA A" ft 41.Tvax Nr4VtB$ If - !ipF0RTUNE EXPENDED Cnpp CTDECTp PAPABFOUR MAGNIFICENT NEW AMU O lELiLl I AnAUhAINWhich POSITIVELY takes place, rain or shine, 10:30 A. M., Show DayA SOLID MILE OF GOLD AND G t, T T E RDQORS OPEN FOR INSPECTION OF MENAGERIE AT 1 AND 7 P. ft.PERFORMANCE COMMENCES ONE HOUR LATER. GRAND FREEEXHIBITION ON SHOW GROUNOS IMMEDIATELY AFTER PARADEL0WcRATE ROUND TRIP EXCURSIONS QU ALL RAILROADS.zroy:fc'.JgWWfVftHMWWWrfEM4 Per Cent Interest J ;" :Paid On Time ! M ---. Rrftht W A I SK - BSWM M sMssT V W sw JuepositsYour Deposits Are GuaranteedYOUTAKENOKISKSIf You Are InterestedWrite Us!sIiUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000fully PaidCANCER CURED 2I guarantee every case I un-J dertake; 20 years practice; ref- 2erence, any citizen of Paris.t DR. WM. R. SMITH,Z Paris, Ky. XSurely Sufficiently Governed.The human family is subject to4fty principal forms of government.COSTLY TREATMENT." "If troubled with constipationttti i&dlgestion and spent hundredsiollars for medicine and treatMtmt," writes C. H. Hines, of Whitlow,Ark. "I went to a- St Loul hospital,also to a hospital in New Orleans, butmo omre was effected. On returninghosMl began using Chamberlain'sTablets, and worked right along. Isped tkm for some time and am nowim. right" Sold sy all dealers.. (Afet) j jFurniture Moving,City Transferand First-CalssLiveryOur Facilities forHeavy Hauling isGood.Our Livery is as good as theother fellows. Horses fedby the week or month.We would appreciate ashare of your business.Prompt attention given allorders.Both Phones 260. mMARTIN BROS., SEighth St.Paris, KentuckyS;Horse Talk..Assinine questions aremulish replies.aptto getREMARKABLE CUREOF DYSENTERY."I was attacked with dysenteryabout July 15, and used the doctors'medicine and other remedies -with norelief, only getting worse all the time.I was unable to do anything and myweight dropped from 145 to 125pounds. I suffered for about twomonths when I was adyised to useChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Hemedy. I used "two bottlesof it and it gate me permanent relief,"writes B. W. Hill,, of Snow Hill, N. C.For sale by all dealers.AHl LA(MALMOST "CUT IT OUT"anrommmwKHis flight carried him todence districts, into a quietBy F. H. LANCASTER.The discussion had begun whilethey Allan and his sister Mariawaited for breakfast. It was the morning of Ash Wednesday."Oh, of course, you don't approve offasting because you can't do it. Menlike to think they are a great dealstronger than women, but the truth is,they are the weaker vessel.""Well, my Lord, Maria! If nothingelse will satisfy you, I will try it. I'llgo down town now without my breakfast and stay there till dark. Youneedn't have any dinner prepared forme, or supper either."Allan departed for his oflice for thefirst time in his life without a goodbreakfast inside of him.By twelve o'clock Allan's head wasraging with pain and feeling as heavyas though loaded witlrlead.By four o'clock he was feeling sickand wretched. He put on his hat andwent out to seek relief from fresh air.the resi-street,where a gray old house looked overa rusty gate upon an empty square.Myrtle Fleming lived in that house.She opened the door to him herselfbecause the rest of the family andtheir one servant had gone to church.She did not look at Alan's coat, but athis jaded eyes; and by way of greeting, she said gently:"You have a terrible headache,haven't you? Come into the diningroom and let me fix up some coffeefor you.""Thank you but don't bother," heprotested faintly."Do you," she ventured doubtfully,"ever eat scrambled eggs?""The kind you cook with choppedham?" he asked with interest.Myrtle turned that he might not seethe quick tenderness that filled hereyes. "No," she said, "the kind youserve on slices of cold boiled ham."It was a square meal before theygot done with it, and the strong coffeecleared Allan's head like magic. Whenit was all over and he was leaningagainst the mantle with his cigar, Allan looked down on Myrtle in achastened spirit."Tell me," Allan said unexpectedly,"do women suffer so much?"Myrtle started. 'Suffer, why?""Maria said this morning that aman didn't believe in fasting becausehe couldn't do it. I tried it," he added,laconically."And it made you ill? I am not surprised." "I don't see," Allan murmured, "howfasting could ever take the form of agood thing.""Well, in times of great mental anguish, fasting does take the edge offof suffering."Allan looked down at her thoughtfully. "Did you .ever break yourheart? Oh, I didn't mean to be impertinent. But all girls do, don'tthey?" I"I don't think I ever exactly be- ilieved in broken hearts," she told him."No," he said decidedly, "I've always felt that way about you; thatyou were the sanest woman I knew;that it would be-like heaven to livealong with you day after day; that youwould always be gentle and refinedand controlled ; that you wouldn't turnthe whole house into cosy corners oneweek and the next send all the bedsinto the garret and expect a man tosleep on pillows; that no matter howdown on my luck I might be, the feelof your fingers in my hand wouldmake me a man again in a minute;that Myrtle, I didn't mean to woundyou! I wouldn't have brought tearsto your eyes for the world. Don'tyou know that?" He bent down anxiously with his hand on the back of herchair. 'T d try my best to do thestraight thing by you.""I know it""But you think you couldn't learn tocare for me that way?" i"Oh, of course I could.""Then what is it that distresses you 1so, dear? 11 we care ror each othernothing else matters, does it?""Lam not distressed," she saia."But you were ready to cry a minute ago.""Oh, well!" She smiled with a touchof mischief. "Don't you think you'dbe ready to cry if you had been keeping Ash Wednesday every t day for agood while?" ?"Not if they were all like this one.It's the first Ash Wednesday I everkept. What are you smiling at? Idid come very near to keeping it. Ifasted from daylight till four o'clock,and you are the loveliest woman inthe world, .sweetheart! Did you knowthat?"(Copyright, by Daily Story Pub. Co.)By A. F. BONNEY.January Kiss.Senator Heyburn, discussing a political betrayal, said:"The thing was as bad as the Judaskiss, or, rather, the January, kiss asIt's more timely to say now.""The January kiss?" stammered thepuzzled reporter."Why, yes, the January kiss," saidSenator Heyburn. "It's the kiss a wifegives her husband in January, youknow, to see whether he's broken hisNew Year's resolution yet."Simply Precautionary."Why, Bibbles, I thought you sworeoff from driaking.""I did, sir, but swearing off fromdrinking in my case is simply an indication that I intend, not to abstain,but to bo more prudent After swearing off I am invariably more careful about the kind of liquor I consume and the manner in which it isprepared for my consumption."With elbows wide spread on the toprail of the yard fence, hands underclean-shaven chin, he smoked lazily onhis "paper pipe." His big spurs hungidle on the high heels of his boots; theempty pistol scabbard clung to hislithe hip. The scabbard was decoratedfor the owner of it had artistic tasteand talent, while he lacked the language to express the idea in suchwords; he had "just fixed it up to looknice," he said.It had been a lazy day for him, oneof the few which had come into hislife, and he reflected morosely on theextreme comfort of a life of toillessease. From the fine elevation of- aman of leisure he surveyed those ofhis own craft as they worried the sullen cattle past the place, their explosive English toned down in deference tothe divinity that ruled there, and the"company." For once he was aloof"from his own kind, a guest of the"boss."There was a consideration whichadded to the habitual scowl on hisbrow, the inevitable return to the saddle; the weary night guard, the frenzied chase after the stamping herd.The retribution for a few days of easehe saw looming in the tomorrow, awhole perspective of tomorrows, infact, and unconsciously the smoke ofhis cigarette oozing from lips and nostrils was mixed and blended with hisone persistent soliloquy;"Aw, cut it out!"His savage glance now took in forthe first time the girl, who was watching him with amused interest. It gavehim a queer, not unpleasant sensation,and conscious of height, weight and acertain savage beauty of head, hedrew himself up, taking a pull at hisneglected smoke.The most of the herd was now pastthe house, and the girl and the owner's son went out through the rudegate to the corall near by, where somecalves were being' branded. As theypassed the taciturn one the owner'sson said, pleasantly:"This is all very novel and interesting to us, while constant lepetitionhas, I presume, made it monotonous toyou."After deep thought the man deftlyrolled another smoke, and started toanswer, when his eyes met those ofthe girl, deep, blue eyes, whichlaughed out from a pink and whiteface framed in a tangle of goldencurls, the bewildering combinationshaded by a flower-bedecked summerhat. His heart struck, his throat, andsetting his teeth in 'his inoffensivecigarette he growled:"Aw, cut it out!"And then there came a distant yell,mingled with the sound of poundinghoofs, and turning to look he saw amaddened steer charging down on thetwo, the bright crimson of the girl'ssash a focus for his murderous efforts.The sullen-eyed man spat out theroll of paper his teeth held and, sweeping his big hat from his head, sprangfor the fence, which he cleared at abound, feeling for his gun as he landedon the other side, to give vent to anuntranslatable snarl of rage as hishand groped over the empty scabbard.The steer was within a few feet of theglaring red thing now, never pausingat the sight of so common a thing asa cowboy, until with a savage "Aw, cutit out!" the man hurled himself on theanimal's head, grasping the nose withone hand and a horn with the other.As the muzzle of the brute was driveninto the sand there came the crackingof pistol shot; but the bullets, spentfrom long flight, only angered thebrute the more.Then: "Aw, cut-L" and merciful oblivion cut it out for him.He lay for a long time dimly conscious of life, not remembering andnot caring, only wondering a little regarding his surroundings. Somethingvery like his mother's hand wassmoothing his brow, while his nostrilstook in a perfume new to the desert.He was not breathing easily, whilethere was a strange roaring in hisears, through which he heard words oflavish praise he could not understandnor 'apply, then, all in a flash, hismind cleared and he opened his eyes,his lips moving silently with: "Aw,cut it out!"The ranch owner stood over him,twisting his hands together."My boy!" he cried, "you savedtheir lives. You did, by Jove! And111 "The injured man stirred uneasily,looking him squarely in the face fromunder sullen brows."Aw, cut it out!" he snarled.. (Copyright, by Dally Story Pub. Co.)Equine Ingratitude.Sloane Gordon, the magazine writer,once lived in Hamilton, O. When theflood rolled over half that Btate Gordon was nandy to Hamilton andthought he'd go there and help. Oneday, enthusiastically rowing about thestreets, of Hamilton in a skiff, he hearda whinny from an olo; gray horse,which had crawled on the roof of ahouse caught in the waters."That horse," said Mr. Gordon,tears starting to his eyes, "is hungry."So he rowed for two miles until hefound a bag of oats. Then he rowedthe two miles back, slowly this time,because it was upstream. When hecame in sight the old gray horseshouted in rejoicing. It is very difficult to climb .the roof of a housewhich is teetering in a flood. ButGordon did it. He fixed a nosebag ofoats on the snuffing nose of the -whinnyingveteran. Then the horse kickedhim into the river.lob fvmfindWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!5:TRC J9B R00ffiS OFTHEROBRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such as1oJ- urnBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come abound and see themwork,Our typefaces.is new v and modernthe Bourbon news,; 1 04 Issues a Year -for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.mimmmm' i' in1 iWwa'Ui''XHtoLau -Jijn jjfelfA,JLTHEFAVORITEpenned Women Give Thisthe rreterenceThe easiest way to keep your hairvouthful-looking, to prevent it fromturning grey, is to use Hays HairHealth. It gives absolute satisfactionand a few applications will restore nat--uralcolor, give vitality to grey andaded hair and remove all traces ofBandruff. Beautiful natural colored,-youthful-looking hair, more than anything else, contributes to a woman sgood looks.Hay's Hair Health is keeping thousands of women's hair glossy, naturalcolored and beautiful. You'll neverregretlbuying it when you see the difference it makes in your appearance.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap, for 50c; or $1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two25c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for $t,1. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Pans, Ky....Woman's Exchange's Cafe112 N. Upper Street,tLexington, KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at, aLhours with the best the market affords.(28mar6mo)By LILLIAN WOODS.MI UURIpercenl $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,125" Cheaosidc. Lexington. Ky.3sr n xvi:i-1.rr5)i he Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothiner is more imDortant in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the Inferiortank-wagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto Oil.No matter whether the, thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rate is no higher thanwhen slate or metal is used.We authorize our agents To refund the moneyif our Roofing is not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, IllinoisSofd by Miilersburg Coal andLimoe Co.,Millersburg, Ky.!)Miss Margaret K. Caden,210 M ain Street, Lexington, Ky.Special Display ofiummer Hats . .Moderate Prices"My, I thought I wasn't going to heable to come!" exclaimed Miss Finch,peering closer into the mirror and adding a delicate 'touch of excitement toher cheeky."You know, I hinted and hinted,"she explained, "but Paul hadn't anyears at all! My, I wouldn't have missed'it for a farm! The floor's swell, ain'tit? And, say, did you see the orchestra they've got? All of fifteen pieces!Must have cost them something, letme tell you!""Yes," rejoined Miss Smithson, asshe, delved for a powder bag and beganits careful application.Honest, Miss Finch, I envy youyour color comes and goes at your orngood will! Now, when I put on mybest dress and get my hair combed myface begins to show signs of laborand by the time I get on the floor Ilook like a washerwoman! Honest,it's an awful trial."Miss Smithson gave her cheeks an:other coating of the powder to coverthe offending color, and restored thebag to its place. Then she unwrappedher slippers."You know, some girls think theycan't come to a dance unless they havea carriage; but I'm not so stuck upyet awhile! Now, here my slipperswill look just as good as if I'd walkedon a red carpet to an automobile frommy own house and from the automobile in here, don't they, now?"Miss Smithson put up a languid footand motioned to the maid to assist her."You saw that girl that just wentout?" went on Miss Smithson. "Well,what do you suppose I heard her say?I wasn't listening, but she talked forthe benefit of us all, as anyone couldtell, so I just took it in. She said thathair was all hers! She said she justran a comb through it in the morningand the curls fell that way! As if youcouldn't see a mile away that shebought it by the yard! Isn't it funnyhow some people will think they canput one over? But I should worryabout it!""No, it's not as if we should scornto buy it by the yard ourselves' remarked Miss Finch, pinning a roseinto a cluster of curls before applyingthe whole to her coiffure."Well, I like that!" retorted MissSmithson. "All I got on is my ownand I'm not afraid to take it down!"Miss Finch changed the subjecthastily. "You didn't say anything aboutfr4I MOUNTAIN EXCURSION It Tuesday, Atsgust, 1913 tiX Via "CaSif ornia Special"X to II "The Land of the Sky" and "Sapphire Country"4k" Round Trip Pares From Georgetown, Ky-X ASHEVILLK, N. C $9.00WA"V7XTT?C7TT T TS "NT f 1 ft 001 HENDERSON VILIE, N. " C .".".. ." 10.00.X T.ATT-R TITX" A WAV "NT. C. ... 11.00T ' .VARIABLE ROTJTJB FARESVia Chattonooa Historic Lookout Mountain enroute to and from- final destination: 2'X ASHEVIIvLE, N. C $10.50WAYNESNILLE, N. C T.I 11.50 S JHENDERSONNILIE 11.50LAKE TOXAWAY, N. C 12.50X Return limit, Sept. 10, 1913. Liberal Stop-over privilegesTickets good on ' Carolina Special" leav-"J d22S522225555l inS" Georgetown, Ky., 8:30 p. m., also on" lPRfflWPPPIPBrPI a11 reSular trains August 26, 1913.IlllliSJ rillOWililil For ful1 information, printed matter and4 ttHMapSBMUl sleeping car reservations, apply to nearestJ yjHX5TIf2HI Ticket Agent, or write:X IIHIfliiHiHW H-c- king pass-and Ticket asi- io1 jI35355E55555U, E. Main Street, Lexington, Ky. 4,. , w. A. BECKLER; Gen'l Pass. Agent,(Q. N. O. & T. P. Ry.) and Cincimiati, O. $Southern RailwayS Pans Odorless Cleaning Co.Men's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks' our specialty.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and 'Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats CleanedReblocked to your satisfaction.Por and Deliver Work,andc,i-o.-wrouiiimii"It's Worth $30 If It's Worth a Cent."my gown," she remarked. "I got it ata sale. It's worth $30 if it's worth acent, and I'd he ashamed to say whatI got it for, just because they had tomake room for summer goods, theysaid." She gazed at her reflection inthe mirror appreciatively. "You know,I was afraid I'd be conspicuous herein it, but I guess it's going to be somedance, and I'll be glad I wore it. It'stoo bad you didn't ""I had this made specially for thisdance," interrupted Miss Smithson,with dignity. "The fussy things areall out that's why they sell them socheap and the whole thing now isthe plain dress with good lines. I wasafraid it wouldn't be done for tonight,and I'd have to wear one of those beaded things like yours that I had lastwinter, but a woman who was goingabroad decided to wait a while longer,so the dressmaker was able to finishthis!" Miss Smithson drew up herskirts nd etood before the mirror inpleased scrutiny."I think we'd better get a move onus if we want the first dance I hearthe music, and the boy'll be frantic,"suggested Miss Finch."It'll do them good to wait they'llappreciate us all the more when weget there," replied the sophisticated; Miss Smithson, giving a parting touchto her complexion before the mirror."This sure is my color I feel that Iam going to enjoy myself tonight. Ialways can tell!"Oh, goodness! Maybe they'll asksome one for the first dance. Comeon! Let's run!" Chicago Daily News.:We CallCall up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid-Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; lonp; 25cAll Gone.I Doctor My dear sir, you must giveyour wife some change.Husband Good heavens, doctor,how can f do that when she goesthrough my pockets regularly everynight!Truck Replaced Thte TeamsfVi -'inn. f lfBffS ? ilT "mmmm.sm ,fr- 'kJtryL?t-.-a 7cin e!.even months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden wJf 37 17.20thsnst carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyoi notice KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved m KisselKar construction.iNote these striking KisselKar features--Simple engine easy to operate reserve powerci;aTr iW T i : ii- J.-L v c U1XVC wllctil ausurDintr an rne power onslippery places, and stalling the truck-four speed transmitters geared up fourth sneedpermitting high speed when desired .without, racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent. lowerftfeluuuaumpuion man average crucKs ligftt spnnsr susDension for imwPr rJnnf Uo n-special bodies designed to meet every need.suspension for load-gauge that weighs load-greatest accessibility-easy control largerbrake drums, and pyfcrn nnworfn Kt-otnc c;oi k,i,- .- j J . i , ttlclJCisselJCar TJrucka1 500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn the range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourreauirements and with the KisselTCnr TmMr moc v,Q -viocxr g-?JL - - J.jA mauufecturer's guarantee of satisfaction. " - , wmen is xneKisselKar Service means taking ofi: your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar ownerslne KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes urkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon Investigate it. 4i. A?Kus.to analyze yur Present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Tssucks in actual use in your line and many otherlines of business.:. ifrr jsft v'dmMr- M? HiD S- l L I 111 fi 1 ' i1 ft WCsfigll1 helPoSiowing Lanes ofjbusiness Havcccently,bought Kissel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer Brewery Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry. Bakery, Confectionery, Ice, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suit theneeds of'any business, ww'I PhcmmPhone 21 05.O. R. HUKLE51 3 West Main Street,5rLexington, Ky. mt aawiiMfmriiiaShort Jenks' Threats.Short Jenks is always threateningto give a written guarantee, althoughevery one knows he can't write.Atchison Globe.NOOEMi" "FOR YOUTHUnsightly Grey and Faded HairWhy not have beautiful, dark, glossy.!natural colored hair, full of life andbeauty keep yourself young lookingami laacmaung .' us so easy andBiniple to do if you will get a bottle ofHay's Hair Health today. You'll noticea change after one or two applicationshow quickly the grey hairs vanish.iow glossy, full of life and vitality!Hay's Hair Health will keep your hUr.Don't waste time, get a bottle today.!Your dmsrffiRf: lR RPlliner mnro XXrr'ab- -- JJ w.0 iUUiW xuj Ofimr jaeaitn tnan ail others, becausehe knows it's the most satisfactory,the nicest and cleanest to use andreally does restore color to grey hair.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap for 50c; or $1.00fcottle of Hay's Hair Health and twol5c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for $1,L. OBERDORFER, Druggist;Paris, Ky.When you feetlltvous, tirea, worried or despondent it is asure sign oa need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills ESSWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...(entucky State FairSEPTEMBER 15 to20, !9I3Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j l1Residence j f3The Kentucky State Fair will offer to the farmers!and livestock exhibitors an opportunity to exhibit thelucou yiuuucis oi tneir tarms and best specimens ofliiivesiocK and to tne women an opportunity to displaynidi iicinaiworK and cookery at the 1813 Fair, forwmen liDerai premiums are offered.$30,000 in Premiumsb-BIG DAYS-6 Bejtnceil Railroad BanFor Information, Entry Blanks, Catalog. Etc, addressJ. L. DENT, Secretary,705 PAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLEDR. A. It KELLER,Practicing Physician.Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid tParis - - KentuckyJ J. WIMrAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-L A W .itoom 1 Elks mildine.Mr. KentuckyN FarmerIf we told you of a crop which brought a cash incomethe year around, made the soil richer every year and required noskilled labor to handle it, 'Wouldn't That Be The Crop For You?You have this opportunity. The Tri-State Butter Company,Cincinnati, Ohio, will buy your cream the year around, pay spotcash for every shipment and give you a market thatis responsible,,safe and permanent, and proven so to more than 5,000 shippers.No skilled labor is required to ship cream. Separate the milk,ship when convenient to you twice a week in the summer seaaoand not quite so often in the winter time.Every cow will pay cash for what she eats, yielding a revenueof from $50.00 to 90.00 per year, besides adding $25.00 worth offertility to your soil.Ship your cream to-day, or write for "free trial cans.The Tri-State Butter Company,Cincinnati, Ohio.Capital Stock $75fit$jfc-- str-NMHiMHHHiaBittf3f4v4-j.-.ii'-efi -,-f'SrTST'sr-"i ..&F -'-irijtA Ai-t-i)HtHi (i ;mJl'k. iMu mniEroiawiiMsrersrmc:of ESwgHurgTLouisville, Trillm xua jM.ru. JdLinKie. orP address the W. M. U. of the BaptistJMmrnh TWnnilaxr at Q.Qfl r m All -mow.. Ibees are requested to be present.ifWrErijr"aKFic?EKriai:crD TflmfEnTiXEirmmmTO BE REMOVED TO MEMORIAL.Mrs. W. G. Dailey is improving.Mr. Johnthe same.Mock continues' Mr. Orie Long left Saturday for'Worcester, Mass.Dr. G. R. Deans and family and'Miss Ollie Talb6tt will return homeabout today after an extended visit in NewYork. Miss Talcott will aeain onenflier kindergarten school.Tke M. F. C. and M. Mopen on Thursday, Sept. 11.I.Mr. Geo. F. Jones, aged 50 years,Mied "Wednesday at 11:30 a. m., atSt.will , Joseph Hospital, Lexington, followingan operation for appendicitis and gall'stones. Mr. Jones had been com-Mr. W. D. Mclntyre and family ' plaining for some time, and while onare sojourning at Martinsville, Ind. j;his vacation some" -time ago, was. 'taken ill and was delayed in reachingMiss Louise Hubbard, of Carlisle, home on account of not being able tois the guest of Miss Katie Roberson. .run his automobile. He was, how-'ever, not confined to his bed untilMiss May McWhorter left Wednesday for a. visit to relatives at Lexington. Mrs. Henry Shout, of Paris, is theguest of Her sister, Mrs. Henry Bowlsing. Mr. James B. Cray has receivedthe appointment as postmaster of tins'city.' Mrs. Ida Kearns, of Cincinnati,, is-the guest of Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Aux3er. 1 Mies Mamie Dee Long returnedJiome Friday after a three months'tour of Europe.' Miss Dorothy Peed left Thursday-lor Birmingham, Ala., to resume herduties as teacher.Mr. anti-Mrs. S. C. Carpenter havejceturned home after a two weeks' sojourn at Hazel Green, Ky.' Miss Edna Ewing, of Waco, Tex.,arrived Friday as the guest of Mrs.O. H. Collier and J. R. Long.T Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Thomassonand little son are the guests of theirparents, Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Thomas-ison.Mrs. W. M. Miller entertained heriSunday school class Tuesday afternoon from 3 to 5. Ices and cakes"were served.Mrs. Rufus McWhorters has re"turned home after a visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Morrow, at'Centerville.Miss Gladys Marcum, of Russell-Tllle, Ky., is the guest of Mrs. Reynolds Letton. She will leave Tuesdayfor Bourbon College.Mr. W. N. Henderson, of Versailes, is the guest of friends here.He will ieave in a few days for a visitto his mother in Ohio.'Tuesday of last week, having been'taken to the hospital Sunday, and the'operation followed immediately. Mr.'Jones was the son of Mr. and Mrs.Fletcher Jones. He was born in Millersburg, residing eight years in Arkansas, and spent the remainder ofhis life in Millersburg. He was connected with the firm of Jones Bros.,-for thirteen years and was one of theftown's most excellent and best-known'business men. He was a fine citizen, adeacon in the Presbyterian church,'and was a member of the Odd lellows lodge at this place. In 1896 hewas married to Miss Mattie Vimont,of this city, and their union wasblessed with two children one son,George Morton, aged 14 years, andone daughter, Martha Coleman, aged10 years. He is survived by two'brothers, Mr. Fleete Jones, of LittleRock, Arkansas, and Mr. PelhamJones, of this city. The funeral services were conducted Thursday afternoon at 3:30 at the Presbyterianchurch by Rev. A. S. Venable, assisted by Prof. C. C. Fisher, of the M. F.C, under the auspices of the Odd Fellows. Interment in the Millersburgcemetery.An event of the Perry Victory Gen-BATTLE IN MAGOFFIN.rmrApratrED hoOse falls "- KfLLING SEVEN IN DUBLIN.Four men engaged in a gun andtenial celebration at Put-in-Bay will knife fight at a country church nearbe the removal of bodies of the Amer- Salyersville, Magoffin county, andican and British officers killed in the -three were killed on the spot. Thebattle of .Lake Erieto the Perry me- fourth will probably die.monal being erected.SILL TO COVER COST OFKING OF TRADING STAMP EXAMS REPORTED TO HOUSE.IS DEAD IN GOTHAM.Competitive examination of fourthThomas A. Sperry, who made a for-' nlnss nnstmasters in Kentuckv in No-tune out of trading stamp's"," died in vember or December practically isNew York Monday night. Mr. Sper- assured by the House Appropriationsry was president of the Sperry & Committee including $39,000 in theHutchinson Company, and a pioneer Deficiency Bill to cover the cost-of 1m the trading stamp business. His the work. The bill was reportedfortune is estimated at $10,000,000. Tuesday.jSeven persons were killed, manyinjured and fifty-three are reportedmissing as the" Result of a collapse ofdilapidated houses in Church, street,in Dublin. ""CAUGHT A BAD COLD."Last winter my son caught a verybad cold and the way he coughed W3ssomething dreadful," writes Mrs. Sarah E. Duncan, of Tipton, Iowa. "WeWORN-OUT, NERVOUS,TIRED AND DEPRE8S6.Tona Vita Build Up Mhrt andIn a Fw Wek.Are you tired all the time? Are ytt -weak,nervous and depressed? Is ytirvambition gone and your mind dull?'Do you know what to do? Go tmyour druggist and get a bottle of Toma.Vita, the National. Tonic. Physiciamsrecommending 'it everywhere. It iebuilding up run-down people by tathousands in all parts of the countryAfter you have taken Tona Via othought sure hewas going into consumption. We bought just one botfle week, weigh yourself, then you w.of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy and J know why it is recognized as the beatYOU WILL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction by traing at(18-tf) FBLD'S.FRESH OYSTERS.We have today fresh oysters thefirst of the season. .k . JAMES B. CRAVEN..Colored Camp meeting!FRESHMelons on Ice "- Cantalops.. String BeansFresh Tomatoes Sweet jPeasEvergreen CornPeaches Qucumbers SquashAll Fresh and NiceBoiled and Minced Hamfeller Grocery Companythat one bottle stopped his cough andcured his cold completely.." For 3aleby all dealers. ""(Sept)tonic and flesh builder ever sold Wthe public.You can get Tona Vita at Chasvll.Butler & Co.'s drug store.Na$e$33saAt TheThe W C. T. U. met with Mrs. J.SD. Redd Monday afternoon and appointed the following officers: Mrs.J. D. Redd, President; Mrs. BruceVice-President, also Vice-Presidentof the Methodist church: Mrs. Moff-'ett, Vice-President of the Baptistchurch; Mrs. Tackett, Vice-President I - t - mof tne Christian church; Mrs. Doty, SQpEdTl OCT '7Ell9vVJue-jtritJsiueui, oi me ... xv. jr., .nusa.Doty, Corresponding Secretary; Mi&. 1A. S. Best, Recording SecretayMs. J.A. Butler, Treasurer. They will men'. 'RoundTf;n Fare From ParU.at the Baptist church Tuerday after- IvounQ"f "P rar rrom rariSnoon. Only 75 Cents.(CTTIIL III 'I HllJBluegrass ParkSunday?Rev. Quarles, Mg'r.L.Paris Book CompanycWRS. C. D. WEBB, Prop.School Books and SchoolSupplies, Novelties, Etc. .Ledgers, Journals, Pens, Inks, "Etc. Magazines, Maps,Globes, in fact everything that's found at a Book Store.VPicture Framing Our Leading, . . Specialty . . .WORK DONE WHEN PROMISEDBourbon CollegeFor Young- LadiesOpensTuesday, September gth iPrimary, Preparatory and Collegiate Departments. SITwelve in Faculty, All Specialists.Music, Art and Expression Unusually Strong.Bourbon College is situated on one of the highestpoints in the City of Paris. Large and) beautiful campus.Building fitted up with all modern conveniences andequipments.For Annual, address,iiGinson,Paris, Kentucky399Ce9$9&&$3Q3330&2&&3$$&S$S3$&$$$eMoec4USSRmm?m$i wmssemmsiWe can oeffif you with a dependableniera a! small expense.f -&S&&TSFZZTKmBUYK.Our Final Reductions on AllSUM MERFOOTWEARMade by Kodak workmen in the Kodak factorv. and works likethe Kodaks. Pictures, 2x4 '. Price, $7. 01).Let us show you how easily you can make good pictures with oneof these simple cameras.Offers YOU NOW the greatest opportunity of the Season for the purI t If AS1H "WlBf A W t HFfeVI M 91 f "IGiiase oi luun ruuincHn aurrLi lur me idiuiiv- &wBuying as we do in GREAT QUANT8TIES we are able to offer YOU BEST QUALITYSHOES at a GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICES. vWe are now offering some EXTRAORDINARY VALUES IN LATEST STYLE FALLFOOTWEAR that we are now receiving daily forMEN, WOMEN and CHILDREN.It is TO YOUR ADVANTAGE. TO TRADE AT OUR STORE, where Courteous andReliable Dealing Is Assured. ' . '- i'tr- KI 1 TOW '"f i m 41r 2 jD-A.i .u x fI1 M imii ggaaHlffiSffi3BHHBPlBHHii"W 1 Haa fera s HuFlaPaynui . . . !! ; mmmw fvv . ? mjcr , ,s- mm m- j ) svismBmsmmA mmM2S1 , Jiv40xx4Z0z?ZMXmmi4: mmm9erqmmmvs5J&sZ&!Z?.mmmgmmmmwz szmflmmmwjmm,.1 m.'y,JUrn s2?ZEdr!X&?xW!&ti! "SUfv-. wsMsV&2&2if2i?it&jt&Z2wBmJktWkmgLWmk 'JiHHBHHJt g TVSm Mfi(cwmwSmMK1 MxmimmmmIFIONLVHAD.THATMONEYIN THEANKNOWfSole Agents for FamouSWALK-OVER '' - AND - . - -4BEACON SHOEST THE BEST FOR MONEY.IT COn ET3STBad II4fE mM- jQUIT;THAT "GET RICH QUICKCSPECULATION.:e(r.hr?cSnaCi5jiX'iJi3A''Last year 1 had some money saved uo," he said "andi;IF I had kept it in the Bank and left it there it would be thereNOW, wit more added to it. But a stranger came along'with an enticing scheme and I bit. If I had had any sense fSwould have asked my BANKER about those 'good thingsbefore I invested and LOST my money." JMake OUR bank YOUR bank 'We pay 3 per cent, interest 'on Savings. 'IT OF- PlfilS,Capital, $i00,000.00,DEPOvifJ.4M.-SilA.ll. PrcsiosntSrpl, $40,0000,"f.rTvrj i --sj- -, . -t"" "" '" 'r'f'' " " ' in 1 -v.' r-V "VJ-rVrs ifiw t tHMllWtaMMMqmmmAmmwmmm