THfcv;.: '"' &"iJAiirDrKi urAnz mi : i-m -? v v : -w: - - u v. -' .- .v : jl- ' .- j. . T..v " -.m m LB H -VH 'J-ZVLrrLBT 'B VBi Bfl 'wBl'-Ba Wf W- . VIHBbW' "SS" 'i Bai wA'BBBBB' 'Bb Bm wfl' VB BHBV .war wAT- TaBlPUBLISHED ETORY TUESDAY Al$ FRIDAY IN THE YEAH' j " .VOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 6, 1914.HfNTQN RECEIVESWfflJF OFFICEBegins Fifth Term as Mayorof Paris on YesterdayMorning.rNEW POLICE ON JOBMcMillan and Other CountyOfficials Assume TheirNew Duties.hisBECKHAM FORCESASSUMEJONTROLHouse and Senate r CaucusResults in Selection of.Ex-Governor's Men.For tie fifth, time during-career of a public man, Mayor J. T.Hmtoa, of Paris, yesterday took theoath, of office and began on anotherfour-year term as the chief executiveof the city. The oath was administered by County Clery Pearce Paton.Although neaiing the seventy-seventhyear of his life, Mayor Hinton is exceedingly active.For a number of years he has beena prominent figure in Democraticpolitics. He was a member of theBoard of Council of this city. for fifteen years and in 1895 was electedas Representative from BourbonCaunty in the Kentucky Legislatureand was twice elected to succeed himself. He has been a delegate to threeDemocratic National Conventions.During his past four terms asMayor of. Paris, Mr. Hinton by a wiseand economical administration improved the civic conditions of thecity, and brought its financial standing to the highest, point In addition to this he and his colleagueshave succeeded iii working out theintricacies of the tax system, withthe result that the rate of taxation inthis city is at lowest point in half acentury.All of the city and county officerselected at the November electionwereanducted 'into office yesterday.County Judge C. A. McMillan, succeeding Judge Denis Dundou, receiving the oath. Judge Dundon, who retires after holding the office for twoconsecutive terms,, will engage in theproctice of law and will open officesIn the Agricultural Bank building.Fred Link, who has been a memberof the Paris police force for the pastfour years, and who made a very enviable record as an officer, beingchosen in the Democratic primary lastAugust over four opponents and inthe general election without opposition, entered upon his new duties as-Chief of Police yesterday morning.Mr. Link was the recipient of ahandsome gold badge, the gift of several of his admiring friends, andwhich was presented to him in an!appropriate speech afetr the oathbeen administered by County Clerk Ifc takes a man who handles aboutPearce Paton in his private office in two dollars a week to get panicthe court house. Other members .of j stricken when he reads that there isthe police force are George W. Judy, a new ?100 counterfeit in circulaJ. H. King, James Moreland and J. tion.V.. Elgin, tle latter retiring from theoffice of Chief of Police, and waselected as a member of the policeforce at the last meeting of theCouncil in December. The retiringmembers of the force are G. N. McKenney and Charles Thomas.Other city officers elective and appointive who began their terms ves--terday were J. W. Hayden, Cityweignts ana Measures; John K. Cain,"Street Superintendent; Howard Lancaster, City Electrician; Chas. Barnett. Chief pf the Fire Department;.IE. B. January, Police Judge; L. D.Harris, City Assessor.County, Officers:' W. F. Talbott,"Sheriff; George Batterton, CountyAttorney; Pearce Paton, CountyClerk; M. F. Kenney, Inspector ofHudolph Davis, Coroner; R. M. GilTcey, County Assessor; Ernest Martin,Magistrate Paris Precinct; S. M Turpin, Constable Paris Precinct.Others who qualified jfpr the officesto which they were elected were asfollows: T. P. Wadel Police Judgeof Millersburg; Beii F. Bedford, Surveyor; John T. , Redmon, JusticeNorth Middletown; Ev P. Thomason,Justice Millersburg ?- John N. Shropshire, Justice Centetyille; R. O. Turner, Justice Ruddles Mills; R. H. Burfis, Justice Little R6ck;0.B. LJoyd,Justice Hutchison; A. L. Stevenson,Justice Clintonville; C. P.'Tadfietf,Constable Millersburg; William Beasley, Justice ClintonyiUe.FRANKFORT, KY., Jan. 5. Bothhouses of the Kentucky Legislatureare in control of the Beckham forces.The strength of the opposing factionswas thoroughly tested at the Democratic caucus of the Senate andHouse this afternoon, resulting in theBeckham forces sweeping into fullcontrol. The capitol today has beena political bee-hive, looking to theoutcome of the preliminary sessionsof both branches of the lawmakers.Senator M. O. Sco:t, of Edmonsoncounty, a Beckham man, who it wasearly in the day predicted would bepresident pro tern, of the Senate, waschosen at the caucus in the Senatechamber, no other name being presented, while. Claude M. Terrell, ofTrimble, was selected as Speaker ofof the Lower House.The House Democratic caucusmet at two o'clock this afternoon asscheduled, and was called to orderby State Chairman Rufus H. Vansant, after which Blwood Hamilton,of Franklin county, was chosen aschairman of the caucus. The officersof the House were elected as follows: Speaker Claude Terrell, of Trimble county.Chief Clerk James V. Stone, ofLouisville.Assistant Olerk Oscar Wicker.Sergeant- ta-Arms Oscar Vest, ofCarrolton.Enrolling Clerk Mary A. Robards,of Frankfort.Bookkeeper Jefferson Bowman, ofDanville.The House caucus was of considerable length, but as soon as it became known that Beckham and hisfollowing were hi control the interest shifted to the Senate chamber.where the caucus of the Democraticmembers of that branch of the lawmakers was held and which convened.at 4 o'clock. It resulted as follows:President Pro Tem M. O. Scott,of Edmonson county.Sergeant-at-Arms Ben Salmon, ofHopkins county.Chief Clerk Wiley Dixon, of Henderson. Doorkeeper Kash Shaw, of Franklin county.Enrolling Clerk Miss Jennie McDonald, of Frankfort.Assistant Clerk Jesse Alverson,of Anderson county.As pages three sons of . Senatorsfrom Lyons, Taylor and Morgan counties were selected. The caucus concluded after being in session aboutone hour.AVERAGE REACHES IfT" "ITS HIGHEST PUT j j & ; .-we-know how J - iAlmost' a Quarter MillionPounds of Tobacco Soldat Average of $13.80.Christmas is OverSEASON'S BESTtti."" '. "SALE. X 'i Jk-s- -tf . rr?Growers Highly Pleased WithPrices Obtained at theBourbon Warehouse.TAX SUPERVISORS OFSOURBON ARE SWORNThe members of the BourbonBoard of Tax Supervisors appointedlast November yesterday took theoath of their office, which was administered by County Clerk PearcePaton. The Board is composed ofRobert Meteer, S. R. Burris, WalterClark, John Marston, T. L. Marshall,S. S. Ardery and B. M. Renick. Thelatter was appointed instead of R. B.Hutchcraft, who declined to serve onthe Board.DEFEAT BEBELS ORDIE IS ATTEMPTMexican Officers DeclareThat, If Every SoldierDeserts.DR. !.. J. SPENCER SUFFERSA BROKEN RIB IN FALL.Rer. I. J. Spencer, of Lexington,father of Mrs. W. B. Ardery, of thiscitv, suffered & broken rfb Saturdaynight when he fell on the back porchof his .home in that city While theinjury is not serious. Dr. Spencersuffers considerably;, but will be ableto be out in a few days.. OJINAGA, MEXICO, Jan. 5. Alldoubt as to the intention of the northern division of the Mexican Federalarmy to defeat the Rebels or stayhere until .every soldier is dead- wasdispelled by Gen. Francisco Castro,leader of the general Federal troops,and Gen. Ynez Salazar, commanderof the Fedesal volunteers in interviews at headquarters to-day.Retreat of Federal soldiers acrossthe border to the United States territory would be induced only by someunexpected event, according to thetwo commanders, and even if all thesoldiers deserted, the generals saythey would remain to die at theirposts. "Dead soidiers lying unburied inthe outer trenches and hundreds ofliving soldiers on duty for a weekwithout sleep were some of the sceneswitnessed to-day. In an inspection ofthis frontier village. So far neitherside . has made material hadway except in the drain on the Federalranks. A few of the abode housesused as Federal forts have been demolished, "but the damage to fortifications made of dirt has been casual.Heavy cannonading marked sixthday o the seige without any resultsother than to increase the number ofdead and wounded. The latter fromboth sides are sent across the borderand are cared for by the Red Cross.They now number 150, and the improvised hospitals are crowded.The Federal army with its eleventrenerals are -making a valient standagainst retreat. It is said the Reb-'rfs irave become aisnearteneu overthe failure to take the town and arelikelv to. await the arrival of '"thepromised reinforcements form ChihuaThe best sale of the season washeld Saturday at the warehouse ofthe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouseuo. rne saies noprs were crowaea avto overflowing, the receipt for the(Wweek end sale being far in excess ofany during the present season. Theamount of tobacco which was 245,460pounds, was about twice as much ashas been handled at any one -realesince the opening of the house.The total amount or tobacco offeredwas sold for a total of $35,131.47, theaverage for the entire consignmentbeing $13.80, which was the highestyet attained. The prices ranged from?2.50 to $25 per hundred pounds, witha large number at $20 above the market. Rejections were very light, thefarmers being pleased with the pricesobtained.At the sale Saturday there werecrops from Harrison and Nicholascounties, the "growers of those sections being attracted by the high prices being paid on the local market,which in almost very instance haseclipsed those of other cities . Thequality of tobacco was just to theliking of the buyers and competitionthroughout the day was very livelyand bidding on the' choice lots spirited. The highest average of the day wasmade upon a crop belonging to J. J.Redmon & Brooks, which went to thehigh average of $18.09 while the consignment of Adair & Perkins averaged $18. There were a number of $16and $17 averages, while mediumgrades on the floors brought averages around $13 and $14.The entire clerical force at theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse wasrushed to a late hoar Saturday nightin paying off the farmers who hadsold then crops. Receipts at the local house since Saturday have beenvery heavy and indications point toanother good sale which is scheduledfpr to-day.Follbvivg are some of- the crop averages of the sale Saturday:.: W. R. Scott & Fryman $14.75; Wilson & Fowler $14.3b; Steele & Stewart $14.94; Adair & Perkins $18.09;Graves & Hay $13.51; J. J. Redmon& Brooks $18.09; W. A. Thomason &Davis $""-.21; Claybrook & Craycraft$14.89; C. M. Clay Estate & Johnson$14.12; Clay & Henry $14.61; Scott& Abbott $14.14; Ferguson & Williams $14.96; Claybrook & Struve$13.90; Current & Leer $14.24; W. B.Crouch Clanahan $17.86; Howard& Biddle $14.57; I. N. Keller & Son$16.02; A. Riffet $17.11; Ardery &Earlywine $17.76; Rash $p Stewart$13.94; J. N. Shropshire $13.51; J. N.Shropshire & Faulkner $13.74; Hutchcraft & Long $16.54; T. Johnson &Mrs. Ed. Rice $14.77; G. WilliamsClay $13.6; Plummer & McClure$16.20.1If-- '"VI' ;:Z-. "ST-But the Cold Wintery- Weather HasJust Commenced-,&fefi4,--yt-'r:-J.'And if you have not bought that heavy suit oryourwinter overcoat, which you certainly need, comenow and get busyat this store with one of ouri.-'$15 All Wool Overcoats orjMK .- vtSuits of ClothesistL05E MUCH TOBACCOair. James H. Thompson and histenant, William Smith, of near Kenney Station, had the misfortune tolose several thousand pounds of tobacco several days ago when a bunchof 103 caitle broke into the barn anddestroyed the weed.REALIZED HANDSOMELY.M. C. Sweeney, a tenant on thefarm of Mrs. T. H. Tarr, on theGeorgetown pike, near this city, reports the best yield of tobacco forthe year 1913. Mr. Sweeney had incultivation 10 acres of tobacco ;whichyielded 15,400 pounds, which sold for$2,071.74, or more than $200 per acrefor the laud cultivated.WEEK AT LEXINGTON.While the weather has been decidedly unfavorable and the roads in badcondition for hauling tobacco, stillreceipts last week on the Lexingtontobacco market were fair, and a totalof 2,964,395 pounds was sold at anaverage price of $13.17 a hundred.The highest price during" the weekwas $32 "a hundred. Total sales todate amount to 11,153,375 pounds witha season average of $12.55 a hundred.FRANKFORT.A total of 499,620 pounds of tobaccowere sold at Frankfort Saturday. Theaverage was $13.50. Prices rangedfrom $2.50 to $27. There is more demand for high grades since the holidays. Low grades remain the same.WINCHESTER.A total of 300,000 pounds of tobaccowas ''sold on the Winchester marketSaturday at $2 to $20. The marketwas steady, with few rejections.ithat are well made, hand-finished, fast colors andthe right style, for a price that will make you satisfied with your purchase Woolen Underwear inunion suits and the two-piece garments, the kind:that will keep you warm.Mitchell & Bfakemore,The Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckyMmMMMm$MMmwwmQm e.iviiiiia!?r;;i4)w'HiimwiWMiii!imiiww flfEta i m 1 1 i i mi 1 1 r;:uiJHHm!i h n i m i u u n u 1 1 1 munmi3FRANK & COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.;?..?--m iHALF PRICE SALEorLadies' and Misses' Suits,.Ladies', Misses and Children's Cloaks.,7 . a (, $25.00 Coats now $15.00' 20.00 Coats now ' 11.75"li- 15.00Coats now. :....-. ...'..." 8.7512.50 Coats now .:,....... 7.7510.00 Coats now. :-.-. .'. .'. . 6.758.75 Coats now '...-..,.:.... 5.75. 7.50 Coats now . ...:....'.. : .. . . 4.95"5.00 Coats now.......... 3.85-' '-.vjEvening Dresses35.00 Dresses now .19.7530.00 Dresses now. . .:...... ... .... 17.7525.00 Dresses now 16.7520.00 Dresses now 13.7515.00 Dresses now ' 9.95Come in and Look Around.-Your Trade.We WantMT. STERLING.The Farmers' House at Mt. Sterling jsoid about 265,000 pounds yesterday.The quality was much 'better than.had been offered, the -prices, being.FRANK 5c C9MtULIfUMfinilMUTMUYMiUHIIUillHDIHiiimniiiWinuiiirfiniiiiiiiiiiiiMiiitwihua before venturing another gen-'much stronger, probably '$1 higher on'I eral attack. ' ' medium reds and bright tobaccos. --SiBtWMStwdiiMilMMKWttWfivSr" . !.;iIS.V')Awm V..J. :;a -?J&4 ';'"vlJlfc '",'-' -J- - '" -$fcL,"'"'. .T-'imK vm;wv.-.- -' ai.'MS t,C N r' ''4, T : VIA '" -"THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. JANUARYS 1914HUES! PILES! PILESIWUAMy INDIAN PILE OINTMeWOL ewe Blind, Bleeding and Itckiagr PftIt absorbs tke tumors, allays itchiag at onaate as b. pealtice, gives instant relief.Tor sale by all druggists, mail 50cand $1WUJAHSMrc.CO., Praps., Cfevefanci, OfL Oberctorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.HUM MUMOne application soothes and heals a rouchoIvnpIvbLinJLnd.v henrcDeated.auickh effect.a cure. Eczema. Ervsioelas. Tetter. TTIcm-k andU& skin diseases yield to its curative properties.owe s box. ax mi uruggtsts.Seed for free tample and book. "Health and Beaaty."JOHNSTON, HULLOWAT&CO.,1739 Sprbis Garden St PMIa., Pa.rHLJt 1-1 1L JUJIlIIUI3wIILUKE McLUKE SAYS(Cincinnati Enquirer.) -Thereis sucn a mmg as Deing toocareiui. if ioan naa niaue one liuiocareiess sup wnen ne cnecKeu up uiocargo of trie Aric we could nave gu,ten aiong hneiy without the oeuuus.A man seldom leaves his wife' amuch when he dies as he did when hewas alive.Every time there is a misdeal ina poker game some mutt is certainto find a pat flush in his hand andmake his chair a Wailing Place forthe rest of the session.What has hecome of the old-fashionedalmanac that displayed thesigns of the zodiac grouped arounda gentleman with an apen-facedstomach?Protect Your HomeAnd Safeguard Your Family and Val-ables by InstallingHOME TELEPHONEInstant connection with Fire and Police Departments and1,000 other Telxphones in Paris and Bourbon County.' ,.Call our Gontract Department to-day.Lolal and Long Distance ServiceDe Paris Rome telephone ana CeKarapb Co.(Incorporated)Tjh Bourbon NewstEtWished 188132 Years oftinouous Publication.Con3WrFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice aB Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Published Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.0fc Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundrjT line. That is whaymade lhe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work anddever goes beck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateelfc Wsi;Roorhon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.M9IThe Best in the World'siThe1 TheHiggin AU-MetalScreens,Higgin All-MetalWeather Strip.Distributors of the Walger NewcTWodel AwningThe Best Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris Massie7Hospital, A.J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others. IOur Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought now for future delivery are fmade atcents per square foot cherper.T. A. Hendricks,SafesPhone 258523-sept-tfADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.HOGS FATTENED ON PEANUTS.otcT WINDMILL AT XESTONOne of the Moat Important and Picturesque Structures of aLondon Suburb.London. Among the very few windmills now left within a few miles ofLondon, that on the edge of KestonCommon, shown in the accompanyingphotograph, is certainly one of themost important and picturesque. Itis a noble example of the post-milltype, remaining practically in its original condition as built in the seventeenth or early eighteenth century,and remarkable at once for the graceof its lines and the just proportion ofits parts. It stands on a prominentridge, and its removal would involvea distinct loss in the landscape. It ismost unfortunate, therefore, to findLitFarm and Fireside, the nationalfarm paper published at Springfield,Ohio, prints in its current issue aninteresting article by J. L. Cuneo,entitled "Peanut Culture in Oklahoma," showing how Spanish peanutscan be grown in various parts of thecountry and used as feed for hogs.Finishing the hogs for market or getting them ready for butchering forhome consumption has put the farmers in Oklahoma and in the semi- aridregions of the Southwest to a severetest during the past three years.Owing to dry weather and hot windsthe grain crop during the past season was nearly a failure in thoseparts of the country. Hog raisers,finding that they could no longer depend on the grain crop to finish theirpork, found that Spanish peanuts metthe requirements. Mr. Cuneo writesin part as follows:"The peanut is one of the bestdrouth-resisting crops that can beraised, in fact it will stop growingand wait for rain. The plants willwilt under the hot sun of the day, butwill be fresh and green the nextmorning. It is very productive andwill do well on almost any kind ofsoil, but is best adapted to a lightsandy loam having a clay subsoil."In the summer of 1911 I had fouracres of peanuts, and although not adrop of rain fell for forty-five days,this crop continued to grow, and forty bushels per acre were harvested.In 1912, on the same kind of landand with half the cultivation of corn,I gathered seventy-five bushels ofpeanuts and twenty bushels of cornper acre."The most profitable way of raisingneanuts is to plant the crop, andafter the nuts are filled and matured RETURNS, FINDS HEcut the hay and cure like clover, and Jlet tne nogs narvest tne nuts. i ,- . .ijd.ui year uiu writer liiiu a ouianpatch of peanuts, a little less than anacre. On September 15th the vineswere cut, and six hogs averagingninety pounds each were turned into harvest the nuts. On November15th the bogs were again weighed,and they showed a gain of 750pounds, equivalent to $58 at the pricehogs were then selling for. Theywere then -taken off the peanuts andfed Kaffir corn for two weeks andwere ready for the market."While bigger gains and moreprofit can be secured by feeding peanuts in this than any other way.Peanuts alone will not put the hogsin the best shape for the. market,as the flesh will be soft, and somegrain feeding for a week or ten daysis advisable."Seventh Century Post-Mill.that the mill is in a serious state ofdecay. Recent examination indicatesthat it cannot stand much longer unless immediate repairs are carriedout. The roof-boards must be madegood, so as to keep out the rain, andthe main timbers of the upper portionmust be strengthened in order towithstand the strain and stress ofsouthwesterly gales to which it liesexposed. These works will involve acertain expenditure, but it is believedthat .there will be no difficulty in raising a sufficient sum say, 150 poundsto 200 pounds to save the mill fromthe total decay by which it is nowthreatened. The date of the mill isprobably the latter part of the seventeenth century; the year 1716, cut on 'the main post, indicating, in all probability, some addition or change of jownership. A view of the externalappearance of the building is shown (in the photograph. ;Woman's Danger SignalsHot flashes dizziness, fainting spells, headache, bearing-down Ifeeling and ills of a kindred nature are nature's danger signals. IThe female disturbance or irregularity back of these calls for belp Ishould have immediate care and attention. Otherwise the delicate Ifemale constitution soon breaks down. K BK-- dt. Pierce's favorite Frescrintioft' for more than 40 years ha3 been lendintr its herlth restoring aid tn 1hrn.sands of women year after year throughout its long life.This wonderfully successful xemedy imparts strength to the entire systemparticularly to the organs distinctly feminine. Nerves are refreshed. The "stale",overworked bmines? woman, the run-down house-wife, and the weary care-wornmother of a family all will gaiir strength from this famous prescription which40 years hasdemonstx-ated its effectiveness-in liquid or tablet form.SQIiP BY 3fr3EA3iEJtS FT BIKStC5?gES.Write Dr. R. V. Pierce's Speciatitls at the JrvaJids HotelCorrespondence Strictly Confidential and no charge.Br. Pierce's Fle3a.nt PcTlsta rebate arid iavirorate stomach, ltverand bowels, ficgar-coatod tiny grauales -ca-jy to take aa Candy.'!1 nun wurnw w u-i'jra-vvKH-inw -t - -TxiM-aamnga i i 11 ri .i-.-,, -.., i..mmI fLongfellow or Tennyson could take a wtrtkvless sheet of paper, write a poem on tt and Male itworth $50,000. That is GeniusJ: P. Morgan could have signed his name toachech and amke the Kttife bit of paper worth$100,000,000. ' That is CapitalA mechanic can take materia! worth $5.00and make watch springs worth $1,000.That isISJciftfIf you buy "FOX RIDGE COAL" from DODSON & DENTON -That is Good SenseShow your good sense by taking up the matterNOW.Dodson & DentonThe Home nf Good CoalYards, bouth Mam St. Both Phones 141),AIS DEADASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works foi him.v- He will reply:1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife -3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits?. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendfto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Action Taken Durinq MarEighteen Years' Absence GivesMoney to Other Heirs.OUTBURST FROM AWOMAN PAST THIRTY.In the January Woman's HomeCompanion appears an article entitled "The Girl Who Does Not Marry," in the course of which the author reproduces the following letterfrom a woman past thirty:"I am so fond of little children andthe desire for motherhood and marriage is so strong within me. Itmakes me shiver to feel the years going by and hurrying me past all hopeof my heart's desire. Life seemssometimes a hateful upside-downthing, the bad women often havingthe best. When I see the bits ofgirls about the streets holding theirbig fat babies I feel as though I coulddie of ' envy."THE ENGINEER'S. "ACCIDENT"AgentLexington, Ky.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIKhCTOR AND LICENSED EHBALIEB.BOTH'PHONES DAI 137; NIGHT 399.FURSJOHN WHITESAND HIDESHIGHEST MARKET PRICE PAIDFOR RAW FURS AND HIDESWm1i CfmmtatM. Wrrtifw priceHtt mentlenMg this ad.i LOUISVILLE,KY.HfSfew.jBftgjijMy'(Kansas City Journal.)An accident insurance story, toldby Bill Cunningham, of ArkansasCity: Not long ago an engineer onthe Sante Fe, out in Arkansas, 'purchased an accident insurance policy.A few days afterward he was out inhis yard giving attention to a hive ofbees, which he had recently purchased. One of the bees for some reason not disclosed, injected his stinger into that portion of the engineer'sanatomy which might have warmeda presidential chair but didn't. Theengineer claimed the injury was sopainful that he could not sit down torun his engine, and that it was impossible for him to run it standing,and therefore he was disabled fromfollowing his usual calling. He madea claim on the insurance companyfor disability and within a few daysthe company forwarded their checkfor the amount claimed.Five thousand college students areexpected to attendt he conventionin Kansas City of the student volunteers for foreign missions.St. Louis. After an absence of 25years in the west, Walter Ludwig returned to Belleville, 111., only to findthat he had been dead, legally, foryear3 and that his inheritance hadbeen divided among other heirs.Ludwig, whose real name waa Walter James, was sent to Belleville asan orphau when his parents died inNew York. He was adopted by Amandus Ludwig, with whom he lived forIS years. He then ran away, goingwest, and never was heard from againuntil he returned to Belleville.When the elder Ludwig died 1yeais ago he left property valued at$4,000 to his foster son. After sevenyears "had passed with no word fromthe foster son, other heirs asked acourt to declare him legally dead.This was dona and his inheritanceiras divided.ns I Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyINCOBPOKATEGD..IIHeadquartersFORMAN GETS RELIGION RIGHTIndianian Promised the Lord H 'Would Pay Up When Converted, Jand Keeps His Word. , SMarion, Ind. A man who gave his 'name as W. C. Bush of Waukesha,Wis., gave 20 cents to Ben Smelser,agent of the Union Traction company,in this city, with the explanation thatthe money was due the company, sinceBush's wife eight years ago, received20 cents too much change from a conductor. Bush said he lived formerly inMarlon and Fairmount, and that whenconverted three weeks ago he promised the Lord he would return to Grantcounty and settle financial obligationsof former years. He said he had seenat least forty persons in Marion, Jonesboro and Fairmount, and had paidthem money.5.Holiday Gifts.We hve just received a nice consigment ofMUSICAL INSTRUMENTSconsisting of Violins, Guitars, Maaolins, Hand Accordeons, Blow Accordeons and Harps of all kinds.Violin, Guitar, Banjo and Mandolin Cases. Clocksand Jewelry at very low prices. Give us a call.STAR CLOTHING MOUSE,J. ELVOVE, Prop.Our Call Home Rhone 360i pBOY SWALLOWED HIS TONGUEFootball Player Almost ChokedDeath in Odd Mishap WhilePlaying Game.toThere are 16 maples in the UnitedStates, most of them being Easternspecies. The rt valuable, not onlybecause of the product of its sap, butalso "of the lumber, is sugar maple.sStamford, Conn. George Lucas ofMaiden, Mass., fullback, on the Stamford Preparatory school football team,has gone to his home to recuperatefrom an odd injury.Playing against Princeton Preparatory school the other day Lucas received a blow on the back of his neckwhich forced him to "swallow histongue" that is, his tongue turnedbackward in his throat. He was choking, when a person whovhad seen aplayer suffer a similar injury, put inhis hand and pulled the tongue back.Lucas has been weak ever since.Kindness, courtesy and punctuality,Endeavor we to give you.Less money, good quality,Long weight; and anyEncouragement we4appreciate. -'Ring 715 and.106 and we will'Send your order and ourjthanks.Keller Gro; 2 ry Co many1D-f.'KJ.rr t-"I-T-1 v"v1 .Vi-i hi-5tf-u4!.y."f-. f&4-w- "w .X--BOURBON VNE;W$, PRIS, REWTCKY, JANUARY J5( 191. 3" "- J"f '3'JUA. fiftewi-year-old girl understandstsolgb. better tn&n a fifty-year-old manmderst&ads women.- What lias become of the old-faali-ionedtight wad who used to keepiis change in a leather bag with askoe; lace tied around the top of it?Speeded up the FactoryA BIRMINGHAM Selling House received a rush order for machinery.The sales manager called the factory at Pittsburg on the telephone, andwas assured that the order would beshipped as desired.Long Distance Bell Telephone service is an essential link between theselling house and the factory.When you telephone smileCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyINCORPORATED.122 SOUTH PRYOR STRE10 FHLL FDBCMSEBS1If you are looking for a goodSuit or, Over coatt reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, herejs'thejplaceto get one. ,We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Overcoats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we areoffering then at a. special inducement forSiaWe ako have a full line of Schlots Bros.9 guaranteed-tailored Suits for $15 to $25. Enersoa Shoes at $4nd $5, also Stetsom and Hawes Von Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise can be had at a price thatwmi please your pocket-book. ,TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEPT.L. Wolistein, Proprietor.t Paris OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,,and will wonder why you have not tried ustbefore.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats'.Cleaned andReblockedto your satisfaction.- We CaSi For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam;Key,lPrpprietor.- White Kid Glores Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.ttxmmmmmmmw.Any timea girl goes to the frontdoor in an old kimono and her owncomplection when a young mancalls, it is a sign that the young manis as popular as 'a. twelve-ounce, bottle of Caster Oil, as far as she is concerned. 'ETf ATLANTA, GEORGIA.Cleaning Co. f98iL- " -EN'S DRESSCombinations of Two Materials in One Gown is .Still in FavorPOWDER AND PATCHESNEW YORK, January 5. Neverhas here been a greater variety ofmaterials to choose from than at thepresent season, and the variety jsnot all confined to the high-pricedmaterials. The woman of smallmeans has as great a. chance as her"wealthier neighbor to obtain thesefor her suit or gown. Moire, velours,velvet, serpentine crepe, and duvetyne are among the most popularof the season's fabrics. Moreover, ithas been many a long day since women were allowed to carry out theirown individual tastes in fashioningtheir garments as they are today. Itused to be if a woman showed decided originality in her gowns, shewas considered "queer," but nowadays she is given credit for her individuality. However, -there are very,few women who wish to make themselves conspicuous enough to wearsemi-Greek or Roman costumes;most of us confine ourselves to adjusting the prevailing fashion to ourindividual needs.Pleasing and Popular Combination ofMoire and VelvetStriking color contrasts ,are seeneverywhere, and slowly the women ofNew York are taking up the lightcolored suits which Faris has beenhblding forth for some time. It ishardly apt to be more' than a passingwhim; for though they are morecharming, they are hardly practicable for the dust and dirt of our American cities. Stiil they will havetheir day like many Other of DameFashion's fads. Caie au lait is oneof these attractive colors; this is alight soft tan about the shade ofa delicate cup of coffee, with just theright amount of cream in it. Couldanything be more beautiful than acoat of this color trimmed with martin or fitch fur? Other shades Riio.has biscuit, oyster, cypress green andeven light pmk, are. to be seen onFifith Avenue occasionally and in thefashionable restaurants.Many new style effects are tried outupon professional models by the man-utacturers, who try to launch someof their original ideas by creating ademand in this way. A hip epauletteskirt was one of these, a modifiedrepetition of the general's epaulettemadeto fit the hips instead of theshoulders. This has been adoptedvery conservatively by a few restlesswomen for whom style does notchange quite fast enough.The aron effect has been seen onsome of the newest of the Parisianimportations. It is not necessarilyconfined to the portion of the dresswhere conventional usace nlaces it.i but may appear with eauanimitv onI the hips or the back of the skirt. Itis really a most effective mode of development. I saw a dress the otherday of taupe duvetyne, with an apronin the back of thesame material,which rippled back and .forth at everystep of the wearer, giving flutteringslimDses of the color- It remindedj mc of a brown bird with bright coli oring under the wings, which onlyJ show at intervals when he is flying.Fig. 1 shows- a, charming combination of moire and velvet. The bodice'and tunic were of ' light tan moire,while the .skirt was of black velvet.WlliiiiillMiiHNNKjjJifelfMirMQ-IlljjUlWmTkmVmWStLmwmWvWmMKaftgplgJBflBlfWflSSMThe tunic was short, on one side andlong on the other giving the Irregularline so much in vogue. Formosanembroidery was used effectivelydown the front and for the cuffs. Asurplice-closing" vest of fine- net wasused under the waist. This had agraduated frill around the neck whichwas wired to stand ud in the hack.The skirt was plain, tapering in welltoward the ankles. Around the waistwas a crushed girdle finishing at theside, with a large gilt rose; artificial,of course.No matter how elaborate the dressa light waist is often preferred tothe one that matches the skirt.Many blouses are not to be seen below the bust, for the wide girdlesreach to about there and leavescarcely room for anything but theyoke and sleeves. Quite a few- waistsare seen in the shops made especiallyfor these dresses. Some are wornover light-colored chiffon waists,giving an air of alluring daintiness.The surplice effect is very smart,and is used a great deal where thebody and sleeves are cut in one. Itis a very becoming style to mostwomen, as a V-shaped neck is not soharsh as either a round or squareneck.Short jackets in bolero and Eton effects are to be seen in silk as , wellas in other materials. Figure 2 isa dress I admired very much at atango tea, which reminds me thattango teas are one of the latest modesof amusement 'for the dancing-madpublic, for a tango tea menas " atea with dancing.". To get back to fashions. The little dress I speak of was developed Inprinted silk having a gray bacfeground with roses scattered over it.The little bolero jacket has a smartJapanese collar, and was charmingFASHION LETTER Continuedin its unadorned beauty. The tilt ofthe jacket gave the popular pulled-upeffect which is so stylish. The skirtwas very plain, having the closing'directly in the front. With this wasworn a surplice crepe de Chineblouse. A net yoke, following theline pf the surplice V at the neck justpeeped out above the silk. A girdleof silk encircled the waist, endingwith a flat bow across the front.Worn with this dress was a string ofjade beads. Such accesories arebeautiful and irive a finishing: touchtrt thn trilef hut if i Tint p.vprv nnfi 'who grasps the psychology of knowing when and where such a touch isrequired.The fashion of wearing artificialflowers is still very popular. Thesingle flower seems to hold the preference over the bunches that wereworn a year ago. Even children areuaruiy tnougnt completely uresseuwitnout tneir amnciai nower piaceu Ipreferably on the muff.McCaU.Japanese Collars Set Off the NewShort BolerosI saw a most attractive water lily,with a long looped-up stem, havingit wherever they could find a convenient resting-place, looking like, dewdrops. One little shop makes a specialty of these flowers, that are so perfect and the oror so tantalizinglynatural that they are termed, "preserved flowers."",While we have become more natural in our figures than heretofore,we have added a. few lesser artificialities to our list. One is pow'deredhair which is quite smartest thingfor dress .occasions, and with thatgoes the patches of Colonial days.But while the strait-laced among. usmay .deprecate these vanities, arethey not' far less barbarous than thetight corsets of former years?CHRONIC CONSTIPATION CURED"Five years ago I had the worstcase of chronic constipation I everknew of. and Chamberlain's. TabletBcured me," writes W. .S. Fish, Brook-lyn, Mich. For sale by all dealers.(Jan) . - (adv)Some men are so ., dog-gone unootofni fimt thpv don't even thankLyou for worrying oyer their business.'Daily4CourieriiATHalfPrioe54 S,'"m5'DURING."DECEMBERiJANUARY4 iFEBRUARYTiie BourDon Newshas made special arrangement whereby the Daily IsCourier-Journal can be furnished one year for m$3.00, six months $1.75, by mail (Sunday not included) to all patrons who will give their rders tolift Hlffincr fViA mrknflie noma qkAa C.. ill.. & , uva.j, limuwu awc. -UCLtCJr 5U1J, 3iyou can have the Daily Courier-Journal ad the !BourbonNews:one yearkeach SSfJ KJ '!For Only $4.75After February 28, 1914,qCourier-Journal alone is $6.00 a year. Take ad- 'vantage of this special Bargain Offer at once and :8 REDUCE THE HIGH COST NF LIVING.25 To Get AdvantagemOrders Must Be Sent Us, Notto the Courier-Journal.L. oc N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE;m. PROM .. -. 4fJlahta, Ga., Daily .". . . .5:21unLexington, Ky.f .Daily .,..,.; 5;18ibn"Cyhthiana; Ky., Daily Except "Simda.y ,7:35diaVIaysTille, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : !7:38Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45lanLexington, Ky., 'Daily Except Sunday .... .-. . ,T ; 7i42mCincinnati, O., .Daily . .' , .-.; 9:38QMn'Maysville, Ky., TJaily Except Sunday . ......... ." 10:2fliunLexington,- Ky.j Daily? w .7 . lQ:15,1imCincinnati; O., Dally.' Vh. 10:24ftunLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:0mCynthiana,. Ky., ;Daily , Except Sunday y . ... . .3jiefcmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sumday 3:15pmLexington, Ky.,sDaily . .:. ;..... 33RpmKnoxville, Tennr, Daily ". 3:30 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily '. J 5:35 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday '...)........... -5:50pmLexington, Ky., Daily. ...t-.tfs-w. ..-,...... 6:18pmJacksonville, Fla., Daily .' ..7.... 6:23pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTraioLS IDepa,rtTOCincinnati, O., Daily . 5:28 amMaysville, Ky., Daily .Except Sunday : ., 5:35 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:47 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday ., -. 7:50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .....;. 7:50amLexington, Ky., Daily 9:43 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily ; . : . 9:45 amJacksonwille, Fla., Daily ...:....-....-.. . l10:29 amLexington, Ky., Daily ? . If :27 amMaysville, Ky., Daily ,. ." 12:05 pm.Cynttiiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . . .v. :..... 12:04 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:33 pw.Cincinnati, O., DaUy ..-." . 3:40 pmRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,.. 5:56pm.,Lexington Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:58 pmCincinnati, O., Daily , ;.. 62SpAMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:25-pm'Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:4 fm.Lexington, Ky., Daily lt:55 pmAtlanta, Ga Dafly 10:57iNo.341134! 29I10403123326;25913838o'39S3231No3447401029373313362613389393283031131No.2.4FROMFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -. .'. . . v . . . IzjiQ.inFrankfort, Ky.,. Daily Except Sunday... . . . . . ,...,.,T ;iS.PD' Trains IDe-artl'':.. . " r TO .- ,No.iFrankkfort,. Ky., DailyExcept Sunday. '. ....Frankfort, Ky.i Dally JEcept Sunday e...-pep FARMcent. $ioooitoi$iw owW."KING & SON,'villi Wi125Ch23Dsldc, Lexlneton, Ky,v..:fr "j-i.- Journalthe price of the Daily-iof This Cut RateOCT. 19, 1913AS:3I sou?,;.GJO.HUpU tJlVtWhen you fedtsssg,voos; tirecf, worried oc dgpoda t k issure sign you need MOTTS'NIRY'IRINPILLS. They renew the normal Vigramake life worth living. Be sure and ask Jc.Mott'sNerverfne ftSsR&Si,W1DJAMS MPG. r-. rr.-rjirJ OkiiL.Oberdorfer, . Drugcrist. J?arfs, Ky....m1:j. -it -2'' 'it.i:5:JS.A6,'-Jiv1ri.fe a Mtld-keaUd msims KJ6U to aefi.tu Because no-k fcasa't' any dandruff on. his-4HK collar.FOREST NOTES.Tke reason a. man does't worrytM?fl, ver the prospect o bis sins! t Ijpi out is because bis wifealways Starts tbem to it.IFoi satmday (The forest service collected 40,000pounds of tree seed last year for usein re-forestation work. The totalarea re-forested was about 30,000acres.There is promise of a large turpentine industry in the West andSouthwest, the raw product beingplied by the resinous gum of Western yellow- pine.Hobip Pies.Gouotry Glut) Cakes,iChocolate,Maraschino,VanitfaCaramel.German pencil manufacturers arelooking to California incense cedarfor pencil wood. The establishmentof a pencil factory in California ishot .improbable.More than 120 million board feetof timber was given away free bythe government last year to settlersand miners living in or near the National forests.It is funny that the fellow whoJ doesn't believe in a hell is the sameguy who gets it neary every day.Things don't always work out asthey should. If they did every colj ored man, in the country would vote'under the rooster. tCALENDARS FOR 1915.For Saturday, f.-'BEEF CATTLE ASSOCIATIONTO J4DLD MEETING THIS WEEKThe Kentucky Beet Cattle -Associationwill hold . its annual meetingat Emendcrf FarmijfejFayette County, JamfarrlO, and novel features willbe introduced. A prime steer and acommon rough steer will be judgedon foot, atfer which they will beslaughtered a comparison made ofthe carcasses,, as wen as a compareson made of the wholesale cuts otmeat from the carcasses.Prof. Louis D. Hall, of the IllinoisExperiment Station, will carry on thisdemonstration. Prof. Hall devoteshis entire time at the Illinois Collegeof Agriculture to investigating andteaching the subject of meat, and heis recognized as an -authority on thison'h'iftP.t..His writing along this line havebeen extensive.Mr. Charles H. Berryman, managerf wmoniiftrf nurchased one of thefinest steers at the International LiveStock Exposition and will give it tothe Association to represent theprime steer. mThe Experiment Sataion will provide the common rough steer, andMr. Jonas Weil has been authorisedto find a suitable steer to representthis grade. Dr. Joseph H. Kaftle,director of the Experiment Station,has- announced that the ExperimentStation will give a ten dollar goldnionp tn the farmer who comes thenearest to estimating the average per-of meat these sieeibV;2,375 TONS OF ARSENIC -PRODUCED --LAST YEAR.1 BaldwinBros.,Paris, KentuckyWe have made arrangements withthe Hayes Lithographing Co., of Buffalo, N. Y., to act as their agents inBourbon County. We have now Teadyfor display one of the handsomestlines of Calendars for 1915 that youever saw. We can save you at least20 per cent on your orders. Don't'give them to a traveling agent comein or phone ub and let us show youour line. The Hayes Co. is one ofthe largest in the world and their' work is exquisite. Let us have yourorder and save you some money andat the same time make a little piecefor ourselves. .(tf) BOURBON NEWS.':Women of Refined TasteGet their advance Spring stylesfrom the newcTWcCall Book of FashionsSpring Quarterly on Sale Jan-- uary 5th "ZThis recognized a ufchority is indispensible in planning your Spring wardrobe; ,100pages of authentic descriptions andfascinating illustrations of advanceSpring feshions gathered from theworld's style-centers Paris, NewYork, London. Berlin.Newest Fashions for evening: or afternoon gowns, for tailored suits, wraps, outdoor and party frocks for misses', children's and babies' outfits. -'Z t ;.IA.TEST STESin hats, gloves, neckwear, jewelry, wide belts, handbans, lingerie and all dress accessories.Special Articles on hairdressing, embroidery and a wealth of other interestingfeatures for women and the home.All designs illustrated in this big SpringFashion Quarterly are produced in easy-to-make-at-home,perfect-fitting McCall Patterns. Only 30 cents Postpaidincluding any 15-cent PatternI firZ ; Ife mmZ . w?&Ms: 5-4jt4 1 tfefet A' WPmkmWBfr&Bk HiWEmWm'centagedrGSS ouElemndorf has recently erected anup-to-date abattoir, and those in attendance will have an opportunity tosee it in actual operation. -aaMr. Daniel Combs, of LespedezaStock Farm, Hickory Valley, Tennessee has been asked to speak beforeSft AeLntinn. Mr, M. O. Hughes,of Bowling Green, will speak, on the"Utilization of Different Feeding Operations, as well as the Value ofManure from the Same."Mr Hughes believes in the feedingof steers as a source of profit on thefarm and has made a decided success of the business. He recentlymade a study of the agricultural conditions of Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, one of the ricnest couuliobas far as fertility oi tne iauu ib uuucerned in the United States, and hefound that the feeding of steers hasentered largely into the farm operations of this county. Mr. Hughesr will'tell something of the way these people feed and handle steers at a profit.Mr. Thomas Green, the live stockcommission merchant of Cincinnati,will discuss the subject "The Kind ofSteers to' Produce for the Market inthe Future."This meeting will begin at 10 a.m. Seats will be erected in one ofheated pavilions at Elemndorf forthis occasion.Retort Professional.Author MI would have you know,sir, that I have written for better magazines than yours! Editoiyou get them?" Judge.-"And did- n At The Columbia"Officer 666" at the Paris Grand."Officer 666," when it appeared inNew York and Chicago, was accorded the most flattering expressions ofapproval by both press and thepublic. It lived up to the predictionof its censors by recording the longest runs ever registered in either, ofthose cities for a play of its classand now that we are to see the famous policemen at tbe Paris Grandon Saturday night, January 17, interest in the piece has been furtheraroused. - (adv)Tuesday, January 6 'The Dressof Lolita" (Reliance), a powerfuldrama of "Little Italy," almost bordering on tragedy. This exceptionally strong story from the pen of MaryMurrillo deals with the emotionalchildren of "Sunny Italy" in a newand interesting manner."A Chapter of His Life" (Majestic)a deeply stirring drama of fatherlylove, pride and forgivenness, inwhich one tragedy is the means ofaverting another. "Fatty at San Diego," (Keystone), a screamingly fun-ny comedy picture."Wednesday, January 7 "Friday,the Thirteenth." Do you believe insigns? Do you believe in dreams?Do you walk around ladders ratherthan under them? Do you dread doing important things on "unluckyI days?" Then by all means see "Friday," the Thirteenth." "The LittlePirate" and "Snatched from Death,"two dramatic reels, will also beshown. (adv)Alamo.Due to the lamentable fact thatnature has only given each of us onecorporate self, it has heretofore beenimpossible to view Lily Langtry'scharming art only in one place at atime, but the famous Player's FilmCo. has improved upon that regrettable circumstance by presenting thatcelebrated beauty and artiste in amoving picture production, entitled"His Neighbor's Wife," in a startlingdrama of domestic life. The dramadeals with two married couples, andis realistic in the extreme.Abandoning the conveneional triage, the famous Player's Film Company make a human quardrangleanother kind of wrangle and weaveda powerful plot of love, faith, infidelity, hatred, vengeance and sacrifice. The wife of oiie couple and thehusband of another meet clandestinely, are detected by the other husband, who reports ner husband's infidelity to the other wife, and threatens to kill her husband on sight unless she consents to elope with him,as a means of revenge. In the role ofthe faithful wife, who would rathersacrifice her life than stain her husband's name, faithless though he isproven to be, Mrs. Liangtry gives adelicate and decisive delineation."His Neighbor's Wife" will be seenat the Alamo Theatre to-day.NEW GAME LAW WILL LIKELY.BE PASSED BY LEGISLATUREFOR SALE BYUcCtu.The McCall Co.236 to 246 West 37th St., N. Y.-y-oiHmimicnuou-4ty&crtWZ,sfiiW'.-"'r- '.-';-90fFYOU PUT MONEY INTH&BA&K:HOW IT WILL GROW INTO A FORTUNEi AND KEEP YOU SOME1 DAY e "rf The above statement is absolutely true. You areitnding not alone the money but the FUTURE of thatiwiey. That money you are now spending would some dayjuike a goodly sum which wauld insure you GOMFORT INYOUR OLD AGE or protect your FAMILY should you die.MakeJOUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.EPOS IT BANK OFPARIS.fcf. HALL.. President.Surples, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS. CashierThe sportsmen of Bourbon Countyare 'interested in the proposed newgame law or the several amendments to the present law, which willbe passed by the coming legislature,unless something unusual happens.Under the management of QuincyWard, Uie new game laws the pasttwo years have worked wonders andit now sees that Kentucky is againon the road to he a great huntingground which prompted the early settlers to remain here on account ofthe game.The new law, or the new provisions are as follows:1. Provide for non-resident fishingand trapping licenses.2. Provide for non-resident hunting and fishing licenses.3. Repeal section allowing huntingon adjoining land.4. Provide for closed season ondeer, elk and buffalo.5. Amend law for killing andcapture of squirrels,. open season, June toFebruary and reimburse for loss ofcrops where injured by squirrels.6. Prohibit the shooting of wild; fowl from motor driving boats.7. Provide for closed season onwild turkeys for four years.8. Provide for bag limit on quail 15per day.9. Close season on rabbits fromSeptember 15 to November 15, andprohibit sale during closed season.10. Change open season on dovesfrom August 1 to September 1.11. Provide for bag limit on doves15 per day.12. Make it unlawful to kill at anytime, any pheasant, or ipiported wildbird.13. Provide for rearing of gamebirds and game animals in captivity.14. Prohibit the trapping or snaring of animals, except during the openseason. ,15. Prohibit hunting for ferrits.16. Reduce the Denalties for all! violations of game and fish laws, inorder that Magistrates and CountyJudges may have jurisdiction, exceptfor dynamiting.17. Make it unlawful to kill, purchase, or have in possession, the bodies, or plumage, of any song or insectivorous birds.18. Provide for law protecting furbearing aniiaals, from March 1 to November 15, except that they may. bekilled "by the owner, or his agentswhen damaging or destroying crops.19. Prohibit pollution of watersand provide for fine of not less than$250 nor more than $1,000 for eachoffense.20. Prohibit the catching of fish inany planner, except with hook andline, set line, or trot line.21. Prohibit the shooting of fish inany of the public waters of the State.22. Prohibit the taking of pikeperch or wall-eyed pike, less than 9inches in length, cappies, less than 6inches in length, black or green bassless than 8 inches in length; and provide when caught under legal length,,tney must ne returned to the waterfrom which they were taken, withoutdelay, or unnecessary injury.23. Make closed season on bass'for 2 years for the mouths of Mayand June. "Wanted.Three well-dresses men to travelwith manager. AH expenses advanced. Men aged 21 to 30 years withsome experience of house to housework. Call room 6, Fordham Hotel.(It) W F. COMPON, Manager.The output of arsenic in the' UnitedStates during 1913 was all in the theform of white arsenic or arsenousoxide commonly known as "aVsenic,"and amounted to about 2,375 shorttons, valued at $142,340, against 3,141tons, valued at $190,757, in 1912, adecrease of 766 tons in quantity and$48,417 in value, according to thepreliminary figures collected by.Frank L. Hess, of the II. S. Geological Survey.As in 1913, white arsenic was produced in this country only from smelter flue of bag-house dust and by thesame three firms that produced itin the preceeding year. The Anconda Copper Company saved white arsenic from fumes made in smelteringButte copper ores at the Great Washoe Smelter at Anconda, Mont. AtMidvale, Utah, the United StatesSmeltering Company sublimed whitearsenic from bag-house dust collected, fa. rMMlterinir tiatic utf 4rUtah, cosper ore. The AmericaSmelting and Refining" Coinjay ?ved its output from. Jtae dust jaaiefrom both domdstie ' aad foreiga. rr.Th.ere is so littli. ect, profit fcCtke manufacture p white anaaJcowing largely to the long digtaaefit must be shipped to market, tbatthe smelting companies make it omlybecause they must prevent its Escape into- the atmosphere. If the demand and- prices justified a largf r output the production could he greatlyincreased. Arsenic is .used principally as an insecticide for spraying fruit tree; inthe manufacture of glass, especially'plate glass; and for destroying weeds,,one railroad alone using several husdred tons a year for this purpose.'.Ghv Him the Hide Thee.Many a prodigal son isn't wortk 'JtifcTtaL Norfolk Virginian-Pilot-(c)i20 ID. Tne eastern sugar$1 .oop25cWith a $3.00 PurchaseBaby Bunton Corn, 3 Cana c . . . .Tomatoes, per can . 1 0cSugar Loaf Peas, per can 1 5c and 20cStandard Peas, per can ; . ... .". '. '.. . .v 1 0cPork and Beans, 2 cans for 1 5cBoiled Oats, new stock, 3 packages. .' 25cNew Dried Peaches 1 0 and 1 "2 l-2cFancy Apricots, 2 lb. forFancy Sun Dried Apples, per lbLANCASTER FLOUR.25-lb Sack.... $ .8048-lb Sack... .).. 1.6098-lb Sack -.' 3:10Save the cjifference by paying cash. SpecialPrices on quantity lots.35c...: ScT. C. LEINIHAIN.Cash Grocerv.1 Both Phones 234vIJREPORT OF THE CONDITION OF THEPEOPLES BANKAt the close of business on December 31, 1013.Began business October 17, 1912.RESOURCES.Loans and Discounts $183,305.402,625.43PCJBLBC SALEFurniture and FixturesOF Due From BanksLivery Outfit, HorsesJcaSdrafts.::::: :::::::29,773.35652.6710,707.49Buggies, Harness, Efc.Having leased my livery stable inParis, Ky , for a term of five years, tobe used as a garage by the BourbonGarage Co., I will sell at public auction, at the said stable, known as the"Middle Stable," on"SATURDAY, fEBRlTaROTOKrbeginning atlO o'clock a. m "7 ' sharp,the following:1 pair aged bay horses;1 sorrel gelding, 7 years old;1 brown horse, 9 years old;1 light bay mare, 8 years old;1 brown horse, 7 years old;1 bay horse, 12 years old;1 bay combined horse, 7 years old;1 pair black geldings, carriage orhearse team;1 brown horse, 5 years old;1 bay mare, 9 years old;1 black horse, 10 years old;1 black mare, 5 years old;1 gray gelding, 6 years old;1 bay mare, 5 years old;1 bay mare, 9 years old1 bay gelding, 5 years old;1 black mare, 5 years old;1 matched team, bays; weigh 1300,I nice carriage or hearse team;1 6-seated pall-bearer Riddell coach,good as new, used only one year;2 rubber-tired Cunningham carriagesin first-ciass repair;2 farm wagons, with frames andbeds;10 buggies, all rubber-tired, many ofthem brand new, some not hitched toone half dozen times;1 depot wagon;1 surrey, good as new;' 1 4-seated trap;1 2-horse drummer's wagon, withtop; ' .1 1-horse drummer's wagon, withtopr in good repair;6 sets carriage harness, only usedshort time, good as new;1 set double light harness,, for carriage; .1 set surrey harness;16 sets buggy harness, all gocd;..1 set brake cart harness;2 sets; wagon harness;1 cutting box;8-horse -electric motor;Lot of tip-to-date buggy rugs andhorse blankets.Carriage coats, halters, whips;Many other things pertaining to alivery outfit too numerous to mention.TERMS-AH amounts under S50 cashin hand; amounts over 50 three monthsnote necotiable and payable at DepositBank of Paris, Ky.. D. W. PEED,Paris, Ky. -Geo. D.- Speakes, Auctioneer.LIABILITIES.Capital Stock 50,000.00-1,500.0SurplusUndivided Profits. .Due to BanksIndividual Deposits .$227,064.34EARNINGS PAST SIX MONTHS.527.IP175,037 34$227,064.34:-Earnings i. I.1.-'--- $5,032.97Undivided profits June30,1013 234.61$5,267.58Disposed of as follows:Current expenses paid -$3,24G.S&Placed to Surplus 1,500:0Undivided profits Remaining.- 527. Of.?5,367,fcCOMPARATIVE STATEMENT.December 31 1912 $ 65,094.83June SO, 1913..... $123,847.88December 31, 191 J $175,037.34W. P. Ardery,Ed Burke,J. W. Jacoby,LIST OF DIRECTORS. .G. W. Wilder, Edw. Blake,H. S-. Cay wood, B. F. Buckley,D.,S. Henry,v Dr. Wm. Kenaey,Dr. F. P. CampbellE. H. Gorey. y.LIST OF OFFICERS.W. P. Ardery, President, S. E. Bedford, Cashier.Edward Burke, Vice President, . W. T. Bryan, Bookkeeper,CONDENSED REPORT OF THE CONDITION OFThe Deposit Bank of ParisAt the Close of Business Dec. 31, 19134 RESOURCES:Loans. '. $479,749.27Overchecks-.-. 2,962.55Due from Banks..Cash V-Banking HouseFurniture and Fixtures:Other Real Estate..,,;.54,197.3926,907.6011,000.001,500.002,033.01LIABILITIES:Capital Stock S100:00OXrSurplus 40,OOO.Ofundivided Profits - 6,61o.-7TDue to Banks ,'. ;--' ' 'jpf"isms jfayaoie ..- , jj$578,349.82Rediscounts .Deposits"-'-&--'&w43i;734:fc-'$7349?iCCOMPARATIVE DEPOSITS.DccoiaEft ta, i9(oa.i'ti-4j?9JUNE 30. 19lW : - - $273.0?rJULY 18, 1911- $309,033.16NOV. 14, 1911 S323.OT5.feNOV. 14, 1912 $383,9T3;4NOV. 14, 1913 $407,155.TeDEC. 31, 1913,T34,OSOFFICERS.Rresident .- J. M. -HallCashier i V---C. K. ThomasBOOK-KEEPERS.-': Fayette ArderySrDIRECTORS,. . .; .J.' M. Hall Root. MefefeN. Knener, . " L. M-. gS.tsartfrv z 7i?i-i. i .E. H. Gorey, Ax Dun can Bell,E. M. Costello.S, S:?vIGeorge "Doyle," -Alii'Vsy-;-; '-v -'A'..:, i -"s.4y.jFS..-w -':-mi&ilVl'V.'f- "ITHE BOURBdN .NEwSv Piiv " .rjj6,fr ,.; .11i)iHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEJANUARY SALE.Our annual January clearance salen beidn on January xoui auu "trill uc&" oVi3ast until Saturday, January 24tti.HARRY SIMON.M(It)..,- Dccn PILLINGANKir. ri---' , (, ..n M nENGAGEMENT hi nmw"1'Mr. Percy Reed, who for the pastseveral months has been singing atthe Columbia Theatre in this city,is at preselnt filling an engagement mJiichmond. .uGHTEiSTEuBTr0NJemima Johnson Chapter, D. A. R., jwill hold an important meeuusjiL n,rinr5 in the Elks' Building,c nfternoon. at 2 o'clock.Aisfullur-attendance of the membersgently requested.3OURB0N DEALERS SELL 21MULES TO SOUTHERN BUYER.Cavwood & McClintock, of this city,sold Saturday to Mr. G. W. Jordan, ofMacon, Ga twenty-one mules andfour horses, at $200 all around. Theyalso sold two mules to C. A. Thompson at $200 each.DAVIDSON'S TRIAL TOBEGIN JANUARY25.Red Tom Davidson, who was tried3u this city or complicity in the murder of John Abner, in Jackson, willhe placed on trial at Winchester,January 26, for complicity in the murder of Ed. Calahan..COAL! COAL!Five-inch round, $3.50 per load foroo-h nf Trfnrat's coal yard. Phoneorders to Batterton's grocery.6-ltBUYS WILMORE PROPERTY.Dr. French Knox, who recentlysold his property at Shawhan, thiscounty, purchased of Mrs. Frank Arnold, her house and lot in Wilmore,Kv.. navins: $5,000 cash for the property. Dr. Knox took immediate pos- jsession, ana win iaca.Lt; uwic lv. t- 1A. 4-Um fAt Tpractice of his profession.SORGHUM MOLASSES.Genuine Sorghum Molasses, abso-lutely pure and the Dest on the mar-116-lt) , C. P. COOK, jFAYETTECOUNTY MANBUYS EOURBONFARMMr. Arthur Hendricks, of Fayettecounty, purchased of Mr. CharlesLail, of Shawhan, his farm of fortyacres, located on the Mt. Carmelpike, near Shawhan, for ?200 per acre.Mr. Hendricks will take possessionof the property on March 1st.RETIRING SHERIFF SETTLESWITH STATE TREASURER. IA. S. Thompson, who retired yes-terday from the office of Sheriff set-1tied Saturday with the State Treas-urer ior tnu uutes jl duuiuuu uuuu- jty, and received his quietus. The to- jtal amount of taxe& paid into thetreasury by the Bourbon Sheriff was$77,0000.ROLLER WINS FROM JENKINSIN TWO STRAIGHT FALLSDrBF. Roller last night defeatedBilly. Jenkins at the Paris Grand in jtwo straight falls. Jenkins lasted jnineteen minutes in the opening !bout,' while in the second event Roller had hs manon the mat in twenty-two minutes. Throughout the contest Roller outclassed his opponent,MASONS TO HAVE PUBLICINSTALLATION OF OFFICERS jAt 7:30 p. m., Thursday. January 8,at the Christian Church, Paris LodgeNo. 2, P. and A. M., will have installation services. Good musicalprogram and address on "Masonry"by Rev. J. T. Sharrard. Officers willthen be installed by Dr. G. B. Spencer, of Carlisle. The public is cordially invited.PARIS MAN AT HEADOF LOUISVILLE LODGE.The installation of officers of Suburban Lodge No. 740, Free and Accepted Masons, took place In Louisville last night at which Mr. RayMann, son of Mrs. Kate Mann, of thiscity, was installed as WorshipfulMaster of the Falls City lodge. Mr. IMann, who is a prominent attorneyof Louisville,ic nlcn nmmnpnt. inMasonic circles.DR. FRANK PURCHASESFINE 30URBON SADDLEHORSEI UUlllUBl Ul mciiUil tu l- w.v. w .wThVough his brother, Mr. Julian Airy.. avenue, Friday afternoon, inFrank, of this county, Dr. Louis. -honqr. of her guestj"' Miss EstherFrank, of Louisville," purchased of j Bailey, a student at. Kentucky UniCaywood & Hamilton, of North Mid- versity, in Lexington,dletown, the fine five-year-old sad- Messrs. Joseph Davis and Millerdie gelding, "Golden McDonald, byGolden King, first dam by Old RexMcDonald, at a fancy price. Dr.Frank . presnted the horse as aChristmas gift to his personal friendand fellow-physician, Dr. Crele, ofCleveland, O.J,vp.O. F. ENCAMPMENTELECTS NEW OFFICERS."Imperial Encampment, I. O. O. F.,at a recent meeting elected the following officers to serve for the ensuing term:Chief Patriarch Sam'l L. Ewalt.Rich Priest Goonre M. RoseSenior Warden Geo. M. Bedford,Scribe Georcre B. Mmter.. Treasurer It. M. Vanhook.yiDeputy Grand Chief Patriarch A.rL;Slicer will install the officer to--iiE&rrownight.. . 'SOCIAL 10 PERS01L-.Miss Marguerite Douglas is visiting in Lexington. .Mrs. L O. Marshall was a visitor in Lexington, Saturday.Mr. C. B. Bctpn, of this city, wasa visitor in. Winchester Friday.Mr. Chas. E. Butler, Jr., of Carlisle, was a visitor in- Paris yesterday.Mrs.- William Conley, of Carlisle,.was a guest of friends in this city lastweek. .Miss Elise Varden, of this city,is a guest of" Miss Ella Wash, inFrankfortMiss Elizabeth Steele has returned from a visit to Miss Mazie Purcellin Lexington.Mrs. J. T. Williams has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Warren Williamsin Cincinnati.Miss Ophelia Chiles, of Lexington, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.Henry Spears.Mr. Charles M. Griffiin, Y. M. C.A. Secretary, has returned from Atlanta, Georgia.Mrs. W. H. Fisher was a guestof Mrs. Neville Fisher, in Georgetown, last week.Mr. Phil Smith has returned froma visit to his brother, Mr. L. I. Smith,in Pensacola, Fla.. Mr. and. Mrs. W. O. Hinton havereturned from a visit to Mrs. KeithSnyder, in Louisville.Miss Amelia Yerkes was a guestlast week of Miss Lucy Clay Woodford, in Mt. Sterling, "r Miss Corinne Collins was aguest last Week of Mr. and Mrs. W.B. Ratliff, in Carlisle.Miss Agnes Owsley, of Midway,jwas a-guest last week of Miss AnnaEmbry, in tnis city.Miss Elizabeth Steele has returned from a 'Visit to Miss MaziePurnell, in Lexington.Mr. Newsum Keller, of Chicago,is a guest of his parents, Dr. and Mrs.A. II. Keller, in this city.Miss Margaret Ardery was aguest several days last week of theMisses Day, in Winchester.Miss Edna Keller has returnedfrom Ricmond, where she visited relatives during the holidays.Mr. Ben Hayden, of Palmyra,Mo., is a guest ofhis cousins, H. C.and T. C. Whaley, in this city.Misses Martha Martin and BelvaHill have returned from a visit toMiss Irene Jones, in Winchester.Mr. Noah Spears has returnedto his home in Chicage, after a visitto nis mother, Mrs. Henry Spears-Miss Elizabeth Yerkes will returnto Danville to-day to resume herstudies at the College for KentuckyWomen.Mr. S. Oppenheimer, of . Huntin crton. W. Va.. is the enest of hisdaugntcr, Mrs. Chas. S. Goldstein, in jMrs".' Elizabeth Howse has returned to her home m Carlisle, aftera visit to her daughter, Mrs. Rudolph Davis.Mrs. James B. Fizer has returnedto her home in Mt. Sterling after avisit to her sister, Mrs. D. W. Peed,in this city.Mrs. Charlotte Davis has returned to her home in Lexington after a visit to Miss Anna May Davis,in this city.Miss Elizabeth Tobin,, who hasbeen seriously ill at the home of herparents on the Wanchester pike, is! slightly improvedMiss Edith Barlow has returnedto her home in Cynthiana, after avisit to her brother, Mr. Harry Bar-.iow, in 1111s city.Mr. Geo. Lewis Payne, who attended school near Ashland, Ky., istaking his Christmasvacation withBourbon relatives.Mrs. Carl Robbins, who has beena guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. W. Bramblette, in this city, has! returned to her home in Winchester. 1Mrs. T. T. Templin has returnedfrom a visit to her brother, Mr. Jno.Mansfield, who has been very ill athis home near Newtown, Scott county.Mrs. Elsie Burgin, of Nicholas-- ville, has accepted a position as toll. operator in tbe office of the BourbonHome Telephone" Company, inthiscity.Miss Mabel Templin has returned from a visit to her cousin, MissHallie Hunter, in Winchester. MissHunter accompanied her home for avisit.Mr. and Mrs. William KenneyJ Ferguson were guests of Mrs. Ferguson's parents, Mr. and Mrs. ReubenFord Offutt, in Georgetown, severaldays last week.Judge and Mrs. C. E. Booe and Piays. Mr. ana Mrs. iVicuann apMr. and Mrs. Robert Gardiner, ofjP1 uere several years ago inFrankfort, have returned to their I "Pretty Polly Primrose," in whicht homes after a visit to friends and rel -atives in this city.Miss Eleanor Tavis, of Danville,is the guest of Miss Marie Talbott,near this city. Miss Tavis was theguest of honor at a dinner. given byMiss Frances Clay Saturday evening.-Mr. and Mrs. George E. Young,nave'Deen reaming on xueveuuiI Streea,, iiitve muruu. vu cauBi.vu,Mr. Young beingconnected with thej large furniturev Wheeler.store of E. .M.Miss Helen Desha entertained at ....n.kn r.f fflrmAa of 1- Ol ll rTTl O On TVTfr: yard naVe returned to Kentucky Military Institute near Louisville, anawill leave in a- few days for Floridawhere the school is conducted everywinter.Prof. Robert T. Hinton returnedto' Georgetown yesterday, to resumehis duties at Georgetown College,after spending his Christmas vacation here with his ' parents, Mr. andMrs. Wm. M. Hinton.Sunday's Lexington Herald says:"Mrs. Clarence Lebus expects tosail the last of this month for a tripabroad. Miss Kate Alexander, ofParis, who has been her guest forj several days, has returned home.".Messrs. Edwin ana uaiawmI Wools returnedvto Bardstown yester-riav to resume their studies at bt.Joseph's' College, accompanied, bytheir sister, Miss Aime Woods, whowiLT enter scho&l ktT Nazareth. -Academy,Mrs. Belle Horton b-visiting -inMaysville. , 'Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay is inNew York visiting her daughter, Mrs.Frederick A. Wallis.Miss Hazel Cottingham returnedSunday after a visit to relatives inWinchester, Indiana.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon havereturned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.J; W. Behrman, in Newport.Miss Elizabeth Hinton has returned from Memphis, Tenn., whereshe was the guest of Miss June May.Mrs. Curtis L. Brown, of Wheeling, W. Va., is here ror a visit to Mrs.J. B. Wilson, on Mt. Airy Avenue.Mrs. Nellie Highland will entertain this afternoon at euchre, at hercountry home, "Howard Haven."Mr. sand Mrs. W. B. Bell, whohave been guests' of the latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Beheler, inthis city, have returned to their homein Gallipolis, O.Miss Helen Desha entertainedwith four tables of five hundred Friday afternoon at her home on Mt.Airy Avenue. After the games a delicious salad course was served.Mr. Robert Ferguson, of thiscity," attended the session of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, whichwas held at the Phoenix Hotel, inLexington yesterday.Mr. James H. Thompson, Jr., Villleave to-day for Asheville, N. C, toresume his studies in the AshevilleSchool after spending the holidayswith his parents.Messrs. Coleman Renick, G. C.Thompson, John Price and, StanleyDickerson, who have been spendingthe holidays here with relatives, returned to Central University yesterday.CAPT. JOHN O'DAYDIESIN ILLINOIS.Capt. John O'Day, formerly conductor on this division of the Louisville & Nashville railroad, but morerecently yardmaster with the BigFour road, at Danville, Illinois, fromwhich position he resigned to go into the laundry business, died in thatcity, Thursday. Captan O'Day wasforty-six years of age.He is survived by his wife, threechildren and three sisters, the latter, Misses Ellen and MargaretO'Day, and Mrs. Mary Hayes, of Lexington, and a brother, Mr. ThomasO'Day. The children reside in Danville. Capt. O'Day wass well-known here,he having been a popular conductorin charge of the through train toKnoxville.The funeral services were held atSt. Peter's church, in Lexington, Saturday morning at 9 o'clock, Rev. W.T. Piftch officiating. Interment foloiic cemeter-lowed in the family lot in the Cath-PEDESTRIAN PASSES THROUGHENROUTE TO NEW ORLEANSFrank Balkin, a youth' il pedestrian, known as one of the "walkingtwins," passed through Paris Saturday on the six thousand mile walkfrom New York to New Orleans." Balkan is walking on a wager of $3,000offered by the Cleveland AthleticClub, of Clevland, Ohio. Theconditions of the wager are that heearn all money necessary for his expenses on the long jaunt, and is not! throue charitv Hp mnirpq Ma OVnflnv.j lcueivo muni'v rrom nnmn nr! ses by the sale of postcards OnJuly 4, 1913, he left New York and-.has made about 4,800 miles of hisjourney. He spent the day here Sat-j urday coming from Maysville, and leftSaturday aftenoon for Lexington. After Balkan completes his trip to NewOrleans he will make a trip aroundthe world, to comnlete the trin hvUnlv 4 1917FORMER PARIS FAVORITESPLAYING IN LOUISVILLEMr. and Mrs. Jas. Ray McCann. theformer a native of Paris, and both of1 whom have become famous in thetheatrical world, arenuing an en-)gagement this week at the NationalTheatre, in Louisville this week.1They are appearing in a comedy playlet entitled "My DLxie Dad," and theLouisville papers give them verycomplimentary notices. Mr. McCannwon fame years ago in characterparts in William J. Scanlan's company, and later scored a great success as "Maverick Brander," inCharles lloyt's comedy success, "ATexas Steer," and other legitimate1 Lney maae a aeciaea nit, ana sincethen they have made frequent visits to Paris. Mr. McCann is anuncle of Miss Jessie Brown, of Paris,and is well known to most of purcitizens.DAY'S ADMINISTRATORSUES FOR $10,000.1At Maysville, Saturday, CharlesNorth, administrator of the estate ofH. T. Day, filed suit in the MasonCircuit Court against Mayor J. Wesley Lee for $10,000, damages for thedeath of Day, who died as a result offalling down an elevator shaft atLee's place of business from the rearin an endeavor to gaiiTentrance to thestore, when he fell about eight feetdown the shaft.COUNTY COURT DAY ISDULLEST IN MANY MONTHS.Yesterday was January courtday. but there, was nothing to indicate the fact other than that- thereVCre a few more people in town thanusual. Business in all branches wasstagnated arid little stock was on themarket.-At the pens of M. J. Murphy &Co. there were about 25 head of lghtcattle, the property of Jonas Weil,who sold the lot to 3ruce Fishbackat 36 per heId.It has been demonstrated that overgrazed stock ranges oh the Nationalforests can be brought back to useunder a system. of regulated grazingfaster than if .they are left unused.his Stomach troubles overMr! -Dyspeptic, would, you not Jiketo feel that vyour stomach 'troubleswere over, that you, could eat anykind of food you" desired without injury? .That may seem so unlikely toyou that you do not even hope for anending of your trouble, but permit usto assure, you that it is not altogetherimpossible. "If others can be curedpermanently, and thousands havebeen, why not you? John R. .Baker,of Battle Creek, Mich., is one of themHe says: "I was troubled with heartburn,, indigestion, and liver complaint until I used Chamberlain's Tablets; then my trouble was over."Sold by all dealers. (adv)(Jan) iSledding timeis hereThe healthy winter sportof sledding gives vim, vigorand rich red blood to boy or girl.But to fully enjoy the fun ofwhizzing over the snow and thethrill of coasting you must have aThe only sled with grooved runners tWe have a complete line ox new 1913models. Before you buy a sled let usshow you the many superior advantages of the Flsxible Flyzr.LOOK torthisI m rDaughertyBros.rfn-:,L-V-5.-'Mfv J'.. T ;e?Dear Sir-fcv'-,'Jk.' "-. t 2 - i.ts::r ctris t u.K.V-w....'-?'?-''."r--s .5I)Wood Mantelsft1.Pap3 AriSRVwclRSKf:r-KyV tmmEiT S.( TRADE' j Hmark ; BJm a3TII Wist To ThankMy many friends and patronsfor their liberal patronage thepast year our banner yearthe largest business in our existance of 55 years.May the New Year bring youhappiness and prosperity.W. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only ExclusiveJDry Goods Store.We Keep theWe self what is good, and ask you tobuy our shoes because they are good.It isn't price that sells our shoes, forshoes can be made to sell at any price.Goodness, Merit, Worth andValue That Sell Them.The same applies to our Children's Shoes.Children are hard on shoes, but most ofthe trouble lies in poor shoes and poorshoe making. Our shoes are good, andare made by the best of shoe makers.Give us a calf and be convinced.I I It'sI - .Geo. Mc Williams,phtPhones 301BL JL MMi-.J--U. S: BEDDING COMPANY"Lfghts the Way's '-.cTVIanufacturers Springs, Mattresses, Gots, Couches andPillows. -; Lfemprri'sy'Tehn'.-Hinton., - . 'Paxils,; Ky. "myj.--'i& '&.You are the only 'agen't authorizedin Paris, Ky., to sell SBNUINE Fairy Felt "mattresses. We, know of no other person -o-r-dealer who' could have the Fairy. Felt, as weh&ve not sh-i-pped any of -these goods to, -"t, -- "U A n , ,.,,.-l-P-o.ii yu ne- uc&iacs yuui.ccxx.Yours rery truly,U. S. BEDDING . CO'm taS&,-S-AVESHIMT0MYOU MONEYUndertaking;jPii.Quality Up IThe Shoe ManBfciJL-Vr-&1 .'AVfArhbtikuiceONtA-.'iWy ':J. - - --!-. . if-, . .';i :- ' t---teI tttlliiiw'irawiy ypwwwtHE BQUktfON. NEWS PARIS, , KV ..,. J ANUARY 6,01941-i '.-- j-, ji ,," fc- a ,u ;? iit&ZiItJfc) .HafflromnmwwBJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!PRODUCTION OF FATn&mStUK .?SC5rmrrrTRE J9B R00ffiS OFTHEBRB0NNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS.jLETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.--&Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork,Qur type is new and modernfaces. " -5-i.w-Cfte Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for$2.00. '. Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.mMUMMMSSLAMBSFlock Masters Are not Slow In Finding Out What Breed SuitsTheir Soil and Climate.(By R. G. WEATHERSTONE.)The Shropshire is much in favor asa sire for fat lamb production ofWelsh or Kerry Hill ewes, and theRyeland also claims Qualities of nomean order in this respect.Inhere a flock is kept 'solely for thefat lamb trade, and he ewes arecleared out every -year as soon as theiJambs are off, then the Welsh, Kerryor Chevoit Is generally in favorcrossed with a Shropshire, Ryeland orWer'ern ram. The latter are muchused and their lambs feed veryquickly and are of fine quality.Flock masters, as a rule, are notlong in finding out what breed suitstheir soil and climate best, and insheep breeding both are very important factors, and therefore on cold,heavy land quality must be to someextent sacrificed to size.Small-natured, fine-boned sheep willnot thrive when folded on sticky landwhen a big weight of dirt is hangingColdsshould be "nipped in thbud", for if allowed to rununchecked, serious resultsmay follow. Numerouscases of consumption, pneumonia, and other fatal diseases, can be traced back toa cold. At the first sign of acold, protect yourself bythoroughly cleansing yoursystem with a few doses ofthe old reliable, Tegetable'iver powder.Mr. Chas. A. Ragland, oMadison Heights, Va., says:"I have been using Thed-ford's Black-Draught forstomach troubles, indigestion, and colds, and find it tobe the very best medicine 1ever used. It makes an oldman feet like a young one."Insist on Thedford's, theoriginal and genuine. E-67Type Found on Average Farm.SOUTH MUST BE CHIEFBEEF SUPPLY SOURCEThe declaration that "the Southfor a long period is to be the country's principal source of cheap beef"is made in a statement submitted tothe House Committee on Agricultureby George M. Rommel, chief of theAnimal Husbandry Division of theDepartment of Agriculture. "NoNorther n farmer, or any other farmer," added Mr. Rommel, "can raisebeef less than 5 cents a pound, butwe have been and are now doing thatin Alabama. If the Northern feederis raising beef right on the farm heto each foot in damp weather, pro- must get more than 5 cents a pound.ductive of more muscle than mutton, K be is fattening it is an open ques-Speciai Rates fr Excursions.Round trip Winter Tourists to allprincipal winter resorts in Alabama,Florida; Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina and Havana,Cuba, o& sale daily Oct 1, 1913, untilApril 39, 1914, with final limit May 31,1914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas and New Mexico, on saledaily Not. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914,with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberalstopovers allowed t on aft winter tourist tickets. Also low round tripHomeseekers' tickets to points in Arizona, Arkansas, Louisiana, Missouri,New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Colorado,Kansas, Montana, Nevada North Dakota, South Dakota and Clifornia onsale first and third Tuesdays of eachmonth, final limit 25 days from dateof sale, stopovers allowed in Homeseekers' territory. For further information, call no or address,W. H. HARRIS, AgentT. K. SMITH, T. A.Here Is the Hofh .?VvVmm: - :?- ;& z. fhWM.; -3SSWMi RSSbORwgkGLgjtiS-fl,fy r'ErS ."- -;&Wsgs-.a'Lexingtom, Ky.,BOURBON REMEDY CO &Emckwed find photo of hog tWt mcured ( cholera with your BoiMfe.Hog Cholera Remedy. This hot,almost dead before using the m&JMkeand then was entirely cured, Mtloss of ears, tail, etc. Tke fcg Isowned by Mr. Skiles Ewing, f Bawling Green, Ky. He will be gl4 togive you a testimonial, and we caa getseveral more if you want them.JENKINS-STJBLETT DRUG pQ.,Bowling Graea, KyAtk Your Druggist for It.FOR 8ALE BY W. T. BROOKS.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Inter urban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a sa8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m5:20 p m3:30 p m '' 4:20 p m5:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p mDaily except Sunday.Leave Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:45 p m8:15 p m10:05 p mand, therefore, a stronger, bolder, andmore muscular sheep is necessary;and it is on that account that crossingsome of our larger breeds is so muchin favor, as it tends to produce sheeppossessing those characteristicscoupled with good constitutions.And although beauty of form has tobe sacrificed yet in the weight of mutton and wool obtained, together witha small percentage of mortality, it ismore than compensated for, and forcold, sticky land, the Oxford and Hampshire cross seems to take the lead.On light land, or any really good! sheep land, people can do as they' ilease, and on sheep land most breeds' will thrive, either kept pure or otherwise; but sneep are now kept on landwhere in days gone by such a thingwould not be dreamed of, and it is onthat kind of land that cross-bred sheepare sure to thrive better than anyother.All the crosses above named aregood in their way, but the surrounding circumstances and the chief objectto be aimed at, whether fat lamb, mutton, or wool, or all combined, must bethe factors In deciding which is best.MOLASSES GOOD HORSE FEEDtion how much it is going to cost.Feeding is more or less speculative.A Northern feeder expects his profits to come not from the addedweight directly, 'but from the increase in the value of the originalweight of his cattle."ABRAM RENICK TO ADDRESSSHORTHORN BREEDERS.BUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop.Three Expert Artists; NoWaits.Hot and ColdBaths.Main -t - Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.No natter whether the thermometer--i registers 103 above or 25 below aero,Amalgamated Arc Roofing-can't be affecrcd a particle.No matter tho curves or valleys ofyour roof yen ncd no tin to coverthem, for Ar-alartecl ARC ROOFIN&is very pi;ab!o. It is the Perfect JRoofyg,and ihe'irci'irnce nt is no higher tkaiiwhen slata cr r..tcl is used."We nthTi'. c r ont'j to rvfan3 the jnone$jf our Koofl- 13 Lot ,o u,Ly satisfactory.ASIALGrATEE' SOOITNG CO.SoSd by Miilersburg Coal amiLum bre Co.,Miilersburg, Ky.Professional CardsAbram Renick, formerly of Winchester, now general manager of the,American snortnorn .tsreeaers Association, Union Stock Yard3F Chica- jso. will make the nrincinal addressat the annual meeting af the Indiana Modern Equipment.naouuiauuuy j.ix :Polite Service,Sew BarbershopWindsor Hotel.Shorthorn BreedersA orrSnnlHirol Wall' "Pin?no TTnivarstfty, Wednesday evening, January 14. jAt the same hour the annual meetings of the Angus and Hereford Associations will beheld, each addressed by persons prominent in thebreeding industry of the State.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDDr. Wm. Keniiey,PABIS, KENTUCKY.Qffiee 514 Main Street.Office Phones olel.E. T. 334.Home 334.Residence;. A. B KELIiEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Booms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentuckyJ. WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW .Room 1 Elks Building.Product of More Value as Laxative andAppetizer Than as Fooo Valuaable as Conditioner.Molasses in horse feeding is valuable in two ways: It is a laxativewhen horses are being fed wholly ondry feed. Molasses will make unpalatable food much relished, saysFarmers' Digest. Every farmer realizes that he may have some very finehay lining in the swatk, or even get alight wetting from a shower whenraked up in "the windrow.This hay contains just the same nutrition and digestibility as it did before the slight wetting, yet the horsewill not relish it as he wllL the samehay that was put in the barn beforeit got wet. It simply is not as palatable. Now if a gill of molasses ismixed with about a pint of water anda feed of this hay is dampened withit the horse will eat it even betterthan he will the same hay put in thebarn before getting wet.The feeding of molasses is of morevalue as a laxative and appetizer thanas a feed in horse feeding. It canbe fed either on the roughside or usedto sprinkle on either grain or meal.Horses will also eat It if stirred inmeal or whole grain, but it usually issticky in their mouths if not- mixedwith water.Molasses is also fed in larger quantities than mentioned when horses arebeing fattened for market and are ill,but I don't advise this kind of practice, as it makes a soft fat and thehorse, when put to work, soon loseshis flesh, but in a limited way, alongthe lines mentioned, it is a valuablehorse conditioner, as a lot of horsesbecome constipated on wholly dryfood.tIIWhen Your Blood is RightYour Whole System is Rightif You Have any Blood or Skin Diseases DO NOT DELAYUntil it is too late, but orderxtTO-DAY!atAdvantageous Houses.Movable hog houses make it possible to distribute the hogs over thefarm in clean, fresh quarters, therebyutilizing grass and forage crops to thehighest degree and at the same timereducing the danger of disease to aminimum. vIxxX!xThe lot ipnigs RemedyA Complete and Positive Remedy TorrSYPHILIS, ECZEMA, ERYSIPELAS,ACNE, MALARIA, RHEUMATISMand all other forms of Blood and Skin Diseases.Hot Springs .Physicians pronounce this the Greatest Blood and Skin Remedy ever placedon the Market.Full Course Treatment Six Bottles, $18.00.Single Bottle, $5.QO.We Prepare a Remedy For Every Disease.Our Treatment of Female Ills is the Greatest of itsKind Ever Offered to Suffering Women.Write us your troubles. All correspondence strictly confidential.xxrHot Springs Medical Company803 1-2 Central Avenue, Hot Springs, Ark.xXXX X4rif8ifW,LSjr v,i4. 't.3r"-5tt- ' $''V-1 iVflWl.Ttinxfrarol rr;cKtr jawuk i o; i,- V ,4KFMlV11IIONT DREADim Mjt ''" 'TtOt " JTVj9 CmTKM ftFTO ENLARGE THE PHOENIX.At Lexington at a meeting of thei Phoenix Hotel Company it was decided to raise the new part of thepresent hotel building all to eightstories, which will give the hoteleighty additional rooms, and involvean expenditure, including the furnishings, of about $100,000. The plansare for six additional stories.Prepare toenjoy its exhilarating frosts bymaking y our blood rich,pure and active to prevent colds, grippeand rheumatism.Good blood prevents sicknessand Scott's Emulsion-will energizeyour blood and create reservestrength to endure changingseasons.Scott's Emulsion is not anexperiment but has served humanityfaithfully for forty years; it containsthe purest cod liver oil free fromalcohol or stupefying drugs.Scott's Emulsion is nature'greatest blood-maker and furnishesthe elements necessary for body-warmth, rich blood and healthycirculation.Sfmn alcohoBc substitutes and demandthe genuine Scott's EmulsionAT ANY DRUG STORE 13-73WHISKY IN BOND VALUEDAT $12.00 A 3ARREL.PUBLICSALEThe assessment of $12 a barrel onwhisky in bond in this State for 1913was fixed . Saturday by the StateBoard of Valuation and Assessment.The assessment remains as last year.EDELEN ADVISES STATE BANKSTO AVOID NEW FEDERAL PLAN.In a lencthy statement AttorneyT.Li. Edelen, advises State banks to fightshy of .the Federal Reserve Bank,because he thinks the State bankswould not get any benefit from investing their capital in the FederalReserve Banks.There's no fool like the old fool.The older they get the more flourthey use on their faces.FARMERS'-UNION DISCUSSESf THE EGG SHORTAGEA GROCER'S, AD. TALK.Editor's Note. The following is adiscussion of the present egg shortage and the poultry situation in general, with statisics relating to ourState. ' .Masters' SaleOF.We, the undersigned, will offer atpublic sale theLIVE STOCK AND FARMING IMPLEMENTS BELONGING TO THEESTATE OF THE LATE C M.CLAY,LA N D!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTEmma Miller Clay, &c. - PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sale.Horace Miller Clay, &c, - DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the above styled action, the undersigned Master Commissioner willsell at publip auction to the highestand best bidder at the Court House1 door in the City of Paris, Ky., atI a. 11.. TA..M .b 11 a'aIaaT r v fY-, -Mc Tota TocirlnnPA "Anvprsrnft" or. aDOUt UXC UUlU ui ax u wuun. a.. w.t uuat uiu ubv .itJiuMwvi ... w.QMvythe Winchester pike in Bourbon coun--y, Ky., onWednesday, Jan. 21, 1914,jeginning with the implements at 9o'clock a. in.155 head of 1,000 pound feedingattle;15 extra fine black yearling cattle;14 black cows and calves;1 black bull;500 ewes bred to lamb in February;160 shoats, average 120 pounds;22 work mules;11 horses;3,000 bushels 1913 crop Bluegrassfceed;60 tons baled hay;Lot of baled straw;Lot of corn in shock;35 acres ensilage, with privilege ofAarn and feed lot;13 Bluegrass strippers;1 Blizzard blower;Water tank and pump;Hay rake;SATURDAY, JAN. 10th, 1914,the following described property:SiScrapers;Mowers;Drills;Cultivator;Binders;Disc Harrows;Corn Planters;Plows;Motor car;Buggies;Farm wagons;3arts;"ew carriage';Spring wagon;Wheat fan;ear;harness;And farming implements of allTrtfids.TERMS:All purchases under $50.00, cash;4&6.00 and over, notes with approvedsecurity, due in ninety days, withoutV.teresL No purchases to be movediam premises without cash or aplived note.W. R. SHACKLEFORD,T. J. CURTIS,Executors C. M. Clay.?i'dec-6-13-20 janCmtis&OverbySusinessIMen's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert Barbers' Polite AttentionHot and CoW Baths at AV HoursNo Long Waits.AShare of the Public Palronage Solicited."Beginning at a stone corner tosaid Clay in the northern margin ofthe right-of-way of the Frankfort &Cincinnati Railroad, and runningtherefrom N 87 W 16.65 chains withsaid railroad to a stone cornerto. W. R. Scott; thence withhis line N 3 E 49.94 chains to themiddle of said turnpike; thence Nmiddle of said turnpike; thene N86?A E 6.36 chains to the middle ofsame; thence S 87 E 3.63 chains tothe middle of same; thence S 81 E6.74 chains to the middle of same, acorner to said Clay; thence with hisline S 3 W 50.00 chains to the beginning, containing eighty-four (84)acres."Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money,purchaser being required to executebond for equal installments of thepurchase price with good surety there-Commissioner, payable to said Comm)ccinnar anrf hfvarine: interest at therate of 6 per cent, per annum fromdate of sale until paia, ana to remaina liem on the property sold until fullypaid and to have the force and effectof a judgment.G. A. MCMILLAN,Master Commissioner Bourboa CircuitCourt.(Dec26-jan219)The recent high price of eggs hascaused the Farmers' Union to conductan investigation into the poultry conditions of the Nation, and Peter Radford, lecturer of the National FarmUnion gave out the following statement concerning the conditions inthis State:"We market sixty-five per cent ofour egg crop in April, May and June,although the consumption of eggsruns very nearly even throughoutthe entire year. The American farmer to-day is paying the middlemanthe princely sum of $238,600,000 perannum for storing and selling hiseggs. This sum of money wouldbuild and equip sufficient storage tocare for the agricultural productionof the Nation. The value of the Nation's egg production during a decadeis equivalent in value to all the farmproperty in Texas; would build acity the size of St. Louis and wouldpay the National debt of Spain, Japan and the United States combined. FAULTY DISTRIBUTION.The poultry yard census of continental United States taken by theFederal government, shows that thefarmers of this country gather approximately 1,591,311,000 dozen eggsper annum, which sell at a farm priceof $306,688,960, and a retail price of$545,289,000.These eggs, accordng to the marketreports, are marketed about as follows, the figures indicating the number of dozens:January, 47,739,000; February, 63,652,000; March, 65,000,000; April,302,349,000; May, 318,262,000; June,270,432,000; July, 79,565,000; August,143,218,000; September, 111,311,000;October, 79,565,000; November, 47,739,000; December, 64,152,000.The average farm price of eggs perannum is known to be 20 cents perdozen and the average retail price 35cents per dozen. The highest retailquotaton at any time and place during the year was 75 cents and thelowest price was 20 cents per dozen.THE KENTUCKY HEN.The latest census reports showthat there are 8,764,204 fowls in thisState and about three-fourths ofthem are egg producers. The annual production is 44,313,377 dozeneggs, with a farm value of $7,605,116.The yearly poultry production is19,247,787 fowls, valued at $6,937,-008.In Youngstown, O., lives a grocer apersonality. He is an advertisinggrocer, who writes his own advertisements; and some of them are unique,lere is a recent one:Some of you people give me a painibout the bigh cost of living. Youlon't know any more about it thanmy kid, 9 months old. All she knows?s to throw my watch on the floor,null my hair, coax me for pennies tobuy candy. I have the most up-to-latepoultry farm in the country. IMve the best laying strain of hens inlhe country. I employ the best menthat money can hire. It costs menearly $2 a dozen to produce fresheggs at the present time. T chargeyou about one-fourth of the amount,vet you say I am robbing you. I'mselling you strictly fancy Floridaoranges at 15c and 20c. a dozen. Thepoor farmer that raised them, afterpaying for the picking and packing,gets about 10 cents a box. Therailroad company gets the balance.You rush over to the opera house,Day $2 for a seat, to see some chickens and old hens show their legs andshapes. That is all right. You rush Idown to the millinery store, payabout $20 for a hat, the first cost ofwhich is about $3; that's all right;vou get a swell hat. You pay $50for a chiffon dress; nothing to it; Ican put-it into my overcoat pocket,but it's the style; it's all right.But when it comes to something toeat you have a fit. Take my advicetake care of your stomach.POULTRY NOTE.. "As as a general rule, the male hasthe prepotency much, stronger thanthe female sesL It is well to remember this at breeding time.The agricultural Experiment Station of South Carolina has found anew feature about capons. It wasdiscovered that they would often hover young chickens and would "Mother" them as well as an old hen.The correct age to caponize a cockerel iB just before he begins to develop sexually. He must, though, bein good condition and he should bekept fasting for from twenty-four tothirty-six hours before the operation.BLUE SKY LAWTo Be Introduced in the KentuckyLegislature.THE JANUARY WOMAN'SHOME COMPANION.A "blue-sky law," patterned afterthe Kansas law, controling themethod of selling stocks, bonds andsecurities, will be introduced at theincoming Legislature by Representative Elwood Hamilton, of Frankfort.The bill exempts national and Statebanks and building associations.All dealers in stocks and bonds arerequired to take out a liense withthe State Bank Examiner, and heavypenalties, fines of from $1,000 to $5,000 and imprisonment in the penitentiary, are provided for promotors ofbogus mining stocks, exploiters of insurance companies where too largecommission is taken out for the saleof the stock, and, besides, the agentsselling the stock are liable in a suitfor the recovery of tne principal andinterest.Real estate agents selling real estate outside the State must file anabstract of the title to the propertyto be sold with the County Clerk orthey will be guilty of violating thelaw.A Plymouth cockerel ought toweigh from five to six pounds on footat nine months of age; but thiB samebird would probably weigh from tento twelve pounds at that age if hehad been properly caponized and thencared for. The cockerel would bringsay, 15 cents a pound. If so, thecapon would bring at least 30 centsa pound. Figure that up. The capon's feed is of the same nature asthat for the cockerel, but he beingquieter, consumes less in proportionto his weight than does the cockerel.I MM-them- The soaring pilot forof all kimd ar-Tekfa jions aall for fowls art. tsirV s L -4iOUR WEEKLY NOVELETTE;!Spelgel Speigel's Matter Strata.On the afternoon of May 17, :t5fPrussia faced' a crucial moaett imher history: Bui half an bow jmained in which to decide waottncthe Government was to own tie graat:Sangesheim Canal or let it g Mthe hands of unscrupulous. iriiHcians. (See Allesanuro Spick's Ttasrand Outs of the Sangesheim 'Camh")iEverything was up to th ffltBismarck, ' master statdliaam. 5,Tvhim the Prussian people looked -tor-savetheir property from, the- ajwteking fingers of Speige 1 SpeSl amhis gang.But for the first time in ate, -ilia-triouscareer Bismarck was at, adecided disadvantage.The negotiations were taking placon board the Spegiel Speigel'a yaakt,the Gretchen Umatemterdammeraag;and Bismarck was distressinglykick, inul ior Douimg naa ne vee.given a room over the engines, 'aminot for nothing had the engineer ,paid a extra thousand marks. Aatlthe worst was yet to come, for &pei-tgel Speigel was deep (See GuslarsSmierkase's "Some Deep German!Politicians.")IIThe council was on. Poor Bismarck sat holding his swimmimgrbead in one hand and trying to talk:with the other. Even in his weakened state he was proving toomuwktfor the enemies of the people, so tmrcrafty Speigel Speigel played mismaster stroke. He pressed the button. A butler entered the chamber."Have a pork pie, sir?" he saia torBismarck deferentially. " .Bismarck grasped the edge otcouncil table."Was fur sprecht er im Bnglisk?'he gasped."The employment agency was allout of German but:ers, so I had t"Why is the flesh of the capon offiner quality and greater weight thanthat of any other chicken? Simplybecause the capon puts into development of flesh and bone all the energyand vitality that the other chickensput into breeding and fighting.Moral: Plan to caponize all yoursurplus cockerels this coming spring.Keep records, keep records, keeprecords! How can you know whereyou "are at" if you do not keep records? How would a merchant seemto you if you knew he simply tookmoney out of the till for goods andput money into the till when theeoods were sold, and never knew orinquired whether he was making or j take an English one," explained thelosinc? If he were to complain thatthere was no money in merchandising, you would probably smile a wansmile at him, but make no attempt toget anything into his skull.diabolical Speigel."Pork pie, sir?" repeated the but?ler (whose real name was Baumgartner), insinuatingly."Nein! Nein!" roared the harassed statesman."Nine, sir? Yes, sir", said the butler, and withdrew swiftly.MISGUIDED ECONO.MY.WANTED.Traveler, for 1914, a beginner, salary, commission and expense money.Liberal offer and agreement. J. E.McBrady Chicago, 111.For Sale.One of the most interesting contributions to the January Woman'sHome Companion is an article byRalph Waldo Trine, entitled "Actualizing One's ldeals"in which the author makes many helpful suggestionswhich the individual reader can apply in the conduct of his own life.He shows, and shows admirably, howany human being can acquire happiness through work. It is all rightto have ideals, but true success andcontentment are not achieved unlessaction accompanies ideals.Other notable articles in the January Companion are: "Finding Happiness in Winter's Garden," by FrankA. Waugh; "The Coming of the Kewpies," by Rose O'Neill; "The World'sGreatest Paintings," by Laura Spencer Porter; and "The Importance ofGoo J Health," by Dr. Josephine Baker. Dr Baker's article appears inthe "Department for Better Babies."Fiction isf contributed by MargaretDeland, Mary- Heaton Vorse, MaryHastings Bradley, Molly Elliott Sewell, 'Juliet Wilbor Tompkins and ZonaGale.Unusual provision is made for the j Journal.enjoyment of children by means ofthe following contributions: "FlyingKew-ues for the Christmas Tree"I and "Thp. Kp.wnifiK and Shnfn fJlann "by Rose O'Neill, creator of the Kewpies: "The Adventures of Jack andBetty," by Clara Andrews Williamsand George Alfred Williams; "Christmas Day With the Little Jenkses,"by Fanny Y. Cory and Claire WallaceFlynn.The regular cooking,How many chickens have you?What did they cost you to buy orbring into being? What does it cost He returned in a moment and sattur iut:ir uyaccy; mcn. nuiuu i,m,j , i -- -and their products sell for? li youhave consumed them on the familytable, do you know how much theyhave saved you in food stuff? Thatis one set of records to keep.Some of the Kentucky countieswhich have purchased farms for themaintenance of their poor, are talking about selling them and goingback to the old system of letting outthe paupers to the lowest bidder.This is a step backward. A countypoor farm properly managed oughtnot to show a continuous deficit.There are some instances where suchfarms are more than self-supporting.The system of letting out paupers tothe lowest bidder is bad, "and the planof making yearly allowances for themaintenance of paupers is unbusinesslike. Every county should have analmshouse, preferably connectftd witha farm which can be so operated asto reduce expenses. The wards of acounty are entitled to decent treatment and support, and ths they seldom get unless there is a properly-equipped almshouse. There is a toogeneral disposition to handle thisquestion from a standpoint of economy rather than of efficiency and common humanity. Economy that smacksof stinginess and inhumanity is notto be commended. Frankfort StateA good set of records relates toyour stock. If you have more thanone breed, keep the record of eachI breed separate. Only so can youknow which one is most satisfactoryfor your environment. Keep a record of individual birds, so that youmay know which hen or pullet laysthe most and best eggs. Keep a record of your males, so as to matethem intelligently. Keep records ofthe mating. Only so can you judgewhat to do another season.taining nine steaming pork pies, andthe outmarshaled Bismarck fainteUdead away, the people of Prussia losing forever Sangesheim Canal.THE END.The old-fashioned woman who used,to wear red flannel underwear toward off rheumatism, now has adaughter who dodges it by wearing"a heavy coat of talcum powder aada smile.CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDY1913 Yale Motocysle, (twin) withtaudeni, headlight and Prest-o-LiteTunk- In A-l condition. At a bargain! if sold at once. Apply to Lowry, carelamo Theatre. (o-dt)NEWEST COMET ISDRAWING NEAR.Here is an idea for the KentuckyState Fair directors for 1914. It issuggested by the Cleveland Fanciers'Club, which, by the way, has done agreat deaT for the poultry interestsin Ohio. This club believes that theannual show has not done all it canwhen it has only made an exhibitionof birds and put blue ribbons on thebest. They know that this goes pretty far, but not half far enough, sothey are planning to bring poultry experts from the various State Universities to lecture on the differentphases of the poultry industry, and tomake demonstrations of how to prepare birds for market. These lectures will treat of housing, feeding,raising and care of chickens, turkeys,ducks and geese and they will discussknotted problems with amateurs. Arrangements have been made for continuous moving pictures of the poultry industry. Entries are amountingup to some 3,000 already.This remedy has no superior forcoughs and colds. It is pleasant ttake. It contains no opium or othernarcotic. For sale by all dealers.(Jan) (adv)Natl 5 a 10c Store 1Delavans' comet, the latest stranger in the sky to come within therange of the telescopes of expertstar-gazers, may be visable to thenaked eye soon. The faintly illuminated, be-tailed onject, apparentlyis drawing nearer the earth, althoughhousekeep- up to Thursday night it was not toing and fashion departments are dp seen by a less powerful glasscrowded with interesting, practical t than a five-inch finder of the greatWe tkak Ike publicor a womderful bmiess done in oir storeideas and entertaining reading.MHNHNOHtNNHHMW8 1! Vogue I.ClothesNICHOLAS COUNTY MANGETS A GREAT POSITION.FOR5 Young Centlemen8 A Special Feature with us.J , CANCER CUREDI guarantee every case 1 un-trence, any citizen of Paris. JDR. WM. R. SMITH, in Paris, Ky.S Suits andS Overcoats8 $18.00 to$20.00King Quality Shoes Fori Men and BoysMr. T. W. Campbell, son of Mr. andMrs. A. B. Campbell, of Carlisle, andan ex-Nicholas County boy, sailed thisweek from New York, to Europe,where he will represent the BritishAmerican Tobacco Company at one ofits large plants on the continent. Mr.Campbell will visit several of theBritish-American company's largeplants before returning to Lexingtonand will study the European methodof handling tobacco.From Europe he will go to Calcutta and will take charge of thecompany's plant. He will be in Indiathree years, according to the contractagreement. Mr. Campbell was selected out of twenty-three applicantsto fill the position.telescope at the Naval Observatory.Scientists are keenly interested inthe coniet which was discovered" byPaul T. Delavan of the ArgantineNaal Observatory at La Plata. Itwas first observed in this counlrj' byProf. Asaphall, U. S. N., at the NavalObservatory oh Thursday night, December 12, and observations were taken again Thursday night. Reportsalso have been received of observations in Europe.BILL TO CHANGE LAVAS TO TEXT BOOKS.Text boqk bills have ever been thesignal for a scrap in the KentuckyGeneral Assmebly, and the one whichwill be introduced at this year's session prbbably will be no exception.Since 1900 the State adoption hasbeen in vogue, the county boards voting and the action of a majority otthem settling the question of textDEFECT IN BASE 1 oooks in au tne rural scnoois oi tneOF THE GOEBEL STATUE ' State. The law has been amended,! providing for county adoption, but itAccording to an authority, W. H.E. Price, of Illinois, the value of thetotal output of egggs of the hens inthe United States for this year, 1913,will undoubtedly be represented by$1,000,000, while the broken, and sowasted, eggs would nave brought inaddition $75,000.Why is it that more men fail injthe poultry business than in any other? We suspect it is because moremen rush recklessly into the poultrybusiness than into any other. Peoplego into it with almost no capital, almost no experience, no previous preparation and very little business ability. Men seem to regard it as a get-rich-quickscheme, which it certainlyis not. There is good money in it,but it calls for skill, patience, judgment and an investment of bothbrains and capital.The Buff Orpington duck originatedtin England about eighteen years ago,heavy' iaylng Rouens, Aylesburys,Cayugs and Indian Runners. BuffOrpingtons are hardy, stand confinement and are fine layers.m 1913. astfevery oe a HappyNew Year.INATIONAL5c and 10cStoreOct 3 tiHips a FlannagenDoyle BuildingOct 3 tfOn account of a defect in the baseof the statue of the late GovernorWilliam Goebel, at Frankfort, theCommissioners of the Sinking Fundhave refused to pay the $10,000 balance due on the contract. The statue was erected by W. H. Niehaus, ofNew York, and has been placed inthe driveway in tront of the StateCapitol. The 1904 Legslature appropriated $20,000 for the statue and$10,000 of this has been paid. Thedefect, a large crack on two sides orthe base, is ' very noticeable. An effort has been made to conceal the defect by Ailing the crack, but the coldweather has caused it to become jnorenoticeable.When $25,000 worth of stock is soldat a poultry show, as occurred at thePittsburg exhibition a year or soago,it seems worth while to send birds onfor show purposes.It is wonderful what the wise andskillful breeder can do with birds.has never been put to practice asthe last State contract does not exDireuntil this year. A bill will be intro- j He can breed a Rose Comb into aduced to change back to the old State Single Comb; white legs into yellowchangeadoption system with some modifications, and school men as well as bookconcerns are showing active interestin the situation.HIS NEW YEAR DINNERSENT BY PARCEL POST.Wonder what ever. become of theold tad who used to pour liis coffeeinto his saucer, whirl it around, blowpuddles in it and then strain itthaouUh his mustache in big gulps?Henderson's hotel chefs and starboarding-house cooks were indignant Thursday night when theylearned that G. D. Elmore, a wellknown .merchant, had ordered hisNew Year dinner via parcel postfrom Louisville. A Louisville hotellegp; long bodied birds into a blockyshape, and may make the tenderousrace into a hardy breed. He canmanipulate life and convert it intomany forms; but he cannot createlife. He can only manipulate whatthe Creature has furnished him.hSIkvSBSpBIISm ?" -' A ' 1ed it in an air-tight box and withthe assistance of postal service enabled Elmore to enjoy a happy NewI Year. No," the gravy was not spilled!It is told that New York and Boston now receive about a million casesof eggs, or approximately fifteen million dozen, each month. And it is reported that in September there wereonly three million cases in storage inthe larger cities of this country tothe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothine is more innxHtatit in thshome than clear, steady light. Jnsurthis i by Retting the oil that burnsclear ami clean -without a flickerdown to the lat drop. Pennsylvaniai crude oil reflned to Perfection. 'Costs no more than the interiortnnkwason oils saves MONEY savesWORK avea eyes.Your dealer has 90L1TE OIL ibarrels direct from our -works.W Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.prepared the .meal, carefully arrang-1 meet the demands of winter consumptlon. The upshot of this will be thatwe will have to have some winterlavers or import an immense num-Iber of 'dozens "of eggs -or do withoutILexington, Ky.-ReiRery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto OIL.1-S&.. -i. ' ' i.LlwWf'- ..w-" .m mt -sir.., v ,wli ;,'T 5--'kT- - ' , "" &s -' S v , &&" " ttrv., tiX ij-iV"ATHE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KENTUCKY, JANUARY 6; 19T 4.'if- it ,m.ii.iii i ,')'" Mi-f-fn"wli)'yTHmft'rti-li 'iriiix !...XfiNEWS OF MILLERSBURG, :Mrs. W. R. Barnes and Miss MaryhJanklin each entertained a rookparty Friday night.Col. C. M. Best has returnedrafter spending the Christmas holidays with his mother at Woodstock,"V'a.Mr, and Mrs. J. B. Cray haveraoTed to rooms in the Best flat, lately vcated'5iby Mr. J. T. Judy and family. -Kere was a sunrise prayermeeting at the Presbyterian churchNew Years' morning, which waswell attended.Mr. A. Smedley, Misses LouiseItfy&TJ, and Martha Smith spent theIew Year holidays with Miss Barbazra Stnedley, at Lexington." lliss Ida Lee Harris has returnedto her home in Noland, W. Va,, afterpeicing the Christmas holidayswife .Mrs. J. Clarke Leer, Jr.JCrs. "W. M. Miller entertained-with a rook party Saturday afterrtdoa, in honor of her sister, Mrs.U. 7. Bufiiugton, of Moundsville, O.Ens. Martha Baldwin left Saturday lor her home in Maysville after. atavy of several weeks with Mr. E.BMdwin and Mrs. E. H. Kerr.JCiss Corinne Wilson, who felloro time ago at the M. F C, susieuR2g a broken arm, and who hasbeea in the St. Joseph Hospital, inLextegton "for several weeks, returned to the M. F. C. Friday, and-will resume her "work today.3Ir. and Mrs. D. M. Hurst havexiovfcd io the home of Mrs. ElizabethSiKan from their farm near Ewing.jtfra. Hurst ia a sister of Mrs. ElizaSjetl Stirman and Mrs. S. H. Endicott.IMr. and Mrs. Robert Hendrick Hud--son"will occupy the farm of Mr. andMrs. Hurst.Dr. C. B. Smith entertained on.New Year's Day with a six-o'clockdinner for eight of his gentlemanfriends. The place cards were preTjared in rhyme by Mr. W. V. Shaw.After dinner cards were indulged in riving-until after 1913 had passed away and1914 had been ushered in.The following are among thenumber who spent the New Year'sIholidays out of town: Miss EllenIarke with Mrs. Clinton Hartley,in Paris: Mis s Ethel Fisher withfriends in Clarkesburg, Va.; Mrs. S.E. Bruce and little son, Alexanderwith her sister, Mrs. Thomas Darnall,at Flemingsburg.--Quite a number of dinings weregiven during the New Year holidays,flie most elaborate of which was theione given by Mr. and Mrs'. O . W.Angels, which was a buffet luncheon.The following guests wer e present:Mr. J. G. Allen, Mr. and Mrs. S. M.Alien, and daughters, Misses Margaret and Mary Bush Allen, J. G. Allen,Jr., Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Martin, Dr.and Mrs. C. B. Smith, Mr.W. V.Shaw, and Mrs. Louis Rogers andson. Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Miller alsoentertained with an elaborate diningon the same day. The followingguests were present: Mr. and Mrs.0. M. Johnson, Mrs, Elizabeth Miller and daughter, Miss KliwibPth,.Miss Julia Howe, of Covington, Mr.4ind Mr. Wm. Myall, Mr. and Mrs.Woodford Daniel, Miss Elizabeth Jasper, of Paris.Mr. Lee Clarks left Saturdayfor Florida, for the winter.Protracted meeting began at thePresbyterian church Sunday nighCMr. W. G. Leer left Monday fora few days' business trip to Shelbyville. Wagon tarpaulins carried instockMILLERSBURG COAL & LUMBERCOMPANY. - 2tMrs. O. E. Hurst has gone toFrankfort, Ind., for a visit to relatives..Mr. Charles Merrrmee, of Cincinnati, visited relatives hereand Monday.Mr. E. K. Spears and Mr. Wm.Cannon, of Paris, were here Sundaythe guest of lady friends.The following changes in placesof business in this place will takeplace in the next few days: Mr. J.P. Auxier will move his grocerystock to the room of Mrs. Sue 'V.Sandusky, occupied by Aaron McConnell, who will move his grocery tothe building vacated Dy the drug firmof Huffman & Lynch, and xClark &Ammerman will move their hardwarestore to the room occupied by EarlBarton, who will move his pool roomto the building adjoining.Miss Julia Miller has returned toAsheville, N. C, after spending several months at home.Miss Julia Howe has returned toher home in Covington, after a visitto her sister, Mrs. Elizabeth Miller.Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Johnson, returned Saturday after a visit to theirparents, Mr. and Mrs. R. O. Chambers, at Sardis.Miss Mildred Bruce returnedSaturday after spending the Christmas holidays with Miss Dorothy Pollock, at Vanceburg,Misses Kizzie May McDaniel,Hazel Kerr, and Irene Tackett reopened their schools Monday. .Misses Bessie Purnell and Mary McDaniel returned to their schools at Parisand Cynthiana Monday. The PublicSchool opened here on the same day.The M. M. I. and M. F. C. opened today. The student oody began ar-Monday. There are severalnew arrivals among the number ateach school.The Cynthiana Log Cabin ofFriday says: "The members of the.Cynthiana Musical Club enjoyed a deightful piano recital yesterday afternoon at the home of Mrs. I. D. BestThe artist secured for the New Year'streat was Miss Alma Duke Jones, ofMillersburg, who is pursuing herstudies at the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music. She is only eighteenyears of age and possesses phenomenal talent for one of her age."The year 1913 has closed and wehave opened a new year. Millersburg, like every other place, has undergone numerous changes, some ofthem very marked. A number ofprominent citizens, including J. H.Linville, John W. Mock, J. C. Layson, William Petersonf"G. F. Jones,have given up their vocations in lifeand lie peacefully at rest in the cemetery. Other prominent ones havemoved from our community, amongwhom are Joel W. Mock and family,U. S. G. Pepper and family, and others. There have also been manymercantile changes. Mr. Joel W.Mock having disposed of his furnitureand undertaking business to Mr. W.E. Pruitt, Mr. S. H. Endicott his grocery stock to Mr. S. E. Bruce, Carpenter Bros., their livery businessand fixtures to D. E. Clarke & Co.The dissolution of the firm of Mclntyre & Turner and the new firm ofMclntyre & Baldwin, Mr. U. S. G.Pepper retiring as postmaster, Mr.J. B. Cray succeeding him, E. S. Wadell transferring his pool room toMr. Earl Barton, J. O. Hisko opening a new meat market, a number offarms in the immediate, neighborhood have changed hands, familieshave moved away and homes have.been broken . up by death. SeveralSunday new country homes have gone up,which are ornaments to the countyand among the new homes in townare those of Mr. J. T. Judy JudgeT. P. Wadell, the one occupied byElder C. O. Cossaboom, the new colored Methodist church, which wouldbe a credit to any town, and the colored Baptist church. We have ahealthy town and community, and allkinds of business has prospered hereduring the year just ended. Rev. A.S. Venable and R. C. Goldsmith succeding Rev. R. S. Sanders and Rev.Stackhouse as pastors of the Presbyterian and Baptist churches. Thechurches have been especially prosperous. Numbers have been addedto all the churches and lodges. Anautomobile garage is among the newenterprises of the year. We havehad a' prosperous year, and much forwhich to be thankful.The following were interredDEATHSNICHOLSMrs. Nelson Nichols, aged seventy-twoyears, died at her home inKansas City, of pneumonia. Shewas formerly Miss Bettie Quisenberry, of Clark county, and a sister ofMr. J. T. Quisenberry, of Paris. Theremains were interred at KansasCity.MOORE.Mr. James E. Moore, eighty-fouryears old, the venerable father ofMrs. John G. Redmon, died Fridayafter a week's illness of uraemia, atthe home of -Mr". Redmon, oil theJackstown pike. Mr. Moore's homewas in Greenfield, O., and he wasvisiting his daughter. He wasx inhis usual health until about a weekago, and attended services at theParis Christian church last Sundayweek. Another daughter, Mrs. Randolph, of Ohio, was with her fatherwhen the end came. The body wastaken to Greenfield for burialr leaving here yesterday morning at 8:20o'clock. . (DANIELS.Mrs. Maria Louise Daniels, agedeighty-five years, died at the . homeof her son, Mr. J. H. Daniels, inLexington, on December 30 followinga protracted illness from the infirmities of old age.Mrs. Daniels was for many yearathe Millersburg cemetery during the a resident of Paris, making her homefwitn ner aaugnter, mrs. j. . vuis-enberry, who died some years ago.myear 1913:March 5 Alice Dailey, aged 4667.March 7 James Berry, aged 45.April 5 Mrs. Aggie Agnew, aged2gSE&ij mmm MjSTT11vApril 9 David Conway, aged 54.April 9 Daisy Garrison, aged 19.April 21 Annie M. Buchanan, aged37.May 11 Horace Linville, aged 54.June 5 Clifton Mann, aged 71.June 16 Sarah Thorn Marshall,aged 15.June 22--John Clark Layson, aged66.June 22 Chas. T. Darnell, aged 73..luly 3 John W. Barnett, aged 75.July 5 Mrs. Nancy Myers, aged77.July 11 Wm. Henry Bishop, stillborn. July 13 Edward T. Wagoner, aged10 -months.July 18 Frankie L. Garland, aged51.Aug. 3 Oma Ellen Parrish, aged4 months.Aug. 7 Oma Alfred Puckett, aged10 months'.Aug? 18 Emma Fisher, aged 76.Sept. 4 Geo. F. Jones, aged 46.Sept. 18 John W. Mock, age SO.Sept. 22 James Howard Insko,aged 1 month.Oct. 5 Martha A. McClelland,aged 85.Oct. 16 Wm.'J. Peterson, aged 55.Oct. 24 James A. Smith, aged 87.Dec. 10 Ida Belle Puckett, aged43.Dec. 20 Rena Clay Stoker, aged44.Dec. 26 Wm. N. Honey,, aged 38.Before her marriage she was MissMary Louisa Gaitskill, and was thelast of a family of nine children.She was the grandmother 'of Mr.Strauder Quisenberry, who 'died inColorado, and whose body was interred at Winchester December 25She is survived, by two children, Mr.James H. Daniels and Miss LiliitPanels, both of Lexngton. Mrs. Danels was the erandmother of Mrs.T.qtio TQTlroi Q-nrJ AtVa TpvJtip TTn.Pheeters. of Paris.The funeral was held at Winches-'ter and the remains were interred inthe Winchester cemetery.Some ProfitA handful of raw pig iron, weighingabout five pounds, is worth five cents.From it 60 table-knife blades can bemade, of a value of $15. Convertedinto steel watch springs, there can beabout 110,200 of those tiny coils madefrom it. They sell for $1.75 a dozen,which would bring the neat sum of$16,070.83 for the five cents' worth ofraw metal. Browning's Magazine.MARSH PREDICTS TWO FLOODS.W. W. Marsh, the Winton Place,O., prophet, predicts- that 1914 willbe a year of damaging storms, although much more peaceful than 1913HQt so many strikes, and not suchsevere floods and other catastrophes.Two floods are forecasted one inFebruary and one in March. Themonths of January and February,Marsh says, -will bring heavy sleetand snow storms. The coming summer will be ideal, he says, the heatwaves being relieved by coolingwaves.CLEARANCE SALE OFHoliday ShoesWe Are Offering to the PublicGREAT SHOE BARGAINSand Slippersv nuIN BEST AID 1ST FASHIONABLE FOOTWEAR FOR MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDRENOn account of the extraordinary warm weather, and because ol our enormous purchases o! Footwear, which is arriving every day and crowding us for room, we are compelled to offer to the publicFOOTWEAR AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICESLadies, you never had such an opportunity to practice economy. New Shoes in all leathers and styles,absolutely perfect in every detail. They come inPatent Leather and Gun Metal, GfcGfe$4.00 and $4.50 values, at 9iiiVVLadies' Cloth Tops in Gun Metal and Patent, including the much-desired "BabyDoll Shoe," $3.50 and $4 quality$2.49Ladies' Gun Metal and Patent in Button and Lace,low and high heels, $3.00values, at$1.99A big assortment of Ladies' Shoes in button andlace of regular $2.00 and $2.50values, at$1.49Men, do you want the best in shoes? Our line oShoes cannot be duplicated anywhere under $5.00and $6.00. A large assortment of the famousWalk-Over in all styles and . CCVIleather at W" WWMen's dress or work -ShoesTan, $4.00 and $5.00quality, atin Gun? Metal and$3.49Men's best Shoes, maderegular $4.00 values,atin Lace and Button,$2.99A very large assortment of Men's Shoes in GunMetal, Button and Lace,$3.00 values at$1.99SstmA very big selection of Boys' and Girls' School Shoes in all leathers and styles at prices which willsave you fifty per cent, on the dollar.Men's and Women's Slippers Restful, Pleasing, Full of Comfort. A very desirable gift for all atTHE LOWES PRICES.Rubbers and High Top Shoes of all kinds and description at wholesale prices Satisfaction guaranteedBY THE OLD RELIABLE HOUSE3D .A. 1ST OOUE3 3SJ"-jnr s-' . --.. -2- '.,JMATRIMONIIILANNOUNCEMENT.Mr. and Mrs. James LawrenceRELIGIOUS.i -Prayer services will be held at -th,eMethodist church each night-thi"McCc-3 of Lexington, of the engage- week by the Epworth League, hei,ucui ui- -"c" iiu5ui.ei, iniao xvvir uing ai t ociocic, in ODserrance ofMcCoy, to Mr. William Logan Shear- the first week of the new year. Th3T, of Montecello, Ky. services for the week were introdmThe bride is an accompished and ed Sunday night by the subject "Rearattractive young woman. Mr. Shear- sons for Daily Prayer." The generalar holds a responsible position with public is invited to attend these serthe Northwestern Life Insurance Co., vices,at Lexington. He is well-known in -Bourbon county, where he has spenta great deal of his time during thepast few years, in connection withhis insurance business.RIFITHS.Near Ruddles Mills, to the wife ofMr. Lindsay Hough, ah eleven, poundson; second bora.At Atlanta, Ga., to the wife of Mr.Chas. M. Griffin,, of Paris, General jmakeoouicuuj ui me jrans l. m. U. Aa son Charles M. Griffin, Jr.STQGK AND FARM NOTESCha3. Kuster, of near Jacksonville. Hold to TT "WarpnTon ut'city, 24 fat hogs, averaging about200 . pounds each, at $7.50 per hundred pounds, for immediate delivery."IN THE MELTING POT."DEMAND LONG SHEETSAND CLEAN TOWELS.Traveling men of Kentucky willa fleht before the session ofthe General Assembly, which convened to-day for a hotel inspection bill,requiring hotel to observe rules regarding the comfort and health f(their guests, as to change of beHave you ever looked down into I clothin lengtk of sheets, condition ofthe face of the little Greek bootblack towels etc- 3 law & mot VTsontwho polishes your shoeB in the "shine ly demanded bF the traveling me,parlor"? Have you ever studied the who make thes maller towns, wKeacharacteristics of the fruit vpnrter nfpe""OQ aoea not automaticalme same nationality? Perhaps not.Americans, as a rule, do not knowvery much about the Greeks whocome among them. They see themengaged in various industries selling fruit, . operating shoe-shining"parlors", serving as waiters andbellboys, sometimes in higher positions and their efficiency in theirseVeral occupations is indicated bythe fact that their services are satisfactory enough not to be criticized.The average American accepts theservices as a (matter of course andthinks little about those who renderthem. If he takes heed of the menat all,-he sees keen, clear, dark eyesand fine, dark faces, and if he opensconversation he is likely to be surprised at the intelligence of the foreigners whom he has carelesslyclassed as one of our "problems."If he-stops to reflect, he will recallthat he does not hear of them n in.volved in drinking scrapes, and will!bring about reforms for the benefitof guests. Representatives of tktraveling men are there urging members of the Legislature to vote fortheir bill.Save tairanse Distances.Tks Panama canal ehortess th wartr route totweea Liverpool and Yacouver by 5,668 milesMONTGOMERY COUNTY FARM.'BRINGS FINE PRICE.One of the largest real estate salesconsummated in Montgomery county's historv was made Thursdaywhen Mr. R. Bruce Young, of thatcounty, sold to his brother, Mr. N"B.Young, of the same county, his modelfarm situated about two miles fromMt. Sterling, on the Maysville pikeand containing: aTTroximAtei-c- istbe $222 per acre, or a total of $39,960ior tne wnoie.The man who always takes a drinkof whisky in the morning when fiegets up never sleeps late. AMARKET HOUSEttittof ft8th and MainNO CREDIT,NO DEUVE RY,NO PHONESwonder what the "problem" is that ' acres- The Price realized is said, toconcerns tliem.According to the Eastern and Westem Review, a magazine published inBoston in the, interest of the Greeksin America and printed in English,most of the transplanted citizens ofthe classic land a.o greatly ' disappointed wlLh-enr country, not findinghere the opportunities they expected,but, once here,, they s.tay and makethe best of things. Some of them arehighly educated, ana members of thisclass particularly find it hard toestablish themselves, often beingforced to take inferior positions. Aporter or "bellboy" in a hotel maypossess scholarship far beyond thatpossessed by pretentious personswhose baggage he carries.Many tales of heroism are told ofthe Greek soldiers who took part inthe recent Balkan war, large numbersof them returning from the UnitedStates in order to' participate. Theyhad. not heralded their loyalty totheir native land as many other foreigners in America have done, butthey showed their patriotic spirit bytheir conduct. Mention is made ofone man, who had been a bananapeddler in New York, who is nowcommanding a regiment, and otherswho had been in humble occupationshere died like heroes.A writer in the Review praises thesoldiers highly. They are temperate; they endure hardships well;they are brave and intelligent. Another characteristic is their lovereading. They take an interest ininternational as well as home affairs,and are especially interested in theirnational poetry. According to thiswriter thoy are worthy descendantsof the Homeric Greeks. So far asreading is concerned, the statement !is sustained by the fact that tvdaily papers in the Greek languageare published in New York, showinga demand for current news. It maybe that in this comparatively newelement in the "melting pot," a desirable addition is to be made to theAmerican character.Atuiore's Mince Meat, lb 15cDill Pickles, large 2 for 5cCelery, bunch '. 5cCranberries, quart 5cTarsley, bunch 5cOysters, quart 35cFresh Fish, pound 10c to 20cPork Roast, pound 16cPork Chops, pound 7. .IScRib or Roll Roast Beef, lb 16cRound Steak, pound 18cLoin Steak, pound 20cChuck Steak, pound . . .16c -Fresh Sausage, pound 18c XHome-made Kraut, pound 5cPure Lard, pound ,. . . . 14cSliced.Bieakfast Bacon,ppund . .25cSliced Ham, pound 25cWeReceive Oysters and' FishFour Times Each Week.St M Te i 1 V JL . Jor I& Co.HellerXiIINVESTMENT!NIf you have resolved to make at least 'one profitable investment in 1914, doyou know of any safer or better onethan spending a few dollars on house-, .wiring or piping for natural gas?:J We will be glad to make free estl- vmates or furnish full information.imi1I Paris Gas & Electric Co.' , Incorporated : " fy i,-. t -J$ VK - i A , is0Mt-J -Jn