.":'.4i4f&fiSlfTurIrlLnews;"Si1PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARwp-VOLUME 'XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1914.sBOURBON!IMR0DS, GUNS ANDDOGS IN THE FIELDS.CIRCUIT COURT."lie game laws regulating theminting of rabbits and quail expiredSunday, but because of tbe weatherconditions and the fact that the Kentucky Statutes impose a fine of notless than 5 nor more than $50 foriiuatiug on the Sabbath, not manyjiunters took to the fields. It is, ofcourse probable that some hardy spirits, who recognize -10 law but theirown desires, violated the game laws,last Sunday.In compliance with the State lawsa large number of Bourbon countysuortsnien have taken out huntingmense, County Clerk Pearce Paton-cnorting a total of 287 issued sincejitrt January, when the 1913 licensespired, of which "V.20 were issuedduring the first fourteen days of November. It is expected that thisnumber will be largely increased astne hunting season grows older, andziis fairly under way.The game wardens have been veryactive in this section of the State intnrir efforts to enforce the laws rerjirding hunting out of season, andligations of the fishing laws. So farin" number of offenders has been verysmall, and the State Game Wardenjdu his assistants have expressed-pfcmselves as being highly satisfiedMih the existing conditions and theigh regard the sportsmen the realsportsmen of Bourbon county seemto have for its provisions.From all accounts there will be ap ntiful amount of game for BourDor county hunters-Rabbits are saidf be abundant and quail numerous.- ,wever, the crop of quail is not as.srge as it was thought it would be,tjt it is said there will be plenty oftoort for those who cannot spare the33 e to journey to far-away fields. As-at, been their custom, a number ofr .Jiiers departed Sunday for localiv. es where the birds are most plentiful and in most instances will contrce their quest for game for two ortrree weeks.Tne report that hunting would bep-otiibited until the elimination oftr foot-and-mouth disease amongcattle, the development of which hascaused a rigid quarantine, will have-o egect upon hunting in this section, as no quarantine exists in anyol tne Central Kentucky couties.MORE "BOOTLEGGINGWhen Jerry Wilson (not "our JerT" stepped from the noon train at-Carlisle, Saturday, he was placed unarrest by Chief of Police C. Ctie:Itenxi on a charge of bringing liquornro local option territory.Jerry had been in Paris and hadpurchased a large market basketwhich which he filled with an assortment of liquor of various qualities-and quantities, over which he had-gracefully draped a man's size pairof overalls. Thus equipped, and fortified, Jerry set sail for land of blackberries and rabbits, but came to grief.Jerry's trial will be held Wednesday,when he will try to show good andsu&cient cause for becoming a perambulating bonded warehouse.The November grand jury made apartial report to the court at its session Friday and was adjourned untilnext Friday. The report stated thatseventeen true bills had been foundagainst various offenders.A large number o'f school boyswere brought before the grand juryand quizzed as to the unlawful sale ofcigarettes. It is thought that no. indictments were returned.One indictment was returnedagainst Ike Chiles, colored, of NorthMiddletown, charged with "bootlegging" whisky and beer. It is said thatother violations of the liquor lawsbe investigated when the grand juryre-convenes.Judge Stout overruled a motion fora new trial in -the now "celebratedcase" of Mr. James McClure, Cashierof the First National Bank, of Paris,against Mr. Jas. D. McClintock, prominent politician and insurance man.This case, which has been throughthe courts in the past five years, wasfor $50,000 damages for alleged slanderous remraks and instruments ofwriting made by McClintock regarding McClure. The case see-sawedthrough the courts, and was finallythought to have been laid to rest atthe last term of the Bourbon Circuit Court, wjien the jury returned averdict in favor o Mr. McClureagainst Mr. McClintock for ?10,000as damages for mental suffering, injury to reputation, etc., alleged tohave been suffered by Mr. McClure.Different nhases of the case have been jpassed upon by three different CircuitJudges. Mr. McClintock will take anappeal to the Court of Appeals, it isunderstood.'Business in the big county buildingwas rather slow yesterday, theassigning of Commonwealth cases andthe usual hearing of motions beingthe principal transactions.The following cases were assignedfor Friday:Commonwealth vs. Wm. Morris,selling malt liquor vo a minor.Commonwealth vs. Dennis Grey,malicious cutting and wounding.Commonwealth vs. Henry Johnson,burglary.Commonwealth vs. Jesse Keith,striking and wounding.Comminwealth vs. Braxton Howard and Lee Samuel Howard, libber y.Commonwealth vs. Will Barlow,forgery.Commonwealth v Bob Washington, having liquor tn possession inlocal option territory for purpose ofsale.Commonwealth vs. Bill Day, grandlarceny.At Friday's session, the jury in thecase of George Simpson returned averdict of guilty and fixed his punishment at six months in the countyjail at hard labor.BOURBON TOBACCO WAREHOUSE!TO OPEN SEASON DEC. 5Officials of the Bourbon TobaccoWarehouse are making extensivepreparations looking to the reopening ,oi the loose leaf tobacco market inthis city on Saturday, December 5.The house will be open on Monday,Dec. 1, for the reception of tobaccodestined for the market sales. Alarge amount of valuable floor spacehas been provided for by an addition, which was erected last year. Instead of having three sales weekly, asiwas the custom last year, the marketwill open daily.Weather conditions have been veryfavorable for affording an excellentseason for stripping tobacco, with the"result that the growers of the countyare rushing the work of preparing theweed for the market. A large number of crops will be consigned to the'local warehouse, and all indicationspoint to a most successful opening on,December 5.Only a few crops in the countyhave been sold, although speculatorsare beginning to feel the pulse of themarkct. Growers seem inclined towait until the opening of the looseleaf market in this and adjoiningcities. The quality of the crop inthis county, according to competentjudges, is excellent, and no doubtTecord-breakihg prices will prevail onthe open market.Buyers who have made a canvassin an effort to secure tobacco, reportthat the growers are very enthusiastic over the prospects for the 191415 season.An increase in the facilities of theBourbon Tobacco Warehooe willmake it one of the most convenientplaces of market in the State.Messrs. John T. Collins and Ed.Burke are busily engayed 1n makingarrangements for the opening onDecember 5.The main floor of the house has acapacity of 200,000 pounds and thenew addition will accommodate 100,000 pounds.rw & mm m -iviiEcnei &r 4 m mDiaKcmoresPARISIAN GOES TOTHE PHILIPPINES.BADLY BURNED.Gertrude Cunningham, daughter of"Lee Cunningham, colored, living onthe Cane Ridge piku, near Paris, wasbacly burned about the head andbocv Friday afternoon, by her clothescsxening fire from an open grate, asshe was passing by. Medical assistance was rendered, and she wastaken in an automobile to a Lexington hospital. Her injuries were pro--nouncedvery serious and may havea fatal resultCHANGE IN FIRM.Is the future the name of the livestock firm of Caywood & McClintockMil be known at Caywood, Smith &McClintock, Mr. Joseph B. Smith, ofnear this city, having purchased aon-thjrd interest in the firm. Mr.Smith is an experienced livestockman, as are Messrs. Caywood & McClintock ,and the new firm will makea strong combination of brains andbusiness ability,REFUSED TO TILT QUARANTINEWhen the good ship "Sideria"slips her cables at the dock at SanFrancisco, on November 21, bound forthe Philippine Islands, the name FredBatterton, Paris, Ky., will be found onthe passenger list. Mr. Batterton willsail on that date for Manila, wherehe goes as an Inspector of Fibers inthe employe ot tnestates Government.appointmentSUSPECTS ARRESTED..Five young men, one of whom afterward proved to be the son of awell-known Covington Councilman,were placed under arrest here Fridayafternoon by the local authorities ona charge of beating their way fromCovington to Paris on an L. & N.freight train.The authority for their arrest camein the shape of a telephone call fromthe Covington authorities asking thatthe young men be apprehended andheld for them. Upon their arrivalhere the boys managed to give thepolice the slip, but were later arrested. The young men "ere suspected ofhaving been implicated in the robbery of several stores in Covingtonrecently, but the officers who camefrom Covington to take them backcould not fasten the crimes uponthem and they were released, afteran exhaustive and complete examination. The young man who was takenback to Covington and whose namewas not given out, is said to be theson of a Covington Councilman, andwas in no way connected with thebunch ' arrested, but came with themUnited States on a boyish lark.Mr. Battertonrpp.entlv received anfmm the' Government in that ca- HUTCHCRAFT ESTATE VAL-DELCltV,Mr" Batterton has been in the employ of Spears & Sons, of this city,for several years-, and w-as selectedfor this particular duty by the Government officials on account of hislong experience in the hemp and fiberbusiness and by reason of his familiarity with the -work. .Mr. Batterton's many friends inthis section wish him a safe journeyto his new home in the far East anda hope that well-merited promotionmay come to him in his line of duty.OTHER GIFTS FOR THESUFFERING BELGIANS.Government officers acting rpon advices received from Washington, refused to tilt the cattle quarantine lidto permit the shij-nient from Ken-tnr.t-tr rf laro-O nnsiemmentS Of fatcattle which already had been sold to4-christian Church on Thursday, Fri-The Woman's Adult Bible Class ofthe Christian Church will be glad toreceive any article of clothing formen, women or children which theywill pack and send to the povertystricken Belgians. Winter is comingon the suffering in Belgium is terrifiic They are without warm clothing or money to buy, so any donationstii hP srreatfully received at theUED AT $195,287.60.The appraisers of the assigned estate of It. B. Hutchcraft, gram merchant and farmer of this city, filedtheir report in the county court here.Under the heading of farm lands theappraisment shows the valuation to be$81,308; city property valued at $38,950; grain seed, etc., $19,783.10; cash,notes and account $18,861.80; bankstock and other stocks and shares$2,775; which together with livestock, crops and miscellaneous effectbrings the total to $175,282. In addition to this the report shows agrazing bill of $200, one-half interest in the Hutchcraft & Wheat property appraised at $1,555.25 and warehouse receipts for blue grass fromD. S. Gay, of Clark County, which isin litigation, amounts to $1,993.68.The appraisers of the estate wereW. D. Mclntyre, John T. Collins andS. S. Ardery.Will. HUNTER!November 15this the time to look for the birds, and there is going to be plenty ofthem this year, but to find these birds at the right time and the rightplace you've got to wear the best Hunting Clothes in the world, andthat isxfdtjix:-b3.3L.Sh.1Our stock of Dux Bak Hunting Clothes is the most complete andthe largest ever shown in a town of this size. Everything that thehunter needs the kind of clothes that are water proof, wind proofand briar proof. Look at our hunting window.Dux Bak Water Proof Hunting Coats ,;- -$5.00Dux Bak Water Proof Hunting Pants f ........ 3.00Dux Bak Water Proof Hunting Vest 2.50"Dux Bak Water Proof Hunting Hat 1.00Hunting Caps and Leggings. ,The Shell Vest which distributes the weight of the shells all overyour shoulders. Witch Elk Water Proof Shoes in all heighths, absolutely water proof just the thing to wade the branches in.Come to our store and lay in yonr supply of the best HuntingClothes in the world.Mitchell & Blakemore,IThe Store for Mien's StylesParis, KentuckyX $Why Pay ! FRANK b CO.22c to 25c perpound forSausage when1 BaldwinSpecialf-Bros.THE TURKEY MARKET.Eastern packers.The Federal inspectors and Stateauthorities, at the urgent request ofsellers and buyers, wired Washington to determine whether shipmentscould he sent out under restrictions,but were informed by the head ofof the Buereau of Animal Industrythat it would be inadvisable to releaseany portion of Kentucky from thejquarantine until a thorougn mvebusraiion by the Federal and State Gover:ments had been completed. ,NOTHING OLD BUT THE TITLE.Everything new but the title, is thea ay in which Gus Iill describes his1914-15 offering of the famous Fishercartoon comedy play "MuttS: Jeff,and their journey "In Mexico" to assist "Uncle Sam" in allaying the insurrection. It's the one big laughinghit of the century. It'll be at theParis Grand, Thursday, Nov". 19th, forone night only.NO HUNTING SUNDAYS.The -Kentucky Statutes, Section1323, provide a fine against any person i engaged in hunting on the Sabbath.-The section referred to reads-TfLanTr norenn sball hunt game".vita i gun or dogs on the Sabbathday and Saturday of this week, from9 in the morning until three in theafternoon. t r ,.The ladies of the Baptist ana Methodist churches will receive donationson Thursday; the ladies of the Christian Church on Friday, and the ladiesof the Presbyterian and Episcopalchurches on Saturday, all the donations to be sent to the Christianchurch, where they will be cared for.GOOD STRIPPING SEASON.s a result of a warm gentle rain4.1.1 i,omn failing late Saturday nightand through the afternoon of Sunday,tobacco came m case, ana tue uwubacco stripping of the season is on.Many farmers awoke from their slumbers at an early hou- Sunday morningand went to their barns, throwingopen the doors that the dampness ofthe air might render the tobaccoleaves Pliable and with the break ofdaT Monday morning thousands of?5 t irnonfied Dlucking tobacco.The work of stripping .the crop atleast a portion for the opening salesDecember 1, TrtU progress rapidly.The rain was welcomed by tobaccoerehousmln, as wil as by businessmi everjnvhere as the opening ofttj:itSELLiThe market for the Thanksgiving!turkey trade at the local pens of C.S. Brent & Bro., and at their pens inCarlisle, Milleoburg and Flemingsburg continues good, prices rulingabout thirteen cents per pound, onfoot for birds delivered at the slaughtering pens.They wlil continue to receive turkevs until Wednesday, when the market will close to reopen in Decemberfor the Christmas trade. The cropof turkeys is reported as being unusually large, but the birds are mostlypoor, thin atfd of an inferior quality.Mt. Sterling turkey raisers havenot plunged much on the Thanksgiving market, refusing the openingnrip.ps of ten to twelve cents, preferring to hold their stocks in hopes of ;an increased demand and a rising ijmarket consequent upon the approachof the Christmas trade.jA. O. STANLEY WILL AN-NOUNCE FOR GOVERNOR.2 POUNDSOF BESTPORKSAUSAGEiFOR35c40 SUITSA,in Ladies' and Misses Sizes5newest styles and materials, 'all colors, formerly" sold at"4$25.00 and $20.00, ' ;!irr rVPt. imGcr business favorluuh.ua, -- WMnQ the .turning looseviva.', gun or dogs on tne uu" ame aupiuco.-- - r .he shall be fined mot less thn $5 a lot ct money tnat stimulate uisIrr Trw- than t for MC& ofl!ene. lufcgClose friends of Congressman A. O. .Stanlev say that he undoubtedly will Jxbe a candidate for the Democratic Jnomination for Gov&mor and that theannouncement may te expected veryshortly. Mr. Stanley, who made the Jrap.fi for the nomination to the Sen-ate last summer, will Tetire from .the rrepresentative branch -of Congress ' Jl - 'next March. t "f i?BLOWN80SCHOICE NOW$15.00; Alterations Free."V.' 'rv'4TSPRANK & GO,The Store Where RtKahttty3teigtts "-tnor more than $ forBCfiSjwvaa.x. -vVt$XTHE, BOURBON HE PWSf 1 NTUCKY, NOVEMBER 1 7 1814The Bourbon News- fcsiaolisbed ikd" 32 Years of Con-jttnom.us Publication.fewiFT CHAiV.3, Editor and Owner.I2iviered at the Paris, Kentucky,ijosi.oflice as Mail Matter of thefecond Class.)Oae Y ear $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Pavable in Advance.Puonshea Every Tuesoay and FridayADVERTISING RATJES"Display Advertisements, $1.00 perimh for first time; 50 pents per inch-each subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line?ach 'issue; reading notices in "blacktje. 20 cents per line, each issue." Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andBireilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisexciits and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedtc decline any advertisement or othermatier offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.CHAIRMAN RHEA THANKSKENTUCKY NEWSPAPERS.n is customary for the community,Tllcai parties and politicans to takeTlia newspapers as a matter of course, jand accept their help without a reali-i.atkra of its potency.Because one man in a high placeapnreciates the position of a news-in guiding public opinion, wepublish the following personal letterfrom State Chairman Thomas S. Rhea,aufi return nis niicitauons oer uie:es8lt in the same spirit of apprecia-lion of a campaign he so skillfullylaBnaged: j her sister and the lovely little niece"Editor Bourbon News, j of the hride, Miss Margaret PaulineParis, Ky. gnaford was the fiower girl."Dear Sir: J "The little flower girl descended"la the great victory achieved for . the main stainvav t0 the hall in ad-f le Democratic party, and for Demo- j vance of the maid of honor and thecratie principles in the election on , bride foii0ved. At the foot of theNcv. 3rd, I am aware that one of the stairs the bride wa3 met by her fa.tdsc potent factors was the State , ther who gave ber away at the altar.lepapers, and without their cordial The bride's gown was of whiteaa& efficient co-operation our cam- satin wiUl net flounces and crystalpaign work might have proven a fail-1 trjmmings. she wore a real laceTire . 'veil, which had been worn by her-When the State Democratic Com-1 paternal aunt3, Mrs. Ault and Mrs.mttt-ee selected me as campaign , Fisber on tbeir wedding days.chairman, I realized that m many. .The bride carried a sheath ofways I had a difficult and responsible I faster lillies.-work before me. To establish and j ..Miss Anna Magee Sanford wore amaintain au organization m the one gown of pale green satin with tullehundred and twenty counties of the and trimmings 0f silver. Her boustate, to secure means to pay for the quet was of pink Killarney roses and-rrork of the headquarters, and to maiden.hair fern.Iteep in constant touch and communi-j The daintv little flower girl wore.canon with every part oi uie state, re- (au.:red ceaseless and untiring work upon the part of the chairman."I endeavored to do my part welland successfully, but I realize howhelpless I would have been withoutthe generous aid ot the state press.Ton and vour valuable newspaper ren- jdered us most valuable assistance- andI write to assure you of my sincereappreciation of what you have done."For the success of the ticket, andfor the cause of Democratic principlesyou indeed did much good. I foundyou ready and willing at all timesto generously aid us, and as the state jchairman', as well as individually, Iivlsh to thank you gratefully."Very truly yours,t .. "THOS. S. RHEA."AN ACTIVE LIVER MEANS HEALTHIf you want good health, a clearcomplexion and freedom from Dizziness, Constipation, Biliousness, Headches and Indigestion, take Dr. Kinsr's?ew Life Pills. They drive out fermenting and undigested foods, clearthe Blood and cure Constipation. Only25o. at your druggist.(Nov.) adv.If a girl can get a man to pay herattentions, it isn't long until she getsiim to pay her bills.!RheumatismJust put a few drops of Sloan'son the painful spot and the painstops. It is really wonderful, bow quickly Sloan's acts. Noneed to rub it in laidonlightlyit penetrates to the bone andbrings relief at once. Killsrheumatic pain instantly.Mr. James E. Alexander, of NorthEarpswcU, Me., writes: "Many strainssay back and hips brought on rheusa&tism in the sciatic nerve. I had it sobad oae night when sitting in my chair,ifeat I had to Jump on my feet to getrelief. I at once applied your Linimentto the affected part and in less then tenaunutes it was perfectly easy. I thinkit m the best of all Lmimcnts I havee?er useavSLOANSLINIMENTKills PainAt al dealers, 25cland imme cts in stamps for aTRIAL BOTTLE1 Dr.Br. Earl S. Sloan, Inc.Ffcl.J.lffc,p.giI'ALMATRMONSANFORD METCALFE- The Journal-Tribune, publishelKnoxville, T-enn., on Thursday,atNovember 11, contains a lengthy aci?lthZmfZ?SlltUr:S;We meeting, one of the most e.o-Metcalfe. of Paris. Ky.. Master ofTrains for the L. & N. RailroadCompany, and Miss Dorothy Sanford,of Knoxville, which occurred in thelatter city on Nov. 11. Below is reprinted a part of the wedding notice:"Wednesday evening at 8 o'clockoccurred the wedding of Miss DorothySanford, tlfe elder of the two attractive daughters of United States Judgeand Mrs. Edward Terry Sanford, andMr. James Garrison Metcalfe, ofParis, Ky."The groom's parents, Col. andMrs. J. G. Metcalfe, reside at presentin Morristown, N. J., but were formerly residents of Louisville."The marriage ceremony was solemnized in the elegant old Woodruffhomestead the palatial home ofCaptain W.W. Woodruff the maternal grandfather of the bride. In thisold home the bride was born andmany years of her childhood andyoung ladyhood have been happilyrmcspH hnpnth this hnsnita.hlp. rnof.nri wprlnpsrlnv P.vp.ninjr an im-Drovised altar w"as arranged at thed f u e broad entrance hall andth several rooms opening into theliaii werfi thrown together bv thesll - rtiTlc. doors. At ttie hour of the cer-emonv an orchestra rendered the wed-din niarp1l as t.he bridal nrocessionvanrprl to the altar. First cameRev Dr whitaker, who performedthp PPrpmnnv. The irroom and his1 t n :h' aDDeared. Miss AnnaATnfrAP sanford was maia- of honor tohite linrerje frock wjth blue sashand hair ribbons and wreath of pinkbrides-maid roses and bore an oldfashioned bouquet of pink roses withthe white lace holder."After the ceremony the bridalcouple received in the drawing roomwith Judge and Mrs. Sanford. Alsoin the receiving line were CaptainWoodruff and Col. and Mrs. Metcalfe,parents of the groom."Mrs. Sanford was gowned in blackvelvet with point lace and wore herdiamonds."Mrs. Metcalfe wore a gown ofblack lace over white satin. Herornaments were pearls and diamonds."Assisting in entertaining wTere Mrs.Sanford's sisters, Mrs. Daisey "Woodruff Meek, Mrs. Samuel G. Shields,Mrs. Wallace Woodruff, Mrs. A. F.Sanford, Mrs. Hubert Fisher andMrs. Hugh W. Sanford."Throughout the entire house werej arranged a profusion of chrysanthemums and fall flowers with the autumnfoliage."The magnificent array of bridalgifts was on display in the libraryand living room."The punch bowl was presidedover by Miss Marguerite Metcalfe, ofNew Jersey; Miss Mildred Bacon, ofWashington, and Miss Helen Black,of Ohio, who were among the guestsfrom a distance in Knoxville for thebridal occasion."A wedding supper was served inthe dining room. The bridal tablewas decorated with Easter lilies andornamented with cut glass candlesticks burning with wax tapers underwhite shades."The bride and groom are to spendtheir honeymoon at White SulphurSprings, Va., and will be at home tofriends in Parish Ky., after Thanksgiving." Upon their arrival in Paris, Mr. andMrs. Metcalfe will go to housekeeping in the Cain property on MainStreet, opposite the Catholic Church.IT REALLY DOES RELIEVE RHEUMATISM.Everybody who is afficted withRheumatism in any form should byall means keep a bottle of Sloan'sLiniment on hand. The minute vo"feel pain or soreness in a joint ormuscle, bathe it with Sloan's Liniment. Do not rub it. Sloan's penetrates almost immediately r,ight tothe seat of pain, relieving the hot,Lender, swollen feeling and makingthe part easy and comfortable. Get abottle of Sloan's Liniment for 25 centsiof any. druggist and have it in thehouse against colds, sore and swollenjoints, rheumatism, neuralgia, sciaticaand like ailments. Your money backif not satisfied, but it does give almost instant relief.(Nov.) adv.Fashion begets a lot of new wrinkles. But they are usually in therear of the tight skirts.BEST COUGH MEDICINEFOR CHILDREN."Three years ago when I was livingin Pittsburgh one of my children hada hard cold and coughed dreadfully.Upon the advice of a druggist I purchased a bottle of Chamberlain'sSough Remedy and it benefited him atonce. I find it the best cough medicine for children because it is pleasant to take. They do not object totaking it," writes Mrs. Lafayette Tuck,ETomer City, Pa. This remedy contains no opium or other narcotic, andi may De given to a child as conndentlv-jas to an adult. Sold' by all dealers.(Isov.) -"N,' V,,adv.J ON E 'H U N DR E DJ O I N Chi U FfCfcl Ij ' AT NORTH MrJDLETO$N.ONE HUNDRED JOIN CjElURCH.The protracted meeting at theChristian Church resulted in 100 additions. This was one of the most interesting meetings ever held here andin the number of additions was probably the largest held in 50 or 60 years.i Elder John Christopherson, who heldquent preachers in the ChristianChurch. There had been no protract-ed meeting here for three years andthe harvest was ripe. One of themost remarkable things about themeeting was the lsrge number ofadults and older people who joined.There were only three under 14years of age; 18 under 16; 57 over21; 30 over 40; 20 over 50; 11 over60; 7 over 70 years. Seven were baptized Wednesday morning, Nov. 11,whose ages averaged over 70 years.There were 55 confessions 21 fromother Christian Churches, 18 fromthe Methodist, 3 from, the Baptist, 2from the Presbyterian, and 1 restored: There were 50 men anl boys, and50 women and girls; 39 men andboys, and 27 women and girls werebaptized total 66, including 11 married couples.The following were those that joined: Mr. Cash Harney, Mrs. Cash Harney, Mr. Gilbert Ramey, Mrs. GilbertRainey, Mr. Robt. Willoughby, Mrs.Robt. Willoughby, Mr. Connor Fletcher, Mrs. Connor Fletcher, Mr. B. D.Jones, Mrs. B. D. Jones, Mr. Wm.Moore, Mrs. Wm. Moore, Mr. MiltjEldridge, Mrs. Milt Eldridge, Mr.Davis Pence, Mrs. Davis Pence, Mr.Nelson Mason, Mrs. Nelson Mason,Mr. John A. Jones, Mrs. John A.Jones, Mr. Clif Thomas, Mrs. ClifThomas, Mrs. John Willoughby, Mrs.Charles Elwards, Mrs. Edward Jones,Mrs. Richard Green, Mrs. Mary Desnis, Mrs. Jesse Case, Mrs. Jas. Hardin, Mrs. B. F. Bivin, Mrs. FrancesSteuart, Mrs. Bettie Stivers, Mrs. L.C. Anderson, Mrs. Kint Duncan, Mrs.Susan Gaston, Mrs. Sarah Montague,Mrs. Thos. W. Wells, Mrs. Will Tutt,Mrs. Nettie Harris, Mrs. J. M. Hefley.Misses Lucy Henry, Mary Sears,Mary Myers, May Aldrich, BessieAldrich, Lillie Qlay Bivin, PearlJones, Mary Veach, Sarah Blunt,Gracie Blunt, Amelia Wind, CarolineHuffaker, Eliza Clay Mason, BelleMiller, Martha Walling, June Barnes,Ethel Finney, Madaline Laughlin,Edith B. Steuart, Martha Sears, Birdie Hynes. 'Messrs. Ernest Cook, Clif Walling,Heury Aldrich, French Anderson, LeeEdwards, Chas. Edwards, Jr., AmbursJones, Leonard Tune, Clarence Old3on, Thomas Stacy, Dewey Myers,Adam Walling, Walden Wells, Thos.Steagal, Wendell Murphy, Frank Martin, William Rogers, N. H. Fletcher,J. L. Gregory, John Bivin, BradleyCook, Orville Mains, Henry Fletcher,James Laughlin, Will Huffaker, Jas.B. Johnson, Clarence Dearing, Chas.Dearing, Jas. L. Rice, C. S. Brumelle,David Sampson, Edward P. Laughlin,Millard Coburn, Evans Mason, HenryHopkins, Isaac Waugh, Joseph McKee,Carlos Ritchie, H. C. Peters.BOURBON CHILDREN TO' THE RESCUE.A noble movement has been startedby the Lexington Leader in formingthe Children's Little Belgium Societyof Central Kentucky.The movement will bring relief tomany little homeless, fatherless andstarving Blgians.It is the most worthy subject ofcharity that. Central Kentucky hasever been permitted to subscribe to.It is the finest sentiment possible tocreate in our children, when we askthem to help feed and clothe the starving babies of stricken Belgium."In this ca&e, as in so many others,the innocent suffer first and worst, andof all appeals, those from agonizedchildhood comes nearer reaching thehearts of men and women who are atall worth while."Bourbon children can now easily become members of this "Little BelgiansSociety" by leaving their names, ageand address at the News office, accompanied by the membership fee often cents.Children over sixteen may becomehonorary members by leaving theirnames and address, accompanied by amembership fee of not less than twenty-fivecents.There is a limit in only one direction for the membenship fees of honorary members a mininum fee oftwenty-five cents. The maxinum limitis the blue sky.The favored people of Bourbon willnot forget these foreign friends intheir greatest time of need, and theywill accept this noble opportunity toimpress on the minds of their ownchildren the thought of doing forothers championing defenseless littleones, and relieving the suffering of f el-low children.Remember this is no time for delay.One million Belgian children- are homeless, without food or clothing. A fewcents now are worth more than dollarsin the future.Do not delay joining the Society. Ifyou are over sixteen you can only become an honorary member, becausethis is a children's movement for chillren, but when you become an honDrary member makes it as "honorary"is your purse will allow you.TRY THIS FOR YOUR COUGH.Thousands of people keep coughingbecause unable to get the right remedy. Coughs are caused by Infiammaion of Throat and Bronchial Tubes,yhat you need is to soothe this Inlammation. Take r. King's NewDiscovery, it penetrates the delicatenucous lining, raises the Phlegm andmickly relieves the congested memranes. Get a 50c. bottle from your'ruggist. "Dr. Kings New Discoveryuickly and completely stopped myough" writes J. R. Watts, Floydale.'exas. Money back if not satisfied,ut it nearly always helps. ,(Nov.) adv.A Bride never wants to leave herasband long. A Wife is afraid to.Always getting Hail' Columbialor tellJim the truth, --"- ; rNewspapers and thermometers areFIVE MINUTE CUREV ."IF STO'MACH IS BAD."Pape's Diapepsin" is Quickest, Surest Indigestion CureKnown.You don't want a slow remedywhen your stomach is bad or an uncertain one or a harmful oneyorr stomach is too valuable; youmust not injure it with drastic Irugs.Pape's Diapepsin is noted for itsspeed in giving relief; its harmlessness; its certain unfailing action inregulating sick, siur, gassy stomach.Its millions of rures in indigestion,dyspepsia, gastritis and other stomach trouble has made it famous theworlllover.Keep this perfect stomach doctor inyour home keep it hand get a largefirty-cent case lrom any drug storeand then if anyone should eat something which doesn't agree with them,if what they eat lays like lead, ferments and sours and forms gas;causes headache, dizziness anl nausea,eructions of acid and undigested foodremember as soon as Pape's Diapepsin comes in contact with thestomach all such distress vanishes.Its promptness, certainty and ease inovercoming the worst stomach lisorders is a revelation to those who tryit.REPORT OF THE WM. SAUR SALEAuctioneer M. F. Kenney makes thefollowing report of the sale of stock,crop and farming implements belonging to Mr. Wm. Sauer, and held at thelatter's place, near Paris, Tuesday:Horses, $40 to $56 each; milk cows,$50; brood sows, $18 to $25 each; sowand pigs, $23; ponies, $40 to $50 perhead; timothy hay, $16 per ton;chickens, 45 cents each; turkeys,$1.75 each. Farm , implement3 soldat fair prices. A small crowd was inattendance.Keep It Under Cover.In 1775 Frederick the Great wrote:"Constant attention must be paid tohiding as far as possible one's plansand ambitions. Secrecy is an indispensable virtue in politics as weir asin the art of war."DESPONDENCY DUETO INDIGESTION.It is not at all surprising that persons who have indigestion becomediscouraged and despondent. Here area few words of hope and cheer forthem by Mrs. Blanche Bowers, Indiana, Pa. "For years my digestionwas so poor that I could only eat thelightest foods. I tried every thingthat I heard of to get relief, but notuntil about a year ago when I sawChamberlain's Tablets advertised andgot a bottle of them, did I find theright treatment. I soon began toimprove, and since taking a few bottles of them my digestion is fine." Forsale by all dealers.(Nov.) adv.A woman spends half of her life Avorrying for fear she won't get marriedand the other half worrying becauseshe did.TOENJOYProf. Frank land demonstrates that COD LIVER OILgenerates more body-heatthan anything else.In SCOTT'S EMULSION thepure oil is so prepared that theblood profits from every drop,while it fortifies throat and lungs.If you are subject to cold handsor feet; if yon shiver and catck coldeasily: take SCOTT'S EMULSIONfor on month and watck its goodeffects. NO ALCOHOL.14-40 REFUSE SUBSTITUTES."CurcfMrs. Jay McGee, of Stephenville, Texas, writes: "Fornine (9) years, 1 suffered withwomanly trouble. I had terrible headaches, and pains inmy back, etc. It seemed as ifI I would die, I suffered so. Atlast, I decided to try Cardui,the woman's tonic, and ithelped me right away. Thefull treatment not only helpedme, but it cured me."TAKECarduiThe Woman's TonicCardui helps women in timeOf greatest need, because itcontains ingredients which actspecifically, yet gently, on theweakened womanly organs.So, if you feel discouraged,blue, out-of-sorts. unable todo your household work, on wfaccount of your condition, stopworrying and give Cardui atrial. It has helped thousandsof women, why not you?Try Cardui. E-71rmf 'j 'wHh' Hh II Wn W - w 'W . BJFvitt pr flHHrJ WINTERrwssssssyssmMaSssrm IFj 1 I BOTH 'PHONES DA 137; NIGHT 299. I"Cured" H' 'I A Mrs. Jay McGee, of Steph- mp4 icxctb, viue;; lui M WVVBHHBBBwwVBBHHhPWWVHhHHIBvljj?hj;iw;mNever yyarpXrackotCurl or; Burn-',.uiu ,wooaraffflKtfffitfwflaThey can be laid right over an old wood-shingle roof without dirt or bother, and they make it stormproof and fireproof.S They're inexpensive. For particulars addressBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.Bourbon LaundryDVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetBourbonParis"When theToTMen's thoughts turn to the problem of heating duringthe coming cold season. They figure to get the mostheat for their money.Try Fox Ridge Coal.Dodson DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St. Both Phones 1 49GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED ESBiLMEK.t Pans Odorless Cleaning Co. SLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we' send your' clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.rAl! Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked,to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.'Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.DON'T DELAY TREATINGYOUR COUGH.A slight cough, often becomes serious, Lungs get congested, BronchialTubes fill with mucous. Your vitality!s reduced. You need Dr. Bell's Pine.-Tar-Honey.It soothes your irritatedv passages, loosens mucous andlmakes your system resist Colds. GivePine-Tar-Honey. It's guaranteed tohelp them.OnlyJSScat yaurDruggistTxuj.j .j,., vv, .r,"."vrV .onjngies- We TaKe Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes bfcck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like oappreciateeLaundry,Kentucky.Leaves Begin99urnOnleklT relirvwi "RhAnTnitlmn. Sorecles. h'earalcia. Backache. Headache andall isaina. Your mnn li.irV if it fails tohera anr acha in any nart of the bodj j,iukq miaate tuae.Jfrie SOc A.t All Iru9ists.?m pli aad etralar mtea iqwt.BOWMON REMEDY COMPANYnm n ir"iKg)yHHMjjjjjHBHfeMk.iirV,iJZ-.-;&a-iwTVkK.HrCJfr- r .v jjfcjCi Jfrfitt?LMkrF--friPrrtT i'" i -. ",K. 1 -.,. . - , . '4s.THE BOUMKH&. NEWS PARIS, ,KY:, NOVEMBER3 T " 3 .-'-'.. - J KTf J I AJ ' ' , - .-4?.. .4W3v: -;J v y- : rr-4 -.'' ; ?i, XT"1 "" i17-I.M4 - . -,-- ......',; .;; -... $mM M m. V M-Jt r-S Hf rui and Shade Trees, Shrubs,Grape Vines, Rhubarb, Asparagus, Peonies, Phlox,Roses, EtcEverything for Orchard, Lawnand Garden.No Agents. Free Catalogs.Lexington, Kentucky,n-oelniCurtis ScO verbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHof and Cold Baths at AHoursN o Long Waits.A Share of the Publicronage Solicited.PalCorner Fourth and MainModern Equipment,Polite Service. yEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office PhonesHome 136.E. T. 334.Home 334. -ResidenceDR. A. li KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's .Bid gParis - - KentuckjJ. S. Wallingford, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,ones31 PARIS, KYT J. WELt-IAMS,I . ATTORNEY-AT-L AWOffice, Basement of Court House.Bank Row Entrance.CANCER CUREDI guarantee every case ! un-dertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris.I DR. WM. R. SMITH, Jp Paris, Ky.-JWHYLr take chances -withr your fowls?Bourbon Poultry CureIs absolute and quick death tothe eenns o roup, coias. ufother Inlectious cuc.r- mnc In the- Arinkmz 'waterI kills the disease Benfand prevents sickness. One 50c bottlemakes 12 graUoDS or roeuicuic.At drueirists, or by xn. posvpaid. Valmable ponltry bookizrlree.BOUMON IZSZDY CO.. Un1For Rent.Cottage oh Vine Street, Apply toJOHN T. JHNTON.INov. 3-tf)For Sale.Restaurant and grocery at L. & Ni 'rtion. Doing good business. Sell-cs on account of ill health. Cal- -' Tenn. Phone 73, (13-3t)For Sale.PonyCaAAl.and .BlaalDtt lorPony cart-lnirtt li o. '"VVllWH. F. HILLENMEYERa SONSSew Barber Shop--mMEmMMmBMmmmWi'lJKtUneeda BiscuitNourishment fine flavor purity crispnesswholesomeness. Allfor 5 cents, in themoisture-proofpackage.Graham CrackersA food for every day.Crisp, delicious andstrengthening. Freshbaked and fresh " delivered, io cents.A delightful new biscuit, with a rich anddelicious cocoanut flavor. Crisp and alwaysfresh, xo cents.Buy biscuit baked byNATIONAL BISCUITCOMPANYAlways look for that NameJ.EXCAVATIONOF VERACRUZ POSTPONEDWASHINGTON, Nov. 13. PresidentWilson and Secretary Bryan have decided not to fix a date for the evacuation of Vera Cruz by the Americantroops until it is determined whichfaction can dominate that section ofMexico sufficiently to carry out theguarantees asked by the United Statesas a prerequisite to its withdrawal.Gen. Candido Agpilar is in commandof most of the troops in the immediatevicinty of Vera Cruz and is believedto be loyal to Gen. Carranza, who isin open conflict with the national convention, which declared Gen. EulalioGutierrez provisional president ofMexico.The President is unwilling to withdraw the troops until the variousguarantees asked for can be enforcedj and there is no danger that s6meother faction on becoming dominantmill disclaim responsibility for nebotiations hitherto conducted with Gen.WANT CAROTHERS REMOVED.MEXICO, CITY, Nov. 13. ForeignMinister Fabela, through his newsi paper, El Pueblo, Thursday morning1 called on President Wilson and Sec-retary of State Bryan to remove fromoffice George C. Carothers, confidential ,agent of the State Departmentwth Villa. Without any mincing ofwords, Carothers is charged withpersistent intriguing in Mexican politics, "for motives which are neitherdiplomatic nor disinterested."REMARKABLE CURE OF CROUP."Last winter when my little boy hadcroup I got him a bottle of Chamberlain's Cougii Remedy. I honestly believe it saved his life," writes Mrs. J.B. Cook, Indiana, Pa. "It cut thephlegm and relieved his coughingspells. I am most grateful for whatthis remedy has done for mm.Forsale by all dealers.(Nov.) adv.Ananias is a much maligned character. The souse who brags that he liasbeen married ten years and has neverhad a fuss with his wife is afraid to gohome because he knows that the Ligutof His Life is wating for him witnblood in her eye.Found at Last.Thfi Electric Dry Cleaning Coisthe place to have your clothes cleanid and pressed. OJd suits and overcoats made to look like new. A trialwill prove this to you. Ladies' silkmd fancy dresses a specialty. Allvork called for and delivered by wagm. Alteration .and repair work of alllinds neatly done.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.,M. A. Cahal & C. C. Applegate,627 INCain Street, Paris, Ky.""I w ' .. --i j nrnlnes'urauf " "as-lmcilPSPGERMANS SAID TO HAVE LOST90,000.LONDON, Nov. 13. Telegraphingfrom the north of France under dateof Thursday, the correspondent of theTimes says:"Arhording to German officers whohave fallen into the hands of theallies', about half a miion men werefighting against the allies at the beginning of the great battle on theYser."These officers put the Germancasualities at 90,000. In one case aregiment of infantry made up fromthe marine service and which was1,800 strong, had only eight men left."Five generals were killed and thelosses among the officers were extraordinary heavy." .iMILLION MORE TROOPS.' LONDON, Nov. 13. It is reportedin the parliamentary lobbies thatPremer Asquith will on Tuesday askParliament's sanction for the raisingof 1,000,000 additional troops for thepurpose of the war.Much interest is shown in thefinancing of the war. It is understood the Government intends toissue a- war loan of $1,000,000,000 irmore, probably at 4 per cent, and redeemable within ten years.82-YEAR OLD BRITISH GENERALTO FRONT.LONDON, Nov. 13. Field MarshalLord Roberts of Kandahar is goingto France. The official announcement making this fact public says thefamous General is going into the warzone "to see the Indian troops."Lord Roberts was born in Cawnqore,j luuia, ci&in-j -. ju.i.a u-t'MONEY TO TRANSPORT FOODSTUFFS TO STARVINGBELGIANS.LONDON, Nov. 13. The AmericanCommission for Relief in Belgium hasreceived a check on the Bank of England for $3,000,000, which was contributed by prominent Belgians interested in the relief of their countrymen.With the work in Belgium well uner way the commission is now prepared to assume the permanent taskof keeping Belgians supplied withfood. In this connection it has madethe following statement:"The American Commission for Relief in Belgium. Thursday, receiveda check for $3,000,000, which, it is jestimated, will be necessary for thetransportation of food-stuffs for thenext three months from various partsof the world into Belgium. This !money has been advanced ti the commission under the guarantee givenby various Belgian Relief Committeesand important Belgians."GERMAN AVIATORSNEAR LON-DON.BERLIN, Nov. 13. (By wireless.)According to information given out!to the press to-day in official quarterslierniail aviators na-ve uuwu uci "English seaports of Sheerness and:Harwich. ISheerness is a fortified seaport in!Kent at the mouth of the Thames.It is about 40 miles from London ,I iiarwiCll IS in nisaeA iuiu auuui iuMiss Billy McNamara has returned from Cynthiana, where she hasbeen a member of a house party givenby Miss Ruth Johnson, the past weekMr. Edwin C. Doty was the guestof friends at Ruddles Mills, Thursdayevening.MRS. EDWARD BURNAM HUMENOTED IN RESEARCH WORK.A recent issue of the LouisvilleHerald contains the following appreciation of Mrs. Edward Burnam Hume,well-known in Paris, where she hasbeen a frequent and welcome visitor,and whose success in literary researchhas brought her more than local fame."Mrs. Edward Burnam Hume, whois well-known and liked throughoutthe state, has the distinction of beingthe first woman in Louisville to makea profession of library research work,gathering data for papers for men andwomen who are too busy or are unwilling to go through the necessaryamount of labor to secure such thingsfor themselves."Mrs. Hume has served in the publiclibrary, and is well qualified for thework he has underXaken. It waseighteen months ago, when she was inone of the departments of the library,that she realized the need for someone to do research work."Her familiarity with the differentdepartments of the library, with itsrules and the training she receivedthere, admirably jquip her for suchwork."Mr. and Mrs. Hume came with theirson and daughter, to Louisville fromRichmond served years ago, and theyhave made many friends in Louisville.Mrs. Hume is interested in club work,and has for some time been identified with a number of organizations."Through her. large family connection and her own personal charm,she is widely known, and, since deciding to make research work a serious business for herself, Mrs. Humehas been kept busy. Every day requests for data on an endless varietyof subjects come to her from all overKentucky."Not only from men and women whoare remot'e from the advantages to behad from proximity of a public library,but from her own townspeople doesshft have calls and while there is agreat variety of subjects on whichqueries are sent, questions regardingagriculture are in the. majority."Mrs. Hume says she finds the workabsorbingly interesting, and at all hourof the day she may be seen in the different departments of the library poring over volumes great and small."Work similar to that being doneby Mrs. Hume has become a profitablebusiness to innumerable women andmen in such cities as Washington,New Yojk, Boston, Philadelphia andother large places, and although shehas taken up the work only withintlierlast -few weeks. Mrs. Hume hasSUCCeeueu 'Ottwmuaei. -ungm-eai. u.-r?xT MM MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMmMMMMM MMM&ltMMmMMMMMMMWIWMMMrWe Furnishthe HomeWheeler's BigFor the Next TenLet us show you how you can furnish the home as youwould like it, and how small the cost will be.We are going to make this ten dsys' sale a sale that willbe a big saving to the one that will take advantage of theseprices. Let us show you.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main StreetBear in mind that Chamberlain'sTablets not only move the bowels butimprove the appetite and strengthen!, riicp-pctirm T?nr q1p hv nil ripn1m-(Novj adv',, AinWHnna vmifh neoi fn hitohW3 Qn tQ a star Nowadays hewtches it tQ a six.cylinder engine.PUBLIC-OFReal Estate and Personal PropertyOF' MeCLINTOCK.PEED..Begining at 1 p. m., onSaturday, Nov. 21, 1914,at the Stock Yards in Millersburg theundersigned will sell at public auctionthe following:8 acres of land with a first-classwarehouse with good basement, also astable with 4 box stalls."1 good Percheron Stallion.4 work mules.3 yearling mules.1 good draft mare 5-year-old in foalto Jack.1 stud pony.1 good driving mare.2 farm wagons.1 dump cart and harness.3 breaking plows.X McCormick mower.1 Randall Harrow.1 2-horse corn planter.1 2-horse cultivator.1 1-horse cultivator.2 good drags.Single tree and double trees, chainsetc.1 extra set of hard-made wagon harness. Gear for 6 or 8 horses.1 large tarpaulin, good as new.25 shocks of corn.2 tons of cow peas in barn.Five shares of Carlisle Farmers'Warehouse Stock.PEED & MeCLINTOCK.At the same time and place as administratrix of the late J. J. Peed, Iwill sell the following:35 head of thoroughbred. SouthDown J5wes, also one good buck.1 pair good work mares.1 bull calf.1 heifer calf.1 cow and calf.1 cow. ;6 head meat hogs!6 shoats.1 sled.1 iron roller.1 scraper.1 corn harrow.2 good driving wagons" and harness;other tilings too numerous to. mention. - ",.Terms, made .known on mate orisate,:IV'J ' wujuia Jii. .1. ixixiJfm, r .. , . ,EattV -v w AfuniniJcTfjyyri t l a rwTW'k m.WY4- i. .tr- A'iSrlCHAS. GREEN, Manager..:.:, NOWIS THE TIMJEiTo Buy Yonr Fallfo I' . Is ' ' 1Asses' is&&5MkMMamFeld's Shoe Store,!On'MainStreet,' Between Sixlh end Seventh.iia90ttftfttt4aaoay$?WALTER MARTINI NEW LIVERY STABLE!New Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention; Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.Horses Boarded ByHauling of Every Description Doneness a Specialty.Our stables on Eighth' Street will continue ,under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main' Streeplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS.able-:Eigth5t,aiiiSt.:.. . , ,'-,'; rrv', ' iVCompleteSavinDays!Opposite Conrt HouseIT9tt:9hiand Winter Shoes..The only thing youwant to know is the shoestore that sells the moststylish and most reliableshoes shoes that lookgood and are good andgive you satisfaction inevery respect. This shoestore isERNEST MARTINIDay, Feek or loath! . ITransfer Bust- t'9, v JmBothlttOMSMtMMMg1,.'"iUi'. -f . '.VTr-j iSiSaib -ixt TArTTVrWT-VTS1 V " !lirv " - ' j-- -.-.".'.,x - --'&?1J wd: &;v.r? VJi- V . ZiK&;A?WeS'& A&Z . . T'& ? - -, ; -; j . - -fry - 'jJ.Fr K - . VL -'&kzmm& VPTHE BOURBON NEWS, PiW"ffffy"l""'TiWffB!PKENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 17 19UMl I I II 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 It I II 1 1 H l H 1 1 It 1 1 111 mWohy Wile & Co.formerly Jfaufman, Straus dc Co.exington, -KLy.ANNOUNCEA SALE . OF EXCEPTIONAL GOODTAILORED SUITSrRELIGIOUS9BSif,AT$19.75Values $25.00, $30.00, $32.50.and Sizes.All ColorsNow Going On.All our highest priced Tailored Suits,Evening Dresses and French Blousesoffered at big price reductions.areRare Opportunities inWinter Coatsat $5, $10 and $15Fancy" mixtures and solid colors; Balmacaan, Ripple and Belted styles. Colorsare black, navy, b-iown, gray" and green.WOLF. WILE & CO.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, KentuckySJHiHri!SHi!'s!jiT!H flVWMSMMWMmlMHOUSEKEEPERS.Ctet the New Process Gas Heateraxi Range the kind that saves youiey and work!A. P. WHEELER & CO.Maybe the reason why the womendon't discard the tight skirt and wear!trousers is because it would take moreThe protracted i meeting atHutchison Chapel, which "began Nov.1st, continues with growing interest.Services every night during the weekand Sunday.The ladies at Old Union will givea supper Saturday night for benefitof the Sunday school and day school.Oysters, ice cream, cake and everything nice.Mrs. Frank Fithian was hostessto the Missionary Society of thePresbyterian Church yesterday afternoon, at her home on Mt. Airy avenue, at 2:30 o'clock.The protracted meeting which hasbeen in progress at the HutchisonChapel closed Sunday. Rev. Mr.Linge's sermons were forceful ones,and were heard by large audiences.A large number of additions weremade to the membership.The ladies of the ChristianChurch are invited to come to thechurch parlors to-day and take partiin an all-day sewing, the articles thusmade to be sent to the Widows' andOrphans' Home, in Louisville. Thisis a most worthy cause, and shouldmeet with a liberal response.Jjj Jellico, Tenn., was chosen as theJ next place of meeting of the KentuckyJ State Baptist Association shortly be-! fore it closed a four-day session at theFirst Baptist Church, in Somerset,I at noon Saturday. Possibly the mostimportant business transacted attins session was the appointment ofa committee to devise ways andmeans whereby several branches ofchurch work in the State may be incorporated under one head, the belief being general that greater workcan thus be accomplished. Thiscommittee will report at the next session. A signal honor has been beenconferred upon Dr. J. W. Porter, ofthe first Baptist Church, of Lexing-j ton, and will serve in that capacityduring the coming year.Services were held at the Parischurches Sunday morning and night.The meeting at the Christian Church,which had been in progress for thepast two weeks, closed Sunday night.At the Baptist Church, Dr. O. R.Mangum preached in the morning on"Conditions of Fruitfulness" and atnight on "Witness and the Record."The ceremony of baptism was administered a.t the morning service.The protracted meeting which hasbeen in progress at the PresbyterianChurch, closed Sunday night. Evangelist T. H. Atkinson's sermons wereof a high order, and the increased attendance at each meeting attested theinfluence exerted by the speaker.Rev. Geo. H. Harris occupied hispulpit at St. Peter's Episcopal Churchat both the morning and evening services, and delivered impressive sermons to his congregation.At the Methodist Church, Rev. J.S. Sims filled his pulpit at both services. Several recent converts werebaptized and received into membership in the church. The EpworthLeague was addressed at its meetingby Mr. E. L. Mast, Secretary of theParis Y. M. C. A., on the subject,"The Volunteer Call."5sAwvmTS SPECIALThanksgiving Sale!Unheard-of Values in EveryDepartment.Tremendous Reductions on Suits, Coats, Dressesj dim uauiw ivcaay-iu-vvcar uarmenis.IMSIf "I t 'MillineryLadies Trimmed Matsat Half Price.$ 5.00 Hats at $3.507.50 Hats at 4.5010.00 Hats at 6.9812.50 Hats at 7.9815.00 Hats at 9.98..Gage Bros.' Velvet Sailors, Blackand Colors, suitable for Ladies' andMisses,' regular $3.00 and $3.50 Hats,at $1.48.Ladies' Wassts$1.50 Waists, at $ .982.00Waists, at 1.482.50 Waists, at 1.933.00 Waists at 2.486.00 Waists, at 4.987.50 WaistsT at 3.98Ladies' Suits$15.00 Suits at $ 7.5020.00 Suits at 12.5025.00 Suits at 17.5030.00 and $35.00 Suits at 22.5040.00 and $45.00 Suits at 29.50Ladies' Skirts$ 5.00 Skirts at $3.98' 7.50 Skirts at 4.9810.00 Skirts at 6.9812.00 and $15.00 Skirts at 9.98Crepe and MessalinePetticoatsAft Shades.$2.50 Petticoats at $1.694.00 Petticoats at 6.695.00 Petticoats at 3.50:199999999999911Ladies' Dresses$ 7.50 Dresses at $ 3.9812.50 Dresses at 7.5015.00 Dresses at 9.9820.00 Dresses at 14.5025.00 and $30.00 Dresses at 19.75Chlidren's Coats$ 5.00 Coats at $3.9S7.50 Coats at 4.9810.00 Coats at 7.5012.50 Coats at. .- 9.5GLadies' Coats$15.00 Coats at $ 9.9520.00 Coats at '. 14.5G25.00 Coats at 19.735.00 Coats at 24.5aOne lot of Misses' and Juniors'College Coats, regular $15.00 Coats, at$9.98.399999999999Um9999t9mHARRY SIMONJEWELRY AUCTION.You can't make a love-sick Princess Two sales daily, 2:30 p. mbelieve it, but calomel is the best rem- 7:30 p. m., at Winters' auction,edy for a Broken Heart (13-tf)and- vyEmbry (3& Co.olnnounce TheirReadiness to Show.-9;?'ANew Winter c7HillineryEspecially Designed ForWeddings, ReceptionsTheatre WearEntirely new effects trimmed, with fur,paradise, plumes, goura and other handsomenovelties.distinctive feature will be the greatvariety of styles shown. In all this collectionof dressjr hats no duplicates wil be seen..Embryo G& Co?J1PARIS, KENTUCKYWHO WANTS TO FIGHT?anA group of High Sciiool boys werestanding in front of Mann'sroom Friday, discussing the various bad and good points of the opposing teams in the Lexington-PansHigh School gaue al White Park thatafternoon. From that the conversation drifted to the European war, suggested by a display of war picturesin the window. One of the boys -remarkedthat he "would just as soonjoin the army and go to the war asnot."A wise old Confederate, who happened to be standing near, overheardthe remark, and thought that it wouldbe eminently proper from his pointof view, to bore in; which he didthusly:"Say, boys, take it from an old campaigner, who has seen four years ofthis hell tlrcy call war, if any ot yousilly youngsters imagines you wouldlike to go to war and be a 'soldierman,' just start out one of thesecold mornings before breakfast, go upStoner, and dig a trench in a swampyspot, stand in it up to your waist incold water all day and all night without a mouthful to eat, while all theboys in the meghborhood come aroundand try to shell you out of your position with rocks. That would be ataste of modern war. And one trialwould take the war spirit out ofyou."There were several jnoments ofsolemn reflection, and as one of thestudents' remarked: "Guess you'reright, Mr. . Let's go and play"PIE SUPPERS" POPULAR.a game of pool and forget it."And Uncle Sam's Army therebylost another warlike addition.CUT FLOWERS.Cut flowers and funeral designsphone me your order.(13-2t) JO. S. VARDEN.'Pift Klinnprs" have hcJnnmo vnrvP?. ! Popular throughout ine rural districtsof Bourbon County in order to raisefunds for school purposes and otherenterprises, and at the same time furnishing social diversion and enjoyment not only for tne young folks ofthe rural villages, but for the olderpeople and for the ever-busy and overtaxed housewives. At the same timethe making of pies and other ediblesand entering them in a friendly rivalry and competition is a very praiseworthy way of putting into practicethe theoretical knowledge obtainedin the countr schools in that branchof education known as "DomesticScience."Another popular form of revenueraising along the same 'line is theever-blooming "box party," fraughtwith as much fun to the square inch,because of the uncertainty as to whatthe box you pay $3 for contains, asan "old hoss" sale in an expresscompany's office.Did you ever pay $5 for a promising looking box at an "old hoss sale"and then go away into an obscure corner and open it, expecting to findabout $83,000 in government bonds,and then to be confronted with aboutthirty-five cents' worth of patent medicine circulars? If you have, andyou bid on a box at a box supper youmay know what to expect.At a "pie supper" held in the Millersburg Public School last week, onepie brought the handsome sum of $4.Some pie!A number of these "pie" and "box"suppers are scheduled for differentpoints in the county in the next fewdays. The object for which they aregiven is a worthy one, and moneymight be spent on far less worthycauses.DEATHSTHOMAS.Mr. Robert Thomas, of WeE Virginia, who died in New Mexico recently, was a brother of Mrs. BooneBaldwin, of Paris.GALBRAITH.Mr. Jos. Galbraith, a brother ofCharles Galbraith, of this county,died at his home near Burika. inNicholas county. The funeral services were held at the Blue LicksChurch, conducted by Eld. Bela Metcalfe. Burial at Ellisville.BALLARD.News reached Viere yesterday ofthe death of Mrs. "Walter Ballard ather home in Middlesboro. She formerly resided in Richmond, whereshe had many relatives and whereher body will be taken for burial.Her surviving children are: Mrs. J.W. Snodgrass and Miss Louise Ballard, of Middlesboro; John Ballard, ofPineville; Bland Ballard, of Paris, andMrs. W. S. Broaddus, of Richmond.CUT FLOWERS.Cut flowers and funeral designsphone me your order.(13-2t) JO. S. VARDEX.DEACONS ELECTED.WHO WILL BE THE "GOAT?""There is something doing in newspaper circles over in Paris, Bourboncounty. The Democrat, which hasbeen issued for some years as aweekly, has appeared as a tri-weekly.The Kentuckian-Citizen, which is theoldest paper in the State, contemplates making its bow as a dailywithin the next few weeks. It is atpresent issued semi-weekly. We seeno reason why Paris should not support a small daily. Paris is a goodcity, located in a wealthy county,and we know of smaller towns in Kentucky and in other States which aremaintaining daily papers handsomely." Frankfort State Journal.TOM 'GEORGE MOVES TODOW BUILDING.Come to mv new grocery store inthe Dow Building, opposite HotelWindsor. New goods and everythingat lowest possible prices.Sugar, 14 pounds for $1.Apples, 75 cents per bushel.Good Coffee. 15 cents per pound.All kinds of fruit cheap.Come and see me at my new store.TOM GEORGE.Eleven deacons, seven of .whoseterms had expired, and four who wereselected to fill vacancies caused hydeath or resignations, were elected atj the Christian Church Sunday morning at the regular election usuallyheld in November ot each year. Theofficerj selected were T. J. RedmonGeo. W. Wyatt, Chas. P. Cook, Houston Rion, John J. McClintock, FrankP. Kiser, Roy Clendenin, W. C. Dodson, L. J. Fretwell, F. J. Savage andE. C. Cleveland.The vacancy of Elder, caused bythe death of Prof. M. G. Thompson,former president of Bourbon Collegewas filled by the election of Prof. T.A. Hendricks, Superintendent of thePans City Schools.THANKSGIVING CLASS.LEG BROKEN.oMain Street, East.Lexington, Ky.V' fc'..-'- Sr "sf;-Orie Ros'e, of the Ruddles Mlillsprecinct, sustained a broken leg- bybeing thrown from his buggy whenthe horse ran away. The other occupants of the buggy escaped injury.HAVE A LOOK!Evervone is invited to Winters' auction whether they buy or not.(13-tf)COMING TO THE GRAND.NO TIME LIKE THE PRESENT.The opportunity will present itselfq, you during Wintersr auction, beginning November 16, to buy yourChristmas gifts."Mutt & Jeff in Mexico." is the titleof the new production Gus Hill hasgiven to Bud Fishor's famous cartoonpicture play, which re-appears at theParis Grand,, Thursday. The plav issurely funnier than ever and with abigger and better cast of performersthan when seen liere last season, ifnewsDaper comment from other citiescan be relied on. 'On Thanksgiving night, Nov. 26,Rathbone Lodge, K. of P., will con-ter the Page Rank on a large class ofnew 'members, in honor of the eighthanniversary of the opening of theKnights of Pythias Widows' and Orphans' Home, in Lexington. TheHome now has 100 inmates, childrenof deceased brothers, and it is thepride of every KnighL Members whohave applications for this class shouldpresent them at the meeting of thelodge Thursday night.TYPEWRITER SUPPLIES.TvDewfiter supplies, ribbons. &c.CHIEF JUSTICE PRYOR DEAD.Judge W. S. Pryor, former ChiefJustice of the Kentucky Court of Appeals-,died yesterday morning at hishome in Newcastle, Ky. He had hada long and honorable career and wasone of the best kncwn jurists iu theState.EVERY LOAD GUARANTEED!We guaramtee' every load of coaLto give satisfaction. Phones 3&.xm. 4.(13-2t),v ? VARDEN & SON:(is-taJ: H: BATTBHTQiL., .1..!'..,xc t,.fv. ,SijMf-"-v f-ovv r -4k- ' -;i jr jrit-". "S fcu-5Sr "-&: ,&U.3to53l&-.(13-tf)THENEWS PAWS,fCB55355!!E"!-!!S4-Stjf'JjS-J-fs&Mjlrs&w&rirS&HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADESOGIALm PERSONALCOUNTY TAX DUEThe county tax lists jjare now ready. Payyour taxes bcforcDe-!cember 1, and savejjthe six per cent, pcn-i?afty that will attach jReaders of the BourbonNews will confer a favor ifthey will call No. 124, bothphones, and telephone us anyitems of news they may learn,particularly the coming andgoing of visitors. If youhave guests, show them thecourtesy of giving their namesto our paper.on an uiipaiu ..on that date.W. r. TALBOTT,Sheriff Bourbon County.THAT BIG CHEESE.Wo have just cut a 300-pound.heese. Get a piece of it.(17.lt) C. P. COOK & CO.HERE'S YOUR CHANCE.Auction sale at Winters', beginningKo ember 16th.(13-tf)PIE SUPPER.thepieThe teachers and pupils ofs oears Mill school will give aupper at the school on Wednesdayr.glit, Nov. 25, for the benefit of the"hool.NEW SAUERKRAUT.ileinz's new sauerkraut, 5c lb.( tf ) A. W. COTTINGHAM.ATLANTA COCO COLA.We handle the genuine Atlanta(oco Cola. We give you what you.,-k for.rn JVS. E. CRAVEN.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.The nights are almost long enoughnow to attend the Grand, the Alamo!. nd the Columbia the same nightprovided the schedule could be so arranged.BOX SUPPER.A box supper, the proceeds of whichvail be devoted to the benefit of thechool, will be given at the Shawhan'Chool on Friday evening, Nov. 20.The public is cordially invited to beI resent.OVERCOAT HEADQUARTERSA good sensible style for every purlose at prices from $12.50 to $40;Mackanaws, too, at $10.J. W. DAVIS & CO.HOT CHILI.Real Mexican Chili Con Corne.Lfade from a Mexican receipe. Newcrop of chili beans used. Made freshe-.ery day.( t) JAS. E. CRAVEN.Miss Helen Wides, of Chicago; isa guest of her sister, Mrs. Max Munich. Mrs. Boone Baldwin has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in West Virginia. Miss Sythie Kerns, of this city,is a guest of Mrs. W. K. Bavless. inL Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Hardy areguests of friends in Cincinnati andHartwell, Ohio.Mrs. George Rion has returnedfrom a visit to her son, Mr. StokelyRion, in Lexington.Mrs. Thompson Tarr attended thefuneral of Mr. A. S. Ashbrook, inCynthiana, Saturda.Miss Anna Eads Peed has returned from a visit to friends in Harrodsburg and Louisville.Miss Pink Bridwell, of this county, is at the Massie Memorial Hospital very ill of typhoid fever.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. E. Butler areat home after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.C. U. Bramblette, in Carlisle.Misses Nora and Aimee Woodshave returned from a visit to Mrs.Blanton Holt, in Lexington.Mrs. Yutaki Minakuchi and littleson have arrived for a "visit to relatives in this city and county. 'Coroner Rudolph Davisand HughFerguson left yesterday for a huntingtrip around Lauriston, Laurel county.Mr. and Mrs. S. E. McClanahanhave returned from a visit to Mr.and Mrs. F. F. McClanahan in Carlisle. Mr. and Mrs. Edsell Clarke andchildren have returned from a visitto Miss Mary E. McCtormack, in ClarkCounty.Mr. T. T. Templin, who hasbeen confined to his room, for sevreal days with asthma, is somewhatimporved.Mr and Mrs. John J. Redmon ofNorth Mildletown, are guests of Mr.and Mrs. Thamos Helm Minary, inLouisville.Misses Nannette Wallingford andMildred Lisle have returned from avisit to Mr. and Mrs. James Falconer,near Leesburg.Mr. and Mrs. George Young havereturned to their home in Carlisle after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. E. M.J Wheeler, on Houston avenue.Miss Willie McNamara, who wasa member of a house party entertained last week by Miss Ruth Johnson, in Cynthiana, has returned home.LAND SALE.Mr. W. H. Brannock has purchasedot Mrs. Fannie Palmer Smart a tractof unimproved land comprising 45acres, lying on the Paris & RuddlesMills pike, for $83.50 per acre.Possession was given yesterday. Thesale was made through the real estateagency of Harris & Speakes.Mr. Wm. Sauer, who has beenresiding on his farm on the RuddlesMills pike since retiring from the grocery business, has returned to thecity, and has accepter a position withN. A. Moore & Co., at his old stand.f&ynade u another ptky aCanothtrtable. tv ' - i - - "JVlrs. A. T.'-timontvieft yesterdayfor a visit in Chicago.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Merrick arevisiting Mr. Merrick's mother, in Mt.Vernon, Ky.Mrs. Lew Taylor will nt.nrti'nat her home on the Mavsviiin nilj Friday afternoon.1 Mr. and Mrs. Jimmie Viox, whohave been guests of Mrs. Alex. Tingle, are now in Ohio, on a huntingtrip.Mrs. Nannie McClintock anddaughter have moved to their newresidence in the Bourbon College addition. Mr. C. L. Steenbergein, o theParis Gas & Electric Co., has gone toHuntington, W. Va., for a threeweeks' visit.Mrs. Gerturde Dale and littledaughter, who have been guests ofMr. and Mrs. L. D. Harris, have returned to their home in Covington.Mr. Thomas Prichard, of Paris,attended the dance given by the Tanzen Club at the Phoenix Hotel, inLexington, Friday evening.A subscription "ThanksgivingDance" will be given at the MasonicTemple on Friday evening, Nov. 27.The promotors are Ireland Davis andJohn Stuart. 'Mrs. J. V. Lytle passed throughParis en route to Frankfort, to visither, daughter, Mrs. Brooks Dodson, who is recovering from a seriousoperation, performed at St. Joseph Infirmary, Louisville.Mrs. Switt Champe returned yesterday morning from a months' visit 'to her daughter, Miss FrancesChampe, who is a student at theMary Baldwin Seminary at Staunton,Virginia, and to Mrs. P. H. Lane, inPhiladelphia, Pa.Mr. Clark Wilson returned Saturday from New Orleans, where hewent to take a position with a railroad construction company in aclerical capacity. Mr. Wilson will return on January 1, of next year,when the work of the company willbegin.Eleven members of the Six-HandEuchre Club were guests of Mrs. E.F. Clay, Jr., at her home on the Cynthiana pike, near Paris, Friday afternoon. Preceding the games a bountiful lunch was served. The followingguests were present: Mrs. WarrenRogers, Mrs. Amos Turney, Mrs. JesseTurney, Mrs. Duke, Mrs. Robt. Meteer, Mrs. Jno. Williams, Mrs. Buckner Woodford, Jr., Mrs. BismarkFrank, Mrs. W. T. Talbott, MissesMary Clay and Sallie Lockhart.The guests spent a very delightfulday with their hostess.Miss Mary Ellis and Master Samuel Pope, of Paris, were guests ofhonor Saturday at a charming partygiven by Miss Lula May and Messrs.Robert and Ollie Honaker, Jr., attheir home on East High street, inLexington. After games and play inthe morning a luncheon was given,followed by a box party at the AdaMeade Theatre, in the afternoon.Reports at a late hour last nightfrom the bedside of former Chief ofPolice J. C. Elgin, Sr., stated that hewas barely alive and with smallchances of recovery. Mr. Elgin recently suffered a stroke of paralysis,and has been in a critical conditionsince.?,rTHECfCAZY SUPPER'The "Crazy Supper" given by tfieladies of the Little Bock ChristianUiurch, Saturday nisht. was one-ofjthe most unique affairs ever given inme county. The ladies realized ahandsome sum, which will be devoted! to Chlirnll nnrnAcac ijjuiuoo.fitfMNtoN4f$riifa0aThe-Clarke's Remedies. IFor Sale.No. 2 Radiant Home Heating Stove,good as new. Also a good combination writing desk and book case.(17-3t) KID STOUT.NOTICE.I will not be responsible after thisdate for any bills charged to me, except upon my written order.E. W. CULBERSON,November 16, 1914. (17-3t)LOST.A fur Collar, between Drs. Fithian& Daugherty's office and Winters'jewelry store, Monday about 10 a. m.Leave at this office and receive reward.For Sale.MRS. STUART TO SPEAK HERE.Mrs. Cora Wilson Stuart, whose"Moonlight Schools" have given hera nation-wide fame, will -speak inPans, at the City School auditoriumon Tuesday morning, Nov. 24, in theinterest of the campaign being waged throughout Kentucky against illiteracy.ALL YOURS BUT DIAMONDS.Winters' entire stock, except diai toiids, will be sacrificed at auction,u rinning November 16.(13-tf)AN OVERCOAT YOU NEED.one of our Chinchilla Ulsterettes,- 520 up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.SILVER SUPPER.X Silver Tea" will be given at thedpnee of Mrs. S. Lilleston, on1 sreus avenue this afternoon fromtwo to five o'clock, by the Souls' Missionary Society of the Methodisti' n.FOR THE LITTLE BELGIANS.Mrs. W. W. Hinton will entertain to-morrow afternoon trom tour tofive o'clock, at her home on Cypressstreet, in honor of her cousin, Missi Louise Sheridan, of Sf. Louis, Mo.A successful operation for the relief of hernia was performed Fridaynight at the Massie Memorial Hospital on the five-year-old son of Dr. S.M. Linville, of Centerville.Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Falconer, ofCannel City, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Edward Falconer, on Sixteenthstreet. They will go to Tuscon,Arizona, for a stay at the conclusionof their visit here.At a family reunion held at thehome of Mr. W. H. Whaley, Sr., thepast week the members present were JMrs. J. Atwood Saunder, Jr., of Parkersburg, W. Va.; Mrs. W. G. Stevensand little son, Billy, of Cincinnati;Mr. and Mrs. Lacy Clarke, of Lex. ington, and Mr. and Mrs. Georgei Leeds, of Camp Nelson.I MERCURY TAKES A TUMBLE.From almost summer-like weather,with a temperature of 75 degrees onSaturday, the mercury fell rapidlySunday night, following a heavy rain,and hovers close to the freezingpoint. A hard rain accompanied byj a heavy wind, fell Sunday afternoonlate and on Sunday night. The hunters welcome the rain with delight.Tobacco growers and handlers werealso glad to see the rain, as it willhelp the handling of their productnow ready to strip.Complete outfit of carpenter toolsand blacksmith tools and all necessary things to operate a shop, belongingto Mrs. Mary Small. Inquire atJOHN AYERS'Barber Shop.We now own all the patents an d copyrights of the late Dr.Chas. J. Clarke. Dr. Upington will continue to put up these wkvliable remedies under the original Clarke formula, and we willhave them in stock at all times.Among the best known are Clarke's Nerve Ease, Clarke's Ton- -ic,Clarke's Face Powder, Parisine Cream, Clarke's Tooth Wash, -andClarke's Cough Medicine - .Also the following Poultry and Live Stock Remedies: Clarke's"1Limberneck and Roup Remedy, Clarke's Liquid Poultry Tonic,Clarke's Gape Remedy, Condition Powder for Stock, and Clarke'sHog Remedy.We want to supply these preparations to their many old friendsand know they are deserving of new friends. We recommendespecially Clarke's Nerve Ease for headache, and neuralgia, andClarke's Limberneck and Roup Remedy for Poultry disorders.These preparations have- all been thoroughly tested and hareproven their merit. . s?" "Your prescriptions accurately filled.The Ardery Drug Co.Clarke's Old Stand. 'Turkey MoneyYour turkey money youryear's hard work, can beinvested to a good advantageby going to the Closing OutSale ofThe Cincinnati Store,where you can buy Clothesand Shoes for the wholefamily at half price. Give usa call and satisfy yourself.IflitAIITkB, FRIEDMAN, Prop.iS"2'I'I'"I"'IlI'i'4"8'HE',"5wS44"i"l"I"I"I"iThomas, Woodford& BryanFIRE, WIND AND LIGHTNINGINSURANCEON TOBACCO AND BARNS.4tSPROMPT SETTLEMENTS."""CHILDREN'S OVERCATS.A special showing this week agesto 12 at prices trom $5 to $15.J. W. DAVIS & CO.'HANDSOME PRESENTS.A handsome present will he given !away at each sale at Winters'.(13-tf)The home of Mr. and Mrs. Chas.C. Clarke, on the z'aris and NorthMiddletown pike, was the scene Pri-uay aiLeriioon oi a must utjugiiui-ui (gathering, when Mrs. Clarke was thehostess to the members of the Country Bridge Club. Blooming plants and Iferns supplied the chief decorativeeffects, and a cloth of lace, decoratedin green, covered the circular diningtable. The guests were served asix-o'clock dinner on small tables.Those present were Mr. and Mrs.Lewis Rogers, Mr. and Mrs. WarrenRogers, Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Wood-The sum of $75 was raised at the j ? Mr- dQ JffSnvc,n,nnni,....u.- f.i ?..,. ney, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Kenney,ULUU1IL Vvlllll l.II !? rf. IlCC'ttlll U11C1 tU I - -itholic Church as a free-will offeringir the homeless and starving littleilnldren of Belgium. Of this sum theMr. and Mrs. Prank Collins, Mr. andMrs. Tolliver Young, Mr. and. Mrs.(atholic Ladies League, an energetic,"1' ;"1U" ;V "" "" "c"orkine auxiliary of the fihurcta. eave Woo.dfoJ" Mr. and Mrs. H S Cay-"King auxiliary ot the Church, gave25.0U.RIBEONS AND SUPPLIES.l'ull line of typewriter ribbons andapplies.YARDBN & SOX.EACK TO THE OLD HOME.1 wish to announce to my friendsand former customers that I am againn the grocery business, and from nowwi can be found with the firm of N.A. Moore & Co., where I will bePleased to greet and wait upon allcustomers.''"-It) WM. SAUER,BOX SUPPER TUESDAY NIGHT.You are invited to attend the boxvupper at K. of P. Hall, TuesdayJJRht, Nov. 17, at 8 o'clock, given byj'roon Council, Junior Order Unitf American Mechanics. The ladies-' furnish the parcel boxes, which' hp sold at auction to the highestd-r Refreshments furnished free' fi local lodge. Come and brin' r friends. Abe R. Dennison. Gc-o I)uncan Carl Lenox, committee.ii!ir'lh "' W? i- -i k&ifrwvr li LiAW:. rMdkiwood, Mr. and Mrs. Tom Buckner,Mrs. Allie Dickson, Misses MaryWoodford, Lena Talbott and NellieHorton, of Mt. Sterling; Messrs. RoyMcCray, Sam Clay, James Dodge,Walker Buckner, Woodford Buckner,John Talbott and Catesby Spears.The regular week-end Dansantand Tea Dance conducted in Lexington, at the Phoenix Hotel each Saturday by by Mrs. Edith AlexanderBronston, of Paris, and her dancingpartner, Mr. Ray Getty, of New York, ;was much enjoyed ly the large number of guests present. Mrs. Bronstonand Mr. Getty gave some beautifulexhibitions of dancing, to the inspiring strains of Miss Burchiganini'sorchestra.Mrs. Ford Brent, of Paris,Mrs. Hugh Brent and Mrs. Woodall,of Covington, had a table, while another party composed of Mrs. Arthur ;Hancock, Mrs. Jam-cs Thompson andner guests, airs. a. j. uarron ana missSallie Alexander, oi Louisville, formed another pleasant party. Miss Caroline Roseberry, of Paris, was a member of a merry party at another tablewliile Mr. Charlton Clay Mr, HansonThorn as, Mr. Lucien Lyne, Mr. Powell Rhodes and Mr. Baylor Van Me-Stay at homeand go to the theatreSounds funny, doesn't it?Yet that's exactly what youcan do when you own aVictor stay at home andenjoy the finest kind of a performance. The orrcatestsingr-ers, musicians and comedians in the world .are atyour command, and youcan arrange a program tosuit yourself.Stop in today and get a Victor forvour home. Anv style Victor ($10 to$100) or Victor-Victrola (15 to $250)j ou prefer on eapy monthly pa ments.The cost of a few theatre tickets amonth will pav for the permanentenjojment of the Victor.1 1 2 Qt. cof fewJmyllwittvpfate jM4 "'" Mptv&2M TiP jcttlc 11FREEFREEDaughertyBros.wti WithEvcrj Roll Front HcDoogal Kitchen CabinetWe Are Giving Absolutely PREE a Set of ThisAluminum WareThis Ware is the very highest grade, and you know theMcDOUGALL is the best Kitchen Cabinet manufactured.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking-Ambulance-Wood MantelsMcDougal Kitchen Cabinets. Poster Bros. Safety Cribs..3"s -I,.rH'."v-srfsiC'.'Jr.:AUCTION SALEWINTERIn order to raise cash immediately.I my stock, exceptREGARDLESS OF COST IOR MANUFACTURING PRICE.tyhictionTWO SALES DAILYBuy YourXhristmas Presents DuringMr. Jack Spaudau, the Able Auctioneer from New York,will conduct the sale:M',I"I"IiiI"2"S"S'iS,S'4"I'S"S"S4"S'"I4'4"S'4'IISTOBACCO?Is It Worth Insuring?Ask us to give you therates. We give especial attention to all farm business.Try us. Call 36 or 171 day,56 night'W. 0. HINTON& SON,NEW FIRM. 4HWvvvvvvv'IvAvvvv'i'vAWxXItPOPLE!Do You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit Jewellits Stoves & Rangestlome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.IMMLCBT !ELKS' BUILDING.C T. Phone 103Horn Phone101YOURCertainly?i iTTOTIflNSEi4'4444Aifi44A4A4AAAA'4AA4AAAAAAAA4AAVkAA'AlATlffl1fflff- aywr.-rdiamonds,Now Going On!2:30Save Money.JEWELERS & SILVERSMITHSOPPOSITE COURT HOUSEMarauder Put to Death.At Sutterton, England, a hen was ina garden with her newly-hatchedbrood when a jackdaw pounced upona chick. The hen gave battle at once,and a sharp encounter ended in thejackdaw being killed.B E W A R E0 F O I N t"M EN TSFO R C ATARRH THAT CONTAIN MERCURYas mercury will surely destroy thosense of smell and completely derangeme wnoie system when entering itthrough tiie mucous surfaces. Sucharticles should never be used excepton prescriptions from reputable physicians, as the damage they will do isten fold to the good you can possiblyderive from them. Hall's CatarrhCure, manufactured by F. J. Cheney &Co., Toledo, O., contains no mercury,and itj fs taken fnteijnallyy (actingdirectly upon the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system. If buyingHall's Catarrh Cure be sure you getthe genuine. It is taken internallyand made in Toledo, Ohio, by F. J.Cheney & Co. Testimonials free.Sold by Druggists. Price 75c perbottle.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (Nov.) a(iv.PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.LVe. Court House.Lve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m6.40 p m7:10 am7.45 a m8.15 a m8.45 a m9.15 a m9.45 a m10.15 a m10.45 a, m11.15 a m11.45 a m12:05 p m12.45 p m1.15 p m1.45 p m2.15 p m2.45 p m3.15 p m3.45 p m4.15 p m5.15 p m5.40 p m6.05 p m6.30 p mCity Limits Only.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a mLeve Parisfor Lexington,6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m78810111234567920 a m00 a m50 a m20 a m50 a m20 p ex50 q. m30 p m20 p m00 p m00 p m20 p m10 pm1100 p m-10:05 mDaily except Sunday,THR VBQURBOf, i NEWS,. AM& mInTUCKY, NOVEMBERI must sacrifice tIAND 7:30 P.M.the Auction and::CHILDREN HATE OIL,CALOMEL AND PILLS.'California Syrup or Figs" BestTender Stomach, Liver,forLook back at vour childlmnl rinvcRemeber the "dose" mother insistedon caster oil. calomel, cat.hn.rt-.ino.How yau hated them, how you foughtagainst taking them.With our children it's different.Mothers who cling to the old formof physic simply don't realize whatthey do. The children's revault iswell-foundel. Their tender little "msides" are injured by them.If your ihill's stomach, liver andbowels need cleansing, give only delicious "California Syrup of Figs." Itsaction is positive, but gentle. Millionsof nothers keep this harmless "fruitlaxative" handy; they knaw childrenlove to take it; that it never fails toclean the liver and bowels andsweeten Uie stomach, and that a teaspoonful given to-day saves a sickchild to-morrow.Ask yiur druggist for a 50-cent. bottle of "Califolnia 'Syrup of Figswhich has full directions for babies,children of all ages and tor grownups plainly on each bottle. Bewareof counterfeits sold here. See that itis made by "California Fig SyrupCompany." Re fuse any other kindwith contempt.The "G" in "Gnat.""Spelling's a queer thing," said oneboy. "What do they want with a'g' in 'gnat?" "It belongs there," replied the other. "It's what y.oii saywhen one stings .you. The only mistake is not putting an exclamationpoint after it."Winter TouristRatesRound trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily from Oct. 1st, 1914, tcApril 30, 1915, to all principal touristpoints in Alabama, Florida, GeorgiaLouisiana, Mississippi, New MexicoTexas "and Havana, Cuba, with finalreturn limit May 31, 1915, with verjlibeval stop-over privileges. Also lowround-trip Home-Seekers tickets tcpoints in Alabama, Florida, Louisianaand Mississippi, on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month, with finalreturn limit vfteen days from date oJsale. For further information, call odor address, -' ";v J' K.. SMITH, T, A.,"& .-L or.DRESSING. FOR SALADSEXPERT DESCRIBES THREE OPTHE BEST YET INVENTED.What Is Known as French DressingIs Perhaps the Most PopularEconomy in Preparing Quantity at a Time.Tomatoes, lettuce and cucumbers,apples and celery, asparagus, stringbeans and radishes all the range offruits and vegetables combine insalads in such endless variety thatthe only law of combination lies inindividual taste. Dressings, too, vary,but in them rule must be more nearlyfollowed. These three recipes forsalad dressing are given by Miss CoraE. Binzel, instructor in home econo-'mics, University,, of Wisconsin extension division:French Dressing. One tablespoonful vinegar, one-quarter teaspoonfulonion juice, three tablespoonfuls olivenil. one-eiehth teasDoonful pepper,, -one-quarter teaspoonful salt. Add salt, Ipepper and onion Duice to vinegar.Then add the olive oil, beating untilthick and well blended. Use a coldbowl and cold ingredients. The ingredients may be put into a widemouthed bottle, corked and shakenuntil an emulsion is formed. Thedressing may be mixed and set in theicebox until chilled; the oil and vinegar -will separate on standing and require further beating. Following thecorrect proportions French dressingmay be made in large amounts, keptIn a bottle in the icebox and shakenbefore using.Sour Cream Dressing. One-half pintsour cream, two tablespoonfuls lemonjuice, one tablespoonful sugar, oneteaspoonful salt, one-quarter teaspoonful pepper, one teaspoonful mustard.Beat the cream until it is light andthick; add the other ingredients.Sweet cream may be substituted.Cream Salad Dressing. Ten eggyolks, one-half cupful butter, one teaspoonful salt, one tablespoonful mustard, one-quarter teaspoonful pepper,one teaspoonful sugar, juice of twolemons or one-quarter cupful vinegar.Melt the butter, cool it, and whenecnc cream it Add the beaten yolksmixed with seasonings. Cook overwatei until thick, stirring constantly.Remove from fire, add lemon juice,ana mix wun wnippea cream as it isusedThe housewife should plan to prepare a quantity of dressing at a time,keeping it in the icebox, and addsweet or sour cream as it is used.Preparing some foods in quantity iseconomy ot time, fuel and energy.Salmon, Cucumber Sauce.One can salmon, one-half tablespoonful salt one-half tablespoonfulsugar, one-half tablespoonful flour,one teaspoonful mustard, few grainscayenne, yolks of two eggs, one andone-half tablespoonfuls melted butter,three-lourths cupful milk, one-fourthcupiul vinegar, three-fourths tablespocntul granulated c'atin, two tablespoonfuls cold water. Remove salmon from tin, rinse thoroughly withhot water and separate in flakes. Mixdry ingredients, add egg yolks, butter,milk and vinegar. Cook over boilingwater, stirring constantly until mixture thickens. Add gelatin soaked incold water, strain and add to salmon.Stana until set. Serve in individualmolds with following sauce: Beatone-half cupful heavy cream until stiff,add pinch salt, pinch pepper and twotablespoonfuls vinegar; then add onecucumber, peeled and chopped.Dark Cake for Thanksgiving.One cupful molasses, one-half cupfu1 svgar, one-half cupful butter, onecupful milk, three cupfuls flour, twoeggs, one-half pound raisins, one-quarterpound citron. Teaspoonful eachcinnamon, nutmeg, allspice, one-quarterteaspoonful cloves, three-quarterteaspoonful soda. Bake in a fruitcake tin (large deep tin) two hourswith a slow fire.Spanish Buns.One and one-fourth pdunds of flour,one pound of sugar, half pound of, butter. four eggs, a teacupful of creamoi milk, warmed sufficiently to melt,the butter; a tablespoonful of rosewater, two of wine, a grated nutmeg.Make into buns and bakeSugar Cookies.To make sugar cookies take threefourths of a cupful of fat, oae cupfulsugar, one egg, one-fourth cupful milk,two teaspoonfuls baking powder, twocupfuls flour, one teaspoonful flavoring or spice. Roll thin, sprinkle withsugar, cut out and bake.Spanish Omelet.Fry two chopped onions in two tablespooKfuls of butter. When light brownadd two chopped green peppers. Nextadd one quart of tomatoes. Season totaste, and stew until it reaches a pastyconsistency. This ife sufficient to foldinto a six-egg omelet.Pumpkin Fritters.One pint of pumpkin, boiled and sifted, one pint of milk, two eggs, onehalf teaspoonful salt, pinch of ginger,one teaspoonful molasses, flour tomake a batter stiff enough to drop ongriddle as for buckwheat.To Cut Cheese.To cut neufchatel or other softcheese in smooth slices for serving,usq a stout thread instead of a knife,as theroe will be no crumbling orbreaking of 'the slices.- .. :. . '- -- & - : - - . . t.t...' m--. SH'&ikrA KC LJiBrUTOiSrl 5nBB.-MISSED! The 2:30!-What else has he missed?AN OPPORTUNITY!C. Perhaps 'he didn't know the "train time, his watch was wrong.C If he had had a phone he could have learned the train schedule; hecould have learned the correct time.C And in nine cases out of ten he could have telephoned and savedhours of time and not missed that opportunity.G The telephone in your house brings order into your life.Find out about our service today.0Cbe Paris Rome telephone and CeUgrapb Co(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.Our J?ctll J&'nesAREComplete.kirschbaump;guaranteed3STiP CLOTHES$15.00 and $20.00Other Values $10Shoes $2,50 to $5.00n? FuU:Line: ofBoys' Clothing.Twin.Clothing and Shoe Department.L.!WOLLSTEHN,rProp.VKINDLY CALL ATTwin ii. Depanmem store,Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, KyHandsome R e s i -denceFor Sale.My residence on Mt. Airy Is forsale. One of the niost modern homesm.i'aris. Every convenience. Prospective buyers are invited to inspectuixiauxus uu yiemi3&8CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.NOW&r00 and l$12.50.i s3.3Give Us a Call.39mzn.MUFallAnnouncement All the LatestFall Styles in- 5.Dress (foods,.-;"Dry Goods,millinery, etc.Wc Can Please YouBargain Prices.Expert CarriagePainter.Mr. Percy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast 8 yers, has opened a shoo at thecorner oLFouth and High Streets, aadis3Si3Brostin anythiar in hi;r line. " ,W. H, HARRIS, Agfr. - jJ 28:jjy-tf) . v yma,H.f A. PATOir r 4 Both Ffet?na.5iSJV "-V:f- -t:r.C'vV'r."x.jt . $Xi"3it$.rv ,wffifhK7.M;i!v - i'$-.-, u.&vm4CRYING FOR HELP. , "Vtost of It in Paris, But,Daily GrowinflLess. VThe kidneys often cray for help...Not another organ in the wholebody more lelicately constructed.Non one more important to healah.The kidneys are the filters of thejlood.When they fail the blood becomesiou and poisonous.There can be no health where therepoisoned blood.Backache is one of the frequent inu cations of kidney trouble.It is often the kilneys cry for help.' eed it.Head what Doan's Kidney Pills:aTc done for overworkel kidneys.7,0of of merit in the followingailment:Mrs. Eva Coiper, Main street, Winc1 .ster, Ky., says: "Although I nevreha ircasion to use a kidney remedyself, I can strongly recommendt. bail's Kidney Pills for we have takent'-m in the family with fine results.if the family has taken themb excellent results fir pain in thefthat thft nntoo , ut-- and kidnevs."t-jpp nOc. at all dealers. Don't!? jly ask for a kidney remedy getu ..it's Kidney Pills the same that31-'. Cooper recimmenls. Foster-?-uurnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y.Where She Doesn't Understand."Wnenever, says a Macon editor, af-"icw tries to be as nice to his wifeat fce was in the good old days when-a as courting her she at once be--cto wonder what's the matter with-"Lr old fcol.Bell TelephoneBulletins11 THE INTRICATE MECHANISMThe switchboard the most intricate and interesting adjunct ofthe telephone business is dividedinto sections and there are usuallythree operators' positions in eachsection. An operator sits at eachposition, and from this point canreach the line of every subscriberin the exchange. However, only alimited number of subscribers' answering jackets terminate in frontof each operator. This causes it tobe possible for an operator to connect a calling party with any number on the switchboard, but shecan answer the calls of only a fewsubscribers. "Whenever a new section is added to the switchboardit is necessary to run the wires andCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYINCORPORATEDL. & N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVETRAINS AR RIVE FROMNO.134 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday o : 23 a. m.34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily . . 5 : 30 a. m.29 Cynthiana, Ky, Daily Ex. Sunday 7: 35 a. m.7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday .' 7: 38 a. m.10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:36 a. m.40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:40 a. m.37 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 9 : 40 a. m.12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:10 a. m.33 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 10 : 15 a. m.6 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 12:00 m.0 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 3:15 p. m.135 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:26 p. m.38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:28 p. m.5 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 5:45 p. m.39 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily Ex. Sunday 5:35 p. m.8 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6:18 p. m.T2 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily ".... 6:30 p. m.14 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:35 p. m.31 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily .' 10:40 p. m.TRAINS DEPART FOR ,"0.34 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily . 5:35 a. m.?0 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday . 7 6: 20 a. m.10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday. . . .r .... 7:45 a. m.40 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily Ex. Sunday -. . . : 7:45 a. m.7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:47 a. m.17 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 9:43 a. m.37 Knoxville. Tnn.. Daily 9 :46 a. m.133 Lexington, Ky., Daily2' Jacksonville, Fla., DailyMaysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday1 " Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday2S Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily"r Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sundayl Rowland. Kv.. Dailv Ex. Sundayo2 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily5 Lexington, Ky., DailyS Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday131 Lexington, Kv., Daily31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily35" dte O- TIMBj-TABIjETRAINS ARRIVE FROMaO.- Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. SundayTRAINS DEPART FORV.1 FranWort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday'""jssss'j. y-. "" ?"""- v&w.;:,i;, r. i I-, urn -n-,- ---. - ?,i -T ,M k I.CL . Tr TI1-.11.1 t7 Wk 4-1 'VT' . -,J.- .". . - -m a a 1U MU .M - - t 1 f!?-- BWt Way- to Kp Applet; -"The best 'Vessels in which to keepapplet are crates or baskets that permit ventilation, and also permit handling the fruit to prevent bruising.When it commences to reach its fullstage of ripening it is well to sort itoccasionally, and remove and use anythat are commencing to decay, or thatare becoming soft or overripe. Firm.specimens can be wrapped in piecesof ordinary newspaper and put in ventilated crates, baskets or barrels in acool place, and there kept for a longertime than when not so wrapped.Haydn and Church Music.Carpani, the poet, once asked hisfriend, Haydn, "how it happened thathis church music was almost alwaysof an animating, cheerful and evengay description." To this Hadyn'sanswer was: "I cannot make it otherwise. I write according to thethoughts which I feel. When I thinkUnon f?nr1 mv hoort io c f,.ni ".xM uuuvc auu icay, uts ILwere, from my pen, and since Godhas given me a cheerful heart, it willbe easily forgiven me that I servehim with a cheerful spirit."Not the Right Reputation.Magazine Editor "No, we cannotaccept this story." Agent "But theauthor is a man who has acquired agreat reputation." M. E "Yes, butonly in literature." Boston Transcript. connect the line of every subscriber into the new section.Sometimes subscribers fail toanswer their telephones promptlyand when they do answer it theoperator says "Number, please,' 'if the calling party has grown impatient and hung up his receiver.Only one operator can answer youwhen you ask for a number, butany operator at the switchboardcan ring your telephone bell. Ifan operator has a rush of callsthose on each side of her come toher assistance and a supervisor isalways hand to help her out.The work of the operators is interesting and fascinating and iswell worth a visit to our exchange.OCTOBER 18, 1914.' 10:18 a.: . . .T. :.. 10:20 a.-. 12 : 05 p.3:30 p.3:35 P-, 6:00 p.6:02 pm.m.m.m.m.m.m.: i,- 6:j5 p. m.. ;- . 6:35 p. m.' 6 : 30 p- m'10:47 p. m.10:48 p. m.L-'-n- ; 5:o0 P- m-;..,... .. .f&yv .. ..;. 8:25a. m.C l - "'?1 HE BOURBON NfcWS. ftMHS.asTAKE TIMEI TO iSMILJUST A TRIFLE FASTIDIOUSM. de Fouquieres, Arbiter of Elegancein Paris, Wouldn't Even Eat CandyCigar in Ladies' Car.A 'Newport woman, apropos of theDuchess de Gramont's crinoline ball,was talking about Andre de Fouqieres, the arbiter of elegance in Paris."M. de Fouquieres is too meticulous in his elegance," she said, witha witty smile. "When a duke visitshim, he advances 18 steps. When it'sa baron, he advances six steps. Whenit's an equal he does not advance atall, and when it is an inferior anAmerican, say he actually recoils!"Oh, yes, M. de Fouquieres is ridiculously meticulous. Once, en routefrom Paris to Trouville, when he wasa little boy, a lady gave him a chocolate cigar."'And what will you do with it?'the lady asked."Little Andre put the end of thechocolate cigar in his mouth and rose." 'I'll go into the smoking compartment and eat it,' he said." Minneapolis Journal.Rich Pickings.The British naval officer was on hisway to the bank with several bagsof prize money."Hallo," exclaimed a friend, "whathave you there?""These," replied the Britisher, "arethe fortunes of war that you've sooften read about." Boston EveningTranscript.Unpatriotic."Henry writes that he's joined theAlpha Beta Etas," said Mr. Dawkins,a self-made man. "What's that?""It's a Greek letter fraternity," answered Mrs. Dawkins."Umph!" snorted Mr. Dawkins. "I'dlike to know why he couldn't joinsomething American, instead of taking up with a lot of foreigners."The Brighter Side."This war in Europe is terrible.""I agree with you. Still, I'm morefortunate than some people.""How is that?""I'm not acquainted with any retired military men who insist on telling me how it ought to be fought."A Slow Pupil."There's many a slip betwixt thecup and the lip, you know.""Yes. I've heard that quotation before, but lately I've been impressed bythe fact that there is many a slip between the initial tango lesson and theattainment of a certain degree of proficiency as a tango dancer."A Stumbling Block."Well, did you settle your argumentwith Colonel Whiffersby about theRussian campaign, against the Austrians?" "No. We decided to suspend our argument until we learned how to pronounce Przeniysl."AND SCARCE, TOO.Customer Bring me an extra goodsteak, and have it very rare.Waiter Boss, a extry good steak indis heah restrant's alius very rare!Precious Finance."Johnny!" exclaimed the carefulmother. "You have shaken nearly allthe money out of your tin bank!""Yes'm. I'm not taking any chanceson having my little bank bawled outfor hoarding the stuff."Superficial Estimates."You can't judge a man by his coat""No. But in the light of presentstyles, it is more generous to judgehim by his coat than by his hat."About Gone."How is Wasserby's credit in town?"- "It must be very low by this time.When I was here three years ago hewas giving it oxygen."!l""""""""""mm"wwKENTUCKY, NtflERt7JLRSHING FOR DEATHAMinesor Mackerel All Mike tothe Danes.Stolid Fishermen of the North Sea GoUnconcerned About Their Dangerous Task Gray the Dayof No Fish.London. Harold Ashton, ' correspondent of the Daily News at Esbjerg, Denmark, writes of a visit to themine sweepers, who are seeking toclear the waters of the North sea andmake them safe for merchant andfishing ships.The correspondent made the tripout to the waters where the minesweepers were at work in a "sort oflumbering old washing tub fitted witha consumptive little motor andmanned by a listless Norwegian andhis small son, who is both engineerand navigating officer."It is a dreary business," the correspondent continues. "The sea has anasty pitch to it and we flop sickeningly over heavy, oily waves and saynever a word, but squat all humpedand sullen behind the tin" splashboardof the stinking, sputtering motor."We swing round by Fano's sandyand deserted promontory, where thefamous golf links lie, and after hoursof far niente anything but 'dolce,' "wemeet the homeward bound minesweepers huge, flat-bottomed fishingships built with great heavinessagainst the sudden rages of temperthis North sea flies into without warning, and rigged very strangely withsails brown and white and patchedeverywhere like the hinder parts ofancient Dutch trousers. . . . Theselumbering arks, with their shallowdraft, are immune from mines, sothey can 'fish' for them as thoughthey were no more harmful thanmackerel. They hunt in couples,tethered like grayhounds. The leashis a long steel wire tethering shipto ship and sunk to a certain distance. So, very simply, and fairlysafely, is this mine angling done,and when the mine is hooked there isa performance something akin to thesudden blowing of a harpoonedcachalot . . . -and that's all."We steered our tub well out ofrange of the groping hawser, hailedthe anglers (sitting humped and nod-Ming over their sport for all theworld like Broadland bream rodsmen),and heard from them that they hadtoiled all day over a cunningly chartedcourse and had caught nothing. Thetotal bag was 17."We turned the squat nose of ourwashing tub and coughed home wearily to Fano, having raised a quaintcorner of the curtain in this bewildering theater ' of war men fishing forcertain death with the nonchalanceof eel dibbers and smoking and drowsing at their work!"TRIBUTE TO PIONEER WOMENMonument at San Francisco Exposition Designed to PerpetuateLove of Motherhood.San Francisco. The women of tliepioneer era will be exalted in thePioneer Mother monument, the workof Charles Grafiy, one of America'sforemost sculptors, at the Panama-Pacificexposition. This monument, inbronze, is designed to perpetuate aPioneer Mother Monument.spirit of love and veneration for thewomen who crossed the plains and,amid the hardships of pioneer life,faithfully played their part in thesettlement and civilization of the westof America.In its design and execution, its freedom from conventionality and especially in its harmony with the themeportrayed, the monument is pronounced by ablest critics worthy ofthe sculptor, who, in his career of20 years at home t and abroad, hasachieved many signal honors.War Cuts Seat Price.Washington. One of the effects ofthe war was shown here when a leading theater reduced its orchestra-seatsto $1 for the night performances."iV - mJ3hiLiJiijWlNUV&LrTHE"PRUDENTmR.HIS WDOiHE WfLLMONEY INBANK FORHusbands :Just look at this pictureThen you will deposit14bank. 'Make OUR bank YOUR bank, "We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings, o vDEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPITAL $150,000.00SURPLUS .. 20,000.00 t -,STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY 150,000.00Protection to Depositors $330,OOO.HS. E. BEDFORD, President. C. K. THOMAS, CaaMtrI It Is Time ForAboutHEATINGI STOVESWe Have Every Kind of Heating and CookiigStove Made!THE RADIANT HOMEbest heater inthe worldTHE CELEBRATED WILSON GASHEATER.THE O. K. LINE OF COOKING STOVES.They have no equalIn fact everything from the smallest tothe largest. See our line and get ourPrices.8mLowry &iLbs." GranulatedSugark(With a $2.002 1-2 pound can Tomatoes, solid packed 9C2 1-2 pound can Sweet Potatoes, . ." V.9cSugar Leaf Can Peas, 20c value .- -7 17cSugar Leaf Can Peas, 20c value 14CCardinal Brand Peas, 12 l-2c value .' 10cBaby Bunton Corn, per can 8cElephant Corn, per can , 8CPie Peaches, per can 8 l-3cHunt's Peaches, per can -. 23cLemon Cling or Sliced Golden State Can Peaches, 20c val ISc2 1-2 lb. can Hawaiian Pine Apple 23cMacaroni, 10c package . 8c -Golden Medal Oats, package ' 8cCutono Oats, package .".'. .1 8cMother's 'or Quaker Oats r ." 9c16 oz. package Seeded Raisins '. ...12 1-2c12 oz. package Seeded Raisins :'. . . 9c16 oz. package Currants 12 l-2cMince Meat, 3 packages 1 " 25c "2 large Mackerel 15c3-tie Brooms, extra good 20c4-tie Brooms, extra good 30c4-tie Brooms, 50c value 40cHarrison's Buck Wheat Flour, package 10cDon't think because our terms are cash you have to cometo the store. We have both phones and the delivery boy carrries change with him, so you may pay at home as well as storeWatch our space every w eek and see what you can save bypaying1 cash.IT. C.VL....JCosh Grocer. Both Phones 254f-t .-ri!jr j,SkjBj.pr .and THINK :money REGULAgLY m-.otkrTrYou to ThinkTalbottn?w(Tl AA1kPI.VVPurchase.)' r&VS3t,S-?r shZLJ.- ''WT&PMA - .iii5f9fiSsBtsssiMKM ' ''vyisikAmmmmssxBmisr -rVZTTniBlHnHraHMTOiHMt - . lHiHHf ,:lenihan4PEi1)-V-f??-, . ITHE BOtflfoN ); PARIS;, KY.,fNC)VEMBER 1 7, 1914--!AS Of MILLERSBURGraeat a little cheaper tlian it is soldat-xue meat marKets. wiiat Is trueof the meat business is also true of' most every - other business in town.Even in our dry goods and millineryMrs. W. R. Barnes is somewhat ?.usJne?8 PePle do J larSf Part ofimproved. their buying away from home andMr. C. N. Johnson continues verv Viam oecause our merchants.h tiio c10 ery,do not have what they warft. Therejnuch the same.are people here who ride the railroad1 aS.ENGLAND'S GREATEST SOLDERDIES OF PNEUMONIA.-Dr. and Mrs. W. V. Huffman re- ,?? , e rme T railadturned Saturday after a ten days' visit ' ,t0 Carlisle almost every time theyla relatives in Indiana. Jslt,want a spool of thready Let us en-Mr. and Mrs. P. F. Minguf, of'ge our mer nanis in every aeHockland, New York, are guests Slpartment ' baling th ?lem- tttheir daughter, Mrs. A. J. Thaxton ? m 'gfomfll to buy from tlle-The Mission Study Class of 'the h?e Tmerchants' then do not comPresbvterian rhumb will i, S! Plai because you can't get what you-animal niiristmas hrar ra i want. We want a community thatMrs. E. C. Hawkins returned"Thursday after a several weeks' visitto relatives in New York and Pennsylvania. Mr. J. F. McDaniel was called toNashville, Tennessee, Sunday, on account of the death of his aunt, Mrs.Irene McDaniel.The first student recital of the Full line of typewriter ribbons andju. ?. j. ul cue seasoa was given an- supplies.is with Millersburg, for Millersburgand of Millersburg and we cannothave this unless we stand pat to allof our enterprises.Rl&BONS AND SUPPLIES.day night. The y.;ung ladies didnicely and the program was a good'one.r Mrs. Ruth Peed and daughter,Miss Carrie, returned Friday after aseveral days' visit to Mrs. Fred Basset!, of Mt. Sterling, sister of Mrs.Psed.The ladies of the PresbyterianQhurch will hold their annual ThankSjrvmg sale of cakes, pies, fowls andother eatables on Wednesday, Nov."25th. This is a good opportunity toget your Thanksgiving dinner.The students of the M. P. S. gavea jr.e supper at the school buildingFriday evening, which was well attended. The pies were prepared bythe young ladies an; sold at auction,one of them bringing more than $4.More than 17 was cleared.Messrs. D. E. Clarke and JohnBoston left Sunday for Rockcastlecotyaty on a hunting tour. Quite anumber of our young sportsmen havetaken advantage of the opening of thehunting season, leaving here Sundayand Monday for various places to trytheir luck with quail.The first number of the Lyceumcourse is a lecture by Arthur WalwimBrans, this evening at the M. F. C.auditorium, beginning at S:25. Mr.Evans comes highly recommendedand is one of the most popular platform orators of America. The courseis under the auspices of the Y. M. C.A. of the College. Better talent ispromised this season than for manvyears past. There will be but threenumbers, but the association is paying more for these than they have forcourses Avith more numbers. Seasontickets, $1.50; general admission,"which entitles you to a reserved seat,60e. Let everybody take advantageof this opportunity.We desire to call the attention ofour people to the necessity of dealingv?5t"i home merchants in everythingso far as is possible. The motto ofeveryone should be to live and letlive. Our meat markets of late have'been much interfered with by people"who are not in the business and whocome to town peddling meat fromwagons of course they are not depending upon this for a living, asthey pay no house rent, hire nobutchers or salesmen, have no(13-2t)VARDEN & SON.THEATRICAL.Columbia Theatre To-morrow."The Million Dollar Mystery."Episode No. 19. The UndergroundRiver By mistake, a rnper intendedfor Florence is given to CountessOlga. She sends it" to the "BlackHundred." While out riding, Florence recognizes one of the "BlackHundred" steathily follows himsees him enter a cave, which opensby a secret spring. He remains onlya few minutes and after he has goneFlorence enters the cave. The conspirators return, Florence hides, anddaringly secures the paper from them,Lord Roberts, lovingly known as"Bobs," said by Emperor William, ofGermany, to be "the greatest soldierof modern times," died in France, Saturday, where he had been visiting theIndian troops of the British armvcorps. His death was due to pneumonia. The news of Lord Roberts' deathwas received by telegraph from FieldMarshall Sir John French.Lord Roberts was born in 1832 inCawnpore, India. It was in the Indianservice that the gallant and efficientIrish soldier achieved his first andlasting fame. It was in South Africain his later years that this was supplemented and magnified by hisachievements m Great Britain's victorious campaign against Boers.But it was as Field Marshal andEarl that Lord Roberts formallyknown, it was as "Bobs" that the menof the ranks knew him, loved liimand greeted him. In their estimationand that of the admiring public noname could fit liim better than thisdiminutive of his family name and theword meaning "hero" in Hindu.Showered as he was with honorsand titles by his own country, it wasnot by that nation alone that his military abilities were appreciated."The greatest soldier of his time,"were the words used by Emperor William, of Germany, in paying tributeto him.For more than half a century England has had occasion to take pride inthe career of Roberts, the soldier.In nine of her wars he was in thethick of the fighting, and was manytimes wounded. As he fought he rosefrom a supernumerary subaltern inthe horse artillery to Field Marshaland Commander-in-Chief of all theBritish armies.As further rewards he was made apeer of the realm and was the recipient ot distinguished orders or wmenEDW. BURKE,President.H. S. CAYWOOD,Vice-President.JNO. T. COLLINS,Manager.The Bourbonobacco Warehouse CANNOUNCE THEIR OPENINGSALE FOR :SATURDAY, DEC 53a3mmmmmmmmmmm9mmm9"without their knowing: it. As:ami, i.:p , i, r ? rr.i, n,, , , , . ,. , ,. w ( Lite wiicj. waa nie uiuci ui inc uai-they leave, but immediately discover j ter the mosl ancient and highlytheir loss. Trapped, Florence dares s,i e ii -d;?oi, riQ Th?adeath by plunging wito the under-' cr(mning honor came in 1901 after hisground river. Her escape her cant- llotable serviie3 in leading the Briture Norton s thrilling battle in the ish to victory in South Africa,water with her captors are portrayedas the climax of this episode. jIn connection with the above, aij Open To Receive Tobacco December 1st ithree-part Eclair feature will beshown, entitled "Adventures in Diplomacy." A point that is particularly interesting in conjunction with"Adventures in Diplomacy" is the factthat this story is laid around similarconditions to thosce that existed between Au'stria and Servia prior to thepresent great conflict in Europe. Itis such minor incidents that fan thespark of diplomatic dealings intoflame and cause nations to enter aconflict. The "Adventures in Diplomacy" is a story of two foreignspies commissioned oy their government to secure at all costs a secrettreaty which is in possessidn of theambassador of Venezuela. Thistreaty involves the affairs of Venezuela and Mexico and have a deep interest for rival powers.(dav.)HOW TO SAVE MONEY.SAVE YOUR COAL BILLS.When you get ready to lay in yourwinter coal we can save you money.Phones 336.(15-tf) J. H. BATTERTON.ESCAPED FROM REFORM SCHOOLTen boys, inmates of the State Reform School, at Greendale, made tlieirescape from that institution Saturdaynight. The city police and countyauthorities of Bourbon were instructedto keep a close lookout for them.ON "OWN INITIATIVE."Heater"KiT rriV.-.- ,, j ti AT-r 1uuud. me Uiin iiizuiu. lu bt;ii tueir jBuy a New Process Gasice 1 and Range, fromA. F. WHEELER & COr.ni. TV P. Walton, former editorof the Stanford Interior Journal and jFrankfort State Journal, now con-jnected with the Lexington Herald, ISundav announced that he is a candidate for the Democratic nominationfor Secretary of State and he said heis making the race on his "own initiative."Second house in Kentucky in amount of businesshandled the past season.Lowest selling fees of any house in Central Kentucky. Wcsolicityour patronage and guarantee courteoustreatment and prompt service.99999999WwfMftWHOLESALE INDICTMENTS.FOR ALLEGED VOTE TRAFFIC.The grand jury which has just adjourned in Pike county returned about1,125 true bills against citizens of thecounty, including some of the mostprominent business men and leadingpoliticians, charging buying or sellinga vote. The indictments were return-MATRIMONIALGILVIN MARTIN.Miss Rosa D. Gilvin, daughter ofMr. Charles Gilvin, of the Plumneighborhood and Mr. Silas Martin aa nSr tii Wmntfnn of fiirrmlt ' VC"015S ntl farmer were marri-Trri m pnw;;; of t ru m enisle. Saturday.Judge J. M. Roberson at the openingnf fhfi r.nnrt term about two monthsp$?n. in an effort to break ud the corJOYCE FUG A KZT.Friends in this citv hm-P r00iv.ed cards announcing the marriage ofruption in elections which had become M F , p """V ?rtlti -S -notorious.A special term of court , S M iSovS? X ?f Pan-S'w,.i h- hp.id nrobablv in December for Sl8 Iren,e Jycei of Chicago, inFOR RENTFour-room cottage, on Harmon Avenue; furnished or unfurnished; gasfor heating and cooking. Rent reasonable. (6-3t) MRS. T. A. VIMONT.will be held probably in December forthe trial of this long list of casesTHE BEST HEATER AND RANGEGet the New Process Gas Range Jand Heater, from the leading stoveman.A. F. WHEELER & CO.the latter city, on November 1?The groom is a son of Mr. Fred Fugazzi, of Lexington, who conducted aconfectionery and fruit store in theNippert block in this city, severalyears ago, and is well rememberedhere.1mI mc,THE STORE FORBETTER SHOES)VER.WALK IfUK JSVJ2JK.XX3JXJX lf )VFPWe Attribute the Growth of Our Shoe Business to the Foling acts:Our Shoes are Better, . , ', :We Give Better Values,. Our Styles are the Latest,While Our Prices are the Lowest.CUT FLOWERS.Cut flowers and funeral designsphone me your order.13-2t) JO. S. VARDEN.LEXINGTON DEFEATS PARISIn the football game at White ParkFriday afternoon between the teamsof the Paris High School and theLexington High School, Lexingtoncame out victorious by a score of43 to 0.Paris will play the Cynthiana HighSchool team at Cynthiana this afternoon, and a good game fs expected tobe pulled off.On Friday afternoon the Paris andFrankfort elevens will play the second game of their series at WhitePark. These two teams are wellmatched and a fine "game is in prospect. Paris won the first game.AT THE PARIS GRAND.- -- - si tjGASHEATERS!If V"Mutt & Jeffff in Mpvinn" win kthe Paris Grand next Thursday, Nov19th. Don't get the idea that "Muff& Jeff" is old or that it is deterinrn.nig. It IS tne onp mnciool rv,i-. Ithat weathered all theatrical storms, iana win live for vpars inTn,ry,QM. ipv?K SSi $' Paris 6a$ $ electric Ubring blush to the cheeks of young orold. Secure seats earlv nnri i1Q.,-i (Incorporated.)get me uest.PRICES$4.00 TO $25.00INSTALLED.Satisfaction Guaranteed.at Alamo.On sale at box officeuawai&euivauifBflWhen We Say That OurMen's, Women's and Children's Shoesare better shoes and better values than can be obtained elsewhere for thesame money, we believe what we say-and we have the shoes to prove it !We Have Everything to Meet Your Winter Shoe Necessities and We AskFor Your Consideration.NEW PROCESS HEATER.Let the New PrnpPQQ na tt-J 1 .. ttu -1-AVXH.Cl Iuu jour neatmsr. Sold bvA. F. WHEELER & CO.jl'0 'I"I I"fr ! ! iji ! -fr-lMfrUU CENTRALNotice to CreditorsAll persons havinsr lai ,.- ttile estate of J. J. Peart. rWooc m aDresent samo Tmna,-r.i .-, ' i ?--.. l mji.uirTi u -- lllll flirun t- m It '.f.,. , '? J JfJf -U IU nic Iat lumersDurg, Ky. All persons owingestate will please call and settle.RUTH E. PEED,I Estate of J. J. Peed, deceased.UU-i mo.)I LIFE INSUKANCE CO.Strongest Company,lowest Net Rate.High Quality Footwear at Special Bargain Prices This Week.3D3T COHEKTSA ModelBarber ShopI lbs Kate Alexander I4--CHAIRS-4AGENTI ALSO SOLICITExpert and polite Barbers.All the latest reaiiirmAntc on ,itary equipments that it takes to makea modern saon. Newlv nprorf opainted. Hot and cold baths.cutting of children's hair a speci-tv. sNo long waits at our shop. You aQ wi3i reIy appreciatealtjFire, Windand Automobile ?Insurance IGreatest Shoe Storeare invited to callJ RUSS GORBflN, I ;"SSi- lT-lmo) -"" - - II.$HMIMIHIMt wi4-, - r