V--V7T"J , ..,ilRVwr,, T?a VvT5"--'- 1 .,-?o ' fy- PUBLISHED EYFKT TUESDAY AND .FRIDAY IN -2THE YEAR - f-fVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1914. vTHE TABERNACLE MEETING.PRECINCT COMMITTEMEN.HEALTH'AND WELFARE LEAGUE.'I ' I ' " Hir v VW - m JPHPT r VF1Churcli members of the city, fol-Mr. W. Cf. McClintock, Chairman oflowing the series of sermons directed . the Bourbon Countv Democratic Cam,lot hem, have expressed a deeper in- paign Committee, has appointed theterest in the series of meetings and ! following nrecinct committeemen tothe attendance at the Taberacle has ! serve in their respective precincts in"been growing constantly. There were300 and over at the meeting Tuesday morning.On Wednesday morning EvangelistHam addressed a large crowd at theTabernacle at ten o'clock on mattersof especial interest to the churchmembers. The evening meeting wasgiven over to a special song servicebeginning at 7:15 o'clock.Rev. G. C. Baumgartel preached on"Where God's Sheep Feed," at ameeting for women only at the Methodist Church, Sunday afternoon.On Thursday night the localKnights of Pythias lodge marched tothe Tabernacle in a body, where theyere addressed by Evangelist Ham'along the lines of fraternity andbrotherhood and their -relation to thesocial life of to-day, and a speciallyarranged musical program was rendered by the choir under the direction of Chorister Ramsey.Mr. H. A. Power, president of theEvangelistic Committee, has issuedan invitation to all the lodges in thecity to attend the services in a body.A special program is being arranged for "Railroad Men's Night," thedate for which has riot yet beendefinitely fixed. All the t railroadofficials and employes who have theirheadquarters in Paris, as well as allemployes of the Interurban line areare expected to be in attendance . onthat night.On Wednesday afternoon the evangelists visited Millersburg, where aspecial union service was held inthe Methodist Church. The musicalprogram was rendered by the combined chorus ' of the Millersburgchurches, assisted by Paris talent,and directed by -Chorister Ramsey.The business houses were all closedand the town was given over to theevangelistic party. Similar serviceswill be conducted in the future.It is said the meetings will conclude about December 1. The evangelists will go from here to Weatherfnrft. Texas, to conduct a revival.Mr. G. C. Baumgartel will go to'Weatherford next wTeek to superintend the erection of the tabernacle.The Paris building will be sold atthe close of the meeting here at public auction to the highest bidder.A special "Interurban Night" at theTabernacle is being arranged whenthe interurban line will put on an extra service on the Paris branch andthe country people will be taken toand from the services in special cars.The total attendance up to lastnight was 50,000, and the collectionstotaled 5636.61.Johnthe coming campaign:Paris No. 1 Ed. B. Hedges, Thos.Kiser, Thos. Butler.Paris No. 2 Swift Champ, Whittington Mann, John J. Williams.Paris No. 3 Pearce Paton, J. O.Marshall, R. B. Hutchcraft.Paris No. 4 C. J. Lancaster, WalterClark, G. S. Denton.Paris No. 5 W. F. Talbott,Cain, Sr., tTohn T. Hedges.Paris No. 6 Will Thomas, J L. Fret-well, Geo. W. Judy.Millersburg No. 1 W. D. Mclntyre,Wm. Layson, John W. Purday.Millersburg" No. 2 Layson Tarr, G.S. Allen, T. P. Wadell. . 'Flat Rock No. 1 S. R. Burris, Edsell Clark, J. E. Boardman.Flat Rock No. 2 S. G. Clay, JohnW. Brophy, L. R. Rogers.North Middletown No. 1 RobertGilkey, H. S .Caywood, John Redmon.North Middletown No. 2 BenWoodford, Sr., Wm. Wallingford, Jno.Rash.Clintonville No. 1 A. S. Thompson,A. L. Stevenson,- Varden Shipp.Clintonville No. 2 I. D. Thompson,James Elliott, Jas. Ingels.Hutchison No. 1 Robt. Meteer, Jno.Wiggins, Frank Buchanan.Hutchison No. 2 John Wright Jas.Ferguson, Forrest Letton.Centerville No. 1 Wm. Welsh, Jos. jLeach, Vol Ferguson.Centerville No. 2 Miller Ward, J.M. Scott, E. C. Cleveland.Ruddles Mills No. 1 J. H. Fisher.T. W. Current, Geo. Current.Ruddles Mills No. 2 Amos Turney,Jr., Thos. Mynes, W. S Isgrig.The appointees are all tried and trueDemocrats and each and every one ofthem will lend himself with a rightroyal will to the task of getting outa full vote for the Democratic ticketin the November election.Here in Bourbon county we may doour part by bringing out every possible vote for the' ticket, which is composed of strong men of the Democraticfaith. Notwithstanding the fact thatthe August "primary was .marked bysome degree of bitterness, it becameevident within a week after the resultof that primary had been announcedthat there would be no "b.olting" inthe Democratic rank in November.All over the Sate it is apparent thatparty differences have been forgotten.Lack of interest in the campaignthis year on the part of Democrats isinexcusable if there is any falling oftin the Democratic majority in Bourbon county in November.Few persons realize the scope andimportance of the Bourbon CountyHealth and Welfare League. It hasquietly gone ahead and done effectiveand practical work among 'a class ofpersons not able to have the skill andattention otherwise. While the Healthand Welfare" League is broad in itsscope of operation and "does not follow any particular line, simply ministering to the needs of those who areunable to help themselves, in a physical sense, yet it does .lay great stressupon hygenie and sanitation, in otherwords, it believes in locking the stable" while the horse is in.Going into homes and disinfecting triviitcncii stBlakemore'sthem and instructing in the art of howto clean, is worth double the amountexpended thereon.The prevention of disease is nowclaiming the attention of experts, thusstriking, at the root of disease whichis bound to tell in better life, betterwork and more effioient service fromthose receiving this treatmentCertainly if we can get this workdone at a small cost our citizens whoare able to put up the money oughtto do so gladly and cheerfully.Just sit down in your leisure hoursand recall the number of old friendswho have been ruthlessly carried offbefore their time by the dread tuberculosis. This young girl and thatyoung man, full of life and spirit,your chum, your school mate, yourwarm friend of the old days, strickendown remorselessly just when thereseemed to be promise of a golden future. Help the Health and WelfareLeague to save some one else's chum,somebody's friend, some other flearyoune srirl and promising bo iromfading from health into the grave untimely, prematurely, because of theblight of consumption, curable andpreventable.Give cheerfully and do it now!LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE .TAKING OFF TRAINS.CAMDEN PREPARING TOMAKE CAMPAIGN.CITY REGISTRATION FIGURES "The city registration which tookplace last" Tuesday showed a Democratic majority of 431, as shown by"the "following "tables', " compiled " fromthe. registration books in the CountyClerk's office:: D RParis No. 1 108 16Paris No. 2...... 218 30Paris No. 3 .- 141' 52Paris No. 4 174 69Paris No. 5., 123 170Paris No. 6 116 H3Totals "-880 " 449Democratic majority, 431.A number registered as Independents and Progressives. In three instances the voters asked to be registered as "wets." .In precinct No. 2 ten women registered, seven as Democrats, twoSuffragets and one as Republicanas-CITY COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS.The City Council met last night inregular session with Mayor Hihton.After nassins upon and allowing accounts against the city, and transacting routine business, the Council toqkup the matter "of accenting the resurfacing of Main Street, which workwas finished by the contractors Wednesday After hearing reports fromthe contractors and members of theImprovement Committee the FinanceCommittee was instructed to acceptM,o frAP.t in the name of the City ofParis; to check up and audit the accounts of the contracting firm and tomake proper settlement with them atthe contract price.- There being" nofurther business to be transacted,council adjourned.NEW TELEPHONE DIRECTORY.Manager H. H. Floyd, of the Cumberland Telephone & Telegraph Co.,nnnnnnrs that the new telephone directory will soon be issued. The newlist will be corrected .up to October15, and he states that all those whowish to make changes in their listings, or to have their names placedin the new directory, should communicate with him at 'once. Those whoare contemplating installing telephones in their homes or office, shouldact promptly in order that their namesmav appear properly in the new directory. Manager Floyd states thatthere will be a number of new namesadded to the list and that the growthof the exchange here is a strong indication of the superiority or theCumberland's service.FIRST SNOW OCTOBER 17.W. O. Davis, secretary to SenatorJohnson N. Camden, enroute to hishome at Versailles, said that he willremain in Kentucky until after theNovember electfon.Mr. Davis said that interest inWashington centers in the possibleadjournment of Congress, which,when he left the capital, was expected about October 17. Senator Camden, he said, doubtless would remainin Washington in support of the administration until the session adjourned, when he would return here.The Senator wras preparing, he said,to make an active campaign for reelection to the Senate for the shortterm, in the time remaining after hisreturn from Washington until theelection. Mr. Davis said, however,that no definite plans would be madefor the conduct of a campaign untilafter Mr. Camden's release from hisWashington duties, when speakingdates and places probably would beannounced.If Congress should adjourn not before the election, Mr. Davis intimatedthat Senator Camden would hardlyinaugurate an extensive campaign.The Louisville & Nashville railroadcompany, nursuing a policy of retrenchment in view of depression inbusiness caused by the European war,is cutting off trains all over its system, and it is hinted that more willcome off unless the European " warends soon.Among the train service likely tobe discontinued, after the 18th of'October is the "dinky" train to Cynthiana, leaving here at 12:04 p. m., andreturning at 3:15 p. m., and the-Carlisle commuter train leaving here at5:3 a. m., and returning at 10: 10. a.m. 'Superintendent W.'H. Anderson, ofthis, city, stated that' the possibleelimination of these trains from theschedule was in line with the policyof retrenchment found necessary ofadoption by the Louisville & Nashville, owing to the falling off in earnings of something like a million dollars since the first of July. The lossin earnings, he said, was attributed tothe conditions brqughtbpu.VbytheEuropean war, and ' "the consequentfalling off in shipments of goods torexport.Mr. Anderson said that .the policy of"the road was to make changes thatwould inconvenience the travelingpublic as little as possible. He statedthat he hoped that the elimination ofthe trains from other branches wouldlikely be discontinued.Petitions are in circulation in Carlisle asking the officials of the roadto keep the trains on the schedule.m i r a :-!w vvSvlit-m - t;i m yI .H 1, viii T, CopyritTWll &P J$ : :TODAY'And Not To-morrow, is the Time to Think About? ti Your -Ball Suit and Overcoat?Come to' this store and buy your clothesWe carry the .finest and best makes of clothingin the United States. When you purchase iiSuit or Overcoat, from us it has to be right or wewon t sell -it to you.Clothes thatf it you and the kind that wil'hold their shape and wear, all styles, for the fatman or the thin man..jSuits and Overcoats From$10Top35,Think of This Store First!Mitchell & Blakemore,tThe Store for Men's StylesParis, Kentuckymm. -' tPENALIZES EXPRESS COMPANYAUTUMNAL SHOWERS.For several days the , temperaturein this section has manifested a tendency to climb up to the topmostnotch and has hovered in the vicinityof 80 for some time. The result hasbeen considerable discomfort. Yesterday morning a rain storm whichhad been brewing for a day sloppedover the edges and was accompaniedby spectacular thunder and electricstorms. Wise weather observers saytbat cool weather will follow prettysoon. As Weather Prophet Martin j of good shoes to run through theIn reversing the judgment of the(Laurel Circuit Court in the case ofthe Adams Express Company, Tuesday, which had been fined 675 underthe Webb-Kenyon act for having delivered whisky in loGal option territory, the Court of Appeals held thata common carrier must use ordinarycare to ascertain for what purpose intoxicating liquors are to be used forbefore delivering into dry territory.The Court held that the Webq-Ken-youact was constitutional, sayingthat the Constitution ot the uniteuStates givs Congress the right to regulate commerce and to decide whatcommerce is legitimate. The controland sale of narcotics and intoxicants,the Court says, has always been regarded within the police power ofthe State, and Congress had no intention of taking this away.BUY AN EXTRA PAIRsays snow will iau on uct. xt, wemay as well be prepared to don ourovercoats.STREET REPAIRING FINISHEDwinter, as the sale at Geo. Mc William's will run for a short time longer,as the stock, as a whole, will be sold.BOURBON BANK &.TRUST CO.MR. ARNSPARGER'S WILL.The final touches on the resurfacingof Main street, which work has beenin progress for, several weeks, wereput on Wednesday, a large force ofworkmen going over the finished workand replacing defective spots andcleaning the surface. The new streethas every appearance of permanencyand has elicited favorable commentfrnm all who have inspected it critically. Several flat places that developed in the finished work wereremedied, and the whole street placed in first-class 'condition.The machinery used in the workhere was shipped Wednesday afternoon ty Parrago, Arkansas, where thecontractors have several miles of bitulithic street to put down.TEACHERS TO RECEIVE SALARIESCol. Asa Martin, the weii-Kuuwx -weather prophet, says the first snow Checks for the payment or me sai-e !, ,-r. iirm foil nn isaturuay, orips or me xivuiuuu. uuumjr ,c.wOctober 17. Col. Martin has made j for the first inpiith of the fall termquite a reputation as a weatlier proph- have been deceived by -Miss Mabelet.and successful forecaster of tire,. Robbins, County Superintendent .of.. n, 0r0 monv who are.Pnimnls. Miss Robbins is makingMaMrin'r f coo this "nrmmecv come nrenaration's for 'disbursing the fund.Hn-icwut, w w r---- - -T ., X -ut'.-'-.,-'$CALL.'mriunk'-&iwBaldwin's jPhbne.32 !FOR.DressedChickens ;Oysters ' :Celery $CranberriesNOTICE!This. Store Etas Notvanced Prices.-?:rrv. : "' Now Showing -.Newest Fall Styles5:The last will and testament of thelate Clifton Arnsparger, who died atthe Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, on September 30, has been probated in the office of County ClerkPearce Paton.The instrument bears date of September 19, 1914, and under its provisions all his property is bequeathed tohis wife. Mrs. Ruby Lr. Arnsparger,wno is appointed executrix of the will, '-ivitn tne requesL mai.no uouu ue iCquired of her by the court. , - jUNDER PARIS MANAGEMENT.1 BUN BROSi mWto the teachers.' The Carlisle pffice of the Cumber-,land Telephone Company has beenplaced under the management of theParis office with Miss Druseilla Campbell, of Carlisle, as local management,Mr. W. T. Herndon, who lias been incharge of the Carlisle office, has beentransferred to the Stanford office.TOBACCO STICKS.Just received, a car load of sawedoak tobacco sticks. Both phones.' BOURBON "XiUMBR COMPANY.wKKaJiulItLadies' and Misses' Suits ,V Prices $15.00, $20.00 and $25.00.Some Suits at $40.00 and $25.fiO. xLadies,' Misses' and Childreifs- . ; . Dresses. '. ; Prices From $5.00 to $20,001 ": -Silk, Satin and Crepex Dresses.Suitable for Street, Afternoon and Evening. , Wear. Prices Range irom $15.00 up.'cWiHinery.PRICE OFTtllMMfiD HATS $5.00 EACHt Why Pay More ?PRANK, & CO.. The Store Where Reliability Reigns.B?mos- v!true.VJ.7tAi! -'. K.JI .fa,,vI-:-Xriff- - '4,:sh- :Ar I :" - t -,ifi--' r.yAsr9cUiv& -,um4' Si.- - -$i ffrTHE BOilJRBQN. JEW$TUYv OpTdMBl 9, 1914,.sw fiyBHETaTr-4-!"-Sl&V4!4444444S4t4t4t44i" .:X44$t444-i4444-& AJLrtihiiBOULSCARBUNCLESiachesCHILLSPAINSIrAre "Danger Signals" the human system's method of giving warning that the blood has become impoverished and circulation poor.In this condition the human bodv is almost powerless to resist theserious Jimess. uont delay.more;You needDR. PIERCE'SGolden Medical DiscoyeryIt gets to work immediately at the seat of your trouble the Stomach.It lends a helping hand. Helps to digest the food. Tones up the stomach.Soon brings back normal conditions. Food is properly assimilated andturned into rich, red blood. Every organ is strengthened and every tissuere-vitalized.Made from roots taken from our great American forests. Try thisremedy now. Sold by Medicine Dealers in liquid or tablet form or send 50cto Dr. Pierce's Invalids Hotel, Buffalo, N. Y., for trial box.Tea caa fcave the cMtptete "Medical Adviser" ef 18 pages ctethbemad free by upaitag Dr. Pierce 31c f er wrappiag and ataUiag.aavethefIAA T JiMiercnce oy,-.. ?TBeBMbffimEstablished 1881-32. -YcartVof Cjon"' tinouous Publication.'-SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Pans, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months . $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and " FridayPaying Cash.s12 pounds Granulated Sugar l $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per pouncL 1 5cCoffee, per pound, only 1 5cPure Cider Vinegar 30cFancy Northern Potatoes, per peck 30cHead Rice, per pound ..:. 8 l-3cBroken Rice, per pound 5cNew Packed Oats, 3 Ib.pkgL 25cLenox Soap, 8 bars for 25c25 pounds White Rose Flour. 80c25 pounds Purity or R. CJ Flour . .... 85cOur terms being strictly cash, thedelivery boy carries change. You maypay at home same. as store.IT. C. LENIHAINCash Grocer. Both Phones 234ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch sf or first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue. ,Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue. - ,N EW DIREQTORS-Of .bUrley tobacco societyDEMOCRATIC TICKETForSenatorJ. C. W. BECKHAM(Long Term)JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term)For CongressJ. CAMPBELL CANTRILL,.LEXINGTON; KY.r Oct.. 6. Thestockholders of the Burley TobaccoCompany, representing fifty-four counties in Kentucky, Ohio and Indiana,comprising the Burley belt, met hereto-day Jn annual, session and electeda new board of directors consistingof thirty-tone members, headed byClarence LeBus, president of thecompany.The directors will meet to-morrowand elect officers and an executivecommittee to serve for the ensuingyear. From present indications theold officers will be elected as follows:Presideht. Clarence LeBus, Lexington;-vice-president, A.'L. Ferguson, iGeorgetown, and secretary, J. M.Rankin, Lexington.The meeting this morning was called to order at the company's officeon South Broadway, where the ballots were canvassed. Later an adjournment was taken to the company's downtown, offices in the Fayette National Bank, where theresultof the election was announced at ,1o'clock.The new board of directors js composed of the following: Clarence LeBus, A. L. Ferguson, C. C. Patrick,C. H. Berryman, Lister Witherspoon,Eugene Sanders, S. A. Shanklin,Fred Stucy, Scott Brown, M. H.Bourne, E. S. Best, John G. Collins,J. C. Hughes, W. M. Robb, A. E. King,Y. T. Craig, J. R. Bowles, B. A.Thomas, F. A. Griffith, W. M. Mathers,Ben Franklin, Glover Kyle, John C.Pirtle, Ambrose Dudley, John F. Frey,O. F. Troutman, O. C. Chapman, BenWright, Ben F. Franklin, Edgar Jonesand Asa Bean., iA churches, schools and public buildings all over Ithe country.f 7 For Sale by v mWNEWSVON MOLTKE DISMISSED.-AMSTERDAM, Oct. 6. The German Emperor has dismissed the Chiefof the General Staff, Field MarshalVon Moltke, nephew of the famousGen. Von Moltke, and has appointedMajor General Von Voight Rehitz tothat post. Information from the otherside of the German frontier revealssome of the reported causes of thedismissal of Moltke, who appears tohave come into- collision with hissovereign in regard to several important questions of strategy.V11"M"1"I"I"M"I"I"1"H'4"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I'howIS6Is It Worth Insuring?Dertamly?Ask us to give you therates. We give especial at-ten tion to all farm business.Trv n3 r.all Sfi nv17l Hnvnight.Not the Old John."This table tipping is being doneby your late husband," said the amateur medium. "I don't believe it," answered the serious woman. "WhenJohn got to throwing the furniturearound he never stopped with any suchmild demonstration as this." Washington Star.CZAR NICK AT FRONT.PETROGRAD, Oct 6. EmperorNicholas, commander-in-chief of theRussian armies, has arrived at theheadquarters of the active army.This information was given to-dayfrom general headquarters.BUMPER CROP FOR FRANCE.PARIS, Oct. 6. France's graincrop, according to the AgriculturalDepartment, has exceeded . expectations. It is estimated at from 60,000,000 to 80,000,000 quintals.DIRIGIBLES ARE ORDEREDTHE AMERICAN NAVY.FORCouldn't See Place for "Pa."A prominent Virginian had died,and his daughter in arranging thehouse for the funeral had gone almost to an extreme in placing palmsand ferns and plants in the drawingroom in fact, it had more the appearance of a wedding than a funeral.One of the old darkies came to payhis last respects. "Miss Mae," hesaid, "dls surely is fine, all dese heretrees, but, Miss Mae, .where is yougoing to put your pa?"BEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Had a Bunch of Them.Laddie was greatly impressed whenthe new baby turned out to be twins.Seeing his aunt coming, he rushed tothe door and fairly bristling with excitement shouted : "O, auntie? comeright in; we've got the awfullestbunch of kids."KEEPYOUR STOMACH ,AND LIVER HEALTHY.1 " t YTT JWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirt-waists-or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fov fine work and itdever goes bck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.sA vigorous Stomach, perfect working Liver and regular acting BowelsJs guaranteed if you use Dr. King'sNew Life Pills. They insure goodDigestion, correct Constipation andhave an excellent tonic effect on thewhole system Purify your blood andrid you of all body poisons throughthe Bowels. Only 3c at your druggist. (oct-adv)Xl'l",lltx,I'I'"I"HI"M'I"I"I"I"I"I"i"I"I"I,m .0.t EHINTONSON,NEW FIRM.afr 2 "I ' 'I' 'S' 'I 'I"!' 'I 4" "' 'I"flnfr.Vlv tpHat-ah TlhmiinAHsrl- Sore MUB-cles. Neuralgia. Backache, Headache and 1all iann Yrmr mnnpv hnr.k if it iallB tO Uhere any ache in any part of the bodj" ijlfiltocn minutes time. . ,Jfriee SOe At A.U Jtruggtszs.Free aunple sad circular lent on reqneiUBOURBON REMEDY COMPANY,342 East Main St., Lexington, Ky.StraussBros.& CosVI'44-4tPopular Price ExcursionTo Cincinnati and ReturnSunday, Oct. 11, 1914,$1NEW YORK, Oct. 6. The UnitedStates Government has issued specifications for two war air-ships of thedirigible type for immediate delivery.This information readier aircraftbuilders in New York to-day.The proposed order, marks the firstmove of the United States Government in this direction and caused asensation in view of the conspicuouslethargy of the military authoritiesalong this line up to now.According to the information givenby the Government in connectionwith the call for bids, this purchaseis only the first of many, and the object is to acquire at once the craftnecessary for the training of naval officers for the manning -of larger shipsof the sanie type which will be purchased later.Lesson From a Flower.I saw a delicate flower had grownup two feet high between the hordes'path and the wheel-track. One inchmore to right or left had sealed itsfate, or an inch higher, and wet itlived to flourish as much ae if it hada thousand acres of untoWen spacearound it, and never knew the dangerit incurred. It did not borrow trouble; and invite' an evil fate by apprehending it Thoreau.For the Round TripSpecial train leaves Paris, Kyi, 8:20a. m., returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m.New45c Cigar INo. 8 1iNatural Bridge,$1.50Sunday, Oct. 11.TRAIN LEAVES 10 A. M.Round trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily from Oct. 1st, 1914, toApril 30, 1915, to all principal touristpoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico,Texas and Havana, Cuba, with finalreturn limit May 31, 1915, with verylibeval stop-over privileges. Also lowround-trip Home-Seekers tickets taMoscow's Distinctive Theater. ,Applause is never accorded the artists at the Moscow Art theater. Curtain calls are never allowed. Realismand naturalness, above everythingelse, are striven for. Priests are notallowed to witness theatrical performances in Russia, . but several of theleading churchmen in Moscow neverfail to see all the productions at theArt theater from behind the scenes.CONSUMPTION TAKES350 PEOPLE DAILYOver 350 people succumb to con-'sumption every day in the United States.Science proves that the germs onlythrive when the system is weakened f romcolds or sickness, overwork, confiningduties or when general weakness exists.The best physicians point out thatduring changing seasons the 'blood shouldbe made rich and pure and active by takingScott'sEmulsiouafter meals. The codliver oil in Scott's Emulsion warms thebody bv enriching the blood ; it peculiarlystrengthens the lungs and throat, while itupbuilds the resistive forces of the bodyto avoid colds and prevent consumption.If 3'ou work indoors, tire easily, feellanguid or nervous, Scott' s Emulsion is themoststrengtheningfood-inedicine known.it is totally free from alcohol or anystupefying drug. Avoid substitutes.14-42 "Scott & Bovrae, Bloomfield, N. J.Fluke Hog of the Sea.The slab-sided, flat-bottomed flukeis not a game fish, but he is muscular,r and when he decides .to bore down tothe bottom. his Hat shape aids him ingiving a good account of himself. Heis the hog of the sea, although he prefers that which is alive. After beinghooked the fish will lie still and notmove until the angler notifies him byhauling upward. Then the fluke gotsbusy.1 On Sale at AllCigar Stands.TONED UP WHOLE SYSTEM."Chamberlain's Tablets have donemore for me than I ever dared hopepoints in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana for ," writes Mr3. Esther Mae Baker,and Mississippi, on sale first and third Spencerport, N- Y. "J used several TTuesdays of each month, with final bottles of these tablets a few months!return limit vfteenvdn.ys from date of ago. They not only cured me of.sale. For further information, call on bilious attacks, sick headaches andor address, - , j that tired out feeling, bnt toned upJ. K. SMITH, T. A., my whole systemr' For sale by alljpe Happy!A Thousands and thousands of women, whohave everything that heartcould desire to make themhappy, are miserable onaccount of womanly trouble. If you are of thisnumber; stop worrying,and 'give Cardui a trial.It has brought health andhappiness to thousands.TAKE1 iR Cardui 3The Woman's TonicMrs. Delphinia Chancewrites from Collins,Miss.: "I suffered terriblyfrom womanly troubles.We had five doctors, butit seemed I could not getany better. I decided totry Cardui. After I beganto take it, I got betterevery day. Now I feel aswpllacsf overdid" TrvIbl .Cardui. today. E-66Your Coal Bin Full?Our Coal will give the best results inyour heating stove and furnace, as -wellas in your cooking stove.The Coal we sell burns better, givesjnore heat and lasts longer than anvany other Coal. Give us a trial order.Dodson DentonParis, Ky.Yi:i, SDi'ihMiin St.Bath Phones 140HLGfex$SGcSSAX3QQ3SiSSBt26&is. n.8GEO. W. DAVISFDNERAL DIRECTOfi AND LICENSED EMBALMER., BOTH'PHOKES DAX 137; NIGHT 299.NMMNaMiNaMiNParis Odorless Cleaning Co. 1ILet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when "we send your' clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked.to your satisfaction.We Call Tor and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.1Paris Odorless Cleaning Co.Sam.Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Gleaned, short, 10c; long 25c1 NMMMMMMMiIDIExpert CarriagePainter.Ivri1. Percy Halin, tlie expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast 8 yers, has opened a shop at the"corner of Pouth and High Streets, $ndsolicits the patronage of those need-Handsome Resdence For Sale.My residence on ML Airy Is forsale. One of the most modern hmesin Paris. Every convenience. Prospective buyers -are invited to inspectI dealers.LriS4the building ami premises.W. H. HARRIsrAgt.iug auj uiiug in "ilia 1U1D., .(opt-ady)-Both-Phoni-583..Atr(28jly-tf)MRS.. IT A. PATONK T'SJ&.M&. L-&iv ?1;:5rv4'Wn.Vk.WA .v;&f1 rk,, -- - -t. a,.ft'ft - . f .---f , ... V.fc,r'ViOy?tIf-iv - -j rt? sm -"v it . :iu-( -- J"-,W"- .,-. . ' iy." .i. f. -5' W,-?"''- 1r' l. rr . ' k, - T iVHv?siWi.k -r . ' -jzT" if' , v.tX-orX Al , 3 ' C.n 'Si -'. - . ,.ji-rTHFvRftIlkrtnw MFUQ PARK rrv -nsrTratCTJ rJa ri-ff, ,tTHE' :BOUk60N ;NEW& PARIS, iKY"JOqXOER & tsilv(i.ixt4M.MIL GLOSSY. I' r . ,, ""rHAIR, FREEFROM DANDRUFFiIDEAL HUBBIES TrIESEFINpiNG OF TWO MEN WHO METAND COMPARED NOTES.NOTICE DF CONTESTGirls! Try Itl Your 'Hair Gest Soft,Fluey and Luxurant at Onone.If you nare for lieayy hair, thatglistens with beauty and is radiantwith life; has an incomparable softness and is fluey and lustrous, tryDanderine. vJust one application doubles thebeauty of your hair, besides it? immediately dissolves every particle ofdafldrug, you cannot have nice, heavyhair if you have dandruff. This destructive scurf robs the hair of itsmster, its strength and its very lifeand if not overcome it produces afeverishness and itching of the scalp;the hair roots famish, loosen and diethen the hair falls out fast.If your hair has been neglected andis thin, faded, dry, scraggy or toooily, get a 25 cent bottle- of Knowlton's Danderine at any drug store ortoilet counter; apply a little as directed and ten minutes after you willsay tms was me Dest investment youever made.We sincerely believe, regardless ofeverything else advertised, that if youdesire soft, lustrous, beautiful hairand lots of it no dandruff no itching scalp and no more faling hairyou must use Knowlton's Danderine.If eventually why not now?Respective Helpmeets Assure Themselves That They Have CapturedCm!... ! --Mes in jne Matrimonial SeaHave They?Mrs. McFee and my wife are bosomfriends; that is, they are close friendor, at least, my wife is close. They areas bosnmv hnon. . j .. . I"m xxieuuB as it is possible for friends to be, rememberingas we do that the Siamese twins werethe only successful, sure-enough bosomlucuua Luat ever lived. And being A", " ilieuus tney often have eitherMcFee or me on the grill.Strange to record, each one insistsItl-h V Jn ldeaI husband yet I Now come T. F. Brannon, Jameseacn thinks the choice of the other . Porter, Robert Spencer, Oscar Ped-dicord, Ed. Slattery, John Johnson,James Cummins, Claude Ratlin5, C. N.BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY:IN THE MATTER OF THE ELECTION HELD IN BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, ON MONDAY,SEPTEMBER, 28TH, 1914,ON THE PETITION OF WM.MYALL AND OTHERS, TOTAKE THE SENSE OF THE LEGAL VOTERS OF BOURBONCOUNTY, ON THE QUESTIONWHETHER OR NOT SPIRITUOUS, VINOUS OR MALT LIQUORSSHALL BE SOLD, BARTERED ORLOANED THEREIN, THIS LAWAND PROHIBITION TO APPLY.TO DRUGGISTS, ALSO.GROUNDS OF CONTEST.the precinct in) which they, were legal;ly entitled to register-and-' vote, werenot permitted to register and therebywere prevented from voting. k11. Because the Bourbon CountyBoard of Election Commissioners intne appointment of officers to holdsai. registration, and "said election onSeptember 28, 1914, on September 18, 1wrongiuny ana uni.awtully and withpurpose and intent to favor those opposed to said proposition, appointedclerks of registration and electionfrom the list "of names furnished bythose opposed to said proposition infive out of the six precincts in theCity of Paris, and thereby wrongfullyand unlawfully, "and unjustly gave tothose opposed to said proposition,control "of registration in said fiveprecincts out of six in the City ofParis; and because of these factsheretofore set out, said election wasnot free and equal..BOURBON CQUNTYKENTUCKY.IN THE MAT,TEROF THE ELECTION HELD IN BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, ON MONDAYSEPTEMBER 2B, 1914, ON THEPETITION OF WM. MVAT.T. AxmOTHERS, TO TAKE THE SENSEBOURBON COUNTY ON THEQUESTION WHETHER OR NOTSPIRITUOUS,' VINOUS OR MALTLIQUORS SHALL BE SOLD,BAR-- TERED OR LOANED THEREIN, THIS LAW AND PROHIBITIONT PkY TO DRUGGISTSALSO.ff1)011)oner's SateV:-OP .unwarranted. Peculiar creatures, wornen; well, curious, at' anv mtoMrs. McFee says an ideal husband is ' -ea.aiGOra Jas. Connelly, Harry Sal-Ascertain Your Specialty.Not every man has equal earningability or financial judgment. But every man has certain talents that maybe used to better advantage than theyare. Don't try to do the other man'sjob. There is one thing that you cando better than any one else. Thatability developed means money foryou. Then use a little horse sense andsave for the future, or for that enlarged business you are dreamingabout. -TjnSSOT .f v& -PINNACLECONCERTCOMPANY,one that never wears out Meaningu' au.euuuns, ODVlOUSly.My major fraction adds to this: Onethat never wears out his clothes.Meaning. that thereby he has moremoney with which to buy his wifeshimmering, sun-showing slits.Remarks one: The ideal husbandnever complains at expense. Subjoins the other: Only his own.Says one: The ideal hnshnnrf winstand the acid test. And comes theacquiescent amendment: Even when'the acid is" in his coffee. (Well, somemight be glad to.)The ideal husband, take it from oneof the wives, never makes his wifefeel small, except to quote the otherwhen he promises to keep her inhis mind while she is on-her vacation.iney agree on this: The ideal husband is rare.And McFee and I. are ideal husbands! . He "and I sat together the othernight and compared notes. 'He toldme what his She told him and myShe told her of me, and I told himwhat my She told me his She told herof him. And then we swapped yarnsof what our She told us of the other'sHe, and what our She told vts of ourselves. We began the session withan epigram, broadened it to a squib,widened it to a short story, and leneth-ped it to a serial, to be continued Iat such times as we felt the need ofosmn, Malachi Flanacan. ElmerNichols, Frank Sullivan, James Curtis, and say that they are each and allcitizens and legal voters in the Cityof Paris, Bourbon County, Kentucky,and citizens and legal voters in Bourbon County, Kentucky; and they further say that the election held inBourbon County, Kentucky, on Monday, September 28, 1914, on the petition of Wm. Myall and others, to takethe sense of the legal voters of Bourbon County on the question whetheror not spirituous, vinous or maltliquors shall be sold: bartered or loan-led in Bourbon County, this law andprohibition to apply to druggists also,was illegal, invalid, and null and void,for the following reasons, to-wit:1. Because the petition of saidWm. Myall and others,, uponwhose request said election was called, was not signed by a number oflsgal voters in each precinct in Bourbon County, equal to twenty-five percent, of the votes cast therein, at thelast preceding general election r2. Because said petition was notsigned by a number of legal votersequal to twenty-five per cent, of thevotes cast in Bourbon County at thelast preceding general election.3. Because the Judge of the Bourbon County Court, after the filing ofthe petition and before entering anorder of election thereon did nothear proof that said petition wassigned by a number of legal votersequal to twenty-five per cent, of thevotes cast in Bourbon County at thelast perceding general election.4. Because said petitioners whose12. Because in Clintonville Precinct No. 2, in Bourbon County, andin North IVIiddletown Precinct No. 2,in Bourbon County, and in Millersburg Precinct No. 1, and in variousother precincts in Bourbon County inwhich the officers of election takenfrom the list of names furnished bythose favoring said proposition did notappear at the polls at six o'clock onthe morning of the election, to-wit,on September 28th, 1914, the otherofficers and the voters present opposed to said proposition wrongfullyand unlawfully, refused and failed towait thirty minutes as required bylaw, for the appearance of the regularly appointed officers, and wrongfully and unlawfully selected otherofficers from bystanders present totake the place of such .officers thatwere regularly appointed'; and wrongfully and unlawfully selected otherofficers fronT among the bystanderswho favored said proposition.13. Because the Sheriff of Bourbon County did not advertise in aweekly and daily paper published inthe County, said notice of electionfor at least two weeks before saidA MANDATORY AND SUPPLEMENTAL GROUNDS FOR' CONTEST.Now come T. F. Brannon, JamesPorter, Robert Spencer, Oscar Peddicord Ed. Slattery, John Johnson,James Cummins, Claude Ratliff, C. NPeddicord, James Connelly, HarrySaloshin,. Malachi Flanan wi,tNichols, Frank Sullivan and Jamesourtis anu amend their grounds ofcontest filed herein on October 3rd,1914, and especially the first paragraph thereof, and for amendmentsay that they are and each of them isa citizen and resident of the UnitedStates of America; that they andeach of them is engaged in the busi-uebs or selling spirituous, vinousand malt liquors by retail, in ParisBourbon. County, Kentucky, bylicense, and are autorized to conductsaid business in said territory by virtue of license granted to eanh nf timby the United States of AmericaCommonwealth of Kentucky and theCity of Paris; and that the license ofthem and each of them were on September 28th, 1914, and now are infull force and effect.2. They come and "amend the 18thground of contest heretofore fited. amifor amendment thereto they say thatuiey are citizens and residents of theUnited States of America and theCommon wealth of Kentuckv. nf thpPARISREAL ESTATEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Thomas J. Smith, Banking Com- imissioner, by BucknerWood-ford, Special Deputy Bank-"s v,uimnissioner, -Vs. Notice of Sale. 'Paris Base Ball Club, - - DefeaW VxJf ,- Pfarff-Under and bv virtu e - ...SSI 2L 1 the BS?rT. wL, lenaerea in th wtstvlPri , .".:, . tm3 .nirr, "' tur. .undersigned MastedHrrfT wm sell.at Public.'t-. . " "uus uoor m tne r.itv,election and in fact failed to adver- County of Bourbon, and of the City ofuiiu saiu meuuuu lur lwu wugks uy runs; ana tney say that they areposting a written or printed lmnd bill . engaged in the business of retailingat some conspicuous place in eachprecinct of said County as requiredby law; and because said Sheriffonly advertised said election in theBourbon News in the issue beginningAugust 14th, and ending with theissue of August 21st, said newspaperbeing published in Bourbon County,and because said election was not apvertised for two consecutive weeksjust preceding the election as contemplated by the Statutes of Kentucky.vovMrfc nrrturt rirmrt3 r o$l v r 4- J 4- i -rest from the domestic entanglements, 'd ot offer any proof tlm said peti-.. i.,v. .wuccucu icu enuugu wim tion was signea by a number of legalme inesis to De able to get its gist.Simply, we are merely married men.voters in said County equal to twenty-five per cent, of the votes cast thereinUNDER THE AUSPICES OF THEPARIS EPWORTH LEAGUE.Methodist ChurchS O'clock P. M.,MONDAY,, fOCTOBER I mELLEN H. ALDERSON,Violinist.BESSIE LEIGH, ,Reader.MARY DEGHMAN MARGRAVE,Accompanist,R Rare Treat .In Storefor Paris Music Lovers.To avoid quarrels and discussions, we at the last preceding general elec-let our wives have their own way. Ourwives are wise wives. Frequently theyflaunt the battle flag; then we yieldinstantly.That's what makes an ideal husband or else one of them does notknow anything about it. Ideal husbands may be rare, but they are notrare long. Their wives usually andquickly do them brown to a turn.Judge.General Admission 50c; Childrenunder 12 years, 25c. Special sectionreserved for colored people. Admission 25c.Tickets now on sale at The ArderyDrug Co., Clarke &Co's, old stand.0ATTENTION::o4-PEOPLE!Do You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right. ;Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.SPfCERSGILCHRISTELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101o4-Chimes at Night.There is one nocturnal noise whichmost of us, when we hear it, contriveto tolerate. That man would have nomusic in his soul who should grumbleat the ringing of the midnight chimes.Do you remember the experience of"Henry Ryecroft?" "I once passed anight in a little market town whereI had arrived tired and went to bedearly. I slept forthwith, but was presently awakened by I know not what;in the darkness there sounded a sortof music, and, as my brain cleared,I was aware of the soft chiming ofchurch bells. Why, what hour couldit be? I struck a light and looted atmy watch. Midnight Then a glowcame over me. 'We have heard thechimes at midnight, Master Shallow!'Never till then had I heard them. Andthe town in which I slept was Evesaw, but a few miles from Stratford-on-Avon."From the London Chronicle."Our Books the Best of Us."George Meredith said this, refusingan interviewer who wished to accountof his personality to the public. Maynot the nation as a whole echo thesaying? The books that the nationgives to the world are the best of itwhen indeed the books are true ones.and alas! when they are' the othersort, shall not he whose pen was concerned regret that he sided with theworst of his countrymen? Here iswhy the Anglo-Saxon may stand firmin hope. Whatever the faults of insularity, provincialism, of spreadeagleism or Whatever you will, thegreat books written in the Englishlanguage speak the best of these nations, and give reassurance of thatwhich lies at the heart of each. MaryStanhope.Activities of Women.Russia has over 40 female priests.St. Louis has a woman's law college.The Japanese newspapers employmany women.Women are most preferred as military spies. ,Three women of France have volunteered to serve in the aviationcorps. They are experienced aviatrices, holding pilot's licenses, andtwo of them Mile. Marvingt andHelen Dutrien have done scout dutysince war was declared.Among the prominent Americanwomen who are assisting in Red Cross,work in France, are: Mrs. W.lK.Vantierbilt, who has a private hospital intion.o. Because the Judge of the Bourbon County Court, at the next regular term thereof, after receiving saidpetition, did not make an order on hisorder book, directing an election to beheld in said county on some datenamed in said petition, no earlier thansixty days after said application waslodged with the Judge of said Court,directing the Sheriff, or any otherofficer of said County, appointed tohold said election, to open a poll ateach and all voting places in saidCounty, on said date, for the purposeof taking the sense ot the legal votersof said County, who were qualifiedto vote at elections for Countyofficers, upon the proposition whetheror not spirituous, vinous or maltliqpor shall be sold, bartered or loaned therein, or whether or not anyprohibition law in force in saidCounty, or in any city, town, precinctor district thereof, by virtue of anygeneral or special act or acts shallbecome inoperative.6. Because the order which wasspread upon the order boolc of theCounty Court, purporting to call saidelection on September 23th, 1914, wasnot signed by the Judge of the Bourbon County Court and is thereforenull an. void, and of no effect.7. Because in said purported orderof election, the County Judge of Bourbon County did not, at the same time,fix a date for the registration forthose people entitled to vote thereat,whose names had not been recorde.on the registration book of that year;and did not require same to be published in like manner as the time andplace of said election of vote are required to be published.8. Because upon a petition filedbyT. F. Brannon and others, whichpetition contained a number of legalvoters in each precinct of the City ofParis, equal to twenty-five per cent,of the votes cast therein at the lastpreceding general election, Jthe Judgeof the Bourbon County Court had ordered an election to be held- in eachprecinct of the City of Paris on September 26th, 1914, to take the senseof the legal voters of each of saidprecincts of the Gity of Paris uponthe question whether or not spirituous, vinous or malt liquors shall besold, bartered or loaned in the Gity ofParis, this law and prohibition to apply to druggists also, and had fixedSeptember 18th, 1914, as a day forthe registration of those persons entitled, to vote thereat whose nameshad not been recorded on the registration books of tliat year; and because the said Judge of the BourbonCounty Court in the order 'for "aspecial registration day for the election, which vwas held on September 28th, 1914, did not fix &special registration day for that election. 9. Because the County . Board ofElection Commissioners in appointing the elsction officers to conductsaid registration 'and said election didnot divide said officers equally asrequired by law, between those favoring said proposition and those opposing said proposition.10. Because at the special registration "which was .held in " tire Cityof Paris on September 'IStlu 1914.Jfjal .votersv in said City of ..Paris,who . wre . entitled to rAtnsfpr14. Because in each and all of thevoting precincts in said County, theelection officers refused to allowcavers ana sundry persons, ana mfact, numerous persons to vote uponthe proposition of whether or notspirituous, vinous or malt liquorsshall be sold, bartered or loaned insaid County, who were legally; qualified to" vote at said election, and permitted divers persons to vote at saidelection who were not entitled to voteand for reasons herein before setout, said election was not free andequal and was therefore null and void.15. Because the act of the Legislature known as "An Act to AmendChapter 81, Article 1, entitledTfiquors Intoxicating' of KentuckyStatutes, Carroll's Edition, 1909, byrepealing Section's 2554 and 2557 andenacting other provisions in lieuthereof," Chapter 13 of the session of1914, approved March 13th, 1914, violated Section Gl of the Constitutionof the Commonwealth of Kentucky inthat it does not provide for the taking the sense of the legal voters upon the question of whether or notspirituous, vinous or malt liquorsshall be sold, bartered or loaned inand unit, city, town, district or precinct smaller than a county.16. Because the act of the Legislature "An act to amend Chapter 81,Article 1, entitled 'Liquors Intoxicating' of Kentucky Statutes, Carroll'sDdition, 1909, by repealing Section2554 and 2557 and enacting other provisions in lieu thereof," Chapter 13of the Session Acts of 1914, approvedMarch 13, 1914, violates Section 51of the Constitution or the Commonwealth of Kentucky, in that it relatesto more than one subject, and because the subject of said act is notroll's Edition, 1909, by repealing Secexpressed in the title of said act.17. Because 'the act of the Legislature "An act to amend Chapter 81,Article 1, entitled 'Liquors Intoxicating' of Kentucky Statutes, Carrolls Edition, 1909, by repealing Section 2554 and 2557 and enacting otherprovisions in lieu thereof,' Chapter 13of the session acts of 1914, approvedMarch 13, 1914, .dated Section 13 of the 'Bill of Rights of theState of Kentucky in that, it providesfor the taking of a man's propertyand the application of same to publicuse without just compensation bei,npreviously made to him.18. Because said act "An act toamend Chapter 81, Article 1, en-I titled Liquors Intoxicating' of Kentucky Statutes Carroll's Edition, 1909,by repealing 'Section 2554 and 2557and enacting other provisions inlieu thereof," Chapter 13, of the session Acts of 1914, approved March13, 1914, is violative of the Constitution of the United States 'and particularly of the fourteenth . amendmentthereto, Sub Section 1, in that it pro-Jvides the means or depriving a person of his liberty and property without due process of law, and that itdenies to the contestants hereinwithin its jurisdiction, the equal protection of the law.T. F. BRANNON, .ROBERT SPENCER,ED. SLATTERY,JAMES CUMMINS,C. N. PEDDICORD,HARRY SALOSHIN,ELMER NICHOLS,JAMES CURTIS,JAMES PORTER,SCAR PETTICORD,JOHN JOHNSON,CLAUDE RATLIFF,-JAMES CONNELLY,MALACHX FLANAGAN,FRANK SULLIVAN. .spirituous, vinous and malt liquors inthe 'City of Paris, Bourbon County,ivenuicKy, unaer license duly granted to them by the United States ofAmerica, the State of Kentucky, andthe City of Paris, and that saidlicenses were in iuU force and effecton September 28th, 1914, and are stillin full force and effect; and they saythat said licenses will not expire untilafter sixty days from the date of Iheentry of the certificate of the"" Canvassing Board of Bourbon County inthe Order Book of the County Court,unless the entry thereof is suspended.They say that said Act is illegaland unconstitutional and void, because i deprives these contestants oftheir property without due process oflaw, and abridges the privilegesand immunities of these contestants as citidens of the UnitedStates, and denies to thesecontestants, who are persons withinthe jurisdiction of the United States,and of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, the equa protection of" thelaws in violation of said Section 1 ofArticle 14 ot the Amendments to theConstitution of the United States, andof sections 1, 5 and 6 of the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. " .3. They further say, and as the19th ground of contest, that hereto-jfore, to-wit: On the day ofApril, 1907, at an election duly ordered and held in the City of Paris,Bourbon County, Kentucky, the saidCity of Paris took advantage of theStatutes in such cases made and provided, and by reason of said electionsegregated itself and constituteditself a unit upon said proposition;and at said election a majority of thelegal votes cast; in said territory wascast in favor of the sale, barter orloan of spirituous, vinous and malt'liquors, and that afterwards, to-wit:On September 26, 1914, at an election held in the City of Paris, to takethe sense of the legal voters on saidproposition of whether s'pirituous,vinous or malt liquors should be sold,bartered or loaned in said City, a 'majority of the legal votes cast was infavor of the sale of liquor withinsaid City; and the contestants saythat the said, City of Paris, by reason of the matters hereinbefore setout is and was a separate unit, andunder the Statutes made and provided in such cases it is and was entitled to vote separately from theCounty of Bourbon on the sale, barter or lean of spirituous, vinous ormalt liquors, and to determine foritself such question independently ofsaid County; and that said City ofParis has so voted and has votedand decided in favor of such sale;and that by reason of the mattersherein set out, the election held inthe County of Bourbon on the 28thvday of September, 1914, is null, voidand of no effect as far as theCity ofPa'ris in concerned.T. F. BRANNON,JAMES PORTER,ROBERT SPENCER,OSCAR PEDDICORD,ED. SLATTERY,JOHN JOHNSON,.CLAUDE RATLIFF, .JAMES CUMMINS,C. N. PEDDICORD,JAMES CONNELLY,' HARRY SALQSHIN,MALACHI FLANAGAN,ELMER NICHOLS,FRANK SULLIVAN,JAMES CURTIS,Commissioner will selLatTpubliParis Ky., abouV tte toS" ofSo clock a. m., on . 7 T"fcSaturday, October II, mithe following described property:' ''Situated in T?nnnn -. . ,tucky, and being acts nX 'White's Addition" to the CRy of Paris' "as shown on plat of said addftCfiled and recorded in the BomC" "County Court Clerk's office idbook 93, page 249. Said toacls artbounded and described as fSfowstTract No. 5. Beginning at 5 corl?M f"?6 f N- 4' thefce S 13 B;?-?' on Stoner; thence down Stonerthence S 77 E T665 feet to L tenmg, containing three acresTract No. 6. Beginning at 7 inme of No. 5; thence S lo.H-277 feetN 77 B6W f ,tr?Ct ?: 7; "si u, iL 597 feet to G, on Stoner-'thence with ordinary 'water SN IT 1-2, w 281 feet tnBeing the same two tracts of Ianrtbvnwe? to thParis Base S8bbj .Whaley and Board n ; """corded in deed book- 96, page 80.Also a certain lot of ground inWhiteJs Addition to the Citfof Pari?'being lot No. 45, as shown on tte?fc w sailadition,said lot frontingX-et S$ Catherine Street andex-o Til foof netW-een Parallelto p. 12 foot alley in the rear, a dis-ace f feet and beSreeLlots Nos. 44 and 4fi t,0,-v, !,-.!:.RhT10 said Paris BaBall Club by Joe Farmer and wife bv2ffd eT o!d ln said CIerk's offie i -deedbook 96, page 322.Also a certain lot of ground in saidaddition being lot No. 46, as shownon said plat, fronting 50 feet oa St.Catherine Street and extending backbetween parallel lines to a 12 footalley, a distance of 144 feet, and hmg between lot No. 45 on the south:and George Street on .the north. ' 'Also lot No. 74, as shown on saidplat fronting 60 feet on St. Catherine-Street and extending back betweenparallel lines to a 12 foot alley a distance of 144 feet, and Ivinp- hpfwooGeorge Street on the south, and "lotNo. 75 on the north.Also lot No? 76, as shown on saidplat fronting 60 feet on St CatherineStreet and running back between parallel lines to a 13 foot alley, a distance of 144 feet, lying between lotNo. 74 and a 12 foot alley.The last three lots were conveyed? , "to the Paris Base Ball Club by Board- "man and Whaley by deed recorded hx. "said office in deed book 96, page 352.,In offering said tracts of land, .theMaster will offer the parcels as theywere originally Maid off on the plat ofWhite's Addition to the City of Paris ' v vHe will then offer tract No. 5 separately and apart; he will then ofter-- 'tract No. 6; he will then offer tractknown as lot No. 45; he will then.6"offer the tract known as lot No. 46 ;. .he will then offer tract known as No, J74; he will then offer tract known atNo. 75; he will then offer all of said. vtracts -together., Said sale will be made upon credVits of six and twelve months for equal -partsof the purchase money, the pur- -chaserbeing required to execute bonr?for equal installments of the purchaseprice with good surety to be- approved by the Master Commissioner, payable to the said Commissioner andbearing interest at the rate, of sixf perrcent, per annum from date of sakxuntil paid, and have the force andeffect of a judgment.'- -By DENIS DUNDON,J. J. WILLIAMS,Attorneys for Contstants.fWHYSaid sale being made to satisfy . 'J judgment of plaintiff against the daienaanc ior tne sum of $2,243.91,.subject to a credit of $150.00 as ofTJanuary 23, 1913, and the furtWcredit of ?389.17,'as of March 1, 1914,and the further credit of $150.00 a atJune 20, 1914, with interest at tha rateof six per cent, per annum" from the19th day of April, 1913, until paid,.together with the costs of 'this- action, amounting to $ .C. A.- McMILLAN;T. C. B, Q. C ,j. j. wiuiams, Attorney , "M. F Kenney, Auctioneer. '' - 1. j'i.For Sale.-Pans; Mrs. Van Allen 'Shields, Mrs,on said dotey-and who Vere" entitled L - Bv nRNTSnTTKmrw k 'Mi Potter maimer, Mrs. .Caroline tfranK to vote -at? said PlsWimi and -wi-i .n , . rT-.'T nhT.TTifd l ZJMTZCTtake chances withyour fowls?Bourbon Poultry Cureis absolute and quick death tothe germs of roup, colds andothecfcjnfecilcus diseases. Afew drops in the drinking waterkUls the disease eennsand pre-vents cicknes s. One 50c bottlomakes 22 erallon3 of medicine.At drngeists, or by maiU post-'TafcL. Valuable' poultry bookPony Saddle and Blanket j for 'x- ., -. w xu4Uue m xyews ontqft. ttFor Rent.ijrame House on Second- wtrktliApply at J315 Pleasant Street &'abuuuuc if, or .ax jariis5? BODMOn 1XHI&Y CO., UxS-Jte. ir.-Store, E. 'T. Tel9$iiaft 5ttf.'' . ' .f-'n-..: a. tiI lira P.IsrATiCA TT liyVav-. .- vtVharl fm nnTrntodnrtn ..t.4-n ; it i - - ' .. 7- . . . . ,SLfree.c- m.m vww ivufli'j . . . mawm. aua tix jt&iij7ijx lw iriBLni -fit j j w .t . ATrnTnovotTnT i 'nni-nflproTi ve hih -tt;.THE B0URBONJEVi&vl,ARI5 KENTUCKY, :0TQBR 9,. Iffaj'rsA MUSICAL-TREAT.jjTke Pinnacle Concert Company, ',.oodbiating of Miss Ellen N. Alderson, 'TrSofeaist, Miss Bessie Leigh,-r story-tefiiag and monologists, and MissJCary.. Dech'man Margrave, accompanJat, Trill render one of thei rsplendidurograms on"Monday night, October;12, at tiie Metnodist Church unaer taerapices ofIjeagme.5DEATHS,TOOMY.-Jerry Toomy, aged about 65 years.the Paris Epworth ed- of nephritis at his home in Millersburg, Tuesday morning, after . aMiss Alderson has studied with lingering illness. The burial tooksome of the most eminent violinists Place yesterday morning at 10 o'clock,of the country. Among them the in tue Millersburg cemetery, with, ser--wreU-knownItalian violinist and com- vices conducted by Rev. J. D. Redd,39wer Pier Adolfo Trindelli, of the of the Methodist church.Cincinrilti Conservatory of Music, I3ter with Victor Kuzdo, the Hungar- DR. G L RANKIN STRICKENJn 5L nwi fm W,TH ATTACK OF APPENDICITIS.j3wia.pest, an artist of wide reputa-tin and favorite pupil ' of Leopold Dr Geo; L. h of PariSf while2 rfh n?dHUnSaan Vir; Cincinnati, Tuesday, on profession?'c "ttZSZ m?L aiZ ldS ?St al'business, was suddenly stricken-famous artists. Miss Alderson is a with ai, attack Qf acute annendicitiqlUUrt of exceptional-talent and her Tt tte S&otel, Xere KTEd beenplayiag never fails to delight lier au- stoppingLeigh.is one of the most, pop-Q &JgS2S-jr readers m the West. She is an d about ei ht . k Tuesdartist whobas a charming personal- nightf and after5registering, complain-Mj uu a. 6 6"" uu.xf fid Qf nofc feeling weU While gtanddree from affection.ing in front of the hotel he becameREVERSES BOURBON COURTTMs trio of musicians give promise -olv ,u nn -m, WQO c.of rendering one of the best musical moned and'diagnosed the case asprograms heard in Pans for a number acute appendicitis and advised an im-JS. in another column of this JE" aK? Wntue laavj Kenney was summoned. He met the, L. & N. train at Falmouth, returninghere with Dr. Rankin.On "Wednesday morning the patientTie Court of Appeals reversed the was operated on at the Massie Memojudgment of the Bourbon Circuir Court rial Hospital by Dr. Barclay, of LexWednesday, in the case of Thomas J. ington, assisted by Drs. Herrin, ofSmith, Banking Commissioner, hold- Lexington, Daugherty, Kenney anding that Smith as Banking Commis- Brown, of Paris.Eioaer, has the right to offer for sale' At the Hospital last night Dr. Ranxeal estate belonging to the defunct kin was reported as resting comfortJLleyander State Bank at Paris. j ablv and getting along very nicely,Just before the bank was closed by after recovering from the first shockfile Banking Department it had made -of the operation.arrangements to convey a piece of j ,xeaKestate in Paris to Mrs. Sallie B.JBtamblett." When Commissioner PARKS' HILL TO REOPENSmith took charge t)f the bank he . "Thought suit to be empowered to sell j The famous old Parks' Hill Campthe real .estate and personal property Ground, in Nicholas County, which ran"belonging to the bank. The lower for fifty years and has been closed forcourt authorized him to sell the per- the past three years, is to be re-open-swaalproperty v of the bank, but held ed as a health resort. W. E. Damon,xaax. unaer me Danmng act ne coumi0f Bowling Green, who recently pur-:not convey or sell the bank's realestate. This was denied by the CourtWednesday..INJURED MAN MAY DIE.34r. A. P. Henry, who was serioasly injured by a fall from a tobacco"barn at the farm of Mr. B. B. Marsh,sear Paris some dafs ago, lingers, ina. critical condition at the MassieMemorial Hospital, and it is thoughtlie will not recover.NOTICE TO STOCK OWNERS.All persons driving live stockthrough, the streets of Paris are resquired to furnish sufficient men withthe lierds to keep said stock fromfc Tanning through and damaging theTares aiong me streets.Considerable complaint is made byresidents "Of Paris about stock beingallowed to run through their lawns,damaging hedges, flowers, etc.J. T. HINTON,(oct2-if)- Mayor.chased the property, is incorporatinga company with $10,000 capital stockto improve and operate the property.A large convention hall and three hundred cottages will be erected, and aChautauqua Assembly will be held)TO-DAY FIRE PREVENTION, DAY.Gov. McCreary, in an official "proclamation recently issued, designated today, Friday, October 9, as "Fire Prevention Day," and- calls upQn all thehouseholders and occupants of business property in Keytucky to observethe day by removing combustible material;1 repairing flues and remodelingconditions and defects in their premises, which might be the cause of ignition or the spread of flames.A careful survey of premises in thiscity would reveal some very condi-1tions such as the proclamation issuedby Gov. McCreary seeks to eliminate..Rubbish of all kinds is, relegated tocellars in some business houses', andeven in residences, where fire precautions are most needed, rubbish is allowed to accumulate, which shouldhave been destroyed. Every precaution possible should be taken to' reduce the "fire risk. Paris has .beenextremely fortunate in respect tofiresf having had but one very seriousone in a long time, yet a little carelessness can be the cause of a conflagration that would in a short timewipe out thousands of dollars worthof property. A little prevention canbe the means of ececting a great saving. One of the commonest causes offires in the carelessness displayed inleaving matches lying around loosewhere mice and rats can get to them.STONER CREEK STOCKEDWITH CHANNEL CATFISH.State Game Warden George M. Hill,representing the Kentucky StateGame and Fish Commission, on Tuesday placed in Stoner Creek 1,500young channel catfish fqr propagatingpurposees. These fish grow rapidlyand make one of the finest food fishesknown. With the protection now afforded the food fishes of the State bywise game laws that are being strictlyenforced there will be plenty of finesport for the fisherman when thesefish attain an eatable size. The Commission has also recently had placedin streams of Flemingsburg and Carlisle 1,500 Channel catfish and youngstriped bass. Tne young fish werecaught in the Ohio River. A largeconsignment of these fish was alsoplaced in the Cumberland River between Pineville and Harlan.THEATRICAL.The Columbia To-day."The Battle of the Seres," a dramain five reels, featuring Donald Crisp,Robert Harron and Lillian Gisli.Frank Andrews, a successful business man a man who. has alwaysfound pride and joy in the companyof his loving wife and daughter suddenly finds himself enthralled by theadvances of a gay young woman asiren, who lives in the same apartment house. So marked an influencedoes she have over him as time progresses that at last he quite forgetshis home ties, neglects his family andgoes the way of mahy other menwho have forgotten the meaning ofpaternity and blood ties. The storyis advanced through many scenes enacted with the accompanying notes ofNew York's night life, and the denouncement comes when the faithfulwife discovers her husband's infidelity. At this time he mother's mindnearly loses balance, while Jane, thebeautiful daughter, crazed by the griefof her mother, determines to take partin the tragedy. With revolver inhand she steals up to the apartmentof the woman, but-her frail nature isovercome by the tempermental angerof the woman and her mission fails.However the errand is not fraughtwith failure, for the father, comingin at this moment, finds his daughterbeing made love to by the sweetheartof the young woman, and realizes theroad upon which he has traveled.Then he comforts his daughter andsays, "You, my daughter wha tareyou doing here?" th.e daughteranswers, "My father, what are youdoing here?" The realization isbrought home to the father's"" mindthat the law of moral ethics that governs a woman's life necessarily governs that of man as well. Reformation comes in his character. He takeshis daughter away with him and to-gather they go back to their home ofhappiness and content."THI 1 1 1 f tii4ittifM4'mH M'tfltjU I llllllfwt i t "r w ir . " .4 Vwon, W-iledtUo:-REAL ESTATE DEALS.Miss Georgia Boston, who has re-riext season. Mr. Damon will also , "L1 " A"6luu LU ,V :erect a fine summer home on the sold inteein. 36 ac1r.e? ?f 1Jndrrn,,nri wivi, w1mi h rptiv im. near Elizabeth Station, adjoining the0v.., ...... ........ .w 0. -.v - t ir TT-ii i -ht-.,. mu,-. i a. II us uj. jus. ivi. snail unu ivna. xiiuiiip-I son Tarr, to Jonas and Simon Weil,ot .Lexington, at ngures not maae puo-proved.BRISTOW WINS SUIT.lie.G. Monroe Mansfield purchased ofJudge Lewis L. Bristow, nominee of Ossian Edwards a vacant lot in thethe Republican party for Congressman t Old Fair Grounds Addition. Priceof the Seventh District of Kentucky, ' not given.made a vigorous and successful coibj W. D. Fryman sold to R. F. Collier,test at Georgetown yesterday against a frame cottage and one acre of landthe refusal of Secretary of State on the Bethlehem pike, near Paris,Crecelious to order his name placed for $1,100.upon the ballots to be used in the No- Jesse Johnson recently purchasedvember election, when Judge R. L. a house and lot on Thomas AvenueStout decided that the plaintiffs's from Edc H. Gorey at a private price.name shall be ordered printed on the - ;ballot 1 EVERY LOAD GUARANTEED.The Court made impressive discrim- jination between the nominee , without We guarantee every load of coalopposition and the ordinary successful to give satisfaction. Phones 336.candidate in a race. j (15-tf) ' J. H. BATTERTON.444444AA44444."The Yellow Ticket."Michael Morton, author of A. H.Woods' big success "The Yellow Ticket," which will be seen here at theParis Grand next Wednesday, is anEnglish playwright of eminence, bestknown in this country for his dramatization of Tolstoi's "Resurection," inwb.ich Blanche Walsn starred for several seasons. When A. H. Woodsproduced "The Yellow Ticket" inNew York it was brought, to theEltinge Theatre as a successor to"Within The Law." While Mr.Woods had every faith in the MichaelMorton play, he had nc idea that itwould prove to be as great a successas its predecessor. As a matter offact, its record soon surpassed thatof -the "Within The Law," for attendance during the same number ofweeks, at the Eltinge Theatre."The Yellow Ticket" is a play dealing with the status of the Jew in Modern Russia, It tells the story ofMarya Varenka, a young Russianwoman who comes into inadvertantpossession of the Yellow Ticket,which is issued by "Okrana" (secretPolice) of Russia, to social outcasts,for their protection. The young woman who is reputable and of goodparentage, holds the ticket in orderto be able to live outside the Pale ofSettlement in sSt. Petersburg, whereit is necessary for her to find work.This she secures as companion to thedaughter of a wealthy Englishman.When the Secret Police find that shereputable life, whileormerit Jfaufmanj Straus dc Co.smfton,yANNOUNCE THE ARRIVAL OF A CARGE NUMBER. OFBRAND NEW MODELS INTAILORED SUITS1 FOR WOMEN AND MISSES.Broadcloths, Gabardines and WoolPoplins, $25, $u30, $35, $40, $50.New Afternoon and Street Dressesin combinations of velvet and serge and satin '$15 to $25;New Coatsfor street, motor and evening wear, in large and mediumplaids, broadcloths, mixtures and Bayedere clothsti $7.50to$25..New Blousesin lace, velvet, satin crepe de- chine and plaids; also a freshnew line of lingerie blouses.Silk and Lace Blouses $3.85 to $15.00Washable Lace Blouses . $1.50 to $5.00WOLF, WILE & CO.Formerly Kaufman, Straus 8c Co.Lexington, KentuckytZh.I:JiJiiiiiiiiiJ,,. -rfrrXttfr.fr.;ui.JjrSAVE YOUR COAL BILLS.4NEW FALL FASHIONSIn High Class-i,Hats, Suits, DressesWraps, Waists, Etc.ARRIVING DAILYSPECIAL NOTE'--We have arranged with diir NewYork representatives to ship us each day during the trots their latestcreations in Millinery and Wearing oApparel. . Therefore our dis-r-SfeS iHPys in the next two weeks will be most elaborate and complete.Earisr? Selections are Advisable.-thi5rwrV.'('rJH:;-7 A - ,S27K''M: --'1 1 r C.Embry- (2& Co.tis leading a! l Tili-. VnllAnt rnTr'l4-they denounce her to her employer,and she is faced with the problem ofaccepting the protection of the Yellow Ticket by plying the professionof its holder. This furnishes the maintheme of Mr. Morton's play, which isin three acts, the first of which takesplace in the Plotel d'Eurpoe, St.Petersburg, the second act occurs inthe home of the Chief of the "Okrana," and tho third act in the Bureauor private office of the Secret Police.The splendid cast which will beseen here are the same that plays theBen AH next Monday and Tuesdav.(adv.) 'When you get ready to lay in yourwinter coal we can save you money.Phones 336.(15-tf) J. H. BATTERTON.FOR RENT.A !&feVA TANGUAY AT THEBEN ALI THEATRE."Eva Tanguay, whose very name inspires new life, jollity, happiness andgood fellowship, comes to the BenAli Theatre, Lexington, to-night andto-morrow, and Saturday matinee, ina new farce with song entitled "MissTabasco." This new piece enjoyed awonderful vogue during the past yearin most all of the prominent European capitals, and Miss Tanguayfeels herself fortunate in having secured the American rights.It is from the pen of Julian Horstand Arthur Lippschitz who gave usthat delightful domedy a few yearsago, "The Blue Moiise." Miss Tanguay is interpolating fifteen musicalnumbers, all of which were written byj John Ford, and she carries an orchestra of fifteen musicians to interpret the music. She is unquestionably the most remarkable person nowbefore the public, and enjoys the distinction of being the only actresswho has ever been known to ridiculeherself in her own songs. Shestartles by her- eccentricity ..andcharms "by her magnetic personality.In, "Miss Tabasco" he introduces inthe second ct her vaudeville specialty by liich slie is known to countless tlieatre-goers throughout tliecountry. ' ' (adv)Rooms For Rent.Furnished rooms for rent in a confortable home close to business center. All conveniences; convenient topostoffice, opera house, churches, etc.Apply at this office.Two office rooms over DepositBank, lately occupied byDr. Clara B.Mathews. Apply to undersigned.(29-tf) DEPOSIT BANK.Boarders Wanted,Front room and table board. Man!and wife or two gentlemen preferred..Cumberland 'Phoife 675. (2-3t)PARIS GRAND OPERA HOUSEWednesday Night ,Coming Here Direct From the BenLexington. Same Company, ProAuction and PricesPRICES $l.50-$l.00-?5-25cSeats on Sale Monday at The Alamo.ah;4HOUSEKEEPERS.cTWaih Street, East:v -.Lexington, Ky.Get the New Process Gas Heaterand Range the kind that saves youmoney and work!A. F. WHEELER & CO.SIT "r - i4:Kty,JS,BURLEY TOBACCO OFFICERSDirectors of the J3urley TobaccoCompanjLat a meeting at Lexington,Wednesday morningre-elected officersas follows:Clarence -LeBust president; J. M.Rankin, Secretary; Executive, Committee. Clarence LeBus. A. L.'Fercuson.4IC. C. Patrick; U: G. Sanders, S. A.ouauxuu,! rveu., otucey, u. a. jtserry-&HBHVgnl THE GREAT IDHBHBJHd -NEW YORK SUCCESS I 'I H M H- WOODS pre&GTiXs'I- HIS -roVUM6EL MORTONWyMWMMMJWBL TREMENDOUS SENSATIONt , IB- H H m ntM B3 I m a m B masjlj l i it. m & mmm m L J 1 1 m mmitu auu "iusttsiv w luierspoon. -.?' . " ""'. ; ja i0.j i-'irriTHE BOURBON NEWS ;PikENTXK:KYQeTOBf R W lyir.A'HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEThe tury or the woman whosets into trouble and sees hername in the papers is as nothing compared with the scornof the woman who tlives a.party and finds that her name's not printed in the papers.Moral Send us the newsand see that we get itNEW PROCESS HEATER.Let the New Process Gas Heaterdo our heating. Sold byA. F. WHEELER & lCO.NAME OMITTED.7e name of T. P. Stoadman shouldha e appeared in the list of signaturesto 4he Contest Notice of .the "wetsVpublished in the News. It was acci-df-tallyoverlooked in preparing theccpy.STATED CONVOCATION.stated Convocation of Paris Chapter No. 15, Royal Arch Masons, Paris,Kentucky, will be held to-night at7: ) 3. m. Work in several degrees.A. H. KELLER, H. P.JOS. H. EWALT, Secretary.WILL BE CLOSED MONDAY.Ihe banks and postoffi.ee will becl -ed Monday on account of it being "Columbus Day," and a legal holiday. Get your checks cashed onc irday ! '2ALMACAAN RAINCOATS.Tie leading style for fall wear1j to 25 Here in the greatest variety of styles." J. W. DAVIS & CO.Y. M. C. A. WORK STARTED.Woods Bros., who have the contract for the excavation and foundation work on the new Y. M. C. A.building in this city, started the workTuesday. Work on the foundation11 be started as soon as the excavation work is completed."WE" APOLOGIZE!U : ; ' -"I wish the Bourbon News wouldqjit saying this column 'takes a shotat Paris. Nobody is shooting at Paris.A little friendly comment now andtlipn, but nothin in malice. I neverri'Ied a gun on anything in my life."Cynthiana Democrat.Like the little boy in the story,Bro. Allen has "been taking thingsto seriously." We know him to be aiu Id-manered gentleman, and he isincapable of saying or writing anytvng malicious.CHALK STRIPES.These are extremely stylisli thisreason. The stripes we show are thesmartest we've seen $20 to 35.J. W. DAVIS & CO.KELLER'S SPECIALS.Exceptionally nice Baltimore Oysters, Celery, Cranberries,Green Vegetables, Dressed Fowls, for to-day andto-morrow. Let us have your order forSunday dinner.(1) KELLER BROCERY CO.paris Rnv TAKES HIGH HONOR.......w v.Eli B. Friedman, one of the honorgraduates of the Paris High School,"nd one. of the most talented of thatinstitution's pupils, has been awardedone of the Julius Fleischman scholar'lips for the present session of theUniversity of Cincinnati. At thereting of the University Board heldn Cincinnati, Wednesday, PresidentTJahnv rAnnrfpfl n. list, of fourteen UU-!T"h "vho had been awarded the?lHschnian scholarships and the namef r. Friedman stood close to thest) of the list as being one of the1 .sliest averages.This is a richly deserved honor, and"Tr. Friedman's friends here are high' T gratified that the honor should have" rt n bestowed upon him, and that" ne -was ever more worthily bef0Aed. Mr. Friedman is now at the UniveMy, where he is working for the BA. degree.HOW TO SAVE MONEY.Buy a New Process GasHeaterand Range, fromA. JF. WHEELER & COTOBACCO STICKS.Just received, a car Joad of sawedcak tobacco sticks. Both phones .BOURBON LUMBER COMPANY.MEETING DATE, CHANGED.Owing to a change In the arrangements for holding-'the meeting of theAshland District Educational A'ssociattion in this city, tlfe date of the meeting has been changed from that previously announced, October 16 and 17,to October 23 and 24 It is expectedlUt there will lie an attendance of atleast 150 delegates. An, entertaining,aid instructive prograni- has b'eenprepared, which will Be participatedi'i by the representative educatorsand prominent speakers from all overthe district.Plans for making the ineeting of theAssociation one of the most successfdl events in educational circles f the. ' r are in the hands of Superintendnt Tv A. Hendricks, of the Paris Public Schools, and Miss Mabel Robbim,County Superintendent of Schools..A hearty co-oaration will be given tothe work fey the .citizens of Paris aaidBourbon County, who will4work a aunit in gijjng tke visatore a gOQdtire, The fttB 4ofmm wiil be pllislpl later. C '" .SOCIAL AND PERSONAL:Mr. Phillin Smith, of prfconnio' Fla. is n oiiocf nf T.: -i j 't 7, t. ui JLOHS J-lieUUS.j Aui&sj miiarea msie is a guest ofMrs- Shields Bush, in Winchester.I Mr. Fred Weckesser has returnedtrom a Dusmess trip to Mt. Sterling., .mis,, vzreen jiay remains serial ously ill at her home on Houstonavenue. .Mrs. Mary Mason is visiting rela-tives in the Jersey Ridge vicinity, inMason county.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. B. Mitchellare visiting relatives in Harrodshnre-and Mercer county.Mrs. John Connell is visiting hersister, Mrs. Daniel Drennon, at Mayslick, in Mason county. .Mr. and Mrs. Ashton Gilkey have-returned, from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Carl C. Robbins, in Winchester.Mrs. W. R. Scott and Mrs. ClydeKeller have returned from a visit tofriends and relatives in Lexington.Dr. A. E. Kiser returned to Louisville, Sunday, where he will comDlete his term at the .Louisville Medical College.Mrs. William E. Simms, Sr., whohas been seriously ill with hearttrouble for several weeks at her homeis imporved.Misses Katherine O'Neil, ofLexington, and Willie Newman, vofNicholasville, are guests of Mrs. M.H. H, Davis.Chorister Ramsey, of the Mam-Ramsey forces, spent Monday with hiswife and family in Chattanooga, returning Tuesday.Mr. Oscar Grigsby, of Maysville,who was recently assigned to dutyhere in the revenue service, arrivedyesterday, accompanied by Mrs:Grigsby.Mrs. Marie Prall Mason, who hasbeen a guest of her relatives, MissesWinnie and Lute Williams, on Pleasant street, has returned to her homein Danville.Mrs. William Myall and Mrs.Fanniebelle Sutherland have returnedfrom Winchester, where they went asdelegates to the State Convention ofthe W. C. T. U. 'Mrs. Evelyn Buck and daughter,Mrs. John W. Xerkes, and littleBilly Yerkes, were guests of the former's sister, Mrs. Price, in Winchester, Saturday and Sunday.Mrs. M. F. Ham and daughter, andDr. and Mrs. Smith, of Anchorage,were guests of Evangelists Ham andRamsey at the Butler home on Vinestreet, Sunday and Monday.Miss Ella O'Neil left Monday fora three-years' residence in LosAngeles, California. Miss O'Neil hasa host of friends here who hope herresidence in "Sunny California" mayultimately restore her to full health.Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr and Mrs.C. A. Daugherty have returned froman extended visit to reatives in Marshall, Malta Bend, Independence, Kansas City and other points in MissouriMr. and Mrs. Boone Baldwinhave moved to their new home onCypress street. Mr. and Mrs. W. L.Smith have taken the house vacatedby Mr. Baldwin; on South Mainstreet.Carlislfi Advocate : "Mrs. Harrv IMathers returned to her home in ' year 1914 are fiIOW anParis, Sunday, after a several days' i my hands for COBleCvisit here with Mr. and Mrs. W. M.ii-inn r rriv office atMathers L. M. Triable, of Paris,was in the city over Sunday MissMollie McMahan. of Paris, was herej Monday night as tli3 guest of her sisj ter, Mrs. Robert George."The following item apperaed inMrs. Daisy Fitzhugh's Washingtoncorrespondence in Tuesday's dailies:"Mr. John Fox was here the otherday conferring with Eugene Walterand Charlotte Walter as to the dramatization of his book,The Little tShepherd of Kingdom Come,' whichuie waiters are to produce in janu-j,. .. . t T Iary.The firstm eeting of the Parliamentary Club of the year was held rWednesday afternoon, at 3:45 o'clock,at the home of Mr. Frank O'Neal ohHigh street. Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, the president, gave a report;- 1, ' aainrr nf fiia'n0n0rQi forlorn J, ronorfa nf tbP stato mlot. 'ing were made by Mrs. William Scott,Mrs. 'Nellie S. Highland and Mrs. A.H. Morehead.. , . -m..,,. ..The following Bourbon countypeople attended the Christian ChurchConvention at Atlanta, Ga-., this week:Elder W. E. Ellis, Prof. A. L. Boatright, Mrs. Lizzie Walker, of Paris;Elder Carl Agee, Mr. J. E. Boardman and daughter, Miss MinervaBoardman, and Miss Sidney Burris,nf T.itHp Rnnk: Elder John Cliristo-pherson, Mrs., Wm. Bryan, Mrs'. Mol-! gJ lie nice ana iuio. n.. u. ucdvet, u.I ,. -r,. j -nr T T- TTT,, I WNorth Middletown, ana maer uossa-i boom, of Millersburg.Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Day onter-tained with a family., reunion Sunday jat their home on , the Clay & KiserI pike, near Ewalt's Cross Roads. Thei occasion jvas given in honor of the! fiftv-second birthday anniversary of' Mrs. Day. The guests were Mr. and rMrs. Clarence .riummer ana ennureu,Mr. James Day, Miss Maude Day, Mrs.McCartney and daughter, Miss. NancyDent McCartney, of Paris; Mrs. Elizabeth Day,' of Bourbon; Miss. AdaPlummer of Millersburg, and; -.MisSGla'dys' Doyle; of Flemingsburg. 4One of the" most delightful socialevents of tile -season was thei Cafe;Dansant" given at the Phoenix Motei,in'Lexineton, Tuesday evening, beingthe first of the season and the open-ing of the series ,jn uuurgp. uj. iu.io.Edith Alexander Bronstori, of t Paris.A large number of guests wera inattendance, the ball room was tastefully decorated ,and the music wasfurnished by Miss Zita Buchignani'sorchestra? , , ,, . .Mrs Bronston and her dancing partner, Mr. Ray Getty, of New York, gavesome exhibition dances which won inspiring applause and many compli'ments. -On their program .were themaxixe tlie'lula fado and the tango.Both, dance with a dainty grace quitewinnine.Tlie Paris people wJio attended were-Mr.veharltonClay, Miss-Kto AlexnAoV iffis' Rachef Wiggins, Mr. 'andMra7"Sm Oiiafcipe, 'The latter 'liado. miMfe: -with, them tfteir formers- -guests Misses "Geneveive'and AnneMolloy, of Lexington.. rMr. and Mrs. C. W?Heck wereguests of friends in Mt, Sterling several-days last week.r-Patrolman J. C. Eledn is confinedj , -"muu o. j. Jiiigjll i& UUUUUtJUi LU mb uome Dy a severe illness. Hejwas Partly unconscious yesterday,, and was reported last night as show-S in& no improvement.Winchester Sun: "Mr. Willis B.Jacoby, of Paris, is a guest of Mr.Lloyd Holliday, near this cityMr. and Mrs. James Letton have returned from a visit to Bourbon countyrelatives Mr. and Mrs. Frank Adcock and Mr. and Mrs. James Stokelyspent Sunday in Paris Mrs. LoganBryan and mother, Mrs.' J. C. Bryanand Miss Lida Bell McCray, of NorthMiddletown, were' recent guests ofMrs. S. F. Kerr."ine louowmg Paris people attended the performance of "The Beauty Shop," by Raymond Hitchcock andhis company at the Ben Ali Theatre,in Lexington, Wednesday night:Mr. and Mrs. Charlton Alpvnnrlprj Mrs. George Alexander, Mrs. LauraWiggins, Mr. and Mrs. Chas. ,A. McMillan? Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champe,Mrs. HarryLinville, Miss Rosa Oberdorfer, Miss Willie Summers, Y. D. L.Farley, Mr. James Buckner, Mr. C. N.Peddicord, Mr. Harry Horton, Mr. J.C. Elgin, Jr., Mr. Charlton Clay, Mr.James Hukill, Mr. Hugh Campbell.The Paris Literary Club held itsfirst meeting for the year Wednesdayatternoon at the club parlors with agood attendance, and with the president, Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr.,presiding. "In Shamrock Land" is thesubject chosen for the year's study,and the calendar promises many delightful features.Physical Features of Ireland, Mrs.Amos Turney, Jr. Legendary and Romantic History, Mrs. Edward Prichard. First traces of Authentic History, Mrs. J. T. Vansant. Reading"How the Faries Came to Ireland,"Mrs. J. S. .Wilson.The officers who will serve durinzthe year are as follows: vJrs. T. H.Ulay, Jr., president; Mrs. Cnarlton Alexander, first vice-president; MissLucy B. Simms, second vice-president;Miss Nancy Griffith, secretary;Miss Laura M. Lilleston, treasurer,and Mrs. Harry B. Clay, auditor. Program committee, Mrs. J. S. Wilson,Mrs. Edward Prichard, Mrs. Vansant,Civic committee, Mrs. Yerkes, Mrs.John Davis, Miss Simms. Press committee, Mrs. William Myall, Mrs. W.B Ardery. Lecture committee, Mrs.W. G. Talbott, Mrs. H. B. Clay. Civilservice reform, Mrs. Alexander, Mrs.John Lyle. Educational committee,Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, Miss Tipton.Art committee, Mrs. F. P, L.owry, Mrs.J. D. Burnaw. Legislative, Mrs. E. FiClay, Mrs. Hutchcraft, Miss AnnaMay. Waterways, Miss Lilleston,Iiss Turney. Industrial and child labor, Miss Buckner, Mrs. Whitley Reception, Mrs. W. O. Hinton, Mrs.Catesby Woodford, Jr., Mrs. WhiteVarden and Miss Wiggins.(Other Personals on Page 8.)NOTICE.v-o,y -ca . - .owthe Deposit and Peo-oSes Bank.- C. K. THOMAS,tf City Collector.For Sale.Large velvet carpet, slightly' worn.Will sell cheap. Call CumberlandPhone 674. (It)SPECIALS FORSaturdayWindow shades, all colors, full sizenml width, best value and best satis-faction you ver had before at 19i,cents eachRemnants of linoleum in 2, 4 and 6h-ard lengths, extra fine value.- at 69cents a yard, special,- Saturday only,at 39 cents a yard.The FairgDAINTILY BOXED.A favorite among -alLwho relish fhe purity andwholesomeness of realchocolate and cream isJohnston's, Mil w a u k e eGandies and Confections.And at this Drug Store youttill find them freshly boxed,"ready to please Cite most criticaltastes. We h ive a completeline of all the Johnston favorites, ranging in price from 10cto $1.0o aboK.For genuine goodness andpure fresh quality you will always enjoy chocolates from thisdrug store. Complete andfresh nev stocks are alwayshere iu abundance.9tiPeoples PharmacyPARIS, KY.Dovle Building 8h aM IVIain."Watch .Our Windows." 2fttt'JOHNSTON'SCANDIES!SWIL SUCCEED FATHER."Mr. Will S. ArnsDareer. lately- ofEton, Ga., where he was cashier, of jthe tEton Bank, will succeed his' fa-jther, Mr. C. Arnsparger, who died a!lew uajo agu, as beureiciry ui. tuuBourbon Building and Loan Association. This action was decided uponat a Tecent -meeting of the associationheld at the Agricultural Bank.Mr. Arnsparger will resign his position in the bank and return to Paris,to take charge of the extensive realestate business left by his father.Mr. Reuben Hutchcraft, Jr., waselected as . attorney for the association. THE BEST HEATER AND RANGEGet the New Process Gas Rangeand Heater, from the leading stoveman.A. F., WHEELER & CO.TAXES! TAXES!Remember the ten percent, penalty goes on unpaidtaxes after this month: Payyour taves early and savethe penalty. 2-tfGarland $im$,TrotitonReaters,Caylor 6rate$.Satisfaction guaranteedPrices includetion.instada-Specia! discount for cash.Don't buy until you inspect our lines.Parts Gas electricCompanyIncorporated.v330(eftQeinaecsacaoaoceGc'3sceoi!3htn&sAou$htioi?the tJsgL,I homeThereforeThat which you buy should be worthevery endeavor to keep a stock of theVery Best Furniture,. Rugs,Wall Paper .and will be much pleased to have YOU come and- imvestigate. We handle nothing second hand.THE J.VIcDouga! kitchen:f .t "The CJarke-wriWe now own all the patents an d copyrights of the late Dr.Chas. J. Clarke. Dr. Upington will continue to put up these reliable remedies under the original Clarke formula, and we will -havethem in stock at all times.Among the best known are Clarke's Nerve Ease Qlarke's Tonic, Clarke's Face Powder, Parfsine Cream, Clarke's Tooth Wash, .and Clarke's Cough Medicine. -Also the following Poultry and Live Stock Remedies: Clarke'sLimberneck. and Roup Remedy, Clarke's Liquid Poultry Tonic,Clarke's Gape -Remedy, Condition Powder for Stock, and dlarke'sHog Remedy.We want to supply these preparations to their many old friendsand know they are deserving of new friends. We recommend "especially Clarke's Nerve Base for -headache, and neuralgia, andClarke's Limberneck and .Roup Remedy for Poultry disorders.These preparations have all been thoroughly tested and haveproven their merit. i xYour prescriptions 'accurately filled.tI :I The Ardery Drug Co.Clarke'sfrlIMM'I,,I,I'0'II'I"IfrfrOO,I'CtI'0'I'Thomas, Woodfordv , & BryanK-FIRE, WliND AND' LIGHTNINGINSURANCEl ON TOBACCO AND BARNS, i..- " . t. "4: 'prompt settlements,v v .m g v m i - mm sdiwimtforamtT. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36 " .' UndertakingAmbtalance Wood MantelsGabinets. Foster-?'4- s Remedies.Old Stand.j-buying. We use ',Bros. Safety Cribs.'&M'- V?39We - 1i-r- tai3'1?vtr-i?.J--jUi"iji-Sr5V'' hTHE BOURJBOhi NEWS. .PARIS, KENTUCKYr.ARRANZA AND VILLAv OiCTdR S J 191 4 X' "' V :K-r .'' '' - '- ' t ''''-'3IiTatf fkW MIL I MkWkXZ?'iBt vHHBTZV 10cI for the VBiApyyyy Easiest4 Shoe WAJ r mTTjm "JSJtl "se1 Murdered It.In a certain literary club years agome of the members, in proposing themame'of a candidate for membership,aaentioned, among his qualifications,tkat he could speak several dead languages. To this an opponent repliedtkat he never heard the gentleman inquestion speak but one dead languagejmd he murdered that as he went'along.YOUR FALLCOLDNEEDSATTENTION.2I6 use to fuss and try to wear itout It will wear you out instead.Take Dr. King's New Discovery, relief follows quickly. It checks yourCold and Soothes your Cough away.Pleasant, Antiseptic and Healing.Children like it. Get a 50c bottleieep it in the house. "Our familyCough and Cold Doctor" writesXiewis Chamberlain, Manchester, O.JMoney back if not satisfied,- but it.nearly always helps.(oct-adv)Kentuckians Swiftly Relieved ofStomach 7Hs by Itlayv RemedyFirst Dose of Wonderful Treatment' . Shows Results After Years' of Suffering.Many Kentuckians have found swift.relief from disorders of the stomachnd intestinal tract by the use ofHayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy.The first dqsejjiyes results. It Isnot a long treatment-'Vvjrere ares tatements taken from tlii'letters of two Kentucky people who"Iiave used the remedy:. Hj CLARKE, Central Cicy.cTlie medicinehas done my wife a.world of good and she has been suffering with stomach trouble for years."MRS. BELLE HAWKINS, Eminence, Ky. "I have taken all of themedicine. I don't think I need anynow, as I think I am well. I neverfelt better in my life."From all over the country comeNew DirectoryHome Telephone CompanyThe Paris Home Telephone and Telegraph Company are nowicompiiling the data for their new Telephone Directory, which willcontain the largest list of subscribers and advertisers since theorganization of the Company.The new Directory will go to press about October 1, and ifyou desire good telephone service at fair rates, your, name shouldappear in this book. ' . . i .Call Manager's office, 427. , Do it now. 'CIk Paris Rome telephone and Digraph o(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.66 Our Window DisplayFOR LAST CALL ONSUMMER SUITSValues Up to $16.50 For .,MiAlso See Our Display of $1.00 and$1.50 Shirts, with Soft Collars toMatch. Choice Now-:Bargains in All Departments.T'vsrirLClothug aid Shoe .Department vWOLLSTCIN, Prop.s TWHY NOT PUBLISH IT?When you want a fact to becomegenerally known, the right way is topublish it. Mrs. Joseph Kalians,Peru, Ind., was troubled with helching, sour stomach and frequent headaches. She writes: "I feel it myduty to tell others what Chamberlain's Tablets have done for me.They have helped my. digestion andregulated my bowels. Since usingthem I have been entirely well."For sale by all dealers.(oct-adv)Orange Flower Country.The production of essence of orange flowers and orange flower waterin Tunis is confined to the region ofNabeul, where 200,000 pounds of orange flowers are distilled each year,the distillation yielding 200 poundsof essence of neroli, valued at $26 to$30 per pound, and 74,000 to 85,000quarts of orange flower water.thousands of just such letters. Thiswonderful remedy shows results,safely, and with the first dose.Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedyclears the digestive tract of mucoidaccretions and removes poisonousmatter. It brings swift relief to sufferers from ailments of' the stomach,liver and bowels. Many declare it hassaved them from dangerous operations, and many are sure it has savedtheir lives, "Because of the remarkable successof this remedy there are many imitators, so be cautious. Be sure it'sMAYER'S. Go to Varden & Son drugstore and ask about the wonderful results it has been accomplishing orsend to Geo. H. Mayr, Mfg. Chemist,154-156 Whiting St., Chicago, 111., forfree book on stomach ailments andmany greatful letters fro mpeople whohave been restored. Any druggist cantell you its wonderful effecst.CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.9.98 "ABros" STILL AT LOGGERHEADSSTILL FIGHTING AT NACO.NACO, SONORA, Mexico, Oct. 6.Negotiations for a cessation of hostilities between the Carranza garrison of.Naco, under General Benjamine Hill,and the besieging force, under Governor Maytorena, were reported to-dayto be under way. It was said thatcommissioners had been appointed tonnnfdT OT1 the SUDieCt.The fighting to-day was confined toa desultory fire kept up by riflemen.The marksmanship was was so erraucthat the residents of the acijqmmgAmerican town of Naco, Ariz., appealed to President Wilson tor protection.One American boy was strucK to-aay,and two American cavairy nursewere struck by stray shots.MERELY A MEDIATION MEETING.EL PASO, TEXAS, Oct. 6 Localrepresentative of the Carranza Gov-pmmpnt do not agree with officialWashington's, interpretation of the jMexican presidential situation.It was said to-day that the recentconvention at Mexico City, by rejecting Carranza's resignation, had decided definitely who should act as Provisional President.The meeting of Carranza and Villadelegates at Agusa Calientes thus becomes, the Carranza men declare,merely a mediation meeting.From the South to-day came littledefinite news regarding Villa's movements. Reports persisted that various of his chiefs haG avowed allegiance to the Carranza Government.Doubts were expressed that theAguas Calientes convention, set forOctober 10, would be held.APPLY SLOAN'S FREELY"FOR THE LUMBAGOYour attacks of Lumbago are notnearly so hopeless as they seem.You can relieve them almost instantly by a simple application ofSloan's Liniment on the back andloins. Lumbago is a form of rheumatism, and yields perfectly toSloan's, which penetrates quickly allin through the sore, tender 'muscles,limbers up the back and makes itfeel fine. Get a bottle of Sloan'sLiniment -for 25 cents of any druggist and have it in the houseagainst colds, sore and swollenjoints, rhenmatism, neuralgia, stiatica and like ailments. Your moneyback if not satisfied, but it doesgive almost instant relief.(oct-adv). tHfc - - - 'Splendid Old Editor.As we rgcpll it, the hardest newspaper work we eve? did was, for ssplendid old editrt now of saintedmemory, who accepted wood on sudscription and was pleased to get it. Itwas our 'task to carry the wood uptwo flichts of stairs. Toledo Blade..ttc; -prr -".sr.J7-&Without Race Prejudice.Pive-Year-Old Henry had been enjoying the company of the littledaughter of his family's colored cook.He came into the nursery, looked atRuth, his baby sister, for a while andsaid: ' "Mother, when Ruth grows up,I do hope she'll be colored."HOPELESSLUNGTROUBLECURED.r Many recoveries from LungTroubles are due to Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey.It strengthens theLungs, checks the Cough, and givesrelief at once. Mr. W. S. Wilkins,Gates, N. C, writes: "I used Dr.Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey in a casegiven up as hopeless and it effecteda complete cure." Get a bottle ofDr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey and ifyour cough is dry and hacking let ittrickle down the throat, you willsurely get relief. Only 25c at yourDruggist.(oct-adv)IN STERLINGLIVES A GIRLWho Suffered As Many GirlsDo Tells How SheFound Relief.Sterling, Conn. "I am a girl of 22years and 1 used to faint away everymonth and was ve5fweak. I was alsobothered a lot withfemale weakness.' Iread your little book'Wisdom for Women and I saw'howothers had beenhelped by Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, anddecided to try it, andit has made me feellike a new girl and I am now relievedolall these troubles. I hope all younggirls will get relief as I have. I neverfelt better in my life. "Miss Bertha A.Peloquin, Box 116, Sterling, Conn.Massena, N. Y. "I have taken Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compoundand I highly recommend it. If anyonewants to write to me I will gladly tellher about my case. I was certainly ina bad condition as my blood was all turning to water. I had pimples on my faceand a bad color, and for five years I hadbeen troubled with suppression. The"doctors callwf it 'Anemia and Exhaustion,' and sjLl I was all run down, butLydia E. Piffirham's Vegetable Compound brought me out all right." MissLavisa Myres, Box 74, Massena, N.Y.Young Girls, Heed This Advice, .Girls who are troubled with painful orirregular periods, backache, headache,dragging-down sensations, fainting!spoils or indigestion, should immediatelyseek restoration to health by taking Ly;J 4 E.'Pkikharo!a-Vege:table Conipouna 1Economical MM WI Both in Use I Pi JjHl IHI and Cost ,1 IMBBnWCALUMETBAKINQ POWDER' And it doesbetter work. Simply follow your customary method of preparation add a littleless of Calumet thanwhen using ordinarybaking powder. Thenwatch the result.Light, fluff'', and evenly raised the bakingcomes from the ovenmore tempting, tastier,more wholesome.'Calumet insures thebaking of an ' expert. Askyour grocer tod&VReceivedHighestAwardsWorld's PnreFood Exposition, Chicago,Illinois.Paris Exposition, France,lMtrc!i,1912.iTToMflNGrCHICATea tfon't tare money vthtn yoa bay cheap or blg-csabaking powder. Don't be muled. Bay Calumet. It'store economical more wholesome eives best resutts.Calasaet s far saperior to soar xcilk and soda.Expletive Extraordinary.The editor of the Interior was oncecriticized for his use of expletivesbut he asserts his independence in thefollowing choice sentence: "We aregoing to insist upon our copyright,and we warn whomsoever it may concern to let our expletive propertyalone. We will give a sample of it,so as to scare everybody: 'Oh, you oldbaldichino! you stary-eyed gargoyle!you windy balcony! you crooked corbel! For a cent we would .knock youinto the middle of next week with "thebutt-end of a vestibule ! "WHAT WOULD YOU DO?There are many times when oneman questions another's actions andmotives. Men act 'differently unde'rdifferent circumstances. The question is, what would you do right nowyou do better than take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy? It is highlyrecommended by people who haveused it for years and know its value. Mrs. O. E. Sargent, Peru, Ind.,says, "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is worth its weight in gold andI take pleasure in recommending it."For sale by all dealers.(oct-adv)Limit of Hopefulness.And soms people count their chickens before the eggs are laid.State of Ohio, City of Toledo,)Lucas County JssFrank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm ofF. J. Cheney & Co., doing businessin the City of Toledo, County andState aforesaid, arid that said firmwill pay the sum of ONE HUNDREDDOLLARS for each and every caseoi uatarrn that cannot be cured bvthe use of HALL'S CATARRHCURE. ,FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribed in my presence, this 6th day ofDecember, A. D. 1886.(Seal) A. W. GLEASON,Notary Public.Hall's Catarrah Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon theblood and, mucous surfaces of thesystem. Send for testimorials, free,system. Send for testimonials. iree.Take Hall's Fanfily Pills -for cmstir' Address: F. J., CHENEY uCCv1 K yfi:PiP" :'-?r :m --'- ffBmMiss Maude Gilbert in "The Yellow Ticket'1-at Paris Grand Octorber 14! BigFeatureProgramPARISOPERA MOUSEFriday, October! "THB GAMBLERS"9 In Five Parts. A Lubin. By Charles Klein..(iSMVMN' Produced by Kla w & Erlanger. In the Biograph Studios,Three Parts. -"LORD CHUMLMYProduced by Klaw & Erlanger. In Three Parts.In Connection With These Three PicturesGreggs Imperial Orchestraof the Colonial Theatre, Lexington, will Furnish theMusic.Reserved Seats CanOffice of the Alamo Theatre.ADMISSION: Lower Floor 25c; Balcony 2Cc;Gallery 10c.One performance only, beginning promptly at8 o'clock p. m. Overture at 7:45.w rtifMm ykkkF' Mwm .KINDLY CALL ATT " f ff M, j smjlurin Drnn nnnnrtmnnf nnrni niii niiLs iiriiiiiiiiHiHMiiiHIII 111 UlUif- JJuUUlilllLlji ; UtUlU? tA.Y. StyiMh and Min Sts., Pwfey Ky ;9'r,T4JiGRAND9DAYS''iyymBe Secured at the Box m!FallAnnouncement All the LatestFall Styles inDress Goods,Dry Goods,millinery, (cWe Can Please YouBargain Prices.mmmm9mmjaaaaaaa-aaaaaaaaaaasi1HEBOU!tis.ASS-t j:itIs Time Fxir YHi to. ThinkAbout 'HEATINGSTOVESWe Save Every Kind of Heating and CookingStove Hade!THE RADIANT HOME-best heater ;inthe worid. .v.GASV THE CELEBRATED -, WILSON- . HEATER.THE O. K. LINE Of COOKING STOVES.They have no equalIn fact everything from the smallest tothejlargestj See our line and get ourPrices.Lowry & Talbott.WALTER MARTINERNEST MARTINNEW LIVERY STABLE!New Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention Given toVeddings9 Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.Mt .Dorses Boarded By Day, Week or Month!Hauling of Every Description Done. Transfer Business a Specialty.Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under the.management of Mr. Walter Martin and J the Main Streetplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS.Stables-EigthSt., MainSt. Both Phones4X ., J: " -XSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, OCT. 11, 1914zZWHEN CALMNESS GOESTALES OF EXCITEMENT THAT AC' COMPANY A FIRE.I A Heart To Heart TalkAbout Values!By Values we do not mean to sell 2inferior shoes at lower prices, but tosell only the very 2BighestGrade Footwearjat aModerate Price.The Shoes wcsell are made well,wear well,, lookwell and are most comfortable. - ReaShoe Satisfaction in every pair.Feld's Shoe Store.$l,aali5BffllglaltRoundTripRoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLtavts GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.,Old Man Peaslee's Story Probably theBest .of Good Ones Related Afterthe Conflagration Had. BeenSubdued.The little village of Dilmouth hadBuffered from fire Ethan Nudd's lower barn, where he had stored his farming tools, had burned flat, and a largepart of the community had gatheredabout the ruins. The men were busilyrecounting their'own exploits, and vigorously criticizing the behavior ofothers who had gone home. Jed Gipson was speaking."It reelly takes a fire to bring outthe last mite of foolishness there isin a man," he asserted, with conviction. "F'r instance, did any of youfolks notice one of them Bentleytwins, to see what he was doin'?Didn't, hey? Well, I did, and he wasover at that dry well, south of thebarn, with a pail and a rope, tryin'to get water out of it and there ain'tbeen a drop of water in that well formore'n ten year!""Sho, now, Jeddie!" soothed. Mr.Peaslee. "Don't be ha'sh in your jedgment. Mebbe the twin cftdn't know itwas a dry well." ""Course he knew it!" scoffed Jedimpatiently. "That well went drywhen Bentley blasted out for thatdeep well of Jiis cut into the veinand sucked Nudd's well dry as an ashheap. No, sir! It's jest as I, tell youa fire brings out all the foolishnessthere is in a feller, and he'll do thingsthere ain't a mite of sense in. Younotice, and see if I ain't right.""Bentley's twin didn't do all thefoolish and useless things that wasdone there," broke in Wendall Cooper,"for to my mind the capsheaf of foolishness was when that passel of lunkheads from the lower road broke intothe farther end of the barn anddragged out that old hayrack full ofbean straw. They got it just outsidethe barn, and then they dropped thepole, and left it there right where itwould ketch. Course it would havecurat in the barn, but it wouldn't haveburnt any quicker than it did whereit was. They might jest as well leftit in the barn!"Here Caleb? Peaslee's mild old voiceinterrupted again."Under strain oftexcitement, same'sat a fire," he observed, moderately,Tve noticed, jest as Jeddie says, thatfolks do things that mebbe theywouldn't do if they was ca'm, but I'venoticed this besides and it don'tsem to have struck Jeddie at allthe things they do any time like thatain't things that hender or help much.That is to say, even if they do seemto be useless and foolish, the chancesare they ain't right down hurtfulthey're jest cases of poor jedg'ment."He twirled his ash stick in his handa moment and then went on again asif he had not stopped talking."Folks like that," he ruminated, asif to himself, "always put me in mindof old Aunt Dilly Peterby, the timeher husband had that fit. Folks downon the river road heard her screechin',and came up to see what the matterwas, and they found Aunt Dilly bend"in over him, ticklin' him underneaththe chin with a straw. Doctor Whitewas there, and he asked her what heridea was,and Aunt Dilly told himthat she reelly wa'nt sure what shewas doin' it for."'But,' says she, real decided forher, 'I wanted to do somethin', and Iknew that if that didn't do any good,it couldn't do a great deal of hurt.'"Youth's Companion.CfRjNQTOftMAN-"HA"'V' 'iThe Laxingtonj Herald f Vealerdaysays: ,. i --."The clothing of TloberL. Spiceryof 41 East Main street, a young machinist of the C. & O. shops, wascaught yesterday in "the machinerywhile trying to place a board over abelt to protect it from the rain, and hewas whirled around several times,thrown against the wall and then fellto the ground from a .height of aboutfifteen feet. When taken to the GoodSamaritan hospital his condition couldnot be exactly determined, but. it wasbelieved he probably had sustained aspinal injury besides many bruises onthe sides and chest. He was restingwell last night."Mr. Spicer is a. brother of Mr.Spicer, of Paris, a member of the firmof Spicer & Gilchrist, who conduct agas fitting and supply house in theElks' Building.Price of a Kid.Cordova is full of fun, says Mr. C.Bogue Luffmann in his "Quiet Daysin Spain," and in the leisurely paceof the life there the observer hastime to see and appreciate all of itIn the market one day a small boywith a bigapron and a pompous manner was offering half of a small kid to,a woman for a peseta. She objected'that it was very tiny, and he fairlysmothered her with, "Woman! Do youwant half a bull for a tenpence?"DOES BACKACHE WORRYOU?Some Paris People Have LearnedHow to Get Relief.How many people sucer from anaching back?How few know the cause?If it hurts to stop or lift .If you suffer sudden, darting pains,If you are are weak; lame and tiredSuspect your kidneys.Watch for nature's signal.The first sign may be headache ordizziness,.Scannty, painful, or too frequenturination.Nervousness or a constant, deadtired feeling.Aevrt the serious kidney diseases.Treat the weakened kidneys withDoan's Kidney Pills.A remedy especially for sick ' kidneys. Gratefully e'ndorsed by residents ofthis locality.Edward Lawrence, 413 E. Fifth,street, "Lexington, Ky., says: "I suffered from a dull pain in the small ofmy hack. I didn't rest wel as myback was so sore and lame. When Igot up in the morning, I was tiredand irritable. Sometimes the kidneysecretions were too frequent in passage, then again they did not passoften enough. When someone advised" em to use Doan's Kidney PillsI did and was relieved.""Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Lawrence had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y.iv3BEH&m. :.u ,rJMyr--' " . --rs t . . -si- -wt:mmmmmmiimmmimmmmNo Aches or PainPrtma Did h f o M.1 find Peruna," an excellent cto aia.summer medicine and am ffta4. to aamthe 'attention" of my friand to it. Tknow toy experience that Pen 1 awgood medicine, and always: rscommmtit whenever I Tiave an. opportunity-1can truthfully say that I have no tfaaof '"my old complaint, and have naitlMC .ache nor pahC and enjoy life. Wcannot express my appreciation for lam.good Feruna has done me."PERUNA TH SPRING .AND SUMMER MEDICINE.' '"I used to get cramps in my gtomaaiuhad sick headaches. My stowaaah.nearly killed me. My family phystotouionly gave me temporary relief. I sat vout of patience and had given up aM.hopes of recovery. I then wrote to Dk;Hartman and he advised me "to takPeruna. I got a bottle of Peruna-aacommenced using it. Soon got better and am now entirely cured and faal,like a new woman.. Peruna is my comfort. I will never be without it.".Thomas M- Morgan, R. F. 3. 2, Wadsworth, Ohio.HHH HPilH1 VBHBk w&v&vv-::-SH 11 'BBBKs!-:::;r;::v--'-':-:-v JISVvBBT 1vBiSSSTATEMENTOf The Ownership, Management, Circulation, Etc.Required by Act of August 24, 1912,OFTHE BOURBON NEWSpublished- Tuesdays and Fridays atParis, Ky., required 'by the Act ofAugust 24, 1912.NOTE This statement is to bemade in duplicate, both copies to be'delivered by the publisher to the Postmaster, who will send one copy to thernira Assistant Postmaster General(Division of Classification), Washington, D. C, and retain the other in thefiles of the postoffice.Name of Editor Swift Champ.Postoffice Address Paris, Ky.Managing Editor Swift Champ.Business Manager Swift Champ.Publisher Swift Champ.Owners: (If a corporation givethe name and address of stockhodersholding one per cent, or more oftotal amount of stock.)Swift Champ. 9 .Known stockholders, morteraenv.and other security holders, holding;one per cent, or more of total amountof bonds, mortgages or other, securities. None.SWIFT 'CHAMP.Sworn to and subscribed before methis 3rd day of October, 1914.C. K. THOMAS. .Notary Public Bourbon Co. Kv.My Commission expires Jan. 13, 1918.PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.IT ALWAYS DOES THE WORK."I like Chamberlain's Cough Remedy better than any other," writesR. E. Roberts, Homer City, Pa. "Ihave taken it off and on for yearsand it has never failed to give thedesired effect." For sale by all dealers. (oct-adv)LVe. Court Hbus,e.7:10 a m7.45 a m8.15 a m8.45 a m9.15 am9.45 a m10.15 a m.10.45 am11.15a m11.45 a m12:05 p m12.45 p in1.15 p m1.45 p m ,2.15 p m2.45 p m3.15 p m -3.45 p m4:15 p m5.15 p m5.40 p m6.05 p m6.30 p mCity Limits Only.Lve. StattetM-7.15 am8.00 a m"8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a-sa11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m.1.30. p m2.00 p m2.30 p hi3.00 p m3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 pm,5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 pm6.40 p mKENTUCKY TRACTION A TERMINAL COMPANY.'Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p mDaily except SundayLeave Parte, for Lexisgtom6:45 a m7:30 am v8:15 a m -9:00am ",9:45 am -:11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 pm --5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m10:04 p mI BIG BARGAINS!I IN HIGH GRADESftif.3fcrIBXJG-CS-IEISThe Cupboard Was 'Bare.The late Doctor Masters, who wasformerly a missionary in Canton,China, afterward lived in Berkeley,Cal. His friend and fellow-missionary,Doctor Boone, returning on furlough,was expected to arrive in San Francisco on a certain day. Doctor Masters crossed the bay to the city; hemeant to meet Doctor Boone and hisparty, and, after spending the day insightseeing, to take him to dinner ata well-known restaurant.The steamer, however, had reachedport earlier than had been expected,and when Doctor Masters got to thedock his friends1 had left He madeinquk-ies at the principal hotels, butcould not find them. In order to notifyhis family in Berkeley of the necessary change in plans, Doctor Masterssent them a telegram. Here is thesomewhat damaged message that Mrs.Masters .finally read:"Can't find the bones. Will comehome to dinner." Youth's Companion.For Sixtu Day We Will Offer101 OFF-Mysteries of Krypton.it is usually supposed that at greatheights the pressure of the air is almost negligible, but the application ofan ingenious method indicated byRamsay gives interesting results. Heasserts that the green line characteristic of the spectrum of krypton remains visible under a pressure of0.000035 millimeters of mercury.Now this green line is found inthe spectrum of the aurora borealisand it seems to be well establishedj that this exists frequently at altitudesbetween 100 and 200 miles, and evensometimes up to nearly 500 miles.But krypton is one of the heaviestgases in our atmosphere. It would'seem, therefore, that the density ofthe air at these altitudes is by nomeans negligible, as, whatever thecause max. he of the presence of krypton there, it could not remain thereunless" the air possessed an appra-l clable denaity. ' 'On, Our Fine Line OfColumbus. Babcock andl' Post Bros.".a:bziggi' "PRICHARD &Fourth and Pleasant.BALL..vr-4 ,i xKCiwdi,?5, K. " yV,5 i T-g-ryr i!;S.--2,. -" - Jt iv;V.4i -.V-1,rri(-'r,Tfe.'if-..J -.-V -JK'::.".-&z.' " . - A ' " ' ''- ' - Mi7'.-Ai vt1tHJET BOURBON NEWS, MWS, KY OCTOBER 014-fifsseFriffPSt!fciIEWS OF MILLERSBUR6Miss Julia Miller is at home from'Ashville, N. C, much improved.Mr. J. J. Peed and Mr. C. N.'Johnson continue about .the -same.Mrs. O. W. Ingels left Wednesdayfor & visit to her sister, Mrs. J. M.Alverson, at Lawrenceburg.Mrs. W. W. Howe, of Moorefield,"was the guest of Mrs. Margaret Mitchell from Tuesday until to-day.Mrs. E. W. Ammerman left Wed'liesday for the Missionary Convention' of the M. E. Church, at Cornith.-Mr. C. D. Tackett and familyhave' moved to Paris, where Mr.Tac&ett has secured a good position.Mesdames C. H. Collier, J. D.Redd, D. P. Jones, and P. L. Dimmitthave returned from the W. C. T. U.Convention at Winchester.The concert Monday evening byMisses Harbison, of Flemingsburg,BasMn and Jones, of Millersburg, was. ,good.and well attended. They werethe recipients of numerous encores.(The audience was -large, cui11! andappreciative. Every number Was ren-t dered with the care of an artist, andthe vast audience could have enjoyedit for two hours longer without grow-ing tired. It was one of the best concerts we have had the pleasure oflistening to in a long time.Evangelists Ham and Ramsey,who are conducting the revival meeting at Paris, conducted services at,the Methodist Church here Wednesday afternoon. The auditorium andlecture rooms were filled to overflowing, -and many could not obtainadmission. Both the song service andthe sermon was appreciated by all.Dr. Ham is a powerful speaker. Thefheme of his discourse was "TheHome." An effort is now beinginaugurated to have them conduct ajweek or ten days' meeting here., Mr. and Mrs. V. L. Barton entertained last Tuesday evening a num'her of the young folks with a sixo'clock dinner, the occasion being thethe 21st birthday anniverary of therson, Mr. E. S. Barton. The table.held many good things of the market,and the evening was most delightfullyspent, Mr. Barton was the recipientof -showers of blessings and goo'dwishes, and in all of this his wifeand little son were not forgotten.Our community was shockedearly Tuesday morning when it was"learned that Mr. M. P. Wells, who sorecently resided with us, but now ofCarlisle, had died at his home at 1 a.m. Mr. wells has tor many yearsheen a sufferer from asthma. He re-1sided in Millersburg for six years, 'having moved from here to Carlislelast August. For several years he con-ducted a meat store here, and after ,this conducted a restaurant. He was .married to Miss Rosaline Cane, of Mt.Olivet. They had one daughter, Mrs. IT. T. Bently, with who they resided.He was a man with a kindly greetingfor all with whom, he came in contact.The funeral took place Thursday at 9a. m. in his late home in Carlisle,the services being conducted by Rev.U. D. Redd, of this city, assisted byDr. C. C. Fisher. Among those 'fromMillersburg wiio attended the funeral-were Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Stewart, Mr.ILD-Burroughs, Mesdames E.H.Taylor, Minnie Hurst, Nannie Linville andMary Huffman and R. M. Caldwell.Men's, Women'sJustI I EW J U- I1 o-ml W r .,W 1 ht. orLadies Brocaded Tops, Louis Heel, newest creations, the best quality and workmanship, $5.00 values, at. $3.49Ladies' Cloth Top Patent Kid or GunMetal, French heel, custom made, best yquality, at 2.99 ILadies' Mat or Cloth Top, Patent Leatherand Gun Metal, all styles, best grade's .at $2.69 and 2.49Ladies' Gun Metal and Patent Leather,good material, at - 1 .99Ladies' Gun Metal, button and Jace,at $1.24 and 1.49,A very big assortment of Boys', Misses' and Children' Shoes at .all prices.Boys9 Gun Metal Shoes,$2.50 values at3DwJmTLmAfter the services the remSnsswere'itaxen vo w.i. uiivet ior miermeui.rMUiersDurg was wen, presentedat the Lexington trots thfe week.FOR SALE A good rubber tirebuggy, in first-class-condition.Q6-Zf JSLDA (JULiLiiUill.Mrs. W. E. Hawkins attended thefuneral of Mr. Wm. West at Ewing,Thursday. -The Ladies' Aid Society of thei Christian Church met with Mrs. E. H.Kerr yesterday afternoon.There will be communion servicesnext Sabbath, Oct. 11, at 10:45 a.,m.,at the Mijlersburg Presbyterianchurch.Mrs. M. D. Hurst returned' Wednesday after a ten-days visit to hersister, Mrs. Elizabeth Stirman, atCampton. Her sister, Miss NeelyBeeding, remained.CLOAK AND SUIT OPENINGDon't forget to3come and in and attend our Cloak and Suit Opening on7th and dill. We have a large assortment of newest models and creations, something to delight the feminine taste.C. W. CORRINGTON.rThe City Council met in regularJsession Wednesday night, but littlebusiness beyond the routine was transacted. The quarterly rejport of thetreasurer was read, showing that after paying out over $1,600 for two fireengines, with other expenses, therestill remained in the treasury a balance of $900. Mr. R. L, Buffington, ofBarnesville, O!, delivered an interesting address to the Council on the subject of electric lighting, mangaemtntof meter and machinery, etc.The reception given last Fridayafternoon by Mrs. Daniel Hurst,Misses Stella and Nettie Hurst andMrs. Roy Endicott, at the home of thelatter, was a beautiful affair. Thehouse was darkened and lighted withelectric lights and was tastefully dec-orated with autumn's lovely' flowers,dahlias and golden rod and fernsMiss Mary Taylor received the guests,and after depositing their cards insilver baskets presented by littleMisses Katherine Taylor and PaulineJones, they were introduced by Mrs.W. M. Miller to the receiving linecomposed of Mrs. Daniel Hurst, Mrs.Roy Endicott, Mrs. O. L. Clark, Carlisle; Miss Stella Hurst, Miss NellSwetnam, Cincinnati; Miss NettieHurst and Mrs. Will Endicott, Cynthiana, being entertained by Mrs. W.Huffman and Miss Alfa Ball. In thelibrary the guests were received byMrs. C. B. Smith and Miss Ruth Mc-Clintock and were served with punchmade of apollinaris water and orangejuice, by Misses Mildred Bruce, Almaof thirty-one members, haded byDuke Jones, Kizzie May McDaniel andLucile Dailey. In the dining roomMrs. Sidney Venable and Mrs. JohnLeer presided over the tea table withits adornment of lace mats'-and cutglass dishes of sliced lemons and candied orange sticks. A large cut glassvase filled with Killarney roses wasin the center. Marshmallows, mint,jelley and chicken sandwiches and hottea were served by Mrs. Whaley, Mrs..Preston Hicks, Misses Nancy Jones,Lucy Jones, Nannie Clarke, ElizabethIngels and Gladys Hurst. During theentire afternoon an orchestra of fourpieces furnished music, adding greatly to the enjoyment of the entertainment.HEADQUARTPARIS' ECONOMICAL SHOPPER7Great shipments of Shoes and rubbers during the past few weeks enables usto offer to our customers another great money saving opportunity. STYLE, FITVand WEARING QUALITIES are the dominating qualities of ourand Children's FallSave Yoci MoneyA, Few Of The Money-Saving Prices:SPECIALFORsizes 3l2 to 5,l.1 n.$ 1 .3srRED CROSS NURSES. -ftMrs. Minnekef, -of Cincinnati, whois in charge "of the visiting nursework in this city and county, -under.-the auspices of the Bourbon CountyHealth and Welfare League, has received the following veryinterestingletter from one of her " associatesformerly of the Cincinnati Hospital:"On Board Red Cross S. S.fSeptember 23, 1914."My Dear Mrs. Meineker:"As. eigth of the Cincinnati Hospital graduates have left Cincinnatiand have gonewith the American RedCross to take a modest part in theEuropean war, or rather in nursing,I thought you would perhaps like tohear of them."We left Cincinnati September 2,at 12:30 p. m. over the B. & O. Onreaching New York after a very pleasant trip we registered at the CentralClub for Nurdses, at No. 54 East 34thStreet. We then went to OsborneHall just opposite Bellevue Hospital.After getting our uniforms and equipment and attending lectures andmeetings, where Major Patterson,Miss Delano and Helen Hay gavesome interesting talks, we wentaboard the American -Red Crossship, but did not sail until September 13. Almost the entire crew hadto be changed, as some of them weremembers of the German navy. Wehave been eleven days on the water,and expect to reach Falmouth, England, some time this evening."For six days not a ship of anykind kwas seen. Our time has beendevoted to study, no cards or dancing,usually four hours of class, taking upwhich is used in Europe, prayers affile First Aid and Metric Systemter dinner and then a lecture,, retiring at 10:00 p. m. ""Our unit from Cincinnati consistedof twelve nurses. Ten were seasickand. 411 other units fared about aswell. After three or four days allrecovered, feeliner much better thanwhen Ave started. To show that weare neutral our surnames have beendropped and w address one anotheras Sister Bertha or Sister Helen,which we have become quite accustomed to by this time. Y"The first group will leave forEngland, next for Russia, then France,then Germany. Our group, the last toleave, will go to Austria. Just whenwe will arrive there I cannot say,probably in another week or two.Will write later. Would so muchlove to- hear from you."Had intended to answer a call forMrs. Virgil Gaitskill in November,but I don't think I will get back bythat time. Wrote her hurried notetelling her of my departure forEurope."The nurses all send their love andthey will all be glad to hear fromyou. I will give you the list: AnnaSutter, Bertha Butterfield, Mary E.Minshall, . Margaret Bodkin, EllaHoff, Lula B. 'Mastin, Anna Donnershausen, Ella Weimann."Mrs. Shoepf and Mrs. Caspar Burton sent us a cheering telegram justhefore we sailed, and Mrs. Woodwarda sewing bag, stating that we wouldbe remembered by the Guild.'Please address in name of American Red Cross, U. S. Dispatch Agency,No. 4 Trafalgar Square, 'London,England. With love and good wishes,I remain your friend,"ELLA WEIMANN."f rFootwear, at Prices Whichon Ever ij Pair.Men's Platinum Calf or Russ.lish last, of the famous Walk-Over, high- - V '. jest quality, at $5.00 and $4;50 -Men's Russ. or Gun Metal, of the Walk- ' "Over and Beacon makes, all styles andlasts, at $4.00and 3.50Men's Tan or Gun Metal, bench made,all lasts, at. . . : ; 2.99Men's Gun Metal, button and lace, goodjearing shoes, at. . .' $ 1 .49 rand 1 .9.9Men's Heavy, and Medium Weight Shoes, allkinds, at the lowest prices.SATURDAY:Growing Gins' Gun Metal Shoes, low heel, JZZsizes 2Y2 to 6, $3.00 values at . $ 1 .99COHEN'SSQClA, AND PERSONAL.Mr. and Mrs. William Giltner, ofLexingtonwhere guests of Paris rela-tives yesterday.Mrs. J. A. Stern will leave Sunday for a visitto friends and relativesin Birmingham, Ala.Mr. B. A. Frank' returned lastnight from a business trip to NewYork, in the interest of his firm.Mr. John 'Ireland, of El Paso,Texas, is the gUest of his sister, Mrs.Mary Ireland Davis, on Duncan avenue. ATrcs Miltrm P. Rrnwrnner' rp.t.iirnerlf.to her home in Cleveland, Ohio, yesterday, accompanied by her brotherMr. Julian FrankMrs. Sweeney Ray was one of theguests entertained by Mrs. SallieJohnson Burgin, at her country home,"Cliftont" near Georgetown, from Saturday to Tuesday. Most of the guests'were friends of the hostess, who wereat the Breakers Hotel, in Dayton, Fladuring her stay there.(Other Personals on Pag3 5)FORMER PARIS FAVORITE. DIES IN NEWYORK.Marion Manola, for many yearsone of the most popular operatic anddramatic stars of the country, diedsuddenly Wednesday, following an operation atthe NewRochelle Hospital,in New Rochelle, N. Y. She was formerly the wife of John Mason, withwhom she appeared at the local operahouse several times in "Friend Fritz,"which scored a big success all overthe country. For the past ten yearsshe has vbeen the wife of Geo. G.Gates,, and lived directly across thestreet from the former husband, JohnMason, in New Rochelle.Friends of the once famous Parisfavorite said that her death was due inlarge measure to the recent arrest ofher husband and the shock she sustained when detectives armed with awarrant invaded Aer sick room hunting Gates.The arrest of Gates was the resultof a fight for the control of a movingrpicture corporation, in which he madean affidavit that he had been askedby Frederick S. Dudley, vice-Presi-dehtand general manager of the concern, to falsify the statements to thestockholders.Scores of Paris people who wereonce charmed by Marion Manola's musical voice and' fine stage appearancewill r,egret to learn of o rtragicdeath.(Copyright, by McClure Syndicate.)WillJS.Bal.. Eno:- .A.ERSl"".bank ffrsfifoiysy-jt&v iff ENJOYS If.A Neto York theatrical man with, an income of $25,000a year went to WalLcStreet with 20,000 and trippled it.His head was turned in a few months theatres dosed income ceased and Wall Street had finished his spare change.The EXTRAVAGANCE his family had been used to soondrove him to the extremity of mortgaging property and sacrificing pet securities. Today he is BROKE.MakeOUR bank YOUR bank 'We pay 3 per cent, in terest onSavings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPITAL ; 1.4150,000.00SURPLUS . 30,000.00 f 'STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY.... 150,000.00Protection Jo Depositors .$330,000.00S. E. BEDFORD, President.LATE WAR NEWS.. ROME. Oct. 7. According: to a re-Dort received here, an Austro-German i- . , . . , . , , jiiymg column which had advanceduum oiitssi """ viui,, annual session at Winchester, WedSlSiJ'nTiSiS; Ueaday, adopted resolutions in frforof the river. The Vistula was floodedand therefore could not be crossed.LONDON, Oct. 7. An Amsterdamdispatch to Reuter's says: "Amongthe refugees who left Antwerp thismorning were Cardinal Mercier andthe Minister of Justice and other highofficials. They traveled by automobile to Flushing, from which pointthey proceeded to Ostend."More than 10,000 refugess have arrived at Rozendaal, at which place thebombardment of Antwerp can clearlybe heard."A news agency has a dispatch, frontAmsterdam, saying the Belgian Government was removed to-day fromAntwerp to Ostend.PARIS, Oct. 7. The German ! rightwing cavalry has succeeded in pushing its advance from Tourcoing westto Armentierre. ' Here it is engagedwith cavalry from the allied armies,which reported to be made upin largepart of troops from the British IndiarREriments.This German cavalry is believed, to.. . (. . ibe part of the screening force of alarge body of artillery and infantrywhich was reported by aviators of theallied armies to have set out for Armentieere, which is about nine mileswest of Lille.OPINIONS OF "THEYELLOW TICKET."" 'The Yellow Ticket' is not only anintensely interacting play it is agreat editorial utterance a greatsermon on the abolition of a cryingevil. It is not only' valuable as anentertainment, but has a powerful influence in arousing public sentiment."Sincerely yours,"W. R. HURST."(PublisHfc1 New York American.)ctC3 jli af:Vr' It brir.gi rlr.fo 5$zz aof all proper lien ,13 i-3 emailYcj czrv-ccr. a -ictor, cr ipeor-v-ic-roia ngnt aw)en c,cr cap::-rr.cr.t,p:an. f,ito 200 for a VictorVictrcla Viq to'ico for a Victor.C. K. THOMAS, CashierNATION-WIDE PROHIBITIONFAVORED BY C. W. T. U.The Women's Christian Temperuic umuu ul xveuLuunv, just ut:ujroLhe adjournment of the thirty-fourthance Union of Kentucky, just beforeof State and Nation-wide prohibition.The organization also went on recordas in favor of woman suffrage and opposed to the use of tobacco in anyform, because of its injurious effectupon the human system.NQTICE TO PATRONS.PARIS, KY., Oct. 3 1914.On and after Octorber 5, 1914, ourshop will open at 7 a. m. and "closeat 5 p. m. until further notice. Customers will please take notice.(2f SAML. KERSLAKE & SON.PUBLIC SALEOFLIVE STOCK. Having decided to quit the dairybusiness, I will sell my, entire 20 head ofJersev milch cows at public outcry onTUESDAY,, OCTOBER 13, 1914,at 10 o'clock a. m., on the W. H- Mc-! Mill an farm, on the Cynthiana pike,! irrn- T"Qo mime frnm IJQTit?about three miles from Paris.- These cows are all extra good, in fullflovy of milk, most of them with calvesby side. Also, four Jersey heifers, oneextra Jersey bull, four extra goodgrade yearling steers, eight 150-poundhogs, one sow and nine pigs about 2months old.1 bay horse, 8 years oil?1 sorrel mare, 5 years old ;1 3-year-old mare in foal to jack;1 mule colt;- 1 yearling mare mule, extra good;1 2-year mare mule, extra good.TERMS -Sums of $25 and undercash; sums over that amount, fourmonths, negotiable notes.DOC FARRIS,Paris, Ky.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.(7oct)iTbo hczl invcslinct I ever madeil czuyjzozl cpio-Ylztor-Victrola amuses and edu-children, , and inakes-thc whqlcvrcallh pfmusic1 that is outcost.T-i 1 -I',. ,r'illlliliC'i i 1 c.rAzz2 z:! bear the different styles.Greatest Shoe StoreV - .AA here Beauty and Bconpinyv1vT .V..'&,rsLii.i-UJKhJBmein.! 2 llfiimhoTfii Dmn 't- . .. '... -m: llnllUlliillll nil hi uQiMiif-" - jr . r- u. - -r 1 mw ' ' -mr z y - Jvrw ft. - -. -