"'Vr T W- ''I! 'f w - -rT?" "v5"5w",3iKir,f-i4?.'Xxv.- YW&K1 . .-s.. ''Jf.',-. 3iiri y .- s :PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR. T,VOLUME'-XXXILPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1914.POPOSED HOSPITAL ANNEX TOMASSIE MEMORIAL HOSPITAL.Vote of Bourbon County, Nov. 3, 1914j i-J-f-IrlLit ii 1 m ni til www it if -Wmmmw mmmmw Mmmm "mm mm mmMW v' H H vH V V mWmmwWmmmmW ir H RHr mumr Wm MM m V HH W Wr'BThe late Mrs. W. W. Massie in behest left funds for the establishment?i a hospital in Paris, Ky. The management of said funds, in planning the?rection of .said hospital was kind;enough to consider provision for colored people to be known as HospitalAnnex.At first it was suggested that thecolored people would raiseva fund withwhich to furnish the annex when built.Nothing was done toward it by thecolored people. A little later themanagement proposed to build andecnip the annex at a cots of $6,000.A proposition was submitted to thecolored people as follows: You raiseS1.500 and the white people will raiseS4.500 of the $6,000 needed for the annex. Dr. A. H. Keller was detailed bythe management to hejp the coloredpeDple in raising their portion.learing lest the call should cometo lis for our share before weready to respond with the cash andthereby delay vthe nanagement, wesave ourselves sixty days to show ourhigh appreciation of the kind offermade. AVe canvassed individuals,ruWic schools, churches and lodges ofVc.k city of Paris and county of Bour-ho-at our own expense. Janhary 1,1913, was the date fixed to raise theamount. On that , day the publicschools, lodges and 'churches from allparts of the county met at the Methodist Ohurch in Paris. All day long theanex management worked like Troj&ef. Here and there in the multitude couia oe neara tnese woras:'Tr.ey will never do it," "They willin vcr do it." Night came on. A greatcrowd gathered. Ten o'clock ca.me.It was not done. Many who had givenall they had, borrowed from a friendand came to our assistance. Lodgesincreased their contributions. It wasan awful pull. The holidays just over.Our means limited. But we wantedthe annex. At 11 o'colck the president lifted his hand for silence. Thevast audience held its breath. The inquiry on each brow "What will -itbe!" The president said, "To-daymarks the fifthieth anniversary of theissuance of the Emancipation Proclamation. On this day, as fitting tributeto ihe occasion, we have raised thesum of $1,525." Prolonged applausegreeted him. A bonfire was proclaimed end the air teemed with fireworks.Mo where could one be found amongus "who could conceive the shadow ofa doubt as to the verity of the annex.Why? The good white people of Parisand Bourbon have said: "If you raise$1,500 we will raise $4,500, build andequip an annex at a cost of $6,000."If these white people say they will,they will. With no grea t effort, wecould ,see in the no distant futuresopie of our own girls at work as nurses in the annex; our physicians rushins their patients to the annex andattending them there, rather than atjLexington.The city and county took over themanagement The hospital was completed, and the white people happyover uie eveiiu ine wwicu i'wij- jrejoice with them. But two yearshave now passed. The annex management has been subjected to many embarrassments. Extra trips have beenmt-de over the county to shut off falserumors concerning the annex. Wehave' gladly paid our hospital taxes.Our money has been tied up two years.We have patiently waited. With difficult, we have managed to hold ourpeople together and keep them hopei" ."list after the great revival m our:ty, would it not be an opportunelK,e for the Macadonian Call, "Comeover on the annex and help us?" Isit asking too much, to ask that ther-wTf the county and the white peouie combine ?nd answer this annex(ail. thereby redeeming their pledgeto us and blessing us beyond anythng that thev can think or imagine?No people i the-city and countytand so much in need of hospital fa-r-iiitiesas do the colored people. Theycve not the means to send their sicko Lexington, and go back and forth,o look after th-u. They have notthe sanitary convenienrrs at home tot,roperlv care for their sick. They donot know what to do for their sick asdo many others. Now our friends, andfriends of humanity do -you again sayto us after two years of patient waiting, "At a more convenient season weill redeem our pledge aim iuuiv uPRECINCT.U.S. Senator U.S. Senator rLong Term Short Term ongrets o a nn ?. P s p nn Zl 5 73E v S. ?: Z -S"p ' 2 s5 2 ? ?zz " i r i" i i i ii i i i ii i i i i ii i i i i iw m mm m mt mt mm mTivi i ten ei i &w mi mKiakemorcs7TO12Paris NoParis No.Paris No. 3Paris No. 4Paris No. 5Paris No. 6North Middletown No. 1North Middletown No. 2Millersburg No. 1Millersburg No. 2were Ruddles Mills No. 1Ruddles Mills No. 2Centervtlle No. 1Centerville No. 2Hutchison No. 1Hutchison No. 2Little Rock No. 1Little RockNo. 2Clintonville No. 1-Clintonville No. 2TotalsGENTLEMEN7212210S1069882..16735.111.97-131. .57.107...45..47...36..1316577-20.171434.66..60...S8.164.105-145-30.911316612293.4859.34..119.4664....58.162381143119124...98.-.85..16537..11599...134.58..105...47...4888128. .66.-.79.20..17S923-40-5168...15497.1442886..-129-.62.116..87-..44-57.-.3511S.41..61-A57..149978.149. .1201289982-15637-1117S.14258.106...47.4937...126....677S.. .16.1764..27-35-49-68-154-.100.14628-88.142-61116..8645..59351194463.590..-1..44... 11-0o...0. 3...1. 0...1...00... o1...0... 4. .27f..152422nCLUB MEETINGS.1Returned asJWinners in No-ivember Election LastTuesday.9TICKET BRINGS OUTLARGE VOTE.Beckham First KentuckianTo Be Elected ByDirect Vote.The first Kentuckian in the historyThe subject of the literary programat the November meeting of the C. W.B. M.f which will be held in the parlors of the Christian Church at 2:30o'clock this afternoon, is a book review in "Red Man's Land." Mrs.Robt. Goggin will be chairman. Thebusiness meeting will precede the literary program.At their meeting Wednesday afternoon the members of the Paris Literary Club were entertained with anaccount of the Meeting of the GeneralFederation of Clubs at Chicago, inJune. The report was read by thepresident, Mrs. Thos. Henry Clay, Jr.,in lieu of the regular program. Thereport, which was full of matters ofthe deepest interest to the members,was heartily enjoyed and greatly appreciated. In the absence of the president, Mrs.Amos Turney, Miss Clara Bacon presided at the regular meeting of theProgressive Culture Club, which metWednesday afternoon with Miss ClaraBelle O'Neill at her residence onHigh street. The subject of the program was "Forestry," and a paper on"Forest Lift" was read by the chairman of the program, Mrs. Robt. Meteer; Miss Martha Wyatt read a paperon the "World's Wonder Wood ; "Miss O'Neill read Mrs. Roy Clendenin's paper, "How Best to PreserveTrees and Renew Them."SMALL FIRE.' The Frosty, Cold Days of WinterAre Here!And it is about time to change from Summer Underwear tothe Winter Weight. We have the biggest stock of Underwearever shown in the cily.Union Suits and Two-PieceGarmentsIN ALL PRICES FROM$1 to $8 Per SuitThe Duifold Health Underwear, which keeps you warmbut is not heavy and bundlesome, is acknowledged to be thebest underwear made. Perfect fitting garments for the bigman and the little man.Look at our windows and see the right kinn of Underwearo buy.Mitchell & Blakemore,IThe Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckymBurning rubbish in the cellar of theresidence of Tom Carter, colored, onof the State to be sent to the United ' Brooks street, Wednesday night, causStates Senate by the direct vote of the ed the fire department to make a quickpeople is ex-Governor J. C. W. Beck- j run in response to an, alarm from boxham, who triumphed at the polls last j 13. The fire did not amount to muchTuesday by a majority running very and was quickly extinguished.close to 40,000.Johnson N. Camden, Democratic! p; ..- j i r v - icandidate for the short term, which , nrc win and llghtniRg !flexpires March 3; is returned to the J SUTanCS.Thomas, Woodford & BryanRECOVERS STOLEN HORSE.Clayton Jones, a twenty-year-oldwhite boy, was arrested here by Deputy Sheriff Clay Hodgkin, of Clarkt. ,- r. trrwif"Or do we hear you kindly say, theannex can be had now; the annexiiif fo ho had now: the annex willbe had now." ,. .I Will has a spirit that nothingdaunts, ,, ,. . .Or.ce he gets his eye on the thing hewants; ,.,., .-He rolls up his sleeves and Pitches inWith a splendid zeal that is bound to"I Will' understands in his ownstrength liesThe one chance he'll get at the thingsmen prize."Discouragement, failure nothing canTbcstout heart of him who declares,T Will ' "J. B. REDMOND,President of Massie Memorial Hospital Annex Association, Paris, Ky.BUILD FENCES NOW.. .Will VoBuild vour fences now juu "too busy in the spring. We toveafine lot of locust posts, oak pickets,oak fencing plank and oak farm gates.t27-4t) BOURBON LUMBER CO.Senate by a majority in excess of 40,000, and has. the honor of leading histicket handsomely.Augustus E. Yvrillson, former Governor of the State and RepublicanSenatorial candidate, gets secondplace, and leads Burton Vance, Progressive candidate, by a large majority. The race between the Republi- County, charged with stealmg a valucans and the Progressives was the able horse from M.r Winfield Thomas,only real contest, asthe Democratic i of Ihe Ruckerville neighborhood, incandidates ran way ahead of their j Clark county, oiithe night of Oct. 24.opponents in all instances. j Jones admitted taking the horse,In the eleven Congressional races which he said he abandoned on thethroughout the State no change what- road at the junction of the North Midever in the complexion of the Ken- dletown and Austerlitz pikes. The antucky delegation is made. Democratic t nimal was afterward found on thecandidates have been elected by very farm of Mr. J. S. Butler, near Austercomfortable majorities in all districts litz. Mr. Butler advertised the straysave" two the Tenth and--the Elev- in the Bourbon News, and this was theenth where John W. Langley and direct cause of the animal's being loCaleb Powers, Republicans, are re.- j cated by the Winchester authorities,turned to Congress. I The saddle and bridle were also re-The onlv new face in the entire t covered.Kentucky delegation is that of David Jones was taken to Winchester and jH. Kinchqloe, who succeeds A. O. ' lodged in jail to await his examiningStanley in the Second district. , trial.In this city and county the election ( NEARING COMPLETION. Jpassed off very quietly, with the fol-jlowing results: i The new two-story business nousejvUnited States Senator (long term) , being erected by Louis Saloshin, onWhy Pay22c to 25c per,pound forSausageOJ FRANK Gfcmm9er. "vQ Bmi4o1 XX I Jp -jO f. "0Special I'SELLBeckham, 1,714; Wilson, - 1,623; IBeckham's majority, 91. !United States Senator (short term)Camden, 1,789; Bullitt, 1,499; Camden's majority, 290.CougressmannCantrill, 1,764; Bristow, 1,524; Cantrill's majority, 240.C. O. Hinton was elected a memberof the City Board of Education to succeed the late Mr. C. Arnsparger. Mr.Hinton had been appointed by theBoard to serve out the unexpired termof Mr. Arnsparger. Geo. D. Speakesreceived some votes for the affice, buthe was not eligible, being already theholder of an elective office, Councilman from the First ward.the site of the old McClann home, onthe corner of Main and Seventhstreets, is nearing completion. Thebuilding is expected to be ready foroccupancy on or before February 1,1915, when it will be occupied by Mr.Robert Walsh, lately of Mt. Sterling,as a clothing store. The building isnow under roof and will soon be readyfor the plasterers.DEPOSIT SANK IMPROVEMENTS.BUGGY R03ES ANDFOOTWARMERS.If Duty was as shapely and as pretty as Temptation and Temptation wasas uninviting as Duty.Old Man Satanwould have to close the Hades Hotelfor lack of business.If the Prohibitionists keep on issuing bulletins denouncing poor old jDemon Rum they may yet issue aBeautiful selection of Buggy Robesr. received. The best quality andmost serviceable patternsThe remodeling of the Deposit andPeoples' Bank building which hasbeen in progress icr several mouuis iis almost completed, and the; ne-wrrooms are now receiving the finishingtouches from the plasterers. The newconcrete vault for the big safe hasbeen completed for some time, and i-a marvel of strength and security.The new rooms will be used as adirectors' meeting rooms, and omwhich will be aevotea io uuwill bealcohol.fll"f ,ipi" ! r'f,'ryiV, !tt2 POUNDSOF BESTPORKSAUSAGEFOR0 SUITSmLadies' and Misses Sizes,newest styles and materials,all colors, formerly" sold at$25.00 and $20.00,DOWN GOES MEAT.room,. No car-. . .. .n4-.".nc. nv me wn rriage or antomomw - d"tu stationery .and writingwSETEM.01 SSUl3 and other convenience, to,y.7l? T.AVIN & CONNBLIi. ' their use.&i-i,jFor Friday and Saturday of thisweek we will sell meats at the following low prices: Pure porksage, loc per pounu; pork roasts anapork chops, 15c per lb.; shoulder pork,1212C per pound; beef roast, 15c perpound; porterhouse and loin stakes,20c per pound; plate roast, 12c perpound. All home-killed meats.(It) H. MARGOLEN.35cCHOICE NOW$15.00Alterations Free.sau- iBALDWIN BROS.t XFRANK & COThe Store Where' ReliabilityReigns.'5.V-&:''V'r.v? &MfIT riffrffiF5-i ..Tim MiwiiMt iilmiKnrttr--- --"?--"t .V.A, -. trIy- V9"' THfeWVJRBON NEWS,.PAkiS ?l pW&mVW$B& 6; 19147-Ift "The Bourbon NewsEstablished 'iWI-32 Years of Continouu$ Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.CARGO OF REPTILESOdd Shipment Reaches New YorkFrom Colombia. .IS WITH HUSBAND IN PERSIA(Entered at tlie Pans, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)iOne Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Mrs. John Lawrence Caldwell, Wifeof U. S. Minister, Is at Legationin Teheran.'Published Every Tuesday and FridayL Three-Legged Frogs, Cubist Tortoisesand Owl-Headed Monkeys Goingto the British Museum HowArrows Are Poisoned.Washington. Mrs. John LawrenceCaldwell is the wife of the new United States minister to Persia, and isnow with her husband and their chil-ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseinnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved-to decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Continued on Page SIi ycu really want to be differentTrvm the rest of mankind, give moneyinstead of advice.Why is it that the Bartenders havealvavs been overlooked when we arehunting for material for the Diplo-imatic Corps? Any man who canhandle 50 souses who who want tovhip him and 50 rummies who wantto kiss him and send them away happy is some Diplomat.A woman places more faith in a little hook and eye than a man would-on an elevator cable.The lad who must have a nightcapbefore going to bed always wants aneyeopener when ho gets up.When a man has everything to gainand only his voice to lose he neverhas much trouble enlistening suckersin his Cause.An ideal marriage is one in which. the wife can keep her temper and thehusband can ekep a little money.You may have noticed that thepoker player who walks aroudn hischair to change his uck never changes it.A man can always find out how oldhis children are by asking theirmother.When-a man niarres he never stopsto figure that the sight of an old cornet hanging on the back of a chair-every morning in the year may become monotonous.The finest way to advertise the factthat you are bald is to wear a wig.When a man starts out in the world"he wants, High, Low, Jack and theGame. But after he has gone over- the jumps for a' few years he is satisfied if he can save th game.What has become of the old-fashionedboy who spent Saturday nightNew York. H. G. F. Spurrell, M. A.,M. B., B. Ch., Oxon.; F. Z. S., London, and graduate of the LondonSchool of Tropical Medicine is in ourmidst. He arrived from the wilds ofColombia aboard the steamship Pastores of the United Fruit line and hewill sail for England with as strangea collection of reptiles and bugs aswas ever dreamed of by an overindulgent Omar.Mr. Spurrell of the many degreesis connected with the British museumand for the last twelve months hehas been ransacking the Choco district of Colombia in quest of strangesnakes, bugs and such like things.He is taking back to England over1,000 specimens, most of which have,never been classified by science.Among his collection are severalthree-legged frogs and a pair of cubist tortoises. The frogs live in treesand they are used by the Indians toobtain poison for their spears and arrows. The method by which the Indians obtain this poison is barbarousto say the least."It has been generally supposed,"said the scientist and explorer, "thatthe Indians obtain the poison for theirarrows and . spears by taking thevenom of snakes. This is not true.They capture a lot of the three-leggedtree frogs and proceed to affix them tosticks and then toast them gently overa fire. The frogs under the toastingbegin to sweat a deadly poison whichis collected, and into this the arrowheads and spear points are dipped.The poison is extremely venomous andonce it enters the human blood deathresults instanter."The scientist tells of many strangereptiles and mammals he encounteredin the Choco wilds. Principal amongthese is the owl-headed monkey.These monkeys, according to Mr.Spurrell, differ but little from themonkeys we are all familiar with ex-rNot What He Meant.In a case in whicfcC a man wascharged with cruelly ill-treating ahorse by working it in an unfit state,a constable expressed the opinion thatthe aniriial was not capable of doingany more work on account of its age.A solicitor for the defense suggestedthat the horse merely requireda rest. Magistrate "Eternal rest?"Solicitor "I do not mean that, sir."Saved by a Dog.The sagacity of a dog has savedthe lives of a master at Eton college,England, and his family. They resideat Ye Olde Falge, Slough, and the master was awakened in the middle of thenight by the dog scratching and whining at the bedroom door. He foundthe kitchen and study ablaze and thispart of the house gutted, valuable pictures and books being destroyed.7 .- . -- -IRISUBI FIREPROOF JW I Cannot burn never leak look well and Ir are inexpensive. They cover the best homes, II churches, schools and public buildings all overx 1 tne countrv IX xj 7 For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.Faithful.An Indiana automobilist was takensuddenly ill with .acute indigestion,and his car was left by the curb overnight. His bird dog, which usuallyaccompanied him on his journeys, insisted on keeping guard over the caruntil the next day, when it was takento a garage. The dog seemed toknow that a greater responsibility devolved upon him through hia. master'sillness. 'Suited Her Exactly.Fortune Teller "Beware of a darkman whom you will soon meet. Hewill be a villain." Girl "How perfectly delightful! How soon will 2meet him?" New York Globe.Bourbon Laundry 1DWIS & FUNK, Props.West 5 Street $irt- t4Telephone No. 4.Mrs. John Lawrence Caldwell.dren at the legation in Teheran. Mrs.The, Surest Way."My life is made a burden by billCaldwell is a Kansas woman, and be-,j collectors." "I've discovered a way offore the appointment of her husband j getting rid of 'em that never fails."to the diplomatic corps, made her "For heaven's sake, put me wise." "Ihome at Fort Scott, where Mr.v Cald-. pay 'em, my boy." Boston Transcript.well was an attorney.Anv old time you hear a mutt loudlyi irrigating the Memory of his Dear OldWRITES NEWS OF OWN DEATH ! Mother in tront of a bar, it is a safe'bet that he treated his Mother likeFrench Mother Receives Letter From ! a skunk when she was alive.Son Written Just Prior toHis Demise.We Take Pleasure.in "oine up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whay wmadeihe Bourbon Laundrt? ffamous fo fine work and it tfjjdever goes frock on its repn- Vtation. If you are particular fabout how your linen is tfhlaundered, your custom is the VAkind we want as we like to fappreciatee, toBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.resemblance to the hoot owlThe hoot owl monkeys give voice toterrible sounds not unlike that madeby the circus calliopes of our childhood days. These hoot owl monkeystravel in groups of six or seven andtheir voices all differ. AVhen theyyowl or howl or screech they do notdo so in unison, but each follows theother. The result is that a party ofthese monkeys in the forest soundslike the steam circus terror. Theyrun the scales and blare forth noisesthat terrify the strongest hearts.The explorer also describes a spe-I cies of ape, known as the sobbingwith his head in his Mother's lap monkey. This weeping creature seemsParis. One of the countless Frenchmothers with eons at the front at thebeginning of hostilities has receivedcept that their heads bear a strong i the first news of her boy.' Within anwhile she conducted the weekly FineComb Investigation?Job got a reputation for being aPaxient Man because he never livednext door to a family that had three-or four daughters who took turns developing their calves at the PlayerPiano.If some of the women had as muchliair on their heads ai they have ontlieir upper lips, there wouldn't bejmswi switches or transformationssod.A man doesn't like to kiss a littlegirl because her k ,ces are too wet.But a big girl can slobber on his faceall she pleases and le will never think- jyf calling on the balvage Corps.( -)ne reason why we should send' Missionaries to the Heathen in Africa ,is because some of the HeathensT,-irht p-t. hold of one of our magazines and obtain the impression that jperfectly tame and follows in-the wakeenvelope addressed lo her son in anunknown hand were two letters, thefirst written in the same hand as theoutside address and the second in ahand familiar to her. This was theletter from her son and read as fol-1lowe:"Dear Parents If you receive thisletter I shall have been killed. Do notweep for me, since my fate is themost splendid of which a Frenchman,can dream to die for his country on jthe eve of victory, for I am sure we !shall conquer. We have the right and jthe confidence on our side, and I shall' ,have done my duty to the end."I hopp that my death will be. use-!ful to the country and regret onlyl &jMFi inuufWSWk foodof the natives who happen his way, I the sorrow vou wiH feel Bllt you mayStrength PastFifty Yearscan be maintained byadapting the right nourishment, and Nature's ewn oil-in Scott's Emulsionhas strengthened thousands menand women to continue their workand usefulness for many years.Scott's Emulsion is a food, a medicine and a tonic to keep theblood rich, avoid rheumatismand thwart nervous conditions.It is"free from alcohol or harmful drugs. The best physiciansprescribe it n-50n.-kM m:m iwiiiiwaiF1giving voice to loud lamentations. Thenatives who are thus followed consider it an omen of bad luck .and at onceconsult their medicine men to be relieved of the sobbing nemesis.Mr. Spurrell says he has never discovered why the monkeys sob or whythey follow humans about unless theyare seeking someone to wipe theirnoses.assCIRCLES THE WORLD IN VAINRussian Official Travels, but Failsto See Mother, Whom He NovBelieves Is Dead.Seattle. Cant. D. S. Vassilieff, na-vae men and women over here never j val attache of the Russian embassywear anything more than Union Suits. I pt -Washington, arrived from Yoko-A thin girl is so easny iied.cu cnnu nama after a trip virtually around tneconsole yourscK with the thought thatas a Frenchman I bare given all tomy country and that as a Catholic Idied after being reconciled with God.My last thoughts will have been of .you- ! Round trip Winter Tourist Tickets-, Corporal, Dragoons. ' , on salf, (aily trom 0cU lst i914 toThe other letter was from a Bel-! April '30, 1915, to all principal touristglan priest describing the soldier's I Pillta in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,death as that of a hero, assuring the ! Lmnsiana Mississippi. New Mexico" t I ftVnC ! T1 f 1 H 'i V!1T1 M I TIM' Willi MI1XImother that his body was properly . ", ,;W Mav n', ini- vAth Vfivburied and concluding: libaval stop-o er privileges. Also low"You will come to his tomb after 1 round-trip Kome-Seokers tickets tothe war." points in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana' and Mississippi, on sale first and third1 Tuesdays ot each month, with finalWILL NOT POSTPONE BIG FAIR1 return limit vfteen days from date of, sale. For further information, call on.War in Europe Will Not Cause Post- or address,wearing- 1-.,T. olia llfJCsue miuo nii "u"because she isn'ts rS' , fle fnr thP. T3ae.li-1 from reaching her bedside'mere iou j '-u jAny time a woman maKebponement of Panama-Pacific International Exposition.agOOU IIUIU juai !, ?,, un offnrf in enn Iiirf-nlr uuu uc6uu ' " -" 1J. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. II. HARRIS, Agt.dying mother. The Avar prevented him1rr flirl.-up her mind to change ner nameuecan herd some sort of a he-animalinto a corner and make him sayTJncle. , ...The American Poultry Associationsave the perfect chicken should have.-l- io-0 woii if thev mean the-sosie kind that I mean, I do not care-so much for the underslung model.TV&en a man has a wife and three-sro-wu daughters he can't see why his-TKife wants to spend good money ons. Phonograph."j4ging from the Court Records, alot o girls seem to imagine that theold proverb should read: "Marry inhacte and spend the alimony leisure.iGKfEMS"I was taken with a severeheadache and cold, whichfinally brought on constipation and bowel trouble.Physics o all kinds wereused, and we were obligedto resort to the fountainsyringe for help. I coulddrink castor oil like water,but it did no good. Saltswere of no use. The doctors were puzzled. Afterusing three bottles of PerunaI consider myself entirelywell." Mr. John B. Capers,No. 610 Pecan St., FortWorth, Texas.Those vrho object to UquldMedicine Trill find. Peru an Tablets a desirable remedy CorCATARRHAL CONDITIONS.B:llfi?Advised that his mother was fatallyill of cancer at her home near Petrograd, Captain Vassilieff obtained aleave of absence and departed fromWashington July 15. He arrived inPetrograd August 1 and reported tothe war office.There he was informed that mobilization of the army had begun. HewTas ordered to return to his post immediately via Siberia. He has notheard from his mother, but believesshe is dead.When he arrives in Washington hewill have traveled entirely around theworld.San Francisco. The Panama-Pacific , -Internationalexposition will not bepostponed on account of the war in PARISEurope. On the contrary, it will openon the scheduled date, February 20,1915, and it will be completely readywhen opened. Such is the announce- jment of President Charles C. Moore.-1"There is not the slightest reason," ,says Mr. Moore, "to believe the sue-1! cess of the exposition will be im- ji paired by the war. Not one of thev belligerent nations has given notice 'of intention to withdraw its participation. Several of them have sent wordthat their plans are unchanged, andHolland has increased its appropriation from $100,000 to $400,000. Thefact that the war will make the UnitedINTERURBAN SGHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.Is Your Coal Bin Full ?Our Coal wHf give the best results inyour heating stove and furnace, as ,well as in your cooking stove.The Coal we sell burns better, givesmore heat and lasts longer than anyany other Coal. Give us a trial order.Dodson DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St. Both Phones 140.sSSSsZifStssSGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL BISECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALIELBOTH'PHONES DA.Y 137; NIGHT 299.bs&kqJStates of supreme importance amongDEATH 1 tne nations it is believed will increasei Vi HnmPRtin nnrt.ifMTiation. and a nam.British Reaiment Rushes on Barhed Pign already is being started to makeCAVALRY RIDES TOWire and Is Cut to Piecesby Germans.the exposition the place for an international peace conference next year."JOIN LEPER COLONYLondon. A private letter received. . .,,. frnrn tL British officer at the WILLfront tells how a British cavalry regi- ...ment suffered severe loss through a' English M.nister Wll facrlf.ee a Life. .. rr.r i nf Ease for isolation Withruse ot tne enemy. . . .The regiment, it seems, sighted a !German battery not far off firing in 'Lve. Court House.7:10 a m7.45 a m8.15 a m8.45 a m9.15 am9.45 a m10.15 a m10.45 a m11.15 a m11.45 a m12:05 p m12.45 p m1.15 p m1.45 p m2.15 p m2.45 p m3.15 p m i3.45 p m4.15 p m5.15 p m5.40 p m6.05 p m6.30 p mCity Limits Only.Lve Station 547.15 a m8.00 a in8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a mt 11.00 a mx 11.30 a m1 11.50' a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.3Q p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m6.40 p ml Pans Odorless Cleaning Co. f:a reverse direction, and the Britishofficer decided that the battery wasunaware of their presence, whereuponhe ordered a cavalry charge down intothe valley which lay between them5 and the battery. .Unfortunately the bottom of the valley had been very cleverly studdedwith concealed barbed wire, into whicha great portion of the regiment rushedbefore the front rank could give warning. Immediately the German batteryturned its guns around, inflictingheavy loss.London. From a life of comparative ease to isolation in a Japaneseleper colony is the lot which the Rev.A. S. Hewlett, until now the vicarof Birkenhead, has chosen for himself. He is now on his way to Japan.The clergyman took the step onlyafter careful thought. But as he has'no family ties, he saw nothing tostand in the way of it. He will notwork on the medical side, but devote'limself to the spiritual needs of thelepers. At the same .time he will notneglect the cautions known to scienceto avoid contracting the disease.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave Lexington Leave ParisFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8 : 50 am10:20 a mll:50a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m7:20 p m,9:10 p m11:00 p mDaily except Sunday.for Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11J.5 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m-8:15 p m10:05 p mLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned and' Reblockedto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.1Paris Odorless Cleaning Co.,' Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.Aerated Milk.Why will you pay five cents formilk when you Qan get the bestmilk in the market for four cents?Phone us at the Woodlawn Dairy.Home Phone 79; E. T. Phone 540.R. F. COLLIER,Woodlawn Dairy,(octl3-tf) Phones, Home 79; E. T. 540.ckly relieves r.henrcatisn. Sore 3IusKeuralia, U icVachc. Headache.11 -nnSna VM.1 Tir nnv lmolf if It I ftllfl ilieva any acle in any part ol taa oou.filteen minutes time. , .Jfrice SOc. At uiu jsrugcrwFiea Miopia sl circular enl oa request.BOURBDM REMEDY COBfOVT,East Main St.Leslngion, Ky.:fi-V,;&,Q,v 4- 5 ...--vV-'A AKSV&r .irV -."i-VVaft.t;?y A- T.Wrt' ,a-i" Li - tJT?r.StAl, .A.,- X.ii-'hrvSA,-A-OiLrnv-r'-v'liiftXA -V-V Sl VTJ',V- "THE BOUKHON NEWS PARIS, KY., NOVEMBER 6? 19144f ,ffrui and Shade Trees, Shrubs,Grape Vines, Rhubarb, Asparagus, Peonies, Phlox,Roses, Etc.Everything for Orchard, Lawnand Garden.No Agents. Free Catalogs.Lexington, Kentucky,CCoclmCurtis&Overby! i .rBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursF c Long. Waits.A Share of the Public Palronage Solicited.Corner Fourth and MainModern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDProfessional Cardspr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office PhonesHome 136.E. T. 334.Home 334.Residence jDR. A. U KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's BldgParis - - KentuckjJ. S. Wallingford, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,PLcnei-31YTJ. WIIitilAMS,ATTORNEY-A T-L A WOffice, Basement of Court House.Bank Row Entrance.UANutK uvncuI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Parts.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.9 4rLOST.Eetween Paris and Cynthiana, twoweed chains from automobile. Suitable reward.121 HIGH ST., E. T.PHONE 193.J 27-3t)Rooms For Rent.Furnished rooms for rent in a confortable home close to business center. All conveniences; convenient topostoffice, opera house, churches, etc.Apply at this office.For Sale,About 3n0 shocks corn: toacresbluegrass furnished to feed on.J. M. RUSSELL,East Tennessee Phone 690.loctlSltf)For Rent.Frame house on Second street.Apply at 315 Pleasant Street, E. T.Telephone 276, or at Paris BookStore, E. T. Telephone 562.For Sale.tPony Saddle and Blanket Jotpony cart. Inquire at News office; tqTREES, F. HILLENMEYERa sonsSewBaiwtoRESULTS THAT REMAIN.Are Appreciated by Our People.Thousands who suffer from backache and kidney complaint have triedone remedy after another, finding onlytemporary benefit. This is discouraging, but there is one kidney medicinethat has earned a reputation for lasting results and there is plenty of proofof its merit right here in ParisHere is the testimony of one who Iused Doan's Kidney Pills years ago,and now moke her testimony evenstronger. ,Mrs. J. T. Martin, Pleasant &Eleventh Streets, Paris, 'Ky., sa,ys: "Isufferud quite severely from pains'across the small of my back and in mykidney. The trouble alarmed me andI tried many medicines. I did notget relief however, until I procuredDean's Kidney pills at Wilson's DrugStore, (now Butler & Co.'s DrugStore.) They improved my conditionin every way. All I have ever saidpraising Doan's Kidney Pills was entirely correct and I confirm my formerendorsement of this remedy. Theypermanently cured me of kidney trouble." Price 50c, at all dealers. Don't sim-i ply asks for a didney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N .Y.(dav.)LUKE McLUKE SAYS( 18 imsug-rreuuiomo )Yu can teach a girl any of the Sciences. But you can't make her un-' derstand that if she would wear red-flannel underwear she wouldn't needfurs.The old-fashioned woman whothought of nothing but clothes nowhas a daughter who hardly givesclothes a thought when she is dressing to go out.Charity has a fat chance in thisworld. When a man wants ti be generous he always begins with himselfI and can't gat any lurther.IMarriag eis one institution that willalways flourish despite the knocks ofthe Wise Guys. When you have awarm, soft bundle of girlhood in yourarms and the wonderful perfume ofher hair makes your whole systemtingle, and she hold you so tight thatyou can gliear her heart beatinagainst yours, and you realize thatshe regards YOU as the Guy who putsthe Sun and lights out of the moonwhat are you going to do, kick her inthe slats, or ask hei to let you be herdoor mat for life?Father spends ten years of his lifetelling the children that Caster Oilisn't bad to take, and then wonderswhy the children do not honor and respect him when they grow up.When a married man hears his wifesay that she has nothinb more to sayhe gets ready to settle down for twohours while she says it.There isn't anything new under thesun. The Corsetless Effect had itsorigin in the Garden of Eden.The old-fashioned little girl whosebirthday present used to be a Chinacup, bearing the inscription "For aGood Little Girl," now has a littlegirl who wants a manicure set, a realwillow plume and a vanity bag everytime she has a birthday.You are never tuo lod to learnEven a chorus girl doesn't know it all.What has become of the old-fashionedtoothbrush that used to be commonproperty in the home?When a girl tells a man to quit, andhe quits she gets mad at him because she told him to quit.The man who never uses a napkinat home makes the loudest kick ifthe waiter forgets to give him a napkin when he is dining out.The fellows who mind their ownbusiness are the ones who have allthe luck.The only excuse some women seemto have for getting married is thatthey had to have some mutt to kickthe cat out of the house every night.THE CHARMF MOTHERHOODEnhanced By Perfect Physical Health."!The experience of Motherhood is a trying one to most women and marks dis-xracuy an epocn in tneir nves. xnul oneVVVJliltill III CL XJUUULCU JS pi.Cpd.LGVJ Ul uu-derstands how to properly care for her-eelf. Of course nearly every womannowadays has medical treatment at suchtimes, but many approach the experi-,An-rt, on irom ,,fi tfw,ence with an organism unfitted for the;trial ot strength, and when it is overher system has received a shock fromwhich it is hard to recover Followingright upon this comes the nervous strain Jof caring for the child, and a distinct;change in the mother results. j. IThere is nothing more charming thana happy and healthy mother ofchildrenand indeed child-birth nnder the nghcondifaoiisneedbenohaprdtohealthora?'-i.1Vit,mDaiSSfJ5ffSf"?srssSS?sSffip!e time in wbich to prepare, womenwill persist in going blindly to the trial .& IEvery woman at this time should rely jupon Lydia R Pinkham's VegetableCompound, a most valuable tonic and iUrvlgurawjr U uic xciiwuic oanim.T ... Xa -C iltA Tivmm1 "h wimrMIn many homesc:ce childless thereare now children because of the factthat Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound makeswomen normal,healthy and strong.1.YC1A E WNKHAfcl(If you want special advice write to' Lvdia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. (onfl-dential) Lynn, Mass. Tour letter wille 0peaed, read and answered by awoman ama held in strict confidence.WR17 feiTOr1 Wfv0 tZsfyU In) jDASHED HIS HOPES OF GLORYWould-Be MiHtary Hero, Aged Eleven,Recognized Call That There WasNo Disobeying.Senator John Sharp Williams wasnever in the Confederate army. Buti the fault is not his. He' started withtlie Dest intentions, as well as with aknapsack filled with a good lunch. i question of the rights of the publicThe war was at its height when he and tne necessities of the strategistswas a big boy of eleven, and as his m a campaign to prevent their movefather was in the army, and dozens of meits becoming known to the enemy,friends and relatives had gone forth i "Even a century ago," says F.to battle against the dreaded "Yank," Lauriston Bullard in his book on "FaJohn Sharp one night decided that his ! mous War Correspondents," the Dukecountry called him to arms. The fact ! Wellington was registering prothat he was only eleven, and about the ' tests against such a mild type of waronly road he knew was that to the j reporting as that done by Crabbecandy shop, did not deter him. Out .in the darkness of the night the "call"of his country sounded as loud as thedinner horn to hungry field hands.So young William arose and setforth down the road in the early dawn.And as he tramped down the lanes ofdust, past the still farmhouses overwhich hung, the early smoke from thekitchen chimney, he dreamed dreamsor. now ne would come DacK on aprancing charger covered with glory, !gore and gold lace. Then suddenlybehind him he heard the lope of an approaching horseman Looking back,he saw it was old Uncle Zeph on theblind mule. Uncle Zeph pulled up themule with a jerk beside his young master. "John, your maw says as how youbetter be gittin' back home in a hurry.She ain't er goin' ter stand fur no sichgoin's on!" exploded Zeph. "You jes'clim' up here 'hind me on dis mule andhe'll tote us home ter breakfast!"So John climbed aboard the muleand turned his face homeward, leavingin the ashes of a dead past his highhopes of military glory.DOG'S HIKE COVERED MILESTo Reach Old Master He Made Distance of Many Leagues inTwo Months.A. A. Smith of Sterling received atelegram declaring that a dog fortwhich he had conducted a wide searchafter losing the animal In Denver is inAmerican Falls, Idaho, with friends,according to a Sterling (Col.) dispatch. The dog, a Scotch collie, madeits way on foot from Denver to theIdaho town, covering the distance of975 miles in three days less than twomonths.The dog had been raised in the Idahotown. He was purchased by Smithand shipped from Idaho July 15. Hewas placed in a baggage car andfastened with a collar and chair. Thedog was on the train when it reachedDenver. Smith went to the baggagecar to claim the dog! He and the baggage man were astounded to find thedog missing. The collar, securelyfastened to the chain, remained to tellin what manner he had made his escape. Smith spent four days in Denverhunting for the dog and advertisedextensively in the newspapers. Hefinally gave up hope of ever hearingof the animal again.The telegram from the former owners of the dog at American Falls informed Smith that the dog ,had justarrived there and that he was footsore, weary and otherwise sufferingfrom his long, and what must havebeen an eventful, -journey.Valuable California Spring.Arsenic in quantities surpassing thepercentage of the only other spring ofits kind in the world has been discovered in the waters of the springs atArrowhead, north of San Bernardino,Cal. According to the analysis thewater at Arrowhead was found to contain one-twentieth of a grain ofarsenic to the gallon, while that of theonly other known spring in the world,at Bourboule, France, contains one-sixty-seventhof, a grain to the gallon.This latter percentage of arsenic isfound in steam caves in Watermancanyon. The springs at Bourboule,France, are considered to be of suchvalue that the government has erecteda sanatorium costing $3,000,000 for theDeiiefit of the French peopleNfiW Power vehicleaddition to the family ofx , . ,.,.., .l-inven venicies is uie auwipeu.i This mochine has the carrying plat-,. t. . . ' - .7 . , "" "-. " , r " "designed to be ridden while standing"i-s"- e ui uuui iCCL, me w-,tro1 beillS in the steering pillar. The 1engine, 2 horsepower, is built intne rront wheel and the steering pillar ,is hollow, serving also as the gasoline .suppiy tank. The working .parts are 'entirely inciosed, making them dustpr)0f and there are nQ pedalS( orcrankg about the machne which willmaintain, so the inventor, claims, anaverage speed of 20 miles per hourrr cr rnv;th a cor t 'f aslm; of but one Sallon tothe hundred miles.iThe Shivers. ',..0ne of the duke of Wellington'sfaninlla envin Wn w norv uni..!form didn't covera hero."The speaker was Col. George Harvpv. He r.nntiTinpfl:1 ,,,. , .I me Dest armed troops nave neverfought before. How, then, can theylight well when they see on every side , Helping the Youngsters.their companions getting their heads One of the Chicago municipal courtand arms and legs blown off? judges has established a library for"Chivalry may have been all very , foreign boys in the boys' court. . Arwell in the past, but today is the day rangements have been made by him.of machine guns, and so I rather hold with the public library to furnishtoday to the little girl's definition, of books written in the native tongueschivalry. ' , $ the nationalities most frequently" 'Chivalry said she, 'is when -you represented in the court.-r-The Livingfeel cold. "HIS CENSORSHIP WAS STRICT IDuke of Wellington's Order PreventedWorld Knowing About Resultof Waterloo.The absolute embargo which hasbeen decreed upon war news by near-ly every war department of EuropeDrinss to attention again the oldRobinson in the peninsula."In 1809 the duke declared that insome instances the English newspapers have accurately stated not onlythe regiments occupying a position,but the number of men fit for dutyof which each regiment was composed, and this intelligence must havereached the enemy at the same timeit did me, at a moment at which itwas most important that he shouldnot receive it."This author is of the opinion thatbut for the protests of the Iron Dukethe world would know far more aboutthe batttle of Waterloo than was possible in the absence of trained narrators. The present degree of secrecy isso complete that the newspapers ofLondon are all protesting privately tothe war office and publicly in theireditorial columns, and there is likelyto be some relaxation of the rule.In his discussion of the whole question of publicity of war news and thedemands which patriotism at timesmakes for the suppression of intelligence, Mr Mullard cities the famousJ war artist, Frederic Villiers. who longago declared that "publicity, publicity, publicity is the greatest factor'vand force in our public life."DOES AWAY WITH HANDWORKWonderful Machine That EmbroidersDozens of Pairs of Stockings Practically Simultaneously.Shortly before the war it was reported from Germany that openworkstockings would probably be moreplentiful and cheaper as the result ofan invention which permits their manufacture by machinery instead of by' tedious handwork. The work of themachine is described in a report madeby E. Kilbourne Foote, United Statesvice-consul at Chemnitz, Germany.He says: "A machine has recentlybeen perfected in Saxony which embroiders clocks and ornamental designs on three dozen pairs (72 pieces)of socks or stockings simultaneously,288 stitches being made at one time.Intricate patterns and also openworkembroidering can be done on coarseas well as on the finest grades ofcotton, lisle or silk finished or unfinished hose."Another great advantage of the ma- jchine is that it obviates leaving ho-siery for weeks with the hand embroid-'erers, whose woik is always booked'far ahead, and large orders which Jformerly could be executed only onlong terms tor delivery can now be -filledrapidly. It has always been dim-cult to get good handworkers for fine jblack hosiery, as embroidering onj black affects the eyesight. With the 'new machine only one man and one igirl are requited to do the work."No Library Complete Without Them."The next book agent which thelady of the house will be compelledto welcome with a door slam," wiitesJess "Worley, "will be the man whois selling the 'new and complete history of the European war, lady, which ihas just been published fiom theBlink & Blank publishing house andbound in rpnl "iTrrorrn Inrli -H.ffl-. oil .the latest and best photographs of the Jrulers and their military leaders, with jviews of the troops, battles, skir-mishes and the graphic accounts ofthe events that led up to the war, to Igether with the revised and complete!! list of the engagements, tne towns ,J and cities in which the important)fighting took pltfce, lady, and the' scenes tllat llave become famous, allfor the very reasonable installment ar-rangement of two dollars nnri sivtvfiye down-and a doa: '.. . . " ? ,. eerythirty minutes thereafter.You can'tafford to be without it' '. gKansas CityPut Ban on Veto,It is recalled that at the papal con-clave of 1903, not a little sensationwas caused by the revelation that EmlPeror Francis Joseph of Austria hadordered Cardinal Puzyna, archbishopof Cracow, to pronounce the Imperialveto against the election of CardinalRampolla, who- was suspected of be-Siofriecdly.-toi anc?--0n that oc-S10n Cf rdmal reelia stat thatthe conclave could not accept suchcommunication or take it into ac-count, and, although Cardinal Ram-Plla ws not chosen, Pius X regardedthe incident with the greatest inditr-nation, and issued a bull directing thatany cardinal attempting to repeat theveto in future would be placed under' fho. mnnn 1 - !. i ntWJ """J"1 i"t ui ue excommuuicaiea.Church.1:jNOWIS THE time:To Bay Your Fall and Winter Shoes.iFeld's Shoe Store, !OnMainStreet,f Between Sixth and Seventh.WALTER MARTININEW LIVERY STABLE!N2W Carriages, Buijies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc. 'Horses Boarded ByHauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under thel management of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streeplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS.StablesEigthSt, MainjSt.oBell TelephoneBulletins9 HOW TROUBLESThere is no red tape around ourmethod of repairing telephonetroubles and correcting faults inthe service. "When a report oftl'ouole is made to T1S Soes imme"diately to the proper departmentail(i the investigation begins atrn, . ,i . xl01iee' J ne equipment, that is thesubscribers' line from the switcli-"board to the telephone instrument., ,,,,-, 1 -r.LS thworlly tested, and it neces-j sary, is inspected personally by aj competent man. AVe have delicate' . . . .,..-. -, .-. .instruments on the test-Doara thatolw !, o o Mo Ashow the nature of a trouble andindicate its location.Oftentimes the trouble is in acable or in a telephone instrumentand is of an involved nature. Insuch cases it is necessary to send aman out on the trouble. This requires more or less time and werealize that there is likely to be anunfortunate appearance of delayon our part. 'We hope our subCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYINCORPORATED .A Legally GUARANTEED CUREThinkof it.Mr. Far incr.here's a remedy for hog-cholera fn Wkmmthat is sold under a "Legral Guarantee Bond." How IRHfiBtau yuu auuiu iu lakt uuuuuub against QOg CUOlBTiiwhen you vm sret this remedy on such terms?ttouroon nogis the only remedy ever put up that is guaranteed to cure and pre vathoc cholera. It does the work better than any other known remedy. Ifit did net, it would not b sold on such a. strong guarantee. At AMDrng&sts. Write forfrca booklet tfllinsrhowto save yourfaoara.BOURBON RSMBDV COMPANY. LexJncten.VKy. ','The only thing J youwant to know is the shoestore that sellsT the 'moststylish and most reliableshoes shoes that lookgood and are good andgive you satisfaction inevery respect. This shoestore is 'ERNEST MARTINDay, Week or Month! STransfer Busi-Both PhonesARE REPAIREDscribers will understand that "we"are not neglecting their trouble-'just because they do not see a manactually at -work on their telephone. Frequently troubles occuron telephones and are detected by"us and corrected by us without thosubscriber knowing his line hasbeen out 'of order.The only thing in which we dealis telephone service. "We cannotrgive good service over lines thatare in trouble. It is to our vitalinterest to keep all lines clear andAve are constantly on the job. "We-employ men who are especially -trainedj:or this work. A complete -recordis kept of every trouble and ,complaint, the hour it is reported'?and the hour it is corrected. "Werare in close touch with the situation at all hours. "We want oursubscribers to know this and to erealize that their interests are ourinterests. .--,A0isunoiers nemedy--, v-!i--Vj lL,"fe.;.$Pui iv"nil.'T-'. )S VSS-I. i-rJ7- vi ,F3:RVrsj.. fTHE BOURBON NEWS, PA$1S KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 6 1914THEATR1GAL-FORMER PARISIAN RETURNS' ply rooms at all large depots serving,SAFELY FROM WAR ZONE, to the prioners and the wounded of iall nationalities, sandwiches, hot cof-Mr. C. Crosclie, former Parisian, fee and cisrars. and treating: friend !novf of Montgomery, Ala., who, with and foe alike. Germany has not , , .liis wife, went to Germany last sum- driven the French, English or Itus- jmer on a visit to his old home, and sians from its borders, hut has pro- The uoiomai Amusement company"who was detained there by the sud- tected them and their property, oh, announces following for Alamo Theaden outbreak of the European war, so different from their enejmies. At- tre, Friday, November 6th. The worldlias made the return trip in safety, ter this the Germans cannot be called 17dm Corporation present), VPorteaand is now at his home in Mont- 'barbarians.' ' 2nd." in five parts, The wonderfulgomery, after an eventful experience "We all hope this terrible war will Woman Detective Protea, makes herabroad. In a letter to his sons in this soon end, with a victory for Germany, second appearance in a series of darcity Mr. Grosche says, in part: j You ought "to have seen the great ing adventures, Every Friday we will"I am very glad that I am home crowds at the churches. There was show one of the World Film Corporaagain, and I know that you are all room for several thousand. The tion pictures, which includes the pastglad too. Our trip, which we thought churches were filled from six o'clock and the future productions of Messrs.would be a pleasant one, was rather Sunday morning until twelve o'clock, Shubert, William A. Brady, Charles E.a disappointment, not only to us, but and all took part in the singing. Even Blaney, Owen Lavis, Cecil Spooner,to thousands of other Americans. i on week days the churches are filled." and the McEnnery Syndicate of New"We were very lucky to get back : j York and London, An Amalgamationon a Holland steamer, but tho'usands NOVEMBER COURT DAY. J that will give our patrons the' finest,are on the other side yet awaiting for a J special Films ever produced.chance to get over. Our steamer, the j November court day saw one of the Begining with next week we also'Nordam,' had 2,000 passengers on j largest crowds in Paris for many nave tne exclusive rights for all pro--boardand we were packed in like ' months. Farmers generally had fin- ductions produced by the Paramountsardines in a box. We had rather ' ished the greater part of their farm Pictured Corporation which includesfair weather for the trip, but had two work and had "nothing to do until tlie following companies, famous playdays of storm and our old ship creak- to-morrow,", except toome to town ers Film Company, Jesse E. Baskyed pretty badly, and the waves wash-1 and greet their acauaintar-fces and feature play Company, Bosworth Inc.,ed over the decks. We were stopped ! npisrhborq i Producers of Jack Londons Fiction-three times by .English and Frenchwarships, each time for about threehours, whe nthey let us go. Afterten days we reached the shore andwe were surely glad. We had sixpriests and one Bishop on board andon Sunday we had three masses indifferent dining rooms.DEATHSI A'f''f'll'M'll'''ti'l'll 1 1 1 MMT'We reached Hoboken Friday about ' to $90 each.There was a big lot of stock on the Classics. In connection with the abovej market, most of which changed we have seureci the exclusive ngntshands. The buying and trading was lor tne aico mini corporation x-ruuuc-lively, and some jrrly good prices tions which includes the "All Star"were realized. ' Features, Popular Plays and Players,About 150 head of cattle on the Inc. California Motion Picture Cor-market. A large number of horses poration, and the "Excelsior" Featurewere sold at prices ranging from ?25 "" corporation.two o'clock and remained there untilMonday, .and reached MontgomeryTuesday night. On the way over we"had to sleep in different cabins, themen in one cabin and the women inanother. While in the old country Ihelped to get the harvest in, andcaught a bad cold and am not yetquite over it.All Germany has had axich harvest and fine weather to getthe crops in. Thei-e is no truth in each.the report' that Germans are on thepoint of starvation, as the presentcrops will last for at least two years,tut they already have from 300,000to 400,000 Russian, French, Englishand Belgian prisoners to feed.. "We reached Hamburg on July 26,and on the 27th war was declared byj The above pictures will be shownJames Stephens bought twenty-one as follows: Every Wednesday at thecalves at $24 per head. j Alamo a feature from the Aico serviceMatt Long- bought three Jersey will be shown and every Wednesdayheifers at $21.50 per head, and Mr. at the Paris Grand ar feature from theRenaker bought one Shorthorn heifer "Paramont" Pictures Corporation willfor $25. be shown. The Paris Grand will runSeven head of 1,000-pound cattle ' continues from 7 lc'oock to 10. Everywhere sold to A. S. Thompson at 5.70 Wednesday night, Admission 10 .per hundred pounds. On Thursday of every week at theMule colts sold at from S25 to S60 Alamo there will be shown anotherJersey cows. $37 to S61: heif- feature from the "Paramount" pro-ers, $21 to $27.50. Among the sales gram, and on Friday of every week atthe Alamo there will be siiown a teature from the World Film CorporationProgram. This is one of the best feature picture programs ever offered inany motion picture theatre. It is aselected program from the best fea-reported were the following: W. H.Whaley, Jr., of near Paris, bought 12head of mares with mule colts bytheir side at about $60 each.At hte combination sale of livestock, held at the stock yards of M.J. Murphy & Co., the following sales ture Film producer in the worm.Austria, and then the whole of Europe were reported by Auctioneer ceo. u. iteaci aimouucemeiiu, m u"Urt "Tecame involved. We landed first in Speakes: Jersey cows, to Harry ington Leader and Herald, of theseLong, one for 540 and one for S43: to , great features, mere win oe no au--Jater we went to my old home, butlDr- William Kenney, one for $37; to jvance in price, Admission 10c.after that traveling was very difficult. i0'a air. one tor ".&"; to w. n. .All the trains ana roaas were usea by ua,c. ,1- Uli iU1 v " vuc ;uithe military department. From the 4;; t0 L,1a ljair one ir d.ou; to j.!. h. Funrman. one lor $dv; to u'loyaLair, one for $41; to J. H. Fuhrman,one for $57; to James Eads, one for$50;K. OF P. ANNIVERSARY.first day that war was declaredagainst Germany until the 19th day,26,000 trains passed through Germanyloaded with soldiers, and not one accident occurred. They have splendidroads. At this time when I write 7,000,000 men were under arms, threemillion reserves were ready to takethe field at a moment's notice, andnearly two million volunteers offeredtheir services, but were not calledupon, as there was no room for them."No one in America has air idea of thespirit of war that prevails in Germany. "Hagen is a large railway center.In time of peace three to four hundred passenger trains pass throughthere every twenty-four hours, butduring war time I don'fr think therewas over twenty-five trains goingthrough, but every five minutes therewas a long military 'train first to thefront and then back filled with prisoners and the wounded. The -Red manCross Society has kitchens and sup-The eighth anniversary of the open-to W. H. Whaley, Jr., one for . ing of the Pythian Hbme at Lexington$43, and to T. L. Manhall, one for $61. will be celebrated by Rathbone LodgejNo. 12, Knights of Pythias ,at theirDEAVER SCHOOL HONOR Castle Hall, on Thanksgiving nightROLL FOR OCTOBER. !l)y. conferring the Page Rank on a; class of candidates. Each member ofHenry Huddleson 00, Vernon Ham-' the order is urged to secure the applimons 90, Delia Berryman .90, Eliza-' cation of a good man as a prospectivebeth Deaver 90, Addie Fightmaster 90, j member of the order and have him toGladvs Berryman 91, Catherine Berry- j go in with the class. Each memberman 93, Willie Perrv 93, Dora Mun-' added to the lodge and to the order inson 93, Helen Gleason 93, Dudley . Kentucky not only adds to theDeaver 94, Walter Huddleson 94, Har-1 strength of the fraternity, but addsold Sauer 94, John Williams Redmon one dollar per year to the support of95, Will Moore Lair 95. j the widows and orphans of deceasedMAE SHANNON, Teacher, mebers of the order.THE BEST HEATER AND RANGE 5When Friend Wife hears FriendGet the New Process Gas Range Husband brag about the "rapid"and Heater, from the leading stove stenographer he has in his office,i Friend Wife wonders if Friend Hus-A. F. WHEELER & CO. I band doesn't mean "fast."!tEmbry & Co.cAnnounce TheirReadiness to ShowttNter cmllitiery"X .vfNew WinEspecially Designed ForWeddings, Receptions andTheatre WearEntirely new effects trimmed with fur,paradise, plumes, goura and other handsomenovelties.A distinctive feature will be the greatvariety of styles shown'. In all this collectionof dressy" hats no duplicates will be seen.Embry & Co.ROBERTS.Mrs. Mattie Roberts, wife of Mr.Shelton Roberts, died at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this city, yesterday morning at five o'clock of septicmetritis.She is survived by her husband,Shelton Roberts and eight childrenJohn, Spencer, Layson, Jennie, Earl,Bettie and Mrs. Elgin Turner andMrs. Harry Waugh.Funeral services will take placeat the residence, on West street, tomorrow morning at ten o'clock, conducted by 'Eld. J. T. Sharrard. Burialin the Old Union cemetery. The pallbearers will be James Rye, Dan Menifee, Elgin Turner, Mark Herrington,Luther Herrington and W. S. Menifee. OWSLEY.Mrs. Mollie Owsley, wife of Mr.Edward Owsley, Sr., died at her homein Ruddles Mills, Wednesday, after ashort illness of a complication of diseases. Mrs. Owsley was the mother of alarge family of children, eight ofwhom survive her. They are Mrs.George, Speakes, of Paris; Mrs. Blanton Speakes, of near Paris; Mrs. Geo.Paynter; Mrs. Lela Tate, of Dayton,Ky.; Mr. George Owsley, of Cincinnati; Mr. Roy Owsley, of Ft. Worth,Tex. ;Mr. Ray Owsley, of Dallas, Tex.;Mr. Ed. Owsley, of Ruddles Mills. Shewas a sister of Mrs. Louis Mussinon,of Paris.The funeral services will be held atthe Christian Church, in RuddlesMills, to-morrow afternoon, at twoo'clock, conducted by Eld. GeorgeAmmerman, of Cynthiana. The burial will take place in the RuddlesMills cemetery. The pall-bearers willbe Jack Cunningham, James Fisher, J.R. Turner, Thomas Padgett, CharlesHough, C. A. Harney."""" McLAIN.Mrs. Swiney Ray received a letter Wednesday from Mrs. Lillian McLain, at East Oakland, Cali., tellingof the death at that place on October22, of her husband, Mr. Jessie McLainformerly of Paris.Mr. McLain had been ill but a shorttime, his death being caused by anattack of acute indigestion. He hadbeen in his usual good health, andhad been attending to business matters. Coming home on the night before his death he complained of suffering from indigestion and remained athome on the following day, the 22,he grew worse, and late in the afternoon expired from an aggravated attack of the disease.Mr. McLain was a native of Paris,where h espent the larger part of hisyounger days. He was a well-knownclothing salesman, and had been connected with various firms in Paris atdifferent times. Several years ago hetook a position with a large clothinghouse in Charleston, West Virginia,where he remained some time, and afterward went to San Francisco, wherehe was engaged in business at thetime of his death. IMr. McLain was v young man who .had a large circle of friends in Paris, ,and possessed a capacity for makingand retaining warm friends. He wasever loyal to his friends in his oldhome, and when here about a yearago spent most of his time in renew-ing old acquaintances.He is survived by his vife7 Mrs".Lillian McLain, and one sister, Mrs.Lizzie McLain Arkle. the latter a resident of San Francisco, Cali.The funeral services were held athis late residence, 1619 East FourthStreet, East Oakland, following whichWolf, Wile & Co.formerly Jfaufmanj Straus 6c Co.e3din.gr1;ori,yANNOUNCEAn Exceptional Sale ofSUITSxFor Women and MissesE-AT5A,25.00.Due to a fortunate cash purchase we are ableto offer our patrons some very great values inBroadcloth, Gabardine and Serge Suits at a priceabout one-third less than their actual value.areolars are Black, Navy, Russian Green andDark Brown.The lot includes some Fur-Trimmed Suits.WOLF, WILE & CO.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Kentucky3-J"IIC,v,I4'4M,0,I4'M,I,tvt M"M"I"i-STOGKAttDFARMNOTES.j Father will stand in front of a barj for two hours and forget that he isstanding up. But if he has to standin a street car for 10 minutes on hisway home he fears that the strain mayti -r , -t ttm i. t I effect his nervous systemHouse Bros., of McWhorter, madethe biggest cattle &eal ever put over1T1 T.011ll nftlinfv itrl-r l--v rl1 OETAhead to J. & A. Deatherage, of Madison, for a sum that nearly reached$10,000.MONEY AT 5 PER CENT.-Mrs. Henry Brown, of near Hutch-j (6-it-)Long-time loans to farmers, at 5 percent, interest. Callf, ' , ,1t11, 17 2 nnin ison. has sold to the ExperimentalUlt!ullJZTated' thG ' .Station, near Lexington, eighty headC1U11UU UClllo "UHARRIS & SPEAKES.Among the tormer Paris people whoattended the funeral services and thecremation were Mrs. Belle Hutchisonand sister, Mrs. Sophia Wornall, andMiss Emma Kenned'.Ma. McLain was the son ofJesse and Mrs. Sallie McLain, whowill be remembered by the older generation of Paris people.WILSON.John Wilson, Jr.. the three-months-oldson of Mr. and Mrs. JohnWilson, formerly of Paris, died at Hattiesburg, Miss., Tuesday. The childwas born at the Massie Memorial Hospital in this city, while itj parentswere here on a visit.The old-fashioned young mother whoused to stay home and nurse the babynow has a daughter who buys thebaby's food at the drug store andwears a waist that buttons in theback.of hogs, ranging from 100 to 130 lbs,each, at a private price.James E. Kern bought recentlythree horses in Bourbon at prices thataveraged about $110 each: One blackmare from S. L. Burbridge, one blackmare from Ben Woods, and a sorrelhorse from Oder Bros.Robt. Meteer, of Bourbon, . hasbought from George fDorsey, of Hutchison, three Duroc shoats, weighing 60to 110 pounds each, at eight cents perpound.CHICKENS FOR SALE.150 the finest chickens in Parisall fine breeds, for sale. Call on oraddress "(27-3t) ' MRS. M. A. PATOX.When you pin youiwoman use a safety pin. 'faith toA few fearswoman's age.go a long way in aRELBOUS.f,,M2I"4,2,0,,i,iiM3MI,,3,"S,,J ,",5",si,,,C"'cTHain Street, East"Lexington, Ky.,siT N ' . .''..i2'An all-day meeting was held insthe parlors of St. Peter's EpiscopalChurch, Tuesday, by the ladies of thecongregation. The time was devotedto sewing and making plans for thework of the winter. The YoungLadies' Circle was reorganized, andplans made for their future work. Atnoon a delicious lunch was served.At their next meeting next Tuesdaythe ladies will pack a box to be shipped to St. John's Academy, at "Corbin.The meeting of the Women's Missionary Society of the Methodistchurch Tuesday afternoon was a verytlelightful one." The President, Mrs.Henry Power, presided. The procram, which was one of unusual intpr-est, was in charge of Mrs. S .T. Chip-ley. rue principal siiDject, me (Jonouest of the Cross of Darkness," wasdivided into two parts, home and foreign. About thirty-five members werepresent, including six new members.A social hour was enjoyed after tlfeconclusion of the exercises, duringwhich chocolate and wafers wereserved. 'Services will be held in theHutchison Chapel at 'Hutchison eachevening at 7:30 o'clock. The pastor.LIFE INSURANCE CO.Strongest Company.Lowest Net Rate.I Miss Kete AlexanderI AGENTNotice.Your fodder in the loft, corn in thecrib no trouble to you. Call,SIDNEY G-. CLAY.(G-2t) E. Tenn. Phone 726.For Rent,Cottage on Vine Street, Applv toJOHN T. HIXTOX.(.Nov. 3-tf)I ALSO SOLICIT&1 ' GAS!HEATERS!J'-Rew. J. J. Dickey, will be assisted byZj?A Rev. Xingalite! of Michiea,n.AH amH " invited to attend" these services. "3Fire, Windt 1 A - ..and Automobile f PRICESInsurance $4.00 to $25.00INSTALLED.Satisfaction Guaranteed.Patii6a$ $ electric go.;and will greatly appreciateyour consideration. .MISS KATE ALEXANDER.f--St 1 1 1 ti ii 1 1 1 1 1 in 1 1 1 n i n(Incorporated).iyX..nJA-i -V4A V;?. S:m -c.THE BOURBON NEWS; PaKIS, KENTUCKY,; NOVEMBER; 6, .191$o -'u- - . ns j sets.f jRlaffl. ennui Aim nrnonwi',rtsgk ouu hl hiu rrnnuRHL.'1xFm'jmrz&(HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEReaders of the BourbonNews will confer a favor ifthey will call No. 124, bothphones, and telephone us anyitems of news they may learn,particularly the -coming andgoing of visitors. If youhave guests, show them thecourtesy of giving their namesto our paper.COUNTY TAX DUEThe county tax listsarc now ready. Paylvour taxes before De- 'ccmber 1, and save-Jthe six per cent, pen- Jally that well attach ion ail unpaid taxes , .on that date. 'W. F. TALBOTT, I, ."Iis? bel Arnold s a guest ofc, .cc c t . friends m Cincinnati.auemi uuuruuu v,uuniy. W. H. Whaley, Jr., sold a milkcow to James II. Haggard, at S4G.Mrs. W. E. Simms is improvingillness of severalreside. Mr. Wyatt is connected withthe Louisville &Nashville, with headquarters in Paris. 'Mrs. A. W. Young is a guest ofher daughter, Mrs. Hughes Harp, inVersailles.iii. aim ivira. winiam Howard,.jJr., have returned to their home inj Nepton, Ky., after a. visit to friendsJand relatives in this city,j Mr. L. N. Dunn, of Charlotte, N.., international Secretary of theoung Mens' Christian Association,accompanied by Mr. Stanley Harris,Boys' Secretary for Kentucky, was aMr. Dunn's principal work is the promotion of Y. M. C. A. work amongthe boys of the South. He made anaddress to the pupils of the Paris HighSchool in the High School auditoriumWednesday morning.UNIQUE DISPLAY.i iHUNTING COATS.Duxback Hunting Suits,f -'!?D 111j alter a seriousall j weei:sMETHODIST CHURCH PROGRAM:J. W. DAVIS & CO.Miss Emma Fisher, of Cynthiana, i Sunday Nov. 8Calendar M. E. Church, South, forAPPOINTED GUARIAN.lis a guest of friencs and relatives inj this city.Miss ATarersuW T.onil-inn ic? UnatnccD -w Mvuiuuu AiJ 1LUOICOOSunday School 9:30 a. m.Rev. J. S. Sims, pastor, will occupyhis pulpit at 10:45 a. m. and 7 p. m.A beautiful ahd unique display ofhand-made laces and embroideries willbe shown in the Masonic Club Roomto-morrow (Saturday) by Mrs. Bagdasian, of Constantinople.The beautiful laces that will beshow by Mrs. Bagdasian are the handiwork of 150 American girls whobelong to a Christian Mission nearConstantinople.All of the proceeds Mrs. Bas-( dasian receives from the sale of lacesand embroideries will go to realcharity, to help relieve the suffering and intolerable conditions thatare imposed upon these AerminianChristian girls under the rule ofTurkey.Every lady in Bourbpn county is requested to visit this beautiful display,and procure a piece of this matchlesswork."Through the kindness and sympathyof Judge McMillan and his fellow Masons, the Masonic Club room has beentendered Mrs. Bagdasian for' tomorrow.LexingtonMrs. Max Munich has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. MorrisBaker, in Winchester.Mr. W. Jay Ranson will leave to-morrow for a visit to his cousin, Mr.j Jiimes ingeis, in unicago.j Mr. and Mrs. Frank White, of near: this city, were guests of friends inMr. W. W. Mitchell, who was re-! Cincinnati several days this week,r-ntly appointed as guardian of Matt ' Irs- W. W. Hinton is hostess toallie Lair, and Mrs. Sophia Lucas, , Mss Lucmda Sheridan, ot St. Joseph,The Bourbon Bank &. Trust Conijuy has been appointed guardian of.uisor Letton, Jr., infant son of thele Mr. Winsor Letton, Sr. The'.rii-t Co. qualified in $3,000, withc ;: surety.GUARDIAN QUALIFIES.to her little niece, Miss Mary Dodd, of : At b.oth services all persons who haveapplied for membership or those whodesire to take membership, will bereceived as members.Those persons who desire ernmersion as their mode of baptism, willmeet at the Baptist Church on Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock.Mhe Epworth League devotionalmeetings will be held at 6:15 p. m.A WORTHY OBJECT.i.jalified in 3,000 bond, with W.l-.akemore as surety.B. P. O. E.i MEETING.r. i Bio., at her home on Cypress street.AN INVITATION.You are invited to call and inspectour line of gas heaters, which havejust been received. Better attend tothis now, before another, cold spellcatches you unprepared.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.FAR FROM THE OLD HOME.R. T. Murray, of this county, whohas been on a visit to relatives athis old home in Mt. Olivet, informsthe Mt. Olivet Democrat that one ofThe attention of our readers is call-i iui-5. aieeie iviarsn win entertain ; eu to tue article in tins issue relativef with a six-hand euchre party at noon ' to the colored annex to the MassieJ to morrow at her home near this city. Memorial Hospital. The article, resident of Bourbon County, is now inj Mr. and Mrs. Ritehard Welling which was written by Rev. J. B. Red- Sibaria, having gone there from Can-Pjxis Lodire No. 373. B. P. O. E.. ! nave returned from a visit toMr. and mond, formerly pastor of the colored I ada, where he had been enlaced in4.ill hold its regular meeting in the Irs- Henry Huerkamp, in Cynthiana. j Methodist Church in this city, is an j the harvest season, and that anotherijJse rooms in the Sourbon Bank & R- A. Mitchell, of near Paris, has able presentation of the urgent need i brother, Turner Murray,, was in theTrust Co.'s building, corner of Main . Bought a weanling mule from Frank . for an annex for colored people, and: nd Fifth streets, next Tuesday night, , Burley, of Bourbon, at a private price. , is worthy of tbserious consideration? Member .17. ! Ir- and Mrs. Ever,et Clarke hape j of all the people of Paris.' as guests at their -..ome en llizkThe Clarke's Remedies,We 'now own all the patents an d copyrights of the late Dr.Chas. J. Clarke. Dr. TJpington will continue to put up these reliable remedies under the original Clarke formula, and we willhave them in stock at all times.Among the best known are Clarke's Nerve Ease, Clarke's Tonic, Clarke's Face Powder, Parisine Cream, Clarke's Tooth Wash,and Clarke's Cough Medicine.Also the following Poultry and Live Stock Remedies: Clarke'sLimberneck and Roup Remedy', Clarke's Liquid Poultry Tonic,Clarke's Gape Remedy, Condition Powder for Stock, and Clarke'sHog Remedy.We want to supply these preparations to their many old friendsand know they are deserving of new friends. We recommendespecially Clarke's Nerve Ease for headache, and neuralgia, andClarke's Limberneck and Roup Remedy for Poultry disorders.These preparations have all been thoroughly tested and haveproven their merit.Your prescriptions accurately filled.The Ardery Drug Co.Clarke's Old Stand.frfrXfrfrfrfrfr'ftfrfra5fr,frhis brothers, who was also a former j .TO ADMINISTER ESTATE.ctrset Mrs. Franklin, of Winchester.Mr. J. W. Bacon is visiting inCOUNTRY SORGHUM,service of the United States in China.He had not heard from either one ofthe brothers for some tiire, but p.'s-j sumed that both were stiil alive andwell.Pure countryever.Mr. T. L. Marshall, of Millersburg, ' Tazewell, Va. Mrs. Bacon and Miss1 as been appointed administrator of ! Clara Bacon will leave to-day to joint le estate of the late Mrs. Sarah J. "Marshall, of near Millersburg. Mr. j Miss Edith Wright has as her at- (it)bis brother, Mr. C. M. Marshall, as su-i tractive guests Misses Juna ironic, Qt ,rptv 'Covington, and Dorothy Ford, of DPH-1 Ville. ncvivML dcnvioco mii TJc.e Pru.-irto "OlJnc? loc rafnvnod ! THE CHRISTIAN CHURCHVA.A-AJ-? fKJL .1111 VUlilllO Udk? X VbUl AVll 'sorghum the bestC. P. COOK & CO.$r..- -BOX SUPPER.j froin a visit to Mrs. Raymond Spen-There will be a box supper at the j cer, in Hyde Park, near CincinnatiBethlehem School House, Friday ! unio.i.isrht. Nevember 6. Evervbodv is cor-! N. C. Rogers, of Bourbon, has soldii h.j mi ...:ti i. - -4. I nn sifofl fnmilv mnrp wit.h mulfi edit. :IIIH1IV II1V1LHI1. 1 lieiK Will UU ii. UitJLLY i '" o . ....., . -, ...... .. t-i Tin- a.1. t 1 .1,arl contest, a chance on a mule, also ' by side, to W. H. Whaley, Jr., of . w.. ms, is attracting large auuivoting on a basket of fruit. Every j Paris, , at $80. . n ATnn.iav'mVhf .raid Fills Hrfivpr.W -- -.--, fc- -.--,-., ... -... V.. . V.A revival meeting of the most interesting character, which was begun atthe Christian Church last Mondaynight, conducted by the pastor, Eld.tfirl must come and bring a box.-Miss Elizabeth Rule, little daugh-ARM SCALDED.1 1 1 1- 1 Xter of Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Rule, is im- eu a remarKaoiy eloquent sermon onproving after a serious illness of ty-! au ever-interesting subject: "The As-phoid fever i cension Christ." At the close oft,-r ATnrcrnrpf Drumm. n. rpsident ' the services, when the invitation tonurse, has taken rooms with the , accePfc the Gsvel was given, thirty-CHINCHILLA LUSTERS.In all grades from $20 to 35ors blue, gray and brown.J. W. DAVIS & CO.col-TURKEYS.We will begin receiving turkeys for theThanksgiving MarketMonday, Nov. S.Chas. S. Brent & Bro.ThomaSj Woodford& BryanMr. W. F. McCoy, of the L. & Nround house force, was taken to the ' Winnie and Lou Williams, on ! one persons responded, twenty-one byPleasant street. ( ouuaoiuu, miu u. j ilx, , 'Mrs. T. H. Gleason, who has beemlows: . .t- nf !,,. oiofr. at.0 RioimrH ' By Confession Messrs. George Lvalve blowing out on an engine on , 0.Donnell in Cincinnati, has returned ! Speakes, Roy Turner, Hiram Adair, sonable.V.UIUil IlC Wiia clL uin.. "is mjmn.ojo nQme m jg (.Jty. '.JnO. ASIlUrSL, OlbllOp DaiieriUlI, VjMU. j (U-iJt)are not serious. I iT; ao wotor'e' 1,0- TOhimo.i Padeett. E. W. Culbertson, William 1l.ilOO UliU, ..ttxo x,o . l., ' T--11 T ..!.:.. T A.l.lFOR RENTTJassie Memorial lyospital Monday,ruffering from the ecects of a severe j.scalding of the left arm, caused by a jlilt IP1RE, WIND AND LIGHTNINGINSURANCEON TOBACCO AND BARNS.Four-room cottage, on Harmon Av-'enue; furnished or unfurnished; gasfor heating and cooking. Rent rea- !PROMPT SETTLEMENTS.MRS. T. A. VIMONT.1to Savfe College at Lexington, after Flanders, Keller Larkin, James Adriana visit to Mrs. Willie Anderson Harp, Flanders, W. T. O'Neal, Douglais... . -r-r -. , 1 Rnc-o CiHnov T.invillo nnri lTi.p IVTnvovercoats reasonably priced.J. W. DAVIS & CO.-JrrVIl - ... . T . . , Tinea CiHnov T.inviiio nnH lTi.p IVTnv' 01 tne fans Jiome school o, j ., -.-We Will begin rveceiv- Mr. C. P. Anderson and daughter, Columbia, Bertha Dykes and Mrs.:na rifrkV "for the . Miss 'Hallie May Anderson, of Boyd, ' Hattie Dykes.Tr.KiIVlrkftve returned to their home, after a. On Tuesday evening another argeJ hankSglVingiyiorKCC vis.t tQ M aud Mrs Clarence Plum. audience greeted Eld. Ellis, when heiVIOnclay, NOV. 9. . mer on Lilleston avenue. ! preached another eloquent and force-ChaS. S. Brent Sc Bro. The condition of Miss Nettie Oli- ful sermon on "What Think You of thever, one of the trained nurses at the Christ?"An ,T ; t si un,nini vUn hoc' Wfirinpsdav evenins: Eld. Ellis snokeOVERCOAT WtEK AI UUK OlUrit. iUUSSlfcJ .iiuuiiai uuaiiai, "u "" " " ..... , , Aovekcoai wttiuu uu iu critically ill for several weeks, on "The Lost Opportunity," in which JYou will find every good style in remains about the same. , ep acec 'ore uiei a wMr V. J. McKinnev anu lamiiy, ucnu vim uju-iia.ui.u.b . w..ii mi.Mii from Cvnthiana to rows consequent upon the neglect toWaynsboro, Miss., last spring, to re- j take vadantage of present opportunist have returned to Kentucky and ty. His sermon was an especially,... . -r-. ii..- 1 vrAx-ofrnl nne nnil IiaIM Mi p. iinnivnpfl ar, W1U maKe i-aris uiejr nume. ;v.. iUi -"- ; -- --Th- ladies of the Little Rock ' After a twelve-years residence on ' tention of his audience from beginningChristian Church will have a unique Douglas Island, off the coast of Alas-; to ende ,entertainment at the Graded School ka, Mr. Dennis Winn, a former resi-, At the conclusion of the sen icesLuHdSi in Little Rock, on Saturday J dent of Paris, is visiting old friends Tuesday evening eight persons unitedewnin- Here and looking up old familiar 'with the church by confession andr-pr-fvv Snnnpr" Pirst-claQs mus'c I scenes -fourteen by letter and commendation.UlCberoded and the'publfc tac -Mrs. James L. Brown left this Nine of the converts were baptised thedi-llv invited to come morning for Chicago, for a visit to ' same evening.,Il4"y imited l iher brother, Mr. Ernest Morrow, who. At teh conclusion of the servicesLEG BROKEN IN COLLISION, 'for a number of years has been in I Wednesday the following made con-' Ajaska, and who now resides in the fession and were baptized:im 7Xran i,.r t t ' whirl v rtv I Russell Buckner, R. Harp, WalterAn automobile driven by J. i.,Wma Lit. .,!. ,. 1 ?n?o v,h TninWalden rf Winchester collided Mon-. Miss Pearl Dennison nas reuirneu 1 im&u, ihb. - -". -"xx , ....'CRAZY SUPPER."i m. 1.1 i .;a,- r vtnUckvt i ito- nninp in i lane iouiil must nii'"", """"' J.i..I..o. ,Zu All wtiMi both oC near Uisit to her slater, Miss Oil e Di-, dor and C ay A exanabMter; M- rth Middletown on the North I son, who has been senously .11 at her . U II Harp Mrs E Vi , . hut.oH BrrMUd'etown and Mt Sterling pike. , home in th s city for several weeks ot '. ? Jamt"IV',-8 RSoptdTir-'Lrsrh. Harris ,111 return to-Ktlrnoon tl ordinance of bap. anu anki . Kitcme ebcap:u u r,iroa.W(SPvfi' vi;t. to ' tism was administered to Mr. Geo. iipp Jim niik'P. nifisnii es'jaueu nx- . uiunu "um i """xRitchie was removed to hisoe and given medical treatment."THE SAME TO YOU.". . ji n t T-l rr-. ..,.. J -Unfriends and relatives in Chicago. She ; D. ypeaices ana mr. iioy xuiuei m iuCwill be accompanied by Miss Jean ; presence ot a few witnesses.Scudder. who will make lier a visit. At the services last night ElderMr. and Mrs. Daniel Wright, of Ellis' subject was A Call to JudgMassilon, Ohio, who are on their bri- ment," which he handled in ableioi tnnr nrp jriipets of Mr. and Mrs. . manner.Robert Go?rtrin. on Houston avenue.';ir. wrignt. afcrrier resident ofThe song service by the large choir,under the direction of Mr. A. L. Boatright, is an attractive feature of themeeting. Miss Clara Belle O'Neal atthe oraan: Miss Esther Boatright atIn tlie stress and trials of newsi :ver work, efforts to please, sometimes appreciated and oftimes not paris, has been residing in Clepelandihe following comes like a breath iT.a ;iasii0n, O., for some years.jwmi Hoovnn v I t.. a tt Trn11oT oi-irl Tr "R ir1tdttc irv vnr o ..i !, , , A, .i... 4. nn-mn I fna ninnn- ATv Diclcerson and -Mr,x j-nciKj, xv., -.. -, -- IL,aUglllin, CI UllS city, weui, iu uuuigc- wiu Ii., - - . . , j-.Editor Bourbon News, lown Monday night, where the former Robert. Link, Jr., violinists, and JJi."Paris, Ky., . acted as Master and the latter as Harry Mathers and M. O. Biddle, cor-"Dear Sir: "Your kindness in giv-1 Seilior Deacon in" the conferring of the netists, help to jwell the volume oting us the space relative to our re- ( jaster Mason degree on Rev. Menzo j music.vent operators' meeting was very Ainsworth. FoUowing the initia-j CMTIft., . AniFe, -Much annreriated bv mv jdrls and my- i f ;A r v-aMor travp n verv interest- ATTENTION, UAUIto.Keif. v ing and highly appreciated talk to the"We intend to and are building up j memoers 0f the lodge,our service here and when the Paris . congenial party, composed of.. ..--. ..... -. I II -.. .... .-I I. ! - I -.,. .,,. ! .!?5 ,. Mlt i ' i r i i 1 r" Tim a. cRt, m 1 1wmm ,m mimw fymrns in ii i ii . . i. xnmnMmTttwr m ia 'izmvmiiiii sm -i nil i -JM MmmBL&XBiKR' mWaWM lA'TfW.a mhi ri L-d. inn wt.m i n jiiaK ' a mmviiiim s .m -::people know of our efforts, we are;ure of their hearty co-operation."We are glad to please the peopleMr. and Mrs. Walter Bishop, of Winchester; Mr. Charles Lamps and Mr.Molt Kenner, of Cincinnati, ana -Mr.of Paris and Bourbon County, and you ( and Mrs Edwards, of Peru, Ind,. arehave given us a wonderful opportunity ( tue guests 0 Mr. and Mrs. Sweeneyto let them know of our efforts, for . isgrjg at their home near this city,uhich we thank you. I ;tr. j. Quincy Ward, Executive"Sincerely, i gent 0f the State Pish and Game"MISS CLEMMIB LUSBY, I GonimjSsion, has returned to Frank-"Chief operator, ' f rt aftr a Visit to his brother, -Nir,Mr. Ben Downey, demonstrator forthe National Biscuit Company,, willdemonstrate their products at ourstore all day to-morrow. We willhave nice dressed fowls, and freshvegetables.KELLER GROCERY CO.NEW SAUERKRAUT.and Assistants."JUST WHAT YOU WANT.Toy will find just the lumber youed to build your corn cribs, at ourrant.J7-4t) BOURBON LUMBER Co.3te auction-bridge party, Wednesday,at her home near Paris. The guestsrOT. invited for 12 o'clock, and wereserved with an1 elegant luncheon. Thelecorations were red and white car-! nations After luncheon a number ofm,. pon nmvnpv. demonstrator for ' -Tames were enjoyeu, uiei "--ii voHonni Riswif. Comnanv. will 1 ables of enthusiastic playersHeinz's new sauerkraut, 5c lb.... , s. , r 7 'I 'l"l'l Ill H J III,T. Miller ward, rne iai.iei wm gu m-w; --A NTp-n'-York soon to act as one of thejudges at the big horse show held . MANAGER COMPLIMENTEDannually in Madison Square Garden. 1-akio mmwmu rr TTtr. Wnrnn rrtiVO. rs.-n p nnnr,iil. Will. YlJ.l" o- -ATTENTION, LADIES!Thei - -L ;M .- itfAfl I11F fl'llCCdPKonstrate their products at our -rfees, twm uaiu - "---tc-e all day -to-morrow. We will Rachel Wiggins, aim u-ouuj a,have nice jrLed fowls, and fresh of cards, was won bz Swangor f ,UT. llflll Itil-O. i. " iwjvu ..w. . .vegetables.KBLLER GROgBRY CO. I returned to Paris from CynthnatoIn a circular letter issued by Superintendent Daviet, of the Postal Telegraph Campany, from Louisville, hehighly compliments the Postal's managers at Charleston, West Virginia,Owensboro and Paris, Ky., upon theiroffices showing the greatest percentage of increased business in their respective classes for September, andespecially congratulates Manager Jno.McDermott. of the Paris office op theshowing made byjhis office under, ex-1isting conumons. t ,seQThereforeThat which you buy should be worth buying. We useevery endeavor to keep a stock of theVery Best- Furniture, Rugs,'Wall Papersand. will be much pleased to have YOU come and investigate. We handle nothing second hand.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance-Wood MantelsMcDougal Kitchen Cabinets: roster Bros. Safety Cribs.,"Vsi:---'?tttNVt-it .-.--,-- . L -i -r-'- K' vfi-t',' THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 6,. 1914 -i-'- vnHEAD AND NOSTRILSSTUFFED FROM COLD'Pape's Cold Compound" ends A Coldor Gripe in a Few Hours.Your cold will break and all grippe.misery -end after taking a dose of"Pape's Cold Compound" every twoJiours until three doses are taken.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages in the head,tops nasty discharge or nose runniHg, relieves sick headache, dullness,fererishness, sore throat, sneezingsore&ess and stiffness.Don't stay stuff ed-up! Quit blowing-and snuffling! Ease your throbbingliead nothing else in the world gives-CHch prompt relief as "Pape's ColdCompound," which costs only 25 cents.at any drug store. It acts withoutassistance, tastes nice, and causes nofheamrenience. Accept no substitute.(dav.)COUTY COURT DAYS.Below is a list of the days CountyCourts are held each month in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawrecetmrg, 3d Monday.Bath. Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, lat Monday.Beyle, Danville, 3d Monday.-J Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Owen, .Qwenton, 4th Monday.,-Peindleton, Falmoucti, 1st Monday.Pswell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Palaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Woodford, Versailles. 4th Monday,Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.tLQT2.rii, Williamstown, 2d. Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Jaasamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayJ lee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, jfnd Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday.Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Monday.A Worried Editor."How do lady acrobats in a circusperform so well and wear corsets atIke same time? Or do they? And if:tkey do not wear 'em, how do they-ppen to look so neat and trim?Atchison Globe.Loss by Forest Fires.Ibrest fires in the United StatesiULTe caused an average annual losso 79 human lives and the destruc--tioaof $25,000,000 worth of timber.Men will often trust their daughters-with men whom they would not trust-vflih a five-dollar bill.'!"! 4 M'fr'M'4"B"frM"fr',ISI1is It Worth Insuring?Certainly 1!!Ask us to give you therates. We give especial attention to all farm business.Try us. Call 36 or 171 day,56 night.W. 0. HINT0N& . SON,THE NEW FIRM.Tin Vnn Vm -ittt X7V Unnllnthe Celebrated1 Detroit Jewellits Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.I SPICER8GILCIISTELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101IW! ATTEITIOI 1l PEOPLE! JYOU'RE BIUIOUS ANDCOSTIVE CASCARETS.To-night! Clean Your Bowels andend Headaches, Colds, Sour StomachGet a 10-cent box now.Furred Tongue, Bad Colds, Indigestion, Sallow Skin and Miserable Headaches come from a torpid liver andclogged bowels, which cause your stomach to become filled with undigestedfood, which sours and ferments likegarbage in a swill barrel. That's thefirst step to untold misery indigestionfoul gases, bad breath, yellow skin,mental fears, everything that is horrible and nauseating A Cascaret tonight will give .your constipatedbowels a thorough cleaning andstraighten you out by morning. Theywork while you sleep a ten cent boxfrom your druggist will kept you feeling good for months. Millions of menand women take a Cascaret now andthen to keep their stomach, liver andbowels regulated, and never know amiserable moment. Don't forget thechildren their little insides need agood, gentle cleansing, too.(dav.)Confidential Chat.Mrs. Brown "I saw Mrs. Jones atthe club yesterday, and we had theloveliest confidential chat together.'Mrs. Smith "I thought so. Shewouldn't speak to me this morning."Judge.One Definition.A mother is always seeking a goocmatch for her daughter yet a goocmatch is merely a cheap stick witla head on one end of it.j i" tSatisfaction Is Dangerous.It's good to be gratified, but dangerous to be satisfied. Sheldon.IT REALLY DOES RE-I LIEVE RHEUMATISM.Everybody who is afflcted withRheumatism in any form should byall means keep a bottle of Sloan'sLiniment on hand. The minute vonfeel pain or soreness in a joint ormuscle, bathe it with Sloan's Liniment. Do not rub it. Sloan's penetrates almost immediately rtfghl tothe seat of pain, relieving the hot,'ender, swollen feeling and makinrthe part easy and comfortable. Get abottle of Sloan's Liniment for 25 centsof any druggist and have it in thehouse against colds, sore and swollenjoints, rheumatism, neuralgia, sciaticaand like ailments. Your money backif not satisfied, but it does give almost instant relief.(Nov.) adv.Attacking School System.Small Boy "Father, what is anequinox?" Fond Parent "What inthe world do you go to school for?Don't you study mythology? An equinox is a mythical animal, halt horsehalf ox. The name is derived from theLatin 'equine,' horse, and 'ox.' Dealme, they teach you absolutely nothing that is useful nowadays!"DESPONDENCY-DUETO INDIGESTION,It is not at all surprising that persons who have indigestion becomediscouraged and despondent. Here area few words of hope and cheer forthem by Mrs. Blanche Bowers, Indiana, 'Pa. "For years my digestionwas so poor that I could only eat thelightest foods. I tried every thingthat I Heard of to get relief, but notuntil about a year ago when I sawChamberlain's Tablets advertised andgot a bottle of them, did I find theright treatment. I soon began toimprove, and since taking a few bottles of Ihem my digestion is fine." Forsale by all dealers.(Nov.) adv.Not Interesting.Some people never seem to realizethat it isn't a matter of great generalinterest, even if true, that they tossaround night after night and neversleep more than two hours out of thetwenty-four.REMARKABLE CURE OF CROUP.DON'T DELAY TREATINGYOUR COUGH.A slight cough often becomes serious, Lungs get congested, BronchialTubes fill with mucous. Your vitalityis reduced. You need Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey.It soothes your irritatedair passages, loosens mucous andmakes your system resist Colds. GivePine-Tar-Honey. It's guaranteed tohelp them. Only 25c. at your Druggist.(Nov.) adv.Africa's Consumption of Cotton.Africa is in third place in the amountof cotton goods consumed. In somesections of Africa 50 per cent of theunbleached cotton trade is with theUnited States and only 10 per centwith England."Last winter when my little boy Tiadcroup I got him a teottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. I honestly believe it saved his life," writes Mrs. J.B. Cook, Indiana, Pa. "It cut thephlegm and relieved his coughingspells. I am most grateful for whatthis remedy has done for him." Forsale by all dealers.(Nov.) adv.Where the Earth Is Thickest.Scientists have figured that theearth is thickest along an imaginaryline drawn from the top of Chimborazo, a mountain in Ecuador, and a pointon the coast of Sumatra, where theland is fairly high.- IMPORTANT.Bear in mind that Chamberlain'sTablets not only move the bowels butimprove the appetite, and strengthenthe disgestion. For sale hy all dealers.(Iov.) adv.LWork With Men in Loading Vessels in Japan.Bring Their Babies With Them, andAlthough Everything Is Done byHand, Great Speed Is Attainedin Loading Ship.Nagasaki, Japan. There is at leastone place in the world where a womanmay earn as much as a man for thesame labor and where the two sexeswork side by side. This is at Nagasaki, Japan. When a liner comes'nto 'port the passengers who havebeen viewing the beautiful harborobserve a fleet of barges laden withcoal which are lying in wait nearthe anchorage, says a writer in theNew York Times. On most of themare twenty to thirty men and women,the latter predominating. -In contrast with the kimono-cladwomen you have seen at Tokyo andYokohama and Kobe, these wear shortskirts with cloth stockings, and theirheads are covered with thin cottoncloth bearing a peculiar Japanese design in blue print. Some of themhave babies with them, and as theship draws near they hastily bindthem on the backs of little girls andboys "and make ready for work.In a trice, it seems, at each of thecoal ports a pyramidal series of platforms is rigged up, the lowest level-beingjust above the deck of the barge.Then on each platform two women,or a man and a woman, take their position, while a lot of men hurry downto the bunkers of the ship to receivethe coa.1 ater It has been passed inQjici stow it away. From the end ofthe platform a double line extends tow here men do nothing but throw a big Jshovelful of coal in a shallow basket,which holds about a peck or a peckand, a half.The basket travels from hand tohand, but part of the effect of gravityIs overcome by the forward motion,for the receptacle does not stop fromthe time it is once in the air until itreaches the ship's side. The emptybasket is dropped with the same swingthat discharges its contents, and anold woman sitting behind- the man onthe top platform does nothing but tossthe baskets to the barge below.Nagasaki has the name of being the"fastest" coal port in the world, thoughthe labor here is all done by hand.An army captain tells of being on thetransport Thomas at Nagasaki inApril, 1912, when she took on 2,600tons in seven and a half hoursTo count the workers who are engaged on the job is difficult. Freshbarges keep coming up all the time,and fresh workers. The Japanese contractor who supplies the coal told melater there were about nine hundredmen and women at work. They fairly swarmed along both' sides of theship. The pay tor this labor is bypiece. Workmen and workwomeneach get one yen, or 50 cents, for aday's work of eight or nine hours..It is bewildering to watch theworkers, tor the baskets come upso steadily it looks as though theymust be moved by machinery. Practice has taught men and women tomake each motion count, and thewhole effect is that of clockwork.FIND SKULL OF BIG BOARTractor Plow Brings Up PrehistoricBones on Spot 500 Feet Ab'oveSea Level.Los Angeles, Cal. That Californiawas at one time the home of almostntnmf Iri ! r nrtlmnl lino rflrtAiiFnfl fnw. ,. , ,, ,. ..uier ijiuul u.v iuc uiatuvciv ui me "skull and other portions ofan im -mense v ild boar in Imperial valley.The skull, with its ten-inch tusks, has 'arrived in Los Angeles.The find was made on the Cali-iornia-Mexico Land and Cattle company's ranch, one of the great tractorplows having brought the skull tothe surface while preparing the groundfor a cotton field. Walter K. Bowker,manager of the ranch, shipped it im-1mediately to -Harry G. Holabird. One1tusk of the great pig lacks just afraction of ten inches in length, while 'the other is broken off at the tip.The spot where the relic was foun'dis 500 feet above the sea. The boneis petrified and weighs 99 pounds. It Jis similar to the prehistoric relic un-'earthed at Carpinteria, which excited Harvard scientists.DEAD WOMAN LIVED AS MANSecret Discovered After Ten Years, iWhen She Goes to Hospital ,'in Florida.Tampa, Fla "Hiram" Calder, Jr.,is dead at Orlando, Fla., of pellagra,Calder, who lived here and In Orlandofor ten years was known as a man, Ibut a few days ago, when "he" was ,taken to a hospital it was discoveredthat "he" really was a woman.Calder came to this city from Nor- jfolk, Va., with a woman supposed tobe "his" wife. She died at Tampa twoyears ago. jCalder had been working since then Jat Orlando in a bakery. For the en- jtire decade Calder exercised therights of franchise at elections, vot-ing at every opportunity. "He" andhis supposed "wife" were people ofrefinement. . ;On her death bed the woman kept .grimly silent aboutjthe secret of herstrange life. There is no clue ast6 relatives or the woman.' right !name. . - ' ' ' IiiASHIPS.-- ..--.'..;....:iAViUf;fflffViJ WhenBuying II Baking .I PowderV For this is theM (baking powder mE .that makes "theJbakiRS' better. ' fIt leavens the p(food ev en 1 y ftthroughout; puffs 5it up to airy light-f ncss, makes it dc-lightfully appetizingand wholesome.Remember CalumetJf is moderate ii. price,highest in quality. mI Ask your grocer for m. Calumet, JDon't take a ft, -fsubstituted ftReceived Highest ftf Awards m-- r Nta- - ftWorld'f Pure Food Exposition,IChicato, Illinois, Paris Exposition, ftFrance. March. 1912.American Fishes.The fishes of America north of theIsthmus of Panama embrace threeclasses, 30 orders, 223 families, 1,113genera. 335 sub-genera, 3,263 speciesand 133 sub-species.Ylang-YIang.Ylans;-"lang, or cananga oil, is derived tiom the flowers of Cananga"iodorata and is regarded as one of the. most delicious odors in the market.i, , . -r.,.-i- ..' IS atso prouueeu. in uie jriiiiiypiuKs.U Be Happy fsrmThousands and thousands o! women, whohave everything that heartcould desire to make themhappy, are miserable onaccount of womanly trouble, if you are of thisnumber, stop worrying,and give Cardui a trial.It has brought health andhappiness to thousands.TAKE!! g m B Uiol Tkn Unman?A Tunlnihg numaiid iviiibAirs. Delphinia Chancewrites from Collins,Miss.: "I suffered terriblyfrom womanly troubles.We had five doctors, butit seemed I could not getany better. I decided totry Cardui. After I beganto take it, I got betterevery day. Now I feel aswell as I ever did." Tryirdui, today. E0TMADEBYTHETRUsLiliUUjjUIlKv .mLr3 C'iI Toa don't tare money waea yon bay cneap or big-caa I ITF"" !I bakiar powder. Don't be misled. Buy Calumet. It's! " I ,TPy iTBI more economical more wholesome jives best results. I ft JM "" ft ftI Calsmet is fsr superior to socr mills and soda. I m mInrci8ft(-jns d-66 ID IL Wo a iTmwTrmmiV ) '''BBinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnWMISSED! The 2;30Z -What else has he missedAN OPPORTUNITY!C. Perhaps he didn't know the train time, his watch was wrono..L If lie had had a phone he could have learned the train schedule; hecould have learned the correct time. .C And in nine cases out of ten he could have telephoned and saved.hours of time and. not missed that opportunity.C The telephone in your house brings order into your lifeFind out about our service todayCbe Paris Rome Cekpbone and CeUgrapb Co(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.aurAREComplete.KIRSCHBAUM GUARANTEEDCLOTHES$15.00 and $20.00Other Values $10.00 fand $12.50.Shoes $2.50 to $5.00. Full Line ofBoys' Clothing. Give .Us a CallClothing and Shoe Department.L. WOLLSTEIIN, Prop.mlMiv i ff,n. m m yn mfar wav- T- NXV,:MSMHUIWW W3 1 l.qKSUttflK"BrftnTV Tfci 11117 'V J ? 1"""JL VKINDLY CALL ATTwin Bros. Depaiff Qf Sioro,Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, KyHandsome R e s i -denceFor Sale.My residence on Mt. Airy is forsale. One of the most modern homesin Paris. Every convenience. Proa-1pective buyers re invited to inspect.the building, and premises.(28jly-txf) .v .- ,MKS. M; A. PATON: ,,n,,Jall J&inesNOWFallAnnouncement All the LatestFall Styles inDfe$$ Goods,Dry Goods,millinery, etc.We. Can Please YouBargain Prices.Expert CarriagePainterJ .rur. jcercy Hahn, the expert Car-Jriage Painter, who has been employ-1 ed by Holiday & Sttle, and also their-successor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for the-' past 8 yers, has opened a shop at the-corner of Fouth and High Streets, andsolicits the natronasre of those need.Hng; anything' in his line. sI ..Botk Phones 583. - IBrosc ;t "o.v v ;? . s-"-r5"?li4 1V -, IoJbL Aiyirtilifflrr" r -wwmtmBPTy3-kKentuckians Swifil Relieved df :Stomach His ftp fflapr Remedyrst Dose of Wonderful TreatmentShows Results After Yearsof Suffering.M."..y Kentuckians have found swiftr?!.cf from disorders of the stomachuC ntestinal tract by the use ofMayrs Wonderful Stomach Remedy.T. e first dose gives results. It isL3t"r. long treatment..cre ares tatements taken from theletters o two Kentucky people whoare used the remedy;V". H. CLARKE, Central Cicy."Ti-f medicine has done my wife av.or.d of good and she has been suffering'with stomach trouble for years."JRS. BELLE HAWKINS, Eminence, Ky. "I have taken all of theibeIcine. I don't think I need anynQV as i think I am well. I neverfelt 'letter in my life."" -. m all over the country comethousands of just such letters. Thiswonderful remedy shows results,safely, and with the first dose.Mayr's Wonderful Stomach. Remedyclears the digestive tract of mucoid! accretions and removes poisonousmatter. It brings swift relief to sufferers from ailments of the stomach,liver and bowels. Many declare it hassaved them from dangerous operations and many are sure it has savedtheir lives.We want all people who havechronic stomach trouble or constipation, no matter of how long standing, to try one dose of Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy one dosewill convince you. This is the medicine so many of our people havebeen taking with surprising results.The most thorough system cleanserever' sold. Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy is now sold here by G.S. Varden & Son and druggists every w here.falin1g hairMEANSDANDUFF IS ACTIVE.the Coin"521 SHOtPOLISH0RlRl4JTV"BOi9999sm9m99mmmmmm9m9999999mm9999i999999999frggoewwftIs Time For You to Think 1AboutHEATINGSTOVESWe Have Every Kind of Heating andJCookingStove Made!THE RADIANT HOME best heater inthe'world.THE CELEBRATED WILSON GASHEATER, jTHEO. K. LINE OP COOKING STOVES.Theyhaveno;equal.In fact everything from the smallest tothe" largest. See our line and get ourPrices..:rC JLowry & Talbott.4rjci a 'iv? "SUW'w6c9TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCTOBER 18, 1914.m.m.m.in.TRAINS AR RIVE FROM"o.1 A Lexington, Ky Daily Ex. Sunday 5: 23 a. ni.. 4 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5:30 a. m.y Oyntliiana, Ky, Daily Ex. Sunday 7: 35 a. in." M'aysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:38 a. m.14 Rowland, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday -. 7: 36 a. m.4f Lexington. Ky.. Daily Ex. Sunday 7:40 a. m.'," Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 9:40 a.U Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:10 a.r Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 10:15 a.5 Lexington. Kv.. Daily Ex. Sunday 12: 00Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 3:15 p. m.VS Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:26 p. m.: Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:28 p. m." Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 5:45 p. m.'. Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily Ex. Sunday 5:35 p. ra.Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6:18 p. m..2 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:30 p. m.U Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:35 p. m.V. Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily.: 10:40 p. ra.TRAINS DEPART FORA Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily J a- m-Vj Cvnthiana, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6:0 a. m.V Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday. . .. 7:45 a. m.4 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily Ex. Sunday 7:45 a. m.7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday :47 a. m.137 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 9:43 a. m.:.? Tcrwiriiio Tnn Tiailv y:4b a. m.lJi Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.18 a. m.r Jacksonville, Fla., Daily..... a- m-e Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 12. 0o p. m."- t ..r t -rr... Tko?iir TT'-v' Snnrlav o.oU p. m.j ueAiugiuu, rvy ., ia.nj . -Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily J-JJ P.9 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday ..... 6:00 pu T?Tirion Ttr Tini'iv F,v. Sunday b.vt pr - - K"K.Save-Your Hair!1 Get a 25 cent Bottleof Danderine Right Kfow.Thin, brittle, colorless and scraggyhair is mute evidence of a neglectedscalp; of danduff that awful scurf.There is nothing so destructive tothe hair as dandruff. It robs the hairof its lustre, its strength and its verylife; eventually producing a feferishness itching of the scalp, which ifnot remedied causes the hair rootsto shrink, loosen and die then thehair falls out fast. A little Danderinetonight now anytime w ill surelysave your hair.Get a 25 cent bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine from any drug store ortoilet counter, and after the first application your hair will take on thatlite, lustre and luxuriance which is sobeautiful. It will became wavy andfluffy and -liafe the appearance ,ofabundance; an incomparable gloss andsoftness, but what will please youmost will be after just a' few weeks'use, when you will actually see a lotof fine, downy hair new hair growing all ofer the scalpe.(dav.)Paragon of Wives."Does your wife write you continually for coin?" "No; she's an excellent bridge player. Bless her littleheart, she sent me $10 this month onthe rent money."Artistic."JThere!" said Mr. Nagg, after a labored explanation of why he hadstayed out so late; "I hope this is satisfactory." "It is more than satisfactory," Mrs. Nagg told him, "it is simply beautiful."jtflVES.tfa TO' PLAYGROUND"Work Originated by Employee WillBe Explained by Charles M., . Schwab.South Bethlehem, Pa. From a verysmall beginning on the part of LeonFlickinger, an employee of the Bethlehem Steel company, to provide a placewhere children of his immediateneighborhood might have a place toplay, has grown a big scheme fatheredby Charles M. Schwab, the workingout of which will mean a large publicphiyground, mainly for children of employees of his plant.Early last spring Mr. Flickinger received permission to utilize a smallplot of the steel company's groundand further permission to use anypiping he wanted and could find on theBethlehem Steel company scrap heapWith this piping Mr. Flickingerpieced together horizontal bars, thesuperstructure for a brace of swings,flying rings, seesaws, a Maypole andsliding board and constructed a fountain basin and sand box.Recently Mr. Schwab chanced topass by and was so pleased with thescheme that he immediately decidedto elaborate on it. In order to obtaina larger space Mr. Schwab sold several of his houses in the icimty, retaining one which he will have remodeled as a boys' clubhouse. Concrete walks are to be laid around thenewly enlarged grounds and moie apparatus added.Their Two Main Objects.Most men seem to have two objectsin life: one is to become rich, andthe other is to become richer.BEWARE OF OINTMENTS FOR CATARRH THAT CONTAIN MERCURYas mercury will surely destroy thesense of smell and completely derangethe whole system when entering itthrough the mucous surfaces. Sucharticles should never be used excepton prescriptions from reputable physicians, as the damage they will do isten fold to the good you can possiblyderive from them. Hall's CatarrhCure, manufactured by F. J. Cheney &Co., Toledo, O., contains no mercury,and it fs taken iteinallyij (actingdirectly upon the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system. If buyingHall's Catarrh Cure be sure you getthe genuine. It is taken internallyand made in Toledo, Ohio, by F. J.Cheney & Co. Testimonials free.Sold by Druggists. Price 75c perbottle.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (Nov.) adv.The Wiser Way."Some thinks it's good policy totake de bull by de ho'ns, but we'nyo' does dat it's well ter have somebody twistin' his tail, so's de bullkin sorter divide his attention." Atlanta Constitution.BEST COUGH MEDICINEFOR CHILDREN."Three years ago when I was livingin Pittsburgh one of my children hada hard cold and coughed" dreadfully.Upon the advice of a druggist I purchased a bottle of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy and it benefited him atonce. I find it the best cough medicine for children because it is pleasant to take. They do not object totaking it," writes Mrs. Lafayette Tuck,Homer City, Pa. This remedy contains no opium or other narcotic, andmay be given to a child as confidentlyas to an adult. Sold by all dealers.(Nov.) adv.Sexton in Hard Luck.One of the healthiest localities inAustralia, it is estimated is Lithgow,New South Wales, and this has beenconfirmed by the action ot the localsexton, who has complained to thecemetery trustees that, owing to thefew deaths, he is unable to make aliving He applied for increased salary, stating that since he took overthe position he has only averaged $5per week, and could not live on that.The trustees refused the request.TRY THIS FOR YOUR COUGH.Thousands of people keep coughingbecause unable to get the right remedy. Coughs are caused by Inflammation of Throat and Bronchial Tubes.What you need is to soothe this Inflammation. Tako r. King's NewDiscovery, it penetrates the delicatemucous lining, raises the Phlegm andquickly relieves the congested membranes. Get a 50c. bottle from yourdruggist. "Dr. King's New Discoveryquickly and completely stopped mycough" writes J. R. Watts, Floydale,Texas. Money back if not satisfied,but it nearly always helps.(Nov.) adv." .' r;-ii;i-iir.f ; mn'n "Hnilv. u.o" Lexington, Ky., Daily ;Mavsviile, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday b.rfu"1 Lexington, Ky., Daily J": J''1 tlanta, Ga., Daily .y.-: iU5 p.m.m.m.m.m.m.m.m.'B'dbc tciie;TRAINS ARRIVE FROMNeeded Explanation.In an English police court an officerwas giving evidence against a womanaccused of robbing a pawnbroker, andassured the magistrate that, on histelling the prisoner the charge onwhich he had taken her, she "turnedfrom him and swallowed a bed-tick,a pair of corsets, two brass candlesticks, a smoothing-iron, and a bellows!" "Nonsense! Have you lostyour senses?" said the magistrate."Your worship, 'tis the tickets forthem, I mean, she swallowed."AN ACTIVE LIVER MEANS HEALTH2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily 'Ex.i Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex.Sunday 7:38 a.Sunday o: 50 p.TRAINS DEPART FOR1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday. . . : ? . . . v 9-3 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday f y. t.-o p.If you want good health, a clearcomplexion and freedom from Dizzi-m' ness, Constipation, Biliousness, Head' J 'iches and Indigestion, take Dr. Kine'si New Life Pills. They drive out fermenting and undigested foods, clearm the Blood and cure Constipation. Onlyz&c. ax your aruggisi.(Nov.)1X1.NEW SOCIETY BUD AT CAPITALMiss Elizabeth Harding Will SpendHer First Season in Washington This Winter.Washington Miss Elizabeth Harding is the oldest daughter, of W. P. G.Harding, the Alabama member of theFederal Reserve board Miss Hard-jMm'fs y r f y t ti ' ' 'M. V O . fMiss Elizabeth Harding.ing with her two younger sisters hasrecently arrived in Washington andwill go into society this winter.OPEN WAR ON ANTIQUE FAKERLondon Authorities Move to ProtectAmerican Purchasers FromSham Articles.London For the benefit of Amencans and others who desire to buy antiques dining their visits to London,the authorities of the city of Londonrecently established a department atthe Guildhall, where purchasers mayascertain Ahether they have boughtgenuine or sham articles.A case of sham antiques has beencollected and the intending purchaserafter a visit to it should be able tojudge whether articles offered to himare real or otherwise, while thosewho buy before visiting the Guildhallcan soon learn whether their objectsof art are worth the money they havepaid for them.Articles in lead and brass appear tooccupy the special attention of theantique faker, who is today somethingmore than a highly skilled craftsman,his bogus productions being in manycases highly artistic.KILLED WRITING TO MOTHERadv.Victim of Train Had Just Penned, "IAm Not Working Now, " WhenEngine Struck Him.'APortland, Ore. Falling, asleep whilesitting on the railroad track, writinga card to his mother, a -young man, believed to be George ET Whitcomb of40 North Seventy-second street, waskilled instantly when struck by O.-W.R. & N.' westbound train No. 90. Thetrain had just rounded a ourve nearTaylor, 25 miles east of Portland, andthe engineer did not see the man onthe track until the engine was almostupon him.A Postal card picture of himself wasin the young man's hand, and it bearsthe name of George E. Whitcomb. Hehad evidently just begun to write"Dear Mother," the writing reads, "Iam not working now. I am makinga"The body was turned over -to thacoroner by trainmen. z-Zi ll. - 1 . M.!M.-.- -, --!ub rni ranai riT iir ruir ir iawi"iwaa asewer if clogged up. All life consists of building up &n4 Uiimr.down and just in the same manner that the blood carrie to 53.various parts of the body the food that the cells need for buildHCup, so it is compelled to carry away the waste material that's for.down. These waste materials are poisonous and destroy us unfesthe liver and kidneys are stimulated into refreshed and vigorous Jiffc.DR. PIERCE'S Golden Medical Discoveryis the balancing power a vitalizing power. It acts on the stomachand organs of digestion and nutrition on the parifying filters whichclean the blood. Thus fresh vitalized blood feeds the nerves, heartand brain. This well known alterative relieves catarrh of the stomack aadHeadaches accompanying same, and has been successful for more than a ra.cratjqn as a tonic and body-builder. . It builds up the rundown system. Yneed it lfyou are always "catching cold" or have catarrh of the nose aad1 ,-t,l?i,actlve medicinal principles of Amencan-Native-roots &rviiuuieu wnnout aiconoi and you can obtain thi3tonic in liquid or tablet form at any drug store orsend 5u cents in 1-cent stamps for trial box of tablets.&n7one.cenr tammtopay cost of mailing an Ja3?1? ir ? e 12Z,af3hm Common 5ene Medical2?S"er' hs0' J?:V.Pl"'c' ' bound, lOOO"UUf" MiYALau' nvitzi, Baffmlo,N.Y.page.I SPECIALS jFOR THIS WEEK I$1.00 II14 pounds Granulated Sugar(With a $2.00 Purchase.) ,Taney Northern Potatoes, per peck....... 20cPreserving Pears, per peck 25cGood Cooking Apples, per peck 20cPure Cider Vinegar, per gallon 30cTry some of our Coffee at 15, 20 and 25c lbAlaska Pink Salmon 2 cans for 25cThe besf Red Salmon 2 cans for 35cNew Dried Peaches per lb., 8, 10c, 12cNavy Beans, per pound 7cBroken Rice, per pound .t;"Don't sit and worry, but compare r?your lastmonth's bill with these prices and be convinced thai"it will save you money to pay cash.T. c. lenihanILash urocer. Both Phones 234fcBOUR BANK CAN HELP TfPRUDENT MAN TO KEEP N5ACCOUNTS STRAIGHT&O mi t&tlin ..If you will open a bank account with us we will show'you how to keep your accounts straight. Every check yow.write will be a LEGAL REGEIPT.And we shall always, free of charge, cheerfully advisewith you about money matters.We shall be glad to keep you from LOSING MONEYso will you. , -Make OUR bank YOUR bank-We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANK' CAPITAL $150,000.00SURPLUS 20,000.00STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY. . .. 150,000.00Protection to Depositors .. .$350,000 J3. E. BEDFORD, President. C K. THOMAS, Cashfer -When a man goea nome with a longblond hair on his vest, his wife neverstops to figure that there is such ananimal as Reasonable Doubt.Every time I see a male thing withi touch of rogue on his cheek bonest am willing to bet that he sits on the1oor to put on his shoes.One reason why we all pity a deafman is because "w& all like to hijarjurselves talk.The fellow who never overlooks a2hance to set another man's wife between him anl the sun is the same lad jSuffering From the Remedy.Traveler (to disconsolate fellow t&fager, at steamship's rail) "My ctoaxrold fellow! What's the matter? Tkm -sea'slike a duck-pond!" "I know, oWboy but I've taken six differentremedies." Punch.Dally Optimistic Thought.The light was given for alLwho gets mad when he finds that the I There are lost or lawyers wo aother men are trying "to .get his wife home late and have the law-laidi ftowm.between them and tiie sun.to them.1 1K -i. -r- " Hi.Jv vi "'VfvAV5v:- uf . . .....,.... . . - " y r ' A ' . - .-- -r . .. ? .'r imS"2 t- V'v'-tr;a -. A ' 2z&.' -jfy ,'Z - V S3tVjiC .., v, v' 9jMF ;vt- ' . e . - . --,(-' : : V -- , 1 BOURBON NEWS, IMP-. 1. i i ' 1- ' .'- " - .. .'J.", " iiruiA' ap mi i rnnniliiA A MERITED PROMOTION.. , Vf-n-w; nt Mil i i-uuhiui: iiiTniiiniiui71 L flU Ul IfllLLLIlUUUIIUi Mr. and "Mrs. Douglas TJiomas, Jr., mill rilmtllilHlMrs. Jessie Wilson is not so wellMrs. Rhoda Conway is visiting rel.atives in Cynthiana.Mrs. G. W. Juiiy left Wednesdayfor a visit to relatives at Lexington.Messrs. W. R. Barnes and C. N..jJohnson continue very much the same.Mrs. Ralph Bonar, of Falmouth, is,ai the bedside of her sister, Mrs. Jes-sie Wilson.Mr. Burns Clifford, of Nepton, wasthe guest of his niece, Mrs. A. T.MoSett, Saturday and Sunday.Mr. L .E. Sweatman, of Ewing,yTiXS tlie guest of his sister, Mrs. D. M. iHurst, Saturday and Sunday."1 The Ladieo' Aid Society of thei Chzistian Church met with ilrs. T. D.Judy, Wednesday afternoon.Miss Stella Hurst left Monday foran extended visit to friends and relatives at St .Louis, Mo., and variouspoints in Kansas.rJCrs. William Letton, of Atlanta,Ga., is at the homo oZ her mother-in-law,Mrs. Jennie Letton. Mr. Letton,who is in poor health, arrived somedays in advance of her.Mrs. A. S. Best and little daughter, Sarah Miller, have returned after.several weeks; visit to the former'smother, Mrs. John Hunter, at Pittsburg, Penn.Mrs. A. S. Miller, Mr. and Mrs.Letton Vimont were guests of Mr. andMrs. L. T. Dairne, at Eminence, fromTuesday until Thursday, making thetrip in Mr. Vimont's motor car.Mr. E. M. Neal. of the ConfederateHome, at Pewee Valley, arrived Monday as the guest of friends and rela-- tivec here. Mr. Neal is a welcomevisitor and everybody is giving him aglad hand. He is looking well andtoPs many interesting events of the.life' at the home.The remains of Mr. Ximrod Woodwere .interred in the Millersburg ceni-etry Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Wooddied at his home near Carlisle, Sun-. day. He was a brother of Mr. Nich-v ola rWood, and formerly resided in. the Millersburg neighborhood. He issurvived by several children.No business of importance wastransacted at the Council meeting- Wednesday night. The Electric Light-Committee was ordered to correspondwitba number of elemtric light firmsin regard to furnishing meters for thelighting system and doing away withthe fiat rate system. Dr. W. M. Miller and Councilman W. A. Butler wereappointed a committee to draft resolutions of respect to the memory of thelate Councilman J. J. Peed, a formermember of the Council.ATTENTION, LADIES.T3r. Ben Lowney, demonstrator forthe National Biscuit Company, will-demonstrate their products at ourstore all day to-morrow. We willhave nice dressed fowls, and freshvegetables.KELLER GROCERY CO.Ji woman has the curves and shecsa get away with it, but no man-ever looked as classy in a union suitas the cuts in the ads pretend he does.A loser always gets the worst of it.A father never whips his son for fighting if his son won the fight.I Ow SAVE mONEY! 7 H it . .i. - - . . ., ' .:j?",4bw tssH Iklr i- A x - K9 t w tc? -l r t m w-a a d-ity-. f W jBlB Kl I14 j(ftLrJ DAM COHEN'S Jm :.MOVER - Paris9 Greatest Shoe Store , Jp & WALK 'For VaSejc and Sy2e Assortment. fBvYLKReady cash, greai distributing power and commercial alertness combined with our system of Less Profitsand More Volume of Business shows plainly why the best dressers of Paris and vicinity make our store theirHeadquarters For Men's, Women's and Children's Footwear.Visit our store and be convinced of these facts. X'-Just A Few Of Tsie fVlany Values and Styles:Ladies' Patent Colt or Gun Metal Calf,cloth top, Louis heel, of quality and stylewhich you willnndour priceLadies' Patent Kid, cloth oi mat. top,best quality and workmanship, $4.00 values at.Ladies' Gun Metal or Patent Kid, clothtop ,all styles, custom made, atLadies' Gun Metal and Patent, low ormedium heel, gun metal and lace, 3.00values atLadies' Kid and Gun Metal, $2. CO valuesatThe largest assortment of Boys', Misses' and Children' Shoes at all prices.Rubbers of All Descriptions at Lowest Prices.Men's Special Brownstone Work Shoe, with Anti-Leak Cork Welt, atOurPlace Only.3Di ft vvnere B".Xi vMr. and "'Mrs. Douglas TJiomas, Jr.,will shortly move to Lexington to reside, where Mr. Thomas will take aclerkship in the office of the Supervisor of Bridges of the Lexington &Eastern division of the Louisville &i Nashville Hailroad. Mr. Thomas hasfrtT. COTOr, anr hPAn a. p.lfirk in theJ executive department of the Roadmas-uQ0 nmra f tim T.miieviiiP & Nnsli-ter's office of the Louisville & rviasnville, with headquarters in Paris, andhas proven a most capable and efficient assistant. The appointment ofMr. Thomas o the position in theLexington office comes in in the nature of a promotion and a most deserved one. Mr. Thomas' will be succeeded here by Mr. Y. H. Harrison,who will be transferred from theconstruction department of the Louisville & Nashville a: Winchester.Mr. Thomas' many friends here regret his departure from "our midst,"but congratulate him on his promotion, and hope that he may yet attain a higher station in the employ ofthe Louisville & Nashville. It is safeto say that when the fishing andcamping season for the ChippewaClub in the spring "Doug" will respond "Here," when the roll is called.PARIS GRAND OPERA HOUSE,FRIDAY NOV. 6th. TO-NIGHT.The General Film Company presentsMelies Photoplay masterpiece, "NeathThe Lions Paw" in three parts. MissFrances Dagmar, who is probably thegreatest woman with wild animals ofthe present day, is featured in thispicture. There will also be shown Vitagraphs two reel feature "The Lilyof The Valley" featuring Lillian Walker and Earl Williams, in connectionwith these two features there will also be shown two single reel Comedysubjects, Making a program of sevenreels, there will.be only one performance begining promptly at 8 p. in.Admission lower floor, 15 cents. Balconv 10 cents. Gallery 10 cents.(dav.)RURAL TELEPHONES.The telephone is one of the mostprofitable business agencies that thefarmer can employ. It affords himfacilities for keeping in constant communication will the markets, providesa sitting, room for the communitywhere the families can assemble anddiscuss the events of the day withoutthe inconvenience of travel or loss oftime, and in sickness and emergencies,it renders a divine service.Kentuckp formers should encouragethe building of telephone lines. Localco-operative companies can be iormedand country lines built at small expense. You can't get married in Wisconsin until the bride and groom havepassed a Eugenic examination. It willbe an awful jolt to some of the Wisconsites in years to come when theyrealize that Grandma was married toGrandpa without being inspected andcertifiedWhen a woman hasn't enough onher head to roll up into a knot as bigas a baseball, she never has any trouble srowine hair on her face, whereshe doesn't want it.elsewhere at 35.00,$3.492.992.491.991.493srCOGreatest Shoe StoreGELIZLt-y tIic3L Tn301CL01juLym ..jrfAsL . . ,.i.. .Elkmill in vmiibiBELL JEWETT. 'Miss Margaret Bell, daughter ofMrs. Mary Bell, or the Hutchisonneighborhood, and a most attractiveyoung woman, was united in marriageat noon Tuesday by the officiatingminister, Rev. J. J. Dickey, pastor ofthe Hutchison Methodist Church, athis home in Hutchison, to Mr. JessieJewett, or uxiora, scott county, aslormer resident or tne wutchisonVicinity.n w t . 1. -w . . .Columbia Theatre To-day."The Derehet anaLtpfnni16 f ''Thtdevelops from thestartling dramastrange resemblance of one man foranother. Fate and greed saves a husband's life and wrecking of his home."A Baby Did It." A strange babyin the back of his automobile causes aquarrel between Eddie and his fiance.Embarrassing situations follow.One other good picture will also beshown.Columbia Theatre Saturday."The Return of the Twin's Double," Bison, three-parts Following aspectacular train wreck the LadyRaffles escapes to again match herwits with Detective Kelley. Plot andcounter-plot is intermingled with adventure and romanc e.-A good comedy picture will also- beshown.AMERICAN HORSES IN BATTLE.The American horse is one of thefirst to answer the bugle call of theEuropean war. representatives ofmany foreign governments are in thiscountry purchasing horses for the various armies of the warring nations andpractically every state in the Unionis contributing cavalry material to thebelligerent factions.The American horse is a utilityanimal and excels that of any othercountry T5n the face of the earth. Hehas plowed our fields, fought our battles and is the most faithful of animalkind. His reputation has extended toother countries and he is now going toperform the servicer ror foreign countries which he has so faithfully fulfilled at home.A SUFFRAGETTE HEN.Mr. Dave Sanders brought to theHearld office a few days ago a lien'segg with the figure 10 on it as plain asif marked by print. There was alsothe outline of what many people tookto be the face of a skeleton. An oldlady living on Depot street, who issomewhat of a seeress, says that the10 marked on the egg means that theEuropean war will lastforten years andthat the skeleton is the representation of what everybody will be if thefighting is kept up that long. The henthat is responsible for the mysticallymarked egg is a regular layer, but shews never known to set and positivelyrepudiates anyJnclination to raise afamily of chicks. (Harrodsburg Herald. When a common ordinary man hearsanother man talk about "dawncing,"the common ordinary man thinks alot of things that he could be arrestedfor saying.Men's Platinum 'Calf or Russ., Englishlast, Walk-Over,- of quality and stylewhich you will find elsewhere at $7.00,'or price $5.00Men's Russ. or Gun Metal, Walk-Overand Bacon makes, all styles, $5.00 value at .- 4.00MeSJi Gun Metal or Russ., English lastor broad last, of the famous Walk-Over 3.50Men's Tan and Gun Metal, bench made,all lasts, $4.00 values at 2,99Men's Gun Metal, button and lace, dressyand good wearing shoes, 3.00 valuesat 1 -991STJEZnrJAaa aJLaBffil"4 &fc.&?S iv . i m i MffiTiiimfftmlitAPAIRW ,IXE8.ti, Thel ong and anxiously awaited" appearance of H. H. Frazee's international comedy hit, "A Pair of Sixes,"will occur afthe Ben Ali ink Lexingtonto-night, Saturday nights and Saturday matinee, November 6 and 7. Itcomes direct from its run of a year atthe Longrace theatre, N3W York City,where it enjoyed a season of popularity seldom enjoyed to a farce. Mr.Edward Peple, the author, has evolvedin "A Pair of Sixes" a clean-ut comedy that is full of vim and stire andworks out to a logical conclusion thatin .,. ciiKTiKiainor on1 AvIlOl PSnTTI!1 CL 3 k3ULlS&Ah?&l&t n - - -- w -aj i(. ig satigfying; the farce being es-nontoiit, niavor in that fnr nnm in' AAtnniln nvmalc V10 nnHnn nt t.lip. Tlrt.I fa culminated and each acidoses with. i;o.- tw ioavc tho an-a. IUU01U5 biima& ,. .-.. v .wdience gasping in its seats with laughter. H. H, Frazee is well-known asa New York manager, who insistsupon a perfect cast for every companyhe sends upon the road, and "A Pairof Sixes" is no exception to this rule,containing in the cast, as it does, suchwell-known names as Bertha Kreighoff, Martha Oatman, Nellie McHenry,Rita Carlyle, John L. Kearney, Caroline Leonard, Kendall Weston, Stanley G. Wood, all of whom playedtheir respective characters duringthe New York j-un at the Longlace.Seats now selling.(dav.)BAPTIST CHURCH MEETING.Following the seven-weeks' revivalmeeting recently closed at the Tabernacle, Rev. O. R. Mangum is conducting a series of revival meetings at theBaptist Church, beginning Mondaynight. At the Tuesday night servicesthere were seventeen ad(ions. Lastnight Rev. Mangum delivered a splendid sermon on "Love in Four Dimensions," to a large audience.To-nisrht, to-morrow afternoon andSundav morning and night baptismalservices will be c&nducted at thischurch. A well-trained choir is rendering some good music at these meetings. Luke doesn't intend to learn to ridea motorcycle. Just as soon as thewomen get the vote the male boobswill have to ride in the rear.The average man would rather havefive pay days in a month than fiveSundays.When a handsomely dressed womanis being tailed on the street by atough looking guy who looks like anI. W. W., and whose togs are shabbyand shiny, have no fear for her safety.He is usually her husband.When Father refuses the whiskythat the doctor prescribed with themedicine, Mother begins to wonderhow she will look in black.More material for the Great American Novel. & California woman wantsa divorce because she ii her husuanas lourui wue ana ne insists up-When they do get the vote, and alady candidate for office invites herconstituents to a feed at her expense,could a reporter be arrested for an-.. vytv...iC) ..v j ...w ...wv .v f ...........nouncing the fact that the candidate!was fixing her supporters? , ,A Princess hasn't much trouble mconvincing herself that the wart onher chin is a dimple. 1ihS3gTfrcFISCAL COJlT.The Bourbon Fiscal -Court met- inthe Gounty Court room yesterday,with County Judge McMillan presiding, and Justices Martin, Thommason,Redmon, Burns, Lloyd, Stephenson,Shropshire and Turner present.Claims amounting to $1,124.85against the county were allowed andordered paid.Miss Betsy Ray O'Neal, having declined the $25 allowed her from theHamilton Beneficiary Fund, same wasordered paid to Miss Mary Batterton.County Judge McMillan nominatedand appointed Ben. F. Bedford countyroad engineer. Upon motion madeand seconded the vote stood 5 to 2.The motion carried and Mr. Bedford'snomination was rejected. This stillleaves a vacancy in the office.Beyond several small business matters of minor importance, no otherbusiness' was transacted and upon motion, the Court adjourned to Dec. 3.EVERY LOAD GUARANTEED.We guarantee every load of coalto give- satisfaction. Phones 336.(15-tf) J. H. BATTERTON. 'ROBERT FRAKES HASGOOD YEARLINGCOLT.Robert Frakes, of Paris, has a goodyearling at the Kentucky Associationtrack that has shown sensationally, inthe brown colt by Transvaal out ofMargaret Roche, the dam of ColonelHeck. He negotiated a quarter recently inn :23 3-5 with 125 pounds up,the performance being a highly impressive one. The colt is bread and isowned by the veteran breeder, MartinDoyle. Transvaal was lepresented bya number of high-class performers thepast season, including Burwood, Balco, Transact, Transit and Transportation. FOREST NOTES.Cherry is the wood used as a backing for the metal plates from whichillustrations are printed in magazinesand periodicals. It is chosen aboveall others because it holds its shape,does not warp or twist, works smoothly and does not split.Two governors, those of Oregon andMassachusetts, have suspended thehunting season this year because ofincreased danger of forest fires whenthe woods were exceptionally dry.The position of city forester is nowoffering a new field for men with atechnical training in forestry. Fitchburg, Massachusetts, is one of thelatest towns to secure an official ofthis sort.Because of extreme drouth, the firerisks on the national forests in theNorthwest have been greater this season than in any other since 1910, theworst year since the forests wereDQtofi ATiioh Ipss rlamaee was done... because experience in firesained in the fires ofI .. .0jIii UJ5111.1U0f .J, i , ,, . iirOCHOW TO SAVE MONEY.B New Process Gas Heaterd R fromA F WHEELER &. CO.Igome peopie go to church on 81111-! day morning. Others stay in oeu anhour later and get their extra sleepthat way.When a man blows in five dollarsi over a bar he never gives it a second' thought. But if he loses five dollars' on the street 'he can figure out how' he could have paid the National Debtwith it.th i- i!iT-,T.rto wlmn "iunrnorhas hash for dinner. But if Motherj puts some dope in the hash and callsit some French name uiac. suuuualike a cabaret disn, Father compliments her on her high-brow cooking.NEW PROCESS HEATER'.Let the New Process Gas Heaterdo vour heating. Sold byA. F. WHEELER & CO.Average Prayer.Faith in prayer is a wonderfulthing, but the average man prays foruvice as much as he expects to get.SAVE YOUR COAL BILLS.When you get ready to lay in yourwinter coal we can save you money.Phones 336.(15-tf) J. H. BATTERTON.lAlMami "family happy.It brings into the home a vrcallh cf music that is n:of all proportion to its "small cost.You can ;ct a Yictor or Yictor-Yictrola right avr.yon our easy-payment plan. 15 to 200 for a VictorYictrola. sio to 100 for a Yictor. (Cqi-o in anql see apd hear the different, styles. 51 Daipia? i. i . . wt .' ' M HaviJ-.'zV A.1...' . j-"- : -w?&&. -i -rjv ,J" iTsiKttMttEiAaFS5 &w T""3sS4.'.fel4ft."ioShola emjurr mamFOUND MUftDERtD IN WEEDSThe body of C. T. Royce, well-knownNicholas county farmer, who had benmissing for the past twelve day3 W2found Tuesday morning near his 'barnhidden under weeds, which were cov'ered by rails. There is no doubt thathe had been murdered. When foundthe right arm was missing, his lefthand was off and his head wa3 severed from the body.The body was discovered by SheriffW. T. Parker and Ed. Lawrence, whwent to the farm Tuesday to continuethe search in hopes of finding someclue that they might trace down.The first excitement came whenMr. Dalzell, a neighoor of Mr. Roycetelephoned the officials that Mr. Roycohad not been seen for several daysthat his barn had been locked and oneof his horses had died and the otherswere almost dead. Search was instituted immediately. Clues were rundown. Malcolm Royve, of Winchester,was called over the long distancephone and he came to assist in thesearch. The place where Mr. Royce'sremains were found indicated thatthere was a struggle. A binder, whicistands close by the barn was coveredwith blood, which had been smearedwith dirt. Several rQcks covered withblood were found. A neighbor, Mrs.Wilson, said that about ten days agoshe heard two shots in the neighborhood of the Royce place and heardsome one yell, "0, Lord" twice.Coroner Hutchings held an inquestTuesday afternoon and examined several witnesses. Bud Thomas wasplaced under arrest. Annon Markswas taken into custody but was released upon examination.Mr. Royce is survived by two son,Walter Royce, of Kansas and MaTcolm Royce, of Winchester.HOUSEKEEPERS.Get the New Process Gas Heateri and Range the kind that saves youmoney and work!A. F. WHEELER & CO.FOREST WARDENS FORKENTUCKY APPOINTED.William Bartley, of Pike County,and J. C. Newberry, of Martin county,were appointed County Forest Wardens of their respective counties onTuesday by J. E. Barton, State Forester. A free nursery will be establishedat the Kentucky Normal and Industrial Institute by State Forester Barton. He will be assisted in the workby Albert Martin, of Junction City,who will be in charge of the nursery.They plan to plant twelve seed bedsfour by twenty-four containing 100,000seeds.Plans are also under way to enlargethe State Nursery at Louisville. Bynext spring Barton expects to have1,000 young trees which will be soldat cost. The trees will be of the various kinds.A married woman always likes tohave a stranger tell her that shedoesn't look it.If the State does go dry, how arewe to know when Spring arrives?There won't be any Bock Beer signsto tip us off.Angora Goats Prove of Value.Angora goats have been used withprofit to keep fire zones clear of inflammable vegetation on national forests in California."MEN AND MILLION"LEADERSRESTING.Workers of the "Men and MillionsMovement." who have been makinga campaign in this State for the pasttwo weeks for 1,000 men and womenas missionaries and Kentucky's portion of the proposed 5,000,000 whic1the movement is auempting to rapto secure 51,000,000 offered by R. A.Long are resting during the week, beginning Tuesday, and will remain iactive until this evening. At t1time the tean -'11 rather at Gran-IHotel, Cincinnati, -or a, general report of the work In this State, an'.Saturday they will resume their campaign here. Lexington is hpr'quarters for the movement in t 3State.President It. H. Crossfield. of Tra .sylvania University, returned frcz.Maysville and Mason county recenth,where he has been several days in tl.interest of the "Men and MillionMovement.msBtsmt."The best investment I ever madeid it only ccct $15."The Yictor-Victrota ermines and educates the children, and riahes the who1.ifj . 1, l,jK&&s0h ". - tv fiii' t . JS. . V .i" v,VP V . - .-.i!--at : -5C..., " r a.;'-MBros