4-.S'asl,-?4-..-J,r,v,-$cj. Hr?'-. -tfc-xfciri fiPStf., v-J. -THE BOURBON NEWSmK1c-VPUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUMEj-XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY. JULY 28. 1914.' , " ' " i' 4a4TPOLICE OFFICERKILLED BY AGRAZED NEGRO.Special Policeman Turpin Shotand Killed Instantly ByRidley Reed.SLAYER KILLED BYCHIEF OF POLICE LINKQuick Action of Officer SavesHim From Becoming aVictim.ELECTIONOFFICERSFOR THEPRIMARY.As the result of an attempt to arrest Ridley Reed, colored, in the negro suburb of Lylesville, yesterday afternoon, Special Policeman S. M. Turpin was killed by Reed, who was himself shot and mortally wounded byChief of Police Link.Reed, who was the owner of severalpieces of property in Lylesville, hadfigured in police records for many3 ears, and was regarded as a dangerous man. Some years ago, while under the influence of liquor, he shotat his wife and killed his mother-in-law,"who had come in in an effort topreserve peace. For this he was tried, convicted and sentenced to twenty-oneyears in the penitentiary. After serving twelve years he was released under the parole law, and returned to this city, where he was regarded as a desperate character andmentally unbalanced. Some monthsago he was arrested on a lunacywarrant, but at the trial was acquitted. Sunday morning Reed went on aTampage in Lylesville, and had thingspractically his own way, threateningto kill anyone who interfered withhim. His neighbors said that he wascrazy dunk, and were afraid to sendword to the police. Reed kept up hisorgie, making the neighborhood untenable save for anyone but himself,and on Monday the police were notified. Chief of Police Fred Link, accompanied by Patrolman King and Special Officer Turpin went to the scene,and upon arriving, were informed thatReed had barricaded himself in hishome and was armed with a shotgun loaded with buckshot. Stationing Patrolman King at one door andplacing Turpin to guard the exit, Linkwent to the side of the house. Turpin "advanced toward the steps, whensuddenly, Reed, who had concealedliimself behind a curtain, firedthrough the -window at close rangewith the shotgun. The heavy chargestruck Turpin in the breast, going directly through the heart, and leavinga gaping wound. He "fell forward"dead.Hearing the shot Chief of PoliceLink ran toward the steps and as hecame up Reed, who had. left his placeof concealment, came running downthe steps with drawn shotgun pointeddirectly at the officer. Link, who haddraw his revolver upon hearing theshot, quickly got the drop on the crazed negro, and fired twice, the bulletsstriking just above the right eye, andpenetrating the brain. The negropitched forward, the shotgun withwhich he had intended killing theofficer falling at the latter's feet.Had Link been a second later, hewould have shared the fate of Turpin.Turpin was elected Constable of theParis Precinct at the last election,and bad just been appointed as a special officer for extra duty on the police force. He was appointed anasworn in as a special officer to act fora day or two only, during the absence of Patrolman Elgin, who wasoff duty a .day or so on account of aslight illness. He had just assumedhis new duties Saturday For someyear before becoming an officer heconducted a restaurant near the L. &N. junction, and later had a lunchstand in Eighth street. He leaves awife and several children. He was amember of Central Lodge No. 8, I. O.O. F., of Danville, and was an officerin the local lodgevof Junior order ofAmerican Mechanics.The slain negro had an unenviablerecord, and the prediction was frequently made that he would eventually cause serious trouble unless restrained or confined in an asylum.Coroner Davis will hold an inquestat thP nnnrt House Thursday morning, when the circumstances of thekilling will be brought out.THOMAS OFFERS $500.00""REWARD FOR LAV VIOLATORS.At a meeting of the BourbdnCounty Election Commissioners, heldati thei Court House Friday, Messrs.B. B. Marsh, W. A. Thomason andSheriff W. F. Talbott, comprising theBoard, were present, and organizedby electing Mr. Marsh as Secretary,Mr. Talbott being the Chairman ofthe Board. The election officerswere selected to serve at "the Augustprimary following the adoption of thefollowing paragraphs, which, were inserted in the records of the meeting:"At a meeting of the BourbonCounty Election Commissioners onthis date, after organizing and electing B. B. Marsh as Secretary, the following named officers were appointedto serve at the primary election to beheld August 1, 1914."The County Executive Committeesof the political parties having failedto designate in writing a list of notless than eight names for each precinct to this Board as required bylaw, and the candidates having failedto designate the names of persons tobe appointed officers of the electionaccording to law, the Board appointedthe following persons as officers orthe election."Paris No. 1 Thos. Kiser, D, andGeorge Beatty, R, Judges; FrankClay, R, Sheriff; J. Walter Payne, D,Clerk.Paris No. 2 Ed. Cantrill, D, and N.A. Moore, R, Judges; Sam Woodford,D, Clerk; Swift Champ, D, Sheriff.Paris No. 3 Frank Kiser, J), andG. W. Stuart, R, Judges; J. W. Bram-blette, R, Sheriff; J. Sims, Wilson, D,Clerk.Paris No. 4 Walter Clark, D, andJ. P. Kane, R, Judges; A. J. Fee, R,Clerk; W. A. Wallen, D, Sheriff.Paris No. 5 M. F. Kenney, D, andJ. D. Shy, R, Judges; C. W. Larkin,R, Sheriff; Harry Baldwin, D, Clerk.Paris No. 6 L. J. Fretwell, D, andWyatt Thompson, R, Judges; HomerShy, Clerk; C. F. Redmon, D, Shenft.Millersburg No. 1 Nat Collier, D,and A. T. Moffett, R, Judges; J. S.Shoptaw, R, Sheriff; John Leer, D,Clerk.Millersburg No. 20. H. Collier, D,and Ed Wagoner, R, Judges; GranAllen, D, Sheriff; D. M. Hurst, R,Clerk.Flat Rock No. 1 E. J. Burris, D,and W. P. Thomas, R, Judges; RayBurris, D, Clerk; Ed Thomason, R,Sheriff.Flat Rock No. 2 Clarence Kenney,D, and Ora Wagoner, R, Judges; LeeDeavers, R, Clerk; Frank Collins, D,Sheriff.North Middletown No. 1 John J.Redmon, D, and J. W. Murphy, R,Judges; B. W. Rash, D, Clerk; DavisPatrick, R, Sheriff.North Middletown No. 2 BenWoodford, Sr., D, and W. R. Tuttle,R, Judges; W. B. Woodford, D, Clerk;Alva Thomas, D, Sheriff.Clintonville No. 1 W. K. Haley, D,and T. H. Clay, Jr., R, Judges; FredEstes D, Clerk; Letcher Weathers,R, Sheriff.Clintonville No. 2 James Ingles, D,and H. A. Power, R, Judges; Geo.Pepper, R, Clerk; I. D. Thompson, D,Sheriff.Hutchison No. 1 J. N. Steele, D,and M. R. Jacoby, R, Judges; Robt.Meteer, D, Clerk; Dr. W. K. Dudley,R. Sheriff.wj -Hutchison No. 2 Forrest jetton, v,and Wm. Hall, R, Judges; LawrenceHorton, R, Clerk; Frank White, D,Sheriff.Centerville No. 1 John Sparks, D,and Geo. McLeod, R, Judges; JohnBell, R, Clerk; Joseph Leach, D,Sheriff.Centerville No. 2 James Scott, D,and Andrew jReffett, R, Judges"; A. P.Adair, D, Clerk; Ewalt Haley, R,Sheriff.Ruddles Mill No. 1 T. W. Current, D, and Lindsay Hough, R, Judges; James Fisher, D, Clerk; C. L.Hough, R, Sheriff.Ruddles Mills No. 2 R. R. Turner,D, and William Bell, R, Judges, William Gifford, R, Clerk; George Current, D, Sheriff.NEW YORK MARINE BANDGIVES DELIGHTFLU CONCERT.GRUSOMEFINDMADNEGROE BYTrs"WE KNOW HOWRAMPSsBody of Unknown Negro,Partly Devoured By Hogs,Found.HAD BEEN DEADFOR SEVERAL DAYS.Coroner Davis Visits Sceneand 'Has RemainsBuried.The mangled and badly mutilatedbody of an unknwn negro man, whoseidentification, could not be established, was found Saturday afternoonnear a spring, about one hundredyards from the railroad, on the rearend of Mr. Wm. Turner's place, onemile from Talbott Station."IJwo negroes were riding in a boxsar on the fast- freight from Cynthiana, made the discovery. Happeningto look out of the car they espied ina hollow near the spring what theythought to be the body of a man,around whicha number of hogs wererooting. Upon the arrival of thefreight at the Paris depot the negroesnotified Mr. Claude Ratliff, who informed Coroner Davis, and relatedthe story as told by the negroes.The official proceeded at once tothe spot indicated by the negroes, andfound the body in the position asdescribed by them. The remnants ofa pair of overalls and a blue shirttorn into ribbons alone clothed whatwas left of the body which, had beenpartly devoured by the hogs. At oneside was found a blue .jacket such asworkmen wear. No marks of violence could be found on the body,and the supposition is that the manhad "gone to the spring to get a drinkand ahd ben overcome by the heat orhad died or heart trouble. The broundaround the spring showed evidenceof the body having been draggedaround a considerable distance. Nothing except a white handkerchief anda few scraps of bread were found inthe pockets, and nothing whatever toidentify him. The hogs had devouredthe entire lower portion of the body,arms and head, and only the torsowas intact.Mr. Davis secured the assistance ofMr. Turner and two of his farm handsand after communicating with CountyJudge McMillan, the mutilated remains were buried on the spot.Mr. Turner and one. of his men,Mr Paw. remembered seeing astrange negro at the spring on ihurs-day evening, as they were naming water to the field, and it is probable thatthe man's body had been there sincethat time.:m.wk'3-NW-Lr'SIf You Want to SaveSeveral DollarsrCome To Our Store andJ Buy a Suit.Vr Jr1 tWe have reduced in price all Men'sand Boys' Suits, as well as the extralight weight Coats and Pants. Buy now,a'nH save money.All Sizes In Suits. A FeW-:cSizes at Half Price.V- vVIMitchell & Blakemore,Th Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckyHon. Claude M. Thomas, of Paris,candidate for the Democratic nomination for Congress, offers a rewardof 500 for the first apprehension andconviction of any one guilty of violat-ing-theelection laws on election day;$250 for the second apprehension and$100 for the fourth. This offer madeby Toia applieis to every countyin the district.The open air concert given on thermirt house steDS Saturday afternoonby the New York Marine Band, wasa delightful musical treat, and onethat was greatly enjoyed by a largecrowd. A rain which set in shortlyafter the program began threatenedfor aNtime to spoil the enjoyment ofthe audience, but the clouds passedover and the program was carried outto the end. "The band played a program of classic and popular music,which was received with applause bythe audience.The appearance of this organization here was assured by the contributions of the merchants of Paris, andwas instrumental in bringing a largecrowd to the city. The band was enroute to New York, after a successfulseason on the Southern Chautauquacircuit.Paris merchants should bring someattraction of this kind to the cityevery Saturday. It was undoubtedlya big drawing card, and the crowdwould have been larger but for thethreatening weather.'TENT MEETING.- AT THE COLUMBIA,The Million Dollar Mystery at TheColumbia Theatre, Wednesday, July29th.PARISIAN SHOT IN ARM.In a dispute over a game ofpool inMiddlesboro, Thursday evening, Mr.Clarence Wetherall, formerly of Paris, and propretor of the pool room,was shot in the arm by Doyle Colson,a member of a prominent family ofMiddlesboro. Colson came to the poolroom and wanted to play on credit,and being refused, drew a revolverand fired one- shot at Weatherall, thebullet taking effect in the fleshy partof the arm, and inbicted a painful,but not serious wound. Colson .wasarrested and placed in jail.Young Weatherall is the son of Mr.J. P. Weatherall, of this city, and wasfor a time-in the employ of the De-posite Bank, in this city. For thepast few months he has been conHiip.Hner a ciear store and confectionery in connection with a pool andbilliard parlor in Middlesboro. vMr. J. F. Weatherall returned fromMiddlesboro Saturday and reportshim as doing very well, the injurybeing only a flesh wound.FRANK &, COLEJI-S-AQ3HLfi.'Mow. Going On!ASPECIAL OFFERINGmifcTO-JKORROW.See Jfoirfee Burnawr dance wiUiTki ULFtetf in -The MIUftML DollarVtatv WnrinrnnlaT JulT 2tfl, atTl FifllWllUl TfaMfe. ,The Tent Tabernacle meeting atClintonville, which is being conductedby the Rev. Thomas H. Atkinson,evangelist of the Ebenezer Presbyry, continues to attract large audiences, and will prdbably not close until next Wednesday night There willbe a special service for women .onlyTuesday afternoon at 3 'o'clock. Rev.Atkinsonsings and preaches everywaning at 7:30 o'clock. t - .vWhat has become of tfie olcff ahfaai man who used to make hisi$nm apeak piecea for company?POLICELOOKINGFORKNIFE USER.is,xGray Russell, a white boy, aged 25, apopular automobile mechanic, of Mt.Sterling, was dangerously stabbed atthe fair grounds late Friday night,when three negroes attacked him, apparently with little provocation. Twoof the negroes have been apprehendedbut JasDer Smith, who is said to navedone the cutting, is still at large, al-Jthough a posse has scoured, the neighboring country.Paris police and county officials oiBourbon were notified that the escaped negro was heading in this direction and have kept up a constantvisal, but so far the negro has not.been apprehended."SPECIAL ?THIS WEEK. ,...r.opLadies' and Misses' SuitsWorth Regularly $20.00 and 25.00. NOW $5.00 EACHLadies' and Misses' Serge- Dresses- Worth Regularly $7.50 and $JQ. 00 '$3.95NOWEACH4444--44Ty"" N 1I$5.00 Skirts af;W.98j J'foO, Skirts,at $3.98; $10.00Skirt at $6.98 r $15.09Skirts-at $9.50r. ' , 1' " HARRY SSKON. 'These Suits and Dresses areWorthy of Your CarefulInspection. 1M-44.- - a'-r'tKt, t3l&jit-RRftftK-yIA!.T- v&Jl!MmmliimHirrReigns'")'"'--, -&,V"T -441 If?V-""tf-if- v--Tvflk:33k5k... ds. y.-jt-Jv.mammkj&.4flifc-it; fi,2' '..j&LAdLi.Ub&3tv?i;'-r "ar"!"Trr. ' ,'vt4: ,i1 if , ,.. ' ; "J 3i hUv vr f J " ' At "ftcIv-4i'.. . V"' JHE' -BOURBON 'NEWS', pMlS,' KENTUCKY, JULY 28 'l9Mt!FxomGirlhoodPHE change may be' critical1 and cause untoldf .suffering in af ter-life.j;The modern -youngwoman is often a "bundle of nerves" 'high string"dissatisfied with life. Such girls should be helpedover this distressing "stace in life bv a woman'stonic and nervine that hasproven successful for,over 40 years-Pr. PiercrsFavorite Prescription'is akeenenemy to the physical wetnesses of woman .v A medicine prepared by'regular graduated physician of unusuaivexperience in treating woman's diseases iJearefully&cUptedtoworkin harmony whh Lthe.mostdeBcat&feminuid constitutionJt is now obtainable' in liquid "013rujr store or end 50 one-cent. sirar-coated "tablet forarrat'tKeis for a trial box, lo-Buffalo;.Every woman may write fully and confidentiallyto"Dr. Pterce and bis staff of physicians and Specialistsat the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute, Buffalo,-rw. X. nu may oe sure umi ner case win receive caref ul, conscientious, confidential consideration, and thattexpenenced medical advice will be given to her free."0ft. PIERCE'S PLEASANT PELLETS regulate'mnd imwgorate mtomach, liver and bowel.Sugar muuted, tiny granule eaty Co take as candyaWmWMmVS- wkWm QAWomanhood .gIF YOU HAVE AHOME TELEPHONEUse It For YourLong Distanceas consistently as you do for your local business. Youcan reach the party you want quickly andjjget efficientservice at reasonable rates over the.Home Long Distance Lines.If u do not have a Home Telephone now, call theManager's office, 427, for rates and have it installed.ae Paris Rome CelepDone and Cekgrapb o.The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.PENSIONS FOR AUGUST.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. 1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, 1.00 perInch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.ROMFSGOII COUNTYWill Exceed $100,000 Tota'i of 2,003Beneficiaries On The Roll. NThe August Confederate pensiondistribution will run well above $100,000, the State Pension Commissioner,W. J. Stone, has 2,903 pensioners onthe roll; but 200 of these have diedsince their pensions were allowed."At the present death rate amongthe veterans," said CommissionerStone, AI believe we have reachedthe high-water mark and the deathswill practically keep pace with additions to the pension list from, nowon."The act of 1914, amending the pension law to permit Confederate soldiers who took the oath of allegianceduring the war under duress and infear of death, to secure pensions, hasraised difficult questions, and Commissioner Stone is requiring proofthat applicant took the oath undersuch circumstances."To do otherwise would be unfairto those veterans who fought it aut,"he said. "They must bring in proofto support their claims. To allow aveteran who took the oath of allegiance during the war to come in hereand, on his own mere affidavit thathe verily believed he would be killedor. die of starvation or disease whenhe took the oath, while those whofought throughout the war or servedtheir time in prisons are compelledto get up proof, would give those whotook the oath a great advantage."STOPS NEURLGIA KILLS PAIN.Til CLUB.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.efjmwmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmfLEINIHAIN'S"ICASH SPECIALS!I20 pounds Granulated Sugar $1.00(with a $3.00 purchase.) ' - -25 pounds Purity Flour 7550 pounds Purity Flour 1.5025 pounds Red Cross Flour 7550 pounds Red Cross Flour 1.5025 pounds Lancaster Flour. . . ." 6550 pounds Lancaster Flour. . .. : 1.3017 pounds Magnolia Flour 3525 pounds Magnolia Flour 65Mason Fruit Jars, Rubber, SealingWax, Paraff ine.Stone's Silver Slice Cakes ReceivedFresh Every Oay.IT. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocerv.M Both Phones 234JSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, aug. 2, 191 4 ,S.2oRoundTripMl hwIhh llrJ .25GEORGETOWN, KY., July 23The Scott County Thomas Club hasprepared a reply to the statementmade in a letter "sent to the Democratic voters of the county by Congressman J. Campbell Cantrill toshow why he should be the Democratic nominee for Congress from thisdistrict. Tire reply follows:HeadquartersScott County Thomas Club"Georgetown, Ky., July 21, 1914."To the Democrats of Scott County:"You have doubtless received Mr.Cantrijl's latest letter on the Congressional race. We respectfully ask youto consider briefly the ridiculousstatements made in this letter. Hewrites at length about the Hobsonprohibition resolution and says Mr.Thomas is not a Democrat because hefavors it."What is the Hobson prohibitionresolution? It is simply a propositionintroduced by Mr. Hobson, a Democrat from Alabama, to submit to thepepple of the various States of theUnion, an amendment to the constitution of the United States prohibitingthe manufacture and sale of intoxicat-jing liquors in the United States."To favor this resolution meansthat one favors the rule "of the peopleon the whisky question. If we knowanything about it, that is the very essence of Democracy."Why are the whisky people opposed to allowing a vote of any kindon the whisky question? Becausethey know the rank and file of thepeople oppose the whisky trust andare anxious to vote it not only out ofpolitics, but out of existence."But to favor the Hobson resolution, mean simply that one wants togive tne people a cnance 10 say wuatthey think about National prohibition; it does not indicate that onewould favor or oppose the amendmentwhen submitted."Mr. Cantrill seeks to befuddle theissue by charging that Mr. Thomasfavors -woman suffrage and that woman suffrage would ruin the country.We do not know Mr. Thomas' viewson the question, but if he favorswoman suffrage he is in very goodDemocratic company, since WilliamJennings Bryan and Speaker ChampClark are botlf warm advocates ofwoman suffrage."We shall not pay any attention tovthe evident absurdity of his Statements on the question since it is notan issue- in this race and can be settled when it comes up.A i- 4-"We believe that the temperanceDemocrats of the Seventh Congressional District will resent these slurson Mr. Thomas and on themselvesand will show Mr. Cantrill that aDemocrat does not surrender hisDemocracy when he opposes theliquor trust by giving Mr. Thomas theCongressional nomination by an overwhelming majority."SCOTT COUNTY THOMAS CLUB."By W. C. WARRING. Chairman."aSAD NEWS FOR G. O. P.Sloan's Linament gives instant relief from Neuralgia or Sciatica. Itgoes straight to the painful partSoothes the Nerves and stops thePain. It is also good for Rheumatism, Sore Throat, Chest Pains andStrains. You don't need to rub, it penetrates. Mr. J. R. Swinger, Louisville, Ky., writes: "I suffered withquite a severe Neuralgic Headachefor four months without relief. I used Sloan's Liniment for two or threenights and I haven't suffered with myhead since." Get a bottle to-day.Keep in the house all the time forpains and all hurts. 25c, 50c, and $1,at your Druggist.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for all sores,(adv-july)PRIZE OFFER TO TEACHERS.To the Kentucky teacher who writesthe best article or story on "Moonlight Schools," the Kentucky Societyof Colonial Dames will give the sumof ?15.00.The conditions are as follows:The story must be absolutely truein every detail. It must be writtenby the teacher who taught suchschool.It must give date of opening, lengthof term, enrollment, age of youngestand oldest pupil and results.It must be sent to the KentuckyIlliteracy Commission, Frankfort, onor before November 1, 1914.The judges will be Dr. J. G. Crabbe,President H. H. Cherry, Hon. Barksdale Hamlett, Supt. Ella Lewis, Mrs.Cora Wilson Stewart.RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLtavts GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.m., ASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.,H. M. HAMILTONVETERINARIANOfficer Butler's Dru Storek Jtoooe 261. 'Residence phones:tamberk$Ltl 546, Home 449. ,PARIS, ;KY: jj.QmMfrlto. . -.t JWKK-JlHMlWinr.Expert CarriagePainter.Mr. Percy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C- M. Heck, for thenast 8 vers, has opened a shotf-at theconer of Fouth and High Streets, 'and'solicits the patronage of those nead:-mg yium$ in nis ime.Bo ffe PJioiiei 5U. ; ,The bumper wheat crop predictedby Government experts in their official crop report recently issued, wastranslated in terms of prosperity in astatement recently by George M. Reynolds, President of the Continentaland Commercial National Bank ofChicago, and one of the most influential bankers in the country."If the predictions hold good, business is going to start picking up anda great deal of the uncertain feelingthat 'has been prevalent in the country for some time will, be sweptaway," said Reynolds."There is no serious underlying condition responsible for what you mightcall the present stagnation no worsethan they were in 1912, for instance."The reaction of the bumper cropupon business will not be long delayed. When the first harvesting showsthat the yield ,is up to expectations,the co'untry "banks will be calling formoney to help move the crop. Theelevators will begin to take on life,and there 'will be a demand upon therailroad y for ''rears. There are somany ramifications to '"be followeddown -tbatf.it'ls impossible.of course,ito sayiust Jtiow soon after the harvest' ' A onjall"liHastcbuai'ae,sV''-Th'Wa8h-FOREST NOTES.The annual capacity of the forestnurseries of the government is about25 million trees.Cornell University recently dedicated a forestry building in connection with the State college of agriculture. It is said that the best times of theday to see forest fires from lookoutsare just daylight and just before sunset. The forest service has been requested to co-opsrdte with the portauthorities of Coos Bay, Washington,in planting to control shifting sanddunes.Jack pine tress planted ten yearsago in the sand hills of Nebraska arenow large enough to produce fenceposts. Last year the first seed wasgathered from this plantation.The agricultnral experiment stationat Pullman, Washington, is establishing an arboretum in which it is proposed to grow a group of each of theimportant timber trees of the temperate zone.The reason why a man makes hisauto tear platforms off street carsand hit nothing but the high placesgetting home in nine seconds, is because he has time to sit around andtalk about the weather for four hoursafter he gets home., uesigncciii:mnd J"ft-x"-!- a'tiTnTgq ,xyWe Indians!xLong before the white man set footupon American soil, the Indians usedthe Native Herbs of , their country.Every spring and fall they would mixup -large quantities and drink it.They kept healthy.The white man has used thesesame medicines in different forms formany years, but the true NativeHerbs have never until now beenbrought to a complete success.Brown's Native Herbs in Liquid Formbrings out all their true strength andvirtue, can be taken with ease byanyone as it tastes pleasant; has nobitter taste; acts gently and mildly onany system and is now recognized asthe most effectives herb medicine forthe absolute cure of all Liver, Kidney,Stomach .and Bowel diseases. If youhave found it necessary to resort totablets and pills for years in order torelieve the lower bowel and have become disgusted and discouraged, geta large $1.00 bottle of Brown's NativeHerbs in Liquid Form, and see whata real, pleasure it is to take medicinethat will do just what you want itto do. Brown's Native Herbs inLiquid Form are guaranteed for alldiseases of Blood, Rheumatism, Indigestion, Constipation, Gassy Condition of the Stomach, fullness aftereating. Liver Kidney and Boweltroubles, and that weak, tired, rundown, worn-out feeling. It's nature'stonic, a blood builder,, a blood makerfor t the young and old alike. Thiswonderful' medicine is .now for saleby all druggists. If your merchanthas not got it, have hin order directfromlthet, jobber, or, tne ADBROWNHEMBDY CO., of Cicihnati,-OhiofI&S7rTwenty-seven Years Agothe first Cortright Metal Shingles were put on.ThStandardEverSincfcThey're still on still in good condition, andthe only attention they've had is an occasionalcoat of paint.Inaddition to the lasting qualities, they'reFireproof, Stormproof and inexpensive.1 For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.ichidanTp,v. llmm ImCANADAThe land of lakes and cool Breezes.An ideal place to spend your vacation.Let one of our passenger representatives help you plan your trip. Noobligation whatever and you will beassured of excellent transportation-. Ifacilities and courteous treatment.COMBINATIONRAIL,, LAKE and OCEAN TRIPSWITH OPPORTUNITY OF VISITINGDetroit - Niagara Falta - Toronto - Montreal - QuebecNew York- Boston and many interesting placesLOW PARES LONG LIMITS LIBERAL STOP-OVERSCall on your local a.ent or addressP. C BENEDICT, D. P. A. or F. P. WADE, T. P. A.Fifth and Walcut Sts., Cincinnati, O.Illustrated Tour Books on applicationlllllltmlu.allllllap:Hi riijjWe don' t expect all our friends tobe customers, but all our customerswho useFOX RIDGE COALGROUND PEEDAND SANIEECTare our friends.Dodson & DentonParis,Yards, South Main St.y-BothPaDnss 14 0(Kgg3fcGgfc!Qfegx(&sag2Sfe;Q-fGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBAIMER.BOliB'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 399.Pans Odorless Cleaning Co. ttLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your"' clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryV" n's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked'to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.3NOBMMMlMHHBiFOUND.On Main Street, near Twelfth, apair of eye glasses. Owner can obtain same by calling at Bourbon Newsoffice, proving property and payingadvertising charges.You neyerirtiU;hoimuch -wtr-ing.lesmpaiK , mntilijo.' tryitaswearei, wearing: , vFOR. SALE.One 3-horse-power gas or gasolineengine. Will sell cheap. Apply toHENRY GROSCHE.FOR RENT.- Cottage drthre room andlfck,,oo.Seremtk Stret. :CiLl HnMJtoQem o?m t. mh tfs. -j jK1 ' J.r. i rnI -r . . n"J -i . r V'yif4r- -OfV-i i - I " i ,-,,,, , , .. - 1. . .it. . ii.i i ; ii'j'I' u !. -" '!" " ' i'" .w-.-iu.-W. - .'' l'TV"-'-i -'-fi' .r'. - r.m. A . -1 ' ' - T- - - - ,, " r "V " y 4W9&B.1I IMountains of Western North Carolina"Land ot the Sky" "Sapphire Country"IDEAL VACATION REGIONSPECIAL VACATION FARESWednesday, August 19, 1914.ROUND TRIP FARES FROM LEXINGTON, KY.ASHEVILLE, N. C, AND RETURN '.$9.00HENDERSQNVILLE, N. C, AND RETURN 10.00WAYNESYILLE, N. C, AND RETURN... .10.00LAKE T0XAWAY, N. C5 AND RETURN.. 11.00Tickets on sale Wednesday July 19. Good returninguntil September 3. 1914.Tickets good on CAROLINA SPECIAL leaving Lexington,NKy., 9:15 P. M.. also on all other regular trains August 19.DIVERSE ROUTEPrivilege of visiting Chattanooga (Historic Lookout Mountain) enrouteto or from final destination, $1.50 additional.mm000000000000f0091CN.O.&T.P. RY.)ANDSOUTHERN RAILWAY.IWtf! SIX BIO DAYS andBLUE GRASS FAIR,Incorporated)LEXIIStGTON, KY.,AUGUST 3 TO 8, 1914.$20,000- IN PREMIUMS $20,000HERBERT A. KLINE SHOWS-25 Special Cars 300 People.THAVIN'S BAND AND CONCERT CO. 45 High Class 'Artists.GRAND OPERA SINGERS.RAG-TIME SINGERS.TANGO DANCERS.Harness Races and Running Races Daily.BIGGEST AND BEST FAIR IN THEMIDDLE WEST.LEXINGTON IS THE CAPITALOF THEHORSE WORLD.All the Champions Will Be Here.For Entry Blanks or Information addressJOHN W. BAIN, Secretary,Q5-22-29jy-3t) Lexington, Ky.. TTHB'PRUDENTMARVESTGOES fJTOTffEgA&JCnj?&Ai ." '" mMmrmifflWmm0&Lmi zMmw"When a man works hard for his money HE is the onewho ought to have it not some smooth schemer who comesalong peddling some valueless GET-RIGH-QUIGK proposition. The one sure way to keep money is to BANK it andlet it PILE UP, and before you dig into the pile KNOW youhave some safe investment right here at home which youcan watch and attend to YOURSELF.Make OUR bank YOUR bank "We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings. ' -DEPOSIT BANK OF PAR 16.Capital, $100,000.00.J. M. HALL, President.Oae amplication soothes and heals a roughpimpyskmaiKi-jrBenrepearea.,quiciuycueeiia cure, fcczema. try&ipeias, j. eer, u jeera auuall skin diseases yield to its curative properties.J0c.0x. Atjmunmsis.Send w free Minnl nd hook. " HmIM ad Beaty.WNNflW, lllimww -ITSm i rit a3:ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVERPRIVILEGESFor full information and sleeping car reservations, apply to nearest TicketAgent, orH. C.'KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 East Main Street, Lexington, Ky.Phone 49.W. A. BEOKLER, G. P. A.,(td) Cincinnati, OhioNIGHTSIWWWwWWwWwWWwWwwwWVjmmmummmjs.Surplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.ntif p.Wt relieTM BbenmatiiQ. Sore Mqs-CMS, JlCUlHftI, Ab&aunc. i-iviv-uw .u.llixlno Vnnr mnnw bdctt if it fails to J i.-. 7.B1nvM Dn.lranlia Hao fl a ltH BnflliT8 anr ache in any part of the botfc. ..flfteen miniKe time, s -XriceSOc. JLt jLII Druggist. "ft hidpm a oinaur mat a raqnew.:- iOWIBWI WUiEDY COMPLY, ;;4t East Main St., . Uxtegte. iCy. uBITHE IMPORTANCEOF AGCESThe Clinging Sashes, WideGirdles and Tailored BeltsGive the Correct SummerNote.RIBBONS ADD ADASH OF COLORENew York, July 24, 1914.It has been many a long day sinceaccessories have played a more important role' in the up-to-date wardrobe than they do in the present season. Separatecollars are a necessity, whether made of organdy, sheerlinen, embroidery, net, pique or doubled linen. Dame Fashion decrees thatthey should be worn on coat, suit anddress; improving each, for what isdaintier than a bit of fresh, white atthe neck of a colored blouse, or moresoftening to the severity of a tailoredcoat color?The Cut of This Costume Is Accentuated By Its Development in Plainand Fancy Crepe.These collars are often embroidered and sometimes are made of embroidery flouncing cut from a vesteefront. When they are made of sheermaterials of lawn, organdy, Swissor handkerchief linen, the edges arepicot edged or hemmed and liemstiched. Pique colors are also picot edged and are -usually doubled, as are theheavier linen collars.With the return of the 1880 stylesthe basque andbustle has comethe latter's satelite, the clash.Sashes or ribbon, silk and even of thesame fabric as the dress are a mostimportant and charming addition todresses of mull or organdy, silk orserge.Handsome broad ribbons are to behad in any number' of designs suitable for different kinds of costumes.Louis VX, designs in dainty colors,banded on either edge with a stainstripe or corresponding color or ofblack, will give the simplest dress oflawn or Swiss an air of dainty charm,while a richly striped or figured ribbon swirled loosely around and securely tacked to a foundation skirt,having a black chiffon tunic or overskirt draped over it, is a method ofobtaining variety which famousFrench dressmakers are using.The Mexican designs which are following closely in the wake of theMexican Revolution bid fair to "bemost popular this fall. Queer sliteddesigns of birds, weird reptiles andcabalistic geometrial figures, in brilliant, but crude combinations of color,appear on ribbons whose trimmingpossibilites cannot be ignored. Agrdle made of nine-inch ribbon crushed around the waist, closing with asnappy bow fastened at the back orfront will give to a dress of dark blue,brown or black what the brieht yellow of 'the oriole gives to the bird's jplumage.Following closely after the sashes,but used nore for severe frocks, arethe vest-belts. These are made withvest-like tabs in front and tiny watchpockets on either side, usually stich--ed in approved tailor fashion. Madeof cloth, to match the dress, or in contrasting colors, these are distinctlyup-to-date, while made in whiteqique these belts' are extremelypopular. " .Other accessories which are er:tainlyj- practicalm giving an old skirta modern look re"the 'tunicjt of silk,"pletek gaftmred, or plain- h&caremade totfeurorn QTti:v9Ji iskirt.These arev usually" ot black'or blueSRICassis site ,-, ' i&SiJ---" j1 lllsllll ' ' r M; , V' jJi hi i y Wil - 'IB t .11 ' n I ', 3 t i i i ,pi ; i iti r EJr . H ' II'm - M I- 'I11 I ' 1 1 - f . 7 ' 'r, ! .' ID . k ft jr7(m ' fy'?Joqs aaqBi ' six oiun; paaid auo I2U!s padx.qs' jo. pnjid 30 uajo pup nisK .wiui tne oeit about two incnes tromthe top, allowing the upper pleats toflare out around the waist. Anotheris accordion pleated and cut in deeppoints. A third type is a tunic of netedged with a box-pleated ruche, whichis especially pretty worn over a lightcolored dress.In high favor is the dress combining two colors or fabrics. It is muchmore popular than the dress of onecolor or material; therefore in the illustrations I have shown two distincttypes, both suitable to either development. The first shows a dress of coarsegreen linen and white linen, lawn.The front and back of the waist areof green linen and are attached, to thewhite linen sleeves by a narrow beading of embroidery. The collar andvestee are of white linen, hemstitched. Stylish little tabs of green fasten.m front, giving a waist-coat effect.Triple flounces of green linen areplaced over an underskirts of whitelinen. Although the combination ofheavy and sheer material seems almost incongruous, the effect is distinctly smart.Among the attractive summer faberics is a voile-like crepe which has aratine or boucle crepe. This is especially pretty in white and most effective in combination with a plainwhite crepe, as shown in the illustration. This castume has several marked characteristics; one is the methodof making the sleeves and yoke ofthe waist of plain crepe, and whilethe bib-like front and back are of thestriped fabric. The U-shaped yoke,O IcCali.Coarse Green Linen and White LinenLawn Make This Frock ofDantyFreshness.which reminds one of a man's shirtfront, is a new and pleasing variation.-This costume has several marklong monopoly. It is less trying tothe average woman than any otherneckline. The long tunic holds undiminished sway, but in this shirt a variation is shown in that the stripedtunic is attached to a yoke of plaincrepe. Crepe covered buttons fastenthe dress from the neck to the bottom of the tunic.This model is full of possibilitiesfor the woman who is either makngup new frocks or remodeling her oldbrowns to suit the present mode.The proper use of buttons, honri.ing, tunics, sashes, belts and the llawyer uuiuumauon ot materials arethe true keynote to bear in mindwhen selecting either your gown,their trimmings, or the accessories tobe worn with them.KENTUCKY MAN TRAILSSTOLEN HORSE 500 MILES.After driving more than 500 milesin a buggy and spending more than$200 in the search, M. E. Poole, of Ro-'bards, Ky., reebvered a horse valuedat $125, which was stolen from hishome. He found it on Joseph. Leonard's farm near Belleville, 111.- Pooletold Leonard that his mother, who isilj, was so fond of the horse that itsloss made her condition worse, andtherefore he had spared on expense inrecovering it.A man charged witli stealing thehorse is under arrest at Dixon, Ky.The horse was sold to Henry Stacker,of East St. Louis, 111., who in turnsold it to Leonard.BEST DIARRHOEA REMEDY.If you have ever used Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedyyou know that it is a success. SamF. Guin, Whalley, Ala., writes,"I hadmeasles and got caught out in the rainand it settled in my stomach and bowels. I had an awful time, and had itnot been for Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy Icould not possibly have lived but afew hours longer, but thanks to thisremedy, I am now welL and strong."For sale by all dealers. J(ady-july) ' ft "Ii f 'Jt'doeeh'i kurfrto be Hdeet"onoevin.at;wlkler If is' wasn't? for -tfeFdiir l ofBeuigFdund, Out nearly eVery married man wouia have an Affiinky. -9!itf&li&PlKHU - iWSrrWBEml tiereilM DriJIK. tillS kSflJfePsSKosfe85" " "rms -r 'aw .r m awp'SwawawaiWuatBV r BB 'j BBSaBSaBjBSaaBS"aW m tF - .PKBMJ W wjr&-rM& iSin hv sin h pro's, rswro. km enjoyment cool com- "cfort a satisfied thirst Ia contented palate. ' m-Bi awL MV Demand the genuine by fall name . M " " "L Nicknames encourage substitution. ' M , LI THE COCA-COLA COMPANY .M.Wheneveryou see anArrow thinkof Coca Cola.THE TELEPHONE QUESTIONIn the fall of 1912, a number of citizens of Paris, Ky.,. subscribers of theCumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompany, desiring to have the company install in lieu of the presentmagneto system a common batterycentral energy telephone system ofthe latest type, and also remove alarge amount of open wire on crossarms, placing 'the telephone circuitsin cables and on a part of MainStreet, removing poles and, wires andplacing he conductors underground,signed a petition addressed to thecompany requesting that this be done.In fact, more than 80 per cent, of allthe subscribers in Paris petitioned thecompany to this effect, at the sameagreeing to an increase in the rates.The rates now charged and proposed were as follows:Now charged for special line business, $2.75 per month.Proposed new business rate, $3.50per month.Present two-party line , businessrate, $2.00 per month.Proposed two-party line businessrate, $3.00 per month.Present special line residence rate,$1.50 per month.Proposed special line residencerate, $2.00 per month.Present two-party line residencerate, $1.40 per month.Proposed two-party line residencerate, $1.50 per month.The party line service now furnished is what is known as the Code Signal; that is, when A subscriber on aline calls the central office, B's bell isriing, and vice versa; and when A iscalled by some one, the bell ringstwice, and when B is called, it ringsthree times. The new party linesystem will be equipped with Selective Signals and Selective Ringing;that is, when A's bell rings, B is notdisturbed, and vice versa; this service being in every respect the sameas special line service, except thattwo parties cannot use the line at thesame instant. This is a popular classof service in the cities, being extensively used in Louisville, and in manyQf the larger cities of the country, ashigh, as 60 per cent, ot an tne telephones are of this class.The proposed increase in rates willafford the company an estimated increase in their income of $2,000 whichtogether with- what is now being collected would not afford a reasonableprofit upon the money acutally invested; and mainly for this reason anddelays incident to changes in the organization of the Telephone Companythe new system has not been installed, but the company is now in a position to carry out this plan. TheCity Council was recently advisedconcerning this and the Council nowi, Tn matfpr under consideration,1 - .. , A-i n-r.r nalUInn PTtl.land it may do iaai a uc t"""" -7-bodyingthe proposition contained mthe first petition will be circulated forthe sgnature of the patrons. ,It would be highly desirable for acity the size of Paris to liave a moreup-to-date, modern telephone equip-The rates for 'telephones located beyond the city limits, especially the exchange subscribers among the farmers, will be in on wise affected by tneproposed change.If the people of Paris and the county want the perfect, system, now isthe time to investigate lLIf not thecompany will continue the old system. a v'BUKLEN'S ARNICA SALVE FORCUTS, BURNS, SORES.Mr. E. S. i'Loper, - Marilla,TrriteV"I have", never had a Cut,Rnrn?" Wound or Stera'it would 'notheal." Get a. box ot Biscklea'S' Arnica81t to-day: kew nandy -at all timea .for Bans. Sore. , Wafittds. Prevents Lockjaw; 25c., at your fviiHi(adr-july)ATLANTA, GA. JM , VawBwakwawawJ.BBBBB,BwBfcawawawawawawawawawa -Cheer up, even if you are poor. Youcan write a love letter and-not haveto stay away nights knowing that itwill cost yuo $50,000 to get 1t back.Eevrything but wedding rings arebeing worn tighter this summer.First Popular Priced Excursion of the SeasiiTo Cincinnati and RetoriAug. I$1.50For the Round TripSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky;, 8:20a. m., returning Ieoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m.Special Excursion Paris to Corington and return Thursday, July 30Rate $1.50 for round trip. Epecialtrain leaves Paris 8:10 a. m., returning leaves Covington 10:15 pm. -Low round trip Summer (TourfetJickets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, WisconsinWashington and Oregon, on sale dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with final re--turnlimit Oct. 31, with, very liberalstop-over privileges. For further information call on or addressJ. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.They say a woman's "No" mean,"Yes." But when Friend Wife says"No" to Friend Husband, you cam bt'the family jewels that she xnsens"NO.'TiSHTt'V I)$.7 7V' sv r' JL A 'the Lamp Oil thaiSaves Eyesthing is more impcrtw in tkhome than clear, steady light. lawthis by pretHnff the oil that bnrn ,clear and olpan withM. m.down to the lat drop., PeiHwylranJ 'crude oil refined to perfection. 'Coit no mce than tha InferiorHnfcwason oiN-paves MONEY-aej work aveev?-. .Vnnr de&ior has 30LIT3& OB fej b-irrels direct from obe wojjks. -Cs. C. SUN Oil Cci--t I-axmfctan, Kyiv A M)rr 94 Warren. Pa,T. WsfMtmfckratcd wJtoCrVSundaym':VPlfPfPfP,Wy'"WIW,'...JIWlPW.l'i.ig!THE BOURBON NEWS,I i i i r i i i m t- i - i injf ! . 'ij ,1 i. i .. , j . j-.ru. - j . -1...-,, .fi, ,1, , w "' ?' a ' rT.- '"3,3Bi B - .ST -St i aS;1 A - - -i"HBPARIS KENTUCKY, JULY 28, 114 - K.jtfcThe Bourbon Newsestablished 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.CARD FROM MR. THOMAS.To the Democratic Voters of tlie Seventh. Congressional District:This race for Congress is won, andI will be nominated for Congress ifelection bribers and thieves are keptirom plying their nefarious practicesait the polls on August 1, and thevotes are counted as cast.The right of the people to controltheir representation, rather than haveit bought and paid for by the agentsof the liquor interests who are at-work, now in many precincts in thedistrict, and will continue their workuatil the vote is counted and the result announced, is in the balance.I do not want the nomination unlesst am the, o.hoicG of a maioritv of theDemocrats of this district. I want I TITLED TO VOTE THE BALLOT OPTORS Before a person shall be qualified to vote in the primary electionherein provided for, he shall possessall the qualifications now prescribedby the constitution and as are nowrequired of voters in regular elections. He shall, in additionto said qualifications, be a member ofthe party for whose nominees he intends to cast his vote, and SHALLHAVE AFFILIATED WITH SAIDPARTY and SUPPORTED ITS NOMINEES and no person shall be deemedto have affiiliated with the party inwhose primary he seeks to cast hisvote, IF HE VOTED AGAINST THENOMINEE OR NOMINEES of suchparty at THE LAST GENERALELECTION. in precinctswhere registration is required, noelector, except those entitled to bespecially registered as herein provided, shall be entitled to vote in anyprimary, unless he is REGISTEREDIN THE REGISTRATION BOOK OFSAID PRECINCT FOR THE PRECEDING YEA&, AS AFFILIATINGWITH THE PARTY WHOSE BALLOT HE OFFERS TO VOTE. IF SOREGISTERED. HE SHALL BE EN-" i-fcVr I mmm mm "MII'MV' ' "" -fcteB ssVi!qnnm, Min PPRQnyii i"1""""'' 'r"""Jj"!''1--i ... ,UUUlllLa IIIIU I IbIIUUIIIIL.1 jevery man who has the right to voteto be given that right, and to havehis ballot counted as cast, and if I amjiot the choice of the honest Democrats of this district I will cheerfullyaccept the result. But I do not want,nor do I intend to have the decisionmade by bribe givers and bribe takers, or by corrupt election officers,-who falsify the return. I appeal toevery Democrat in 'the district wholelieves- in fair elections, and honesty in control of all public offices, andis opposed to continued saloon andliquor domination in Kentucky politics, to go to the polls on August 1,.and to see that the vote is fairly castand honestly counted.My opponent, Mr. Cantrill, is therepresentative of the liquor interests,-which will contribute any amount tocontinue him in Congress. I have reason to believe that a large fund hasbeen raised to secure the vote of the-vicious and morally unfortunate for3Ir. Cantrill. Victory for these interests means assurance to America thatthe famous Ashland district is stillsubject to the control of the liquor interests, and that their representativefrom this district will continue toliave a place on the Committee onBules, of the House of Representatives, where he can block legislationdemanded by the temperance forces.So anxious am I that there shall bem lair election, the result of whichwill be the honest expression of thelionest Democrats of this district, ando desirous am I of doing my partI offer and will pay five hundred dollar as a reward for the first apprehension and conviction of any one-who commits a crime on election day,whether in or outside of the booth,-whether by the purchase or by thesale of a vote, or by the falsificationof a return. I will pay two hundredand fifty dollars as a reward for thesecond apprehension and convictionof any man guilty of a crime on election day; one hundred and fifty dollars for the third apprehension andconviction, and one hundred for thefourth.in whatever county of the twelvecomprising the Seventh Congressional District the crime occurs and theconviction takes place this offer applies. In the primary on August 1 the Federal, as well as the State courts havejurisdiction, and this offer is madesubject to conviction in either Stateor Federal courts.The people without the money ofthe liquor interests, or the patronageof the Federal machine, have wonthis race and should not be cheated oftheir victory.CLAUDE M. THOMAS.THE PARTY WITH WHICH HE ISREGISTERED AND NO OTHER."In other precincts, qualified electors shall be allowed to vote onlyTHE BALLOT OF THE PARTY OFWHICH THEY ARE MEMBERS, andwith which they have affiliated andsupported as defined herein.And any voter making a false statement as to any of his qualificationsshall be liable to indictment and conviction for false swearing."POWELL IS ALMOSTSOLID FOR THOMAS.That Senator Claude M. Thomaswill carry Powell County over his opponent, Congressman J. CampbellCantrill for the Democratic nomination for Congress from the SeventhDistrict is as certain as that he isrunning.So strong has the tide set in forSenator Thomas, who voices the sentiment of 90 per cent, of the Democrats of Powell County on the subject of the liquor traffic that Congressman Cantrill s friends there gotbusy and brought him there Friday tomake a speech in the attempt to turnthe tables on his opponent, who isdaily gaining strength.Powell County is one of the closestcounties in the SUte, usually goingDemocratic by as high as 150 majority. There are 800 Democratic votersin the county and the Thomas adherents say they will poll 650 votes.The Cantrillites are thoroughlyalarmed and have arranged a speaking tour for their favorite.In an interview with a prominentcitizen of Stanton he said PowellCounty was one of the most lawabiding counties in the State sincewhisky was voted out of it five yearsago."We are so well pleased with thesituation," said he, "tha twe can notafford to give encouragement to anyman seeking office who is lined upwith the whisky interest, let alonecast your vote for him." ."We have practically broken thatup, too, and I want to add the countywill go overwhelmingly fpr Thomas,unless boodle is used on election dayand methods resorted to that will bea disgrace to the county."He also said that Thomas hadspoken in the county; that he madea fine impression and that "everyTHESE BE DULL DAYS.The annual mid-summer somnolence seems to have descended uponParis for the past week or two, andbusiness generally is very dull. Everyone who has the money has goneaway for a summer vacation, and therest of ushave been sweltering andstewing in the hopes of a return ofcooler weather, just-waiting for something to turn up. There is very little doing in any line, and the pictureshows are about the only local attractions at present. Prospects form bumper crop, however, gives ussomething to look lonvard to, and itis hoped that business will soon pickMr. Orley Chandler, of Cynthiana,is a guest of Paris friends.Mr. Bruce Holladay is spending abrief vacation at Oil Springs, in !Clark County.Mr. Lee Price and son, Mr. JohnPrice, left yesterday for a stay atMartinsville, Indiana.Mrs. B. F. Tully, of this city, isvisiting her sister, Mrs. Louis Offutt,on Walnut Hills, Cincinnati.Mrs. Henry Isgrigg, of Georgetown, came over yesterday to attendthe funeral of Mrs. Theresa Hibler.Miss Olive Chambers has returned from a visit to her father, Mr. J. B.Chambers, and family, at Nicholasville. Mrs. Charles Crumley and daughter, Miss Geneva, of Covington, areguests of the Misses Bramel, at Escondida. Mr. Lyons vBoard, whohas beenvisiting his parents, Mr. and Mrs. W.E. Board,in this city, returned to Corbin, Ky., Sunday.Mr. John Nesbitt arrived yesterday from the Confederate Home atPewee Valley, to visit his daughter,Mrs. Mollie James.Master Eugene Conners, son ofMr. and Mrs. Thomas Conners, ofHarmon Avenue, is spending theweek with relatives at Callahan Station, in Clark county.Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Vest, ofChattanoga, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Will Case, near Hutchison. Mrs.Case is a sister of Mrs. Vest.Mrs. Anne Prichard, of Paris, accompanied by Miss Matilda Prichard,of Huntington, W. Va., and Miss MaryEllis, of Paris, left Friday for a stayat Graham Springs.Miss Sarah McGinley, of Cincinnati, who has been a guest of herL brother, Mr. Henry McGinley, andfamily, on iarmon Avenue, was called home Sunday, on account of theillness of her brother, Mr. ThomasMcGinley.Mrs. J. T. Pendleton, the wellknown Lexington modiste, left yesterday for a six-weeks' trip abroad. Shewill sail from New York on July 31,and will spend most of her time inParis, France.The dance given at the MasonicTemple, by Miss Mary Adams Talbotton Friday evening, was a most enjoyable affair. The room was beautifully and tastefully decorated for the occasion. Music was furnished by theGoodwin Saxaphone Trio, of Lexington. Ices were served in the hall during the intermission. Dancing wasindulged in from 9:30 to 2:30 p. m.The guests were:Miss Sarah Louise Bedford, ofParis, was one of the guests of honorat a tea given Thursday afternoon byMiss Louise Daniel at her home inBell Place, in Lexington The housewas attractively decorated with fernsand flowers. The hostess was assisted in entertaining by her mother,Mrs. J. H. Daniel, her aunt, Miss Lillie Danjel, and Miss Emma WillisRowe. During the afternoon frappewas served by Miss Featheringill, ofWinchester, and Mrs. L. Marders.Victrqla music added to the pleasureof the acair. On Friday afternoon,Miss Emma Willis Rowe, assisted byMiss Hariet Cassell, entertained witha picture show'party in honor of MissBedford. vMrs. Chas. Marshall entertainedSaturday morning at her home inMadison Place, in Lexington, with aPREPARE NOWFor Your Winter Needs inSH0E8By buying now you will ave money, because wehave to close out in sixty days the entire stock of Geo,Mc Williams. Heavy weight as well as light weightshoes are now being offered at less than factory prices.Your saving is from $1 00 to $3.50 by taking advantage of these reductions.Reductions on Heavy Weight Shoes, Light WeightShoes and Oxfords, Ladies' Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps.citizen who valued the safety of hishome and society ought to vote for J card party in honor of Misses Gladysthat class of men."SPECIAL THIS WEEK..White Crepe and Voile Dresses,long tunics, regular 7.50 and $8.50values, at 3.98.HARRY SIMON.POPULAR L. & N. ENGINEERHAS NARROW ESCAPE.Mr. Thomas Rice, engineer on theL. & N. train leaving Lexington, Saturday afternoon for Paris, was struckby the L. & N. train of the Louisvilledivision as it arrived at the UnionStation alongside of the Paris train.Mr. Rce, not looking where he waswalking, stumbled and fell over onthe track and the bystanders rushedto the spot, but he arose without assistance, and was not injured. TheINJURES ANKLE.QUALIFICATION OF VOTERS.The law in regard to who shall, participate in a primary election wasduofed at the last session of the legiatetvre and the act of the 1914 legislators amending the 1912 general prijMiy election law covers the questionthe qualifications of a voter in theyiwary. Under the new law a Reyofcttcan can not vote in the Demomatte primary nor a Democrat in theBtMblican coateet. ' The law in thatC. M. Turner, painter, of Paris, sustained a badly bruised ankle in a fallfrom a house on the farm of Mrs.Thompson Tarr, near Paris, Fridayafternoon. He was brought to hishome in this city.Mr. Alvin Ballenger, an L. & N.brakeman, who was badly cut andbruised about the face some days agoby being thrown from a freight car,is recovering at his home on LillestonAvenue.train was comins: to a stOD so that ittib a nil Trinlro amondc frr fho nrooont 1.1 a .l i- . ... m. ..r.? - .i.- .-.. w" vovui, q1q n0t striKe mm wilii uiuull i-uiue.slump.This is a time to get busy.What does this city need? Itneeds awakening! We are not exactly asleep, but the sandman is hangingaround. Shoo him "away! We can'tstand still we must either go backward or forward.Paris needs the combined effortsof everybody to boost and root andliurrah and shout for it incessantly.We have one of the best cities inCentral Kentucky. It has more natural advantages (sadly neglected)lha& lialf-a-dozen others in our immediate neighborhood. Where in Oenixal Kentucky is there a town withsuch fine water power as we have inStoaer Creek? We must get right4mwn to business and work for it.This requires organization not anorganization controlled by one man-r by a lew men but one in whichmil Uaes of business will be represent- -mi. od in which all lines of businessifJrtVl have the same interest.j , M" means that petty town politics'mmi. petty town jealousies must beIsfCottea. and put aside. It meansjMitri. whole-souled, hearty effort in' aijiiiL out a definite program ofity. Let's not talk too muchit. Let's get busy, wake up,DO IT NOW,Markham, of Paris' and Louise Myalland Martha Smith, of Millersburg,who are the guests of Miss BarbaraSmedley. The party was delightfullyinformal. After the games a deliciousluncheon was served. The hostesswas assisted by Miss Sara Smedleyand Mrs. Robert Talbott. The guestsGold Seal Rubber Boots.Witch Elk Hunting Shoes.Men's, Women's and Children's Rubbers.Hanan and Nettleton Shoes and Oxfords.McWilliams Special Shoes and Oxfords.f Regal Shoes and Oxfords.N Sorosis Women's Shoes and Oxfords.McWilliams Special Women's Shoesand Oxfords.Misses' Shoes and Oxfords.Nothing ReservedEvery pair of shoes in the store is reduced inprice. Plenty of sizes and widths to fit any feet.j Bourbon Bank & Trust Co.S Receivers of Geo. McWilliams. -01IDEATHSwere Misses Martha Smith and Louise j citizen of Paris in the earlier days of!LAST SPEECH OF CAMPAIGN.Former Governor J. C. W. Beckham will make -the last peech of hiscampaign for United States Senator,iE the Bourhon County Court House,in this city on Thursday, July 30, at1:30 p. m. 'As almost everybody knows, Gov.Beckham is one of the most forcefulspeakers in the State, and his address to the voters of this county willpresent them with something worthyof reflecting over. He should he greet-jed by the largest audience that leverassembled within the walls to hear afpofitical speech.PARIS AGAIN IN THE LIMELIGHTMaurice Burnaw, a Paris boy, willbe seen in the The Million DollarMystery, Wednesday July 29, at theColumbia Theatre.PORCH SHADES.We sell 'the beautiful and serviceable' "No Whip" Porch Shades. TheyI will please you.Mvall. of Millersburg; Gladys Mark-ham, of Paris; Margaret and AnneLee Woolfolk, Willie Mae Botkins.Lela Whaley, Katherine Tucker, Mrs.Franklin Berger, Mrs. John Dunn,Miss Kathryn Greathouse and MissHume.Misses Helen and Anna Daugherty entertained a number of friendswith a Bridge party Friday afternoon from 3 until 5 o'clock, in honorof their attractive guest, Miss ViolaLewis, of Louisville. The house wastastefully decorated with garden flowers and five tables of players greatlyenjoyed the occasion. Delicious icesand cake were served. The followingguests were present: Miss ViolaLewis, of Louisville; Mrs. L. C.Moore, of Detroit, Mich.; Mrs. CarlWilmoth, Mrs. Edward Prichard, Mrs.B. H. Foster, Mrs. Frank P. Riser,Mrs. Woodford Daniel, Mrs. Grover.Baldwin, Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery, andMisses Elizabeth Crutcher, BessWilson, Helen Hutchcraft, ElizabethSteele, Clara Belle O'Neal, CorinneCollins, Nannie Brent O'Neal, NancyGriffith, Mary Batterton, Rachel Wiggins, Elizabeth Jasper and Belle Horton. Misses Mary Adans Talbott, AnnaMcMillan Talbott, Edith Shive, Margaret Shive, Margaret Ferguson, Margaret Wills (Winchester), Mary Kenney Webber, Louise White, ElizabethBrown, Elizabeth Hinton, -Cicily Bohon (Versailles), Martha Shelby (Danville), Anna Wilson, Catherine Wilson, Nell Crutcher, Maris Tabott,Frances Cay, Matilda James, JuliaBronston, Mary A. Huthcraft, AnnaEmbry, Miss Breckinridge (St. Louis), Louise Steele; Messrs. LuicenArnsparger, Joe Davis, Tom Prichard,Cecil Sharp (Maysville), DouglasClay, Ireland Davis, Felix Renick(Winchester), Rogers Moore (Lexington), Emmett Darnaby, Lucien Terrell, G. C. Thompson, AlvinThompson, Hiram Roseberry, WilliamTalbott, Blair Varden, John Woodford, James Buckner, Hugh Ferguson,Harmon Turner, Duke Brown, HarryHorton, Scott Woodford,- EdwardSpears, John Stuart, John Ardery, SidArdery, Roy Batterton, Frank Sledd,Stanley Dickson, Isham Young, Stanley Young, Charlton Clay, StuartWallingford, John Clay, Turney Clay,Chaperones Mrs. R. C. Talbott, MissLizzie Grimes, ,Mrs. Frank M. Clay,Mrs. Chas. A. Webber, Mr. and Mrs.Wade Whitley, Mr. and Mrs. CharltonAlexander, Mrs. J. I. Bronston (Jacksonville, "Fla.) -(Other Personals on-CPage Five) NHIBLER. 'Mrs. Theresa Hibler, one of thebest-known women of Paris, died ather home on High Street, Saturdayafternoon, about four o'clock, following a long illness from a complicationof diseases, which had resulted in almost total blindness.Mrs. Hibler was the widow of Mr.George Hibler, who was a prominentits history, and who preceded her tothe grave many years ago.She is survived by one son, Capt.Speed Hibler, who is a passenger conductor on the L. & N. railroad, andone sister, Mrs. Trapnell, of Pointau Rocks, Maryland.Mrs. Hibler was a woman of alovely Christian disposition who didcharitable deeds in a quiet unpretentious way. She was a member of St.Peter's Episcopal Church, in this city,and of the local Chapter of theDaughters-of the Confederacy.The funeral services were conducted 'at the residence, on High Street,yesterday afternoon, by her pastor,Rev. Geo. H. Harris, of the EpiscopalChurch, at four o'clock. Burial in theParis cemetery.The active pall-pearers were J. W.Davis, J. Harvey Hibler, Dr. FrankFithian, M. F. Kenney, Leer Stout,Bishop Hibler.The honorary pail-bearers, chosenfrom the membership of Daughters ofthe Confederacy, were Mrs. C. C.Leer, Mrs. W. C. Morris, Mrs. RussellMann, Mrs. Wm. Hukill, Sr., Mrs.John C, Bedford, Mrs. Maria Bedford, Mrs. Ollie Carter, Miss KateEdgar.McINTYRE.Miss Bettie Mclntyre, aged aboutforty years, died Friday morning atthe home of her sister, Mrs. CharlesMyers, on Fifteenth Street, after anillness of several months.She is survived by her sister, Mrs.Myers, and two "brothers, Mr. RobertMclntyre, of this city, and Rev. Taylor Mclntyre, of Harrodsburg. Theburial took place Sunday afternoon at2 o'clock, in the Paris cemetery.NO STAGE TRIMMIN'SIn the notice of the Thaviu Band'sengagement here, in the last issue ofThe News it was stated that the sixoperatic singers would give a program of tabloid opera in costume andwith stage settings, in connectionwith the regular program. This wastaken from the regular copy suppliedby the band's press agent, and wasnot intended to apply to the engagement here. The singers will renderpopular melodies and selections fromoperas, but without costumes or stagesettings, owing, to the fact that thegrand stand at "the Fair Grounds cannot be adapted to such a presentation.ON TRIAL.In order to introduce the ElectricFlat Iron in every electrically equipped home in Paris, the Electric Company will install these irons on twoweeks free trial.A maiden who is built like a panatella thinks it is very Vulgar to Prespire. But a corn-fed girl either has toSweat or bust.When they are married all you canhear is "honey" and "lamb." Butfive years later all you hear is "money" and a word that rhymes withlamb.ilMOlLGAUNCE HOLLER.Saturday afternoon, while theband concert by the New YorkMarine Band was in progress at thecourt house, Judge Chas. A'. McMillan was called on to officiate at thewedding ceremony uniting in marriage Miss Emma Lee- Gaunce and Mr.William Holler. The contractingparties were from Headquarters, inNicholas County, and were accompanied by the bride's sister, Miss LillieGaunce.ORDERS ELECTION INSCOTT COUNTY.Circuit Judge R. L. Stout, of theFranklin, Woodford, Scott and Bourbon district, in a special term of courtat the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington,Saturday, sustained the legality of theclaim of the Scott county "drys" foran election September 28, and orderedthat an election be held.County Judge Ward, of Georgetown,had refused to call the election on theplea that an election was held threeyears ago, but Saturday's order directs that such election be held.About eight Central Kentucky counties will hold prohibition election September 28.S:THAVIU'S PROGRAMSThaviu's celebrated band will beheard in concert at the Paris FairGrounds on the afternoon of Sunday,August 2. The band and operatictroupe continue to arouse more andmore favorable comment every placethey appear. The program will consist of band selections rendered withall the vim and fire for which Thaviuis noted, and the rendition of popularsongs of the day by a trio, and operatic selections by six vocalists.NOTICE!All Odd Fellows , are requested tomeet at their. Hall Wednesday afternoon, aV 2:30 o'clock, to attendtheNOW OPEINIjBUSY BEE CASH STORE IAT FEE'S OLD STAND, MAIN STREET.Just a Few of Our Many Bargains:Calico, per yard 4 l-2cGingham, per yard 7 l-2cThread, per spool 4c mHose, per pair. 7 l-2cMen.!s Socks, per pair. . . . .". v . . .7 l-2cBest Granulated Sugar, per pound. ...... 5c .Best Flour, per hundred pounds $2.60 -Best Flour. Der 24 Dounds 65rIvory Soap . 4e JLenox Soar) 3 bars for 10cGood Rio Coffee, per pound . . . . 18cIt Will Pay Yon To Visit TheBUSY BEE 6flH STORE !j poet reai as follows: v4 "QffJALTFICATLONS OP ELBC-(5-tr; a. t vy tm&LibM uu.fnnpral ,nf "Rrn iS. M. Turnin. AI. ' -'I,-:tvfv'..,51s"V; rj- vft-- .ij -V "-.f v.1 v 2 . -i'&fWfieiWipss&Mrw. - 1 J.r-W. r555As)r mm THAS THE BEST'OF ALL LINES MADETobacco insuranceagainst Hail. SeeRoxie Davis. 26tfPEACHES FOR PRESERVING.Plenty of fine peaches for preserving. Order early .(It)' C. P. COOK & CO.BUYS BUILDING LOT.Malachi Flanagan purchased lastFriday, at a private price, of Mr. W.L. Yerkes, a very desirable buildinglot on Eleventh street.GOV. BECKHAM TO SPEAKIN PARIS JULY 30TH.Ex-Gov. J. C. W. Beckham will address the voters of Bourbon County,at the Court House, in Paris, onThursday afternoon, July 30, at 1:30o'clock, in the interest of his candidacy for the Democratic nominationfor United States Senator.PARIS BOY AT HOME.Maurice Burnaw will be seen in theMillion Dollar Mystery, Wednesdey,at The Columbia.'SPECIAL THIS yVEEK.$1.50 Pecay Skirts, long tunics, at9Sc; ?2.00 Skirts, long tunics, at "$1.25.HARRY SIMON.FORTY HOURS' DEVOTION.A period of forty hours' " devotionbegan Sunday morning at 7 o'clock atthe Church of the Annunciation, inthis city. The pastor, the Rev. FatherEugene DeBruyn, will be assisted byFather Ambrose, of Corbin, and otherpriests will assist during the services.MILLERSBURG CHAUTAUQUATICKETS AT NEWS OFFICE.A numebr of season tickets for theMillersburg Chautauqua, in progressat Millerburg this week, have beenplaced with the Bourbon News forsale. Prices: Adults, 2.00; children,$1.00. These season tickets are goodfor admission to fifteen entertainments, all of the highets order of merit. If you are going, get your ticketshere and aviod the rush.SPECIAL THIS WEEK.Ladies' French Gingham Dresses at96 cts.HARRY SIMON.BLACKBERRIES.-Plenty of blackberries. If youwant any phone your order NOW.(It) C. P. COOK & CO."WETS" FILE PETITION.SOCIAL AND PERSONALA counter petition filed by the"wets," and containing 511 signatureswas filed in the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton yesterday, asking County Judge C. A. McMillan tocall an election in the city on Saturday September 26, for the purpose oftaking the sense of the voters of thecitv in the matter of holding a separate local option election for the city.WILL REMOVE OFFICE.Mr. Frank Remington has rentedthe Neely wareroom on the corner ofPleasant and Fourth streets, latelyvacated by Prichard & Ball, and willmove his job printing plant from itspresent location in the rear of the Deposit -Peoples Bank to the new location. He will utilize the lower floorfor his establishment, and the rest ofthe warehouse, as soon as it can beremodeled will be useful for storagepurposes.',FARE, FIVE CENTS, PLEASE."It's back to the - old five cent fareschedule again for the local serviceof the Kentucky Traction and Terminal Company. Patrons can again rideon the interurban cars within the citylimits for a five-cent fare, as thetraction company has voluntarilyabandoned the 10-cent minimum fareon those cars. The new fate wentinto effect Friday morning. For allof which we are all, individually andcollectively, truly and devoutly thankful. SPECIAL SALE OF WAISTS.$1.50 Waists at 98c; $2.00 Waistsat $1.25; $3.00 Waistsvat $1.98; $3.50Waists at $2.48; $6.00 and $7.00Waists at $3.75.HARRY SIMON.NEW BANK OPENED YESTERDAY.The doors of the old Deposit Bankwere opened yesterday to the publicunder the new name of the Deposit-Peoples Bank, the merger or me iwuinstitutions having been successfullyaccomplished some time ago.The actual transfer of the businessof the banks was made after the closeof banking hours Saturday afternoon,and was participated in by the officials of both banks.This -wall mark the entry intobanking circles of the largest andmost powerful financial institution mBourbon County, having a capitalstock of 1150.000; a su rplus of $80,-000-individual deposits of $85U,0UU.The bank building, which will bethe future home of the newly mergedbank, will be enlarged and remodeledto suit the larger needs of an increased business. -Mr. Frank Remington,whose job printing establishment , occupied the large room in the rear ofthe bank, has rented the Neely wareroom, on the corner of Pleasant andFourth Streets, and the bank will remodel th room he vacates, using-itfor'flfr TrWfef especially, suited toL. D. Harrs andJoe Higgins areat French Lick Springs.Miss Irene Linehan is visitingfriends and relatives in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. Jos. M. Hall havegone to Boston, Mass., on a visit.Mrs. Chas. D. Webb is visitingMrs. Lula Hall Dunn, in Columbus, O.Miss Ettavieve Foote has returned from a visit to friends in Winchester. Miss Ella Wiedemann, of Cincinnati, is the guest of Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill. Miss Nannie Sims, of Carlisle, isa guest of Miss Katherine Wills, onHarmon Street.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas McDonaldhave gone to Swango Springs to remain two weeks.Miss Nell Percy Henry, or Mt.Sterling, is a guest of Miss MaymeFlanders, on Walker Avenue.Mrs. Hamlet Sharp and son, Mr.Cecil Sharp, of Maysville, are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. R. O. Turner.Mr. Robert C. Talbott has returned from Cincinnati, where he hasbeen under medical treatment.Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Dow have asguest Miss Maude Heacker, of Mineral Oil Springs, near Tate, Tenn.The Misses Dedman, of Cynthiana, were guests the past week oftheir aunt, Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft.Mrs. John F. Clark, of Lockland,O., is a guest of her father, Mr. W.H. H. Johnson, on Mt. Airy Avenue.Misses Marjorie Trisler and Willie Slattery were week-end guests ofMiss Willie Sweeney, near this city.Mrs. Logan Howard and littledaughter have returned from a visitto her mother, Mrs. Baker, in Lexington. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Reccius andMiss Anna Mae Reccius, of Louisville, are guests of friends near Clintonville. Mr. John A. Bower and son, Master John Bower, Jr., were guests ofthe former's parents in Boyle County,last week.Mrs. R. E. Flanders and daughter,Miss Mayme Flanders, have returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Mt. Sterling.Dr. and Mrs. Louis Frank motored from Louisville, Sunday, and spentthe day with relatives, returning Sunday evening.Mrs.. Alice Collins, of Louisville,is a guest of her sisters, Mrs. J. WillThomas and Mrs. Thomas Helm Clay,on Eighth Street.Mr. Ford Fithian, of Huntington,W. Va., is visiting his mother, Mrs.Mamie Fithian, and family, in theRobneel Building.Mrs. R. M. Hopkins and little son,of x- Covington, were guests severaldays last week of Mr. and Mrs. Thos.Helm Clay, on Eighth Street.Mrs. R. A. Dempsey and sister,Mrs. J. C. Kenner, and Mr. Chas.Lampe, of Covington, are guests ofMr. and Mrs. Sweeney Isgrigg.Mr. Charles Caldwell and daughter, Miss Harriet, have returned totheir home in Eminence, after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. Henry Stamler.Miss Alice Fisher and daughter,Miss Lottie, and son, Robert, of Carlisle, are guests of Mr. Frank Remington and sister, Miss Mayme Parrish,on Houston Avenue.Miss Anna Mea Towles, of Paris,Mo., is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. JohnTowles. Miss Ellen Towles will haveas guest this week Miss MargaretNichols, of Versailles.Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Weathers, ofCovington, were here several dayslast week as the guests of friends,while looking after their farm interests near Clintonville.Mrs. A J. Winters has returnedfrom a visit to Prof, and Mrs. Leo.Frankel, in Lexington. Prof, andMrs. Frankel accompanied her homeSunday and returned Sunday night.Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Haynes anddaughter, Miss Eleanor Haynes, ofFern Bank, O., have returned to theirhome, after a visit to the family ofMrs. S. Lilleston, on Higgins Avenue.Prof. R. M. Shipp, of Clifton,Tennessee, was a guest of his sisters,Mrs. Chas. E. Butler and Mr. MillardF. Kenney, in this city, Saturday and jSunday. He has been conducting theTeachers' Institute in Cynthana.Mr. F. S. Elder is visiting his oldhome in Cloverport, Ky., it being hisfirst visit there since 1888. He willbe accompanied home by his mother,who will make her son a visit herebefore returning to her home in Arkansas.Mrs. William G. Swearengen andchildren, who have been spendingpart of the summer with Mrs. Swearengen's father, Mr. George R. Davis,returned to Chicago, Sunday. Mr.Swearengen arrived Friday to accompany them home.Miss Mary Calnan has returned from Richmond, where she finisheda course at the Eastern KentuckyNormal School. Miss Calnan is ayoung woman of decided mental attainments and will make her mark inthe educational field.Mrs. Camilla Wilson will shortlyleave for Jacksonville, Fla., for avisit to her daughter, Mrs. J. I. Bronston. Mrs. Wilson will give up housekeeping soon, and will divide hertime between Mrs. Bronson and herson, Mr. Seymour Wilson, in NewYork.Miss Eleanor Clay is entertaininga bevy of beauties for St house party,at her home in the country this week.The- members of the party are MissesVellah Carrick and Lillian Julian, ofLexington; Frances Ferguson and Dora Lee Coombs, of Glasgow, and MissLucile Witherspoon, of LawrenceburgMiss Clay will entertain with a danceWednesday evening in honor of theparty.Miss Ruth Soper is entertaininga merry house party at the home ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. L. A. Soper, at Little Rock. Her guests include Misses Ruby Redwitz, of Har-rodsburg, Nora Congleton, Mary Lu-cas, JuaKe aaugnm, ana iiimuy congleton and Sam McCormick, aU ofLexington. The young people enjoy2d a hayride to Paris, Saturday night,the party also including Misses Blanche Crouch, Lavina Reynolds, Mabeland Ruth Soper, and Messrs. ElginDalaallQlle MoClmre and LawrinaSdper. They were chaperoned byMr. and Mrs. William Redmon.Miss Maude Adams Day returnedyesterday from a.visit of several daysto the family of Mr. A. T. Day, inLouisville.SHOWERS-BRING RELIEF.'Miss Edna Rankin, of Carlisle,and Cleo Miller, of Nicholasville, whowere the guests of Mrs. Homer Rankin, on Henderson Street last week,returned to their homes Sunday.Miss Viola Lewis, of Louisville,Miss Mary Rhodes and Aubyu Chinn,of Lexington, were the guests of MissHelen Daugherty the latter part oflast week. Miss Daugherty gave a delightful bridge party in their honoron Friday.The following Bourbon Countypeople are registered at Crab OrchardSprings: L. H. Atlas, E. R. Palmer, H.Sumper, Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Caldwelland Mrs. F. J. Caldwell, Paris; MissLavina Layson and Mr. I. V. Layson,..rsburg. imtWmiMlWM(Other Personals on Page 4.)THE FAIR.sConsidering quality, we areoffering you, beginning to-morrow,on the stroke of eight,some wonderful values, lastingthe entire week. Practicallyall the mills, wholesalers andimporters, are done with theirsummer business, counted up,taken inventory, and will gladly take a loss on numbers ofitems they have on handSeveral big cases of this classof merchandise has just arrived, and are now on display,The prices tell the story.Pure Aluminum Salt andPeppers, that sell regularly at10c, now 5c. ' Large size Safety pins, lc a dozen. ToothBrushes 5c. Nail Brushes 3c.One pound box Talcum Powder, assorted odors 7c box.large size 50q Turkey FeatherDusters, each 29c. Brass Extension Curtain Pole Brackets,per pair 8c. Tin Rim Sifters,only 5c. First Quality WhiteLined Milk or Pudding Pans,4-quart size, each 10c. Eightquart size in Gray Granite,strictly first quality, at 10ceach. Grandpa's Wonder -Soap2 cakes for 5c. Mason FruitJars, all sizes, at reduced prices; a fruit jar filler free witmevery dozen sold. TanglefootFly Paper, 4 sheets in a package for 5c; with every package a fly swatter given free.Butcher Knives 10c. BreadKnife 10c. Ham Slicing Knives10c, with every knife sold, animported Sharpening Stonegiven free. Nickel PlatedKnives and Forks, each 5 c.odd Cups, (no saucers) slightly chipped, 6 for 10c. FancyDecorated Butter or Pie Plates2 for 5c. Kitchen Racks, justthe thing for your kitchen,each 10c. Dish Pans, 14-qt.size, each 10c. Fruit Press, a20c regular seller, at 10.Quality Candies at Lowestprices just arrived, e'ntire newline of strictly Fresh Candies,at 10c a pound. Bib specialPure White After - DinnerMints, Pure Cream CenterFudge, Rainbow Cream Drops,made of fine Sugar Cream, abig line to select from, anda better line than we everhad before, and all at 10c apound,THE FAIRWhile Paris was visited Saturdayand Sunday with showers sufficient tocool the air "and bring at least temporary relief from the intense heatthe rest of the county was more fortunate, as rains of great value to thegrowing crops fell in nearly everysection of the country. The rainsfar more beneficial to the countryprecincts than in town, as the corn isnow in a critical stage, being inbloom, and needing rain to hasten theripening. Tobacco and grass are stillsuffering-from ' lack of rain. Heavyrains are reported from the headwaters of Stoner Creek, in Clark County,and a good stage of water is expectedsoon at the new dam of the ParisWater Co at Spears Mill, which isnow completed, and ready for thestorage of thousands of gallons of water. This insures Paris against anypossible danger 'of a water famine. .i'LAST BIG CUT 1Handsome R e s i -denceFor Sale.My residence on Mt. Airy is forsale. One of the most modern homesin Paris. Every' convenience. Prospective buyers are invited to inspectthe building and premises.(28jly-tf) MRS. M. A. PATONI TALCUM IWEATHER!These are the dayswhen Talcum Powdersells. We have everything in good Talcum.One of the best andthe most highly perfumedis Mulford's Ideal Talcum, 25c. The RiverisViolet in big glass jars isa fine value for a quarter.Also Jergen's Rose DeLorme in large cans, afine bath or general purpose Talcum: one poundcan 25c. We have theColgate's Cashmere Bouquet, Dactylis, Violet andBaby Talcum at 15c and25c the can. Mermen'sBorated, Babcock's Corylypsis and many others.We can 'give you a finepowder for a dime.j Peoples PharmacyPARIS, KY.2 Doyle Buiidin g8th and Main.I "Watch Our Windows."ONSUMMER GOODS! S' ''An Opportunity to Buy Beautiful New gLAWNS, RATINES, CREPES, DRESS LINHtt Jand Mrny Novelty Wash Goods at BigReductions. '200Shirt Waists To '- - .,Close Out at Half Price-A Few CREPE and MUSLIN UNDERGARMENTS,Slightly Mussed During Our Sale, atBARGAIN PRICES. .IW. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.5feg3lW c" mm'm 'Pil-.Ihirr-efi"I I HOT WEATHER SPECIALSix Iced Tea Glasses,Six Iced Tea Spoonsand Six CoastersyAUL FOR$4.50XrC. O. HINTONKODAKTHE J. T. MNTON CO.REMARKABLEAndTo Be RememberedREDUCTIONSLET THECHILDRENKODAKThey will enjoytaking picturesthe simple, easyKodak Way.You will be gladto have a picturestory of vacationdays.KODAKS, $5.00 up.BROWNIE CAMERAS, they worklike Kodaks, $1.00 to $12.00.ON5Porch. Swings,Porch Chairs,Lawn Springs,Lawn Benches,'Hammocks,Porch ShadesAND REFRIGERATORSiiM'DaughertyBros,TTlie prices on these goods are ridicWlouslv low, and are made for CASHONLY. Charged at regular prices. ; Seewindows.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36 rUndertaking Ambulance Wood Mantels-a14iM,!'ar-FJ.-Vy--'til ... z' IU','it'...fc. .--. V ,f ' i- k r ,.THE BOURBON itNEW&PARIS' 'JSX, JULYv28.4 ltl44 " (TiQF'fWj'W rvZV8T "nurMaster's Sale.J30URBON CIRCUIT COURT.Mary S. Weathers, &c, - PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sale.J. F .Cook & Co., &c., - DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmento the Bowbon Circuit Court, rendered in the above styled action at theJune term, 1914, of the Bourbon Circuit Court, the undersigned MasterCommissioner will sell at Public Auctioo. to the highest and best bidder atthe Court House door, in the city of!Paris, Ky., onMONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1914.at about the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,the following described property:The undivided one-eighth interestof tiie defendant, Claude Weathers, inremainder subject to the life estateof Jiis mother, Mrs. Mary S. Weathers,, in a tract of about 70 acres of landowned by Mrs. Mary S. Weathers forlife, with remainder to her children,located in Bourbon County, Kentucky,on. the Paris and Clintonville turnpike, adjoining the C, Alexander estate and B. P. Stipp. Said tract of70 acres consists of 55 acres of landconveyed to the said Mary S Weathers-byher father, John Stipp, bydeed of record in the office of theClerk of the Bourbon County Court inDeed Book: 71, page 275, and the remaining 15 acres was devised to herby the will of her father, John Stipp,recorded in the office of said Clerk,in Will Book U, page 97, to which willreference is made.Said sale will be made to satisfy ajudgment of the plaintiff, ElizabethJameson, for the sum of $600.00. withinterest from January, 14, 1903, untilpaid, subject to the following credits:$36.00, February 2, 1914.$36.00, March 25, 1905.$164.00, February 12, 1906.$36.00, February 12, 1906.$26.00, March 7, 1907.. $100.00, March 7, 1907.$8.07, October 1, 1907.$21.00, March 1, 1908.$21.00, April 14, 1909.And the further judgment of Mrs.Mary S. Weathers to repay hervtheabove set out credits as paid by heras surety, to Mrs. Jameson. Saidpayments bearing interest from thedate of each payment until paid andthe further judgment of Smith Watkins Co., for S146.10, with interestfrom the 31st day of August, 1914, until paid and $8.85 costs. Said debt being subject to the following credits:$11.00, February 9, 1905.$20.00, April 8, 1905.$5.00, July 5, 1905.$5.00, October 30, 1905.$5.00, December 28, 1905.$10.00, January 13, 1906. .Said lien of Smith-Watkins Co., issuperior to all other liens except theabove set out liens in favor of Mrs.Elizabeth Jameson and Mrs. Mary S.Weathers. And the further judgment of J. F. Cook & Co., for 690.00-with interest from April 12, 1906, until paid and $8.60 costs subject to thefollowing credits:$20.00, March 19, 1906.$4.15, November 21, 1906.120.00, March 28, 1907.$16.25, April 16th, 1907.$20.00, July 19,1907.$12.00, November 8, 1907.$14.00, February 8, 1908.Together with the costs of this action, amounting to $ .Said sale will be made upon acredit of six and twelve months forequal 'parts of the purchase money,the purchaser being required to execute T)ond for equal installments ofthe purchase price, with good suretyto be approved by the Master Commissioner, bearing interest at the ratef 6 per cent, per annum from date of-sale until paid, and payable to caid3ommissioner, and to have the forceand effect of a judgment.c. a. McMillan,(3ulyl7-24-31) M. C. B. C. C.M. F. Kenney Auct.Master's Sale !BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Cordelia Clark, et al, - - PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sa'Ie.William Rice and John Rice,DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmento the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the above styled action at theJune term, 1914, of the Bourbon Circuit Court, the undersigned MasterCommissioner will sell at public auction, to the highest and best bidder atthe Court House door in the City ofParis, Ky., onMONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1914,Mt about the hour of 11 o'clock, a. m.,the following described property:A certain lot of land in the countyaforesaid -designated on the plat of'the lands of said Samuel H. Clay,laM off into lots as Lot No. 84, saidflat of lands known as Claysville,-reference being had to said platrecorded with the deed from saidH. Clay to Jackson Moore, oftogether with the premises be-loaginc or appertaining thereto."8ai4 sale will be made upon a credit of ix and twelve months for equalpert of the purchase money, the purchaser tbeing required to execute bondlor eual parts of the purchase pricewith good surety to be approved by'the Vaster Commissioner and payable'to. said Commissioner, bearing interest at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum from date of sale until paid, orthe urcfeaer, may at his option, paythe urchaee price any time beforematurity, of said bonds by paying theriocjel and interest due to the dateof payment, and to have the force andeffect of a judgment, or the purchaseraay pay .the purchase price at anytfaae toefore maturity.c.A. McMillan,JeIrt7-M4a "M.'i3. B.C. C.W ? &9gfW2 j.,jxuji jemjEMastefs Sale.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Mary Spencer and Levi Spencer,her husband, Pearl Patton andJim Patton, her husband, TomDuffey, Amanda Stars andJohn Starsr her husband,PlaintiffsVs Notice of Sale.Louise Harden, an Infant Underthe Age of 14 Years, Lewis Williams and Emmett Reed,DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court rendered in the above styled action at theJune' term, 1914, of the Bourbon Circuit Court, the undersigned MasterCommissioner will sell at Public Auction to the highest and best bidderat the Court House door, in the Cityof Paris, Ky., onMONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1914,at about the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,the following described property:All that tract of land in BourbonCounty, Ky., in Claysville, a suburbof the City of Paris, and described ona plat of the suburb of Claysville, ofrecord in the office of the BourbonCounty Court Clerk, and known anddesignated at No. 102. Said lot fronting 50 feet on Watson Street and running back between parallel lines ofequal width 190 feet, and being thesame property conveyed to Ike Duffyby the Master-Commissioner of theBourbon Circuit Court and of recordin the office of the Clerk of theBourbon County Court, Deed Book 70,page 58.Said sale will be made upon a credit of six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase money, the purchaser being required to executebond for equal installments of thepurchase price, with good surety, tobe approved by the Master Commissioner, payable to the said Commissioner, bearing interest at the rate of6 per cent, per annum from date ofsale until paid, or purchaser may iiavethe privilege of paying cash, shouldhe so desire, and to have the forceand effect of a judgment.c. a. McMillan,(julyl7-24-31) M. C. B. C. C.M. P. Kenney, Auct.Master's Sale.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.South Strong, - - -VsNotice of Sale.PlaintiffSusie Watkins, Admrx. of John- Watkins, deceased, A. W. Cot-tngham ,Tom Watkins and Susie Watkins, - - - DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the above styled action at theJune term, 1914, of the Bourbon Circuit Court, the undersigned MasterCommissioner will sell at Public Auction to the highest and best bidder, atthe Court House door in the City ofParis, Ky., onMONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1914,at about the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,the following described property:A certain lot of land situated in theCity of Paris, Bourbon County, Kentucky, and designated as Lot No. 14,on the plat of the Fair Grounds Addition to the City of Paris, Kentucky.Said lot fronts 50 feet on Brent Streetand runs back of the same width asthe front of the L. & N. RailroadCompany, the North line of the samebeing 96 feet in length, the South lineof the same being 98.3 feet in lengthand is the same property conveyedto J. H. Watkins by Holt Henry, &c,by deed dated July 29, 1911, and recorded in County Court, in Deed Book98, page 362.Said sale will be made to satisfy ajudgment of the plaintiff, SouthStrong, for the sum of $200.00, withinterest from March 18, 1912, and?4.50 costs, together with the costs ofthis action, amounting toSaid sale will be made upon a credit of six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase money, the purchaser being required to executebond for equal installments of thepurchase price, with good surety, tobe approved by the Master Commissioner, payable to said Commissioner,bearing interest at the rate of 6 percent, per annum from date of sale until paid, or purchaser may have theprivilege of paying cash, should he sodesire, and to have the force andeffect of a judgment.C. A. MCMILLAN,(julyl7-24-31) M. C. B. C. C.M. P. Kenney Auct.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolyed in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority."Wpmeawho .have been cured gayJit is "jjrorth its weight in gold." Atarngitst ooc. large box, or by smail.The Jtotqa Toilet Co., Boston, 'Mas.Master's Sale.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Harmon Stittv - - - - PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Anderson Ayers andWinnie Ayers,DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the above styled action at theJune trm, 1914, of the Bourbon CircuitCourt, the undersigned Master Commissioner will sell at Public Auctionto the highest and best bidder at theCourt House door, in the City ofParis, Ky., onMONDAY, AUGUST 3,1914,at about the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,the following described property:That certain house and lot situatedon the North side of the Paris andGeorgetown turnpike, in the City ofParis, Kentucky, fronting 35 feet onsaid pike and extending back towardsthe old Georgetown pike 120 feet tothe line of Riley Small, adjoining onthe East the lot of Martin Murray, onthe west line of John Ware, and being the same property conveyed toAnderson Ayers by C. A. McMillan,Special Commissioner.Said sale will be made to satisfythe judgment of the plaintiff againstthe defendant for the sum of $233.11,with interest from March 25th, 1908,subject to a credit of $100.00 as ofMay 23, 1909, and the costs of thisaction amounting to ? .Said sale will be made upon a credit of six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase money, the purchaser being required to executebond for equal installments of thepurchase price with good surety to beapproved by the Master Commissioner, payable to said Commissioner,bearing interest at the rate of 6 percent, per annum from date of sale until paid, or purchaser may have theprivilege of paying cash, should he sodesire, and to have the force andeffect of a judgment.c. a. McMillan,(julyl7-24-31) M. C. B. C. C.M. F. Kenney Auct.THE JACKASS HONOREDThe will of I. M. Cook, probated atShelbyville, provides that his graveshall be marked by a plain monument"with the image of a jack carvedthereon." This is the first time, within our knowledge, that the paternalancestor of the mule has been honored by being given position upon amonument. But spare the deceasedMr. Cook your thoughtless merriment.He was a breeder of jacks and jennets. As such he learned to appreciate the fine points of the useful animal with the long ears and penetrating voice. He heard and loved theearly morning song of the jackass asothers hear the mockingbird at sunrise. He exhibited the jackass in allof his peculiar beauty at county fairsand won many a blue ribbon. It isgreatly to his credit that he liked theanimals to whose breeding he devotedhimself. Mr. Cook and his jacks werea constructive factor in Shelby County, where some rattling good mulesare produced.We read once in a Kentucky novelthat a certain eminent ConfederateGeneral who late in life sought consolation in the bosom of the church,fondly and confidently expected torace his favorite thoroughbred uponthe green turf of the Hereafter. Maybe I. M. Cook, late of Shelby County,did not hope to be awakened by thestrident notes of the braying jackassinstead of by Gabriel's horn, but hedid wish to give the jackass his dueas a friend on earth even if he couldnot hope to meet him in Paradise.Frankfort State Journal.The old-fashioned woman who usedto do her hair up in a door-knob twistnow has a daughter who has a $19.89Psyche locked up in the top dresserdrawer.PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.LVe. Court House.7:10 a m7.45 a m8.15 a m8.45 a m9.15 a m9.45 a m10.15 a m10.45 a m11.15 a m11.45 a m12:05 p m ,12.45 p m1.15 p m1.45. p m2.15 p m2.45 p m3.15 p m3.45 p m4.15 p m5.15 p m5.40 p m6.05 p m6.30 p mCity Limits Only.Lve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p' m3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m-. 6.40 p mKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.InterurbanLeave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 am10:20 a m11:50 a m '1:20 p m ,2:50 q. m3:30 p mSchedule.Leave Paritfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:20 p m, A T-4:du p m5:15 p m6:05 p m,6:50 p m8:15 p m...10:05 pjn5:uu p m6:00 p m7:20p m'.9:10 -am11:00 p m vDally, except Sunday,UNDERGROUND WATERS OF' INDIANA.Useful Report and Maps Can Be HadFrom United States Geological Survjey. '. The underground waters of northcentral Indiana and their quality, volume, and chemical characteristics areexhaustively discussed in Water-SupplyPaper 254 of the United StatesGeological Survey. The field invitations on which the report is basedwere made in order to supply" communities, municipalties and water usersgenerally in this region with information as to the quantity, character, distribution, accessibility andproper safeguarding of the availableground-water supplies, which, withthe increasing population of surfacewaters by industry, wastes and agrowing population, and becomingmore and more important.North-central Indiana not only includes many closely settled farmingand manufacturing centers, but is anarea in which there has been extensive development of the oil and gasindustries, and hence a particulaardemand has arisen for reliable information on which to base a properpractice in water-supply development.Expensive and Useless DrillingDeep-well drilling should not be attempted without some knowledge ofthe natural conditions. The geologists and engineers of the GeologicalSurvey know of many wells that havebeen drilled from 600 to 2,000 feet indepth in places where an expert couldhave foretold with certainty that little or no water would result. Not infrequently people write to the Surveythat they have spent hundreds or perhaps thousands of dollars in drillingto great depths and inquire whetherthey should go deeper. An examination of the geologic maps or data athand has more than once brought thereply that the formation being drilled was not water-bearing. As theeditor of one newspaper remarks:"There are numerous enterprisinggentlemen who are glad to bore asnear China as their machinery, willreach at so much per foot. The manwho wants a well bored frequentlyhas the idea that if he is 'game'enough he will strike water. If thereis probably water at 100 feet, ofcourse, mere must be more at 2,000feet, he argues. As a matter of fact,the' lowest limit of the water he islooking for may be 100 feet, as anvgeologist who has investigated mighttell him. But the man who is boringtiie well is primarily a well-borer, sohe often encourages the 'erameness'of his mistaken patron. It formerlywas necessanly a matter of guesswork, but nowadays it need not be.'Report is Distrifcuted Free of Charge.water-supply Paper 254 is a comprehensive report of nearly 300 pagescontaining maps showing the waterbearing formations and their variousdepths, a large number of well records, and other useful information.Eighty-three acres in which artesianwens occur were visited and theiroutlines mapped. Especial attentionwas given in the field work to thewater conditions in communities having public supplies, and recommedations are made in the report as topossible improvements where suchsupplies are inadeauate or show badsanitary conditions. Copies of the report may oe obtained tree on application to the Director, United StatesGeological Survey, Washington, D. C.URED OF INDIGESTION.Mrs. Sadie P. Clawson, Indiana, Pa.,was bothered with indigestion. "Mystomach pained me night and day,"she writes. "I would feel bloated andhave headache and belching aftereating. I also suffered from constipation. My daughter had used Chambelain's Tablets and they did her somuch good that she gave me a fewdoses of them and insisted upon mytrying them. They helped me as nothing else has done." For sale by alldealers,(adv-july)The fonder a woman is of dress theless of it she wears.Of BOURBON POULTRY CUREflowna chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops in thedrinking -water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, ZyINSURANCEAGAINSTPIRE,WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINT0N,1 AGENT. JfOld. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, see xme. ' XBLUE GRASS PARK!Bathing and Boating.Free- DANCING -FreeAfternoon and Evening.r:r onefH.NlMuskbySchmnl'sOrchra0 'B. . .. , -, , ,,U11,U! r"tJra IPMKrmm J. SME POLISHES! Thomas &t:Fire, Wind,Lightning Insurance!Protect Your GrowingTobacco AgainstHAILzSOnly First-Class CompaniesRepresentedSTAPLEGROCERIESALSOAll 4-V Trvts oVtlc, :JkXX 1XJ.C7 VOf the. OUR LINE OFCanned GoodsCannot Be ExcelledIN. A. MOORE.Sauer's!wWwwwwWWWwWwWvKINDLYBros. Depanmem Siore,m.fnjbiThe best poKriii hi' the handiert boxBIac!c,Taaad WhiteThe F. R d alley Co.LTD.BatfaIo,N.Y.HaauItAa. Oaf.Woodford !mm999999O9:& FANGYf:7CUCllS.LC7J3SeasonOld StandGreatBargainSaleNowGoing On!Greater Bar. gains than youhave ever before heard of inParis.-a.CALL I AT. XOMHH&Stsrftpis, WAwvti :v" ..-' st'FV?4-a-? ..h t Jkz- Jybe ifav . lru,.-iJ&. .i-Am, "1 ?" .,'- v-r -v." , JL. I . J '&'t1HE ;BOURBONNtWS; PARlSirKEiNTUGKYMJULY 28 1914"vHELP THE' BAD BOY.JUST IN TIME.r?. - - - - -'uufl IUneeda BiscuitTempt the appetite,please the taste andnourish the body.Crisp, clean and fresh5 cents in the moistureproof package.Baronet BiscuitRound, thin, tenderwith a delightful flavorappropriate forluncheon, tea anddinner. 10 cents.Give the helping hand to the smallboy who is also a bad boy. Give hima chance. A boy isn't necessarily allbad because he tells a fib or lootsan orchard.Put them on their honor, theseyouthful offenders, and 'see how theycome back. A boy is not necessarilymoral or mentally deficient becausehe tells a lie. First remember thatthe child must have an understandingof right and wrong.A child may steal and still not bedefective. There is an apparentweakness in a case of this kind, butthere are milder methods of correction. Cigarette smoking is not a stamp ofdefectiveness. It's the result of environment. It is a mistake, in my opinion, totreat a minor offender as a defectivebecause of some petty offense.Don't makea boy believe he is bad.A commission of alients or a so-calledpsychologist may make a mistake andmank a normal child for life. Falmouth Pendletonian.ZuZuPrince of appetizers.Makes daily trips fromGinger-Snap Land towaiting mouths everywhere. Say Zu Zu tothe grocer man, 5 cents.A man's foot is the only thing thatit uglier than a woman's elbow.Some Paris People May Wait Till It'sToo Late.Headacheis one of the common symptoms of womanly trouble, andthe cause has to be removedbefore you can rid yourself of itentirely. A medicine that merely kills pain, do'es not go to theseat of the trouble, and kill thecause. What you need is awoman's medicine one whichacts directly, yet gently, on thewomanly organs.TAKEDon't wait until too late.JBe sure to be in time.Just in time with kidney ills.Means curing the backache, the dizziness, the urinary disordersThat so often come with, kidneytroubles.Doan's Kidney Pills are for thisvery purpose.Here is testimony to prove theirmerit.Mrs. B. F. Ball, 718 Lancaster St.,Lexington, Ky., says: "One of ourfamily was sick for three monthsfrom kidney trouble and a lame back.He had sharp pains in his back andwas so lame and sore that he couldn'tturn in bed without help. His limbsached day and night and swelled badly. His head ached and he often gotdizzy. He was irritable and hadtrouble from irregurar passages ofthe kidney secretions. If the secretions stood for a little while, therewas a dark sediment deposited. Hedoctored and tried all kinds of kidneyremedies, but nothing helped him .until he used Doan's Kidney Pills.Three boxes drove away all thetroubles."Price 50c, at all druggists. Don'tsimmy ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Bell recommends. Foster-Mii-burnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y.1913 A RECORD YEAR INTIMBER PRESERVATION.N,lATHE EXPRESS ism THIS TOWNAND IN TO STA YFOR seventy-five years three-quartersof a century the express hasbeen the right-hand of the shippers ofcommercial America. The express cameto Paris in 1854, and it came to stay.For 50 years it has been the right-handof commercial Paris.It is here to stay. The other daywhen reports went out that the expresscompanies might retire from business, aprotest went up. From whom this protest the express companies?merchants of the countryeverywhere petitioned Congress, thatno action might be taken that mighthave the effect of forcing the expresscompanies to retire. Commercial organizations all over the land have joinedin this appeal to Washington.For seventy-five years in the pastand for a good many years in the future Express Service will meanH AINo! The-shippersThe most notable progress yet recorded in the chemical treatment oftimber to prevent decay was made in1913, according to a report recentlyissued by the American Wood Preservers' Association, in co-operationwith the forest service of the department of agriculture.The report states that 93 woodpreserving plants in 1913 consumedover 108 millions of creosote oil, 26million pounds of dry zinc chloride,and nearly 4 million gallons ot otnerliquid preservatives. With these theplants treated over 153 million cubicfeet of timber, or about 23 per cent.mnrA thnn in 1912. The outbut fromunrecorded wouldtPERSONAL SERVICE-FULL RESPONSIBILITYAdams Express CompanyJOHN DEAN, Agent.Office L. & N. Passenger DepotCumberland Phone 425ISUCH IS POLITICS.Because her husband made campaign and political speeches at night,Mrs. Anna H. Davis, wife of B. W.Davis, secretary to a Congressmanfrom Georgia, has applied for divorce.She claims that he gesticulates soviolently that he would upset the furniture, and that, although he was sogenerous with his oratory, he hasonly bought her "two cheap dresses"since they were- married, in 1912.Buy biscuit baked byNATIONALBISCUITCOMPANYAlways look for that nameKThe Woman's TonicAfter having used C a r d u i,Miss Ltllie Gibson, of Chriseman, Texas, writes: '."Aboutthree years ago, I was justentering womanhood, and wassick in bed for nearly ninemonths. Sometimes I wouldhave such headaches, and other aches, I could hardly standit. I tried Cardui, and now Iam cured of all my troubles. Ishall praise Cardui as long as Ilive." Cardui is the medicineuwtiMd. Trvit E-69arMiinnnl Til antsinnraoeA the totals eiven. This is an uncertain .world. TheTmnrPCTiation of wood witii oils anu same head that wears tne ljaureichemicals to increase its resistance Wreath to-day may be the receivingto decay and insect attack, tne re- station for a flock of bricks to-mor-nort goes on to say, is an inuubuy row.which has become important in recent years. In Great Britain andand most of the European countriespractically every wooden cross-tie andtelephone or telegraph pole receivesTocArvntivfi treatment. In the TJnit-a cfoaI- locc than SO ner cent, ofWHEN YOU ARE NERVOUSyou have the first symptom of a run-downcustom . and nervous oeoiue too uneu wu ,ed States less man du per ceui. y ""l their aches and pains and suffer inthe 135 million cross-ties annually ",3 , this condittoaconsumed are treated, and the proper X'1 morf serious trouble.Safe InvestmenttT.optmpnt. of an annual consumptionof 4 million poles may be said to havescarcely commenced.Real progress in the United Statesdates from 1832, when the Kyanizins process, using bichlorides of mer-cury, was aaoptea. in j-ooi ll uiu-,pc.qo worp innrifincea. iub jdui-nett process using zinc chloride, anathe Bethel process using coai uu i-osote. These last processes are veiyinr-roiv in iisp.' t.o-dav.rV. irioa of timber reservation atfirst made very slow growth in this,. nn opponnt. nt tne lanre suu-ply of cheap and durable timbers and j gthe general aisregaru &iw" "ward economy in the use of naturalresources. In 1885 there were onlyfi00 nrpsRiire nlants in the unitedStates; and in 1395 only 15. Sincethen, however, the industry has grownrapidly; in 1913 there were 117 plants.If those so afflicted would stop takingmedicine containing alcohol or drugS(which menace the foundations of health,!and just take the pure, strengthening,nourishment in Scott's Emulsion, it would,create new blood to pulsate through theorgans, refresh their bodies and build upthe whole nervous system. It is rich,,sustaining nourishment, free from wines, Jalcohols or drugs. Shun substitutes, iKENTUCKY STATE FAIR, SEPT. 14th to 19th, 1914$3,000 SADDLE HORSE STAKE$1,000 UghtHarn... Stake $1,000 Ra.tarSrfStudent's Judging Contest Farmer Boy McammmTROTTING AND PACING RACES EACH DAYFine Exhibits of Horses, Cattle, Swine, Sheep, Poultry, FieldSeed and Grain, Horticulture and Woman' HandiworkCLEAN MIDWAY AND FREE ATTRACTIONSGRANDFIREWORKSDISPLAY"BATTLE OF MEXICO"Reduced Railroad Rate. ForCsueEBI-kA-J. L. DENT, Secretary,s p,1 Innpi Buildin. LOUISVILLE, KY.T-W1X1.BrosGives advice to all the people of Parisand Bourbon County to invest their moneyanClothing, Shoes,Hats, Caps,Underwear, Etc.They will give you one hundred cents onthe dollar on your merchandise investment.Call in and see them-L. WOLLSTEIIN, Prop.HENRY FORD DISCOURSES ' !ON BUSINESS CONUl I iuino. gSHOWING OFFIRELESSCOOKERS83'ssfc$:$:$::::WBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetHftlitHenry Ford, the multimillionaireautomobile manufacturer, whose risein the business world is one of themost remarkable achievements ofAmerican genius and whose ten million dollar grofit sharing plan hasmade him ar national character, recently visited the White House andhad a conference with President Wilson. Here is what Mr. Ford saidabout present business conditions:t v.PiiPVP. and I think practicallyevery other business man believes,that most of the evils aimea at iu tutsPresident's program exist and oughtto be obviated. I am convinced thatit would be for the best interests ofthe country to pass the anti-trustlegislation. I think it would have &settling effect and would aid in gringing on the extra prosperity to whichiiQ nmiTitrv is entitled. I hope Congress will finish the work before itadjourns. There is absolutely notn-ing wrong wun uusme. m jtrouble is that some people seempessimistic. If every one wiuld onlycheer up and attend to his businessthis calamity talk would stop immediately. My own business is fifty percent., better than it was last year!"Mr. Ford also told the President thathe saw no evidence of any sort ofvmciiriPSK degression, psychologicallyof otherwise, and that in his opinionbusness was getting better all thetime.DON'T READ IT.F It 1 -;-,Ct&sMM JJ 11 IIIPH II c IE ffcr" fxv ' 1111 aThat save so many good housekeepers from the heat and willmake your cooking much easier.You can do your cooking whiledown town doing your shopping.Nothing will burn. Prices, t$8,00 up to $28.00L 0 feSWe Take Pleasure.min ooing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous foi fine work and itdever goes bBck on its reputation. -If you are particularohnnf. "hnw vour linen isf5S laundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like to mappreciateemBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.We frequently hear the criticismpassed that the churches of Americaare spending millions to convert theheathen, while thousands are going tothe devil -within a stone' s tnrow olthe church.At first thought, this seems like ananomalous situation. But it is theway of the world. Those to whom anarftaiiinriv imDortant missionarymessage is directed are usually, theybecome affected by relaxation, aimthe labor put forth elsewhere becomes not invain in the analyss ofthe final result. By saving other nations, America may save herself.The logic whereof applies very pertinently in the newspaper field in agreat many localities. The localmerchant, who has his home paper alwnvR with him. boosting his gamegenerally for him, working for commuinty uplift and advancement, issometimes the last to fully appreciateits value to him in a direct businessWay. He waits until the national advertiser1 practically takes it away fromhim and-then, he will wake up andwnnripr who has been nayinr the bills;'whil, Rip yan'-'WinkJerwa asleep."Refrigerators!A few more refrigerators leftat a big reduction. Let us showyou. Alsoget the prices.$6.75 up to $30.Porch Chairs and SwingsFor the Comforts During the HotjDays., A Big Saving.A. P. Wheeler Furniture 06.Mainland Third CHAS.rGREEN, Mgr. Opp. Cou'.it. fe. 9H- :f-k1-; -j,.,....,. ..im iiinnTiitiiT ---- .-. ' ' f., t fe. r ? i t-C. t" &-&yJ"5r ,f1 rv 4.THE BOURBON NEWS, tARIS, KY., JULY, 28 1914I"-cVTO-DAYSIS THE OPENING OF THErvMILLERSBURG CHAUTAUQUA.VACATION DAYS AT HOME.:t 'iEntertainment Twice Daily In the Big Tent,- SivBUY TICKETS NOWBARROW'S BODY RECOVERED.sAfter a search of twelve days thebody of David Barrow, Jr., of Lexington, who was drowned in Lake Michigan, near Ludington, Mich., wasfound Sunday morning by the lifesavers' patrol, about five miles fromthe point at which he lost his life.The hody was taken to the stationand viewed by the authorities andidentified by Dr. Woolfolk Barrow, ofLexington, beyond all doubt by meansof a scar from an operation for appendicitis, and one on the forehead froma skating accident.Dr. Woolfolk Barrow left yesterdayfor Lexington with the body.SUNBURN AND TAN.One who comes back from a summer vacation without what is commonly called a good health tan is regarded as not having taken full "advantage of his opportunities. Mostpeople feel that in getting themselveswell tanned they have done something meritorous, something that, inan obscure way, is beneficial to theirhealth and well-being. So strong isthe superstition that people will somesometimes vountarily submit theirarms and faces to painful sunburn,and rejoice in the subsequent mahoganizing of their skin. As a matter offact, there is no .special virtue in acoat of tan. It is the protection that'unaided nature attempts to supply tothe skin when it is attacted by thedamaging ultra-violet rays. It filtersthe sunlight, and it that way weakensor eliminates the force of the rays.There is no reason for compelling nature to take theseNpreventive measures. A sun hat of light brown orgreen will perform the same servicemore efficiently.The ultra violefc rays have the meritof destroying germs; but few personsit may be believed, feel it necessaryto acquire a coat of tan for that purpose. 'In hot weather, it is well known,the color of clothes is important. Certain clothes heighten discomfort; others-greatly reduce it. Anyone freelyexposed in very hot weather to thered rays, is apt to suffer from overexcited nerves; in fact, to these raysmost cases of sunstroke may be attributed. Red clothing offers themfree passage, and is therefore not desirable. Blue is also undesirable, forit offers no protection against the ultra-violetrays. Green is of all colors the coolest and most restful. Themost comfortable rooms in hot weather are those decorated in green. Theyhave the fulther advantage of being,for some reason, especially unattractive to the house fly. Youth's Companion.Some of the girls in the extremelytight skirts look nobby and otherslook knobby.NEWS OF MILLERSBURGMiss Ruth Ardery, of Cynthiana,is a guest of her brother, Mr. SamArdery.Mr. Howard Judy, of Lexington,was the guest of his uncle, Mr. J. B.Cray, and family, Sunday and Monday. Elizabeth, the little daughter ofDr. and Mrs. J. D. Calhoun, who wasquite ill a few days ago, is improvingnicely.The home of Mrs. Bell, nearCooktown, was struck by lightningSunday afternoon and entirely destroyed. But little of the householdgoods were saved.All persons desiring rooms duringthe week of the, Chautauqua can getsame at the M. T C. at . $2 for theseason. Call on or address Dr. C. C.Fisher, of the M. F. C. .Mrs. Elizabeth Stirman ancKdaughter, Miss Estelle, will move toCampton this week, where Miss Stirman has accepted a position as music teacher in the Methodist Church.Mr. John Shay continues verymuch the same; Mr. J. J. Peed isslightly improved, and was able to beon the veranda a little while duringthe week; Mrs. J. A. Miller continuesvery much the same. ,All persons desiring to attend theMillersburg Chautauqua can procuretable board at 35c for single meal,75c for three consecutive meals, or$4 for the week. Good service guaranteed. My table will be furnishedwith the best the market affords.DR. C. C. FISHER.Miss Malmie D. Long, and guest,Miss May Hughes, of Chicago, 111.,returned Saturday, after a weeks'outing at Torrent and Jackson. MissHughes, who has never visited Kentucky before, was much impressedwith the grandeur of the Kentuckymountain scenery. xMr. Isaac Feeback. of Headquarters, aged about- 65, died Saturday at11 a. m., after a lingering illness atthe home of his daughter, Mrs. R. M.Smith- He is survived by two children, Mrs. R. M. Smith and one son,Mr. Jessie Feeback. The funeral tookDlace Sunday at 3 p. m., from his lateI home, services by Dr. E. G. B. Mann,of Lexington. Interment in Carlislecemetery.The Chautauqua tent was stretched Saturday and everything is now inreadiness for the meeting, which willbegin this afternoon. You have but ashort time to purchase your seasontickets. Buy them now so that youmay enjoy every number. Rememberwhen the gates open the prices willadvance. The fourteen entertainments will cost you less than 15capiece by taking season tickets.About two weeks ago it was givenout by the managers of the movingpicture house that they desired thatthe theatre should have a name, andoffered a first and second prize forthe one suggesting the best twonames. The names were decided onSaturday night and made known tothe public. Mrs. W. D. Mclntyrewins the first prize in giving thename of the theatre "Mount Joy."The second prize was won by MissBessie Purnell, who called it "Alpha."The third prize was given to MissRuth McClintock, who presented thename of "Marie Blanche."THEATRICALThe Columbia Today.The Columbia WednesdayA Paris boy will be seen in "TheMillion Dollar Mystery," Wednesdayafternoon and evening at the Columbia Theatre. The Third episode of,1'The Million Dollar Mystery" will beshown at the .Columbia Theatre Wednesday, July 29, and this picture willbe very interesting to the people ofParis, as .Maurice Burnaw, of thiscity, will be seen dancing with FloLabadie, one of the big stars in thismagnificent picture. It will be wisefor the people to watch this picturevery closely, as the ball room scenewhere Mr. Burnaw will be seen dancing the Maxixe and other famousdances with leading moving pictureactors, is one of the strongest of the.series.THAVIU'S BAND AT THEFAIR GROUNDS, AUGUST 2.The Thaviu Band, which comes tothe Paris Fair Grounds Sunday, Aug2, for a matinee performance, ranksas one of the best musical organizations in the country. The band isplaying its second week's engagement at the Cincinnati Zoo, and willcome here direct from the Zoo for theSunday- performance. Thaviu willpresent a popular program which isassured to please" all manner oftastes. Remember the engagemnt isfor one performance only, in the afternoon. ...FINED FOR VIOLATING "-. THE STATE GAME LAWS.g-m n r 1THE GREAT SHOEAmazing Will Be the Money Saving Opportunities at OurCASH RAISING SALE!Lots of High Grade Men's, Women's and Children's Shoes at Such Extremely Low Prices that All will Regret who Do Not Attend It.PORCH SHADESWe sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.A. F. WHEELER & CO.(5-tf)State Game Warden Geo. M. Hill,of Paris, Deputy Game Warden A. C.Scott, and County Game Warden T.H. Freeman, of Bloomfield, caughtand arrested Thomas, Allie, , Elridge,and Charles Pinkston, Fjrank, Lakeand Henry Robinson for violating thegame laws in Washington, Marionand Nelson counties. They were tried before Judge Riley, at Willisburg,for hunting on the Chaplin River, andeach was fined $25 and costs.HOME BOY IN MOVIES.Maurice Burnaw will be seen in the3rd series of the Million Dollar Mystery at the Columbia Theatre, Wednesday, July 29.There was a time when you couldnot tell whether a girl was made outof dry goods or the real thing. Wesaid there WAS a time.Removal Notice.In the future my office wlil be atClarke's Drug Store. Any telephonecall at that place for me will receiveprompt attention.H. M. HAMILTON,(28-3t) Veterinary Surgeoon.ATTENTION, ILadies' White Canvas Shoes andBaby Doll Pumps, $3.00 values, at $1.49Ladies' Patent Colt or Dull KidBaby Doll Pumps, $3.50 values,at $1.99 and $1.49Ladies' Wh'te Canvas ColonialPumps, Best Makes, $3.00 values at $1.99 and $1.49Ladies' Colonial Pumps, FrenchHeel $3.00 Values.. $1.99 and $1.49Ladies' Colonial Pumps, miloShoes, $5.00 values. .$2.99 and $2.49Lad'es' Kid Oxfords, $2.50 valuesat '. $1.49Lad'es' Suede Button Oxfords,$5.00 values, at $1.99.Ladies' Suede 2-Strap Pumps,$3.00 values, at $1.49Ladies' Gun Meta'J Oxfords, $2.00valires, at ggcMen Walk-Over Oxfords, $4.50values at ... $2.99Men's Tan Rubber Sole Oxfords,$4.00 values, at $2.49Men's Tan and BlackRubber SoleOxfords, Goodyear Welts, $4.50values, at ..$2.99Men's Tan and Gun Metal EnglishLast, Shoes and Oxfords, ofthe Beacon Make, $4.50 vailues, at $3.49Men's Tan and B'iack Oxfordsand Shoes, all Lasts, of the Famous Walk-Over Make, Bestvalues, at .$4.00 and $3.50Men's Tan Vici Oxfords, BroadToe, Best for Comfort, $4.00values, at $2.99Men's Oxfords and Shoes of thebest Makes, $3.00 values $1.99Boys' Gun Metal Shoes and. Oxfords, .$3.00 values ..$1.99 and $1.49Misses' and ChUdreris High Grade Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps in all Ileathers and styles at the lowest prices. Barefoot Sandals and Outing IShoes at Sale Prices. Don't miss this moneysaving opportunity. IID .A. 1ST OOHBN:7SGreatest .Shoe StoreWh.erV Beauty and Economy Re lns- T - rlwJ.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.It is none of your business when aman's hose supporters breaks. But itis everybody's business if it happensto be a girl.Before marriage he sighs becausebe can't get her. After marriage hesighs because he can't get rid of her.When Father was courting Motherhe used to stick around until themilkman came. That's the reasonwhy Mother tells Daughter that noGentleman will stay later than 10o'clock when he calls on a girl.Practice may make perfect in otherthings, but it doesn't seem to improvethe markmanship of tobacco chewers.Diamonds and wine and limousinesmay be luxuries. But don't forget thata five-cent sandwich is also a luxuryif you only have four cents.Closing Out SaleOF;Livery Outfit.Having decided fo close out my livrey stable, I will sell at public auctionat the stable, on Main Street, inParis, Ky., at 10 o'clock a. m., onSaturday, Aupst 8, 1914,the followng horses, vehicles, etc.:1 dun horse, 7 years old;1 bay horse 6 years old;1 black mare, 5 years old;1 sorrel mare 9 years old;1 bay horse, 8 years old;1 bay horse, 8 years old;1 black mare, 10 years old;1 Shetland pony;1 dun pony;1 work mule;1 carriage; ,4 buggies; . t2 traps.2. soring wagons;8 or 10 sets' single harness;1 set carriage harness; .1 gasoline engine, 2-horse power;1 roll-top desk; -2 office desks;1 drummer's wagon;Lot of buggy robes and whips andother fixtures. ., " -TERMS Made 'knows, on , day. of,sate. - - ' . ,V -, GHCf. j HOSfH.Oeo. D; Speakes, Auctioneer.ffrffvffffffflPEOPLE!Do You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.SPICER&GILC1ISIELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone1014..I 2ELECTRIC!sIRONSPhone us to-dayto send an ElectricIron on trial and seewhat a difference itmakes on next ironing day:IImmtiI PAR IS GAS aELEGIT CRIncorporated.Ii.(2Wuy-tt)i t " T "'