v Ir. .: :. - "K -5?.PUBLISHED EVJFB.T TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAB '".VOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 1914.THEBOURBONeNEWSJHEARTSATTUNEDTO MELODY OFWEDDING BELLSMiss Emily Brent Woodalland Mr. Polk LaffoonUnited.ENDEAVDR1F1ELDmamISBROADENEDBY PEACE ENVOYSBRIDE TALENTED ISOCIETY WOMANjHrincipal In Event Is Related to Prominent ParisFamiliesThe& notes are from a veryelabTjiate account of the Cincinnati Enquirer of the wedding of Miss Woodalland Mr. Laffon.:The marriage of Miss Emily BrentYcodall to Mr. Polk Laffoon was celebrated Wednesday evening at thehome of the bride's parents, Mr. and'Mrs. Frank Frary Woodall. She isthe only daughter and is one of themost universally popular girls whoTever held sceptered sway over both.men and women. She was "finished"Jat Hollins, Va., and is unusually clever of speech, interesting and gifted,her music being of the sort that tugs. at the heart strings, or ripples withlaughter as she wills. Her talentshave not been confined to the circlewhich she graces so charmingly, butin Trinity Church she has been theinspiration of the choir and the righthand of the Rector's Aid Society,which was organized to do duty inany emergency of the parish. Mr.Laffoon is a successful business man,and a son of the late Jolk Laffoon, ofMadisonville, Ky., who was in his daya power in politics in his. State.' The bride entered with her father,to the familiar strains of the Mendelssohn Weddig March, heard through-out the rooms from the union of harpsX .and viols.s Mr. Harry G. Raps, rector of the-Church of the Natfvity, Price Hill, atdhe time rector of St. John's Covington, officiated, Bishop Burton, of thediocese of Lexington, an old familyfriend, who was to have read theC Service at this wedding of oneof the' fcfSbst devoted of his flock"being"alleS"away to officiate at the consecrationof Dean Capers in San Antonio, andso was obliged to send his benedic, t tion.I The bride who is as tall and slimf as a lovely marsh flower bending tothe wind, wore her wedding gownC with infinite grace. The long train9 4 was intricately draped, and the bodiceI was combined with wonderful oldHoniton lace, an heirloom which had. served at the marriage of both hermother and her 'mother's sister, Mrs.Marshall, the wife of a descendant ofthe famous wit and jurist, Chief Justice Marshall, of Kentucky. It wasbrought around the waist in a littlet coatee and caught up behind like but--terfly's wings, a very charming effectAbout her throat was the groom'sgilt, a chain of platinum and pearlsbeautifully set, with a flexible "drop"of diamonds. About her slender figurefell a veil of tulle, like the spray atsea, a turn-up ruffle of Honiton lacedefining "her "brows, above which goldcombs held her bright brown tressesin place. Her bouquet of gardeniasand lillies of the valley "showered" ini a fragrant trip pie of green and whiteto the tip of h-r gold embroideredslipper.The only r 'i was the hride's' . cousin, Miss k : Ent, Mr. andMrs. Richard 32v ' ; only daughter,who was exquisite. tty in a gownthat made her look 'k a Frenchpastel, all light blue U -Jta, the skirtmade of tiny ruffles of taffeta andlace, over which fell a draped tunic oftaffeta. The bodice was combinedwith delicate shadow lace, and fromthe filmy tulle about the throat therefell a deep, full berthe as delicate asa cobweb. Her 'beautiful fair hair wasworn in the new fashion, quite high,which suited her well, and her bigbouquet was of pink roses and wonderful sprays of white lilacs that seemed, to catch and keep the faint blush ofthe roses that 'accompanied them.Mr. Emmett Peebles was best manand the groomsmen were Mr. SamFinnell and the" bride's brother, Mr.Harding Woodall.An informal reception followed theceremony, the parents of the brideand the bridal party assisting.Mrs. Woodall, -who as Mary Brent,'reigned a great belle in her day inKentucky, is still a stately type of,' the grande dame, carrying herselfwith the distinction that is an inherit-y&nce from many generations of Southern gentlepeople. Her gown was alovely creation of white crepe, theskirt having a graceful insert of accordion plaited chiffon, where it sep-arated at the foot, and the hodicewas enriched by much delicate lace,above which a stringcof pearls gleam-- ed softly. Her bouquet was of pink-rses.With the bride and bridegroom atthe beautifully decorated table besides their attendants were Miss MaryFaster, Miss Eleanor' Grant, Miss Lin-or Gooch, Mis Katherine Dalney,MiMS Edith Waters, M&Msrs. EmmettEuropean Countries AskedAssist Mediate BetweenMexico and U. S.CARRANZA ACCEPTS 'THE GOOD OFFICESThanks Envoys for Efforts toBring Peace Between theRepublics.WASHINGTON, April 30. It wasasserted here to-day on unquestionableauthority that the South American envoys who are seeking to avert a crisisin Mexico have appealed to Europeangovernments for friendly offices to facilitate mediation between Mexicoand the United States. The appeal,it was stated, did. not include a request, as reported abroad, that thepowers use their influence upon President Wilson to name conditionswhich would insure success of the negotiations. It also was learned that a proposalto General Carranza, as head of "theConstitutionalists, to join the armistice proposed between the "UnitedStates and Huerta, has been made bythe mediating Envoys.The proposal was forwarded toGeneral Carranza following his acceptance of the good offices of Brazil,Argentina and Chile, and is a part ofthe plan of the Envoys to secure ageneral cessation of Hostilities in allMexico pending the mediation negotiations. Carranza's entry into the first big"attempt of Fan-American diplomacywas confirmed early to-day by his acceptance in principle of the tender ofthegood offices of, gentina, Braziland Chile. His reply, forwardecTffomChihuahua, thanked the envoys fortheir offer "in an attempt to solve ina peaceful and friendly way the differences betwwen Mexico and theUnited States."It was pointed out that Carranzamade no reference whatever to Mexico's internal strife. Whether thatmight have any effect upon the reported proposal of the mediators toask for a cessation of hostilities between the Constitutionalists andHuerta's army could not be foreseen.STATE, ... " " :r . -. nGAME WARDENSMUST STUDYWASHINGTON, April 30. Secretary Daniels said that he had not beenofficially notified of the Mexico Cityreport that Manzanillo had been bombarded-by an American warship orthat marines had been landed at Salina Cruz. He said he was in constant communication with Rear Admiral Howard, whose last report wasthat all was quiet on the Pacific coast.Still another report is that Federalofficers had thrown the American Consul at Frontera, in the State of Tobasco, into jail.VILLA ASSUMES ROLE OF DICTATOR. EL PASO, Texas, April 30. PanchoVilla has moved his Brigada Villa.The State Game and Fish Commission in session, at Pineville for twodays, concluded its business earlvj Tuesday afternoon, the most important of which was the establishmentof a school of instruction for the paidwardens of the State, to be held atFrankfort in the form of a conventionlasting three or four days during thesummer months, the instruction tocover every branch of the business.The easiest and least expensive wayto care for the inhabitants"6f the preserve, especially the young, how toproceed when a poacher is caught, etc.It was decided to devote the ,fundsand labor of the commission- duringthe coming year to inauguration ofother preserves throughout the Statenalong the sameline as the one in Bellicounty,, upon which eighteen deer!have been liberated, and where themembers of the commission say theyhave 'found the conditions ideal.Only one addition was made to thenumber of wardens now on duty, andthat was the appointment of Capt. F.vF. Freese, of Louisa, as special deputy, or traveling warden.nounced that all the publicof the State will be restocked withfish very shortly. The first consign5ment of 10,000,000 of fish will reachFrankfort about May 10, and fromthere will be transported to the various streams in cans, which have beenpurchased for the purpose. The expense incident to the transfer of thefish to the various -streams and theirliberation therein will be borne by thecommission, which has authorized J.Quincy Ward, executive agent, tomake a special trip to the FisheriesDepartment at Washington, in orderthat he may in person secure the fishdesired and attend to their speedy deliveiy. In restocking the streams anew method of procedure is to bo followed, arid instead of granting the applications of various individuals torestock small portions of streams ashas heretofore been done each streamwill be thoroughly restocked for sixtyor 100 miles. To create further interest in the work a reward of $25 willbe given for information leading toconviction of any person found dynamiting streams,, shooting fish or hunting without license."WE KNOW HOW"it was an-r t-vrrt c?Oil CCll 11 o,...- :. vli -tv--5 -J wti-f tSpring StylesU'ito.1Vr i-vrtVIn Men's Shoes Are Now on Display . .at Our Store.The Stetson, Korrect Shape and Mtichell & Blakemore Special Lineof Shoes are here in all styles, both in high cut andOxfords Gun Metal, Tans and Patent Leathers, low cut-Oxfords in the new swagger English last, made with invisible eyelets, low, flat heel and sole. We have both .styles, with the rubber sole and heel and the leatherbottoms. There is none better made than the line ofShoes we carry and we want you to come to this storeand buy a pair of. our Shoes.i-i -Attend Methodist SundaySchool, at 9:30 o'clock.Some men seem to have been bornfor the sole purpose of letting othermen make a good living without working.the former bandit could secure.In Chihuahua General VenustianoCarranza still acts as the head of therevolution, but' AmericnsarFlVftfgfrom Chihuahua say that he is without authority, and that Villa has assumed openly the role of dictator.With the possible exception of theforces of Maclovio Herrera and Manuel Chao, the rebel army is with Villaand will do his bidding, it is claimed.Notwithstanding Villa's attitude offriendliness toward the United Statesand the consideration which he isforcing rebels to show Americans inrebel territory, there is still a feelingof distrust on the border that Villamay be playing a game, and that hispurpose really is to get the UnitedStates to lift the embargo on armsfor the rebels.It is known that Villa has but littleammunition. Enough perhaps for agood battle but no more. Rebel efforts are being industriously directedtoward creating a favorable impression at Washington for the rebelcause while making conditional purchases of ammunition, the conditionbeing the prompt shipment of the munitions should the embargo be raised.There has been no relaxing of vigilance by the United States army onthe border at this point.NOHOSTILITIES DURING MEDIATION.WASHINGTON, April 30. Secretary Bryan announced to-day that theSoutli American "envoys seeking to mediate in the Mexican crisis have beenwith 20 field pieces, to Chihuahua notified that this government "wouldCity from, the Torreon country. The assume that there would be no hostilaction is regarded as an indication of ities between the United States andthe seriousness of the situation that ! the Huerta government during thehas developed among rebel leaders.. The Brigada Villa is Villa's person-i al command and constitutes the pickJ of the rebel army. It is composed ofmore than 5,000 of the rebel fighters,with the newest and best equipmentPeebles, Harding Woodall, Sam Finnell, Edwin Van Winkle and WinfredGarver, adder to the beauty above thetable, a background of chivalry, anecessary adjunct to society in theSouth.There were many out-of-town guests,relatives and warm friends of thefamily assembling from many partsof the Blue Grass country. Mr. andMrs. Ford Brent, of Paris; Mrs. E. M.Wallace, of Versailles, Ky.; Mr .andMrs. Charles S. Brent and Miss NicholiBrent, of Lexington; Mr. and Mrs.Henry Chambers, of Louisville; Mrs.Bene Brent Alexander, Mr. and Mrs.Buckner Woodford, Mrs. Owen Davisand Mr. and Mrs. Charlton Alexander,all of Paris. Mr. and Mrs. Uli Howard's son, Master Alex Howard, whois a particular favorite of the bride,and his cousin, Miss Susan Brent, Mrs.progress of mediation.MANZINALLO BOMBARDED .MEXICO CITY, April 30. The portof Manzanilo, on the Pacific coast, wasbombarded Wednesday by an American warship, according to a telegramleceived heie by General AurelianoBlanquet, Mexican Minister of War,from Geineral Jose Maria Mier.According to General Mier's message, the warship entered Manzanilloharbor at 4 o'clock in the afternoonof April 28. At half past four the telegraphers left their posts, carryingtheir instruments with them, and at5 o'clock the bombardment began.The telegram says the wharves andadjoining buildings were destroyedby shell fire, and that ten personswere killed.A dispatch from Oaxaca says thatAmerican marines landed at SalinaCruz, after the American commanderhad threatened to open fire on theport in case the Mexican officials offered resistance.The Mexican Foreign umce received a dispatch stating that anAmerican warship had arrived in theKorrect Shape, $4Stetson Shoes, $5 and $5Mitchell & Blakemore's Special, S5."Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole, $5 and S6.Mitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's Styles Paris, KentuckySfaigr- - iSPECIALw9ALL.orLadies' and Misses' WoolenSUITS AND DRESSES. ilEllen Brent's little girl, made up a ' harbor of San Bias, in the Territory ofmerry duo that added to the congratu- Tepic, on Tuesday, and taken aboardlations. a number of refugees from the StateAmong the relatives of -the groom 0f Sinaloa,were Mr. Ruby Laffbon, of Madison-1 Another dispatch from Acapulcoville, Ky., and his daughter, Miss says the commander of the AmiricanLaura, who is at present in school in- 'cruiser South Dakota asked perniisWashington, and will soon be a debu- sion to land there, but this was re--tante. VfiiKPrl hv the American authorities.Woolen suitsc411 this season styles. Madeof Crepes, Crepe Cords, Gaberdines. and Serges. All sizes.$35.00 Suits Now $24.7530.00 Suits Now 23.7525.00 Suits Now 1 9.7520.00 Suits Now 1 6.7515.00 Suits Now 11 .75No Marks ChangedEivery piece as originally .markedand priced as above. Bring thisprice list with you.Now snowingNew Moire and Poplin Silk Suits.Special Values ats25.00DressesWoolenThis season's choicest models,mostly in dark shades, black andchecks, Materials Eponges, Crepes,and Serges.$18.00 Dresses Now $ 1 2.7515. 00 Dresses Now 9.7512.50 Dresses Now 8.7510.00 Dresses Now 6.757.50 Dresses Now 5.00Every GarmentNew this season and desirable.To buy now is vicc; to delay" isfoolish.COME AND SEE ' 'Just ReceivedNewest ModelsCREPE WAISTSWASH WAISTSWASH SKIRTSWASH DRESSESSee Our Line of $5.00Trimmed HateFRANK & C,The Store Where Reliability Reigns.INadia, Calma and Rengo Belt Corsetsv- rt J5 , . v-&.k,v-":As'?- MfTHE BOURBON NEWS,: PARIS; KENTUCKY. MAY" f I Si 14,t ithe Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881-r32 Years of Continouous Publication.SPRING LAXATIVEAND BLOOD CLEANSER.InGhom&ob1WOMANHOODTheOR1 .IJIIOTBERHO ' tgJZrflMVTrr; ;'U-t':&ffitr.tfrl that it freed them from pain, fi helped them over painfdi periods inJLssist Naturezamo and then,isszih a gentlecathartic Dr.JPicrceis PicastxndPcUcis tonesip and invigorilc liver andIjowcIs. Be sureyou get whet3jon ask for.Vav.KaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaVavvaHLLEaaaaaaaaartu Paris Rome telephone ana Cekgrapl) 0o(Incorporated),3. 3- VEATCH, District Manager. K. E. SPEARS, Commerical Manager.?;?2? '-"V. .....'.'...5!2ir'5SBourbon LaundryI DWIS & FUNK, Props.tit? Teleohone No. 4. West 5 Street1 - rHBourbonParis Kentucky.GIW.i'FDNERAL DIfifcCTOE AND LICENSED EMBALMEDBOTH 'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299Gasir ittmg ! !Plumbing and Elecri-. cai Work in All tTheir BranchesMasda (Tungston) LampsStoves, Ranges Jand Appliances, tSpicer &Gilchrist, jQks' BuildingE.E. Phone, 103 Z-Home Phone, 101 14i3Wien you feeldiscouragecoufused, neyom, tired, worried or despondent it issureign yoa need MOTTS NERVERIKFILLS. They renew the normal vigor ai4 make life WMtfl living. Be sure and ask f.LXIL Mmtti P.'IU Price $1.1by druccisLWILLIAMS MFC CO.. Props.Clerelaad, OhiaCHwdorter, DruifUt ParU, Ky...women who have usedr. Pierce's Favoritedption will tell youtheir lite and saved them many a dayof anguish and misery- This tonic, inliquid form, was devised over 40 yearsago for the womanly system, by R.V.Pierce, M. D., and has been sold eversince by dealers in medicine to thebenefit of many thousand women.Noiv--if you prefer you can obtain Dr.Pierce's Favorite Prescription tablets atyour druggist at $1 per box, also in 50csize or send 50 one cent stamps to DraR. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. tor trial box.cZEisaHave You aHOME TELEPHONEOur Bourbon CountyBusiness is GrowingMore Rapidly Than1Ever Before.Ask Your Neighbor About TheService, Then Let Us Figure With YouWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goe's brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want, as we like toappreciateeLaundry," jDAVISColdsshould be "nipped in thebud" for if allowed to rununchecked, serious resultsmay follow. Numerouscases of consumption, pneumonia, and other fatal diseases, can be traced back toa cold. At the first sign of acold, protect yourself bythoroughly cleansing yoursystem with a few doses ofTHEDFORDSBLACKDRAUGHT the old reliable, vegetableliver powder.Mr. Chas. A. Ragland, oMadison Heights, Va., says:"I have been using Thed-ford's Black-Draught forstomach troubles, indigestion, and colds, and find it tobe the very best medicine Iever used. It makes an oldman feel like a young one."Insist on Thedford's, theoriciail and genuine. E-67SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.) .One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.WAR WITH MEXICO.War was formally declared by thej United States against Mexico May 13,1846, the House voting 174 to 14, theSenate 40 to 2.War was formally declared by Mexico ten days later, May 23, 1846.Mexico claimed Texas as a part ofhei territory, notwithstanding its independence was acknowledged by theUnited States, England, .France andother governments.The United States, by annexation,claimed the Rio Grande as the Texanboundary, and Mexico alleged that thewestern limit of the province neverextended west of the Nueces River.The crossing by General Taylor wasconsidered the commencement of thewar, and Mexico made the attack.Impoverished by civil war, Mexicosought to replenish her treasury byplundering American vessels in theGulf of Mexico and confiscating theproperty of American merchants within its borders.The treaty of peace was concludedat Gaudeloupe; Hidalgo, February 2,1848.- The battle of Palo Alto was foughtMay 8, prior to the declaration of war.General Taylor commanded 2,300 men.The Mexican army of 6,000 was commanded by General Arista.The battle of Resasca de la Palmawas fought May 9 by General Taylorand his troops against General AristaI and his troops. Taylor was victoriousin both battles.September 21, 22 and 23 the' battleof Monterey was fought, General Taylor commanding 6,600 troops andGeneral Ampudia 10,000 troops.The battle of Buena Vista wasfought February 22 and 23, 184.7, General Taylor in command of 4,700American troops and Santa Anna incommand of 17,000 troops.March 25 to 29, General Scott attacked Vera Cruz with 12,000 men.The Mexican forces of 6,000 werecommanded by Morales.April 17 and 18 the battle of CerroGordo was fought by , General Scottwith 8,500 troops against Santa Annawith 12,000 troops.August 20, 1847, was fought the battle of Churubusco, General Worthcommanding 8,000 troops and SantaAnna 25,000 Mexican troops.September 8 General Worth againfought the Mexicans at El Molina delRey, having 3,500 American troopsagainst Santa Anna's 14,000 Mexicantroops.September 13 was fought the battleof Chapultepec, General Scott in command of the American forces, 7,200men, and Santa Anna in command of25,000 Mexican troops.September 13 and 14 General Scottattacked the City of Mexico and captured it.In all of the important conflicts theAmerican troops yere uniformly successful, though many of the battleswere doubtful for a time. Santa Anna was in command of the largestMexican forces, and, notwithstanding'his various defeats, retained the confideince of the Mexican people.The number of American regularsj engaged in war was 27,506. The number of volunteers was 73,781.Texas furnished the largest numberof volunteers, 8,018; Louisiana", 7,947;Missouri, 7,016; Illinois, 6,127; Ohio,5,536; Illinois, 6,127; Tennessee, 5,865,Kentucky, 4,842.TIia tntnl rmmhp.r of Amfir'nanskilled during the war, lasting nearlytwo years, was 1,049 ; 508 died of theirwounds; 3,420 were wounded.-The regulars constituted one-fourthof the entire force. More than onehalf of the killed were regulars. Outof a total of 508 soldiers who died oftheir wounds 408 were regulars, and2,100 regulars were wounded out of atotal of 3,420.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave Lexington'For Paris6.00 a rnLeave Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m' 4:30 p m .5:15 p mf ' 6:05 p m6:50 p ni8:15,p m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m ,7:20 p m9:10 p mk 11:00 p m?Daily' except Sunday.!10:05 p mOf all interpretations of variousroles last season in New, York City,none received higher commendationthan that of Madame Nazimova forher portrayal of "Mrs. Chepstow," inJames Bernard Fagan's adaptation of''Bella Donna." In the delineation ofthis somewhat unpleasant heroine hythe distinguished Russian actress' shehas scored a positive triumph. ChasProhman has made an elaborate andhandsome production for "Bella Donna." With her New York company ofcapable players, Nazimova comes tothe Lexington Opera House Thursday,April 16. (adv)One of the largest single orders ofgroceries on record was given a Chicago wholesale firm recently hy theWestern Federation of Miners. Theorder was for $60,000 worth of staplegroceries to he distributed among thefamilies of the striking copper minersin the Calumet region.STRENGTHENS WEAK.AND TIRED WOMEN."I was under a great strain nursinga relative through three months' illness," wntes Mrs. J. C. Van De Sande,of Kirkland, 111., "and Electriq Bitterskept me from breaking down. I willnever be without it." Do you feeltired and worn out? No appetite andfood won't 'digest? It isn't the springweather. You need Electric Bitters.Start a month's treatment today;nothing better for stomach, liver andkidneys. The great spring tonic.Relief or money back. 50c. and ?1.00at your druggist.(April)Buenos Aires has a population of1,400,000, made up largely of Spanards and Italians, but include alsomany Germans, British and Americans. Rosario has 300,000 inhabitants, Bahia 75,000 inhabitants andMendoza 75,000 inhabitants.The more some women make up themore they look as though they weremarked down.The reason a, Princess knows hersteady has ability is because he combshis hair so that he looks like a sealion.ITCHING ECZEMA IS DRIEDRIGHT UP WITH SULPHURUse Like Cold Cream to Subduetation and Clear the Skin.Irri-Constant or intermittent irritation'producing itching and red, angry Eczema patches on the skin is readilyrelieved with bold-sulphur cream.Themoment it is applied the itchingstops and the healing begins, says anoted dermatologist.It effects such prompt relief, evenin aggravated Eczema that it is a never-endingsource of amazement toFor many years bold-sulphurcream has occupied a secure positionin the treatment of cutaneous eruptions by reason of its cooling, parasite-destroyingproperties. It is notonly parasinoidal but antipruritic andantiseptic, and nothing has ever beenfound to take its place in overcoming'irritable and inflammatory affectionsof the skin. While not always establishing a permanent cure, yet in everyinstance it instantly stops the agonizing itching; subdues the irritationand heals the infiamer raw skin rightup, and it, is often years later beforeany Eczema eruption again appears.Those troubled should getfrom nypharmacist an ounce of bold-sulphurcream and apply it lirectly upon theaffected skin like you would any ordinary cold cream. It isn't unpleasantand theprompt relief afforded is verywelcome, particulaly when the Eczema is accompanied with itching.advSKin BlemishesCaused By GermsGerms get under the,skin or in a broken'place, and it Is hardto get rid of them.Pus sores or pimplesfollow.DR. BELL'SAntiseptic Salvesoon destroys these germs and keeps themclean and healthy until nature heals, Use it onthe face, lips, in the nose, anywhere, for itIs CLEAN. PURE AND HEALING."Tell It By The Bell"s :FOR SSundaysSpring Lamband the BestHome-Killed Meatson the Market!i Baldwin I!Bros.,Paris, KentuckyBoth Phones32fl ram IIi J? rvare dependentvsy mTheir health as men and women is largelyestablished in childhood.nIf yonr child is languid, bloodless, tired when rising, with.Out ambition or rosy cheeks, Scotfs Emulsion is a wonderfulhelp. It possesses nature's grandest body-building fats sodelicately predigested thatvmI and carries it to every organ and tissue and nbre.First it increases their appetite, then it adds flesh strengthensthe bones makes them sturdy, active and healthy.No alcohol or narcotic in Scott's Enralsioa, jast parky aad streatta.gggJBBgDi3aa&60Wg-TT3Farmers, Wives or Chicken Raisers"Sanifect' 'Is a sure shot for killingRoaches, Moth and all Insect life.tBottled in convenient sizes.Also Best Seed Corn andJox Znicige CoaijDodson DeotonYards, South'Main St.QSZsSSfQxSSDuroc Jersey BoarsNice lot young boars. Eligible' toregistry. Come and get first choice.SIDNEY G. CLAY.E. T. Phone-726. Paris, Ky.(7-6t)FOR RENTStoreroom on Main street known asthe Weatherall property. Possessionto be given May 1. Apply toCHAS. PEDDICORD.FOR SALE.A lot about 65 feet front, runningback over 100 feet, -rtuated on Highstreet, near Fifteenth street. Applyto(13-tf) MRS. CANDACE SMITHNOTICEI have decided to sell second-handclothes. I ask all the ladies and gentlemen whom I have sold for, to placetheir goods with me again.NANNIE WATTS,129 Eighth Street,21-3t Paris, Kv.FOR RENT.Twq rooms on third floor of Agricultural Bank Building. He?t andwater furnished. i(17-tf)FOR SALE.A nice, new Indian Motorcycle; newtires, presto light, tank and completetool outfit. Must sell at once. Apply to Bourbon News.FOR SALE.One of the best pony and cart outfits in Paris. Apply to the undersigned. HBNSE MARGOLEX,24-3t) Paris, Ky.INSURANCE :AGAINSTI FIRE, WINDi andLIGHTNING II W. 0. HINT0N, :AGENT. tFor Old. Strong, Reliable,Z Prompt-Paying Companies, see Jme.WW W WWW WW WW WW wNew Barber 8hoiWindsor Hotel.Modern EquipmentPolite Service. , JEverything Sanitary.Children's Work & Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDAll Growing Childrenon nourishment for growth.the blood absorbs its strengthChicken Lice, .Mites, ftBoth Phones 140PILES! PItES! PILESiWILLIAMS INDIAN PILE OINTMEfWill cure Blind, Bleedinj? and Itching P:It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and SLWILUAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OiL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.:CANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris. Ky.Spruce UpNow is the time to haveyour wearing apparel cleaned and put in order forSpring.We Do the WorkRight.Comparison will affordyou an opportunity tojudge.3 Give Us a Trial.. ELEGTRiGHIT GLEANIG GO,S CUial Applegaie, Props.A y-l XU.C1111 uu, x ftiw, -l-j Awwwww99Sfmim i I I I II I ! MM ICurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)!3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pat:ronage Solicited.ONEtmfiOPJf lOUftlON P0U1TKY CUtCdown a chick's throat coresgapes, A few drops In thedrinking water cures andprevents cholerfc, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. Onefc bottle stakes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Dteeases ef Fowls" .sent FRXE.-.J13-79 1dbFor Salt by W. T. ftrks '-i tyu8 Pins OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satisfaction. .We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning. Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c,April Announcement!oii &v v,so 9V.KiNDLY CALL ATTwin is. Depaitnt Store,- Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.Metal Slats Victoria Shintflo Imperial Shingle Oriental Shiogtfti waa wggiii n in iiThe four designs of Cortright Metalmade in any of the following ways :1 . Stamped from Tin-plate and painted Red.2. Stamped from Tin-plate and painted Green.3. Stamped from Tr.-p!aie and Galvanized by a hand-dipping process.4. Stamped from special tight-coated Galvanized Sheets.Each and every genuine Cortright Metal Shingle is embossed with thisTrade-mark, " Cortright Reg. U. S. Pat. Off." 6For Sale by .BEST S. HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky,Telephone Saved, Child's LifeOne of the children fell into a water tank onan Alabama farm and was rescued unconscious andapparently lifeless. The frantic mother rushed tothe telephone and called the doctor six miles away.He told her what to do and started at once, butbefore he arrived the child was out of danger.The protection of women and children is onlyj one of the chief values of the telephone on thej farm.( j You can have this ..service at small cost. Seer the nearest Bell Telephone Manager or send apostal for our free booklet. ,FARMERS' LINE DfcPARTMENTCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyINCORPORATED.fe!V LUKE McLUKE SAY(Cincinnati Enquirer. , -Tne average married man mayjlovehis home. BMt.he can usually wearoutix doeea pir of street shoesCleaning Co. ?Twin Bros.Department ScoreCheerfully wish to haveyou inspect their splendid stock of Ladies'Spring Suits, Coats,Skirts, Waists, Dresses,Shoes, Millinery, Gloves,Corsets, Muslin Underwear, etc.Also beautiful assortment of Dry-goods, Silks,Dressgoods, Laces, Hamburgs, etc. We are soleagents for the celebratedW. B. Corsets, and famous Bon Ton Corsets;Dents' celebrated Ladies'Gloves. The popularPictorial Patterns.Shingles as shown above arewhilp Tn.A Is ht kinn- itl nnp rn!i nfi.r. . . - a- .-.nouse slippers.r We, can forgive the man who inrhales his soup. But the man whovjlickSv it of jhis jnustache always gejts fe,our guau ' , -3rTHE BOURBON NEWS,;PAVED HIGHWAYSREUNION TRAVELSJacksonville Has Many HighClass Roads to Pointsof InterestTrips to Be Taken Over Thjem in Automobiles During the Reunion ofConfederates May 6, 7, 8.Jacksonville, Fla., April. It is safeto say that hundreds, and possiblythousands, of visitors to Jacksonvilleduring the weelr of the great Reunionof Confederate Veterans and Sons ofVeterans, will make the trip fromtheir homes in automobiles. Numerous inquiries have been received fromall parts of the country concerningroad conditions, and especially in regard to the practicability of reachingother 'points in Florida by automobiletrips from Jacksonville.For the information of auto owners,desirous of bringing their cars toJacksonville at the time of the Reunion, attention is called to the factthat the city license books show thatthere are over 2,000 licensed automobiles in the city of Jacksonville alone,and during the past winter seasonmore than 2,500 motor-driven vehicleshave passed through Jacksonville enroute to various places on the Floridapeninsula. Unless there were fairlygood roads, leading from Jacksonvilleto other sections of the State, therewould not have been one-tenth asmany cars in Florida this season, andthe home people of Jacksonville wouldnot have invested so heayijy in motorvehicles.Duval county, of which Jacksonvilleis the county seat, was among the firstof the Florida counties to issue roadimprovement bonds and to begin thepaving of its highways with vitrifiedpaving brick and concrete. With apopulation of only 75,000 in 1909, thiscounty issued road improvement bondsthat year to the amount of $1,000,000,aud it was provided that not morethan $250,000 was to be expended inroad construction each year for fouryears. The bonds were sold at ahandsome premium and the moneyhas all been expended on the roads ofthe county, with a result that thiscounty now has.some of the very bestIn the South, and these roads are ajoy to the joyrider and to all personswho use them.But this is not all; for the Board ofCounty Commissioners is at the present time working up interest in aproposition to issue from $2,000,000 to$5,000,000 additional road v improvement bonds and construct a system ofpaved roads and 'highways throughoutthe county of Duval that will be amodel for all sections of the country.Jacksonville is only seventeen milesin a direct line from the AtlanticOcean, where there is one of the finestbeaches in the world, affording a speedway four hundred feet in width andtwenty miles in length. Here is theideal automobile course and it is visited by thousands of cars every year.From the city to the seashore thecounty has constructed a magnificentboulevard, paved with vitrified brickand with concrete for the entire distance. Hundreds of cars traverse thisAtlantic Boulevard, as it is known,daily, and during the Reunion manythousands of visitors will make thetrip by auto to the beach. Once onthe seashore they will find much tointerest them. Surf bathing will beat its best during the Reunion weekand many visitors from interior points,who have never before had the opportunity to plunge into the big breakersof Old Ocean, will, find the experiencea novel and delightful one.From Jacksonville to St. Augustinethe distance by auto is 38 miles andthe tup is easily made in two hours.In fact, the record for the trip is onehour and nine minutes, but that is almost too fast for a trip to the oldestcity in the United States.The load from South Jacksonville,j on the, opposite side of the majestic' St. Johns river from the Reunion city,is paved with shell for nine miles andthe going is good. Then comes sixmiles of brick paving over which thecars fairly skim along. The next fourmiles, to the Duval county line, have' not yet been paved, but a temporarysurface of shavings has been providI ed. From the county line to St. AuJ gustine, a distance of 18 miles, the' road is not yet paved but shell hasbeen placed in the wheel ruts and goodtime can be made by the average car.Still another attractive trip, on thesouth side of the St. Johns river, isthat to Mandarin, a pretty little vil-lage on the banks of the river, aboutfifteen miles from the, city. This roadis well paved with shelj for the entiredistance and passes through soinevery pretty orange groves, which in. themselves are an attraction to- all.At Mandarin there are a number oflattraptive homes, surrounded by, pretj ty gardens, groves and farms. Thisj village is the site of the former home'tot the late Mrs. Harriett Beecher. Stowe. the author of "Uncle Tom's1 Cabm."The city of Jacksonville has sixty .miles of paved streets and contracts 1are now outstanding for several addi-1tional miles, work on which will start 'immediately after the reunion, as it isthe desire of the city authorities notho,-Q fhA efMoto tfiunuca uuLto have th.e streets torn up while the. .,visitors are nere.Sight-seeing automobiles are burner- jPslaacksonville every 'winter andv b Y&n. - . in Ti I iM r it J? i.1 iseveral of the large cars .will i2nr- iinfil nft 4-U' nT .'JEl .Ulill jftllCl uue I UUU1UU.PARIS KENTUCKY; M AY"Wi nch ESYXrTSiXRTWTHflfBn?KENTUCKYXHALLENGE CUPHarry Strother, of Winchester, wonthe $400 Kentucky Challenge Cup atthe meeting of the Mason County GunClub, held in Maysville on Thursday.The score made by Stro'ther was 95out of a possible 100, and C. B. Strother was sixth with a score of 87. Therewere eleven contestants and great interest was taken in the event. W. H.Hall, who was the previous holder ofthe cup, was third, with a score of 93.The cup was presented by the Kentucky State Trapshooters' League,and has to be defended "by the holder.Harry Strother also won the high, average for the meet,- which is a greathonor. The' next shoot will take placein Winchester in May. iLOOK TO YOUR PLUMBING.You know what happens in a housein which the plumbing is in bad condition everybody in the house is liableto contract typhoid or some other fever. The digestive organs performthe same functions in the human bodyas the plumbing dose for the house,and they should be kept in first-classcondition all the time. If you haveany trouble with your digestion takeChamberlain's Tablets and you arecertain to get quick relief. For saleby all dealers.April (adv)Co-operation ot Rural Ministers isSought.Frankfort Commissioned of Agriculture J. W. Newman attended an agricultural rally at Mt. Washington, orgaized by the Rev. F. L. C. Coward, aMethodist minister. An agriculturallibrary project was started at themeeting. The idea is to interest ministers of rural churches in the library,to organize farmers' clubs for thestudy of practical works on agriculture and to keep the sets of bookstraveling from one club to anotherthroughout the State, leaving a set fora definite length of time in each community. CHECK YOUR APRIL COUGH.Thawing frosts and April rainschill you to the very marrow; youcatch cold head and lungs stuffedyou are feverish cough continuallyand feel miserable. You need Dr.King's New Discovery. It soothes iriflamed and irritated throat and lungs,stops cough, your head .clears up, fever leaves, and you feel fine. Mr. J.T. Davis, of Stickney Corner, Me.,was cured of a dreadful cough after adoctor's treatment and all other remedies failed. Relief or money -back.Pleasant children like it. Get a bottle today. 50c. and $1.00 at yourdruggist.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for all sores.(April) (adv)Of 431 American Rhodes scholarswho have left Oxford University totake up their life work, only elevenhave remained in England, accordingto the recent report of the Rhodesscholarship trust. The fear thatGreat Britain would absorb the American students is thus seen to be unfounded. GOOD PRICES OBTAINED FORWOOL IN MONTGOMERY COUNTYPractically all the wool in Montgomery county lias been sold, buyerstaking it rapidly at 20 to' 22 cents perpound, and one buyer has securedover 3,000 fleeces at that price. Manylambs have also been soki at from 6to Gy2 cents, and they are doing fine,with a larse crop of them ready forearly market and delivery. Hogs thathave been following cattle in the county are selling and being shipped outrapidly and are bringing from ?7.75 to$8.25 per hundred.Every man who has to Work outdoors wants a desk job. And everyman with a desk job wishes he couldget Back to Nature.-OF-DESBRABLEAlso 2 Nice Building Lots.Having decided to move to anotherState, I will sell at public auction, onThursday, May 7th, 1914.beginning at 2 -o'clock, p. m., on thepremises, my frame dwelling house on jCypress street.The house contains eight largerooms, with complete bath room, pan-1,1 3 picmy ul presses, ss iui uuis.1115 jin the kitchen, electric lights throughout the house, which is equipped withhandsome electric fixtures. Thehouse stands on an excellent concretefoundation, and the building is one ofthe best constructed homes in Paris.The lot has a frontage of about 73feet on Cypress street, and runs backabout 210 feet to an alley. On therear of the lot is a well built stable,chicken house and chicken yard.At the same time and place I willalso sell the vacant building lot adjoining the residence. This lot has afrontage on Cypress street of about156 feet, and runs back a distance ofabout 202 feet to an alley. There isan excellent cistern on this lot, whichs one of the most desirable buildingsites in Paris. The inside concreteWaJ? is ,?lredL ?ul1' t ,n A?' e building lot ocated on thenortu Slde of the aweiimg frontingnhm,f 7q w nc tr00f nI runninsr Tia.olr tn nn allfiv. a distance ofabout 170 feet.TERMS Easv. and made known on- rday of sale.PUBUG- SALE!G. C. THOMBSON,i i u iparis, Ky.j. 1914No.'Tell us about the painting or decorating you areplanning to do and we will help you select the right paint,vuruisu ur cnamei. merePAINT, VARNISH,for every household purposeFor painting floors there's nothing equal to Lowe Brothers HardDrying Floor Paint. For refinishing furniture, floors and woodwork,Xr n11 ?atkes the finish ideal For the "vvalls and ceilings,Mellotone," soft as the rainbow tints," is highly artistic, fadeless,durable and washable.These are only a few of the Lowe Brothers products let us helpyou choose the right ones and assist you in selecting the mostpleasing colors.fhas. t. Butler & Co., opp. Court Houser7 li I 111 i ' if Ml 2bvi iki Mmw JnvsflKVT swi'l mMMm W- w9rJUBt&KWm')SW KCll,or Til i i'u 1 1 jmemri.,h i v M2 y s mmmF-yHIU sPykW JLsmyr j 4Mm mK2x.35oN.Have YOU got money in our bank to protect 'yourLITTLE ONES and your WIFE from want?Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capita!, SiOO.OOO.OO.J. M. HALL. PresidentSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, may 10, 1914$1 diilKSBDr 1RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLeaves GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.KRlun T.i ar' viin "the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and clean -without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the inferiortankwason oils saves MONEY savesWORK paves cvei.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C, Stoll Oil Co. ,Le7 ington, Ky.Refirfry at Warren, Pa.Wo sell tie celebrated "No Carb"Auto Oil.ii , 'Bess313is aa!rXENAMEL OR STAINTEPAtDENTMAN"KNOWSTS7&DurrTO BANKNOArfiORSWfEANDCD?ENSurplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS. CashierHiWtt.idtf - rJHHHavIIIIH Round4First Popular Price "Ex-'enrsion of the SeasM -ToCincinnati aid KetiriSunday, May 3, 14,$1.50i ui uik rvuiHHl inpSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:2tta. m.returning ' leovesCrnclniFourth Street Station 7:00 p.'wufurther information call on 'W. H. HARRIS, At.. f. K. KIITH T. KMvfA ' - - - rJ,.Vr1 s.x'i'7 $mmrst;' -' ):':.. r ? -.:.)-'-'Jg - T-t-&sf-m:tJ "ei vvH s .THE BOURBON .NEWS, PARIS, KY.,,MAY 1, 1,94vICOMBINATION SALE,WIRE-TAPPERS BELIEVED2 .CAUSE OF TEMPORARY TR0.U3LEMAY 16 DESIGNATEDorStock, EltcMonday, May 4Murphy's Stock YardsCOMMENCING AT 10 A. M.we will elf a large consignment of Horses, Mules,Milk Cows with calves by side and springers, Sheep,Hogs, Cattle and Farming Implements of All Kinds,regardless of price and weather conditionsNO BY-BIDS Everything offered will be sold.ML J. MURPHY & COPARIS, KY.That wire-tappers attempted to op-3 erate on the wires leading out of theKentucky Association track at Lexing2 ton, Wednesday afternoon, is the belief of the local Western Union officials, and whether they succeeded isnot known. The wires leading fromthe track to the main office of theWestern Union "in that city, and bywhich Louisville obtains the result oftlie races, went "dead" just beforethe first race, wjiile the New Yorkwire was, at all times available foruse. When it was discovered thatthe wires were in trouble linemenwere hurriedly dispatched to the racetrack, ,while others went over theground between the main office andthe track, and not a sign of troublecould be found.A few minutes after the first racewas run the wires again became"alive," which led to the belief thatthey had been "tapped." It is the belief of the Lexington Western Unionpeople that the wire-tappers deadened the wires leading from the trackAs BoosterDay In Kentucky andTennessee.98GEO. D. SPEAKES, AnctionccrwDEATHSMQLER.Mrs. Malinda Moler died on Saturday, April 25, after an illness ofeight weeks at the home of her son,Mr. B. H. Bramblett, at East Union,Nicholas county, and after funeralservices at the East Union Christianchurch, at 2:00 o'clock Sunday afternoon, conducted by Rev. Bela Metcalf, of Carlisle, and Rev. E. C. Lacy,o Lexington, was buried in the Carlisle cemetery.Mrs. Moler was married to HenryBramblett in 1851. Of this unionthere were five sons, all of whom survive, as follows: John W. Bramblett,Paris; C. TJ. Bramblett, Carlisle; B.H. Bramblett, East Union; T. S7Bramblett, Sharpsburg; Geo. W.Bramblett, Millersburg.Her husband died in 1862 at theearly age of 32, and in 1868 she wasmarried to Allen Moler, who died in'1894, ho children resulting from hersecond marriage, and she remained awidow until her death, living on herfarm near Sharpsburg until her serious illness, when she came to livewith her son'B. H. Bramblett, atEast Union. -1T0GK AND FARM NOTESMr. J. E. Gay, of Mt. Sterling,sold a three-year-old mare by PatWashington, to a West Virginia party,lor $300.NEW L. & N. TARIFFGOES INTO EFFECT TODAYThe new 21-2 cent, per mile rate onthe Louisville & Nashville railroadgoes into effect today. Traveling;men are taking advantage of thepenny scrip book which the companyis issuing. The purchase of thesebooks makes the rate per mile abouttwo cents.ATTEND THE LOTSALE ON MAIN STREETOn Wednesday, May 6, at 2:30 p.m., Harris & Speakes, agents, will sellfive desirable vacant lots on Mainstreet. Valuable prizes to be givenaway. Attend the sale.(28-td)COMMERCE COMMISSION DENIESAPPEAL OF THE L. & N.The Commerce Commission a.tWashington yesterday t denied the application of the Louisville & Nashvillelor relief from the provision of thefourth section of the commerce actin respect to passenger fares betweenpoints in Kentucky to be used in construction of interstate fares into andou of and through the State of Kentucky, that yield greater compensation as through rates than the aggregate of intermediate fares.r The production of potato flour in"Holland increases rapidly from yearto year, and the product is also steadily finding markets abroad. The total., production, is now not less than 275,06$ ,000 pounds annually.NOTICE TO STOCKMEN.Lit your stock in M. J. Murphy'sMonthly combination sales. Plenty of"buyerslways on hand. We can sellyour horses, mules, ponies, cows, cattle, hogs, slieep and poultry at goodprkves. Next sale will be held on Monday, May 4,' county court day(21ap-tf)THEATRICALIn the interest of the infertile eggthe poultry specialists have 'started acampaign for the elimination of therooster among poultry flocks duringthe seasons between. May 1 and December 1. In this connection Saturday, May 16, has been set aside bythe people o those States as roosterday in Kentucky and Tennessee, whenevery poultry dealer in these Stateshas agreed to pay the same prices forroosters as they do for hens and pullets. There is an enormous loss ineggs as the result of the fertile egg,especially during the summer and fallmonths, and it is for this reason thedepartment recommends that a roostter be kept away for the hens duringthese seasons.Fertile eggs spoil very quicklywhen subjected to the ordinary methods of handling on the farm andwhen marketed during the hot summer months under adverse conditions.Infertile eerss will keen in good condi-to the main office until they could get i tion in temperature which will causethe results of the race by tapping theNew York wire.The general opinion is that they betin Louisville, as they killed thechances of that city getting the result of the, first eve.it until they hadplenty of time to get and place theirwagers.ROOM-SIZE DRUGGET 'TO BE GIVEN AWAY.See the room-size Brussells druggetin J. T. Hinton Company's window.To be given away at the auction saleof Main street lots on Wednesday,May 6, at 2:30 p. m. Other prizeswill also be given away at this sale.(td)SUPERIOR FURNITURE POLISHThe Columbia Today."For His Master," in two parts.Father Walsh, a rawboned priest,comes to a Western cowtown topreach the gospel. Aside from hjscalling his appearance aroused theridicule of the cowboys and they"kid" him. A fresh young "kid slapsa girl of the underworld and makeshis escape on a horse. Father Walshchases him on another, drags him offthe horse and carries him hank in thcrowd, where he forces him to anolo- A number of the leading citizens ofgize to the girl, and then spanks him ! Carlisle will meet Col. John Tonkin,Gives new polish to old furniture;produces a gloss or hand rubbed finish: dries hard; never sticks; neverinjures. Call and get sample; everyl been planted in years.bottle fully guaranteed.CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.Opp. Court House, Paris, Ky.(1-tf)VoliJileHo.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington,fertile eggs to rot.It is estimated thai one-third of the jtremendous annual toss or eggs is aueto the fertile egg.The department specialists advisthat on the 1st of May all male birdsbe either killed, sold or confined untilthe 1st of December, or as late as the1st of January in some localities, inasmuch as it is not necessary to thelaying qualities of a hen that a rooster be maintained in the flock. Moreover, his presence during thosemonths means fertile eggs, whichmean bad eggs and the consequentloss to the producer and the consumer.PREDICT LARGE TOBACCO CROPIN BLUE GRASS COUNTIES.Propose to have gasline extended to carlislehurt up in the hills. During his absence the two pals of the bad mancall' on him and kid him for allowingthe priest to make a good man out ofhim. Taunted by his pals, he goesto the saloon, 'gets to drinking andrides away with them on a hold-up expedition. Their plans are overheardby the bad man's sister, and when thepriest returns she tells him of theirscheme. Walsh rides after 'them,overtakes them in the 'mountains,overcomes the three of them andtakes .the bad man back to his home.The two pals go through with therobbery as prearranged, and the nextday are captured &nd strung up. Thepriest shows the bad man the accountof the matter and thus proves to himhow lucky it was that he had arrivedin time to take him out of such company. The bad man reforms for goodand joins the priest in his campaignagainst the powers of evil.Another reel will be shown, entitled"Kid Auto Races," a Keystone kidpicture. (adv)The Columbia.The Columbia Theatre received information yesterday that the "Fantomas" picture, scheduled to be "showntoday, was destroyed by fire. Thisfamous picture will be shown at theColumbia next week.president of the Oentral KentuckyNatural Gas Co., in Lexington, onMay 12, for the purpose of taking upthe matter of extending the naturalgas lines from this city to Carlisle,via Millersburg. In the event of the'proposition to be submitted by thein full view of the crowd, and dropshim in the dust, much to the crowd'sadmiration. Among the lookers-onis a "bad man," who has been concerned with two other men in cattlerustling and stage robbing. Heshakes the priest's hand and expresses admiration for him. Walshsees a streak of good in him and determines to save him, if possible.He follows him into a saloon and prevents him from further drinking.While there the bad man's sistercomes to get him to go home, andthe priest coaxes him" to go, thus earning the gratitude of the sister. Thepriests the only man that the badman will listen to and he succeeds ingetting him to give up his drinkingand is fast molding him into a betterman when he is suddenly called awayto minister to a miner, who has been GOVERNOR McCREARY .NAMESReports received from all parts ofthe Burley Tobacco district indicatethe growers are projecting the largestacreage of burley tobacco that hasSome think itwill even exceed that of 1910, whichwas the largest crop ever grown inthe history of tobacco culture in Kentucky. .The entire burley belt is saidto be dotted with plant beds and whatis more to the point the young tobaccoplants are said to be in fine condition,and that by the middle of May, whenthe growers begin to transplant themto the fields, they will be larger thanusual at this season. With the promise of an increased acreage, a bumpercrop is looked for this fall, and already additional warehouse accommodations are being planned.KentuckyCITY PROPERTY AT AUCTION.Carlisle people being accepted Millersburg, this county, will receive the J A beautiful home and two nicebenefit of natural gas. ( j building lots will be sold May 7, at 2, ' I p. m., on Cypress street, the propertyA-r-t-cKin rue i rt-r ' iof Mr- G- c- Thompson. No betterATTEND THfc LUT , hnrnCk nr hnilHinp- Infs will he on theSALE ON MAIN STREET , ".".","- 1 ilr " mommarket for a long time.(l-2t)On Wednesday, May 6, at 2:30 p:m., Harris & Speakes, agents, will sellfive desirable vacant lots on Mainstreet. Valuable prizes to be givenaway. Attend the sale.(28-td)The waste heat of a new Germangas engine is used to raise steam tooperate blowers, which in turn increase the pressure of the air mixturein the engine's cylinders.Lace Curtains andHouse DraperiesThe passing of Easter ushers in the Season of Spring,the rejuvenating of nature which inspires us with thespirit of renewing and remodeling our Home Environment,Newly papered rooms call for Window Drapery, whetherit be Lace Curtains or the more pretentious Damask Curtains, or perhaps a combination of both Lace with aunfastoverdrapes, sideropes, vallances is a matter for you andthe expert draper to decide upon. We are at your servicewith our advice as well-as our stock ofHouse DrapingsSpecialties in Marquisettes and Scrims at attractiveprices. Novelties in cretonnes from 15c a yard up. Up-X holstery materials in the greatest variety and at lowest .prices. Lace edges and Guimps of every style and tomatch all materials; 3,000 yards of 40-inch wide Scrim inwhite and cream at 12 l-2c a yard. This article compares Xfavorably with the usual 25c quality. New willow f urni- Xture pieces and new lamps continually received. XCall for our booklet entitled ''Draping the Home."! :I Wolf, Wile & Co. IVALUABLE PROPERTYAT PUBLIC AUCTIONMODERN HOME AT AUCTIONOne of the most substantially builtand best located homes in Paris willbe sold at auction on May 7, at 2 p.m. It is the G. C. Thompson place onCypress street. If you want a homethis is your chance. Attend the sale.(l-2t)More than $1,000,000 worth of raisins were exported from the UnitedStates in the last year, the quantity,18,500,000 pounds, being in excess ofanytotal exported any earlier year.JI1 Ijexington, IKLy. X?formerly jKaufmanj Straus 5c Co.KENTUCKY RACING COMMISSION,TMna lof of Hio pnrnor of "Tnin finrl IGovernor McCreary Wednesday an-, Plfteenth streets will be sold at auc-1nounced the appointment of the tol-, Wednesday, May G, at 2:30 p.lowing .men to be members of the jState Ra'cing Commission for the next ' , . . fl t desirable suburban ilour years. .. I business corner in Paris, and is anGen. W. B Haldeman and Charles wl locati(m fop two up.to.date storeP. Grainger, of Louisville; Johnson N. mc .., flnf hnvp T,11RinPRStS$P'2Jg5"Camden, of Versailles; Thomas H.Talbott, of Paris; Allie W. Young, ofMorehead.The new members are Gen. Haldeman and Judge Young. They succeedGeorge J. Long, of Louisville, andCol. Milton Young, of Lexington. Theother members are reappointed.The Courier-Journal of yesterdaycontained half-tone pictures of themembers of the Commission.rooms with nats aDove. .Businessrooms if erected on this lot, can beleased for long terms to responsiblebusiness men without any trouble.See Harris & Speakes, agents, andtalk it over with them.Attend the sale and get a prize. Theterms of sale are easy.(2S-td)America's First CarMakes a "Hit"With the LadiesBODY OF KELLER THOMAS TO IBE BROUGHTHERE FOR BURIAL iROOM-SIZE DRUGGETTO BE GIVEN AWAY.The remains of Mr. Keller Thomas,I Atrho AiaA of tho linmpn f his Rnn Mr.., T ii j i. J Henry Thomas, in Northville, Mich.,See the room-size Brussell drugget . inAn 0 nntth i ' 0 iQCf- MttSI, U""! WV. v.to..,in J. T. Hinton Company's window,night and taken to the home of Mr.."TELr" "" r'iLle Joseph H, Ew.lt. on Fifteenth streetof Main street lots, on Wednesday,May 6, at 2:30 p. m. Other prizeswill also be given away at this sale,(td)WELFARE LEAGUE EMPLOYESNURSE1 FOR WORK IN PARIS.The burial will take place this morning at 10:30 o'clock, with services atthe grave in the Henry Thomas lot inI the Paris cemetery by the Confederatej Veterans. The pall-bearers" will beln n T niovlr Harrv T-Tolf Allnn ATKiser, Buckner Woodford, John Bedford, Gano Hildreth and J. M. Arnold.The pall-bearers are comrades of Mr.Thomas during the war.State and is well qualified for the position which she is to assume.While Mrs. W. O. Hinton, a memberof the Executive Board of the WelfareRETURNS MONEY WHICHBELONGED TO L. & N. R.The Bourbon County Health andWelfare League has secured the services of Miss Lora Brooks, of Louisville, to act as the permanent nurse inthis city and county and will be hereabout June 1 to assume her duties." ""J:1"" , "T "i" ,""; : An acking conscience prompted an.,Bi..tBiu ' w - l u;c unknown to return to the Louisville.H p i9l jP3' film BiWBtt liu S&jOBIF-wEMMFiS iPlMLrR.6t $2.00. This amount was-enclosed prejudice forever.Dismiss' instantly from your mind the thoughtthat a woman should not drive a gasoline car.Maybe you have thought it unwise and unsafe to trustto her a car that you'would drive.The electrically controlled Haynes has done away within a letter received by W. II. Harris,League n. in Louisville severa! .days i er "ZXttSi at Maysvilfeago, sne was lniorniea mat tne services of Miss Brooks were availableand she conferred with her, the conference resulting in her employmentMiss Brooks will be here Saturdayto look over the field and consult themembers of the local league beforetaking sup the work.SO APED INMATE OF OHIO. REFORMATORY TAKEN 'HERENerly 7 per cent, of all eggs thatare packed in crates arrive at theirdestination in bad order, according tofigures just obtained by the food research laboratory of the United ! ROOM-SIZE DRUGGETStates Department of Agriculture.Thus in New York alone there is abreakage of 24.96 eggs in each of the4,661,177 thirty-dozen cases of eggsannually received.Jofea Howard McDonough, a whiteboy;, was arrested Tuesday afternoonliy Patrolmen King and Judy andl4t in jail. The arrest of the boywas accomplished after a chase of twohoars, when the boy fled from the negro suburb of Claysville to Cypressstiet, and concealed himself beneatha poreluThe boy escaped from the reformatory Saturday, and the local police received information that he was headed in iki direction. After close questioning he admitted that he was theboy wanted and the Cincinnati autherities were notified. He was taken.-to Cincinnati yesterday.DESIRABLE BUSINESSCORNER AT AUCTION. The vacant building lot at the corner of Main street and Barnes Avenue is a desirable location for a business house, with plenty of room leftfor residence. There are but few vacant lots left on Main street, and theywill always J)e in demanl.Attend the auction sare to be heldby Harris & Speakes, oni Wednesday,May 6, at 2:30 p. m. FiVe desirableMain street lots, includingthe abovecorner lot, will be sold,are easy.Attend the sale an.d getpnz. , v'he termsTO BE GIVEN AWAY.and the two dollar bill was attachedto the following letter:DEARS1R:What you find here belongs to theL. &, N. railroadon the Maysville Di-'vision. . ,Yours truly,THE WRITER.Agent Harris will forward the letterUwith the money to the auditor of thecompany in "Louisville.See the room-size .Brussplls druggetin J. T. Hinton Company's window.To be given away at the auction saleof Main street lots on Wednesday,May 6, at 2:30 p. m. Other prizes'will also be given away at this sale(td)Butter price-fixing by; the ElginBoard of Trade has beeji ended by1the anti-trust decree which has beenentered bythe United States Court.BOURBON ATTORNEY WINSSUIT IN FRANKLIN COURT.Charles Ackerson, of Bridgewater,Conn., deserves the prize as ruralfree delivery mail carrier. Duringthe last winter,, with snow drifted toeight or ten feet much, "of -the time,and his route leading through twentyfiver miles of -sucV traveling, i napinot missed a single trio. He carrier?valuable a snow ,shovel every; .day and often",o Die a smw,shovl everyday Ad. often several instances to hjftl(28-td) ; liad to shovel out a road, for his horse. frs - ' ,- - 5The suit instituted several weeksago by County Attorney George Bat-'terton against State Auditor Bosworthto test the law regarding the fee of15 per cent, for County Attorneysin the inheritance? tax was decidedlast Saturday in favor of the plaintiff.Auditor Bosworth will carry the caseto the Couift of Appeals.The case came up in the FranklinCircuit, Court before Judga Robert L.Stout. The Tsuit instituted by?'CountyAttorney Batterton was 'for a smallamount but if theAppellaftjOoursustains tlie decision of tl'JfNwvcourt it will be iarneachingAttorneys over -the State ;to secure" their tax fees,':ftteaunty,ffMrnaieABMMU? HIHdolf ,W"You can drive the electrically conquered Haynes within -30minutes after you-first see it.. .We mean just that without exception .Maybe you have driven a car before-r-maybeyouhaventIt doesn't make a bit of differenceElectricity makes it possiblefor you to drive with 'master-handthe powerful 65 H..P.Haynes. ' "Electricity and the Vulcan Electric Gear Shift.You hold the complete mastery ofthe Haynes in a single set 'of push but-tons one button for each speed; , f.If you fail to see the electrically controlled Haynes you miss the biggestfeature at the. J-ppWe will have a Demonstration onCourt Day, May 4th.CmigrDavis Motor Co.:fllfCumberland Phone 270- Hlft-!- -.1-v.,, -V,.fr1- r",THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,,1. KENTUfcRY, MAY 1, 1914- -ST ,"VVjl"',lBf.?Ms, SOiCML AND PERSONAL.LITTLE GIRL IN PREGARIOUSCONDITION AS RESULT OF BURNSHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEWhile playing in the attic withsome companions at the home of hergranumoiner, Mrs. K. K. .Early, mJUST A ;ReminderinMrs. Harry Saloshin is visiting Lexington, Eleanor Rogers Vaughan,relatives in Cincinnati. ' tho fivo.vpnr.nid rinufriitoinf m nnd- I Mrs. Rudolph Davis is visiting her , Mrs. L. H. Vaughan, was seriouslyAll kinds rrf Aijhrfc-im0t,-,r' MrS' Elizabeth Howse in ; burned, and is now at the qood Sa-.u:iA iMf...... vainaic. .maritan Hospital, in that city,ETIODlie insurance Miss Corinne Collins, who has precarious conditionJniy ifAl1I UVIS. jueeii senuusiy m wiui uipnuiena, isjable to be out.ACCEPTS POSITION WITH ' 7Mr W" B ColchinSs a prominentsiMow ripv rirrro o-0,- pusmess man or London , Ky., is aiw.... ., .., uwuuu o I wnc I jJ4.. i ii,. :i.ViSILUl 111 L111S cityMAIN STREET LOTS AT AUCTION.Attend the public auction of five va-?nnf-. lnfe nti Smith Mnin StrpptMiss Edith Higgins. returned yes- Twoof these lots -adjoin the Old FairMr. W. C Gpntrv ho a mnnntaA n r, isition as salesman in the department i aifc.er a vlsit to Mrs- Thomas j Two of these lots adjoin the Old Fairstore otir. Harry Simon, having re-. ,r;V"r- rp , Wednesday, May b, at ssnW p. m.: ,;. FUU xa11,. a lilo lurounas property, now owned by Mr.s;gned a 'similar position with Mr. C.S. Goldstein.IT'S STRIPES..Nannie Miller are spending several jj. D McClihtock, and are sureto makei uaa in VviuuuuiaLi.Mr. Luther Hall left WednesdayNeat needle stripes in dark fabricsare the thing. Special values at $20and 325.J. W DAVIS & CO.WAXES GOOD SHIPMENT OFHORSES TO PENNSYLVANIAyou money,a prize.Attend the sale and get(28-td)for a visit with relatives in Indianap-nlis nnrJ St T.miicMr. Pat O'Neal, of Maysville, was LEAoIiTi?i,!? a.acamw.. i trthe guest this week of his brother, REUNION AT JACKSONVILLEMr. Martin O'Neal. 'Col. Brent Arnold, of Cincinnati,has been the guest of friends in thisj city for several days.Mrs. (Jiiester Amyx and son,The Carlisle Mercurv savs- "Mpwf wiiiiam, nave returned alter a visitEankin sniped this week a car load of " ner Parents Mr- and Mrs. Wilson,horses to K. D. Werley, at Hamburg m ullou-?a. He says this is the best load that ! Mrs' GeorSe Wilder is in Frankhas left Carlisle in five years " fort' where sh was called a few days. ,ago on account of the illness of herMANATTAN HEADQUARTERS J mother, Mrs. Long.' . Miss Anna Wilson, daughter ofCcme here for Manhattan shirts ' Mr' and Mrs- J- B- Wilson has arevery good style in every size is here' I nved for a visit from Hollins, Va.,$1.50, ?2.00, ?2.50. ' where she is a student.J. W. DAVIS & CO i Tlie condition of Mr. George W.I " Ellis, who recently suffered a strokeQUICK SETTLEMENT OF of Paralysis at his home on CypressJOS. M. RION INSURANCE street is slightly improved.Miss Margaret Martin, of Carlisle,L. Wollstein, secretarv of the insur-1 wll lias been the suest of Mr. andance denartment. Kniirhts nf Pvthic I Mrs. Martin O'Neal returned yester-said co Mrs. Jos. M. Rion S2oon fnr ! day to her home in Carlisle.the policy which he held in the K. of1 " Miss Bttavieve Foote, of Winchesinsurance department.SEED CORN.Carefully selected seed corn, testedfor .germination. Good. Phones 84., R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.(21-?, wks) Paris, Ky.ter, lias returned home after a visitof several days to her parents, Mr. andMrs. Charles Foote, in this, city.Mrs. Ike Price and daughter, MissLucille Price, left yesterday for Cincinnati. Miss Price will be the guestjfor several days of Mrs. Nettie ShireStraus.Mr. and Mrs. Jas. ArchdeaconW. M. Layson, of Millersburg; LanFretwell, Dr. Chas. Clarke and GanoHildreth, of Paris, left yesterday forJacksonville, Fla., to attend the Confederate reunion.Screen Wire Cloth, Door and Window Screens, all sizes, in stock, atpopular- prices.Special at 10 cents a box. InitialBox Papers, Correspondence Cards tomatch, fine die stamped initial in blue,regular 25c. quality, at 10 cents a box.FREE THIS WEEK ONLY, with apurchase of 5c, or more, an importedGerman sharpening stone, an excellent article for your kitchen. Freethis week.Wall paper, 12 rolls Side Wall with2 rolls border to match, all for 59cents, with 8 rolls ceiling includedadd 25 cents extra. ''A ? "fp-TAKES AGENCY FOR THEEQUITABLE ASSURANCEtMr. A. J. Fee, of Paris, was lastweek appointed agent for the Equitable Life Assurance Co'., in Bourboncounty and has assumed duties. Mr.Fee has been in the insurance business about one year and is one of themost popular agents in the city.Grazing WantedFor eight head of mules. Statemonthly terms. AddressTHOS. H. WALKER,417 First National Bank Bl'd's.,incinnati, O.FOR SALEWOMEN'S MISSION BOARDand Miss Millian Martin, of Carlisle,TO HOLD MEETING TODAY j motored to Paris Sunday and spenttne day with Mr. and Mrs. MartinO'Neal.-Miss Bettie Boyd, or Carlisle, for-The May meeting of the C. W. B.JVI- will be held in - ie narlors of theChristian chuich this afternoon, at 4 j merlv connected with the Bourbon janos sold either 'privately or on day'oiciock. "Our New Work in China" ! "uvie """" u- '" Lmo "J. wm I of sale. Apply toAll of the household furniture atBourbon College will be sold on June3. Velvet and moquet carpets, rugsand mattings, in excellent condition,are for sale. Excellent practice pi-ijj . . . m i oc?OYCr tit r no l-fr I rTYr rr r vtnfhwin De tne topic, a large attendance " " iu("" u,uv'c ""-" iof the membership is requested, as ajan(J arrivea yesterday.animber of important "business matters Misses Mary Clay and SallieAvill be discussed. . j Lockhart hay,e returned from Eustis,'. j Fla., where 'they spent the winter.SUDDEN CHANGES OF WEATHER ' Co1- and Mrs- E- F- Clay will not re-!j turn for several weeks. iMake a spring weight overcoat a Rev. A. D. Tadlock and son, Mr. ;necessity. , Our Balmaccans, Kimono - Edwin Tadlock, of Augusta, Ky., were .sleeve raincoats at $15, ?1S and $25 i guests of Mr. T. A. Talbott, in this !;are winners. cy Wednesday, having attendedJ. W. DAVIS & CO. Presbytery at Millersburg.(1-8-15)MRS. M. G. THOMSONSTILWELL STOCK FARM.THEFAIR.iOld Straw HatMade new by using Metropolitan Straw Hat Varnish.Unequaled for Panamas andStraws. Easy to use. Youcan clean your hat without removing the band.PRICE 10 CENTS.OWING TO OUR LARGE SPRING BUSINESSWE WERE FORCED TO DUPLICATEOUR. ORDERS ON. Silks, Challis andWash Goods.However, you will find patterns and styles that aredifferent; values that you will will sayare unsurpassedOur Dress Trimming and Lace StockCannot be equaled in this part of the State mWhen it comes to LACE CURTAINS, DRAPERIESand RUGS we are right there we have the goods,iW. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.It9S ;Dcec e MUMitMMtmnntititr.i aBORLAND'SThe Home of Good Wall PaperColoriteHome of the Champion Pat Washington, the finest Denmark stallion living. Sire of New York champions..all LU,iS,e; tbet,SractIiel.1It:1 Come and see how fine he -breedLit: uu-UKiiLiii ut :ui. unu ivii. ivuuei lCM A I I UPMD mr-B TMMitri d MiMTv a e-r xyrrArsU n i - - . e n u , ' Farm between Hutchison and Avon.SHELBY COUNTY LAST YEARL. Frank, and twin sister of Robert j - E STILWELLcowen, is criiiuuuy m at uie iiuinu ul 1fthe her parents on High street.Miss Mabel Robbins, County ,Cjiilesburg, Ky.Colors old and new StrawHats... It is not a dye nor apaint. There is nothing madethat resembles it, or thatwill produce equal or similarresults.. . Especially prepared for ladies hats. We haveit in all colors.. .Anyone cancan use it.PRICE 25. CENTS.People's PharmacyDoyle Building 8th and Main3Joth Phones"Watch Our Window."15oFOR SALEEd. R. Wilson, local agent of"Kentucky River Mills, reports that allof the hemp grown in Shelby county I o0iinni s,,ner;ntpmricmt oft Wprtnps. , . . Ilast year has been now delivered and j day to attend the annual meeting of'that the total is 180,500 pounds. This ; the Kentucky Educational Associa-is almost one-fifth of an average crop, i tion in sesson at Louisville.ccmouted on a basis of the last ten ,, TT ... , ,..,., A. .-- .! Mrs. G. S. Hamilton and little soni.f.3,rT.rM: John Sweeney, who have been the Four overhead electric fans, in ex-jJr r ma"CI . Ia.01- , , uco i guest for the past two weeks of the ' cellent condition. Will sell them at apaid for the-crop just marketed have ' f uaL , "., F ,v ... ,,; t ttttr cTnTTTi r n o 4 r. i o , nn lormers mother, Mrs. Alice Sweeney, bargain. L&&K blOUT.langed from 6 3-4 to i 1-2 cents per ... , , ' . . TTr'xtti.tov-u r vvlll leave to-day tor Two Rivers, Wis. ,' The Carlisle Advocate says: Mr.ATTEND THE LOT Fete Terry, wne anu cnnaren, oi rar , tf f ffff tf tf ttffVfn2 AWAiWALL PAPER TALK No. 4.'A comforrable. cosey living-room, decorated in warmtints of color that give it that homey look, that charmingair of restf ulness, or to have the entrance or hallway tomake a good impression. Therefore, when it comes towall-papers, come to a dealer that will show a goodassortment. Don't be satisfied with any old wall-papei:just because it is cheap, when you can get such pretty,,durable papers for so little money by coming to us.Thsee thousand rolls wall-paper, lc per roll. Coeainiand pick it out.LOOK US UP!514 Main St., Mexit to IVIrs. Mamie IPainliocj -,TELEPHONE 159a (THE J. T. HIINTON COcCALZ ON MAIN STREET i is, spent over bunaay witn relatives jI here Mr. and Mrs. Graff, of Paris,spent over Sunday with Mrs. SudieOn Wednesday. May G, at 2:30 pm.. Harris & Speakes, agents, will sell Cain."five desirable vacant lots on Main j Miss Mary McMahan, niece of Mr. ;street. Valuable prizes to be given j James Porter, who has made her 'away. Attend the sale. i home in this city for some time, was j(28-td) j taken to Carlisle Monday. Miss Mc- jMahin ic ciifforino- frnm n flPVPrn ill- ! Tness. -10LWANTEDREVENUE ASSIGNMENTSBOURBON MADE FOR MAYMrs. Ella Isgrigg continues seri-jnndv ill fit Iipt home in East Paris.Collector of Internal Revenue Ben h rijrht : hnir fintirelv nara-!Marshall has announced the following lyzed and she is conscious only at in-revenue appointments for Bourbon ., H condition is 'due to thecounty for the montn ot iViay. 'attack of a burglar about two weeksT..i:..r- inpclnf jP, Pnninanv PnriRT, . m J.. -1 VflJo-- T T ( a"L.iay U1SCO, ua aim uuluius, . -Hutchcraft, additional; W. S. Lyne,Mr. Curtis Henry went to Cin-Wc will pay highestmarket price for wool.Call at Prichard &Ball's and get our sacks.Cumberland Phone 682.Lynch & Wiggins,PARI5, KY.iThe Best!areauger.G. G. White Company, Pans: W.W. Cherry, day; W. S. Lyne, gauger.LAWN MOWERS.cinnati Wednesday to be with hH wife ((' iwho underwent an operation for anaffection of the ear. Late reports Ifiom her bedside are to the effect that .x! she is getting along nicely. jMrs. John Kiser was taken to a'IVIAY RECORDSThe May list is just out, and will" ! hospital in Cincinnati Tuesday for an t gladly play any records you wish toSee our window display ot lawji operatlonf Which was performed yes- hear. Come in; hear the new recordsmowers, which includes several styles terday Reports from her bedside Some of the new May records:and sizes. Most any price you want ( are tQ the effect that she in getting 17534 Ten inch Record "Rebec-to pay. These are all high-grade ma- along as well as couid De expected. ca of Sunny-Brook Farm", Americanchines-and are guaranteed to do the .lrs. Amos Turney, of near this Quartet; "If I Had My Way," Peer"vvork. ox'TT7r t I citv entertained with a dinner party . less Quartet..21-4t) m LAVIN &CO.hiL.Li. j Friday- The following were present: ' 17554 Ten inch Record "Do Youy ' Mr. and Mrs. James McKee, Miss Take This Woman for Your LawfulARRESTED FOR LOITERING AND Julia McKee, Misses Kimbro, Swin-J wife?" "I Do, I Do," American QuarWAS CARRYING REVOLVER . ford, VanDeering, Mrs. Mae Turney 'tet; "Why is the Ocean So Near thet and Mrs. Sallie Turney, of Cynthiana. Shore?" (From "When ClaudiaJohn Harris, colored, was arrested . Mrs. Bruce Adair and children j Smiles") Billy Murray.Wednesday morning by Patrolmen I have gone to the home of Mrs. Bettie 17562 Ten irfch- Record "I'm CryKing and Judy on a charge of loiter-. Bedford, in the county, to remain dur- ing for You," Ada Jones-Billy Murray;ing and when searched before he was j ing tue absence of Mr. Adair, who has "Let Bygones Be Bygones," ("Andlodged in jail he was found to have ' g'one to Asheville, N. C, for the benr. j Let Us Be Sweethearts Again") Hel-on his person a large revolver, a j fit of his health. Mr. M. O. BidUiei en mrK-neury isurr.weapons , on j ftv,nv rf P.inoinnnti. are occudv- ioi leu muu iveuoru wiuicThey Were Dancing Around," Peerless Quartet; "The Irish Tango," Peerless Quartet.17556 Ten inch Record "Argana-oimrfrp of carrying concealed weapons d familv. of Cincinnati, are occupywas placed against him, and he was J ing the Adair home on Mt. Airy Avefined $10 and given 25 days in jail.jnueHarris said he had been forking on rs Belle Brent Alexander, Mr..iio tkvtpnsion of the L. Ar . ranroau - ,. ,. iuvnnAK ip oh, w ..-w - i,. J1UU una. Wiumuu nicAauuci, itj... i. t n rii tlt -v-uo.and after losing his posiuon came tu Buckner Woodford, Jr., and' Mr. , c' ,lrt"?u; w""nu n TlEaris with the hope of secuning em- Mu Buckne , . tra; "Enticement Tango," Castle,iNed Brent, of this city, attended the 17.7nTn f( Wjeaing OI iVIISS muiiy vv uuuau anu (I Mr. Polk Laffoon, which was solemnized in Covington, Wednesday evenine.j At the meeting of the. Pastor's i nan(ij Aid Society of the Presbyterian 35373 Twelve"ployment.''' FRESH STRAWBERRIES.We have them fresh every day.v-J , - C. P. COOK & CO.j-'PARIS IS FOURTH )N LIST OFinch Record "Halfand Half," (A "Castle Creation") NewDance introduced at "Cstle House,"J Victor Militry Band; "Love's Melody,"Hesitation Waltz. Victor Military,menRecord "Ss-.l?J a wppJrEq FOR TOBACCO1 Church, the following officers wei merelda Waltz Hesitation, CastleHIGH AVERAGES FOR TOBACCO'. Mfss Lucy Colvllle. president, j HoU8e Orchestra; "Cecile," Waltz. . . u j- 4i, Mrs. - louis layiui, mat viuc-picdi- Hpsitation. nastle House Orchestra.Paris last season a iu.u "l" denf Mrs. Duncan Bell, second vicelist of high averages .Jfoba ' pSdent; Mrs. Owen Davis, secre-Winchester made the mgHest .aver-, f Thornwell Tadlock, treas-nge of any loose leaf, tobacco market J.'"in Central Kentucky, according to fig-ureu-35375 Twelve inch Record "Dengozo," Maxixe. Victor Military Band;ac sst r.nmniled by the WesternTobacco Journal. .ATTENDTHE LOT .The following arc the figures for SALEpN MAIN STREETthe leading markets in the Bluegrass: JjWinchester, $12.84; Lexington, $12.-&5- Richmond. $12.05; Pfiris. $11.94; On Wednesday, May 6, at 2:30 p.ML Sterling, $11.83; Cynthiana, $11.-' Harris& Spe&kes, agents, will sell4, ilwysvUler $10.19. Xexington and $ nVe desjraMe -vacant lots; on MainTtHwiwuh tied for second -honors, as i street. Valuable prizes, to be givenoaa be eeeo by the figuree. away. ' Attend the sale.Destiny Waltz," Boston or Hesitation, Victor Military Band.35376 Twelve inch R e c o r d."Laughing Husband," ' "Medley OneStep or. Trot, Victor Military Band ;"You'ie Here and I'm Here," "Take AStep With Me,'" "Bought arid PaidFor;'" "High Jinks," One-Step oTTro;t-"Jim," "When Sammy Sang the Marselllaise' ViQtor- Military Band.r ' DAUGHERTY SROS, v vFifth and Main Streets. ..AlwaystheCheapestDon't Endanger&YourHealthWitJi a. ;Cheap"R efriQerdtow4I ntODORLESSREPRIGERATORJust Received Now on Display...-k tYou have heard of this great Refrigerator. We want you to see them' imf'know what they are. YOUR SATISFACTION IS GUARANTEED. .All Odorless' Refrigerators are cased with the most carefully selected jumTthoroughly KILN DRIED OAK, not ash stained to imitate oak, but genuine oaJtitself y the material used in all high.grade Refrigerators and imitated in all othtrsTThe Odorless is also lined with LINOELT and it is NAILED m place, and &st to stay where it is put. The Odorless is made in both the White Enamel ailthe Porcelain genuine lined. Will you let us show you these great Refrigerators7If you want a cheaper Refrigerator we have it. Come to-day.THE J, T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky7Phones 36Undertaking-Ambulance Wood Mantelsmit2THE . BOUfceON NEWS frARIS, KYl MAY 1, 1941." ,4FREE ONEONE 25-CT. SANI-GENIC DUSTERCLOTH WITH EACH SANIGENIC POLISH MOP.ADJUSTINGMl OLE'SEE THAT.NOSE33a7TwWWllMTmUmimYWMMmMllllmlflmWWMWafuMlillllllHtlilllnMlwmM Mlilillm niiiimiiHiii iiiKinuu immwmmmmMmr'IT A CRCKERxiACK. .. . .Makes it easy to clean"woodwork andjet-at places.C. A.furniture.HIGH-GRADE HOUSE PAINTING.Both Pftones 23 1 .Woodland Stock FarmHeadquarters For Draft HorsesBuster B.2ark Bay Horse, Weight 1,700.Sired by Imported Glitter 58803.Dam by Imported Queen 41490.JS10.00 TO INSURE.BUSTER B. is a coming four-year-ldjfanda young stallion of markedsize and condition. He is the kindthat will appeal to your fancy and you-will make no 'mistake in breeding toMm.The Above Horses Will Make the Sea son of 1914 at Woodland Stock Farm.About 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due whencolt is foaled, mare transferred or bre d to other stock without my consent,lien retained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to preventaccidents, but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON, Lair, Kentucky.Fine SpringFor Men andBoys.Best Hats at Lowest0. IPrices ; ,- -atTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L WoHstein, Proprietor.f ; We will have in Paris a Full Stock allI Pope, Plying Marshall and Day ton.The Joseph Candioto Co.151-153-155 North Broadway, Lexington, Ky.Supplies of all kinds. 'WEEK ONLY!m m -3X.'-hphi iii in: inman who originally signed a small. ,. . ., .ci.r, 'check finals that a large one has beenand polish your floors. Poidr and the hard part of it is overReaches the hard-ToDAUGHERTYFifth anri Main frppK !I mil uuu i IUUI oil CCJS.nHiiBur leyBlack Percheron; Weight 1760.$10.00 TO INSURE. "BURLEY is a splendid specimen ofthe dratt horse and his get haveproved to be. of the very best. Thereis a steadily growing demand for thej class of horses produced by Burley,both upon the farm and in the cities. 'They can stand more work than theaverage horse. He is 8 years old, a'beautiful black, well formed, and ofthe class that catches the eye. In selecting a horse to breed to pick onewhose produce commands the bestprice. ,uiotkC0OO9-4&4-tEXCELSIORiMILLIONS LOST YEARLY" Statistics Show Check Raisers' andForgers Fleece Victims Out of Immense Fortunes Annually. "(Texas Bankers' Journal.)The latest statistics from the bestauthentic sources show the totallosses through altered checlcs anddrafts in 1911 amounted to $15,000,000, and is constantly oh the increase.At first reading these figures seemalmost incredulous; but statistics arehard things to get around, and we arebrought face to face with' a very serious condition.To a carefully trained eye a forgedsignature is easily detected in mostcases, though the forger sometimesattains facilities for copying signatures that are next to artistic. However, the most ' popular way amongcrooks seems to be that of securing,through various ways, a check ofIsmail amount with the genuine signature of a depositor, and .raising theamount to a fancy figure. The banker, after close scrutiny of the signature, -pays the check, and 'within duetime-s-often two or three weeks theTmS TasL to raise a checkthan most people imagine. It doesn'trequire great skill to raise a checkfrom $4 to $40 or from $5 to $50. Thisis true in almost any of the even multiples of five. Even when the face ofthe check cannot be changed by adJ ding prefixes of suffixes, the clever1 crook simply erases the writing withan acid and fills in an amount to hisown Hk.ng Tnis is even done on"safety paper," which is supposed bymany to be proof against such-tricksof a crook. A case recently came tolight in Texas where a check, writtenon "safety paper," had been raisedfrom $20.10 to $50.10. A few slightchanges with pen and ink, with onelittle acid change, accomplished thetrick.The cleverness of the check-raisingcrook is manifest by the fact that henever tampers with the signature, andthat being genuine, raised checks areoften paid by bankers. It is very necessary that all people doing a, banking business exercise all possible carein writing their own checks, as innearly every case in which a checkraiser figures it is the individual giving the check, and not the bank,which sustains the loss.The banking laws are such that theman who draws a check is protectedonly in the signature, and not thebody of the check. For instance, ifa check signed by William Morris for$5 is raised to $500, and the signaturehas not been altered, Mr. Morris isthe person who loses the $495, and notthe bank. However, if the signaturehas been changed and the bank paidthe money on the check then the bankis liable.So many case's of check raisinghave come to light in Texas that theassociatioin detectives have asked theco-operation of all banks to stamp itout. Banks can aid greatly by advising and insisting on their depositorsusing all precautions in writing theirchecks.If the Mexican army is as powerfulas Huerta claims it is strange thathe has been unable to put Villa outof the way.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.'As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating 'catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamIiledicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold. ' Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxton Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.XModels. We Sell,'-,FIFTEENmm soivsolved oncrfor all by CalumetFor daily tisq in millions of kitchens haproved that Calumet is highest not only iquality but ia leavening paiver as,, well unfoiling- in results pure to the extreme amwonderfully economical in use. Ask yomgrocer. And try Calumet next bake day.. Received Highest AwardsWorld' PnreFood Eipo'itioa,Chicago, 11!.Paris Exposition, France,March,1912.FOUND WATCH WHICH HADEEEN LOST TWELVE YEARSTwelve years ago while plowing onthe Joe Dolan farm in Scott county,Mr. Charles Payne lost a valuablewatch which had been given him as apremium by the Avery Plow Company.He never expected to see the time-piece again. A few days ago, how-Jever, a Mr. Haney, while doing thespring plowing on the tract where the .watch was lost, dug up the missingtimepiece, which had been buriedtwelve inches beneath the surface. Itis a coincidence that the watch wasdug up by an Avery plow, and that itshands pointed to 1Q:15, which was approximately the time -.vnen it was lostand also within a few minutes of the Itime when it was found. The heavyscrew case had so effectively kept outdirt and moisture in the twelve yearsthat it lay buried that when wound it istarted off again without cleaning oradjusting. As the timepiece is now ;' twelve years and three weeks slow,Mr. Payne will have the watch sentto a jeweler to be brought up to date.For a part of the time since the watchwas lost the land had been in pasture, 'j or it might have been found sooner.TWO AND ONE-HALF CENTFARE BILL IS'lN DANGERWhile comparing bills passed by theGeneral Assembly if 1914, AssistantAttorney General , Morr,is found thatthe enacting clause required by Section 62 of the Constitution, "Be it enacted by the General Assembly of theCommonwealth of Kentucky" is lacking in the act providing for 2 centfa. 4 on common carriers. The billwas one of the last amended by theiSenate and concurred in by the Housein the final hours of the session, andit was carefully enrolled by severalassistants, as the varying handwritingshows. It is a question whether thiswill invalidate the act.Mis SicknessA Sin? A Sin ofm Commissionor a Sin of Omission? Or Both?, We transgress Nature's laws, the Liverstrikes, tlieu we omit or neglect untilwe ache or sicken.Loosen the dammed-up bile. Keep itloose with the old time-tried May AppleRoot, (Podophyllin.) Podophyllxn with,,the gripe taken out is calledri&frE?!Mter iI Toa don't save money wiea you Lay cleap cr bic-eaa II baking powder. Don't be misled. Buy Calumet. It's II sore ecoBomical more wholesome give best results. II Csdamet is far superior to sour milk and soda. PDO ANIMALS REASON OR' FEEL HUMAN PROJECTION(Paris Cor. Chicago News.) . .Prof. Hatchet Squplet, director ofJie French Institute of ZoologicalPsychology, is not convinced that anmals have reasoning powers. He.hinks it is the projection of the human nerve fluid or explosion of humanwill-power to which animals are moresensative than men, that producessuch phenomena as Herr Krall'snorse, Muhammed, in Elberfield, Germany, which extracts cube roots,, andHerr Mockers dog, Rolf, in Mannheim, Germany, which speaks bymeans of tapping a lot of letters withhis paws."Reasoning animals," 'says Prof.Souplet in an article published, "areas fashionable as were sympatheticsnails and tipping tables formerly.Hardly a week has parsed in the lastsix months without new discoveriesalong this line. Respectable womenand grave men have brought to theattention of this institute a cat that isan astronomer, a mule that is a moralphilosopher, a mackerel that is a political economist, and a multitude ofdogs and horses that calculate, solvegeometrical problems, compounddrugs, write plays and compose music. These are the exact expressionsemployed by our correspondents."Prof. Souplet expresses the theorythat animals have highly developedsenses capable of feeling the so-calledhuman nervous fluid, which alreadyhas been barometrically measured bysuch experimenters as Joire, Baraduc,Duchatel and Warcolier. He citesthe example of a dog that is separatedfrom his master by a curtain and yethangs its tail when the master pretends madness, and wags its tail whenthe master pretends gladness. Henceadmitting that certain dogs and horsesare exceptionally intelligent, Prof.Souplet expresses the belief that insome way an impulse is unconsciously communicated to a horse or dog,indicating exactly when it is to stoptapping its foot, etc."Electrical tricks," continues theprofessor, "are employed in some circuses on "fake" calculating animals.Wireless emissions of electricity ringa tiny bell hidden in a horses maneor ears or on a desk behind whichit stands, indicting to the animal tostop whatever movement it has begun.COUGH' MEDICINE FOR CHILDRENToo much care cannot be exercisedin selecting a cough medicine forchildren. It should be pleasant totake, contain no harmful substance,and be most effectual. Chamberlain'sCough Remedy meets these requirements and is a favorite with the mothers of young children everywhere.For sale by all dealers.(April) (adv)LIFE.vWhen you have coin we'll shake yourhandIn any sort of weather;But when you're broke, please understand, We'll shake you altogether. .WUFF!"Thoy say they wear slit skirts toshowThejr limbs," said Mr. Sniggs;"But there is some mistake, I know,For most of them show twigs."P n Wy ill i CO C IFyB!iiTBjTWaHLumbago-SciaticauBBBBjMHMVnHHKrEjKH JSpraiaed AnkI"As a user of your Liniment for the last 15 years, I can say it is one of the best onthe market. Fifteen years ago I sprained my ankle and had to use crutches, andthe doctors said I would always be lame. A friend advised me to try your Linimentand after using it night and morning for three months I could walk. without a caneand run aa good as any of the other firemen in my department. I have never beenWithout a bottle billce that time." Mr. William U. Briscoe, Central blip, N. fmSLOANSLINIMENTAt all Dealers. Price 25c., 50c asd $1.00Sloan's Instructive Book on horses, cattle, poultry and hdgs, sent free.Address, DR. EARL S. SLOAN, Imo, BOSTON, MASS.WOMAN COULDMOT SIT UPNow Does Her Own Work.Lydia E. Pinkkam's Vegetable Compound Helped Her.Ironton, Ohio." I am enjoying better health now than I have for twelveyears. When I began to take Lydia E.Pinkham's - Vegetable Compound Icould not sit up. Ihad female troublesand was very nervous. I used theremedies a year andI can do my workand for the last eightmonths I haveworked for otherwomen, too. I cannot praise Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound enoughfor I know I never would have been aswell if I had not taken it and I recommend it to suffering women."Daughter Helped Also."I gave it to my daughter when shawas thirteen years old. She was inschool and was a nervous wreck, andcould not sleep nights. Now she looksso healthy that even the doctor speaksof it. You can publish this letter if youlike. "Mrs. Rena Bowman, 161 S. 10thStreet, Ironton, Ohio.Why will women continue to sufferday in. and day out and drag cut a sickly,half-hearted existence, missing threefourths of the joy of living, when theycan find health in Lydia E. Prskham'oVegetable Compound?If you have the slightest doubtthat IiydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will help you, writeto Lydia E.PinkhamMedieine Co., (confidential)ljynn5Mass.,forad.vice. Your letter will he opened,read and answered by a womanand held in strict confidence.USE "TIZ" FOR SORE,TIRED, SWEATY FEET."TIZ" makes sore, burning, tiredfeet fairly dance with, delight Awaygo the aches and pains, the corns,,callouses, blisters and bunions."TIZ" drawsout the acidsand poisons thatpuff up your "feetNo matter howhard you work,how long youdance, how 'faryou walk, or howlong you remainon your feet,"TIZ"brings restful foot comfort."TIZ" is wonderful for tired, aching,swollen, smarting feet. Your feet justtinge for joy; shoes never hurt orseem tight.Get a 25 cent box of "TIZ" nowfrom any druggist or departmentstore .End foot torture forever weansmaller shoes, keep your feet fresh,sweet and happy. Just think! awhole year's foot comfort for only 25cents.(No. 2-fri)I? I altSprains"The directions seys, its good forlumbago too, Sloan's cured myrheumatism; I've used it and Iknow." Do you use Sloan's?Here's Proof."I had my back hurt in the Boer Warand two years ago I was hit by a streetcar. I tried all kinds of dope withoutsuccess. I saw your Liniment in a dnistore and got a bottle to try. The llrstapplication caused instant relief, and nowexcept for a little stitfne, I am almostwell. FUtclier Iformaii, Whittle., Calif.Instant Relief from Sciatica" I was kept in bed with sciatica sincethe first of February, hut I had almost instant relief when I tried your Liniment,"W. M. IlatcUru, Frankfort, Ky.nx,' yav-':x7k1 fjVJHL.vt" rt:JV..:jr l1 4i,: il Von'Sale by All Druggists.v,-&r1HE BOURBQFTNLWV PARIS, KENTUCKY, MA'1 1914HPT-utttSSTmHJAsirSMOTHERING SPELLSSour Stomach, Heart BurnDEAFNESS CANNOT BE CUREDBSSbK& j- jBSSk... SpVHMRS. JAMES A. HALL.Box 36, Norris City,Illinois.In October,1910, we receiveda better fromMrs. Hall, from-which we makethe following: extracts: "About twelveyears ago mylieaJth began tofail. I couldn'teat anythingwithout sufferingfor it I hadheart burn, sourstomach, palpitation of theheart, smothering spells, pains in my sides andback. In fact, I suffered all over,and a cough almost like consumption. Doctors failed to relieve me;in fact, they didn't seem to knowwhat ailed me. i' continued to growworse until I was able to sit up onlya part of the time. I had almost lostall hopes of ever being any better."But one day some one threw somebooks in at my door. I read themand found them to be Peruna books."They described my feeling so trulyI sent at once and got a bottle andbegan taking it. You pronouncedmy ailment systemic catarrh, andgave me some advice."When I had taken two and onehalf bottles I began to eat withoutsuffering. I continued to improve."When I had taken eight I was likea new person. That was nine yearsago."I think Peruna the greatest family remedy there is, for so many ailments are due to catarrhal trouble. Iwould advise any one afflicted withcatarrh to take Peruna and I am sureit will leave."In the Revised "Ills of Life" wehave many similar testimonials whichshould interest sick people everywhere. Sent free by the Peruna Co.,Columbus, Ohio. b.People who object to liquid medicines can now obtain Peruna Tablets.by local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portions of the ear. JThere is only one way to cure deaf-ness, and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by an .$.1 inflamed condition of the mucous1 lining of the Eustachian Tube. When' this tube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed deafness isthe result, and .unless the inflamma-lI finn nan hf tnlrpn nut and this t.iihf; i! restored to its normal condition, thehearing will be destroyed forever;rnine cases put of ten are caused byCatarrh, which is nothing but an in-l flamed condition of the mucous surfaces.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of deafness (caused bycatarrh) that cannot be cured byHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars, free. "-F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (April) " (adv)HJI Ijl ijt lfHf4lMMgMgMgMgMMMSlVl.'Mll.MllMM 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1Eggs of different species of birdsgreatly differ in shape, but the yolksare invariably spherical.CLEARS COMPLEXIONREMOVES SKIN BLEMISHESWhy go through life embarrassed anddisfigured with pimples, eruptions,blackheads, red rough skin, or suffering the tortures of eczema, itch, tetter, salt rheum? Just ask your druggist for Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment. Follow the simple suggestionsand your skin worries are over,for babies and delicate, tender skins.Stops chapping. Always helps. Relief or money back. 50c. at yourdruggist.(April) (adv)The fad for cooking in paper bagshas disappeared, but lots of marriedcouples are still eating out of paperbags.A farmer's idea of a Dude is a manwho wants two forks when he eats ameal.One application soothes and heals a roughpimplysk.in,and.whcnrepeated.quicklveffectsa cure. Eczema, Ervs pelas, Tetter, Ulcers andall skin diseases yield to its curative properties.ouc a box. At all Druggists.Send for free sample and hook " Health and Beautx."JOHNSTON. HOLLOWAY & CO.,2.730 Spring Garden Z-t., Phlla., Pa.- 1 4 1 J V U-11I.JL1J Ik lid HillFlush out the accumulated wasteand poisons of the winter months;cleans your stomach, liver and kid-.neys of all impurities. Take Dr.King's New Life Pills; nothing betterfor purifying the blood. Mild, nongriping laxative. Cures constipation;makes you feel fine. Take no other.35c. at your druggist.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for all hurts.I (April) (adv)Don't wonder if She is a half hourlater than usual getting ready whenyou call to take her to the theatre,rMttirv FrTlriir TMim fliAra noiir CTitfProfessional Cards isrve sk to stay put if !t takeDr. Wm. Keriney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones gg,.Residence &.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentuckyJ J. WmtilAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Buildine-EAGLE eye SALVEGOOD FOR THE EYES -AND EYES ONLYE1GII! EYES?Bo yon tblnk that watery, matteryeyes are natural? Do yon believethat styes, cronnlated lids, poorsight, growths, are natural? UseEAGLE EYE SAI.VJE and yon hmoEagle Eyes ag-oln.For Sale by All Druggists.L. & N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913 J"' " Trains -A.rrrveNo5 - FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily ' ."..' :5:21am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily ; 5:18 am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except S unda.y. .. :-. i 7:35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday....: '. 7:38am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:42 am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily 9:38am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily "Except Sunday 10:20am12 Lexington, Ky., Daily , 10:15 am33 'Cincinnati O., Daily 10:24 am26 Lexington, Ky , Daily Except Su nday 12: 00 m25 Cynthipi i. Ky., Daily Except Su nday 3:10 pm9 MaysvilL, I v., Daily Except Su nday 3:15 pm138 Lexington, K v.. Daily i 3:33 pm38 Knoxville, '. , Diily 3:30 pm5 Maysville, Kj. DVly 5:35 pm39 Cincinnati, O., Lr iy Except Su nday 5: 50. pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla.. Daily 6:23 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50pmTrains IDeioartNo. TO34 Cincinnati, O., Daily 5:28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . .... 5:35am7 Lexington. Ky., Daily Except Sunday ...." 7:47am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily '. 9:43 am' 37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9:45 am33 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily .. 10:29 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:27 am6 Maysville, Ky, Daily 12:05 pm,'26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 1 12:04 am' 13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .. 3 : 33 pm38 Cincinnati, 0.,v Daily 3:40 pm' 9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday- 5:56 pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:58 pis32 Cincinnati, O., Daily . '. 6:28 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:25 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.-. .-. 6:40 pm31 Lexington. Ky., Daily .,. 10:55 pm131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:57pmTrains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:4(J an4' Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pn- ' Trains IDeart .No. . TO , ' , -1 Frankkf ort, Ky., Daily Kxcopt Su nday . ,; t. 8 : 30 an.-vFramkrt, Ky., Daily Except S nday. ; 5:25 PQj . , - . ' ---7'V f' ' x t , "r4:The" '.: . -Tire QuestionSettled- Here's a Proposition to Convince Even the Most SkepticalWE GUARANTEE 5,000 MULEStWE CONTRADICTSOME MISSTATEMENTS "There is really no such tiling ssgreater expense to the man who drivesa Cadillac.Competitors, heaten at every pointof perfomance and durability, anddriven to their wits' ends for somefeature wherein to assail the Cadillac,preach that its weight makes it ""hardon tires." Cadillac owners who havedriven their cars for many years know,better.Tirem akers guaranteed their tiresfor the same mileage on Cadillacs ason other cars.. .It is an ordinary matter for Cadillacowners to get' 5,000 or 6,000 miles' service from their tires... And there aremany who get even greater mileage.We can prove this "by letters nowon file and open to the public's inspection.WE CONFESS TOSUBSTANTIAL WEIGHT 'The Cadillac is heavier than manyof the ordinary medium-priced, cars.Therein lies the reason of its established superiority. That is why it isknown as the mcrst durable automobilebuilt, and why its owner is not calledon in after years to pay large billsfor parts and labor.If purchasers of automobiles wouldlook at the inside of some outwardlygood-looking carsetbefore buying (asthey have, alas, so frequently to dolater on in many cases) there wouldbe fewer of the type of flimsy carsthat are being sold on the strength oftalk, just talk and promises, year after year, with nothing back of it Joshow.They would not buy cars so skimpin material as to fall short of the lineof economy and safety.WE INVITESOME COMPARISONSThe 1914 Cadillac will use no mGretires than any other good car.It will average 15 miles to a gallonof gasoline and more if driven by anexpert.It will run about 1,000 miles to a gallon of cylinder oil. (We challengecomparison with any automebie in theworld on this point.)It will climb hills alongside thehighest-price cars made.themi'H.. -4most ofmAnd now we dispose of the last remainingargument of FLIMSY-WEIGHT competition;It will outstriospeed.It is as free from vibration, assmoth-running and as easy-riding asany car made, regardless of the number of cylinders...It is the only car embodying thetremendous advantages of the twospeed direct- drive, the one great development of the year in motor carconstruction..With Every 1914 Cadillac IS S3? We Will Give a5,000-Mile Tire Guarantee(In Other Words, 1,500 in Addition to the 3,500 Given by the Tire Makers, and' Extended Under the Same Conditions as Prescribed by the Makers.)You Can Be Assured of Cadillac Subs tantiability and Maximum Tire Service fKentucky Automobile Co., LouisvilleCADILLAC SERVICE DEPOTMain and Spring Sts., Lexington, Ky.frfrlt42''i4''i4'4,4t4,44"I,,I,frfrSTRAIGHT AT IT.There is no use of oifr "beatingaround the bush." We might as wellout with it first as last. We want youto try Chamberlain's Cough Remedythe next ime you have a cough or acold. There is no reason as far aswe can see why you should not do so.This preparation by its remarkablecures has gained a world wide reputation, and people everywhere speak ofit in the highest terms of praise. Itis for sale by all dealers.(April) (adv)A girl of seventeen goes aroundbragging that she is an old maid.But it is different vvhen she is twenty-seven.FOUND CURE FOR RHEUMATISMLUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)After a man has bucked the gamelong enough he learns to go to theDictionary when he wants to findSympathy.No matter how scarce other things ' can't look into the future. If wegrow you will notice that there are could there would be a Tieap more oifLalways enough dogs in the world. maids and old bachelors- in the world.What has become of the old-fash- The reason why the women .callioned man who was going to fly across Ihem Sewing Bees is because tthy:the Atlantic Ocean? gather to buzz and sting females wfaaMaybe it is a good thing that we do not happen to be present.gJljJiiiiiililiiiiliiiiiiiiililiiliiliflliiiliiinHEHct. n..n..j ...:4-i. v. ..n A 4....X &UU.B1CU W1LU llieUlUilLiSlU J.U1 IWUlyears ana coma not get my riguthand to my mouth for that length oftime," writes Lee L. Chapman, Mapleton, Iowa. "I suffered terrible painso I could not sleep or lie still atnight. Five years ago I began usingChamberlain's Liniment and in twomonths I was well and have not suffered with rheumatism since." Forsale by all dealers.(April) (adv)CLARK MONUMENT BILLIS FAVORABLY REPORTEDThe Bradley bill providing for theselection and purchase of a monumentor memorial to the memory of Gen.George Rogers Clark, to be located inJefferson county, was reported favorably by the Senate Library Committee at Washington, Tuesday. Itnames President Wilson, Gen. Wm. B.Haldeman, Bernard Bernheim ndVice President Marshall as membersof a commission to be known as theClark Monument, or Memorial Commission, to select and procure a location at some point in Jefferson county, Ky., and to select a plan and design for a monument or memorial.It provides that the 'limit of cost forthe memorial shall be $350,000, ofwhich the bill immediately appropriates $10,000. The commission is toserve without pay, to submit annuallyto Congress an estimate of theamount of money necessary for carrying on the work, to employ thosewhom it deems necessary, and toavail itself, of, the services or adviqerof the Commission , of F4ne Arts. Thebill has- been pending for some, time,and there is little likelihood that itwill be passed at this session.You can vear these corsetsthroughout the day without a distressed and thoroughly tired out feeling.m7ShjCo& IHE eirrrfl sfrp-ncrfTi rvf ma-rerialc;J- used in Rengo Belt corsets Jfgives support mat is particularly Vyjrestrui wnen tne garments are adjusted to reduce the excess fleshat the back, hips and abdomen. Noother corsets have the strength to holdtheir shape so long under these 'tryingconditions. With the elastic vebbinginserts 'over the highs and at back,freedom is allowed exactly where neededstout women are dancing, and bendingin these corsets with perfect grace andwonderful comfort.The boning is of double watch springsteels very pliable but extra stronsand is guaranteed not to rust. The ,crowning feature of Rengo Belt corsets is theirthoroughly strong materials and tailoring without which all other reducing corsets fail.55REHGOI, BELT itEATuaerri.iHiv&rI rJSSr15, PRANK &mmmmmmmm.i.-. .-.'THE BOURBON NEWS, .PARIS, KENTUCKY..MAY 1, 1&14.Is the Choicest Pickings of the bestknoVvn Gardens ol the Orient andis noted lor its fine flavor and delicate Aroma. Try it today. Forsale by all Grocers.Why py more. Noted the Worldover as the Best. Packed freshevery day, in sanitary sealed cartons. For sale by all Grocers at 30cents per pound. Save the Coupons.Certified CheckCERTIFIED CHECKtTEAtttHv-)iA NEAT 3AR3ER SHOP.Mr. Carl Crawford has opened up ajiew and cozy barber shop at the corner of Fourth and Main streets. Newlurniture, sterilizers, hot water heaters, etc. Mr. Crawford and anothercapable barber are in charge and areready to take care of the wnts of theparticular men. Mr. Crawford invitesall his old customers and the general.public to visit him in his new place.(24-tf)London's proposed postal tube is tobe nine feet in diameter and six and alialf miles long. It Is to be fitted fortVo nacks, each two feet wide, car-.-rying steel trucks operated by motors.'Theline proposed will be constructed.'throughout in the Lonl- i clay.Ove: $7,000,000 has been spent byJbe Government in biriding the locksand dams in the rivers of Kentucky.To strengthen the friendly ties existing between the United States and-Japan, isone of the aims of a new.Japanese society orga-i-.ed in NewToil..OF M1LLERSBURGQuite a number from liere attended the Robinson circus at Paris Wednesday. ,Mrs. B. F. Goodman, of Lexington, is the guest of her aunt, Mrs.Henry Bowling.Mr. S. E. Bruce left Wednesdayfor a business trip to Vanceburg, andwill return today.Miss Nola Redd, who has 'beenteaching in Florida, has returnedliome for the summer.The M. M. I. and Paris HighSchool ball teams will cross batsMonday afternoon on the latter'sgrounds.Mr. Willim Gault has returned tohis home at Maysville after a month'svisit to his sisters, Mrs. W. R. Barnesand Mrs. J. F. Caldwell.Rev. Atkinson, evangelist for theEbenezer Presbytery of the Presbyterian church, was the guest of Rev. A.studied under Mrs. Best and has completed the equivilent of a four-yearcourse. Next year Miss Hurst willenter the National School of Elocutionand Oratory, at Philadelphia, whereshe will be given credit for half of theregular course. This advanced standing is awarded to all Mrs. Best's graduates. The rehearsal will be given inthe Oratory of the Millersburg Military Institute. Invitations have beensent out and t large crowd is expected. Dr. and Mrs. W. G. Dailey entertained the following out-of-townfriends to an elaborate dining Wednesday evening: Mr. John VanDeering, Sr., Mr. Alii Wiggleworth, MissMary Frances Wiggleworth, Mr. Harry Wiggleworth, Cynthiana, and Mrs.Frank Wiggleworth, Russellville, Ark.Rev. J. S. Sims, pastor, will occupy his pulpit at the Methodist churchSunday morning .at 10:45 o'clock.Night service at 7:30 o'clock. Sunday school at 9:-30 a. m. Every member is urged to be present. EpworthLeague at 6:45 p. m. Subject, "Extending the Frontiers of the King-Leader, Mr. Sherman Snapp.NEWS ASOUT MEXICO TOLDIN PHILIP TERRY'S "MEXICO."0ee?6sudsft imnnrfmiu. UuuL. :S, Venable from Monday until todayMrs. J. Clarke Leer entertained rlnrnthe Rook Club Thursday afternoon The"public is cordially incited1 ,- w , . w 1CBUU A Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds Letton,uiis"tiui xueciL diiua.au xuuv.ii xo Mrs a K Hurst) x R Redmon and.. - E. M. Thomason, while returninglncctiiiBservedThere was a calledof.frnm fvn tViinra alinnf ? n m Arm.the Ebenezer Presbytery of the South- day wnere they had spenJ. dayEighth and MainNo DeliveryNo PhonesNo CreditWe are now using aSanitary Fish Cabinet,and i-eceiving- Fresh Fishdaily. We save you from4c to 10c per pound onFish.We do not clean anyFish, but we save youmoney on them and giveyou good, fresh Fish atall times. Clean yourFish and you know thatthey are clean.M. J. Heller&CO.ern church at the Millersburg Presbyterian church Tuesday night. It wasto attend to business demanding urgent atention.The following teachers from hereare attending the Kentucky Educational Association, now in session inLouisville: Misses Hazel Kerr, DrusieElliott, Nannie Clarke, Kizzie Mae McDaniel and Flora Mason.Mr. H. D. Custer has resigned hisposition as barber for Mr. T. T. Bentley, and will leave Sunday forSincinnati, where he will enlist in the U. S.army. Mr. Custer has been in theservice before.Rev. and Mrs. J. D. Redd leave today for Hindman, where Rev. ReddwTill deliver the baccalaureate sermonfor the W. C. T. U. school at thatpoint. Rev. and Mrs. Redd will meetin Lexington, as Mrs. Redd is justrturnine from Florida.me becond team of TransylvaniaUniversity lost an exciting game ofbaseball with the Millersburg MilitaryInstitute here by the score of 8 to 1.Good team work, coolness in tightplaces, and efficient and timely batting were responsible for the victoryof the cadets, while the lack of thesethings on the part of the collegianswere the chief factors in creating thelarge score.' Smith pitched good ballthroughout the' game and was supported in fine style by his team, Fogg,Allen and Keyser playing especiallywell. For the visitors Robertson andArnett played splendid ball.On the evening of Saturday, May2, Mrs. C. M. Best will present MissAmelia Hurst in a final public rehear-I sal in elocution. Miss Hurst has accident.For general information, historicaland geographical, reinforced by clear,accurate maps, those who are following events in our present crisis coulddo no better than turn to "Terry'sMexico," a handbook by T. PhillipTeny, published by Houghton-MifflinCompany. "Terry's Mexico" is not abook of hasty impressions; it is acompendium of exact informationtaold in practical and interesting fashion. The chapter oh Vera Cruz, isjust now Of peculiar interest. Thiscity was namGd La Villa Rica de laVera Cruz, ("The rich Town of theTrue Cross") by Hernando Cortes,who anchored in the roadstead April21, 1519, and landed the following day,which was Good Friday. Almost immediately the settlement was movedinland, but in 1599 Gaspar de Zuniga,Viceroy of Mexico and Count of Monterey, ordeied the town removed tothe original site. For many years thepresent town was called New VeraCruz to differentiate it from the oldabandoned town. Until the middle of ithe last century a high stone wall sur-'rounded the port, completely exclud-,ing the purifying sea breezes and ren-1dering it one of the most unhealthyspots on the Gulf Coast. Few citieshave suffered more heart-breakingtrials. It has been repeatedly sackedby buccaneers, bombarded by foreignfleets, scourged by cholera and yellowfever, torn by internecine stnie, anabuffeted and wrecked by hurricanes.At the close of the Mexican war forindependence (1821) the Spanishtroops subjected the port to such aterrifiic bombardment that it was almost ground to powder. In 1838 boththe town and castle were attacked bythe French, and in 1847 both againsuffered a cannonading by the American forces under the command of Gen-had a merry chase with a mule justafter passing through Ruddels Mills.The mule was grazing on the side ofthe road, and as the automobile approached the animal became frightcide and ran down the pike, keepingthecenter of the pike. This continuedfor about twenty yards, when themule stumbled and fell. Mr. Redmon,who was driving the machine, was unable to stop it until after it had runupon the mule. This threw the machine to the side of tyie road, drageine the mule some distance under it.the niachiiip. eroincr nartlv over a five- eral Scott SO severe that the effectsfoot embankment. One of the -front are still visible on the walls of thewheels left the road entirely. The I castle. Vera Cruz is now called La!bumper was torn from the machine, Siempre Heroica, "the. always heroic, jthe steering rod bent and one wheel j isomewhat damaged. When the mule j PUBLIC SALE.and tne macmne landed on tne siae orWE BEG TO ANNOUNCEthat on Tuesday, March 3d, weplace on sale Spring Styles inNETTLETON SHOESthe footwear of distinction for menGeo. McWilliamsTheShoe ManfWilIrn!i-f , LA !THE AMERICAN MAGAZINE.FOR THE MONTH OF MAY.the road the machine was not on themule. The occupants of the machineAttend the G. C. Thompson sale onMav 7. at 2 n. m. Handsome nomeOne of the Tnost important contri-? It hurriedly, while the "? t beautiful Midi., lots will ?f ""J-mule kicked frantically for a time,trying to extricate itself. However,finding that it could not do this it became quiet and lay under the machineeating grass from the side of the roadMr. E. B. Tylor was called over thetelephone,- and in a short while wason the scene with another machineand ropes to pull the Letton machinefrom over the mule, which was theproperty of Mr. Oliver, of RuddelsAs soon as the machine was removedthe mule got up, shook itself, walkedleisurely to the barn and began eatingcorn and hay, as though nothing hadhappened. The mule was somewhatlame prior to its fall and seemed tobe no worse after all the dangerousbe sold.(l-2t)See adv. in another' column.of President Woodrow Wilson, writtenby Ray Stannard Baker, who has beencalled "the greatest reporter in theworld." Other highly interesting articles are: "Experiences of an Airman,A rebel general at Tampico reportsthat he has captured the cemetery.Probably the most congested quarter by Augustus Post; "They Who Knockof the average Mexican town uuwadays.Too many self-made men used upnearly all their material in buildingcupolas that are too large for theirhats.ROOM-SIZE DRUGGET ,TO BE GIVEN AWAY.See the room-size Brussels druggetin J. T. Hinton Company's window.To be given away at the auction saleof Main street lots on Wednesday,May 6, at 2:30 p. m. Other prizes-will also be given away at this sale.KENTUCKY CROPS ARE AT .PRESENT IN GOOD CONDITIONat Our Gates." a snlendid article onimmigration, by Mary Antin, a bril-j At Ine Psem time tne iruu cropliant young Russian Jewess; "The Au-'in the State is promising. The wheatto Game in Homeburg," a humorous crop is the most promising in manypiece about automobiling, by George l years. The outlook for corn and toFitch, the famous Illinois comic writ- bacco snakes the outlook for businessor; "The Business of Being a Burg- good. It is prophesied that if the cornilar." an actual thief's account of his crop tor tnis year meets tne averageadventures; and "A Husband's Story' ten 'ear 'ield' that the prices J?ex?With some men the Curreucy Ques- in which a man who has been married fall will be much lower on. this cereal,tion is whether it is cheaper to pay twenty-five years begins an account of The live stock industries are promtsalimony or grocery bills. the trials and perils and successes of ing.' marriage. I "Fiction is contributed by Marjorie 'MaiiaHMilMHHilMaHiaHBiMITo - Morrow, SaturdayWe Will Put On Sole Our Entire Line ofSpring footwear.-v - -There are not many divorces in theBenton Cooke, Hugh S. Fullerton, El- household in which the wife is will-mer E. Ferris, and Gene Harrison. ing to bring up the children and thei Humorous sketches are contributed husband "is willing to bring up the(by Kin. Hubbard, Stephen Peacock, coal.j James Montgomery Flagg, and E. W.Howe. The Theatrical and "interest- Tne old-fashioned woman whoing People" departments are full of didn.t know wnat a poker cniP wasgood tnings, ana tne pnze-wmnmg let- now has a daughter who can deal her-ters are published in the contest en.titled "The Person Who Looks LikeMe." In these letters remarkablecases of double identity are reported.self a diamond from the bottom whenshe is trying to fill a flour-flush.-tSiXOttlKtitfiiMOT (PUBniQlMlBEAUTY AND ECONOMYGO HAND IN HANDThe newest fashions in Footwear, the most stylish creations, the best quality andworkmanship at record-breaking low prices.some: of the numerous BARGAINS: J'When a woman buys a nair ofclinac clia al'nr'iT.'C ctnrt5 51 flfht Te-Little Dan Cupid has to shoulder a tween her pride and her corns.lot of blame that isn't coming to him. . xIt isn't Love that makes men. kill wo-'men and women kill men. It is an There are some men who have noonery streak composed of half Pas- enemies. But they are planted la thesion and half Jealousy. cemeteries.rLENIHAIVS"Ladies' Pumps and Colonials, in Patent andSatin $2.49Ladies' Baby Doll Bench Made, in Patent andGun Metal ... ...I--- 1.99'Ladies' Matte Kid, light, flexible soles, Oxfords - ... -.- 2.99Ladies' Velvet Mary Jane Pumps 2.49Ladies' Pumps and Oxfords, broken sizes,$3.00 and $4.00 value ..J... 1.49Men's Tan Shoes and Oxfords, Englishlast -$3.5oMen's Low Cuts in Tan and Gun Metal ,2.99Men's Russ. Qtr. Oxford, of the famousWalk-Over make $4.50 and 4.00Men's High Shoes and Oxfords, in allleathers, Walk-Over and Beacon 3.5CMen's Oxfords, button and lace 1.99A Biy Assortment of Misses and Children's Shoes at Specialty reduced prices. Boys'Shoes and Oxfords at Bargain prices. ,4f You Know the Value- of JVfoney, If You Appreciate BeautyIn Footwear, You Will Buy It From.AJST COHEN'Greatest Shoe StoreID3gCash Specials25 lb. sack H. & E. Sugar $1.25(With a three dollar purchase) ' .Large size can Tomatoes 10c3 cans Baby Bunton Corn 25cx Pride of Illinois Corn 10cCracked Rice, per lb 05cFancy Head Rice, per lb lOe2 cans Cu-Tu-No Red Salmon v 35cPalm Brand Peas, per can 10c-Fox Lake Peas Per can e 15cSugar Loaf Peas, per can ' 20cBulk Coffee, per lb 20cLANCASTER PRIDE FLOUR25-pound sack 80e50-pound sack 1 $1.55100-pound sack ' 3.00Stone's Wrapped Cakesceived Fresfo DaiSy.Re-IT. C. LEMAN.ST-r-,1 fr.Im MCash Grocery.Both Phones 234It SMs'jfr'v" - ':Al, T "-J.J"S-,-'!".Uk.'.