-vs -r f '.' 7PUBLISHED EVJFRY TUESDAY . AND FRIDAY IN" THE YEARVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY. MARCH 2?, 1914.HENrTfSUII ON TILIN CIRGUIT COURTCase Called For Trial WhenCourt Convened Wednesday Morning."WE KNOW HOW"FIRE APPARGENERALGLEANINGMovement Is To Extend AllOver County ofBourbon.hr"Spring StylesIn TheCommittee Instructed toConclude Investigationand Make Report.V.- e'' rcFiiiLirPURCHASE NEWIPLANS ARE BEINGFORMULATED FORREPAIRING OF MAINSTREET CONSIDEREDImmediate Action UrgedLooking to Early Improvement.MANY WITNESSESARE EXAMINED.Conclusion Will Probably BeReached BySaturday.Tr.zt Paris will soon have new andimproved fire fighting apparatus waswaco evident at the meeting of theCouncil last night when the Fire Committtre of the Board was instructed totake definite action in regard to thepurchase of new equipment for use inthe department.Some time ago the Council had under consideration the purchase of anruto:. obile nre apparatus, and athorcgh investigation of the meritsol tut products of the various producers were investigated hy the m'emlers of the Fire Committee, acting:pon the instructions of the Council.Plans and specifications of severali.igb-cass machines wene secured,but ere never submitted to theBoard. Sinc'e that time the matterpeemed to have been dropped entire1... until last night Mayor Hintonagain took up the subject and urgedthe committee to immediate action.According to the instructions ofthe Mayor, the Fire Committee is toproceed at once upon the matter withtl e one object in view of purchasingthe most improved apparatus that isto be procured, and be ready at thenext meeting of the Council to laythe matter before the Board, thatthere may be no further delay in thematter which has been at rest forseme time.It is understood that the committeehad previously decided upon a machine tli at would meet all the requirements of the local department,and that within the next few daysthoj ill have a representative of theauto, manufacturing company on thei-rcuncs to go over the details of theapparatus that the committee may befully prepared to explain all the merits at the next meeting of the Board.Another matter which ,v?as of avery important nature, taken f up bythe Council at its nieeung last nightwas the consideration of laying newstreets and the repaving of Mainstreet irom Second street to Tenth.With the approach of spring and "suitable weather for such work, it was theopinion of the members of the Councilthat no time should be lost in placingthe street in the proper condition fortravel.The Improvement Committee wasgiven instructions to secure an estimate on the cost of resurfacing theThe twenty-five thousand dollardamage suit of Estis Henry againstthe Louisville & Nashville railroadcompany was called for trial Wednesday morning when Judge Stout convened court.Thesuit is for damages alleged tohave been sustained by Henry whilehe was an employe of the company.The accident in which Henry was injured occurred at Berry Station, inHarrison county, last August. A cable which was being used to draw aplow across a train of cars loadedwith ballast broke, and striking Henry, knocked him down, his head striking against one of the steel rails, fracturing his skull and inflicting otherinjuries from which, it is said, he hasnever recovered, and leaving him permanently injured.The jury to try hte case is composed of John Wiggins, Clark Barnett, Lindsay Stewart, Owen Kennedy,James S. Douglass, A. D. Leach, Joseph Leach, James Kiser,'H. L. Clark,Lloyd Ashurst, Jeff Denton and R. E.Bed word.When the case was called for trialWednesday morning the first witnessintroduced was Dr. W. S. Reynolds, aspecialist, of Louisville, who gave expert testimony in regard to the condition of Henry, of whom he hadmade an examination. He testifiedas to the nature of the injuries sustained by the plaintic. He was onthe stand from the time the case wascalled until 4:30 o'clock. Four otherwitnesses were examined before thecourt adjourned until Thursday morning. The tating of testimony was resumed yesterday morning when theattorneys for the plaintiff introducedDr. Martha Petree, who occupied thestand until the noon hour, and afterthe examination of the trained nursewho attended Henry while he was apatient in the local hospital, theplaintiff closed.Dr. C. G. Daugherty, who performedthe operation on Henry at the MassieHospital, was the first witness introduced by the defense, and the takingof hisA testimony occupied the entireafternoon. After admonishing thejury Judge Stout adjourned court untilthis morning at nine o'clock.A large number of witnesses are yetto be introduced by the defense, andthe case wil probably occupy all oftoday and perhaps a part of tomorrow,.when the arguments will be made andMISS HUNT TAKESs THE INITIATIVE.Will Have Co-operation ofWelfare League andHealth Board.Paris and Bourbon county will havea general clean-up day during thecoming month, or at least that iswhat those interested in the healthof the community at large are working on, and it is more than likely thatthe plans will materialize.Miss Emma Hunt, who has beenhere acting in the capacity of a visiting nurse sent out by the State Tuberculosis Association is at the headofHhe movement, and is meeting withmuch encouragement from all sides,and indications are that she will receive unlimited aid from everysource in the county.One of the plans set forth by MissHunt to further the movement and toarouse the interest .of the citizens ofthe county, is a joint meeting of theCounty Board of Health with theBourbon County Health and WelfareLeague.According to Miss Hunt throughthis plan the agitation looking towarda general clean-up can be carred toall points of the county through theHealth Board as well as the Healthand Welfare League, and the fact thatthere are a great many members ofthe later organization, the agitationwill be widespread as soon as plansfor the movement are formulated atthe meeting which will be held onThursday, April 2.Only a week's time will be had toput the matter before the people, asit is the plan to have the date for thegeneral cleaning-up on April 7, but,notwithstanding this fact, the movement will eb general and the interestfor a better and cleaner county willbe widespread.It is planned to divide the countyinto four separate districts and acommittee appointed to carry on thework. All the plans will be workedout at the meeting to be held nextThursday, when the most active worklooking to popular movement will begin, and which are expected to result in a great success.s "'JDunlap and StetsonJLlclLfof Now Ready for Your InspectionSoft Mats in all the new shapes and colors;Stiff Hats in the right shapes tobecome the man.Manhattan and Wilson Bros'.Spring ShirtsMere in an endless variety of patterns and.colors Come in and make your selections while the lines arecomplete. -.Mitchell & Blakemore,IThe Store for rVIera's StylesParis, KentuckyS&!3yr vvsrammimimu'taitniiiiiimiiiuuiiHiiiiim3present street between the pointsnamed, and to investigate the cost ofn nmv rpnnt tn Vo rnntriirt"pd of anvmaterial which in its judgment woulfhe case submitted to the jury,be acceptable to the Council. Thecommittee is to be prepared to presentthe result of its investigations at thenext regular meeting of the Board,when a definite plan will be decidedupon and action taken immediatelyto improve the main thoroughfare 6Tthe city. " .PARISLODGE OF ELKS HOLDAN ELECTION OF OFFICERSs? 5fin Ml n WlWnbOnlstnUsiUOSfDundon.EsteemedTaylor.EsteemedlrTr "DonnnUUUCi lIlUlViLilidiLLouisville Man Takes StateTrophy at Hili TopRange.Dr. Fallis, of Louisville, won theState Championship Trophy at thebird shoot held yesterday at therange of the Hill Top Gun Club, onthe farm of Mr. Alfred Clay, nearAusterlitz.Dr. Fallis defeated a good field inthe championship race, dropping 24"birds out of a possible 25 in the firstset, tying Strother, of Winchester, inthe shootoff and in the final worn whenhe knocked down four out of fire"birris.The weather coditions were idal and-there was a large crowd at .the range.There were about thirty entrants inthe feature event for the silver trophv in which some of the best sportsmen in the State participated anasome excellent shooting was witnessed. The highest scores were as follows: Dr. Fallis, of Louisville, 24;. C. E.Strother, of Winchester, 24; Ed.Brooker, of Louisville, 24; Hammersmith, of Covington, 24; Frank Bedford, Paris, 23; Ben Goff, of Winches-Tuesdav morning the case of theCommonwealth -against John Masterson was called for trial.- Mastersonwas charged with striking and wounding another, and the jury returned" averdict fining the defenaant MOO" T. F. Brannon,for selling liquor to a minor, and maintaining a nuisance, was dismissedupon the former charge and assesseda fine of $50 on the latter.Shortly after the trial Brannon accosted C. P. Cook, the Main streetgroceryman, who was one of the witnesses against him, and knocked himdown and beat him severely. TheiiriAn ii is said.met at the corner of, ...w.., ,Main and Seventh streets, when Brannon is alleged to have struck Cook inthe mouth, knocking him down, andkicked him several times.Mr. M. F. Kenney, who witnessedthe affoir, interposed and preventedfurther trouble. Cook's face wasbruised nd he is said to be sufferingfrom several hurts about the body.Brannon was placed under arrest byPatrolman King and taken beforeJudge January, where the charge ofassault and battery was enteredgainst him and he was relesed on$300 bond. Upon complaint of Cookhe was later in the afternoon arrestedon a warrant issued by Cuonty Judge jC. A. McMillan, and he was placed :under bond of 51,000 to keep thenQiro wis nrmearance is set for?March 31 before Judge McMillan.Upon being apprised of the incident Circuit Judge issued a writ forRrannon to appear in court yesterdaymorning on the charge of contempt ofcourt.His hearing was set for yesterdaymorning but was postponed.At a meeting oT the Paris Lodge ofElks, held Tuesday evening, Mr. E.P. Moore, of Georgetown. District Deputy, was present and inspected thelodge. The inspection was followedby the election of officers for the ensuing year, which resulted as follows:" Exalted Ruler R. K. McCarney.Esteemed Leading Knight DenisLoyal Knight WilliamLecturing Knight J.FRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.,fV.1-if -J'Secretary John Spears.Treasurer Clarence Thomas.Tyler Lee Spears.D. C. Parrish was elected as Trustee for three years. Clarence K.Thomas and Keney Nichols were selected as delegates to represent thelocal lodge at the meeting of theGrand Lodge in Denver in June.v;"itReports Indicate Defeat ofVilla's Army BeforeTorreon.j championshop of the State, a set offive birds each was arrangea ror uieshoot-off which resulted as follows:Fallis, 5; Strother, 5; Booker, 4;Hammersmith, 4.Fallis and Strother engaged in thefinal test for the honors, the formerbreaking four out or live, wnne tneWASHINGTON, March 26. Thismessage, sent from Mexico City lastnight, was received at the Embassyhere today: iv"Rebels once more routed and re- jgj'pulsed at Gomez Palacio with heavy (losses, while trying to approach Tor-reon."iKER'i rX6'SYMPATHIZERS PESSIMISTICInvite Your InspectionOFNew Spring SuitsLadies', Misses' and Girls'.New Spring Coats' Ladies', Misses' and Childrens'.New Spring SiSk DressesTaffeta, Charmeuse and Crepe-.New Spring "Wool DressesCrepes, Serges and Ratines.Silks, Wash Goods and Woolen Fabricsof every description, with suitoble trimmings.Separate Skirts, ' t i,rA Rain Coats, 'Crepe and Net Waists,Wash Waists,-4FfCJBJy cS.i4-v miccorl twn of vthe birds.mi.- .nfnet woe fliA mnsf snirifpd i two davs no definite word has cometeThe2' first four being tied for the ever witnessed on the Hill Top range.' from the front. .JUAREZ, March 26. In atmos-i - ;'j.;- Ji 1 ,1 SS.pnere ot pesimisuc anxiety envtuuptsu. "gConstitutionalist sympathzers today 5over the possble state of General jSFrancisco Vila and his 12,000 rebel gJsoldiers who at last reports were en- ggaged in desperate fighting at Gomez $'Palacio, a suburb of Torreon. .For -jbvftv ftt bJJxv w JK JvPRANK"X C ifmiimniimimimuinniiimmmimmiJiiimium halKn3iRftfl9VwwXi9Su'"-A. fc ,f-"O-V "- -f :-,3vufATHE BOURBON . NEWS. PARIS. KENTUCKY. MARCH 27 1914I: The Stomach F$rSAim to make that strong andwill keep well ! No chain isJink. No man is strongerstomach disordered a train of.-.pjgree's GeMesa SSedicaK Discoverymakes the stomach healthy, th liver active and the blood pure. Made fromforest roots, and extruded without the use of alcohol. Sold by druggiste. inliquid form at S1.00 p.r Lottie for over 40 years, uivins general satisfaction.7S yon prefer tablets as modified byUzd. of medicine dealers cr trial tios;I MW1" 'I1 i 'A MODERN HOMETo Be Complete Should be Equipped With All ModernConveniences. Foremost AmongThese is theCentral EnergyHome Telephone-'Use it for Business or Pleasure It's Always Ready.Five Minutes Initial Period onLONG ; DISTANCE MESSAGES 'te Paris fiome Celepbone ana CeKgrapb go.(Incorporated)BourbonDWIS &. FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetHp-n&f.vi-5v r? Hi ...BourbonParis Kentucky.yg;;ffi&i'2'''' AV'. W.EDNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEB.JBOTH'PHOjSTES DAI 137; NIGHT 299.1Are You a Woman?is CarThe Woman's ToolFOB SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTSP4Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.-Office Phones 0lek6sidence ?&.DR. A. H KELIiEK,Practicing Physician,.Miliees, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gI?Ari6 - - KontuckjJ jr. wixjLiams,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.iloom 1 Elks BuildineRobbers are said to have obtained-$30,000 after forcing open the vaultof a bank at Gallatin, Tenn.A'3HHBKU1 I ' 1C I1liHBUB (digestion good and youstronger than its weakestthan hi3 stomach. Withdiseases follow.iR. v. Pierce, M. D., these can beIty mall on receipt of SOc In stampsJmwriP.'.w.KiiwiWff.ftHiifffiIBtW7LaundrySBmASw! We Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes buck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom 'is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeLaundryDAVISMrs. Walter Vincent,of Pleasant Hill, N. C.writes: "For three summers. I suffered fromnervousness, dreadfulpains in my back andsides, and weak sinkingspells. Three bottles ofCardui, the woman'stonic, relieved me entirely. I feel like anotherperson, now."TAKEThe Woman's TonicFor over 50 years,Cardui has been helpingto relieve women's unnecessary pains andbuilding weak women upto health and strength.It will do the same foryou, if given a fair trial.So, don't wait, but begintaking Cardui today, forits use cannot harm you,and should surely do yougood. E-727s ST3S ;ST3k Swawjtyjftwjjfti' "WWAThe personnel of the Panama Canal! Zone government was announced inWashington.Nervous?a.mThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication.5VVIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postofllce as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year 2.00 Six Months. ?1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.THICK, GLOSSY HAIRFREE FROM DANDRUFFGirls! 3eautify Your Hair! Make itScft, Fluffy and Luxuriant.Try as you will, after an applicationof Danderine, you cannot find a singletrace of dandruff or falling hair andyour scalp will not itch, but willplease you most, will be after a fewweek use, when you will see new hairfine and downy at first yes butreally new hair growing all over thescalp.A little Danderine immediatelydoubles the beauty of your hair. Nodifference how dull, faded, brittle andscraggy, just moisten a cloth withDanderine and carefully draw itthrough your hair, taking one smallstrand at a time. The effect is immediate and amazing your hair will belight, -fluffy and wavy, and have an appearance of abundance; an incomparable lustre, softness and luxuriance,the beauty and shimmer of true hairhealth.Cet a 25-cent bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine from any drug store ortoilet counter, and prove that yourhair is as pretty and soft as anythat it has been neglected or injuredby careless treatment that's all.(adv)$t-aL(Copyright, bv McCluro Syndicate.)IF HEADACHY, DIZZY,CILIOUS, "CASCARETS."Clean Your Liver and Wasts-CloggedBowels Tonight! Feel Bully!Get a ten-cent box now.You're bilious! You have a throbbing sensation in your head, a badtaste in your mouth, your eyes burn,your skin is yellow, with dark ringsunder your eyes; your lips are parched. No wonder you feel ugly, meanand ill-tempered. Your system is fullof bile not. properly passed off, andwhat you need is a cleaning up inside.Don't continue being a bilious nuisance to yourself and those who loveyou, and don't resort to harsh physicsthat irritate and injure. Rememberthat most disorders of tbe stomach,liver and bowels are cured by morningwith gentle, thorough Cascarets theywork while you sleep. A 10-cent boxfrom your druggist will keep yourliver and bowels clean; stomachsweet and your head clear for monthsChildren love to take Cascarets, because they taste good and never gripeor sicken. (adv)India rubber successfully graftedby living tissues is a surgical featclainied by Prof. Belbel, of Paris,France, who said he relieved an intestinal hernia and a useless finger bythe process. 'At Youngstown, O., E. P. Freed'sthoroughbred hen refused to be denied the chance when she wanted toset. She tried it on half -a dozensnowballs and froze all her whitemeat.Jessica Bostwick, daughter of aBritish General, spent a year alone inthe Balkans, disguised as a boy, andreturned to publish an account of thelife's awful effects there.British hotel men fear a financialloss as a result of the Venus Rokebyincident, believing the royal closingof, museums and palaces will causeAmerican tourist not to visit EnglandDressed in his wife's finery, LesterBarnes invaded an exclusive men'sclub at Winsted, Conn., spurned oneman who popped the question, andsigned all but two members in thesuffragist cause.Their feet rooted in tar on the roofof a skyscraper, Morris Kenshner andPoliceman Magner, in New York,were rescued when Policeman Christensen pulled them out with a. rope.Miss Pansy Pyetin says her nawI might stand a chance of becoming abridge-luncheon-whist player if hecould just learn to say "'Pray Do"without getting stage fright.0NUTMEG AS A PROPHYLACTICMany Englishmen Are Taking Up an'Ancient Old American Rheumatism Preventive.London. An extraordinary alleged"cure" for rheumatism is helng talkedof here. The cult of nutmeg carryingas a sort of charm against the diseasehas increased rapidly of late."For a good many years," writes aclubman to the Daily Mirror, "a fewpeople have been carrying nutmegs asa kind of protection agairist rheumatism, and now many others are follow-'Ing their example. Consequently therehas been an increased demand fornutmegs, although the price of themhas not gone up so far. Those whohave adopted the cult declare that,however severely they suffered fromrheumatism before, all traces of thetrouble ceased as soon as they beganto wear the 'charm,' and that they never have any recurrence of the complaint so long as they continue to carry a nutmeg on their person. Somehave the nut attached to the watchchain by a gold clasp and keep it constantly in the watch pocket; others inneat leather receptacles, which are being made for this express purpose byup-to-date Bond street shops."Women and there are many whohave caught the nutmeg-wearing crazeoften have the aromatic charm fixedin a gold or platinum claw and suspended by a light chain from the waistor garter."A Church of England dignitary whohas worn a nutmeg for many years,said that the belief in the efficiency ofthe nut to cure and prevent rheumatism was no mere superstition. He attributed its power to the carminativeproperties of the oils contained in thekernol properties which from timeimmemorial have been known to thenativor, of the Banda islands, whencecome nutmegs.A London doctor was very skeptical."It is evidently an old fetish revived,"he said. It is absurd to imagine thatby carrying a nutmeg you can wardoff rheumatism. You might as wellcarry a stone and put your belief inthat. Still, the nutmeg has certainproperties as an antidote to rheumatism. Mixed with rum, its essentialoils make a liniment that I have knownused with success in what is calledropical sore throat a form of tropical"heumatism."The representative of a firm of spicemerchants said that he had heard ofthe belief in the nutmeg "antidote.""As a matter of fact," he said, "aleading member of our firm carries anutmeg about with him and swears byit as a 'warder-off of rheumatism.'No New Englander needs to be reminded that the nutmeg as a rheumatism prophylactic has been veneratedfor centuries in the Eastern TJnicedStates.OWE OF FREAKS OF NATURE'Stick-Insect Passes Into a State 0Catalepsy Instead of SlumberDuring Daylight Hours.London. Professor Schmidt of theImperial university of St. Petersburghas been experimenting with a species of Phasmid, or "stick-insect." Asa result of his investigations he hasdiscovered that these insects passdaily into a state of catalepsy, ortrance, and that they do not merelyslumber, or remain instinctively quiescent, during the hours of daylight,as has been supposed. The photographs show the normal pose of thestick-insect when in a catalepticalstate, and some of the extraordinaryIn an Abnormal Position During aTrance; a Stick-Insert Standing onits Head; a Position for Four and aHalf Hours.postures which Professor Schmidtmade the creatures assume. They remained in these abnormal positions,without movement of any kind, forfrom one to four and a half hours;and when their catalepsy passed, theyshowed no signs of muscular fatigue.It should be added that these stickinsects feed at nighjfc, on the foliageof the plants which they frequent. AsProfessor Schmidt points out. theircataleptic state may be regarded asan accommodation to a highly developed protective resemblance. ThePhasmids can only be awakened artificially by prolonged excitation of thenervous system; for example, by continuous pinching with forceps, or byj electric shocks from an inductioncoil.Exhibit Fifty-Pound Squash.Springfield, Mass. A 50-poundsquash, raised in the garden of E. P.Tilton, a local policeman, oy hiaeleven-year-old daughter, Ruby, waaplaced on exhibition here.fjfT""TVYrr rti,mti.-ir,..rfrMwrevriO.TrTr rrmrna r&:s f x n or ac oi iJ Ml1 All Lajy yarc cierjercdexvtf kjTZieir HealfcH as men and women is largelyestablished in childhood.'if your child is languid, bloodless, tired when rising, withcut ambition or rosy cheeks, Scott's Emulsion is a wonderfulhelp. It possesses nature's grandest body-building fats sodelicately predigested that the blooiabsorbs its strengthand carries it to every organ and tissue and fibre.First it increases their appetite, then it adds flesh strengthensthe bones makes them, sturdy, active and healthy.No alcohol or narcotic ia Scott's Emulsion, just purity and strength.iuMMWzLV.'iiHmwisi3mwmimNew Year'sThoughtful consumers of FUEL will re-.!solve to obtain the highestefficlency for theirmoney during the year to come. This meansthat they will use"THE FUELWITHOUT A FAULT.".The HomeYards, South Main St.QS&SsSt&scZsaM VmOnp nnnlipatVn nr;l'- and heals a rou'nimn!vL!n !?..il.wh-me!)entrf ftuichlvefiettsa cure. Kczema. Ervt.nel is. "1 etier. Uicors andall skin diseases yield : its orative properties.sue. a nox. At an urxj&ists.Peni far free r-rr and l-n'z ")Illh and Bcar.ty "JCn ,ST7-4. JOLLOWAY & CO.,S 1T30 T-p- n z ns.-Son ii., Hula.,rr ?TT' 7 "i"''VJ?, 'vAiffknaHi... 4 .r'A . rzLs 7-VkJLm m m v. & ?U U S.r. T-15 v A L-S r.AJ.AHJ: t&n tva r f mj1Windsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialtj7.CARL CRAWFORD! INSUBANGE !t AGAINST iHRE, WilMDandLIGHTNING v tI W. 0. HINTON, IAGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Pay ing Companies, seeme.H. M. HamiltonVeterinarianOffice, Butler's Drug Store Phones261.Residence, E. T. 546; Home, 449.Paris, Ky.(10feb-2mo)per FARM L QANS!cent. $1,000 to $ioo oooW. KING & SON,512 Cheapslde. lexlneton, KvBILEIs NATURE'SDisinfectant.Release that dammed-up Bile and meato! your ills are relieved. MollycoddleLaxatives do not touch the LIVER.Podophyllin (Hay Apple Root) dees.PoDoLax is Podophyllin with the firipetaken out.Then TryFor Sale by All' Druggists.AP'JI imvwr-1KtV'gSJM.lin W"Wl t. W f$ W3 Sfl hk 2 I$avi?cJiWaw RarhAr ShanIV II lril'l nF I- MIV7irowmsr nuora nourisIixTieiit for growth.13-79rResolutionsf Good Coal &Both Phones 140 I5)OUR BEST OFFER!The Biggest Comb'nation Bargain ofStandard Publications EverOfferedHERE IS THE OFFER:The Bourbon News,l year, ?2.u-.The Weekly Enquirer. 1 year. Sx.Oii TPof-m onrl TTirQciQ PDmt.mnntMv "1year, .50 cents.Household Journal and Pioial Life,, monthly, 1 year, .50 cents.Poultry Husbandry, monthly, 1year, .50 cents.To-Day's Magazine, monthly, 1year, .50 cents.Our Special Bargain Price forall Six, Each One Year, $2.75. ,We consider this the biggest andbest bargain we' have eveirbeen ableto offer our readers. Our own publication heads the list. The other fivehave millions of readers and are toowell-known to need a further introduction. Please remember that our contractwith the publishers is limited andthis offer may be withdrawn at anytime. Take abvantage now while theopportunity is yours and you will notregret the investment. If you arealready a subscriber to any of theabove your subscription will be extended one year from the time it expires. Call or mail orders toTHE BOURBON NEWS,Paris, Ky.PILES! PILES! PiLESlWILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OZNTMETWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itchinjr PiIt absorbs the tumors, allays itchfnpr at onacts as a- poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and SiWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, 01L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.Mrs. J. H. Fohrman'sMassage andCucumber CreamOn Sale atVarden's Brnr StoreCANCER CUREDwI guarantee every case I un- Jerence, any citizen of Paris.tDR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.-)Of BOURBON POULTRY CUSEdown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops in thedrinking -water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One60c bottle znakes 12 eallcns ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "'Diseases of Fowls" sent FREEBcurbon Remedy Co. leilagta:, Ijlilllr YnFor Saleby W. T. Brook3si.JH.r ?" tC3,THE BOttRBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, MARCH 27,1914it Parts OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedjto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.,Gall up E. T. Phone 40. $Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25ciE30S1 TfgBh M1 !J MKGO SOimi THES WINTERGo where fair skies, idezl weather, and outdoor enjoyment dispel allthought of winter's discomfort."WINTER feiMST FARESNOW AVA1LAELE VIATO MiL RESORTS OF TH SCUlnINCLUDING FLORIDA, NEW ORLEANS, PANAMA"LAND CF THZ SKY."IITICKETS ON SALE DAILY. LONG RETURN LIiilT.ATTRACTIVE STO?-OVn?. PRIVILEGES.EQUIPMENT, SERVICE A73 SCPNERY UNSURPASSED.For details consult any Ticket Agent or writeK. C. Kl!iG, Passengar and Ticket Acsnt, Ui East Main St, Lexington, Ky.JStSBEEEfiaSSSiZIiLi:EPgTS?i5ggSgre,33g7?jTOBACCCOTTONALL GRADAt Lowest PricesTwin Bros.Seventh and MainIt is free it tellslocal and long distance telephone ser- ivice in your home, at very small cost.. Send for it today. Write nearest Bell Telephone Manager, orFARMERS' LINE DEPARTMENTCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyINCORPORATED.122 SOUTH PRYOR STRE ET ATLANTA, GEORGIA.Cleaning Co. 8IIi.52 1AND imlII:SIm9 is i9 IiOepl Stoie, IsSts., Paris, Ky.9how you can haveI: u& liRrino-sBookif ft fJPMiirNiMSifflUUSTailored Coats With Directorate Collars Modified ByJapanese EffectsSKIRTS HAVE UNDULATING LINESNEW YORK, March 26. The'French fashion invasion of Americabegan a year ago when Worth madeus a visit, apparently with the objectof finding out the actual requirementsof the American woman so as to bemore in touch with lier practicalneeds. His visit was marked by aconservativeattitude and a lack ofdisplay typical of the great house ofWorth.The second great coutourier to follow M. Worth's example was PaulPoiret, who came last fall, making amore sensational appeal to the publicwith moving pictures showing hishouse in Paris and his manikins wearing his creations. To these conferences invitations were given andthere was no atempt at a theatricaldisplay; rather, it was a voyage ofI discovery in search of the Americanwoman on her native heath.McCui.'A Charming Young Grl's Frock ofFigured Chiffon in Cubist ColorsOn a White Ground.The interest aroused by M. Poiretwas further accentuated and focusedon Madame Poiret, who wore gow.nswith grace and charm, typical of M.Poiret's creative genius. In almostevery instance, his gowns showed aloose waisted effect that gave ampleplay to every muscle of the body.The wonderful fabrics and combinations of colors proved the originalityfor which Poiret alone is master. Hisgowns are often impractical, but fullof inspiration, and .have done much toward the awakening of originality andcreative -quality in the great Frenchhouses.Following the example of these twogreat leaderj of fashions, the Houseof Paquin has now brought to thiscountry an exhibit of gowns on manikins for which one must pay admis-i sion.As each coutourier has a strong ten-( dency toward some individual style,in tne Papuin gowns certain tendencies are strongly marked, noticeablythe lack of the bustle effect and thelong straight lines of the back.The collars of the coats and blousesfall well away from the neck andstand out with a continuation of therolled effect of the Japanese collar often carried out in more than one collar,such as a striped silk collar over alarge plain-colored' collar, with an in-i side flaring collar- oif sheer white orI gandy.i The line of the bottom skirt isj rarely straight among these Paquin1 models. Often it is scalloped, atI times uneven, and usually with thefullness inserted on either side fromthe knee down or with rounded slits,from which an underflounce of another material is visible.The majority of the thin gownsshow a white foundation stamped atintervals with a Cubist design, andthe edges bound with a bias fold, noti more than half an inch deen. matchinein color the tones of the design.The waists of these sheer gownsshow the same tendency to be high infront and low in the back as shown inthe majority of the Paquin models.Usually they are treated behind inj some fancy maimer, either a bow withtasslcd ends and wide loops, or somesoft draping that gives a not too pro' nounced sash effect. The front oftenhas two or three materials "placed onej on top of the other and each partly, showing. A seer lace or net gives theeffect of an inner yoke touching theskin, and another layer or lace of.chiffon separates the material of thegown from this" inner fabricJ4'feg:14'AV ' JVMPftifMy (fcivy k3ufcriThe bewitching little gown which 'Ihave used for my first illustration isa charming example of what Paquinshows for the young girl. Chiffonfigured with a widely spread Cubistrose design is the .basic material overwhite chiffon, The waist is shortwithout any girdle or sash, but finished with a narrow girdle of the chif- jion, as tnough the upper part of theskirt was gathered to form it. The kimono waist is most charmingly andgirlishly trimmed with bands ofgathered white chiffon edged withfrills of net on the shoulder, whilethe front of the waist is of chiffonshirred 'several times and held inplace by a narrow black velvet ribbonand' a frill of net at each shirring.The charming little hat so suited tothe young girl is of soft blue horsehair braid, trimmed with pink roses.A straight piece of charmeuse waswell arranged5n one side of the models. The straight of the thread wasplaced at the front over the bust. Itwas slit up and the ends tied behindin a rather decorative sash, while thepointed edges of the slit of the waistwere finished to simulate the pointsof a waistcoat.The materials used for three stunning tailored suits were surprisinglysimple. One was developed in blackand white shepherd's plaid, the secondin sage-green serge, and the third indark blue mohair, with a wide stripecomposed of small stripes of alternating red and yellow and green.The skirts of these suits were plainwith inserted pleats at each side below the knee, the plaid or' eacn skirtwas cut on the bias, and the insertedpleats had a rippling, uneven effect atthe skirt's bottom. The striped mohair had the side pleats treated differently; between each wide stripe thecenter of the dark stripe was slashedfor an inserted pleat and bound narrowly with red. These pleats were ofuneven length; that is, the centerpleat extended higher than the pleat,front and back, by at least four or fiveinches.The coats showed the influence ofthe empire and directoire collars modified by Japanese tendencies. Thesleeves were usually set in loose, sothey gave the impression of kimonosleeves. The fronts were short, ceding to a point over the bust, wherethey were fastened by three closelyspaced bone buttons. The backs, cutin one piece, had two fairly deeppleats extending from the shoulderto the waist, where the collar wouldhave joined the shoulder seam, ifthere had been one. At the waisteither several buttons or the band extended from the front held thesepleats firmly in place; while belowthis, which did not extended from theback at all, the double box-pleats fellfreely to the knees in an extremelygraceful manner.-j''McCmRoman and Awning-Striped SkirtsWith Tunics in Solid Colors inGreat Vogue.er. On these coats the collars werelarge and rolling, giving the effect ofa hlown-up sailor collar, and extendedfrom shoulder to shoulder. Each collar was plain, but several, placed oneon top of the other,. gave a complicated appearance.My second illustration shows a Roman striped and plain serge, which together makes a very striking costume.This is a favored combination of Poiret's, and for that reason very popular with many women. It has anadded charm in suggesting how to remodel a couple of last season's frocksinto an effective and up-to-date dress.The awning-striped skirts also promise great popularity. -Candle Light Farming.Carlyisle Miss Lida E. Gardner,county school superintendent of Nicholas county, has effected an organization of the teachers of thecounty toconduct night agricultural schools.The teachers have now begun to enroll pupils for the night schools intheir respective districts, and manyadults are signifying their inteneionof entering. The schools will opennext summer about thetime the regular schools open.ifin ,;if ;vJwRil vBh wkOHIO COUPLE AND SQUIREMEASURE 19 FEET,V9 INCHESNineteen feet and nine inches of humanity figured in the wedding of David M. Smith and Mary L. Hanson,winter toruists from Yellow Springs,0., Avho were stopping at PalmettoBeach, Mobile, Ala.The bridegroom is six feet fiveinches tall. The bride is six feet, sixinches, and the Magistrate, H. H.Smth, who performed the ceremony,is six feet, ten inches tall.IS YOUR BEARDWORTH $60,000?What is the value of a beard? Thatis the novel question which the learned justices of the Supreme Court atWashington have been asked to. determine. The case in point is that ofE. A. O'Slullivan, 65, a prominentLouisiana lawyer, who placed a valueof $60,000 on his beard. O'Sullivan,who was formerly district attorney,State senator and city attorney o;New Orleans, claims that he was forcibly deprived of his hirsute adornment on election day in November,1908 by Paul Felix, a justice of thepeace, and William W. Stiles, adeputy sheriff.When a girl jilts a young man shemay be doing him a great kindnessbut he doesn't realize it until later.CATARRH OFTHE PHARYNX.'Clearing out your throat every day,all day. That is what you have beendoing- for months. Possibly years. Alittle mucus covers the pharynx.If you were to go to a doctor hevould tell you that you have pharyngitis, if you were to look into3'our own throat you would fnul justback of the soft palate a red, lumpy,granular appearance of the back partof the throat. Pharyngitis the doctors call it.Perhaps he would call it, folicularpharyngitis. It causes you constantannoyance. You are always makingslight disturbances when seated in anaudience. Can't hold your throatstill. Stringy mucus bothers you."Worse in the morning.A-hem! A-hem! A-hem! That isthe way you are going nearly all da3Sometimes in the night when youwake up. Tou ought to gargle yourthroat with salt water every morning. Cold salt water. That clearsout the throat perfectly and makes itready for treatment.Peruna is the treatment. Beginwith a teaspoonful before each mealand at bedtime. Try it for a week.Tou will be convinced. Of course,Peruna will not entirely relieve youin a week. That is too much to expect of any remedy. But it will benefit you so much you will be convinced. Tes, it will. It has donethis many times.Folicular pharyngitis. Big words.Almost as bad as the disease. But ifyou take Peruna for one month regularly, you may forget that you everhad such a disease. Then you willhave a perfect right to forget the bigwords too.People who object to liquid medicines can now obtain Peruna Tablets.bnleklvrftHMrn Rhnm&tlnin. Sore Muscles. Neuralgia. Backache, Headache andnil naiTin. Yonr mnnpv back if it falls CO .lieve any ache in any rart of the botfc ififteen minutes time.Jfrlce COc. JLt u3.ll uruggws.Flee umpla and circular w&t on reqneit.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANT,342 East Main St., Lexbigten. Ky.,KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave Lexington Leave PariFor Paris for Lexington6.00 a m 6:45 a m7:20 a in 7:30 a m8:00 a m 8:15 amS:50am 9:00 a m10:20 a m 9:45 a m11:50 a m s 11:15 a m1:20 p m 12:45 p m2:50 q. m ' 2:15" p. m3:30 p m 3:45 p m4:20 p-m - 4:30 p m5f00 p m 5:15 p m6:00 p m 6:05 p m7:20 p m 6:50 p m9:10 p m 8:15 p m11:00 p m 10:05 p mDaily except Sunday.Special Rates fr Excursions.Round trip Winter Tourists to allprincipal winter resorts in Alabama,Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina and Havana,Cuba, on sale daily Oct. 1, 1913, untilApril 30, 1914, with final limit May 31,1914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas ajid New Mexico, on saledaily Nov. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914,with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberalstopovers allowed on all winter tourist tickets. Also low round tripHomeseekers tickets to points in Alabma, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi,on sale first and third Tuesdays ineach month, final limit 25 days fromdate of sale. Stop-overs allowed inHomeseekers' territory. For furtherinformation call on or addressW. H. HARRIS, Agent.T. K. SMITH, J. A.THE FORTY YEAR TESTAn article must have excptioawif"merit to survive for- a period of foryyears. Chamberlain s Cough Rem!jwas first offered to the public ia 1S72UFrom a small beginning it has gropwin favor and popularity until it has attained a world wide reputation. Yogjwill find nothing better for a couli otr"cold. Try it and you will understaacfwhy it is a favorite after a period bCmore than forty years. It not oalrgives relief it cures:. For sale by aI3dealers.(March) (adrCOUNTY COURT DAYS-Below is a list of the days CounterCourts are held each month in countties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawrecesurg, 3d MondayBath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, lut Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Breathitt, Jackson, 4th Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday. -Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Henry, Newcastle, 1st Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, ,rnd Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday,Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Moaday. Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday.Oldham, Lagrange, 4th Monday.Owen, Oventon, 4th Monday.Pendleton, Falmonn, 1st MondayPowell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wayne, Montecello, 4th 'Monday.Woodford, Versailles, 4th Monday.TREESStrawberry PlantsFruit and Shade Trees,Shrubs, Asparagus, GrapeVines, Rhubarb, Peonies,Phlox, Seed Potatoes, etc.Everything for Orchard,Lavn and Garden.Free Catalog No Agents:fi. F. fiillenmeyer S Sons,,Lexington, KyNurserymen Since 184120feb2mo)Tspewiiteis..,We SellAll-MakesUnderwood No. 5, $50.00.Underwood No. 4, $45.00.'UOliver No. 5, $60.00. "Oliver No. 3, $40.00.Oliver No. 2, $30.00.L. C. Smith Bros. No. 5, $60.00.'L. C. Smith Bros. No. 2, $50.00.L. C. Smith Bros. No. 1,- $40.00.Remington No. 10, $40.00.Smith Premier No. 10, $40i00. ..Remington No. 6, $20.00.Smith Premier No. 2, $20.00:Blick, $20.00, all' models.Blue Grass Ribbons, 75c each, forall machines.Carbon Paper $1.50 per 100 sheets.Typewriter Oil 25c.We handle more Typewrites in oneweek than some of these peddlers. selfin a year.Candioto machines are fully, guarjuateed for two years.Easy terms to suit you.We have all models in stock. "We have new machines,, too. "Phone or write us. ' -The JosephGfllltiiOtO 60.151, 153 and 155N. Broadway,Lexington, Kentucky:.4t-s' ..'r,Svv-' tjTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., MARCH 27, 1914v-THREE CAR LOADS OfBUICKS!I Our March Shipment Arrived lo-day Three Weeks Late.If you are considering buying a ear, don't fail to see theBuiek.Buiek ears are the bestI money can buy.Ride over the hills inBuiek and then try it in others.lI99The Bourbon News!iEstablished 188132 Years of Con-tinolious Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Clahs.)iOne Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayO'SULLIVAN'S REASONS."When Better Automobiles are BuiltBuiek will Build Them.""Ask the Man WhoDrives One.Ail Biiick Cars are equipped with the Delcoij starting and lighting system, the most reliable systemj Z used on any car.I :Prichard & Ball.I Garage Open Day and Night. Everything for the Automobile.99ft9C99&Editor O'Sullivan, of the ShelbySentinel, who has always been in thefront ranks fighting for former Governor Beckham, advances some goodreasons for being for him in his racefor United States Senator in the following editorial recently published inthe Sentinel:"The choice of the the Sentinel forUnited States Senator is today thesame as it was four years ago. It isnot a convert to any new doctrine,and does not try, like many a -new convert, "to drive from the spotlight anyof the old friends of the former Governor, J. C. W. Beckham. Nor doesthis paper mind the criticism of thosewho would point to a seeming inconsistancy on its point. As has beenfrequently stated by this paper, thatits choice for United States Senatoris not based on Beckham's Prohibition tenets, but, on the contrary, inspite of them."The Sentinel thinks such an issueas prohibition is too narrow a one, indeed, to pitch the candidacy for theUnited States of any man, friend orfoe, past or present, within the Democratic fold. If you seek the reasonfor the Sentinel's choice, all that needhfs said is that Beckham is a fine,clear-cut, straight-thinking, honest,capable, courageous, well-poised fellow, with plentj of strength of character to organize his forces and at alltimes ready and willing to give unswerving and unflinching loyalty tothe party that loves to honor him. Ifthese be not satisfactorj' reasons tosnmfl. Hipv nrp ?plf-nffinipn- tr the1 " . -w "wV3VinlViv Sontinol onrJ flint'o on artrl nnit."The Fact RemainsNo amount of misrepresentation by thepeddlers of alum baking powders, no juggling with chemicals, or pretended analysis,or cooked-up certificates, or falsehoods ofany kind, can change the fact that -Royal Baking Powderhas been found by the official examinations to be of theMgiiest leavening efficiency,, free from alum, and of absolutepifrity and wlioiesomenessRoyal Baking Powder is indispensablefor making finest and most economical food.O9oREADY -TO WEAR WEEK!The Recognized Time lo Buy Spring Wearables Six Dayso Special Displays and Extra Values in (hs Newestand Most Fashionable Spring Wear of Every Sort.Glance Over This Partial List of ReadytoWear Valuables:J X .iu99999 fHmW59999999$m99 999999991999KABLER.Little Mary Tilton Kabler, theL;jbeautiul baby'daughter of Mr. and'i -Mrs. W. O. Kabler, died Wednesday? morning at 12:30 o'clock, at theirI . -apartments over the store of Mr. J.ff T Qnrt4iirrTi nn Qnf Vi TVToSr ctroofThe little one was ten and one-half.months old and she died after an illsees of a week with pneumonia.She is survived by her parents and4tc Airier icfprc A lion A jjrwl T.iip.IIpJ -aged nine and four, years, respects' Irely.The funeral services were conduct-J?jA vpstprdfLV afternoon at 2 o'clock.MITT A ":7i: L7. . T c-. '!-at tne residence, uy nev. j. o. aims,the Methodist church, and the- "burial took place in the Paris ceme-?& II, MJSNlx.; The tunerai or Mr. unas. Meng,who died -in the Bermuda Islandslast Wednesday, was held Wedaes-r'day afternoon, at 2 o'clock, at the:home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Charles H. Meng, near North Middletown, and was largely attended bysympathizing friends from North Middletown, Paris, .Lexington, Carlisleand Winchester.The service was conducted by Rev.John Christopherson, of the Christianchurch, who selected as the foundation for his remarks the twentythird or Shepherd Psalm. A quartette sang "There'll Be No SorrowingThere," and "Some Day We'll Understand." A sad feature of the occasionwas the absence of the" bereavedmother, who is at Hot Springs," Ark.,and was unable to come. Mr. Meng'ssister, Mrs. Baqon, and her husband,of Lowell, Mass., were present.Besides his parents and sister, Mr.Meng is survived by two brothers, Mr.Walter Meng and Mr. Calvert Meng.A number of Confederate soldiers,comrades of Mr. Meng, were in attendance, and acted as honorary pallbearers. The body was laid to restin the North Middletown cemetery, bythe sidejf that of his young brother,James Meng, and beneath a profusionof beautiful flowers.Among those from Paris who attended the funeral were: Mr. C. CLeer, Miss Carroll Leer, Mrs. W. R.Scott, Mrs-Watson Judy, Dr. and Mrs.J. A. Gilkey, Mr. and Mrs. ThomasMorris, Mrs. Arane Prichard, Dr. C. J.Clarke, Mr. L. J. Fretwell and Mrs.Edwad Prichard.AS OTHERS SEE US.TOOK 31CHLORIDE OFMERCURY THROUGHMISTAKEM 1llI133V-i iML,11h 1'Sill v -SJ1 .:mWE BEG TO ANNOUNCEthat on Tuesday, March 3d, weplace on sale Spring Styles inNETTLETON SHOESthe' footwear; of .distinction for menGeo. McWilliamsThe Shoe ManmmiMiLetters received by relatives in thiscity tell of the narrow escape of Mr.John Bronson, son of Mr. John I.Bronson, of Jacksonville, Fla., whenthrough mistake he took bichlorideof mercury. Mr. Bronson had beenfeeling badly for several days, andfwas part of the time confined to hisbed. He got up to take his medicine,and the poison, which had been usedby Mrs. Bronson to treat a burn onher hand, which she had sustainedseveral days previous, was securedthrough mistake. The tablets weresimilar to those he had been taking,and he did not discover his error until he felt a burning "sensation in histhroat. He summoned assistanceand when it was found that he hadtaken the poison an antidote was administered before the arrival of aphysician, who had him hurried to ahospital. His condition for a timewas regardedd as serious, but the latest information is that he is now outol danger. Mrs. uronson, wno wasiformerly Miss Nan Wilson, of thiscity, is his stepmother.O9999e9999t9ftft9ftftftftftftftftftftft0ftftftftJOHN HOLLANFOUNTAIN PEN!Is perfect for businessand social writing, beingfitted with pens suitedfor general or any specialwriting purpose. It isnon-leakable, self-inking,fills, locks and deansitself. A purchase of thispen means an end to inkylingers and scratchy penmanship. Come in to-dayand let us show you one.We have them at allprices.Plain Holders in dropper filled at $1.00, 1.50and 2.00.Self-filling Plain Holders at $2.50, $3.00, $3.50and S4.00.Each one warranted asto fit, service and satisfaction. People's PharmacyDoyie Building 8th and MainBoth Phonesi'$Misses' Suits, $17.50, $20.00, $25.00Of crepe woolens, black and white checks, crepe poplinsana gaoaraines: snort coat eltects with ruffles and threetier skirts; all colors.Wool Crepe and Serge Dresses, $8.00 and $10,00Neatly made in modified styles; suitable for every day,hard wear. In black, navy, copen, brown, tan. All sizes.Rain. Coats, $5.00 and $7.50Of double texture and silk rubberized cloths, guaranteedrainproof under all. conditions. ' 'Ladies' Suits, $25,00 and $30.00A very exceptional line in the newest weaves. Styles thatare correct and suitable for large as well- as slender women.Separate Silk Coats, Separate Cloth Coats,$10.00 to $25.00If we could see ourselves as otherssee us Paris and Bourbon countyivould display a litte more interest inmaintaining institutions that havebeen organized for the betterment ofthe community, and at the same timeput them in the front ranks with simiar institutions throughout the State.Recently the announcement wasrmade by the directors of the BourbonCounty Agricultural Society that unless the people of the county wouldaccord better support to the BourbonFair it would be discontinued. If thefair is to be discontinued it will notbe the first organization in the countyto be forced out through the la-ck ofinterest on the part of the people.The Bourbon Fair has a reputationthroughout the State because it isthe oldest fair west of the Alleghany iMountains. People of other citieshave taken notice of the probable discontinuance of the old organization,and are freeto take the opportunity ofcriticising the Bourbon people forpermitting it to fall behind. In re'gard to it the Louisville Times ofWednesday had the following in itseditorial columns:"The Bourbon County AgriculturalSociety has issued a statement to the,eifect that, unless the people of thecounty rally to the .support of thefair, it will have to be discontinued.It is to be hoped that the appeal willbe productive of good results. Bourbon county is one of the richest inthe State, and there seems no reasonwhy the county fair should not receive adequate support, though it issaid that the fair has been conductedat a loss for the last four years. Civic pride should come to the rescue inBourbon and" make it possible to maintain the county fair, and maintain itat a profit. There are many countiesin Kentucky, less wealthy than Bourbon, that hold successful fairs everyyear."Three-quarter length, jaunty, smart looking. The modelsX areentirely different from anything that has been shown.Solid colors and fancies.Crepe de Chine Blouses at $2.85EATRICALThe Columbia Tomorrow.."The Vacant Chair" (Princess)She was a lovable but hard-headedold lady and she was determined thatno other woman should ever take herdead daughter's place. So when herwidowed son falls in love with a newcomer to the town, a very attractiveyoung widow, she is so displeased'thath she exiles him from the oldhome, though still welcoming hergrandson as a frequent visitor. Thesen marries the widow, and the townapproves. But grandmother does notrelent. Then she begins to be verylonely. A young girl becomes friendly with the solitary old lady, and theygiow to love each other. One daydoy the grandson comes and findswith grandmother Dorothea, thedaughter of his father's new wife.Grandmother is already secretly inlove with, the girl, who is remarkablypretty and sweet. She darts out oftho house when she sees him, leadin r him a chase down the street, and"liindmother follows them. They all 4ccme together in the houseof the recently married son. Grandmotherlearns then who lier winsome youngcompanion of many lonely weeks is,In four diiferent styles; Dutch k, short or long sleeves, allcolors, lhese are very exceptional values.Ladies' Suits, $25.00 to $50.00Thee styles are exclusive. If you buy one you will havethe comfort of knowing that you will not see a number ofothers like it.$1 .00 Shirts and BlousesTwelve different styles, including white and floweredvoiles, pure linens, dainty cotton crepes and net4 stripes.Either high or low neck, short or long sleeves.Separate Skirts, $5.00 to $1 5.00Silks, pjaids, crepe woolens and serges. In ruffle anddouble tier styles. Most exclusive models we have evershown.Taffeta Dresses $18.75This is a splendid quality, soft taffeta that will wear: JThisstyle is a modified blouse effect with neatly ruffled skirt.Colors black and navy.Silk Dresses $1 7.50 to $35.00In chiffon taffeta, figured crepe, crepe meteor, crepe dechine, canton silks and moire. Better styles than you canhave made at anything near the price.XWoitWe&Cb.5 formerly Kaufman, Straus dc Co.frJ,rshe sees her son and Dorothea'smother happy together, .and the portrai of her daughter still hanging onthe wall, honored by the second wife.Grandmother is convinced that shelias been unreasonable. She asksforgiveness, and they all gatheraround her lovingly. And grandmother is perfectly happy.m 9PROF. STACKHOUSE RESIGNSFROM RICHMOND SCHOOL.Prof. W. S. Stackhouse, formerly amember of the faculty of the ParisHigh School, but who th4s year taughtin the Richmond High School has tendered his resignation to the Boardof Education of that city to becomeeffective at the end of the presentschool term.His successor will be chosen at ameeting of the Richmond school boardto be held at a later date. -.LARD!The Purest andthe BestAH Home Rendered i10-Pound Cans, - $1.4050-Pound Cans, - $6,50RELIGIOUS.1Communion services at the Presbyterian church Sunday morning atin-SO n'olno.lc and at 730 r m Rav. IDr. B. M. Shive "will preach the regular sermon. preparatory servicesS.aturday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.88sAlsikA and Rpd P.lnvAr SpprlR Tim-othy i Seed; also choice Northern $White Seed Oats; high germination.R. B. RUTCHCRAFT.(17,-3wks.FOR SALE.BaldwinBros.,Paris, KentuckyBothPhones32 ,!ai49o4--9----999999999999:9.y,-l-W'P'wWr-w.THE -BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCRY, MARCH. 27, 1914V,1,-51--1jgtefa SOGiAL MIDHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEFRESH AND SALT FISH.We have fresh salmon and smokedsalmon: also fancy mess mackerel.(27-lt) C. P. COOK &CO.MODERATE PRICESFor up-to-date Suits, Coats, Dresses,Skirts and Millinery at moderateprices go to Simon's.PASTOR'S AID TO MEET.The Pastor's Aid Society, of thePresbyterian church will hold an all-day meeting at tne cnurcn uu xuday, March 31.LOCAL COMMANDERY TO3E INSPECTED TONIGHTSir Knight A. N. Richardson, Eminent Grand Senior Warden, will makethe annual inspection of Couer deLion Commandery No. 26, Friday,March 27, at 7 o'clock, p. m. The Order of the Temple will he conferred.ON DISPLAY' PERSONAL.Cora Wilson Stewart will lecture be-j SPECIALIST MAKINGThe best assortment of Suits, Coats,oi:.f- oni Millinery everI IPOCCMS iTilVll LD ttuu --shown in Paris, is now beinat Simon's.displayedFRESH CAUGHT FISH.Wc have a nice shipment today ofx- .,,. nwcrht salmon. Phone usyour order if you want somednnlB27-U) J0HN SAUER.niceATTENTION, YOUNGMEN, YOUNG WOMEN!KENNEY NICHOLS BUYSGEO. WILDER RESIDENCEMr George W. Wilder Tuesday soldHis attractive brick cottage .locatedon the corner of High and ThirteenthGreets, to Mr. Kenney Nichols of! 'm, ,.? id was abouttf- A Mr VlP.holS Will4,oUU. Jir. " -.!.-.move to the property.FOR THE YOUNG FOLKSU kinds of Children's Dresses andCoats from the babies up to sateenvearsf of age, at moderate prices canbe found at Simon's."Mrs. George Taylor was in ParisSaturday."Mrs. Jas. Porter is visiting rela-jHvoc in nnrliola i,r. -, , ti i . , ,r,-c land Mrs. Martin O'Neal,Miss Carolyn Roseberry is vis- ,T . efof 'iting relatives in Cincinnati.Miss Fannie Flora, of Carlisle, isvisiting Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Flora.Mr. Charles Eales, of Cynthiana,was a visitor in Paris Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. Tom Rice, of Maysville, are the guests of Mrs. Jas. Doty.Mrs. Bettie Bedford is the guestof her sister, Mrs. Mollie Frazier, inLouisville.Miss Lucy Gordon Quintance, ofMaysville, is the guest of Miss Frances Howard.Mrs. William Giltner. of Lexington, was the guest of friends in thiscity Wednesday.Mrs. Henry Craig, of Georgetown,is the guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. W. Davis.Miss Annie Hizer, of Falmouth,is visiting her sister, Mrs. Ed. Summers, in, this city.Miss Amanda Davis, of Wilmore,!nas Deen the guest lor several daysof Mrs. T. M. Funk.Dr. Raymond McMillan, of Lexington, was a guest of friends and relatives here Tuesday.Mr. T. M. Funk left Sunday for abusiness tiip to Buffalo, N. Y."Mrs. C. B. McShane, of Paris, is-lie guest of Mrs. V. R. Curie."Mrs. F. P. Lowry ha3 returned aftir a six weeks' visit in Florida.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mrs. Benaett Insko, of Paris, is visiting iierparents, Mr. and Mrs. James Green, inthis city.Mrs. Wm. Langford Clark, ofRichmond, and little son, WilliamClark, Jr., are guests of Mrs. Clark's;ister, Mrs. Jas. Wilcox.Carlisle Mercury: "Mr. and MrsM. R. Burton, Mrs. S. W. Keller anddaughter, Miss Annie, and Mrs. L. T.Potts were in Paris Wednesday.Mr. T. Hart Talbott has returnedlftcr a visit to his brother, Mr. Dudey Talbott, in Los Angeles, Cali.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon willeave this week for Newport tor a vist to Mrs. Bacon's parents, Mr. andMrs. J. H. Behrman.Dr. M. H. Dailey, who has bee.i"n Chicago, attending the Golden Jubiee of the Illinois State Dental Association, returned home yesterday.Mr. and Mrs. S. E. Hervev and1 children, of Lewisville, Ark., are vis-fore the club on April 16.Messrs. Douglas Clay, ColemanRenick, G. C. Thompson and Fay Ardery, students at Centre College, werevisitors in Paris several days this Jweek.Misses Lillie Martin and BerthaLaughlin. of Carlisle, are guests of Mr.on soutnjMain street.Mr. Monroe Sweeney is recovering from the effects of a fall sustainedseveral days ago by which he waspainfully bruised.Dr. F. M. Faries has been confined to his apartments in the Fordham. Hotel for several days sufferingwith a slight illness.Mt. Sterling Gazette: "Mr. T. C.Whaley and Miss Lena Whaley, ofParis, were the guests of Mr. and Mrs.Hoffman Wood this week."Mr. W. E. Turner, who recentlysold his farm at Bunker Hill, has located in Paris."RAPID ADVANCES.Do you desire a position in the classified civil service? Post Office ClerksLetter Carriers, Railway Mail Clerks,etc., in demand. Ages 18 to 45. Salary $75to $150 monthly. Hundredsof appointments to fill vacancies, extension of service and Parcel Post.Mr. H. L. Carl will be at the WindsorHotel in Paris on Tuesday, April 7,inquiring for young men and womenwho desire to qualify for these appointments. He will be there oneday onjy, noon until 9 p. m. Thoseinterested should call and see himwithout fail. Minors must be accompanied by parents.(-7-31)Dr. Milton Stern, who recently located in this city for the practice ofhis profession, is perhaps one of themost promising young specialists inthe State of Kentucky today. Graduating from the Paris High School several years ago, and for eight yearspursuing his studies in the piost prominent schools of New York, Dr. Sternhas eminently fitted himself for aplace among the professional men ofthis city and State.Shortly after his graduation in theNew York school Dr. Stern located inthe South and opened his office in asmall Georgia town, where he received a most liberal patronage, butfinding the field at that place entirelytoo small, he decided to locate in hisold home, where the prospect for arapid advancement was very brightA few weeks ago he secured a leaseon office room in the Daughertybuilding, at the corner of Main andFifth streets, and from the start hehas received every encouragementwhich will ultimately lead to unlimited success.Dr. Stern made a specialty of thetreatment of diseases of the ear andeye, and so proficient is he in the advanced methods of treatment for suchdiseases that he is receiving the highest praise not only from patients, butfrom the professional men of thiscity, and words of commendation fromall sides are to be heard upon his accomplishments.ncB0UR30N COUNTY FARM ltmg Mrs. Hervey's mother, Mrs. Nan-liic iicuibtV) at uci ixuu.it; ua kjovcimiDINIMG TABLES.Thin of tii't-s haautiful (liningroom tables at $4.75 up to .$38.50 durn e- our February ami March sale.27-11) A. F. WHEELER & CO.JUST RECEBVED-iniported VVurzfcpurg"er, 35c cguart BassBrowser k iGSftsisora.MRS.CORA STEWARTTO LECTURE IN PARISf 1(18 dew, The Beautiful, Await You I2 'IpHE New York market has been thoroughly searchedJ. and we have succeeded in bringing together theJ largest stock we have ever shown in fact an enormous2 stock of new merchandise.Opening Sale of New Spring Silks, Dress Goods, Wash5 Goods, Linens, Dress Trimmings and Laces.The newest in Neckwear, Ribbons, Handkerchiefs, JewelryBags and Dress Accessories. Everything you want toH make your new Spring outfit complete.5 We wish to call your attention to our enlarged depart2 merits of Lace Curtains, Draperies and Rugs.fj) We have the merchandise donrt fail to see the manynew things we have to show.tFOR SALE.W. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.fCQitoii Sed Meal Hulls; also,Shelled Corn and High-Grade Tobaccofertilisers tor sale byIt. E. HUTCHGRAPT.(17-2;.vks)THE NEWEST.Wsli goods, all the newestrials and designs, at Simon's.mate-ATTENTION, LADIES!auctioneer M. P. Kenney soldWednesday for Master CommissionerC A. McMillan, the Mrs. Jennie Ashbrock farm on the Hume & BedfordDfre about three miles from Paris,to Mr. Carl Long, for $171 Per acre.GARDEN SEED AT L-ENIHAN'SSave money by buying your gardeneeds from Lenihan. t-t)..viALLPOXCASES IN HARRISONstreet.Mrs. John Wilder, of Maysville,formerly Miss Judy Oldson, of thiscity, was taken to a Lexington hospital Monday, and will be operated onTuesday for tumor.Mrs. Elizabeth Rogers, of Lexington, has been here for several daystaking the testimony in the case of W. IE. Henry against the Louisville &Nashville railroad in the CircuitCourt.Miss JoseDhine Havden left Tuesday for Chicago, where she will takeMrs. Cora W'lsea Stewart, founder-,f dr. 'VicvJl'ht pchocls," who isinak:n& a lecture tcir through Kenuck in iIip interest ot education,w'M ppoir iu bis otv orae time inApril.' Mrs. Stewart will fome hereunder the auspices of the FederationMrs. Stewrrt is recogiized as one!of the most intelligent women in the1 State, and her lecture is sure to bei instructive as well as entertaining.Plans have not yet been perfected,but wall be announced at a later date.SEED OATSWe have added a shoe cleaning anddyeing department to our barbershop. A specialty made of cleaning,shining and otherwise, attending toladies' shoes. Special attention given to dyeing bucks and tans. Workcalled for and delivered in the citybetween Second and Fourteenthand Walker Avenue and Vine Streets.Telephone us your order.(27-lt) RUSS CORBIN.BOURBON FAMILY REMOVE TO j SANITARY COUCH.CANADA TO RESIDE!j We are offering a beautiful SanitaryMr. and Mrs. Newton H. Taylor and Couch at $2.75 during ourFebruary3on, Mr. NT. H. Taplor, Jr., and grand-1 and March sale.Inncrhtor liftlP ATic-o Janifi Ford, left' 27-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.Monday for Hughton, Sask., Canada,!o reside.V"Vf . Tavlnr will ha in o.hnrjrfl nf thfi !Executor's Notice.All persons having claims agairst-NOTICE.We have the highest grades of SeedOats, Red Clover, Alsike, Alfalfa andTimothy Seed, at right prices. Seens before niacins; your orders. FeedNotice is hereby given that the udfiprsisned will not be responsible foanv accounts contracted by any pernn without his personal permission.RUFUS P. STIVERSaris, Ky., March 25, 1914.(27-3t)big Tarm belonging to Spears & Sons, Jin Canada, which will be cultivated onU.t UALC11QI C OV,Ult LlllO jf ttl. I - - T T T 1 .2-the Snears farm comprises inoreUIB tauj UL luIb- Juua uo ae"th?n 3 000 acres, and Mr. Taylor wm!ceased are requestec to present same,cultivate it extensively in wheat, oats, I Properly proven according to law toflax and potatoes. He will also raise tne undersigned for payment Thosehigh-class Kentucky graded Jersey knowing themselves indebted to saad"and Holstein cattle, saddle horses, j estate will please call aund settle.mules and hogs, a large shipment of . ?NJ?4?UL,lJAIsV ,tnr,v hnvin? hpfin sent ahead to I Executor of the Estate of Mrs. Juliannrarin n fp.w wp.ftks aso. i Doyle, Deceased.Mr. Taylor had been a resident of 'Bourbon county for more than twelve iyears, and, during his residence here,had engaged extensively in farming,being a partner of Mr. John Woodford.Mr. Lee Bell Harp, a .brother of Mrs.Taylor, accompanied the family toCanada, and will be placed in chargeof the live stock on the place.(24-lmo.)TOBACCO FERTILIZER.FOR SALE.Baled Hay.A. B. HANCOCK. ,Home Phone 560,Cumberland Phone 783.(13-6t)FOR RENT.AWe are handling a Tobacco Fertilizer of the highest quality, the samemmlit.v we ourselves have been usingwith great success. Only 150 pounds Two rooms on third floor of Agri-required to the acre. cultural Bank Building. Heat aatrCHAS. S. BRENT & BRO. water furnished.(24-4t) Phones 14.(17-tf)i . , . .: :-i ' : 4-u oul e n: ! UatS 1H UUV UUiHi'a.va, bpcciui uuuidb in tne oi;uuui ui w-Timro are fiftv-two cases of small-ox in and around Lair, in Harrisoni,;r-L'-ninp new cases having,.0iftnpfl Tuesday. None of the pa-,. i,oe hoon rpmoved to the countypest house, but a strict quarantine is jAN INVITATION.We wih to call your attention tocur spring line of woolens, which iswithout doubt one of the finest weave ever shown. Both the qualityof the fabric and the workmanshipare unsurpassed. Easter- Sundaycoming April 12, we invite you toome in at an ejrldg & cqCONTRACT FOR STREET OILIS AWARDED THE STANDARDics and PhilanthroDV. of which DrSophronisba Breckinridge is the presi-dent.Dr. F. J. Cheek has returned tohis home in Danville after a visitwith triends in this city. He reported Mrs. Mary Ingels formerly ot Parisimproving from a recent severe illness. The children of Mrs. White Varden's dancing class will give a germanat the Elks' Hall, Saturday afternoon,March 28. from 2 until 5. This willconclude the first term and owing tothe large nunlber of pupils spectatorswill be limited to those holding ticketswhich have been issued. The germanwill be led by Miss Katherine Wilsonand Mr. Ireland Davis.At a meeting of the ProgressiveCulture Club Wednesday afternoonthe following program was rendered:"Best Representatives of the Ameri-cha:(20-tf)BRENT & BRO.Phones 14.CHIPPEWA CLUB PURCHASESSEVEN-HORSE POWER LAUNCHTHE J. T. HIINTON CO.t&The Chippewa Club has purchaseda seven-horse power electric launchwhich has been placed on Stonercreek. The weather permitting, thecamp will open in about three weeks.The Club will be better equipped thisqpfison than ever for handling boat-inc parties, and they plan many im-provements and conveniences at thecamp.LEN TEN SPECIALS! The Big Sale Closes Tues-1i day" Evening.i You are Missing a Great Opportunity jrf You Don't SupplyS Your Wants Now.of specials for.id phone us yourThe stereets of Paris will soon betreated to a coat of oil to lay the dustflavor Hinton has closed a deal wii: - . , :z r fAi ciitficienttne Stanuarn uu u. - :r - r w """"T:;: ':. " " ' "oTMinmv-to put on all tne streets ul " i eiectea as ueiusuu; uu wc oucx-itv The deal was made througn eration, with Miss Clara BuccrRoad this listw r nteu seasonorder:I hi.kled Herring, White Fish, Milkcan Stage," Mrs. J. W. Bacon; Booker H-rr-ug. Roll Mops, Salt MackerelT),rior "T TonhPrnn" hv Air.:. iaua fifiu oum.wii...'t.......!h ffiro of -.hfe companyend the price obtained was entirelysatisfactory. The contract calls forfrom 60,000 to 8.000 gallons of oilslivered in Paris during the jear-.cm. in tank cars. It is sain wi "Frances Hodgson Burnett Mrs. Rob-!ert Meteer; Edgar Allen Poe, Mrs'. IHarry Stamler. Mrs. W. R. Scott wasState Fetl-n a alternate; JUrs. itouei'L uoggui u.r,chosen to represent the club at theGeneral Federation, with Mi:5 Josephine Ilayden as alternate.i ho Woman's Sociv of fip.iiricstinn church held its regular(24-tf)LENIHANninment will arrive the latter part of , meeuns Tuesday afternoon m. tne pa.-nril when the work of oiling the j lors cf the church, with Mrs. J. W.reets wili be started.ALL GRADESi Larkin. first vice-president, preidin-j.1 The election of officers for the envi! ing year resulted as follovs: Presiiom A?rs n if Tin Amsnaraer: fir,,t a nf Tiif..nn Cotton at lour i vir.f-nresident. Mrs. F. P. Lowry; sec-prices at Simon's. ond vice-president, Mrs. Thomas rieim JI Clay; third' vice-president, Mrs. Jor.n ,FRENDoERG PROMOTED TO 1 Jameson; secretary, Mrs. E. T. Ki.i-F1NC ENGINEERING! KuaniuMtra; assistant secretary, Aurt,. Aemiu.vj Nichols; treasurer, Mrs. L. D. R..dMr F Frendberg, Assistant Bn-jmon; auditor, Miss Martha Wyatt;neerof the Kentucky Central Di- organistf :,Irs. Lizzie Walker. Mk.i.ion of the Louisville & Nashville j w Larkin, the former first vice-ailroad with headquarters in this . presidentf and Mrs. J. J. McClintoc.,city has received a promotion, ana treasurer, declined re-election on acwll leave Sundav for Birmingham, count of illuess n their families, aJa whp-e he will reside perma- number 0f matters of interest to tne-PnVlv "" , Society were discussed, and the meet-T . Cim"",, J" I pi it I r -. , 'mj-- i a!Mr PVAnriherjr has ueen iuere for the past eight years, ana isrdvanced by the company to assumea similar position on three divisionsof the road entering Birmingtomham.The position carries a substantial inrease in salaiy. SUCCeededn Paris by Mr. R. A. McCrumb whoing v;as one of unusualinterest andimportance. .The regular weekly meeiiag. ofthe Paris Literary Club was heldWednesday afternoon. There was agood attendance and the followingprogram wa rendered: "The Gotheni,0rr svstpm " Mrs. William Myall;T?nt.s Mrs. j. iaiuuuParis by Mr. it. a. .ilulu7 "" "liingineeriiis reau, . - .-----employed by the company at Mid- j .Swedisll Religion." Miss Annie May; .Clesboro 'Reading from "ivaievaia, ma. ---SDOr' 1 ers Da?is. Mrs. w! O. Hinton was iFPRRiiARv AND MARCH SALE . elected to represent the club at the.FEBRUAR. ANU state Federation in Louisville, with. .'ncrnnr bis ! -Tfce T.nnv Rimms as alternate, and,One of our special "" iril,!10 ""' . rnc olpotP(1 dP.lesate ibeaUtllUl wiiiLc ii" i .airs, juuu ua.iB u. w-- ,Children lovetlie . VictrolaFrom earliest childhoodthe Victrola has a place intheJives of the children.i Merely fascinating themat first, it soon becomes asource of instruction asVeil as entertainment."- The iVictrola'give9 correctformation to i their musicaltastes y accustoming' tnemto music that is svorth svhile.J 'Come in and hearthe iVictrola bringthe children with youand let them enjoy ittoo. $15 to $200easx terms if desired.Bale is a child'sVd at 3.7527-tf) A.F. WrfEBLBR &CO.SPRING FOOTWEAR.The dainty Parisian styles in smartT.umps, .tangos and English walKmgeffects "Also", the Baby Bolls in all leathers?d widths, now on display, ati27.tfj FELD'S SHOE STORE.iio p.onorai Federation meetinto be held in Chicago in June, withMrs. J. S. Wilson as alternate. Mrs.Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., the newly-elected president of the club, andwho is also treasurer of the State Federation, will attend 'both of thesemeetings. The club will have as lUj. .. iu ?v.r nvf Wprlnr.vl'guest ui. uiu iu-ciuio .-- - ; ' iMiss Rebecca Averili, of Praiikicr;-j;who will deliver an addras. .u. - ,. r:idao90Cvv03VjI Learn WHERE lS8l. to buy - trIWMfurniture. HBS&9x12 MattiDg Rugs $2.429x12 Matting Rug, Reversible . . 2J5These Rugs are of extragood quality, and should beseen to be appreciated.JOIN OURiilyl'biiyUii smKitchffl CabinetMr. and Mrs.It savesto go to thenitura..will notHome love :-time and trouble and moneyright store for your fur-When vou come to our store youhave to look anywhere etLse,forjwant to BUY OF US; and youvou willwill save money, for our prices arereasonable. -When you' come to us once,you will come again when you buy furniture. "Get acquainted with our storeand learn where to buy furniture to theftest advantage in quality and price.Easy Terms.We are showing all thenew Ideas and colorings inWALLDECORATIONSLet us show you the QUALITY LINE.HE J. T. HINTON COMPANY-r " r1 IS h i : Bln'S59 .Paris. Kentucky Phones 3I JnHertakinsr Ambulance Wood Mantels fggQQSca'JaeaititetggcaMtJ'Baail?ll3&r-z"THE BOURSGN NEWS PARIS, KY., MARCH 27, .1941-i-I! iWAS QUITTING TOWN WHENHIS APPOINTMENT CAMEoJ. D. Nunnelly is the new postmaster 4Lt Sadieville, Scott county, he hav.Uy; received notice of his appointmentSaturday.Pot several weeks he had waitedlor news of his appointment, but hearing nothing favorable, he had aboutx;ome to the conclusion that some otMs opponents had knocked the persimmon. So he decided to leave Sadieville and move to Georgetown. Haiad already begun moving. He countermanded the moving order."A committee from the local lodge-of Elks, composed of A. E. Scherrand others, left with the body forHandley. The funeral took placefrom the home Wednesday afternoonand the body was taken to Pratt on aspecial train for interment."jr''TIZ" SOOTHES SORE,AND TIRED FEET.i T rAh! what relief. No more tiredieet; no more burning feet, swollen,bed smelling, swea:y feet. No morepain in corns, callouses or bunions.JJo matter what ails your feet orwhat- underthe sun you'vetried withoutA r-ltfOtttfi. fr4-i-X rr rnliftf&CCUi.li0 A li.UM.fjust use "TIZ.""TIZ drawsout all the poisonous exudations whichpuff up thefeet; "TIZ" ismagical, "TIZ'is grand, "TIZ"will cure your foot troubles so you'll"never limp or draw up your face inpain. Your shoes won't seem tightand your feet will never, never hurtor get sore, swollen ,r tired.Get a 25 cent box at any drug ordepartment store, at:d get instant reJief. (No. 4-fri)THE MOTHERS' FAVORITEA cough medicine for childrenshould ,be harmless. It should bepleasant to take. It should be effectual. Chamberlain's Cough Remedyis all of this and the mothers' favoriteeverywhere. For sale by all dealers.(March) (adv)GasI mr lttm1 plumbing and Elecri-cal Work in AllJ Their BranchesStoves, Rangesand Appliances.PLACED HIS BAN ON EVILSIndulgence in Smoking and LiquorMeans Forfeit by Heirs of ShareIn Rich Estate.. Bloomington, 111. Before Mora and"Leita Murdock, and their brother Max,children of the late J. T. Murdock orLa Salle county, can benefit undertheir father's will, they must appearbefore the probate court and take asolemn oath that they have notsmoked or chewed tobacco nor parta-Iron ,if intnYiratine HciUOrS for tWOyears previously.The last will and testament of thedead millionaire is unique in the annals of the probate courts of centralIllinois. While the testator wasknown to be a total abstainer himself,he was never intolerant in his reference to others who might drink orsmoke, and the will just placed onrecord by the administrator was agreat surprise to hjs family andriends.To guard against a false affidavit,Mr. Murdock provided that in the2vent such, flecei was resorted to,that a protest made by any person acquainted with the facts must be givenconsideration by the court. Shouldthe accusation be substantiated, theperson who made the false affidavitmust forfeit all share in the estate.The heirs are given life interest inthe property, and the will provideslhat the anti-tobacco and anti-liquorstipulations are also binding upontheir children and grandchildren.The will bequeaths the personalproperty to the widow and divides thereal estate equally between the twodaughters and son. All three childrenare grown and prominent in societycircles. The trio say that there willbe no danger of any forfeit of theirshare in the estate, as all are opposedto the use of tobacco and intoxicants.The clause of the will relating totobacco and liquor reads as follows:"It has been my aim and ambitionduring the whole time I have been ac-quiring and saving the property herein devised, to leave the same for theimprovement of the minds, and not forthe debasement of the bodies of thosewho may come into its possession. Tothat end, after due deliberation, it Ismy will, and I do hereby especiallyprovide, that no one who uses tobacco,by smoking or chewing, or shall be inthe habit of using intoxicating liquoras a oeverage, snail nave any snareLUKE McLUKE SAYS(Cincinnati Enquirer.)A woman can become highly excited over the fact that a bride is starting out in married life witli machinehemmed napkins.When she was taking piano lessonsher mother knew she would makethe musical world roll over and playdead. But she usually winds up bypounding the ivories in a moving picture showr for five bones per week.Every movng pictur man knowsthat the audience wouldn't know ahorse was galloping across a film unless a flunkey back of the screen slapped two cocoanut shells on a plank.A man doesn't have to know that heis engaged to a girl as long as sheknows it.There are some ways to keep ahusband at home, but pressing himwith a Cherokee massacre smokingjacket isn't one of them.When the Nice Young Man hasreached the hand-holding stage andsticks around until midnight, Fatheralways starts something by yellingdownstairs and ordering daughter totell the milkman to .leave threequarts. There always a lot of guys who arealways saddled and bridled waitingfor some one to drive them to drink.When a man leaves town to go toanother -town he never gets a job, healways accepts a postion.The man who would rather be rightthan President always gets his desire. A man will take a drink himselfevery now and then and think nothingof it. But as soon as he smells boozeon another man's breath he losesconfidence in him.A reformer announces that "thetight skirt ruins many a young man."We have seen the passionate hosieryand the ribbons in the rear of the hatsbut we missed the Dizzies who weartight skirts.A woman whose eyes are so weaKthat she can't read without glassescan look at another woman on thestreet and tell whether the otherwoman's union suit is made of cottonor mixed cotton or silk., A woman is apt to get an impression wrong end first if she steps offa moving street car that way.The average country town postoffice, doesn't pay anything worthmentioning. But the privilege ofbeing first '.r get a peek at the mailwill alwa.. keep itin demand.FIRST CLASS SERVICE ATFREEMAN'S BARBER SHOP.FOR RENT.Two rooms on third floor of Agri-Having engaged thfe service of Louisjjivprs. an flvnpnpnrAn narnpp i mnnmv Tironnroi f Tianrfio ttiv traH orwi cultural Bank Building. Heat..w.. .v-.V,- ..V ..lV, J . 1.4.111 lUgive the most thorough satisfaction.Give me a call and be convinced.BUCK FREEMAN.andwater furnished.(17-tf)oc oWhen Your Blood is RiYour Whole System is Right.gnuIfiYou Have any Blood or Skin Diseases DO NOT DELAYUntil it is too late, but orderTheTO-DAY!Hotrin?s hiWIDOW OF SAM J. ROBERTSWINS SUIT IN U. S. COURT" Mrs. Anna T. Roberts, widow of thelate Samuel J. Roberts, of Lexington,won the suits brought against her inthe Federal Court at Frankfort byAubrey Harwell and others, newspaper brokers, of New York, to collect a commission of $5,000 for bringing about the sale of the LexingtonLeader to a syndicate of Lexington.. i i! Vn TMnnoitv ni 1nrrma tnoronr IIP- ' . ?a 11 :j.. ...nn .-xu. cue yjuiiciy ui ivwi- v v-w. -- j men. Alter uie eviueiie wu.& wmvised by me. Before anyone shall take j pieted in the Federal Court at Frankany Denent or any property uequeathed or devised by me, such one,my wife excepted, shall file in thecourt where this will may be admittedto probate, his or her affidavit, andsuch other additional proof as may be Irequired to convince the court of thetruth of such affidavit, that he or shehas not used tobacco, for smoking orchewing, nor has been In the habit ofgetting intoxicated or of using intoxicating liquors as a beverage duringthe full period of the two years immediately prior to the time such affidavitshall be filed."fort, Judge A. M. J. Cochran directedthe jury to return a verdict in favorof Mrs. Roberts.Russia last year nearly doubled itsproduction of hops over the figuresfor the previous year.44A Complete and Positive Remedy TorACNE, MALARIA, RHEUMATISM tand all other forms of EBIood and Skin Diseases. tHot Springs Physicians pronounce this the Greatest Blood and Skin Remedy ever placed4on the Market.FuM CourscTrcatmcnt-Sk Bottles, $18.00.Single Bottle, $5.00.We Prepare a Remedy For Every Disease.I Our Treatment of Female Ills is the Greatest oi itsKind Ever Offered to Suffering Women.Write us yourtroubles. All correspondence strictly confidential.Hot SprinMedical Company t803 1-2 Central Avenue, Ho Springs, Ark.04 v! Spicer &Gilchrist, j"KING" OF SWAN'S ISLE DEAD1 Picturesque Carer of Alonzo Adams,Yankee Skipper, Ended in Boston Hospital.Elks' Buildingt .L Phone, 103i Home Phone, 101WOMAN GOULDNOT SIT UP3Jow Does Her Own Work.Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound Helped Her.Iron ton, Ohio. " I am enjoying better health now than I have for twelveyears, wnen I began to take Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound Icould not sit up. Ihad female troublesand was very nervous. I used theremedies a year andI can do my workand for the last eightmonths I haveworked for other"women, too. I cannot praise Lydia E.-Pwkh&m's Vegetable Compound enoughrforl know I never would have been asrweSi if I had not taken it and I recom'SBend it to suffering women."Daughter Helped Also."I gave it to my daughter when shettss thirteen years old. She was inschool and was a nervous wreck, andcould not sleep nights. Now she looksma healthy that even the doctor speaksof it. You can publish this letter if you-ike." Mrs. Rena Bowman, 161 S. 10thStreet, Ironton, Ohio."Why will women continue to suffer&ay in and day out and drag out a sickly,iialf-hearted existence, missing tkree-omrths of the joy of living, when theyc&a find health in Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound?If jrou liave the slightest doubt.-tk&t Ijydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will help you, write"tIiydiaE.Pinkham MedicineCo.(eotifidentialjliynn, Mass.,for adTiee. Your letter will he opened,ireftd and answered hy a woman.d lield in strict confidencet&imm$k.ipi$JJtfXTB'-tttv'&&3&r-j&feggfeSffl:Boston, Mass. Alonzo Adams, onetime Yankee skipper, later "king" ofSwan's Island in the Caribbean sea,and for the last few years a ConnectI-1cut farmer, is dead at the Massachusetts General hospital In this city atthe age of 78.Mr. Adams, or "the king," as hewas best known, was born In Ellsworth, Me., of seafaring parents.About twenty-three years ago a vesselof which he was captain was chartered by a company to carry a commercial expedition to certain Caribbeanislands. The venture failed andAdams accepted for his pay the rightsto Swan's island, one of the group ofwhich the company had acquired possession. There the Yankee skipperestablished a small kingdom, takingthe title of king and introducing royalcustoms. He developed his kingdomcommercially, and within a few yearshad amassed a small fortune.Three years ago he accepted anoffer from a development companyand sold his kingdom, returned to"the states" and settled down on afarm at Easthampton, Conn.THIS simple rule of health is daily called attention to by every doctor in the land, whose first question tothe patient almost invariably is, "Are your bowels regular?" Yet there's not one person in fifty whotakes proper care of the bowels. And the result of this foolish neglect is nine-tenths of all ill-health.If today you are unable to free your body of waste matter at the usual time, or if the act causes straining,pains and discomfort, don't let that condition occur again tomorrow. Unless your bowels can carry away thewaste materials left after food is digested, decay sets in, the poisons of whicn, taken up by the blood, increasethe risk of Typhoid Fever, Appendicitis, and many other serious diseases.In treating constipation, there is a right way and a wrong way. The wrong way is to take harsh purgatives which even though they do clear the bowels, cause griping and nausea, injure the delicate tissues, andso disturb the normal functions as to cause the return of constipation. The right way is to help Nature toproduce natural movement, without pain or discomfort by using"MOVIES" PUT TO NOVEL USENew Jersey Spectator at Theater Toldon Screen Burglars Are Busyin His Home.Boonton, N. J. Mr. and Mrs. Norman Browers were spectators at amoving picture show here when oneof the film dramas was suddenly interrupted with these scribbled wordsthrown on the screen:"Norman Browers wanted at homeat once."The message was a burglar alarm.A sixteen-year-old daughter had beenattacked by a burglar at the Browershome, a mile distant, and her grandparents, who had found her unconscious and bleeding from a wound inthe head, had telephoned to the theater, where the unusual burglar alarm.startled the parents.MAN'S DOG MAKES AN ARRESTMoreThanOne HundredMillion WereSold Last YearThis enormous Quantity wasused with good results by busy menwho suffered from constipation, dueto lack of exercise, or indigestioncaused bv overwork by children whoseparents realize the harmful effect of common purgatives bv old people whose systems cannot stand anything harsh bywomen during pregnancy, and after childbirth, when anv medicine with a violentaction would be particularly dangerous. Manyof these people are your neighbors and friends.Ask anyone who has ever used them they'lltell you Rexall Orderlies satisfied and helped them.a gentle laxative in the form of a chocolate-tasting tablet. One ofxnese laDiets eaien just Deiore going to oea mil help to restoreyour Doweis to normal activity ai a time wnen, your bodyueing ai resi, me medicine can ao tts oest work. As a resultof taking that tablet (or say two, if your case is obstinate), your bowels will move easily and naturallyzn me morning. ne use oi xtexaii uraerliesfor a few days afterward will restore normal regularity.. Even chronic constipation is benefited by them, and itis not necessary to continue thetreatment for a long time, because, instead of drivingMature, they simply helpher to help herself.Sold only at the morethan 7,000 RexallStores and in thistown only by us.In vest pockettin boxes,10cr25c,50cThisIs OurGuaranteeYouRisk No MoneyIf Rexall Orderlies do not makeyour bowels act right, tell us so andwe'll give back your money withoutasking a smgle question. There is nored tape to this guarantee. It meansjust what it says. You sism nothing.We won't hesitate, or ask you any questions. Your word is enough. If RexallOrderlies do not do all you expect them toif you don't feel better after using them andfind that they are the pleasantest-acting and bestlaxative you have ever used, we want you totell us and get your money back.Paris Canine Holds Robber Who Attacks Sho0 Employe Until PoliceArrive and Capture Him.Paris. Attacked at night by rufDans in the Rue de Lancry, Paris, M.Jean Jabier, a shop employe, calledhis dog, which set upon the men andheld one of "them until -the ; arrival ofthe police. ' ", ' 'S. VARDEN &11 HE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 27. 1914 ."I Lameness ISloan's Liniment is a quicksnd reliable remedy for lameness in horses and other farmanimals."Sloan's Liniment surpasses anything on earth for lameness in horsesand other horse ailments. I -wouldnot sleep "without it in my stable."Mautix Doyle,432 "West 19th St., Isqw York City.Good for Swelling and Abscess.rIn. II. M. Gibbs, of Lawrence, Kan.,R. F. D., No. 3, i rites: I had a marewith an abscess on her neck and one50c. bottle of Sloan's Liniment entirelycured her. I keep it all the time forgalls and small swellings and for everything about the stock." .SLOAN'SLINIMENTis a quick and safe remedyfor hog cholera.Governor of Georgia usesSloan's Liniment for Ho? Cholera." I heard Gov. Brown (who is quite afarmer) say that he had never lost ahog from cholera and tliat his remedyalways was a tablespoonful of Sloan'sLiniment in a gallon of slop, decreasing the dose as the anim.il improved.Last mouth Gov. Brown and myselfwere at the Agricultural Collegeouilding and in the discussion of theravages of the disease, Gov. Browngave the remedy named as unfailing."" Observer."Savannah Daily News.At All Dealers. 25c. 50c. & Sl.OO.Sloan's Book on Hores, Cattle,Hogs and Poultry sent free.Address Br. Earl S. Sloan, Boston.SPECIAL TO WOMEN!The most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamIiledicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence with i" uiuui) Tv.u.iu. uio no Qupcjium-J.Women who have been cured 3ayit is "worth its weight ia gold. At Idruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail. .The Paxton Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.. . ,JS3S?raE!msh ijgr&SASf,,'Vm the Lamp Oil thatW tjaves Eyesfjfi Nothing i? more important In thegg home than clour, .steady light. Insurethis by fretting the oil that burnsclear and chin without a flickerGown to the lat drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil reiiw d to perfection.Crt no mo e than tha inferioifnl:wa2nn rite aves MOSEY savesWORK cavp cvm.Your denier ha" SOLITE OIL inbnrrels direct fiom our works.' Ih Chas. G. Stall Oil Go.5 Lexington, Ky.KJ Refinery at Warren, Pa.i$ tTe sell the celebrated "No Carb"flj Auto Oil.WSS2&KSZZ2TT& :AoSdi5Yf tC'fl )JA- I C'S-'t Coufused, nevous, tired, worried or despondent it issure sign you need MOTTS NERVERINPILLS. They renew the normal vigor atmake life worth living. Be sure and ask LMott's Nerverine Pills gftSi.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhiffL. Oberdorfer, Druggist. Paris, Ky...Gurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Nexfc to Bourbon Bank);.3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pal'. fAftaoro QntfrSfo;! ' r "vf ,1 VIIUV uwnv. .at 'tal '1 IfitI '1 1Iurasro WmJNews Overthe State &I Nicholas Sheep- Claims.Carlisle Sheep claims in Nicholasj county for the past year amount toj $1,213.50. There are but $170 available from the dog tax with which topay the claims and the expense ofappraisement.Church Dedication.Danville Thq new Christianchurch, erected in Danville at a costof $60,000, will be completed in tendays and will be formally dedicatedj on Sunday, April 5. The Rev. Geo. jL. Snively, of Lewiston, 111., will deliver the. dedicatory sermon. MissGladys Shailer will direct a large chorus as part of the program.Appointed Trustee.Frankfort Governor McCreary hasannounced the appointment of Nathan B. Deatherage, of Richmond, ' asa member of the Board of Trusteesof the Confederate Home to fill outthe unexpired term of I. A. Alcorn,of Stanford, resigned.Kills Little Brother.Elizabethtown Casey Richardson, 11, accidentally shot and killedI his brother, McHenry Richardson, 7,with a target rifle. The boys are thesons of Mack Richardson, of Garrettin Meade county. The older boy wassheeting at a target when his littlebrother sprang out from behind acistern and was shot.3ids for Model Road Rejected.Mt. Sterling. E. W. James, of thennni Roads Bureau, Dejartment ofAgriculture, Washington, opened bidsi.v-ie ior the construction of a modelroad, and all were rejected. Bidswere ordered readvertised for. Therewere only two bids and they werehigher than the Government estimates. H. R. Prewitt and RufusKnight, trustees of the fund to buildreads, say this road will certainlybe bpilt this summer.Frankfort-The State Sinking Funduomniissioii win metJL suint; uuikthis week to take up the question ofcairying out the provisions of thelaw requiring a uniform system ofaccounting for the head of "each department of State government andeach official, who receives and expends any of the public funds duethe Commonwealth of Kentucky. VThe law goes into immediate effect He signed House Bill 159, providingcarrying an emergency clause and di for letting the State printing conrects that the system shall be in tracts for terms of five years; Housestalled by July of this year or as soon j Bill 258, requiring itinerant merthereafter as practicable. It allowi chants to put up a bond and secure athe commission full power to employ license; House Bill 267, providing forexperts to install the system, ad working convicts on the public roads ;requires that daily balances be kept ! House Bill 473, providing that secondin the Auditor's office and all others i class cities, instead of the contractors.handling state funds.Cigars a Necessity.Marinn .TiidsrP. Gordon in the Cirm,,,. t,ourt reversed a decision of theCity Court on the Sunday closing lw I! as oertaining to druggists, etc. On jWednesday, R. F. Haynes, of Haynesj& Taylor was arrested charged withselling cigars and soft drinks onI Snndv. tried before Judge Flynn, oithe City Court, and fined $25 andcts. Mr. Havnes apoealed the easeleo the Circuit Court which is in ses-f cinr. hfrp anri . Miflcrp. tiorflon reverseil1 the decision. Judge Gordon in reversing the decision said that as thedruggists have to open their stores as. a matter of necessity tor ths eellingof medicines he might as well sell aJ cigar or a bottle of coca-cola. A! smoker needed a cigar as badly ar;j many another man needed pills or aJ hungry man needed something to eat.CaUaaI niirlAnLesington-The U & N. Railroad ,Company has given the Constitution-street public school the use of twoand one-halt acres 01 grounu iymg ue;- . f -1 1; .twier the railroad tracte and Con-Every Cough Scatters GermsTO STOP THE SPREAD of colds In the family,allay the first coucWnc by SootMr.tr andSmoothing the inflamed bronchial tubes withDr. Bell'sPINE-TAR-HONEYIt also Inhibits furthergerm growth."TELL BY THE BELLFor Sale by All Druggists.Got AnyDEFECTS?CORES, BURNS,SCALDS. BRUISES.CHAPPED HANDSAND LIPS, TETTER,ECZCil?Do you really rant to heal It? Bid enouch tospend 2Cc. ? Then ro to tho store and ,buy aDOX Ol un iiiiii- -9 .septic salveIt is snov vhite and snow pure and li itdoesn't co ne -worK, set your muucj uai-n..Tel! It By The Bell"For Sale by All Druggists;I x&3!wiSw0st Granny Metcalfe says "It H3&NSKi5i!r ain't vhat you're goin' to h(Km do, it's what j ou do do that H 'TO counts when j ou're ailing." jViVwW 25c. SCc, Sl.OO. At AM 0VJrvV-r------ DRUG stokcs. IsM&SWmkAnnA "' stitution street,- which the pupils ofthe school will convert into a garden.Each, boy will he given a plot thirtyby twenty feet in which to raise vegetables, and the work will be competitive, while the girls of the schoolwill -border the garden with flowers.The vegetables will be sold and theproceeds used to equip the domesticscience department of the school.Flow of Gas.Carlisle Gas was struck by theMoorefield Oil & Gas DevelopmentCo., which is drilling for oil and gason the farm of Richard Whaley, atMyers, this county. The flow wasstruck at a depth of ninety-nine feet.Struck Sy Train.Danville Clepn Linney, a wellknown young man of Harrodsburg,was struck by an express train on theQueen & Crescent route in the Dan-ville yards and sustained serious in-juries. Mis skull was fractured anahe was otherwise injured. At first itwas thought his foot had been cut off,but an investigation proved that hehad a wooden leg that had beencrushed to pieces.New Departure in Christian.Hopkinsville A twenty-year franchies providing for the operation ofan electric light and power companyin Christian county outside of incorporated towns, the first in Kentucky,was sold to the Kentucky PublicService Company for $114, that beingthe amount of the costs of advertising and selling the franchise. TheFiscal Court met immediately afterthe sale and ratified it. This franchise was sold for the puprose ofcovering the exteinsion of a linefrom here to Pembroke, over whichto furnish current for that town, andother extensions that may be madein the future.Signs State Aid Road Bill.Frankfort Governor McCreary onWednesday signed the State-aid Bill,levying a tax of five cents on the 100to create a State road fund with whichto aid counties in improving roads.The law goes into effect in 1915, andprovides that where a county uses itsroad fund for permanent improvements under the conditions of the law,which requires plans to be preparedby the State road department and theapproval of the contract by the commissioner, the State shall put up dollar for dollar with the county.As soon as he returned from Louisville the Governor went to work reading bills, and before he quit for thenight he had signed all but one billpassed by the General Assembly, Senate Bill 77, providing for commissiongovernment for third-class cities. Heiias not yet had time to read this bill.shall collect the street improvementassessments, and House Bill 559,which declares that "all puonc roaas,connecting county seaxa m uo ui"-mon wealth, and which may have beenor may hereafter be, survey ea or rec-ognized by the State Road Depart-ment as the most feasible route forthe construction and maintenance ofa public highway ueiween saiu cuuu-ty-seats, to be public works of thisCommonwealth." . mGov. McCreary signed the bill m-eluding undertaking' in the law regu-latmg uie uusuicdb ui guiu..uu.aTHE NEW CIGARETTE LAWIt shall be unlawful to sell, giveaway, or furnish, to any person underthe age of eighteen years, any cigarette, or cigarette papers, or any otherpaper prepared to be filled withsmoking tobacco for cigarette use.It shall be unlawful for any person,unriP.r t.hfi ase of eighteen years, tosmote ,0. ; to have about .his ; parsonor premises, any cigarette or cigarette papers, or any other form prepared to be filled with smoking to-W. for cigarette .use Any PersonViolating Lll piuna.uua uj- un "1 violating the provisions of this -sec-tion liail ue imiu&neu uj a. nuc inot exceeding five dollars.It shall be the duty of every constable, policeman, town marshal,sheriff or his deputy when he findsany person under the age of eighteenyears smoking a cigarette, or with acigarette or cigarette paper in hispossession, to immediately inquire ifsuch person where and of whom heobtained such cigarette or cigarettepaper, and upon failure. of any personto give such miormation wnen requested by such o uicer, the officershall arrest such person and take hirubefore a justice or other officer having jurisdiction, to be dealt with asprovided in Section 2 of ths Act.Every person who shall smoke or!use a cgarette or cigarettes, in anyj school building or any building or, such parts thereof as may be used forschool purposes, or upon schoolgrounds, while children are assembled there for lawful purposes, shallbe guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon convction, shall be punished foreach offense by a fine of not less thanone nor more than five dollars.Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of thisact, where punishment is not otherwise provided, shall be liable to afine of not less than ten dollars, normore than twenty-five dollars for thefirst offense, and for each subsequentoffense shall be liable for a fine ofnot less than twenty-five dillars, normore than three hundred dollars, andon failure to pay the fine and costs ofprosecution, shall be required towork the same out on the publicroads.Using delicate electrical apparatusfor his experiments, a German scientist has reached the concluson thatliving fish are of the same temperature as the water in which they live.A vest pocket pen and pencil holderinvented by a Missourian is equippedwith a storage battery electric lightto enable its user to see to write, in.thedark.f " i ' ' .r - 4? VTHEATRGAL"Damaged Goods" at Lexington."Damaged Goods," Eugene Brieux'sstartling sociological play which Richard Bennett's New York company ofco-workers will present at the Lexington Opera House next Monday andTuesday matinee has the distinctionof being the only theatrical entertainment ever presented in the NationalCapital on the Sabbath Day. Theevent took place last April when, under the auspices of the Society for Social Hygefiie, Richard Bennett broughthis company from New York City toWashington in order that members ofCongress and other officials in national life might see the play and passupon its fitness. The play createdsuch a profound impression that theWashington Board of Trade passed aresolution instructing its secretary tosee what arrangements could be madefor a second presentation in that city.Mail orders Avill be given promptattention. (adv)BE CONVINCED.Nature calls, Butter-Wheat answers. A far trial will convince you.CADILLAC RESCUES FIRE TRUCKSTALLED IN THE SNOW.Heavy snow-falls throughout NewYork State have created many transportation difficulties and not theleast serious have been those encountered by fire apparatus in responding to alarms. On some occasions even the powerful motor truckshave been stalled in the snow banksand have required outside assistance.A spectacular incident of this nature occurred recently in Binghamton. A 10,000-pound combination"motor fire wagon in responding to analarm got stuck in a knee-deep snowdrift and never did get to the fire.Fortunately the fire did not amountto much and &o the results were notdisastrous, but the problem of getting this truck back to the fire houseremained.Chief Hoag, however, came to therescue. The Chief drives a Cadillac,built on a regular chassis but with abacked his car up to the truck, putextra weight in the tonneau to gettraction, then hooked on to the truckA start was made , and the stalledtruck moved slowly at first, but soongot under way. It was towed threeblock's to a car track where it wasable to move under its own power,has two Cadillacs in service. OnesThe Binghamton fire departmenthas been in constant service for fiveyears. The other was bought fourmonths ago.COMMISSION ALLOTS DATESFOR KENTUCKY RACESThe State Racing Commission,with all members present, met inLexington Friday, and allotted datesfor the spring race meetings at theKentucky tracks as follows:Kentucky Racing Association, Lexington, April 24 to May 7, 12 days.ChMrchill Downs, Louisville, May9 to May 22. 12 days.Douglas Park, Louisville, May 23to June 6, 13 days.Latonia Jockey Club, Latonia, June8 to July 4, 24 days.SURE.Some things are namedAll wrong, by jink!A bigot isA little thing.The first gas-electric locomotiveever built recently began service fora Minnesota interurban railroad, gasoline engines driving generators thatfurnish the motive power.4Stammering is now cured by"movies" under the direction of Prof.Arsonval, of Paris, France, the filmsshowing the correct way of using themouth and lips.STOMACH HEALTHOR NO COST TO YOU- Very likely others have advised3 ou to- use Rexall Dyspepsia Tablets,because scores of people in this community believe them to be the bestremedy ever made for Dyspepsia andIndigestion. That is what we think,too, because we know what they havedene for others, and what they aremade ot. We have so much faith inthem that we urge you to try them atour risk. If they don't help you theyJ won't cost you a cent. If they don'tdo all that you want them to do ifthey don't restore your stomach tohealth and make your digestion easyjust tell us and we will give yourmoney back without a word or question. Containing Bismuth and Pepsin,two of the greatest digestive aidsknown to medical science, they soothethe inflamed stomach lining, help inthe secretion of gastric juice, checkheartburn and distress, promote regular bowel action, and make it possible for you to eat whatever you likewhenever you like, with the comforting assurance that there will be nobad aftereffects. We believe them tobe the best remedy made for dyspepsia and indigestion. Sold only at themore than 7,000 Rexall Stores, and inthis town only at our store. Threesixes, 25c., 50c, and $1.00. G. S. Varden & Son. , (adv)The 1913 cotton crop was the largest ever grown, the Census Bureaureported. The total number of balesproduced was 14,767,151.Plans for joint maneuvers of theNational Guard and the regular armywere issued in Washington.The United States produced morewhite arsenic last year than ever before and the imports also were thegreatest on record.South African gold mining companies are experimenting extensively5with blasting by electricity with aview to minimizing the fine dust, regarded 'as the chief causepf miners'I phChisis. ' A -TVr " -vIWELLESLEY FUTURE IN,I DOUBT, OFFICIALS SAYThe immediate future of Wellesley College is in doubt as aresult ofthe financial loss sustained in thefire which last Tuesday destroyedCollege Hall, the largest building oithe institution. The true situation,it was said, was not realized untilthe Executive Committee met and discovered that the estimated loss of?900,000 was based on assessors' valuation of greatly depreciated property, and that the insurance obtainablerepresented only about one-fourth ofthe probable cost of restoration.The Right Reverend William Lawrence, president of the ExecutiveCommittee, said that within a fewdays he would call the trustees together to take some definite actiontoward putting the college immediately into working order, but at present he said the officers were at seaas to what steps to take.President Ellen F. Pendleton, ofthe college, said that all the studentshad been notified to be back in threeweeks, and that it was hoped to resume sessions at that time.Ifl'FIIIf you are looking for a goodSuit or Overcoat-at reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, here is "the placeto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Ovcr-coats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we areoffering them as a special inducement forfc4b4P12.98We also have a full line of Schloss Bros.' guaranteed-tailore d Suits for $15 to $25: Emerson Shoes at ?4;hd $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise can be had at a price thatwill please your pocket-book.TWIN BROS., CLOTHINGL. WoIIstein, Proprietor.L. 6c N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVETrainsNo.34131297104037123326259138335398FROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5:21 am.Lexington, Ky., Daily 5:13 ana.Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y 7:35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .- 7:38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:42 am.Cincinnati, O., Daily 9:38 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ' 10:20amLexington, Ky., Daily 10:15 amCincinnati, O., Daily . 10:24 am "Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:00 aCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:10pm ,Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:15pmLexington, Ky., Daily '. 3:33 piaKnoxville, Tenn., Daily i 3:30pmMaysville, Ky., Daily t 5:35 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6:18 pra.32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:23 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily ; 10:50 pm 1Trains ZDeiosirtNo. T O34 Cincinnati, O., Daily . 5:2S am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:35am7 Lexington. Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:47am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7:5 am ,10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 7: 50 am?( Lexington, Ky., Daily 9:43 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily .' 9:45 an33 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily 10:29 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:27 am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily 12:5pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. .. 12:04 am13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:33pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3:46 pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,... 5:5 ja39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 5:58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 8:28 pm -8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 6:25 pm .30 Cynthiana. Ky., Daily Except Su nday 6:40 pm31 Lexington. Ky., Daily .' 10:55 pm131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily..- ... 10:57pmait? G3C5 s JL A-LVXJCLSTrainsNo.2FROM & 'Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 7:40 amFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 1 5:50 po- Trains I3e"art" hTO , ZFrankkfort, Ky., Daily Except sSu nday. -. . . ?:3G aivFrankfort, KyDaUy Except St. nday ....?, ,S:ZpmNo.1' 3" .'LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Ewpdrwr.) ..Two is matrimoay, but thre is aftmony.What has become of the old-lMJr-ionedman who used to pull his fingers because he liked to hear thencrack? -A whole lot of people would bare- togo to work for a living: if tbwya wereas many sages in the world as tkereare fools.Honesty is called the best poUeybecause a men hardly ever thinks atplaying that gig.A whole lot of old sons-of-gunswho are professing religion in. orderto get Harps when they die are goingto be surprised when they find thaiHonesty is considered theb8tea.they have drawn ,red-hot L.yre.The fellow who never makes any.mistakes usually has a job with apick and shovel where he doesn't geta chance to make any.When a man quits kissing his wife wbecause of his belief in germs, yoacan bet that the germ lives in a flatat the other end of town and hasblonde hair.DEP'XOCT. 19, 1913-A.rrireJrri"v3GPBSEBS!fV ' , vf I' -Sfc-VJ-rftyh u' J-V'JU JE. r -.?"-.-v -n.' jf x , -Sf&cMkInajr -1iHiHrlW5T f.rL Tfvm ' 1 "W(ttiitumntttttifttmmtnnaatttfl mmA nice spoon in each package. g lTnFTrilTT7T Wtir1! Packed in Sanitary sealed earRoasted and packed frest every I vJCfc JL jUl JJZjIJ wJT1jL1wI tons Costs SS- Worth moreday. insist upon this brand. For 1 - ' y Save the Couaons. For Sale byCOFFEE sale by all Grocers. 20c per lb. wCJ.!? JtS JfcLi Ji aj Grocers. 30c per lb.t-wWiegSSSeC3SCagSeSa9mSft8agaS3SSBALLil L laBjrmlitOF 1LLERSBURG3Irs. Sallie Neelj of Paris , istlie guest of her cousin, Mrs. M. J.iGaldwell.Mr. Aaron McConnell was in Cinatsimati on business Wednesday7 andThursday.Airs. Aaron McConnell attended-ihe xuneral of her uncle, Mr. J. C.Harris, at Germantown, Thursday.Dr. and Mrs. J. D. Calhoun andkittle daughter, Elizabeth Dimmitt,:sre spending two weeks with relatives.at Ringo, Ga.Mrs. O. H. Collier and Misses Edxa Clarke and Carrie Peed attendedTthe Missionary conterence at tlie i ninainnati Clonspr valor v of Miisin.Baptist church at Maysville, Wednes- wm give a concert on the evening ofApril IS, at the M. F. C, under theAmity Lodge No. 40, F. & A. M., atthe Methodist church, on Sunday evening, April 5. The public is cordiallyinvited.THE SICK Mr. J. J. Peed continues about the same. No changefor the better in the condition of Mr.B. A. Neal. Robert, the son of Mr.and Mrs. C. C. Chanslor, is able to be-up.Mrs. A. S. Best entertained witha rook party Tuesday afternoon inhonor of her guests, -Mrs. LucienMaultby, of Washington, Ky., andMiss Louise Best, of Maysville.There were six tables. The colorscheme was pink and whitej whichwas nicely carried out. Brick creamand individual cakes were served.Miss Alma Duke Jones, of the3ay.Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Grimes enter--taineda card party Tuesday night inhonor of Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Bascom,-rlio have recently moved here from' OwingsvilleMrs. Minnie C. Hurst, daughter,1 Amelia, and son, Edward, were the-suests.of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.1 32dwarck Cochran, of Elizaville, fromi Ivlcnday until today.ofauspices of the McDowell MusicalClub of the College. Miss Jones isa Millersburg girl wha is studying atthe Conservatory. She is perhapsthe most prominent girl that has evergone out from Millersburg. She isdeserving of a large audience.The Hurst Home Insurance Co.has moved its office into the new quar-ters just fitted up in the Odd Fellows'r -n- t ITT tt e t ..: .f,.. ..... . ' ....ui. o. v. ruiiei, ul ucAijisiuu, hni rfirur. mm rooms m tnfi home owill preach the annual sermon for , Mrs. Minnie C. Hurst. The company:iec9tctccce9e&ctemmmmmmmmmtmmmmMBORLAND'SThe Home ox Good Wall Paperhas occupied these rooms ever since IMr. F. F. Hurst took charge of it. Inthe last few years the business hasgrown so fast as to render their present quarters inadequate.The Twentieth Century Club,which has been studying Kipling, during the season, held a most brilliantservice at the home of Miss RuthMcGlintock, Tuesday afternoon. Eachmember was allowed to invite threeguests, there being twenty membersof the club. Sixty of the most brilliant ladies of Millersburg, includinga few out of town ladies, were present. Prof. Roscoe Gilmore Stout, ofthe Eastern Kentucky State NormalInstitute, of Richmond, delivered anaddress on "Kipling."It was a brilliant affair. At the close of the" address a social hour was spent, duringwhich time Russian tea and sandwiches were served. The speakerK. OF P. WARDS TO GIVEENTERTAINMENT INPARISee$s9e$c ottttinftftsttnttittmmofwas introduced by the presidentthe club, Miss Alfa Ball.The following petition is submitted to the people of Millersburgsigned, in order that it might be presented to the next meeting of thcCity1. If you are interested in the removal of fowls from the streets; ifthey have been any source of annoyance to you, or have given you anytrouble in any way, sign this petition.If not, keep your fist from it.If youare afraid of offending someone whois raising chickens, and at the sametime want the petition to go through,then forever hold your peace whenthe Council meets and the ordinanceshould fail to pass. The Council iswilling to do the right thing if youwant it."To the Council of the Town ofMillersburg, Ky:"We, the undersigned; being citizens of the town of Millersburg, Ky.,wculd most resnectfullv Detition the(members of the Millersburg Councilthat they, in regular meeting assembled, enact an ordinance prohibitingthe running at large of fowls in the2 ' city limit's of Millersburg, Ky., andEighteen of the children from theKnights of Pythias Widows and Orphans Home will come to Paris, onThursday evening, April 2, and give afree, public entertainment at theChristian Church.This entertainment will consist ofsongs and recitations by he childien,and addresses by Elder W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Christian Church; Mr.M. George Moore, Superintendent ofthe Pythian Home, and Mr. John W.Carter, Grand Keeper of Records andSeal of Grand Lodge of Kentucky.The public is invited, at d is assuredthat -it will be time well spent by allwho attend. Beginning promptly at7:15 o'clock, the following programwill be rendered:PROGRAM:InvocationRev. 0. R. Maneum.Choi us Wonderful Love SeventeenChildren from the 'Pythian Home ofKentucky.Introductory Remarks - Py thianismElder W. E. Ellis.Duet -Absent Irene Berkley andOrley Perkins.Quartette Blue Eye?, True EyesSallie May Keith. Allie Pike, EstherBerkley, Annie Ella Keith.Recifation The Obedient Boy JanioHostetler. 'Solo Sweetest Song of All IreneBerkley.S Attend theI - AUCTION SALES O Nw, Used and Second -HandAutomobilesTrucks and Electrics,2 Wednesday, April 1st8 lie ginning at 10 a. in., at3433 Reading RoadCincinnati, O.(Take Avondale or Winton Placecar. Get off at Maple Ave.)Yonr one opportunity thisSpring to secure a high grade carat the price of a cheap one. Sendfor catalogue. Demonstrationof any machine made.The General Auto Repairs Co.Long Distance Tel. Avon 346.3433 Reading Rd.THEODORE MAYER & BRO.,Auctioneers. Firt National BankBuilding-, Cincinnati, O.9e:99mGSeeGQ30Don't IVia(ke the Mistake of putting offtill the last minute the selection of your wallpapers andthen select huiriedly patterns of which you may soon tire.We invite you to visit our store and spend a pleasant afernoon or evening looking through our immense line, consisting of all the season's latest creations in wall decorations. Come more than once if you deem it necessary andstudy the different patterns and shadings so that whenyou do make your selection you can have one to be satisfied with and one to be proud of. Have no hesitancy atoccupying our time, as it is our pleasure to serve you.Our aim and desire is satisfied customers.Everything in Wall Paper from Cheapest to Bestprescribe an adequate penalty for violations of such law."We would turther represent thatthe running at large of fowls uponthe streets of Ivlillersburg, and uponthe premises of others than the owners of the fowls, is annoying, unsanitary, annoying and unliealthful, andwe respectfully request the Millersburg Council to provide sufficientj j laws to prohibit such practice, with-out mterierms: m tlie owners nip orrasing of such fowls where same areconfined to the premises of the ownersthereof."Wherefore, we respectfully subscribe our names thereunto:"TELEPHONE 159Miss Katherine Davis, Commis-!sioner of Correction of New York ,City, was greatly disturbed on receiv-iins a letter addressed "The City ofYpv Voi'lr Dp.nnrf mpnt of CorrilT)-I tion,." It was from a firm that wished4refteftS9e$eSSS$$e9$$S&88ft$$3363d9d$&&63 to sell paint to the city.r.-, mw -i.ABbfcgH'.rEsj. jmj.mh Jwaygc'JJut.e.'j.'TwaiCTCynLove is blind esDeciallv if thejgirl has more dollars than sense.Pvthian Home of Kentucky M. Geo. ' --- ,Moore, Superintendent.Duet I'm So Shy Sallie May Keithand James Stewart.Recitation Master Wilson Duff.Duet Four Leaf Clover IreneBerkley and Albert Beikley.Address J. W. Carter.G. K. R. S.Quartette Whi pering Hope IreneBerkley, Bessie Birch, Orlcy Perkins,Goldie Birch.Solo A Perfect Dav Orley Perkins.Duet Goodnight Ola Bowles and !Rosie Pike. jIt is hoped that cvarv member of jRathbone lodpe or the order in Bouib n !county will attend thi; meeting-, 'and jbring their wives and chiliren. jBek)W is a list of e'ehteen of the 100wards of the K. of P. Widows "and 'Orphans Home, at Lexington, v. ho ;will pasticipate in the prgrarn:Irene Berkley, pged 1', Newport. jOrlev Perkins, aged lo Covington, jGoldie Birch, 17. Russell.Bessie Birch, 16, Russell.Daniel Midkifi, 14, Hpitforri. IHmer Fanning. 14. Ent 8errstad !Omar Wilburn, 15, Valley View.Albert Berkley, 14, Newport. jJames Stewart, 12, Jeliico. - jWilson Duff, 5 Clay City.Janie Kostetler, In, Mcorefield.Sophia Stewart, 13. Jeliico.Sallie May Keith, 11. PJ'gle Station.Annie Ella Keith, 9, ,ag!e Station.Allie Pike, 11, PineviiSe.Roie Pike, 6, Pineville.Esther Berkley, 0. Newport.Ola Bowles. 8, Clay City.I Spruce UpjNow is the time to have 5your wearing1 apparel clean-ed and put in order for JSpring. mthe Work iWeDoRight.Comparison will affordyou an opportunity tojudge.Give Us a Trial.ELECTRIC!? CLEAN627 Main St., Paris, Ky.)99eQ99999999999mm&m9m9m9m9mcm9HE BANKED HIS MONEY ANDBECAME A BUSINESS PAFLT NERYOU CAN DO THE SAME .r.a gEMBBgUKflffiaiBgsaflKassmI fa- Where toI L, . Poptiier P1 $ vSi5ES5BiM2S3S!iSC2ESS2SSSSGriceVas'D l44MIVER,The One Who Knows InvariablyThere WherQualityandAnswersionestym 41Value-giving .supremacy made possible by our practical purchases hasmade &is store THE GREATEST BARGAIN STORE in this county.Bigger airsd Better thara Ever is Our Selection of Spring Bsie'Footwear io AIS StySes For Every Occasion e tihrLowes PossifoieYou hsar them say that 4,So and So' gave "What's ,His Name" his first start by taking- him into partnership..No! The MONEY HE HAD IN THE BANK gave him hMstart. ;So and So" needed him and could use him and hmoney in the business. Besides, the boy who is putting.money in the bank can be trusted. Rich men are huntingfor them.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.PARICapiSal, $i0O,Q0Q.O0.J. M. HALL. President.Surplus, $40,GGC.OO.C. K. THOMAS. CASHIERWlKei &53&g3 3E&t; llll19f!$Ladies' Patent Kid, Kidney Heel, SiikBraid around Vamps, in high shoeand pumps, $5.00 value at $3.49Ladies' Gun Metal, Louis Heel, newsmart last, in High Shoe and Oxford, $4.00 value at 2.99Ladies' Todd's Tango, Satin, LouisHeel and Patent Colonial Pumps,$4.00 value at 2.99Ladies' Patent and Gun Metal, highand low heel, $3.50 value at 2.49Ladies' Patent and Gun Metal in allstyles, $3.00 value atLadies' Gun Metal, button and lace,$2.0.0 values at1.99Men's Tan Walk-Over, new Englishmodel, high shoe and Oxford 4.00Men's Tan Russia, Empire Style WalkOver 3.50Men's Tan Beacon, in all lasts, $4.00vaiutB at 3.50Men's Gun Metal, bench made, $4.00value at 2.99Men's Gun Metal, button and lace,$3.00 value at. ; 1.99Boys' Gun Metal and Tan, button andand lace, $2.00 value at 3 .49am :Eg - , 5iiilii' iiiis&ii if iii ii. vrATM mlm m m M m mm W mms f is HI IB mm m. m mm mW$mm mmmW AVM tc VJ& MJP E2 Wh tim m 1m Lj 1b J9f mum B Jw 51 JW bI fem?v W lh'lif&VBHBVVKaVHHiaaBVBVHVttailBHHHHBHM mmmmmmmmmmMUM iaMmec25 lb. sack H. & E. Sugar 1.00(With a three dollar purchase)Large size can Tomatoes 10c3 cans Baby Bunton Corn ; 25ePride of Illinois Corn . iQcCracked Rice, per lb 1 05cFancy Head Rice, per lb 10c2 cans Cu-Tu-No Red Salmon 35cPalm Brand Peas, per can " 10cFox Lake Peas Per can 15CSugar Loaf Peas, per can 2()gBulk Coffee, per lb 20cLANCASTER PRIDE PLOUR25-pound sack gQc50-pound sack SI. 55100-pound sack 3qqStone's Wrapped Cakes Received rresh Oaciy.WmW 1 tt BotiLfcCash Grocery.Both Phones 234KC9sssae wA. XL "rVf.rr' .. j . i3