' uvI&,-'PUBLISHED EVFUY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 12, 1914.ILS CLOSING INPI ".BOURBONNEWSCOULD GET RECRUITS HEREFATAL INJURIESMBBMJUMMMMk jP ?l AMMHtfH HI-ON HUERTA ANDEND IS NEAR'Zapata Said to Be OnlyForty Miles From Capital of RepublicTAMPICO ABOUT TOFALL TO REBELSPower of Dictator is Rapidly Crumbling--Appeal forAid for RefugeesVERA CRUZ, May 11. Huerta'scapital is now the "City of Dread."General Emiliano Zapata, whosedepredations have terrorized Southern Mexico for several years, hascaptured Cuernavaca, according to information received here Cueruavacais only forty miles from Mexico City.Tampico has fallen, or is about tofall, to the Constitutionalists. Saltillois menaced by General Villa's brigades. Vera Cruz is in the hands of theAmericans.Mazatian, several times reportedcaptured, cannot hold out muchlonger.President Huerta's power is steadily crumbling. He is awaiting theend and at the same time 3,000 foreigners are sharing his vigils, wondering what is in store for them when thecapital falls to one or the other of thefierce revolutionary leaders.News of the capture of Cueruavaca by Zapata, the man who delights-to call himself the "Attila of theSouth," was brought here by Wm.Smiley, who came out of the capitalon a refugee train that left last Friday. He had fled with a number of.other Americans from Cuernavaca andthe train on which they were taken tothe capital was fired upon by Zapata's followers.Federal soldiers guarded the trainfrom Cuernavaca to Mexico City.Two of them Vere killed by the rebels"bullets anr a number were injured.The passengers escaped injury bylying on the floors of the cars.Capt. J. R. Simms, of Com-pany I, Second Kentucky Na-tional Guards, will come toParis to recruit his companyif it becomes necessary for theGovernment to call out the Na-tional Guards in event of warwith Mexico. According toCapt. Sams he now has aboutseventy-five men, who are welldrilled and ready for service,his company must be recruitedto 106 before it can be muster-ed into the volunteer service.He has been in conference' with a number of Paris jeoplewith a view of openinga re-cruting station in this cityshould the National Guards becalled into service.NEGRO SECTION HAND FELLTRAIN AND INSTANTLY KILLED.MEXICANS PROTEST.WASHINGTON, May 11. SecretaryBryan indicated late to-day that therepcited seizure of the Mexican lighthouse at Lobos Island by AdmiralMayo has been made the subject of aprotest by the Mexican Government.He said that the matter had been called tn his attention by the SouthAmerican mediators at the direction, jhe assumed, of Huerta. He addedthat an investigation of the reportedseizure had been ordered, but that theState Department had no direct information on the subject.William Knott, colored, aged 21years, fell beneath a freight train atAusterlitz, this county, Saturday nightand was instantly killed. Knott, whosehome ws at Heiskells, Tenn., hadbeen employed since April 26, with asectio'n crew under F. Elvers.With a number of companions hewent to Winchester on the eveningtrain Saturday and the entire numberboarded a fast freight at Winchesterto return to Austerlitz. As the trainneared Austerlitz it was running atabout fifteen miles an hour whenthree of the party alighted on theright hand side. Knott, attempted toget off on the left hand side and it isbelieved lost his balance and fell beneath the wheels of the car.Several of the party did not attemptto get off and rode to Bedford -whenthe train proceeded under slow ordersand walked back to Austerlitz. Nearthe station they found the mangledbody of Knott. His head and bodywere laying on the edge of the crossties and his feet across the rails.Both were severed, the entire trainpassing over them.Coroner Rudolph Davis was out ofthe city and the body was orderedremoved to the establishment of Mr.George W. Davis. It was brought tothis city Sunday afternoon and r hisrelatives were notified of his death.The local undertakers have not received any message as to what disposition to make of the remains and itis probable they will be interred inthis city.Coroner "Davis went to the sceneof the accident yesterday morning,where lie summoned a number of witnesses and conducted an investigation,finding that death was due to an accident.LINCOLN COUNTYIS FOR BECKHAMRESUSTAINED BY"WE KNOW HOW" 40. N. MGKENNEYAttempts to Board EnginetAnd Falls Under MovingFreight TrainsDIES AT HOSPITAL- jONE HOUR LATERInjury to Head Causes theDeath of Well-KnownPopular ManKENTUCKIANS ASK AID.A dispatch from Washington FridayWarmly Welcomed "WhenSpoke in ' StanfordSaturdayHeisaid: , ,"Rear Admiral Badger estimatedin a "dispatch to the Navy Departmentthat it probably will be several weeksbefore all American refugees are outof Mexico. He reported that thesteamer Ssperanza left Puerto Mexico with 634 refugees aboard. TheMexico, which arrived at Vera Cruz,took 170 of the refugees on the Es-,T.a-nQtn Jp.w Orleans."he City of -Tampico sailed forProgresso to 'collect '-refugees fromthe Yucatan distSet. When the Motto Castle return- rn Tampico Admiral Badger said. .. : regees thenat Vera Cruz will b -.-ansiarred toher and she will be bs- to Isew Orleans at once."Four Kentuckians, Ed Holmes,J. E. McGuire, Wm. Collier and E.Moore, were among the two hundredfi.. on hoard the steamshipConneticut, in quarantine off Calves-.ton, who signed the report, trans-1mited to the Senate today and referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations, expresing tear for the safetyof three hundred Americans who remain in and around Tampico AfterPointing out the many depredationsSued by Mexicans and indignities that Americans and other torsigners were subjected to by the lawless natives, the refugees said thefailure of the United States to takea definite stand at this criUca moment will make it possible for us. i ntrprn with safety toat we have been forced to adan-dMp. Holmes gave his address asGlennsboro, Anderson county whilethe other three ret ugees merelysigned 'of Kentucky after theirT Collier, who was mentto ned inthe above, is a yCollier of Millersburg. biie lecenuyreceived a letter from him m whichne-ave an account of his escape&om Tampico, and was among therXgees on board a ship bound forGalveston.PORCH SHADES.' We sell the beautiful and service-. "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theyu please you. WHEELBR c0.v.-STANFORD, Ky., May 11. Ex-Gov.Beckham was "given an enthusiasticgreeting by the Democrats of Lincolnand many neighboring counties whenhe spoke here in the interest of hiscandidacy for the United StatesSenate. He was introduced to thebig crowd by William H. Shanks, whorepresented Lincoln county in theLegislature during the memorablesession of 1908, when four so-calledto vote for Bradley to defeat Beckham for the Senate.Mr. Shanks declared emphaticallyto the audience that' lie knew personally that had Gov. Beckham been willing to submit to the influence of theliquor interests he could have beenelected United States Senator."But." said Mr. Shanks, "he preferred to sacrifice the great honor ofbeing elected to a seat in the Senatein reference to a violation of hispledge to the people or to renouncethe principles for wiiicn ne nasstood."Mr. Shanks said that during histhree terms' service as Represetativefrom this county at Frankfort, hehas never met any man whom he considered as clean and as able as Gov.Beckham, nor any one who stood asconsistently for the true interests ofthe great common people and as freefrom any suspicion of corporate orother sinister influences.Gov. Beckham was given a mostenthusiastic reception during hisspeech of about an hour and a half,and at the conclusion leading Democrats from all sections of the countypressed forward and gave him thestrongest assurances that he wouldcarry this .county overwhelmingly inthe primary next August.Democratic leaders from Boyle,Pulaski, Garrard, Casey and Rockcastle counties came by automobilesand train to hear him speak here,and brought the same kind of assurances that he will sweep their counties. Gov. Beckham spoke Friday afternon at Perryville, in the western endof Boyle county. The town hall wasnot large enough to hold the crowd,about 100 being compelled to remainoutside.While attempting to board a yardengine in the South yards o theLouisville & Nashville railroad at anearly hour Saturday morning Mr.George N. McKenney, a special detective in the employ of the company,fell beneath the .locomotive, and wasso badlv iniured'that he died twoliours later at the Massie MemorialHospital.Mr. McKenney had been on dutyduring the night, and as was his custom, he intended riding to the passenger depot, where he would makehis report and go to his home. Whenhe attempted to board the engine hemissed his footing and fell to theground. His right shoulder wasbroken and he suffered an injury tohis head.The engineer in charge ,of the yardengine witnessed the accident, but before he could bring the train to astandstill. Mr. McKenney was fourcar lengths in the rear. He waspicked up and taken"", to the depot,where a physician was summoned,and he was ordered taken to the hospital. At first he was not thought to beseriously hurt, though Mr. McKenneypxnrfissed the ODinion that he hadroofiived fatal injuries. At the hos- fnifnT lift was able to help himself tosome extent. He died about seven lo'clock, and was removed to his home I'on Pleasant street. Deatn was aueto the injury he sustained to Ms head.Mr. McKenney was aged about sixty-fouryears, and was one of the bestknown residents of Paris. For fouryears he served as a member of theParis police force, and was an earnestand efficient officer. He was retiredas a member of the force- on January1, when he secured a position witnthft railroad company as a specialagent in Covington, and ws Iter trns-ferred to Paris.He is survived by his wife and sixchildren, as follows: Albert, Leo andDavid, of Paris; Omar, of Corbin;Mrs. Birdie Brown, of Lowell, Ky.;Mrs. Carrie Brandenburg, of Winchester. Another son, Owen, died abouta year ago. ....Mrs. McKenney ras on a visit toher son in Corbin, when she receivedthe news of the accident and death ofher husband, and returned home Saturday afternoon.The funeral took place at the residence on Pleasant street, Mondayafternoon at three o'clock. Rev. Dr.O. R. Mangum, of the Baptist church,conducted the services and the burialfollowed in the Paris cemetery. Thepall-bearers were: C. P. Mann, Dr.William Kenney, Joseph Farris, Dr.F. M. Faries, Fred Link and E. B.January. . .,, .Coroner Rudolph Davis will conductan investigation into the deatn oi mr.McKinney before a jury as soon asthe members of the engine crew canbe located and convenient arrangements made to have them present atthe inquiry.f 4Straw Hat .. -'Time Is HereI' Take Off That Old Felt HatAnd put on a new Straw Hat. We have the kind that is, cool, comfortable and Becoming.Panamas - -n l$.In shayes to please the young man or the more conserva-tive man. The very high crown straws, with narrow .brims with the bow on the side or back, just the thing forthe young yellow.Hopkins and Dttnlap StrawsThe kind that the swell stores in the cities are showing.(Come to our store to-day and select your straw while thepicking is good.Straw Hats $1 to $5Panamas, $3. 50 to $10Mitchell & Blakemore,w The Store -for Mens Stvles Paris KentucliThe Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckyWWWJNO. C. C. MAYO DIESAfter Game Struggle Against DiseaseDeath Wins OutFRANK & COBUY NOW -Last Cut in Prices ofies' Readv-toWear GanrTt yPi!! iji Tr m!i tP 3it 4? jpJff&p&1jptip W2NEW YORK, May 11. John C. C.Mayo, Democratic National CommittaomaTi frrm JCPTitno.kv. died here thisafternoon at the Waldorf-Astoria .tiu-tel.Col. Mayo was brought here forfurther treatment after blood transfusion at Cincinnati had failed.The condition of Col. Mayo, whohad been seriously ill here sinceApril 25, became worse early todayand his death was momentarily expected. The patient had been unconsciousfor several hours and last night thefour physicians in attendance administered oxygen.With Mr. Mayo were Mrs. Mayoand their two children, ana mr. , wMayo's father, P. J. Mayo, and Wash- Qington ' Mayo, his brother. j gMr. Mayo was taken ill bout threemonths go at his home in Paintsville,and after several weeks' treatment bylocal physicians, it was decided that gthe patient would nave a utsLteichance of life in a city hospital. Ac-cordingly a special train was charter- med to tke him to the Jewish Hospital gin Cincinnati, where for weeks he hov- gered between life and death, making 9a brave fight, in which, in spite of the gconstant attention of nurses ana yuysicians, he lost ground, little by littie.y2 OFF ONLadies' arid Misses'Woolen Suits!Sizes 34 to 44y3 OFF ONLadies' Odd Size SuiteSize's 39 to 45y3 to y2 OFF ONLadies' Silk Dressesr "if v 'I '' ' ' 'I' v 'i 'I '' '' '' 'Mi2- tiYs TO y2OFF ONLadie' Evening DressesVz TO y2 OFF ONLadies'' and Children'sSpring Goats' !4,49J4,,4,",sC,,2,FRAK&The Store Where Reliability Reigns.j?-JoX'PAWS, KENTUCKY MAY, .12 1 9.14i ritV1titcirciIJ.-IiBLOOD IS THICKER TBN. WATE"aWithout ood red b'ood a man has a weak-heart and poor nerves. Thinness ofthe blood, or anaemia, is common in young folks as well as old. Especially is it .Ihe case uith those who work in illy ventilated factories or those who are shutxp indoors in winter time with a coal stove burning up the oxygen or emittingcarbonic (oxide) gas. This blood, or blood which lacks the red blood corpuscles,in anaemic people mav have been cau-cd by lack of good fresh air breathed intolurgs, i r ry poor d gcslion or dyspepsia. Sometimes people suffer intenseram over the heart which is not heart disease at all, but caused by indigestion.Whatever the cause, there's just one remedy that you can turn to knowingthat it has given satisfaction for over 40 years.DR. PIERCE'SflOLDEN MEDICAL DISCOVERYIs a blood clcansei and alterative that starts the liver and stomach into vigorousaction. It thus asaisb. the body to manufacture rich red blood which feeds the.heart nerves brain and oans of the body. The organs work smoothly like.machinery running in oil. You feel clean, strong and strenuous instead of tired,-weak and faint. Nowadays you can obtain Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery Tablets, as well as the liquid form from all medicine dealers, or tabletsty mal, prepaid in 1 or 50c size. Adrcss R. V. Pierce, M. D., Buffalo, N. Y.DR. PIERCE'S GREAT 1CC8 PAGE ILLUSTRATED COMMON SENSE MEDICALADVISER WILL BE SENT FREE, CLOTH BODND FOR 31 ONE-CENT STAMPS.be Paris Rome telephone ana Celrapb 0o(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. K. E. SPEARS,' Commerical Manager.3$?3$ $$Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Bourbon1fc fc? " k Jtiii?i sag iv Vlf I r. ? ;- ,Y -655(1t, mmGEO. W. DAVISf CNEBAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALM EB.. - -BOTH'PHONES--DATia1?; NIGHT 399.4GasVv 1hifhna!Plumbing and Elecri-cal Work in AllTheir BranchesMasda (Tungston) LampsStoves, Rangesand Appliances.Spieer &- Gilbhrist,Elks' BuildingE.E. Phone, 103Home Phone, 101When you feel ';iscouragecoufused'netoss, tired, -worried- or despondent it issure sign yon need MOTTS NERVERINFILLS. They renew the normal vigor armake life worth living. Be sure and ask fMottVNerverine Pills yriitWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props,, Cleveland. OhiffLv Oberdorfer, Drugtfit Paxil, Ky.wHave Yciu aHOME TELEPHONEt VOur Bourbon CountyBusiness is GrowingMorS Rapidly ThaiiEver Before.Ask Your Neighbor! About The. , n .Service, Then Let Us Fig-fjure With YougsWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in oincc up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelanndrv line. That is whavmade ihe Bourbon Laundrt:6iamous io nne1 worK,ana id$dever goes bck on its reputation. If you are particularabout; now your linen is julaundered, your customis the 'kind we want as we lilse to jjappreciatee- r " Jf' " 4Laundry,Paris Kentucky. ;;'gog'g'.k'k..... il"KENTUbkY, TRACTION & TERM-INAL COMPANY.t Interurban Schedule. "-Leave Lexington .. Leave ParisFor Paris for Lexington6.00 a m I ' ''6:45 a m7:20 am ' 7:30 a m8:00 a m " 8:15 a m8:50 a m 9:00 a m10:20 am v 9:45 a m11:50 am - 11:15 a m1:26 p m ' 12:45 p m2:50 q. m 2:15 p. m3:30p m ., 3:45 p m4:20 p m , . 4:30 p m5:00 p m '' 5:15 p m6:00 p m 6:05 p m7:20 p m 6:50 p m9:10 pm 8:15 p m11:00 p'm 10:05 p mDaily except Sunday.WHEN YOU ARE NERVOUSyou have the first symptom of a run-downsystem, and nervous people too often conceal their aches and pains and suffer insilence, while; if neglected, this conditionoften foreruns more serious trouble.If those so afflicted would stop takingmedicine containing alcohol or drugswinch menace the foundations of health,and -just take the pure, strengtheningkourishmentiaScott'sEmulsion, it wouldcreate new blood to pulsate through theorgans, refresh their bodjes and build upthe whole nervous system. It is rich,sustaining nourishment, free from wines,alcohols or drugs. Shun substitutes.FIRST CLASS SERVICE ATFREEMAN'S BARBER SHOP.Having engaged the service of LouisLivers, an experienced barber, I amnow prepared to handle my trade andgive the most thorough satisfaction.XJive me" a call and be convinced.BUCK FREEMAN.The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188132 Years-oftinoiious Publication.Con-SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postofiice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance. tPublished Every Tuesday and FridayrADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion. $Reading Notices, 10 cents per line,each issue; reading notices in v blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue. cCards of thanks, calls on -candidates,obituaries and resolutions., andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.v Special rates for large advertise-;mnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or.,pthermatter offered for publicationSpace is a newspaper's stock vintrade and source of revenue.OVER FIVE MrLLrONSIN PREMIUMS COLLECTEDPremiums collected in Kentucky in1913 by foreign insurance companies'amounted to $5,204,064.31, and thelosses paijd were $3,016,655.04; asrecorded in the annual report of theState Insurance Department.AT THE PARIS GRAND.t "A Million Bid," the greatest picture ever made, in five acts, and"Goodness Gracious or Movies asThey Shouldn't Be," the funniestlaugh producer in filmdom, directfrom their record-breaking runs atthe Vitagraph Theatre in New YorkCity, will be shown at the ParisGrand on Wednesday, May 13.In addition to the above Miss Margaret Foster will be heard in the latest song hits. Gregg's Imperial Orchestra will ifurnish the music. Theshow runs exactly two hours and thecurtain will rise promptly at 8 p. m.Admission, lower floor, 25c; balcony, 20c; gallery, 10c Seats on saleat the Alamo box office. Better getthem in. advance if you want to seethe show.WHOOPING COUGH."About a year ago my threcjaoyshad whooping cough and I foundChamberlain's Cough Remedy theonly one that swould 'relieve theircoughing and whpoping spells. .1continued this; treatment and was surprised to find that it cured the diseasein a very short time," writes ', Mrs'Archie' Dalrymple',4 of Crooksville, O.For sale by all dealers.(May) (a3v) ,rWt&T ' 1CADILLAC FIRETRUCKMAKES23-MILE RUN IN 3T MINUTES'"Fire 'fighting is 'Vefng, rapidly revolutionized by the automobile or motordriven apparatus, and. with the sensational feats these veiticles are performing nearly every- day it seemslikely that the-borse will soon, beabandoned as a part of a fire department's equipment because of comparative inefficiency.. Fast runs b automobile apparatus also diminish, thepossible loss from fire and In timewill undoubtedly affect insurancerates.Amarillo, Texas, recently providea spectacular example of what can bedone in this line of public service. Afire truck built on a stock. Cadillacchassis, and carrying, with hosei ladders,1 chemicals and tools an ( overload of 1,200 pounds and with a; totalweight of 6,000 pounds, made a remarkable run to the; State Normalfire, covering a distance pi 23 and twotenths miles in 31- minutes. The lastnine miles were done in ten minutes'and tlie average speed was 46 onilesan hour. The run was made overcountry roads, over hills and through.canyons andaround twelvetshortturns.tSUPERIOR FURNITURE- POLISHGives ;iew polish to old furniture;produces a gloss or hand rubbed finish; dries hard; never sticks; fneverinjures. Call and get sample; everybottle fully guaranteed., CHAS. E. BUTLER & .CO.Opp. Court House, Paris, JKy,(1-tf)RESULTS THAT REMAINAre Appreciated By Paris People.Thousands who suffer from backache" and kidney complaint have triedone remedy after another, finding onlytemporary benefit. This is discouraging, but there is one kidney medicine that has earned a reputation forlasting results and there is ple'nty ofproof of its merits right here inr Paris.Here is', the testimony of one whbused Doan's Kidney Pills yearjs ago,and now makes her testimony evenstronger.Mrs. J. T. Martin, Pleasant andEleventh streets, Paris, Ky., says: "Isuffered quite severely from ! painsacross the small of my back, and inmy kidney. The trouble alarmed meand I tried many medicines. I $id notget relief, however, until I procuredDoan's Kidney Pills at Wilson's (nowButler &'Co's) drug store. They improved my condition in every way.All I have ever said praising Doan'sKidney Pills was entirely correct andI confirm my former endorsement ofthis remedy. They permanentlycured me ofkidney trouble."Price 50c at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, New York. .(adv) - fNews Oyerthe State WAuto Hit By Car.Nicholasville JbhniTHL. Welch, wellknown merchant, andR. M. Hunter, amerchant, had a, narrow escape frominstant death when the automobile inwhich-they were riding was struck layan interurban car. The machine wasdemolished,, but the occupantscaped with afew bruises and a severeshaking up. t ;tShelbyville Assessment.,Shelbyville The total assessmentof property uVthej,cit& ofi Shelby villeas rjepored to' the fBoard of Counc'il,'is $2,9,44,82(0 divided as follows: Townlots, $177,510; improvements, $l,0Ir6,865; bonds, mortgages., notes, efc,$885,900; personalty, $264,545. Tliisis an increase of about $275,000 overlast year's assessmeutt sail is $llfl,8,76more than the amount returned bythe Board of Supervisors for taxation.Of the whole amount, $'42,810 is listedby negroes. The Board of Supervisors, composed of W. H Tipton, JanfesStewart and Fielding: Ballard, willmeet next Thursday:- . :Orchard Demonstration. .Elizabethtown Prof. J. H. Car-4mody, af the State Experiment Station, at Lexington,, wilE visit this cityMay 12 and 13 for the purpose of giving instruction in horticulture. TheState some time ago presented t Hardincounty with about 75,00 apple treesfor an experiment orc&anJ, and Prof.Carmody will give instructions to theorchardmen, who' obtained the trees.Billy Sunday to SpeakWinchester The Rev. "William Ashley Sunday (Billy Sunday) has accepted the invitation of a committeerepresenting the "Winchester Commercial Club to deliver an address in Win-1Chester. He will speak at the Kentucky Wesleyan1' ColEege on June 2.War on HookwormShelbyville Dr. J. S. Locke, StateSanitary Inspector;, will return toShelbyville on May 18 to completethe campaign he inaugurated in thiscounty last winter against the bookworm and all preventable diseases.He has announced' the following,' appointments: Tuesdky, May 18, dispensary at Mt. Eflen.; Tuesday evening,!address at the Christian churclt inShelby vilDe;- Wednesday, dispensaryat'Simpsonville; Thursday, dispensaryat Chestnut Gr,ove; Thursday evening,address at Fihclrrille.Stockholders ApproveLexington At a meeting .if thestockholders, e the' Phoenix: HotelCompany the action of the board ofdirectors "wa& approved in tbte recentnegotiations by1 which J. Bj Haggin,the New York: millionaire, aoxl C. H.Berrymair, Ms business micoager inthis dity,' acquired a large black of the1hotel stbclfc Under the terras of tl'eagreement made by the directors, thecomfp'ahy! Will at once retifce the sec-,ona preterrea scock ana win issue alarge W&wi&r W common .stock to theHaggin-Berryman intereifts "sufficient,to liquidate the secojrd! preferred;!stock.' with an excess 'wMch will beused in the construction? of an extenrsive' addition to the hotjrflthe contr&afcfor which has already Seen let.uOOL SHOWS TENDENCYTO GO HIGHER THIS YEAR-Wool shows a disposition to workhigher, and a lively market is expected all summer, gays the Livc StockXorld. The 19H? world's cli is notsufficient to oprate 75 per cent, ofits 'loom capacity, and stiy higher-prices are expected next year. Prediction is conittdently mads that thedpmestic clip will have tffsappeared;six months hence, necessitating material increase in imports. Westerngrowers it$v realize tlnvt they parted,with their clips at less money thanwas necessary, and ' buying woo forless than 2d cents ia Montana is nowdifficult.4 A sociologist is a lad who draws abig salary for telling girls who earn$6 a week that automobiles and wineare unhealthy.BIG CONSIGNMENT OF FISHHEADED FOR KENTUCKYGovernment agents will ship intoLouisville this week a consignment of14,000,000 fish to be used throughoutthe State in restocking depletedstreams, in the work undertaken byFederal departments co-operatingwith the State Game and Fish Commission, of which Joseph G. Sachs, ofLouisville, is chairman. The consignment will probably arrive about May15, and will be sent to Frankfort,from where it will be distributed.According to Chairman Sachs, ofthe Fish and Game Commission, thecommission is planning to establish ahatchery of its own after experiments,soon to be made, are completed at theGovernment hatchery, near the StateFair grounds. J. Quincy Ward, ofParist executive agent for the commission, is now in Michigan, wherehe is attempting to buy large supplyof the eggs of the rainbow trout, avariety not now found in Kentucky,but which thrives in other States.These eggs will be hatched at theGovernment hatchery, near Louisville.Experiments in wild turkey hatching will also be made after a consignment of eggs of that bird reaches thecommision. Another plan of thecommission in the campaign of gameconservation is that by which a contract has been let for for 150 pairs ofHungarian partridges. The birdswill be distributed over the State forexperimental purposes.Chairman Sachs and other membersof the commission have just returnedto Louisville from Pineville, wherethey inspected the game preserve established last winter by the Statebody. Twenty hfead ot deer are nowkeot on the "preserve.iZ 1 SHEHMSHESes-. . . . . . , - -Opportunity, lriocfes B.ut Once. at.ys&ur'-"TOBAYNow i thctim; toWinter's CoalJS .' Cheaper now tttan any time durisxgth e yea r . A&ai t yourselves n o wv ,i.Dod)n DentonParis, Ky.Yards,, SouthIVfaini SL?5Qc!3Qrg3Q2giaE3BiiSk- V.FORSundaySpring Lamhand the BestHome4CUktt; Meatson the MarketBaldwin5 Bros.,Paris,- Kentucky1 Both Phones2 32INSURANCEAGAINSTf IRE, WINDand'LIGHTNINGW. 0. HINT0N,AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, seeme.7MallhofillOuicklr relieves Rheumatism. Sore 3tls-cles. Neuralcia. Backache. Headache andan Bains, lour numer DacK 11 it ians 10 i oJieva any acne in any -cart ol tne doolfifteen minutes tine.Jfrlce 60c, At All Druggists,Free simple aad elrral&r lent on requeUBOURBON REMEDY COMPANY.342 East Main St., Lexlnatoa, Ky. ,SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, Inflammation, orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withj women, which proves its superiority.women wno nave oeen cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The P&xton Toilet Co.. Boston, Man.; ; 1rIt is Knotkintnink o-yoixrmactBoth Phoias 140PILES! PILES! PiLESiWILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMETWill cure Blind, Bleeding aad Itching: PIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching at on -actsas a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and SiWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, 01L. Oberdorfer, Druggis, Paris, Ky.mCANCER GUREDI guarantee ev?y case ! uor.dertake; 20,yeara practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMlTHrParis, Ky..j Spruce UpNow is, the time to hav.eS your wearing apparel claan8 ed andi pat in' order: forI Spring,We. Do the WMrtc5 Right.S Comparison will afitoirdJ you. an opportunity to5 judge-.Give Us a TarSat.ELEGTRiBsDRY CLEACkhal Ai)plegteProDS.627 Main St., Faris, Ky,Gurtis&OverbyBusiness Meifs Barber Sha&(Next to Bourbon Bank)"3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPotite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pai:ronage Solicited.Professional CardsDr. Wm; Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office PhonesI E. T 136.Home 136.ResidenceE. T. 334.I Home 334.DR. A. U KELL.ER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentuckyJ J. WIIililAMS,m ATTORNEY-AT-LA.Waoom.l Elki fiuUdinsom1 CO.fKi-- A2-..i .THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, MAYll2, 1914'33V -Jj89- ,6'KiS)B VrBB-'Srfri ' 2fc jWiK-S JW !.." V VVC-5rtJ'W 7& VV ; .:55$5.5A.5Aiv. -t. - -t T. .. t r f j v f j 9 j 9 w jt jf jt jr. t, j, ,y. ,f. if. j. jT. J. it, J. j, ifcA AtfifcjfcMi J gt Ti iTi in iTi 1T1 iti ifi 1T1 1T1 iTi iThTi ifiI IrnnT'TTVr -v - 7.immMm i 11 1 SS-: 1 11 1 linn iB"JgfiB6k5most delightful resting place. The word Aerolux means air andlight, yetthey 'offer perfect seclusion They do not cost, any more than any otherShade and will lastlonger. Phone us your order and we will send a manto measure your porch and and will hang shadesRefrigerators!THE NEW ICEBERGis the kind to protect your families health.Buy one of our New Iceberg Refrigerators,The Big Ice SaversLet us show you one of them.j ,A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and Thirds I'?'May Announcement !L. & H. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913TrairLs A.r3?i-veNo. - FROM " :' ,34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily. v ". .:. 5:21am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily. .Jf.J 5:18am29 Cynthiana, JCy., Daily Except Sunda.y ,7: 35 am.7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Exceptr'S unday 7:38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:42 am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily 9:38 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10:20 am12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily : 10:24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3 : 15 pm138 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:33 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:30 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily ., 5: 33 pin39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday .- 5 : 50 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily r 6:23 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50pmTrains IDeioartNo. TO '34 Cincinnati, O., Daily. .-. ., 5:28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . . '...:... 5 : 35 am7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday :...""... 7:47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily .Except Sunday 7: 50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily "Except Sunday 7 : 50 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily. .-.. -,&.' simi :,"' 9:43am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily s. W .A.dft?.??;.? 9:45am33 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily ' 10:29 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily ...-. .? . . . . .-.v. w..,.w....f. .-. 10:27 amC Maysville, Ky., Daily 12:05 pm2C Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ".:...:.. l 12;04 am13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday - 3 : 33 pm38 Cincinnati; O., Daily -. 3:40pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .-...-.., ,. 5:56pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5: 58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily v 6:28 Rm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:25 pm30 Cynthiana. Ky Daily Except Sunday 6:40 pm31 'Lexington. Ky., Daily 10:55pm131 "Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:57pm-Trains -A.rrrve -FROMFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ; 7:40 anFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ;, 5:5PDTraj-rLS IDe-art "- - .TOFrankkf ort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 8 : 30 an.Frankfort? Ky., Baily Except Sunday , 6:25 pn;so.No.13When anything goes wrong the doctor can make a quick guess and call itn diagnosis. But the bookkeeper hasto hunt until he finds out the error.THINGS 'TO WORRY ASOUT.The heart, of a grasshopper beats200 time aoninute.Ice Boxeshad trouble in keepinglarge, try the New Iceberg. $9 to $35.ffoCarts and Sulkies 3Just received a largeshipment of Go-Cartsand Sulkies for the baby$2.50 up to $25CHAS. GREEN, Mgr.x ix 'i 'rp bt f 'ppp'J? 'i' m? 1? r 'i i f ii J yr-sWhen you offer to carry other people's burdens they begin to put on somany airs that they make the burdenheavier.QUR DAILY SPECIAL. -Some 'Men Can AlwaysRight Thing At .The WrongSay-The'Time.i5i!&!&S'4'1Aeroluxf Ca a m &O US fllVShadeOn a Hot, Sultryafternoon when the. wind and 'sun aredisagreeable theAerolux No WhipShade transformyour porch into theJf 5ew hagkind. It you havethe ice bill from being soOpp. Court Housei i i i if i y t y y y y y y y y x t & j 2TURFMEN ORGANIZESTATE ASSOCIATIONA number of breeders, owners, racetrack officials and trainers of CentralKentucky' held a meeting at the courthouse in Lexington last Thursday andtook initiatory steps to form an organization. George H. Whitney, one ofthe most prominent local horsemen,presided at the meeting and speecheswere made by Col. Milton Young, former chairman of the State RacingCommission, who was retired by Gov.McCreary; Catesby Woodford, president of the Kentucky Racing Association, and other well-known horsemen.. A permanent organization waslaunched with an Executive Committee composed of J. O. Keene, KeeneDaingerfield, Geo. H. Whitney, T. H.Talbot and Fred Forsythe. The committee decided to call another meeting in November, when the policy ofthe new organization will be moreclearly outlined, and some further action taken to improve breeding andracing conditions in Kentucky. Nopublic criticism uas made of Gov. McCreary or the State Racing Commission, as was anticipated.ASTONISHING LAW SUIT ISINSTITUTED IN PARIS COURT.An astonishing law suit has beenbegun by a dancing master againstthe Archbishop of Paris. Damafpsof 20,000 are asked of the eccleasticbecause he denounced the tango andfortiade his communicants dancing it.Thus the dancing master's businesswas injured, and it is said that theFrench lawyers declare the statutes"do not justify an ecclesiastic's public disapproval of matters, affectingthe livelihood of any class."The man that grags that he is Bossin his home is either a brute or aliar.PAW KNOWS EVERYTHINGWillie, Paw, was Solomon thesmartest man?J' Paw No, "my son. The smartestI man was the fellow who started theI theory that tobacco smoke was goodfor house plants.I'll! S faJ&H&w i? W ti!y25-still 19 1 ssNs:::g: '-i f, J jj 1 iII III ill ' "hi ' I" ' pjl RwSS2fiL j IrkTtr Greftt-GraBd-DtiJflflI All used May-Apple MPt9VIRoot to release, the WLf&i&m bile from the liver. WWjPmIt griped those days WXf cTm, but in the PODC3LAX j5sJFTHE NEGRO ASV A PATRIOTAND HIS PLACE JN HISTORYA war with Mexico would prove another opportunity for the negro todemonstrate to the world his patriotism to liis country, as he has in everyAmerican conflict from the time Crispus Atticks spilled the first blood inthe Revolutionary struggle until heproudly planted the Stars and Stripesupon the ramparts of San Juan Hill.Bancroft and other modern historiansrecord the negro's heroism while ancient and medieval historians chronicle his martial achievements on thebattlefields of gone-by ages whichstand out in bold relief before thedazzling light of the civilization of atwentieth century.INDIGESTION? CAN'TEAT? NO APPETITE?A treatment of Electric Bitters increases your appetite; stops indigestion; you can eat everything. A realspring tonic for liver, 'kidney andstomach troubles. Cleanses yourwhole system and you feel fine. Electric Bitters did more for Mr. T. D.Peeble's stomach than any medicinehe ever tried. Get a bottle today.50c. and $1.00 at your druggist's.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for Eczema.(May) (adv)State of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas county ssFrank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is the senior partner of the firm ofF. J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE .HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, 1886.(Seal) A. W. GLEASON,Notary PublicHall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75c. ,,Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. BIG CLAIM ALLOWED TO -WOODFORD COUNTY WOMANThe House has passed the claim ofHelen Dennis, administratrix iof theestate' of James Harvey Dennis, ofWoodford5 county, Ky., for $26,538.The claim has been pending- for yearsand had been favorably acted upon.It grows out of property damaged during the Civil War.KEN1UCKIANS PROTESTAGAINST PROHIBITIONSenator Bradley introduced in theSenate Friday a petitiorl signed by3,700 Kentuckians protesting againstnation-wide prohibition. It was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. SAYS JAPS ARE FAIRLYSWARMING IN HAVANAAccording to a Cuban gentleman,with many friends in New York andCincinnati, the Japanese are, apparently, doing some advance figuring onthe prospective war game that maysoon be played. "Japanese are becoming enterely too numerous aroundHavana," he writes a Cincinnatifriend, "and the authorities are beginning to doubt their well-worded excuse for visiting our island. Merchants looking for tea-store locations,others hunting for places to establish.curio stores, young men who 'want tobe valets and house servants, and aflock of jiu-jitsu wrestlers have flocked into the city. They seem to "doteon excursions to the Morro, Fort Cabanas, and the harbor defenses, andsome of them, from evident force ofold habit, start the military step whenour bands play or our troops marchpast. Some of them were caught onenight not long ago going over theplans of the harbor forts plans Verywell sketched and seemingly very interesting." CHARGED WITH ROBBERY;GETS A SPEEDY TRIALRobert Lewis, of Henryville, Nicholas county, was convicted of burglaryon an indictment in the Nicholas Circuit Court within an hour of the timethe indictment was returned by thegrand jury. He was charged withbreaking into the store of WilliamJones.The old-fashioned man who Didn'tKnow It Was Loaded now has adaughter who regards Platonic Loveas harmless.Women stop to admire the lingeriedisplay in the store windows. Menstop to admire them at the cornerswhere women get on street cars.'STATE BAPTISTS TO SEND300 TO SOUTHERN MEETINGKentucky Baptists will' "send 300delegates and visitors to the annualSouthern Baptist ' convention, whichbegins' 'at Nashville May 13.' EveryState in the -South is entitled to adelegate for each $250 contributed fonhome and foreign missions, and Kentucky1 will have a full representation.Kentucky was- asked . for ?32',000for home missions and $46,000 for foreign missions during the 'year endingApril 30. The books for the year indicate that $35,000 was-giveh for homemissions and $48,000 for foreignwork. The foreign missioti board,with headquarters at Richmond, Va.,reported that the 'failure of Georgiaand Texas to meet their assessmentscaused a 'deficit of $68,000. The Rev.Dr. W. D. .Powell, corresponding secretary of the Kentucky State Board ofBaptist Missions, informed the foreignboard that Kentucky would raise$8,000 of that sum if the other fifteenSouthern States raised $4,000 -each.He declared that $6,000of the amountnamed already has been raised by theKentucky Baptists.Among the delegates to this convention is Rev. 6! R. Mangum, pastorof the Paris Baptist Church .GREAT TOBACCO MEETING TOTO BE HELD IN LEXINGTON.Perhaps the greatest meeting of tobacco men ever held in the UnitedStates will .come off in Louisville andLexington, Ky., in June. The TobaccoAssociation of the United States willhold its annual meeting in these twocities, beginning in Louisville on the16th of June" and moving, on to Lexington about the 18th. It is estimatedthat five hundred tobacco men, together with transportation men, bankers and sellers of tobacco supplies,will attend these important meetingsat Louisville and Lexington.The Secretary of the Association, G.E. Webb, Winston-Salem,, N. C., together with numerous committees, areat work arranging details;for the convention. Special hotel ra'tes have already been secured. The meetingwill not on,ly be of great importancefrom a business standpoint, , but one ofgreat pleasure to all who may be sofortunate as .to attend. An elaborateprogram is now Jieing arranged whichwill be made known in afew days.The meeting will give an opportunityto the tobacco men of the South andEast to meet with the tobacco men ofthe West. It is greatly desired thatthere be a full attendance from allsections.All tobacco men. are eligible tomembership in the organization.Also all manufacturers and dealers intobacco supplies, tobacco machinery,etc., all bankers in tobacco townsand cities and all transportation men.One of the objects of the TobaccoAssociation of the United States isto compile statistics and gather information generally pertaining to thebusiness, both home and foreign, forpromulgation among its members.The main idea is to so safeguard thetobacco interests against adverse legislation, to use every means to pro-imote the interest of the trade as. awhole, to keep on a high plane of fairdealing, and promote a closer personal and business relations between itsmembers.L. & N. GIVEN. RIGHT TO' ESTABLISH CERTAIN' RATES.J'tTST' Permission was given the' L. & N.Railroad Company by nhe' InterstateCommence Commission Friday to establish rates- on cottonseed oil, cottonseed foots or tank bottoms, in carloads, to be defined in transit at Louisville, Cincinnati, tvorydale, and St.Bemard,-0.,'from points .of .origin inGeorgia t to; Eastern citie? without observing 'the .long and shor haul la4w.MAY DEMOCRATS'rAFTERCYNTHIANA tP,OSTMASTERSHJPHtA number of prominent Deindcratsare fbusy securing endorsements inthe "hope of securing th.e appointment jas , postmaster at uymniana. inepresent postmaster, L. M.liebus, hasstill more than, two years to .serveftt t i !More than lOO.'OOO pedestrians arid'20,000 vehicles pass over LondonBridge daily. t trt iThe first cremtory, in the Netherlands was recently completed near jAmsterdam.In thisi country the telephone industry employs 152,000 people.Have, you got nioneyLITTLE ONES and your WIFE- ' MijWfSBBkMSMaLr. tTCwmi. TV $' iKK-: JAM. Wt.3$a&&M9UGef 1 1 'M. . Z5?HBmmmta mcm' -"zmvi,if sirmiti Asmi vVBhH t fvvvVyv ypB-MakeX)UR'"banRYOIJRbank "rt We pay' 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.; . POP U LA FJ EXCU RS flN.. '. ,HIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKY.Sunday, May 1775RoundTripSCENERY RECREATION MUSIG v-Tickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving af I.5 amApply to nearest Ticket Ag;ent, Queen &. Crescent Roue, for farther inFormitiwu ' jH.. C KIN. Paccninfii anrl Tilr Anant i f101 . E. Main St. ,. , j to r1p IfSILJKE,C mmLet your Painter; make this test ,v ifTake two brushfulls of paint oneof ''High Standard" and one of theother brand and see for yourself howmuch farther 'High Standard' goes,"Then figure how much less paint itwould require to cover you buildiagwhen you use7CWinitHMMdariNUQUID:PAIJTCthe paint of proven performance. Yon.will see that even if it cost more -pergallon it will still cost less by thejotCFor the paint that grives best resultsalways look for the "Little Blue Flag"- onthe label. You. will get a job of painting:that will retain its freshness and beautyand give your building the best protectionfrom the destructiv e action of the elemdntaCome in and ask us for information' about painting, color cards and booklets. I.C. E. BUTLER & CO.,Paris3 Kythe Lamp, Oil thatreives eyesNothing is nWe'iniportMit Jnfhehome than nlear. stonrl v If rht Tnmrathis by fretting the oil that burnsclear and clean withmit . fliotprdown to the last drop Pennsylvaniaerode oil refined to perfection:Costs no more than the inferiortankwagon oils savesMONEY savesWORK aves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our .works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.RefineTy at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "XoCarb"Auto OiLr . ,ptaoNrMAN" .KNOWSITSwsDiryTO BANKMOyfiORfflSWfEANDCffIDRWX5TO-. 4 $in our bank toprotect- your tfromswanl? .- x v. at '.V'- ...tar1 1 it. ")IIi h. ti !'' .ti.iffvhO; u vI l f - IOr W ' '. !j Round t f ,Tripr 4 " j .- i ' TViit'a3I4-4i)Akmis'' niamm"'tH"l,. ffhtr-L. iTHE BOURBON IEWS,PARIS, KY., MAY 12 1914-wv v- - l .V ? -" " "...rtyr-::S,..II..I..I.4.4.4..i..l..I..I.4.j.4i4.4.4.44.4.44Mi.4i4.4.4i4.4.4'4"5444444PARSGRAND!Wednesday, May13One Performance OnlyBeginning Promptly at 8 o'clock-I'I4"I''I'4tI'4,'II'4'4,444'44,4t'l"I4,,ll4'444'4'44444444"A Million Bid"A Dramatic Masterpiece in Five Parts.The Greatest Motion PictureEver Made; and!"GoodnessGracious"Or "Movies As They Shouldn't Be."A Screaming Burlesque in Three Parts. The funniestPicture Ever Made, Featuring the Vitagraph Favorite,Clara Kimball Young. Direct from their RecordBreaking Run at the Vitagraph Theatre, New York City4HmIM..i..hGregg's Imperial. 10-Piece Orchestra4. i i . " 'NOTICE In order to insure to our patrons the greatest amount ofenjoj'inent and comfort in witnessing this par excellence of movingpicture and musical entertainments, we will sell reserved seats forsame, which may be secered at the box office of the Alamo.,-! ! I ! 4 '! 4 -I ! ! ! 'I' 4 ! ! ! ! 4 ! 4 ! !' ! I 4 'I 4 I ! ! ! ! ! ! 'I- ! I ! I ! l iLower Floor, Z5 Cents. Balcony, 20Cents. Gallery, 10 Cents.SECURE YOUR RESERVED SEATS .NOWCome Early if You Want a Seat4414444444444444444444444"THEATRICALSENATE KNOCKS O.UTFREE SEED PROVISIONColumbia Theatre t o-day.The return of Helen Redmond (2na.rts.1 Neil Forrester, clubman, marries Helen Redmond, a chorus girl,!against his clergyman brother s wisheA girl is born to the couple. Helentires of domestic life and after a quarrel with her husband returns to thestage and Bohemia, where she forgetsall in its whirl and gayety. Forresterdies and his brother assumes chargeof the child, bringing her up to believethat her mother is dead and is a goodwoman. She is now ten years old.One night after the show Helen g'ivesa supper to her friends in her flat, andone of the guests sends her regretson account of her young daughter'sillness. This awakens in Helenthoughts of her own daughter and sheretires to her own room brokenhearted and resolved to see her thenext day.She goes next day and finds thechild resembles her and humors herby saying that she knew her motherand that she was a good woman. Theminister returns, recognizes Helenand orders her from the house. Shefirst pleads for the child, then demands it, it is hers. The ministerchanges his tone and tells Helen thatit would be wrong to disillusion thechild, now that she thinks her deadand a good woman and a greaterwrong to bring her up among herkind. Helen sinks under these reproaches, but is presistent. While thegirl is being brought in Helen lapsesin a deep reverie. In this state shehas visions of bringing the girl home.The inherited taint manifests itselfand the girl grows up like her mother,with a weakness for paint, frills andsmiles of men, and later Helen'sfriend elopes with the girl. Whenthe minister returns with Marjorie,Helen's daughter, she tells him sherealizes what he says is true and thatit is better for her to continue to growup under his care. She renounces thestage, gives music lessons as a meansof livlihood and is soon reunited withher daughter in the enjoyment of ahappy future.Provision for free distribution ofseeds was stricken from the agricul-"tural appropriation bill by the SenateSaturday after a vigorous debate.Senator Kenyon said iie thought thefarmers of this country objected tothe sending of seed to them by congressmen os "a cheap attempt to curry favor." The action was denounced as false economy by Senator Warren. Advocates of seed provision 'expect the provision to be put back into the measure in conference, as hasbeen done many times in past years.At The Grand.Tomorrow night at the Paris Grandwill be presented two of the greatestmotion picture ever made, "A MillionBid," and "Goodness Gracious." "AMillion Bid" is a dramatic masterpiece in five parts, while "GoodnessGracious" is a screaming burlesquein three parts. The later is said tobe one of the funniest pictures evermade, and in it is featured the Vitagraph ravorite, Clara Kimball Young.In addition to the unusual progrmGregg's Imperial Ten Piece Orchestrawill be here for the occasion. Therewill be but one performance, beginning at 8 o'clock, and in order to insure the patrons comfort and enjoyment reserved esats are being sold,which can be secured at the box officeof the Alamo,(adv)McKERNAN FORCED TO RETIREAS BATTLE CREEK MANAGEREd McKernan, who for severalyears managed the Paris base ballclub in the Blue Grass League, andwho for the past two years, managedthe Battle Creek, South Michigan,League club, has been forced to giveup his position on account of illhealth, and is in a hospital in Cincinnati. McKernan undertook to manage the team this year, but after afew weeks it was found that he wasunequal t othe task. His friends herewish him a speedy recovery, but it isfeared his illness is bordering onacritidal stage and that he will neveragain be able to play ball.PORCH SHADESWe sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.(5-tf)LADIES' LEAGUE ENTERTAINSWITH A SPELLING BEEThe Catholic Young Ladies' Leaguegave an old-fashioned spelling be3Friday night at their hall on Highstreet. A large crowd was in attendance, notwithstanding the disagreeable -weather, and about fortv Der-sons of all ages participated in thecontest. The words were pronounced by Prof. B. M. Costello. who useda otNainal Test Speller. The youngladies who managed the entertainment wer Misses Mary and Bernadetta Brannon and Margaet Brophy.The prize, $2.50 in gold, was won byMiss Margaret Brophy. The proceeds were about $13.N. A. MOORE ASSUMES CHARGEOF GROCERY PURCHASED.NOTICE TO STOCKMEN.Mr. N.. A. Moore, who recently purchased from Mr. John Sauer his stockof groceries, yesterday morning assumed charge of the business whichwill be conducted at the same placeFRIENDS IN PARIS AREWATCHING JACK SCHENEBERG44'4444,444444444444"!4'4444444"54'4!(Announcement !I wish to announce to the people of Paris andBonrbon County that I have assumed charge ofThe Grocery pn Main Street whichI Recently Purchased FromMr. John Sauer.It will be my purpose to continue to serve thepatrons of this store with only high class Staple -andfancy Groceries, Propuce, Vegetables, Etc., at pricesas low as possible, quality considered.It is my purpose to continue the delivery of goodsto all parts of the city. Orders left with me will begiven careful attention and prompt deliveries will bemade of same.Thanking the public in general for a continuance of the liberal patronage which they have givenmy predecessor, I am,Very Respectfully,N. A. MOORE.0List your stock in M. J. Murphy'smonthly combination sales. Plenty ofbuyers always on hand. We can sellyour horses, mules, ponies, cows, cattle, hogs, sheep and poultry at goodprices. Next sale will be held on Monday, June 1, county court day.(21ap-tf)MATRIMONIAL.HAWKINS-YOUNGMrs. J. N. Hawkins announces theengagement of her daughter, Myrtle,to Mr. Tolliver Young, of North Middletown, Ky. The wedding will bea beautiful event of June. Miss Hawkins is beautiful and charming andthe only daughter. She has a beautiful cultivated voice. She is also anaccomplished pianist and for two seasons has been teaching music in theKentucky Classical College, in NorthMiddletown.Mr. Young is a son of Mr. WilliamYoung, of North Middletown. He isa young farmer and is personallyvery attrctive nd highly esteemed.I LABOR LEADERS AREFREED OF CONTEMPT.!WASHINGTON ,May 11. PresidentI Gompers, Vice President Mitchell andSecretarv Morrison, of the FfidpmHnn! of Labor, were freed of the contempt2 1 of court charge to-day by the SupremeCourt in the Buck Stove and Rangei case., IiiCOLLEGE HILL PLACE? V 'SUCCESSFUL OPPRAtiom oI -. -.ini iwil I yjI ' fi.The Bourbon College property 'isnow undergoing extensive improvements, preparatory to the. big .gale, oft. building lots that havee tieen plattedoff this beautiful property.. Seweraee.new street, waterworks, gas elgctHc:r ity and everything to make the prop-erty modern is being added. ,,jThe new addition has been namedr - "College Hill Place." It is one ofjth'ej, kigkest pointa in Paris and is mostdesirably located. -f" t..1a The sale of these lots will be" onr Thursday, May 21, at 2:30 o'clock.i If you contemplate building a homeor houses for rental purposes go andlook these lots over before the saleand pick out what you want as building lots this close in are scarce in&ct there are none on the market.A liome in this addition wJlfcaTwaysbe. worth the money spent on it andwill always sell at a profit,' if "youwaat to sell it.See description of property in-anothercolumn of this issue.Three sets of filaments controlledseparately by a single switch featurea Pennsylvania inventor's electriclamp with three degrees of brilliancy.PERFORMED BY LOCAL MAN.Dr. Milton Stern, throat and eyespecialist, of this city, assisted by DrW. G. Dailey, of Millersbrg, performed a very delicate operation on the sonof1 Mr. Desele Alexander, of PleasantValley, yesterday. The little fellowwas a great sufferer from throattrouble. The operation was verysuccessful and the patient is doingnicely.COMMISSIONERS OFRACING SWORN IN.The State Racing Commission metyesterday at the Seelbach Hotel, inLouisville, for the purpose of reorganizing for the next foun years Tim.new members, Gen. W. B. Haldeman,ol iouisvnie, ana Judge Allie Young,of Morehead, were sworn in, succeeding George J. Long, of Louisville, andCol. Milton Young, of Lexington.The other members present wereCharles F. Grainger, of Louisville;Johnson N. Camden, of Versailles, andThomas Hart Talbott, of Paris, whowere reappointed bv Gov. MnHrpnYvTOr. Talbott is steward of the presentphurchill Down meeting in Louisville.HOTPOINT WEEK, MAY 11-16You are cordially invited to visitour store during this exhibition andsale of household electric -appliances.Come today and see this interesting display of the latest in electricalhousehold helps.Let us show you how they workhow they do -your work how theywill lessen; the labors of housekeepingby half, and make it a pleasant taskalmost no task at alllAndd as a. special inducement foryou to take one of them home andpersonally prove its practical advantages, we offer' the newest arid mostefficient electric stove on the marketfor exactly half of its regular price.EL GLOSTOVO, the new reflectortype glowing electric stove, (regularly $5.00) AT $2.50.The coils glow red hot the instantthe current is turned on. and reach(full working heat in fifteen seconds!And you can use the ordinary kitch-) en utensils you now have whetherthey are of steel, tin, aluminum orgranitewear.The stove is beautifully designed,with a chafing dish pedestal, and ishandsomely finished in highly-polishednickel. ,Complete with eight feet of cordand attachment plugs, and guaranteed for five years.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., (Inc.)Friends of "Cyclone" Jack Scheneberg are watching his career with theColumbus A. A. club, and it is expected that he will have a good season.Scheneberg was formerly a memberof the Paris team, and the last season,, he played here he made a remarkble record. He has been with theColumbus club since the beginningofthe season, and has taken part insome close games. Every game heha lost has been by a close score,anij invariably the defeat wascaused by a blunder of his teammates.. He seems to be in his bestform and trom all accounts is delivering an article of ball which shouldwiji.rMISS CAROLYN BERRY' TO GO TO NEW FIELDSMiss Caroline W. Berry, of Hamilton College, Lexington, a sister ofMrs. F. P. Lowry, of this city, hasaccepted a position in the KentuckyCollge for Women, formerly CaldwellCillege, Danville, Ky.For nearly eighteen years MissBerry has been connected with Hamilton College as principal and instructor in mathematics and in that capacityhas had as much to do as any otherone person towrd setting and maintaining the standards of that institution. The deep affection and best wishesof a wide circle of friends will gowith Miss Berry into her new field,where the knowledge of her as a gentle woman of the highest, type, ateacher and principal of the loftiestideals and most have preceded her.SEED CORN.Carefully selected seed corn, testedfor germination. Good. Phones 84.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.(21-3 wks) Paris, Ky.LOTS IN TOWN.Why buy lots in the country whensuch beautiful lots as those in "College Hill Place" are in town? Readadvertisement in another column.EAGLES CARNIVAL WILL BEHELD IN TWO WEEKS.,A little less than two weeks willmark the opening of one grand weekof enjoyment for the people of thiscity and county. On Monday, May 25,the Littlejohn Carnival Co., under theauspices of the Paris Lodge of Eagles,will begin a weeks' engagement inthis city, and everything points to aweek of rare pleasure.The Littlejohn Carnival Company,which has on several occasions-playedengagements in this city, will comehere this year with the largest collection of attractions ia fias ever had andwith the cleanest and most up-to-dateshows that have ever been put beforethe public.. Mr. O. P. Carter, who is at the headof the committee of the Eagles' Lodge,Saturday received a telegram fromMr. Littlejohn, in which it was statedthat he had added to his already largeline of attractions, a motrodrome,which is one of the latest and mostimproved amusement devices.The place for holding the carnivalhas not been fully decided upon, butit will be held in the city lot or atthe ball park. The advertising committee will begin this week with acampaign to boost the carnival andthe county will be painted red withbrilliant advertising matter.,iwoimco.!Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.oLexington,KentuckyClear since of AllSpring SuitsFor Women IEvery woman who can use a new Suit this X. 'Spring should avail herself of the remarkably lowX priees that are offered in our Clearance Sale nowX going on.Our entire stock of lightweight Spring WoolenJ Suits are on sale at drastically lowered prices abouta third less than usual.The deptn of reductions is shown by the following low prices:All $17.60 and $20.00 SuitsReduced toAH $25.00 to $30.00 SuitsReduced toAH $35.00 to $45.00 SuitsReduced toAll $50.00 to $85.00 SuitsReduced toAlterations Free$12.75$19.75S25.00S32.50Wolf, Wile 5c Co.4 -W - . -4- - . BP .$Jfiormerlj Jfaufman, Straus (5c Co.sington, JrmmmmtmmmmnmmamiwmmmmmmmT" v JW v JLIUTt aJIIU tY llltftThe newest and smartest Pumbs in Patent,Dull Kid and Gun Metal, in Colonial andBulgarian styles, with the new Louis and SpoolHeels .Also Baby Doll Pumps in Patent and GunMetal. Come to us to be fitted.Geo. Mc Williams,L Phones 301 The Shoe Man Im mmmmam mmmmmmimmmmmmmRAILROADING IN AFRICA.A traveler recently returned from atrip on the Cape to Cairo railroad inAfrica, tells of his experiences, saysthe Wall ' Street Journal. Listeningto the stories one wonders why theemDloyes of the road are not moreactive in asking for increase in wages.Railroad men in the united Statesshould give thanks that they are notcompelled to face the same conditions.One for instance of dangers along theCape road related wasvthe following:"One nicht I was awakened by aterrific noise which seemed to shakethe car. I naturally rose and slippedinto some chothing and went to investigate. I met a trainman, after goingthrough several cars, and asked himthe cuse of the din. He smiled,shrugged his shoulders and replied:"Oh, that's nothing. We have acouple of carloads of cattte on thetrain, and that noise is made by lionstrying to get to them.'I looked out of the windows andsaw several dark forms runningabout the rear of the train. In a fewmoments I saw a number of menwith torches dash from the train inpursuit of the forms which to me looked as large as horses. ,They werelions, however, and when the m.en hadchased them away the crew was recalled. W had been taking pn waterin the meantime, and t"he train pulledout, I imagine somewhat to the reliefof the cattle."The oldest ocean going vessel inthe world, having been built in 1548,wa9 broken up recently at the CanaryIslands.What has become of the old-fashionedboyNvho believed that tie bada chance- to become President?The Cost of Living wasn't so highin the old days when a girl cultivatedher own voice with the assistance ofa ten-cent Moody and Sankey hymnbook.Strayed or Stolen !Black mare, right hind foot white,scar on left fore leg above knee.About 16 hands high. Weight 1,300pounds. Suitable reward for information leading to her recovery.HIRAM MARTIN,' (8-2t) Millersburg. K.V . f'fht'j,ff.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS' .KENTUCRY, MAY ,12,' 191441mHAS THE BESTOP ALL LINES MADE;FERTILIZERS.Talk with us before you buyTpbacco Fertilizer is made from aformula furnished by the LexingtonSOCIAL AND PERSONALMr. J. S. Wilson left Sunday for a-J business trip to Oklahoma.Mr. Harry Simon left today for aseveral days' business triD to Cincinnati.lv i r ircu -i. j.i- iA,,- ' """ y-" - -I'lUOllUIIB It. clL Lilt; lViilij-IV Ul. i C3 1 rt iiT Wfc "vV n TT-. i iV !oic iYiciiiuiiai nospitai sunering witnIU11SU1US.Experiment Station. It is the highest j ve an"d j t Massie' Memorialgrade made and requires fewer j Hospital. iViassie Memorialpounds. j -Mr. Thomas Nichols is confinedOur Corn Fertilizer has been tried at the Massie Memorial Hospital withand found to be correct. pneumonia.UliAS. S. BKHilvr mtu. Mr nPIlni-c co f aArwith Rev. and Mrs. O. B. Crockett,ANYTHING YOU WANT.Whatever age your boy is, whateverstyle, color, or pattern you want himto buy, whatever price you want topay, come here. Suits $4 up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.(12-4t)Both Phones 14.BOURBON COUNTY CONVICTPAROLED EY PRISON BOARDRaymond Johnson, colored, sentto the State Reformatory to serve asentence of from one to five years forbreaking into a storeroom, was paroled by the Prison Board Thursday.MILLINERY SALE.Millinery at greatly reduced pricesduring Simon's Economy Sale.OLD CONFEDERATES ARERAPIDLY DIMINISHINGOf the 4,487 aplications for Confederate pensions, 499 have died sincetlie pension law went into effect inJune, 1912, according to records inthe office of Commissioner W. J.Stone. Warrants aggregating $150,000, are being drawn for the May distribution of Confederate pensions,which will be made on the 15th.BEAUTIFUL BUILDING LOTS.Read the sale advertisement in another column of "College Hill Place"lots. Sale May 21, at 2:30 o'clock.in Nicholasville.Miss Rosa Dee Chandler, of Cynthiana, is here for a visit to Mr. andMrs. Taylor Chandler.Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Hawkins wereguests of their son, Mr. Walter Hawkins1, in Lexington, Sunday.Mrs. William Howard, of Richmond, is visiting Mrs. William Remington, on Eighth street.Mr. Davis Hutchcraft, of Chicago,is visiting his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J.Perry Hutchcraft, in East Paris.Mrs. R. C. Talbottt and Mrs.Wade Whitley have returned fromWashington City and Virginia.Miss Edith Wright has returnedfrom a week's visit to friends and relatives in Cincinnati and Dayton.Rev. J. L. Clark, president of theKentucky Wesleyan College at Winchester, was a visitor in Paris Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. Buckner Woodford,Jr., have returned from a trip to NewYork and other points of interest Unthe East.Mrs. C. O. Hinton and two littledaughters left Sunday afternoon fora visit with Mrs. James McClure, inBoston, Mass.Mrs. William Cooper has beenconfined to her home on Ingels avenue for several days suffering froma severe illness.Col. E. F. Clay is ill at his homenear Paris, on the Cynthiana pike,but his condition was somewhat im-J. Elmer Boardman and C. A. Walls proved yesterday.have purchased 100 acres of land lo- Miss Elizabeth Giltner, principalBOURBON COUNTY LANDSSOLD AT PRIVATE FIGUREcated near Loittle Rock, adjoining thelands of John Roseberry and Mrs.John Brennan, from the heirs of thelate W. F. Horton, at a private price.Miss .Susie Horton, of Paris, one ofthe heirs to the same estate, has purchased the undivided interest of theother heirs in about eighty-eightEXPLOSION OF NATURALGAS DAMAGES BUILDINGof the Music department of BourbonCollege, attended the May Festivalin Cincinnati last week.Miss Agnes Turner returned Sunday from Cincinnati, where she hasbeen under treatment for- the pastweek at Dr. Holmes' Hospital.Mr. and Mrs. Garrett Kenney, ofacres adjoining' the above tract, at a j Moreland, Kansas, are visiting theprivate figure. ; family of Mrs. Kenney s father, Mr.j Lloyd Ashurst, 'on Cypress street."COLLEGE HILL PLACE" ' 1 Mlss Elizabeth Renick, who is at-I tending school m Nashville, and whoThe most beautiful lots ever offered !ias been Quite ill with typhoid fever,in Paris are those in "College Hill out of danSer and proving rapPlace." Read ad. in another column. I y'' , ,, , , ,r , ,,; Mr. and Mrs. Frank M. Clay andMr. and Mrs. Lee Price motored, toDanville Sunday to visit their sons,Mr. Douglas Clay and Mr. John Price.Messrs. Gano Hildreth, L. J.Fretwell, Wm. Whaiey, Sr., and Jas.McDonald returned Sunday nightfrom Jacksonville, Fla., where theyattended the Confederate reunion.Mrs. W. H. Mueller has arrivedfrom Lexington to join her husband,who is manager of the Electric DryCleaning Co., and they have takenrooms at the home of Miss Flora Hill,on Twelfth street.Mr. and Mrs. F. P. Clay entertained with a delightfully informal littledance Saturday evening for theirdaughter, Miss Eleanor Clay, and hergueses, Misses Mildred McKee, ofWest Virginia; Lucille Morphew, ofArkansas; Beulah Piatt, of Chicago;Ruth Chinn and Vella Karrick, ofLexington, all of whom are studentsat Hamilton College.The explosion of natural gas in thehome of Mr. Ed Smart, on Fifteenthstreet, Friday evening, about sixo'clock, broke several windows in thebuilding. Mrs. Smart, who was in thekitchen when the explosion occurred,was slightly burned. The report ofthe explosion was heard by severalneighbors. It is said to have beencaused by a defective burner in theoven of a gas range.LACE CURTAIN SALE.Lace curtains at greatly reducedprices during Simon's May EconomySale1.MRS. PAYNE TALKS TO LADIESON -CHILDREN'S MISSION WORKMrs. Ellie K. Payne, of Indianapolis,gave a delightful talk Friday eveningin the parlors of the Christian churchupon the importance of the children'swork, that being her department ofthe missionary work. Mrs. Payne istraveling through Kentucky, visitingthe various district conventions of theC. W. B. M., which are being heldthis month, and is an earnest and interesting speaker, possesing a charming personality. Her talk was muchenjoyed.WOOL!FOR THREE DAYS ONLY.Thursday, Friday and Saturday, Sparkling Crystal TableTumblers, with two wide 1-2inch Gold Bands, a -set of sixfor 10 cents.At 5 cents a pound PureFresh Butter Scotch Kissesfor three days only, Rich fla-vor, an extra good confection,and an inducement for you totry them.Pure Aluminum Dippers,Enameled Handles, Specialfor three days only, each 10c.each, and each item the bestmoney can buy Carpet Beat-ters, Scrub Brushes, TackClaws, Tack Hammers, Draw-er Pulls, Flue Stops, ShelfBrackets, Fly Killers, Wire-Broilers, Gold Paint, 2-FootRules, Brass Curtain Rods,50 yards Lace Edge Shelf Pa-per, Legal Cap or FoolscapWriting Paper, 75 sheets in apackage, everything as adver-tised, nothing over 10 cents.Look at our line of Wall Pa-per, rich patterns. You nev-er saw such patterns quotedyou before at such low prices.THE FAIR.Notice to ContractorsBids for the erection of the Y. M. C.A. building, Paris, Ky., will be openedat 10 a. m T,.uesday, June 2. All bidsmust besealed and in the hands ofthe Building Committee by that date.Specifications may be obtained by addressing the Secretary at the Peoples'Bank, Paris, Ky.BUILDING COMMITTEE.(12-td)LOSTDust hood off automobile, betweenParis and Lexington. Finder notifySheriff Clark, of Mason county, andget reward. . (12-3t)FOR RENT. Cottage with four rooms, kitchen, 2porches, garden, waterworks, sewerconnection and electric lights. Centrally located. Telephone 34. (tf)WANTEDPublic Sale!OFOilON COLLEGIAnd Premises aqd SixteenBuilding Lots, at CollegeHill Place,Paris, KentuckyiiI will offer at public auction theBourbon College Building and premises, also sixteen building lots, onThursday, May 21, 1914,to the highest bidder; sale beginningat 2:30 p. m.The College Building and grounds,which includes about 1.58 acres, wellequipped for operation as a privateschool or college or an apartmenthouse, having all modern conveniences, including hot water heatingplant in good condition.The sixteen building lots will fronton Pine-Crest Avenue, which will runfrom Cypress Street to the extensionof Walker Avenue in front of theCollege Building. This Addition willbe one of the most desirable everoffered in Paris for home buildingsites. The lots are located on College Hill, the highest point in thecity, and have natural drainage, areconvenient to the business part of theCity, Railroad Station, Car Line,Churches and Schools. The groundshave fine shade trees, which requirea long while to produce. SanitarySewers have been installed, and water connections made; natural gas andelectric light on the ground.Never before in the history of thecity has such an -opportunity beenoffered the home builders to obtainlots having such advantages. Platsof the property, showing size of lotsand location of streets, can be seen atmy office or the office of Harris &Speakes.The public is cordially invited to inspect the property, including theCollege Building, which will be shownthem by Mrs. Thomson, President ofthe College.The lots will be sold only to whitepersons and to persons who desireto build residences of not less than$2,000 in value. The small cottagethat is on the premises will also besold on condition that same will beremoved from premises within thirtydays from date of sale.Terms of sale will be one-third cashand the balance in two equal payments of one and two years from date.evidenced by promissory notes bear-jing interest at 6 per cent, per annum tfrom date of sale until paid, and se-'cured by lien on premises, withNprivilege of paying all cash.jL(ir xvjin .xviNor-vrwijiiirv.Harris & Speakes and M. F. Kenney, aAuctioneers.OWING TO OUR LARGE SPRING BUSINESSWE WERE FORCED TO DUPLICATEOUR ORDERS ONSilks, Challis andWash GoodsHowever, you will find patterns and styes that aredifferent; values that you will will sayare unsurpassedOur DressTrimming and Lace $tockCannot be equaled in this part of the StateWhen it comes to LACE CURTAINS, DRAPERIES,and RUGS we are right there we have the goods.W. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.The work done by";our RepairDepartment is Good, very Good.Is your watch keeping satisfactory" time? If not, bfitrg it in, we1 can remedy" the trouble.;We repair Watches, Clocks,; cAll Kinds ofJewelry, Spectacles,, Etc. ...cy4.ll work guaranteed.. .. t?no .iC. O, HINTON)(Small second hand caqh register.Apply at News Office. Phones 124.(12-tf)Duroc Jersey Boars)WAIT.Wat foir the sale of lots in "College Hill Place," May 21, at '2:30o'clock.LOCAL OFF1CALS BEGINA WAR ON VAGRANTS.Nice lot young boars. Eligible toregistry. Come and get first choice.SIDNEY G. CLAY,E. T. Phone 726, Paris, Ky.(12-3t) 'forBothWe pay highest market pricewool. Get vour sacks from us.phones 14.(5-6t) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.GOLDEN KING IS SOLDTO ASHLEY FOR $10,000J. Gano Johnson, of Mt. Sterling,sold Saturday toM. Ashley, Glen Falls,N. Y., the famous saddle stallion,Golden" King, for $10,000. GoldenKing is ten years old and is noted asa show horse and stallion. Mr. Ashlev has been buying many maresinKentucky for the purpose of raisinghorses at his Adirondack Farm forthe New York market, and he purchased Golden King for service in thestud. The horse will be shipped toMr- Ashley's farm this week.SEED CORNLocal officials have begun an activewar on vagrants, which will be wagedvigorously. Squire Ernest Martin,acting County Judge during the absence of County Judge C. A. McMillan,wVin i in Atlanta attending the meeting of the Shriners, has taken up anactive campaign against vagrants anawill force the arrest of any personwho hs not a visible means of support. In addition to tins tne cityofficials have been actively engagedin an effort to rid the community ofthese undesirable citizens. A numberof arrests have been made and thealleged violators of the law given jailsentences.J. S. Wallingfunl, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,Phones 31 PARIS, KY.We are selling seed corn that willgrow. Almost perfect germination.Both .phones 14.CHAS. S. BRENT fe'BRO.(5 may-3wks)TWENTY-EIGHT PUPILS ,,TAKE SCHOOL EXAMINATIONREDUCED PRICES ON SUITS.$25 Suits during Sirhon's May Economy Sale at ?14.75.DRES UP TIME IS HERE.We direct your attention to our lineof Blue Serge Suits at $20.J. W. DAVIS & CO.ANNOUNCEMENT.FOR RENT.Two rooms on third fioor of Agricultural Bank Building. Heat andwater furnished.(17-tf)FOR SALE.A lot about 65 feet front, runningback over 100 feet, situated on Highstreet, near Fifteenth street. Applyto(13-tf) MRS. CANDACE SMITHFOR SALEThe examination for pupils desiringcommon school diplomas, was commenced Friday and continued Saturday before Miss Mabel Robbins, county 'school superintendent, by Prof. E.M. Costello. There were twentyeight applicants seventeen whiteand eleven' colored as follows:William Ginn, Reynolds Bell, Misses Virginia Jacoby, Jennie Link, Rubv Frakes, Katherine Brooks, SudieMontgomery, Nannie B Wagoner,Elizabeth Hudnell, Elizabeth Ingels,Aurel Campbell, Delcie Wagoner,Christine Keller, Margaret Medlin,Jennie Rankin, Ethel Jones and MaryWinn. Thomas.Colored Kelly Gardner, RobertMadden, James Mack, William Mitch-ell, Christopder Vaughn, GladysHayes, Dennie Piper, Ada- Hughes,Nancy Evans and Louise Patterson.Simon's May Economy Sale willcontinue until Saturday, May 23.SPECIALS FOR SHINERS PASSESTHROUGH PARIS SUNDAY NIGHT.A special train composed of sevensleepers passed through Paris Sundaynight, enroute for Atlanta, Ga., wherethe National meeting of Shriners is being held. The sleepers were all occupied and a number from this city,members of Oleika Temple, took passage from this point.SIMON'S ECONOMY SALE.Attend Simon's May Economy Salewhich continues until Saturday, May23.CONFEDERATE DAUGHTERS TOHOLD MEETING FRIDAY.The Daughters of the Confederacywill meet at tlieir rooms in the courthouse at 2:30 p. m. Friday, 4nnsteadof regular day, Saturday. TheDaughters entertain the HamiltonGuards. ' .All of the household furniture atBourbon College will be sold on June3. Velvet and moquet carpets, rugsand mattings, in excellent condition,are for sale. Excellent practice pianos sold 6ither privately or on dayof sale. Apply toMRS. M.-G. THOMSON(1-8-15)R. J. NEELYWAREHOUSEStables and Coal Yard 'For Rent!For over 30 years this has been asuccessful business stand in the FarmImplement, Seeds and Coal Business.Possession on or about July 1.. W. W. MITCHELL, Agt.THE J. T. HIINTON CO.The Best.4i;uv iwiaij4jiaareAlwaysthe .Cheapeste.'jmwwiiUBumMwww auiwwiusrtiLA s;rr-iry--r-cKTiii5'Jfc ?vpT)orit JBndanei'YourHealthWith aCheapRefrigeratorTHE ODORLESSREPRIGERATORJust Received Now on Displayw i u .. You have heard of this great Refrigerator.' We want you to see them andknow what they are. .YOUR SATISFACTION IS GUARANTEED.AHJOdorless'Refrigerators are cased with the most carefully selected andthoroughly KILN DRIED OAK. not ash stained to imitate oak, but genuine oakitself, the material used in all high.grade Refrigerators .and imitatid in all others!The Odorless is alsa lined with LINOFELT and it is NAILED' m place, and hasto stay where it is put. The Odorless is made in both the White Enamel' andthe Porcelain genuine lined. , Will you let us show you these greatRefrigerators?If you want a cheaper Refrigerator we have it. Come to-4ay.,THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance Wood Mantels'-.-"AI:XIL-V-.iVbm."DUltU-i,?j'u:UTHE BOURBON NEWS PAtflS; KY., MAt 12; 1941- fV., - - -VFREE ONEONE 25-CT. SANICLOTH WITHGENIC POLISH MOP.. . ''V.SE.LF ADJUSTING .' ,i 1 : UANIM r 'iXSEE THAT W " "' ' S&sMlwWwMm"itA. CRaCKE!tJACK?,Makes it easy to clean and polish your fjoorswoodwork and furniture. Reaches the hard-toget-at places.C. A. DAUGHERTYWoodland Stock FarmHeadquarters For Draft Horses. Buster B.Dark Bay '"Horse, Weight a,700.Sired by Imported Glitter 58803.Dam by Imported Queen 41490.$10.00 TO -INSURE.)n-BUSTERfB. is a coming four-year-old a&d a ypung stallionof masked 1size and condition. He isthe kindthatjwill appeal to your fancyami, you"will make no mistakein breeding to"Xhe AboveHorses Will Make the Season of 1914 at Woodland Stock Farm.Ajwmt 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana ; pike. Money . due whencolt? Is foaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent,lien, retained on, all colts until .season money is paid. Care takea to preventacc&Jents, but f no responsibility assumed should any occur.t STERLING HINKSON," Lair, Kentucky.Fine Spring ClothesFor Men andBoys.IVtit 'Best Hats at Lowesti vv PricesiTiWIN BROS., CLOTHING DERT.i L Wollstein, Proprietor."- IjVVe will have ina2 - -T A) .P" tfj'r' . "S! . -J4 m' im v Sf7yx l 1 v WJFaaPgA vtiSFySrf MM I Imi 1 1 4lii It v3-& III' wf mV ikWjTmlfU 5uifc: it 1 I ' V' ilia r " L--firtCSWr-VRIWSoobw6 A0rW -K - j frjjnrziP roPjidTiliMA Toi55" rJfrrTrTrf . , . -W.-i. -i ..a ..: ? S4is nirmss&iiitou.jfZ-i . i-- u ivi w-wi rj itw m rrr-r, iaii ni i&rM r if .ar & t -M y Szk&' WmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammtmmmammmmmiPope, Flying Marshall, and Dayton.u2Q.rruVfrtv,The Joseph CandiotoWEEK ONLY!- GENICEACHDUSTERSANI-v ;ov .wvuv.f&iSbCIviri,r 0 'oan&ZIV. l .J f'nai?'"?Bur ley'Black Percheron; Weight 1760.$10.00 TO INSURE.f BURLEY is a splendid specimen ofthe dratt horse and his get haveproved to be of the very best. Thereis a steadily growing demand for theclass of horses produced by Burley,both upon the farm and .in the cities.They can stand ntprei work 'thari theaverage horse. He is 8 years old, abeautiful black, well formed, and ofthe -class5 Ahat catch.es- the, eye", n se-' ;lectmg a horse to breed to pick onewhose, produce cpmmands the, bestprice. !' v ' ' v "EXCELSIOR' -'-J"!?'Paris a? Full"StockalliM'6dels..WeSell ;iCHAMBERLAIN'S-LINIMENT.This preparation, is intended especially for rheumatism, lame back,sprains and like ailments. It is a favorite with people who are well acquainted with its splendid Equalities.Mrs. Charles Tanner, Wabash, Ind.,says of it: "I have found Chamberlain's Liniment the best thing forlame back and sprains that I haveever used. It works like a charm andrelieves pain and soreness. It hasbeen used by others of my family aswell as myself for upwards of twentyyears." 25 and 50 cent bottles. Forsale by all dealers. ' 'fMay) (adv)Mother can pose around the housein a see-more petticoat all day andFather won't know she is alive. Butif isome. other woman wears a silhquet,on the street Father will wallr'allover seven people while he is tryingto get an eyeful.As far as I am concerned thereisn't anything to prevent a man whodips around like a mokey at a tangoparty from carrying a powder puff anddolling up between "dawnces."A NEAT BARBER SHOP.Mr. Carl Crawford has opened up anew and cozy barber shop at the corner of Fourth and Main streets. Newfurniture, sterilizers, hot water heaters, etc. Mr. Crawford and anothercapable barber are in charge and areready to take care of the wnts of theparticular men. Mr. Crawford invitesall his old customers and the generalpublic to visit him in his new place.(24-tf)KEEP THE BOWELMOVEMENTREGULARDr. King's New Life Pills keep thestomach, liver and kidneys in ahealthy condition. Rid the body ofpoisons and waste. Improve yourcomplexion by flushing the liver andkidneys. "I got more relief from onebox of Dr. King's New Life Pills thanany medicine I ever tried," says O. E.Hatfield, of Chicago, 111. 25c, atyojur druggist's.(May) (adv)Sphere are too many men in theworld who believe that their ownwives' and daughters are pure, butthat all other women will bear watch-in&FOR A TORPID LIVER.JI, have used Chamberlain's Tabletsoff" and on for the past six yearswhenever my liver shows signs of being in a" disordered condition. Theyhave- always acted quickly and givenme tlie desired relief," writes Mrs.Ft 'H. Trubus, Springville, N. Y. Forsale by all dealers.CMay) (adv)Every time you see a skinny ladsit down in a street car and hoist hispants to his knees so you can see hispassionate silk sox, we quit laughingat what the women are wearing.SICK HEADACHE.Mrs. A. L. Luckie, East Rochester,N. Y., was a victim of sick headacheand despondency, caused by a badlyweakened and debilitated condition ofher stomach, when she began takingChamberlain's Tablets. She says: "Ifound them plasant to 'take, also mildand effective. ,In a few weeks' time Iwas restored to my former goodhealth." For sale by all dealers.(May) (adv)The reason some folks do not gettheir prayers answered is becausethey ask for more than the Lord hasin stock.UM 1JI LfJkhUVllJI lk.1 IT-J 1 -1 1 "MJOne application soothes and heals a roughpimplyskin,and.whenrepeated,quicklyeffectsa cure. Eczema, LryMpelas. letter, Ulcers amall skin, diseases leld to its curative properties.Sue a box. At all Druggists.Send for free aiitile anil liook, Health and BeautyJOHNSTON. HOLLO WAY & CO..I Spring Garden it., Phila., Pa.HVtf vale oil'hi:m 1730LB Jih ' i if jSBSSISISSISSSSSSMiS!ipKnS -Uneeda BiscuitA crisp, clean, nutritious food. Foreverybody everywhere. Fresh in themoisture-proof package, 5 cents. .ZuZuThe funny little nameof the famous littleginger snap that putsfresh "snap" and"ginger" into jadedappetites. 5 cents.Graham CrackersThe natural sweetness and nutrimentof the wheat are retained, giving thema delightful flavor,zo cents.Bay biscuit baked byNATIONALBISCUITCOMPANYilways look for that nameJ1CHILD CROSS? FEVERISH? SICK?A cross, peevish, listless child, withcoated tongue, pale, doesn't sleep,eats sometimes very little, then againravenously; stomach sour; breathfetid; fetid; pains in stomach, withdiarrhea; grinds teeth while asleep,and starts up with terror all suggesta Worm Killer something that expelsworms, and almost every child hasthem. Kickapoo Worm Killer isneeded. Get a box today. Start atonce. You won't have to coax, asKickapoo Worm Killer is a candy confection. Expels the worms, the causeof your child's troubles. 25c. at yourdruggist's.(May) , (adv)Jf the Mexicans and the Japs onlyknew how many times a night theyare whipped to a franzle in our SnakeDeveloper Dispensaries, they wouldcrawl in a hole and stay there.COUGHED FOR THREE YEARS"I am a lover of your Godsend to humanity and science. Your medicine,Dr. King's New Discovery, cured mycough of three years' standing," saysJennie Flemming, of New Dover, O.,Have you an annoying cough? Is itstubborn and won't yield to treatment? Get a 50c. bottle of Dr. King'sNew Discovery today. What it didfor Jennie Flemming it Avill do for youno matter how stubborn or chronica) cough may be. It stops a cough andstops throat and lung trouble Reliefor money back. -., 50c and $l.Q(Lat,your druggist's.Buc'klen'sTArnicS. gaTveforPfrnples.j (May) SlJvTVU .AJ?(a!clv)You can't keep a Reformer down.You can giyQ,.hini1,a 99-1 b,eating atthe ,.poilsr,,blac,kenj hs ,eyeunland k.ickfiis dome in. -But .when he recoversConsciousness ) jjej jwU , ge;j: up! t and , ahT)$i,ctqry.fib no-'il'jj rf q - ,'w bit.-'ii ( rTTfQ .JiX TAKING NO. CHANCES.( Gabe What does the weather mantaeaWJwhen,he-aspredicts-changeagbl&I weather?- . ? xi 3 . r v.a r a .. v . muas-.I i ii r'o I) U l .s f.'J i 53 :Sicknessm ,v . Commissionor atSlflr of Omission? Or l?otU?,We'ttansgress-'Nalure's la-vvfl, ttfeKLiv'erstrikes, then we opiit or neglect untilwe ache or sicken. ? ,LlDosenfthedarfimed-iip bile. Keep'it.I looseuwith $he,.or& time-tried May AppierJ Root. (Podophyllm.) PodODhvlhn withthe gripe taken out is calledm SteveVThat: t means? that ne11 ijt r u 1. .. t.made upJiisfinindjoiplay safe. VjTT7TLUKE McLUKE(Cincinnati Enquirer.)There are all sorts of people in theworld, including the man who is sorebecause the train isn't wrecked whenhe takes out an accident policy beforemaking a trip.The old-fashioned wife who used todarn her husband's socks now has adaughter who darns her husbandwhen he wants his socks mended.The trouble about the fast youngman is that he is never going in theright direction. "It isn't the way you look at othergirls that makes your wife mad; it'sthe way you don't look at her.You can always flatter a marriedwoman by telling her that she doesn'tlook it.Railway men in Germany may onlybelong to such societies as are approved by the management.Friend Wife is usually a pretty goodold scout. How many men would stayat home until they had to move thefurniture in each room once a weekto keep from getting the Jerries?Every time butter goes up one centper pound Father has to come up tothe Dutchman's place at the Cornerand spend $2 indignating about theRobber Syndicates and the PorchClimbing Trusts.A man doesn't have to be a cowardto be afraid of his wife. The manwho isn't afraid of his wife when hehas done something he shouldn'thaven't done hasn't much of a wife.Some day when we get so that wewill tell the truth about things therewill be a lot of tombstones inscribed: "He Never Blamed theBooze."When we do not like a man we goaround and say so to every strangerwe meet. But, somehow or other, wenever think of telling the man himself.. After a girl has been engaged fourtimes and failed to make the hookstay put, she always looks as tlioughshe was dodging the Dog Catcher.The old-fashioned man who used tobuv eold bricks now has a son whowants to see the blue prints before hewill invest a dime in United Statesbonds.You can always bet that the ladwho whines that he is being keptdown is always the last one-up.The world is growing better. Thestock of Male Sopranos isn't nearlyas large as it used to be.First Popular Price Exenrsiun of the SeasonTo Cincinnati and ReturnFor the Round TripSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a. m.returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m. Forfurther information call onLow round trip Summer ouristtickets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct. 31, with very liberalstop-over privileges. For further information call on or addressJ. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.TheandSAYS, jSunday, May 0, l9Rj$1 .50 iThe telephone goes hand in hand with good ;roads.The telephone overcomes many of- the obstacles of bad roads and makes it possible for thefarmerand other rural residents to transact ,busi-:ess in 'the' city arid with neighbors when the1roarpasslg f : 'Progressive" farmers arei insisting upon: QSodroads and telephones. These two agencies ofmodern civilization are doing more than all others -.toward, eliminating the isolation of country life. -Youcan have. at telephone in your home at verysmall cost. Send a postal for our free booklet .giving complete "information. ., .;:PARMERS' LINR DEPARTMENTCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyThe Man, WhoPulls Teeth WithHis Fingers.-,Mr. A. D. Brown, the man who usedto pull teeth with his fingers onstock sales days at Paris. Kv.. andwhose work was the talk of the wholecounty. 1Last fall this same Mr. Brown "came to Paris on Court Day and advertised a medicine known asBrown's Snake Oil Liniment, and leftit for sale with Chas. E. Butler & Codruggists of Paris, Ky. Since thenMr. Butler has sold hundreds of bottles of this wonderful medicine, andmakes the broad statement that ithas produced more cures than anymedicine that was ever sold throughhis drug store.L,ast court Day Mr. Brown introduced on the streets, through Mr.Butler's drug store, a medicine knowaas Brown's Native Herbs in LiquidForm, and a great many bottles weresold under a positive guarantee thatit would cure all forms 'of StomachTrouble, Constipation, Catarrh, Indi-..gestion, Dyspepsia, Water Brash,Rheumatism, Kidney and BladderChills and Fever, Diseases commonto Women.Its introduction into every community has been followed by some ofthe most remarkable cures. Brown'sNative Herbs in Liquid Form, isguaranteed to cure Constipation. Indigestion, and to set the stomachright. It matters not of how long,standing the disease may be. It atthe same time tones up s the entirenervous system, gives strength andvigor to .those who are weak, sick andnervous. To prove all this we askyou to go and have a talk with Mr.Butler at his store, buy a bottle of theNative Herbs, and if it is not just aswe recommend and advertise it, youcan go back to Mr. Butler and he willgive you your dollar just as cheerfully as he takes it. Brown's NativeHerbs in Liquid Form and Brown'sSnake Oil Liniment, remember, aresold under a positive guarantee. Tryit today.Dr. FranciscoCisco, leaves hisfor life.Delmont, San Franpet dog $25 a monthThe Oklahoma State Free Employment Bureau in six years has foundwork for 53,000 persons.COUNTY COURT DAYS.Below is a list of the days CountyCourts are held each month in coun-ties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawreceourg, 3d Monday. "Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, lst Monday. "Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday. VBreathitt, Jackson, 4th Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Henry, Newcastle, 1st Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d Monday.Lee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, nd Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st MondayMason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday.Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Monrday.Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday.Oldham, Lagrange, 4th. Monday. .Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Pehdleton, Falmot,tn, 1st Monday. Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday. -ZPulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wayne, Montecello, 4th Monday.Woodford, Versailles. 4th Monday.TelephoneGood Roads-Ik iit151-153-155 North Broadway,Lexington, Ky.rurrlies of all kinds.:. -5 -:- :' . assascfctic MKHec4HH&c dtteeftr ,&&&- fc-fINCORPORATED.For Sale by All Druggists.5C-.1HE BOURBON NEWS, PAR1& KENTUCKY, MAY 12 191491'BORLAND'SThe Home of Good Wall PaperiWALL PAPER TALK No. 5.There's a wealth of character and individuality aboutBorland's wall papers that make them highly appreciatedthey are so different from the ordinary kind.Yesterday in wall papers has passed. To arouse thebuying appetite of the progressive home owner of to-dayrequires a line abreast of the times.You will be surprised and delighted to see the wonderfully beautiful designs and colorings in the new styles,the intermixture of the most attractive goods from America's fifteen most prominent factories.If 'convenient for you to call, we will take positivedelight in showing you through the line. 'Look us up: ,514 Main St., Next to Pwlrs. Mamie Parker.TELEPHONE(159IVffVWWf W WwWww W tWI8 Pans Odorkss Cleaning Co. 1Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we' send your' clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedjto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c'J-0, ''09x9 $ 5QftRlflfC: VSpecialMay Sale.50 Ladies' Stylish andHandsomeSpringSuits$9.95!ForsiTHE TROUSSEAUTop Coats, Motor Wraps,and Bathing Suits for Lifein the OpenCOLORED BLOUSESAND PARASOLSNEW YORK, May 11. Preparationsfor that great event, the June wedding, are now in progress. -The brde-to-be is busily superintending the making or the various gowns of her trousdress, I suggest the model I have useddress, I suggest the modell have usedfor my first illustration, which expresses both dignity and grace, qualities which should be inherent in thisgown of gowns.. White taffeta is thematerial used, with handsome silk-runlace for the vestee and rolling collar.The xound-length skirt has a charmingly modest and graceful bustledrapery, especially becoming to theyouthful bride. Moire, charmense,All Sizes and Colors,KINDLY CALL ATTwin Bros. Depanmeni Siore.Seventh ami Main Sts., Paris, Ky.IcwBarberSlioj)Corner . FounJi and MainModern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORD,fE&fWnmvf B0URI0N POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops in thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on 'Diseases of Fowls' sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, IjFor Sale by W. T. BrooksSURE."Variety is the spice of life,,r quoted the Sage."But most men continue to stick tocloves," added the fool.If we were all as good .as we wantCONGRESSODR TO I7 "tfHE NATIONAL; FOREST..Nearly 17,UUU acres have just beenadded by act of Congress to the Caribou National Forest, Idaho. This' is6ne of the first of such additionsthrough Congressional legislation. vThose who have followed the National forest movement in this country will recall that most of the forestshave been created through Presidential proclamation, which set aside, fortimber growing or for water protection, certain areas for public domain.In March, 1907, however, Congresspassed a law that no further additions should be made to the Nationalforest areas in the States of Colorado,Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Washingtonand Wyoming, except through Congressional action.Since July, 1909, residents of thecity of Montpelier, Idaho, have beenpetitioning to have- this 17,000 acresadded to the Caribou National Forest,because the area includes the watershed of the stream which furnishesthe city's water supply. Not beingwithin a National forest, the tractwas given over to unregulated grazing and other usages which resultedin stream pollution and became a serious menace to health. The citizens'of Montpelier, at several times subsequent to their first efforts in 1909,renewed their petition; and the actjust passed represents the successfuloutcome of their efforts.Mother is always telling Daughterthat she opes ' Daughter will marrybetter than her mother did. And thenMother wonders why Father goes outand slams the door behind him.WE'D RATHER RENT JULY 4TH.MM ' m Min W-11' ilF ' WI I r MpUTm. 1 1 wMmMlull JifiraBMU- 39lf! I-2t --i-V McCali;lineVatid 'armmenTlysmartJtfor thewen put-up woman who plans for aday's outing of -any sort "For the . dressy s summer, afternoonfrock, soft white crepes, with, gorgeous colored figured borders, are distinctive, as are also the same .crepeswith the daintiest sort of colorings.The blouses for the summer are indeed things of beauty so dainty andcool. The organdies are- perfect inall the smart shades pf, yellow, blue,pink, green and rose. Most of themare trimmed with white collar -andcuffs, and often bows of .darker ribbonat neck and sleeves. One very smartblouse is of yellow organdy with halfinch stripes of French blue, outlinedwith, a hairline of black. The trimming consists of a white collar andcuffs, .and. a bow of two-incli blackmoire taffeta ribbon at the point ofthe V-shaped neck.Among the more desirable dressyblouses, one sees lovely white chiffonstamped with exquisitely-coloredflowers. These are trimmed at neckand sleeves with dainty .shadow-laceruffles; and haying just a line of blackthrough the lace gives a smart touch.'Beneath these waists of sheerestmaterials are worn the daintiest ofdainty corset-covers. Some are shad-o'w-laceand some are dainty, white batiste run with delicate blue or pinkTibbons, While others have vinsomeDolly Varden designs on a ground ofwhite. All, 'however, should, beglimpsed through the fabric4 of thewaists in a misty manner. ;Many styles of taffeta coats in allcolors are to be used to throw overthe dainty lace, chiffon crepe and lingerie gowns, but quite the newest andsmartest thing yet shown for formaloccasions is a kimono-shaped, mediumlength coat of colored net, with wideflounces, which taper toward the.front. Lovely narrow feather trimming circles the neck and tops theflounces on the sleeves.Quite the most wonderful creationsfor the summer of 1914 are the bathing suits. Many are more like afternoon dresses,1 made knee-length. Onesuit of dark blue taffeta, trimmedwith light cerise golfine, has a darling cap made of the same golfine,with a hemstitched band of the bluetaffeta around the face, tying in asaucy bow directly in front. Silkbathing shoes of cerise, with darkblue silk stockings, and a parasol ofthe two colors, complete a bathingcostume much too lovely to beplunged into the briny deep.others to be, Heaven wouldn't seem FOR RENT July 1st. Apply 1745such a great place. . , J Madison avenue, r gj""--- '- -4 ,'r ' s't ' rag':...'- - ., nw N.. I . vDignity ' and Grace Are Appealingunaractenstics of This StylishWedding Gownsatin meteor, and crepe de Chine arecharming materials for such a "dress.For the veil, white tulle is especiallypretty,, draped from a coronet of r orange blossoms, as illustrated.For the bridesmaid's gown there isno prettier fabric than daintily-tintedorgandy, plain or figured. The charming model I have chosen for my second illustration is of pale yellow organdy, with triple ruffles of fine-meshednet bound with bias-strips, of organdy. The becoming hat worn withthis dress is a dream of old-time 'Leghorn lovliness in an adorable Hatshape, trimmed with the most exquisitely dainty flowers. Narrow blackvelvet ribbon streamers of "the onceupon a time" are caught at one side,with one end forming a bridle. ' -For her trousseau, many materials"and types of wraps and gowns aresuitable.One of the new materials which ismost popular for summer wear is theloveiy goinne, which comes . in allsorts of beautiful colors and severalqualities. It has all the smartness ofcorduroy without the weight, and forsports' clothes is much better thanthe easily-mussed fabrics of formerseasons.A stunning suit for motoring or forsports is made of a light-weight golfine, with a straight skirt that has asuspicion of drape from the hip-lineto the waist, and quite a marvelousjumper, that hovers between a coatand a sweater." This is either "walked into" after the present-day mannerof donning a skirt, or put on over thehead. A square collar rolls backfrom the V-shaped neck, ivhich isquite low, giving the pretty line toshow the dainty blouse underneath.A three-inch loose belt at the waistline finishes this comfortable, yetstriking outing costume.Then the wonderful top-coats, thatare made of the heavier golfine, in allthe bright shades of the season, areperfect, since one need not look warmand unhappy in a motor coat. for. although beautifully dressed, one' can!yet be fully protected. One lovelymodel has the long, loose back, with abroad belt across the back; the frontbeing long and straight, with large revers. One side of the coat is buttoned high, so that a loose draped effectis obtained. A high double black velvet collar stands well away from theneck, giving an air of jauntiness to analready wonderful coat.Beautiful ratine in bright colors andlarge spotty looking checks areamong the summer suitings. Lovelystraight narrow skirts are made ofthese checks, which should be wornwith a nrettv blouse, and nnp nf Hipthin silk sweater coats. These areshown in the same colors as.the ratOyyi 'McCau llThis Bridesmaid's Frock, of- YellowOrgandy and White' Net is aCharming Foir.for the Bride.,. ;Another lovely suit is of two-tonedgreen taffeta, with a cap of the same,gathered, not only on a band aroundthe face, but at the- crown, forming a,stunning sort of rosette, like a cock'scomb, on the top of the head.The parasols, of varied colors, aremore beautiful than ever. The lovely"cherry blossom" from Japan is insoft colors or brilliant checks, whilethe "Arcadia" has each dainty gilt ribupturned and tipped with a tiny ballof ivory or ebony to blend with thecoloring of the silk of the parasl.These two are most desirable and arevery smart.Among the summer lingerie thecoolest of summer nighties are seenin beautiful washable silks. White,with tiny colored stripes, and white,with pretty Dresden flowers, are ' tobe preferred. These' have the lowneck and very short sleeves, finishedwith ribbons to match the coloringsin the silks. i .EAgleeyesaLVEE EYE SiGOOD FOR THE YES-AND EYES0NLYI1LE BIES?Bo you think that watery, matteryeyes are natural? Jo yon believethat styes, srrannlated lids, poorJKht, -growths, are natural 7 .UseEAGLE EYE SAEVE and yon haveEagle Eyes again.For Sals by All Druggists. -, S'Z3&&?QZf$'f.-JBW fJlnBSMaUSaBBSBSBSBSBBBBSatfc,m 7 1 ' I u - s-mmm&rI vj. l -"-I it answers every beverage re- .,I quirement vim, vigor, refreshment, 'M wholesomeness. .-, ..'It will satisfy you. fflDemand the genuine by full name 9mNicknames encourage substitution. HBIBWTHE COCA-COLA. COMPANY BATLANTA, GA. SaiBHr"Wheneveryou see anArrow thinkof Coca-Cola.rVM-S tIC inLIJ MrHTfJKlJMr -:-'ri 1rJT7 r! LENiHAN'S I1- ,.c mm 'mmrm m ioriaicI1,m.;tj. zd id. sacK il. & iii. sugar. .$1.25'- i (With a three dollar purchasa)v VfiT '1 m j. ,f "rir'-..V1UC) Cracked Rice, per lb . . . i -- .v.-.'s. r... . ;05c- Fancy Head Rice, per lp. &&&jfef lc r tti ' 2 cans Cui-Tu-Np RedSalniop 35c M' v featm Braiicl Peas, yexlcmS- 10c pFox Lake Peas Per cair: 15c I ASugar Loaf Peas, per can 20c"Bulk. Coffee, per lb .. . . f. . . . . . s. . .-. .v.v20C ; X; I. LANCASTER PRIDETLOtife I I25-pound sack 80c H Iou-pouna, sacK. ....... v.y ,; tsJ .'--l.oo. .-. y10Q-ppund;:sacl.p.A. J QfJ- -t. -. ACSJcbi A tSjtonc's VVrappcd Cakes Re-ceived Fresh Daily1T. C. LEINIHAN.Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234I d i' iMJ.f .. .Sisuw-sxtjutiu.n(fw mO JULUa.rvy: PIETAL SHINGLES3 Are Stoirmprpoi ,They interlock and overlap in such a way that the hardest driving rain or sifting snow cannot possibly get under them.Besides this they last' indefinitely, and never need repairs.Another point They're very reasonable in first cost. . You can IiCMU ait auuub mem xium iiBESTidfaMtf ri-jr , ,. ST.- tHWKINS,-MHlerbprg, entucky..LwjtS sj&&:-- c 4 -: x 'aBSfcs ;y: . 1 4tvo mmits ''iSSSStgJSSSCmJ'i'.., ss'THE BOURBON NEWS, ARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY IS, 1914.Is the Choicest Pickings of the bestknown Gardens of the Orient andis noted for its line flavor and deiicate Aroma. Try it to-day. Forsale by all Grocers.Why pay more. Noted the Worldover as the Best. Packed freshevery day, in sanitary sealed cartons. For sale by all Grocers at 30cents per pound. Save the Coupons.Certified CheckCERTIFIED CHECKTEAiIfffffffffftffffMMMAMAMAAAASEWS OF MILLERSBURGMr. M. E. Pruitt was in Cincin3iatj on business Saturday.:Ir. J. J. Peed and Mr. B. A.3Seal continue very much the sanle.Miss Ethel Wallingford, of Geenaatown, arrived Friday as the guestm Mrs. W. A. Butler.Miss Mary McDaniel, of the Cynthiana Graded School, was at homeSrom Saturday until Monday.Miss Anna James McClintock,Tyho has been in Europe since last. September, returned home Saturday.Dr. C. B. Smith returned Saturday after a few days' sojourn, at John13oukins University, at Baltimore,Mr. and Mrs. YV. V. Shaw were.guests of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Finn at-Codington from Saturday until Monday. Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Bascom andlittle daughter, left Sunday to atiezi6 the Shriners' meeting at Atlanta,Mr. Joe McConnell, of Mt. Olivet,was the guest of his brother, Mr.Acron McConnell, Thursday and Fri-Miss Mary F. Taylor '-as theguest of her sister, Mrs. K. B. Hutchings. at Lexington, Friday-and Saturday. ' "'Mr. M. D. Hurst has opened a,reral merchandise store in theproperty of Mr. J. P. Auxier, in Judyrilie. Mesrs. Henry Bowling and Ollie"Potts returned Thursday after a tendays sojourn at Martinsville, muchimproved.Miss Kizzie May McDaniel leftSaturday for a two weeks' visit toMiss Jennie Marie Pepper, at Huntington, "W. Va. ,Mrs. W. A. Munzing, o Maysvyle, was the guest iof her mother,IVTts. "Martha Vimontand family, fromThursday until Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Hudson, of"Swing, were guests of her motherand sister, Mrs. Elizabeth Stirmanand daughter, Miss Stella Stirman,Saturday and Sunday, to attend thegraduating recital in piano of Miss.Stirman.Quite a number of social enter--tainmentsduring the week, the mostprominent of which will' be the reception to be given Wednesday afternoon "by Mrs. W. R. Metcalf andsister, "Miss Alpha Ball, at the homef Mrs. Metcalfe.The Bible Class of the Presbyterian church will be' entertainedwith a fish fry this evening, beginningat 7:30 o'clock, by Mr. J. P. Hicks, in&be basement of the church. A number of addresses will be deliveredalong the line of Sunday schol work.Mr. -C. W. Corrlngton has taken-down the fence from in front of hisiaadsome residence, and is nowiHGreatest Economics in New Spring and Summer Footwear for Men, Women and Children':. zA Splendid Assortment of this Season's Most Popular' Styles and Best Qualities at Record-Breaking Prices.Ladies' 'Colonial and Strapless Pumps, $4.00values, at -. r $2.99Ladies' Patent Pumps, and Oxfords, $3.50values, at .... 2.49Ladies' Colonial and .Mary Jane Pumps, $3.00values, at . . '.. 1 .99Ladies' Pumps and Oxfords in Patent andGun Metal, 2.00 values, at. . 1 .492V ' XucXKXma UAiuiUb ctuu jruuijjs,and 4. 00 values, atMisses' and Children's MaryPatent Leather and GunXD-AJST COHEW Where Beauty and Economy Reigns ftgrowing a beautiful . young hedgewhich was set out last year. It hasbeen well cared for, and when thechicken law goes into effect nextmonth there will be nothing to prevent it from thriving as it should. Itis certainly an ornament to the place,and gives a .finish to the lawn andhome that nothing else can.I FOR SALE. Boone CountiyWhite Seed Corn, only a small quantity lett.MILLERSBURG COAL & LUMBERCOMFANY. (12-2t)The graduation recital in piano ofMisses Gertrude Patrick and StellaStirman took place at the M. F. C.Auditorium Saturday at 8:00 p. m.The spacious auditorium was wellfilled with relatives and friends of theyoung ladies. The program wasclassical and well rendered. Theseyoung ladies hrave been untiring intheir efforts through several longyears of their musical carreer, andSaturday night gave good evidence ofpression and faultless tones were farabove the average. It was an" interesting program inasmuch as both ofthe young ladies were graduating.Of course their numbers alternated,and it gave the musical critic opportunity to watch the various points ofboth performers. They received numerous flowers and other presents,;and were the recipients of showersof congratulations. They were assisted by Misses Marie Smith andMary Bruce Redd, as readers, whoalso did their work nicely. After therecital a short reception was held inthe library and parlors of the collegewher everyone was given an opportunity to meet Misses Stirman andMILLERSBURG FEMALE COLLEGECOMMENCEMENT PROGRAMFriday, May 15, 8 o'clock p. m. .Expression Recital.Saturday, May 16, 8 o'clock p. m.Operetta.Sunday, May 17, 10:45 a. m. Baccalaureate Sermon by Rev. John M.Crowe, D. D., of Pulaski, Virginia.Sunday, May 17, 8 o'clock p. m.Missionary Address by Mrs. J. H.Spillman, of Harrodsburg, Ky.Monday, May 18, 10 o'clock, a. m.Class Day Exercises.Monday, May 18, 8 o'clock p. m.Annual Concert.Tuesday, May 19, 10:30 a. m. Graduation Exercises and Literary Address by Dr. John M. Crowe, of Pulaski, Va.The Sunday's exercises will be heldin the Methodist Church, while allthe other exercises will be in the college auditorium. All the exerciseswill be free to the public except theOperetta Saturday evening. Admission to this will be 25c.There are eight regular graduatesin the class this year, and two specialmusic pupils will take certificates inpiano, and will give their recital Saturday evening, May 9, at 8 o'clockp. m.A very cordial invitation is extendSATURDAYSHOE BARGAINSsamples, fO.UU1.49Jane Pumps in 'Metal $2 value at . . 1 .49$$$Greatest Shoe Storeed to the public to attend all thecommencement exercisee.The" past session has been exceedingly pleasant and satisfactory inevery way. The most delightful harmony has prevailed among teachersand pupils, and 'the work accomplished by both has been highly satisfactory. Plans and specifications have beenmade for extensive improvementsduring the approaching vacation.These improvements will consist of afirst-class gymnasium, 46x72 feet,swimming pool of the same length,shower baths, art studio, literary society hall, flower conservatory, andadditional dormitory room for aboutthirty pupils. With these improvements there will not be a boardingschool in the State more up-to-dateand better equipped for the work tobe accomplished.At the meeting of the committeeheld in Lexington last January, twenty-sixHigh and Secondary schoolswere put on the "accredited list,"these schools being divided into twoclasses, A and B, and then graded according to merit. The MillersburgFemale College stood at the top inClass A, with possible credits, 25.This means that the M. F. C. standsabove all the other schools of its kindwhich were put on the "accreditedlist." With these facts before them,we look for our old friends to remainloyally and enthusiastically true tous, and also to enlarge our circle offriends until all our rooms are filledto their capacity with earnest, honestpupils whose highest aim is to be accomplished, educated Christian women. We have never had as competenta faculty as we have had during thepast session, and we are happy toannounce that the faculty for nextsession will remain almost the sameas for last session. We appeal to ouralumnae and all friends to aid us infilling our rooms to their capacitywith a high grade of pupils. It is ourpurpose to gradually advance ourcourse of study until those graduatingfrom the M. F. C. will be able to enterthe Junior year in the best of collegesand universities of the North andEast. Please send us names of prospective pupils. .Cordially,C. C. FISHER, President,Millersburg, Ky.The many friends of Mr. andMrs. Aaron McConnell will learnwith regret that they are soqn toleave Millersburg. Mr. McConnellwill dispose of his stock here as rapidly as possible, and will locate aboutthe middle of June in Harrisoh, O.Mr. McConnell was in Cincinnati several days last week, wher it- wasthought he had gone to purchase hisspring stock of goods. While -therehe visited Harrison, O., where "heclosed a deal for the purchase "of thejewelry business of Mr. Israel.They had been in correspondence forseveral weeks. Mr. McConnell hasMen's Tan Oxfords, rubber soles, Walkoverand Beacon, in all lasts, at , $4.00Men's Tan and Gun Metal Oxfords, in theEnglish last, at 4.00Men's High Shoes and Oxfords, in Tan andGun Metal, best makes, at $3.50 and 2.99Men's Oxfords and High Shoes, button andlace, 83.00 values, at ,Boys' Patent and Gun. Metalvalues, atWhite Canvas Shoes and Slippers at Lowest PricesMiCiTiMlil Hbeen in Millersburg about four years.NOTICE For the next thirty daysanything in my store will be sold at20 per cent, discount for cash. Willleave Millersbprg June 10, and desireto reduce stock. All those having articles for repair must call and getthe same or they will be sold for thecharges.AARON McCONNELL.(12-2t)SUNDAY SCHOOL LEAGUEADOPTS SEASON SCHEDULEA meeting of the committee of thevarious base ball teatns to composethe Sunday School League was heldSaturday afernoon in the offices at thePeoples' Bank and the schedule forthe season was adopted. The meetingwas a very interesting one and muchenthusiasm was manifested.When the league was organized aweek ago only five points in thecounty were represented, and it beingnecessary to have six clubs in theleague to work the schedule to an advantage, it was decided to have twoteams iin this: city and accordinglythe Loyal Sons, an organization composed of the young men of the Christian Church was added to the leaguemembership.The first game of the season will beplayed on Saturday, May 30. Theschedule as arranged is as follows:Hutchison At Millersburg May 30-;North Middletown June 13; SpearsMills July 11; Paris, Loyal Sons June27.Millersburg At Hutchison July 4;North Middletown July U5; SpearsMill June 6; Paris July 18; Paris,Loyal Sons June 20.North Middletown June 6; Millersburg July 11; Spears Mill May 23;Paris July 4; Paris Loyal Sons, July25.Spears Mill At Hutchison July 18;Millersburg June 27; North Middletown June 20; Paris May 30; ParisLoyal Sons July 4.Paris At Hutchison June 20; Millersburg May 23; North Middletown'June 27; Spears Mill June 13; LoyalSons June 6.Loyal Sons At Hutchison May 23;Millersburg June 13; North Middletown May 30; Spears Mill July 18;Paris July 11.TUBERCULOSIS IN THE ORIENTIS SERIOUS PROBLEM.Tuberculosis is one of the most serious health problems in the Orient.Active organizations to fight this disease have been formed in Japan, thePhilippines, India and Australia. Amovement is on foot for a nationalorganization In China and in a numberof cities local work has been started.While no accurate figures are available, those who are in a position toknow claim that consumption takesannually from 5,000,000 to 10,000,000lives alone in China. In India thetWraK&lSniOTR'tKiJBQMl1.99Oxfords, $2.50, . . 1 .49W' Ilb ISWARNING AGAINST DANGEROUSPRESERVING POWDERS.The attention of National Department of Agriculture has recentlybeen called to the widespread use, especially in rural communities, of salicylic acid in putting up preserves.The head of a large drug and chemicalsupply house states that people livingin Southwest Virginia, North andSouth Carolina, Kentucky, Tennesseeand Western Georgia, have been purchasing salicylic acid in one-quarterpound packages for a number of yearsand that this practice has grown to anenormous extent. This dealer statesfurther that only a few weeks ago hereceived an order from one wholesalegrocer for fifty gross of these goods.The department is aware that thispractice is not confined to salicyicacid under its own name alone, butthat large quantites of this acid, andof boric acid as well, are sold underfanciful names as preserving powdersor canning compounds at prices whichare much in excess of their realvalue.In the directions for use, the housewife is told to fill the jar with thefruit or vegetables, cover with waterand add a teaspoonful of the powder.It is true that these powders mayprevent the decay of the fruit or vegetable, but they also encourage uncleanly "or careless work, and theirexcessive use may be attended withvery serious results upon the health.Salicylic acid is a medicine of thegreatest value in acute articular rheumatism and certain orther diseases. Itis well known as a poisonous substance, and one of the evils which mayaccompany its use in derangement ofthe digestion. It is therefore plainthat its extensive use in food may leadto disturbance of digestion and health.It is entirely practicable to put upboth fruits and vegetables in such amanner that they will keep indefiin-ltely by seterilizing the products bymeans of heat, and there is no excusefor running any risk by the using ofpreserving powders. The Departmentof Agriculture has issued the following Farmers' Bulletins dn canning andpreserving:F.. B. 203 Canned Fruit, Preservesand Jellies.F. B. 359 Canning Vegetables in theHome.F. B. 521 Canning Tomatoes atHome in Club Work.These bulletins, which may be obtained without cost by applying to theDivision of Publications of the Department, give exact directions forcanning and preserving foods withoutthe use of preserving powders or canning compounds.COLORED HIGH SCHOOL NINELOSES TO CYNTHIANA CLUB.The Paris colored High School baseball team was defeated by a team fromthe colored school in Cynthiana yesterday afternoon by a score of 9 to 8.The game was very exciting.superstitions, the problem of prevention and treatment is peculiarly difficult. The Japanese has taken a handofficially in the control of tuberculosis, and is co-operating with two wellorganized private associations. Thedeath rate while very high, is lowerthan in China and India. Under thedirection of the United States PublicHealth Service a movement for theprevention of tuberculosis in the Philippines has also been organized.The National Association for theStudy and Prevention of Tuberculosis,with headquarters in New York, although organized especially for workin this country, has been largely instrumental in the establishment ofanti-tuberculosis movements in mostof the Oriental countries, as well asAfrica and South America.Keep aKodak Record.The pictures made so easilywill tell the child story for yearsto come.We will be gla'd to explain thesimple Kodak way in picturemaking it's all by daylight.Kodaks, $5.00 to $20.00.Srownie Cameras, $1.00 to $12.00KOMKJiXiT 111 lllllm t5JPH vl)CDaughertyBros.BIRTHS.Mr. and Mrs. Fayette Ardery arereceiving congratulations upon thebirth of a fine son Saturday morningat their home on Houston AvenueThe young man weighed nine andone-half pounds, and has been namedLafayette Ardery, Jr. "Mrs. Arderywas Miss Lois Finriell, of Georgetown.MISS NELLIE BROPHY DIESAT HER HOME IN JACKSONMiss Nellie Brophy, aged 20years, died at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. James Brophy, inJackson, Breathitt County, Saturdayevening at 9 o'clock, after a two-weeksillness. Miss Brophy was a teacher iathe graded school in Jackson and wasone of the most popular young womenof that -city.Mr. Borphy was formerly a residentof Bourbon County, but moved toJackSon about twenty-five years ago.For several years hewas manager ofthe general store of Judge James Hargis. Miss Brophy was a niece of Mrs.Henry McGinley, of Paris, and of Mr.and Mrs. James Brophy, of near thiscity.The remains were brought to Parisyesterday morning and the funeralservices were held at the Church ofthe Annunciation, conducted by Rev.Father DeBruyn. Interment in thParis Catholic Cemetery.Among those attending the funeralwere Mr. and Mrs. Brophy, her parents; Misses Winnie, Mary, Annie,Clara, and Messrs. Joseph and JamesBrophy, sisters and brothers of thedeceased.mTime and flowWe Help.To make the work just a little easier. Look over thislist and see if there isn'tsomething you need:Wall Paper Cleaner, can 10cLiquid Veneer, bottle 25c to50c.Sulphur Candles, each, 10c.Crude Carbolic Acid, pint15c.Household Ammonia, pint15c.Chamois Skins, 25c, 50c, 75c.Sponges, 10c, 15c, 25c.Bugaside kills bed bugs, 15c.We also carry a completeline of Paints, Varnishes andbrushes.People's Pharmacy .Doyle Building 8th and MainPARIS, KY."Watch Our Windows."?SCHOOL BOY WANTED.For steady, summer, parttime, easy work. Must bebright, neatly dressed, and under fourteen years of age.Give references and mentionday and hour when parent willcome with boy for interview.Good pay. Splendid training."Write to Box 306, BourbonNews Office.E,Eighth and MainINo DeliveryNo PhonesNo CreditWe are now using aSanitary Fish Cabinet,and receiving Fresh Fishdaily. We save you from4c to 10c per pound onFish.We do not clean anyFish, but we save youmoney on them and giveyou good, fresh Fish atall times. Clean yourFish and you know thatthey are clean.Sfi)6CD90aHouse-CleaningMARKETM. J, Heller5da993SCO.3