r-NvrsWr: -ji-v t -,1V , .V3 "" .-'1 T'-j .fru' -"!SflB.Hvvi:frV?. fr " i.wi '..' rEHBWSratf TomCEST -" ." J3? . 1.1t.-f ltfiafl 3c r& -v -t . ir i- L a. v ' t. wr. - ? ja .. j. S. tSS . St. Sr - r.jmsm-srs , ai ;- v?tTv5 5 'V. . . . ' .. if.'it-r-v.PUBLISHED J3VFRY TUXSDJAKD PXIDAY IN THE YX,4--$--fv,x- ,i, 5- -1" -VOLUME 'XXXIIPARIS,. KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1914.V 4 -A'flpiP mBB 9Jbhb1.m . flB ,? '40AH . BS BKi V MB?tb wmmm"msL- -?h -uv- -tbv h- m m m bk nF.a. m h m1 BMMMM T Vj BB --' LBBF HrH... ' x " " "" , V 1r?' A.'x V "I ! ?c .Pr IV HL ,?.5 I .SIDWEY G. CLAY SHOOTSHIMSELF IN RIGHTSIDE.Hon. Sidney G. Clay, former Representative from Bourbon in the Kentucky Legislature, and a prominentfarmer, shot himself in the rightside with a revolver at his home inthe 'ounty yesterday afternoon shortly after two o'clock.Mr. Clay's wife and daughter haveheen in Europe and in the East for theTn st several months, and he was athomo alone, with the exception of j hides and wool, and l)y dogs, rats,the servants, when the shooting took pigeons, buzzards land cows, andplac. Mr. Clay has been, in ill healthand nad been quite a sufferer from nerv-croubles for many months. Forousthe past six months he had been ina despondent mood.It is understood that he had telephoned his mother, Mrs. Sidney Clay,:arid 3iis sister, Mrs. Hamilton, in Lexington, of his intention, and had alsonotified his physicians of what he intended to do. Dr. W. C. TJssery wastelephoned for shortly after Mr. Clay ihad hot himself and he went to theQay home, where he rendered medical service, and later on took thewounded man, in company with hismotfcer and sister, who had arrivedon tne scene shortly after the unfortunate occurrence, to a Lexington hospital. Tb bullet passed through the fleshypart of the right, side and passedentirely through, inflicting a painful-u ouad.Mr. Clay is widely known and welllike3 by a large circle of friends whowill be glad to know that the woundis of such a nature that it is hardlylikely to prove fatal, unless unforseencomplications set in.TERRORS OF CATTLEFOOT-MOUTH DISEASE.'In a widespread appeal for co-operation in the fight to saveKentucky from the epidemic of-foot and mouth disease amongcattle J. W. Newman, Commis-sioner of Agriculture, says:"It spreads like wildfire, beingcarried in hay and fodder, onpeople may carry it on their cloth-ing. Young animals are subjectsometimes children contract it."There is not a disease morebighly communicable."The mortality is not so heavy,.but the affected animal is prac-tically worthless, and it may bestricken a few days after 'recov-ery; .stricken again, and again,until death relieves it."In 1898 the United States spent$200,000 fighting it in a few coun-ties in Pennsylvania. It now cov-ers such a vast area that we canhardly hope Kentucky will escape.It affects the livestock industryin Kentucky to the extent of mil-lions."DIVIDEND Oki 25 PER CENT"" READY .FOR DEPOSITORS.:iBOURBON' CIRCUIT COURT.REVIVALMEETINGS ATTHE PARIS CHURCHESA urotracted .meeting began atthe "Presbyterian church, in thiscitv, Sunday morning at 10:30, wtihthe Lord's Supper, and the reception of all members who offeredthemselves for 'membership in thechurch. Preparatory services wereheld at the church Saturday afternoon at thre'e o'clock.Service -wep-e lield Sunday nightat 7:00 o'clock and last night at thesame hour, and will continue onthrough the week after . tonight.The pastor, Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive,Aill be assisted by Rev. T. B. Atkinson, the evangelist ot the EbenzerPresbytery, after to-night. Rev. Atkinson was for six years i the chorister for the famous Southern evangelist, Dixie Williams, and since thattime and for the past sixteen yearshas-been known as one of the evangelists associated with J. WilburChapman. One of the prominentfeatures of the, meetings will be themusicFive persbns were added to theChristian church by letter ThursdayiMcrVir -ur r. v. Redmon. Miss NancySmith, Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Buckler,!and Mrs. John Cooper, and there wereten confessions: Mr. K. (Jlay wnaieyand his grand daughter, Miss MattieTVrfaley, John A. Morris, Laura Frederick. J. H. Batterton, Kennetti andMona Tavlor (twins), Leslie and Martin OXeil, and James Granger. The'mte of baptism was administeredThursdav night, and also Triday afternoon when Mrs. D. G. Taylor andJames Arnsparger were immersed.The following persons made confession of faith at the Christian Church,Fridav. of whom were baptized andtherh will be immersed later; Homer ,Burley, Miss Florence Kennedy, Maryand EBizabeth Duncan, Mr3. LizzieWilbur, Lannia Berry, Mr. James R.Stivers and Lillian Turner, Mrs. JohnKoonus and Mi3s Lizzie May Duncanwere received by letter, and Messrs.Msiton and Edward Prebble were babtfced Saturday afternoon.At the Baptist Church Saturday atfemnnn throe nersons were baptized.two were received by confession and!hv loiter. Those who were baptizedwere Elizabeth Henry, Mrs. GroverBatler and Mrs. Lawrence Butler. Rev.Dr. 0 R. Mangum, the pastor, preacnThe November term of the BourbonCircuit Court began yesterday morning with Judge Robert Stout on thebench and Commonwealth's AttorneyVictor Bradley in attendance to lookafter the Commonwealth's interests.I The grand jury, composed of RobertMeteer, (foreman;, ienry mgeis,Cassell Redmon, A. L. Burley, AlbertWright, Swift Champ and Joe Redmon,was duly impanelled and sworn in.Judge Stout delivered an unusuallystrong charge to the jury in which headmonished them as to the sanctityand the value of the oath they hadtaken, and cautioned them to do theirduty as grand jurymen. He laid particular stress on gaming, carrying concealed weapons and selling liquor tominors, and said that they were vicious practices that must be thoroughlyinvestigated by the jury. He stated instrong 'terms the necessity of going,after things that had not yet beenbrought to light, and wltich had beencovered up, and which, by so doingthey would be of great benefit to thecommunity.No business of any importance wastransacted in Court yesterday. Thegrand jury adjourned until 9 'o'clockWednesday morning, when they willagain convene and take up the workassigned to them.CAN'T FQ,OL YOUR NEIGHBORS.Your testimony does not fool yourneighbors. They judge you by tho wayyou live ratlier by what you say inprayer meeting. .A photographer is judged by thework he turjis out an artist by hispictures. . ,Stop and "have a iook hi uie wm-A complete and exhaustive report, inwhich every phase of the affairs ofthe George Alexander & Co. Bank isfully- covered, was filed by Deputy rBanking Commissioner Buckner Woodford in Circuit Court yesterday. jAfter submitting a statement of thecondition of the bank on May 20, 1914,the commissioner flies a statementshowing condition of the institution onNov. 7, and shows" by a comparisonof the two how affairs have been managed. Under the head of Resources,one item shows the sum of $77,183.40"credited to "George Alexander's misappropriation account.? 'Cash onhandon Nov. 7, 1914 is shown to be $118,- jShkjo.oh. jl uvciuiaiia aiuuuuuug iv$28,837.84, Commissioner Woodfordhas collected $19,171.51, leaving a balance of $9,666.33, of which $1,613.49 isestimated as being collectible.The report gives the total expensesof $3,149.27 for liquidation, includingexpert accountant services, attorneytees, etc., from May 20 to Nov. 7.Total bills of exchange are listedammounting to $47,862.75, of which$68,448.47 is worthless paper and $8,043.37 doubtful paper, leaving "good"paper amounting to $61,370,91.The, report states that Mr. N. Kriener holds what he calls the bank'snotes for $37,500, and claims that thebank by its President Geo. Alexander,L assigned and delivered to him a number of bills receivable of the bank ofGeo. Alexander & Co. State Bankamounting to $40,300, and has broughtsuit against the Commissioner to recover all of said collateral.The Commissioner states that hehas been advised by counsel that thedirectors of the bank are liable tohim representing t.e depositors andcreditors, in a sum of money sufficient,he hopes, with other assets availableto pay the'' depositors and creditors ofthe bank in full; that there is nowto his credit m various banks of thecity of Paris sums of money amountingto $118,908.52; the total out standingindebtedness of the bank including trejected or contested claims, is $406,151.81. Commissioner Woodford makes thecheering statement that he is nowable to distribute 25 per cent to allt.h creditors of the bank, whose Jclaims he recognizes, and he now asksto be allowed to distribute this 25per cent, to them.Mr. Woodford's report is as completeas intelligent systematic work couldmake it, and reflects great credit uponhim for the thorough and painstakingmanner in which he has endeavored tocet at the real aftairs of the bank, tobring order out of chaos and to safeguard at once the best interests otthe depositors and creditors and allothers vitally concerned. - ,rw am. mi m 4giviitcnei. acBlakemore'sVHVMR." HUNTER!November 15tliis" the time to look for the birds, and there is going to be plenty .o-them this year, but to find these birds atthe right time and "" the rigfitplace you We got to wear the best Hunting Clothes in the world, and tthat is5Sfe-IDXJ2SZMJmJErSk rVOur stock of Dux Bak Hunting Clothes is the most complete andthe largest ever shown in a town of this size. Everything that thehunter needs the kind of clothes that are water proof, wind proofand briar proof. Look at our hunting window,.Dux Bak Water Proof Hunting Coats $5.00Dux Bak Water Proof Hunting Pants 3.00Dux Bak Water Proof Hunting Vest .r... . ."1 5Hf:i Dux Bak Water Proof Hunting Hat 1.00 r, . Hunting Caps and Leggings.A cfc The Shell Vest which distributes the weight of the shells all overyour shoulders. Witch Elk Water Proof Shoes in all heighths, abso- -fT" J-'ii..i.i i. c ;. j-u u: t- j j. t i v 'sm.; vVluieiy water piuux juct tuc wmig lu waue uie uictuciies in xCome to our store and lay in yonr supply of the best Huntingr Clothes in the world.3tcMitchell & BlakemoreIThe Store for Men's StylesParis, Kentucky-jTUESDAY'S ELECTION RESULTS.The Bourbon County Board of Election Commissioners, composed ofSheriff W. P. Talbott, of Paris, andMessrs. B.B. Marsh and W. A. Thomason, of Bourbon, met at the office .ofCounty Clerk Pearce Paton, Friday,and canvassed the returns from therinw at the Arderv Drug Co. s today rpm,ior PwHon held Tuesday. Nov. 3and all the week. Pass criticism on But ggt change is made in the remy Avork, and tell your friends about port except in the school board elecit. , , tion. In this race Mr. C. O: Hinton,Yours for pictures ana pnoios, j the jeweier is re-elected as a memberof the Paris Board of Education to nilA. R. JOHNS,Now is the time to place your Christmas orders.(NovrlO-lt)' BOOTLEGGER ARRESTED.For thev past two weeks DeputySheriff James ' Gibson has had twonegro men under surveillance, suspected of "bootlegging" whiskey andbeer in the city of Paris on Sunday,and has kept after them with a vengeance until Sunday he caught them withthe goods on. Allie Johnson, whenplaced under arrest by the officer,had in his possession a half pint ofwhiskey and two bottles of beer whichhe had agreed to purchase ior a ciiem.qheriff Gibson and Patrolman Jamesed Sundav morning, h's subject being, Moreiand made the arrest. Johnson. . j y T UnniQ ' 1 ,1 J !,- -1i n. V.OOT O Tl fl TVVllSkeV liaClbeen procured for Babe Parker, colored, who he said had paid him to secure the wet goods for him.Johnson was arrested by SheriffGibson and Patrolman James Moreland. He was taken before Judge January in Police Court, and after theintroduction of testimony, was finedtsnnn and costs. Warrants are outnninsr to Our Lions HomeU the Methodist church Sundaymorning 184 persons gathered at thealtar to be received as members ofthat denomination. In the afternoon22 were immersed in the baptistry ofthe Baptist church by Rev. Sims, ofthe Methodist church, they perferringthat mode of baptism. .A protracted meeting will begin atthis church on Sunday, November 2,conducted by the pastor, Rev. J. S.Sims.C. W. B. M. MEETING."The November meeting of the C. W.13. M. was held Friday afternoon inthe parlors of the Christian Church,-with a large attendance. The devotional period was conducted by Mrs.Curtis Talbott, and the president, Mrs.R. B. Hutchcraft, presided over thebusiness session. The auxiliary votedto accept its apportionment of $600for the year 1914-15, -as made by theState Board.Mrs. Robert Goggin had charge otxhe "liCerary program, and a book reTiew of "In Red Man's Land" wascharmingly- given by Mrs. AmnePrichard.out the unexpired term of the late Mr.C. Arnsparger.F. E. Goods, socialist candidate forU. S. Senator did not receive a vote.R. J. Robertson, socialist candidatefor U. S. Senatorlong term, receivedone vote. ,For the long term U. S. Senator onthe Progressive ticket, Burton Vance,received 17 votes.For the short term, as U. S. Senatoron the same ticket George Nicholasreceived 13 votes.By a vote of 117 to 101, the votersof Flat Rock precincts No. 1 and 2 defeated the proposition to allow stockto run at large on the public highways.In the two Ruddles Mills precincts thevoters voted to permit stock to runat large by a vote of 104 to 96?BOURBON BRED HORSESIN LATONIA CLOSELady Errant, the property of ClayBros of Paris, took the Latonia Cup,the feature of the closing day of thefall racing season in Kentucky at twoand one-tourth miles in impressiveSTOCK QUARANTINED.pfvlo winning hv siv Ifintrt.hs from Ex-forCorbin Miller, another one of tue 1 pectation, which was four lengths insuspects. front of Any Port. Any Port wasThis is the hrst arrest ol a, ouuucS hard pushed by Race for the showand barely won out.The race was worth $2,600, Expectation, the second horse, is owned by Mr.Ezekiel Arjiold, and the third horse,Any Port, is also a Bourbon product.The two-dollar mutuels paid $20.70straight, $8.40 place and $5.80 show,on the winner.-i- i -r-: fnr- n-i'inv moonsger maae iu rua w. .and Judge January says that everyone caught and. presented in his courtwill be given the limit.WAREHOUSE OFFICERS ELECTED.At a meeting of the Peoples Tobacco Warehouse Company, at Carlisle W. D. JMcIntire was elected asmanager for the season. F. C. Taylor a prominent young business man,of Carlisle, was elected secretary andtreasurer of the Farmer TobaccoWarehouse Company tb succeed J. W..Dalzell, who retired, jar. u -fused to stand ior re-eieunuucently purchased an interest in the J.T. Reynolds dry good3 store, in Cyn-thiana.WOMEN'S CLASS ELECT OFFJCERSFISH AND GAME COMMISSIONISSUES WARNING TO HUNTERS.- Commissioner of Agriculture J.tjwman Saturday declared a quaranle against all cattle, sheep and hogs"Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Pennsylvania and Michigan, and from noon yes-terdav rib such stock from these states,TMavrDe aenverea aaywueie m acutucky. e excepted fromk.the order Kentucky 'dairy herfis stationed. in ChieagSteat tsbe National Livestock .Skew- andBl tay Jr M 'iSrfnrnaa toAt a business meeting of theWomen's Class of the Christian churchSunday, school, lield in the. parlors ofthe church, after the Sunday schoolexercises Sunday morning, the following officer were elected.President, Mrs E. B. Hedges; firstvicei-president, Mrs. William. Myall;o,vnonri vice-uresident, Mrs. L. D. Red-rnon: secretary, Mrs. Markland; treasThe Game And Fish Commission isHsending a Special Warden into thiscounty with instructions to enforce thegame laws. The Commission hopesthis Warden will not have to make arrests, but he, and his local-deputieswill actiyely cover the bounty fromthis date to the end of the season, andviolators will be punished.(10-lt),XI22c to 25c perpound forSausage wlienCMMtfrfWhy Pay FRANK & CO,tf.- rBaldwinBros.ppeciai ". ' ' &.S5'J" .V"ujuLL2 POUNDSOF BESTPOMSAUSAGETHE PARIS DEMOCRATCHANGES TO TRI-WEEKLY.40 SUITSiMF V"V mm . mm m T-T.m JLaaies and Misses Sizes,newest styles and materialsall colors, formerly sold ;sti vv)d.u,u ana $u.uu,FORB5cim J l!?Biffnuy-, and Mr'JQDfJThe Paris Democrat, edited byMessrs Wm. Ardery and Wm. Remmington will be issued hereafter as atri-weekly, publishing on Tuesdays,Thursdays and Saturdays. With theBourbon News and the Kentucky Citizen tissuing twice a week, Paris, willnow havepractlcally.a daily paper," theSCKmll,. 1BEUW Ul U1QTVBLCO PUW OCIT"I BALDWIN BROSCHOICE NOW$15.00Alterations Free.S-tiSzJsirFRANK &MThe Store Where ELdiibMyPns.m K-B4',-Ui at pm?fwi'A'?m ytii tjM m y M)i tm&tftfi umflarn T.j2JJBFT-J5''VJ1 ?-.nr. ivAofJytgT T -f.i V ;. -VVJ? ".C5t"ri;rvLimYmcL. ,."V MP- " tN -f - H -"v.-" " . ,'. b-. Jw -t. - fr.V-it-sJr5!1i(u4If vtK?Mri-y.tii&VII1A-'M4Vr"3d4-.0V1 .1JfciiiImThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 'i&81 32 Years oftinouous Publication.Con-, .-6WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Entered, t the Pans, Kentucky,.Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Glass.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per-inch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line-each issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidate, obituaries and resolutions, and' similar matter, 10 cents jper line.Special rates for large advertise--mntsand yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or otherjmatier offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.PROBABLE MAKE UP OFCOMING CONGRESS.. New York, Nov. 9. The member-ship of the Sixty-fourth Congress asbe result of Tuesday's election, excluding a few contests still in doubt,will be as follows:House of Representatives:Bemocrat,t229; Republican, 196; Progressive, 7; Socialist 1; Independent,X. Democratic majority, 24.Senate:Democrat, 53; Republican, 39; Progressive, 1. Democratis majority, 13.SENATORIAL CONTESTS.New York, Nov. 6. Senatorial con-tests still in doubt to-night were inColorado, Nevada and Wisconsin.Democratic leaders still claimed thelection of Charles S. Thomas overHubert Work-in Colorado and of Francis D. Newlands over Samuel Piatt inNevada, Republican leaders claimedth8 election of Francis E. McGovernover Paul A. Husting, Democrat, inWisconsin, but through an error dis-covered late in the day in one of theWisconsin counties an apparent majority for (McGovern had been swept-away, leaving the situation much in..doubt.The result in only one congressional district was undetermined to-night.7n the First New York district, Frederick C. Hicks, Republican, and Representative Lathrop Brown were running on virtually even terms, and theoutcome probably will not be knownncmtil an official count is made.In computing thQ Democratic total- in tie House at 229, William Kettner,of the' Eleventh California district,ticket and ranks as a Progressive inthe present Congress, is included with jxne majority party. rtepreseuLauveJohn I. Nolan, of the Tenth Californiadistrict, who ran on the Republicanana' Progressive tickets and was elected to the present Congress as a Progressive Republican is classed withthe Republicans. Representative William "Kent, of the First California district, is ranked as an Independent."This would give the Progressive seven' members of the House.Xj IN KENTUCKY.'""The Congressional races resulted asfollows:FIRST DISTRICT.Barkley, Dem 9,779Farley, Rep 4,132Sarklev's majority : . . . 5,047" SECOND DISTRICT.. "Kmcheloe, Dem 14,694,Glark, Rep 10,469 Joo -j-Chambers Prog1Kmcheloe's plurality 4,225!- THIRD DISTRIGT."Thomas, Dem 14.294Taylor, Rep 12,4353elccer, Prog 763Thomas' plurality. ,.FOTTRTH DISTRICT.1,359-Joknson, Dem 13,1881Ball, Jtep 8,316Jones, Prog 57S- Jolanson's plurality 4,872FIFTH DISTRICT.Sherley, Dem 23,772Gardner, Prog 8,118WilboLfc, Rep "6,840Sherley's plurality 15,654. . SIXTH DISTRICT.TSoue, Dem 13,955Orr, Prog 1,624,. Rouse's majority : 12,331SEVENTH DISTRICT.jCantxill, Dem 18,614Bristow, Rep 11,377Btwfcner, Pro 282sC&atrill's plurality 7,237EIGHTH DISTRICT.HeTai; Dem 9,977pillman, Rep . . 7,483-Hoitsolaw, Prog 8174 tfaVplurality 2,494" ' NINTH DISTRICT.:slfK, Dem 15,737Jrtfiitf Rep - 13,222-Gote, Pro 83WU&& plurality 2,505TENTH DISTRICT."L&m&w?, Rep -:.. 6,321LaArt Dem 2,557B&Wcia, Prog 59iJLBg liar's plurality 3,764ELEVENTH DISTRICT.srri!tep 9.671"TO lad . 3,647PfcwaMf naajorlty 6,024jiryft in the race for the AppelMlimgeskip in the Third districtfo&r:Hur Item .,282TKztoa. Jtalu. . MlIN ?A: RAIN OF SHELLSRUSSIAN SAILOR TELLS, OF HORROR OF NAVAL BATTLE-Once Gunners Get the Range Every. thing Which the Projectiles StrikeIs Destroyed, While the Splinters Work Great Havoc.At the battle of Tsushima, when theJapanese destroyed the Russian fleet,Captain Semenoff was on the flagshipSuvoroff. He had no definite post, andtook notes until the sinking of the vessel. Extracts from his story are asfollows:"The first" shells flew over us. Atthis range some of the long onesturned a complete somersault, andcould be clearly seen with the nakedeye curving like so many sticks thrownin the air. They flew over us, making a sort of wail, different to the ordinary roar."After them came others short of usnearer and nearer. Splinterswhistled through the air, jingledagainst the side and superstructure.Then, quite close and abreast the foremost funnel, rose a gigantic pillar ofsmoke, water and flame. I saw stretchers being carried along the forebridge. "Shells seemed to be pouring uponus incessantly, one after another. Itseemed as if these were mines, notshells, which were striking the ship'sside and falling on the deck. Theyburst as soon as they touched anything the moment they encounteredthe least impediment in their flight.Handrails, funnel-guys, topping ' liftsof the boats' derricks, were quite sufficient to cause a thoroughly efficientburst."The steel plates and superstruc-i tures on the upper deck were torn topieces, and the splinters caused manycasualties. Iron ladders were crumpledup into rings, and guns were literallyhurled from their mountings. ,"In addition to this, there wasthe' unusual high temperature andliquid flame of the explosion, whichseemed to spread over everything. Iactually watched a steel plate catchfire from a burst. Of course, the steeldid not burn, but the paint on it did."Such almost non-combustible materials as hammocks and rows of boxes,drenched with water, flared up in amoment At times it was impossibleto see anything with glasses, owing toeverything being so distorted with thequivering, heated air."A man reported that the after-turrethad been blown up, and almostsimultaneously there resounded aboveus a rumbling noise, accompanied bythe sharp clank of falling iron. Something large and heavy fell with acrash; the ship's boats on the spardeck were smashed to bits; burningdebris fell all round us, and we wereenveloped in an impenetrable smoke."The fore-bridge was struck bynumerous projectiles. Splinters ofshells, which penetrated in large quantities under the mushroom-shaped roof 1of the conning-tower, had destroyedall the instruments in it, and hadbroken the compass, but luckily thetelegraph to one engine and the voicetube to the other were still working."War's Effect on Youthful Minds.What impression is this terrific warproducing upon the child's mind?What do the boys and girls think, ofthe conflagration that is raging andof the battles that are. waging?Perhaps the small children have noi thought upon the subject at all, butChe older children, who are reading' stories of ancient heroes as if theywere mytns or lairy laies, ana stuping history bristling with wars of pastgenerations, which would ordinarilylead them to believe that war was arelic of barbarism, and impossible between modern civilized nations, whatdo they think? Is this terrible conflict to upset all their notions and' subvert many of their ideals? Is this systematic slaughter of warring armieslikely to cheapen the value of humanlife as appraised in youthful minds?These are questions, to be true, easily aske'd and hard to answer, but theysuggest a trend something for theirelders to ponder over. Omaha Bee.Ninth Arrest Breaks Jinx."Haven't I seen you before?" askedMunicipal Judge Sheridan Fry at Chicat?n when Charles Miehle wasar-raigned on a charge of non-support."Well, I should say you have, judge,"replied Miehle. "You seem to be myjinx. Every time I get within a mileof your court they pinch me. I'vebeen before you fully eight times.""That is enough," said the 3udge."Discharged. I am going to begin myvacation, and if you let anybody elsetry you while I am gone, I'll be mad,Miehle. Now go get that job, andgive your wife some money or I willcome back in the middle of my vacation to attend to you."Watch Sets Speed of Men.One of the most interesting exhibitsat the jewelers' exhibition which hasbeen-in progress at London was anovel watch for the use of officers having charge of troops on the march, aninvention of an Austrian officer.On the face is a little arm (illum-I inated by radium for night use), whichcan be made to swing so many timeseach minute. Thus an officer wishingto bring his men to a certain, placeat a certain time, decides that theymust march 120 paces a minute.. Heneata mimut, sets the pace to fceetf time;fcsreat general, and-.'he'anaejed: V'Tot Uj JVg , v 'ia'"iiwJilxlsS:roytin " PH. Givewith the beat, aad ,o,rikUtWowhn fmtiWsajv 10 i, ViW&fuicu bio mc aim w B"i"6 j-w ... , ,. - v. .- .- ----- w t e.riA . ' 4, - .nr .-- , i -- - i. -. . -iNEVER A PLEASANT FEELINGNervousness May' Affect Different' People in Different Ways, But It IsNever a Welcome Visitor.The mental state of a person suffering from "nerves" is very muchlike that of a man who is wanted bythe police, or who has just heard arumor that the ship on which his wifeand children have sailed has beensunk in a collision, or who has cried"fire" in a theater and been thrownout, and knows his name has been obtained by the reporters. Very often itis a Combination of all three, with perhaps the added sensation of a man indoubt if he closed the safe before leaving the office.Perhaps some sufferers will disagreewith this and say it is not like that atall, but rather like having fallen intoa dry well, from which you can hearthe voices of people passing near by,but are unable to make yourself heard,or like having accidentally shot yourneighbor's only child while cleaning arevolver.The point is that it is distinctly unpleasant. Any bad quarter of an hour that youmay have experienced of uneasiness,anxiety, guilt, remorse or mortification will give you a very fair idea ofthe chronic condition of the so-calledneurasthenic. A good nightmare willhelp.There is nothing about this in thebooks. There the symptoms are described as "loss of interest," "inabilityto concentrate," "extreme depression,"feeling of numbness in the extremities," etc. In a way this is true; justas it would be true of the men referredto above. The man wanted by the police would take little interest in theshop windows, and the man who thinksthe ship has sunk would not get veryfar with a letter arranging the detailsof a business reorganization; and asfor the man thrown out of the theater,he would probably admit, if brought toit, that he was profoundly depressed.None of these individuals would feelthat the books quite did justice totheir feelings. And it goes withoutsaying that none of them would respond with enthusiasm if a brisk person came along and said: "What youneed is to get your mind off yourself,"or, "What you need is plenty of freshair and exercise."The main thing is that the nervousvictim is suffering severe mental distress. He is not simply "out of sorts."Medical Record.Heard General Sherman Say It.Recently someone who seemed toknow issued a denial of the prevalentimpression that Gen. W. T. Shermansaid "war is hell." J. P. Francis ofNickerson declares he heard GeneralSherman say it. He writes: "I neverunderstood that General Sherman usedthe term 'war is hell' in any of his orders or official correspondence, but diduse the term in a public address at asoldiers' reunion at Columbus, O., in1880. The writer was seated near thespeaker's stalid-and recollects the occasion which called the famous expression from the general. GeneralSherman, in his address, referred to aparticular military feat which called(on part of the troops selected to perform the task assigned them) forheroic courage to accomplish the tasksuccessfully. And when he closed thenarration the militia boys gave ahearty cheer. When the applause subsided the general looked down at themilitia and said, 'Boys, you may thinkwar is great sport, but I say, war ishell.' "' Driest Spots in America.According to the weather bureaureturns one of the driest spots in theUnited States is in the Fresno districtof California. They have had only 34,, , ..,, .per cent of the normal rainfall sinceMarch 1. The west coast generallyhas been short of precipitation. Another dry district centers in St. Louis,which has only 32 per cent of normal irainfall. The Ohio valley has had Ifrom a half to two-thirds of the usual Iquota, and there are some very dryspotd in the Southwest and the Southeast that have not yet been clearedup. But generally the country is fairly well supplied with moisture for thelate summer season. Streams arefairly full and reservoirs' are not lowas a rule. The distribution is uneven,however, Fort Worth, Texas, has 194per cent of normal, and Fort Smith,Ark., only 48 per cent. Some portionsof Kansas have had three weeks of100 per cent weather, practically arresting Te'-ctable growth and cuttingoff the corn crop for anything else butfodder.When Wellington Was General.The greatness of Wellington is nevermore admiringly remembered than intimes of strife and perhaps nevermore usefully quoted. The duke oneday wanted a bridge constructed, andthe officer of the royal engineers whomhe consulted on the matter reportedthat it could not be managed. Anotherofficer was sent for, from another division of the army, with the 'resultthat the task was duly accomplished.This caused the duke to put the following in "Orders:" "He who in warfails to do what he undertakes, mayalways plead the accidents which invariably attend military affairs; buthe who declares a thing to be impossible, which is subsequently accom-plished, registers his own incapacity."f Another.wise saying ' of Wellington. comes from another reader, and it isappropriate to the moment. He wasr'cV1 -what was trip. best.tpsf nf a. . ' " " i '' ' " ' rSICK SOUR, SJOMAPH,,' ' v INDIGESTIONfasOR'GAS."Pape's Diapepsin" Makes UpsetStomach Feel Fine In Five Minutes.Wonder what upset your stomachwhich portion "of the food did the damage; do you? Well, don't 'bothc. Ifyour stomach is in a revolt; if sour,gassy and upset, and what you justate has fermented into stubbornlumps; head dizzy and aches; belchgases and acidsh and eructate undigested food; breath foul, tongue coatedjust take a little Pape's Diapepsinand in five minutes you wonder whatbecame of the indigestion and distress.Millions of men and women todayknow that it is needless to have a badstomach. A little Diapepsin occasionally keeps this delicate organ regulated and they eat their favorite foodswithout fear.If your stomach doesn't take care ofyour liberal limit without rebellion;if your food is a damage instead of ahelp, remember the quickest, surest,most harmless relief is Pape's Diapepsin which costs only fifty-cents for alarge case at drug stores. It's trulywonderful it digests food and setsthings straight, so gentle and easilythat it is really astonishing. Please,for your sake, don't go on and on witha weak, disordered stomach; it's sounnecessary.(Nov. 10.) Adv.New Use for Electric Fan.Because frosts do the most damage when the air is calm, a Parisscientist has advanced the theory thatorchards and vineyards can be protected by electric fans to keep the atmosphere moving.When a Corn-Fed girl gets into oneof those heavy new coats she looks asthough she, had stolen two bales ofcotton and was trying t osneak themhome.THAT COLD YOU HAVEmay bring sickness, doctors bills andloss of work; you know that serioussickness usually starts with a cold, anda cold only exists where weaknessexists. Remember that.Overcome the weakness and nature icures the cold that is the law ofreason. Carefully avoid drugged pills,syrups or stimulants; they are onlyprops and braces and whips.It is the pure medicinal nourishmentin Scott's Emulsion that quickly enriches the blood, strengthens the lungsand helps heal the air passages.And mark this well Scott's Emulsion generates body-heat as protectionagainst winter sickness. Get Scott'sat your drug store to-day. It alwaysStrengthens and builds up.1 l Scott : Eownc. Bloomfield, N. J.Winter TouristRatesRound trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily from Oct. 1st, 1914, toApril 30, 1915, to all principal touristpoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico,Texas and Havana, CUba, with finalreturn limit May 31, 1915, with verylibeval stop-over privileges. Also lowround-trip Home-Seekers tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, Louisianaand Mississippi, on sale first and thirdI Tuesdays of each month with finall return limit vfteen days from date ofsale. For further information, call onI or address,1 J. K. SMITH, T. A.,! or'W. H. HARRIS, Agt.PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.LVe. Court House. Lve. Station 547:10 a m 7.15 a m7.45 a m 8.00 a m8.15 a m . 8.30 a m8.45 a m 9.00 a m.9.15 a m , 9.30 a m9.45 a m 10.00 a m10.15 a m 10.30 a m10.45 a m 11.00 a m11.15 a m 11.30 a m11.45 a m 11.50 a m12:05 p m' 12.15 p m12.45 p m 1.00 p m1.15 p m 1.30 p m1.45 p m 2.00 p m2.15 p m 2.30 p m2.45 p m 3.00 p m3.15 p m " 3.30 p m3.45 p m 4.00 p m4.15 p m 5.00 p m5.15 p m - 5.30 p m5.40 p m ' 5.50 p m6.05 p m 6.15 p m6.30 p m 6.40 p mCity Limits Only:KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERM-INAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave Lexington Leahe ParisFor Paris for Lexington6.00 a m 6:45 a m7:20 a m 7:30 a m8:00 a m t 8:15 a m8:50 a m ' 9:00 a m10:20 am 9:45 a m11:50 a m llfl5 a m1:20 p m 12:45 p m2:50 q. m . 2:15 p. m,3:30 .p m . e 3:45 p m4:20 p m V 4:30 -p m'5:00 p m, . i'BrlS p m .iiiMTTiTf i gH rktal 5latc Victoria Shwtft mfnASMf OriwrtalShtfjb jwwi4MrvnmmmuThe four designs of Cortright Metal Shingles as shown above aremade in any of the following ways :1 . Stamped from Tin-plate and painted Red.2. Stamped from Tm-plate and painted Green.3. Stamped from Tin-plate and Galvanized by ahand-dippkig'process.4. Stamped from special tight-coated Galvanized Sheets.Each and every genuine Cortright Metal Shingle is embossed with thisTrade-mark, " Cortright Reg. U. S. Pat. Off."For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, tMiIIersbprg, Kentucky.BourbonDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street"1 rgaBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.W3$"When th,TofMen's thoughts turn to the problem of heating duringthe coming cold season. They figure to get the mostheat for their money.Try Fox Ridge Coal.Dodson DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St. . Both Phones 140.sZfSSmSssSSsGEO, W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALME8.BOTH'PHONES DAS 137; NIGHT 299.NMHiNaiMiNaiWNParis Odorkss Cleaning Co. iLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your' clothes home,and will wonder why you have- not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.1Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; lonp; 25c.tDON'T DELAY TREATINGYOUR COUGH.A slight cough often becomes serious. Lungs get congested, BronchialTubes: -fill with, mucous- Your vitalityis Teduced, You need Dr. 3all's Pine-Tar-Honey.It sootnes youc irritated,1vttfWA7tJM 1 rwugw,.,i i4W7uv jjuuoqus auu.NMBHiMMHiiifliWLaundry fWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous for fine work and itdever goes bBck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatesLeaves Beginlurn .'nnfnl-lw rl!ru 'PKnwTTiaHaTn. flora Mh3-clea. Nearalcia. Backache. Headache anlall ultil Vntir ntrtnuv Viartf If it IMM tO r 'lieTa ar icbe in asy part of tbe bob. S;ilteen minutes time. ..JTricm Oe. JLt 4LU JjrugwFim mmI aaa rfraafer Mt a m".JREMSOT COWPMTtI St,stgxCCCrwr 7 Y?mm01 , , .i ' "3,Hun'jt-: -.,.tKfifcv V. ' . ?ifsm&.-..Lmr "" ; .-U, j. 3:. T"91 ,SJTOiSJSl,.?nr.iaS$ ;- - l j- Kt-,"-ji if .;i - - . -... aj;j. . - i " t .Lf . 'fftLiLi. " i- t -r. j T!C jksz-qrAtf -. 'M jX-v ITT . JFj luaMMT 41- JKV,.r' . i '. e Ki7 FT t . AC -o- - 'r.l i ' j amWhA:. . . : 4 r jr-yt " vr-. . ,tojfci,r:x&kxr.vVlQUKMt EAifetY, Nyyy' i jjii, M'fagg-ii y- T 'i j"EiWXHIll.. .n v " - i -n - - jfrui and Shade Trees, Shrubs,Grape Vines, Rhubarb, Asparagus, Peonies, Phlox,Roses, Etc.Everything for Orchard, Lawnand Garden.ho Agents. Free Catalogs.I F. HILLENMEYERa sonsLexington, KentuckyJfoclmCurtis SOverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Palronage Solicited.fewBarberSliopCorner Fourth and MainModern Equipment,Polite Service. -Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Ofllce Phones ! S E .1?S( xxuiut; iou.E. T. 334.Residence jHome 334.DR. A. II KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld-gParis - - KentuckyJ. S. Walliiigfurd, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,llcrcfSl ' . L C "!T J. 'WIIiLilAMS,) ATTORNEY-AT-LAWOffice, Basement of Court House.Bank Row Entrance.JCANCER CUREDidertake; 20 years practice; ref-erencej any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH, Ji Paris, Ky.JWHYtpV' chances 'withr your fowls?Bourbon Poultry CurIs abselate and quick death to jthe germs ot roup, cows anaother Infectious diseases, afew drops in the drinking -water! kills the disease germs and pre-, vents sickness. One 50c ooruemakes 32 gallons ot meoicine.At drngjrists, or by mail, postpaid. Vaicable poultry book: free.B0C1LCX KOBDY C0 Lexi" Ij.Notice.Your fodder in the loft, eom in the'rib no trouble to yon. Call,SIDNEY G. CLAY,'-2t) E. Temu Phone 726.For Rent,ottage on Vine Street, Apply toV JOHN T. HINTON.rv.3ftf)For Sale.3z&2-PonyIony cart.HrJHVZS2TJki -.T"I-V Mofkaerrr MUStmiag, aaon- ,urnnipi4 -. sr ov x .. mmams, -m-wwawi JJtaj axun, . v . JYM',ri.,Sr?i "? "-' uw -" T.T,iflJ9B.. i?'r? wy w. -j. .t ,. -.. , - - w- . farrw,3?nru ?t.v. ii2 v,viM n.vti aiX ' v-a: N.-T 'VTi'a;uttii,MW). v ." . r. w?.K -.';FRANCE DECLARES WAR ONTURKEY.London, Nov. .6 France now hasformally declared war on Turkey, andher advent may mean increased activity on the part of the allied fleet.TJ.S. DECLARES NEUTRALITYIN WAR ON TURKEY.Washington, Nov. 6. President Wilson today signed a proclamation declaring the neutrality of the UnitedStates in the conflict between GreatBritain and Turkey.GERMANS LOSE 50,000.London, Nov. 6. The correspondent of the Times in Pas De Calaissends the following:"I am credibly informed that theGerman losses in the supreme attackon the British between Ypres and Lilleare well over 50,000."The fighting is still proceeding, butits fury has been spent. The Germanswere repulsed, but it is rather earlyyet to emphasize suggestions of German demoralization."The correspondent of the DailyNews in the north 'of France telegraphs today as follows:"The main fighting is now proceeding further south around Amentieresand on the frontier lines a few mileseast of Nieppe."Lille is burning and battered. Theallies have been in and out of thecity and our shells set the town alightat tiie western end. If We cannothound the enemy out we must drivehim towards Flanders with flame andsmoke."It is reported that Emperor William with his staff is directing thewhirlwind from Tournai, Belgium, withBoulogne and Calais as the object viaHazebrouck and Stonier where, if the! Germans can break' through, there is aclear road to the coast. The battlehere wil not be decided for severaldays."EMPEROR NEAR DEATH BYBOMBS.The correspondent of the "Timesin northern France gives further details of Emperor William's escapefrom bombs at Thielt, Belgium."For five days," says the correspondent, 'Emperor William was at the operations on the Nieuport-Ypres line,Last Sunday the Emperor, with someof his aides, arrived by motor car atThielt, where apartments had beenreserved for him at the hotel andwhere dinner was waiting."The Emperor's personal baggagej already had been deposited in the bedi room in which he was to spend thenight. The Emperor, in his hurry, didt not aress lur uuiuei, aim iuiwcuia.i.ciafter dining, instead of retiring, hurriedly left the tavern with tw6 aidesand motored to the other end of thetown, where other rooms were engaged. "Twenty minutes later six bombsfell on the hotel and the Emperor'sbaggage in his room was completelydestroyed. Two of the aides who hadremained at the ho'tel were killed andtheir motor car, which was waiting inthe yard, was wrecked."IT REALLY DOES RELIEVE RHEUMATISM.Everybody wiio :s afficted withRheumatism in any form should byall means keep a bottle of Sloan'sLiniment on hand. The minute yo"feel pain or soreness in a joint ormuscle, bathe it with Sloan'sLini-'ment. Do not rub it. Sloan's penet.mt.ftss almost immediately right tothe seat of pain, relieving the hot,"ender, swollen feeling and makingthe part easy and comfortable. Get abottle of Sloan's Liniment for 25 centsof any druggist and have it in thehouse against colds, sore and swollenjoints, rheumatism, neuralgia, sciaticaand like ailments. Your money backif not satisfied, but it does give almost instant relief.(Nov.) adv.. Her own output.Madge "You shouldn't say he's aj confirmed bachelor unless you know."1 Marjorie But I do Know; l connrmeaj him." New York Times.j .JDESPONDENCY DUETO INDIGESTION.It is not at all surprising that persons who have indigestion becomediscouraged and despondent. Here area few words of hope and cheer forthem by 'Mrs. Blanche Bowers, Indiana. Pa. "For years my digestionwas so noor that I could only eat thelightest foods. I tried every thingthat L heard of to get relief, but notuntil "about a year ago when I sawChamberlain's Tablets advertised andgot a bottle of them, did I find theright treatment. I soon began toimnrove. and since taking a few bot-ripc nf them mv digestion is fine." Forisale by all dealers.(Nov.) ady.COUTY COURT DAYS.Below is a list of the days CountyCourts are held each month in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawreceourg, 3d Monday.Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, lit Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.iark, "Winchester, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Pendleton, Falmoutn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.. Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Woodford. Versailles. 4th Monday,Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsbujg, 4th MondayFVanklin, Frankfort, 1st MondayrGarrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, "Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, nd Monday. '-Madison, muumuuu, wi, in.wxij.Mason, Maysville, 1stMeQr, Jiarrodsburjr,,1 dels of Sr&t toljllffand Stattiimarifk s? i ..-'v.i ni re wrtny of Being -Placed on Record: - VThe following "are some of Napoleqn's maxims, taken from H. A. L.Fisher's "Napoleon" in the Home University library:,"Unity of command is a first necessity of war.""Love is the occupation of the idleman, the distraction of the warrior,the stumbling block of the sovereign.""The first' quality of a commander-in-chiefis a cool head.""He lies too much. One may verywell lie sometimes, but always is toomuch.""A great captain ought to say tohimself, several times a day: If theenemy appear on my front, my rightor my left, what should I do? If hefinds himself embarrassed he is illposted.""When a king is said to be a kindman ''the reign is a failure.""Heart! How the devil do you knowwhat your .heart is? It is a bit of youcrossed by a big vein in which theblood goe& quicker when you run.""The heart of a statesman shouldbe in his head.""High tragedy is the school of greatmen. It is the duty of sovereigns toencourage and spread it. Tragedywarms the soul, raises the heart, canand ought to create heroes.""Bleeding enters into the combination of political medicine.""The vice of our modern institutions is that they have nothing whichappeals to the imaginations. Man canonly be governed through imagination. Without it he is a brute.""Conscription is the eternal root ofa nation, purifying its morality andtraining all its habits.""I legard myself as probably themost daring man in war who has everexisted.""Love of country is the first virtueof civilized man.""There are only two nations Eastand West,"Where Does Goodness Dwell?When a vicious young millionairelike Harry Thaw runs amuck throughhis crude and evil environment wesigh and say, "His money ruined him. 'When a poor young woman abandonsher weary frugalities for the questionable pleasures of prostitution, wesigh and say, "Her poverty drove herto it." Where, then, does goodnessdwell? What part does honor play?.The Sieur de Joinville, in his memoirsof Saint Louis, tells us that a certainman, sore beset by the pressure oftemptation, sought counsel from thebishop of Paris, "whose Christianname was William." And this wise William of Paris said to him: "The castleof Montl'hery stands in the safe hearto'f France, and no invading hosts assailit. But the castle of La Rochelle inPoitou stands ou the line of battle.Day and night it must be guarded from!assault, and it has suffered grievously, jTOi,i.i, n .u;ir u i.J-iWhich gentleman, think you, the kinghnlflci hifh in fnvnr tlio onvomnr nt-iMontl'hery or the governor of La Ro-ichelle? The post of danger is thepost of glory and he who is sorelyAvounded in the combat is honored byGod and man." Agnes Repplier, intne Atlantic.Studies Italy's Thrift.Simon W. Straus, president of theAmerican Society for Thrift, is studying methods of thrift used in Italy.He has been surprised to learn thatin the last 30 years savings in Italyhave more than quadrupled, havingrisen from $268,600,000 to 1,200 milliondollars. The chief means of inducingthrift are the ordinary savings banks,which number about two hundred,with nearly three million depositors,whose deposits total 500 million dollars, and the post ofllce savings bankswith an average of six million depos-1itors, whose savings amount to 450million dollars. The remainder off the jsavings are held by co-operative so- jcieties of credit and by the savingsdepartments attached to the state-Jpawnbrokers' establishments.Robinson Crusoe in Trouble.T3 Uirovi Otll rrtrt Ttrnn r np 4- rl TTT tUUJ1UBU" vV" " "u ujDetective Kracke on a warrant charg-ing him Avith failing to provide for a? . !,,, ,. ! o rtwi,imuui v-anu, sajo mc oaii viauusvoiChronicle."Is that your realname;askedPrison Keeper Smith."Sure. But nobody believes me.""What do you know of Defoe?""Never heard of him. Is ne theone who had me arrested?''"Take him away," said Smith.Crusoe was arrested on the warrant which was obtained from Judge iSullivan by his wife, Mrs. LillianCrusoe, 1485 Pine- street. n her complaint she alleged ihat Crusoe hadfailed to makejany provision for theironly child, Muriel, four years of age.Buying Crimean Clothes.The weather, as an English military correspondent points 'out, mayhave a great effect on the war. It isnecessary, therefore, that abundanceof warm clothing be provided for thesoldiers. But we have not alwaysthought of this. In the Crimean warthe British troops suffered terriblyfrom the cold until some clothinggenius invented a pilot jacket ofsheepskin. So many of these weremade that after the war there was asurplus of some thousands, whichwere"ept in stock for quite thirtyvunr? wriAn itip.v xvprfi Knin nv ftiicJ"7 ..... ....-v.; ., -, .,tion and. found their way 'into city1st Mondav. , ' - .i . t rfl Tunneling CatskUls'' fbv "Edward Ti from tythsviyou sit. UknoWrja "Jten iatcMUUU&V.' oilrt, ohnno iiIiCkf- thQV 'woro oocror. ul .iuC.i.. i""""'"- ij.ue,mu.,uiiu xuu vxt i Duuicwuica-- VW i fc. .;t iv faiiiiDueu uu wlo uutciuch. uuuuwu ij-..... w . .' s -fz ,... -n .'.. t ex.. i i-. i'a- it.it. JMANLOOKEDi.A TO'Why Reptile Refrained From Striking. Is Something of a Mystery,Though Its Precarious Position May Explain It.There is a saying down on the broad iMojave desert, where the burningsands conceal many dangers, that notrue son of the greasewood wasteswill pass up a rattler. Strong as isthe lure of gold which so irresistiblyholds the prospector on his search,there is none who will not stop anhour or half a day to kill the deadlyfoe of the gold hunter.There is a story which will beartelling and it is comparatively new.It happened in San Bernardino county. The man to whom the experiencecame is noted the desert over for histruthfulness. He has been bitten twice.His name is George Branch. Quiet,unassuming; with a laugh at what hetermed a joke on the snake, he toldthe story on a recent trip to San Francisco: "I was hiking along with Jack andJennie and Joe, my three burros, whenI ran across an outcropping that lookedgood and in a country I ' knew wasamong the best there is on the desert.So we four struck camp right there andI began sinking a shaft to get a lookat the inside."I had little timber, but managedto get enough over to the workingsto put down, a good ladder and keepthe shaft open. The grub ran shortand I had to hit the 'trail back formore. It took about a week. When Ireturned I started down in the mine todo a half day shift, hitting into camp alittle before noon. 1 wasn't payingmuch attention to anything except getting down the ladder. My candle sheda pretty small light for all the darkness at the bottom of the hole."I was passing the last set of timbers and when they were opposite myshoulder I flashed my candle to theleft to see if there was any sign ofsettling. Just as I was turning aroundto look on, the other side I heard,about three inches from my ear, thebuzz 'of a rattler."It sounded more like a bell rattlethan I ever heard them before. It wasso close it almost scared me into losing my grip on the ladder. In thehalf second I stayed there I saw every scale on the snake and his wickedlittle eyes and his fangs and dartingtongue. Maybe it was the light of thecandle that confronted him and maybe it was something else that kept himfrom striking. But all that lad wouldhave had to do was to reach out acouple of inches to get me on "thecheek and I would have had no chanceto stop the poison from doing itswork.I asked a college professor after-"""I , 1 ? a-a t3USt hcT he ,0US 1 did it. Iaont remember. But m about twoI was out on the sur-face a"d listenine VV bU2Zaway aown in tne siiart. Tiie professor said there was something thatalways made a man in an emergency Ido just the right thing. ,"I got a stick and poked him off thetimber and killed him by droppingrocks into the shaft. He was fourfeet long and had sixteen rattles. Hehad slid down the incline of the shaft 'and rolled on a four-inch beam. Ithink he was afraid of falling or hewould have struck.'Slip of the Key.When Frank JMandel first submitted the manuscript of his play, "TheHigh Cost of Loving," to A. H. "Woods,it was entitled "The High Cost ofLiving." It did not take t'he theatrical manager long to discover that"The High Cost of Living" was wellworth the price. He saw Lew Fieldsin the star role, and as the plot un- jfolded he saw greater possibilitiesand within a few minutes after he 'had read the last page he was dictat-!! ing a letter of acceptance. Perhaps .Mr. "Woods was still laughing over thefunny situations, hen he was dictat-i ing that letter.It may have been'o" is next to "i" onf, , .. 7offoj ... ,. .. . ,, , ". . . .. .na .. ,, , . . ' ' .as Jt ma. when tne managerNcame to. . n . ., . . . . j.j.OJfoii IUD CIJIJOLIC u.ia vjujvjq. guc ueicufcr? hn fof v,of un ;n ' i, t t." ir " ""T VT. . .. c , L"c VI mgii ost oi living was cnangea to ;"High cost of Loving." It seemed likeWHILE' CtilNGING - rV. O. T 1 w WW in' m?LADDER IN MINE. - !! -'- 1 ' '' ibeen more appropriate, and tlen and ?d one of tlie m?st moaer11 telethere the new play was christened ' phoning systems in the world and"The High Cost of Loving." when it is damaged we spare neiTh PItri Pi IThis is the electric era. Back in thecenturies that are past we had- thestone age, the ice age, ''etc., but theelectrical age is purely trie utilizationof natural forces by the genius of man.In the 25 years last past probablygreater progress has been made inelectrical power development than inany othen sphere of human activity.This has been done by scientific conversion of power represented in theflow of wate.r to an Invisible currentto almost everything that requiredpower, light or heat. Twenty-fiveyears ago there were no trolley cars,no-street cars propelled by electricity.This silent, but potent force wasknown, but little used. In a quarterof a century it has come into generaluse. Naturally, the first developmentof electric power.was at the source-ofthe greatest quantity of power any-. fw i na on eartn xne irausIS THE TIMMlTo Bay Yonr Fallv Ifr' I' rFcld's Shoe Store;OnlMainStreet Between Sixth and Seventh.WALTER MARTINNEW LIVERY STABLE IfNew Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.Horses Boarded ByHauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Our stables on, Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streeplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTINStablesEigthSt, MainfSt.wj&S!iBell TelephoneBulletinsfm10 CAUSESA telephone plant, no matterlovr -well it may be constructed, issubject to damage by the elementsat all times. In the summer electrical storms often put telephonesout of commission. One bolt oflightning can completely destroya cable containing two hundred ormore pairs of wires. This frequently happens. In the winterseason sleet and snow storms playhavoc with our lines and cause notonly heavy financial loss, butgrave annoyance.uur svsiem is constructed wixnI -., A -.-a view to witnstancimg xnese ae-struetive storms. We have build-ther time nor money in repairingt'the damage as quickly as possible.The telephone is such a delicateCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYINCORPORATEDTaking Notice.'Sittingup in four days, eh?""Yep." "This is rapid progress. The'doctor said it would be three weeksbefore you could sit up 'and take notice." "But he hasn't seen my prettynurse."A man is so ornevv that he is realproud when he discovers that he can'tquit smoking. -' .VrtVi Inoti't- c.rtU-iTvrtc.LlwmrQ" foilTand Winter Shoes. ;ine only tning yon mwant to know is the shoe j,store that sells the mbtfr. fstylish and most reliableshoes shoes that lookgood and are good andgive you satisfaction inevery respect. This shoestore isERNEST MARTIN vi -Day, Week orMonth!Transfer Busi-r?BROS.$Both Phones56.vf rOF TROUBLEinstrument that it is largely- affected by the elements. Our sub- - -scribersare reasonable enough, notto blame ns for annoyances caused -bytne elements. "When the light? -ning or.-a sleet storm or any. other" 5occurrence puts your telephone. outof service it does not mean, thatour entire system here is disrupt-ed. Tours may be only one of afew telephones affected, and all -your neighbors and friends are- ,probably receiving the usual gooiD .Tservice.We appreciate the annoyance of"being unable to use the telephone . " 1no matter what the cause. For tHi -reasonour energies are always exerted to the utmost to make- r rprompt and efficient repairs.Prompt reports of troubles help uv , "to put the propermachinery into -1motion quickly.- ' - - -'- - rrA New View. ,l"What a nice, kind man Nero ira!"What? Why, the wretch fiddM walls 'Rome burned!" "I Imow it. JJa'dprobably waited all his life fcchance when he wouldn't distUorVaiyone." , . ', IMPORTANT. , '.-": Bear, in mind that - Chalw6rtta'T'sblafa Tinf n1v!-mftv tho Hft wrnW'-li ' ? ,TOYrth pptiteiit strnftlf ;9e0 wkm by ail amlet'"'X- r.'-&iv ,V&-!,r?.. " .f4r?h-.-". 5 'i--tv -V"J4" Mmftmi&&'&'a'A"-7Rill51I?4?' X5,Av r-Vaiiim"KSpBTHE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS KENTUCKY,EnsKsasaaBetw!&;.5r.mimiiiini km i ii 1 1 ii wi n n u i mis it ii unif( TK -Bourbon NWWolf, Wife & Go.formerly JftTaufman, Straus dc Co,xi.grxXXKy-COATS AT $10.00For Women and cTWissesAn 'extraordinary offer in gray and brotfn mixture Coats, alsosolid colors. Seventy-five brand new garments just received, allare cut on the newest lines, made of splendid quality warm winter materials and a genuine bargain at $10.00.COATS AT $1.5;00.rFine qualities in gray, brown and green mixtures, Persian lambcleths, broadcloths, zibelines and kerseys, also neat plaids andchecks.Established 881-S2 Years oftinouous Publication.Con-SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and, Owner.JHE STOCK LAW.Amsmmmaagmr Ffl r k .. Hkv lw w.LVJ- j JLN iOParis Kentucky."Jk V"V"ltlerode" Bi"Jhnd) UnderwearImportant Announcement. -NOVEMBER9th TO 14thare dates to be carefully noted by our patrons. On these -daysthe "Merode" Underwear Selling Week will be held the great annual offering of Women's and Children's Underwear from new and"complete stocks of this noted brand.The universally acknowledged worth of this Standard Brand issuch that it may be purchased on sight with the assurance of complete satisfaction in the wearing.We sell "Merode" Underwear because we know that every garment represents twenty-five years of conscientious endeavor on thepart of the makers. We have in stock a representative selection-that will meet the demands of the mo'st critical. The special offering described herein merits your particular attention.A SPECIAL VALUE.By a special arrangement with the makers we are enabled tooffer one of the best and most popular "Merode" numbers at substantially reduced prices for this' One Week OnlyNovember 9th to I4th"MERODE" NO. 506 FOR WOMEN.A seasonable weight made from -finest bleached white cotton. .In all the popular shapes adapted to the prevailing styles of dress.Regular 50c Vests, Drawers and Tights at , .35cExtra Sizes 50 Cents" ft " "Regular $1.00 Union Suits at ,. ..;.. 75cExtra Sizes $1.00.County highways will be free fromroaming stock if the new law now ineffect is observed. Stock is not permitted to wander on the county roads.Any stock caught so roaming or inany other farmers' field, can be takenup by the person finding them andheld for the payment by the owner ofstipulated fees the same as poundfees are collected here in town.But perhaps the most importantgood effect of the law will be the saving to farmers in fencing. Now allfields, except those in which cattleare to be confined, can be left unfenced and it is expected that in thenext few years thousands of dollarswill be saved in this way to the farmers of the county. And even in building t fences for keeping stock inbounds only a few strands of wirewill be necessary as compared with"the close and expensive fences thatare now built. Fencing against hogsis that matter that gives farmersmosti trouble, and with every hogowner being forced toi keep his hogssecurely fenced on his own, place, hisneighbors will not have to protectthemselves against the porkers. Ina word, every farmer now will build' fences to enclose his own stock and? i not to snut out mat oi nis neignDors.IWORTH WATCHING.From items in the Central Kentuckypapers the information is gleaned thatin most nrmntip.R the hpmn r.rnn isX practically a thing of the past. At, the same time we see that the Gov't : ernment is buying $50,000 worth of4. J hemp from a firm over in Bourboncounty and that the Federal Depart-i ment of Agriculture is insisting thatthe hemp crop in the United Statescan be increased to the financial advantage of the growers. Isn't it jus'tpossible that some of our Bluegrassfarmers are making a mistake in permanently passing up this long-time favorite staple of the Kentucky fields?I It might pay them to keep an eye on3..tue nemp situation. estate journal.NOTICE!WOLF, WILE & CO.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Kentucky4Get your Hunting License beforeyou go into the field, and avoid thepossibility of arrest.(10-lt)SOMETHING TO WORRY ABOUT.Some sweet day Paris will have amoving picture theatre where everybody will have a good chance to seeevery inch of the picture on thescreen. Hats will be really barred!!4'I"I-I"I"I"I"I'I..I.I.iI.4..I..H.H.f' 4ft.iifrinMNEW PROCESS HEATER.rTHE BEST HEATER AND RANGE-EVERY LOAD GUARANTEED.Let the New Process Gas Heater.'do your heating. Sold byA. F. WHEELER & CO.Get the New Process Gas Range j We guarantee every load of coal4 Heater from the leading stove ' . " -. , ., -. to give- satisfaction. Phones 336.A. F. WHEELER & CO. (15-tf)J. H. BATTERTON.NEW SAUERKRAUT.Heinz's new sauerkraut, 5c lb. "(6-tf) a. w. cottingham:twwwwwtwwww wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww-4Embry (3& Co,o4nnounce Their.Readiness to Showj& $&.&..ft-New Winter c7WillinerySEspecially Designed For .4.Weddings, Receptions and r ..Theatre Wear, "K"t-.nsi. s-tEntirely new effects trimmed with fur,paradise, plumes, goura and other handsomenovelties.A distinctive feature will be the greatvariety of. styles shown. In all thiscollectionof dressy" hats no duplicates wil be seen: -Embryo G& Co.t!SPECIAL SALEOFSuits, Coats, DressesAnd Ladies' Ready-To-Wear GoodsinI have just returned from New York, where I succededbuying an. elegant assortment of high class Suits, Coats and tmm .9s9 cat. siiicii ivauiy muw Ji ii. I n:as Will oe put On Sale Tat once at prices that the ladies of Paris cannot help butappreciateLadies' Suits$15.00 Suits at $ 7.5020.00 Suits at 12.5025.0 Suits at 17.5030.00 and $35.00 Suits at. ..'... . 22.5040.00 and $45.00 Suits at 29.5G50.00 and $65.00 Suits at 37.50Ladies' Coats$15.00 Coats at $ 9.9820.00 Coats at 14.5025.00 Coats at ' 19.7535.00 Coats at 24.50Ladies' Dresses$ 7.50 Dresses at $ 3.9812.50 Dresses at 7.5015.00 Dresses at 9.9820.00 Dresses at 14.5025.00 and $30.00 Dre'sses at 19.75Ladies' Skirts$ 5.00 Skirts at $3.987.50 Skirts at 4.9810.00 Skirts at 6.9812.00 and $15.00 Skirts at 9.98Children's Coats$ 5.00 Coats at $3.987.50 Coats at 4.9810.00 Coats at 7.5012.50 Coats at 9.50Crepe and MessalinePetticoatsAll Shades.$2.50 Petticoats at $1.694.00 Petticoats at 6.695.00 Petticoats at -. 3.50Ladies' and Children'sRain CoatsChildrens $500 Raincoats at $3.98Ladies $7.50 Raincoats at 4.98Ladie's $12.50 Raincoats at 9.98Children's Wash and WoolDresses$1.50 Wash Dresses at $ .982.00 Wash Dresses at 1.252.50 Wash Dresses at 1.753.00 Wash Dresses at -1.983.50 Wool Dresses at 2.48-,5.00 Wool Dresses at 3.98Ladies'Trimmed Hats$ 5.00 Hats at $3.507.50 Hats at 4.5010.00 Hats at - 6.9812.50 Hats at 7.9815.00 Hats at 9.98MARRY SI MO INPARIS, KENTUCKYTHEATRICAL.COLUMBIA THEATRE.Wednesday, Nov. 11 "The MillionDollar Mystery"Episode No. 18. "Trapped by TheFlames" The Prinpess Parlova arrives in America. The newsp.'3ersannounce a wonderful masked ball tobe given by her. Norton and Florenceare surprised to receive invitations.Joyously, they select their costumes.Unsuspected, Braine and CountessOl ga spy on them. In the orientalsplendor of the masked ball thetreachery of the Black Hundred stalks.Florence is seized. Her disappearance is discovered excitement prevails. A terriftlc explosion follows andagain Norton is the heio of the hour.In connection with the above a twopart (Eclair) drama will be shownentitled "Boy"."Boy," vividly portrays tliB supremeaffection which is felt by a man andwoman for a child a boy. (Adv.)COMING TO THE COLUMBIA..ySioin Street, EastriLexington, Ky.it; 1frNjK?AVtSfi;r.kAAiVy-rv, . j-..$j,j?.V,-H "'AYA.,,- A. VB yA . . - jh, s.r .r-MMM ; ffy"The Trey 'O Hearts," There's anunusual situation a human interestelement a curious unexpected twistI anrl fhrill tn (verv Hiia nf th& stnrvand every foot of the pictures. Therehave been other strong novels, andthere have been other good movingpictures, -but this well,! left's haveyour own, opinion. "The Trey O'Heart" was written by Joseph LouisVance author of the "Brass "Bowl,""The Black Bag," "The Lone Wolf,"etc. See the pictures at The Columbia. (Adv)The Columbia To-mortow."The Million Dollar Mystery"Episode No. 18. "Trapped By TheFlames." The Princess Parlvoa ar-rives in America. The newspapers announce a wonderful masked ball to begiven by her. Norton and Florence aresurprised to receive invitations. Joyouslv. they select th'r costumes. Unexpected, Braine and Countess Olgaspy on them. In the oriental splendorof the masked ball, the treachery ofthe Black Hundred stalks. Florenceis seized. Her disappearance is discovered excitement prevails. 'A terrific explosion follows and again Norton is the hero of the hour. Adv.The Alamo, Wednesday.To-morrow Wednesday, November.11th, the All Star Corporation presents"Ethel Barrymore" in a flye act motion picture "The Nightingale" byAugustus Thomas. Miss Barrymore istoo well-known to all theatregoers to-need any introduction, her reputation,based on the quality of her acting, herversatility, her adaptability, and herwonderful portrayal of the characterswhom she represents has made her ahousehold word in all parts of theworld. This is Miss Barrymore's irrstappearance in the motion picture field,but she will lose no whit of her magnificent prestinge in fact, she will gainby her presentation of Isola; the littlestreet arab who rises from the position02 singer with' her father's- grind organthroughmany trials and advenurs.tobeeome one 'of the foronaiwfcGrsuid1'"A CRAZY SUPPER."The ladies of the Little Rock Christian Church will give a very uniqueentertainment at the church, on Saturday evening, Nov. 14, in the form of"A Crazy Supper." The menu comprises well-known table delicious listed under brain-puzzling titles, and thefun will be in ordinary from the menuand not knowing what you will receive. For instance, ifl you order"Woman's Weapon" and "Tender Laysof Spring" you will be astonished whena pretty waitress brings you "Tongue"and "Eggs."NOTICE!Get your Hunting License now andbe ready for an early start, there willbe a rush at the last minute.' (10-lt)HELP WANTED MALE.Catholic Solicitors at oenc.T. FALLON,809 Main St.(11 Nv. It)LOCAL OPTION CONTESTUNDER CONSIDERATION.Reading of depositions in the localoption contest was begun in . theCounty Court room yesterday beforethe Contest Board composed of CountyJudge McMillan and Magistrates Martin and Turner. Arguments were madeand the case submitted.CONTAGIOUS DISEASES CAUSECLOSING OF SCHOOL.The prevalance of diphtheria andscarlet fever among the school children in the Little Rock vicinity has:caused the closing of the Little RockGraded School until the danger offurther spread of the disease ias.passed.SAVE YOUR COAL BILLS.When you get ready to lay in yourwinter coal we can save you monev..Phones 336.(15-tf) J. H. BATTERTON."BLACKLEG" IN NICHOLASThe County Live Stock Inspector reports that black-leg has been discovered to be prevalent In, the county. Vaccination, which is the only means bywhich the spread of the disease maybe prevented, is urged.Notice to Creditors.All persons having claims againstthe estate of J. J. Peed, deceased, willpresent same properly approved to meat Millersburgv-Ky. All persons owing:estat9 will please call and settle. ,, RUTH E. PEED,AdministratrixEstate of J. J. Peed, deceased.(10-1 mo.)ww WWWWWWwWv WWW. WWwWwWwUwJ216BIG SPECIALSSaturday, Nov. 14, Onlu,Lbs. Best StandardGranulated Sugar:-4 1$1.00PotatoesExtra Fancy,Per BushelOr 17c a Peck.75cNow is the time to lay in; your winter supply of potatoes. The first cold snap will raise the price.Onr entire stock of Shoes, also heavy Dry Goods andLadies' Ready-Made Garments at a great sacrifice to makeroom for an enormous stock of Holiday Goods.BUSY BEE 6ASfl STORE1?Qlra3krs. O J XMgft-H'frlfinwll8fwWlWWHW:K.iWrrCi-' IJ' rf 4? ' (- ' ? .jr. xy)''vrsv!?L.sfcv-Pit4 &v:.: ,-& i, VUJ&vi&tHGkvWXZ.1, sfealX,.ir?&VvwiuWfcJf k .THE BOURBO HEWS ?B$, laTWCt, NOVEIiBER lo, W14.jEi.F5ii. 1i 4-V ."jfci.V,HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEOGLANDraaunflL'',Readers of the BourbonNews will confer a favor ifthey will call No. 124, bothphones, and telephone us anyitems of news they may learn,particularly the coming andgoing of visitors. If youhave guests, show them thecourtesy of giving their namesto our paper.rr-i iivnrv ta niiFLA-W" -' ,The county tax lists iare now ready- Pay;vour taxes bcforcDc-cember 1, and savejfthe six per cent. pen-4artv that will attach jon all unpaid taxes .in that date- ' T,v p TALROTT i Mr- Jonn Mallory left last weekV -rr o iT " - lor a business trip through Kansas.SheritT DOUrbOn COUnty. j Miss Belle Horton is visiting rela-5 tives in Cincinnati, O., and Maysville,Ky.Mr. Fred Anze, Traveling Passenger Agent of the Rock Island Lines,was a business visitor in Paris, Friday.Mr. C. H. Barr, of Oklahoma City,Oklahoma, is a guest of Mr. C. H.Dalzell and family, near North Middletown. The Maysville Daily Independantsays: "Mr. Claude Crowe and familywill shortly move to Paris to maketheir future home."Mrs. Geo. M". Bedford, of Memphis,Tenn., who has been a guest of Mrs.Moria Bedford, is now a guest offriends in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Carroll, ofLouisville, have arrived 'to be theguests of Mr. and Mr3. James H.Thompson, near this city.The Young Ladies' Mission Circleof the Christian church will meet withMrs. Watson Judy, at her apartmentsj in the Robneel building, this afternoon.Mr. and Mrs. Roger Clark havegone to Madisonville, where Mrs.Clark's mother and grandmother areill. Mr. Clark returned home yesterday.Mrs. Curtis Henry had a very seri-performdays ago at DrSWEATER COATS.Sweater Coats of the finest wool,from $2.50 to 10.t) J. W. DAVIS & CO.GOES TO NEW ORLEANS.Mr. Clark Wilson left Friday forflew Orleans, where he has secured aclasical position in the constructiondepartment of a big railroad contracting firm. Mr. Wilson is a son of Mr.and Mrs. David Wilson, of Paris, andis a lapable and energetic young man.HOW TO SAVE MONEY. ,Buy a New Process Gas Heaterand ilapge, fromA. F. WHEELER & CO.SPECIAL RACE TRAINPASSES THROUGH SUNDAY.A special train of ten palace horsecars carrying thoroughbred horsestiat have been racing at the Latoniatrack, passed through Paris Sunday ous operation for mastoidso fhe L & N. bound for Charleston, ; ed a few.. c, where the winter meeting opensit Palmetto Park on December 2.COUNTRY SORGHUM.Pureoer.(It)country sorghum the bestC. P. COOK & CO.DECIDES FOR MR. KRIENER.Judge Stout yesterday decided thefriendly suit brought by Mr. N. Krienerto recover possession of $37,500 inrotes alleged to be his property andteld by the State Banking Commissioner in the case of the defunct Geo.Alexander & Co., State Bank. JudgeStout decided that the notes belongto Mr. Kriener and must be returnedto him.linr.nitnl in Cinr.innnti. rirul . erptHii.ralong nicely. unchanged.Mr. Harry O'Brien, who has been a I Lexingtonguest of his brother, Mr. James M.O'Brien, and sister, Miss Julia O'Brienfor several days, left Saturday forBaltimore, Maryland.-Dr. and Mrs. Geo. L. Rankin, areHe'nry Weather, Brown Buchanan aftdB.-F." Stipp. - v' -", lMrs. Henry J. Groache has returned from a Tisitt torelp.tiyes in Dayton,Ky.Mr. Albert Hihton is at Martinsville, Indiana, .for treatment forrheumatism.j Mr. and Mrs. Frank White rej turned last night from a visti tofriends in Cincinnati.Mr. J. Q. Quinsenberry, who hasbeen very ill at his home f Bright'sdisease, shows no improvementMr. Bruce Mille r, of the Ken-tuckian-Citizen,is a guest of his sister, Mrs. Allie Preston, in Ashland.Mrs. W. H. Harris is at homeafter a visit to relatives, in. Chicago,accompanied by Miss Jean Scudder,of Chicago.Mr. George M. Kiser, of the Winchester Sun, was a guest of his mother, Mrs. Allen M. Kiser, in this city,from Saturday to Monday.Mrs. Wickliffe has returned toher home in Lexington after spendinga week with her sister, Mrs. GeorgiaSpears, on Mt. Airy Avenue.Mr. W. H. Anderson, Sunerintend-ent of the L. & N. is visiting relativesin Parkersburg, West Virginia.Mr. Edward Woods, son of Mr.and Mrs. Jack Woods, has accepted aposition in the office of Mr. GeorgeWilder, Yardmaster of the L. & N.Miss Florence Fee is visiting hersister, Mrs. Harry Booth, in Louisville.She will go from there to Hot Springs,Ark., for a visit to her aunt, Mrs. Geo.Sun.Mrs. Robert L. Stout arrived yesterday to join her husband, JudgeRobert L. Stout, who is presiding atthe November term of Bourbon Circuit Court.Mrs. George W. Stuart has returned from Crawfordsville, Ind., whereshe has been at the sick bedside of hersister, Mrs. Albert Miller, who is greatly improved.The condition of Miss Nettie Oliver, the trained nurse, who has beenHolmes' seriously ill of typhoid fever at thei.mooi .uci-iuiidi nujMisi, remains3ftawnALWAYS" SOMETHING DOIfG.The bigl05-pound, sea turtle whichhas been on exhibition in the s'nowwindow of the Stout's Cafe haviriggone "into the soup" its place has beensupplied by a mammoth Bourbon County pumpkin, weighing 85 pounds." Inthe classic language of Dr. "BiJfVSmith, "it's as yellow as gold and assweet" as a Paris Maiden's first Kiss."The giant pumkin was raised by Mr.A. P. Adair, and is one of the largestspecimens of cucuvbita pepo everseen here.The huge golden globe is adornedwith the following poetical gem, theauthor of which "Kid" refuses to reveal: "DUROC PUMPKINCultivated byA. P. ADAIR."When the frost is on the pumpkinAnd the pumpkin's on displayIt's natural for folks to ask. "What does the darn thing weigh?"Here's the Answer 85 pounds."Twill be cut for Ham and RamsayAnd for Ram and Hamsay, too;But if jxu wish to try a sliceThere's still enough for you."toHOUSEKEEPERS.Get the New Process Gas Heaterand Range the kind that saves youmoney and work!A. F. WHEELER & CO.?By--jjS v-irf v . "mi." . nwrnmseammmljMiiWigipjSif '-The Clkirke's jeiiiediest I fWe now own all the patents an d copyrights of the late Dr.Chas. J. Clarke. Dr. Upington will continue .to put up these reliable remedies under the original Clarke formula, and we willhave them in stock at all times.Among the best known are Clarke's Nerve Ease, Clarke's Tonic, Clarke's Face Powder, Parisine Cream, Clarke's Tooth Wash,and Clarke's Cough Medicine.Also the following Poultry and Live Stock Remedies: Clarke's,Limberneck and Roup Remedy, Clarke's Liquid Poultry Tonic,Clarke's Gape Remedy, Condition Powder for Stock, -and Clarke'sHog Remedy. -,We want to supply these preparations to their many old friendsand know they are deserving of new friends. We recommendespecially Clarke's Nerve Ease for headache, and neuralgia, andClarke's Limberneck and Roup Remedy foe Poultry disorders?These preparations have all been thoroughly tested and hareproven their merit.Your prescriptions accurately filled.rPARDONED.spending the week with Mr. and Mrs. j Getty."AWARDED CONTRACT.The firm of January & Connell, ofthis city, was awarded the contractfor the tin, galvanized iron work androofing on the Paris Y. M. C. A. building soon to be erected in this city bythe contractors, Cullen & Bryan, ofHamilton, 0.Tuck Current, at Ruddels Mills. Theywill leave on Dec. 5, to spend severalweeks in Eustis, Florida.Mrs. Anna Lucas is visiting inCynthiana. At the conclusion of hervisit there she will go to Texas tospend the winter with her daughter,Mrs. Alfred Washington.Miss Margaret Ardery is a guestof Miss Lucille Huls, at Oil Springs,in Clark County. Miss Huls has justreturned from a visit to Mrs. RoyChambers, in Sardinia, O.Mrs. Carl Wilmott, who has beenin Cincinnati with her mother, Mrs.Shropshire, has returned. Mrs.Herald: "Mr. and Mrs.Oscar Hinton, Miss Carolyn Roseberry, Mr. Charlton Clay and Mr. JohnKreiner, of Paris, come to Lexingtonseveral times a week for instructionin dancing from Mrs. Bronston and MrMrs. H. H. Hancock and daughter,Miss Frances Hancock, and Mrs. MariaBedford left Saturday for Savannah,Ga., to attend the National Conventionof the Daughters df the Confederacy.Mr. Ed J. Glorey, Geo. W. Wilderand son, Ussery, left today for a visitin Shelbyville and in Henry County.Mrs. Wilder will go to Frankfort, tobe with her mother, Mrs. Long, duringMr. Wilder's absence.The Pastor's Aid Society of thePresbyterian church of Clintonvillewill have a sale at Mrs. Corney Baird'son Saturday, Nov. 14th. There will beeverything tempting in the way of de-The public isCHILDREN'S OVERCOATS.Shropshire reo.entlv underwent a successful operation on her eye, andNisMicious things to eatdoing very nicely. cordially invited.Mr. and Mrs. "Jimmy" Viox xwere Carlisle Mercury: "Mrs. W. F.guests, last week, of Mr. and Mrs. i Cheatham was a visitor in Paris, WedEdgar Tingle. Mrs. Viox was formerly i nesday Mrs. S. M. Mill6tt has reMiss Nellie Lovely, of Paris and Lex- turned from a visit to friends in1 ington, a sister of Mrs. Tingle, j Paris . . Little Misses Lucille and -Vir-I"Jimmy1 Vjox, of course, Is well-1 ginia Woodall, of Paris, who have. known here, as everywhere. ' ' been guests of their grandparents,Among the dancers who enjoyed Mr. and Mrs. James Woodall, haveFrazier Whalen, serving a sentencein the Paris jail for carrying concealedweapons has been pardoned by Gov.McCreary. Whalen had served all butfive days of his sentence.Turkey MoneyYour turkey money youryear's hard work, can beinvested to a good advantageby going to the Closing OutSale ofThe Cincinnati store.I The Ardery Drug Co.Clarke's Old Stand.Xf.;4.T.j,tTw.xt;...xt.;.tj..ii.;.T.;..;..wwhere you can buy Clothesand Shoes for the wholefamily at half price. Give us i Ja call and satisfy yourself.Thomas, Woodford& BryanFIRE, WIND AND LIGHTNINGINSURANCEON TOBACCO AND BARNS.THEI A T 'B, FRIEDMAN, Prop. j friaPROMPT SETTLEMENTS.fl'!11!1!'Our Childrens Overcoats are made . the third of tlie series of dances given , returned to their home."oi me nnest material ana uesi wont-, at the prankfort Hotel, in Frankfort, Imanship. A complete line to select pay evening by the Junior Dancingfrom priced right Clubf of Frankfort, were Mr. Davis IUO J- W. DAVIS & CO. ' Hutchcraft and Miss Marie Talbott, of' Paris.NOTICE! -Tior: "TQrtlm "KVrfnisnn anil Mrs. 'AlXl.dJ 4.1.A.UA VfcAVfc A- w0mv- .-- ..PUBLIC SALEWm. Ardery, of this city, attended the 'The Game and Fish Commission is , qni nartv hvph hv the voune ladies 1tJ...U.. i?-j o - ., wOFsending a paid Special Warden intothis county -with instructions to enforce the law.of the Delta Delta Deta Fraternity of' it3.x j-nTransylvania University, and Hamil-1 Ua I riSmte 3110 PCr-i tnn r.nllesre. at Hamilton College, in(10-lt) ' Lexington Saturday evening. . SOIlQl PrOPCflVMrs. Jaynes Savage entertained ; "COLD WAVE HITS PARIS. j Thursday afternoon at her home on Qpj Fifteenth Street, from 3 to 5 o'clock, wxThe beautiful Indian Summer weath-1 with a tea in compliment lo ,pn s MpC'I INTfirK.fr, -which has prevailed in this vicinityfor several wqeks, and which hasSheridan, of St. Joseph, Mo., a cousinof Mr. Savage, and who is also visitingroken all records for recent years, ! Mrs. W. W. Hinton, on Cypress Street. tvas brought abruptlv to an end, appar- The rooms were decorated with grow- (f-i tlv, Sundav, when a cold wave blew ; ing plants and white carnations and ,In for an indefinite stay. Rain fell ' chrysanthemums, green and white be-,nt intervals during the morning and ' ing the color scheme. Mrs. Savage re-1n rip Pariv nffrprnnnn and nhnnt four ceived her guests in the parlor, and.Clock the temperature fell rapidly , standing with her were Miss Sheridan, at uie mock laicis in uuiersDurg thent? it had gorconsWerably below' Mrs Will Judy, of Millersburg, and j node. U sell at public auctionfuzing point. Sunday and Sunday ' Mrs. w. w. mnion. uuiers wuo as-l &ht and yeaterday overcoats,, mack-, sisted in looking after the comfort of-vs. and other outdoor wrans were the guests were Mrs. William J. Bryanand Miss Mary savage, oi Aiuiersuurg.Dainty refreshments were served, andabout forty guests enjoyed the delightful hospitality.-ry much in evidence, and the stays-i-ihad the advantage over the hadb e-cuts.Begining at 1 p. m.t onSaturday, Nov- 21, 1914,at the Stock Yaids in Millersburg theundersignedthe folio win8 acres of land with a first-classwarehouse with good basement, also astable with 4 box stalls.1 good Percheron Stallion.I 4 work mules. ,. 3 yearling mules.The Dansant, which was the so-1 to Jack.1 stud pony.1 good driving mare.2 farm wagons.1 dump part and harness.3 breaking plows.1 McCormick mower.1 Randall Harrow.1 2-hor3e corn planter.'1 2-horse cultivator.1 1-horse cultivator.2 good drags.Single tree and double trees, chainstha ijiscrziirtArz' ""- -J j cjai attraction Saturday afternoon, wasTURKEYS. given in the ball room of the Phoenix,... .- - 1 in Lexington, instead of the main cafe,We Will continue to and a large crowd ofr s0Ciety peoplefecelvc fcU rKCyS. turnedout. Now that the season is bethroughout thfSWeek ginning here, the dances are becomingfor Than kc?ivtne more popular, and under the guidanceMarLriV ,Jf-H f Writ of Mrs. Edith Alexader Bronston andtarkCt, WhlCll IS jn-ther dancing partner, Mr. Roy Getty,Usually early trtlS Did fair to be even more popular thanyear. Price today 1 C ever. Mrs. Bronston and Mr. Gettyfor-fpif- hirkov rfliv-' were warmly received in their exhib-PrpH f-io- i ition dancing and showed some 4new etc-t ?1 V X - w- and graceful steps. In the afternoonv-ndS DrCnt oro. Mn Waller Squires gave the largestJ party of the afternoon. Among theNE YEAR AGO SUNDAY I guests were Mr. and Mrs. StanhopeBLUEGRASS HAD BLIZZARD, j Wiedeman, Miss Carolyn Roseberry'and Mr. Charlton Clay, of Paris.( ne year ago, the second Sunday in The dinner dance in the eveningMember, the Blue Grass region of j was also well attended, many of theKentucky was swept bv a veritable j people staying after the tea dance,blizzard. The snow drifted in places Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Weathers,1 the cold, the first of the season, Mr. and Mrs. Bowen Stipp entertain's intense. I d most delightfully at cards at theManv fnrmiarc nf imcv- nnH Viilpd lmnifi of the latter on Friday evening.tags. "What followed they well re- i v course dinner was served soon after ifce mber and .will hardly repeat the the arrival of the guests, and a numPrformance this year. It turned 1 ber of very interesting games were"-rm again and no freezing weather played. Those preseut were Mrs. Rice'''-owed until almost Christmas. Meat Walker and Mrs. John Hall, of LexLoWed and Jarge consignments pt ington; Mr. and Mrs. F. C. Haley, Mr.cr-sP(1 turkeys for the Eastern mar- and Mrs. A. S. Thompson, Mr. andfor Thanksgiving day, were seized Mrs. William Liver, Mr and Mrs R.yi' rhe Government authorities and I S. Darnaby, Mr. and Mrs. Vardenconfiscated because they were held to Shipp, Dr. and Mrs. W. C. WorthingLe in a partial state of decomposition. I ton, Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Crawford, Mr., and Mrs. Samuel Weathers, Mr.v andHEAVIER UNDERWEAR. .Mrs. Lee Stephenson, JMr. and Mrs.v. s W. R. Stipp, Mrs. Brent Haley, Mrs.5Je for a cSange to heavier under-1 W. W. Haley Mrsi S. L. Weathers,r. Evcrygood-style hereiin wool Mifcses Elizabeth Walker, of Lexing-cotton, priced 'f 50 cents, to ton; Lilly Weathers, Catherine wteath:nc-":.fc tms f- - -' -T fFTAHT 71 extra set of hard-made wagon harness. ,Gear for 6 or 8 'horses.1 large tarpaulin, good as new.25 shocks of corn. ;2 tons of cow peas in barn.Five shares of Carlisle Farmers'Warehouse Stock.PEED & McCLINTOCK.'0 the zariBot ers. M&uAe Prri8fi, Clara Buckaaon,At the ame time and place as administratrix of the late J. J. Peed, i.will sell' the following:35 head of thoroughbred. SouthDown Ewes, also one good buck.1 pair good work mares.1 bull calf.1 heifer calf.1 cow and calf. " x1 cow. t6 head meat hogs.6 shoats.Isled.1 iron roller.1 scraper.1 corn harrow. , '2 good driying wagons and harness,"other things too numerous to men-ion. ' xy k "Terms mad0?nowiLjpnaate otvsaie.' . ' v -Vr RUTttH JB. PEED, j. iu '-:I ffflngdlioifiltttoFilieI home J3SI for jeafiS:iThereforeThat which you buy should be worth buying. We us eevery endeavor to keep a stock of the -Very Best Furniture, Rugsr "Wall Papers -'.'' - ;and will be much pleased to have YOU come arid in- jTrA(vtA Wf lw41 MM(kitv &Adnn nonn 'vlicil c iiaiiuic liLiiit oviivt iiaiiu. j .sTHE J. T. HINTON COMPANY1 n Sr'- sParis, Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance Wood MantelsvMcDougal Kitchen Zahinets.h.mmkPoster Bros. Safety Cri& fiiiiiMMwtiiiM. S1- V;J:'M--l--:5'X ? 7Ut J;&.JAm Z0AKmr. KoiT, J'e Wf)iers,, JR - - - . r-f-Jzif &it.jaiL," ? 4-.uVynf?inTHE BOURBON NEWS,P-myn n;m wwi-SEB9w.iMrniffcl;It)rnsvriiiins,Brm:tiff Muscle:loan's Liniment will savelours of Buffering. For bruiseor aprain it gives instant relief.Jt arrests inflammationand thusprevents more serious troublesdeveloping. No need to rub iti--it acts at once, instantlyjeEeving the pain, howeverawrere it may be.HVc ProofCharles Johnson, P. O. Box 105, LawSm' Station, N. F., unites: "I BprainedI3HT aside and dislocated my left hip byfaXac out of a third story window sixtno ago. I went on crutches for fournm, then I started to use some ofv .liniment, according to your direcm, and I must say that it is helpingwooderfully. I threw my crutchesOnly used two bottles of yourtent and now I am walking auitoA wkh one cane. I never will bo with-Soul's Liniment."All Dealers, 25cmI four cents in stamps for a.TRIAL BOTTLEDr. Earl S. Sloan, Inc.B. Philadelphia, Pa.SLOANSLINIMENTKillsPainMathematical Discovery.According" to an Italian mathematician, every person in the world couldstand comfortably in an area of 500aqmare miles, while a graveyardabout the size of Colorado would buryall of them.,BEST COUGH MEDICINEFOR CHILDREN."Three years ago when I was livingda Pittsburgh one of my children hada hard cold and coughed dreadfully.Tfoa the advice of a druggist I purchased a bottle of Chamberlain'sough Remedy and it benefited him atace. I find it the best cough medi--oiaefor children because it is pleasaat to take. They do not object tolaking it," writes Mrs. Lafayette Tuck,isomer City, Pa. This remedy con--iaiasno opium or other narcotic, andlaay be given to a child as confidently'a to an adult. Sold by all dealers.(Nov.) adv.i"'I"'I"r,"I"?"SMr'"M'$JjtIS'sTli Is I! Worth Insuring? t4 rk i I ap I nnroininAsk us to give you therates. We give especial attention to all farm business.Try us. Call 36 or 171 day,56 night.p?i:W. 0. HINT0N& SON,NEW FIRM.THE; in mm a it :S AllftlllHJll !ix4PEOPLE!Do You Know We Handlethe CelebratedH Detroit Jewelli ; as Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and Electrical" Contractors.Estimates Freely Given.. . Try Us.I SPBEB8GILCHBI5T- ELKSBUILDING.f T,Phone 103ffBWIPhone101!J AHOWUGIIOIIIIU!r&" . KIS W ME BEAUTYCANADA'S ' FAMOUS RAINBOWSTONE MUCH ADMIRED.Mixture of Colors and Its Capacityfor High Polish Are the Two Qualities That Have Brought ItInto Prominence.The gift to Sir Thomas Lipton of amodel in serpentine stone of his newracing yacht has revived interest iuthis beautiful stone, which some yearsago was much in vogue.Serpentine is often found in conjunction with asbestos. Canada produces about nine-tenths of the world'sproduction of asbestos, which is largely used for insulating purposes andalso for weaving into fireproof cloth.In the province of Quebec are to befound the largest asbestos mines inCanada. The production is large, andit is Interesting to note that whereasin 1909 the exports of crude asbestoswere valued at $1,758,057, in 1913the figures had increased to $2,486,769. And in the same province are alsoto be found some of the world's mostbeautiful deposits of serpentine.It was in 1846 that Queen Victoriaand the Prince Consort, when on avisit to Cornwall, England, were shownspecimens of serpentine, which theyadmired so much that several largepedestals made of this stone wereordered for Osborne house.The patronage thus secured broughtserpentine into considerable fashion,and among others who at that timefavored it were the duke of Westminster, who ordered a pair of Luxonobelisks 14 feet in height; the Hon.Pemberton Lee, who bought the firstand finest chimney-piece ever madein this material; and the then duke ofDevonshire, who had several largepedestals and pilasters, unequaled forbeauty and color, made for bis sculpture gallery at Chatsworth.During the rather short-lived boomin serpentine which followed, a manufactory on a large scale of- a greatvariety of household and domestic ornaments, etc., was started at Penzance, which afterwards passed intothe hands of a London company. Serpentine was exhibited at the exhibitions of 1851 and 1862, and wasawarded medals on both occasions.Serpentine, it may be mentioned,gets its name from the variety of thecolors which it presents. These colorsare of the most beautiful and variegated description imaginable, black andgreen, perhaps, predominating, with afrequent mixture of diallage; but thechoicest sorts are generally consideredto be those which show the greatestnumber of tints, and chromatic combinations are as various and many asthe figures in a kaleidoscope.Some wrhen cut and polished' shinewith a metallic green luster on a reddish base. Then there is a rich jeti black, a purple, a brown, a red, crim-son, and bronze, and a cream-colored,striped, dappled, or variously intermixed and blended with one or othertints. It well deserves the name ofrainbow stone.Several of the finest bank and otherbuildings In Canada are beautified bycolumns, pillars, panels, or flooringsof this beautiful and vari-coloredstone, which takes a perfectly exquisite polish.Decision on "Recall" Law.A suit to test the Washington lawfor the recall of officers was heard bythe supreme court of the state inPybus vs. Smith, city clerk, in whichthe plaintiff, a councilman of the cityof Wenatchee, sought to have the cityclerk enjoined from calling a specialelection to submit the question of hisrecall to the voters. It appeared thatthe charge against the plaintiff wasthat he agreed to and did trade voteswith another councilman on matterspending before the common council,but the plaintiff contended that thecharge was not one for which he couldbe recalled. The lower court dismissedthe plaintiff's suit and in affirming thejudgment the supreme court said:"Whether this appellant' could beconvicted of a misdemeanor in ourstate upon the charge here made maybe regarded as somewhat doubtful.But we are, however, of the opinionthat the facts here charged against theappellant, if true, do constitute malfeasance in office on his part, withinthe meaning of that word as used inour constitutional and statutory recallprovisions, and form sufficient legal!cause for submitting to the voters ofthe city the question of his recall anddiscbarge from public office."Keeping Fish.The very best way to keep fish incamp (or anywhere without ice) is toscale, clean and behead them; thenstring them by a corcj, through theirtails and hang them, downward, in adry, breezy, shady place. No fishshould be eaten that have been lyingin the sun or that have begun tosoften. It is in- neglected fish thatptomaine poison forms.Do not put fish on a string to keepin water until you start home. It iEslow and painful death to them. Iiyou have neither live-box nor net withyou, kill and bleed every fish as sood'as caught. The flesh will be mUcfcfirmer and far more palatable. Fistand meat should be hung high in theopen, for it is a curious fact that blowflies work close to the ground and seldom bother food hung over ten feefrom the ground, while it is claimeithat game or nsh suspended at $ jueignt oi zv ieec rui pe immune iron:i bloTF-flles. ,T' v. t i x nRemarkable Changes in Pleasant Relations Calised by Hostilities Be?tween Nations.'Hate and war must go hand in hand.You couldn't go out and shoot yourneighbor to death unless you firsthated him. If circumstances shouldforce you to such a thing you wouldspeedily, by a sort of self-hypnosis,work yourself into a state of mindwhere you honestly believed that killing was entirely too good for him.This is just what the nations in Europe have done, writes Martin Marshall in Leslie's. We read now howthe Germans have despised the English in the past and how the Frenchhave for 44 years longed for revengeon the Germans; of how Belgiumhated the kaiser with the hatred offear, and of mutual antagonisms between Teuton and Serb. These sentiments were partly official and conventional, but mostly imaginary. Thepeople got along pretty well together.Frenchmen did business in Berlin andGermans went holidaying to Paris;London's restaurants were largelymanned by German staffs and Russianpeasants helped to reap the harvestsin Prussia. Educated men in each ofthese nations prided themselves ontheir familiarity with the languages ofthe others, and enjoyed their literature, art and music.Then came war, and all waschanged. Some millions of men weregoing to slaughter each other, andfirst they had to convince themselvesthat they ought to do it. The preliminary era was of window smashing,street demonstrations, trade boycottsand imprisonment of inoffensive nationals of hostile nations. Then Wagner's music was tabooed in Russia andFrance; St. Petersburg must have itsname changed to cleanse it from theloathsome Teutonic-termination; English table sauce disappeared from Berlin restaurants; Paris styles were anathema in Vienna; London pouredMunich beer into the gutters; a Parismagazine started a popular prize contest for the best substitute name forEau de Cologne in short, Europe ranthe .whole gamut of silly, sentimentalhysteria preliminary to shooting ofsuspected spies, the bombardment ofpeaceful villages, the killing of. womenand children, the "strict militaryreprisals" that always occur in warand always shock the victims and theneutrals.Big Pin Monjey.Some of the large dress manufacturers in New York, in whose factoriesa considerable amount of drapingmust be done, find that their bills forpins frequently run as high as $1,500a year. Used only once, the pins areremoved and permitted to fall on thefloor, where they are swept away.Even if gathered up at the day's closethey would be too dirty for use again.A company, tjust starting in business,proposes to effect a saving in the pinitem by taking all the used pins, and,having cleaned and polished them, return them at half what they cost themanufacturers originally. The experiments to produce a clean, refinishedpin entailed over a year's work. Itwas found that if the pins were gathered together by using a magnet theymade a mark on white fabrics, so thismethod was discarded. A process hasbeen discovered, however, whereby thesatisfactory result was obtained.Shifting Scenes in 'Public Life., By the time that Congress hasbeen some months in session, the members form fast friendships, and theimpulse to have a little fun nowand then will assert itself. The otherday one of the large paintings on thestairway was being taken down, ropeand tackle were required to handlethe gigantic gilt frame, and the senators stopped while going to lunch todiscuss it.One of the Democrats remarkedthat "if we are going to make realchanges in this administration, let usmake some that the people will recognize as they come and go. You'llnotice that Colonel Roosevelt's andPresident Taft's portraits no longeradorn the executive office," he finishedexultantly. We must let the shifting pictures into the- story in these'movie times.' " "Affairs at Washington," by Joe Mitchell Chappie, in National Magazine.The Road to Successville."The, road to success I speak offinancial success is rarely long andarduous," said George W. Perkins inone of his brilliant Y. M. C. A. addresses in Cleveland. "It is, as arule, short and easy."A man nodded toward a handsomeyoung millionaire and said:"'He began, I suppose, as an officeboy4n the establishment, and workedhis way up, step by step, "to his present management of the whole vastbusiness?''"Not at all,' was the dry answer.'Not at all. He began as Harvard'schampion baseballer and married theboss' daughter.' "Japan in Korea.- Japan has undertaken to reforestthe bare hills of Korea, and in the lastfew years has planted 12,400,000 treesIn that country.This is a piece of far-sighted commonsense which is bound to benefit theKorean people, even though not designed for that purpose. No American feels like approving the way invhich Japan overrode the rights of aweaker power and annexed Korea, butijvery candid-observer must admit thatche mikado'a men have carried" with:hem better government and 9. highercivilization. rChica'so JournaL, fciHATRED. THAT' WAR b'rEEETSyUneeda BiscuitNourishment fine flavor purity crispnesswholesomeness. Allfor 5 cents, in themoisture-proofpackage.Graham CrackersA food for every day.Crisp, delicious andstrengthening. Freshbaked and fresh de- livered. io cents.A delightful new biscuit, with a rich anddelicious cocoanut flavor. Crisp and alwaysfresh, zo cents.Buy biscuit baked byNATIONAL BISCUITCOMPANYAlways look for that Name,VAncient Manuscripts Read.Parchment manuscripts nearly eighthundred years old, from which the inkhas faded from view, have been readby a Berlin scientist who photographed them with ultraviolet rays.Daily Thought.And if we find but one to whom wecan speak out our hearts freely, withwhom we can walk in love and simplicity without dissimulation, we haveno ground of quarrel with the worldor God. Stevenson.REMARKABLE CURE OF CROUP."Last winter when my little boy hadcroup I got him a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. I honestly believe it saved his life," writes Mrs. J.B. Cook, Indiana, Pa. "It cut thephlegm and relieved his coughingspells. I am most grateful for whatthis remedy has done for him." Forsale by all dealers.(Nov.) adv.Headacheis one of the common symptoms of womanly trouble, andthe cause has to be removedbefore you can rid yourself of itentirely. A medicine that merely kills pain, does not go to theseat of the trouble, and kill thecause. What you need is awoman's medicine one which'acts directly, yet gently, on thewomanly organs.TAKECarduiThe Woman's TonicAfter having used Cardui,Miss Lillie Gibson, of Chriseman, Texas, writes: " Aboutthree years ago, 1 was justentering womanhood, and wassick in bed for nearly ninemonths. Sometimes I vouldhave such headaches, and other aches, I could hardly standit. I tried Cardui, and now Iam cured of ail my troubles. 1shall praise Cardui as long as Ilive." Cardui is the medicineyaaneed. Try it. 'E-69;!SNAPAMMS" 17I9 ' I 1 "- 1 xanjfcrflT-N Ss-SSrrSCSfer-SBSSSSh hkBiii -MISSED! The 2:30!What else has he missed?AN OPPORTUNITY!L Perhaps he didn't know the train time, his watch was wrong.L If he had had a phone he could have learned the train schedule 5 hecould have learned the correct time.C And in nine cases out of ten he could have telephoned and savedhours of time and not missed that opportunity.Ck The telephone in your house brings order into your life.Find out about our service todayCDe Paris Rome CelepDone ana tekgfapb fr(Incorporated)J. J..VEATCH, District Manager.aJ?all JLhurAREComplete.C I RSPHR A I TMCLOTHESIS15.00 and $20.00Other Values $10.00 and $12.50.Shoes $2.50 to $5.00. Full Line oBoys' Clothing. Give .Us a Call.T"winClothing and Shoe DepartmentL. WOLLSTEIIN,IProp.a 9. VKINDLYTwin Bros. Depanmenf storeSeventh and Main Sts., Paris, KyHandsome R e s i -denceFor Sale.My residence " on Mt. Airy Isforsale. One of the most modern homesin Paris. Everyu.. convenience. Prospective buyers are invited Q?inspectthe building"and. premise.CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier-inesNOWP. 1 1 A P A NTPPH,FallAnnouncement All the LatestFall Styles inDress Goods,Dry (foods,millinery, tcWe Can Please YouBargain Prices.CALL ATExpert CarriagePainter.Mr. jrercy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. ,C. M. Heck, for thepast 8 yers, has opened a. shop at thecorner of Fouthand High Stuaets, .aakIsolicits the patronage pt taoaa &miJo aBTthinj: in ais llaecBros4VSok Pe WJ. 0-v " r hi 'ra - jt fv-rtf JTr-,v-AjS11, 4'Jf v:2If4lL--4hru ' -w7,. .BURDEN LIFTEDFrcm Paris Backs Relief Proved- By Lapse of Time.Backache is a' heavy burden;.Nervousness, diziness, headache.Tlheumatic pain; urinary ills;Al wear one outOften effects of kidney weakness.No use to cure th symptoms.Relief is but temporory if the causeremains.If it's the kidneys, cure the cause., Joan's. Kidney Pils are for kidneyill'-lore's proof of jheir merit from thisMcmity.Z, 31. Farley, merchant, 474 ChairVc., Lexington, Ky., says: "I had aiuii, dragging pain in my back. Theifnon of my. kidneys was irregular,-specially at night. Finally, I usedDoan's Kidney Pills and before longthry Put a stP t a these troubles.3Iy kidneys became normal and theains and aches left. The endorsement I gave Doan's Kidney Pills inJanuary j.yiz, sun noias gooa. l canm.: repeat that they are a fine kidneyvmedicine." I ineir aaugnter's sister. They went to'rice 50c, at all dcn.r?rs. Don't sim- be taken for their daughter's daughpl ask for a kidney remedy. get ter to be taken for their own grandDoun's Kidney Pills the same that daughter, so to sneakMr. r any uau. r usir-iuuuura jc.had. Fostr-MilburnProps., Buffalo, N. Y.i. 10.) Adv.Immense Damage by Rats.Ko animal is more destructive toproperty or more dangerous to humanhealth than the rat. The damage itdoes to property runs up into figuresvhich stagger the imagination. It isestimated that there are in the UnitedStales at least 300,000,000 rats. Theydestroy a hundred million dollars'wo"th of grain in this country everyyear, or enough to feed one hen forevery man, woman and child in thenation. The to.tal annual cost of rats: the nation is estimated at $360,000,MC. TRY THIS FOR YOUR COUGH.Thousands of people keep coughingbecause unable to get the right remuj. Coughs are caused by Inflammatior of Throat and Bronchial Tubes.What you need is to soothe this Inflammation. Take r. King's NewDiscovery, it penetrates the delicatemucous lining, raises me .Fnlegm anaquickly relieves the congested membranes. Get a 50c. bottle from yourdruggist "Dr. King's New Discoveryquickly and completely stopped mycough" writes J. R. Watts, Floydale,Texas. Money back if not satisfied,bur it nearly always helps.(Nov.) . adv.Growing Old.Growing old is a process from whichthere is no escape, because the chemicals in our bodies are so constitutedthat they must inevitably undergo it.Old age is fatally written in our tissues from the moment they come intobeing. The drying up which marks itbegins when we stop growing and become more and more rapid the nearer we approach death.AN ACTIVE LIVER MEANS HEALTHII you want good health, a clearcomplexion and freedom from Dizziness, Constipation, Biliousness, Headaches and Indigestion, take Dr. King'sNew Life Pills. They drive out fermenting and undigested foods, clearthe Blood and cure Constipation. Only:5c. at your druggist.tNov.) adv.in spite of the fact that Divorces aret-asy to get in this country, it is hardto gt a ury to punish a woman whoshoots Fr'end Husband.sarajaaiperxiirJL. & N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVEv f TRAINS ARRIVE FROM &'C " 14 - .lo4 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday ."T. . 5:23 a. m.Atlanta, Ga Daily .. 5:30a.m.-" Cynthiana, Ky, Daily Ex. Sunday 7: 35 a. m.7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:38 a. m.1 a Rowland, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday v 7: 36 a. m.-' Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday . 7:40 a. m.7 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 9:40 a. m.1L Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:10 a. m." Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily v . 10:15 a. m.6 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday .". i. . .". 12:00 m.h Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex, Sunday 3:15 p. m.1"S Lexington, Ky., Daily - .' . . . 3: 26 p. m.. Knoxville, Tenn., Daily .'. . . 3:28 p. m.5 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 5:45 p. m.Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily Ex. Sunday 5: 35 p. m.5 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6:18 p. m.- Jacksonville, Fla., Daily v .v 6:30 p. m.14 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:35 p. m.CI Cincinnati, Qhio, Daily 10:40 p. m.TRAINS DEPART FORXO.T4 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 5:35 a. m.oA Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday .". . . 6:20 a. m.Itf Ma j-sville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday .. . . 7:45 a. m.40 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily Ex. Sunday :C. 7:45 a. m.7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:47 a. m.137 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday : 9:43 a. m.37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily ." 9:46 a. m.133 Lexington, Ky., Daily .". . 10:18 a. m.33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10:20 a. m.6 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 12:05 p. m.13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday . v ....... '. 3:30 p. m.3S Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 3:35 p. m.3S Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6:00 p. m.9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6:02 p. m.32 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily ' .; , 6:35 p. m.5 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6:35 p. m.S Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday .' v. 6:30 p. m.131 Lexington, Ky., Daily f . . 10:47 p. m.31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily !0:48 p. m.S" t&s O- "TIIIMCE-l'.A.rST .ETRAINS' ARRIVE FROM.' .2 Eraiikfort, Ky., Daily Ex.SundaySundayF.rankfort, Ky., Daily ExkVTRAINSDEPART FOR-0.mSP..- Knew All Ahut;i.r oHow ii-the law nwfde?" askedtneinstructor in United k States history."Oh," replied the maiden, cheerfully,"the senate has to ratify it; and thenthe president has to has to veto it:and then the house of representativeshas to she hesitated for a moment,and knit her pretty forehead. "Oh,yes! I remember now," she said. "Thehouse of representatives has to adjourn until the next session!"Youth's Companion.After His Own Heart.Museum Attendant The bill of thispre-historic bird had thousands uponthousands of little holes all over it.Congressman (enthusiastically) Magnificent! What an ideal one to introduce in congress! Judge".Our Wife.Our wife, comments a western newspaper man, is one of those womenwno aren't content to be taken forMore to His Liking.Proud uncle, showing off smallnephew of saintly countenance andseraphic eyes: "Johnny, wouldn't youlike to be an angel?" Johnny, withcold scorn: "Not so long as there'sa show for me to become a baseballpitcher.". Explosion of Oil Lamps.Oil lamps do explode sometimes,but very seldom. If the oil becomesheated in any way it may explode.Also if the wick is too small for the 1burner, the flame may penetrate dottninto the oil reservoir and ignite theoil vapor and air and cause an explosion. .Radiancy of Unselfishness.Unselfish and noble acts are themost radiant epochs in the biographyof souls. When wrought in earliestyouth, they lie in the memory of agelike the coral islands, green and sunny,I amidst the melancholy waste of ocean.Doctor ThomasAfter a man hooks up with a womanhe is expected to keep on hooking up.SEE IF THE CHILD'STONGUEIS COATED.If Cross, Feverish, Constipated, Give"California Syrup of Figs."Look at the tongue, mother! Ifcoated, it is a sure sign that your littleone's stomach, liver and bowels need agentle, thorough cleansing at once.When peevish, cross, listless, pale,doesn't sleep, doesn't eat or act naturally, or is feverish, stomach sour,breath bad; has stomach-ache, sorethroat, diarrhoea, full of coldj, give ateaspoontul of "California Syrup ofFigs," and in a few hours all the foul,constipated waste, undigested food andsour bile gentle moves out of its littlebowels without griping, and you havea well, playful child again.You needn't coax sick children totake this harmles "fruit laxative;"they love its dclieious taste, and it always makes them feel splendid.Ask your druggist for a 50-cent bottle of "California Syrup of Figs,"which has directions for babies, children of all ages and for grown-upsplainly on the bottle. Beware of counterfeits sold here. To be sure you getthe genuine ask to see that it is madeby "California Fig Syrup Company."Refuse any other kind with contempt.(Nov. 10.) Adv.OCTOBER 18, 1914.7:38 a. m., :... 4. . .-. . 5: 50 p. m.t. K ,8WBfr mwK iMOPt"L l-w-w-. J-v THE ftP.Y-IN .WAR. "ft ?Little' Haprd .About , One Important' . Department of MilitaryOrganizations.Only occasionally reference is madein comments on the war in Europe toone of the most important departments of military organization. Wehear much about the relative superiority of the German and the Frenchartillery, about the great value ofaeroplanes in reconniassance a valuetested and proved in the war forthe first time on such a scale aboutthe revolution in sea-fighting broughtabout by the submarine, about theequally important function in thislatest war of the automobile. Butwe hear very little about the increased opportunity and the increasedactivity and efficiency in the war ofthe spy.To what extent the spy is busy today and what he has been able toaccomplish is well indicated by themilitary expert of one of the Englishnewspapers, writing on the extraordinarily good information possessedby the Germans concerning the movement, and even the contemplatedmovements, of the British troops."News of every shipment of troopsfrom England,", he says, "is telegraphed to Berlin by way of Holland.Turkey, England and Scotland arerotten with spies. It is absurd," hegoes on, 'to say that no code telegrams are accepted when we know'Is Jack with you?' may mean 'IrishGuards left for Havre.' "As for the effect of this system ofespionage, the writer points out thatGermany has been able to move troopsso as to check what promised to besmashing blows on their right wing,not because airmen discovered thearmy, but because spies have beenable to lay before the German Generalstaff details as to the composition ofthe forces and the probable time oftheir movement.From time immemorial the spy hasbeen one of the most dangerous factors with which military men havehad to deal Death is his punishmentwhen caught. Apparently, with theincrease in methods of .communication, and the lowering or entire obliteration of international bonndarieseven in time of war, he is more dangerous today than he ever was andhas even greater opportunities forhis important w o r k. PhiladelphiaPress.HOW FARMERS SHOULDORGANIZE.The department is continually receiving inquiries from all sections asking how farmers ought to organize.The answer to such a general question must necessarily be that it depends partly upon the particular needsof a given community and partly uponthe capacity which farmers have toestablish and manage the work of asuitable organization. There shouldbe a strong local feeling of the needof some improvement and that certaindefinite aims or purposes can be morefully realized with the aid of organizedinterest and activity than through individual effort alone. It is folly to exDect that mere organization, as such,will achieve a given ob3ect, unless thefarmers organize in tne ngnt way anaequip their organization so that it willcarry on its work efficiently. Havingdecided that an associated effort iswarranted by the needs of the community, a study should be made of thekind of organization of making itswork effective. While this calls for intelligent, enthusiastic, and self-sacrificingleadership, it is best that this befurnished locally. Organizations mayneed outside advice, but they shouldnot be promoted by outsiders. Thefarmer's advance must come as theresult of his own efforts; his progressmust develop from within rather thanfrom without. The organization thatis given him is of far less value to himthan the one which he himself creates.In the matter of securing advice it isgenerally wise to make application tothe argicultural college or the properGovernment official. In asking for thisadvice a full statement of the localsituation should be given the territory to be included, number of farmersinterested, class and amount, of workto be undertaken, previous co operative "experience, and any other localfeatures that will give a definite ideaof the problems that must be met inoutlining a plan of organization forthe betterment of the community.Idle Suggestion."You ought to typewrite your poetry," said the harsh editor. "GreatScott!" replied Mr. Penwiggle; "ifI were expert enough to do that kindof typewriting do you think I'd be puttics in my time on poetry?"BEWARE OF OINTMENTS FOR CATARRH THAT CONTAIN MERCURYas mercury will surely destroy thesense of smell and completely derangethe whole system when entering itthrough the mucous surfaces. Sucharticles should never be used excepton prescriptions from reputable physicians, as the damage they will do isten fold to the good you can possiblyderive from them. Hall's CatarrhCure, manufactured by F. J. Cheney &Co., Toledo, O., contains no mercury,and it) s taken intenallyy jactingdirectly upon the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system. If buyingHall's Catarrh Cure be sure you getthe genuine. It is taken internallyand made in Toledo, Ohio, by F. J.Cheney & Co. Testimonials free.Sold by Druggists. Price 75c perbottle.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (Nov.) adv.Could Put 'Em AH In Texas.You could put England, Ireland,Scotland and Wales in Texas and stillhave enough room left for anothercountry like Ireland. Few people appreciate the extent of this country.As a Useless Conversation incubator, the Weather has everything elseacked off the boards:mmicxY. November "uimpii' 'W&ndQUITE NATURAL DEDUCTIONRepresentative Moore Explains WhatLady Was Saying to Lafayette. Representative Moore of Pennsylvania' during the visit of a party ofhome friends to the capitol acted asguide, for he knows the city of Washington better than some of the natives, says the Pathfinder. As he ledthem from the entrance of the WhiteHouse grounds the attention of thejparty was attracted by a group of fig-(ures that form one of the monumentsIn Lafayette square. One of the figures that form one of the monumentswith one hand appears to be frantically grasping the garments looselydraped about her while with the othershe is offering a sword to' Lafayette,who occupies a position above her.Mr. Moore approached the groupand in the regular sing-song mannerof the professional guide, said: "Andnow, ladies and gentlemen, we cometo the far-famed statue of the greatsoldier and statesman, Marquis de Lafayette. Below is a woman in sup-1pliant attitude, holding a sword. Ap-,parently she is speaking to him "At this moment one of the ladies inthe party interrupted and wished toknow what the lady was supposed tobe saying to the great Lafayette.Mr. Moore studied the statue for amoment, then turning to the lady hesaid: "That's very plrin, if you observe the position of her attire,madam. She's begging him, 'Here,general, take this quick, while Icatch my clothes.' "Thereafter all questions asked wereof an entirely impersonal nature.Arranging a Demonstration."I suppose," said the candidate,"that I can depend on your support?""I dunno," replied Farmer Corntossel, in a low tone. "Mirandy an' thetwo girls are hangin' out o' the window, over the porch, tryin' to hearwhat we're talkin' about. I want tosupport you, but you'll make it easierfer me if you'll sort o' get agitatedas we walk toward the gate an' holler''Votes for women!' a few times."APPROPRIATE COLORS.Mr. Robin What kind of a paperis that the canary 'birds are going topublish?Mr. Crow A yellow journal, I suppose. Prudent."I think I saw a sea serpent thismorning," said the scared-lookingman."Let's go 'up and tell the people atthe hotel," replied his friend."No. I'm not going to say a wordabout it. If the hotel clerk finds outthat I have had any experience so interesting and exceptional, the extracharge he will put in my bill will besomething terrific."Suspicious Person."That man is very cautious in wording his letters," said the suspiciousperson. "He always uses the phrase'Yours truly""What of it?""You must note the equivocation.He's very careful to avdld saying'Yours truthfully"Subtleties."The English style of humor differs from the American," said the manwho is ever studious." "Yes," replied Miss Cayenne.'Where we use chin -whiskers to denote a politician, the English usuallyemploy side whiskers."Slim Pickings.He Yes, the governor cut off myallowance, so I've had to cash mybrains for a living.She X wondered why you werelooking so thin. Boston. Evenfn' ', . .x ' -v - i K .Ww I III IA7 1 1 I I kV V IX JJbv ilvNHl Kb ill1 TliiiHk lull l.nl' ill ljV- Ki 1 1 1 Mllllilmm. fj" 'uTSBKS!5W!-' t- fs'-6fn Vttttf Itartw Cti, !ter.i." si?'?-U.S.SenatorLongr TermaopPRECINCT.-iPans No. 1Paris No. 2 t ZZZZZZZZZZZParis No. 3 ZZZZParis No. 4Paris No. 5 ZZZZParis No. 6 ZINorth Middletown No. 1 ZZNorth Middletown No. 2Millersburg No. 1Millersburg No. 2 ZRuddles Mills No. 1Ruddles Mills No. 2 ZCenterville No. 1Centerville No. 2 ZZHutchison No. 1Hutchison No. 2Little Rock No. 1 ZILittle Rock No. 2Clintonville No. 1Clintonville No. 272122108106. 9882167. 3511197-13157-107454736,.131657720Totals..1714VOTE FOR MEMBER SCHOOL BOARD.r- PARIS .PRECINCTS -No. 1 No.C. O. Hinfon 8G. D. Speakesr. 49Thos. Kiser 170. P. Carter 0C. 0. Hinton elected by pluralityJapanese Railroads.Japan's government railways havea mileage of 6,217,One Perennial Pleasure.Everything in life grows monotonousexcept pay day. Florida Times-Union,The average husband thinks that ifhe takes his wife to a theatre once amonth she ought to crawl around onher hands and knees before him andkow-tow evyre time she see him.It Is Time ForAboutHEATINGSTOVESWe Have Every Kind of Heating and CookiigStove lade!THE RADIANT HOME best heater inthe world.THE CELEBRATED! WILSON GASHEATER.THE O. K. LINE Of COOKING STOVES.They have no equal.In fact everything from the smallest tothe largest. See our line and get ourPrices.Lowry & Talbott.t)jaS SPECIALS :rOR THIS week!14 pounds Granulated Sugar $1.0O(With a $2.00 Purchase.) v :fancy Northern Potatoes, per peck. .20c .Preserving Pears, per peck 25cGood Cooking Apples, per peck 20c -. Pure Cider Vinegar, per gallon 30c vTry some of our Coffee at 15, 20 and 25c lbAlaska Pink Salmon 2 cans for 25cThe besf Red Salmon 2 cans for 35cNew Dried Peaches per lb., 8c, 10c, 1 2V2c :Navy Beans, per pound - 7c , wBroken Rice, per pound 1 5c 'Don't sit and worry, but compare your lastmonth's. bill with these prices gnd be convinced "thatit will save you money to pay cash.IT. -C LENlHANlIt.Cash Grocer. Both Phones 254 M' 7,ptU.S.SenatorShqrt TermCongMfenooVi(iaOn3466.,.608816410514581143119.12498-852340516S15497144288612962-11678L 14935120128.-.49X.4,991541001-14628II8215637111. 7814258106- 4749- 371653086371159913458...105. 4748. 38128667920-8813166142!--. 61i.122. 93116:.-. 874486.:t4844-59. 3457--. 593535:---119I -1181266778- 16119464144,-64615761:-x4-. 5859.1618-1788-1498-1764..15212233000No. 3 No. 4 No. 5- No. 6TUta10 15 10 ' 16 m0 0 0 0 40 0 0' 0 ip2 0 0 0 vof.Ireland's' Midget Farms. v rIreland has 84,869 landholders hai-ing plots not exceeding an acre, il.730 who hold more than one acre anot more than five acres; 153,399 iK,;der fifteen and 136,058 not exceedfinikthirty acres.If the Man Next Door goes to churck vwith his wife every Sunday, all tbe -marriedHeathens in the neignborbooflearn from their wives what a FSmTMan the Man Next Door is. VYou to Think ftfy ) wf?fv5 -.vv-J&o or r s -A-11- Orator is a,Jad who will-'say:1 Frank?off3y.f Daily Ex. Sunday,,,. , r.JCS ttl -m "W16? t0 saynd-thwi-takes-Transcript. .3 Fraiilcii0i$,KrM'DHyix. Sunday. & .,.......r.- f.1:: .rr j'it . haat nour savins: lt:t" , . .1jtlikrji&u &''liT"c? ? r ?a"5 "ti-. . it HP. .,-y-i "-V-V.r m"". ".. -"i. ..I Bk ' r W A' -9' - '4 V IBWlBIBBBBlBiliBlBBBBSWl 41 Aii! 2jfe;ikj 4-ic-.. vik :i?-kw'srjKSA-jTSsrmvA.Vi.Iaftlv m.DEWS OF MILLERSBURG - RELIGIOUSVT-nrv . wmnni .a ij' ' n'FtffiWPiT' ' Zr, and Mrs. W." V. Huffman .left"Tliursday for a visit to relatives inIndiana.Messrs. TV'. R.-Barnes and C. N.,lcmsoa and Mrs. Jessie Wilson con-tins-Q very ill.Mrs. Ruth. Peed and daughter,Hiss Carrie, left Monday for a visit toirMts. Fred Bassett at Mt. Sterling, sis, 'jter'of Mrs. Peed.& Mesdames J. H. Burroughs and V.Lt. Barton were guests Thursday andFriday qf Mrs. James Stevens ofiShaivhan, mother of Mrs. Burroughs.Mr. Richard Huffman while in aursine of football, at Lexington, Friday," nrolke one of his legs. Mr. Huffmanis a member of the Transylvania.lean.The series of meetings being heldat the Baptist Church by Dr. 0. R.Mangum closed Sunday, with a number of additions. There will be nomeeting through the week, except theregular prayer meeting on Wednesdaynight.baptism was administered aboth. services. " '-C , ''Jlev. "Wl 'JE. "Ellis occupied his pulpit;at the Christian church Sunday morning at 10:45 o'clock? and SUnday evening at 7:30 o'clock. At -the eveningserviee Eld. Ellis preached on "PaulBefore King Agrippa" Sunday schoolwas held at 9:30 o'clock, Sunday morning, after which the Women's Classheld a business meeting.There has been quite a religiousawakening in the Little Rock precinct lately. While no revival services have been held at either of thechurches, there seems to be an earn-;fx' r:,44rKY NOVEMmJI'.WK3V""VThe revival meeting at the NorthMiddletown Christian church, b.eingconducted by Rev. John Christopher- j est desire on the part of the membersson. and which Tias attracted a large . Qf the churches to increase theirattendance, closed, Sunday night with j efforts along the lines of church worka total of sixty-five additions, forty-' At the Christian church prayer meetfive of which were by confession.Rev. Frank W. Eberhardt, formerly pastor of the Paris Baptist church,will likely accept a call recently ex-- Mr. O. W. Ingles is remodeling the j tended to him to become the pastor ofinterior of his home, and taking out the Baptist Church at Danville. Herthe partition between the reception has' received a number of flattering;hall and library, throwing the two ( calls from different Baptist congrega-trither with a large colonial arch.'-Mesdames O. W. Ingles, and G. W.-.Judyand Miss Mary Savage attend--eda reception by Mrs. J. F. Savage at ja Pans, Thursday aiternoon, m nonorof Miss Louie Sheridan, of St. Joseph3o.TURKEY MARKET OPENS.tions in this state, but has not yetdecided which he will take up.. Receipt of turkeys for the Thanksgiving market began yesterday at thejens of Chas. S. Brent & Bro., at;P&risf Carlisle, Millersburg and Flemingsburg." Twelve cents per pound-an foot delivered at the pens, was theopening price.TurKey raisers will not receive asmuch by 20 per cent, for their turkeys.this year as they did last year. Thereiare numerous reasons why the price ofturkejs this year will be lower thanlasi. year. The output all over thecDcntry is unusually large. The earlydrouth was favorable to the young"birds, and the thousands of young-turkeys that usually succumb to the-cole chilling rains got a good start andvill be fat and fine for the holiday-trade.With a big output of well fattenedturkeys in good condition, the country3s face to face with a hesitating niarket, due to the lack of employment in-.the East, the scarcity of money andeverywhere a desire to economizeFive million pounds of dressed turkeys were carried over in cold storagefrom last year. This great bulk ofcold storage turkeys would have beenreduced to the minumum if not entirely" wiped out in feeding passengersrtraveling to and from Europe, hut the-war put a stop to ocean travel andtthe cold storage stock camfe in competition with the fresh killed stock.Tor this reason the price of turkeysmil he the lowest in years.In Boston, New York, Philadelphiaand other large cities the price of.turkeys last year went up to 28 cents;per pound, whereas in the same markets this year choice turkeys are selling at 20 and 22 cents per pound,i dressed. Buyers and dealers in dress,ed turkeys throughout Central Ken' jtucky have been advised of the situation and they say that the market in.this vicinity will hover close to 12wcents per pound for the best birds,with .No. 2's selling at ten cents per-DOKnd live weight, delivered at the!"Telling pens.Total of 600 persons have takenmembership with the Protestantchurches of Paris, as an indirect result of the recent Tabernacle revivalservices. They have been dividedamong the different denominations asfollows: Christian church, 279: Meth-fodist, 184; Baptist, 109; Presbyterian,30.At the Sunday morning serviceat the Presbyterian church Mr. andMrs. Andrew Myers, Peck and NancyFisher and J. R. Dejarnett were received into the church. The protracted meeting which began Sundaywith the pastor, Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive,preaching, will continue through theweek, he being assisted after to-morrowby Rev. T. H. Atkinson.At the regular business session ofthe Paris Epworth League the following were elected to vnembership: MissEdith Brittian and Edna Huffman, andMessrs. Ernest Beheler, Keith Spears,Elmer Doty, W. O. Pennington, VanceHuffman and Ralph Huffman. Prof.C P. Lancaster was elected as director of the Epworth League choir.Choir practice will be held each Wednesday night after prayer meeting.The weekly devotional service of theLeague were held Sunday night at6:15 p. m at the Methodist church.Subject, "The Root of Murder."Leader, Miss Ethel Freeman. Themonthly literary and social sessionwill be held at the residence of Mr.and Mrs. Jas. Grinnell, Jr., on SouthHigh Street, Thursday evening, November 19.Religious services were resumed atall the Paris churches Sunday, bothmorning and evening. For Sjevei'alweeks the pastors of the churcheshave dismissed their congregations inorder to attend the evangelistic meetings -at the Tabernacle.Rev. George H. Harris conductedservices at St. Peter's Episcopalchurch, preaching at 10:45 Sundaymorning.At the Methodist c'hurch, the pastor,Rev. J. S. Sims, occupied his pulpit atboth the morning and evening services. At these services several newmembers were received in the church.Rev. O. R. Mangum preached at themorning and evening services at theI Baptist church, and the ordinance ofing is conducted every Wednesdayevening and two training classes havebeen organized for future work.MATRMONALYATES-HUNTER.Miss Ethel C. Yates, of FayetteCounty, and Mr. Ira Hunter, of Nicholas County, were united in marriage,Thursday by County Judge Chas. A.McMillan, in his private office at thecourthouse. "HOUSTON-MOORE.The Cynthiana Log Cabin, in itsissue of Friday, tells of the secretmarriage of Mr. Spears Moore, ofParis, to Miss Sallie Elizabeth Houston, of the Jacksonville neighborhood,which took place in Paris, on October15th, at the residence of the officiatingminister, Rev. W. E. Ellis.The Log Cabin says: "The marriage of Miss Sallie Elizabeth Houstonand Mr. Spears Moore was quietlysolemnized at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis at hishome on Twelfth and Cypress Streetson Thursday afternoon Oct. 15, atseven thirty o'clock, with only a fewfriends present to witness the ceremony which has been kept as a profound secret. This marriage will comeas a great surprise to their manyfiends although it has been expectedbut not so soon."Miss Houston is the daughte ofthe late Stephen Houston and is greatly admired by all who know her. She isformer student of Paris High Schooland of Bourbon College, and is anhighly accomplished young lady."Mr. Moore is very fortunate inwinning such lovely bride. Mr. Mooreis a son of the late Dr. and Mrs. N. S.Moore and is a splendid yoong gentleman. They will go to housekeeping thefirst of March at his home nearParis."NOTICE!It is against the law to hunt without license, and all persons intendingto hunt should take out a license.(10-lt)CLAh.K.Mr. Frank Clak, aged 25 years,a brother of Rev. J. L. Clark, President of Kentucky Wesleyan College,at Winchester, formerly pastor of theParis Methodist church, died at hishome in Marion, Ohio, last Thursday,after a short illness. The remainswere interred in the Marion Cemetery Saturday.Rev. Clark attended the funeral.i WOOD.Mr. J. Nimrod Woods, aged 76 years,formerly a resident of Bourbon county, died at his home near CarlisleSunday evening, following a threeweeks' illness from heart disease.Surviving him are two sons,George and Bruce Woods, of Nicholas, and three daughters, Mrs. J. C.Blount, of Collins, Miss., Mrs. GuyBell, of Covington, and Miss NettieWood, who has made her home withhim. He is also survived by a brother, Nick Wood, and a sister, MissAnnie Wood, who now lives at thehome place in Nicholas county. Theremains were interred in the familylot at the Millersburg CemeteryTuesday morning.WELCH.Mr. Robert' E. Welch, aged forty,one of the best-known men in Lexington, died at his home jn that city,Friday night, after a short illness.Mr. Welch is survived by his wife,formerly Miss Loretta Ramp, daughter of the late John F. Ramp, of Paris,and four children. The funeral services were held at St. Paul's CatholicChurch, in Lexington, Sunday afternoon, followed by interment in theCatholic cemetery.The pall-bearers were Wm. Maher,John J. Golvin, Jas. T. McCarty, Jas.IJenry, Andrew Hickey, Wm. Burke,John J. Galvin, Jas. McCarty, Jas.Paris.Mr. Robt. S. Porter, Mr. Joe Glennand Mr. John Glenn and sisters, ofParis, attended the funeral and burial.. - GILLESPIE.The funeral services of Mrs. NelsonGillespie, who died at her liome nearLittle Rock, were held at the NorthMiddletown cemetery, after impressiveservices conducted at the ChristianChurch in Little Rock, Wednesday byRev. Carl, Agee.Mrs, Gillespie was about fifty yearsof age, and had been an invalid forseveral years, having been seriouslyill since last August. She is survivedby her husband and three daughters,Miss Nannie Gillespie, who is takinga nurse's training course at the GoodSamaritan Hospita. in- Lexington;Misses Ida and Willie Gillespie, wholive at home. Mrs. Gillespie was alovely Christian woman, whose lifewas an inspiration to her family.' $??r OUR BANK CAN HELP THEHKUDENT MAN TO KEEP HSACCOUNTS STRAGNTIf you will open a bank account with us we will showyou how to keep your accounts straight. Every check yowrite will be a LEGAL REGEIPT.And we shall always, free of charge, cheerfully advisewith you about money matters.We shall be glad to keep you from LOSING MONEYso will you. ' -Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPITAL .$150,000.00SURPLUS -80,000.00STOCKHOLDERS' LIAHLITY.-... 150,000.00Protection to Depositors . $330,000.00E. BEDFORD, President. C. K. THOMAS, CashlsrS.Every man knows that if he had amillion dollars he would give $100,000of it to Charity. But he, never thinks ofkicking in with a dime out of the$10 hill he has in his pocket.NOTICE!A single man imagines that it is easyto fool a Avoman. But later on he learnsthat the only time he ever fooled hiswife was when he married her.FOR RENTFour-room cottage, on Harmon Avenue; furnished or anfurnfshdr gasfor heating and cooking. Rent reasonable. (6-3t) MRS. T. A. VIMONT.1Any old time you see a man eating iwith his knife you ban het that lie is iboss in his house that what he saysgoes.It is funny that you seldom discoverThe open season for hunting beginsNovember 15th and every huntershould procure his license before going into the field.(10-lt)It is hard for a pretty girl to he niceto a married man in public. She knowswhat she would do if she was marriedj and caught a nrettv jrirl beins: nice toany of the dead ones buried in thought jier husband.4WALKVseiOSAVEiWLJ. ..WWu !MONEYIn Paris cincl Vicinity Tiiere isNo Place LikeDANParis'COHEN 9SGreatest Shoe StorePillJJPMUjgg55iOur Prices ForElectric CampsAre No rligtiThan OtherDealers.25 and 40 Watt Mazdas . - 30c60 Watt Mazdas 40c100 Watt Mazdas 70c4IfI .s.I8'S5aj"I"I"'H"I"l"M"I"I"l"l"I"I'"'H'i' 'I1 'I1 ! 'I i I1UNION CENTRALLIFE INSURANCE CO.Strongest Company.Lowest Net Rate.MissKateAlexanderTor Value and Style AssortmentWALKHOVERReady cash, great distributing power and commercial alertness combined with our system of Less Profitsand More Volume of Business shows plainly why the best dressers of Paris and vicinity make our store theirHeadquarters For Men's, Women's and Children's Footwear ,Visit our-store and be convinced of these facts.inv --Just A Few Of The Many Values and Styles:Men's Platinum" Calf or Russ., English .last, Walk-Over, of quality and stylewhich you will find elsewhere at $7.00,or price $5.00Men's Russ.. or Gun Metal, Walk-Overand Bacon makes, all styles, $5.00 val-ue at 4.0Men s Gun Metal or Russ., English lastor broad last, of the famous Walk-Over 3.50Men's Tan and Gun Metal, bench made,all lasts, $4.00 values atMen's Gun Metal, button and lace, dressyand good wearing shoes, $3.00 valuesato9m9mmThere is no better fig h t madethan theAGENT! ALSO SOLICITS"TCOLUMBIAMAZDASi Fire, Wind II and Automobile ?Z " jr.VLidies' Patent Colt or Gun Metal Calf,cloth top, Louis heel, of quality and stylewhich you willfind elsewhere at $5.00,our price $3.49Ladies' Patent Kid, cloth or mat. top, -best quality and workmanship, $4.00 values at.Ladies' Gun Metal or Patent Kid, clothtop ,all styles, custom made, atLadies' Gun Metal and Patent, low ormedium heel, gun metal and lace, $3.00values at -. 1 .99Ladies' Kid and Gun Metal, $2.00 valuesat 1 .492.992.492.991.99-aX'iThe largest "assortment of Boys', Misses' and Children' Shoes at all prices.Rubbers of All Descriptions at Lowest Prices.Men's Special Brownstone Work Shoe, with Anti-Leak Cork Welt, at OurPlace .Only.?Ab3DmCkm1STCOThT3TSGreatest Shoe Store3B3co3a.oxja.3r Hoigrix!7Vli.r Beauty etxxcii o c . - - "- ".'- .. .JWMtiMtmLiLL ,'-:.r.r(-js'L t "Awm MmffnsnrancerflflS W3$ fclvCulC .$ and will greatly aoprsciatetfMttmami 1 i yr consideration.Incorporated. iSt MISSKATE ALEXANDER. ?"I"I"II"I"i1'I"IvI'IMI"I"I"IMI'"I'w'2"I)'I"I"I"' iWcatcsI'The be3l i:avc3facn I ever madeand it only cos $15.The Victor-Victrcla annsscs'and ?& li -t 1 - 1 i .VS? i..too cnuarcn, cna n?2:F-cvv.family happy. . ! -''.It brings into; the home" a wedfeh ofislk latis o 'of oil proportion to its small cost. - j --You can get 'a Victor or VictonrVictrola riJit assayon our cany-payment plan. 15 to aoofor a VictorVictrola. iro to 100 for a Victor. -': 4fc-vCrrc ii zrl ree and hear the different styled; ' $" us naiintiftini Imi . . -ii7 A '. IT v a",? XT A" j I . "KX r "" . A IV -yd.- "". r "k S Vk IS-HT., ---.&m?,?i&MM",iiiZ .J&&Z2til,4MUcUnJwm1 wm .fAt