?-:, 4 a'"',tf . T t r.jVjk isWSrt . yrn J)tfx'.J?. i?rjfds;-fcsfe.ii- ?'k?1-;&?.;.... t. "" sTft v . - jb. rS. 1:PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN" THE YEAR1-nnr -VOLUMEltXXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SERTEMBEH 1, 1914.m in h v v h r ir iw - h -vh v - hmm m m m r -r- - h b jmmv- - -m- w. . v m mb mmbb " - !I1LLETS GREETA PARISMOBa JAILAttempt to Lynch Negro IsResisted By jailer Jos.Farris .PARIS PEOPLE AT THEKENTUCKY SUMMER RESORTSEUGENE HOUSTONKILLED INSTANTLYAlleged Negro Assailant ofWhite Woman BadlyInjuredt a hproic effort to save the life ofa negro prisoner, who had been placed m his care a short time previous,Jailer Joseph Farris, at about 3o'clock, Saturday morning, put torout a mob of about twenty-five menafter killing one and perhaps badlywounding another.At 11:30 o'clock Friday night,Beverly Johnsona negro, claimingu have been from Illinois, who hadpreviously been employed as a laborer on the Louisville & Nasliville railroad, entered the home of Mr. HenryMeade, an engineer on the Frankfort& Cincinnati railroad, living on SouthMain street, and attacked Mrs.Meade, who, with her daughter, wasasleep. Mr. Meade was awakenedby the screams of his wife, and jumping from his bed, grabbled with thenegro, wrestling a hatchet from hisgrasp, and striking him a number oftimes on the head, rendering him unconscious. Mr. Meade telephoned for the police, his wife and daughter in themeantime standing suard over thenegro, who showed signs of returningconsciousness. Acting Chief of Police Geo. Judy and Patrolmen Kingand Elgin responded, and took thenegro, badly wounded and bleeding,to the jail, where h was received byjailer Farris, and given medical attention. About 2:30 o'clock Jailer Farriswas called to his office door, and onopening it found a crowd of men-wsich he roughly estimated to be-1ebout twenty-fiver standing -on theDorch and in the street. They worehandkerchiefs over the lower parts oftheir faces, and some had their facesDlackened. Their leader came to thecoor and demanded z'ae keys. Mr.Harris refused the demand, and theclosest of the men grabbled with him3 an effort to secure tneni. .Mr.Harris put up a strong fight, and wasKnocked down and oadly bruised. Hesucceeded in fighting the men on,hn one of them pointed a pistol inqjs face. Mr. Ferris grasped theweapon, just as the trigger was pull1, the hammer lacerating his thumbs-d forefinger.Mrs. Farris, wife of the Jailer, held-e mob at bay for lew minutes un:il she could place a revolver in her- jsband's hands. By this time the-10b was beating and kicking the 3ailr who was on the floor. With hiseft hand Jailer Farris fired, the shot-Tiking Eugene Houston in the rightae and passing entirely through thebody. He ran a short distance andeil dead. The jailer fired again, and.another man fell, but was picked upjy his companions and taken away.The mob scattered in every direction The wounded man either madelis way to the nearoy bridge or wascarried there, and was later foundire dead and stripped 01 uis umiDn. Jailer Farris fired three shotssad thinks another man was hit, asslood stains were found on the streetcoing south.The dead man was Eugene R. Houston, who was night foreman of the-witching crew in the south yards,and who lived in Millersburg. He9ras familiarly known as "Old Timer,.be title being given him on accountof his long service in the employe ot;:e L & N. vHis body was taken to the undertakes establishment of G. W. Davis andprepared for burial. It was taken toms home Saturday afternoon and waso-jried in Carlisle, Sunday.Houston is survived by his wifeaad one daughter, Mrs. insKo.He is about 65 years of age, and hadniiherto borne a good reputation. Hesad Jailer Farris were both membersof the same lodge of Odd Fellows.Jailer Farris feels deeply the resultc: the affair, but he is being upheldDy the entire community for his neroism and devotion to duty.It is said that the authorities havea clew to the identity of the othermember of the mob who was woundedand that it is likely some interestingdeveiopments will follow.A Paris businessman, in comment.ne on the affair, said to the News reporter: "Some time ago when a?oung white man of this city was arrested and jailed on a charge of attempted assault, the same man,-ouston, who was killed, came to meaad suggested the formation of a mob-0 take the young fellow out andlynch Mm. I refused, of course, to"become a party to the affair, and lieaeparted with the remark: Well, 111get ,himmyslt""I told hinTas hevent away, 'Oil jmkn, you had "betterOil Springs seems to be the favoritesummer resort with Paris peoplelately. The Oil Springs correspondence in the Sunday zexington Heraldsays :"Miss Margaret Ardery, of Paris,went home Friday to attend thedance. She returned Saturday foran indefinite period.""Dr. D. S. Henry and Mrs. Henryand their two children, with Mrs. W.C Dodson. of Paris, motored over toOil Springs, where they will spend aweek or more."Miss Grace Donaldson, ' of theFirst National Bank, of Paris, issnendins her vacation at Oil SDrines.Her kindly interest in everything andeverybody has mAde ner manyfriends and admirers.""The 'tacky' party was followed bya mock wedding. The bride was MissGrace Donaldson, of Paris, and thegroom was L. Huls, of Clark county.The wedding was interrupted by thedemand of the justice to be kissed bythe bride. The bride's bouquet wascaught by Miss Sally A. Whaley, ofParis, which seemed to those presentto be a very appropriate tribute tothis lovely and popular young lady.""Recent guests from Paris' were:Mr. John Wiggins, Mr. Frank Buchanan, Mr. Forrest Buchanan, Mr. andMrs. W. T. Bryan, Mrs. S. S. Ardery,Mr. and Mrs. Claude Redmon, Mr.and Mrs. W. A. Wallen, and Dr. P.H. Uppington."Among the recent arrivals at CrabOrchard Springs were Mr. and Mrs.Walter Martin, Fred Batterton andOwen Gibson, of Paris.ONE MILLIONMEN ENGAGED"WE KNOW HOW"iISMTWThe Czar's Forces Said toHave Penetrated the En-emy's CountryTHIRTY THOUSANDRUSSIANS CAPTUREDWar News From VariousSources of the StrickenContinentTUBERCULOSIS EXHIBIT.Miss Mabel Robbins, County Superintendent of Schools, has arrangedfor co-operation with .the State Tuberculosis Commission at the institute to-day. Mr. James P. Faulkner,who has done remarkable educationalwork in Kentucky for years, willspeak before tle institute at 1:30 p.m. to-day on "Health by Indirection."The general public is invited to hearhim.The refitted Health Exhibit car willbe open all this afternoon at the railroad station, the exhibits being explained by Mr. Robert Faulkner andMrs. Harriett P. Minaker, the Parisvisiting nurse. From this attractivennd interesting display of pictures,models and selective devices the essential facts about .-onsumption anaother preventable diseases may belearned.Mr. Roy L. French, Secretary ofthe Kentucky Tuberculosis Commission, was in Paris, Friday, to arrangefor a -health talk before the institute to-day, and to inspect the workof Mrs. Minaker, the visiting nurse,who was bsought to Paris on Mr.French's recommendation.ATTEMPTS SUICIDE.Dan. Roche, Jr.,attempted suicideyesterdav afternoon :n the Lykinsrestaurant on Tent street by shooting himself with a "32 caliber revolver.The bullet passed through the nius-Hpc nf the unner chest, innicung apainful though not dangerous wound.He will be out in a day or so. YoungRouche had been employed in theLvkins restaurant for some time.No reason for the attempt was assigned. He was taken to the MassieMemorial Hospoital where his wounabwere dressed.LONDON, ENGLAND, Aug. 30. AParis dispatch to the Exchange Telegram Company says:V"A German aviator flaw over Paristhis afternoon and dropped fivebombs which fell in the most populous quarter of the city. In one casetwo women were wounded. One bombflew in front of the shop of a bakerand wine merchant in the Rue Albouy, two on the Qual De Valmy, oneof which did not explode, while theother struck the wall 'of the NightRefugee behind St. Ivlary's Hospital.Two others dropped in the Rue Ricollet and the Rue Marcin, neither ofwhich exploded. The aviator, whowas Leiutenant Von Heidssen, dropped manifestos on which was written: 'The German army is at thegates of Paris. You can do nothingbut surrender.' "ANTHENS, Aug. 28. It is statedon good authority that the ItalianGovernment has ordered the generalstaff to be ready for action withinthe next few days. Bulgarian vandalshave entered Servian territory atStrumisa and destroyed part of arailway. Another band entered Doryan and destroyed two villages.LONDON, Aug. 29. A dispatch tothe Exchange Telegraph Companytrom Rome says that a dispatch received from Vienna states that Austrm hns declared war on BelgiumThe American Minister in" Belgiumhas been asked to take charge ofAustrian interests there.PARISIANS IN VENICE.SAVE MONEY.Look at Winters' prices before buyinganything nice in his line 25 percent off $1.00. Ctf)OPENING OF PREPARATORY SCHOOL.Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland'sschool will open on Monday, September 7, 1914. Number of pupils limited.In a letter to Mrs. i5wift Champ,dated Venice, Aug. 4, Mrs. Jas.Thompson stated that their party hadjust began to hear of the war in Europe and a few days later they began to feel its effects. She saidthat, as they could tot read the papers or understand the language theywere practically isolated from theworld, and could get no tidings of thecondition of affairs on the Continent.What news they could get was verymeager. They were hemmed in withvery poor prospects of getting out.The situation, as she expressed it,was terrible. In a previous letter Mr.Thompson stated their party wouldstav on. even though others wereleaving, and Mrs. Thompson in herletter stated "now ney had stayedtoo long and just couldn't get' away."No further detail were given.- 1Tc-.".J.ABlue SergeSuit2?eS-1 r-Is one of the most practical colors that a man canbuy in a suit. He can wear a Blue Serge Suit inthe summer or winter, either flight or day. Ourstock of Blue Serges cannot be equaled anywherefor style, quality and price. Blue Serges that willstand the wear snd hold their color.,' Prices Range From$10 to $35Come in and inspect our line before you buy.-$.4VuMitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's Styles Paris, Kentucky 'ftrPARISINBOYSNEW BUSINESS.POPULARThe recent purchase of the drugbusiness of Clarke & Co., by Messrs.Fayette and Sidney B. Ardery, Jr.,will bring into busineste circles ofParis two popular and successful business men.The senior member of the new firm,Mr. Fayette Ardery, is well and favorably known to the business interests of Paris, having for the past fiveyears been connected with the Deposit Bank of Paris as general bookkeeper. He is a graduate of the classof 1909 of the Georgetown College,and has made an enviable record asa business man.His brother, Mr. Sidney S. Ardery,Jr., will be connected in the pharmacydepartment under Dr. Uppington.He graduated last June as Presidentof the senior class or Central University, with scientific degree, andspecialising in chemistry. He willcontinue his studies in pharmacywith Dr. Uppington,Both young men are thoroughlycapable and will command the confidence and patronage of the purchasing public.$mFRANKCO.go slow, you'll go down there someday and never come back alive.' Andthe "prophecy came true on lastSaturday morning. It came to mymind with startling force as soon asI heard of the affair at the jail."Another story that is told in connection with the earlier happenings ofthe night. It Is related that tne negro Johnson, in company with an itinerant unbrella mender, visited a saloon in tne neignDomuuu ui uie u. o&N. depot, where the umbrella menderwas given a half-pint bottle of Chicken Cock Whisky in exchange for thework he did on an umbrella. Theman later on in the night came intothe saloon and informed the porterthat the negro had knocked lim downand robbed him of his pocket book,two dollars in money and his whisky.Johnson disappeared, and the half-pint bottle that was tound on tneporch of the Meade nome bore aChicken Cock label.Coroner Rudolph Davis impanelleda jury and held an inquest at thecourt house yesterday morning. After hearing the testim'ony of witnesses the jury rendered the followingverdict: ."We, the jury, find that E. R. Houston came to his death from a pistolshot by the hand of Jos. Farris, Jailerof Bourbon County, in the dischargeof his duty in protecting a prisonerfrom mob violence -ana we nna thathe was perfectly justified in theshooting."FRANK P. LOWRY, Foreman.NEWTON MITCHELL,H. M. COLLINS,A. J. FEE,w JOHN W: YERKES,' GEO. W. STUART." 4 -At the hour of going' to press thenegro Johnson, was unconscious, andWould, probably not Jive through the.nigfit"." ";AT COST.All summer goods in our store atcost if bought now.HARRY SIMON.NEW DRUG FIRM.SCHOOL OFFICERS ELECTEDA new firm, consisting of Mr. Fayette Ardery and Mr. Sidney S. Ardery, Jr., and known as the ArderyDrug Co., will take over the stockand fixtures of the Clarke & Co.store, Saturday, Sept. 5th, and willcontinue the business at this old established stand.The Clarke & Co. slock of goodshas been pronounced one of tlie mostcomplete and up-to-date drug storesin Central Kentucky, while tne oiamanagement has won an enviable reputation for reliability and safe, conservative business principles.The new management will endeavor to conduct the business along thesame lines, and merit the good willso long accorded Clarce & Co. Dr.P. H. Uppington, who for the pasteleven years, has worked with Dr.Clarke, as pharmacist, has contracted with the new firm and will be incharge of the prescription department, guarantees to the public, thesame accurate and efficient service.tvip stonk of sundries will be Jcept upto its old standard of variety andcompleteness, there being a few linesthat will be improved and enlarged.The Ardery Drug Co. extends to thepublic in general, a cordial invitation to visit this store, and inspectthe goods and the service. (It)HOME GROWN.The County Board of Educationmet Saturday at the office of MissRobbins, County Superintendent, andamong other business transacted, thefollowing officers were elected fromthe trustees: In Division No. 1, D.O Lisle, chairman, Allison Barlow,secretary; Division No. 2, Thos. Padgett, chairman, George Moreland, secretary; Division No. 3, Thos. Current,chairman, Letton Vimont, secretary;Division No. 4, Mrs. J,. D. Ockerman,chairman, Mrs. Albert Mitchell, secretary; Division No. 5, John Tanner,chairman; Division No. 6, J. F. Ing-els, chairman, Joe Jacoby, secretary.A. P. Adair was elected trustee ofthe Houston School, Gant Galloway,of the Ford's Mill School, HoracePurdy, of the Purdy School, andHume Payne, of the Stony PointSchool. Miss Martha Viley was elected teacher of the Hill School, MissVelva Hill, Colville; Miss Mary Calnan, Stony Point, and Miss MinervaNeal, Ruddles Mills. The schoolswill open September 7th.PRESBYTERY EBENEZER."nNow Showing"NEWFALL STYLESIn All Lines.NO ADVANCEIn Prices.Fine gome-grown watermelons thefinest .you ever saw.' On ice fat alltime ..-,"- ""(It) ' - - C. P.'COOK- & CO. 'The Presbytery of Ebenezer willconvene in this city to-night at theFurstt Presbytetf an 'jChurch at 7:30o'clock. The opening sermon will bepreached by the retiring Moderator,Rev. R. M. Caldwell. Communion ofthe Lord's Supper will be observedto-morrow,' Wednesday, at 11 o'clock.The sermon will be preached by Rev.Anton V. Hulst, of Carlisle. Popular meeting Wednesday nightin theinterest of Home Missions and Presbyterial Evangelism. Judge Thos. D.Theobald, of Grayson, Ky., ana Kev.Thos. H. Atkinson, our Presbyterial"Evangelist, will speak at this meeting. The public cordially invited toatend all these meetings. - ,-"SEE OUR ' :Trimmed Hats'-'" t Nothing Over,' $5.00. ';.4&W, )FRANK &. iThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.COf-v4vf'&.f -1-t:THE BOURBON ANEWS, TMRIS, ' KpiTUCK;-SEFTEffi; 1, .(914- ' - - iNVITAL FORCE'Tk;cnac o-prms are on everv hand. Thev are in the very airwe breathe. A system "run down" is a prey for them. Onemust have vital force to withstand them. Vital force dependson digestion on. whether or not tood nounsnes on tnequality of blood coursing through the body.DR. PIERCE'SGolden Medical DiscoveryStrengthens the weak stomach. Gives good digestion. Enlivens thesluggish liver. Feeds the starved nerves. Again full health and strengthreturn. A general upbuilding enables the heart to pump like an enginerunning in oil. The vital force is once more established to full power.Year in and year out for over forty years this great health-restoringremedy has been spreading throughout the entire world because of itsability to make the sick well and the weak strong. Don t despair of"being vourold self again." Give this vegetable remedy a trial loday-Now. "You will soon feel "like new again." Sold in liquid or tablet form byDruggistsortrial boxfor 50cbymall. WriteDr. V. M.Pierce, Buffalo, JN. X.lr. Pierce's great 1008 page "Medical I Adviser,"cletfc -bemad, seat for 31 one-cent stamp.IF YOU HAVE AHOME TELEPHONEUse It For YourLong Distanceas consistently as you do for your local business. Youcan reach the party you want quickly andjjget efficientservice at reasonablelrates over theI TLr; O U l6: " REV. SIMVcoNclODES "THReYllie ISOlirDOll IVeWSj years' service at paris;Home Long Distance Lines.If u do not have a Home Telephone now, callManager's office, 427, for rates and have installed.theBt Paris Rome Celepftone ana Cekgrapb go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.fgmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmamm ' mLENIHAN'SCASH SPECIALS!I25 pounds Purity Flour 75' 50 pounds Purity Flour 1:5025 poundsIRed Cross Flour. 75 --50 poundsIRed Cross Flour 1.5025pounds Lancaster Flour 6550 pounds Lancaster Flour 1.3017 pounds Magnolia Flour 3525 pounds Magnolia Flour 65Mason Fruit Jars, Rubber, ScalingWax, Paraf f ine.Stone's Silver Slice Cakes ReceivedFresh Every rDay.T. C. LENIHAN,ft BotCash Grocery.Both Phones 234Established 188132, Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, EdUor and Owner.(Entered at the Bans, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. 1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKETForSenatorJ. C. W. BECKHAM(Long Term)JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term)For CongressJ. CAMPBELL CANTRILL."NEW TELEPHONE DEVICE.Cincinnati Woman Has Invented Decided Improvement On Present Instrument.A woman inventor in Cincinnati,Mrs. Katherine Nichols, has designedan improvement on the present telephone instrument, which she declares will be a boon. "There are several disadvantages in the presentequipment," Mrs. Nichols said. "Onehas to hold several pounds of brassand rubber while using the 'hone,when it could just as well be a simplecontrivance, weighing only a fewounces." Mrs. Nichol's invention is acombination of a pair of flexibletubes, each carrying an improved earpiece and connected with a T joint,which hold the transmitter. Thearrangement is such that when oneholds the ear piece in position thetransmitter is a few inches from thelips. This insures talking directlyinto the transmitter, whether oneturns the head or not. The trans-fmitter is a double one, increasing tnevolume of sound, and a spring is soarranged that the mere picking upof the instrument throuws the lineinto connection and calles the exchange. The use of two ear piecesexcludes outside sounds while one islistening, and this feature is furtherimproved by another invention ofMrs. Nichols a cap for the ear pieceswhich, it is said, physicians recommend as taking much of the strainof listening off the delicate membrane of the ear.Mrs. Nichols has shown her invention to several telephone experts,who have spoken in high, praise of it.STATE SUNDAYSCHOOL CONVENTIONWPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSunday, sept. 675cRoundTripSCENERY75cRoundTripMUSICTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 am.I; v Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further information.H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.RECREATIONThe Forty-ninth State Conventionof the Kentucky Sunday School Association will meet in Lexington, October 20-23. A splendid program isbeing arranged, there will be some ofthe best speakers in the SundaySchool work, music by a great choir,conferences on all departments ofSunday School activities. There areabout four thousand Sunday School inKentucky and every one of these isentitled to send delegates. No moneycan be better spent than be comingto such a gathering and meeting thepeople who are doing the best thingsfor the uplift of Kentucky. Lexington is rmar the center of the Stateand is easiy reached and, outside ofthe convention, has many attractionsfor visitors. Any one who is interested in making a greater and betterKentucky can become a delegate.For particulars, write to the Kentucky Sunday School Association, 712Louisville Trust Building, LouisvilleKy.IrBHRMRhP? IJ&PMRBRBHMMIMIMHMtBM t , v !9BBBBBBBBHMIHBSBHSSSfi& iMMMMMMMMMISBHMHHMHk& v 4&&fl&HiiiiiBH89BBBBBBBBaMMMHMHMJfefeL Jf IPPfgraRvBBMMMMMBvRwBHnlE9 - - vlBvBvBvBvMvJhrV (JIIIbhrIRvBYBYBaBMRsM& "SSRHjSBBBBBBBBBBBBBjMMMMMMMMHf s39n&SHMMMMMMMMMRt MMP 'HMMMMMMMMRRjRev. Dr. J. S. Sims, pastor of theParis Methodist, preached his concluding sermon Sunday morning at10:45 o'clock, before departing for theKentucky Conference which convenesat Wilmore, on September 2.At the Annual Conference in 1911which was in session at Richmond withBishop W. A. Candler, presiding, Rev.Sims was assigned to the Paris charge,'and this marks the closing of the thirdsuccessive year as pastor of the Pariscongregation during which time thechurch has experienced a steadygrowth. All departments of churchwork have taken on new life and havereached a high state of efficiency duringhis pastorate.lie has made a host of friends sincehis coming to Paris, and has greatlyendeared himself to his congregationand to the people of Bourbon ingeneral, with his simple yet eloquentsermons, and splendid Christian example, which he emphasizes bydaily practices. In his large circle ofacquaintances there is none but whatvalues his friendship and have thehighest regard for his religious views.Bishop J. C. Kilgo will be the presiding bishop at the conference thisyear and it is earnestly hoped by theParis congregation that their popularpastor will again be appointed to thischarge which will be the maximumlength of time for a Methodist preacherto stay at one church.There will be no other service at theMethodist church Sunday except Sunday School at 9:30 o'clock. A largeattendance is requested to be presentat this service.SUMMER CONSTIPATIONDANGEROUS.Constipation in Summer-time ismore dangerous than in the fall, winter or spring. The food you eat is pften contaminated and is more likelyto ferment in your stomach. Thenyou are apt to drink much cold water, thus injuring your stomach.Colic, Fever, Ptomaine Poisoning andother ills are natural results. Po-Do-Laxwill keep you well, as it increasesthe Bile, the natural laxative, whichrids the bowels of the congested poisonous waste. Po-Do-Lax will makeyou feel better. Pleasant and effective. Take a dose to-night. 50c, atyour Druggist.(adv aug.)'TIS AN ILL WIND," ETC.EVOLUTION IN WRITING.The Danville Messenger thinks simplified spelling has worked very well,but remarks that "What the newspaper men and compositors want is simplified writing." The newspapers do, nn nfrninst some tOUell OrODOSi-'tion, but there is much less that sortof thing Hhan thre used to ne. Typewriting is increasing enormously. Afew years hence machine writing willbe universal and it wil lnot be necessary for a man to do much work withpen and ink or pencil. In fact it -willhardly be necessary for the kids atschool to waste much time on penmanship. Now if somebody will onlyinvent a spelling machine to accompany every typewriter, the epistolarytroubles of the human family will beLbrought down to the irreducible minimum. VYmums&LtJi ouu.SEVERE ATTACK OFCOLIC CURED.JMusic Class.Kiss .Elizabeth .Crutcher will beginher class in T)iano on the 8th of Sep-lemDen m. T. Phone 276. aug-25-4tFor Rent.Street,7-rooat "home oa HighJointnx w residence.-2t) J. W. DAVIS.ad-Expert CarriagePainter.Mr. Percy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast 8 yers, has opened a shop at thecorner of Fouth and High "Streets', andsolicits, tke patronage of those needing anything in his line. TBoth Phones 583. - . . , , ,xJB. E. Cross, who travels in Virginiaand other Southern States, was takensuddenly and severely ill with colic.At the first store he came to the merchant recommended Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy.Two doses of it cured him. No oneshould leave home on a journey without a bottle of this preparation. Forsale by all druggists.(adv aug.)"Why is it that a man will grudge aminister $5 for tying the knot andyet will gladly pay a lawyer $500 tountie it?Lots of Patriots are willing to diefor their country. Bu,V they insistupbn dying of old age. , Is t -We shouldn't have thought thatfish could be favored by a drouth, butin the light of the explanation madeby Mr. Ward, Executive Agent of theFish and Game Commiss,ion, it is,plain that the dry summer has greatly aided. the fish, whose eggs are often washed away by freshets." 'Tis an ill wind that blows nobody good," says the proverb. Thedrouth seems as unpopular, and ashard to account for, under- the rulethat everything has a purpose, as theexistence of the housefly. But at lastthe secret came out. The fish neededdry weather. Kentucky needed fish.The dry weather came. Kentuckywill have plenty of fish.Now if you have been impiously impatient wiili Providence repent yoursins in sackcloth and ashes. Frankfort State Journal.andSome men are born unluckyothers marry for money.One reason why a dog looks so intelligent is because he" never startsto talk and show his ignorance.When a girl has shapely ankles andnew silk stockings she simply can'tkeep her shoe strings tied.Popular Price ExcursionTo Cincinnati and Return.$1.50For the Round TripSundaySept4Special train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a. m., returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m.TRAIN LEAVES 10 A. M.'-JZ&.o.3Jmm1SrVi,-fcW.i?ivMETALAre StormproofThey interlock and overlap in such a way that the hardest driving rain or sifting snow cannot possibly get under them.Besides this they last indefinitely, and neyer need repairs. ,Another point They're very reasonable in first cost. You canlearn all about them fromBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.vftwfWftoinwBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 Street2e2We Take Pleasure.in "oing Tip the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Lanndrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes bBck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.i f m ' i $Low Tound trip Summer Touristtickets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New. York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct. 31, with very liberalstop-over privileges. For further information call on or address.J.JC, SMITH, T. A.,' ,-,- t rf ' -, it or .? 3" - f , 'Wi H. HARRIS, AtS'y ( f.Weight? Yes. Wait? No."Now is the time to place your order for your Winter Coalat Summer prices.A FEW REASONS:1. We buy direct from the mines.2. We deliver direct from cars to your residence.3. ,We own our teams and can control deliveries.4. Our offiice is at the yard and we see that you get the coalyou order.5. We have no solicitors; you get his commission in the better quality of coal.6. Every customer is satisfied with our coal delivery and hecome a booster.We never substitute.7.8.9.10.Many of our customers Ayere burning the wrong kind ofcoal until advised by us.One a customer, always a customer.FOX RIDGE COAL is the coal that does the work.Dodson DentonParis, Ky.Yards, SDiih M lin St. Both Phones 140sSSifefexCaspsiSJBSIfesSXSaZmkGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEDBOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NTGHT 399.Pans Odorless Cleaning Co. 8::Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or Overcoatlook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.x All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladles' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedjto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.?Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25cHaHMMMMiNMHiiOnicklr relieve "RhpinrnfttisTn. Sore Mas.nlaa Katimlmn Rnxl.iitliA ITnar?allO 4ttnr v?"".'""," "-.i'"o. .UV..U..W.WAll wins, lour monnv bacic 11 it tans to 10.Jiero any acne in any Dart oi tno doujfiXteen minutes time.Jfries SOc At AM Druggists.ynt mrii wd olmUr Mat a ttqaMt.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY.342 Burt Main St., Ltttoflttn, Ky.jFOR SALE.One 3-horse-power gas or gasolineengine. Will sell cheap. Apply toHENRY GROSCHE.FOR RENT.Cottage of three rcxim aadbth, oaSfeyeftth dtreet. Gall Hoffit Pfcoao,33 or Br T. Pfe 71i--. aw.n.. As. ,Vj:-..gwaWiyf'A."sKi.. fiJXI'VI."iJVL-'f.AaJ. w ytf ,'f ' ' '? 'fcUneedaBiscuitTempt the appetite,'please the taste andnourish the body.Crisp, clean and fresh.5 cents.Baronet BiscuitRound, thin, tenderwith a delightful flavorappropriate for luncheon, tea and dinner.xo cents.'GrahamCrackersMade of the finestingredients. Bakedto perfection. Thenational strengthfood, zo cents.IBuy biscuit baked byEBXIDNSL BISEUIT1 CQHPANYtAlways look for that Name.J1Barber Shop.Prompt and Courteous Attention to All Patrons.SOI AND COLD BAIHS.NewBarberShopCorner Fourth and MainModern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsJ. S. Wallingford, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,'Phones 31 PARIS, KY.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j H'ome 136.., (E. T. 334.Residence Home 334.TV!kR. A. H" KBL.IER,I I PRAnTICING'PHYSICIAN,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - KentnckjJ J. WTIitilAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAWXoom 1 Elks Building.CANCER CUREDI guarantee vry cte I im-rtake- 20 years practice; ref-pnee an v citizen. of Parle. idertakeereDR. WM. R. SMITH, .PH, Ky.i geGahaBIOS., Tl 'Linen Weaving in Bohemia.One of the oldest and most important industries of northern Bohemia is that of linen weaving, "whichfurnishes employment under favorable conditions to fully 25,000 peoplewho are so skilled and clever in theproduction of fine linens that thesegoods are favorably known andx finda ready market in all parts of -theworld.SUMMER COUGHS ARE DANGEROUS. Summer coughs are dangerous.They indicate low vitality and oftenlead to serious Throat and LungTroubles, including Consumption. 'Dr.King's New Discovery will relieve thecougr or cold promptly and preventcomplications. It is soothing and antiseptic and makes you feel better atonce. To delay is dangerous get abottle of Dr. King's New Discovery atonce. Your money back if not satisfied. 50c and $1.00 bottles at yourDruggist.(adv aug.)Bohemia's Forest Area.Bohemia has a forest area equal to29 per cent of its total area, and thequantity of wood cut annually averages 6,474,105 cubic yards, of which4,316,070 cubic yards are suitable forbuilding and manufacturing, and theremainder for fuel. Bohemia exportsannually about 1,307,900 cubic yardsof forest products to Germany.THE TWENTY YEAR TEST."Some twenty years ago I usedChambelain's Colic, Cholera andDiarrhoea Remedy," writes Geo. W.Brock, publisher of the Enterprise,Aberdeen, Md. "I discovered that itwas a quick and safe cure for diarrhoea. Since then no one can sell meanything said to be 'just as good.'During all these years I have used itand recommended it many times, andit has never disappointeds anyone."For sale by all dealers., (adv aug.)The Kingdom of Today.O, thou, 'that-pinest in the imprison,ment ot the Actual, and criest bitterlyto the gods for a kingdom whereinto rule and create, know this of atruth: the thing thou seekest is already with thee, "here or nowhere'couldst thou only see! Carlyle.HOW TO CURE A SPRAIN.A sprain may be cured in aboutone-third the time required by theusual treatment by applying Chamberlain's Liniment and observing thedirections with each bottle. For saleby all dealers.(adv-aug)Women Witnesses Criticized.Judge Lush-Wilson, K. C, remarkedat Exeter (England) county court toa woman litigant who continually interrupted: "Madam, I run the risk, Iknow, of criticism from your sex whenI say that they are the most troublesome people I have to deal with. Whycan't you women exercise the sameamount of self-control in. the witnessbox as men have to do?"THE CASE OF L. L. CANTELOU.The case of L. L.. Cantelou, Clarndon, Texas, is similar to tha of manyothers who have used Chamberlain'sColic, Choleraand Diarrhoea Remedy.He says, "After trying a doctor forseveral months, and using differentkinds of medicine for my wife whohad been troubled with severe bowelcomplaint for several months, Ibought a 25c bottle of Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy.After using the second bottle she wasentirely cured." For sale by all dealers. (adv aug.)Thy Fellow Man.Carve your name on hearts, and noton marble. Charles Spurgeon.MR. LEWIS A. RIFFLE telle hisxperieace with coughs and coldsthat lead to ntrrousnesf and debility. Colds are oftenaggravated during the Summerbecause inactivebowels and astomach out oforder are primecauses in keeping a cold fromgetting well.Pe-ru-na hasvery; beneficiallaxative qualities that neutral- ... . 0:mize such condi- Mr. Lew.5 Riffle.Xions. Its tonic ingredients tone upthe system, and thus invigorate thestomach's functions to normal activity. Mr. Riffle's experience is especiallyinteresting at this time of the year because it shows the close relationship1 there is between a nervous breakdownand a neglected cold. .Pe-ru-na should be kept in tne nomeIfijLOBHKvat all times, that a cold upon its firs edging each ruffle. The waist is madeappearance may be treated prompt with kimono-cut sleeves having a cirand successfully. This often saves j cular cuff which is also trimmed withmonev and time, and "what is more ! a band of crepe as is the front of theimportant, a great deal ot vuamy.M-r "Riffle, of 758 Gautenbein Ave.,Portland, Ore., writes: "1 have foundPe-ru-na a most remarkable medi-cine for building up the system andfor curing coughs ana colds."1 took it for four weeks a fewmonths ago when I was all run downervous and debilitated, ana it quicx;restored my health."I always keep it on hand, as a. fetfj flOSM will curt a tuiu u - , ir peoie who, object to;iiqia--Tneaf' tos..---- -Xi T30.VU9-KM.&0H5 potau frv'wamn ...tt J,L-UTHE l&QUkBON II&WS.-PAWS, JCY SEITtMBER. I;a.GOOD IASTE INWhite Mourning- a Late Innovation for YoungPeople.SIRE SATIN FORYOUNG PEOPLENEW YORK, Aug. 31.In mourning, simplicity is the keynote of good taste. The wardrobeshould be chosen for conservativegood style and inconspiciousness.A mourning top-coat of heavy blackcloth with a soft dull finish made intoone of the smart loose cape coats somuch the rage, is most desirable.The Oxford effects may be used forgeneral wear. For suits, gaberdine orserge with a dull finish is serviceableand smart. Pure white or dull blacklinings should be used.Soft faille silk with a dull luster isused for the more dressy type of suit.Ripple silk, which is a heavy varietyof Canton silk, may De used, also, forthis type of costume. -McCallCire Crepe Trimmed with Bands ofCorded Si'.'k.For an afternoon dress crepe deChine is most attractive and distinctive. One charming feature of thissik is that it may be self-trimmed,and, if anything, this enhances itsbeauty. All costumes worn for firstmourning may be combined withcrepe. But crepe should be usedsparingly, as too much is poor taste.From among a number of mourning dresses I picked out models formy illustrations which are conservative and stylish, both showing the attractive use of crepe and dull silk asa trimming.The first is dull cire satin. At thelower edge of the long tunic is a wideband of corded silk cut on the bias.This same silk is used to edge theV-shaped opening of the overwaist,front and back. A long-sleevedguimpe of net is worn with this dresswhose most noticeable feature is itsstiffly standing frill of lace at theneck. The plain hat. is of cire satinwith trimming of the colored silk andof gathered maline.Voile and net are two materialswidelv used for Summer and Falldresses' and for mourning, when variety is limited, it is very smart. Mysecond illustration shows a dress ofblack voile. The shirt with triplecircular ruffles has a band of crepevoile waist. The chemisette andcollar are of black net over white&na hemstiched. A wide girdle ofcrepe which buttons down the frontcompletes the costume,A charming dress of net is madewith a waist in bolero effect. Aroundthe edges of this bolero, which ex-. tends to the shoulder and underarmI seams only, is a ball fringe of dullblack wooden beads. In the cornersui uig wwpv c u&.u wi,..very fine dull -black beads-'m lj.t. -nIf- . .... , t -- , Jt r(jjiilton ciotn- is wiaeiy ueu- tuimourriiax 'waists - and lends .- itselfSE EIIIfew gsMflifts1 f 1 JHSrrTifnicharmingly to the simple trimmingof hand run tucks and simple trimming of hand run simple shirrings.Black point-d'-esprit is combined withnet in many ways and. makes a greater variety possible.Dull satin with the waxed finish isused for waists as well as crepe deChine and crepe chiffon. A waist ofblack crepe de Chine is made-with achemisette of net picot edged andtrimmed with picot edged frills of thecrepe de Chine.Georgette crepe in black or whiteis used both for waists and for thesoft clinging- type of .gown. It -jscharming trimmed with either faille,taffeta rcr dull satin.All costumes worn for first mourning can be trimmed with crepe, andwhite crepe is smart when used atthe neck for the collar or vest, andfor the cuffs as well.For young people all white is being used a great deal for mourning.It is not as depressing as black andyet itis just as much a badge of sorrow. All-white hats of lusterlesstaffeta are trimmed with white crepeflowers, or a small, close-fitting hatof white has a large Empress Eugenieveil in white precisely following theblack widow's veil of the same name.This style of veil is heavy and smothering for very hot weather, althoughit is a protection from kindly but curious eyes. It is a large hemmed squareof crepe with one corner rounded outto fit the neck, finished with a frill ofthe same. It is fastened around theneck with the long pqJLnt hangingdown in front and is then thrown overthe head "and fastened securely to thehat with pins. It is unusuallygraceful and most becoming.White chiffon cloth is used for thedressier dresses. I saw a charmingone made of box-pleated chiffon clothand the skirt had a box-pleated tunicwith a wide hem. Just above the hem.was an inset insertion of point-d'-esprit.This frock was remarkable forits charming inconspicuousness.Sheer collars and cuffs of organdyare accessories which may be used.Hemstiched, or with hems fagoted,thev give a finish and a dainty touch,which helps to take away the dreariness of all black.Collars and cuffs of organdy havehems of black which are attcahed tothe collar by machine hemstiching.The woman with a little ingenuityand time to spare can make many variations of these dainty accessories.Handkerchiefs are shown with hemsof black, either a half an inch or aninch wide. Some have a second border on the inside of black. It may bemerely a. pin stripe or it may bethree-eights of an inch.Cali.i'&zts&iya&hA Mourning Gown of ConservativeStyles in Voile and CrepeIn mourning, very little jewelry isworn, and that must be the simplestof the simple. Pearls and dull jetare combined into artistic -little pinsand necklaces. Dull black enamelpins are. also used.Hems of ruffles' and of dresses arehemstiched, or are finished with apicot edging, which is merely havinga piece of the material hemstichedand then cut down the center of theiieinsucmng; uus leaves a picot eag-ing on either side.Shoes should be worn of dull blackkid. The low shoe should have a fullkid buckle while for the high-heeledslipper a round, flat button of jet iscorrect. t ."rfJWMPGloves, of course, are always black.Uusually rather long, wrinkling aboutthe wrist. Heavy black kid glovesare propter to wear with the severelytailored suit. Long )lack kid glovesare also worn when desired, but longsuede gloves to wear with the costume are to be" preferred.In Embryo.Opinion in good men.isvbutknowledge in the making. Milton.weaKtteeegjj.WhatagTeeJcV o 'tis weksrnjmmmtj oace Mac floae. -Shelley. 1r.'tuvem si ;.4$1''.914 --5 ' -a . , " iyf.t . I J r ' 'HULL 1 1 J ' I 'l.BlHI STAPLE 'CBJ FANCY ; 1II GROCERIES! ?j( : - : . V aALSOAll the Vegetables fOf theOUR LINE OF s .Canned GoodsCannot Be ExcelledN. A. MOORE.Saber's Old Stand1 k ."0 C QOTIUfiTLVKINDLYSeventh and MainTwin 11. Depanmenf store,66 Our Window DisplayFOR LAST CALL ONSUMMER SUITS.Values Up to$9.98Also See Our Display of $1.00 and$1.50 Shirts, with Soft Collars ta.Match. Choice NowBargains in All Departments.T-win.Clothing and Shoe Department -L.WOLLSTEI1N, Prop.ONER0POf I0URI0N POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops in thedrinking' water- cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 13 gallon ofmedicine At alt druggists."Sample aad booklet on "Bi-" eases of Fowls" serit iPBJEB.Rrnrtea tiiegty Ce.kiIB'' , ' liSeason1&-1vGreatBargainSale, NOW ':Going Oh!v, Greater Bargains than youhave ever be---fore heard of in 4Paris.CALL ATSts.", Paris, Ky5$16.50 Ycd$:yHandsome R e $ i -dence For SaLleeiuy residence on -ML Airy is to,saie. une of the most motern hoimiin rans. JEyery convenieace.pective buyers are invited tothe building and premises.CSjly-tf) jviRS. M. JL PATON 'FOR RENT.My home place opposite theFair Greqais, how occupied byBd.BukB. AMireesMRSC-BLANNIE D. SH1PP.; M Bast Slain Stfcert.Brosf m lextnatM.-;rMn)ttttiirtitMtgyV r't-TVTHg BOURBON NEWSPAlb KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1914'A.95-.ir3l4II HI 4 4H 4 Itll 1 ! ! 4 -14 1 4 -I4 ! 1 4 4 im -H "H"iI Special InducementThe Bpurbbn NewsEstablished 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.K-TO OUR ADVERTISERSte3- XSeptember 1 -20Wc Will Offer Our Entire Line ofGas Fuel Appliancesat the lowest possible CASH price.You cannot afford to miss this wonderful opportunity.Everything Marked in Plain Figuresand Fully Guaranteed.Paris Gas & Electric Go.ttI Since the beginning of the Euro-! -nann war flip rnRt nf nrint. nanpr. linn-TMM -. .. Vpw X X---f -Wtype metal, printing inks, plaes, cuts,and even to the small item of pasteused in a commercialway in the production of printed matter, has beenincreased from the manufacturer tothe consumer, the advance in somecases being as high as 100 per. cent.The printing freternity has borne thisincrease uncomplainingly, becausethey had no recourse. Now they arebeginning to advance their advertising rates.The News, in view of existing circumstances, feels compelled to advance its advertising rates to meetthe incresased cost of production. Ourprinting plant has been greatly improved in the past year or two by theaddition of expensive printing machinery and other improvements havebeen esential to the pu-to-date plant,and our subscription list has beendoubled.The cost of advertising has alreadybeen increased to foreign .advertisers, and from now on will go intoeffect on long time contarcts thathave been going for years at didrates.This increase will be on display advertisements only, and will not bemade to apply to local advertising.Our rates on reading notices, etc.,will remain the same."We feel sure the advertising public will understand and appreciateour position.(Incorporated.).InH-'H"H"HM..l..HREVENUE ASSIGNMENTS(Collector Ben Marshall, of the Seventh Internal Revenue DistrictJias made the following revenueassignments for Bourbon County forSeptember: Julius Kessler & Company, Paris; Oscar Grigsby, day andbottling; John D. Shy, additional; W.P. Croghan, gauger.SUITS, WAISTS, ETC., AT COST.Fall suits, waists, dresses and millinery arriving daily from the Eastern markets.HARRY SIMON.TO ELECTRIC CONSUMERS.Beginning with today we will keepour own electric plant under steam,-with fires banked, ready to start in afew minutes time, so that in case ofTinavoidable accident to our transmission lines the service will be interrupted only a few minutes at themost, and in future will use our bestendeavors to keep service up to ourold standard.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.ELECTED LIFE MEMBER.As a testimonial of their esteemand a recognition of his faithful devotion to the interests of his lodge,Paris Chapter No. 15, Royal ArchMasons, at a recent meeting by aunanimous vote, made Mr. 'DouglasWilliams, of Paris, a life member ofthe lodge.Mr Williams, who is the chiefclerk at the Bourbon House, has beena member of the local lodge almosta life time, and has made a remarkable record for continuous attendanceupon the meetings. He -has held allthe offices from the highest to thelowest, and has by his earnest workfor the good of the order, securedthe hearty good wishes of his fellow Masons. Mr. Williams bears hisyears and his new honors lightly andgracefully.FRACTURES 80NE IN ARM.Little Lucile Dunn, daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Frank Dunn, of Cynthiana,fell from a fence while playing at thehome of her grandfather, Mr. T. J.Day, near Centerville, fracturing thebones of her left arm between thewrist and the elbow.AH91 Lei us Reason Togemer! :. fr'S X "I ! I' I "I I 'I "I "I I S'Abraham Lincoln, the true apostle of liberty andfreedom, uttered these historic words:"Whether or not the world would be vastly benefittedby a total and final banishment from it of all intoxicating.drinks seems to me not now an open question.' 'The liquor business of today is infinitely more rottenthan it was in Lincoln's time. Not one good thing can besaid of the modern saloon by its champions.Science condemns strong drink as a rank poison. Apoison, whether taken in large or small quantities, produces evil results. Lincoln did not understand the natureof whiskey and other intoxicating drinks as well as wedo today, but the following shows that he did observesome of the evil following its use." the demon of intemperance ever seems toJiave delighted in sucking the blood of genius and ofgenerosity. What one of us but can call to mind some- relative, more promising than all his fellows, who hasfallen a sacrifice to his rapacity?"He seems to have gone forth like the Egyptianangel of death, commissioned to slay, if not the first, thefairest born, of every family. v"Shall he now be arrested in his desolating career?In that-arrest, all can give aid; and who shall be excusedthat can, and will not?"Again he says"The liquor traffic is a cancer in society. There mustbe no more attempts to regulate it. It must be eradicated; not a root must be lef t lehind. "The U. S. Supreme Court rendered this opinion:- "There is no inherent right in a citizen to sell intoxicating liquors by retail. It is not a privilege of a State orof a citizen of the United States. -Is it right to vote for a thing which no decent '-mancan defend?LET REASON REIGN!I Vote Against the Saloon!wj - - ail wMMMMKIMMMH((Advertisement)-CONWAY.Mr. John W. Conway, aged aboutsixty-one years, died at his home onthe farm of Mrs. Nellie S. Highland,near Paris, Friday morning at fouro'clock, from heart disease, followinga few hours illness.Mr. Conway had been enjoying hisusual good health, and on Thursdaywas at work in the field on his place.At the supper hour he partook of ahearty meal and retired early. Aboutmidnight he was- taken suddenly sickat the stomach which is thought tohave affected his heart, and he passedaway a few hours later.Deceased was a well known farmer,and formerly was a member of theBourbon Fiscal Court from the Ruddles Mills precinct. He is survivedby his widow, who was formerly MissMary Bettie. Duvall, of Bourbon, andfive children, Messrs. Henry C. Conway and Raymond Conway, of Bourbon; William Conway, of Dayton, O.;James Conway, of Missouri, and Mrs.Hattie Conway Bell, of Millersburg.MAPPIN.Mrs. Julie Mappin, 63 years ofage, wife of W. H. Mappin, died atthe residence of her niece, Mrs. Chas.Skillman, 448 Rose Lane, Lexington,Sunday. Mrs. Mappin was the daughter of George L. Redmon, and wasborn and reared In Bourbon County.She is survived by her husband andtwo children, Geo. L. Mappin, of Lexington, and Mrs. Edwin Wyatt, ofChicago. The funeral services wereheld at the residence yesterday afternoon at 1 o'-clock conducted byRev. Mark Collis, of the BroadwayChristian Church, of which she was afaithful member. The body wasbrought to Paris on a special mterur-ban car and burial took place in thefamily lot in the Paris cemetery, yesterday afternoon. The pall-bearerswere Joe Redmon, -ilaude Redmon,Tom Redmon, Sol Redmon, CassellRedmon and Harry James.The funeral services were conducted at the residence, on Second streetSunday morning at 10 o'clock, byRev. W. E. Ellis. Burial took placein the Paris cemetery. The pallbearers were John Marston, GranvilleDenton, Thos. W. Current, ArthurMoreland, J. R. Turner and JamesFisher.mBorn On Saturday morning, tothe wife of Mr. Wm. Metzger, inHnry Division, a daughter.Born, at the Massie MemorialHospital, on last Thursday, to thewife of Samuel Clay, a daughter.MORGAN'S MEN TO MEET TO-DAYThe . Morgan's Men Assooiation,which will meet at Olympian Springsto-day for a three-day reunion, probably will be attended by the largestnumber of veterans rn the history ofthe association, according to a letterreceived from Horace 'M. Taylor, ofCarlisle, successor of the lamentedGreen R. Keller, as secretary of theassociation. The rate on the Chesapeake & Ohio Railway from Lexington is $2.2J for the round trip and theautomobile fare rrom OlympiaStation to the hotel has been reduced to seventy-five cents as a concession to the Confederates who willattend.Trains leave Lexington for Olympian Springs daily at 7:30, 11:45 and8:45 p. m. Secretary Taylor asks allto register as soon as they arrive atthe hotel, giving their command andtheir present postoffice addresses.WILL SAVE MONEY.Regardless of conditions, text-booksbelonging to the children in the public schools of Kentucky will be traded to the book companies at the contract price. As a result this will savethe parents thousand of dollars. Superintendent Hamlett has decidedthat under the Act of 1914 all publishers will be required to take upand exchange books regardless ofcondition, provided they are of thesame grade. The ruling was made tocorrect an impression thath as goneout that such books offered in exchange would have to be in good condition. Hamlett's interpretation ofthe law is that the "good condition"clause applies only to suck books asare held by the dealers on theirshelves, which, of course, will betaken up by the contractors at theoriginal net prices.THE BEST ONLY.Nothing but good goods at Winters'."HEALTH BY INDIRECTION."James P. Faulkner, who has beenengaged in public health work forseveral years, will speak on "Healthby Indirectidn," before the BourbonCounty Teachers' Association, at thecourt house, this afternoon, at 1:30o'clock.Mr. Faulkner will represent theState Tuberculosis Commission, andthe remodeled exhibit car of the commission will be in Paris at the L. &N. passenger station this afternoonfree to the public, who through theinteresting exhibits displayed canlearn many important things aboutthe cause, cure an prevention ofcontagious diseases, especially tuberculosis. Mrs. Harriett P. Minaker, the visiting nurse employed by the county,will assist in explaining the exhibits.ABIG SAVING.,ii.Ailiilii,i i fcf1 , , , T min mm 1 1 n n i m m n.Wolf, Wile & Co.formerly JKaufman, Straus dc Co,Lexington, K.y.Regarding New Autumn Suits,Gowns and Street Dresses.On account of the European conditions we desire toimpress upon our patrons the advisability, of making earlyselections. ' .. -The fact is now well established that desirableimported fabrics in the most fashionable shades arealready scarce and many of them will not be obtainable later at any price.3We are showing the very latest models that were sentover from Paris. There is a wide variety to choose from ?and those who make their purchases early will congratu-late themselves later. Beautiful New Suits in ChiffonBroadcloth, Gabardine and French Serges.Tremendous saving on all GasStoves and Ranges during the monthof- August. Come early and get thepick.(7-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.PARIS VS. LEXINGTON.For some reason (or lack of reason) there has gone abroad in Parisand Bourbon County the impressionthat Lexington will vote "dry" in the-coming election on September 28th.That this idea js erroneous is practically pcoven by the recent Congressional election when J. C. Cantrill,known as the liquor candidate, defeated Claude. M. Thomas, the drycandidate in EVERY precinct in Fayette County. A prominent residentof Lexington, in a conversation witha Paris man a few vays ago, declaredthat Lexington would go wet beyonda doubt, and added that it was admitted there by some of the advocates of Prohibition.Accepting it as true that Lexington will vote wet, it would be impossible to conceive the amount of revenue which will drii into the coffersof that city from Bourbon County ifthis county should go dry. With Lexington wet and Paris dry, which up tonow has been able to compete so successfully with Lexington in civic improvement, in financial enterpriseand increase in population, wouldgradually become no more than asuburb of . that city. Capitalistscould never be induced to investmoney in a town where the peoplewere so asleep to their owji interestsas to voluntarily vote out on eof theprincipal sources of income.Saloon license granted in Parisadd the princely sum of $16,000yearly to the city's revenue. Willthe advocates of prohibition be willing to "put up" the additional taxesto supply the deficit in the city'streasury which they are so anxiousto bring about? If not, from whatsource is the money to come?Whisky men in Lexington, it is understood, are doing much to createthe false impression that Lexingtonwill go dry in orde to delude Parisand Bourbon County into voting dry,so that when in reality the Fayettecapital polls its big wet - majority,Paris and Bourbon County will beproven but dupes of Lexington'sgreed for increased revenue.It (Advertisement)$25.00 to $75.00.Dresses in the new Basque effects, of Rich Satins andCrepe de Chines.$19.75 ,to $35.Smart Street Dresses in Seres and Satin Combinations,with touches of White Pique,i $13.50 to $35.00.Clean-Up Prices on all Remaining Sum" mer Dresses, Skirts and Waists.WOLF, WILE & CO.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, KentuckyMllfrlftfrgllfrygMfrfrlgllt3Mgllfrfr jtJMftflMfttfMJnro.9 -i: :,.. --' -&M "5f.3VJerZ:; -J"2ace.x.z.aIk Word !to the Farmersof Bourbon County.:sWEST VIRGINIAHaving Hard Times With Its NewDry Law.UNION SERVICES.The Paris Epworth League and theChristian Endeavor Society met in aunion service at the Christian churchSunday night, with Mr; Thos. Conners as lader for the evening. Thesubject discussed was "Hov and Whyto Abolish War."Special music had been arrangedDy tne lunueavors, winch consistedof solos by Mrs. B. R. Dickerson,i Miss Mary Hayden and Prof. A. L.Boatright. All the songs were accompanied by the Christian Endeavorj orchestra.Those participating in the discusjsion of , the subject vere: Miss HelenjHutchcraft, Messrs. Dennis Snapp, 'J.sW. Brown and Prof. Boatright. About100 were present. . '"Speakeasies and bootlegers havemade their appearance in West Virginia since the new Statewide prohibition law went into effect," remarked Theodore Stillwell, of Parkersburg, W. Va., at the Shoreham."These illicit dealers in intoxicantsare doing a thriving uusiness, nitwthstanding the persistent efforts ofofficials 'to enforce the new law. Inthe city of Wheeling, it is said liquoris sold freely, and the authoritiesadmit their inability to stop it. Insome of the countes raids have beenmade on many places,. More) than800 bartenders who were thrown outof employment in Wheeling have announced that they will hold a massmeeting to protest against their inability to get work in other vocations.So far the State has lost in its attempt to convict offenders of violations of the law."The law is driving many out ofthe State. Hundreds of foreign miners in the Fairmont district are departing to other coal fields, and un-lless the exodus is cheked mine offijciais say operations in tnat region-will be seriously hampered." Richmond, Va., Press-Dispatch.It (Advertisement)WILL BE TAXED DIRECTLY."When we have national prohibition of the manufacture and sale ofspirituous liquors, as our prohibitionfriends proudly promise will soon bea reality, this vast sum for the support of the government will have tobe raised from other sources, -andthen there will be weeping, wailingand gnashing of teeth, if placed "moredirectly upon the people.-r-Col. W. P.Walton, in Lexington Herald, August!26th. ,' It ( AnvarHRPmantIThe soil in Bourbon County is noted for producing the bestgrades of burley tobacco, which it yields in abundant crops.This advantage has increased the value of farm lands upwards of one hundred per cent, during the last ten years.The 8,500 acres in tobacco culture in Bourbon County now produces an annual crop which is valued at $1,000,000.Leading authorities have. proven by experiments that tobaccocultrue nets the farmer the greatest income per acreThe Virginia Prohibitionists have served notice on the tobaccointerests that after they wipe out the saloons and the liquortraffic, they will wipe out, what they call the "tobacco evil."What applies to Virginia as a tobacco manufacturing centerought to apply to Kentucky as a tobacco producing center.Some of the leading reformers in Kentucky have already declared, that after they succeed in wiping out saloons, they will""go after the legislature for laws that will prohibit the sale oftobacco in any form.This will eventually wipe out a market for the enormous tobacco product of the farmers of Bourbon County, an dour farmers will be forced to raise other and ess profitable crops.Can the farmers get the same return for their labor and investment if they are forced to quit tobacco culture for other crops?Leading authorities on farming say they can not.Can the farmer who has bought his farm on time payments,intending to pay it off on his returns from tobacco, meet his obligations if he is forced to go into less profitable farming?Will this uncalled for hardship which the reformer intends tcsaddle on the farmer not have a tendency to discourage farming and depreciate the value of farm lands in Kentucky andBourbon County.The reformers are now asking the farmers to help destroythe liquor traffic in B'ourbon County and turn the tide of business from Parte to Lexington.If they succted they will next call on the voters of BourbonCounty to help prohibit the sale of tobacco and destroy a market for our principal product.Can our "farmers afford to help .the reformers destroy a business which now pays per cent, of the taxes of BourbonCounty and assume the additional burden of taxation for them-selves?After -the liquor traffic is destroyed, they will go after tobac-', co. Afte"r tobacco, what next?tA'woVd to the wis ought to 'be sufficient.,mm9. - iH(advertisement):jfe,seft .j ' k. J i, NaSKtf: A-x-"'"fssLrV-NT?wjTHE BQUJBQN- NEWS. feRIft .KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 1, lff,,,KSpIHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADENOTICE.City tax lists for theyear 1914 are now inmy hands for collection at my office atthe Deposit and Peoples Bank.C. K. THOMAS,tf City Collector.SOCIAL MD PERSONAL.Miss Louise Wyatt has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Cynthiana.Mis Frances Hines, of Cincinnati, is a guest of Miss ElizabethGregory.v nr- t- t i j I -"Ana. uti cuweu is a, guest oi rei-1 Missesand "Wayne-SCHOOLS TO OPEN.All the county schools will open onMonday, September 7th.STETSON HEADQUARTERS.All the good shapes in Setson hatswe are now showing. 4 and $5.J. W. DAVIS & CO.TEACHERS' COUNCIL.Superintendent T. A. Hendricks, ofthe Paris Public Schwol, announcesthat a Teachers' Council ,will be heldat the Paris City School on Saturday, at 9 a. m.COL BAIN LECTURES.A large and appreciative audienceheard Col. Geo. W. Bain's address atthe court house, Sunday afternoon ontemperance topics. Col. Bain is asifted orator and handled his subjectably.SUITS, WAISTS, ETC., AT COST.Fall suits, waists, dresses and millinery arriving daily from the Eastern markets.HARRY SIMON.EASTERN STAR MEETINGThere will be a regular meeting ofParis Chapter No. 167, Order Eastern Star, at the lodge rooms to-night(Tuesday, Sept. 1) at 7:30 o'clock.All members are requested to attend.M. L.. DAILEY W. M.BUYS NICHOLAS FARM.M. A. Murray has sold his farm of305 acres, located near Carlisle, toMr. A. J. Ritchie, of this county, for$14,000. Mr. Ritchie will get possession immediately, taking over all thegrowing crops on the place.TAKES POSITION.Mr. Lewis Mitchell, son of Mr. andMrs. Albert Mitchell, of near thiscity, has taken a position with theJ. T. Hinton Company in their undertaking department, with a view ofadapting himself to the profession.FOR BOYS AND GIRLS.The best school shoes to be foundfor hoys and girls is at Feld's ShoeStore. (septl-tf)AT COST.atives in Decatur, 111.,town, Ind.Miss Eleanor' Clay has returnedirom a. visit to miss vioia Roy in iNicholasville.Miss Letitia Hedges has returnedfrom a protracted stay at Lake Chautauqua, N. Y.Miss Dorcas TJssery is visitingher sister, Mrs. Martha Waller Clark,in Cincinnati.Miss Alline Howe has returned toher home in Taylorsville, after a visitto relatives in this city.Miss Ruth Austin has returnedhome after a two-months' stay atLake Chautauqua, N. Y.Mrs. Thomas -Helm Clay has returned from a visit to relatives inLouisville and Columbus, O.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Kriener, ofJunction City, visited Mr. -and Mrs.N. Kriener and family, Sunday.Miss Jessie Pope has returned toher home in Covington after a twoweeks' visit to friends in this city.Mrs. George Erion, of Cypressstreet, has as gues:, her cousin, Mr.Bettie DeJarnett, of Kansas City, Mo.Mrs. Ben Woodford, Miss MaryWoodford and Messrs. James Dodgeand Jim Buckner are at OlympianSprings.Mrs. James Woodford, who hasbeen ill at the Massie Memorial Hospital, was able to return to her homeFriday.Mrs. Henry Craig and son, ofGeorgetown, are guests of Mrs.Craig's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jos.W. Davis.Miss Cornelia Blackburn, ofGeorgetown, was a guest of MissElizabeth Brown for the dance Friday evening.Mr. Forrest Hayden, of Columbia, Mo., who has been the guest ofMr. and Mrs. Lawrence Horton, hasreturned home.'Misses Matilda James and AnnaWilson attended the Assembly Danceat Beechwood Park," in Maysville,Thursday night.Misses Carolyn Roseberry andElizabeth Brown have returned froma visit to Miss Cornelia Blackburn,in Georgetown.Prof. Prentice Lancaster and sister, Mrs. Frank Burton, and children,are visiting Mr. and Mrs. Milton Burton, in Louisville.Mr. Frank Ireland arrived Saturday for a visit to his sister, Mrs.Mary Ireland Davis, and other relatives in this city and county.Senator and Mrs. E. L. Worthington. of Maysville, were guests of Mr.and Mrs. E. P. Ashbrook, near Hutchison, several days last week.Mrs. Alfred Washington andniece, Miss Mary Desha Lucas, havereturned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Hardin Lucas, in Scott County.Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Bashford,who have been guests of relatives Inthis city for an extended visit; havereturned to their home in St. Louis,Mo.Mr. Davis Hutchcraft, of theWilson, and hope itmay be but temporary. Mrs. Ed. Cantrill is very ill at herhome on Winchester street.Mr. Miller Casey, of Danville, isvisiting Mrs. Bettie Mcllvaine,Cypress street.Mr. Augustus Frederick Frendberg, of Birmingham, Ala., is a guestof friends in this city.Miss Catherine Patrick, guest orCharlotte and Marion Cram,BOURBON 'HORSES WINNERS.All summer goods in our store atcost if bought now.HARRY SIMON.has returned to her home in Cincinnati. k Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Cleveland,who have been at Crab OrchardSprings for several weeks, returnedFriday.Mrs. Janie Clay Zeverley, ofMuskogee, Okla., is a guest of hermother, Mrs. Green Clay, on HoustonAvenue.Mrs. Joseph Godman, of SouthMain street, who. underwent an operation at the St. Joseph Hospital, inLexington, last week, is improying.-Mrs. Edward Orme and two children have returned from a visit tothe former's parents, Mr. and Mrs.James T. Dykes, in Indianapolis, Ind.Police Judge E. Bi January, whohas been very ill for some time withan attack of bronchial pneumonia, isreported to-day as being greatly improved. Mr., and Mrs. Shields Bush, ofWinchester, entertained with a dinner in honor of Mrs. James McClure,of Paris, and Mr. and Mrs. Nick Winnand family of Florence, Alabama.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft and MissClara Belle O'Neil, with Miss SallieAshbrook, of Cynthiana, will go toAshland next week to attend theState meeting of the Missionary organizations and Sunday Schools ofChristian Church. -A delightful barn dance was given Wednesday evening by a numberof young men of the Hutchison precinct in the barn of Mr. LetcherWeathers, near Clintonville. Aboutone 'hundred and fifty guests werepresent and all had a most enjoyabletime.Miss Duane Kiely and friendMisa Haxnngton, of Cjrvihgton, spentSunday in Paris, the much enjoyedguests of Mrs. E. C. Kiely and familyon Main street. The young ladies returned home Sunday night, much tothe regret of relatives and admiringfriends.The following guests were present at a family reunion held at theresidence of Dr. J. T. Brown in thiscity, Sunday: Mr. and Mrs. Thos.McClelland, of Porto Rico; Dr. 'andMres. O. F. Brown, and son, of Avon,and Mr. and Mrs. O. P. Troutman,Mrs. Lizzie Toph and son and MissCarrie Brown, of Lexington.The following note is from Olympian Springs: "The Embry cottagesnear by have been occupied this summer by the well-known Embry family,all of whom have been pleasant companions to the guests of the hotel.Miss Elizabeth Embry. Mr. and Mrs.Wallace Embry, Mr. and Mrs. AlbertBridges and Mr. and Mrs. MarionBridges, from Mt. Sterling, . Cynthiana and Paris, have occupied them.Mrs. Nannie Embry Moore has alsobeen with them."Miss Virginia Cook, of Paris, wasa guest at 'the dance given by theI Barge Club on the Kentucky River,Astral Queen, the property of JohnT. Collins & Son, of near NorthMFddletown, was awarded the firston J premium in the best turnout ring attne Shelbyville Fair, last week. TheCollins horses also von second premiums in the ring for saddle stallion,gelding or mare and the three-gaitedgelding or mare ring.At Goshen, N, Y., recently WarrenBacon's Peter Billiken won a 2,000race, lowering the high-wheel recordby 2 seconds.STIWILL PROBATED.By the terms of the will of the lateMrs. Amanda Palmer, which -was admitted to probate in the .BourbonCounty Court Friday, she directsthat her property at Shawhan be converted int'b cash and the proceeds divided equally between, Mrs. J. I. Tateand the latter's daughter, Miss IdaBelle Tate, of Shawhan. The willprovides for a number of personalgifts to friends and Mr. H. H. Kriegel, of Shawhan, is named as executor. Mrs. Palmer died at Shawhanon August 18.NBUY NOW.You save 25 per cent, off by buying from Winters' now. (tf):sGAS!Cool mornings andevenings will soon behere. Prepare for themby installing Gas Heaters.We handleTaylor GratesyGarland Rangesand do all kinds of piping.NiilnA Word to "the Wise ifOwino tn thpvwnr prvnriThnns in TTmwno irnnnvfort mmt3- & V W W .. -WW. A VA AVAAW A. A XJ VIA. VJWf lilVX bVVt AVAchandise is veryjscarce. Many lines will be unobtainable'a little later. However, I have succeeded in purchasinglarge and desirable stock from the New York market.Dress Goods,-Silks and ,rAccessories. -and everything wanted to make the up-to-date garme:for Fall and Winter,We advise an early selection'.(X.srW. Ed Tucker;'--Exclusive Dry Goods Store.ft Paris' OnlyW .-.m9.'How Do the , Saloons.; Help Paris? .The people of Paris make the town. . t.r .XAnything that makes the individual man better, makesthe town better. NAnything that increases the efficiency of the wageearner, increases his earning power; increased- earningpower means increased spending power, which means. increased business for tne merchant. . .1PARIS GAS &ELECTRIC CO.Incorporated.iif5:Do saloons make better husbands, better sons, and cann rlvir, kin e-man do more work and better work than anabstainer?.Can a man buy baer and bread with the samemoney?Think it over with your brains, not your stomace, thenvote dry.(Advertisement. )Frankfort State Journal, was a vis- near Frankfort, Tuesday evening,itor to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J.! Perry Hutchcraft, in East Paris, Sun-LARGE LIFE INSURANCE.Fifty thousand dollars insurance onher life was carried by Mrs. Robert-0. Talbott, who died recently at theGood Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington. The insurance was placed withthe local representatives of the PennMutual Life Insurance Co,AT COST.All summer goods in our store atcost if bought now.M HARRY SIMON.THE NEW FALL STETSONS.Are here." Every good styleshape in new colors. ?4 and $5.J. W. DAVIS & CO.andADMINISTRATOR APPOINTEDDr. W. M. Miller, of Millersburg, onThursday, qualified as administratorof the estate of the late Elijah Allen,-a ho died in Millersburg .August 20.Dr. Miller qualified with Mr. T. E.Savage as surety, in the sum of $1,000. The estate consists of a houseand lot in Millersburg and cash inhank.MOONLIGHT BOATING PARTIES.Owing to the rise in the creek wexill be able to handle boating parties of any size.CHIPPEWA CLUB.(sept-1-lt) E. T. Phone 55.ELECTION COMMISSIONERSAt a meeting of the State Board ofElection Commissioners held atFrankfort, the county election commissioners for each county in theState were appointed. The Commissioners selected to serve in Bourbonwere: Messrs. B. B. Marsh, Democrat, and M. R. Jacoby, Republican.GO TO WINTERS'.Go to Winters' for good value goods.UNSUCCESSFUL ATTEMPTTO BLOW OPEN SAFE.The office of Chas. S. Bretit & Bro.,commission merchants, near the L. &N. Freight depot, was entered by burglars Friday night, and an effortmade to blow the safe. The safe vs alarge one with double doors. Thecombination knob was driven to oneside with a hatchet found in the officeand a charge of nitroglycerine inserted. Either the charge was insufficient or the yeggmen were amateurs, as the explosion did no damagt to the safe beyond bending thecombination. The noise of the explosion is supposed to have frightened them away. The safe containedouly about $ i--coin. The police areinvest igatiag. . .day.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Webber, Mrs.William Kenney and Mrs. Matt Kenney have returned from a visit to Dr.and Mrs. W. E. Risque, near Midway. Mr. W. K. Griffin, Chief TrainDispatcher of the L. & N., returnedyesterday from a month's vacation.He has spent most of the time withhis mother at Fairview, Ohio.Dr. F. L. Lapsley, Prof. M. HumeBedford and Dr. A. H. Keller wentto London, Ky., Saturday, where theytook part in the initiatory work ofconferring Masonic degrees on several candidates in the Masonic Lodgeof that city.Miss Riddle Gregory and Mr.Frank Smedley entertained with adance on Friday evening in the hall atHutchison Station. Splendid musicof piano, drum and violin was rendered and at midnight a tempting,substantial lunch was served.Miss Patsie Clark, of this city, isa guest of Miss Monnie Goddard, inHarrodsburg. She was a member ofa party that was entertained by Dr.Carroll Price, at the Club bungalowon the Kentucky River from Fridayto Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. Dan Wilson andthree children, of Shawhan, left Monday for Jonesboro, Ark., where theywill reside. Mr. Wilson made a tripto that section last April, and wasso impressed with the city and farming lands surrounding it, that he hasdecided to locate there, and will engage in farming.Misses Anna Louise White, Margaret and Edith Shive, Messrs. Preston White and Stuart Wallingford, ofthis city, are members of a houseparty being entertained by Mr. Horace Miller Clay in Shelby County.They were joined by Miss Mary Kentipv Webber, of near Paris, who isvisiting Mrs, Chowning in Shelby-viUeMr. and Mrs. B. . Dickerson, Mr.Mr. and Mrs. B. K. Dickerson, Mr.and Mrs. Lawrence Dickerson andson. of Paris, attended the marriagefof Miss Edna Riggs, of Cynthiana, toMr. William Edward Selim, of NewHaven, Conn., which occurred Thursday afternoon at the home of thebride, in Cynthiana, .Mr. James Temlin, of the citycarrier force of the Paris postoffice,accompanied by Master Teddy Templin, is spending his vacation withfriends and relatives in Ohio.Mrs. J. I. Bronson, Miss JuliaBronson and little nephew, who havebeen guests for the summer of Mrs.Bronson's mother, Mrs. Camilla Wilson, left Saturday for their home inJacksonville, Fla. They were accompanied by Mrs. Wilson, who willspend a part of the winter monthswith Mrs. Bronson, and the remainderof the time with her son, jVIr. Seymour Wilson, in New York. Herfrinds in this city, and. they arer numerous, regret the dapartureof Mrs.(Other Personals on Page 8)PREPARATORY SCHOOL TO OPENMy school will open on Monday,September 7th, 1914. Nunmber of pupils limited. Make application atonce for your children.MRS.FANNIEBELLE SUTHERLAND(28-3t)KODAKOn Your VacationYou Should Take aKODAKThey will enjoytaking picturesthe simple, easyKodak Way.You will be gladto have a picturestory of vacationdays.KODAKS, $5.00 up.BROWNIE CAMERAS, they worklike Kodaks, $1.00 to $12.00.jHIK I Kffy if J .SSTiir v" . i-. kgiiHIHilHflADaughertyBros.1 3Mi$sl)ouhtfirthehomelastiorjeam:ThereforeI That which you buy should be worth buying. We useI every endeavor to keep a stock of thetVery Best Furniture, Ria. Wall Papers Iand will be much pleased to have YOU come L and', investigate. We handle nothing second hand.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky-Phones 36 ' r -Undertaking-Ambulance-Wood Mantels J-rvicuoujgai KJtcnen Cabinets. Foster Bros. Safety Crlto f... 1 w- ..Iv;T-c? Jas!?w?www?w?iJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!V--:X.I-XwStL JPVS"&TRE J9B R00fflS -OFTHE ; : .BHRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingJust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.LUKE McLUKE SAYS(Cincinnati-Ensuirer.) tThere is a bright side to everything. When a man Knows it all itdoesn't take him long to tell it.The corsetless fad is all to thegood. It conserves the wobble and itdoes away with the ridge that usedto stick out in the rear of the shirt.The Stork is an awful fool in someways. He always picks out somepoor mutt who can't support twochildren and leave him about a dozenkids.Isn't it strange that poor people donot need as many surgical operationsas wealthy folk?When a woman has a face like ahorse she always wonders why themilliners select such unbecomingstyles in hats every season.Love will stand for a whole lot.But when a woman leaves her hairand her teeth and her complexion onthe bedroom dresser and slops aroundthe house in a greasy wrapper, Lovegoes out and gets soused.As long as a woman knows that herbungalow apron is fastened in therear she doesn't care whether you cancan see through it or not.Most men have to suffer for theircrimes. But Edison invented thephonograph and he is as deaf as apost.The old-fashioned man who used towait around for years for some oneto die so he could get a promotion,now has a son who does undertakingas a side issue.Mother does a lot of indignating because Sugar has gone up two centsper pound. But Father can't 3eeanything ,to worry about as long asBeer is only Five Indians per copy.There is one good feature about theclosed Sunday. A man can get on astreet car at midnight on Saturdayand get a cheap jag by merely breathing the atmosphere around him.The British Suffragettes pad theirclothes and call it Armor. Over herethey call it Hips and Busts.War may be Hell. But it has somegood points. It has crowded VincentAstor and his bride into the discord.And how is a fellow going to getinterested in the war news in his paper when he is sitting in a Summerstreet car and the girl in front of himis wearing a transparent waist andan X-Ray corset cover that doesn'tcome any higher than the middle ofher back?a 180-pound trunk anywhere a strangegirl asks him to lug it.Cbe Bourbon news,v 1 04 Issues a Year for;?$2.00. s - .Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.ZiUiMlUWlUUiiUkSAPPOINTEESWORRYNominees of President Have toRun GauntletWilson Having More Trouble In ThisRespect Than Any of His RecentPredecessors Causes Manyfor This Condition.Good Rules for Life.Blot out vain pomp, check impulse,quench appetite, keep reason under itsown control. Marcus Aurelius.VBut Why?If a man came to me and askedwhether I wanted a hydromerapod, Ishould naturally say no. LondonTruth.Daily Thought.I go at what I am about as if therewas nothing else in the world for thetime being. That is the secret of allhard-working men. C. Kingsley.Second Thoughts.Second thoughts are best. Oldproverb.LEXINGTON HERALDFOUR MOTHS FOR $1.00.Full Reports of War, Markets of theWorld, Special Service From BlueGrass Counties.The Lexington Herald has made aspecial- rate of $1 to the first of January. It publishes the full reports ofthe war; gives all the markets of theworld; covers the Blue Grass by itsown special correspondents. You cansecure all the information for lessthan a cent a day. Less than onepostage stamp will bring to your dooreach morning all the news of theworld. It will be worth many dollarsto you to know the price of the commodities in which you deal.Send your subscription to-day withyour address plainly written and enclose a check, postoffice order or thecash to the Circulating Department,Lexington Herald, Lexington, Ky. ItNow Well"Thedford's Black-Draughtis the best all-round medicineI eyer used' writes J. A.Steelman, of Pattonville, Texas."1 suffered terribly with livertroubles, and could get no relief.The doctors said I had consumption. I could not work atall. Finally I triedBLACK-DRAUGHTand to my surprise, I got better,and am to-day as well as anyman." Thedford's BlackDraught is a general, cathartic,vegetable liver medicine, thathas been regulating irregularities of the liver, stomach andbowels, for over 70 years. Geta package today. Insist on thegtnuine-rThedford's. E-701Washington, D. C President Wilson la having more trouble over hisappointees to office than any of hisrecent predecessors. In spite of thepersonal care he exercises in choosing men for high positions, the disposition even among the Democrats incongress to look askance at a newnominee for office has come to be ahabit.There are several causes underlyingthis attitude of congress. They maybe summed up as follows:1. 'Several of the old line Democrats have always believed that thesenate should exercise its constitutional prerogative of "advising" the president on nominations as well as "consenting" to them.2. Many of the Democrats, youngand old, have declaimed so fiercely under Republican administrations against"big business" that they cannot consistently vote for a man from thatfield of action for any office.3. Some senators have a permanent suspicion against any man nominated for office or at the suggestionof some of the cabinet officers.4. Any man who has written a bookor a newspaper article must submitto a critical review of his works before passing muster for office.6. The Republicans, in general, recalling the fact that the Democrats inthe senate held up President Taft'snominations through an entire ( session of congress, to save the places forthemselves, and, in many Instances,having concrete objections to some ofthe nominees, are ready to help outany Democrat ,who wishes to maketrouble over any of President Wilson's nominations.There seems to be no limit thesedays to the investigating activities ofthe congressional committees. If aman has the temerity to accept fromthe president an offer of a public officehe may as well prepare at once tocome to Washington, if the office isbig enough, and lay bare his wholelife to some sort of congressional investigating body.Some members do not hesitate tosay that congress is rapidly degenerating into a society of gossips. Theybelieve that the limits of decency havebeen overstepped in some cases andthat the quickest and best way todrive men of capacity and ability outof public office is to force them tosubmit to the inquisitorial prelimin-Our Daughter'T say, dad, I've just accepted Charlie Brown he's in the drawing-roomand if you've a minute you mightpop in and see him and talk it over;but please be quick, we've got to rush,out and see about the banns." London Opinion.HOW'S THIS.We ocer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. CHENEY & CO.. Toledo. O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the past 15 years,and believe him perfectly honorablein all business transactions and financially able to carry out any obligations made by his firm."NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Catarrah Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucus surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75 cts.per bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv augi)For Bills and Receipts.For the woman who hoards receiptsthere are bill or receipt books coveredwith cretonne in so many designs thatone can match almost any room. Thesebill books open and shut like an accordion, and the cover and flaps are alsoof cretonne.CONSTIPATION CAUSES1NESS.SICK-Don't permit yourself to becomeconstipated, as your system immediately begins to absorb poison fromthe backed-up waste matter. Use DrKing's New Life Pills and keep wellThere is no better safe-guard arainatI illness. Just take one dose truniot,25c, at your druggist.(adv aug.)NOT SO STRANGE AFTER ALL.You may think it strange that somany people are cured of stomachtrouble by Chamberlain's Tablets.You would not, however, if you shouldgive them a trial. They strengthenand invigorate the stomach and enable it to perform its functions naturally. Mrs. Rosie Rish, Wabash, Ind.,writes, "Nothing did me the leastgood until I began using Chamberlain's Tablets. It is decidedly thebest medicine for stomach trouble Ihave ever used." For sale by alldealers.(adv-augjModern Youth."What did Gwendolyn say whenyou asked her to marry you?" askedMr. Cumrox. "She told me to comeand see you," replied the confidentyouth. "Having done so, I shall goback and tell her that I don't objectto you in the slightest." WashingtonStar.INFECTION AND INSECTBITES DANGEROUS.Mosquitoes, flies and other insects, which breed quickly in garbagepails, ponds or stagnant matter, barns,musty places, etc., are carriers of disease. Every time they bite you, theyinject poison into your system fromwhich some dread disease may result.Get a bottle of Sloan's Liniment. Itis antiseptic and a few drops will neutralize the infection caused by insectbites or rusty nails. Sloan's Liniment disinfects Cuts, Bruises andSores. You cannot afford to be with-ary which now has become a requi-1 out it in your home. Money back ifsite to a mere favorable report for anomination.jOn the other side are many eminentsenators who assert that there is ample justification at this time for a careful scrutiny not only of nominationsfor office, but of legislation as well.They point oat that congress isamending so many of the Importantfundamental laws of the land that itbecomes congress to see that the administration of these laws is intrusted to men of proper qualifications,who will not play politics or servespecial interests.In part, at least, the senators arenot wholly responsible for the situation. Anybody who Is intimateenough with them to see their corresponde&ce from home will find outthat the "knockers" are not all deadyet. It is to be noted that the American voters who take the trouble toair their views to their congressmenare not only becoming more numerousbut more cocksure of the finality oftheir own opinions.Senators and representatives whoare to be candidates at the comingelections have to face this hounding,and it is in this sort of atmospherethrough which the nominations andlegislative suggestions of PresidentWilson have to pass.not satisfied,gist.Only 25c, at your DrugCad v aug.)CHURCH STEEPLE. A BEE HIVESteeplejack Gets 75 Pounds of HoneyFrom Belfry of Georgia TownBaptist Church.Dawson, Ga, For several years alarge swarm of bees has made itshome in the steeple of the First Baptist church of this city, and has beenindustriously storing up much honeyin this improvised hive.Recently it was determined to takethis honey, and the services of asteeplejack were engaged for the undertaking. He ascended the tallsteeple and located the hive and tookfrom it about 75 rounds of honey. Thepastor of the church, the sexton andothers were liberally supplied.Solve Servant Problem.Maplewood, N. J. Working on' thetheory that residents could not holdtheir servants because the townlacked amusements, the authoritieshave opened a motion picture theaterand show pictures each night. Mistresses supply their servants withmonthly tickets.Thought for Today.A fool and his grandfather's moneyare soon parted.Riches.The shortest road to riches liethrough contempt of riches. Seneca-PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.LVe. Court House.7:10 a m7.45 a m8.15 a m8.45 a m9.15 a m9.45 a m10.15 a m10.45 a m11.15 a m11.45 am12:05 p m'12.45 p m1.15 p m1.45 p m2.15 p m2.45 p m3.15 p m3.45 p m4.15 p m5.15 p m5.40v p m6.05 p m6.30 p m'City Limits Only.Lve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m.2.30 p m3.00 p m3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m6.40 p mKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERM1NAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Three-Dollar 'Nugget in Chick's Crop.Baker, Ore. A nugget worih f 3was taken from the crop of a chickensent to Baker from the Burnt River,country. W- F. Weeks, who paid $1.25for two chickens was the lucky purchaser, who got not only" hii dinnerf or' OQtAiDC, but.a-'bomu in aAUUflft.h V4fis-' ,."Leave LexingtonFor Paristj.uu a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 am10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m3,:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p mDaily except Sunday-Leave Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 am9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m10:05 p mEPAR!COUTY COURT DAYS.Bathing and Boating.Below is a list of the days CountyCourts are held each month in coun,ties tributary to Paris:Anderson, LawreceDurg, 3d MondayBath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, lnt Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Pendleton, Falmobcn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Woodford, Versailles. 4th Monday,Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, nd Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday.Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Monday.ATTENTION, !::Do You Know We Handle. the CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.PCR8G HRTELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home PhonelO!SStraussBros.& Co'sNewOcaNo. 8! On Sale at All ICigar Stands.;Free- DANCING -Freey Afternoon and'Jjiyening. VMusic by SdiemMTs Qnfaettra"V SlewP sm? mflnKJx. $3elthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome ttian clear, steady light. Insnrethis by fretting the oil that hurnsclear and clean withont a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Conts no more than the inferioitnnkwacon oils- saves MONEY savesWORK ave? eve.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our worksCiias. C. Stcli Oi! Co. ,;Lexington, Ky.P.e&Bery jt WarreaJte"ur.J " Auto OIL ' h- "--- y- "Sixg,V-. '-. , . W-.v' ..-' T V 111Tmr&SJ.!JUST-INTiurY- . "' ,A,TT PPlDENT MAN "OES NOTTAKE A C NANCE '- NE PUTS NSMONEYN THE BAM WffPEJTf3SAFE, AND PEADYrOJ? A C00lBlSNESS OPPORTUNITYMak Oun dank Your dank.WE CAN ADVISE rOU.$w oi. & wr JMmi!GEMFoolish, indeed, is the' man who "chances" all theearnings of his lifetime on some good-seeming investmentyithout first thoroughly investigating its merits. We shallcheerfully advise with our customers or their friends onmoney matters.We, ourselves, stick strictly to SAFE BANKINGru siness ; and we advise everyone to "look before he leaps"aid takes what may prove ay disastrous "chance."Make OUR bank YOUR bank.We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPITAL $150,000.00SURPLUS 80,000.00STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY.... 150,000.00Protection to Depositors $330,000.00S. E. BEDFORD, Presfdent. ' C. K. THOMAS, CashierERNEST MARTINNEW LIVERY STABLE!New Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc.' (SpecialJ Attention Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.Horses Boarded By Day, Week or Month!WALTER MARTIN4JCDC))f)ce8 Hauling of Every Description Done.,fticccft0Transfer Business a Specialty.Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streetplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS.Stables Eigth St., Main St.Both PhonesBEFORE THECZAR'S MEN.ALLIES HOLDING KAISER'S MENBACK.PARIS, Aug. 28. While Paris is actively preparing for possible siege,the' War Office insists that theFrench lines of defense are holdingfast.It is admitted the Germans haveforced the gap near Longwy and arepouring regiments into France at thatpoint.The bridges across the Meuse havebeen destroyed and the French, arestrongly entrenched from Verdun toSedan with an enormous amount ofartillery massed in the trenches,ready to check the advance.The British, supported &y strongdetachments of French, are holdingthe northern positions, with Cambraias the base, fronting on the famousgap of Treves, through which, themain German army is moving..The French cavalry forces are reported to have frustrated the attemptof the Germans to raid the Department of Pas De Calais and to havedriven the TJhlan invaders fromArras.There is grave apprehension in thecity. It is admitted the French resistence is being subjected to thesupreme test, and that if the lines donot hold, Paris may be besieged.Some Paris Pedplt May WaitTiil It's. Too Late:AMERICANS ADVISED TO COMECOME HOME.'WASHINGTON, August 28. Twoserious developments in the Europeanwar situation, so far as the UnitedStates is concerned, arose hereThursday.Secretary Bryan announced to therepresentatives of European Powersthat the armored cruiser North Carolina was to be sent to Turkey withgold for stranded Americans, who, ithas been reported, were in danger ofbeing massacred by the Mussulmans.Aonther announcement, in the formof an order which was cabled to foreign Ambassadors, urged all Americans to leave Europe without delay.While the North Carolina goes on amission "of financial relief, her presence in Turkish waters is intended tohave a salutary effect with respect tothe treatment of Christians and foreigners generally residents of the pttoman Empire.Before taking this step the UnitedStates took precautions to sound thePowers of Europe as to whether theywoud object to the sending of anAmerican warship to Europe. In viewof the extreme tension which prevails at Constantinople, and the prob-ability that Turkey soon 'will be'drawn into the European conflict, theAmerican Government desires tomake plain that its purpose in sending the ship is in no way political,but designed only to aid and protectAmericans.NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.I am pleased to announce to my many patrons and to the public generallythat, after being closed since May 1, 1914, I have again resumed the Junk Busi-KAISER WILHELM DER GROSSESUNK BY A BRITISH CRUISER.LONDON, Aug. 28. The KaiserWilhelm Der Grosse has been sunkoff the west coast of Africa by theBritish cruiser Highflier.Winston Spencer Churchill, FirstLord of the Admirality, announcedthe sinking of the Kaiser WilhelmDer Grosse in the House of Commonsto-day. He said:"The Admirality has just receivedintelligence that the German armedmerchant cruiser Kaiser Der Grosse,armed with four-inch guns, has beensunk by H. M. S. Highflyer off thewest coast of Africa."This is the vessel which has beeninterfering with traffic between thiscountry and the cape, and is one ofthe very few German armed auxiliarycruisers which succeeded in gettingto sea. The survivors were landedbefore the vessel sank. The Highflyer had one killed and five wounded."The Kaiser Wilhelm Der Grossewas 626 feet long with a beam of 66feet. It was on this vessel that thelate Mayor Gaynor, of New York, wasshot as he was about to sail forEurope in August, 1910.Don't wait until too late.Be sure to be-in time.Just in time with kidney ills.Means curing the backache, the dizziness, the urinary disorders,That so often come with kidneytroubles.Doan's Kidney Pills are for thisvery purpose.Here is testimony to prove theirmerit.Mrs. B. F. Ball, 718 Lancaster St.,Lexington, Ky., says: "One of ourfamily was sick for three x monthsfrom kidney trouble and a lame back.He had sharp pains in his back andwas so lame and sore that he couldn'tturn in bed without help. His limbsached day and nisrht and swp!1pibadly. His head ached and he oftengot dizzy. He was irritable and hadtrouble from irregular passages of theKianey secretions. If the secretionsstood for a little while, there was adark sediment deposited. He doctored and tried all kinds of kidney remedies, but nothing helped him untilhe used Doan's Kidney Pills. Threeboxes drove away the troubles."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Ball recommends.Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y.GETTING MONOTONOUS.AJI(an$Dnnk ,JI (Vomans Drinkfyertiodp Drink'Jr..r. i 'I :? ?--'SBBi&' ?5rf?m.s..tiKM&P"-.-:, iJLJkI?'!&&..- : 'h:rs"Carnivals in a way are verygood," says the Winchester Sun, "butthey are getting entirely too numerous and are becoming monotonous."That's just what the News has beensaying.The carnivals are pretty muchalike, only some of them are worsethan others. Central Kentucky hasbeen pretty thoroughly worked bythese aggregations. There are betterand more wholesome amusements.No body gets much value for themoney spent in these carnival attractions. For the most part the showsare poor, and the money that is spentin patronizing them could be spentto better purpose in a thousand different ways.The News' editorial in its last issueoccasioned very favorable comment,and a good deal of it from some mostunexpected quarters, and is beingwidely copied by the newspapersthroughout Central Kentucky.And we appreciaate the compliment.Raw Potato fop Burns.A raw potato is a good remedy forburns. Scrape or grade the potato andapply it like a poultice to the injuredsurface.Dally Thought.They say. that walls have ears. Maythese four walls of ours hear onlylaughter and kindly speech. MyrtleReid.Trying Times."Is your husband pleased with hisappointment to the bench?" 'Tmafraid not. He says it's a very tryingsituation." Buffalo Express.One Redeeming Feature.The fool men have a lot of faults.But bless theirN hearts, they don't kisseach other when they meet on thestreet. Cincinnati Enquirer.Life's Measure.The true measure of life islength but honesty. John Lyly.notAlmost every man has a flock ofPrejudices that he calls his Principles.''ess.Highest Market Price Paid for ftH Kinds ofIron, Hides, Etc.All goods must be delivered at the Baldwin Co.'s Packing House on CypressStreet, extended. - ,Those coming with goods must notify me at my office on West EighthStreet, Paris, Ky.My stock of Scrap Iron on Eighth Street will be disposed of as soon as aPurchaser can be found.Respectfully,MAX MUNICH,C9aug-2t)KY.PARIS,Vacation Time Coming.Mot a man going down the streettc ether day with a French dictionary, a book of familiar quotations andjr encyclopedia. Said he was expecting hi daughter home from the board&Z school. Philadelphia Telegraph.The Summer tide. ;. Heave ever to'thr sNMrlitfe.fl(vuudc TennyiJewelry, Perhaps.A western court has just decidedthat a wooden leg is "wearing apparel." Under what classificationwould it put a bone head? Puck.IDefining Candor,Candor is telling the other fellowsomething about himself that makes-Mm. sor rat. .you.1-Milwaukee FreeWAR AGAINST BELGIUM, DECLARED BY AUSTRIA.VIENNA, (Via London), Aug. 28Austria to-day declared war on Belgium. The Belgium Ambassador washanded his passports at the' ForeignOffice, all diplomatic relations brokenand the way cleared for Austriantroops joining the Germans in the operations on Belgian soil if necessary.,Until to-day Belgium was the onlyone of the allied Powers at war onlywith Germany.GERMANS CLAIM ALLIES' ARMYIS SURROUNDED".WASHINGTON, Aig. 28. That theFrench army has "been divided andpart of it is now practically surrounded by the Germany, was the announcemnt made by the German Embassy to-day."As a result of the recent encounter," one of the wireless, messages,dated at Berlin to-day, said, "theFrench and English armies on theSambre and Meuse Rivers have beensurrounded by German troops on allsides. The French east army waspartly driven to the south."This- prevented commnication between the French east and northarmies, while all the German arjniesare in contact from Cambrai to upperAlsace."POTTS AT IT AGAIN.The News is in receipt of a copy ofthe Princeton Press, published atPrinceton, Va., on which a subscription contest is being conducted byMr. W. C. Potts, of Grand Rapids,Mich., who conducted a similar contest on the Bourbon News some yearsago.lllfllltftlJlllltlMlfrlllfrltfrltfr2SILOBARNSARE BEINGBULIT BYALL MODERNFARMERS.WE , INSURETHEM...We Make a Specialty ofCountry Property-COV.3K-.ar." s:"SJl'-gfts-.-' .a-85s& $ffiBBBBf "88 " Wi,.mgWE ISURE AGAINSTFIRETORNADOLIGHTNINGI In Strong,Reliable,PromptPaying Companies.4,'Mdst of us have, little trouble following . . the -, Biblicav . admonition!W. 0. HINTON; &.S0N,"the mew; firiw.xS vibs?5 T-s9"i'"4":'' '" """ w ' -A igorously good and keenlym delicious. Thirst -quenching m . ;and refreshing. . wI The national beverage f Jf Vm and yours. mim v-L Demand the genuine by full name- JBjHSSVv'L Nicknames encourage substitution. VfHBSilv1. WKmaStm "THE COCA-COLA COMPANY XmCHnl -'-Whenever A,,, . lS'jm ' y '-. ik. "uaijw' tt- .zzrXMmyou see anArrow thinkof Coca-Cola.. t-t . ,3!V. 4:4L. & N. TIME-TABLE? ,-'rEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913 - I, ?. Traiaas -A-rrrve t;;No. FROM ' ?' V , -34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5:21aM '134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 5:18;29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y ,7:35;7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 7:38;10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45Ta40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:42 am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily . 9:38 am ?3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10:20 amj.z Liexmnon. isjr.. uauv . iu:iham vas ninHmuiti. O Tlnilv 1C-OA ..' -"26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m,25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 1 3:10 pea .'.9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:15 pm,138 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:33 9m38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:30 pe A-5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5:35 pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6:18pm , V32 Jacksonville, "Fla.," Daily 6:23 pm .31 Cincinnati, O., Daily . 10:50pmTrains IDeioart ",No. . TO " ' v a- , r J v34 Cincinnati, O., Daily ..,.. 5:28 am-f "4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:35 am.7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:47 am, -40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7:50am- -'5 ;10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. 7:50 am' v ." .29 Lexineton. Ky.. Daily 9:43 am " v.... m" ' TV-si- 1 n.Atr '6i Jnoxvnie, xenn., uany -. a.toau33 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily 10:29 am133' Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:27am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily .- ... 12:05 pmoc ri-irTiTTiioTio Trv "nilv "RlTPP-nt Sn-nrlnv 12:04 am i k13 Lexington,' Ky.,' Daily Except Sunday.' '. 3 : 33 pmv ' .38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3:40 piy jttowiauu, xy., uany rjAVicyi. ouuuajr &39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:58 pm ..32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6:28 pm'v8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:25pm - ,30- Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:40 pm - v31 Lexington. Ky., Daily 10:55 pm ,. st131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:57 prn. 7 wTrains .A-rri-veNo.. FROM - z2 ' Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:40 vet: -4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5: 50 p -mTrainsDeart , 4?No. TO , .1 Frankkfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday xnv3 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:25' 4vSPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co.lias recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence with.women, which, proves its Superiority.Women' who' have been, cured aayit is-''worth.its1 wifaY Uf sold." At-. - ? v. - i .Curtis&OverbjrBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS -Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHor and Cofd JBaths atHoursNo Long Waks., t-"WIA Sbre.of the Prtfic Pi', a .. vafiransu layiuK ud trefusums . ucrc vu . , ;, . ,, e .v - r . Tiaruopni. niw. tarjee doz'ot pt iu. l .vi namwR okkih.om.j.1. - " -.- Frsss. 0:" -,", ' . earth. AL ,V Vx. V "V . '?sm rtiifcSJitt I iiiiri w t hi i t TteaPaxtoaTQast Co.. BossmTliisC ,v V -'W:' .f? iM"iTBSftiiiCTmffiffiiiiifr'r r' 'C ' ' "i' "i i Mil i i Tir-i , ' i Tn ilifr n i w t inf. ' " 1 1 'f ' T i'ltf j'llr ' mi i riitffiffitfnroMiiM.Vw y'vT';,"' "-J11f .r"Vf w IW-H$- i -THE JBOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KY., SEPTEMBER 1, 1914,$40,000 STOCK TO BE SOLD QUICK!iX::'jfOIEniT"!t25CEirTTJrELlJrhNOW GOING ON!4Every article in .our immense stock will be sold at one-fourth off for CASH. We want to reduce the stock and at the sametime RAISE CASH. This Kbig reduction is mede on everything except diamonds. A rare chance to save money onWatches, Rings, Silverware, Novelties, Clocks, Bronze Statuary, Purses, Umbrellas,n fact, everything goes in this sale. Remember you can't buy the WINTERS kind of jewelry exept at WINTERS' STORE, thestore with a reputation.Everything MarkedINPlain Figures!k. J. WINTERS & CO25 Per . Cent OffFORParis, Kentucky.fHEWS OF M1LLERSBURGBorn, to Mr. and Mrs. Tom Fay,a -daughter first born.Mr. A. M. Allen has purchased ahandsome new automobile.Miss Jennie Marshall, of Flemangsburg, is the guest of Miss EthelFisher.Mr. Alex Hughes, of Chicago, 111.,is the guest of his grandmother, Mrs.Alex Butler.Mrs. R. F. Collier, of Paris, wasthe guest of her mother, Mrs. MarthaPurnell, Thursday.Miss Mattie Iclntyre is 'theguest of her sister, Mrs. C. W. Howard, of Lexington.Mrs. Reynolds Letton has returned home after a two-weeks' sojournat Crab Orchard Springs.Mrs. Mattie Jones and childrenhave returned home after a visit torelatives in Mason County.Mrs. W. A. Young and childrenspent from Saturday until Monday"with relatives in Lexington.Miss Irene Tackett has returnedhome after a several months' visit torelatives at Birmingham, Ala.Mrs. Ashby Lejr, who is at St.Joseph Hospital, Lexington, for several days, is slightly improved.Miss Mollie Xllen, who is at Massis Hospital, Paris, ill with typhoidfever, continues about the same.Misses Corrington, of Hot Springs,Ark., are guests of their uncle andaunt, Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Corrington-Miss Hazel Kerr returned homeSunday, after a three-weeks' visit toher sister, Miss Jessie Kerr, of Maysville. The Misses Rutter have returnedto their home at Avondale, after aVisit to Misses Nola and Mary BruceRedd.-Mr. H. B. Cray and family, ofLexington, were guests of Mrs. Margaret Mitchell and family, Thursday.They were enroute to their new homeat Phoenix, Arizona.Mr. A. S. Best has returned froma business trip to Cincinnati, returning by the way of Maysville, and wasaccompanied home by his wife anddaughter, who have been the guest ofher parents, Dr. and Mrs. Hunter, atWashington.Mr. and Mrs. Kloxheme, of Ohio,and Dr. William Savage and family,of Cincinnati, are quests of their father and sister, Mrs. Tom Savage anddaughter, Miss Mary.Mr. William Letton, of Atlanta,Ga., is the guest of his mother, Mrs.Jennie Letton, and family. Mrs. Letton has been the guest at the Lettonhome for several weeks.SOGIALIDPERSONAL'THE LAST DANCE."SAVE ONE-FOURTHGet fine values at Winters' $1.00worth for 75c. tfREFRIGERATORS REDUCED.Read these prices Refrigerator,$35.00 kind, now $25.00, while theylast. The New Iceberg and theOdorless.(7-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.PUBLIC NOTICE.Two-thirds of the people of Parisuse hydrant water for drinking purposes. The less water in Stoner thegreater the probability of pollution.Do not use it extravagantly. It is better to sacrifice the beauty of thelawn or the fruitfulness of the gardenthan to chance a human life,(tf) A. H.- KELLER, Health Officer.Youth and beauty predominatedin the assembly that gathered at theMasonic Temple, (Elks' Hall) Fridaynight to participate in the pleasuresof the last subscription dance of theseason. These entertainments, whichhave been the most notable of anyever given by the younger societyelement of Paris, are now interruptedby the spectre of "school days,"which will take most of the dancersback to book and studies.The dance, which was promoted byMessrs. Ireland Davis and LucienArnsparger, was a dainty affair, andwag thoroughly enjoyed by all.The hall was beautifully decoratedin green, wbjite nd tango yellov,long ropes of Southern smilax drapedfrom the chandeliers lending theirtones to the color scheme. The famous Wright's Saxaphone Trio fromColumbus, O., stationed in the balcony, furnished dance music thatcouldn't be resisted, and from 9:30to 4, with an intermission from 12 to1, nimble feet went through themazes of popular dances to the silentaccompaniment of laughing eyes andhappy hearts. At midnight a luncheon, consisting of old ham, chickensalad, beaten biscuits, cheese andnut sandwiches, pickles and coffee,wes served.Messrs. Davis and Arnsparger, nowknown as "Premier Dance Promoters," contributed largely to the pleasures and success of the event, as indeed, they have all others, and theguests of the evening were warm intheir praise.The following guestS were presentand participate in the pleasures, ofthe evening:Misses Cornelia Blackburn, MaryNell Finnell, Frances Finnell, Frances Luke, (Georgetown) j CicilyBohon, (Versailles) ; Genevieve andAnne Molloy, Lillian Julian, FrancesMilward, Heady Freeze, (Lexington);Elizabeth Brown, Elizabeth Hinton,Elizabeth Crutcher, Elizabeth Steele,Anna Wilson, Anna Embry, FrancesChampe, Nell Crutcher, CatherineWilson, Matilda James, CarolynRoseberry, Miss Smith, (Paris.)Messrs. Paul Hite, (Frankfort);Sam Hill, ( Shelby ville) ; LaurelBotts, (Louisville) ; Mr. Moorman,(Falmouth) ; Renick Smith, (Texas) ;Ben Plummer, Henry Cromwell, William Addams, Mr. Taylor, C .B. Mosely (Cynthiana) ; Lucien Farrell,(Nicholasville) ; Roy Batterton, Harry Horton, Duke Brown, John Ardery,Sidney Ardery, Douglas. Clay, JohnPrice, Hiram Roseberry, HarmonTurner, John Stuart, Tom Prichard,Chas. W. Fithian, G. C. Thompson,Alvin Thompson, Geo. White Fithian,John Kreiner, Ernest Behler, EdwardMcShane, Edward Spears, Blair Var-den, Joe Davis, Edward Vansant,Drake Thompson, Jr., Lucien Arnsparger and Ireland Davis, (Paris) ;W. O. Ashurst, Herbert Switzer, JackPayne, W. W. Ward, J. Will Hall,Luke Abbett, A. K. Stone, Jas. Ed.Cantrill, (Georgetown) ; PrenticeSlade, Waller Squires, HarrisonThomas, Rogers Moore, Tom Ashbrook, Tom Walker, Ward McAllister,Wm. McAdams, Jack Gordon, Bradley Railey, Will Walton, Carroll Dale,J. R. Hughes, George Gallegher, Carroll Bird, (Lexington).Chaperones Mr. and Mrs. CharltonAlexander, Mr. and Mrs. EdwardPrichard, Mr. and Mrs. Fayette Ardery, Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Fithian,Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champe; Mr. andMrs. Lebus, (Cynthiana) ; Mrs. FrankM. Clay, Mrs. Kate Wilson, Mrs.Mollie James, Mrs. Milward and MissJulian, (Lexington).Mr. Rudolph Davis left to-day fora business trip to Frankfort and Louisville. Mrs. Harry Simon arrived homeSaturday from a business trip to Chi-Miss Anne Hieser, who has beena guest for a few days of her sister,Mrs. Edward Summers, returned toher home in Falmouth to-day.cago.Misses Marie Scott and NannailMcPherson, of Scott Avenue, have returned from a three-weeks' visit tothe former's sister, Mrs. R. W. Logan, in Cincinnati.Miss Nancy Smr.rt left yesterdayfor Lexington, where she will join aparty bound for Atlantic City for aten-days' pleasure trip.Other Personals on Page 5)HATHAL.1COMPELLED TOMAKE ROOM!Fall Goods Arriving Daily and Crowding Us For Room! The Balance ofOur Summer Shoes Must Go! Not a Pair Must Be Left Over!The Final Cut of Our Great Sale!Ladies' Colonial Pumps, French heel,$3.00 values at..' $1.4-99Ladies' Canvas Colonial Pumps, Frenchheel, $3.00 values at , 1 .49Ladies' Canvas Baby Doll Pumps, bestgrades at $149 and .99Ladies' Suede-Pumps, $3.00 and $2.00values at 1 '.49Ladies' Kid and Gun Metal Oxfords,200 pairs, $2.00 values at. .' 99Ladies' High Shoes at Similarly Cut Prices.Men's Tan and Black Rubber Sole Oxfords, $4.50 values at .. .$2.99Men's Tan Rubber Sole Shoes, $4.00 val-ues at 2.49Men's Walk-Over Oxfords, broken sizes,$4.50 values at : 2.99Men's Tan Vici Oxfords, $4.00 values, at $2.99 and 2.49'Men's Shoes and Oxfords, $3.00 valuesat 1.99Men's High Shoes at Similarly Cut Prices.High Grade Misses' and Children's Shoesand Slippers at the Final Out Prices.I ID .A. 1ST COHEN'S Ii V Greatest Shoe Store r,;i ifk ,t V i A " " " '' " ,mmmXmmilmmlmmf'kr J'''' -r rTifTiifflfffl - t- w- - ""!&&& v K.dSimJiL sJWiHMMMMail'iiiiiiimliMWHirrinii'iiiii ii naiili'fflTiii mimimmf--itwH t j- v r i r - rttffifiliiilmColumbia Theatre To-day.A Tragedy of the Orient, (Broncho)Miss Tsura Aoki and a company,made up for the most part of Japanese players, have done well in thistwo-reel with a story which has a distinctively Oriental flavor."Sealed Order" in two parts, isthe tale of the other feature for today. J. Warren Kerrigan plays theleading part.Columbia To-Morrow.Episode No. 8 The Wiles of a Woman The conspirators determine toget rid of Norton, who is too activeagainst them. They carry out several dastardly schemes all of whichfail. Finally, in desperation, they decide to throw him through a manhole and let him drown in the sewer.Their plan progresses successfully.He is thrown through the man-hole,but fate, playing his side of the battle, brings ahout his rescue after aterrible struggle for life in the darkness of the sewer. The Countess sayshe bers a charmed life. They decidethat to estrange Florence and Norton, who are secretly engaged, willhelp them. Braine and the Countessform a shrewd plan which the Countess artfully carries out, wherebyFlorence in deceived into believingNorton false to her and she fleesfrom the Countess' apartment inheart-broken grief."POTASH & PERLM UTTER."There is a laugh in every line of"Potash & Perlmutter," the famouscomedy of the cloak and suit tradethat manager A. H. Woods will present at the Paris Grand on Thursday,September 10th, direct from its second year at the Cohan Theatre, NewYork City. The three-act play is onelong riot of humor humor brokenfrom time to time by patho3 and suspense enough to form a strong framatic contrast which holds the aud.ence spell-bound until the very lastword is spoken. Greggs' ImperialOrchestra of the Colonial Theatre,Lexington, will furnish the music.LOOK! LOOK!Think of it ?8.00 and $8.50 greenand brown Porch Chairs, at $4.50,while they last.(7-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.PREPARATORY SCHOOL TO OPENMrs. W. A. Harp and Miss S. A.Dunn will open a College PreparatorySchool for girls and boys at 50DHigh Street, Paris, September 7,1914. Miss E. D. Giltner will be director of the music department. Parents desiring to enter their childrenwill please call East Tennesse 79.(18-6t)wwwwwwwwwwwSOME BOOTLEGER.When Patrolman James Morelandsearched Sherman Dupree, colored,whom he arrested yesterday on acharge bootlegging whisky in a localoption precinct, the search revealedliquor in varying quantities, amounting in all to about six quarts cunningly concealed in various portionsof Dupree's clothing. He was given$50 and costs and serve the countyfor a few months.POCKETBOOKSare the handiest way tocarry paper and silvermoney. We have a largeassortment of Purses,Bill Books and Combination Purses that are sureto please you.Purses, genuine leather, in both snap and drawstring style, at 25c. Agood value.Folding CombinationPurse, one side for silver,the other for paper money, at 25 and 50 cents.v Card Cases and BillBooks at 50c each. Madeof real leather and willwear a long while.Other Purses 5c, 10cand 15c.Peoples PharmacyPARIS, KY.Doyle Building Sth and Main."Watch Our Windows."WwWWWW WW WVW WW www99999999999999999999999VA Z,t'43''?'Z""Z'"&'$!'K 'I'"I'll"I"I,,InI"lMllfTTTSBigCake WalkAt TheColored Fall Festival, IFriday, Sept. 18, 1914,?2:30 P. M.Special Reservation Made For TheWhite People.s.Couples From All Parts of the country will compete for the prize of $25.00, divided $5.00, $7.00 tand $3 00. - 'Admission, 25 Cents.steve moore,"rt VjSegsreUiry.r- -t rI AW. MArflNt- - .w-. m-.w. j--,,.nPWNMlHtlMIIUIMiMHIHIIJMMdT -v- && .pAtfiMwai. t' -' 'XIyF iLia& 2gy . i