THEBOURBONNEWS'ifc&i'w, :N. - .swjHfcr'7V"!PUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR011VOLUME XXXIIALEXANDER 8 CTTlGE ADVANCE:BANK IS CLOSEDBY COMMISSIONERState Officials Close DoorsAfter Making An Investigation of AffairsRECEIVER TAKESFULL CHARGE"Bad Loans Is Said to HaveCSS? '--! . ''-.,'". -s-BVBeen Cause of Failure ofInstitutionThe bank of George Alexander &'Co., of this city has been closed byorder of State Banking CommissionerThomas -J. Smith and the affairs havebeen placed in the hands of the StateBanking Department for liquidation.Mr. Buckner Woodford, Sr., has beenappointed special commissioner towind up the bank's affairs.This action was taken by a majority-of the Board of Directors of the banklate Tuesday afternoon, at whichmeeting the report was placed beforethe board, after the examination,which had just been completed byState Bank Examiner John B. Clienault. Thomas J. Smith, StateBanking Commissioner attended themeeting, as did Deputy CommissionerRankin R- Revill and Examiner Chenault. None of the officials while herewould discuss the conditions leadingto the closing of the bank.The directors who made the orderm .jdSrl 'CONVENTION OF - -H1MADEBY REBELSMay Affect Settlement ofDifficulties With theHuerta PartyNIAGARA FALLS, ONT., May 21.-There is a feeling on the part of theDrinciDals to the TTlPfHatinn rnnfor.ence here that the savage advance ofthe constitutionalist army under Gen.Villa inevitably must have a bearingupon the settlement of the difficultiesbetween the United States and Huerta s party.When the South American mediators withdrew the invitation theyhad extended to General Carranza tosend delegates to the Niagara Fallsconference, because of the refusal ofthe constitutionalists leaded to agreeon an armistice to continue duringthe sessions, it was stated that theconference would norceed to a consideration of questions growing out ofthe Tampico incident and subsequentcauses of irritation between the Mexican federal army and the Americanmilitary forces.Official reports coming yesterdayfrom constitutionalist forces reciting the victories of Villa and his armyin the Saltillo campaign have convinced the Mexican representativeshere that Huerta's foes -cannot bestopped. Moreover, the execution ofFederal general and his entire staffby Villa has impressed upon them thefact that leaders of the Federal armycannot hope for mercy if they fallinto the hands of the constitutionalists.closing the bank were Harry B'. Clay,E. P. Claybrook, J. W. Bacon, J. jI.Brennan and R. B. Hutchcraft.Tie bank at the time of its last ex-s-amination,had a capital, of $40,000and -showed a surplus of $22,500 withdeposits of $204,343.04, wjth loans and.'other securities showed-the bank to oe.fully solvent.The last public statement was inJanuary Bankers' Encyclopedia,-which showed: Capital, ?40,000; surplus, $21,000; deposits, $275,000; cashon hand, $41,000; loans, bonds andother securities, $342,000.The extent of the loss to the depositors and stockholders will be determined after the real value of thebanks' assets are determined.Mr. Alexander, president of the concern, will make no statement otherthan the cause of the banks' failurewas due to bad loans, and excessiveloans. The losses incurred by suchloans it is said will go beyond $150,000.This loss, it is said, does not includeindividual notes held against Mr. Alexander, to an amount said to be fully $100,00.Mr. Alexander, upon the closing ofthe bank, said he would turn over hisindividual and personal estate for thebenefit of the banks' depositors andhis creditors, and accordingly on Wednesday made an acsinment to SamuelClay, of Bourbci county. No schedule of his asee'. - liabilities havebeen filed in the t - ity Court andMr. Clay has not yet . ared to qualify as the administrator of lie estate.Mr. Woodford, who is President of theBourbon Bank & Trust Company, ofthis city, Wednesday at noon assumedthe receivership of the bankWASHINGTON, May 21. A reignof terror, during which the lives ofhundreds of Americans would be endangered, is imminent in MexicoCity.Conditions in many sections of therepublic are described, in messagesreceived here, as turbulent, and it isfeared that the Federals at the capital will revolt against Provisional'President Huerta and precipitategeneral rioting.The Administration has decided itwill use arms, if necessary, to insurethe safe landing at Tampico of munitions of -war consigned to the Constitutionalists in order that they mayhasten the elimination of Huerta.Anting Secretary of the Navy Roosevelt threw light on .tncnecision orthe Administration to maintain lampico as an open port. Hedidnot gointo details, but he said enough toshow that the Administration has definite ideas about how far it will go tokeep the port open.The only individual in the worldwho has any desire to close Tampico, it now being a Constitutionalistport, is Huerta. The only reason hewould want to blockade and close itis to keep vessels from getting inwith carsoes of arms and ammunition!for the Constitutionalists.PORCH SHAfJES.We sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.(5-tf) " A. F. WHEELER CO.BIBLPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 22, 1914.OFE SCHOOLS IS ,HELDJNTHIS CITYLargest Gathering of SundaySchool Workers Ever -Heldin District"WE KNOW HOW"29 SCHOOLS AREREPRESENTEDReports Indicate Steady In-crease rn All of theSchools r:iCONTRACT LET FOR THEREPAIRING OF MAIN STREETAt a called meeting of the CityCouncil, held yesterday, the contractfor the repaving of Main street waslet to T. W. Johnson, of Memphis,Tenn., who will resurface the streetwith the Warrenite bithulitic pavement. The contract was let with the understanding that the contractors begin work upon the street as soon asthe necessary machinery can be shipped to this city.Mr. Johnson was here in person,representing the firmof contractors,while Mr. Robertson represented theWarrenite Manufacturing Co.Carey & Reed, of Lexington, sub-,mitteda bid to resurface the streetwith asphalt, while the Westrumitep.nmnanv. of Whitine. Ind., submittedI a bid for the furnishmg of material tofrpninp.fi the Dresent street. Other... . -- -i inn mne wds fnr furnishing various material,ineutuaau. fl ere considered byorganized fourteen years ago follow- "J" fa hllt the advisab ility of having the liquidation 01 uie uiu rsuiuiern Bank. The late Charlton Alexander was President of the NorthernBank, and his son, George Alexander,succeeded in holding the depositionsof the Northern Bank in his new institution, which was formed and capitalized at $25,000 and had a surplusof $10,000. A few years ago the capital stock was increased to $40,000 andthe name of the institution changedto George Alexander & Co. The bankhas always enjoyed a liberal patronage and was regarded as one of thesafest and most reliable in tne county.'-, It is said that" with the assets of'' the bank, together with other 'funds.that will be raised, the depositors ofthe institution will be paid out. This," liowever, is a matter of conjecture,drawn from rumors that have been incirculation since the closing of thebank's doors, but nothing definite canbe learned of the effort to relieve thedepositors who suffered by the crash.EAGLES' CARNIVAL." T.utlAiohn's United Shows will exhibit here next week under the auspices of Bourbon Lodge of Eagles.number of free attractions. Sacred- concert Sunday afternoon at '4 o'clockon court house square.ing the street resurfaced with the material was considered, and it was aecided to use that composition.The contract entered into by thecity provides for the removal of thesurface of the present street and putting down entirely new material,which is to be paid for at the rate of$1.45 per square yard.The composition to be used in theconstruction of the street will be similar to that which was previouslyused. The bitulithic pavement is anotant nf the Warren Bros., and issaid to be one of the very best pavements. The present street , wnicuwas put down several years ago, wasan imitation of the bithulitic composition. The contractors attempted touse the Warrenite composition, butwere enjoined from doing so, and inorder to complete tne couuaui aCcompelled to use a substitute. Fora time the pavement gave satisfactionbut it soon began to show its defective points, and repairs were necessary frequently.mv., .nntmp.tors will besin immediate preparations for shipping all machinery necessary for the work tothis city, and as soon as it arrivesi,,r wm nf once beein removing the'surface of the street, and relaying itin the new composition.The annual session of the EightjiDistrict Bible School Convention washeld in this city Wednesday morning,following the meeting of the districtC. W. B. M., which was held Tuesday. The meeting was called to order promptly at eight o'clock by Rev.Armistead, the president. Mr. B. W.Trimble, the secretary, was in attendance. The meeting was held in the Christian church, and the interest in the Bible school work attracted a largenumber from each of the five counties composing the district. Theauditorium of the, church and the Sunday school annex were nacked tooverflowing, and the convention was fsaid to be the largest and most repre-1sentative ever held. Twenty-nine jschools were represented, Cynthianasending the largest number of delegates, numbering sixty-five, whileNorth Middletown was second withthirty-four.After the business session the convention was opened with a hymn,led by Mr. A. H. Boatright, with MissO'Neill at the organ. Rev. C. O. Cossaboom, of Millersburg, had charge ofthe devotional exercises.Mr. Walter E. Frazee, State Secretary, read his annual message to theconvention, in which was outlinedthe worjc of the Bible School Association. "Men and the Bible School, 'lwas the subject of the address ofRev. J. H. MacNeill, of Winchester,and this, was followed by a solo dyMistfEll2abfeth Hinton, srt this jcity:Addresses were made by Mrs.OKDesha, of Cynthiana, Mrs. I. J. Spencer,of Lexington, and MissN Mary AFinch, of Mayslick. This was followed by a solo by Miss Mary Hayden, of Paris.Then followed the introduction ofteachers of classes with an enrollment of 100 or over. Of these therewere nine, as follows: B. W. Trimble's Loyal Women, 268, and Mr. Hazelrigg's men's class of 218, both ofMt. Sterling; B. F. Adcock, men sclass, Winchester, 330; Mrs. Prevltt,Winchester; J, N. Christopherson,North Middletown, "Every Man'sClass," over 100; Mr. Chinn, Cynthiana, "Business Men's Class," over100: Mrs. L. Desha, Cynthiana, 147women; Mrs. T. A. Hendricks, Paris,over 100 women, and Mr. T. A. Hendricks, Paris, over 100 men.The roll call of schools by countiesshowed a total of 325 representativespresent: Bethel, three; Bethlehem,one; Forest Grove, seven; Mt. Carmeleleven; Winchester, sixteen; Berry,two; Connersville, three; Cynthiana,sixty-five; Leesburg, ten; IndianCreek, two; Republican, three; Robinson, two; Camargo, two; Mt. Sterling, eleven; Somerset, one; Carlisle,ten; Jackstown, eighteen; Moorefield,two; Bethlehem (Bourbon) one; CaneRidge, five; Clintonville, twenty-seven;Escondida, three; Little Rock,twenty-four; Millersburg, twentyseven; Mt. Carmel, twenty-six;TvTrith Mirirnplrnvn. t.hirtv-four: Rud-riips Mills, three: Stonv Point, three;Paris not counted. Besides thesethere were a number of visitors fromLexington, Versailles, Mayslick, andmany other places, also omcers,bringing up the total to about 400,not including any one from Paris.After luncheon at the church, theannual report of the treasurer, Mr:B W. Trimble, showed the number ofschools in the district to be twentynine, with a total enrollment of 3,164,and an axerage attendance of 2,475;offerings amounting to $2,121.77.-cttinoiipstpr had the largest enrollment, and Cynthiana made the largest offering during the year, wnueLittle Rock has the largest organizedcounty school. There are fifty-fouradult classes with an enrollment of1,850.The nominating committee recommended the following officers for theensuing year: President, Charles Darsie; vice president, T. A. Hendricks;secretary, B. W. Trimble. Adopted.n r r.nsRahnnm nresented the planof future work, which was adopted. .Committee on time and place recom-,mended Owingsville as the place ofholding the next meeting in .Four splendid addresses were maaeby J. N. Christopherson, Prof. A. W.Fortune, J. S. Hilton and PresidentR. H. Crossfield.The meeting concluded with atouching memorial service in honorof the Rev. H. D. Clarke, the belovedminister of the Mt. Sterling churchfor-manv years, conducted by theRev. J. H. MacNeill, a special featureContinued on Page Four.Straw HatTime Is HereTake Off That Old Felt HatAnd put on a new Straw Hat. We have the kind that iscool, comfortable and Becoming.PanamasIn shayes to please the young man or the mdre conservar 'tive man. The very high crown straws, with narrowbrims with the bow on the side or back, just the thing for'the young yellow.Hopkins and Dunlap StrawsThe kind that the swell stores in the cities are showing- Come to our store to-day and select your straw while thepicking is good..- -i-i&i: -vMSt4te'&tStraw Hats $lto$5Panamas $3.50 to $10J.1M. WTMitchell & Blakemore,m u u Kwm w. r.7mw m 199 aa Mmr-JFRANK & CO'-,'--vNOW.&!- 'vElLast Cut in Prices ofLadies' Ready-to-Wear Garments42V2 OFF ONLadies' and Misses', Woolen Suitsj .Sizes 34 to 44l3OFF ONLadies' Odd Size SuitsSizes 39 to 45Yd toY2OFF ONLadies' Silk DressesY3 TO y2 OFF ONLadies' Evening DressesYsTO y2 OFF ON44424tXLadies' and Children'9 Spring CoatsA6cTh Store' Where Reliability Reigns.P&LV'IT . -&r-?".5$fS3flalialaaillaBBiaMM 1 - i. j- .. -..-, .a. .. ii.. x0THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 22 1914fhe Bourbon . News 1 3USULPHUR IS THE ONLY'THlfcGFOR ITCHING ECZEMA.fflC'l'rmmnmm.BsfllSf"ssvssHBBBBBBBBsm.ffe!BBBBBBBBBBBBBBvm Paris fiottte telephone ana Cekgrapb Co(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. K. E. SPEARS, Commnca! Manager.BourbonwDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetAtwBourbonww1 a lM?y BHEfkfParis Kentucky....j...GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EHBALHER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.'GasIritting!Plumbing and Elecri-cal Work in AllTheir BranchesMasda (Tungston) Lamps::Stoves, RangesJ and Appliances.fSpicerSI:I Gilchrist, It Elks' BuildingX E.E. Phone, 103$ Home Phone, 101-When you feelcous, tired, worried or despondent it issure sign you need MOTTS NERVERIK .PILLS. They renew the normal vigor arTnake life worth living. Be sure and ask fMots Nerverine Pills ,.WILLIAMS MFG. CO.. Props., Cleveland. OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky....KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.'- Interurban Schedule.Leave 'Lexington Leave ParisFor Paris for .Lexington6.00 a m .6:45 a m7:20 a m 7:30 a mS:00 a m 8:15 a m8:50 am 9:00 a m:10:20 a m 9:45 a m21:50 am 11:15 a m; 1:20 p m 12:45 p m.2:50 q. m 2:15 p. m3:30 p m 3:45 p m4:20 p m 4:30 p inS:00 p m :15 p m6:00 pn - . 6:05 p m7:20 p m 6:50 p m9:10 p m - 8:15 p m11:00 p m 10:05 p m- Daily, except Sunday.Have You aHOME TELEPHONEOur Bourbon CountyBusiness is GrowingMore Rapidly ThanEver Before.Ask Your Neighbor About TheService, Then Let Us Figure With YoutSr&tSrQ X&&Laundry(Isitis(USAWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes frock on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeLaundry,SICK HEADACHE.Urs. A. L. Luckie, East Rochester,N. Y., was a victim of sick headacheand despondency, caused by a badlyweakened and debilitated condition ofher stomach, when she began takingChamberlain's Tablets. She says: "Ifound them plasant to take, also mildand effective. In a few weeks' time Iwas restored to my former goodhealth." For, sale by all dealers.(May) (adv)It happens a hundred times a day,and it will keep on happening. Hemarries a swell looker and then kickshimself because he didn't marry aswell cooker.When the first Stork Party is heldat his house the Proud Pawpawdeems it his duty to rush out and buydrinks and cigars for everybody. Butif the poor boob only knew it he oughtto be standing on a street corner witha tin cup in his hand trying to rakeup a collection.terrible backache, pains in my limbs,and my head ached nearlyall the time. Our familydoctor treated me, butonly gave me temporaryrelief. I was certainly inbad health. My schoolteacher advised me toTAKECarduiThe Woman's TonicI took two bottles, in all,and was cured. I shallalways praise Cardui tosick and suffering women." If you suffer frompains peculiar to weakwomen, such as headache, backache, or othersymptoms of womanlytrouble, or if you merelyneed a tonic for that tired,nervous, worn-out feeling, iry caraui. e-65rfjjx Backaches1111 1111$ 1 1 1 1 Miss Myrtle Co thrum,I II I of Kussellville, Ala., says: JlU "For nearly a year, I suf- 1X1nX fered with terrible back- XXEstablished 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One -Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.WOULD HAVE FARMERS'EXEMPTION LAW PASSED.With the beginning Tuesday of theconsideration in the National Houseof the Administration's anti-trust billsRepresentative R. Y. Thomas, Jr., amember of the Committee on the Judiciary, that assisted in framing themeasures, commenced the fight whichhe intends to make in behalf of farmproduce pools. He proposes at theproper time to dissect from the bill"to supplement existing laws againstunlawful restraints and monopolies,"Section 7, which he regards as a"meaningless sop" to .the farmers andlabor organizations of Kentucky andother States. This section of the billprovides "that nothing contained inthe anti-trust laws shall be construedto forbid the existence and operationof fraternal, labor, consumers' agricultural or horticultural organizations, orders or associations instituted for the purpose of mutual help,and not having capital stock or conducted for profit, or to forbid or restrain individual members of such orfrom carrying out the legitimate objects thereof."If he is successful in pruning thissection from the bill the Kentuckianwill attempt to draft in its place hisamendment which will provide forthe exemption from prosecution under the anti-trust laws of all such organizations, Regardless of the purpose of their organization.The fight which Mr. Thomas plansto make against the bill as it standsis believed by the Kentuckian to havethe indorsement of Samuel Gompers,president of the American Federationof Labor, and his associates."I recently called the attention ofMr. Gompers to the exemption provision in the bill," said Mr. Thomas,"and pointed out that, in my opinion,Section 7 is meaningless, and wouldbe of no benefit to organizations offarmers, laborers, etc. I said thatsuch organizations are primarily organized for profit to those who belongto them, and Mr. Gompers aaviseame that he was deeply interested inmy construction of the proposed law.I am reasonably sure that he approves of my plan to attempt toamend the bill so that all fraternal,labor, consumers', agricultural or horticultural organizations may be exempt from prosecution under the antitrust laws, without any qualifyingclause. My proposed amendment hasthe indorsement of my constituents."Under the rule adopted the Kentuckian cannot propose his amendment until the consideration of themeasure under the five-minute rulefollowing the general debate.CHAMBERLAIN'S LINIMENT.This preparation is intended especially for rheumatism, lame back,sprains and like ailments. It is a favorite with people who are well acquainted with its splendid qualities.Mrs. Charles Tanner, Wabash, Ind.,says of it: "I have found Chamberlain's Liniment the best thing forlame back and sprains that I haveever used. It works like a charm andrelieves pain and soreness. It hasbeen used by others of my family aswell as myself for upwards of twentyyears." 25 and 50 cent bottles. Forsale by all dealers.(May) (adv)RAILROAD MASS MEETINGAT BAPTIST CHURCH.At the Baptist church Sunday evening, May 24, at 7:45 o'clock, therewill be a "Railroad Service." Dr. O.R. Mangum will preach on the subject, "A Fatal Wreck." All the railroad people of Paris are cordially into all.POPULAR EXCURSIONTO MAMMOTH CAVEMonday, June 15. An all expensethree days tour to Mammoth Cave bythe ladies of the Presbyterian churchfor $12.50. Apply to Mrs. J. FrankClay or Miss Mamie Spears for .assignment of rooms at the Cave anditinerary giving details of the trip.You are cordially invited to go withus in our special coach. Those ouMnthe county will please write or phonefor particulars.(may22-26-29june5-9)INDIGESTION? CAN'TEAT? NO APPETITE?A treatment of Electric Bitters increases your appetite; stops indigestion; you can eat everything. A realspring tonic for liver, kidney andstomach troubles. Cleanses yourwhole system and you feel fine. Electric Bitters did more for Mr. T. D.Peeble's stomach than any medicinehe ever tried. Get a bottle today.50c. and $1.00 at your druggist s.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for Eczema.(May) s . ' (adv)Use Like Cold Cream to Subdue Irritation and Clear the Skin.In the treatment of the variousforms of disfiguring, itching andburning Eczenm such as Acne, Ringworm, Salt Rheum, there is nothingknown that can take the place ,of boldsulphur cream.It effects such prompt relief, evenin the aggravated Eczema, that it isa never-ending source of amazementto physicians.For years bold-sulphur has occupied a secure position in the treatment of cutaneous eruption by reasonof its cooling parasite-destroying properties. Bold-sulphur is not only parasinoidal, but antipruritic . and antiseptic, thereby invaluable in overcoming irritable and inflammatory affections of the skin. While not alwaysestablishing a permanent cure, yet inevery instance it instantly stops theagonizing itching; subdues the irritation and heals the inflamed, rawskin right up and it is often yearslater before any Eczema eruption appears again.Those troubled should obtain fromany good pharmacist an ounce of boldsulphur cream and apply it directlyupon the abrasion like an ordinarycold cream. It isn't unpleasant andthe prompt relief afforded is verywelcome, adv.L. & N. POPULAR EXCURSIONSUNDAY, MAY 24.Excursion to Natural Bridge, Ky.,Sunday, May 24; round trip $1.50;special train leaves Paris 10:00 a. m.;returning leaves Natural Bridge at5:00 p. m., arriving Paris 6:50 p. m.W. H. HARRIS, Agt.J. K. SMITH, T. A.State of Ohio, City of Toledo.JLucas county . ssFrank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is the senior partner of the firm ofF. J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, 1886.(Seal) A. W. GLEASON,Notary PublicHall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. New York spent. $2,440,000 to remove last winter's snows. Two hundred thousand dollars was saved bydumping the snow in sewers whereever possible. These figures weremade public by the 'Department ofStreet Cleaning.SLATTERY IS NAMEDAS DISTRICT ATTORNEYj. iic ucuaic jl ucouaj aiiciiiuuii puiiI 1 Qrn4-r 'l1.rcrlr n d -..." - vk.4-an f end to the controversy over theappointment of a Distriqt Attorneyfor the Eastern District of Kentucky,when it confirmed Thomas D. Slattery, of Maysville, for that office.An agreement was reached wherebyE. P. Morrow, of Somerset, the present District Attorney, who is SenatorBradleys nephew, is to hold the officeand remain in charge at Covingtonuntil September 1.This concession, coupled with thefact that no charges have been madeat any time against Morrow, inducedSenator Bradley to relent and to permit the nomination of Slattery to beconfirmed. Bradley, however, insiststhat there was a violation of faith insending Slattery's name to the Senate while he (the Senator) was absent in Kentucky. After he had consented to the confirmation of Slattery the Judiciary Committee waspolled, which facilitated confirmation.Otherwise the nomination would havehad to go over until next Monday, thedate for the committee's regular meeting. Slattery is a cousin of Mr. Ed.Slatery, of this city.WHOOPING COUGH."About a year ago my three boyshad whooping cough -and I foundChamberlain's Cough Remedy theonly one- that would relieve theircoughing and whooping spells. Icontinued this treatment and was surprised to .find that it cured the diseasein a very short time," writes Mrs.Archie Dalrymple, of Crooksville, O.For sale by all dealers.(May) (adv)ANTI-SALOON ELECTIONAT SOMERSET STANDSThe Court of Appeals Tuesday heldthe local option election held in Somerset, September 29, 1913, in whichthe city voted dry by a majorityof 57 votes, to be valid. The electionwas contested by the wets on several grounds, one being that the statuterequires an equal division of electionofficers favoring and opposing a proposition. The Court says that while itfavors an equal division of .electionofficers for and against a proposition,no fraud isv charged in the election,and therefore it must stand. Theopinion was rendered in the case ofJ. H. Hall against W. B. Gregg.WHEN YOU ARE NERVOUSyou have the first symptom of a run-downsystem, and nervous people too often conceal their aches and pains and suffer insilence, while, if 'neglected this condition,often foreruns more serious trouble.If those so afflicted would stop takingmedicine containing alcohol or drugswhich menace the foundations of health,and just take the pure, strengtheningnourishment in Scott'smulsion, it wouldcreate new blood to pulsate through theorgans, refresh their bodies and build upthe whole nervous system. It is rich,sustaining- nourishmentfree from wines,alcohols or drugs. Shun substitutes.Opportunity Knocks But Once atYour Door. It is Knotkin"TO DA Y"Now is the time to think of your nextWinter's Coal."Cheaper now than any time duringthe year. Avail yourselves now.DodsonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St.&&&SZg&R9sGtS&SFbSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, may 24, 1914$,25RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLeaves GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.A NEAT BARBER SHOP.Mr. Carl Crawford has opened up anew and cozy barber shop at the corner of Fourth and Main streets. Newfurniture, sterilizers, hot water heaters, etc. Mr. Crawford and anothercapable barber are in charge and areready to take care of the wnts of theparticular men. Mr. Crawford invitesall his old customers and the generalpublic to visit him in his new place.(24-tf)mutfbthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important In thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Casts no more than the inferiortankwajjon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.vINSURANCEAGAINSTf IRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINT0N, :AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, see Jme.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics 2sA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E, PinkhamItledicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c large box, or by mail.The Paxton Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.Lexington, Ky.9 Refinery at Warren, Pa. I9 We sell the celebrated "No Carb" II Auto Oil.Denton9140Both PhonesgRoundTripJCANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I uni dertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.Spruce UpNow is the time to haveyour wearing apparel cleaned and put in order forSpring.We Do the WorkRight.Comparison will affordyou an opportunity tojudge.Give Us a Trial.ELECTRIC'Cahal Applegate, ProDs.627 Main St., Paris, Ky.Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)"3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pal:ronage Solicited.Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Ofllce Phones) E. T 136.Home 136.ResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. B KELlLEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentuckyJ J. WHiIilAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW'Xoom 1 Elks Building 4;.,.25GLEAN1G GO..thTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY-, MAY 22, 1914wUtolichMrmmReliable evidence is abundant that womenare constantly being restored to health byLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable CompoundThe many testimonial letters that we are continually publishing in the newspapers hundreds of them are all genuine, true and unsolicited expressions of heartfelt gratitudefor the freedom from suffering that has come to thesewomen solely through the use of Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound.Money could not buy nor any kind of influence obtainsuch recommendations ; you may depend upon it that anytestimonial we publish is honest and true if you have anydoubt of this write to the women whose true names andaddresses are always given, and learn for yourself.Read this one from Mrs. Waters:Camden, KJ. "1 was sick for two years with nervous spells, andmy kidneys were affected. I had a doctor all the time and used agalvanic battery, but nothing did me any good. I was not able to goto bed, but spent my time on a couch or in a sleeping-chair, and soonbecame almost a skeleton. Finally my doctor went away for hishealth, and my husband heard of Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound and got me some. In two months I got relief and now Iam like a new woman and am at my usual weight. I recommendyour medicine to every one and so does my husband." Mrs. TillieWaters, 1135 Knight St., Camden, N. J.And this one from Mrs. Haddock:TJtica, Okxa. "I was weak and nervous, not able to do my workand scarcely able to be on my feet. I had backache, headache, palpitation of the heart, trouble with my bowels, and inflammation. Sincetaking the Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound I am betterthan I have been for twenty years. I think it is a wonderful medicine and I have recommended it to others.57 Mrs. Mary Ann Haddock, TJtica, Oklahoma.Now answer this question if you can. Why should awoman continue to suffer without first giving Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound a trial ? You know thatit has saved many others why should it fail in your case?For SO years !Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound has been the standard remedy for female ills. No one sick with woman's ailmentsdoes justice to herself if she does not try this famous medicine made from roots and herbs, ithas restored so many suffering women to health.mjggWTite to LYDIA E.PINKIIAM MEDICINE CO.. IF (COJfFIDENTIAL) LYXN, 2IASS., for advice.Your letter will be opened, read and answeredby a woman and held in strict confidence.POST-OFFICE DEPARTMENT COOPERATES TO PREVENT FIRES.The post-office department has justrepeated, in the current postal guidesupplement, the instructions throughwhich the rural carriers are to report forest fires to the proper authorities during the coming season. Theinstructions were first issued in May,1912, and during the past two yearsthe co-operation has resulted in thedetection and suppression of manyfires.State and Federal forest officerswill make a special effort this year toget even more out of the service thanhas been obtained heretofore. Theusual proceedure has been for theState Fire Wardens of Federal forestofficers to send to the postmasterslists of local Wardens and Patrolmen,with their addresses and telephonenumbers. These lists are given to thecarriers with instructions to reportforest fires to men whose names ap-' pear thereon, or to other responsibleI persons. This year a special effortj will be made to follow up the sendingout of the lists by having the Patrolmen and Wardens meet the carrierspersonally and to take the initiativeI in arranging such meetings, and alsoto map out a plan of action to Defollowed.Co-operation between the rural carriers and the Federal forest officerswill be effective in the twenty Statesin which National forests exist andwith State forest officers in the twenty States which have established theirown fire protective systems. It is expected that the services of the carriers will ve particularly valuable inhelping to protect the new Nationali forest areas in the Southern Appai lachians.' What has become of the old-fash-Jioned man who used to to take a! night off to write a two page letterand always started it off with : "I nowI take my pen in hand to let you knowI that we are all well, hoping you are. the same?"j One good feature about the potatosack topped skirt is that the bottomof a corset doesn't stick out like anauto tire.BlAEINKAK,,''SKin BlemishesCaused My GermsDR. BELL'SGerms get under theBtan or in a brokenplace, and It is hardto net rid of them.Pus sores or pimplesfollow.Antiseptic Salvesoon destroys these germs and keeps themclean and healthy untlfnature heals. Use it onthe face, lips. In the nose, anywhere, (or itis CLEAN. PURE AND HEALING."Tell It By The Bell"SiflEROLUX.BBBllBBS REG US DAT. O W . J7VBB.(i Skffil I sls3?3 5JL S'fcjfBBiSBBSBHSfcaVAerolux9?o WhipShadeOn a Hot, Sultryafternoon when thewind and sun aredisagreeable theAerolux No WhipShade transformyour porch into themost delightfui resting place. The word Aerolux means air and light, yetthey offer perfect seclusion. They do not cost any more than any otherShade and will last longer. Phone us your order and we will senda manto measure your porch and and will hang shadesRefrigerators!THE NEW ICEBERGis ihe kind to protect your families health.Buy one of our New Iceberg Refrigerators,The Big Ice SaversLet us show you one of them.Ice BoxesTHE LUDLOW LAGOON WILLOPEN -SUNDAY, MAY 24.The popular Kentucky fesort, TheLagoon, opposite Cincinnati, willopen the regular season Sunday, May24. Hundreds of workmen are nowtransforming the resort into a veritable fairyland. The buildings arebeing painted and thousands ofplants and flowers set out. Theamusements this season will be on alarge scale. Free cabaret performances at the Club House and theRoof Garden, big free acts both onland and water, and motordromeraces every Wednesday, Saturdayand Sunday. The Motordrome hasbeen leased to John S. Prince, theoriginal builder of motordromes inthis country, and the public are assured of great sport conducted in along distance bicycle races, walkingmatches and other popular games andamusements will be shown. The Lagoon and Ludlow cars at Fourth andVine streets, Cincinnati, run direct tothe grounds.CHILD CROSS? FEVERISH? SICK?A cross, peevish, listless child, withcoated tongue, pale, doesn't sleep,eats sometimes very little, then againravenously; stomach sour; breathfetid; fetid; pains in stomach, withdiarrhea; grinds teeth while 'asleep,and starts up with terror all suggesta Worm Killer something that expelsworms, and almost every child hasthem. .Kickapoo Worm Killer isneeded. Get a box today. Start atonce. You won't have to coax, asKickapoo Worm Killer is a candy confection. Expels the worms, the causeof your child's troubles. 25c. at yourdruggist's.(May) (adv)jSSSSHVTT. (SSSSSSSSSSSSSBX" (Wk Ton7E P Irgive a New Finish toOld Furniture.Every housewife has one or morepieces of old furniture that would be"good as new" if rennished. To havethe work done would be too expensive. She can do the job, herself andget splendid results withSherwin-Wiluams ,In re-finishing old furniturc, first r:rjove theoriginal finish with SherinWilliams Taxite, paint andvarnish retiL "rer. Easy to applystain and varnish combined thatgives a handsome finish - and wearsdurably. It preserves the beauty pfthe actual grain of the wood and doesnot fade out, as do so many of thefugitive dye stains on the market. Awide variety of shades offer opportunity for almost any finish desired.C. A. DAUGHERTY.TIPS.She was a social climber, butThey handed her a lime;And now she says she'll go abroadAnd try a foreign clime.Cincinnati Enquirer.She wasn't counted one of those,Who by that ladder mount;But she is rich; she'll go abroadAnd tray a foreign Count.New York Mail.She stepped on a banana peel,And felt an awful slip;And she prefers to go abroadTo that there kind a trip.Houston Post.FOR A TORPID LIVER."I have used Chamberlain's Tabletsoff and on for the past six yearswhenever my liver shows signs of being in a disordered condition. Theyhave always acted quickly and givenme the desired relief," writes Mrs.P. H. Trubus, Springville, N. Y. Forsale by all dealers.(May) (adv)mLxj si555pslfi&s&kI I I "I I Wi zr2tk. jrmoi MiLr zm,o- ti mi . t i immtmmrmmi inMmi T ) I W, - 2?3HiKr wwtjm' "mmriam i v Yr- y y - ,...mkr !py imMi l JLraroll f 4,ffiUSfVfMAN"AW0IVSTS7SDlTyTO BANK.AfOAYfiORWSWFEANCffDRMHave YOU got money in our bank to protect yourLITTLE ONES and your WIFE from want?Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $100,000.00.J. M. HALL. PresidentVSurplus, $40,000.00.c c. THOMAS. Cashier(Copyright, by McClurc Syndicate.)COUGHED FOR THREE YEARS"I am a lover,of your Godsend to hu- jmanity and science. Your medicine,Dr. King's New Discovery, cured mycough of three years' standing," saysJennie Flemming, of New Dover, O.,Have you an annoying cough? Is itstubborn and won't yield to treatment? Get a 50c. bottle of Dr. King'sNew Discovery today. What it didfor Jennie Flemming it will do for youno matter how stubborn or chronica cough may be. It stops a cough andstops throat and lung trouble Reliefor money back. 50c. and $1.00 atyour druggist's.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for Pimples.(May)(adv)iImIHIThe New Icebergkind. If vou havehad trouble in keepingthe ice bill from being so Ji. - j-large, try the Newlceberg. Sji9 to $35.Go-Carts and SulkiesJust received a largeshipment of Go-Cartsand Sulkies for the baby$2.50 up to $25A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.CHAS. GREEN, Mgr. Opp. Court Hous,STATE RATING BOARDURGED TO KEEP UP FIGHTThousand of copies of a letter written to Ruby Laftoon, Chairman of theState Rating Board, by George H.Holt, of Chicago manager of the Policy Holders' Union, were mailed lastweek by the Rating Board to holdersof fire insurance policies in Kentucky.The Rating Board wrote Holt to confer with men in Chicago having largebusiness interests, and discuss theKentucky situatoion with them, thenwrite the Board their expression ofopinion and give his advice. It wasin response to that request that Holthas written the Board to keep up thefight saying as he does, that the insurance companies are trying to makean example of Kentucky. Holt says:"The question has resolved itself intowhether the Insurance Trust or thepeople shall govern Kentucky."L & n. time-table:EFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trains ArriveFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5 :21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 5:is am-Cyrithiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y 7:3&amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 7:42 am-Cincinnati, O., Daily c 9:38 am "Maysville, Ky., .Daily Except Sunday 10:20 anLexington, Ky., Daily 10:15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10:24amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 12:00 mCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:15 pmLexington, Ky., Daily ". 3:33 p -Tenn., Daily 3:30 pmKy., Daily 5:35 pmO., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pmKy., Daily 6:18 pmJacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:23 pmCincinnati, O., Daily ... 10:50pmNo.341342971040373123326259138. 3853983231Knoxville,Maysville,Cincinnati,Lexington,Trains DeiosirtNo.3447401029373313362613389393283031131TO5:Cincinnati, O., Dailyi'icij o v iuc, -ivj ., jaiij UAvcpu uuuuaj ................ J.Lexington, Ky., Daily .Except Sunday 7Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 4, 7Lexington, Ky., Daily 9Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9Jacksonvville, Fla., Daily 10:Lexington, Ky., Daily 10Maysville, Ky., Daily 12Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3Cincinnati, O., Daily 3:Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5Cincinnati, O., Daily 6:Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington. Ky., Daily 10Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:28am:35 am:47 am:50 amrbuam:43 am:4oara:29 am:27 am:05 pm:04aza:33 pm:40?a:56pa:58p:2Spm:25 pm.:n.:5optn paw cfc o. tiivi::e5-t.aEVfelMB. yy- ErfMain and 1 hirdEAgleeyesalVEGOOD FORTHEZYES-AND EYES ONLYEAGLE EYES?Bo yon think that watery, matteryeyes are natural? Do yoH believethat styes, granulated lids, pooreight, growths, are natural? UseEAGLET EYE SALVJE and yea haveEagle Eyes again.No.2-4No.13Trains -A.rrrreFROMFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:40 asFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 psTrsiixiB IDestr tTOFrankkfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 830 aFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . v . . . .-v. 6:25 piftDuroc Jersey BoarsNice lot young, boars. Eligible toregistry. Come and get first choice.SIDNEYS. CLAY,ET. Phone 726, Paris, Ky.(12-3t) , .i. S. Wallingford, I. BCr Office on Sixth Street,Between Main and Hifk,i"i"i"i"i"i-i-'Bhones 31t4.f..t.....t..i..p.i...i..4.fifi..il'til'''ff4''y'il'''l"l'4i'4'yt"PAjus, mf.For Salft by All Druggists.?i ,VT . .'&&'''yiyv y-V.THE BOURBOH NEWS, 'PARIS, KY., MAY 22 1914MV2IROYALBAKING POWDERAbsolutely PureThe only Baking Powder madfrom Royal Crape Cream of TartarNO ALUM, NO LIME PHOSPHATEMATRIMONIAL.Continued from Page One.CONVENTION OF BIBLE.SCHOOLS HELD IN PARIS.SUMMER TRAINING SCHOOLFOR SUNDAY SCHOOL WORKERSPreparations are being made for aTraining School for Sunday School"Workers, to be held in. Lexington,Ky.; June 11-19, 1914, under the auspices of the Kentucky Christian Bible School Association, to which theDisciples of Christ throughout theState are looking forward as one oftheir most important religious eventsof the year. Courses will be offeredIn Bible Study, Religious Pedagogy,Child Study, Sunday School Administration, Missions and Social Serviceby a strong faculty composed of fourcollege professors and as many Sunday school specialists. A feature ofthe program will be three simultaneous departmental sections undercompetent supervision giving trainJBg in the special work of the Elementary, 'Secondary and Adult Divisions. The morning of each day willTie devoted to class work, the afternoon to study, conference and recreation, and the evening to special lectures and the departmental sectidns.The faculty, as announced by theDean, Walter E. Frazee, of Louisville,-who, as State Superintendent of theKentucky Christian Bible School Association, is arranging all the detailsof the school, is as follows:P. E. Lumley, Professor of SocialService and American Missions inThe College of Missions, Indianapolis,Ind., Instructor in Missions and Social Service.E. E. Snoddy, Professor of Philosophy in Hiram College, but called tothe College of the Bible, Lexington,-Special Lecturer.W. C. Bower, Professor of Religious Education in the Bible College,Lexington, Ky., Instructor in Religious Pedagogy.Miss Hazel A. Lewis, ElementarySuperintendent of the Bible SchoolDepartment of the American ChristIan Missionary Society. Instructor inElementary Division and MissionaryMethods.Miss Cynthia Pearl Maus, Associate Editor Bible School Supplies,Christian Board Publication, Instructor in Secondary Division.W. J. Clarke ,Adult Superintendentof the Bible School Division Department of the American Christian Missionary Society, Instructor in AdultDivision and Administration.All sessions of the school will beheld in the chapel and class rooms ofthe College of the Bible, while thestudents will be entertained in thedormitories of Hamilton College.This is the Third Annual School ofthis character held by the Association. Over two hundred and fifty students were enrolled last year representing one hundred and nineteenchurches. A class of 106 took thecomplete course and received International certificates, which has therecord of being the largest class graduated among the Disciples of Christ.Preparations are being made for overthree hundred this year.NEWSPAPER POPULARITYCONTEST NOT LOTTERYA newspaper popularity contest isnot promoting a lottery in the opinionof the Court of Appeals, which certified the law to the Crittenden CircuitCourt on appeal of the Commonwealthin the case of S. M. Jenkins, editor ofthe Crittenden Record-Press, of Marion, indicted for promoting a lotteryand acquitted on peremptory instructions by the Judge. Votes were allowed for subscriptions and advertising and the ones who receivedhighest number of votes won. JudgeHannah wrote the opinion.According to the record one manwas given an automobile and thevotes for $400 in subscriptions. Heleast the votes for his wife, who wonthe contest. The Commonwealth insisted that this smacked of a lottery,but the Court of Appeals held that itlacked all the elements of chance;the man's wife "had no chance tolose, and the others had no chance towin."THE HAPPIEST PERIODThe happiest period in the life of aboy or girl is when they graduate.They; expect gifts from their friends.Winters has the gifts that will please.If sin doubt what to get let Winterssuggest. (19-tf)NOTICE TO STOCKMEN.List your stock in M. J. Murphy'smonthly combination sales. Plenty ofbuyers always on hand. We can sellyour horses, mules, ponies, cows, cattle, hogs, sheep and poultry at goodprices. Next sale will be held on Monday, June 1, county court day.(21ap-tf)BLUE LICK WATER.ANNOUNCEMENT.Mr. and Mrs. James T. Bonta, ofPerryville, Ky., announce the engagement of their niece, Miss Sarah Prances Webb, to Mr. Ernest Martin, of Jthis city. The wedding will be apretty event of the early fall, and willbe solemnized at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Bonta.The couple have been engaged forseveral months, but there was no intimation of the engagement until a fewdays ago. Miss Wjbb for the pastfour or five years has been a studentat the Bourbon Female College. Sheis a pretty and attractive young woman, and was extremely popular amongher schoolmates and also with otherswith whom she came in contact.Mr. Martin is a prominent youngbusiness man of this city, being amember of the firm of Martin Brbs.He is an industrious young man andis very popular.EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITYFOR THE INVESTOR.Elsewhere in this issue appears thead. of Prof. W. L. Yerkes offering forsale his desirable residence, and iotsadjoining, corner of Eleventh andMain. This is exceptionally well-locatedfor erection of apartmenthouses, being on trolley line, near L.& N. station, and near business center. See ad. (19-tf)EAGLES' CARNIVAL BEGINSNEXT, MONDAY AFTERNOONThe genuine Blue Lick water inbottles is on sale at our place at alltimes.(19-2t) JAS. E. CRAVEN.SEED CORNWe are selling seed corn that willgrow. Almost perfect germination.Both phones 14.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(5 may-3wks)SEED CORN.Carefully selected seed corn, testedfor germination. Good. Phones 84.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.(21-3 wks) Paris, Ky.SUPERIOR FURNITURE POLISHGives new polish to old furniture;produces a gloss or hand rubbed finish; dries hard; never sticks; never-injures. Call and get sample; every"bottle fully guaranteed.CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.Opp. Court House, Paris, Ky.(1-tf)LOST100BEAUTIFUL AND COLOREDPOST CARDSMany are rich, rare pictures ofBEAUTIFUL MODELS ANDACTRESSESAlso a Self-FillingFOUNTAIN PENAll for only 50 Cents.The greatest bargain in beautifulcards and rare art pictures ever offered. Many are hard to obtain andhave sold singly for the price we askfor all. These will go quickly to alllovers of the beautiful in nature whoappreciate rare art pictures of welldeveloped models.A reliable self-filling fountain penfree with each order. These alonehave sold for one dollar in stores.The 100 beautiful cards and ntm nilDust hood off automobile, between) for but 50c. and 10c. in stamps forOn next Monday afternoon the greatLittlejohn Carnival will begin aweek's engagement in this city underthe auspices of the local lodge ofEagles. The city lot in the rear ofthe Paris Public School will be usedas the carnival grounds, and will beset ablaze with myriads of electriclights which at night will transformthe midway into a great white way.On Sunday afternoon at fouro'clock, the band, under the leadership of Prof. Roscoe Grella,, wellknown in this section of Kentucky,the band having been organized atLexington, will give a sacred concerton the public square. This is the firstseason of this band on the road witha carnival company, and it is knownto be one of the finest that has evertraveled with this class of attractions.Mr. Littlejohn has secured a largenumber of high-class attractions forthis season, all of which will be presented in their entirety on the occasion of the engagement in this city. I1 , V, u-lit wvtulbJVU. fcV HIV ltulul UlllUiJCments, there will be presented Capt.Charles E. Cole, of New York andParis, who will dive from a ladderninety feet in height into a smalltank of water. This thrilling fe"atwill be performed twice daily afternoon and night.Mr. Littiejonn s company is composed of the following high-class attractions: Smith's Mammoth Motordrome, Old Plantation, Crazy HouseJesso James, Aimee, Seven in One,Hippodrome, Horschell & SpillmanThree Abreast Galloping Horse, Mer-.ry-Go-Around,Ferris Wheel and alarge number of concessions.With the weather permitting theweek Will be one of the most memorable in the history of amusementsIn this city, and the Eagles are boosting the carnival all over the county.DICTATES VILLA'S PLANSFOR DAYLIGHT SHOW.Paris and Lexington. Finder notifySheriff Clark, of Mason county, andget reward. (12-3t)postage.ART PORTRAYAL COuDayton, Ohio.JriGOD Cool Iw mmmmmmmm w (W v WVBSHMPV'I 7ofn Mot WeatherJust as it Pays to Keep Warm inCold Weather, or Dry inWt Weather.hrhen Why Not Try one of Our -Mric Irons on Jwo Weeks Free. Trial?Ve Will Deliver it at Any Time.Why not drop into our office and look at our line ofElectric Pans?Ther are just as sensible in Summer as a coal firein Winter.I ParisWASHINGTON, May 18. A storyhas just reached Washington aboutthe activities in Villa's army of amoving picture operator who is represented as a marvel in his line. According to reports received the moving picture operator fought his wayinto the good graces of Villa and nowit is said the two are clos e friends,the movie man having full permissino to take films and the rebel geneeral reaping a rich harvest out of theconcession.The moving picture operator is saidto play an important role in the councils of war held preceding engagements in which Villa commands.When the operator fifirst attache himself to the rebel army he found it difficult to convince Villa that he and hisbusines should have consideration.Villa was willing from the beginningto permit the operator to make reels,but the movie man was not satisfied.Villa and the operator came nearhaving a rough and tumble fight afew days before Torreon was attacked. The rebels were about to makean attack on Gomez Palacio. Villaplanned this engagement for the nighttime. When this information came tothe ears of the picture man he ranamuck in the rebel camp. He was atonce admitted to the presence of thecommanding general.There was a show down betweenthe operator and Villa. The pictureman in language said to have beenvery violent told yilla that the timehad arrived for somebody to get offand that speaking for himself he hadno intention of getting off at that moment. He told Villa that good moving picture reels could be made onlyin the sunlight and he wanted toknow why the commanding generalhad deliberately planned to 1 stagewhat might prove to be the principalengagement of "thenar after sundownVilla commanded the operator torhold his peace, threatening mmistf-ment, but the movie man, who is represented as a person of explosivetemper? proceeded. The Upshot ofthe affair, it is said, was that theoperator had his way and an agreement was reached that whenever possible Villa should stage his battles inthe day time under conditions favorable for the making of moving pictures.Gas & Electric Co.J(Incorporated)of which was a solo by Mrs. PrincessLong, of California.C. W. B. M. CONVENTION..Tuesday was a red letter day forthe C. W. B. M. of the Eighth District,comprising the counties of Bath,Bourbon, Clark, Harrison, Montgomery and Nicholas, it being the occasion of the annual convention andthe crowd which gathered at theChristian Church was the largest evergathered on a similar occasion.The early trains Drought delegatesand visitors lrom the various townsin the district, and many others camein automobiles until by ten o'clock thelarge auditorium was filled with peo:pie interested in home and foreignmissions.The exercises began promptly at8:30, the District Secretary, Miss Annie May, of Bourbon, presiding, andthe Recording Secretary, Mrs. RussellHenry, of Clark, present.After a hymn, led by Mr. A. L. Boatrihgt, with Miss Clara Bell O'Neil atthe organ, Miss Sallie V. Ashbrook, ofCynthiana, conducted the devotionalexercises. Prayer by Mrs. J. W. Hayden, of Paris."The Morning Watch," by Mrs. Allie S. Dickson, of North Middletown,was a very impressive and comprehensive talk on Prayer.Then followed the reports fromAuxiliaries, Circles and MissionBands. Thesewere very interesting,there being twenty in all, and all theorganizations were represented buttwo, and. their reports were read bythe Secretary.These reporas showed 795 membersin the district, with an offering forthe year amounting to $3,655.12, Parisbeing in the lead with $620.95 raisedby the Auxiliary, and ?147.30 by theCircle.After the reports, a conference,conducted by Miss Louise Loos Campbell, of Lexington, the State Recording Secretary of the C. W. B. M., MissAllena Grafton, from the College ofMissions, at Indianapolis, and a national worker in the society, and MissVirginia Hearne, of Lexington, also aworker of wide reputation. The conference brought many interestingfacts connected with the work ofmissions, and beautiful thoughts, alsothe realization of many plans and thenecessity of future activity.Mrs. John Willie Jones, of NorthMiddletown, rendered a beautiful solo,"O Lord, Be Merciful," and her magnificent voice was greatly enjoyed.At 11:10 Professor Bowers, ofTransylvania University, gave aschol-on "The Real MissionaryProblem," which was far reaching inits scope, and masterful in all its details. The Convention was honored withthe presence of the beloved StatePresidena, Mrs. J. D. Gay, of Woodford County, who gave a short talk atthis point, expressing gratification atthe growth and progress of the district as shown in the reports.a. After the appointment of variousrcommittees, and announcements, themeeting adjourned for lunch whichwas served in the parlors of . thechurch to the delegates and visitors,three hundred of whom enjoyed thehospitality.The afternoon session was openedwith devotional exercises conductedby Mrs. Carley Wilmoth, Presidentof the Paris Circle.Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland sansan appropriate solo, and Rev. Mr.Armistead, of Cynahiana, voiced thememorial prayer.Then followed the hour devoted toChildren's Work, conducted by MissWillis Boardman, of Carlisle. This included reports, recitations and songsby children from Carlisle, Moorefield,Jackstown, North Middletown, Winchester, Millersburg, Mt. Sterling,Somerset, Little Rock, Cynthiana andParis. Each child deserves specialmention, but space forbids.Mrs. Sutherland and Mr. Boatrightrendered a beautiful duet.Miss Grafton then gave a most delightful address on "The Artistic InReligion," which was much enjoyed.The Committee on Nominations recommended the re-election of the sameofficers, which was unanimouslya'dopted.The Committee on Future Work reported some excellent plans throughMrs. Elizabeth Norton, of Carlisle.Mrs. Broadhurst, of Winchester,presented the report on courtesies,and the Committe on Time and Placewill report after conference with thecommittee from the Sunday SchoolConvention, Wednesday, announcement of which will be made by Rev.Armistead.Just before the benediction Mr.Boatright announced that Mrs. Princess Long, of California, formerly ofParis, would be at the evening meeting, which was received with applause. The benediction was pronounced byRev. H. W. Elliott.The church was artistically decorated in lavender iris and snowballs,lavender and white being the colorsof the National C. W. B. M.,XWolf,A.o111e I Go.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington,XKentuckyCleat ance of All-ffiSpring Suits0For WomenEvery woman who can use a new Suit thisSpring should avail herself of the remarkably low Xprices that are offered in our Clearance Sale now -t!going on.Our entire stock of lightweight Spring WoolenSuits are on sale at drastically lowered prices-abouta third less than usual.The depth of reductions is shown by the following low prices: x-All $17.50 and $20.00 SuitsReduced toAll $25.00 to $30.00 SuitsReduced to$12.75S19.75All $35.00 to $45.00 SuitsReduced toS25inAll $50.00 to $85.00 SuitsReduced toS32.S0Alterations FreeWotf, Wile & Co. Iformerly Jfaufmanj Straus c Co,exmgton,t "7 -y -...r...We Are Now Showing...The newest and smartest Pumps in Patent,Dull Kid and Gun Metal, in Colonial andBulgarian styles, with the new Louis and SpoolHeels.Also Baby Doll Pumps in Patent and GunMetal. Come to us to be fitted. 'PORCH SHADESPhones 301LGeo. Mc Williams,The Shoe ManIJFOR RENT.We sell, the beautiful and serviceable "NoWhip";Porch. 'Shades Thev:jwill pleasa yoUj.LUKE McL'UKE SAYS(Cincinnati Enquirer.A RARE OPPORTUNITY.If you are looking for a home don'toverlook the Yerkes property. Oneof the best built and centrally locatedhomes in Paris. The building lots on11th street are the most desirableever offered in years in Paris. Youare .invited to" call and inspect thepropertyon Saturday.(19-tf)Dr. Robert Broom ,of London, saysthe oldest known fossils are 18,000,000years old. I know a few fossils whoare older than that. They sret madwhen they read Luke's stuff .Every now and then you meet aman who has sense enough to stopdrinking when it is his time to treat.Mother always says that if she hadit to do over again she wouldn't befoolish enough to marry the best manthat ever lived. But Father knows"that if he hadn't met Mother when hedid she would have copped, out-someno-account pup' .who would have givenher a trood beatinsi verv SnfnrrlnvWiit.Storeroom on Main, street known asthe Weatherall property. Possessionto be' given at once. Also 3 rooms-upstairs. Will renfc as a wliole-or sepaGHAS, PEDDICORDlately.(15-tf)OLDEST IN THE BUSINESS.Lawn mowers sharpened and reautomobile and machine repair shopin the city.SAM'L KERSLAKE & SON,East Cor. Third & Pleasant Sts.(15-8t)R. J. NEELYWAREHOUSEStables and Coaf YardFor Rent!SPECIAL SALE.Special salevof 300 trimmed hats Jtor tne oenent of our out-of-town customers. Values $5 to $7 your choicefor $2.98.MRS. G. D. HICKS & CO.,355 W. Main,(19-2t) Lexington, Ky.For over 30 years this has been asuccessful business stand in the FarmImplement, Seeds .and Coal BusinessPossession on or about July 1.W. W. MITCHELL, Agt.WANTEDSmall second hand dtsh register.Apply at News Office. Phonas 124.(12-tf) - gr-- j fTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCRY MAY 22 1914&SJ?&,i0&mammmmSHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEBOURBON COUNTY ASSESSMENTIS RAISED FIVE PER CENTThe State Board of Equalization onTuesday raised the assessment ofBourbon county 5 per cent, on lands.INVESTMENT PROPERTY INFAIR GROUNDS SOLDThe J. T. Sharrard Real EstateAgency sold this week for Mr. Chas.A- Duncan, a new five-room frame cottage located on Chappell Avenue, in"the old Fair Grounds addition, to Mrs.Frank P. Lowry, of Stoner Avenue, ata private price. Mrs. Lowry boughtthe property as an investment.SOCIAL 19 PERSONAL.FOR THE SWEETGIRL GRADUATENo matter what you buy for theyoung girl graduate, if it comes fromWinters' she will be pleased.(19-tf)ATTENDING MEETING OF NATURAL GAS MEN IN ST. .LOUISMr. C. L. Steenbergen, Superintendent of the Paris Gas & Electric Co.,in this city, left Wednesday for St.Louis, where he will attend the meeting of the Natural Gas Associationwhich is in session in that city. Themeeting will continue through Saturday. Prominent natural gas men arein attendance from all over the country.FERTILIZERS.Talk with us before you buy. OurTobacco Fertilizer is made from aformula furnished by the LexingtonExperiment Station. It is the highestgrade made and requires fewerpounds.Our Corn Fertilizer has been triedand found to be correct.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(12-4t) Both Phones 14.EAGLES TAKE CARLISLEMAN INTO MEMBERSHIPAt the regular meeting of the Parislodge of Eagles Wednesday evening,Col. H. N. Rankin, a prominent stockman of Carlisle, was initiated into theorder and taken into membershipwith the local organigation. At theconclusion of the business sessionand initiatory work the members anda number of invited friends enjoyedthe open session.BURR GROUND MEALYour grocer sells Burr GroundMeal. Give it a trial. ManufacturedbyMILLERSBURG MILLS.(22-1 mo)EAGLES' CARNIVAL.Littlejohn's United Shows will exhibit here next week under the auspices of Bourbon Lodge of Eagles.A number of free attractions. Sacredconcert on Sunday afternoon at 4o'clock on court house square.ATTEND GRAND ENCAMPMENTMEETING IN LEXINGTONThe Grand Encampment of OddFellows of Kentucky, which was held"n Lexington, Wednesday, was well attended by members of the order fromthis city. A. L. Slicer, 'George Roseand J. T. Hill were delegates fromthe local encampment. Others whoattended the sessions were Judge E.B. January, A. R. Dennison, C. W.Fothergill and C. J. Lancaster.LARD SPECIAL SATURDAYThree, five" and ten pound bucketsof pure open-kettle rendered lard at12 cents per pound for Saturday only.(It) MARGOLEN.TRAVELERS' 'INSURANCE MACHINE CO. AWARDED $91585.20.Miss Elizabeth Yerkes is visitingfriends in Danville.Mr. J. M. Donnel, of Carlisle, wasa visitor in Paris yesterday.Miss Kate Alexander visitedfriends in Lexington this week.Miss Mae Elliott has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Lexington.Mr. R. P. Thomas, of ML Sterling,was among the visitors in this cityyesterday.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Beheler visitedMr. and Mrs. T. C. Henry, in Winchester, this week.Mr. Bige Bingham, of Barboursville, visited friends in this city several days this week.Mr. Oscar Taylor of New York arrived yesterda'y for a visit to Mr. andMrs. George Alexander.Mrs. William Cooper, who is uader treatment at the Massie MemorialHospital, does not improve.Mrs. Julian Howe and son arevisiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. W.G. Swearingen, in Carthage, O.Mr. and Mrs. Albert Erwin, of Atlanta, Ga., have arrived for a visit toMrs. Chas. L. Hukill, in this city.Mrs. Margaret McDermott andfamily will move to Louisville inabout three weeks to reside permanently. Mrs. George Redmon was calledto Georgetown this week on accountof the illness of her brother, Mr. Victor Howard.The Pastor's Aid Society of thePresbyterian church will hold an allday meeting Tuesday, May 26, at thechurch.Mrs. A. P. Allis, of this city, is inCincinnati under the care of Dr. Sattlers. Mrs. Allis is suffering from cataracts. Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Long arrivedMonday evening from San Francisco,Cal., for a visit to relatives in Bourbon county.Mrs. Edward Slattery, who recently underwent an operation at theSt. Joseph Hospital, in Lexington, isrecovering rapidly.Mrs. Burch Bell has returned toher home in Gallipolis, O., after a visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. A.Beheler) in this city.Mrs. H. H. Hancock and daughter, Miss Frances Hancock, left Monday morning for a visit to relativesin Alderson and Charleston, W. Va.Mrs. Edward Prichard left Tueslay morning for New York. While:here she will attend the commenceutme exercises at Wellesley College.The Maysville Bulletin says:"Mrs. Power, of this city, and Mr. andMrs. Ed. Kenner, of Flemingsburg, areguests, of Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Power, inParis."The german which was to havebeen given last night at the Elks'IIHall by the Bourbon German Clubwas postponed indefinitely and the invitations recalled.Mrs. W. E. Ellis returned Sundayevening from Texas, where she spenttwo weeks with relatives. She wasaccompanied to Kentucky by hermother, Mrs. Dickinson, who has beenin Texas since last autumn, and whowill visit in Glasgow before coming toParis for the summer.Mr. Harold Johnson, son of Mr.W. H. H. Johnson, of this city, is seriously ill at the Protestant Hospital,in Columbus, O., where he resides.Physicians were unable to diagnosehis trouble at first, but it is nowknown to be appendicitis. An operation will not be performed for several davs. Mr. Johnson's sisters, Mrs.D. D. Chandler and Mrs. John Clarke,of Delaware, O., are at his bedside.The many friends of this popularyoung man hope that he may have nspeedy recovery.TO THE LADIES.ILLINOIS PURCHASERBUYS CRACK MIRIAMIn the purchase of the beautifulthree-year-old mare, Miriam, M. A.Steele, of Freeport, 111., is said byhorsemen to have acquired the bestfive-gaited three-year-old seen in Kentucky in many years. This mare was, purchased of her breeders, E. K. andClaude M. Thomas, of Bourbon, during the past week. She is a chestnutin color, about fifteen hands twoinches high, and is a daughter ofBourbon King. Her dam is -Reverie,by Eric Chief, a son of HarrisonChief. She will be placed in thehands ot Thomas Bass,' of Mexico,Mo., and will be especially preparedfor the Missouri and Illinois showcircuits.Wanted.FRESH BUTTERMILK.We always have on hand Johnson'sfamous buttermilk. Fresh at alltimes.(19-2t) JAS. E. CRAVEN.THEATRGALColumbia To-day."Fantomas," the greatest of allmotion pictures, will be the attractionat the Columbia to-day? This is thegreatest detective story in five massive reels.If you have a bath tub for salephone the News office. We have acustomer for one. Telephone 124.(19-3t)FOR SALE.Country Lard and Hams for sale.MRS. J. H. THOOMPSON.Paris, Ky.19-3t E. T. Phone 256-1 ring.Dissolution Notice.BLUE GRASS SEED CROP WILLNOT SE HEAVY AS LAST YEARAlthough it is reported that theblue grass seed crop in Central Kentucky will be one ot the largest in thepast ten years, it is given out upongood authority, by larmers who arewell acquainted with the conditionsat this season, that the crop will notbe as large as it was last year. Theseed crop in Bourbpn will not quiteleach the average, but in many counties in the Blue Grass section the cropwill fall far beneath the average crop.Reports from Clark county are to theeffect that the seed crop this yearwill be exceedingly short. This istrue of a number of other counties inthis section. The drouth of last summer is said to be responsible for thecondition of the seed this year, andinstead of strong and healthy standsthe grass is very fragile and the headsare of a very poor quality. Localseed men are making extensive preparations for harvesting the crop thisyear, and within the next few daysstrippers will be started in many sections. The seed crop last year waspei haps the heaviest in a decade andmuch of the seed which was not soldis still in the hands of the farmers.To the Creditors of GeorgeAlexander & Co, StateBankNOTICE.The firm of Browner & Johnson isthis day dissolved by mutual consent.Mr. Browner retires from the firm andMr. Johnson will conduct the businessin his own name. All accounts dueto the firm of Browner & Johnson arepayable to Johnson, who also assumesthe payment of outstanding obligations. That the business will continue to enjoy the liberal patronage ofthe public, is the sincere wish of bothparties hereto. Respsctfully,GEO. W. BROWNEER.JNO. JOHNSON.(19-3w)S - .. 8rurcOpenKettleRenderedLard$6.00per 50 lb. canThis Week onlyI !!!!OWING TO OUR LARGE SPRING BUSINESS9 WE WERE FORCED TO DUPLICATEOUR ORDERS ONS Silks, Challis and .Wash GoodsHowever, you will find patterns and styles that aredifferent; values that you willjwill say9 are unsurpassedOur Dress Trimming and Lace StockCannot be equaled in this part of the State,When it comes to LACE CURTAINS, DRAPERIESM and RUGS we are right there we have the goods.W. Ed Tucker.IParis' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.f2e9:2-fsffim- tm ry"'48 faiS'BaldwinThe creditors of the above namedGeorge Alexander & Company StateBank are hereby notified to file theirclaims with the undersigned, verified as required by law, at my officeat the Bourbon Bank & Trust Company's place of business in Paris,Kentucky, on or before September 1,1914; and all depositors of said bank! are requested to bring in and leavewith the undersigned their passbooks, in order that they may beposted.BUCKNBR WOODFORDSpecial Deputy Banking Commissioner. (22-Fri 3mos.)Bros.,j Paris, Kentucky5 Both Phones: 32lLadies' DiamondRingsGenuine Cut Stones, Bright andSparkling, Mounted in14k Hand-Made SettingsSpecial Values at$10.00 and $12.50CO HINTON!Lace curtains nicely laundered at25 cents per pair.MRS. MINNIE THOMSON.Over Mann & James' Pool Room.SHE EXPECTS IT.Every girl graduate expects a present. Anything you may get, if itcomes from Winters', will please her.(19-tf)IMPORTED NUTS.Yesterday the Travelers' InsuranceMachine Co., of Louisville, was awarded a verdict of 91,585.20 in CircuitCourt in that city. The suit wasagainst the Noyes Manufacturing Co.,of Dayton, O. The amount asked forwas $100,000. The suit has beenpending for more than a year. Afterthe beginning of the suit the manufacturing company failed. Tlie Fidelity and Guaranty Co. was joined as adefendant as a surety for the company The plaintiffs alleged that themachine would not work properly.A number of people in this cityare stockholders in the Travelers' Machine Co.HANDSOME PROPERTY.The most centrally and best locatedproperty ever offered in Paris is theYerkes home, corner of Main and 11thstreets. The beautiful home oh Mainis one of the best in Paris, and thelost adjoining are only ones on themarket in the center of the city. Youare invited to inspect the propertySaturday. (19-tf)Pistachio Nuts, imported from Jerusalem. The best nut that grows.Trv them.(19-2t) JAS. E. CRAVEN.COLLEGE HILL LOTSSOLD AT LOW PRICES.STRAYEDFrom the farm of Dr. William Kenney, on the Lexington pike, Saturdaynight, one black or brown horse mule.Large wart on foreleg. Informationas to whereabouts should be communicated toCAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK,Paris, Ky.THE J. T. HINTON CO.tIip int Rale on College Hill, scheduled to take place yesterday after-:noon, resulted in the witnarawai otthe majority of the lots after four of.them had been put up and sold. Alarge crowd was in attendance, butwhen the lots were offered, the bidding was anything but spirited andthose sold brought prices below theirestimated value. The following lotswere sold at auction:Lot No. 3 td J. R. Payne for $1,000.Lot No. 4 to R. F. Bedford for $700.Lot No. 9 to John Wiggins for $750.Lot No. 10 to J. W. Brown for $680.WOOL!We pay highest market price forwool; Get your sacks from us. Bothphones 14. ',J ... t-t m. n o -DO-E1VPT" i, TIRO(5-titj unAB. o. D -AGED NICHOLAS CITIZEN MAKESVISIT TO BOURBON FRIENDSMr. Nimrod Wood, one of the oldest and most popular citizens of Nicholas county, was a visitor in Pansyesterday, spending the day with hisfriends. Mr. Wood was a former resident of Bourbon, living in this county two years, the remainder of hislife having been spent in Nicholas,where he was born. Mr. Wood willbe seventy-seven years of age nextTuesday, and has since 1820 celebrated the occasion with a feast athis home, about two miles from Carlisle, at which are invited a numberof his old friends. In spite of his advanced years he is extremely active,and does not seem to have sufferedfrom theyweight of more than threescore and ten years.CATTLE BRING LOW PRICESAT MT. STERLING COURTfollowing account of the MontgomeryCourt day:"About 1,200 cattle on the market.The quality was only fair, trade a bitslow, which is not to be wondered atwhen, prices (are considered. Somesmall steers were weighed at $8.25and some bunches sold by the headat from 9 to 10 cents. Heifers sold at$7.00 to $7.50. Cows at 5 to 61-2cents. Bulls at 6 1-2 cents. Old cowsand rough oxen 4 to 5 cents. Fairsized crowd at the pens and while wehad no foreign buyers all of the Central Kentucky counties had purchasers. Most of the stock sold bythe head and it was difficult to catchsales."Keep aKodak Record.The, pictures made so easilywill tell the child story for yearsto come.We will be glad to explain thesimple Kodak way in picturemaking it's all byfday light.Kodaks, $6.00 to $20.00.Brownie Cameras," $1.00 to $12.00The BestareAlwaystheCheapestj.,il4 se-i.'m.in',isistti. vi rw;is&Si?JST "ZZZXSsZ .r, -"TLr-..TKlii,;u-vvuir5 ii.s r'-seti rr-ssasti taaarfiw-, v&xtxc--: -i -v xaDon't EndangerYour .HealthWith aCheapRefrigeratorTHE ODORLESSREFRIGERATOR? Just Received Now on Display.You have heard of this great Refrigerator. We want you to see them Midknow what they are. YOUR SATISFACTION IS GUARANTEED.All Odorless Refrigerators are cased with the most carefully selected andthoroughly KILN DRIED OAK, not ash stained to imitate oak, but genuine oakitself, the material used in all high.grade Refrigerators and imitated in all others.'The Odorless is also lined with LINOFELT and it is NAILED in place, aodh 1to stay where it is put. The Odorless is made in both the White Enamel andthe Porcelain genuine lined. Will you let us show you these great Refrigerators?If you want a cheaper Refrigerator we have it. Come to-day.DaughertyBros.i:THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance Wood Mantels:IuiiVTHE BOUkfeON.NEWS PAfclS, KY., MAY 22, 1941vvThe Man WhoYPulls Teeth WithHis Fingers.V - - . i iMiii -m - .mmmmma AWfctf&SKm AWkWkWkWkWLWk. .H w"fcsss,.. I III PI IB I HI III IMPySjg ,IgXffl h raja IflnlllimMLthe Cori;M$&9RwSfttFIRST CLASS SERVICE ATFREEMAN'S BARBER SHOP.Having engaged the service of Louislivers, an experienced barber, I amnow prepared to handle my trade and, i, m.of fi,o.v. ooHoFot; ' predate the Noble and Unselfish efgive the most thorough satisfaction. . . .. Wo4Vw0,.e wll WQf fGive me a call and be convinced. IBUCK FREEMAN, jWoodland Stock FarmVHeadquarters For Draft HorsesBuster B.Dark Bay Horse, Weight 1,700.Sired by Imported Glitter 58803.13am by Imported Queen 41490.$10.00 TO INSURE.BUSTER B. is a coming four-year-oldand a young stallion of markedsize and condition. He is the kindthat will appeal to your fancy and youTrill make no mistake in breeding tohim.The Above Horses Will Make the Season of 1914 at Woodland Stock Farm.About 7 miles north of Paris on the Gynthiana pike. Money due whencolt Is foaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent.Xien retained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to preventaccidents, but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON, Lair, Kentucky.Fine Spring ClothesFor Men andBoys.Best Hats at LowestPricesTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L Wollstein, Proprietor.X 5We will have in Paris a Full Stock all Models. We SellPope, Flying Marshall and Day ton.The Joseph Candioto Co.151-1 53-1 55 North Broadway, Lexington, Ky.The -vorJd is growing better. But aman. has no business trying to tellthe truth unless he is willing to weara catcher's mask all day.The trouble with us Low Brows isthat we are Ingrates. We don't ap-keep us from getting the things wewant .BurleyBlack Percheron; Weight 1760.$10.00 TO INSURE.BURLEY is a splendid specimen ofthe dratt horse and his get haveproved to be of the very best. Thereis a steadily growing demand for theclass of horses produced by Burley,both upon the farm and in the cities.They can stand more work than theaverage horse. He is 8 years old, abeautifuL black, well formed, and ofthe class that catches the eye. In selecting a horse to breed to pick onewhose produce commands the bestprice.EXCELSIORSHOEBlackThe F. f. DalleyCo."TIZ" EASES TIRED,SORE, SWOLLEN FEETJust take your shoes off and thenput those weary, shoe-crinkled, aching, burning, corn-pestered, buniontortured feet of yours in a "TIZ" bath.Your toes willwriggle with joy;they'll look upAt you and almost talk andthen they'lltake anotherdive in that"TIZ" bath. 'W n e n yourfeet feel alltired out justtry "TIZ." It'sgrand Your feet will dance with 3oy;no more pain in corns, callouses andbunions. There's nothing like "TIZ."It's the only remedy that draws outall the poisonous exudations whichpuff up your feet and cause foot torture. Get a 25 cent box of "TIZ" at anydrug or department store don't wait.Ah! how glad your feet get; how comfortable your shoes feel. You canwear shoes a size smaller if you desire. (No. 3-fri)FOREST FIRE SEASONGETS AN EARLY STARTThe first reports of forest fireshave begun to come in to Washington from the National forests andthey indicate to the Federal officersan early start of the forest fire season, with unfavorable weather conditions from the very beginning. In thenorthwest there was less snow on themountains at the end of the winterthan for many years past. Railroadrights of way which were last yeardeep in snow are reported clear nowI and dry enough to burn readily.From the Canadian border to Mexico the reports are similar, and therehave alread been extensive fires inCalifornia and Arizona.The chief forester reports, however,that the fire-fighting forces of the service are organized better than everbefore, particularly in respect to thefire detection system of lookout stations. By means of these stationsfires' are reported quickly and accurately, so that the control forces maybe on the ground at the earliest possible moment.In those States where the gravestdanger threatens, special efforts arebeing made by the government foresters and by co-operation associations organized among timber landowners, to secure care with fire onthe part of campers, prospectors,loggers and railroads. The northwestem forestry and conservation associations, with headquarters at Portland,Oregon, is one of the leaders in thiscampaign.IJU Udltmi i ! r j i. i jJbJkak&Ha.HlkOne application soothes and heals'a roughpimply&km.and.vvhenrepeated.quicklyefFectsa cure. Eczema, Erysipelas, Tetter, Ulcers andall skin diseases yield to its curative properties.Sue a box. At all Druggists.Send for free sample and hoot:. "Health and Beauty.JOHNSTON. HOLLOWAY A CO.,1730 Spring Cardan St., Phils., Pa.fcC AttnSEpiP:POLISHESTanBUFFALO, N. Y., HAMILTON, ONT.LIVE STOCK INCREASESON NATIONAL FORESTS.Figures showing the number of live- jstock for which the Secretary of Agriculture has authorized grazing per-jmits for the ranges on the 160 National forests during the yar 1914have just been made public farly11 million animals can be grazed, including nearly 2 million had 'of cattleand horses, nearly 9 million head ofsheep and goats, and about 65 thous-.and hogs. This means an increase forthe current year of about 38 thousandmore cattle and horses, and 347 :thousand more sheep and goats, although the gross area of the Nationalforests at the beginning of 1914 is al-!most a million acres less than at the Ibeginning of 1913. jDuring 1913, according to the reports just compiled, more than 27thousand stockmen paid the government for grazing permits on the National forests.For several years past the carryingcapacity of the National forest rangeshas been slowing raising, which, forest officers say, indicates an improvement in general grazing conditionsand a better utilization of the forageresources. They claim that this isdue mainly to the enforcemnt of better methods of distributing and handling stock.On the lands recently acquired bythe Federal Government within theAppalachian region of the East, regulated grazing has been undertakenon six different areas. The localstock owners have readily acceptedthe change of ownership and appearto be favorably impressed with themethods employed by the forest service for grazing purposes. While thenumber of all animals authorized tograze upon these Southern Appalachian forests is not large, it is the belief of the forest officers in charge ofthem that under careful supervisionthe lands will support more stockthan they have in the past and thatthere will be considerable improvement in the individual animals, witha constant increase in meat production. KEEP THE BOWELMOVEMENTREGULARDr. King's New Life Pills keep thestomach, liver and kidneys in ahealthy condition. Rid the body ofpoisons and waste. Improve yourcomplexion by flushing the liver and .kidneys. "I got more relief from onebox of Dr. King's New Life Pills than 'any' medicine I ever tried," says C. E.Hatfield, of Chicago, 111. 25c, at (your druggist's. ,(May) (adv) jThe old-fashioned girl who used tothink that -"Mugg's Landing" was thegreatest play ever staged now has adaughter who turns up her nose atanything less elevating than "Damaged Goods."iAs soon as a married woman getsthe thing she wants she changes hermind and wants something else:FOREST NOTES.There is a considerable amount ofyew in California, and makers ofbows are seeking material there forarchery sets.Western yellow pine cones, to theamount of 6,377 bushels, obtained onthe Bitterroot National Forest, Montana, yielded 9,482 pounds of seed.The average cost of the extractedseed was 41 cents per pound.Results from Western white pineplantations three seasons or more oldshow an average of 97 per cent, success. On average white pine soilplanting can be conducted for from $5 jto $6 per acre.Forest botanists recognize only oneeypress in the United States. Itsrange extends from Delaware southward around the coast into Texas andup the Mississippi valley to Illinoisand Indiana. It is one of the fewcone-bearing trees which drop theirleaves in winter. The heartwood ofcypress is noted for its decay-resistantproperties.The Chinese National conservationbureau is considering reforestation atthe headwaters of the Yellow River.The government report shows thatthis will ameliorate the torrents andcause a more regular flow from thenow denunded uplands. It is acknowledged, however, that this reforestation may not have an appreciableeffect within the lifetime of the present generation.MOLLYCODDLELAXATIVESCan Not and Do Not Touch the LiverThey may clear out the intestinal tract,but do not relieve the dammed-up bile.Years ago May Apple Root (called Podophylliu) was aJaat-resortbile starter.It griped fearfully, but brought out thebile. Podophyllin with the gripe takenout is now to be had under the name10cFOR SALEAll of the household furniture atBourbon College will be sold on June3. Velvet and moquet carpets, rugsand mattings, in excellent condition,are for sale. Excellent practice pianos sold either privately or on dayof sale. Apply toMRS. M. G. THOMSON(1-8-15)FOR SALE PRIVATELYI will sell privately my house andlots on the corner of Eleventh andMain streets. Possession given July1. Any one desiring to examine theproperty may call on Saturdays.(15tf) W. L. YERKES.FOR SALE.Two thoroughbred blacw bulls.One yearling and one 2-year-old.19-2t M. J. MURPHY & CO.SAVE MONEYWHEN YOUPAINT YOUR HOUSEIt costs no more to apply HighStandard' 'quality paint and it givesmore beautiful effects and wearslonger. Thus you will get bestresults and save money by usingThis is a ready-to-use paint of highest quality. It has great spreading andprotecting power, and the colors arevery durable. It comes in a large number of tints and shades, making possibleany color scheme.Come in for color cards, and let ushelp solve your painting problems.Chas. E. Butler &CoOpp. Court House.TheandkKjArThe telephone goes hand in hand with goodroads.The telephone overcomes many of the obstacles of bad roads and makes it possible for thefarmer and other rural residents to transact business in the city and with neighbors when theroads are impassable.Progressive farmers are insisting upon goodroads and telephones. These two agencies ofModern civilization are doing more than all otherstoward eliminating the isolation of country life.You can have a telephone in your home at verysmall cost. Send a postal for our free bookletgiving complete information.FARMERS' LINE DEPARTMENTCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyINCORPORATED. .Mr. A. D. Brown, the man who usedto pull teeth with his fingers on,stock sales days at Paris, Ky., andwhose work was the talk of the wholecounty.Last fall this same Mr. Browncame to Paris on Court, Day and advertised a medicine known asBrown's Snake Oil Liniment, and leftit for sale wjth Chas. E. Butler & Co.,druggists of Paris, Ky. Since then,Mr. Butler has sold hundreds of bottles of this wonderful medicine, andmakes the broad statement that ithas produced more cures than anymedicine that was ever sold through,his drug store.Last Court Day Mr. Brown introduced on the streets, through Mr.Butler's drug store, a medicine knownas Brown's N,ative Herbs in LiquidForm, and a great many bottles weresold under a positive guarantee thatit would cure all forms of StomachyTrouble, Constipation, Catarrh, Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Water BrashRheumatism, Kidney and BladderChills and Fever, Diseases commonto Women.Its introduction into every community has been followed by some ofthe most remarkable cures. Brown'sNative Herbs in Liquid Form isguaranteed to cure Constipation, Indigestion, and to set the stomachright. It matters not of how long:standing the disease may be. It atthe same time tones up the entirenervous system, gives strength and.vigor to those who are weak, sick andnervous. To prove all this we ask.you to go and have a talk with Mr.Butler at his store, buy a bottle- of theNative Herbs, and if it is not just as.we recommend and advertise it, you.can go back to Mr. Butler and he willgive you your dollar just as cheerfully as he takes it. Brown's NativeHerbs in Liquid Form and Brown'sSnake Oil Liniment, remember, aresold under a positive guarantee,it today.Try;After a woman has been marriedfor a while she gets so that the fewkisses she gives her husband are aspassionate and affectionate as a messof cold mush and powdered alum. Andthen she wonders why her husbandrubbers longingly at a fine girl whenhe thinks no one is looking.&-.COUNTY COURT DAYS.Below is a list of the days CountyCourts are held each month in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawrecenurg, 3d Monday.Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, lst Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Breathitt, Jackson, 4th Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday., Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Henry, Newcastle, 1st Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, nd Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday.Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Monday. Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday.Oldham, Lagrange, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Peiidleton, Falmoucn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wayne, Montecello, 4th Monday.Woodford, Versailles. 4th Monday.TelephoneGood RoadsSupplies of all kinds.3'LFor Safe by All Druggists.Wc ?VS1HE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS. KENTUCKY,. MAY 22 1914,-Mmm99m9m91iBORLAND'SThe Home of Good Wall PaperWALL PAPER TALK No. 6.The Hall First impressions are lasting and ft istherefore essential that a gcod impression is secured.Entrance to the house is. usually through the hall or reception room; for that reason it should suggest hospitality and be to some extent an index of what is to follow.Formerly the hall was not considered a part of the houseand was a dark, gloomy place, a sort of a purgatorythrough which the travel had to pass to reach theheavenly rest beyond. Now, however, the decorationsare more in keeping with the adjoining rooms. But careshould be taken to have all the rooms in harmony. Ourdecorative department is at your service.LOOK US UP!514 Main. St., Next to Mro. Mamie IParlcer.TELEPHONE 159 ' Jk ,SBTBs BBBBBBBBBBP BBBH BBBBBBBBBBV BBBV BBBBBBBBBBW BYHJ Pans Odorless Cleaning Co-Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedjto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless CleaningXo., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.'OKISOCIETY APPROVESTHEFLAREANDUNEExotic Influence in Paris,Where Egypt Inspires. the Latest GownsSKIRTS ARE NOWSLOWLY WIDENINGNHHHIa 1 fSpecialMay Sale.50 Ladies' Stylish andHandsomeSpringSuits$9-95-'On .aCJ) f COPYMOMtU'COVAll Sizes and Colors,KINDLY CALL ATTwin Bras. Depanmenf store,Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.IwBarlwSliopCorner Fourta and MainModern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDHFirst Popular Price Excursion of the SeasonTo Cincinnati and ReturnSundayMay 24, 1914,$1.50For the Round TripOf BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chiefs throat curesqnac A -fw drnna in th-ftHrfnklncr water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseasesof Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, lyFor Sale by W. T. BrooksSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a. m., returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m. Forfurther information call onPILES! PILES! PILESWILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMEPWiH cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching PilIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacts as a- poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by ail -druggists, mail 50c and 1WILLIAMS MFG. CO., ., Ctevtorf, -L.Oberdorfcr, Drufglit, Partf, Ky.Low round trip Summer iTouristtickets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct 31, with very liberalstop-over privileges. For further information call on or addressJ. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.NEW YORK, May 21. Details Ofthe women's toilette of today are asource of great extravagance. Fromthe little bag she carries to her umbrella and parasol, there is never-endingvariation and artistic treatment.Every detail of her toilette reveals anunheard-of workmanship, expressingan audacious fancy. Her shoes areespecially made for each dress, whileher gltfves are like long supple bootsand of unusual length. It is rumoredthat the exaggerated head-dresses aregrowing more conservative, the highscaffolding is being moderated, whichpredicts the return of the pretty lowcoiffures, without dye and powder.Then we will see only wonderful pinsand combs, giving an excuse for magnificent ornaments of an infinite variety.rW83&rmmm' &Amture. This material in solid lightblue "was combined with white tissuegingham having squares blocked offby a hair-line of black. The mainportion of the waist and of the skirtare of solid blue. The fronts of thewaist are of the checked material,bound on the front edge with black.Ruffles of this fall from the bottomof the short sleeves and show beneath the bustle skirt, also boundwith black. Binding instead of hemming is the latest smart finish. Anet chemisette, with a collar of lacewired to flare, complete this delightful frock.The return of the jumper waist forthe smart spring taffeta frock hassolved many a problem for the economical woman. The organdy sleevegives the appearance of an underblouse, as the same organdy showsin front, in the high or surplicedvest. The sleeves can be elbow orwrist length, with an organdy cuff ifif long, and with a frill of lace if shortand a more elaborate costume is desired. Two effects are strongly markedthis season in the line of the bottomof the skirt. One, the narrow, tightfitting underskirt that has a strongtrouser effect, and the other frills,either frill on frill, lifted at each side,or peeping gayly from under the updraped overskirt. These narrowskirts, that sprefad as the frilledflounces give to each step, are fascinating for dance frocks, as they prevent the short dance skirt from having a hard, unbecoming binding lineabout the ankle which is usual withstraight narrow skirt, so suitable forlong tunic and tailored frocks.The wider skirt is inevitable, if thetendency to pleats, now so strong,continues in vogue. Flat side pleatsare seen on many skirts, fallingstraight from the line of the belt tothe bottom of- the skirt, extendingonly across either the front or theback of the skirt. This tendency topleats is seen in many varieties ofpleated tunics, and in the much-usedtrimming of box-pleated, or knifepleated taffeta frills to edge tunics,ruffles and capes.Speaking of capes, we now see theresult which is usually the case whenone style of garment becomes enthusiastically adopted. Instead of onetype of cape we see a variety oftypes, and many variations of eachtype, which have sprung up likemushrooms, over night. The tallwoman, who is slight, chooses a capelong and ample, lined with color andMcCallTaffeta Silk, Figured and Plain, MakeThis Interesting Frock.The Orient and all its rich embroideries, as well as the draped line,inspired by its silhouette, still has anirresistable charm in the new gowns.India and China, as well as Persia,add their influence to the smart gowning of the modern woman. Just atpresent it is the Persian turban whichhas the widest influence.At Longchamps the most seductivedresses were nothing more or less,than Egyptian. Gowns of supplesilk, full of the color of the fierysands, had no waistline, but buttonedfrom the neck to the bottom of thethe basque down the middle of thefront, where the bacpue at the bottonwas enlarged with several points.This basque fel over a narrow skirtof matching serge, its shortness showing feet well shod in high heeled lowshoes decorated with large Louis XIVbuckles. A soft and pliant scarfpassed about the hips and fell in frontin two flat ends. To complete thisbizarre costume, which is rather radical in its line, a bunch of white violetswas worn at the belt, while aroundthe neck was a ruche of ostrich feathers. The gloves, larger than large,were of gray suede stitched withblack. On the head was a hat, highand square in shape, covered withtight, small pink roses placed closelytogether. Over this hat floated alarge veil of lace worn as often raisedas lowered over' the face.The materials are extremely beautiful this season. The taffetas resemble satins, and the satins exoticfabrics from the Orient; while thewoolens, in checks, used for afternoon costumes, are not less supple orexquisite to the touch. Even the linens, striped and flowered, are art-inspired,and reveal all the poetry ofthe Romantic period.A striking frock to be worn afternoons I have used for my first illustration. Dark blue taffeta is combined with taffeta, having a crudecolored Futurist design strewn carelessly across it. Long ends of thisfigured silk are attached to the frontsof the blue taffeta waist and tie loosely in the back. The skirt of solid bluehas panniers of the figured silk,draped bouffant at each side.The seebnd frock, also illustrated,is of the new sheer gingham calledtissue gingham. It is similar to avoile, -but has more body jTo its tex-jfyviT W'McC'allA Combination of Fabric? That Produces a Frock of Unusual Style,trimmed near the 'collar with a lineof little buttons. .. superb blonde,who has a full, tall figure, can drapeherself in a mysterions dark cape,built on the lines of an Italian gendarme. The result Is a style not tobe worn by every one. Further developed, we see the smaller and moregraceful short, capes, falling from theshoulders for the most part only inthe back, and having a large squarecollar. These are not unlike thecapes worn by Harlequin, Columbine,and even Pierrot.Under the influence of the cape hasappeared the redingote, topped byDirectoire hunting capes. This, "witha shortened basque and with an enlarged cape, gives us a hybrid mantlewhich has been received with greatenthusiasm, and is distinctly smart."Mignon" capes, hanging from theshoulders of the small bolero jacket,are the exact opposites of the Bretoncape and' the Roman toga, which aremost suitable for motoring.Black iJLWm tmk1 an fLw M M k m bbbbAX rWhite l-HBPBj BoaBest WH(CZ3i3P 1v Shoes NjfwAJy-3 t oLUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)Some of the baker's bread may beunderweight, but it is a big improvement on the home made stuff thatweiehs 48 ounces to the pound.When a man loses $10 playing pokerhe consoles himself with the reflection that anyway his wife didn'tspend it buying fool junk from everyagent that came around.The Slouch adopted by the Princesses may be very fashionable withthem. But to a mere fat-headed manthey fool as though" tKeyKad1 spentabout four hours- hanging over therail nf nn nnenn linpr intorvipwinp' tbpfish&.STRAWBERRIESThe Finest on the MarketRECEIVED DAILY -ALSOAll the VegetablesOf thelSeasonOUR LINE OFCanned GoodsCannot Be ExcelledN. A. MOORE.Sauer's Old Standkl-S&2$4.rLEINII-IAIVS1CashSpecialsi25 lb. sack H. & E. Sugar. $1,25(With a three dollarjpurchase)Large size can Tomatoes 10c3 cans Baby Bunton Corn 25cPride of Illinois Corn 10cCracked Rice, per lb 05cFancy Head Rice, perjlb 10c2 cans Cu-Tu-No Red Salmon 35c ,Palm Brand JPeas, perlcan 10cFox Lake Peas Per can 15cSugar Loaf Peas, per can 20cBulk Coffee, per lb 20cLANCASTER PRIDE PLOUR25-pound sack 80c50-pound sack y. $1.55100-pound sack 3.00Stone's Wrapped Cakes Received Fresh Daily. ,T. C. LENIHA1N.Cash Grocery.1 Both Phones 234.JtIMillilllJliliBr '.4--t.frTtHHM'fitUf r -MM mo2bs ASrasSfAvSOT3-oI 33 "-$ 1M &YA ,vVx"g o -fa--i-fcirEjr ;?l!rTT!??r;??r:1MMf????Jff?M?r??tTgT,!rii:irti'H?Tj;iM'it' frg'8i u ' Sj'ffB'Mflm "4Hiiiiii!iiiiiiiiiiim.iiiiMiiiiii.'ii:!.saBgmM 11 fSilhcMT Tin zha i ri grittiii - i t'i rtiii i iininMETAL SHINGLESAre StoiTngropfThey interlock and overlap in such a way that the hardest driving rain or sifting snow cannot possibly get under them.Besides this they last indefinitely, and never need repairs.Another point They're very reasonable in first cost. You canlearn all about them fromBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.Strayed or Stolen !Black mare, right hind foot white,scar on left fore leg above knee.Vbout 16 hands high. Weight 1,300oounds. Suitable reward for informal.ion leading to her recovery.HIRAM MARTIN,Millersburr, K.(8;2t)Notice to ContractorsBids for the erection of the Y. IT. C.A. building, Paris, Ky., will be opeae.at 10 a. m T,.uesday, June 2. All feifemust besealed and in the hands- uCthe Building Committer by that dU.Specifications may be obtained by addressing the Secretary at tfee PeopleBank, Parte, Ky.HuiiiDiNG cowmnnwm.ffiL,iqppw mi imptiipmmmiiuimMmi" . 'THE BOURBON NEWS; JPARI, KENTUCKY, MAY 22, 1914.31&Is the Choicest Pickings of the bestknown Gardens oi the Orient andis noted for its line flavor and delicate Aroma. Try it today. Forsale by all Grocers.Why pay more. Noted theWoriioyer as the Best. Packed freshCertified Check444CERTIFIED CHECKevery day, in sanitary sealed .car Ztons. For sale by all Grocers at SO Xcents per pound. Save the Coupons. 4TEA4sfcU3tSlWtCti J-5Jl-JlniUS OF M1LLEBSBURGThe commencement exercises ofthe M. F. C. were continued Monday-with the annual concert at the M. F.C. Auditorium. This, like all the pre--vio:zsexercises, was well attended.Advanced pupils of the musical department were given an opportunityto show what they had done duringthe year. The brilliancy of each performer in many respects surpassedthose of former years. There is noquestion but what the members ofthe musical faculty are superiorteachers. The vocal numbers of thework reached its climax in its lastnumber, "Invitation to the Dance,"with two pianos and six violins. OnTuesday morning the M. F. C. Auditorium was filled to overflowing,many being compelled to stand during the entire commencement exercises. This was partly due to thefact that Dr. Crowe was to deliverthe baccalaureate address. His discourse on Sunday being a logical one.all lovers of culture were anxious tohear him again. "At the appointedtime the class of 1914, with the members of the faculty of the Institutetook their places on the rostrum.The class was made up of" the following: Misses Jennie McMillan, A. B.,Christine Patterson, A. B., Margaret,Anne Peterson, A. B., Martha Adelaide Smith, A. B., Mildred Washington Bruce, B. S., Mattie Lydia Burford, B. S., Nell Loraine Hammond,B. S., Ruth Russell Norris, B. S. Dr.John M. Crowe, of Pulaski, Va., theable orator of the occasion, deliveredthe baccalaureate address, taking ashis subject "Heroes and Heroines."His address was a masterly effort,and many beautiful pictures weredrawn. It was sublime, eloquent andat the same time practical.Dr. Fisher awarded the diplomas atthe close of the address in an appropriate and touching address. Thehonor roll was then read. In a shortaddress Dr. Fisher called attention tothe building of the annex which is tobe erected during the present summer, and appealed to the studentbody and all friends of the Instituteto do what they could to enlist the interest of new students for next year.He also announced that in the verynear future the name of the Millersburg Female College would bechanged to something more appropriate. Many of the students and thefaculty left for their respective homesTuesday afternoon and evening, andthe remainder left Wednesday.Dr. W. M. Miller and , family returned Wednesday after a two weeks'visit in Atlanta, Ga.Mr. William .Peed, of Lexington,was at the bedside of his brother, Mr.J. J. Peed, Monday and Tuesday.Mrs. Mollie Peed, son and daughter, Mr. Alfred Peed and Miss MaryPeed, of Mayslick, were at the bedside of Mr. J. J. Peed, Tuesday.Mrs. O. W. Ingels entertained anumber of her friends Wednesday afternoon with, a buffet luncheon in honor of her sister, Mrs. B. H. Dorian, ofMemphis, Tenn.The Millei-sburg' Military Institute commencement exercises beginsSunday, May 31, at 10:30 a. m., withthe baccalaureate sermon by Rev.Mark Collis, D. D. pastor of theBroadway Christian church, Lexington. On Monday morning at 9:00 a.lm., the usual competitive and exhibition drill, followed by base ball gameriKBSTJL JlXI1B EXPRESS IS IN THIS TOWNAND INTO STAYnTOR seventy-five years three-quar---ters of a century the express hasbeen the right-hand of the shippers ofcommercial America. The express cameto Paris in 1854, and it came to stay.For 50 years it has been the right-handof commercial Paris.It is here to stay. The other daywhen reports went out that the expresscompanies might retire from business, aprotest went up. From whom this pro-PERSONAL SERVICE-FULL RESPONSIBILITYtest the express companies? No! Themerchants of- the country shipperseverywhere petitioned Congress thatno action might be taken that mighthave the effect of forcing the expresscompanies to retire. Commercial organizations all over the land have joinedin this appeal to Washington.For seventy-five years in the pastand for a good many years in the future Express Service will meanLAdams Express Company, JOHN DEAN, Manager.Cumberland Phone 425 Office L. & N. Passenger DepBt Ibetween M. M. I. and Cynthiana HighSchool, and at 8:00 p. m., in the drillhall a play will be given by the cadets, entitled "The Private Secretary.", for which admission will becharged.On Tuesday morning in the drillhall, at 10:30 o'clock, the graduationexercises will be held. Rev. M. B. Allen, D. D., President of the Georgetown College, will deliver the addressto the graduates.The graduating class consists ofRodney King Dugan, Jr., Woodlawn,Ky.; Thomas Montague Farnsworth,Jr., Harrodsburg, Ky.; Edward Warfield Fithian, Paris, Ky.; William Barbour Mason, Lancaster, Ky.; JohnWillia May, Lexington, Ky.; Lawrence Price, Paris, Ky.; Ben ClayPlummer, Cynthiana, Ky.; CalvinDarnall Secrest, Brooklyn, N. Y.;James Madison Todd, Lexington,Ky.; Paul Brwin Thompson, Versailles. The public is cordially invited to attend all the exercises.The Millersburg Military institute has sent out beautiful invitationsfor the Commencement. They are inthe form of booklets, the cover ofwhich is marked with the M. M. I.monogram embosed in gold and theseal of the school in navy blue andgold. The cards are tied with blueribbon to match.On the inside covers are the following: The Senior Classj of theMillersburg Military Instituterequests your presence at theirCommencement ExercisesTuesday morning, June the secondNineteen hundred and fourteenM. M. I. Drill HallGraduatesRodney King Dugan, Jr.Thomas Montague Farnsworth, Jr.Edward Warfield Fithian.William B. Mason.John William May, Jr.Lawrence Price.Ben Clay Plummer.Calvin Darnall Secrest.James Madison Todd.Paul Erwin Thompson.The program will bewhere. '- The young .men of the town entertained the visitors and otherfriends who were here for the purpose of attending the commencementexercises with a dance Tuesday nightat the Opera House. There were notmany out-of-town guests present, withthe exception of those visiting here.There were about fourteen coupleson the floor, just enough to make itpleasant. At midnight a delightfullunch was served at the StirmanHouse, which was partaken of bymost all present. The music was furnished by a Lexington orchestra.There were a few visitors from Parisand Cynthiana.found else-I m HKKl mum w IIWING to the Unseasonable Weather till now and our 1ii" Heavy buying, we Find Ourselves Overstocked in IHigh-Grade Spring and Summer'FOOTWEARQuick Action Demanded to Reduce Our Enormous Stock of Absolutely theBest and Latest Spring and Summer Footwear at Prices So LowThat Will Astonish Even the Most Economical.Ladies' Colonial Pumps of elegant Patent Colt Men's Tan Oxfords of the best qualities andor Soft Dull Calf, genuine (3.50. values, ' makes, rubber soles, 4.50 values, at $3.50at ...-.$2.49 and $1.99 Men's Tan and Gun Metal Oxfords and EnglishLadies' Suede and Velvet Mary Jane Pumps of last, of the famous Walk-Over and Beacon,the best makes, genuine ?4 and $3.50 values, at 2.50 best values at 4.00Ladies' Oxfords and Baby Doll Pumps of dull Men's High Shoes and Oxfords in Tan and Gunsoft Kid, light soles, genuine $4 and $3.50 val- Metal, bench made, $4 values at 2.99ues' at ' 2.50 Mm's Oxfords in Tan, Patent Leather and GunLadies' Oxfords and Pumps, samples, at 1 .49 Metal, $3 values at., $2.49 and 1 .99Misses' and Children's Elegant Patent Colt or Soft Kid Baby Doll Pumps andOxfords, best qualities, at $1 .24, 99c, 89c and 79c.Special Bargain Prices on Satin Pumps for Graduation.A Great Reduction on High. Priced Pumps and Oxfords.Space Here is Too Limited to Give All the Numerous Bargains Come and Convince Yourself !ID-AJST COHEN'SGreatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReignsIOEHSRENICK.Miss Elizbeth Renick, the prettyand attractive daughter of Mr. andMrs. B. M. Renick, died in Nashville,Tenn., Monday evening, from typhoid,fever.Since last September she had beena student at the Ward-Belmont College, and was making her home withher aunt, Mrs. Neade Frierson. Sixweeks ago she was stricken with typhoid fever, and her mother wascalled to her bedside.She seemed to be on the road to recovery until about a week ago, whenshe suffered a relapse, and in spiteof all the efforts of the most skillfulphysicians she continued to growworse until 'the end came.Miss Rnick was born in this cityin September, 1898, and would havebeen sixteen years old next September. She was a member of the Presbyterian church, having pcofessedfaith with that denomination at anearly age. For several years she wasa student at tne .fans uity scnooi,and attended Bourbon College. Latershe entered the private school of Mrs.Fanniebelle Sutherland, where shecontinued until last fall, when she entered the Nashville College.She was a beautiful and accomplislied young woman, and by her gentle manners made a host of friends.Her death was a severe shock to herparents, as well as to her numerousfriends, who were devoted to her.She is survived by one brother, Mr.Coleman Renick, a student in CenterCollege, Danville.Mr", and Mrs. Renick and son wereat her bedside when the end came,Mr. Renick having been called to thatcity Sunday.The remains were brought to thiscity Tuesday afternoon, and takento the Renick home on Duncan avenue. The funeral services were conducted from the residence yesterdaymorning at 10 : 30 o'clock by Eld. W.E. Ellis, and the burial followed inthe family lot in the Paris cemetery.The following were the pall-bearers:Jos. M. Hall, John M. Brennan, C. K.Thomas, Fred Batterton, W, H. Harris and Dr. M. H. Dailey.IN MEMORIAM,When a beautiful girl like ElizabethRenick passes from among us itleaves a void in our lives which isdifficult to fill. But when we realize that she has gone just a littleway from us and that we shall soonfollow on, it leads us to inquire intoher new life and to endeavor to findin what her new happiness consists.For the spiritual world never becomes iquite so near and so real to us asjwhen we follow into it our dearfriends and sympathize with them inthe improvements and enjoyments ofthat blessed life. What must havebeen the joy of our Lord in receivingher spirit, which has passed throughthis world of sore temptation with animproving virtue. What a delicaterefinement was hers. And how tenderly she felt for those she loved.What goodness, what purity, whatsympathy and intensity of love sheever manifested for her loved ones,and with it all how gentle and sweetand lovely. She silently spreadaround her that soft, pure light, thebeauty of which, and the powerare never fully known until it is gone.Her calm, gentle spirit, her sweet and jloving sympathy and her just andclear preception of right, fitted herpreeminently for the place which sheheld in the hearts of her many friends.No one who ever knew her wellcould easily forget the peculiar, attractiveness with which she drew herfriends to herself so gentle, so tender, so loving. The world was beautiful to her and life was sweet, and shetried to show her generous impulses,noble aspirations and unselfish devo-tion by her life of beautiful unselfishness toward others. But" she has goneon before us and will be waiting togreet us at the beautiful gate, for she ,is not dead.There is no death; What seems so istransition,This life is mortal breath,Is but a suburb of the life elysian,Whose portal we call death. ,Let's go and open the gates of pearL .Open them wide for this dear littlegirl."Said the children up in heaven. ."For on the earth, do you hear themweep?"Said the children up in heaven."For the dear little girl has gone tosleep,The shadows fall and the night cloudssweepO'er the earth we used to live in;But we wil go and open the gates ofpearlsO, why do they weep for the littlegirl?"Said the children up in heaven."God wanted her where His little onesmeet,"Said the children up in heaven."She shall play with us in the golden.She liad grown too fair, she hadgrown too sweet;For the earth we used to live inShe needed the sunshine, this dear little girl,That gilds this side of the gates ofpearl."Said the little children up in heaven."Fly with her quickly, O angels dear,"Said the children up in heaven."See, she is coming; Look there, Lookthere!At the jasper lights in her sunny hairWhere the veiling clouds are risen,O, hush, hush! The swift wings furl,For the King himself at the gates ofpearlIs taking her hand, dear sweet littlegirlAnd leading her into heaven.'!' ' ' - LRcgshVBLAKE.Mr. John Blake, a prominent farmer of the Centerville neighborhood,died Monday night at 12:30 at hishome, after an illness of about two: weeks. Mr. Blake was 46 years ofage, and was unmarried. He madehis home with his onlv survivinghirother, Mr. Ed. Blake, the brothersbeing largely engaged in farming.One sister, Mrs. E. J. Welsh, alsosurvives.The funeral will be held this morning at 9 o'clock, at the Catholicchurch. Services by Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn. Burial in the Catholic 'cemetery. PaU-b,arers: E. M.Costello, J. E. Grace, M. A. Grace, W.J. Burns, Robert Shea, John Welsh,Ed. Roche, John Maher and T. C. Lei-ihan.MJ HOUSE.Eighth and Main tNo Delivery SNo Phones 8No Credit SSliced Ham ber lb 25cSliced Breakfast Bacon, lb . ,25c JFresh Pork Sausage, per lb 18cChuck Steak, per lb 16cRound Steak, per lb 18c J-Loin Steak, per lb 20cPorterhouse Steak, per lb. .22cPlate Roast, per lb 2c JChuck Roast, per lb 15cRib Roast, per lb 16cRump Roast, per lb 15cPork Chops, per lb 18cPork Roast, per lb 16cPure Lard, per lb 14cFresh Fish Received Dailv.tM. J, Heifer j&CO. !9She is not dead, the child of our affection; But gone into that schoolWhere she no longer needs our poor ,protection,And Christ himself doth rule. 2In that great cloister's stillness and j Moonliicirm JBy guardian angels ledSafe from temptation, safe fromsin's pollution,She lives whom we call dead.Let us be patient; These severe afflictions, INot from the ground arise,But oftimes celestial benedictionsAssume this dark disguise.We see but dimly through the mistsand vapors,'Amid these earthly lamps;What seems to us but sad funeraltapers.May be heaven's distant lamps.Her beautiful life is suggestive ofheaven, whither she has gone. Sheis resting at peace with God and the Irichest heritage to her loved ones isthe Christian example she has leftthem.The following little poem was read iat her burial by request; entitled,"What Do They Say.""O, what do you think the angels Isay"Said the children up in Heaven."There's a little girl coming here today, She's almost ready to fly away v tFrom the earth we used to live in; 'How's Your Blood?Now is the time to takea good blood and springmedicine to knock outthat tired feeling.Is your appetite good?Do you have rheumatism in a mild form?Are you billious?We recommendChapin's Blood Purifier.It is expressly compounded for correctings u c h difficulties andstraightening out a system made sluggish bybad cold. We guaranteeChapin's to straightenyou up and give you anew lease on life.Try it to-day.Price, $1 Large Bottle. People's PharmacyDoyle Building Sth and MainPARIS, KY."Watch Our Windows."ifrr-I.n3T"""-n.rtjif.'V?frSL-v.$&.-Qkff V..4J - .Vs-., t -,AfewjLy.- i,1- , 5h., i'iuLA,:- ..s,.-.jTg-y