THEAll iniBOURBONNEWSV-V AgfVPUBLISHED EVBY TUESDAY AUD'pBIDAY IN THE YEAHrvfJVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 13, 1914.OOUNGfL IKESTRIBUTE PAIDrAPPROPRIATIONTO WM. GQEBELAT UNVEILING"WE KNOW HOW"&COURT HOLD THATWHITLEY CITY ISWELFARE LEAGUESum of $25 Per Month toAid in Support of VisitingNurseMEETING OFLEAGUE HELDCommittee Reports Effort toEngage A CompetentNurseTHE COUNTY SEATCase From McCreary ConntyIs Decided By SpecialJudge StoutNOLAW FORSUCH CONTESTPine Knot Contestants AreKnocked Out By Decision TuesdayThe City Council at the regularmeeting last night .appropriated thesjm of 25 per month for the use othe Health and Welfaie League to beused in dafraying the expense of avisiting nurse to aid in the care ofcharity patients afflicted with disease.The motion to make the allowancewas made by Councilman W. O. Hinton, who presented the case of theKe&lth and Welfare League and whostated at length the purpose of theLeague. The matter was discussedby the members oi- the Council andthe motion carried by a "unanimousvote after it was made plain that thepurpose of the League was to takecare -of all the cases of tuberculosisand other diseases, and the organization was to act in the capacity of theassociated charities.At the meeting of the Fiscal Courtan appropriation of $450 per year wasmade to the League and this togetherwith private subscription and themembership fees will bring the sumnow in the hands of the League tomore than $1,000.Tbe weekly meeting of the Leaguew-as held yesterady afternoon at thepublic library with a large numberof the members present and it wasdecided to hold the next meeting inthree weeks.The committee appointed to investigate and make a report regarding the-sccering of a trained worker to actunder the instruction of the Leagueadvised that it was in communicationwith several competent nurses butwas not ready to report and this willbe made at the next regular meeting.Much enthusiasm was displayed bythe members at the meeting yesterday afternoon and indication point toa very successful work in he undertaking to better the healthful condition of the city."Webb State-Wide MeasureGoes Over By Vote of 61to 32FRANKFORT, KY.t March 12. TheWebb State wide prohibition bill-passed the Lower House at noon todav bv a vote of 1 to 32.Following the announcement of thevote "by which the Webb State-widetemperance bill passed the House,precisely at noon, tho House gallery,filled with prohibitionists, went madwith joy, and men tossed their hatsto the ceiling, while women clappedtheir hands with glee.While joy on the part of the "drys"was at its height, the discovery wasmade that the original bill, defectivein many particulars, had been passedinstead of the substitute. The vote bywhich, the original bill was passed, before the error was discovered, was reconsidered and placed upon the table,clinching the House action on themeasure.The session of Circuit Court whichadjourned Wednesday will not be actively resumed until Monday, to whichdate the juries have been dismissed.The grand jury is still in session airdinvestigating the matters that havebeen brought to their attention.Judge Stout yesterday morningheard motions on several cases andwill convene court this morning, hearing motions and cases that have beenassigned.No Commonwealth cases are on thedocket for this week.A decision of Judge Stout as Special Judge of the- McCreary CircuitCourt, Tuesday afternoon, finally disposed of the contested election casebetween Whitley City and Pine Knot,for the county seat of the new countyof McCreary. After hearing the arguments by the attorneys representingeach of the towns Judge Stout decided there was no law providing forthe contest of an election for thecounty sat of a county.At an election held recently in McCreary to decide which of the twotowns should be the county seat,Whitley City won by a majority of189 , votes, and Pine Knot contestedthe election on the grounds thatmoney and undu influence was usedin procuring votes.As the election won by WhitleyCity was decisive, and unless the decision of Judge Stout is reversed bythe Court of Appeals, that town willremain the county seat of McCreary.Judsre James Denton and W. N.Flippin Representative from PulaskiCounty in the present Legislature,both of Somerset, and John W. Sampson, of Whitley City, representedWhitley City in the contest, while theinterests of Pine Knot were represented by attorneys H. C. Gillis, ofWiliiamsburg, and L. G. Campbell, ofPine Knot.The following compose the petitjuries:Jury No. 1 D. S. Henry, R. P. Hopkins, Owen Kennedy, Ami Dorsey, Joseph Redmon, E. T. Rule, H. L. Clark,Wm. Farris, C. R. Wall, Walter Clark,H. B. Henrv and Lindsey Stewart.Jury No. 2 Joseph H. Ewalt, LloydAshurst, S-. S. Ardery, J. S. Wiggins,Peale Collier, J. S. Douglas, A. D.Luck, R. E. Bedford, Joseph Luck, Alvin Hicks, G. L. Wright and JamesT. Kiser.The case of the Commonwealthagainst Forrest Lawrence was reassigned until the tenth day; BerkleyJacoby, charged with murder, continued; Herman Menifee, false swearing, acquitted; John Brand, carryingconcealed weapons, fined $25 andgiven ten days in jail; Max Munich,suffering a nuisance, fined $50; Jas.Merlin, carrying concealed weapons,S35 fine and ten days in jail; S. P.Woods, carrying concealed weapons,25 fine and ten days in jail; SidneyBow, John Barton and Charley Ross,$20 each for disturbing religious worship. NMemory of Kentucky Gover- 5nor is Jrerpetuated in a mBronze StatueCEREMONIES AREWELL ATTENDEDProminent Speakers Presentat Exercises in FrankfortWednesdayLITTLE BUSINESS BEFORE CITYCOUNCIL AT REGUAL MEETING.25 Per Cent Law Passed.FRANKFORT, Ky., March 12.a vote of 72 to 22 the House Tuesdaypassed the Frost county unit bill,which gives the right to call an election on the liquor question in anyBounty n the State when 25 per cent,of th'e voters of the county sign thepetition. The measure has aireaaypassed the Senatc-At Monday afternoon's session aneffort had beep made to bring the billout without the consent of the RulesCommittee, but flits' was beaten andthe measure was chalked up by thecommittee Tuesday, morning.As soon as the measure was calledup the fun started and the "wet" and"dry" forces lined up for the battle.LADIES OF BAPTIST CHURCHTO HAVE SALE SATURDAY.Theladies of the Baptist Church willhave a gale of edibles Saturday at thestore of Mrs. M. A. Paton. Everything good to eat will be offered.1 There was little business of imporjtance before the City Council at theregular meuLmg, x.. -" "Council made an appropriation of $25per month to the Heaitn ana weiiaxeLeague, the vote being unanimous.C K. Thomas filed his bond asTreasurer and City Collector, whichwas accepted by the board. The report of Police Judge E. B. January,which was filed, way as follows:Fanes Assessed $232.50Replevined -00Collected J-JSuspended . . . . '-jPardonedYXTVlrorl Ollf. Jl.&UEscaped . 37v0The following Duiiaing permubwere granted:C. F. Salmods, one-story frame residence on Kentucky Avenue, $600.Mrs. Nannie Chisholm, one-storyresidence, Fithian Avenue, $1,000.W. P. Shelton, one-story frame residence, Brent Avenue, $1,000.G. M. Mansfield, one-story frameresidence, Brent Avenue, $1,400.Stanford Roberts, one-story frameresidence on Cypress Street, $3,000.A petition from the residents inWhite Addition was presented to theCouncil asking that the water mainsbe extended to that part of the town.Tin Tuition was referred to the firecommittee to ascertain the cost andto report at the next meeting.FRANKFORT, Ky., March 1?.Tributes to the late William Goebel,of Covingtoin, Ky., slain Governor,were delivered by Governor.Jas. B. McCreary, Congressman A. O.Stanley and former Governor J. C. W.Beckham. The occasion'; was the unveiling of the statue of Governor Goebel, WednesdayThe work of art is a bronzestatue made from the death mask taken by Sculptor Barnhorn, of Cincinnati. It cost $20,000, appropriated bythe Legislature of 1902.Miss Margaret McChord, of Washington, D. C, and Louisville, daughter of former State Senator Charles C.McChord, now member of the Interstate Commerce Commission, unveiled the statue, pronounced to be analmost perfect likeness. Standing bythe young woman when she liftedthe white veil from this tribute ofKentucky to her distinguished sonwere Justus Goebel, brother of thelate Governor, family of Justus Goebel, and members of every departmentof the State.Governor McCreary, former Governor Beckham, who was LieutenantGovernor under Mr. Goebel and succeeded him; Chief-Justice Hobson, ofthe Court of Appeals, and the Judgesof this Court; the members of theLegislature and hundreds of citizensof the State, in whose memory thename and deeds of Mr. Goebel willlast as long as they live, were present. Mr. McChord, who could not bepresent, in a telegram to Justus Goehoi snid that onlv the most urgentbusiness of national welfare kept himaway.From Alabama, G. V. Greene wiredMr. Gcebel as follows:"The unveiling of the statue of yourlamented brother, my friend, statesman and patriot, brings inexpressiblesadness to my heart. His image, hisdeeds of valor and sacrifice to principle are indelibly impressed upon mymemory and will be fondly cherisheduntil I follow him to the Great Beyond." While all that words can say andoratory express from human lips andsaid of Mr. Goebel yet thethought that mind can invent weregreatest tribute to his memory wasthe passage of the Finn railroad billby the Legislature almost after theceremonies. This bill contains a maority of the provisions advocated byATr fJnRbfil when he fathered the McChord railroad commission bill, whichbecame a law shortly after his assassination. The passage of the bill, legislators say, demonstrates that thespirit of Mr. Goebel lives, and thatmonuments erected to him are an inspiration to the living as well as atribute to his memory.The ceremonies at the statue werevery brief. The procession wasformed in the Capitol, and officers ofthe State and members of the Legislature marched in twos to the statue.A band preceded the procession, playin p- a. funeral march. Senator G. G.Speer, of this city, was Grand Marshal c the procession. The DivisionMarshals were chosen from the mem- jbers of the Program Committee, whoare members of the Legislature. !Sonntnr Walker Hall, of Covington,Chairman of the committee, was theMaster of Ceremonies. Rev. T. B.Taliaferro, former Chaplain ' of theKentucky Reformatory, made theopening prayer when the members assembled in the House chamber tohear the addresses. The chamberwas packed and jammed.Governor McCreary, former Governor. Popviinm and Lieutenant-Governorj McDermott followed Senator Hall tothe Speaker's rostrum, rne iaimuI of Justus Goebel, accompanied byI -.,rsii j a ni inrVi T.Hln.rd.JYLISS mCJJliuru auu vui. v" . 'Secretary of the Program Committee,ma nnt enter the chamber until immediately before the speaking began.Governor McCreary spoke first.Congressman Stanley did not come into the chamber until Governor McCreary had concluded his address.Much of the speech of Governor McCreary was devoted to Governor Goebel's legislative works. He reviewedhis efforts to free the oppressed fromthe burdens of special privilege. TheGoebel bill, abolishing tolls on theturnpikes in Kenton county; hismeasure reducing the toll on tnebridg spaning the Ohio river fromCovington to Cincinnati; the Covington Free Library bill andtmany othersiwere considered Dy uoveruui -iff I ' h '11 tf-i wft . vaf 'jif ry lhiSpring StylesIn TheDunlap and Stetson-JL-JLCT' Cv3Now Ready for Your InspectionJSoft Hats in all the new shapes and colors;Stiff Hats in the right shapes to' become the man.Manhattan and Wilson Bros'. lSpring ShirtsHere in an endless variety of patterns and'colors Come in and make your selections while the lines arecomplete.r-t1MitcheSf & Blakemore,The Store for Men's StylesParis, Kentuckyxmmmmmmmmm mmm mmmmmmmwwmwig LB3LJIllIHILIHNI21liriinLlltII31!IIIlIINlI lIUHIIMnill'fHnillSUMIiriliniiflif H;fllI!iUiMIIIllUIIllIIH!HII!HI!lHIII! mJ CpSFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns..5M,. . ., . Invite Yotir IrispectioiiofNew Spring SuitsLadies', Misses' and Girls'.New Spring Coats' k; Ladies', Misses' and Childrens'.New Spring Silk DressesTaffeta, Charmeuse and Crepe.New Spring Wool Dresses; Crepes, Serges and Ratines.Silks, Wash Goods and Woolen Fabricsof every description, with suitoble trimmings.Separate Skirts,Rain Coats,Crepe and Net Waists,w.hWash Waists.w -4--l&Creary.i4ii)nnnininiirrnmHSffl bmfflmmmmmmimmmKMxV,:is- -K -, JtVTHE' BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARfejHH 3, 1914fcT. maam S T ET the greatest athlete have dyspepsia and hisJSmO MmMSLSm. IS , strength will soon fail. One's stamina f orce-- fullness and strength of mind or musclehTi,K!Sa'fP,B depend upon the blood, and the blood in , turn,kJ.L vlig) requires a healthy stomach, for the stomach is themTlflip&JLilJfHaacM71,33&S!CXkt 31edical Adviser byjJ-Fierce, M. D.. DnfjfdZn, V. Y. ayisii'crs kosiattf delicate questionsgjfoenii which every mane&rwoman, single cr marxrvsd ought to know. Sent2jg on receipt of SI oneomt stamps to pay forps&upping and mailing.erxr;vTxi :A MODERN HOME"Jo Be Complete Should be Equipped With All ModernConveniences. Foremost Among These is thexv Central EnergyHome Telephone&Use it for Business or Pleasure It's Always Ready.Five Minutes Initial Period onLONG DISTANCE MESSAGES2$e Paris Route Celepbone and Cekgrapb go.(Incorporated)-.- :2fc- f'g"''V' ''wW....SXKAh af Zkw itfafeifrEF'4--' Bm fM fji CK1 JTip dTi aaii M WTmmimtii-KP.7 '&9Z'&&&&&&?&&&,P'Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.jjjf Telephone No. 4.Bourbon3 Ms?FvMiyAParas Kentucky.--GEO. W.1 FUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAX 137; NIGHT 299.EEWFURSAND HIDESHIGHEST MARKET PRICE PAIDFOR RAW FURS AND HIDESWool on Commission. Write for pricelist mentioning.JOHN WHITE & CO, SSSXfiZ.Are You a Woman ?Ths Woman's TonioFM SALE AT ALL DIMSTSF4G. A.To Sell TJsid Automobiles, Try Our New"Methol cf Sale or ExchangevWrite to-day for Catelogue of"3T1'"GeneraI Automobile Repairs Cp.,3133 Reading Rd.y Avondale, Cincinnati, Oho.If a woman has personal charm theconsider her beautiful.n S I ft B4B A BBClaboratory woere tne looci 10 aigestea ana tsucn einient3 ere taken up or assimilated which makeBlood. In consequence all the organs of the body,cuch as heart, luns, liver and kidneys, as well astlio r.orvous system, feel the bad effect if the stomach 13 ueranjred.Hr. Piece's Men- i;'"M"yfgii7'',v RVACunasilleflleal IMseoveryranoxuisuiiuhe'p". the rtonach to digest fiod properly, starts tholiver into new activity, removing the poison3 from thoblood, r.nd tho vario3 organs net rich, red blood, inetc?: f b'nmr lily nourished. Tho refreshing influenceof this cxt-nct of native merlicinal plants has beenfavorably knovn for over 40 yoara. Everywheresomes neighbor can tell you of the pood it has doneSoltf y r:li ti.K-S&ie Ieai2ers In 5JQc3d or tablet form:r writ. o one-cent rttatnes Xr- J?5erce, InvalidsIotM ZZuEz-o, auia trial box vtSl bo znsilcd yon.ifWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirt- jjftwaists or anything in the jjimade ihe Bourbon Laundrt lramous ro- nne wonr. ana iddever goes buck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateewififLaundry,toDAVISthis ad.PAVLOWA, CELEBRATED RUSSIAN DANCER,Ben AM, Lexington.. Seats now selling. Saturday Matinee and Night...Prices S3.00 to $1.00.A good many men talk about theirhonor, Wt comparatively few are will-ing to go so far as to-defend it. 'Exj&zjsz 3ft2iThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication.5WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postofllce as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise-mnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is .reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.DR. BIGGS SAYS TUBERCULOSIS IS INEFECTIOUS.Replying to an attack on the movement for local tuberculosis hospitalsmade by the Christian Science ChurchDr. Herman M. Biggs, State Commissioner of Health of- New York, says ina statement published recentlythrough the Journal of the OutdoorLife, the official organ of The NationalAssociation for the Study and Prevention of Tuberculosis, that tuberculosisis an infectious disease and that everyprecaution known should be taken, especially for the protection of youngchildren. He particularly urges localhospitals.The occasion of Dr. Biggs' statement is the recent wide disseminationof an article purporting to show thattuberculosis is not infectious. Byquoting only a part of a medical paper written by Dr. E. R. Baldwin, ofSaranac Lake, the Christian Scientists have given the impression thattuberculosis is not infectious, when, asa matter of fact, Dr. Baldwin laidstress on the extreme danger of thedisease to children."Tuberculosis is an infectious andcommunicable disease," says Dr.Biggs. "No age is exempt, and noone is immune against tuberculosis infection, but differences in susceptibility exists at different ages. Thefrequency of infection increases rapidly from the first year untl at the ageof fifteen perhaps 75 per cent, of thepoulation show a positive refactionto tuberculin, although only a smallportion have signs of the diesasewhich can be detected by othermenas."The conviction has been graduallystrengthened that the first infectionfrom tubercuolsis often occur duringinfancy and childhood. It seemsprobable that may of those who -developthe disease in adult life havecarried the latent infection sincechildhood, and have no recent andnew infection when the symptoms ofthe disease appear."It has also been found by experiment that it is difficult to re-infectan animal that has already been previously incoulated with tuberculosis.Hence, it is inferred that some degreeof immunity may be thus producedthat may serve to ward off bacilliwhich might find lodgment in an individual not previously infected. Therefore, it will be understood how themild infections, which are healed andpresent in most pershons who havereached adult age may, and presumably do, offer some protection againstfurther limited invasions of the tubercle bacilli. While persons are ingood health the protection thus offered is an advantage having some resemblance to vaccination, but onlyvery limited in nature and not complete. Prolonged or intimate exposure, however, or exposure to a virtulent type of tuberculosis ,may resultin a new infection, even of those whohave overcome a previous mild infection. It is, moreover, by no meanscertain that in debilitated conditionsdue t other diseases, to disspaton 'orto bad environment, new infectionsmay not occur. We know positivelythat the first childhood infection mayunder such circumstances break outanew and thus become a doubtful advantage, a real sword with two edges."Considering the natural and acquired resistance to infection byadults, much unreasonable fear or'phthisiophobia" has prevailed in lateyears. Because there is no precau-Uion too great for the young and delicate, this does not justify healthyadults in' exaggerated fears .for theirown safety. In view of the presentwide distribution of the disease, andlack of adequate means for segregation, some exposure to infection ispractically unavoidable. Efforts shouldberedoubled instead of relaxed for thebetter isolation, humane care and intelligent treatment of consumptives."KENTUCKY TUBERCULOSIS COMMISSION. FEBRUARY AND MARCH SALEOne of our specials duringour- bigsale is a child's beautiful white cribbed at $3.75.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER &CO.Those who have been married longenough to qualify as witnesses for theprosecution agree that Sunday is matrimony's hardest day.FIRST CLASS SERVICE ATi FREEMAN'S BARBER SHOP.Having engaged the service of LouisLivers, an experienced barber, I amnow prepared to handle mv trade andgive the most thorough satisfaction,Give me a call and be convinced,BUCK FREEMAN.IF CONSTIPATED ORBILIOUS "CASCARETS"For Sick Headache, Sour Stomach,Slugg'sh Liver and BowelsGet a 10-cent box.Take a Cascryet tonight to cleanseyour liver, stomach and bowels, andyou will surely feel great by morning.You men and women who have headache, coated tongue, can't sleep, arebilious, nervous, upset, bothered witha sick, gassy, disordered stomach, orhave backache and feel all worn out.Are you keeping your bowels cleanwith Cascarets or merely forcing apasageway every few days with salts,cathartic pills or castor oil?Cascarets immediately cleanse andregulate the stomach, remove thesour, undigested and fermenting foodand foul gasas; take the excess bilefrom the liver and carry off the constipated waste matter and poisonfrom the intestines and bowels.Remember a Cascaret tnight willstraighten you out by morning. A10-cent box from your druggist meanshealthy bowel action; a clear headand cheerfulness for months. Don'tforget the children. (adv)ARE YOU MISSING IT?You are missing a lot in life worthliving for if you do not eat ButterWheat.The curved fulcrum which featuresa Missouri inventor's stump pullerenables the removal by hand of allstumps not large enough to requireblasting or burning.The storage battery has been successfully applied to mining locomotives, which heretofore have had torely- upon overhead wires or thirdrails for current.One of the German transatlanticliners carries diving suits equippedwith speaking tubes for the use of themembers of ts crew in fighting firesbelow decks.A new device to collect sounds andconvey them to the ears of a partiallydeaf person by almost invisible wiresis so compact that it can be worn under & man's necktie.USE "TIZ" FOR SORE,TIRED, SWEATY FEET."TIZ" makes sore, burning, tiredfeet fairly dance wtch delight. Awaygo the aches and pains, the corns,callouses, blisters and bunions."TIZ" drawsout the acidsand poisons thatpuff up your feet.No matter howhard you work,how long youdance, how faryou walk, or howlong you remainon your feet,"TIZ"brings restful foot comfort."TIZ" is wonderful for tired, aching,swollen, smarting feet. Your feet justtinge for joy; shoes never hurt orseem tight.Get a 25 cent box of "TIZ" nowfrom any druggist or departmentstore .End foot torture forever wearsmaller shoes, keep your feet fresh,sweet and happy. Just think! awhole year's foot comfort for only 25cents.(No. 2-fri)When the Mexican pot boils overthe stench will offend the world.L."Joseph and His Brethren" at theLexington Opera HouseThe third of the Century Theatredramatic spectacles, "Joseph and HisBrethren," will come to the LexingtonOpera House April 13, 14 and 15. Insome respects it is built on a largerscale than either of its predecessors,for it has twelve scenes where "TheGarden of Allah" had only eight.There 'are more than sixty speakingparts. Its success has been phenomenal. "Joseph and His Brethren" is a vitalized version of the story in theBook of Genesis, written for the stageby Louis N. jParker. Mr. Parker isknown chiefly in America for his"Disraeli" and "Pomander Walk'but in England he is known as the author of other successes, including"Drake," the hit of the lasjt Londonseason. "Drake" was given a spectacular production at His Majesty'sTheatre by Sir Herbert BeerbohmTree, who has also produced "Joseph"there this season.To present "Joseph and His Brethren" the Liebler Company has selected a cast of unusual ability. Brandon Tynan, who has been a star in hi:own plays and leading man for Nazimova, will play the role of Joseph.James O'Neill, if "Monte Christo"fame, will have the part of Jacob, thepatriarch, and in the third act willplay Pharaoh. Pauline Fredericks,pronounced by artist Harrison Fisherthe most beautiful woman in America,and numerous other players of reputaton will be seen in the cast, .while theheads of the technical departmentsof the Liebler Company who workedout the so-called "effects" in the playwill accompany the big production tothe Lexington Opera House.The company when traveling hasalmost the proportions of a circus,with its special train of fourteen carsfor the people, scenery and live stock.Among the latter are herds of camels.jOxen, asses, horses and sheep.The four acts of "Joseph and HisBrethren" will be known as "TheCoat of Many Colors' "The Temptation," "The Dreams" and "The Deliverer." The scenes will be respectively: "TJie Tents of Shechem," "TheWells of Dothan," "Jacob's Tent,""The Entrance to Jacob's House,""The Pyramids' aad "In Josepk'sHouse." (10-2t)HA1?i yvy2r-ifj ujgcBuve urgans, Dut ii every man or woman pastfifty would fully realize the honntifnl. ffnerfninin 7imn-?afcj::, , ..-., W,-ment in Scott s Emulsion they would take'it after every meal.Scot? s Emulsion contains the renowned body-building fats ofpure cod liver oil, so medicsdly predigested that it distributes energy,power and strength all thru the body and simplifies the stomach's work.To people in declining years we say with unmistakable earnestnessScott's Emulsion will add years to your life and life to your years.AVOID ALCOHOLIC SUBSTITUTEST - - P - nt - r.yi9CiSS9BS5 - 9cjSNew Year'siThoughtful consumers of FUEL will re-solve to obtain the highestefficiency for their $money during the year to come. This meansthat they will useJox $?cie?e Coaly"THE FUELWITHOUT A FAULT'Dodson DentonThe Home f Good CoalYards, South Main St.$BUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop., Three Expert Artists; NoWaits.Hot and CoIdBaths.Main vt. - Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.Sew BarbershopWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORD$INSURANCEAGAINSTf IRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGt W. U. HliHUN.. y4AGENT.For Old. Strong-. Reliable.Prompt-Paying Companies, see Tme.One i: application soothes and heals a roue!pimplyslan.and.whcnrepcated.quicklycflfectsa cure. Eczema. Erysipelas, Tetter. Ulcers andall skin diseases yield to its curative properties.cue a box. At all uruggists.Send for i re Miniplo and honk. Health and Beauty.".JOHNSTON, HO U-OWAY & CO..3730 GprJns Garden St., Phila., !swaI-UeytheBEIOn thefrontof every carton and on thaJ-fcel ot every bottlo of tha GENUINEDR. BELL'S WINE-TAR-H0NEIyou will find tho BELL la a drcle.KS?SMetcalf,Uo1t?, P20 WesternJ&SrnKk3' y7Strtta' riRhtand staylnSH.EettI? rt&K' So. with thVieprecauttoas, youknowwhatto buy, and can"Tell By The Bell"-- Oo., SI. 00, AT DRUG STORES,yJi!jJyy wjtssFor Sale .by Al! Druggists.Qs:Qmie'SagS3fg&KmmjAged People. I.MI fitsometimes forget that poor teeth andimproper mastication prevent sufficient nourishment from ordinary food and burden theL . i.13-83- i:i - r.ii - i - - - i- - X$$ResolutionsBoth Phones 140OUR BEST OFFER!The Biggest Combination Bargain ofStandard Publications EverOfferedHERB IS THE OFFER:The Bourbon News.l year, $2.00.The Weekly Enquirer, 1 year, $1.00Farm and Fireside, semi-monthly, 1year, .50 cents.Household Journal and Floral Life,monthly, 1 year, .50 cents.Poultry Husbandry, monthly, 1year, .50 cents.To-Day's Magazine, monthly, 1year, .50 cents.Our Special Bargain Price forall Six, Each One Year, $2.75.We consider this the biggest andbest bargain we have ever been ableto offer our readers. Our own publication heads the list. The other fivehave millions of readers and are toowell-known to need a further introduction. Please remember that our contractwith, the publishers is limited andthis offer may be withdrawn at anytime. Take abvantage now while theopportunity is yours and you will notregret the investment. If you arealready a subscriber to . any of theabove your subscription will be extended one year from the time it expires.. Call or mail orders toTHE BOURBON NEWS,Paris, Ky.Onlcklv relieve "Rhenmatlsin. Sore 31ns-f bicai iicuiniid iai.baiuc muu.w ..liin Van.nlmn Dn.t'.nliA IfuorlanflO T? llieve any ache in any part o the bock. :mi nRinn inurmniipy racsiiuiuuo iufifteen minutes time. . .Free uaplo aad clrcar sent on request.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY,342 East Main St., Lexington, Ky.,Mrs. J. H. Fuhrman'sMassage andCucumber CreamOn Sale atYarden's Dms: StoreCANCER CUREDTI guarantee every case I un- Jdertafce; 20 years practice; ref-a. erence, any citizen of Paris.DR.WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.Of BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops in thedrinking "water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 eallons ofmedicine At all druggistsSample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Borcn Reared? Co. Taring., Ij.For Sale by W. T. Brooks1iPliyfk., ?,.z- ra '. , . -- -rf 4 ijT--''" i"H '.f -.- -v"i"JT--7 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, MARCH 13." 19141 'j"-rt,s(tiii!!iZti;;uii;.,.;.8?:i.fVrv?e'""!mmFamMMMtl.S&sgTrr Z5 .."...',;;L&S2::'::::'":::i':t;:'fi:z2r ..? -rjy'ECONOMY-11'5iooitinj ior in these daysof high living cost Calumet insures a v.-nnrW-fjiljful saving in your baking. Brt it does more.It insures wholesome food,tasty food uniformly raised food.Calumet is made right to sell right to bake right. Askone of the millions of women who use it or ask your grocer.!RECEIVED HIGHESTWorld's Pure Food Exposition, Chic-.Ro. III.raraciposiuon, rrance,H15STo bcx t save monty w&ea toh fcny dseao er tit-cant'i more eeeBoaucal-iaore vrkoloae pres bert0ee5698Clearance Sale 1Now Going OnBig CutWinteraaaaemaaaaaaaaaSeventh and MainTwillJfiv OUR SIlilrrxi f ana iJ If 'I if ' rmrnmc-The man who made the above drawing made it fromhis own experience. He learned early that BANKING hismoney was the proper thing to do. YOU can do the sameand before you know it, it will become a habit and a joy.You will take more pleasure ADDING to that bank accountthan you will in spending those dribs and drabs of moneythat keep so many poor ALL OF THEIR LIVES.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapital, $100,000.00.J. M. HALL. PresidentH. M. HamiltonVeterinarianOffice, Butler's Drug Store Phones251.Residence, 'E. T. 546; Home, 449.?Paris, Ky '(10feb-lmo)Tank Beverley analyzes bravery asfie feeling that, if there is a fight,Tiere are enough bystanders presentto hold both combatants.COstssBetterCALUMETPOWDERone thing- you areAWARDSmarcii, 1312.hAn'r'navAirr ni'f t .:.r..l n p.?resells. Caizaet u far snperior to sow milk and toda.?9O99ftaaaa8aa9aaaaaaaaoaaaaaaonGoodsSts., Paris, Ky.frOO4-3"frfrrHE BANKBIGGEREVERYWEEKIT WILLCOME INHANDYSOMEDAYThis is theway the fortuneSTARTEDSurplus, $40,000.00.C K. THOMAS. CashierWhen yott feel SS3TSvous, tired, worried or despondent it issure sign you need MOTTS NERVERIKPILLS. They renew the normal vigor armake life worth living. Be sure and askMotf s Nerverine Pills gSilWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Propir, Cleveland. OhkL. Oberdorfer, Druggist. Paris. Ky...Those who really search for thetruth usually find that it lies midwaybetween two extremes of opinion.flft'MEfSBIt Is the man who never had occasion to, use it who knows a sure curefor baldness.VHOW FARMERSSTHEIR INGOMESGovernment1 Department ofAgriculture Makes Re-ply to InquiriesEXPENSES TAKENFROM INCOMEInteresting Pointers Given inRegard to the NewLaw.WASHINGTON, D. C, March 11.If a farmer is so fortunate as to havea net income of over $3,000 a year incase he is a bachelor, or $4,000 ifmarried, he is subject to the incometax, and under the law each individual must make a return to the Internal Revenue Collector of his districton or before the first day of March ifhe has a net income of $3,000 or over($2,500 for the ten months of 1913).While the interest of most farmers inthis subject is purely academic, theDepartment of Agriculture has received inquiries indicating that some wishto know just what is required of themunder the new law.The income tax law of October 3.1913, places a tax of 1 qer cent, uponall net incomes of over $3,000, withan additional tax on incomes of $20,000 or more. The first question arising in the minds of most people iswhat constitutes a net income. Fora man receiving a regular salary, ora business man with a good systemof bookkeeping, it is easy to determine whether or not his income istaxable. But for the farmer who receives no stated income, and who often fails to keep accurate account ofreceipts and expenditures, it is moredifficult to calculate his net income.In order that farmers may be postedon the income tax as it may concernthem, the following information hasbeen furnished by the Internal Revenue Bureau of the Treasury Department: In general, an income consists ofamounts derived from salaries, wages, or compensation for personal service, paid in any form; also from professions, business, sales or dealings inproperty, of from rents, interest onbonds or mortgages, dividends onstocks, or other income from investments. These items constitute grossincome, from which there should bededucted the expenses of carrying onthe business; interest paid on indebtedness; worthless debts charged off;losses by fire, storm or shipwreck, notcovered by insurance; , exhaustion,wear and tear of property, and any income upon which the income tax hasalready been deducted at the source,as, for instance, dividends on stockof a corporation which has alreadypaid the tax on its earnings.The provisions regarding net incomes of $3,000 apply only to unmarried persons, or to married personsnot living with wife or husband. Ahusband and wife living together areentitled to an exemption of $4,000 ontheir aggregate income. This meansthat in case the wife has a separateincome, if this added to the husband'sincome amounts to $4,000 the total issubject to the tax; or, if the wife hasno separate income, the husband's income is taxable only in case it reaches$4,000. But a return must be made ifthe aggregate income of both Is $2,500for the year 1913. The joint exemption, however, would be $3,333:33.In arriving at his net income thefarmer should start with his gross income. This would consist of anyitems of the kind above mentioned,and specially all receipts from thesale of products of every descriptionfrom the farm. This would includeall money received for produce andanimals sold, and for the wool andhides of animals slaughtered, if thewool and hides are sold; but he maydeduct from these items the amountsactuallv paid as purchase money forthe animals sold or slaughtered during the year. When the animalsraised by the owner are sold orslaughtered, however, their valueshould not be deducted.From the gross income thereshould be deducted amounts of money actually paid as expenses for operating the farm and producing thefarm products, live stock, etc. Thiswould include hired farm help, farmsupplies purchased that are necessaryto carry on the business and not aninvestment that represents principal,etc. Expenses for repairs on farmproperty may be deducted, providedthe amount deducted does not exceedthe amount spent for such repairsduring the year for which the returnis made. The cost of replacing toolsor machinery may also be deductedto the extent that the cost of the newarticles does not exceed the value ofthe old. No deduction may be madefor the cost of additional farm machinery, but credit may be allowedfor the annual depreciation in the value of such machinery. For example,if a machine cost $100 and is regarded as good for ten years of service,the annual depreciation would be 10per cent, and a deduction of $10 eachyear could be made on this account,as part of the expense of operatingthe farm.The expense of supporting the family, however, can not be deductedfrom the gross income. Among theitems for which credit is not allowedare expense for medical attendance,life insurance, insurance on dwellings,store accounts, family supplies, wagesof domestic servants, and cost ofMOULD COMPILEboard, 'room or house rent for familyor personal use. In case an individual owns his residence he cannot deduct the estimated value of his rent.But a tenant operating a rented farmas proprietor, may deduct the rentof the farm as a part of the expenseof his business.Farmers are not required to includein their income the product from.thfefarm and consumed by the family.Only produce sold off the farm is tobe included. A farmer is not entitledto a deduction for his own labor, orfor expense of feeding live stok. Hemay, .however, deduct such items ascost of fertilizer and other suppliesand materials which are used up inthe course of his operations.Thelaw provides that for the year1913 the tax shall be computed onlyon the net income for the ten monthsfrom March 1 to December 31, andthat returns shall be made on the basis of five-sixths of the yers. Therefore, if the net income for the lastten months of 1913 amounts to $2,500 or more a return on form 1014 isrequired. For the ten months of1913 every single person is allowed$2,500 exemption and in the case ofhusband and wife, living together $3,333.33 exemption. In computing thenet income, for this period deductionsshoul dbe made for only fives-sixthsof tihe amounts properly allowablefor the whole year. Returns for 1913must bemade by March 1, 1914.Blanks for making returns for theincome tax may be obtained from tlmcollectors of internal revenue'throughout the country, or from theBureau of Internal Revenue of theTreasury Department at Washington,D. C, In case of failure on the partof any one who is subject to the taxto file the return by the first of Marchthe law fixes a penalty of 50 per cent,of the pmount of the tax assessed and$10 to $1,000 fine. In case of false orfraudulent return there is a penaltyof 1000 per cent, and $20 to $2,00 fineand one year's imprisonment or both.The Bureau of Internal Revenue ispreparing regulations which may beobtained by interested persons onapplication to collector of ' InternalRevenue for the applicant's district.SPRING OPENING.Our annual Spring opening will beheld this year on Thursday, March 19and, as usual, we will have on displaythe very latest creations in millineryA full line of the famous Fisk hats,also a beautiful selection from theHighland Bros.' stock. These twohouses are Chicagos biggest millineryconcerns, and need no introduction tothose who know. These goods speakfor themselves. You are invited toinspect these lines on the 19th.(10-3t )MRS. CORNB W. BAIRD.A REAL NERVE ANDBODY BUILDING MEDICINEWe believe Rexall Olive Oil Emulsion is the best remedy made for toning the nerves, enriching the blood,building up wasted tissues, renewingheaolth, strength and energy thebest medcine you can use if you arerun down, tired out, nervous and debilitated, no matter what the cause.It doesn't depend for its good effectupon alcohol or habit-forming drugs,because it contains none. It may notmake you feel better in a few hours,but it will make you feel better, weare sure, just as soon as the tonic andfood properties it contains have achance to get into the blood and,through the blood, into the rest of thesysem. Pure Olive Oil and he Hypophosphites have long been endorsedby successful physicians, but here, forthe first time, they are combined intoone preparation which, as a nervefood and a builder of strength andhealth, we believe, has no equal.If you don't feel well, begin takingRexall Olive Oil Emulsion today, andbuild your health and strengthen yoursystem against more serious illness.To convalescents, old people, punychildren and all others who are weak,run-down or ailing, we offer RexallOlive Oil Emulsion with our personalpromise that, if it doesn't make youstrong and well agan, it will cost younothing. If we didn't have the utmost faith in it, we wouldn't offer itwith this guarantee, nor even recommend it to you. We are sure thatwhen once you have used it you willrecommend it to your friends, andthank us for having recommended itto you. Sold only at the more than7,000 Rexall Stores, and in this citvonly by us. $1.00. G. S. Varden &Son. (adv)HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney, for tne past fifeteenyears, and believe him perfectly honorable in all business transactions,and financially able to carry out anyobligations made by his firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75cents per bottle. Sold by all druggists. Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation, (adv)BLOODPOISONactually millionsIS and millions ofgerms that crowfrom one or two thatgot under the skinand Into the blood.DR. BELL'SAntiseptic Salveapplied right away would have killed those fewcerms and kept these millions from being born.To have a 25c. box of this salve ready for emergencies, ask for Dr. Bell's Antiseptic Solve."Tell It By The Bell"For Sslc by All Druggistc.VISUAL LESSONSConvincing and Unique Demonstrations Will Be Fea-ture of MeetingTWO ACRES OF FLOOR SPACEMany Activities of Rural Co-operativeWork Will Be Shown In Actual Operation Parcel Postoffice Will BePart of Exhibit at Louisville.A talk or a lecture may be thoroughly convincing and delightful, buta demonstration must carry absoluteconviction. The demonstrations thatwill be used in Louisville in the hugeArmory, April 7, 8, 9, 10, are sure toattract the attention of the farmers,their friends and neighbors who cometo the Conference. A short list ofsome of these various demonstrationswill probably give some idea of thewide scope of this meeting. Men whounderstand the business will developreal organizations for the handling(1) Poultry and Eggs; (2) Vegetablesand Small Fruits; (3) Farm Products;(4) Dairy Products; (5) Live Stock;(6) Purchase of Farm Requirements,and (7) Co-operative Credit. In theseorganizations that will be developed,an effort will be made to show exactlyhow the testing, grading, standardizing and packing of all the various products is done. Directors for shipping,selling, the making of returns and thefinding of markets will be made features of these demonstrations.Besides these co-operative organizations that have just been mentionedthe United States Postoffice Department has arranged for space in whichto equip a complete parcel post department. Instead of its being merely adummy affair with an exhibit, parcelswill be handled and sent out as theyare in any great postoffice. Several ofthe lare retail stores of Louisville willsend their parcel post packages directto this office instead of the main postoffice, so that there will be continuouswork in handling the mail during thewhole time the Armory is open for exhibition purposes. In addition to thehandling of packages from the city tothe country, experts will be presentto show anyone how to pack eggs, butter and country produce of every type.Very few people know very muchabout the parcel post as yet, and thisinnovation should prove a tremendousadvantage to those visting the Conference. THE BANKER-FARMERB. F. Harris, of Illinois.It seems rather odd to find on ourdesk a new magazine with the aboveheading. It has always seemed to usas if the bankers and the farmers did'not know each other as well as theyshould. In running over this splendidmagazine, which is a monthly reviewof the State Bankers' Associations olthirty-seven states, their agriculturalcommittees and the individual bankerin agricultural matters, it seems to bemost timely. It claims among itsitems of interest "public welfare, inconnection with an effort to obtainand hold successful and permanentagriculture through better farming, Imarketing, education, roads, rural life!and credits.All the wide-awake folks who meetat the Conference for Farmers andBusiness, Men in Louisville to discuss jrural matters during the four days,April 7, 8, 9,. 10, will have a chance tohear the editor of "The Banker-Farmer,"Mr. B. F. Harris, of Champaign,111. He is not only the editor of thisstrong, clean publication; but he is,also, the very successful vice president of the First National Bank ofChampaign and chairman of the Agricultural Commission, which was developed under the aus'pices of the American Bankers' Association.Railroad Rates. IThe railroad people of the South .pave been quick to see the tremendousadvantage of quickening interest in rural life through the Conference of;Farmers and Business Men in Louis-jville, April 7-8-9-10, and have alloweda very low rate, one fare plus 25 centsfor the round trip. vJ&''mmrTHE EORTY YEAR TESTAn article must have exceptibomerit to survive for a period of fortyyears. Chamberlains Cough Remrjrwas first offered to the public in 1S712From a small beginning it has growerhi favor and popularity until it has attained a world wide reputation. Yowill find nothing better for a cough C"cold. Try it and you will understaadlwhy it is a favorite after a period ,more than forty years. It not oJy"gives relief it curei. For sale by alJSdealers.(March) (acCvIt is not drawing the color line tbobject to a green crew on the blcs-Vocean.Suffered withThroat TroubledHr. Barnesused to besheriff ofbarrenCounty,Ten nessee.From exposure tothe elementshe acquiredthroattrouble.He supposed thathis health1was entirelyruined, inspite of allthe treatment hecould procure. Afterusing fourbottles ofPeruna h eclaims that MR.B. W.D.BARNEShe was en- McMinnville, Tenn.t i r e 1 yrestored to health.Catarrh of the throat is not only a&annoying disease of itself, but It exposes the victim to many other diseases. We are constantly breathing"into our throats numerous atmospheric germs. Disease germs of aHsorts. This cannot "be avoided. ICrthe throat is healthy the system isprotected from these poisonousgerms. But if the throat is raw andSpunctured with numerous little "ulcers, by catarrh, then the disease?germs have easy access to the systemKeep the throat well and cleanThis is the way to protect yourselCagainst contagious diseases. Garglethe throat as explained in the new'Ills of Life," sent free by the Perumc.Co., Columbus, Ohio.Mr. Barnes says: "I had throattrouble and had three doctors treating me. All failed to do me anygood, and pronounced my health gone-.I concluded to try Perunar and after"using four bottles can say I was en-'tirely cured."Tpwifc...Wc SelfAll MakesUnderwood No. 5, $50.00. ',Underwood No. 4, $45.00- 7Oliver No. 5, ?60.00. . fOliver No. 3, $40.00.Oliver No. 2, $30.00.L. C. Smith Bros. No. 5, $60.00L. C. Smith Bros. No. 2, $50.00..L. C. Smith Bros. No. 1, $40.00-Remington No. 10, $40.00.Smith Premier No. 10, $40.00-- 4Remington No. 6, $20.00. 5Smith Premier No. 2, $20.00.Blick, $20.00, all models.Blue Grass Ribbons, 75c each, for"all machines.Carbon. Paper $1.50 per 100 sheetsTypewriter Oil 25c.We handle more Typewrites in onerweek than some of these peddlers'selEin at year.Candioto machines are fully guaranteed for two years. ' )Easy terms to suit' you.We have all models in stocktWe have new machines, too. ,Phone or write us.The Joseph, '.Candioto 60. :151, 153 and 155N. Broadway,Lexington, Kentucky.A --3Mm siM& fmm " rBr -3& " fKv -:;P.:v -'ibHF.-O-?-r,A ."'V4-, V1J s- s-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY,, MARCH 13, 1914fw xbiftnil 1 1 II i" """"""t"Cadillac Captures Dewar trophyiJ .' (Cartoon 'from5Motor Age)The Dewar Trophy is awarded annually mEngland to the car selected from world com- "petition embodying the greatest advance inautomobile engineering for the current year.Cadillac Two-Speed Axle Turned the TrickIts Service on 8,000- Cars Already Delivered Justifies This Splendid Awardissism999The Bourbon JMewsEstablished 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.'SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner,(Entered- at the Pans, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.),! Wolf, Wile & Co. IOne Year.,.. $2.00 Six Months. $1.00formerly Jfczufmarij Straus dc Co."Motor Age" gives this opinion:Adoption -of the two-speed rear axle byone of the larger makers of motor cars forthe coming season may be taken as a criterion of the efforts that are generalthroughout the industry toward the easiermaintenance. In this case, the ease ofmaintenance attained is indirect, but nonethe less present. The effect of doublingthe number of speeds obtained in the gearset is believed to make for longer life ofthe motor since it need not be worked on ahard pull or made to turn over so rapidlyat high car speeds. In other words, theincreased flexibility of the power plant isexpected to result in its greater useful life."The Motor," a prominent British, automabile authority, comments:We have always held the Cadillac in thehighest esteem, and admired it as a criterion example of high-grade American construction. The charm of the dual drive tothe rear exle is compelling and entrancing,and as one -merely touches the little leaverat the side and, on depressing and allowing the clutch to raise, finds a higher direct drive available, wonderment is aroused as to the undoubtedly simple manner inwhich so great an advantage has beenbrought about.The luxury of driving -a touring car at 20or 25 miles an honr with a direct drive andfinal gear ratio of 2.5 to 1 is quite a newfascination."The Autocar," one , of the leadingmotor publications of Great Brit-tian, has this to say:When the Cadillac system of combiningignition, lighting and engine starting inone electrical system was introduced twoyears ago it was very properly regarded asa bold step and it was certainly the mostinteresting innovation which had beenmade for a long time, while experience hasshown it to be as successful as it was bold.Today the Cadillac designers have madeanother innovation, which, personally, weregard as even a greater improvement thanthe very important one of two years ago.After once experiencing the delight oftwo direct and noiseless drives one feelsthat it is difficult to outline an ideal carwhich does not contain this feature, andwe feel safe in asserting that the Cadillacsuccessful reintroduction of an old ideawill be followed by other makers."Horseless Age" says:It seems at least possible that the twospeed axle may confer upon the four clyinder car sufficient flexibility and accelerativi ability, without recourse to noisy geared speeds, to satisfy the public demandfor these qualities, and, if this shouldprove to be the case, the demand for sixcylinder cars, with their somewhat morecostly, more bulky, more complicated andless economical motors, mignt be materially reduced. It can hardly be doubtedthat the advent of the double-direct driveis one of the most important happenings ofrecent years in the automobile industry.Kentucky Automobile Co. (Inc.), LouisviHe, Ky. Cadillac Service DepotMain and Spring Sts.9 Lexington Ky.mm9999999Bm9m9B9mm99mQQ9m9Qwmm99m9mmamwmm9meem9Qmm&Q999ePayable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayBECKHAM'S LEAD IN HARDIN.As an evidence of the strength former Governor. Beckham is gaining inhis race for the United States Senatorship is shown in newspaper reports that are being sent out from allsections of the State. Since the announcement that he would become acandidate there has never been moreenthusiasm displayed by his followerswith the result that throughout theState there seems to be a wave of support sweeping to the former chief executive of the State.Mr. Beckham will open his campaign at Elizabethtown on next Monday, when it is expected he will soimpress the voters of that county thathere will be no doubt as to the resultof the primary next August. Alreadycounty that he is well off in the leadand holding a safe position againstStanley, Smith and McCreary. Thefollowing newspaper disypatch. givesan idea of his dormant strength."A month ago well-posted observersof the Senatorial situation agreedthat the vote in Hardin county wouldbe a ight fit between Beckham andSmih, with Stanley a poor third andGov. McCreary nowhere."Today there is a different story totell. It is Beckham first and runningeasy. -If Mr. Smith stays in the racehe will be the second man amongHardin's 3,000 Democratic voters, buthe will muster at least 400 less ofthem than Mr. Beckham."The announcement that Gov. Beckham was to open his campaign inElizabethtown set his friends to talking. While other candidates were onthe stump, Mr. Beckham, until hemade the recent announcement, hadIdone nothing to arouse any enthusiasm among ms iouowera. iuuaj msstrength, which has been dormant, isapparent on every side."His old-time followers are stillwith him, and he is gathering hundreds who were not for him before.With Mr. Smith out of the way, Mr.Beckham would have over 2,000 of thevotes in Hardin county. The samesituation is said to exist n all quartersof the Fourth dstrict, except that Mr.Smith would be able to make as formidable showing in several counies ashe will in Hardin."Invite Your Critical Inspection to Advance 'Shipments of Entirely New Models inSpring-Ready- ToWear ThingsThe Styles of 1830, With Their Puffs andRuffles and Furbelows, Promise toReign Again During the Springand Summer of 1914oWe are showing now the .advanced ideas notonly in style; but in material andshades as well.SuitsTHE COLUMBIA THEATRETO OPEN SATURDAYThe Columbia Theatre, which hasTieen closed for several weeks, will beopened again on Saturday, March 14,at 2 o'clock. When the people of thiscity enter this theatre they wrill besurprised -at the many improvements'which, the owners have made on theInterior. The old floor has been tornaway and replaced with a new one,which slopes down to the orchestrapit, and in this way each and everypatron can see the picture on thescreen without the least trouble. Anew Radium Gold Fibre screen hasbeen placed in this theatre, also a'piano made especially for moving pictare houses, A sesv and one of thevery best moving picture machines,tke Powers 6 A, has been installed inthe picture booth, which will do awaywith much of the flickering and thejumping of the pictures while in motion. The three iron posts whichwere so unsightly -and inconvenient topatrons of The Columbia have beenremoved from the interior. The seating arrangement has been entirelychanged. Broad, safe aisles havebeen made; side exits as well as twofront exits; powerful 32 inch exhaustfans, which change the air everythree minutes; two large windows onthe side and front transoms overeach door, as well as air vents placedabelow the floor will make The Columbia one of the best ventilated andsafest theatres in this section. Theentire room has been redecoratedand changed. Only the very bestgrade of pictures will be used in this"house. Th'e Mutual Film Corporationhas arranged to give The Columbiaa well-balanced program of pictureseach week. Competent and experipneed help will be in charge of TheColumbia, and the owners can assurethe public that this theatre will beconducted in the right way, and willat all times show only the best gradeTHE MARKETS I'I yiS IvsWE BEG TO ANNOUNCEthat on Tuesday, March 3d, weplace on sale Spring Styles inNETTLETON SHOES(he footwear of distinction for meoGeo. McWilliamsThe Shoe ManChicago Grain.CHICAGO, March 12. Wheat closed steady at one-quarter at threeeights net decline. May closed at93 l-8c and July at 88 1-8. Cornclosed one-eighth at one-quarter 4 tothree-eights net lower, at 66 7-8c forMay and 66 l-2c for July. Oats closed easy, at 39 3-8c for May and 39 3-8cfor July. Wheat opened the sambaslast night to one-quarter lower, putthen made an advance all around.Corn prices were a shade to oneeighth at one-quarter lower and thiswas followed by a general raise? toabove last night's level. Oats saggedowing to absence of demand. Therewas but little pressure to. sell.- iCincinnati Grain. VCINCINNATI, March 12. Wheatsteady, 9899c; corn easy, 678;oats firm, 42 l-243c; rye easy, 651-266 l2cChicago Live Stock.CHICAGO, March 12. Hog receipts21,000; market strong; bulk of sales,$8.60(5)8.75; light, $8.508.72 1-2;mixed, $8.45 8.79 1-2; heavy, ?8.358.50; pigs, $7.008.50. Cattle receipts4,000; market barely steady, beeves,?7.159.70; Texas steers, $7.108.i5;stockers and feeders, $5.608.l0;cows and heifers $3.708.50; calves;$7.0010.00. Sheep receipts 24,000;market easy: native, $4.806.30;yearlings. $5.807.00; lambs, native,$6.80 7.80.. -Cincinnati Uve Stock.CINCINNATI, March 12. Hog re-.ceiDts 2.281; market slow; packersand butchers, $8.859.00; common- tochoice. ?5.758.40; pigs and lights,$5.00(5)8.75; stags, $,4.7507.50. CattleI receipts 394; market steady, Iambsstrong, $5.758.10.Cincinnati Provisions.CINCINNATI. ' March 12. Provisions steady, butter steady, e ggssteady unchanged, poultry steady,springers, 1824c; hens, 15 l-2c turkeys, 18c.LADIES, LISTEN!Don't buy or even decide on wimfyou think you want in the way of ahat until you have attended 'ourSpring showing on Thursday, March19. We will have some decidedlvnew things for you to look at. Dbn'tforget, we want you to see these hats.! x(10-3t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.of pictures. We can truthfully saythat the new Columbia is modern andup-tb-date in every j-espect. jBEAUTIFUL MILLINERY.My stock of Spring millinery thatwill be on display on March 19, at ourannual opening, is the prettiest linethat could be purchased in Chicago.The largest portion of it came fromthe leading millinery dealers, Highland Bros., and Fisk. Exquisite creations in hand-made and pressedshapes in English sailors and walkinghats. You are invited to call.CI0-3t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.SANITARY COUCH.We are offering a beautiful SanitaryCouch at $2.75 during ourFebruaryand March sale.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.PARIS MAN TO ESTABLISHBAKERY IN MT. STERLINGMr. George Rassenfoss, of this city,will shortly move to Mt. Sterling toreside and where he will engage inbusiness. Mr. Rassenfoss has rentedthe Gibbons storeroom on Maysvillestreet and will establish a restaurantand bakery in that city within thenext few weeks.Mr. Rassenfoss was formerly enengaged in the bakery and restaurantbusiness in this city, but retired, fromthe retail trade to engage in farming.Recently he disposed of his farm onthe Georgetown pike, near Paris.Mr. Rassenfoss is one of the bestknown business men in Paris, and isan energetic and capable gentleman.His many friends in Bourbon will regret to learn that he has decided tolocate in Mt. Sterling.CENTEN SPECIALSRead this list of specials forthe Lenten season and phone us yourorder:Pickled Herring, White Fish, Milker Herring, Roll Mops, Salt Mackereland Fresh Salmon.(24-tf) T . C.'LENIHANCHARLES BRYAN DIES ATHOME IN MILLERSBURGA message was received from Millersburg last night announcing thedeath of Mr. Charles E. Bryan, whichoccurred last night at eight o'clockfollowing an illness of about two days.Mr. Bryan was taken suddenly illat the Taylor House Wednesday andwas unable to be removed from thatplace to the .rooms he occupied. Sincehewas striccken his condition hasoeen very serious and little hopeswere enetertained for his recovery.Heart disease and stomach troublewas the direct cause of his death.Mr. Bryan, was unmarried and wasibout forty-four years of age. He wasveil-known in Paris. He possessedconsiderable property.His nearest relative is an uncleIon. W. C. Owens, of Louisville. Thenral arrangements have not bee.1made. ' fin Moire and Taffeta Silks, Crepe Wool Poplins andother lightweight fabrics$20.00 to $85.00Afternoon Gowns that are Serviceable; of Taffeta Silks,Crepe de Chene, Charm euse and flowered Crepes$18.75, $20 00, $25 00BLOUSESThe New Styled and Coloringsare Beautiful.Jap Silk Blouses -v $2.50Crepe de Chene. Blouses $3.85 to $7.50Lingerie Blouses $ 1 .OO to $6.00DRESS SILKSOf soft beautifnl fabrics, embracing Taffeta and MoireSilks and lightweight Crepe Woolens$5.00 to $12.75WCm M m J4ue'OlfyLiexington,v1 iWfM ft I .11 fc MMMMWOUNDS PROVE FATALTO ED. S. McNAMARAAs the result of pistol wounds inflicted with suicidal intent at hisapartments in Lexington, Saturdaynight, while despondent over illhealth, Edward S. McNamara, agedforty-one, member of the widelyknown McNamara family, died at St.Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, at4:30 o'clock Wednesday morning,without ever regaining consciousnessor being able to explain his act.The tragedy is the last of a seriesof violent deaths which overtook themale members of the family, following the shooting of Jacob Keller byKing McNamara, now serving a sentence in the State Reformatory forthe crime.Thomas McNamara was shot andkilled by a man named McNamee. J.B. McNamara, another brother, meta similar death, being killed by P. T.Maher. Another brother, AndrewMcNamara, died suddenly about twoyears ago under somewhat doubtfulcircumstances.WEST POINT COMPLAINTIGNORED BY GARRicONTHREE FINED IN POLICECOURT YESTERDAY.In police court yesterday Judge E.B. January assessed the followingfines: Sam Hill, drunk, $7.50; J. T.Welsh, drunk, $7.50; W. P. Waters,drunk and disorderly, $17.50.GRAND OPERA HOUSE TO OPENFOR SEASON MONDAY NIGHT.What promises to be one of theevents of the theatrical season willbe the opening Monday night of theGrand Opera House in this city under the management of the ColonialAmusement Company, which recentlyclosed a deal for the lease of thetheatre.On the occasion of the opening ofthe Grand, the company will presentsome of the best motion pictures andin addition to this there will be theadded attraction Greggs' ten-pieceorchestra.The Gregg orchestra will be remembered as having been one of the attractions at the Alamo Theatre several months ago and is engaged atthe Colonial Theatre in Lexington. Itis the purpose of the management ofthe Grand to have this orchestra inParis every Monday night during thesummer as one of the features of thebill that will be offered during thespring and summer.During the past two weeks theopera house has undergone a thorougb.renovation and lias been made veryattractive throughout. Beginningwith Monday night three reels of highclass motion pictures of the same service that is being used at the Alamoand in the other theatres controlledby the Colonial Amusement Companyin Central Kentucky will be presented. Once a week a feature picturewill be presented. The prices will beten cents for adults and five cents forchildren in either the lower floor orbalcony and fivec ents in the gallery.A dispatch from Washington, Tuesday, said:"Uuless specifically directed byPresident Wilson, the War Department will not reopen the case of Jas.W. McClure, of Paris, Ky., who wasexcluded from appointment as a cadet at the West Point Military Academy, thereby leading his father to prefer charges against Major GeneralThomas H. Barry, former Superintendent, and Major Fred W. Slayden,comandant of the cadets, of makingfalse official statements in the matter. "Ex-Senator Paynter, who had interested himself in the case, has beeninformed by the War Departmentthat the academic board reportedthat McClure had resigned his cadetship to escape trial, which fact hadbeen regarded sufficient to warrantthe disapproval of his applicationfor a new appointment."The case was presented to Secretary of War Garrison by James McClure, cashier of the First NationalBank at Paris, Ky., who alleged hisson was refused admittance to theacademy."SIMON HAS THEM.Crapes for dresses and waists atSimon's; It)EFFECT OF NEW INSURANCELAW IS BEING WATCHEDThe effect of the new insurance lawpassed by the present Legislatureand which has been signed by Gevornor McCreary, is being watched witha great deal of interest in Paris.'Many local bankers and financiersare regarding with alarm the wihdrawal from the State of a large number of the largest fire insurance companies, and through the new law thyview serious complications in. regardto loans, especially those made by fzebanks of the city on real estate andpersonalty.There are in this city fifteen insurance agencies representing practically every company doing businessin the State and every one of themhaver eceived notices to suspend business, and not accept any more risks.Only a few of the companies are nowdoing business.It is said the new insurance ratingbill will have the effect of inrparingthe credit of financial institutions, asit is impossible for them to makeloans upon property that cannot besecured by insurance. This will worka serious hardship on the number ofhome builders and others .who havesecured loans on stocks of goods.Local insurance men are of theopinion that the suspension is onlytemporary and when the effects of thewithdrawal of the insurance companies is felt in the fulest extent, therewill be some action an the part of the.State officials to allow the insurancecompanies to resume business .t f'.t.t -i foTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCRY, MARCH 13, 19145::sm(J- "HAS THE BESTU OF ALL LINES MADECLOVER SEED.We have highest!grade of Red Clover,Alsike, Alfalfa andTimothy Seed at rightprices. See us beforeplacing your .order.Chas.S. Brent Sc Bro.SO-tf Phones 1 Ar.STATED CONVOCATION OFROYAL ARCH MASONSrA stated convocation of Paris Chapter No. 15, Royal Arch Masons, ofParis will be held on Friday, the 13thaay of March, 1914, at 7 o'clock, p. m.Work in Royal Arch Degree.NEW SILKS JUST ARRIVEDNew Spring Silks at Simon's. Git)MOVE FROM RUDDELS MILLS TOHIGHLAND FARM NEAR PARISMr. J. W. Conway and family movedTuesday from Ijheir home in RuddelsMills to the farm of Mrs. NellieHighland, near this city, where theywill reside in the future.FAT TURKEYS.Five nice fat hens and a gobbler.Order early if you want one.it C. P. COOK & CO.BUYS PARTNER'SINTEREST IN STOREMr. Stanley Rummans on Mondayhought out the interst of his partner,Mr. George Ellis, in the dry goodsstore on Main street, between Seventhand Eighth. Mr. Rummans will continue the business, but Mr. Ellis hasnot announced his plans for the future. BEAUTIFUL FLOWERS.We represent the best florists in theSouth, and can furnish the choicestcut flowers to be had. Let us takeyour next order.JO. VARDEN.AT SIMON'SWash goods of all kinds can befound at Simon's. (it)TURNEY HORSES SHIPPED TOBENN1NGS RACE TRACKMr. Amos Turney, of this city, leftTuesday for Charleston, S. C, wherehe will remain until the close of theracing season at that place. Thestring of race horses of Turney Eros,were shipped from their farm nearthis city, to the Bennings track nearBaltimore, Md., where they will betrained for the opening of the springracing season. Among the horsesv.ere Kleaborne, Horron, Flabbergast,Glint, Crisco, Waterbass, RustlingBrass, Knight Deck, and five two-year-olds..FOR THE LADIESA full line ofsuits and coats, all thelatest designs, at Simon's. (It)MISS HARP TO OPENSCHOOL NEXT FALLMrs. Willie Anderson Harp, ofGeorgetown, will open a primary andpreparatory school for girls and boysin Paris next September. Mrs. Anderson is a thoroughly equippedteacher, having been educated atGeorgetown College, and having hadthree years' training at Chautauqua,N. Y., under Miss Ada Van Stone Harris, who is an artist m primary andpreparatory work. She has alsostudied at Valparaiso, and has had experience at Georgetown, and duringthe present year has successfully conducted the primary and preparatorydepartment in Bourbon College.vCELEBRATED GAGE SROS' HATSThe latest styles of the celebratedGage Bros' hats now on display atSimon's. (lt:)CHILDREN'S DRESSESChildren's dresses at Simon's.(It)CHILD FOUND DEAD IN3ED BY PARENTSThomas A. Johnson, aged threemonths and fifteen days, son of Mr.Steve Johnson, was found dead in bedat the home of its parents, on SouthHigh street, Tuesday morning. Deathwas due to mastoiditis.The child had been suffering forseveral days with a discharge fromthe ear, but was not thought to be inany danger. About one o'clock Tuesday morning the mother awoke tonurse the child, but found it cold indeath. Dr. J. T. Brown, who was thefamily physician, and Coroner Rudolpli Davis were notified, and afteran investigation it was found -thatthe child died from an affection of theear.The funeral was lield Wednesdayafternoon at one o'clock at the gravein the Paris cemetery, conducted byRev. J. S. Sims.SKIRTS AND DRESSESSkirts and dresses at Simon's.(It) "COMETH I NG NEW.Gome in today and see Oriole Flourdemonstrated. Just add a little waterfor either cake or biscuits. Something new. " ..,C. P. COOK & CO,SOCIAL Il! PERSONAL.Mrs. Elizabeth Simpson, who hasbeen seriously ill. is improving.Mr. Albert Jones has moved fromParis and has located at Wellston, O.Mr. and Mrs. George Alexanderhave returned from a visit in Louisville. Mrs. Withers Davis is visiting herparents, Mr. and Mrs. E. S. Jouett, inLouisville.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Saloshinhave returned from a visit to relativesin Cincinnati.Miss Joe Davis, of Lexington, isvisiting her aunt, Miss' Anna May Daas, on Pleasant street.Mrs. Charles M. Griffin has returned from a protracted visit to relatives in Knoxville, Tenn.Mrs. J T. Lail has returned to herhome in Lexington, ofter a visit to hermother, Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth.Mr. George Collins, of Hamilton,D., is here for a visit to his daughter,Mrs. A. R. Dennison.Mr. and Mrs. R. K. Farris arrivedyesterday from Plainview, Texas., tomake their home in this city.Miss Hettie Whaley has returnedlome after a visit to her sister, Mrs.-loffman Wood,' in Mt. Sterling.Master Edward Munich, son ofMr. and Mrs. Max Munich, is recovering from an attack of pneumonia.Miss Esther Boatright is ill withonsilitis at the home of Mr. and Mrs.A. L. Boatright, on Virginia avenue.Mrs. H. H. Hancock and daugh:er, Miss Frances, have gone to Cleve.and, Tenn., for a visit to relatives.Mrs. Bruce Hardesty, of Lexingon, has arrived for a visit to her siser, Mrs. J. H. Stivers, on Cypressstreet.Mr. and Mrs. Woodford Spearsire visiting their sons, Charles and3dward Spears, at Culver, 111., wherehey are attending school.Miss Josie Kidd, of Knoxville,Tenn., and Mrs. Marshall Vice, ofCarlisle, were guests this ,week ofMiss Alice Taylor.Miss Mary McCarthy is recoverng from the effects of a fall receivedSaturday morning at her home on Sec.eenth street.Mrs. S. D. Turner and daughterlave returned to their home in Lancaster after a visit to Mrs. H. B. Arlold, in this city.Mrs. Robert Ferguson and Mrs.2arl Ferguson, of Paris, and Mrs.vVilliam Ferguson, of the county, werevisitors in Lexington, Tuesday.Miss Maggie McVey, of WebbCity, Iowa, who has been the guest oflier aunt, Mrs. Julia French, for sev3ral weeks, has returned to her home.Mrs. Thomas Helm Clay is recovering from the effects of a fall sustained last Saturday, by which shewas badly bruised about the face andarm.Mrs. J. K. Thompson 'will entertain this afternoon with a luncheonbridge in honor of Mrs. William Ken::ey Ferguson, at her country homenear Paris.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcrawill go to Lexington today for a visitto friends, and will in a few daysleave to join Mrs. Withers Davis, whois on a visit to her parents in Louisville. Winchester Sun: "Mrs StephenElkin and litle son, Lorraine, havereturned to their home in Paris, after spending a week with her brothers, Mr. John Elkin and Mr. WarrenElkin."Mrs. W. L. Davis, of Columbia,S. C.t who has been spending the winter with her sister, Mrs. J. T. Hinton,in this i city, has returned from a visitto her son, Mr. Will Hinton Davis, nDanville.Mrs. J. T. Hinton, who has beenconfined to her home on High streetsince Nov. 29, suffering from a brokenhip sustained in a fall, has recoveredsufficiently to be placed in an invalidchair and fce taken around the house.Messrs. Ben Bannister, chieftrain dispatcher of Knoxville Divisionof the L. & N., Henry Coie and T. II.Glenn, of Knoxville, were guests ofMr. and Mrs. R. E. Lusk, Wednesday,and attended the funeral of Mr. F. P.Webb.Among those who attended the funeral of Capt. F. P. W.ebb Wednesdaywere Ed. Nippert and Everett Sorrell, of Cincinnati, Speed Hibler, ofMaysville, John Throckmorton, ofLexington, Everett Peterson, of Cynthiana, and Sweeney Gutzeit, of Covington. The Woman's Society of theChristian church met Tuesday afternoon, Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay presiding in the absence of the president,Mrs. C. Arnsparger. Considerablebusiness was disposed of, and it wasannounced that at the next meeting,in two weeks, the annual election ofofficers will be held.The Young Lades' Mission Circle of the Christian church met Tuesday afternoon with Mrs. Withers Davis, at her home on Pleasant street.The attendance was unusually large,and the papers read by Misses Josephine Hay den and ,KatherineThompson were very interesting.After the meeting chocolate and sandwiches were daintily served. Thenext meeting will be .held with Mrs.F. P. Kiser.Miss Mary E. Sweeney, of TheHome Economic Department of StateUniversity, was the guest of the Progressive Culture Club Wednesday afternoon, at their club rooms in theElks' Building, and gave a very practical and interesting talk on "Balanced Menus in the Home." MissSweeney is quite a favorite in Paris,and her address was heard with pleasure, and profit by the club, which alsohad as its guest Miss Mabel Robbins,county superintendent of schools,and a number of teachers foom thecounty, besides members of the otherlocal clubs. After the address delicious brick cream and cakes wereserved. , - , ,v Mrs. Georgia Spears is visitingrelatives in Lexington,.Mr. W. R. feukill was a visitor in -Lexington yesterday.Judge and Mra. R. L. Stout werevisitors in Frankfort yesterday.The young people of the city entertained with a dance at. tha TTiiirs'j Kail last evening.I Mrs. Robert Goggin entertainedat unuge at ner Home on HoustonAvenue yesterday afternoon.Mr. Samuel Griffin and Miss LucyGarrison, both of Bourbon county,procured a marriage license Wednesday from County Clerk Pearce Paton.Mr. S. K. Baird, of Winchester,was in Paris yesterday to spend theday with Ms brother, Mr. Alex. Baird.Mr. Baird is a member of the -firm ofBaird & Hardwick, of Winchester, extensive dealers in lumber, and is aprominent citizen of Thompson, Clarkcounty.The Hon. John G. Cooper says hisrecord in matrimony consists in having married three wives and an entirefamily.FLOWERS.Funeral designs of the choicest cutflowers on short notice. Call overeither phone.JO. VARDEN.It is the man who never had occasion to use it who knows a sure curefor baldness.YOU CAN CLIP HORSESYou can clip horses, mules andcows with the Stewart Ball-BearingClipping Machine. Cuts quick, stayssharp, lasts long. Horses, mules andcattle can be clipped without changing. Recommended by veterinariansand prominent dairymen. The pricecomplete is only $7.50. We are theagents for Paris and will take pleasure in showing them.(13-4t) LAVIN & CONNELL.LAST TRIBUTE PAID TOFRANK P. WEB3.The funeral of Capt. Frank PullenWebb, the popular Louisville & Nashville railroad passenger conductor,who was found dead in a Knovxille,Tenn., hotel, Monday morning, was'Id at the Presbyterian church Wednesday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, andwttd one or the largest funerals ever'aed in Paris. A large number ofknights Templar from the Paris andCynthiana commanderise were present, besides many friends of the family from Nepton, Ky., and othe"r places.The choir sang "In the Hour ofTrial," "Thy Will Be Done," and"Good Night." The services wereconducted by Rev. Dr. B. M. Shiveand Rev. J. S. Sims, of the Methodistchurch, made a fervent prayer. Atthe conclusion, of Dr. Shive's remarksfounded on the "Shepherd Psalm,"the beautiful service for the deadfrom the ritual of the Knights Ternijlar was rendered, the following Sirknights conducting the exercises:Frank Baird, Cynthiana, EminentCynthiana, Prelate; Judge Chas. A.McMillan, Paris, Generalissimo, andCharles Robinson, Cynthiana, CaptainGeneral.At the conclusion of the servicesand as the casket was being bornefrom the church, the choir chantedthe xii chapter of Ecclesiastics, beginning "Remember now thy Creatorin the days of thy youth." The remains were followed to their lastresting place in the Paris cemetery bya long cortege of friends in carriagesand on foot. The, following SirKnights acted as pallbearers: Capt.Everett Peterson, Lawson Oxley andR. V. Bishop, of Cynthiana; Hon. E.M. Dickson and Dr. M. H. Dailey, ofParis.The floral offerings were of unusualbeauty. The following were amongthe number from a distance who attended the funeral: Mrs. LucindaBurns, Mr. and Mrs. Slicer, Mrs. BellePaton, Miss Emma Gilroy, Mr. andMrs. Donahue, Miss Mattie Burns,Miss Peed, Mrs. Sousley, Mrs. Overley, Mr. and Mrs. Owens, Miss Hood,Mr. and Mrs. John Penn, Chas. Burns,James Myall, Miss Slicer, all of Nepton, Ky.; Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Nippert,Mt. Auburn, Cincinnati; Mr. C. E.Nippert, Cincinnati; Mrs. Horace Taylor; Carlisle, and Miss Rosa Justice, ofWinchester, besides a large numberof Sir Knights and their ladies fromCynthiana.tSt. Patrick's' Day,March 17th.Perhaps you know thatwithout us telling you.But please remember wehave a big line ofSt. Patrick. Cardswith all the characteristics of the Emerald Isle.You'll want to send someto your relatives andfriends. We sell them 3for 5. cents.Also a complete assortment of Comic, State andLocal views.People's PharmacyDoyleBuilding 8th and MainBoth "Phones- -A Vlccrola Ugood companyThere's never a lonesome moment where thereis a Victrola.The greatest singers, musicians, and comedians, right a:hand to provide an entertainment that would be worth going-miles to hear and yet youcan have all this right in yourownfliome.Stop in and hear your favoritemusic on this wonderful musical instrument. Victrolas $15 to$200. Victors $10 to100. .Easy terms,if desired,DaughertyBros.CUT FLOWERS.If you want flowers of any kindjust phone us your order. Nothing butthe choicest fresh cut flowers handled.(It) JO VARDEN.SEED POTATOESWe have them all kinds. Bothphones.SAUER'S GROCERY(13-tf) Opposite CourthouseThose who really search for thetruth usually find that it lies midwaybetween two extremes of opinion.Tank Beverley analyzes bravery asthe feeling that, if there is a fight,there are enough bystanders presentto hold both combatants.rBed Rock Cash Sale Now Going On,Lasts All of March.This is the Biggest and Best Sale of the Kind You Ever AttendedYou Can Not Afford to Miss Bt Others AreBeing Benefited By It Why Not You?AskGrandparents: 'If you want to give the Recently-weds "a present fortheir new home that will tickle them, give them a handsomeparlor-set. Then, when yon visit them you will enjoy theirpride m their beautifully furnished parlor. When you give apresent, you want the best, of course. So come to us, for wecarry the extra fine, SUBSTANTIAL, up-to-date parlor setsthat you are looking for. Our PRICES are trustworthy andsquare, too. . THE J. T. HINTON 'GO.We Want You to Join Ourper Week. We are goingmu yuu liiio iiiuii iiutt, tuuusfi, yuu gw. mem di ci uig reuucuon ana you get UKfd: mIllVlldl VUNllltl lilQUCTHE J. T. HINTON CO.Paris9 Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance Wood MantelsI !TA7hite goods in all the newest and prettiest -V V weaves.Tmbroiderejd crepes and voiles for the daintyp J blouses.TVess goods, the high novelties as well as the!SS goodistaples.Trimmings, everythinghave it.ucKnrinkable dress linens;feature in linens.rapes and crepe defor the coming season.imona satine entirelylike silk.Embroideries; large stock ready for yourSpring and SummerRatines in solid colors,Iplaids.W. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.FOR PARTICULAR LADIES. .The ladies who are exacting andhard to please are the ones who areespecially invited to our opening onThursday, March 19. We have purchased for this spring and summermillinery that will without a doubt,please the most fastidious woman inBourbon county. Something to suitthe most modest as well as the extreme in fact, styles to suit allEnglish walking hats, etc. You are"invited to call. . -(10-3t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD. ,CHORAL REHEASALS TOSE RESUMED MONDAY.Prof. A. H. Morehead has about recovered from his recent indisposition and will resume the choral rehearsals for the Whitney concert tobe held in this city at a future date.The rehearsals will be held in thePresbyterian Church and will beginwith Monday evening. Prof. Morehead requests that all members of theorganization be present.H. M, HamiltonVeterinarianOffice, Butler's Drug Store Phones261.Residence, E. T. 546; Home, 449.Paris, Ky.RlOfeb-lmo)"Grandpa" for itMcDougal! Kitchen Cabinet Club $1.00 Down ami $140to Give One Away, too. Come in and let us Explain. Methat's new we alwaysthink of it! A new' ' fcchines, the leading materialsnew; looks" ilneeds.brocades andFor RentHouse of four rooms, kitchen, bath,,pantry, hot and cold water, large gr- ' ,den, and fruit trees; located on Higgins Avenue. Apply toMRS. JOHN CAIN, SR.FOR SALE.Baled Hay.A. B. HANCOCK.Home Phone 560,Cumberland Phone 783.(13-6t)Desirable House For Rent.I offer for rent privately, the, attractive brick dwelling house on Highstreet, near Eight street, which, wiltbe ready for occupancy on March. 10.This up-to-date residence containsnine rooms, bath room, pantry, eightlarge closets, two large attic rooms,etc. The house is equipped with natural gas for lighting and heating, besides electric lights, and the ownerhas furnished the best quality shadesfor all windows. Large basement under building, and first-class cistern atthe door, with pump in kitchen. Thisproperty should be seen to be appreciated. For further information, apply to(6-tf) J. IV HINTON.-.-A i'J2 Ir-THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KY., MARCH 13, 1941T ii -CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETSFOR CONSTIPATIONFor constipation, Chamberlain'sTablets are excellent. Easy to take,:nild and gentle in effect. Give thema trial. For sale by all dealers.(March) (adv)Because of the increasing cost ofgasolinQ, German automobilists areturning to benzol for fuel, especiallylor heavier cars and trucks.Automatic apparatus has been perfected to enable trains running atiSgh speed to pick up any number ofsail bags without injuring their consents, anS deposit them gently introughs beside the track.The public grows increasingly curious. Inquiry has also been made forthe old-fashioned man who wore acarved peachstone for a watch charm.Coldsshould be "nipped in thebud", for if allowed to rununchecked, serious resultsmay follow. Numerouscases of consumption, pneumonia, and other fatal diseases, can be traced back toa cold. At the first sign of acold, protect yourself bythoroughly cleansing yoursystem with a few doses ofSthe old reliable, vegetableliver powder.Mr. Chas. A. Ragland, oMadison Heights, Va., says:"I have fceen using Thed-ford's Black-Draught forstomach troubles, indigestion, and colds, and find it tobe the very best medicine 1ever used. It makes an oldman feel like a young one."Insist on Thedford's, theoriginal and genuine.K3SR BA B 10- Wounding of Carlos Yon BranH mtk W9 I V dis and L. W. Elder, Americans, aboutB flfe llff the same time, by explosion of bombflgn HL Br K use( to force door where foreignersflB MTb W WU m 9 had taken refuge. Foreigners com-' pelled to pay ransom.'"' "" -""'" 0- ii. "VV. N. Stepp, American, shotwhen he failed to pay 500 pesos.- S 12. A. W. Lauralaut, British sub-npiip PllfPf' riTiO '3ect' stripped, beaten, shot and left forthe Best 2mAll Home Rendered10-Pound Cans, - $1.4050-Poimd Cans, - $6,50BaldwinBros,,Paris, KentuckyBoth Phones3-2wtGasFitting !Plumbing and Elecri-cal Work in AllTheir BranchesStoves, Rangesand Appliances.:Spicer &Gilchrist, 1Elks' BuildingE.E. Phone, 103 tHome Phone, 101 JAMERICANS SLAINOR TORTURED BYTHE BANSStartling Revelations MadeBy Senator Fall on Floorof the Senate.SIXTY-FOUR AREAMONG DEADOutrages Perpetrated in OldMexico Since Revolution Began.WASHINGTON, March 10. Here isthe list of 64 murders and murderousoutrages perpetrated on American citizens since the beginning of the revolution in Mexico, which was read onthe floor of the. Senate Monday bySenator Pall, of New Mexico.The list was prepared by SenatorF.11 from private information andwith the aid of the State Department.The list reads:1. Mrs. Anderson, daughter andneighbor boy, killed June 22, 1911,Chihuhua. Murderers arrested by assistance of Americans. Confessed,served six months in jail and released.Madero soldiers.2. Mabel Richardson, little girl, outraged. No attempt made to punishperpetrators.3. James D. Harvey, killed when inthe State of Chihuahua, March, 1912,and mutilated with a spade. Nothingdone.4. William Adams, killed July 2,1912, with his daughter's arms aroundhim, by Mexican officer. Nothingdone.5. Thomas Fountain, killed afterCourt-martial by Salazar at Parral.Madero and others threatened byTaft. Nothing done. Salazar laterarrested on this side, charged withsmuggling, and later released. Nowhe is held at Ft. Bliss.6. Joshua Stevens, killed when nearColonia Pachecho, Mexico, August 26,1912, when defending his daughtersfrom attack. The girls, one with astick, the other with a shotgun, drovetheir assailants away.7. John Brooks, Texan, killed atColonia Chichupa, Chihuhua, in 1913.8. Mathew Gourd and daughters,assaulted when near Tampico, July 26,1911.9. Killing of Rogers Palmer, Englishman, because of failure to opentnfn ni- Tknfo v rr- nVinuf Tnnn 1Q 1Q1Q13. Edmund Hayes, American, employee of Madera Company; alsoRobt. Thomas, negro killed at Madera by Mexican Federal officer,Santa Cavaro. Demand was made bySecretary Bryan on Federals, throughEmbassy and Marion Letcher, for arrest and punishment. Nothing doneuntil September 11, when SenatorFall called the attention of the StateDepartment and President to the factthat this officer was in Jaurez, fiveminutes ride from El Paso. An officerwas arrested and later discharged.14. B. Stowe. shot when in Chihuahua by Rebels, 1912. Nothing done.15. Benjamine Griffin, rancher,murdered July 5, 1913, when nearChichupa, by bandits.16. John H. Williams, mining engineer, killed by stray bullet March8, 1913, when Rebels attacked Naco-zari.17. Boris Garow, consulting engineer, killed when an attack was madeon Nuevo Buenavista, February 11,1913.18. V. G. Wolf, mining engineer,murdered July 16, 1913, by outlawsin Northern Sonora.19. Mrs. E. W. Holmes, killed byshell during bombardment at MexicoCity, February, 1913.20. Frank Ward, shot in back bybandits when in his. home near Yago,Tepic Territory, April 9, 1913.21. John S. Howard, United StatesCustoms Inspector, assassinated whennear Eagle Pass, Texas, February 10,1913.22. Padlo Soto, of Naco, Ariz., merchant, killed by stray bullet duringconflict between Federals and Rebels,March 24, 1913.23. L. Bushnell, mounted police,killed when in Naco, Ariz., March 24,1913, by a stray bullet fired by Rebels. 24. Frank Howard, killed by bandits in Coalcomank, State of Michoacan. in March, 1913.25. Herbert li. Russell, manager ofAmerican Vice Consul McCaughan'sJ ranch, near City of Durango, murdered by Rebels September, 29, 1912.Consul Theodore C. Hamm cabledreport to the Department of State.26. Robert "Williams, of Phoenix,Ariz., policeman, killed by Mexicanbandits, who crossed the line to attend a celebration of Mexican Independence Day in Phoenix, September16, 1912.27. Scott Price, bystander, killedwhen bandits were firing on Williams.28. N. Matheson, aged and crippledMormon, killed while fleeing fromColona Morelos, Sonora, September16, 1912, when bandits were lootingtown.29. McKinzie, an American resl-dent, executed -near Agua Prieta, Sep-tember, 1912, because the Rebels sus-pected he had given information toFederal troops.30. "W. K. Waite, manager of theBsmeraldas plantation at Ochotal,Vera Cruz, killed in April, 1912, whenhe refused to pay money demandedby bandits. He was beheaded.31. H. L. Strauss, formerly a newspaper correspondent, killed with 34other non-combatants when Zapatistas held up a train August 11, 1912,near Cauantla, Morelos.32. Thomas C. Kane, conductor ona Guanajuato Railroad, shot throughthe head when bandits wrecked atrain at Siloa and killed many passengers, April, 10, 1912.33. Pehr Olsson Seffer, formerly aprofessor in the University of California, killed by Rebels April 29, 1911,together with three of his servants,when near Cueranavaca.34. R. H. Ferguson, of San Francisco, a member of Troop F, ThirdUnited States Cavalry, killed by abullet fired over the border.35. Two unidentified men killedMay 9, 1911, when in EJ Paso by straybullets fired by Federals and Rebels.36. Dr. R. C. Clarke, of Taylorsville, 111., killed in Mexico City May27, 1911, by a partisan of GeneralDiaz.37. John R. Lockhart, of ScottCity, Mo., mining engineer, killed bybandits in Durango,' November, 1911.38. R. N. Meredith, of Troy, Ohio,struck by a bullet when in PorterHotel during the bombardment inMexico City in February.39. Mrs. Percy Griffiths, legs shotoff during the bombardment of MexicoCity.40. A. B. Thomas, murdered bybandits while protecting wife and seven children near Nogales, Sonora,March 10, 1912.41. Robert Huntington, railroadswitchman, shot without a causewhen near Aqua Prieta, April 13,1911.42. J. C. Edwards, a native of Virginia, shot to death when accidentally within Rebel lines near Aqua Prieta, April 13, 1911.43. Stepson of J. M. Foster, ofNewark, N. J., killed at Alamo, Southern part of California, June, 1911, because he had professionally treated awounded insurgent a few days before.44. John Heatrling, of Douglas,Ariz., German-American citizen, hanged when near Nogales by Rebels under Orozco, July 19, 1912.45. Guido Schubert, of Douglas,Ariz., a friend of Heartling, hanged atthe same time.46. John Camp killed when nearUnited States Immigration Station inEl Paso, May 9, 1911, when the Rebelsattacked Juarez.47. Antonio Garcia killed when inEl Paso, May 9, 1911, by a stray bullet fired by Rebels. ,48. Clarence H. Hoper, throat cutwith a knife and robbed when at Pearson, August 4, 1913. He was actingsuperintendent there.49. Grayham Taylor, at Agusa, Caliente, English, robbed August 13,1913. Taylor died of wounds and leftletter giving the details of the attack.An American was killed when onsame road two days before.50. Thomas, or Theron Kelly,American, extra passenger conductor, said to have been the son of Rev.Bernard Kelly, of Emporia, Kan., whoat one time was chaplain of theUnited States Congress:51. H. F. Mauders, superintendentof the express service on the MexicoNorthwestern, native of Woodland,Cal. A brother lives at Orville, Cal.52. Lee Williams, 25 years old, assistant to the Commissary Managerat Madera, son of E. H. Williams, ofPhiladelphia.53. John E. Bebster, conductor,lived in El Paso for six years. He alsohad a relative in Indiana.54. E. J. McCutcheon, engineer,city directory gave his address as 1107Missouri Street.55. M. J. Gilmartin, superintendent of Northwestern Railroad System.56. Bernaro Schofield, terminal superintendent in Juarez.57. J. I. Morris, loadmaster of theJuarez division.58. James Burgess, brother of Mrs.Brooks, said to have been a passenger on the train.59. Mrs. Lee Carruth and five children of Union Etar, Mo., en route tojoin Mr. Carruth, a stationary engineer at Madera.60. Alfred Olcott, now of Los Angeles, shot when in Sonora recentlywith his partner when defending thetatter's wife and daughter from outrage. 61. Clemente Vergara.62. Gustave Bauch.63: William Benton, Englishman.Claims for wounds sustained whenshots were fired across the Americanboundary line by Federals and revolutionists are as follows:Adolfo Varela, of El Paso, $3,000.Virginia Moorheed, of El Paso, $3,000. Abundio Soto, El Paso, ?4,000.Edwin G. Heaton, of El Paso, ?2,000. Cecelia Griffiths, of El Paso, $15,000. A. R. Chandler, of El Paso, $12,000. Emma Larson, of Douglas, Ariz., $1,000. Francis F. Williams, of Douglas,Ariz., $5,000.John W. Keate, of Douglas, Ariz.,$4,000.Joseph W Harrington, of Douglas,Ariz., $15,000.William R. White, of Douglas, Ariz.,$2,000.When a fool comes into moneythieves quarrel over the propositionas to which of them shall have theright to take it away from him.VERY LOW RATESTO THE WESTThe Missouri Pacific is preparing tohandle a heavy colonist movementto the West and the Northwest thisspring. An unusually low rate is being made; tickets sold March 15th toApril 15th inclusive. Write todayfor leaflet containing full informationregarding rates, routes and throughtourist sleeping cars and through freenhnir nor serving ArMrpcs T A Qfol.tenkamp, G. A. P. D.. Hotel Gibson,Cincfnnati, O.News Overthe State &Opposed to Sunday.'Lexington Ministers' Association;composed of the pastors of everyProtestant church in this city, votedagainst inviting "Billy" Sunday hereto hold a meeting. They take thestand that his pulpit "vernacular" isunsatisfactory, his methods undesirable, and a meeting conducted by himtends to lower the dignity of the pulpit. There was a movement on footamoijg the laymen to bring Sundayhere.Date for Hearing Set.Frankfort The final hearings onthe injunctions sought by the L. & N.,Illinois Central, Queen & Crescentand C. & O. railroads to prevent thecollection of 1912 franchise taxes ontheir increosed assessments, were setin the Federal Court here by JudgeCochran for April 15. April 15. Notime was fixed for entering the orderin the preliminary injunction soughtby the Adams and Southern ExpressCompanes.Would Raise Quarantine.Frankfort While the Kentucky iences and accommodations, or theHouse was passing a bill providing ' same as furnished to the white peofor a county veterinarian to inspect pie. There are six counts against thedairy herds the State Board of Health Louisville & Nashville, and one eachwas in session here considering ' against the Illinois Central and themeans' for raising the quarantine onKentucky cattle imposed by the Stateof Illinois. The Board's plan is toappoint assistant State veterinariansin each county to inspect free of allcnarge every nera or tnorougiiDrea the Bank of Kentuckj', granted ternstock, either dairy or beef cattle. . p0rarily several weeks ago, appointThe Government will furnish the an-1 jng Attorney William Worthington,titoxin. The question with the Board in charge. The case came up Saturwas whether it has authority to re- day and the bank was given untilquire he inspection of all the cattle j Tuesday to pay $20,000 cash and $30,shipped out of the State, or, whether QOO worth of notes and merchantableit must depend upon the regulations J paper. The bank's affairs have beenof other Staes. The. Board held ajjn the courts for some years. The ofconference with Assistant Attorney- ( ficials say they expect to make suchGeneral Hogan about it. If all the settlements that it will reopen.beef cattle is inspected by the State Iauthorities in compliance with the I Radium Treatment,regulations of the Bureau of Animal Winchester County Judge J. H.Industres, States to the north will re-1 Evans and A. R. Baldwin, who leftceive Kentucky cattle. As it is the j iiere Sunday for Baltimore, to con-HSHSBrL'tf T Ti77.jp?,SyWi THIS WiftTERGo where fair sides, ideal weather, and outdoor enievmemt disnpi nilthought cf v.Inlcr's ciscomicrt.I WINTERNOW AVAILA3L:: UiAgKs5t5S2sricrrisrr3SS2rfa?,,gEitf6:ftI!P1TO ;L RESORTSTTf-VnTC.A kVllDAIiATTRACTIVE srTOrMrJT OV!LGCS.EQUIPMENT, SEVICP. A::For dstailr. cor.c-'i. uiyH. C. KING, Hascsnger and T;o;ot .qent, VM E&zi f.te'n St, Lexington, Ky.3 sssssaTrJ! When Your Blood is RightYour Whole SystemIfYou Have anyThe Hot Springs Remedy, A Complete and Positive Remedy ForSYPHILIS, ECZEMA, ERYSIPELAS,and all otherHot Springs Physicians pronounce this the Greatest Bloodon the Market.We Prepare a Remedy For Every DiseaseOur Treatment of Female His is the nGreatest ot itsKind Ever Offered to Suffering Women. IWrite us yourHot Sprin803 1-2cattle is quarantined for tuberculosis,and the cattle industry is said to rankthird, after tobacco and whisky, inthis State.y. Race for Divorce.Louisville Walter Joyce and Harriett Chambers Joyce ran a race tothe divorce court, the husband winning by five minutes. The attorneyfor the husband filed his petition andpassed his opposing counsel in the1corridor of the court house as the latter was en route to the clerk's officewith the wife's petition. The husband alleges in his petiton that hswife abandoned him March 2, 1914.On the other hand the wife chargescruel and inhuman treatment andsays she was forced to leave theirhome March 9, 1914, because of continued ill-treatment. She asks $25 aweek as temporary alimony, and for$5,000 in a lump sum. It is set forthin the petition of the wife that thehusband conducs a saloon at 1103West Main street, the income fromwhich is $250 per month, nnd that inaddition thereto he owns valuablereal estate. They were married June16, 1910.Railroads Indicted.Hopkinsville Indictments that aredecidedly out of the ordinary arethose which have been returned bythe grand jury here against the Louisville & Nashville, Tennessee Centraland Illinois Central railroads, charging them with not furnishing their colored passengers with proper conven-Tennessee Central.Permanent Recevership.TjRXTneTon P.irmiif Inrltra IT&rr lmsi -ade permanent the receivership ofrrrJ.rrayrvy vj&wt&KKfEBSSHBttMEBMTOiJSSST FARES(OF Tf-.ii 'a:x.si prruN ls.v.it.SCrNEOT SURPASSED.'idc;L Atr-r or write:'XCTvaK(? 'a-saegssssa$4444$0Blood or Skin Diseases DO NOT DELAYUntil it is too late9 but orderTO-DAY!ACNE, MALARIA, RH ELI MAT ISM Iforms of Blood andFull Course Treatment Six Bottles, $18.00.Single Bottle, $5.00.troubles. AIL correspondence strictly confidential.Medical CompanyCentral Avenue, Ho Springs, Ark.- -suit -with specialist regardiig the radium treatment fo cancerous affections with which ej.cn is suffering,were examined there Monday. It wasfound that Mr. Baldwin's trouble willnot submit to the radium treatment,and he will be compelled to undergoa surgical operation. Judge Evansunderwent the treatment and feelshopeful as to the outcome.YOU CANT EATAPPETITE POORMultitudes of people lose theirappetite. Simply don't care for anything to eat. The dinner bell has nointerest to them. They loathe theirbreakfast They may nibble a littleof this and a little of that, but theydo not care for it.Lunch has lost all of its charms,although they try to eat something.Dinner about the same.There is something: positivelywrong, of course, but no disease thatcan be named. Just out of sorts.That is all.It is in thia kind of a conditionthat Peruna acts very beneficially.After using Peruna, interest in foodis revived. Besinning with a teaspoonful of Peruna before each mealwill generally quickly improve theappetite 'and help the digestion.Thousands of people can testify tothis. Liberated from, a slavery that i3almost unbearable. The slavery ofhaving no interest in life. All usedaip. Yet one does not know exactlywhy. Take Peruna before each meal.Skies will-get blue again. Fields willlook green once more and life willbe pleasant. You will feel that youare grood for something and the worldis a good place to live in. Perunawill do it. Not as an artificial stimrilant. Simply a tonic that stimulatesappetite in a natural way.Those who object to liquid medicines can now obtain Peruna Tablets.Special fetes &' Excursion?.Round trip Winter Tourists to allprincipal winter resorts in Alabama,L Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina and Havana,Cuba, on sale daily Oct. 1, 1913, untilApril 30, 1914, with final limit May 31,1914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas and New Mexico, on saledaily Nov. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914,with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberalstopovers allowed on all winter tourist tickets. Also low round tripHomeseekers' tickets to points in Alabma, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi,on sale first and third Tuesdays ineach month, final limit 25 days fromdate of sale.Stop-overs allowed inHomeseekers' territory. For furtherinformation call on or addressW. H. HARRIS, Agent.T. K. SMITH, T. A.4.is Right.Skin Diseases.7and Skin Remedy ever placedZVAJ?.uftv i,-L1HE BOURBON NEWS, fARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 13. 1914i Lameness ISloan's Liniment is a quickand reliable remedy for lameness in horses and other farmanimals.Sloan's Liniment surpasses anything on earth for lameness in horsesand other horse ailments. $dnot sleep dthout it in my stable.Maktik Doyus.432 West 19th St., ew York City.Good for Swelling and Abce.Mb. ff. at Gibbs, of Lawrence, Kan.,B. F. D.f 2so. 3, writes:" I had a marewith an abscess on her neck and oneGOc. bottle of Sloan's Liniment entirelycared her. I keep it all the time forgalls and small swellings andfor everything about the stock' .SLOANSLINIMENTis a quick and safe remedyfor hog cholera.Governor of Georgia usesSloan's Liniment for Hog Cholera." I heard Gov. Brown (who is quite afanner) say that he had never lost ahog from cholera and that his remedyalways Tvas a tablespoon! ul of Sloan'sLiniment in a gallon of slops, decreasing the dose as the animal improved.List month Gov. Brown and myselfwere at the Agricultural Collegebuilding and in the discussion of theravages of the disease, Gov. Browngave the remedy named as unfailing."" Observer."SAXAxtfAH Daily Uews.At All Dealers. 23c, 50c. & S1.00.Sloan's Book on Horses, Cattle,Hogs and Poultry sent free.Address Dr. Earl S. Sloan, Boston.COLORED COATEESTftFFETINGRPlain Silk Frocks jShow NewSleeves and Peplums ofNew Shadesft SKIRTSEAT FAVORFRILLED PAJAMANEGLIGFESNEW YORK, March 12Dresses, suits and the smartest materials are now the paramount topicso conversation among women as theygaze at the displays in the shop 'windows and sip their tea in the spaciousstores.Is the bustle to he treated seriously? Are panners and reeded tunicsto continue accentuating the hip-line,or will more slender hips be in vogue?Are Cubist colorings staple enoughfor the woman of moderate means toindulge in or will there be a revulsionof feeling toward the plain colors?These and mauy more are the questions bothering feminine minds evenof the most serious of women who realize the importance of being welldressed. They are hurled one afteranother at "those who ought toknow," but can be answered only bythe ultra smart, who easily govern thestyles for the average woman.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamIrledicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured 3ayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxtoa Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.VttVif.VSf.l ...ML I wvwa J3lm'1 lpart of yellow silk, which is stitcheduu ll Liie ittue. j tiny, nat oow otblack picot-edged ribbon is placedsquarely at the end of the V-neck.A little touch of white is seen onwhite and colored wtaists. It givesdepth and character to combinationswhich otherwise might appear inane.The old-fashioned shirt waist is appearing in a new-fashioned garmentof blue, pnk, green and yellow linen.Large square collars and roundingJapanese or kimono collars of whiteare fastened on to these waists. Tinyhemstitched beading is used to connect the sleeves and waist, and between the box pleat in the front andthe rest of the waist.Among the novelties was a sleeveless waist -of delicate shell pink taffeta Wjarn over a long-sleeved guimpeof gold tissue.Black skirts and white skirts willprobably be worn a great deal duringcoatees of bright coloring.These coatees are often made withbody and sleev in one, short withthree-quarter sleeves. A full circularor gathered ruffles fastened to thebottom of the coat and on the edgeof the sleeves. These ruffles aresome times doubled and at othertimes have a picot edge, but are seldom, if ever, hemmed.A charming coatee of brilliant petrole blue is worn with a black taffet a skirt, which has two widedoubled ruffles around the hips. Theedges of these ruffles meet in the backand are faced back with silk the sameshade as the coatee, thus giving theconnecting link between the two garments. A bright green coatee of faille silkis seen with a white taffeta skirt. Awhie Japanese collar rolled awayfrom the neck.Coats in brilliant colors are alsoshown. One of deep pink poplin wasespecially handsome. The length ofthe waist portion is normal. A beltat least seven inches wide attachesthe skirt portion to the skirt. Thislower section is cut n a half square, apoint coming on either side of theback and rippling so that the floweredsilk lining is visible. Aside from a collar of white crepe embroidered withpink there is no contrasting color onthis coat.Similar coats of moire and taffetaare displayed in such a fashion thatone cannot help believng that thestores at least believe they will bemost popular.FREE ADVICETO SICK WOMENThousands HaveBeenHelpedBy Common SenseSuggestions.TMi!Ae"PJNKHAF4U'Ss i?r F T1 jlJL -..fS " JLsXJLJIcp KJtlB. UZGLL. -av rjmi KIV'tfk ole? enshaves LyesXnthinjr is more Important in thehome t ban clci r, j-taay light. Insnreth.is by frcttHe the oil that burnsclear and rlc.m without a flickerGown to ti lat drop. Pennsylvaniatide oil rwani'a to perfection.Ccvti no no-o thin the InferioilinVwiaon oils saves MOKEY save3WOR K av!' eves.Your dealer has SOLITS OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Steii 8H Go.Lexington, Ky.Refinorj at Warren, Pa.We feell thz celebrated "I?o Carb"Auto Oil.White. SergenfeisssssssPILES! PILES! PILESlWELUAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMEPWill cure Blind, Bleedinfc and Itching. PriIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 81WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, 01L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.wirtis&Overby3Business Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)J .CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pal,;fronageSolicited.A Golfine Waist WithSkirt.Illustrated are two styles for Springand Summer wear. The first pictureshows a. waist of green golfine. Thefullness at the neck is laid in pleats.! The shoulder-line is smartly long with(set-in sleeves. A rolling collar ofdoubled white organdy flares out fromthe neck and a little stiff bow of blackgives the finish to the neck, whiledainty, narrow turn-back cuffs givethft nroner touch to the sleeves. Thisis worn with a white serge SKirt,which buttons down the front and hasset-in pleats at the bottom.The model which I have used forother illustration is made of antiquecrepe in Roman stripes, with green asa predominating color. A short peplum is lengthened by a gathered ruffleand with this is worn a faille silkskirt of green. A chemisette of finebatste and footing is worn with thiswaist, and the collar and belt are ofgreen faille silk.At a recent Spring opening manybeautiful gowns were seen whosecombination of colors and materialswas most striking and not to be for-p-nttpnwhen remodeling a last season' frock.A handsome gown of brick-coloredmoire has sleeves of brick-colored taffeta. A crushed sash girdle of taffetahas wide bead fringe following thelower edge.A striking afternoon frock is developed in blue crepe de Chine, withsleeves of figured green silk. A fittedpeplum of green, longer in front, isedged with a narrow cuff and a widepleated flounce of blue is attachedunderneath it, making a long tunic.This is a smart style if utilzed by amaster dressmaker, but an amateurshould view it with distrust, for it canbe smart, and it may be patcny.Combinations of color and materialdo not confine themselves to suits andcostumes alone, but are also seenamong waists and blouses of linen,lawn, net and silk.A handsome waist of embroideredI net has a collar, and half of the cunning vestee, of lace, with tne lowerillfro t,t,n M-liftf sjfi3SlijkmmMm-MWomen suffering from any form offemale ills are invited to communicatepromptly with thewoman's privatecorrespondence department of the Lydia E.Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn,Mass. Your letterwill be opened, readand answered by awoman and held instrict confidence. A woman can freelytalk of her private illness to a woman ;thus has been established a confidentialcorrespondence which has extended overmany years and which has never beenbroken. Never have they published atestimonial or used a letter without thewritten consent of the writer, and neverhas the Company allowed these confidential letters to .get out of their possession, as the hundreds of thousandsof them in their files will attest.Out of the vast volume of experiencewhich they have to draw from, it is moreTion -nncaiKIn T10 Tiorr nnoooca 1io comrU1UU UVUU4WIV VAACAW IIAWY UVkJUVWU W.W Y W. T 1Knowieage neeaea in your case, in owning is asked in return except your goodwill, and their advice has helped thousands. Surely any woman, rich or poor,should be glad to take advantage of thisgenerous offer of assistance. AddressLydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., (confidential) Lynn, Mass.Every woman ought to haveIiydia E. Pinkham's 80-pageText Book. It is not a hook forgeneral distribution, as it is tooexpensive. It is free and onlyobtainable by mail, "Write forit today.n. wS war 6EvM'10 VIHTEBPiBpSEBS!If you are looking for a goodsSuit or Overcoatat reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, here is tiie placeto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Overcoats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we areo$Fering them as a special inducement for98A PACKAGE THAT WILL KEEP.You can get a nice large packageof Butter Wheat of your grocer.WE HAVE FAITH INTHIS STOMACH REMEDYWe also have a full line of Schloss Bros guaranteed-tailore d Suits for $15 to $25. Emerson Shoes at $4nd $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise can be had at a price that"will please your pocket-book.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEPT-L WoSistein, Proprietor.t-BttSZHXSZ'TX-'A woman customer said to us theother day, "Say, you ought to telleveryone in town about Rexall Dyspepsia Tablets. I would myself if Icould." That set us to thinking. Somany people have used them andhave enthusiastically sounded, theirpraises both to us and to their friendsthat we had an idea you all knewabout them. But, in the chance thatsome of you who suffer from indigestion, heartburn, dyspepsia, or someother stomach complaint, don't knowabout them we are writing this.. They contain Bismuth and Pepsin,two o the greatest digestive aidsknown to medical science. Theysoothe and comfort the stomach, promote the secretion of gastric juice,help to quickly digest the food andconvert it into rich, red blood, andimprove the action of the bowels. Webelieve them to be the best remedymade for indigestion and dyspepsia.We certainly wouldn't offer, them toyou entirely at our risk unless we feltsure they would do you a lot of good.If Rexall Dyspepsia Tablets do not relieve your indigestion, check theheartburn, and make it possible foryou to eat what you like wheneveryou like, come back and get yourmoney.Sold only at the more than 7,000Rexall Stores, and in this city only atour store. Three sizes, 25c, 50c, ana$1.00 G. S. Varden & Son.(adv)msPans Odorkss Ckamna Co.3 - feLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned an$Reblockedjx) your satisfaction.We Call STor asid Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25t8$i9COUNTY COURT DAYS.Eph Wiley hands down the decisionthat the man who finds diversion inthe spectacle of a woman ncased in aslit skirt is easily entertained.Wit ''-ffSS$3mmir?ii V r.w v:vif - v"MeCiiThe tips of a new German aeroplane propeller trend forward whenstationary, but are straightened bycentrifugal force when revolving,which the inventor claims lessens thedanger of them being broken by thestrain.WthRoman Striped Antique CrepeFaille Skirt.Corduroy is also used to developSpring coats of a more tailored variety. The raglan coat is still supreme,and is seen with variations in collars,which are square at the back andlong in front, in complementary colors. A handsome one of checkedworsted had the two backs cut so thatthey met in a bias seam in the back.A straight band of the .same materialwas stitched around the bottom andup the front closing.A new style of sleeping garmentshows the Eastern influence. This isa charming frilled pajama. The trousers, gathered in at the ankles, givesa truly Oriental appearance. Negligees they are, for with their net frillsat neck and sleeves they scarcelysuggest hard usage, but add an oddattraction most appropriate for loung-ing aoout ones rouiu.As a life-saving precaution a Frenchinventor would have all sea-goingvessels furnished with beds equippedwith a non-sinkable bed he has ustpatented.THE MOTHERS' FAVORITEA cough medicine for childrenshould be harmless. It should bepleasant to take. It should be effectual. Chamberlain's Cough Remedyis all of this and the mothers' favoriteeverywhere. For sale by all dealers.(March) (adv)Below is a list of the days CountyCourts are held each month in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawreceourg, 3d Monday.Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, liit Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Breathitt, Jackson, 4th Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Henry, Newcastle, 1st Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, nid Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday.Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Monday. Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday.Oldham, Lagrange, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Pendleton, Falmoitcn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wayne, Montecello, 4th Monday.Woodford, Versailles, 4th Monday.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.FALLING HAIR MEANSDANDRUFF IS ACTIVESave Your Hair'. Get a 25 Cent Qottleof Danderine Right Now.ff Year D&iBKafiMPynfj Temr Gmt-Graad-D&a BHyjyRB All used May - Apple KEcSyi!U Root tore!ease,the WflHfO dj- 1 bile from the liver. &Bv&Jy($lIt griped those days-- 1&SSyrJIbut inthe PODOLAX Kg. ffformula the. gripe has 31CxrVbeen taken out. 80k Buy It and try It. JriThin, colorless, brittle and scraggyhair is mute evidence of a neglectedscalD: of dandruff that awful scurf.There is nothing so destructive tothe hair as dandruff. It robs the hairof its lustre, its strength and its verylife; eventually producing a feverishness and itching of the scalp, whichif not remedied causes the hair rootsto shrink, loosen and die then thehair falls out fast. A little Danderinetonight now any time will surelysave your hair.Get a 25 cent "bottle of Knowlton's-non rl Arm p. frnm anv drUK Store Ortoilet counter, and after the first apnlicatioin your hair will take on thatlife, lustre and luxuriance which is sobeautiful. It will become wavy anafluffy and have the appearance ofabundance; an incomprble softnessnd gloss; but what will please youmost will be after just a few weeks'use, wlien you will actually see a lotof fine, downy hair new narr grow-TREESStrawberry PlantsFruit and Shade Trees,Shrubs, Asparagus, GraDeVines, Rhubarb, Peonies,Phlox, Seed Potatoes, etc.Everything for Orchard,Lawn and Garden.Free CataJog No AgentsH. F. flillenineyer & Sons,Lexington, Ky.Nurserymen Since 1841r20feb2mo)Leave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 am10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p mDaily except Sunday.Leave Parifor Lexington'6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 am9:45 a n11:15 a ml i12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p nr5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m10:05 p mMC"-,IK2WJXKURSWotellyouhoTr, and pay best marketprices,We RTe dealers; establishedinl56: andean do BSTTER for youtliau agents or commission merchants. References any "bank in ionisville. Write for weekly" price list.fcJ. SABEL & SOMS227-29-31 &33 E. Cartel Si. LCL'SVJLIE, KY.ni. In CI!r?S. HiDS. WML.Uetiiwta '- ... F -- -iWFor Sale .by All Druggists.- ing all over the scalp.(adv)pep FAI1IS!G6lt. $1,000 to)$ioo oooW. KING & SON,125 Cheapslde. Lexington, KProfessional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY. .Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones) 1KesidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. B' KELlLEK,Practicing Physioiajt,OfBces, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid'sPaiis - - KentmivT J. WHiIilAMS,f ; ATTORNinr-AT-LAW. ,itoomlElks Boilding-VNnrr- '"V$t,. . .: i-qMa-THEBOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. .MARCH 13, 1914.HEWS OF MILL R BURGMajor Duckett, of Cincinnati, isvisiting friends here.Mrs. E. T. Beedingk is visitingMrs. E. P. Pogue, at Lexington.rMr. Joe Miller, of Memphis,Tenn., is at home for a month's vacation. jr. O. W Ingels left Tuesday fora busines trip to Cincinnati, and willreturn today.Mr. Charles Merrimee, of Cincinnati, is the guest of his mother, Mrs.Sarah. Merrimee.Mr. J. B. Cray and daughter, Mrs.J. P. Auxier, attended the funeral oftheir cousin, Mrs. William Cray, atElizaviile, Tuesday.Miss Mollie Stump left Tuesdaylor a visit to Tier sister at Spokane,Washington. She will be absent several 'months. She was accompanied'as far as-Cincinnati by her nephew,Mr. Roy Endicott, who returned Wednesday. Of the twenty-six High and Secondary schools recently placed on theacmcredited list in Kentucky, and divided into class A and class B, theMillersburg Female College stands $,the top in class A with possible credits twenty-five.At the regular meeting of theCouncil on March 4, Mr. R. M. Caldwell, correspondent for the News,went before the Council, asking for anordinance to prohibit the fowls fromTunning at large upon the streets.As the hour was late before the matter could be taken up and the Council"had other important business on handand was not put in any definite form.Of course a great majority of the citizens since then Jiave learned whatwas done, and some exceptions havebeen taken to it. This is due to thefoct that the people do not undersandthe nature of the ordinance. No ordinance will be introduced which willprohibit the owning or raising ofI fowls within the corporate limits ofMillersburg. The ordinance whichwil be presented at the next regularmeeting of the Council is that fowlsmust be kept in enclosures on thepremises of those by whom they areowned and not allowed to run at largeon the streets. Within the past fewyears many of our citizens have removed their fences. Their lawns andflower beds are exposed to everythingthat travels the streets, and this ordinance is only intended to keep thefowls off the premises. There arenow and wre last summer many running at large in various parts of thetown. Within a few days the ordinance will be drafted and all interested will be called upon to sign a petition. This is dene at the solicitationof many of our citizens, who are inevery way interested in the good ofthe town, and who have done much toimake the town what it is.j At a regular meeting of the CityCouncilu on March 4, it4 was decidedto hold a meeting on Monday night, totake action on bids for the new engine and electric dynamo which werepresented at the regular meeting.On Monday night the bids were actedupon, and the contract for the engineand dynamo was awarded to the Pair-banks-MorseCo., of Cincinnati. Theequipment will be installed nextmonth.Mrs. J. H. Burroughs is improving. Mr. C. E. Bryan was taken suddenly ill at the Taylor House, Wed-nes at noon, while at dinner, and.seems to be suffering from a complication of heart and stomach trouble,and is unable to be removed ,to hisroom.Mrs. O. R. Rankin returned yesterday after a month's sojourn inFlorida. . -Robert, the little son of Mr. andMrs. C. C. Chanslor, remains critically ill.At a recent meeting of the GrandLodge of Masonsof the State an orderwas issued for each lodge in the Stateto compile a history of the lodge intheir respective cities. At the lastmeeting of Amity Lodge a committeewas appointed to compile such' historyand the work will be taken up veryshortly and to accomplish it everymember 'should 'render some serviceat the next meeting of the lodge andall the old members are requested tobe present and relate what they knowof the past history of Amity Lodge.Mrs. William Thorn is quite ill ofpneumonia.Miss Wetsyllyne Ammerman isquite ill of pneumonia at the home ofher parents near Millersburg.DEATHSDOYLE.mmm:BORLAND'T&e Home of Good Wall Papera 35 aNew Location 514 Main StreetNew Parlors Ideal LightNew Papers Exquisite DesignsNew Ideas Up to the MinuteNew Prices The Very Lowest-MATRIMONIALTALBOTT-FOSTER. n ,i ine marriage oi miss jjuruuiyTalbott to Dr. H. E. Poster will besolemnized at the home of the bride-elect's parents, Sheriff and Mrs. W.' F. Talbott, Wednesday afternoon,i March 18, at 3 o'clock. On account of' illness in the family the wedding willbe a very quiet affair, and only the, relatives of the contracting partiesjwill be present. The ceremony willbe performed by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Christian church. MissTalbott, who is one of Bourbon's fairest daughters, and is an attractiveand accomplished young woman.She is the oldest daughter of Sheriffand Mrs. W. F. Talbott, and is quitepopular in social circles throughoutthis section. Dr. Foster is a wellknown and capable dentist of this city. and is a deserving and popular gentleman. He is a son of Dr. W. E. Foster, a well-known physician of Owenton, Ky.LOOK US UPNext to JVIrs. Mamie Parker, opp. Fordham Hotel 9Everything in Wail Paper from Cheapest to BestTELEPHONE 159fr9SGS$3$8GSBSG&50!iOCKERMAN-ANDERSON.Mr. Lute Anderson and Miss Julia Ockerman, a handsome couplefrom Nicholas county, came to ParisWednesday afternoon, obtained amarriage license and' were married byJudge C. A. McMillan in his privateoffice in the court house.AUSTINJIOBERTSON.Miss Lillian Austin, of this county, and Mr. Arthur B. Robertson, ofYale University, were recently married at St. Petersburg, Fla. Mr. Robertson will graduate at Yale in Juneand enter the ministry of the Christian church. Mrs. Robertson is thedaughter of Mr. A. J. Austin, of theLexington road.A marriage license was issuedyesterday by County Clerk . ScarcePaton to Mies Lillie Wiggles woi thand W. A. McLeney, both of Harrison county.Mrs. Julia Doyle, sixty-six yearsold, died Tuesday night at 8 o'clock,at the St. Charles Hotel, after an illness of about eight days with bloodpoison.Mrs. Doyle was the widow of thelate Mr. John Doyle, and was a kindhearted, sympathetic woman, a devoted mother and grandmother. Shewas the owner and proprietress of theSt. Charles Hotel,' on the corner ofMain and Tenth streets, and managedher business successfully. She issurvived by three children, $MrsFrank Sullivan, Edward Doyle andCornelius Doyle, all of Paris, and twosisters, Mrs. Ellen Gallagher and Mrs.Anna Sander, of Concord, New Hampshire. The funeral will be held this morning at 9 o'clock, the services beingconducted at the Catholic church byRev. Father Eugene DeBruyn. Theburial will take place in the Catholiccemetery.DODGE.Mrs. Rebecca Kenney Dodge,aged 79 years, died at her home onthe North Middletown pike, near thiscity, at ten o'clock, Monday evening,following a twelve days' illness.The death of Mrs. Dodge resultedfrom a fall received about two weeksago, dislocating her hip. She wasabout 79 years of age arid had beenin declining health for some time,and these facts made her recoveryfrom the fall very doubtful from thevrst. So that her passing was notunexpected, though the news of herdeath was a shock to her manyfriends. Mrs. Dodge was the widowof the late David D-age, to whom shewas married in May, 1861. Fourchildren were born to this union,three of whom survive: Mrs. CharlesDodge and Mr. Victor Dodge, both ofLexington, and Mr. Jas. L. Dodge, ofParis, who resided with his mother.Another son, Mr. Mills Dodge, diedin Lexington several years ago. Mrs.Dodge was a half-sister of Mr. MillardF. Kenney, of this city, and was ateacher in the Sunday school as longas she was physically able to attend.The funeral was held at the Presbyterian church Wednesday morningat 11 o'clock, and was largely attended. Her pastor, Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive.paid a beautiful and richly-Tleservedtribute to her memory, taking theword "Mother" for the subject of hisremarks.Mrs. Dodge was one of the mostprominent and beloved women inBourbon county, and will be sadlymissed, especially in the home and inthe Presbyterian church, of which shewas a faithful and active member.Those from a distance who attended the funeral were her daughter,Mrs. Charles Blakely, of Topeka,Kansas; Mr. and Mrs. Victor K.Dodge, Mr. Joseph B. Kenney, Mrs.Emma Hicks, Mr. and Mrs. ThorntonMoore, Mr. and Mrs. John Marr, Mr.Foster Helm, Graham Kerr, all ofLexington; Mrs. Frank Ulm, of Cleveland, O.; Mrs. E. L. Davis, Mrs. H. C.Poynter, Mrs. Jennie Brooks, of Midway; Mr. and Mrs. George Lancaster1 t ? of our great GX II ' - ' r0 momThe balance of our "Winter Footwear t ogether with medium weightshoes, must be sold to make roomfor our enormous stock of Springgoods. Some of our great bargains:Men's Best Made Shoes.....Men's Bench-Made Shoes.Men's Gun Metal Shoes...Boys' Gun Metal Shoes......$3.50.. 2.99.. 1.99. 1.49Ladies' Custom Made Shoes $2.99Ladies' Gun Metal, Shoes, button... 2,49Ladies' Patent Shoes, button 1,99Ladies' Gun Metal Shoes 1.49Ladies' Pumps in All Colors and Styles at the Lowest PricesS-oBY THE OLD RELIABLE HOUSE3Trr- tcj" -en ivrv -- - aNo SubstitutesRETURN to the grocer all substitutes sent you for Royal Bakb ing Powder. There is no substitute for ROYAL. Royal is a pure,cream of tartar baking powder, andhealthful. Powders offered as substitutesare made from alum.and Mrs. Bessie Lancaster Harp, ofGeorgetown.The body was laid to rest besidethat of her husband, Mr. David M.Dodge, in the Paris cemetery, beneatha wealth of lovely flowers.WALTERS.Mrs. Mary E. Walters, aged seventy-fouryears, died yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock at the home of herson, Mr. Ike Roberts, on East Seventh street, following an illness ofseveral weeks.Mrs. Walters had been in ill healthfor some time and her condition assumed a critical stage about twoweeks ago. Owing to her advancedage, little hope was entertained forher recovery.Shewas the mother of Mrs. J. B.Smart and Mrs. Robt. Mclntyre, ofParis, Mrs. Reese and Mrs. Duff, ofLexington; Messrs. Tom Roberts, ofWinchester, Al. Roberts and Ike Roberts, of this city.The funeral arrangements have notbeen announced.IDIOTORIALETTESThere is always something to bethankful for. Just now, we can feelglad that the allotted life of the Kentucky Legislaure isn' the regulaionthree score and ten years.What a glorious thing that the Architect of he Universe didn' have todepend on some present day contractors for the carrying out of His plans!We'd still be somewhere TDack in theBook of Genesis.Col. Goehtals may have to stiffenhis back a little to carry all the medals that are being heaped upon him.The more the merrier, say we, in a30ft whisper through our equally softhat.An Ohio professor says collegework doesn't teach enough about citygovernment. Maybe 'not; but wewere just thinking that the more aman knows about city government thebetter he seems qualified to put somesort of skin game across on his beloved municipality.At a poet's banquet in Chicago oneDf the speakers suggested that all thepoets should be "humble and simple."Seems to us that some of them aresuffering pretty severely from the simpies already.Many a man who eats humble uiewould far rather be fostering a stomach-acheon strawberry shortcake.Among those who are devoted toduty might be mentioned the protective tariff man.A New Jersey burglar passed upsome rare wines in a house he had"burgled" and drank two bottles ofmilk. Hey, boy! Dust off and makeready a choice seat on the wagonclose to Mr. Bryan.Report from New Albany says acitizen was made very ill by eatingcanned pork and beans. They shouldby all means be uncanned before eating, and we hope his oversight willnot occur again.Some people when they put theirbest foot forward always manage toput it in a mud hole.Jumping out of the frying pan intothe Are may not help matters any, butit at least affords a change of scenery.Doesn't seem at all difficult for Senator Fall to take a "rise."This time it is an Iowa woman thatdies while laughing hard at a joke,like to have a tip on that particularpiece of funniness that every once ina while proves fatal, so that in the future we could put a brace on our risibilities whenever we see it coming.People who look before they leapoften beat themselves out of a lot ofgood exercise.Over at Syracuse, N. ., ArthurSharp, defending a suit for killing aneighbor's dog, answered the complaint in eight verses of "poetry." Itwas more doggerelly than the deaddog. Oh, rhymed verse, what crimesof expression are committed in theyname.Marconi now thinks he will be ableto perfect the wireless telephone forgeneral use. Guess we'll all becharged for regular long-distance tollservice then.DINING TABLES.Thin of this beautiful diningroom tables at $4.75 up to $38.50 during our February and March sale.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.per Fill!080l.woto$ioooooW. KIMG & SON,125 Cheapside. Lexington, KvARE YOU MISSING IT?You are missiag a. lot in life worthliving for if you do not eat ButterWheat.The curved fulcrum which featuresa Missouri inventor's stump pullerenables the removal by hand of allstumps not large enough to requireblasting or burning.The storage battery 'has been successfully applied to mining locomotives, which heretofore have had torely upon overhead wires or thirdrails for current.One of the German transatlanticliners carries diving suits equippedwith speaking tubes for the use of themembers of ts crew in fighting firesbelow decks.A new device to collect sounds andconvey them to the ears of a partiallvdeaf person by almost invisible wiresis so compact that it can be worn under a man's necktie.msmaxjpmsBBBmm&Cft flSwaiK fiftK tmI Mt at Lowest Pfiees!"Iv ,- iPotatoes, fancy Northern Stock, per pk. 30cPotatoes, fancy Northern Stock, per bn. $1.00Navy Beans, ber lb 5cKidney Beans, per lb 8 l-3cTomatoes, per can . . .10c3 cans Standard Corn 25cSweet Potatoes, per can 10c3 packages Gold Metal Oats 25c2 large size Mackerel 15c3 large size packages Maccaroni 25c6 bars Octagon Soap 25c6 bars Clean-Easy Soap ; 25clj bars Lenox Soap - 25c20 lbs. best Eastern Sugar $1.00(With a three dollar purchase)Stone's Silver Slice Cakes received fresh daily.Order early and your order will be delivered on time.T. C LENIHAN.vci?jui vi vwvt jr aBoth Phones 234 MH