: tj.r-: -,T22 jr '""TV. - ".. jk'T;-b- Jir-r- -&? fvf c. i&T k-". ?fr&PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR1 -H J,, ..jVOLUME!XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, ,1914.v -"5ft -P6SFi , -iL. JMg1aMifa'sifc3T .rllgfe -'. Mama M. VI . . . M imit . mi- mm. - -mckii IA fr-V" j "pi "-m-wi -vsr - tr&7 -tf " t .. i-i v i n. a H - - k t i k. . k. , .? THE BOURBONntvYS1GERMANS NOWTHIRTY MILES- FROM PARISArmies of the Allies ContinueDesperate Resistance totTeutcnsJOHN LANCASTER ENDSLIFE WITH A RAZOR.FATE OF PARISIS IN BALANCEiBulletins of Important EventsIn the European WarZoneST. JOHNS, N. F Sept. 2. TheBritish government has directed thatlor the remainder of the present sea--sonall shipping between Canadianand British ports should abandon theroute through Belle Isle strait anduse that by way of Cape Race exclusively. This will enable the cruisersnow employed on the North Atlanticto give more efficient supervision toshipping and protection from any possible interference by German warships. A cordon of British warshipsstretches from Cape Race eastwardto the British coast and another patrols the ocean sufficiently far southto guard all British shipping traversing the North Atlantic.Mr. John Lancaster, a former citizen of Paris, where he was for manyyears engaged in the, sewing machinebusiness, made an' attempt at self-destruction Wednesday night, by cutting his throat and slashing hiswrists with a razor, his wounds resulting in death at the Massie Memorial Hospital about 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon.Mr. Lancaster had been residingat Brooksville, Bracken county, forseveral years after leaving Paris, andbeing in bad health for some timecame to the Massie Hospital, in thiscity, where a surgical operation wasperformed some time ago in the hopeof affording him relief. After leaving the Hospital, he went to thehome of Mr. Martin J. Glenn, onthe Glenn pike, near this city, wherehe had been about three weeks inhopes of getting relief and rest. Hehad suffered greatly from insomniaand complained of inability to getsleep.On Wednesday night when supperwas announced Mr. Lancaster failedto appear and a sea'rch was madefor him. He was found on the floorof the stable with blood flowing fromgaping wounds in his throat andwrists. Medical assistance was hurriedly summoned ajd he was takenin an automobile to the Massie Hospital, where he lingered between lifeand death until late yesterday afternoon, when death gave him release.Mr. Lancaster was one of the mostpopular men in Paris. He was abrother of Mr. Charles Lancaster, ofPar;is, and of the late Mr. JamesLancaster. He leaves a family mBrooksville. A son, Mr. Jos. Lancaster, of Lexington, was with himwhen the end came. .The funeral arrangements hadnot been completed as we go topress.BOURBON COUNTYTEACHERS' INSTITUTE.LONDON, Sept. 2. A dispatch tothe Reuter Telegram Company fromSt Petersburg says zhat by imperialorder the city of St. Petersburg, capital of the Russian Empire since 1712,will henceforth be known as Petrograd. This change eliminates the Teuton construction in the name bywhich the chief city of Russia hasbeen known since it was founded byPeter the Great in 1703.WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 2 Associated Press dispatches state thatthe fourth day of the battle now being waged between the Germans andallies finds Emperor William's forcespressing with unprecedented strengththeir advance on Paris. Their rightis reported to be within fifty miles ofthe French capital. In the absenceof official announcements news dispatches indicate that the British andFrench continue a stubborn resistance, giving way slowly wheneverthis strategy is necessary to keeptheir line intact and prevent an enveloping movement by the Germanright.PARIS CITY SCHOOLSWILL OPEN SEPT. 7.LONDON, Sept. 2. Telegraphingfrom Paris to-day the correspondentof the Daily News says that an oldcampaigner who came in at theNorthern railway station this morning, describing the battle he sawTuesday morning, said: "Of one thingyou can be assured; anurderous, aswas the German onslaught, their attack was repulsed. From news whichhas reached me from many sources, Ifear you must be prepared to hear ofheavy losses."LONDON, Sept. 2. A corner of thecurtain over the oattle drama inNorthwestern France has momentarily been raised. It shows the alliesbattling desperately to prevent theGerman assault on the Upper Oise,less than fifty miles from Paris. TheBritish are fighting desperately toprevent the Germans from securingone of the most direct routes toParis. News of this battle reachinghere from two different sources isthe first definite information since theresult of the battle of Mons. The battle raged Sunday and Monday and byaheer weight of numbers the Germanssecured a slight advance. Militaryoxpefts point out that from the present position on the Upper Oise riverthe German advance will become increasingly difficult, owing to the natural features of the country, as wellas the artificial defenses that willhave to be encountered.ROME, Sept. 3. The Russian embassy has been notified that theAnstrians were overwhelmingly deieated near Lemberg, losing ' moretfean 100,000 men and 57 cannon.The occupation of the city of Lemberg was said to be imminent.ROME. SeDt..3. A telegram fromjNish, Servia, says that in a battle at IJadar, between 200.UUU Ausinaus auu180,000 Servians, the latter put 140,000 Austrian soldiers "hors de combat."Tne city schools of Pans will openon next Monday, Sept. 7, which isalso county court day, at the regularmorning hours, when the classes willbe organized.Superintendent Hendricks said thebooks will be on hand, and all tlerooms will be m readiness for thecoming of the pupils and teachers.Old text books may be exchangedfor new ones adopted this year, butonly texts of the same grade and subjects may -be exchanged on-' a basisof fifty per cent, of the cost of thenew ones. State SuperintendentHamlett has ruled that, any text bookin such condition that it could havebeen used by the'pupil if the adoptionhad not been changed, may be exchanged at the local dealers.Superintendent Hendricks has called a teachers' council to be held atthe High School building to-morrow(Saturday) morning to prepare torthe opening.'The text books will alL have to bechanged this year, the last sessionof the Legislature makmg it mandatory on the part of school boards toadopt books for another five years.The Board of Education, assisted bythe Superintendent and teachers,have given much time to the selection of the new books, and they consider the new texts a most excellentselection and that the new bookswould enable the teachers to obtainbetter results than was possible withthe old lists.The faculty for the coming termremains about the &ame, as follows:Superintendent T. A. Hendricks;Principal High School O. L. Schultz;Principal Grammar DepartmentMiss Jessie Crisp; Vocal Music MissLeora A. Wiard; Art and DrawingMrs. Evelyn Buck; Physical Education and Elocution Miss Edith M.Brittain.High School Teachers: O. L.Schultz, E. T. Proctor, C. P. Lancaster, Fritz Nihart, Misses FrancesButler, Josie Alexander, Jessie Crisp,Bettie Smith, Jennie Howard, AnnieFarrell, Bessie Claire Brannon, HelenHutchcraft, Lizzie Lenihan, BessPurnell, Esther L. Stone, Sallie A.Whaley, Mason Talbott, MaryLayton,Blanche Lilleston, Mrg. Ernest Harris; Mrs. Newton Mitchell, TruentOfficer.In the absence of Prof. A. S. Mackenzie; of Lexington, who was to conduct the Institute, Prof. B. S. Eubank,of Lexington, presided at the sessionof the Bourbon County Teachers' Institute, which convened at the courthouse in this city, Monday mroning. ''Addresses were delivered by Prof.Eubank; Miss Ruth VanPelt, ofFrankfort; Prof. Jonhson, arid MissesClay and Clarke of Paris.Mr. J. F. Faulconer, representingthe State Tuberculosis Commission,was present at the Tuesday session,and delivered an interesting addressto the teachers on ' "Health By Indirection." After the Institute adjourned the teachers visited theHealth Exhibit Car, at the L. & N.passenger station. ' Addresses weremade by Miss Minnaker, the visitingnurs'e; Prof. Eub'ank, Prof. Paul Luttrell, of Georgetown, and others.The following teachers are in attendance at the. Institute: Mrs. HallieArdery, Mrs. Lida Essxe, Mrs. AlmaPryor, Misses Gertrude Bramel, AnnaBurns, Mary Calnan, Nannie Clarke,Julia Clarke, Susie Clay, VirginiaCrutcher, Mary Desha, Mary BelleDunnington, Drusie Elliott, MargaretEvans, Lola Gray, Belva Hill, MissHouchin, 'Jennie Howard, Mary Fithian Hutchcraft, Lena and Nora Hudson, Hazel Kerr, Margaret Lenihan,Lillian Mason, Kizzie May McDaniel,Bessie Miller, Margaret Minogue,Louise Myall, Mattie and MinervaNeal, Ira Oder, Jessie May Ockerman,Alman Rice, Amanca Rummans, MaeShannon, Nancy Sous, Irene Tackett,Martha Viley, Nanette Wallingforland Messrs. R. H. Ellett and R. M.Roberts.The sessions of the Institute Wednesday were full of interest. In themorning a special program made uphymns, vocal solos, duets, piano solosand a quartette, was rendered.The roll call was responded to withnature quotations. Interesting addresses were delivered by Prof. I. H.Booth, of the Richmond NormalSchool, and Prof. John F. Smith, ofBerea College. Secretary Earl L.Mast, of the Paris Y. M. C. A., gavea talk on "Games and Amusementsof the Country School."The afternoon session opened witha vocal solo by Miss Desha. Twoaddresses were given, Mr. Eubankspeaking on "Discipline," and Prof.Boothe on "Method."Among the visitors present wasProfessor E. M. Costello, of NorthMiddletown, who has attended institutes for thirty-two years.-On Thursday Prof. McHenryLRhodes, of Lexington, State Superintendent of High Schools, deliveredan address to the trustees of the rural schools. This afternoon at 3o'clock Miss Cora Wilson Stuart, ofMorehead, wlio originated the Moonlight School System in the mountains, will be present and address theteachers.rMitchell & BlakemoresNew Fall Hats4-.. : . Are Ready For Yonr Inspection..&ADVANTAGE IN PRICES.Price advantage, style advantage,wear advantage.DA'N COHEN'S GREATEST SHOESTORE,EXCITING TIMES.Stetson and Dunlap MakesThe very swell shapes with extreme high crown, narrowbrims, broad; natty bows in the back. The very thing forthe young chap who wants to be dressed right Allcolors -Bottle Green, Seal Browns, Tobacco Browns andOtter Blacks.1The Mitchell & BlakemoreSpecial $3.00 HatThe best sold anywhere for the price. Try one of thesehats. Remember our itock of Stetson Hat is the largestand biggest assortment of styles shown anywhere in thecity. ,v 1Mitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckyCALL! BaldwinsINSURANCE MAN ARRESTEDHERE WANTED IN LOUISIANA.The Winchester Democrat says:"Miss Lucy Simms of Paris, Ky., whowas the guest las week of MissSarah M. Buckner, of this city, hasjust returned from a trip to Europe.She was accompanied by her mother,Mrs. W. E. Simms. Mrs. Simms,Miss Simms and Miss Frances Johnson sailed on the Baltic from Liverpool nearly two weeks ago. At thetime the Baltic sailed five Germanwarships were known to be in thepath of the Baltic. But while onlya few miles off the English coast,word was received that one of theGerman ships had been sunk and theother four definitely located. Duringthe entire passage the Baltic's lightswere-muffled and her course was altprpd two hundred miles to avoid theremaining German ships. Outside theexcitement of dodging the Germans,the Baltic arrived after a voyage often davs. It was by extreme goodfortune that these Bourbon ladies secured passage at this time and arrived from their long journey withoutmolestation."SHIRTS TO MEASURE.Fall shirts are now ready. ShirtsmnViP tn vour individual measure,Ifrom $2.50 upwards.J. W. DAVIS & UU.Phone 32fOROystersCounts and SelectsCeleryHead LettuceCauliflowerEgg PlantSpring ChickenDressed::$tI FRANKPARIS, Sept. 2 A fight in the airover Paris took place "this evening.Three German aeroplanes hoveredover the capital, and immediatelytrro French machines were sent upt engage them.Meanwhile rifles and machine gunscounted on public buildings kept upconstant fire. By this means' oneof the German machines became separated from the others and theWrench aviators flew swiftly in itsHrection- The German opened- fire,t which the FraeflHian replied Tigoreusly.' 5N. S. Mullins, alias J. C. Murray,an insurance solicitor who had beenworking here for some time wasplaced under arrest Wednesday morning by Acting Chief of Police Geo. W.Judy, on telegraphic information fromthe Sheriff of Caddo Parish, Louisiana. Mullins was wanted in Louisiana on a charge of vagrancy and astatutory charge, and also for jumping a bail bond of $250.The arrest was made upon receiptof requisition papers issued fromfFrankfort, Tuesday night by ActingGovernor E. J. McDermott. The Lousiana authorities forwarded a photoof Mullins, which was received hereabout the same time the requisitionpapers arrived. Chief Judy immediately set out in quest of the manwanted, and in an hour had locatedhim at the Fordham Hotel and placedhim under arrest.- Mullins submittedquietly and made no comment.Under the laws of Louisiana thecharges upon which Mullins' arrestwas made constitute a felony.-Mullins had been been working invarious capacities in the insurancebusiness through the South and finally landed in Paris, where he was located by the Louisiana authorities.He will be held were1 awaiting, thearrival of an officer to take him backFORMER PARIS GIRL BLIND.Our Cheese Line consistso! Swiss, Brick, Pimento,Neufchatel,Phila. Cream,Roquetort, Welsh Rabbit,N. Y. Cream and Old English (5 years old).Now ShowingV NEWFALL STYLESIn AIL Lines. .Mrs. Thomas Martin, of New York,formerly Miss Jessie 'Adams, of Parisand Winchester, is totally blind andin a serious condition at her home inthat city. Mrs. Martin is attendedby three specialists, but litttle hopeis entertained for her recovery.Mrs. Martin is the daughter of Mr.Wm. Adams-, one 'of the best knownnewspaper men in Kentucky, wlio wasa resident of Paris for many years.After leaving the newspaper businesshere he was for several years Secretary and local manager of the ParisHedge Fence Company, a local concern. He afterward removed to Winchester and associated in the newspanr VmsinGRs with his brother, Jas. J.Adams, on the Winchester Sun. Hedied of a stroke of apoplexy wnne ouduty in the office of the Winchester JDemocrat several years ago.t ocf NTv.roTr.Tior Mrs. Martin under-went a serious surgical operation, andJher sight began to fall later on until Xovn Via a Vionmnfi totallv blind.UUH tHV U.U.U ,wwwREFRIGERATORS REDUCED.Lamb Stewr 15c lb.TCountry Club'CakesFour Flavors2 for 25cNO ADVANCE, In Prices.501b Cans Lardonly $6.25while they last. Pure,Hog Lard.SEE OURTrimmed x . Hatsv. Nothing Over- .$5.00. h'Read these prices Refrigerator,,-now fz&.uu, wnuNew Iceberg and-$35.00 kinCnow $25.00, while theylast. TheOdorless "(7-tf) ? ' A. r.rHKKUBR OOtheJIII 'no 1 1 wm nmnprank &caThe SUre Where IfagaMfr RrigM.-j 2 iII'.-!?$isiIpy-PX? 'AHUkafiL.V . . ? 3 4Lrc'for trial.y3?. V knri" -- -v Jm-" , "f . Sr .f L 5 ,. .ak-a-s&&;,rf nV-vTOE BOURBOh EWSf PARIS., KENTUCKY. SEPTEMBER 4; fH4X! IJustaWordWithYou!Daughters IA woman's organism is a very delicate thing it very easilygets out of order just like a delicate piece of machinery, itrequires more than ordinary care and attention.There are many signs which pointtodisorder,tSuchasheadaches, unaccountable pains in various parts of the body, listlessness, nervousness, irritableness,dizziness, faintness, backache, loss of appetite, depression, and many others.Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescriptionkhas been the means of restoring thousands of suffering women to natural healthand strength. For more than forty years it has" been successfully carrying onthis great work. Today it is known throughout the length and breadth of everyland. Women everywhere look upon it as a helpful friend. Let it aid you.Sold in liquid or tablet form by druggists, or trial box mailedyou rorzu cents from Ur. Pierce's Dispensary, Buffalo, N.Y.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate Stomach, Liver and Bowelsimmm'zHdussciir -r!J1 -TPWy Trrrwivifirmtrrti' wrrTT TryiTU'V'-imT-i'Tin rTpmrjm CTT!'r'HK"l'X'i;!''g;r'war3,.iaBIF YOU HAVE "AHOME TELEPHONEUse It For .YourLong Distanceas consistently as you do for your local business. Youcan reach the party you want quickly andget efficientservice at reasonablejrates over theHome Long Distance Lines.If u do not have a Home Telephone now, call theManager's office, 427, for rates and have itlinstalled.Ebe Paris Rome telephone and telegraph; o.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.rLEINIHAIN'SnsCASH SPECIALS!I25 pounds Purity Flour :..".'. .7550 pounds Purity Flour , 1.5025 poundslRed Cross Flour 7550 poundsJRed Cross Flour '. 1.5025.Tpounds Lancaster Flour 6550 pounds Lancaster Flour 1.3017 pounds Magnolia Flour " 3525 pounds Magnolia Flour 65Mason Fruit Jars, Rubber, SealingWax, Paraff ine.Stone's Silver Slice Cakes ReceivedFresh Every rvDay.T. G. LENIHAIN.Cash Grocery.Both Phones 2343fc''POPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGESunday,The Bourbon News'Established 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Pans, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year. ...$2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKETTHEATRICALFor Senator ,J. C. W. BECKHAM(Long Term)JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term)For CongressJ. CAMPBELL CANTRILL.CARRANZA CLOSESPORT OF VERA CRUZ.WASHINGTON, Sept. 1. Provisional President Carranza has orderedthe port at Vera Cruz closed, according to official advices Monday to theAmerican Government.Gen. Funston transmitted a longreport on the complications whichmight result, but the State Department officials were not inclined to regard it as an unfriendly action.During the Huerta regime, .VeraCruz was similarly closed, but foreign vessels paid little attention tothe order. Carranza's decree wouldprevent Mexican ships putting in atVera Cruzand, if enforced in an unfriendly way, might exact heavy penalties from foreign vessels enteringany other Mexican port after theytouched at Vera Cruz.Gen. Funston called attention to thepossibility that foreign ship ownersdesiring not to incur the displeasureof the Carranza administration mighthesitate to send cargos to Vera Cruz,diminishing the food supply of thecity.In some quarters there was a disposition to regard Carranza's attitude as one of resentment against thecontinued occupancy of Vera Cruz byAmerican troops, but the State Department officials did not share thisview. An interrpution in railwaytraffic between Vera Cruz and MexicoCity recently occurred, but as soon asGen. Funston announced that hewould keep all rolling stock in VeraCruz until traffic was resumed, theMexican authorities explained thatthey were using trains to transporttroops and immediately adjusted theschedules.Paul Fuller, personal representative of President Wilson, is due inMexico City, September 1, to discusswith the government the questionsrelating to the American occupancyof Vera Cruz, as well as differencesbetween Carranza and Villa.Although Administration officialshave not announced, their position inany formal way, it is generally understood . that recognition will be withheld until a complete agreement between the two chieftains has beenreached and arrangements made fora constitutional election."MOVIES" LIABLE TO ENCOUNTER DIFFICULTIES.. For the opening of B. F. Keith'sregular 3eason next Sunday afternoon, the management has arrangedto offer one of the biggest attractionsin the amusement world and one sureto create a sensation in Cincinnatiand vicinity. At a great expense andconsiderable difficulty the B. F. Keithbooking office has secured Mr. andMrs. .Vernon Castle themselves forone week only, in their own. andoriginal series of world-famous society dances. Mr. and Mrs. VernonCastle are known in every city anditown in America. They are the originators of the present craze for thetango, hesitation and the one-step.All the new dances now in vogue canbe traced back to the Castles. America's greatest society and even members of the European aristocracy,have bowed before the grace of theyoung couple, who, by their charmand talents, have won for themselvesan enviable position in the hall offame of the amusement world. Tohave secured the Castles for vaudeville is unquestionably a greatachievement for the .' F. Keith Vaudeville Theatres, and the B. F. KeithTheatre in Cincinnati will be the firsthouse to greet this pair on their tourof the country In the Keith houses.Mr. and Mrs. Castle will bring withthem all their old dances, and manyof their new. creations. It is predicted that their new dancess will becomethe rage for the coming season. Theyhave two new dances that will replace the tango, and which possessesall the grace and thrills of this dance,but which will not be open to censorby even the most fastidious.Surrounding Mr. and Mrs. Castlewill be an all-star Keith show, andone sure to create a great amount ofenthusiasm. There will be the SalonSingers in a glorious program ofclassical and popular music. Charlotte Ravonscroft, the beautiful andtalented singing violiniste, will be another big feature on this program.The comedy unmbers, and therewill be several, will be offered byFlanagan & Edwards, the famouslaugh-makers of vaudeville; Van Hoven, the "nut" magician, and Comfort& King, the screamingly funny entertainers. No animal act in the world offersas much genuine entertainment " asDurkin's Animals. Mr. Durkin hastrained his beasts in such a wonderful manner that they perform theirentire act without any direction onthe stage, and they produce the famous "Dog Village.-' The principalfeature of this sensational animal actis Bowzer, "the drunken dog."Augmenting this great show willbe motion ' pictures of news events inand about Cincinnati, bringing thebeautiful Queen City before the eyesof the audience as they sit in theirchairs. From all indication, thisopening program of the B. F. Keithseason should bo one of the greatestvaudeville shows ever seen in thatcity. (adv)?1)c03METAL SHINGLESAre tprmprootThey interlock and overlap in such a way that the hardest driving rain or sifting snow, cannot possibly get under them.Besides this they last indefinitely, and never need repairs.Another pointThey're very reasonable in first cosLYou canlearn all about them fromBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props. tTelephone No. 4. West 5 Street yjCHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC CHOLERA AND DIARRHOEA REMEDY"I advised the 'boys' when they enlisted for the Spanish war to takeChamberlain's Colic', Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy wim them, and havereceived thanks for the advice given," writes J. H. Houghland, Eldon,Iowa. "No person, whether travelingor at home should be without thisgreat romedy." For sale by all dealers. (adv-sept.)"l lT8We Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirt- Sjjjfwaists or anything in the iijlaundry line. That is whay TJ:made ihe Bourbon Lanndrt ffamous fo fine work and it (jdever goes brack on its repu- :tation. If you are particular ffabout how your linen is flfrlaundered, your custom is the hvkind we want as we like to Wappreciatee. foBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.KENTUCKYSEPT. 675cRoundTrip75c,x RoundTrip. - v SCENERYTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train lcaingat 10.50 am.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further information.H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.RECREATION MUSIC"Moving picture houses are liableto be confronted by another difficulty soon, owing to the .European war,"said manager Robt. Shea, of the Columbia Theatre, yesterday. "It is thematter of producing the carbonswhich are an important part of themoving picture machine. The carbons are imported in large quantitiesfrom Germany, and they are ofcourse, impossible to get now, andthe limited supply in the hands ofAmerican dealers will soon be exhausted. We use on an average nnna day and where we have a serialnict.nrft nf fmir nr fivo roolo if -f Irequires two carbons. I do not' lookfor a very serious shortage for t.liPI present, but, taking into considera-liuu cue large unmDer or picturehouses all over the United States,with the consequent heavy drain uponthe stocks of the supply houses, wemay in a few months be confrontedwith a very serious state of affairs.Not only is the carbon matter one ofour stumbling blocks, but there are.other things that have to be importedfrom Germany that come in the lineof picture work. Taken all together,it is notNa pleasant outlook for thebusiness."Another masher has been sent todura:ice vile. We have no sympathyfor this philandering member of theless deadly specie3 but it must beremembered that it was by "mashing" that "Juliet" met "Romeo."HEALTH PAST FIFTYCareful diet is of utmost importance tomen and women past fifty years of age;it keeps up their strength, and the oilfood in Scott's Emulsion is a nourishingfood, a curative medicine and a sustainingionic 10 regulate tne iuncuons.It contains the medicinal fats of purecod liver oil and science proves that theyfurnish twice as much energy as otherfoods then too, it creates pure blood,sharpens the appetite, relieves rheumatism, strengthens the body and alleviatesthe ailments due to declining years.Scott's is free from wines, alcohol orharmful drugs. Beware of substitutes.Weight? Yes, Wait? No."Now is the time to pla'ce your order for your Winter Coa!at Summer prices. .- w A FEW REASONS:1. We buy direct from the mines.2. We deliver direct from cars to your residence.6. We town our teams and can control deliveries.4. Our offiice is at the j ard and we see that you get the coalyou order.5. We have no solicitors; you get his commission in the better quality of coal.6. Every customer is satisfied with our coal delivery and become a booster.7. We never substitute.8. Many of our customers were burning the wrong kind ofcoal until advised by us.9. One a customer, always a customer.10. FOX RIDGE COAL is the coal that does the work.Dodson DentonParis, Ky.Yx:lit ShMun SL 83th Phones 140A&XHlagcfcvacsigaaeitCMjLjcjjiM sMusic Class.Mif Elizabeth Crutcher will beginher class in piano on the 8th of September. IS. T. Phone 276. aug-254tFor Rent.Street,1-room bonce on High.Jeering my recidoaoe.W-ao k J.'-W,. DAVIS.ad-Expert CarriagePainterMr. Percy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast 8 yers, has opened a shop at thecomer of Fouth and High Streets, andsolicits the patronage of those needing anythlmgnn his Ihie.Botk"PnoM-5S3.' Check your fall cough or cold atonce don't wait it may lead to serious lung trouble, weaken your vitality and develop a chronic lung ailment. Get a bottle of Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honeyto-day; it .is pure andharmless use it freely for Ithat fallI cough or cold. If the Baby or Children are sick give it to them, it willrelieve them quickly and permanently. It sooths the irritated throat,lungs and air passages. LoosensPhlegm, is antiseptic and fortifies the'system against colds. It surely prevents cold germs from getting a hold..Guaranteed. Only 25c at your Druggist.(adv-sept.)Popnlar Price ExcursionTo Cincinnati and ReturnSundaySept. 6, 1914,$1.50For the Round TripSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a. m.f returning ieoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m.TRAIN LEAVES 10 A. M.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAT137; NIGHT 299.Pans Odorhss Cleaning Co. tLet us Make that Last Winter's; Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your' clothes" home,and will wonder why you have not tried vjs hpfnro:AII Work Guaranteed Satisfactoryxrxcu ouu x.auies ranama ana straw Hats Cleaned andKeblockedito your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25cWe recommend a little "watchfulLow round trip Summer Touristtickets to all principal tourist pointsinx Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan'New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,j wasmngton and Oregon, -on sale dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct. 31, with very libera.1stop-over nrivileges. For further in.formation, call on or addressJ. K. SMITH; T. A.,i nrWHr HARRIS Atf.; -..?.; .-A.2 . fating" to "tne war lords of JIurope? t J W,. H.-HARRIS Agi s'OllleWV TaIIavu Plonni.tlim 6m-a Xfn..5i.. xrar...i. w ", r r ? jT !r V. ". """J"1", -DacKacne, neauacue anaAll'DAWS. VnHMtlntinw Vt1i it i folio -.!...J16T8 anr eha In nmv -noi-C nf tVia )wr- ; .-, 1i .. " T . W M1W .WM AMI, lutscu liuauiw UJQO.jrnemeue. At All Druggists.WMUmi REMEDY COMPANY.EMtlMft ., LttiftftM. Ky.FOR SALE. .One 3-horse-power gas or gasolinei'engine. Will sell cheap. Apply toHENRY GROSCHB. 1 "'V.-.FOR RENT, iCottar of thra roout an J kth 'VSevMtk 'Stnt CaM Hoo' mJ3M c p. T. Fbo m .,1 VV itv. VVXo- ;J'i yj.,-' ;.JTHE- BOUK80N NEWS VAWS, KY SEPTEMBER A' tg4,yr-?Curtis&Overby THE EFFECTDFBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite Attentionand Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pal:ronage Solicited.3Hotanal Bios.Barber Shop.Prompt and Courteous Attention to All Patrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.W R 0 AMERICAN FASHIONS.The Paradoxical Crinoline!- Dresses Reveals the Nar-. .. 'orowest of Under-" skirts.SLEEVELESS WAISTSAND LATE COIFFURESNE;W YORK, Sept. 3.The popularity of crinoline hangsin the balance. The war is stiflingParisian news and it will probably beup. to the American dressmakerswhether they follow the lines set by"Poiret, Doucet, and many otherFrench houses before the war depleted their ranks, or whether it will ben nprind of American creations designed for American women. It is anill wind that blows no one somegood, and this terrible conflict abroadmay mean the uprising of dominatingAmerican styles!lew Barber toCorner Fourth and MainModern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsJ. S- Wallingford, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Betveen Main and High,'Phones 31 PAtflS, KY.Dr. Wm. Penney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones jllResidenceHome 334.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician.Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - .- Kentucky fJ J. WILXjTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-IiAWEoom 1 Elks Building.CANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertaker 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the lydia E. Pinkliam.wledicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured say-t is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large fcox, or by mail.The Paxtoa Toilet Co Boston, Mass.HI IHllllllnlll2S iHHIHHlllKi' IHmlHninH. mmiHlillflliHHnMHHHaBwHiBBIinelv GTwhroidered .rat V'tke corner-txrtfVt r Onn.1 " Anltm ,AAXrcr r foTYMimine touch of daintiness. A large flatsailor 3hape, called by. the Parisians"canotire," is fonr with this costume.The wide flat trimmed sailor is thehat of the moment. It, is flat with alarge, round, -low crown. It is madeof straw, taffeta or velvet and trimmed" simply with a rose, a quill, or asnappy bow. The shape itself is suitable for as many diverse occasions asits trimming, or the material used inits making.The next illustration is of a modelin brown grosgrain taffeta, which isboth new and sma.-i. The .waist ismade with an overwaist which has arippling cape in the back. This .isworn over a plain waist which buttons down the front. A tunic, tuckedin groups of three around the waist,is worn over a tighter underskirt ofstriped taffeta, while a wide sash ofstriped taffeta ties with a large1 bowjust below the cape in the back.For winter suits and separate coatsthe pile fabrics, such as velvet, plushand the many imitation fur cloths,are most fashionable. For the verydressy afternoon costume a delicatepile material, combine.d with velvetor with a chenile striped fabric, isstunning. The basic material forthese stripes is usually chiffon or softsatin.Lace will be used this fall on afternoon as well as evening gowns.White cream lace tunics over blackare very good and often worn withthe fashionable basque waist of satin,or velvet. Net with satin or velvetbands are, also, smart and used in thesame way whether in black or white.The style of wearing the hair is decidedly changed from la3t seasonwhen the ears and line of the hair onthe neck and brow was invisible,' butnow the hair is combed straight fromthe back of the ears, leaving the earsexposed. To be absolutely correct inParis the hair should be drawn awayfrom the forehead, leaving it perfectly bare. Another way becoming tothe woman with a high forehead is tohave the hair parted on one side, motwaved at all, but drawn back fromthe face with a light, straight fringed bang falling over the forehead.THE; 'tMORATjORIUM' , 'r- rl W -s,War- Ha Resurrected a' LpngSuritdand- Verx Little Used, Word.WS-J-:fci. - .fZ-S-VUttHCHSHMk. aBH1J Bgfl ZjBsrr a vbh iVWSEKSa M E KBHthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thenome than rlcnr, steady light. Insurethis by jrettinsr the oil that burnsclear and cloan without a flickerdown to the Iat drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refiwvi to perfection.Oots no more than the InferiorHtikwasou oils-saves MONEY savesWo R K saves eves.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoil Oil Co.Lexington, Ky-Refinery at Wanen.JPa.Wc sell the celebrated "XoCarb",AtOn. ,.?r4Li?jBHHHHHMHHBiiHHHHIHflA Smart Dress Developed in Attractively Combined Plain and Striped Serge.Tie arrival of wider and fullerskirts cannot be denied, and many ofthem are held out by a heavy cordin the hem. Then there is the long,j full tunic, often made of lace with atighter- underskirt below. Around theedge of the tunic are wreaths of artificial roses. The waist is of lace and ;the line of the low ueck is outlined;by these same roses.The 1870 style of bodice which is.so stylish now is almost always seensleeveless. It lias a long waistlineand a strap over the tshoulder. Thiswaist conforms more "to. the figurethan the waist of a few months agoand has a lining of chiffon or verylight weight silk A striking gownof this type, which I have just seen,was made pf very soft silk. Thestraps which went over the shoulderswere not applied but in one with thedress and so 'ide that they droopedwell over the shoulder. About theround cut decolete neck was -an inchwide beaded band of jet. The sleeveless armhole bad a band of beadedinsertion, composed of a series oflong bugles placed crosswise, with xsmall bead on either end at .the edge.4A six-inch beaded girdle encircledthe waist drooping well over uie nips.The skirt had a long and plain tunic,fslightly fulled at the waist. Just beI low this was noticeable a tight fittingunaersiiiru -The modern crinoline dress is indeed paradoxical when one thinksthat although skirts seem tuller thereic ahravs a tieht slcirt underneath..In fact, in one of the late Frenchmagazines was shown a wonderfulgown of sheerest pale pink organdy,and showing through was the figureswathed from waist to ankle.The materials for fall suits includebroadcloth, gabardine, serge, prunellacloth and a new heavy cashmere.These materials are also used -fordresses, as shown in my first illustration, which is made, of plain darkblue serge and novelty blue sergewith a fine stripe of white upon it.The two materials are combmed-harmingly. Sleeves and double circular bands -are of the plain serge.uji i, inwor nart. of., waist andnuii i"v " f -skirt is of the stripesmm mmmsmMm3MMm1You need a dictionary to keep upwith the words and phrases which ai war resurrects. Here comes our ven-eiuuie Dut long buried friend "moratorium." "King George has signed a proclamation of moratorium," that is acable dispatch. All of us might- devoutly wish somebody would do asmuch in our individual cases that isto say, give us permission to postponethe payment of our debts.Applied to the Bank of England, amoratorium in effect means that itcan issue a larger amount of banknotes against a given amount of goldreserve. In short, the Old lLady ofThreadneedle Street may and will putouta big bunch of fiat money to appease hungry borrowers.It isn't the first time it has beennecessary for the British Governmentto help the Bank of England. During the whole period of the Napoleonic wars, or for twenty-four years, thebank lived by special legislation. In1847, again in 1857, once mbre in1866 and as late as 1900 at the timeof the Baring Brothers' stupendousfailure, the Bank of England had tobe" helped. ,In the last-named instance theBank of France came to its rescuewith a vast quantity of gold. Evena ten per cent discount rate thehighest in a century, fails to keepgold in the Bank of England. Therefore, the law governing its actions issuspended, and it may refuse to payout gold at any price, but in3teadpaywith its specially created fund.Both the Bank of France and theBank of Germany may, as they nowhave done,- stop payment of gold atany time. Napoleon ana t Bismarkrespective fathers of those institutions saw the political necessityof a quasi-Government institution'shoarding its gold when .sabers wererattling all over Europe.But we have a full-sized moratorium right here in the United Statesyea, even in Philadelphia. By lawour banks must have behind every $5note they issue a certain amount ofGovernment bonds.That Aldrich emergency money ofwhich has been spoken of, is now tobe turned loose, in moratorium cash.It is money outside the regular lawgood money backed by good securitiesbut not the bonds of Uncle Sam.When your house is on fire youdon't stop to filter the Water whichyou pou,r upon it.W iiuiii ii . niiiiiiiiii im tyummmmmmt-mmiitiiMimi Miii mm mtmmfzam-ty-. -. -- -KtSTAPLE & FANCYGROCERIES!ALSOAll the VegetablesOf the Season'.ofOUR LINE OFft..Canned Goodsj-t: VSLtrCannot Be ExcelledIN. A. MOORE.Sauer's Old Standuti--RHEUMATISM PAINS STOPPED.The first application of Sloan's Liniment goes right to the painful partit penetrates without rubbing itstops the Rheumatic Pains aroundthe joints and gives relief and comfort. Don't suffer! Get a bottle today! It is a family medicine for allpains, hurts, bruises, cuts, sorethroat, neuralgia and chest pains.Prevents infection. Mr. Chas. H.Wentworth, California, writes: Itdid wonders for my Rheufatism, painis gone as soon as I apply it. I recommend it to my friends as the bestLiniment I ever used." Guaranteed.25c at your Druggist.(adv-sept.)oGreatBargainSale&- V- ?.'V.- -cvnVp y QOTNOHTia. -Now :Going On!Greater igains thanfrOiaLhave ever tjCr".fore heard of iffiParis.KINDLY CALL ATThey say there are microbes inkisses. But any doctor will tell youthat healthy ice cream contains about4,000,000 microbes to the ounce. Soshoot the moon, girls.Twin Bios. Dspafiineoi Sfoie.Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky5DIZZY? BILIOUS? CONSTIPATED?McCxlx.Dr. King's New Life Pills will cureyou, cause a helathy flow of Bile andrids your stomach and Bowels ofwaste and fermenting body poisons.They are a Tonic to your Stomachand Liver and tone the general system. The first dose will cure youof that depressed, dizzy, bilious andconstipated condition. 25c all Druggists. (adv-seot.)See OurWindowDisplay.cv.Nw.i '-w.r"SnFOR LAST CALL ONA Dress of GroSgrain Taffeta y WithOver Blouse Having a Ripply Cape Back." The hair must show a high sheenin these new modes of wearing thehair, which only comes from constantgood care and much brushing. Thisstyle is called "aunaturel."Artificial flowers, especially roses,are used extensively on gowns aswell as on hats. Garlands of them arefestooned upon fluffy dresses of tulleor .lace. Thej" outline the low necksof evening gowns and loop-up sleeves,and hang in streamers from the girdles. A single rose of golden yellow,pink, or red, is the only bit of colorupon a gown of somber black or ilackand white. In fact a rose is not onlypermissible but quite an ultra .touchto many simple gowns. The smartestsnot, to nlace it is against the neckton the left shoulder, and it is quitestunning when placed at the end of afluffy Jiiche or in the middle of thefashionable Bernhardt ruche.WOMEN WHO AREALWAYS TIREDMay Find Help in ThisLetter.SUMMER SUITSValues Up to $16.50 For-t;;-m,$9.98jrt' .-t-UJKE McLUKE SAYS(Cincinnati-Ensuir,er.)It is the easiest think in the worldto be known as a Wise Man. Just letthe other fellows do all the talkingand then agree with them.A clock that isn't running is rightonce every twelve hours. And that ismore than you can say for a lot ofmen who are running.Women are very hard to pleasewhen it comes to clothes. But theyare not so particular about husbands.The old-fashioned-woman who usedto regard her husband as her Matenow has a da'ughter who, regards' her1 husband as her Meal Tfcket.Married men who tsow wild pats.Swan' Creek, Mich. "I cannot speaktoo highly of your medicine. Whenthrough neglect oroverwork I get rundown and my appetite is poor and I.have that weak, languid, always tiredfeeling, I get a bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound, and itbuilds me up, give3me strength, and restores me to perfecthealth again. It is truly a great blessing to women, and I cannot speak toohighly of 'it. I take pleasure in recommending it to others." Mrs. AnnieCameron, H.F.D., No. 1, Swan Creek,Michigan.Another Sufferer Relieved.Hebron, Me. "Before taking yourremedies I was all run down, discouraged and had female weakness. TtookLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and used the Sanative Wash, andfind today that I am an entirely newwoman, ready and willing to do my. housework now, where before takingyour medicine it was a dread. I try toimpress upon the minds of all ailingwomen I meet the benefits thej canderive from your ""medicines." Mrs.CHARLES Rowe, R. F. D., No(.,l,Hebron, Maine.If you want special advicewrite -to Ijydia E. Pinkliam Medicine Co., f confidential Iynn,Jffass. rourJetterwilbeoienpdV.reaDS gras3 widows..Dainty collar- This 'would tie fine world.if.wejftseftd and answered byarwcyaMin .strict aMrtUtoace.land poiaWeunW'of 'limen,reharn aU,talkedS litttri wejprayv f jod keld iAlso See Our Display of $1.00 .an&:. $1.50 Shirts, with Soft Collars to,Match. Choice NowBargains in All Departments.Twin.BrosClothing aid Shoe Department,L. WOLLSTEIIN, Prop.rjrONEIfiOPtf BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a. chick's throat curesSapes, A few drops in therfnklng -water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other cbick diseases. One50c bottle makes 13 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on VDis--easeaof TowJ" samLFREE.'-,-?r,i7"'feHandsome R e i -denceFor Sale;My residence "on Mt. Airy ' js forsale. One of the mpst modern Tioiiin Paris. Every convenience. Pro&tpective buyers are invited to inspectthe building and premises.(28jly-tf ) MRS. M. A. PATON -FOR RENT.My homa place opposite the Park.,Sair Grounds, now occupied by MrEd." Burlc.. Address "- i MRS: fcliAKNIE D. SHIBP;- vBMt-fcin Street,i "-?" Lcfctagton, Ky.-'5i- ,.,.-a4.$:?JZ-r4 '' -JrXlK&i4, 1UiV'THE BOURBON NEWS,V-vL ' fIm&esm&msssammmit ?-"msI JIMMlllllllllHlllllllllllHllltlMllHltHIHIII!j -PARIS GRAND10DEATHSTHURSDAY,55A. H. WOODS. PRESENTS"Potash & PerlmutterAn Up-to;Datc Garment in Three Pieces..Made By Our Special Designer, From Material in theFamousSaturday Evening Post StoriesBy Montague Glass.Trimmed With a thousand laughs and guaranteed tofit all sizes and ages. Direct from its second year at tiieGeo. M. Cohan Theatre, New York-City.Reserved seats on sale at Box Office of Alamo Teeatre,beginning Monday, Sept. 7, at 9 a. m. Secure your seatsin" advance.SCALE OF PRICES:Lower floor, $1.50 and $2.00; Balcony, $1.00 and $1.50;Gallery, 25c and 35c.. .Mrs. Casey, sister of Rev. FatherJames Cusack, formerly pastor of theParis Catholic Church, died at Ash-jlland, Monday, after a long illness.i i j. lie leiiittiua wcic iiitciieu. m AdU-land, Thursday morning.The funeral of Mr. John Bowen,formerly Assessor of Nicholas County, who died t in Windsor, Sunday,was held at' Carlisle, Wednesday.Mr. Bowen was the father of Mr.Edwin Bowen, of this city.TALBOTT.Mrs. Fannie B. Talbott, ont of thebest-known educators in the State,died at Sharpsburg, Monday afternoon, from the effects of a fall shereceived about a week ago.Mrs. Talbott, up until a few yearsago, was Principal of the SharpsburgSchool, which she operated so successfully that it was regarded one ofthe best schools in this section of theState.She is survived by three daughters,Mrs. Frank S. Allen, at whose" homein Sharpsburg she died; Mrs. BettieHowell, of Huntington, W. Va. andMrs. W. A. Johnson, of this city; andone son, Mr. Thomas Talbott, of Louisville, who is a well-lmown Sundayschool worker. Her husband and twochildren preceded her to the graveseveral years ago. She was an auntof Dr. L D. Best, of Cynthiana.Funeral services were held in thePresbyterian Church at Sharpsburg,Tuesday afternoon. The, remainswere taken to Danville, her old homeand were interred in the Danvillecemetery Wednesday.THEATRICAL.There is a laugh in every line of"Potash & Perlmutter," the famouscomedy of the cloak and suit tradethat manager A. H. Woods will pre-sent at the Paris Grand on Thursday,SeptemDer uin, uireci. num au acw ,ond year at the Cohan Theatre, New 4-York City. The three-act play is onelong riot of humor humor brokenIrom time to time by pathos and suspense enough to form a strong framatic contrast which holds the audience spell-bound until the very lastword is spoken.- Greggs' ImperialOrchestra -of the Colonial Theatre,Lexington, will furnish the music.Columbia Theatre To-Day.Four splendid reels of pictures willbe shown two from the Mutual service and two frtom the UniversalA talented musician is now play-in er the Dictures at The Columbia.Don't fail to attend to-day.IMHMUIII IIMIIIMHWolf, Wile & Co.formerly jouman, StrausexingtoCo.MOVES TO NEW BARBER SHOPRegctfcKng New Auturiin Suits,Gowns and Street Dresses.On account of the European conditions we desire toimpress upon our patrons the advisability of making earlyselectionsH. L. Clarke, the expert barber,"! has taken possession of his newly papered and painted DarDer snop, inthe Shinners building, on Main, between Seventh and Eighth streets.All modern fixtures and best of barbers; hot and cold bath; prompt service. Your patronage is solicited.1111111 ! -F ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! I' ! ! -I' !' ! ! ! ! ! ! ! '! -I' ! ! ! ! ! ! ! -I- ! !! ! ! '! ! ! 'I' !'MATRIMONIAL.TtlNGLING DAY ALMpST HERE.Children are now on their best behavior in anticipation of a real holiday treat on September 22, whenItingling Brothers' World's GreatestShows will exhibit in Lexington. Itis expected that this city will send' ore than its usual number of "sawdflt fans" to welcome this popularcircus.Singling Brothers promise manyjHJTelties and innovations and a "bigger and better everything" is the sloSUL Preceding the regular circusperformance the new spectacle of"Solomon and the -Queen of Sheba"irfll be enacted on the largest ,stagetin the world. This -mammoth 1,50ckaracter pageant cost $1,000,000 andthe costumes, scenery and stage properties are said to be a revelation ingorgeousness. Among the 385 arenicsets, are scores of equestarians including the Lloyds, famous EnglishTiers; the Borsinis, rolling globe artists; the Balkans, whirlwind ridersfrom the Balkan mountains; the fivehighest perch acts ever presented;Losing and wrestling kangaroos; five"herds of- trick elephants;. 50 clowns,20 families of aerialists and a magnificent horse show and speed tournament The menagerie " is larger andmore complete than ever and featuresmany animals nevev before exhibitedin America. A free street parade willbe given on the morning of show day.PREPARATORY SCHOOL TO OPENMy school will open on Monday,September 7th, 1914. Nunmber of pupils limited. Make application atonce for your children.MRS.FANNIEBELLE SUTHERLAND(28-3t)REMOVALS.Mr. and Mrs. Win. W. Hinton willmove to the Cypress street home ofMr. J. A. Bower about Sept. 10. Mr.and Mrs. L. M. True, present occupants of the property, will move totheir recently completed home on Sixteenth street.FOR BOYS AND GIRLS.BROWN CARTER.Miss Ruth. Brown, daughter -ofMrs. Kate Brown, of North Middletown, and Mr. Clauae Carter, son ofMr. and Mrs. Taylor Carter, of Frankfort, were married in that city Tuesday night.- Arrangements 'had been made forthe young woman to enter a boarding school, but instead' the marriagewas arranged for. The ceremonywas performed by Rev. H. G. Taylor,of the Methodist Church.HOLLIDAY VALENTINE.Announcement cards as followshave been received by Mrs. Geo. W.Judy, of Paris, sister of the bride, andother relatives and friends:"Mr. Albert Ross Holliday announces the marriage of his sister, Eleanor Wright, to Mr. James Edgar Valentine,-onSaturday, August the twenty-ninth,nineteen hundred and fourteen, in the City of New York. Athome after November first, 102 EastSeventy-fifth Street, New York."The bride will be remembered asan attractive daughter of the late Mr.and Mrs. John W. Holliday.SIZZLING WORDS!The best .school shoes to be foundfor boys and girls is at Feld's ShoeStore. (septl-tf)"i!I Medical Experts For Prohibition.A TIME TO GIVE THANKS."A link in the long chain of unfaithful and cowardly jailers has beenbroken by the jailer of Bourbon county, who defended a prisoner at therisk of his own life and shot to killwhen the mob bv-gan to Toughlyhandle him. The cowardly make-upof mobs was again displayed whenthe men fled in 4confusion after thejailer, single-handed, opened fire.There Was little excuse for the attempted lawlessness. The man wanted was a negro and was sure of thepunishment he deserved. It is regretable one of the- mob was killed,but if his death will put a stop tolynch law it will not be in vain.Jailer Farris has rendered a distinctservice to the majesty of the law andshown his regard for the sacrednessof an oath by furnishing an objectlesson to those who would take the.law into their own hands that theydo so at the peril of their lives. Allhonor to him." Col. W. P. Walton, inRichmond Climax.The fact is now well established that desirableimported fabrics in the most fashionable shades arealready scarce and many of them will not be obtainable later at any price.We are showing the very latest models that were sentover from Paris. There is a wide variety to choose fromand those who make their purchases early will congratulate themselves later. Beautiful New Suits in ChiffonBroadcloth, Gabardine and French Serges.$25.00 to $75.00.--Dresses in the new Basque effects, of Rich Satins andCrepe de Chines.VOCAL AND PIANO INSTRUCTIONMr. and Mrs. Albert H. Moreheadwill resume teaching on, Tuesday,Sept. 8. Miss Clara Belle Oneil willassist Mrs. Morehead in the pianodepartment. For terms, etc., inquire at the piano rooms at Morehead Piano Co., 606 Main street. ItTHE NEW Y. M. C. A.Revised plans and specifications forthe proposed Y. M. C. A.building, tobe erected in this city, have been received and turned over to the vari-It would be a chastening and bene- contractors, and the Board of Di-ficial experience for the critic3 of rectura W1" " Llie "- ,U11 w"$19.75 to $35.' Smart Street Dresses in Seres and Satin Combinations,with touches of White Pique,$13.50 to $35.00.Clean-Up Prices on all Remaining Sum-mer Dresses, Skirts and Waists.WOLF, WILE & CO.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, ' KentuckyAlienists and neurologists study and administer to theunfortunates which crowd our hospitals and asylums.Thesemen are experts. Their experience is large. Theycome in contact with thousands of insane and others needing special medical attention and inquiring into causes.They know the effect of numerous excesses on the mindand body. When these experts speak what they say carries weight. They are not faddists. They have to dealwith facts.A few weeks ago the national convention r of? thesemen were held in Chicago. The resolution they adoptedis as follows:Whereas, in vthe opinion of the alienists "and neurologists of the United States, in convention assembled, ithas been definitely established that alcohol when takeninto the system acts as a definite poison to the brain andother tissues;Whereas. The effects of this poison, are directly or in. directly responsible for a large proportion of the insane,epileptic, feeble minded, and other forms of mental,moral and physical degeneracy; and,Whereas, The laws of many states makealcohol freelyavailable for drinking "purposes, and therefore cater tothe physical, mental and moral degeneracy of the people;Resolved, That we unqualifiedly condemn the use ofalcoholic beverages and recommend that the various stateLegislatures take steps to eliminate such use, and; and beit furtherResolved That organized medicine should initiate andcarry on a systematic, persistent propaganda for the education of the public regarding the deleterious effects ofalcohol; and be it furtherResolved, That the medical profession should take thelead in securing adequate legislation to the ends' hereinspecified.Dr. Frank I. Drake, of Madison, Wis.7, asserts his belief that 60 per cent of the convicts are led . to prison bydrink. He said that crime has it3 inception in vagabonds.and incorrigibility, and that of the 727 admissions intothe Wisconsin penitentiary iiuring 1912 and 1913, 42 percent admitted the use of liquor to excekss and only 7 percent denied the use of itIf you really want to know the truth, hear Dr. HenryClay Morrison at the Court House Sunday at 2:30 p. m.,and Dr. Geo. 'Stuart, the famous lecturer, Monday at 2o'clock. . "(Advertisement)President Wilson's- Mexican policy tosit down and go over their criticismsof a few weeks since, says the St.Louis Repuhlic. Where would- theworld be if the United States andMexico were at war to-day?At this moment all mankind turnsto the United States. Never before inthe history of the race has a peoplefaced such a responsibility. With theSix Great Powers of Europe alreadyat war or trembling on the verge, thisnation is the center of the world'shopes. The great ships of the SevenSeas seek asylum in our harbors; nations facing panic stretch out theirhands to us for gold; we shall becalled upon to feed the hungry, to domany a gracious deed to those needing the offices of the Good Samaritanperhaps to mediate between bleedingand exhausted foes. And we are inposition torespond to these appeals,to preserve 100,000,000 of our ownpeople Vn prosperous security, because our hands are clean 'of bloodand ve are at peace with all theworld.Suppose we had been engaged in awar of subjugation in Mexico, willall its colossal economic waste, whenwe were called upon to sustain thetottering business structure of the'world. Suppose, to-day, the whole ofSouth America were one red blaze ofindignation because of our invasionof the territory of a atin-Americanpeople. Suppose our financial structure, along with the strain of the moving of enormous corps and the incidental disturbances from overseas,September 10The building as now proposed willhave a frontage on Main street of 68feet, with a depth of 105 feet. Thebuilding will be of three stories, andwill have a modern equipped gymnasium, swimming tank and showers.The actual work on the building willstart soon.The building will occupy the lot onMain street, adjoining the St. CharlesHotel, and will be one of the handsomest structures in the city.vI"Xl"'I"'I'Mii,,I,I,I"II,"II"i,tIMII"I,'II"I,tIiIl'4Mv'M"M"l"I"t'PROHIBITION AND TEMPERANCEWords to the Wise.If George Washington could own a brewry and be a gentleman, tnere is no reason wpy you cannot be a. good citizen andvote against prohibition.goodA great many people confuse Prohibition with temperance, and in thisway are mislead into believing that ifWinchester should vote "dry" in thecoming local option election, thecause of temperance would be greatly advanced in the community. As amatter of fact, this conception of thesituation is entirely raise, as there islittle connection between prohibitionand temperance. "v1rou can lead ahorse to water, but you can't makehim drink." And you may prohibit aman from drinking, but you can'tmake him quit. . -The only way in which the cause oftemperance can be promoted effectually is. by the education of the individual. If an appeal to a man's moralcharacter does not PREVENT hisdrinking, then there would be littleuse to PROHIBIT it. A man is inmany respects just a grown up boy.Forbid he lad admission- to the pantry, and he will risk the worst lickingof his life for a taste of jam. Andmnrii'n woio-Viar! wi'h tlio noooccifir nffinancing a costly war, with all ? ifc is with a man' with regard tocniirpPB nt intprrmrinnm n.rpnir nripn "'""up. Supose there were no abode ofhigh civilization on either continent,no single nation of wealth and powerto whom the hope of mankind mightturn as the abode of peace. Is it nottime to give thanks for the patientwisdom of the President?COLUMBIA'S NEW PIANIST.There's music in the air now at every performance at the ColumbiavTheatre, for there's musician ' ofdecided talent and ability presidingat the piano. Miss Gladys Overmire,of Indiana, a sister of Mrs. H. M.Hamilton, is the new director.Those patrons of the Columbia,whose sense of harmony has beensadly disturbed by the vicious onslaughts made on the unoffending instrument by other performers, willgladly welcome the advent of an ac-Dr. William Osier, a noted physician of the Johns Hopkins University, has declared in one of his famousmedical books that "more people dieevery year from intemperance in eating than in drinking." Therefore itwill be seen that to prohibit a manfrom drinking because some men imbibe too freely is no more reasonablethan to prohibit the sale of certainarticles of food because that particular article "does, not agree" withsome individual.Temperance is temperance in eating, in amusements in every kind ofhuman self-indulgence, as well as indrinking. Any intemperance cannotbe prevented by legislation, and prohibition cannot be made to prohibit.It would be a misconception of theliquor problem to attempt to control1 the personal habits of any man. by alaw prohibiting the sale of liquor.I The law does not prohibit a mantrim rill cnorl nnrl tQlontPri mimiionsuch' as Miss Overmier has proven to'(frm B?Y!?G ajl he H?Ur he11.can.be. Miss Overmire assumed, her hewduties Wednesday afternoon.NEWTIRM-Mr. Howard W. Snell, who recentlypurchased the farm of Mrs. Mary McLeod, near Hutchison, has disposedof his, interest in tke grocery business tof Snell & Wood, to Mr. VictorSnell, of Paris, and will go to hisfarm to reside. Mr. and Mrs. VictorSnell moved this week to Hutchisonto reside. ,GO TO WINTERS'.'.,?Goto Winters' for .good value goodsT feget only the dealer from selling.And what is more reasonable to suppose than that the man who buys willgo to a' dealer in some other townwho is not prohibited from selling.And what town is -closer and "wetterand greedier than Lexington.Lexington reached out and drew toherself the Burley Tobacco Society,which had been nourished in tis infancy and "taught to walk" by Winchester. And the business men ofthat city doubtless chuckled in theirsleeves at the ease with which theydid it. Shall we again be the "easymarks" and,, witless cupes of Lexing-x fir: !, o..nVOii. w iui;ut;stei ouu. -CAdvertisement.) -' iWhen our dry friends tell their audiences that West Virginiawent dry by 93,000 majority, why do they not tell them thatthe up-to-date progressive cities of that State, without a singleexception voted wet by overwhelming majorities?. .Wheeling, themetropolis of the State, rejected prohibition by 5,000 majority.It was the dry backwoods counties, populated by moonshinersboot'.'egers and people with. childish minds, that overcame thewet majorities in the cities and putWest Virginia in the "dry"column.Prohbition does not keep' the city clean from the things thatdebauch youth... On the contrary, it breeds sneaks, liars, hypo;crites, perjurers and petty criminals, any one of which is agreater menace to morality than the worst drunkard. A manmay, once in a while, misjudge his capacity and be a gentleman, but a sneak can never be anything but a SNEAK. A gentleman may take a drop too much, and still be a man of truthand honor, but a liar forever traWs the royal standard of manhood in the dust. A good fellow, in the excess of joy over thebirth of a son, or a successful business or political venture, maytake on a load that he cannot carry and still be loyal -to friendship, a soul of honor but to be a successful hypocrite he mustmurder manhood and DRIVE VIRTUE FROM HER THRONE.A dry orator in a cpeech some, time ago said: "75,000 die-annuallyof alcoholism in America." Uncle Sam keeps a record ofdeaths-from.aH causes, and he says less than 3,000 die annually., .The gentleman separated himself from the truth by 72,000. Our dry friends should get together and agree upon some certain number to die annua'ily of alcoholism in this "land of theifree and Home of the brave." None of them place the numberat less than 50,000. The author of the bill for nation-wide prohibition declares 700,000 is the correct number. The rest arescattered along between the' lowest and highest 'assertion."(advertisement)?z5-f.44:XroS&&8!ji. ..... &" a... ras.5n.-r&rwjmtrwTffpv-HAS THE IESTOF ALL LINES MAOSOCIAL ANO PERSONALNOTICE.City tax lists for theyear 1914 are now inny hands for collec-t-tnnat mv office athe Deposit and Pco-iS" Monnle Goddard,H C. K THOMAS,tf City Collector.Mr. Charlton Clay has returnedfrom a stay at Les Cheneaux, 3lick.Mrs. J. S. Wilson and childrenhave returned from a sojourn d inMichigan.Mrs. Edith Alexander Bronstonhas returned from -. visit in NewYork City.Miss Patsie Clark has returnedBUYS HOME IN VERSAILLESMrs. Lillian H. Ramsey has sold'ier house and lot in Versailles to Mr."8. B. Florence, formerly of .this city,Alio, with his family, will occupy theproperty.SCHOOL SUITS.Start you. boy off right Monday;nd buy him a school suit, atAt MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S.SERVEDFREE TO-DAYAND TO'-MORROW.Post Tavern Porridge, three in one,to-day and to-morrow, at our store,-y a special lady demonstrator. Evrv one invited,tit) C. P. COOK & CO.NEW COTTAGE.The contract for a modern framecottage to be erected on Fithian Avenue, in White Addition, has been lety Mr. Chas. R. Turner. It will adjoin the residence recently erecteduy Mr. Turner.READ EVERY PAGE.Owing to the unusual press of ad.ertising upon our pages this week,'oiuch news matter of an interestingmature is unavoidably crowded out.Still there is something worth reading on every page. Try it.FALL STYLES.Stetson and Dunlap new Fallstyles, at4-tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S.C. W. q. M. METING.The August meeting of the C. W.B. M. will be held this aftenoon at2:30 o'clock in the parlors of theChristian Church. Mrs. J. W. Hay-Mrs. Samuel Houston and Mrs.Jos. Houston, Jr., are at MammothCave for a short stay.Miss Mattie Lilleston left Mondayfor Hawkinsville, Ga., where she willteach a class in music.Miss Julia Clarke will leave today for Jenkins, Ky., where she willteach school this season.Miss Mary Nell Finnell, ofGeorgetown, is the guest of her sister, Mrs. Fayette Ardery.Mrs. Frank Burns has as guestMiss Lillian Alexander, of New York,a well-known trained nurse.Mrs. R. A. Mc Adams and Mr.Reed McAdams have removed to Paris from Cynthiana to jreside.Mr. and Mrs. Whife Varden havegone to housekeeping in the Lillestoncottage on Ferguson street.Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Stern havereturned from an ' extended trip inCanada and at Mt. Clemens, Mich.Misses Mayme and Bess Holladay have returned from a visit tofriends in New York and New Jersey.Mrs. Mary Paton and grandson,Ed. Drane Paton, are visiting Mr.and Mrs. Percy Reed, in Richmond.Mr. and Mrs. .. Lee Mastersonhave returned from a visit to Mr.and Mrs. C. C. Robbins, in Winchester.Mr. Duke Brown will leave nextweek for Chalottesville, Va., wherehe will attend the University of Virginia. Mr. Forrest Hayden, who has! been gueit of Mr. Lawrenco Ilorton,has returned to his home in Columbia, Mo. i 'Mr. and Mrs. William Cooperhave moved from High( Street to theRoche property on Pleasant street,near Fourth.Mr. and Mrs. Henry L. Terrillleft Wednesday for a Visit to Mr. Terrill's mother, Mrs. M. A. Terrill, atOrange, Va.Mr. R. L. Bragg, of Roanoke, Va.,is a guest of his war-time comrade,Mr. Wm. B. Tinsley, of the Paris Gas& Electric Co."Bill-Smith," S of St. Louis, VicePresident of the Paris Gas & Electric Co., is a visitor in the city, theguest of friends.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft and MissHelen Hutchcraft are in Ashland atJOMNSON UNABLE TQxAPPfR- " - TThe examining frial- of , BeverlyJohnson, the" negro- who is : chargedwith breaking into the residence ofEngineer- Henry Meade," on 'South'Main Street early last Saturdaymorning, and whose defense from amob by Jailer Jos. Farris the samenight at the jail cost the life of theUeader of the mob, was called forWednesday, but continued. Johnson'sinjuries were 'such that he was unable to appear, and he is still in acritical condition from the effects ofthe wounds inflicted with a hatchetby Mr. Meade.'It has been intimated from a number of sources that when Johnson, isable tptalk he will maice some startling disclosures- entirely differentfrom tlie accepted version of theaffair at the Meade aome. It is saidthese disclosures wll make the action of the mob that sought his lifelook all the blacker and unjustifiable.MASONIC LODGE' MOVED TOQUARTERS IN -NEW HOME.. 1.I mi. ...JIT V., rrien is cuwriuau. xu win uc , tending the state Convention of theanimation day, and the last meeting , , . .? nilllwllin the mission year,ance is desired.A full attend-The Masonic lodges of Paris, whichhave been housed in the Wilson building, corner of Main and Third streets,were moved to thei new home in theMasonic Temple, (Elks' Rail)' Tuesday night. The new rooms have beenfitted up in first-class style and arenow in readinessfor the use of thevarious branches of the order.If a woman can't dig up a row anyother way she will start a battle withher husband about the best way tomake Home Happy.WORK CURTAILED.According to local telephone mentelephone extension work is beingkept at a minimum now on accountof the war in Europe and on accountof agitation for Government ownership of the lines. Many men havebeen laid off temporarily until conditions adjust themselves.CHANGE 0 HOURS.?PfiPALL STYLESateeawMgi. "'nn "i mv u J" ' 'H899- Manhattan and Wilson Broi.' newfall hirts-vjut in? at? ' -4-tf MITCHELLS BLAKEMORE'S.Bank Stock For SaleI will sell at public auction onMONDAY, SEPTMEBERT, 1914,(Court Day) at 11 o'clock a. m., atthe court house door in Paris, 10shares of the capital stock of theFirst National Bank of Paris.M. F. KENNEY,(4-lt) Autioneer.m9n9um9immm0mmmmmiFor Sale or Trade.5-passenger car, in perfect repair.Will trade for anything of value. Apply toC. P. MANN, Paris, Ky.(4-lt)Strayed or Stolen.From my place in Paris, on WestSeventh street, a bay mare, 16 handshigh, right hip knocked down, smallscar on back. Will pay liberal rewardfor information leading to recovery.Cumberland Phone 897TOM CAIN, Paris, Ky.WE HAVE TAKEN AFALLOUT OF OUR PRICES.1has8 toRathbone Lodge, K. of Pchanged hour of meeting from7:30 p. m. The change became effective last night.BUY NOW.You save 25 per cent, off by buying from Winters' now. (tf )MOONLIGHT 30ATING PARTIES.FOR RENT.Modern cottage with four roomsand bath. Possession given Septemoer 15th. For further information,call at the News office.Christian ChurchMr. and Mrs. Wm. Dudley hadas guests Sunda.y Mr. and Mrs. Frank jShackleford and son, Earl, ana MissMattie Hite, of Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. James Edgar Valentine, of New York, are the guests ofthe latter's sisters, Misses Emily andCarrie Hqlliday. and Mrs. Geo. Judy,in this city.Owing to the rise in the creek wewill be able to handle boating parties of any size.CHIPPEWA CLUB.(sept-4-lt) s E. T. Phone 55.Monuments, Etc.headstone or monument, see all competitors in business, get their pricesand then the figures of W. J. Laughlin, the old, reliable monument dealer, 25 per cent, below all competitors, and then place your order withhim for fall and suring delivery. Ad-PREPARE FObFALLBuy your Gas Heaters now Jat special reduced prices Sfor cash. JEverything guaranteed. 2Nothing charged.HEADY FOR THE f Atl)WITHThat Are a Pride to the Owner.Feld's Shoe Store has long been known for honesty and square dealing. Every pair of Shoes' wsell are right or we make them right.THE PRICE IS RIGHT- AND THE STYLE AND COMFORT, ALSO.We are the only Shoe Store that can fit youperfectly and to your entire satisfaction. Try usthis Fall and be convinced.Feld's Shoe Store.A Family HistoryPARIS GASHELECTRIC CO.Ancestor Max Jukes, 'born in New York in 1720; was alazy drunkard. Of his descendants 1,200 were' proved tobe occupants of penal and Charitable institutions before I1874 Not one was "ever elected to public office and notvone ever served in the army or navy, or in any way "helpedpublic welfare. On the contrary, they cost society morethan $1,000 each, or a total of $1,200. Three hundred andten were in poor houses, 2,300 years in all; 300. one in fourof his descendants, died in childhood; 440 were viciously'diseased; 400 were physically wrecked early by their ownviciousness; 50 more were notorious women; 7 werte murderers; 60 habitual thieves; 130 ware convicte'd for miscellaneous crimes."The deeds of the fathers are debts of the sons."How do you stand with your conscience on, the Miquorquestion?Vote dryj you will be happier.BOURBON'S "PEACH'.' CROP.Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Terrill, Mrs. aress mm at irans, ivy., or see mmTn,pc whnlP.v. Miss Sena Rion and,! at Windsor Hotel every County""" 1 . iBourbon ! their nephew, Vertin Rose, have Te- Court day.The "peach" crop of Bourbon """ -'.. ..'to nlnrk,county .is the finest taowntor years ---reminding one ol oiu tim :nCxx - Wnffman Wood, ofiJT-kTr hoan. Am-. " !.. ii.iux ""-"" I -i.(4-lt).uau'lTj. oi ij ,V., Vioira hoan cnonrliricr M m W J Mtiful and luscious "peaches" are sel- -"" " "Tn Hn i wiem-1 llC V Ull ttat have been "- - rf;Rattending the sessions of the tfour- i,f "r "vT.,i, ar. -u t'peaches" never failedluscious ywwKa "; fiirPp.Wp.ftvR' vacation trio in Flemdom seen than those tnat nave Deen ; - , oe ,ro viitinljon Countythis city this week.are visiting Ii- TTr.v n1m. "Tk TJ Plav Wlm.Teachers' Institute in f f w """ '- . - ";v r.J "TV vmi ?p.t ns?M.v auu 1-ttl""J,.1" "" ' ISCHOOL OPENS MONDAY.The biggest stock of boys' sdhoolsuits and shoes, at4-tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S. J evening.ATiRp.s Matilda James, Frances, Champe and guest, Miss Lucile Rob-erts, or ienaerson, xvy. """ iUCOOl-spears,Treland Davis and EdwardMrs. Swift Champe were guests orFrankfort friends for the dance lastMR. TALBOTT ADMINISTRATOR.Sheriff W. F. Talbott has been appointed administrator of the estate ofthe late Sallie Grimes Talbott, andqualified in 60,000 Uond, with Robt.C. Talbott and Wm. H. McMillan assureties.The estate consists of 50,000 lite v-11( came over from tnat city yesHart Chapter, D. A. R., of Win-chestre, at its recent meeting, passedappropriate resolutions on the deathof Mrs. Robert C. Talbott, wJio wasRegent of the Jemima Johnson Chapter, D. A. R.,'of Paris, and was wellknown in Winchester.Mrs. Mary D. Ingels, formerlyof Paris, and now residing m uau-49c a dozen for 1-qt. Mason FruitJars, Pints at 59c a dozen.-14-qt. Tin Dish Pans, 10c.Preserving Kettles, 40-qt. size, inEnameled Steel Ware, each 75c.Fruit Jar Rubbers, 2 doz, for 5c.THE FAIR.KODAKinsurance, and other personal properiv, and several valuable tarras located in different parts of Bourboncounty.BIG 'STOCK OF SCHOOL SHOES.For Boys' Girls' and Children, atlowest prices.DAN COHEN'S GREATEST SHOESTORE.TROUBLE FOR "OUR GIRLS."Trouble will now -jegin in earnestfor Paris girls. The wholesale druggists have announced to the retailterdnv in comDany with her son-in-law. Fv. F. J. Cheek, and spent the'day". Sirs. Ingels, who i3 now in hereifelity-eigiith year, is a sister of Mr.Geo. W. Davis.Prof. M. C. Quillian, of WesleyanCollege, at Macon, Ga., arrived inParis last Saturday. He has spentthe entire summer -at the Universityof r.hicaeo doing advanced work.iHe and Mrs. Quillian, who has beenvisiting her parents, Rev. ana iurb.W. F. Brown, on South Main street,will return to Macon to-day.Cynthiana Democrat: "Misses .R,,hv Oder and Hazel Brewslanghspent the day in Paris last Monday. . .hertrade that on account of the war m j Mrs. W. K. Griffith has been visiiingEurope they have been compelled to ier daughter, Mrs. J. I. fcnarrara, mmake a sharp advance in the price ofParis Mrs. J. W. Dickey, of Fans,rouge and other chemical beauty-pro-1 spent the day uuesuay ii.uducers. Many who have heretofore . daughter, Mrs. John Reynolds.o a tropts with rosv vranirfnrt. State Journal: Mrcheeks will have to come down town i Milier Ward, of Paris, is visiting hiswith only a little dab from the flour brother, Mr. J. Q. Ward. ...MsNinai 1 i,:.. iiiaoi-c Tnn bad. tjotqItmo-p- and sisters. Miss Daisy. . .... . 1 t I nirrllf ?-r-r- T.nillSVllllgirls, but there's no help in sightFOR CASH ONLY.School books will be sold to everyone alike--for cash only. Don't askfor credit, as you will be refused.Send the CASH by the children. Weare merely agents. .(4-2t) PARIS BOOK STORE.MR. EWALT HURT.While assisting in removing theparaphernalia of the Masonic Lodgefrom' its old quarters in the Wilsonbuilding to tfie new rooms in theMasonic Temple, Tuesday night, Mr.Samuel Ewalt fell from the ironsteps in front of Freeman's barbershop, sustaining severe cuts aboutthe face and eves and bruised oneHe was remove uHazelrigg, of Louisville.- and Mrs W.R. Scott, of Paris, have returned froma ten-days' stay at Dawson Springs.Georgetown Times; "Mr. J. Willie Hall was the guest of Mr. IrelandDavis and attended the dance Fridaynight at Paris.... Mrs. J. K. Nunnelley spent Saturday as the guest ofMrs. W. A. Harp, at Paris, on her wayhome from Millersburg...Miss MasieSaloshin, of Paris, is the guest otr.- T7T,riir.n Mnrcrolen Mrs. ue-wees Williams attended the funeral jof Mrs. Robert C. talbott, ac rau.1U Nicholas Advocate: "Misses Agnes and Catherine Clancey have returned from a visit to relatives int: TUice Dannie Ingels, of Parib,arrived 'yesterday for a visit to theroiiU' nf Mr. BOOne liigeiRnrr Oele and twoOn Your VacationYou Should Take aKODAKThey will enjoytaking picturesthe simple, easyKodak Way.i wIncorporated. S X$-.I JMtsJ)ouht&rthe M&L Ii Therefore . " !Z X'Si(Mrschildren, of"arm ana snouiuer. xac - ,i-ano, " ," j mii nioii Tur-to the home of his daughter . Air, rjs week. . ;uu"rm ofThomas McDonald, where he is doingmcelvFPR REMT.Office rooms, all. conveniences.Centrallv located. "" in D&ugherty. .. i -r iTr i KPniiH.nvt-:: -.rioii-ofi vi is. v . .i Mr an: tvt nnd Mrs. Sims WllSOU, ulParis, attended th raneral ol Mrs.pnnnio Talbott. in auaip&uub, --, . c Arris. Wiesins visited inD. 'M. Tribble,davn : -vTrtTifiiv .MrsParis; Visited relatives in this cityMonday." ;v ( Other Personals on Page 8)You will be gladto have a picturestory of vacation 'days.KODAKS, $5.t0 up. yBROWNIE CAMERAS, they worklike Kodak; $1.00 to $12.00.We useDaughertyBros, ,That which you buy should be worth buying.every endeavor to keep a stock of theVery Best Fur nitre, Rugs.Wall Papers 'and will be much pleased to have YOU come and- investigate. We handle nothing second hand.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance-Wood MantelsMcDougal Kitchen Cabinets.Foster Bros. Safety Crib '?wLBuildi.' '-L"v.iMA(It)t'i.v -? r -9,-Sry.Vi. V"75f?"'VT5S:s.-i. r.jyf7S -,vtiS ?-&;bats.:-r ffmmm-9ES3E35SCimmmmmJob PrintingWORK DONE .WHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!EAKtY NEWS BULLETIN,y' WfflOM ,EUOPEAFKWAR..1&-jpACvTRE J9B R0OfflS OF-. ..THEByRB0NNEWSAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,. LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork. iOur type is new and modernfaces. - , ' iVOk Bourbon nw$,104 Issues a Year for;$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and made ?known on application.vfc iITALY VERGES N WAR. ,PARIS, Sept 1 Itals on the eveof entering the World, war. TheParis Temps says that Turkey, spurred on by Germany, is ready to attack. Greece in order to regain herlost islands and Saloniki.An Italian r war declaration againstTurkey must follow inevitably because Italy would not tolerate the alternation of the Mediterranean equilibrium in favor of an ally of Germanyand Austria.s liaiy a lit: ei, is icaujr wi imiueuiaxoaction, and she has 500,000 men inarms. ' .H will :etaMih an aeroplane schoolfor pilots, and' wflf inttrqet them ;ithe business of bomb dropping.' ' "'DESIRES"PATRIOTIC' tfNCE."RETIC-RUSSIANS DEFEAT ATJSTRIANS.ROME, Sept. 1, (via London, 9:55p. m.). The Messagero publishes atelegram from Sofia, Bulgaria, whichsays the Austrians have suffered anirreparable defeat, at Zamose, inRussian Poland, fifty miles southeast of Lubin.BOMB DROPPED v.ON PARIS.PARIS, Sept. 1., (6:20 p. m.). AGerman biplane passed over Paris at4:30 o'clock Monday afternoon anddropped a projectile, which, however,did not explode.BRITISH CHECK FOE'S ADVANCEWASHINGTON, Sept. 1. Seventythousand Brtish ' troops for ' threedays held in check 200,000 Germantroops until relieved by French reinforcements, according to information received here Monday throughneutral diplomats. The advices didnot give the place of the battle.Although the German forces brokethrough the British lines inmanyplaces the English held their own until French re-inforcements arrived,and then retired in good order.Military experts of the allied forceswere reported to have been greatlyencouraged by the manner in whichthe British forces withstood the superior forces of the enemy. The information came from Paris throughdiplomatic forces.LONDON, Sept. -1. Premier Asquith publicly reprimanded the London Times in the House of CommonsMonday afternoon for having published a dispatch which created excitement Sunday morning.'"The publication ' of this dispatch,"said the Premier, "seems to me a regrettable exception to the patrioticreticence which the press as a wholehas shown up to the present, and Itrust it will not recur." ,GERMAN CRUISER CHASES JAPLINER.SAN FRANCISCO; Sept. 1. TheJapanese liner Cniyo Maur, which arrived here Monday, reports that onthe night of August 29 she waschased for four hours by a Germancruiser, but escaped by crowding allspeed.The cruiser appeared fronwthe rearabout 8:30 p. m. ad threw a beamfrom her searchlight on the Chiyo'sstern. Captain Green detailed an extra force of stokers and soon wasmaking 20 knots. At this speed hebegan to draw away from the pur?suer and was able to keep out ofrange of the cruisers bow chasers.Shortly after midnight the last gleamof light from the cruiser was swallowed in the night and the Chiyo,shifting her course, was able to makeeood her escane.. She appeared offthe American coast that morning farnorth of the trade route and huggedthe three-mile limit to port.MlMWMIMllimiIIIIIIIIIMIH1lt nThe HigginlanntectBriDg Co.Window and Door Equipments?""T. A. HENDRICKS, Sales Agent, .Lexington, y.4The Higgin All-Metal Weather Strips for Windows and Doorsare a real economy because they reduce the fuel bill, keep outthe dust, ssto and rain.They stop absolutely the air currents coming around the sashand make the room more comfortable... They are durable and apermanent addition to the window.Estimates wl'il be cheerfully furnished without charge and without obligation to buy.Better let up Strip your house and make it more comfortablenext winter and at the sam time cut dawn that fuel bill.We have furnished screens for hundreds of satisfied Bourbonfamilies. We refer you to the following families in Paris, whohave used our AK-Metal Weather Strips and are pleased: Woodford Spears, W. W. Mitchell, W. R. Slakemore, A. J. Winters,Thos McDonald, Geo. W. W ilder, Ed. Tucker, R. C. Talbott andtoo numerous to mention.4T.A. HENDRICKSSALES AGENT,264 RAN AVENUE,LEXINGTON, KY.GERMAN LINE LENGTHENED.PARIS, FRANCE, Sept. 1. Thesteady retreat of the allied armies inNorthern France and the Government's refusal hereiorore to send tothe front thousands of able-bodiedmen seem to point to the followingconclusions, according to supportersof Fran'ce's defensive policy:By retreating to the present secondline of defense the French shortentheir front and foil the German attempt to flank them. The further theGermans are drawn into the countryBRITISH STEAMER IS SUNK BYGERMAN CRUISER.NEW YORK, Sept. 1. The Britishsteamship Holmwood has been sunkby the German Cruiser, off the coastof South America, according to a cablegram received here by the owners of the Katherine Park, which hasthe crew of the ship aboard. Thecablegram, which was from Rio Janeiro, did not state the lime or place ofthe sinking, nor did it- give the nameof the German cruiser, probably the"Dresden.BERLIN EXCITED.BERLIN, Aug. 16. (By Mail viaSwitzerland.) Up and down thepavements and the central gardenavenue the Berlin people now paceall day and some of the night. Theyare intensely excited but they donot shout or clamor and no one singsa speech.Telephone, 2585.'I,,IMM,I,,,I"i"I"I"?'frtIi'j"frfr'frfrNOTICE TO THE PUBLIC,I am pleased to announce to my'many patrons and to the public generallythat, after being closed since May 1, 1914, I have again resumed the Junk Business."TCvprv now and then a band of stu-the harder it will be to obtain sup-1 dents ana- giris goes singing down theplies and the greater the number oftroops needed to guard' the lengthening lines of communication.The allied armies meanwhile arevirtually intact and ready to strike adecisive blow at the weakened Germans.WAR NOTES FROM WASHINGTON.WASHINGTON, D. ., Sept. 1. AJlong official statement is issued bythe French War Office, reviewing theoperations in Belgium and along theFrench frontier. A new retirementby the allied forces is reported, whileat the same time the statement isoptimistic with reference to theopposition which the French andBritish are offering to the German advance. No definite details are forthcomingregarding the general battle whichapparently is in progress all alongthe line.The French War Minister has inspected the supplementary defensesaround Paris, which are being rapidly pushed forward in anticipation ofa possible investment of the Frenchcapital.An Antwerp dispatch credits Gen.Pau with a victory over 50,000 Germans near Peronnes Whetheris a new victory or one to which reference was made several days ago isnot known.Queen Elizabeth, of Belgium, andher children have arrived in England.According to official advices received at Washington, France is considering the advisability of moving theseat of government to Bordeaux.Great Britain has joined withFrance in objecting to the purchaseby the United States of German liners in connection with the plan tobuild up an American merchant marine. The moratorium proclamation atthe outbreak of 'the war in GreatBritain has been extended for anothermonth.street, waving flags, and' pushingthrought thecrowd.They sing Germany's great nationalsongs. "Die Wacht am Rhein" and"Deutschland, Deutschland uberAlles," are far the favorites, butsometimes one hears the Blucherstong of "The Old Feld Marshal" ando(ther echoes of the "War of Liberation" bust a century ago.For a while the crowd runs afterthem cheering. But another excitement carries them .Away, A taxi orvan drives' rapidly through and menstand in it flinging out shingle sheets,printed in large typo, with the latestrumor or fact. These are the "Extra-Blatter"of the various newspa-They are gratis.ers.BERLIN SAYS ALLIES HAVE BEENDEFEATED.BERLIN, (Via The Hague), Sept. 1.The War Office to-day declares theFrench and English armies-have been'driven back with heavy losses, nearLafere, and that the German advanceon Paris continues.The operations all along the line ofbattle throughout France are characterized as "satisfactory," and it istins Lstated that the German forces underthe Crown Prince, operating fromnear Longwy, have enjoyed uninterrupted success.(Other War News on Page 1)Highest Market Price Paid Tor All Kinds ofIron, Hides, Etc.All goods must be delivered at the Baldwin Co.'s Packing House on.CypressStreet, extended. .Those coming with goods must notify me at my office, on West EighthStreet, Paris, Ky.My stock of Scrap Iron on Eighth Street will! be disposed of as soon as a.purchaser can be found.Respectfully, tMAX MUNICH,oteuB-fit, PARIS. KY.What has become of the old-fash-loned man who used to use saietypins to fasten his socks to his underwear?One reason why the world isn't asfine a place as it might be is becauseMarriage is the most common thingin the world and Love is the rarestthing in the world.I ATTENTION, I7Some lads are always going aroundwith a corkscrew and a pair of jackslooking for openings.AMERICAN TOURISTS RELIEVEDWASHINGTON, September 1. Disbursement of gold to Americans inEurope and arrangement for specialtrains by American embassies havebrought the work of relief to its finalstages.The American Charge at St. Petersburg announced to-day the receipt ofthe money from the cruiser Tennessee, which has been distributed toConsuls. He reports all Americanswill be out of Russia by the end of theweek.Relief trains from Berlin to Rotterdam are taking care of Americansgathered there from r many points.The Consul at Leipzig reports that"all fears for Americans may be dismissed" in his district.ENGLAND ACCEPTS AID.LONDON, Sept. 11. The officialPress Bureau, in an announcementthis morning, says the Governmenthas gratfully accepted an 'offer fromthe people of Alberta of a half-millionbushels of oats for the use of thearmy, and from the Government ofQuebecc 4,000,000 pounds of cheese.PROMISES T6 AID YANKEESWASHINGTON, Sept. 1. CountVon Bernstorff, the German Ambassador, to-day telegraphed SecretaryBryan, from New York, saying thatin the event of the investment ofPris he would make every effort tosecure the safe departure of Americans from Paris through Germainlines.For one thing we thank fashion.The coiffures of women again consist of their own hair.Now that she has been acquitted,Mme. Caijlaux. will have an opportunity to refill those reservoirs of tearsXpackacheSjjjI III 'ss Myrtle Cothrum, II IISUE Russellville, Ala.J says: 1 91 8ImLm "For nearly a year, I suf- 1X1JlX fered with terrible back- XXPARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.TO INSTRUCT AVIATORS. '- PARIS, FRANCE, Sept. 1. LouisBleriot, the., 'first, aviatoro fly overthe English Channel, announces thatfered with terrible backache, pains in my limbs,and my head ached nearlyall the time. Our familydoctor treated me, butonly gave me temporaryrelief. I was certainly inbad health. 'My schoolteacher advised me totake .CarduiThe Woman's Tonic1 took two bottles, in all,"and was cured. I' shallalways praise Cardui tosick and suffering women." If you suffer frompains peculiar to weakwomen, such as headache, backache, or othersymptoms of womanlytrouble, or if you merelyneed a tonic for that tired,nervous, worn-out feeling, try uu-aui. e-LVe. Court House.7:10 a m7.45 a m8.15 a m8.45 a m9.15 a m9.45 a m ,10.15 a m10.45 a m11.15 a m11.45 a m12:05 p m12.45 p m1.15 p m '1.45 p m2.15 p m2.45 p m3.15 p m v3.45 p m t4.15 p m5.15 p m5.40 p m6.05 p m6.30 p mCity Limits Only.Lve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m6.40 p mKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave Lexington Leave ParisFor Paris for Lexington6.00 a m 6:45 a m7:20 a m ' 7:30 a m8:00am 8:15 am8:50 am ' 9:00 a m10:20 a m 9:45 a m11:50 a m " 11:15 a m1:20 p m 12:45 p m2:50 q. m 2:15 p. m3:30 p m 3:45 p m4:20 p m 4:30 p m5:00 p m 5:15 p m6:00 p m J 6:05 p m7:20 p m 6:50 p m9:10 p m 8:15 p m11:00 p m 10:05 p mDaily except Sunday-4PEOPLE!Do You Know We HandleN I the Celebrated jDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right. ;Plumbing and Electrical XContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us. tSPIGER&GILGHRIST IELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home PhonelOl44"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I'4"&'S'4":"l"I"I"I"I"l"IlStraussBros.& CosNewCieayEBathing and Boating.Free- DANCING -FreeAfternoon andEvening.I Music by Schcrnftd's Orclkstra 1No. 8On Sale at AllCigar Stands.""i.it4 vixI&sWivv"fl. -5-S,.'--n :V"AfcfJ-.&. jt'sfct f -v'i"v' Mt... . 4'-AA'HfHfHHVj7r.-JAILER FAkRrS, COMMENDED.Under the lieading, "A LynchingThat Failed," Sunday's issue of theCincinnati Commercial-Tribune editorially commends and endorses theaction of Jailer Jos. Farris, of Paris,in defending the prisoner and himselflast Saturday morning in the follow1Ilg" "LYNCHING THAT FAILED."That Kentucky jailer who stoodct a mob bent on the pastime ofinching a negro, deserv.es a medalaad vote of thanks from the KentuckyLegislature, provided the members ofthat august body really believe theZ?lv,s they labor to put on the statute,ooks are worthy of Tespect andjiould be enforced."Because lackadaisical and cowardly officers of the law have permittedmobs to wreck venyence on prisoners without resistance the habit ofIvnching for crimes against womenliai grown until now 'regulators' assume the prerogative of hangingnegroes for petty larceny. If thepeople could be impressed with thefoe4" that the invocation of mob lawVeakens every bulwaTk of liberty andc defence enjoyed by the commonevery day citizen these sporadic outbursts of outlawry would cease andclf-control, the highest attribute ofcivilization, would supplant wild devire for bloody vengeance."Past experiences have led mem-Ij-rsof mobs to believe they may act-without danger to themslves. Whatever opposition has been met usuallyhas been of a sham character andmany men who take oaths to upholdf e laws and constitution of theState evidently think It better to letthe law slide rather than shoot aTipighbor and a ' voter whose ballotmight be needed in the next .election.If more Sheriffs and Jailers-ftould exercise the same courage anddetermination shown by the Kentuckyofficial lynching soon would cease to"be a thing of reproach in Kentucky."Kentucky would have a bettername in some directions if there had'been more jailers like Farris, ofParis."As long as a woman can go to thegrocery store and get things on creditshe can't see why her husband shoulduorry over his debts.Some of these days a native of theFiji Islands is going to get a look atone of our Tango Teas and he will goback home and take up a collectionana send a few missionaries to thiscountry.1 HE BOURBON mm$, PARIS. KENTIXXY, SEITEMBER 4, 1914it I WBIf'M I ' i ' ii lf.J,i-ALUKE McLUKE.SAYS.t, w --(Cincinnati-Enquirer.)A Princess .will takeadvice from a"i dude who wears cuffs on his pants.But she always knows that her Father doesn't know what she is talkingabout.Some girls are so anxious to beshocked that they paint a permanentblush on their cheeks so as to beready for the emergency in case anything should happen.Once in a while you run into anold-fashioned man whose house ismortgaged and who hasn't any automobile. In most churches the male members pay for the carpets and the female members wear' them out.Somehow or other, when Daughteris hunting a new fad she never thinksof hish washing or bed making.This is a queer world. A man whowears Scotch Terrier whiskers thinkshe has a right to laugh at a Chinaman because the latter wears a pittail.When anything "happens in thisworld we make up our minds thatthe party is guilty and then listen tothe evidence.If old Opportunity had good outcurves and a pretty face he would beembraced oftener.A man never gets so poor that heisn't willing to share his poverty witha woman.There are 69,876 fads in this country. But Minding Your Own Businessisn't one of them.Every man believes that his charitymutituae ot other people sWHAT'S THi Raj5n'?Hcovers asins.(Copyright, by McClure Syndicate.)mmmmmmWALTER MARTINERNEST MARTINNEW LIVERY STABLE!New Carriages, Buggies,Etc. Special, AttentionWeddings, Funerals,Dances, Etc.RunaboutsGiven toParties,iHorses Boarded By Day, Week or Month!Hauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Transfer Busi-WOur stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streetplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS"Stables Beth St. Main St. Both Phonesy9 0 - - ,Big Cake WalkAt ThejfColored Fall Festival,Friday, Sept. 18, 1914,2:30 P. MlSpecial Reservation Made For TheWhite People.Couples From All Parts of the country will compete for the prize of $25.00, divided $15.00, $7.00and $3 00.rAdmission, 25 Cents.STEVE MOORE,Secretary.Lwi'V44t4iTMTtTirf.ilMhMfcJt44T'I'T'I'TI'gjwniiMHKftas,JAS. MACON,' President.t ij ??"!Il " iV 'Many Paris People in"' Poor .Health1 Without Knowing .the Cause. 'There are scores of people whodrag o'ut a miserable existence without realizing the cause of their suffering. Day after day they are racked with backache.and headache; suffer from nervousness, dizziness,weakness, langor and depression Perhaps the kidneys have fallen behindin their work give them the helpthey need. You can use no morehighly recommended remedy thanDoan's Kidney Pills endorsed bypeople all over the country and byyour neighbors in Paris.Mrs. Hodge, 821 West St., Paris,Ky., says: "I had dizzy and nervousspells and my back and head ached,showing that my kidneys were weak.When I saw Doan's Kidney Pills advertisedf I used them and they gaveme relief."Mrs. Hodge is only one of manyParis people who have gratefully, endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. If yourback aches if your kidneys botheryou, don't simply ask for a- kidneyremedy ask distinctly for Doan'sKidney Pills, the same that Mrs.Hodge had the remedy backed byhome testimony. 50c all stores. Fos-ter-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N.Y. "When your Back is Lame Remember the Name."seKENf UCKY.JDECLAKE8 WAR.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)Before marriage he pays her attentions. After marriage he pays herbills.The tailor-made girl has gone outof style, but the home-made girl isstill with us.Cheer up! Maybe if you were amillionaire and had all he coin youcould blow -in you would only windup with Locomotor Ataxia. And being poor keeps many a fellow frommaking a fool of himself.The result is about the same, butsome men Didn't Know It Was Loaded and other men marry for money.I don't know much. But I havebeen around enough to know tnatthere ain't no such animal as a GoodLoser.When a woman gets the idea thather husband is a Necessary Evil, andthat she has to have some one to paythe bills, it won't be long until somedivorce lawyer has the price of a newrunabout.After they have been marriedabout four weeks and Lovey beginsto play Old Sleuth by kissing Honeyto see it he has been drinking, theHoneymoon locks itself in a roomand blows out the gas.PO-DO-LAX BANISHES PIMPLES.Bad Blood, Pimples, Headaches,Biliousness, Torpid Liver, Constipation, etc., come from Indigestion.Take Po-Do-Lax, the pleasant and absolutely sure Laxative, and you won'tsuffer from a deranged Stomach orother troubles. It will tone up theLiver and purify the blood. Use itregularly and you will stay well,have clear complexion and steadynerves. Gel a 50c bottle to-day.Money back if not satisfied. AllDruggists.(adv-sept.)Brother plays baseball all afternoon and Sister plays tennis all afternoon. And both ar so tired whenthey 'get home that Mother has towash the dishes and Father has totake the garbage cans out so the manwill get them in the morning.:DIARRHOEA QUICKLY CURED"My attention was first called toChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy as much as twelveyears ago. At that time I was seriously ill with summer complaint.One dose of this remedy checked thetrouble," writes Mrs. C. W. Florence,Rockfield, Ind. For sale by all dealers. (adv-sept.)A call for Volunteers has been issued by the State of. Kentucky It dealswith war war upon a condition thathas existed in. the' Blue Grass Statefor many years. ' There are '208.084men and women in Kentucky who cannot read or wrte. Thif appallingcondition is in a measure due te theschool districts of the State, whichhave not furnished adequate educational facilities. But in the main thelarge percentage of illiteracy must beattributed to the lack of desire forknowledge evinced by men and women who are content with primitivemethods of intellectual intercourse.They have been isolated from theworld for many decades, and, whilethey have resisted educational advancement with almost Chinese obstinacy. There have been casesknown in which parents have keptchildren from school because theydid not wish their progeny to havean intellectual advantage over them.Mrs. Cora Wilson Stewart, president of the Kentucky Illiteracy commission, has issued an eloquent appeal to Kentuckians to assist in wiping this blot of ignorance from theState She wants .men and womenwho will go into the mountains andother districts where illiteracy obtains and teach untutored eyes andhands. But the enthusiasm of Mrs.Stewart and the number of volunteers will not be available unless theeducational laws of Kentucky aremore stringently enforced. In hertask as chairman of the illiteracycommission requires not only teachers, but compulsory school attendance in fact as well as in theory.The reward is worth the battle.The illiterates of Kentucky .are menand women, who in many instancescan trace their lineage back to Virginia days before the migration thatsettled the Blue Grass State. Andwhen they are brought out of darkness and given a place in the sunthey will constitute a citizenship ofwhich Kentucky will be proud. Cincinnati Times-Ttar.ACUTE INDIGESTION."I was annoyed for over a year byattacks of acute indigestion, followedby constipation," writes Mrs. M. J..Gallagher, Geneva, N. .Y. "I tried everything that was recommended tome for this complaint but nothing didme much good until about fourmonths ago I saw Chamberlain's Tablets advertised and procured a bottleof them from our drpggist. I soonrealized that I had gotten the rightthing for they helped me at once.Since taking two bottles of them Ican eat heartily without any badeffects." Sold by all dealers.(adv-sept.)Stamp collectors are meeting inBoston. The last time stamp collectorse met in the Hub, if we rememberright, there was a little tea party inconnection with the meeting.The Krupps are doubtless predicting "unprecedented prosperity."New Music Studio in ParisMR. HARLOWE fENN DEAN,Basso-Cantante, Soloist Director,Teacher of Voice.WPil Open Studio in Paris September 10th.Studio: .Mrs. C. D. Webb's Residence,315 Pleasant Street.Mr Dean is teacher of voice in theArts Club, Lexington. Director ofMay Festival and Choral Club, Lexington. For information, address,MISS ANNA CHANDLER GOFF,Director and Business Manager of theArts Club, Lexington, Kentucky.(28-4t-F)Whena mutt tells you that therace is "not always to the swift, justremind him that the ' lads who arebetting on the Tortoise to beat theHare haven't cashed but once in thepast thousand years.$100 REWARD $100.5.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cureis the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeing a constitutional disease, requires a constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the blood andmucous surfaces of the system,thereby destroying the foundation ofthe disease, and giving the patientstrength by building up the constitution and assisting nature in doing itswork. The proprietors have so muchfath in its curative powers that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.Sold by all Druggists. 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv-sept.)LUKE McLUKE SAYS:(Cincinnati Enquirer.' voman is a person who will ex--fit.ateeverything but her age.ar is hell. Father -will go to theomer kaif to get a dime's worth inis bucket and will get into an argument as to the relative merits of thebarring European powr. Ai" aboutbenight Fatkw WHliit,B w4than enpty can and about six dollars'worth under his belt.This would be a better world if alot of the men who Indignate aboutWhite Slavery didn't treat theirwives like hired girls. ,After a woman hasv been marriedfor about fifteen years it doesn't jarher a bit when her .husband bringsher home a new lawn hose or ta bathtup eav iorer uw tuuy yi wwn.It is a mighty good thing that ourlaws are not taken literally in thesedays of See-More skirts or a wholelot of Perfectly Innocent YoungThings would be pinched for beingwithout visible, means of support..SILOBARNSARE BEING BULIT BYALL MODERNFARMERS.' WE INSURETHEM...We Make a Specially ofCountry PropertysHse-HSaffcBKiweairfKentttekiMs SmftifHdkped ofStomncb Ws byinayrT$emtfyV l&First Dose of Wonderful TreatmentShows Results After Yearsof Suffering.Many Kentuckians have found swiftrelief from disorders of the stomachand intestinal tract by the use ofMayr's Wonderful Stomach Jlemedy.The first dose gives results. It isnot a long treatment.Here ares tatements taken from theletters of two Kentucky people whohave used the remedy:W. H. CLARKE, Central Cicy."The medicine has done my wife aworld of good and she has been suffering with stomach trouble for years."MRS. BELLE HAWKINS, Eminence, Ky. "I have taken all of themedicine. I don't think I need "anynow, as I think I am wett. I neverfelt better in my-life."From all over the country comethousands of just such letters,wonderful remedy shows Ttsafely, and with the first do.Mayr's Wonderful Stomach.clears the digestive tract of miaccretions and removes '"poisoMMBmatter. It brings swift reliefto -cofferersfrom ailments of the stomach,liver and bowels. Many declare it htmsaved them from dangerous optsttions and many are sure it has mttheir lives.VBecause of the remarkable sucMMf-of this remedy there are many imstav-,tors, so be cautious. Be sura' if a 'MAYER'S. Go to Varden & Son drfstore and ask about the wonderfulsuits it has been accomplishing rsend to Geo. H. Mayr, Mfg. Chemifc154-156 Whiting St:, Chicago, DJ., tmfree book on stomach ailments ui'rimany greatf ul letters fro mpeople wJie 'nave Deen restored. Any druggisttell you its wonderful effecst.V!57Bell TelephoneBulletins1 POLICY OF THE COMPANY'We want our subscribers andthe public generally to know something of the details the insideworkings of the telephone business. This is the first of a seriesof bulletins, in the shape of advertisements, which we propose topublish in this newspaper. "Wewant our relations to be, not as theusual relations of buyer and seller,but rather like those of a co-partnership,such that you will knowpersonally about our business as itrelates to youj our advantagesand difficulties ; your benefits andannoyances.i We have laid bare every featureof our business to the RailroadCommissions of several States.We have frankly answered everyourthe.question, have presentedbooks, and not concealedslightest detail of our affairs.It is our policy to deal with oursubscribers and the public in aspirit of frankness and 'courtsy.We appreciate the fact that ireare a -public servant; that we depend upon the public for our existence. Our main object is 'torender such efficient and universalservice as to deserve and retain thegood will of the people in everyr'community in which we operate, fWe hope every citizen of thkcommunity will read these bulle- -tins.If we do not appear sufficiently clear upon any point we"will be glad, upon request, to elaborate more fully.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYINCORPORATED0U & N. TIME-TABLECHAMBERLAIN'S LINIMENT.If you are ever troubled with .achespains or soreness of the muscles, youwill appreciate the -rood qualities ofChamberlajn's Liniment. Many sufferers from rheumatism and sciaticahave used it with the best resuits.It is especially valuable for lumbagoand lame back. For sale by all dealers. (adv-sept.)This would be a whole lot betterworld if things, were arranged so thatwhen-a -man lost, his tempervheN couldU UUUU i.-a,eM.. v v -V -nJrfr-t WE ISURE AGAINSTI FIREf TORNADOI LIGHTNINGt In Strong,RcliabIe,PromptPaying Companies.EFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trains .A.rrrveNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily ! 5:21am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 5:18 am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y ,7:35am.7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:42 am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily , t 9:38 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10:20 am12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily ; . . . 10:24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3 : 10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:15 pm138 Lexington,, Ky., Daily a:33 pm38 Knoxville,' Tenn., Daily : 3:30 pm5 Maysville, Ky"., Daily t 5:35pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:23 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTraixis IDe-asirtNo.- TO34 Cincinnati, O., Daily -. '. . . . 5:28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:35 am7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . . . 7:47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday '. 7:50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 auk29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9:43 am'37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9;45am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10:29 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:27 am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily 12:05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12: 04 am13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:33 piB38 Cincinnati,., Daily 3:40 pim9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:56pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6:28,pm'8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 6:25 pm'30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:40 pm31 Lexington. Ky., Daily 10:55 pm131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:57pmW. O.'HINTON' & SON,Trie NivyFIRM.No.24No.13Trains ArriveFROMFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:40 avFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5 :50 9TrsLiis IDe-strt,TOFrankkfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday ;S:3d a.Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:35 pV1The fall gowns are described as being "tight with loose effect." Thatmust mean that the dear little jellywobble is to have another inning.H?1 1 1 til 1 111 I II f lit I li M 1 1 thingajtA woman always makes an impression when she gets off a moving carbackwards. But she make it whereLsher does&'t .want yotr to' -taw w" any-And here's some liews for the VmThe Summer skirts for men, to go othe market next spring, will be- madtfwith elbow sleeves and low nckFine for the fat guys. But how abort!the lads with giraffe seeks aa'd fkobig Adam's apples? .There are a whole lot of ift tifcfti-wa wfef ipct the Lord tp-a?ifv- ,i,':-" TV, JV.sTrfUJJ4,.' 4vrZM-Sfttfr.,-,$-tHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., SEPTEMBER 4, 1914.$40 000 STOCK TO BE SOLD QUICK!VI:::i25. OFF"!ON!-NOW GO I NGPEROEJaSTTupi-Every article in our immense stock .will be sold at one-fourth off f Or CASH. We want to reduce the stock and at the sametime RAISE CASH. This bis reduction is mejde on everything except diamonds. A rare chance to save money onWatches, Rings, Silverware, Novelties, Clocks, Bronze Statuary, Purses, Umbrellas,-n fact, everything goes in this sale. Remember you can't buy the WINTERS kind of Jewelry exept at WINTERS STORE, theLtore with a reputation.Everything MarkedINPlain Figures!A. J. WINTERS SCOParis, Kentucky.25 Per Cent OffFOR?Assignee's Sale (SOCIALANPERSONAOFDesirable City Residence,Building Lots and Personal Property.in the Matter of the Assigned Estate of George Alexander' W. O. Hinton, Assignee.LPursuant to an order of sale made in the above styled cause in theBqurbon County Court, the undersigned Assignee, will, onTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1914,at the home place of said George Alexander, on the northeast corner ofPleasant and Eighth streets, in Paris, Ky., at about the hour of 10 o'clocka. m., , upon the credits of six, twelve andi eighteen months, for equalparts of the purchase money, sell at public auction, free from5 home-steadand contingent dower rights, the property described in the order of salein the above styled cause, to-wit:"That tract of three (3) acres and twenty (20) poles of land lyingon the east side of Pleasant Street, and north side of Eighth Street.,in-' the City of Paris, Ky., it being the place known as the George Alexander Home Place, whereupon stands his residence.The said property will be sold in the following manner, to-wit:tThe rear premises will be divided into building lots and the saidbuilding lots and the front lot whereon stands the- residence and out"buildings will be offered separately to the highest and best bidder andthen the property will be offered as a whole to the highest and best bidder, and the Assignee will accept the bid or bids aggregating the mostmoney therefor, with the privilege of withdrawing the said home place orany part thereof altogether, if in his opinion, the whole or subdivisionsper cent, per annum until paid, with good surety to be approved by theo, making a more advantageous sale.The divisions into which the property will be offered for sale will beindicated before the sale by stakes and lines on the premises for ther inspection of purchasers. The purchaser or purchasers to execute bondpayable tothe Assignee, bearing date of sale due in six, twelve and eighteen - months, with interest thereonf rom date of sale at the rate of sixper cent, per annum until paid, and to give surety to be approved by thej.fiSIorTlGGALSO PERSONAL PROPERTY.At the same time and place and beginning after the sale of the realestate, the Assignee .will, pursuant to an order of the Court, in the above vjetyled cause, proceed to offer at public outcry all household and kitcheneffects and other personalty and continue such sale from day to day until completed. Among the articles of personal property to be sold at theeale are the following:Mr. Monroe Sweeney has returned from a visit to friends and relatives in Nolin and Louisville, Ky.The Bourbon Dancing Club willgive a dance at the Masonic Temple, Monday night. Music will befurnished by the Goodwin SaxaphoneTrio, of Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. DL.. Moore andMiss -Minnie Ball Moore, who hav,ebeen guests of Mr. and Mrs. CharltonAlexander, have returned Ho theirhome in Harrodsburg.A merry party of young peoplehad an enjoyable outing on "Beautiful Stoner" by the light of the silvery moon, Wednesday evening. TheChippewa Club's launch and eightboats carried the crowd to GassSpring, where a delicious luncheonwas served. Those in the party were:Misses Frances Sullivan, Mary M.Brannon, N. R6urke, Miss McGroger(Cincinnati) , Beyrnadette Brannon,Lucille Calnan (Cincinnati), MaryMurphy, Catherine Murphy, MaryCalnan, Helen Lavin, Nora Rourke,Margaret Schwartz and ElizabethSchwartz; Messrs. Murray Higgins,Bernard Santen, Johrt Rourke, Lawrence Lavin, A. Poast (Indiana),Fred Miller, Wm. Fitzgerald, Thornton Connell, Elmer McCord, WillLenihan, J. O'Connell, A. Lavin andRaymond Connell. The chaperoneswere Misses Julia CalnanN and LulaChristman.Other Personals on Page 5)SPECIALS AT STOUT'S CAFE.TRACHOMA PROCLAMATIONWhereas, Trachoma, a highly contagious and infectious chronic eyedisease, long a pestilence in the oldercounties and usually spreads bymeans of wash-basins, towels, pencilsand other things usad in common bychildren and families, and which,without prompt recognition and per-Isistent treatment, results in seriousand permanent impairment of visionor blindness in a large majority ofcases, is officially reported by expertsof the U. S. Public Health Serviceas wide spread in the counties ofBreathitt, Clay, Jackson, Lee, Leslie,Owsley, Perry and adjacent sections,with many cases in Jefferson andClark scounties and more or lesspread into, almost every other county in Kentucky, presenting to officialsand people problems, both health,,economic and humanitarian, demand-MORGAN'S MEN REUNION.The eleventh annual reunion of themembers of Gen. John H. Morgansfamous command was held at Olympian Springs, Tuesday. Among theBourbon County represntatives at themeeting were: Geo. W. Morrow, Aus- iawn or the fruitfulness of the gardesPUBLIC NOTICE.Two-tKirds of the people of Parisuse hydrant water for drinking purposes. The less water in Stoner thegreater the probability of pollution.Do not use it extravagantly. It is better to sacrifice the beauty of theterlitz: Dr. R. D. Weaver, Lot DYoung, J. N. Stone, North Middletown; L. J. Fretwell, Paris.than to chance a human life.(tf) A. H. KELLER, Health Officer.SAVE MONEY.Look -at Winters' prices before buying anything nice in his line 25 percent off 1.00. (tf)DELEGATES TO GRAND LODGE.Bourbon Lodge No. 22, I. O. O. F.,has elected the following delegates torepresent the lodge at the meeting ofthe Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows ofing prompt and concerted action, es- ' Kentucky at Franlojr.t, Tuesday, Oct.pecially by school authorities and 13th: Judge. E. B. January, Geo. W.others having the care of children Judy, James" T. Hill, A. B. Dennison,with whom the ravages of the disease A. L. Burley, Geo. M. Rose, P. J. Mcseems most disastrous. Cord, Wm. S. Kiser and Bishop Hib-Now, therefore, be it known, that ler.the State Board .of Health pf Ken-tucky in the exercise of authority LOOK! LOOK!vested in it by law, hereby forbidsany person afflicted or suspected to j Think of it $8.00 and $8.50 greenbe afflicted with trachoma, commonly and brown Porch Chairs, at ?4.50,known as "red sore eyes," to attend while they last,any school, public or private, in this (7-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.Commonwealth a teacher or pupil,We are now serving a special noonday Merchant's Lunch at 30 cents,between the hours of 12" to 2 p. m.Oysters, the first of the season, arealso being served in all styles at allhours at our place.(4-lt) KID STOUT."Walnut Bed .Room Furniture,Mahogany Bed Room Furniture,Mahogany Library Furniture,, Mahogany Dining Table,Large Mahogany Side Board,Mahogany Dining Charis,Carved Mahogany Library Table,Mahogany Bookcase,.Lot of Books.Parlor Qhairs,Leather Chairs,-Odd "'Rockers,Large Hat Rack,Antique Japanese Lamp, :Mahogany Consol Table,Upright Grand Piano,Small Tables,Chiffoniers,2rap3r.ies,Genuine Oriental Rugs both small&& room-sizes some of them, aniiJHtes. Hilton & Body Brussell Rugs andvyLr6CS,Axminster and Velvet Rugs andvQzrpets,Pictures,L Large Mantel Mirror, m -IT' Zlteque Figures,Japanese and Oriental Ornaments,4 Bronze Statuary,Marble Statuary,- n?1xge and Small Bronze Vases,. Taakwood Pedestals and Tabour-Full Chimed Hirshaday Grandfather Clock,Iirge Chinese Vases,JBro&se, Bisque and ..Porcelain6d Fancy Plates,Set of China Dishes,China Fish Set,China Fruit Set,Cut Glass Vases,rCut Glass Pitchers,Cut Glass Dishes,Cut Glass JJecanters,All kind of fancy Cups; Saucersand Plates,Knives and Forks,Silverware,Toilet Sets,Bath Room Furniture,Porch Furniture,Laundry Outfit,Kitchen Range,Gas Stove,Refrigerator,Numerous 6ther articles usuallyfound in well furnished homes,Family Carriage Horse,Carriage and Harness,Hemp Machine, "15 Shares Paris Opera House Co,4 Shares Bourbon County Agricultural Society,2 Shares Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.,500 Shares Citizens' NationalIns. Co., Louisville,11 Shares Fifth-Third NationalBank, of Cincinnati,1 Share L. & M. Rubber Co.,1 Certificate Fifth-Third NationalBank, of Cincinnati,5 Shares Chicago-New York Electric Air Line R. R. Co.,100 Shares Travelers' InsuranceMachine Co.,20 Shares Central and SouthernAdvertising Agency.SELLS FINE FARM.Mr. William C. Bell, of BourbonCounty, has purchased of Mr. andMrs. Wm. Sauer, their farm of sixtytwo acres, ' located on the RuddlesMills pike, five miles from Paris. Theprice paid: was about $210 ''per acre.This farm was purchased a fewyears ago by Mr. and Mrs. Sauer fromMr. Berry Bedford, Jr., at $125 peracre. Possession will be given onJanuary, 1, 1915.DEPENDABLE FOOTWEARand requests and instructs all physicians, teachers, school trustees, county and city boards of health and otheraflicials and good citizens to assistand co-operate in preventing the further spread of this disease, otherwiselikely to entail misery to individualsand a burden upon taxpayers almostbeyond calculation in the light ofexperience with it in other and oldercountries. It further instructs county and city boards of health, in cooperation with their respective citycouncil and fiscal courts to inaugurate and execute and to require .theheads of families anft other personsto eccutc such sanitary regulationsas such boardi may consider expedient to prevent q spread of trachomawhich is hereby declared to be an epidemic and communicable disease andto this end they are requested tobrins all persons infected with trachoma under prompt and propre treatment during premonitory or otherstages of the diseace.By order of the Board, this September 1, 1914.JOHN GRACERS AT LEXINGTON.The racing stable of Clay Bros., ofBourbon, consisting of Lady Errant,Fidget, Vallaha and Money Maker, incharge of Trainer French Brooks, ar-rived-Mondayfrom Saratoga, and arenow quartered at the Associationtrack in Lexington.PREPARATORY SCHOOL TO OPENMrs. W. A. Harp and Miss S. A.Dunn will open a College PreparatorySchool for girls and boys at 509High Streets Paris, September 7,1914. Miss E. D. Giltner will be director of the music department. Parents desiring to enter their childrenwill please call East Tennesse 799.(18-6t)ThingsFor School!' We have everything inschool supplies.When the children needanything in the way ofsupplies, send them to us.We have aft kinds of schoolstationery and if there iseinytihbng we are anythingwe are out of, we are willing to order if for youpromptly. Our stock oftablets, pns, pencils, slates,cc'iors, pencil boxes, rul-ers, erasers, book satchels,school cases and bookstraps can not be beat, andour prices are the lowest.A little monec goes a longway at our store in buyingschool stuff... A penny hasa j wond&'rtfu1! 'purchasingpower. Take a 'look at ourwindow for school goods ofthe latest kinds.Peoples PharmacyPARIS, KY.Doyle Building 8th and Main."Watch Our Windows."e:"$ $5SOUTH,Pusident.LA. T. McCORMACK,. kICVji VslUl J .(4-lt)The most serviceable, stylish anddependable footwear for all occasionsat bargain prices.DAN COHEN'S- GREATEST SHOESTORE.THE BEST ONLY.Nothing but good goods at Winters'.GAME WARDENS MAKE THINGS' LIVELY IN HARRISON.WILL ENFORCE THE LAW.Superintendent of Public Instruction Bardsdale Hamlett has receivedreports from a number of counties tothe effect that book concerns are refusing to exchange new books for oldiones. Under the provisions of theUniform Text-book Law, book dealersmust take old books in exchange, regardless of their condition. Superintendent Hamlett has notified theCounty Attorneys to take the propersteps to enforce the provision of thelaw bv the assessment of the fine offromlOO to 1,000 against any dealerHaving received intimations thatthe fish -and game laws were being vho refuses to make the exchangevioiatea m tne neiguuumuuu. ul-r Household goods may be inspected at residence before sale.The Assignee reserves the right to withdraw any of the property to be sold, if in his opinion, the price bid therefor is inadeqntte. ''. O. lilNTOIN, Assignee.mClaysville, in Harrison county, StateGame Wardens Geo. M. Hill, of thiscity, and Cash Shaw, of Frankfort,quietly slipped into that neighborhood last week and put the suspectedparties through" the third degree,with the result that some very interesting evidence was gathered, anda large number of fish nets and trapsof illegal size were destroyed. TheGame Wardens had been previouslysupplied with information as to thelocation of the nets and the traps,and went after the guilty ones witha vengeance. For twenty days aspecial ofiicer in the employ of theFish and Game Commission had beenin the neighborhood working in conjunction with the officials, arid whenthe trap was ready to spring, Wardens. Hill and Shaw made their visitof inspection. " ,The search and phase continuedtwo days, during which time hundreds of fish traps, nets, seins andother illegal paraphernalia of the pothunter fisherman kind were broughtto light and destroyed.By promising to keep within thelaw henceforth and forever morethe men were not arrested, butwere warned that a second offensewould be very disastrous to them.The efforts of the Game Wardensto breakup the, illegal taking of fishfrom the streams of Harrison county has been generally commendfd' by.all lawabi&ing itieas tof ths-eou&ty.SAVE-ONE-FOURTHGet fine values' at Winters' ?1.00worth for 75c. tfIN RUNAWAY ACCIDENT.While returning home from Paris,Saturday afternoon, Mrs. Cassell Redmon was thrown from-her buggy bya runaway horse, and painfully bruised about the body.A swarm of bees alighting on herhorse caused the animal to becomefrightened and run away. The buggywas overturned and Mrs. Redmonthrown to the pike. Her injuries arenot serious. The horse was caughtafter a long chaser,NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.I am loading a car of scrap ironon the L. & N. tracks near R. B.Hutchcraft's seed elevator to-day andSaturday. Parties having scrap ironfor thsi shipment will deliver itthere instead of at Baldwin's packing house. For price, call15 , MAX MUNIC,(4-lt) Cumberland Phone 374.The fact that her collar bones stickout like automobile tires won't keepA,in iri from wearing low-neckedwiitfeBuf the pfmple on Ar- cheattosM successfuiMMBBMi dlOiilililililililililililiimZ?li In iBK'i I'll I ILL n H II UlliJiiiiHliv 3siiiiliil lull bmIHhI"PRUDENT MANYOU MUST HAVEA BANKACCOUNTAThe man with money in the bank has a big advantageover the one who has not ; he has self confidence, the confidence of the community' and GRED1T.When you KNOW that the measure of your successdepends not upon the amount of money you spend, but uponthe amount you SAVE, is it not time you were cutting outEXTRA VAGANGE, startinga bank account and constantlyINGREAS1NG the balance to your credit ?Make, OUR bank YOUR bank. 'fc ?' 'Ws pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANK.. - CAPITAL $150,000.00SURPLUS ' . 20,000.00sfoCRHOLDEHS'-llAllLITY- . 150,000.00Protection to DeMSHrs:.:...:.;i38O,CAK00. E. WQHD, PmMIm.-C. k: THOMAS, OaiiHtr5 -V? --s-x A.'4.1.IWci-M-v