TWP"V:vf 'PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND F3IDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 19, 1914.m NEWSBOURHUERTA SAID TO BEREADY 10 GIVE UPTHE DICTATORSHIPAuthorizes Envoys to Submit His Resignation toMediators.WOULD STEPDOWN AND OUT3VJo Successor Mentioned inDispatches Received fromMexican Capital"WASHINGTON, May 18. GeneralHuerta has authorized the Mexicanmediation delegates to submit ' hisresignation in case such a course isfound necessary to a settlement inthe peace negotiations.This was stated positively in dispatches to-day from a thoroughly competent diplomatic source in MexicoCity, to one of the foreign representatives here and confirms intimationsgiven by friends of the delegates hereyesterday.According to this information fromMexico City, Gen. Huerta at first authorized the delegates to discuss onlythe question of the Tampico conflictleading to the American occupation ofVera Zruz.Later the Mexican dictator, it isexplained, came to recognize the necessity of a broader settlement andthen conveyed to the delegates assurances that he was prepared to stepdown, should this course be foundnecessary by them.The problem causing chief concernto diplomats in Mexico City now isthat of the form of administration to"be established during the interregnumbefore a constitutionally elected President could assume office.No intimations concerning the nameof a possible successor to Huerta werecontained in the dispatch, this subjectbeing one in which it would be necessary to consult the opinion of constitutionals and other leaders in Mexico.VISIT COLLEGE HILL.Ytfalk out to College Hill Court SunXday afternoon and see the beautifullots that will be sold Thursday afternoon, May 21.SHE EXPECTS IT.3very girl graduate expects a pres.ent. Anything you may get, if itcomes from Winters', will please her.(19-tf).BECKHAM LEADSIN BOYLE COUNTY.The Danville Advocate, a distinctlyanti-Beckham paper, under the caption, "Beckham in Lead," says:An 'Advocate representative, accompanied by Mr. B. C. Berry, tooka straw ballot in the Senatorial raceon both sides of Main street betweenSecond and Fourth streets. Eighty-five votes were cast. Of the number52 were for Beckham, 27 were forStanley and 6 were for McCreary.The voting was .largely confined tocountry people. Some time ago astraw ballot was taken among the business men and Stanley showed a considerable lead."There were several surprises in thevote-taking Saturday. One was thevery small vote received by GovernorMcCreary, and another was the largenumber of voters who declared theyhad not yet fully made up their mindsin the Senatorial race."Practically a third of those whowere asked to vote declared they hadnot yet made up their minds .Anothersurprise was the fact that one or twowho had voted for Stanley on the previous ballot voted for Beckham onSaturday. The present indicationsare that Stanley will get better thanan even break in the city of Danville,while Beckham will get a large majority in the county, judging by presentsentiment."The Stanley followers have madeno campaign so far, while the Beckham forces have been working aggressvely for some weeks."The McCreary forces have not yettaken any steps, but the McCrearyleaders say there will be somethingdoing when they get busy. Thatthere is hot rivalry between Beckhamand Stanley forces was evidenced bythe declaration of a few Democratsthat if Beckham got the nominationthey would not support him, and bya few that if Stanley got the nomination they would not support him."At the present time Beckham appears to be in the lead, with Stanleysecond and McCreary a poor third."MOTHER OF PARIS MAN DIESSUDDENLY IN COLUMBUS.Mr. Percy Reed, of this city, received a message yesterday morningwhich announced the death of hismother, Mrs. Sarah F. Collier, whichoccurred Sunday night in Columbus,O., where she has been under treatment for the past several weeks.Death was due to a stroke of apooplexy. She was about 63 years ofage.Mr. Reed received a long distancemessage Sunday night which appraised him of theserious condition of hismother, and the later message conveyed the news of her death. He isher only surviving son. Her husbanddied several years ago.Mr. and Mrs. Reed left yesterdayafternoon for Columbus, where theywill take- charge of the remains andremove them to Jacksoh, Ohio, wherethey will be interred in the familyburying ground Wednesday afternoon.EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITYFOR THE INVESTOR.Elsewhere in this issue appears thead. of Prof. W. L. Yerkes offering forsale his desirable residence, and iotsadjoining, corner of Eleventh andMain. This is exceptionally well-locatedfor erection of apartmenthouses, being on trolley line, near L.& N. station, and near business center. See ad. (19-tf)BRASS BED FREE.See the nice Brass Bedstead in-the J. T. Hinton Co's window whichwill be given to buyers at the CollegeHill sale.CHILDREN'S DAY OBSERVEDAT METHODIST CHURCHPROGRAM ISSUED CFOR CONVENTION fHERE TOMORROWmrra"WE KNOW HOW":jSr-j1tEighth District Meeting ToFollow C.W.B.M. Con-vention TodayMANY SCHOOLS TOBE REPRESENTEDProf. Bower to Speak Today In Place of Rev.DerthickMRS. THOS. WILLIAMS DIESSUDDENLY OJ- K'ZART ATTACKMrs. Thomas WilLa.-"1" aged aboutseventy-five years, G:-l suddenlyyesterday afternoon at 5.1" o'clock infront of her home on Marshall street,from an attack of heart trouble.Mrs. Williams had been complaining for several days and last Thurs-uay suriereu a siigut auacK, uut recovered sufficiently to be about, andto visit the neighbors.As was her custom she went to thehome of Mr. Martin Conners, a shortdistance away, where she called onMrs. Conners, who has been quite ill.She was returning to her home whenshe suffered the fatal attack.Several persons in the vicinity ofher home saw her fall in front of hergate, and the first to reach her sidewas her daughter, Mrs. J. H. Culbertson, who with the assistance of othersTemoved her to the house. Beforemedical assistance could be summoned she had expired.Mrs. Williams was the widow ofof the late Thos. Williams, of Paris,who for years was aspromment carpenter. She is survived by two sons,Joseph Williams, of Millersburg,ana William Williams, of Cincinnati,and one daughter, Mrs. Culbertson, ofParis.The funeral arrangements havenot been made.VALUABLE PRIZES FREE.Valuable prizes will be given awayfree at the sale of lots on College HillPlace, on Thursday afternoon. See thesolid gold Elgin watch, valued at $40,in Shire & Fithian's window. Also,thehandsome brass "bed in the window ofthe J.-T. Hinton Co. Seven other cashprizes will also be given away free. ItThe annual Children's Day of theMethodist church was observed Sunday morning, taking the place of theregular church service, and the exercises were of a beautiful and interesting character. The large auditoriumwas filled with friends of the school,and presented a beautiful picture,with the bright faces of the children,the decorations of syringa and snowball blossoms on a background ofgreen, and canary birds singing merrilv in their silded cages. The exercises opened with 'the processional,the children marching htrough theaisles to their respective places singa glad song to the piano accompaniment played by Miss Mattie Lilieston. The opening prayer was madeby the beloved pastor of the church,the Rev. J. S. Sims, who is a friendof all the children. Words of welcome were spoken by Imogene Alexander, of the primary class, followedby a recitation by Leonard Frbnk.The song, "Open the Doors for theChildren," wa$ sweetly sung by theschool, and a recitation by FrancesTavlor. Edna Mae Fronk and AlfredRoberts, was well given, as was thenext number, a recitation by EthelMay Shankland, Anderson Rose andKenney Martin, with a solo sweetlystory, "Joseph and His Brethren,wonderfully well told by ElizabetnRule. "A Flower Song," by EthelMay Shankland and Virginia Tingle,with refrain by the children of theprimary class, was sweetly sung.Elizabeth Lilleston followed with arppitntinn well snoken. and "SummerFlowers," by the pupils 61 the firstand second junior classes, was oneof the prettiest numbers, on the program. Rev. Mr. Sims gave a shorttalk commending the exercises andmaking an appeal for an offering,which was taken by six manly boys.The exercises concluded with a hymn"True-Hearted," by the congregation,and the "benediction by Mr. Bradley.One of the most beautiful and touching features of the exercises was thewelcome to the babies of the CradleRoll, a number of little ones beingbrought to the altar and the welcome,oc vnir-Pd hv "five little girls, Elizabeth Wheeler, Katherine Wills, Marian Galloway and Dorothy,. Tingle.At the conclusion of the program little Henry Clay Mayhall was baptizedby the pastor. Mr. Henry A. Power,the superintendent of the school, presided, and to him and his capableocci-ctnnk is due much of the credit'for the growth and excellence of theschool, which is one or tne largest mthe city.The Eighth District Bible SchoolConvention or the Christian churchwill be held in this city to-morrowfollowing the C. W. B. 3VI. Convention,to-day.The district comprises the countiesof Bath, Bourbon, Clark, Harrison,Montgomery and Nicholas, and it isexpected that every bible school in thedistrict will be represented. Manyprominent workers will be in attendance, and altogether it will prove tobe a notable occasion. The followingexcellent program ha.s been preparedby the president, Rev. Jos. D. Armistead: MORNING SESSION.8:00 Conference conducted by W.E. Frazee.9:00 Bible Study and Prayer C.O. Cossaboom.9:30 Annual Message W. E. Frazee. 10; 00 Address, "Men and the BibleSchool" J. H. MacNeill.Vocal Solo.10:30 Address: "Women and Howto Teach Them" Mrs. L. Desha.10:45 Address: "How to Get 'theMost Out of an Organized Woman'sClass" Mrs. I. J. Spencer.11:00 Missions Miss Mary Finch.Quartette.11:15 Introduction of Teachers ofclasses with enrollment of 100 or oyer.11 : 45 Announcements.Roll call of county officers andschools W. E. Frazee. 'Announcements of Committees.Convention announcements. ,12:00 Memorial Services in honorof Brother H. D. Clark.- ,12:15 Adjournment7' "" rAFTERNOON SESSION-1:30 Business Session.Minutes. ?Annual Report of Secretary. -Reports of Committees.Convention of offering.2:00 Address: "Possibilities of theRural School" J. N. Christopherson.Solo.2:30 Address: "The Bible in theBible School" Prof. A. W. Fortune3:00 Address: "Other ThingsWorth While" J. Randall Faris.3:30 Address: "My Lambs" J. S.Hilton.Quartette.3:45 Educational Session Pres.R. H. Crossfield.4 : 30 Adjournment.Rev. H. J. Derthick, of Indianapolis,who is the "Living Link" of the ParisC. W. B. M., Auxiliary, and who is onthe program for an address duringthe District Convention tomorrowmorning at 11 o'clock, has been calledto go to Texas with Rev. A. J. Corey,who is at the head of the "Men andMillions" movement, and consequently will not be here to keep his engagement. His place on the program willbe supplied by Prof. W. C. Bower, ofTransylvania University, who is anable and earnest speaker.No other changes have been madein the program, and all the arrangements for the meeting are complete.SLUE LICK WATER.The genuine Blue Lick water inbottles is on sale at our place at alltimes.(19-2t) JAS. E. CRAVEN.VStraw HatTTime Is Here !H Take Off That Old Felt HatAnd put on a new Straw Hat We have the kind that iscool, comfortable and Becoming.PanamasIn shayes to please the young man orjhe more conservative man. The very high crown straws, with narrowbrims with the bow on the side or back, just the thing forthe young yellow.aTA1$- -?VHopkins and Ikinlap StrawsThe kind that the swell stores in the cities are showing.Come to our store to-day and' select your straw while thepicking is good.Straw Hats $1 to $5Panamas $3.50 to $10ii.Mitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's Styles Paris, KentuckyFRAN K & CO.:.' BUY NOWLast Cut in Prices ofLadies' Ready-to-Wear GarmentsIofr44'IWI,I'44'4',I'4''I'4,,I'4,4''I'4"I,,IMI,4CHARLES E. BUTLER, SR.,STRICKEN WITH PARALYSISMr. Charles E. Butler, Sr., proprietor of the drug stores of CharlesE. Butler & Co., in this city and Carlisle, is confined to his home on WestSecond street, suffering from the effects of a stroke of paralysis, whichhe sustained Sunday evening whileenroute home from his store.Mr. Butler was stricken at theHouston Creek Bridge on Secondstreet and was unable to continue tohis home without assistance. Whenhe was taken to his home medicalattention was immediately summoned,but the extent of the stroke was notdetermined until yesterday. Hisspeech was affected and one sidesuffered to come extent by the stroke'.In falling- to the pavement Mr. Butler also suffered a badly sprainedankle. His condition at this time isnot regarded as being of a serious nature, but is the source of much apprehension to his relatives and manyfriends. Charles E". Butler, Jr., whoconducts the drug store of the company m Carlisle, was summoned toliis city yesterday to take charge ofthe business herefduring the illness ofjhis father.i444V2OFF ONLadies' and Misses'Woolen SuitsJSizes 34 to 44:jy3 OFF ONLadies' Odd Size Suits,' Sizes 39 to 45-'lA to l2 OFF ONLadies' Silk DressesVs TO y2 OFF ONLadies' Evening Dresses4444444ls TO y2 OFF ONLadies' and Children'sSpring Coats444 --.----.-------.-- . '- r'ir'ir'ir 'V'i,"l"V'i?'lff 'l V '2' v v '!' t 't 'I TfMiMF"FRANK dc CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns. Li$- " !1V"-THE BOORBON NEWp, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 19 1914rU R,iwhs MArJTRETMENT OF TRACHOMA INI he DOUTDOn INeWS mountains of kentuc:ntuckyi9e Paris Rome telephone and Cekgrapb Co(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. K. E. SPEARS, Commerical Manager.?BourbonD WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.BourbonParis KentuckyGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALHER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.Gas1hitting! iPlumbing and Elecri- Jcal Work in All XTheir BranchesMasda (Tungston) Lamps JStoves, Ranges JJ and Appliances. Jj Spicer & fGilchrist, !Elks' Buildingt E.E. Phone, 103 JJ Home Phone, 101 XWhen you feelZtous, tired, worried or despondent it is-sure sign you need MOTTS NERVERIN.PILLS. They renew the normal vigor arHJake life worth living. Be sure and askMott's Nerverine Pills l??rul&WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Propt., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky....-KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Irfterurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a m7:29 a m8:00 a m8:50 am1020 a nv11:50 a m1:20 p" mLeave ParisLexington6:45 a mfor7:30 a8:15 amm9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m2:50, 3:304:20q. mp mp mp m4:305:156:05PPmmmmm5:00 p:0(Tp7:20 p9:10 pmmmPP6:508:15P11 M Tl TO10:05 p mDaily xcept Sunday.Have You aHOME TELEPHONEOur Bourbon CountyBusiness is GrowingMore Rapidly ThanEver Before.Ask Your Neighbor About TheService, Then Let Us Figure With YouLaundryWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes buck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeLaundry,PREPARING TO ENFORCENEW CHILD LABOR LAWStrict enforcement of the child labor law, which will go into effect June18, is promised by Commissioner ofAgriculture, Labor and Statistics J.W. Newman, who is making arrangements for putting the law into operation. In the first, second and thirdclasses girls under 18 and boys under14 may not engage in any street occupation or sell or distribute papers andperiodicals, and boys of 14 are restricted to the hours between 6 a, m.and 8 p. m. , In order for a boy between 14 and 16 to leave school andgo to work he must prove, that he canread and write and has advanced inarithmetic as far as common fractions. He must file with the schoolsuperintendent a certificate of employment signed by his employer, andwhen the employment ceases the employer must notify the superintendent fered with terrible backache', pains in my limbs,and my head ached nearlyall the time. Our familydoctor treated me, butonly gave me temporaryrelief. I was certainly inbad health. My schoolteacher advised me toTAKECarduiThe Woman's TonicJ took two bottles, in all,and was cured. I shallalways praise Cardui tosick and suffering women." If you suffer frompains peculiar to weakwomen, such as headache, backache, or othersymptoms of womanlytrouble, or if you merelyneed a tonic for that tired,nervous, worn-out feeling, try Cardui. ejftpackachekjlIII Miss Myrtle Cothrum, II III ill of Russell ville, Ala., says: III ILJU "For nearly a year, I suf- 1X1Established 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue;-reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of puhlisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue. -,-.CATTLE FEEDERS HOLD- MEETING IN LEXINGTONAbout 250 prominent cattle feedersof the State attended the meeting ofthe Kentucky beef cattle feeders heldat the Experiment Station were innear Lexington. After the cattle fedat the 7xperiment Station had been inspected and the methods of feedingeach herd explained the entire lot ofJonas Weil being the purchaser at$8.40 per hundred. One of the experiments which had been made with regard to the cattle was with referenceto the relative advantages of feedingor not feeding silage. It has beenheld by some of the .best-posted feeders that after cattle have been wintered on silage they will not grazewell, and the grazing will be the restof the experiment, when it will beshown after the summer is overwhether the cattle which have beenfed silage or those which have notbeen fed silage will be the best forthe market.SICK HEADACHE.Mrs. A. L. Luckie, East Rochester,N. Y., was a victim of sick headacheand despondency, caused by a badlyweakened and debilitated condition ofher stomach, when she began takingChamberlain's Tablets. She says: ,rIfound them plasant to take, also mildand effective. In a few weeks' time Iwas restored to my former goodhealth." For sale by all dealers.(May) (adv)FULTON LODGE TO ENTERTAIN GRAND COMMANDERYFulton Commandery, No. 37, K. T.,is making preparations to entertainthe sixty-seventh annual conclave ofthe Grand Commandery of KnightsTemplar of Kentucky, which will beheld ( in that city May 20-21. Theprogram begins on Monday, May 18,with Royal Arch Day. Tuesday willbe Blue Lodge Day. The city will bedecorated for the occasion, and therewill be receptions, lunches and adance at the Elks' Club in honor ofthe visitors. Eminent CommanderW. T. Anderson, of Fulton Commandery, and his Sir Knights will have thehearty support of the citizens of Fulton in entertaining the visitors during their stay in the city.CHAMBERLAIN'S LINIMENT.This preparation is intended especially for rheumatism, lame back,sprains and like ailments. It is a favorite with people who are well acquainted with its splendid qualities.Mrs. Charles Tanner, Wabash, Ind.,says of it: "I have found Chamberlain's Liniment the best thing forlame back and sprains that I haveever used. It works like a charm andrelieves pain and soreness. It hasbeen used by others of my family aswell as myself for upwards of twentyyears." 25 and 50 cent bottles. Forsale by all dealers.(May)(adv)CONSTANTINOPLE HAS NEWELECTRIC LINE UNDER WAYConstantinople's scheme for a metropolitan electric line is well underway. It includes the formation ofwhat is known as the Ottoman Metropolitan Company, capitalized at $5000,000 for the purpose of buildingand operating the line. Work is tobe finished as far as Pancaldi in fourand a half years from October 1, 1912,according to the terms of the contractand the rest will follow within a tenyear period. A new bridge over theGolden Horn will be a part of thework.INDIGESTION? CAN'TEAT? NO APPETITE?A treatment of Electric Bitters increases your appetite; stops indigestion; you can eat everything. A realspring tonic for liver, kidney andstomach troubles. Cleanses -yourwhole system and you feel fine. Electric Bitters did more for Mr. T. D.Peeble's stomach than any medicinehe ever tried. Get a bottle today.50c. and $1.00 at your druggist's.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for Eczema.(May) (adv)PHILIPPINE RICE CROPGREATEST IN MANY YEARSThe lateest report of the directorof the Bureau of Agriculture at Manila says that the rice crop of the last jyear was the greatest which has beenrecorded for many years in the Philippines, being 100 per cent, greaterthan in the previous year. As a direct result of the7 bumper crop therehas been a decrease of rice importsof more than 176,000,000 pounds, representing in value, more than $2,500,000. , ' ,Mr. John McMullen, surgeon incharge of the United States PublicHealth Service in Kentucky, returnedto Lexington a few days ago from atrip through Eastern Kentucky, wherehe inspected the government trachomahospitals which have been established in the mountain region of theState. He was accomuaneid by MissMae Hicks, a trained nurse who gaveinstructions and general directions tothe nurses at the various hospitals.The clinics established by the UnitedStates Public Health Service are being well attended and hundreds ofcases have been relieved of chroniceye trouble since the work began lastsummer. Dr. McMullen's investigations have resulted in the treatmentof a great number of cases of eyedisease which are very rare in thepractice of even pronlinent specialists, and it is hope to be able to bringinto the mountains this summer someof the best noted eye specialists inthe country for the relief of patientswho are in need of the most experttreatment.It is probable that Dr. F. ParkLewis, of Buffalo, N. Y., will accompany Dr. McMullen on his next visitto .the mountain clinics, which yilltake place in the next few weeks.In connection with the establishedhospitals it is intended to hold eyeclinics in various sections of themountains during the summer, and inthis way carry relief to those who areunable to travel. Twelve per cent,of 4,000 people examined in this district a year ago were found to beaffected yith trochoma. The purposeof the GovernmentJs work is not onlyto cure the disease, but to educate thepeople to its dangers so that itsspread may be prevented. Three hospitals have been established, one atHindman, in Knott county, one atHyden in Leslie county, and the thirdat Jackson, Breathitt county.State of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas county ssFrank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is the senior partner of the firm ofF. J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Cata'rrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, 1886.(Seal) A. W. GLEASON,Notary PublicHall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.FOREST NOTES.In preparation for the coming fireseason in California, 110 miles of firelines have been built on the SierraNational 'forest.The imports of matches into Chinagreatly exceed in value any otherwood product. Most of the matchescome mrfo Japan.Redwood sawdust is being used byvineyardists in California for packingfresh table grapes. It takes the placeof the ground cork used for importedSpanish grapes.Hynman Peake, Idaho, the highestnamed peak in the State, is morethan 12,000 feet high. Several un-named peaks near it are about thesame elevation. All are no the dividebetween the Sawtooth and the LemhiNational forest.A two-year-old plantaion of Douglasfir on the Oregon National forestshows 94 per cent, of the trees living.Extensive plantings of young trees inWashington and Oregon are costingonly $8 an acre. Direct seeding oflodgepole pine has been successfulwithont exception on the Araphao National Forest, Colorado. Several ofthe areas sown two and three yearsago, show from 5,000 to 10,000 seedlings per acre.DELEGATES TO BALTIMOREFOR FREE TOLLS REPEALA dispatch from Washington, Friday, said:"Thirteen of Kentucky's delegatesto the Baltimore Convention at least,have informed Senator Gore that theyfavor the repeal of the Panama Canaltolls exemption. Because the Baltimore platform contained a pla"nk indorsing the exemption, Mr. Gorewrote to all the delegates he couldlocate asking them whether, in thelight of recent events, they still desired to support that plank which conflicts with all anti- .ship-subsidyplanks of the Baltimore and past Democratic conventions. By a ratio offive to one, delegates responded rejecting the plank and going on recordfor repeal. More than a majority ofthe delegates have gone on recordagainst the plank, and it was learnedby the Courier-Journal that at leastthirteen of these are Kentuckians, asfollows: Claude B. Terrell, Bedford;A. Gatliff, Williamsburg; Proctor A.Malin, Ashland; R. C. Evans, Danville; R. C. Ford, Middlesboro; Dr.W. R. Ray, F. Thatcher, Pikeville;D. W. Gardner, Salyersville; LavegaClements, -Qwensboro; William J.Cox, Madisonville; J. N. Kehoe, Maysville; P. B. Miller, Morganfield; J. T.Hinton, Paris."HAPPY MOTHERHOODThe happinessof motherhood istoooftenchecked because the mother's strength isnot equal to her cares, while her unselfishdevotion neglects her own health.It is a duty of husband or friend to seethat she gets the pure medicinal nourishment in Scott's Emulsion, which is nota drug or stimulant but nature's concentrated oil-food tonic to enrich and enliven the blood, strengthen the nerves andaid the appetite Physicians everywhereprescribe Scott's Emulsion for overworked, nervous, tired women: it buildsupland holds up their strength. ,,oet Bcotis at your nearest drug stoct.r wsOpportunity Knocks But Once atYour Door. It is Knotkins"TODAY"Now as the time to think of your nextWinter's Coal.Cheaper now than any time duringthe year. Avail yourselves now.Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St. Both Phones 140lpQtocs jpi iil-i. u iijxastgSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, may 24, 1914$1.25iRoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLeaves GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.IA NEAT BARBER SHOP.Mr. Carl Crawford has opened up anew and cozy barber shop at the corner of Fourth and Main streets. Newfurniture, sterilizers, hot water heaters, etc. Mr. Crawford and anothercapable barber are in charge and areready to take care of the wnts of theparticular men. Mr. Crawford invitesall his old customers and the generalpublic to visit him in his new place.(24-tf)BKMm5-the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and pIpdti withnnt a flintsdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the Inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY BavesWORK paves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Ciias. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington. Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto Oil.INSURANCEAGAINSTFIRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINTON,AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, see Jme. 2iSPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed."As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by .feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured aayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggist. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxtoa Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.g1MRoundTripCANCER CURED1 guarantee every case ! un-dertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.iMirnra I In!,w FNow is the time to haveyour wearing apparel cleaned and put in order forSpring.We Do the WorkRight.Comparison will affordyou an opportunity tojudge.Give Us a Trial.ELECTRICDRY GLEANIG GO.Chal Applegate, Props.627 Main St., Paris, Ky.Gurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank);3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths' at AsHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Paijronage Solicited.Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones jUe1.Residence 0e3fDR. A. U KELlLEK,Pbacticing Physician,'Offices, Kooma. 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - KtnckT J- WILLIAMS,J . ATTORNEY-AT-LAW,2oonlElkinJlcUkc 'V"'vrTHE BOURBON NEWS,ae.H"I"I-I"H"I-r4''4"I"l"H'"H''4''4'4'"H'i'4'I flEROIHV4.Amost delightfui resting place The word Aerolux means air and light, yetthey offer perfect seclusion. They do not cost any more than any otherShade and will last longer. Phone us your order and we will senda manto measure your porch and and will hang shadesRefrigerators!THE NEW ICEBERGis the kind to protect your families health.Buy one of our New Iceberg Refrigerators,KThe Big Ice SaversLet us show youloneEof them.4-44A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.! Main and Third.M..I..I..I..t..I.aIn re-finishing old furnituis, first r-:r.ove theorigins! finish -.hh ShenvinWiiliamc Taxitc, paint and8 varnlhh icTt er. Esy to applyM - - r-i tiitWj pira-r.ii iit-ihi t , .rm nrr-miu it 1 rm m Mm ToJfC. A. DAUGHERTYSWEET CLOVER.The Kansas Experiment Station ina recent publication makes it plainthat sweet clover, a hitherto neglected plant, despised as a perniciousweed, has very considerable agricultural value. It is stated that "as asoil improver it is unexcelled; forpasturing purposes is has considera-1 m - ame vuiue: anu as a iura.ge uup il wu"be utilized to good advantage where jalfalfa or red clover can not be successfully grown."Attention is called to the fact that"there are several varieties of thesweet clover, of which the commonwhite sweet clover and the large biennial yellow sweet clover are themost important. The white varietyis generally to be prefrred for farmpurposes, although the biennial yellow is sometimes preferred wliere hayproduction is desired." Sweet cloveris adapted to a wide range of soil, andwhile it does best on good soil, it willmake a satisfactory growth on verypoor soil.Grown on good soil and properlyhandled it makes a fair quality' ofbay which may in many cases besubstituted with advantage for themore valuable alfalfa and cloverhays. In actual nutritive constituents it is practically equal to these.It makes an excellent pasture for cattle, sheep, horses and hogs t .and forthis purpose raay be profitably grownon very poor and rough 'land.For quick results in improving thesoil sweet clover is superior to most..other crops. Its ability to thrivelfii4'14'ivl'4liili1'ii4'4'4'4''H''I'i''l'4''I''I"r''I'4''I'''i''I'4'4''I'Ice Boxes Jh; ew hftskind. It you havehad trouble in keepingthe ice bill from being solarge, try the Newlceberg. $9 to $35.GoCarts and SulkiesJust received a largeshipment of Go-Cartsand Sulkies for the baby$2.50 up to $25CHAS. GREEN, Mgr.give a New Finish toOld Furniture.Every housewife has one or morepieces of old furniture that would be"good as new" if refinished. To havethe work clone would be too expensive. She can do the job herself andget splendid results withSiHERWfN-iFL00RLACand varnish combined thatstaingives a handsome finish and wearsdurably. It preserves the beauty ofthe actual iunof the wood and doesnot fade out, as do so'many of thefugitive dye stains on the market. Awide variety of shades offer opportunity for almost any finish desired.well on soils lacking in humus orotherwise badly run down makes itespecially adapted for this purpose.Like alfalfa, cowpeas and other legumes, it has the ability to obtainnitrogen from the air by means of thenitrogen-gathering bacteria which livein tubercles on the roots in which itgrows. When plowed under for greenmanure or allowed to remain on theland this crop is a very efficientI "" ,AM -w. w --hll u!nr n fne humus conten(. of the soil The large rootSwhich pentrate deeply, break up thelower layers of the soil and add muchhumus thereto when the decay, thusimproving the physical condition ofthe soil to a considerable depth below the depth of plowing. Sandyas well as heavy clay and hard pansoils, which would be so improved intexture by growing sweet clover for afew years that they become quite productive. A weed has been defined as a plantwhich has not yet found its properuse.In view of present knowledge ofits possibilities sweet clover cannolonger be regarded as a weed.STUNG!"A fellow in New York advertiseda sure way to cure dyspepsia," saidSi Heck. "So I sent the dollar, andwhat do you think I got?""What did you get?" asked LemBins."A card with this printed on it:Live On A Dime A Day And Earn ItYourself,' " replied Si Heck. ' ,Aeroluxfy WhipShadeOn a Hot, Sultryafternoon when thewind and sun aredisagreeable theAerolux No WhipShade transformyour porch into the, IOpp. Court HouseSELL, KILL OR CONFINE THEROOSTER BEGINNING MAY23Because rosters are allowed to runwith laying hens during the warmweather $15,000,000 worth of eggs arelost to the farmers throughout theUnited States each year; and most ofthis loss occurs during June, July andAugust. For this reason raisers ofpoultry are asked to kill or sell allmatured males or confine them inpens away from the laying hens during the summer. Eggs that are laidby hens not mated are sterile and infertile, and do not decay. The fertilized eggs spoil very quickly whensubjected to the influence of heat,and if they are left too long in thenests or under broody hens or areleft in very warm places the germcells begin to develop and the chicksbegin to grow. These growing cellsmay die at any stage of developmentdue to unfavorable conditions.Whether the embryo dies or not,the egg is useless as food is unfit formarket. If the wives of the farmerswould once realize how much moneythey practically lose by allowing theroosters to run with the layers theywould immediately stop the practice.Not one egg more is produced with amale running with a flock of hensJ than without one, and unless theroosters are valuable as breeders, itis far better to dispose of them at theend of the breeding season and replace them with the younger stockthe following spring. If we followthis plan we can always have good,strong, vigorous cockrels (youngroosters) for breeders, and at thesame time get rid of the care of thenon-producers. Let us at least makethe most of what we possess.In order to have concerted action inthis matter the Poultry Departmentof the United States Government hasdesignated the 23d day of May, to beknown among poultry raisers as"Rooster Day." Then sell, kill orconfine the rooster.The well-known poultry buyers whoare members of the Southern Poultryand Egg Shippers' Association haveagreed to pay a higher price for theroosters on that day.CITY SCHOOLS COVEREDSY TEXT BOOK BILLWhile an opinion of Judge Stout, ofthe Franklin Circuit Court, holdingthat city schools should be includedin the five-year-contract for the textbooks to be let by the State TextBook Commission has not yet reachedFrankfort from Georgetown, fromwhich point Judge Stout telephonedhe had sent it, Assistant AttorneyGeneral Charles H. Morris and Attorney A. H. Carroll, of Louisville,representing book concerns, whosued for a construction of the law,j lmve arrGen- to submit the case onibriefs at once to the Court of Appeals. The case will not be argued because no date is open before June 6.lj " Oil; 1 ar n I11'; tl3M !1 CROPS .OF STATE ARE IN EX-, -,C,ELLENT SHAPE SAYS REPORT"After a drouth a good crop .year,."is an old saying that is believed bymost farmers. In truth there seemsto be come scientific basis for this.The first crop report for the year1941 would indicate that this yearwould be no exception to the rule.Probably never in the history of theState was there a more promisingoutook for a good crop year than attthe beginning of this season.The wheat acreage of last fall isgiven, at 95, and practically none ofthis was plowed up this spring.Ninety-seven per cent, of the original sowing was left standing May 1.The condition of this large acreageis 99. This would indicate an unusually large yield of wheat.The original acreage of rye sownlast fall was 95.The corn acreage planted is 91 percent., while 76 per cent, of the plowing intended for corn was done May 1.Planting is now in full swing, withthe codition favorable. Deep plowinghas been practiced this year morethan ever before, and favorableweather for the next few weeks' willinsure a large acreage of corn in afirst-class seed bed.The oat acreage planned is given at89, with 80 per cent, of it sown May 1.While the dark tobacco crop planted is only given at 79, the conditionof plant beds is given at 96.The average plant of hurley is givenat 81, with the condition of plant beds91. There is some complaint of insects and cutworms injuring the tocbaco beds. The pastures are in unusually good condition. The condition of bluegrass is given at 93, withevery promise of a large crop of bluegrass seed.Clover is given at 85, alfalfa at 93and orchard grass at 92.Fruits of all kinds have escapeddestruction by freezing, and the apple, cherry and plum crops are unusually promising.Pears and peaches suffered somefrom late frosts, especially in the central part of the State. However, wewill have more than three-fourths ofa pear and peach crop.The strawberries are in good condition with promise of a bountiful yield.Ninety-five per cent, of a potato cropis planned.Live stock of all kinds camethrough the winter in good condition.It is estimated that 4 per cent, of theliorses died in the last twelve monthsand 3.7 per cent, of the cattle.The loss of sheep is estimated at 6per cent., and lambs 10 per cent.The greatest-loss is from hog cholera, and it is estimated that 11.3 percent, of the hogs of the State werelost by this disease, some sections ofthe State being entirely free from thedisease, while the loss runs as highas 50 per cent, in other sections.FOR A TORPID LIVER."I have used Chamberlain's Tabletsoff and on for the past six yearswhenever my liver shows signs of being in a disordered condition. Theyhave always acted quickly and givenme the desired relief," writes Mrs.F. H. Trubus, Springville, N. Y. Forsale by all dealers.(May) (adv)KENTUCKY WIDOWTO GET $26,538.WASHINGTON May 15. Withouta dissenting vote the House passedthe Cantrill bill, providing for the payment ot $26,538 to Mrs. L. HelenDennis, or Gratz, Owen County, thewidow of James H. Dennis, in accordance with the findings of the Gourt ofClaims and numerous favorable reports by the claim committee. Theclaim, which is the largest singleclaim that has passed the House during this Congress is the outgrowth ofcertain contracts made by the FederalGovernment with Mr. Dennis for theimprovement of the Tennessee river,that were made between October,1868, and April, 1872. Mr. Daniels expended a large sum of money in carrying out the contracts, and as a result of not being pafd by the Government lost his entire fortune. Thebills to pay this long standing claimhave been favorably reported in theSenate six times, have been favorablyreported in the House eight times andpassed the House twice. Representative Cantrill said he is confidenthis bill will pass this Senate and thePresident will sign it during this Congress. The House also passed a billintroduced by Mr. Cantrill to pay 250to James S. Clark, of Fayette county,as reparation for damages done to hisfarm while troops were encampedthere during the Spanish-Americanwar. .COUGHED FOR THREE YEARS"I am a lover of your Godsend to humanity and science. Your medicine,Dr. King's New Discovery, cured mycough of three years' standing," saysJennie Flemming, of New Dover, O.,Have you an annoying cough? Is itstubborn and won't yield to treatment? Get a 50c. bottle of Dr. King'sNew Discovery today. What it didfor Jennie Flemming it will do for youno matter how stubborn or chronica cough may be. It stops a cough andstops throat and lung trouble Reliefor money 'back. 50c. and $1.00 atyour druggist's.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for Pimples.(May) (adv)12 - !-EAgleeyeSALVEG000 FOR THE EYES-AND EYES ONLYEAGLE EYES?Bo yon think that watery, matteryeyes are natnral? Do j on believethat styes, granulated lids, poorsight, growths, are "natural? UseEAGLE EYE SALVE and yon haveEagle Ejes again.I!For Sale by All Druggists.- Is ' "JONES A LADIES MAN AS "- WELL AS "A SEA FIGHTER- -John Pa.ul Jones was somethingmore than a sea fighter. After hisgreat battle he knew Tarilliant days jnParis, where Queen Marie Antoinettepaid him attention and invited himto sit beside her at the opera. Allthe great ladies ran after him, andquite a few seriously lost their heartto him. An American woman whomet him in Paris wrote this accountof him: "He is small of stature, wellproportioned, soft hi his sneech. easvin his address, polite in his manners, vastly civil, understands all theettiquette of a lady's ' toilet just asperfectly as he does the masts, sailsand rigging of his ship. Under allthe appearance of this softness he isbold, enterprising, ambitious and active." KEEP THE BOWELMOVEMENT REGULARDr. King's New Life Pills keep thestomach, liver and kidneys in ahealthy condition, Rid the body ofpoisons and waste. Improve yourcomplexion by flushing the liver andkidneys. "I got more relief from onebox of Dr. King's New Life Pills thanany medicine I ever tried," says C. E.Hatfield, of fihicaero. Til 25rv ntyour druggist's.(May) (adv)SohOTV Hj"ir ti(Copyright, by McClure Syndicate.)CONFER AS TO UNIFORMACCOUNTING SYSTEMThe State Sinking Fund Commissioners held a long conference Fridaywith expert accountants in regard tothe installation of a uniform accounting system, but the contract was notlet, as one bidder was not present.Dr. L. G. Parks, of Washington; Goodloe & Meldrum, of Louisville; Chas.H. Wentzell, of Cincinnati; WillisonAudit Co., of Clarksburg, W. Va., andPerine & Nichols, of New York, arebidders. Estimates on the time it willrequire to install the system make thecost range from $3,600 to $10,000.CHILD CROSS? FEVERISH? SICK?A cross, peevish, listless child, withcoated tongue, pale, doesn't sleep,eats sometimes very little, then againravenously; stomach sour;" breathfetid; fetid; pains in stomach, withdiarrhea; grinds teeth while asleep,and starts up with terror all suggesta Worm Killer something that expelsworms, and almost every child hasthem. Kickapoo Worm Killer isneeded. Get a box today. Start atonce. You won't have to coax, asKickapoo Worm Killer is a candy confection. Expels the worms, the causeof your child's troubles. 25c. at yourdruggist's.(May) (adv)L. & N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913No. FROM ;34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 's-lam134 Lexington, Ky., Daily !!!!!!!I!!!!""5:l8ant'29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y ,7-35am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7-33 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 7-45 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:42am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily . t "... 9-33 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday "..". 1020 am1? Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:15am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 1024 am2G Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .7.7.7. 1200 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3 -10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ". 3-l5pm138 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:33pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3-30 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5J35pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 550 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6;18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily g-23 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily ! ! ! " ! 7 10:50 pmTrains IDeioart ; - '.No. TO34 Cincinnati, O., Daily 5:28 am -4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:35 am7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except 'Sunday 7:47 anx40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday .'. 7:50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9:43 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9:45 ara33 Jacksonwille, FJa., Daily 7.7 10:29 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily , iQ:2Tam6 Maysville, Ky., Daily 12:05pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:04 am13 Lexington, Ky., Dally Except Sunday. ...... r. : r. . ." . . 3:33 m38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3:4jj9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday y&..K .. . .". 5;56.pm39 Lexington Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. .- " 558 im"32 Cincinnati, O., Daily ,'.2wm.8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ' 6:2 pm30 Cynthiana. Ky., Daily Except Sunday " g im31 Lexington. Ky., Daily " 10 'Hem-'131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily l:57pmP cfe o. ri3VfliE3-ir.-iIsTrains rrrre ,, Jv,No. . FROM ' -w2 Frankfort. Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 7.a.4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,.1 -gf p, 'Trains Depart "No. TO1 Frankkfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -. g-se aa. ,3 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . vrii-- Sr 83 !SAVE ' MONEYWHEN YOUPAINT YOUR HOUSEIt costs no more to apply HighStandard"quality paint and it givesmore beautiful effects and wearslonger. Thus you will get bestresults and save money by usingThis is a ready-to-use paint of highest quality. It has great spreadingandprotecting power, and the colors arevery durable. It corners in a large number of tints and shades, makingpossibleany color scheme.Come in for color cards, and let ua.help solve your painting problems.Chas. E. Butler &Xo.Opp. Court House.DONOT HAVE POWER TOPENALIZE GAS COMPANIESCities of the fifth class have no authority to enact ordinances penalizinga gas company for discriminating between consumers in the' price chargedfor gas, .the Court of Appeals declared Friday in the case of the United Fel Gas Co. vs. the Commonwealth, on relation, etc.,in which thegas company appealed from a judgment fining it under an ordinance ofthe city of Louisa. The company furnished gas for 20 cents the thousandunder five-year contracts and chargedothers 25 cents. The Council passedan ordinance prohibiting a gas company charging one customer morethan another. The Court held" itscharter gave no such authority to theCouncil to enact such a measure andheld it void, "as the ordinance granting the franchise is a contract between the city and the grantee of the.franchise, and one party cannot, by itsact, impose a fine on the other partyfor a violation of the contract in' theabsence of legislative authority." ,CONVICTS' PER DIEM CASEBEFORE APPELLATE COURTArguments were made Friday before the Court of Appeals in the suitbrought in behalf of convicts for aper diem allowance of their earningsunder the prison contracts betweenJune 15, 1910, and August 1, 1912, thefirst date being the time when the lawallowing them wages became operaative, and the latter the time whenthe Prison Board first set apart forthe convicts a portion of their earnings. Judge Stout decided in favorof the convicts in the Franklin CircuitCourt, and the Prison Commissionersappealed.taErolkrsvsJ-frzW ?v. --c. -w.5,"-v.-1 . afiS -.TR," x' w i;?r - "j . 0THE BOURBON NEWfS, PARIS,' KY, MAY J 9 1914t ! ilPUBLIC SALEOPBourbon College BuildingAnd PremisesAND34tTHEATRIGALDEATHS44444-44tSixteen Building Lots,At College Hill Place, Paris, Ky.I will offer at Public Auction the Bourbon ICollege Building and Premises; also, SixteenBuilding Lots, on ,Thursday, May 21, 1914,to the highest bidder, sale beginningAT 2:30 P. M.The College Building and Grounds, which includes about 1.58 acres,well equipped for operation as a Private School, College or an Apartment House, having all modern conveniences, including hot waterheating plant in good condition.The Sixteen Building Lots will front on Pine-Crest Avenue, whichwill run from Cypress Street to the extension of Walker Avenue infront of the College Building.This Addition will be one of the most desirable ever offered inParis for home building sites.The lots are located on College Hill, the highest point in the city,and have natural drainage, and convenient to the business part of thecity, railroad station, car line, churches and schools. The grpundshave fine shade trees, which require a long time to produce.Sanitary Sewe'rs have been installed and water connections made;natural gas and electric light on ground.Never before in he history of the city has such a opportunitybeen offered the home builders to obtain lots having such advantages.Plats of the property, showing size of lots and location of streets,can be seen at my office or the office of Harris & Speakes. The publicis cordially invited to inspect the property, including the CollegeBuilding, which will be shown to them by Mrs. Thompson, presidentof the college.The lots will be sold only to white persons, and to persons who desire to build residences of not less than $2,000 in value. The smallcottage that is on the premises will also be sold on condition that samebe removed from premises within thirty days from date of sale.VALUABLE PRIZES FREE.Silitf Gild Watch, Elgin Mtvement valued at $40. New an Display in Shire Jb Fithian's show windtw.Beautiful Brass Bed. Now on display in the show window of theJ.T. HiMtin Company. This bed would be an ornament to any home.Alst, Seven Cash Prizes will be given away. Attend the sale anddraw a prize.TERMS OF SALE WILL BE: One-third cash and the balance intwo equal payments in one and Iwo years from date, evidenced bypromissory notes bearing interest at 6 per cent, per annum from dateof sale until paid, and secured by lien on premises, with privilege ofpaying all cash.CLIFTON ARNSPARGER.HARRIS & SPEAKES and M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneers.c Columbia To-day. vAt the Columbia to-day "A Prisonerin the Harem," in four reels will beshown. The atmosphere in this storyof thrill and unique sensationalism ispungent with the aroma of mysterious,' treacherous, voluptuous India.The spectacle of women being tradedlike merchandise and cattle, represents an interesting problem of modern civilization in the East. The animal interest, interwoven with thetheme 'and plot produces a combination at once forcefully interesting andcompelling. To it all are addedtouches of genius reflecting the personalities of Countess de Marstini inthe title role and the artistry of Herbert Blache, the producing director.Toru, the beautiful daughter of aHindu miser, inspires the Raja withindominate desire for her acquisitionto his harem. By his order she ispurchased, although she is affianced toAkbar, a peasant youth. Deaf to herpleadings and protestations, she is taken the palace where she makes avery unruly queen. Akbar, with theaid of a lamed tiger, aids his imprisoned sweetheart to escape, but theyare recaptured and Akbar is sentenced to be devoured by his pet tigerwhich is deprived of food for severaldays. This plan failing, the inexorable monarch orders that hungry lionsbe let into Akbar's cell, so that bothhe and his tiger be destroyed at once.Toru is forced to witness her sweetheart's torture from the Royal box.The maddened tiger, however, comesto the aid of its master, and an encounter between the two animals ensues with the result that the lion iskilled. The infuriated Rajah himselfundertakes to execute his prisoner,but the tiger leaps on his back andmauls the Monarch to death. Eventsthen follow in rapid succession. Inthe tumult Akbar escapes. The Rajah's brother succeeds to the throne,and Toru is ordered sacrificed on thealtar of fire. But Akbar, the tiger andthe English soldiers arrive in time toprevent this outrage.Alamo Theatre."The Pride of Jennico" will be theattraction at the Alamo this afternoonand evening. The story is told whenfortune and glory were carved by thesword, Basil Jennico. the descendantof a proud and haughty house, walking among the old ancestral chambers,dreams of his gallant forefathers andtheir daring deeds performed for thesmile of a lady fair. Inspired by hislofty heritage and the atmosphere of,COUITHARD.Mrs. Margaret Hall Coulthard, 70,widow of the late John R. Coulthard,of Bourbon county, died at the homeof her daughter, Mrs. E. Clark Frjtts,in Lexington, at 3:20 o'clock, Sundayafternoon. Mrs. Coulthard was thedaughter of the late Henry Hall andis survived by two sons and a daughter. The sons are William H., ofBourbon county, and Sidney F anathe daughter, Mrs. E. Clark Fritts, ofLexington. The funeral will takeplace at the Fritts residence at 2o'clock this afternoon, and there willalso be a service at the family lot inthe Paris cemetery. Rev. Walter L.Brock, of Lexington, and Rev. W. E.Ellis, of Paris, will officiate. A special car for all friends will leave theresidence at 2:45. The pall-bearerswill be John L. Hall, John R. Hall,Fithian Hall, Frank Smith, JamesSmith and Charles Hall.Mrs. Coulthard resided in Bourboncounty until three years ago, andsince that time she has made herhome with her daughter, in Lexington. She was a memeber of the ParisChristian church for many years.DANIELS.The funeral of Mrs. Eleanor Arnold Daniels, who died in Atlanta,Ga., Wednesday, following a surgicaloperation, took place here Saturday,the interment following services atthe Episcopal church.Mrs. Daniels was the daughter ofJ. M. and Nellie Hart Talbott Arnold,formerly of Bourbon county. She wasalso a niece of Messrs. William G.and Hart Talbott, of near Paris.Mrs. Daniels was a widow, and besides her parents, is survived by adaughter, twelve years of age, twosisters, Misses Lucy and Sophia Arnold, and three brothers; Messrs. Talbott, E. C. and Jas. M. Arnold, Jr.The pall-bearers were BucknerWoodford, Dr. C. J. Clarke, J. HarryHolt, Clell Turney, Dr. C. G. Daugherty, R. K. McCarney, Charlton Alexander and Hugh I. Brent.iWolf, Vile I Go.Fprmerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington,KentuckyClearance of Allti'nSpring SuitsFor Women ISEED CORN.Carefully selected seed corn, testedfor germination. Good. Phones 84.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.(21-3 wks) Paris, Ky.A RARE OPPORTUNITY.If you are looking for a home don'toverlook the Yerkes property. Oneof the best built and centrally locatednoM.ity and" bravery in which he has o-esia Paris T. buUding lots .onJ. J. Ill ailCCb A G fcuti iiiwuu uuutiuu.uever offered in years in Paris. Youare invited to call and' inspect theproperty on Saturday.(19-tf)444,'I0,!,,I,'I,4'4,44,4,I"l,,MI,4''I,iI,!"I"I,tIII','S,4''43P-u.oj.ioSstleOFMODERN RESIDENCE!On Thursday, May 2&9 at 2 p. m.,I will sell to the highest and best bidder my property, located onSixteenth Street, in Paris, Ky.The property consists of a new frame cottage of five rooms,two porches, pantry, bath, stone foundation, splendid cellar, water,electric lihgts, concrete walks, sewer connection.The residence is well built of the very best material. It is avery desirable home, convenient to car line and railroad station;and in a good neighborhood. It would also be a splendid investment for rental purposes.Terms made known on day of sale. OMER WILSON.For further information, address Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky.Notice to Contractorsbeen reared, Basil taigs for love andadventure. At this romantic periodof Basil's life, his aged uncle, the lineal head of his house, dies and makesBasil swear by the sword that he willalways uphold the pride of Jennico.Basil becomes Lord of Tollenhall andmaster of the broad acres of theDuchy of Lausitz, but titles, estatesand splendor do not compensate forthe absence of love. Princess Ottilie,a beautiful, whimsical maiden, is urg-' ed by her guardian,, to marry PrinceJ j Eugen, a worthless rogue, whom Ot-uiie itsars uuu luaiuea. xu avuiumarrying Eugen, the Princess effectsher escape from the castle in theguise of her maid, Marie, who followsafter her mistress. The two are overtaken by a storm and seek shelter of.Jennico Castle.Marie is introduced to Jennico asthe Princess, but Jennico falls madlyin love with Otilie, whom he believesto be the maid. Love and pride struggle for supremacy. Jennico is heartbroken, because his sworn duty tomaintain the dignity ot his houseprohibits his marriage to the maid.! The wilful, fascinating maid intimatesj to Jennico that the Princess admireshim, and, repressing love for duty,J he courts the "princess." The marri-age is arranged. Princess Ottilie andher maid confer and arrange tochange places at the altar. Jennicoi greets his bride, heavily veiled, but1 when at last he looks upon her facehe sees the piquant, mocking Ottilieand thinks he has married the maid.Love bids him accept his happiness,but his pride asserts itself and he resents the supposed deception. Ottilie,noticing his anger and pique becausehe is not content with her regardlessof her apparent low rank, leaves him.Desperate for the love of the absentand tantalizing beauty, he seeks thesupposed maid, encounters the bitterenmity and jealously of the defeatedPrince Eugen and his trusted force;but, despite all opposition and againstall odds, he wins his way to Ottilie-'sheart to find that valor has not onlywon him a heart ot gold, but a titlethat adds to the pride of Jennico.THE HAPPIEST PERIODThe happiest period in the life of aboy or girl is when they graduate.' They expect gifts from their friends.Bids for the erection of the Y. M. C. ?i?terJs h th,e ?ifs that will please.it m uuuul wnai 10 get iet winters(19-tf)AUCTION SALE OFLOTS THURSDAY.Bourbon College building and grounds,and 16 beautiful building sites, will besold at auction Thursday afternoon at2:30 o'clock. See the 40 solid goldwatch in Shire & Fithian's window;also, the handsome brass . bed in theshow window of the J. T. Hinton Co.Both of the above prizes, and sevencash prizes will be given away free.Don't forget the date. (It)Every woman who can use a new Suit thisSpring should avail herself of the remarkably lowpriees that are offered in our Clearance Sale nowgoing on.Our entire stock of lightweight Spring WoolenSuits are on sale at drastically lowered prices-abouta third less than usual.The deptn of reductions is shown by the following low pricei:oAll $17.50 and $20.00 SuitsReduced toAll $25.00 to $30.00 SuitsReduced to$1 2.75$19.75All $35.00 to $45.00 SuitsReduced toS25HiAll $50.00 to $85.00 Suits AA Ct Reduced to 90i WWAlterations FreeI Wolf, Wile Sc Co.formerly Jfifaufmanj Straus dc CoexingtJOL5LysJIRMQNALAUCTION SALE OF LOTS MAY 21.A. building, Paris, Ky., will be openedat 10 a. m T,.nesday, June 2. All bidsarast besealed and in the hands oftfce Building Committee by that date.Specifications may be obtained by addressing the Secretary at the Peoples'IBank, Paris, Ky.'BUILDING COMMITTEE.f (12-td)R. J. NEELYWAREHOUSEStiMes aid Coal YardFor Rent!suggest.NOTICE TO STOCKMEN.List your stock in M. J. Murphy'smonthly combination sales. Plenty ofI uuyers always on nana, we can sellJ your horses, mules, ponies, cows, cattle, hogs, sheep and poultry at goodprices. Next sale will be held on Mon-,day, June l, county court day.(21ap-tf)DESIRABLE BUILDINGSITES AT AUCTION.The building lots in "College HillPlace7' are the most desirable residence sites to be had in Paris. Readthe advertisement on page 4, and at-f the Louisville & Nasville for damagesFor over 30 years this has been asful business stand in the Farmwent, Seeds and Coal Business.ion on or about July 1.W. W. MITCHELL; Agt.tend the auction sale on Thursday,May zi. (it)SUPERIOR FURNITURE POLISHGives new polish to old furniture;produces a gloss or hand rubbed finish; dries hard; never sticks; neverinjures. Call, and get sample; everybottle fully guaranteed.CHAS. B. BUTLER & CO.Opp. Court House, Paris, Ky. .(1-tf)Bourbon College'building-and grounds,and 16 beautiful building sites will besold at auction Thursday afternoon, at2:30 o'clock. See the $40 solid goldElgin watch, in Shire & Fithian's window; also, the handsome bi ass bed inthe show window of the J. T. HintonCo. Both of the above pi izes, andseven cash prizes will be given awayfree. Don't forget the date. . (It)JUREY LUCASThe following invitations havebeen received by relatives and friendsin this city:Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Nice Jureyrequest the honor of your presenceat the marriage of their -daughterMarguerite MaytoMr. Ire Emerson Carter Lucason Wednesday evening, MaytwentiethOne thousand nine hundred andfourteenat half past eight o'clockPresbyterian ChurchPewee Valley, KentuckyMiss Jurey will be remembered ashaving visited her uncle, Mr. J. S.Wilson, in this city, and during herstay in this city made many friends.Mr. Lucas is a prominent young manof Washington, D. C.Mr. Clay Sutherland, a friend of thebride-elect, will render the followingmusical numbers at tne wedding:"A Love Song" Heasche"Contentment" Sautler"Your Voice" Denza"Ecstasy" Beach"Beloved" NeedlmgerTO THE LADIES.Lace curtains nicely laundered at25 cents per pair.MRS. MINNIE THOMSON.Over Mann & James' Pool Room.TT v rll v JLiUfY aJIIU tt 1112ftFERTILIZERS.ywSIkaThe newest and smartest Pumbs in Patent,Dull Kid and Gun Metal, in Colonial andBulgarian styles, with the new Louis and SpoolHeels. ,Also Baby Doll Pumps in Patent and GunMetaL Come to us to be fitted.I PhcGeo. Mc Williams,Phones 301The Shoe ManIJRETRIAL OF CASE AGAINST . XWESTERN UNION POSTPONEDBy agreement of counsel for theLouisville & Nashville and the Western Union' Telegraph Company, theretrial of the case of the railroadagainst the telegraph company willnot be heard before Judge Evans onMay 20, the date originally selected.ine case concerns the demands oftor the use of its right of way forwires and poles by the defendant company. At the first trial $500,000 damageswas awarded to the Dlaintiif. butJudge Evans decided that the jurorshad considered testimony which hehad ruled out, and a new trial was accordingly ordered.A case now pending in McCrackencounty, said to effect the same issue.is the cause of the postponement. Theaaie ior tne retrial wm not be set until the State litigation is disposed of. ,Talk with us before you buy. OurTobacco Fertilizer is made from aformula furnished by the LexingtonExperiment, Station. It. is the highestgrade 'made and requires fewerpounds. . , t. .'50ur CorrfrFertilize'r has been' trieda5d found to lie correct.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(12-4t) Both Phones 14.VALUABLE PRIZES FREEValuable prizes will be given awayfree at the sale of lots on College HillPlace, on Thursday afternoon. Seethe solid gold Elgin watch, valued at$40, in Shire & Fithian's window. Also,the handsome brass bed in the windowof the J. T. Hinton Co. Seven othercash prizes will also be given awayfree. (It;FOR SALE.Country Lard and Hams for sale.MRS. J. H. THOOMPSON.Paris, Ky.E. T. Phone 256-1 ring.,19-3tINTEREST CENTERED IN THE' SUNDAY SCHOOL LEAGUE.CHOICE LOTS AT AUCTIONI Attend the sale of desirable lots onMuch interest is being manifested College Hill Place, on Thursday afterin the opening of the Bourbon county noon at 2:30 o'clock. Sixteen of .theSunday School League. The first choicest lots around Paris will be sold,games will be played next Saturday Several valuable prizes will be given'afternoon at Spears' Mill, between awav- -C11)Hutchison and Millersburg. JThayoung men to compose the teams areworking hard to get into condition forthe opening of the season, and it is expected some interesting contests willresult.FRESH BERRIESANDVEGETABLES'.The two teams to represent thisi Our berries and Vegetables are likecity in the league will have practiceWednesday afternoon at White Park.One team will be selected from theSunday schools of the denominationalchurches and one team to be .Jmownas the Loyal Sons will be selectedfrom the Sunday School of the Christian Church. Those at the head ofthe teams here believe they will havean abundance of material from whichto pick the teams, and the work ofjseiecung tne nest players win oeginat the practice to-morrow afternoon.j home grown. We receive them directevery day.(It)C. P. COOK & CO.BE SURE TO ATTEND.'Be sure to attend the sale of thehousehold goods at Bourbon Collegeon ,Wednesday, June 3. ' (td)5 For Your Den 5Beautiful College Pennants.Yale and Harvard, each 9 in. x 24 in.Princeton, Cornell, Michigan,Each T in. x 21 in.All best quality felt with felt heading, streamers, letters and mascot ex-,ecuted in proper colors. This splendid assortment sent postpaid for 50cents and 5 stamps to pay postage.Send now.HOWARD SPECIALTY COMPANY,Dayton, Ohio. 'V7 As! 'THE BOURBONNEWS, PARIS, KENXQCRY, 'MAY-19- 1314r -fXL77y -X- V "'ViSr&Wj&m.Of&crreAfeftfrtSiZsHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADE.SOCIAL AND PERSONALSEED CORNSpecial In White ' EnamelWare.We are selling seed corn that willgrow. Almost perfect .germination.Both phones 14.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(5 may-3vks)BIDDLE PROPERTY IS UP FORSALE EUT IS WITHDRAWNThe property of Mrs. Frankie D.Biddle, located at Muir, which wasoffered at public sale Saturdaythrough the real estate agency ofHarris & Speakes, of this city, wasbid to 1,100 and withdrawn.IMPORTED NUTS.Pistachio Nuts, imported from Jerusalem. The best nut that grows.Try them.(19-2t) JAS. E. CRAVEN.EAGLES TO HAVE BUSINESSMEETING TOMORROW NIGHTThe Bourbon Aerie of Eagles willbold a business meeting at their clubrooms on Fifth street, Wednesdayevening at 7:30 o'clock, and all members of the order are requested to bepresent at that time to participate.Matters of impo'rtance will be takenup, and, following the business session, a social hour will be enjoyed .DON'T FORGET THE DATE!Remember the date of the CollegeHill Place sale, Thursday afternoon,May 21, at 2:30 o'clock. (It)COFFEE! COFFEE!We grind it while you wait. Pulverized Coffee goes twice ,as far asground.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.WOOL!We pay highest market price forwool. Get your sacks from us. Bothphones 14.(5-6t) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.LOCAL AUTOMOBILE COMPANYSELLS MACHINES IN B0UR30NCity Clerk J. W. Hayden is inStanford for a few days on business.Mrs. Power and Mr. and Mrs. Ed.j Kenner, of Maysville, are visiting Mr.and Mrs. H. A. Power.Miss Constance King, of Covington, is visiting her aunt, Mrs. J. W.Tayior, on High street.Misses Rebecca and Tillie Jaynes,of Lexington, are guests of the MissesOwen, on South Main street.Rev. and Mrs. J. T. Sharrard rs-! turned vesterHnv nftor o tm"o; vnin:,:: t 77" r J . "" w c-uves in narnson uoimty.vMr. P. A. Thompson visited hisparents, Col. and Mrs. J. R. Thompson, in Covington, Sunday.Mrs. John Reynolds, of Cynthiana, is visiting her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. W. Dickey, in this city.Miss Jeannette Biooker, of Louisville, is the attractive guest of Mrs.Frank Kiser, on Houston avenue.Miss Jennie Slicer, of Nepton, isvisiting the family of her brother, Mr.1A. L. Slicer, on South Main street.Mr. Chas. Adcock returned to hishome in Lawrenceburg yesterday after a pleasant visit with Paris friends.Miss Lucille Sprake, of Louisville, is spending a short vacationwith her mother, Mrs. Lucy Sprake.Mr. Maurice Burnaugh, of NewYork, is visiting his parents, Mr. andMrs. Jas. D. Burnaugh, on South Mainstreet.Mr. J. Q. Ward, of Paris, is oneof a party that is in a fishing camp onSlate Creek, in Montgomery county,this week.Miss Emily VanArsdale, of Lexington, Avas a guest at the junior reception given at Bourbon College,Saturday evening.Mr. Chas. E. Butler, Jr., of Carlisle, was called to this city yesterdayon account of the illness of his father,Mr. C. E. Butler, Sr.Mrs. Burtch Bell, who has beenvisiting her 'parents, Mr. and Mrs. W.A. Beheler, returned to her home inGallipolis, O., Friday afternoon.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft and Mrs.Lizzie Walker attended the funeral ofRev. John S. Shouse, in Lexington,greatly loved by those who knewhim in Paris, where he has frequentlyoccupied the pulpit in the Christianchurch.Mrs. Edward Slattery, of thiscity, was taken to the St. Joseph Hospital, in Lexington, Friday, where sheunderwent an operation yesterday.Reports from her bedside are to theeffect that she rallied from the ordeal and is doing as well as could beexpected.Miss Mary Fithian HutchcraftECONOMIZE! ECONOMIZE!salesalesaleThe Bourbon Garage and SupplyCo., sold during the past few days anduwnww i.vr v.aa i.w.j j.wi-3, v. , iii,,, nr TT TJ.i4-'Ustr.?fNorth Middletown, this county, a five-iau" VLI1-l'r ; r?cu?c" """"'euiei lameu cue Luuuwiug bucdio wiiu.x dinner party at tne ayette uountypassenger Franklin touring car. Thecompany also sold and delivered toMr. W. Whaley.a Reo roadster.OLDEST IN THE BUSINESS.Lawn mowers sharpened and re?automobile and machine repair shopin the city.SAM'L KERSLAKE & SON,East Cor. Third & Pleasant Sts.(15-8t)PORCH SHADESWe sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.lo-tf)SEVERAL TAKE COUNTYSCHOOL EXAMINATION.The following young women tookthe county school examination Fridayand Saturday befre the county superintendent: Misses Amelia Kuster,Mayo Oliver, Anna Burns, Mae Shannon, Sadie Sons, Gertrude Turpin,Nannette Wallingford, Margaret Minogue, and Nancy Sons. Miss Turpinis a member of the Senior Class of theHigh School, and Miss Wallingford ofthe Senior Class of Bourbon College.FOR THE SWEETGIRL GRADUATENo matter what you buy for theyoung girl graduate, if it comes fromWinters' she will be pleased.(19-tf)GOLD WATCH FREE.A gold watch will be one of the niceprizes offered to buyers at the College Hill sale.ODD FELLOWS ENJOY SOCIALSESSION SUNDAY AFTERNOON.The members of Bourbon Lodge No.23, I. O. O. F., enjoyed a delightfulsocial session Sunday afternoon at thelodge rooms. There was a large attendance of the members and the occasion was a very delightful one.Short addresses were made by Rev.W. E. Ellis, Rev. J. S. Sims, Hon. E.Dickson and Judge E. B. January.This social feature is held on the firstand third Sundays of each month,when the members assemble to dis-.cuss the work of tne oraer.Country Club, Saturday evening:Misses Elizabeth Blythe Bickle,, ofPittsburg, Pa.; Elizabeth Holt, Detroit, Mich.; Kate Alexander, Paris,Messrs. Cassius and Charlton Clay, ofParis.A message received here yesterday told of the serious illness of MissElizabeth Renick, who is under treat-men for typhoid fever in Nashville,Tenn. Mr. Renick was summoned totier oedside Saturday. Miss Renickwas thought to be improving, but Saturday took a sudden change for theworst. Her brother, Mr. ColemanRenick, has also been called to Nashville from Danville, where he is attending school. 3$imBourbon College was the scene ofa brilliant society event, Saturdayevening, tne occasion Demg a reception tendered by the young ladies ofthe iunior class: and while the gathering was very enjoyable yet there Iprevailed a spirit of regret that thiswas the last social affair to "be givenwithin these alls which have echoedso many times with laughter and music on similar occasions, for this timehonored institution will soon close itsdoors, and those who have passed somanv happy hours there and have mingledin so many gala events will beseparated, and the links which havebound them to this community willbe broken. The house was brilliantwith lights and decorated with tropical plants and pink and white flowers. Receiving the guests were Mrs.M. G. Thompson, Mrs. Alice Ware,Misses Elizabeth Clay Mason, MyraJacoby, Rebecca Redmon, Helen Stivers, Mary Stagg, Gladys Markhamand Mabel Estes. Moie than one hundred guests enjoyed the deilghtfulpvpnine. Brick ice cream, individualcakes and mints in the party colors, Iwere served, and the favors were ar-iHstip. hand-namted cards, the work of ,one of the students, Miss Wash, ofFi ankfort.A remarkable sale of Pure Whiteand White Enameled Ware, at a sav-jing m price. We are offering youtne most amazing values in WhiteEnameled Ware Ve have ever beforemade in all our business experience.We are making these prices simplybecause we are overstocked and wantto turn it into cash. Every pieceguaranteed to be the highest quality.Here is only a few of what we haveland prices will run like the following:1 Quart Lipped Sauce Pans, Saleprice, 19c., regular price, 25c.1 Quart Mixing Bowl, sale price,19c, regular price, 25c.1 Pint Dippers, sale 'price, 19c, regular price, 25c.2 Quart Pudding Pans, sale price,19c, regular price, 25c2 Quart Milk Pans, sale price, 19c,regular price, 25cNo. 28 Wash Basins, sale price, 29c,regular price, 35c1 Quart Windsor Dippers, sale price29c, regular price 35c2 1-2 Quart Lipped Sauce Pans, saleprice, 29c, regular price 35c4 Quart Milk Pans sale price, 29c,regular price, 35c4 Quart Pudding Pan, sale price,29c,regular price, 35c3 Quart Lipped Sauce Pans,price, 39c, regular price, 45c.4 Quart Lipped Sauce Pan,price, 39c, regular price, 48cNo. 32 Large Wash Basin,price, 39c, regular price, 48c4 Quart Deep Stew Pans, sale price,39c, regular price, 45c.5 Quart Pudding Pan, sale price, 39cregular price, 49c6 Quart Milk Pan, sale price,' 39c,regular price, 48c5 Quart Lipped Sauce Pan, saleprice, 49c, regular price, 60c5 Quart Preserve Kettle, sale price,49c, regular price, 65c1 1-2 Quart Coffee Pots, sale price,49c, regular price, 65c4 Quart Porridge Pot, sale price,49c, regular price, 60cLarge Cuspidores, sale price, 49c,regular price, 59c8 Quart German Mixing Bowl, saleprice, 49c, regular price, 65c4 Quart Covered Bake Pan, saleprice, 49c, regular price, 60c2 Quart Coffee Pot, sale price, 59c,regular price, 69c2 Quart Teapot, sale price, 59c, regular price, 69c6 Quart Preserve Kettle, sale price,59c, regular price, 75c6 Quart Sauce Pan, sale price, 59c,regular price, 75c4 Quart Duchess Sauce Pan, ' saleprice, 59c, regular price, 75c4 Quart Duchess Kettles, sale price,59c, regular price, 75c10 Quart Roll Dish Pan, sale price,59c, regular price, 65c6 Quart Duchess t Kettle, sale price,59c, regular price, 69c6 Quart Sauce Pan, sale price, 69c,regular price, 85c6 Quart Sauce Pot, sale price, 69c,regular price, 85c3 Quart Coftee Pot, sale price, oyc,regular price, 79c8 Quart Preserve Kettle, sale price,69c, regular price, 79c14 Quart Roll Dishpan, 69c, regularprice, 75c.10 Quart Water Pails, sale price,79c, regular price, 85cLarge Chamber and Cover, saleprice, 79c, regular price, 98c8 Quart Cooking Kettle, sale price,79c, regular price, 95c17 Quart Roll Dishpan, sale price,79c regular price, 98c4 Quart Tea Kettle, sale price, 79c,regular price, $1.00.6 Quart Tea Kettle, 89c, regularprice, $1.50.12 Quart Water Pail, sale price,39c, regular price, 98c.Have your coffee : pulverized; itgoes twice as far. We pulverize itfresh.(It) C. P. COOK CO.FOR SALE.Two thoroughbred blacw bulls.One yearling and one 2-year-old.19-2t M. J. MURPHY & CO.Dissolution Notice.The firm of Browner & Johnson isthis day dissolved by mutual consent.Mr. Browner retires from the firm andMr. Johnson will conduct the businessin his own name. All accounts dueto the firm of Browner & Johnson arepayable to Johnson, who also assumesthe payment of outstanding obliga.tions. That the business will continue to enjoy the liberal patronage ofthe public, is the sincere wish of bothparties hereto. Respsctfully,GEO. W. BROWNEER.JNO. JOHNSON.(19-3w)I Purej OpenKettleRenderedLard$6.00per SO lb. canThis Week onlyBaldwinBros.,Paris, Kentucky2 Both Phones32iOWING TO OUR LARGE SPRING BUSINESSWE WERE FORCED TO DUPLICATEOUR ORDERS ON , 'Silks, Challis andWash GoodsHowever, you will find patterns and styles that' aredifferent; values that you will will sayare unsurpassedOurDressTrimmingandLaceStockCannot be equaled in this part of the StateWhen it comes to LACE CURTAINS, DRAPERIESand RUGS we are right there we have the goods,iW. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.IISKoil'.--i yr i r i "WIT-? I) .0m ra, ifnt?V ijW"Ladies' Diamond SRingsGenuine Cut Stories, Bright andSparking, Mounted iii14k Hand-Made Settings rSpecial Values at$10.00 and $12.50C. O. HINTON&.-;THE J. T. HINTON CO.The BestTHE FAIR.f v are-..'-iWanted.If you have a bath tub for salephone the News office. We have acustomer for one. Telephone 124.(19-3t)SPECIAL SALE.SDecial sale of 300 trimmed hatsfor the "benefit of our out-of-town cus-tomers. Values $5 to ?7 your cnoicefor $2.98.MRS. G. D. HICKS & CO.,355 W. Main,(19-2t) Lexington, Ky.PORCH SHADES.We sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you."(5-tf) A, P. WHEELER CO,? .V FRESH BUTTERMILK.We always have on hand Johnson'sfamous buttermilk. Fresh at alltimes.(19-2t) JAS. E. CRAVEN.PROGRAM FOR BOURBONCOLLEGE COMMENCEMENTHXNDSOME PROPERTY.The most centrally and best locatedproperty ever offered in Paris is theYerkes "home, corner of Main and 11thstreets. The beautiful home on. Mainis one of the best in Paris, and thelost adjoining are only ones on themarket in 'the center of the city. Youare invited to inspect the propertySaturday. (19-tf)KOMKv,.mj roAullnNR 'rKKR lTVTm ailllllllllm ys5?yj Jitfi jfijf illillittUi i ?jr MjJLAlwaystheCheapestDon't Endanger -Ydur 'HealthWith aCheapRefrigeratorThe calendar of the closing exercises of Bourbon College has been announced, and is as follows:Friday evening.May 22, piano recitalat the college chapel; Sunday morning May 24, Baccalaureate sermon atthe Christian church, by Rev. W. E.Ellis; Monday evening, May 25, annual concert, college chapel; Tuesdayevening. May 26, recital of the Schoolof Expression, college chapel; Wednesday evening, May 27, graduationexercises at the Christian church.There will be five graduates, MissesBuckanan, Ardery, Elliott, Wallingford and Calvert.LITTLEJOHN CARNINVAL CO.WILL OPEN MONDNAY.The Littlejohn Carnival Companywill open an engagement in this citynext week under the auspices of theBourbon Lodge of Eagles. The citylot in the rear of the Paris PublicPublic School will be used as the exhibition grounds. The carnival willformally open with a sacred concerton the public square Sunday aftrnoon.The Littlejohn Carnival Company iscomposed of a number of high classattractions.As a free attraction td, the public,Capt. Charles E. Cole, of ( New Yorkand Londgn, the champion high diverof the world, who at the performanceafternoon and night, will, dive from ainrtdpr ninetv-five feet high into a1-small tank -of water.Keep aKodak Record.The pictures made so easilywill telHhevchild:story for yearsto come.We will be glad to explain thesimple Kodak way in picturemaking it's all by daylight., -mTHE ODORLESSREFRIGERATORJust Received Now on Display..iKodaks, $6:00 to $20.00.Brownie Cameras, $1.00 to $12.00DaughertyJkos.v You have heard of this great Refrigerator. We want you to see -them andknow -what they are... YOIJR, SATISFACTION IS GUARANTEED.All Odorles Refrigerators. are cased with the most carefully selected aridthoroughly KILN DRIED OAK, not ash stained to imitate oak, but genuine oak 1itself, the material used in all high.grade Refrigerators and imitated in "all otbersfTThe Odorless is also lined with LINOFELT and it is NAILED in place, andhato stay where it1 is put. The Odorless is made in both the White Enamelthe Porcelain genuine lined. Will you let us show you these great Refrigerators?If you want a cheaper Refrigerator we have it. Come to-day.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYt Paris, Kentucky Phones 3j5,- v Undertaking Ambulance Wood Mantels- ""-VittAu.'",'-'. . , ""'.' THE' BOlJkbOH NEWSfpjUlS, KY., MAY 19,1941 ., V'. , ,ZZTg;:'BBWWPlPPlPPPJIiP M IVlSill w lip'sM" VB lllH rPU r I Pulls Teeth With y'" ai!RQP W PJ168 I His Fingers. ''fcp In Our New Patent HJmbm Bkm iiivi09 IEasy-Cet-Box" ' SHOE POLISHES 1B$ M TwiSt tllB Coin M the f. F. Dalley Co.. ltd., buffalo, n. y. Hamilton. Ont iJTIRST CLASS SERVICE ATFREEMAN'S BARBER SHOP.Having engaged the service of Louislivers, an experienced barber, I amnow prepared to handle my trade andgive the most thorough satisfaction.Give me a call and be convinced.BUCK FREEMAN.Woodland Stock FarmHeadquarters For Draft HorsesBuster B." Dark Bay Horse, Weight 1,700.x SiifedJby Imported Glitter 58803." Dam by Imported Queen 41490.$10fo0 TO INSURE.'.BUSTER B. is a coming four-year-oldand a young stallion of markedpsize and condition. He is the kindthat will appeal to your fancy and you-Will make no mistake in breeding to'him.'The Above Horses Will Make the Season of 1914 at Woodland Stock Farm.About 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due whencolt is foaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent.Jlen retained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to preventaccidents, but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON, Lair, Kentucky.Fine Spring ClothesFor Men andBoys. v.Best Hats at LowestPricesTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. Wollstein, Proprietor.I r We will have inr IPope, Flying Marshall and Day ton.' The Joseph Candioto Co.151-153-155 North Broadway, Lexington, Ky.Supplies of all kinds.Another High Cost of Living Item.A new York man bit off his wife'sthumb at the supper table.Why is it that when a rummywants to warm up to a strange bartender the only name the rummy evercalls the bartender is "George?"Some men are always getting on abum or getting over one.BurleyBlack Percheron; Weight 1760.$10.00 TO INSURE.BURLEY is a splendid specimen ofthe dratt horse and his get haveproved to be of the very best. Thereis a steadily growing demand for theclass of horses produced by Burley,both upon the farm and in the cities.They can stand more work than theaverage horse. He is 8 years old, abeautiful black, well formed, and ofthe class that catches the eye. In selecting a horse to breed to pick onewhose produce commands the bestprice.EXCELSIORParis a Full Stock allHIGHLY PROFITABLE FARMS.Farm management surveys are nowbeing conducted in a good many localities in this country. In nearly allof them it has been found t-hat from2 to 5 per cent, of the farmers aremaking very handsome incomes. Astudy of these highly profitable farmswith a view to finding wherein theydiffer from ordinary farms brings ontsome very interesting relations. -The farms may ,be divided intothree classes. One class consits ofhighly specilized farms, where thefarming is not only of the most intensive character but is of large magnitude. Highly successful farms ofthis class are found only in those localities that possess distinct advantages in the matter of markets forperishable farm products or very distinct advantages in the matter ofsoil and climate.Another class consists offarms producing products of exceptional quality. They are mainly farms on whichvery high priced live stock are produced. These farms are scatteredmore or less thronghout the countryand are not numerous anywhere.There is in fact not room for a largenumber of such farms in any section.The third class consists of farmsthat are organized on the basis ofstandard field crops and the. ordinarytypes of live-stock farming, but whichare both very large and very wellmanaged. It is this latter class offarms 'which appears most commonlyin the Middle West, as well as farmsdevoted to the production of thehighest class of breeding stock, standout very prominently amongst thehighly profitable farms.While the highly specialized farmrepresents the possibility of greatprofit, it frequently also representsthe possibility of heavy losses on account of the tremendous fluctuation inproduction, and consequently in prices, of the products of intensivefarming. In the greater portion of thecountry the great mass of farmersmust gain their livelihood from theordinary field crops .and the commont.vnes of live stock. The surveysclearly demonstrate the fact that ingeneral farming the size of the farmis a very important factor. Thefarm should be large enough ,to givethe working force available to thefarmer a maximum of productive labor throughout the year.OH, SHUX!Fair v woman will never get wighs,She thinks that small feet are a prighsThis may start a row,But I'll warn you nowThat tight shoes will increase hersighs.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.There is a mile of wire in an ordinary! piano.HHHHiHIKOne application soothes and heals a rouerhpimplyskin.and.whenrepeated.quickh effectsi cure. Eczema. Erysipelas. Tetter. Ulcers and11 skin diseases jield to its curative properties.5uc a box. At all urueirists.Send for free sample and !ook. Health and Beauty.'JOHNSTON. HOLLO WAY & CO.,1730 Spring Garden St., Phila., Pa.Mitt ill ;Kii::t$:Models. We Sell:!BURDENS LIFTEDFrom Paris Backs Relief Proved byLapse of Time.Backache is a heavy burden;Nervousness, dizziness, headache;Rheumatic pains; urinary ills;All wear one out.Often effects of kidney weakness.No use to cure the symptoms,Relief is but temporary if the causeremains.If it's the kidneys, cure the cause.Doan's Kidney Pills are for kidneyills.Here's proof of their merit fromthis vicinity.D. M. Farley, merchant, 474 ChairAve., Lexington, Ky., says: "I had adull, dragging "pain in my back. Theaction of my kidneys was irregular,especially t at night. Finally, I usedDoan's Kidney Pills and before longthey put a stop to all these troubles.My kidneys became normal and thepains and aches left. The endorsement I gave Doan's Kidney Pills inJanuary, 1912, still holds good. I canonly repeat that they are a fine kidneymedicine."Price 50c. at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Farley had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, New York.(adv)(Copyright, bjr McCIuro Syndicate.)WOULD SAVE VETERANSFROM PENSION "SHAVERS"Because he wanted to save his oldcomrades in arms from the hands ofpension "shavers," C. E. Hoge, president of the State National Bank, ofFrankfort, has volunteered to redeemat their face value the May issue ofConfederate pension warrants, whichwill be sent out in a few days byState Treasurer Thomas S. Rhea.The issue aggregates more than $100,000. The quarterly distribution of!$30 will lie paid in checks from theState Treasury; but those who havebeen added to the pension list sincethe February distribution will drawback pay at the rate of $10 the monthfrom the date of their application,some of them drawing pay from July,1 1912, when the law went into effect.Warrants will be issued to them.The pension warrants were mailedto the pensioners last week. Accompanying each warrant were instructions to the pensioner to present thewarrant at his local bank and informthe bankers that the State NationalBank at Frankfort will take the warrant at its face value. In this waythe pensioners will receive the fullamount of their pensions at once bypresenting them at their local banks.The response of Col. Hoge to Treasurer Rhea's request for someone tocash the warrants was prompted bysentiment. Col. Hoge served duringthe war with Braxton's artillery inthe Army of Northern Virginia, andwas noe of the ragged band that surrendered at Appomattox court house.He has prospered "since the Avar, andwhen the case was laid before him heaccepted the opportunity to do something for his comrades in arms wiihwhom fortune has dealt less kindly.State Treasurer Rhea says he realizes that it is no slight mater for abank to come forward with more than$100,000 in a lump to take up thesewarrants, but he is determined tofrustrate the operations of pension"shavers," who otherwise would do afine business ' discounting pensionwarrants from 3 to 5 per cent.If a girl ever gets the idea in herhead that a man doesn't want to marry her it is all up with him. He mightas well buy the license.MOLLYCODDLELAXATIVESCan Not and Do Not Touch the LiverThey may clear out the intestinal tract,but do not relieve the danimed-up bile.Years 'ago May Apple Boot (called Podophyllin) was a last-resort bile starter.It griped fearfully, but brought out thebile. Podophyllin with the gripe takenout is now to be had under the nameWELLESLEY CLUB AFTERMONEY TOuci p COLLEGE'IKi The seebnd meeting of theI tnnVv WaIIpsIp.v P,1nh. which was or-jganized in Louisville in January with! thirty charter members, was held in! Shelby ville," at Science Hill School,! Monday, those in attendance beingI Miss Abbie Carter Goodloe, Louis-ville, president; MissBettie Barron,Lexington, vice-president; Miss Dorothy Vissman, Louisville, secretary andtreasurer; Mrs. Gault Fulton.of Anchorage, Misses Eliza Altsheler, Louise Huhlein, Artus James, EthelRuth Smith and Ruth Sapinsky, Louisville; Mrs. Robert Winn, Mt. Sterling; Mrs. Nell -McCoy Shearer, Lexington; Mrs. Edward Prichard, Paris;Miss Bertha Scott, Frankfort; MissI Jewell Snook, Bagdad; Mrs. GeorgeS. Chowning; Misses Ellen Lilly, Nettie G. Pullen, Rowena Weakley andJuliet Poynter, Shelbyville.The principal purpose of the meeting was to devise ways and meansof raising funds for the two milliondollar endowment, which the alumnaeare attempting to secure before January 1. Mrs. Robert Winn is theKentucky chairmain of the Endowment Fund, and the Club has selected the following chairmen of localcommittees to assist in the work:Miss Artus James, Louisville; Mrs.George S. Chowning, Shelbyville;Miss Mary Hunt, Lexington.CHANNEL TUNNEL IDEA. MORE THAN CENTURY OLDThe idea of a channel tunnel hasnow been in the air for more than acentury, but even so, it comes nowhere near record for long-consideredschemes. The ship canal acrossthe Isthmus of Corinth, which wascompleted in 1892, was the finish ofa scheme dating back to 600 B. C,when Perlander employed Egyptianengineers to survey the isthmus.Nero actually begun work along thesite of the present canal, but at hisdeath this was abandoned and mencontinued to weigh up the idea foranother eighteen centuries.An apple tree" belonging to S. W.Alexander, of Los Angeles county,California, is attracting considerableinterest because it bore two crops inone season, and the second crop wasof a different variety than the first.The apples of the first crop were lightin color and of medium size, while thesecond edition were dark reddish incolor and in no way resembling theearlier crop.n;.vw rni!vi ThnriTntlin. Sore .cfes. Neuralgia, Backache, Headache ciall pains. Your money lacK """?,'hevo any ache in any part of the dou..fifteen minutes time.Jfrice &uc. .ac .at xriijFree mplo ana circular ent on requeiwBOURBON REMEDY COMPANY,342 East Main St., Lexington.TheandThe telephone goes hand in hand with goodroads.The telephone overcomes many of the obstacles of bad roads and makes it possible for thefarmer and other rural residents to transact business in the city and with neighbors when theroads are impassable.Progressive farmers are insisting upon goodroads and telephones. These two agencies ofmodern civilization are doing more than all otherstoward eliminating the isolation of country life.You can have a telephone in your home at verysmall cost. Send a postal for our free bookletgiving complete information.FARMERS' LINE DEPARTMENTf V 1 'l tw v muimDeriana leiepnone;and TelegraphMr. A. D. Brown, the man who usedito pull teeth with his fingers on:stock sales days at Paris, Ky., andiwhose work was the talk of the wholecounty.Last fall this same Mr. Brown.Game to Paris on Court Day and advertised a medicine known asBrown's Snake Oil Liniment, and leftit for sale with Chas. E. Butler & Co.,druggists of Paris, Ky. Since thenMr. Butler has sold hundreds of bottles of this wonderful medicine, and"- "" oiatcuicui, uiai iuhas produced more cures than anvJ medicine that was ever sold throughuia ui ug siuit?.Last Court Day Mr. Brown introduced on the streets, through Mr.Butler's drug store, a medicine knownas Brown's Native Herbs in LiquidForm, and a great many bottles weresold under a positive guarantee thatit would cure all forms of StomachTrouble, Constipation, Catarrh, Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Water Brash,Rheumatism, Kidney and BladderChills and Fever, Diseases commonto Women.Its introduction into every community has been followed by some ofthe most remarkable cures. Brown'sNative Herbs in Liquid Form isguaranteed to cure Constipation, Indigestion, and to set the stomachright. It matters not of how long:standing the disease may be. It atthe same time tones up the entirenervous system, gives strength andvigor to those who are weak, sick andnervous. To prove all this we ask:you to go and have a talk with Mr.Butler at his store, buy a bottle of theNative Herbsfand if it is not just aswe recommend and advertise it, youcan go back to Mr. Butler and he willgive you your dollar just as cheerfully as he takes it. Brown's NativeHerbs in Liquid Form and Brown'sSnake Oil Liniment, remember, aresold under a positive guarantee. Tryit today.THE FUNNY MAN.He writes his column with much glee,He'd like to make his pile;-He makes the whole world laugh, but.he .Cant' make Dame Fortune-smile.COUNTY COURT DAYS.Below is a list of the days CountyCourts are held each month in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawrecesurg, 3d Monday-Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, lt Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Breathitt, Jackson, 4th Monday. -Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th Monday.Franklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Henry, Newcastle, 1st Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, nd Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday.Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Monday. Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday.Oldham, Lagrange, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Pendleton, Falmoi.cn, 1st Monday."Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.' Wayne, Montecello, 4th Monday.Woodford, Versailles. 4th Monday.TelephoneGood RoadsCompany4INCORPORATED.$ -.or Sals by AM Druggists.IkSWv 243&2l-.,1e. -, -i:rrA,...?.. r " J jp:j- s.- ts! -$A p s " WV r.-.-yW-.yrJb,'VA. vy-w ffY tmmmv't 1-.:1HE BOURdN ftfcWS, PARIS! KENTUCKY, MAY 19i ,--f1914v..;v,iBORLAND'STheHome of Good Wall PaperWALL PAPER TALK No. 6.The Mall First impressions are lasting and it istherefore essential that a gcod impression is secured.Entrance to the house is usually through the ..hall or reception room; for that reason it should suggest hospitality and be to some extent an index of what is to follow.Formerly the hall was not considered a part of the houseand was a dark, gloomy place, a sort of a purgatorythrough which the travel had to pass to reach theheavenly rest beyond. Now, however, the decorationsare more in keeping with the adjoining rooms. But careshould be taken to have all the rooms in harmony. Ourdecorative department is at ycur service.!iLOOK LIS UP!314 Main St., Next to Mra. Mamie Parker.TELEPHONE 159Pan's Odorless Cleaning Co. X:Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your' clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andEeblockedto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25e."SpecialMay Sale.50 Ladies' Stylish andHandsomeSpringSuits$9-95-All Sizes and Colors,KINDLY CALL ATTwin Bios. Depanmem Store,Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.0 $'.lew Barker ShopCorner Fourth and MainModern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDMMf 'I0URI0N POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops In thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, IjFor Sale by W. T. Brookst '' 1Uneeda BiscuitA crisp, clean, nutritious food. Foreverybody every.where. Fresh in themoisture-proof package, 5 cents.ZuZuThe funny little nameof the famoiifcs littleginger snap that putsfresh "snap" and"ginger" into jadedappetites. 5 cents.KENTUCKY DISTILLERSARE REDUCING OUTPUTKentucky distillers are nearing theend of the season with a tremendousreduction "in the output. The Taylordistilleries in Frankfort closed downTuesday and announced that they hadto still further limit their output,which they have heen reducing forseveral years. The Pepper distill.eries in Lexington will make N theirlast run June 4, and their productionfor the season will also be greatly reduced. A Lexington distiller said the reduction in the output of the distilleritsthroughout the State materially wasreduced largely because of the prohibition activity, and that some manufacturers were only warehousing onehalf of their former crops. It wasfurther stated that the distillers whoare reducing their output are mostlythe manufacturers of. the highergrades of whisky, whose goods arein bond. Manufacturers of cheaperwhiskies are not reducing their output, but are putting it on the marketas fast as it is distilled, largelythrough rectifying houses.SHROPSHIRE BUYS REGINAPEAVINE FROM LINCOLN PARTYIt is reported that Billy Shropshire,of Winchester, has bought from a Linconl county syndicate the saddle bredmare, Regina Peavine, for $2,500.The men composing the syndicate areR. S. Scudder, of McKenney; W. O.Walker, of Stanford, and HomerWray, of Danville. Regina Peavinewas trained by Mr. Scudder, whoowned and trained the great HazelDawn, which lie sold some years agoto Mr. Shropshire, who recently soldher to Mr. Fred Wolfe, of Cuba, for$4,500. Regina Peavine is by RexPeavine, 1796, dam Blue Streak, 4863,a daughter of Curtis Peavine. Shropshire expects to make a second HazelDawn of his new purshase.DESPONDENT POULTRYMANTAKES LIFE WITH ACIDGraham CrackersThe natural sweetness and nutrimentof the wheat are retained, giving thema delightful flavor.10 cents.Buy biscuit baked byNATIONALBISCUITCOMPANYAlways look for that nameR. E. Meredith, of Lexington, poultryman, ill and despondent, drank anounce of carbolic acid at his homeFriday, and died soon afterward inagony. He told his wife after takingthe poison the he "was just aboutcrazy," he felt so ill, and he had toend it. The Coroner held an inquest.Meredith telephoned for the drug,telling the druggist he wanted to useit about his poultry house. He formerly lived near Hopkinsville and issurvived by his wife-and three children, a boy fifteen years old, and twogirls, thirteen and a half and a yearand a half old, respectively.JffllaitsDrinkJl(i)omans Drink(fveryiocp Drink-aiSPC ':- ..: vriST"M&m:;S 0$$K3$mft I . " - -fe'JTF.? . t .JVfr- ;:tsswsiv-A"".Mrmit.v"MATRIMONY AND OYSTERS;'HARD TO DIGEST, SAYS NAT.WHOOPING COUGH."About a year ago my three boyshad whooping" cough and I foundChamberlain's Cough Remedy theonly one (that would relieve theircoughing and whooping spells. Icontinued this treatment and was surprised to find that it cured the diseasein a very short time," writes Mrs.Archie Dalrymple, of Crooksville, O.For sale by all dealers.(May) (adv)FAT PHEASANTS AND GAMEFISH FOR SPORTSMENFirst Popular Price Excursion of the SeasonTo Cincinnati and ReturnSundayMay24,$1.50For the Round Trip1914.PILES! PILES! PILES'WLUAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMEfWU1 cure Blind, Bleedinj? and Itching PilIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching; at onfccts as a- poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists", mail 50c and SImttttS MFfeCt., Prf., Ctevtteiri, 01L. Olwrfffw, Druff ' rnlJhSpecial'train leaves Paris, Ky.f 8:20a. m., returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m. Forfurther information call onLow round trip Summer iTouristtickets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West "Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct. 31, with, very liberalstop-over privileges. For further information call on or addressJ. K. SMITH, T. A.,or- W.. H. HAKRIS, Agt.The last of 150 pairs of Hungarianpartridges purchased by the StateGame and Fish Commission were setfree in Franklin county Monday byExecutive Agent J. Quincy Ward.Five pairs were placed on the farm ofB. H. Taplor, Jr., on the hilltops, justout of Frankfort. Others were setfree along the Owtn county borderon thB main Elkhorn, some in Woodford county, and some near NewHope, in Nelson county. In .'everyinstance the owners of the land haveagreed to post it for a number ofvears. and the overseers were appointed game wardens without payto protect the birds -while they breed.The Hungarian partridge resemblesthe native variety, but weighs apound when it reaches maturity.Mr. Ward received word that sometime this month a car load of pikeperch will reach Frankfort. It isexpected about eight millions will becontained in the consignment. Theywill be distributed throughout thelength of the Kentucky river.A hundred thousand spawn of therainbow trout have been purchasedby Mr. Ward in Detroit, and will beplaced in temporary quarters at theLouisville hatchery.VALUATION FIXED ON80. PER CENT. BASIS.Here is actor Nat Goodwin's opinion of marriages as set forth by him:"Marriages are not all alike, anymore than faces are. No man canoffer anybody else any advice. A person should not tell anyone else howto get married, any more than an inexperienced person ought to be instructed in the way to eat an oyster.Both matrimony and oysters are liable to orove hard to digest. t's nocrime trying to establish a home.Anyway, you don't pick a wife at all.She picks you. At least that's whathappened to me generally. The bestway to manage women, if you ask me,is to let" 'em alone! At least I havedone nothing that was not respectablein getting' married. There is a lawin the country which says that marriage is a proper and legal thing togo in for, and I have merely lived upto the law."V3"-" VA JRiiA. ' T.riS7 tiipflfc- VA igorously good and keenlym delicious. Thirst -quenching ; WI and refreshing. ! MI ; The national beverage : m- Demand the genuine by full name JhBMSGVNicknames encourage substitution. HBRIBISSbTHE COCA-COLA COMPANY BAtlanta. Ga. .fiBHWheneveryou see anArrow thinkof Coca-Colak iaaiiaMxfcaaaaa.B.iaxaJairLEINil-IAIN'SCashSpecialsBRADLEY OUT OFRACE FOR SENATORThe State Board of Valuation andAssessment at Frankfort Friday assessed banks and trust companies andlife insurance companies chartered inKentucky at 80 per cent, of the totalvalue of their capital, surplus, undivided profits and other assets. Taxeson these assessments are due and payable on or before July 1.iSenator W. O. Bradley issued thefollowing statement declining to be acandidate for re-election for UnitedStates Senator:"For some time I have been forcibly impressed that on account of serious ill-health it would be hazardous,for me to make the race for re-electionto the "United States Senate."But for the earnest protest offriends who hoped and insisted thatmy physical condition would improve,I would have publicly declared several months ago, as I do 'now, that Iwill not seek a re-election, as I amtotally unable to bear the hardship ofa campaign."To the faithful and splendidfriends who have tendered support,I return most sincere and heartfeltthanks." .Australia lias a fence 1,200 mileslong.Every high school graduate in Nebraska receives a letter from the University of Nebraska congratulatinghim on his graduation and urging himto consider the advantages offered bythe State University.FIRE AGENTS WANTREPEAL OF GLENN ACTISKIn BlemishesCaused By GermsDR. BELL'SGerms set under theskin or in a brokenplace, and It Is hardto get rid of them.Pus sores or pimplesfollow.Antiseptic Salvesoon destroys these germs and keeps themdean and healthy untllnatura heats. Use it onthevface, lips, hi the noser aaywhere, for itla CLEAN PURE. ANDHEALING.TU It By TW MTt . v. The Kentucky State Association ofLjOcal Fire Insurance Agents discussed the fire insurance situation at themorning, noon and night sessions oftheir annual meeting at LouisvilleFriday,? concluding by adopting' resolutions favoring: the repeal of theGlenn-Greene law", modification, whennedesary, of other laws,- and authorizing its Executive Committee to confer with other organizations in seeking to find a solution. The meetingadjourned at midnight.Political activity as a means offighting the State. Rating Board' wasproposed by members during the sessions and the suggestions met withapplause. Harry V. Davis, of Louisville, made a speech during the morning session urging the organization' togo into politics. Charles A. Long, ofLouisville, at the night session proposed that political measures be resorted to if necessary.With one exception all the pld officers were re-elected when a report ofthe Nominating Committee finally wasreceived. Thomas C.' Timberlake wasre-elected president for his third' consecutive term. W. T. Chilton, ' ofCampbellsburg, formerly second' vicepresident, was elected first viceipres'ident to succeed W. R. Fisher, of CarI rolltbn, who declined t re-election"1.. 25 lb. sack H. & E. Sugar.. ."..... $1.25(With a three dollarlpurchase)Large size can Tomatoes . ". . 10c3 cans Baby Bunton Com 25cPride of Illinois Corn ,'.10cCracked Rice, per lb :05cFancy Head Rice, perjlb 10c2 cans Cu-Tu-No Red Salmon . . .y. 35c-Palm BrandPeas, perlcan 10cFox Lake Peas Per can.' 15cSugar Loaf Peas, per can 20cBulk Coffee, per lb 20cLANCASTER PRIDE PLOUR25-pound sack 80c50-pound sack $1.55100-pound sack 3.00Stone's Wrapped Cakes Received Fresh Daily.t G. LENIHAINCash Grocery.Both Phones 234ft BotImmmwmmmmmmmmF&$$&A;H3 33ETAL SHINGLESAre StormproofThey interlock and overlap in such a way that the hardest dwmg rain or sifting snow cannot possibly get under them. "Besides this they last indefinitely, and never need repairs.Another point They're very reasonabl in first ct. Y 4mtlearn all about them from' , r BEST A HAWKjNS Millers, Kantwafer:4 f.THE; BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY MAY 1 9,-19J$.,rIs the Choicest Pickings of the bestknown Gardens of the Orient andis noted lor its fine flavor and del'icate Aroma. Try it to-day Forsale by all Grocers.Why pay more. Noted theWtriiover as the Best. Packed fresh Jevery day, in sanitary sealed car- $tons. For sale4y all Grocers at 30cents per poand. Save the Coupons.J aCertified CheckI CERTIFIED CHECKTEAvtj'&L.t -1W OF MILLERSBURGThe commencement exercises ofhe Millersburg Female. College wereTishered in Friday afternoon with aSbriUjant lawn reception given hy the.Senior Class of the M. M. I. from 4to 6 on the campus. The receivingline was stationed on the front vexanda, with Col. and Mrs. Best at theiiead, followed by the Senior Class.The grounds were beautiful, theshrubbery in full foliage, and most ofthe flower beds in full bloom. Alarge number of friends of the institution "Were present, including the faculty and student body of the M. F. C.Sandwiches and frappe were served.The time was spent most pleasantlyTby all present. The buildings wereopen for insnpction, and notwithstanding that it was somewhat cool,the novelty of the situation thrilledevery one. The commencement expresses proper were opened at 9 p.m., on Friday, at the M. F. C. auditorium with Miss Baskin's class in expression. This work was far betterdope that it has been since MissKing occupied the chair of expression,i and we regret that we can not makepublic mention of all the differentparts of it. Miss Mary Bruce Redd,in "Welcoming the New Minister'sWife," in her work goes above thecharacter of an amateur, and herwork was indeed realistic. Miss Margaret Peterson, in story-telling withchild-like simplicity in "Helen's Babies," made one fancy that theycould see the child as she told thestory. Miss Elizabeth Isham, in "TheWinning of Katherine," made one forget they were listening to a readerfrom the stage, as she carried youthrough the various stages of herstory. The musical program of theevening was equally as good, and thesolo of Miss Mildred Bruce, who wasquite a favorite in song here, captivated all present, and at the end ofthe entertainment, after numerousrequests she consented to sing thesolo again, which was "Who Knows?"The commencement exercises ofthe M. F. C. were continued on Sat-'(md&40k...... M :Es I !! IZ:m::: Vtrfo ,, ;HH;""irWKm i v vkswmmo'iii urn xy v . r ziz?rrmmmm,rmvjuxtiwWm mZsl-i'mw I?l r 'Mittr'PUDEArMAN"MVOIVSrs7SDiryTO BANKMOJVrfOfiffSWFEANDCffDffNurday evening when Miss Wishan'spupils in voice put on the beautifuloperaette, "The Feast of the LittleLanterns." The operaette was intwo acts, and the stage settings wereindeed beautiful. The costumes andall pertaining thereto were entirelyin keeping. The characters had beenwell- drilled, and were thoroughly upin their work. The four principalcharacters in the entertainment wereMiss Andrews, a Chinese Heiress,Miss Lucy Jones, a Japanese JugglerMaid, Miss Geneve Wells, Maid toPrincess, Miss Mildrel Bruce, Governess to Princess. Misses Andrews,Andrews, Bruce and Wells have appeared before the footlights hereupon several occasions. The story ofthe piece was in thorough keepingwith the scenes of the kind represented, and the wierd chant-like musicblended beautifully with its dramaticaction. This entertainment was unlike any that we have had in the past,being a departure from the dramaticentertainment with which we are sofamiliar, was by some perhaps not aswell understood as it should havebeen. However, it was good, and allwho are familiar with opera or operaaette work pronounced it first-classMisses Wisham and Baskin have bothaccomplished a great work here withtheir pupils during the season.At ID: 45 a. m., Sunday the annualbaccalaureate sermon was preachedat the Methodist church by Dr. JohnM. Crowe, of Pulaski, Va, Accompanying the sermon was a good musicalprogram, which was well carried out.Dr. Crowe is a profound thinker, aphilosophical, logical speaker. Hetok as the basis of his theme "WhatLack I Yet?", and laid down his linesalong the line of character-building.His philosophical .reasoning along theline that a life is "no stronger thai itsweakest point, was indeed timely.His beautiful tribute to mother wasone of the strong points of his discourse. A large crowd was presentand Dr. Crowe commanded rapt attention, during the entire time. Morethan once his discourse was so appealing as to appeal to the inwardemotions of heart and soul. On thewhole it was one of the strongest discourse ever delivered here, and onlyequaled lyy Dr. Wilkerson.Following is a partial list of thecommencement guests:Misses Beulah Peck, of Flemings-9fiHHave YOU got money in our bank to protect" yourXHTLE ONES and your WIFE from want?Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.OEP0SIT BANK OF PARIS.STRAWBERRIESThe Finest on the MarketRECEIVED DAILYALSOAll the VegetablesOf the Seasoni.OUR LINE OF .iCanned GoodsCannot Be ExcelledIN. A. MOORE,Sailer's Old Standa.GrresttO-pporttaxixty-For Buying High-Grade Shoes at Extremely Low Prices.I he Oreacest Shoe Manufacturers areDaily Sending to us the very Newest in Footwear at Terms, which Enable us to Outsellall Other Stores of this County.Shoes, Oxfords, Pumps, jj$j&For Ladies, Men and ChildrenAbsolutely the Latest Footwear at Prices Less Than YouHave Ever Paid.Ladies' Patent -Colt Colonial, light welt, covered br bright buckle, Louis heel, $5.00 and $4.00valuesLadies' Patent Colonial and Baby Doll Pumps,of the best makes, $3.00 values, at$2.99Ladies' Suede and Velvet Mary Jane Pumps ofthe best quaiity, 3.50 values at.. $2.49 andLadies' Oxfords in dull kid, and patent colt,button and lace, light flexible soles, the mostconfortable footwear, $4.00 values $2.99 andLadies'. Oxfords and Pumps, patent and gunmetal, S2.00 and $3.00 values, at1.991.992.491.49Men's Tan Oxfords, of the famous Walk-Overand other makes; the best quality, rubbersoles, at ,..r $4.00 and3.50The Walk-Over and Beacon makes, at 4.004.00Men's Tan and Gun Metal Oxfords Englishlasts, The Walk-Over and Beacon makes, atMen's High Shoes and Oxfords, in tan and gunmetal, best quality and make, $4.50 values,at $2.99 and, 2.49Men's Oxfords and Shoes, gun metal, lace orbutton, $3.00 values at 1 .99Boys Patent and Gun Metal Shoes and Oxfordsof thfe best makes, $2.50 values, at 1 .49(Misses' and Children's Patent Colt and Gun Metal Mary Jane Pumps, bestvalues at $1.49, $1.24, 99c and 89c,wmre canvas onoes ana rumps in Latest Styles, all sizes, at GreatlyReduced Prices.O O H EJ 1ST 7 SShoe Store.ft Where Beauty and Economy Reigns.3DA.JTih. m -- o .,,Kittie Ranson, of Moreland, Dr. JohnM. Crowe, of Pulaski, Va., Jane Brennen, of Cincinnati, O., Miss MarthaMcCue, of Cincinnati, O., Mrs. Andrews, of Flemingsburg, Mrs. Skinner, Flemingsburg, Mrs. Wood, Frankfort, Miss Elizabeth Wbliuck, Pleasureville; Rev. W. D. Welborn, ofWashington, with Mr. and Mrs. M. E.Pruitt; Misses Sadie May and JennieReese, of Helena, with Mfss AlbertaMoffett; Mr. Roy Patterson and family, Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Hill, with Mr.and Mrs. Henry Patterson; Miss Marritt, of Millbrook, New York, withMiss Julia Miller; Misses ElizabethMarr and Rebecca Redmon, of Paris,with Miss Lavinia Layson; Mrs. Henry Morris, of Dover, and Miss Dorothy Pollock, of Hamilton College, Lexington, with Mrs. S. E. Bruce anddaughter, Miss Mildred; Mr. JamesBedford, of Lexington, Frank Collierand family, of Paris, with Mr: andMrs M. P. Collier; Misses Margaretand" Edith Shive, of Paris, with Mrs.A. S. Venable; Mr. Herman Huffmanand family, of Covington, with Dr.and Mrs. W. V. Huffman; Mr. andMrs." W. T. McConnell and twodaughters, and Mrs. J. M. Thompson,of Mt. Olivet, with Mr. and Mrs. A.McConnell; Misses Nettie Lou Banksand Helen Bush, of Winchester, withMrs. Raymond Taylor; Mrs. J. H. Sillman, of Harrodsburg, and Miss Margaret Rutter. of Cincinnati, with Mrs.J. D. Redd and daughter, Miss Nola;Miss Virginia Crutcher, of Paris, withMiss Edwina Ammerman; MessrsDike and Nathan Young, of Carlisle,with Mr. and Mrs. O. H. Collier.The following were among the visitors on Sunday: Mr. and Mrs. CarlLong, of Paris, with Mr. and Mrs. O.H. Collier; Mrs. Cay wood and daughter, of Paris, with Dr. and Mrs. W. G.Daily; Mr. and Mrs. Albert Hinton, ofParis, with Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Peed.Mr. Walter Hawkins; of Transylvania University, Lexington, was athome from Saturday until Monday.Mrs. John Marr and children arespending a week with her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Henry Letton, at Carlisle. Mrs. E. W. Ammerman anddaughter,1 returned Friday after atwo weeks' visit to son and brother,Mr. Walter Ammerman, at St. Louis,Mo. 'Little Miss Mary Louise Collierentertained about forty of her littlefriends Saturday afternoon from 2 to4, the occasion being her eleventhbirthday. Ice cream and cakes wereserved.Mrs. J. H. Spilhnan, of Harrodsburg, delivered the "annual missionaryaaures to the Young Ladies Missionary Socie.ty of the .M. F. C, Sundayat 8 p. m., this being a part of thecommencement exercises. A largeaudience was present and the musicalDrogram accompanied the work, was,as it always is, exceedingly good.Mrs. Spillman did not come as astranger, having visited this place before in her missionary work. Hersubject was well handled and herpoints well taken. She is one of thefew who can handle the missionarysubject without tiring the audience.She is always a welcome visitor here.The following is a continued list ofcommencement guests : KatherineWills, of Irvine, with her mother, Mrs.Louie Clarks; Mrs. Turner Perry, ofOwingsville, with her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Thos. McClintock; Mr. andMrs. Robert Patrick, of Paintsville;Mr. J. W. Sewell, of Jackson; Mr. J.E. Hurst, of Flemingsburg, at StirmanHouse; Miss Louise Best, of Maysville; Mrs. Orie Lebus, of Cynthiana,with Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Best.Class day exercises of the M. F.C. as a part of the commencement exercises were held Monday at 10 a. m.,in the M. F. C. Auditorium. - Theclass was greeted with a good -audience,largely, made up of ladies andchildren. It was one -of the best exercises ever held in the institution,abounding in more originality thanany of its predecessors since ClassDay was inaugurated there. "ThePresident's Proclamation,"' by MissRuth Norris,and "My Class Legend,"by Miss Margaret Peterson, "The Declaration of Independence," by Christine Peterson, and the classr song,"The Class Hypnotist," by MildredBruce, and the "Class Scrap Bag," byMartha Smith, and "The Last Willand Testament," by Miss McMillan,deserve public mention. Miss MattieBurford, in the presentation of theclass gift, a handsome pcture toadorn he new Society Hall of the annex to be built this summer, came asa surprise to all present, and receivedrounds of applause. They were accepted by Dr. Fisher in an appropriateaddress. One of the mos't pleasantfeatures of the occasion was the classtrial by the Juniors, in which the Seniors were placed on trial- on thecharge pf not being eligible to graduate.PARIS CHAPTER U. D. C.HAS A CHILDREN'S DAY.The Richard Hawes Chapter, U dC, met Friday afternoon in the Con"federate ro-wn. in the court house"In the absence of the president Mr?'William G. Talbott, the meeting Vaspresided over by Mrs. John Connelvice president-This being- Children's Day, afterhe routine btssfness, the meeting wasturned over to- Mrs. Rrosell Mannwho has charge of t&e HamiltoaGuards, the children's organizationThe members responded to roil callwith appropriate quotations, and thenfollowed an entertafnihg program.Missr Louise Connell read an excellent paper on Father Ryan, the distinguished poet-priest. A recusationon "Robert E. Lee" was well giyen byMiss Ann Thomaa Ewalt, followed bya reading by Miss- Alma Louise Goldstein. This was on the origin: of memorial day, which is observed on different days -in the Southerm States,June 3, the birthday of Jefferson Davis, being the t day observed fn Kentucky. Miss Eleanor Cecil Swangorecited a little story, followed by Mis3Josephine Ewalt.A visitor at the meeting was Mr.James- McDonald, a Confederate veteran, who is the only surviving member of the Hamilton Guards, in Co.G.,. under Capt. E. F. Spears, and in.view "of the fact that Mr. McDonaldwill leave in a few days for tne West,at the suggestion of Mrs. C. C. Leer,the children gave him a salute withConfederate flags. Mr. McDonaldacknowledged the compliment in afew apropriate remarks.Mrs. Mary Cecil Cantrill, of Georgetown, was a guest of the chapter, ardgave a talk relating to a new devicefor the State flag which has oeeproposed.During the meeting plans were discussed for the observance of Meatrial Day. After the program a socia"hour was enjoyed, during which icecream and cake were served by MrsC. C. Leer and Miss Carrol Leer, assisted by Miss Ruth Monson.saFOR SALEAll of the household furniture atBourbon College will be sold on June3. Velvet and moquet carpets, rug3and mattings, in excellent condition,are for sale. Excellent practice pianos sold either privately or on dayof sale. Apply toMRS. M. G. THOMSON(1-8-15) -Duroc Jersey BoarsNice lot young boars. Eligible toregistry. Come and get first choice.SIDNEY G. CLAY,E. T. Phone 726, Taris, Ky.(12-3t)FOR SHE PRIVATELY.I will sell privately my house andlots on the corner of Eleventh andMain streets. Possession given July1. Any one desiring to examine theproperty may call on Saturdays.(15tf) W. L. YERKES.FOR RENT.Storeroom'on Main street known asthe Weatherall property. Possessionto be given at once. Also 3 rooms upstairs. Will rent as a whole or separately. (15-tf) CHAS. PEDDICORDWANTEDSmall second handApply at News Office.(12-tf)cash register.Phones 124.CHOICE LOTS AT AUCTIONj How's Your Blood?Now is the time to takea good blood and springmedicine to knock outthat tired feeling.Is your appetite good?Do you have rheumatism in a mild form?Are you billious?We recommendAttend the sale of desirable lots onCollege Hill Place, on Thursday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock' Sixteen of thechoicest lots around Paris will be sold.Several valuable prizes will be givenaway. (It)MR. WILSON MAKES VISITTO THE PENSACOLA TOWNSITEt -. .. it -JThe Pensacola, Okla., Anchor, says:"No't Woodrow Wilson, but Mr. Jas.S. Wilson, of Paris, Ky., owner of thePensacola town site. Mr. Wilson arrived Tuesday morning to look afterbusiness matters and to get a line on.crop conditions generally, and to saythat he was highly elated over theoutlook would be 'putting it rathermild."While here Mr. Wilson perfectedarrangements for having the GrandHotel moved from its present locationto the lots opposite and east of Pittsman's store-. This will give the hotela more central location and1 be. a greatconvenience to the traveling public."1 Chapin's Blood Purifier.It is expressly compounded for correctingsuch difficulties andstraightening out a system made sluggish bybad cold. We guaranteeChapin's to straightenyou up and give you anew lease on life.Try it to-day.Price, $f Large BottlePeople's PhangacyDoyle Building 8th and. MainPARIS, KY."Watch Our Windows."::skvJ,XJJL cS JUL 1EP JrTHE BOlN NEWSPARIS. KKXTl'CKYlii! 1rtfcir-l-rOtttt'lmaiiizjAiiinnuiiinnim $Livect from&nhe Mill.Wemake.ENVELOPESin a(lsi?es,shapes andfashions(Commercialsand (Drricia L.Li0h gradeWfdroeersBags,MillinerBags, bidingHat Bopces,Tooia eeo Bagsbr scrapoboaeco andrapereciaifies.i7CkU.S. PAPERGOODS CO.221-235 W. PEARL ST.CINCINNATIOHIO, U . S . ACONTENTS.Cover Design Eichner & BankPageOur National Pastime By A. Bart. Horton 3Home Sweet Home By R. R. Laughlin 5Kentuckians of Today 7Agricultural Department SJim Treadway's Price By A. Bart. Horton 11Jill ftooDsJJUOi -T7 5LanEDITORIALSALUTE THE FLAG.FOR many years American citizenship has not been held invery high esteem by foreign nations. Mexico is not the onlycountry that has committed outrages upon American citizenship, although it has been by far more flagrant in those offensesthan any other country. The Stars and Stripes should at alltimes envelope the American citizen abroad with its protection,providing, of course, that no laws of this foreign nation are beingviolated. Too often in the past we have heard of cases of Americans mistreated in foreign countries, and too often there havebeen cases that we have never heard of. It is the duty of ourState Department to see that instant reparation is made in thesecases, and to see that adequate protection follows the Americancitizen at all times. His interests and the interests of the flag areidentical and an insult to him is just as grave an offense as aninsult to an American marine. Our State Department for manyyears has become so infatuated with diplomacy 'that they dealwith it as a delicious morsel to be lingeringly partaken of and tobe exhausted with a sigh. War is abhorant, but peace with dishonor is far more so and an American citizen, who, in private life,accepts peace with dishonor is considered a coward and is heldin contemptuous scorn. Why should not the same result attachto the nation, and it undoubtedly does, besides, it only averts war,for this is finally forced on us by the contemptuous scorn in whichwe are held by the foreign people at large. Of course, the governments of larger foreign nations, such as England, France, Germany and Russia, are fully aware of the fighting strength andfighting ability of the United States, but their people are notpossessed of this knowledge, nor have they the least idea thatno people in the wide world are quicker to respond to the callof arms than the citizens of the United States. We are regardedby them as a money making, peace at any price people. They aretoo prone to forget the lessons that we have taught several timeswhen our government was finally forced into war. The eloquentand fearless Patrick Henry, delivering his immortal address stoodbefore his audience with bowed head and bent shoulders depictingthe attitude of slavery, in low and trembling tones scarcely audible,he began that wonderful speech. The voice became firm andlouder, his form straightened up as he cast off the shackles and ina splendid and fearless manner said, "Give me liberty or give medeath." He hurled defiance at the then greatest nation on earth.We are today the same people as he addressed a hundred and fiftyyears ago. Let us protect the citizenship that these noble patriotsgave us. The spirit that inspired the American soldier at BunkerHill and Valley Forge is the same spirit that inspired the deedsof daring at Gettysburg, at San Juan and in the Philippines. Itis with this selfsame spirit that our Government should and mustsay to the whole world, "Thou shalt honor our flag and our people.""THOUGHTS OF THIRST"Are Not Always Pleasant Thoughts,But They Can Be Made SoIf. You Have In Your HomeSome of the Delicious BeveragesSuch asOrangeade, Lemonade, Root - Beerand other preparations that we bottle ina concentrated form by a special process.Two tablespoonfuls of any of these delightfulpreparations added to a glass of water willgive you aDRINK OF NECTARAbsolutely pure in quality and Deliciousin taste. Ask for these from your dealer,or send us his name. -:- -:- -:- -:-The Violac Manufacturing CompanyINKSH. D. ROOSEN CO.BROOKLYN, N. T.ColorsLithographicandPrinting InksPerfected ProductsEstablished StandardsModerate PricesWe Specialize inBlackPrinlinglnksfor Country Newspapers that willprint a dense jetblack and dry outbrilliantPut up in100 lb. Kegsat 7lAo430 lb. Barrelsat 7cF. O. B. DestinationH. D. Roosen Co.PRINTING INKMANUFACTURERS78-84 Twentieth St.BROOKLYN, N. Y.No. 123 East Pearl Street,CINCINNATI, OHIO3'Our National PastimeThe Cincinnati Baseball Club of the National League)y A. Bart. HortonTHE MONTHLY MAGAZINENEARLY a half century ago the CincinnatiRed Stockings won the first baseball championship. In those days there were noleagues, and but few ball clubs. They traveledthroughout the East, met nearly every ball teamin existence and came home without a singledefeat. This record, of course, will never beequaled again. Since those days baseball hasgrown rapidly in public favor, and in Cincinnatialone there are several ball teams, and nearly adozen organized leagues, and the fairly good ballclubs in the United States run up into the hundredsof thousands. Imagine crowding the populationof a town of thirty thousand people into a spaceof about one thousand feet square, every one ofthem intensely interested, enthusiastically cheering some particularly good play, and one can gaina fair conception of what happens frequently atsome of the big league parks. The attendance atthe major leagues on opening day has been morethan a quarter of a million.We are indeed fortunate in our national pastimefor baseball has every qualification necessary tomake it the greatest outdoor sport. The youthful school boy equips himself with a baseball outfit at a small outlay, organizes a club amonghis especial friends and hurls defiance at the restof the school boy world, always, however, qualifying his challenge as to weight and age. Vacantlots are sought with avidity and more than oftenthese bits of school boy paradise are retained bymight of superior physical prowess. Neighboring windows are smashed, neighboring gardensare trampled down, but what matters these minorincidents, for the youthful Mathewson is startedonhis career. Rare in number indeed is theAmerican boy, who would not prefer being aWalter Johnson than to be the president of theUnited States. Crowned heads, Rothschilds,Rockefellers, sink into puny insignificance whencompared with McGraw or Connie Mack. Ashe grows into manhood this point of view undoubtedly changes considerably, but his enthusiasm and love for the sport remains. It ishealthy, invigorating, clean and necessarily honest, excepting for the occasional straying fromthe paths of rectitude on the part of the umpire.An honest baseball umpire never existed, that isjudging honesty from the view point of the playeror spectator, who is displeased at his decision.Long ago the wise heads that presided overthe destinies of baseball foresaw the absolutenecessity for maintaining the integrity of theTit tr PP np?3rCharles L. Herzog.The Reds New Manager.game. Stringent rules against gambling wereadopted, thus removing the temptation that mightbe thrown in the way of the ball player, andthus possibly cause the defeat of his club. Everypossible safeguard has been added and new rulesadopted so that the game of baseball today isas perfect as human ingenuity can make it. Thepress of the country has undoubtedly been thelargest factor in the success and popularity of thegame. Column after column is devoted to baseball news, that, if paid for at the ordinary advertising rates, would run up into the millions ofdollars. The amount of capital invested in thebig ball clubs of this country is tremendous, andthat the returns are proportionately large is onlyjust and right. In some instances, especially inthe case of clubs who play in the world's championship series, where the receipts are probablyas large as during the rest of the entire year,the profits are very great. The public, however,is too prone to over estimate the profits from"baseball. It is impossible for the ordinary laymen to properly estimate the enormous expensesattached to the conducting of a big baseball club.The cost of maintaining and operating the grandstands and grounds alone is very great, but issmall compared with the salary list and thetraveling expenses of the players. In a numberof the clubs this latter item exceeds one hundredthousand dollars yearly. In order to properlyprotect the financial interests that are willingto make this outlay to provide for the greatnational pastime, and to properly protect theplayers themselves, organized baseball becamea necessity. A further step was the creation ofthe National Commission in whom was vestedthe authority to settle all disputes relating to therights of the players and clubs. At their handsboth players and clubs have invariably receivedjustice. There has been much criticism as tothe reserve clause in baseball contracts, but itis undoubtedly due to this very clause that greatbenefit has accrued to the players themselves.Were it not for some provision of this kindthe clubs could not afford to buy and draftnearly as many players as they do, nor couldthey afford to carry them on their payrolls forseveral seasons, teaching them real baseball anddeveloping them for future use. There have beena great many intances of ball players carriedon the pay roll of the club and only playingone or two games a season. It is a surprisingfact that but few ball players who come intothe big leagues know but little of real baseball.It is also an undoubted fact that most of thehabitual "fans" know more about real insidebaseball than do a great majority of ball playerswho have never been in the big leagues, norwitnessed big league games. It is, therefore,only just and proper that the club which hasspent much time and money in developing theseplayers into a valuable asset should have thefirst claim to their services and an estimate of- TtSaMMJiiMiBwiBB vlays x , lflHRllJJIHRHHJIBIHlH9i&'BBBBSmBBKSwtBtMKBBBIKBtKBmtM xSkBKIBKMBKBBtBBBBBTBvmSsBBRedland Park, the Home of the Cincinnati Reds.On the day this photograph was taken there were twenty-eight thousand people in attendance.THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEthe amount ofmoney paidwhen theirservices wereof little valueto the clubshould betaken into consideration inthe salary theyreceive whenthey becomeof real value.The making ofa great ballclub and itsconsequentialfinancial condition is duealmost entirelyto the playingmanagement."3J C. BentonLeon AmesEarl Yinglingmun3WmMTwo men preeminent as managers in baseball are John M :Graw, of the NewYork Nationals, and Connie Mack, of the Philadelphia Americans, yet probably there are notwo men in all baseball that aremore unlike in personal character-istics. McGraw has won chr 1pionship after championship, itha team whose individual abililhardly above a second dteam. Aggressive and doring, ruling his men with ahand, he instills into themzied enthusiasm to win.McGraw cannot teach abaseball is not worth knowing,andhe has infused into them th' indomitable spirit of fighting t th,elast moment that has broug t somany a pennant to New YojcConnie Mack is a man of loyablepersonality and great quiet force.His ability in the selection ofyoung players is remarkable. Heseems to possess an intn'tiveknowledge of their real abilit andhis judgment in selecting thei hasseldom erred. He has inspired hismen with so much respect andaffection for him that they playball with a do or die spirit, moreto gain his commendation than foranything else.The lack of a proper managerhas undoubtedly been the causefor the poor showing made by theReds for so many years. Sincethe days when Comiskey left theclub there has not been a manager with sufficient ability to make a winningteam of the Reds. There have been managerswho knew baseball in the highest degree, butwho were sadly lacking in tact and diplomacyin handling their men. "Buck" Ewing succeededComiskey; a mag-nificient ball playerbut who had absolutely no controlover his men andwho left a heritageof lack of harmony,jealousy and factional interests tothose who succeededhim, Kelley, Griffith, O'Day andTinker. Not one ofthese men had theability to cure thisdefect, to weld thefactional interests m. a. GonzalesStar Pitchers of the Reds,s,on fcfe-s&ofFBIrnfj rir'-syV-,-rJ-. i w-. . . .. i ., w- -r tifmmsr' i jzaR&lfA jafftlornirigfmcficeijcraahaL.jmjj4Jnuiw:ii nrtfwawwwc- r r w BtBmwmmBwaiinto a harmonious whole,and to infuse-into them thewinning spiritThe lack ofmanag e r i a 1success hasoften beenblamed uponthe clubownership byreason of interference, butthis is scarcelycredible. Foryears thisownership hasbeen vested inmen of larcpDave Davenport ,affairs, whosebusiness training has taught them that the realsuccessful business policy is to give those incharge of their interests a free hand and holdthem responsible for results. The present ownership of the Cincinnati club hasnever spared expense in endeavoring to give Cincinnati good baseball and a winning team. Theyrealize fully that an expenditureof een a hundred thousand dollarsfor the purchase of high-classplayers would be a splendid financial investment if it would gainfor them a winning team. Theyhave given the Cincinnati publicthe finest grandstand in the country and one of the finest and largest parks. The grandstand wasfinished in May, 1912, and costthe Cincinnati ownership nearlya half million dollars. The grandstand proper seats about twelvethousand people, while the otherstands and bleachers seat someten thousand more, making a totalseating capacity of about twentytwo thousand. When this standwas dedicated in May, 1912, therewere twenty-eight thousand peoplein attendance.The Reds' New Manager.The Leading Catchers of the Redsm&mmUMmEmWmmWmAlf. Von KolnitzNotwithstanding the expensivefailures that the playing managersof the past have been to the Cincinnati Ball Club the club management has never hesitated to makeany financial sacrifice to secure ahigh-class manager. They weighed most carefully the qualifications of every available manfor this position and finally decided on CharlesL. Herzog. He is a ball player of high standingwith several years training under McGraw, anda man of irreproachable private character.He is clean,straightf or -wardand manly and alreadyhas infused into his men,who havelearned to admire him andrespect him, awinning spiritHis everjthought is nowbent on theThos. A. Clarke success of hisTHE MONTHLY MAGAZINEThe Reds' Stone Wall InfieldHenry Groh.2nd Baseman.Martin Berghammer.Utility Infielder.R. C. Hoblitzell.1st Baseman.Chas. L. Herzog.Short Stop.J. A. Niehoff.3rd Baseman.team, and with such a man at the helm theCincinnati team ought to finish high in the championship race. The list of players now undercontract with the Cincinnati team are as follows:Catchers Thos. A. Clarke; Frank C. Mellon;Alf. von Kolnitz; M. A. Gonzales; J. E. MullaneyPitchers Karl Adams; Leon Ames; WayneBarham; J. C. Benton; Phil. Douglass; DaveDavenport; R. R. Ingersoll; Chas. Lear; JohnRowan; Earl Yingling.Infielders Martin Berghammer; Henry Groh;R. C. Hoblitzell; J. A. Niehoff; Wm. Kellogg;John' Rawlings; Charles L. Herzog.The Reds' Fast OutfieldOutfielders John Bates; Armando Marsans;Herbert Moran; Roy O. Miller; Maurice Uhler.Manager C. ",. Herzog, Infielder.Many of these en are stars in their respectivepositions and the 'me may yet come when thechampionship penn Jnt will float from the flagstaff at Redland pa .Maurice Uhler.Utility Fielder.Armando Marsans.Left Fielder.Roy O. Miller.Utility Fielder.John Bates.Center Fielder.Herbert Moran.Right Fielder."Home Sweet Home"A History of John Howard Payne's Ever-living Master-piece23p Rebecca R. LaughlinIT IS indeed strange that the most preciouspopular inheritance the English-speakingworld possesses "Home, Sweet Home," waswritten by the "homeless bard of home."On the evening of May 8, 1823, at the TheaterRoyal, Convent Garden, London, Miss MariaTree, who was a sister of the famous actress,Ellen Tree, gave voice to "Home, Sweet Home"in the first performance of "Clari, the Maid ofMilan." Both the song and the opera are thework of John Howard Payne. It was in thisopera that one song was found that melted theheart of London, and the entire world. Besides, Payne's lyric won for the prima donna ofthis opera, Miss Tree, a wealthy husband, andenriched all who handled it, while the authorwas left little or no better off than he had beenbefore.John Howard Payne was born in New YorkCity, June 9, 1792, and was one of a large groupof brothers and sisters. The Paynes are of oldAmerican stock. John Howard Payne's directancestors were among the earliest settlers atEastham, Mass. The name can be traced as farback as 1622, when Robert Treat Payne, amongothers, signed the Declaration of Independence.In spite of the slight difference in the spelling ofthe name Robert Treat Paine belonged to thesame family, William Payne, the poet's father,was a tutor in several wealthy Boston families.He married twice. His first wife, who died soonafter marriage, was a Miss Lucy Taylor, whomhe met at Barnstable. Then he married SarahIsaacs, whose father was a convert from theJewish faith and who resided in Easthampton,New York. John Howard was born of this secondmarriage and while he was a little fellow, hisparents moved to Easthampton, the most easterly town in Long Island, situated upon its juttingsouthern fork. It was a romantic place, settledby fine New England families, who lived in amicable relations with the red men who still linger about this ancient home of the Montauktribe. Here the author's father was made principal of Clinton Academy, then a flourishingschool, one of the earliest upon the island. Thegreater part of Payne's childhood was spent inthis picturesque Long Island town, which madean indelible imprint upon his memory. Thehouse in which the Paynes lived and which thepoet immortalized in "Home, Sweet Home" isstill kept intact by the inhabitants of the quaintold place. The Payne family held a high position,and their children had the advantage of culturedsociety among their friends as well as at home.The family moved to Boston, where the fatherbecame an eminent teacher. John Howard ex-6THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEcelled in sports and lessons too. He formed alittle military company which, upon one occasion,when marched to general training was extendedan invitation by Major-General Elliot and theyoung captain led his troop into the ranks to bereviewed with the veterans of the Revolution.William Payne was a fine elocutionist, whichgift his son John Howard inherited. Literarytaste cropped out also, and he published boypoems and sketches in "The Fly," a paper editedby Samuel Woodworth. He had also developed astrong passion for the stage, and at the age ofthirteen, his parents sent him to New York totake a position as a clerk, thinking that this occupation would crush his theatrical ambition.While there he secretly edited a little dramaticpaper called the "Thespian Mirror." He wasthen but about fourteen years old, but the articlesin the "Mirror" were so ably written that theyattracted much attention and the "EveningPost" announced that it would reprint one ofthem. Whereupon Payne feared his family woulddiscover what he was doing. Accordingly, hecalled on the editor of the "Post," WilliamColeman, who was more than surprised to findthat the author of the article, which had attractedhim as one of great merit, was but a mereboy. Dr. Francis, in his "Old New York," saysof him at this period: "A more engaging youthcould not be imagined; he won all hearts by thebeauty of his person, his captivating address, thepremature richness of his mind, and his chasteand flowing utterance." These charms so wonthe heart of Mr. Coleman, who saw indications ofgreat promise in the lad, that he interested himself in raising a fund, to which a Mr. Seaman,another warm admirer, contributed liberally, withthe object of sending him to Union College,Schenectady, New York. He was taken thereby Charles Brockden Brown, the novelist. Hewas the editor of the college paper called "ThePastime," which became very popular with thestudents, and he was the mainstay in college theatricals. His career there was suddenly closed bythe death of his mother and pecuniary losses ofhis father.His desire to go on the stage still dominatedhim, and to him the stage presented the quickestmeans by which he could assist his family. Withthe sanction of his father, on February 24, 1809,before he was seventeen years old, John Howard Payne made his first appearance in public atthe Park Theater, New York. He took the roleof young Norval in Holmes' "Douglas," andachieved wonderful success. Payne's charmingpersonality and spontaneity made the event animmense success. When he appeared as Hamleton March 14, the house held fourteen hundreddollars. He played with similar success in Boston and Baltimore, where his benefit seats soldas high as fifty dollars. While he was playingin his home town, Boston, his father died.He soon sailed for England, to try his fortuneon the English stage. He left New York inJanuary, 1813, while war was pending betweenthe United States and England, and when theship arrived at Liverpool, Payne was jailed fora fortnight before he was allowed to proceed toLondon. He secured an engagement at DruryLane Theater through Benjamin West, President of the Royal Academy, when but twentyyears of age. He scored a success as YoungNorval, and later played Romeo with James W.Wallack as the prince. While at Birmingham, atheatrical manager named Elliston played a ratheramusing trick on Payne. Elliston's company wasto appear in "Richard III," and he was anxiousto have Payne play the title role, but he declined.Elliston persuaded Payne to take charge of therehearsal for a day, as he was very busy. Herehearsed the company very diligently and long,but Elliston failed to show up. After the youngactor dismissed the rehearsal and went out intothe street, he found the city placarded with announcements of the performance, stating thatRichard would be played by "the celebratedAmerican Roscius, Mr. Howard Payne." Onecan imagine the young American's surprise, but,of course, there was nothing left for him to dobut to submit and become the amused victim ofhis manager's clever ruse.In all, Payne's career as an actor in Englandlasted but five years out of the nineteen whichelapsed before he returned to America. His lastappearances were as Young Norval and Hamletat Birmingham in 1818. He now seemed to havelost to some extent that attractiveness and charmwhich made him the juvenile prodigy that he was.Payne had formed a large circle of friendsboth on and off the stage during his theatricalcareer Among his friends were many actorsand actresses of note and a number of literarypeople. He had the pleasure of possessing thefriendship of Coleridge, Shelley, Lamb and Washington Irving while in London. In fact, Washington Irving was a most intimate friend ofPayne's and they had an arrangement wherebythejr exchanged lodgings in London and Paris asthe circumstances required. Payne would remove to the Paris rooms when Irving came toLondon and vice versa. When Payne gave upthe stage his dramatic impulse led him to becomea playwright, and his first work for the stagewas an adaption entitled "The Maid and theMagpie," for which he received one hundred andfifty pounds from the Convent Garden management. His next adaption, "Accusation," wasproduced at Drury Lane, James W. Wallack playing the leading role. Payne staged his "Brutus"himself, designing the scenery, properties andcostumes. It was produced by Edmund Kean atDrury Lane, on December 3, 1818, and ran seventy-sixnights in all. Payne had intended totake the role as Titus himself, but the management thought that an actor should not appear inhis own play, and he did not appear.Although Payne took care to give credit toseveral authors for suggestions which he hadutilized in his tragedy of "Brutus," still he wasaccused of plagiarism. Washington Irvingpromptly came to his defense, and showed thepublic the ridiculousness of the accusation.Payne then made an attempt at managementwhich resulted rather disastrously. He was byno means a business man and his brief career asa manager sent him to the debtor's jail. It washis good fortune while in jail to receive a coupleof plays from Paris. In one of these, "Therese,the Orphan of Geneva," he discovered such greatopportunities that he had made an adaption ofit in less than three days and sent it to DruryLane. It was rushed on the stage and Payneattended some of the rehearsals and the firstnight in disguise. He was enabled to pay hisdebts and get out of jail because of its greatsuccess. He was sent to Paris by the rival Convent Garden management to watch for theatricalsuccesses and make rapid adaptions of them. InOctober, 1822, he wrote to Henry Rowley Bishop,who was composing the music for Convent Garden pieces that he would make three adaptions."Ali Pacha." "The Two Galley Slaves" and"Clari," for two hundred and fifty pounds. Payne'sfinancial condition was at a rather low ebb atthis time, when Charles Kemble, manager of Convent Garden Theater, bought a quantity of hiswritings, among them "Clari, the Maid of Milan."It was at Kemble's request that Payne altered thisplay into an opera and introduced into it thewords of "Home, Sweet Home." "Clari" is really more than an adaption and Payne could nothave derived more than the plot from theoriginal. In turning it into a play, Payne wroteoriginal dialogue and verses. Clari. the heroineelopes with a duke, but is led to return to herparents by hearing a company of strolling players sing one of her native songs, which in Payne'sversion is "Home, Sweet Home."The poem as originally written contained twostanzas, a third and fourth, which have sincebeen dropped, and the original is neither as simple nor affecting as it became when Payne incorporated it in "Clari."This lyric became what it is by eliminationand not by elaboration. The original form ofthe poem lacked the familiar refrain and whileit contains many of the essentials of the poem,does not make as direct and strong an appeal asthe more simplified form. Its plaintive melodyand tender pathos will always adorn with affectionate regard the memory of its author. "Home,Sweet Home" became famous in a night, and itis said that one hundred thousand copies of thesong were sold in a single year and it broughtthe original publisher over $10,000 within twoyears from its publication. The following formof the poem is that with which all are familiar:'Mid pleasures and palaces though we may roam,Be it ever so humble, there's no place like Home!A charm from the sky seems to hallow us there.Which, seek through the world, is ne'er met withelsewhere!Home, Home! sweet, sweet Home!There's no place like Home!There's no place like Home!An exile from Home, splendour dazzles in vain'Oh, give me my lowly thatch'd cottage again!The birds singing gaily that come at my callGive me them! and the peace of mind dearerthan all!Home, Home! sweet, sweet Home!There's no place like Home!There's no place like Home!There is quite a difference of opinion concerning the composer and origin of the melodyParke, in his "Musical Memoirs," says that the airis from a German opera, while other authoritiesagree in calling it a Sicilian air adapted by SirHenry Rowley Bishop. There are numerousfabrications concerning its authorship, butCharles Mackay, the distinguished English poetand journalist, in writing "The London Telegraph" with a view of putting an end to suchcontroversies stated that in one of the many conversations which he had had with the gifted musician, Sir Henry Rowley Bishop, he was favored with the whole story. Sir Henry told theEnglish poet that while he was completing the"Melodies of Various Nations" he found that hehad no Sicilian melody worthy of reproductionand he, therefore, invented one, which is the nowwell-known melody of "Home, Sweet Home."Payne continued his residence in London until 1832, when his ill-success led him to return tothe United States, and nine years later receivedthe appointment of American Consul at TunisIn 1845 Payne returned to the United States.While he was ia Washington, during the closeof his last visit to this country, he witnessed themost soul-stirring scene of his whole career. Itwas in December, 1850, while Jenny Lind wasmaking her triumphant tour through the UnitedStates. She gave one of her concerts in the greatnational hall at Washington and Payne occupied a front seat. Her audience had been entranced by the rendition of her lovely melodies,when she suddenly turned to where Payne wasseated and sang "Home, Sweet Home" with suchfeeling a pathos that the audience was movedwith excitement and enthusiasm. Payne wasthrilled with rapture at this unexpected compliment. Again in 1851 he returned to Tunis asAmerican Consul. His following words showthat he experienced a mingling of unusual pleasure and sorrow: "How often have I been in theheart of Paris, Berlin, London or some othercity and have heard persons singing or handorgans playing "Sweet Home," without havinga shilling to buy myself the next meal or a placeto lay my head! The world has literally sung mysong until every heart is familiar with its melody, yet I have been a wanderer from my boyhood. My country has turned me ruthlesslyfrom office and in my old age I have to submitto humiliation for bread." He died at Tunis,Africa, on the 10th day of April, 1852, withouta relative or friend at his bedside. He wasburied in St. George's Cemetery, overlooking theBay of Tunis, and a suitable monument waserected to his memory.William H. C. Hosmer has so well expressedthe remarkable antithesis between his fame andhis fate in the following lines:Unhappy Payne! no pleasure grounds werethine,With rustic seats o'ershadowed by the vine;No children grouped around thy chair in glee,Like blossoms clinging to the parent tree;No wife to cheer thy mission upon earth,And share thine hours of sorrow and of mirth.Or greet thy coming with love's purest kiss.Joy that survives the wreck of Eden's blissHands of the stranger, ring the mournful knellHomeless the bard who sang of home so well!His restlessness did not seem to end after hisdeath. In 1883, W. W. Corcoran, the noted philanthropist of Washington, who, when a boy hadseen Payne act, had his remains transferred fromTunisto Washington. When the body reachedWashington it was placed in the Corcoran ArtGallery, and the burial took place in Oak HillCemetery on June 10, 1883. The President ofthe United States, his cabinet and military escort formed part of the cortege, while thousandsof voices and instruments rendered his immortallyric.THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEKentuckians of TodayHe, of the Clan of McGregorIN Kentucky, politics is a serious occupation,not a mere distraction. In fact the three inborn qualities of a native Kentuckian arechivalry, oratory and politics. In the fall of1911 there was a hotly contested campaign onfor state officers, and it happened that on anumber of occasions the nominees of the twopredominant parties met in the same town andcounties to fill speaking engagements The twocandidates for attorney general were men thatresembled each other verr much, and they worethe same type of clothes and hats. On one ofthese occasions in the eastern section of Kentucky a strapping, big individual, in typicalfarmer mountaineer attire approached one oithese candidates for attorney general, and said:"My name is Williams; I'm from Boyd County.I'm usually on the other side of the fence, anda great many of the boys up our way are forMcGregor, but I am going to jump in and seeif I can't help you out.""So you don't like McGregor?" queried thecandidate. "What's the matter, personal or politics?" "It ain't politics, as I got a sort of a bendinghis way myself. It's special reasons. You seewhen he was in the attorney general's office Ihad some 'folks down in Central Kentucky thatgot in trouble with the state and he beat them.""Maybe it was because he was a better lawyerthan the one you had," said the candidate."Maybe so. They tell me he's a cracking goodlawyer, but I'm agin him."At this point a mutual friend of the two steppedup and said, "Tom, I am glad to see you andWilliams are evidently getting matters straightened out. I have heard that Williams was against"I ain't against Mr. Gar-you."No," said Williamsnett, I am for him."The candidate turned to his friend and said:"Tim, Mr. Williams evidently thinks he is talking to Mr. Garnett, so I want you to introduceus, and I am going to try to show him that ifhe could make a mistake in this way perhapshe is also mistaken about that case."And Williams went back to Boyd county swearing allegiance to McGregor.The Blue Grass state has the faculty of turning out big men at an early age. Most of herable men have arrived atbigness, both mentally andphysically early in life.Tom McGregor is no exception to this generalrule. He has been in politics ever since he couldspell the word, and he wasan orator before that. Hehas never held public office for the simple reasonthat he is a Republican,and unfortunately the fewtimes that he has been acandidate was not onthose rare occasions whenhis party was successfulin Kentucky. He was bornnear Benton, MarshallCounty, September A,1881, and a considerationof this date will convinceone that he has arrived athis present state of usefulness and high trust atan usually early age. Hebears his ancestral derivation self-evident in hisname and he is indeeddescended from the celebrated Highland "ClanMacGregor," which figures so prominently inScottish history and romance, Rob Roy MacGregor, being well knownthrough the writings ofSir Walter Scott.Thomas Burnett McGregor.His great-gandfathei's great-grandfather wasDuncan MacGregor, a :on of Rob Roy. Hisgreat-grandfathers' grandfather, a son of Duncan,was named John, and participated with othermembers of the Clan MacGregor in the battleof Preston, fighting under the banner of BonniePrince Charlie. There is still living a great-uncleof our subject Preston MacGregor, who wasnamed in honor of this battle by John MacGregor,who was Preston's great-grandfather. DuncanMacGregor was tried and acquitted for takingpart in a raid made by the MacGregors in steal-The McGregor Home in South Frankfort.ing away Jean Krey. Because of their participation in the rebellion of 1745 and the carryingoff of Jean Krey the immediate family fled fromScotland to the Carolinas. The MacGregorswere proscribed and hunted like foxes on manjoccasions in Scotland, although their proud mottowas "My race is loyal." Tom MacGregor maywell take pride in the fact that he is descendeddirect from these intrepid Highlanders.William N. MacGregor, his father, a hardwaremerchant of Benton, was also born in Marshallcounty. The grandfather was William CaseyMacGregor and the great-grandfather likewiserejoiced in the name of William, which appearsto have been a favorite in the family. It wasthe last named William who founded the familyin the land of the Stars and Stripes. His forebears were Scotch Covenanters and since his daythe spelling of the name has been changed fromMacGregor to McGregor. The mother ofThomas B. McGregor bore the maiden name ofMary J. Reeves. She was born in Graves county.Kentucky, the daughter of Alp Reeves, a braveConfederate soldier who was killed in a battleof the Civil War.The canny McGregor whose name initiates thissketch was reared in Marshall county and withinits pleasant limits obtained that education whichhas since served him in such good stead. Afterfinishing in the common schools he entered theMarshall County Seminary at Benton and whenseventeen years old he obtained license to teachand for several years served in the capacity ofcommon school pedagogue. In 1901 he graduated from the law department of the Cumberland University at Lebanon, Tennessee, and inthe same year was admitted to the bar at Eddyville, Kentucky. Not long thereafter he enteredinto a law partnership, the firm being known asOliver, Oliver & McGregor, and the above mentioned young attorneys enjoyed a large and lucrative practice at Paducah and Benton, whereoffices were maintained. In this firm Mr. McGregor remained until he was appointed in January of 1908 assistant attorney general of Kentucky. In politics Mr. McGregor is a militant Republican. He began his political career at the ageof sixteen, when chosen secretary of the MarshallCounty Republican Committee. From early manhood he has been recognized as one of thestrongest Republican campaign speakers of Kentucky. In 1905 he was hisparty's nominee forcounty attorney of Marshall county and in 1907made the race on the Republican ticket for representative in the legislature from the Sixth district, reducing a Democratic majority of morethan twelve hundred tosixty-two votes. He wasappointed assistant attorney general by AttorneyGeneral James Breathittin 1908, and in this officialcapacity, conducted in alittle over two years, twohundred and forty-fivecases for the state beforethe court of appeals, withgratifying result. He became nominee of the Republican party for Attorney General at its stateconvention in Louisvillein July, 1911. Being anadvocate of good roads,better schools and betterconditions for the farmers,from which class hesprang, Mr. McGregor, asassistant attorney, hadcharge of the departmentof schools and agricultureContinued on page 13.1THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEThe Kentucky Agricultural Experiment Station and its WorkEdited by Thomson R. Bryant, Supt.EDITOR'S NOTE This is the seventh of a series of articles on The Kentucky Agricultural Experiment Station and its WorkThe Rearing of Jacks and Mules!By J. J. Hooper,Kentucky Experiment Station, Head of Animal Husbandry Horses, Dairy Cattle and PoultryTHE Kentucky Agricultural ExperimentStation has issued bulletin 176 by J. J.Hooper and W. S. Anderson which dealswith the breeding, care and management ofjacks and jennets. There is very little information obtainable in regard to these animals.Jacks have been imported to Kentucky in considerable numbers and they have been broughtto a state of perfection in this commonwealthto which they have never before attained, andyet the average Kentuckian knows very littleabout jack stock. The remote ancestors of thejack may be traced to the wilds of Asia andAfrica. The wild animals were brought to ahigh state of perfection in Spain and the islandsnear Spain which are located in the Mediterranean Sea. These Spanish jacks vary in colorfrom gray to black and in height from 14 to 15hands. There are six distinct breeds which havebeen imported to America. In the hands ofAmerican breeders they have been fused into anew breed.In the establishment of the American breedthe most potent individual was Imported Mammoth, who was brought to South Carolina inthe year 1840. He was a large jack and possessed considerable coarseness. He was purchased by some Kentucky farmers and walkedthrough from South Carolina to the blue grasssection and stood in Kentucky during nine seasons. His pedigree is a complete mystery.Among his sons were Buena Vista and MaringoMammoth, and he was the grand sire of BlackMammoth and Tennessee Maringo Mammoth.The latter jack established a family in Tennessee.A BEAUTIFUL JENNET.Weight, 1,050 pounds; height, 15 hands, 1 inch.Ears from tip to tip 34 inchesLength of head 31 y2 "Between the eyes 9 "Around the jaw and face 34 "Around neck 37 "Length of body 84 "Around chest 68 "" flank 72" forearm 16 "knee 14 "" cannon 9 "hock 16 "" hind cannon 11 ".This jennet sold for $1,000.mmgmmgB3K"$39MBfc1!!3IEVtjmSIA FINE JACK COLT.This represents the highest art of Jack breeding. Thiscolt was the outstanding individual in a class of ten coltsof the same age at the Blue Grass Fair in 1913. His earsare large. He has a straight back, a deep flank, well setlegs and large bones.Imported Mammoth was used exclusively asa jennet jack and so great was the demand forhis services that his owners placed his serviceat $100. At that time this was an unheard ofprice, and even today the usual charge is $25.This serves to prove the value of the old jackas a breeder.In Bourbon County close to that section ofMontgomery in which this famous Mammothjack lived, there were brought two noted jacks,Alvarado and Moro Castle. The latter is saidto have cost $5,000. From Alvarado sprang theYelvertons and from both came many offspringwhich aided the Mammoth blood to go on producing better individuals during each succeeding year. Leer's Napoleon by Imp. Napoleonwas also a valuable jack in the early history ofjack stock in this state.From these few jacks has sprung the greatjack stock industry which has made Kentucky,Missouri, Tennessee and to a lesser extent, Indiana and Illinois, famous as mule producingstates.The tendency to coarseness which the imported jacks of early days possessed, has in thehands of American breeders, been greatly refined. An army of intelligent live stock breeders deserve credit for having expended great energy and intelligence in the perfection of the jackstock. Many men of wealth and fame have devoted much of their energy and genius to theimprovement of the jack stock of the blue grassstate. Today these animals are as large as everand possess much greater smoothness and finishthan jacks from any other section of the UnitedStates or from Spain. It is widely known thatthe best jack stock in the world is to be foundin Kentucky and states adjoining.A good jack should possess large pointedears, which should measure about 33 inchesfrom tip to tip. The preferred color is black,with white points. Standard height should be15 to 16 hands and weight from 1,050 to 1,150pounds. The girth measurement of a real goodjack should be 70 inches and the measurementaround the hind flank about the same. Thecannon bone below the knee should measure approximately 9 inches. The hock should measure about 10 inches in circumference.In purchasing a jack one should .be carefulto learn the pedigree of the animal before closingthe deal. Any animal possesses and passes on thecharacteristics of his race. If inferior animalsare included in his pedigree some of their inferior characteristics will appear in the offspring.No cross-bred animal can breed according to hispersonality. He can show in the conformationof his body only a few of the characteristicswhich he carries in his blood and can transmit.It would be better to use an animal of only fair individuality who comes from a good family thanto use a superior jack from a common family.Remarks in Regard to Rearing of Jacks.The appetite of the jack must be studied, andhe must be supplied the best of feed. Most Kentucky jack breeders use clover and alfalfa hayand sheaf oats. Occasional use is made ofaimo-A TWO-YEAR-OLD-JACK.Weight 1,000 pounds; height (st. m.) 15 hands, 1 inches.Ears from tip to tip 35 inchesAround face and jaw 28 "Face, poll to mouth 30 "Eye to eye 10 "Around neck 41 1 "girth 66" forearm 17 "" knee 17 "" cannon 934 "" hock 191 "" hind cannon n "" flank 72 "Length, poll to tail 91 "This two-year-old Jack is of extra high class. His greatestdefects are that his eyes are a trifle small, and he is somewhat depressed in his back line from with'ers to rump. However, his ears are large, and he has lots of bone in the headand jaw, and he is heavily muscled in the neck, has a deepbody, large knees and hocks and stands well on his legs.His sire is a large jack, and he is out of the splendid jennetshown in Fig. 2. This jack sold for $1,500.00 to go toMexico.THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEMULE MARE.This saddle-bred mare is eight years old. She stands 15hands, l inches high, and the bay mule colt is 41 incheshigh. The mare has been used for driving purposes, andshe weighs 1,050 pounds. Both the mare and the colt arelight in bone. While the colt has good head and ears, yethe has an objectionable Roman nose and because of atendency to crooked hocks, a drooping rump, a straightshoulder and light bone, the colt is considered as beingrather second class.thy hay, but it is considered rather coarse andwoody. During August and September manystockmen use green corn which is often runthrough a cutting box before being fed to thejack. Green sorghum is also fed in this manner. Bran and oats are standard feeds and cornis often used, but it is considered that too muchcorn is heating and causes jack sores. The jackshould be allowed a paddock in which he maysecure considerable exercise and also some" grazing. His stall should open into a paddock andhe should be allowed to run in and out at will inwinter and summer. Green rye, wheat or cloverpasture is useful for young jacks.A young jack should be fed two ears of corn,one quart of bran, two quarts of oats and heshould be allowed to run in a one-acre pastureduring the day. At night he should be suppliedfive pounds of clover hay.For yearlings use four ears of corn, two andone-half quarts of oats, two and one-half quartsof bran and seven pounds of clover hay.For two-year-olds, one gallon of oats, twoquarts of bran, and seven to ten pounds of clover hay. If the jack is poor add four ears ofcorn per day.Aged jacks will eat about the same as two-year-olds.Have the feed trough as high as thebody as feeding from the ground causes low carriage and ewe necks.During the winter the jack, as pictured in thenext column is fed one bundle of cut-up sheafoats at 5 p. m., one-half gallon of clean shelledoats twice a day every other day, one quart ofbran or ground barley is mixed with one of hisfeeds. This jack also has a two-acre pasture torun in at will.Jack Sores.Jack sores are caused by a bad condition ofthe blood and heavy feeding of corn. Greengrass cools the system and prevents sores to acertain extent. An excellent remedy is to dustthe sores with a mixture of one-half slacked limepart, and one-half part flour. For bad raw soresthe stockmen should mix verdigris and sweetmilk together to form a paste which he shouldapply to the sore with a wooden paddle twice aday. This will dry up the worst sores.Rearing of Jacks.A jack colt should be allowed to run in a pasture with a horse colt or filly, the former beingpreferred because the young jacks are so roughin their play. If a young jack associates onlywith young jacks or jennets during early life, hewill not ordinarily serve mares later on.The jennet colts are allowed to run with theirdams in pasture from spring to fall. In Octoberthe foals are brought to the barn and weaned.Then they are fed cut sheaf oats and sorghumand one ear of corn a day. In the spring theyare placed on pasture and are fed nothing elseunless the grass becomes very short. In thewinter they are again taken to the barn and provided roughage with a small amount of grainduring the winter. When three years old they arebred. Aged jennets are maintained on pasture inwinter and summer, but during cold weatherthey are supplied corn stover and occasionallysome hay.FBBTwSK5BBBBBBBSBVHSHMBaB!I111M I r 1 11 1 1 M 1 rr uayjMthjaTATJMA PICTURE OF FOUR JACKS.These four Jacks were purchased by a Mexican stockman.Numbering from the right, the first and third jacks cost$1,500 each; the one on the extreme left cost $1,400, andthe little jack standing in position number two is of mediumsize, and cost $750. It was only after considerable intelligent searching that three jacks of this quality were secured.A SPLENDID JACK.Weight 1,155 pounds. Standard measurement 15 hands, 14inches. Six years old May 5, 1913.Tip to tip of ears 33 inchesWidth between eyes 9 "Length of face (poll to end of upper lip) 33 "Around jaw and face 40 "" neck 42 "" girth 70 "flank 72 '" arm 16 "" knee 16 "" cannon 9J "hock 19 "" hind cannon 10 J "From poll (between ears) to root of tail (totallength of body) 84 "This jack has won many championship ribbons in Kentucky. He was sold to his present owner for $1,800.00. Heis of splendid size and has a commanding appearance, andis a sire of large mules. However, he is slightly calf-kneedand crooked in the hocks.The work animals of the southern farm is themule. The number of mules in Kentucky wasestablished by the statisticians of the UnitedStates Government on January 1, 1913, at 229,000,with a value of $120 per head or total value of$27,480,000. The farmers in the agriculturalstates of the south raise very few mules and theyare, therefore, dependent on Kentucky and adjacent states to supply their work stock.Brood Mares for Producing Mules.Every one agrees that the small mare is unfitfor mule breeding. There are many coldblooded, light-bodied, frail and unsound mareswhich are not deemed of sufficient merit to breedto stallions and so they are used to producemules. A first-class jack will beget only secondclass mules from such inferior dams. There islittle demand for inferior mule colts, while thereA MEDIUM JACK.This four-year-old jack is fifteen hands high. He hasrather a small jaw and is small in the bone below the knee.Also the muscling in the arm should be much larger. Hisbody is well proportioned. He has a deep flank and his legsare straight and well set. Estimated weight 850 pounds.Especially commendable is his strong back. This animalsold for $750.is an unlimited market for those of size andquality. The best mules are produced by marespossessing sufficient draft blood to give themweight and sufficient fine horse blood to givethem finish. The colts from pure bred draftmares are apt to be coarse and sluggish. Themules from pure bred mares of the light horse 'type sometimes lack scale. The Kentucky farmeris beginning to use 1,200 to 1,400 pound maresin his farm work. He finds that these maresmore than pay for their keep in the work thatthey are able to do, and besides they furnish a$100 mule colt.Our work among the farmers of Kentuckyleads us to make the statement that it costs about$169 to raise a mule to the age of a three-year-old.It is poor economy to be stingy with amule colt in regard to feed. Size is one of themost valuable attributes possessed by this type ofwork stock, and if they are stunted while youngthey will never attain to a useful size.Types of Mules.The most valuable mules belong to the draftclass. Such mules stand 16 to 6lA hands high,are heavily muscled throughout and weigh over1,300 pounds. The plantation mules weigh from1,000 to 1,500 pounds and are 15 to 16 hands high.The sugar mules possess considerable quality.The smallest class of market mules is that knownas mining mules. In as much as some mines canonly accommodate an animal of about 13 hands,a lack of size constitutes a virtue and these mulesare usually cheap and plentiful.MULE MARES.These two mares and their colts present a striking lesson.The mare on the right is a thoroughbred, and she stands 15hands, 3 inches high, and the colt was 41 inches high atbirth. Because of the length of barrel and the length ofquarters and general capacity, this mare is considered anexcellent mule mare. The toppiest mules that are nervousand active and weigh from 900 to 1,000 pounds, are bredfrom thoroughbred mares, of which both the colt andmother are typical animals. The mare is slightly light andcalf-kneed. The Southern farmer desires a mule that isactive and energetic, and we have an illustration of such amule in this picture. The mare to the left is of an opposite type. She is light boned, is short in the barrel, isleggy and has short quarters. The mare stands 16 hands,2 inches, but the colt was only 40 inches high at birth.This is an inferior mule mare.THE MONTHLY MAGAZINERaise More Swine In Kentucky and Protect ThemWith Anti-Hog Cholera Serum10y . . Hooper,College of Agriculture, State University, Lexington, Ky.ONE of the controlling factors in swine production in every state in the last few yearshas been the dreaded scourge of hog cholera. In Iowa last year the loss was estimated atbetween $30,000 and $40,000, and the state andnational authorities are making a strenuous fightto prevent the spread of this disease, for, nodoubt, the loss from hog cholera is one of thecontrolling factors in the high cost of living.Kentucky has been more fortunate and the lossthis year will, in all probability, be less than lastyear. This does not mean that Kentucky has notsuffered a preventable loss through the ravagesof this disease. The outbreaks this fall havebeen mostljr confined to the mountain countiesin Kentucky, but the infection is well scatteredin every county of the state. In the mountainterritory it has been very hard to control, as acomparatively small quantity of protective serum was used, and practically no precautions regarding the destruction of carcasses were observed. The value of serum as a preventive of hogcholera is generally known throughout the stateas evidenced by the demand for serum by thefarmers and for immune sires and dams in different herds. In Kentucky during the year 1911approximately 6,000 hogs were vaccinated; in1912 17,000, and during the first eleven monthsof 1913 35,000 hogs were inoculated, with a saving of 91 to 92 per cent of the animals treated.The county agents have brought the problemof hog cholera eradication to the attention of thefarmer in many instances and through the initiative of these men great service has been rendered the farmers in the saving of many herds.Heretofore when a farmer had an outbreak ofhog cholera, he was forced to discontinue feeding or raising hogs for six months to a year. Atpresent this is not necessary as he can restockimmediately and protect his hogs from choleraby the use of serum. This is being done successfully every day by the farmer. The countyagent has served as a medium through which thefarmer gets in close and immediate touch withthe Experiment Station.The Serum Laboratory at the ExperimentStation is providing for more immune hogs inKentucky by producing approximately each week250,000 cubic centimeters of anti-hog cholera serum for the protection of Kentucky's swine industry; an amount of serum sufficient to vaccinate 5,000 pigs weighing 125 pounds each. Se-HEALTHY HOGS ARE A PAYING PROPOSITION.SERUM BOTTLING ROOM.rum is sold to the farmers of this state at approximately the cost of production, which is onecent per cubic centimeter. Every farmer shouldfavor more efficient laws controlling the spreadof this disease, and the hearty co-operation ofall interested is essential in the enforcement ofthe law already existing as quoted herewith:1. That in all cases where pig, shoat,or hog shall die of the disease commonlycalled "Hog Cholera" or any other disease, it shall be the duty of the owner orowners of such pig, shoat or hog, or theperson or persons having the care andcustody of same, having knowledge ofthe fact or upon receiving notice thereof, to cause the carcass of same to beburned within twelve hours or securelyburied two and one-half feet deep.2. Any person or persons failingand refusing to comply with the aboveprovisions shall be deemed guilty of amisdemeanor, and, upon conviction thereof, shall be fined a sum of not less thanten nor more than fifty dollars.Approved by the Governor, March14th, 1912.The burying of hogs that have died of cholera is a dangerous practice and should be discouraged. Virulent outbreaks of hog cholerahave developed from carcasses that have beenburied for several years, therefore, the man whoburies cholera hogs on his farm is in constantdanger of hog cholera. Burning is greatly to bepreferred.There is no reason why hog cholera can notbe eradicated from this state in a reasonablelength of time if proper precautions are observed by the men interested in swine production.We should not be satisfied to vaccinate and saveindividual herds here and there and allow theinfection to live, thrive and scatter on adjacentfarms. Our aim should be the ultimate eradication of this deadly virus from every farm in thestate. The Experiment Station is fully equippedto do valuable work along this line, and is offering assistance and advice to all farmers ofthe state.Method of Vaccinating Hogs.There are three methods of vaccinating hogs,namely: (a) The Serum Alone Method, (b) theSerum Simultaneous Method, (c) The Combination Method.Serum Alone Method.As the name suggests, this method consist:in injecting serum alone into the animal. Hogcholera can not possibly be introduced or transmitted by serum alone. This method immunizeshogs from a few weeks to two months and isbest for suspicious or infected herds.Serum Simultaneous Method.This method consists in injecting the sameamount of serum as recommended in the SerumAlone Method, but in addition a small amountof hog cholera virus, (blood of a hog sufferingfrom cholera), is injected, before the hog is released, in the opposite thigh or opposite side ofthe neck from which the serum was injectedSevere transitory effects may follow the use ofthis method and occasionally a very susceptible pig develops the disease from the inoculation and dies. The average loss is about one ortwo per cent. Hogs vaccinated by this methodare immune to the disease of cholera from sixmonths to life; usually for life. Hogs to betreated by this method must be in the pink ofcondition or irregular results will follow.The Combination Method.The combination method consists in first usingserum alone, followed by the injection of serumand virus in ten or twelve days. This methodhas the advantage of preparing the animal for theserum-simultaneous treatment. It should be usedespecially in valuable herds where the loss of oneor two animals would more than pay the entirecost of the vaccination. This method will nottake the place of proper sanitary precautions orcorrect any other ailment of swine, but merehinsures greater protection subsequent to the inoculation. Specific information on this subject will begladly furnished on request. Write for bulletinAll communications relative to hog cholera eradication should be addressed to Dr. Robert Graham, in Charge, Serum Laboratory, ExperimentStation, Lexington, Ky.pv "vSbF??THE EASIEST WAY TO BURN A DEAD HOG.THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEJim Treadway's PriceA Political Story of TodaySy A- Bart Horton11'THE I. X. L. Railroad maintained its usuallobby that winter at the Legislature. TomGordon, good fellow and prince of lobbysts was in charge, and it was, no doubt, due to hisiniiuence that any pending legislation adverse tothe railroad interests had failed of passage forthe past four or five years. It was also undoubtedly due to the same influence that a number ofmeasures favored by the railroads had passed.The I.X. L. Railroad had become the clearinghouse for the other railroads where their interests were identical. A two cent a mile rate billhad been introduced early in that session and hadbeen in the hands of the committee for severalweeks. It had just been reported to the Housefavorably.At the headquarters of the I. X. L. lobby atthe Nevill House, which was ostensibly Tom Gordon's suite of rooms, there was an atmosphereof exceeding jubilance. This particular suite ofrooms had been selected with the utmost care, andpossessed features peculiarly advantageous for hisparticular purpose. There were four rooms tothe suite, which was on the second floor, and thefirst room was a corner room with two entrances. This room and the adjoining room werereception rooms. The third room was Tom Gordon's private bedroom, and the last room was hissanctum, to which only the extreme elect wereever admitted. As this room had a private staircase entrance but few people knew that it belonged to that suite.The newly elected Vice-President and GeneralManager of the I. X. L. Railroad and Tom Gordon were in consultation in this room. The General Manager was regarded in the railroad worldas the coming man. He had been secured fromone of the big western railroads and althoughcomparatively young in years, undoubtedly possessed, extraordinary executive ability."I am expecting George Wells, one of thepolitical bosses and big men in the state, in afew moments." said Tom Gordon. "He hasworked hand in hand with us for some time."Just then there was a tap at the door leading to the private entrance, and TGm Gordonwent over and opened it. and George Wells entered the room.Large of frame, with power and determination written in every line of his features GeorgeWells had become a leader of his party in statepolitics. Kis face was flushed with anger, as hestrode into the roGm. nodding curtly to Gordonas he caught sight of the stranger seated at thetable."Mr. Wells." said TGm. "permit me the pleasure Gf introducing to you Mr White, our newGenera! Manager. I have been outlining some ofdie work we have to do this winter in the Legislature in Grder to protect our interests."George Wells shook hands with the GeneralManager, then turning to Gordon aid. "Yes, andit is because of some of that very work that Iam here tonight to talk with you." as he spoke,his face grew redder, and his tones displayed intense-anger."Damn it. man! Didn't I tell youthat I had reasons of my own for not attemptms to reach Tim Treadwav in anv manner ata!f?"Tom Gordon's face redeemed at the tonesusee to him. but there was exultation in hisvoice when he said. "Have we got him? I wassot certain as I have not heard from Meyers yet.""Got him? Yes, vgu have gGt him." repliedWells. "You have not only got him. but youhave broken the heart of Gne of the squarestien I ever knew: the man I had in mind forGovernor. In fact, the only man that we couldhave won with next fall." Turning to Mr.White, he said. "They talk about politicians being grafters and. being crooked. Why. the mostcrooked politician that ever lived is a piker compared with your big men in railroads. I havebeen in politics a great many years, and have beensuccessful mainly. I believe, because I have bt&na man of my word and have tried to be square,la aft that time I have never yet bought a man.Men have done my bidding because of some favor they expected or because Gf some favor thaiI ad GGne for them. I have sgIq my influence.but this influence has been my stock in trade;just as the merchant has a stock in trade. I havenever yet. however, sold that influence where Ithought that it would really cause distress toany single individual or to the public. Thereare times when the public demanded or thoughtthey demanded certain measures that might provebeneficial to them. As a practical man, I havealways weighed the question, and have found outin most cases that those benefits did not actuallyexist. It has been my experience that a practicalpolitician, well versed in municipal and public affairs, who is comparatively honest, can give thepeople a far better administration than the average business man. Why, who would make thepolitician dishonest, if it were not for the temptations thrown in his path by the business manor corporation who desires some special measureand who, to save time and trouble, goes to thepolitical leader to gain his end.""This is quite a dissertation on politics, Mr.White, but I am good and sore. Jim Treadwayhas been one of the few men that I have admiredand respected, and he has ability sufficient tomake him one of the big men in our country, andyet a dirty crook, the tool of you, Gordon, getshim. I just left Jim Treadway's room, over atthe Northern Hotel. He called me by phoneand told me that he wanted to see me. WhenI went into the room I scarcely knew him. Hisface plainly showed that he had passed throughan ordeal of the most severe manner. When heshook hands with me I was shocked. That firm,manly Jim Treadway grip, so well known, whichalways makes it a pleasure to shake hands withhim, was gone. He threw his hand over my shoulder and said in tones that trembled with agitation"They have reached me at last, George.""What are you talking about, Jim? What'sthe matter with you?""The I. X. L. people have gotten me. Youknow I have fought for this two cent bill bothin committee and in every other way, despitetheir overtures and their threats. They couldnot reach me personally, but the dirty crookswent after my boy. I sent for you to tell youthis much, George, but I am too upset to talkany more about it. Go over and ask Tom Gordon the story, he will tell it to you.""I saw that it was best to leave him alone,and I am over here now to hear the details."The General Manager, who had been a silentauditor to these remarks said, "Mr. Wells, eversince I left college I have been a railroad manand have had little to do with politics. We Western railroad men have had about all that we couldattend to in building up and managing our roads,without paying much attention to the political&nd of it. We have had our legislative fights,but that end of it was usualh looked after byour Eastern capitalists. I went to college withyour Jim Treadway, in fact he was one of mychums there, and he had the reputation of beingone of the squarest men in college. I knew himto be the soul of honor. I have not heard directly from him or seen him for years. I knewthat he was in your Legislature here. What'sthe story oi this deal. Gordon?"Gordon answered: "Meyers is probably outside. I'll send for him. and he can tell you all.Of course, you know, Mr. White, that we sometimes have a pretty rocky road to travel, mencome here opposed to railroads and corporations,without any good reason for it. excepting astubborn prejudice, and it has been up to us toovercome this prejudice. Sometimes we are ableto do it through argument, more often throughfinancial consideration, once in a while we arecompelled to adopt other means."White nodded. "I understand. Get Meyers."Gordon went out and returned with a short,heavy-set man. whose frank and open countenance was somewhat marred by eyes that weresmall and fox-like. "Meyers this is Mr. White,the new General Manager of our road. Mr. Wellsyou know Mr. Meyers is one of my assistants.Joe. I want to tell these gentlemen the completehistory of this Treadway deal.""All right. Mr. Gordon, you will rememberthat after vou had failed to reach Treadway hereyou told me to go over to his home town, andsee if I could dig up anything of his past,' orfind any other possible way of getting him. Heowns a nice farm and is a lawyer of exceptionalability, as you all know. He was a man of exceptional honesty, well fitted to take a high placeat the bar, but he has devoted his talents towardaiding his friends and neighbors and consequentlyhas not gotten very rich at it. He is married andhas two children, a girl and boy. The boy'?education was finished at an agricultural college, with the idea of putting him in charge of thefarm. Treadway's idea, however, was to give hima couple of years in commercial work, so that hewould be a fairly well equipped business manwhen he went on the farm, and could apply business methods to farm life. Before Treadway'snomination to the Legislature the boy secured aposition at our station at home, with the idea ofacquiring some knowledge of shipping and ofrailroad work. I found him to be a bright andmanly fellow who had been kept at home prettyclosely. I was there ostensibly as a man ofmeans and I sent for a man named Johnson inour employ, who was about thirty-five years old.and who had a reputation for being adebt atcards. I instructed Johnson to make the acquaintance of young Treadway and to show him agood time generally, that he was not to know meand he was to manage an introduction as strangers, that if possible he was to arrange to getyoung Treadway to playing cards. My schemeworked out in great shape. Young Treadwayrefused Johnson's proposition for a game of cardsonce or twice, but finally one evening when hewas not quite sober he fell for it, and we hadseveral games with one or two other men in thetown participating and young Treadway won. Alittle more than a week ago I saw to it that thecashier of the I. X. L. Railroad there was promoted to another station and young Treadwaywas given the job. You can imagine the rest ofthe story, gentlemen. On last Saturday night weplayed and young Treadway lost over a hundreddollars, and I was one of the principal winnersHe asked me to wait until Monday and statedthat he had some money in the building association, which he would try to draw out then, orthat Tuesday was his monthly pay day, when hecould pay it from his wages. I told him that Imust have my money as I was leaving town Sunday morning and intimated that if he did nothave the money to lose that he did not have anybusiness playing cards and that it would not bea good thing for the company to know that hehad been playing. My talk was of such a naturethat it had the effect I desired and he met me,just before train time the next morning at thestation and gave me the money. Early Mondaymorning our auditor came in unexpectedly, ofcourse, to him, but not to me, checked up hisaccounts and found him short just the amount hehad paid me. The auditor who had had his instructions, at first threatened the boy with arrest, although he told him that he had more thanenough in the building association, of his ownto cover up the amount. The matter was finallysettled by the boy agreeing to come to the StateCapitol with the auditor and explain the matterto his father. When they reached here they wentdirect to Jim Treadway's room and the storywas told him. Treadway offered to make goodat once, but, of course, that wasn't what we wereafter, and the final result was that the auditoragreed not to prosecute the boy if Jim Treadwaywould vote against the bill, that he said was hisonly alternative. It seems, however, that theboy told his father the whole story in full andmy name was mentioned. When the boy described me to Treadway he saw through thewhole thing at once. At any rate he has promised to vote against the bill." And Meyer beamedon his audience, for he felt that he had landed abig thing for his road.Wells looked at him for a moment and thensaid: "Meyers, you are 2. contemptible cur, inall my dealings in politics I have never condescended to such a trick as that, but I want totell both you and Gordon that if in the futureContinued on page 12.12THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEContinued from page 11.the I. X. L. Railroad wants to hav- anydealings with me they will have Co cutboth of you out. You have my promise in this particular matter, and Ihavealways prided myself that my 'Avordwas as good as my bond. I have beenwith you principally for the reason thatI didn't believe this two cent bill wasdoing justice to the roads at this time.There is one thing that I shall absolutely demand of you. Mr. White, thatis that you furnish me with a receiptof the amount of the money this boytook, which I shall pay you myself,and with a statement from your roadthat his accounts are in good shape.This I am going to take to Jim Treadway. I don't believe that it will changehis agreement to vote against the bill,but I am going to give him the opportunity." The General Manager answered Mr.Wells. "I am more than glad to meeta man of your caliber. You can restassured that under no circumstanceswill I countenance such actions as this.You will understand Mr. Gordon, thatas long as I am manager of this roadthat at the first inkling that I get ofany such contemptible work as this going on in the future that we will notwait for your resignation. You can goover to Jim Treadway's room tonightand tell him what I have said."George Wells had aptly describedJim Treadway's condition. He was almost broken-hearted over his son'sconduct and the shame that had' beenbrought upon him. He did not blamethe boy so much, for in his mind hehad pictured the whole devilish schemeand knew how easily a young fellowjust entering manhood, even of the bestprinciples can be influenced by thewiles of such men as Meyers and hiskind. His mind was fully made up, hewould vote as he had agreed to do andimmediately resign from the Legislature. His son exhausted from the severe ordeal through which he had justbeen passing, had gone to bed, and JimTreadway was sitting alone bowed ingrief when someone knocked at thedoor. He went to the door and opening it saw Harry Wilson, a fellowmember of the Legislature."Hello, Jim," said Wilson. "I havejust had something told me in absoluteconfidence. I want to talk to you aboutit.""All right, Harry," said Jim. "Myboy is in here asleep, so we will walkup to the end of the hall.""Wilson noticed Treadway's condition and said, "Good God man, what'sthe matter with you, you look asthough you were seriously ill?""I am," said Jim. "Ill in mind andbody." And as they reached the endof the hall he said: "What is it youwant to tell me?""I have just heard, Jim, that youwere to vote against the railroad bill.""It is true, Harry, but I can't seetheir object in telling it to anybodynow. They have got me and that isthe reason you found me looking andfeeling as I do." And Jim proceededto tell Harry the history of the affair."Fine lot of crooks we Legislatorshave to deal with," said Wilson whenhe had finished. "I have had a confession to make to you for sometime,Jim. You and I have been the closestof friends, and have almost alwaysbeen together when it came to voting.They got me about three weeks ago.Matters have been going gainst mefinancially of late, and I have hardlyknown which way to turn, after fighting the thing off for several days, Isold out to them for three thousanddollars, one thousand in cash and theother thousand after the vote was delivered. After I had agreed and accepted the money it worried me so thatI would not use it as badly as I neededit, and I practically have determined toreturn it to them. You can bet thatafter what you told me that they willget it all back.""Send it back by all means, Harry.I will be more than glad to help youfinancially, for I can realize what thatsort of thing means now. I must saygood night to you, old fellow, as I amall in." And they walked back downthe hall.While they were saying good night,George Wells walked up to them andgreeting them said: "I want to talk toyou just a minute, Jim.""All right, George, come in."Wells then told Jim of White'soffer."That's mighty good of him," saidJim. "But I propose to stick to myword, and you can depend upon it thatthey will be sorry when I get throughfor what I have done.""But, Jim, I want to run you forGovernor next fall, and I want thisthing kept quiet," replied Wells."Not for mine, George, I am absolutely through with state politics. Iwill try to do some good at home andgive my boy a little more of my attention in the future."No measure before the Legislaturethat winter had created such intense,State-wide interest, as the two-centbill. In the house the bill had beenpassed by the narrow margin of onevote. Harry Wilson, advised by JimTreadway, had' returned the moneypaid him by the railroad company, andhad voted for the bill. This had beenan unexpected blow to the railroadpeople, who had strained every nerveto defeat the measure, and, upon actualcount, had figured upon Harry Wilson's vote. The interview between himand Gordon had been full of excitement. He had waited until the nightbefore the day upon which the finalvote was taken before he had his interview with Gordon. When he entered Gordon's sanctum, by appointment, he said to him: "Mr. Gordon, 1f 1 1 A Quarterly Mag-l-AAl Kllli-lir azine, publishedVjUwU vUl&l Y an( edited by us.mvmmhhv Tells bow to mate,breed, feed and care for poultry tbe best way. Mostcomplete record system. Provides for 3 months' workwith poultry lu each Issue, along practical, sensiblebusiness lines. Quotes prices on eggs from Fiveleading white breeds; also incubators and broodersof tbe beat kind. Make bis money on poultry bydoing it our way. If new In the business, be surethat you start right. We can help you. Deals withspecial crops and intensive farming, fruit growinggardening, nil supporting poultry. 10 cents a copy;25 cents a year. Write tonight. Subscribe now.SH0REW00D FARMS CO., SAUGATUCK, MICH.UNFLOWEReB Every poultryman In America should grow snn-riowers tor two reason, shade and feed. ThoMammoth Russian, largest of all varieties, showyand most profitable to grow in the poultry yard orgarden. Wo offer select seed, clean and good, of this wonderfulSunflower, one pound. 23c postpaid. With every 23 centciee r 5S 5 GOOD POULTRY Sdevoted to special crops and Intensive farming, with specialattention to the care and handling of poultry. Tells how tomake $200 per acre per year on any farm from 5 to 1(0 acresGood Poulti-T alone, 10c a copv; 25c a year. Order now; writtonight for bargain seed list, C, of vegetable and field seeds.SHOREWOOD farms CO., Sauoatuck. Mich.Continued on page 14.TTia Rao rial vf " maSazine section must111C lYCaUei 111 remember that it is due to theencouragement and assistance ofthe advertisers that he is receiving the best magazine sectionpublished The advertiser who does not receive returns willnot continue to advertise. Write to him and purchase hisgoods whenever possible.We can say to the ADVERTISER that we can give you somethingyou can't get anywhere elsewe can Give You Kentucky ConcentratedI. And in addition a portion of Ohio, Indiana and Tennessee, and aCirculation of 134,000ON EARTH. In a high class MAGAZINE SECTIONin the best agricultural sectionsissued to the following papers:KENTUCKY PAPERS.Bourbon News, Paris.Paducah Sun, Paducah.Ashland Independent, Ashland.Jessamine Journal, Nicholasville.Georgetown Times, Georgetown.Kentucky Register. Richmond.Pinnacle News, Middlesboro.The Interior Journal, Stanford.Central Record, Lancaster.Lebanon Enterprise, Lebanon.Kentucky Standard, Bardstown.Springfield Sun, Springfield.Elizabethtown News, Elizabethtown.Mt. Sterling Advocate, Mt. Sterling.Somerset Journal, Somerset.Fleming Gazette, Flemingsburg.Danville Advocate, Danville.Owensboro Inquirer, Owensboro.Carlisle County News, Bardwell.Murray Ledger. Murray.Hartford Republican, Hartford.Providence Enterprise, Providence.Russellville Times, Russellville.Lyon County Herald. Eddyville.Twice A Week Ledger, Princeton.Earlington Bee, Earlington.Twice A Week Argus, Central City.Harrodsburg Herald, Harrodsburg.Grant County News, Williamstown.Maysville Independent, Maysville.Messenger, Bowling Green.Bracken Chronicle, Augusta.Paintsville Herald, Paintsville.Vanceburg Sun, Vanceburg.Greenup Republican. Greenup.Trimble Democrat, Bedford.Carlisle Mercury, Carlisle.Oldham-Era. La Grange.Warsaw Independent, Warsaw.Corbin Times, Cor bin.Carrollton News, Carrollton.Spencer Courier. Taylorsville.Shelby News, Shelbyville.News-Herald. Owenton.Henry County Local, New Castle.Henderson Journal. Henderson.Pendlctonian, Falmouth.Green County Record, Greensburg.Taylor County Enquirer, Campbellsvifle.Tribune-Democrat, Benton.Fulton Leader and Commercial andFarm Journal. Fulton.Mountain Eagle. Whitesburg.London Sentinel, London.OHIO PAPERS.Daily Register, Ironton.Norwood Republican, Norwood.Portsmouth Times, Portsmouth.Greenfield Journal. Greenfield.INDIANA PAPERS.Lawrenceburg Press, LawTenceburg.Daily Courier. New Castle.The Examiner. Connr rsvilleTENNESSEE PAPERS.Daily Jacksonian. Jackson.Summer County News, Gallatin.Greenville Sun, GreenvilleIn addition to the above desirable mediums, we have more than 600 stockholders in these sections, all interestedto the extent of FAVORING THE ADVERTISERS.Rates, 40c per agate line, subject to change Spt. I. 1914 FOR WE ARE GROWING.Send for a copy of our magazine section, and you will agree with competent critics that it is the BEST OF ALLThe Associated Publishers Company501 Provident Bank Bldg., Cincinnati, OhioSEND US YOUR ADVERTISEMENT, NO MATTER HOW SMALLADVERTISING MANAGER IN CHIEFL. W. HOLLIDAY, 1618 Mailers Building. Chicago. 111.REPRESENTATIVESL. W. HOLLIDAY. HOLLIDAY & VANDIVERT,1618 Mallen Building. Chicago. HI. 610 Brunswick Building, New York, N. YFIELD REPRESENTATIVE KENTUCKY REPRESENTATIVELINN H. MITCHELL, W. OWEN McINTYRE,1618 Mailers Bldg., Chicago. 111. Danville. Kentucky.SJKaiPLAYING CARDSOWIv'"lllXGOLD EDGESFor Social PlayDainty, beautiful artbacks in, lull color. Manynew designs now ready.See them at your dealer's.Air-Cushion Finish jS&eaY(U!PIAYING CARDS-i-m.iL-ranwvH-nu-iFLiM-iur.-CLUB INDEXESFor General PlayMillions of Players in allparts of the world useBicycle Cards because oftheir matchless qualitler''Pen Pack Ivory or Air-Cushion FinishTHE MONTHLY MAGAZINE13GASH FOR ACCOUNTS & NOTESAccounts and Notes Collected andClaims of all kinds looked after anywherein the United States.Absolutely no charges unless collection is made.Our System Gets the Money.A trial will convince you.Bank References.Write to-day.May's Collection AgencySOMERSET, KENTUCKYDEALER'S WANTEDGETIN ON THE GROUND FLOORBIGGEST SELLER EVER KNOWNHavens Llck-A-Bit backed by forty years success. Every five pound package a self feeder, nowaste accurate portions each feeding and bigtime saver. Write today for full particulars.The Old Raven Food Co.Ison 1 611 Mailers Bldg. CHICAGO, ILL,8GRAPE VINES1$One hardy Tine of each variety. Brighton.Wrominc. Concord, Champion, Moore sEarly. Kiacara and Moore's Diamond.Jest the thing for the home garden or for arbor covering. . Jkwonderful fruit offer. Home comfort, health, vigor and happiness greatly increased forenly OXE DOLLAR. Vines sent postpaid. To everyone sending us a dollar bill for this grape vinecollection, vre w ill include a real valuable prize a subscription toGOOD POULTRY a -voted to special crops' andintensive farming, with special attention to the care andhandling of poultry. Tells how to make $200 per acre per yearon any farm from 5 to 100 acres. Every grape grower needspoultry. Good .Poultry alone, 10c a copy; 25c a year.Order now; write tonight for Bargain Fruit List, B.SHOREWOOD FARMS CO., SailQatUCk. Midi.USEONE -IT-ONE25c the Box, Post PaidAN EXCELLENT REMEDY FORSORE AND SWEATING FEETand other eruptions of the skin. In Powderform ready for use. Guaranteed.Address:One-It-One Remedy Go.PADUCAH, KENTUCKYContinued from page 7.and also insurance. He is possessedof characteristic energy and ambition and has a fine literary taste,owning an unusually fine private library. On December 19, 1906, Mr. McGregor joined the ranks of the Benedicts by his marriage to Miss NellPalmer, of Benton, Kentucky. Theyhave one child, a daughter namedEleanor Palmer McGregor.Mr. McGregor resides in Frankfort, where he has a beautiful homein the South Side. He has been verysuccessful in general law practice.He is director and executive officerin the Henry Clay Fire InsuranceCompany, of Lexington, Kentucky;vice-president and director of theUnited American Fire InsuranceCompany, of Frankfort; director inR. Rogers & Sons Company; Frankfort Motor Car Company, KinneyManford Company, and others. Heis also interested in some of thebanks and represents a number oflarge foreign concerns.Mr. McGregor has had a numberof interesting experiences in hiscampaign work. Once the train washeld up for an hour and fifteen minutes, without special authority fromthe management of the railroad,while he made a speech from therear end of the train. The story istypical of a Kentucky campaign.WHEN THE COW-CATCHERGOT OUT OF FIX.He was called to the mountainsof eastern Kentucky to make somecampaign speeches during a hotlycontested congressional case in1910, and after making several counties on horseback reached the railroad which traversed several counties in that district. It was the daybefore the election and everybodywas intensely excited. He was downfor two speeches at different countyseats on this day situated on therailroad but not in contiguous counties. In order to make them bothhe spoke at one county seat duringthe morning and caught the 1 p. m.regular passenger train down thevalley to make his night appointment. At one of the interveningcounty seats an ex-congressmanfrom Ohio had been extensively advertised for an afternoon speech, agreat crowd was in town and at thelast monient word was received thathe could not come. The conductoron Mr. McGregor's train, who wasan intense partisan, received thenews up the line of the failure ofthe ex-congressman to arrive andknowing that he was on his train hewired ahead that he had a speakerwith him and for the crowd to begathered at the depot when ourtrain arrived. They arrived amida mountain of humanity with flagsflying, bands playing and for an hourand fifteen minutes he addressedthe crowd from the rear of the daycoach and the train proceeded intime for him to meet his night engagement. He afterwards saw theconductor and asked him how he didit. He said that he reported to hisdivision superintendent at the endof his run that the mail train hadbeen delayed an hour and a quarterbecause the cow-catcher had gottenout of fix. Anyhow the electionwent their way next day and theconductor is still on his run.IMBBMIHBiHKss- ,.r ,.,i.1Siija. fc ' .iwfBMiisWBBBMBIIBWBBBTHIS is not a "treatise" on thescientific principles of spraying.We all know that, in order tohave better fruit, we must spray more.How, when and with what to spray isfully explained in dozens of sprayingcalendars and guides that may be hadfree for the asking from any advertiser. But there is one phase that isseldom, if ever, treated thoroughly inarticles on Spraying, and that is thenecessity of getting the best sprayermoney can buy.You may have absolutely the bestspraying solution and the time at whichyou apply it may be just right; but ifthe apparatus with which you spraydoes the work poorly, all your laborwill be in vain. A poor spray pumpsimply cannot do satisfactory work.Sometimes the pressure is not strongenough ; at other times the nozzle doesnot work right; again, just when youneed the pump most, it gets out oforder, and finally you give up in disgust. In selecting a spray pump, let thecatalogue of a reliable manufacturercome to your aid. Remember thatthere are many styles and sizes ofsprayers, and among them there issurely one that will do the work yourequire. There are small bucket sprayers, knapsack sprayers, "Aerospras"and lots of other spraying apparatuses,from simple barrel sprayers to strongpower sprayers for the man who hasa large orchard.Always put quality before price.When a manufacturer claims that hissprayers cost more because they areworth more and backs up that claimwith thirty years' experience, you cansafely take his word for the truth ofsuch statements. Good sprayers cannot be made or sold cheaply. You canbuy a "gold-filled" ring that is guaranteed for twenty years. But if youyourself expect to wear it that long,you usually buy a 14-karat gold ring.Why not apply the same principle tospray pumps?A good spray pump will last a lifetime. The man who puts out a goodone does not have to guarantee ithe knows what it'll do and how long itwill do the work. There are severalgrades of brass just as there are several grades of everything and it isonly logical that you won't find thebest brass in a cheap spray pump. Sohere is my final advice spray with theright spray pump at the right time,in the right way. Spray with the"World's Best" pumps right now.A. Kruhm.Two Baskets of Apples!Both grown in the same orchard, on two treesthat had the same natural advantages. But wesprayed the tree that yielded the apples aboveand the apples below came from the tree thatwasn't sprayed. In the "Deming ExperimentOrchard", we take our own medicine. Westudy spraying right among the trees to find outwhat is needed in the way of sprayers, nozzles,solutions, etc., etc. We prefer to do the experimenting for our customers rather than let themdo the experimenting for us. This is but ONEof the reasons why practical fruit growers, farmersand gardeners preferJM.M ill rT"iLFor over a score of years they have been termed"The World's Best". The ease with whichevery important working part is accessible, makesthem great favorites. Their practical constructionmakes their use a pleasure and an economy. Tryeither of these two leaders:"Perfect Success"Bucket SprayerIndispensable for garden,greenhouse or small orchard. A great favoritesince it is easily attachedto any bucket. Does goodwork quickly and is builtfor hard wear. Read allabout it in our catalog.Deming's"Universal Success"Is a most useful outfit forgarden, farm, factory andhome. It is adapted to avariety of uses, such asspraying, whitewashing,buggy and window washing, for oiling floors, to extinguish fires, etc Awinner.4 "Deming" NozzlesLead under all conditions in all sections of thecountry. Besides the famous Deming TrioBordeaux, Simplex and Vermorel Nozzles, thereare 6 other styles for different purposes. AH aretested and guaranteed to do thorough work.Spraying Guide FREETo help you spray effectively, we publish amost complete spraying guide. It tells when andhow to spray in garden, orchard and field. -Catalogdescribes over twenty styles of Deming SprayPumps. Ask for your copy and name of nearestDeming Dealer to-day.THE DEMING CO.335 Depot StreetSALEM, ... OHIO"Hand and Power Primps for all Puposes"THE MONTHLY MAGAZINE14Continued from page 12.have a little envelope that I desire toreturn to you with its original contentsintact."For a moment, Gordon's usual complacent self-possession forsook him.He had worked for weeks to accomplish the defeat of this measure, andnow knowing how close the vote wasgoing to be, he saw defeat staring himin the face, when victory was almostwithin his grasp."Won't stay bought, Wilson?" hequeried. "What's the matter? Ain'tthe price high enough? Think yougot us in a hole now and going tomake us come across with more? We'llhave to pay it I guess, if your priceain't too high.""There is no question of price, Mr.Gordon, and there is no use discussingit for the moment. I am going to votefor the bill.""You infernal crook!" almostshouted Gordan, as he jumped fromhis chair. "Do you think that we aregoing to stand for being played within this manner. You vote for that billafter what has passed, and we'll getyou. We'll drive you out of the State.We will break you financially."Wilson's face paled, as he answeredin a quiet voice: "Mr. Gordon, untilI came to this Legislature I was anhonest man, and I valued my reputation for honesty very deeply. I wasdriven by desperate need and I allowedyour smooth talk to induce me to accept your bribe. Perhaps I am a crook,but I want to tell you that the pathsof life are strewn with moral wrecksthat you have made. Many a man hascome to this Legislature with honorand came away with dishonor.Crooks, all of them, but each one ofthem the tool of a master crook, andthere is not a prison in this broad landof ours that contains a greater or vilercriminal than you are. You have doneme the greatest wrong that any manever did me, but I am passing that up,and I am going to tell you right hereand now, I take solemn oath beforemy Maker that if I ever suffer physically or financially any harm throughyou, or your people, that I will killyou." And his voice, cold, cutting,arose for the first time. "I will killyou in cold blood, with the same mercythat you have shown to other men'sconsciences, and I will go before myMaker fully satisfied that I have conferred the greatest possible benefitupon the men of my State, and thatI have rid them of the biggest scoundrel within its boundaries. When Ihave done that I will have madesome reparation for having been acrook." And he turned and left theroom.Test votes in the Senate hadshown that the vote there would bealmost as close as in the House. Inthe introduction of the bill in theSenate and its reference to the Committee and in the Committee itself,and to each of the members it hadbeen know that Jim Treadway hadfavored the bill. There had beenmuch speculation as to why he hadtaken no part in the test votes orin the debate itself. He was by farthe most popular member of theSenate, a powerful debater, and anorator of exceptional ability. Members of the Senate and the public ingeneral had regarded this as an opportunity in which Jim Treadway'stalents would shine pre-eminently,and yet not a word had been spokenby him. The roll-call had been ordered and the interest was intensewhen his name was called by theclerk, Jim Treadway arose and said,"Since I have been a member ofthis body, I have never asked forany special privilege. I ask now, asa personal privilege, to explain myvote."The privilege having been given,he proceeded: "Mr. Speaker and Fellow Senators, this is the last timethat I shall meet with you, and thisis the last vote that I shall cast inthis august body. I have spentmany happy moments here, and Ibelieve I have made many friends.It has been my endeavor here as ithas been through all my life to doright and to be right. In castingmy vote today I am doing absolutelywrong. Therefore, I am laying mycase before you as a jury of mypiers." And then in a few briefwords he told the story of the corruption of his boy, and then concluded with these words: "Mr.Speaker and Fellow Members of theSenate, for the sake of the futureof that boy, whose life's record thatI either as a man or a father couldnot bear to see marred by prisonstripes, for the sake of the mother,who has stood so nobly beside mein my fight through life, I have betrayed my duty to my constituents,and have cast into the mire of disgrace those most prized of all possessions conscience and honor. Ivote 'No,' and against the bill, Mr.Clerk, and I thank you Mr. Speakerand Fellow Members for your courtesy and consideration."Weak and exhausted by his effortsJim Treadway sank into his seat,and bowed his head in his hands.His words, uttered in low, thrillingtones, reached out over the SenateChamber into the farthest depths ofthe crowded galleries beyond, andtouched the hearts of every listener.The story of the shame of a goodman brought tears to the eyes ofmany. The applause that met hisspeech was the silent applause ofloving sympathy.The roll-call went on. There wereseveral of Jim Treadway's friendsamong the Senators, yet to vote,who with wavering minds and forreasons of policy had practically decided to vote against the bill. Theintense indignation aroused in theirhearts caused a change in theirminds and the final roll-call showedthat the bill was passed.Jim Treadway took his boy home General Manager White and the rail-and made a man of him, and a few road interests, who felt that theyyears later exceeding to the call of would receive justice at his hands,his party, and even supported- by became Governor Treadway.We Can Make That Old Hat Look Mighty GoodHATSSOFTSTIFFSILKCLEANED, DYEDBLOCKEDRETRIMMEDPanamas and Straw HatsBleached and BlockedANY STYLE ANY SIZESend Your Hat to Us or Write Us About itJOHN T. MORAND CO.PHONE, CANAL 3889th and Vine Streets. CINCINNATI, O.LADIES' HATS RENOVATED AND RE-SHAPEDAMPHION GLEE CLUBAn organization of exceptional talent, with a personnelof individual excellence. Ha "made good" wherethe strongest demands, have prevailed.i,Available for concert and entertainment work, lodgeand social functions, church entertainments,societies, banquets, etc.ADDRESSMR. S. W. COFFMANCare of Chamber of Commerce CINCINNATI, OHIOiA Genuine Rupture Cure Sent On Trial To Prove ItDon't Wear A Truss Any Longer.After Thirty Years' Experience I Have Produced An Appliance for Men, Womenand Children That Actually Cures Rupture.Are YouRuptured?If so, the BROOKS APPLIANCE ismade for You; You and all other Men,Women and Children who are sufferersfrom this annoying and dangerous trouble.That truss you have been wearing one ofthe many you have tried chafed and irritated you and was worse than nothing.It had springs and pads and harness andstraps and fixings galore and was continually getting out of shape slipping downor working up and always needing attention. Then, there were salves and washesand ointments to make the case worse andharder to bear. I want to say that youwill find none of these annoyances andvexations in the BROOKS APPLIANCE.At least they are reduced to a minimum.This APPLIANCE was made with a viewto eliminate, to do away with, just suchtrouble. I would have been foolish to workhalf a lifetime, thinking out and perfectinga thing that had no advantage or was notbetter than scores of other inventions uponthe market. In my APPLIANCE you willfind the old objectionable features LEFTOUT. You will find it easy to wear. Youwill scarcely realize you are wearing it.There is no binding, drawing and slippingout of place. It does its work effectivelyand with comfort to the wearer. I wantyou to read my book, in which I havetaken pains to give full particulars aboutit. Then, there are a few letters printedin it selected at random from amonghundreds written by men and women whohave been cured. You can write thesefolks and see what they say. If I wereyou I would see to this matter withoutwaiting. You can put off some thingswithout running much risk, but a ruptureis a dangerous proposition to neglect. Arupture is not only bad and serious ofitself, but it leads to things infinitelyworse. Fill out coupon and mail TODAY.lomorrow will do, but today is better-'..MMfSjMIBKKmWMWyi'mw?mmt8m$mmjm.&xm&mmm iw&msmmfmmtszmm;SKXS&K$fiBy3KOTS5 SBWWMWSXWXWWkft-Xvr:. ,WW!Kx55MWMas!5 9X&sttt'&zff &&.'',&? ? ".ygmmmmmmm&mmt gmsmmrM?;A. 'y.&&MM$&&M&0i. &' .& & mzmmm&w&. &'mm" 4&S&V'SfiiiV'',""-A'sV' 'Ten Reasons WhyYou Should Send For Brooks'Rupture Appliance.1. It is absolutely the only Applianceof the kind on the market today, and init are embodied the principles that Inventors have sought after for years.2. The Appliance for retaining the rupture cannot be thrown out of position.3. Being an air cushion of soft rubberit clings closely to the body, yet neverblisters or causes irritation.4. Unlike the ordinary so-called pads,used in other trusses, it is not cumbersomeor ungainly.o. It is small, soft and pliable, andpositively cannot be detected through theclothing.G. The soft, pliable bands holding theAppliance do not give one the unpleasantsensation of wearing a harness.7. There is nothing about it to get foul,and when it becomes soiled it can bewashed without injuring it in the least.S. There are no metal springs in theAppliance to torture one by cutting andbruising the flesh.9. All of the material of which the Appliances are made is of the very best thatmoney can buy, making it a durable andsafe Appliance to wear.10. My reputation for honesty and fairdealing is so thoroughly established byan experience of over thirty years of dealing with the public and my prices are soreasonable, my terms so fair, that therecertainly should be no hesitancy in sending free coupon today.The above is C. E. Brooks of Marshall, Mich., the Inventor,who has been curing rupture for oer 30 years,.If ruptured write him today.If you have tried most pvprvthinr' pKp .nm. t ..i wi,nn i. m . ...iI have my greatest success. Send attached 'eon on toilnv nmi T Wui La in ?my illustrated book on rupture and its cure, showincr mv Annlinnro nmi mVino. vm, cureprices ana names of many people who have tried it and were cured. It Is IrWnnr Ireiier wnen ail others tail. Remember. I u-,o no salves, no Imrnpss no 15p 1003, 1I SPI1M nil frinl tn nrnvn i, !...- T o.r... Ic i- .i . ; , ---. !,.,Don't Make the Childxr rn rwii i t ., , " " j.ut uai x ou, 13 true, ion are me juuge anu once havin"" ,iat: iiuiWPar a llll I hrniicrh I lfp se(in "iy "'"strated 1ook and read it you will be as enthusiastic as mv hundred of ruptureTTCdr d 1TUSS inrOUgll Llie, patients whose letters you may also read. Fill out free coupon beta "v a d m 11 to- lr tir . , -, day- "s well worth your time whether ymi try my appliance or not. siderlngI Want to Reach the Parents of Every remarkanurtured Child in the Country. v.' o matter what we may wish to tlilnklD 1The Truss is a Tlesli Torturing Invention "7 runtured children do not have an equal! r ennSVlVaniafit nniv .. .. i?i: i-i . cnance. "- .. U-....T -, . Jcili; ML AiiriJiiril-iBrooks.had no matter'much you psymy Appliance $tjr( J AirMI nW t H tz. imteJss'ssV6W N&?ji t,rSZb"'d&S$&4inCommon trusses do not helpT XV AWT 1 llOIISnilfls nf mnn on.l ,,.,.,., l.-,fllotn tr l-nTt. that from ttlOir nwn in nnrinnnn ii-itli olin, .Ml. V . Hi.about Mm trusses. ' . Marshall, Mich.AutomaticCushionAnnlianee that I mnkpfor children who are -"ou may have had to wear somethingaillicted in this way. ljke this but don't make your child do it.My Appliance can be iye cue cuiiu something better.Man ThankfulCured at the Age of 76.Mr. C. E. Brooks, Marshall, Mich.Dear Sir:I began using your Appliance for theof rupture (I had a pretty bad case)think in May, 1903. On November 20.quit using it. Since that time Inot needed or used it. I am well ofand rank myself among thoseby the Brooks Discovery, which, conig my age, 76 years, I regard asmarkable.Very sincerely yours.SAM A. HOOVER.High roint, N. C.natic But it is not necc-esary for children to ' l ??' " ;V ... . . fc ,Rupture '"" harsh, cumbersome, steel trusses any ., j5,'1?8 . Wl11 lnterest you to knowI mnk-P more. 'hat I have been ruptured six years andnave always had trouble with it till I gotChild Cured In Four Months.C. E. Brooks,Dear Sir. The baby's rupture is altogether euied, thanks to your applianceyour Appliance. It is vprv msv tn wp.ip and we are so thankful to you. If we couldfits neat and snucr. and is not. in Hip w.nv only have known of it sooner our littleput on anv child with My Appliance is better and I want to V-1 iXl, V-, ' i,u ol usm. in ract, at y umu u avu mm iu suuci urai aanerfect safetv to the Prove it to you. times I did not know I had it on; it just nich as he did. II wore your brace alittle one. For grow- I will make an Appliance to the child's suls,,pted it8elf tue sl,aPe of the body little over four months and has not worning children there Is measure, send it oil TKIAL put it into1 iiml, seemed to a part of the body, as it now for six weeks, lours very truly.nothing better .to be your' hands to see and use and then you1 -"'" " spot, no matter wnat posi- ct ft r J:I:1,"I:,"vrl:"now K-xl1 oa. "iifinei it is wuai i ciaim or not. iZ ,T r x , - --.... , ,---,than T1e Automatic Air Cushion conforms! uoul( be s veritable God-send to thewith every movement of the child: there J! ortu,n,ates who suffer from rupture ifis an even, gentle pressure which grad-' ,i could Procure the Brooks Rupture Ap- r J-i-ually binds the broken parts together nllance an(1 wear it. They would certainly lOntederateas you would bind a broken limb nm! l10F vegvet it, - r . ,then no matter how much the child jumps.i h- ruPture .1.s. n.ow. all healed up and Veteran UreQ.henever the opportunity presents itselfi win say a gooa word tor your Appliance.runs, rolls over or falls down the pressure'is kept up just the same always drawing1 1 m." pans logeinei., Write me today and get all the inforination send the coupon.Others Failed ButThe Appliance CureddrentheirYour Appliance did all you claim for theThe Bre ks Appliance -uredHis Rupture. NowHe Is as Sour d and n ,Whole as if He Had Never " " lilo.Been Ruptured. Marshall. MichI want the parents or Dear Sir:others who may have chil-care to understand thathPln fnr rnnH,ro,i -wMmn F anu wen. v e let mm wear it lor aboutEverv dav that thp rnntiirp is nllnwprt a year m a11' although it cured him 3.ogoon withou the ? rSSt mj!s it . mt?8, a ha? b,?gUn t0 ,Wear it,'rectin- it iust so much lnrdpr will it hP We had tne(l several other remedies andf h, ,,J,?SLS ?"? ?Tfler lU be,got no relief, and I shall certainly recom-No runtured child can pvpp W frPP frnm,men(1 il to friends, for we surely owethe thought of the rupture and it is notllc zo you- lours respecttully,fair to any child not to have an equal I WM. PATTERSONchance with other children. j No. 717 S. Main St., Akron. O.thprp shnnui hP nn rioi-iT- in r0tftr,o- ,.,. ULLie uoy anu more, ior u curea mm soundhoir, ,7 ",i i,Ti - "-" and welliiniiiiitri'u "i itsum aiso uie nouoraoie way In which you ,,,. r p ";,:' 'deal with ruptured people. It is a pleasure 'U; ,.. r? ?' lof1 nin rdcninmoiwi o o-,i -!,?, 1 Dear Sir: I am glad toniends or strnneera. T nm h am now sound and wellYnnvc vT,. ci,wi do any heavy work. 1rery sincerely,JAMES A. BRITTON.SO Spring St.. Bethlehem, Pa.RememberF. D. No. 11.tell you that Iand can plough orcan say your Appliance has effected a permanent cure.Before getting your Appliance I was in aterrible condition and had given up allhope of ever being any better. If it hadn'tbeen for your Appliance I would neverhave been cured. I am sixty-eight yearsold and served three years in Eckle'sArtillery, Oglethorpe Co. I hope God willI send my Appliance on trial to prove reward vou for the good vou are doingwhat i say i true. You are to be the tor suffering humanity.judge. Fillmail todayout free coupon below andYours sincerelj',H. D. BANKS.FREE INFORMATION COUPONC. E. BROOKS, State Street, Marshall, Mich.Please send me by mail, in plain wrapper, your illustrated book and full information about your Appliance forthe cure ot rupture.NameCity . . . .R. F. D.State.We Represent exclusively the following famous makes of Pianos and Player-Pianos:Kranich and Bach, Henry and S. G. Lindeman, J. and C. Fischer, Packard, M. Schulz Co.,Werner and Co., H. P. Nelson, Walworth, Gerhard, Maynard, Marlboro, and many others.OUR OWNGrau Pianos and Player-Pianosare pronounced by experts as possessing the highest degree of artistic merit.SATISFACTORY TERMS MAY BE ARRANGED ON THE "GRAU CONVENIENT PAYMENT PLAN."Write for Catalogue and Price List To-day.i nsBBsWHHIHll in IbbIbbbWbbsbbbVIIIJHJMFtWe have a completeline of Victor Machinesand a most extensivestock of records as well.Victrola prices, $15, $25,$40, $50, $75, $100,$150 and $200. TheGrau Plan makes it easyfor you to own a Victrola.Write for Particulars.75c Music Rolls, Latest Hits, 36cTHE BRAND NEW 88-NOTE KIND.Where Did You Get That Girl?Mammy Jinny's Jubilee.Parisian BalLPeg o My Heart.You've Got Your Mother's Big Blue Eyes.That Naughty Melody.That Ragtime Regimental Band.Entertainer's Rag Hot Rag.The Curse of an Aching Heart.Daughter of Uncle Sam March.There's a Girl in the Heart of Maryland.International Rag.Kiss Me Good-Night.That Tango Tokio.Haadreds of others at these prices. Brand mew 88-aote Masie Rolls at these prices.SOc Rolls 33c75c Rolls 36c$1.00 Rolls 63c$1.25 Rolls 79c.S1.SO Rolls SvSc.$1.75 Rolls SOcMAIL ORDERS AND INQUIRIES GIVEN PROMPT ATTENTION.Please mention "The Monthly Magazine" when writing.THE OTTO GRAU PIANO COMPANY,222-224 West Fourth Street."CINCINNATI'S RELIABLE PIANO HOUSE,"PHONES: MAIN j g