HI ETA AC - 'l"i"'KSrii?-B B HE Mv B A B B VB ShHB BVHk 1Aj1v-- H .lS I- 5Wf -,rikrrf'PUBLISHED EVJJRY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE YEABVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1914. 'rMEETS DEFEATIIfX "WE KNOW HOW".--&i rN.- 1 nt DUUITOUIlr- -w ;v'" rI!innuiaiEHW HOUSE Iv j TABourbon County Health andWelfare League to TakeUp WorkLEAGUE TO EMPLOYAN ACTIVE NURSEMeeting Yesterday Results InOrganization to PromoteHealthful ConditionWith the view of providing a nurseto visit the poor and sick of this cityand to investigate the caes of tuberculosis which may exist, devise meansby which the situation can be controlled, the Bourbon County Healthand Welfare League was organized iathis city yesterday afternoon.The" organization was established atthe instance of the State Tuberculosis Association, which for the pastseveral weeks has had va visitingnurse in this city looking over the situation, and is headed by some of themost spirited women of the community. The meeting, which was held at thePublic Library yesterday afternoonwas well attended and much enthusiasm was manifested throughout. Allthe churches and clubs of the citywere represented and matters pertaining to the work of the organizationwere freely discussed.Miss Hunt, who at the instance ofthe club women 0? Paris, was senthere by the State Tuberculosis Association, was present at the meetingand took an important part. She toldof the needs in carrying on such workin the city and gave much valuableadvice along the lines hitherto proposed for the carrying on of the waragainst tuberculosis,Miss Lucy Simms, who has displayed a great civic interest and wha wasinstrumental in securing the visiting-nurse for Paris, was elected Presidentof the new organization, Mrs. W. O.Hinton, Vice President; Mrs. DenisDundon, Secretary, and Mrs. -WaiterClark, Treasurer. An advisory boardconsisting of one member from eachof the religious denominations of thiscity and five from the 6ity at largewill be chosen at a later meeting.Those interested in this movementare of the opinion that the Health andWelfare League will be of great benefit to the condition of the city froma healthful standpoint and the workwhich has already begun will bepushedw ith much vigor looking to abetter and more healthful Paris.REWRITE RISKSLocal Insurance Agents Receive Instructions to HoldOff A WhileINSURANCE BILLCAUSE OF ACTIONCompanies Out to Beat GlennMeasure Or Quit theStateIJL E 1 1 ii 111 LElBESrrllimlif rls HiI LSSS lull 1 ELLULocal insurance agents Wednesdayreceived telegrams from their severalcompanies notifying them not to cancel any risks and rewrite them for alonger term. The instructions weresent out by general agents, who learned, it is said, that some of the Kentucky agents were affording insurersextended protection by cancelling outstanding policies and rewriting themunder the renewal clause for the longest possible time.Other insurance companies have instructed their agents-not to write anymore insurance for them in case theGlenn .rating bill becomes a law.Two telegrams received which aresimilar to all the others are as follows : '"We beg to advise that the cancellation of policies for purposes of rewriting will not be permitted except'on usual short rate basis. The effective way for your clients to protecttheir interests and the credit of theSates is to defeat Senate Bill 109."And another:"Pro rated cancelations will'not beallowed on any policies rewritten."Practically all of the insuranceagents of this city have received notices to this effect.The Glenn Bill, wnich has alreadypassed the House by a vote of 62 to25, "would give the State Board thepower to fix rates for all risks in theState. The insurance companies aremalting a determined fight on the bill,and are threatening to withdraw in abody if the bill becomes a law..Senator J.- Will Olayof this Senatorial district, was flooded, with telegrams from this city Wednesday, urging him to exert every effort to havethe bill pending before the UpperHouse defeated.Mrs. Anna S. Hopkins AsksFor Decree Against Henry T. HopkinsFight to the Finish.FRANKFORT," Feb. 19. Rumorsof a possible compromise between thesupporters of the bill seeking to enlarge the powers of the State Insurance Board, whereby it may fix fireinsurance rates in Kentucky, and theheads of insurance companies opposing the measure, were scouted by Ruby Laffoon, chairman of the Board,and one of the chief champions of thepending bill. He declared that thefight is a finish one, and that in allprobability it will be terminated onthe floor of the Senate chamber tomorrow, when the bill will come up inthat branch of the General Assemblyas a special order of business.Motion to Make Miller Measure Special Order .forTuesday LostFORTY-TWO FORMOTION THAT LOSTEleven New Measures AreOffered .Before HouseYesterdayFRANKFORT, KY., Feb. 19. Woman suffrage met its first real defeatto-day when the House failed to sustain a motion by Representative Miller, of Paducah, that his bill givingto women the right to vote the sameas men be made a special order ofbusiness for next Tuesday. But fortytwo Representatives weref or the motion. Eleven new measures were offeredWhen the House convened this morning. Senator Arnett introduced a measure for a more efficient supervision ofmines and for the appointment of twoadditional mine inspectors.The Committee on Revenue and'Taxation reported favorably a substitute for Speer's Senate Bill, regardingappropriations to State institutions.The substitute provided payment onlyon proved vouchers, containing" anitemized account of monthly expenses.At the Wednesday afternoon's session of the Senate, Senator Robertson's bill, forbidding the running atlarge of domestic fowls in cities offirst class, was taken up and passedby a vote of 27 to 5. Several amendments were voted down.The Senate passed the anti-Cigarettebill by a vote at 24 to 4. The,bill makes smoking cigarettesby boysunder eighteen, a misdemeanor.Hutchcraft Bill Passed.One of the most important measures to be put upon its passage wasthe bill of Representative Reuben,iiuicxicra,Lt -proYiuiusi-ojii'ttiji.'-u-lishmentof the uniform system of accounting in all State offices. It waspassed, by a vote of 70 to 2. Themeasure provides for the installationof a uniform, modern system of bookkeeping in all State offices. It is contended that the present system is antiquated.Two amendments to the EatonThompson primary election law of1912, and the abolishment of the fellow servant rule of law were alsopassed.HEAVY RAINS PUT CREEKSIN COUNTY ON RAMPAGEWIf You Need a HatAnd want to buy one cheap,. take a look in our show win-a dow at the $3, $4 and $5. hats which we are selling justfor a day or so for aJ s.$.00XBill Coma and buy one whilethey last..a- sV-Mitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's Stylesi9Paris, Kentucky?n. .tvttMHBHHnnnM ii dC r 2A.sLBEuiiMn)iiiiiJuiTiiiniii(nn!ini:inn liininiiniiiiniiiiiinjiiinnnniitiifiuiMnnnitiijinniiuiuiiiinHHii) ruThrough her attorney, Judge DenisDundon, Mrs. Annie S. Hoppins, ofBath County, filed suit in the BourbonCircuit Court Wednesday for a divorce from her husband, Henry T.Hopkins, also of Bath County. In herpetition the plaintiff states that theywere married in Lexington onOctober10, 1910, and alleges that during theyears intervening, the defendant hasjwith Ms jnBurance taken care of foru.v iech-iess uvmg iliuu uisrega.ru, i .. 1crQaf cciv,lo rrinrl wmild notsquandered a large portion oj her es-, tatereBt opposing atate. The amount it is alleged is in, . tlfror.11 ,the neighborhood of $20,000.Order Is General.CHICAGO, Feb. 19. Ever since thebusiness men of Kentucky haveawakened to the fact that the insurance companies probably will suspendbusiness in the State if the bill increases the powers of the States Insurance Board becomes a law, theyhave been flooding the insurance companies with requests for cancellationof their present insurance for the purpose of renewing it for the longestterm possible.This has imposed a great burdenupon the companies and alsoTias atactical effect in that a business manIThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.Further the plaintiff alleges in herpetition that during her married lifeshe has been subject io the most inhuman treatment at the hands of herhusband and at various times he hasdisposed of much of her personalproperty and converted ttie money tohis own use without her consent.The plaintiff prays for an absolutedivorce and asks that the court revert to her hands such property asthe defendant may possess as rightfully belongs to her.Mrs. Hopkins, who is the daughterof the late Mr. Walter Sharp, a prominent citizen of Sharpsburg, BathCounty, was a former resident ofBourbon,and Mr. Hopkins, who is alsoof Bourbon, is prominently connected. The proceedings will come up before- Judge R. LI. Stout in th&, BourbonCircuit Court at the March term.NEGRO GIVEN HEAVY FINE'FOR STRIKING WATCHMAN.dangerous law.In consequence a tneeting of company managers having jurisdiction inKentucky was held Tuesday in Chicago, at which it was decided to sendthe following telegram to theip agentsin 15 of the largest cities and townsin Kentucky. u"Cancellation of policies for purpose of renewing will not be permitted, except on usual short-rate basis.The effective way for your clients toprotect their interests and the creditof the State is to defeat Senate Bill109."A circular t'o the same effect willbe sent at once to all the agents outside the larger towns.Rain, which has fallen almost unceasingly for thirty-six hours up tonoon yesterday, coupled with the decline in the temperature which melted the heavy sonw which fell severaldays ago, has had the effect of raisingall the streams of the county and untila sudden drop in the temperature yesterday which precluded the precipitation was the fear of another floodsimilar to the one experienced lastyear, dispelled.Both Stoner and Hduston creeks,running through this city, are out oftheir banks, and the lowlands alongtheir course are overflowed. Bothstreams were at a standstill lastnight and unless there is another rainno further raise is expected.Reports -from Millersburg yesterdaywere to the effect that HinkstonCreek and all of its tributaries werejggout of their banks ana tne stream was i j. . ... . -i i ! ?3eraising, at tne rate or a root an nour.The colored suburb of Ship town wasrwprflnwiner water. The waters had e&Qflowed ovet the Maysville pike nearthe bridge and travel was impossibleowing to the swift .current. A tele-jphone message from there last night'njght stated- the stream was at at astandstill since, the rain ceased.23BIG BARGAINSTo Close Out Balance of Winter Garments We Vlake the Following JPrices s$ 7.50 Ladies' Coats, now $ 2.95JL0.00 Ladies' Coats, now 3.5y15.00 Ladies' Coats, now -1. . 5.95A.EX-PARISIAN IN WRECKON ATLANTIC COAST LINE.Wes Moore, a negro, was fined $17.50 and given ten days in jail by JudgeE. B. January in Polic Court yesterday afternoon. He was charged witha breach of the peace. Moore, it isalleged, assaulted James Burke, awatchman, at the Louisville & Nashville passengerstation.AVERAGE OF $11.45 MADEON LOCAL MARKET THURSDAYAt the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouseyesterday a total of 52,985 pounds -oftobacco were sold for $6,071.43, an average of $11.45 per hundred pounds.The best average of the day was madeon the crop of 17,005 pounds belonging to the firm of Brent & Burke,which sold for $15.09.The Bourbon Warehouse will holdanother sale Saturday and the saleswill continue thereafter as the deliveries warrant nutil the close of theseason.Rev. William Sweeney, if Evansville, Ind., formerly of this city, had anarrow escape from injury in a wreckwhich occurred on the Atlantic CoastLine while returning from Eustis,Fla., last Saturday. Rev. ' Sweeneyhad been in, Eustis lor several weekson a visit to Messrs. Catesby Spearsand. Aylette Buckner, of this city, whoare spending the winter at that place,and was returning ome. The trainwhich carried a large number of passengers, struck a broken rail andthirteen of the fifteen cars were turned over. Forty-five were injured, butfortunately he escaped without ascratch and assisted in rescuing anumber of the injured from perilouspositions.-BANKS WILL OBSERVE THENATIONAL HOLIDAY HONDAY20.00 Ladies' Coats, now25.00 Ladies' Coats, now.....35.00 Ladies' Suits, now .. .25.00 Ladies' Suits, now20.00 Evening Capes, now.15.00 Evening Wraps, now.5.00 Rain Coats, now7.50 Rain Coats, now10.00 Rain Coats, now20.00 Silk Dresses, now- 4.7.959.9515.0010.005.005.003.75 -5.75-6.75 '7.75$? e, MXTRA SPECIALGirls' 'and Misses' Suits, Suitable for Girls 1 3 torr years, $1 .SO to $20.00 Grades, now$7,50 Each' Come in and Look at These BargainsFRANK & C.,Owing to the fact hat Washington'sbirthday, a national holiday, will occur on Sunday, the banks of this citywill be closed on Monday.sifwi mtmiiiwiiiftttfniiumimiiirjimmimiiimumuuuiiMimuMi12 9k " -. ""-m.sr"A&WJ. . zVTJ" K-.A(i -s 4-,I V . .... v- - -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS? 5KENTUCICY. FEBRUARY 20, 1914The Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication."STI 'TwiaA PKy oet collects do ImvIsSble -U JF 'i Jf gurjRss disease sprea&s them vexi ii fi ourfGodsmdpoSozisuswi2iityplold.New Year's ResolutionsSWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner,'V9sHK cmalHr'JLH" CY Kn t ., . . m? rtiw 7ic0ti TVTATT-ATRYA-y -rrrajM vmu . , ttiM,. - . - r-n n-"XA7E ABE all exposed to such dangers onr only armor i3 good redblood! Let your stomach be of good clgestion, ycur liver activevcmr lunjrs full of good p-jre air and you don't surrender to any of the disease-fcwring germs. The best known tonic and alterative, that corrects a torpid liver,sd .helps digestion so that good blood is manufactured and the system nourished, isBr.IWere'ks QsMm MflEI Wsoexy'This famous medicine has been sold by medicine dealers in its liquid form forvrer forty years, giving great satisfaction. If you prefer you can now obtain Dr.PSerce's Golden Medical Discovery tablets of your druggist at $1.00, also iu 50c sizer by mail send 5tf one-cent stamps, R.V. Pierce, M. D., Buffalo, N.Y., for trial box.fir mo-f-r sine sx-F T r-fz are fully and pror-erly answered in the People's Medical Adll1ZoLlfJtli JE JULit: v;scr L,y jv. X ierce. M. 1). All the knowledge a youngor woman, wife or daughter should h-.v is conwmra in th.s mar Home lJoctor .booklining' 1006 pa jrea with enirniv:Trs bound In cloih,"scnt free to anyone sending SI ono-cv-rataminsrstamps to prepay cost of wranpirja: ar.u postage.Protect Your HomeAnd Safeguard Your Family and Valables by InstallingHOME TELEPHONE .Instant connection with Fire and Police Departments and1,600 other Telxphones in Paris and Bourbon County.Call our Gontract Department to-day.-" Lola! and Long Distance Servicee Paris fiotne telephone and tekgrapb Co.(Incorporated)H FOyif iofls &i(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail 'Matter of theSecond Class.) 'One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and Friday;8Bourbon Laundry!D4VIS & FUNK, Props.fp Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetW B g IWe Take Pleasure.in oing np the finest, shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen isXfeZfji laundered, your custom is theKina we wane as we nose toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.Mnmiinmt!mtfttmfitMittttttM3ttttttMgvADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions,' andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a -newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.NEWSPAPER OFFICEDAMAGED BY FIREFire originating in the roof of thebuilding occupied by the AdvocatePublishing Company, owned by Senff& Hedden, in Mt. Sterling, Tuesday,as the paper was just ready to beprinted, damaged the building to theextent of about $500. The loss iscovered by insurance, while the newspaper suffered about $1,000 damageto presses, linotype, type and stock,mostly by water, and they were alsoprotected by insurance. The upperstory was occupied by Fred W. Bassetas a residence and the household effects were somewhat damaged. Thefire was hard to fight, but was soonunder control. The origin of the fireis -unknown. The paper was issuedfrom the offices of the Gazette andSentinel-Democrat.MIGHT HAVESOLD'EM INTO MEXICOMore than a thousand revolvers andguns of an ancient and modern makewere included in the cargo of thepolice steamer Patrol, on its annualtrip three miles out from New Yorkto sea, where all the weapons captured by the police in that city duringthe year were cast uverboard. Thecollection this year consisted of guns,jimmies, slugs, clubs and revolvers,and is valued at $5,000.STARVE TO DEATH.Amer'can Soldiers of Fortune PerishIn Jungles of P&ru.The Best in the WorldTheHiggin AU-MetalScreens,J The Higgin AU-MetalWeather Strip.Distributors of the Walger NewcTVIodei AwningThe Best Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris Massie" Hospital, A.J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others.Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought now for future delivery are made atcents per square foot cherper.T. A. Hendricks,William L. Page and W. M. Cromer,Chicago real estate men, who invadedthe jugles of Peru in search of healthand fortune, have starved to death, according to dispatches from inland Peruvian towns.The two Chicago men representedan American corporation, which hadthe conditional promise of a tract ofvaluable grazing land. The Americana insisted on penetrating a jungleleading to this even after the rainyseason set in, and offered their nativeguides greater remuneration on theirreturn to cizilization. The Indiansfinally went forward.In a few days the provisions werevirtually exhausted the intense heatand the humility made Droeress al-Imost impossible, medical supplies andammunition were thrown away to.make the burdens lighter, and finally, the men were forcocs to throw awayi their tents. The Indians deserted afew nights later, leaving the Americans and an official of the Peruviangovernment to shift for themselves.X Phone 2J585Sales AgentLexington, Ky.Alleging that he "suffered indignities to his stomach," Jas. T. Fisher,of Pittsburg, appeared in court, seeking separation from his wife. "I gotbeans for breakfast, dinner and supper; beans on Memorial Day, Thanksgiving and Christmas," he mournfullytold the Court. "Once I thought I'dhave a change when chicken wasdished up but, no; it was stuffed23-pt-tf . 9OGEO. W. DAVISJFBNEIAL DIMCTOR AND LICENSED EMBAimBOTH'FkoNES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.Mayo to Pay PensionsFrankfort John C. C. Mayo hasconsented to pay all the interest-bearingwarrants, amounting to about$80,000, issued for the February pay-i ment of the Confecerate pensions.State Treasurer Thomas Rhea mailedout with the pension warrants a statement as follows:"I am pleased to inform you thatJohn C. C. Mayo has announced hewill pay the face value of your warrant. Deposit the warrant in your local bank and instruct them it will bepaid without discount'- at the Paintsville National Bank, Paintsville, Ky.I have made this arrangement withMr. Mayo because of the condition ofthe State Treasury,' there being nomoney therein with vhich to pay thewarrants at this time, and becauseof my determination that you shouldnot be forced to take anything belowthe face value of your claim."iFim A AND HIDESI MM L. HIGHEST MARKET PRICE PAID"" Hm FOR RAW FURS AND HIDESH WV MP WmI en Cdmmlttloit. Wrftt fer price" Hit mnttonMif this U.JOHN WHITE &C0i lqui$ville,ky.jmm&mF&ML. arKiwar & W ijIs NATURE'SDisinfectant.BILERelease that dammed-up Bilo and mostof your ills are relioved. MollycoddleLaxatives de not touch the LIVER.Podophyllin (Nay Apple Root) does.PoDbLax is Podophyllin with tho (ripetaken cut.TTltmn Trysolved oncefor all by CalumetFor daily use in millions of kitchens baproved that Calumet is highest not only iquality but in havening potoer o& well urfailingin results pure to Hi e extreme amwondertully economical in use. Ask yougrocer. And try Calumet next bake dayvRcwdved Kindest AwardsViotU'stod Hx?o:Chicc?o,Peris Urno;tioo, FronctMarch,1912.urs AC&KPS-:a"- K"y07i Yon ebc't rave Ecney vrhta yon 007 clisa? or Iiz-cmi a1 baking powder. Don't be ouled. Bay Cklnmet. It's 10 store economical mors wholesome gires best retells. 11 Calotcet is far superior to tonr milk and soda. IThoughtful consumers of FUEL will resolve to obtain the highestefficiency for theirmoney during the year to cofne. This meansthat they will usedox ycdtpe Coaly"THE FUEL-WITHOUT A FAULT."Dodson & DentonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South MaixrSt Both Phones 140KxC5s:3asS3lHVli'S$.$$0$m $35CANCER CUREDI guarantee every case ) undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.t"tfrt4Valuable City Property ForSale.The residence of the late Mr. J.D. Butler, on Mt. Airy Avenue, will besold at public auction, on the premises, STURDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1914,at 11 o'clock a. m. The lot containsabout an acre of land and has on it ahouse of nine, rooms and bath, finecistern and large stable. A mostdesirable home for any one wantingthe comforts of a country place andadvantages of the city.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.MRS. JOHN C. MORRISON,(10-4t) TrusteePublic SaleWe will seH at public sale threequarters of a mile east of Mt. Olive,O., on F. & B. R. R. onTUESDAY, FEB. 24, 1914,at 10 o'clock, 25 head of RegisteredHolstein cattle and 3 bulls.L. F. SWOPE & SON.NOTICE FROM HEALTH BOARD.Physicians and heads of familiesare respectfully referred to Section J2060 of the Kentucky Statutes, whichprovides as follows:"Section 2060 Anyphysician or head of a family whoshall fail or refuse to report to thelocal Board of Health in cases ofcholera, smallpox, yellow fever,-scarletfever, diphtheria and other epidemic diseases as provided for in Section 2055 of the act mentioned inthe title of this act, shall be fined notless than five dollars for each ,dayhe neglects or refuses to report.(Section as amended by 'Act of March3, 1894)Please take due notice and governyourselves accordingly.A. H. KELLER,- City Health Officer.By order of Board of Health.Paris, Ky., Jan. 15, 1914.(16 jan-tf)Big Prices For LandMt. Sterling At public auction J.Gano Johnson sold to A. B. Pierattfor J. M. Henry, of Illinois, eighty-twoacres of land at $131 per acre andeighty acres to IT. S. Tackett, ofBreathitt county, at ?130 per acre.The Home Farm of 1841-2 acres,"known as "Emerald Chief StockFarm, was bid up to 180 per acre byHenry Allen, of Gainesville, Tex., andwithdrawn. John A. Judy, MasterCommissioner, sold fifteen acres" belonging to the Wilson heirs, at $150per acre. Lafe Kissick bought 20acres and improvements from J. A.Vansant at $275 per acre, and KellerGreen bought thirty-two acres fromHowell heirs at $75 per acre.A girl can sit in a street car for 15minutes and read two chapters of abest seller and then go home anddescribe everything that the other 29women in the car were wearing.9WallPaperEstimatesFurnished onJobs CompletetHandsome Lineof Samples.Telephone 781I Solicit Your TradeALBERT JONESOct 3 tfH. M. HamiltonVeterinarianOffice at Butler's Drug Store,opp. Courthouse. Phones 261.Paris, Ky.(lOfeb-lmo)A CLERGYMAN'S STORYCame Near Losing His Life-How He EscapedWhat is the use of old Atlas hanging onto the job of holding up theworld? Every second man you meetcould perform the feat with one handtied behind his back.HOW IS YOUR BOILER?For Sale by All. Druggists.It has been stated that a man'sstomach is his boiler, his body is hisengine, and his mouth is his fire-box.is your hoiler (stomach) in good working order or is it so weak that it willnot stand a full load and not be ablelto supply the needed energy to your? rt j n re iengine oouyj ; xi you iuivo auytrouble with yonr stomach Chamberlain's Tablets will do you good. Theystrengthen and invigorate the stomach and enable it to do its wok naturally. Many very remarkable curesot stomach trouble have been effectedby them. For sale by all dealers.(Feb,)(adv)The followingletter was received by ThePeruna Co., fromRev. G. W. Roberts, R. R. 2, Bos27, Hartsell, Alabama, under dateof April 2, 1904,which is exactlynine years ago.He says: 'Ttakepleasure in informing you ofwhat your Peruna has done REV. G. W. ROBERTS,for me after R.R.2,Box27,three years of Hartsell, Ala.suffering. I had tried the treatmentsof several doctors, also home remedies, but they failed and all hopehad gone. My friends, like myself,thought I was in the last stages ofconsumption."My daughter brought me a bottleof Peruna and plead with me to tryit. I had got so weak I had lost myvoice, and I tjhought it no use. Thatwas in May, 1902. I began to takeit, according to directions. I -vvroteto you, and you gave me your kindadvice."I soon felt better, my cough beganto give way, and the expectorationlessened. I have taken fourteen bottles. I feel well, eat hearty, sleepsoundly, weigh as much as I ever did,do considerable work on my farm,and ..attend to my other business.My friends seem astonished at my recovery. T wish to thank you for your kindadvice and the books you have sentme. I shall ever praise your medicineand hope that you may enjoy a longlife."It will be observed that Rev. Roberts waited two years after he beganto use Peruna, before he wrote theabove letter to The Peruna Co. Sothat his apparent recovery could notJpossibly have been temporary relief.In a later letter to The Peruna Co.,dated September 22, 190$ Rev. Roberts-says: "I am a gTeat friend ofPeruna. By, the ue of -Dr. Hartman'sadvice I am here to-day, able to bewith nay family and jtt4 to ybuainea,! 1 - "T -" . -7 ' -We quote from another letter, datedDecember 10, 190B: "I praise Perunato all the sick. The people know,my case, and they praise it also."In a letter dated November 22.1909, we quote Rev. Roberts.: "Peruna gave me back my life tenyears ago. All my acquaintancesknow that. I am certainly thankfulto you for your kindness."In a later letter, dated January 13,1910, he says: "I shall ever in thefuture, as in the past, be ready tospeak in praise of Peruna to all sufferers. I believe my miraculous curehas been the means ofmany othersbeing cured in this county."From a letter of September 5, 1911,we quote a few words: "I am stiUamong the living. As to Peruna, Ido not feel that I have words to express the faith I have in its merits.I feel that Peruna has been themeans, through the kind providenceof God, of prolonging my life formore than ten years."We quote a still later letter, October31, 1912. He says: "I took a severecold three weeks ago. I at once sentfor Peruna. Have been taking it twoweeks. I am now better. I considerthat Peruna has carried me over adozen years of life. I always standready to answer any question in reference to Peruna."We quote from his' last letter, datedJanuary 2, 1913: "Dear Friends: Iwish this bright New Tears to ,express my thanks to you for yourkindness. Trusting that you mayhave a successful and happy year, andthat your medicine may prove ablessing to many as it has to me, Iam yours as ever, G. W. Roberts,HartseU, Alabama, R. F. D. 2, Bos27." fIt is not necessary for us to addany words to this story. The eloquence and pathos of these lettersare more convincing than argumentsor affidavits. Who can doubt theclergyman's story? Who can doubtthat Peruna saved his life?Every home should be providedwith the. last edition of the "His ofUte," sent free by the Paew CoCetaaVhM, Cio. f "V" --r ? ,?-, V:rV -' - t r W-. . - - i""j:4An. -. . - t "!.'-tjtr&iJ 's. 3tl?Js...4iSv'flt.i' -i.- riAJviV1Jrtf-riK v .ffitw " r 'J'MTSjfirS- "r "-'-& v 72C-rf -. ' rr t . '', ' ifei & 'K - r -' - tV v i X- M Tt M. r r . - . VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS; KENTUCKY; , FEBRy ARY 20 1H-?NIWV VECI-AL DAV.RAT1WITHTH LOUVlLL POSTFor the next thirty day th .Newwill offer to the people of fchiy aectkw 1 -theLouisTlle Evening Post, Uwt Jtsm'and Home and this publication fcw?one for $3.75. Thii extremely Inprice will be in force only foe uptime specified above. The Brew tagPost, -which is one of the- beet fedpendent daily newspapers ia Hie rSouth, has a regular sueecriptioEVprice of 3.00 per year, the JTarm m0Home 50 cents, and the BoareoetNews ?2.00 per year,, making ilkcost of the three papers at the rffKlar price $6.00. The early subscriberwill.be given the benefit of 2.l&: amaking this clubbing rate it Jk-wderstood that the subscription to tkPost will be sent by mail, and is- o,case delivered to the subscribers ythe city carrier. All subscriptionmust be sent to ,J,THE BOURBON NEWS, fParis. Ktntmf'y, - 4-lHHiHBBHHHHHHHHHBaBHaHHBBBBaHHiBBHIHBBBBBBHHHBBHIHMBHHMaHHMMHaHHaHHiHM. V , - oSCENE FROM ACT ONEWhen you fedvows, tired, worried or despondent it issure sign you need MOTTS NERVERIflPILLS. They renew the normal vigor atmake life worth living. Be sure and askMotf s Nerverlne Pills &WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Prop., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist Paris, Ky..-1 Paris Grand ! !! Thursday, Ag f! February V !ARTHTR HAMMERSTEINPresentsEdith ThayerIn a .New Comedy Qpera,Book and Lyrics by Otto HauerbackDirect From a Record-breaking Runat the Casino Theatre,New York CityEsemble of 60. Augmented Orchestra of 20I ParisWednesday,FebruaryJohn W. Vogel'sBIG CITYMINSTRELSThe One That Has"STOOD THE TEST"Different From All OthersPrices, 25c to $1 5Parade at Noon XIN ARTHUR HAMMERSTEIN'SWHAT? OH, YOU MEAN BIER."Gimme a Coroner's Cocktail," saidthe big man."Whaddy ya mean, a Coroner'sCocktail?" demanded the dartender."A stiff drink of wsiisky and a beeron the side," replied the big man.Music by Rudolph FrimlxGrand!25!NEW COMEDY OPERA, "THE FIREFLY," AT PARIS GRAND, THURSDAY,THEATRICAL.Vogel's, Minstrels.Minstrelsy has been, and promisesto continue to be, tho favorite form ofamusement for four-fifths of the theatre-goingpublic and well it shouldbe for no manner or a performancecan include such a variety of materialnecessary for the edification of themultitudes; besides it is the cleanestand best of all amusements.At the appointed hour the curtainrises, and from that moment until thefinale 'you have fun without a blush,songs of sentiment by the world'sgreatest vocalists; humor without ataint. The songs have been sung;jokes have been told. The sentimentof the balladist may have caused you.to be possessed of a feeling of intoxiction; the festive wit of the comedians has amused you; the charmingacts of the first part in its entiretyhs possibly astonished you; yet theglamor, frolic and fun rolls on withouta hindrance.There's no tiresome overture, but,on the contrary, the various novelfeats gathered from all quarters ofthe globe commence, and ere the finishas been reached, you have, withyour brother auditors, proclaimedminstrelsy the king of amusements.This organization will appear at theParis Grand on WeSnesday, Feb. 25.The scenery and stage settings usedin John W. Vogel's Big City Minstrelswhich comes to the Paris Grand onWednesday, Feb. 25, is said to be themost elaborate and expensive everused for a similar purpose; the setting is called "The Radium Palace,"a befitting title, because of the appropriate costumes, and the numerousand powerful calcium and electricaneffects used thereon. This is the onlysetting of the kind in use by & minstrel organization as the cost of sameprohibits the average manager frominvesting the amount of capital required, (adv)"The Firefly."" 'The Firefly, which made its firstlocal appearance at the Atlanta Theatre last night in the presence of aseason-record audience, is a. crackerjack musical comedy."And, by the same token, EdithThayer is the most bewitching littleprima donna who has been seen inthese parts in many a long day." ' Little ' does not express MissThayer's plans and specifications.She is so tiny that she seems to havestepped out of Lilliputland, and theother women in the company appearabnormally large by comparison.Withal, she is perfectly proportioned,and is- as dainty as an elf fresh, fromuntracked forests. When she singsand she sings delightfully one marvels at the thought that such a volume of melody can issue from sosmall a body wonders just as one isamazed at the liquid notes that pourfrom the throats of a cnary bird.Hei acting is easily on a par with hervoice. She is a comedienne of -rareability, and possesses the dramaticinstincts in a degree seldom seen inmusical comedy stars."Those of you who have been goodenough to read my ' stuff ' during thepast several years, doubtless arej aware that I am not in the habit ofI going into hysterics over musicali comedy companies that come to Atlanta with No. 2 companies. For thishonest failure to see merit whereothers found it, I have been called outof my name no little. It was a difference of opinion, that's all; and ifthere were no differences of opinionin this world it would be a mightysorry old place." Sidney Ormond,in The Atlanta Constitution, Nov. 18.POINTED PARAGRAPHS.v ''Doing it now" is the root of success. Man is" the architect of his dwn misfortune. Money may be saved by avoidingsure things.Some women have .a lot of cheek,but not enough to grow a beard.Unfortunately, the man""who loseshis temper always finds it again.The under dog gets a lot of sympathy, but what he wants is help.If a man admires a woman sheshould at least admire his good taste.When poverty comes in at the doorlove makes a noise like' a flying machine. As soon as a man begins to thinkhe knows a" woman thoroughly somethings crop outv iii her 'personalitythat entirely upet his calculations.v V f &10 CENT "CASCARETS"IS YOUR LAXATIVEBest Liver and 6owel Cleanser andStomach Regulator KnownGet a ten-cent box.Put aside just once the salts,pills, castor oil or purgative watersWhich merely force a passagewaythrough the bowels, but do not thoroughly cleanse, freshen and purifythese drainage. organs, and "have noeffect whatever upon the liver andstomach. , s-Keep your "insides" pure and freshwith Cascarets, which thoroughlycleanse the stomach, remove the undigested, sour food and foul gases, takethe excess bile from the liver and carry out of the system all the constipated waste matter and poisons inthe bowels.A Cascaret tonight will make youfeel great by morning. They workwhile you sleep never gripe, sicken,and cost only 10 cents a box from thedruggist. Millions of men and womentake a Cascaret now and then andnever have headache, biliousness,coated tongue, indigestion, sour stomach or constipated bowels. Cascaretsbelong in every household. Childrenjust love to take them.(adv)An old bachelor may not believethat life is full of contradictions buta married man always does.Never trust a man whose dogcrawls under the house when he seeshim enter the front gate.Commissioner's Sole.. FAYETTE CIRCUIT COURTMary Lane Penn, now MaryLane Penn Crockett, andher husband, W. R. Crockett, ' PlaintiffsVsJ. T. Farmer, Guardian ofLee Russell Penn and" LeeRussell Penn, an infant, DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentof the Fayette Circuit Court, renderedin the above styled action, the undersigned, Master Commissioner of saidCourt, will sell at public auction tothe highest bidder, upon the premises,located near Hutchison Station, inBourbon county, Kentucky, at orabout the hour of 11 o'clock, a. m., onMONDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1914,the following described property:A tract of land situated in Bourboncounty, Kentucky, beginning at astake in Wilmdtt's line and corner to.No. 3, thence with the line of No. 3 N40 1-2 E 41.59 poles to the middle ofthe pike.then with the middle of sameN 60 3-4 W 43.95 poles to a point corner to Smedley, then leaving the pikeand with his line S 40 1-2 W 32.64poles to a stone earner to Wilmott'sline, thence with his line S 49 E. 43.11 poles to the beginning, containingten acres.Also another tract beginning at astone in Wilmott's line corner to LotNo. 4, thence with line of said lot N401-2 E 41.39 poles to the middle ofpike, thence with middle of same S60 3-4 E 19.76 poles corner to No. 2thenc with line of No. 2 S 40 1-2 W45.62 poles to a stone corner to same,thence with Wilmott's line N 49 W19.43 poles to the beginning containing five acres, 1 rood and 8 poles.Containing in all 15 acres, 1 rood8 poles, and is the came land conveyed to said Mary E. Carpenter byCarrie M. Prior by deed of record inthe Bourbon County Clerk's office inD. B. 81, page 250, and being the sameproperty conveyed, to John D. Pennand Mary L. Penn by Mary Emma Carpenter by deed of date Sept. 4, 1902,and of record in D. B. 84, page 612.Said property will be sold as awhole, and upon credits of six, twelve;and eighteen months, the purchaserbeing required to execute bonds forthree equal installments of the purchase price, with good -security thereon, payable to the Commissioner insix, twelve, and ei&nteen months respectively from date of sale, bearinginterest at the rate of six per cent,per annum from the cate of said saleuntil paid, said bonds to have theforce and effect of a judgment, and toremain a lien upon the property solduntil fully paid. The purchaser, however, may pay the purchase price, orany part thereof, in cash, if he so desires. mt tt . ... iijie commissioner will accept nobid for said property of a less sumthan $3,000.00 sR: J. COLBERT, M. C. P. 'C. Q.W, C. G. Hpbbs, Attorney. . .k(Feb.il7-20) . It i .,,. r.; . ,, . HFEBRUARY 26THTHE PROHIBITION MOVEMENTBIGGER THAN THE LIQUOR QUESTIONJUDGE CULLEN'S WARNING.Edward Montgomery Cullen, until recently Chief Judge of the New .York Court of Appeals, delivered the annual address for 1914 to the Bar,Association of that State. His subject was "The Decline of Personal Lite "!.erty in America." The utterance of so emnent a man is the sort 'ofwarning which deserves the attention of thinking citizens.The Prohibition movement is bigger than the liquor question, and thTipeople must be made to realize that the entering wedge of the liquor question demoralizes public thought on all aspects of the rights of men.When a man so eminent as the venerable Edgar Montgomery Cullen, until recently Chief Justice of the NewYork Court of Appeals, asserts thatpersonal liberty in this country is indanger, there is at ieast an invitationto reflection.Personal liberty is not menaced inthis country by conquerers or kings.It is assailed by misguided sections ofthe people, having faith in the omnipotence of the law, by timid legislatorsand by courts that yield to clamor orinfluence.In West Virginia, martial law intime of peace; in the State of Washington, martial law proclaimed by agirl stenographer; in various States,laws intended to deprive the press ofliberty hitherto recognized almostuniversally; in Minnesota, an attemptto say who shall engage in the business of barbering; in Wisconsin, alaw of "eugenics," calculated to restrict the right of honorable marriage; in dozens of States, licenses,fees and regulations to make difficultthe pursuit of certain occupations; inAdvice on Matrimony and CastorOil run as an entry. Everybody wantsto give it and nobody wants to takeit. xmere meu is getting leas, important,every day. We sr.v six wedding single year can turn the same wo-write-upsin which the name of the man's kisses from sparkling wine intogroom had been left out altogether, ; stale beer.L. Sc N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913; Trains ArriveNo. FROM t34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 1 .5:21 am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily '. 5:18 am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y " .7:35am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday..., 7:38am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45'am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:42 am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily :38am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .' 10:20 am12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except "Sunday. .. 3:10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday y.. 3 :15 pm138 Lexington, Ky., Daily ...... 3:33 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:30 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily r. 5:35 pm-39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:23 pm31 9 Cincinnati, O., Daily - 10:50 pmTrains IDe-part "- .No. TO .34 Cincinnati, O.,. Daily 5:28 am4 Maysville, Ky, Daily Except Sunday 5:35am7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ". ......... 7:47am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday . . . .f 7: 50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '..... 7:50am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily .-. 9:43 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9:45 am33 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily 10:29 am133 Lexington, Ky, Daily : 10:27 am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily 12:05pm26 3ynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:04 am13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .-- 3 : 33 jpm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily . 3:40 pa9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:51 pm39 Lexington, Ky, Daily Except Sunday : ...... . . . . 5:51 jp32 Cincinnati, O., Daily ....,. S:2Sp8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. ...-..-....-.....-..-.. S;Xpa30 Cynthiana, Ky, Daily Except Sunday ...... :49paa31 Lexington. Ky, Daily.- ...-v-..,...... 10:Wpa131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily .'......,..-.- 10:BtpmB" dh O- T?I33IE3-T-A.BI.. TrainsNo.2FROM . .Ky., Daily Except Su nday r7:j4 aaKy, Daily Except Sunday ..t 5:54 fib,Trains Depart-,; -vhFrankfort,Frankfort,No.3.TO'Frankkfort, Ky., Daily Except- Samiay. -.,jFranjcrorxrliiortKy., DafljLBxceit Sunday.. :.. s.?&if:25There have "been a lot of c&aagMgand improvements in the past J6 vyears. But tights are built along ? ;same old lines. x-?There are too many men in thiscountry who know how to pay off tfce.National Debt, bnt he can't raia 'anfthing for the grocery man.mEtny places, so-called public-health-lawsthat are nothing else than discriminations against certain peoplein behalf, of othersmore powerful; inStates and nation, taxes, like that oo.oleomargarine, designed to help competitors; everywhere in this country,restrictions upon aGvertising bankrupt sales; monopolistic laws for physicians and nurses; excessive punishments; the denials of the mails; thalong ballot and the short ballot, intended to defeat the voter's purposeprohibition; anti-tobacco?, and whatnot these, all typical of many others,are only a few of fcie invasions offpersonal liberty which are in allplaces notorious.Judge Cullen speaks by authorityhas been a Judge in snis State formore than a third of a. century. Inhis honorable retirement he warnshis fellow-citizens that their personal libertiesare in danger, and, distinguished as his career has been he nev-.er performed a greater public, service.Editorial column, N. Y. World, January 31, 1914. (Adv) -A girl may have teeth of pearl. Butotherwise she resembles the dumb-tyster only because she is so different i marriage is someining. mat in &-A.rriv - i -' -- S '8:30 aa.IA1 w... ' - t&hh:' L & .rf1BSfc-dp'.-90V ,.. ' "V -,' - " y Vfrr tT f" .SJ.' ''"'' . i- -- VTHE BOURBON NEWSARJS, KY.,raBRUA20, 1914-W t f ?51dgkMDmMiAd,XXEverything, as We Said in Our PageMust Gos in Our Sale of House- -ffurnishing Goods..See Our Window Display of Rugs and Rem- Jnants of Carpets. We want you to see them., .,y : 1 ll tl . ti,iOTW"wj p "TTf I ll IBrass andIron BedsA big cut iu thingsthat are alwaysneeded in thehome. See them.$1.90,up to $48.00Library arndStand TablesA Beautif uLLine topick from$1.00up to $23.00Let us cover your kitchen floor with some of ourLINOLEUM DURING OURj. SALE ,1 iLet us show you the Improved ,oManon , Kitchen Cabinet at $27.50during our February and March SaleBIBLE CLASSES BANQUETAT THE CHRISTIAN CHURCH.One of the most brilliant affairs ofthe 'season was -the joint banquet given Tuesday evening in the parlors ofthe Christian church by the membersof the two adult Bible classes of thechurch. Covers were laid for onehundred and thirty-seven, and therewere only a few vacant places aroundthe festive board.Prof. T. A. Hendricfes, teacher ofthe men's class, acted, as toastmaster,and was very clever n his remarks ashe introduced the various speakers,who responded to tne toasts. Thespeakers sparkled wii'n vjit and wrereentertaining in the highest degree.The musical numbers were beautifuland elicited much applause. MissClara Belle O'Neal presided at the piano. One of the most enjoyable features of the evening was the recitationof Miss Patsy Clark, entitled "A Princess," and was given by Miss Clark ina very graceful manner. The program follows: .Piano Selection Miss O'Neal."The Women's Class" Rev. J. T.Sharrard.Selection Quartette.Reading Miss Patsy Clark."Things in General" Dr. T. B. McCartney. "Rosalie" Miss Elizabeth Hinton."Nihil" Mrs. J. Walter Payne.Solo A.' H. Boatright. ,"Saints and Sinners" Rev. W. B.-Ellis."Calm as the Night" Miss Elizabeth Hinton and A. L. Boatright."There'sa Reason' W. O. Hinton. ,Selection Quartette.An elaborate menu, consisting ofcream de voile, fruit salad, pickle,cheese, sandwiches, ginger ices, hotrolls and coffee was served.Seated at the circular table, whichwas arranged in the wide doorway between the ''parlors, were Prof, andMrs. T. A. Hendricks, Rev. andMrs.W. E. Ellis, Rev. and Mrs. J. T. 'Sharrard, Dr. T. B. McCartney, of Lexington, Mrs. Andrews, of Flemingsburg,Mrs. J. Walter Payne, Dr. Martha Petree, W. O. Hinton and P. J. McCord,the latter pronouncing the invocationas soon as all were assembled aroundthe tables. ,The reception committee was composed of Miss Etha "Vanarsdale, former teacher of the woman's classes;Mrs. J. S. Sweeney, ftfrs. -Hendricksand Dr. Petree. These two classesare increasing in interest and membership, and are a wonderful factorfor good, both in the school and in thechurch. tillXHere is Where You Save Work and IfctonfeyA. F. Wheeler Furniture CoRUGS.27x54 inch Velvet, Rugs,our February and, MarchBeautiful$1.46 durinjSale. Real bargains in Rugs and Carpets. (17-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.RIVER PACKET "QUEEN CITY"RAMS PIER AT LOUISVILLEMain StreetCMAS. GREEN, Mgr,Opp. Court HouseI ftach Aiuranc fat q fha 1ft$t a$ Lowest. Pte!Potatoes, fancv Northern Stock, oer ok. 30c- j t APotatoes, fancy Northern Stock, per bn. $1.00Navy Beans, ber lb. . . -"6cKidney Beans, per lb.. . . : ' : . . . 8 l-3cTomatoes, per can ' 10c3 cans Standard Corn '...-. i 25cSweet Potatoes, per can. . . 10cv 3 packages Gold Metal Oats 25c2 large size Mackerel . i . .15c3 large size packages Maccaroni 25c6 bars Octagon Soap . -, 25c6 bars CleanrEasy Soap. . ., .25c7 bars Lenox Soap. . .'. ., . 25c20 lbs. best Eastern Sugar $1.00(With a three dollar purchase)Stone's Silver Slice Cakes received fresh daily.Order early and your order will be delivered on time.T r I FMIHAMI I . U. LL1111IAI V ICash. Grocery.mBoth Phones 234 JGives Up ParishGordtown The Rev. Father Wil-Whearty. for several years thew 3rit o the SLJbhn's Catholic- ckurch, lias been compelled to five upv lite pastorate, on account of throattrooMft aad goes" to North Carolina,frtmt lit hopec to rwprate.'Wholesale VaccinationHarrodsburg The small pox scareresulted in an order by the Board ofHealth for general vaccination, although though there has not "been acase in this county. All unatlev topay for the job we-e directed to appear at-the Cty Hall and as a' resultRe-OpenedThe National Five and TenCent Store Under theManagement ofThe Lambert Co.(Incorporated)Will do their best to serve you with themany things to be had in such stores, fsThis is only an addition to our string:of stores and this combination gives 22 us a buvine Dowr whirh pnhioc c -give you better values for less money. Ji LETS GET ACQUAINTED127 colored men, women and children)appeared and toed the mark, bareddid the job. The city is to foot thebills when the business is finished.'Post Offered Mrs. Stewartr Frankfort The State Prison Commissioners have decided to offer thevacant post of assistant superintendent of the School of Reform to Mrs.Cora Wilson Stewart, who, as SchoolSuperintendent of Rowan county,made herself famous by the establishnetm of the 'so-called "moonlightschools" for illiterate adults. Mrs.Stewart's term as School Superintendent has expired, and Chairman Danielpointment and the opportunities thework would afford. She would be incharge of the educational and disciplinary departments of the Institution.PUBLIC SALE.At 11 o'clock on February 21, theJ. D. Butler property on Mt. Airy willbe sold at public auction. Good residence, modern conveniences, fine cistern and stable, about one acre ofground. Attend the sale. l7-2tFEBRUARY AND MARCH SALE.During our February and - March,E. O'Sullivan, of th Erison Commis-Sale our ta2, Axminster Rugs will be"u"i xurxbu iuib, OLCYYlt tU UOIUCjSUlU B.L fXO.IO.to Frankfort and talk over the an-i (17-tf) A. F. JWHHEELER & CO.One hundred and ten passengers onthe river steamer, "Queen City," werethrown into a- panic Tuesday morning,when the boat, which is the -largestpacket on the Ohio, jammed a pier atthe head of the fairs opposite Louisville. All of the passengers weretaken off by the life severs at the Louisville station. The noat was caughtin the current whil'e trying to effect alanding at the wharf in Louisville.4 towboat was employed to pull theboat, off the pier.ATTEND SALE.Caywood & McClintock sold oaMonday to G. W. Jordan, of Hawkinsville, Georgia, fourteen mules for$2,850, and eleven horses for, $160 perhead.The talk of a fair association hasbeen again started in Carlisle. Ameeting will be held Friday with aview oforganizing such an association. N. H. Rankin is leading fa aneffort to give Nicholas county a fairthis year. " xMatlack & Shropshire, of Winchester, sold to Mr. W. A. McGibbon,of New York, the stylish New Yorksaddle horse, Some Party, a chestnutgelding five years old. The price was?1,200. This horse was shown at thehorse show given by the firm in thesummer and was much admired.Thepe is a difference of only $50,000 between the price of McKinney,the Cleveland, O., millionaire turfman,and Beasley Bros., owners of McGrathiana Farm, in Fayette county.McKinney offered $150,000, but theBeasleys are obdurate at $200,000.The place contains 416 acres, and isone of the most famous thoroughbredhorse plants in America.. It was formerly owned by Milton Young, but itwas sold to the Beasleys,who camefrom Garrard county, and engaged incattle raising on a large scale.PARIS TEAM DEFEATED BYLEXINGTON CHURCH TEAM.The basket ball team of the ParisChristian Church was defeated lastnigh t by the Broadway ChristianChurch team, of Lexington, by a scoreof 43 to 15.PARIS BOY ACCEPTSFINE POSITION IN SOUTHMr. Joseph Q. Frakes, formerly ofvParis, who has for several years pastbeen connected with the BuschmeyerDrug Company, in Louisville, has accepted a fine position with the CourtSquare Pharmacy, in Tampa, Florida,and left Tuesday to assume the dutiesof his new position which is one of re-( sponsibility and carries with it a handsome salary. Mr. Frakes, betterLknown as "J. Q.," s a son of Mrs. Albert Stone, of Cincinnati, formerly, ofParis, and is a brother of Mrs. LeeStarke, of Paris. During his staywith the Buschmeyer Co., he made anenviable record. He is well-knownand universally liked here, and has ahost of friends-who wish him successin his new place in tip Sunny South.DEEDSLODGED FOR RECORDWITH COUNTY CLERK.Don't faiL ta attena the sale of theJ. D. Butler home placeon Mt. Airyon February 21, at 11 o'clock. A modern home with plenty of ground. Aood investment. Read the advertisement in another column. 17,-2tFARMERS' INSTITUTE TO MEETIN FRANKFORT NEXT WEEKThe Kentucky State Farmers' Institute will meet in Frankfort, beginning Tuesday, Feb. 24, and will continue for three days. Commissionerof Agriculture Newman has caused tobe issued invitations to all the farmers of the, State to attend the sessionsof the Institute, which Is not entirelyfor the delegates elected to attend themeeting. Every farmer is urged tobe present, to hear the addresses andcome in contact with the progressivefarmesState.from differenti parts pf ttheREADY JO EAT.If you want something ready toeat, try a package of Butter-Wheat,(20-lt)HAZING OF STATE STUDENTRESULTS IN PNEUMONIAVirgil Chapman, a student at theState University, Lexington, is ill atthe Good Samaritan Hospital, in thatcity, suffering from an attack of pneumonia. His illness Is said to be theresult of being forced ta stand out inthe cold on the college campus,Lclothed only in his nightie and wearing a pair of bedroom, slippers. Thecondition of the boy is due to a hazingprank. Prof. J, V. Chapman, ofFranklin, father of the boy, declaresthat whatever the outcome of hisson's condition he will take some action directed at wiping out hazing atthe State institution.The following deeds have been lodged for record in the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton in the past fewdays:Amanda Wilcox heirs to J. WardWilcox, lot in Paris, $150 -J. W. Young to Bessie Young Mitchell, house and lot in 'North Middletown, $1.John J. Buckley to. George G. Maybrier, one-half acre in Bourbon county, $1.H. Margolen to C. H. Galbraith, sixacres, $1.C. C. Ashurst to Xeroy McDowell,house and lot in Paris, $1.W. W. Mitchell to Mrs. Jennie Perkins, lot in Paris, $1.WAIVE EXAMINATION ANDARE HELD TO GRAND JURYWaiving examination in PoliceCourt- before Judge H B. January,Wednesday afternoon, Robert Link,John Masterson, James Jr Curtis andC. W. Wiggins were held to the grandjury under bond for shooting with intent to kill.Link and Masterson engaged in adifficulty on Feb. 10, in which Linkreceived a fractured skull and as a result was confined to the hospital forseveral days. He was able to be outWednesday, and has about recoveredfrom his injury.Curtis is charged with having shotand wounded Reuben Henderson, ,a,negro, last Friday night, and Wigginsis charged with having shot CharlesPT Mann Monday afternoon over thesettlement of an account. Each ofthe defendants was held in the sum of$500 bond, James M. O'Brien signingthe bond of Curtis, C. J. Lancasterthat of Link, C. T. Masterson signingthat of his brother, John Masterson,and W. O. Hinton furnished bond forWiggins. A number pf witnesses inthe cases of Masterson, Link and Wiggins were recognized to appear before the Bourbon grand jury at itsMarch term.SPECIAL SALENCOAL RANGES.Special Sale on. Coal Rangesmonth. See them!(20-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.thisMEDAL FOR MRS. STEWARTMrs. Cora Wilson Stewart, of Morehead, Ky., has1 had another high honor conferred upon, her, having beenpresented with the Clara Barton medal, which was struck :n honor of MissBarton and presented to her by hernative city, Oxford, Mass., on the occasion of the celebration of its 200thanniversary. The medal -was awarded to Mrs. Stewart In recognition ofher work in establishing '"moonlightLschools," by General Sears, of Maryland, old field worker in the Red Crosswork under Miss Barton, and Dr. Julian B. Hubbell, field agent for yearsin the. Red Croea. Association. AGot Any"DEFECTS?m ffirtR -9m2w SORES,- BURNS, fVyWPvXy SCALDS, BRUISES.s&i?y CHAPPED HANDS fJJJH AND UPS, TETTER, aF ECZEMA? fm Do yon really -was t to heal It? Bad emmgh to AW spend 25c? Then go to the stare aad bay a TA bpx o DR. BKT.L'S jAntiseptic Salve tm It is show wfelte aad snow pare aad if It mV doesa't do the work, get your saeaey back. X4 "Tell It By The Bell" fFor Sale by All Druggists.TREEStrawberry PlantsFrut and Shade Trees,Shrubs, Asparagus, GraieVines. Rhubarb, Petnies,Phlox, Seed Potatoes, etc.Everything for Orchard,Lawn and Garden.Fret Catalag No AgentsB- F. Billeiimeyer & Sons,Lexington, Ky.NurstryntGa Siact 1841-(20fb2iDG) ,jw 3-THE BOURBCWVNEWS, PARK,, KENTUCRY, FEBftUARY 20, 1914UM!SIJTf ' 4 IFSj&A&frSw"-JL-V 1J, .fflfi&yj?&7r&JSOGIAl AND PERSQMflL.HAS THE 3ESTOF ALU LINES MADECLOVER SEED.We have highestgrade: of Red Clover,Af sike. Alfalfa andTimothy Seed at rightprices. See'us beforeplacing your order.Chas. S. Brent 3c Bro.30-tf phones 1 4.FORMER PARIS WOMAN ISGRANTED WIDOW'S PENSIONSirs. J. V. Lytle, of Maysville, formerly of this city, has been, granteda pension of ?20 per month by thegovernment.CONFEDERATE DAUGHTERS' TO MEET SATURDAYThe monthly meeting of the U. D.C. will be held Saturday afternoon at2:30 o'clock in the Confederate roomin the court house. 'SPECIAL ON GAS HEATERS.25Special prices on Gas Heaters.per cent off on all large Heaters.(20-tO A. F. WHEELER & CO.NICHOLAS FAMILY TOMOVE TO BOURBONthe hom pfrs. Charles Myers ohFifteenth street. i" vi Mr. Jack Revelle, of Chicago, wasAn. visitor in Paris yesterday.Mr. Taibott day, of Lexington,was a visitor in Paris yesterday.Mrs. S. G. Clay is. the guest ofMr. Clay's mother, Mrs. Sidney Clay,in Lexington. ,Norci&ott is conve-j Miss Louise Steele is quite illfrom the result of vaccination, at Mar-Sheriff W. F. Talbott is ill at hishome on Seventh street.4 Mrs. Geo. Alexander is the euestof friends in Cincinnati. -Mrs .Tnlin "Rlescent from a severe illness.Mr. T. W. Titus is improving aft- Saret College, Versailles."VvLIVE .ELECTRIC-WIREV . CAUSES SMALL BLAE.An electric light wire becoming,crossed with a wire leading from the'house to the grace arbor, caused asmall blaze in the residence: of Dr. D.S. Henry, Wednesday night. The firedepartment responded to an alarmabout seven o'clock from box 33. Thedamage was very v slight. fThe Carlisle Advocate says: "Mr.T. J. Shannon and family will moveon or about March first from vtheirfarm, known as the Wm. Colville farmon the Lower Jacksrown pike, recentlv sold to -J. W. Thompson, to theirfarm of 188 acres in Bourbon, situated near Paris."VALUABLE PROPERTY.The beautiful residence of the lateJ. D. Butler will be sold at auctionen February 21 at 11 o'clock. This isa valuable piece of city property andwill make a good investment for someAttend the sale. l-ix.one.SPELLING MATCH AT COURTHOUSE NEXT MONDAY NIGHTThe ladies of the Episcopal Churchwill give a spelling match at thecourt house next Monday night, theproceeds of which will be used for thebenefit of the church. A number ofvery prominent spellers have signified their willingness to participate inthe match, which gives promise of being very interesting. A pig, two ducksand a goose will be given as prizes.Every one is invited to attend.WANTED.Room for light housekeeping; centrally located, Main street preferred.Apply at this office. 20-2tO. L. HARRISON'S PERSONALTYIS SOLD AT PUBLIC AUCTION;Monday, near Millersburg, the salefarm nfDr F. A Herbert. The fol-1 Marshall was the honor guesLer an illness of several weeks."Miss Kate Alexander is the guestof Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Carroll, in Louisville. 'Miss Wellington Smith is theguest of Miss pesha Smith, in Georgetown. Miss Gertrude Finney is quite illwith brain fever at her home in thecountry.Mrs. Bedford Deaver, who hasbeen critically ill for several weeks,is improving-Mrs.. C. J. McLear has returnedfrom Owenton, and will remain inthiscity for some time.Mrs. Myra Locknane, of Winchester, is visiting Mrs. ClaiborneBrowne, in this cityMrs. John Wilder, of Maysville,is visiting her sisters, Mrs. GeorgeRion and Mrs. Henry Rippetoe.Mrs. R. H. Wille entertained atthe home of Mrs. Walter Clark, onFifteenth street, Monday afternoon.Mr. and Mrs. B. A. Frank are inNew York visiting their brother, Dr.Ben Frank, and sister, Miss CarrieFrank.Mrs. Samuel Mackey and daughter, Miss Agnes Mackey, are visitingMr. and Mrs. John B. Mackey, in Covington. ' wMrs." Bettie Mcllvain has returned to her home in this city after a visit to Mrs. Pugh 'Miller Moore, in Cynthiana, 'Mrs. W. S. Dale and little daughter, of Covington, are visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. L.s D. Harris, inthis city. -Mr. and Mrs. Taylor Chandlerhave gone to Danvule, 111., for a visitto Mr. Chandler's brother, Mr. Southgfiate Chandler.Mrs. Hugh Montgomery ' entertained the six-hand euchre club Wednesday afternoon at her home onDuncan avenue.Miss Mazie Saloshin, the youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. LouisSalohsi, is suffering from the effectsof vaccination at the home of her parents, on Pleasant street.Mrs. T. T. Templin and son, Mr.Landon Templin, atrended the lumbermen's convention at Lexington,Wednesday; remaining for the banquet Wednesday evening.Mrs. Robert Hopkins, of Cincinnati, is the guest or her mother, Mrs.Thomas Helm Clay, on Eighth street.Mrs. Hopkins entertained a few of herfriends Wednesday afternoon.Mr. and Mrs. Monroe Mansfield,Mrs. T. 'T. Templin, Landon Templin,Mr. and Mrs. L. M. True and Mr: J.H. Stivers attended the meeting ofthe Retail Lumber" Dealers' Association-inLexington this week.Mrs. Arthur Hancock, Mrs. FordBrent and Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft attended a beautiful luncheongiven by Miss Anna Howard Harbisonin Lexington, Tuesday, at which Misslowing prices were oDtamea: unepair of draft horses, 400; one pairmules, 305; one horse, $125; cows,$35 to ?60; steer calves, $20 per head;geese, 95 cents each. Farming implements sold low. Tne weather wasdisagreeably cold and a small crowdwas in attendance. Colonel GeorgeD. Speakes cried the sale.Mr. Harrison has purchased a farmin Nicholas county, to which he willmove the first of March.MILK AND CREAM.If you want the freshest, richest.and most sanitary milk and cream, wehave it; bottled by t!. R. White. Calleither phone 207.(20-2t) C. P. COOK & CO.BIG MULE SALE TOBE HELD IN WINCHESTEROn Monday (court day), Fed. 23, atHamilton's Stock Yards in Winchester Stock Yards, in Winchester,Messrs. H. V. and I. D. Thompson willsell fifteen pairs of two-year-oldmules and several horses. Thesemules are good sized and in good condition and are said to be one of thebest lots offered for sale recently. Atthe same time three pairs of extragood 3-year-old mules and three teamsof five and six-year-old mules. Thiswill be a rare opportunity for any farmer who is in need of some goodstock to purchase. See advertisement in another column. .STOREKEEPER-GUAGERS TOBE DROPPE-D FROM SERVICEFifteen storekeeper-guagers will bedropped from the revenue serviceMarch a, according to Collector BenMarshall, of the Seventh District.They will be asked to hand in theirresignations, to take effect that day.The force of revenue men in thedistrict subject to assignment numbers approximately 130, and as onlyabout 100 of these are regularly employed, it is understood to be the purpose of Collector Marshall to reducethe eligible list so that those remaining in the service will get about tenmonths' work out of the year.NO DAMAGES ALLOWED FORDEATH OF EDDIE GLENNThe Cincinnati Times-Star says:'According to a Frankfort, Ky., dispatch, the Kentucky Court of Appealshas refused to award danaCges for thedeath of Eddie Glena, the wel-knownbaseball short stop, of Ludlow, whowas killed while working as a boilermaker for the Cincinnati, New Orleans & Texas Pacific railroad. Thecourt holds that in accepting the employment Glenn assumed the inci-deatal risk." , ,Glaa was weU-kaown in Paris,wfcWfcjhe playedvbaH for several sea-MM iWtttt ma. aemwwwui. u, uThe Lexington Herald" of Tuesdayhas the following:"Mrs. Ernest Cassidy entertainedMonday a few friends with afternoontea at the Phoenix Hotel, in honor ofher brother and his bride, Mrf andMrs. T. E. Moore, Jr., which was acharming little gathering of friends tomeet them."Mr. and Mrs. Moore have just returned from -their wedding trip in theSoijth, and after a visit in Cynthiana,are on their way to Hazard, Ky., tomake their home, spending a few dayshere en route."One jof the most lovely societyevents of the season was the dinnerdance giv'en Wednesday evening byMiss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft atSherhome on West Second street in honorof Miss Josephine Marshall, of Charlottesville, Va. The color scheme ofthe party was pink, and was beautifully carried out in the profusion ofpink Killarney roses which decoratedthe rooms and in the pink shaded candles and bon-bons. The place cardswer decorated with cherries and hats,and contained verses -appropriate toWashington's birthday. The flowerholders were cherry tree stumps- andthe favors or souvenirs were candyboxes representing hats, log forts,cherry trees, hatchets, flags, pistolsand George Washington statuettes.Dinner was served in four courses,and the guests, numbering thirty-six,were -served at four tables. Dancingto the music of. a Victrola followed thedinner, and the occasion proved to bea notable addition to the many handsome entertainments given by thegracions hostess,Mr. and Mrs. George Alexanderentertained at their home on Pleasantstreet, the occasion being in honor of!Miss Josephine Marshall, of Char-1lottesville, Va., the guest of Mr. andMrs. Arthur Hancock. The handsome home was beautiful for the occasion, the spacious hall, parlor and library being thrown together and therooms were tastefully decorated withpink carnations, palms and ferns, andthe color scheme, reG and green, wasbeautifully carried out in every detail.The guests were served in the beautifully appointed dinsig room and den,which were also decorated in red andgreen. A saxaphone trio from Lexington furnished the. music for the 'occasion.The following guests were present:Miss Marshall, of Virginia; Mr. andMrs. Will Stoll, of Lexington; Mr. andMrs. Arthur Hancock, JMrs. LauraWiggins, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Prichard, Mr. and Mrs. Withers Davis, Mr.and Mrs. Wade H. Whitley, Mr. W. R.Blakemore, Mr. and .Mrs. James H.Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Kenney, Misses Carolyn Roseberry, BessRoseberry, Bests' Holladay, RachelWiggins, Messrs. Ford Brent, John, F.Davis, George W. Clay, Ireland Davis,Charlton Clay,. John' Wiggins, Chas.Fithian and William Taylor, x.Miss- Battie "McTntyr, oCLexin-Miss Martha Ferguson is spending the week with Mrs. Jos. M. Hall,at her home on Duncan Avenue.Mr. W. W. Judyjias been confined to his home for several dayssuffering with a severe attack of tonsilitis. Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Hall will entertain with a dancing party at theirhome on Duncan avenue, Tuesdayevening.. Quite a number of Parisians attended the Julia, Sanderson performance at the Lexington Opera Houselast night.Mr. Woodford C. Daniel on Wednesday rented the "'McMillan place inEast Paris and will move from "NewForest" to the place the first ofMarch.Mr. Henry S. Caywood, one of themost prominent farmers and stockdealers of Bourbon county, who fellonthe ice at his home near North Middletown, Sunday, breaking his leg, isresting as comfortably as could be expected. Mrs. George W. Stewart is giving"a series of entertainments at herhome on Mt. Airy Avenue this week.Yesterday she entertained with aluncheon whist and to-day wilL entertain at six-hand eucre. On SaturdayMrs. Stewart will give an afternoontea.Miss Lucile Price, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. I. L. r'rice, who hasbeen spending the waiter in Chicago,returned home Tuesday for a shortstay with her parents, and will return next Thursday for Chicago, leaving there Saturday for New York,from which place she will sail onMarch 4 with a party of friends fora visit to London, Paris, Berlin andother points of interest on the continent, iHarry Stivers, formerly of Paris,who recently withstood an operationfor appendicitis at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, is able tosit up and it is expected that he willbe able to leave the hospital earlynextweek. Mr. Stivers is a graduateof State University, and is with theUnited States Civil Engineers corps,which is making improvements alongthe Mississippi river. He is a son ofMr. and Mrs. Sherman Stvers, of Lexington. There is nd improvement in thecondition of Master Harry B. Clay,Jr., the seven-year-old son of Mr. andMrs. J. Frank Clay, on Duncan Avenue. Lctcal physicians arepuzzled overthe nature of the illness and Dr. Freeland, of Cincinnati, was called in consultation Tuesday. He had been confined for several days and wasbrought to town lasi Sunday that hemight receive close medical attention.Mrs. Clay and daughter, 'Miss Fran-(cis Clay, who were at Martinsville,Ind., for a short stay, were calledhome by his illness.The Progressive Culture Clubmet Wednesday, when the followinginteresting program was carried out:Sketch of Gen. Lew Wallace -Mrs.George Stuart.The Story of Ben Hur Miss ClaraBacon.Reading "The Chariot Race"Mrs. Carley Wilmoth.-The Literature of the South Mrs.J. T. Sharrar'd.At the Paris Literary Club, the firstprogram on Sweden was presented, asfollows:Stockholm Miss Wigghls.Gustavus Vasa, Fatner xf His Country Mrs. White Varden.Skansen Mrs. C. Alexander.Swedish Castles and Estates MissHutchcraft.Fire, wind and lightning insurance Thomas & Woodford.Mrs. J. fl. Fuhrman'sMassage andCucumber GrearnOn Safe atVarden's Drue Storeit"AWte goods in all, the newest and prettiestweaves.Tmbroidered crepes and voiles for the daintyblouses.ress goods, the high novelties as well as thestaples.BIRTHSBorn, Tuesday, Feb. 17, to the wifeof Mr. Ray Taylor, nee Ferguson, adaughter.For Rent.Unfurnished room, with bath for rent.Between Ninth and Tenth streets, onHigh. Cumberland phone 598. 17-3t(17-3t)MJLE SALE. . x.11 ....Monday, Court DayFebruary 23,. . tk. I .Hamilton Stock YardsWinchester, Ky.,'-as 10 a. m. , the "following:15 pairs of two-year-old mules, mostlymares. This is a good lot of mules,good size, in good condition and readyfor work.We will also sell at same time andplace 3 teams of extra good 3-year-oldMules. v3 Teams of 5 and 6-year-old Mules.1 gentle Driving Mare, 6-years-old, Infoal to jack.1 Three-y ear-old Registered Stallion.' 1 Pair of 3 'year-old Draft Mares.,H. V. Thompson,I. Dijhompson.T "Tie sled that steer"Trimmings, everything that's new we alwayshave it. -Unrinkable dress linens; think of it! A newfefltnrfi in Tinpnc - ." W AAA AAAAWAAWW rrepes and crepe de chines, the leading materials Ji T 1UI me coming season.2 Timona satine entirely new; looksX3L likp silt3ITGpmbroideries; large stock ready for your- ' Spring and Summer needs.Ratines in solid colors, brocades andplaids.VW Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store! "Sledding timeis hereThe healthy winter sportof sledding gives vim, vigorand rich red blood to boy or girl.Buf to fully enjoy the fun ofwhizzing over the snow and thethrill of coasting you must have a' !TfexfmeThe only sled with croote runners fWe have a complete line oi new 1913models. Before jou buy a sled let usshow you the many superior advantages of the Flexible Flyer.Look forthi;TRADEMARKDaughertyBros.prsrI 8wBmmmFs,wnssmm,smw ivibih ea (BKaBsv ibWe Keepilia (unlU IT fttuw yuauij up.Wc scH whaE is good, and ask you tobuy our shoes because they are good.It isn't price that sells our shoes, forshoes can be made fp sell at any price.It's Goodness, Merit. Worth andValue That Sell Them-The sameappiies to our Children's Shoes.Children are hard on shoes, but most ofthe trouble lies in poor shoes and poorshoe making. Our ishoes are good, andare made by the best of shoe makers.Give us a call and be convinced.Geo.McWifliams,rt Phones 301 The Shoe Man Ii !! 111 m j mwm ITHE J. T. miNTON CO.vHave You Been to the Bed Rock Cash Sale?WE WSNT HLL, PAR OR NEAR, TO REAP THE' BENEPIT OP-THIS . " 'BIG SLAUGHTER OF PRICES!Everything goes in this sle, and that means that you can pick from the most complete line of vHOUSE FURNISHINGSin Central Kentucky. We want you to come. WE WANT YOU TO SEE FOR YOURSELF JUST WHAT WE ARE OFFERTNG YOU. We have not selected a few catchyarticles and marked them very low as .a catchpenny trap, hut EVERYTHING goes in this sale.At the exceedingly and astonishingly low prices we have marked our stock we cannot affordto charge these goods, so please do not ask to have it done. BUT we will, Upon, payment foranything you may select, hold same until you wish delivery made.We Peel Sure You Have Never Had the Same Opportunity to BuyHousefumishings at Such Unusually Low Prices. ,The way the goods are already being bought proves that the prices are rig"husooner you come the better you will be served, although new goods are arriving dailyWe Want to Make This an Eventful Event!Thefibre: mattingsBed Rocked from 45 cents to.25c6 OAK PINING -CHAIRSBed Rocked from $18.00 to. $12.73ROCKING CHAIRS 'Bed Rocked from $5.75 to $3.98SEAMLESS 9X12 BRUSSELS RUGS Bed Rocked to$1f .90WHITE CURTAIN GOODSBed Rocked from 55c te 30c per yclIRON BEDS " ' 'Full size, Bed Rocked-as low as..$f .4 &BRASS BEDSBed Rocked from $22.50 to-...$1S.90tSEAMLESS 9X12 CHENILLEAXMINSTER RUGSBed Rocked from $35.00 to S23.Tf tT$. E. Xoomis, Aucicueer.CTHE J, T. HINT0N COMPANYParis, Kentucky - ;r-"iIJhaAo itl Bt Omm Letcue.,f;-Ajs1trpJ5t$fiVT-. V r'-.THE BOURBON NEWS PARI IKY FEBRUARY 20, 1941. (i i" -IIfiHMiiiniA friIVhw ''.- r111 JPJ iJ UJ PTfMIL 1 3 BLinilii i rj i ii -gj vmii and m m1 ; i -1On Mm)w9n .odihes and heals a roucnSiArim'UriA u'Tiii-fM9fi-H riuicklvenect.'v cure. Ecreraa, krysipelas, Tetter, Ulcers andJU4iMUUJU!SCt5C! yiUlU iu a ,. f w.. w.SQcxbox. At su umggtsis.gen4 fecrre sampto and book "Health and Beeaty."JOHNSTON, KOUOWAT ?" .1TJW Serine Garden St., -PIiHa., Pa.'BUCK FREEMANFirst-, CI ass Barber Shop., Three Expert Artists; NoWaits.Hot and ColdBaths.Main t. Opp. Court "HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.A dispatch from Lancaster says:"Messrs Hichard Scudder Matt 'Cohen, and James L. Gay have -soid'theirsaddle two-year-old, Imperator et Rex,"bought by them last year when but ayearling from Mrs. K. T. Lowndes,Jr., for $1,500, to an Eastern buyer for$3,000."Total receipts oi , live stock onthe Chicago market ending Feb. 7, inround numbers, were 41,500 cattle,170,300 hogs, and 88,900 sheep. Totalreceipts of live-stock on the Chicagomarket compared with the previousweek, in round numbers, decreased32,200 hogs, decreased 7,700 cattle andincreased 18,200 sheep. Comparedwith the corresponding period of ayear ago cattle decreased 2,400, hogsincreased 20,800, and sheep decreased4,300.r M1f-rCK9 jHEAyYDAMiai8, - i r . r.. ' . .icauM SKe Was Induced, to Lye' Her Husband. 'iK TelephoneiiEyery Farmerfori"Smoothes and Soothes1Says GRANNY METCALFE.Child or Brown-up there la jus oneway or handlinjj colds, croups, coucasnndcll thoss hacking throat troublesthat's to Sootho and -Smootho with.Dr. Bell'sPINE-TAR-HONEYLet ft cold bo and it Roes. It goesall over everybody in the family getsit. Sootho and Smooths and it doesn'tscatter. .Every Benulne bottle of DR. BELL'SPINE -TAR -HONEY has a BeU on it,and a picture ol "Granny," too.At All Drug Stores, 25c, 60c, X 1.00"Tell By The Bell"For Sale by All Druggists.Do yOU want one?We will tell you how to get it at small cosFill out and return this coupon today.CUMBERLAND TEL. & TEL. CO. xINCORPORATED.Please send me your free booklet describing your plan for farmers'telephone service at small cost.Name mmm' R. F. D. No....! :VTown and StateGIVE NATURE A CHANCE.I Clearance Sale 1mmNow Going On IAddressFARMERS' LINE DEPARTME&TCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyINCORPORATED.122 SOUTH PRYOR STREET, ATLANTA, GEORGIA.94M2Health Officer Lands said in an. interview the other day:"Prolonged exposure to an overheated, polluted atmosphere is themain cause of pneumonia."That there is more illness in thisclimate in Winter than in Summer isnot because cold air is less wholesomethan warm. It is because, in tryingto escape from the cold, we overheatour homes, offices and places of public meeting, and are too successful inkeeping out the fresh air. No' otherhighly civilized nation keeps itsdwellings as hot in winter as, we doand it is probably on this accountthat no other people are quite as subject to colds, sore throats and similar illness as we.It will be a happy day for theUnited States when the averageAmerican gets it into his head thatwhile fresh air does not hurt anybody a polluted atmosphere has killed more people than the high-poweredrifle.I&llegat'ions that 'William H. Barnard"induced her to leave- her husband,William W. Wood, ,o Philadelphia, bypromise to secure a divorce and marryher, 'if, her husband. divorced her, andby promise to pay,her $20,000 in cashand $100 a week for the rest of herlife, are mad by" Mrs. Gertrude A.Wood,- of Philadelphia, jn a suit for$25,000 damages which she filed injtfetf York a few days ago againstBarnard.Mrs. Wood alleges that her husbandobtained a. divorce cecree but thatBarnard failed to fulfill his allegedagreement.Mrs. Wood swears that she repulsed Barnard's alleged advances at first,and told him to never again enter iterhome, Taut that he renewed his attention and told her that her husbandwas too friendly with other women,although Mrs. Wood avers, he kne.wthis to be false. She says Barnardinduced her to leave her husband andcome to New York.Wood then began a suit for divorce.Mrs. Wood says she told Barnard thatshe intended to testify that she wasblameless in so far as her forced relations with him, were concerned. Sheasserts that Barnard told her hecould not testify in her behalf, as hiswife and daughter were with him.Then, Mrs. Wood avers, Barnardmade her the financial offer and, believing her unsupported defense wouldbe useless, she did not defend the divorce suit, and Wood won the decree.AFTER V JWSICKNESS , O"Oh, we didn't know that! Be rightdown!" VitaKe Pararelli sleepily toldabout half the people in the Oaklandsection, near Pittsbur, Pa., when theywaked him to tell him that his homehad been partially wrecked by a BlackHand bomb.It is a pathetic mistaketo accept drugs or alcoholic mixtures when naturecraves nourishment to repairthe wasted body and restorethe vigor of health.For forty years the best physicians have relied onthewholesome predigested nourishmentin Scott's Emulsion whichis totallyfree from alcohol or opiates.Scout's Emulsion sharpensthe appetite renews bloodnourishes nerves strengthensbones andrestores the courageof health to make life bright.1 Scott's Emulsion sets in actionthe Yery forces that promote health;it is pure!, rich strength. 9 13-80When a woman has a red nose shegets a' lot of consolation out. of thefact that has dimples in her elbows.It takes a great man to build an empire or a railroad or n interoceniccanal. But it takes a greater man tokeep the lid on his grouch when he; gets up in the morning with a sea; lion in his mouth and finds that hisJ wife is trying to crofd an entire Chau. tauqua lecture course into the one1 one hour before he ha sa chance tobeat it.BigBig 'Cut on AllWinter Goods-?';ywCTwinBrosDepi stoie,Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky,Worn Oiif ?No doubt you are, ifyou suffer from any of thenumerous ailments towhich an women are subject. Headache, backache, sideache, nervousness, weak, tired feeling,are some of the symptoms, and you must ridyourself of them in orderto feel well. Thousandsof women, who havebeen benefited by thisremedy, urge you toTAKEi Cardui IThe Woman's TonicMrs. Sylvania Woods,of Clifton Mills, Ky., says:"Before takingC ar d u i ,I was, at times, so weak Icould hardly walk, andthe pain in my back andhead nearly killed me.After taking three bottlesof Cardui, the pains disappeared. Now I feel, aswell as I ever did. Everysuffering woman shouldtry Cardui." Getabottletoday. E-68DON'T YOU BELIEVE ITSome say that chronic constipationcannot be cured. Do" 'you believe it.Chamberlain's Tablets have curedothers why not you? Give them atrial. They cost only a quarter. Forsale by all dealers.(Feb) (adv)The reason why a woman considersit vulgar to wear diamonds is becauseshe hasn't any to wear.As a general thing, a married manis a person who wcwid intrust all hisconscience to his wife sooner thanhe would risk her with a tenth of hismoney.CALENDARSi FOR 1915.We have made arrangements withthe Hayes Lithographing Co., of Buffalo, N. Y., to act as their agents inBourbon County. We have now readyfor idisplay one of the handsomestlines of Calendars for 1915 that youever saw. We can save you at least20 per cent on your orders. Don'tgive them to a traveling agent comein or phone us and let us show youour line. The Hayes Co. is one ofthe largest in the world and theirwork is exquisite. Let us have yourorder and save you some money andat the same time make a little piecefor ourselves,(tf) BOTJRBON NEWS.' QafeKir relieTM Htoaaausra. Bora M.m-1eta, Neuralgia, Backaebe. Headache aMall valBB. Your. money back if H I tM to r?-Hava bv ka In- aur ttart rt tba fcnrfy I.mteen minutes ubw.Xrite&Oe. JLt All JJrufgiMs.Froe Mapte mad draakr awl oa-ioqwt.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY.L 342 East Main St., LMtoflm, ty'For Sale By W. T. Brooks'New Barber ShopWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite Service. rEverything Sanitary. . VChildren's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDINSURANCEAGAINSTFIRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINTON,AGENT.For Old. Strong-, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, seeme.mE&ms&xMmraHrsmVMSVitoMEmFUN FROLIC FESTIVITYNEW ORLEANS and MOBILEFebruary 19-249 1914FARESTickets on Sale February 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22 and 23.Return Limit to reach original starting point not later than March 6,with extension of limit to March 23, 1914, on payment of $1.00.ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.For defaSs call on any Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, or apcly toH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent. 101 E. Main Street, Lexington,Ky.Special Rates S' Excursions.Round trip Winter Tourists to allprincipal winter resorts in Alabama,Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina and Havana,Cuha, on sale daily Oct. 1, 1913, untilApril 30, 1914, with final limit May 31,1914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas and New Mexico, on saledaily Nov. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914,with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberalstopovers allowed on all winter tourist tickets. Also low round tripHomeseekers tickets to points in AlabmaT Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi,on sale first and third Tuesdays ineach month, final limit 25 days fromdate of sale. Stop-overs allowed in! Homeseekers' territory. For furtherinformation call on or addressW. H. HARRIS, AgentT. K. SMITH, T. A. .4JM4aWhen Your Blood is RiYour Whole System is RightghtiIf You Haveany Blood or Skin Diseases DO NOT DELAYUntil it Is too late, but order ,TO-DAY!Qnjy a Day and Night to New Orleans!3 MONDAY,February 23,ARRIVAL OF- REX2 -p. m., andProteus Parade ,At NightWHAT IT WILL COST TO SEEMardi GrasThe Two Big Days, Feb. 23 and 24f:::New Orleans$19.80Mobile$18.00Pensacola$20.30TUESDAY,February 24PARADE) OTREX.,'10 a. m., andComus ParadeAt Night 4Round Trip From Parisi - :.- Tickets on Sale Daily February 1 7 to 23 Inclusive.; - Sleeping Car Fare $4 to $4.50 Each Way : 'r - Extension Limit on Tickets to March 23The Approximate Total Cost For the Round Trip; Bitimate for five days board and lodging at $1.00 per day in best private homes, or $2.00pr day at good hotels, to which add the above railroad and Pullman fares. Apply to-L. &tN. Aent for printed list of Rooming Houses and Hotels. . 'The Hot Springs RemedyA Complete and Positive Remedy For ,t SYPHILIS, ECZEMA, ERYSIPELAS,I:ACNE, MALARIA, RHEUMATISMand all other forms of Blood and Skin Diseases.Hot Springs Physicians pronounce this the Greatest Blood and Skin Remedy ever; placed-"' on the Market.Full Course Treatment Six Bottles, $1S.OO., Single Bottle, $5.00.We Prepare a Remedy For Every DiseaseOur Treatment of Female Ills is the "Greatest ot itsKind Ever Offered to Suffering Women.Write us your troubles. All correspondence strictly confidential.HotMedicalompanyiSprings8031-2 Central Ayenue, Ho Springs, Ark.iiVLjjtvtLwbIjNMfoMMM?Q.MMMMmMMMMWm' ' .... .. ., w v444"44444i4aF;.-.-yr5"';&r -".-: .:ug.v . . """;11 HE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEBRUARY 20 1914LamenessSloan's Liniment is a quickand reliable remedy for lameness in horses and other farmanimals."Sloan's Liniment surpasses anything on earth, for lameness in horsesand other horse ailments. I "wouldnot sleep "without it in my stable."Mabtet Doyle,432 West 19th St., New York City.Good for Swelling and Abscess.Mb. H. M. Gibbs, of Lawrence, Kan.,B.F.D.,lfo.3,writes: "I had a marewith an abscess on her neck and one50c. bottle of Sloan's Liniment entirelycured her. I keep it all the time forgalls and small swellings and for everything about the stock. .SLOANSLINIMENTis a quick and safe remedyfor hog cholera.Gorernor of Georgia usesSloan's Liniment for Hog Cholera." I heard Got. Brown (who is quite afarmer) say that he had never loBt ahog from cholera and that his remedyalways was a tablesDOOnf ul of Sloan'sLiniment in a gallon of slops, decreasing the dose as the animal improved.Last month Gov. Brown and myselfwere at the Agricultural Collegebuilding and in the discussion of theravages of the disease, Gov. Browngave the remedy named as unfailing."" Obbebtee."Savaxnah Daily News.At All Dealers. 25c, 50c & S1.00.Sloan's Book on Horses, Cattle,Hogs and Poultry cent free.Address Dr. Earl S. Sloan, Boston.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. Pinkhamiledicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large doz, or by mail.The Paston Toilet Co., Eoston, Mass.V2fu?3iX,K-raMthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome tnaurlert steady light. Insurothis by getting the oil that burnsclear and ctom without a flickerdown to the Lirt drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refinod to tcrfection.Cot? in more than tne inferiortnnkwaenn oils saves MONEY savesWORIC paves ever..Your denier has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. G. Stoll OH Co.rg Lexington, Ky.jj Refinery ct Warren, Pa.L.j We sell the celebrated "NoCarb"f$ Auto OiL.f6K3trWjmftfriryrLmM iu.'Hm;t&z&-zy&zsz&i&&i.PLZ, ?&PILES! PILES! PILESVtWILLIAMS INDIAN PILE OINTMEPyill cure Blind, Bleeding and ItchlngPflIt absorbs the tumors, allays Itching; si on-acts as a. poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 81WLLUM6 MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, 01tet Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.Curtis&OverbyBusiness "Men's Barber Shopg (Next to Bourbon Bank)3.- CHAIRS -.- Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths atHoursNo Long Watts.A Share of tne PubtfcPal.JfWMse Solicited.SEE IF THE CHILD'S ,TONGUE IS COATEDIfCross, Feverish, -Constipated, Give"California Syrup of Figs."Look at the tongue, mother! Ifcoated, it is a sure sign that your little one's stomach, liver and bowelsneed a gentle, thorough cleansing atonce.When peevish, cross, listless, pale,doesn't sleep, doesn't act or eat naturally, or is feverish, stomach sour,breath bad; has stomach-ache, sorethroat, diarrhoea, full of cold, give ateaspoonful of "California Syrup ofFigs," and in a few hours all the foul,constipated waste, undigested foodand sour bile gently moves out of itslittle bowels without griping, and youhave a well, playful child again.You needn't coax sick children totake this harmless ."fruit laxative,"they love its delicious taste, and italways makes them feel splendid.Ask your druggist for a 50-cent bottle of "California Syrup of Figs,"which has directions for babies, children of all ages anc for grown-upsplainly on the bottle. -Beware of -thecounterfeits sold here. To be sureyou get the genuine, ask to see thatit is made by the "California Fig Syrup Company." Refuse any other kindwith contempt. (adv)When a man is afraid to think forhimself it's time the wedding bellswere ringing.You can't blame most of the suffragist leaders for wanting to vote. Theymay be females, but they can beatany male of voting a.ge when it comesto a mustache.CLEANSES YOUR HAIR;MAKES IT BEAUTIFULIt becomesand allThick,- Wavy, Lustrous,Dandruff DisappearsSurely try a "Danderine HairCleanse" if you wish to immediatelydouble the beauty of your hair. Justmoisten a cloth with Danderine anddraw it carefully through your hair,aking one small strand at a time;this will cleanse the hair of dust, dirtor any excessive oil in a few minutesyou will be amazed. Your hair willbe wavy, fluffy and abundant and possess an incomparable softness, lustreand luxuriance.Besides beautifying the hair, oneapplication of Danderine dissolvesevery particle of dandruff; invigoratesthe scalp, stopping itching and fallinghair.Danderine is to the hair what freshshowers of rain and sunshine are tovegetation. It goes right to the rootsinvigorates and strengthens them. Itsexhilarating, stimulating and life-producingproperties cause the hair togrow long, strong and beautiful.You can surely have pretty, soft,lustrous hair, and lots of it, if you willjust get a 25 cent bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine from any drug store or toilet counter and try as directed.(adv)Administrator's Sale.As administrator of the estace of thelate C. R. James I will offer at public!sale at the court house door in Paris,Ky., about the hour of 11 o'clock, a.m., onSATURDAY, FBERUARY 28, 1914the following:100 shares Central Kentucky Oil Co.stock;1 share Bourbon County Agricultural Society stock;1 share Cincinnati Grun Club stock;$765.98Mn old accounts;926.45 in old notes; iTERMS Cash.' C. K. THOMAS,(13-20-27) Adm'r. C. R. JamesM. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.tG::asX Plumbing and Elecri-cal Work in All Jtlheir Branches - ZtIixt!Stoves, Rangesand Appliances.I Spicer &! Gilchrist,Elks' BuildimC.E. Phone, 103Home Phone, 101t64440mimjLUmfJuwTMONEHOPf B0URI0N POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops in thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One-50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Dlseaseiiof Fowls" sent FREE.Fitting !News Overthe State 44Aged Negro IncineratedNicholasville Martha West, a negro woman, aged 89, who was partially paralyzed, was burned to deathather home. She lived with her son,George West. There was no one elseat home when the fire broke out.To Sell BondsCarlisle The city of Carlisle willsell $30,000 worth of bonds for thebuilding of a waterworks system here.The bonds will be sold here on Mar.2, at 2 o'clock p. m.Woman Fatally BurnedCarrollton Mrs. Minnie E. Tingle,aged 32, wasfatally Durned when herclothing became ignited from an explosion of gasoline in her home. Shelived about four hours. How the accident happened no one knows. Mrs.Tingle, who was a widow, was aloneat the time. She is survived by hermother.Returns After Long AbsenceCarlisle Unable to locate their sonGeorge Deatley, for several months,Mr. and Mrs. Lee Deatley, of this city,were greatly surprised when he returned home. He had been in and aroundSpokane, Wash., for some time, butrecently they attempted to locate himthere and failed. Young Deatley sayshis apparent disappearance was theresult of a serious accident whichovertook him; that he was thrownfrom a horse and his body so badlymangled that the surgeons thoughthe would die, and that he remainedin the hospital under another namefor about four months, finally recovering. Nicholas Man May Be HeirCarlisle George F. Broderick, ofNicholas county, states that he hasjust received a letter from a NewYork detective, inquiring about hisbrother, who left here some thirtyyears ago, and has never since beenheard from, and stating that if a manwho died some time ago in Hartford,Conn., leaving a vast estate, and noknown heirs there, can be shown tobe his brother, he can be put in possession of the estate. Ever since thedeath of the man in Hartford, Conn.,who it is thought lived under an assumed name, became known to Mr.Broderick, he has believed from thedescription given of him, that he washis long lost brother, and he has beentaking steps to prove his relationship.Has 350 DescendantsManchester Sallie Marcum, a widow, living on the Red Bird River, inClay county, Kentucky, about twentymiles from Manchester, has the largest number of descendants of any person known in this country. Mrs.Marcum is eighty-seven years old andin very good health, considering herage. Her husband, Hiram Marcum,has been dead some time and at onetime owned thousands of acres of theKentucky virgin forest land, uponwhich most of the Marcum heirs liveat the present time in' this country.Mrs. Marcum has ten living childrenand four dead; ninety-three grandchildren living and nineteen dead; 238great-grandchildren living and sevendead; nine great-great-grandchildrenliving and two dead. This makes atotal of 382 descendants, 350 of whomare living, most all of ' them in Claycounty, Kentucky.Declares for Eugenic MarriagesLexington The Rev. Robert K.Massie, dean of Christ Church Cathedral, announced to his congregationafter the services Sunday morningthat Easter Sunday of this year hewould refuse to solemnize any marri2.2e in which the prospective bridegroom did not furnish a certificate-from the young woman's family physician, or some other reputable physician, testifying as to his freedomfrom any communicable disease.When asked concerning the matterDean Massie said that the general lawof his church leaves it in the discretion of a minister to decline to solemnize any marriage.GIVE THAT PUNY CHILDTHIS GUARANTEED REMEDYIf your child is under-weight, listlesailing, liable to get sick easily itneeds a medicine to build its weightand strength. Por this purpose thereis nothing else that we know of thatwe can reccommend so strongly endorse as Rexall Olive Oil Emulsion.The remarkable success of this splendid medicine is due to the factthat itcontains ingredients that tone thenerves, enrich the blood and furnishto the entire system the strength,weight and health-building substancesit needs. And, it does all this without injuring the stomach. In fact,Rexall Olive Oil Emulsion is not onlypleasant to take, but even the mostsensitive stomach is benefited by it,and the digestion improved. On theother hand, it contains no alcohol orhabit-forming drugs, which most parents object to giving their children.It does its good work by taking holdof the weakness and builds the bodyup to its natural strength, at the sametime making it strong to resist disease. If Rexall Olive Oil Emulsion doesn'tbuild your child up, feed the stunted,puny, muscles, and make the littleone lively, strong, well, and full ofthe animal spirits children are meantby nature to .have, come back and tellus and get your money back. Wedon't want you to lose a cent. Wethink this is no more than fair, and itleaves you no cause to hesitate.1 Forold people, also for convalescentsfor all .who are nervous, tired-out, rundown, no matter what the cause weoffer Rexall Olive Oil Emtilsion withthe same guarantee of entire satisfaction or money back. Sold only at the7,000 Rexall Stores, and 'in this townonly "by us41.00. G. S. Varden &'WOMAN WOULDNOT GIVE UPThough Sickand Suffering; AtLast Found Help in LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable CompoundRichmond, Pa. " When I startedtaking Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound I was in adreadfully rundownstate of health,had internal troubles, and was so extremely nervous andprostrated that'if IHI! had given in to myijii feelings I wouldhave been in bed.As it was I hadhardly strength attimes to be on myfeet and what I did do was by a greateffort. I could not sleep at night andof course felt very bad in the morning,and had a steady headache."After taking the second bottle I noticed that the headache was not so bad,I rested better, and my nerves werestronger. I continued its use until itmade a new woman of me, and now Ican hardly realize that I am able to dpso much as I do. Whenever I know anywoman in need of a good medicine Ihighly praise Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound." Mrs. FrankClark, 3146 N. Tulip St,, Richmond,Pa."Women Have Been Telling "Womenfor forty years how Lydia EiPinkham'sVegetable Compound has restored theirhealth when suffering with female ills.This accounts for the enormous demandfor it from coast to coasty.If you aretroubled with any ailment peculiar towomen why don't you try Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound? Itwill pay you to do so. Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass.MINISTER ENDORSES CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDYRev. James A. Lewis, Milaca, Minn,writes: "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has been a welcome and neededguest in our home for a number ofyears. I highly reccommend it to myfellows as being a medicine worthyof trial in cases of colds, coughs, andRemedy a trial and we are confidentcroup." Giv e Chamberlain's Coughyou will find it very effectual and continue to use it as occasion requiresfor years to come, as many othershave done. For sale by all dealers.(Feb.) (adv)OUR DAILV SPECIAL.The only time you ever get something for nothing is when you arehunting trouble.THE BEST COUGH MEDICINE"I've used Chamberlain's CoughRemedy ever since I have been keeping house," says L. C. Hames, of Marbury, Ala. "I consider it one of thebest remedies I have ever used. Mychildren have all taken it and itworks like a charm. For colds andwhooping cough it is excellent." Forsale by all dealers.(Feb) adv)TWO OPEN QUESTIONS."What in the dingedy-dank, blang-edy-pankbecameof that corkscrew?"Where in thes uffering Sam Hilldid you put that beer opener?"SICK, SOUR STOMACH,INDIGESTION OR GAS'Pape'c. Diapeps'n" Makes Upset..Stomachs Feel Vxz In FiveMinutesWonder what upset your stomachwhat portion of the food did the damage do you? Well, don't bother. Ifyour stomach is in a revolt; if sour,gassy and upset, and what you justate has fermented into stubbornlumps; head dizzy and aches; belchgases and acids anc eructate undigested food; breath foul, tongue coated just take a little Pape's Diapepsin, and in five minutes you will wonder what became oi tne indigestionaijd distress.Millions of men and wonen todayknow that it is needless to have a badstomach. A little Diapepsin -occasionallykeeps this delicate organ regulated and they eat their favoritefoods without fear.If your stomach doesn't take careof your liberal limit without rebellion; if your food 13 a - damage instead of a help, remember the quickest, surest, most harmless relief isPape's Diapepsin, wnich costs onlyfifty cents for a large case at drugstores. It's truly wonderful it digests food and sets things straight,so gently and easily that it is reallyastonishing. Please, for your sake,don't go on and on with a weak, disordered stomach; it's so unnecessary(adv).All persons knowing themselves indebted to me are requested to 'call atmy office at the "Middle Stable," onMam street, and settle at once.If those owing me accounts do nosettle their accounts at once, sairwill be placed with my attorney timmediate collection.Those who have accounts againime are requested to present same fv-payment at once. , , '"., -j 3D.W., PEED, ..(13t2t)- . ' ; -i 4 ' ,. - Paris, Ky.V" .Tw & JHjjjjj:I k w allK Hr PP W W V'TO WINTER PORGHHSEBSEIf you are looking for a goodSuit or Overcoatat reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, here is the placer- r .to get one.We made a lucty purchase of Men's Suits and Orercoats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we arWoffering them as a special inducement for&12We also have a full line of Schloss Bro.' guaranteedtaifcrcd Suits for $15 to $25. Emerson Shoes at $4?nd $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise can be had at a price thatrwill please your pocket-book.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. Wollstein, Proprietor.at Pans OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory . -Men's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked,to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.osseinsKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a mLeave Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m7:29 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m :1:20 p m2:50 q. m '13:30 p.m4:20 p m IK 5:00 p m .'6:00 p m ?720 p m9:10 p mHrOO p mDaily except Sunday.10:05 p m-k rAmv wXT'irMWKY g)&r-j-Tior .r -sz--'wflVMWetellvonhow. andttivbestmarketprices. We are dealers; establishedin 1850: andean do BETTER for youthan agents or commission merchants. References any bank in Iraisville. "Write for weekly price lisLM. SABEL & SONS227-29-31 &'33 E Market SL LOUISYILLE, KY.Dealers In FURS, hiu&s, wuul.FOR SALE.- Three registered Percheron stallions; also twenty head of youngmares and geldings.STIRLING P. HINKSON,(27-6t) Lair, Ky.per FM.LDfficent. $oo to;im owW.'KING & SON,,.-35 Chttc3cfXI.xirHrtori, t Ky'L. 9 1. v JKr' 8, I.".--;-m.-Cleaning Co. i1 For sainayI Country Club Cakes,Chocolate,Maraschino,VantttaCaramel.For Saturday. ,Baldwin8 Bros.,S Paris, KentuckyProfessional CardsDr. Wm. KenneyPARIS, KENTUCKY. ""Office 514 Main Street..Office Phones fe 136.Residence jE. T. 384.Home 334.DR. A. KELlLER,PRACTICING PHYSQL4JI, -'-'Offices, Rooms 4 and 5,. Elk' BWParis - "- Kaaimrig.hiJ. WELIAAMS,ATTORITHT-AT-LAWvBUn ISvlMbuc.98if'C''$AFt SaljhyW. T. BrookCo;, Paris, ICy v , ' t ,.' (dy).ViSvr-y.-.v .mz&f--'-?L- . j 1 i.-H" . vS'fcf X--V".t;.mS TU , Tat. r a-w.tA - . JS C :- ..rv' - v" . ; w i-4-,-:-t-"$-THE BOURBON; NEWS, EARIS, KENTUCKY, FEBRUARY 20, 1914,w V'fc-f-RELIGIOUSSt . Peter's Episcopal Church,Tier. Geo. H. Harris, .Rector: Sundaychbol aad Bible class 9:30 a. m.;serrice and sermon 10:45 a. m. Youre cordially invited to attend the serYices of this church.PAUL J. RAINEYS GREATAFRICAN HUNT PICTURESi MARKET HOUSE !w 52f-fa zrrl ILfNO CREDIT,NO DELIVERY,NO PHONES. J-Vogel's Breakfast Bacon, tBy the Piece 23c per lb.5t VOGEL'S LARD31b. bucket .$ .42 Iiu. uucnec SJi 10 lbbucketOn Friday night, Feb. 27, the PaulJ. Rainey Pictures, which are said tobe the most wonderful moving pictures ever made, and which are acknowledged by many to be greaterand more interesting than Lyman J.Howe's pictures, will be shown at theGrand Opera House, in this city, forone night only. These pictures weretaken right in the jungles of Africa byPaul Rainey, chief photographer, andhere you will see the most savage "andferocious of beasts, the lion, the tiger,the leopard, the hyena, and all otherkinds of animals at the water hole.This view is said to be the most hazardous risk ever attempted by themoving picture man in order to takethis particular scene. The fact thatone of the Paul J. Rainey party willlecture with these pictures, explainingeach scene and every detail, willmake it worth wliile for every man,woman and child who can attend thisperformance to view these picturesFriday night. Mr. fcainey's party carry their own machine and curtain, asrwell -as the lecturer, who traveledwith the Rainey party in Africa wliiletaking these pictures. Come earlyand get a good seat, as these pcturesare the most wonderful in the world.One performance, at 8:15.NEWS OF M1LLERSBURG1.40tM. J,--Heller I& Co.GOOD PRICES REALIZEDAT THE FERGUSON SALEThe stock and implement sale ofWilliam C. Ferguson, en the Hume -&Bedford pike, Tuesday, had only afair attendance, owing to the disagreeable weather, bpt bidding wasbrisk and good prices were realized.One pair of horses brought $385;other horses from $45 to S125: onepair of mules, $365; sheep, $5 and $6each; twenty-five small shoats, $4.25each; three larger shoats, $10.25each; one brood sow and seven pigs,$50; milk cows, $45 to $60; chickens,56 cents to $1.10 apiece; about 300barrels of corn, $3.65 to $3.85 per barrel; fodder, 35 cents per shock; baledoats, ?l per ton. Farming imple-iments solo. low.Notice!Notice is hereby given thatW. O. Hinton, E. T. Hinton andAlbert Hinton have taken overas of January 1, 1914, the Housefurnishing and Undertaking business heretofore conducted bythe undersigned -and that thesaid' parties will hereafter conduct and operate said business'under- the name and style of"The J. T. Hinton Company."In surrendering said business,including its assets ancL goodwill, to the aforementioned parties the undersigned gives noticethat he is no longer an ownertherein.J. T. HINTON.INTERURBAN CAR KILLSFOUR CATTLE AND INJURES ONEThe interurban car due in this cityat six o'clock Tuesday evening raninto a bunch of cattle about three andone-half miles from Paris, in front ofthe residence of Mr. S. S. Ardery.Four of the number were killed andone was crippled.The cattle had been sold J.o HughFerguson by Jonas Weil, of Lexington, and were being' driven to the Ferguson farm on the Greenwich pike.One of the animals got under the carand was dragged a considerable distance along the track before the carcould be brought to G. stop. A coloreddriver narrowly escaped death whenhe tried to save the cattle. The carwas only slightly damaged, and wasable to proceed to Paris after a shortdelay.ON SALE IN PARISThe U. S. Cereal Company, of Upper Sandusky, Ohio, has placed Butter-Wheaton the local market.(20-lt)-Mr. 1VL P. Collier has purchased ahandsome five passenger automobile.Mr. Riley Woods, of Lexington;was the guest of his aunt, Mrs. J. C.Fightmaster, this week.Little John Robert Chanslor, theson of Mr. and Mrs."C. C. Ch'amslor, iscritically ill with pneumonia.Mrs. A. H. Miller left Monday forthe home of her mother at Baltimore,Md., after receiving a telegram thatshe had sustained a fall breaking one'leg.The last number of the LyceumCourse will appear at the.M. F. C.cnapei under the supervision of the Y.W. C. A., at the college this eveningat o clock. This number is veryhighly recommended.Mr. J. F. Caldwell suffered a severe attack of indigestion Tuesdayafternoon and evening,, which involved his heart, and for a time hislife was almost despaired of. He isdoing nicely at present.Mr. Tice Hutsell, of Pueblo, Col.,arrived Tuesday as the guest of hisaunt, Mrs. M. B. Martin. Mr. Hutselli left here a number of years ago practically in very poor neaitn. ie isnow hale and hearty and looks the picture of health. His many friendshere are welcoming his return.I am prepared to sell Iresh andsalt meats at reasonable prices. Donot fail to give me a call. My storeis under the direction of Mr. C. L.Mitchell, a man of large experience.Both telephones. Prompt service.MRS. MARGARET MITCHELL.(20-2t)NOTICE I will open a blacksmith shop March 1 in the property ofMr. J. P. Auxier, in Judyville, formerly occupied by Robert Madden, colored. I am prepared to do generalblacksmithing and vood work. Mymotto is to please. I guaranteeprompt service and will certainly bereasonable in ,,my prices. Give meyour patronage once "and you will doso, again.CLARENCE THOMPSON(20-2t). The Ladies' Aid Society of the'Christian church will put the populartwo act drama "That Awful Aunt ofOurs" tat the Opera House, Mondayevening. The work will be done bythe young people of the church, andthe piece is full of humor from startto finish. The cast is strong and thework will be well executed. Thecompany is being rehearsed by Mesdames C. D. Tackett, F. M. Vimontand R. L. Wilson. Admission: Reserved seats, 35 cents; general admission, 25 cents.DEATHSROBERTSON FINEDFORFLORISHING LARGE KINFE.Charles Robertson, a young whiteman, was arrested yesterday afternoon by Detputy Sheriff Marshall atShawhan Nand brought to this city.Robertson was arrested on the complaint of several citizens of thatplace. He had been drinking and isalleged to have been flourishing alarge knife. Before Judge McMillanyesterday afternoon he was assesseda fine of $30 and costs.HORTON.Mrs. John Horton, 85 years old,died Wednesday morning at 10o'clock, at the home of her daughter,Mrs. Lee T. Beali, on Eighth ' street.Death was 'due to the infirmities- ofage, Mrs. Horton having been declining for several months, and criticallyill for the past few weeks, so that herdeath was not unexpected.Mrs. Horton was a devoted memberof the Christian church. She is -survivedby one daughter, Mrs. Beall,with whom vshe made her home, andone son, who lives in Bourbon county.The funeral services were held at theresidence Thursday morning at 9:30o'clock, conducted by Rev. Wf. E.Ellis. Following the services- thpbody was taken to Ruddels Mills forburial.MARTIN. 'Mr. J. T. Martin, of this citv. r-ceived a message Monday morningannouncing the death of his mother,Mrs. Mary B. Martin, which nnmrrprfSunday afternoon at 4 o'clock, atner home in Springneld, Mo.Mrs. Martin was 72 years old, andhad been an invalid nr several venmthough had been considered so muchbetter recently that her ' daughter,Mrs. James Shy, of Pineville, Ky.,who had been with her for ten weeks,returned to her home a few days agoMrs., Martin was a native of Masoncounty, Ky., and was the widow of Mr.John L. Martin, who died about fifteenyears ago. She is survived by ninrchildren Mr. J. T. Martin, of Paris;Mrs. Nannie Baker, of SpringfieldMo.; Mrs. James Shv. of Pinnvnio.Miss Linda Martin, of Anniston, Ala.;Mrs. E. P. Vaught, of Harrodsburg;John Martin, of Terre Haute, Ind.;Cervites Martin, of "Decatur, Ala.;Rev. William Martin, of Fresno, Cali.;and David Martin, of Nevada, Mo.MATRIMONIALBLAKE-WELSH.s. Mrs. Margaret Blake and Mr. E.J. Wjelsh, xf Centerville,v this county,were united in marriage Wednesdaymorning at the residence of the officiating minister, Rev. Father EugeneDeBruyn. xBROWN LOCKNANE.How to Detect theAlum Baking Powder"Z "Which are the alum baking powders ;how can I avoid them unless they are named?'asks a housekeeper.Here is one way: take the can of a lowpriced powder in your hand and read theingredient clause upon the back label Thelaw requires that if the powder contains alumthat fact must be there stated. If you findone of the ingredients named alum, or sulphate of aluminum, you have found an alumbaking pander.There is another and a better way. Youdon't have to know the names of the alumpowders. Use Royal Baking Powder only;that assures you a cream of tartar powder,and the purest and most healthful bakingpowder beyond question.11THE MARKETS.& XA message was received in thiscity last night announced the marriage of Miss Mary E. Brown, of thiscity, to Mr. Oscar Locknane, also ofParis. The marriage was celebrated.yesterday .afternoon in Covington.The couple left Paris yesterday morning for Covington, but the object of.their visit .to that city was not disclosed to even their most intimatefriends.Mr. Locknane, who is engineer onthe Louisville & Nashville railroad, isa son of Mrs. B. R. Locknane, residingon the Peacock pike, near this city.The bride is the daughter of Mrs.Lizzie Brown. Both are popular. After a brief wedding trip they will re-j turn 'to this city, where they will reside.Chicago Grain.CHICAGO, Feb. 13. Wheat pricesstarted a shade to one-quarter lower,and then rallied, but afterward fellagain. Corn opened one-sixteenth toone-quarter down, reacted a little,though not in the lasting manner.Oats eased off with other grain.What support there was came onlyafter a decline. Wheat closed easy,at a shade lower to a like amount up,compared with last night. May closed at 94 1-2 c and July at 89 4. Cqraclosed easy at 94 1-2 andJuly at 89l-2c. Corn closed easy, though unchanged to one-eighth at one-quarterunder last night, at 65 3-4c for Mayand 65 1-8 for July. Oats closedcteady at 39 7-8c for May and 39 5-8for July.NO MORE SUNDAY SHOWSAT THE BEN ALI THEATRECharles H. Berryman, manager ofthe Ben Ali Theatre, in Lexington,has announced that therp will be nomore Sunday vaufcjtville shows inthat theatre. The decision wasreached Tuesday after it became apparent that public. sentiment in thatcity was opposed to theatrical performances on the Sabbath.$8.408.50; pigs, $f.S08.75. Cattlereceipts 5,500; market best, strong;others weak; beeves, $7.009.65;Texas steers, $6.808.00; stockersand feeders, $5.507.85; cows andheifers, $3.608.50; calves, $7.5010.50; Sheep receipts 20,000; market steady; native, $4.75 5.10; yearlings, $5.657.10; lambs, native, $6.757.75.' ' Cincinnati Grain. 'CINCINNATI, Feb. 19. Wheat firm, jvv j.-c(g -z; corn steady 67(g;68c;cats steady, 41 l-242c; rye firm, 6365c."St.' Louis Grain.ST. LOUIS, Feb. 19. Wheat 96c,'corn, 64 l-2c; oats, 40 l-2c.Chicago Live ftock.CHICAGO, Feb . 19 Hog receipts27,000; market slow; bulk of sales,$8.608.75; light, $8.558.80; mixed,$8.508.75; heavy, $8.40S.75; rough,Cincinnati Live Stock.CINCINNATI, Feb. 19 Hog receipts 2,459; market steady; commonto choice; $6.008.60. Cattle" receipts 450; market slow and .weak;steers, $5.758.35; heifers, $5.508.25; cows, $3.25fj6.75; calvessteady; $6.0011.75. Sheep receipts86; market steady; lambs slow andweak, $5.758.Cincinnati Provisions.CINCINNATI, O., Feb. 19. Provisions steady, butter steady, eggseasy, prime firsts 23 1-2; firsts, 21 l-2c22 l-2c; seconds 20 l-2c. Poultrysteady, unchanged.Eli-M-zixijiBairrtmmit n iw iiiiijm imj f. .. ..t- hi ! imii.m ia ' " : : I -YOU WONT 1U . Mtwfc v1 BE AFRAID UBB1 OF THIEVES HHR1 v IF YOUR MONEY llRr' i is in our xililr. 2 -BANKitVPThe unseasonable weather forces us to take heroicmeasures to unload the balance of our stock of WinterShoes, We have marked down our best Shoes to pricesyou simply cannot resist. ?We Must Unload9.f'!O- ' Big shipments of Spring Shoes from the factories where we placed our.- heavy orders are arriving every day in big quantities and crowding us for -room. . ' ' "Be Here This Week Without Fail.- Nokonly fate Winter Shoes, and Rubbers, but Spring Footwear is in. eluded in this sale. ' "N j ' . .,Don't Miss ThisMoney Saved is Money EarnedOpportunityrs'- . BY THE OLD RELIABLE HOUSE ' ' .ID -A- :rsr COHENWHATZ)OY0tfDO WTfTE ,MONEY YOU .-Burglars always SPOT the house where the moneyis hidden. That's the BURGLAR'S BUSINESS. Theyknow all the pet hiding places the book case, under thecarpet, in the sugar bowl, behind pictures or in. the clock.Besides if burglars don't get it," FIRE may. It is QURBUSINESS to keep your money SAFE. '- .Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapita!, $100,000.00.mJ. M. HALL. PresidentSurplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS.CASHiERkWlPublic Sale of Main St. Business PropertyOra Thursday, March 59 1914,at2 O'clock.Desiring to devote all my time to my farm, I have decided to sell mv property on Main. Street, between Second and Third Streets, and opposite the Elks'Building, and on above date will dispose of it to the highest bidder.The property has a frontage of 41 1-2 feet on Main Street and extends backthe same width to Pleasant Street, and will be offered in two tracts, and then asa whole, arid best bid accepted.Tract No. 1 fronts 41 1-2 feet on Main Street, extends backJ20 feet, and contains a two-story brick business 'house, in good repair, new metal roof etcTract No. 2 has a frotage of 41 1-2 feet on Pleasant Street and extends back98 1-2 feet to tract No. 1, and h.as a blacksmith shop and coal yard now rentingfor $25 per month.This property is vell located, very desirable and will readily Tent f or $100 parmonth. This is the only-Main street business propertv'on the market.Terms made known on dayof pale. " "J r. Weatherall.l