'wrB,:HV1 "B9 -- v "?v' ' t.-.PUBLISHED EVFKY TUESDAYFRIDAY IN THE YEABVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1914.I HEBOUKbUMNLIACB H r 9mm VBBI BlAXDSEGREM I1ED.BOURBON COUNTY GROWERSHAVE eANNER TOBACCO CROP.r-IV.rChas. Barnett and Mrs.Carrie Haley Married inNicholasville TwoWeeks Ago.humors rife on the streets of Pariso night to the effect that Mr. Chas.. wnett, Chief of the Fire Department,"d Mrs. Carrie Haley, of Paris, had.. K-n married two weeks ago, were--ified last night when Mr. Barnett,7on being questioned on the subject,aiitted that such was the case.he story, as confirmed by long dis-t ce communication, with Lexington,t ere the bride has been visiting,. ,s to the effect that Mr. Barnett and-?. Haley, accompanied by Miss Lil-j Ballenger, daughter of "Sweet--irt" Ballenger, ex-Jailer of Fayette- nty, where Mrs. Haley had been-itmg, went to Nicholasville aboutf? j weeksa go, where they were mar-rtJ. They secured license in Lexing-Ur. Ballenger was called up overKog distance phone, and confirmedt."j8 report, saying his daughter, MissLilian, accompanied Mr. Barnett andirs. Haley, and was a witness to thee-'eniony. .Later 3irs. Harnett was imailed over the phone, at the residencecf Mr. Ballenger, and verified theThis is the second matrimonial venire for the groom, who was recentlycrated a divorce from his wife, Mrs.Nr'lie Redmon Barnett. The bride isa daughter of the late Mr. Geo. G."n.ite, and this makes her third entryirlo the matrimonial state.irs. BarnetTis at present the guestc: the Ballenger family in Lexingtonv oere she has been visiting since ther-: rriage.RIS MAN BUYS WELLKNOWN LEXINGTON CAFE.iLr. Wyatt A. Thompson, of Paris,3 6xerday purchased the Mecca Cafe,on North Broaway, in Lexington, atpiolic auction, for $3,500.li is reported that Mr.- Thompsonwas acting as agent for Mr. Ed Slattery, of Paris, who eonducts the wellknown Slattery Cafe, in this city..Mr. Thompson took chargs, o theMecca shortly after the sale, but declined to state whether he would conduct it himself or. was acting as agentfor another person.SAN'TA CLAUS' HEADQUARTERS.s usual our store will be Santai us' headquarters this year thej-e as in years past, only on a larger-'e. Great bargains in toys, games,cfvdies, nuts, fruits, etc. Suitable:.fs for the little ones, such as velocity des. Irish Mails, roller and ice- -ates, wagons, drums, guns, fire-''ks, fancy baskets, magic lanterns,v fact, everything that is calculated7 please the children. Bring thei md we will save you money onr holidav nurchases. Ix) LATIN & CONNELL.BANKRUPTCY REFEREE BEGINSHEARING OF HUTCHCRAFT CASEThe hearing of the matter of the Security Trust Co., the Second National Bank and Mrs. Belle Wiel, ofLexington, against Mr. R. B. Hutchc.nt' of Parisi in which they file petitions seeking to throw him into involuntary bankruptcy, was begun beforeJudge A. M. Cox, of Cynthiana, Referee in Bankruptcy for the EasternDistrict of Kentucky, in this city, Monday. The purpose of the hearing is to determine whether at the time of thecommission of the acts in bankruptcycomplained of, Mr. Hutchcraft was engaged chiefly in the occupation of afarmer. The laAv holds that a personwho is engaged chiefly in farming cannot be thrown into bankruptcy, andthis hearing is for the purpose of deciding whether he is engaged chieflyin farming.The Trust Company and the SecondNational Bank each hold Mr. Hutchcraft's notes for $10,000 and Mrs. Weilhas a note for $4,000. Cashier GeorgeS. Weeks, of the Second NationalBank; H. O. James, Jr., Louisville &Nashville agent at Muir; G. R. Burberry, agent at Centerville; E. L.Ralls, of Shawhan, and W. H. Harris,Louisville & Nashville agent at Paris,were called as witnesses, the purposebeing to show the amount and character of the shipments made by Mr.Hutchcraft. The referee, after somediscussion by attorneys, decided thatthey could go back for Ave years toshow their shipments, as this proofwould tend to establish the characterIt has fallen to the lot of JohnWoodford and Wm. Honaker, of Bourbon county, to' have the banner tobacco crop of the season sold at the'Lexington Tobacco Warehouse in a re- Jcent sale. Their offering was the big- jgest single crop lot put on the Lex-;ington market this year, and the beetto show quality, color and texture. Itwas in nice dry order, well-handled, ,and practically free from houseburn. iThere were forty-seven baskets in theoffering, which aggregated, lo,6o5pounds. The range of prices was from$9.00 for the lowest to $17.75 for thehighest, or an average of $12.47.Mr. Woodtord stated that the cropwas the second grown on a field ofvirgin soil. It was set out early, cultivated persistently during the dryweather, and was in the barn beforethe heavy August rains came, and thecrop was practically cured before thewet weather of October, which greatlydamaged late cut tobacco and causedit to house burn.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold yesteiday 110,525pounds ot tobacco at prices rangingfrom $2 to $17. This was decidedlythe best market of the season, allgrades showing advances. Rejectionswere few.The record price for a Bourboncrop was established yesterday whena crop lot of Thomas Helm Clay andFitzpatrick sold for an average of$14.75, every basket being boughtby a factory.whpn fivimrs from this crop wasv m mm -m -iviiccneii &- mm mKiancmorcsof Mr. Hutchcraft's business at the selling for $15.50 and trash at $17.00time of the bankruptcy acts complain- J the market had more of the ring ofed of. hast vear than anything yet heard,v.iChnsmasSiftJor jrfimfFor Father, Brother and Sweetheart appropriate gifts thatwill make each one happy, and not be so expensive for the onewho gives. New Christmas Novelties at this store within thereach of all.Mr. W. H. Harris, L. & N. agent atParis, was examined at great length,and went through the books from January 1 to June 1.About forty witnesses will be examined by Judge Harmon Stitt and Mr.Reuben Hutchcraft, of Paris, attorneysfor Mr. Hutchcraft, in addition tothose summoned by the other side.The Security Trust Company is represented by Mr. George Hunt, of Lex- i jer, $9.18.and is proof conclusive that colory to-ibacco in good order will sun Dringgood prices. As a whole the offerings continue very poor in quality.Some crop averages follow:J. Helm Clay and Fitzpatrick, $14.75; R. R. Crouch, $14.47; ConnellBros. & Small, $11.09; R. F. Collier,$9.42: Baldwin & Thomas, $9.62; G.K. Jones, $9.56; Burke, Brent & Fraz-ington; the Second National Bank, byJudge D. Gray Falconer, of Lexington;Mr. George S. Shanklin, for Mrs. Weil,while Mr. Hutchcraft is being represented by his son, Mr. Reuben Hutchcraft, and Judge Harmon Stitt, otParis.The examination of Mr. Harris wasfinished at three o'clock Wednesdayafternoon and atthe conclusion of histestimony the attorneys called Mr.Maurice Weil, of Lexington, who wasquestioned at length in regard to transactions in live stock he and Mr. Hutchcraft had had in the past five years.The most recent transaction, said Mr.Weil, was in June, when Mr. Hutchcraft sold him fat cattle which brought$7,624.67. Other stock deals had m-volved amounts ranging trom o,uuu toS9.000.Affpr hRine on the witness sianufor three days, Mr. W. II. Harris gavewav to Mr. Ollie Hedges, who is con-1 nected with Mr. Hutchcraft's commission and seed house in Paris. Mr.Hedges was kept on the stand thewhole of yesterday.The last sale for the season of 1914will be held on next Tuesday, December 22. The market will then closeuntil December 29th.WONDERFULLSELEOTION.A wonderful selection of Christmas giftgoods in jewelry canbe found at Shire &Eithian's. x;EGRO SUSPECTED OF MURDERHELD TO GRAND JURY.CHRISTMAS WHISKIES.BOXING EOUT AT THEPARIS GRAND ON DEC.28.Several promotors in Paris athleticcircles are arranging to put on a bigboxing match at the Paris GrandOpera House on Monday night, December 23, at popular prices, whichwill be announced later.The preliminaries will embrace limited round bouts between Albert Finnev, of the Stout Cafe, and John Fitzgerald, of Paris, both aspirants forfictin bnnnrs. heinff eager for thej mill." A battle royal will be stagedThe famous Wigglesworth whiskies j between two colored light weights,years oiu, oniy ..uu pei gaiuu. , . h tl ood in their class.I tiip mam bout, and one which promises to be a good one in every respectall onEight-year-old Sam Clay, in lullquart bottles, only, $1.00 per quart, atour Main street and Tenth streetsaloons.(18-2) JOHN JOHNSON.From the testimony adducted at the-s-amining trial, Tuesday of DaveItinter, colored, arrested on suspicion"r having murdered his wife, LillieHuiter, in Claysville, Monday, CountyJuige C. A. McMillan held the sus-p-ctcd man, to the rand jury at then t term of the Bourbon Circuit( irt on a charge of murder in thect degree.7Iunter denied shooting his wife, and' "Bied that she nad suicided. A-arch of the room where the body oft" c woman was found revealed evii ices of a struggle. A bloody ragn s found conceiaeJ in the stove andVn dollar bill partly soaked in blood,v' s found on Hunter's person when he-3 searched.The trend of the testimony was to. effect that Hunter and his wife1 J a quarrel over the possession of acn dollar bill, and tirat upon the woji n refusing to surrender the moneyiT Hunter's demands, the latter shot-' woman through the breast just-oove the heart.t afterward became known that twofloored men, Homer Young and Geo.Phillips, were in the house and wittsed the shooting, and it wasthrough their testimony that thecrime was finally fastened upon Hun-t-r.in spite of his denials.SOLID MAHOGANY GIFTS.SEE LAVIN & CONNELL FOR TOYSGreat bargains in toys, games, candies, nuts, truits, etc. Suitable giftsfor the little ones, such as velocipedes,Irish Mails, roller and ice skates, wagons, drums, guns, fireworks, fancybaskets, magic lanterns, etc.(18-2t) LAVIN & CONNELL.PLACE TO BUY.The place S to buyyourXmas jewelry isat Shire & Eithian's. xAPPOINTS ADMINISTRATOR.The estate of the late Mrs. JessieWilson, who died in Millersburg recentlv. will be administered upon byMr R. H. Kerr, of Millersburg,hewill he between "Bud" White, a wellknown Cincinnati boxer, and ChesterMyers, a New York man, who hasmade a good record in the ring. Thosetwo boxers, it is said, are very evenijmatched, and it is confidently predicted by the promotors that the audienceat the Grand on Monday night willsee a real lively set-to between scientific boxers. The "go" will be forten rounds. '.SANTA CLAUS HEADQUARTERS.In your rounds shopping for toys,etc., don't fail to visit our store lotsof things to please the little folks,such as-express wagons, velocipedes,fire works, nuts, candies and the bestfruits of all kinds.(X) N. A. MOORE & CO.WHBTE DIAMONDS.Einest white diamonds only, that de-rnmnetitson. tL-aeiBATH ROBESSMOKING JACKETSHOUSE COATSPERSIAN LAM& KNIT VESTSCOAT SWEATERSINITIAL HANDKERCHIEFSFANCY HANDKERCHIEFSJAPANESE SILKSCOMBINATION SETSTOILET SETSCOLLAR BAGSNECKTIE RINGS AND' HOLDERSDRINKING FLASK(And Cups With Leather Covers)NECKWEAR, MUFFLERS,UMBRELLASTRAVELING SETSTRAVELING BAGSFINE LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS(In Leather Cases.)E VMR Y THING NE WNovelties not to be found anywhere -except at this store.Mitchell & Blakemore,IThe Store for Men's StylesParis, Kentuckyhaving been appointed to that trust by 7 - convinced.County Judge u. a. juciumau. mi. cuidfAFITHIANEdward Slatterv is Mr. Kerr's surety I x SnlKC & Tl I niHlin the sum of $1,000. The appraisers iof the estate are Henry Bowling, Jos. j GQOD TH1NGS T0 EAT.Williams ana ur. rrauw. nciucu, anMillersburg.ALDWINSLETDAI FlWf Nutbhu " InoI FRANK &THE NEW CASH SHOESTORE AND NEW STOCK.olid Mahogany Rockers, SewingTables, Dressers, Chiffoniers, Tabourttes make elegant presents. Weaxe them,it) THE J. T. HINTON CO.ANDIESrr-LONGO HAS THEM."iristmas candies of all kinds, at) TOM LONGO'S.REAL ESTATE TRANSFERS.The Palmer farm, containing aboutiiy acres, located on the RuddlesMills nike. nhont three nfiles fromParis, was sold Wednesday to JamesAnson Squires by the owners, Harris& Speakes and Harry Speakes, for$15.85 per acre. The purchaser willZ-t possession on March 1, 1915.Miss Mary Harrison on Wednesdaypurchased the cottage belonging toArs. Horatio Wilkins, on High street,between Sixth and Seventh, for $1,392,o0 Both sales were conducted byAuctioneer Geo. D. Speakes.Dbn't forget we are at the same oldstand with an entirely new line ofmen's, women's and children's shoes.(x) GEO. McWILLIAMS.THE TOBACCO SALES.No sales were held at the Bourbon! Tobacco Warehouse Tuesday, on account of the extreme cold weather, tnesales being postponed until yesterday,when about 100,000 pounds of theweed of good quality was on the market. The tobacco was in much better condition to handle than it hadbeen in the last two weeks.Apples by the barrel and oranges bythe box cheap. Nothing but the bestfruits handled. Dressed fowls of allkinds, old country iiams, city hams,sausage, spareribs, etc. Let us haveyour order for Christmas.(x) N. A. MOORE & CO.FOR THE KIDDIES.EIGHT YEAR OLD.Have you tried Ed. Slattery's eightyear old whiskey at $1 per quart? Ifnot, try a quart. (x)FOR FATHER, BROTHEROR SWEETHEART.Mitchell & Blakemore's store is theplace to select that Christmas gift forI father, brother or sweetheart. (152t)ZtooTrains on the Louisville & Nashville Xhave all been late this week, due inlypart to the excessive cold and theheavy freight traffic which has necessitated the running of extra trains.Train No. 34, from Knoxville, due inParis at 6:15 Wednesday morning, didnot arrive until 7:00 p. m. Tuesdaynight Train No. 33 from Cincinnati,Jue in Paris at 10:15 yesterday morning was three hours late, and nearlyail the trains on this division werelate, being thrown off their sceduletime by reason of waiting for connecting trains at other- pointsKBLLDoll Beds, Velocipedes, Doll Buggies,Electroliers, Coasters. Choose now.We deliver when you want. Opennights.(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.L. & N. TRAINS LATE.YOURHOGSSAVE TIMEANDMONEY.oBALDWIN BROS.it9995&6mmmm&S3&&&a9&9999999999999CO.SPECIAL SALEHigh Class Suitsand Cloaks40 SUITSAT $10.00 EACHWorth Up To $23.75.35 SUITSAT $15.00 EACHWorth Up To $35.00Christmas HosieryPut up in fancy boxes all ready for the giving. No advance in prices.Presents For EverybodyThe Sensible Kind. See Our DisplayChristmas NoveltiesFrench and Pyralin Ivory, Toilet SetsSeparate Pieces.and;99&9999O999999Bring the Children ToOur Toy DepartmentFRANK & CO.The Store Where ReliabilityZReigns.ftu.. -".99"4-, . ''w?.-. -3? '- -f- yc , v 15.JXs. t- k. " g&0-1.5aV , ''''-LBi fv. '4 5 r -- -- ' ftjr j-''---? W lxtifL-"iJ'ATHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIsVlKENt UCkCdeCMER JM4SsUlThe Bourbon NewsEstablished iW; 32 Years of Continouuus Publication.BWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered al the Pans, Kentucky,' Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Que Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktpe, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.NEWSPAPER PUBLISHERSMzy Be Allowed to Exchnr.qe Advertising for Transportation.The time may be near at hand?hen the country nv;papoi pubiis'.ieer again will be able to exchangeadvertising space for railroad transportation. ReprescUtative Ada.ir, of"" !aoa, who hao long championed ithe restoration of this privilege,wiicb was cut off by the railroad 'ratedecision several years ago, and whointroduced a bill for the purpose, wasinformed by Chairman Adam son, oft Committee on Interstate and Foreign Commerce, that the legislationrss been embodied in an omnibus billazJ that there is a' good prospect ofit massing this session.ORANGES BY THE BOX.'"'all early and get the size vou1 1 :.lrt-15-tf)C. P. COOK & CO.Keeping Burmese River in Check.One of the world's largest retainingwalls has been built to prevent theEiver Rangoon, Burma, from shiftingits channel.BAKING PJDWDERAnd it doesbetter work. Simply follow your customary method of preparation add a littleless of Calumet thanwhen using ordinalbaking powder. Thenwatch the result.L.ight,fluffy.and evenly raised the bakingcomes from the ovenmore tempting, tastier,more wholesome.Calumet insures thebaking of an expert. Askyour grocer todav.ReceivedHighest Vr--rzZ4AwardsWmU's FereFe4 Expositor, Chicago,Paris Expesi-titm, France,Jhrd,1912.,0Y ivtl Mrs mamtj wlen ren fcnTcntxp crb!z-caaLtluar powier. Dan't be aisled. Our CalimeS. It's Ilasre ccsMwcji mre WBoiejose jire best rcsoKt,i'ssrc xar spenr to oor mui nd soda.I1 vljfiww,"aU! ?!;;;';?tep srs. flb. Willi iI Both in Use 1I and Cost 1I CALUMET I1IB ii i im m i - i -- - - .1. " i. m,LLiii. .! i . '-!vi" " "V"Trjr"' '""" "-- i 1 17 . - : 1 'Home Affairs Play Prominent PartIn Life of BeckhamGraceful Wife and Two Bright ChildrenAdorn Hearthl SmMm WtmMKfSmMm II ;I ; "oBI flHr Hy yai hi -j- jiuiSEXATOK ELECT J. C. W. BECKHAM of Frankfort, the first senatorto be elected by the people for aregular term from Kentucky, needsno Introduction to the people of thisbtate. He has been in public life for years,yet is Kentucky's youngest statesman ofprominence. Throughout the state he laknown as a statesman, but in the capitalhe is known as a splendid citizen' andgood neighbor. His modest, but attractive, refaidence is in South Frankfort. Hisfamily consists of his wife, who was MissJean Fuqua of Owensboro, it daughter,Miss Eleanor, aged thirteen, and a son,Creppa, Jr., aged nine. The entire family are social favorites. The youngstersare popular, and the lawn at the Beckhamhome is the playground for the childrenin the neighborhood. They attend thepublic schools. Mrs. Beckham is a youngwoman of splendid domestic attainments.She is an ideal wife, whose thoughts andenergies are devoted to her home, children, husband, family, neighbors and theneedy. She is a hard worker in theKing's Daughters' circle, which conductsthe hospital in Frankfort, and in othercharitable and religious causes.Those who know Governor Beckhambe"t are well aware that his chief interestand greatest pleasure lie in his home.There he spends practically all his leisurehours. He is not a familiar figure at thelocal club, in the lobby of the hotels or,indeed, any other place whero, men areaccustomed to congregate in the evenings.He makes it an almost unbroken habitto spend his evenings at home. The we'lllighted study of the Beckham residence is-n the first floor front. There the passerby may hee Governor Beckham early or1 ite on almost any evening at his dekor in his reading chair. Books and writing enter very largely into the life of thesenator elect. But the study scene is notslways a solitary one. Two children ofmore than ordinary attractiveness andpromise bless this home. They may beseen from time to time in the study, andthe attitude of parent and childien suggests that lessons are being heard or thatthe story hour is at hand. Governor Beckham, although a young man. is an oldfashioned father, lie counts It his privilege and duty to pisonally supervisethose things that make for the Christiancharacter and physical -well belnt; of hischildren.Mrs. Beckham possesses to a high degree all those gifts and graces which oneinstinctively associates with successfulhomemaking. This fact is not to be forgotten when one aks why the senatorseldom leaves home after the even ins:raeal.A noimal, wholesome. Christian home,blessed by health, hope and hnppinesy,r.ot untouched by sorrow, unspoiled bywealth and dominated by the highestideals suclf is the home of the junior senator. No new member of the next senate willtake his seat better informed or betterequipped for the work ahead of the Democratic administration than this Kentuckian, who Is first a student, with awide knowledge of public affairs . andclosely in sympathy and in touch withthe president and his secretary of state.For a man of hte years Senator ElectBeckham is a young man and has had arather remarkable career in the publiclife of his state. Born Aug. 5, 1SG9. theson of William N. and Julia WickliffeBeckham, he comes of a family that hasbeen pi-ominent in affairs of the south.His mother was the youngest daughterof Governor Chailes A. Wickliffe, whoalso held the portfolio of postmaster general In the cabinet of President Tyler.Her brother, Robert Wickliffe, was a governor of the state of Louisiana. She was,therefore, the daughter, the sister and themother of men who held the first officewithin the gift of the people of theirstates. His father, a lawyer and farmer,died when the subject of this sketch washut a mere boy. Owing to. this he got nofurther than his sophomore year at oldCentral university when called home tomanage the farm. He continued his studies, however, with the tesult that at nineteen he was made principal of the highschool of nis home town, which place heoccupied for the succeeding three years.During this time he studied law, politicaleconomy and political history. He wasadmitted to the bar of Kentucky in 1893,and on his birthday that year, his twentyfourth, being just eligible, he was nominated by the Democrats of his countyfor a seat in the lower house of the general assembly. He was the youngestmember of that body. During this servicehis health became impaiicd, and it lookedas if his political cart ei would be cutshort. He went to New Mexico for theclimate, and within a year was so nearlyrestored to health that he returned toKentucky. On the advice of his physicianhe declined re-election to the legialatuie,but was destined to continue as a member of that body. Isaac Wilson, who hadbeen given the seat he had refused, diedshortly after taking the oath of office.His death took one vote from the Democrats of the assembly at a most criticaltime, when the body was deadlocked inthe selection of a senator, the' candidatesbeing Joe Blackburn and W. GodfieyHunter, the Republican candidate. Thedeath of Wilson bioke the tie, but oneold state senator, who was something ofan independent, though elected as a Republican, declared that the Republicannominee should not be sent to Washington across the grave of a Kentucky legislator and announced that he Avould waitat limited time for the Democrats to fillthe vacancy. Without Beckham announcing for the place, his home people quicklyreached the conclusion that he was theman to fill Wilson's seat. A special election was hurriedly held, he defeated hisRepublican opponent by nearly 1,000, andhe staited out to get to the state capitalbefore the hour fixed by the Republicansenators for the Democratic side to haveits vacant seat filled.A railroad "wreck occurred, and it looked as if the Democrats would fail. In themost inclement weather of a hard winterBeckham set out in a carriage fromBanlstown for Frankfort, a distance ofixty-five miles. Teams weie changedthree times, and lie reached the capitalat 3 o'clock in the morning of the day theballoting in the senatorial race was to be7 esumed. The senatorial deadlock remained unbroken for all of that session, resulting in an extra session in 1897 and theelection of William J. Deboe through theopposition of William O. Bradley, thengovernor of the state, to Hunter, the Republican nominee.The Nelson county man was returned tothe lower house in 1898, and had attainedsuch prominence in the assembly that hewas made speaker. At that time he wasbut twenty-eight years of age, the youngest man ever given this office in Kentucky. As presiding officer he attractedmuch attention, and in the Democraticstate convention of the following year hewas chosen for the office of lieutenantgovernor, as the running mate of thelate William Goebel. Then followed themost exciting period in Kentucky sincethe civil war. The state contest was carried before the general assembly, Goebelwas declared to have been elected governor and was shot down by an assassinalmost at the entrance of thev state capitol. W. Li. Taylor, the Republican candidate for the governorship, establishedhimself in the capitol, surrounded by alegiment of the Kentucky state guaid,and the Democratic claimants, with Beckh im at their head, opened up offices atthe Capital hotel for the transaction ofthe business of the commonwealth, where1' ey were surrounded by a poition of theMate guard loyal to their side of the con"oversy. The Democratic majoiity of theT ner.il aeribly was pi evented by Tayh r from meeting at the capitol, and, di ivcn through the streets by his guaidsmeni prevent their meeting elsewhere. Thedjutant general even threatened to in.'de the roo-b of the dying Goebel should.i meeting be attempted therein. Enoughof the majority awis kv-pt intact by theyoung governor to keep the leeoid stiaightand clear. The full leeoid of the settlement of th' gubornaton.il content waspreserved. Thiough it all he held his sidein perfect obedience to the laws and setan c.iinple to his tollowers that did muchto bring order out of chaos. When hecould do so he reassembled the legislature at the seat of government and pioceeded intelligently with the business otthe state. So well did he handle the leinsof government during these stormy tunesthat the Democrats of the state madehim their nominee to fill out the unexpired teim of Goebel in the executive chair.The Republicans put forth a most formidable cam'nl'ite in the peison of John W.Yerkes. a m.. n of national reputation, whohad hold himself ,nlrof fiom the ioontpolitical tiouble. It w.is a national eai,Bryan and McKInley being the candidates,and the l.ice was one of the most hotlvcontested held in the state m yeais.Beckham won by .1.700 m.ijor.tv.Two weeks after the election, at theage of thntv-one . ears, the joung governor was united in marriage to Mits JeanFuqua of Owensboro. They occupied thestate executive mansion tor the Fevenyea is lollowing. he being le-electod in1903 for a full teim of four yoais. As governor he did much to allay feeling whichhad been stiriod up dunng the 1900 political troubles, winning the stiong fuendslup of Republicans who had bitterly opposed him. He was governor of thewhole people, and no trace of politicalfeeling ever was displayed in the governor's office during the years that followedthe political strife. During his incumbency he cleaied the state of debts totalingneaily $2,000,000 without inci easing thetax rate, and passed the office to his successor with a million in the public treasury. He collected for the state from thenational goverment over Sl.SOO.OOO wardebt. The new capitol was begun andpractically completed under his direction,and a home was established m the statefor Confederate soldiers.One of the most notable features of theBeckham administration of affairs inKentucky was the enforcement of theSunday laws and the promotion of temperance and regulation of the liquor traffic. Until he had an opportunity to appoint a mayor of Louisville, in 1907, saloons ran wide open on the Sabbath.With the appointment of Robert WorthBingham as mayor they closed and haveso continued ever since. Through furtherextensions of the counts' unit local optionlaws he Incurred the enmity of the liquorpeople and through taxation laws the illwill of the whisky rectifiers. Before histerm as governor had closed he was nominated by the Democrats of the state ina primary election for the office of UnitedStates senator, defeating James B. JIcCreary for that honor. In those days thestate legislature had the final say. and,although there was a clear Democraticmajority in that body, he was defeatedthrough the machinations of the whiskyami brewery Interests, who diew awayfrom him four men who hail been electedas Democrats and pledged to his supportas the party nominee.Senator Elect Beckham is not unknownin the national councils of the Democratic party. In the national conventionsof 1901, 1903 and 1912 he was a delegate atlarge from the state of Kentucky, and Ineach convention .represented his state onthe committee on lesolutions of the convention, helping to draft the national platform of the paity. He has thus beenclosely associated with Mr. Bryan, withwhom he has stumped Kentucky in allof the campaigns since 1S90. He was aWilson adherent when it was unpopularto be on (.hat side in Kentucky, owing tothe candldaov of a former Kentucklan,Champ Clark, and rendered valuable service to the New Jersey man at the Baltimore' convention. At Washington ho willnot be found in the scramble for politicalpie. but in the committee rooms and confeiences wheie affairs of big importanceaie beins discussed.KENTUCKY WOMAN, SUFFERER FROISTOMACH ILLS, QUICKLY RESTOREDMrs. Belle Hawkins Uses Mayr Remedy "Never Felt Better InMy Life."Mrs. Belle Hawkins, Eminence, Ky.,was a victim of stomach disorders.She took a great deal of treatmentand medical attention.At last she tried Mayr's WonderfulSitomach Remedy and got real results.In a letter telling of her experienceshe said:"I have taken all of the medicine Iordered of you and will say it hasdone more good- than all the doctorsand medicine I ever tried. I don't really ,think I need any medicine now,as I think I am well. I never feltbetter in my life. If I ever shouldneed any medicine I know where toget it."That is a typical letter, taken asone among the thousands from theusers of Mayr's Wonderful StomachBourbonDWIS &Telephone No. 4.vt(ISvlBourbonParis?dr t 'L. & N. TIME TABLEEFFECTIVETRAINS ARRIVE FROMNO.! 134Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday.3429710403712336913838539832Atlanta, Ga., DailyCynthiana, Ky, Daily Ex. Sunday..Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday.Rowland, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday...Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday.Cincinnati, Ohio, DailyLexington, Ky., DailyCincinnati, Ohio, DailyLexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday.Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday.Lexington, Ky., DailyKnoxville, Tenn., DailyMaysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday.Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily Ex. Sunday.Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday.Jacksonville, Fla., DailyLexington, Ky., Daily-Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily1431TRAINS DEPART FORKO.34 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily s:3530 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6:2010 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:4540 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily Ex. Sunday 7:457 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:47137 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 9 :4337 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9 :4Q133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:1S33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10: 206 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 12:0513 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday. : 3:3038 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 3:3539 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6:009 Rowland, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6:0232 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 6:355 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6:358 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday -fi : 30131 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:30 '31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:35TRAINS ARRIVE FROMNO.2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday.4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday.TRAINS DEPART FORNO.1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday3 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sundayr vc'rwJ .(.hods .LVuruiuablfiUf cwi.'iii" 1Y iv-o, a.ivuw,,i.t -uainaiui. iiraii ili c .;.Iifiva anv nchn in onv iijrt if tJm h.iilfifteen minutes time.xrice 50c. A.t All Druggist'!,Free sample and circular scat on reseat.QnilDDnM DCMSnv r.if'imvUVUIIUII IIUUIU! UU.I1 Hll,For Sale.One gentle, bay, combined mare, 15hands high, 6 years old, 1 buggy andset of buggy harness, nearly new.Will sell cheap.(ll-3t) J. M. RUSSELL.Remedy. The first dose provesnolong treatment.Mayr's Monderful Stomach Remedyclears the digestive tract of muciodaccretions and removes poisonousmatter. It hring$ swift reliet to suffer,ers from ailments of the stomack,liver and bowels. Many declare it hassaved them from dangerous operations and many are sure that it husaved their lives.We want all people who havechronic stomach trouble or constipation, no matter of how long standing, to try one dose of Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy one dosewill convince you. This is the medicine so many of our people havebeen taking with surprising results.The most thorough system cleanserever ssld. Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy is now sold here by G.S. Varden & Son and druggists everywhere.LaundryFUNK, Props.West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in oin up the finest shirtYvfaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundftfamous fo fine work and itclever goes btfck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.Laundry,Kentucky.ftOCTOBER, 18, 1914.' 3s J5:23 a. m.5:30 a. m.7:35 a. m.7:38 a. m.7:36 a. m.7:40 a. m.9:40 a. m.10:10 a. m.10:15 a. m.12:00 m.3:15 p. m.3:26 p. m.3:28 p. m.5:45 p. m.5:35 p. m..6:18 p. m,6:30 p. m.10:35 p. m.JO: 40 p. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.m.m.m.m.m.7:38 a. m.5:50 p. m.8:25 a. m.6:25 p. m.Dealers WantedS ATICN "37" S95WE WAM' a vi'c-awV J!'LER in oac'itown in Southern 01 'o, ai'jacot t rritory in V.Virginia, uutlivrn In iini a.i I cine fcf 'Kentuclcv to take on oi.r line of LiIW IS, ALLi-Nand METZ autinioli!rs. Oi.r ear- S-i I.C t;or .satisfy the oupts, ..' 1 jou i :ke AlOKW V$S73 up; al-o o at M'V. Thi is a (good cham 'for an estabiMicJ Auto Healer to take onquick-sellinjj line of popular cars, or for a 1i''HUSTLER with a little n my ami l-ackius to -intoa lint cl is mo::"y-nnkinir liiainiy. r 'quick for parjcul ir- to the I'.ictorv Rcproa ik-tiycs-KEXTON3IOTOK3. COMPANI", 21-A L.Kinth St., Cincinnati, Onto.Iiiftsass(fsftSvNj (noy24-5t-Tus),.' :.J . -..-:,.,v3LJ' . -"' 5 r " -rs.,-.tr, , ' ,- " ' r ' 4--"1 ,t ' --, . V . A "m r.rV Kt. - C w 'f -1.,'iHfT.J (. fi V if i, .'...'VrAY?V'V"fu 'V i, '.'V Av .jkv - v -- s-r V- v -,rssfcr -THE BOURBON NEWS I PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 18, 1914r-- .u, - -,- - " V i. f v - -This is a very fine Steel CutCoffee, with an attractiveteaspoon in each package.For sale by all grocers at20 cents per ponnd.is roasted and packed fresh whilehot under the most improved scientific method. It is guaranteed .to you as the very best coffee onvthe market today. For sale by,all first class crrocers at 30c a lb.RED BALL COFFEEGr iJV - .v ,-; v (-Certified Check ColeRESULTS THAT REMAINWAR SITUATION IN MEXICO.Are Appreciated by Paris People.GASHEATERS!Thousands who suffer from backache and kidney complaint have triedone remedy after another, findingonly temporary benefit. This is discouraging, but there is one kidneymedicine that has earned a reputationtor lasting results a"nd there is plentyof proof of its merit right here inParis.Here is the testimony of one whoused Doan's Kidney Pillsand now -makes herstronger.Mrs. J. T. Martin, Pleasant andEleventh streets, Paris, Ky., says: "Isuffered quite severely from painsacross my back and in my kidneys.The trouble alarjned me and I triedmany medicines. I did not get reliefhowever, until I procured Doan's Kidney Pills. They improved my condi-tion in every way. All I have eversaid praising Doan's Kidney Pills wasentirely correct and. I confirm my forI mer endorsement of this remedy.trouble."Price 50c, at all dealers'.WASHINGTON, Dec. 15. A statementbefore the House Committee on NavalAffairs Monday by RepresentativeHobson, of Alabama, that, the UnitedStates got itself in readiness for warin the Pacific in May, 1913, was permitted to go unchallenged by Josephusthe Far Bast a year ago, and madepreparations for war in that quarter,was dramatic in the extreme. Mr.Hobson was impelled to make this decDaniels, Secretary of the Navy, al-years ago, i though Mr. Hobson called upon Mrtestimony Daniels to deny the truth of his assertion. Mr. Hobsons challenge to theSecretary of the Navy to deny that theGovernment was fearful of trouble inlaration by the testimony of Capt. A.G. Winterhalter, a member of theNavy General Board, who intimatedthat Mr. Hobson and many other persons in the United States are constantly seeing visions of war.DON'T PAIL TO SHOP ATE. M. WHt.E.L E- r 5sBig Ten Days' Sale ofjF-TJR,lSriTTJR,E3TX" A C U TXTPTTWT Tv 1 A if lirtii rrllI Provisional President Gutierrez andj Gen. Carranza assured the AmericanDon't Government that their forces havesimply ask for a kidney remedyDoan's Kidney Pills the sameMrs. Martinhad. Foster-MilburnProps., Buffalo, N. Y.get been instructed to confine their fire toMexican territory, Washington had re-thatCo.,No Need to Employ an Architect."NoDe!" replied J. Fuller Gloom ofj Sniffles, Mo. "I shall not be obligedI to emDlov an architect to plan andMfif nr 40C if ' oversee tne building of my new house.UU I KJ pDUU , The loafers hanging around will tellj me how everything should be done.j Kansas City Star.INSTALLED,Satisfaction Guaranteed.Paris Gas $ electric Co.(Incorporated.)DO YOUR SHOPPING EARLY.A TEST FOR LIVER COMPLAINT.While the present "tightness" ofmoney is likely to cut some figure inthe customary Christmas buying, yethundreds of presents are to be purchased, and the News advises thatyou heed the stereotyped admonition, I"Do Your Christmas Shopping Early"!and thus avoid the usual rush later on. jWere you aware of the fact that itis less than two weeks until Christmas? That's correct, and the Parisstores are loaded with gifts of allkinds, from the cheapest to the mostelaborate. The usual extra clerks areon hand, so if you visit the stores nowyou will find the assortment complete,and have plenty of time to do yourbuying. Attend to this right now.Consult the advertisements in TheNews and find where to go. iMentally Unhappy Physically Dull.The Liver, sluggish and inactive,firsts hows itself in a mental wayunhappy and critical. Never is therejoy in living, as when the Stomach andLiver are doing their work. Keep yourLiver active and healthy by using Dr.King's New Life Pills; they empty theBowels freely, tone up your Stomach,cure your constipation and purify tjieBlood. 25c at Druggists.Bucklin's Arnica Salve excellent forPiles.(adv-dec)ceived no official assurance of the receipt of such instructions by the respective commanders.WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 15.Col. Goethal's reiterated request fordestroyers for use in the Canal Zonewas the subject of conferences amongWar, Navy and State Department officials, but no definite decision wasreached.The American merchant marine hasbeen increased by 101 vessels sinceSeptember 3, according to an announcment by the Department ot Commerce.CARPETS, RUGS, STOVESEverything marked low,, for cash until Christmas. Takeadvantage of this sale and buy Christmas Presents now andhave them laid aside.MASTER'S SALEOFLAWMAKERS SWAMPED.r111 SCOTTSl'EnULSlOHjI I cooifvaoiL IHave youCatarrh?Is nasal breathingimpairea : uoesyour throat gethusky or clogged?Modern science provesthat these symptoms result from run-down health.Snuffs and vapors are irritating and useless.The oil-food in Scott's Emulsionwill enrich and enliven the blood,aid nutrition and assist nature- tocheck the inflammation andheal the sensitive membranes.Shun Alcoholic mixtureand insist upon SCOTT'S.14-49ESBZ3EEBZ3Protests against the transmissionof certain anti-Catholic publicationsthrough the mails are coming in adeluge to Senators and Representatives lrom Ohio, Indiana, Kentuckyand other Middle Western States, inWashington.The solons are so badly swampedin their efforts to acknowledge thecommunications that some are think-ing of resorting to the plan of havingi a form letter printed to send to allcorrespondents on the subject,i Senator Kern, of Indiana, one dayi received more than 1,000 letters onI the subject.LANDBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Mary E. Rogers' Adnir., &c,Ys. Notice of Sale.PlaintiffsJos. A. Hildreth, &c-DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the above styled action, the undersigned Master Commissioner willsell at public auction to the highestand best bidder, at the court housedoor in Paris, Ky., about the hour of11 o'clock, a. m., on ,MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1915,mmSOLID COMFORTis suggested by the mere appearanceof one ot our Fancy Easy ChairsThey are specially built to afford restfill ease to the tired. They are artistic and well made, and are offered atfair prices. We have a full line ofnew and handsome Household Furniture, embracing everything from Carpets to Bedsteads, and we welcome allwho desire to inspect our stock.When may we expet a call from you?MRS. McCLAIN'S EXPERIENCE WITH CROUP."When my boy, Ray, was small hewas subject to croup, and I was always alarmed ats uch times. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy proved farbetter than any other for this trouble.It always relieved him quickly. I amnever without it in the house for Iknow it is a positive cure for croup,"writes Mrs. W. R. McCain, Blairsville,Pa. For sale by all dealers.(adv-dec)thewit:following described property, to-BackacheMiss Myrtle Cothrum,of Russellville, Ala., says:"For nearly a year, I suffered with terrible backache, pains in my limbs,and my head ached nearlyall the time. Our familydoctor treated me, butonly -gave me temporaryrelief. I was certainly inbad health. My schoolteacher advised me toTAKE" Fatalities by Fire.One thousand five hundred personsare killed and five thousand are injured each year as a result of firesin the United States.HOW'S THIS?The Woman's TonicI took two bottles, in all,and was cured. 1 shallalways praise Cardui tosick and suffering women." If you suffer frompains peculiar to weakwomen, such as headache, backache, or othersymptoms of womanlytrouble, or if you merelyneed a tonic for that tired,nervous, worn-out feelincr trv Cardui. E-65"to jYe offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure.F. J. CHENEY & CO ..Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have known. J. Cheney for the last 15 years, andbelieve him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and financiallyable to carry out any obligations madeby his firm.! NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, Ohio.! Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken inter!nally, acting directly upon the blood1 an mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75 cents! per bottle. Sold by all Druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for consti-KEEP IT HANDYFOR RHEUMATISM.No use to squirm and wince and try, to wear out your Rheumatism. It willwear you out instead. Apply someSloan's Liniment. Need not rub it in, just letit penetrate all through theaffective parts, relieve the sorenessand draw the pain. You get ease atonce and feel so much betterf youwant to go right out and tell othersufferer's about Sloan's. Get a bottle of Sloan's Liniment for 25 cents ofany druggist and have it in the houseagainst Colds, Sore and SwollenJoinst, Lumbago, Siatica and like ailments. Your money back if not satisfled, but it does give almost instantrelief. Buy a bottle to-day.(adv-dec)Beginning at G, a stone in the oldBlue Lick Road, a corner to the 301.32acre tract, and running therefromalong said road S 78, W 6.89 chains;thence S 75 5-8, W 19.15 chains to I,stone in said road; thence with roadand with John Roseberry's line S 4,W 24.78 chains to J, a stone in theeast margin of road a corner to 301.32acre tract; thence leaving road N 68,E 22.65 chains to U, a stone cornerto said tract; thence N 674, E 16.54chains to V, a stone corner to stake;thence N 30, W 18.00 chains to thebeginning, containing 65.64 acres.But under the will of testatrix,Mary E. Rogers', one acre is reservedfor burial purposes as follows:"I do now except and reserve fromthe operation of my said will and codicil one acre of land on the tract of 65acres now occupied by my brother,Jos. A. Hildreth, to be laid off so as toinclude present burial ground thereon, in which my father and my motherand husband and child and othermembers of my family are buried, andI now will and direct that the saidone acre shall be used and maintainedperpetually as a burial ground for themembers of my family, &c, and thesaid acre will be reserved with theright of ingress and egress.Said sale will be made upon thecredit of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money,purchaser being required to executebond for equal parts of the purchaseprice, with good security to be approved by the said Master Commissionerand payable to said Commissioner,bearing interest at the rate of 6 percent, per annum from date of sale until paid, and to remain a lien upon theproperty sold until fully paid, and tohave the force and effect of a .judgment. c. a. McMillan,M. C. B. C. C.TALBOTT & WHITLEY, Attorneys.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.s w &&? anon x?i i mi "isw r-M: 'j ?,iNmWSmS kill Mlr7 W j f&Z2ZUO;nr r i n art -Ltammuuu i m.i ka mmmmmm m w saim1 a riww r. -.Tt -5"Nifv v. i Tnrr swj",; -'-; , .t j v -ryiwwrjAJi--XHOME, SWEET HOMEis made still more sweet and invitingwhen cosily and comfortably furnished from our complete House Furnishing Establishment. Here you notonly get the best and most durablequalities, but the very latest stylesin fashionable Furniture. You havea large variety to select from, and theprices are so low that they tempt youto do the choosing and ordering rightaway.TURN THE STRONGEST LIGHTon our Fruniture and every piece willstand the test, because they are welland thoroughly made and will standThe Closest Investigationfrom the most critical. We do notcarry shoddy stuff; we value' our reputation too much what we sell youmay be depended upon for qualityand wear.THE NEWLY WEDDED PAIR.seeking articles of Furniture of comfort and beauty for the new home willfind this a choice and sate place tobuy choice because it affords suchwide selection, safe because everything for any part of the house issubstantially constructed, honestlypriced.IBfflKtfT -3A fe3 f !AK2S5S3Waa&:L-J W F plCKliiv.Ss.'H L1U'L. 3 ii.?M -g$Rq 'Mr" --vc5"w3 -4'".i-r-?i5iiIT'S WITHIN YOUR REACH.Dainty, yet well-made Furniture isnot only tor those with fat pocketbooks. Any one possessed of tasteand a small amount of money can furnish a house well. Come in and seewhatA Little Moneycan buy here. Just as good bargainsin carpets and rugs as in furniture.LET US SHOW YOUthrough our stock rooms and you willagree with us that you never saw- alner collection of Household Furnitureanywhere in this vicinity. AYe wouldlike to have you call and examine ourstock thoroughly. It will stand theclosets scrutiny for beauty, strengthand artistic eifect3. Such high quality Furniture is seldom offered atsuch low prices.EL 3VC. WHEELEREighth and Main, Paris, Ky.Dissolution Notice.This is to notify the public that thepartnership business of the firm ofGault & Thomas, doing business in thecity of Millersburg, Kentucky, is thisday dissolved by mutual consent. TheCompletes Tree's Uprooting.Tackle nas Deen invented by a Calif ornian to make a tree pull out itsroot3 when cut down.Not New to Her.Hp. fmoonvl "Was there ever aobligations of the firm will be assumed j jove jjke ours?" She (matter-of-fact)byri1?9fiGaUlt q f THOMAS ! "Of course, I cant judge your case,(ll-2t) , S. F. THOMAS, j but wkh me the svmptoins seem aboutm e ii i , ti10 &ame as in my other attacks."Kentucky Carlsbad Springs . -Expert CarriagePainter-Mr. Percy Halm, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast 8 yers, has opened a shop at thecorner of Fouth and High Streets, and,solicits the patronage of those needing anything in his line.Both Phones 583.XMKteBHBBB $Something That the Kentucky Carlsbad Water Will Do That NoOther Water Ever Discovered Has Done.AND AVOID THE CROWDS.Remember the crowds thatthronged the stores last Christmas when you. were buyingvour presents. Avoid thosecrowds now by doing youra shnnnine: early.ADDITIONAL DESCRIPTION.The above described tract, containing 65.G4 acres, is a good home for aman of small means. The said landhas thereon the following improvements: A comfortable brick residence of 8rooms and cellar;A 3 acre tobacco barn;Stable and ice house, large brickmeat house;The tract contains some tobaccoland.Two never-failing springs and pond.The farm is situated on a good dirtroad one mile on the old Blue Lickroad. 6 miles East of Paris.Possession will be given of theabove land on March 1, 1915.For further particulars, apply toJ. H. ROSEBERRY,E. T. Phone 526.Admiristrator Mrs. Evaline Rogers'estate.(5-12-19-dec-3t) xWe will take the albumen out ofyour water in three days and we arej curing all cases of diabetes that drinkthe water. We will give relief to the ,most severe cases of kidney troublein one day and will absolutely cure anycase in 10 days. Stomach trouble guarantee it to cure any case in ten daysif it hasn't become cancerous. Bladder trouble of any kind will be curedin ten days. It will cure any old. soreby bathing in it for two or three days, iWe guarantee it to cure any case ofcatarrh of the head or bowels in tendays. If you drink this water for tendays you wil be absolutely free fromconstipation or any organic trouble, asit positively will restore every internal organ of. the body in ten days.If it doesn't the treatment won't costyou anything.You can get the same results, if itis not convenient for you to come tothe Springs, right at home, as we shipthe water with full directions, excepting rheumatic cases; they must cometo the Springs to get well. Be sureto write for our free booklet.Pans Odorless Cleaning Co. ILet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.5Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.HMMNMHiNHBliKentuckyCarfsbadSprings,Inc.DRY RIDGE, KY.A Legally GUARANTEED CURE .1Thinkof it.Mr. Farmcr.here's a remedy for hoe cholera "WfUm Wlmimmtthat is sold tinder a "Legral Guarantee Bond."1 How "JJ". mW 'can yoa afford to take chances against hoc cholera ClAMMiA ,when yon can set this remedy on such terms? . MwwmnwmrmmBouroon Hog GhoMra Hominy mmhIs the only remedy ever put up that is guaranteed to cure and preventhog cholera. It does the work better than any other known remedy. If,It did not, it would not be sold on such a strong guarantee., Af All'Drndctsts. Write for f re boeklet teliinjr how to save your hoes. s.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY. Lexington. KjviMiHHiMBf ".4J J' A.THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY,': DECEMBER 18, 1W4"Xit;i 'iitU'iATHE WHITE CHRISTMAS."Rehearsals for younger children whom take part in the "White Christ-which is to be held in the Grandpera House, on Monday evening at7cSi o'clock, will be held on Saturday afternoon at the Opera House.The children of the various Sunday-tools are taking ati active interestt the work, and through their enthu.askuni the older people are beginningto warm up to the necessity of providiag a Christmas for the young folksmhm would not otherwise be enabledto partake of the Christmas cheer.The list of children who will bejmaAe recipients of a glad Christmasbrace's about two hundred names IJ 4-.. . js i-i xi. ii.-i jis i. j.?toys and other things that delighthearts of children are needed tothe empty stockings. AppealsSilljB&de to the merchants of Paris for-tkese supplies are being generouslyjuwwered. There is lots of room forKore, and those desiring to contributesre asked to send toys, old or new, toIke office of Mr. Earl Mast, Secretaryf the Paris Y. M. C. A., in the HarrisSo Speakes real estate office, corner oflJUftli and Main streets, before nextMonday evening.Great interest is being manifestedi. the "Community Christmas Tree,"-wkicli will be erected on the Court IHouse square, decorated and lighted"with hundreds of colored incandescentelectric light globes.. The Christmascarols to be sung by the best pickedvoices of the different churches of thecity, augmented by other singers, allunder the direction of Dr. Frank Fithia, promises to be one of the mostenjoyable features of the Christmascelebration.Among so many popular customs atChristmas, full of so much sweet andsimple poetry, there is, perhaps, nonexncre charming than that of the Christmas carols, which celebrate in joyous,yet devout strains, the nativity of theSaviour.Christmas, the "Mass of Christ," ortke festival of His Nativity, was thetime in early days, wnen the peoplewho lived simple lives, found expres-jsioa for their devotion and their de-ilight in their songs.The "ballads" or "carols," in England, was a term applied to a tale told I"T . A. ,ta simple verse, and what could be Pictures of every description, handiore appropriate during Christmas somely framed; leather goods in theime than the singing of carols, I latest novelties. Copyright books,-Those beauty and freshness and di-j latest fiction, 50 cents. Games forredness have made them the most I the children as well as the grown-uploved songs? 'The carols of Greece, of Provence,Denmark, Brittany, England, Iceland;and Lapland have something oL asameness about them. There werefirst no written tunes, the music being handed, orally, from one generation to another, and carried fromd .ountry to country. The only diner- - y . blockig the entrance found was the local character. "he theatres will bill boards orkcs and interest brought out in the s tot. e interferewords for instance, the Laplandmg ", ,T' f , MmnR nf iIntroducing into his song his rein-ideer. While these earlier warrierse i t i,i irv,- i.-r. iT"T Z?:"i ' "n,." .-n,',, ."7Jsongs.In England, still, the children so ipu noraew uome ou wu .Suu . u-ing, and each year, aT)out the opendoors, these carols are listened to withreverence, for the songs mean to announce, anew, as exultantly as possible the birth of the Savior of the-world.CLAY'S SAUSAGE.Insist upon Clay's sausage 15-5tCOLD WEATHER.Phone your order for BestCoal to Phones 14.tf CHAS. S: BRENT & BRO. ,COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENTLECTURES AT CLINTONVILLEThe first of a series of lectures tobe delivered during the winter monthsat Clintonville will he held at the Clintonville Christian church this eveningat 7:30 o'clock, the speaker being Dr.A. S. Mackenzie, dean, of the Graduate School of Kentucky State University. The subject of Dr. Mackenzie is entitled ""Good Evening." The series oilectures have been planned with theview of giving encouragement to com-,munity fellowship, agricultural devel-of ment and social and mutual im-provement. :The second lecture "-ill be deliveredby Professor W. S. Anderson, on thesuuject oi nereaiin', or jiiugemcs.Professor Anderson is assistant inliorse husbandry in the AgriculturalCollege. The third of the series oflectures will be by Professor J. E.Tutlull, of Kentucky State University,subject, "Need of Education." Theyoung men and women of the community are especially invited to hear thelectures. The dates for the last twolectures have not yet been announced.SIXTY-DAYS DISPENSATION.Better join the Eagles Lodge while 'Bourbon Aerie has a sixty-day dispensation. You may get in during thistime at the low cost of $r. Put inyour petition to-day. (15-5t) 'SEE LONGO FOR FRUITS.serve a 20c dinner at Mrs. Corne WatSelect line for thev Christmas trade, son Baird's store to-monow. Tne dinOranges, 15, 20, 25 and 30 cents per ' ner will be suitable tor merchants,dozen; grape fruits, six tor 25 cents, shoppers, clerks and the country peo,.xnd four for 25 vcents; extra fancy ap- pie especially, and they are invited topies, 30 cents per peck; bananas 15 , call and get a really good lunch,scents, per doz, at Miss Marie Scott is very ill at her' lS-3t) TOM LONGO. home on Vine street with, the grippe.HOLD FAMILY REUNION.A very enjoyable family reunion ofthe Sledd family was held at the homeof Mrs Asena Stephens, in Nicholascounty, Sunday. Those present were: iUrs. Eliza Dale, of Paris; WilliamSledd, of Paris; R. M. Sledd, of Or-rage, Kans.; James Sledd, of Robertsee county; R. B. Sledd, of Lexington; ,"Henry Sledd, of Nicholas county; Miss-Georgia Sledd, of Montgomery county, I-MMi James Dillon, of Oklahoma.PHOTOGRAPHS FOR CHRISTMAS.I v.-ill make sittings up to and inelding Wednesday, Dec. 23, and deliver the work Christmas Eve. Owingto the rush, I have discontinued allheHB work.' 'XlMt) A R. JOHNS.COLDEST WEATHEROF THE WINTER.Bitter cold weather, the very coldestof the winter, swooped down uponthis section Monday, following aheavy fall of sonw on Sunday, and byten o'clock Monday night the mercuryin the thermometers -had droDoed tosix below zero, and on Tuesday morn-1ing it w.as reported from various sources that from twelve to fourteen belowhad been recorded. These records,however, are thought to be rather unreliable. In numerous instances the suddensnap worked a real hardship in Parishomes, the water pipes being frozenup, and in other homes where they hadi l......2 Ci. JiiA rf-htlt s liinorcno such luxuries it did other thingsthat would make the plumbers billlook like a patent of nobility.From the extreme North almost tothe southern limits of, Florida the coldsnap brought zero weather and snowvarying in depth from 1 to 6 inches,with the exception of the southernmost portions of Florida.Farmers were compelled to feed allkinds of live stock, and the animalsthat were not protected by adequateshelter suffered considerably.The loose leaf tobacco markets havebeen considerably benefitted by thecold spap in that the tobacco has lessmoisture and the clear skies has madethe light in the warehouses better,receipts of tobacco at the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.'s plant wererather light, and what was brought inhad to be pulled by double teams because of the heavy snow.Farmers who had not killed hogsfor fear of a continuance of the warmweather that prevailed for two weekshave renewed the slaughter, and asthere is every prospect of a continuance of the- cold weather for severaldays there will be a large crop of icegathered from the ponds and creeks."" BOYS' SUMMITT MACKINAWS.Tne best known and best made kindt an(i (jj. y. DAVIS & CO.FOR THE HOLIDAY TRADE.ioiks.(18-2t)PARIS BOOK CO.A WISE PRECAUTION.The city authorities of Charleston.West Virginia, have recently passed.. .imnnno nrnli lliitin r mfttinn nint-"" " " ' nf 0 Corm,B fir, ti,pi 11UUOCO in uiou w - - - --.-amerule prevails in all tne largecities, and, atoo. in many small towns.Wherever crowds gather as they do atthe modern moving picture snows itWUU1U UK CIl LU lYUG gn,ij,un,iuv,1-1 l. ..11 4-r lfnon oroin' ovntllioescape of the audience?'L. LI n, iL ,io,. f r,ill case of lire. The danger of lire isalways imminent and every possibleavenue of escape should be kept openand should be provided for by the pioprietors of the theatres.CHRISTMAS TREES.1 We have a good stock of ChristmasI Trees, both large and small, well-selected.Come early.U8-2t) "LAVIN & CONNELL.CHRISTMAS WHISKIES.The famous Wigglesworth whiskey,3 vears old, only $2.00 per gallon.Bight-year-old Sam Clay, ia fullquart bottles, only 1.00 per quart, atour Main street and Tenth streetsaloons. c(18-2) JOHN JOHNSON.SUGGESTS KENTUCKY SHIPFOR BELG1N RELIEF.Desha Breckinridge, editor of theLexington Herald, called at the officesot Belgian Relief Commission in NewYork Tuesday, to inquire what sliould grass -u ue sa-uieieu wlci uv umei, be done with a carload of flour which j animals. While the germ of the dished hppn donated bv the citizens of i ease has not yet been isolated, coldCentrai Kentucky, and after a conver-sation with Secretary R. D. McCarter,of the commission, he agreed to at-1terapt to unite the various Belgium re-j-ef organjZations in Kentucky in anefforfc to fiU a Kentucky ship.FOR THE LADIES.Ladies' Silk Hose and Ladies' Glovesat Mitchell & Blakemore's. (15-2t)THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Why are all L. & N."Captains" and all thecalled "Colonel?"conductorsauctioneersTHEBEST.Only theWinters'.bestLADIES TO SERVE DINNER.The ladies of the Bantist rhurch willSANTA CLAUS HEADQUARTRS.In your lound shopping for toys, etc.,don't fail to visit our store lots ot1 things to please the little folks, suchasexpress wagons, veiocipeaes, nreworks, nuts, candiesand the bestlrmts of all kinds()N. A. MOORE & CO.THE GOOD TALKvNothinebutthe bestand no rurrningdownany one's goods.Strictly uprient andfirst-class.A. J. Winters & Co. jUMt)MEMORIAL ADDRES8 BY, HON. E.M. DICKSON.Hon. B. M. Dickson, of Paris Lodgeof Elks, delivered the memorial address at the "Lodge of Sorrow" heldby the Cynthiana Elks in Cynthiana,Sunday afternoon. The CynthianaDemocrat pays the following deservedtribute to the speaker of the eveningThe annual memorial services ofCynthiana Lodge No. 438, B. P. O. E.,were held at the Christian church,Sunday afternoon. A large number ofElks were in attendance, and quite anumber of friends. The address wasdelivered by Hon. E. M. Dickson, ofParis, and was one of the most eloquent that has ever been heard hereon a similar occasion. Mr. Dicksondwelt at some length on the cardinalprinciples of the order Charity, Justice, Fidelity and Brotherly Love, anddrew a beautiful word picture of theaims, aspirations and achievements ofthe Elks. He paid a touching tributeto brothers who had gone before."OPEN NIGHTS.Our store will beopen every night untilChri s t m a s.', commencing Saturdaynight, December 1 9,for the benefit ofChristmas shoppers.A. P. WHEELER & CO.(18-2t)BOURBON COUNTY MEDICALSOCIETY HOLDS MEETING.The annual meeting of the BourbonCounty Medical Society was held lastnight in the County Court room in thecourt house at seven o'clock. The following program was carried out:Discussion Dr. William Kenney,Dr. Frank Fithian and Dr. A. H.Keller.General Discussion.Report of the 1914 Cases of TyphoidFever Dr. J. T. Brown, Dr. FrankFithian, Dr. Dr. John M. Gilkey, Dr. S.M. Linville, Dr. It. L. Henry, Dr. W. G.Dailey.Report of Committees.Report of Cases(a) 1914 Typhoid Cases Drs. J.A. Gilkey, R. L. Henry, S. M. Linville,W. G. Dailey, et al.(b) "A Peculiar Case" J. T.Brown, M. D.(c) "Gun Shot Wound of the Abdomen'c J. M. Williams, M. D.(d) Acetonemia" Drs. Wm. Kenney, A. H. Keller, F. Fithian and C.G. Daugherty.(e) "Retinitis Pigmentosa," (twocases) Dr.- Milton J. Stern .G. Paper, "Acetonaemia and Acetonuria, Where Found, and Treatment"Dr. C. G. Daugherty.At this meeting the physicians tooklder consideration returning to theold monthly system with visits to theI country physicians in 1915BEAUTIFUL ENGRAVING.Call and see our samples of embossed Monogram Stationery, Engraved Private Greeting Cards, CallingCards, etc. Place your order now forthe holidav season.(.lS-2t) PARIS BOOK CO.HOOSIER KITCHEN CABINET.Will make the wife a grand Christmas present.A. F. WHEELER FURNITU :.-: CO.(ll-2t)COLD WEATHER WILL CHECVFOOT AND MOUTH DISEASE.According to a statement recentlygiven out by Dr. Jos. Kastle, head ot.Thf Kfiiitiickv Agricultural ExDeriment iStation, at Lexington, the cold snap weATA now exnerienciner will be an inval -uable aid in checking the ravages orfurther spread of the foot and mouthdisease which is now or has been epidemic among the cattle herds ot Central Kentucky. The spread of the dis-ease will be checked, lies aid. because ,the snow-covered fields will prevent jj the infected cattle from grazing and jleaving germs of the disease on the .weather alone is generally supposedto be favorable in the fight against themalady, consequently the. snow and theattendant cold weather was welcomedj by the farmers and stockmen.j . 'EDISONDIAMOND DISCPHONOGRAPHIs tUe Choice of Good'Dancerst because aood music is necessary forgood dancing... This instrument'ssplendid tone adds to dance music acharm that is otherwise lacking, and, the wonderful Edison mechanism inI sures the perfect uniform rhythm thatis 'so essential. Come and hea rthenew record which we have just received One Step, hesitation andBaxixe.L. Oberdorfer,The Druggist.' ;i?rit tlui'ABwl! WL; !"7 w bmr" . AfCf fi'- Pa VTHEOnlyiGifts ForLADI ESBracelet Watches,La Valliers,Hand Bags,Toilet Sets,Puff Boxes.Stone Set ChainsPrisian Ivory Novelties,Back Combs,Mesh Bags,Card Cases,Diamond Bar Pins,Diamond Rings,Sterling Novelties,New Party BoxesLingerie Pins.Gold Thimbles,Vanities.MlmlpSBiiiwi"i2 Our stock is unusually large and is representative of of the reliable lines we ever aimS to carry. Be sure and inspect our line of Platinum Dinner Rings and La Valliers, mounted2 witb genuine White Diamonds, in the newest and latest effects. 51 DON'T DELAY; BUY NOW iTHE HOUSE OF QUALITY FOR JEWELRY,SHIRE & FITHIANJ EAST TENNESSEE PHONE!NEWS OF SECRET ORDERS.Pans Chapter No. 167, O. E. S.,elected the following officers for theensuing year at a recent meeting:Worthy Matron Mary E. Highland.Worthy Patron Houston Rion.Associate Matron Elizabeth James.Secretary Evelyn Buck.Treasurer Cora Northcott.Conductress Ethel Rion.Associate Conductress SallieJ Thomas.1 Chaplain Joanna (. lareMarshal Gabrilla Bagby.Organist Mary Lou Dailey.Adah Mrs. Mann.Ruth Mrs. T. J. Flora.Esther Annie Keith.Martha Fairy Faulkner.Electa Ida Gilkey.Warden Dora Mernaugh.Sentinel J. S. Martin.Nineteen candidates received theSecond or Esquire Rank, at the regular meeting of Rathbone Lodge K. ofP. last night.At a meeting of Imperial Encampment, I. O. O. F., Wednesday night,the Golden Rule Degree was conferredon three candidates Jas. H. Batterton, Jan Smitz and Richard Stewart.The News would be glad to getnews of interest concerning the workings of all the local lodges. Sometimes some of the members of thelocal lodges are away from home on avisit or cannot attend. Such news aswould be of public interest will begladly used by the News, and we cordially invite the interested parties toue this column tor the purpose indicated. WeTliankYooFor your patronage during the year of 1914,and extend to you ourbest wishes for the NewYear and trust that success and prosperity willbe yours.Sincerely,Paris 0a$ $ kdric Co.(Incorporated.)ITIME DRAWS NEAR!Five More Shopping Days ThenCIKC R, I S T M -AJ3What Shall Your Holiday Gift Be?Scan These Suggestions;They MayJHelp You.Gifts ForM ENWatches New ThinModels,Waldemar Vest Chains,Signet and Set Rings,Fountain Pens,Military Brushes,Shaving Sets,Watch Fabs.Safety Razors,Cuff Buttons,Tie Holders, Scarf Pins,Emblem Charms,Sterling Belt Buckles,Traveling Sets,Pipes and Key Chains,Match Boxes,Cigar Lighters.And Avoid the Holiday Rush.Your Purchases Will-Be Cheerfully Held Until Christmas.288MMUMtMHMMttMttMtMMttMwttMMtMtMtttTe Busy Bee Basil store !Our Motto: "1 A BEAUTIFUL DISPLAY OF1 TOYS! Novelties, China, Glassware !5 At Remarkable Low Prices,CandiesOver 50 varieties to Select from, down to 1 0ca pound.Mixed NutsStrictly fresh, at 5c a pound.OrangesSweet and juicy, 20c a dozen.APPLES, BANANAS, CRANBERRIES, ETC.SHELLED NUTS, RAISINS, CURRANTS, ETC.iA LARGE ASSORTMENT OFFIRE WOR KS!Attention CSirfs and Boys !Save yotirTickets and try to get that beautiful$10.00 DOLL or that "Dandy" $10.00 WAG-vm tree ot charge,p Sanation.BigBargains In OurDepartment.BUSY BEE 6flSfl STOREFee's Old Stand, Main St., Paris, Ky.Gifts For MissesBirthstone Rines,' Lockets and chains'Bracelets,Maicure SetsSlipper Buckles.Small Wrist Watches,Hat Pins, Beauty Pins,Silver Vanities,Coin Holders.Gifts For BoysBoys Watches,Signet Rings,Pocket Knives,Cuff Buttons,Silver Pencils,Fountain Pens.:HOME PHONE 130 JMore For Less.79cm9mm95iifComccbee Dodgers for fullex-GroceryX ' " -x.' " jvjf"C-&v&-,vtL. 't,vTzr ,7(Cincinnati Enquirer.)51 is hard t-yr a man to mend hisw:Ti-, so tne patcnes won't show. yiauu reci uu iast evening, at tne nomerne world is .erowinj? better. But it 9would help some if man could be ar-Tested on a charge of Fragrancy. 'After a woman, has been married fortea years she is willing to bet that thePtffil 12 a married man.There are only a few Sure Thingsleli. One of them is that the girlswill never get their skirts so tightihai thev can't catch a man.After sizing up some of the wired-locking couples riding around in hackswith old shoes and white ribbons tiedto the rear of the vehicles, a man getsthe idea that we do not need a FoolKiller.Education, may be good stuff. But&ny gin woma ramer nave naturallyctirley hair than a degree from Vassar.As iar as popularity is concerned,the fellow who can't tell you anything without sticking his mouth invosr face and sprinkling you, runs aclce race with Old Man Smallpox andOM Man Castor Oil. JWhen Duty calls, most of us rollorer in the hay and pound the otherear.A man sW do a whole lot of thingslor his wife. But he seldom gets theIt5ea into his head that he shouldteach her how to shoot a revolver.The only :ime a woman is everspeechless with astonishment is whena man in a crowded car gets up andoffers her his seat.A doctor doesn't have to wait fourvpars like other people. Heattendsinaugural bawls two or three times aweek.lAfter watching some of the new society dances a man wonders why thereisn't sawdust on the floor and he lookspaound for a keg of beer at the end ofthe hall.Somehow or other the fellow whoregards your friendship as a ShakeYell After Using proposition seemst o get along as well as the rest ofWhen a man gets home and takescli a tight shoe and caresses a burning corn he gets some idea of howrood is makes a fat woman feel tov-sl a straight front off and rub thevclts.Some of the wealthy society womenwho are arguing that a girl can liveco $6 per week and be good, couldn'tY crood if they had to live on $60 perweek. IMoreEconomicalBoth in Useand CostCALUMETBAKING POWDERAnd it doesbetter work. Simply follow your customary method of preparation add a littleless of Calumet thanwhen using ordinarybaking powder. Thenwatch the result.L.i ght , fluff'', and eveny raised the bakingcomes from the ovenmore tempting, tastier,more wholesome.Calumet insures thebaking of an expert. Askyour grocer today.ReceivedHighest.pjwwr . k . fu ajBL, iff kU-j--1,SKEtgSfBrBSg Si i - Sill I x-iaaUf :!' '! v v's' S5!S9ifcyzZk& Gzt&rA H1 IMTUA! 141 IAmiripfl Iftfc v VtUL 11.ne Pupils of Miss Betsy Ray gave aMiss Ray s parents. Mr. and Mrs.?iney Ray, on Higgins avenue. An'"reeling program was renaerea Dytne,. V0UnS people to an ap reciativeudience follows:&. The Honey Bee Holmes& The Chrysanthemum Show. HolmesMarie Payne and Pupils.By the Brookside Tours, Julius Herrick.ance OI memanoneue eansEddie Munich.Santa Claus Guards KrogmannMary Payne.a. Creep Into Bed My Baby..BelassoElizabeth Stuart Carter.Nannette Arkle at the Pi no.b. The Feny for Slumbertown.MorganAlma Louise Goldstine.Dance of Gnomes .BohmThe Merry Bobolink ..KrogmannMary Frances Woods,a. When I Do Wrong ..Clarkb. A Bird's Question HadleyEddie Munich and Julius Herrick.a. The Bird Nest Bilbrob. Rockaby BilbroSusan Logan Howaid.a. On The Meadow Lichnerb. Sweet Violet HeinsNannette Arkle.Danse Semplice RathbunRalph Connell and Julius Herrick.A Christmas Letter BilbroMary Frances Woods.Moonlight Dance KernMargaret Speakes.The Robin's Lullaby KrogmannElizabeth Stuart Carter.A Young Person We Know BilbroSusan Logan Howard.Dance of the Stars GodardMarguerite Highland.a. At Twilight ...Ganschalsb. Happy Go Lucky LangeVirginia Hancock.Swing, Cradle, Swing .GrindellLouise Collier.Waltz Come, Pussy ! LindsayMartha Miller Coliier.Valse Arabesque Lackneien oain.Cradle Song PrentissMane Payne.Alma Louise Goldstine at the Piano.The Jovful Peasant SchumannVirginia Dundon. jValse. DurandiJulius Herrick.WhoWillBuyMyRosesRed?SchleiffarthPupils.a.b.a.b.Souvenir LichnerThe Shepherd's Song KernMary McWilliams.Ballet des Papillons GodardBathers Refrain WachAlma Louise Goldstine.ATTENTION, SHOPPERS!Wliile doing your Christmas shopping call at my store and you willfind some very pretty and useful presents. I have the largest and mostbeautiful line of hair goods in CentralKentucky all styles and prices. Imanufacture your hair in any styleyou want. Many novelties, etc., toonumerous to mention. Best guaranteed hair restorer in the world.(ll-4t) MRS. M. A. PATON.THE HEARTLESS BYSTANDER.The scene was on a boulevard, a girlwas standing there,Her face was flushed with anger asshe saw some rude men stare;The girl was losing something, andshe was in deep distress.And, wliile the cruel world passed by,the girl clutched at her dress.At last she spoke unto a man "Oh,sir," she said, "will youBe kind enough to lend a working girla pin or two?"The heartless wrethch turned with asneer, and said to her, "Nay.nay!"And as he started for to go, thesewords he heard her say:Chorus:"Some day you, too, will know distress, and trouble you will meet,Some day you'll have to stand and askassistance on the street;And other men will stare at you, andpass you with a grinThe man who wouldn't lend an honestworking girl a pin."STERLING SILVER.Sterling silver novelties, new, novel andian's. xYou see real widows wearing weeds.But you never see divorced widowswearing "Keep off the grass" sign.The old-fashioned man who used topay a" dollar a quart for TamarackTonic at the drug store now has a sonwho pays 15 cents a dose for the samestuff in a saloon.ORANGES.Any price from 15 cents to 50 centsper dozen.15-tf)C. P. COOK & CO.XmasGoodiesLet Usfill YourOrder.ChristmasShelled Pecans, 50c the poundOranges, 15c and up per dozenBulk and Fancy Box CandiesFancy Fruits and Nuts o! AlKfnds.ORDERS FOR ICES OF ALLHUBS FIOMFTLY FILLED.GITE A HOOSIER CABINETForThe Hoosier Saves Miles of Stes.It will save steps in your home. ' It saves supplies; itsaves waste; it saves time and energy.Nothing you could put in your home will do so much,for your wife or mother as this wonderful new HoosierCabinet.I 40 Labor-SavingI tirely New.2 This Hoosier has all the practical conveniences thatj have been suggested by thousands of owners. Not aX ' single practical suggestion for its improvement has beenmade since we have had it on the floor.20,000 Hoosier Cabinets were given for Christmaslast year. This year the demand will be greater, and oursupply will undoubtedly be exhausted. Come early.Make your selection while our stock is complete. If yourwife isn't delighted with your choice! we will refund yourmoney. ' ,Then, after that, a dollar a week until you havecompleted the small cash price fixed by the HoosierCompany. No extra fees, no interest.Until you have examined the Hoosier Cabinet,you can't appreciate its beautiful finish, its rigid construction, and its wonderful convenience. But themere fact that 700,000 people already have boughtA. F.Main Street.NOTICE.Paris, Ky., December 5, 1914.I Notice1 to Physicians and Heads ofFamilies:The law requires that all contagiousand infectious diseases be madeknown to the Board of Health asearly as a diagnosis of the diseaseis mae. The penalty for failure is$5 for each day thereafter not so reported. Will it not reasonably occurto the responsible party that almostirreparable results may follow negligence in this matter? Please be governed by the law.A. H. KELLER,President of the Health Board.(8dec-tf)WILL SAVE YOU MONEY.Don't fail to read our advertisementon page three of this issue. We willsave you money on groceries. Bringthe cash to our store and get morethan you can elesewhere. Read ourprices.(15-4t) T. C. LENIHAN.TO THEANDESPECIALLY THE FARMERS !I HAVE OBTAINED A LICENSE AS ANAUCTIONEERI have practiced the profession or a number ofyears and am a good one. I solicit the trade of thepublic in this line. Anything you have to sell in $way ofReal Estate, FarmJProduct, HouseholdKitchen Furniture, Stock, Crob, Etc.will be sold by me at a reasonable price. Give mea chance at you' business' I will guarantee to getas high a price as any auctioneer in the State. Callme over either phone, or, better still, call at myplace of business. Phones: Cumberland 226, -Home242.Morris VangroffProp. Paris Furniture Co. ,Christmas This YearFeatures 1 7 En-"PAY ONLY $1.00WheelerTURKEYS.Give us your order and know thatyou will have one ready. '15-tf) C. P. COOK & CO.A Highbrow states that there are 1,000,000 too many women in the UnitedStates. And there are 1,000,000 husbands in the United States who willagree with him.jWhat has become of the old-fashionedgirl who used to hang her danceprogiams over the gas jet beside herdresser?DO YOUR BUYING EARLYAND AVOID BIG CROWDS.Remember the crowds thatthronged the stores last Christmas when you were buyingyour presents. Avoid thesecrowds now by doing yourshopping early.PUBLICor716; Main Street.m 1r 'iians HaKll3ipJllcRBKIIffBcHsl -m ZrLiniMQ!?l'tHEliHtfll za " "Bis IB DIHfeS '-yyliB gF '4iHlibHfili ml HHlH ' 1BSFVBSBSMMj SSSWvr iiil & mSVSIbBSm 'L?HMalulHliW B dsMMIW . i-ijItt "i Hr- ,s" v : WBSSSMBffllKiBSSB'FS9Bj ' -fi2iS4BHHBBBjBsssssr k"7"Wht BtauiAim m btfb MwHoosiers, and are delighted with them, is your safeguard. Any one of them had the privilege of receiving their money back if they were not pleased.Not one Hoosier owner has asked for her money.Come in tomorrow and let us show you whatthe Hoosier will mean in your home before it is toolate to get it for Christmas.Furniture Co.CHAS. GREEN, ManagerYou might imagine that a homelygirl would be grateful to a man formarrying her. But after she gets youshe will roast you just as much as ifshe was the prettiest thing in townwhen you snared her.'COLD DAYS."The "cold day' will hit you, don'twatch out." Better see about that gasheater to-day, and not let another coldspell catch you unprepared.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.THEf&i llX- ir-- k n xefffe'IP 111 fi3Z&BL In Taa.rar m.r$v. w lwum:Mm 'smBwi sssnsmlii HVmimm aHMmmm-i--z?Jmmmm'vlliSBwisiiinBBlilKS if fSfj IIFW ".BBBftWhen making an investment it is absolutely FOOLISH iifor a man to send his money aT 1 I 1 1someDoay wno nas not gooa enougn stanamg ai nome to stH nhis Get-rich-quick schemes THERE. " i 1 jWhen he invests at home and WATGHES what he?3 ;does a man often gets "plucked."We will cheerfully giveat any time. We may save youMake OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLESCAPITAL $I50,OM.MSlimilS SOfiMMSTOCMOlMtS' LIMH.ITY-. . . l5f,O0.Ni -X-'i' r "VM4 I J :A - T M 1yOpp. Court House.FINE WHISKIES.'JPlace your order early with Ed SJt-ltery for the finest wines and wkfe-kies in Paris. (xyA man might possrjly use that fatside vest pocket once a year. Btwhy is the belt on the back of Mtovercoat? " TCHOICEST OF FRUITS.Fruits, candies, mixed nuts of allkinds, for the holidays, at(8-5t) , TOM LONGO'S !"PRUDE NT MAN'TAKES NOLONGCHANCESHEKEEPSHIS ;MONEYSAFEINTHEBANKo-kS;jiVilong way off and trust i? to TV1 1 f ft I t ,s'"v:ryou our opinion on investmQ$k ,a loss.Wi vtrA' f " K1Pfft"Iftgt -rto iMsitots. ,:r ., ...$mo,ooii'?! J,9"Be Stre wdGet Yr's WorthnawmT..,4i vi mh; v?". rj. - T .ww -- --TS. '.&'. :e'VMfUvVW- - t . V. . - i ttui. ,rst- vn . 'aJt'ttlOtlll41HlllilllltMMMltfllllllMllllimHb a."rwi. - - j, i- ' t s r nt. X, MDf$ROPrM4iiit.c. Cthomm.. Ito?$-- ," C3XAiwMir3S'T?V-"n.i '-ik-v' -w y-$v-'.. '' -, , -CORNER SIH MID WitTelephones No. 36V, ;.sl,Abbbbbbbbbbbb1 bbbb? bbbbbbbb bbbbibbbbI bbbbb VbbbI "bbbW bbbbI BBBBr bbbbV bbbkBVv Bv)-je ,--fe'ws. "BBBbIBBBkbBBBB IBBBTBBBBKBBBBBBBBB-flBBBBBr'BBBBE'''BBBM:' . bbbbbbbbbbbb.bbbbbbbbbt VAbV BbbbbI bbbbbbbbh BBBBflBBBBi bbbBm bbbbm bbbbI bbbbbbbbv bbbbbbm EbbbI bbbbI bbbbbbi bbbbbbbBBBBBBBlBfl 'bbbbb a ' B A BBBflBBBfl BBBm-bbbbM 'bbbbI 'bbbt bbbbbbI bbbbbbbI mm H Hbbb mmm bb1 BB bb1 bb1 Mm bsbb mm H bI Ibbt'H bbhbb bbv bst BbS bsBM BBI BB' BBBBBI BBBBBi BBI fll 1 -BB 'BBI BBm 1 BBI BI BBI B1BBI BBI BBIBB1 BBI BBI BBI BBI BBI' H bbbbbI bbbbbI' bbI H -bbI bbI bbI BybI I H II B Hwal H' H " HbbI bbbmbb! bbbbbb ; b1 bbI bbbbbbb!' bbI b! vbm bbV ftaf bbm Btbh EbI bbI bbT bVbbI bbB bbH "'bbI bbI bbpbTbbI bbI bb vJ vj H H TbIbb!-- B Bm BBihCVi ii mi ii viiBbvSZbFbUbbbbbbbbI -l ir.1 TiB t 1 b vaHVQ' ftS t . ss -zzl ls c :'imlh-ixItu?,1w iBBBBBBBfi?,7yE," &00IbbbbWPIt " W xSftyMHIWr uci$ciuHiEB . 1T-.v"f2BBAfBHBBnSn tSLriZ'BBBBw3S&gflSdV - .jiikii --VBBPrBBSMlrLi I-W - ' MBMWr" Civ -'k? , yW JjUmStT l&?v" fc iTTTir" lBiBA ii "nil -"SSo :..k L. Tllfft, S.j " '3TX1. - J -iHI ftatf' . lBfX ' .-' V 1 wiaiXZ3--r'ioJ... "' ' v ,.-- '- Cr. . . . I i fc 'BIS5ELL5 neWV-CVCO" BALL B BARINGCARPET SWEEPERMAKES A SENSIBLESUITABLE CHRISTMAS GIFTFOR MOTHER .WIFE. SISTER ORFRIEND - AT ALL PRICESESJRWJBUii " ii iitii.r.Jbn,r0&rj s . m j Ji.rT -J" fBfcrr? yz-'---LXw-sjg bbKbbvI'iV ii y IKp---xJV aSBJBBBM Ptgw lNOTE OUR OTHER ftSUGGESTIONS-SOMETHING FOREVERYBODY." "SSIKjfer. TfiSflHlBBl-ttww ''::MiJL:;:i.4 Sensibie Christmas Presents-Buy Them Here !DON'T WASTE MONEY ON TRASH!Have Your Presents. Put Aside Now and Delivered When YouWish. Extra Inducements to Cash Buyers.mI HH IWW ilffcSiU33 j3IS 8w,r? t EiMmsHBjjjBffiMBBBBWiii'BBBjMpffTBBBPBBCK J'iiLjTHISSewing ChairIs one of the VERY NICESTarticles for a Ladies' Present, It has a concealedrecepticle for thread, scissors, needles, etc. Alsosee ourLadies' WritingDesks and' SewingTablesDoll Beds, Velocipedes,Coasters, Go-Carts, Chairs,Sanitary Table Chairs, CribsFor the Little PolksHennecke Statuary,Hoosier Vacuum Cleaner!Kindel DavenportsAre the Acme of Davenport Construction.Give Yourself One For Christmasand you will shake hands with yourselfEVERY DAYThe PEER of all ChristmasPresents is a. . McDougall Kitchen Cabinet .A set of Grand Aluminum Ware FREE withevery Roll Front Cabinet. The McDougall isthe Best made. A small payment gets one.We Are Open NightsGoods Delivered at YourConvenienceChristmas Comes this Year on25 th!!Buy Here and Begin Right!Buy Here and End Right !1 HE J ii.I rl if II1 11 tl II IffILA i III II! Ill I1 1 IISB. L I II iWn r- J " f ll 14 IWe are showing themost complete lineI 0? BRASS andIRON BEDSWc have ever shown. TheyMake Desirable Presents.We Trjr HardTo Give The Best Values For YourcTWoney. Look Our Offerings OverFor lie ManTheseChairsHaveNoEqual"Push The BtlttMHUld Rett.flMHLQBlYW sl.-' Hmmi." r w -vPkl Jar&lHBs!m3BJbbbbbbbXDHrbbbt -rtB I VrtiOLSat'L'You Can Find It HerePictures, Candlesticks, Mirrors, Pedestals, Jardiniers,Rugs, Davenports, Folding Beds, Dressers, Chifforobes!Brass Beds, Buffets, China Cases, Sewing Tables, Din-Chairs, Extension Tables,Martha Washington Sewing Tables,Iiibrary Tables, Sanitary Couches, Blacking Cases,Cheval Mirrors, Rocker, Writing Desks,Dressing Tables,Music Cabinets, Piano Benches, More Pictures, TableCovers, Wood Mantels, Linoleums. Mattresses, BlanketsComforts, 'Globe Wernike Book Cases,Some Pictures, Carpet Sweepers, Easy Chairs, Costumers, Book Ends, Electroliers, Sanitary Couches Refrfe; erators, Iron BedsrAND PICTURESB.ur Early While "Picking isGood"Delivered on DemandTNCOiK. .tin"?IbbMVAbbI BBI BBiBBM " bLJ H. I BTBiGorJlsmain! Phones 36.- w---.? i i -ft-t.-pwmm-H 1 1 K. mmmmi Tift iWIMlTg 'I'fa"! 'VjVZM-" rV'A-THE BOURBON NEWS PARISH KY., DECEMBER. 18 1914V..-HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADETHE PLACE.The good jewelryonly comes fromWinfiers'. (lS-Ot)OPEN NIGHTS.We are now open nights. We offera ery extensive line of Christmaspresents. Come in and select yoursnow.(It) THE J. T. IIINTON CO.CHOICE INVOICE OF FRESH NUTSMixed nuts of all kinds, at(x) TOM LONGO'S.YOUR CHRISTMAS CAKES.Leave your order for what cakes youvant. AC. P. COOK oc CO.BOX SUPPER.The Ladies' Aid Society of the Mt.Carmel Christian church will give aYqk supper at the church on Saturday,Dec. 19.GIFT NECKWEAR.Our prices start at 25c. Our sp ialty is neckwear ut 50c and 75c. Putip in beautitul holiday boxes free.J. W. DAVIS & CO.DRESSED FOWLS.All kinds of dressed fowls for to-dayand to-morrow ducks, chickens, turkeys, etc. Oysters, celery and cranberries just received. Green vegetapTes, etc.Ut) KELLER GROCERY CODOLL GO-CARTS.See our line of Go-Carts, for thedollA. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO., (H-2t)SCHOOL ENTERTAINMENTThe pupils of the LitjJe Rock Graded School will give an entertainmentat the school building this evening at7:30. The program will include musicand a minstrel performance.SILVER TEA.The Ladies' Catholic League willliave a silver tea at their hall on Highstreet this afternoon trom 3 to 5. It isfor the benefit of the "White Christmas" and all are invited to bi mg theirpocketbook.GOOD APPLES.Not cheap apples, but good apples.Winesaps and Albamarle Pippins.C. P. COOK CO.BOX SUPPER.The pupils of the Kiserton school, ofwhich Miss Ira Oder is the teacher,will give a box supper" at the school tonight, the proceeds to be devoted tothe benefit of the school. The friendsand patrons of the school are invitedto attend.CHOICE INVOICE OF FRESH NUTSMixed nuts of all kinds, atix) TOM LONGO'S.ARE THE BEST.McDUOGALL KITCHEN CABINETS are the ONLY kitchen will lullroll fronts. McDOUGALL cabinets areBEST made. Set of aluminum warefree.(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.ORANGES BY THE BOX.Call earlv and get the size you want.C. P. COOK & CO.ENTERTAINMENT ANDCHRISTMAS TREE.There will be an entertainment andCMiristmas tree by the Bethlehemschool Christmas eve night, December24, at the Bethlehem church. Muchtime has been, given by the teachernd pupils. An interesting programwill be arranged, consisting of tableaux, music, monologues, dialogs andrecitations. Everybody is cordiallyimited. Admission only 10 cents.?Iiss Xancy Sons is teacher.BOYS' AND MEN'S SWEATERS.Ideal gifts. The well-known Bradleymake, from $2.50 to 10..J. W. DAVIS & CO. 'CHRISTMAS WHISHIES.The famous Wigglesworth whiskey,3 vears old, only $2.00 per gallon.Eighth ear-old Sam Clay, in fullquart bottles, only 1.00 per quart, atour Main street and Tenth streetsaloons.tlS-2) JOHN JOHNSON.a. TURKEYS.Ghe us our order and know thatyou will haVe 'one ready.C. P. COOK & CO.D. A. R. SOCIALS." At their meeting held on Saturdaythe Jemima Johnson Chapter, D. A.tl.-, decided to inaugurate a series ofsocial meetings at which Ave hostesses'chosen from the members, will servea lunch. The hostesses appointed to-erve the lunch at v the next meetingare Mrs. Thos. H. Clay, Jr., Mrs.tfrice Steele, Misses Lilleston andMiss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft.A charter roll call, at which eahmember will answer with the name otthe ancestor through whom they wereeligible to the D. A. R., -ith a brielsketch of his service to his country,will be another feature of tfce 'nexticeetiag.SOCIAL AND PERSONALMiss Julia Wilson, of Dallas, Texm a1 guest of Mrs. Jasper OffuttrM.rC' !CIay llas returnedLom a stay at -Martinsville, Ind.Mr. Harry Moreland, of St. Louis,is a guest of relatives in ParisMrs. John Towles has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in MaysvilleMrs. Nathan Bayless is ' slowly improving from the effects of a recent severe illness.s EveliQe Chandler has goneto Webster, Florida, where she willspend the winter.Mr. and Mrs. James D. Burnawhave as sruests Mr. and Mrs. G. DBerry, of Seattle, Wash.Mr. S. Yungkau, of Ashland, is aguest of Mr. and Mrs. Louis AVollstein, on Pleasant street.ri."Mr- Noah Spears has arrived fromChicago, to be the guest of his mother,Mrs Georgia Spears, for the Christmasnohdays.Mr Lucien Amsparger is at hometrom the Staunton Military Academy,at Staunton, Virginia, for the Christmas holidays.Mr. Lynn Lail has returned tohis home in Lexington, after a visit tohis grandmother, Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth,on Stoner avenue.Mr- A. D. Sylvester has arrived inParis to take charge of the new construction work on the Louisville &Nashville, near Paris.Misses Lucy and Stella Dawson,who have been guests of Mrs. MaryBradley, on Higgins avenue, have returned to their homes in Cincinnati.Miss Frances Charnpe, who hasbeen attending school at the MaryBaldwin Seminary, in Staunton, Virginia, will arrive tonight, to spend theChristmas holidays with her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Swift Charnpe.Mr. Duke Brown returned to-dayfrom school at Charlottesville, Va. Hissister, Miss Elizabeth Brown, is athome from Bartholomew College, atCincinnati. Both will spend theChristmas holidays with their father,Dr. J. T. Brown.Miss Nellie Farrell has resignedher position as stenographer in theoffice of Harris & Speakes, and hasassumed the duties of bookkeeper forThomas, Woodford & Bryan in theirinsurance business at theDeposit andPeoples' Bank.The ladies of the Episcopal churchand the Altar Guild met at'the churchTuesday afternoon. Work was donefor the "White Christmas." On Saturday the Altar Guild will give its annual Christmas sale. The place willbe announced later on.Mr. Cas.3ius Clay, son of Mrs. C.M. Clay, of this county, a member ofthe freshmen class at Yale College,has secured the Southern scholarship,having passed the best examinationsin his class for that honor. Mr. Clayis a brilliant young man and his manyfriends are proud of his success.Prof. Prentice Lancaster, of theHigh School teaching staff, entertained the members ot the High Schoolfootball team at his home on Seventhstreet, on Wednesday evening, with adining, in which the decorations andthe menu partook of football expressions. The menu cards were lacedfootballs.The debating classes ot the ParisHigh School held an interesting debate in the Auditorium of the HighSchool building last night. The subject was, "Resolved: That Athleticsis the Best Subject in the SchoolCurriculum for the Development ofMoral Character." The affirmativewas presented by Altfert Lavin andRaymond Connell, for the Sophomores,and the negative by Thomas Burnsand Fred Merrimee, for the Juniors.After the debate a Christmas playlet,"The Vestal Virgins," was given by thegirls of the High School. The ParisHigh School Orchestra furnished music for the occasion.(Other Personals on Page S.)WHY SUFFER WITH RHEUMATISMWhy suffer another minute? Vanishing Rheumatic Powder will cureyou. If your druggist will not supply you, send us $1.00for a full sizebottle.BAYLESS REMEDY COMPANY.(4-St) Lexington, Ky.D. OF C. MEETING.The last meeting of the Daughters, of the Confederacy for the year will be! held in their room in the court housetomorrow afternoon at 2:30 o'clock. AI full attendance is most earnestly asked, as there will be business of importance to be transacted, in which allshould participate.FANCY NUTS IN SHELL.There isn't a store in Paris that canequal them. !C. P. COOK &. CO. IICONTEMPT OF COURT. J"Asserting that the signing of peti-1tions urging clemency for George Al-1exander, president of the defunct A1-!exander Bank, "constitutes in itself)contempt of court and compounding a tfelony," County Attorney Geo. Bat- jterton has announced his intention ofpresenting the matter for the consider-1ation of the grand jury at the March jterm of the Bourboa Circuit Coirrt tov.hat is said to be an extraordinary)situation.DRESSED FOWLS AT PORTER'SFor the Christmas market, dressedturkeys, all sizes; also nice, fresh oysters, 25 cents per quart. Our freshmeats are Government i&spected.PARIS MSAT MARKET,lit) X H. PORTER.. rTHE BEAL THING.See Winkers' Eiamond Rirts for$3.75. 1 4-kt mounting and good diamonds. (18-lt)$1.00 PER QUART.To a quart of eight year old SamQlay. $1 per quart, at Ed. Slattsry's.00 , -" - - r - .rFIRE AT MILLERSBURGCAUSES $1,500 LOSS.The barber shop of J. R. Tankersley, located on Fifth street, in Millers-burg, was visited Tuesday night by a :fire of unknown origin, entailing a lossestimated at $1,500. The fire originated in a clothes pressing establishmenton the second floor of -the building inwhich the barber shop was located.The fire for a time seemed destined todestroy the Farmers' Bank, the postoffice and the Millersburg Home Telephone Exchange, and other nearbybuildings, but the local fire deparmentby splendid work, prevented the further spread of the flames.Fire, wind and lightning Insurance. Thomas, Woodford & BryanTO THE PEN.Foru prisoners, convicted and sentenced to the Frankfort Reformatoryat the November term of the BourbonCircuit Court, all of whom pleadedguilty to the charges aginst them,were taken to Frankfort by DeputySheriff J. O. Marshall, Tuesday. Theprisoners were Wm. Burton, white,forgery, two years and one day; JesseKeith, colored, striking and-woundingwith intent to kill, one year and onedey; Henry Johnson, colored, housebreaking, one year and one day; Wm.Day, colored, robbery, one year andone day.CAPS ARE PRACTICAL GIFTS., Always useful. Prices start at 50c.Fur caps for-Jjoys and men $2 up.t J. W. DAVIS & CO.HOME-MADE CAKES.We se4l Mrs. Elgin's famous homemade black calces. None, better.Phone in your order to-day.(It) KELLER GROCERY CO.Y. M. C. A. SUBSIDIARY.A club has been organized at Carlisle, which will perfect the organization of a special Y. M. C. A. circle,which will provide for lecture3 to bedelivered weekly, beginning December28. The speakers will be providedthrough the Y. M. C. A.GOOD CANDY.Trv Mrs. Cook's home-made candy.C. P. COOK & CO.CLAY'S SAUSAGE.Insist upon Clay's sausage15-5tDRAMATIC AND MUSICAL RECITALUnder the auspicsui ot the Clintonville Bible School, Misses Grace Harris and Peggie Daniels of the DormerSchool of Drama and Musical Arts,will givo a lecital at the ClintonvilleChristian church Wednesday evening,December 23.ONLY THE BEST:The best alwaysfrom Winters in thejewelry line. Nevermisrepresent anything. (18-lt)THE NEW CASH SHOE STORE.Just received a new line of Nettletonshoes in all leathers, tan, ici andchrome calf. Newest in English lastsnew shoes, new styles.(x)GEO. :mcvilltams.IN THE SPRINGTIMEA young man's lancy lightly turnstoward thoughts of love, but now ourthoughts are all for how to keep comtortable. The answer is to buy a gasheater trom the Paris Gas & ElectricCo. Don't wait until spring. (It)GARLAND GAS HEATERS.Don't delay installing that gasheater. Call and inspect our line otGarland and Ironton Gas Heaters.Ut) PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.NOTICE.AH parties arc herebywarned against the use offireworks on the streets ofParis. It is against the law;and is most dangerous. Ihave notified the police torigidly enforce the law.j. i . mm jvfinayui ."NEVER Mli THEWEATHER SO THEWIND DON'T BLOWiPhotographs taken by artificiallight, rain or shine.Only a few days left and a big-rushon hand. First come, first serve"d...I work day and night. Forget thetelephone positively no calls answered. 4. R. jOIINS(15-4t)Artiktic PhotographerTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Editor Ardery, of the Paris Democrat, wants to know what has. becomeof the sleighs in Bourbon county.More than likely they have beentaken in as part payment on the newautomobile, along with a few hundredacres of the old farm!CHRISTMAS WHISKIES.The famous Wigglesworth whiskey,3 years old, only $1.00 per quart.Eight-year-old Sam Clay, in fullquart bottles, only $1.00 per quart atour Main street and Tenth , streetsaloons.(18-2) JOHN JOHNSON.THINK OP IT.Diamond Rings atthe reliable Wintersstore for $3.75 to$1,000.00.(18-lt)SCHOOL TO ENTERTAIN.A Christmas entertainment will begiven by the pupils of the Catholicschool at their school building, to-morrowevening, at 7:30 o'clock. An ad--missionof ten cents will be charged.FANCY CHEESE.Edam, Pineapple, Roqueford, Neufshatel and New York Cream Cheese.. C. P. COOK & CO.A Puzzle!You surely don't want to slight anyone in your familyjyou want to makethem happy with a Christmas gift, butit takes so much money and you can'taffordit. We can solve the puzzle foryou. Come to theCincinnati Store'sClosing OutSaleand get your presents for half theprice you would have to pay in theother stores. Give us a call and convince yourself.i cuciiTi milB. FRIEDMAN, Prop.n wQe3aoaePCcea ojj g!sV.mk Victrolait purse::tflfc Comeand iindiv-1ir MariSuggestionsIThis season's holiday line is the most complete andvaried we've ever displayed. Here you'll be sure to findsomething for every one on your Ohristmas list. A fewsuggestions are given to aid you in your Christmas shopping: Perfumes, Mirrors, Stationery, Fountain Pens,Collar Bags, Toilet Sets, Jewel Boxes, wToilet Sets, Auto Stationery, Safety Razors,Manicure Sets, Post Cards, Toilet Waters,Parisian Ivory Goods, Leather Card CasesPipes, Shaving Sets, CigarsRaphael Tuck Sons' and D.ennison's Christmas Seals,Cards, Tags, Etc.Come in with your friends you'll enjoy your visit.The more choice gifts are selling fast make your seleions to-day reserve them until Christmas week..iThe Ardery Drug Co.Clarke's Old Stand.Gifts that EndureThe very air is now charged with the spirit ofgiving, for Christmas will soon be here.The choice and preferred gift is the one thatendures, because it suggests the continuity of loveaod friendship. Such gifts you will find at thisstore.Our reputation for absolute honesty' and squaredealing; extending over a period of sixty years, protects you in every purchase made here.We will be glad to assist you in making yourseleclions, which we will reserve for you.Come in to-day.?This is aVictor-VictroUByFfc-Wyy V C7 X JpJliflliilP'' lK MMr Ef LVL J IWhy not put a Victor-Victrolain your home this Christmas?The musical instrument that every onej. can play; that every one can afford.Its remarkable variety of music and entertain-"!I ment gives pleasure to every one, and its won-k denul tone is a delight every day in$ You surely don't want to be without a Victor-in your home; and you don't need tobe for there's a Victor-Victrola to$15, $25, $40, $50, $75, Si 00,m today and hear this "wonderfulout about our easy terms. -Daughertij BrosFif rti and Main Sts."" " V)ForChristiiiaSiX. $7SIufff r jV ithe year.suit everySi 50, $200.instrumentmXIxx Ai) -pdvi'-?&Xv-JKJy'"-V '. ." rZr'Vl V -"'.. i-T:" r1-v -s' - V- St. , - fTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., DECEMBER 18 1914i11'llt'I11:ElCOW. BURKE,President.1 Tobacco Warehouse Co.1X1 JzLi-JiSb-" J. &D-fJLjjQjSaturday, Dec.Second househandled the pastLowest sellingtucky.We solicit your patronage and guarantee courteoustreatment and prompt service.NOTICE.JDr. W. C. Wilkerson, formerly ofXattle Rock, has opened an office intk Deposit and Peoples Bank BuildJC on Main Street, for the practiceoT liis profession.Dr. Wilkerson has been a practicingphysician in Bourbon county for thepast twenty-eight years.W. C. WILKERSON,Home Phone, 3C9; Cumb.' Phone, 741.lgec-tf) Paris, Ky.FOR SALEHandsome Antique, Solid Mahogany Wardrobe, claw feet. Photo ofsame will be furnished on application..AddressTHE BOURBON NEWS,(t Paris, Ky.A ModelBarberShop4--CHAIRS-432xpert and polite Barbers.All the latest requirements and san.itarjr equipments that it takes to makea. modern shop. Newly papered and:ptiated. Hot and cold baths.Cutting of children's hair a speci-No long waits at our shop. Youjue Invited to call.RUSS CORBIN,Opposite Fordham Hotel.(17-lmoJATRITIOIt PEOPLE!t.Do You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome and See.- OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.I SPIGER&6ILGHRIST i9ELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101H. S. CAYWOOD,Vice-President.The BourbonParis, Ky.ANNOUNCE THEIRFORTOMORROWin Kentucky in amount of businessseason.fees of any houseWinter TouristRatesRound trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale dally from Oct. 1st, 1914, toApril 30, 1915, to all principal touristpoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico,Texas and Havana, Cuba, with finalreturn limit May 31, 1915, with verylibeval stop-over privileges. Also lowround-trip Home-Seekers tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, Louisianaand Mississippi, on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month, with finalreturn limit vfteen days from date ofsale. For further information, call onor address,J. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS. Agt.PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.Lve. Court House. Lve. Station 547:10 a m7.45 am '8.15 a m8.45" a m.9.15 a m9.45 a m10.15 a m10.45 a m .?"11.15 a m11.45 a m12:05 p m12.45 p m1.15 p m1.45 p m2.15 p m2.45 p m3.15 p m3.45 p m4.15 p m5.15 p m5.40 p m6.05 p m6.30 p mCity Limits Only.7.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p ni3.00 p in3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00. p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m6.40 p mKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a mLeaKre Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m' 4:30 p m- 5:15 p' m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 ,p m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p ei2:50 q. id3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 j m11:00 p mDaily except Sunday,e10:05 p mJNO. T. COLLINS,Manager.1 9thiin CentralKen-Xi;PROMPT ACTION WILLj STOP YOUR COUGH.I When you first catch a ColJ (ofteni indicated by a sneeze or comreakdoesiousInchthede-lit up 'at once. The idea thatjnot matter" often leads incomplications. The renidnimmediately and easily penetlining of the throat is theI manaed. Dr. King's NewD is .x veryiowumua uiu lrrirnLirm nneano ti,phlem. You feel better at once. "Itseemed to reach the very spot of myCough" is one of the manv honest testimonials. qOc at your Druggist.(adv-dec)I -uu YOUR SHOPPING EARLY"He giveth twice who givethquickly." Equally does he givetwice who shoppeth early andsendeth his present so that itwill arrive on time. Do yourshopping to-day; send yourpresents to-morrow.Severe Head' PainsCaused By CatarrhCured By PerunaI Feel Ita Duty toMankindto Let AllKnow ofMy Cure.PerunaDid It.Mr. TV. H. Chanel', R. F. D. 2.Sutherlin, Pittsylvania Co., "Va..writes: "For the past twelve monthsI have been a sufferer from catarrhof the head. Since taking four bottles of your- Peruna I feel like adifferent person altogether. The severe pains in my head have disappeared, and my entire system hasbeen greatly strengthened."This Is my first testimonial to thecurative qualities of any patentmedicine. I feel It a duty to mankind to let them know of Peruna.In my estimation it is the greatest; medicine on earth for catarrh."j "We have thousands of testimonialsj like Mr. Chaneys. Some of themJ were cured after years of sufferingj and disappointment in finding aremedy.I Send for free copy of "Ills of Life."j The Peruna Co., Columbus, Ohio.I Those who object to licfuid medicines can' now procure Peruna .Tablets.HONOR ROLL OF PARISPUBLIC SCHOOLS FOR NOVEMBERThe November Honor Roll of theParis Public Schools, which is printedin this issue, shows the pupns u.remaintaining the usual high averagesmade in this school.GRADE I-AVirginia1 E. Allen, 94; Anne Harris,92; Everett Hall, 90; Elizabath Rion,91.GRADE I-B.Imogene Alexander, 91; RebeccaCollier, 92; Katherine Dickerson, 91;Josephine Lapsley, 92; Anne C. Talbott, 92; Rosa Carr ,90.GRADE I-C.Samuel Margolen, 93; Frank Boaz,92; Jean Dudley, 91; Gertrude Smel2er, 91; Thelman King, 90.GRADE II-A.William Fronk, 90; Pansy Burns,91; Homer Burley, 90; Evelyn Kenton,91; Hildreth Rees, 91; Eleanor Swango, 93; Ethel M. Shanklin, 92; Ida L.Wheeler, 92; Virginia Tingle, 90; Edgar Hill, 93; Frances Thompson, 92;George Ewalt, 93; Ethel M. Wood-ard, 93.GRADE II-BMaggie. CaTr, 90; Susie Leach, 90;Ruby Lovell, 91; Homer Stone, 90;Ruth Lovell, 90; Mack Thomas, 90;Eleanor Plummer. 94.GRADE III-AJohn Scott, 90; Edna Rose, 90;Jeanne Harris, 90; Charles Goodin,90; Mary L. Clendenin, 90; EmilyBratton, 90; Edna Earl Burns, 90;Mona Taylor, 91; Mary Petree, 91;Sarah Myers, 92; Martha M. Collier,93; Carolyn Wilmoth, 94.GRADE III-B.Carlisle Swinford, 90; vVlary Lindsay J3uckner, 90; Evelyn Tingle, 90;Clay Boaz, 90; James Turner, 91.GRADE IV-A.Keller Larkin, 94; Elizabeth Lilieston, 94; Edward Paton, 94; CrutcherChis, 92; Russell Mullins, 92; MarieColliver, 91; Mary F. Burns, 90; Ham-let Colliver, 90; Zoma Meade, 90;.raui iliomysuu, 9, vugimu nauwt&,96; Meargaret Hill, 95; Bertha King,94; Florence Hedges, 93; Eddie Munich, 93; Nnnette Arkle, 91; RuthWheeler, 91; Hazel Myero, 90.GARDE V-A.Frances Harris, 92; Devora Chism,92; Ann B. Duncan, 92; Eva Chappell,90; Irene Culbertson, 90.GRADE V-B.Charles Padgett, 92; Volley Lykins,93; Catherine Wills, 92; Mary L. Collier, 95; Ethel Myers, 90; Roy Burley, 92.GRADE VI-A.Eueene Moore. 94: Alma L. Gold-stein, 94; Nancy Wilson, 94; GeraldineHerrin, 95; Mary Ellis, 93; Sidney Linville, 92; Rankin Mastin, 91; JuliusHerrick, 91; "Bam Pope, 90; ThomasHendricks, 90; Aera Bishop, 90.GRADE VI-B.Viola' Ackman, 93; Mildred Brannon, j92; Stanley Corner, 90; Charles Dickinson, 91; James M. Dundon, 90;Mamie Folwler, 91; Katie Howard, 93;James McClintock, 90; Edward Myers,91;. Hume Payne, 90; Virginia Thompson, 93; Lillian Towler, 92; VernaTurpin, 92; Elizabeth Wheeler, 93.GRADE VII-A.Dcothy Tinglo, 91; Albert Stewart,26 ,jiixia. nut ucj, si , uuuc jm. wm , --.. iGRADE VII-BAfiniiip fiirllnwav. 94: Hattie Neal..!93GRADE VIU-A.Madge Taylor, 92; Thelma Squires,91; Lucille Hall, 90.GRADE VIII-B.Virginia Dundon, 93.HIGH SCHOOL FRESHMAN.Robert Lavin, 98; Elizabeth Hudnall, 97; Edna Snapp, 96; Fannie Heller, 93; Eleanor Lytle, 92; VernitaBaldwin, 9l; Ruby 31der, 90.SOPHOMORE.Elizabeth Hall, 90.JUNIOR.Alleen Ellott, 97; Lillian Neal, 95;Elizabeth Hedges, 91.SENIORS.Lina Crowe, 93; Ellen Henry, 93;Gertrude Slicer, 94; Mabel Estes, 93;Grace McCord, 93; Frank Wilcox, 94.RED CROSS SEALS.The sale of the Red Cross ChristmasSeals in Paris is being conducted under the auspices of the Bourbon County Health and Welfare League, underthe supervision of Mrs. J. T. Vansant,chairman of the committee. The entire proceeds will be used locally inthe campaign being waged in this cityand county by the Health .and WelfareLeague against tuberculosis. Theselittle seals can be purchased at theArdery Drug Co.'s, Goo. S. Varden &Son, Oberdorfer's, W. T. Brooks', theParis Book Store, Shire & Fithian'sand L. Frank & Co.'s store.Help the cause. Put a Christmasseal en your letters and packages, iiOPEN NIGHTS. jThe J. T. Hinton Co's jfurniture store willbe open at night until !after Christmas. Bejsure and call there!before buying yourjChristmas presents.CHRISTMAS DONT'SDon't put otf your shoppinguntil the last minute DO ITNOW,Don't waste time in buyinghaphazard.Don't let impulse lead youto choose inferior articles orto pay high prices.Shop early early in themorning, if possible, and planyour Christmas lists in advance. Sit down with t he BourbonNews in your hand, run youreye over the advertising pagesand make your plans accordingly. The advertising willnot only only give you manysplendid suggestions, but itwill also post you as to thebest place to buy among theNews' advertisers "the homefolks."vNew SubscribersRECENTLY INSTALLED BYParis Home TelephoneTelegraph Company2010-2 Ardery, Ben B. residence.37 Blount, Mrs. A. R., residence..160 Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse.306 Burgin, Mrs. E. C, residence..202 Busy Bee Cash Store.390 Carr, Robert R., residence. v366 Caywood, Miss Jane .residence.178 Chandler, Taylor, residence..355 Collier, Peale, residence.5 Eagles Club Room.2003-4 Edwards, O., Shackleford Bldg.257 Ellett, James, residence..197 Ellison, H., residence.35 Ewalt, Sam, residence.287 Friedman, B., store.408 Gilchrist, J. E.,' residence.323 Horine, H. N., residence.480 Hughes, W. R., residence.500 Lancaster, U, F., residence.278 Lykens, G. W., residence.402 Mast, E. L., residence.453 Merrimee, Mrs. W. T., residence.343 Meyers, E. B.. residence.4fifl MonsntL Charles, store. i C ? J- HVT w ,.,, -., .. T, t1 ,Cbe Paris Ijome telephone ana Cekgrapb e,o(Incorporated)J. "J. VEATCH, District Manager.Stock Reducing Sale!The unseasonable weather has placed us in aposition where we must sacrifice goods REGARDLESS OF COST A few of the many bargains m.store for you:$2,000 Suits and Overcoats $ 1 3.9S1 9.00 Suits and Overcoats 11 .981 5.00 Suits and Overcoats 9.9S1 O and $ 1 2.50 Suits and Overcoats $S.9SEvery garment in the house reduced at suchlow prices you cannot help buying.SALE IS NOW ON !T"winClothing and Shoe Department.L. WOLLSTEIIN, Prop., V .KINDLYTwin Bios. Dr am siSeventh aniTOII MM,,,M mn r 1 1 fxL i mjEjw i wrsaasH IPB "iiifUjw ISPECIAL ROUND-TRIP FARES TOFlorida, Cuba, New Orleans, PanamaLong Return Limit Foil Stop-Over Privileges.Three through daily trains to Florida, vi'aOueen& CrescentRoute. Double daily through service to NewOrleans. Electrically lighted equipment, including Pullman Drawing-RoomSleeping Cars, Dining Cars, and Day Coaches.IIFor details call on any Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, or apply toH. C. KING, Passenger & Ticket Agent, 101. E. Main St., Lexington, Ky..I121 Moore & Nutter, office.432 Moore, C. G., residence.2049-2 Neal, L. C, residence.3030-1 Parks, Ira' & Son, garage.330-2 Parks, Ira & Son,, residence153 Reese, R., residence..266 Sauer, Wm., residence.69 Simms, Mrs. W. E., residence199 Walsh, R. P. Residence.96 Wilmonth, Mrs. S. M., reside:.369-1 Wilkerson, Dr. W. C, office394 Woodall, H. N residence.2013 Wright, Clarence J., resident.477 Wright, Mrs. Cynthia, resideau18 Y. M. C. A., office.MIIhLERSBURG exchangk24 Ardery, W. E. resfdence..136-3 Hill, A. T., residence.62 Jones, Charles, residence.NORTH MIDDLETOWN EXCHAiN'GQ15 Judy, B. F.. store,16 McDaniel, John C, residence4 Rash, Bert, residence.CHAS. B. HARRIS, CashJ-r.FallAnnouncement All the LatestFall Styles inDress Goods,Dry Goods,milliner?' fc.We Can (ease YouBa tin Prices.CALL Aiain Sts., Paris, Ky1BrosWinter Tourist TicketsNOW ON SALEALL WINTER RESORTSv.iTro-.-if.r1v--fH Vif-t .i ; 'i. .&" f-wlTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER l 1914,..14 1 1 1' Im i r i t t f tt i 1 1 i i i m itiniiiiim.MiniumLAST WEEK THE TOY DEPARTMENTV5WASCROWDEDAGAINIThere Seems to be No Decrease in theInterest Displayed in Our BeautifulAssortments of Toys, Dolls, Etc.Mothers and children both continue to come to our"Land ot loys. Those who came before said that everytime they visited this department they saw something newSurely you can't see everything in one visit!Come, whether you want to buy or not. Bring thechildren and let them eniov sppino- th xtm-nAfA -phere. This is the last week we can assure you of complete 4for by tomorrow so many purchsses will have been made Jthat surely many things will be sold out. You 11 like toshop early when you can get such bargains as these at suchlow prices. Make many visits to J"The Land of JoysThe Land of Tovs-Ihe Land of Delight for Girls and Boys-"25c TOYSDolls Drums Pop Guns Boy Scout OutfitsBuilding Blocks in WagonIron Toys Painting Outfit BooksTidley Winks Rope Toss Pitch-a-RingU. S. History to Date Steeplechase Bath Tub ToysAuthors Horns Puzzles , fcTool Sets50c TOYSDolls Complete Train Outfits Doll BedsLarge Pop Guns Elevator Building Outfits Box BallChina Tea Sets Modlwood Toys Tiddledebats jHumpty Dumpty CircusBig Game Hunter Sand Toys &Rapid Fire Cannon$1.00 TOYSDolls Doll Carriages Doll Trunks "" DollTBedsFine Train Outfits Repeating Air RiflesMeccano Builders American Model BuilderWhite Furniture Giant Soldiers Steel WagonsCompendium of Five GamesTool Sets Battleships Tea Sets ScootersPile Drivers Sandy Andy MotorsREFLECTIONS OETHE WAR SEENIN CLOTHESf.VIBraiding and ButtonsFrocks of Khaki-ColoredCloth a New Note inSmart FashionsonTOQUES AND SAILORS OF 1830NEW YORK, N. Y.t Dec. 17.With tlie fear of a siege fading farther and farther into the background,Paris, with a characteristic reboundhas turned from the contemplation ofbusiness inactivity and darkenedstreets to the theatre, the cafe and renewed commerce..The large dressmaking establishments which are run by women havenot closed. They have kept open inthe face of all the hard times. Whenthere were nog owns to make, theemployees were ste to wark upon themaking of bandages and hospital garments, knitting mufflers and socks forthe soldiers. In fact, the knitting ot44WOLF, WILE & CO.FormerlyKaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Kentuckyfr'l I1H1M i f'l'H ! 'I i'I"I"H"M'4"I"i"M"M !m441aitVft9NOWIS THE TIMETo Buy Youj Jail and Winter Shoes.The only thing youwant to know is the shoestore that sells the moststylish and most reliableshoes shoes that ' lookgood and are good andgive you satisfaction inevery respect. This shoestore isf ilaJu -7t m tMr xiwhI lSI w rrf. fs 'fir I Im& If2 ttVr 'ft l1 ,1 If Ii Wlltll lmM IfKtlsw iff ' I 1llftSe IS 7 H IM32- K 7 1 B fL fJ 81 7IHL Iw flrf1 HElV TTy mllt Eli lii'H;l4i ill jfWlthe shoulders rather plainly, as do-theskirts at the hips, although they mayflare out at the ankles to four or eightyards.he tight long sleeves is establishedand the short kimono sleeve has hadits day, although the long sleeve hasmade in this manner is till correct ifit fits the lower arm closely. Theraglan-cut sleeve is no longer startlingua but it is Hn, accepted stylewhich may be bought with impunity,if liked. The principal thing is toknow whether it is becoming or not.The Roman striped silks, so dodu-lar a short time ago, must be viewedwith suspicion, for they are beingworn very little even as belts. Insteadthe girdles of wonderful Chinese andJapanese embroidery are correct andthe waistcoats of strpes have givenplace to those of fur and fur-cloth.Most of the suits are trimmed withfur, perhaps just a band around thenecK ana sleeves; possibly narrowbands of it are used around the bottoms of tunics, collars' and sashes.One stunning frock had the lower skirtsection of a fawn colored broadclothdress of beaver fur. Another suit hada waist coat of Persian lamb and Russian kolinsy was. used for trimmingbands.Net and satin are combined intomany charming evening frocks, andone developed in this way I have usedfor an illustration. Cream-colored netis used for the bodice and the pointedtunic. The girdle which goes up in apoint in the front, meeting the pointWALTER MARTINERNEST MARTINNEW LIVERY STABLE!New Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special, Attention; Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.Horses Boarded By Day, Week or Moitb!Hauling of Every Description Done. Transfer Business a Spedalty.cZEEfi&toFeld's Shoe Store,On Main Street Between Sixth and Seventh.)I WhenSantaMil usComes IEverything must be spic and span and withal cheerful and glowing with Yuletide warmth.As a first aid to clean flues and circulatingheat units allow us to recommend a way and meansFox Ridge Coal. By virtue of its purity performs just such offices injk the home of many and many a fellow townsmanwho is to be a holiday host.3 For that Xmassy exuberance Fox Ridge Coalsure noes wonders:1 Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St. Both Phones 1 40.-cwogpaa 3iue with Lining of Crimson Give's a Military Look to ThisGarment.something has become such a fadthat fashionable women everywhereare knitting.But asnhe Geamans were drivenback from Paris the call for gownsfrom the designers begin to fulfil thedemand.Quite military are some of thesenew frocks. One frock seen recentlywas made of a new fabric on thebroadcloth order, with the same highsheen, but a twilled weave in khakicolor. The waist was made very simply, and with body and sleeves in. onefull length, fitting very closely belowthe elbow. There was a seam inthe back of the waist, and the frontwas cut in a U shape, which was slitfrom the under part of the U to thewaistline. On either side of this opening, which was filled in with a guimpeof heavy lace? the edges were boundwith black braid and large loops ofbraid and buttons placed about aninch and a half apart to the waistline.A high military collar finished theback of the neck. The sleeves weretrimmed on the under side with smaller loops and buttons from wrist toelbow. The skirt was made with afull long tunic with a very wide bandof selfcolored velvet around the bottom of it. About six inches of the narrower underskirt showed beneath. Thecenter of the skirt was slit down abouttwelve inchse, the edges bound withthe braid and the loops and buttonsof braid on either side, correspondingto the placing of loops on the waist.The whole effect showed the influencewhich the uniforms of the combatantsare having upon the fashions.Another frock noticeable for its military effect was made of blue clothand an abundance of gold braid.The present time of year is an excellent one to buy clothes. The freakstyles of the early part of the seasonwhich looked as though they mightreally be worthy of attention havebeen sifted out, aii(i j;here is not thelanger of buying something which will5oon be out. Now the stores are beginning to-clear out their stock andisually everything is reduced .to fraction of what they were at the beginling of the season.Bear in mind when buying the new"lothessthat the various loops andtucks which draped our coats lastyear are no more now the straightlines prevail. Bodices and coats fitv W tilk ; ! !1JK : ' I 1li 1 1 iI rli!03J IIWm T. ... Min I his .Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streeplace will be run. by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS.Stablcs-Eigth St, Main St.Both PhonesiiSLOO SIj00!Before Buying Your ChristmasPresents Stop in and See OurSPECIALXMAS BASKETSComposed of Staple and FancyEatables. Just the Thing forthe "White Christmas."Net and Satin Are CombinedSmart Evening Frockof the V-shaped neck, is of coral satin.A wide band of this satin finishes thebottom of the tunic and makes thelower skirt. The simplicity of the materials and development make it especially becoming to the young woman. The military effecto has kept thecapes strngly in evidence and thecape used for evening wear in the illustration U one made of Petrogradblue broadcloth and lined with a deeprich crimson. The fur collar is madeof kolinsky, a Russian mink whichclosely resembles sable.Another evening frock of whitefaille silk has a tulle tunic with aband around the bottom of white satinribbon. This tunic is but a little shorter than the satin underskirt, which isedged with a frings of glass beadstwo inches wide.The sailor hat is ver smart, but itchanging a little in shape. Now theright side is slightly narrower thanthe left and the crown is shallowerSome of the small hats look like thehats of an early Victorian period ofseventy years ago. Small and perchedon the top of a head whose coiffure ispulled away from the ears they aredistinctly quaint. Even the streamersare reappearing in a modified way, andare to be seen on small sailors andtoques alike.C LENIHAINCash Grocer. Both Phones 234V"i ' mmmSICK HEATACHE. jSPSick headache is nearly alwayscaused by disorders of the stomach.Correct them and the periodic attacksot sick headache will appear. Mrs.John Bishop of Roseville, O., writes:""About a year ago I was troubledwith indigestion and had sick headache that lasted for two of threedays at a time. I doctored and trieda number of remedies but nothinghelped me until during one of thosesick spells a friend advised me totake Chamberlain's Tablets. Tis medicine relieved me in a short time."For sale by all dealers.(adv-dec)GEO, W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBUMEi.BOTH 'P HONES A 137; NIGHT 299.iMSStKKOEw&tSt3t&'i,SIX,I,iMS''M2,I'X'tI'1l,I,ItI"I"X'I',4"SiWISYOURTOBACCO?Is It Worth Insuring?:?ftA&AaAAAAJ..-T..t. . .-j..j-VHONRRPtoinlnCENTRALLIFE INSURANCE CO.Strongest Company.Lowest Net Rate.Miss Kate Alexander IAsk us to give you therates. We give especial attention to all farm business.Try us. Call 36 or 171 day,56 night.AGENTI ALSO SOLICITFire, WindI W 0. HINTON 1 1 and Automobile IV IPInsurance. & gON,THE NEW FIRM4.DO YOUR SHOPPING EARLY.."He gives twice who givetliquickly." Equally does he givetwjee who shoppeth early andsendeth his presents so that itwill arrieve on time. Do yourshopping to-day; send yourpresents to-morrow.w ! 1 X I I rI ! I I 'l1 I I IX I 'I I 2 I I I I "IAustria's Day of Defeat.At the battle of Magenta in 1859 during the Italian war, tlie 'French andSardinians defeated the Austrians at aloss to the latter of 10,000 in killed and7,000 in prisoners, while the alliesonly lost 4,000. For this victory theFrench marshal, MacMahon, wasi created duke of Magenta by the Em-pftrpr Louis Napoleon.and will greatly appreciateyour consideration.KATE ALEXANDERMISS.a.'1"1"'M"I"1"1"I' H"l-M' I .The Modern Joke Book.Joe Miller died too soon, ormight have made his living ocampaign booka.rCbicagoNawa.pw"?;-1i-JMy,X?t,tj.?. .- t ,JS1HE BOURBON NLWSJPARIS KElWqCY, DECEMBER 1 1914-'IIJ'wl;f-,S-VIVB OF MILLERSBURGMiss Mary Taylor sustained a fallWednesday afternoon in front of thepostoffice, which for a time wasthought to be very serious. She wasrendered unconscious and was carriedinto the postoffice until she was ableto be taken home. She is better atthis writing,ered by insurance.Bring your children in to see thetoys at Jones Bros'. (18-2tMi's. Ripley ami daughter, wholiar-e been at the home of Mr. Thos.McClintock and family for the pastseveral months, left Wednesday fortheir home in Chicago. Miss Ripleycame here an invai'i, and we regretto say her condition :s no better. Atrained nurse from Chicago arrivedMonday to assist them home.We have a large line of cut glassand China to select from(18-2t) JONES BROS.There will be special Christmasservices at the Methodist church Sunday morning by Rev. J. D. Redd. Asnecial musical program will be one ofthe interesting feature: of the occasion. This service will be held on nextSunday so that the student bodies ofM. F. C. and M. M. I. mav alten 1.Amity Lodge Xo. 4, F. ind A. M.,"will hold its annual election on Monday evening, Dec. 28th, which will beprcceeded by a banquet. Ecry mam-her of the lodge is expected to attendthis banquet accompanied by a lady.ari tn ntfonrlAn effort will be made to make it aninteresting occasion.Come in and avoid the ruh andhave your presents put away until youwant them.(18-20 JONES BROS.' The barber shop of Mr.' J. R.T3nkersley wa discovered on firaTuesday about 10 p. m. The fire orig-1mated in the rooms of the dry clean-1ing department on the second floor,the exact origin of which is notknown. The volunteer Are department was soon upon the scene andsocn bad it under control. But littledamage was done the barber shop bywater, but the second floor was badlydemolished. Mr. Tankerslev resumedbusiness in the shop Thurs lay. Thehuflding and contents were fully cov-UELIVERED WHEN YOU LIKEive something worth while. Anything in our line will make suitablepresents Furniture, Rugs, Electroliers, Pictures, Etc. Delivered whenyot irfsh.(It) THE J. T.' HINTOX CO.CLAY'S SAUSAGE.TTiist upon Clay's sausage15-5tK:CE AND SENSIBLE PRESENTS.Full line of ladies' and men's houseslippers. Nothing nicer for a Christmas gift.(x) GEO. McWILLIAMS.FINE WHISKIES.Sam Clay, Van Hook. Old Tarrvhiskies, eight years old, $1.00 perouart, at Ed. Slattery's. (x)gmtmmamsm mmmm& eeaaEcre mzzssEE&x fymmmm saaaBB &I 1 E h3m lllll AT H IT i Ir i rnv-, rnrrQ u asm la eq rJ v mm Jr WtoMeps ion ' lv j fef V WILL i si twALKo IMake it something useful-a gift that wii8 be appreciated. Let us solve that problem for you economically and tastefully. Ovur enormous stock and exceptionallow f rices make competition impossible.Only- FiveGet here tomorrow, and gfet here earSy9 thereby avoiding the crowds that aresure to take advantage of these extraordinary bargains.Ladies' and Gentlemen's High Grade footwear of the'; Walk-Over and otherfamous makes. Excellent ciuaiities all syles at specially reduced prices.SPECIAL CHRISTMAS NOVELTIESyJPsnv.2:mV r.iri s r ' s jWS,t6rfi .': 'ISi3DBEST PEOPLE ON EARTH"HELP THE CHRISTMAS FUNDThe fund for the furthering of the"White Christmas," which is to be ob-i --mA in DnKi'd fliia iraar fnr H10 firtO-" v5U XI1 - " J . . .t.: J 1, V.;.t,r,r nf tlio nitv linebeen considerably augmented by thereceint of a check for a substantialsum from the Secretary of Paris LodgeNo. 373, which was donated by a unanimous Arote of the members at the regular meeting of the lodge on Tuesdaynight. The check was most gratefully received, and it is hoped that theaction of this lodge will be an mcen-. .. xi i.itive to immediate action Dy me uuierfraternal orders of this city. The Elkshave ever been generous' and immedi-ate in their response to calls for therelief of the suffering in this city, andwhile not claiming leadership in thiskind of work, have known no class distinction in their charitable work.CHRISTMAS WHISKIES.For vour Christmas whiskies, wines,etc., try Ed. Slattery's best eight yeareld at $1 per quart. ()DELICIOUS FRUITS.Call and see us for your Christmascandy delicious fruits and otherholiday supplies.(X) J. E. CRAVE in.VERDICT FOR $44.. .. Tjwott r.irmiit Court at Lsx-"xr, ,; of w n All, nfluB- " " . " "V V" VonnT3oi-ic fi'jiina v. ii. juuau iui$200damages, on Mr. Julian's cross-petitionfor $300 damages the jury returned avftrdict in favor of the plaintiff for $44.The litigants had a head-on collisionsome months ago.SANTA CLAUS HEADQUARTERS.In your rounds shopping for toys,etc., don't iail to visit our otore ioLbof things to please tne mtie rout, aucnas -express wagons, veiucipeuea, muworks, nuts, candies and the bestfruits of all kinds.(X) N. A. MOORE & CO.PHILATHEA CLASS LUNCHEONThe Philathea Class of the Baptistchurch will serve luncheon at the millinery store of Mrs. Come WatsonBaird on Saturday from twelve to two.The menu will consist of hot soup,with crackers, bread and butter, sandwiches, coffee and pie.BLACK CAKE.You know it will be good if you usejFerndell fruits and spices. ou taKe, a chance it you use soiubuhub iw! say is just as good.U. if. UOUiv k -yj.BOX CHRISTMAS CANDIES.Our line of fancy Christmas boxcandies can't be surpassed, especiallyI Lownevs. Put up in iauc uu.ca i-ilone pound up. Buy a box for youri best girl.I as-3t)JAS. E. CRAVEN.CHRISTMAS WINES.Call on Ed. Slattery for your Christmas wines. (x'IThat Gift Pioblem SolvedcTWoreChristmas Slippers ForMen, Womenand Children.Ladies' Fur Trimmed Nullifiers, all colors. . ..89c to $ 1 .49Eadies' Comfortable Felt Slippers, all colors, at... o 49cMen's Turn-Sole Nulliffers, black or tan 99c to $ 1 .49Men's Felt' Slipper and EverettsOpen Evenings1STGreatest33eau.ty anci Bloonomy JELgXsti.' W wS&'3533P3I1SS&SOCIAL UNO PERSONALf Tr: T71 .- C Tfr TlOt? T"fllltlrl tnJ11B& mc-auui m.o,j i.o x v..m nu. iu?chool at Georgetown after a visit toyLG.u "Xl- a" V .V , J'-Mrs.' Rosa Buckner, who has beenill att he home of Mr. Custis Talbott,en Houston avenue, is somewhat improved. Miss Helen Wides, who has beenthe guest of her sister, Mrs. MaxMunich, has returned to her home in("'liio rnt.Misses Annie Embry and CarolynRoseberry will attend the Pan-Hellenicfraternity dance to be given in Lexing-ton to-night.Little hope is entertained for therecovery of Mrs, W. E. Simms, whocontinues critically ill at her home onSecond street.Miss Minnie Ball Moore, of Harrodsburg, arrived to-day to spend theChristmas holidays with her aunt, Mrs.Charlton Alexander.Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Dickson leftto-day to spend the Christmas holidayswith Mr. and Mrs. Durand Whipple, inLittle Rock, Ark.Mr. and Mrs. L. R. Bramblette hadas guests this week Mr. and Mrs. Jos.Hallett, of Bloomington, 111., and Mrs.Woodford Lai!, of Lexington.Mr. Ed. T. Hinton, who lias beenconfined to his home on Pleasantstreet, suffering from an attack ofrheumatism, is able to be out.Mr.i. Sailie Pullen went to Midway, Tuesday, to attend the funeral ofher brother-in-law, Mr. R. S. Starks,who died there Monday, alter an nl-ness of severai monthsMisses Harriet Rogers and MarieCollins are at home from HamiltonCollege, at Lexington, to spend theChristmas holidays at their honied inthe county.Robert Slattery and BaldwinWoods will return from St. Joseph'sCollege at Bardstown, to-morrow tospend the holidays here with theirparents.; Mrs. Roberts, of the Jacksonvilleneighborhood, was taken to the MassieMemorial Hospital Wednesday, and isina serious condition, with litlei hopeof her recovery.Miss Katherine Keane, who hasbeen a guest for several weeks of Mr.and Mrs. Jack Woods, and family, onEighth street, has returned to herhome in Philadelphia.Mr. Harry Horton has accepted aposition with the Reynolds TobaccoWarehouse in Lexington. Mr. Hortonhas for some years been connectedwith the commission and seed firm ofE. F. Spears & Sons, in Paris.. .. . jiing meeting -Monday afternoon. Planswere made for the usual observanceof Christmas among the inmates of,the county infirmary. After the regular business, an account was givenof the great National Convention atAtlanta and some of the spectacularand inspiring features of that gathering. Two new members were addedto the list.pping Days49c to 99choc StoreA successim operation lor tne re- r :r, T r; . , . , . ,moval of adenoids was performed ' Wlt,h deeP "?tlonl by an interestedTuesday, at the Good Samaritan Hos-1 audience At the close ot the lecturepital, in Lexington, upon Miss Mary1? social hour was held, during which'Shive, eight-vear-old daughter of Rev. hot chocolate, macaroons and mintsDr. and Mrs. B. M. Shive, of this city.'0 served. The entertaining com. ti- -. m tt i,i,i ;i . mittee was composed of Mrs. AmosThere is no improvement for thebetter in the condition of Mr. EdwardCaldwell, the well-known plasteringcontractor, who has been very ill athis home on South Main street.Mrs. N. A. Moore left Tuesday forUmatilla, Forida, to spend the winter.Friends of Mr. W. H. Clay,- inthis city, will regret to learn that hehas been nuite ill at his home or.Woodland avenue, in Lexington.Mrs. can wnmotn, oi tins city,was a guest this week of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Jas. H. Shropshire, nearLeesburg, Harrison county.Mr. James Thompson, Jr., arrivedto-day from theAhseville School forBoys, at Asheville, N. C, to spend theholidays with his parents, Mr. andMrs. James Thompson.Miss Elizabeth Magoffin, who hasbeen the guest of Miss Elizabeth Douglas, in Cynthiana, is a guest of friendsin this city, before proceeding to herhome in St Paul, Minn.The masquerade ball given byMrs. Edith Alexander Bronston andMr. Getty in the Phoenix Hotel ballroom, in Lexington, was a charmingaffair and the beautiful fancy costumes worn were various characters jof all nations being represented., Mrs.Bronston was charming as a Spanishgirl. Her dress was of plaited redsatin with yellow border, spangled bolero with soft lace waist and fancyspangled cap. She was much admiredand her dancing was artistic and beautiful. Mr. Getty represented a Spaniard and wore a costume of purplevelvet.ihe ball room was lovely with decorations suggestive of Christinas. On jeach table was a minaturc Christmastree, the balcony was draped with smilax, cedar, Christmas bells and tinseland about the wall were Christmastrees and bright draperies, which ad-1rlrwl Vioniitv in tlio 'lttrarHvA RfpnpThe Misses Buchignani, at two pianos, ( six years old. Please bring me a dollthe drum and mandolin furnished the with black hair that will go to sleep,beautiful music and dancing was en- a sled, air gun black board, a horn, ajoyed until the early morning hours. ! counting board and a soldier suit allThe bill was a delightful event in soci- i kinds of candy fruits and nuts. 1 11 beety and all present enjoyed it im-i a-good boy and go to bed early. Don tmensely i fon mother and daddy, lour littleAmong those from Paris who attend- j boy, Theodore Insko, 12G Parrish Aveed the dance were Mr. and Mrs. Stan- j nuehope Wiedemann, whose guests were i .ATiircn-: flnmlvn 7?n;fhrrrv :nifl "RHzn.-wh strain nf Pnrir.- jnnp. FflrrP.M.Mary Savre Williams, Mary GoodloeT.enn.Tri-"TPSKrs. T.iip.ten Pntton. Wal -ter Squires, Lucas Combs and Charl -Mn Plnv-The most delightful of the Pro-1 Pla' Indians. Will you please bnuggressive Culture Club's meetings was I m aT1 Indian suit, and a cowboy pisthe one held Wednesday. The club ! tol, some fireworks and some fruit andwas addressed by Mr. John Wilson j candies; and please dont forget myTownsend, of Lexington, one of the 1 ittle 'in scr, Myrtle, and my babymost gifted writers in Kentucky, who sister, Elizabeth Oh yes, bring me atook for his theme, "Kentucky Writ-1 jumping jack lour little boy Clar-ers." The address was very instruct -i i..ir..i ..-i i:4. .i, - . .. i .! i- .-. iiivi-i :itiii MHiii in Mini ;i iii.Miirn illTurney Mrs. W R. Scott and MrsFerr Hutclicrait.lOtner Personals on Pa3o o)J.LADIES, READ!Don't forget wo have all kinds ofbeautiful Christmas novelties. Thesegoods are new and up-to-the-minute instyle. The prices will surprise you, astliev are very reasonable.(ll-4t) MRS. M. A. PATON.mKVTill Xmas.UENGRAVED CALLING CARDS.i Engraved calling cards make mostacceptable Christmas gifts. Give usj your order now so it can be filled be-I to16 tne rush. We represent the bestI Arm. in the country, and everythingguaranteed first-class.iBLACK BASS PLACED ;j in MUNtK UKtEK.iGame Warden George M. Hill, onWednesday, placed 1,100 young bigmouth bass- in. Stoner Creek. The consignment was received from the Government hatcheries in special cansyesterday morning, and were immediately placed in the creek.Another consignment of the samespecies of fish was placed in the fishpond on Mr. J JJ. Thompson's place,on the Interurban Ii:ic.It is very unusual to receive theseconsignments at this time of year, butthe fish are very hardy and grow veryfast, if allowed by the "pot fishermen"to get a good chance.GOOD THINGS TO EAT.Apples by the barrel and oranges bythe box cheap. Nothing but the bestfruit handled. Dressed fowls of allkinds, old country hams, city hams,sausasrc, spareribs, etc. Let us haveyour Christmas order.(x) N. A. MOORE & CO.LETTERS TO SANTA CLAUS.The News has received two .lettersfrom kiddies in this city in which theytell their heart's desires to old SantaClans. We sincerely trust they maynot be disappointed. The letters areas follows:"Paris, Ky.x"Dear Santa: I am a little boy, just. iralJa, XVjr.i "Dear Santa: I am a goodlittlej bov' seven veara ol(L x S to s: every day and get kindlingand get- kindling for; mamma.iSSippi.I just came here from Miss-I saw Indians there and we! enc? ee iuwvenney, -yu ru rano,i 'nns kv '' I'ans. 1S.VDEATHS.STARKS.Mr. Richard S. Starks, one of themnof TTrkTiiniTiT' man nf ATilnfoi rlid1 !at his home on Winter street in that I st00f1 " across the aislecity, Monday morning at 4 o'clock. wBut that young man was wrong.He was 70 years old last October, was We, feeling the effects of the war,born in Woodford -county, near Mt.andthat ver' self-same man is helpVernon mg ear t e Drunt of tne war tax,Mr. Starks for ahout fifteen years has ".usl1 can not Possibly be made tobeen making a proprietary medicine of . xlf ." , xwhich he was the originator. He also He firsfc, !ias,to ' a v'ar tax of on?owned several of the finest farms in,cfnt hls, telephone message, andWoodford county I lso on the teIesram he sent over theAside from his wife, Mrs. Lucy , l0,1"11? to e manaser of the BenIlibler Starks, three children survive A1 Thtre, ordering the theatre tickhim: Mrs. Edna Hicks, Mrs. Jas. S. f ts" Te tax .n the jewing gumStarks and Mrs. Katherine Holt, all of ' le, masticated so vigorously while theMidway. Aiso three sisters, Mrs. Bet- telephone operator was endeavoring totie Rhodes, Miss Susie Starks, of Lou-! understand what number he wanted, isville. Mrs. Burgln, of Lexington;two brothers, Mr. John Starks andp- . - . ."ir Tiro HtnrVc nf T.nnicviiioI'- " M,U.M.li.Uf JA. VU.UII.iV,.onfl Tt T Uoi'iroi.' T-TiT-iIot rf Parip Ihe having married their sister, whowas formerly Miss Lucy Hibler.j The funeral services were conductedI by the Rev. T. S. Tinsley, of the'Christian church, at the residence inj Midway, Tuesday af ttrnoon at 2o'clock, the intermentthe Midway cemetery.following inJORDAN.Catherine Mary Jordan, the nine- "'L- . " " - " "., , . . -., .-, -..- l vv nnmil. tnp. war tar and nnr voimtrvoor.nl r rlmirrhtr nf ATr mirl ATrst.m. t i :,i; w; i,r.f,.street, died at the Massie Memorial;Hospital yesterday, of corhea, withother complications. Funeral services Iwill be conducted atthe Catholic ichurch at nine o'clock this mornins, Iconducted by Rev. Father Eugene ' .DeBruyn. Burial in ihe Catholic cem-: Glve fatner one of Mitchell & alaVeierv ; inore's silk house coats or one of tho- 'Blanket Cloth Bath Robes. (15-20SPARKS.Mrs. Laura Sidney Sparks, wifeof Mr. Silas Sparks, died at her homein Nashville, Tenn., Thursday after along illness. The body was buriedat Jacksonville, in Bourbon county,Saturday afternoon.Mrs. Sparks is survived by her husband and one son, Mr. Ed. Sparks,Chief Train Dispatcher at Russellville,and three sisters, Mrs. Kelly, ofNashville; Mrs. Geovge Scott, of Lair;a sister living in Texas, and brotherat St. Paul, Minn .LOST.Between Kid Stout's Cafe and thecorner of Fourth and Pleasant streets,a solitaire diamond ring: A cash reward of $50 will be paid for its returnto this office and no questions asked.(18-ft)Stock at Cost.As our lease soon expires on ourstore room, we will close out ourENTIRE LINE OF HARDWARE,consisting of everything usually keptin a first-cass hardware store. Alarge line of Stoves, Ranges, Heaters,Enamelled Ware, Farming Implements, Wire Fence, Steel Posts, Etc.Fe begins onSATURDAY, DECEMBER, 19, 1914,and will continue until the entire stockis closed out.BEST A HAWKINS,(18-tf Millertburg, Ky.RELIGIOUS.The Men's Bible Class of the Little Rock Christian church passed thefollowing resolution Sunday, December 13. ecara-Be it Resolved, That we exnre kthe relatives and friends of Mr. JohnAustin, our heartfelt sympathy in theloss of this worthy citizen and friendMr. Austin was an interested memberof our class during his stay in ourmidst this fall."Mr. Austin's death occurred in Louisville last week and he had greatlyendeared himself to the people of Little Rock during his brief residencethere. "A FINE LINE.A fine line of Christmas candies.j-ieave your order early.(x)J. E. CRAVEN.NEW SAUERKRAUT.Heinz's new sauerkraut, 5c lb.(6-tf)A. W. COTTINGHAM.Born, on Tuesday night, to thewife of Judge Denis Dundon, a daughter. The happy parents have been therecipients of hearty congratulations.WAR TAX DOES NOT AFFECTTHE PARIS "JOHNNIES.""I should worry about this war-tax,"said a well-known young Paris societyman, as he strolled into a long distance booth at the Cumberland Telephone office, smoking a freshly-lightedcigarette and chewing his arrowmint."Lef the poor Belgians starve," hesaid. "No doubt a good many otherpoor people in this town will come justas near starving as the poor Belgiansthis winter. But the high cost of living is not worrying me one iota of a"neyelash. And the European dum-dumbullets are not perforating any of mymeal tickets," he added, as he proceeded to call up his best girl at Hutchisonand make an engagement to take herto the Ben AH, in Lexington, thatnight.After the arrangements were completed with his feminine friend, our"Johnnie" wired to Manager Scott forthe theatre tickets. A warm friend ofhis, who was selling insurance, boughtj mm a. uuujy, v-uaucugeu mill lu a. gameof billiards, and while the conflict ras-j ed at its height, managed to get hisI signature to an application for an in' surance policy. On the way to the Injterurban station he bought a tube of. tooth paste at Varden's drug store."Airthis talk about thenar havingany effect on us is all wumgush." hej mused, as he settled himself comfort-ably in one of-llie seats and tried toget up a flirtation with a demure, i- "7, "V; rT.." ?lI poison ne aDsorDea at uie Dar; uief"nk' ?ie aru games he played;the performance that he saw at the?en ;l' .the insurance policy ne! Pou.Sht-al th!s. ar tax must be paid: indirectly by mm He must pay thej ta?; on a good many other thing :L11UU CULUICU 1XXLU uie Ulill. a t3HJV. ment, though he, in his pig-headed sim, plicity, could not be made to believej that "the consumer always pays the? Jl.i m. t .! 4- l...A mvsociety friend is right when he;aidJ ? not worry about the higiJst fotfl1!vinf d.,?-t havo to worr'aD0Ut tnls war tax-FOR FATHER.AGRICULTURAL EXTENSION.Buy Grass and Clover Seed Early.A great deal of a farmer's prosperirdepends upon his ability to get go Istands of grass and clover free fr1noxious weeds. Not the least imp Jtant factor in accomplishing this '"good seed. Farmers have not attac'BIRTHS.ed enough importance to good seed -ithe past, Avith the result that th vhave lost many dollars and" their farirshave become infested with troublesome species of weeds.It is entirely possible to get graand clover seed free from weed seed.By the use of modern, cleaning machinery nearly all such seeds can beremoved. In addition, to clean seedwe want seed that will grow, and seeldealers should be required to guarantee the germination of the seed the.sell. Good seed is always the cheapest. Poor seed is expensive at anyprice, even as a gift.Dealers have a' good stock ot secinow in most cases. They are just a?cheap now, or probably cheaper, thanthey will be later. Why not buearly and get the first chance at thhigh grade seed. Buy by sample an 1test for germination and examine fopurity, or, if you do not feel competedto do this send the samples to the E.periment Station, where the work wil!be done free of cost. In case of bh'ograss and red top seed, this is always,the best plan.Do not wait until the last raome4and take the poorest seed, that evenone else has refused.E. J. KINNEY,Asst. Agronomist,' Kentucky Expen-ment Station, Lexington, Ky.'Vt'jrN .,S- -i .'VAr t.r "I -4?sJ- f. -' -