J -"SVmzw'IVVfflA.V -r- ,.T V- 4fcf .. 1' :i SFstjfc ,". "-1 JHMBFN J A, .xr njc'il4.?? ? i " -?rt.-r 2' ju V "P"-. . .5 rvl-v v - ,-: .' j- ..- .J,t ! ". - .'.: ' ,! a-v - arPUBLISHED JJVFRT TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN-THE TEARy&VOLUME"XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1914.jlrui7COMMISSIONERFILES REPORT.FEDERAL QUARANTINE ISIMPOSED ON KENTUCKY CATTLETwenty-Five Per Cent. DividendReady For Depositors.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.In the matter of the liquidation ofthe bank of Geo. Alexander & Co..State Bank, by Banking Commissioner,Jleport of Thos. J. Smith, BankingCommissioner, by Buckner Woodford,Snecial Deputy Banking Commissioner,a of November 7th, 1914.The undersigned, Thos. J. Smith,Banking Commissioner, by BucknerVwdford, Special Deputy BankingCommissioner, reports that since filingIns report herein, on the 16th day ofJune; 1914, in the Bourbon CircuitCourt, that he has made a completeaudit of the affairs of the bank of'aeo Alexander & Co., State Bank, byp. . Snyder, Expert Accountant, ofLouisville, Ky., that said Snyder finlbf ed his work on October 1, 1914, butdid mot deliver his report to the Banking Commissioner until the 19th dayof October, 1914.As required by law, the Banking. omniissioner, by Buckner Woodford,Special Deputy, comes and files this,lus report, at the November, 1914,rem. of the Bourbon Qircuit Court,isd for report says that he first desires to file a statement showing thecondition of the bank, on May 20, 1914,as it appeared to the Commissioner,(Continued on Page 2.)Cattle estimated in value at morethan $100,000 already sold and readyfor shinment from this section nf: Central Kentucky have been held upana are unaDie to oe delivered Decause of the quarantine imposed onTuesday on Kentucky by the Federalauthorities according to a statementmade yesterday by a prominent cattleman. The quarantine, which "wasplaced upon the State because threeinstances of the foot and mouth disease di3covered at Shepherdsville,Monday, by Federal inspectors, wentinto effect Wednesday, cattle alreadyon the awy out of the State whenthe order went into effect, havingcattleman said the order had the effect of immediately paralyzing thecattle industry in this section of theState.Immediate effects upon the localmeat supply are not likely to be felt,however, it is said, since CentralKentucky produces more than sufficient beeves for liome r.nnsiirrmHrmShipments of meat from outside theState may be discontinued, however,because of the scarcity of meat atthe sections which were formerlycenters of the industry.TWO-AND-A-HALF CENTFARE. BILL HELD VOID.ESTABLISHES TYPEWRITERSUPPLY HOUSE IN PARIS.CIRCUIT COURT.Taking precedence over any of thecriminal cases, the case of GeorgeAlexander, indicted on thirty-twocounts on matters pertaining to thewrecking of the Geo. Alexander &o. State Bank, was called for trial.The defenlant, through his attorneys,filed two affidavits in support of a motion for a continuance, alleging thatthe attorneys nor the defendanteither had had sufficient time inwhich to prepare their case from thedata furnished by the report of Deputv Banking Commissioner T3ucknerWoodford. One affidavit stated thatthe publication of certain articles inthe local papers would have the effectof influencing the mind of the publicagainst Mr. Alexander and tending toform a prejudice against him. Com--monwealth'sAttorney Bradley arguedasainst granting further time.wJiidge Stout in deciding the pointgranted a continuance to Monday,Nov 23. Al the witnesses presentwere recognized by the Commonies3Ui to appear on November 22,and a large number of subpoenas wereissued. A special venire will have toMimmoned in order to try the case.M the Wednesday session HoraceRedmon, colored, was fined $100 andm av? in iail for carrying concealedweapons.On a charge of petit larceny, Clarence Holt got 30 days in jail.The case of the Commonwealthaeainst Ernest Simpson, charged withmalicious shooting, was set for trialfor to-day.'All the juries were" excused byJudge Stout until to-day.Judge .Stout held a short sessionvesterdav during the regular motionhour, and the grand jury was in session, but made no report. Beyondthis there was nothing doing m Circuit Court.NEW PROCESS HEATER.Let the New Process Gas Heaterdo "--our heating. Sold byA. F. WHEELER & CO.Mr. F. R. Maderia, of Cincinnati,representing the Neidich Process Co.,of Burlington, N. J., manufacturersof carbon papers and typewriter ribbon, was in Paris Wednesday, and perfected arrangements with the ParisBook Store to act as supply house forthe factory, to handle their nroducts.Mr. Maderia stated in a conversationwith the News man that his father,Mr. Jacob Maderia, was employed inhis younger days on the old True Kentuckian, away back in the early daysof that excellent paper, and that heremerbers when a boy of hearing ofthe old True Kentuckian and especially remembers hearing of Col.CraddockAfter leaving Paris his father took upthe practice of law in Cincinnati, andafterward moved West, where he became the first city attorney of St.Joseph, Mo. Maderia, the elder, wasth possessor of a large amount of realestate in and around Cincinnati, andhis gift of fifty acres of ground to thecity of Cincinnati former the nucleusof the present magificent Spring GroveCemetery in that city.Mr. Maderia stated that while ofcourse, he had no personal recollection of Paris, he has always had a desire to visit the city, because of hisfather's residence here and from hearing Him talk of the place so often. Mr.Maderia said that one thing that hadstuck most tenaciously in his memorywas that he had heard his father talkso of ten of having lived somewhere in"Cottontowh;"vas it. was then called,and of walking across the old coveredbridge near the jail.It is not likely that any of the present generation of Parisians rememberMr. Maderia, Sr.f but the k?ublication of this item may recall to someof the older re'sidents some recollection of him.The Court of Appeals on Wednesday held uncbnstflfirTonnl the twn.and-one-half cent passenger fare billpassed Dy the last Legislature. Thebill was declared invalid bcause itdid not carry the enacting clause provided for in section 62 of the Constitution which says" "The style ofthe laws of this Commonwealth shallbe as follows: 'Be it enacted by theGeneral Assembly of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.' The bill waspassed during the closing hours ofthe session and in the rush the enacting clause was omitted.The decision was handed down in-the case of the Commonwealth againsttne Illinois central Kauroaci company, the opinion being written byJudge Nunn. The Illinois CentralRailroad Company was indicted inJefferson county on the charge of unlawfully and wilfully charging anadult passenger in excess of two-and-one-halfcents a mile. The railroadcompany demurred to the indictment which was sustained by thelower court.The two-and-one-half cent passenger fare bill was one of the mostimportant measures passed by. thelast Legislature. It was SpeakerClaude Terrell's "pet" measure andon the closing night of the session hetook floor in behalf of the measure.After it passed the house is was sentto the Senate where some amend-1,ments were made to it. The Houserefused to concur ii the amendmentsand it was again sent back to theSenate. Finally the Senate passed itas it went through the House and itwas during this rush that the enacting clause was lost.I Mitchell & Blakemore'sMYSTERY OF CHAS. ROYSE'SDEATH YET UNSOLVED.Private detectives are now endeavoring to solve the mystery surrounding the deatli of Mr. Chas. Royse, aprominent Nicholas County farmer,whose body, badly decomposed, wasfound under apile of rails near abarn on his farm. Royse had beensence could not be accounted for until a seaching party found the body.Two inquests held by Coroner Hutchings have failed to turn up anythingdefinite that would tend to fasten.guilt upon any of the suspected parties. Three colored boys are held inthe Carlisle jail pending further investigation.LOCAL OPTION CONTEST DECIDED IN FAVOR OF DRYS.CUT FLOWERS.OLD CANE RIDGE CHURCH.FIRE SLIGHTLY DAMAGESCut flowers and funeral designsphone me your order.(13-2t) JO. S. VARDEN.COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS.The historic old Cane Ridye church,at Cane Rridge, wich has figured soprominently in te annals of the Christian church in this county, came nearTmno- fi,p cnene of a conflgrationlast Sunday morning, and had it notbeen for the prompt woric or tne maiemembers of the congregation, thefamous old structure might Iiave beenseriously damaged or perhaps destroyed. Fire from a defective uue duringthe progress -of the services causedslisrht damage.- The large congregation was dismissed and went quietlyout while the men went to work with ahearty good will and soon had theflames extinguished.Last night Mayor Hinton and theCity Council participated in whatwas probably the shortest meeting ofthat august body, when they metpromptly at 7:30, allowed routinebills, granted four building permits,transacted some minor business andadjourned after a twenty-two minutes session. A petition from Jos.Brooks to operate a pool room inLylesville was rejected. One of themost unusual happenings was thatwhen Clerk Hayden read a latterfrom Miss Mary Spencer to whom acharity pass was granted to Cincinnati some days ago, in which she refunded the amount, $2.35, to the city.The local option electiqn contest,-which has been in progress before theContest Board, composed of CountyJudge C. A. McMian, and JusticesRobert O. Turner and Ernest Martinfor several' days, wasvdecided Wee'nesday by a unanimous vote, in favorof the drys.Twenty grounds of contest werefiled by the wets. The Contest Boardwent over the grounds one by one,and finished "the huge pile of depositions and the records Tuesday afternoon. On account of the attorneys for bothsides having important business inCircuit Court, where their presencewn rermired. the case was submittedwithout argument, and yesterday theContest Board decided tnat tne county election held on Saturday, September 26, was valid, and by reason ofthe validity of that election the cityelection held on Monday, September28, was invalid.The matter will next be taken upin the Circuit Court and then an appeal will be taken to the Court ofAppeals for a decision.XDTJ2SIbk:MR4 HUNTER!November 15th-is the time to look for the birds, and there is going to be plenty of .them this year, but to find these birds at the right time and the,rightplace you've got to wear the best Hunting Clothes in the world, andthat is1Our stock of Dux Bak Hunting Clothes is the most complete andthe largest ever shown in a town of this size. Everything that thehunter needs the kind of clothes that are' water proof, wind proofand briar proof. Look at our hunting window.Dux Bak Water Proof Hunting Coats $5.00Dux Bak Water Proof Hunting Pants 3.00Dux Bak Water Proof Hunting Vest 2.50Dux Bak Water Proof Hunting Hat 1.00Hunting Caps and Leggings.The Shell Vest which distributes the weight of the shells all-over"your shoulders. Witch Elk Water Proof Shoes in all heighths, absolutely water proof just the thing to wade the branches in.., Come to our store and lay in yonr supply of the best Hunting "Clothes in the world.it's-Mitchell & Blakemore,IThe Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckyTHREE AMERICANS MURDEREDBY MEXICAN SOLDIERS.According to advices received at ElPaso, Texas, yesterday two Texas cowbovs named Bishop -and Eccles, working for an American rancn owner, auuanother unidentified American, weremurdered a few days ago near Temosachie, west of Chiuhuahua City. Theadvices stated that the news wasbrought there by a Mexican boy, whoswore that the men had been capturedand murdered by a large force ofraiding Federal sofdiers, and that hehad been captured at the same timeand was taken along and forced to bea witness to execution. He statedthat he was compelled to help the soldiers to bury the bodies of the murdered men, which wede interred in alonely spot at dead of night. The'State Department has been notifiedand will make a searching investigation of the affairMOONLIGHT SCHOOLS.JUDGE HAZELRIGG MAY START.Judge James H. Hazelrigg, formerChief Justice of the Kentucky Courtof Appeals, probably will enter therace for tne uemociaxiu uumiuo,for Governor of Kentucky. JudgeHazlerigg when asked what hethought of the result of the election,said in substance: ."I am always happy when victoryperches upon the banner of Democracy. But Kentucky must be redeemed from two crazy notions, prohibition and woman suffrage."I have received from friends allover the State a request that I enterthe race for the Democratic nomina-,, e -,.. rv. onrl T TtiaV QO SO.iwWhy Pay, tIhKANK & 0.22c to 25c perpound forSausage when! BaldwinSpeciaitS"If you should ever be hunting on aKentucky mountain on a bright moonlight evening and should see the littlenniinniiiniiiQ nrmiHlv licrhtedcouiilij suuuiuuu v y ----ition ior wveruui . ".,-- --n it miffht be worth more than a few i . . . crnA Hmfl off and if I nns'coons or 'possums to drop in and see judge nQt the trend 0f events thewhat was going on. people are going to sit down on theLess than three years ago an enter-1 osition Gf State-wide prohibition,young school ma'am in qne oi -' . ?. onlv prohibits "the other tei-Bros.SELLNEW SAUERKRAUT.'-'.! ? . niinal1rP41lf R TiliHOiai iieW Wtuoiiuau, w!&"a. wl cottingham:nviiinP"these lull districts siarteu wuui onecalled the "moonlight school." It wasnot meant for the children for theycould attend by day. She began it asan experiment to see if she could dosomething for the illiterate whit.egrown-up; the mountaineers so longshut off from the ordinary inuuencesof civilization.Traditionally these people aren tkeen on "book larnin " for themselves,though they are usually eager for education for their children.But this clever woman teacher foundthat their indifference was largely apose. They felt humiliated to go to aday school alongside children. Butgiven a chance to study in groups pftheir own age and kind, at a timewhen the children weren't present,and they snapped at it.Today Kentucky has 2,"000 moonlight schools, with a total adult attendance of 100,000; and the movement is spreading steadily.Though nominally used as studyplaces, these moonlight schools amongthe lonely mountains are really socialcenters, the beginnings of a new spiritof neighborliness, ntjie rcempi.es oidemocracy. It is the far lonelier citywhich lots" its fine school plant soJ often at night stand dark and idle.low' and that of woman suura6.Judge Hazelrigg has long been inthe political harness and is widelyknown all over the State.SPRING. RACINGDATESAREFIXED.The State 'Racing Commission fielda meeting at the club housp at the Latonia race track Saturday afternoonand fixed the dates for the meetings inKentucky next spring. Lerington andChurchill Downs each receive twelvedays; Douglas Park thirteen days andLatonia twenty-five days. Lexingtonwill open April 22 and close May 5;rM,i,iii Tvwnc wWt follow on May 8o,i ir,Q. Mav 21: Douelas Park willopen May 22 and close June 5. Latoniawill open June 7 ana ciose juiy o.All the members of the commissionT,roQ nrocont mcludine Senator J. N.Camden, but he did not participate inthe meeting. Vice President j. aTalbott, of Paris, presided.t2 POUNDSOF BESTPORKSAUSAGE,v40 SUITSrin Ladies" and Misses Sizesnewest styles and materials;all colors, formerly" sold- :'at$g5.00 and $20.00-' v -- -&!,CHOICE NOW'TYPEWRITER SUPPLIES.Typewriter supplies, ribbons, )&e.(13-2t) VAHDBN fc.SON.ttFOR85cv:K; gfc$i5.oo;Alterations FreS'??iBALDWIN BROS.itPr 43-JB-JULg'AW ' ---..rnfer vv.Jt L- ft JZ-VPRANK & COThe Store Where ReliabilityTeftM. ,H- B iJ- m.iiim 'o -7-a.,- -f.-." Ai:-,.&:-4f'"M-'jfa(? " " i1 ' zzV--jJte jrv Vvs;i,u' J??p-JS f 't.rj i.feaSjt ... ' iKVAtv Sa-ivrv" r.-y-jxf'PVi'7fWYOQS vEmotional.Dizzy'DepressedexperienceJHrs. A4dte Curtsiagcr, ofCedar St, Cairo, 111., wroteMector Pierce as follows:"I send 31 cents for your Comsasa Sense Medical Adviser' forasy daughter who haa recentlytaarriedandlknowthebookwillfceofmuchvaluetoher. I haveread and used for 25 years, thevaluable treatments containedmi the 'Medical Adviser andsave taken many bottles of Dr.Pierce's Favorite Prescription,ad have been restored tohealtheach timel used it. Itiaagreatremedyforwomenasastrensfthbaflder, fine for the nerves andgeneral health."1The Bourbon News-Established '188132 Years of Continouous Publication.6VVIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Eatered at the Pans, Kentucky,Postoffice. as Mail Matter of the'Second Class.)-One Year 2.00 Sis Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.-Pubtfsned Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per inch-each subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, ,20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.BANKCOMMISSIONERFILESREPORT.(Continued from Page One.)snd also a statement showing the truecondition of the affairs of the bank ofGeo. Alerander & Co., State Bank, on.November 7th., 1914, after a completeaudit of the affairs of the bank hasbeen made, so that any one interested,may by a comparison of these statements see and know, in a generalway, what has been accomplished bythe Commissioner in the interval between the dates upon which the two.statements are made.STATEMENT OF CONDITION.RESOURCES.May 20,1914.Furniture & Fixtures ... $ 2,750.00Overdrafts - 17,273.55Nov. 7,1914.9,666.33"Bills of -Exchange392,022.70 147,862.75- Current expenses 2,435.72Expenses ofLiquidation rHeal estate 7,095.85Dae from banks 2,686.07Cash and cashitems 22,065.87Profit and loss.Cash on hand-Geo. Alexander's "Misapprop r i a t i o n2,721.273,149.277,095.852,055.27.118,908.52account . .77,773.46. 446,329.76LIABILITIES:364,232.72 1Capital Stock .. 40.0G0.00 6 40,000.00Surplus Fund.. 22,509.00 22,500.00Interest and exchange 5.975.87Individual de- vposits 289,475.40Cashier's4,919.85278,201.81 !checks outstanding First and CityN a ti o n a IBank, Lexington, Ky , .Bills payable,"or Bills Rediscounted" --.Bank of AmericaNew Y o r k , vNIX,-- -303.0DJ 75.49 '88,000,00 18,601.669.40446,329.76OVERDRAFTS.Total overdrafts as shownby bank's books $17,Z7Z.oda. . ilA --mo -rC?On account of the transfersfrom the account of JoeK. Redmon, the aboveamount does not show theactual amount due the bankon this date.A trae statement of the overdrafts includes the additional amount 11,564.29iL-iiv tntstl np.tnal over-. Mow on iQlil ,2R 837. 84',. . ono oor? oa -v.ur mis amouni, w.wi., ""ipewaiDepuw 'anjnng -Ti mlWted S19.17L51. thereby reducing the overdrafts to $9,666.33, -of' which amount it is estimated that$1,613.49 is collectable.-The Commissioner has filed suitgaist M. J. Murphy for $1,161.62 ofthis amount. Said matter now pending in the Bourbon Circuit Court.CURRENT EXfENSr.Liquidation expenses, May 20, 1914,rto November. 7, 1914.-jaries $ 218.21Jamtor service 27.50Telephone, electric light etc.. 59.44Advertising and printing 107.00t Premium on Special Deputy's,boniU- 1- 500.00Rent 300.00.Services of accountant 1,092.15Attorneys fees and court costs 526. 00' Expenses of Banking Com- miesioner and Deputy, and. J. 1C Lassing, attorney 74.84tate Banking Departmentfor examination 100.00.Ity Taxes 81.23Jflsesitaieous expenses 62.90Total $3,149.27pw! i fi ii ii ,i ,111 ii in i, jii.k .in ii i mi n in l Mm iiu inn,i fiX70MEN, who restT8 witfcUTiT 7 constant change of .position. "BOget- - as o: '. - vr - - .- ; -itUm " whn or hnnrwiallv irritable W whoJUan, MISHM. .. . ....,. .$1600.00-ww wv-r . www -- v - - -"- J " ' -7 T -V 'fainting or dizzy spells, or nervousbeadacne and wakefulness are usually lunererafrom' the weaknesses of their sex.DR. PIERCE'SFavorite Prescriptionis the soothing, cordial and womanly tonic thatbrings about an invigorating calm to the nervoussystem. Overcomes the weakness and the dragging pains which resemble the pains of rheumatism. Thousands of women in the past fortyyears can bear witness to its benefits.Your dealer in medicines sells it in liquid or sugarcoated tablet form; or you can send 50 one-cent stampsfor a trial box of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescriptiontablets. Address Dr. V. M. Pierce, Invalids' Hoteland Surgical Institute, Buffalo, N. Y.kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiunniDr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets Regalate aa4 InvigorateStemack, liver aad Bowels, Sagar-Coated Tiay Granles.JIIIIIIIIIIIIIISUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIJIBIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUFURNITURE AND FIXTURES.After advertising in the KentuckianCitizen and the Lexington Herald, andby means of circulars mailed to manyot the banks in Kentuckv, the furniture ani fixtures were sold on October !28, 1914, at 11 a. m., at public auction,and in separate parts to the highestbidder. Said sale aggregated $710.00.There being a difference between thebook value and the sale price of same,this account was closed as follows:Crediting furniture and fixtures ? 710.00Crediting by profit and losson furniture and fixtures. 2,025.00Charging to loss on furnitureand fixtures 2,025.00Charging to cash on hand 710.00BILLS OF EXCHANGE.On May 20, 1914Bills of exchange were- $392,022.95 $392,022.95This has beenreduced bybills chargedoff 75,642.00And paymentsreceived of.. 168,517.95 244,159.95Present balance $147,862.758 This paper is as follows:Past due $101,160.14Due m November, December, 1914Due in 1915, 1916 and 1917.Deposit Bank as collateralon bills payableSecurity Trust Co., as collateral on bills payableAmerican National Bank.2,072.6212,525.795,150.0010,000.00as collateral on bills payable 16,954.20Totol Bills of Exchange 147,862.75Of this paper the worthlesspaper amounts to $68,448.47Doubtful paper amounts to 18,043.37An approximate loss of 86,491.84Or leaving "good paper" amountingto $61,370.91.INTEREST AND EXCHANGE.Balance May 20,'1914 ... $ $5,975.87Interest, rent, etc.,collected . 3,089.25Amounts rebated byCity Banks onnotes held as collateral 317.80 'Interest charged byFifth - Third onoverdraft andbills payable 213.98 -Rebates of over-charges of inter-est and rebates ofinterest added toface of notes 696.95Interest credited toaccouts "savings" 1,048.87Interest credited toaccounts, "certificates of deposit" 605.17Cash items for interest naid, chargedSept. 2(5, 1914 4,919.85Total-9,065.12 9,065.12DUE FROM BANKS.The American National Bank hasapplied as credit on demand notes heldby them, the balance due Geo. Alexander & Co., State Bank, of $10,837.45,and in this way have closed their account with Geo. Alexander & Co.,State Bank. The Commissioner hasbrought suit to recover this amountfrom the American National Bank.The Fifth-Third National Bank -collectednotes held by them as collateralon Bills Payable, and closed the account. I The Farmers Bank, Millersbunr. Ky..oca OQ9 72 remitted the amount of their indebted' , nesSt vhjcli was received May 30,iyi4, closing their account.The account of the Bank of America was closed by draft to the BourbonBank & Trust Co., for $298.57.Claims have been filed for all unpaid drafts outstanding and credit&S5 lhf(h?,!dArl" a?'1,? -for $9.40, which is still outstanding,and constitutes a balance on the booksof the bank of Geo. Alexander & Co.,State Bank.The balance of $75.49 due to theFirst and City National Bank of Lev-lnSton Ky., was found to agree withtheir books and claim was filed forsame, and credit given them on theDeposit Account.CASHIER'S CHECKS OUTSTANDINGOne check was outstanding on thisaccount, payable to the BrunswickBalk Calendar Co. As same was returned unpaid, claim was filed by theabove firm and the amount has beenplaced to their credit on the DepositAccountN BILLS PAYABLE.BILLS KEDISCOUNTED.The amount due on this account onMay 20, 1914, was $88,000.00.Notes having been returned afterclaims ot some of the banks weresatisfied, and other notes having beenpaid, tins account "now shows, stillheld by banks, $18,601.66 on Bills Pay-faoie.Under the head of Bills Payable,the Commissioner reports that uponexamination of the affairs of the bankof Geo. Alexander & Co., State Bank,he found that said bank executed it'sseveral promissory notes to the Fifth-I March 2, 1914 r.. .,. . . . . ..15,000.00May 4, 1914 :,.:.". ... . .; 10,(00.00and that to ,secure said notes, thebank assigned and delivered to the'Fifth-Third National Bank, upon theabove mentioned dates Bills Receivable of the bank of Geo. Alexander &Co., State Bank, amounting to 58,000.Under it's charter the bapk of Geo.Alexander & Co., State Bank, was prohibited from becoming indebted toany persons or corporation in anysum in excess of $10,000.00. Actingupon the advice of his counsel he hasinstituted suit against the Fifth-ThirdNational Bank of Cincinnati, to recover all of said collateral, allegingthat the contract between the twocorporations was Ultra Vires. Thissuit was instituted on July 11, 1914, andthe court has been in vacation sincefiling of said suit until recently. Thematter is now pending on demurrerand the Commissioner hopes for a decision at an early date.The Commissioner also found thatthe bank of Geo. Alexander & Co.,State Bank, had executed two notes tothe American National Bank, of Louisville, Ky., one dated July 1, 1907, payable on demand for $15,000.00, andthe other dated December 31, 1907,payable on demand for $18,000.00.And to secure said notes Geo. Alexander & Co., State Bank, by it's President, Geo. Alexander, assigned anddelivered to the American NationalBank, of Louisville, Bills Receivable ofGeo. Alexander & Co., State Bank,amounting to $35,311.17. Upon the advice of his counsel, the Commissionerhas brought suit to recover all of saidcollateral and. in the same suit, asksjudgment against the American National Bank for $10,837.45, which Geo.Alexander & Co., State Bank, had ondeposit with the American NationalBank, at the time the Commissionertook charge of the Alexander bank andwhich the American National Bankhas applied as a credit upon the twonotes amounting td $33,000.00 held byit against the Alexander bank. All 1of the collateral held by the Fifth-1Third has been collected or at least a Isufficient amount of it has been collect-J II.. T71I1M.1. ml ,!.J 4. ,,.. 11 .P ;-nea uy uie nun-nmu lu yay mi ul rbclaim against the Alexander bank, andof the collateral held by the AmericanNational Bank, $18,310.89 has beenpaid to the American National Bank.This added to the $10,837.45 makes atotal of $29,148.34 collected by tneAmerican National Bank upon its twonotes mounting to $33,000.00. So itis practically the proceeds of all ofthis collateral that the Commissioneris seeking to recover, rather than thecollateral itself.REAL ESTATE.In dealing with the real estate, theCommissioner has figured it worth theprice at which it was carried by thebank, to-wit, $7,095.85, and the Commissioner reports that one piece ofsaid real estate was sold by the bankto one Sallie Bramblett, prior to thetime he took charge of bank, the conveyance however ofsaid property tosaid Bramblett has not been made.Since taking charge of the Alexanderbank the Commissioner has filed apetition in the Bourbon Circuit Courtasking for permission to convey thisproperty to Sallie" B. Bramblett, also iasks permission to sell and convey thebalance of the real estate at eitherpublic or private sale and the judgment of this honorable court was thatthe Commissioners had no authority tosell real estate, however, he prosecuted an appeal to the Court of Appealsof Kentucky and on October 7, 1914,that court decided that it was not necessary for him to ask the advice oftthe Chancellor, and that he had the !authority to sell said real estate byeither public or private sale and it alsoheld that he had the authority to carryout the contract of tne said bank withSallie B. Bramblett, and he conies inow and says that he is ready convey Ito Sallie B. Bramblett and asks thepermission of the court to convey,under terms and conditions of hercontract with Geo. Alexander & Co.,State Bank, in consideration of $500,000 about half of which sum has beenpaid and retaining a lien upon theproperty for the unpaid purchaseprice, the following described property, to-wit."A certain lot of ground in WhiteAddition to the City of Pans, Ky., Tne totai outstanding indebtednessbeing No. 9, as shown on plat of said of the bank, including rejected or conaddition filed and recorded in tihe j tested claims, as shown by this reportBourbon County Clerk's omce in deed j js ,$406,151.81. The Commissioner nowbook yd, page zy; ironung ou ieet onFithian Avenue, and running back ofequal width to a 12 foot alleywith the line of lot No. 8 on the south152 3-4 feet with the line of lot No 10 ;on the north 189 1-4 feet and being apart of the same property conveyedto Geo. Alexander & Co., State Bank,by C. A. McMillan, Master Commissioner by deed of record in deed book91, page 324, in the office of the Clerkof the Bourbon County Court."The other real estate owned by the1 bank, the Commissioner has not at-tempted to sell because of the fact hedid not deem it advisable to offer it atthis time as he thiiitis it will bring abetter pr'ce later. Most of this property has been rented until the first ofOctober, and several parties have inquired about it recently with a viewto renting it, and unless the Commissioner sells it, he will make some arrangements to rent it.CONTESTED CLAIMS.The Commissioner by authority ofthe Banking Act or 1912, and actingupon advice of his counsel, rejected Jthe following claims, to-wit:N. Kriener $37,500.00 tJ. A. Wilson 20,000.00J. A. Wilson 2,539.56E. B. Sparks 15,000.00Mrs. R. Rudisill 9,000.00Jas. McClure 22,100.00'John R. Johnson 2,000.00Mattie Neal 50.00N. Kriener holds what he calls thebank's note for $37,500.00 and claims'that the bank, by it's President, Geo. jAlexander, assigned and delivered tohim, a number of bills receivable of 'the bank of Geo. Alexander & Co.,State Bank, amounting to $40,500.00, 'an.d ias brouSht suifc against the Commissioner to recover all of said collateral, which the Commissioner is.contesting. He has not filed suitagainst the Commissioner on his notefor $37,500.00.J. A. Wilson has filed suit -againstthe Commissioner on his "two claimsll.li"lil'W!lll"tunouRtin to 2263.JK and this m&tnw th Commissioner- is contesting.K"E. B.; Sparks has file uit ginstf-fViA Cln-m-miacin-ntiy. frtr. "l K AAA ftA nn1'the Commissioner is "contesting thisclaim. " ,Mrs. R.' Rudisill has filed'suit againstthe Commissioner upon her note for$9,000.00 and this matter the Commissioner is contesting.James McClure, Guardian, has filedsuit against the commissioner for$22,100.00 and this the Commissioneris contesting, claiming that in anyevent that Geo. Alexander & Co.State Bank, is not indebted to him inany sum in excess of $13,344.94.The Commissioner will likely contest or reject the claim of E. M. Dickson for $500.00 and before taking anydecisive action in this matter, he desires to examine the record in the caseof Skinner vs. Kerr, lately pending inthe Bourbon Circuit Court. He hasmade several attempts, to find this record but as yet has been unable' to seeit.SUITS FILED.The Commissioner has filed suit onthe note of the Paris Baseball Clubamounting to about $1,600.00. Thisnote was secured by a mortgage onreal estate, judgment was taken andthe property sold under order of courtfor $1,606.00. This with the smallbalance "to the credit of the ParisBaseball Club will practically pay thenote.We also filed suit against L. M.Kern and R. B. Hutchcraft on a noteof $200.00 and one against M. J. Murphy for about $1,200.00; one againstWalter Clark for about $2,500.00. Thedefendant, Clark, is a member of thefirm of Clark & Wills, this firm had ondeposit with the Geo. Alexander & Co.,State Bank, $2,918.03, and he claimsthat he has a right to offset his indebtedness to the bank by half of theamount of deposit of Clark & Wills.He has sued A. J. Winters & Co., onthree notes aggregating $4,800.00, andhe has sued William Berry on a liennote amounting to $1,929.27. Thesematters are now all pending in theBourbon Circuit Court.LITIGATION WITH THE DIRECTORSIThe only action thus far taken withthe Directors is a suit filed againstthem by the Commissioner to recoverabout $48,000.00 which the Commissioner claims they unlawfully paid outto the stockholders of Geo. Alexander& Co., State Bank, while the bank was iinsolvent. He is advised by counselthat the Directors are liable to him,representing the Depositors and Creditors in a large sum of money, sufficienthe hopes with other assets availableto pay the Depositors, and legitimatecreditors of the bank in full.He has not filed any other actionagainst them because he is advisedby his counsel that in the event he isnot successful with his litigationagainst the Fifth-Third National Bank,of Cincinnati, O., and the AmericanNational Bank, of Louisville, then theDirectors are liable to him for thesums which he is seeking to recoverfrom these banks, and he has beenadvised to defer any further actionagainst the Directors until he knows-he outcome of this other litigation.DISTRIBUTION.The Special Deputy Banking Commissioner now has to his credit, invarious banks in the city of Paris,sums of money amounting to $11S,908.52. Included in this sum is theproceeds of the collateral or at leasta large portion of it, claimed by N.Kriener, and in the action of N. Kriener against the Commissioner, Thos.J. Smith, and tho "pcn Deputy Commissioner, B. Woodford, N. Kriener,the Special Deputy Commissioner hasexecuted bond to the plaintiff, N. Kriener, to surreuder to saidKrienerall cf the paper described inKriener's petition an ounting to $40,300.00, ov in case he collects any otit, then by the terms of his bond, he isto return to Kriener the proceeds ofsuch papers. As a matter of protection to himself, he now asks, thathe be allowed to hold said collateral orthe proceeds of such of it, as he hascollected, until the case of Krieneragainst him is finally disposed of bythe courts.desires and asks permission of thecourt, to distribute all monies on handto the depositors and creditors of thebank of Geo. Alexander & Co., StateBank, withholding only such a sumas will be necessary to pay the costsof administraion, except he asks as amatter of protection to himself and tohis bondsmen, that he foe aljowedto retain the pro rata going to thosepersons whose claims he has rejected,most of whom are now suing him,until these matters are determined bythe courts. He says he is now able todistribute 25 per cent to all the creditors of the bank, whose claims he recognizes and he now asks that he beallowed to distribute 25 per cent tothem.All of which is respectfully submitted,THOS. J. SMITH,Banking Commissioner of Kentucky.By B. WOODFORD,Special Deputy Banking Commissioner.are usually thin and easilywomen, sleep does not refresh and the system gets weakerand weaker.Scotts Emulsion corrects nervousness by force of nourishment-it feedsthe nerve centres by distributing energy and power all over the body.Don't resort to alcoholic mixturesor arug concoctions.Get SCOTT'S EMULSfON foryour nerees nothing equal orcompares "'& inittt mthm genuine SCOTT'S:BffI !- sEVERV DRUGGIST HA3 IT. J1JL IH Mrtar 5bf YtdsrbStmg InoarafShkfr OriwMSMag IBi)HHrtifcThe four designs of Cortright Metal Shingles as shown above aremade in any of the following ways :1 . Stamped from Tin-plate and painted Red.2. Stamped from Tin-plate and painted Green.3. Stamped from Tin-plate and Galvanized by a hand-dipping process.4. Stamped from special tight-coated Galvanized Sheets.Each and every genuine Cortright Metal Shingle is embossed with thisTrade-mark, " Cortright Reg. U. S. Pat. Off."For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.-'W '" . Svva',rr9rii BourbonDWIS &Telephone No. 4.1 irBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky."When the1 o 1Men's thoughts turn to the problem of heating duringthe coming cold season. They figure to get the mostheat for their money.Try Fox Ridge CoalDodson & DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St. Both Phones 1 40QSfe(&rQjXjcs5S3fcgfGEO, W. DAVISFUNERAL DIMCIGS AND LICENSED EMBAIMELJBOTH'PKONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.Paris OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your' clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before:AII Work Guaranteed Satisfactoryv,n 0 nu uouica i cumma auu oiraw nats Cleaned andKeblocked;to your satisfaction.We Call Por and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.9wmie xvm uuuves oieanea, snort, iuc; long 25c. mw wvfMHaiMaHHiDON'T DELAY TREATINGYOUR COUGH.A slight cough often becomes serious, Lungs get congested, BronchialTubes fill, with mucous. Your vitalityis reduced. You need Dr. Bell's Pine-i Tar-Honey. It soothes your irritatedair passages, loosens mucous andmakes your system resist Colds. GivePine-Tar-Honey. It's guaranteed tohelp them. Only 25c. at your Druggist.(Nov,) - ; "adv.-HTi-tfiUHHLaundryFUNK, Props.West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes bBck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.&LBeeavesgin99urnCleaning Co.Quickly relieve RhflntnaMsin. Sore 31 -3' clea, Neuralgia, Backache, llcadicfae r.all pains. Your monir Lack if it fail tilieKlieTa any ar-ha in hit -nart nf tha bod.fifteen minutes time.Jmce OOc. Lt JLU JDrugffists,BOUftlON REMEDY COMPANY,MX Ea Main St.. Lxfeten.m r i- iiwgQ&c.i -fe.&?ZJ7 .1i x.LH.TU-;''mt" Zif r ui and Shade Trees, Shrubs,Grape Vines, Rhubarb, Asparagus, Peonies, Phlox,Roses, Etc.Everything for Orchard, Lawnand Garden.No Agents, free Catalogs.I. F. HILLENMEYEB8Lexington, Kentucky.2oclmCurtis SOverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Palronage SolicitedSew Barber ShopCorner Fourth and MainModern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j 11E. T. 334.Home 334.ResidenceDR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gFaris - - KentuckyJ. S. Wallingford, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,nes31 PARIS, KYT J. WILLIAMS,9 ATTORNEY-AT-LAWOffice, Basement of Court House.Bank Row Entrance.? CANCER CURED XI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH, JParis, Ky.- 4karirHiPJWHYir take chances withyour fowls?Bourbon Poultry Curtr or.ir!f. and otiick death tothe eerms of roup, colds andm)vr Infectious diseases, afew drops in the drinkicsr wateri kills the disease germs and prevents sickness. One 50c roraemakes 12 gallons or meaiciae.At drceists, or by mail, postpaid. Valuable pouitry bookrlrcfc.P1211 DCU1E0S 1SKDT CO., lexi4l" Ij.Notice.Your fodder in the loft, ra ia thecrib no trouble to to, all,SIDNEY . MAY,(C-2t) E. Tenn. Pkone 726.For Rent,Cottage on Vine Street, Apply toJOHN T. HINTON.(Nov.3-tf)lfFor Sale.PohvSiMWand .Blanket- ,,for- U f .TV W.HIX!ML iF m - y rv'i.BiJKm1ffffWfrSIP-fALEXANDE csE 'COtINUED TO NOVEMBER 23.In the Bourbon Circuit Court Tuesday, the case of the Commonwealthagainst George Alexander was calledfor trial, the case having been continued from the June term of Court.Mr. Alexander, was in Court withhis attorneys, Messrs. R. C. Talbottand W. H. Whitley, who asked theCourt for a postponement of the casesagainst their client, Mr. Alexander,until the March term of court.In support of reasonableness of theirrequest two affidavits were presentedto the court alleging among othertilings that the attoneys for the defense had but recently been put intopossession of the report of Mr. P. C.Snyder, the expert accountant, whoworked on the books of the defunctGeo. Alexander & Company, ' StjateBank, and on this account had notbeen able to familiarize themselveswith the conditions at said ,bank toan extent necessary for the properconduct of the immediate trial of thesaid defendant.An extensive affidavit from Mr. Alexander, who is to stand trial on 32 'indictments which alleged irregularitiesjin the conduct of said bank, was alsofiled in support of the request of thedefendant for a continuance to theMarch term of the Bourbon CircuitCourt.The Commonwealth, representedby Commonwealth's Attorney VictorBradley, and County Attorney GeorgeBatterton, objected to any delay of thecase, and it was finally agreed to setMr. Alexander's trial for Monday,November 23.The affidavit as filed by Mr. Alexander is as follows:STATEMENT OF GEO. ALEXANDERThe affiant, George Alexander, statesthat he is not ready for trial herein,at the present term of Court.Affiant states that P. C. Snyder, expert accountant, spent about eighty-l lour uays luveoiigauug uie cliiuus ui.I the George Alexander & Co., Statej Bank, that he lately finished his workana mat neimer amani uur ins attorneys had an opportunity of seeinghis report until the last few days, andthat (neither he nor his attorneyshave had sufficient time thereafter toexamine the same, it being very voluminous, containing 77 typewrittenpages and neither he nor his attorneyshave had time .to acquaint themselveswith said report, and neither he norhis attorneys are in a position to properly present his defense in the absenceof a greater familiarity with said report. Affiant states that the closing othe bank of George Alexander & Co.,State Bank, caused a stringency ini money matters in Paris and BourbonCounty, and produced intense and bitter feeling against the defendant inParis and Bourbon County, that theBanking Commissioner, Thos. J. Smith,who is the chief prosecuting witness, Ihas withheld from the depositors, 1who are numerous and have numerousllieilUb, U.11U. luaucuuiuuo uiiivwto .the county, all ofthe funds on handwhen the bank was closed, and all othe funds since collected by iiiim,and that while he has had enough'cashon hands for several months to makea substantial distribution, he has notmade any, and has, in this way, keptalive and unabated the feeling whichwas caused by the closing of the bank jShe is compelled to go to trial at the jnraont form nf this r.niirt he will bemade to suffer because of the failureof the Banking Commissioner to distribute the funds on hand atthetime he should have done so.Affiant states that thi)3 wrongfulwitholding from the depositors andthe public of the funds of the bankfrom distribution has aggravated andworried the depositors and the public,and that the affiant cannot at thistime, and on this account, get a fairand unprejudiced trial.Affiant further states that the affairsof the bank are so involved in litigation that it is now, and at the presentterm of this court, impossible for thedepositors to know what they willrealize from the distribution of thefunds of the bank, and that when thebank was closed and for severalmonths thereafter, reports were circulated in this city and county thatthe depositors would get but a smallper cent, and not over ten per cent, oftheir deposits, whereas the fact is they) lieves, a greater part of their deposits,and this fact when it has been made(known, by distribution and the depositors actually receiving their money,will remove much of their bitter feeling against this affiant due' to the reports thus circulated that little wouldbe realized by the depositors.Affiant states that because of these.false reports and the feeling theyengendered this affiant will not beable to get a fair and unbiased trialuntil the public mind is set right bya distribution to the depositors.Affiant states that R. B. Hutchcraft,who was reared in Bourbon County,and is about seventy years of age,was a prominent and influential citizen, and a man of family with a hostof friends throughout Bourbon County,and with large property and largepnd varied business interests, was adirector of the said bank at the timeit was closed. That recently numerous suits aggregating in the neighborhood of 75,000 were filed against saidHutchcraft to the present term of thiscourt, followed by an assignment forthe benefit of his creditors, shortlybefore the beginning of this court.That the liabilities or said Hutchcraftrepresent a large amount of money,nossibly $150,000 or more; that thisfailure of said Hutchcraft was a matter of great interest and concern to thepeople of Bourbon County and affecting many people and the public generally. Because of the aforesaid andalready existing depression in moneymatters in Paris and Bourbon County,and affiant states that after the closing of said -bank there ras talk in thisity and county, ot iiie directors, including said Hutchcraft, being suedfor the- failure of said "bank, and thatwhen said Hutchcraft was recentlyued by so many people the generalpublic attributed these suits againsthim to the failure of said hank, andwhile the said Hutchcraft owed thelfs Jdebts above mentioned mdividuaiiyind -independent of any liabilityhis- Hidebtexme'' ;THE BQURfiON NEW PARIS, fc WO.,' -" -HDEMOCRATS APPRECIATE WORK ,OF CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN RHEAi . 1nL&$S&&2i&3HON. THOMAS S. RHEAIn the placing of credit for the splendiu uorauv v.ctory i Kentuckyon Tuesday, the major portion is being handed to Thomas S. Rhea, of Lo-gan county, State Treasurer who ledthe fight for Beckham and Camden asr.ho:rmfln nf Hlft np.monratir. StateCampaign Committee. It was an. oldnAmAArnfi'n viAfnmr rvlo 11 r iUo.greatest in Kentucky in thirty years,the majority going above anythinggiven the party in that long time, andMr. Rhea was the recipient of hundreds of telegrams complimenting himon his leadership and campaign management for the party.It is conceded that the overwhelm-inf. result wa largely due to organi-aauuii, iu stLiuS lug licupic uiuuscuand to the polls to vote. ChairmanRhea has long been known down inthe Third Congressional district asa campaigner, but this was his firstexperience covering so much territory. He brought the methods of organization which made him so successful in county and district politicsinto the state fight. He devotedevery energy to the work, selectingnis own campaign committee and allof his assistants and personally directing every move that was made.Not content with running one specialtrain through Kentucky bearing anational character, Mr. Bryan, as thestar speaker, he conducted another ona more extensive scale, which carriedonly Kentuckians as speakers andcampaigners. This proved more successful than the first and did much toarouse the voters to the necessity forturning out on the day of election.County and precinct campaign committees were everywhere named earlyin the contest, and were kept intouch with the State organization andits speakers' bureau to the end thatevery section of Kentucky had itsknown to the general public until recently, and shortly before this termof court commenced, and the sympathyand compassion which the public feelstowards the said Hutchcraft becauseof said recent failure, intensified thefeeling of the public against this affiant as being the cause of the failureof said bank and aforesaid Hutchcraft.Affiant states that when the saidHutchcraft made an assignment forthe benefit of his creditors, the Lexington Herald, a newspaper of widecirculation in Paris and BourbonCounty, stated in sustance that saidHutchcraft's troubles were due to thefailure of said bank, thus casting theblame upon the affiant, and the affiantstates that the very recent and important event, (the failure of said Hutchcraft) occurring just before the beginning of the present term of thiscourt, has aroused public sentimentand public, feeling to such an extentthat this affiant at the present termof the court cannot get? an unprejudiced trial because of the reportsand general belief that the failure of jthe bank caused the said Hutchcraftto make said assignment.Affiant states that until the wide-spread sympathy for said Hutchcraft, croup I got him a bottle of Chamberso recently aroused by his assign- Iain's Cough Remedy. I honestly bement, made right upon the beginning lieve it saved his life," writes Mrs. J.of this court, has time to subside, this B. Cook, Indiana, Pa. "It cut theaffiant cannot obtain an unprejudic- phlegm and relieved his coughinged or fair trial. ,l spells. I am most grateful for whatAffiant states that he is not making this Remedy has done for him., Foijaffidavit for the purpose of delay,, but sale by all dealers,in order that he may .get a fair and , (Nov.) adv.impartial trial, ,Affiant further, states that the Bour-.jas Don xvews, a paper prwiae circulation siuir lsaii ouhk. juie cmpKens.au live iviminer..wnot4s a uig coarse uruie ajju i me ,aisgesuon. fot saie oy an dealras uns in fans ana bourbon uounty,wnas . on a up toantraiietney-get is ,-me axe, ; who uw,a,oDwo.c ?.; r . j. ot.; - My jll III HI I fillDemocratic speakers urging upon thepeople the necessity for going to thepolls and voting to uphold PresidentWilson and his peace policies for theAmerican people.The one feature of Chairman Rhea'scampaign which particularly stands outin the political battle just won was inhis handling of the political situationin the city of .Louisville and the FifthCongressional district. Confrontedwhen he undertook to make the partycampaign with the fact that the headof the ticket had lost Louisville inthe primary last August, and comingout of that city in the election ofTuesday with over twelve thousandmajority for that nominee, Democratichats are off to their chairman. Further, he had to deal with the fact that 'Louisville had had the habit for sev- jeral years past of only weakly sup-'porting Democratic candidates and ivery often giving a majority against rthem ai the polls. Out of all of thishe brought a result that far surpassed the expectations of those who iwere associated with him in the fight,the largest Democratic majority theFifth district has given in over a quarter of a century.The same clever methods thatbrought this about in Louisvilleserved as well in pretty nearly everysection of the state in the electionof Tuesday. Every Congressional district worked harmoniously with theState Chairman, and in every one ofthem the vote was nearly such as itwould have been Avith local races onin the counties.That the victory just achievedpaves the way for Democratic successin the State election of next year isthe opinion of the party leaders andevery one conversant with politicalaffairs in Kentucky. It demonstrates,they say, that the party is harmoniousand united.the second day of this court publishedan article, a copy of which is heretoattached, relating to and commentingupon a report made by the BankingCommissioner on yesterday, the firstday of this court; that said reportand said article commenting thereoncontains many material inaccuraciesto the prejudice of this defendant andsaid report and articles are misleadingand said report has been bo recentlymade and said article so recently published that this defendant would hehighly and greatly prejudiced by being forced into a trial at this term ofthis court. The said article is published in the Bourbon News withoutthe procurement and without the consent and against the wishes of theaffiant.(signed)GEORGE ALEXANDER.Subscribed and sworn to before me"by George Alexander, this, Noy. 10,1914., FRANKIE SIDENER,Notary Public.REMARKABLE CURE OF CRQUP.J "Last winter when my little boy hadTTbjis jjefcxly tojbed.tmd earlyv torise.M ,. vMMmMmymmi4'MMmifmmmvViT;$v,;V' - "v ,'- -' fi. SJmiiipiiMiMiir' -'NOWI IS THE TIMmTo Bay Your FallI Feld's Shoe Store, 1On-MainStreet Between Sixth and Seventh. j:WALTER MARTIN! NEW LIVERY STABLE!:!New Carnag8S9 Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.Horses Boarded By::ItHauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.' Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streeplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS.Stables EigthSt, Ma?nSt.!Bell Telephone10 CAUSESA telephone plant, no matterhow well it may be constructed, issubject to damage by the elementsat all times. In the summer electrical storms often put telephonesout of commission. One bolt oflightning can completely destroya cable containing two hundred ormore pairs of wires. This freTquenlly happens. In the winter! season sleet and snow storms playhavoc with our lines and cause notonly heavy financial loss, butgrave annoyance.Our system is constructed witha view to withstanding these destructive storms. We have builded one of the most modern telephoning systems in the world andwhen it is damaged we spare neither time no money in repairingthe damage as quickly as possible.The telephone is such a delicateCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYINCORPORATEDsTaking Notice."Sitting up in four days, eh?"Yep." "This is rapid progress. Thedoctor said it would be three weeksbefore you could sit up and take notice." "But he hasn't seen my prettynurse."A man is so .ornei.y that, he is realproud when he discovers that he can'tquit smoking.You can't somejnies' always tellfrom where.Vou sit I tknow a "ManTysp&BTAand Winter Shoes.i ne only thing you. -want co nnowis cne snoc: mt.store that sells the moststylish and most reliable,shoes shoes that lookgood and are good andgive you satisfaction inevery respect. This shoestore isERNEST MARTINDay, Week or ioith!Transfer Busi-?Both PhonesBulletinsOF TROUBLEinstrument that it is largely af--fectcd by the elements. Our subscribers are reasonable enough noVto blame us for annoyances caused,by. the elements. "When the lightning or a sleet storm or any other?occurrence puts your telephone out .,of service it does not mean thatour entire system here is disrupt- ;ed. Yours may be only one of a lsZllew teiennones atreeted. and atl .j j , v,your neighbors and friends aref "probably receiving the usual goodservice. " . ""We appreciate the annoyance of"being unable to use the telephones-'no matter what the cause. For'threason our energies are alwara ex-'erted to the utmost to makeprompt and efficient -repirat;"Prompt reports of troubles help usto put the proper machmeriate.motion quickly.A New View."What a nice, kind man Nero iwwj"What? Why, the,wretch fiddled wURome burned!" "I know-it v HtfproDaniy waited all "his life itr a-cnance when he wouldn't dfetwfc'one."IMPORTANT.Bear- in mind that nimiJUft;laDiets not oniy move the nonwoftrimprove .the appetite and etrei-;;?st ,V3 Wi r3-V ;'?:. .3.; ?&ti2rMlfltflRuML-JfHAMILTON HAMM.Hd,'W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParks Christian Church, officiated at-ifce seedling of Miss Eddie Hamm, ofCarlisle, and Mr. G. W. Hamilton, ofJNicholas County, at the Vindsor Hotel, at tliree o'clock, yesterday afterjmob. The groom is a well-to-do far-ttt-of the East Union -vicinity, inNicholas county, and the bride hasAeea making her home with her sister, Mrs. Owen Earlywine, in Carlisle.JMter the ceremony the couple return,d to Carlisle and will reside at thegroom's home near East Union.BOYD HAZELRIGGMiss Mae Boyd, the handsomeid attractive daughter of Mr. Wm.JJoyd, a well-known farmer of the Little Rock vicinity, and Mr. AndrewHazelrigg, a prosperous young farmerot the same neighborhiod, were marlied at the National Hotel, in Mt.'Sterling, on November 4, the Rev.' 3fr. Wilson, of the Mt. Sterling Baptist Church, officiating. Both youngpeople are well known in the county,and have a host of friends. The attendants were the bride's father, Mr.William Boyd, and her two sisters,Jfigses Minnie and Ulalie Boyd, and3frs. Iva Hazelrigg. For the present'Tthey will make their home with thegroom's father, Mr. J. H. Hazelrigg.ASHURST PINNELL.The marriage of Miss NancyHadys Ashurst. to Mr. Charles Pin--Hell was solemnized Wednesday afternoon at the home of the bride'sjiister, Mrs. Charles B. Ecton, Jr., at3W Boone .Avenue, in Winchester.tTke "home liad been prettily decoratjmL for the occasion with a profusion' of green foliage, while handsome potted chrysanthemums banked at the; ' abinet mantel in the parlor formed an' attractive altar. The interior had been-darkened and the soft glow from--ijgkted candles in handsome candel-abra at either side lent an added-karm to the scene. Rev. J. H. MacUeill, pastor of the First Christian' .airarch, performed the ceremony in asimple and impressive manner, in thepresence ot a lew rrienas ana meimmediate relatives.The bride, who is a daughter ofJtfr. Lloyd Ashurst, of Paris and agraduate of Bourbon College, wore ajstylish blue chiffon cloth tailored1 jiuit, with black picture hat trimmed-with white ostrich tips. She posses-me& a sweet ana loveiy uispusiuuua&a nas maae mauy true ineuus &iutcJ&r removal to Winchester.Mr. Pinnell is a prosperous andrpouplar young farmer. He and hisbride left after the ceremony for LexJagton, were they remained until yesterday at the home of Mr. Pinnell'sbrother, Dr. William Pinnell, and willgo from there for a visit to the bride'sWter, Mrs. "Garrett Kenney, at Mor3aad, Kansas. They will make theirliome after the first of December withhe bridegroom's mother, Ttfrs. AlicePinnell, on the Boonsboro pike.Amonc those from raris wno at-teaded the wedding were Mr. and Mrstodedtveamgwere r. J-Claude McGmnis, Mr. Lloyd Ashurst,!-Br., and daughter, Miss LulaAsh-Krwst,' and Mr. L. D. Redmon.FOOTBALL.The football teams of the Paris;HIgli School and the Lexington HighSchool -will 'meet in battle array atWhite Park, this afternoon and thepigskin artists of the Paris teamlrae to make things so very interacting for the Lexingtonians that they-will go back to their ourg wiui iue- sting of defeat for their only company.Paris has been playing lately inreatlv improved iorni auu uiey wn.appear to good advantage on thegridiron field to-day when they con-'front their opponents. The teamiopes to make this tlie banner gameof the present season, and if you careto see "some classy game" come outand "root" for Paris High School.''feven if it is Friday, the thirteenth,- iome out and' see , some game. It'will be worth the time. The gamewill be called at three o'clock, sharp.ONE CHILD AN EFFECTIVEPUBLIC HEALTH WORKEROne of the nurses representing theKentucky Tuberculosis Commission.recently went to all the schools of Anderson County to talk to the childrenabout "hygiene and the prevention ofcontagious diseases. She showed the- hildxwi how to make from a piece ofnewspaper a cup to receive the sputumany sick person. She explainedlow a sick' room should be ventilatedand' how carpets and hangings of allsorts should e removed from the sickroom. On leaving she gave the children copies of an educational bulletindistributed by the Commission.Later she heard that a very poorconsumptive had moved into one ofthese country districts. A visit to thehome revealed the fact that it hadfceea Visited by one of the girls in thiscpwatry school. She had read the bulletin." to the invalid and explained howthe room of a consumptive should becar4 for. The sick woman was followtmg her directions explicitly."Life ana health will always DeILaaferi& this community Decause oithis clrl and the one talk before theUUren ot this public school," saysMiss Sanaa Hunt, the nurse who amthe work.OCTOCER HONOR ROLL-HUTCHISON SCHOOL.Bfefetk Grade. Elsie Jacoby, 98;mth wtchie. 98: Sarah Franklin, 7;r Charlie Gimn,'96; John Ginn, 97.Seventh. Grade. Huston Jacoby, as;Alecn Gintf,-i7; Josie Jordan, 95.Ferth Grade. James Patrick, Mt;(Harjr Jordan, 9Q.TMrd Grade, Viola Jordan, yi;ly Jaooby, 97T Wiggins Ginn, 97;th Fraaklin, 92; wm. Kitcnie,James Patrick, 97; Robert Plun95. Saeond Grade. Nancy Brooks Step-t;-ay Franklin, 91; Jasperliajf H: Allan Creekbaum,Bruce Gear, 6; Preston Ginn, 94;Jordan, Jll Kooerc rwncito.Pi""?:9B5E9ES-REM.rK.'-.-r-A sale of fancy articles for Christmas shoppers will be Held by the Ladies' Bible Class of the MethodistChurch on Dec. 16.The protracted meeting being heldin the Clintonville, Christian churchby Prof. H. D. Calhoun, of Lexington,has closed. There were thirty-sixadditions to the church.Rev. P. W. Eberhardt has tendered his resignation as pastor of theFrankfort Baptist Church, having accepted the pastorate of the BaptistChurch in Danville. Rev. Eberhardtwas formerly pastor of the Paris Baptist Church, and is one of the bestknown ministers of the denominationin the State.Nine new members were added tothe membership roll of the YoungLadies' Mission of the Methodistchurch, at the meeting held with Mrs.J. A. Ruttencutter, at her home onParrish Avenue, Tuesday afternoon.A delicious lunceon was served to theyoung ladies by the hostess at the conclusion of the business session.The evangelistic meeting still continues at the Presbyterian Church,Rev. T. H. Atkinson, is deliveringsome fine discourses and large audiences are present at each service.Services will be held to-day and tomorrow, at 10 a. m. and at night at7:15. Sunday as usual, services-, at10:30 a. m. and evening services 7:15.Special music at night.At the Presbyterian church, Tuesday night, a large audience greetedRev. T. H. Atkinson, the evangelist,who arrived a day sooner than heexpected. He spoke on the subject,"The Faith That Saves." Rev. Atkinson is an interesting and convincingspeaker, and his discourses are sureto prove of material and Spiritualbenefit to the thinking man andwoman.The Union Young Men's BibleClass which was recently organizedat the Baptist church for the purposeof promoting social intercourse andthe study of the Bible, will electofficers and decide matters of interestto the class at a meeting to be heldat the Methodist church this afternoonThe meeting wjlTbe addressed by Rev.Geo. H. Harris, rector of St. PetersEpiscopal Church, and by Dr. O. R.Mangum pastor of the Baptist church.The temporary organization will bepresided over by Mr. Lewis Mitchell.The meeting will be held at 7 o'clock,and all young men are cordially invitedto attend. ,Born To the wife of Mr. HenrySlhwartz, of Columbus, O., a son.Mr. Schwartz is a son of the lateJohn Schwartz, of Paris.To the wife of Mr. Jesse Smithresiding on the George K. Jones farm,.. ntm.vie n1kp. Snfiav morn-on the Clintonville pike, Sunday morn-1ing, a son.WILL RECEIVE DONATIONS.The ladies of the Bible Class ofthe Christian Church will receive donations of clothing for the Belgiansufferers, at the church parlors, Nov.18, 19 and 20, from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m.The call is fully outlined in thelocal papers and -it is in answer tothis worthy cause that te' ladies ofthe Bible Class have pledged themselves and their best efforts to assistin relieving the suffering and need- inBelgium.BOX FOR HINDMAN SCHOOL.The W. C. T. TJ. will receive donations for the W. C. T. U. SettlementSchool at Hindman, Ky., up to andnot later than Nov. 21, at the home ofMrs. William Myall, on Main street.This box is sent every year, but asall the members of the W. C. T. U.are not familiar with the date, theladies request publication of the samein the city papers.HANDSOME PRESENTS. lA handsome present will Tie givenaway at each sale "at Winters'.TO HOLD "SILVER TEA."For the benefit of the Red CrossRelief Fund, a "Silver Tea" will begiven at the home of Misses Winnieand Lutie Williams, on Pleasant street,tomorrow afternoon, from two to fiveo'clock, by the members of the localChapter Daughters of the American Revolution. A cordial invitationis extended to the public to attend, asthe cause is a most meritorious one.APPOINTED TRUSTEE.Mrs. Mollie F. Snell, of the Hutchinson precinct, has been appointed byJudge McMillan as trustee for herhusband, Mr. W. B. Snell, who was recently adjudged incompetent to manage his affairs. Mrs. Snell qualified in$15,000 bond, with her sons, waroiaXXT onJ "VTintnf Snoll. AS KlirfitlGS. Mr,Snell has been in bad health for sever-al months.RIBBONS AND SUPPLIES.Full line of typewriter ribbons andsupplies.(13-2t) VARDEN & SON.MORE POLITICS.There isone continual round of politics. The.' smoke from the generalelection this fall will no more thanhave cleared away when candidatesfor state offices, Circuit Judge, Commonwealth Attorney, Circuit Clerk andRepresentatives will begin to feel thepulse of the public. And the campaign next year promises to be one ofmore than usual interest.The old-fashioned woman who usedto drink it because it was labeledPatent Medicine now has a daughterwh likes it mixed with a cordial ;itha cll6rry in tlie bottom as a chasersBIRTHSm. In"1,!,1 "i JiiiijfiteaageBBaagg-A'Columbia Theatre To-day."A Mysterious Mystery" Victordrama in two parts." Here is a playwithin a play one of the queerestmystery dramas you .have seen in along time."Beau & Hobo," Joker Comedy.)A rare comedy full of fun from startto end. One other reel will beshown.Columbia Theatre "Monday."The Trey O' Hearts" A. midem problem story written by LouisJoseph Vance.Three things surround the heri.George Larkin, which, as it were, atriangle. There's the vindictive bidman, Edward Sloman, as pure' hate,one of his daughters as' mixed. -hateand love, and the other daughter,Cleo Madison, as pure love. Thethree young; people make themselvesa trey o' heart. The picture has awealth of minor characters, somefriends of the hero, some adherents ofthe old man. The villian and thehero are both rich men.The prologue shows these, two girlsand the hero as children, and makesplain why the old man hated and helped to destroy te hero's father. Thefirst reel of the picture proper beginswith the villian's attempt fo crush anddestroy this son, now grown up.The villian's second card is the otherdaughter. She is By nature like herevil father, and' her, he sends with adefinite plan, this time to effect hisdeath in the wilds of Canada. Butfate again plays against the old man.The staging backgrounds and photograpy included are excellent. Thevilliany, personified in the vindictiveold paralytic, and many of the charactors stand out clearly. The youngpeople de well with their parts.(Advertisement.)Alamo Theatre To-day."THE DOLLAR MARK"World Film Corporationpre-sents William A. Brady, Picture PlayCompany, Inc., feature "The DollarMark," featuring Robt. Warwick, astirring tale of early cobalt dayh,when the lure of gold made men deamons and lives were held as dirt.Paris Grand To-night.Yussif, the Terrible Turk, theactual world's champion wrestler,will meet Billy Edwards, of Indianapolis, the reputed champion of Indiana, in Paris on this, Friday night,November 13th. Neither Hussaneor Edwards have ever appeared inthis city, but that they will give thefans a real runs for their money isassured.Hussane defeated Dr. B. F. Roller,one of the Paris favorites, at Lexington, a couple of weeks ago. Hussanetook the first fall in sixty minutes andthe second fall in thirteen minutes.Hussane toyed with Roller and"beat him on the bit." The Turk isthe only man in the world to-daywho has. a chance to defeat Stanislaus Zbyszko, the powerful Pole.The Turk has defeated practicallyevery American wrestler of class, andclaims to be the chamjpion to-day.Haussane tips the beam at 195pounds. He is the "greatest littlebig man" in the wrestling business.Edwards is a husky chap, weighing225 pounds, and said to be able togive a good account of himself withMie topnotchers. He has met antfdefeated some of the best men in thame, and he is sure to make thTurk travel some to beat him.d'he match will be staged at theerrand Opera House, Friday niglnGood preliminaries have been arranged, and the red letter wrestling nightu Paris appears assurea."MU.TT & JEFF" IN A NEW GUISEGus Hill comes back for a fourthseason with his perennial success,"Mutt & Jeff," in an entire new dress."In Mexico' is the title of the storythat is to form a back-ground for BudFisher's inimitable characters. In thisseason's entertainment there isn't athing left but "Mutt & Jeff." Thestory, music, lyrics, scenery and electrical effects are all new. Mr. Hillhas selectied a cast superior in every respect to any he has yet beenable to offer.It comes to the Paris Grand for anengagement of one night, Thursday,I Nov. 19. Secure seats in advance, as"Mutt & Jeff always play to overflow-! ing houses. Seat sale begins JMonday,I November 16th, at box office of AlamoTheatre. Admission, lower floor, $1;balcony, 50c and 75c; Gallery, 25eand 35c. (dav)EVERY LOAD GUARANTEED.We guarantee every load of coalto give satisfaction. Phones 336.(15-tf) J. H. BATTERTON."DO UNTO OTHERS."The public is cordially invited tp, asilver tea to be given Saturday afternoon from 2 to 5 o'clock at the MissesWilliams' by the Daughters of theAmferican Revolution for the benefitof the Red Cross Relief Fund. Donations from the sum of ten cents up,from those who desire to contributeto the relief of the European war suf-ferers, but who are unable to attendthe tea,will also be greatfully re-ceived.RIBBONS AND, SUPPLIES.Full line of typewriter ribbons andsupplies.VARDEN & SON.KENTUCKIAN CHOSEN FORPENNSYLVANIA HEAD.John Carey Acheson, President ofJ' the "Kentucky College for Women, lo-cated at Danville, who is well-knowriin Paris, has been elected Presidentof the Pennsylvania College for Women at Pittsburg, Pa., to fill the placemade vacant by the death of the Rev. IHenry .D LindsayCUT FLOWERS.Cut "flowers and funeral . designsphone me your order.THEATRICALVSTiH 7- ,JO. s.VARDEN.KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER, -,, . M. .. M. .. MM.M..M itttlAUCTION SALE"VINTERS'In order to raise cash immediately, I must sacrifice tmy stock, except diamonds, iREGARDLESS OF COSTAuction Begins Monday,TWO SALES DAILYBuy Your Christmas Presents DuringMr. Jack Spaudau, the Able Auctioneer from New York,will conduct the sale.::ttI"""""- 'We Furnishthe HomeWheeler's: For the Next Ten Days!Let us show you how you can furnish the home as you.would like it, and how small the cost will be.We are going to make this ten dsys sale a sale that willbe a big saving to the one that will take advantage of theseprices. Let us show you.A. F.Wheeler FurnitureCoMain Street.'H - X13 tfU-r v vAT-OR MANUFACTURING2:30Save Money.tewsAfeyyh,JEWELERS & SILVERSMITHS.OPPOSITE COURT HOUSEBigGHAS. GREEN, Manager,1 v As 3? V --PRICE.November 16PAND 7:30 P.M.the Auction and tCompleteOpposite Conrt Hme.SavingMK. UtL jpsJ.jn, icwaifi.y .c"RO- -s8..-rrv- U? i- t'--sVv'V&A - , .ill'-; ?.",b itT, ftt-n . --r 4.? x 5r'4'& -.'Vf- Z1;S-ii" " .-."s"?'-.'"- &V5,iHKf - L. tkFtZiHlS...T1, -,, a ;. - -& " i.V !" .F-sSL-$ .'i Sf.. " . ,.J2-?.A f . zi. JfP" 'M.' -- -IIasasjsi j'-- ":-.,h. --'i. ez , - v vviW aTHE BOURBON NEWS PAlM& kiBftmiCK IWVEMgii lfllHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADESODAtNPERSONALCOUNTY TAX DUE.The county tax listsarc now ready. Payyour taxes before Ee-cember 1, and savejjErie K5i -!. sii-alty that will attachon all unpaid taxeson that date.W. F. tALBOTT,Sheriff Bourbon County.Readers of the BourbonNews will confer a favor ifthey will call No. 124, bothphones, and telephone us anyitems of nejs they may learn,particularly the coming andgoing of visitors. If youhave guests, show them thecourtesy of giving their namesto our paper.BUYS McFARLAND SIX.Sit. George Williams Clay lias purchased of a Lexington firm a McParlaii'l Six 1915 model four-passengertouring car to be delivered Dec. 1.APPOINTED DEPUTY COLLECTOR.Mr. Ben L. Rucker, of Bourbon county, has been appointed deputy collector in the Revenue Service under Collector Ben Marshall, with headquartersct Lexington.FOR PUMPKIN PIE.Fancy pumpkins, best you eversa.(lu C. P. COOK & CO.JEWELRY AUCTION.Two sales daily, 2:30 p. m.7. ,j p. m., at Winters' auction.andBRING IN YOUR BOXES.Mrs. Ray Taylor :s able to be outafter a recent severe illness.Miss Nannie Miller has gone toAshland to visit her sister, Miss AnnieT. Miller.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft wasa guest several days this week of relatives in Cynthiana.Miss Anna Eads Peed has returned from a pleasant visit to friends inLouisville and Harodsburg.Miss Mabel Arnold has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Grace Maupin,on Price Hill, in Cincinnati.Mrs. Nathan Bayless was- a guestthis week of Mrs. J. W. Marshall, ofSouth Broadway Park, in Lexington.Mr. E. L. Worthington, a prominent Maysville attorney, is attendingCircuit Court this week in this city.Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Ardery willhave- as their guests to-morrow Mr.and Mrs. David Ardery, of Greensburg, Ind.Mrs. S. E. Berry has returned toher home in Cynthiana, after a visitto her sister, Mrs. Jas. D. Burnaw. vMiss Janie Marsh entertainedwith a sewing party Wednesday afternoon .at her suburban home on theMaysville pike.Mr. and Mrs. Allie Henderson, ofMt. Sterling, are visiting relatives inthis city. MrsBOOfLEGGER ARRESTED.WTs&f rrsXTtltWTrscmh5e afttHBsarMlI-, -Corbin Miller, colored, for whom awarrant was issued last week on acharge of selling liquor wjthout alicense, was arrested vestenta.v hvJ Patrolman James Moreland. Jn Judgeoauuai- a yuun ue was grven a nneof $52.50. Miller had been under surveillance for several weeks by theofficials, in connection with the illegal sale of liquor, especially on Sunday, and was caught with the goodson. Allie Johnson, another suspect,who was first taken into custody lastweek, was fined heavily and given ajail sentence. After the trial of Miller, warrants were sworn out for thearrest of two witnesses, Babe Parkerand Ed. Frakes, who were placed undef arrest and then put under $100bonds each to appear and answer thecharge of selling liquor withoutlicense. Frakes will be tried inJudge McMillan's Court, as theoffense with which he is charged isalleged to have been committed onI the Fair Grounds, which is in a localoption precmct. Parker's case willbe brought up before Judge Januaryin Police Court this - morning.-GOOD THINGS TO EATO vA sate of good tilings to eat'-will?be neia -at the millinery store of Mrs.Come Watson Baird ,on tomorrow,Saturday, Nov. 14, by the ladies of theClintonville Presbyterian c h u r c li.There will be a variety of good thingsoffered for sale that will appeal to theappetites of those who like goodliving.9B9mmWB9999999mmmmmmm9mm9mfrmmmmmmiimmmmALL YOURS BUT DIAMOND6.Winters' entire stock, except diamonds, will be sacrificed at auction,beginning November 16.ODD FELLOWS TO ATTENDSPECIAL SERVICE TO-NIGHT.The'CJarke's Remedies. IWe now own all the patents an d copyrights of the late Dr.Chas. J. Clarke. Dr. Upington will continue to put up these" reliable remedies under the original Clarke formula, and we willhave them in stock at all times.Among the best known are Clarke's Nerve Ease, Clarke's Tonic, Clarke's Face Powder, Parlsine Cream, Clarke's Tooth Wash,and Clarke's Cough Medicine."t-iILLITERACY CAMPAIGNInterest in campaign to stamp outilliteracy in the State of Kentuckycontinues to spread from point ' topoint until now the remotest parts ofthe Commonwealth are awakeningto the necessity of education.While the people of Paris are heartily in sympathy with such-a movement there has been little or no public agitation of the subject, from thefact that the educational campaign solong prosecuted in this county has developed the fact that the percentage ofilliteracy is very small.The peope of Paris will be greatlyinterested in the announcement justmade that Mrs. Cora Wilson Stuart,the gifted Kentucky woman, whoseAll members of Bourbon Lodge No.23, I. O. O. F., are requested to meetat the lodge room promptly at 7tonight. The lodge will go in a bodyto the Christian church to-night to attend the protracted meeting now inprogress at that churc.CUT FLOWERS.Cut flowers and funeral designsphone me your order.(13-2t) ' JO. S. VARDEN.HERE'S YOUR CHANCE.Auction sale at Winters', beginningNovember 16th.HOUSEKEEPERS.Also the following Poultry and Live Stock Remedies: Clarke'sLimberneck and Roup Remedy, Clarke's Liquid Poultry Tonic,Clarke's Gape Remedy, Condition Powder for Stock, and Clarke'sHog Remedy.We want to supply these preparations to their many old friendsand know they are deserving of new friends. We recommendespecially Clarke's Nerve Ease for headache, and neuralgia, andClarke's Limberneck and Roup Remedy for -Poultry disorders.These preparations have all been thoroughly tested and haveproven their merit. " VYour prescriptions accurately filled.The Ardery Drug Co.Clarke's Old Stand.Get the New Process Gas Heaterand Range the kind that saves youmoney and work!A. F. WHEELER & CO.Moonlisrht School -r' nrnier.t hnsHenderson was for-1 nation-wide' fame, will be in ParisA box supper for the benefit of the I men y Miss "loots wooas. I soon to speak in the interest of the? i 1 will be given at the Cunning-1 Mrs.E. F. Clay, Jr., will entertain j state-vide capaign against illiter-Laia school, near Escendida, tomorrow tne meniDers oi uie aix-nauu iuuvu. j acy. AIls stuart will speak in theUlub at er nome on uie uynuuanaj pike this afternoon at one o'clock.Airs. JOlin r . Jjavis euieruimeu iuemembers of the recently organizedAuction Bridge Club Tuesday afternoon at her home on Vine Street.Mrs. S. D. Turner and littledaughter, have returned to Lancaster, Iafter a visit to her sister, Mrs. H. u.Arnold, on South High street.All the members of the Art Clubare requested to be present at a callori mppHnp tn hfi held at the PublicThe Ladies' Society of the Baptist j Tnirnrv nt o nVloek this afternoon." "' r"' , ,, ,r!Mrs. William uurcnneia, oi vmcennes, Ind., arrived Wednesday fora visit with her sister, Mrs. HenryPower and Miss Mary Bashford.Mr. H. H. Floyd and family havemoved from the Lilleston cottage onSeventh street to the cottage of Mrs.Custis Talbott, on Houston avenue.Mrs. William Myall left Tuesdaynieht for Atlanta, Ga., where she willI i i li xti:aa1 -wM.rtv4-iM-i rf fhoatiena uie iiiLiuiiai vuucuuju . mWoman's Christian Temperance TJn-ixiglit. Come, bring a box, buy a box,take a box and be happy.A LIST OF BARGAINS.Read Lenihan's advertisement onpage 6. Some rare bargains in 'groceries. Read over the list.(It) T. LENIHAN.APRON SALE.(Jhurch will hold an "Apron Saleabout ten days before Christmas.5"he place of sale has not yet beendetermined.HOW TO SAVE MONEY.Euy a New Process Gas Heaterand Range, fromA. F. WHEELER & CO.chapel of the Paris High School onTuesday morning, November 25. Shewill no doubt be greeted by a largeand enthusiastic aucfience, as she deserves to have.HAVE A LOOK!Everyone is invited to Winters' auction whether they buy or not.HORSE INJURED. .THANKSGIVINGTURKEYS.We will continue toreceive turkeysthroughout this weekfor Than ksgivingMarket, which is unusually earlyy2cir. .- iChas. S. Brent &c Bro.ion.Judge Jno. M. Lassing, of Newport, and Deputy Banking Commission-One of the horses attached to theambulance of Mr. Geo. W. Davis became frightened near the InterurbanStation, near High and Fifth streets,Tuesday night, and proceeded to putup kicking exhibition that would hayecaused "Maude," of comic supplement! fame, to die of shame. The horsefinually became entangled in the ironwork and was only extracted after employing heroic measures. The animal was slightly injured. The teamwas in charge of Mr. Frank Trislerand a driver, who were just startingto Jacksonville, to assist Mr. Geo. R.erin attendance upon Circuit Court hereTuesday.irr. and Mrs. Charles C. Clarkthis1 will entertain at their home on theNorth Middletown pike tins aiieruuuuof the uouniryR R. Reverie, of Frankfort, were Davis in embalming the body of Mr.Turkey MoneyYour turkey money youryear's hard work, can beinvested to a good advantageby going to the Closing OutSale ofThe Cincinnati store,where you can buy Clothesand Shoes for the wholefamily at half price. Give us ta call and satisfy yourself.,I'I'I,i,ItIII''Z"IIIl"i"S"iMS"l"it4'Thomas, Woodford I& BryanFIRE, WIND AND LIGHTNINGINSURANCEON TOBACCO AND BARNS.THE HIATI 5TQEE4PROMPT SETTLEMENTS.15, rKlfcjUMAIM, Prop. .&&&&&xw&w&&frkw&&&&b&t'&,John Allison, who died there Tuesday. The driver, Mr. Trisler, and theambulance were uninjured.NEW BOWLING RECORDfor the membersBridge Club.The Ladies' Missionary SocietyTWO FIRES TUESDAY.on Mt. Airy avenue, Monday afternoonat 2:30 o'clock.aticq Willie Summers left Tuesday for Chicago to visit friends. HerPAY FOR TEACHERS.A new high pin record at bowlingwas established at the Yewell AlleysTuesday, when Doug Thomas, Jr.,"who all along had been afraid he hadforgotten how to "roll 'em over,"competitive match. The high score guest, Miss Grace Ribe in en-route toheretofore was 230, made by Bennett I her home in luannu, ruuyy .Tarr. accompanied ner.The following invitation has beenreceived and will be a beautifulevent of the Thanksgiving season:"You are invited to attend Thanksgiving Dance, Masonic Temple, Pans,Kv Friday, November 27th, 1914 9 to3." "Goodwin's Saxophone Trio, JohnM. Stuart, Ireland Davis."M vPaul C. Snyder, of Louisville,the 'expert accountant who was ini,oro nf the investigation of tnei books of the Geo. Alexander Bank inaris. was here Tuesday, navm& uwucalled as a witness in the Alexandercase, which were continued until Nov.23rd.A small fire caused by burningcoals dropping from a grate at thehome of Mr. John N. Davis, on Vinestreet. Tuesday moraine: was auicklyof the Presbyterian Church will meet extinguished by the timely arrival ofwith Mrs .Frank Fithian at ner nome the fire departmentTeachers of the county schools canreceive checks for their secondMonth's salary by calling at theoffice of Miss Mabel Robbins, CountySuperintendent of Schools, in thec nirt house. Miss Robbins has re-ohed a check for the amount due:ite teachers, and will distribute ther rney to the teachers as they callX it.CHILD BURNED.Nathan Bayless Adair, three yearsc'i, on of Mrs. Bruce Adair, sustained serious burns about the back andreck Tuesday morning by his nightc'ches coming in contact with theC-me from a gas stove, at the homecf liis mother, on Mt. Airy. His hipsr 1 arms were blistered and his .hair-:ized. His injuries are not lonsider-. wmmd. which is not seriousc 1 dangerous by the attending physi- c,.r.Mioc TTplen stivers,' ictare and Nancy Newberry, studentsTOM GEORGE MOVES TO 'at the MUiersDur;An early morning blaze at the homeof Mack Cooley, colored, on Williamsstreet, Tuesday, destroyed the housewhich was owned by Mr. Chas. J. !Lancaster. Cooley's household effects were lost in the fire.Fire, wind and lightning Insurance. Thomas, Woodford &BryanTHE REVIVALS.Interest in the revival meetings,which have been in progress at theChristian and Presbyterian churches,in this city continues to manifest itselfin the growing audiences that greetthe ministers each night. Rev. W. E.Ellis, at the Christian Church, andRev. Mr. Atkinson, the evangelist, atthe Presbyteran Church, are holdingthe attention of their auditors by theforceful and eloauent sermoss thevTfnnrfc; from the Lexington hos- are delivering:, and J:he SDecial sons"'"i' . . ,,- r,;j . r niov i t j i. i . , , .,pital state that won. &iuiusj v. wiv , . service rendered Dy me cnoirs at DOtn,,ri,o -chnt himself in the right side churches lends an added attraction to,.?ii a rpvilver Monday, is getting the services.along very nicely, and that he will? recover from the effects of theLucydentsFemale College, JVES TO 'at tne Aiuieisuu6 ""7J f"rmPr's., Bun niMri !,..i, iovo Hpp.n euests of the tormer sUUVV OUIuwmw "UU m,. T G--vorc! parents, Mr. ana m,. - - - rhome on CypressCome to my new grocery store in at their home on a Z 1the Dow Building, opposite Hotel ' have returned to Millersburg toWindsor. New goods and everything j sume their studies,at lowest possible prices. j Former chief of Police J. C. El-Sugar, 14 pounds for $1. j . ho has been 111 for some timeApples, 75 cents per bushel. S' Walker -avenue, euffer-Good Coffee, 15 -cents per pound. at in- nom paralysis Monday, andAll kinds of fruit cheap. fs renorted as being in a very seriousCome and see me at my new store, is reporxeu nephew,TOM GEORGE. condit on.. Hxs nieceiJVirS. Aiiuic -r -,..- -rvrrP.Elgin Sharpe, of Sharpsburg,wereBWWNlPCZ uTeSdayJ-ee.- , n WATERHAUL. -The burning of leaves in the j -a-o. .j;streets of Paris is prohibited by an! burglars who forcederdinance passed by the City Coun- 7to j Howard's groeil several years ago, yet no atten- an fgvniehtand forced open theUo3 is paid to it. It is claimed that eery Sunday rmgfr lod0ne Retailburning of leaves carry diphtheria j cash dnw mnst na q1? t., and for this reason, citizens cussm n" lroul3ie was selert asould'not burn them. Not only is ; tamed Jtor .w had beenM" burning of leaves a menace to gSe tower on Saturdayhealth, but is also a menace to JeP?. thp cash was taken out.Pronrrty, as a serious conflagration night w hen e o hav.onsue from the leaves carried jXmed by amateurs. The;bTu,h the air in a smouldering t "f.JSSa to Pltee-FOR RENTSecond floor front room, with electric lights and gas heated; very desirable location. Apply to(13-lt) MISS MARY RASSENFOSS.Bank Stock Tor Sale.Fifteen shares of Deposit and Peoples' Bank Stock.(13-lt) JOHN JOHNSON.For Sale.Restaurant and grocery at L. & N.Junction. Doing good business. Selling on account of ill health. CallEast Tenn. Phone 73. , (13-3t)Found at Last.-H3L ' .SSLJBmT Iifc, WW 4fMisouhtirpiehome last loryeaxs.ThereforeThat which you buy should be worth buying. We wsfeevery endeavor to keep a stock of theVery Best Furniture, RugsWall Papers$NO TIMELIKE THE PRESENT.' THE BEST HEATER AND RANGEt ,.;-.r r?n -nrpuifc itself 1 r.' no. Tftw -Process Gas Range' jou during Wiaters' auction; b& d Heater, from the leading stove Jf -ning Nweator, 16, tq. uy. yuain. : - t - wtTrto' Cljriatiaas gKuT v- f 7 U. F. WHEEBRfcThe Electric Dry Cleaning Co. isthe place to have your clothes cleaned and pressed. Old suits and overcoats made to look like ney. A trialwill prove this to you. Ladies' silkand fancy dresses a specialty. A11work called for and delivered by wagon. Alteration and repair work of allkinds neatly done.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.,JM. A. Cahal & C. C. Applegate,G27 .Main Street, Paris, ,Ky.CO- Umn i1C V V Wl0 1mnV.saiuuw :xo.o. . - va--"uw;and wiU be much pleased to have YOU come and in& wv w v allvestigate. We handle nothing second hand.. 4ITHE J. T. BINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky-Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance Wood MantelsMcDougal Kitchen Cabinets. ' roster Bros. Safety CrttSs. :i " i imiiiniinniiM-m&tif-rv.-jv-j ; 4-SJ Jk iv--f-m-9M-..- --4a.' .&S L.ft4fc - '1fit-IjHJ-r-i-j.,7'r Wkfo RAk urc p ahi tfrNn jrttv NftVEMtoEft tsk f flii"Jr r? -S- ?"' . ivlT1?, v T T i " """ ' t ; " -rlv T -p - . rfi v.ipiUiffK.jv-,(2 971400002Those of Middle Age Especially.When you have found no remedy for the horrors thatoppress you during change of life, when through the longlours of the day it seems as though your "back would break,-when your head aches constantly, you are nervous, de"ressed and suffer from those dreadful bearing down pains,don't forget that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compoundis the safest and surest remedy, and has carried hundredsof women safely through this critical period.Head what these three women say:From Mrs. Hornung, Buffalo, N. Y.Buffalo, N. Y. "I am writing to let you know how much your-medicine has done for me. I failed terribly during the last winterand summer and every one remarked about my appearance. I sufiered from a female trouble and always had pains in my back, noappetite and at times was very weak."I was visiting at a friend's house one day and she thought I neededXydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. I took it and have gainedght pounds, have a good appetite and am feeling better every day."Everybody is asking me what I am doing and I recommend Lydia E.ISnkhanrs Vegetable Compound. You may publish this letter if you-wish and I hope others who have the same complaint will see it andjget health from your medicine as I did." Mrs. A. Hornung, 9;LStanton St., Buffalo, 1ST. Y.Was A Blessing To This Woman.-So. Richmond, Va. " I was troubled with a bearing down pain andm lemale weakness and could not stand long on my feet. Of all themedicines I took nothing helped me like Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. I am now regular and am getting along fine. Iannot praise the Compound too much. It has been a blessing to meand I hope it will be to other women." Mrs. D. Tyler, 23 WestOopton St., South Richmond, Va.Pains in Side, Could Hardly Stand.Lodt, "Wis. "I was in a bad condition, suffering from a femaletrouble, and I had such pains in my sides I could hardly move. Before I had taken the whole of one bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound I felt better, and now I am well and can do a goodday's work. I tell everybody what your medicine has done for me."Mrs. Joiin TnoMPsoN, Lodi, Wisconsin."For SO vaaiv Tvilia K. Pinlrhnm'fl VAorafahlA fcycflnmnminrl line Iipaii -thf efnTilnTlmale ills. No one sick with woman's ailments i' does j ustice to herself if she does not try this fa-Baous medicine made from roots and herbs, itlias restored so many suffering women to health.WW (CONFIDENTIAL) LYNN, MASS., for advice.Tour letter will be opened, read and answered 0y a woman and held, in strictWhen a foolish young couple marryit isn't a very long journey from Casftes In The Air to Furnished Rooms ontke Third Floor Rear.The trouble with the good booksthat would lead a boy into the pathsf virtue is that a boy always fallsasleep trying to read the first page.4v4"f444IStTiJi Is It Worth Insuring?itAsk us to give you therates. We give especial at- ftention to all farm business.tTry us. Call 36 or 171 day,56 night.:;W. 0. HI-NTON?S CAMa!fXNEW FERM,.4i ATTENTIONFT t1POPLDo You Know We Handle Jthe CelebratedDetroit Jewell :-its Stoves & RangesCome and See. OarPrices Are Right.Plumbing and Electrical, Contractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.Ii ELKS' BUILDING.IE. T.FhoiwIWPboot01HiYOURCertainlySPG LGHRIS'ZsZCPAmm1vfni fck- II Vconhdence.DESPONDENCYDUETO INDIGESTION.It is not at all surprising that persons who have indigestion becomediscouraged and despondent. Here area few AVords of hope and cheer fortnem by Mrs Blanche Bowers, Indi-anar PU For years my digestionwas so poor that I could only eat thelightest foods. I tried every thingthat I heard of to get relief, but notuntil about a year ago when I sawChamberlain's Tabltrs advertised andgot a Dottle or tnem, did 1 And theright treatment. I soon began toimprove, and since taking a few bottles of them my digestion is fine." Forsale by all dealers.(Nov.) adv.Every woman says: "I don't carewhat the neighbors say!" But shedoes.. She can't sleep at night if sheimagines the neighbors are talkingabout her.Tell a girl that she has a prettynose and she will get cross-eyed tryingto look at it when there isn't a mirroraround.The Babylonians used to inscribelove letters on bricks and then exchange the bricks. But nowadays theIrish Confetti isn't exchanged untilafter a couple are married and throughwriting love letters.Women are such natural-born ham-'aawwrUT7Al V Jy IUsS"RTTffiutHAMjU mer wielders that it seems strange4. , that there are not more female blackf . smiths and boiler makers.PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.i LVe. Court House.Lve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m ""N 10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m' 12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m' 3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m- 5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m6.40 p m7:10 am7.45 a m' 8.15 a mI 8.45 a m9.15 a m9.45 a m10.15 a m10.45 a m11.15 a m11.45 a m12:05 p m12.45 p m1.15 p m1.45 p m2.15 p m2.45 p m3.15 p m3.45 p m4.15 p m5.15 p m5.40 p m6.05 p m6.30 p m'City Limits Only.iKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p iu2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m .- - 5:00 p m -6:00p m7:20 p mv S:10-p mLeaVe Pariifor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p mr m S:15 p msL 6:05 p mii5. .6:50. p m4-:o"$zjJ p m11:00 p-aLUKE McLUKE SAYS. (Cincinnati Enauirer.7, .vA woman , wouldn't want her ownway if she cold have it. xThe modern girl's idea of Love in aGottage is to have a $6,000 bungalow.The average woman would ratherhave a family tree" than a businessplant.The old-fashioned woman who couldoperate an 1875 model washboard now"mo a daughter who can operate a1914 model auto and who imaginesthat clothes wringers are equippedwith Self-Starters.The reason why a married man is always broke is because his wife is always expressing wishes and he has topay the -expressage.When you are thanking the Lord foryour friends, add a few words of gratitude for your enemies. One enemy injood working order makes you behaveyourself and gives you more free advertising than all of your friends put.ogether.This may sound queer. But if youpat a man on the back too often youwill cause his head to enlarge.A Texas man says he has produceda deodorized onion. This is real progress. It will make the onion as popular during Courtship as it is afterMarriage.The average wife seems to have theidea that the way to preserve a husband is to keep him in hot water allthe time.Nature does some queer things. Butyou can't accuse her of producing girlswith 40-inch busts and 16-inch hipslike you see on the street every day.All men are Liars. But the 1914June crop of brides is just beginningto realize the fact.When a widow marries the secondtime she isn't entitled to a divorce.She knew just exactly what she wasgoing up against. . .The High Cost of Living wasn'tmuch of an item in the old days whena dime package of corn starch wasused to powder the baby after hisbath, make Mother's tace beautifuland produce a bowl of blanc mange forAfter being buttonholed for a halfhour by a gabby guy, you sort of getthe impression that lockjaw isn'tsuch a terrible affliction.The old-fashioned man who used topump hydrant water on his face afterlimnfi-made shave now has a sonwho couldn't face the world until hereceived a 35-cent massage after thebarber gave him the once over.When Mother is angry with the children she tells them that they will goto the "Bad Place." But she isn't socareful of her language when she getsmad at Father.When a girl who is wearing a tightblurt nas a dis nuie m lug wi h-j. .cav.fi mi nf her stockinet she wouldrather walk home in the rain thanboard a street car.When the old-fashioned boy lost anarticle he used to spit in the palm ofhis hand and take his forefinger andhit it, and the way the spit would flywould indicate the direction in whichthe lost article could be found. Butthe modern boy who loses an articlegoes to a newspaper office and puts ina Lost Ad.When Father happens to rememberto wind the alarm clock before he goesto bed he knows that the family wouldbe in an Awful Fix if it wasn't for hisThoughtfulness.The women didn't have time to votein the old days before Home-MadeBread was supplied by the grocerystores.A Hero is a man who can walk intoPoison and drink it and walk out without offering to purchase for six of hisfriends who are lined up at the bar.Some men never have any luck because they spend air their time arguing that luck i3 against them.Woman is a strange creature. Shewould rather have a 15-cent husbandthan remain single and have $15,000,000,000 worth of freedom.A good hustler will -make a betterhusband than a good dancer, but youcouldn't get a Princess to believe it.Some husbands are such meanones that they refuse to quarrel withtheir wives because it costs them toomuch to make up.There is a whole lot of competitionin some families as to who shall bethe Black Sheep. .Somehow or other when you see aman who wears a derby hat with asweater, you know that when he openshis mouth he will say: "Were is themthings at?"It isn't "rocks" that cause most ofthe shipwrecks on the Sea of Matrimony .It is usually a lack of "rocks."We saw a girl the other day whohad side pockets in her skirt 3ust likea man has in his trousers. But thereisn't much danger of the dear thingswearing pistol pockets.When a man starts to go to the-devilhe nearly always takes a Avoman withhim.Twenty-five vears ago if a man warea silk hat in. the day time everybodyin town knew that he was a "Professor" who demonstrated Electric Salveor Indian Sagwa and formed a paradebehind him. But a, man can wear onenowadavs without starting anything.It is a wi3e man who knows that hedoesn't know anything about women.Tn nil the nasty mess of divorcescandals and affinity killings it certainly is a relief to see a nusDanu amiwife who are in love with each other.And there are a few of them left mthe world. .A man can have a fine time tellingwhat he intends to do. A woman canhave a good time telling what sheused to do.That new gown that fastens withonly two hooks isn't going to be popu'ar with the married women. Whatare husbands for, anyway?Just about the time when we shouldbe using all the cotton we can, somecheerful idiot inrented the peplum andsave the girls a chance to quit padling. The peplum is the little capethat hangs around the hips and giveshem the Corn-Fed effect.There are Several tons of four-leafclover in the pockets of the men youlass on the streets. But, somehow orother, Hard Work continues to deliverall the Good Luck. " " "You can always find out all the otherfellow knowTit you wilfrjlet Mm do allTAKfeS OFF' DANDRUFF' , U "HAIR STOP9FALLINQ?Girls! Try This! Makes Your HairThick, Glossy, Fluffy, Beautiful.,Within ten minutes after an application of Danderine you cannot find asingle trace of dandruff or falling hairand your scalp will not itch, but whatwill please you mbst will be after afew weeks' use, when you see newhair, fine and downy at first yes butreally new hair growing all over thescalp.A little Danderine immediatelydoubles the beauty of your hair. Nodifference how dull, faded, brittle andscraggy, just moisten a cloth withDanderine and carefully draw itthrough your hair, taking one smallstrand at a time. The effect isamazing1 your hair will be fluffy,and wavy, and have an appearance ofabundance; an incomparable lustre,softness and luxurance .Get 25 cent bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine from any drug store ortoilet counter, and prove that youshair is as pretty and soft as any thatit has been neglected or injured bycareless treatment that's all yousure can have beautiful hair and lotsof it if you will just try a little Danderine.Nov. 13. - (Adv.)Daughter takes a "natural" pictureby posing with sheet wrapped aroundher torso. But you would have to gointo the kitchen to get a "natural"picture of Mother.They have changed the styles inhandbags and are now carrying littlea peek in idle one of them and the contents haven't changed any. The oneiI saw contained a dirty powder pad,a big mirror, a theatre seat coupon, apostage stamp handerchief and a dime.IT REALLY DOES RELIEVE RHEUMATISM.Everybody Who is aflicted withRheumatism in any form should byall means keep a bottle of Sloan'sLiniment on hand. The minute vo"feel pain or soreness in a joint ormuscle, bathe it with Sloan's Liniment. Do not rub it. Sloan's penetrates almost immediately rght tothe seat of pain, relieving the hot,Lender, swollen feeling and makin?the part .easy and comfortable. Get abottle of Sloan's Liniment for 25 centsof any druggist and have it in thehouse against colds, sore and swollenjoints, rheumatism, neuralgia, sciaticaand like ailments. Your money backif not satisfied, but it does give almost instant relief.(Nov.) adv.Some genius is going to get rich byinventing stockings for Corn Feds thatare guaranteed not to produce Jacob'sSome felows who give a dollar ayear to the church expect to have theirprayers for a million dollars answeredin return.A girl will paste a bit of black courtplaster ,on her map and call it a beauty spot. But to a man it merely suggests a hidden pimple.LAXATIVE FOR OLDPEOPLE "CASCARETS.'Salts, Calomel, Pills, Act on BowelsLike Pepper Acts in NostrilsGet a 10-cent box now.Most old people must give to thebowels some regular help, else theysuffer from constiparion. The condition is perfectly natural. It is justas natural as it is for old people towalk slowly. For age is never soactive as youth. The muscles are lesselastic. And the bowels are muscles.So all old people need Cascarets.One might as well refuse to aid weakeyes with glasses as to neglect thisgentle aid to weak bowels. The bowelsmust be kept active. This is important at all ages, but never so muchas at fifty.Age is nota time for harsh physics.Youth may occasionally whip the bowels into activity. But a lash can't beused every day. What the bowels ofthe old need is a gentle and naturaltonic. One that can be constantlyused without harm. The only suchtonic is Cascarets, and they cost only10 cents per box at any drug store.They work while you sleep.Nov. 13. (Adv.)should be "nipped in thebud", for if allowed to rununchecked, serious resultsmay follow. Numerous hcases of consumption, pneumonia, and other fatal diseases, can be traced back toa cold. At the first sign of acold, protect yourself bythoroughly cleansing yoursystem with z few doses ofTHEDFORO'SBLACKDRAUGHT the old reliable, vegetableliver powderMr. Chas. A'.'Ragland, oMadison Heights, Va., says:'! have been using Thedford's Black-Draught forstomach troubles, indigestion, and colds, and find it tobe the very best medicine Iever used. It makes an oldman fed like a young one."Insist on Thedford's, 1Jieijriijinal and genuine E-67MISSED! The 2:301What else has he missed?AN OPPORTUNITY!C, Perhaps he didn't know the train time, his watch was wrong;C. If he had had a phone he could have learned the train schedule; hecould have learned the correct time.C And in nine cases out of ten he could have telephoned and saved.hours of time and not missed that opportunity.L The telephone in your house brings order into your life. . ltfFind out about our service today " ''Cbc Paris Rome telephone ana Cekgrapb go(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.aJ?all JLiurAREComplete.KIRSCHBAUM GUARANTEEDCLOTHES: $15.00 and $20.00Other Values $10.00 and $12.50.Shoes $2.50 to $5.00. Full line ofBoys' Clothing. Give .Us a Call.T-vsrmClothing and Shoe Department.L. WOLLSTEIN,! Prop.i0 2 QQfVAIBKiTWm- Bargain Prices.KINDLY CALL ATTwin Bios. Depaiinnf Slorc,Seventh and MainHandsome Resdence For Sale.l-My residence on Mt. OStj Is fer(sale. One of .the mot modern hauHn Paris. 4lhrefy co&YeniQao. prospective Dujf are uifitaa o, inspectthe bulling and preiis4p.cmu-tir ' ; Ba at a. PAT&iiCHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.inesNOW-FallAnnouncement All the IJatestFall Styles; inDress Goods,Dry Goods,millinery, etc.Wc Can Please YouSts., Paris, KyBrosExpert CarriagePainter-Mr. Percy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccesjsor, Mr. C. M . Hack,, for1 thepart'. yers, has opened a ajbom.at thecccW of Fottth and Hih StM andolfcitfc the pefapo&age. jo tfcejf $eedioi aiijriWn in.hte U& '" ' i -rBoth Ffaoaef U. . ' XaL,Mil OliM M 14 M p Wly c'&$. .igl ,&z. &i:W&&M j... - . - . ' .'"-v1TJM , . iaifw .1?- "-te -t-andP&tur. s- ..?r i n, i-qg'wimsg iAlir' -a-t ?.rr&&j 2-.. "nKentttckian EscapesBy Using Mayr Stomach Remedy.?ir. Burnett Says Wonderful Treatment Saved His Life WithFew Doses.He-race Burnett, of Somerset, Ky.,t f. sufferer from stomach disordersor a long time. His condition beamf highly serious and he feared anaperwiion.He took Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Ptemedy and got swift results.In a letter telling his experience he-wroie:"Tour treatment has certainly helped e wonderfully. I -took my fifthdose .ast night and it brought good result5. I have one more dose to takeand I ihink I will be well. Your tonici vnderful. I can eat anything nowthat Z want to. I can never getUroh thanking you for your medicine, 'or I know it saved my life, forI hae tried all the doctors and theys?ic would have to be operated on."THE"PRUDENTWILL NOTWSWDOiE WILL LMONEY INBANK FORwi yMBBPPwBMP 'Husbands :KM Just look at this picture and THINK aST0""'Then you will deposit money REGULARLY in" ourbank.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPITAL ..4150,000.00SURPLUS 50,000.00STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY. ... 1 50,000.00Protection to Depositors $330,000.00S. E. BEDFORD, President. C. K. THOMAS, Cashierjssamxi&5XXX?,-jVZ um iimiUEFFECTIVETRAINS AR,'0. '.4 Lexington, Ky., -Daily Ex. Sunday'4 Atlanta, Ga., Daily9 Cynthiana, Ky, Daily Ex. Sunday7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. SundayT Rowland, Ky., Daily Ex. SundayLexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday7 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily1 2 Lexington, Ky., DailyCincinnati, Ohio, Daily- Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. SundayMaysville, Ky., Daily Ex. SundayI N Lexington, Ky., Daily. . .v.n Knoxyille, Tenn., Daily" Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday0 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily Ex. SundayLexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday- Jacksonville,- Fla., Daily14 Lexington, Ky., Daily1 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily .-. 10:40 p. m.TRAINS'DEPART FORT.34 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily ' 5:35 a. m.S Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6:20 a. m.10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:45 a. m.4ft Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily Ex. Sunday 7:45 a. m.7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:47 a. m.17 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 9:43 a. m.7 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily ' 9:46 a. m.1 11 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:18 a- m-Jacksonville, Fla., Daily , 10:20 a. m.6 Mavsville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 12:05 p. m.13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 3:30 p. m.'"N Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 3:35 P- m.c9 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday. .' , 6:00 p. m.Rowland, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6:02 p. m.2 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 6:35 p. m.5 Lexington, Ky., Daily ...-...... 6:35 p. m.S -Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6 30 p. m.i.:i Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:4I p' m"-1 Atlanta, Ga., Daily - 48 P- ni.TRAINS ARRIVE FROM0.2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday v 7 : 38 a. m.4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday &:&u p. m.TRAINS DEPART FOR " v..1 T7ii,ct -rr.- T:1,r T7v CtinrtflV . ....'. 8 : 2o a. VI.l ijii uitt.LUi t, rvv unity -ua. ..3 smkfort, Ky., Daily Ex. sunoar v. ts ; ;-"" vwW t syw?ZZSmSXmSZOperaticf ''r -.i t.i .!-.Such letters come from all parts olthe country. This remedy is knowneverywhere for its remarkagle results. Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedyclears the digestive tract of mucoidaccertions and poisonous matter. Itbrings swift relief to sufferers fromailments of the stomach, liver andbowels. Many declare it has savedtheir lives.We want all people who havechronic stomach trouble or constipation, no matter of how long standing, to try one dose of Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy one dosewill convince you. This is the medicine so many of our people havebeen taking with surprising results.The most thorough system cleanserever sold. Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy is now sold here by G.S. Varden & Son and druereists p.v-ery where.Hm& 1 ISAi r i TnranriiiiMrT -hhbhpH. TIME-TABLEOCTOBER 18, 1914.RIVE FROMIt- .5:23 a. m.- 5: 30 a. m.7:35 a. m.7: 38 a. m.7:36 a. m.., ". 7:40 a. m.. 9:40 a. m.10 : 10 a. m.10 : 15 a. m.12:00 m.: 3:15 p. m.3:26 p. m.: 3:28 p. m.5:45 p. m.". 5:35 p. m.. .. 6:18 p. m.6:30 p. m.10:35 p. m.- . - .. - ., .m,;'- ,V , PAHAMA-'EXPDMTJON.it JJixiiundredJ-toj-meV KefitucManscomposing the , Kentucky? Society lotCalifornia, are going toMelp the Panama-PacificInternational ExpositionCommission of Kentucky build a Kentucky building where Kentucky exhibits may be shown at the Exposition.Hiram S. Shreve, of San Francisco,secretary of the Kentucky Society,writes Starling L. Marshall of Henderson, secretary of the KentuckyCommission:"At our last meeting, the secretarywas instructed tQ ask your honorablecommission to kindly send us 500 ofthe Kentucky watch fobs on consignment. We feel safe in assuring youthat we will dispose of all. Also sendus 200 of the subscription cards aswe will be able to use them also."At all times will the societythrough its secretary be at your disposal for anything within our powerto do. What we. all want is a Kentucky building at the Panama-PacificInternational Exposition where we canwelcome all our Kentucky friends andall their friends. This we are confident you are going to make possiblefor us."The Kentucky Soriety of California,it is stated by the Commission, holdsthe honor of having made the largestsingle contribution to the buildingcause. But everywhere there is anawakening of interest in Kentucky following the issuance of Gov. J. B. Mccreary's proclamation in which hestates that "it is if the greatest importance for Kentuckians to give quick andgeneral support to the campaign thatthe 'Kentucky Commissioners are waging to raise funds to erect a buildingand have Kentucky exhibits properlyrepresented.BEWARE OF OINTMENTS FOR CATARRH THAT CONTAIN MERCURYas mercury will surely destroy thesense of smell and completely derangethe whole system when entering itthrough the mucous surfaces. Sucharticles should never be used excepton prescriptions from reputable physicians, as the damage they will do isten fold to the good you can possiblyderive from them: Hall's CatarrhCure, manufactured by F. J. Cheney &Co., Toledo, O., contains no mercury,and its fs taken inteijnallyj,i actingdirectly upon the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system. If buyingHall's Catarrh Cure be sure'you getthe genuine. It is taken internallyand made in Toledo, Ohio, by F. J.Cheney & Co. Testimonials free.Sold by Druggists. Price 75c perbottle.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (Nov.) adv.MERCHANTS BEWARE.Frequently there comes to Paristravelers representing syndicate advertising concerns, and in almost everyinstance our merchants are- ;pickedup by them, and roped into contracts,which cost them a great deal morethan the benefits that are to be derived from this class of advertising.In many cases to secure the merchant with a contract these travelers,without authority make them advertising rates for the local papers, andmore or less causes an embarrassmentwhich is difficult to overcome.Any person should know that it iswell nigh impossible for ad writers inthe larger cities, many miles away towrite an advertisement that will dothe merchants business any good. Besides the stocjk cuts, specially designed for any sort ot business, arefurnished just the same in other citties. This class of advertising is practically worthless to the merchant.Who knows what he should say in hisnewspaper, while there is nothing inthe syndiaate service that is attractive to the public. The merchant whodevotes a little time to his writing isthe merchant who gets results quickly,and experience has taught us that noresults are obtained from the servicewhich is frequently imposed upon theunsuspecting merchants. They costdouble in the long run and are ineffective in the extreme.We had a caller at this office recently, who representing one of theseconcerns, sought our co-operationto separate the merchants from theirmoney in this manner but there wasnothing doing.This would be a fine world if youcould convert experience into cash asreadily as you can convert cash intoexpedience.The old-fashioned man who used tostay at home at night and play tuneson a Jew's harp never heard of anssucn animal as the High Cost of Liing, AN ACTIVE LIVER MEANS HEALTHIf you want good health, a clearcomplexion and freedom from Dizziness, Constipation, Biliousness, Headaches and Indigestion, take Dr. King'sNew Life Pills. They drive out fermenting and undigested foods, clearthe Blood and cure Constipation. Only25c. at your druggist.(Nov.) adv.And the old-fashioned ipan who usedto get a comb and a piece of tissuepaper and play "Old Dog Tray,, ana"Old Dan Tucker" had just as muchfun as the lad who is now paying $5per week on a player piano.There would be a whole lot more apnlause if people knew that therewouldn't be an encore.BEST COUGH MEDICINEFOR CHILDREN,"Three years ago when I was livingin Pittsburgh one of my children hada hard cold and coughed dreadfully.Upon the advice of a druggist I purchased a bottle of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy and it benefited him atonce. I find it the best cough medicine for children because it is pleasant to take. They do not object totaking it," writes Mrs. Lafayette Tuck,Homer City, Pa. This remedy contains no opium or other narcotic, andmay be given to a child as confidentlyas to an adult. Sold by all dealers.- fk Tl IT1 I IXJ I1U I S-ftlV.. - Imi Wi , " v1 I . - jjyWNTED.STA'Tlo'NWiY.-. - 7- Every farmer who owns his" jf armvusui, 10 nave prmtea stationery,with his name, the name of his postoffice properly given. The printedheading might also give the names ofwhatever crops he specializes in, orhis specialties in stock. Neatlyprinted stationery grves you a personality and a standing with any person of firm whom you write and insures the proper reading of your nameand address.If you wish to write to your Congressman or member of the legislature, or if you have a request to makeof your county superintendent ofschools, or if you Nwlsh informationfrom any business house, in any casevwir letter will have increased weightand receive more, and quicker attention if you use printed stationery.Get the habit. Come into theBourbon News, ofiic and have usprint you 500 sheets of good paperwith envelopes to match. It will beone of the best investments you evermade.LUKE McLUKE SAYS:(THE CINCINNATI ENQUIRER.)A farmer's idea of a dude is a manwho needs two forks when he eats ameal.A boy's dog regards a dog who letsa woman kiss him as a mollycoddle.A suffragiit says that some daywoman will fill men's shoes. A lot ofthem seem to be wearing No. S'sright now, my dear.There is a use for everything in theworld. Lightning struck a man whowas practicing on a cornet in California.ONE DOSE RELIEVESA COLD NO QUININE.'Pape's Cold Compound" Ends SadColds or Grippe in a Few Hours.Relief comes instantly.A dose taken eveiy two hours untilthree doses are taken will end grippemisery and break ap a severe coldeither in the head, chest, body orlimbs.It promptly opens qlogged-up nostrils and aL passages in the head,stops nasty discharge or nose running, relieves sick headiche, dullness,feverishness, sore throat, sneezing,soreness and stiffness.Don't stay stuff ed-up! Quit blowingand snuftin! Ease your throbbinghead! Nothing else in the world givessuch prompt relief as "Pape's ColdCompound," which costs only 25 centsat any drug store. It acts withoutassistance, tastes nice, causes no inconvenience. Be dure you get thegenuine.Nov. 13. (Adv.)When a man is full of his subject ittakes him a long time to empty himself. Do not chuckle when the family nextdoor is having one of the regular semioccasional battles. You can never tellthe moment your own Better Half willhop on you and give the family nextdoor a chance to chuckle.It isn't always love that makes aman attentive to his wife. Maybe heis afraid of her.It is mighty hard to tell whether theworld is laughing with you or at you.So don't get fat-headed.QUESTION CLEARED UP.Paris Readers Can NoDoubt the Evidence.LongerAgain and again we have read ofstrangers in distant towns who havebeen cured 'by this or that medicine,always been "Has anyone he4s in.Paris been cured?" The word of astranger living a hundred miles awaymay be true, but it cannot have thesame weight with us as the word ofour own citizeus, whom we know andrespect, and whose evidence we can soeasily prove.Mrs. Laura L. Lair, 1022 High Street,Paris, Ky., says: "I had rheumaticDains and my kidneys were irregularin action. I suffered from backachesand headaches and at times was dizzyand. nervous. A neighbor advised meto try Doan's Kidney Pills and I did.They made me strong and well. Ihave had no sign of kidney troublesince and I glady confirm the statement I gave praising Doan's KidneyPills at the time the cure was made."Mr. Lair is only one of many Parispeople who have gratefully endorsedDoan's Kidney Pills. If your backaches If your kidneys bother you,don't simply ask for a kidney remedyask distinctly for Doan's KidneyPills, the same that Mrs. Lair hadthe remedy backeG by home testimony. 50c at all stores. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. "WhenYour Back is Lame Remember theName."Nov. 13. (Adv.)Winter TouristRatesRound trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily from Oct. 1st, 1914, toApril 30, 1915, to all principal touristpoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico,Texas and Havana, Cuba, with finalreturn limit May 31, 1915, with verylibeval stop-over privileges. Also lowround-trip Home-Seekers tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, Louisianaand Mississippi, on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month, with finalreturn limit vfteen days from date ofsale. For further information, call onor address,J. K SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.mtj....yfcr-'.ammmmmmmmaaummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm"TO. 1 1 iTT..rr, , T ' . . ..r. r -i . . . . . 11 ji n 'X'f? ffFi SrSSVBntiL s xK vL ' Ba I mmmm -;!Tan' " FlA M Htt pmtmtll Jwhite W JKBr mrt ?Best lBVTW 10C Ifor the VrVTFTP EatiMtI "Shoe fTJWrJM Sj p ! 1,mm w rfBM T, , -IMPORTANT TO FARMERS.The attention of all farmers andstockmen is called to the "Farmers'Week" to be held at the KentuckyAgricultural Experiment Station, January 4th to 9th, 1915."Farmers' Week" consitts of aseries of exercises and exhibits of interest to farmers in the variousbranches of agriculture and includesthe annual conventions of the Kentucky Dairy Cattle Club, KentuckyBeef Cattle Breeders' Asjociation,State Sheep Breeders' Association,Kentucky State Poultry Association,Kentucky State Bee Keepers Association, State Horticultural Society, andKentucky Corn Growers Association.Each club or association has its ownprogram, participated in by its members and also by the faculty of theagricultural college and by certainmen from other states, of national orinternational reputation in their respective lines. NCompetitive exhibits will be held incorn and various other grains, in dairyproducts, poultry, fruits, tobacco andin woman's work. Very temptingpremium lists have been provided andthe exhibits compare favorably withthe best in the country.Of all the various agencies at workfor the advancement of agriculturein Kentucky, the work of Farmers'Week is one of the most important.After attending one of these meetings,the open minded, progressive farmerreturns to his home greatly benefitedby what he has seen and heard, he isrefreshed and has a new enthusiasmfor his work upon the home farm inwhich before had seemed vauge if theyIt Is Time For You to ThinkAboutHEATINGSTOVESWe Have Every Kind of Beating and Cooking. Stove Made!THE RADIANT HOME-best heater tn'Xthe world. 'S THE CELEBRATED! WILSON GASS HEATER.S THE O. K. LINE OF COOKING STOVES. VCJ They have no equal ,J n fact everything from the smallest toS the largest. See our line and get ourPrices.Uowry & Taibott.tQGs9cec$69a9ceeei?vMM117Lbs- GranulatedSugar(With a 2.002.1-2 pound can Tomatoes.solid packed. . 9c2 1-2 pound can Sweet Potatoes, 9cSugar Leaf Can Peas, 20c value 17cSugar Leaf Can Peas, 20c v alue 14cCardinal Brand Peas, 12 l-2c value " . . . ? 10cBaby Bunton Corn, per can 8cElephant Corn, per can 8cPie Peaches, per can 8 l-3c rHunt's Peaches, per can 23cLemon Cling or Sliced Gold en State Can Peaches, 20c val 18c2 1-2 lb. can Hawaiian Pine Apple.. '. 23cMacaroni, 10c package 8cGolden Medal Oats, package - 8c-Cutono Oats, package . . , . 8cMother's or Quaker Oats .. 9c16 oz. package Seeded Rais ins .......' 12 l-2c12 oz, package Seeded Ra isins 9c16 oz. package Currants '.v- 12 l-2cMince Meat, 3 packages , 25c2 large Mackerel -.15c3-tie Brooms, extra good 20ct4-tie Brooms, extra good : 30c4-tie Brooms, 50c value .-.40cHarrison's Buck Wheat Flo ur, package JLOe,Don't think 'because" our terms are cash you have to cometo the store. We have both phones and the delivery boy carries change with him, so you may pay at home as well as store.Watch our space every week and see what you can save bypaying cash.It. c. lenihanzCash Grocer. Both Phones 234P&&&bBM1 "had been thought cr at all. At4tW"gathering one comes in friendly ctact with the best and most progfft -sivefarmers and stockmen of-tfMrcountry. t 'Reduced rates have been graatoftby all the principal railroads in Katucky. ,Farmers' Week is the first of listen weeks winter course in agricvfcLture which course is especially &- t,signed to meet the needs of btupfarmers who can devote only a limitedamount of time to agricultural coUtgwork.Particulars regarding the individual'' rassociation meetings and the coiapotitive exhibits, premium lists, etc., sairbe obtained by addressing the Agricul- vtural Experiment Station, LexfngtoKentucky.TRY THIS FOR YOUR COUGH- 4Thousands of people keep coughitbecause unable to get the right rem-edy. Coughs are caused by Inflamm-''tion of Throat and Bronchial Tub.'What you need is to soothe this Inflammation. Take f)r. King's NewDiscovery, it penetrates the delicatemucous lining, raises the Phlegm, 'ani'-i quickly relieves the congested membranes. Get a 50c. bottle from yoiurdruggist. "Dr. King's New Discoveryquickly and completely stopped" myI cough" writes J. R. Watts, Floydale.Texas. Money back if not satisfied,but it nearly always helps.(Nov.) adT.What has become 'of the old-fashionedman who wore knit galluses aniblue yarn socks with white toes-!-Purchase.)I$1.00!fhl- ,':-:- Xffltr-rX4t . -iS .3 -JTf1 a'-j... A -.?fiZiS 'i wr---Ar.. ,uJl- u.tSltaldBfcsJL&lJ....uif 4k.?,xr- dLAJAZAL.iJ3Qk iiwA Aiiir .tetf.&ii&M4tiltAfjlMTHE BOURBON JWS PARIS, 4 KY., NOVEMBER 13, 1$141?. , -L lii li ' 1 ,i wn Yt , - - 4f-HEWS OF MILLERSBUR6Mrs. J. P. Hisks left Monday for-a visit to 'relatives in Cynthiana.Messrs. W. R. Barnes and C. N.Jolmson continue about the same.Mr. and Mrs. D. P. Jones were inCincinnati from Tuesday until to-day.Mrs. Elizabeth Miller entertaineda Dumber of her relatives at a diningTuesday.' Mrs. A. S. Best will entertain anumber of her lady friends at oneo'clock to-day with a luncheon.The students of the Millerburg"Graded School will serve pies in theschool building this evening beginningat seven o'clock.Miss Wallace Layson left Thursday for her home in Olatha, Kansas,after a protracted visit to her aunt,Kts. America Tarr.Miss Ruth McClintock has returned from a two-weeks' visit to her sis--ter,Mrs. Turner Perry, in OwingsTille. Mrs. Ralph Bonar arrived Wednesday at the bedside of her sister,Mrs. Jessie Wilson, whose conditionis critical.Miss Jessie Mae Ockerman, ofLittle Rock, will be the guest of.Mrs. Raynion Taylor, from to-day toSaturday.There will be a students' recitalat the M. F. C. to-night. All friendsand patrons of the institution are cordially invited.In the football game betweenCynthiana High School and M. M. I.-un the Cynthiana grounds the scoreresulted in favor of Cynthiana.Mrs. S. C. Bascom and littledaughter, Sue, left Thursday for a-two-weeks' visit to her sister, Mrs.Ralph" Miller, at Cincinnati.Miss Mary Virginia Campbell, ofTuouisville, arrived yesterday to bethe guest of Mrs. T. P. Wadell. Mrs.A. S. Miller entertained in honor ofMiss Campbell at a noon luncheon.Mr. John Corrington returned tohis home at Nicholasville, Tuesday,after a several days' visit to hisbrother, Mr. C. W. Corrington andwife.The Imporvement League of thecolored public school have purchaseda new piano from a Lexington" firm.The same firm also sold a piano to the-white Methodist Church.Among those ivom here who attended the local option contest trialat Paris, Monday, were Dr. C. C.Fisher, Revs. J. D. Redd, A. S. Ven-aol-s,C. O. Cossaboom, Dr. W. M.Miller, Messrs. M. E. Pruitt, O. H.Collier, D. P. Jones and others.Mr. Chas. Friend, of Tecumseh,Orila.. was recently elected CountyAttorney of his county by more than700 majority. Mr. Friend was appointed to the office about two years-ago and proved more than satisfactory to his constituency. He wasnominated in the summer and had aneasy race. Mr. Friend has been inOklahoma but a few years and inthat time lias made a large circle offriends throughout the State. He isa son-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. J. H.Camenter, having married theirjTOungest daughter, Miss Eddie. x His JDEATHSALLISON.raany friends here will belearn of his success.glad toFollowing a protracted illness dueto a complication oC diseases, Mr.Jno. B. Allison, a former resident ofParis, and for some years engaged infarming on the farm of Mr. Wm. H.Whaley, near Centerville, died Tuesday night.Mr. Allison was a son of the lateMr. William Allison, Sr., a well-knownfarmer who for many years operateda freat mill near his home known asthe "Allison mill." Two children, Mrs.Harry Marsh and Mrs. Margaret Metzger, survive him, also a sister, Mrs.Ami Dorsey, of this city.The funeral services were held yesterday morning at the grave in heParis cemetery, at 11 o'clock, conducted by Dr. O. R. Mangum, pastor ofthe Paris Baptist Church. The ballbearers were: Newton Jett, BenRucker, Jos. Shannon, Chas. Buchhanan, Jno. Sprake and W.H. Whaley,Jr.BRISTOW.Prof. F. L. Bristow, of Covington,one of the best known musicians inthe State, died at his home, in Covington, suddenly, shortly beforenoon, Wednesday, of heart trouble,superintended by acute indigestion.Prof. Bristow had attended a churchsupper on Tuesday evening, and onJ. P. Rankin, J. 11. Hbnican, W. Jkf.Wood, Thos. Williams. vDRENNAN.- .Little Ruth Drennan, the Hfteen-months-olddaughter of Mr. and Mrs.Dan Drennan, died at the home ofher parents in Mayslick, Wednesdaymorning, of colitis. Mrs. Drennan wasbefore her marriage Miss RydaThronton, of Paris, and is a .sister ofMrs. John Connell and Mrs. DenisDundon, of Paris.SEE.Miss Mary See, aged 59 years,died at her home on Bank street, inMt. Sterling, Wednesday night ofdropsical affection, from which shehad been an invalid for almost herentire life. She was a native of Bourbon County and a member of theNorth Middletown Christian Church,the body was taken to that place forburial yesterday. Miss See is survived by two sister, Mrs. Lusy Russell, of Mt. Sterling, and Mrs. J. M.Betty, of Paris, and one brother, nowin the south.OLIVER.Stricken several weeks ago withtyphoid fever and hovering betweenlife and death for several days, MissNettie Oliver, aged 25 years, died atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, Tuesday morning, at which institution she had been a highly valuedmember of the nursing staff.Miss Oliver, while in charge of atyphoid fever patient at the MassieHospital about two months ago, contracted the disease, and for a time itwas thought that she would recover.Mrs. Margaret Talbott, and v four chtlfdren1 one- daughter, Mrs. Drusie Talbott Mitchell, and three sons, Messrs.Harry, Joseph andGeorge Talbott andone grandson, Mr. Richard Talbott, Jr,The funeral services were held atthe family residence yesterday morning at 10 o'clock by Rev. Dr. B. M.Shive, of the Paris Presbyterianchurch, and the remains were interredin the family lot in the Paris cemetery.The pall-bearers were R. K. McCarney,Newton Mitchell, Frank B. Carr,James H. Moreland and J. W. Throck-morten.returning home became very ill. Just j a few weeks ago she suffered a relapse, and from that time on deathseemed a matter of but a few hours.Miss Oliver was a native of MercerCounty, and was a daughter of Mr. andMrs. Jas. Oliver, who moved to thiscounty two years ago, and lived onthe Weil farm, near Elipabeth Sheis survived by her parents, Mr. andMrs. James Oliver, two sister, MissesMary and Eva Oliver, and fourbrothers, John, Howard, Leonard andMerritt Oliver, all of this county.The remains were removed from theHospital Tuesday to the' Oliver homewhere the funeral services were conducted Wednesday afternoon at twon'ftlonk. conducted by Dr. O. R. Man-before noon Wednesday he attemptedto walk across the room, when hesank to the floor and expired in ashort time.He was 74 years old, and for yearshad been a teacher of music in thepublic schools of Covington. He wasnoted as a choir director and as acomposer of sacred music, and for along time was a teacher of music inthe Millersburg Female School, whenthat institution was conducted by Dr.Geo. M. Gould. He was also prominent in the camp-meeting servicesheld at Parks Hill, in conjunctionwith Prof. Fogg, the well-known cornetist. Prof. Bristow was well knownm Paris, where he lied otten taken i .1T1, of tiie Paris Bantist church andpart in church choir service and in , the burial followed in the family lot inmusicales. ( tne pariS cemetery. The pallbearersXEAL I were Frank Redmon, Albert Johnson,-Mr. James Neal, aged 65 years, a ' J?1' cGils J wim' W"'former resident of Robertson county. illa H0".lniT,3lU '.n f'fine character and disposition, and waswell-liked by the attaches of the Hospital, and by all with whom she was associated. TALBOTTMr. Richard Colgate Talbott, agedsided for some time in the old Bacon ' 71 years, died at his home on the cordiel here Wednesday night, of soften-J.ing of the brain.Mr. Neal was a Confederate soldier, and saw active service in Morgan's Command.He moved here several years agofrom Robertson County, and had reHome on South Main street.His wife died some years ago. Heis survived by two sons, Gillard Neal,of Paris, and Willard Neal, of Robretson county; also by two brothers,Mitchell Neal, who is at the Confederate Soldiers' Home, at Pewee Valley, and Thos. Neal, of Robertsoncounty.ner of Twelfth and Pleasant streetsyesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock, following an illness of 18 months fromparalysis.Deceased was a native of Texas, butcame to Paris about fifty years ago,Mr. Tabott was for thirty years pumpmaster for the L. & N. Railroad Company, having charge of all the pumpI '. - .. -.- i T t i 1The funeral services will be held ing stations on tne ivenuc.y em.at the residence of his son, Mr. Gil-, Division. A few years ago Mr. laniard Neal, on South Main street, this ' bott was retired on a pension by theafternoon at 3 o'clock, conducted by railroad company in recognition of uieRev. J. S. Sims, of the Methodist long and faithful services rendered theChurch. The interment a ill follow in ' company. Deceased was also a gaiHit p-.T.ie .omoforv Tiio nnii.honrpr! innt Confederate solider.! will be John S. Jones. J. T. Ingram. Mr. Talbott is survived by his -widowgovernor Mccrearyissues proclamation.Governor McCreary issued hisThanksgiving proclamation Friday, asfollows :"To the People of Kentucky:"It is proper that we should turnat a stated time in each year ill praiseand thanksgiving to Almighty God torHis many blessings to the people ofKentucky."The year now drawing to a closehas "been conspicuous for manifestations of His kind and benecient dispensations. "While war has desolated and devastated many nations, we have enjoyed peace and prosperity, and thedivine declaration, 'On earth peace,good will toward men,' has encouraged and made our people happy."Our state has had 'prosperity,abundant harvests, productive industries, law and order, and the gloriousheritage of self-government has beenmaintained and strengthened, and theyear has brought a greater desire forachievement and more abundant causefor praise and gratitude to God."Wherefore, I, James( B. McCreary,Governor of the Cominonwekltli ofKentucky, designate Thursday, thetwenty-sixth day of November, nineteen hundred and fourteen, as a day ofthanksgiving and prayer, and inviteall the people of Kentucky to ceasetheir accustomed occupations on thatday and give thanks and praise to Godfor the blessings conferred upon usand to humbly beseech" a continuanceof His mercies."i s : : ' ' L " . i-OTHR GIFTS FOR THE SLIF- t' FERING BELGIANS.The Woman's Adult Bible Class ofthe Christian Church will be glad toreceive any articles of clothing formen, women or children which theywill pack and send to the povertystricken Belgians. Winter is comingon and the suffering in Belgian isterrific. They are without warmclothing or money to buy, so any donation will be greatfully received atthe Christian Church on Thursday,Friday and Saturday of next week,from 9 in the morning until 3 in theafternoon.SAVE YOUR COAL BILLS.When you get ready to lay in yourwinter coal we can save you money.Phones 336.(15-tf) J. H. BATTERTON.BOURBON FARMERS WILLBENEFIT BY COLD WEATHER.The beautiful weather which prevailed thoroughout last week broughtwith it "the hunters' moon," whichlooked smilingly down upon a scene ofpastoral beauty peculiar alone to theBluegrass section. Meadows clothedin rich green verdure, forest treesgorgeous in autumnal tints, great golden pumpkins ripe for the Thanksgiving feasts, and the tender green of theearly seeded crops showing throughthe rich brown soil.The freeze of about ten days ago,while not heavy, was of much benefitto tobacco, bringing with it conditionsfor stripping and also tending todeepen the color, which is so greatlyopen the color, which is so greatly dedesired by growers. No date has beenset for opening the local market,though probably the sales will startbefore Christmas. Last year about$200,000 was placed in circulation before the Christmas holidays throughthe tobacco sales, and proved a benefitand a blessingGASFor Safe:Two gas stoves, nearly goodnew. Inquire at(13-lt) STAG HOTEL.asNotice to CreditorsAll persons having claims againstthe estate of J. J. Peed, deceased, .npresent same properly approved to meat Millersburg, Ky. All persons owing,estate will please call and settleRUTH E. PEED,AdministratrixEstate of J. J. Peed, deceased.(10-1 mo.)FOR RENTFour-room cottage, on Harmon Av-I enue; furbished or unfurnished; gasjfor heating and cooking. Rent reasonable.(6-3t) MRS. T. A. VIMONT.jHM.?'I'I";I":"lSri''M',I''?'Ii'HHEATERS!PRICES$4.00 TO $25.00INSTALLED.Satisfaction Guaranteed.Paris a$ $ Electric Co.(Incorporated.)UNION CENTRAL1 LIFE INSURANCE CO. IStrongest Company.Lowest Net Rate.I Miss Kete Alexander !AGENTI ALSO SOLICITFire, Windi and Automobile IInsurance I.X.I',I',I',I,,I''I',',l''I,,I''l',i'V'I',I',I,,I,'I,,I,VV.,li,V,,land will greatly appreciateyour consideration.MISS KATE ALEXANDER. I- " mmm"31 tagggf HrTHE STOREaV . W0to 1 I fell i4 WALKxoyVER3 V jlgpYgig"AWALKF16Lb. Best StandardGranulated Sugar$1.00Over-'" FOR EVERYBODYWe Attribute the Growth of Our Shoe Business to the Poling Facts:Our Shoes are Better,We Give Better Values,Our Styles are the Latest,While Our Prices are the Lowest.li1aBfrnfiT 'n. fix-!) fWhen We Say That OurMen's, Women's and Children's Shoesare better shoes and better values than can be obtained elsewhere for thesame money, we believe what we say--andl we have the shoes to prove it !4Ve Have Everything to Meet Your Winter Shoe Necessities and We AskFor Your Consideration,High Quality Footwear at Special Bargain Prices This Week.2 BIG SPECIALSSaturday, Nov. 14, Onlq9f99t99999999999Onr entire stock of Shoes, also heavy Dry Goods and !Ladies' Ready-Made Garments at a great sacrifice to make Sroom for an enormous stock of Holiday Goods. SPotatoesExtra FancyPer BushelOr 1 7c a Pck65cNow is the time to lay in your winter supply of potatoes. The first cold snap will raise the price.ij BUSY BEE GflStt STORE, iFee's Old Stand, Main St., Paris, Ky.wfSSSS . IS I'M vvw&i ) i" ,ji t-?.tMID.3STCOIE:srskGreatest Shoe Store"The best investment I ever madeand it only cost $15The Victor-Yictrola amuses and eiL'-catcs the children, ani makes thev.'h -family happy. : "It brings into the home a wealth Oi music that is o tI of all proportion to its small cost. ';You can ret a Victor or Victor-Yictrola ricrht awayoi our easy-payment plan. 15 to 200 for a AlctorYictrola. $io to $100 for a Victor.O e v and sec a:: J hear the different styles. $I"v, . .fcDawnIBiosBHR?w'4-iv -