rOURBON NEWS.T.& &m&? -r :M M Ht iiJTiaTHfc,J .PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FBIDAT IN THE YEAR4u.VOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1914..DO CAUSE FOWEEKSSALESBESTOF ANY DURINGENTIRE SEASON4NO ORDERS F1RINESTU LANDiiWE KNOW HOW"XJ,.ER GRUZ,r"5" "ri";, "n xRALARM OVERTHESITUATION HEREHealth Officials Think ThereIs No Danger of SmallPox Epidemic.PriceslHold UpWell In Spiteof the Poor GradeOffered.CONDITION IN PARIS'IS REASSURINGCases Nowflsolated and Patients Are UnderGuard.286,000. POUNDS AT.SALE SATURDAYOver Four Million PoundsHave Passed Over Market This Season.The small-pox situation in Parisand Bourbon county, while so far giving no immediate cause for alarm,has become a matter or deep concern,especially among the health officersof both city and county.It has developed that reports regarding the situation have been somewhat exaggerated, and while thereare a number of crises the conditionas it appears is not as critical as theformer report would indicate.Local health authorities have beengreatly handicapped in their efforts tocheck the spread of the disease, owing to its prevalence in adjoiningcounties, and the manner in which itis being handled by the officials. Constant travel between points wheresmall-pox exists, is said to aggravatethe situation here, and most of thejases in this county -;an be traced totheir source.With a view of' providing a placewhere those infected can receiveproper treatment County Judge C. A.McMillan has decided to secure abuilding out in the county to be usedas an eruptive hospital. He statedyesterday that he did not believethere were any grounds for immediate alarm, and expressed the opinionthat the health authorities would ina short time be able to stamp out hedisease, and "that without very muchtrouble.A sweeping order has gone forthfrom City Health Officer Dr. A. H.Keller for a strict compliance withthe State law regarding vaccination,and as a result a large number havebeen submitted to the treatment. Inthe past few days the Health Officerhas vaccinated two hundred persons,most of them in the southeast portion of the town, where the residentsare most likely to come m contactwith, the disease. Everything in thepower of the health officials is beingdone to reduce the number of newcases likely to appear, and every precaution is taken to prevent those whohave been exposed from coming incontact with other people.In an interview last night Dr. Kel-1ler said: "The reports as to the condition in Paris have been greatlymagnified and there is no reason whatever to feel the least bit alarmedover the situation. All of the patients are isolated, and to my knowledge there exists in this city buttwo cases. The patients are recovering rapidly and will be ready to bedischarged from quarantine within ashort time."All the other patients are confinedm the pest house under strong guard-day and night, and when a new casedevelops we lose no time in transporting the patient o these quarters.The Health Board is receiving thehearty co-operation of both city andcounty, and there is every reason tobelieve that the situation is well inhand at this time, and the citizensneed have little fear of serious results. "The people in general are complying readily with the order issued bythe Health Board, regarding vaccination. This will greatly assist theofficials in their efforts."Dr. Keller will make a visit to thepublic schools today and will vacciInate all pupils in both the white andcolored schools, who have not complied with the order of the Health the part ofBoard. wore light.It is the opinion of many that ifthe Tialth authorities of neighboringcounties had exercised the propervigilance the condition in Bourboncould have been averted. Reportsfrom cities along the line of the Louisville & Nashville railroad betweenCorbin and Paris are to the effect thatmore or less small-pox exists. InWinchester the situation is said to .bevery serious, and the State Board ofHeath, it is reported', has sent a representative there to investigate. Corbin the end of this division of the L &N., is said to be literally alive withsmall-pox, numerous cases appearingdaily. Lexington is reported to havea number of cases, .all of which arein quarantine.,Small-pox made its first appearancein Bourbon county several monthsago, and the source can be traced directly to railroad laborers, who, becoming infected, moved from onotown to another in an effort to avoiddetection, and this is the ca'iso of thecondition in Bourbon county at present.WPresident Wilson Character- yfizes Report as "Interest-mo- "FTirtinn "..- -. AWW..VIMEXICAN SITUATIONSLOWLY CHANGINGMitchell & Blakemore'sCLEAR ACEMexican Rebels Massacre 250Federals NearVanegas.The three sales held on the localtobacco market last wTeek were, considering all things, about the best thathave been held during any week ofthe present season. Prices were goodconsidering the quality of the offeringand growers were well pleased with(he prices received.The dry weather which prevailedthe early part of the week, made itdifficult to handle the tobacco andfarmers who had good tobacco tooffer would not assume the risk ofhaving it damaged, consequently themarket was flooded with the lowestgrades. In the three sales of theweek a total of 678,665 pounds weresold.At the sale Saturday 286,050 poundswere disposed of for $34,049.42, an average of $11.90. The morning salewas held on the old floor of the building of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co., and during the afternoontobacco on the new addition was sold.The grade of tobacco offering in theafternoon was far superior to that ofthe morning sale and much betterprices were realized. The sales todate amount to 4,246,000. Receiptscontinue heavy and indications pointto a full floor for the sale to-day.The following are some of the cropaverages for Saturday:Woodford & Honican, 3,580 pounds,for $574.88, an average of $16.25.Collier & Mastin, 3,185 pounds, for436.08, an average of $13.69.T. W. Thomas, 6,885 pounds, for86.25, an average of $14.32.liller Lail, 1,660 pounds, an average of $13.50.Ardery fe Earlywine, 2,395 pounds,:an average of $15.83.Ferguson & Bramel, 9,175 pounds,an average of $14.30.Talbott & Wagoner, 13,880 pounds,an average of $12.41.Skillman & Myers, 3,340 pounds,an average of $16.25.Jones & Case, 7,555 pounds, for$1,624.49, an average of $14.05.Ardery & Midlin, 1,955 pounds, for$339.97, an average of $17.30.J. H. Bell, 5,185 pounds, for $834.95,an average of $16.10.Houston & Houston, 2,940 pounds,for $541.66, an average of $14.50. sNevt. Strawther, 5,120 pounds, for$705.20. an average of $13.77.Beach & Hinton, C.S15 pounds for$629.12. an average of $16.40.Beach & Carpenter, 2,765 pounds,fo? $541.50, an average of $13.60.Clark & Baker, 7,570 pounds, for$1,044.42, an average of $13.00.WASHINGTON, Jan. 26. President WilBon to-day characterized as"interesting fiction" published reportsthat orders have been sent to RearAdmiral Fletcher to land marines atVera Cruz and keep open the road toMexico City in case the Huerta administration collapsed.From the White House point ofview, the situation in Mexico .is slowly changing, and the Huerta government is undergoing a "natural decay."There is no particular developmentor critical situation in the Mexicanproblem, or any otner foreign question, the President explained to-daywhich has caused him to call theSenate Foreign Relations Committeeinto conference to-nightA general consultation on foreignaffairs was the reason given for themeeting, the President making itplain that although he had tried tokeep in touch with the committeeheretofore, he woulu now be able togive a rather systematic attention toforeign relations. The President hasa memorandum for to-night's conference, covering a variety of subjects.MEXICO CITY, Jan. 26. One hundred women and children and onehundred and fifty soliers were massacred by rebels recently near Vanegas, noilh of San Luis Potosi, according io reports received here.The scldiers with the women surrendered to the rebels and were takento a ranch near Matehula where thealleged butchery occurred.ifajor Rebollo and Captain Ramire and a handful of men were th.only on3 to escape. They arrivedhere bri' sing news of the affair,which occurred several days ago.I J?1wV(4:.'s;SALENow Going OnEverything in, Our Store:."T" IVGUUCI''its:iMitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's Styles's? MSSBBSwWKKfParte, KentuckyLEXINGTON.Sales this week on the Lexington tobacco market amounted to 4,283,705pounds at an average price of $12.52a hundred. This is the greatest number of pounds sold in one week in thehistory of the local market.Considered as a whole, the qualityof the offering was- rather inferior.Lev grades prevailed and much decidedly common tobacco was sold.Colory, while .not verya much in evidence, was in good demand at aboutthe same prices as heretofore, ranging up to $33 the bundled. The market throughout the week was strongand while sales seemingly had a ten"SECRET MEXICAN PROGRAM."WASL'NGTON, Jan. 26. It is given out on the authority of a highMexicar source that President Wilson's secret Mexican program is asfollows:1. The voluntary retirement ofPresident Huerta under pretext oftaking charge of the Federal army.2. Th elevation of Francisco DeLa Ban p. to the Provisional Presidency in Huerta's place.3. Th j recognition of the De LaBarre government as de facto in thehope th.it it will acquire sufficientstrength to bring permanent peace toMexico.This i. the plan which the President has been trying to work out sincehis conference with Special EnvoyJohn Lind at Pass Christian.SfHBJn!niNUHiylKtJOmttHri1!7TiWl?rmmtitffi:RvJ tF& maL 1ml:n?m!3WBSpnjaflawMnwwiiuifiwwwiN bK&COThe Store Where Reliability Reigs.WINDSOR HOTEL MAY BESECURED -BY CINCINNATI MANmMr. R. S. Dunbar, of Cincinnati, O.,has been here for several days in aneffort to close a deal for the purchaseof the Windsor Hotel, in this city.Mr. Dunbar has been in conferencewith the owners, a syndicate formed j $by the late Judge Parker and underthe management of attorney GeorgeWebb, of Lexington.Mr. Dunbar has made an offer for&t3Now Showing NewSpring Wash GoodsAnd 'O4i-White Goodsof all kindsthe property, which has not as yetS; to dSs at me,'itTas" due ! ?eon accepted by the owners, but ,tjat a very early date.The prospective purchaser is a hotel man of considerable experience,and was for seventeen years managerof the Gibson House, one of the mostfamouB hostelries in Cincinnati.rather to the poor quality of the tobacco than to any lack of interest onthe bayers. RejectionsWINCHESTER.About 250,000 pounds o tobaccowere sold Saturday at Winchesterat $2 to $20. The quality was onlymedium.FRANKFORT.A total of 84,285 pounds of tobaccowero Fold in Fran-vorl Saturday atan average of $11.7.1 Ahe hundred.Prices ranged from 1h. 'o 20 cents.meeting of creditorsTO Ht neuu iuuHtfa'Big Bargains in Suits, Dresses andCioaks, Odd Pieces amiA. M. Cox. referee m the bankruptcv case of Albert Jones, proprietor ofthe National Five and Ten Cent Store,in this city, has called a, meeting ofthe creditors to be held at the courthouFf this morning at which a trusteewill be selected to take charge of theaffaiis.While in Paris Saturday Mr. Dun-:bar, secured figures on the probablecost of of fitting th& hotel properly tomake it one of most modern in Cen-tral Kentucky, anVit is said that inevent the dea f ges through theamount of $10,000 will be expended in vjgimprovements. It Is his plan in event Mr. m -- Abe secures tne property to equip iirwith steam heating apparatus, havethe building rewired throughout forelectricity, have "the plumbing all over4lr Vimic-o cr-ir0 nVfif HTir "hflfhs in- Istalled on every floor. '5SIt is the oninion of Mr. Dunbar that ""wiParis can afford a great opening fora first-class hotel, and it is his intention in event the deal now pendinggoes through to make it one of themost attractive in the State.Remnants ofSilksjuinens18 CASES IN LEXINGTON..LBXINGTOX. KY., Jan. 26. Mot-TvlfhntnTiiimr hr trf-Tifiral Order OfvacclaaUcn Issvsdbytke City Health Sngton and Eastern railroadBoard several days ago, and everyprecaution to prevent the spread ofthe disease, the number cf smallpoxpatients continues to increase at theEruptive Hospital near here, there being now 'confined there eighteen neeores who drifted into Lexingtonfrom the railroad camps un th Lex-LacesHosieryCOME IN AND SEEDress Goods'Wash GoodsHamburgUnderwear5-TLost.Silver mesh bag, containing $20. incash, Saturday afternoon, betweenMerringer's plumbing shop and myhome on Fifth street. Finder will berewarded - upons its. return, ta'MRS. VISUM AN- LANCASTER1 1 FRANK cSc C9wirmitmtimuKnrai Kttiutjmtni tmuiKoifitii&$$!!mmwvAmmmmmmmmmm kkr&V;rr-4iM4w&v mt'S-r'&iV-4' -T"-5.Al-VKSrT'-... -Mrnu'4 ''ImJs'F. ,ti.THE BQURBONNEV &M& ?vfc.M i UCKYv JANUARY 27 t.K4.4 -"' ,ask the mmwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works for him. He will reply: .'f! '- -fU - " ' :firt ille Boar&oni IN ews batiste-V:'-1.2,:3.Sells My Products 4. Protects the HomeGets Best Prices ' o; Helps the HousewifeBrings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and Over$Established 188132 Yeats' oftinouous Puolicatfon.ConSWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky.Post office as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Seven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sepdior DooKiet.r information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompany."? -.Incorporated .Protect Your HomeArid Safeguard Your Family and Val-ables by Installing: : HOME TELEPHONEr-'- .instamtconnection with Fire and Police Departments and4... liUQ. other Telxphones in Paris and Bourbon County. ' 'yt. . ir ; -$all our Contract Department to-day. ;. T wLolal and Long Distance Service- lie Paris Rome telephone and Cek'graph Co.(Incorporated)'SrSx:tinBourbon Laundry!DWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaytri-tde ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamou- fo fine work and itdever goes heck on its reputation. If you are particularabtiut how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon LaundryParis Kentucky.fPublished Every Tuesday and. FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in A'dvance.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements. $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent insr.ertionReading Notices, K cents per lineeach issue: reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper' stock intrade and source of revenueNO MARKED CHANGEIN SPRING STYLESNarrow Skirts, Tunics andFlounces Still Characterizethe New Gowns.THE NEW MILLINERYThe Best in the World1 The HigfSfin All-MetalScreens,Higgin AU-Metal" Weather Strip.Distributors of the Walger NewcTViodel AwningThe Best Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris Massie Hospital, A.L Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others,Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought now for future delivery are "made atcents'ifer square foot cherper.T. A. Hendricks,Sales AgentPhone 2585 Lexington, Ky.MNEW YORK, January 26. Newsfrom the center of fashion Is not soalarming as reported a few weeksago. Then it was said that Februarywould bring such a change in themethod of dressing the hair that thestyles we have been laboring for,changing our figures and point ofview for, would be completely out ofdate.February is not quite here, but authorities reassure us and say that theskirts will be as narrow as ever, draping will continue and tunics and panniers are with us for some time tocome.The bustle will probably provemore popular than it has so far. Itis simply a bit of bow or drapery inthe back, so arranged that there is adecided bulge below the waistline.The spring fabrics are being shownin all the large stores. The array ofcotton materials in a ratine weaveseem to be heavy sellers. It is not tobe wondered at. The plaids andchecks and stripes which appear inthese materials are most "strikingand beautiful.There seems to be no doubt ithatScotch plaid will continue to be wornthis season. During the winter itwas very popular, worn as tunics, girdles, cuffs, collars, and skirts belowcoats of plain material in the dominating color of the plaid.i.i. " -::fifst Ulustratibn, .hr-itA1riwt. of ;eeruuste maaa .surijvice imuiw.wme , trm or aace ioupw.s wie aiub u.Jie suoLee .opening around' the n$ck.At th i back of 'the heck it is of plaidcot6n eponge, having red as a prelor.nrv. color, with a little black.nj vii o to tone it. The skirt ismade with pleats on each hip, givingthe up-to-date peg-top appearance. Awide l.clt an-1 shoulder straps of tar' v f-:mplete this costume.Taffeta 'is extremely stylish and n ':aerou" irodels in advanced styles are?hown nks having a prettilyprinted fgure are very smart, combined with a plain contrasting material ' he second , figure shows apleasing example of this style. Thewaisf f tunic are of creamy printedlilk, wifh collars and cuffs of bluishray. The skirt is of bluish-gray-.otton duvetyne.Cotton duvetyne, which is our ad-.ation of the material of the samename, which has been so popular allwinter, is a welcome addition to the-.ummer materials, , especially for--parage suits and separate skirts.The pile is not so deep as in the winter material, but it is very. pliable andirapes beautifully.A few days ago I attended a reviewof summer millinery. The hats weresplpyed on a manikin, and it wasnoticeable that they were not set aslow on the head as formerly. Theears are really and truly exposed.Some of these hats are small, andfollow closely the latest successfulwinter shapes sailors that are verygood for the debutante; some are covered with moire taffeta, and trimmedwith a Pierrot ostrich pompon. Another shape, , which would be becoming to the young woman who haseen out a season or two, was anelongated tricorn of black straw. Onone side was a large bow of light yellowish-greenribbon. The other sidevas ornamented by a square jet button having a large oval pendant suspended from it.A shape which will probably takewell is called the "Breton." It ismall, and has a rolling brim. It wastrimmed with two large ostrich pompons. Some ingenious young man started out on the quest of something totake the place of the feather quill.,which has been used so much on ourhats. He found an African porcupine, extracted a quill, sandpapered,oiled, and polished it until he had native quill that looked like the quillfrom a feather. The milliners havetaken these as a foundation for ribbonfeathers. One pleasing little hat hadfor its single ornament one of thesequills surrounded by a deejply-tuckedpiece of ribbon, with ends of the quillshowing at top and bottom. It wasatractive, chic and unusual. Amourning hat was shown with upturned brim, covered with crepe,had machine stitching all over it,about a quarter of an inch aparfThis simulated Persian or baby lambastonishingly well.There are fads in dress which comeand go. A woman, to be in the fashion must follow conservatively someof these ideas Dame Fashion is sofond of springing upon us.One of these trifles, which has theadvantage of bringing a somewhatout-of-date dress up to the pink offashion, is a large linen collar, withflarng points at the shoulders, stiffened to stand out and away fromthe coat or frock. This is very smartupon a woman to whom it is becoming, but let the other woman beware!r Msfe'?ftGEO. W. DAVISFPNEiAL DIRECTOR AND OCENSED EMBUMES.BOTH'PUOHES DAI 1R7; NIGHT 299.tek v '9 &, e&a&&'&. j&im?1 tfM IltBM fv-'tf 7. . .,jrt.i34j i KWsa7X-K5WnspOTfis jg fflmmmst4 v ;' ; ml?A ?A4- TZr 71TIU, Dli fTo Warn, to Comfort and Command99Nature "ever intended woman to be delicate, i'"v , ' n s''" -?r from"nerves." Yvvoien in middle ae compiaji ct"iiot fuV.' Mauiywomen suffer nuedlessly from girlhood to womanhood, and from motherhood to middle life, with backache, or headache, dizzinessfaintness, orbearing-down sensations. For a permanent relief from these distressingSymplon -. Dil ang is so good asFAVORITE .pMEicEIPTIONT.e "rnvonte PrecriptkmwIs known everywhere and fot over 4Q venae jmthe standard remedy for the dtoeasfe. Bwomen, xour dealer ;n medicines setk itffkliquid or tablet form; or you can send 3tM- jcent stamps for a trial box of Dr. PSemrFivorue Prescriron tablets. Address DcPierce, Invalids' Hotel, Buffalo, N. Y."ce's piessact Penets regulate and invigorate. liver ami v.orels. Sugar-coated. Hay laulea.nwnw.!rwmm i yi.-.c-as a soothi trenr -lening ner-Vine allays a i. sner 5exctabi"y,irritability, r v .-.ausJ. , and o'erdistressing f - onr- y & ten.lintupon functi' a 'anic. ase; oi thefeminine ow U uces -est::ng s'eoand relieves n lan .etyan despondency.I J Nt ,'Vk ' ' ' '$ S. )l xr .I m miJ th'ai (irB j'i rK-:I Dod1) Yards,I1Tesi22lS3e5EaaX$rtfrYear's Resolutions"eggghrful Gonsumers of FUEL will re-ain the hi ghestef ficiency for iheiri ,'ig the year to come. This means!ii use-x S?c?ye Coal,-a -L WITHOUT A FAULT."son & DentonThe Home f Good CoalSouth Main St.tkth Phone 140(&Q5&SWZrWomen of Refined TasteGet their advance Spring styles from the newcTVIcCall Book of FashionsMRSAND HIDESMrGHEST MARKET PRICE 'PAFORJUW FURS Alii HIDESMuy ufuiTr ton """wJM Wnl 1 1 bOi LWJISYHLE,KY.-CT! "The Liking for Plaids is Carried Oyerinto Cotton Fabrics for Summer.In an exclusive Fifth Avenue sIiod.'I saw a chic little frock for a yountrgirl. It was displayed especially forrthe benefit of our friends and neighbors who shun the cold and migrateto the sunny Southland until OldWinter has passed hjourney.This dress, ? which is shown in theon his ceaselessMcCm.1.vApples and Other Fruits Approved 'asMotifs in Printed Silks and Cottons.Corsage bouquets are still popular,but the very latest whim is a rose embroidered on the waist in the naturalcolors, just above the belt, where acorsage bouquet wouid usually beworn.I saw a very handsome white evening gown, trimmed with raised beaded flowers and .leaves. Trimming ofthis kind must be used with discretion, for it might easily become hi-&C2&W8&?' . II H'EmSst W-Mfs d IHillWSSm.mx MmJrt SKISpring Quarterly on Sale January 5thThis recognized authority is indispensibfe in planning your Spring wardrobe; 100pages of authentic descriptions andfascinating illustrations of advanceSpring feshions gathered from theworld's style-centers Paris, NewYork, London. Berlin.Newest Fashions for evening or afternoon gowns, for tailored suits, wraps, outdoor and party frocks for misses', children's and babies' outfits.XATEST Styles in hats, gloves, neckwear, jewelry, wide belts, handbans, lingerie and all dress accessories.Special Artici.es on hairdrcssing, entbroidery and a wealth' of other interestiigfeatures for women and -the home.All designs illustrated in this big SpringFashion Quarterly are produced in easy-to-make-at-home,perfect-fitting McCall Pai-terns.Only 30 cents Postpaidany 15-cent PattenintiudingMcCiu.FOR SALE BYThe McCafl Co- 236 to 246 West 37th St, N. Y-,zarre.Black velvet is being worn aroundthe neck sometimes with a pretty,jewaled ornament :a front. If thewaist has a frill around the neck,this band holds it up in the back..It is the little things in dress thatcause comment and interest. I onceheard a famous dressmaker say, thatin every toilette there should be onestriking motif. Perhaps it is a chainof beads whose colors harmonize sobeautifully with the gown. Possiblyit is a novel pinva bit of exquisiteembroidery or lace, or a knot of brilliant colored ribbon in exactly theright spot. It is like the flash nf n.'diamond, the something which attracts attention, and holds the enrjjuntil the effect of the whole costumenas -made its. impression.asgowoitiCALENDABS FOR 1915.We hare mafe arrangements -withthe Hayes Lithographing Co., of Buffalo, N. Y., to act as their agents inBourbon County. We have now readyfor display one of the handsomest"lines of Calendars for 191? that youever saw. We can save you at least20 per cent on your orders. Don'tgive them to a traveling agent comein. or phone us and let us show youour line. The Hayes Co. is one ofthe largest in the world and theirwork is exquisite. Let us have yourorder and save you sonte Money andat the game time Make, al little 'pittafor ourselves,(tf) : BOURBON NEWS.WallPaper. EstimatesFurntefKcf onJobs Complete JSHandsome Lineof Samples.Telephone 7S1I'Sdkst Your TradeALBERT JONESOct3tiKV)HllMHIIIIII.r -.;! r.v$k...&Si&c.at. " j;r .felA'.'-rr -A.-?.:-'- -J7JVjaC.f'.., Pf.- - rm-:. -,F. -V - 1 , ., - - ,- J . . .-' .. . 't FORTHEGRIPP-wr Is Soncime Used WitkGood RenduA great manypeople use Peruna for the grip.Some use it aisoon as the 'gripbegins, taking itduring: the acutastage of the discs. e, claimingfor it great efficacy In shorten- jing the disease 'and especially?n eh nrtn lnftlrs. Jane Gift. after Bta&es.JCaay people take 5 after they have334 the grip. Their convalescence- iajgJrr. They have suffered along for amoatk. or two", without any signs of.csaiplete recovery. Then they resortU Feruna as a tonic, with splendid ,roralts., Mrs. -Jane Gift, R. P. D. 1, Athena, iki, whose portrait appears above,flfrMQi.HHBSSSSSSSSB4r IM I i jMaHENMoSi1MPQRTAMT BOOMK BOivNEWS, ? PARIS, KLN 1 OCKY , JANUARY 2, 1 9 14Government's Farm Architect "Points Out Impor" tarice of An .Economically Constructedand Comfortable Hometo the Farmer.WASHINGTON, Jan. 24. The importance to the farmer of having and a paying investment although itludes a bay window, or a fireplace,which has been the i)et notion of thehousewife, Screeneti-jn kitchen porch-1es, sleeping porches, double or trippie windows and kitchen conveniencesare fine economical features , whicheven the smallest nouse plans maywell consider. Separate dining -roomsfor families that generally eat in thekitchen are less important, as are"parlors." These separate rooms mayhave complete systems of plumbing,heating and lighting wnich involve al--'iional expense. The kitchen is themost inportant room in the farmhouse.For the average farmer, economybars a room especially reserved forweddings and funerals. A back stairway in Bmall houses is an unnecessary. Large lialls which 'are never used to live in, but merely as thoroughtares, are a feature which can be dispensed with in the interest of a smaller outlay of money .Other features that should give wayto a comfortable and convenientkitchen are narrow porches, filigreework, numerous angles in walls andPublicAasdaasjnftiSale!--ar. '':f.5Daily--u-mites: "I think I would have been economical farm house has been em-1 roof' useless doors'. There should bedfeaa loasr ago if it had not been forPenma. Six years ago I had la grippevery had. The doctor came to eMe every day, but I gradually grewworse. I told my husband I thoughtphasized by the farm architect af theDepartment of Agriculture, who statesthat the mental and physical fitnessof the laborers both within the houseand in the fields are vitally affectedI would surely die if I did not get j by the building that affords the familyardlef soon. v j shelter. The average American farm"One day I picked up the news- I home has failed to snare in the im3a?er and accidentally found a test!- provements that are every day beingnmi&l of a woman who had been , made in agricultural conditions and,cared of grip by Peruna. I told my j according to the architect, is a rebukeIsub&nd I wanted to try it He went . to our boasted civilization. RelativeJcecUy to the drug store and got a Yf be says the housewife of a cense ttle of Peruna. I could see the im- l tury ago with her fireplace cookingjjiorement in a very short time ana ana log cabin was better provided fora is soon able to do my work. I con- than jg tke housewife to-day.1 .rue rains it until I was entirely The most imp0rtant building on a' L , .,..,. farm is the home. The health, com-Kr. Victor Patneaude. 828 Madison fnrf nn1 hnT,ninpc, f th fiiv r3 fc, Topeka, Kas., writes: "Twelve rionnrfAnf nrm its ntnirHnn nnrlears ago I had a severe attack of lasrippe and I never really recoveredjtffv health and strength, but grew-weaker every year, until I was unableto work.Two years ago I began using Persia anS. it built up my .strength sothat in a couple of months I was ablete go to work again. This winter IIt&d another attack of la grippe, butTsruna soon drove it out of my system. My wife and 1 consider it alaewehold remedy."Those who object to liquid mediates oan now obtain Peruna Tafeletcan intelligent purpose for every cubicfoot of space and for every piece ofmaterial about the building, if possible. It may not be found practicable forthe Department of Agriculture to furnish plans and specifications of farmhouses worked out for particular individual needs. However, it is believed to be desirable to work outplans and specifications for the general needs of farmers and to illustrateand explain the plans so that thefarmer may understand the principlesinvolved and apply them when he remodels his present house. The Officeof Farm Management is endeavoringto help the farmer and the farmer'swife along these lines.Having decided to locate in CanadaI will offer at public sale, without reserve or uy-Dia, on me xvirs. wancy sClay farm, A m les from Paris, on?the Winchester pike,EVERY WOMANShouldEarnS25PfWerkIntroducing our very completeSf ring line of beautiful wool suitingswash fabrics, fancy waistings, silks,Isamdkerchiefs, petticoats, etc. Up to4ate New York City patterns. Finest line on the market. Dealing dirtttly with the mills you will find ourprices low. If others can make 10to $SQ weekly you can also. Samples,fiB instructions, in neat sample caseskimped express prepaid. No moneyrepaired. Exclusive territory. Writefar particulars. Be first to apply.Stamford Dress Goods Co., 100 1stSt, Binghsmton, R. Y2t-25-27)New Barber ShopWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite Servicestrerything Sanitary.Children' a Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDITV,INSURANCEAGAINSTFIRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HIKTON,AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, seeme.Sfwial Rates Excursions.Round trip Winter Tourists to allprincipal winter resorts in Alabama,Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, irfississipyi, South Carolina and Havana,Cuba, on sale daily Oct 1, 1913, untilApril 39, 1914, with final limit May 31,1914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas and New Mexico, on saledaily Nor. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914,with iinal limit May 31, 1914. liberalstopovers allowed on all winter tourist tickets. Also low round tripHomeseekers' tickets to points in Alabma Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi,on sale first and third Tuesdays in"ach mouth, final limit 25 days fromdate of sale, sfop-overs allowed inHomeseekers' territory. For" furtherinformation call on or addressW. H. HARRIS. Agent.y -. cWTHr T. A..equipment, and unless these mattersare looked after the . sanitary dairybarn or the economically constructedbuildings for stock are of little value.Happiness and contentment in thefamily are essential to efficient service as improved tools and outbuild-! ings.Although the housewife spends, inmany cases, a lifetime in her "workshop!" the kitchen and the familyrooms, she is not, as a rule, capable of planning a house in the highest degree serviceable and comfortable without assistance. Her help,however, is essential to the farm architect, as the result of his plansmost vitally concern her.In 1910 a Western farm paper, atthe suggestion of the Department ofAgriculture, conducted a competitionfor farm house plans. About 660 plansof farm houses were submitted, notone of which was fully satisfactory.The larger number insisted on someparticular pet notion and emphasizeda single feature to the neglect ofether important one3. The men andwomen who familiarize themselveswith the work to be done and then apply themselves to the single task ofdevising means, are the ones who,with the co-operation of the farmers,and their wives, can best handle thefarm house problem.One of the most important detailsregarding the average American farmhouse is that it must be inexpensive.The average annual net income of afarmer to-day, after deducting five'per cent, interest on his investment,is less than i))r mis aoes not meanthat the houses may not be attractive.They may, if intelligently plannedwith the help of vines, shrubs andtrees, become the prettiest spots inthe landscape, and more beautiful andinexpensive than the crowded cityhouses.The tenement-house problem isgrowing in importance, as can be seenfrom the fact that the number ofrented farms increased by more than324,000 during the last decade. Today little more than half the farms anthis country are operated by the owners. The possible economy in housewifelabor and the conservation of thestrength of the housewife are two important factors to be considered inthe construction of a farm house.Pleasant and comfortable farm housesfond tcThbld families together i butthe cheoless, unlovable and insanitaryhouses drive boys and girls to thecities. Investigation of prisons, insane asylums and houses of correction, seem to prove the fact that the, sins which account ror the existenceof these institutions are often nrea ininadequate and unhappy farm homes.So thie social aspect of the problemis considerable.The public is awakening to the factthat "better farm houses are needed,and the special feature which manyfarm papers now issue as a "HouseBuilding Number" proves its interestto thousands of readers.The Office of Farm Management of,the Department of Agriculture hasnow undertaken this problem systematically and to evolve, if possible,practical improvements for the benefit of the farmer's home.Certain features are often overlooked in providing ceonomical arrangements for the household whenthey might be easily provided for.One of the specialists of the Officeof Farm Management learned froma woman in Pennsylvania, who hadbroken down from overwork, that she1 had been carrying oal from the barnfor years. When the husband wasasked if there was any reason why acoal bunker could not have been provided near the cookstove and filleddirectly from the wagon, he answeredthat there was none, but that no onehad ever thought of it. This one detaiUhas beenvv found neglected ini other cases where it could have beenremedied if only someone had thoughtof it.After economy in the constructionof the building and in the housework has been attained, attention willbe given to developing beauty. Simnlicitv in line and good proportionsare .meant by the use of this wordbeauty, and not so-called applied "ornaments." This simplicity is entirely, in keeping with a general plan ofeconomy.Economy, however, is not a synonym' for cheapness. . Doublestrength glass may even be more economical in a tenant house -than single strength, notwithstanding itsgreater first cost AJritchen sink mayFOREST NOTES.There are 36,500,000 young trees inthe Government's forest nurseries.Two tons of cascara bark have justbeen sold from the Siuslaw NationalForest, Oregon, at one cent a pound.The northernmost National Forestis the Chugach In Alaska; the south-1ernmost is thJLuquillo in Porto Rico.For shingles alone, 750 million feetof timber is dut -in that part of theState of 'Washington which lies westof the Cascades.California led last year in timbersold from National Forests, thoughMontana had the largest number ofsale transactions.The American Forestry. Associationhas just elected Henry S. Drinker,President of Lehigh University, andP. S. Ridsdale as its President andSecretary respectively.The biological survey and th Forest Service have been co-operating inhe extermination of ground squirrelsn the National Forest in California'he annual loss of range feed andrain crops from ground squirrels isnormous.DDan Da Hinivir "noj if "FF J GUThousands and thousands o! women, whohave everything that heartcould desire to make themhappy, are miserable onaccount of womanly trou-.ble. If you are of thisnumber, stop worryingand give Cardul a trial.It has broughthealth andhappiness to thousands.TAKE -Wediiedd), Jjil 28,1914, .fceginnin Promptlyat 10 a. m.A DAIRY HERD -OF47 Fine Jersey and Guernsey Cowsall high-class dairy stock. Half ofthe herd is eligible to register, andfrom 37 of them I sold and collected$606 worth of milk during the .monthof December. Cannot give pedigreesof cows on day of sale, as the papershave been lost, but will state whichones are eligible. Ten or twelve ofthese cows are -now fresh, and ,thatmany more will be fresh by the dayof the sale. It is undoubtedly oneof the best dairy herds in the State.I will also sell1 young Jersey bull;One four-year-old Jersey bull, pedigree furnished;Complete dairy outfit, consisting ofof bottles, bottle washers, bottle fillers, tanks, wagons, etc.3 extra driving horses, 5 and 6years old, good as anybody's;1 beautiful lamily mare, gentle forwoman or child to drive, and in foalto Marvel King;One 2-year-old chestnut filly, fullsister to The Cardinal, the great showhorse:1 good horse for milk wagon;6 or 8 good mules, ages right;12 or 15 sows, mostly Durocs, thatwill pig in February;6 Duroc gilts;3 good wagons;1 rubber tired buggy and harness;1 rubber tired runabout and harness; Lot of good baled hay and straw;6-horse power gasoline engine,with cutting box and Internationalgrinder nll combined;Plows, mowers, reapers, drills, andfarming implements of every description; Harness and plow gear;250 chickens; a lot of guineas;Household goods, etc.TERMS All sums of $50 and under, cash; over that amount, fourmonths bankable note, without interest. Autos will meet . prospective buyersat 8:15, 9:00 and 9:45 Interurban carsand carry them to and from the salefree of charge.NEWTON H. TAYLOR.Geo. D. 8peake3, Auctioneer.(13-20-27)Courier-Journal.-': -:iAT ,-.DURINGDECEMBERJANUARYFEBRUARY!'if i..Sil?!i'-r- 14?ne BoorDon Mmi8Ij has made special arrangement whereby the Daily ? XCourier-Journal can be furnished one year for X$3.00, six months $1.75, by mail (Sunday not in-.Xeluded) to all patrons who will give their order's to" ius during the months named above. Better still ..you can have the Daily Courier-Journal and theJ Bourbon News one year eachxFor Only$415Master'sSaleOF.J After February 28, 1914, the price of the Dailyf Courier-Journal alone is $6.00 a year. Take adS vantage of this special Bargain Offer at once and8 REDUCE THE HIGH COST NF LIVING. .88 To Get Advantage of This Cut RateOrders Must Be-Sent Us, Notto the Courier-Journal.U Sc N. TIME-TABLE- EFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913PIANO!a rCar do i!ttE" " rftvThe Womatfs ; Tonic...w ..w...M.jwr...wQ,.Mrs. Delphiaia'Chanct'writes from Collins, riMiss.: "1 sutfereaiernpifc jfrom womanlyoublesjiWe had five doctors, butit seemed I could not get ICany better. I decided fo TltryCardui. Afteflbeganto take it, I got better.every day. Now I feel aer Iwellas I ever did." ' TrjtelCardui, today. ' -61PJ5jQajj,.BOURBON QIRCU1T COURTThe Rudolph. Wurlitzer' Co,N -t - JPltffVs. Notice o SaleMrs. Bell Bishop ttefnd'tHerellslthe HogP Wfilx m?nngfe34j4iW5Lexington, Ky.BOURBON REMEDY CQ.,Encls4 And ulioto olkog ikxt vraacured of cholera with your BourbamHoc Cholera Remedy. Thin nog wwalmost dead before using the medUtueand Own -sras antlrely cured, exceptloss of ears. Uil. etc. The kc isoned by Mr. Skiles Ewing, of Bawling Green, Ky. He will be gl&d toSive you a testimonial, and w ean getseveral more if you want teia.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for ItVFOR SALE BY W. T. BROOKS.Under and by. virtue of a judgmentof tfte-Bourdon? Circuit, Court rendered'inihe'aboveistyled action atitsNoyembervterrnfr 19Jl3t tthe , yndetslgnedMaster Commigaioaeil willTsell atublio auction to;(the highest and 'bestbidder .at the Courts House door in theCity of Paris, Ky.aj. about the hourof 11 o'elocfr, jsur,m.f onMONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1914,the following property: '"One Parney Piano, Style 20, Mahogany finish, being No. 39014."Said sale-' will be, made to satisfya judgment: -of the plaintiff againstMrs. Bell Bishop ,f or the sUm of 250.-00, with interest thereon at the rateof 6 per cent, from the 17th day ofOctober, 1911, subject to a credit of58.00 and the costs of. this 'action,amounting to $Said sale' will bejtnade upon thecredit of three months,, the purchaserbeing required to execute bond forthe purchase price with good suretythereon, tp be approved by tlie Master Commissioner, payable to saidCommissioner, and bearing interestat the rate of 6 per cent, perannum annum from date of saleuntil paid, or the purchaser mayhave the privilege of paying cash, orto pay the purchase money 'bond atany time oetore maturity, ana 10 remain a len on the property -sold until fully paid, and to have the forceand effect of a judgment.tJ. A. IvIcMILDAN.Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.A. P. Thompson, Attorney,(jan 13-20-27)4.No.341342971040373123326259138385398Trains Arrive - i.FROM -t ,,Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5:210,,Lexington, Ky., Daily 5:18 ik.Cyn.thiana, Ky., Daily .Except Snada.y -..J:lfraMaysville, Ky., Daily "Bxcept Sunday 7:31 am ,'Rowland Ky., Daily Except Sunday ZTTtWim.Lexington, Ky Daily Except Sunday 7:42 amCincinnati, O., Daily - . . . . J:M amMaysville, Ky. Daily Except Sunday lft:Max.Lexington,, Ky., Daily 3:JamCincinnati, O., Daily M:UulLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday J:t WLCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday itOA fMaysville, Ky., Daily r Except Sunday t . .4U9 1Lexington, Ky., Daijy iiMBKnoxville, Tenn., Daily l:Mp.Maysville, Ky., Daily gS:lffmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday S:Sf9tLexington. Ky.. Taily 6:1S ml32 Jacksonville, Pla., Daily . 6:23 po11 Cincinnati, O., Daily l0:5BpcaTrains De-partNo.3447401029373313362G13389'393283031131TOCincinnati, O., Daily 5:28 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:S5aatLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -. . . : 7 :47 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday ..: .,..: 3 7:50amMaysville, Ky. Daily Except Sunday . -RJLexington, Ky., Daily J!i!5Knoxvlire, Tenn. "Daily .....' rr. T"$SraimJacksonvy ille, Ma.t Daily MJLexington, Kyr, Daily ..t. i .TlTJJaKMaysville, Ky., Daily Jl5"Cynthiana, Ky T)aily Except Sunday. . . . .'. r. . 7. 12:04 asiLexington, Ky., Daily "Except Sunday V 3 : i.Cincinnati, O., DaUy v VmRowland, Ky.paily; Except Sunday....: 5:5lpLexington, Ky., Daily' Except Sunday .' 5 :5 patCincinnati, O., Daily .:?2Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday f . , .. g J IfCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday "t'l-XC "LdV...H0...., 0 -j .- - , - i r mtrr ... . .r . fc.y'AWiri jimAtlanta, Ga., Dailynj j T?' ,. rjo.Walf 'P l fsZZZ5ctimi "0. mmr-rrt?so,'rf..iSiw p1BB,v,r&5fflS uiasffSSs1 njlw&!l'.Tt5-Q UrA , J-o1m. ZSivWffA WyPzZomr-MzaB7 cfc G"1?I-:UUEE3-T ABLETrains . A-rri-veapR oarNo.24-m. " W. 1 JL i.Prankfort, 'Ky., Daily Except Sunday IFrankfort Ky.cDily .Except Sunday o -. V?TOFrankitfort, Ky:, Dairy ExceptrSa nday ,', . .-Frankfort Ky.attji Except ujnoay,iv-iS:3daa.W.KING & S,OrVLv25 Cheapslde; Lexlngrton,KyMother's Prent., :paQieValway31fkfs that II tamother's birthday untilshe bawls Jaoutiboue it after bieaifait. Thea k kfcrV4ti -'floor for the kitcleu or a Wr.ber ma.t for the bathroom as-a. prea- tent. Cincinnati Enduiref.per MIUMtj. & ,. I goes downtown and senfla,her IwmJtI AAA ' titA ftJM Vn-Vlnnr for the kitclieu or" a lUDltt.1Jff-ll?iff ""t2&"!? t vt-i .tT. iJ" aiiIJ$.yB: fc4it."WJP..'vVi -L--fM 1 -fcrr4feJ&H T "v5?. rALii.ti.I - Tl. 00 .jk. Ja-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., JANUARY 27, 1914'4nilMsnBi'P:Hv:Vvs i'."WEAT SALL OF FIREv ' - FRIGHTENS CITIZENSDOUBLE TAXATION.Tike cititene in the vicinity of. ITaU's Creek, Madison, county, arejqprieaoing somewhat of an excitemal as the result of a spectacularpfcenoraeaon, which occurred in thattateotion when a large and brillianttall of fire was seen descending fromtke heavens, and when within a fewieet of the earth hurst and flowed in11 directions, leaving only a densecloud of smoke to arise.The poor man buys a little home for$3,000; pays $250 or $300 down on it,the balance as. rent and the propertyis listed at $3,000. He lias to pay onthe full amount, yet he may never finish paying for It The Governmentdoes not try to hide it. Sure, it is ofrecord. Then why hide the incometax schedule. Cincinnati Post.EX-RARIS1ANS LOSE ALL IHOUSEHOLD EFFECTS IN FIRE!TENDERS A CHECKFOR' FRANCHISE TAXCook with gas.MANNING CANDIDATEFOR TURLEY'S PLACE.Cigars and men are too often judg"&&L by the gold they flaunt on their"ffirdiee.CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDYTkis remedy has no superior forcghs And colds. It is pleasant ttake. It contains no opitm or othernarcotic. For sale by all dealers.(Jan) (adr)ITS UP TO BUSINESS MEN, NOW!Dr. B. E. Manning, of Mt. Sterling,who was defeatedfor Representativeby Samuel Tnrley, who died lastweek, has announced his candidacyto fill the vacancy caused by the latter's death. The election will be heldon February 4.THE TE8T OF MERIT.j - a m n,omfrt of Tiifi inmaviue k LasiJ.vzne xitui-Louisville, formerly of Paris, had the road Company has tendered to Statemisfortune to lose all of their house- Auditor H. M. Bosworth $11,4,496 ashold effects in a fire which destroyed the amount it considers it owes thetheir home in that city last Tuesday State as a franchise tax .for 19 W.evening. The Louisville Post gtves Ihis is the amount at a tax rate of 50the following account of the fire: cents on the $100 valuation will raise"Ouly a few pieces of porch furni- on an assessment oi 6,o,u, Luai.turo were saved when the residenc eof is the identical assessment JudgeT-omoa nr.o-nrfnrri r travfiUnsr sales- Cochran, in the Federal Court, saidman, at 4602 South Second Street, in the road must submit to as a condiBeechmont, burned to the ground tion precedent to obtaining a tempoTuesday night. ary restraining ovder in the 1912"The fire started from the furnace franchise tax suits,in the basement and spread rapidly.! As the State Board of ValuationTh inca in poHmatpi at S1K.000 alto- and Assessment fixed the franchise1 f(cliYParis PeopleAre GivenProof.ConvincingMillions will be glad that President"Wilson's "soft pedal" didn't mean ackange of tune. The cord used is alittle more silken; but greed is to belog-tied, none the less.Honest business now sees that ithas nothing to lose and everythingt s&ki from President Wilson'g trustprogram. Let's get ready for the and my kidneys were irregular in ac-No better test can be made of anyarticle than the test of time, and thisis particularly true of a kidney medicine. Doan's Kidney Pills have stoodthis test and stood it well. What better proof of the merits of this rem-I edy could you demand, than the statement of a Paris resident who used itsuccessfully and tells of lasting results. Read the following:Mrs. Laura L. Lair, 1022 High St.,Pans, Ky., says: "I had rheumatismgether, of which $9,000 is on the houseand $6,000 on the rurnlshmgs. Mr.Crawford carried $2,000 insurance onthe furniture. The house belonged toMrs. Laura Maxey, now living in LosAngeles."Mr. and Mrs. Crawford only returned Tuesday afternoon from Cincinnati, where they had been for several days. Mrs. Crawford was pre-,assessment of the Louisville & Nashville for 1913 at $45,658,630. this istaken as an indication that the road,will seek to enjoin the enforcement ofthe balance of the assessment, $22,759,430, as it did in regard, to the1912 assessment. The road has onlyuntil January 29 in which to file suitfor this purpose.Assistant State Auditor G. B. Likenc)fi lh TIk FactArn iinapjjJ 111 1 livi WvJ)J n viyujjjui$1 .oo I25c10cparing to go to an infirmary Wednes-! accepted the tender to apply on theday morning to undergo an operationfor appendicitis. They found thehouse so cold that a fire was startedin the furnace, which had been lighted only three or four times during thewinter.franchise tax. but not in full. The"franchise assessment of the Louisville & Nashville was raised by theState board from $45,428,074 in 1912to $45,658,630 in 1913. Nearly half,or $22,528,874, of the 1912 assessmentTHIEF RETURNS. &TOLEN CHICKENSnew deal based on a square deal andn mercy for wilful robbers.Heretofore, as the bg fellows have- squealed, the little fellows haveshivered. It was a foolish custom,without warrant in fact, because biggreed has "been, little busineis'swarst enemy.If, now, honest business is ready. to have the outlaws handcuffed,Ikings can soon be made better. TheTeeponsibility for the future of Ameri-1can prosperity, therefore, largelyrests upon business men themselves.t? Cincinnati Post.tion. I suffered from backache andheadache, and at times was dizzy andnervous. A neighbor advised me totry Doan's Kidney Pills and I did.They made me strong and well. Ihave had no sign of kidney troublesince. I gladly confirm the statementI gave praising Doan's Kidney Pillsat the time the cure was made."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,N. Y., sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other. (adv)The blaze was discovered shortly ; has been in litigation in the F.ederalafter 9 o'clock. Apparently the court for over a year.flames had been smouldering for sometime, for the whole front portion ofthe house burst into flames at once."All the members of the Crawfordfamily escaped without injury, butpractically nothing was saved. Neighbors cared for them during the night."The building was a three-storyframe, standing near the corner ofSecond and Wellington streets."Heat with gas.FOR SALEJanuaryClearance SaleNow Going OnLarge Coal Heating Stove, $45; now$32.00(20-tf) A. F. WHEELER & COA chicken thief, after he had madea wholesale raid on the coop of Col.C. L. Daugherty, near Bowling Green,and took some valuable blooded Wyandcttes, became frightened lest hemight be detected, mysteriously returned the stolen chickens to a stable,where they were found. The chickens were not returned until threedays after the theft.. With a$3.00 PurchaseBaby Bunton Corn, 3 CapsTomatoes, per can - :Sugar Loaf Peas, per can 15c and20cStandard Peas, per can 10cPork and Beans, 2 cans for. 15cRolled Oats, new stock, 3 packages. 25cNew Dried Peaches 1 0 and 1 2 l-2cFancy Aprieots, 2 lb. for 35cFancy Sun Dried Apples, per lb ScLANCASTER FLOUR.25-lb Sack $ .80'48-lb Sack 1.6098-lb Sack : 3.10Save the difference by paying cash. SpecialPrices on quantity lots.GOOD PRICES REALIZED ATASHURST & ECTON SALEThe public sale of stock, crop andfarming implements belonging to Ash-hirKfr. Sr. "Rntrm wan nnnrhintod "RYiriavWhen a man buys a lead pencil from . their fa? on the Tethlfthfim niks.a blind man for a nickle, he is surprised that the newspapers do notwrite up the incident and call attention to his philanthropy.NOTICE FROM HEALTH BOARD.Big Cut on AHWinter Goods5vI Twin Bios. Dep'fM,Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.rwwNisidi Bros !Physicians and heads of familiesare respectfully referred to Section2060 of the Kentucky Statutes, whichprovides as follows:"Section 20C0 -Anyphysician. or head of .a family whoshall fail or refuse to report to thelocal Board of Health in cases ofcholera, smallpox, yellow fever, scarlet fever, diphtheria and other epidemic diseases as provided for in Section 2055 of the act mentioned iathe title of this act, shall be fined notleBs'than five dollars for each dayhe neglects or refuses to report.(Section as amended by Act of March3, 1894)Please take due notice and governyourselves accordingly.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By order of Board of Health.Paris, Ky., Jan. 15, 1914.(16 jan-tf)at their farm on the Bethlehem pike,about three and a half-miles fromParis, and was attendee! by a largecrowd. The bidding was spiritedand things brought satisfactoryprices. Geo. D. Speakes, auctioneer,makes the following report of thesale:Horses brought from $70 to $197.50; two-year-old mules, $132 to $155;milk cows, $50 to $72; one pair agedmules, $392; sheep, $6.10 to $7 each;brood sows, $18.50 to $30;-fat- hogs,$28 to $32 each; shoats, $9.25 eachcorn, $3.65 to $3.70 per barrel in thecrib; turkey hens, $4.60' each; toms,$3.50; chickens, 40 to 60 cents each.Farming implements sold well.IV.T. C LENIHAN.Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234JPublic Sale!Having decided to locate in CanadaPUBLIC SALEOFIF CHILD IS CROSS,FEVERISHLook, Mother! If TongueGive "California -SyrupAND SICKis CoatedofFlgs."FDNEROUC FESTIVITYNEW ORLEANS and MOBILEFebruary 19-24, 1914.LOW ROUND TRIP FARESTickets on Sale February 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22 and 23.Return Limit to reach original starting point not later than March 6,with extension of limit to March 23, 1914, on payment of $1.00.ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES;For details call on any Ticket Aecnt Ouecn & Crescent Route, orH. C KING, Passenger and Ticket Ageat. 101 E. Mate Street, Lexkctoa,Children love this "fruit laxative,"and nothing else cleanses the tenderstomach, liver and bowels so nicely.A child simply will not stop playingto empty the bowels, and the result isthey become tightly clogged withwaste, liver gets sluggish, stomachsours, then your little one becomescross, half-sick, feverish , don't eat,sleep or act naturally, breath is bad,system full of cold, has sore throat,Mother! See if tongue is coated,then give a teaspoonful of "CaliforniaSyrup of Figs," and in a few hours allthe constipated waste, sour bile andundigested food passes out of the system and you have a well, playfulchild again.Millions of mothers give "CaliforniaSyrup of Pigs" because it is perfectlyharmless; children love it, and itnever fails to act on the stomach,liver and bowelfl.Ask your druggist for a 50-cent bottle of "California Syrup of igs,"which has full directions for babies,children of all ages,, and for grownups, plainly printed on the bottle.Beware of counterfeits sold here.Get the genuine, made by "California Fig Syrup Company." Refuseany other kind with contempt.(adv)SPECIAL ON GAS HEATERS.Special prices on Gas Heaters. 25per cent off on all large Heaters.(20-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.About the worst insult you canhand a woman is to tell her that hernew hat looks sensible.The only time a woman is comfortable is when everything that she iswearing is tight.NEEDLE THAT PENETRATEDFOOT JUST REMOVEDA neede that penetrated the foot ofClara W. Christopher, of Georgetbwn,two years ago, and could not be thenlocated by physicians, has just beenremoved. On Tuesday the girl felt asharp pain in her heel and a physician was called. He soon determinedthe cause and quickly removed thecause of the irritation by extractingthe long-lost needle.CLARK COUNTY MAN TOERECT HOME IN BOURBONThe Winchester Sun says: "Oldham& Wills, as agent, sold Fridaythe farm of Mr. T. L. Holladay, onthe McClure pike, three miles fromthis city, to Mr. J. A. Rose, who willtake possession March 1. The Drice.though private, was said to be in theneighborhood of $15,000. Mr. Roseowns land adjoining his new purchase. "Mr. Holladay will at once erect ahandsome residence on his farm herecently purchased in Bourbon county.Livery Outfit, Horses.Bungies,.fcHarness, Etc.Havinjr leased my livery stable in-I will offer at public sale, without re- PariB, Ky , for a term of five years, toserve or by-bid, on the Mrs. Nancy be used as a garage by the BourbonClay farm, 1 milea from Paris, on Garage Co., I will sell at public auethe Winchester pike, , tion, at the said stable, known as the"Middle Stable," onSATURDAY, fCBkllfiRY 7, 1914,beginning at 10a'o'clock a. m., sharpthe following:1 pair aged bay horses;1 sorrel gelding, 7 years old1 brown horse, 9 years old;1 light bay mare, 8 years old; ...1 brown horse, 7 years old;1 bay horse, 12 years old;1 bay combined horse, 7 years old;1 pair black geldings, carriage ahearse team;1 brown horse, 5 years old;1 bay mare, 9 years old;1 black horse, 10 years old?1 black mare, 5 years old; - '1 gray gelding, 6 year3 old;1 bay mare, 5 years old; j1 bay mare, 9 years old1 bay gelding, 5 years old;1 black mare, 5 years old;1 matched team, bay3, weigh 13GO,.nice carriage or hearse team;1 6-seated pall-bearer Riddell coacrgood as new, used only one year;2 rubber-tired Cunningham carriagecin first-ciass repair;2 farm wagons, with frames aaabeds;10 buggies, all rubber-tired, many cfthem brand new, some not hitched toone half dozen times;1 depot wagon;1 surrey, good as new;1 4-seated trap;1 2-horse clrummer'3 wagon, withhop;. ,1 1-horse drummer s wagon, witn.top; in good repair;6 sets carriage harness, only useeWednesday, Jan. 281914,Beginning Promptlyat 10 a. m.A DAIRY HERD OF47 Fine Jersey and 6uernsey Cows.all high-class dairy stock. Half ofthe herd is eligible to register, andifrom 37 of them I soli and collected606 worthy of milk during the monthof December. Cannot give pedigreesof cows on day of sale, as the papershave been lost, but will state whichones aro eligible. Ten or twelve ofthese cows are now fresh, and thatmany more will be fresh by the dayof the sale. It ia undoubtedly oneof "the best dairy herds in the State.I will also sellX young Jersey bull;One four-year-old Jersey bull, pedigree furnished;Complete dairy outfit, consisting ofof bottles, bottle washers, bottle fillers, tanks, wagons, etc.3 extra driving horses, 5 and 6yeara old, good as anybody's:beautiful family mare, gentle tori1woman or child to drive, and in foal', short time, good as new;to Marvel King; . 1 set double light harness,THE FEBRUARYAMERICANMAGAZINEOnly a Day and Night to New Orlean$!WHAT IT WILL COST TO SEE&1 MONDAY,February 23,ARfcIVAI,OFREX2 p. ., andProteus ParadeAt NightMardi GrasThe Two Big Dayi, Feb 23 and 24New Orleans$19.80Mobile$18.00Pensacofa$20.30fcrTUESDAY,February 24-"PATtADE OF 'REX10 a. m., andComut ParadeAt Nightt"IRound Trip From ParisTickets on Sale Daily February 1 7 to 23 Inclusive.Sleeping Car Fare $4 to $4.50 Each WayExtension Limit on Tickets to March 23The Approximate Total Cost For the Round TripX Estimate for five day board and lodging at $1.00 per day in best private homes, or $2.00pr day at good hotels, to which add the abov railroad and Pullman f ares Apply to L. &M, Jkent for printed list of Rooming Houses and Hotels. , t "!!I&MtMtProbably the most remarkable contribution to the February AmericanMagazine is a description of an execution, written by F. P. Dunne, of"Mr. Dooley" fame. Mr. Dunne wasa Chicago newspaper reporter at theage of seventeen, ana as a reportersaw three men hung. This experience he describes and interprets withsuch vividness and wisdom as tomake perhaps as wonderful a document on capital punishment as anywhere exists.Hugh Fullerton begins a series ofarticles entitled "American Gamblingand Gamblers;" Ray Stannard Bakerbegins a series of letters from thefield entitled "Seeing America;" Geo.Fitch, the Illinois humorist, describesthe "Homeburg "WJeekly Democrat"in a sketch of life in a small town;Walter Prichard Eaton describes agreat and successful fight againstloan' sharks now being made in Atlanta; 'W. P. Baton, the theatrical critic,writes entertainingly and ably on thesubject "What Is a Moral Play?" andJ. Breckinridge Ellis contributes 4 anarticle entitled "The Finger Test ofLiterature," which Is an account ofa blind man's ideas of literaturegained from the slow process of nger reading.Edna Ferber, Kate Jordan, AlfredOllivant, Samuel Merwin and Marvene Thompson contribute fiction.Prize-winning letters are publishedin the contest entitled "What is aCriminal?" The Interesting Peopledepartment contains five short articles about remarkable living Americans: James Montgomery Flagg, KinHubbard, Ed. Howe and Oliver Herford hnake humorous contributions.One 2-year-old chestnut filly, fullsister to The Cardinal, the great showhorse;1 good horse for milk wagon;6 or 8 good mules, ages right;12 or 15 sows, mostly Durocs, thatwill pig in February;6 Duroc gilta;3 good wagons;1 rubber tired buggy and harness;1 jnbber tired runabout and harness; Lot of good baled hay and' straw;6-horse power gasoline engine,with cutting box and Internationalgrinder all combined;Plows, mowers, reapers, drills, andfarming implements of every description; Harness and plow gear;250 chickens; a lot of guineas;Household goods, etc.TERMS All sums of $50 and under, cash; over that amount, fourmonths bankable note, without intereat. Autos will meet prospective buyersat '8:15, 9:00 and 9:45 Interurban carsand carry them to and from the salefree of charge.NEWTON H. TAYLOR.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(13-20-27)for carriage;1 set surrey harness;16 sets buggy harness, all good;1 set brake cart harness;2 sets wagon harness;1 cutting box;3-hor8e electric motor;Lot of np-to-date buggy rugs anchorse blankets.Carriage coats, halters, whips;Many other things pertaining to rlivery outfit too numerous to mentionFree burgoo for Everybody.TERMS All amounts under $50 cadiin hand; amounts over 50 three monthsnote negotiable and payable at DepositBank of Paris, Ky.D. W. PEED.Paris, Kj.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(3jan)Cheaper Milk.FISH COMMISSION AGAINSTTHE USE OF HOOPNETSThe State Pish and Game Commission is' opposing the bill in the General Assembly permitting the use ofhoopnets in navigable streams. Almost innumerable little fishingstreams in Kentucky have been declared navigable by act of the General Assembly in years past, thoughsome of them will accommodate nothing more imposing than a rowboat,J. Q. Ward proposed that the proposed amendment be accompanied bya law repealing Nall acts declaringstreams navigable, and limiting theterm to the big streams, which, actually are navigable for steamboats,and that each owner be limited to onenet, but this has not been agreed to.Beginning to-day I will sellPure Jersey Milk at 4 centsper pmc, ueam ac ju cenipar quart.Tktte fc desire, may securetickets m lok from wagon anasave cash discount.'The -patronage of thosewndesire pure, wholesome milk 1solicited.Cumberlantl Phone 540.Home-Ehone 79.WOODIAWN DAIRY,R. P Coltfer, Proprietor.He, has bee- .here. Honce fonnePresident Tate does not think tmdrjn a- damn, dam idea of PliHiPPln'Cjo:osu.t.ifc Lad,stf-H . 3 r. T-4 j:?4 -s'4ii&jr$"'?&Vr.N.V.KqST-. e ;& """vvy-7?:THE BOUptBOR NEV, PAIOS, KENJUCRY, JANUARY 27, 19UvV Ijrek)aHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADE"Fi Fi"REHEARSALSPROGRESSING NICELY,The reliearals for the productionof "Fi Fi of the Toyshop" are progreasing finely and a good productionjs assured.Cook with gas.WARREN BACON DISPOSESOF SMALL TRACT OF LANDMrs. Warren Bacon, of WashingIon C. H., Ohio, has sold a small unimproved tract of land, located on theParis & Clintonville pike, seven milesIrom Paris, and containing about nineacres, to her brother, Mr. J. W. Liver,of Bourbon. The price paid was$1,000.Heat with gas.SPECIAL SALE ON COAL RANGES.Special Sale on Coal Ranges thismonth. See them!(20-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.BRAKEMAN HAS HANDPAINFULLYINJUREDJames Cox, a brakeman employedhi the L. & N., had the misfortune to2i?ve three fingers mashed so badlya 'e days ago, that amputation waosr cessary. The operation was pericrnied at the Massie Memorial Hospital, where the patient is doing as-well as could be expected.K.OF P. LODGE TOGIVE MUSICALE.Rathuone Lodge tfo. 12, K. of P,will give a social and musicale ,at theK. of P. hall Thursday night. Allmembers and the:r famiies andIriendB are cordially invited to bepresent. The musical program will bean especially pleasing one.NEW ORLEANS MOLASSESWe haveIwaten.f27-lt)a barrel that can't beC. P. COOK & CO.Heat with gas,EAGLES EXTEND THANKSTO PATRONS AND FRIENDS.The Paris Lodge of Eagles has requested theNews to extend their sincere thanksvto these who patronizedtheir minstrel show last Friday nightand to assure those who tenderedtheir services, and who were entirelyresponsible for the success of the entertainment, of their heatty appreciation of their efforts.Cook with gas.BEST LOCAL TALENT.... iBe sure to see F Fi of tne ' rpyshop" at Opera House Friday night.Our best local talent will be represented and a good time promised. ItACCEPTS POSITION WITHTEXAS DEVELOPMENT CO.Mr. Lawrence James, son of Mrs.Mollie James, of Second street, hasaccepted a position with the Beaumont Oil & Development Co., of Beaumont, Texas, and left Thursday evening to report for duty. Mr. DeshaLucas, formerly of Paris, holds a responsible position with the BeaumontOil Company.ASPARAGUSI ASPARAGUSWe have a bargain, by the dozen.(27-lt) C. P. COOK & CO.COUNTY JUDGE APPOINTSFORMAN ADMINISTRATORIn the County Court Friday, JudgeC. A. McMilan appointed Mr. J. F.Wasson as administrator of the estate of the late Mrs. Frances A Forman, and he qualified by giving surety in the sum of $1,000, Mr. J. S. Foreman signing the bond.Judge McMillan, also named Messrs.'James F. Caldwell, Mackey Grimesand J. It. Taylor as appraisers of theestate.Heat with gas,CONGRESSMAN A. O. STANLEYSPEAKS TO BOURBON VOTERSCongressman A. O. Stanley, of Henderson, candidate for the Democraticnomination for United States Senator, addressed the voters of Bourboncounty Saturday afternoon,, at thecourt house, in the interest of hiscandidacy. The wcainer conditionswere anything hut favorable, and asa result pnly a small crowd waspresent to hear the address. Mr.Stanley was introduced by AttorneyJ. J. Williams, of this city. -Cook with gas,COMMISSION APPOINTED TODIVIDE CLAY LANDCounty Judge C. A. McMillan hasappointed Messrs. Edward Sparks,James Thompson and W. B. Woodlord, of Bourbon, as commissionersto divide the lands belonging to thejestate of the late Cassius M. Clay.Mr: Clay's estate consists in partof about three thousand acres of fineland located on the Winchester pike,tnear Paris, and about three thousandacres of land at Blue Lick Springsin Nicholas county, it is said thatihe- estate will exceed $500,000 invalue.H 'eat with gras-f(myRMaMtHMMMHlSOCIAL iD PERSONAL.Mrs. J. D. Burnaw was a visitorin Lexington Friday.Judge Harmon Stitt was a visitor in Lexington, Friday.-Mr. William H. Whaley, Jr., hasCH0RUS F0R MUSICALgone to Birmingham, Ala., on a business trip.Mr. E. T. Hinton is confined tohis bed suffering from an attack oflumbago.Mr. T. C. Lenihan made his usualvisit to Carlisle, Sunday, as the guestof lady friends.Miss Kate Alexander has returned from a visit to Mrs. Clarence Lebus, in Lexington.Mrs. Lavinia Parker is quite illat the home of Mrs. Edward Hibler,on Eighth street.Mrs. John Davis and babe will goto Lexington this week to visit Mrs.William Goodwin.Miss Grace DeCamp, of Chicago,is visiting at theliomeof Dr. J. T.Brown, in this city.Mrs. Margaret Savage, of Cincinnati, is here for a visit to her brother, Mr. M. J. Murphy.Miss Jessie Parker, of Georgetown, is the guest of Mrs. Homer Wilson, on Sixteenth street.Miss Stella Coke, of Cynthiana,is the guest of Mrs. E. C. 'Cleveland,at "Sunland," near Paris.Miss Hettie Whaiey has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. Hoffman Wood, in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. C. Alexander has returnedfrom Versailles, where she was calledon account of the illness of her mother, Mrs. Ball.Mr. G. C. Thompson was able tobe down street yesterday. Mr.Thompson has been quite ill for thepast three weeks.Mr. Chas. M. Griffin, Y. M. C. A.secrotary, has returned from Atlanta,Ga. Mrs. Griffin is recovering froma serious illness.Mrs. Laura Wiggins entertainedthe members of the tSix-Hand EuchreClub Thursday afternoon at herhome near Hutchison,Mrs. Milton C. Browning, whohas been the guest of relatives inthis city, returned Friday to herhome in Cleveland, O. ,Mrs. W. L. Y&rkes entertainedthe members of the Six-Hand EuchreClub at her home on South Mainj street, Saturday afcrnoon.Mrs. Swift Champe was able to bebrought home from Massie HospitalSaturday night. She is improvingslowly after two weeks' illness.Miss Alice Ford entertained themembers of the Women's Bible Classof the Methodist church at her homeon Seventh street, Friday evening.Mrs. Roy Clendenin and littledaughter, Mary Louise, were in Lexington Friday to visit Mrs. Clendenin's sister, Miss Rogers, who is ill ata hospital.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft attendedthe meeting of the State Board of the,C. W. B. M. Friday afternoon at theBroadway Christian church, in Lexington. Misses Frances Champe andLaura Steele, and Messrs. Ireland Da-vis,Douglas Clay and Coleman Renickattended the dance given in Lexington Friday night by the Tanzen Club.Misses Frances Champe, Elizabeth Brown, Messrs. Ireland Davis,and Owen Gibson attended the dancegiven by the Tanzen Club at thePhoenix Hotel, in Lexington, Fridaynight.Mrs. B. A Frank entertained informally Wednesday evening at herhome on Broadway in honor of hersister-in-law, Mrs. Milton C. Browning, of Cleveland, who has been avisitor in this city for several weeks.Mrs. Thomas Henrys Clay was inLouisville last week to attend a meet-.ing of the Executive Board of theState Federation of Women's Clubs,held at the Seelbacn Hotel. Mrs.Clay is State Treasurer of the organiaztion. A delightful dance was givenWednesday nignt at. Elks' nan by a.number of young men of Paris.Guests were present from all the surrounding towns, about one hundredand fifty participating in the dance.Music was furnished by a four-pieceorchestra and at micnight supper, wasserved at Stout's.Miss Mary Kern entertained themembers of the local bridge clubFriday afternoon at her home nearNorth Middletown, in honor of erhouse guests, Mrs. Tipon Young, ofLouisville, Mrs. C. A. McMillan andMrs. W. G. McClintock. of this city.A tempting luncheon of substantiatewas served and the occasion was enjoyed by the following guests: Mrs.Louis Rogers, Mrs. rAinceford Talbott, Mrs. Warren Rogers, Mrs. JohnTalbott, Mrs. William Wornall, Mrs.Frank Collins, Mrs. Allie Dickerson,Mrs. William Woodford, Mrs. RoyClenderiinJ Mrs. Catesby Woodford,Jr., Mrs. Harry Kerslake, Mrs. C. C.Clarke, Mrs. Anna cooper ana xuissMary Woodford.Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Talbott, ofthis city, have announced the engagement of their daughter, Miss DorothyLouise Talbott, to Dr. Harry EverettFoster, also of Pais. The weddingwill be celebrated in thearly spring.The announcement bl the engagementis of much interest to the manyfriends-"of the young couple, who arewidely known and quite popular.Miss Talbott is a strikingly handsomeyoung woman,; possessing consiaerable vocal talent, and is engaged asthe leading soprano and soloist atthe Baptist church. She is a graduate of the Bourbon Female College,and is the eldest child of Mr. andMrs. Talbott Dr. Foster is a youngdentist who has given evidence of arapid rise in his profession, and is ayoung man of sterling qualities. Hecame to Paris several years ago fromOwenton, Ky., and by his uniformcourtesy and strict attnetion to hisbusiness interests has gained thesood will and respect of all who haveJ the pleasure of knowing him.Mr. ana Airs, james uemps.vwere called to Newport Sunday on...... . .,. l; . .account of the serions illneeg of theirgrandson, xthe son of Dry 'WalterDempsey, formerly of Paris.Mr. George W. Davis 'has. beenconfined to his home since Thursday.Mr. Davis has about recovered froma severe attack of grip, but is notable to be at his place of business.FESTIVAL MAKING PROGRESS.H The festival chorus had a fine rehearsal last night and some good workwas done. Singers are invited to be-;come members of the chorus, which'meets every Monday night at the FirstPresbyterian Church.BOURBON DEALERS SELL 20MULES TO SOUTHERN BUYERS.Gatewood & McClintock, of this citysold Friday to Mathews & Boatright,of South Carolina, twenty head ofmules and three head of horses for$4,350 an average, of. $217.50 per head.The stock was snipped South Saturday. HOT ROLLS.Try our hot rolls. Baked every afternoon. Delivered any where.(27-2t) H. J. GROSCHE.Cook with gas.A FIRST-CLASS ENTERTAINMENT.Don't misB seeing "Fi Fi" of theToyshop" at the Paris Grand Fridaynight. Tickets on sale Tuesday.Prices 25, 50 and 75 cents. , If,BOY WANTED '&&Honest and industrious boy wantedto help in store. None other" needapply.(27-2t) H. J. GROSCHE.CHLOROFORM ENDS LIFEOF FAMOUS OLD MAREMaggie F., a prize show mare belonging to Mr. Asa R. Spahr,of WiiuChester, was chloroformed Saturday,at the age of 33 yeais. She was siredby Young Jim, out of a thoroughbred,and was never beaTen in the showring. She was the dam of Wanderer,2: 084, and of Margaret, who made arecord of 2: 10 as a three-year-old.The mare died at the J.VH. Clellandplace, but the carcass will be taken tothe Spahr farm, where her owner willerect a handsome shaft at the headof 'her grave. Maggie F. had a recordof 2:21 to an ola-fashioned, highwheeled sulky, which wa& much slower than the modern sulky. In a trotting ring at Richmond on one occasion she won a $700 stake, and immediately afterward was shown in theroadster ring, carrying off a $100 Persian rug offered as a prize. -Vulcanizing.Bring us your old casing, we havea steam plant. All work guaranteed;(27-lt) PRICHARD & BALL.WANTEDSalesman wanted to look after ourinterest in Bourbon and adjacentcounties. Salary or commission. Address LINCOLN OIL CO., Cleveland,O. (27-lt)AH parties having claims againstthe estate of Milton Woodard willplease present same at once for' payment. All 'owing the estate 'will callat once and settle.GEO. H. JOHNSON,(27-3wks) Administrator.WANTED.To correspond with relatives ofJesse Alexander, who married Rebecca Jane Ferguson.MRS. J. M. BARRETT,(27-lt) Napton, Mo.FOR SALE. -Three registered Percheron stallions; also twenty head of youngmares and geldings.STIRLING P. HINKSON,(27-6t) , Lair, Ky,iE8th and. MainNO OREDIT,' NODELiyERY,NO PHONES.We have bought all" ofJ Mr. Ray Taylor's Country XBacon and Lard We 5will set! the Bacon Jf or16c pound and Lard atj I4c pound. Better getsome of this while it lasts.M. Jr Hellerr?i.ff..-5rAdministrator'sNoticeMARKETPARISIAN-TO MOVE TOLEXINGTON TO, RESIDEMr. William Giltner, of this city,has accepted a position with, theMarshail-Featherstone Auto Co., inLexington, and with Mrs. Giltner, willmove to that city to reside. Until recently Mr. Giltner was identifiedwith the Bourbon Garage & SupplyCb., in this city, severing his connection January 1. . Is -" -The German army officer who started the troubles at sabern has beensent to prison, but he is likely notto start any hunger strike.NO COWS SOLD TILL28TH.Look out for N. H, Tay:lor's sale on the 28th. Absblutely not a cow sold untilflay of sale.'tcbrola is'-Sgooa companyThere's never a lonesome moment where thereis a Victrola.The greatest singers, musicians, and comedians, right athand to provide an entertainment that would be worth goingmiles to hear and yetyoucan have all this right in yourownlhome.Stop inland hear your favoriterausic on tins wonderful musical instrument.Victrolas $15 to I$200. Victors $10 to$a00. .Easy terms,if desired,DaiighertyBros.'JZX ".iIi3HCl? JS?5Av-.m$frluWuBPJklkKITCHEN CABINETSSPECIAL PRICES SPECIAL CABINETS .Look Belowat theDifferentMakes.There areToo manyCabinets toQuote PricesSeparately.Come inand See ForYourself.Sale Commences Monday Lasts One Week4'v.-: -'.Jls :-YouMcDOUGALL JNAPPANEE JAP BETSY - IDEALThere will be more to select from thelfirstlday Hi an! thesecond, so come the first day. We guarantee you stoqcI,substantial pavings. No second-hand goods.'.'AXTYHIflTON&.'"ifWood MariteEsI w.'l.X?.' liMKrt. "-'. r ' - -S(-A-i- s'.C. fr., JaiHII WhitenBigNEWSPRING GOODS$&ARRIVING DAILYW. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.iihamiSVSEHsBSSBs:'HN BVBXMMmmmexmrnammmmWe KeepWe sell what is good, and ask you tobuy our shoesbecause they are good.It isn't pricejthat sells our shoes, forshoescan be made to sell at any price.It's Goodness, Merit, Worth . andValue That Sell ThemThe same applies to our Children's Shoes.Children are hard on shoes, but most ofthe trouble lies in poor shoes and poorshoe making. Our shoes are good, andare made by the best of shoe makers.Give us a call and be convinced.Geo. Mc Williams,jf) Phones 301IBHManiHMHHMMHaaMMHHUHBiHHaHBMiSPECIAL SALECan Pick from theseSAVES YOU MONEY' . Undertaking ' "'IONGoods!!itn,i;iv iwt 8yuaiuj up;JThe Shoe ManI.yVWTsratT JS"iflVn"ggrDuring thisSale YouCan SaveGood,j.Hard Dollarsand at theWTime;;Get theBestKitchenCabinets .Made.Makes:t:AmbulanceB'MMHHHHt1.J ,-''St--..?.---- .?..Aft-'- fReductions-5x ,j ..... -I3"v! '.--i :-'?4 v$tfj-Jl.OM "Tr'. "' '1V .'".'AV-r "m. ""V v' ,fi )v (THE QUkfON tNEWS PARIS, K Y ., , JANUARY 27, 1941.yv. Vgf-jC-. t tysSZuiMM W&p0r$& $M:Jrt&s&' , "- T4 'm4Read OurPergonalMoney-BackGuaranteeYou CanTry ThisvimmwmHjob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISED;Good Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!.",..., -j-mAt Our RiskhxTTMggYOU know what that means Misery Worry Big Bills Debts! You know you can't afford to get. sick.Keeping in good health means food -and clothing for you and your family. It's up to you to take careof yourself. It's jup to you, whenever you don't feel right, to take something to make you right, to strengthenyou, build you up, ward off worse sickness,protect you and your family I That thipg we have, and inoffering it to you we protect you against money risk, by personally promising you that if it doesn't protectyou against .sicknesswe'll give you back your money without a word or question. It iswmmmmmHUHA!WR3,utH "7': 1 in.'iJtkim&&iK'ft;',.?4l.t'Ht' .IifirfcKBM'Hi J: rmM$,ii 1J Vm( ',P'Ar.TlvE J9B R0Offl$ orTHEBourbon'..o4lAre prcpaired to do the best ofPrinting, on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,suck as Wedding An-1nouncements, Invitation,given prompt attention.It Is the Best RemedyWhen you are run-down, no matter what the cause.It doesn't merely stimulate you and make you feel good for a fewhours, but takes hold of the weakness, and builds you up to a healthy,normal condition..It is a, real nerve-food tonic, a real builder of healthy nerves, richblood, strong muscles, good digestion.It contains the Hypophosphites, to tone the nerves and give energy,and pure Olive Oil, to nourish the nerves, the blood, the entire system,and give vitality, strength and health.It is pleasant to take, the greasy flavor of the Olive Oil having beenremoved.For you who are tired out, nervous, run-down, debilitated, weak,emaciated for convalescents- for old people .for puny children we recommend Rexall OliveOil Emulsion as the best medicine we know of tomake and keep you well and strong.We Make Our LivingSold only at tho 7QQ0 TfcxaSl Stores the World'sGreatest Drug Stores $1.00 a bottleSold in this town only by usout of the drug business right here in your town. It is our duty -to giveyou the best remedy we can for whatever ailment you may have, andbusiness sense demands that'we recommend nothing unless we know it'sgood. tWe know Rexall Olive Oil Emulsion is good. We believe it is thebest builder of health, energy and strength there is made. We know it is.greatly helping many of your neighbors; We "believe that it will makeyou well and strong again, and save you money and worry in the end.We feel it is good business for us to. recommend Rexall Olive. OilEmulsion andget you to use it, because we know you'll thank us afterward for making our confidence in it so plain that you didn't hesitateto take us atmr word. We also feel sure that onceyou have used it, you'll be as enthusiastic about it aswe are and will recommend it to your friends. Readour money-back guarantee and get a bottle today.We Guarantee This Remedy to Relieve and Satisfy You or Your Money BackWe don't want your money unless Rexall Olive Oil Emulsion really helps and satisfies you.If it doesn't, come back and tell us, and we'll give back your money. We believe it will protect your health if it doesn't, the money is yours, and we want you to have it.vGi; V ARDEN&SONi uParis, KentuckyTHE AUTHOR OF "MR. DOOLY'TON CAPITAL PUNISHMENT...Xt"5- .fLet tis figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork. -Oar type is new and modern. - - - -'faces. -'u.; r-..:i:.nvCDeBonrbownews104 Ismm a Year for$2.00.Advertittut rates reasonable and madeIn the February American Maga-mne, Finieytfeter uunne, lamous asthe creator of "Mr. Dooley," writes anamazing article entitled "The Majestyo the Law; Impressions of a Boy ofSeventeen at a Hanging" - Mr, purineat seventeen years .of age. was -a Chi-icago newspaper reporter-arid as such iwitnessed a pudiic execution, wmcuhe describes" and interprets with greatvividness.' His article is probably oneof the greatest documents on the subject of capital ..punishment in existence. Following is an extract:"Probably few readers of The,fcmerican Magazine naveever seen a'l;puTjIic hanging. At least!, hope thisis true and believe it must -'be feotaincetMsTform of execution of the law haspretty generally ceased to be &xree' nnnrnar entertainment. -Tn .certaitljmjnts of the country the public is stllLjjmances of the acl'of;;jp.ubiic,Aveng', dnce. The time has gone by in mostl(':plafces, happily, when thousands ofiKiucu wciD xuvibcu.yjr vuuud; " obnenn: to least tneir greeay eyes onthe spectacle of a fellow human being struggling, for alrt, at , the, end of ahempen rope, although there are stillmany communities m which this formof private theatricals still thrills thosewho have an interest 'with the hangman."We improve a little, in these matters of taste. It , is no t va long timbsince public hangings were tfie amusement of the blackguards of liondon,'when Thackeray wrote his incpmparajble essay on the subject and'Laml-spoke humorously of executions as'among the entertainments ;of "the capittal. It was not long before tha,when little children t. played marblesunder the wayside gibb'ets-from, whichthe skeletons of criminals tossed intheir rags in the wind, and a girl wasRanged in London fpr ,pickmg up aifeolt of cloth which she afterward replaced on the counter of the shop.And this in a century when the Wes-leys were preaching, and writing;hyms, and Burke was declaiming;against the iniquity of the French in;I guillotining their King. ,So the wrldbdoes move a little."We laugh, at ithe ugly figure V ttiehangman in JBarnaby Rudge,' who.hated the oyenmentxbecause it had:cut down the number of crimes forwhich jnencould be, hanged and so rie-'iduced the importance of his 'Protes-itant, Conservative and British' office.But aren't we laughing a little early?It took, a good many years for 'mawkish sentimentality' to soften this particular official manifestation of thepassion of revenge and the enjoymentof the sufferings of others which stilllurks in the hearts of men."of cotton batting, the honeymooncrawls out of a back window andbeats it.When a man gets married and findsthat he has been in love with a bunchSome of us do not use canes andhaven't any use for them. Some ofus are also prejudiced against thosewho wear canes lor ornament. Whynot enact a law reducing the numberof cane carriers to one in each 500of population and appoint a StateCommission to license cane carriersand select the lucky men who shaltreceive the licenses. If we musthave paternalism, let's have it all the;way down the line.There., are a whole lot of; businessmen who find it hard to imagine thatthere, were ever any early settlersin this country.v4 M m liMl aJI4U UdlfcUI 1 1 J L V X mrnrn JMMMMMkMuiMal&i.aliMk4ttMMMS?finr ri nrvtirit7-ir :Mritticirwl ! -t wv.t.piaiplyM:in,and,whenrepc:uedJ.ijuickIyeiTcctscure. L!czenin. KrvAitk !;. fIVttr-r. TTlrr fitwVall lrtr LfiLv t-71.1 t.t tt -tt tfMviat-t!..,.-,. ...... ..,.-. -j wt- . . .u.uiV MUK1UCsue aanx. kz an untggists.eii4fffit 5jmi '.. mid If-oV "jrwillh ana IJeanty.''JOHNSTON, HOLLOWAY & CO..1730 Spring tinrden Et., Phlia., a.SeiiiliWhen Yotir Blood is Right IYour Whole System is Right.If You Have any Blood or Skin Diseases DO NOT DELAYUntil it is too late, but order 'TO-DAY!Thelotrings Remedy', X-ttA-Complete and Positive Remedy ForSYPHILIS, ECZEMA, ERYSIPELAS,n" ACNE, MALARIA, RHEUMATISMand all other forms of Blood and Skin Diseases.Hot Springs Physicians paxmoiroce this the Greatest Blood and Skin Remedy ever placedon the Market. ' ; .i -A-Pull Course Treatment Six Bottles, $i8.QO,Single Bottle, $5.00.-I We Prepare a Remedy For Every DiseaseOur Treatment of Female IDs is the iGreatest oi itsKind Ever Offered to Suffering Women.f Write us your troubles. All correspondence strictly confidential.!ttSprings Medical1. " L;,,803 1-2 Central gLyenitc, Hot,.-,' lo'U ' x,Vv.W.T --f . tii,v ; ?-"."rt i- trr.j-r?-ix?L:- ' -.-' :.-t' , - ,- - ' -. v' " " - -.'-'- .' .1- , a f ,f, k$ , .1-.V. . ." """ t "" 1 ''-'. Jft1 i v'''" 4IHt HQURBQN NhWb. RIn KKH CKY, JANUARY 27, 1914?-!L'--. " " - -vy-?A Telephone lorEiery FarmerDo YOUWe will tell you hov to get it at small costFill out and return this coupon today.CUMBERLAND TEL. & TEL. CO.INCORPORATED.Pease send me your free booklet describing your plan for fanners'offophoae service at small cost. ,Name.''.K.R-F.D.NoTown andAddressFARMERS' LINECumberlandTelephand TelegraphINCORPORATED.122 SOUTH PRYOK c net I , A I i-ANTA, GEORGIA.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERM1NAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.-esve Lexingtonm Tor ParisL?ave Pariifor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:i5 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:45 p m8:15 a m10:05 p m8.09 a BL7:29 a mf :I9 a mS:i0 a m21:20 a.m21: 50 .a m1:28 p m5:20 p m3:S0 p m4:20 p m5:19 p m7:29 p mj:10'. m11:99 p mDaily except Sunday.iBUCK FREEMANFtrst- Class Barber Shop.Three Expert Artists; NoVaits.Hot and CoIdBaths.Mxin '-t. - Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.$PiLESlPILES! PILES'-yjILUAMS INPIAN PILE OINTMETTfill cmre Blind, Bleeding and ItekiBgPiiit absorbs the tnraors, allays itcJaiHg,j?-OMacts as a. poultice, sves instant reli.Fer sale by all druggists, mail Wc and SiVfciiAHS MFG. CO Props., CleveUaid, (ML Oberrfo'rf er, Dfuggist, Paris, Ky.-Gurtis&OverbyBosmess Men's Barber Shopj(Nexb to Bourbon Bank) ;3 - CHAIRS - 3. Expert Barbers- PoKte Attentiontiotand Cold Baths at A' HoiksNo Long Waits.JA Stere of the PaJtfc Palronage Solicited.. -1 nuuiy s ras.jiaiPjg j Country Club Cakes, jSSHmAaSJBh I Chocolate, 2AiBlfeBpwB S Maraschino, -M" l lAkcy fiVl J Caramel. J9 the Lamp pa that J J por Saturday. JW Saves Eyes . ! r,;' J -JjS Nothing is more importMt Sm ffee ' ' Ajf feorae taan clear, rtcadj lht. Jasmx a fthis br srertingr the oil tklmrns 9 jJJt clear and clean Trithout a flicker J P -v uM down to the last drop. PenylTMiIa J I J 1 J S ill IT :!;l crude oil refined to perfection. 'f J r A 1 1 I ill 1 1 1' !Cnste no more than the iaftsrior 1 1 if I 1 1 1 liU 1 1 1:tPr.kwacon oils-saves MONBT-aaves 1 f LU 111 II 111 11I WORK-farea eyes. I .-'' ,oYorax dealer has SOLITB OIL fn 1 1 9 - -OI barrele direct from pur works. 1 9) --C JGhas. C. SfoII Oil Ge. J Ra. Ketuckv 1I Lexington, Ky. T Pai3iS, K.erMUCKyM Refinery at Warren; Pa. ?gaaaaaaftMaaarQaaaaaaa'3 'cfelltbecelebratea"NoCafb" wm wwwwwwwwwant one rrState.DEPARTMENToneCompany.tot6CANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.OR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris. Ky.xWhen you feel'Jgzgzvous, tired, worried or despondent it issure sign yo a need MOTTS NERVERIKPILLS. They renew the normal vigor aimake life worth living. Be sure and ask fMott's Nerverine Pills l?S.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist. Paris, Hy..i Foi saluidau i9)Plumbing and felecri-calWork in AllTheir BranchesStoves, Ranges:and Appliances.Spicer & II Gilchrist,I Elks' Building It E.L Phone, 103Home Phone, 101 v JWeddins: ceremonies differ in different countries. But they are allj written around the same old plot.Am wm mtTf 95 3!..U? I1U mI Lias i! Fitting! JtxHOW TJ4E WEATHER BftIAU,FORCC8TS6XM'AIW.FL0OD8-WASHINGTON 1; C.,'Jan. 24.Many people have, .an idea- that thereis, something mysterious and' occult; Iabout the work of the Weather Bureau in forecasting the coming ofstorms, frosts and floods. Not a fewthink that the observers must necessarily get their, data by reading theplanets, the stars and the moon. 'Asa matter of fact the forecaster of theBureau foretells, the coming of disturbances in a business-like " way, verysimilar to that in which a man whohas ordered a shipment of goo is'would estimate the date of its arrival.Suppose a business man had ordered a carload of pineapples from theHawaiian Islands. He would knowJ the average time, it would take thesteamer to make the trip to the Pacific i port, the average time for unloading and loading into refrigeratorcars, and the average number of daysto be allowed these cars for their tripacross the continent to New Yor.His estimate, however, would be subject to error because the steamshipmight be delayed by fog, or the carsmight meet with an accident. -Storms, like pineapples,, as a ruledo not originate in the United States.They come to Mis, some from the Philippines, Japan, Siberia, Alaska, Canada or the Gulf of Mexico, TheWeather Bureau gets cable, telegraphic or wireless notices of a foreignstorm. Station after station, or vessel after vessel reports the storm'sarrival in its neighborhood, si thatthe general direction and rate of progress can be determined very ne ""In fact, the arr'al of some storms canbe forecasted ten days in advance.The forecasters watch for the region of low barometer which is thestorm center arouna. which the windsblow. This whirl or eddy moves bol-ily forward witfi the general eastwarddrift of about 560 miles a day in our(latitudes. As the lines of equal pressure (isobars) around the low centerj crowd closer together, the winds at-fonrllTlcr Tnn otnrm inpraasaa in fnvna, ..0 .v V .U.UAVyU.IU U. .W1,-W.Tne forecaster determines the direction of movement of the storm and itsvelocity.When weather disturbances are reported, the forecasters know from experience about how long it tabes themto reach the Pacific coast, and thenhow long after they will reach theAtlantic coast. For example, if astorm coming from Siberia drifteastward around the North Pole andreapears in Alaska, it should appearin Washington and Oregon in abouttwo davs; should get to the GreatLakes in six days and to the Atlanticcoast in seven or eight days.Unexpected conditions may delaystorms or divert them from thestraight track just as a refrigeratorcar mav be thrown oC its scheduleor be shipped by accident on a wrongroad. Some of these storms deoletpthemselves bv running into regions ofhigh barometer which are of greater"magnitude and extent than the stormitself. Some of them, however, travelcompletely around the world. ,To' kepp tfb on cold "vaves tlrar'.ome into the United Spates fromCanada and Alaska, tho Weather "Rureau studies the Canadian Weather'.reports. England sends reportsfrom Iceland, the British Islands an.1Continental Europe, and daily report"inrae from St. Petersburg on the conditions in Russia and Siberia.The same business-like system used in tracing the track of a storm isapplied in determining the arrival offrosts.Flood forecasts are made in muchthe same way. Informantion as tothe amovnt of rainfall at the headwaters ot streams that cause flood1are covered by telegraphic reoorsen by Jcal observers. As this rainreaches the main channel, the heigh'of the water in the channel is determined by successive guaging stnion"Past records establish how much aheight, say of 20 feet, at DubuqupIowawiIl produce at Davenport, another, station 80 miles down the Mississippi. This plan is followed all thrriver, and at each Doint full allowanceis made for the effects of water froTrtributaries, and from additional anlocal rainfall. As a result of thesobservations in the recent flood, thppeople of Cairo had a warning a weekor ten dsys in advance. The JPitts-J! Sl. SS l8.,:!"-.?nlJ.3? "z nours' notice, occause'a nooa ifupon tnem witnm 4 nours after aheavy rain storm.The trouble with Temperance Lectures is that the people who needthem nevfcr attend them.noittywIK rtfGIK2We tell vtra how. and -pay best marketprices. We are dealers; establishedin 185f and can do. -BETTER fear yonthan agents or commission , merchants. References any,banfc.in Louisville. Write for weekly ynce list.- M. SABEL & SONS2-31 33 E Matittt Si, LMISTRIE Kktealcrs la FUBS, HIDES, WOOL.Professional (lardsDr. Wm. Keriney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office C14 Main Street.Office JtaoneBJjSResidence j l8DR. A. ti KJBLL.EK,Practicing Phybkjiax,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk Bid gParis - - - KeotuckTJ. WIIililAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAfU:.Room X Elks Btiildinsr,,TflE, INCOME TAX REC- ?ft! :' 2" Wfc kSiC-lsbRESTRY;'WASmN,GTpN,vJafluary 24. Forestei? and lunmberisen -see in a decision of tha -treasury Department inregard to the administration of the income lax? a strong argument for forestry. As they interpret the opinionof the Treasury officials they understand that no timberlands shall besubject to the tax until the timber iscut and marketed and that then theprofit only will be subject to income.ax assessment. In other words, allcosts will be deducted before the taxis levied, and these will' cover thecost of growing the timber, includingthe cost of planting where necessaryand of protecting the growing cropfrom 'fire and other depredation.This decision was based upon a reluest for information made by P. S.Ridsdale, Secretary of the American'Forestry Association. He asked ifhere would be a tax on the value ofthe yearly growth of timber whether5.1 was cut or not, and also whethern income tax woud be assessed onhe value of the timberland. In reply,he Treasury Department said that"the gain from the cutting and disposal of stuinpage 3 realized in the-rear during which the timber is cu.nd disposed of, and' that the amount-eceived in excess of the cost of suchimber is profit, and should be co accounted for as income for that year."There is more Catarrh In this secIon of the country than all the otherliseases put together, and until thast few years was supposed to be inurpHo For a great many years thedoctors pronounced it a local diseasend prescribed local remedies, and bv'.onstant failing to cure, with loca'reatment, pronounced it Incurable,Science has proven Catarrh to be aconstitutional disease, therefore rehires constitutional treatmentball's Catarrh Cure, manufactured by. J. Cheney &Co., Toledo, O., is theinly constitutional cure n the market. It is taken internally in doses"rom 10 drops t,o a teaspoonful. II"rets directly on the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system. They offerOne Hundred Dollars for any case it'ails to cure. Send for circulars andpstimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY &, CO., Todo. Ohio.Sold by druggists.' ' Hall's Family Pills for constipation.w-n.) v (adv)The reason a mother always carefully puts away baby's first pair ofhoes is because' she knows that someday the pall of Fortune will send forhem.A fool is a man who doesn't do theame things we do.fHY MR. WILSON, DOES NOT SMOKE.(Manchester Union.)Shortly afier his election last fall"resident Wilson was presented a"jjdsome meershaum pipe, gold'ounted and amber-stemmed. In renonse, he gave this account-of him--lf:"My father was a smoker ofime attainments and had got to thelage where he liked a fat, black ciar. In his. leisure hours my mother-ok advantage of his habit and em'oyed him to blow pungent smoke-'er her rose bushes to kill insects,ne day when he was not at homehe suggested that I try "it on one ofer favorite plants, and I obligedomewhat proudly. For five minutessteamed away like a furnace, andlen it hit me with disastrous effect.never tried it after that.""And you never had any ambitiono learn smoking?" was suggested."No," he replied. "You see, ,1 nevv r was forbidden, so there wouldn'tave been any point in it."MS STOMACH TROI'BLES OVERMr. Dyspeptic, would yo aot likeo feel that your stomach troiteleevere over, that you could eat any:ind of food you desired withOHt fe-'ury? That may seem bo unlikely io-ou that you do not even hope for asnding. of your trouble, but permit uen aoonca Tritti fl-iof if ia nnf altnvaittAnSublet It others cto be V&nermanently, and thousands have-een, why not you? John R. Baker,of Battle" Creek, Mich., "is one of themTIe says; "I was troubled with heartburn, indigestion, and liver coimplaint .until I used Chamberlain's Tab'ets; . then my trouble was over."lold by all dealers. (adv)(Jan)are usually thin andeasily worried, sleep does hoirefresh and the system gradually weakens from insufficientnourishmentScott's Emulsion correctsnervousness by its force of concentrated mecQcal nourishmentit restores the healthy actionof body cells, enriches theblood., sharpens the appetite,and feeds 'the nerve centresby distributing energy ,andpower all over the body.Don't resort to alcoholicmixtures orv drug concoctionsthat stimulate and stupefy.Get a bottle of Scott'cEmulsion tor yournerves nothingequals or comparesWith it, but iniiston Scott'.CVERY DRUeVwr HAS ITHHrumZrMB H w fl wlUn fi B Bm cNRjj sgmtamt.Mt I'4 . V- ' , . ICQmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmRKeamatism, SprantBackache, NeuralgiaMMMMMty mmttmmmbackS9raiai(r rt' aI was ffl for aflong time with a severely sprained aakle. I get a bottle sf Slaaas "Liniment and now 1 am able to be about and can walk a great deal. I write this feacaaae I think yon deserve a lot of credit for putting such a, fia LiaiBf eat Mmmarket and I shall always .take tine to xecomiaead Dr. Slaas's I ialausV ".SLOANSLINIMENTAtalDaaUn25c 90c aad $1.00. Sloaa'a Lcctrrs Vk oa aatias, twmim. aa'mA paaltxy l frf -AdaVassDr.EarlS.Sloa,Inc. ... BsHsaMsw.LUKE McLUKE SAYS(Cincinnati Enquirer)The man who brags about his willpower should take a day off and watchx setting hen.Some men like to play with nitroglycerine and others get more fun outof fooling around married women.There would't "be any" failures inhe world if other people were only Jas smart as we think we are. '10 WINTER PDBGHHSEBS!If you are looking for a-' Suit orit reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, here is the pracer.;fto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Over-coats thai would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we areoK ering them as a special inducement for . -AS12.QSWe also have a full line of Schloss Bros.' guaranteedv1 8 ilci c c Suits for $15 to $25. Emerson Shoes at $4nd $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise can be, had at a price that- -- " . ,will please your pocket-book. , . ?TWIN BROS., CLOTHING 'DEP'XL Wollstcin, Proprietor.ai.a?!,!7 wmammmmmmmKMmmmmmmwmmmmMmmmwmwmmmmmmmwmmmmwmmmmmmmmwmtmwmmmw&VsinHsfVHislllVPVVHHaPVWPam Odorless Cleaning Co, tLet us Make that Last Winter's" Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your' clothes. home,and will wonder why you have not tried usbefore.iAll Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats CleanedIebloeked to your satisfaction.We Call For and Oefiver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning, White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25eX ..v ,."Ymi Umgklet, that's good sbJt glicipfe himy back is all go I never 'ttm W tjbiif Vwkas quickly as. Sloan's Liniment; ThprnmnHa 4Tgratefal people voice the sam opurioa ':Baa"tbc proof. " - .XcBttmI Paia ia Mk.I -was troubled -with a Terr tml aaistriaav-for some tine. I west a daetar stdid Bot d as mmt&lf IEBTchaMd a Wttla .&'&inimt, and wrl aartirsw.wofflaH: I always ksaa .'tie of Slsaa Usimeat-ja tjksSciatic lUMVHWCaasu"We bite assdalk4IiBiBMBtfr aver air yfm,ajljf oaad it taalaH?f trtrmimmiWhea "my- -wife "aidxeamatisp the oaly taisc thatdid her aay good -asvSMaasLimuMWt. Wfe caBMsrais it -AaUa RalforecLvr UA.NOTICE!Paris, Ky., Jan, 20, 1914.The Health Board of the City of'Paris hereby orders a general Y&cci-nation-forall those within- the city oCParis who have not been: vaccinatedwithin the past seven years.A. HKELUBR,.City Health OfficerBy ,order of the City Board.(23-2t) ';;-" - !lx;i:n,i,;lgoodOvercoatW .-.andCo., Sam Levy Proprietor;-, -IVlKi.'Jojt-;-0aiafiflssalapw??-y.MBBMHKHUHPHCBGHttaHMrf yi. .-, . A.- r 14 a." 'veer-- . -. -j c:- r-1VV."s--r -Ji "-.- ' .:nc':'.i.A.a" ' . l.4:. t.3feH;Emm--;- nmr-mP3jbt4;$''-:&-t':. '-?? fit.i. -7t:Sff-'Hmv. -c. .:'f-r.-' "2 vM",4r!r.' KeV$'$&'i 'M-r",-.i"'--S:f'V.JT:.'KrJJKi..i'i3kk .-ajto- if,.;.am afcaBaaaMbttdMi. . tWW5 I " ' ' "! ' '! ,i" ,-Wp . WW. -r -WC-" T" WH'l1 J "" ' 'aWEflJBJjpf1-"??r''lmiMfiuT-12 , -WLLiiagTHE BOURBON NEWS, PkR, KENTUdtY; JANUARY 27, 10T4.OS Of MILLERSBURGMYSTERY OF GREWSOMEFIND IS EXPLAINED.The finding of a skeleton buriedbeneath about a foot of earth underDEATHSGRACE.Mrs. B. Grace, of Lexington Avenue, Lexington, died Friday morningat the home of her son, J. E." Grace,in Covington, Ky. Mrs. Grace issurvived by the following children:Miss B. Grace, Thomas F. Graceformerly of this city, but now a res-- - TLMf fe n riawnantaw to emnna- 4-U -. - - .. '..,,h ii wtrcuiw uiwu6 o tne site or an oia ouggy nouse on tneold Gibson farm near Little Rock,JCr.J. J. Peed continues to grow Friday, caused considerable excite-weaker. ment in that neighborhood. The grew-. v Mrs. J. H. Collier continues about 80me fiud ave rise to tne opiniontfet wue. max a man m tnat neiguDornooa, wno- xm -a tut t tt oftw. disappeared several years ago, meti; art arewith foul play and the murderer tobrtk m Tnth grippe. . conceal the cr.me buried the bQdyMT. J. M. rfattertOn. Or JVeW "MV Tomoa niVc-Ti o VofVior. P "Tt. zj rnn,n, -EH., . T IT! nxanaZtrJc, arrived Monday as the guest of w. L. Gibson, who before his removel Covington, and Michael Grace, ofl&is .aunt,- Mrs. Sue V. Sandusky. to Oklahoma, several years ago, own- Georgetown. "Mrs. E. W, Ammerman left ed the farm where the skeleton was I Mrs. Grace made her home wit- Tkrasd&y for a visit to her sister, found," Saturday explained the pres- her daughter in Lexington, but re-Mjrg. Linda Benton, at Broadhead. ence of the skeleton. cently went for a visit to her son, J.V ir-s W A. Mnnzin" of MavsvillP In 1883 Mr- Gibson besan the study E. Grace, of Covington, and her fatalfte ost TteSta' of auaomy under Dr- Wilkerson, of niness came at the home of the latterZEJfL -n d? f J i' Little Rock Preparatory to. taking a SOn.-iSSSr Fnday until course of medicine in a Louisville she formerly resided with her son,r - college, and about that time he went air. Ed. Grace, while he was a resi-Mr- "W. S. Judy, who is on the to the home of his brother to stay dent of this city.3tVkl0&d lOOSe leaf tObaCCO market whflp VlF With Ma Wlte WPrA mi A. Tha fnnarol -araa ! of fha nafhnKn"" w " --..w .w r w. w -w iiri 1.UUV4 CX ff J UV1U Cl lUV VSCWUV? JLXVrf . . . ittea wiater, was at home on business protracted visit to relatives in Miss- Church in this city yesterday morn-1 rotny learns tnat ins aesunauon isSaiwdfty. ouri. Mr. Gibson secured the loan of ing at 10 o'clock, conducted by Rev. J16 SJne T&? in which she wasIf esrs. Dan Stump and Roger the skeleton from Dr. Wilkerson and Father Eugene DeBruyn. Burial in ! wrought up. Crossing in disguise onTUtlHf, of Carlisle, were guests of removed it to the home of his brother Paris Catholic cemetery. The pall-3fS3;Bessie Howard and Ellen wnere it remained for some time.f K Clark Saday. Shortly after the return from Misouriu vrr and Mrs o ATnrioii nnn-r of Mr. W. L. Gibson he went to the-xti-in xrhT "i.rQxroTrit . mountains of Kentucky on a businessrTHEATRGALThe Columbia Today."American Born" (American) Special feature in two parts. The scenesof this vivid drama are laid in therugged Rocky Mountains and on agreat estate in England. SydneyAyers plays the chief role, with Vivian Rich opposite him. These twoplayers as well as the rest of the company handle their parts successfully.Dorothy is an American born child ofEnglish parentage and learns of herposition only at hr grandmother'sdeathbed. She goes to England, establishes her identity and finds that sheis the owner of considerable property.She falls in love with a ypung English Lord, but financral reverses forcehim to go to America to seek his fortune. Before doing so he thinks ithis duty to break the engagement.and Httle daughter, "of Maysville.ver' guests of Mr. and Mrs. AaronilcConnell, Saturday and Sunday.Krs. R. H. Hudson, of Ewing, wastb-e guest of' her mother, Mrs. Elizabetia S6rman, and sister, Miss StellaStiriB&Bj from Friday until Saturday.Miss Edith Collier, of Cynthiana,opened her dancing class at the M. M.I. Md&y. The attendance was verygood. She will give a series of tenlessens, one each week.Sir. Albert Prather, of Mt. Oli-trip, but before going he placed theskeleton in the buggy house and concealed it with a lot of wood, so strenuously did the family object to it remaining in the house. Upon his rern it was his intention to return theskeleton to its owner.During his absence, however, thewool was removed from the buggyhouse and when the skeleton wasfound it was buried beneath the floorof the structure. The disappearanceof a certain man from that neighbor-bearers were: Messrs. C. J. Reagan,John Sheehan, Samuel Blount, Malcolm Brown, Prof. B. M. Costello, T.F. Brannon, James Burke and JohnLuby.vet, -as the guest last week of his i nood, who was never nearu or aiterunsle, Mr. M. P. Wells, He was en wards, and who was known to be anrotite to the Eastern Kentucky State enemy of the Gibsons, gave rise toNors&al Institute at Richmond. the opinion that he had been foully, murdered and the remins buried in theMr. E. T. Savage and daughter, place where the skeleton was foundmms Mary, returned rnursaay, arter wiien the finding of the skeleton be-came Known to Air. uiDson, ne nast-a months' visit to his aaugnter anasister. Mrs. A. C. Klockseim, atCJffreiand, Ohio,Rev. R. S. Sanders, of "Florida,arrived Saturday as the guest of Mr.aniMrs. Bert McClintock and other' frieads. Rev. Sanders wag. formerlypastor of the Eresbyterian' churchTaere. ,-Kr. and Mrs. L. T. Vimont, of 'Newport, arrived Thursday as guestsof Mrs. ifartha Vimont and Mrs. Russell Mitchell. Mr. "Vimont returnedtOr&is home today, but Mrs. Vimontwill remaia a week longer.Rev. Joplin, of Louisville, State. Sftcretary of the State Sunday SchooltTaloa, delivered an address Fridayx evaoijQg at the Methodist church,giving an jtmtline of the World's Sunday School Convention, which was recently held at Zurich, Switzerland.Be is an interesting speaker, and allwho heard him were delighted.Marion Balou, cartoonist andreader, ihii fdnrth number of theLyceum Course under the auspices ofxthe Y. W. 0. A. of the M. F. C, willentertain tocight in ma College chapel, beginning at 8 p. m. Mrs. Fishcomee highly f recommended by thepress, and has excellent letters ofcommendation. Everv cne sl'ouldavail themselves of this opportunity.Remember thescause, and give her acrowded house.eued to make an explanation. It isreasonable to believe, however, thatthe suspicion was groundless, becauseof the fact the Gibsons were not ofthe stripe to be afraid to meet a foeat any time.One of the most pleasing events ofthe theatrical season was the minstrel given last Friday night under.he auspices of the local lodge ofi Easrlea. and which wrr larc-plv .(tended, the crowd being the largest to proving that love levels all, and MissHOT ROLLS.Try ourTiot rolls. Baked every afternoon. Delivered any where.(27-2t) H. J. GROSCHE.FIXES VALUATION OFTHE L. & N. FRANCHISEAt Maysville, Saturday, FederalJudge Cochran issued a restrainingorder prohibiting State Auditor ofPublic Accounts H. LI. Bosworth fromapportioning or certifying or enforcing the franchise assessment of theLouisville & Nashville Railroad Company tax based upon total assessmentt)f valuation of not more than 22,899,-! 020.The assessment made by the StateBoard of Equalization was" upon valuation of more than $45,000,000.W. H. Colston, general solicitor forthe company, made the argument before the court.The order restrained the Auditorfrom certifying the balance of the assessment to the county and cities.INVITATION TO FARMERSWe especially invite the farmers ofBourbon county to make our banktheir headquarters when in Paris.Make arrangements to meet yourfriends here with the assurance thatyou are, at all times, welcome to useour rooms for the transaction of yourbusiness.(23-tf) PEOPLES BANK.EAGLES' MINSTRELS ONE OFBEST AMATEUR PERFORMANCESthe same steamer she reaches the locality first. There her finance rescuesher from assault, though withoutknowing who she is, as she is madeup in Indian disguise He soon discovers her and they go back to England together in the end."Fatty Joins .the Force," (Keystone)This is a roaring piece of comedywhich has a laugh in every flash.There is not a very distinct story andthe film really has to be seen to beappreciated. Suffice it to say tliatFatty joins the police jforce, goes inswimming while on duty in the parkand plunges not only into the water,but into a rather embarrassing batchof circumstances. It is an extremelygood film for straight entertainment.The Alamo Today."Caprice," with Mary Pickford, inmotion pictures. The Famous Players Film Company presents the popular play, "Caprice," with no less a starin the leading role than Mary Pickford. This popular player and notedplay should prove a nappy combination. Caparice" is a pleasant playwitness an amateur performance inthis city in many years.The personnel was entirely hometalent, and the performers acquittedthemselves with marked credit, notwithstanding the short time devotedto rehearsals. Mr. Willard Rummel,the director, is deserving of all thecredit which resulted in such a decided success.The end men were Harry Salqshm,Dr. Harry Mathers, Anderson Cahal,Dr. A. H. Keller, Harry Horton andPearce Paton, while Dr. W. C. TJssery,an old-time theatrical man, presidedas interlocutor in his usual pleasingmanner. The jokes, many of thembeing local, took the 'house by storm.The headliner of the occasion wasHarry Saloshin, who for a good manvyears has figured prominently inhome talent performances. He hada clever line of end-jokes, and hismonologue in the second part was oneof the principal features of the" performance. Brannon and Wollstelnwere clever in a black-face sketch entitled "The Fast Mail Train." Themusical numbers -were all well rendered and a large chorusof thirtyvoices added much to the musical endof the program.Pickford is as ideal in the part of"Mercy" as the play is suited to herself. The motion picture productionabounds in many landscape andcountry scenes, and flashes fromthese to elaborate mansions, imposing drawing rooms from the freedomof God's country to the yellow glareof city lights. In a word it may be-sumtned up as an echo of the hillsmingled with the voice of the city.A categorical review of all the mer-ritorious details that enter into andcomprise the production are not necessary, when it is remembered thatthe producers, the Famous PlayersFilm Company, are establishing newstandards in picture-making, and elevating the film toa higher plane thanhas heretofore been contemplated.(adv)CHRONIC CONSTIPATION CURED"Five years ago I had the worstcase of chronic constipation I everknew of, and Chamberlain's Tabletscured me," writes W. S. Fish, Brooklyn, Mich. For sale by all dealers.(Jan) (adv)Great Factory Clearance Sale 's Combined- With Our SemfcJIimital Ckamue SaleThe Greatest Footwear Sale Ever WitnessedIn This County.1f:The extreme mild weather, causing many cancellations, force the factory tosell out the best Shoes made at prices less than cost of material.NOW IS YOUR OPPORTUNITYThe best Custom-SVUatie Shoes of this factory,4 togetherwith our own over-stocked footwear, are at your disposal atbut a fraction of their real worth. ,ZFLeetcl tlOLG Prices Oarefully..-I'Xi i1 1 VI :& I'G I '? I1 ICOLONIAL COMPANY WILLLEASE THE PARIS GRANDThe Colonial Amusement Co., operating a chain of moving picturetheatres in Central Kentucky towns,including the Alamo Theatre, in thisfthe far East and made seyeral tripscity, is on a deal for the leose of theGrand Opera House, m this city, andthe negotiations will probably cometo a close within the next few days.It is the hope of the head of thecompany to assume charge of the local theatre March 1, when the leaseheld by R. B. Shea & Co. who for thepast three years have held the management, will expire.The Colonial Amusement Co., ofwhich Mr. J. B. Elliott is president,,controls moving picture theatres inLexington, Frankfort, Georgetown,Richmond, Winchester and Maysville The opera house will be operated in connection with the AlamoTheatre. It is the plan .to keep thehouse open during the summermonths, when the feature film service for which the company has contracted will be shown, and duringthe regular theatrical season onlyhigh-claBS attractions will be played.The lease for the local opera househas been forwarded to the officials ofthe company, at Lexington, and it isexpected to be in the hands of theowners within a few days.LOVE VALUED AT SIX CENTS.EX-PARISIAN TO HAVEGUIDE BOOK frMOED.Mr. T. Philip Terry, who formerlyresided with his partnts in tkii itv.and who has traveled extensively Iaround th world, has just completea book which will be issued early imFebruary by Houghton, Miffln & Co.The work is the first guide book onthe Baedeker plan ever made of Japan and its colonial possessions, andwill contain upward of 1,100 pagesand 29 maps and plans, and beside adescription of Japan will also contain,detailed references to Formosa, Korea, and the chief ocean routes thereto. Mr. Terry, who is a fellow of tteRoyal Geographical Society, has devoted ten years of study and travel tothe preparation of this book, and hasrecently returned from Japan to hishome in Massachusetts.Mr. Terry is also the author of anaccepted guide book to Mexico, wherehe spent several years after leavisgParis. His friends here are glad ofhis literary success.J"COLD" CHECK BILL 'PASSED 3Y LEGISLATUREA jury in the Supreme Court of!New York in a verdict returned re-icently, awarded six cents damages to permitting unclassified towns or tax-Four bills passed the House of Representatives Saturday, that providinga penalty for executing a cfieck for asamount in excess of deposit to tkecredit of the drawer in bank; thatTohn Ernest Wadleigh against Lor-ing Tonkin, in the former's suit for$25,000 against Loring for allegedalienation of the affections of the former wife of Wadleigh, now Mrs. LeoLemonek, of Cincinnati. Mrs. Lemonek, an actress, testified her smilewas worth $1,000,000, in her opinion.COLUMBIA THEATRE ISBADLY DAMAGED BY FIREing districts having municipal powersana a certain population to be incorDorated; that requiring State employes to file with, the Auditor of Accounts an itemized statement of traveling and other incidental expenses,and that permitting the Secretary ofState to charge a fee for supplyingcopies of records.M. S. "Walton, of Lexington, bearsthe distinction of having offered thefirst .bill to pass the House, thataimed at the practice of writing "coMchecks." It was drafted by the Credit Men's Association or Kentucky andwas passed by a vote of 5 to 7. Anamendment by V. C. Fraser, of Ballard, giving the executor xof a badcheck twenty days in which to makeit good, was voted down.EAT CABBAGE, FISH,SAUSAGE, NEW BREAD"Pape'sWhenDiapepsin" Digests FoodStomach Can't CuresIndigestion. : vFire of unknown origin damagedthe Columbia Theatre, in the Odd Fellows' building, at the corner of Mainand Fifth streets, Saturday morning,about 3:30 o'cloclc The fire was discovered by Special Policeman BenSpears, who in his regular rounds discovered smoke issuing from the doorsand windows of the first floor. Without waiting to investigate Mr. Spearsturned in an alarm from box 42, andthe fire department responded.When the firemen entered thebuilding, the-rear of tfie room utilizedas a moving picture tneatre, , was ,burning rapidly, and for a time it was ithought a senoii3 conflagration would Do some foods you eat hit backbe the result. The flames, after con- aste good, but work badly; fermeatsuming the screen, were rapidly eat- m stubborn lumps and cause a sick,ing through the woodwork and into sour gassy stomach? Now, Mr. orthe second floor of the building. The p5- Dyspeptic, jot this down: Pape'spiano pit at the end of the theatre Diapepsin digests everything, leavingwas flooded, villi water in an effon to nothing to sour and upset you. Therecheck the flames, while chemical ex-,never was anything so safely quick,tinguishers in the hands of the Are- so certainly effective. No differencemen on the second floor kept the fire now badly your stomach is disorderedin check. you will get happy relief in five min-A considerable amount of the wood utes, but what pleases you most iswork on the second floor was charred at ft strengthens and regulatesby the flames and the rear of the . v.our stomach so you can eat your fafirst floor was considerably damaged, vorite foodstwithout fear,and it was estimated that the owners I Most remedies give you relief somewill suffer a loss of about $400, while times they are slow, but not im.the damage to the building will not "Pape's Diapepsin" is quick, positiveexceed that amount. The report that smd Puts your stomach in a healthythe fire was caused by defective elec- condition so the misery won't cometrie wiring was without foundation, Dack.as investigation revealed the fact that .Yon f.eei different soon as "Pape'sthere was no current turned on in the IHapepsin" comes in contact with thebuilding at the time the fire was dis-1 stomach distress dust vanishescovered. jjTour stomach gets sweet, no gases.Mr. Spears who discovered the fire, j no oelching, no eructations of undi-ested food, your head olpars awrtyou feel fine.Go now, make the best investmentyou ever made by getting a largeiifty-cent case of Pape's DiapepsiRfrom any drug store. You realise infive minutes how needless it is to suf-Thomas & Woodford. fL?m 5?5g!?on' dpepsiaor aayufvuiuu uioumw. karjcovered a number of fires while patrol-ex-ereda number of fires while patrol-mg his beat, and his prompt act'onhas prevented considerable fire loss.Fire, wind and lightning insurance.DADDY DONT YOU WISH YOU HADSTARTED A BANK. ACCOUNT AYear, agoWHEN YOUWEREEARNINGMORC '$4.00 Ladies' English Toe, Sale Price $2.994.00 Ladies' Patent and GunMetal, Sale Price 2.994.00 Ladies' Tan and Black SuedeSalePrice 2.493.00 Ladies' Patent and Gun MetalSale Price .'. " .993.00 Ladies Velvet, but.! Sale Price 1 492.50 Ladies' Gun Metal, but and,lace, Sale Price 1 .49 .2.00 Ladies' Gun Metal, Sale Price .99$4.50 Men's Gun Metal, Sale Price.. $3.404.00 Men's Tan button, Sale Price.. 2.994.00 'Men's- English Toe, SalePrice 2.493.50 Men's Gun Metal, Sale Price., 1 .992,50 Men's Gun Metal, lace, Sale NPrice 1 .492.50 Boys' Patents, lace, SalePrice 1.491.50 Little Gnts, lace 99at!&Children's Shoes at lialf-Price-AH Kinds of Rubbersgreatly Reduced Prices25c value, of Baby Soft Sole .Shoes, 200 pairs, at 6c each.A Big Selection of Vernon Shoe Co., Bankrupt Sale, Sold by 77. S. CourtFootwear at1-2of Regular ValueSale Began Saturday, January; 17thShoelStore,Paris, KyDAN COHENAll the past year he spent money for THIS or thatuseless thing. Yes, money-, that would have piled up in thehank. It didn't se,em much, as he spent it in dribs, but nowhe realizes he WASTED MONEY and has nothing to showfor if. Regrets -won't pay for anything except wrinkledbrovs. Gan't you deny yourself a few little things forYOUR FAMILY'S SAKE, and put it safe in our bantf? "Make OUR bank YOUR bank "Yfe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.BY THE OLD RELIABLE HOUSE3D -A- UO" COTCL3rwJLm wJLtEG 1STDEPOSIT BANK OF PARISIyiga AaMMMMajBH.mj aaMaa L Bf 'Capital, $00,000.).Switm, $4G$90,QC.J. tM J A L. rRESICJENTC.K.THOMAS. CASHiEi.J 4 rVr SL Jfl fi H Jl . jaJ-1 s7fit.