fS?5' -.V . ' . .lj&x&z&i , : , i '"4&&V- ' r:TLmZst Sr,PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR''Jl.VOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 14,' 1914.:VTH:F RDI IRRON ' NFWS iwgggk jI vv- ' -.- -w -ALEXANDER BANKsGftlN BROUGHTlNTOnLIMELIGHT.Commissioners Sue Louisvilleand Cincinnati BanksFor Notes.ASSIGNEE FILESHIS STATEMENT.Depositors Hold Second Meeting and Perfect PlansFor Action.SUNDAY HOTTEST DAY OFPRESENT TORRID SPELL.Sunday, according to both tagibleand intangible evidence, may go downin local history as the hottest andmost uncomfortable day of the" year.Thermometers all over the city registered 'from 98 to 104, and many ofthem showed 106. All over the citythere was evidence of the effect ofthe intense heat. Man and beastalike sought relief from the blistering, scorchering rays of Old Sol. Inthe afternoon the situation was somewhat relieved by a light breeze -whichsprung up. Later in the day cloudsbegan to bank in the sky and a lightrain, lasting perhaps fifteen minutes,fell giving promise of developing intoa real shower, but the relief it afforded was but slight. Afetrward the heatwas intense and the humidity madelife almost unbearable.Drouth conditions throughout thiscounty are about the same, no rainhaving fallen to afford relief.If rains do not come soon the wholecountry will be baked to a crisp.Green garden stuff has become a meredream ;the owner of a patch that hasproduced a few real vegetables oughtto have it photographed and preservedas a relic.TCiiias J. Smith, of Frankfort,sta?e Banking Commissioner, andBuctnier Woodford, of Paris, SpecialDep ny Banking Commissioner, whoirt winding up the affairs of the.ank of George Alexander & Compan, State Bank, of Paris, filed suitm the Jefferson Circuit Court Thursday against the American NationalBank, of Louisville, to secure the return of notes aggregating $35,211.17,held as collateral by the defendant tosecure a loan of $33,000 made to thedefunct Paris bank July 1, 1907. Theplaintiffs ask that if the notes cannot be had, that they be given judgment for their value and damages, nosum being specified.It is alleged that at the time theAlexander bank suspended it had ondeposit with the American NationalBank $10,837.45, which the plaintiffsclaim should be in their hands. It isclaimed a check for the amount wasdrawn in favor of J. J. Williams, attorney for the plaintiffs, but that payment at the American National Bankwas refused.It is also alleged that AttorneyWilliams made demand on the bankfor the return of the notes, or the prorp.p.ds that might have been realizedon any of them, and tb.at this demandalso was refused.The plaintiffs claim that the highest amount of indebtedness or liability which George Alexander & Co., under its articles of incorporation mightincur, is 10,000, and that it was notempowered to become indebted to anyperson or corporation in excess ofthat amount. It is alleged that at thetime the loan was made by the Amerran Xational Bank the Alexanderbank was already involved in a sumin excess of that allowed by law. It isclaimed that, under the conditions,the defendant bank had no authorityto execute the loan to the Alexanderbank, and that the notes are void.Plaintiffs claim it is necessary to secure the assets held by the AmericanXational Bank in order to satisfy allcreditors of the Paris institution.The bank of George Alexander &Co., of Paris, was placed in the hands.if state Banking Commissioner Thos.J. Smith, May 19, 1914, and since thenit has been under the personal supervision of Buckner Woodford, appointed by Commissioner Smith towind up its affairs, and Judge JohnM. Lassing, of Newport, and J. J. Williams, of Paris, attorneys for the Deputy Commissioner, and the depositors.The former president is now undermore than thirty indictments and isat liberty on bond of $50,500 awaitingtrial at the next term of the BourbonCircuit Court at Paris in the fall.SUITS.We do not want to carry them over.We would rather have you carry themaway. These prices will see the lastof them for us:$20 and $25. Suits, for $9.98.$30 and $35 Suits for $12.50.$40 Suits for $17.50.One lot of White Serge Suits, slightly soiled, $25 values, at $6.98. rHARRY SIMON.REL6DUSC. M. THOMAS ADDRESSESLARGE AUDIENCE AT LEXINGTONI Hon. Claude M. -Thomas, of Paris,addressed a big and enthusiastic au-Services were held at the Presbv- dience in the county court room of theterian Church Sunday morning by Lexington court house yesterday, inRev., Dr. B. M. Shive. No serviceswere held, at night, in order that thecongregation could attend the tentmeeting being held at Hopewell, atwhich the local choir rendered an appropriate musical program.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theChristian Church, was unable to fillhis pulpit Sunday on account of illness, and the communion service wasconducted by W. O. Hinton, one ofthe elders of the congregation. Therewas no evening service.Rev. T. H. Atkinson, the evangelist of the Ebenezer Presbytery, isconducting an interesting tent meeting at the Hopewell PresbyterianChurch. On Sunday morning he tookfor his subject, "The Sure Foundation." At the Mens' Meeting in theafternoon he preached on the subject,"The Most Damning Sin of All." During the week Rev. Atkinson will singand speak at each nightly meeting.MATRMONALDROUTH DAMAGES CROPS.The damage wrought to crops inthis county by the continued tdrouthcan hardly be estimated in dollarsand cents. The little rain that hasfallen has not been of any considerable benefit, and nothing short of asteady rain of several days will rejuvenate the withering vegetation andreplenish the vanishing water suppliesof the farmers throughout the county.The hemp crop is badly damagedand the other crops are said to be cutto almost nothing by the lack of needed moisture. Corn is standing thedrouth better than any other crop,but shows a most distinct need ofrain. Farmers are continuing to cultivate their corn, hoping the shallowplowing may be beneficial.The drouth is also telling on tne tobacco crop, and the prospects for agood, crop of the commodity are becoming daily more discouraging. Reports from all sections of the countytell the same story. Gardens andpastures are drying up, actually andliterally, and oats, potatoes and blackberries are suffering, as well as allother things in the vegetable and animal kingdoms.There is no immediate danger ofthe water supply of Paris becomingcurtailed as a result of the drouth.There is a good stage of water inStoner Creek, from which the 'city'ssupply is drawn, and unless this supply is cut down by a prolongation ofthe dry spell, all is well. There area number of narrow places in thecreek where the channel should bewidened and deepened, so as to promote a steady flow of water to thenumnins: station. Boating will be seriously interfered with if the presentlow water continues, as some of thechannels of the creek will be impassible.theMr.CHILDREN'S DRESSES.EARLYWINE SOSBY.Mr. Willie Sosby and Miss MyrtleEarlywine, both of the Ruddles Millsneighborhood, obtained a marriagelicense Saturday from County ClerkPearce Paton, and the ceremony wasperformed by the Rev. J. T. Sharrard.Information was received tiereSaturday by relatives of the groom, ofthe marriage in Covington, Friday, ofMr. William M. Renick, aged 22, sonof Mr. Morris Renick, of Middletown,Ohio, formerly of Paris, and Miss Elizabeth Hardin, aged 20, of Franklin,Ohio. The bride is a daughter ofState Representattive Harding, ofFranklin, O. The couple were unitedin marriage at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. Hugh Leith, 155East Third Street, in Covington. Following the ceremony the young coupleiP.fr. for Middletown, O., where theywill spend their honeymooneuests of Mr. Renick's father,Morris Renick.ANNOUNCEMENT.The following- announcement,riiiii Viie hflfn received by friendsand relatives in this city, will be of interest locally:Mr. Lafayette Grinnanannounces the marriage of hisdaughterMargaret WheelertoMr. Richard Cunningham Egglestonon Wednesday the first of JulyNineteen hundred and fourteenSt. Maries, Idaho.At Homeafter the fifteenth of Julyfnmir TJe Alene. Idaho.The bride is the youngest daughterof Mr. L. Grinnan, and has for yearsmade her home, since leaving Paris,in St. Maries, Idaho. She is a veryattractive' young woman, with a largecircle of friends here who wish herhappiness in her married life.A BIG MYSTERY.See the $200,000 Thanhouser picture at The Columbia Theatre to-morrow.WASH SKIRTS.One lot of Pecakintslongunics$1.5QIaHBcr -OmFTbt of Rice Cloth Skirts, longTunics, $2 values at $1.25.HARRY SIMON.the interest of his candidacy for Congress from the Seventh district.It was county court day in Lexington, and the city was crowded withfarmer a large majority of whom attended the speaking. Mr. Thomaswas in fine form and made a splendidspeech, which was received with frequent outbursts of applause by theenthusiastic hearers.A big delegation of Mr. Thomas'friends and supporters from Parisand North Middletown, was in the audience. The Paris delegation was headed byMayor John T. Hinton and Judge E.B. January.There were a number of ladies inthe audience, who were as enthusiastic as the male portion of the bigcrowd, and they gave applause to thespeaker's remarks.Mr. Thomas devoted a large portionof his address to comments and criticisms of the official acts of his: competitor, Mr. Cantrill, who, he said, hadmisrepresented him ever since theCongressional campaign opened up amonth ago.The Fayette Thomas Club, of Lexington, attended the speaking in abody, and they made things lively allthrough the meeting.It was an almost universal expression of opinion that Mr. Thomas madea splendid impression, and on allsides it was predicted that he wouldreceive a substantial majority inFayette County.The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.ANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce Hon.C. M. Thomas as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Congressman at the August primary, to beheld in this county on Saturday,August 1, 1914.YOU DID IT!THEATRICALDEATHS'Vy?-THE PARIS GRAND.The' Paris Grand to-night, Tuesday,June 14, will present an attractiveprogram of music, mirth and mystery.There will be 2 masterful photplays"Strongheart," a remarkable picture portrayal of one of America'sgreatest dramatic successes, in threeparts, "Love, Luck and Gasoline," featuring Lillian Walker, Wallie Van(Cutey) and John Bunny; the merriest comedy of the age, and the world'srecord speed comedy. Gregg's Imperial Orchestra, in a select program ofpopular and up-to-date melodies. Asan extra attraction will be the firstappearance in this city of Mr. A. R.Johns, the hypnotist, who will give anintelligent demonstration of the hpynotic power with a pleasing absenceof the buffoonryso often seen in exhibitions of this character. Reservedseats jnay be secured at the box officeof the-Alamo Theatre. One perform-raifcenly, beginning promptly at 8: 00p. m. &ayNO PAPER CAN GET ALLTHE NEWS ALL THE TIMEWho started the vile lie upon itsway?Why, you did! You heartless assassin of reputations! You chanced upon the sweet morsel of untruth. Yourolled it around under your tongue,cunningly embellished it and thenpassed it on to some wretch as heartless and depraved as yourself, who added a quoto of lies and dealt it out toan ever widening circle of thoughtlessfools who did their duty as they sawit. You muck-raker! You creature ofthe slime, you were the very center ofthis concentric circles of slander thathave, widened and enlarged until theyhave reached remote cities andtowns.Why did you do it? This is why.Because you are a favorite child oithe Devil, a Prince of Liars, and youwish to convince people that othersare just as bad as you. Had you notpassed that lie on, you would havechoked. If you had not retouched itand colored it, you would Would havedied of jaundice.You are a member of the churchand you are always ready to fly intothe face of anyone who says aughtagainst your blessed belief, but thespirit of Christ has never enteredyour heart nor the sermon on theMount addressed itself to your understanding. If your remarks could have beenconfined to those who knwo youthey would not have hurt so much, forwhat you say about your acquaintances cannot be worse than what yourown family says about you. But remarks cannot be confined to circumscribed limits.A young girl takes a position as astenographer. Who smirched herreputation? You, you harpy!ADAIR. 'Mr. Bruce Adair, aged about W syears, died at the home of his motherMrs. Alma Adair, in Cincinnati, yrterday afternoon at 2 o'clocfcf'aifcerlingering illness of tuberculosi..He' was the eldest son of the IatasMr. A. C. Adair, of Paris, and 'ia awrvived by his ' wife, Mrs. Eliiabc -'Bayless Adaftv and two sons, NattMUfcV "Bayless Adair and A. C. Adair aCone brother, Mr. Charles Adair, ImrCincinnati.The remains will be- brought tothis city on the 10:45 a m train frtwaCincinnati, Wednesday,, aad tho.lfe-' "terment will take place in the famMjTJlot in the Paris Cemetery. wBIRTHSBorn Monday, July 13, to Mr.and Mrs. Russell Eaton, of ParrisiiLAvenue, a daughter.BOYS' WASH SUITSAT HALF PHRfCE.' - t$1.50 Suits, at 75c.$2.00 Suits at O1.00.$2.50 Suits, at $1.25.XT A TDTDXT OTSmXT,tMAY BUILD PLANING MILL.An up-to-date planing mill and tobacco hogshead factory may be added:to the industries of Paris if plans noirwell under way are successfully carried to fruition. The new enterprise'is being engineered by a coterie oCwell-known Lexington lumber men,operating under the name of the Bluer.Grass Lumber Co. At a recent meeting of the City Council applicationwas made by the promotors- of the enterprise for a permit to erect a complete plant on the Bacon lot on, Sootia.Main street. A property holder in theneighborhood objected to the grantimg:,of the permit, and the matter was. referred to the Building Committee foeaction. Since the destruction of theParis Manufacturing Cos plant oyera year ago contractors have been forced to get their supplies from, othertowns, with the result that a large-1If you J amount of money that would haveChildren's Gingham, Percale andWhite Dresses, $1.50 value, at 98c.Gingham and White Dresses, $2.00values, at $1.48.White Dresses, $3 vaules, at $1.98.White Dresses, $5 values, at $2.98.HARRY SIMON.Alleging that the George Alexanderk Company Batfc, of Paris, and itspresident, George Alexander, had noauthority, under the bank's charter,'o borrow $35,000 from, the FifthThird National Bank, of Cincinnati,and give as collateral promissory'.otes aggregating $56,000, suit wasrstituted in the United States Dis--ictCourt by Thomas J. Smith,Banking Commissioner, and Buckneruoodford, Special Deputy- Bankingmmmissioner of Kentucky, againste Fifth-Third National Bank, ofIncinnati, to recover the collateral or.ts monev value. Judgment for $56,-i0 fmlcGQ.In the petition it is alleged that onJanuary 22, 1914, the Alexander bankborrowed $10,000 from the Fifth-Thirdof Cincinnati, giving its note for $10,fi'jO. payable in four months; that onMarch 2, 1914, it borrowed $15,000more on a note payable in fourmonths and that on May 5, it executed another note for 10,000, payaoiein eixty days. Each of these notes,the plaintiffs claim, was signed bythe bank, "per George Alexander,President," and the notes were assigned the Fifth-Third as security for the?35,000 borrowed.Acpmnfl meeting of the depositorsof the George Alexander & CompanyT-iik, was held Friday afternoon attie Catholic Club room on HigUStreet The depositors present weredressed by Judge John M. Lassing,r Covington, and Attorney John J.Tinoo f PP.ris. both of whomLate been appointeS by State Banking Commissioner Thomas J. Smitn,to look after the interests of the creditors. Judge Lassing stated that liefelt confident the depositors wouldreceiver a good sized -share of theirdeposits, aa there will probably beabout 9MMH for ditributioa amongthem, if tkft itiitfc i! "cessfaL TM tjmtmmt inclwl $180,-AN EXCITING TIME!A wonderful picture full of excitingscenes The Million Dollar Mysteryat The Columbia Theatre to-morrow.9s nnn more which may be collected,and about $35,000 for which the Banking Commissioner is suing to recoverfrom Louisville and Cincinnati banks.There can be no absolute certantyaf this, however, and the business willnot be settled for some time.Th wnrk of anDraising the personalpropertv of George Alexander, lateTocirfont of the defunct Alexander &Co. State Bank, having been completoil hv thA annraisers. Jos. M. Hall, SE. Bedford and William Shire, the re-Jport of the assignee, Mr. w. u. runton was filed in the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, Friday afternoon.An appraised value slightly exceedr $19 nnn was maced on 400 items ofp'ersonal property,-among which themncf valuable items are a residencevalued ati $14,000, an automobile valued tit 52,500, 500 shares or CitizensLife Insurance stock, of the value of$2,600, and stock in the Fifth-ThirdNational Bank of Cincinnati, $2,35.Values ranging from 50c to ya.nmr0 nlftftAd on several ouier xuems.Other stocks whose actual value wasnot determined, were ateo listed inthe report. . . ,.When the work of appraising thediamonds and other jewels was takenup a report, filed by Mrs. Alexander,uii a. mv TOf,ih chfi claimed awas receiveu, m "m,0r nf iewels as her personalnnri iir. iue.auuciANNUAL REUNION OF ELKS.An event of great interest in fraternal circles will be the annual reunion of the Kentucky State Elks' Reunion Association, which will beheldin Georgetown from August 18 toAcmet 9,( inclusive. The official program has been issued in an attractivepamphlet. Fred O. Neutzel, of Louisville, is President, and Frank U. Harries, of .Lexington, is First Vice-Pres-dent.DEMOCRATS, REGISTER.Democratic Registration Day isJuly 18. Register yourself and seethat your neighbor does likewise onthat day.No, we can't tell it all. No paperever did, or ever will. It matters little how particular we are, we arebound to find each issue, after thepaper goes to press, that we havemissed a story or two. We wouldpublish all the news all the, time, however, if the people were half so particular to see that we knew abouttheir goings, comings or doings abthey are in noting whether or not itappears in print. We want all thenews, and will appreciate any helpextended to us in this direction.NEW OBSERVATION CARS ONLOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE.The Louisville & Nashvilla RailroadCompany will shortly place twohandsome new all steel observationcars on its through, trains normbound No. 32 and southbound No. 55.The former reaches Paris at 6:15 forCincinnati, and the latter arrive at11-00 a. m., for Atlanta. The carswill be equipped with the very latestin railway construction and will beused in the though service betweenCincinnati and Atlanta via Paris.FIRE DESTROYS THRESHINGOUTFIT AND WHEAT.A flvfline: sDark from an engine belonging to a threshing outfit operatedWEATHER BUREAU HOLDS OUT Dy Mr. Bishop Hibler, on the BurkeNO PROMISE OF RELIEF.WASHINGTON, July 13 Generallyfair weather, with temperature abovenormal east of the Rocky Mountainsand below normal on the Pacific slopewas forecast by the Weather Bureaufor the coming week."Widely scattered thundershowerso, rrnhnhlP." said the bulletin, "butno important disturbance is chartedlto cross the country auriug lub CCxvEXTRA!. DON'T MISS IT!fk Brent farm, on the Maysvjlle pikestarted a fire yesterday afternoonwhich destroyed the separator andsupply cart, and & wagon loaded withwheat. The fire caused a loss estimated at about $2,000.The 'fire communicated to the wheatstubble and was only extinguishedby hard efforts on the part of the harvest hands.did not do it with a blatant lie youdid it with a shrug of the shoulder ora toss of the head. Why did you doit? She is better than you. She isself-sustaining, independent, cleareyed, thoughtful, chaste. And you?You are a slattern evil-minded shrew,dependent upon some one gallusedignoramus for your victuals andclothes. " -A man and his wife had a quarrel.Married people who do not quarrel occasionally, have no brains, or they areso unmindful of each other that nothing matters. What did you do aboutit? You magnified that quarrel intoa battle royal, swore that they threwdishes at each other, had separatedand would be divorced. Why did youdo it? Because you cannot tell thetruth and also because the wretch towhom you carried the news would nothave been pleased with anything soordinary as a family quarrel. Botnyou and the other creature aeai together in superlatives.Lay this truth to your heart rightnow, before you lay down this paper;recall it every time any one attemptsto tell you something harmful aboutany one else. A scandal-monger isalways a mirror in which are reflectedthe faults complained of. A womanwho on slight evidencse condems another woman of immorality is herselfimmoral. Young women who form acabal to discuss the conduct ot tneirfriends will bear watching. A arunKen man imagines the world is drunk.A dope fiend is fully persuaded everybody dopes. A liar thinks on onespeaks the truth.Reputable people of this city havebeen injured because liars taiKeuabout them. The reputation of thepeople of Paris has become u by-wardand a joke in surrounding cities andtowns. A perfect epidemic of gossipis flooding this community. Decent,coif.reisnpctfnff ueonle did not start it.LUpright people have not circuiateu it.A few tnougntiess, uuu uui. .,have helped, but the great harm hasbeen done by the vicious and viletalking about their abetters. Put astop to it.been spent in Paris has been diverted. kto other places. It is hoped that op- -jectionsto the location of the plantmay be overcome, and that the eaterprise will be in successful operation,at the earliest possible time.DEMOCRATS, REGISTER"!Democratic Registration Day te.July 18. Register yourself and aeethat your neighbor does Hkewfse,JCHt'1that day.SUMMER NECESSITIES.We are offering real values thisweek on Porch Swings, Vu dor .Shades,.Refrigerators and Hammocks Alsospecial reductions on Wall Paper and;Go-Carts.THE J. T. HINTON COvJULY COLLECTOR.This is the day of the July collectorswhen the. big semi-annual clearinghouse is in session. Nearly everyman you meet these days, with. an.obsequious smile will produce a formidable loking bill from the recesses ofa big bill book and insist upon, a settlement. It does not do to put him,off, for he bobs up again in a fewdays with remarkable persistence. Ifevery one would pay every one elsepromptly, a whole lot of debts could -besquared up with the same bunch ofmoney, and we would all get newleases on life and credit for the nextsix months. Try it and see.GINGHAMS.From 2 p. m. to 3 p. m. each dayduring the Sale we will sell-Apron.Gingham, at per yard, 3c 10 yds.to a customer.HARRT SIMON-:LEAVING THINGS OUT OFfire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas, & Woodfordproperty,alsoclaimed exemption for a number ofdiamonds and otner jewei. ""&-that tbey came under the head ot; ;cr annarftl" , A vigorous pro-fOSf ar9int accenting the report ofthe. appraiser tas' made, and exceptions wUl be filed An behalf a nJUr of Mr. :kaJders refrnaljtftfhitor toy i tipilWThe best and most expensive serial-r.f,irp ever made The Million Dollar Mystery at The Columbia Theatreto-morrow.SALE OF REAL ESTATE.Mrs. Eula B. Estis, of this county,purchased of Mr. John S. Jones, ofParis, a vacant lot in the Doyle Addi-Hnn. at a private price. The purchaser will erect a modern cottage onthe lot.NOTICE TO STOCKMEN.T,if vnnr stock in M. J. Murphy's tp. wis. of Davton.""J" 7. 7. - j.w. P .monthly combination saies. t-ieuty uHilars alwavs on nana, we ua.ii conyour horsesf mules, "ponies, cows', cat-iJleeir. Next sale'wiil le keld'onMon-day, August, couaty; -court ay(21ap-tf)- ' . , .FORMER PARIS PLAYERSWILL PLAY IN ALABAMA.First-baseman Garrett and righfielder Moors, lately of the Paris teamin the Ohio-State League, have goneto Alabama, where they will play theremainder of the season. Formermanager "Red" Munson, and 'Mrs.Munson are in Portsmouth, O., wherethey will remain until Munson catcneson with another league team. Munson was about as glittering, a successo mnnnoror ne was the faniOUS J06ao ii.i.0. j'PORCH SHADES.Wersell the beautifuVana seryice-The Bourbon News is a local newspaper, with several thousand readerswhn Tiav for the paper for the purpose of finding in its columns, as faras can be obtained, the happeningsof the city and county, and, of course,in publishing the news, many itemsget in that some of our best friendsdislike to see, and which, we disliketo publish, and many items are leftout that our friends would like to see,and which we would like to publish,n. fQ Imvo the nubile to serve,which cannot be done without treating all as near alike as possible.We have nobody to punish or reward one above another, and to treatall fair and give the happenings asnear without bias or prejudice as possible, is our aim and duty.nr treatment of those whose namesappear in the court records is so fairand impartial that we should not beo-equested to omit any part of therecord, because to do this would be aninjustice to others, besides, our subscribers wouhTnot.be getting justwliat they j?ay for, and, 'would havejust -grosna jtot 'uoiujfw-DEMOCRATS, REGISTERJ , . .Democratic Regisfation Day iiJu'ly 13. Register yourself and seeyour neighbor does likewise on thatday- - ,NOTICE TO CARPENTERS.The News is in receipt of a letterfrom Mr. Will Williams, of Cincinnatiformerly of Paris, stating that a.strike of carpenters has been in pKKgress in that city for the past taJdays, and repuesting us to ask carpea.--tersstay away from Cincinnati. "JVbamd tatable ''No,WliipJPorchShAda.-fTkey! Tkeas owevewln w'will DieaW you. .,. - tiom or tte Jw wsmprnp. ,mwhich the characters of women axeinvolved, that we reserve the right toact as we think best for human' character and for the good of socity;.lnjtin the ordinary affairs of huma caa-duct, a paper should not be requitedto discriminate as between fhoecharged with public offense.While on this subject we wiU takeoccasion to say, for those chargedwith any character of offense, it immuch better for them to be Jairlymentioned in their local newspeper-than not to be, for the public -will aathem out anyway, and will beunjust in their criticisms than it F ilished. It is better to publish them.These remarks are published thatthe public may understand the dirand intentions of thoe whe edit odmanage nawapafeta, amd that naonable rttP torI of eertaia feature df newsakottt not l Kae.Lv -jrJ " sir . -tlrl;i. .","AATS'MLlvfra. : 23vTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, .KENTUCKY, 'JULY 14 1914EWeak Women!- Some women are weak because of ills that are commonIn Girlhood Womanhoodand MotherhoodThe prescription which Dr. R. Y. Pierce used most successfully indiseases of women which has stood the test of nearly half a century isDr. Pierce's Favorite PrescriptionTake this in liquid or tablet form as a tonic and regulator!WKtop.RIdThe Bburbon NewsEstablished' 188132 Years of Corvtinouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky.Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00incommenced to get better. I neveriSasmyseUunhappJ. So you see what a debt I owe you!Dr.Pierce'sPleasantPelletsregalatestomack,liver,bowels-A' v.v -zXsPhonesandOpportunitiesPayable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.STOCK AND FARM NOTES.Squire O.B. Lloyd,-of near Hutchison, shipped twenty-three head of fathogs, averaging 275 pounds, to theCincinnati market Tuesday morning.Frank Buchanan, of Bourbon, recently sold thirty-six head of cattle toJonas Weil, of Lexington, at $8.i0 perhundred pounds. The cattle averaged1,250.Robt. Meeter, of near Hutchison,recently sold 26 head of fat cattle toJonas Weil, of Lexington, at $7.75 perhundred pounds. The cattle averaged1.175 pounds.James E. Cray, who is operating athreshing machine near Hutchison,says that in the ten crops 'of wheatthreshed by him the average wilL runfrom twenty to thirty-five bushels tothe acre, and that the quality is allgood. Buyers at Hutchison are paying76 cents for the crop."DRY" TERRITORY ISNOT AFFECTEDBY VOTE.OUR TELEPHONES WILL BRING YOU CUSTOMERSFRiENDS HELP YOU TO LIVES 1Mr. Business Man Let us bring customers toyour door.Let us help you increase your sales.Whether you are managing a dry goods store or adairy farm, we can be of real assistance to you.- How?By our prompt, efficient day and night telephone service.Realize the full value of "Longdistance" by usingit. Our rates are reasonable.GIk Paris Rome telephone and ek graph Co.BOUND FOR THE PEN.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. K. E. SPEARS, Commerical Manager.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetIf the "wets" win in the local option election to be held in Septemberthe county outside of the city -limitswill remain "dry" and the licensedsale of liquor in Paris will continue.If the "drys" win, the whole countywill go "dry" and the licensed sale ofliquor in Paris will be discontinued.Many persons have asked whetherthe present dry precincts in the county would be effected should thecounty-wide vote be "wet" at the September election. It seems, after reading the statute on the question, thatthere can be no doubt in the matter.The statute says that territory now"dry" shall not be effected, should thecounty go "wet."Section 2560, Kentucky statutes,provides, in part, that "when an election is held in an entire county, anda majority of the legal votes cast atsaid election are against the sale, barter or loan of spirituous, vinous, maltor otner intoxicating liquor, tnen itshall not be lawful to sell, barter orloan any 'such liquor in any portionof the county.If at such an election for the entire county the majority of the legalvotes cast are in favor of the sale,barter of any such liquor, such anelection shall not operate to make itlegal to grant license to sell, barteror loan such liquors in any territorialdivision of such county from whichthe sale, barter or loan has been excluded by an election held under thisarticle or by special act, but thestatus of such territorial divisionsnail, remain as if no election hadbeen held.Two prisoners, one white and onecolored both convicted at the recentterm of Bourbon Circuit Court, weretaken to the Frankfort State Prison,Wednesday in charge of Sheriff W. P.Talbott and Circuit Clerk Wm. H.Webb. The men were Geo. McFey,white, given an interminate sentenceof from two to two and one-half yearsfor safe-braking; Dan Chinn, colored,one year for obtaining goods underfalse pretenses.DOVE SEASON OPENS AUGUST 1.Hunting licnese sales in June andthe early days of July have picked up,according to reports reaching the office of the Game and Fish Commission, and sportsmen are beginning todiscuss the location of doves, thehunting of which will be legal August1. The squirrel season now is theonly open one.'rCrTnMrr Mltovaa TJTinri matlnm. SnrO JIUB-CleB. Neuralgia, Backache, Headache and.11 r.otr.a Vm mnnov Imrt It It I BUB IO '.ft: - i-- i ....... nt Yta hnri'" tnova any auuu iu bui jioh "wAlteon minutes time..Jfrice ovc. ax .at jjrugyFree lampls and circular sent on raqueit.BOURBON REMEDT UUMfANl,THETRUDENtMAfTKEEPSffS MONEYSAFEfrisjwiwiim 2&MML -LLLMI &rA-- 1 1-HAH Mf- TTT.r .S SST-- KH im ii i l ims&je j3VsipS wI rwmwtllmvSm''fill SiHHE $ffiF !i I Lin JwfePLB Hitt OUR BANKBurglars have a way of finding out the house in whichmoney is hidden. That's the burglars' business.The man who hides his money in his house or elsewhereis always in great danger of losing both his MONEY and hisLIFE.Hide your money in our bank, behind our thick wallsand strong locks and where men of known financial RESPONSIBILITY keep it SAFE for you.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT SANK OF PARIS.M.Capita!, $100,000.00.HALL, President.Surplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.We Take Pleasure.in noing up the finest shirtwaists or -anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous for fine work and itdever goes beck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciate.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.V -?.?--?'V''- j'jt.'lwc.' N...fcFriCOUNCILMEN EXPELLED.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONBS DATE 137; NIGHT 299.Another chapter 'was written in theGeorgetown councilmanic "drama"when two of the "dry" members, J.W. "Thacker and Leonard J. Hambrick,were ousted from the board.The former was accused of sellingto the city $2.10 worth of groceriescince holding office, and the latter ofrenting to the city a sprinkling wagonby which the streets have been oiled.Thacker made no defense, and Hambrick pleaded "not guilty."Thacker had brought charges ofcontracting with city against threeof the "wet" Councilmen, Lewis Sublett, James Fluke and James Dunn,and a vote upon their expulsion hasbeen held up pending the decision ofthe, Court ofAppeals. John S. Gaineswas appointed to fill Thacker's unexpired term. Hambrick's successorhas not been named.On account of the differences between the two factions in the Councilthe pay-roll for June has been heldup. On a charge of contempt of courteach of the four "dry" Councilmenwas fined $2 by Mayor Stone, and $10was assessed against Mr. Hambrickbecause of the alleged violent natureof the address made before the Council after the expulsion.342 East Main St.Lexington, Ky."SWriV 'il rsa5 AJiTC3u-rfteSi.4 fey wtwirlmw'IMrWr'JItf?- -rw. ffiB JB.lL J.U,JkU KJli. UlULLftiPz.nv jlmenlaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome ? nan cle;ir, steady light. Insurethis by petti ns the oil that burnsclear nud clean withoufc a flicker'A down to the hot irop. Pennsylvania.a crndo o:l refinrl to perfection.9 '"f. no mo-e than tha inferiora ""nr! ni! fives MONEY saves3 ' " -fV" " .. .:..,'.v '- : OOLITE OIL intj -nt.. .. , i , ir works.p unas. u: sit. I OH Co.t V5jvfl l. ;.. ;H.:io I :.oCarb"Id At v.:i. -5Ji?mw&mmsi&NOJURISDICTION INCONCEALED WEAPONCASESSafe InvestmenT'winBrosPolice Judges and Magistrates haveno jurisdiction to try persons chargedwith carrying concealed and deadlyj weapons, under the act of 1914, in theopinion of Assistant Attorney GeneralM. M. Logan. This act adds to thepenalty for the first conviction disfranchisement for two years, and hebelieves that in keeping with its lineof decisions the Court of Appealswould hold that this added penaltywould deprive the -Magistrates of thepower to try such cases. CountyJudge, under another act of 1914 havejurisdiction in all misdemeanor cases,and if this act is constitutional Mr.Logan said they will' have jurisdiction to try cases of carrying cdncealedweapons.v -Cives advice to all the people "of J Parisand Bourbon County to invest their moneyIn(plothing, Shoes, rHats, Caps,, Underwear, Etc.They will give you one hundred cents onONE WAY TO KEEP "COOL."'A certain gentleman decided hewould cool the atmosphere around hisabode the' other day by throwing coldwater on the thermometer. To. hisgreat surprise it went from ninety toeighty and he took his seat upon thelawn and enjoyed llie coolness, andfrom that time when he. begins to feelthe heat he immediately gives the"thermometer another . bath. Anothergood way is to keep the temperatureindicator in the refrigerator. Winchester Democrat. "LEXINGTONBANKS ASKLOAN OF$500,000.The national banks of LexingtonWOMAN WOULDNOT GIVE UPThough Sickanrl Suffering; AtLast Found Help in LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.Richmond, Pa. " When I startedtaking Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound I was in adreadfully rundownstate of health.had internal troubles, and was so extremely nervous andprostrated that if IJjjjjf had given in to myteelings 1 wouldhave ,been in bed.As it was I hadhardly strength attimes to be on myfeet and what I did do was by a greateffort. I could not sleep at night andof course felt very bad in the morning,and had a steady headache."After taking the second bottle I noticed that the headache was not so bad,', I rested better, and my nerves werestronger. I continued its use until itmade a new woman of me, and now Ican hardly realize that I am able to doso much as I do. Whenever I know anywoman in need of a good medicine Ihighly praise Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound." Mrs. FrankClark, 3146 N. Tulip St., Richmond, Pa.Women Hare Been Telling Women. for forty years how Lydia E.Pinkham'sI ll H 'fe fe) 8 Ii Ifo- A & iI "Hi W a I500,000 to aid in moving the cropsof Central . Kentucky. This was inre-the dollar on your merchandise investment. sponse to a notice issued a month ago4 mat. uie vjoveruuieut wouiu again cuii'sider such loans. Last year Lexington borrowed $375,000. The increased( amount is askwl now because vof thev. prospects for larger cropjs.have sent a request to Secretary of Vegetable Compound has restored theirLUC iicaouij xv..c.vnfj jlui a. xuau. uiOftll in and see them.. L. WOLLSTEIN, Prop.health when suffering with female ills.This accounts for the enormous demandfor it from coast to coast. If you aretroubled with any ailment peculiar towomen why don't you try Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound? Itwill pay you to do so. Lydia E: Pink-fham Medicine "Co., 'Lynn, Mass.SPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, JULY is, 1914$.25RoundTripMl lii Hi'lsMi iJr,25RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLeaves GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.' ''" i SM&23Sml525&z&0&4F'lf r "Uff)We don9 1 expect all our friends tobe customers, hut all our customerswho useFOX RIDGE COALGROUNDAND SANIFECTare our friends.Dodson & DenioParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St, .Both Phones -1 403gE2IsS3SSS.Q&!H2355;i2SS23SSMlmm m HiiMHiM H HmmParis Odorless Cleaning Co.Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedjto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.1Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Itid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25e.H$When you feeldiscouragecoufused, nevous, tired, worried or despondent it issure sign you need MOTTS NERVER1KPILLS. They renew the normal vigor ainake life worth living. Be sure and askMott?s Nenrerine Pills gJ&JWILLIAMS MFC; CO., PrW-, CUyWJ. OfaiPILES! PILES! PILESiWILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMEPWill cure Blind, Bleeding and-Itchiag PilIt absorbs the tumors, allays itchia? at os 'acts as a. poultice, gives instant relief.For saleXby all dntgfists, aail'Me &ad 9Lvmjumwc,fr9f9omdmitf'ir J-:A.::-:4-fpTHE BOURBON" NES, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY XA, I9i4.WJ'OilwGWITH VELVETCOATEES3LUE LICK TO BE BOTTLED.Blue Lick water for which Nichols countv has been famous for more'han a century, flows from the wellm the farm of Rfchard Whaley, nearMejers, at the rate of two gallonseery twenty sceonds.This vein was struck a few weeks 'ast when the Moorefield Oil & Gas"7 o vas sinking a well many hundredftet deep for prospects of oil.That the water is the genuine Blue 'Tick there is no aouut. ine uuaiy-is has proven it to contain all themnprties of the water that madeiZi Lick renowned. It not only A SUMMER FANTASYa the smell but the taste of thec-enuinef therefore the company haspurchased and installed a pumpingoutfit and will thoroughly equip forbottling and will " placa it on thea.arket.m,0 treneth of the vein wascn en a test on last Thursday, when1the pump was set in action at 2 o'clock and without ceasing pumped Horse-Hair Aigrettes and The- ..til 10 o'clock Friday morning,-.ith no noticeable change in thedepth of the water in the well.Many of the stockholdars and citizens of that community visited theell during the day Sunday and thewas in constant use inxougu-Tendencies Id SummerGowns and Crepe WrapsNew .Veils.pump: NEW YORK, July 12.In the early part of the season taf-nnt the day. A general invitation had Xeta gowns with little trimming, com-been. given for people to visit there plicated and bizarre cuts and shapes,Sunday and many jugs were carried together with the vogue for comav. jbining colors and fabrics, made iti i seem mat lace ana emDroiaery were! relegated to the chimney corner. Butas the season advanced there has beenT a decided change, and lace has come; into tne ioremost ranKS or uame', Fashion's faithful guards.Chantilly, embroidered net, and metallic laces gold, silver and silvercombined with steel are among thenewest and most popular of weaves.I ATTENTION,.PEOPLE!Do You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit Jewelldas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.SPICR8GLC1ISTELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101i ii you p immyou could have a cool kitchen, no coal to carry, nokindling to split, no ashesto carry, and at about halfthe price of coal, wouldn'tyou be interested? We cansho w you thatGASwill do all these things, andmore.See us to-day for kitchen Jcomfort. JI paths gas a! ELECTRIC GO. IIncorporated. J------- mm. 'mS9cecRemm99mNECTOILETESSTESHere are some of thethings we sell for use onany lady's dressing table:Spiro Powder 25cOdorono 25cRosaline 25cCold Cream D. &R..25cPeroxide Cream 25cElcaya Cre ? 50cPomp. Massage Cream 50cMulford Talcum 25cColgate's Talcum 15-25cFreeman's Powder . . .25cLaBltcke Face Powder 50cThese are not all.People's Pharmacy4tt paris,-ky:Doyle, Buildin g8th and Main."WatGk Our "Wiadows."413ing in all one color, and would alsobe striking if the treatnient of the marterials were reversed, and the taffetaused for the rufflss and the crepe de lChine used for the front of the skirt !i and overwaist. jFor evening wear and dancing thetrocks are very plain, with long,straight bodices" which have little orno trimming upon them. The skirt isits own trimming, usually being cut ina very bouffant effect. The little fishtail train seems to have had its day,for most of the frocks ;ast .clear thefloor. Of course, here and there wasee a dinner gown with a round-cuttrain, but even that is arranged sothat it may be easily disposed of ifthe measure of the dance allures toostrongly.Capes are having a wonderful vogueWhich will undoubtedly last into thewinter and be adapted to fur for thecold months. At present they arelined with brilliant and heavily brocaded linings. Soft, thickly piledmaterials, such as duvetyne velvet orplush, will be used with brilliant andheavily brocaded linings. Soft, thicklypiled materials, such as duvetyne velvet or plush, will be used for theseand will, no doubt, be as effective asthe capes in the lighter-weight materials. The winter wraps wlil undoubtedly j?e closer fitting than thesummer onete. The attractive summer tailored suits are being madewith these cape wraps, and manydresses in such materials as heavy,course linen and pique are made withcapes of the same.A great deal of brocaded silk is being used by young and old. Eveningslippers are made of the same material' as the gown, or in cloth of goldor silver, one of the fabrics handsomeenough to wear with these exquisitegown.The trend of hair-dressing seems tobe toward the knot at the nape of theneck, or high and close to the head,as most of the new hats are veryclosely fitting turbans.Fancy ornaments, such as tinyfeathers in diamond-studded mounts,are worn in the hair. Thes ornaments cannot fail to be most popular,as they far surpass those worn informer years.The manufacturers are workingover-time to make new feather fanciesof numidi and ostrich with which totrim our hats'. And our old friendDobbin will no doubt come in for hisfull share of popularity.It is a far cry from the little birdin a tropical, ioresi, iu wiiuiu we ueso indebted for our aigrettes, to thestable 'with its shaggy maned andlong-tailed horse; but from the horsein the stable comes the greater partr"WE KNOW HOW"WWSTRAW HATS1t.IATi)HALF PRICE!Panamas and HopkinsStraws at Reduced. xi ices.f'B UY NO WL Wliile. We Have Yotir Sie.t?i x -f ty.iMitchell & Blakcmorc,The Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckyMcCallThe Lower Skirt Cut on a CrosswiseFold of Striped Gingham Is a Suggestion of Home Dressmakers. ,Some charming gowns have beenmade with shoulder capes and HenryIV. capes of Chantilly and embroidered net. A black cobweb lace coversa waist of cubic design, subduing theharsh, crude colors into an artisticcreation.Another frock in which lace is usedin an unusual combination has a bodice of lace simply draped, while theskirt has the tunic of Chantilly witha circular velvet band at the bottom.The lower skirt is also of lace, and avelvet belt with a gorgeous velvetrose completes the costume.After lace comes maline, which, isrichly handsome in black, veilinga gown of cream colored lace, girdledby a brilliant sash."Organdy is having a great voguein Paris. It is used for tunics ongowns of satin, in both black andwhite, and is trimmed with bands ofsatin, and Shades of Past Hot Summers bands of fur!Whole organdy dresses -are worn agreat deal, especially with the charming coatees of taffeta and faille silk.The very newest of these little wrapsare made of black chiffon velvet.The materials of winter have invadedthe summer. Will the fabrics of summer dare face winter?Two simple but charming summermodels are shown in my illustrations.The first is a dress of striped ginghamand plain chambray. An entirely newnote of trimming possibilities isshown in the stripped girfgham, withits stripes placed crosswise instead ofthe usually accepted method of havingthem go up and vdown. The raglansleeves are of the stripes, while thefront and back of the waist and thestraight tunic ae of plain tan cnam-bray. . .A silk dress is never amis sin one'swardrobe, for it will save many anhour at the ironing table, and is always ready for emergencies. In thesecond illustration is shown a dress ofblue taffeta, with an underwaist andplaited ruffles extending across theback to the edge of the front' of whiteprepe de Chine, stamped with acharming Pompadour, design. Thisis a frock which mayN serve, as a suggestion for many different ways ptusing materialsmggsmnte-4 fa 1w cSO, If k -Wi SBSSHHMkMi1 zfmi I ilfit " "" ykw I f i " - ln 'VM j M SEft. " j flWif '41 8hi i liraM ' ft I A1 Hi r i li 8I -" I- ' 8U " -I 8l - i-1 ,8Ul r ii)w-. -J7 McCaij.ftrjif -P SIWhen a girl has her Own Hair sheis so afraid that you won't notice itthat she fixes it so it will look asshe had slept in it all night and parades down the street without a hat.For the love of Mike try to actnatural. Most people take themselvesso seriously that other people regardthem as jokes.You may be able to convince a manthat he is wrong, but you won't convince him that you are right.A woman doesn't always stop infront of a window to look over whatis displayed therein. She wants somert1ior -vvnmjin tn Tn? hpr so she O.ilTl !get a look at the rear of the dress she , know how to say nothing at the righttime.You may have noticed that not oneof the eminent foreigners who havebeen criticizing the American Girl hasdared to say that she is Over-Dressed.Why do boys love dogs and throwrocks at cats?It takes a mighty smart man tois wearing.Plain Taffeta and Pompadour Crepede Chine Lend Charm to Thisof the wonderful imitation aigrettes,which are replacing so effectivelythose obtained at the expense of thebird's life. This same hair is usedfor the horse-'haif braids and trimmings, which wear so well. Bewareof imitations, however, for the imitations get sticky and soon lose all luster, oftimes getting torn if the" leastbit damp.The veil worn during the spring after the mode called "harem" is theforerunner of the present style. Wewill no longer be snugly pinned intoour veils. These come in a varietyof meshes, the most popular beingbordered with dots or lace. For, thedevotee of the heavy veil, heavy lacesare arranged on a light elastic,pinned around the chin and Very tightin the back, the top of the veil withits elastic edging being so placed atthe edge of the hat brim as to makeit possible for its wearer when shewishes to eat luncheon to drop itdown from the top without otherwisedisarranging its adjustment.I showing ormI FIRELESS COOKERS IThat save so many good housekeepers from the heat and willmake your cooking much easier.You can do your cooking whiletlown town doing your shopping.Nothing will burn. Prices,$8.00 up to $28,00Refrigerators!A few more refrigerators leftat a big reduction. Let us showyou. Also, get the prices.$6.75 up to $36.jm iffitet ! Im HIT illISrHIHL I illIlKLJL ILI jxjgijt Hjli BMMBpBh JHDr. Deojay prayed for funeralsamong his flock at Mariners HarborBaptist Church, New York, the flockcharged.'''Wrong," saidi the minister.. "I'mtoo ousy winding the clock and repair-It -would b eharm- Ing the furnace." - . 'Porch Chairs and SwingsFor the Comforts During the Hot Days. .A Big Saving.A. F. Wheeler Furniture 06.Main and ThirdCHAS.-GRE1EN, Mgr.Opp. Court Home'H-Ml--J !IKKr,. . s-w-v;--Ir. - -;!.. -:y&t ,--s.rsisrr.THE BOURBGN NS;g$&t- -y.I..I.II41IIlI'IIl'I'4'lIII,,. JI Begins Iluesday, July 14 fA "" ' '' "" ' ' V "i1 '' iJEtSmJtitthttttH wPSIMONS4..I....4.4i.i...H..I"..M.4i.l..l.4ii.4..t.Ml.y4Saturday, July' 25yjt iji 1 Ji ji Ji tf 1 ji jJ JAAAiiUl h Alii 1Do not fail to attend our Great July Clearance Sale. A Salewhich all Paris, Ky., and adjoining counties recognize as thegreatest value giving event of the season and to which all therwomen of die city and adjoining counties turn out yearly, Agenuine Clearance Sale that has no competition.A clean sweep of every dollar's worth of seasonable merchandise reduced to a price that will sell eacharticle at sight. ' This invitation is here. given to everybody" to attend the greatest July" Clearance Sale in thehistory" of -Paris, Ky.SuitsWe do not want to carrythem over. We would ratherhave you carry them away.These prices will see the lastof them for us:$20.00 and $25.00 Suits, for $ 9.98$30.00 and $35.00 Suits ,for $12.50$40.00 Suits for.. $17.50One lot of White Serge Suits,slightly soiled, $25 values at $6.98Skirts75 Tailored Skirts, regular $5.00Skirts, at 1.9885 Tailored Skirts, regular $7.50and $8.00 values, at $3.9849 Tailored Skirts, $10.00 values,at $6.9827 Tailored Skirts, $15.00 vauesat $9.50Wash SkirtsOne lot of Pecay Skirts, long Tunics$1.50 value, at 98cOne lot of Rice Cloth Skirts, long- Tunics, $2.00 vajues, at $1.25300 pairs Short Silk Gloves, doubletips, every pair guaranteed, 50cquality, at 39c125 pairs long Silk Gloves, doubletips, 50c quality, at 39c180 pairs 16-button, long Silk Glovesdouble tips, regular $1.00 quality,at 69c158 pairs 16-button long Silk Glovesdouble tips, regular $1.25 qualityat 98c49 pairs 16-button, longSilk Glovesdouble tips, regular $2.00 quality,.. at $1.48NO GOODS CHARGED D URINGTHIS SALE THESE PRICES AREFOR CASH ONLY.CalicoFROM 9 A. M. TO 10 A. M. EACHDAY DURING THE SALE WE WILLSELL CALICO AT 3y2 CENTS PERYARD 10 YARDS TO A CUSTOMER. MillineryALMOST GIVEN- AWAY.$3.00 Hats for 98c$5.00 Hats for $1.98$7.50 Hats for $2.98$10.00 Hats for $3.98$12.50 and $15.00 Hats for ...'...$4,98Children's Hats andCaps$1.50 Hats, for 50c$2.00 Hats, for 75c$3.00 Hats, for $1.2525c Caps for ,. . . 19c50c Caps, for .w 38c$1.00 aps, for '..69c$1.50 Caps, for ....... 79cLinensHERE IS A CHANCE TO REPLENISH THE LINEN CLOSET IN EVERYHOME IN PARIS AND PAY VERYLITTLE FOR DOING SO IN FACT,IN EVERY INSTANCE THE SELLING PRICE HERE IS LESS THANTHE COST OF IMPORTATION.Sheets355 Seamless Sheets, regular 75cquality, at 59c225 Seamless Sheets, regular 85cquality, at 69c300 Pillow Cases, 15c quality, at.. 11c160 Pillow Cases, 25c quality, at. .19cSaleBeginsTuesday,July 14thTHIS SALEISFOR CASHONLY!- vSaturday,July 25thDresses289 Ladies' French Gingham Dresses, sold all season at 98c, during this sale, at 69c.850 Ladies' French Madras HouseDresses, sold all season at $1.50,during this sale 98cpecay and Ratine Dresses, $5.00quality, at $2.48Voile and Crepe Dresses, with longtunics, $7.50 values, at $4.50Voile and Crepe Dresses, $15.00 and$17.50 values, at $9.98THIS SALE IS POSITIVELYFOR CASH ONLY!'Children's DressesChildren's Gingham, Percale andWhite Dresses, $1.50 value, at.. 98cGingham and White Dresses, $2.00values, at $1.48White Dresses, $3.00 values, at.. $1.98White Dresses, $5.00 values, at.. $2.985c LAWNS AT 2c WHILETHEY LAST ONLY 10 YDS.TO A CUSTOMER.Waists550 Waists, VoKe and Crepe, $1.50values, at 98c250 Middy Blouses, white withblue trimming; white- with redand white, with black trimming,regular $1.50 values, at 98c450 Waists, $2.00 values, at $1.2575 Waists, $3.00 values, at $1.9869 Waists, $3.50 values, at. . . .$2.4878 Crepe and Lace Waists, $6.00arid $7.50 values, at $3.75Boys' Wash SuitsAt Half Price.$1.50 Suits, at 75c$2.00 Suits, at $1.00$2.50 Suits, at $1.2550c Rompers, at 39cGinghamsFrom 2 p. m. to 3 p. -m. each ddyduring the Sale we will sep; ApronGingham, at per yard Z-y2c(10 yards to a customer)Lace Curtains97 pairs Lace Curtains, $1.25 pual-ity, at 75C75 pairs Lace Curtains, $$1.50 quality, at 98C69 paua Lace Curtains, $2.00 quality, A $1.4880 pairs Lace Curtains, $3.00 quality, at .- $1.9850 pairs Lace Curtains, $4.00 quality, at $2.4825c quality Curtain, Net, at 17Jc35c and 40c quality Curtain, Net,at ...... 27JS.C50c quality Curtain Net, at 35c20c quality Curtain, Madras, at.. 15c25c quality, Curtain, Madras, at.. 19c35c quality Curtain, Madras, at..27l2cDress Ginghams569 yards Dress Ginghams, lOcquality, at ..: -7J4c683 yards Dress Gingham, 12J4cquality, at ...f. 10cCrepes and Voiles25c Rrepes and Voiles, at 15c50c. Crepes and Voiles, at 29cCLARK'S O. N. T., 6 SPOOLSFOR 25c DURING THIS SALETrowels369 Huck Towels, size 14x28, 7Jcquality, at 5c450 Huck Towels, size 18x36 10cquality, at 8 1-3c450 yards Crash, 12c quality,at 8 1-3cTHERE ARE OTHER BARGAINS TOO NUMEROUS TOMENTION IN THIS SPACE.COME AND BE CONVINCEDSale Begins Tuesday, Juljr 14. Sale Closes Saturday, July 25.KYvcVv-.;rr,14, J-1'!'- ,,THE BOURBON NEWS,:PAIIIS; KENTUCRY,, JULY 1.4 191410LTr-m&&HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADETobacco insuranceagainst hail. SeeRoxie Davis. 26tfGREATEST EVER.The Million Dollar Mystery at TheColumbia Theatre to-morrow.LAWNS.Ic. Lawns at 2 while they lastcnlv 10 vards to a customer.HARRY SIMON.DEMOCRATS, REGISTER!Democratic Registration DayisJuly 18. Register yourself and seethat your neighbor does likewise onthat day.SLICED OR WHOLE.Watermelons on ice at all times,T.'hole or sliced.(It) KELLER GROCERY CO.SOCIAL POSTPONED.The social that was to have beengiven on the 14th by the Elks Lodgeat their rooms on Fourth Street, hasbeen postponed until the evening ofTuesday, July 21st.GLOVES.125 pairs long Silk Gloves, doublelips, 50c quality, at 39c.180 pairs 16-button, long Silk Glovesdouble tips, regular ?1 quality, at 69c.158 pairs 16-button long Silk Gloves,double tips, regular 1.25 quality, at98c.49 pairs 16-button, long Silk Gloves,double tips, regular $2 quality at $1.48.HARRY SIMON.PEACHES FOR PRESERVING.Fine peaches for preserving, cheap.Order early.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.L. & N. TRAIN SETSFIRE TO GRASS LAND.Sparks from a passenger L. & N.engine Saturday morning started a!fire that burned over an area of fortyacres of grass on Amos Turney'sfarm. The railroad company sent atrain load of construction men to thescene to assist in beating out the 'fire.WATERMELONS ON ICE.Whole or sliced, at all times,(It) " KELLER GROCERY CO.SHERIFFS RAID "JOINT."Bob Washington's place in Claysville was the scene of a raid conducted by Sheriffs McClintock and Marshall. The officers captured severalcases of beer and a number of halfpints of whisky. On account of thelack of positive evidence Washingtonwas discharged.WAISTS.550 Waists, Voile and Crepe, $1.50values, at 98c.250 Middy Blouses, white with bluetrimming, white with red and white,with black trimming, regular $1.50values, at 9Sc.450 Waists, $2.00 values, at $1.25.75 Waists, $3.00 values, at $1.98.69 Waists, $3.50 .values, at $2.48.78 Crepe and Lace Waists, $6 and$7.50 values, at $3.75.HARRY SIMON.WONDERFUL ESCAPE.See the wonderful escape in the-balloon in the Million Dollar Mysteryat The Coulmbia Theatre to-morrow.PROMINENT BANKERS HERE.L. O. Lowrie and T. S. Lewis, prominent bankers of Pittsburg, Pa., werehere last week interviewing Parisbankers in regardto securing theirlected for on4 of the new regionalbanks to be established by the Government, They were succesf,ul i,nestablishing the co-operation of thelocal bankers. They were accompanied by W, J. Threlkeld, of the PhoenixThird National Bank, and J. W. Porter, of the First-City NationaKBank,Lexington.SUMMER NECESSITIES.We are offering real bargains thisweek on Porch Swings, Vudor Shades,Refrigerators and Hammocks. Alsospecial reductions on Wall Paper andGoCarts.THE J. T. HINTON CO.DRESSES.289 Ladies' French Gingham Dresses, sold" all season at 98c, during thissale at 69c.850 Ladies' French Madras House'Dresses, sold all season at $1.50, during this sale at 98c.:- - Pecay and Ratine Dresses, $5 quality, at $2.48.Voile and Crepe Dresses, with long.funics, $7.50 values, at $4.50.t voile ana urepe uresses, $o uuu517.50 values, at $9.98.HARRY SIMON.PARISIANS' NARROW ESCAPEC Mrs. Robt J. Neely, Miss EllaMitchell and Mrs. P. A. Shackleford,all of Paris, had narrow escape last. jbreek at Lake Chautauqua, N. Y.,Wwhen a cottage adjoining the "Keystone Cottage," - which is under Mrs.Shackleford's management, was destroyed by fire. The Ire for a timethreateded the Keystone Cottage withdestruction. During the height of thefire Mrs,. Shackleford suffered a slightstroke of heart trouble, caused byfexciteraent and overexertions inciWS&to tfcs fire. ;The guests were, allTgotten oat in safety arid "returned af-terthe ire waunaer. control.50CMLHDPERSONAlMiss Ella Walsh, of Frankfort, isa.j guest of Miss Elise Varden.Mrs. Frank Finn, of Covington, isa guest of Mrs. Rudolph Davis.Mrs. Miller Ward will leave 'today for a stay at Petoskey,.Mich.Miss Julia Fronk, of Latonia, isthe guest of Miss Edith Wright.Miss Margaret Bean is a guest ofI Miss Jennie Judy Ratliff; in Winchester.Miss Mary Kenney Webber has asguest Miss Jennie Lee Risque, of Midway. Mrs. . Ruth Maddox has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in HarrisonCounty.Miss Ollie Dennison has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in ClarkCounty. ,Miss Minnie Ball Moore, of Harrodsburg, is a guest of" Miss ElizabethBrown. 4Miss Margaret Taylor is visitingher cousin, Miss Helen Keefe, in Chicago, 111.Miss Lamiza Breckinridge, of St.Louis, Mo., is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.William Ardery.Mrs. Lutie Turner, of Ft. Myers,Fla., is the guest of her daughter,Mrs. Chas. P. Cook.Mrs. Allie Dickson, of North Midiletown, is at Crab Orchard Springsfor a ten-days' stay.-Iiss Bernadotte Brannon has returned from a visit to friends and relatives in Georgetown.Miss Annie Louise White has returned -from a visit to Miss MyraBrock, in Winchester.Mr. Don M. Derron, of Detroit,Mich., is a guest at the home of Mr.and Mrs. H. M. Collins. 'Mrs. C. H. Myers and s.on Joseph,of Cincinnati, are guests of Dr. andMrs. Frank P. Campbell.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Brown areentertaining Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Tatum, of Dyersburg, Tenn.Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Coughlin andson have returned from a visit to Mrs.C. Salender, in Winchester.Miss Grace Pepper, of Germantown, Mason County, is visitingfriends in this city and county.Mr. H. E. McCarthy and familyhave returned from a visit to Mr. andMrs. John T. McCord, in Ewing.Mrs. J. Redding, who has beenvery ill, is convalescing at the homeof her sister, Mrs. Newton Mitchell.Mr. Charles Shea, of Cincinnati,arrived Saturday for visit to hismother, Mrs. T. D. Shea, and family.Misses Bess Keller, of Covington,and Margaret McCarthy, of Lexington, are guests of Miss Edna Kellar.Miss Rebecca Lee Jones, who hasbeen a guest of Dr. and Mrs. J. A.Gilkey, has returned to her home inMt. Sterling.Misses Marianne Deveraux andMargaret Mahoney, of Lexington, areguests of Mrs. T. F. Brannon, onSouth Main Street.Misses Eunice and Sarah Vardenhave returned to their home in Lexington after a months' visit to Mr.and Mrs. Ed. Turner.Mrs. Sam Willis has returned toher home in Winchaster after a visitto her sisters, Mrs. C. A. McMillanand Mrs. Frank Clay.Misses Gladys and Edna Snappare visiting their grandparents, Rev.and Mrs. E. S. Hollar, of Blue LickSprings, Nicholas County.Mr. Preston White has returnedfrom Shelbyville, where he has beena guest of Mr. Horace Clay. Mr. Clayreturned with him for a visit.Miss Sallie Whaley is visiting thefamily of Dr. W. T. Moffett, in Blue jMound, 111. Before returning homeshe will visit friends in Decatur, 111.Miss Rebecca Gass and daughter,Mrs. Bowen Tate, of Denver, Col.,have gone to Seattle, Washington, tospend the summer with Mr. 'JohnGass.Mr. and Mrs. George Stevens, ofKansas City, Mo., have returned totheir home after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Clarence C. Wills and family, inthis city.James M. O'Brien, William Taylor, T. Hart Talbott, Lee T. Beall, J.T. Quisenberry and R. K. McCarneyheard Congressman Cantrill's speechat Winchester, Saturday. tMr. and Mrs. Rice Worthingtonand two sons, who have been guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Garret Jefferson, in,East ?a,h.av.e.,f,etuld,,to theirhome in Jacksonville, Florida.Mr. Jos. Farmer, who was seriously injured in a motorcycle accident 'in Paris some weeks ago, hasbeen discharged from the MassieMemorial Hospital and has returnedhome.Hon. H. Clay Howard, of Paris,delivered an address at the meetinngof the Kentucky Bar Associationlast week on the subject, "InformalObesrvations on Peruvian Laws andCustoms."Mrs. John A. Lyle and Mrs. Wallace Mitchell left yesterday for LakeChautauqua, New York, where -theywill join the Paris colony quarteredpleasantly with Mrs. P. A. Shackle-tai, at Keystone Cottage- a tvt r, nioQ? 1ft. co,'r nmii,r' fnr AfiKvmiUPP . iWis., to attend the annual meeting ofthe Agents' Association of the North1C11 fcJUllVlO'J iXAy. t3 a. i '' fwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co.,which will be in session in that citythis week.Mrs. Edith Alexander Bronstonleft Saturday for New York, whereshe will take a thorough course ofinstruction in the latest society dances under the famous Mr. and Mrs.Vernon Caselle. Upon her return shewill open a class here.Mrs. Sue Piper entertained informally at her home about twenty:fiveguests on July 6th, in honor of hermother, Mrs. Amanda Boston, whowas 95 years old on that day. Theguests were received from two to five,and quite delightful time was spent.Each wished her many happy returns.Refreshments were served.Mrs. E. M. Dickson left for Louisville, Friday, upon receipt of a telegram telling of the seirous illnessof his sister-in-law, Mrs. Jos. Head,wife 'of the well-known AshlandBanker, Mrs. Head underwent a serious s operation in Louisville, Thursday. Mrs.U)ickson wonUto'Louisville.Saturday upon receipt of informationfrom Mr: Dickson that Mrs. Headcontinued critically ill:"" ' 'Miss Grace Ritchie, of Nicholag-ville, is a guest of Paris friends.Mr. Fred Batterton was a gueslf atCrab Orchard Springs last week.Mrs. Earl Ferguson, of Lexington,is visiting Mrs. Clell Turney, nearthis city.Dr. C. J. Clarke, the well-knowndruggist, is critically ill at his homeon Stoner Avenue.Miss Barbera Beitz, of Cincinnati,was the guest Sunday of her sister,Miss Susanna Beitz.Master Pete Forman, of Lexington, is spending the summer with Mr.and Mrs. Leer Stout. 'Mr. Edward Fithian is visitinghis uncle, Mr. John T. McClitock, inHuntington, W. Va.Mr. G. B. (Count) Higgins, of Lexington, was a guest of friends in thiscity and county Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. Tatum, from Tennessee, are the .guests of Mr. and Mrs.J. W. Brown, on Mt. Airy.Miss Alice Hughes has returnedto her home in Nicholasville, after avisit to her aunt, Mrs. Julia Nichols.Mr. Gideon Tucker has returnedto Cincinnati after a visit with hisgrandmother, Mrs. Eliza Tucker, inthis city.Y Douglas Clay and John Price aremembers of a house party that is having a most enjoyable outing on theKentucky .River., .Miss Lucy Hunter, who has beena guest of Miss, Mabel Templin, inthis city, returned yesterday to herhome in Winchester.Mr. M. Toolin, one of the oldestand best known citizens of Paris, iscritically ill at his 'home, on WalkerAvenua, in this city.The younger set of societyyoung women will give a dance at theMasonic Temple (Elks' Hall) on theevening of Wednesday, July 22.Dancing from 9 to 3:30..Lucien Arnsparger, Harry Horton,Douglas Clay and Ireland Davis attended a dance given by the Girls'Dancing Club at the Capitol Hotel, inFrankfort, Wednesday evening.Miss Violette Baker, who hasbeen the pleasant guest of Miss Jennie and Elizabeth Bramel, at Escondida, and relatives at Cynthiana, hasreturned to her home at Kitchel,Indiana.Mr. Thos. Horine, of Centerville,was taken to St. Joseph's Hospital inLexington, Sunday night by Dr. C. G.Daugherty, and was operated on byDr. Barrow 'for appendicitis. He is ina critical condition.Mrs. Paul Snyder and children,arrived yesterday from Louisville, tojoin her husband, Mr. Paul Snyder,the expert accountant who is conducting the examination of the Alexander Bank affairs in this city.Beginning next Saturday, Mrs. J.J. Dickey will give a series of musicallessons at the Monterey SundaySchool. There will be no financialconsideration involved, it being herdesire to improve the musical tfart ofthe school.Mr. Dan Turney Clay entertainedwith a dance at the home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. Frank Clay, Friday evening. Those from this citywho attended were: John Clay, Horace Miller Clay, George Ardery,. Forrest Letton, Vail Baldwin, StuartWallingford, James McClintock, Thos.McClintock, Stanley Dickson, John W.Young, Stanley Young, GrahamYoung, William Collins, Duke Brown,Joe Davis, Edwin Thomas, I. D.Thompson, Jr.,Preston White, Ed. McShane, Carey Clay; Misses MaryKenney Webber, Annie Louise White,Martha- Talbott, Marie Collins, Mildred Collins, Vanita Baldwin, Eliza-b?th Erdnian, Julia Lee Risque, Virinia Dundon, Sarah Bedford, MaryA. Talbott, Mabel Petree, Edith Shive,Margaret Shive, Katherine Wilson,Frances Champe, Minnie Ball Moore,Elizabeth Brown, Eleanor Clay, Harriet Rogers, Julia Bronston, EliseVarden, Ella Wash, Mary M. Clay,Frances Clay, and Messrs RussellClayton, Dan Peed, Jr., eand GeorgLewis Payne.THREAD.Clark's O. N. T., 6 spools for 25cduring this sale.HARRY SIMON.FRESH POTATO CHIPS.We have nice potato chips at 35cper pound.14-lt C. P. COOK & CO.PARIS SHOULD HAVE ANELECTRICAL "WHITE WAY."Believing that Paris should be inline with 'other Central Kentuckycities in the way of advertising itsadvantages, Mr. W. B. Tinsley, of theParis Gas & Electric Co., is endeavoring to interest the merchants of Parisin the establishment of a "WhiteWay," similar to or better than thatwhich is advertising Winchester sowell. Mr. Tinsley is calling on themerchants this week to get theirviews on the matter, and it is earnestly hoped that they will respondgenerously to his proposition. Itshould be a matter of civic pride withour business men to have thisscllAme established, as it will mean agreat deal to the business interests ofthe city. Give Mr. Tinsley a respectful hearing when he calls with hisproposition, and then get busy on"The Great White Way."DRESS GINGHAMS.569yards Dress Ginghams, 10c quality, at 7 Vs.683 yar.ds Dress Gingham, 12cquality, at 10c..HARRY SIMON,MR. CATESBY WOODFORD FIGURES IN NEW YORK NEWS.The New York Telegram says:"Catesby Woodford, the well-knownbreeder of Paris, Ky., was at the racesyesterday. He was accompanied byS. S. Yantis, a Lexington lawyer, andRobert Metcalfe, a Kentuckian, butnow of New 'York. Mr. Woodfordsays he does not propose to hold anyyearling colt sale this season. He hasonjy three colts, by Nasturtium ,andwishes to sell these privately. .Thereare very, few yearlings now at Runny mede,' said Mr. Woodford. 'PerhapslUis. asiwell thereare Sojtewj fopftliegrass 'is all burned "up." r ,T "'-' -wFIRST CONVICTION UNDERNEW PISTOL TOTING LAW.Police Judge E. B. January soundedan emphatic warning to violators ofthe concealed weapon law, yesterdaymorning, when in his court he gaveRobt. Jennings, a negro, a sentence of10 days in jail, $50 and costs and disfranchisement for two years. Hewas arrested by Patrolman King on aconcealed weapon charge. This wasthe first conviction of a "pistol toter"under the act passed by the recentsession of the' Legislature in whichsevere punishment was provided torthe violators of the law. Under thislaw a second conviction on the samecharge will mean disfranchisement offrom one to five years. Judge January says he will in the future giveevery offender of this law brought before him the same dose.COOK WITH GAS.And save money, time and labor.The average gas bill for the month ofJune was 70 cents per customer. Wehandle the celebrated Garland GasRange. See us to-day for kitchencomfort. Either phone 221.- PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.CREPES AND VOILES.25c Crepes and Voiles, at 15c.50c Crepes and Voiles, at 29c. -' HARRY SIMON.WINCHESTER MENS' 3ICLECLASS VISITS PARIS.Two hundred and sixty-one members of the Mens' Bible Class of theWinchester Christian Churoh visitedthe Mens' Class of the Paris ChirstianChurch Sunday morning. The Winchester class is said to be largest inthe State. The exercises were openedwith thereading of a Scripture lessonby President P. J. McCord, of theParis class, followed by prayer by Mr.David Prewitt, of Winchester. Prof.T. A. Hendricks, of Paris, and Mr.Dwight Pendleton, of Winchester,taught the first part of the lesson.Mr. R. C. Prewitt, of Winchesterschdbl, made an address on "How ToForm and Carry On An OrganizedMens' Class." The members of theWomen's Class of the Paris Churchwere also present as guests. TheWinchester class returned after theexercises in automobiles to Winchester. SKIRTS.75 Tailored Skirts, regular $5.00Skirts, at $1.98.85 Tailored Skirts, regular $7.50and $8 values, at $3.98.49 Tailored Skirts, $10 values, at$6.98.27 Tailored Skirts, $15 values, at$9.50.HARRY SIMON.BIG MELON SHIPMENTS.During the past few days large shipments of Southern watermelons andcanteloupes, destined for the Cincinnati and Northern markets, havepassed through Paris over the Louisville & Nashville railroad, in consignments averaging twelve cars daily.One shipment comprised 22 cars ofpeaches, 16 cars, of watermelons and6 cars of muskmelons and canteloupes, making up one of the largestshipments through this section of theL. & N. territory."DELEGATES SELECTED.Delegates to the meeting of theGrand Lodge of Knights of Pythias,to be held in Frankfort, were selectedat a recent meeting of RathboneLodge, K. of P., of Paris, as follows:Thos. C. McDonald, Roy Turner, P. J.McCord, L. Wollstein, B. R. Dickersonand Ira Bowen.KODAKS$5.0OAND UP.KODAKoffers the pleasures ofpicture taking indoors orout.Come in and we willshow you how easy it isto Kodak.We have a large line, ofKodaks and BrownieCameras.DaughertyBros(' Hi iKi- Bla I l!4ffiBRf?SlflOSfr e?'A -smouldering fire which, "had bees.left Dy a band of gypsies on the road-side nea r the home of ClarenceWright, on the L'exington pike, nearthis city, Sunday morning started ablaze which soon spread to Mr.Wright's wheat field. Fifty shocks ofstanding wheat and some fencing werconsumed. The female members ofthe gypsy band rendered efficient aidin preventing further spread of theflames, while the men smoked theirpipes and looked complacently 'on.CALICO.From 9 a. m. to 10 a. m. each dayduring the Sale we will sell Calico at3 cents per yard 10 yards to acustomer.HARRY SIMON.HANDSOME GIFT.As a testamonial of esteem for thefaithful and painstaking service herendered in training the choir of .theParis Epworth . League and directingthe music during the recent meetingof the Epworth League in this city,the Epworth League of the "ParisMethodist Church has presented Prof.A. H. Morehead with a handsomesilver Icy-Hot Thermos bottle, suitably inscribed with the League's compliments. GETS INCREASED PENSION.Under the provisions of the Omnibus Invalid Pension Bill recentlyagreed to by the Senate and House,Mrs. J. V. Lytle, of Maysville, motherof Mr. O. G. Lytle, of Pafis, gets anincrease in pension of $20 per mnoth.HAVE TO COME EARLY!Go early to The Columbia Theatreto-morrow and see the Million DollarMystery.DEMOCRATS, REGISTER!Democratic Registration Day isJuly 18. Register yourself and seethat your neighbor does likewise onthat day.LOST.Palm Beach Coat, between Lexington and Paris. Return to Newsoffice. Reward. 3tBid Wanted.Sealed bids for resurfacing MainStreet with bitulithic paving, or woodblock, according to specifications asset forth in the ordinance passed bythe City Council, June 25, 1914, andpublished in the Bourbon News June26 and July 3, will be received by theMayor until 8 o'clock p. m., Thursday,July 16.Right reserved to reject any or allbids.J. T. HINTON,(10july2t) . Mayor.ixasMHcrcsrarv ,I'FIRE" DESTROY WHEAT.W. Ed Tucker's !BIGSumme&I uBegins Monday, July 6th,Ends Saturday, July 18th.vTwo Weeks of Bargain Giving Don't Miss It.mW. Ed Tucker.iParis' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.VW"II HOT WEATHER SPECIALSix Iced Tea Glasses,: Six Iced Tea Spoonsand Six Coasters - . -Alvlv.$4.50G: O: HINTONFOR RENT.House of 4 rooms and kiiefee.Massie Avenue. . Apply toJ. BENNETT TJLPR,I J Oi. fc T- 1-1 TL-- ""U-oLI J301U .rjlOMK WV. vlFOR SALE.One Gas Range used only fwomonths; also one Gas Heater, be&used one season, in good condition.Will sell cheap, on account of learingcity.(It), THE LAMBERT CO.- -To The Public..AIL .water, used, for drinking purpo--es,either hydrant, cistern, well orspring water, should be boiled before using.A. H. KELLER,10-4t . Health Officer.Public SaleOF-Stock, Implementsand Household and KitchenFurniture.As Administrator of the estate ofthe late Mrs. Mary G. McLeod, I willsell at public auction on the premises,near stop 42 Interurban Railroad, be-(tween Paris and Lexington, beginningat the hour of ten o'clock a. m., onTHURSDAY, JULY 16 1914.the following:5 Yearling Heifers.5 Steer Calves. ' '2 Heifer Calves. -'-1 Black Cow and Suckling'catf.1 Yearling Steer.1 Red Cow.1 Brindle Cow with Calf.1 Extra Jersey Cow.1 Yearling Mare Mule.2o Ewes.1 Southdown Buck.1 Berkshire Sow.4 Shoats..1 Poland China Sow. jf3 Large Shotes, about ISOdbs.1 Deering Mower.1 Cutting Harrow.2V J.1 Buggy Harness.1 2-Horse Wagon. "1 Set Work Gear.A lot of Meat and Lard.A lot of Chickens and Turkeys.Some Household and Kitchen Furniture. Other articles not enumerated here.TERMS Made known, on day ofqnpJOHN McLEOD.(Administrator of Mrs. Mary G. McLeod.) George D. Speaks, Auctioneer.10-2t'tSSfrFOR1&i"leaiaucesale5'Kv'1& - ' ' - -.- j,v&.&- ".7Ir.ITTHE. BOURBON NEWS PJUOS, KY JULY 1,4 1914cILti918'iiiftf41AENtsssfs$5AGRICULTURAL EXTENSION.TheECm Trees About KentuckyDanger From trie ImportedLeaf Beetle.laMETAL SHINGLESAre Stormproof'They interlock and overlap'in such a way that the hardest driving rain or sifting snow cannot possibly get under them.Besides this they last indefinitely, and never need repairs.Another point They're very reasonable in first cost. You canlearn all about them fromBEST & HAWKINS, Mlllersbprg, Kentucky.CANADA.IF-&5&3The land of lakes and cool breezes.An ideal place to spend your vacation.Let one of our passenger representatives help you plan your trip. Noobligation whatever and you will beassured of excellent transportationfacilities and courteous treatment.. -v(COMBINATIONRAIL, LAKE and OCEAN TRIPSWITH OPPORTUNITY OF VISITINGDetroit - Niagara Falls - Toronto - Montreal - QuebecNew York - Boston and many interesting placesLOW PARES LONO LIMITS LIBERAL STOP-OVERSCall on your local agent or addressP. C. BENEDICT, D. P. A. or F. P. WADE, T. P. A.Fifth and WalsutSts., Cincinnati, O.Illustrated Tour Books on applicationHffifflJHHBffiillElilIfliliilllllllllSMlCrllOBilI liiiiiilIllliiiiiiiiliffilHIiiiiiiliiiii IAH I.X.X44Nii:44i4'4'M4444444HH44;T. A. HENDRICKSRepresentingThe Higgin Manufacturing Co.264 Rand AvenuelH&MgtlMlltjtllJH'2tV5X'M'l'"S,lB"45j.'4Window and Door EquipmentsOur Business.All Metal Window Screens, AH Metal Weather Strips,Window Ventilators.Walger Awnings, the Best in the World.Automatic Door Checks everything in window anddoor perfection. Estimates furnished on large or smallcontracts. LET US FIGURE WITH YOU. Drop us a postalor call over the phone and we will send a representative tosde you.Hundreds in Bourbon County to Jef er you to as to thesatisfaction we have given our customers in Paris andvicinity.T. A. HENDRICKS,Telephone 2585LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYGreatBargainSaleNowGoing On!' Greater Bargains than youhave ever before heard of inInquiries are frequently coming tothe Experiment Station with reference to the injuries of the elm leafbeetle on shade trees about Lexington and elsewhere in the State. Theinsect doing the mischief is a European species, imported a good manyyears ago to he eastern UnitedStates, and appearing in Kentuckyabout 1898, when it was noted as especially destructive at Bardstown, inNelson County. It attacks by preference the European elm, but when hungry and European elm trees are notavailable sometimes spreads to theAmerican elms and nay then do thema good deal of mischief.The adult of the insect is a smallobscurely striped beetle belonging tothe same family of insects as the common striped cucumber beetle. Itpasses the winter about buildings, hidiug away in the fall in crevices nextfoundations, sometimes comingthrough doors and windows and hiding in dwellings. As soon as theleaves of the elm are developed thefollowing spring, thwse beetles resortto the leaves, placfe. their eggs thereand then die. The young soon appearon the leaves, which they begin tofeed upon, and if abundant will renderthe tree unsightly if they did not actually destroy all of the leafage beforethey become grown. They are mostfrequently noticed when they havecompleted their growth as worms orlarvae and come down the trunk toundergo their changes on the groundbeneath the trees.They are at our mercy when theycome to the ground in this fashion,and large numbers of them may be destroyed with scalding hot water orwith coal oil. Traps are sometimesmade of sticky fly paper so as to collect quantities of them and rendertheir destruction more easy. If theseinsects at the foot of the tree are allowed to complete their changes theybecome beetles in short time and goback to produce another brood ofworms. This continues throughoutthe summer, several broods being developed before fall.It will be seen from this accountthat the insect is capable of destroying all of the leaves of a tree, andif this is permitted during the wholeof one season, trees are very greatlyweakened and begin to show signs ofdecline. They are sometimes killedoutright by the insects when nothingis done to prevent.While a good deal can be done bythe treatmerit suggested, namely,I destroying the insect when it comesdown, the trunk from the leaves, themost effective treatment is sprayingthe leaves js soon as the beetles begin to appear in the spring, with arsenate of lead, using three pounds ofarsenate of lead paste in fifty gallonsor about a barrel of water. A singlespraying at this time will in ordinarycases serve to keep the trees fromsevere injury for the rest of the summer. This preparation must be applied by means of a force pump andspray nozzle. Pumps of sufficientstrength and capacity to spray large! elm treas may be bought from abouttwenty to thirty .dollars. The hosenecessary must be strong and of suchlength (fifty feet at least) that theone using the nozzle can climb up intothe trees and to reach the topmostbranches. Outfits of the sort neededfor such spraying can be bought ofthe Deming Co., Salem, O.; or of theGoulds Manufacturing Co., SenecaFalls, N. Y.; or of a number of othersimilar manufacturing establishments. Any one with good musclescan operate these pumps. A barrel ortwo of the mixture ought to spray almost any of our elm trees. A singletree is worth several times the costof a spraying outfit: The cost oftreatment after this purchase is madeis but slight.Arsenate of lead may be bought ofthe Grasselli Chemical Company, ofCincinnati, O. Local druggists oftenkeep it, or can order it.In conclusion it may be suggestedthat some one in each community inthe State can make for himself a useful occupation by getting a goodspraying outfit and treating the shadeand fruit trees of his neighbors.Owners of a few trees, and oftenowners of an orchard, will gladly payfor the' services of some one equippedand competent to do this work forthem. H. GARMAN,Head of Department of Entomologyand Botany, Kentucky ExperimentStation.FOR REJNT.,Furnished 'front rooms with board.Apply toMRS. WALLINGFORD.(7-3t) Cor. Pleasant & Duncan Ave.FOR SALE.One 3-horse-power gas or gasolineengine. Will sell cheap. Apply toHENRY GROSCHE.LOOK! LOOK!For Percy Hahn, the carriage andautomobile painter, on the corner ofFourth and High streets. Best materials only used. Both phones. 31mOver Dickerson's Garage, Cor. Highand Fourth Sts. Both phones 539. -Black , IZft vT? KTan' B A mYWhite lv MKttr Bfor the WfMlnimShoe IZlJjtJm hJWL.fo newpatent""Easy 'OpeningBox"10cEasiestt o useH. M. HAMILTONVETERINARIANOffice, Butler's Drug StorePhones 261. Residence phones:Cumberland 246, Home 449.PARIS, KY.'County Live Stock Inspector.Auto Bus Line!NOW IN OPERATION.MEETS ALL TRAINS AND WILANSWER CALLS AT ALL TIMES,'PHONES, 864.25 CENTS TO ANY PART OF THECITY.J. S. GINN,Licensed Chauffeur.1 Thomas & Woodford IxBaekache)Ullll "1SS Myrtle Cothrum, II 11I II I of Russellville, Ala., says: I II IK I URai" nolfluo vflOf f Cflf- I KKpH A Jl IIMUl U JW.U, m WM. A4rmfered with terrible backache, pains in my limbs,and my head ached nearlyall the time. Our familydoctor treated me, butonly gave me temporaryrelief. I was certainly inbad health. My schoolteacher advised me toTAKECarduiThe Woman's TonicI took two bottles, in all,and was cured. I shallalways praise Cardui tosick and suffering women." If you suffer frompains peculiar to weakwomen, such as headache, backache, or othersymptoms of womanlytrouble, or if you merelyneed a tonic for that tired,nervous, worn-out feeling, try Cardui. e-65nTTraixmraI.IJL1.13I Ikli -i r-j i -g -i -kjFire, Wind,Lightning Insurance!Protect Your GrowingTobacco AgainstHAILOnly First-Class CompaniesRepresented:::i:J---ILALL VOLCANOES ACTIVEALONG ALASKANLow Rpund Trip, Faresfrom Paris toNle York and iDostonvia LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE R. R.30 day limit Tourist Fares toNew York $28.00' Boston $31.2060 day limit Variable Route Fares toNew York $3 1 .95 Boston $33.40REDUCED ROUND TRIP FARES TO MNY OTHER CITIES AND RESORTSSuperior 5erce to e East an sJort"-For particulars, rates, folders, descriptive literature and sleeper reservations, addressW. H. HARRIS, Ticket AgentEmH31f One application soothes and heals a rough j "j - - V-v V JM pimply:kin,and,whenrepeated,quicK.lj effects 1 : f ev v rm a cure. Eczema, Erj sipelas, Tetter, Ulcers and 1 L- fy J "g5. r-v, i, S -all skin diseases leld to its curative properties. 1 "" f- r- rTwsrS-fdk c I 150c. a box. At all Druggists. I r .y N J xzsJpeiOdJyklfv ft U "jV Send for free sample and 1ook Health and Beaut " J L frP,g 3-5iSnfei-ijj4flTj "yk johnston, holloway & co., M . jr jfL?M jgg-ar111"- aJr-lis; iZi - -rrr "ia .jujiiii.6i-s"-.. ...,. " MP ,1-1 j yams I . "T" i e.i- t" E-JT - -?WTW'" f7T : mmmmm99i-7-4 fi iiliiHiii i i mm mm i ii mii iJfan r- ffirs-frwT-3 i-mr3 n i1 " mSim ; mii" IIrCOAST.Paris.KINDLY CALL I ATTM) Bios. Department storeSeventh and Main Sts., Paris, KyAll the volcanoes along the AlaskaPeninsula west of Seward to theAleutian Islands are in action, according to a report brought by Capt.McMullen, of the steamship pirigo,which arrived from Dutch Harbor.Capt. McMullen said Mount Katmai,the great volcano j on the mainlandacross Shelikof Strait from KodiakIsland, is throwing out great volumesof sulphur-laden smoke. The sea, hesaid, was discolored by sulphur dustand pumice for a distance of 100miles.Mount Shishaldin and Mount Paylof, the most active volcanoes in theAleutian Islands, were smoking whenthe Dirigo passed them.Capt. McMullen reported that thenatives living along the Alaska Peninsula said the great clouds of volcanicdust hurled into the air last month,were caused by volcanic eruptionsand not by old deposits of volcanicash stirred up by a terrific windstorm,as previously reported by passingships. .BEST DIARRHOEA REMEDY.If you have ever used Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedyyou know that it is a success. SamF. Guin, Whatley, Ala., writes, "I hadmeasles and got caught out in the rainand it settled in my stomach and bowels. I had an awful time, and had itnot been for Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy Icould not possibly have lived but afew hours longer, but thanks to thisremedy, I am now well and strong"' For sale by all dealers. .(adv-uly)v , . .- THE EXPRESS IS IN THIS TOWNtAND IN TO STA YTORrseventy-five years three-quar-ters of a century the express hasbeen the right-hand of the shippers ofcommercial America. The express cameto Paris in 1854, an$ it came to stay.For 50 years it has been the right-handof commercial Paris.It is here to stay. The other daywhen reports went out that the expresscompanies might retire from business, aprotest went up. From whom this pro-test the express companies? No! Themerchants of the country shipperseverywhere petitioned Congress thatno action might be taken that mighthave the effect of forcing the expresscompanies to retire. Commercial organizations all over the land have joinedin this appeal to Washington.For seventy-five years in the pastand for a good many years in the future Express Service 'will meanPERSONAL SERVICE-FULL RESPONSIBILITY jAdams Express Company IJOHN DEAN, Agent.? jCumberland Phone 425 Office L. & N. Passeneer Depot'4-?a?Aa v- -- Awsjjftri-r-icirJ"'rjWt, .Jf- -,... f.Vc .-H5as'Tl.ljMiJa88g5?Vrverybodijit answers every beverage requirement virn, vigor, refreshment,wholesomeness.It will satisfy you.THE COCA-COLA COMPANYfc ATLANTA, GA.B'Demand the genuine by full nameNicknames encourage substitution."Wheneveryou see anArrow thinkof Coca-Cola.3-FGROCERIES!STAPLE C& FANCYALSOAH the Vegetables 1Of the SeasonsiOUR LINE OFCanned Goodsf Cannot Be ExcelledN. A. MOORE.Sauer's Old StandA REVELATION.SANI-GENIC t SHjmwPOLISH NOP ' HYGIENIC.SLL? ADJUSTING yHAKOLE' ySSEE THAT k , s&y ..''Price,ITS A CRACKCR-JACKlSmaller Size;$1.00.Urieeda BiscuitTempt the appetite,please the taste and.nourish the body.Crisp, clean and fresh5 cents in the moistuf eproof package.Baronet BiscuitRound, thin, tenderwith a delightful flavorappropriate forluncheon, tea anddinner. 10 cents.ZuZuPrince of appetizers .Makes daily trips fromGinger-Snap Land towaiting mouths everywhere. Say Zu Zu tothe grocer man, 5 cents.Buy biscuit baked byNATIONALBISCUITCOMPANYAlways look r-r that name-rJRULES FOR EXA'MlNATiONOF RURAL TEACHERS.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.The State Board of Education, Wednesday adopted rules governing thegranting of certificates to teachers inthe rural schools of Kentucky as provided by the act of the Legislature of1914. The rules governing the granting of certificates to graduates ofhigher institutions of learning withinand without the State to teach in thehigh schools provide that the applicant must be a graduate of standardcollege br university requiring a fouryears school course for entrance-. Thestandard curriculum must be maintained in such college or university ifthe graduate is admitted without examination to teach on the diploma.The rules regarding the life certificateprovide: fFirst. All applicants must have hadat least twenty years' successful experience in public schools of greatervalue than a first class county ceritficate. Second. No certificate will begranted except to applicants who havebeen actively engaged in teaching inKentucky for the past five years.Third. All applicants under thisact must be in writing and on blankssupplied for that purpose.Fourth. The age of the applicantmust be given with the application.Fifth. Persons who have held theoffice of county superintendent willbe accepted as having taught for thatperiod.Sixth. All applicants will be required to give the State,, county, townand place where schools have beentaught and the date when each schoolwas taught.Seventh. A record of the date ofeach certificate held must be given.and the name of the parties granting it.Eighth. All applicants must giveamount of special and professionalvork done, the names of colleges andnormal schools attended, the degreesreceived and name of schools granting the degree, the names of anddates when professional books wereread and any other information whichwill show progress and growth on thepart of the applicant.Ninth. Records of certificates received, of schools taught, college ornormal school work done, should beproperly certified by county superintendents and others where such records are kept.STOPS NEURLGIA KILLS PAIN.WolfWile S Co,Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Kentucky fThe $5.00 and $10 00 jlSuit Sale ContinuesSloan's Linament gives instant relief from Neuralgia or Sciatica. Itgoes straight to the painful partSoothes the Nerves and stops thePain. It is also good for Rheumatism, Sore Throat, Chest Pains andStrains. You don't need to rub, it pen- jetrates. Mr. J. R. Swinger, Louisville, Ky., writes: "I suffered withquite a severe Neuralgic Headachefor four months without relief. I used Sloan's Liniment for two or threenights and I haven't suffered with myhead since." Get a bottle to-day.Keep in the house all the time forpains and all hurts. 25c, 50c, and $1,at your Druggist.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for all sores,(adv-july)BUILDING NEW LINES.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)A woman's idea of. a Great Tragedyis for another woman to lose hervoice.There is no chance for a 2-weeks'-oldbaby to be as Innocent as a youngwidow pretends to be.There are dangerous microbes inkisses. But a man never realizes thefact until after he has been marriedabout six months.People who are always praying expect the Lord to be a whole lot moreliberal than they would be if they hadthe power to answer the prayers ofothers.Once in a while you will see a cornfed girl on the street who gives yuothe idea that she made a mistake thatmorning and put on her little sister'sskirt.The High Cost of Living has shutoff the supply of news items aboutmen who were leading Double Livesand running two flats on one salary.It has gotten so that a fellow is mighty lucky to be able to support his OwnWife.What's the use of trying to be truthful? About the time you make upyour mind to quit lying some girl willask you to guess how old she is.What has become of the old-fashioned preacher .who hadn't any creases in his trousers and who got downon his knees when he prayed?It is a mighty dull day that doesn'tbring a married woman its "scolding"opportunity.The old L. & N. line between Winchester and Paris which was abandoned in order to rebuild the road, is nowbeing torn up. The rails and switches,it is said will be used in the construction of more than 50 miles ofbranch lines between Winchester andMcRoberts for the "benefit of mineand timber owners who wish to shiptheir products. There is still anabundance of timber in some of themountain counties and the variousrailroad extensions that are bejingmade will put much of it on the markets. The L. & N. is doing some really valuable development work inEastern Kentucky and as a consequence a lot of new towns are gettingon the maaURED OF INDIGESTION.Mrs. Sadie P. Clawson, Indiana, Pa.,was bothered with indigestion. "Mystdmach pained me night and day,"she writes. "I would feel bloated andhave headache and belching aftereating. I also suffered from constipation. My daughter had used Chambelain's Tablets and they did her somuch good that she gave me a fewdoses of them and insisted upon mytrying them. They helped me as nothing else has done." For sale by alldealers,(adv-july)IMPORTANCE OFHEALTHYKIDNEYS.Paris Readers Should Learn to Keepthe Kidneys Well-Makes it easy to clean and polish your floors, woodwork and furnitureHeart shaped, having a pointed nose to get at the dirt in the corners. With itsself-adjusting handle (another exclusive Semi-Genie feature) it is easy to reachthose hard-to-get-at-places, such as under radiators, beds, or over doors andmouldings.C. A. DAUGHERTY.A MISTAKEN IDEAThere' are some people who still resortto drugged pills or alcoholic syrups toovercome colds, nervousness or generaldebility, and who know that the pure,unadulterated nourishment in Scott sEmulsion is eminently better, but refrainfrom taking- it because they fear it maylead to excessive fat or obesity.This is a mistaken idea, because Scott sEmulsion first strengthens the body beforemakine flesh. Its blood-forming properties aid nature to throw off sickness bybuilding health from its very source, andflesh is formed only by its nUnuedttse.A-roid alcoholic bttitute ix SCOn &.(r 7AU17PHk sOf BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesfapes, A few drops in therlnking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample, and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.The kidneys have a big work to do.All the blood in the body is coursingthrough the kidneys constantly 'to befreed of poisonous matter. It is aheavyfcenough task when the kidneysare well, but a cold, choll, fever orsome thoughtless exposure is likely toirritate, inflame and congest the kidneys and interrupt the purifyingwork.Then the aching frequently beginsand is often accompanied by some irregularity of the urine too frequentpassages, sediment or retention.Thousands testify to the wonderfulmerit of Doan's Kidney Pills, a remedy for the kidneys only, that hasbeen used in kidney troubles 50 years.You will make no mistake in following this Paris citizen's advice.Mrs. Ida Huffman,, 115 Main St.,Paris, Ky., says: "We think Doan'sKidney Pills are just fine. We willingly confirm the statement we gavesome time ago rerommending them?I sugered from pains across the smallof my back. Seeing Doan's KidneyPills advertised, t got a supply at Wilson's Drug Store and gave them atrial. - "I was very much pleased withthe results."j Price 50c at all dealers. Don't simply ask for a kidney remedy getj Doan's Pills th& same that Mrs.Huffman had. Foster-Milburn - Co.,ProDS..Ruffalo.-Ns Y. ..rCHEEK, APPOINTEDASSISTANTPRINCIPAL.Mr. Francis V. Cheek, son of Rev.Dr. F. J. Cheek, of Danville, has beenappointed to the positipn of assitantprincipal of the Center College Academy, at Danville, and will accept theposition, assuming charge of his newduties at the fall term.Mr. Cheek is a native of Paris, hisfather, Rev. Dr. Cheek, being the pastor of the First Presbyterian Churchhere for a' number of years. YoungMr. Cheek is a graduate of Center College, at Danville, and is a capable anddeserving gentleman. At present heholds a responsible position with theStewart Dry Goods Company, in Louisville.ELECTED REPRESENTATIVE.Mr. C. M. Perkins, of Winchester,was elected Representative fromBourbon Council Junior Order UnitedAmerican Mechanics at their lastmeeting held at Paris, Ky. The StateMeeting will be held at Williamsburgthe first week in September. Therewill be about three hundred delegatesin attendance'representing about 2,000members in the State. Mr. Perkins isconnected with the Belle Meade Dairyat Winchester.aUKLEN'S ARNICA SALVE FORCUTS, BURNS, SORES.rvMr. E. S. Loper, Marilla, N. Y.,writes: "I have never had a Cut,Burn, Wound or Sore it would notheal." Get a box, of- Bucklen's ArnicaSalve to-day. Keep handy at all timesfor Burns, Sores, Cuts, Wounds. JPre-1 vents Lockjaw. 25c, at your Druggist.(aav-july) 'iValues Up To $38.50Having closed out practically all of the lotsplaced on sale Monday, we have now added41 additional Suits to the $5.00 and $ 1 0.00Sale. These garments have been hung onracks and are now'ready for your choosing.Fabrics include Fine Serge, Gabardines,Wool Poplins, Wool Crepes, Moires, Taffe&s and Silk Poplins in black, navy andthe various sdnng shadesChoice of the balance of our stock, including any Spring Suit in the house.IAt $15.00 !t Garments That Sold Up To $65.00: zSuits For Vacation WearSpring and Summer Coats that sold For$7.50 and $12.50, choice at$5.00 lttWolf,Wile6cCo.J JfiormerljTCaufmanj Straus Sc Co. Xs:ii2Lgrt;oln., IKLy-f "Dnn't, WnrvvYourself During theIHot Weather!But Come in and We Will Suggesta Quick and Easy Meal for You.Sliced Ham,Minced Ham,Dried Beef,Bologna,Imported Swiss Cheese," Brick Cheese," Pimento Cheese,Snappy Cheese,IV l N. Y. Cream CheeseCanned Meats of AH Kinds.Stone's famous Silver Slice Cakes.n.T. C. LEINIHAN.1 Cash Grocery. . IBoth Phones 234 ' JHJ, NEELYWAREHOUSEStables and Coal YardFor Rent!For over 30 years this has been asuccessful business stand in the FarmImplement, Seeds and Coal Business.I Possession on or about July 1.4Eii, W. W.MJTCHELL, Agt.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics IsA soluble Antiseptic Pwder fobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, Inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine illsithasnoeqwrt.For ten years the lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correepondeacf iritkwomen, which proves it& superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in goWk" Atdruggists. 50c. largexjpx, or byTh-Piuttoft Toilet Coi:: IIt II, Ii 1i1if'3,iv. rtI '.. pr". .-THE BOURBON. NEWS,, PARIS, KY.,-JULY, 1 1914;- "uJi "&BIG' ' - - - - i ; ; : i :FP IL 'H 1 m Kr 'mSUMMER CLEARANCE SALEIS NOW GOING ONiThere Have Been Sales, But Never One Like This!tvv25 This Season's SuitsSizes 16 to 40, ail colors, sold formerly at &0.00 and$35.00, now each $5.00For Cash Only.Moire and Poplin SuitsRegular $25.00 values, now, each 7.95This Season's CoatsRuffle and pleain effects, worth regularly up 200,now each $5.0010 Silk DressesNewest styles, Taffetas, just one-half regulor price.Separate SkirtsAll reduced in price.Extra SpecialsThe following desirable SummerFabrics at cost and in many casesone - third to one - half of regularwholesale cost:Foulard Silks, regular 90c grade, sale price, yd 49c50c grade, per yard. 35c10.00 Brocade Crepe Dress Patterns $5.00$15.00 Brocade CrepeDress Patterns $7.7550c Wool Shallie, all new patterns 39c$1.25 Ratine Linens 79c75c Ratines and Linens 38c50c Ratines and Linens ,....: 29c25c Fancy Crepes 1 5c15c Fancy Crepes 1 Oc$1.00Buys One of Our Special Gingham or LawnDresses.If you've never had one of these chesses you shouldcome in and try one for comfort, fit and style. Theycan't be beat.Special Summer Prices on Wool and CottonBlankets, Bed Spreads and Curtains.Muslin UnderwearMade in every desirable summer style out of the sheerestmaterial and daintiest trimmings all go in this sale.Every Summer Dress That Sold Formerly at$3.00 to $6.00 Each, Now $1.95 Each.Choice of Trimmed Hats at Just One-Half ofRegular Marked Price.1Weassure you that this sale will be theworthBanner Summer Sale and wellyour attending.FRANK & CO.i .M' - -INOLDESTTHE BUSINESS.re-ma-Lawn mowers sharpened andrcaired. Oldest antomobile and.chine repair shop in the city.SM'L KERSLAKE & SON,East cor. Third and Pleasant Sts.15m-2mo)It would be a fine thing if more people would get the Bill Bryan habitand do all their talking on the Chautauqua Circuit. There is no law compelling you to attend a Chautauqua.' None of us are perfect. But thatdoesn't keep a man who wears atoupee under his hat from laughingat the fish hook curls the girls arewearing.PORCH SHADESIf you fife" not married to her 5 woman doesn't care wnetner you are ly-ing or not as long as you tell hei thething? hg yanta to near, .a,,,.,. We sell the beautiful and service-1"" J , .v! xt Trrr.. -o i, u a mu I Boost a mfiE and liS will forget It In!able "No Whip" Porch Shades. They io"minutes," Knock; him and he "WillHEWSorMLLURGwill please you.A. F. WHEELER & CO.(5-tf)rememoer it for 10 years.You may have noticed that all lazypeople have busy tongues.r.EverGreat Cash RaisingThe Greatest Footwear SaleWitnessed in This County"We are overstocked with Shoes. Manufacturers who shipped us thegoods urge us to turn these into cash at once. THEY NEED THEMONEY! Our enormous stock of High GradeMen's, Women's and Children's Shoeswill be sold at a great sacrifice of original values. Read the prices carefully.Ladies' Colonial Pumps of elegant Patent Colt,with button on side, Milo Shoe, $5.00 value at.. $2.99Ladies' Patent or Soft Dull Calf Pumps, $4.00value at cLadies' Patent Colonial, Oxfords or Shoes,S3. 00 values atLadies' White Canvas Oxfords, rubber soles,$3. 00 values at $ 1 .99 andLadies' White Canvas Colonial and Baby DollPumps, $3.00 values at S1 .99 andLadies White Canvas Pumps, 2.00 values at. .Ladies Pat. Pumps, Louis heel, $3.00 values atLadies' Kid Oxfords, $2.00 values atLadies' Suede Button Oxfords, $5.00 values at..Ladies' Suede 2-Strap Oxfords, 2. 50 values at..2.491.991.491.49.991.491.241.991.49Men's Tan Oxfords and High Shoes, $5.00values at $3.49Men's Tan Rubber Sole Oxfords, $5.00 values 3.49'Men's Tan and Black Latest Last Shoes andOxfords, of the famous Walk-Over and Beaconmakes, $5.00 and $4.00 values at $3.49 and 2.49Men's Tan Rubber Sole Oxfords, GoodyearWelts, $4.50 values at 2.99Man's White Canvas Rubber Sole Oxfords, $4. 50values at $ 1 .99 and 1 .49Men' Patent and Gun Metal Oxfords, $3 values 1 .99Men's Patent Colt Walk-Over Oxfords, $5 values 2.99Boys' Patent and Gun' Metal Oxfords or Shoes,$3.00 values at 1 .99Boys Gun Metal Shoes and Oxfords, $2. 50 values 1 .49Misses9 and Children's Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps, in Patent Leather andWhite Canvas, at specially reduced prices. Barefoot Sandals and Outing Shoesat Bargain Prices.IDwJEiSL1STyCOHEIN'SShoeWhere Beautyand Economy Reiens 7 1,MI , "wwmmmmwmmmmmwmMr. J. G. Allen and family visitedrelatives at Sharpsburg, Sunday.Mrs. Pearl Embry, of Stanford, isthe guest of her cousin, Miss MargaretAllen.Mr. S. K. Proctor, of Waverly, O.,arrived Saturday to be the guest ofrelatives.Miss Lutie Becraft, of Paris, isthe guest of her mother, Mrs. AnnaJefferson.Mrs. Albert Hinton, of Paris, wasat the bedside of her uncle, Mr. J. J.Peed, Friday.Mrs. Claud Neal and son, of Newport, are guests of her mother-in-law,Mrs. Jennie Neal.Misses Lillie Doll and Ran Lynch,of Jackson, arrived Thursday, asguests of Mrs. P. L. Dimmitt.Mr. A. P. Gooding, of Lexington,was the guest of his uncle, T. J. Prather, from Saturday until Monday.The Sick Mr. Thos. McClintockis very ill; Messrs. J. J. Peed andJohn Shea continue very much thesame.;Miss Vallette McClintock, ofPans, arrived Thursday, as the guestof herx grandparents, Mr. and Mrs.Thos McClintock.Little Misses Mary Louise andRebecca Collier, of Paris, were guestsof friends and relatives here fromThursday until SaturdayMrs. Katherine Carpenter underwent a slight operation a few daysago at St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington,! and may not return home for a week.Mrs. J. W. Linville and familywish to express their appreciation ofthe kindness shown by their manyfriends during the time of their bereavement. Mrs. S. C. Bascom and familyhave moved from the home of Mr. V.L. Barton, taking lodging for the summer at the M. F. C, and board at theTaylor House.Mrs. W. A. Munzing, of Maysville,was the guest of her mother and sister, Mrs. Martha Vimont and daughter, Miss Florence Vimont, from Saturday until Tuesday.Mrs. C. M. Best who underwentan operation on her foot about twoweeks ago, returned Saturday muchimproved, though she will not be ableto walk for several weeks.Mrs. W. M. Hancock, of Dallas,Texas, arrived Friday to spend the remainder of the summer with herdaughter and sister, Mrs. LouiseClarke and daughter, Miss Margaret.Misses Mattie and Sallie Mclntyra entertained a number of the little folk Monday afternoon, the occasion being the second birthday oftheir niece, Miss Elizabeth Mclntyre.Mrs. J. B. Cray, of Millersburg,and Mrs. W. S. Judy, .of Lexington,left Sunday for the bedside of Mrs.D. B. Judy, at Middlesboro, who iscritically ill, with little hopes of recovery. .Mr. W. D. Cline, of Texas, has returned to the home of his uncle, Mr.C. N. Johnson, after spending a weekat Chicago, 111. Mr. Cline and familyhave been the guests of relatives herefor a number of weeks.Sunday was probably the hottestday in the history of JMillersburg, thelowest register at nooiv by the localthermometers was 102, whileof the drug store of Wadell Bros.Mr. L. T. Vimont returned to hishome at Newport Sunday, after aweeks' visit to his mother, Mrs. Martha Vimont, and other relatives. Mr3.Vimont will remain indefinitely on,account of the critical illness of herbrother, Mrs. John Shea.The Sunday School of the Presbyterian Church gave a picnic Fridayin the woods of Mrs. William Tarr, onthe Maysville pike. The studentbody was conveyed from the church,in automobiles and wagonettes. Anice picnic dinner was served at noon.Miss Elizabeth Jones entertaineda number of her little friends, Thursday afternoon, from 3 to 6. Her father, Mr. C. R. Jones, came to townin a two-horse wagon and conveyedthem to and from the home in thatway. Ice cream, cake, lemonade andwafers were served.Everything is progressing nicelyfor the Chautauqua. Season ticketsare now on sale. Adults$2, children,under fifteen years old, $1. Thesetickets are only transferable in one'sown ' family, and cannot be used byyour friends. The advertising matteris now being put out. Bourbon, Nicholas and Harrison counties will becovered. A seven-days' meeting withtwo entertainments each day. All ofthe participants are artist's, and several of t.hpm oelebrites. Let everv-body take advantge of the opportunity. Buy season tickets. There willbe fifteen meetings, two of them willpay you for season ticket. Call on ortelephone W. A. Butler, Secretary, fortickets, programs and other information.LACE CURTAINS.qual-97 pairs Lace Curtains, $1.25ity, at 75c.75 pairs Lace Curtains, $1.50 quality, at 98c.69 pairs Lace Curtains, ?2 quality,at $1.48.80 pairs Lace Curtains, $3 quality,at $1.98.50 pairs Lace Curtains, $4 quality,at $2.48.25c quality Curtain,.. Net, at 17c.35c and 40c quality Curtain, Net, at27c.50c quality Curtain, Net, at 35c.20c quality Curtain, Madras, at 15c.25c quality Curtain, Madras, at 19c.35c quality Curtain, Madras, at27 Yzc.HARRY SIMON.STATE OFFERS REWARD.The Fish and Game Commission ofthe State has offered, a reward of $25to any one giving information thatwill lead to the conviction of any violator of the law in dynamiting casesand in cases where a person is hunting without a license. They also offerhalf of the fines assessed and collected for the conviction of any violatorof any other provision of the gamelaw. Anyone possessed of information should report to Game "WardenHill, at Paris, or-to the Commissioners at Frankfort.GOODMAN SIGNS UP.Outfielder B. F. Goodman, who wasreleased last week by the Lexington.Club of the Ohio State League, hassiempr? fnr the remainder of the sea-the son with, the Princeton team' ini thw ' highest -was 106, this 'being-Mn front West Virginia League.r'v isTvf ".- JVV 1-y-&h - '- - " - f " rfVw V - .c .- ' f " v - Js "