. -'A - ''-',3'.'x.. .'!,s-.v.;. HOT - SHU . JttHk vi J -iArv k 1 .-L. -" .i?.. " 'vT',J .PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY .AND FKIDAY IN THE YEARV0LUMEJ1XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKYRIDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1914.B -. B' m'mK H, H H B V Knew aINTEREST UNABATED INTABERNACLE MEETINGS.ASHLAND DISTRICT EDUCATIONAL ASSOCIATION MEETS.As the time for the closing of thejrreat revival meetings being conductZx - the Tabernacle in this city byEvangelists Ham and Ramsey comes Jcloser the interest wnicn an aionglias been intense, manifests no signof abating, and if anything is growing,-stronger.The nightly sermons by Mr. Hamand the intensely interesting songiservices conducted by Mr. Ramseyhave been productive of great good inthe community, and . has been themeans of bringing into the churchesof the city many ivho would otherwise have remained outside the pale.6d Tuesday night the members ofthe Masonic lodges of the city andcouatv assembled at the Masonic Temple and marched in a body to the Tabernacle, where seats in the centersection had been reserved for them.Ir. Ham preached a' special sermonto t5?em taking as his theme "WhenDeath's Angel Visited the Nation."The sermon was a very noted one,and -was listened to with marked attention by the large audience.Tie usual morning services arebeing held eacli day except Monday,and the busy people even find timeto attend these meetings. At eachof the churches morning prayermeetings are now being held at 9o'clock.Another large crowd attended theservices Wednesday night, and afterthe invitation a number responded.T1.3 song service in charge of Chorister Ramsey was up to its usuallii-:i standard.I-ast night the crowd that attended was fully as large as that of anynrevious occasion, and the order ofexercises proved as interesting.T?-e meetings will close with themeeting on Sunday night, November1, when Evangelist Ham and his partywill go to Weatherford, Texas, wherethey will be engaged for some time inconducting an evangelistic "meeting.Mr. Baumgartel, Mr. Ham's chief architectural assistant, left Paris Tuesday for Weatherford, to superintendthe erection of the Tabernacle to be-used there for the meetings.The building being used here for themeetings has been sold to Mr. C. A.Ellis, who will remove it from the lotas soon as the meetings close nexttnonth. It had been suggested that itwould be a good idea for the city ofParis to purchase the building and allow it to stand for use as a tabernacle or convention iall, such as usedbv other cities. m m"The following persons have joinedthe Methodist church up to Sunday asa -esult of the labors of EvangelistHam: Mrs. Flora Ashurst, Mrs. IdaRed Mrs. Granville Baker, Mrs.Mary Blythe, Mrs. Cora Delaney, Mrs.Earl L. Mast, Mrs. Cates, Mrs. Gill-ard Xeal and Mrs. Albert a. jtuuB,"Misses Gladvs Thompson, Ava Neal,Elizabeth Wheeler, Ruth Wheeler,Adel Wheeler, Ora Cassidy, Ella Rose,Lillian Delaney, Hulda Taylor, CletesChiolev, Elizabeth Lilleston, ElizabethTaylor; Messrs. John H. Blythe,Granville Baker, Geo. Blythe, Geo. W.Blythe, James Lennox, Wm. Blythe,Lucien Thompson, Beverly Thompson,Wa Mclntyre, James Berry, WalterLa-jghlin, John S. Martin, Wm. Jronk,Earl L. Mast, Stanley Rule, RobertRowland, Wm. Rowland, Jesse Gallowav Howard Roberts, N. H. Bradley,Diliard Fizpatrick, Edgar Tingle,Edward Delaney, Robert GardnerRobert Berry and Russell Lennox.The Ashland District EducationalAssociation will convene in the Auditorium of the Paris High School thismorning, when an interesting programwill be carried out for the first day'ssession. The meeting will continueto-morrow.The program for to-day will be asfollows:10:00 Prayer Dr. O. E. Mangum;Song City High School Chores;Welcome Address Hon. C. M. Thomas, of Paris; Response Prof. R. S.Eubank: Solo Miss Elizabeth Hin-iIon: Address bv the PresidentProf. T. A. Hendricks; 11:15 Address "How to Convince ParentsThat School is WoVth While" Supt.H. C. McKee, Frankfort; 11:30"How to Show the People That TheirMoney Has Been Well Spent" Supt.M. B. Hifner, Versailles; 12:00Luncheon served by the teachers ofthe county.Twelve counties are included in thisdistrict. From these counties a largenumber of educators, members ofschool boards, and others interestedin education, are expected to attendthe meetings.Next to the Kentucky EducationalAssociation these district associations are the largest and the mostimportant conventions of teachers inthe State. They are of even greaterimportance than the K. E. A. locally,because of their being in touch withthe needs peculiar to the community,MISS MOORE RECOVERING.Miss Pearl Moore, the victim of anattack by an unknown man last Saturday nierht. and who has since beena , - 7confined to her home suffering frominjuries inflicted by ner unknown assailant, is recovering rapidly and will'soon be able to resume her position,at the Cumberland Telephone office.The police are still working on thecase, but with little prospect of apprehending ' the guilty party. On atheory that the man was a white mandisguised several suspects have beenplaced under survillance, but nothinghas been definitely learned that would f ftwarrant an arrest.. The similarity of the cases of Mrs,Isgrigg, in East Paris, Miss Oliver,near Ruddles Mills, Miss Kiser, nearKiserton, Miss Moore in Paris, and twoothers whose desire to avoid publicityhas kept their names out of print,lead to the theory that one or twomen have bepn pursuing the same tactics. Man-made laws may be all rightand the talk of j'ustice good, but thereought to be a quick and sure end tosuch dastradly scoundrels who are terrorizing and attacking defenseless women in their homes and on the public highways.ADDITIONAL SUITS FILEDAGAINST R. B. HUTCHCRAFTriviiccneii &.Tl- . wDiaKcmorcsTwo additional suits have been filedin the office of Circuit Court ClerkTI1U I1UUIIW IlUI'IMll t lllfl-f I'll III II II Vand are therefore better able to deal W. H. Webb against Mr. R B Hutchwith local DroblemsThe very best educators in the district, and some of the best from theoutside, are on the program. Men andwomen from colleges, city schools andcounty schools will tell how they havesolved their problems, "and will giveus the benefit of the'ir experiences insolving others.It is to be hoped that the people ofParis will avail themselves of this opportunity to find out what otherschools are doing in order that theymay have an adequate idea of whattheir -own schools are doing.The people have resyonded very enthusiastically in offering to provideentertainment for the delegates, andthe pupils of the schools are. preparing to give some of their best music.It will be an event in the history ofParis.EUROPEAN WAR IN BRIEF.OCTOBER NUMBER OF"EVERYSTUDENT" SUCCESS.craft, making an aggregate of about$75,?$$ filed in the past three days.The Second National Bank of Lexington, through their attorneys, Faulco-ner & Faulconer, sued to recover onia note amounting to $5,000. Mrs.Martha S. Withers, of Lexington,through her attorney, Bailey D.Berry, sues to recover on a note for$3,000.Suits jin various amounts, aggregating in all $61,000 were filed lastweek against Mr. Hutchcraft, as detailed in the News. 'Mr. Hutchcraft is confined to hishome on Second street, suffering fromthe effects of an attack of grip forseveral days, and has been unable tobe at his place of businessMASONIC GRAND LODGEELECTS NEW- OFFICERS.i 'jvTT V -I mm W I11 Copyright, 1914 j Is : :The first issue for 1914 of the HighSchool publication, "Every student,Diibiied each month during thetc coT vear bv the pupils of the ParisHisa School, is out, and is in everyvrav a most creditable production.The publication, which, vith theOciober number, enters upon its second vear, is edited by Landon Templin, with Bishop Batterton m chargeot h "Luke McLuke" joke department; Eyelyn Friedman, literary editor; Jennings Taylor and EdythHancock, art editors. The businessstaS is composed of Maurice Clark,business manager; Eugene Elder circulation manager, and Barnett Win-ters. treasurer. ,The currfnt number of "Everystudenf is full to the brim of goodthings, both from the editorial pointof view and in the way ot contributed articles from tne 3;Notable among these is an amusingand interesting dialect story by MissEleanor Lytle (first year) , daughterof Mr. and Mrs. O. G. Lytle of Paris,entitled "Miss ' Bill," mtrials and tribulations of Hugh PercyTan Rump, a city bred chap. .and Justumorous experiences at PumPinHollow, with "Miss Bill," are setset forth in a style that -would reflect credit upon one ot more mlure years. n'Miss Evelyn Friedman, 16, concontributes an interesting and cleverly written article entitled Uypsies "Everystudent" is an ambitiouspublication, and hopes with the aidof the patrons of the High School,to improve with each issue.COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS.Both French and Britisli pay tribute to the valor of the Belgians,who, with the allies, are holdingback the German advance along theNorth Sea coast. Incessant fightinghas been in progress from the castline as far south as La Bassee, aHicstanne of about 50 miles, but thisline is divided into several fronts, onwi-iini-i RPnaratp. eneacements arebeing fought. It is this line the Germans are endeavoring to break intheir attempt to reach Dunkirk andother French seaparts.Three Britisli monitors, the Severn, Humber and Mersey, with sixinch and other heavy guns, are shelling the Germans in the vicinity ofOstend, where, it is said, terrible execution has been done. Machine gundetachments also have been landedfrom these vessels and are assistingiii the defense" of Nieuport.' There has been particularly hardfighting in the Lille region, wherethe British are in action. The important .French town of Lille still isheld by the Germans, and the encounters in this neighborhood have beennf n lmnrl-tn-hand character.Optimistic reports, from the Russian viewpoint, come from Petrograd, where it is officially announcedthat the German troops have beendriven from the roads leading toWarsaw and are in full retreat, having left their wounded on the fieldof battle.Similarly, the Russian report thatthe advances of the Austrians inGalicia have been tsiayed.Sasebo, the naval port of Japan,reports that the Japanese have destroyed the military equipment andseized large quantities of gold andmunitions of war on the Germanislands in the South Seas, recentlyoccupied. ,By order of the Russian Emperorv,a ctnrifmtR of the universities andhigh schools have been called to theThe one hundred v and fourteenthsession of the Grand Lodge of Kentucky Masons came to an end in Louisville yesterday, after an interesting session which began Monday.Only one session was held yesterday,beginning at nine o'clock, and, adjourned after all business had beentransacted shortly aft.er noon.The new officers elected were:Grand Master George B. Winslow,of Carrollton.Deputy Grand Master T. a. Attains, of Louisville.Grand Senior Warden J. N. Saunders, of Stanford.Grand Junior Warden Dr. EarleW. Weathers, of Elkton.Grand Treasurer John H. Leathers, of Louisville.Grand Secretary David Jackson, ofLouisville.The new officers were installed bythe incoming Grand Master, who wasinducted into office by the retiringGrand Master, .Orie 6. Ware, of Covington. wThe offices of Gand Senior Deacon,, Grand Junior Deacon, Tursuviant, Grand Swordbearer, Grand Marshal and Grand Tyler will be filledby appointment of the incoming GrandThe Paris delegation to the GrandLodge will return homg to-day.WOMEN'S PRESBYTERIAL INSESSION AT MILLfcKStSUr;.TODAYAnn Nrtt Tn.mnrrniir it tViA Tim f Thinlr- Alumni rFall Suit and Overcoat.Crtme fn fh? ef-rvri sarin hnv riMi" olrktr.?We carry the finest and best makes of clothing X. .in the United States. When you purchase aSuit or Overcoat from us it has to be right or we.won't sell it tb you.Clothes that fit you and the kind that wilvholdtheir shape and wear, all styles, for the fat 9tman or the thin man.j Suits and Overcoats From$10 To $35.Think of This Store First!Mitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckyJIWhy Pay fThe Woman's Presbyterial ofthe Ebeneder Presbytery of theSouthern Presbyterian Church convened in Millersburg yesterday morningfor a two-days' session, lasting throughto-day. An interesting program wasrendered, consisting principally of addresses along the line of church workby prominent members of the Presbytery To-day's program promises tohe'eaually as interesting. A largenumber of delegates attended yesterday, all of whom regained over to attend the sessions to-aayt22c to 25c perpound forSj&usage whenBaldwinFRANKTWiBros.SELLi,;v, eni-mnlQ hn.vfi heen canea to me ibuu m Ooo '- ..""rJ"1;; ;., nrdinarilv The program rencierea yebiujCOIOrb. AI1COC jUUb 11,a.exempt from war service.RULED OFF RECORD.The Citv Council met in regularsession at the Council Chamber lastnight, with a full board present, andMayor Hinton presiding. mBeyond allowing accounts againstthe city, and granting a few buildingpermits, no business of importancewas -transacted and tiie board adjourned sine die.The mutt complains that his wifecan't cook 'like his mother used tocook, never thinks of marrying anold woman with his mother's experience. s. . ' .At Georgetown,the dry forces ofScott County made a motion in theCounty Court, Monday, to record thecertificate of the recent local optionelection. This the wets opposed, andJndere Ward, after hearing the arguments, declined to put the certificateto record.At Mt. Sterling, Saturday, CountyJudge Chenault declined to allow thecertificate for the Canvassing Boardin the recent local option electionin that county to be placed on record.Judge Chenault decided under the lawthat the certificate could not be placedon record after a contest had been instifiitp.fi until after the contest hadbeen heard, and the Contest, Boardwill not meet until November 4.NPTICE TO STOCK OWNERS.L,.nr. nc -Pr11 rwa! Morning Devotional, Mrs. A. &.jVenable; Hymn; Address of Wei1 come, Mrs. Layson- Tarr; Response,Miss Tulley; -Heading oi muuuLast Presbyterial, Mrs. James Butler,Secretary of Last Presbyterial; Mrs.A C Riggs, Secretary of' Literature;Mrs.' James Butler, Secretary of Foreign Missions; Miss Ruth McClmtock;Echoes from the Sunofficial, Mrs.Waugh; Appointment of Committees;Collection; Hymn.Afternoon Missionary CreCd; devotional, Mrs. W. P. Ross; Address,"The Social Evil," Irs. Goddard, Secretary A. M. M.; Mrs. Harry Clay,Secretary Young Peoples' Work; Missr, -J Cimmnnc SnPP.iftl MUSIC ', Afl"dress-"Doing . Things Expedious y,Mrs Rouse; Recitation, Miss Tully,Address "Mountain Missions," MissDuboise. ,Evening Music; Devotional anaGreeting from' Presbytery pastor;Address, "Experiences in Africa, ur.W W. Shepherd; Music; Benediction.2 POUNDSOF BESTPORKSAUSAGEOur Buyer Has Returned From His SecondEastern Trip and We Are 'Now ShowingThe Newest Styles In ,SuitSj Dressesand Cloaks'.All persons driving live stockthrough the street of Paris are required to furnish sufficient men withthe herds to keep said stock fromrunning through and damaging theyards along the streets.Considerable complaint is made byresidents of Paris about stock beingallowed to run through their Jawns,damaging hedges, -flowers, etc. -, J. T. 11JNUJN,REGISTER, OR LOSE VOTE.FOR35cSuits at $15 to $25cAll popular fabrics and styles represented.Dresses at $5 to $20In Serge and Satin Combination. cAlso acomplete line of c4.fternoon and EveningDresses in Satins and Crepes.CoatsFor Ladies, Misses and Children oU styles -andpricesx.VYOUR INSPECTION CORDIALLYINVITED.(Oct2-i).Don't fail to register Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday, all who failed torpjristpr on reeular registration day.You will lose the privilege of votingunless you do. There will be Senatorial elections and the August primary in which you will' want ,to vote. Jnnn't fail to register, if you were outMayor. - of the. city .or ill on the Regular day. 4iBALDWIN BROS,OFRANK & CO.VThe Store Where ReliabilitylReigns.jv..A.V..",0 -- -' -tjif -r ,.&Z,v 'r sv",v5 j.'-t..-&- ,.,117 Ml" Jrf-Hf yt'-.rtffi BOURBON NEWS., PAWS KENTUCKY, OCTOi-Xj23, 1914.9a-nil wirmiVL'r" i . t.PL O -iK . M.1 JP '" the National: Convention1 tie DOUl DO!! 1 jCWS i at Aguas Caliehtes.' ,Villa' said he Vould not accept Carranza as Provisional President, hutwas satisfied he would not be chosen.The general understanding on allsides has been that Carranza him-Eitablished 183132 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postofiice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.'Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKETBelf does not desire to be ProvisionalPresident, wishing to be free to enter the Presidential race in the succeeding election.The latest official reports to theState Department describe in detailthe visit last Saturday of GeneralVilla to the convention at AguasCalientes.General Villa wrote his name onthe Mexican flag, as did all the otherdelegates, and kissed the banner,pledging again amid a storm of applause to abide by the decisions ofthe convention.BECKHAM DRAWING CROWDS.For SenatorJ. C. W. BECKHAM(Long Term)JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term)For CongressJ. CAMPBELL CANTRILL.Ii.JAPS SEIZE ISLES IN PACIFIC.TOKIO, Oct. 20. The navy depart" ment has announced the occupationfor military purposes of importantislands in the Marianne (or Ladrone)Marshall, East Caroline and WestCaroline archipelagoes.Previous announcement lias beeinmade of the occupation by Japan ofislands in the Marshall and Carolinegroups. The occupation of an islandin the Maranne or Ladrone group hasnot heretofore been reported.The Marianne islands lie directlyeast of Luzon and about 1,700 milesfrom Manila. In this group is theIsland of Gaum, which was acquiredby the "United States in 1898. Herethe United States maintains a smallmilitary force and there is a cablestation on the line between Manila,Honolulu and San Francisco.The Marianne group is about 500miles south of the Bonin Islandswhich belong to Japan. The totjal; area of the Marianne is about 420r square miles.With the exception of Guam, allislands in this group were sold bySpain to Germany in 1889 and form-part o the government district ofGerman New Guinea.Governor Beckham is drawing greatcrowds wherever he has spoken, evenin Republican districts his speecheshave been received with great favorand hundreds of Republicans havepledged their votes. Governor Beckham's personal following is very largeand loyal one and they are enthusiastic over the assurance that he willrepresent Kentucky in the UnitedStates Senate. He will speak everyday from now until the election, buthe would have to speak a half dozentimes a day to meet the demandsthat are being made upon him.WHAT'S THE REASON?Many Paris People in Poor HealthWithout Knowing the Cause.Thdre are scores of people whodrag out a miserable existence without realizing the cause of their suffering. Day after day they are rackedwith headache and backache; sufferfrom nervousness, dizziness, weakness, languor and depression. Perhaps the kidneys have fallen behindin their work of filtering the bloodand that may be 'the root of themore highly recommended remedytrouble. Look to your kidneys, assistthem in their work give them thethan Doan's Kidney Pills endorsedby people all over the country and byyour neighbors in Paris.Mrs. Hodge, 821 West street, Paris,Ky., says: "I had dipzy and nervousspells and my back and head ached,showing that my kidneys were weak.When I saw Doan's Kidney Pills advertised, I used them and they gaveme relief."Mrs. Hodge is only one of manypeople who have grateflly endorsedDoan's Kidney Pills. If your backaches if your kidneys bother you,don't simply ask for a kidney remelyask distinctly for Doan's KidneyPills, the same that Mrs. Hodge hadthe remedy backed by home testimov. 50c all stores. Foster-MilburnCo.", Props., Buffalo, N. Y. "WhenYour Back is Lame Remember theName."WHY NOT PUBLISH IT?.' JAP CRUISER SUNK BY MINE.ROTTERDAM, Oct. 20. Dispatches" from Tokyo reveal that serious reverses have befallen the Japaneseforces, both on land and sea, which:are besieging the German fortress atTsin-Tau in Kiae-Chau.Th& Tokyo War Office to-night announces that the cruiser Takachiholies at the bottom of Kiau-Chau Bay.The warship was sunk last nightwhen it fouled a mine laid by theGermans. It is known that only one-officer and nine members of the crewwere saved. Twenty-eight officers,fifty-four non-commissioned officersand 19 seamen, a total of 271 persons, perished.GERMAN FLEET IS GSTT1NUREADY.LONDON, Oct. 20. In a dispatch"from Rotterdam, the. correspondent ofthe Evening News declares that theGerman marines are leaving Antwerpto rejoin the German fleet and theGerman ships at Kiel are being expensively provisioned. 4GERMANS HURLED BACK.PARIS, Oct. 20. British warships,cannonading the German land forces,who had opened a terrific bombardment of the allies' intrenched position between Nieuqort, on the Belgianseacost, and Dixamunde, southwardon the Ypres Canal, to-day struckterror to the hearts of the invaders"by their flanking and enfilading firemd broke the force of the attack.The Belgians, fighting on their ownsoil to regain their country, dashedforward, and in a desperate counterattack hurled the Germans back.This is the first time in the war in-the North that naval vessels of any-of the belligerants have effectivelyaided the land forces in the operations.'When you want a fact to becomegenerally known, the right way is topublish it. Mrs. Joseph Kalians,Peru, Ind., was troubled with belching, sour stomach and frequent headaches. She writes: "I feel it myduty to tell others what Chamberlain's Tablets have done for me.They have helped my digestion andregulated my bowels. Since usingthem I have been entirely well."For sale by all dealers.(oct-adv)Before he marries her it tickles himto have her go through his vestpockets and ask him foolish littlequestions about the articles he carries.But it is so diffierent after he marriesher.Nature is mighty liberal mith nosesand ears and mighty stingy with foreheads and chins.YOURFALL COLDNEEDSATTENTION.No use to fuss and try to wear itout. It will wear you out instead.Take Dr. King's New Discovery, relief follows quickly. It checks yourCold and Soothes your Cough away.Pleasant, Antiseptic and Healing.Children like it. Get a 50c bottlekeep it in the house. "Our familyI Cough and Cold Doctor" writesLewis Chamberlain, Manchester, O.Money back if not satisneci, out itnearly always helps.(oct-adv)The reason why mother hidesthings away during the day is because if Father ever came home andfound anything where he laft it theshock might prove fatal.IT ALWAYS DOES THE WORK."I like Chamberlain's Cough Remedy better than any other," writesR. E. Roberts, Homer City, Pa. "Ihave taken it off and on for yearsand it has never failed to give thedesired effect." For sale by all dealers. (oct-adv)POOD FOR STARVING BELGIANS.WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. The Ger-Tnan Government has consented to.the admission of food supplies for--destitute Belgians. rThe British Ambassador here and American Am--hnP.RadorPace in London have beennotified by the State Department.The State Department had beenurging this action by the GermanGovernment for nearly a ' week andbad addresed two separate inquiraes on the subject to the Foreign IOffice through Ambassador Gerard-at BerlinBy the agreement effected withthe German Foreign Office these supplies may enter Belgium providedthey are consigned to Minister Whitlock. The British Government wasinsistent on this point, desiring tomake certain that the supplies wouldnot b"e used by the German army., PEACE IN OLD MEXICO.WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. GeneralVilla has informed the United States" Government that unless somethingumforseen occurs hostilities in Mexico are at an end, and that he willVft'wpport any provisional GovernmentJ. 0. METCALF, Mabel, Mo."AfterUsingPerunaManyYearsI can say that Peruna is a fine remedyfor catarrh and diseases of the tonsils andmany other ailments. It ismanufactured by a wellknown company, who areperfectly reliable."A TA."ft TTith slight laxA lOIICativc qualities,-"I have noticed a greatmany others taking: thisremedy, and I have yetfailed to see a case wherethe continued use of Peruna did not complete a satisfactory cure In reasonable time."F. v.vJdRMMRajFDelights ofRepartee"I was to supper with GrandmotherKelly last night," Miss Connelly informed Liss Frizkle, as she threw herself on the couch in the rest room,"and of all the fun!" She paused andher face broke into a reminiscentsmile. "She ain't my real grandmaw,you know. She's paw's first wife'smaw, but us kids has always calledher grandmother. She lives 'way outon the west side and she gets awfulsore if one -of us youngsters don't goout and take supper and spend thenight with her about once in every sooften."Last night it was my turn andwhen I got there Grandmother Kellysays to me, 'Nellie,' she says, 'I askedpoor old Grandmaw Getchell to comeover tonight and I'd be real obligedif you'd run over to her son's placeand fetch her. Like as not that daughter-in-lawof hers'll let her start outby herself, and if that poor old thingshould fall down I bet she'd break Isome of her bones. They gits awful Jbrittle, you know, as, a person gitsolder.' It was funny because Grandmother Kelly ain't more'n a couple ofyears younger than Grandmaw Getchell. ."I was just a-startinto pike overand get Grandmaw Getchell when theold lady come hoppin' up the stairs,spry's you please. Grandmother Kellyruns to the door. 'Why, grandmaw,'she says, 'did you come all by yourself? I don't think you ought to 'a'done it. It ain't safe for you to comeall that way alone.'"Grandmaw Getchell just pushespast her and begins takin' off her hatand cape and throwin' 'em on thechair. 'Quit "grandmawin" me,' shesays. 'I'm just as well able to walkthree blocks by myself as I ever was,and a good deal more able than someof these slimjacks that'd crack topieces if they ever hit the sidewalk.'"When we sat down to supperGrandmother Kelly says, just as sweetas could be, 'I made some cornbreadfor supper, grandmaw,' she says,' 'cause I thought it would be easy foryou to eat. When a person's lost somany of their teeth as what you haveI know it's kind of hard for 'em tochem tough things."Grandmaw Getchell begun to swellup. 'I guess you don't need to be socareful of me and my teeth, MollKelly,' she says. 'Hard for me tochew?' she snorts, shakin'."Grandmother Kelly come rightback at her, smilin' and happy. 'Well.'she says, putting a helpin' of creamedchicken on to Grandmaw Getchell'splate, 'it does beat all how some folksgets more satisfaction hangin' on totheir poor old snags long after they'repast their usefulness than let 'em gocomfortable like and get some goodboughten ones.' Then she hustled outto the kitchen.."'It just makes me want to cry,'she says, fetchin' a great big sigh, 'every time I eat lemon cream pie. Mr.Tinkum, him that was my second, hewas so partial to it.' Then she lookedover at Grandmother Kelly -spiteful,and I knew they was about ready tolock horns again. 'You know I beenmarried three times,' she says to me.'Mr. Getchel, he was my third.'"Grandmother Kelly didn't say nothin' for a minute. Then she says, 'Nellie,' she says, 'ain't it funny how some jwomen will marry just anything thatcomes along, just to show they had thechance?'" 'I don't blame no woman,' saysGrandmaw Getchell to me, 'just becuzthe men folks don't take to her, butthere's some folks not more'n a hundred miles away that didn't get married more'n once for a mighty goodand sufficient reason, and that is thatthey didn't get asked again.'"Weil, you needn't to think thatGrandmaw Getchell had any two-thirdsof Grandmother Kelly on the mat.Grandmother Kelly was right therewas the comeback." 'Well,' she says, takin' off the lidof the teapot and lookin' in to see ifthe tea's all gone, 'I always did thinkthe folks that keeps on gettin' married every time they get asked ain'tever had such very good- luck.'"Well, they kep' it up the wholeblessed evenin', and you'd 'a' died ifyou could 'a' heard them. Every timeGrandmaw Getchell'd get a half nelson on Grandmother Kelly, Grandmother Kelly'd bat back at her andthen duck for the kitchen or diningroom, or somewheres, like she hadsome pressin' business, and by thetime she'd get back GrandmawGetchel'd be all ready with anotherhot one. The last thing I heard afteri I went upstairs was Grandmother Kelly sayin', 'Now, you be careful, grandmaw, goin' up them steps. I knew areal stout person that fell down themonce and she never walked again.'" 'I guess you better be careful yourself, Moll Kelly,' snorts GrandmawGetchell; 'if you should tumble downstairs your bones'd crack up like so'many icicles.'"I ducked into my room and prettynear swallowed all the bed clothes.tryin' to keep from haw-hawin' rightout."Say, I bet I been to ten thousandmovin' pitcher shows andUneeda BiscuitNourishment pfine flavor purity crispnesswholesomeness. Allfor 5 cents, in themoisture-proofpackage.iiiiliiSliiiiiGraham CrackersA food for every day. .Crisp, delicious andstrengthening. Freshbaked and fresh delivered, io cents.vmsiarxmaAMnd J-.T"iS-s .-"TnTa-1 867'K, -.v?vfc(rAyA delightful new biscuit, -with a rich anddelicious cocoanut flavor. Crisp and alwaysfresh, zo cents.TheStandardEverSlncaThey're still onstill in good condition, andthe only attention they've had is an occasionalcoat of paintIn addition to the lasting; qualities, they'reFireproof, Stormproof and inexpensive.1 For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.Bourbon LaundryttW Telephone No. 4.wDWIS & FUNK, Props.West 5 StreetBuy biscuit balled fryNATIONAL BISCUITCOMPANYAlways look for. that Namew W 1 Hi II'We Take Pleasure. &in "oing up the finest shirt- yffwaists or anything in the tfjfrlaundry line. That is whay Wmade ihe Bourbon Lanndrt Ffamous fcp- fine work and it ijjjdever goes beck on its repu- V?tation. If you are particular fabout how your linen is ftlaundered, your custom is the Wkind we want as we like to fappreciatee. ijfjBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky,our L,oal DinFull?JTONED UP WHOLE SYSTEM."Chamberlain's Tablets have donemore for me than I ever dared hopefor ," writes Mrs. Esther Mae Baker,Spencerport, N. Y. "I used severalbottles of these tablets a few monthsago. They not only cured me ofbilious attacks, sick headaches andthat tired out feeling, but toned upmy whole system." For sale by alldealers.(oct-adv)PRAISES BE!Peace between "President Wilsonand Col. Henry Wattenson, editor ofthe Ltuisville Courier-Journal, was assured Friday niht. SaU'rly the twostatesmen pledged friendship in theWh"e Koine. Col. Vvatterson arrived,'in Washington late Friday and imme-jdiatcly arrangements were made forhim to lunch with the President Sat-1urday. From the manner in which tthe Colonel accepted the invitation 'it was evident that the breach which ,gave rise to his attacks on Wilson 'will be entirely healed.iI (Our Coal will give the best results inyour heating stove and furnace, aswell as in your cooking stove.The Coal we sell burns better, givesmore heat and lasts longer than anvany other Coal. Give us a trial order.Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St. Both Phones 140.ecS6eg3ij?t(2(&23BVSvmk) AIPHHIIII1 ftttlsrvs JNA SjTv sfifrv W4GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL BISECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DA 137; NIGHT 299.Strengthfor MotherhoodMOTHERHOOD Is not atime for experiment, but forproven qualities, and nothingexceeds,. the value of goodcheer, needful exercise andSCOTT'S EMULSION.SCOTT'S EMULSION charges theblood with life-sustaining richness,suppresses nervous conditions, aidsthe quahty and quantity of milkand insures -sufficient fatIts COD LIVER OIL feed the verlifecelW. Its LIME and SODA helparoid rickets and make teething easy.14-48 Avoid Sub Mtitutet. No AlcoholRound trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily from Oct. 1st, 1914, toApril 30, 1915, to all principal touristpoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico,Texas and Havana, Cuba, with finalreturn limit May 31, 1915, with verylibeyal stop-over privileges. Also lowround-trip Home-Seekers tickets tomusical . points in Alabama, Florida, Louisianammedios and theavters and things, antt Mississippi, on sale nrst ana thirabut for a real, first class, up to date j Tuesdays of each month, with finalParis Odorless Cleaning9 Co. t:Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your7 clothes home,and will wonder. why you have not tried us before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.1Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor,White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.NMHMMWHiMHlIM:Aerated Milk.Why will you pay five cents formilk when you can get the bestmilk in the market for four cents?continuous show them two old dames ! return limit vfteen days from date of ; Phone us at the Wooalawn Dairy.suit;, r or .ill tutu imuiwauun, can uuor address,. J. K. SMITH, T. A.torW. H. HARRIS, Agt.has got 'em all beat. They're better'na couple of three ringed" circuses.'Chicago Daily News.-Home Phone 79; E. T. Phone 540.R. F.COLLIER,Woodlawn Dairy,(octl3-tf) Phones, Home 79; E. T. 540. 1"Onfcklv relievA "Rhnnmatlsn. Sore Muscles, Neuralgia, Backache, Headache and&11 Tiairifl- Ynnr mnncr back if it fails to ) iliera any ache in any Dart of the body ijifliteen minutes tune. . .Jfrice 60c. At All Druggists.Free nmpla mad circular Mnt on nquMt.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY.342 East Main St., LaxtafltM, I'. v ' '-"&-X ,V-.." -- -frJH'tti.'- s.. w 3,THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KYH OCTOBER 231914?- -;iBRYAN'S CALL TOKY. DEMOCRATSELOQUENT SPEECH DELIVEREDIN LOUISVILLE AFTER MAKINGADDRESSES IN OTHER CITIES.UPHOLD THE PRESIDENTBY ELECTING BECKHAMBryan Advises To Sustain PresidentWilson by Electing Democratic StateTicket President Must Have Suppert of House and Senate in GreatWork He is Doing.Louisville, Ky. (Special.) Achievements of the Democratic party sinceIts succession in power, in fulfillmentof pledges made prior to 1912, weredescribed by William Jennings Bryan,Secretary cf State, following a onedr tour of the state, at a meeting heldhere Thursday night. He reviewedtne work of President Wilson andlr.nde an earnest plea for the electionin November of Mr. Beckham and Mr.Camden and the Democratic nomineesfcr the House.Mr. Bryan said in part: """ vLadies and Gentlemen It is very,pleasant to return to your great cityiLiIcr circumstances so favorable. Theenly embarrassment that I find in coming is a natural embarrassment, because we are prone, in civil life as wellas in military life, to overestimate theprt of those who lead and underestimate the workmultitude withoutwould be powerless.of the namelesswhom a leaderI have been try-ing for eighteen years to unload alarge part of the credit that generousfriends have been willing to .bestowupon me. Because in three campaignsI occupied a position of leadershipand carried the standard of the party,these friends, learning to know myname and not 'knowing the names ofthose for whom I stood, gave me theglory that belongs to all.Two years ago I visited South America, and climbing up the Andes stoppedfor a day at Iraquipa. The rainfall isso small there and the sky so clearthat Harvard University has established an observatory from which tophotograph the stars. And they tellme that one night they turned theirgreat telescope on a distant star, andwhen they examined the plate theyfound not one star, as they hadthought, but more thanOOO stars, andwhen they examined the heavens thestars appeared as one. And when I hearof that, I thought that it described justwhat we are prone to do in politics,'and it fitted my case exactly, and 1have been glad to tell these enthusiastic friends that that, which formany years they have been describingas Bryanism, was not anything forwhich I was especially -responsible, butwas the sentiment, the heartfelt sentiment of six and a half million ofDemocrats, of whom I was only oneKentucky's Stars.And many of the stars that havehelped to make up the light have beenKentucky stars. As I look back to theconvention of 1896, in which this greatreform began, or, rather, not in whichit began, for that convention itself wasthe result of a struggle that lasted forromething like a year but as I lookback to that convention, as I see myself again standing before that magnificent audience, I recall two facesthat I shall not forget, for they seem'to represent the enthusiasm of thatbody.They were the faces of two stalwartmen. One sat over here and one overthere in that convention, and whenfhat convention rose to applaud, theselaces seemed to stand out morertrongly than the rest. The man overUre was Gov. Hogg, of Texas, one ofthe greatest men that that state hasproduced. And the man over here wasOIKe James; of Kentucky. That washis entrance into politics, and he hasremained, he has grown-until he hasbecome one of the great figures in ourNational Senate.I never think of that audience thatI addressed on that day without seeing his face his boyish face again.And as I have come into Kentucky, Ihave met your people from time totime and learned to know them, andone of those I have learned to knowuell is one who, after the fourth ofMarch, will stand by the side of Senator James in the United States Senate, and I am down here in this stateto-dav. not hpransp T doubt the resultof this election, but for the double proceed, the fact, that tlje President. . . ., T IU eould not have given you one singlepurpose of .increasing, if I can, the j"cfc ofremedjai legislation had he notmajority for your two candidates for ad a Democratic Senate and House,the Senate, Mr. Camden for the short and the further fact if after Marph 4term and Mr. Beckham for the long the Republicans have either the Senterm, and the return of all the mem- ate or the House, he can not after thatbrrs of Congress in whose districts I date give you any other remedial legnave appeared to speak. islation. If you want these ideas carI have been in several districts to- ried out, the only way to carry them"v, and I am glad that I close the out is to elect Democrats there to sup" iv In the district of Mr. Sherley, a p0rt him. In this state the only waym?n who has gradually forged to the to help carry out these ideas and confront until lie stands to-day as one of tinue f these reforms is to elect Beckt"p leadprs of the Democratic House ham and Camden to the Senate,stardhifr hnlr -of fh President " . Tf in this state yon elect these tw.o-., rfvhat a change bar. come sincerettUPHOLD PRESIDENT,". HIS..KEYNOTE.IHWSHBiwBliiinmM-lMBPtljffflfffliaiaati!3ffiakPWI "il MIIIIBIIItil i lmHFmBUBHBKmProm his latest photograph,.. SECRETARYgives a man more real satisfactionthan to feel that he stands for a causethat can not die. Yes, it has been along struggle, tiresome at times andtedious, but a reward we have won.I thought I was happy two years ago.I did not think I could be happier thanI was then. Then I had a chance todo something for Republicans that Ihad never been called upon to do before. I then indorsed the veracity oftwo Republicans who told the truthabout each other, and I thought I washaving the time of my life, but I amhappier now than I was then. I havebeen here I think three times when Ihave myself been the candidate, and Ihave been here at other times whenI came to appeal for other candidates,but during all these years I have madea different speech from that which youwill hear to-night.Hopes Then; RealizationThey say we in politicssame things over and over,oartially true, but I haveNow.say theThat isa newspeech for you.I have'Tie'vetf had anhnncp tn dplivpr rhic enponh fnr Vt7iiTTppTnfore IliflA fp?l vou on hones'ges:ed by Gov. Beckham, it has been - . . . . ,,a long struggle, but 'it has been a de- t term, you have done your bestlightful struggle. I know nothing thai!? J1?1? m the Senate and if ,n thisnow I will stuff you with realization. am here rather to tell you about yourHeretofore I have told you what we , vote and how your vote will count onwould do if you would just give us a one side or the other,chance; and now I have come to tell The first thing to which the Presiyou that the half had not been told, dent addressed himself was the tariffWhy, that which has been accomplish- question. It is an old question, so olded has exceeded the promises of the I that none of us can remember whenpartv, and even the expectations of ! this fight began 1 begar makingthe" fflost" sanguine of us? "' stump speeches when I Tvas twentyIt is hard to describe what happen-1 years of age, and I have been at it nowcd two years ago. We have to go away thirty-four years. This is my eighback into history to find anything like teenth campaign, Congressional orit, back thousands of years, and thenearest parallel I have found is inHoly Writ It is where the Red Seaopened and allowed the children ofof Israel to pass through. For did notthe Republican party divide in the center, and did hot the Democratic President march through?And what a record he has Tnade."Wonderful! And he could not havemade it 'without a Democratic Senateand a Democratic House.The President's Labors.This is not a one-man government.One man in the White House can dogreat things' and yet from the beginning to the end our constitution bearsthe impress of the idea of co-operation.The President can recommend.That is the beginning. And he can signthe bill. That is the end. The President's actions are the Alpha andOmega, but the rest of the alphabet isin the Senate and the House. Unlessthe President has the Senate and theHouse in sympathy with him, hisrecommendations are in vain. Unlesshe has the Senate and the House tosend him bills to sign, he waits -penin hand in vain. But, fortunately, thesame tidal wave that carried our partyto the White House gave us a substan-tial majority in both the Senate andthe House, and uiis President of oursbegan work at once. According to theconstitution he had from March toDecember to rest and look around.But he uia not neea resi, auu at; uiunot care to look around. And so hejust called Congress together and keptCongress together. In all the nation'shistory no Congress has even been insession so long, and no Congress hasbeen more busy while in session, forthe President kept the hopper full.Just as soon as one piece of legislation was ground out he had ano.htrproposition ready to be considered;and working together, they have givenus a record without parallel in the his-I tory of our nation, for no other f es:-dent has ever accompnsnea so muc-ias has Mr. Wilson.Elect Beckham and Camden.I desire first to emphasize the fact,and I desire you to bear in mind, as I- . 3 A A. 4-TCstimen, one to tne long nu uue iu mc.Copyright by Clinedinst, Washington.BRYAN.)uu iu-eieut. QlUilHsyHouse you have done your best in theHouse of Representatives. More thanthat, let me ask you to remember this,too, that the only way in which youcan register your approval of the splendid record of our splendid Presidentis to write it on your ballot on election day.Ballot the Only Way to Express ThatApproval.It is pleasant to have two Republicans meet upon the street and say, "Ishe not doing great work?" But it is ofno avail if they belie their words byvoting for Republicans on election day.You might meet in mass-meeting andby unanimous vote commend the President's course, but if you go to thepolls and vote for Republicans whotie hj hands and paralyze his efforts,you have not lived up to your representation. Let me now call your attention briefly to the larger points of this greatrecord that you may decide for yourselves whether you desire to commendtrie iTesiaent or to condemn. I amnot here td tell you how to vote. IPresidential. I began fighting for a reduction of the tariff thirty-four yearsago, and Kentucky began long beforeI began. You have been a pioneer inthe war of tariff reform, and yourgreat men have stood in the forefrontof this great conflict.Tariff Law the Best.The President, by co-operation withthe Senate and House, has producedthe best tariff law the country has hadsince the Civil War. I speak advisedly, for I was on the committee that prepared the only other tariff reductionlaw that we have ever had in fiftyyears, the law of 1S94. And this lawis better than that law was. That wasthe best lav. that we could get underthose conditions, but we have betterconditions now and we have a betterlaw. This law gives us lower tariffrates than I thought it was possible toget, and it not only gave the peoplerelief the consumers of the countryrelief from the high tariff of the former laws, but it set a nation free. Asl iook DacK over tne campaigns inwhich I have participated I do not recall another campaign until this onewhen they did not bring out the threatof panic to terrorize the nation. Thebeneficiaries of protection who hadtheir hands in the pockets of the nation, who had been making the lawsthat determined the amount that theyshould collect -from the people thesepeople had at every campaign -used apart of the money tliey had collectedby unjust laws to deceive those whocould oe aeceivea, tof purcnase thosethat could "be purchased, and to intimidate those who could be intimidated.Calamity Threats Failed.They had told the farmer that hewould lose his home markets if he reduced the tariff. They had told thelaboring men if they dared to vote fortariff reduction their bread and butter wotyld be taken from them, andthey had warned business men thatthe wheels of Industry and of commerce would stop if they dared to laya hostile "hand on these sacred tariffschedules, and in some of the campaigns they had posted up notices inthe shops that the laborers need notcome back on Wednesday unless theRepublican party was successful. Thisis what they have done, and they haddeceived and misled many hpnest,well-mmaeu persons, ana I supposesome of the more timid ones were al -most afraid to wake up the morningafter that law went into effect, for feardarkness would cover the land. Butwhen they awoke they found the sunrose as usual, they found the soil hadlost none of its fertility, they foundthat the energies of the nation had notUUUltl JUU IC-CiCtl, OUUIICJ LU LlVir I yA I ' , 1 1 fl I tf J used to think in my hunger days thatthey had been fooled, and then the 1 could, tell a Democrat fronf a Republic-r.rf&Tf!nd narf-norsrhin hpf.WPfln -Hip Al.an bv100kinir at him. .hut.! haio hoannfl-Urr nnii Hia Rnnntiliran narrv was1ij.0"vJ V --x- w jr" -j T Idissolved" by retirement ot the seniormember. s t.If President Wilson had done nothing more, he has emancipated the nation from thraldom to the beneficiaries of protection, and now everycitizen of this country can walk up tothe polls and vote as he pleases without fear of being run out of business.The Income Tax. rBut I had another surprise. They madethe tariff rates lower than I expected themto be. I have been in favor of an incometax ever since I have been in politics. 1believed m the tax we had twenty yearsago, and when I think- how we who hadadvocated it were denounced as demagogues and disturbers of the peace, andcalled everything down to anarchists because we favored a 2 per cent tax on incomes, and then when I see a tax to-day.ranging from 1 per cent to 7 'per cent, andthe whole country accepting it, I amashamed of the moderation that characterized our earlier years. Yes, an income' tax of from 1 per cent to 7 per cent,and every dollar of it lessened to thatextent the burden to be borne by thestruggling masses of the country. iot3he man in ten will pay an income tax,for not one man in ten has an income of$3,000, and those whose incomes are lessare entirely free from this burden. Butthese men are exempt.' Why? Becauseunder the other taxes they bear morethan their share, while under the othertaxes the men now taxed with the income tax bear less than their share.Therefore, at least, nine out of every tenare benefited by the income tax, havingtheir own bmden lightened, while thosewho now pay the income tax are onlybearing burdens that heretofore they haveshifted to the backs of others. I say onein ten of all the people. It is better thanthat. Whv, not even one Republican inten will pay an income tax, and the othernine Republicans ought to thank theDemociatic party " for making the onecome up and bear his share. Among theDemocrats not one in thirty will pay anincome tax. Of couise, the Republicanswill pav more income tax than the Democrats. Why should they not? Theyhave the incomes on which to pay, andthat is a pretty good test of what a manhas been getting out of the government.ni -r- in T. n - A Vn V r-l .li rr 4 V Qrnese Jiepuuiicuiis nave ucch iiumms i -oing th national salaries all these years,and they fixed the salaries themselves,and they have been generous to themselves. Not only that, but having thegovernment, they milked it dry. Theyhave been voting favois and privileges tothemselves. Now, having for a generation taken from the people money thatthey ought not to have taken, they oughtto be satisfied, if we let them keep whatJhey got. to pay a little income tax on it.A Itcry or. the Tariff.Whv didn't the .Republican party bilngvou relief in taxation? Why didn't, theRepublican party reduce the tariff? Ithad a chance. All factions and wings ofthe Republican party have had a chance.Taft had a chance, but he didn't improvethe opportunity, and Roosevelt had twiceas long to do nothing in and he didn't doit. Why didn't they reduce the tariff?Let me tell you a story that Illustrateswhj A man went into a clothing store,and when the merchant was not lookinghe snatched a coat and put it on and ranout. As he went out the door the merchant caught sight of him and took afterhim, crying, "Stop thief!" But he didn'tstop. Then the policeman joined in thechase and shouted "Stop thief!" but hedidn't stop, and then the policeman drewhis revolver and said. "Stop or I willshoot," and the merchant became excited and grabbed the policeman and said,"Mister policeman, if you do shoot, shoothim in the pants; the coat belongs tome."Republicans Couldn't Shoot.The Republicanscould not shootthe Iprotection thief, for he was clothed fromhead to root in tne inings tney owneu,and If they went to consider the tarifft eduction, one man said, "Don't reducethe tariff on woolen goods; I make woolpn ernods ." Another said. "Don't touchcotton' goods; I am 'infereated .in the coj-A. .vmrlr. Ititninnnn ' A nHiftl POM "Tf non.. i iKeep iaway from boots and shoes; thatI :. I V18Jbusiness." And so when they went jaround they Tdund some prominent Republican who represented every industryprofited by every schedule. So insteadof i educing, they raised it all around thatthey might have more to contribute tothe next campaign. That Is why the'd.ldnt reduce the tariff. But when theDemociatic party got there it could shootthat thiel iTi' ".-here, fo: t d.an't haveanything on that belonged ti any of its Iijl'' ,-''.-" - -2a---"' " " " iWhvv.'ould not th Republican party ,giVQ us an income tax3 an income tax; i lsmmuiTwne"tired the passage of the income taxrenty .years ago, we had the oppo-we secu1mi tu-w..... .... v. .... -0- " ."- ---sition of all the KemiDlican narty ana abig poit of the Demociatic paity. Whydidn't they tjive you an income tax? Be-cause the men who control the liepubiic- tan naitv we' e tne men wun laige incomes, and th" preferred to put the burden of govei ninent u'pon the poorer member" of" the Republican party that theymlght enjoy the privileges and favorswithout 1. tuiin.g their shaie' of the expenses of go(.nnifnt.Cifrrcr.cy Reform.So. when the taxation crop was laid by, weie leaning against the tree, and theyPresident Wilson then took up the cur- , didn't want to lose their support. Presirencv question and here was another dent Wilson was the first President wequestion upon which the Republicans had ' have had who was free fiom entanglehad every chance. Why didn't the Re-I ments, fiee to take the people's side,publican party refoim the currency? Did M..rfftn nH hp r.i.,it not know that it needed reforming?! McAdoo nd the Banks.You can go back eighteen years and you 1 And then a few days ago Secretary Mcwill find the Republicans had had every , Adoo k-aineKthat some ot the bankschance. Whv currency lefoim but they weie not using the money that they hadiiirin't finvo tn mpsnnt tho nnlv- Uinri nf.bouowed fiom the government. Herefoim that they proposed.When Wall Street Ruled.What a difference between the two sj'stems the old and the new. We had theold system in 11)07 and under the old system il a bank out West or in the Souththat Wall stieet fixed and the man who1got it 4iad indelibly impressed on hismemory that it was a special favor thatmust be paid back on demand, and thenthey attached a sliing to it so th".t theycould diaw it back vnn they wanted itwithout legard to the welfaie rf thccmiriunity. That was the old plan.You had not only to go to Xew York ifyou wanted to bonow your money, Lut ifyou wanted to get your own money sometimes they couldn't sp.ue it. In 1907 theyhad money from the South which theyhad invested in their watered stock; whenthe water was squeezed out they couldn'tv ,let you nave your own money backasked for it and they said no. You askedfor bread and they gave you a stone. Youasked for your money and they gave youclearing-house certificatesAnd whenyou said you had to have money to paym tt r nnfteiTnticr i- vt co 1 1 - 1TU.. .7 a .needed money it had to go-down to Wall, '"" ,"u '."""r ""' "Y? '! v iwstreet to get it and in oiuer to get it it saebs. 1 guess he went to tlie Bible,had to go down on its knees and beg for 1 Tat is one advantage the Democrats; i r? it ,.,r f :- r,, ,r r, tv, t. o ! have over f'e Republicans. He went toyou treat : vour flepositOTS lTe we treat nt5ment of tnis country is overwhelmvouT' And then ?S a night the 5S in thi? law and 1 am going tospiead the conspiracy that was formedfrom ocean to ocean, and the next morning the citizens of the country were notsiTlowed to draw their own money out ofhanks where they had deposited it. Thatwas what happened in 1907. I ask vouhusiness men, I ask you financiers, I askyou Republicans, if that old system brokedown in times of profound peace, wherewould that system be now with a warover half the world.Change i'n Financial Center.Why didn't they give you a currencyi-eform? Because the only kind theythought of was a deforming of the curlency and not a refoiming of it. Theonly plan they had was to fasten moresecurely on you the chains of the moneytrust which they represent. What arethe impoitatit features of this bill thatwe have passed? 1 will just take timeto give you one, and it is the most important. The most important thing aboutmis ,0111 is max it transiers the financialJ center of the country from New York to; Washington. It is only a short distance.a little over 200 miles. The difference isso short that a lobbyist can take thetiain in New York at midnight and be inWashington long enough to bother bothSenators and members of the House before Congress convenes . the next davAnd yet it took over forty years to dragthe center offinance 200 miles.Audience Votes for New System.- l00iea 5 olten " i have not the con-1THE STANDARD BEARER IN THE STATEJ. C. W. BECKHAM,Democratic Nominee fo r United States Senator.1'fulttnce in myself that I used to haefcvueinl times I nave lound a man with .good, honest lace, and 1 hae said, thereIs a Demociat, and on inquiry 1 foundthat he was a Republican. But that hismother was a Democrat. So I do notknow what kind of an audience this is,but I am going to risk my judgment. Iam going to venture the assertion thatnine out ot ten of this audience, Democrats, Republicans, Progiessives or whatnots, will, when I take a vote, vote inlavor of the new system rather than ofthe old one. 1 am going to ask you tovote, and those of you who like the newsystem with the center of finance atWashington better than you do the oldsystem with the center of finance in Wallueet, hold up your hands.iThere was a sea of hands upheld).Now. all of you who would like to goback to the old system and put Wallstieet in charge, let us see your hands.t(Theie was not a hand).'St-e how conservative I was in my opinion. I said ten to one and it is everybodyto nothing. Is it not glorious to thinkthat a Democratic President and a Demo-ciatlc Senate and a Demociatic Houseshould take up the work that a Republican President, Senate and House mighthave done and did not do and do thatwork so well' that even the people thatprotested against the bill while it was. being passed are now indorsing it as thebest financial system that this eounti-v,i- . - -ever sawr.jSat- - - -"Dealing With Trusts.And when they got the currency croplaid by they took up the trust questionaru we alieady have two measures passed. The first provides for a trades commission that will, as far as an administrative body can do it. protect us fromthe trust evil. Then theie is the Claytonlaw, signed or to be signed shortly, forit iuib uasaed botn Houses, and the Piesjjent nas already signified his ;That Clayton law prohibits int'2 rates. That Clavton lawanDro wil,ck:nl:prohibitsaiscrimmation in price anu tnat vMsycr.iuW- gives to the laboring men whaT aTS 'have been trying for eightn yeais tol"".r.r -re torrfoHl government&,. uJuiTottuand it makes a distinction-i,.t ov.eht to have been drawn in thebeginning botv.'St-fl a man's "Jkoor, whichis a part oi nimser? and inanimatethings v. e call tfieTchandiae. That is, what I..3S Been done :&o lar in that line.li fS" th first time we have had a Pres-luent who daied to lay the ax at thej root cf the tree. Why did not PresidentTaft ila the ax to the root of the tree'.'1 Why did not Pi evident Roosevelt lay the1 ax to the root of the tree? Because theyi Inii-ioil tior siiinu if thpirt in:tpnfl rflending it out as banks should to meetthe needs ot their communities, were piling up leseives unnecessarily high, andit was causing tiouble, and he lookedaround to see what he could do. Now1 have not had a chance yet to ask himthe Bible end lie- found a case that justfitted th.s one. He found the parable ofthe talents. He lound that one of themen who had received one talent, insteadof using it, wiapped if in a napkin andhid it 111 the Kiith, and he found that,according to the Bible.' when the masterof the house came he called up this manv. ho had xelused to use his talent and hetook it fiom him and gave it to thosewho would use it.I guess that McAdoo said that is thething to do; and he just issued a noticethat if any bank got money fi-om the government and, instead of using it to help' the business of the community, wrappedXL up in u Jjuprwu tf.uu iiiu u 111 111c vuuii,it must give it back, thatit might bewould use it.vipg a Presi-given to some banks tnatThat is what comes of havipgdent on the side of the people.Now, my fiiends, I believe thattheput my judgment to the test. 1 do notknow just what kind of an audience wehave. It looks good to me. But I cannot tell how many Republicans are here.It is so hard nowadays, when the Republicans are finding out the error ofT. . i ..., - M. ..tn 3 t.tneir ways, to ten nepuuiicans ana uem- , 'y jiivcbukuuuh ami lar pass'ons 10ocrats apart. They even try to laugh side and for reason to resume its swltyslike Democrats, so I don't know what and the contracting parties agree tTwf.rkind of an adience this, is. j they will not declare war or begin iMfl- '7Merchant Marine. t,Ht,iS Until the cessati" of that ti-I have now given you a few of the Americans Are Proud of Wltaoiu-t;larger things. I might call your attention j These, my friends, are a""part ofOwv'to the fact that the Republican party for rpcmd nf wwi,r.w wsioa X,i i iZza generation has been talking of a mer-phant marine, but the Dpmocratic nartvchant marine, but the Democratic partystarted a mei chant marine without talking about it. And I may remind you thatthe Republican leaders who have spent ageneration trying to belittle the patriotism and intelligence of the Democraticparty, that the Republican leaders whohave beep telling the nation that theDemocratic party did not have intelli-gence enough to conduct this government,find that after the Demociatic party hasproceeded to do the things that the Republican party ought to have done andundo many of the things that the Republican party has done that those leadersdare not challenge the nation's judgmenton one single measure of the Democraticparty and now in this campaign are trying to dodge the issue and instead oftalking about permanent things that havebeen accomplished try to befog you withthe details of the temporary measure called ttfe war tax that is not yet formed.That is the situation. -They are not-readyon.'They are not-ready: on these things thatrty has done, but theyf '- f," .ft Jto meet the issuethe Democr&ti" t kIBKXtci.'. .. -. '.-M k, ..sitry to take advantage cf the war thathas torr.e, tome without iny fault on thpart of the Democratic party or of thenation, and while the President is tryingto protect the business interests of thiscountry, and instead of withdrawing thmoney from the banks and thus compelling the banks to withdraw moneyfrom business and cripple business, he hasthe courage to ask the American peopleto take this burden upon themselves forthe protection of the country.The President and InternationalProblems.1And while he has been solving the problems at home, he has had to bear a loadin the nature of international problemsheavier than often falls to the lot of aPresident. These troubles are not of his.making. Some of them were inheritedfiom a previous administration. The Mexican situation developed before the President took the oath of office. In Februaryprior to the 4th of March, Huerta turnedagainst the President under whom, heserved and by an act of high treason thatwould have justified his execution in anycivilized country of the world made aprisoner of his President and then allowed him to be assassinated while he washis captive. And you will find in the records of the State Department a telegram,which Huerta sent to President Taft, "L.have overthrown the government." - .And then this man had the impudenceto ask President Wil3on to recognize hiraas President .of Mexico. But PresideritWilson said "No." He couldn't overlookthe methods employed and he could not.ignore the fact that this man had by'force of arms extended a hateful des--potismover an unwilling people. He be-gan his policy of watchful waiting, ancfcannounced that, instead of using forcedhe would use moral pressure, and thjanethe Republicans began to laugh 'uWatchful waiting and jeer at moral pressure.The Republican leadeis demanJed thatKe recognize Huerta and the Jingo Republican press wanted to know why he ruiujvt sena an army to ..uexico to ioldeT there. && -Bat he stood firm, and finally, byrestoreBat he stood firm, and finally, by push--in? and nushiner and Dushinsr. he pushed!Huerta out of Mexico and across the Atlantic, giving an oppressed people chanceto secuie economical refoims. And just:about that time war bioke out in Europe,.and then the people had a chance to seeathe difference between the methods employed here and there: and the mothers-of this country, whose hearts are sad as-they sympathize with the sorrowing,mothers of 13uiope, fiom 'whose homes-,the breadwinners have been drawn, to thesbattle fiont these mothers whose sons.if the President had allowed himself, tovbe coeiced by the Republican leaders,might now be perishing upon foreign soltiin an unnecessary war these mothersought to thank God for a President whokept peace in the western woild.Whei e, 1 ask you, would this nation, be -to-dayif, when an opportunity such as .never has come before and may nevercome again, it were not in position toimprove that opportunity? And howcould we be the peacemaker of the world "Jif we ere busy trying to kill our brothers in the republic acioss the Rio Grande?"Here stands a nation the diplomatic clearing house of all the world. Go into thecountries that are at war, and everywhere ou will find all the business be-ing done by the American Embassy and.the Aroexican legation, and while these,things have been accomplished the President has put his powei-ful influence backof a peace plan that has spread morerapidly that any other peace plan everspiead. It has been only a year and a.half "ince it was proposed, and yet it has.been indoised in principle by almost every important nation in the world. Thir-ty-l'j.urnations, altogether, and we have-twenty-nine treaties signed."They used to talk of these little treatios. but they talk of little treaties nomoie, for five of them signed on September 15. included Great Britain, Trance,.-,Spain, China and Russia, five govern"- -mentsthat exercise authority over more-1 than one billion human beings and wenot only have these treaties that link us.to something like three-quarters efc. all-the people on God's footstool, but in ac' lion id this we have Jhe principle, dorsed by Germany and Austria anaople on God s footstool, but in aMi-fHA-Ifrtfbelieve that before we celebrate again thbirthday of the Prince of Peace we shalj yue milieu uy mose weaues to eyry important nation in the world aha theM "treaties provide that whenever any dte -putearises, no matter what kind of adispute it is, if it defies diplomatic set- 'tlement, it must be submitted for inveg--''tigatlon to a pennanent. DUeinatialiytJ--bunaland j! yrTstv: must h rtMt..fv u...nt:.i.-I. .- - . r. Senate and the House that have stood K?hint f v.1, -ixr,.i . 1...1.. "m.s 'who has made such a record a tfcat? - ,iNo. you woum not rebuke him, not if. Cyou could take him off in some quiet -placeand whisper his condemnation la-'his ears, but you can not find a quiet. -("":. mere is no ODSCure mace to.which you can take your- President and' Ij visit your condemnation on him ife vouiWOuld. He stands before the worlrf mptands where all the world looKS "on. lWif you humiliate him you must humiliate -himin the eyes of all mankind. Bur, myfriends, you will not do it. Tou are proJdTof this President. You glory in a chij?executive who has Hfted the Am$ricMnag until it is seen the world arouh.What will you do? Will, you haul downthat flag? No. I believe when elctJocomes not only will all the Demeemtamarch, side by side and express theirapproved by,, their ballots, but I bAtva..Xow ist tjieltime: to. forget diff.rAcMDf .pSjUjiJItand hy WlJm aT3S -&hiBr dSgd toward W" "'-' - " -;, 'JMmmuiMua. iOi .uepuDiicans. win aavetf-jbegan this fight.'4Jut v&ai been' gug'JTVW ,, T .t K ' 1.- HrM-ri, '" -'k.- . ' s ' t., -W-'-V"-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARISKENTUCKY, OkJTOBER 2S, 1914,, , -a- ' mp fdbThe Bourbon 'Newstshcd 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication.W1FT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Catered at the Pans, Kentucky,' Poetoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayMR. FRED BATTERTON TOGO TO THE PHILIPPINES.Through the United States "War De-pwtment at Washington, Mr. FredBatterton, of this city, has receivedam appointment as Inspector of Fibreslor the Philippine Islands, and Willsoon leave to take up his duties. Theappointment of Mr. Batterton was secured through the warm recommendation of United States Senator J. N.Camden and Congressman J. Campbell Cantrill.Mr. "Batterton's duties will be toact as United States inspector ofhemp, jute and manilla destined forthe United States as soon as theyaxe ready to be loaded on the American vessels for shipment to this country. Mr. Batterton has had a large experience in the hemp business, havingTteen connected with the firm of E."P. Spears & Sons for many years,-during which time he has had ample opportunity of getting a thorough knowledge of the fiber and itspossibilities. He is a young man ofrecognized ability and has a host offriends here and in other cities inCentral Kentucky, where he has beenstationed in the interest of his firm,whose good wishes will follow him tohis new home in the land of Igorotes.2&r. Batterton will have as a coworker and companion Mr. EmersonCfalloway, whose appointment in asimilar capacity was made some timeago, and who it now en route to thejscene of his future labors.SUPPLEMENTAL REGISTRATION.If you want to vote at any electionin the coming year, all who failedto register at the regular registration,on Oct. 6, must register on any oneof three days, Monday, Tuesday orWednesday, Oct. 26, 27 and 28. Thisis an important matter if you wish tovote in the, Senatorial election in,the coming primary.BUYS TABERNACLE.Mr. C. A. Ellis, the well-known insurance man of Paris, has purchasedfor a private price the large frameTabernacle, now being used for theHam-Ramsey gospel meetings. Theiraflding will be removed from itspreeeat location, on Seventh street.SAVE PENALTY"The time is aboutup -for paying CityTaxes. Pay NOW andsave 1 0 per cent penalty.yyllllllllll'! .- - - It tI !New Fall and WinterWe now have on displays the newestdesigns of Late cAutumn and WintercTWillinery. Dress jr Hats for afternoonand evening wear are the feature of thfrdisplay.EARLY SELECTIONS ARE f,c7Wain Street,"NTURKJEYS MUST ROOST HIGH.Turkey buyers are said to be makingtheir rounds in this section of Kentucky investigating the quality andsupply of the proud bird of Thanksgiving the turkey. According to a'(Bourbon county farmer prices ofthirteen cents a pound on foot have Jbeen offered for turkeys in some lo-cahties, but the farmers are not selling very rapidly as it is believed thatthe price will go up to fifteen tentsper pound. In that event there willbe many people in the cities, andsome of them about the size of Paris,who will liave to revise their plansabout having a Thanksgiving dinnerwhere the turkey will pose as thepiece de resistance, and invest inrabbit meat or somthing else that isnot quite so straining on the pocketbook.If the buyers have to pay fifteencents per pound in the country theLord only knows what the poor consumer in 'the towns will have to payfor the bird for which we all aresupposed to return thank when weare able to get one."BISHOP DAY" OBSERVED.About eighty delegates representingthe different Episcopal Churches ofthe Lexington Diocese, attended theexercises of "Bishop Day," in thiscity, Wednesday, and among the visiting clergymen were Bishop L. W.Burton and Dean slassie, of ChristChurch Cathedral, Lexington. Theprogram as previously published inthe News, was carried out, and all itsfeatures were especially enjoyable.One of the youngest representatives,Miss Reid, of Newport, had an unusually pleasing address on "PersonalResponsibility."The ladies of the Guild of St.Peter's Church entertained the visitors and delegates at a luncheon inthe church parlors at noon, where theywere served with old ham, chickensalad, pea timbales, beaten biscuits,hot buttered rolls, olives, pickles,coffee and ices.HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETICS.The basket ball teams of the ParisHigh School have been doing activepractice work for some days, and aregetting in good shape for the coming season. Practice games will beplayed between the boys' and girls'teams until the first regular gamesof the league season, which will beplayed sometime in December atMaysville with the team of the Maysville High School.At the end of the league seasonall the teams will go to Cynthianawhere competitive games will beplayed in a tournament series for theBluegrass Championship.NEW PROCESS HEATER.Let the New Process Gas Heaterdo your heating. Sold byA. F. WHEELER & CO.DON'T FAIL TO REGISTER.Voters who were out of the city orill on the regular registration day,Oct. 6, may register at the supplemental registration to be held at the officeof the County Clerk on Monday,Tuesday and Wednesday, Oct. 26, 27and 28.-1-JL X a.EXCLUSIVEMILLINERYADVISABLE!Embryo C&EastCARLISLE -IS "PEEVED."The discontinuance of the Sundaytrains on the Maysyijfe branch of, theLouisville & Nashville road, betweenParis and Carlisle calls forth thesecomments from Editor Tilton, of theCarlisle Advocate:"It does appear the L. & N. R. R.Co. has given its patrons on theMaysville branch a 'cold deal' by taking off the only Sunday train running on the road.""Wonder if it woi:d be too expensive on the L. & N. to run a handcar down the Maysville branch onSunday. This would give us mail anddaily paper service, inasmuch as weare compelled to stay at home.""A man with means made thestatement while in the Carlisle RealEstate office Monday, that he wouldsubscribe $20,000 worth of stock in acompany to extend the interurbanline from Paris to this city. Thissounds like business.""Edward Stump, local newsdealerinformed the Advocate that he hasmade satisfactory arrangements withthe daily publishers whereby he willfurnish his patrons with Sundaypapers, same arriving in this cityabout noon from Paris. Representatives of the Herald and Courier-Journalwere here yesterday in regard tothe matter."PARIS TO MEET THE MIL-LERSBURG FOOT BALL TEAMWhat may prove to be one of thebest game of the season will be played off at White Park at 3:30 o'clockthis afternoon, when the footballelevens of the Paris High School andthe Millersburg Military Institute willmeet on the field in a contest, forgridiron honors. The Millersburgteam has been in some excitingscrimmages and earlier in the seasondefeated the Paris team.The M. M. I. warriors have alsotested the metal of other good teams,and given a good account of themselves. The Paris team has made agood showing in former games againstmore experienced teams, and with areturn of confidence born of experience and by dint" of hard practiceunder a capable coach, it is expectedthey will give the college, boyssomeething to work for.This will be the initial game of thepresent season on the local grounds,and for the sake of boosting the hometeam a large crowd should be fresent this afternoon when the signal isgiven for play.The line-up for Paris will be as follows :Elder, center; Tackett, left end;San ten or -Woods, left tackle; Wagner, left guard; Templin, right guard;Redmon, right tackle; McShane, rightend; Lavin, quarter back; Adair,fullback; Connell, T., right half;Hutchcraft, left half; Clayton, Kingand Payne, substitutes; Nihart,coach.To the wife of Mr. Ullman Lancaster, on Monday, a son.To the wife of Mr. Charles V.Higgins, near Paris, formerly MissHazel Morris, of Paris, a son.Models4X:x.-Go.4xBRTHSLexington, KyeTHE PUNSTERS' CLUB DJS-CUSSES COST OF LIVING.The upward tendency of the pricesof necessities since the war startedin Europe was under discussion recently at the headquarters of theParis branch of the AmalgamatedOrder of Presistent funsters, and ofcourse it was dis-cussed from everypossible viewpoint. President Dr.Chas. C. Daugherty, after hearing theopinions of several aired in their ownpeculiar fashion, remarked:"I belive I can give an explanationfor the soaring of the prices of someof these things. Now, for instance, ifyeast should be boosted it would bequite natural, for the manufacturerswant it to rise. Clothing would followsuit, I suppose, and, of course, wouldnot bolt the proposition.""That's all right, too," chipped inGus Fee. "And there's, a' chance thatpins might go up in order to stickwith the rest, and needles might soarin order to keep an eye on the pins.""That's a well taken point, Gus,"interposed the president, as he performed an operation on the end of aPerfecto, "and now, beef has gone up,I suppos in order to steer the ownersrigftt and flour followed the rise inorder to ' show that it was wellbread.""Well, now," said Judge HarmonStit, "Sugar is pretty sweet on thehigh prices and the honey wouldcomb the pocket book. Coal willfollow th,i& winter because 'it Willinaturally want to be on the firingline. And the vegetables would trailalong to beat the fruits and keepthem in pickle."Rudolph Davis hadn't said verymuch, but after a mighty effort hemanaged to unload: "Fruits wouldn'trun behind, for they would want topear off with the vegetables and getsome of the plums."Frank Roche piped up from a distant corner: "Beer might go hoppingalong with the rest, and of course,whisky would follow in order to keepup its spirits. And you know shoeswould be along the uppers and hosewould not be many feet behind,and ""Here, here, I'm going to beat youto it, Frank,"' exclaimed ''Daddy"Davis, "Don't you think that tobaccowould join the rest in order to keepnear the smoke of battle,""Automobiles might stay in therunning," broke in Charlie Webber.George Howard couTdn't stand thetemptation any longer. All the company knew from the expression of hisface thath e was going to break' outin spots. George got ready, and"Aeroplanes might fiy with the company," George said, so he did. "andthen balloons would be flying high."Away down the line there came anoise like gathering thunder, and Dr.George Varden got into action. "Allmeats would be forced to meet thehigh prices," he said "and coffeewould drink it all in. Then if thetea leaves the coffee will have goodsgrounds for divorce."At this juncture the hubbub becamedeafening and the president was forced to adjourn the meeting, with theannouncement that at the next meeting Dr. Struby would favor the assembly with a delightful little skitentitled, "Bits of By-Play from theNicotine Sisters, Maduro and Claro."JOHN McCORMACK TO APPEAR IN LEXINGTON.John McCormack, the famous Irishtenor, who is to make his first appearance in Lexington, to-morrow,- Saturday, October 24, when he gives thefirst of The Studio Club Concert series is doubtless the best known concert singer of the present day.The admiration in which he is heldby the public- amounts to a positivefurore; he is actually beseiged withattentions and expressions of admiration. But such a great artist is hei that he goes unconscously singing on1 ""J ' "J 31",l"j 111C 3UU&J KJL 1UG,me songs or home and childhood, ofvouth and hoDe. of maturity and nnn-temptation, of old age and retarosepection. And always he sings with thatabandon to his art, that gracious,care-free Celtic manner that has endeared him to the hearts of Americans. His repertoire includes the deepestsongs of the ages and the highest,most bouyant ballads, with all thegraduations of artistic expression between the extremes.Never is heard after his concerts,"It was too much for me." Becauseeven in his most technical efforts heexpresses a sympathy and exuberancethat always gets "over the footlights" into the souls of his audiences.Nor can his concerts be said to lackin stability, in real appeal to musicians, because in his lighest songs heexpresses a depth of feeling, a trueinsight asd appreciation, qualitieswhich added to his truly marvelossvoice make John McCormack one ofthe foremost artists of the day.To miss this opportunity of hearingMr. McCormack is to miss the mostpopular musical trea. ever offered toa Lexington audience. His 'bigsweet, joyous voice will thrill thehearts, of, without doubt, the largestaudience of music lovers ever gathered in Lexington, when he stands before his listeners in the WoodlandPark Auditorium on Oct. 27. advTHE BEST HEATER AND RANGEGet the New Process Gas Rangeand Heater, from the leading stoveman.A. F. WHEELER & Cp.STOCK AND FARM NOTES.Mr. C. B. Dale, of Mt Sterling,purchased of JVIr. Richard H. Wills,of Paris, a fine 'mare by HighlandGay, for $180.At Mt. Mt. Sterling, court day,Mr. J. Elmer Boardman, of LittleRock, purchased twelve head of 765pound cattle, at $7 per hundred.SAVE YOURDOAL BILLS.When you get ready to lav in vourWW,f"ltiilHHMWolf, Wile & Co.formerly Jfaufman, Straus dc Co.exington, KLy.m Fall Even) I itReduced Price Sale ofWoolen Dress GoodsFor Two, Weeks, Beginning October19 and Ending October 31 , 1914;Not a family in this city or vicinity can afford to overlook this ONE greatest opportunity to buy a ladies',misses' or child's woolen dress length or skirt lengtr ofthese choice woolens. They are the best American WoolMaterials," woven on American made machinery. Theirvalues are from $1.25 ta $2.50 a yard.CHOICE FOR TWO WEEKS,75c a Yard ,At the extreme low price above quoted and to fosterthe idea of using Merchandise Made in America, it cansafely be stated that all our customers from Lexington andthe neighboring cities and counties will avail themselves ofthis two weeks' offer and that they will emphasize theirintention to buy preferablyAmerican-Made GoodsWe are contributing OUR share of promoting the everincreasing demand for goods made in our own country bythe total disregard of profits in this two weeks WoolenGoods Sale.The anticipation of,a large business on these materialsabove offered prompts"us to state in advance that no samples will be cut from this special offer lot of merchandise,none of them will-be held for later delivery except on out:right purchase.WOLF, WILE & CO.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, KentuckyifrtfrTHEATRICAL9 Columbia Theatre To-day."A Lucky Deception" Txvo-part(Nestor) comedy A boy masquerades as his chum's wife to preventthe chum being disinherited. Whathappens is killingly funny. Both boyswin fortune and wives. How?.. ..A Midnight Visitor (Rex.) A cleyerly thought up offering that will givegood entertainment. This has beenpictured in such a way as to bring outa sure laugh when the true inwardness of the situation is revealed to us.One other picture will be shown,entitled "The Trials of Alexander,"HOUSEKEEPERS.Get the Xew Process Gas Heaterand Range the kind that saves youmoney and work!A. P. WHEELER & CO.GARLANDSTOVESANDRANGESIfi'- - -?MI -'" IQuality Unexcelled.Prices Lower Than Most., Satisfaction Guaranteed.Paris 0as $ electric Co.! f4ffttt MltilfcifllllHwL4'f H"M'About the time a bride gets thelast grain of rice out of her hair shebegins to acquire the instinct of aprivate detective.Great OpportunityFor BourbonCounty.You never had a better opportunity for Money-Savingthan right no ,v, when you 'cango to theClosing Out Sa feOP THECINCINNATI STOREand lay in your suDply ofCLOTHING, SHOES, MILLINERY, SKIRTS, WAISTS,CLOAKS, FURNISHINGSand DRY GOODSat your own price.Don't Delay As A!Ithe Best Things GoFirst.4fr.:tt&&fr&SrUNION CENTRAL.I LIFE INSURANCE CO.524444Strongest Company.Lowest Net Rate.Miss Kale AlexanderI AGENTtI I ALSO SOLICITFire, Windvand AutomobileInsuranceand will greatly aopreciateyour consideration.4U1CC PiTP lirviunrn 44-444-4.kk aiaaaaAaa.'' ' X -winter coal we can save you money.. Phones 336. . ' --Vs (15-tf) -f A J. H, BATTERTON-V 'Incorporated)'M"jfrM''frfJi I It t I'MM 1 1 1 inv..$4,r-V- vAt IWlsf"&-rf. vv,A"K?i-'.v "1" -.r?' BOftBd, Nf WS PAWS, KgNtVOtY, OCTOBER 3, 1914..H.HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADESAVE PENALTY.The time is aboutup for paying CityTaxes. Pay NOW andsave 1 0 per cent penalty.SOGIALANPERSONALxne rury of the woman whogets into trouble and sees hername in the papers is as noth-mg compared with the scornthe woman who riives aGOLD FISH.PARLIAMENTARY 'CLMJl.Just received atOBERDORFER'S DRUG STORE.AID SOCIETY TO MEET.The Ladies' Aid Society of the Presbyterian Church will hold an all-daymeeting in the parlors of the churchon Tuesday, Oct. 27.ofparty and finds that her nameis not printed in the papers.Moral Send us the newsand see that we get it.REGISTRATION DAYS.Don't forget .that Monday, Tuesdayjud Wednesday, Oct 26, 27 and 28ae supplemental registration days,V en voters who were absent fromtie city or ill on the regular registration day may register in the CountyClerk's office.D. OF C. TO ELECT OFFICERS.?Tew officers to serve during thecoming year will be elected at theregular, nidnthly meeting of theDaughters of the Confederacy, to beheTd in their rooms in the court houseSaturday. All members are urged toh present at this meeting.MR. McGINLEY INJURED.Mr. Henry McGinley, car inspectorin the South Paris yards of the Louisville and Nashville, while attemptiz , to board a train Wednesdayn ruing, stepped upon a loose stone, 1aad was thrown to the ground, susta'ning a badly wrenched knee.EVERY LOAD GUARANTEED.We guarantee every load of coaltn eive satisfaction. Phones 336.(15-tf)J. H. BATTERTOX.REVIVALCSERVICES.Revival services will begin in theMethodist Church on Sunday, November 22. Rev. Dr. Coursey, one of themost noted revivalists and singersengaged in evangelical work, willconduct the services, which promiseto be of the greatest interest. Fallowing in the wake of the Ham-Ramseymeetings it is expected that theirood results accomplished by thesemeetings will bear fruit in the addi-Jtion of many members to the cmircnBOWLING COMPETITION.Parfisians are taking to the bowlinggame as naturally as the proverbialduck does to the proverbial water.The local alleys ha-re been well pationized, and some good scores markedup The best score yet made is 225,bowled by Luther Mclntyre. WalterDavis has the good record of 194 madein three sanies. The alleys -havenosted notice of a prize of a 5 pairof shoes fo five acres, Mrs. Jennie Whaley has returnedfrom a business .trip to Cincinnati.Miss Margaret Douglas is a guestof friends and relatives in LexingtonMisses Mary and Nora Woodshave returned from a visit to friendsin Cincinnati.Mr. D. T. Bowen and familyhave moved from this city to Carlisle to reside.Mr. Teddy Shannon, of this city,has accepted a position on the Carlisle Democrat.Misses Jeanette Brooks and IreneSchadler, of Louisville, are guests ofMrs. irranK Kiser.Miss Bettie Boyd, guest of MissHazel Duvall, has returned to herhome in Carlisle.Mrs. Sylvester Saunders is seriously ill with typhoid fever at herhome on West street.Miss Caby Forman, of Lexington,was a guest of Miss Frances Hancock,Tuesday and Wednesday. . 'Mrs. Shelton Roberts is improving from a seriouo illness at theMassie Memorial Hospital.Col. and Mrs. E. F. Clav. Sr..have gone to Eustis, Fla., to remainduring the coming winter.Mrs. Mary Fitzgerald has return-1ed to her home in Covington, aftera visit to Mrs. Jack Woods. JMr. M. S. Gosney, of Menzies. JPendleton county, visited his brother-jn-lav,J. L. Day, last week.-urs. james u. Jjurnaw has returned from a visit to the family ofDr. H. B. Brunaw, in Carlisle.Mrs. W. O. Brock has returnedto Winchester, after a visit to herdaughter, Mrs. Frank White.Among the visitors here yesterday were Mr. James O'DonneU andMr. John M. Brown, of Carlisle.Mr. and Mrs. Cal Holt and son, ofGrand Rapids, Mich., are guests ofrelatives and friends in the county.Mr. and Mrs. Woodford' Danielhave as guests at their country homeMr. Emmett O'Neal, of Lonisville.Mrs. William R. Hukill and Mrs.Thos. McDonald are visiting Mrs. M.H. Davis, in Mayslick, Mason county.Miss Corinne Collins left yesterday for a visit to Ms. RaymondSpencer, at Hyde Park, near Cincinnati.Ky., is a guest of her daughters,Mrs. M. il. Highland and Mrs. JoeJames.Miss Georgia Boston, of Winchester, is visiting her uncle, Dr.Frank Fithian, and other relatives,in this city.Mrs. John Doty and MasterAllen Boiling returned yesterdayfrom a visit to ' friends and relativesin Sharpsburg.The birthday anniversary of theParliamentary Club- was observed atthe home of Miss Clara Belle O'Neill,Wednesday afternoon at 3:45 o'clock,by a parliamentary drill conductedby Mrs. Walter Payne.The officers for 1314-15 are as follows : 'Pl'PRlfiemf- ATlo 1?nnninKn11 Oii1-.. Pr1 a n t-x"WARNING NOTICE.Vice-President Mrs. Walter Payne.Secretary Mrs. A. H. Morehead.Treasurer Mrs. T. A. Hendricks.Auditor Mrs. Mary Walker.The standing committees follow:Program Mesdames Lowry, Wills,L.ucas and Burnaugh.Ways and Means Mesdames Walker, Wilmouth, Kerslake and Highland.Membership Mesdames Vansant,Dailey, Payne and Morehead.Time and Place Mesdames Stuart,Alexander and Miss O'Brien.Press Mesdames Goeein. Hen-idricks, Dundon and Talbott.rTHE .KENTUCKBUILDING SOUVENIRS.The Kentucky Building Commission having in charge the raising offunds for the purpose of erecting aKentucky Building at the PanamaExposition at San Francisco, hasplaced Miss Flora Hill, of Paris, incharge of the work of disposing ofthe souvenir watfch fobs, charmsand pocket pieces authorized by theCommission. Thesq ,are v(itableworks of art, modeled in bronze andretail for $1.00 each. The proceedswill be applied to the building fund.Miss Hill will visit the people ofParis and the county and every patriotic Bourbon 'County man or woman who wants to have our -Statefitly represented at the great Exposition should purchase one of thesesouvenirs. They have been placedon display in the show window of theParis Book Company.Drivers of vehicleand automobilesare warned against violating thetraffic regulations or Paris. All drivers are cautioned to keep to the rightof the street, and, when stopping,must be on the right side of the streetin the direction they are going.Drivers of automobiles are herebywarned that violations of the speedlaw and all other traffic regulationswill be enforced to the letter.FRED LINK,(2Q-tf) Chief of Police.THEVIIIIIIIThe Clarke's Remedies:JOP 1REL1G0USTuesday, Oct. 27, 1914,8:jt5 P. M.Woodland ParkAuditoriumLEXINGTON. KY.We now own all the patents an d copyrights of the late Dr.Chas. J. Clarke. Dr. TJpington will continue to put up these reliable remedies under the original Clarke formula, and we willhave them in stock at all times.Among the best known are Clarke's Nerve Ease, Clarke's Tonic, Clarke's Face Powder, Parisine Cream, Clarke's Tooth Wash,and Clarke's Cough Medicine.Also- the following Poultry and Live Stock Remedies: Clarke'sLimberneck and Roup Remedy, Clarke's Liquid Poultry Tonic,Clarke's Gape .Remedy, Condition Powder for Stock, and Clarke'sHog Remedy.We want to supply these preparations to their many old friendsand know they are deserving of new friends. We recommendespecially Clarke's Nerve Ease for headache, and neuralgia, andClarke's Limberneck and Roup Remedy for Poultry disorders.1These preparations have all been thoroughly tested and hayeproven their merit.Your prescriptions accurately filled.-. t .St. Peter's Episcopal Church, Rev.G. H. Harris, rector; Sunday school'9:30 a. m., service and sermon at10:45 a. m.Prof. Calohun, Dean of the BibleCollege at Transylvania University,is conducting a protracted meeting atthe Clintonville Christian Church, thefirst service being held Monday night,and so far there have been two additions. Prof. Calhoun is a scholarlypreacher, and his sermons are beingenjoyed by large audiences.The Missionary Convention of theEbenezer Presbytery of the SouthernPresbyterian Church is in session atthe Millersburg Presbyterian Churchfor a two-days' session. About fiftydelegates from the various churchesof the counties in the district are inattendance."iniins totaling the highest score.contest will end November 25.ELLIS PROPERTY SOLDThe"Mrs Maria Bedford purchased at jpublic auction Wednesday afternoonthe seven-room frame residence ofat,. npnrrfi W. Ellis, on Cypress.frlof fnr S4.000. Lot No.OIK-VSV, -.- -T- , , ,ing the residence, was purcuau u.vMr E F. Elder, 6f Lexington, for ?1,&00 Lot No. C adjoining the residence, was purchased by Mr. RoyClendenin, for $700.Mr. Ellis and family will, as soonhe "disposes of his Fans interestMrs. J. R. Richards, who recentlyunderwent an operation at the Mas-duck ' sie Iemorial Hospital, is reported asDemg on ine roau to recovery.Mrs. Kate Eginton, who has beenI a guest of Mr. ami Mrs. James McI Clure, in this city, is now a guest ofMr. and Mrs. W. P. -Winn, in Winchester.Miss Anna Louise White was athome from Friday to Monday fromSayre Institute at Lexington, to2 adjoin- j visit her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Frankvvnue.Mrs. W. F. Everhardt, who hasbeen visiting relatives near Shawhan,has returned to her home in Frankfort,accompanied by he- sister,. MissLizzie LaRue.move to a farm he recently purchased Airs. Frank P. Kiser, Miss Marynonv Tavlorsville, in Spencer county, j Ashbrook, Mrs. Idella Rice, Miss. . Jeanett Brooks and Mr. Ed. Sparks,BUYS BOURBON FARM. x were visitors in Winchester this- i v.eett,TIir heirs ot the late vu-s.ByronMcClelland have purcliaseu oljh.Otis Bacon, of Wichita Falls, Texas,a sister of Mrs. Sallie Smith McClelland, the farm on the Houston &Antioch Mills pike, containing o3Mcres, in this county, at a private' Mrs. Bacon, who is the wife of Mr.Otis Bacon, formerly of Pans, also-old her interest in the McClellandllnlding and nine other valuable par-d5 of Lexington business property,- the same buyers, at a private price.A CHAPTER OF ACCIDENTS.Miss Boehm, Superintendent of theMassie Memorial Hospital, sustainedevere bruises Wednesday by being-hrown from a pony cart. The pony-he was driving ran away,, throwing,ier to the ground. Miss Boehm waslot seriously injured. .Mrs. J. W. Huffman was painfullturned about the neck and face at herIiome on lower Main street, yester-iav at noon, when the flames from a-as range flashed up in her face, ashe was stooping over the range to'urn out the gas. By rare presence otmind, Mrs. Huffman kept trom muu-ing Ihe fiames, and saveairom serious internal injuriesMr. Robin Horton,. of the dispatcher's office of the Louisville &Nashville, at this point, has gone toHuntington, W. Va., for a visit ofseveral weeks.Rev. J. J. Taylor, pastor of theFirst Baptist Church, of Knoxville,Tenn., is here attending the HamRamsey revival meeting.Money Lost.Somewhere in Paris on Friday, Oct.16, a bill book containing $90 in currency, as follows. 2 twenty dollarbill; 2 ten dollar billsand 6 five dollar bills. A liberal reward will bepaid for its recovery.' JAMES GINN,Cumberland Phone 864,(23oct-3t) Paris, Ky.TREES!Fruil and Shade Trees, Shrubs,Grape Vines, Rhubarb, Asparagus, Peonies, Phlox,Roses, Etc. ,Everything for Orchard, Lawnand Garden.No Agents. Free Catalogs.SEATS:$3, $2.50, $2, $1.50, $1On Sale AtThe Ardery Drug Co.Clarke's Old Stand.i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i'i.i..:..:..:.i''i.i.'i"i"ii'i"i"i"i"i"i"ivVThomas, Woodford& BryanFIRE, WIND AND LIGHTNINGINSURANCEt ON' TOBACCO AND BARNS..C. R BROWER'SiiMain and Broadway,Lexington, Ky.4.PROMPT SETTLEMENTS.F. HILLENMEVERIIS SONS 1Lexington, Kentucky,20oclmMr. and Mrs. Dan Morris and little daughter, Miss Margaret, who have I ?been visitiDg here and attending the jTabernacle meetings, have returned j 5to their home in Lexington.herseliFORMER GOV. WILLSONADDRESSES LARGE CROWD.TTnrmpr Rnv. AUSUStUS WillSOnHepublican candidate for the UnitedStates Senate in opposition to Former Gov. J. C. W. Beckham, theDemocratic nominee, spoke to a largeaudience at the Court House, yester:lay afternoon, in the interest of hisandidacy.Mr. James Shea introduced JudgeVjuis Bristow, of Georgetown, who.'ii a brief speech, introduced Gov..Villson to the audience.Mr. Willson made a speech of twc'Ours, in which he presented his''rinis for the Senatorship in -a char-'1rrisVc Willson speech.During his stay here 'Mr. Wilson" the guest of the local RepubncaDr. Geo. L. Rankin has recover- jed from the effects of an operation 1 qrecently performed at the Massie 1 9Memorial Hospital for appendicitis,and was able to be af his office thisweek.Messrs. Frank Gratf, J. W.Tavlor. Jesse Napier, H. J. Groscheand John Connell returned last nightfrom a successful fishing trip at theWinchester reservoir, on the Ken-tucky river.Miss Sithey Kern, of Paris, attended the bridge party given byMrs. Wm. K. Bayless, in Lexington,Wednesday afternoon, in honor ofMrs. Williams, ot North Carolina, whoIs a guest of Mrs. Wm. Vanderen.Master James Thompson and MissMartha Thompson, the twin children3f Mr. and Mrs. P. A. Thompson,lave returned from a visit to theirgandparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. R,Thompson in Covington.Mr. and Mrs. J. O. Barnett, whonave been with the latter's' parents,Mr. and Mrs. James Earlywine, forseveral days since their marriage,left yesterday for Paragould, Ark.,where ,they will reside in the future.Master Edgar Hill, who has beenwith his aunt, Miss Ida Phillips, inHackett, Ark., for some time, has arrived to make his future home herewith -Us mother, Mrs. Daisy Hill,And his sister, Miss JUargaret 1111,THEDENTISTSPOEOur ROBO TOOTH PASTEis the enemy of the dental profession whereverit is used. The use ofthis paste once a daywill keep your teethwhite and free from decay. The finest pastemade for acid mouth.It is put up in collapsibletubes and sells' for 20cents. It is clean, pureand free from grit, andit is plasant to use. Weguarantee every packagethat goes out of our store.If it proves unsatisfactory, we give you yourmoney back.We sell guaranteed ToothBrushes, too..t - c.:l 3Mi$slioulitfir$liei nomeiasnorveans:Peoples PharmacyPARIS, KY.Doyle Building "Sth anfy Main"WatchOur Windows."ThereforeThat which you buy should be worth buying. We useevery endeavor to keep a stock of theVery Best Furniture, Riags'Wall Papers7and will be much pleased to have YOU come and in-vestigate. We Handle nothing second nand.THE J. T. HINT0N COMPANY, Paris, Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance Wood MantelsMcDougal Kitchen Cabinets. Foster Bros. Safety CribsiHm.leaders.on High street..-y4-iv'fc,ff,'r -y.rfivVY3ft--J'.A' -,x, THE BOURBON 1 NEWS, PAWS, .E hl 4 V " ? .itatITKENTUCKY WOMAN, SUFFEREE FROMSTOMACH ILLS, QIIOEL.Y B1ST0REDAFTER THE GAME OFBRIDGEBest Form of Refreshments to BeServed for the Delectation ofthe Guest.IGMrs. Belle Hawkins Uses Mayr Rem-- edy "Never Felt Better InMy Life."Mrs. Belle Hawkins, Eminence, Ky.,-was a victim of stomach disorders.She took a great deal of treatmentand medical attention.At last she tried Mayr's WonderfulStomach Remedy and got real results.In a. letter telling of her experienceshe said:"I have taken all of the medicine Iordered of you and rill say it hasdone more good than all the doctorsand medicine I ever tried. I don't really think I need any medicine now,as I think I am well. I never felt"better in my life. If I ever shouldneed any medicine I know where toget it."That is a typical letter, taken asone among the thousands from theusers of Mayr's Wonderful StomachNovel Choir StrikeA curious choir strike has occurredlit Gebesee, in Thuringia, Germany. Byan old custom the town supplied thechoir with 400 bottles of beer everyyear. The authorities stopped the beerand the choir immediately went onstrike. The congregation complained.The town clerk and the church authorities met, and as a result it wasdecided to give the choir its 400 bottlesof beer.Portraits on Emeralds.Emeralds have often been made useof for the cutting of portraits. Theyare among the hardest of stones, andso stand the work better than theirfellows. The Roman Emperor Hadrian had his likeness engraved uponi an merald, as well as many other; great persons! and the portrait whichS "perlialJS any have seen advertised! & the only true "portrait of our SSY-4or is said to be a faithful copy of j.'Hsli&'found engraved on an emerald of iTrery ancient date. -mwjwV';"yC'' "' --- ''X-V "Bfthes 6f Prehistoric Anlmaif. .I . liorn an'd bones of a wild ox andfke antler of a red deer, both prehistoric anicsals haye been found durlag dredging in the Viver Thames atHarlow, Buckinghamshire, England-.About the time a bride gets thelast grain of rice out of her hair shebegins to -acquire the instinct of aprivate detective.ISTIs IE Worth Insuring? iGertaiiAsk us to give you therates. We give especial attention to all farm business.Try us. Call 36 or 3-71 day,56 night.W. 0. HINT0N.& SON,THE NEW FIRM.!M!MiNMMS"""""sai'"'Il3"S"2M? iX ATTESTIOIBIVtPEOPLE1 ixju luuxviiuw vve xiaiiuiethe CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.!1 SPIGER8GILC1ST !ELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101Rooms For Rent.Feraished rooms for rent in a conlortaMe home close to husiness center, All conveniences; convenient to iTKtoBo, opera, house, churches, etc. IApply At this office. jHOW0?nilHeieuy. The first dose proves nolong lrealT--j2i.l.Mayr's Ivfonderful Stomach Remedyclears tho dlgesUvo tract of muciodaccretions and removes poisonousmatter. It briiige sv.-ft relief to sufferers from ailments of the stomach,liver and doaygU.. Many declare it hassaved them frs-m dangerous, operations and many are sure that it hassaved their lives.Because of ths remarkable successof this remedy t2re are many imitators, so be cautious. Be sure it'sMAYER'S. Go to G. S. Yarden & Sonj drug store and ask bout the wonderful results it has been accomplishingor send to Geo. H. Mayr, Mfg. Chemist, 154-156 Whiting St., Chicago, 111.,for free book on stomach ailmentsand many grateful letters irom people,who have been restored. Any drug1 gist cui tell yo:i its 7onderfui effects.I (adv-No 2) .Be Swift to Love.Do not let us wait to be just otpitiful or demonstrative towards thosewe love until they or we are strucLdown by illness or threatened witLdeath. Life is short, and we havenever too much time for gladdeningthe hearts of those who are travelingthe dark journey with us. Oh! bfswift of love, make haste to be kind.Amiel.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner o the firm ofF. J. Cheney & Co., doing businesshi the City of Toledo, County andState aforesaid, and that said firmwill pay the sum of ONE HUNDREDDOLLARS for each and every caseof Catarrh that cannot be cured byjtfis use of HALL'S CATARRHCUREj . . "FRANK J. CHENEY.State of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas County ssSworn to before me and subscribed in .my presence, this Gth day ofDecember, A. D. 1886t " ,(Seal) A. W...GLBA50N,ir Ne'tafy Public.Hajl's C&larfall Cure is taken internally and ads directly upon theblood and mucous surfaces of thesystem. Send for testimorials, free,system. Send for testimonials, free.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.. (oct-adv)FOR RENT.Two office rooms over DepositBank, lately occupied by Dr. Clara B.Mathews. Apply to undersigned.(29-tf) DEPOSIT BANK.If the fool killer stuck to his joball the time the Insurance Companieswould all be busted. i(Copyright, by McCIure SnMcate )A NURSE TAKESDOCTOR'S ADVICEAnd is Restored to Health byLydia E. Pinkharn's Vegetable Compound., Euphemia, Ohio. "Because of totalignorance of how to care for myselfWhen verging into womanhood, and fromtaking cold when going to school, I suffered from a displacement, and eachmonth I Lad severe pains and nauseawhich always meant a lay-off from workfor two to four days from the time Iwas 16 years old."1 went to Kansas to live with my sister and while there a doctor told me ofthe Pinkham -remedies but I did not usethem then as my faith in patent medicines was limited. After my sister diedI came home to Ohio to live and thathas been my home for the last 18 years."TheChange of Life came when I was47 years old and about this time I sawmy physical condition plainly describedin one of your advertisements. Then Ibegan using Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and I cannot tell youor any one the relief it gave me in thefirst three months. It put me rightwhere I need not lay off every monthand during the last 18 years I have notpaid out two dollars to a doctor, and havebeen blest with excellent health forawowoman of my age and I can thank LydiaE.Pinkh am 'sVegetable Compoundfor it"Since the Change of Life is over Ihave been a maternity nurse and beingwholly self-supporting I cannot overestimate the value of good health. Ihave now earned a comfortable littlehome just by sewing and nursing. Ihave recommended the Compound tomany with good results, as it is excellent to take before and after childbirth. Miss Evelyn Adelia Stewart, Euphemia, Ohio.If you want special advice -write toJLydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. (confidential) Lynn, Ma&s. Your letter willbe opeaed, 'read and answered hv awwmi an keld-ia strict coaiUeuoe.'A cup 9f tea and a delicious sandwich or two constitutes quite enoughof "a bite" to tide one over until dinner time, when the bridge breaks up,and less and less do bridge hostessesfeel compelled to offer elaboratelunches in the way of salads, ices andsweet cakes so late in the afternoon.Some women are afraid of spoiling thedinner, occurring soon thereafter, andother women are in mortal terror ofgrowing fat, so the elaborate lunchis little appreciated and though everybody nibbles politely, most of the dainties are left on the plate.Tea and buttered mufllns always offered by a certain hostess after thebridge meeting at her home, make herafternoons especially popular. Coffeeand sandwiches are also relished, butsweets are better avoided, for fewwomen really want to eat them justbefore dinner, and are sorry whenthey do, though the keen appetite oflate afternoons makes sweets especially palatable.Celery stalks chilled and stuffedwith cream and cheese and choppednuts is a toothsome delicacy for after-bridgeserving. Coffee and tinyrolled sandwiches may accompany thestuffed celery. To make rolled sandwiches, cut the bread in thin slices inthe morning, having first shaved offall the crust from the loaf. Pack theslices, one cm. another and wrap in awet napkin. In an hour's time haveready melted butter, a pagtry brushand squares of oiled paper. Brush eachslice of bread with melted butter, rolland wrap firmly in the oiled paper.Set the rolls of paper in the ice box jand just before serving remove thenonorc HTViq eonrHiriMioa will rfttnfnril'ai x i """"'""H in. v.'their rolled up shape.sandwiches. So does chopped appleand. celery. Cream .cheese, withchopped nuts cannot be excelled.Chopped onions and green peppers arerelished by some people as a sandwich filing, but there should alwaysbe other sandwiches without the onionfilling.DAMASK THE BETTER CHOICEAttractive as Is Heavy Linen for Ta-' blecloths and Napkins the OtherIs Preferable.Plain heavy linen makes very attractive tablecloths and napkin's. Itis used in a restaurant where thefurnishings are all interesting,' and itis used by some fastidious housewives. In the restaurant it is quitesatisfactory, for the cloth is changed,naturally, for every diner. But in theordinary household it has this onedisadvantage. It does show wrinklesand spots more quickly than a heavyfigured damask does. So if there isnot a fresh cloth for every meal,damask may be a better choice.But the linen is beautiful, and inany household it might be used for aspeqial dinner set. The napkins andtablecloth may be finished with a fineembroidery stitch, or like the ordinarynapkin hem, finely done by hand, orelse they are hemstitched in an inchwide hem.Lenox Sandwich.Blanch and shred two ounces almonds. Cook in enough butter toprevent burning until delicatelybrowned. Mix two tablespoonfulschopped pickles, one tablespponfulWorcestershire sauce, one tablespoonful 'chutney, one-fourtH teaspoonfulsalt and a few grains cayenne. Pourover almonds and cook two minutes,stirring constantly. Mash a creamcheese and season with salt and paprika. Spread unsweetened -wafercrackers with cheese mixture, sprinklewith nuts and put together in pairs.Pile on a plate covered with a doily.White bread may be used in place otwafers.Spiced Huckleberries.When the fruit is washed, weigh,and to every eight pounds allow fourpounds of brown sugar, a quart ofvinegar, two level tablespoonfuls ofcloves, two of allspice, two of cinnamon and one of nutmeg. Make asirup of the sugar, vinegar and spices,stirring until the sugar is dissolved.Let it boil up, then add the fruit andboil gently for half an hour. Put upin glasses and seal when cold. Currant juice added to spiced huckleberries gives a delicious combination.Tomato Pudding.Peel and slice four large tomatoesinto a well-butte7ed pudding dish andsprinkle with salt. Add four slices ofwhite bread, broken fine. Beat welltogether two eggs and 1 cupfuls ofsugar. Stir into a quart of sweetmilk and heat. Pour -over the tomatoand bread and bake until thickenedand slightly brown.To Clean Jars.Jars and pickle bottles that smellof ohions may be made sweet if filledwith garden mold and left standingout of doors for two or three days.When thoroughly washed they will befound quite fresh, and may be used forjam or any other purpose. ,Grease Spots on Carpets.If a little ammonia is poured intowarm water and applied to greasespots on rugs or carpets it will removethe grease apots and not harm thecolor. 'Cooked sausage peat J3u UTrougHi, iflCEperT makes delicious filling forYOUR HAIR.Bring Back Its Gloss, Luster, Charmand Get Rid of Dndruff.To be possessed of a head of heavy,beautiful hair; soft, lustrous, fluffy,wavy and free from dandruff is merely a matter of using a little Danderine. It is easy and inexpensive to havenice, soft hair and lots of it. Justget a 25 cent bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine now all drug store recommend it apply a little as directedand within ten minutes there will bean appearance of abundance; freshness, fluffiness and an incomparablegloss and lustre, and try as you willyou cannot find a trace of dandruff orfalling hair; but yoifr real surprise jwill be after about two weeks' use,when you will seeaiew hair fine tnddowney at first yes but retllly newhair standing out all over your sctlpDanderine is, we believe, the onlysure hair grower; destroyer of dandruff and cure for itchy scalp and itnever fails to stop tailing hair atonce.If you want to prove how prettyand soft your hair really fc, moistena cloth with a little Danderine andcarefully draw it through your hairtaking one small stranl at a time.Your hair will be soft, glossy anubeautiful in just a few moments adelightful isurprjse awaits everyonewho tries thig1-.HOPELESS LUISKTROUBLE CURED.Many recoveries frohi LungTroubles are due to Dr. BelPs Pine-Tar-Honey.It strengthens theLungs, checks the Cough and givesrelief at once. Mr. W. S. Wilkins,Gates, N. C, writes: "I used Dr.Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey in a casegiven up as hopeless and it effecteda complete cure." Get a bottle oDr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey and ifyour cough is dry and hacking let ittrickle down the throat, you willsurely get relief. Only 25c at yourDruggist.(oct-adv)4fsS?kSn sm-iliiJwM h. ,- - i(Copyright, by McCluic Syndicate.)KEEP YOUR STOMACHAND LIVER HEALTHY.A vigorous Stomacfi, perfect working Liver and regular acting Bowelsis guaranteed if you use Dr. King'sNew Life Pills. They insure goodDigestion, correct Constipation andhave an excellent tonic effect on thewhole system Purify your blood andrid you of all body poisons throughthe Bowels. Only 23c at your druggist. (oct-adv)It is pretty tough on a lot of people. But a denial is never as convincing as the original story.SAYS SULPHUR ISSURE 10 RELIEVE!IGet An Ounce of Bold-Sulphur and"' Heal Skin Eruptions Right Up.Ill'miy Dieakmg out or irritation onthe face, arms, legs or body whenaccompanied by itching, or when theskin is dry and feverish, can be read-bold-sulpur,says a noted dermatologist. He informs us that bold-sulphur instantly allays the angrf itching andiritation and soothes and heals theEczema right up leaving the skin clearand smooth. Bold-sulphur has occupied a secure position for many yearsin the treatment of cutaneous disorders because of its parasitedeatroying property. Nothin has ever beenfound to take its place in threatingthe irritable and inflammatory skinaffections. While not always establishing a permanent cure it neve,rfails to subdue the 'itching irritationand drive the Eczema awa and it isoften years later before any eruptionj again appears on the skin.,Those troubled should obtain at' any pharmacy an ounce of bold-sulphurwhich is applied to the affectedparts in the same manner, as an ordinary cold cream. It isn't unpleasantand the prompt relief, afforded, ' particularly in itching-dSczem'a, proveL'"J nciwmc. -vj , NM(Advertisement.) ntMISSED! The 2:30!What else has he missed?AIM OPPORTUNITY!C Perhaps he didn't know the train time, his watch was wrong.C. If he had had a phone he could have learned the -train schedule; hercould have learned the correct time.C And in nine cases out of ten he could have telephoned 'and savedhours of time and not missed that opportunity. mC The telephone in your house brings order into your life.Find out about our service todayChe Paris Rome telephone and Cekgrapb Co(Incorporated)J. J.-VEATCH, District Manager.aJtall JLourAreComplete.KIRSCHBAUM GUARANTEEDCLOTHESS15.00 and S20.00Other Values $10.00 and $12.50iShoes $2.50 to $5.00. Full Line bfBoys' Clothing. Give .Us a Call.T-wn.Clothing and Shoe Department.L. WOLLSTEIIN, Prop.'co Tot V CQWaiOMlHBsKINDLYO fTwin is. Dcpanmenf store,Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, KyA LeaHy GUARANTEED CUREThink oflt.Mr.Farmer.here'saremedy for hog-cholera 4Pfla Hamthat is sold under a "Leeal Guarantee Bond." How " IIVv.au yuu emuru iu laise uuance? against nosr cooler awhen you cin get this remedy on such terms?Bour&Mi Hon Cholera Reimiiiv bIs the only remedy everuuk uuuiura. ac aoes ineit aia,noc, ic wouia not- - vCHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.mesnowrFallAnnouncement All the LatestFall Styles inDress Goods,Dry Boons,millinery, tc.We Can Please YouBargain Prices.CALL ATClMlera'put up that is guaranteed to cure and preventBrosent UAU I VAworic oeicer man any otner Known renaeay.oe soia on sucn a stroae guarantee. ACiwiH( ouw iu imiu juutaufi.TiiniTirniiiiiMiiMtiB, Ky.fc.'. -0irr.-Vicv . .. --v vf ir-jj1ILW& lilUUa, Uff WIJKfrmH965--iif New AI: Openia- 1li Box" .11- BLACK rjY white tyV tan .y1 " L'-V.T2""KIN Bright AIK of shoes Umm daily 1SHOEPOLISHESrr'J99999s9999m99-a9999999999999999999999m999999999It Is Time For You to ThinkAboutHEATINGiSTOVESWe Have Every Kind of Heating andCookingStove Made!THE RADIANT HOME best heater inthe!worId.THE CELEBRATEDHEATER.WILSON GASTHEO. K. LINE Of COOKING STOVES.Theyhavenoequal.In fact everything from the smallest tothejlargest.f See our line and get ourPrices.Lowry & Talbott.FEW HOURS, TRY ITFirst Dose of Pape's Cold CompoundRelieves All GrippeMisery.Don't stay stuffed up!Quit blowing and sniffling. A doseof "Paepe's Cold Compound" takenevery two hours until three doses aretaken will end grippe misery andbreak up a severe ocld eith in the headchest, body on limbs.It -promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages; stops 'nastydischarge or nose running; relievessick headache, dullness, feverishness,sore throat, sneezing, soreness andstiffness."Pape's Cold Compound" is thequickest, surest relief kflnown . andcosts only 25 cent at drug stores.It acts without assistance. Don'taccept a substitute.(Advertisement.)v There are many time when, vone'man question anottier's actions-, andmotive?. Men act., differently underdifferent circumstance. .The' question is, what would you do right nowyou do better than take Chamber-.Iain's Cough Remedy? It' is highlyrecommended by people who haveused it for years and know its value. Mrs. O. E. Sargent, Peru, Ind.,says, "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is worth its weight in gold andI take pleasure in recommending it."For sale by all dealers.(oct-adv)For Sale.LUKE McLUKE SAYS9WALTER MARTINERNEST MARTINNEW LIVERY STABLE!New Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention; Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.Horses Boarded By Day, Week or Month!Hauling of Every Description Done. Transfer Business a Specialty.II999999Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Street9place will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS. !Stables EigtfrSt., MainjSt.Both Phoneso999999NOW999999999:IS THE TIMETo Buy Your Fall and Winter Shoes.The only thing youwant to know is the shoestore that sells the moststylish and most reliableshoes shoes that lookgood and are good andevery respect,store isThis shoeFeld's Shoe Store,?On Main Street, Between Sixth and Seventh.imtMOttMMI5For Sale.For Rent.About 350 shocks corn; 75 acresbluegrass furnished to feed on. Frame house on Second street.J. M. RUSSELL, ' Apply at 315 Pleasant Street, B. T.. East Tennessee Phone 690. Telephone 276, or at Paris Book(octmtfy " ' Store, E. T. Telephone 562. - v(Continued from Page 1)Maybe if we do give the women thevote the Dear Things will be permitted to shoot their husbands withouthaving their feelings outraged byhaving to stand for the formality of atrial.The old-fashioned girl who used tohave to take Pink Pills and Sarsaparilla when she ate a light meal nowhas a daughter who dines on crab salad, ice cream, watermelon and beerand never has anything wrong withher.We wouldn't be so free with ourSympathy if we imagined that the fellow we gave it to could cash it.A Suffragette considers herself asgood asa m an. Andy et she getsmad when Nature helps her out bygiving her a fair to midling mustache. It must jar some people to have toadmit that the world is growing Better, while at the same time the consumption of Cigarettes is increasing.There is all sorts of people in theworld, including the man who Indighave to work as hard as he used to.Talking about long speeches of ahceptance, the woman a man marriescomes pretty near holding the record.Once in a while when you get intoa crowded street car, you get the impression that Soap costs about $2,000,000 a cake.It takes a man a whole lifetime todiscover that they can Make it fasterthan he can Drink it.I supose I am a grouch. But thenew chemise dresses no not hidemuch more than the affectionate kindthey wore last year.Heating stove good as new. Willsell cheap. Call Cumberland Phone885. (15-3t)Be Clean!Inside and OutsideNOTICE!BOURBON COUNTY COURTIn the Matter of OscarHedges, &cON PETITIONNotice of Election!Golfer's First Thought.Some enthusiastic golfers are so engrossed "in the game that on and offthe green they can think and talk ofnothing else. Such a one was takenby an astronomer to see the moonthrough a telescope. Asked what hethought of the satellite, to his scientific friend's surprise and dismay, hesaid: "It's a' richt, but it's awfu' fu'o' bunkers."APPLY SLOAN'S FREELYFOR THE LUMBAGOYour attacks of Lumbago are notnearly so hopeless as they seem.You can relieve them almost instantly by a simple application ofSloan's Liniment on the back andloins. Lumbago is a form of rheumatism, and yields perfectly toSloan's, which penetrates quickly allin through the sore, tender muscles,limbers up the back and makes itfeel fine. Get a bottle of Sloan'sLiniment for 25 cents of any druggist and have it in the houseagainst colds, sore and swollenjoints, rhenmatism, neuralgia, stiatica and like ailments. Your moneyback if not satisfied, but it doesgive almost instant relief.(oct-adv)Notice is hereby given under a judgment and order of the Bourbon CountyCourt entered in tl;e above styled proceeding, an order was entered in thesaid Court directing an election to beheld in Flat Rock voting precinctsNumber One and Two, upon the following question:Are you in favor of making it unlawful for cattle or any species thereof torun at large on the public highwayand unenclosed land of Flat Rock Magesterial district, composed of FlatRock voting Precinct No. 1 and FlatRock voting Precinct No. 2?Said election will be held on Tuesday, November 3rd, 1914, at the regular election to be held on that date.Witness my hand, this 9th day ofOctober, 1914.W. F. TALBOTT,. . Sheriff of Bourbon County.(octl3-20-23-30)NOTICEBOURBON COUNTY COURTIn the Matter of JasFisher, &c.ON PETITIONNotice of Election!"CASGARETS"SELWNo More Headache, Bad Colds, SourStomach and Constipation.Get a 10-cent box now.Are you keeping your liver, stomach and bowels clean, pure and freshwith Cascarets or merely forcing apassage-way every few days withsalts, cathartic pills or castor oil?This is important.Cascarets immediately cleanse thestomach, remove the sour, undigestedand fermenting focfd and foul gases;take the excess bile from the liver andcarry out of the system the constipated waste matter and poisonou inthe bowels.No odds 'how sick, headachy, biliousand constipated you feel, a Cascaretto-night will straighten you out bymorning. They work while you sleep.A 10-cent box from your dryggist willkeep your head clear, stomach sweetand your liver and bowels regularfor months. Don't forget the( children their little insides need a gentle cleansing, too.(Advertisement.)For Sale.Pony Saddle and Blanket forpony cart. Inquire at News, office, tfNotice is hereby given under a judg-men-t-andorder of the Bourbon CountyCourt entered in the said Court directing an election to be held in Ruddles Mills voting precincts NumberOneand Two, upon the following question: Are you in favor of making it unlawful for cattle or any species thereofto run at large on the public highwayand unenclosed land of Ruddles MillsMagisterial district, composed of Ruddfes Mills voting Precinct No. 1 andRuddles Mills voting Precinct No. 2?Said election will be held on Tuesday, November 3, 1914, at the regularelection to be held on that date..Witness my hand this 9th day ofOctober, 1914.W. F. TALBOTT,. . Sheriff of Bourbon County.(octl3-20-23-30)"Thedford's Black-Draughtis the best all-round medicinelever used," writes J. A.Steelman, of Pattonville, Texas."I suffered terribly with livertroubles, and could get no relief.The doctors said I had consumption. I could not work atall. Finally I triedTHEDFORD'SBLACKDRAUGHT and to my surprise, I got better,and am to-day as well as anyman." Thedford's BlackDraught is a general, cathartic,vegetable liver medicine, thathas been regulating irregularities of the liver, stomach andbowels, for over 70 years. Geta package today. Insist on thegenuineThedford's. . E-70If Toa wadd toheftltbr, strong mmfrnrrc Bath keer ifec mdmclean and in rood cofxfitiofi. HotwKat about the ineidef the body?Yon can no more afford to nglct Jfcthan the outside. It is inat aa MBrt,ant that, the svstem be cleansed of the DoieoMasrimnnrities cansed bv weakness of the di creative omMor by inactivity of the liver. "DR. PIERCE'SGolden Medical Discovery(In Tablet or Liquid Form) - dCleanse3 tho system and more. It puts the liver in such a condition of -health that it purifies the blood as it should. It help3 the stomackdigest food so that it makes good blood rich, red blood to nourish andstrengthen all the organs.You may avail yourself of its tonic, revivifying influence by gettingbottle or a box of tablets from your medicine dealer or send 50c for atrial box. Address as below.bMMMgHIFREE"Dr Pierce's Common Sense Medical Adviser" a French cloth boaad keek1008 pases on receipt of 31 one-cent stamps to cover mailing carses.Dr. V.M. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.--sr vi SPECIALS fPOR THIS WEEK14 pounds Granulated Sugar $1 00(With a $2.00 Purchase.)Pancy Northern Potatoes, per peck 20cPreserving Pears, per peck 25cGood Cooking Apples, per peck 20cPure Cider Vinegar, per gallon 30cTry some of our Coffee at 15, 20 and 25c lbfcAlaska Pink Salmon 2 cans for 25cThe besf Red Salmon 2 cans for 35cNew Dried Peaches per lb., 8J6c 10c, 12cNavy Beans, per pound 5cBroken Rice, per pound 5cDon't sit and worry, but compare your fastmonth's bill with these prices and be convinced thatit will save you money to pay cash.It. G.LENIHANCash Grocer. Both Phones 234JvHIPSHBP flBHpDpSBftffiflHHUBBBtHave YOU got any money HIDDEN or carelesslytucked away in YOUR house ?If so, come in and BANK it and have, peace of mind.When you keep money in .your house, you are no only"in danger of losing it by FIRE, but BURGLARS have a wayof-' 'spotting" the house in which money is hidden and you.may also lose your LIFE.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest cnSavings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPirAL . .$150,000.00SURPLUS 30,000.00 y "STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY. . . . 150,000.00Protection to Depositors $320,000.08 -TS. E. BEDFORD, President. ' C. K. THOMAS, Cashier . -Handsome R e s i -denceFor Sale.My residence on Mt. Airy is forsale. One of the most modern homesin Paris. Every convenience. Prospective buyers are invited to inspectthe building and premises.(28jly-tf ) ML.3. "M. A. PATOTExpert CarriagePainter.JIi". Percy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and alsotbrsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for ' 'thepast 8 yers, has opened a shop at-tkcorner of Fouth and High Streets,, vmA. "solicits the patronage of thoseing anything in his line. fBoth Phones 583.x. , TT r' jM!;rSJ&.pjr "?riT'pysx-;S-tr " " ' ; v '"VtTHE OURBbNNEW$, PARIS,: KYir-OGTMlSf rv ,"(.iV-Ie 'XK OF MILLERSBUR6Mrs. Katherine Carpenter left"ilcnday for a visit to her mother,Mrs. McNamara, at Grand Rapids,31ich.Mrs. E. C. Havkins left Thursday for a visit to relatives at Buffalo.and Jamestown, N. Y., and Meadesv:lle, Penn.Mrs. William Burroughs returnedMonday after a week's visit to herson,- Mr. Swiney Burroughs, at NewAlbany, Ind.Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Corringtonattended the funeral of their sister-in-law,Mrs. John Corrington, at Nicholasville, Tuesday.Mrs. Julius Mitchell left Wednesday' for Louisville to spend the remainder of the week with her hus"band. Her mother, firs. Mary Nell,as visiting relatives at Carlisle.FOR SALE Good automatic 12guage shot gun. Practically as goodas new. Can be bought right. Forparticulars, call Bourbon Home PhoneNo. 38, Millersburg, Ky. (20-4t)Mr. J. J. Peed, aed 69, died atbis home Monday at 4:45 a. m., after a lingering illness of complicateddiseases. Mr. Peed has been confinedto his home for more than a year andwas a patient sufferer. He lived for-.months after his life was despairedof by his family, physician andfriends. He as a native of Masoncounty, having been born near Mays-a lick, and was one of twelve children,a son of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Peed,only two of the children now living,IVIr. William Peed, of Lexington, andTvlrs. Mollie Slack, of Sharpsburg.He resided 'in Mason County on thefana where he was born until March,1889, when he purchased the JesseBoulden farm, two miles South ofMillersburg, on the Maysville pike."He old the farm some few years agoto Mr. John Marr, and since that time"has resided in town. At the time oflis death he was a member of thefirm of Peed & McClintock, dealersin live stock. In 1S96 he with a number of others made an assignment in"business and for some time his financial condition was embarrassing,but by presistent efforts and good"business management he was able toTecuperate a large part of the loss,and died leaving his family in goodfinancial condition. He suffered three.losses by fire in which he lost heavily. In many respects he was an uniortunate man, but bore all his illswith heroic fortitude. He was mar--TjecL early in life to r.iiss Ruth Tabb,of Dover, Ky., and by their union'four daughters were born, two of"whom have preceeded him to thegrave. The two remaining daughtefsrare Msses Carrie and Dorothy Peed,the latter a teach ei in the Graded.School at Birmingham, Ala. He wasa life-long member of the BaptistChurch, and an officer in the Millers-rburg Church. He was Blue Lodgeand Royal Arch Mason, Knight Tem-plar and Shriner. He held his Blue' Lodge membership at Mayslick. Hewas one of the most benevolent menof this community, giving freely to-.aTT charities and lending a helpingland to the needy and distressed.As a citizen there was none better,as a husband and father, kind, loving and considerate of his family. As.a friend, staunch and true, his placeI Jm I 1'x9"-I V r Yline BestLadies' Brocaded Tops, Louis Heel, newest creations, the best quality and workmanship, 5.00 values, at. $3.49Ladies' Cloth Top Patent Kid or Gun, Metal, French heel, custom made, bestquality, at v . 2 99Ladies' Mat or Cloth Top, Patent Leatherand Gun Metal, all styles, best grades,at $2.69 and 2 49Ladies' Gun Metal and Patent Leather,good material, at ". 1 .99Ladies' Gun Metal, button and lace,at . .- $ 1 .24 and 1 .49A very big assortment of Boys', Misses' and Children' Shoes at all prices.Rubbers of All Descriptions at Lowest Prices.Men's Special Brownstone Work Shoe, with Anti-Leak Cork Welt, at OurPlace Only.3DJTlTlioro BectTXty sltxcI ESoonomy IlLoiin- the community will be hard tofill, as hjs loss is sincerely morned byall. The .funeral took place Tuesdayafternoon at 3:30 from his late residence, conducted by his pastor, Rev.Goldsmith assisted by Elder C. O.Cossaboom, of the Christian Church.The active ball-bearers were R. L. Wilson, Jr.', A. T. Moffett, D. C. Clarke,W. F. Saunders, D. P. Jones, O. W.Ingels. Honorary pall-bearers, SquireE. P. Thomason, J. H. Clarke, F. B.Ingels, S. M. Allen, C. H. Jones andG. W. BrambletteHOW- TO SAVE MONEY.v Buy a New Process Gas Heaterand Range, fromA. F. WHEELER & CO.CASE.The infant son of Mr. and Mrs.Hartley Case died at the family homeon the Redmon pike Monday evening.The remains were interred in theParis cemetery Tuesday afternoon.Mckenzie.The infant son or Mr. and Mrs.Alonzo McKenzie, of near LittleRock, died Monday, and the remainswere interred in the family lot at theLetton Burying Ground Tuesday afternoon. GRINNELL.Frances Morgan Grinnell, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Russell Grinnell,died at the home of her parents onthe Julian Frank farm, near Hutchison, p Tuesday afternoon from spinalmeningitis. The burial took placeyesterday in the Paris cemetery.SHROPSHIRE.Mr. Ansel C. Shropshire, wellknown here as a cattle and stockdealer, died at his home near Leesburg, Wednesday, from the effects ofa broken hip sustained in a fall someweeks ago. Mr. Shropshire was 84years old, and is survived by his wifeand three sons. The funeral services were held at the LeesburgChristian Church yesterday afternoon,conducted by Rev. J. T. Sharrard, ofParis. The burial took place in theJacksonville cemetery. 'HUBBARD.Lula Catherine Hubbard, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. James H. Hubbard,died at the family r.ome, near Millersburg, Tuesday afternoon at fouro'clock, from pneumonia. The childwas a granddaughter of Mr. GeorgeCollins, of Paris.The funeral services were conducted at the family home near Millersburg, Wednesday afternoon at fouro'clock, by Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive,pastor of the Paris PresbyterianChurch. Burial in the family lot atthe Millersburg cemetery.HOGAN.Mr. William Hogau, aged 32years, died at the Massie MemorialHospital5 Tuesday morning at sixo'clock, following a ten-days' illnessfrom typhoid fever.Mr. Hogan formerly resided inHamilton, O.,. and for the past fewyears has made his home with Mr.David Frederickson, near Clintonville.He is survived by his father, Mr.William Hogan, Sr., of Hamilton, O.,who arrived in Paris Tuesday njght. jAlso by two brothers and four sisters 'DEATHSNOW IS THEv And Dan Cohen's is the Place ToBuy YourFALL AND WINTERTTnnTWTV A J?It's no wonder we undersell all others. Energy and capital combined withour enormous outlet give us a purchasing power that makes competition impossible;Quality of Men's, Women's and Children's Shoes at theLowest Prices.Just A Few Of The Money-Saving Prices:3STCOGreatest Shoe Store :as follows: Messrs. Malirlce Hogan,of Bourbon; James Hogan, of "Hamilton, O.; Mrs. Mary Hale, of Hamilton,O.; Miss Birdie Hogan, of Cincinnati,O.; Mrs. Julia Durgan, of ScottCounty, Ky.; and Miss Kate Hogan,of Hamilton, O. ,' The remains were removed from thehospital to the undertaking establishment of Mr. George W. Davis, onFifth street, where the remains remained until yesterday.The funeral sendees were conducted at the Catholic Church Thursday morning at 8 o'clock, by Rev.Father Eugene DeBruyn, and theburial followed Jn the Paris CatholicCemetery. The following gentlemenacted as pall-bearevs : Messrs. M. J.Lavin, D. Frederickson, EdwardWelsh, Thomas Durgan, Grant Overbyand George McWilliams.INGELS.Mr. Ben. C. Ingels, a former resident of Paris, died at his home inLexington, at 5:00 o'clock yesterdaymorning, after a short illness of acomplication of diseases.Mr. Ingels was a son of the lateMr. Jameg Ingels, one of the pioneerresidents of Paris, and was for manyyears engaged in the dry goods business here with his brother, Mr.Wilson Ingels, who died severalyears ago. After retiring from business here he moved to Lexingtonwith his family, and had since resided there.Mr. Ingels is survived by his wife,Mrs. Aggie Wilson Ingels, who during her residence in Paris, was aprominent factor in the social andliterary circles of the city; threedaughters, Misses Katie, Belle andMargaret Ingels; two sons, Benand Leslie Ingles; one brother, Mr.Boone Ingels, of Carlisle, and onesister Mrs. Elizabeth Ingels Cheek,wife of Rev. Dr. F. J. Cheek, ofDanville.The body will be brougbt to Paristhis afternoon from Lexington, andthe funeral servicer will be conducted at the grave in the Paris cemeteryat 3:00 o'clock, conducted by Rev. F.J. Cheek, of Danville, assisted byRev. Richard Wallace, of Lexington.The pall-bearers will be W. Jay Ranson, Jayne4 Savage, Rhodes Smith,Clarence Ingels, Wxflace Clarke andFrances Cheek.How It Became Known."Why do you think his wife is goingto bring divorce proceedings?" "Iknow it, my dear. In the past monthshe has had at least a hundred photographs taken of herself at home withthe children." Puck. NFeathered Visitors to Panama.A number of the birds in Panamaare mere winter visitors from theUnited States. These include suchfamiliar varieties as sparrows, tanagers, orioles, flycatchers, swallows,thrushes, warblers and catbirds.Surer.It is to be regretted that the manwho counts on his fingers is not aptto be so disappointed as the manwho counts on his friends.What Really Counts.A girl may have beautiful eyes, butshe isn't so apt to succeed as theone who has plenty of cheek.WiT r, m m tfftfrivfife. ' . ,Men's Platinum Calf or Russ. Bal., English last, of the f amous Walk-Over, highest quality, at $5.00 and $4.50Men's Russ. or Gun Metal, of the WalkOver and Beacon ' makes, all styles and ,lasts, at '. $4.00and 3.50 -Men's Tan or Gun Metal, bench made,all lasts, at 2.99Men's-Gun Metal, button and lace, goodwearing, shoes, at : . . $ 1 .49 and 1 .99rMen's Heavy and Medium Weight Shoes, allkinds, at the lowest prices.xiTjjjjri1STLROSE HIPSHIRE.Magistrate Ernest Martin officiated Wednesday at the wedding ofMiss-Ollie Lee Rose and Mr. ArchieHipshire, both of the Centerville precinct. The young couple returned totheir home after making a bridal tourof the motion picture houses.COOPER RAINEY.Mr. Gilbert D. Rainey, of Bourboncounty, and Miss Mary Eva Cooper, ofnear North Middletown, were marriedin North Middletown, having obtained -license from the County CJerk ofMontgomery county.STUART JONES.Miss Lena Stewart and Mr. Ambrose L. Jones, both of North. Middletown, secured license from CountyClerk Pearce Paton, Tuesday and weremarried by Rev. W. E. Ellis, at theChristian Church parsonage onTwefth street, Tuesday afternoon.BOLIN BASKETT.At the study of the MethodistChurch, Tuesday, Rev. J. S. Simsofficiated at the marriage of Mr. Jno.Baskett, of Nicholasville, and MissLaura Bolin, of Lexington, who cameto Paris that day and secured licensefrom County Clerk Pearce Paton.WILSON YOUNG.Dan Cupid was actively at workTuesday, and besides the other victims of his unerring aim noted inthis column, he brought here that dayMr. Robert Wilson, of Nicholas county, and Miss Lottie Young of 'thiscounty. County Clerk Sugg, ofCarlisle, issued license to the youngcouple and then brought them in hisauto to this city, where they weremarried by Rev'. W. E. Ellis, at hishome on Twelfth street. The brideis the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J.W. Young, of near Carlisle and thegroom is an industrious young farmerof Nicholas county.ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCED.Mr. and Mrs. Richard Durbin Col--lins,of .Lexington, announce the engagement of their daughter Elizabeth,to Mr. Warren Rogers Fisher, of Carlisle, the -wedding to be celebrated' inCrittenden, at the home of Mrs. Elizabeth Collins, grandmother of thebride-elect. Miss Collins is a beautiful girl, whose glorious Titian hairis tbe admiration of all beholders.She is tall and graceful and of awonderfully sweet personality. Mr.Mr. Fisher is editor and proprietorof the Carlisle Mercury. Miss Collinsis now on a visit to her grandmotherin Crittenden. Mr.f Fisher formerlyresided in Bourbon county, and is ason of Mr. John I. Fisher, of Louisville, who was formerly Cashier ofthe North Middletown Deposit Bank.He is also a brother of Miss Eliza-beth Fisher, of Bourbon.The Linen of Ireland.In 1688, the year of the accession ofWilliam III, the export of linen fromIreland barely reached $30,00 worth;in 1741 it reached $3,000,000; in 1779,$7,500,000, and in 1825 the declaredvalue was $14,455,090.Eyesight of the Indian.American Indians claim that theycan see at least one-tenth farther thanthe ayerage white man.TIMEAWAiiKMATRIMONIIJ lsSi- !- I-clft 4LixMmesJm &.&Hi l IT iViBc ywJKmKmi BBHKLtvBrBBBBkMwmaa msk,. ILLH UililiLitT'llin LLLLYLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLVrm 1 1 wHjflflliSS' BifeliPJHHll RiMl i Mi f liii 1 Wll&; iWJJMllljPWhen making an investment it is absolutely FOOLISHfor a man to send his money a long way off and trust it tosomebody who has not good enough standing at home to sellhis Get-rich-quick schemes THERE?When he invests at home and WATGH.ES what he doesa man often gets "plucked."We will cheerfully give you our opinion on investmentsat any lime. We may save you a loss.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest onSavings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPITAL $ 1 50,000.00SURPLUS .. 20,000.00STOCKHOLDERS' LIA51LITY 150,000.00Protection to Depositors.. $330,000.00S. E. BEDFORD, President. C. K. THOMAS, CashierPARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.LVe. Court House.7:10 a m7.45 am.Lve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m' 3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m6.40 p m8.158.459.159.4510.1510.4511.1511.45a ma-maammamaamm.amnrmmmmmmmmmmmm12:05 p12.45 p1.151.452.152.453.153.454.155.155.406.056.30City Limits Onlr.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Inter-urban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris. 6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a. m11:50 a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m3:3fl p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p mLeave ParisLexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m10:05 p mforDaily except Sundaycates thefamily happy.it brino-s into, the homej of all proportion to its small cost.You can p-ct a Victor or Victor-Victrola right awayon our 'easy-payment plan. ,f,i5 ?200 for a YictorVictrola. ro to $ico for a Victor.Coire ii and see and hear the different styles.WE"PPUDENT MAN'TAKES NOLONGCHANCESHEKEEPSHISMONEYSAFE INTHEBANKO-:-Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank),3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.J. S. Wallingfurd, H. D.office on Sixth Street,Betv een Main and High,Phones31 PARIS, KYMBarberShopCorner Fourth and MaisModern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORD'The hczl i?vc3feicnt I ever madearid it only cost $15.''The Victor-Victrola" amur.es and educhildren, and makes the wholea wealth of music that is cutBIOSSsmmmmmmmmL-.'NT7- Ofr -&.;4. I1 v ",. ..,-- .'5 -