JlXAITH!NEWS.PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR-SgL'VOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1914.i H -"WE KNOW HOW"5,275,000 1- I. -fi i130URB0N-J .- J"."-h. ;SALES UN LOCAL SMaLL rul SGAnto DuUhbuN HuuflL71MinrcT rhru RmrkMunRN n kappk i! 1 1 B II il I I - Fl 1 II I BE U Ilia fcji lfl iJ8 III III I I III S I I B k OMMmBanaaBMHI UNI MOM SHEEP CMS I ' .41Market Yesterday ShowedConsiderable Spirit andMuch Stronger.TOBACCOICOMINGIN VERY RAPIDLY.Full, Floors , Expected forthe Last Sale ofthe Week.The Bourbon Tpbacco WarehouseCompany yesterday sold 106,495pounds of tobaccowhich places the total sales to date at 5,375,000 pounds.The market yesterday showed considerable spirit and was considered bymany to be stronger than at the previous sale of the -wesx. JThe quality of the tobacco offeredwas about the same as that which hasbeen on the floors ior the past twoor three weeks and which was considered very inferior in grade.The highest average of the day wasmade on the consignment ofWhaley &Swart, which made an average of$16.63. Rejections were few andthose who had tobacco on the floorwere well satisfied with the resultA number of tobacco warehouses inCentral Kentucky hve closed downlor the season, no tobacco of sufficient quality being consigned to warrant a continuance of the sale. Thelocal warehouse will continue to havethree sales each week as long as thetobacco of Bourbon and adjoiningcounties last.Tobacco is coming m rapidly for thesale Saturday and it Is expected therewill be a full floor for the last sale ofthe week. Pollowing are a few of thecrop averages for the sale held yesterday: Whaley & Swart, 6,980 pounds, $1,16L21, average $16.63.Tarr Duncan, 2,905 pounds, $373,60, average $12.86.Ardery & Ellis, 3,300 pounds, $466.-45, average 514.13.Thompson & Witt, 5,720 pounds,o.iu, average, $13.51.Ardery & Medlin, 5,125 pounds,3763.23, average $14.89.Ardery & Lewis, 2,365 pounds, 360,--s, average, $15.25.Howard & Biddle, 5,245 pounds,$638.12, average $12.x6.John Wright, 3,33d pounds, $268.24,average $13.41.John T. Collins, 2,010 pounds, $330,--36,average $16.43.Clark & Clough, 7,345 pounds, $926.-m, average $12.61.Lewis Sprake, 2,800 pounds, $400.07,average $14.28.Booth & Hughes, 1,875 pounds,3248.00, average $13.22.TUESDAY'S SALEInferior tobacco was much in evidence at the sales Tuesday, a totali ib&,2U5 pounds were sold. ItDrought $19,207.65, an average of111.62 per hundred. This i& considered a fine average for the quality oftobacco. Following are some of thecrop averages:Kenney & Huffman sold 1,790pounds for $282.89, averaging $15.00Per hundred pounds.Woodford & Buckner sold 6,545pounds for $794.11, averaging $12.10.Houston Johnson sold 9,570pounds for $1,466.41, averaging $15.16.Talbott & Hash sold $3,725 poundsfor $521.62, averaging $14.54.Haggard & Oldham sold 9,115Pounds for $1,131.14, averaging $12.14.Richey & Barnes sold 2,190 poundsfor $293.94, averaging $13.40.Catesby Woodford, Jr., sold 6,300Pounds for $858.07; averaging $13.80.John T. Collins sold 1,750 poundsfor $280.23, averaging $16.Webber & Gardner sold 4.030Fresh Cases Cause Much Apprehension Among UpperHouse Members. ,WOULD RUSH MOSTIMPORTANT BILLS.Senate Resolution Calls for aSifting CommitteeCapital News.Sdm of $852 Amount of LossBy Dogs During theYear of 1913.TAXES COLLECTEDARE INSUFFICIENT.FRANKFORT KY., Feb. 5. Afresh apprehension regarding thesmall-pox situation w-aused the Senate to adjourn shortly before noonuntil Monday afternoon.A committee was appointed to notify the House that the Senate hadadjourned until Monday.Practically the only business in theHouse was the fight over the uniformtext book bill. J. C Duffy, the authour of the bill, made an addresswhich was chiefly an attack on theAmerican Book Company, which hesaid, had held he State in bondagefor years.A motion to lay the whole bill, withits amendments, on the table was defeated by a vote of 61 to 17.Senator Zimmerman introduced aresolution calling for a joint caucusof both houses to consider the mostimportant bills before the lesser billsare considered.Adam Shahn will introduce a similar resolution, also providing for theselection of a steering committee inthe House.The expected move to pass a biHto submit the question of State-wideprohibition, developed this morningin the bill introduced by Representative Webb, of Johnson county.In the Senate a large number cprotests were received from police departments and sheriffs over the Staeagainst the bill recently introducedto make "third degree" methods iiexamination of prisoners unlawful.Claims Referred to State Au- Sf(rt - raitor uourts jvieetsMonthly Session:mSEVERAL PIECES OF PARISREAL ESTATE CHANGE HANDSFRANKFORT, KY., Feb. 5 T! 3proposal for a constitutional amen 1ment, providing for convicts to wo.kon the public roads, was defeated ithe House of Representatives Mond-.yby a vote of 40 to 39. It was reco.Amitted to the Committee on Constit ltional Amendments. It was said th.itthere will be a constitutional anienlment offered for State-wide prohibition. A measure compelling natural gascompanies to furnish gas to perso-i;near their pipe lines in the rural section of the country was introducedby Representative R. B. Hutchcraft,Jr., of Paris.Senator Porter; of Webster coun.y.Wednesday developed a case of smallpox, and considerable alarm was feltamong the law-makers Wednesdf-y.Senator Porter had been absent forweek on account of illness. It wj .-suggested by the Health Board th:Can adjournment be taken. The Senate and House voted to remain in session, as it was advised that there w jno particular danger.Shelton Saufley introduced a me? .urein the House to put into effect tlvPresidential primary plan of President Wilson.The bill fixes the second Saturdayin May as the time for holding theprimary in the years when the President and Vice-President are to beelected for the purpose of nominatingcandidates for these offices, and .forthe nomination of Presidential electors and election of delegates and alternates to the national conventions.The couny unit plank of the Democratic platform took a step towardmore effectual existence Tuesdaywhen Senator W. A. Frost, of Gravescounty, reported favorably the billchanging the method of calling a local option election in the county.This measure provides that insteadof 25 per cent of the voters of eachnrocinet beintr necessary to call an' -WT?3 for S52S.S6, averaging $13.10. election, 25 per cent, of 'the voters offn JiT? & E1Us sold 2'115 Pnds I the county are required. The FrostI OF !S."'h HK C M w tf f A f m -m J --LTkY""u.uu, cVVCXUJiilit; $XD.tV.measure is scneauiea to pass uumhouses without delay in the opinionof those in torested.! NEGRO WANTED IN ALABAMAMib. Eliza Harris, of OwlnsevDle. i F0R MURDER ARRETED HERE"Purchased Tuesday from Mr. F. P.'JSWi a building lot at the corner of Sinclair Wade, alias Jphn Cain, aJteii and Nineteenth streets in the J negro, was arrested here WednesdayOld Fair Grounds sedition at a pri- afternoon on a warrant charging himvate price. Mrs. Harris will -build a with murder. The warrant was issuedcottage on her purchase. ; from Lawrence County, Alabana.Mr. Saaford Roberts, anL. & N.j Sheriff W. F. Talbott received theSineer, purchased Wednesday from warrant and information as to the-r. G. C- Thompson a lot on Cypress whereabouts of Wade. With his depstreet, near Boone, for 1,300. MrJuties, J. O. Marshall and W. G. Mcttoberts plans to erect a modem cot-j Clin tock, he went tu the south yardstege on the lot and will begin as soon j of the Lpnisville aiid Nashville railas plans can be perfected. 1 1 ad, where it was learned the negroThe heirs of the late 'Horton L.. ihad been employed, and placed himWhaley sold this week to Mr. James under arrest- Wade bears the reputeJ Whaley, a ouc-story cottage on tion of beiu a very dangerous manWiggins Avenue. The price was pri- and the officers fearing trouble wentClaims to the amount of $862 forsheep killed during the year of 1914in Bourbon county, were approved by!the Bourbon Fiscal Court at its regular monthly meeting yesterday. Theclaims ranged from $8 to ?70, according to the number of sheep killed bydogs during the ye.r. The amountof claims exceeded tne amount 6f thetax collected on dogs and as a resultthe farmers whose flocks suffered-from the ravages of the dogs will notreceive the full amount of theirclaims, which will be referred to theauditor of public claims and the taxcollected in Bourbon will be prorated.County Clerk Paton will receive theorder from the State Auditor in aboutfour weeks when the amounts will beturned over to those who lost sheep.Following are the claims approvedby the court:Catesby Woodford, 35.A. B. Hancock, $30.J. T. Crawford, $25.W. JP. Thomas, ?51.50.John F. Young, $44.Joe and Charles liopkins, $30.R. H. Burris, $25.S. R. Burris, $18.50.L. T. Dillon, $9.W. P. Jett, ?49.C. C. Collins, $24.Mordecai Myers, $40.A. D. Leach, $18.J. H. Haggard, $6.H. Margolen, $12.G. R. Burburry, $75.R. L. Shropshire, $25.W. M. Layson, $30.John Woodford, $20.John Burris, $2Q.Henry Hopkins, $10tW. B. Woodford, 10.R. W. Thompson, $33.J. D. Booth, $24..Clarence Ralls, $12.L. M. Vanhook, $7.Clyde Forman, $S.R. M. Gilkey, $36.C. M. Gilke $40.W. S. Isgrig, $70.W. B. Isgrig, $35.The court met yesterdayJudge C. A. McMillan presiding, andthe following magistrates present:Squires B. P. Thompson, R. H. Burris,J. J. Redmon, O. B. Lloyd, A. L.Stepenson, John N. Shropshire andR. O. Turner. .County Road Engineer C. F. Redmon submitted his report for themonth of January, which was-acceut-edby the court and ordered of record.Claims to -the amount of $1,648.43were allowed.An order was entered to the effectthat no accounts against the countybepaid unless ordered by he countyofficial having authority to ordersuch purchases.The committee appointed by thecourt to settle with former Sheriff A.S. Thompson, for the year 1913, produced said settlement to the court,which was approved and confirmed bytheCburt and made of record.Col. John Cunningnam, of Bscondida, one of the oldest citizens of theoounty presented Bourbon county witha portrait of his father, the late Senator John Cunningham. .On behalf ofthe county the court accepted theI gift and the portrait, which is said tobe an excellent likeness of the deceased statesman, will be hung in a prominent place on the walls of the courthouse. A committee was appointedto have painted a portrait of JudgeOenis Dundon, who .retired fromoffice January 1, to hang on the wallof the county court room.An order was entered by whichJailer Joe Farris is to receive thesum of $60 per monui for care of thecourt house. After attending to matters of minor importance court ad-jouncd.If you hav'nt takenadvantage of our Reduction Sale,' do notdelay buying a Suit orOvercoat from us whileyou can save money.v-'withvate.psFOR 'SALEj i heavily armed. Tho negro is accus-t I ed of baring murdered a man by the'" I name .of Buck Willis, in Lawrencez irnnntv. Th Alabama authorities haverLargoojjL Heating Stove,' now-been-noti-ed. of the eare of hQ;9 flfl - .." -. ,-.-f. ,,a rl .VfT-.'. Wrfl -? av ?'"v ..- IL . -. . , .juu -iMti ftju -.-. .--.. . f - ",.Mitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's Styles Paris, Kentuckymw8gmimmmmuvimwmttmmumwmimmnmmTi&wmmmr-13ffFRwmmmmmmit & IT' O ". W-W-l .f p r r l . .MIMtV Ofc KJ,The Store Where ReKability Reigns.53ESs53trBOURBON COUNTY NOTARIES" RECEIVE COMMISSIONS.The following have -received commissions as notaries in Bourboncounty, filed in the "office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, in th& past few vfrdays; Misses Grace Haskins, Fran--rnits c.ut.u-, iueBsrs. .. woocirora, sr.,and B. Woodford, -Jr.rBIG BARGAINSTo Close Out Balance of Winter Garments We Make the Following Prices:$ 7.50 Ladies9 Coats, now .-. $ 2.9510.00 Ladies' Coats, now : 3;9515.00 Ladies' Coats, now 5.9520.00 Ladies' Coats, "now 1 7.9525.00 Ladies' Coats, now ...,....: 9.S535.00 Ladies' Suits, now.. 1 ll. C 1.15.00.25.00 Ladies' Suits, now 1. 1 10.00v 20.00 Evening Cape now 1Jl 5.00- 15.00 Evening Wraps, now .. 2. 5.00r ' 5.00 Rain Coats, now... .1:...1: . 3.75ua 7.50 Rain Coats, now " " 5.75 .- 10. 00 Rain Coats, now' 20.00 Silk Dresses, now!EXTRA SPECIALGirls' and Misses' Suits, Suitable for 3ir is 1 3 to7 years, $1 6.50 to $20,00 Grades, now$7.50 EachCome In and Look at TJnese BargainsV4J.FORMER SHERIFF MAKESFINAL SETTLEMENTFormer Sheriff A, S." Thompson, ofI-ourbon, was in Frankfort Tuesday tomake his "final seftlbffleut, ith Auditor Bo6Y.'orh and "to ' receive his; quietus. Mr. Thpmson pafd over Jxi kJttue Gite.-or tjtse iqr ins year ivu, othhht! FRANK k C.jqy. ; . r - TT-T ":"vipsr3--"'tJ-rK$V. ivrirfTrCOjktortitmrn him to tkat State.'-o iaPJST " " .JrE -.F?vl, uviA i-r w WiiM,MUt& .s: f LvBWFMt J 'J in, ,rwm7mmm!Mcm&.mvkmw&P3H!3L3ESaEB2E2iK-THE BOURBON NEWS,'-1 KIS. vP?RUAY5. VmmBBzszssBsmcazmmmriiftilHI&e0r1.aA THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephonp wcuk,s ioi him. He will reply:Sells My P0(tucD 4. Protects the HomeGets Best PruvN i - 3. Helps the HousewifeBrings Supplies 6.' Increases Profits7. Pa- For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal i-:asjis why YOU should be interested andseno:day for booklet.For information. 'ftn manager.CumberJand -phone and TelegraphvumpanyfNCORPORATED3t?U,' ctSt,7fSWIFT CHAIVjPyEdivor ,and Owner(Entered a che Parib K?ntu(;kPostofflce Hb Mail Matter" f rh,Second Class.)Published EvuescC1d 'daOne Year. f 1 w -Si .vl unhPayable in Advance$1 11HOVWIWl.'Protect Your HomeAnd Safeguard Your F&mily and Val- , abfcs by InstallingHO VIE TELEPHONE.Instant connection with Fire and Police Departments and3,00 other Telxphones in Paris and Bourbon County.Call our Grontract Department to-day.Lola! and Long Distance Service .Hk Paris Route Cekpbone and Cekarapft go., ( Incorporated)ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advernsements $1.00 perinch for first timej 50 pents per incheach subsequent 'insrertionf. Reading Notices, 10 cents per lint-each issue: reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issueCards of thanks calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contractsThe right of publisher is reservedto- decline any advertisement or othermatter off ered for publication.Space is a newspapeiV dtock Intrade and source of revenueBEAUTIFY YOUR HAIRlake it Thlcfc, Glossy, Wavy, i.uxuriant and Remov5 all Dandruff.our hair becomes light, wavy,uffy, "abundant and appo rs a3 oof'Strous and beautiful 3 oung-rl'B after a "Dinde. 'i.r'g" Just try this moi tan Id;'flh a little Dander In $ vl c "'illw it through your hiir, ta n onmll -trand at a Aime. ih wil'jiso the hrir of dust. 1'"rt a i ?vHvp 0if pxi in vr n rments you 'have doubled the beautyour hairBesides beautifying the hMr ae, DnndnnD dissolves every partcle of dandruff; cleanse'. -n-andinvigorates the sp"h, c-9ve-stoppingitching and falling hair.But what will please you mo-;1 wine after a few -weeks' use when youwll actually see new hair 9 ai1"owny at first yes bu reaiw newhair, growing all over the sciln. Tf"ou care for Dretty, soft ha'r an! loit surely get a 25-cent bottle ofKnowlton's Danderine from any drug"fore or toilet counter, and just tryit, (adv)i1?v.A-jt-afoJbmt-mtynit, , ..7rrVESZS3j. ce that strong end digeaifeiAU keep well I No chain is siron.-er ilink. No man is stronger t:-n l . istomach disordered a train of diseases iwlk,&ad yoaij3 vrealcesfcich. Withr-. Js-ree'sCjroMem E!Ie3edt Discoveryr-ikca th stomach healthy, the liver active- aid to bloc " - - P'juJe finini rest 'roots, and extracted witb.ut t' uao ot a, 'Sol , e. -agists, faliquid form at $1,00 pr bottle lor over 40 ycarstiving xwti jjaUsfactica.11 yoa prefer taMets s modfflefi "by R. V. Pierce. ? ". H.r ttese mm Mlnaa os nraUrtJMi dealers r t?sai Eos bj KuiH ea rccwf of rocf ii?T?S1BQra5yyS!THEATRICALThere are 178,926 motorcycles inGreat Britain and Ireland, accordingto figures published by the Federationof American Motorcyclists.HOW IS YOUR BOILER?"The Rosary" at Paric Grand.Every woman thinks she knowshow to keep alive the love of her hus-It has been stated that a man'sstomach is his boiler, his body is hisengine, and his mouth is his fire-box.is your boiler (stomach) in good working order or is it so weak that it willnot stand a full load and not be ableto .supply the needed energy to yourengine (body)? If you have anyj.M'V.1-k -"iv"?tT TT-.--i fi"vi-wn Vt- PriomKor-band. Wonder if the girls in this """".T .',,,,, fm,iavSometimes it is r"c"; T'tlCL V"JSLrenKuieii u.iu iuviuuicllu iuo otvm-VVV''iBourbon LaundryDVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street Wcity know that art?said they don't. At any rate they willknow after they have witnessed aperformance of "The Rosary," thatis coming to the Paris Grand nextMonday, Feb. 9.In "The Rosary," there are three!distinct love stories. The principallove affair is that of Bruce and Vera,Wilton. Thiach and enable it to do its wok naturally. Many very remarkable curesof stomach trouble have been effectedby them. For sale by all dealers.(Feb.) (adv).vinle a dentist was proMng for ahusband and wife love ' nerve, Governor Eberhardt, ot Minnem ti r5 iWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymde ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamoux fo fine work and ifcdever goes beck on its reputation. If yoa are particularabout how your linen islaundered, yonr custom is thekind we want as we Kke toappreciateeBourbon Laundry.Paris Kentucky.MnmitnimtnMtoMwThe Best in the Worldeach other with their whole hearts.She is a devout woman, but he is aborn atheist. Being a man of largebusiness interests, Mr. Wilton neglects his home, and Vera resorts tothe green-eyed monster to bring herhusband back to her. She begins aflirtation with a man named KenwardWright. Circumstances bring himinto the Wilton home, where he fallsin love with Vera's sister, Alice. Onenight when he and Alice had arrangedfor a secret elopement Vera, entering Ithe room as the couple are leavingj through au open window is discoveredby her husband. Tlie result is twobroken hearts; therefore jealousy isan evil,. and not an advisable way ofkeeping a man interested.The second love story is betweenKathleen O'Conner and Charley Harrow. Kathleen is a little Irish girlwho believes that the man she willmarry must know the Irish historythoroughly. Charley knows nothingof Irish history, so Kathleen attemptsto teach him. To keep Charley in-i$ crested Kathleen uses the simplest oflanguage, areas uuu huliuu&. viui-lev is attracted to her by her sweetsimplicity, so t s shown that the siml-nlest truth attracts he man of thew j world and keeps him interested.j In the love story between Lesura.ijijand Skeeters, the audience finds thatx? I onnosition to a man's vanity makeshim only the more interested in thepursuit if the one thing upon which hetvtHps himself greater than all else.During the scenes Skeeters is veryproud of his ability to tell stories, butsota, composed a song, " 'Tis OnlyYou,'r and dedicated it to his wife.t)IOAugust Malgren, who inserted an"ad" in a local paper at Aurora, 111.,daring the police to arrest him forbuilding a house wrtliout a permit,discovered that advertising pays.Chief Michels. took him tp jail.WHEN YOU'RE SICKYOUR WAGES STOPYou know what that means miseryworry big bills debts!You know you can't afford to getsick. Keeping in good health meansfood and clothing for you and yourfamily. It is up to you to take careof yourself. It is up to you wheneveryou don't feel right, to strengthen youbuild you up, ward off sickness protect you and your family. That thingwe have in Rexall Olive Oil Emulsion.In oifering it to you wo protect youagainst money ri3k, oy personallypromising you that, if it does not restore your health, we will give backyour money without word or question,We believe it is the best builderof health, energy and strength youcan get. It is helping many of yourneighbors. If it don't help you, wewill give back your money.Rexall Oliver Oil Emulsion is compounded principally of pure Olive Oiland the Hyposulphites. Each haslong been endorsed by successful physicians. Here they are for the firsttime combined. The result is a re-TheTheiiHiggin Ail-MetalScreens,Hiegfin All-MetalWeather Strip.Distributors of the Walger NewcTWodel AwningThfeBest Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris Massie Hospital, A.X Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others..Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought now for future delivery arejrnade atcents, per square foot cherper.T. A. Hendricks,it isn't until after an orignal system markable nerve, blood and strength-is employed that Skeeters succeeds ingetting Lesura to laugh.All of this loye is in "The Rosary,"and with a competent cast presentingjit, the play is worth attending.I adv)Jas. K. Hacktt at Lexington.At the Lexington Opera House nextMonday, February 9, James K. Hackett and his truly remarkable supporting cast will inaugurate a notable dramatic engagement presenting Louisithe late David Graham Phillips famous novel, "The Grain of Dust.""The Grain of Dust" served Mr.Hackett during his lengthy New Yorkand Chicago engagements and alsoduring a highly successful tour of thelarger Eastern cities.Mr. Hackett's company includessuch well-known players as BeatriceBeckley, Rowland Buckstone and.others, many of whom, have morethan a footlight acquaintance with theI theatre-goers of this city. ' Seatsready today. (adv)maPhone 2585t-tSales AgentLexington, Ky,wwaGEO, W. DAVISWmil DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.j FURSAND HIDESHIGHEST MARKET PRICE PJUiFOR RAW FURS ANBMDESWMl M CtMJKfMiM. Wrilf fpNitaiMMhftMf.XbtLak4.17Metallwunscherutenforscher OttoElder Von Grave, divining rod expertand living alphabet, is in New Yorkfrom Germany, to locate radium inWyoming.DON'T YOU BELIEVE ITSome say that chronic constipationcannot be cured.j Don't you believe it.Chamberlain's Tablets have curedothers why not you? Give them atrial. They cost only a quarter. Forsale by all dealers.(Feb) . N, (adv)NOTICE FROM HEALTH BOARD.building remedy that is both food andmedicine. For all who are nervous,run down and debilitated no matterwhat the cause; for old people; forconvalescents; for puny children, weknow of nothing that will give healthand strength as quickly as ItexallOlive Oil Emulsion. It is a realbuilder of good blood, strong muscles,good digestion. Pleasant to take, itcntains no alcohol or habit-formingdrugs. If you don't feel well, economize both money and strength by beginning today to take Rexall OliveOil Emulsion. Sold only at the Rexall stores, and in this town only byus. $1.00. G. S. Varden & Son, Paris, Ky. (adv)A dynamite blast, which blew offthe front door of a safe in New York,within 100 feet of where a policemanwas standing, failed to disturb theofficer and yeggmen got away with2,000 in cash.jpS"2-sJ2w3g5efiaei-iNew Year s Resolutions1Thoughtful consumers of FUEL tyill resolve t obtain the hig hestefficiency for iheirm nev during the year to come. This meansthat they will useT h : 'j :l without a fault'Dodson DeoionThe Home f Good CoalYards, South Main St Both Phones 140Lfr0040$3O0Ofr'omen of Refined Tastezt-M0Get their advance Spring styles from the newcTlicCall Book of Fashions "Spring Quarterly on Sale January 5 thThis recognized a u -fioriyis indispensible in planning your Spring vardrobe; 100pages of authentic descriptions andfascinating illustrations of advanceSpring feshions gathered from theworld's style-centers Paris, NewYork, London. Berlin. ,Newest Fashions for evening or afternoon gowns, for tailored suits, wraps, outdoor and party frocks for misses', children's and babies' outfits.Latest STYLES in hats, gloves, neckwear, jewelry, wide belts, handbons, lingerie and all dress accessories.Speciax, Auticxes on hairdrcssing, essbroidery and a wealth of other interestiagfeatures for women and the home.All designs illustrated in this big SpringFashion Quarterly are produced in easy-to-niake-at-home,perfect-sitting McCall Patterns. OnSy 30 cents Postpaidmdutfing any 15-cent PatternwwMmwmmJpiMcCiit.FOR SALE BYThe SVIcCall Co238 to 246 West 37th St, N. Y,rnysicians and heads of families Jare respectfully referred to Section2060 of the Kentucky Statutes, whichprovides as follows:"Section 2060 - , syphysician or head of a family whoEhall fail or refuse to report to thelocal Board of Health in cases ofcholera, Bmallpox, yellow fever, scar-'let fever, diphtheria and other epidemic 'diseases as provided for in Section 2055 of the act mentioned inthe title )f this act, shall be fined notless than five dollars for each day,be neglects or refuses to report.!(Section as amended by Act of March i3, 1894)Please take due notice and govern-yourselves accordingly.A. H. KELIBIt,City Health Officer.By order of Board of Health.erts,.KyJfmT 119lWare usually thin andeasily worried, sleep does notrefresh and the system gradually weakens from insufficientnourishment.Scott's Emulsion corrects.nervousness by its force of concentrated medical nourishmentit restores the healthy actionof body cells, enriches theblood, sharpens the appetite,and feeds the nerve centresby distributing energy andpower all over the body.Don't resort to alcoholicmixtures or drug concoctionsthat stimulate and stupefy.Get a "hottle of Scott'shmulsion tor yournerves nothingequals or compareswith it, bul insiston Scott's.EVERY DRUCIST HASTlV1f BOURION FOMLTtY OMuunix bUlbn.il LU1.UUI. btLLCS Vgapes, A few drops in the 'drinking water cores and 'wprevents cholera, diarrhoea 9and other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remetfy C tabgtM, Ij,WallPaperCALENDARS FOR 1915.We have made arrangements withthe Hayes Lithographing Co., of Buff-l alo, N. Y., to act as their agents inBourbon County. We have now readyfor display one of the handsomestlines of Calendars for 1915 that yoaeer saw. We can save you at least20 per cent on your orders. Don't-give them to a traveling agent conioin or phone us and let us show youour line. The Hayes Co. is one oftho largest in the world and theirwork is exquisite. Let us have yonrj order and save you some money andi at the same time make . little piecefor ourselves.-'EstimatesFurnished onJobs CompleteHandsome Lineof SamplesTelephone 78 1I Solicit Your Trade .ALBERT JON(tf)BOURBONNEWS.iOctotfsMG ian-tfl . , r.".,. " v 1S-Xv Z . 'J- ' imiiiiiinmiMft t'irfIh.His, V KBON NEWS, VAKIb, K n J lli K fFFKl A 19 14-tACbaigeable ClimateJS A CONSTANT THREAT TO THEHEALTH OF THE PEOPLE.Br. Ilartman, of Columbus, Ohio,'discusses an important health topicHe says:Yes, it is the climate, not the germs,that vre have to fear in this country.The perms are present, to be sure,and are of some significance indiagnosis. Climate, a changeableclimate, is the true cause of disease.The atmospheric pressure varies, thehumidity cf the atmosphere changes.Every day the temperature rises andfalls. All this presents to the bodyvery great trials to adjust to.The area of high pressure forms inthe northwest Moves rapidly southcast, subjecting millions of ourpopulation to its influence. The result is, thousands upon thousands ofpeople catch cold. A small per centof these thousands do not get well oftheir cold. It goes into pneumonia,or chrpnic catarrh, or bronchitis, orlaryngitis, or pleurisy,Now, what I am getting at Is this.These climatic changes are inevitable.No one can prevent them. The verybest we can do is toprepare for Jthem, defend ourselves against them.Good health is the best preventive.The very best Vigorous health, withexcess vitality, this i3 Nature's ownpreventive and protection.We do not all have thi3, however.Some of us must have assistance.The ar-Istance that I use for myself,would recommend for my friends touse, i neighbors and my countrymen, : . Pc-ru-na. Keep Pe-ru-na intho h :sc.If ' iO children indicate they arecatch. s cold, give them Pe-ru-na.If tie parents, the grandfather orgrandmother, present those symptomsthat are so well known which precedea cold, a few doses of Pe-ru-na andthe deed is dene.Some people are very subject tocolds. Others who have weak lungsand are timid about our winterweather, take Pe-ru-na off and onduring the whole wfnter season.The plan is a zjood one. The medicineis inexpensive. It does no possibleharm to the system. It keeps theappetite regular and keen. It assists digestion and helps the userthrough the inclement weather ofwinter.Dr. Chas. Perrier, police surgeon atNimes, France, concludes from experiments lasting ten years, thatthieves and incendiaries have thelongest feet; coiners come next.THE BEST COUGH MEDICINE"I've used Chamberlain's CoughRemedy ever since I have been keeping house," says L. C. Hames, of Marbury, Ala. "F consider it one of thebest remedies I have ever used. Mychildren have all taken it and itworks like a charm. For colds andwhooping cough it is excellent." Forsale by all dealers.(Feb) . adv)SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA TtiTJ Anfntxr- Pftwdpr ow" Mr Ibe dissolved in water as neeaea.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.ifor ten years the Lydla ii jemkhamlYledieMaCo.has recommended Pastinein their private correspondence with Iwomen, Trhich proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold.' Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxtou Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.THE CINCINNATIWEEKLYAMERICA'S GREATEST WEEkLY.PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY.What Weekly Enquirer IsThe Weekly Enquirer is today oneof tlu hsf- dollnr-n-vcar weeklv ae-ENQUIRER.riculturai newspapers published. Its5 Insurance Company Upheldfield is national ana it reaches eveiy Frankfort-Foreign, accident, inState and territory m the United demnity a health insurance com.States. It handles all the leading panies Uoing business in Kentuckycurrent news and market reports. It g not required under Section 693presents a complete summary of allthe Kentucky Statutes to have $150,the important events of the times. It 000 paid.up capital stock b t are 'has access to the Daily Enquirers ,ePened by Section 687 f reqniri ng themlarge staff of correspondents in theto deposit n0o,000 in this or someleading capitals of the world. It con- otheP state for one of thosetains numerous departments for theof hllsinoRS nmi ssn nno fnr o,i, .exclusive use of its subscribers. Itsfiction department is unexcelled. Inits field of farm news it is supreme.xou neeu tue wey ;ruijim .There is valuable information m eachir. -t xi. -rT--i-t-- . .T7 ..:-..issue for all the membersof your jfamily.Our special offer to club raisers.Fifty per cent, discount allowed tolanyone sending us a club of three ormore yearly subscribers one time -Make up a club of three or more andremit us only 50 cents for each name.Write today for a sample copy ofour big Premium and Clubbing Listit is free. You might send us thenames of a few df 3'our friends orneighbors whom you think would appreciate a real bargain offer.We want active agents in every rural community. If you are wellknown it will pay jou to investigate.We allow a big commission on all newand renewal subscriptions. AddressIHE WEEKLY ENQUIRER.:LW .CINCINNATI, OvOverthe Sit,&Put Poise-. , a Vit 'Hopkins ville uu Jvood alcohol for a flazori . tour students at Bethel Fein ?ge mixeda qac-niity of it ... rarebitwhich they were .. chafingdish. Ihey ale ui- l . 'jn andbecame extreme " i for theprompt arrival of Jlv, 1 :- the result might have b c rious.Ihe victims wereluisse Viola Radford,of Princeton; Fr.: ?r, ofPembroke, and Jirc jin iae3 andBertie Nichols, of Blg onFour Killed n R.naavHickman Mrs. W ,1'llp.r andher two children were ki" " at Sam-'burg, Tenn., when ihr hci s attached to the wagon in whih fhoy wereriding became unmanageable' andwoman's husband, who -v .lso inth wagon, escaped without injury.Kentuckian ConfessesCincinnati, O. Jacob Herrell, ofHenry county, Ky, cof-ss-"l to themurder of his wife, whose body wasfound under a bed at the Herrellapartments at 710 Mound street, lastWednesday evening. He stated thathe tola John Mason, jointly held withhim as a suspect, that he had killedhis wife. He stated that Mason wentto his home after he had made theconfession, and wrapped the body upafter which he thrust it under thebed.He told the police that he killedhis wife Tuesday morning. TJieweapon he used was a hammer.Shelby AssessmentShelbyville The County Board ofSupervisors added $429,250 to the returns of the assessor, making the total valuation of property in Shelbycounty subject to taxation, exclusiveof corporations, 12,792,650.Four Hurt in CollisionOwensboro John Scott and Hampton Johnson, of the Pettit neighborhood, are at the city hospital in aserious condition, and Mrs. W. F.Johnson, mother of the boy, is slightly injured, as is Steve Shepherd, asthe result of a collision on Frederickstreet late Saturday evening, whenSteve Shepherd drove his horse andbuggy into that of the Johnsons, inwhich sat Mrs. Johnson, and behindwhich the boy was standing.Acquit Aged SlayerWhitesburg The jury in the JohnBlevins murder case reached a verdict of acquittal after havjuig occupiedfour days of the session. Blevins,who is 64 years old, killed JosephCraft at McRoberts, November 11last year, in self-defense, it is said.Pardoned Too LateFrankfort "The nardon that crime i, too late" for Jesse Edmunds, a negroprisoner in the Eddyville penitentiarywas returned to XJov. McCreary bythe prison authorities, with the explanation that Edmunds died January28, the day the pardon was made outand mailed to him. He was dying oftuberculosis when the application wasmade. He was, sewing a sentencefor forgery committed in Barren county. Hamlett Preparing Bill'U't.o r Irf rx-r- di-nt- Ct..;i J jpublic instruction -RnrirRfii wamifis preparing a bill to be introducedin the General Assembly malane: theschool age in this Srate G to 18 yearsand providing for a bienniel insteadof an annual census. The presentlaw includes minors up to 20 years ofage. This is considered too highboth for an apportionment of theschool per capita and for making accurate comparisons aetwoen the attendance, as most youths over 18still in school are attending college.me annual school census is expensive and unnecessary in the opinion ofthe Superintendent.Low Value on FranchiseFrankfort In its netition for n nrA.liminary injunction restraining thecollection of franchise taxes under anassessment of 1913, a copy of whehreached Frankfort Monday, 'the Louisville &. Nashville asserts that on avaluation of 60 per cent, its franchiseassessment for 1913 in Kentuckvj should not be more than $2,569,586.-ub. The State Board of Valuationand Assessment, using a basis of 80pei cent, of the fair cash value, essessed it at $45,658,630.of business and $50,000 for. each additional line of business engaged in.This was the substance of an opinionhanded down by Judge Turner in the. Court f Appeals affirming judgmentw t. vUn nn rL -.:of the Franklin Circuit Court enjoining State Insurance CommissionerMatt C. Clay from revoking the license of the Employers' IndemnityCompany, of Philadelphia, for notllllirlntr lOnnA nl nn nnntlnl nnn1p. CQmpany aof $100,000, and ha s on deposit inPennsylvania $100,000, and engagesonly in industrial indemnity insurance. Vaccination to Be Enforced"Lexington At a meeting of theCity Board of Health it was decidedthat the Board had the right to compel all .persons to be vaccinated aidit was determined to employ powerwith all who refuse to submit to theBeard's order. City Health OfficerN. R. Simmons stated tbat four casesware disw.overa in "Dpr.fimhArr thirtv-ooe in January and twenty-three solrtrm the prent month. He urgedNewt,fe.IIaI wnen fI Buying IJ Baking 1I Powder 1For this is thebaking" powder mS that makes "thebaking better."It leavens the pfood evenly Af throughout; puffs .it up to airy light- Hncss, makes it dc-' flflightfully appetizing mm and wholesome.Remember Calumetjf is moderate ii price,s highest in quality. mI Ask your grocer for mCalumet. Don't take armS substitute.1IIReceived HighestAwardsIWorld's Pnro Food Exposition,ICMcago, lilinou, Paris Ezpositios,Frnr. SK.rrV 111?.France, JHarch, 1912.that a house-to-house canvass bemade and no resident of the city bepermitted to escape vaccination- TheBoard announced that it would support this action, and it was decided tosecure warrants for twenty-four persons who had refused to be vaccinated. Both the public and privateschools have been notified not to admit pupils who have not been vaccinated, and tho Board will send orders to factories and other businessestablishments to see that all employes are vaccinated. Any establishment which refuses to -obey willbe closed down by the Board.No Criminal CasesRichmond Circuit Court convenedhere with Judge James M. Benton, ofWinchester, presiding, and Commonwealth's Attorney Ben A. Crutcheron hand. There are no criminalcases for the term and the civil docket is unusually light.Archibald H. Rowland, sixty-eightyears old, the last but three of Gen.Sheridan's famous Jesse scouts, diedrecently in Pittsburg.INDIGESTION, GAS ORSICK, SOUR STOMACHTime "Pape's JDiapepsin!" In FiveMinutes all Stomach Miseryr isGone."Really does" put bad stomachs inorder ''really does overcome indigestion, dj'spepsia, gas, heartburn andsourness in live minutes that justthat makes Pape's Diapepsin thelargest selling stomach regulator inthe world. If what you eat fermentsinto stubborn lumps, you belch gasandeructate sour, undigested food andacid; head is dizzy and aches; breathfoul; tongue coated; your insidesfilled with bile and indigestiblewaste, remember the moment Pape'sDiapepsin comes in contact with thestomach all such distress vanishes.It's trulv astonishing almost marvelous, and the joy is its harmlessness. A large fifty-cent case of Pape's Diapepsin will give you a hundred dollars' worth of satisfaction or yourdruggist hands you your money back.It's worth its weight in gold to themen and women who can't get theirstomachs regulated. It belongs inyour home should arways' be "kepthandy in case of a sour, sick, upsetstomach during the day or at v nightIt's the quickest, surest" and mostharmlessstomach doctor' in theHJjHVLSmIAIiSSking powdeS;f tlT MADEBYTHETRLi3 Tee dra't taxt nunsry wtcn yon txy cip er liz-eaa 1ht in? pw&er. Doa't to rciilcd. Bey Calaisei. It's IB caorc ecsxotaHexl zsorc w&skront, gtvee best racks. I1 Calcaaet h far rcocricr to ocr irt'li and ccda.world - Cj ... iTilJr;i:JYOU'RE BILIOUS "ANDCOSTIVE CASCARET8Sick Headache or VSour Stomachs Means Sluggish Liver and BowelsGet a 10-cent box now.Furred tongue, bad taste, indigestion, sallow skin and miserable headache come from a torpid liver andclogged bowels, which cause yourstomach to become filled with undigested food, which sours and fermentslike garbage in a swill barrel. Thatis the first step to untold miseryindigestino, foul gases, bad breath,yellow skin, mental fears, everything that is horrible and nauseating.A Cascaret tonight will give yourbowels a thorough cleansing andstraighten you out by morning. Theywork while you sleep a en-cent boxfrom your druggist will keep you feeling fine for months. Millions of menand women take a Cascaret now andthen to keep their stomach, liver andbowels regulated, and never know amiserable moment. Don't forget thechildren their little, insides need agood, gentle cleansing, too.(adv)No Doubt About What He MesnfcBass "I suppose you think I'm' afool?" Cass "That's what troublesme. If your supposition is correct,then you are a mind-reader, and therefore you cannot be a fool; and yet'well, you understand."Seeking to Improve TelephoneBecause the microphone of a "telejhone transmitter becomes more sensitive in rarified air, German electri!ans are trying to make a practical' Dplication of the phenomenon.Declaration of Independence."My dear, I see you are havingsome clothes made for your poodle.""Yes; it is the latest fad." "Well, !serve notice right here that I don'tbutton any dogs down the back."Louisville Couripr-Jnur"iNEWS' SPECIAL SO DAY RATE,WITH THE LOUISVILLE POSTFor the next thirty days the Newswill offer to the people of this sectionthe Louisvlle Evening Post, the Farmand Home and this publication forone for $3.75. This extremely lowprice will be in force only for thetime specified above. The EveningPost, which is one of the best independent daily newspapers in theSouth, has a regular subscriptionprice of $3.00 per year, the Farm andHome 50 cents, and the BourbonNews ?2.00 per year, making thecost of the three papers at the regular price $6.00. The early subscriberwill be given the benefit of $2.75. Inmakins this clubbing rate it is understood that the subscription to thevPost will be sent by mail, and in nocase delivered to the subscribers bythe city carrier. All subscriptionsmust be sent toTHE BOURBON NEWS,Paris. Kentucky.An Ordinance!CITY HALL, PARIS, KY.,January 22, 1914.Section 1. Be it ordained by theMayor and Board of Council of theCity of Paris, Ky.WHEREAS, It is deemed desirableto reduce the boundaries of the Cityof Paris t)y taking out of and excluding from the City os Faris the following lands now used for farming purposes, to-wit:".Beginning on stoner ureeK at apoint -where the property of Mrs. Nannie Clay Hancock: joins tue pump jstation property, and running along jStoner Creejc as it meanders to the!mouth of Kennedy's Creek, and, thence Iin a straight line to the Winchesterpike so as to include all the landsformerly owned by we late GarrardDavis and now owned by Mrs. Nannieday Hancock, and thence in the middle of said Winchester turnpikenorthwardly to a point 320 feet southof Hal Woodford's corner; thence ina straight line to the place of beginning."It is therefore ordered and ordained that the parcel of land above setout by metes and bounds be excludedfrom and taken put of and strickenfrom the present boundaries of theCity of ParisSECTION 2. This ordinance shallbe published for not less than three(3) weeks in the Bourbon News, published in Paris, Kentucky.SECTION 3. Within thirty days after the adoption, publication and advertisement of this ordinance a petition shall be filed in the CircuitCourt of Bourbon County in the nameand on behalf of the city setting forththe passage, publication and advertisement of this ordinance, the objectand purpose thereof together with anaccurate description by metes andbounds of the territory proposed to bestricken from the city and praying fora judgment of the court to strike fromthe city; and said petition shall befiled not less than twenty days beforethe first day of the nest succeedingterm of the Bourbon Circuit Court.J. T. HINTON, Mayor.Attest: J. W. HAYDEN, Cleric23-3wks-eotr r n i H murtrw rn -MC&A9)tacbtilReliable evidence is abundant that womocr-tare constantly being restored to health frrLydla E. Pinkham's Vegetable CompoundThe many testimonial letterslishingm the newspapers hundreds of them are alline, true and unsolicited expressions of heartfelt gratitii tfor the freedom from suffering that has come to theewomen solely through the use of Lydia E. Pinkhanil?Vegetable Compound fMoney could not buy nor any kind of influence obtain isuch recommendations ; you may depend upon it Jbat any itestimonial we publish is honest and true if you have any 'doubt of this write to the women whose true names and,addresses are always given, and learn for yourself.Read this one from Mrs. Waters: tCamden, K.J. "1 was sick for two years with, nervous spalls, knc Imy kidneys were affected. I had a doctor all the time and used -galvanic battery, but nothing did me anjrgood. I was not able to goto bed, but spent my time on a couch or in a sleeping-chair, and soon,became almost a skeleton. Finally my doctor went away for hhealth, and my husband heard of Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound and got me some. In two months I got relief an&noiram like a new woman and am at my usual weight. I recommend,your medicine to every one and so does my husband." Mrs. TtllibWaters, 1135 .Knight St., Camden, 2T. J. FAnd this one from Mrs. Haddock:XTtica, Obxa. "I was weak and nervous, not able to do my "worfcand scarcely able to be on my feet. I had backache, headache, palpitation of the heart, trouble with my bowels, and inflammation. Sinetaking the Lydia E. Pinkham's v egetable Compound I am befcUr 'than I have been for twenty years. I think it is a wonderful medicine and I have recommended it to others.5 Mrs. Maey Asm Had-;dock, Utiea, Oklahoma.Now answer this question if you can. Why should- 'woman continue to suffer without first giving Lydia EPinkham's Vegetable Compound a trial ? You know thatit has saved many others why should it fail in your case?For 30 years Lydia E Pinkham's VegetableCompound has been tho standard remedy for fe.male ills. No one sick with woman's ailmentsdoes justice to herself if she does not try this famous medicine made from roots and herbs, ithas restored so many suffering worn en toliealth.5Write to LYDIA E.PINKHAM MEDICINE CO.iF (CONFIDENTIAL) LYJftf, MASS., for advice.Your letter will he opened, road and answeredby a woman and held in strict confidence.L. 6c n. time-table:EFFECTIVETrains Arrive -"No. FROM . ' ' s x34 Atlanta, Ga Daily , : :f.5:21ara134 Lexington, Ky., Daily r 5:18 acrs29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y ... 5:2$ p.7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:38 as10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:4Cauct40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,. 7:43u&37 Cincinnati, O., Daily 1 9:3Sas3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday lQ:2i,jun12 Lexington, Ky., Daily , 20:15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 20:24 am2G Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .- 3:10 p9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday r ".... 3:15 pes138 Lexington, Ky., Daily -a... 3:83pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily I... 3:30 pso5 Maysville, Ky., Daily '.... , 5:36 pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily. 6:lpan32 Jacksonville, Pla., Daily : 6:23 p31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:5proTrains IDe-pstrtNo.34474010293733oo62G13TOCincinnati, O., Daily 5:2S asaMaysville, Ky.t Daily Except Sunday .-. . . 5: 35 ami.Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 7:47 anCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday . 7:50 axMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7;5aLexington, Ky., Daily .- ': -. SsMmKnoxville, Tenn., Daily ?. j3Jacksonville, Fla., Daily K- : A&:3S'anrLexington, Ky., Daily :... " J!:?IaEkMaysville, Ky., Daily ?? pm"Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:4 am-Lexington, Ky., Dally Except Sunday 3:3i pmP.inninnatL O.. Daily t:40pM389 Rowland, Ky.; Daily Except Sunday.. ..v.. .-;; :fja r.ovinrrMn Vv. Hnilv Tcont Sundav 5:5o39Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.3283031131Cincinnati, O., DailyMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday...Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . .Lexington, Ky., DailyAtlanta, Ga., DailyWdtsCZ. "ISVEES-T-A-aBIjEfTrades -jrrireFROMFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:49 anFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 5jo9 pTretiris XDe-art!TOFrankkfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8:30 an.Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , :25liqNo.24No.13i rfm -&&MONYl.r-"-.1"-.. 5LW.i IM-. 5in&pWetellyahw, ad pay best marketprices. We re dealers: establishedr i ka? and can do BETTER for VeUthan agents or cpnjinissioe fiierchants. References any bank in Louisville. Write for weekly price list.m. sabe!l & SONS227-231 . 33 t MwWt St. tfWSIKlE, KY.DVttor hi FURS, HIDCS, WLvOTnenV Jthat we are continuallyOCT. 19, 1913o-:apft-PM'eerier::BJpHi10s6?piaFMLOil.percenl,aHtr$mW. KG & SON,r25 Chearslcfe.LGxiton. kC&Four coppers couldi't bwie HfiKenney, 41, a soldier, wb W tto put him in a cell ia IsTewr Yertr."Tensun! Right foe! Mrchr y&od -Liut. Melaif ,- - aftr - jtkcwakt, ad Keaaty mmr beM4Uha WtTf.j- .EftTsTffnS&vSr1'J.!.Vi-" ' " vrv5 i- ? ci-" -.f.fttF, . v fs?;,..T$TrK-irfx'rr4 '$.A.XV'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY,, FEBRUARY 6, 1914I, ij.C iNfitHIJtA?!X 1f V1ft IiREU6I0US- Mrs. It. O. ftfangum has organized- Yoag Woman's Soeiey in the BapX3t,$jkixch, and the first meeting wasImML yesterday evening with MissPalsy Clark, at her home on FifteenthLHALEY-SMITH.- Miss Flora Haley and Mr. George"SKh, both of Bourbon county, wereiwurried at the :ourt house Tuesdayhj Judge C. A. McMillan.. PARRISH FREDERICK.Miss Minnie Parrish and Mr. Ei-zm Frederick, both of this county,"were united in marriage yesterday by-Jfcdge C. A. McMilhm, in his office at"t&e court house.UVERY OUTFIT AT AUCTIONThe entire outfit belonging to Dandeed's CLivery Stable will be sold to-morrowat ten ,o'clock on the premises. 'If you need a buggy, horse,-"wagon or carriage, it will be a rare-opportunity to 'purchase.(6-lt)FORSYTHincest M. Forsyth, of Lexington,die suddenly Jtfonday afternoon, nearHkrrodsburg, while riding in his buggy. He was returning from theCkinn & Forsyth farm, where he hadoae to make a deal for the walnuttress with Mrs. Georgia Sims, wholias the contract for clearing the tim"ber forest on that farm, when hewa& met by Nat Vanarsdell, a farmerthat vicinity. Vanarsdell noticedtfee horse trotting at ease withoutmidance, and discovered that Forsyth"was unconscious and dying. Vanarsd31 "hastily got into the buggy anddrove- the two miles to Harrodsburg,'biafc the stricken man died before heculd be taken to a doctor.Mr. Forsyth was well-known in thisSty, where he resided several yearsgo, while engaged in buying walnut'timber.Hog Lost.Black Poland-China boar,afcou 450 pounds; has been3ot a week. Reward forweighsmissingreturnor for any information leading to hisrecovery.HARRY BALDWIN.1H01IDEATHJanuaryClearance Sale imNow Going On !Big CutWinterTwin Bios.Seventh and MainOnly a Day31 MOINDAY,February 23,ARRIVAL OFREX2 p. m.j andProteus j Parade' At NightNew Orleans$19.80Tickets on Sale Daily February 1 7 to 23 Inclusive.. Sleeping Car Fare $4 fco $4.50 Each WayExtension Limit on Tickets to March 23The Approximate Total Cost For the Round Trip1L Estimate for five days board"per day at good hotels, tn which add the atiove railroad andN. Agentjor printed list ofGRAND JURY WILLINVESTIGATE BILLSFayette Body to Probe Alleged Excessive ChargesFor Natural GasLEXINGTON, KY., Feb. 5. Thegrand jury of Fayette county todaybegan an investigation of the increasein the gas bills as presented by theCentral Kentucky Natural Gas Co.,for the month of January.At ten o'clock this morning, thegrand jury headed by Foreman Strodefiled into the CircuitCourt room andForeman Strode stated that the inquisitorial body desired instructionsfrom the court as to the matter ofwhich the foreman spoke yesterday,namely the increased gas bills.Foreman Strode stated that thejurymen had received so many complaints that he thought the mattershould be presented to the court foradvice.Judge Kerr said that during thelast twenty-four hours he had received as many compraints about gasbills as he had ever received in thatlength of time about any question affecting the public.He said he had talked with attorneys and considered the question ofgiving the jurymen instructions in regard to the matter. The court statedthat the jurymen certainly had a rightto make an investigation of the matter and if facts developed to warrantan indictment such should be returned. Judge "Kerr told the jurymen thatthey had a right to summon anyonebefore them that they desired andcompel them to give testimony.Officials of the Central KentucyNatural Gas Co., stated that they welcomed an investigation. A numberof witnesses have been summoned toappear before the grand jury-MINISTER ENDORSES CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDYRev. James A. Lewis, Milaca, Minn,writes: "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has been a welcome and neededguest in our home for a number ofyears. I highly reccommend it to myfellows as being a medicine worthyof trial in cases of colds, coughs, andRemedy a trial and we are confidentcroup." Giv e Chamberlain's Coughyou will find it very effectual and continue to use it as occasion requiresfor years to come, as many othershave done. For sale by all dealers.(Feb.) (adv)y4MM-on AHGoodsDepSts., Paris, Ky.;Sid,and Night to New Orleans!WHAT IT WILL COST TOMardi GrasThe Two Big Days; Feb. 23 and 24Mobile$18.00Pensacola$20.30Round Trip From Parisand lodging at $1.00 per day inRooming jEouses and Hotels.THE MARKETS.iChicago Grain.CHICAGO, Feb. 5 Wheat opened ashade to one-eighth higher and wasfollowed by a moderate further gain.Corn prices started unchanged to oneeighth at one-quarter lower, but thenadvanced to about last night's level.Oats developed firmness because ofthe action of the other grain. Sellerswere few and scattered. Corn closedeasy at one-eighth to one-quarter netadvance. May closed at 65 3-4c andJuly at 65c. Wheat closed easy at ashade to one-eighth over last night at92 7-Sc for May and 88 5-8 for July.Oats closed firm at 39 1-8 for May andJuly.Cincinnati Grain.CINCINNATI, Feb. 5 W h ej a tsteady, 9899c; corn steady, 6970coats steady, 41411-2c; rye steady,6364c.Chicago Live StockCHICAGO, Feb. 5 Hog receipts 23,000; market strong; bulk of sales,$8.458.60; light, -$8.30 8.57 1-2;mixed, ?8.358.60; heavy, $8.308.621-2; rough, $8.308.35; pigs,- $6.908.35. Cattle receipts 3,000; marketsteady; beeves,$7.10 9.50; Texassteers, $6.908.00; stockers and feeders, $5.508.10; cows and heifers,3.508.50; calves , $7.2510.25.Sheep receipts 16,0?0; market slow;native, $4.706.00; yearlings, 5.706.85; lambs, native ?6.757.80.Cincinnati Live Stock.CINCINNATI, Feb. 5 Hog receipts2,052; market active and strong;packers, $8.708.85; common sows,$5.758.35; pigs and lights, $6.008.65; stags, $4.757.50. Cattle receipts 300; market steady and quiet;calves steady. Sheep receipts, 4;market steady; lambs strong, S5.758.25.Cincinnati Provision.CINCINNATI, Feb. 5 Provisionssteady; butter steady; eggs easy,prime firsts 24 l-2c; firsts, 2223 1-2;seconds, 21c. Poultry steady, sprlng-ers,-1620c;hens, 15c; turkeys, 19c.HOW IS YpUR BOILER?It has been stated that a man'sstomach is his boiler, his body is hisengine, and his mouth is his fire-box.is your boiler (stomach) in good working order or is it so weak that it willnot stand a fulLload and not -be ableto supply the needed energy to yourengine (body)? If you have anytrouble with yonr stomach Chamberlain's Tablets will do you good. Theystrengthen and invigorate the stomach and enable it to do its wok naturally. Many very, remarkable curesof stomach trouble have been effectedby them. For sale by all dealers.(Feb.) (adv)ARRANGEMENTS COMPLETE FORMEETING OF ODD FELLOWSArrangements for the Seventh District meeting of the Grand Lodge ofthe Independent Order of Odd Fellowsof Kentucky, which will be held inParis on the afternoon and evening ofMonday, Feb. 9, are almost complete.Those who have charge of the workwill meet in the hall of BourbonLodge Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clockto complete the arrangements.All the Grand -Lodge Officers areexpected to be here for this meeting.There will be representatives fromthe thirty-three lodges of the districtcomposed of Bourbon and twelveneighboring counties.All members of Bourbon Lodge whoare Past Grands are urged to attendthe afternoon meeting which will becalled to order by the Grand Masterpromptly at three o'clock. At thismeeting the Grand Lodge degree willbe conferred on all Past Grands whohave not had it. Other matter of interest to all members of the orderwill be discussed at this meeting.At 7:30 p. m. a neeting of the subordinate lodge will be held and theinitiatory degree will be conferred ona number of candidates. All membersof the 'order including initiatory, first,second and third degrees are requested to attend this meeting.Notice has been received that fiftyor more visitors from Lexington alonewill be in attendance at the nightmeeting and it s hoped that everymember of Bourbon odge will comeout to extend fraternal greetings tothe visiting brethren.!SEETUESDAY, iFebruary 24PARADE OFREX IHO a. m., andComus ParadeAt Night: ibest private-homes, or $2.00Pullman fares. Apply to L. &'MSGWIPPEDTOiePresident Wilson Iifts Embargo on Implementsof "WarWASHINGTON, Feb. S.he rightto ship arms and ammunition acrossthe American boundary into Mexicothrough the regular channels of commerce Wednesday was extended toboth the forces of the Huerta government and Constitutionalists, a situaion unprecedented since the first outbreak of internal hostilities in that republic in November 1910.Instructions went forth to customsagents of the American governmentalong the border, as well as to thearmy officers in charge of the borderpatrol notifying them of the proclamation by President Wilson raising theembargo on arms.The Constitutionalists hold most ofthe customs houses on the Mexicanside of the international line, and nowthrough Brownsville, Texas, to Matamoras, from Presidio, Texas, to Ojinaga, from El Paso to Juarez, as wellas such important points as Dougla3and Nogales.No orders for the withdrawal ofUnited States troops from the borderwill be issued by the War Departmentunless recommendations are made byBrigadier General Bliss, in commandthere.The President, by his executive order, places the contending elementson a basis of equality with respect tothe purchase of arms and supplies in!this country.The executive order emphasizedthat it was the desire of the UnitedStates to be in the same position ofneutrality toward the contending factions in Mexico as were the otherpowers.THE BEST COUGH MEDICINE"I've used Chamberlain's CoughRemedy ever, since I have been keeping house," says L. C. Hames, of Marbury, Ala. "I consider it one of thebest remedies I have ever used. Mychildren have all taken it and itworks like a charm. For colds andwhooping cough it is excellent." Forsale by all dealers.(Feb) adv)NEWS' SPECIAL 30 DAY RATEWITH THE LOUISVILLE POSTFor the next thirty days the Newswill offer to the people of this sectionthe Louisvlle Evening Post, the Farmand Home and this publication forone for $3.75. This extremely lowprice will be in force only for thetime specified above. The EveningPost, which is one of the best independent daily newspapers in theSouth, has a regular ' subscriptionprice of 3.00 per year, the Farm andHome 50 cents, and the BourbonNews S2.00 per year, making thecost of tho three papers at the regular price $6.00. The early subscriberwill be given the benefit of $2.75. Inmaking this clubbing rate it is understood that the subscription to thePost will be sent by mail, and in nocase delivered to the subscribers bythe city carrier. Alk subscriptionsmust be sent toTHE BOURBON NEWS,Paris. Kentucky.INVITATION TO FARMERSWe especially invite the farmers ofBourbon county to make our banktheir headquarters when in Paris.Make arrangements to meet yourfriends here with the assurance thatyou are, at all times, welcome to useour rooms for the transaction of yourbusiness.(23-tf) PEOPLES BANK.331,000 MEN IN NEWYORK OUT OF WORKStatistics gathered by the employment bureau of the Society for Improving the Condition of the Poor,showing that 331,006 men in NewYork. City are out of work, furnishedan interesting study for employersand social economists. As a result ofa canvass of manufacturers, contractors . and merchants, the bureaureported that present conditions areabnormal and he worst since the win-!ter of 1907-1908."Most of the employers feel, however, ".that business relief is in sightand that a very few months will seethe return of normal business conditions." $10,000 A YEAR PAIDFOR A TRACT OF LANDW. D. Mclntyre, of Millersburg,H. S. Caywood, of Xortk Middletown,and D. M. Curry, of Nicholas county,recently closed a deal with the heirsof the late C. M. Clay for the lease of4,750 acres of land lying in Nicholasand Fleming counties at the UpperBlue Lcks, for a term of five years, atan annual rental of $10,000. Underthe terms of the lease the lessees areallowed to raise one hundred and fiFty acres of tobacco and two hundredand fifty acres of corn each year.This will leave something over fourthousand acres for pasturage of cattle, sheep and such other live stockas the lessees may choose to handle, the farm, which is largely hilly,being especially suited to the raisingof sheep. Much of the land,' toe, isexcellent tobacco land. During theseason of 1912 much of the finest tobacco sold on the market here wasraised for Mr. Clay on this farm andbrought to Paris to be sold.Mr. D. M. Curry, one of the lessees,has lived on the farm for many yearsas manager for Mr. Clay and is. thoroughly familiar with it. He will'continue to live there and will probably be the resident manager. Theirlease wll begin March 1.IGOrHath AluaiiQ ffiK thftB6 ai Lowest Prices ! IPotatoes, fancv Northern Slock, ner nk. 30c 1, j . 7 g, j.Potatoes, fancy Northern Stock, per bo. $1.00Navy Beans, ber lb ,. . .- 5cKidney Beanspsr lb.. .- . . .'. . . .".8 l-3cTomatoes, per can -W v r10c3 cans Standard Corn, i .- 25cSweet Potatoes, per can f. .,... .' 10c3 packages Gold Metal Oats. .- . .25e2 large size Mackerel -- 15e3 large size packages Maccaroni 25c6 bars Octagon Soap. . . 25e6 bars Clean-Easy Soap 25c7 bars Lenox Soap .' 25c20 lbs. best Eastern Sugar 1.00(With a three dollar purchase)Stone's Silver Slice Cakes received fresh daily.Order early and your order "will be delivered on time.T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234MONTCOMERYr,MENEFEEDISTRtCT ELECTS JUDYUnofficial returns from Menefeeand Montgomery countie3 snow thatJohn A. Judy, Democrat, has defeatedJ. R. Lyons, Republican, by 610 ma-jority, carrying both counties. Juayis a prominent young attorney ofMontgomery. He was selected to3ucceed Representative Samuel Tur-ley, wno died suddenly wm;e tne legislature was in session.SPECIAL ON GAS HEATERS.Special prices on Gas Heaters. 25per cent off on all largo Heaters.(20-tf) A. F. WHEELER & -CO.STEVE KANE SIGNSWITH THE FEDERALSSteve Kane, of Louisville, wellknown in Paris, where he umpiredduring the life of the Blue Grassiusuu-, u fcl5ucu . a.major league salary with the FederalT .A-.. T-"i" nr - -Crtr -rll 1-4-Liettoue. xvaiic woo ucc ,cu. ,uthe time he signed, so there s is no ( phySlcian 0r head of a family whochance for him to "get m bad with'ahall fail or refuse to rt JQorganised baseball by joining the newcircuit.SALE TOMORROWDon't forget the sale of Dan Peed'slivery outfit tomorrow at ten o'clock.Buggies, harness, wagons, carriages,etc., will be sold for what they willbring. 6-lt)SCOTT COUNTY MANFATALLY STABBED AT DANCEWill Wright was probably fatallystabbed in an altercation after adance given at the home of Vargil Mc-Knight, in Scott county. The causeof the trouble could not be learned.All but a few of the guests had gonewhen the groans of a man were heardcoming from the lawn, and, rushingout they found Wright soaken inblood from wounds in the throat,back and neck. He is a highly respected farmer.SALE TOMORROWDon't forget the sale of Dan Peed'slivery outfit tomorrow at ten o'clock.Buggies, harness, wagons, carriages,etc., will be sold for what they willbring. (6-lt)L. & N.TO ERECT LARGECOALING STATION HEREIn order to be able to meet the demand of the large number of locomotives on this division of the L. & N.the company has completed plans forerecting a coaling station in theSouth yards, that will cost approximately $45,000.The new coaling plant, will be constructed of concrete and steel andwhen completed will have a storagecapacity of 12,500 tons of coal.Under the present arrangementsthe old coaling bins reach but onetrack, but with the new plant tnecompany can coal engines on threedifferent tracks simultaneously, andwhich will mean a great saving intime, due to the heavy traific in coalParis.The new coaling plant in Paris willcover more ground than the presentbins. An immense steel crane, withan 80-foot radius, will be installed andused for unloading coal from the storage plant to the bins. The coal fromthe cars, it is said, will be droppedinto 'a hopper, and' the product willin turn be taken to te bins by meansof endless chain conveyors, whichwill be operated by steam.Work on the new improvement willbe commenced on or before March 1.In the meantime the company willuse up the present supply of coal inthS storage bins, amounting to about6,000 tons. The,L. & N. Companyuses about 500 "tons of Kentucky coaleach day at the coaling station in thiscity."iIJThree IndictmentsWilliamstown Thft irranfl inrv tpturned threfi indfctmentR ?u?sm.Mexpuder McCann and Hugh Mitchellf the tw0 negroes -.7Ho held up several negroes at Dry Ridge Sundajaild robbed them at lue point of a re, Volver, and fatally wounded John Bryson who j a Cincinnati hospitalMonday morning. The Indictmentswere for wilful murder,resisting an officer.robery antBUILDING ASSOCIATIONELECTS NEW OFFICERSThe Nicholas County Building ancSavings Association, doing business atCarlisle, has elected the followinf.officers for 1914: President, E. O. Dorsey; vice-president and treasurer, HM. Taylor; secretary, Sam K. YeachNOTICE FROM HEALTH BOARDPhysicians and heads of familieslare respectfully referred to Sectior2(J6(K f th EenUlcky statutes, -wbici, nrnv-1oc n9m fnllA1Mf utb' rI r vw T"Section 2060" 5 " . TtVioeai uoara ot neaitn in cases ocholera, smallpox, yellow fever, scarlet fever, diphtheria and other epiJ demic diseases as provided for in Section 2055 of the act mentioned ix.the title of this act, shall be fined no"less than five dollars for each da:he neglects or refuses to report(Section as amended by Act of Marcl.3, 1894)Please take due notice and govef'vourselves accordingly.A. H. KEfiTRR,City Health-officerBy order of Board of Health.Paris, Ky., Jan. 15, 1914.(16.jan-tf)SMALL POX SAID TO BERAGING IN YEXINGTON,While Paris has been suffering t:some extent from small pox duringthe past few months, neighboringtowns and counties are having theirtroubles with, the disease, and it i-said Lexngton has more than itshare. A reputible citizen of thattown was in Paris yesterday andstated that newspaper reports of theconditions there were entirely misleading and that ti:ere were morethan a hundred cases in and aroundthat city. New cases are appearingeach day and the health authorities,seem utterly powerless to check thfspread. Wholesale vaccinations arethe result of a sweeping order of tlitboard of health, and more than 2,000vaccine points have been received bjthe city authorities and scores havebeen vaccinated. An order issuedprohibits children who have not bee.ivaccinated from ascending school.More than thirty-five cases of smallpox, it is said, ha apperaed thereduring the week.Noticfe!Notice is hereby given thatW. 0. Hinton, E. T. Hinton andAlbert Hinton have taken overas of January 1, 1914, the Housefurnishing and Undertaking business heretofore conducted bythe undersigned and that thesaid parties wji hereafter conduct and operate said business'under the name and style of"The J. T. Hinton Company.', . .-, ., -In surrendering said business,! meludino: its assets and goodwill, to the aforementioned parties the undersigned gives noticethat he is no longer an ownertherein. rMnmtJ. T. HINTON.'tr"VVi: -A Vh,fv;i ..t$i'X.?":j iV -v - -v .4.J"rtTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCRY, FEBRUARY 6, 1914WWwmMMIiSJGlAL AND PERSONAL.HAS THE SESTOF ALL LINES MADECLOVER SEED.We have highestgrade of Red Cover,Alsifce, Alf alf a andTimothy Seed at rightprices. See tss beforeplacing your order.Chas. S. Brent Sc Bro.3G-tf Phones 1 4.ADMINISTRATOR -OF J. H.SMOOT IS APPOINTED.Yeserday in the county court, Mr.Bnckner Woodford was appointed administrator of the estate of Jos. H.Smoot. He qualified with BuclmerWoodford, Jr., as surety.EGGS! EGGS!All the nice fresh eggs you want at35 cents per dozen.C. P. COOK & CO.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCKSELL MULES TO TKE"CITY.Caywcod & McClintock, the Parisstock dealers, sold yesterday to MayorJ. T. I'intcn, for the City o Paris, apair c" black horse mules for $525.The r Ir weighed 2rf00 pounds.EL.UEGRAS3 SEEDNo. is the time to plant blue grassseed. We have a caoice lot of fineclean seed we are ssJmg in smallQuantities for use on lawns, etc.This seed will grow. Phone in yourorder.(C-lt) JOHN SAUERMR. RAMAGE WILL DELIVERADDRESS TO MEN AND BOYSThe second meeting under the auspices of the local Young ?en's Christian Association will be held next Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock, in thewill be Mr. Gus Ramage, of Lexington, and he will have for his topic,"A Young Man's Birthright." Menand boys are cordially invited.LADIES' SUITS AND COATSSuits andthan cost.(6-tf)coats at cost and les3, HARRY SIMONLUNCH SAUSAGE."New supply of lunch sausage of allkinds.(6-lt) C. P. COOK & CO.C. W. B. M. TO HAVENIEETING THIS AFTERNOONi " is proposed by the X. A- 3t. to havetiie markers or natural oouiaers, piac--ed.at principal places along the trailund to bear the insoriiJtion.V'Boone's, .Trail from North Carolina to Kentucky, 1775." , .Mr. and Mrs. Alex Baird are vis-l Hie talks of both Mrs. Thompsonting in Chicago. j and Miss Watson were interesting andMrs. Logan Howard is ill a her I were heard with much pleasure. Mrs.heme on Walker avenue. 'Thompson before her marriage wasMT-n ori i,fw w "CM T,ir.iroi- Toff Miss May Ringo, of Bourbon countylaaTn&rtor Nw Yorl4 "" .Si3ter "" ?"Mrs. Chas. Steenbergen has re- The following delegates and ten al-turned from a visit in West Virginia. : ternates were- elected to represent theParis Chapter at the twenty-third annual conference o be held at Weash-The February meeting of the C. W.B. M. will be held this afternoon in theparlors of the Christian church, at2:30 o'clock. Mrs. Custis Talbott,Miss Corinne Collins left yesterday for a visit to friends in Detroit,Mich.Mrs. Robert Meteer entertainedyesterday afternoon at her home onthe Lexington pike.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Simon leftWednesday for a business trip to Chicago and New York.Mrs. F. P. Campbell is quite illat her home on High street with anacute attack of tonsilitis.Mrs. Withers Davis and daughter, Anne Jouett, of this city, are visiting Mrs. Laura Ecton, in Winchester. Mrs. W. S. Dale has returned toher home in Covington after a visitto her parents, Mr. and Mrs. L. D.Harris, in this city.Mrs. Belle Brent Alexander leftWednesday for Covington, to bewith her daughter, Mrs. J. U. Howard, who has been quite ill.Mrs. J. O. Marshall and son havereturned to their home in this city,after a visit to the former's mother,Mrs. M. E. Lydick, in Cynthiana.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, returned yesterday froni St. Louis, where he attended the 'meeting of the "Men andMillions" movement.Miss Helen Daugherty, who hasbeen teaching in the public schoolsat Winchester, is at the home of hermother, Mrs. C. A. Daugherty, in thiscity, suffering from a severe attackof grip.Mr. Shelby Kiser, of Kiserton,who was for some time in a desperate condition, and who has for thepast six weeks been confined in St.Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, following an operation, was able to bemoved to. his home Tuesday.The Paris Literary Club nietjWednesday afternoon and the subjectfor consideration was "A More Worthy Drama." A paper on "Thei Drama League of America," was readby Mrs. William G. Talbott, followedby Mrs. J. T. Vansanl with a paper on"The Drama Recognition by theState." The paper on "JuvenilePlays," by Mrs. Hutchcraft, was postponed in order that the club might accept the invitation of the ProgressiveCulture Club to attend its -meeting.The Women's Missionary Societyof the Methodist church held an allday meeting yesterday. The morningsesion began at 10:30 o'clock. Mrs.H A. Pawer presided over the business meeting and the officers of thesociety were installed by Mrs. Grubbs,of Winchester, who also gave a talkon the work of the organization. Atthe afternoon session, Mrs. O. B.Crockett, of Nicholasville, installeding, his subject being "The Power ofGold."NEW GOODS JUST RECEIVEDchairman. Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorof the church, will address the meet- j the officers of the Young People's So-New white goods and wash goods,just received.(6-tf) HARRY SIMONciety, and Mrs. Grubbs gave a talk onThe Pledge."Dr. H. G. Shearin, president ofHamilton College, Lexington, waslL.LU UJ Cb JUlb 11 U t U. c.U XrlLX JLiiiVOington City jMrs. R. C. Talbott, ex-ofncio delegate with Mrs. William G. McClintock, alternate; MrA Louis Rogers,delegate, with Miss Letitia Hedges, alternate; other alternats, Mrs. C. Arnsparger, Miss Mary F. Hutchcraft,Mrs. William G. Talbott, Mrs. JosephEwalt, Miss Annie May, Dr. LydiaPogue, Mrs. Woodford Spears, MissMary Woodford and Mrs. George Alexander. After the meeting a reception wastendered to the guests of honor, coffeeand n variety of sandwiches beingserved. The hall was appropriatelydecorated with portraits of GeorgeWashington, American flogs and redcarnations.Mrs. Salle Neely has returnedfrom a visit in Danville.Miss Pansy Dean, of Frankfort, isvisiting relatives in this city.Mrs. Carl Woodward, 'of Lexington, has been the guest of Mrs. T. G.Morris, in this city..Mrs. M. P. Vischer and Miss Eliza,beth Settle left Wednesday for Mt.Sterling to reside permanently. .Mis3 Matilda James is confined toher home on Second street sufferingfrom the effects of vaccination.Miss Elizabeth Burgin has-, returned to her home in Nicholasvilleafter a visit to Miss Mattie Miller.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mrs. MaryD. Evans, of Bourbon county, is aguest of her parents,' Mr. and Mrs.Wm. Ardery."Mrs. Lena Brooirihall, of Cincinnati, arrived Wednesday for a visitto her sister, Mrs. F. L. Walker, onHouston avenue.Mrs. Emma Haas has returned toher home in Kansas City, Mo., aftera protracted visit to Mrs, A. J. Winters in this city.Mr"s. Cassius M. Clay, of this city,and her sister, Mrs. Samuel Stone, offLouisville, will leave this week for atrip to Panama.Mr. Ed. Turner was able to be intown yesterday after a short illnessduring which he was confined to a hospital in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Albert Hinton aremoving from Pleasant street to thehouse on High street just completedand owned by Mr. J. T. Hinton.Mr. George Gregory, of Paris,who has been confined to the St. Joseph Hospital, in Lexington, for several days suffering from a nervousbreakdown, is somewhat improved.Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Sayles entertained at their home on Fifteenthstreet Wednesday afternoon for theirchildren Alma and Edward Sayles.UNITED STATES post office,-Paris,Kentucky. Office of Custodian, January 31, 1914. Sealed proposals willbe received at this building until 2o'clock, p. m., Feb. 24, 1914, and thenopened, for furnishing electric current, gas, water, ice and 'miscellaneous supplies, removing ashes and rubbish, and washing towels during theLfiscal year ending June 30. 1915.Sealed proposals will also be received until ? o'clock, p. m., April 10,19,14, and then opened, for 50 tonsbituminous coal and 2 cords wood.The right to reject any and all bidsis reserved by the Treasury Department. N. A. Moore, Custodian(6-2t)BAPTIST LADIES TO HAVEHall Wednesday afternoon, when he There were about fifteen little frondson,.Qo uia o,i,woo fiia chnf n unvited and the afturnoon was spentwhich was "Memories and Melodies , me Paying games, at the conclusionof the Wilderness Road." His ad-! of ,wIHch refreshments of ice creamdress was warmly received.and cakes were served.SALE AND AFTERNOON TEA. thQ firgt Qf hjg aadress DrJ The second large entertainmentTi, u,iioc nf tw -RonH-t- Phiiroh Shearin dwelt upon the thrilling ex-J hi the new Governor's Mansion, inJK Lp I t-2 of Icibles J?themil-!Periences of our Eu-lish ebears Frankfort, was a brilliant - event ofi';iU ?L nf TTr , Xnp Wateott ' who entered Kentucky through Cum- Wednesday evening, when GovernorSX? nfoi? LS berland GaP and ith difficulty James B. McCreary was the host at aJhES will be "offered including crossed the mountains of Eastern reception at which there was gatherSSSL To?obnWcf1 second part of the led guests representativs not only ofchicken salad, cheese salad, beaten JtT"" i"! .... "l, LlZ f" sue"s repreaenuiuvs not amy oi;?r. TT.t- ,rvorf nond.M etc Thi; i ttUU'Ci, iiruixeu tu mi; wih-auugs "Mine resident ana omciai circles oi meSnrf S thT U ntaiJ ffteitoatearlydaywhicharestllItne0Illy CaPal City, but from various partsafternoon at the same place tne fa- i-,nwn ;n - tvtc nf ti,o p !, c; o wn ,;J3r :f .. t-rn iiri YrT iMninlnta I ""o- i ."- n.. .u w . ... v wi mo ki.i.G aa ivi-.iiUlt!S Will Jjite Ct-'Ci iuv ua- v.wx.w.l. . . Pl. t.'' , ' , f- iggg"ygggg 1 BEgSMBrtB j.MW llr. Li VERY OUTFIT AT AUCTION. The entire outfit belonging to TianPeed's Livery Stable will 'be sold tomorrow at ten o'clock on the premises. If you need a buggy, horse,wagon or carriage, it will be a rareopportunity to purchase. (6-lt)aMaamnniiiiiiiiiii iIw-hite goods in all the newest and prtttietlweaves. -Ljmbroidered crepesand voiles for the dainty5Dblouses.iress goods, the high novelties as well as tne.staples.- wefpothis ningHow often does thisquestion bob up in yourhome? It's perfectly natural, for every one shouldhave some recreation afterthe day's work.And no one need wantfor it where there's aVictor in the home.Why not get a Victor,for yotir home? Come inand see us aboutit today.Victors $10 to$100. Victor-Vic-trolas$15 to $250.Terms to suit.Trimmings, everything thafs new we alwayshave it. v 'Unrinkable dress linens; think of itl A newfeature in linens.Crepes and crepe de chines, the leading materialsfor the coming season.Kimona satine entirely new; looks " .like silk.Embroideries; large stock ready for yourSpring and Summer needs.2 "Datines in solid colors, brocades andm -"-- piaias.W. Ed Tucker. IParis' Only Exclnsive Dry Goods Store.tPHWe Keep the Quality Up.71i a22& Aaagherty ( GeoIlFflS r I Phones301Wc sell what is good, and ask you tobuy our shoes because they are good.It isn't price that sells our shoes, forshoescan be made to sell at any price.Goodness, Merit, Worth andValue That Sell Them. .The same applies to our Children's Shoes.Children are hard on shoes, but most ofthe trouble lies in poor shoes and poorshoe making. Our shoes are good, andare made by the best of shoe makers.Give us a call and be convinced.McWilliams,The Shoe ManIJfKSC3RIeniA cordial invitation is extended everyone to attend.ASPARAGUS! ASPARAGUS!"We have somedozen.bargains, by he6-lt)C. P. COOK & CO.j mountains. Dr. Shearin lias spent1 the reception were from 8 to 11i much time in collecting the words of i o'clock, during which time, in, spitej these songs, of which he has several of the steady downpour of rain, allhundred. He presented a group of ! roads led to the mansion, and a steadyj them dwelling upon the quaintness j stream of people called to pay theirof expression and sentiment which respects to the Governor,'characterized them. j Mr. Francis Douglas, secretary toDr. Shearin was the guest of the j the Governor, made the presentations,j Progressive Culture Club, who had and in the receiving line with Goveri also invited the members of the Par- nor McCreary were Miss Kate Alex-liamentary and Paris Literary Clubs Under, of Paris; Miss Sunie Barr Sat-THE J. T. HINTON CO.Composed ofW. O. Hinton, E. T. Hinton, Albert Hintons SucceedsJ. T. HINTONDealer inJAMES EADES PUBLICSALE HELD TUESDAY) to share in the pleasure of the afternoon, and a large number acceptedter white, of Louisville; 'Mr. RobertMcCreary, of Chicago, and Miss HelenHarris & Speakes conducted a stock j the hospitality thus extended. Mrs. j Bennett, of Richmond,sale for James Eades, Tuesday, atjTmos Turney, president, presided,his farm on the Fard's Mill pike, near over the meeting, a at the close of' -Paris.j the lecture a reception was tendered j - - -Auctioneer George D. Speaites made the visitors, during which the mem-fiiA fnllrvttMn"- rp.nrvrft Cows sold at ' bors .of theclub served hot choco-!prices from $60 to $70; horses, ?65 to ; late, tea, sandwiches, nabicos and j J150; yearling steers, $46.25 psrl mints.head; heifers, 41 each; mules, 135 1 The monthly meeting of Jemima ' Xper head; shoats, $9.80 each; brood j0iinson Chapter D. A. "R., was held at 'sows, from $11.50 to 30 each. t i E4ks Hall Tuesday afternoon with the iMr. Eads will move to Paris but , Regent, Mrs. Robt. C. Talbott presid-.: Jwill continue to cultivate his farm, . ing Mrs yv H Thompson, of Lex-and the sale was held in order to dis- j ington. State Regent of the organiza-;MARKET HOUSEpose of some of his surpls stock.AT COSTVAII winter goods at cost.(G-tf) " KARRY SIMONCHAS. LAIL HOLDS SALE'OF IMPLEMENTS AND STOCKtion, was present as an invited guestj of the local chapterMrs. Thompson was introduced by ,j the Regent, and addressed the large ,i circle of women in a pleasing man- fI why all women wht are eligible toi membership in this organizationshould avail themselves of the opporStfi and MainNO CREDIT,NO DELIVERY,NO PHONES.tunitjr. Mis. Thompson also spoke of !',, . 0 c . rt,w?otori n :tnpir ! the large number of State documents J-Harris & Spea k d?dJvbtof whi Sre of historical interest to the Jand implement sale, Wednesda foi , patriotic cit. IMr. Chas. Lail, at Shaft ban. Auc- . . , .. . hn.Vft;ftioneer George D. Speakes mattes tne - fof,.Q,i V tho .0iior . nt Xfollowing report of the sale: Horsesbrought from $175 to ?1S5; cows, $65to $72.50; brood sows, $2o each;shoals. S9.75 anlcce: chickens, 50cents to S1.10 each. Farming impje-jments and household goods broughtfairly good prices. Mr. Lail recentlysold his farm of forty acres at Shawhan, to Arthur Hendricks, of Lexington, at $200 per acre, and will move toParis the first of March.NOrplCE TO LOCALKNIGHTS TEMPLARTA11 Sir Knights in uniform are requested to meet sX aoon today at thedepot to go to Cynthiana to attend thefuneral of Past Grand CommanderJas. T. Hedges.F. P. WALKER, E. C.t - v -. - -been transferred from the cellar otthe old State House -at Frankfort tothat of the new and back again to theold, and being in a Gad state of neglect. Mrs. Thompson stated that Mr.Ballard Thruston. of Louisville, hadoffered to render assistance in sortingthese documents and making themavailable for inspection. To this endthe chapters throughout the Stateare asked for co-operation.Mrs. Thompson introduced Missimm. Watson, art teacher at Hamilton College, and who is' State chair-fl.j Fresh Meats, Lard,Smoked Meats,Cheese of 'all Kinds,Presh Fish, Oysters,Pickled Goods of allkinds,' Cheaper than ElsewhereWe ont jieliver, Jbutwefe. flive you mcyre for yourmongy.Furniture, Carpets, Wall Paper,Undertaking:y -The retiring proprietor makes grateful acknowledgement of the liberal patronage accorded him during the past if ty-f our years of his business experienceand he asks a continuance of the same for the new management.The new management shall use their long experience under the time-triedretiring proprietor to the advantage of the buying public and assures them thatthe goods offered in every line shall be the best values obtainable in any marketand that the services rendered shall constantly be so improved by every meansavailable as the merit the confidence and patronage of all.-mn of the Boone's Trail department.Miss Watson stated the plan of set-jting up markers aloig the trail which jironi iNortn uaroima uirousiiM. J. HellerextendsKentucky,, entering the State at Cumberland Gap, thence through Middleshnrn. Pineville. London. Pine Hill.etc., to Boonesboro and Ricmond. It 'XV& ..Co.Watch This Space For Notice of aReorganization SaleThere Will Be ISurprising Bargains in Every Line ofHousefurnishings Don't Miss Them.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYit Paris, Kentuckyxk-Agf-tItfCi'..'C ''v T,J V ." ,ViTKv, V. I'fftji-i'r Pit$ ST,. J-- legJ Tff: -,?.rli r' vJft"tmtmmfm rtwinwi"1Vr.MW?:; ' vV"v swTBa-cL BNJob Printing 3WORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good.!&Wtt1im.T m. " ?,5FTRE J9B R0OfflS-0FV :THEBRBNNewst -v. "Are prepaired to do the . best vofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,aad, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,sudi as Weddkig Announcements, Invitations,given prMipt attention.'X c.'r.. :; ,$k.&o:.. -:..- . - I -Let us figure with you. bnon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of 'the latest improved .Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our. type is; new and .modernfaces. . ' ' - 'Cfte Bourbon news;1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00-9 'Advertising rates reasonable: and madeknown on application.UUiiiiMiWitfr f !:-t ' ":' ;v' '' 'Cross, Fevers. v .-o.n jtSpaeti, GfvCalifornia Syrup of Figs"i laxadve ujX save3 a sick chil ,morrow Child, a 3 mply wi.l nwc die time fr y xo em ...r bowels, which Income cloggedwith wasi,e, .i . - ..,-Anaon sour.-i3nk at the tongue, mother! Ijatod, or-if your child is. lisile3ss. feverish, breath bad, restles-isn't eat heartily, full of cold cis sore throat "jot any other chn's ailment, give a teaspoonful cCalifornia Syrap of Figs," then donyrry, because it is perfectly hari5S, and in a few hours all this coi'pated poison, sour bile and fermenZ waste will gently move out of tb3wels,.and you have a well, playf'lild again. A thorough "insid'eansing" is oftentimes all that iecessary. It should be the firseatment given in any sickness.Beware of counterfeit fig syrupsvsk your druggist for a 50-cent botle of California Syrup of Figs,'vhich lias full directions for babieshildren of all age3 and for grown-os ylainly printed on the bottleiook carefully and see that it irnade by the "California Fig 'Syrup"omany." Don't be fooled.(Feb) (adv)In parts of Switzerland shepherdlirls wear men's clothes.MINISTER ENDORSES CHAM-BERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDYRev. Jam3 A. Lewis, Milaca,.Minnwrites: "Chamberlain's Cough Remely has been a welcome and neededruest in our .home for a number ofyears. I highly reccommend it to myrellows as "being a medicine worthyof trial in cases of colds, coughs, andRemedy a trial and we are confidentcroup." Giv e Chamberlain's ' Coughyou will find it very effectual and continue to use it as cccasion requiresfor years to come, as many othershave done. For sale by all dealers.(Feb.) . (adv)Traveling third-class in England isincreasing in popularity.$100 REWARD $100.The readers of his paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages,and that is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrhcure is the only positive cure nowknown to the medical fraterinity.Catarrh "being a constitutional disease, requires a constitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Cure is takeninternally, acting directly upon theblood and mucous surfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of the disease, and giving the patient strength by building up the constitution and assisting nature in doing her wark. The proprietors haveso much faith in its curative powersthat they offer One Hundred Dollarsfor any case that it fails to cureSend for list of testimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY, Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (Feb.) (ativ)i In Costa Rica beggars are privileged characters on, Tuesdays.THROW OUT THE LINEI Give the Kidneys Help and ManyPeople Will Be Happier."Throw Out the Life Line"Weak kidneys need help.They're often overworked don'tget the poison filtered out of theblood.Will you help them?Doan's Kidney Pills have broughtbenefit to thousands of kidney sufferers. Read- this Lexington case:D. M. Farley, merchant, 474 ChairAve., Lexington, Ky., says: "I haddull, dragging pains in my back. Theaction of my kidneys was irregular,especially at night. Finally. I usedDoan's Kidney Pills and before longthey put a stop to all these troubles.My kidneys became normal and thepains and aches left. The endorsement I gave Doan's Kidney Pills inJanuary, 1912, still holds good. I canonly repeat that they are a fine kidney medicine." g$For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. FosterMilburn, Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's aridtake no other. (adv)John- A. Thurber; dead in Puel)lo,Col., leaves an estate of 4,0.00,000.He began life as a grocer's deliveryboy.On the Payroll."How is our friend Grafton's position on that bill regarded?" asked onemeber of a legislature. "Well," replied the other, "the general impression is that his position is a verylucrative one."Are You a Woman ?CarduiThe Woman's TonicJ SALE AT ALL '.BHttBIS,r ,;, WAtrr LW& .ed By brfrMrnaktrVin Atht.slfns for Spring GownDt-SosliionaMy dresse! w'nnn pxt' ng will hot have any natural waist-. Dressmakers have dced thatgirdle shall be placed either abovevelow the normal ifrie. For long-iisted women the girdle will be nearhe shoulder blades and for thewaisted women it will be shifted.rer the hips, thus equalizing theoportions.his is one of the features broughtt at the semi-annual style showChicago recently. More than 200inufactureres attended the opening".sion, and they represented 40,000-sons engaged in the dressmakinglustry. All the new, styles wereclayed nightly on living models atOrchestra Hall and explained by the"igner.The exhibit showed numerous ex--eme styles for spring wear, withgh collars and a' large variety ofnd printed crepe and taffeta will behe popular fabrics for gowns andhree piece suits. There is a de-ided tendency toward better mate-als and less trimming.Fullness of the hips is produced byhe use of panniere ruffles, tunics andbustle bows, with skirts very long,rtremely narrow at the bottom and'ifted in the back. The fashion de-ermined effort to revive the bustle,.Ithough the first attempt will show'n the use of immense bows.-"3CR5pfral DA nMnmr lON Thousands and thou- SJ sands of women, whor-ol8lieKrOakktr wHTtBimMa. 8otXJlWlM. YovWf bftck If it ft&i te mIter any acb in any vrt of th M4r ilttlMawUtMOM. .. 'jrrif oe, jitAi jWmmiiw.IW !! IOURBON REMEDY COHfS4ZtMMi(lSt.'' have everythingthatheartcould desire to make themhappy, arc miserable oaccount of womanly trouble. If you are of thisnumber, stop worrying,and give Cardui a trial.It has brought health andhappiness to thousands.TAKE ,g CarduiWhen being examined for a murderuror in New York, Benjamin J.Boyce told Judge Mulqueen fhis wifeobjected to capital punishment. "Excused!" said .the Court.Ability to "furiana" is now the passport to society in itome. "Furiana"is not a propensity to fly into a rage,as might be inferred, but is a newdance, designed to supplant the berated tango.IJUfcWdHHOne application soothes and beals a roughMTntItrttlrm oart nin.n.nutfui nniAbikirAAi.a cure. Eczema. ErvsJDeias. Tatter. Ulcers andallskin diseases "yield to its curative properties..ouc a dox. At au uraggtstsSend for free sample and book. "Health and Beauty.JOHNSTON, HCULOWAY & CO.,1739 Sprlnz Garden St., PMia Pa.fei8QCbSsThe Womaa's TonicMrs. Delphinia Chancewrites from Collins,Miss.: "I suffered terriblyfrom womanly troubles.We had five doctors, butit seemed I could not getany better. I decided totry Cardui. After I beganto take it, I got betterevery day. Now I feel aswell as I ever did." TryCardui, today. E-66isiftSidfirn liiirltrrMiflpWindsor Hotel,Modern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary. 'Children's Work a Specialty.:A.CARL CRAWFORD;lal i3CtE3dJFOR SALE.Three registered Percheron stallions; alEo twenty head of youngmares and geldings. '" STIRLING P. HINKSON,(27-6t) Lair, Ky.1Will Ingeniously Concealed.A will has been found under eleventhicknesses of wallpaper by workmenengaged in stripping the walls of ahouse adjoining the Royal Marine hotel, Cowes, Isle of Wight.INSURANCEAGAINSTflRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINTON,AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, seeme.t.aEDN- FBOHGFESIWITINEW ORLEANS and MOBILEFebruary 1924,, 1914LOW ROUND TSR1P FARESHiikets on Sale February 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22 and 23;Return Limit to reach original starting point net later than March 61mth extension of limit to March 23, 1914, on payment of $1.00.ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.B'rSnD1 aay TW. &? Q60" Ascent Roale, or awhr toH. C. KtNG,Passcgger and Ticket Agent. 101 E.Mafa Streei, Lkio3, Ky.Special Kates S'ExcBrsioHs.Round trip Winter Tourists to allprincipal winter resorts in AlafeaMa,Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina and Havana.Cuba, on sale daily Oct. 1, 1913, untilApril SO, 1914, with final limit May'.Sl1914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas and New Mexico, on saledaily Not. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914,with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberal'stopovers allowed on all winter tourist tickets. Also low round tripHomesoekers tickets to points in Alabma, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi,on sale first and third Tuesdays ineach month, final limit 25 days fromdate of sale. Stop-overs allowed in! Homeseekers' territory. For furtherinformation call on or addressW. H. HARRIS, Agent.T K. SMITH, T. A-MWhen Your Blood is RiiYour Whole System is Right.If You Have any Blood or Skin Diseases DO NOT DELAYUntil it is too late, but orderTO-DAY!ThelottItititgs RenmA Complete and Positive Remedy ForSYPHILIS, ECZEMA, ERYSIPELAS. . ;ACNE, MALARIA, RHEUMATISM tand all other forms of Blood and Skin Diseases.Hot Springs Physicians pronounce this the Greatest Blood and Skin Remedy ever, placed t. on the Market. " - : v ;-l 'Pull Course Treatment Six Bottles, $18.00.Single Bottle, $5.00.We Prepare a Remedy For Everv Disease ' tOur Treatment of Female Ills is the "Greatest ot its tKind fcver Offered to Suffering Women. ?Write, us your troubles. All correspondence strictly confidential. ' - -.' : tIHot Springs Medical ompmiyl'$031-2, Central Avenue, JIo4- - .lie.i!,'ORrT: .. -- i i: ' .' - i ' r- fc -. . - 7 ., . y ,' ; t ".-1-y.A''?" cv-; -vT -iHt OURBUN, : ;A; 'N V QKY, f e'tvV -, TJt4T , .A' ' - a i in iJ .I1 JULLTTSViRushed the OrderA TRAVELING Salesman, while inNashville, Term., took a large order, -promising delivery in ten days. Itwould take two days for the order to reachtie Home Office by mail. It took himonly a few minutes to telephone the orderfrom a pay station of the Bell Telephonesystem.Time saved by telephoning ordersoften means fulfillment of contract.When you telephonesmileCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyINCORPORATED.122 SOUTH PRYOR STREET, ATLANTA, GEORGIA.Professional CardsBr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKYOffice 514 Main Street.QSoe Phones fiss. .DK.A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician.Offices, Kooms 4 and 5, Elks Bid gParis - - Kentucky1" J. WILLIAMS,O ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Zoom 1 Elks Buildine.BUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop.. .Tferee Expert Artists; NoWaits.Hot and CoIdBaths.Main t. Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.ithe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important i tahome than clear, steady-light. Iasarothis by setting the oil that barnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacradc oil refined to perfection.Costs no wore than the inferiortinkwason oils saves MONEYsavesWORK saves eyes.Ycur dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Clias. C. Stoll Oil C0.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Garb"Anto Oil.HUES! PILES! PiLESlimAMS INDIAN PILE OINTMETWitt care Blind, Blcedlnc: and Itching &iIt absorbs the tumors, o-llnys itching ai onacta as a- poultice, gives instant reuer.yor sale by all druggists, nail 08c and 51WJMM6 KFG.COm Props,, Qevcfood, Offc Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bouvbon Bank) t3 - CHAIRS - 3:fc Expert Barbers siPolite Attentiontiot and Cofd Baths at' A; JHours'No Long Waits.A Share of tliel Public PalT33fff 31 1 Counlni Clubi1itroage Solicited.5tOOO-' 00-CANCER CUREDJ I guarantee every caee I un-$ dertake; 20 years practice; rf-erence, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.HWfen jjoa fee SSS2vous, tired, worried or despondent it issure sign yoa need MOTTS NERVERINPILLS. They renew the normal vigor aimake life worth living. Be care and ask fI Motfs Nerverine Pills lTmVAWiLLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhiaL. Oberdorfer, Druggist. Paris, Ky...Foi satuidauf sChocolate,Maraschino,VanttfaCaramel.For Saturday-BaldwinBros,Paris, KentuckyfiGasFaittmPlumbing and Elecri-cal Work in AHTheir BranchesStoves, Rangesand Appliances.i Spicer &Gilchrist,tElks' BuildingE.E. Phone, 103Home Phone, 101Cakes, - ,- Atfr! BAI 1 1 A 1 1 r- a ! IT"1 1"AT DANSANTSCnangeabie aiV Plant Taffetas Popular Material forDancing Frocks. .RUFFLES FOR SPRINGNEW YORK, Feb. 5. The crazefor dancing seems to have taken the.ond by toLorm. It is no longer thevvhim of the few, but of the many,iome time the large restaurants havejleared a dancing place that theirpatrons may enjoy a between-course.'east of the one-step, the Boston dipjt the much-maligned tango. The hotels, feeling that they were losmto..aLronage, racked their brains foroome method of bringing the peopleback to the folds, in their turn instituted 'Ihe Dansant, or Tango Tea.Between the hours of four and sixthe tea-rooms are filled with a musicmoving, dancing-mad crowd of menand women, and not all of the younger set either. It is at these gatherJigs that one may see the latest aftjrnoon syles.I feel like a drab inouse sipping my-ea in a corner while watching gaily-Iressed coupies pass back and forthn the stepa thac seem at once sosimple and so intricate.It is, I thought, no wonder slashedskirts continue to be the mode; fornow could a woman achieve the different steps of these new dances inthe narrow skirts of the period without them? Ihere is no gainsayingthat the vogue for dancing has influenced dress very strongly, even thedress of those who look upon the modern dances with disapprobation.0 UcCaix,Ruffles a Popular Feature of the Taffeta Dancing Frock. aTaffetas in colors grave and gay areprominent at all the dancing teas. Astriking, changeable silk frock especially caught my eye the other day.It was worn by a young woman whosailed gracefully- by my corner table,leaving a breath of her joyous personality behind. I sketched the frockas it appears in our first illustration.The bodice is large and blousyyet not "too loose with fullnessenough that the tdges of a surplicefront are gathered to form a frill ofthe material, the only trimming. Thesleeves are short and finished with asimilar frill. The skirt is trimmedwith two wide bias ruffles, wheh droplower on one side than the other. Tobe strictly a la mode, no two sides ofa dress should be the same. Themost striking feature of this frock,tlieone which gives it a touch of dstinction, is a broad ribbon sash ofbrilliant oriental coloring. The ends Ihang down far behnd, and are finished wih tassels.On her dainty feet, which trippedso lightly to the time of the music,.vrtsie uiu-uiv suim suppers. A. Sliver jbuckle, with rhmestones, ornamentedthe slippers, and the silver lacingswer passed through silver 'Clasps instead of the old-fashioned eyelet.There is no 'lessening of the popularity of fur, even with the approachof spring. It is to be seen amongthe advanced displays, modestly combined with cotton fabrics as well assilk and wool. Marabout will probably have its vogue for summer wear. JAnother young woman wore thecharming frock pictured in the secondsketch. This shows a handsome development of, crushed raspberrj' crepede Chine, brown! fur and creamy netJfcce. "Tht Square neck; sleeves andtunic-are dged withbahdg of fuaVflaajLI ar aaS&Ci V Sa- '-from beneath, thetunic fillg aruffle of haascima ,, net. -lace. TheZur at the neck and slaevea i3 soften--dby frjlls of the lace'. A wide pmie-lvet girdle of a deep raspberry color encircles the waist, and just above1 a"band of brown -fur gives a unique'nish. The slippers worn with this'ress matched the girdle and wereworn over white silk stockings.Another attractive irock was ofcreamy printed silk having apple-rreen as the predominating color inhe pattern." This was trimmed withTauanese stand-away collar of green'affeta, jand double panniers on thekirt aso of green tpffeta. This isbut one of many combinations. Il,ove seen taffeta dresses trimmedwifh circular ruffles on ve'vet skirtsWhite net tunics with taffeta ruffles-ro another of the whimsical OldLa'ly Fashion's latest fads.Very pretty and graceful is the fad-f -wearing scarfs of "hfffon, lace andFASHION LETTER9,lulle. An orange-colored scarf wornwith a blpck or tauoe dress will do-s much in adding the srking inoti'to the costume as a brilliant sash"Some-scarfs are plain; others ardouble, pink on one sM1 an1. ejren oother, or brick color on the undeside and black on tie upner msrela question of taste and contrahere are wonderful imported scarf ,with borders of gold and silver bre.ade, and others of net with a char'ng allover design of multi-colobeads.A litle'earlier thes same day, whillooking through the French salon oa prominent store, I saw a dress skiwith alternate ruffles of pink chiffoand black tulle. The waist hadloose pink chiffon underbody and :looser outside portion of black tu11with long flowing sleeves, the poinaA ends of which reached the bottonrof the skirt.The waists are noticeeably plaiwhile the upper portions of the kir4are bef rilled and beruffled Stowl-'Tie trimming will descend, howeverfor double-pleated ruffles are beinPlaced around the bottom of silskirts. For evening wqt vreaths oiny chiffon flowers adorn the csnteof the ruffle. These samee box-pleaed ruffles of ribbon accentuate th'smartness of chiffon or net tunics.A Striking Application of the Prevailing Fancy for Lace FlouncesThe most beautiful white suits arebeing shown, for early spring wear.They are usually of wide-wale Bedford cord, serge and duvetyne. Wideribbon sashe's Of bright green, ceriseor yellow are worn ith these dresses,the more brilliant and startling thecolor the more fashionable the suit.Some of these suits are lined withsilk of the Barae color sua the sash,but this is impractical for a whitesuit, which is bound to have manycleanngs. Others are trimmed withbrilliant box-pleated frills above thecuffs, and cuffs of cord following theclosing. Among these suits the shortat least in front, sometimes quite longin the back.Bright blues, greens, yellows, purples and reds are very popular forlining suits and dresses. If you wishto freshen last fall's dress for thisspring' wear, just finish every available place with a facing of contrasting satin and don't be afraid to letit show.f, ' Poor Neighbor.Subbubs "What kind of people arethe Nextdorea?"? Outaways "Ha'snegligent and shiftless. The gardenhose he loans me is full of holes andhe never thinks of fixing it!" NewOrleans Picayune.Paint Cleaner.An excellent cleaner for painted surfaces is mad as follows: Two quartsof hot water, ,two tablegpooafuls ofturpentine, a pint ,of Bkimmed Milknd enough soap to" make a weekilli ,Rheumatism, SprainsBackache, Neuralgiam rfflLVbackSpraiaad"I was ill for a Ions time with a severely epramed ankle. I sot a tattle mt oaaaLiniment and now I amabletobeaboatandcanwaHcagrreatdaal. I-writataista-caneeI think you deserve a lot of credit for patting soch a fme LiaiaKSt m, tbalasrketand I ehall always take time to recommendDr. Sloaa's I iwkMwl n J,Choi, itotwe, tkUcimore, Md.SLOAN SLINIMENTAtaHDdrs-2Sc., 50c. sad $1.00. SIeaaiatraciValMVtaHcaltIc,Bamaad pmdtxy Mt UAMraaDr.EarlS.Slaua.Iac -ft got ,!Zowle!"Ther8 you go, up in the air again!1'said the goal-post "It isn't my fault,"remonstrated the football; "it's thefullback. He's such a kicker!"Ditto When They Are Full.Scientists have discovered that people tall in love when the moon is fullDetroit Free Press.If you are looking for aTO WIHTEB PUB8HDSEBSESuit or Overcoatat reasonable prices for FaH and Winter, hers is the pkee,to get one.We made a kicky purchase of Men's Suits and Over- 'coats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we are.otfermg thm as a special inducement for rS12We also have a full line of Schldss Bros-' guaranteidfij iloicd Suits for $15 to $25. Emerson Shoes at $4nd $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von Gal Hats. "Other lines' of merchandise can be had at a. price thatwill please your pocket-book. ' ' - .TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEPT.L Wollsteifi, Proprietor.Pans OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLok Like New,You will be surprised when we send your clothes homevand will wonder why you have not tried uslbefore. . tfAH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andRebbckedlto your satisfaction. "- tWe Call For, aenci Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Park -Odorless Cle&amg Co Smm Levy,"ProMriattor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned ,'sborfe, 10c'; hots 2Bc?"Yet, daughter, tkat's good staff. Tfce pain iamy back is all gone I never saw anythiag Trssfcas quickly as Sloan's Liniment," TaovsaaJk afgrateful people voice the same opirdcHS, Haethe proof.Kefiered Tata ia iMk,I -was troubled -with a very tad mmm ia aarfor sobsc tine. I west to a ssctor bat aold sot do bc say &, IEnrchaeed a tUc t 3PianinimeaLsa4 aaw I aai m'vMMwoaa. lahruHlHiv'AMUa af SagQ5wst feboaM." M nm,36i Myrtle Jm., 9siiijm mTY.Sortie"We haTe wed Seaaasient fer over slx"yea aaaf oaad it tbe beet.we ever asai.Waea say'vifa luid soaacyaeqmotiwi ta oaf Uiiag lastdidhcraayeooa m Swoa'sIiirfBBeDt; ,ws caaaot psfUa ItfeighV cbob." Jfcv -PHrwDei Moines, lame.Aakle Rslicvca,liTo Keep Your Dog W1Klinseed oil once a week is a graathelp to keeping a dog in good condition. For a grown dog use one trspoonful; for a puppy, one-half.Always a Way to- Do It.Mrs. Exe "Somo husfcanda 'wim.their wives by sheer audacity.- Mr.Wye 'Tea, and many cii-j .Vsheer mendacity."m.good-JOS" - &uj&CChatting Co. fZ2f $r''JV'& v, --Wifrii j'i immm0m&mmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEftRUARY 6, 194llJjJHVi IV hJ .ROYALBaking PowderSaves HealthandSaves MoneyanMakes Better FTHEATRICAL.The Alamo Today.Today will be presented "When teeBartBt Trembled," a three reel specialfeature, which is one of the greatestspectacular dramas ever produced.Tuesday; Feb. 10, xne patrons of thehoese will be offered Henry M. Blossom, Jr.'s great American racing play"Checkers," with the only and original Thomas W. Ross himself in therole which he has appeared in successfully for many seasons throughoutthe country.Tftis is the second of the productiais to be made by the All Star Feature Corporation, the company whichhas already .producer Augustus Thomas' "Arizona" in motion picture form.Supporting Thomas W. Ross in thecoming "Checkers" production will beseea many faces which are familiarto the motion picture fans and theatregoing public.Hp time nor money has been sparedto :m&ke this production the best yet1o 'e seen on the motoin pictureacreeiu The company was for several weeks housed at the race tracks atLaurel and Havre de Grace, Md., andall the racing scenes were taken atkGse places. More than one hundredIj trwfDIP-cdin it jpeople are seen in the supportingcast and more than twenty thousandin the racing scenes at the tracks, ingrandstands and the field..SPECIAL SALE ON COAL RANGES.Special Sale on Coal Ranges thismonth. See them!(20-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.FROZEN AFTER FINDINGFORTUNE IN ALASKAA romance, made .pathetic by alonely death on a trail in the wilderness of Alaska, was revealed Mondayin a telegram received by Mrs. D. S.Haslam, of Duluth, Minn. The telegram was sent from Candle, Alaska,where the body of her brother, Wm.H. Myers, was found. Myers was aplacer miner, and had extensive holdings in gold and gold mines aboutCandle and White Horse passes. Hemet Miss Lucy B. Hayes, a Kentuckygirl, who went to Alaska to teachschool. Myers planned to emergefrom the wilderness Christmas andmarry the young teacher. The girl isthought to be in Seattle. The telegram stated that' Myer had been frozen to death. His last letter said hehad found a fortune.orThe unseasonable weather forces tus to take heroicmeasures to onload the balance of our stock of WinterShoes, We have marked down our best Shoes to pricesyou simply cannot resist.We Must UnloadiBig shipments of Spring Shoes from the factories where we placed otiri; Heavy orders are arriving everyday in big quantities and crowding us foriroom. ;Be Here Saturday Without Fail;Not only late Winter Shoes and Rubbers, but Spring Footwear is included in this sale. - - - . aDoxi't Miss This OpportunityMonev Saved is Money EarnedNEWS OF MiLLERSBURGMrs. Henry Sheeler is quite ill.Mrs. M. It. Collier is on the sicklist.Mr. J. J. Peed is slightly improved. Mrs. E. P. Thomason is ill withrheumatism.Miss Bessie Howard is visitngrelatives in Carlisle.,Mrs. W. A. Butler is improvingnicely after a slight operation.Mrs. Earl Barton will entertainthe Rook Club Friday evening.Mrs. J. C. Fightmaster is improving from an attack of tonsilitis.Miss Eidiva Sanders, of Flemingsburg,is the guest of Mrs. A. S.;V , . . . ,. . . IMaster Garland McMahan, whohas been quite ill with appendicitis isimprovng.Percy, the little .son of Mr. and1Mrs. J. P. Auxier, is threatened withpneumonia.Mr. and Mrs. OUie Howard werebaptized at the Christian church Wednesday night.Dr. ahd Mrs. I. D. Best, of Cynthiana, were guests of Mr. A. S. Bestand family Sunday.Mrs. C. R. Jones is ill at thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Thomas McClintock.Mr. and Mrs. Albert Hinton, ofParis, were at the bedside of the lat-I ter's uncle, Mr. J. J. Peed, Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Johnson entertained elaborately for more thanfifty of their frieuds a few days ago.Little Miss Virginia Howard andMaster Wadsworth Jones are conva-1lescent after an attack of pneumonia.Dr. G. W. Dailey has received ahandsome Ford automobile which, hepurchased through Taylor & BowlingMr. and Mrs. J. P. Redmon andliftip rfmiirhter have moved to thenmnfirtv of Mrs. A. J. Lamb, recently1 vacated by Mr. and Mrs. D. E. Clark.Messrs. W. E. Powell and R. H.Letton leave today for Atlanta, Ga.,where there have accepted positions.They are two of our best young men.Mrs. W. G. Dailey, who has beencritically ill at the home of her fatherRev. Alex. Sanders, at Cincinnati, isimproving. Her condition was serous for a while.Mr. C. B. Payson and family havemoved to the old Layson ,home recently purchased by him from his father,Mr. W. M. Layson, and vacated byMr. and Mrs. J. P. Redmon.Misses Best and Nell, membersof the M. F. C. faculty, gave a recitallast week at the College chapel, MissBest as pianist and r.Iiss Nell as violinist. They rendered a classcal program, wheh was thoroughly enjoyedby a large audience.Mr. Priest Kemper left yesterday for Mayopolis, Ala., where he andhis brother, Mr. Clark Kemper, haverecently purchased a far m.Mr. ClarkKemper will leave later.Mrc "R T-T. f!r11ter n.nd sister,Miss Mayme Dee Long, attended themarriage of their brother, Dr. FloydLong, to Miss Kingsdon, at Chicago.Dr. Long has been connected withouriiaMiJyithe University of Cliic&gpfor seventeen years. Dr. Long is thevson ofDr. J. JR.. Long, an& is an old MiUersburg boy. His bride is prominent inboth social and literary s circles inChicago.Born, to Mr. and Mrs. Williair'Linville, of Paris, a son. "Mrs. Linville was the daughter of Mrs. 'ManFoster, of Millersburg, and a sister ofMrs. Margaret Mitchell and Mrs. WM. Parker."Mr., and Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre entertained sixteen of hei friends Wednesday evening with a six o'clock dinner. Place cards were red heartsCut flowers were used in the decorations. Rook was enjoyed by theguests after the dinner.Mr. and Mrs. M. V. Barton entertained a few days ago with arelaborate dining. The followingguests were present: Mr. and MrsDurban "Wilson. Mr. and Mrs. FrankLair, Mr. and Mrs. Carl Lpng, ofCynthiana; Mr. and Mrs. HoracePurd md Mr and Mrs H 0 Collier.M,r- Solomon Robertson, who oc"P u LX "Mr. J. B. Cray for three months andgave it up Jan. 1 to spend the winterwith his daughter, Mrs. Rhodie Cordof Covington, met with a very seriouaccident some days ago that camenear proving fatal. In going from onrroom to another he fell headlongdown a flight of stairs, sustaining aslight fracture of the skull which rendered, him unconscious for three days.Mr. Robertson has many friende herewho will regret to leari of his misfortune.One of the oldest and best-knowrfirais in Millersburg changed hands rfew days ago. Mr. J. G. Smedley, ofthe firm of Corrington & Smedleydealers An. drv coods. retired. Thirfirm has enjoyed nearly half a certury of pr0Sperity Mr. Smedley goinrtato DU3iness llQre in 1550, and hascontinued down to the present timeMr. Corrington began his business career as a boy in the store in 1867These men have gone through thrbusiness together these many longyears without even the slightest misunderstanding between them, Mr.'Smedley has been in declining-first employment and trained him until he now becomes the sole ownerIn 1897 Mr. Corringeon purchased theinterest of Mr. Alex Butler in thefirm, its being then Smedley & Butler, and since that time has assistedin operating the business as a partner. For the past two years Mr.Smedley has been n declininghealth, and it was this that broughtabout the agreement. Mr. Smedleyasks that all the patrons of the firmgive Mr. Corrington their undividedpatronage, and that Mr. Corringtonwill see that they get the same service and the quality of the stockwill be kept up to the same highstandard as that always maintainedby the old firm.POST OFFICE AT ELIZABETHHAS BEEN DISCONTINUEDThe postoffice at Elizabeth, in thisr.onnt.v. has been discontinued, andthe patrons of that office will here-after receive their mail by tne ruralfree delivery service from R. F. D.No. 7, Paris.t?WANTED.First-class butcher cattle and hogs.P. M. HELLER,Phones 39. Sixth and Main.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Intcrurban Schedule.Leave Lexington Leave ParisFor Paris for Lexington6.0 a m 6:45 a m7:2 a m 7:30 a m8:00 a m 8:15 a m8:50 am 9:00 a m10:20 a m 9:45 a m11:50 a m 11:15 a m1:20 p m 12:45 p m2:50 q. m 2:15 p. m3:S0 p m 3:45 p m4:20 p m 4:30 p m5:00 p m 5:15 p m6:00 p m " 6:05 p m7:20 p m 6:50 p m9:10 p m 8:15 p m.11:0Q p m 10:05 p mDaily except Sunday.PUBLIC SALE!Having sold my farm, I will offer atmblic auction, at 10. o'clock a. m.,WEDNESDAY, FEB. 11, M4,t Castle Comfort Farm, on the Parisnd Georgetown pike, the followingroperty:I 2-yr-old mule; 1 pair work mules';1 yearling mule, this spring;1 driving horse;1 Walter A. Wood binder, nearlylew ;1 McCormick binder in perfect con'ition; 2 carriages;2 double sets harness;1 potato planter;1 sheep dipping tank; hog scaldingtrough ;66 sheep due to lamb about Mar. 10.2 splendid bucks;2 sows and pigs;20 shoats, about 90 pounds;2 sulky breaking plows, new;3 disc harrows;1 double row cutaway harrow;2 smoothing harrows;1 Chattanooga disc plowf..2 two-horse wagons;1 feed sled;1 iron roller;1 steel tooth rake;1 bull rake;. 1 haystacker; t1 Rosa cutting box;Some fine corn in crib;Fodder in shock;Chicken coops;Homer pigeons;Garden plows; breaking plows;Orchard heaters;' can be used fordrying tobacco;Tobacco sticks; tier rails;-1 sleigh;1 no-top buggy;'1 corn harvester, used only to cut40 acres;Some black locust fence posts;3 Jersey cows, 1 fresh, others willbe by sale;1 Jersey bull;3-r-old gelding by Taylor Sim-1 mons;i Several ponies, all mares in foal;Also a consignment of thoroughbredI mares, from Raceland Stock Farm, a! bargain. Don't miss them.Some household and kitchen furni-ltureMauy other things too numerous tomention.1 Free Burgoo for evorybody.I TERMS Made known on day off sale.FP. CLAY.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(27-tf)1DADDY DONT YOU WISH YOt4 HADSTARTED A BANK. ACCOUNT A fPYEAR. AGOWHEN YOUWEREEARNINGMORC' rAll the past year heI useless thing. Yes, money,bank, it didn't seem much, ashe realizes he WASTED MONEY and has nothing to showfor it Regrets won't pay for anything except wrinkledbrows. Gan'fc you deny yourself a few little things 'forYOUR FAMILY'S SAKE, and put it safe in our bank?Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISrFOR SALE.Whiie iron bed, dresser and chiffonier, heating stove, cooking etove,gas heater and instantaneous wattrheater. Call E. Tenn. 885. 3-3tParis GrandMNftftYKiHT,,FEBRUARY9EDW. W, ROWLAND AND EDWHTCLIFFORD (IncJOffer the Great New York, CKicagoBoston successTHEBY EDWARD E. ROSE.Like the Poem and Song it will liveforeerLrce most beautiful settings everseen on any stapre.Large con pany of exceptional ability.Prices: 7c, 50c, 35c and 25cAdministrator's Hole!All parties having claims againstthe estate of Milton Woodard -wflplease present same at once for paf- xment. All owing the estate will ca&at once and settle.GEO. H. JOHNSON,(27-3wks) Administrator.Public Sale!Stock, Crop, House.hold FurniturejHaving decided to move the undersigned will offer at pnblic sale, onMONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 19T4,on the Fithian farm, at Escondida,commencing at 10 a. m., the following: 14 head of milk cows, ahout 7 freshother 7 Tsrill be fresh ahout March 1:13 heifers, 2 hnlls;Household aad Kitchen Ftzntiture;11 buggy; -1 spring wagon;3Iilt cans and crocks, fruit jars;Other articles too numerous ti mention.WARREN & FITHIAN,Pariff, Kvspent money for THIS -or thatthat would have piled up' in thehe spent it in dribs, but noyROSARYBY T41E OLD RELIABLE HOUSETDjA.N cohemI5NCapital, $i!000.00.J. M. HALL.'vPkeSIDENT.5wjfc,'340JQOO,3aC. K. THOMAS, Cashier,MMBI-.; L". , - - 7? , r .. .. ,-s.V "W t 9& -r3,?jit. 4 v0 -..vtiV"VXT- r'