'- w -s - ''-3 ' -" 'J" - Vf A V4PUBLISHED EVPBY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE YEAB.r-VOLUME iXXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1914.t me mmmmfmwSECRETARY OF STATE WM. J.BRYAN SPEAKS HERE.The special train bearing Hon."William Jennings Bryan, Secretary ofState, who is making a series of tenspeeches in the State in the interest ofthe Democratic Senatorial candidates.and in the interest of President Woodrow Wilson's administration, arrivedin Paris at 11:15 yesterday morningfrom Cynthiana, where the Secretaryspoke to a large crowd at the L. & N.passenger station.The train was greeted at the TenthStreet passenger station in this cityby a crowd estimated at about 700,many of whom came from the countyprecincts, where the name o WilliamJennings Bryan is still revered. Whenthe train arrived a loud cheer from thecrowd announced the appearance ofthe "Peerless One," who, in a fewmoments after the train came to astop, appeared upon the rear-platformof the observ'aiton ca'r attached to thetrain, and after a few moments waitfor the cheering to subside, launchedat once into his speech, which heldthe attention of the auditors for thirtyminutes.Mr. Bryan made a thoroughly Bryanesque speech, in which he made aneloquent plea for the upholding o'fPresident Wilson's hands in the policies he was endeavoring to inaugurate for the betterment of conditions inthe United States, and spoke in general terms of the wisdom of the President's course in keeping the countryfrom becoming involved in war withMexico and with Europe. He referred in glowing phrases to the goodselections Kentucky had made in therecent Congressional races, and askedthe voters to see to it that these menwere sent to Congress again to represent the State of Kentucky, as theirreturn would mean a merited endorsement of the Wilson administration.His neat references to Senator Camden, ex-Governor Beckham, Representatives Cantrill and representativeKentuckians brought forth frequentapplause from the crowd.The train was made up of a baggage car, day car and the special carfor the Bryan party. At the conclusion of the speech the train pulled outfor Lexington, where Mr. Bryan addressed a big crowd in the afternoon.County Judge Chas. A. McMillan introduced Lieutenant-Governor J. E.ivdcDermott, of Frankfort, in a neatlittle speech, and Mr. McDermott, inturn, introduced the speaker, Mr.Bryan, in a witty speech which immediately caught the fancy of thecrowd.ThP Tiartv were unlucky in comingto Paris in the midst of unfavorableweather conditions, but they made themost of it, and as one enthusiast expressed it, "When Bill Bryan comes toParis to make a speech to us Demo--crats,it'll take more than a day likethis to dampen our ardor."Accompanying Mr. Bryan on thetrip were formed Lieutenant-GovernorWm. P. Thorne, Lieutenant- Giv--eniorE. J. McDermott, Mr. John W.Newman, President of the State Agricultural Commission; Thos. Rhea,Treasurer of the Democratic StateCommitte; Claude B. Terrell, Speakerof the Kentucky House of Representatives; Wm. O. Davis, Secretary toUnited States Senator J. N. Camden;Milton Smith, Jr., James Reed, Superintendent of the Eastern KentuckySate Hospital, and representatives ofthe press.HEALTH LEAGUE VORKMOST IMPORTANT IN COUNTY.THE TABERNACLE MEETING.Despite the heavy rains of the pastfew days, and counter attractions, theattendance at the Tabernacle meetingsdoes not lessen, and the evaneelistsJ are greeted with large .audiences atI ovorv m oof in orV, . Vi j ""-l ""6.No services were held on Monday,as that has been selected as a "restday."The Tuesday morning services werewell attended, although many werepossibly kept away by the heavy rains.On Tuesday night, which had beendesignated as "Railroad Men's Night,"it was estimated that over fiye hundred railroad employes with their families were present at the services. Thecenter tier of seats had been reservedfor the railroad men, and they came insquads and soon filled up the entirespace assigned especially for them.Evangelist Ham delivered a specially prepared sermon to the men, inwhich he directed his remarks to theespecial needs of themen who wereengaged in so hazardous a calling. Aspecial musical program was renderedunder the direction of Chorister Ramsey. The railroad men evinced a decidedly lively interest in the sermonand the song service.On Wednesday night the inclementweather seemed destined to have a deterrent effect upon the attendance, butthey came in spite of the weather, andheard Evangelist Ham deliver a verystrong sermon. The song service wasalso very pleasing.To-night the Tabernacle will be filled with the members of the I. O. O. F.lodges of the county, supplemented bydelegations of their brethren fromsurrounding towns and county lodges.The "three-link" men will be addressed bv Evaneelist Ham in a sermon ofgreat interest and along the lines o'f"Faith, Hope and Charity," and theother cardinal virtues which are thefoundation of this great order.A GROWING EVIL THATNEEDS SOME CONTROL.MRS. QUINLAN SUICIDES BYTHE PARIS GREEN ROUTE.As the result of a dose of Parisgheen taken with suicidal intent, Mrs.Lorena Collins Quinlan, aged 22 years,wife of Mr. William Quinlan, of Paris,died at midnight Sunday at the homeof her mother, Mrs. Emma Collins,near Jacksonville. No cause was assigned for the-act. Mrs. Quinlan hadbeen in bad health since the death ofher infant child, which occurred aboutsix months ago, and had been greatlydepressed since the death. of her father, Mr. William O. Collins, who diedsuddenly about two months ago.She is survived by her husbandand her mother, Mrs. Emma Collins,and by five sisters, Mrs. GeorgeMoore, of this -county; Mrs. MorinMoore, of Paris; Mrs. Wm. Moore, ofVersailles; Mrs. James Slack, ofGeorgetown; Mrs. Taylor Jones, ofHarrison county; three brothers, Lee,Stoll and Robert Collins, of thiscounty.Funeral services were held at theresidence of Mrs. Collins, on the Clayand Kiser pike, -Tuesday afternoon at1:30 o'clock, Rev. Jones, of Cynthiana, conducted services at tha gravein the Lee Smith burying gronudsnear Jacksonvill. . The pall-bearerswere Jos. Johnson, Marion Ryles, Jas.Fee Smith, Noah Smith and BenKiser.MR. BRYAN COMES TO KENTUCKYSuppose free delivery of mail wereremoved from the Cityof Paris andthe Countv of Bourbon, there would goup from the whole citizenship a protect and if it were a question of paying for the service each tax payerwould come forward with the amountnecessary to maintain the splendidi-ervice.It has never been a luxury, but ai1Q.cccifv niwnvs. and vet the Parisand Bourbon County visiting nurse,Mrs. Mineker, is subject to 'the callof everyone needing theoretical orpractical aid in case the necessityarises. Sanitation! and hygenie arejust as important to our citizens asfree mail delivery. The point wewant to make is that the citizens ofParis and Bourbon County should givefreely of their money to sustain thisinstitution.Now is the time to give what youwill. The three newspapers of Pariswill gladly take charge of any contributions sent them and promptly turnthem over to the" Heath and WelfareLeague.resume of the activities of thevisiting nurse, Mrs. Minneker, showsastonishing results. She is constantlygoin into the homes of those needingservices, gratis. You have but to notify her that her services are ,neededand she will come at any time. Shelias abundantly demonstrated her fitness and ability for this work,an3 even now there are homes in thiscity and county where her coming iswelcomed as is the sunshine after aday of gloom.Come, forward, please, and help tinsmore than worthy cause the helpingof those in sickness and distress whoare financially unable to help themselves.Hon. W. J. Bryan, Secretar ofState, uade a speech at Lexington yesterday afternoon and another at Louisville the same night. He was accompanied by Governor Beckham andCongressman Cantrill and Congressman Sherley also made short addresses. Mr. Bryan came to Kentucky after a conference with President Wilson in which the National situationwas thoroughly discussed. ' It is impotant that Kentucky should have twoDemocrats in the Senate to upholdthe uolicies of the administration, andit is the desire of the President andMr. Bryan that every Democrat in theState should sote the straight ticketthis fall. Mr. Bryan's popularity inKentucky is wide-spread; no otherDemocrat has so large a followingThere are demands for his presencefrom all quarters of the State, andChairman Rhea; ofi the DemocratacState Campaign Committee, regretsthat Mr. Bryan, by reason of engagements in other States, cannot devotemore time to Kentucky-APPEAL FROM MRS. STEWART.TOBACCO sticks:Just received, a car load; of sawedoak tobacco sticks. Both phones .BOURBON LUMBER COMPANY.The News is in receipt of a communication from Mrs. Cora Wilson Stewart, whose great work in the illiteracymovement, has brought her nationalrenown, in which she makes a specialappeal to the ministers of BourbonPnnntv and the City of Paris.Mrs. Stewart earnestly requests theParis and Bourbon County ministersto set aside next Sunday, October 25,as a day on which to preach to theirrespective congregations on the evilsand disadvantages of illiteracy, and tourge each and every one to join inthe movement by encouraging the establishment of "moonlight schools'and by influencing adults, and especially illiterate persons to -attend.ATr Stewart states that the Stateof Kentucky has 208,084 people whocannot read, and that sermons onthe importance of getting the basis ofan education so as to be able to readand write would prove of popular interest and would be far-reaching mits effects. .,BOSTON CHAMPIONS.Patrons who attended the perform-Ann.o nf "Thp Ypllnw Ttolcfit" at theGrand Opera House Wednesday nightwitnessed the presentation of as powerful a play as has been their good fortune to witness in many months..But it is a most regrettable factthat the enjoyment of hose patronswho occupied balcony seats, and infact, a great many in the rear on thelower floor was marred by the rowdyconduct of the negro patrons of thehouse in the eallery. The noise fromthat section of the house was at timesso loud that the patrons of the balcony and on the lower floor couldhardly hear the lines spoken on thestage. Loud cries, cat-calls, andboisterous langhter came at the mostinopportune time, and in several instances the effect of some of thestrongest scenes in the celebratedplay was almost entirely ruined bythe laughter and unseeming noisesfrom the "roost." This has happenedon numerous occasions, and in nearlyeach instance the attraction was oneof the kind that demanded close attention on the part of the auditors.The News is in receipt of the following communication signed with thename of one of the best-known citizens of Paris, which will explainitself:Paris, Ky., October 14."Editor The Bourbon News:"Dear Sir For the past fifteenyears I have been a constant readerof the Bourbon News, a subscriber inall that time. With very few exceptions I have agreed with you on allmatters of public policy which youhave advocated, and time has demonstrated to me that as a rule your policy has been wise and prudent anasafe."Therefore, I appeal to you throughthe columns of your paper to lendyour influence to suppressing an evilvastly complained of."1 am a lover of the drama, therefore a constant Datron of the GrandOpera House in this city. I attended!the perfomance Wednesday night atthis house of 'The Yellow Ticket,' having a seat in the balcony. From whatI heard of the play I judged it to beoneof the best performances I haveever seen in that house. I paid a dollar for mr seat. I left the theatrewith the firm opinion that the conduct of the negroes in the gallery,their loud talking, their whistling andunnecessary commotion had deprivedme of the enjoyment I shoud havehad, and I do not believe such conduct would have been tolerated in anyother house in the United States."I came down into the lobby to enter a protest to the manager of thehouse, but found that I had been forestalled bv several other indignantpatrons. When the question was asked of the President of the Board ofDirectors of the Opera House as to1why the city officials did not try tostop the conduct in the gallery his reply was 'Why, what have they got todo with it?'"In justice to Manager Elliott, ofthe Colonial Amusement Co., it mustbe said that he also expressed indignation, and declared that he would doeverything in his power in the futureto see that the patrons of the housewere protected. It seems to me surelv some means could be devised tonrevent a renetition of such badconduct and that a way might befound to suppress the element thatfrequents that gallery in order that thepatrons who pay their money may beguaranteed the enjoyment of the play."Respectfully,"A PATRON."In connection with this subject wewill say that on the morning after theperformance of "The Yellow Ticket"Mr. Louis Donazetti, manager of thecompany, visited the office of, theNews, and made an indignant protestabout the disorder. He stated thatParis had a good reputation as a showtown, and that after witnessing thescenes enacted in the audience thenight of the performance he wished toadd his approval of the righteous indignation manifested by those whowih to eniov the performance. Hesaid that it would not be- long before it would be an utter impossibility to get a first-class attraction toplay Paris if the patrons were to beannoyed as they were Wednesdaynight.Surely there ought to be somemeans of remedying this state of affairs, and guarantee to the people ofI Paris, whose money built this prettyplayhouse that they can purchase uckets with the assurance that they willbe allowed to enjoy the full measureof each performance. ,riviitcneii &Blakemore'sSI$rjTODAYAnd Not To-morrow, i the Time to Think AboutYourFall Suit and OvercoatCome to this store and buy your clothes.We carry the finest and best makes of clothingin the United States. When you purchase aSuit or Overcoat from us it has to be right or wewon't sell it to you.Clothes that fit you and the kind that wilhold their shape and wear, all styles, for the fatman or the thin man.Suits and Overcoats FromCopyright. 1914klJ. ton C.$10To$35.Think of This Store First!Mitchell & Blakerriore,The Store for Mien's StylesParis, Kentucky! Baldwin's 1!FRANK ft CO.nanrw? xi? Ult Nice BN, -i mzm )! Poik StalcWiSlO oreskfastoer lb, .25eausareBIG LANDSLIDE CLOSESTHE PANAMA CANAL.SAVE PENALTY.The time is ' aboutud for oaying CityTaxes. Pay NOW andsave 1 0 per centrpen-alty.PANAMA, Oct. 15. A serious landslide in the Culebra Cut at a latehour last night iterrupted completelyall traffic through the Panama Canal.Several ships in the canal have beenunable to complete their passage.It is said that traffic through thecanal will be interrupted for sometime.Col. Goethals and other oucials aremaking an examination of the extentof the damage.Stalling's Boston team won theWorld's Championship series by annexing the fourth consecutive gameTuesday by a score of 3 to 1. Thebatteries were Rudolph and Gowdy forthe Bostnns and bhawieyfor the Athletics.HOUSEKEEPERS.Get the New Process Gas Heaterand Range the kind that saves youmoney and work!A. F. WHEELER & UU.,ATTENTION, ODDPELLOWS.Friday night will beI. O. O. E. nigntat theTabernacle. All mem-hprs reauested to:t!1:2 lbs. for35cDressedtChickensSpring LambChoice VealOystersCeleryCranberriesGIVE US YOUR SUNDAYORDER.Our Buyer Has Returned From His SecondEastern Trip and We AreNow ShowingThe Newest Styles In SSuitSj Dre$sesv ; and C J oaks.' Suits at $15 to $25cAU popular fabrics and styles represented. rDresses at $5 to $20 -'In Serge and Satin Combination, clso sc. 1complete line of cAfternoon and EveningDresses in Satins and Crepes.Coats ;VFor Ladies, Misses and Children cy411 styles -andprices. ."'.BALDWIN BROS.OUR INSPECTION CORDIALLY,- INVITED.hr?.S:andTcLms meet aModgeroom... at r o'clock. 2tCOsThe Store Where ReliabilityReigfs.t- V' c ;;'Ty-,-N ,. -& -v -J J "nf.. ?.'.-"-fi&??. --i;:r,Ki.'.),-i-wIh-"::A'-" ' !ffC-""ft"-i--VJ.- -fl .-,-, t v5 - iPWJM,-V ' .THE BOURBON NEWS, PAIIIS, KENtUCKY,0CTOBER 16, 1914 1; . :. , -rIruJHftTi41IThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 1831 32 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Entered at tlie Pans, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months . $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKETFor ' SenatorJ. C. W. BECKHAM(Long Term)JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term)For Congress' J. CAMPBELL CANTRILL.S.'GERMANS "OCCUPY ANTWERP.LONDON, Oct. 13. A wireless offi--cial statement from Berlin states that-enormous provisions of all kinds werecaptured in Antwerp. The Englishblew up ten Antwerp forts themselvesand the Belgians estimated that theyHost 20,000 men in prisoners, according to the German statement. Theinterrupted artillery engagement inthe "Woever region, the report continues, has been resumed, and the bomhardment of Rheims has been resumed. A Russian fleet of eight large vessels was sighted in the Black Sea. Itis claimed that the situation is favora-ihle for Germany everywhere.GERMANS IN GHENT.XONDON, Oct. 13. Germans havetaken possession of the Belgian townof Ghent. The King and Queen ofBelgium are supposed to be in Ostend,-though their wereahouts are un'known. TRTJSSIAN CRUISER SUNK BY GERMANS LONDON, Oct. 13. .n officialstatement issued at Petrograd announces that on October 11 the Russian armored cruiser Pallada was torpedo in the Baltic Sea-by a Germansubmarine and sank with her crew of568 men. The cruiser opened heavyfire, but the submarine succeeded inlanding torpedoes against the Pallada,whereupon an explosion occurred, thecvessel going down.BIG BATTLE IMMINENT.XONDON, Oct. 13. All eyes to-dayiare turned to the eastward, whereunder conditions of the utmost secrecy the Teutonic allies and the Russians are preparing to engage in whatmay prove one of the most decisivecombats of the warfEvidence is accumulating to showthat this gigantic conflict will be determined in Russian Poland and theonly Question disturbing British experts is as to what side has chosen-the battleground.vCURZON WARNS ENGLAND THATGERMANY INTENDS TO RETAIN ANTWERP.LONDON, Oct. 13. Earl Curzon, ofDedleston, formerly Viceroy of India,in a speech at a war meeting at Harrow School, Monday night, said thetaking of Antwerp was a deliberatepart of the German plan."Germany has taken Antwerp to fortify it, to keep it, to use it as a greatjumping off place for her future attempts on this country. It is no temporarv occupation unless we make itso."The speaker added that by forfeitingAntwerp, Germany would secure agrin on the whole of Belgium, make"Holland play her will and then settletlown to her main object the destruction of this country.He said England was in for a longwar, and declared he was shockedthat some people should think thehostilities would he over by Christmas. In his opinion more than one Chirstxnas would roll hy before the end. Inconclusion he advised his hearers notto begin to divide up the German Empire "before you have got hold of it."SIX BOMBS DRIPPED INTO PARIS,FRANCE.PARIS. October 13. A Germanaeroplane, at 10:15 this morning,drooped bombs between two railroadtrains that were in the act of pullingout t)f the Northern Railroad station.The missels did not explode and werelater .found imbedded two feet in theearth.The railroad trains were crowded-with passengers.It was announced officially later inthe day that a Taube aeroplane hadflown over Paris this morning andthrown down six bombs. Five Frenchaviators went up to pursue the Gerjn&n1 airman. A new squadron of air, craft has xbeen formed to deal withGerman aviators.VAST SUPPLIES INDICATE LONGVAR.CHICAGO, Oct. 13. Negotiationsfr the purchase of several thousand-urmy wagoas, one million blankets,tw huadred thousand saddle and hri-4& aad & large supply of rifle cart-ARLY IKNEW; ? jridges for the use of the English andFrench armies, were opened here today by representatives of those governments. Representatives of the army purchasing departments asked for immediate bid on the wagon contracts, as alarge number are wanted for quick delivery in Canada, it was said. The remainder are to be delivered at futuredates. Immediate delivery of blanketsis demanded by the purchasers, asthey are wanted for the use of thetroops in this winter's campaign.. . ZAPATA EXCITES MEXICANS.MEXICO CITY, Oct. 13. An attackwas made the night of October 10 onthe suburbs of Mexico City by adherents of Emiliano Zapata and caused areign a terror in the capital until yesterday when Zapata announced thathe would suspend operations pendingthe outcome of the conference atAguascalientes.SMILE OR FR0WM IS PROBLEMLondon Divided as to Whether Medical Men Should Jest With Patients or Look Solemn.London. Whether a phsicianshould adopt the cheery manner ofbygone days or wear a look of business-likesolemnity, is the controversyraised in the London press by LordRosebery, who in a speech at Epsomcollege, said he would rather a thousand times be treated by a third-ratedoctor with genial features than afirst-rate man of repellent countenance. "The old-fashioned type, who entered rubbing his hands, poked thepatient in the ribs and started to tellhim jokes," replies one physician,"would have a hard time holding hispractice these days."Lord Rosebery answers that the doctor best liked by the modern patientis the one who listens gravely andends by saying, "I know exactly whatthe trouble Is." The main reason whythe grave doctor is liked is becausehe is a good listener, and patients loveto do the talking when it comes totheir troubles."Nearly everyone prefers the doctorwith the churlish manner, providinghe has a good record of cures," concludes the writer, "to the sunny dufferwho is as likely to kill you as not."CAT IS RESCUED BY BIG DOGAngora, Worsted in Fight, Saved FromSea by the ConqueringCanine.Long Beach, Cal. An unusual rescue from drowning was enacted inthe ocean at the end of the pier here,"Ted," a Scotch collie belonging toCaptain Waltqn, and "King," an angora cat, being the actors. The cathas made its home at the end of thepier, and, while defending itself fromthe dog, fell overboard.The dog watched the struggles ofthe cat in the water until Its masterordered "Teddy" to get him. Immediately the dog jumped into the waterfrom the gangplank under the pier,and, in further obedience to his master, grasped by the neck the frightenedcat, which had been clinging to a piling. "King" was brought to safetyin the mouth of the faithful collie.HURLS WOMAN OUT WINDOWBoarder Drops His Landlady FromSecond Story to Ground asClimax to Argument.Chicago. John Rocick was arrestedafter he had alleged to have thrownhis landlady, Mrs. Anna Dohl of 1208West Erie street from a second storywindow. Mrs. Dohl suffered cuts aboutthe face and body. Rocick and Mrs.Dohl, according to the police, becameengaged in an argument which endedwhen he hurled her to the ground.Snake on Sleeper's Face.Berwick, Pa. To sleep on a couchand awake to find a four-foot blacksnake crawling over her face was theexperience of Miss Violet Jtyman ofBerwick. With a piercing shriek thegirl sprang from the couch. Help wassummoned and the reptile killed. Thegirl was not bitten.Beggar Is Worth $15,000.Philadelphia. Michael Denanno, aPhiladelphia cripple, will have tospend three months in a house of correction, although he ouns three properties worth $15,000. It was testifiedthat Denanno's home was luxuriouslyfurnished, richly carpeted and equippedwith a player-piano.(Copyright, by Mediae Syndicate.)IT ALWAYS DOES THE WORK."I like Chamberlain's x Cough Remedy better than any other," writesR. E. Roberts, Homer City, Pa. "Ihave taken it off and on for yearsand it has never failed to give thedesired effeet." For sale by all dealers. -y (oct-dv)ii e cpunni TfEilUi Ui UUIIUUw 1 1 Li L I UAids Educational Awakening inNew Chinese Republic.Plays Prominent Part in Spread of Liberal Ideas Judge Lobinger's Address at Recent -CommencementDay Exercises.Shanghai, China. At the commencement day celebrations at St. John'suniversity, Shanghai, an American institution which has prospered in recent years, Admiral Tseng Ju-cheng,military governor of Shanghai, inspected the cadets and paid them somewell-deserved compliments. At thepresentation of degrees Judge C. S.Lobinger of the United States courtfor China gave an address on the subject of American educational work inAsia, He congratulated the universityupon having sent out so many to taketheir place in the new situation whichconfronted China, and observed thatin the future development of China St.John promised to play a larger andstill more honorable part. One of thefacts which most impressed a newcomer to China like himself was thepredominance of Americans in theeducational awakening of China Inthe vicinity of Shanghai alone therewere several institutions of higherlearning which, like St., John's, owedtheir origin and existence to Americaninitiative.The speaker instanced Soochow andNanking universities, and said theseinstitutions could be found duplicatedin almost every one of the 18 provinces. He went on to refer to the increasing number of Chinese studentsin universities in America, and saidthat the forces of higher education inChina were largely under Americanauspices. A very considerable portion of members of the American University club of Shanghai were Chinesewho had graduated in American universities. These were facts, whichcould hardly escape the notice of eventhe casual visitor.What was not so obvious was thatthis educational effort of America inChina was part of a great nationalundertaking begun long ago, and nowcarried into almost every part of'Asia.Along with the spread of the English language, there had been diffusedideas of democracy and liberty ofwhich the English language and literature was so complete a vehicle. Themovement had had much to do withthe Balkan renaissance, it was behindthe struggle of Persia for liberty, andit was playing a part in the modernmovement in China. It was to be hopedthat the present intellectual and political changes now being wroughtwould be accompanied by a corresponding moral awakening.Mere learning without character wasdangerous, and the government lack-ing a moral basis rested upon seed.Along with other nationalities Americans naturally hoped for a largershare in China's foreign trade. If itwas to be the good fortune of Americato become the teacher of Asia, he didnot fear that its commerce would flowentirely or chiefly into other channels.WOMAN A REINDEER RANCHERMiss Borthwick, an English Girl, IsRaising a Herd in the Spitz- .bergen Valley.London. Reindeer ranching strikesone as being quite a new occupationfor women, but a young Englishwoman hopes to make a very good thingout of a herd she keeps in a Spitzbergen valley, her idea being to export the meat to Aorway. Her story,as she tells it, has all the elementsof a schoolboy romance the lonelyvalley, free to the reindeer and theirowner, the bears and wolves as wellas the valuable gray foxes, the salmonfishing, the cliffs whence the eiderdown is harvested, the hafbor openpractically the year round, so thatmeat can be exported winter as wellas summer, the seals that haunt thewaters, the hundreds of varieties ofwild flowers that grow on Spitzbergenand the long, luminous twilight of winter. It all sounds very charming andone quite believes that Miss JessicaBorthwick enjoys her terms of supervision when she goes up to stay inher log hut, the Boston Evening Transcript remarks. Reindeer, she says,are the tamest creatures, with noneof the spasmodic ferocity that distinguishes some of their relations, andshe tells a rather painful story aboutone mild creature whom she fired atbut missed, and who then came up toask with gently inquiring friendlyeyes, "What was all the trouble eh,what?" This same Miss JessicaBorthwick spent an amazing year inthe Balkans during the war, ridingabout the country and seeing manythings which she believes were hidden from war correspondents.Indian Leads Doctors Back to Wilds.SanVrancisco. Ishi, an Indian whoa couple of years ago was broughtfrom the wilds of Tehama county byUniversity of California anthropologists and taught the ways of civilization in San Francisco, has returned tothe wilderness. With him are Dr. AL. Kroeber and Dr. Saxton Pope, whohave been developing his primitivemind. Ishi will tako them to his oldhaunts in the forests, teach them tcib-ni -nriM emmp with hfw and nrmvff tr'vnJ -.!i.o .i . nJUUUU uivu niwwv .-', mm ,w 44ivias red men lived before the white masBlmhwf nnuDTi -luunc uuiwii-PATED. BILIOUS!To-night! Clean Your 3owels andEnd Headaches, Colds,Sour Stomach. -Get a 10-cent box now.No odds how bad your liver, stosachor bowels; how much your head aches,how miserable and uncomfortable youare from constipation, indigestion, biliousness and sluggish bowels you always get the desired results with Cascarets. Don't let your stomach, liver andbowels make you miserable. TakeTake Caskerets to-night; put an endto the headache, biliousness, dizziness,nervousness, sick, sour, gassy stomach, headache and all other distress;cleanse your inside organs of all thebile, gases and constipated matterswhich is porducing the misery.A 10-cent box means health, happiness and a clear head for months. Nomore days of gloom and distress if youwill take a Cascaret now and then.All druggists sell Cascarets. Don'tforget the children their little insides need a gentle cleansing, too.We never had the pleasure of seeing September A. jL, but we once sawa corn-fed girl climb out of a hanrmock. There are a whole lot of lads whocan name all of the books in the Biblein rotation who can't remember thedollar they borrowed two days afterthey get it.ENDORSED AT HOME.Such Proof as This Should ConvinceAny Paris Citizen.The public endorsement of a localcitizen is the best proof that can beproduced. None better, none strongercan be had. When a man comes forward and testifies to his fellow-citizens,addresses his friends and neighbors, you may be sure he is thoroughly convinced or he would not do so.Telling one's experience when it is forthe public good is an act of kindnessthat should be appreciated. The following statement given by a residentof Paris adds one more to the manycases of Home Endorsement whichare being published about Doan'sKidney Pills. Read it.George McCandles, butcher, Paris,Ky , 3ays: "Some time ago I had occasion to use a kidney remedy. I hadbackache and disordered kidneys.The way Doan's Kidney Pills stoppedthe trouble proved their merit."Mr. McCandles-is only one of manyParis people who have greatfully endorsed. Doan's Kidney Pills. If yourback aches if your kidneys botheryou, don't simply ask for a kidneyremedy ask distinctly for Doan'sKidney Pills, the same that Mr. McCandles had the remedy backed byhome testimony. 50c all stores. Fos-ter-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N.Y. "When your back is lame Remember the Name."Popular Price ExcursionTo Cincinnati and ReturnSunday, Oct. 13, 1914,$1 .50for the Round Trip)Special train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a. m., returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m,Round trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily -from Oct. 1st, 1914, toApril 30, 1915, to all principal touristpoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi, New MexicoTexas and Havana, Cuba, with finalreturn limit May 31 1915, with veryJlibeval stop-over privileges. Also lowround-trip Home-Seekers tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, Louisianaand Mississippi, on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month, with finalreturn limit vfteen days from date ofsale. For further information, call onor address,J. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.WHf-take chances withyour fowls?Bourbon Poultry CureIs absolute and quick death tothe germs of roup, colds andother Infectious diseases. Afew drops In the drinking waterkills the disease germs' and prevents sickness. One 50c bottlemakes 12 gallons of medicine.At druggists, or by mail, postpaid. Valuable poultry bookfree.B0D1B0N REMEDY CO., Lexuilss ly.For SaleAhout 350 shocks corn; 75acresbluegrass furnished to feed on.T TUT TJTTOOOTT.s w. xtx. mjaurn m.East Tennessee Phone 690?CASCARETSBej,(octlSltf) -N " , Vw-avVrenfliirafrtiiialevep Warp,Crack,RolCurl, or, Burn-?plUkeWood .Shingles' nnassHMMsssffli vfTVT if if iil'ffifrfttfiWlThey can be laid right over an old wood-shingle roof without dirt or bother, ancT they make it stormproof and fireproof.5 They're inexpensive. - For particulars addressiBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.BourbonDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetBourbonParis Kentucky.f !WIs Your Coal Bin Full ?Our Coal will give the best results inyour heating stove and furnace, aswell as in your cooking stove.The Coal we sell burns better, givesmore heat and lasts longer than anvany other Coal. Give us a trial ortier.Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.Ifxrli, Sj-h Miin St. Both Phones 140QaKfcQgBgatsgfaQiiafcWB QrtlGEO. W. DAVISFDNEE1L DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBilMEB.BOTH'PHONES DAX 137; NIGHT 299.NMHINaHINMMHPans Odorkss Cleaning Co. tLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your7 clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.,JParis Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.tWhite Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25cVNMMMiHMMMAerated Milk.Why will you pay five cents formilk when you can get the bestmilk 'in the market for four cents?KPhone us at the Woodlawn Dairy.Home, Phone 79; B. T. Phone 540.R. P. COLLIER,,Woodlawn Dairy,LVr "C- 1 JL , "-mrmzawLaundryVltWe Take Pleasure. tyin "oing up the finest shirt- ytfwaists or anything in the Cftlaundry line. That is whay Wmade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and it Mjdever goes bBck on its repu- JJftation. If you are particular fabout how your linen is tjlaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.Laundry,wrisOnlcklv rellevM TCfcpnntfttlari. Sore Icles. Neuralgia. Backache. Headache andall -Mina. Yntir mnner hank if it fails to li)jieTa anr ache in anr Bart ot us eoayfilteea miautcs time. . ., rrit 50c. JLt AU Druguts.i I Ifea Knit aad olwlr at a reqaeit.OMBON REMEDY COEaIMitSt.A Lym " rulingm -VW, 4JT.KEEPYOUR STOMACH "AND .LIVER HEALTHY.A vigorous Stomach, perfect working Liver and regular acting Bowelsis guaranteed if you use Dr. King'sXew Life Pills. They insure goodIngestion, correct Constiparion andlaxe an excellent tonic effect on thev.hole system Purify your blood andrid you of all body poisons throughthe Bowels. Only Hoc at your drug(oct-adv)iVT fc" -i "! . . ' -v r . ' : . LT.ft i .W&BOlJkBpN. nstPARIXQCTQBSRii, JW4w-'fc 7 . i .- 7 rt 1" - 'I j " f ' -' i v 5 VMMMaNHMaaMiVi - v.LEARNED HIS LESSONYOUNG DOCTOR TOOK COUNSELAND PROFITED THEREBY.4.t.!"I"I"I"I"I"I'4,4"H"I"l'4"i"l"I,"3"l"I"I"I''StraussBros.& Co'sNewCigartNo. 8Found That There Are Many WhoSeek the Touch of a Healing Hand,but It Must Be SkillfullyApplied.1. While yet King Woodrow ruledover the people a certain young manwent forth from the place where physicians are taught and betook him unto a city, saying,2. Verily, I have studied long anddiligently and spent much gold gaining wisdom in my calling. Now I willheal the sick and lame and get megreat riches and high repute amongmen.3. Whereupon he sought out a roomnear the marketplace and hung out ashingle to proclaim his calling.4. And in due season it came to passthat the sick came to him for counsel,and many were healed and went upontheir way rejoicing.5. And it came to. pass that manyNOTICE OF COHTESTBOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY.IN THE MATTER OP THE ELECTION HELD IN BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, ON MONDAY,SEPTEMBER 28, 1914, ON THE PETITION OF WILLIAM MYALLAND OTHERS, TO TAKE THESENSE OF THE LEGAL VOTERSOF BOURBON COUNTY ON THEpersons -who were ndt qualified,- tovote, and among others, one JohnCalloway, who was 'not of age; thatthey refused to- allow others who werequalified to vote, and among"them, Sam Smith and HerbertMichem and Sol Fields, andcontestants say that in said precinctthe election officers refused to countieu lkuiuls wmen were vuieu m iavorof the sale, barter and loan of spirituous, vinous and malt liquors.The contestants for further amendment to said ground say that in NorthMiddletovn Precinct No. 1, and in, various other precincts in Bourbon County, that many who were known to bein favor of the sale, barter and loanof spirituous, vinous and malt liquors,.s,' -KTSWcmQUESTION WHETHER OR NOTfZSSSSSM $?& VX? and wl nants and raised to.UiyUUKis bHALL BUj faULii), BAR- hnn ,,,,, nf snnnrtinp- thorn.TERED OR LOANED THEREIN,THIS LAW AND PROHIBITIONTO APPLY TO DRUGGISTSALSO.AMENDATORY AND SUPPLEMENTAL GROUNDS OF CONTEST.Now come T. F. Brannon, JamesPorter, Robert Spencer, Oscar Peddicord, Ed. Slattery, John Johnson,James Cummins, Claude Ratliff, C. N.Peddicord, James Connelly, HarrySaloshin, Malachi Flannagan, ElmerNichols, Frank Sullivan and JamesP.lirHsa nnH am&nri their trrnntile twomen with gold ornaments and nlens- ' prmtoct filed horm-n nn nnfnir iaing ncense came to seek his counsel ' 1914, and especially to the first paraand be healed of divers things. I graph thereof, and for amendment say6. But with one accord they came ! tllat tuev are and eacu of them is anot the second time unto him. i citizen and resident of the United7. Whereupon he mourned exceed- states of America; that they and eachinglv. for he said ,mfn ,i a, iof them is engaged in the business of, . -. """ocu, txiaa ofvllinp-I w.0I On Sale at AllCigar Stands.s4t"II4,44'4t4t4'4"S,S4tIIi'I'II,r'I'"S"l'4Mii"H,'S,S"I"I"iI"I"'I"I"II'"g'4'"Sfr44'4'4,4SzwISTDRACCO?Is It Worth Insuring? fft I ftuertainiy iAsk us to give you therates. We give especial at-tention to all farm business.Try us. Call 36 or 171 day,f 56 night.fW. 0. HINTONI & SON,f THE NEW FSRIVf.1and alas: Without the favor nf thorich ones,., I can never gain eitherwealth or high repute.8. And he sought an elder doctor,sorrowing, and spake unto him, saying,9. Behold, thou art high in favor ofthese wealthy dames, and they bestowmuch fees upon thee, while I, who excel thee in knowledge, get but a singlewhack at them, and they return nomore.10. And the elder physician winkedthe other eye, saying,11. Much learning hath made theemad. Remember that when a womansayeth she is ill, she desireth not thetruth, but much attention.12. And it came to pass that whennext a rich woman called upon theyoung physician, he rebuked her not,saying, a few nights' sleep and a cupof hot water before breakfast willrestore thee.13. Nay, he shook his head sadlyand gave h'er many pills of dough andsugar, saying,14. Get thee to another clime and 1take thine ease among the palms, andkeep thy body supple by much dancingand bathing on the beach.15. And, behold, she showered muchj gold upon him and signed him for herfamily doctor by the year.16. And likewise it befell with manymore who came, until the young manwaxed fat and gouty with much practice. 17. And he reflected often, sayingwithin himself, Verily, it is not onlythe showmongers that fain must givethe public what it wants. Selah.Judge.spirituous, vinous and maltliquors by retail, in Paris, BourbonCounty, Kentucky, by license, and areauthorized to conduct said business insaid territory by virtue of licensegranted to each of them by the UnitedStates of America, Commonwealth ofKentucky, and the City of Paris; andthat the license of them and each ofthem were on September 28, 1914, andnow in full force and effect.selves and their families and those depending upon them, were told that ifthey did not vote dry, the "drys,"their landlords, would not raise anytobacco and that they would bethrown out of employment, and thatmany persons were coerced to vote"No" upon said proposition, and contestants say for these reasons theelection was not free and equal.They come and amend the fourteenth ground of their contest, and foramendment say that in the variousvoting precincts in Bourbon Countythe booths were not provided withcurtains as the law requires, and thatthe voters did not have an opportunity to vote the secret ballot, as thelaw requires, and that the secrecy ofthe ballot was thereby destroyed; thatall persons who under the law wererequired to present certificates of registration before voting .were not called upon and compelled to presenttheir certificates of registration, andthat because of this, said election ineach and all of the precincts in Bourbon County, Kentucky, on September28, 1914, was not free and equal, andwas therefore null and void and of noeffect.The contestants for further amendment as a twentieth ground of contestsay that the election held in Bourbon iU(ervous womenAre troubled with the "blues" anYiPfv eLwm-w......i ?ZrA sl'efroce ?.. . U.. l t-i J --yaina& C1IU TT4rniJlV5 VC DI5mfc7 SrX ,:: ZZy "I. " "Ke ny.m.S messengers throughout body Mdirh XTLSSi "y V y not he accompanied by backache or. .., v ui5 uuwii. me xucai aisoraers and inflammation if fkris any, should be treated .with Dr. Pierce's LoSon' TaK TfcnSInervous system and the entire womanly mpuJfonJctDR PIERCE'SFavorite PrescriptionTake this in liquid or tablet form and b a wall woman!Mrs 17nT..1..fC. r r. ... . WW fMtontegssrssnomi At t. j.r--"r r- . c ui .1tin IJBiPSPJ?11.? S21S renedy to anyWn Dr. V. n. Karat, taffeta, M. Y.Dr. Pioroo'9 Piaasant Pelletspogutmto stoamoh, liver, bowelscon-pain at certainGMhomefWomanhoodMotherhoodwrw C it T CCaave me imierencePaying Cash.ByAnd they come and amend the County, Kentucky, on September 23,twelfth ground of contest heretofore ' 1014, was ordered upon a petition offiled, and for amendment thereto say i Wm. Myall and others who petitionedthat in Millersburg Precinct No. 1,Richard (Fick) Wasson and J. H. Taylor were appointed by the Board ofElection Commissioners of Bourbon J toxicating liquors shall be sold, bar-for the submission of the question"On the proposition of whether or notspirituous, vinous, malt or other in-P2'IM''I,t22'i,I'I'I'I',S'2''s'cC'S'S'$irATTENTIONPEOPLE!Do You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesGome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.sR&GLCBELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone1014For Sale.Stunted City Worker.The stunted city worker has beendiscussed recently in a remarkablepaper by an English inspector of factories. He contrasted the figures ofthe height and weight of 2,749 menreared in such industrial centers asSheffield, Birmingham, Gateshead,Newcastle and Swansea, working atindoor occupations with those of '400navvies, iron workers and salmon fishermen, born and bred in rural districts and accustomed to outdoor callings. He found that the average height ofthe indoor workers was five feet,, fiveinches, and the average weight 10stone. The average hight of the outfloor workers was five feet, eightinches and the weight 10 stone 4pounds.Scotsmen were the tallest, and na:ives of County Kerry the heaviest.He declared that a considerable proportion of the working populationwas being artificially stunted to agrave extent.He expressed the opinion that deterioration was largely a matter ofpoverty. Tea did more than was suspected to undermine the constitutionof the industrial classes.County, Kentucky, to serve as clerkand judge respectively, of said precinct, and that both Wasson and Taylor were selected from the list ofnames furnished by those who favoredthe sale, barter and loan of spirituous,vinous and malt liquors; that bothsaid Wasson and TaTor were late andwere not at the polling place at sixo'clock a. m. on the morning said election was held, and that without 'waiting thirty minutes, as the Statute insuch cases requires, the other officers who were opposed to the sale,barter. or loan of spirituous, vinous ormalt liquors in Bourbon County,or the other persons there assembledwho oppose the sale, barter orloan of spirituous, vinous or maltliquors in Bourbon County, orsaid officers and other persons whowere opposed to the sale, barter orloan of spirituous, vinous or maltliquors, acting jointly and in concert,selected two officers to take the placesof said Wasson and Taylor, fromtered or loaned in said County, andthat this law and prohibition shallapply to druggists."The contestants further say thatthe Bourbon County Court orderedsaid election "For the purpose oftaking the sense of the legal voters ofsaid county who are qualified to voteat elections for county officers uponthe proposition of whether or notspirituous, vinous or malt liquors shallbe sold, bartered or loaned therein,and said law and prohibition to applyto druggists."The contestants further say that thequestion submitted to the voter, onthe official ballot was "Shall spirituous, vinous or malt liquors be sold,bartered or loaned in Bourbon County,Kentucky, said law and prohibition toapply to druggists."Contestants say that the said proposition petitioned for was not authorized by law; and that the propositionupon which the election was orderedto be held was not the proposition pe-1I12 pounds Granulated Sugar $1.00" Pure Hog Lard, per pounds 1 5cCoffee, per pound, only 15cPure Cider Vinegar. 30cfancy Northern Potatoes, per peck. 30cHead Rice, per pound 8 I -3cBroken Rice, per pound 5cNew Packed Oats, 3 packages i 25cLenox Soap, 8 bars for 25c25 pounds White Rose Flour. 80c25 pounds Purity or R. C. Hour 85cOur terms being: strictly cash, thedelivery boy carries change. You maypay at home same as store.T. C. LENIHANCash Grocer, Both Phones 234among those who opposed the. sale, titioned for, and was not the proposibarter and loan of spirituous, vinous i turn authorized by law to be submitor malt liquors in Bourbon County, j ted, and the proposition which wasand notwithstanding both said Wasson printed upon the official ballots, whichand Taylor appeared within a short t were pctually submitted to the voterstime after six o'clock a. m., on said j of Bourbon County, was not the propmorning, and within thirty minutes af-' osition authorized by law to be sub-,His Future."The child is otherwise in perfecthealth," said the great physician, "butI regret to say that he is afflicted witha curious mental deficiency.""Explain!" groaned the unhappyfather."The pictorius mucilo of the medullagezinkus has never appeared in . hisbrain. That is the nerve that develops the mathematical powers. To yourmitted and was not the prepositionordered by the Court to be submitted,and for these reasons, contestants sayter six o'clock a. m., they were not allowed to take their places as officersof said election for'-sometime afterthey came, and until more than forty that said election was illegal, null andvotes had been cast in said precinct, void.and for these reasons the contestants isaj that the election held in Millersburg Precinct No. 1, on September 28,1914, upon said proposition, was illegal and void, and of no effect and wasnot free and equal.' TJ&SSFPRlDEAr'r MAN'BANKS ASMONEYAs a further amendment to saidgrounds they say that in MillersburgPrecinct No. 2, on said date the election commissioners of Bourbon County, had appointed J. PI.' Stewart andHenry Bowling sheriff and .judge respectively, from the list of names furnished by those opposed to said proposition, and had appointed John B. Vimont, judge, and V. L.. Barton, clerk,from a list furnished by tliose favoring said proposition, and that on themorning of the election and withoutwaiting thirty minutes after the opening of the polls at six o'clock, the persons opposing the sale, barter or loanof spirituous, vinous or malt liquors,selected one O. H. Collier, who wasopposed to said proposition to act asclerk at said election in said precinct,wrongfully and unlawfully, andwrongfully and unlawfully compelledV. L. Barton, who had been appointedclerk to act as judge.The contestants further say that atsaid precinct tliose favoring said proposition had selected a qualified ,personto act as challenger at, said electionand had issued to him the proper credentials as such, and that the officersof election in said precinct wrongfullyand unlawfully refused admission toT. F. BR VNXON.JAMES PORTER.ROBERT SPENCER,OSCAR PEDDICORD,ED SLATTERY.JOHN JOHNSON,JAMES CUMMINS,CLAUDE RATLIFFE,C. N. PEDDICORD,JAMES CONNELLY,HARRY SALOSHIN.MALACHI FLANAGAN,ELMER NICHOLS,FRANK SULLIVAN,JAMES CURTIS.Bv DENIS DUNDON, ,and J. J. WILLIAMS.Attorneys for Contestants.Affiant, T. F. Brannon, says that heis one of the contestants in the fore-'going contest and that the statemntsof these amendatory and supplementalground of contest are true as he verily believes.T. F. BRANNON.Subscribed and sworn to before me jby T. F. Brannon. this Oct. 10. 1914.EDNA KELLER,Notary Public, Bourbon Co., Ky..MftuunlBlintPiijzm rmimrr stzmti,-mn?s.-mmii'. j-r-& wa i HJM. fiS. Wl z12ssqTONED UP WHOLE SYSTEM."Chamberlain's Tablets have donemore for me than I ever dared hopefor ," writes Mrs. Esther Mae. Baker,Spencerport, N. Y. "I used severalbottles of these tablets a few monthsthe election booth to said challenger ' ago.. They not only cured me ofand they state that because of the bilious attacks, sick headaches and1 matters and things herein set out that ; that t-ired out feeling, but toned up, . i-7.i -Tin i "r mv whole Rvstpm" TiYir ?n1p hv nl!son fimirpc nn Tinmhorc !. , I Llie "" "Ci" .."w- -.o .. WJ vtuv.1 uuuPony Saddle and Blanket for')ony cart. Inquire at News office, tfFor Rent.system will be a conglomerate massof nothingness.""Then he can't work in MY office,"said the father sadly, "but he ought tobe great at making up .the summertrain schedules for suburban railroads." Washington Post.Frame house on Second street.rVpply at 315 Pleasant Street, E. T.telephone 276, or at Paris BookStore, E. T. Telephone 562.Rooms For Rent.. Furnished rooms for rent in a con--ortabtehome close to business cenAll conveniences; convenient torrsfoffice, opera house, churches, etc.APply at this .office.How to Banish Flies.General Vaillard, president of thehealth board of the French army, addressed the Royal Society of Medicinein London a few weeks ago on "Houseflies and Public Health." Among themost interesting things he said werethose about the best methods of riddinghouses of flies. After mentioningthe traps and flypapers with whicheveryone is familiar, he spoke of pyfethrum powder as very active whenfresh and pure. Milk containing 15per cent of formalin is good, and fumigation ivith cresol ought to be morecommon, as it destroys mosquitoes aswell as flies. This fumigation is especially'oiseful in kitchens and stables.cihet No. 2, was not free and equaland was therefore null and void.For further amendment to the saidground of contest they say that inClintonville Precinct No. 2, the officersof election selected from a list ofthose favoring the sale, barter andj loan of spirituous, vinous and malt jI liquors, were not at the polls on the jj morning of said election at six o'clock .' a. m., and that without waiting untilhalf past six a. m., as the law re-.quires, that the two officers selected ifrom a list of tliose opposed to thesale, barter or loan of spirituous, vin- Jous or malt liquors, or the personsthere assembled, who opposed thesale, barter or loan of spirituous Jvinous or malt liquors, or said 'officers and said persons thereassembled, acting jointly and in jconcert, selected H. A. Power and RoyPepper from among those who were .opposed to the sale, barter or loan ofspirituous, vinous or malt liquors, andthat because of this, said election in IClintonyille Precinct No. 2 was illegal, jvoid and of no effect and not free andequal. . ' JThe said officers of election allowed imy whole system.'dealers.For sale by all(oct-adv)Tie prostratingcough tears downyour strength.The clogged air-tubes directly affect your longs and speedily lead topleurisy, pneumonia, consumption.SCOTT'S EMULSION overcomesbronchitis in an easy, natural way.Its curative OIL-FOOD soothes theinflamed membranes, relieves thecold that causes the trouble,and every drop' helps, tostrengthen your lungs.All Drussiat Have It14-44 REFUSE SUBSTITUTESB332B1S1pocrrr books' )ta Bank is a Safe Place for iftMoney carried in the pocket slips away easily. Putyours in our BANK ; it won't be so hard to refuse a loan to"friends" who will never pay' you back. Nor will you foolishlySPEND your money when .it is safe in our bank.We refer those who have not banked with us to those--whoHAVE. Our vaults and locks are strong. The goodnames of men f high GHARAGTER and known financialRESPONSIBILITY are also behind our bank.Make OUR bank YOUR bank-We pay 3 per cent, interest onSavings.DEPOSIT ANDBANKCAPITAL $ 1 50,000.0aSURPLUS .-'.--" 50,000.00STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY.... 150,000.00Protection to Depositors $350,000.00S. E. BEDFORD, President. C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.Handsome Resdence For Sale.l-iMy residence on Mt. Airy Is forsale. One of the most modern homesfin raris. Every convenience. Pros-iPective buyers are invited to inspectj the building and premises.f (23jly-tf)- MRS. M. A. PATOIExpert CarriagePaf nter.JIi Percy Hakn, the expert Car-.-riagePainter, who has been employ- -edby Holiday & Sttle, and also their 'successor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for tWpast 8 yers, has opened a shop ait iktcorner of Fouth and High Streets, aa&solicits the patronage of those nesting anything in his line.$6th Phones 583. ,-v ,iM.& "" sIr sitV'fc rv-c'LT..-r1 -"-fcwibV-."V'"Arffr Pis' vtV ' V.V ?V f T$r.K,X3J&4-. ,'I:1!..?.: aa -r .X-FA r iVJ-tJ;, d s--rAVv-11v-.?' r r- r t -v . jwTHEBOURBON NEWS; PARIS KENTUCKY,:OCTOBER 16, ! 014V jX""?6tI'llItrUlfxISKU:-;II-A 42IfCrrtiiMiiimmnni if Mfrjm 1 1 iiWolf; Wile & Co.ormeriy JKaufman, Straus dc Co.Lexington, K.y.ANNOUNCE THE ARRIVALBRAND NEW1 TAILORED SUITSFOR WOMENBroadcloths, Gabardines and Wool.Poplins, $25, $30, $35, $40, $50.New Afternoon and Street Dressesin combinations of velvet and serge and satin$15 to $25:New Coatsfor.street, motor and evening wear, in large and medium" plaids, broadcloths, mixtures and Bayedere cloths$7.50 to $25.ifNew Blousesin lace, velvet, satin crepe de chine and plaids; also a freshnew line of lingerie blouses.Silk and Lace Blouses $3.85 to $15.00Washable Lace Blouses.. $1.50 to $5.00WOLF, WILE & CO.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, KentuckyWhen it comes to tough lookingthings, an automobile that has beenrased for five years, and corset thathas been worn for live months aretied for first prize.oSPECIAL DISPLAYiHBHBaMiaMaBBaIHanaiaaMaaaaiHiaHHaiBaaaa9iaaaaaBaMHBaaHBH1MaHBaaaaBHaBliaBliaiHHMnBUIliOf The Latestc7VOLLINERY.c7llODESvNew Dressy HatsFoi? clfternoonand Evening Wear Fresh Modelss.just out will be shown for the.first time this week.cTlain Street, East.OF A LARGE NUMBER OFMODELS INAND MISSES.This is a queer world. We are all' willing to lend money to a millionairewho doesn't want it, but we won'tlend any to a poor man who needsit.EMBRY &THIS WEEK.YOUR INSPECTIONINVITED!Embryo C&vt.GRAND LODGE, I. O. O; F.The Grand Lodge of Kentucky OddFellows convened in Frankfort, Tuesday morning, with, about four hundr.eddelegates in attendance. Grand Secretary R. G. Elliott had everything inreadiness, and the session started offwithout delay. The following delegates attended from Bourbon LodgeNo. 23, of Paris: Judge E. B. January, Messrs. P. J. McCord, A. L.Burley, Geo. M. Rose, J. T. Hill, Geo.W. Judy, S. J. Brown and Bishop Hibler. The session was opened with anaddress of welcome by Major JosephRupert, which was responded to byMr. Beckham Overstreet. Mr. PaulGaines delivered a welcome in behalfof the local lodges, which was responded to by Judge M. M. Logan.The 150 children from the Widows'and Orphan's Home, arrived Tuesdayafternoon, and were extensively entertained at the Odd Fellows' TempleAt night the children gave a play forthe Grand Lodge and the public at theCapital Theatre.The next meeting will be held atDawson Springs.Among the important businesstransacted was the adoption of a twenty-centper capita amendment and forthe establishment of a home for agedaria" indigent Rebekas and Odd. Fellows. This latter was a measure thatwas fathered by Judge E. B. January,of this city,v and has been earnestlyadvocated by him for years. JudgeJanuary was elected a member of theBoard of Directors of the Odd Fellows'Home at Lexington.The officers elected for the ensuingyear are: M. M. Logan, Brownsville,Grand Master; Virgil P. Smith, Somerset, Deputy Grand Master; V. G.Gregory, Mayfield, Grand Warden; R.G. Elliott, Lexington, Grand Secretary; B. J. Durham, Danville, GrandTreasurer; J. Whitt Porter, BowlingGreen, Grand Representative.MASSIE HOSPITAL NOTES..Mrs. Roy Taylor was operated on atthe hospital Sunday and is gettingalong nicely.Dr. George L. Rankin, who was operated on at the institution recentlyfor appendicitis is improving.Miss Drusie Elliott, of the county, atyphoid fever patient, is improving.Mr. David Knox, whose foot wascrushed in the L. & N. railroad yardsearly Wednesday morning, wasbrought to the hospital, where themember was amputated by Drs. Chas.G. Daugherty and A. H. Keller.Mrs. J. H. Richards, of White's Ad-T dition, was brought to the HospitalI Tuesday morning andv was operated onfor tumor Wednesday night by Drs.& ! Barclay and Herrin, of Lexington, assisted by Drs. Huffman, of Millersburg, and Kenney, of Paris. The operation was successful and Mrs. Richards is getting along very nicely.Miss Elizabeth Powell, one of themost popular members of the nursingcorps of the Hospital, will leave thisweek to spend her vacation at her oldhome, Winchester.SAVE YOUR COAL BILLS.whpn vrm ?ft rpadv to lav in vour'winter coal we can saw you money,' phnnp 9.nI rf- WMWM w-w.(15-tf)J. H. BATTERTON.CO.,fi.ISCo.Lexington, Ky.- . &'Jt-Sales Ladies WantedCLOSING OUT!4?Sale Begins Saturday, Oct. 1 7The Cincinnati Store, after 12 successful years of business in Paris, Ky., have engagedin another line of business, and will close outSTOCK AND FIXTURESFOR WHAT THEY WILL BRING.We are compelled to make great sacrifices, as our time is limited (and time ismoney). Remember, we have just laid in a fresh stock of winter goods, consisting ofLadies' and Gents' Furnishings, Men's, Boys and Children's Clothing, Ladies', Men's andChildren's Shoes, Ladies' and Children's Cloaks, Millinery, Dry Goods and Notions, Comforts, Blankets and Rain Coats.EVERYTHING MUST GO QUICKLY, REGARDLESSOF COST!You can't afford to miss such a great money-saving opportunity. Do not wait foryour neighbors to get all the bargains, and for you to pay high prices elsewhere afterour stock is gone.We have marked down everything so low as to make short work of it. Our loss isiyour gam.The CincinnatiB. Friedman, Proprietor.PARIS AND MT. STERLINGTO MEET ON GRIDIRON.The football teams of the Paris and i Those vitally interested in the educaMt. Sterling High Schools will meet tional work of the city and county areon the gridiron field at the Fair eagerly awaiting the convening in thisGrounds Park, in Mt. Sterling, to-mor- city of the first session of the Ashlandrow. The game promises to be a I District Educational Association,hotly-contested one, as the teams areevenly matched and there is a greatdeal of rivalry between the two teams.The probable line-up of the teams forthe struggle to-worrow will be:Paris, Elder, center; Wagner, righttackle; Redmon, left tackle; Woods,right guard; Templin, left guard; McShane, right end; Tackett, left end;Lavin, quarterback; Hutchcraft, lefthalf; Connell, right half; Adair, fullback; Raymond Connell, Clayton,Santen, Sterling, substitutes.Mt. Sterling Van An twerp, center;Blevins, right tackle; Kelly, left tackle; Oldham, right guard; Wyatt, leftguard; Coleman, right end; Robertson, left end.; Daniels, quarter back;Dehaven, left half; Nesbitt right half;Dale, fullback.The team will be accompanied onthe trip by a large number of HighSchool' "rooters."Prot. Fritz Niliart, the officialcoach, will go along to direct theplay of his team. The Paris warriorsexpect to give the Mt. Sterling boysa good deal to do 1 the scrimage.HEAVY RAINFALL.One of the heaviest rains in themonth of October began to fall inParis, Monday and has continued almost unceasingly since then with little prospect of relief. Government re-i ports show" that since the rain beganapproximately of an inch has tallenevery twenty-four hours.The streams in the county have risen rapidly and are now bank full andrunning over ana when the watercomes down from the headwaters ofStoner, there will be a young floodin prospect.Whatever the result may be thefarmers are to a certain extent prepared. The tobacco crop has beenhoused and a large acreage of thecorn crop is in the shock. Cattle andall kinds of stock are reported in excellent condition for the approachingwinter.In the city the downpour has caused a great deal of discomfort, butno damage. The sewers have beenequal to the task of carrying off thesurface water, and the new street hasreceived a thorough flushing."ADAMS EXPRESS COMPANYA CHARITABLE ORGANIZATION."In view of the charitable cause ofthe American Red Cross Society arepleased to announce the Adams Express Company will issue their moneyorders free of charge, when they aresold. for remittances to the AmericanRed Cross Society, Washington, D. C.and the money orders made payableto the above society. .Respectfully,C, E. OLLIVER, Agt..PALMER SCHOOL HONOR ROLL..The following students at the Palmer School are on the honor roll, as aresult of work done during the monthof September:Florence Pate, 'general average, 95;Loraine Brannock, 91; T. B. Brannock,Jr., 92; Josie Brannock, 90 ThelmaBrannock,' 90; Luica Smith, 90;Hedgie Taylor, 90; Helen Speakes, 90;Wallace Pate, 90 ; Owsley PalmerSpeakes, 90."WE TOLD YOU SO!"The W. C. T. TL at their State convention in Winchester, Ky;, have notonly just gone on record again favoring "State-wide" prohibition of distilled and fermented liquors, but havepassed a resolution urging State-wideprohibition of tobacco on "the sameground that it isinjurous to the human system."Many think this is logical and fair.Tobacco nextltThings are coming around to. a pointJ where ,a suffragette can have you, ar-rAsifar1..if -rrtii sair ad ist affarrtinoiA'I,417THE ASHLAND DISTRICTEDUCATIONAL ASSOCIATION.which meets here Friday and Saturday, Oct. 23 and 24, in the auditoriumof the City School.Prof. T. A. H,endricks, Superintendent of the Paris Public Schools, isPresident of the Association; Prof. C.Prentice Lancaster, Vice-President,and Miss Mabel Robbins, Superintendent of County Schools, is SecretaryTreasurer. The program, which has been incourse of preparation by Superintendent Hendricks, embraces a variety ofentertaining features.The first days' session on Friday,Oct. 23, will be opened with invocation by Dr. O. E. Mangum, pastor ofthe Paris Baptist Church. Addresseswill be made at the morning sessionby President Hendricks; Prof. R. S.Eubank; Prof. H. C. McKee, of Frankfort; Prof. M. B. Hifner, of Versailles.At noon the guests will be tendered aluncheon by the teachers of the countyschool3.At the afternoon session addresseswill be delivered by Prof. J. C. Waller,of Georgetown; Miss Jessie O. Yancey, County Superintendent of Schoolsof Mason County; Judge HarmonStitt: Prof. T. J. Coates, of Frankfort.The High School Orchestra will furnish a program and musical selections.The evening sessionwill be devotedto jnusical program by the HighSchool Orchestra, a vocal solo by A.L. Boatright, Choral Director of theChristian Church Choir; an addressby Dr. J. G. Crabbe, President of theEastern Kentucky State NormalSchool, and at the conclusion of thesession a reception will be tenderedby the teachers of the Paris PublicSchool.The "Saturday morning session willbe opened with an invocation by Rev.George Harris, rector of St. Paul's M.E. Chuch The program to follow comprises addresses by President HenryS. Baker, of State University; Prof. O.V. Jones, of Owenton; Profr Edgar C.Riley, of Burlington; President R. H.Crossfield, of Transylvania; Prof. E. F.Darnaby, of Winchester. The visitorswill be entertained at lucheon at noonby the members of the County SchoolImprovement League.The afternoon session will be devoted to an address by Prof. Ligon, ofLexington; instrumental solos, an address by President M. B. Adams, ofGeorgetown College; election of officers, and the report of the SecretaryTreasurer. The program will be published in alater issue of- the News, as severaldetails are yet to be filled out.JAMES ALLEN SAYS."As an instance of what a railroadcan do to a town, the discontinuanceof the 'dinky' trains between Gynthiana and Paris will cause sevenfamilies of railroad employes to remove from Cynthiana."At Paris an evangelist is lambasting modern dances. After the warwhenu everybody is required to disarm maybe the boys can be presuaded td take their arms off thegirls."You have often heard of excellentploughboys being ruined to makemighty poor preachers and first-classcarpenters transformed into iack-legg-I ed lawyers, but misfits you have withyou in greatest multitudes always areperfectly good bachelors who are turned into rotten husbands. """The Lexington Leader says 'everyblast from Edward P. Morrow's buglehorn is worth ,a thousand votes' tothe Republican party. Ed's buglemust be built like a German seigegun."THE BEST HEATER AND RANGEGet the New Process Gas Range!and Heater, from the leading" stove- -? A-vTEV WTTBBT.T2I SPfl-Safes Ladies Wanted I,;.StoreMain St., Paris, Ky,McCHESNEY A SPELLBINDER.There is no more popular Democratic speaker in Kentucky than KarryMcChesney, former Secretary ofState. He is accompanying GovernorBeckham and wherever he has appeared the local Democracy has beendelighted with his speeches. His exposure of Gov., Wilson's administration of State affairs is one of the mostinstructive and entertaining chaptersin the political history of Kentucky.Mr. McChesney's arraignment of Willson was so severe that the RepublicanCommittee'refused to permit any morejoint debates if McChesney va? going to appear.HOW TO SAVE MONEY.Buy a New Process GasHeaterand Range, fromA. F. WHEELER & COFARMERS ELIGIBLE 'TO A $1,600 POSITION.Senator J. N. Camden wishes to callthe attention of the farmers of Kentucky to the fact that an examinationfor filling the position of Field Agentfor Kentucky in the United States Bureau of Crop Estimates will be heldNovember 4 at Ashland, BolwingGreen, Covington, Lexington, Louisville, Owensboro and Paducah. Farmers are especially eligible to take thisexamination. The salary is ?1,600 ayear.EVERY LOAD GUARANTEED.We guarantee every load of coalto give, satisfaction. Phones 336.(15-tf) J. H. BATTERTON.ATTENTION, ODDFELLOWS.. Friday night wiSI bei"I. O. O. F- night at theTabernacle. All members requested tomeet at lodge roomat 7 o'clock. 2tmrFor Sale.Heating stove good as new. Willsell cheap. Call .Cumberland Phone885. (15-3t)NOTICE!BOURBON-COUNTY COURTIn the Matter of OscarHedges, &cON PETITIONNotice of Election!!Notice is hereby given under a judgment and order of the Bourbon. CountyCourt entered in the above styled proceeding, an order was entered in thesaid Court directing an election to beheld in Flat Rock voting precinctsNumber One and Two, upon the following question:Are you in favor of making it unlawful for cattle or any species thereof torun at large on the public highwayand unenclosed land of Flat Rock Magesterial district, composed of FlatRock voting Precinct No. 1 and FlatRock voting Precinct No. 2?Said election will be held on Tuesday, November 3rd, 1914, at the regular election to be. held o'n-that date.Witness my" hand, this 9th day ofOctober; 1914.-, " "W F. TALBOTT.'.K Sheriff, of Boerbon eowrtjr,fomi20-22-3 f:fv-" " "v wv v.'wuuanbw .,V".'5?Cf i$T ,iV4 Z.TtIk.j--r(.,ViAP. WBMKLSSk 4B CO.1vTht-5wIT!Tte fcOUWON R4R& krntuckx,AJEM4;?rki&rC-N." HTY-.vVT -sESBBBR1HAS THE BEST'OF ALL LINES MADESAVE PENALTY.The time is aboutup for paying CitySOGIAtAPERSONALTaxes. Kay INOW andsave 1 0 per cent pen- jafty.30X SUPPER.A box supper for the benefit of theschool library will be given at theCare Ridge school house on Fridaynight, October 16, at 7 o'clock.FRESH SAUSAGE."We are receiving Morris' sausage0-,fry day.(cc!l6-lt) C. P. COOK & CO.ARBCR DAY.The fury of the woman whogetsinto trouble and see's hername in the papers is as nothing compared with the scornof the woman who tfives aparty and finds that her nameis not printed in the papers.Moral Send us the newsand see that we get it.Gov. McCreary has issued a proclamation designating' Friday, November6, as Arbor Day, tor the Common-ealth of Kentucky, and requestingit-, observance by the planting of treesa-d such other exercises as may bedeemed proper.NOTICE TO ODDFELLOWS.All Odd Fellows are requested tomeet at the Bourbon Lodge room, Frida night, promptly at 7 o'clock, to attend the Tabernacle servicc; in abcCy, it being Odd Fellows' night. Thecenter seats will be reserved for members of the order. -FINE SADDLE HORSE SOLD.Mr. Alexander Hamilton, of Peters-t'-r,Va, First Vice-President of theantic Coast Line, and a director ofte Louisville and Nashville RailroadCompany, purchased of Mr. Henry A.Power, of this city, an extra nice sorlel saddle horse at a private price, forh.s personal use. The horse wasslipped to Petersburg, Tuesday night.Mr. Hamilton sent a personal representative to Kentucky with instructions to look at all the best saddlestock in Central Kentucky and to purchase the best he could find.Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth is the guest ofher sister, Mrs. N. T. Carley, in Cincinnati. Mrs. Pattie Kohlass, of Winchester, is a guest of her sister, Mrs. Chas.J. Clarke.Miss Mildred Lisle has returnedKfrom a visit to Mrs. Shields Bush, inw muuester.Miss Mary Hackett is a guest ofher aunt, Mrs. James Porter, on SouthMain street.Mr. Coleman Renick, of thi3 city,was a guest of relatives in Winchester, this week.Mrs. W. F. Cheatham, .of Carlisle,visited friends and relatives in thiscity Wednesday.Misses Gertrude and Anna Anderson, of Covington, are guests offriends in this city.Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Harris leftyesterday for a visit to friends andrelatives in Chicago.Mrs. J. J. Curtig is hostess toMissGertrude Westerkamp, ot Cincnnati,at her home on Tenth streetMrs. J. B. Hennesey, who has beena guest of Mrs. J. 'Morgan Brown, hasreturned to her home in Lexington.Mrs. Mollie Darnall has returnedto Carlisle after a visit to Mr. . andMrs. W. H. Harris, on Vine street.Mi3s Calista Sharrard and Mrs. !Bryan, guests of Mrs. J. W. DeJarbowlig12eague proposed.If plans now contemplated are carried out .the Blue Grass Bowlers'League, composed of representativeteams from Lexington, Paris, Winchester and Cynthiana bowling alleys will joe formed and a schedule of gamesjfor the season, which will be put ineueuc sometime eany-in JNovemoer.j The promotors -of the proposed,j league are H. Adams, of Lexington;in. k. natlitt, of Winchester; J. E. Ammerman, of Cynthiana and Mr. JamesYewell, of the recently opened Parisalleys.Good prize money will be offered forthe champions of the league, whichwill serve as an incentive toward goodplay. The four towns will be represented by teams of thecbest playerschosen in. competitive playing in eachtown." xThe Paris alleys, which opened Saturday under the management of Mr.James Yewell, 'recently, of Bardstown,has had a good pl&ywid on the opening day was start'by some ofthe most repress citizens ofParis, some of w t$d a largeexperience,in ta ye' by. Mr.Yewell's ainyis Jto v , 'totUe bestpeople onlyjpfcna toe Chap68jto revivethe 'rivalry JiJichv Wlstere yearsago wnen. whs powiincaareyer" wasone of the oMiiratslJaHfnts.The new abuilding oncupied by Prichand more recenters for the localthe recent campaign.SBBRk ji'HSTATE CON V ENTION ; U. p Op -' j ! " M ffi jl M ' IUaWrj&BVKfcmmmmm.ted in thebrmerly ocean as a garageed as headquar-on people duringMRS. STUART'S WILL.The State Conventidn of the United 'Daughters of thex Confederacy tconvened in Frankfort7 Wednesday, andcontinued until last night.Richard Hawes Chapter Pais, wasrepresented by Miss Kate Edgar, firstpresident of the local chapter; Mrs.W. G. Talbott, former president;Mrs. Charles C. Leer, State historian; Mrs. J. T. Vansant, Mrs. JohnConnell, Mrs. Russell Mann, Mrs.Ben j. Perry, Mrs. H. H. Hancock, Mrs. 'Marion Bedford, Mrs. Thos. McDonald, Mrs. Wm. Hukill, Mrs. R. J. Neely,Mrs. Ada Rice? of North Middletown, 'and Misses Frances Hancock and Carroll Leer. !The CJake?s Remedies:INSURANCE LOSS SETTLED.The large barn belonging to Mr.John Roseberry, which was destroyedby fire on October 4th, together withits contents, was insured for $3,500with the agency of W. O. Hinton &Son, of Paris. The adjusters werehere Monday and made a full settlement with Mr. Roseberry for thatamount.INVITATION.-&Ladies, come and bring the 'children and let Mrs. Felti fit them upwith their Fall and Winter school1 hces.(octl6-tf) FELD'S SHOE-STORE.CHORAL SOCIETY.The last will and testament of thelate Mrs. Georgia Williams Stuart hasbeen probated in the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton. The instrument,which is in the handwriting of thetestatrix, bears the date of March 2,1Q14 A f f ! malrintr narfoin hominitiinett have, returned to their homes in to heP sisters; Misss Lou anf WinnieLouisville j Williams, and hec daughter-in-law,t t tt o, , . . ! -AIrs- Salli2 Stuart, and grandson, Johnler Mrs J H. Shropshire, who is stuart her entire estate left t h ;son, Mr. George Stuart. The latterqualifiedas administrator of the estate, giving bond in the sum of $1,000with Mr. Duncan Bell as surety.prof. A. H. Morehead, of Paris, has jbeen engaged by the music-lovers ofWinchester to perfect rplans" and assume charge of the organization of aChoral Society in that city. The object of the society will be to stimulatean interest in rmi3ic, to aid concertv.ork and improve the musical education of its members.The Society at present- has a mem-1bership of forty, including both menand women ot marked talent. Thefirst meeting will be held at theHickman School building in Winchester on Monday evening at eighto'clock.CAR INSPECTOR LOSESFOOT 'IN ACCIDENT.While standing between two cars inthe south yards of the L. & N. in thiscity, Wednesday morning, Mr. DavidKnox, of South High street, had hisleft foot badlycrushed by a car backing on it. Mr. Knox had just assumed the duties of car inspector, and wasstanding on the track inspecting a carwhen a switch engine backed intoone ot the cars, which caught Mr.Knox, crushing his left foot. He washurried to the Massie Memorial Hospital, where the injured member wasamputated by Drs. C. G. Daughertyand A. H. Keller, Wednesday morning.Mr.Knox was reported last night asretting along very nicely.mother,at Dr. Vale's Hospital, in Cincinnati,for treatment.Mrs. J. F. Floyd, of New Albany,Ind., and Mrs. Robert Elliott, of Lexington, are guests of their brother,Mr. C. J. Lancaster.Mr. N. Kriener is in Cincinnati,where he is under the care of Dr. Satler, the noted oculist, for a slightaffection of the eyes.Officer J. C. Elgin, who has beenseriously ill for several weeks, wasslightly improved ast night, with favorable chances for further improvement. Mrs. Overniier, of Indiana, is aguest of her daughters, Mrs. H. M.Hamilton and Miss Gladys Overmier,on Mt. Airy Avenue.Mr. Warren A. Bacon, of Piarieville, Ark., was a guest Tuesday ofhis brother and sister, Mr. J. W. Bacon, and Miss Clara Bacon, of thiscityMiss Lorine O'Neill, who has beana guest of her grandparents, Mr. andMrs. Victor Martin, in this city, re-,turned to her home in Carlisle Tuesday., Miss Chlora Ross, who has been a j 4.guest of relatives in this city and jcounty for the past two weeks, willireturn to her home in Covington to- .day. ' IMrs. Ben Bishop, who has been 1visiting Mrs. James J. Curtis, on JTenth street has returned to her home 1 4.in Dayton, Ohio, accompanied by Miss . 4Helen Curtis, who will make ner aisit. ;Misses Anna and Julia Halpin, iNettie and Clara Berger and HelenMushaben. of Cincinnati, who have I iT ..AJ-.. A 4-lt-k Tierrr TKTa nil iioor 1 VCenterville, have returned to theirhomes.NOTICE TO STOCK OWNERS.All persons driving live stockthrough the streets of Paris are required to furnish sufficient men withthe herds to keep said stock fromrunning through and damaging theyards along the streets.Considerable complaint is made byresidents of Paris about stock beingallowed to run through- their lawns,damaging hedges, flowers, etc.J. T. HINTON,(oct2-if) Mayor.&UNION CENTRALLIFE! INSURANCE CO.Strongest Company.Lowest Net Rate.S"S"i"S"ii &MJ!f&,ttyb45"AI'5! Miss Kete Alexander Ii4AGENTIf 1'GARLANDSTOVESANDRANGES- Quality Unexcelled.Prices Lower Than Most.Satisfaction Guaranteed.Paris 6a$ electric Co;(Incorporated)We now own 'all the patents an d copyrights of the late Dr.Chas. J. Clarke. Dr. TJpington will continue to put up these re-'liable remedies under the original Clarke formula, and we willhave them in stock at all times.Among the best known are Clarke's Nerve Ease, Clarke's Tonic, Clarke's Face Powder, Parisine Cream, Clarke's Tooth Wash,and Clarke's Cough Medicine.Also the following Poultry and Live Stock Remedies: Clarke'sLimberneck and Roup Remedy, Clarke's Liquid Poultry Tonic,Clarke's Gape Remedy, Condition Powder for Stock, and Clarke'sHog Remedy.. We want to supply these preparations to their many old friendsand know they' are deserving of new 'friends. We recommendespecially Clarke's Nerve Ease for headache, and neuralgia, andClarke's Limberneck and Roup Remedy for Poultry disorders., These preparations " have all been thoroughly tested and haveproven their merit.Your prescriptions accurately filled.The Ardery Drug Co.Clarke's Old Stand.' ! I ! ! I 1"I ! ! I 'I" 5' 'I1 'I' 'I ! ! I '! ! I 'I' ! ! ! I ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 'I' ! ! ' t 't ;;f Thomas, Woodford !& Bryany4t- ivu-FIRE, WIND AND LIGHTNINGINSURANCEON TOBACCO AND BARNS..PROMPT SETTLEMENTS.fr4'VTf44"T''T"T'T"T"T"T"T"74II" l"I.ii.t.JII ALSO SOLICITFire, WindInsurance ICOAL AND COKE.Phone your orders for highest"rades of coal and coke to us. Promptattention to all orders. Give us a trial."We have good kmding also.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.cct lC-2t)A UNIQUE ENTERTAINMENT.and will greatly appreciate!f' your consideration.MISS KATE ALEXANDERAu entertainment somewhat out oftne ordinary was that given at theregular meeting of the Girls' Missionary Society of the JVIethofiist Church,vliich was held Tuesday afternoon.The event partook of the nature of anentertainment for the members of tueWomen's Missionary Society, who utprevious meetings,, have graciouslyacted as hostesses to thejgirls.A charming little .missionary play,"The Call to America," was renderedby the girls in costume. Miss Elizabeth Mann represented "ChristianAmerica," ready to give the gospel toheathen countries at their request.Miss Helen Yun, a native of Korea,tUio is attending the M. P. C. at Millersburg, represented her native country. The president of the society,Miss Frances Hancock, presided overthe meeting, and gave extracts fromthe life of William Carey. The girls&ang "America," and Miss ElizabethMann rendered a solo. A very striking scene was depicted in "America"ind "Libertv" receiving representa-Mrs. Mordecai F. Ham and MissHenrietta Thompson, who have beenguests of the Ham-Ramsey party atthe Butler home on Vine street, returned Wednesday "to their home inAnchorage, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. Price Kenney, ot , v J , A m. 1 JCleveand, O., are guests of thir 1 1 anCl AUJOlIlODliegrandparents, Mr. and Mrs. wm. iylc-Creary Kenney. Mr. and Mrs. PnceKenney recently celebrated the six-U.! teenth anniversary of their wedding, iMr. and Mrs. Arthur Henry, en-1 ?tertained the following guests Sundaywith a dining: Mr and Mrs. EdgarCason, Mrs." Mary Dance, Roy Juett,Thomas Caldwell. James OJer, ofjEerry; Mr. and Mrs. Frank Muntz,Misses Clara andJSTiua Florence andJamessHill, of Cynthiana; Mr. ,and"Mrs. G. H. Laughlin, ot Lexington,Mrs. Sarah Osborne, of Paris;" SamRobinson, Ora Spegal and others. Allenjoyed a very pleasant day.Mrs. J. O. Marshall was the hostess Tuesday afternoon to the YoungLadies' Mission Circle of the Christian Church, which met at her home'on Second street. The session waspresided over by Mrs. Thos. Allen,the president. Interesting paperswere read on "The GreatCities," and Village Life," as a partf the yearly topic of "China," by MissClara Belle O'Neill and Mrs. TaylorChandler, respectively. The programwas followed by a social hour's diversions during which hot chocolate andsandwiches were served.SHOW IN HAPPENED."Sam Stairs says few men get drunkby regular drinking. It is the irregular drinking between regular drinksthat gets their legs to wabbling."Cynthiana Democrat.A well-known newspaper man ofParis, who joined "the silent majority" manv years ago. and whose con-Ivivial habtswere well-konwn, used tonves of the various countries appeal-1 when the spirit moved him"is lur eimgiiLeniueuu iw .uv uu wnQ rjijis ana runs .away,Mches were served by the girls alter M lf t drink some otherday;The conclusion of the program.But he who drinks between his drinksRight quickly Into the, gutter sinks."$5.00 F)R $1.00.ATTENTION, ODDPELLOWS.-.- .-- For a few days only, we sell a $5.00rriaav nisnc win o'.r, ripaor nnmniPfe withI. O. O. F. night at fcheU0c package of Wades for $00. ThisTabernacle. All mem- hs not the cheap demonstrator, but abers rCQUCStcd - t0.j $5.00 out'fit. -Comeearly, as we .have- -? i.t I Fa.MT s jkdw.-3: iuiivi . inn. - r '-nYlonK- c,- liti lr mfJTttLoaly a fe.To Help KouREMEMBER! IOur memorandum books, Jor rather, one of them,would serve to Temind 2you of whatever you arelikely to forget. When Jyou spend a dollar, set itdowe. When you lend adollar, set it down. What- fever you do to use ,upmoney, set it down. People who set things downare winners.Our Vest Pocket Memorandum Books are easyto carry 5c to 35c. Wehave the bigger books,indexed and plain allsorts, sizes and -prices.Take a look at our window. Peoples, PharmacyPARIS, KY.Doyle Buildjng8th and Main."Watch Our Window's."wmWL.U )'Hi'i W?j((- ft -I?MisfiouhtloPttienomeidsi loryeam.ThereforeThat which you buy should be worth buying. We useevery endeavor to keep a stock of theVery Best .Furniture, Rugs."Wall PapersNand will be much pleased to have YOU come and in- fVCUgCllC YV C llCtllUlC IlUllllll 5CCU11U liaiAU.. ,7THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky-Phones 36x Underjiaking-Ambulance-Wood MantelsIVIcDocial Kitchen Cabinets. , t Foster Bros. Safety CHImuWA1?j: -.U::ip .i'pipp ;IIiPPM 9- iip .PvJ-r-'"--.. .. mmrMw .mBj ,VJLTIDEN'& SON,: jrlr!at 7yckK - r W)Ritf.it Miimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm', iT i-ucsufWi.V f. r-JW if jif r,S',4K.g",iYlr;t -f-Ai-wtA - . swt, i-W.jIMPERFECT IN ORIGINALxf.A." - . ,. THE 10WSS57fir?r-sL'ir v icir .., - - , - . OLim t? - -lVV .ua "P'-'Li 'JL-liUJUiUiJ t !J ii . iLliniimnmi i n i mmmmmmmtmmmmCMM CLH.fMISSED! The 2:301What else has he missed?AN OPPORTUNITY!Perhaps he didn't know the train time, his watch was wrong.If he had had a phone he could have learned the train schedule; hecould have learned the correct time.4. And in nine cases out of ten he could have telephoned and savedhours of time and not missed that opportunity.C The telephone in your house brings order into your life.Find out about our service todayCbe Paris Rome telephone ana Cekgrapb CoJHSHH!rsuK-''T?y3Hi; IKESIT BEAUTIFULIt Become Thick, Wavy, Lustroust And All DandruffDisappears.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.Bell TelephoneBulletins6 THE WORK OF THE OPERATORSurely try a "Danderine HairCleans" if you wish to immediatelydouble the beauty of your hair. Justmoisten a cloth with Danderine anddraw it carefully" through your hair,taking one small strand at a time;this will cleanse the hair of dirt, dustor any excessive oil in a few minutesyou will be amazed. Your hair willbe wavy, fluffy and abundant andpossess an incomparable softness, lustre and luxuriance.Besides beautifying the hair, one application of Dandruff dissolves everyparticle of dandruff; invigorates the?calp, stopping .itching and fallinghair. ?" 4lfllVIIDanderine is to the hair what freshshowers of rain and sunshine are tovegetation. It goes right to the roots,invigorates and strengthens them. Itsexhilarating, stimulating and life-producingproperties cause the hair togrow long, strong and beautiful.You can surely have pretty, soft,lustrous hair, and lots of it, if you willjust get a 25 cent bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine fro many drug store ortoilet counter and try it as directed.t , J .. . .JT&rLJEaq&Jtt -iPpN.40 J&$$iWre Found in Purled fco') uHdirgUncovered 'by FlWds on the "ClrnVrronRjver. JTopeka. The floods in the Cimarron River valley in southwest Kansasuncovered an old hbuse that the oldest settlers in that territory did notknow ever existed. On the floor ofthe old stone house was found a crockfull of eggs, which to all appearanceswere perfectly preserved after beingunder ground more than 40 years.The story of. the unearthing of thisold stone house, indicating a- settlement In, southwest Kansas years before any one of 'the present old-timersknew of it, was retiotted by W. CMillar," a ranchman of Kiowa county,who recently made a trip into Mortoncounty .itThe Cimarron river this spring, in asudden freshet, washed, away the ranchbuilding at the old Beatty ranch, atPoint Rocks, irirJVputhern Mortoncounty. The - adjoining wasV f -M-tjr I, ,If r- . j-X.mMmmL mtioiiBy Using Mayr Stomach Remedy.,j - ? -J-SM, eXXvVjU ; . t 'Mr. Burnett Says Wonderful Treatment Saved His Life WithN Few Doses.The telephone operator is trained to give quick and accurate service. That is what the public paystfor and expects ; it is what we arein business to furnish. It is impossible, we realize, to attain perfection. "We do employ every reasonable means known to the art of,ldepliony to approximate perfection. There are inevitable "rush" in emergencies which evenkuch careful provision and super.ision will not care for in a perfect manner. But such emergencies are, and should be, of rare occurrence. "We do give efficientervice and if you will hold a stopiwatch in your hand you will findthat the space of time which seemslike minutes to you is only a veryfew seconds.During certain hours of the daythe load on the switchboard, thatis the number of calls, is abnormally large. These rush periodsare known as "busy hours" andwe take the precaution, in advance, to prepare for these rushesof business. There is nevr atime, except when some unusualand unexpected event happens,that an operator ever has morethan she can do. "ISWhen you turn the crank a"drop" falls in front of the operator. This is the signal that a rmbscriber wishes her attention. Iftwo or three "drops" fall sinmltaneously she answers them as rapidly as she can reach them. Ifthere are an unusual number ofcalls before a particular operatorthe operator on each side hantf'essome of them.. So there is no possibility of any calls being m-g-leetedor overlooked.The old-fashioned woman who usedto tell a White Lie now hasi daughterwho can lie in all the FashionableShades.HOPELESS LUNGTROUBLE CURED.Many recoveries from LungTroubles are due to Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey.It strengthens theLungs, checks the Cough and givesrelief at once. Mr. W. S. Wilkins,Gates, N. C, writes: "I used Dr.Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey in a casegiven up as hopeless and it effecteda complete cure." Get a bottle oiDr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey and ifyour cough is dry and hacking let ittrickle down the throat, you willsurely get relief. Only 25c at yourDruggist.(oct-adv)also washed '.oujfc .current makirig .excavating" nthebod, the river;ut there, andjflan otd stone:tV ) v diV ttj? ' ,ja, werelutensilsTheSealed un-3hale. Theyas ever.ranch in Bel-county. HeHorace Burnett, of Somerset, Ky.,was a sufferer from stomach disordersfor a long time. His 'condition became highly serious and he feared anoperation.He took Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy and got swift results.In a letter telling his experience hewrote:"Your treatment has certainly helped me wonderfully. I took my fifthdose last night and it brought good results. I have one more dose to takeand I think I will be well. Your tonicis wonderful. I can eat anything nowthat I want to. I can never getthrough thanking you for your medicine, for I know it saved my life, forI have tried all thedoctors and theyI said I would have to be operated on."aSuch letters come from, all parts ofthe country. This remedy is knowneverywhere for its remarkagle results. Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedyclears the digestive tract of mucoidaccertions and poisonous matter. Itbrings swift relief to sufferers fromailments of the stomach, liver andbowels. Many declare it has savedtheir lives.Because of the remarkable successof this remedy there are many imitators, so be cautious. Be sure it'?MAYR'S. Go to G. S. Varden & Son,,drug store and ask about the wonderful results it has accomplished incases they know about or send toGeo. H. Mayr, tMfg. Chemist, 164156 Whiting St., Chicago, 111., for freobook on stomach ailments and manygrateful letters from people who havebeen restored. Any druggist can tellyou its wonderful results.;icrr,L7ii V?W'jmmw uncQXKflBknue&Mclb -2jmLlHKXflHrdHiuHJM)PWr Ihouse.In the housfound a goodand a crockeggs had beender many feetseemed to be just a:Mr. Millar owns avidere, in southern K:formerly owned a place in northernBarber county, between Sun City andLake City, and it was on his land thatthe famous Indian council of 1867 washeld at which the treaty with the Indians was made by General Miles.Mr. Millar has photographs takenat the council, which was attended bymany prominent newspaper correspondents of those days. One of thelatter was Hjenry M. Stanleyj later famous as the explorer who discoveredDavid Livingstone."The photographs showed the correspondents all wore tall silk tile hats,"said Mr. Millar. "That proved that thesilk hat came into that country beforethe cowboy. The cowboy used to re-fsent the silk tiles, but I can prove thetiles were there first. The cowboysdidn't come in until later on."i cSAW BIG WARSHIP LAUNCHEDJ.S-I Mrs. Key Pittman, Wife of SenatorFrom Nevada, Attended Launching of Battleship Nevada.The world is growing better. Thevaudeville announcements do not include the name ot a female who isStarring on the strength of the factthat she shot' her "husband BecauseShe Lovel Him So.APPLY SLOAN'S FREELYFOR THE LUMBAGOCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYINCORPORATEDt. & N TIME-TABLEEffective 5 a.m. October 4, 1914.1TRAINS ARRIVEFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5.30 a mLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.23a mOynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday v. 7.35 a inMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday t 7.38 a mRewland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 7.36 a raLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.40 a mCincinnati, O., Daily .- 9.40 a mMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.00 a mLexington, Ky., Daily , 10.10 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.15 a wLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday v- 12.00 mCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 p raMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,...... .". 5.15 p mLexington, Ky., Daily rT7. 3.26 p mKnoxvule, Tenn, Daily o.zs p mMaysville, Ky.,Daily ...-. 5.35 p mCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.55 p mLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6 30 p roJacksonville, Fla., Daily 6.30 p mCincinnati, O.. Daily 10.40 p mTRAINS DEPARTTOCincinnati, O., Daily 5.35 a mMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.30 a mLexington, Ky.f Daily Except Sunday 7.47 a mCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7.45 a mMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.45 a mLexington, Ky ., Daily Except Sunday .' 9Ai a mKnoxville, Tenn , Daily -. 9.46 a ra33 -Jacksonville, Fla.f Daily 10 20 a m38 Lexington, Ky , Daily .. 10.18 a m45 Maysville, Ky., Daily 12.05 p maft Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 p nU Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:30 pmS6- Cincinnati, O., Daily -.., 3.35 pm- 9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ....'. 6.UJ p md , Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.00 p m32. Cincinnati, O, Daily 6 35pm" 8 Maysville, Ky , Daily Except Sunday 6.18 p mSt Cyathiana, Ky., Daily Exspt Sunday 6.45 p n,11 Atlanta, Ga., Daily . 10.48 pmill Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.47 p mF. & G. TIME-TABLETRAINS ARRIVEM! FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.40 a dp4 .Frankfort, Ky., " " " 5.50 pmTRAINS- .TOFraikfort, Ky? Daily ExceptSundayJt.Mcl-frt, Ky. "Your attacks of Lumbago are notnearly so hopeless as they seem.You can relieve them almost instantly by a simple application qSloan's Liniment on the back and'loins. Lumbago is a form ot rheumatism, and yields' perfectly toSloan's, which penetrates quickly allin through the sore, tender muscles,limbers up the back and makes itfeel fine. Get a bottle of Sloan'sLiniment for 25 cents of any druggist and Jiave it in the houseagainst colds, sore and swollenjoints, rhenmatism, neuralgia, stiatica and like ailments. Your moneyback if not satisfied, but it doesgive almost instant relief.(oct-adv)This is a mean old world. The prettier a girl is the oftener she has beenkissed before you get a chance.FOR RENT.No.13434297104P371233IX259138385.39832 '131No34441,1Q29378.25 a m.'6.25 pmTwo office rooms over DepositBank, lately occupied by Dr. Clara B.Mathews. Apply to undersigned.(29-tf) DEPOSiT BANK.PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY."Washington. Mrs. Key Pittman, thecharming and delightful wife of thesenator from Nevada, with the senatorrecently returned to Washington fromBoston, where they 'were guests ofthe secretary of the navy and Mrs.It always makes a man mad whenhis wife acts as if heh ad no right toTe.Some married couples always remind you of a horse hitched up to amule.Anyway, the old-fashioned man whowouldn't think of taking a bath until!Saturday night arrived had it all oversome of the molern mutts who have anidea that Saturday night comes abouttwice a year.Il-A-Siul'-HESipz- niikinTTBlack.WhiteTan10cIn our new"Eay-Opeiiing-Box."No trouble. No muss.The F. F. Daixey Co Ltd.Buffalo, N. Y. Hamilton, Ont.aurJall JLnines-ARE NOW' ciCompleter.LVe. Court House. Lve. Station 547:10 a m 7.15 a m7.45 a m - ' 8.00 a m8.15 a m 8.30 a m8.45 a m .9.00 a m9.15 a m 9.30 a m9.45 a m 10.00 a m10.15 a m 10.30 a m10.45 a m 11.00 a m11.15 am v 11.30 a m11.45 a m 11.50 a m12:05 p m 12.15 p m12.45 p m . 1.00 p m1.15 p m - 1.30 p m1.45 p m ' 2.00 p m2.15 p m ' 2.30 p m2.45 p m ; 3.00 p m3.15 p m 3.30 p m3.45 p m 4.00 p m4.15 p m 5.00 p m5.15 p m 5.30 p m5.40 p m 5.50 p m6.05 p m 6.15 p m6.30 p m 6.40 p mCity Limits Only.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.InterurbanLeave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m- 8:50 am10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p in2:50 q. mp mp m- .p mP m .p mp m11:0 p m,Dail except Sunday3:304:205:006:007:209:10Schedule.Leave Paritfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m. 8:15 p m10:05 p-mKIRSCHBAUM GUARANTEEDCLOTHES,$15.00 and $20.00 ;Other Values $10 00 and $12.50.Shoes $2.50 to. $5.00. Full Line ofBoys' Clothing. Give .Us a Call.TBroszClothing and Shoe Department.L. WOLLSTEIIN, Prop.Mrs. Key Pittman.Daniels at the launching of the newbattleship Nevada. They journeyedthere and returned on board the government dispatch boat, the Dolphin. ,Urges Farmers Sell Army Worms.'St. Louis, Mo. Harry S. Rein, chairman and assistant secretary of the St.Louis stock exchange, says that farmers in the zone affected by armyworms could reduce their losses greatly by turning the field pest-to profit.Rein, who is an expert angler, saysthere is no better bait than the worm.It will tempt trout, crappie, bass andwall-eyed pike when these wary fishesturn up their noses at other varietiesof real or artificial bait, he says. "Mysuggestion is," said Mr. Rein recently,"that farmers catch great numbers ofarmy worms, pack them in 'cottonsprinkled with oatmeal and ship themto points where bait is rare and fishing .good."Fire Destroys Old Farm Buildings.New Castle, Del. Fire on the historic Oglethorpe farm destroyed thebarn, with 40 tons of hay, the wagonsheds and burnt the immense strawricks. The property is tenanted byWilliam Bennett Ratledge, who hasfarmed the place for many years. Theorigin of the fire is unknown, and happened in the middle of the day. Between the fire, companies the housewas saved, although but 20 feet fromthe barn. The barn was built morethan1 a century ago, but was in excellent 'shape. -v s 'jtII 3r ATSIf nsti 1 111 H jtZs iWjysiir JyiW .IS& J ft 1 mfr Kffl&sm! A2 V mm tf f S0QmtlJm0 1 J vwHslMHiuKR$ it1'o V w 9o 'ZmRq.'l'lD a ivAO 9KINDLY CALLFallAnnounce-mentAll-the LatestFall Styles inDress Goods,Dry Goods,millinery, tcWe Can Please You-Bargain Prices.ATlwli.ailitSfe.Seventh and Main Sts,, pfe, Ky. . . v w LHn.MK : mHBH . " ' .m-wz mn, ybA,?. ' - "V . V - X, -..'. JT T -TT .'"""" mmmmm WWfl Ilk3ft WWW ' ..XT' .yrESI'.'u,40rj? .JL:vCvfM-ty f 1 ft-xS3?r . wj?- ;U-v s. V 'k - -T" WA:ivCSur rirklTBiteAiJ'Witf'iii'teWiV . nyr4Mb mt? '"41 "" -Kj" ' fcS.rK,j T.-"?f?: :j.-i " v-i;H-J-i- 3vBQppBBW-"; tJTv 'J":ny- -N .S.:t999A999m9999ms89999m9999999999999999999999991mIt Is Time For You to ThinkAbout ".HEATINGSTOVESWe Save- Every Kind of Beating and'CookingStove Hade! -5lr ulilN uHhAlibOUT AND ITCHES5, THE RADIANT HOME best heater in1 the'world. .THE CELEBRATED 1 WILSON J GASHEATER.THE O. K. LINE Of COOKING STOVES. QTheyjhavejio'equal.in. fact everything from the smallest tothejlargest.j See our line and get ourPrices.Lowry & Talbott.i:Use It Like Cold Cream- and DryEczema ErptionsRight Up.WALTER MARTINERNEST MARTINNEW LIVERY STABLE!New Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention Given toWeddings, .Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.1The moment you apply bold-sulphurto an itching or broken out skin, theitching stops and healing begins, saysa renowned dermatologist.This remarkable sulphur made intoa thick cream effeects such prompt relief, even in aggravated Eczema, thatit is a never-ending source of amazement to, physicians.For many years bold-sulphur has occuiped a secure position in the treatment of cutaneous eruptions by reasonof its cooling, parasite-destroying properties and nothing has ever been foundto take its place in relieving irritableand inflamatory affections ot the skin.While not always esfablishing a permanentcure, yet, in every instance, itimmediately subdues the itching irritation and heals the Eczema right upand it is often years later before anyeruption again manifests itself.Any good pharmacist will supply 'anounce of bold-sulphur, which shouldbe applied to the affected parts likethe ordinary cold creams. It isn't unpleasant and the prompt delief afforded is very welcome, particularly whenthe Ecema is accompanied with tortorturous itching.I' - -say 3Mn-i3ritfn-i ly ; i." (jaiinsauH.nBuuiouio)With the exception or a lot of inkand adjectives there isn't much in alove letter.State of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas County ssFrank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm ofF. ,J. Cheney & Co., doing businessin the City of Toledo, County andState aforesaid", and that said firmwill pay the sum of ONE HUNDREDDOLLARS for each and every caseof Catarrh that cannot be cured bvthe use of HALL'S CATARRHCURE.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribed in my-presence, this 6th day ofDecember, A. D. 1886.(Seal) A. W. GLEASON,Notary Public.Hall's Catarrah Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon theblood and mucous surfaces of thesystem. Send for testimorials; free,system. Send for testimonials, free.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.(oct-adv)-,-YOUR FALLCOLDNEEDSATTENTIpN.Horses Boarded By Day, Week or Month!.Mauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Transfer Busi-Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter. Martin and the Main Streetplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS.Stables EigthSt., MainSt.i"Both PhonesiNo use to fuss and try to wear itout. It will wear you out instead.Take Dr. King's New Discovery, relief follows quickly. It checks yourCold and Soothes your Cough away.Pleasant, Antiseptic and Healing."Children like it. Get a 50c bottlekeep it in the house. "Our familyCough and Cold Doctor" writesLewis Chamberlain, Manchester, O.Money back if not satisfied, but itnearly always' helps.(oct-adv)Mother announces to-day that she isglad school has begun because she canget rid of the children during theday and will get a little Peace. And'in about a week she will announcethat she wishes school was closed andshe didn't have to get up early andwash and dress the children.fffi 9i ' A -McAMt- J3VV1 j ' ,2IK' vrTt 3c.;vijCrm&n'&JLYWHY NOT PUBLISH IT?When you want a fact to becomegenerally known, the right way is topublish it. Mrs. Joseph Kalians,Peru, Ind., was troubled with belching, sour stomach and frequent headaches. She writes: "I feel it myduty to tell others what Chamberlain's' Tablets have done for me.They have 'helped my digestion andregulated my bowels. Since usingthem I have been entirely well."For sale by all dealers.(oct-adv)9999999999999999999999999999A Heart To Heart TalkAbout Values!8ByValues we do not mean to sellinferior shoes at lower prices, but tosell only the veryHighestGradeToolwearat aModerate Price.The Shoes wesell are made well,wear . well lookwell and are most comfortable. ReaShoe Satisfaction in every pair.Fcld's Shoe Store.A fat woman will pin a piece of ribbon around her torso and feel happybecause she has a waist line.About this time of year the JuneBride begins to wonder what she wassmoking when she imagined that herhusband was Different From OtherMen.-WHAT WOULD YOU DO?There are many times when oneman questions another's actions andmotives. Men act differently underdifferent circumstances. The question is, what would you do right nowyou do better than take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy? It is highlyrecommended by people who haveused it fop years and know its value. Mrs. O. E. Sargent, Peru, Ind.,says, "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is worth its weight in gold andI take pleasure in recommending it."For sale by all dealers.(oct-adv)OUR attention is retpectfully called toan important pointnot generally known,that a laxative should havea tonic element to successfully meet constipation.Mr. John B. Capers, of 610 Pecan.St.', Fort Worth, Texas, had a significant" experience In this particular.He was afflicted with a severe case ofconstipation and bowel trouble. Hespent a good deal of money In tryingto find a remedy. To his astonishment, Peruna very quickly relievedhim of his bad lsymptomsThis happenedanumber of yearsago. Since " thenMr. Capers statesthat he has hadsimilar attacks oftrouble, the prominent symptom rofwhich Is constipation, and has al"ways foundprompt and efficient relief fromPeruna. Ho says:"Up to the time Istarted using yourPeruna I could'drink castor oillike water. It didno good. As forsalts, they were of no use. Physics ofall kinds and classes were used, butwe had to call on the fountain syringefor help." 9 Peruna was able to correct this condition completely in Mr.Capers' case, and there is every reason to believe that it was the tonicqualities of Peruna, added to the laxative qualities; that procured hs very,desirable result.,0ps-Is it possible there is a woman in this country who coq-Ktinues to suffer without giving Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege4 -tableCompound a trial after all the evidence that is cpn-J stinually being published, which proves beyond cojitradk:--tion that this grand old medicine has relieved more suffer ,ing among women than any other one medicine in the world? . TWe have published in the newspapers of the United States tmore genuine testimonial letters than have ever been pub- ' L"ania in liic micicsL ui any oiner meaicine ior women yand every year we publish many new testimonials, all gea-J;uine and true. Here are three never before published : sFrom Mrs. S. T Richmond, Providence, R. I. - ,Providence, R. I. " For the benefit of women who suffer as I ha.nrdone I wish to state what Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable CompoundL' Thas done for me. I did some heavy lifting and the doctor said ifc-1caused a displacement. I have always been weak and I overworked: ' "after my baby was born and inflammation set in, then nervous prostration, from which I did not recover until I had taken Lydia E. Fink--hams Vegetable Compound. The Compound is my best friend anwhen I hear of a woman with troubles like mine I try to induce her,"to take your medicine' Mrs. S. T. Richmond, 199 Waldo Street.Providence, R. I. sA Minister's Wife Writes:Cloqitet, Minn. "I have suffered very much with irregularities ""pain and inflammation, but your wonderful medicine, Lydia E. Pinkham s Vegetable Compound, has made me well and I can recommend.the same to all that are troubled with these complaints." Mrs. Jur-'vnie Akerman, co Rev. K. Akerman, Cloquet, Minnesota.From Mrs. J. D. Murdoch, Quincy, Mass.South Quincy, Mass. - The doctor said that I had 'organic troubloand he doctored me for a long time and I did not get any relief. Isaw juyuia jc. miKDam's vegetable Compound advertised and I tried it and found relief before I hadfinished the first bottle. I continued taking it allthrough middle life and am now a strong, healthywoman and earn my own living." Mrs. Jan D.Murdoch, 25 Gordon St., South Quincy, Mass.toEtoWrite to LYDIA E. PISKHAM MEDICINE CO.WW (CONFIDENTIAL) LYNN, MASS., for advice.Your letter will be opened, read and answered'by a woman and held in strict confidence.EABTBiKjiXK?When a lodge announces that Important Business is to he transacted ata meeting a few stragglers .show up.But if the announcement is made that1f J1 f iappea inere lsnt ajways use good judgment as to who toLove is Wind, they say. But thatisn't the reason why a woman neversees that the buttons are off her husband's clothes.Some men get by because they al-call a liar.MBIG BARGAINSIN HIGH GRADECurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS .- 3Expert BarbersPolite Attentionftot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the PuWfc; PairofeSL ;, -NewBarMopCorner Fourth and MainModern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJ. S. Wallingfurd, M. D.office' on Sixth Street,'Between 'Mainland High,f , , y paris; kx)Headacheis one of the common symptoms of womanly trouble, andthe cause has to be removedbefore you can rid yourself of itentirely. A medicine that merely kills pain, does not go to theseat of the trouble, and kill thecause. What you need is awoman's medicine one whichacts directly, yet gently, on -thewomanly organs.TAKECarduiThe Woman's TonicAfter having used Cardui,Miss Lillie Gibson, of Chriseman, Texas, writes: i"Aboutthree years ago, I was justentering womanhood, and wassick in bed for nearly ninemonths. Sometimes I wouldhave such headaches, and other aches, I could hardly standit. I tried Cafdui, and now Iam cured of all my troubles. I.shall praise Cardui as long as Ilive.". Cardui is the medicinevotfjieed. Tryit . E3. - JLibtjo-g-ieisiw.7fggwv-MFor Sixtu Day We Will OfferUAi10 OFFFtvXOn Our Fine ZtiQe. OfColumbus, Babcock and?T-.v.7-Iost Bros.BTiaGIES!TiyiL, - &sPhon 31s"'txI:cJ.4IPRICHARD & BALLFourth and Pleasant. .l:l,i $'.VsfV5 .-l If4Vk-A ?Hlf 311Mb:fl5.. i. 3 ?JL(ri It. tHSEft.st.1"-"4b.V,s ii.l r-.'r.ci- 4M - -TljEj3fURB0N .Ngwsi JfARg, KY. OCTQBER, 19f- ,3022-sfcxx5'i- i 2NEWS OF MILLEBSBURG. 3Irs. A. S. Venable was the guest4 of Mrs. Shive at Paris, Wednesday and. -Thursday.Born Some days ago, to Mr. andjMis. Edgar Hurst, a handsome sonsecond born.A few from Millersburg went toParis and Lexington.yesterday to hearWilliam Jennings Bryan's speeches.Rev. A. S. Venable and Mr. W. P.Shanklin left Wednesday to attend, the Synod of the Southern Presbyterian Church.Mrs. Emma Long returned Monday after an extended visit to her son,- t JJLt. Bryan Long, and famil, at Indinanolis, Ind.yRev. and Mrs. J. D. Redd wereh guests of their son, Mr. Harmon Redd,-at Pikeville, from Thursday until Saturday. Mr3v Q. H. Collier entertainedwith a dining Thursday in honor ofI her cousin, Mrs. J. C. Gillispie, of"West Virginia.Mrs. M. V. Light left Wednesdayfcr her home at Sherman, Texas, affier a two-weeks' visit to her brother,-Key. A. S. Venable.Lost Between the M. F. C. andthe Baldwin Livery Stable, a gold pin.Finder will please return to MissJlary Jones and receive $5 reward.The Sick Mr. J. J. Peed is not sowell. Messrs. W. R. Barnes and C."N. Johnson continue very much the'Same. Mr. Jesse Wilson is improvingnicely.Mrs. E. J. Glasson, of Washington,, D. C, Mrs. E. J. Mulligan and Mrs. J.S. Mulligan, of Wilmore, have returned to their respective homes after aweek's visit to their sister, Mrs. J. D.Itedd.The Presbyterian Missionary ConXeience of the Ebenezer Presbytery ofthe Southern Presbyterian Church willconvene at the Millersburg Presbyterian Church, Wednesday, Thursdayand Friday, of next week. There willbe about 40 delegates.Millersburg is to enjoy a raremusical treaat to-night at the M. F. C."under the auspices of the Y. W. C. A.in the college. Miss Tlubel, violinist,land Miss Ollie Robertson, pianist, willappear. These ladies are artists andhave had large experience in Lyceumwork. They are both graduates ofthe Cincinnati Conservatory of Music,"Miss Rubel having also studied abroad.and has been in Lyceum work for thepast six weeks. She is a Kentuckianlay birth, of whom the State is justlyproud. Miss Robertson is a most excellent pianist, and has also been en. gaged in Lyceum work for severalyears. She is well known in Millersburg, being the daughter of Mr. Soloman Robertson, of Carlisle. Do notfail to hear them or you will miss arare treat. Time, 8 p. m. Admission25 cents.The Best Quality of Men's, Women's and Children's Shoes at theLowest Prices.JustLadies' Brocaded Tops, Louis Heel, newest creations, the best quality and workmanship, $5.00 values, at. $3.49Ladies' Cloth Top Patent Kid or GunMetal, French heel, custom made, bestquality, at '- 2 99Ladies' Mat or Cloth Top, Patent LeatherandVGun Metal, all styles, best grades,at - $2.69 and 2 49Ladies' Gun Metal and Patent Leather,good material, at 1 .99' Ladies' Gun Metal, button and Uace,at $1.24Nand 1.49A very .big assortment of Boys', Misses' and Children' Shoes at all prices.Rubbers of All Descriptions at Lowest Prices.3D.A.'- m m n -. l 4. n Ufris x"Where 33octxxty etn3.'Columbia Theatre To-day."Honor of the Humble" VictorTwo-Reel Drama An old father triesto kill to protect his daughter's honor,only to discover his suspicions are unfounded. A sensational fight on a cliffis one of the features of the drama."At 3 O'clock," a roaring comedywith Ford Sterling. One other reelwil be shown, making a splendid 4reel show for to-day.NEW PROCESS HEATER.Let the New Process Gas Heaterdo your heating. Sold by tA. F. WHEELER & CO.HORSEMEN TO TRY FORNEW FAIR CIRCUIT.Efforts will be made the comingwinter to organize a trotting and faircircuit in Central Kentucky, and ameeting of the various fair secretaries and others interested will probably be held in Lexington for that purpose some time in November or December. Years ago there was a circuit, composed of Frankfort, Versailles, Richmond, Danville, Winchester, Mt. Sterling, Paris, Maysville,Harrodsburg and Lexington, and muchinterest was exhibited. In late yearsthere have been only three trottingmeetings in this section Mt. Sterling,Berea and Falmouth. It is planned tohave the circuit start in July and racethrough that month, August and September. BECKHAM AND BRYAN.Governor Beckham has always beenthe friend of Wm. Jennings Bryan.He supported him in his three racesfor the Presidency, not only in theconventions that nominated him, butin hundreds of speeches in this andother States. Governor Beckham wasfor Mr. Bryan in the Baltimore convention, and the presence of the Secretary of State in Kentucky at thistime is a personal compliment to Gov.Beckham. Not even the Presidenthas a greater following in Kentuckythan Mr. Bryan. " He is the idol ofthousands of Democrats who admirehis courage and ability. The presenceof Mr. Bryan in Kentucky will bringthousands of votes to the entire Democratic ticket. He brings a messagefrom the President appealing for twoSenators from Kentucky and thatprayer will be answered in November.OLYMPIAN SPRINGS SOLD.Acting for a syndicate of businessmen, Judge Mathew Walton, of Lexington, Wednesday, purchased theOlympian Springs Hotel property, consisting of grounds, buildings and furniture, for $35,000. The sale was madeby John P. Haswell, Jr., trustee, under, an order of Federal Judge A. M.J. Cochran's court.The sale was made necessary because of financial difficulties intowhich the Springs management wereplunged early in the yar and whichpractically spoiled the season for thehotel. The new owners expect to advertise the property and to make itone of the most popular resorts inKentucky.NOWvmPVtv&WA!X" ai i jjm. wwwiwhflEHHttIt's no wonder we undersell all others. Energy and capital combined withour enormous outlet give us a purchasing power that makes competition impossible.A Few Of The Money-Saving Prices:fr3STGreatest Shoe StoreaAittyfifllft.,, -MSfchh,1iWr?-t-- jzm: .. ., &taaafckafc.tertfcr. . SJfatHjt-,.xL Jshsc jt..x kZd -.1 .UaZuSLSb... -s J..XmJtwa- I iJt - , . . 3 " X l "DEATHS. ; MATRIMONIAL. :.i -,' T7-PENCE..Cavanaugh Pence, aged 21 years,died at 1:30 o'clock Tuesday morningat the Massie' Memorial Hospital,-where he had been under treatmentfourteen days for typhoid fever. Mr.Pence was the son of Mr. and Mrs.David Pence, who reside on the Prescott pike, near North Middletown, andbesides his parents, he is survived bya wife and young child, also by onebrother. The body was removed tothe home of his parents Tuesday andthe funeral took place at the NorthMiddletown Chriatian Church, Wednesday morning at 10 o'clock. Theservices were conductedby the pastor,Rev. John Christopherson. The burialtook place in the North Middletowncemetery, the following friends acting as pall-bearers: ,H. B. Pence, N.H. Fletcher, Yancey Laughlin, ConnorFletcher, Mark Stewart and HenryLink.St. Peter's Episcopal Church, Rev.Geo. H. Harris, rector. Sunday School9:30 a. m. Services and sermon at10:45 a. m.Rev. A. S. Venable, pastor of theMillersburg Church, has been engagedby the officers of the Hopewell Presbyterian Church, at Hutchison, andwill preach there the second andfourth Sundays in each month at 2:30p. m., preaching at Clintonville at11:00 a. m.A WONDERFUL COW.From the Boston Post comes thislittle story anent an advertisementpurporting to be genuine:"For Sale Excellent cow ;gives three gallons of milk, alsogood piano and five tons of hay.Come quick! Address, "(name and address withheld.)" Mass Newspaper."We should call that quite somecow. We have personally known afew very prolific cows, but never hadthe honor of being acquainted with acow that could deliver the goods direct from producer to consumer withthe prolificness of the above bovine.We do not know what this cow mightbe bought for, but she would be cheapat almost any price. A cow that willyield three gallons of milk, a pianoand five tons of hay would pay forherself at- one milking, we shouldthink. If. she yields this same amountof milk, musical instruments and alfalfa daily she should be worth to herowner several thousand of dollarsper week."It must be a fierce job to milk her.The man who wants to sell her probably needs help in this respect,hence his S. O: S. call of distress.'Come Quick!'"Many a Princess who expects married life to be a long round of AttarRoses gets hitched and discovers thatit is a long round of Attar of Liverand Onions. iIS THERUGOUS04um.tvi'nir vm avj TiiaairyErTy'ggaajEKj'acatgraSR'iM'g'' vrxnv&,mvtei-v-And Dan Cohen's TheTo Buy YourMenVPlatinum Calf or Russ. Bal., English last, of the famous Walk-Over, highest quality, at $5.00 and $4.50Men's Russ. or Gun Metal, of the WalkOver and Beacon makes, all styles andlasts, at $4iOO and 3.50Men's Tan or Gun Metal, bench made,. all lasts, at 2.99Men's Gun Metal, button and lace, goodwearing shoes, at $ 1 .49 and 1 .99Men's Heavy and Medium Weight Shoes, allkinds, at the lowest prices.GO H 33 1ST " SEcpnomy Reign! , M MR KMS &'HIGGINS MbRELAND.Mr. Russell JMoreland and Mrs.Mary Higgins, both of Nicholas County, secured marriage license fromCounty Clerk Pearce Paton, Monday,and were married in Lexington, Tuesday morning.FARROW PEDDICORD.-HVlr. June Peddicord, of this city,and Miss Mary E. Farrow, of Lexington, were married at the home ofMrs. G. A. Rogers, at 523 MarylandAvenue, in Lexington, Tuesday, Eld.Mrxk (t1.1js performing the ceremonyThe bride is the attratctive daughterof Mr. J. R. Farrow, of Lexington, andthe bridegroom is a son of th elateSam Peddicord, his mother havingmarried Mr. John Arkle, of Paris, recently. The young couple have manyfriends here who unite in wishingthem much happiness. They" will maketheir home in Lexington.LEE DOUGLAS.Kentucky and Tennessee, closeneighbors though they have alwaysbeen, were, brdught into closer unionWednesday afternoon, through theunion of hearts and hands of a ffairdaughter of Kentucky and a prominentson of Tennessee soil.The event was the celebration ofthe wedding tof Miss Nancy ElizabethLee to Mr." Charles Thomas Douglas, which took place at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Whlaey, inChattanooga, Tenn., themselves former Kentuckians. ,The bride, ,who is a daughter "ofMrs. Stella Redmon Lee, formerly ofParis, is a granddaughter of Mr.Charles Redmon, of Bourbon county.She is a niece of Messrs. John andCassell Redmon and Mrs. Harry O.James, at whose home she has beena frequent visitor.ANNOUNCEMENT.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. S. Lloyd, of"Mt. Sterling, Friday, announced theengagement of their daughter, MissMary Crawford Lloyd, to Mr. A. TabbBassett, of Mt. Sterling. The weddingwill occur during the month of November. Miss Lloyd is well-known here. MrBassett is the son of Mr. Fred Bassett,of 'Mt. Sterling, who for some timewas a resident of Paris, while connected with the Power Grocery Co.He is manager of the Mt. SterlingDrug Co.iimm.(Copyright, by McCluro Syndicate.)!5PBacerowKUUfjUrJ TZWAl2a0&L MMWZwmmmmmmmmmEUROPEAN WAR IN BRIEF.Ostend is. now the .center" of interestin the contest being waged in thewestern theater of war. Reports indicate that there,, isnow virtually noobstacle in the way of tlie German advance on Ostend and other ports inthe northwest of Belgium..Scores, of wounded soldiers are being brought into Ostend from Ghent.It is reported that the allies and theGermans engaged in a serious battlenear Ghent Monday.The extreme right wing of themain German army has been forced tofall back before an assault by the allies, and reports indicate that the invaders will encounter strong opposition in attempting to extend theirright wing across to the NorthernFrench ports.Across the border Ypres has beenoccupied bythe alied forces. This indicates a decided gain for the allies.In the eastern theater the Russianson October 13 successfully pressedback the German forces on the leftbank of the Vistula on the road leading from Warsaw to Ivarigorod, according to an official communicationissued by the Russian General Staff.Fighting continues to the south ofPrezmysl, Galicia, says the statement.An official announcement, given outin Vienna, says that the Austriantroops advancing toward Przemyslhave repulsed the encircling Russiantroops in such a way that the enemynow is able to maintain his positiononly before the eastern front of thefortress. It is said that during thisfighting several military bridges overthe San broke down during the Russian retreat and many of the Russianswere drowned. Fighting continuedeast of Chyrow, Galicia.From Nish, Servia, comes the official statement that on Sunday nightthe Austrians made two attacks on theextreme right wing of the Servianfront, between Svornik, Bosnia, andLcsnitpa, Servia. The attacks wererepulsed with heavy losses to theAustrians, it is claimed.LONDON, Oct. 14. There wasevery inication to-day that Turkeyand Portugal would be drawn into thewar. Portugal has not declalred waron Germany, as was reported in theday, but a partial mobilization of herforces will be ordered to-morrow, andmartial law has been declared in Portugese Congo.Portugal has an alliance with GreatBritain, but this is purely a defensiveone, and was negotiated for the protection of Portugal, and not with theidea that Portugal ever should be called upon to the assistance of GreatBritain.PETROGRAD, Oct. 14 It is reported that the first attack of the Germanson warsaw already has been hurledback. To the north, in the region ofGrodno and TSuwalki, where the Germans recently sustained a great defeat, the rumor is widespread that theKaiser himself is in command of thetroops and is directing operations.Mother gets liighly indignant becaus eggs jump from 18 to 20 centsa dozen. But as long as beer and onion, Perfectos are only five cents percopy Father can't see anything toworry about.It isn't always the Green-Eyed Monster that causes family rows. Sometimes a man marries a woman whohas a habit of eating crackers in bed.What has become of the old-fashionedman who usee) to inhale his coffee out of his saucer?The difference between affinit andinfinity is that one lasts three monthsand the other lasts foreverl ."Ml(Copyright, by McCluro Vindicate.)r ii 7 J Lfamily happy.It brings io the home a v.xehh of music that h cutof all proper. :cn to i:3-cme:l cost.You can ct a Victor or Yictor-Victrola riht. arrayon our easy-payment p:aa. $15 to -oo for aVictc--Yictrola$10 iGico for a Victor. . frCoire in and cce and hear the different" styles.I .cS3xAMERICAN RCD CROSS. nursm, in Europe.1 In the last issue Jf the News wasprinted an interesting letter to MrsMinnaker, the Health and WelfareLeague' yisiting nurse, 'in this cityfrom one of the nurses who wentfrom Cincinnati recently to Europe asRed Cross nurse. Since then a letterfrom Miss Helen Hay, general superintendent of nurses, says that thenurses will be known as "Sisters"explaining that the custom is toadopted because it willbe esaier forthe sick and wounded to rememberChristian names prefixed by "Sister"than if the American style of "MissHay," etc., was retained.The voyage of the Red Cross nursesfrom New York to England, the letterstates was most profitably spent.Practical demonstrations of the useof military, surgical equipment, lectures upon camp sanitation, infectiousdiseases and plagues were delivereddaily by the surgeons with prayer services for peace always following.The steamer was molested only onesduring the voyage. A British crui3ercame up and played its searchlightupon the "mercy ship," but when theRed Cross signal was displayed it waspromptly accepted and the cruisersailed on.SUES FOR DIVORCE.In the Court News in Wednesday'sCincinnati Enquirer is the followingregarding the martial troubles ofThomas Longo, at present a Paris citizen: "'Brutal abuse' for six years aftertheir marriage is what Rosa Lonsjodeclares she received from ThomasLongo, and she is asking for a divorce and to be restored to" her maiden name of Palmisano. They weremarried February 15, 1905, and havethree children. The wife alleges thatLongo drove her away from his hoipin Paris, Ky., over three years ago.J. E. Rappoport, attorney."Longo is at present conducting afruit store and confectionery in theKiely building "on Main street, inParis.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.Cincinnati Enquirer.)What has become of the old-fashionedhome in which everything wascooked and served the way Fatherwanted it?Why is it that the more commonsense a woman has the homlier she is?If you try long enough you cantrain your conscience to speak onlywhen it is spoken to.One reason why old Mr. Opportunity raps on your door as often as oldMr. Trouble 'is because sparrows arethicker than canaries.After glancing over some of themagazines a man wonders what thehurry was to get them out a monthahead of time.Great Grandpa called them gazelles. Grandpa called them doves. Father called them ducks. But Son callsthem chickens.A lot of men wonder why girls closetheir eyes when they are being kissed.But if the men would look into a mirror they would find the reason.To a woman anything that is stylishis becoming.This would be a much nicer world ifwe had more songs without words.We all have a lot of theories wewoud like to have the other fellowpractice.A boy hasn'tany use for a jack knifeunless it is sharpeno ugh to cut hisfingers once a week.YjM"Tho beet investment I ever madeand it only cozx. $Llo.The Viclor-Viclrola aT.ur.cs and cdu-