7r - i?V?v'"tBOURNEWSt. JZ ,.- -.-'" " ,.,- v V,'"PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEA'Br"OLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 8, 1914.v f.- " -KTHESONTENSfANGER OF LQAMERICANS INSLIVES IN MEXICODefend Homes When Attacked By a Band "of Rural GuardsORDER ISSUED 'TO EXTEND LINESFunston Sends Troops Further In Direction of theMexican CapitalWASHINGTON, May 7. Ten members of the Smith family in jail atTGnala, Chiapas, are in danger oftheir lives because of Mexican resentment of their part in the recentkilling of three Mexicans at San Pedro, according to a report to-day fromMinister Leovell in Guatemala.The Mexicans were members of arural guard, and invaded the Smithhome at San Pedro to disarm the occupants. In the fight which ensued,the ?-Iexicans were worsted, but theAmericans were later arrested.One American and two British subjects have been killed at mines in thevicinity of Guadalajara. A Mr. Ransdall, presumably a British subject,and seven Americans are cut off bybandits in the vicinity. Other Americans are safe. This informationcame in a dispatch from the Britishvice consul at Guadalajara to the British embassy to-day.Nelson O'Shaughnessy, charge ofthe American embassy at Mexico Cityuntil United States troops seizedVera Cruz, arrived in Washingtonearly to-day.WASHINGTON, May 7. Orderswere sent Wednesday from the WarDepartment to Gen. Funston authorizing hjm to extend his lines aboutVera -Cruz as far as "inhis Judgmentit is necessary."Tiafs gives the American commander virtually a free hand in dealingwith the situation at Vera Cruz andit was said that the American lineswould at once be extended and heavyfortincations thrown up.Gen. Funston reported to the WarDepartment to-day that he had nodefinite information regarding movements of Mexican troops, and said hethough it probable that such concentration as the Mexican forces hadmade was only for the purpose of defending the lines of railroads to Mexico City in case the United Statestroops should advance.Mexican natives reported that thetrack of the Inter-Oceanic railroadv as being torn up. 4FISCAL COURT MEETS BUTTRANSACTS LITTLE BUSINESS.The Fiscal Court met yesterday inregular monthly meeting, but littlebusiness of any importance was before the body. Judge C. A. McMillanpresided with Magistrates ErnestMartin, B. P. Thomason, R. H. Burris,J. J. Redmon, A. L. Stephenson, Jno.N. Shropshire and O. B. Lloyd in attendance. Road Engineer C. A. Redmon submitted his report for the month ofApril, which was accepted and ordered 01 record, "white -in order was entered instructing C ovnty TreasurerBedford to-borro- SIQ.OOO for use inthe general funJ ble December 1at 6 per cent, inu-It was ordered . Aho sum ofi? ' grantedBOURSON MAN ISAMONG REFUGEESMrs. M. R. Collier, of Millersburg, this county, is in receiptof a letter from her sonK Mr.Wm. Collier, mailed at Tampico, Mexico, in which he stated that he had escaped injuryin the several skirmisheswhich had taken place in thatcity, and is believed now to beamong the refugees enroute toGalveston, Texas. Mr. Collierstated that while in Tampicowith a large number of refugees, he was confined in quarters in a hotel and for fear oflosing his life would not venture upon the streets. Therewere between six and eighthundred Americans taken fromthe city and placed aboarda battleship where they wereheld in quarantine a week before they were transferred toa transport and the entire number sent to Galveston. He further stated that may of therefugees who were compelledto flee were Without moneyand clothing, and many ofthem who had been wealthyhad their fortunes reduced tonothing by the war. According to Mr. Collier many of therefugees upon landing in Galveston, would be requtesed toproceed to Washington to laythe distressing facts beforethe government with a view ofsecuring reparation for the lossof property. Mr. Collier wasa prosperous rancher and owned a large tract of land several miles from Tampico. InFebruary a , fierce battle wasfought between the rebel andfederals on his ranch. Afterthe battle the victorious rebels burned his residence andstock barns and made awaywith everything of value. Withhis wife and two children Mr.Collier managed to escape andmade their way to Tampico,where his wife and childrenembarked from the UnitedStates and he remained thereto dispose of the stock and effects he had saved. Mrs. Collier and her children reachedthis city about a month ago.YEGGMENBLOWSAFE; GET $80Daring Robbery CommittedBy Burglars Early WednesdayYeggmen, using the most modernmethods of their craft, entered theoffice of Spears & Sons, on SouthMain street some time during thenight Tuesday'-and after blowing thesafe took from it about $60 in silverand one check.Entrance was gained through thefront door of the office when the burglar broke one corner of the glass andunlocked the night lock. Nitroglycerine was used, and the work is believed to have been done by erperts.After entering the building the robbers it is believed turned their attention' first to the large safe, the outerdoor of which was only fastened withthe night lock and -could be openedeasily while the inner steel door wasopened without much trouble.The burglars then encountered theJstrong box with the combination andof several inches in thickness, whichwas suspended from the top of thesafe and supported by heavy steelbars. The front of the combinationwas soaped and a heavy charge of theexplosive applied.The safe was almost completelywrecked bv the explosion whichEPWORTH LEAGUE CCONFERENCE 10 BE jHELOHEREINJUNEl"WE KNOW HOW"''. VAssembly Will Bring LargeNumber of Delegates toParis Next MonthLOCAL LEAGUETO ENTERTAINCommitteesAppointedMeeting Held LastNightAtVti50 from the HamiltCiMiss Ethel Campbell be tr -ferred to broke the combination and hurled theMiss, Gertrude Bramel. ALL2r passing j lieavy outer door from its hinges,a few minor orders and allowances, j Articles about the room were somethe usual number of account, court what damaged by flying pieces ofadjourned. steel.Residents of the neighborhood wereMRS. PAYNE TO LECTURESEFORE C. W. 3. M. TONIGHTMrs. Ellie K. Payne, of Indianapolis,Ind., Superintendent of the YoungPeople's Department of the C. W. B.M., will give a lecture here this eve-at 7:30 at the Christian church.nuiAll are cordiallv invited to hear Mrs.Payne. The lecture is free.GRANDFATHER OF GEN.FUNSTON LIVED HERE.Col. W. H. Polk, of Lexington, renowned as a historian,while speaking of the Mexicaninvasion a few days ago, said:"The grandfather of Gen.Fred Funston whose firstname I believe wa& Paulwas a citizen of Paris, Ky.,early in the last century, andAas a member of a 'companyfrom Bourbon in the war of312. He was a saddler bytrade and carried on that bnsiness at Paris. He had "abrother, John, who was atoughcitizen. Both moved to ew"Philadelphia, O.,Funston's fatherhave been horn."where Gen.is said' to 3Air "7 jrvtaroused by the explosion but little attention was paid to it, owing to thelarge amount of noise made in thesouth yards of the Louisville & Nashville railroad, while the night forcesare switching cars. Owing to theoffice being so near the railroad whereemployes are passing constantly anda restaurant nearby which keeps openall night, it was not thought necessaryto employ a night watchman, and theoffice and milling plant was entirelyImmediately after the robbery-wasdiscovered Wednesday morning thepolice were notified and an investigation began. The officials received information that several suspiciouscharacters had been seen in the neighborhood the day before and descriptions were furnished them. Whilethere are several suspects beingwatched, no arrests have been made.,It is probable the robbery was committed by members of a gang thathave been operating in several Kentucky towns during the past severalweeks.This is the third time the large safein the office of Spears & Sons hasbeen blown by yeggmen in the pastfour or five years. On a former occasion a eharee of nrtro exploded withjsuch force that several hundred aoiThe Fifth Annual Assembly of theKentucky Conference Epworth Leaguewill be held in this city June 24-27.This conference will bring togetherquite a large number of young people,each Senior League being entitled to adelegate for every twenty-five members, and each Junior League willsend a delegate, and each pastoralcharge of the Kentucky Conferencewhere there is not a League, maysend one.Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, president ofthe Paris Epworth League, is in receipt of a letter from Rev. J. B. Harris president of the Kentucky Conference Epworth League, which statesthat the program is now being madeup, and will be announced as soon ascompleted. It is understood thatRev. E. G. B. Mann will preach theopening sermon on the 24th, and,Rev. Dr. J. O. A. Vaught will havejcharge of the morning watch eachfday. A team of Epworth Leaguespecialists from Nashville, Tenn., willhave charge of the Normal work. Aman of ability from the church-at-largewill have charge of the two evening services and the consecrationservice, which will be the closing service. Several committees are suggested,in the program to be appointed, whichwill comer from the Paris. EpworthLeague. Accordingly at the regularmonthly business session, held lastnight, President Snapp appointed thefollowing:Recreation Committee Mr. Prentice Lancaster, Chairman; Miss Elizabeth Mann, Mrs. S. T. Chipley andMessrs. Finnell Galloway and W. O.Fuller. This committee is to workout a plan of recreation and announceIt each day. It is their aim to see thatall the delegates engage in some formof recreation. The period will befrom 4 to 6 o'clock each afternoon.Music Committee Miss Mattie D.Lilleston, Chairman; Mrs. Jas. Grinnell, Jr., Messrs. Allen Smith and N.H. Ecklar. This committee is to arrange for a song service each morningfor a half hour, which time will bespent in practicing some of the greatMethodist hymns.Reception Committee Miss Frances Hancock, Chairman; Miss GladysSnapp, Mrs. T. J. Flora and Mr. Luther Grinnell and Mrs. Homer Shy.Badge Committee Miss Edith Hancock, Chairman; Misses Sara Power,Ethel Freeman, Florence Ellis, EdnaSnapp and Eugenia Kendrick.Decoration Committee Mrs. Geo.Ellis, Chairman; Mrs. Chas. Alexander, Messrs. R. C. Galloway, Cecil Arnold and Wm. Taylor.Finance Committee Mr. LutherMclnlire, Chairman; Messrs. W. C.Gentry, S. T. Chipley and AlbertPogue.Conference Pages Misses DorothyTingle, Virginia Hancock, LucilleChipley and Ruth Wheeler.Conference Couriers Messrs. William Mclntire, Howard Roberts, Cletis Chipley, Geo. Rose, Robert Harris, Edward Myers, Stanley Rule andJesse Galloway.Committee of Refreshments Mrs.Robt. Mclntyre, Chairman; Mrs. N.H. Eckler and Mrs. W. O. Fuller.Plans are now being arranged forthe entertainment of the delegates andany assistance rendered the league insustaining the well-known hospiatlityof the Paris people, will be highly appreciated by that organization, whichis a great influence in our city for thetraining of young Christian workers.Spring StylesIn Men's Shoes Are Now on Displayat Our Store.The Stetson,, Korrect Shape and Mtichell & Blakemore Special Lineof Shoes are here in all styles, both in high cut andOxfordt---Gun Metal, Tans and Patent Leathers, low cutOxfords in the new swagger English last, made with invisible eyelets, low, flat heel and sole. We have bothstyles, with the rubber sole and heel and the leatherThere is none better made than the line ofto come to this storebottoms.Shoes we carry and we want youand buy a pair, of our Shoes..Korrect Shape, $4 .,Stetson Shoes,, 5 and $6Mitchell & Blakemore'sSpscial, $5.Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole, $5 and S5.gr3IMitche & Blakemore,The Store for Men's StylesParis, Kentotcky- . -. - & mIEAGLES PREPARING FOR BIGTIME WEEK OF MAY 25.EXTRA SPECIAL.Silk, Poplin and Moire SuitsBlack and clll New Shadesria m v 1 b h i4Alterations Free. ' -BIG REDUCTION4 In Prices of1'pilars in bills were almost completely- ;! -:rovPd. This time, however; thet burglars evidently becoming frightThe Paris Lodge of Eagles is preparing for a gala week beginning May25, when they will have here undertheir auspices, the Littlejbhn Carnival Company. There has never beena time in the history of amusementsin Paris, when a more select numberof attractions will be exhibited herethan on this occasion of the coming ofLittlejohn this season.To sustain his past reputation forgiving the public the best, he has got- 5ten together some of the very best 4 mcarnival attractions on the road whichare to furnish the amusement for JParis people4 the last week in May.The Eagleb . are very jubilent oversecuring himwith a contract, as this Jwas the only- open week during hissummer tourhat was available andseveral other fraternal orders in Cen- Stral Kentucky-towns had made efforts10 secure ane uaies.' j-Suits, Coats, 7Silk and Wool Dress6sFRANK 6c CO.The j5tore Where Reliability Reigns.ened made awty. without securing" aiivrmoney.Lrsiadia9 Calma and Rengo Belt Corsets.s)VJmrHV,L--,"WHHJ "?""??i n nnj"f ' iqijiWMWJ "U"- 'H ' yVV&iiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 8 19141B- w'"BL90D IS 1MGKES THAN WATER"up indoors in winter time w.ih a cocl stove burning up ihc oxygen or emittingcarbonic (oxide) gas. This blooJ, or biooJ vhich lacks the red biood corpuscles,in aiwntc rc"p'c rn?v here ben catted by ld-k of food f'esh air breathed intoI 1 . . ,u i .-'?"- i. sonn.'fir'". pcdpl'-1 uf''?r v tar.s3nin w-r KtJ br-rt which is not heart d icer.se at all, but caused by indieesuon.s5ft' ."- '.'-- j. ' .-,) it o ur -ndy Ut j-a can tjr.i to knowingthat .t has g.vea satisfaction lor over 4D years.DR. PIICG'SQCID3N M1MCAL DISCOVERYis aKood c'-a-.sej and alterative that ctart. the liver and stomach into vigorousaclio-.. ltihuSCCateJotabodyto nrnufadure rich led blood which feeds theheart- nerves b.a-rt and cans of the body. The organs work smoothly likemachinery iunn:na in oil. You feel clean, strong and strenuous instead of tired,wcak2-"ILir.t. Icv7aJas y-w czn obtain Dr. Pierces Golden Mcd-cal DisCD" cv 'laWcts is wed az i '2 l.qu.d form from all medicine dealers, or tabletsLy'r.-I:i, ricp-d in U cr Lie size. Adrccs 1L V. Pierce, M. D., Buffalo, N. Y.B1. PEACE'S CSHAT 1C03 ?IC3 JLLrSTEATGD CO.UON SENSE MEDICALADVISER VTtLL E3 SEKT E2TV. CIOTA BODXD Z03 Si 0TB-CERT STAMPS.mum miiinmiKmi99999999991IH Varts Borne telephone and Cefcgrapl) go(Incorporated)-J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. K. E. SPEARS, Commerical Manager.ouroonDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.2s2UWWWWWW. .!. -t 'm L "S 1 yT lSIf Ali ft --- I SVn-W S Ni rHBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.3Gl" W.IFDNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMELBOTH'PHLOlSrES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.4I -V::::Plumbing and Elecri-cal Work in AllTheir BranchesMasda (Tungston) LamDSStoves, Rangesand Appliances.Spicer &I Gilchrist, !Elks' BuildingX E.E. Phone, 103X Home Rhone, 101When you feelYffos, tired, worried or despondent it issre sign yoa need MOTT'S NERVERIKPILLS. They renew the normal vigor atmake life worth living. Be sure and ask f.Motf Nerverine Pills lTrullt."WH-UAMS MFG. CO,, Props., Cleveland. ObiffL, Oberdorfer, Dnif gigt. Parii, Ky...X-I -VJ.ClOFitting !Thinness ofHave You aHOME TELEPHONEOur Bourbon CountyBusiness is GrowingMore Rapidly. ThanEver Before.Ask Your NeighborJ About TheService, Then Let Us Figure With YouLaundryWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.(IS.Ain "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ih'e -Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes btf ck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen is'k(USf(itslaundered, your custom is theKina we want as we iiKe 10appreGiateeDAVISKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor ParisLeave Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 am9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p mtj.uu a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m - -7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p mDaily except Sunday.10:05 p mA MISTAKEN IDEAThere are some people who still resortto drugged pills or alcoholic syrups toovercome colds, nervousness or generaldebility, and who know that the pure,unadulterated nourishment in Scott'sEmulsion is eminently better, but refrainfrom taking it because they fear it maylead to excessive fat or obesity.This, is a mistaken idea, because Scott'sEmulsion first strengthens the body beforemaking flesh. Its blood-forming properties aid nature to throw off sickness bybuilding health from its very source, andflesh is formed only by its continued use.Avoid alcoholic substitutes for SCOTT'S.FIRST CLASS SERVICE ATFREEMAN'S BARBER SHOP.Having engaged the service of LouisLivers, an experienced barber, I amnow prepared to handle my trade andgive "the most thorough Satisfaction.Give me a call and be convinced.' . BUCK FREEMAN.The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postofiice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.3URLEY BOARD HOLDS SEMIANNUAL MEETING IN LEXINGTON1 The Board of Directors of the Bur-, ley Tobacco Company held its regularsemi-annual meeting Tuesday morningat the Company's offices in the Fay-I ette National Bank building, in Lex' ington. A full attendance of the -directors was on hand with the exception of two, tweniy-nine out of thirtyone answering the roll-call.The meeting was presided over byPresident Clarence Lebus and mostof the time of the meeting, whichlasted until 2:30 in the afternoon, wastaken up with the consideration ofvarious reiports. Reports on the sea-Ron at. eierhteen loose leaf marketswere presented, as well as the report small machines, except in wet weathof the progress which has been made er, and good-roads societies in ourat fhe Company's factory in Louis-. vicinity are the latest fad. We raisedville.. one thousand five hundred dollars lastPresident Lebus said that the meet- spring to bring the Cannon Ball Trailing was a harmonious one, and that j from Chicago to Kansas City throughall the directors were satisfied with our town and our hotel-keeper con-progress wnicn nad been made dur-ing tne last six montns. me BuneyCompany is a new organization but ithas been growing by leaps andbounds and is fulfilling the expectations of its promoters.Mr. John T. Coljins, of Bourbon, amember of the Board of Directors,was among those in attendance.CONGRESSMAN FIELDS FIRSTTO FILE PETITION.Congressman W. J. Fields, of theNinth District, filed his petition withthe Secretary of State Tuesday to gethis name on the August primary ballot. He is the first candidate to file.WHOOPING COUGH."About a year ago my three boyshad whooping cough and I foundChamberlain's Cough Remedy theonly one that would relieve theircoughing and whooping spells. Icontinued this treatment and was surprised to find that it cured the diseasein a very short time," writes Mrs.Archie Dalrymple, of Crooksville, 0.For sale by all dealers.(May) (adv)ATTEND THE LOTSALE ON MAIN STREETOn Wednesday, May '6, at 2:30 p.m., Harris & Speakes, agents, will sellfive desirable vacant lots on Mainstreet. Valuable prizes to be givenaway. Attend the sale.(28-td)INDIGESTION? CAN'TEAT? NO APPETITE?A treatment of Electric Bitters increases your appetite; stops indigestion; you can eat' everything. A realspring tonic for liver, kidney andstomach troubles. Cleanses yourwhole system and you feel fine. Electric Bitters did more for Mr. T. D.Peeble's stomach than any medicinehe ever tried. Get a bottle today.50c. and $1.00 at your druggist's.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for Eczema.(May) (adv)CONDITION OF KENTUCKYSTATE TREASURY MARCH 31The balance in the State treasuryat the close of business March 31, was$575,165.44, according to the report ofthe Auditor and Treasurer made nub-i lie Monday. Of this $339,262.23 wasin uje sunooi iuna, $44,oys.Y4 in the j&iiiK.ms iunu, ana $yi,3U4.4Y in thegeneral expenditure fund. The outstanding interest bearing warrantsamounted to $2,053,412.34 as compared with $1,902,882.02 February 28.WALNUT TIMBER ALL USED. -ONFARM IN JESSAMINENotwithstanding the rarity and expensiveness of walnut timber nowadays, there is one farm in Kentuckvwhich can boast not only of its barnsand tenant houses being built of wal;nut, put even tne lences on the placeare constructed of this valuable wood.This is the Coghill farm. located inthe Shaker Bend section of Jessaminecounty. The larger part of this tractwas formerly a vast walnut forest,and a considerable quantity of thewalnut timeber yet remains, the own.ers of the place cutting it only for domestic use.Thousands of dollars worth of thisvaluable timber has accordingly beencut in past years for this purpose,and not only the tobacco barns andtenant houses have been constructedof rich black walnut, which if sent tothe furniture factories of the Northwould have yielded the owners of theplace a handsome fortune. There isperhaps not another farm in Kentucky on which so much valuable timber can yet be found, despite thisprodigality. . ,XHAZEL DAWN A FAVORITEIN HER NEW HOMEThe following exiract from the Luc-ca, a Cuban-American paper publishedat Havana, when describing the Live .Stock Fair at Havana, speaks of Hazel Dawn as follows: !"When Hazel Dawn appeared shehad hardly stuck her nose throughthe croton hedge when everyone realized that Hazel Dawn was the last 'word in horseflesh. There are no ,words to describe the magnificentanimal. Graceful as a gazelle, swiftas an arrow, as intelligent as a schoolmarm and as faithful nd loveble asa mother, Hazel Dawn needs only to !be seen and the show is a success to 'the beholder. There were other nicehorses, but there is gut one HazelDawn in the world and she will never leave Cuba if the Government hasto pass another $10,000,000 loan."WHAT THE AUTOMOBILEMEANS TO A SMALL TOWN. IIn the May American Magazine 'George Fitch, the famous humorist,writes a piece about automobiling ina small town. His contribution isentitled "The Auto Game in Home-burg." In the following -passage he ,tells what the automobile means to asmall town:"In New York an auto means com- Jfort and pleasure and advertisement, ilike a fur-lined overcoat with a Per-sian lamb collar. But in Homeburgl' it means a lot more. It keeps upbusy and happy and full of convesa-I tion and debate. It pulls our old, re-tired farmers out of their shells andJ makes them yell for improvements. It! unbuckles our tight-wads and givesour mechanical young loafers something to do. It helps town pride andit keeps our money circulating so fastthat everyone has a chance to graspa chunk as it goes by. ;"It has made us so independent of irailroads that we feel now when buying a ticket to Chicago as if we werehelping the poor old line out. Our ;'creamery has been collecting milk and jshipping butter in an old roadster with ia wagon bed thorax for a year. Two ,I nf mir rural route mail carriers usef tributed one nundrer dollars ot it. tiesays we'll be on the gas-line touristroute to the coast after the trail hasbeen marked and drained and gradedup well."But mostly the automobile meansfreedom to us. We're no longer citizens of Homeburg, but of the congressional district. We're neighbors totowns we hadn't heard of ten yearsago. and the horizon nowadays formost of us is located at the end of a !ten-eallon tank of gasoline. Why, in ithe old days you had to go fifty mileseast and double back to get into thenorth part of the county, and more ofus had to cross the ocean than hadbeen to PallsbUrg in the north tire oftownships. Now our commercial clubsmeet together alternate months andabout seventeen babies in our townhave proud grandparents up there."That's part of what the automobilemeans to us. Can you blame me forbeing so interested in a new one?Maybe it will have some contrivancefor scaring cows out of a narrowroad?"Anyway, Eve never had to sit up atnight wondering if Adam was speeding his evenings with some other women. &S8:FORSunday 2Spring Lamband the BestHome-Killed Meatson the MarketBros.,Paris, Kentucky9W9SBoth Phones329i0 vDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j fResidenceE. T. 384.Home 334.DR. A. H KELXjEB,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - i - KentuckBaidwnrriiTKSsiiinai i.arnst'3Kfe'S!t4,--l'-' - ' -'-. - --mijfcJS8SBSFSS3S?n 3fn999SmKErpJWfw triSrOaiThe Highdemandsso needful asunshinc.nlEn. !- anyb& ""-fl-m"V rich and pun" building an- ti nrl-v 'i'vmcrh? andTyrTgHrS'9g28TTFarmers, Wives ormR ' TTv. EfrSi nTt NW f v-JiK"Sanifect'Is a sure shot for killing Chicken Lice, Mites,Roaches-, Moth and all Insect life.Bottled in convenient sizes. " "Also Best Seed Corn andox 39etye CcaljDodson & DeionYards, South Main St.&sSJiS3dZfym2iEighth and MainNo DeliveryNo PhonesNo CreditWe are now using aSanitary Fish Cabinet,and receiving Fresh Fishdaily. We save you from4c to 10c per pound onFish.We do not clean anyFish, but we save youmoney on them and giveyou good, fresh Fish atall times. Clean yourFish and you know thatthey are clean.!M. J, Hellerjc rgFOR SALE.A lot about 65 feet front, runningback over 100 feet, -rtuated on Highstreet, near Fifteenth street. Applyto(13-tf) MRS. CANDACE SMITHFOR RENT.Two rooms on third floor of Agricultural Bank Building. Heat andwater furnished.(17-tf)INSURANCAGAINSTf IRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINTON,AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, seeme.$lew BarbershopCorner Fourth and MainModern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.ARL CRAWFORD?w.V Ti.jj. -I.:: !- Jrer?WTM--ijiji vnri i.m iCalling of Motlierlioodthe utmost precaution in maintaining health at high efficiency.It is doubly important and nothing in the world isScott's Emulsion, good cheer andScotC's Emulsion makes the hlwie. It contains the vital flesh-d bone-building propertiesinc't-oc n1-iinrlin- ?i(Mirio1i.. i... u.ui.x.u.w .iwii, j.ment. It strenrrthens the nervesW&.creates enorg' and vitalityduring this period.Expectant and nursing mothersalways need Scott's Emulsion.YOUR DRUGGIST HAS IT 13-31m.-'ivttr.u7rm-9mM.u,,.mimnim n ,g3grfChicken RaisersBoth Phones 140WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTME?KWill cure Blind, Bleeding: and Itchingr PiiIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and $1WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, 04L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.eCANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I unX dertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.4uv4Ht4Spruce UpNow is the time to haveyour wearing apparel cleaned and put in order forSpring.We Do the WorkRight.Comparison will affordyou an opportunity tojudge.Give Us a Trial.ELECTRIC1 DRY GLEANIG CO. 19 Cihal Applegate, ProDs. 2627 Main St., Paris, Ky. JCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)"3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pat.ronage Solicited.OONEfTR0Pf BOURBON POULTRY CUtCdown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops In thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. OKe50c bottle makes 12 gallons oi.medicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" seat FREEItirfcM fcwMtfy C$.lnfU,Ij,For Sale by W. T. Brookstit 9Ka9m IIMPERFECT IN ORIGINALmiTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS KENTUCKY, MAY 8, 1914v,iMI,vV,Ie,4,,i,,I',f,,V,i,,l,I,,I,,4,Hr44i.4.4'4':"I'':'-!v4'!'444Mf"4.A EjRLOLUXR-J3fRSEti- c uA-nlr ?rfriri-vKJEfciAeroluxuhivacie9?oOhvPOULTRY NOTES.On a Hot, Sultryafternoon when thewind and sun arefdisagreeable the IAerolux No WhipShade transform iyour porch into themost delightful resting place. The word Aerolux means ait and light, yetthey offer perfect seclusion They do not cost any more than any otherShade and will last longer. . Phone us your order and we will send a manto measure your porch and and will hang shadeseft iterators!THE NEW ICEBERGis the kind to protect your families health.Buy one of our New Iceberg Refrigerators,The Big Ice SaversLet us show you one of them.ill 1 , HP H I Klpffffiff"T ---Mf11mIce Boxes fTI?e Sew Ice,bergkind. It you havehad trouble in keeping the ice bill from beingsolarge, try the. New Iceberg. $9 to $35.GoCarts and SulkiesJust received a largeshipipent of Go-Cartsand Sulkies for. the baby$2.50 up to $25WAJ "" getNow is the time to be breeeding outlauits ana breeding in virtues in yourflocK. Birds that -are everlastinelv II wanting to sit are sure to be birds 'that nave no great records as layers.J They spend too much of their produca stive period on the nest. This trait.can be bred out. Birds with loosefeathers or fluff require more food tonourish them in winter than do birdsof the close-feathered varieties. Breedwith this thought in mind. What isyour market? One market likes a 'large white egg. another market jwill have only a big brown egg and )will pay more for that than for' the jwhitest egg to be found. That is apoint to be considered. Even thebest hens can, by careful selection jand mating, be made to lay largelyeggs as large as duck eggs. This jwas illustrated in the Australian con- jtest.The old adage, found "nowadayshanging up in so many offices andshops, "Plan your work; then workyour plan," is a good motto for thefarm as for factory. Nothing is welldone without organization, unity ofpurpose and consecutive effort.Cockerels should be caponizedwhen about eight weeks old. He isnot fully developed until he is eightor nine months old. A mature birdthat has been caponized will weighfrom eight to twelve pounds sometimes even more. The price obtainedfor capons is about twice the pricereceived for cockerels.Whatever breed is selected the firstthing to note is the variety of the individual birds that are to make upyour pens. Failure to select breedingstock of superior physical vigor hasbeen the ruin of many a beginner.Fowls having a full amount of vitalityare better able to resist disease andthe various bacteria and organismswhich destroy so many young birdsor which penetrate the ovary of thehen and produce white diarrhoea inthe newly hatched chick.Exercise and the hard grains forfeed are all right for some purposes,but not when preparing a. bird for thetable. Exercise and hard grain bringdry, sinewy flesh, while what we arelooking for is soft, plump, juicy flesh.While fattening for the table all birdsfeiiould ue taken off the range andkept in limited areas. For grain, giveground oats no corn.w EJ A W VA. F. Wheeler Furniture Go.Main and Third CHAS. GREEN, Mgr. Opp. Court HouseCHAMBERLAIN'S LINIMENT.This preparation is intended especially tor rheumatism, lame back,sprains and l:ko nilments. t i a favorite with people who are well acquainted with its splendid qualities.Mrs. Char - ic opsh. inn,says of it: "I have found Chamberlain's Liniment t -t ueai. unng torlame back and sprains that I haveever used. It works like a charm andrelieves nain and soreness. It hasbeen used by others of my family aswell as myself for upwards of twentyyears." 25 and 50 cent bottles. Forsale by all dealers.(May) (adv)OH, SHUK!"Yes," said the Doctor, as he examined the Patient, "you have letI yourself run down. You should develop an interest in what is going onaround you. You should keep in touchwith the events of the day. Youshould stimulate vour mind with anewspapers and a few magazines andfu11 of 'buckshot the other-day for godigest them thoroughly each day. You iu2 to see my ma."should 'stimulate your mond with avaried diet of reading matter. By theway, what is your occupation ?""I am an exchange editor," repliedi the patient.THE CHAMPION BAD BOY STORY.(Prat, Kansas, Union.)State of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas county ssFrank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is the senior partner of the firm ofF. J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure,j . FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedi in my presence, this 6th day of December, 1886.(Seal) . A. W. GLEASON,Notary PublicHall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for consti-A man j in Pratt was hit by a snowball thrown by a boy in the neighbor- pationhood and shouted: "Never mind, myyoung kid, I'm going to see your moth-: An Eastern oculist says that gazinCr aUOUl tlllS. inatS ail riffllt: nt nn nLiooaainct wl-iioh tlia ar ioyelled back the .small boy. "You justgo right up """there. Pa filled a manshining causes myopia. Anyway,when the silhoute shows up we aregoing to risk one eye.COUGHED FOR THREE YEARSWhen the second baby comes along,paw has to buy a new baby buggybecause the old one doesn't match thej new baby's complexion.iiiiii!jii;ijiiii!iiiiiiiiiiift; You can woa? these corsets j ' ''Jm iJW Ej throughout the day with- MkJWk ) r !P ESout a distressed and thor- c'KlSr , V"7vi( Soughly tired out reeling. & njj Jfjhr -I p .lil RENGO ' I j J it ii s y 2THE extra strength of materialsused in Rengo Belt "corsetsgives support that is particularlyrestful when the garments are adjusted to reduce the excess fleshat the back, hips and abdomen. Noother corsets have the strength to holdtheir shape so long under these tryingconditions. With the elastic webbinginserts over the thighs and at back,freedom is allowed exactly where neededstout women are dancing, and bendingin these corsets with perfect race andwonderful comfort.The boning is of double watch springsteels very pliable but extra strongand is guaranteed not to rust. Thecrowning feature of Rengo Belt corsets is theirthoroughly strong materials and tailoring without" which all other reducing corsets fail."I am a lover of your Godsend to humanity and science. Your medicine,Dr. King's New Discovery, cured mycough of three years' standing," saysJennie Flemming, of New Dover, O.,Have you an annoying cough? Is itstubborn and won't yield to treatment? Get a 50c. bottle of Dr. King'sNew Discovery today. What it didfor Jennie Flemming it will do for youno matter how stubborn or chronica cough may be. It stops a cough andstops throat and lung trouble Reliefor money back. 50c. and $1.00 atyour druggist's. ,Buchlen's Arnica Salve for Pimples.(May) (adv)An Impressionist is a mutt who isalways under the impression that heis using a handkerchief, when all hehas on his nose is a thumb and forefinger.Tell us about the painting or decorating you areplanning to do and we will help you select the right paintvarnish or enamel. There is aogVtdyPAINT, VARNISH, ENAMEL OR STAINfor every Household purposeFor painting floors there's nothing equal to Lowe Brothers HardDrying Floor Paint. For refinishing furniture, floors and woodwork,"Xin1 ,?fckes the finish ideal For the walls and ceilings,Mellotone, soft as the rainbow tints," is hisrhly artistic, fadeless.durable and washable.These are only a few of the Lowe Brothers products let us helpyou choose the right ones and assist you in selecting the mostpleasing colors.Chas. E. Butler & Co., opp. Court House.mr tHH-t; t F- jmmmt,'-xfzaBmmmwr, iixfmB0 '-'jmPvv vr,3i? -s i - -HfeYJrijnh ' vm. . s;y.tr s-lia ilLiilltmtfk WSmmrPAlDENTMAN"WOWSfTS7SDunrTO BANKMOAYJVflWSWfEANDCffLDffNuHave YOU got money in our bank to proteci,-$ourLITTLE ONES and your WIFE from want? "" " "Make OUR bank YOUR bankWs pay 3 per cent, interest on Savirgs.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.CHILD CROSS? FEVERISH? SICK?A cross, peevish, listless child, withcoated tongue, pale, doesn't sleep,eats sometimes very little, then againravenously; stomach sour; breathfetid; fetid; pains in stomach, withdiarrhea; grinds 'teeth while asleep,and starts up with terror all suggesta Worm Killer something that expelsworms, and almost every child hasthem. Kickapoo Worm Killer isneeded. Get a box today. Start atonce. You won't have to coax, asKickapoo Worm Killer is a candy confection. Expels the worms, the causeof your child's troubles. 25b. at yourdruggist's. r,(May) (adv)SPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, may io,1914BS&AifA?jlA38BH RoundHbSSEBHSHBH I TripRoundTrip$ SPECIAL TRAINLeaves GEORGETOWN 7;45 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.It doesn't take them long to getwise. After they have been marriedabout six or seven years and Paw getsin about 1 a. m. and howls that he isgoing to throw up his job because hehad to work so late at the office, Mawwonders how much Paw lost at thepoker game.A NEAT BARBER SHOP.1 Pricesp052br$5' "FRANK & CO.WniirilII!iIIllI!IIflSEIfiIllEI!iiiiilIIi!fiiii;iIfiIfIIflflIllinif!fiiiiEinifg;iliiiiliiiIIfifiIiIiilI!SiiIfif!nif!HfliI!lEll!I!ffll!3IMMr. Carl Crawford has opened up anew and cozy barber shop at the corner of Fourth and Main streets. Newfurniture, sterilizers, hot water heaters, etc. Mr. Crawford and anothercapable barber are in charge and areready to take care of the wnts of theparticular men. Mr. Crawford invitesI all his old customers ajid the generalpu'io o visit him in his new place.(24-tf)sM -ww "" Qnnriaiimthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by fretting the -oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickeraown to tne last arop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Cents no more than the inferiorfinkwason oils saves MONEY savesWORK caves eves.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our Tories.Chas. C. Stoii Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell th6 celebrated "No Carb"Auto onFirst Popnlar Price Fxcursiun of the SeasoirTo Cincinnati and Return, May 10, 14.S1.SOFor Ihc Round TripSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky., S:20m., returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m.further information gall ona. m.ForW. H. HARRIS, Agent.T. K. SMITH, T.,A.3w.f' t,r.4-"TJx'V;.v"zr-N-t- tf tI' ? -No SubstitutesRETURN to the grocer all substitutes sent you for Royal Bak- ing Powder. There is no substitute for ROYAL. Royal is a pure,cream of tartar baking powder, andhealthful. Powders offered as substitutes are made from alum.IE WS OF MILLERSBUFIGt4?GRAND!MONDAY, 1 1'I'4''Z'C'C,4i4'4Miii'itt'i,tt44''i'4'4''4'44''It4t'St4t4'4,'i4i4'4,I'44,4'85,41Biograph's fc ftpplFirst Big IWC1SpecialFeature !"Judith ofBethulia!'(By Thomas Aldrich Baiiey)SIJJIJJ'AJJJJSJ.JJJJiiA, Among the striking scenes in this remarkablepicture are those showing the lbattfe outside the city,the assaults on the massive walls, the scenes of' famine within, the unsuccessful attempt of the JewstovTegain the walls, the tragic death of Holofernes at(he hands of Judith, and the final destruction of theAssyrian camp, strictest attention to detail in costume, weapons and instruments of war, customs ofthe people and correct scenic background are manifest throughout the entire picture.5JTfIJ4544t'I,'I,iI,'I'iC'C'2'C'000I'IC,OCI'IC'C'II'IIS',',,''is'Admission, 1 0 Cts.Gallery, 5 Cts.Come Early if You Want a Seat'4"l"l'.Il"I"I4'44"frDOES COFFEE MAKE YOU SICK?We have a coffee at 25 cents a package that positively will not hurt anyone.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.pic-way the "Mutual Girl" does. Her excitement about the tago gets to besuch an infatuation that she danceswih everybody her aunt, the butler,the footman and the count. At night,with the fever of the dance. At night,her veins, she gets up and whirlsdizzily about with the furniture.SEED CORN.Carefully selected seed corn, testedfor -germination. Good. Phones 84.R. B. HUTCHCRAPT.(21-3 wks) Paris, Ky.At The Paris Grand"A Million Bid," the greatest-ture ever made, in five acts, and"Goodness Gracious, or Movies AsThey Shouldn't Be," in three acts, thejfunniest laugh, froducer in filmdmn. :Direct -from their record-breaking runsat the Vitagraph Theatre in New,York. In audition to the above Miss!Margaret Foster will be heard in the !latest soag hits. Gregg's Imperial ,RCH COLT STAKE TO BEOrchestic will furnish the music, OFFERED AT B0UR30N FAIR.Th" -ru' rUii exactly two hours. I 1The curtain will rise promptly at 8:00 , with a view of making the Bourbon. ra Wednesday, May 13. , Fair, which will be held the first.Acfmi&eion Lower floor, 25 cents; .-week in September, the success that it,BaJcoMy, 0. cents; Gallery, 10 ; cents, should be, already preparations haveatomic on sale at the Alamo Box begun, and there is every evidenceJOfllee. JBetter get them in advance tnat there will be no laxity on theit you want to see the show. part of the officials in an effort to(adv) make it the greatest fair in the State.Secretary Wiggins, who was electedvr ., :Columbia Theatre To-Day.Special Feature in 4 reels-".Fan; Itomas. The Mysterious Finger Print.'The third series of the remarkableadventures of the Phantom Crook.Ik connection with this -picture, theseventh reel of the "Our Mutual Girl"will be shown. You cannot possiblyafford to miss this seventh reel of theMtt novel motion picture series everoonceived. Margaret hears how everybody is wild about tango and heriadulgent aunt engages the mostprominent society teachers to instruct.her in all the latest steps. A BaldwinSloane and Grace Field, who are the-two most prominent society dancersof the present time in New York City,are the artists selected by the aunt,aad they demonstrate all the new society dances in the utmost detail. After you Jiave seen this wonderfulpicture perhaps you will dream theat a recent meeting to succeed himself, has taken up the reins and willfrom now until the week of the fairpush its interests from every angle.An attractives stake, which w)ll bethe feature of the second day of thefair, Wednesday, Sept. 3, has beenarranged. The stake is for saddlebred colts and fillies, foals of 1914,and will have a guaranteed value of$500, divided as follows: $200 tofirst; $150 to second; $75 to third;50 to fourth; $25 to fifth.Payments as follows: $2 entranceon or before May 25, 1914; $3 on orBefore July 1, 1914, when dam andsire must be named and colt described; $5 to be added on or before September 1, 1914.Entrance fee must accompany allnominations. This is the initial stake,and, if it is a success it is hoped todouble it in 1915. - . , s .M1LLERSBURG FEMALE- COLLEGECOMMENCEMENT.The following is the program for ithe M. F. C. commencement exer-;cises:Friday, May 15, 8:00 p. m. Expres-,sion Recital.Saturday, May 1G, 8:00 p. m. Operetta. Sunday, May 17, 10:45 a. m. Baccalaureate Sermon by Rev. John M.Crowe, D. D., of Pulaski, Va.Sunday, May 17, 8:00 p.m. Missionary Address by Mrs. J. H Spillman, Ilarrodsburg, Ky.Monday, May 18, 10:00 a. m. ClassDay Exercises.Monday, May 18, 8:00 p. m. AnnualConcert.Tuesday, May 19, 10:30 a. m.Graduation Exercises and LiteraryAddress by Dr. John M. Crowe.The Sunday exercises will be held inthe Methodist church, while all otherexercises will be in the College auditorium. The College will have eightregular graduates this year, and twowho will receive certificates from thePiano Department, and will give theirrecital on Saturday evening, May 9,at 8:00 o'clock. A very hearty invitation is extended to the public to attend all the commencement exercises.Don't forget the pure food demonstration Saturday at Jones Bros.Mr. Aaron McConnell was in Cincinnati from Tuesday to Thursday onbusiness. ,Mr. A. P. Gooding, of Mayslick,was the guest of his niece, Mrs. Ashby Leer, Thursday." Mr. W. H. H. Johnson, of 'Paris,was the guest of his sister, Mrs. M.R. Collier, this week.Mr. W. A. Butler stepped on apiece of glass in his office Wednesdayand injured his foot. His conditionis not seriousMrs. Margaret Mitchell wascalled to Paris Wednesday to be atthe bedside of her brother, PhilipMaher, who underwent a serious operation for spinal trouble.The oil for the streets arrivedMonday, but unless it can be put ontoday it will not be done before thefirst of next week. It has rainedevery day since its arrival.You are cordially invited to attend the pure food demonstration conducted by the National Biscuit Co.,and the Heekin Coffee Co., Saturday,May 9, at Jones Bros, store. Comeand bpng your friends.Misses Stella Stirman and Gertrude Patrick will give their recitalon Saturday evening, at which timethey will graduate in music from theM. F. C. All friends of the youngladies and of the institution are invited to be present.Mrs. J. C. Leer, Sr., was called tothe Jewish Hospital in Cincinnati,Wednesday, to be with her sister,Mrs. R. O. Hopper, of Mayslick. Theoperation was more serious than it4 i was thought at first. She is doing aswell as can be expected at tins writing. The following from here wereamong the number who attended thelaying of the corner stone of the Masonic Temple at Carlisle, Monday afternoon: Mrs. Earle Barton, Mr. andMrs. O. H. Collier, J. B. Cray, S. C.p.ncnnm n. P. Jones. E. C. Hawkins! and R. M. Caldwell.Dr. and Mrs. W. M Miller and lit-tie sons left Thursday for a twoweeks' visit to relatives at Atlanta,lGa. Mr. Henry Miller, who was inthe home, will spend the time withMr. W. R. Butler and Mrs. MargaretHutchcraft, and with Mrs. J. F. McDaniel. Mr. Summers, of the. American: Lyceum Bureau, of St. Louis, Mo.,who left here Monday, succeeded inmaking the Chautauqua a go. It willJLi be held about the middle of July. Leteverybody push it. Leave nothing undone to make it a pronounced success.Ticktes and other papers will be herein a few days.The meeting of the Council heldWednesday evening was of more thanordinary interest owing to severalmatters of importance coming up before the Board. Four of the sixmembers were present. An ordinance was passed prohibiting personsfrom loitering in and about the depotand prohibiting persons from jumpingon and off trains within the city limits. The ordinance imposes a fine offrom $2 to $20 for such offenses. Theordinance prohibiting the owners ofchickens within tho city limits fromallowing their fowls to run at large,and which has been a subject of muchinterest since it was proposed, had itsfirst reading, and will come up forpassage at a later meeting. The permit to build a cottage at the cornerof Seventh and Vimont streets, requested by Joe Green, colored, was rejected. This matter came up threemeetings ago, but was objected to byI J. H. Stuart, who has a residence onthe opposite side of the street, andthe Council deferred action on the permit, giving Stuart and Green time toreach an agreement, the latter offering to sell the property to Stuart fora certain price. It developed thatthere were no further negotiationsuntil Wednesday, when Stuart offeredto buy the property, but Green wouldnot sell, as another -piece of propertyhe had in view Jiad, in the meantime,been disposed of, and he declined theoffer. When the ,matter came up oneof the councilmen voted for the permit, one refused ,Jto vote and two wereagainst it. It s said that Green willinstitute a suit Mn an effort to forcethe Council to grant the permit..9. - -- -WJ .... .. .9. J. r-(, .!!i. . . .. .. . i"I" 'If VI 'I "-! tfrM"M"H.M 1"M.FREE MONTHLYCTI0NW AV $FM Wfe W5..J!ri"'2')J$1For OneYEARof the'ii?.? ?iA.5a?5?Developing, extending and jjerf dctingour service idea, we have inaugurated themonthly inspection department.Every owner of a 1914 Cadillac will benotified monthly to bring his car to us atLouisville or Lexington or Paducah. Thosenot in easy reach of one of these pointswill have the service of our travelingmechanics.Blanks have been provided to securecareful, systematic attention to every partof the car oiling, ignition, transmission,steering, brakes, wheels in fact, nothingis overlooked.Reports will be mailed the owner sothat he will know whether or not his caris receiving proper attention in time toprevent injury to the car.4;.For the benefit of owners who live too far away to bringtheir cars to Lexington, we have inaugurated a motorcycleservice.r,ADiiicVrCrOAiA first-class Cadillacmechanic will spendall his time goingamong Cadillac owners outside of Lexingington. Me will giveAdvice andAssistance toCadillac OwnersFreeHe will visit ownersfrequently and callsfor hss services wil3foe welcomed.5:?aOur Inspection and Service Department, with our5,0G0miie Guarantee on Tires, is worth hundreds ofdollars to Cadillac owners.KENTUCKY AUTOMOBILE CO. (Inc.) Louisville fc$&Cadillac Service Depot,Main aW Spring Streets LEXINGTON, KY.fr.fr fr.frfrtfrfrfrfrStfrtfrfrfrfr.3MSMfMfrtfrfrfrSUNDAY SCHOOL LEAGUE WILLADOPT 'SCHEDULE TO-MORROW"MOTHERS' DAY."v Mothers' Day will be observed bythe Baptist church Sunday morning.The pastor Dr. O. R. Mangum, willspeak on the subject, "A Mother inIsrael."WILL ERECT MODERN HOUSEON LOT RECENTLY PURCHASEDMr. Logan Howard will erect a modern fiame bungalow on nis lot locatedon Cypress street. The house T willcontain five rooms with all modern imrprovements, and will have a concretefoundation. The work will be comimenced very soon.To-morrow afternoon at 4 o'clock a !committee representing the SundayScho6l Base Ball League will meet at 'the Peoples' Bank in this city for the jpurpose of arranging- a 'schedule forthe various teams to compose the or-'ganization. !The league was organized severaldays ago when Sunday" Schools "fromall over the county were representedand teams were entered from Hutchison, North Middl6town, Spears Mill,Millersburg andParis. The plan is tohave the teams composed of men and ,boys who are members of the regulardenomination Sunday schools.Mr. J. W. Bacon has kindly tendered the use of the Paris base ballpark where all the games played inthis city will take place following theairangement of the schedule the first'gpme will be played the latter part of ,ne.vt week. It is likely the games will !be played on Saturday of each week.' The introduction of base ball underthe direction of the Sunday Schoolsshould be an innovation in Bourbonand the teams should receive a warmsupport. It has been a success inother counties and there is no reasonxjit should not be in Bourbon. Thereis some splendid material among theSunday school boys and -excellent amateur performers are available.Mi. R. F. Clendenin offers a handsome pennant to the successful clubat the close of the season,, while Mr.W. O. Hinton will present to the first Iplayer who knocks a home run, a bat. jMr. I. L. Price, the clotiiier, wno ai-1ways shows an interest in base ball 'will renew his oner of a shirt tor (every home run knocked on the localground during the season.rOMMinMtimiMHHiMl" v rliW JLIUtt kJUV TTllltttwThe newest and smartest Pumbs in Patent,Dull Kid and Gun Metal, in Colonial andBulgarian styles, with the new Louis and SpoolHeels.Also Baby Doll Pumps in Patent and Gun"Metal. Come to us to be fitted.Phones 3011 Ph(Geo. Mc Williams,The Shoe ManIJSEED CORNREDUCED PRICES ON SUITS.- $25 Suits during, Simon's May Econ-omy Sale at 14.75. rl , .We are selling seed coih that will'grow. Almost perfect germination.Both phones 14. .CHAS. S. BE1NT,& BRO(5 may-3wks)5 VPORCH SHADES.We sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" PorcTT Shades. Theywill please you. -(5-tf) tr&. F. WHEELER CO. ,4vMV' -'rv,-V SXVv , -'L,.rf ;-','f-K"Vt -v7n- r? JA4--."i&N"5.y -LV.v-Vl'?fafyw.j&j0kmtii&ii&i.rfStkJfoi i. '' i fci -i Mwtt i;' 7s . -y v; - ' ;v s - i(t.ixV- r - .-THE .BOURBON - NEWS, rPARIS; KENfUCfeY, MX 8, 1 914--',-mmmmmmmmmammmmmmdammmmimmmwmmmmmmmmiammmmmmmmMmmmammammmmmmmmimmimmnm&ms'W3RS MA3f5fefrrtS&f" -fSOCIAL AND PERSONAL:LOCAL MASONS TO INSTITUTEK. T. COMMANDERY'IN LONDON.HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEPORCH SHADESDr. A. H. Keller and F. L. Lanslevj ' will leave for, London, Ky., to-night! . mv., -U7-' tt ttt-i . ....'. where they will institute' a Knights!whin n - S ng m TemPlar Commandery Saturday night.wasiimgton, D. G. jThe degrees will be conferred upon aMrs. John Gonnell is visiting her i large class. Dr. T.anslpv will eremitesister, -Mrs. Daniel Drennan, in Mays-) the work of the Eminent Commander,lick- (while Dr. Keller will act as Prelate.Dr. Keller will eave London Sundayr-' ' ' I !-T ' Z "&. - . X . '- - 'We' sell the beautiful and service- Mr&. M. H. Dailey,Mvho is confinable "No Whip"- Porch Shades. They ..ed at the Massie Hospital, is improv-' ing., please youv5-tf)I Mrs. Edward Slattery has 'return-: .. -ed from a visit to friends in Mays-STATED MEETING OF PARIS ville.CHAPTER TO BE HELD TONIGHT Mr. C. E. Nippert, of Cincinnati,is here for a visit to his father, Mr. P.A stated convocation or iJaris Chap- Nippert.ler No. 15, Royal Arch Masons, Paris,v., will be held on Friday, the 8tht'ay of May, 1914, at 7:30 o'clock, p 'i, Work in several degrees. jHOTPOINT WEEK, MAY 11-16Introducing the new Electric Stove- one-half the regular price. Oper-ie-on any lamp-socket, and uses ort nary kitchen dishes.PARIS GAS AND EDECTRIC CO.at)ANYTHING YOU WANTWhatever age your boy is, whatfer style, or color, or pattern youvant him to wear , whatever pricejou want to pay, come here. Suits54 up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.DRESS UP TIME IS HEREWe direct your attention to our linecf Blue Serge Suits at 20.J. W. DAVIS & CO.WOODFORD GETS VERDICT INFAYETTE CIRCUIT COURTNine of the twelve jurors who heardtlie evidence and arguments Tuesdayin the Fayette Circuit Court in thesecond trial of the suit of CatesbyWoodford vs. Daniel Morris andClaude M. Morris to recover a sum of$400 alleged to be due ar. a balancefor Atanta, Ga., to attend the NationalShriners meeting and will later go toSelma, Ala., for a visitor to his sister, Mi s. John Lasseter, who he hasnot seen for twenty-seven years.ANNOUNCEMENT.' Col. and Mrs. E. F. Clay have returned from thir winter home" in Eus-!tis, Fla.j ..... . ,, . u, Aiijio icli uiuuuaj 1U1j uieourne, Texas, to visit her sister,Mrs. Loring.Mr. J. Sims Wilson will leavethis week for Pensacola, Okla., on abusiness, trip.Miss Elizabeth Brown has gone toLouisville for a visit with Miss MayL.mcoin Adams.Mrs. L. B. Purnell will leave nextweek for a month's visit to friends inSt. Louis and Kansas City.The Hamilton Guards will meetFriday, May 8, at 3:30 p. m., at theirrooms in the court house.Dr. Martha Petree has returnedfrom Chicago, where she has beencaking a special course in osteopathy.Mrs. Kate Clark and family havemoved to their new home on the corner of Main and Thirteenth streets.Mr. W. K. Griffith is spending his jvacation at points of interest in Tennessee, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Indiana. Miss Margaret O'Meara, of Cincinnati, is here for a visit to her sister, Mrs. Harry Lyons, on Tenthstreet.Miss Gertrude Welsh and Mrs. T.H. Gleason attended the marriage ofMiss Mary Malone, in Cincinnati,Wednesday.Misses Virginia and CordeliaRenick have returned to their homein Winchester after a visit to Mrs.Duncan Bell.Mr., and Mrs. J. S. Gamble haveSimon's May Economy Sale willcontinue until Saturday, May 23.PARIS BOYS ENGAGED. WITH -BRADLEYSTABLE OF RUNNERSon the purchase in 1906 of a thoroughbred colt, returned a verdict in favor returned to their home in Moorefield,of the plaintiff. j W. Va., after a visit to Mr. Gamble'sj sister, Mrs. Laura Cunningham, nearClintonvlle.Mr. J. H. Thompson leaves to-dayFiiie sweet sa-awberries received ,' for a visit to his son, Mr. James W.fresh every day. Phone us your or- j Thompson, who is attending college atSTRAWBERRIES.yJer if vou want the best.T. C. LENIHAN.TOBACCO FERTILIZERWe have the highest grade tobacco..sheville, N. C,! Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive has gone toi Lynchburg, W. Va., and -Washington,D. C, on business connected with theEbenezer Presbytery.Mrs. William Ardery and son,fertilizer on the market. See us before placing your order.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(5-6t) Both phones 14.William, of Paris, spent Tuesday -inPARIS NEGRESS ACQUITTED. OF MURDER IN NICHOLAS.Lexington, with her parents the Rev,' and Mrs. L J. Spencer, and family.Miss Annie Ardery Wright,I daughter of Mr. and Mrs. JohnW.Wright, is quite ill with pneumoniafever, at her home on the Hume andBedford pike.Miss Elizabeth Fisher, the popular teacher in the City School, whowas operated on for appendicitis afew weeks ago, has entirely recoveredfrcr1 "ier U11"5".summer. Her nrst trial resulted ina verdict of voluntary manslaughter,On her third trial on a charge oimurder, Elizabeth Booker was acquitted in the Nicholas Circuit Court.She was charged with shooting andkilling George Price in Heryville last j Mr. Rudolph Davis leaves for Lou-Kimbrough Duvall, son of Mr. andMrs. George Duvall, and "Ted" Merrimee, son of Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Merrimee, both of Paris, left Wednesday,for Lexington, where they securedpositions with the trainers of E. R.Bradley's string of runners, whichwas shipped to Churchill Downs yesterda'. Both of the boys aspire tobecome jocyeys and will begin as exercise boys. It is the hope of theirfriends that they will become prominent as Tod Sioan and "Snapper"Garrison.LOTS IN BARNS ADDITIONDRING SATISFACTORY PRICESThe lot sale in Barns' Addition onSouth Main street, Wednesday, waslargely attended, and the result wassatisfactory to the promoters. Theproperty belonged to Bruce Miller andL. T. Lilleston, and the sale was managed by the real estate firm of Harris& Speakes, George D. Speakes beingthe auctioneer.The first lot was sold to Mr. J. B.Northcott for $502; second to Mrs.James H. Batterton for $472.50; thirdto Mrs. Jesse Bannister for $700;fourth to Mr. James R. Stivers for$405; and the fifth to Mr. Jake Elvove for $175. The fixtures in therestaurant on one of the lots werebought by Mr. John T. Collins for $50.,The lot located at the corner ofMain and Fifteenth streets, which wasalso offered, was owned individuallyby Mr. Lilleston, and was bid to $1,490 and withdrawn.CATHOLIC LEAGUE ENTERTAINSWITH SPELLING MATCH TONIGHTThe Young Ladies' Catholic Leaguewill entertain with a spelling bee attheir hall on High street this eveningat 7:45 o'clock. A prize will be given for the best speller. Everybodyinvited.MOTHERS' DAY WILL BEOBSERVER THE COUNTRY OVERSunday, May 10, is Mothrs' Day, setaside by the whole of North Americato honor universal Motherhood. Thenatural means of expressing its beginning, has taken the form of flowers white flowers for mothers' memory, bright flowers for mothers living.On Mothers' -Day the custom hasStrayed or Stolen !Black mare, right hind foot white,scar on left fore leg above knee.About 16 hands high. Weight 1,300pounds. Suitablereward for information leading to her recovery.' HIRAM MARTIN,(8"2t) Millersburg, K.FOR RENTCottage with four rooms, kitchen, 2porches, garden, waterworks, sewerconnection and electric lights. Centrally located. Telephone 34. (tf)SCHOOL HJOY WANTED.For steady, summer, parttime, easy .work. Must pebright, neatly dressed, and under fourteen years of age.Give references and mentionday and hour when parent willcome wifh boy for interview.Good pay. Splendid training.Write to Box 306, BourbonNews Office.jIIIOWING TO OUR LARGE SPRING BUSINESSWE' WERE FORCED' TO DUPLICATE . .OUR ORDERS ON , JSilks, Challis and 1Wash GoodsHowever, you will find patterns and' styles that aredifferent; values that you will will savare unsurpassed fOur Dress Trimming and Lace StockCannot be equaled in this part of the StateWhen it comes to LACE CURTAINS, DRAPERIES jj,and RUGS we are right there we have the goods, m'o09ftHouse-pleatingTime and HowWe Help!W. Ed Tucker,IParis' Only Exclusive Dr Goods 'Store.If2 ' 43-jS'-frfflf,IjflV ' &ecTo make the work just a little easieh. Look over thislist and see if there isn'tsomething you need:Wall Paper Cleaner, can 10cLiquid Veneer, bottle 25c to50c. , vSulphur Candles, eadh, 10c.Crude Carbolic Acid, pint15c.Household Ammonia, pint15c.Chamois Skins, 25c, 50c, 75c.Sponges, 10c, 15c, 25c.Bugaside kills- bed bugs, 15cWe also carry a completeline of Paints, Varnishes andbrushes.People's PharmacyDoyle Building Sth and :IainBoth Phones"Watch Our Window 'S oi'3i5BrWriTVJ-cJfXs pi-v.ai' ''Th work done byour RepairDepartment is Good, very" GoodIs your watch keeping satisfactory" time? If not';Jbring it in, wecan remedy" the trouble.s We repair Watches' v'Cfocks, cJ&H .Kinds ofJewelry, Spectacles, Etc.cAll work guaranteed.uC. O. HINTONmwherever she may be; of wearingboutonnieres in her memory and- ofsending flowers broadcast with theircheering message.isville this morning where he will attend a banquet by the officials of the--l-.- J- .1 T il. ,1 . . . - i il.. 01which was set. asiue. m um seuuuu Travelers insurance jo. at uie oeei-1 grown 0f sending flowers to "Mother,"trial tne jury disagreed, one aunnt-; back to-night.ted the shooting, but claimed that it' Messrs. Harry Horton, Owen Gibwas accidental. The Booker woman j S0Ilf Harry James, Judge C. A. Mcformerly lived in tiiis city. Milian and. Dr. A. H. Keller, of thisj city, will leave Sunday night' for At-tjtn i imprv sa! r ' iinntn fta.. where they will attend the"" ! National Shrine meeting to be held in ; Mrs. Myall. A delicious luncheon,-vrm;.. ;'..M,. ,.ioori wne ! ti,Qt otv Messrs. Horton and Gibson 1 Wilmoth, Mrs. Frank Kiser, Misses,;?;, RimnnvArov iTnnomvv Sale. I are members of the patrol of Oleika j Rachel Wiggins, Mary Fithian HutchTemple, while Judge McMillan goesas a delegate.Mrs. Edith Alexander Bronstonassai3eseiiduring Simon's M:WOOL!GEO.' WILDER PURCHASES THEG. C. THOMPSON HOMEWe pay highest market -price for , left Tuesday ? for Illinois ; for a visit towool. Get your sacks from us. Both friends. Be re returning h ome Mnbnnoc 14 Bronston will also make a isit topiiones 4. I !n in Minnri.15-Gt) CHAS. S. BKENT & BKU. ""'"rTprrfe 5nn of JailerJos. Farris, is ill of pneumonia at ahospital in Columbus, O. His motheris at his bedside, and reports himslightly improved.Mr. and Mrs. Buckner Woodford,Jr.. have sone to Cleveland, Ohio,nrl-iora thev Will VlSlt Mr. aildTHE J;T. HIINTON CO.iv v,. ......, . ,. - ,,.,,. I ri. -i , t-, a . t j: t..uiaii, vctiuiyn nu&euenj', Liizut; jasper, Elizabeth Crutcher, MarthaFerguson, Corihne Collins, CatherineThomson, Nancy Griffith, Mary Wood-1ford and Belle Horton.consisting of old ham, creme de vo-1laille, fruit salad, wafers, olives, hot Irolls, pineapple ice, coffee and mints, i Jwas served. Those present were IMrs. R. R. Myall, Mrs. John Davis,Mrs. Withers Davis, Mrs. Joe Varden, $Mrs. Edward Prichard, Mrs. CarleyAt the public sale yesterday of the Mr and Irs Buckner Woodford, -saArreia.! puB spuauj oproperty or Mr. u. u. inompson on Jr jiave gone to Cleveland, Ohio, ;isia ts uo aaaii si 'iresuBi ui 8iuoi srq ;Cypress street, the residence was sold ' fl.v -.mi v;sit Mr. and Mrs. a'nBra sbu sjnaX ibj8A9S joi oiiav 'siivj 'to Mr. George Wilder for $4,350. The Miiton c Browning. Before their re- 50 AVauiioj 'a9UU9;i bjjbo J1M 'lot adjoining the residence was knock-1 . the " wu visit n New York. : jed olt at $i)5U to unaries ureen, who j mrlisle Mercurv: "Miss Mary Mc-The Bestarealso purchased the lot adjoining that Majinn who has bcn ill of apoendiof J. W. Bacon, for $650. At the same , itisat the home of her sisicr, Mrs.time the J. W. Bacon lot was offered , R0kert George, is much improvedat auction and after being bid to $615 anQ. was rera0ved to the home of herwas withdrawn. parents in the county, Monday."' I The members of the ProgressiveCONDITION OF MRS. ELLA i Culture Club were entertained Wed-1ISGRIGG DOES NOT IMPROVE ! uesdav afternoon at the home of the J! president, Mrs. Amos Turney, at her!Mrs. Ella Isgrigg, the venerable ; i10me near this city, mis uas uic ,mother of Mr. Dan Isgrigg, who several weeks ago was attacked by a negro burglar at her home in East Paris, and badly choked, grows gradu-jally weaker and .no hopes are entertained for her recovery. Mrs. Isgriggsuffered paralysis of the throat and asevere nervous shock. Her conditionhas been critical for several days.LACE CURTAIN SALE.Lace cm tains at greatly reducedprices during Simon's May EconomySale.SOMETHING FOR NOTHING.One pound of baking powder freewith every pound of Chase & Sanborn's Tea for one week only.(It) C. P. COOK & CCO.SIMON'S ECONOMY SALE.Attend Simon's May Economy Sale . mh. Frank Hazel, Olhome near tins city. n "a " jlast meeting of the club for the year, ,and a very interesting program wasrendered. Mrs. George Stuart, sectary of the club, presented her report,nnd this was followed by a debateI Club Life is a Source of Improvemen,t rrT a .e Tvno " Affirm-and iot a waste ul xm. ....tive, Miss Clara Bacon; negative,Mrs T A. Hendricks. Mrs. W. K.Scott, who attended the State Federation at Louisville two weeks ago,eave a very interesting account of theproceedings of the State FederationMrs A H. Morehead reported that theih w" nle.dzed for $30 toward the.Federation Endowment Fund Afterthe interesting literary progiuiu .gracious hostess served the gueststyith ice cream, strawberries andbeautifully ornamented cakes, inehome of Mrs. Turney. was beautifullydecorated in spring flowers for the occasion. . ..Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Campbell, oft se,r,-iio nnri their guests, Mr. andKoanoKe, vnfifAlwaystheCheapest1HfiH?sp ' v- H 'MilDon't EndangerYourmsmmmtHealth'1With slCheapRefrigeratorTHE ODORLESStwhich continues until Saturday, MayTALBOTT FILES COMMISSION ASMEMBER OF RACING BOARD.T. Hart Talbott, of BourbQn county,filed his commission and qualified before County Clerk Theo. Lewis, Tuesday morning as a member of the StateRacing Commission. Mr. Talbott wasappointed a member of the comniiscinn loct war to succeed the lamented Major F. A. Daingerfield, becom-iing vice-chairman of the commission.Recently he was re-appointed by Gov:McCreary to succeed himself,, and hisappearance Tuesday was to qualifyunder his last appointment. :tXtT.QH tn Paris Saturday, and werethe guests of Mrs. Rebecca Rudisill. atlher home on Soutn nign succu -Rudisill returned with them to Lou,.;u cnnrkv for a weeks visit.Mrs Woodford Daniel was hostess Tuesday afternoon at her home inEast Paris to a pretty party given incompliment to her guest, Mrs. Richard Myall, of Liberty, Mo. Therooms were decorated with quantitiesof lillies, quince blossoms and otherspring flowers arranged in basketsand bowls. Auction bridge was enjoyed and after a number of interesting games the prize, a towel workedin cross stitch, was awarded to Miss.lartha Ferguson, and ' the guest'spr,'o, a dainty collar, was given toKeep aKodak Record.The pictures made so easilywill tell the child story for yearsto come. -We will be glad to explain thesinjple Kodak way in picturemaking it's all by daylight.REFRIGERATORJust Received IN oiv on Display.iitKodaks, $6.00 to $20.00.Brownie Cameras, $1.00 to $12.00.DaughertyBros.You have heard of this greaT Refrigerator. We want you to see them and Sknow what they are. YOUR SATISFACTION IS GUARANTEED.All OdorlestRefrigerators are cased with the most carefully selected. ahd !thoroughly KILN DRIED OAK. not ash stained to imitate oak, but genuine oak i Iitself, the material used in all high.grade Refrigerators and imitated in all others. A iThe Odorless isfclso lined with LINQFELT and it is NAILED m place, and hasto stay where it is put. The Odorless is made in both the White Enamel andthe Porcelain genuine lined. Will you let us show you these great Refrigerators'?If you want a cheaper Refrigerator we have it Come to-day.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36. Undertaking Ambulance Wood MantelsiiHmHitiMtmitiw('?&3' hi-SSStf- - tfc$ r"v""JW"'' 'tif?r VV-THE BOUkeON NEWS' PARIS, KY. MAY, 8, 1941'.& 1FREE ONE WEEK ONLY rONE 25-CT. SANI-GENIC DUSTERCLOTH WITH EACH SANI-GENEC POLISH' "SELF ADJUSTINGXhandle' V y yEETHAT; '.ijlSiSiiiillMTS A. CRCR;OACk2Makes it easy to clean and polish your floorswoodwork and fumikire. Reaches the hard-tojef-at places.C. A. DAUGHERTVWoodland Stock FarmHeadquarters For Draft HorsesBuster B.; Dark. Bay Horse, Weight 1,700.Sired by Imported Glitter 58803.Dam by Imported Queen 41490.$10.00 TO INSURE.BUSTER B. is a coming four-year-oldand a young stallion of marked.size and condition. He is the kindthat will appeal to your fancy and youwill make no mistake in breeding tolim.The Above Horses Will Make the Season of 1914 at Woodland Stock Farm.About 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due whencolt is foaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent.JAen retained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to preventaccidents, but no responsibility assumed 'should any occur.ft 1 M 1 Mi ;i IjUMtHI 1mB . TTO A A 1 I . L T ne aPP''cat,on soothes and heals a rough v. mom HH HbJHKI I A I IA fe A M pimplyskin.and.vlienrepL'ated.quicklyefTectK v)J K EK f m RhK'I m B T H m acure Ec7ema, Erysipelas, Tetter, Ulcers and HI" I 1 I I I I IIB.J 12 II all II Hal V. all skin diseases yield to its curative properties. ILl li Ul IXlwBiQRll 11 I ill llll 1 SOcabox. At all Druggists. jSS UK3 SS Wiaifmtr " ' i I I EHH M Send for frro -sample ind lKK)k. "Ilcilth and Beauty." Ar w ww mi BlaHW rnXXm BOP lllvli joknston, holloway & co., aJT JEfSKJ mr WMM'VriW 1730 spring Garden t., Pha Pa.For Men andBoys.Best Hats at LowestTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. Wolistein, Proprietor.We will have in Paris a Full Stock all Models: We SellPope, Flying Marshall and Day ton.The Joseph Candioto Co. ,151-153-155 North Broadway, Lexington, Ky.Supptces of aJi kiruds.. ,BurleyBlack Percheron; Weight 1760.$10.00 TO INSURE.BURLEY is a splendid specimen ofthe dratt horse and his get haveproved to be of the very best. There Dr. King's New Life Pills keep the fended the parcel post Tuesday in anis a steadily growing demand for the stomach, liver and kidneys in a 0pen letter, characterizing it as anclass of horses produced by Burley, healthy condition. Rid the body of - accelerator of trade between citiesboth upon the farm and in the cities, poisons and waste. Improve your I and farms, and declaring its ratesThey can stand more work than the , complexion by flushing the liver and were based on operating costs in 'bothaverage horse He is 8 years old, a kidneys. "I got more relief from one I the profitable territory,which is debeautiful black, well formed, and of ; box of Dr. King's New Life Pills than fined by the extent of the systems ofthe class that catches the eye. In se-.any, medicine I ever tried," savs C. E.iprivate express companies, and thelecting a horse to breed topick onethe bestwhose produce commandsprice.STERLING HINKSON,I air. Iontnlrw 'miii iw i.uvnriEXCELS? O-I TOOK PE-RU-NAWas Able to Sleep and EatAgainMrs. Muellersays: "J keepFeruna in thehouse constant; ly. When I am' not feeling wellI take a few, doses. It alwaysrestores."I Mrs. Mueller's1 story of her; ex; perience withPeruna fully ex' plains why shei always keepsPeruna on hand.I A few years agoI she was veryMRS. M. MUELLER,P.O. Box 321, Hawley,Wayne Co., Penn.1 sick. The trouble seemed to be thej stomach and liver. She suffered' great pain. "Was unable to get anything toslielp her. She was -growingweaker and weaker. She becametired of life.Somebody suggested that she writeto the Peruna Co. She did so.r Through their advice she began touse Peruna. In a letter from her atthis time she says: "Through theuse of Peruna I have regained myhealth. I took only a bottle and ahalf when I was able to sleep andeat again and my nervousness disappeared." No wonder Mrs. Muellerkeeps Peruna in the house. Undersimilar circumstances Peruna wouldbe in every house in the land.Any one laKing reruna ougnr, zohave a free copy of the "Ills of Life."Address Peruna Co., Columbus, Ohio.People who object to liquid medicines can now obtain Peruna Tablets.A man doesn't worry much about adrink on Sunday until helearns thathis wife forgot to order any beer andthere isn't a bottle in the house. Then Ihe develops a $900,000,000.00 thirst jana wants to go out and throw rocks! at the Gevernment.I KEEP THE BOWELj MOVEMENT REGULAR'Hatfield, of Chicago,111. 25c, atyour druggist's.(May)(adv)Tlie man who refrains frm osyiagwhat he thinks about other men dbesmore tor the cause of peace than allthe Palaces you could build at TheHague.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.Tho Paxton Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.illiibJMbiXJJJUiTREATMENT, ROR CUTWORM- ' IN T03ACC0 BEDS.Complaints are reaching 'the Stationjf injuries by cutworms and flea beetles in tobacco beds. These pests canje controlled very largely by care,first, in preparing the beds, secondly,in keeping them covered and destroying weeds and grass about them, andfinally, when vror3t comes to worst, byspraying the- young plants with arsenate of lead or Paris green.The cutworms are the young of several species of night flying moths, andhave spent the winter in grasses, orweeds, about the beds. The burningof the beds destroys those within thearea burned over, but others lurkamong any vegetation that may beleft immediately about the frames. Abare strip of five feet or more shouldtherefore be left outside the beds, andif muslin covers must be removedthis strip and wooden frames can betreated with creosote, the odor ofwhich will afford some protectionfrom worms disposed to travel acrossthe bare area.If gnawing insects have been allowed to get in the beds, the only thingto do is spray with arsenate of lead,three or four pounds in fifty gallons ofwater, or else use Paris green, onefourth pound in thirty gallons of water, with about a pound of slackedlime added to prevent burning. Thearsenate of lead in the proportion recommended does no harm at all to theplants and requires no lime.The above treatment is to be recommended also for the small brown fleabeetles which sometimes infest thebeds and gnaw numerous round holesin the leaves.The arsenate of lead adheres to theleaves for some time, and shouldserve to protect them from these insects after the plants are set out inthe field, though a second applicationmay be necessary after they are wellstarted.H. GARMAN,Entomologist and Botanist, KentuckyExperiment Station.,.,-.DEABURLESON DEFENDSPARCEL POST !Postmaster General Burleson deunprofitable territory into which theprivate express companies never go.Mr. Burleson was replying 10 uieBuffalo Chamber of Commerce, whichro4lDnr1v ndnnfpd rp.soliitions onnos -ing an increase in the weight limit,on the ground that it would drive express companies .out of business. Mr.Burleson asserted that the companieswould not be driven out of "profitableterritory," unless they were relative -inefficient.FOR A TORPID LIVER."I have used Chamberlain's Tabletsoff and on for the past six yearswhenever my liver shows signs of be-ing in a disordered condition. 1 ney , sidering the geographical envvronhavo always acted quickly and given ment. "Between weakness andme the desired relief," writes Mrs.F. H. Trubus, Springville, N. Y. Forsale by all dealers.(May)(adv)MEXICAN WAR VETS TOMEET AT CH1LLECOTHEThe National and Ohio Associationsof Mexican War Veterans will be heldat Chillecothe, Ohio, June 9-10, 1914.By special invitation of the citizensheadquarters will be at the Mayor'soffice, where the veterans will register on arrival. 'All veterans of the Mexican war,their wives, sons and daughters, andwidows of veterans are cordially requested to attend this reunion.The National Association will continue to meet the Ohio Associationannually until invited to some otherState.The important work of the convention will be the. election of officersand the appointment of a committeeto place the records in the Nationalcapital for safe keeping for futurereference.To Teach Tobacco GrowingLexington Benjamin F. Scherffius,who for several years has been one ofthe fobaccov experts of the KentuckyExperiment Station and College of Agriculture of State University, accompanied by his wife and little daughter, left here on a journey of 16,000miles to Colombo, Ceylon, where hhas been appointed to a lucrative position by theBritish Government to supervise,-theculture of tobacco. Thettle party started from here for NewYork and will stop over for a coupleof days ii WVairgton. From NewYork the pirtv will sail for Southhampton. England. The"? it will takeone of the fast Eart Indian steamersfor fi'e lon ocean voyage. It will beabc V,n middle of June when theyrerh fV,Mr destination. The selection of Prof. Scherffius for this postis "notir feather in the cap of StateUniversity, and this is the second tobacco expert trained at this instituion whose ability for this class ofwork has been recognized by the Brit-isb Government, his brother. W. H.Scherffius, having some time agoheen selected to go to South Africa ona similar mission.Is SicknessA Sin ? a s,n (" mmm m Commissionor a Sin of Omission? Or Both?We transgress Nature's laws, the LiverBtrikes, tneu we omit or neglect untilwe ache or sicken.Loosen the dammed-up bile. Keep itloose with the old time-tried May AppleRoot, (Podopnyllin.) PodOphyllin withthe gripe taken out is calledON THE ROAD TO MEXICOFROM VERA-CRUZ.(FromMexico," byE. Reginald"Hlri iirtliThere are two main-traveled ways;frt TVTvi Tho fire- Hoc oooc tT,stormy waters of the Mexican Gulfto the yellow strands of Vera Cruz,beyond which the "star mountain" ofthe Azecs, Citlaltepeta, (Orizaba, 18.- j250 feet high) rears jts gleamingsnow-cap in the mid-heavens abovethe clouds. It was here that Corteslanded four centuries ago, and it iselers to-day. Here stands Ulloa. thepromontory fortress where more thanone of Mexico's short-lived rulers Ian-guished and died of yellow fever, and...l.j.l- ....i- i- ! n Inof ptln VI rrl "il rt rTWlllUll vvcta Liic iaai 011U115UUIU uiopum. .Dcyuiiu il auoc tuc wjiucBeyond it arise the whitebuildings and towers of Vera Cruz, aaream city, as ueaeiu liuiu cue 5un, vertised a medicine known asof interest and beauty, and to the Brown's Snake Oil Liniment and leftwest are the broad castal deserts. . it for sale with Chas. E. Butler & CoPiled up to the horizon are the wood-! druggists of Paris, Ky. Since thened slopes and canyons of the great Mr Butler has sold hundreds of botSierra Madre, topped by the gleaming ties of this wonderful medicine andOrizaba, towering upward in solitary makes the broad statement that itmajesty. We stand upon a torrid has produced more cures than anvstrand, yet gaze upon an icy moun- medicine that was ever sold throughtain. his drug store.One of the most remarkable rail- jways in the world ascends this steep Last Court Day Mr. Brown introzone, and serpentines among sheer duced on the streets, through Mr."descents to gain the summit of abrupt Butler's drug store, a medicine knownescarpments from which a remarka- as Brown's Native Herbs in Liquidble feature of the eastern" slope of Form, and a great many bottles wereMexico the traveler looks down into sold under a positive guarantee thatanother coluntry and climate, upon it would cure all forms of Stomachthose tropical valleys and which he Trouble, Constipation, Catarrh, Indihas left below. This is the Mexican gestion, Dyspepsia, Water Brash,Vera Cruz railway. Rising from the Rheumatism, Kidney and Bladdertierra caliente, or hot land, a tropical Chills and Fever, Diseases commonregion of dense vegetation, of jungle to Women,and lagoon, where there are theshores woods and groves teeming Jts introduction into every commuwith animal and vegetable life, the nity has been followed by some ofroad enters the more temperate zone, the most remarkable cures. Brown'stierra templada, extending upward to- Native Herbs in Liquid Form isward the Great Plateau. The limit of guaranteed to cure Constipation. Inthis climate zone is at nn eleva'"" " digestion, and to set the stomach6,000 feet above sea level. Rising right. It matters not of how longrnniriiv tiiP.np.fi uD to and over the e&- standing the disease may be. Ir ati narnments of the Sierra Madre andi the high plains, we enter upon theI tierra fria, or cold lands, rangingi nnn i. o Ann . K,r !-, cooirom D,UUU to c,uuu leet iiuuvc liic au.level Above this rise the mgn sum-mits of the Mexican Cordilleras, withtheir culminating peaks, some few ofwhich penetrate the atmosphereabove the limit of perpetual snow. , can go back to Mr. Butler and he willThe earliest railway of Mexico, give you your dollar just as cheerthat from Vera Cruz to the City of fully as he takes it. Brown's NativeMexico, traverses the country in the Herbs in Liquid Form and Brown'smost difficult direction, transversely, Snake Oil Liniment, remember, arerising from tide u ater and the Atlan- sold under a positive guarantee. Try?o Httnmi find useendinir the steep it today.MnnrnmmL nt the Eastern Sierra '; ,. , .. , , t n lnk valj . . .n :nfrnrr m,tidP r.ivili. '. . .' . , r , .x 1,1zation to that isolated interior world.But Mexico's singular topographicelnnsiHnn has not secured her from invasion. Three times the city on thelnUp has fallen to foreign invadersJ SDaniards of the Conquest, the1 Fren( of Napoleon and tne Ameri-. . T-r .i.T r-.j.i. t !l !--.cans 01 tne umiea sLauea. muccu, uic, flat and arid table-land stretcningawayto tlie north was formerly amore noint natural aeiense man tneCordilleran heights which front onthe Atlantic seas, and the axiom 01j Lerdo in well brought to mind in con-strength, the desert!"Old Coins Found.Princeton While plowing in a'pld on the farm of Joseph Scott inthe Scottsburg vicinity of this coun- SULPHUR DRfES UP ECZEMAty, Nelson Darnall, aged about twenty- AND STOPS ITCHINGfour years, unearthed nearly 200 in 'silver coin, besides some foreign coins This Old Time Skin Healer is Usedof varying denominations. The mon-j Just Like Any Cold Creamey consisted of an number of pieces,ranging in denomination from a dime t With the first application of boldto a dollar, but consisted mostly of sulphur cream the angry "itching athalf dollars. The dates on the coins tending any eczema eruption ceasesranged from 1796 to 1830. It is said and its remarkable healing powersthat several of the coins have a pre-. begin. Sulphnr, saj-s a renownedmium value, and that one of them, a j dermatologist, just common bold-sul-halfdollar, is worth $50. An inter-1 phur, made into a thick cream, willesting feathre of the case is that j soothe and heal the skin when irriten years ago another man, plowing in jtated and broken out with Eczemathe "same field, unearthed about $400 j or any form of eruption. The moin silver coins. ment it is- applied all itching ceases.Many a- good woman spends anhour rigging on her trotting harnessand compressing a 48-inch waist intoa 36-inch straight-jacket so she canattend a meeting and indignate aboutthe foolish heathens who wear ringsin their noses.Sit down and figure it out and yonwill find that if you had left unsaidtwo thirds of what you said duringthe day the world would have beenjust as well off.We do not claim to be an oracleAs a rule you will find that thesort of men who know nothing ofmathematics are the greatest successu multiplying the census.mKr Vwm Year DtiTHwyfirfMfm " Tomr Graai-Dfti. HBBZVttm . w- -- wmTmyAZjm mP All used May -Apple MmWVJM MRoot to release the WmTJjYM mbile from tne liver. wWJ&f &n wm It enped those days" mSV Killbut in the PODOLAX TtSL Jl M. formula the. gripe has QifiyT kV,. been taken out. Onr kBuy It and try It. jy1The Man Whoft'&'Pii lie "pf"h lAJi-l-r1 " AAi TT J. ll.lvHiTnis ringers.' ''LrS ? Bnnv?! the man who used:inS" ,o?,i Wltn is. niJfeis nk sales d ays at Pans, Ky., andv 0rk was the talk of the ole"jast iaii this Saitifi TUr Tcame to Paris on Court Day and ad-the same time tones up the entirenervous system, gives strength andvigor to those who are weak, sick andnprvniis To nrnvp nil this wc qoI--- - - . -.w ..- .. k,.)ou to 50 uuu nave a iuik wun lur.Butler at his store, buy a bottle of theNative Herbs, and if it is not just asrwe recommenci ana aaveruse it. youSICK HEADACHE.Mrs. A. L. Luckie, East Rochester,N. Y., was a victim of sick headache-and despondency, caused by a badlyweakened1 and debilitated condition ofher stomach, when she began takingChamberlain's Tablets. She says: "Ifniinrl Tiom nloeonf In 4oI-q oln mtlrl-.- w lu t., av umu"" eueuuve. 111 a iev weess ume 1was restored to my fprmer good"coim. rUt saic uy a.11 ueaieit.(May) (adv)If all those who have sworn off as-buyers when it is their turn, wouldswear off as drinkers, the Prohibitionists would elect the next President.''Lots of men remind you of somecigars. You can see the Domestic,filler under the imported wrapper.and after two or three applicationsthe Eczema disappears, leaving theskin clear and smooth.He tells Eczema sufferers to getfrom any good pharmacy an ounce ofbold-sulphur cream, and apply .it tothe irritated, inflamed skin, the sameas you would any cold cream."For many years this soothing, healing sulphur has occupied a secure position in the treatment of cutaneousaffections by reason of its parasite-destroyingproperty. It is not only parasinoidal, but also antipruritic, antiseptic and remarkably healing in allirritable and inflammatory conditionsof the skin. While not always establishing a permanent cure it neverfails to instantly subdue the irritation and heal the Eczema right upand it is often years later before anyeruption again appears on the skin.(dv)Quickly relieve "Rhnnmatlna. Sore 3Inn-Cles. Keuraliria. Backache. Headache znran pains. Jtour money back ii it laiia :...heva anr ache in anv uart of the .j1fifteen minutes time.jrnce DVc. JLt All Druggists.Free iixople and circular lent on reque:.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY,342 East Main St., Lexington.fr$3 -t5vv.I ?or saja by ftM Druggists.-1-V.4 rfewIT',:--!i'--" t-.N'tt .A-, J. Atft.Tf Jlttftki 0,. ,-iatir;l--T-.irMllt-MTail lii'f.nTr. iirnJ-f'T".- 'n'vjJ-"i T1HE BOURBON Nl?WS,-PARIS,. KENTOgKt, MAY 8' 191,4.X-.- mk2&oLIGHTNING A PROLIFICSOURCE OF FOREST FIRESfT ft3& JM IT (IJ5!Jin " fl ft ft flaas"i""Tli "ftGrandma's Telephone VisitsGRANDMA SMITH is a sprightly oldlady who likes to keep in touch withthings. In the next town lives anotherdear old lady who was Grandma's schoolmate,and of whom she is very fond. It is impossible for the two old ladies to do much visiting, but every day they call each other up onthe telephone and have the most delightfulchats.No one gets more comfort and pleasure outof the family telephone than Grandma.When you. telephone smileCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyINCORPORATED.nPUBUMWI MtTjmfctg5BORLAND'SQ9mThe Maine of Good Wall PaperWALL PAPER TALK No.j),There's a wealth of character and individuality aboutBorland's wall papers that make them highly appreciatedthey are so different from the ordinary kind.. Yesterday in wall papers has passed. To arouse thebuying appetite of the progressive home owner of to-dayrequires a, line abreast of the times.You will be surprised and delighted to see the wonderfully beautiful designs and colorings in the new styles,the intermixture of the most attractive goods from America's fifteen most prominent factories.If convenient for you to call, we will take positivedelight in showing you through the line.LOOK US UP!514 Main St., Next to Mrs. Mamie Parker.TELEPHONE 159ti9mWG99G9V9G9Wt Pans Odorkss Cleaning Co. tExhaustive inquiry has establishedthe fact that lightning ranks next torailroads as a source of forest fires.Forest officers say that the increasing care with fire on the part of therailroads and the public generallytends to make lightning the largestsingle contributing cause.This .statement represents a changeof view from that held less than a decade ago in this country, when forest journals gravely argued whetherlightning caused forest fires, thougt itwas known that trees were the objects most often struck. Trees aresaid to be oftenest struck simply because they are so numerous, and extending upward they shorten the distance between the ground and theclouds; further, their branches in theair and roots well into the earth invite electrical discharges.While certain trees are said to invite lightning, and others to be immune from stroke, it seems to be afact that any kind of tree will bestruck, and the most numerous treespecies in any locality is the one mostlikely to sucer.Other things being equal, lightningseeks the tallest tree, or an isolatedtree, or one on high ground. A deeprooted tree is a better conductor thana shallow-rooted one, and a .tree fullof sap, or wet with rain, is of coursea better conductor than a dry one.T.jightning sets fire by igniting thetree itself, particularly when it isdead, or partly decayed and punky. orbe igniting the dry humus or duff atits base. The forest soil, when, driedout, ignites readily, because it ismade of partly decayed twigs andleaves, and it can hold a smoulderingfire for a considerable period. It isprobable that most of the lightningset fires start in the duff.In the mountains of Southern California, Arizona and New Mexicothere are likely to be each year anumber of electrical disturbancesknown as "dry thunder storms." Theycome at the end of the long dry season, and being unaccompanied byrain are very likely to start manyserious fires. For this reason the forest service has to keep up its maximum fire fighting strength in thoseregions until the rains are fully established. In the plans and organization for fire fighting the serviceaims particplarly to catch these unpreventable lightning-set fires at thetime they start.I H WOMAN i W fl 1 fX .. ---.As Lydla E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound DispelledBackache, Headachesand Dizziness.ALABAMA U. S. JUDGESHIPIS OFFERED TO CLAYTON.The appointment of RepresentativeH. D. Clayton to be United StatesJudge for Northern Alabama is readyat the White House to be sent to theSenate. Mr. Clayton is chairman ofthe Judiciary Committee, and if seniority is followed Representative E. Y.Webb, of North Carolina, author ofthe Webb liquor law, will succeedhim. He is expected to bring out theprohibition bill at this session if hebecomes chairman of the committee.The appointment of Mr. Claytonmeans that Representative R. Y.Thomas, Jr., will rank fourth on judiciary. Mrs. Clayton was formerly ofGeorgetown, Ky.WARNING TO HAVE MAINE SEEDPOTATOES RE-EXAMINED.1Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your' clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked-.to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c;'saggerOn account of recent discovery ofviolations of the Maine quarantineregulations, all purchasers of Mainerfeed potatoes are warned to havetheir stock examined by the State expert, before planting. Unscrupulousshippers, it is learned, have beensending diseased potatoes to NewYork, Boston and other points, wherecertificates of inspection have beenfraudulently attached to the bags.While in general the Maine authorities have endeavored to see that nonebut sound potatoes left the State, certain inspectors have been negligentand have certified diseased stock.The Department has, therefore, advised buyers to disregard all certificatesissued hitherto.Piquar-Ohio, "I would be very ungrateful if I failed to give Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound thep r a i s e it deserves,for I haves taken itat different timesand it- always relieved me whenother medicinesfailed, and when Ihear a woman complain I always recommend it. Last winter I was attackedwith a severe case of organic weakness.I had backache, pains' in my'hips and.over my kidneys, headache, dizziness,lassitude, had no energy, iraiDs acneaand I was always tired. I was hardlyable to do my housework. I had takenLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound on one other occasion, and it hadhelped me so I took it again and it hasbuilt me up, until now I feel like a newwoman: You have my hearty consentto use my name and testimonial in anyway and I hope it will benefit sufferingwomen." Mrs. Orpha Turner, 431 S.Wayne St., Piqua, Ohio.' Women who are suffering from thosedistressing ills peculiar to their -sexshould not doubt the ability of Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to restore their health.3f you want special advicewrite to Lydia E. Pinlcham Medicine Co., (confidential) iiynn,Mass. Xonr letter will be opened,read and answered by a womanand lield in strict confidence.I:ile H o.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Kentucky. X'Lace Curtains andHouse Draperies,COUNTY COURT DAYS.Below is a list Of the days CountyCourts are held each month in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawreceburg, 3d Monday.Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, lc Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Breathitt, Jackson, 4th Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, .Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Henry, Newcastle, 1st Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, md Monday.- Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st MondayMontgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Monday. Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday.Oldham, Lagrange, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Pendleton, Falmoi.tn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wayne, Montecello, 4th' Monday.Woodford, Versailles. 4th Monday.mmmmBsMM II i tw m aA DSa. -V) qqrauan'nala 'HTwin Bros.Department StoreCheerfully wish to haveyou inspect their splendid stock of Ladies'Spring Suits, Coats,.-Skirts, Waists, Dresses,Shoes, Millinery, Gloves,Corsets, Muslin UriHer-. wear, etc.Also beautiful assortment of Drygoods, Silks,Dressgqods, Laces, Hamburgs, etc. We are soleagents for the celebratedW. B. Corsets, and famous Bon Ton Corsets,Dents' celebrated Ladies'Gloves. The ' popularPictorial Patterns.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)When a married couple "dear" and"pet" one- another when they are outin company it is a sign that they willstart cussin' one another as soon asthe door closes when they get home.A new metal can stand a strain of1,000 tons to the square inch. Shucks!Any fat woman's straight ' front canbeat that.When Father is up at the Dutchman's Place winning ball games, saving the Panama Canl and whippingMexico, he he knows he isn't wastingtma sitting in a rocker doing fancywork.Games are not for city yards, beautiful birds as they are, and almost human in their ways. They are greatvagrants, require a roof as well as4iigh walls to their quarters to keepthem at home, and the youngsters willfight almost as soon as they are outof the shell. On the range they makea most delightful bird showy, graceful, stately and of pleasing color.They possess the finest kind of flavorwhen cooked.The passing of Easter ushers in the Season of Spring,the rejuvenating of nature which inspires us with thespirit of renewing and remodeling our Home Environment.Newly papered rooms call for Window Drapery, whetherit be Lace Curtains or the more pretentious Damask Curtains, or perhaps a combination of both Lace with sunfastoverdrapes, sideropes, vallances is a matter for .you andthe expert draper to decide upon. We are at your servicewith our advice as well as our stock ofi2iIiHouse Dx apings 'Specialties in Marquisettes and Scrims at attractive J,.prices. Novelties in cretonnes from 15c a yard up. Up- Jholstery materials in the greatest variety and at lowest Jprices. Lace edges andGuimps of every style and, tomatch all materials; 3,000 yards of 40-inch wide Scrim in Itwhite and cream at 12 l-2c a yard. This article compares .favorably with the usual 25c quality. New willow f urni- Xture pieces and new lamps continually received. i'Call for our booklet entitled ''Draping the Home,"WolftWile & Co.XJ or 'merit Jijsumanj Straus 5c Co,ington,y-frLENIHAIVS1CashSpecials'T1Z'FIXES TIRED,SORE, SWOLLEN FEETELGINBOARD OF TRADECOMBINATION DISSOLVEDKINDLY CALL ATTW1II. BIOS. Depaint Sie,Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.The Government's decree in theanti-trust case against the Elgin(Illinois) Board of Trade was enteredbefore Federal Judge Landis. In accepting the decree Judge Landis declared that the action in which thememebrs of the Board of Trade directorate acquiesced marked the end ofthe "coloration of butter prices."The case was dismissed against themembers of the American Associationof creamery butter manufacturers,originally joined as defendants withthe Elgin Board.By the terms of the decree the Elgin Board of Trade and its membersare permanently enjoined fro mfurther engaging in the combination orconspiracy charged in the bill. Someof the principal requirementsof the decree are that the Elgin Board shallnot appoint any person, persons orcommittee to fix or suggest price ofbutter. That it shall cease to maintain a Quotation Committee or otheragency wheih shall fix the pfice ofbutter. That it shall refrain fromquoting or publishing any figures purporting to be the market price unlessthey are actually obtained on theboard by bona fide sales.Other methods of determining theprices at which butter should be soldare baTred by the decree.The entering of the decree does hotprevent the Government from reopening .the cae should the provisions ofthe court's rule be not obeyed. - -Good-bye sore feet, burning feet,swollen feet, sweaty feet, smellingfeet, tired feet.Good-bye, corns, callouses, bunionsand raw spois. Nomore shoe tightness, no more limpng with pam or"'rawing up yourface in agony"TIZ" is magical,acts right o ff."TIZ" draws outall the poisonousexudations whichpuff up the feet.Use "TIZ" and formisery. Ah! howcomfortable your .feet feel. Get a 25cent box of "TIZ" now at any druggistor department store. Don't suffer.Have good feet, glad feet, feet thatnever swell, never hurt, never gettired. A year's foot comfort guaranteed or money, refunded.(No. 1-fri)JwlgetIyour25 lb..sack H. & E. Sugar.. . . r $1.25"' (With a three dollar purchase)Large size can Tomatoes 10c3 cans Baby BuntonCorn 25cPride of Illinois Corn -. . ...10c 'Cracked Rice, per lb ; . . .v. . . 05cFancy Head Rice, per lb ' 10c2 cans Cu-Tu-No Red Salmon 35cPalm Brand Peas, per can. 10cFox Lake Peas Per can 15cSugar Loaf Peas, per can 20c-Bulk Coffee, per lb 20c 'LANCASTER PRIDE FLOUR25-pound sack 80c50-poundsack r $1.55100-pound sack 3.00iStone's Wrapped Cakes Received Fresh Daily.Every .now and then you will run upagainst the sort of man who willshort-change a newshoy out of a nickeland drop the nickel in the collectionplate on Sunday and imagine that hehas paid his fare to Heaven.ri ssssrr sktilLT.C.LlllAn.Cash Grocery.ft Both Phones 234J7,b?Npahu&EYE SiGOOD FOR THE SYE5- AND EYES-ONLYEAGLE JESYES?Do yon tbinh ttoat watery, matteryeyes are natural?' Do you believethat styes, granulated lids, poorsigkt, .g?owfhs, are natural? UseEAGL.E EYE SAI.VE and yon naveEagle Eyes again.For Safe- by All Druggist.HET&L SHINGLESAre StormproofThey interlock and overlap in such a way that the hardest drirm rain or sifting snow cannot possibly get under them. 'Besides this they last indefinitely, and never need repairs.Another point They're very reasonable in first cost. Yotf canlearn all about them from x$HAWKINSIS, iVniersbprg, Kentucky. , ,4i-i i? . m&.-.' ' ' . " W' , V,h74.s'" THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JMAY 8,. 191 4, -tsjsggWWog5oeftwae-"- - Is fhn Choicest Pickings oUhe best .m- .Mqw .. Why pay more. . Noted the WnriH ?Mm w c I mm I v, . , b m - I m w SB aL S k m floyer as the Best. Packed !reshOB --" BPwm S noted for its fine flavor and delevery day, in sanitary sealed car Jions. For sale fay all Grocers at 307 T P A icate Aroma, lry it ioaay. forTEAsale by all ijrocers. j ,cents per pound. Save the Coupons Jfc. . ' a.-stifraga;3gsag$;3aaa3as3ssecfr$socaess3$etcmmmM;A T --Tljt Mtfrfrl'lCX2M2C,I,I,,l,'tfrStory of John Champe.- -L ti-m - J. 11jv5h,v,,Cvvv'?C,,v44'44- TNOTE The story of Ser--seant John Cliampe, as told in- he fallowing, was published4 ia a .Norfolk, Va.f paper many4 ears ago, and the original is- low in tbe possession of Swift- Cbampe, of this city. "Lee's-4 ?remoirs," an old volume pub-- nsked in Philadelphia in 1790,- tane cf which is in the posses--fr sion of Capt. Jas. R. Rogers,3f Cane Ridge, this county,- .sivc pages to the heroism of- -his member of the Continent-- al Aimy, who was selected by- Sen. Washington to under-- take the task of capturing Ben-- edict Arnold, the arch traitor.- Champe abhorred the ideaof deserting the army of hiscountry even in an pffort to''perform a duty, which, if sue-zessful, would be used as anexample. The honor con'er-el upon him above si jii r.rfliers appealed to his lov.iiiy.The adventure was uusuocess-'uirbut the heroism of Champevill live forever in thf heartf every true American. As-tated in the narr?ti"2 follow-ng. after the close of the Rev-solution lie moved to Kentucky,alazing the trail with Daniel3oone, and it -was in this Stateie flied.. Champe familiesthroughout Kentucky cantrace their lineage to this herod the Revolution.'the "pioneers of Loudoun County,Tsl, were courageous people, of strongwO power and were actuated by a3cfty purpose, that of securing a home.They were not attracted by worldlygy.TT. Tlieir first great desire seemedto ave Been to secure a home whereJSe7 could rest under their own vinesail fig tree. To them the home was"She nucleus round which the Stategrew that later developed and broad32d into the nation. Thus the early2icne "builders of Loudoun County-?T& nation builders as well. ThelieKr of this sketch was no exception-to this rule, except that lie was a,"310s more venturous, and perhaps-warlike.John C. Champe was born in Loud--tiCounty, Va., in 1757, the same-jeer that the county was formed and.rs75nty-five years after the first set-re-eathe name Loudon, and justtisrs located. Nothing is known of"liis feoyhood days, but it is safe to assinne lie grew up as hundreds of other"bDj-s did at that period; his educationm Wmmm9SGreatest Economics in New Spring and Summer Footwear ;for MenWomen and ChildrengA Splendid Assortment of this Season's Most PopularStyles iind Best Qualities at Record-Breaking PricesLadies' Colonial and Strapless Pumps, $4.00values, at -. - $2.99Ladies' Patent Pumps and;, Oxfords, 3.50values, at ' ( . ' 2.49Ladies' Colonial and Mary Jane Pumps, $3.00values, at :.: 1.99Ladies' 'Pumps and Oxfords in Patent andGun Metal, 32.00 valuesT at 1 .49'Ladies' Oxfords and Pumps,and$4.00 values, air..Masses' and Children's Mary.Patent .Leather and Gun3D -A-3ST C O H 33 3ST 7 SGreatest Shoe Store;m Where Beauty and Economy Reignsm. M ' . -. u- .was limited to the ability of his partents to give him private instructionas there were neither public or private schools in the county at thatearly period. When he grew largeenough, probably assisted his fatherin clearing the forest around the cabin home. The early county recordsfail to show the location of the cabinhome, but it was probably near Waterford on the road to Clarks Gap,near Catoctin Church, and is said tobe still standing.The records in the War Departmentat Washington show John Champe tohave enlisted in 1776, in his 19thyear, as private in Capt. Harry Lee(Light Horse Harry) Company offirst ight Dragoons Continental TroopHe was first mustered for pay in November, 1777, and was transferred toLee's Legion and appointed CorporalApril 7, 1778, and promoted to Sergeant Major January 1, 1779. Thesame records also state he was Order-!ly Sergeant. His name also appearson a roll bearing date of August 25,1783, at Council Chamber Continental ICongress as door-keeper and sergeant-at-arms.At that date ContinentalCongress appears to have adjournedfrom Philadelphia on account of riotsand reconvened at Trenton, N. J.Sergeant John Champe had been ascout for Washington's Army and hadmade a brilliant record; but perhapshis greatest daring exploit was hiseffort to capture the arch-traitor," Benedict Arnold, who, like Judas, sold hisbirthright for a mess of pottage, inthe beginning of the Revolutionarystruggle. Arnold had been one ofWashington's best Generals; he wasbrave to recklessness, but an unscrupulous tyrant. He had been severelywounded on more than one field, forwhich Continental Congress had madehim a Major-General; he had beendetected in forgeries on commisarydepartment, and by a court martial inDecember, 1779, was convicted andwas severely reprimanded by Washington. Arnold confessed and bitterlyrepented and pleaded poverty as thecause, but expressed unbounded patriotism in the American cause and wasgiven command of the valuable fortress of West Point on the Hudson.He had hardly gotten warm in hisnew position before he secretlyopened correspondence with Sir Henry Clinton, the British Commander,and proposed to surrender the American fortress at West Point to theBritish for 10,000, about $50,000 andto receive a -general commission inthe British army. By the capture ofMajor Andre, a British spy, with papers that revealed the treacherousplot, the damnable scheme was miscarried. Andre was convicted andSATURDAYSHOE BAR6AIsamples, $3.001.493ane Pumps in.Metal $2 value at . 1 .49hung Oct. 2, 1780, and Benedict Arnold deserted and fled to the Britishcamp in New York City where he Avasplaced in command of New YorkCity, then a city of about 12,000" inhabitants. The British magnified theimportance of Arnold's treachery,claiming it was the disintegration" ofWashington's Army, that'others wouldfollow Arnold's example, who were enjoying Washington's confidence, andstated that Gen. Gates -was planningdesertion also. Gen. Washington received this information with considerable allowance and was endeavoring to counteract it by the capture ofthe treacherous Arnold, he immediately sent for Col. Lee "(Light Horse Harry), and stated to him his desire forthe capture of Benedict Arnold, andasked Col. ee to make a detail ofone of his most reliable commissionedofficers to report to his headquartersat once for instructions. Col. Leestated his command doubtless contained a commissioned officer capableof such a mission, but if the Generalwould allow him he would be pleasedto suggest the name of a Sergeant ofdragoons of muscular build, quick action with a nerve of steel, cool headedand brave unt6 death, who he believed would fill every requirement of 'thecommander. General Washingtonasked the sergeant's name, his weightand age, the county and State he wasfrom, with record of service.Col. Lee replied his name was Sergeant John Champe, 23 years old, anda native of Loudoun county, Va.,andenlisted 1776, and "There, that willdo, Maj. Lee," interrupted Washington. "I know Sergeant Champe; he isjust the person wanted, I am surprised that I did not think of him myself,order him to report to me at once."Sergeant Champe responded to orderswhen General Washington, Col. Leeand Sergeant Champe were seated together in the General Headquarters.General Washington unfolded hisscheme to capture Benedict Arnold,as follow)Sergeant Champe feign desertionfrom the American army and makehis way to the British Headquartersin New York City and enlist in Arnold's command, and at the first opportunity capture Benedict Arnoldand bring him to General Washington's Headquarters alive. The detailsof which were to be left to the judgment of the Sergeant.Sergeant Champe sat with bowedhead in silence meditation of themighty responsibility so suddenlythrust upon him, but arose and saluted the commander with, the remark,General I would have preferred thatyou would had selected someoneelse for the hazardous mission, but Ishall endeavor to obey your orders.Maj. Lee gave Sergeant Champethree English guineas and bade himgood night, the Sergeant mounted hishefrse and departed in a drizzling rainstarted in the direction of New York.The American pickets were soon encountered. The Sergeant put spursMen's Tan Oxfords, rubberand Beacon, in all lasts,Men's Tan and Gun MetalEnglish last, atMen's High Shoes and Oxfords, in Tan andGun Metal, best makes, at $3.50 and 2.99Men's Oxfords and High Shoes, button andlace, 13.00 values, at... r 1.99Boys' Patent and Gun Metal Oxfords, $2.50 . vvalues, at . . 1 .49White Canvas Shoes andto his horse and dashed throughbushes to the river's brink abandoned'his stud and spring into the waterand was soon picked up by a Britishgallery that was patroling the river.The Sergeant was put under arrestin the hold of a vessel until morningwhen he was conducted to the Adjutant General's office, when he wasquestioned at great length, a report ofthe case was made and a guard calledand conducted the prisonre to theHeadquarters of Sir Henry Clinton,when the American deserter wasquestioned carefully, particularly regarding the reported defection inWashington's army. Sir Henry Clinton made' a report of the questionsand answers of the American desertter and referred the case to BenedictArnold when almost a repetition -wasgone through, Sergeant Champe adhering "with, great exactness to hisstory of desertion. Arnold informedSergeant Champe he was recruiting aArnold Legion and invited the Sergeant to enlist giving him the rank ofSergeant, but Champe deserted because he was tired of a soldier's lifeparticularly, because he had beenpoorly paid and poorly fed, and hewould prefer not to enlist if he couldget other employment. Gen. Arnoldassured the Sergeant that -in case hedid not enlist his sincerity would bequestioned and that he would be liable to be arrested and put in prisonand at hard labor for life. SergeantChampe stated he might possibly cunsent to enlist if his services would beconfined to duty at Headquarters orin New -York. Arnold assured theSergeant he could arrange that andthat he would be pleased t ohave himat Headquarters. Sergeant Champereluctantly consented to enlist anddonned the British red coat and beganto make arrangements to carry out hisorders from General Washington. Atthat time there were many persons inNew York who were intensely loyalto the American cause, and were fullyaware of Arnold's treachery, and quietly denounced it in unmeasuredterms. General Washington had given Sergeant Champe the names ofsome of those who he could confide infor co-operation; he soon found theiracquaintance and secured the servicesof two stalwart patriots who countedit a pleasure to risk their lives in thecause of the liberty loving colonists,'operate, in any effort to capture thej,rch traitor Arnold. It was Arnold'scustom, going trom his neaaquariersto his residence after night to passthrough his garden, and the nightagreed upon, Champe and two confederates were to be secreated there andseize Arnold, gag and tie him andcarry him to the river where a boatwas in waiting to convey them to theJersey shore at Hoboken where a detachment of Light Horse Harry'sDragoons were to be in waiting, Sergeant Champe having previously written Col. Lee to meet him at a certainnight at 2 a. m.taauaKMSMorr (PmmoKMlI1soles, Walkoverat$4.004.00Oxfords, in theSlippers at Lowest PricesHad5 i uf " jrTTI 'w, flThe evening the kidnapping was to 'blacker and the wind howled r -occurSir Edward Clinton ordered a shrieked along the heavens, but maaforward movement of the army and heeded not the elements. Thafcchanged Arnold's headquarters and i night's battle was terrific and suhlimr,placed him in charge of the embarking of troops to sail South, Arnold'sLegion in which Sergeant Champehad enlisted, was ordered to be placedon board a vessel and the next morning sailed for Norfolk, Va., where theyarrived early in January, 1781. Arnold's Legion -was ordered to report toLord Conwallis, near Pittsburg, Va.Benedict Arnold was ordered to returnto New York and assigned to anothercommand, while Arnold's Legion, including Capt. Cameron's company, inwhich Sergeant Champe was temporarily enlisted, was ordered to NorthCarolina.The supreme object of SergeantChampe's mission having failed, forwant of opportunity, he lost no timein extricating himself from a situationin which he had been placed by thefickle fortunes of war, and swhile hiscompany was on the march to NorthCarolina he again deserted and rejoined Gen. Green's command of. theContinental Army, then confrdntingLord Cornwallis near the Carolinaborder. Gen. Green had previouslybeen informed of the mission of Sergeant Champe and of course gave himhearty welcome and at the same timeobtained some valuable informationconcerning the strength and maneuvers of the British Army of which theSergeant had been a special student.General Green presented the Sergeant with a fine horse and escortand ordered him. to report to GeneralWashington. The Sergeant's escapadehad become now well known in boththe Ameiican and English armies.The English declared that if he wasever captured he should be jibited in secured a home. The Society of thethe most cruel manner, and in view of j Daughters of the American Revoluthese circumstances Washington gave , tion of Virginia should endeavor tohim an honorable discharge. J locate the cottage of Sergeant ChampsSergeant's Champe's investigation j and have a suitable monument erectwhile in Arnold's Legion completely ; ed therein, the expense of whichexhonorated Gen. Gates from alleged . would be borne by the Government,implication of Benedict Aronld's Our authority tells us that Sergeanttieachery. (Champe went to Giles County, WestAfter the war Benedict Arnold went Virginia, and died there about 180S.to England and received about $31,-500 in cash for his treachery and wasbesides the recipient of public disgustand ostracism, amounting admost tonothing. Money could not buy happiness. He died in 1796 in Londonunhonored and his name unsung.His extra hazardous service for theAmerican cause had endeared him tosome special recognition, and at therecommendation of Gen. Washington,Sergeant Champe was given the position of doorkeeper or Sdrgeant-at-Armsof the Continental Congressthen in session at Trenton, New Jersey, but this position was not congenial to Sergeant Champe, whosestrenuous nature demanded a moreoutdoor life, and on the adjournmentof Congress he returned to LoudounCounty and married the lady of hischoice and began farming near Dover, about three miles north of Mid-dleburg, Va., but being of restless nature moved to near Leesburg, andfinally removed with his family toKentucky, where he is said to havedied in 1797. Like Daniel Boone heblazed the way of cizilization throughthe wilderness for civilization to follow. The 4th of March, 1797, JohnAdams was inaugurated President ofthe United States, his administrationwas handicapped from the beginningby foreign complications, the countryhad onlj partially recovered from thetremendous sacrifices made to secureour independence from the mothercountry.France was smarting under the disappointment of not being able todraw the United States into the warbetween France and England, and hadgiven the American Embassador, Mr.Pinckney, his passport from Paris andwould not renew negotiations untilthe American Government should payFrance a quarter of a million dollarsas a kind of a bonus to secure peace.Mr. Pinckney jrew eloquent with indignation and disclosed that the United States had "millions for defense,but not one cent for tribute."American commerce was now assailed upon the high seas,, practically a declaration of war and so accepted. Gen. Wshington was again placedin command of the army. Col. HarryLee was put in command of the cavalry. General Washington wrote Col.Lee to have Sergeant Champe againcalled into service and to be placed atthe head of a cavalry command. Acourier was despatched to Loudoncounty, who soon returned with theinformation there obtained that Sergeant Champe had emigrated to Kentucky and died there in 1797. AnAmerican Navy of 6 frigates and privateers, under command of Commodore Truxton, was ordered to sea.The American flag ship Constellationattacked the French ship Insurgent onthe high, seas, and a naval battle ensued that perhaps has never beenequaled for heroic fighting and victorious results. The American vesselcarried 310 men with 38 guns, and had26 killed and 160 wounded, while theFrench vessel carried 400 men and 45guns and lost 40 killed and 110 wounded. At 2 o'clock a. m. the French vessel began to retreat and two days later was abandoned in a sinking condition, only saving her crew while thevessel and all her guns werelost.The American vessel, though victori -ous.'was unable to pursue her antag-onist on acco'unt of having all hermasts and sails shot away and leftdrifting almost hopeless on the ocean,all vessels in those days were drivenby sail, steam had not yet been applied.The historian, Brayman, gives avivid description of fliat midnightbattle. He says side-by side thesetwo ships sat upon the mighty deepflinging out their crashing: hail androlling out with teriffic violence uponthe heaving ocean. Minute and hoursrolled oiij the night grew deeper andorirf lirt-n- fVfc-4- u il. "auu lieuuciui in mu xunerican navywas irresistible on the seas. Thisbattle was fought February 9, 1800, anight during a severe storm and hasdembnstrated to the world the superiority of the American Navy for aggressive fighting and also resulted inbanishing French pirates from thehigh seas. The French never attempted to our shores with an arrayand of course the war was not carried beyond these engagements at sea.General Washington soon resignedand General Hamilton was his successor. Meanwhile Napoleon Bonapartethe First came to be a power inFrance and immediately sought peacewith the united States, that resultedin the Louisiana parchaseCaptain Cameron, in whose company Sergeant Champe had temporarily enlisted in Arnold's Legion, hadlocated in Virginia after the Revolutionary war and while travelingthrough Loudoun County put up forthe night at a farm house. The landproved to be Sergeant Champe's.The two men recognized each otherwith some misgivings, but greatly enjoyed meeting again. Cameron washospitably entertained and remainedseveral days with farmer Champe.The cabin home of Sergeant Champei referred to in the beginning of thispaper near the Catoctin Church, onWaterford road, was most likelythe home of John Champe's father, a?Sergeant Champe located near Doverafter the Revolutionary war. By therpcord of the War Department he isshown to have enlisted in 1776. inj his 19th year, before he had probablyThis, I believe, is a mistake, as theWar Department has information thathe located in Kentucky. There isquite a large family of Champes living in Kentucky, some of them prominent as jurists.One of our American poets haswritten a beautiful vballad of the Revolution, containing 28 verses. Three' are here givenCome sheath your sword mygallant boys,And listen to my story,How Sergeant Champe onegloomy night ,, Set off to catch a tory.Lee found a Sergeant in hisSfimpMadeiig pf bone and muscle,WhQ'never knew fear, and"many a yearWith tones had a tussle.To Southern climes the ship-.vping blew,And anchored in Virginia,Where Champe escaped andjoined his friendsAmong the Picaninni.BRISCOE GOODHART.DEATHSFINNEY.Miss Gertrude Finney, aged 13years, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Samuel R. Finney, died Tuesday night atthe home of her patents, near Spears'Mill. She had been ill about threemonths with tuberculosis resultingfrom meningitis, and although everything that could be suggested by loveand skill was done co prolong heryoung life, all was in vain.Miss Finney was one of the brightest and most popular young girls inthe neighborhood, and will b sadlymissed in the church and Vae Sundayschool, where she was an activeworker, as well as in the family circle, where she was ic-jiized. Besidesher parents, she is survived by threesisteis, Mrs. Sallie Ackman, Mrs.Stella Hill and IMiss Ethel Finney;also by four brothers, Albert, Claude,Ernest and Clyde Finney. The funeral services were conducted at thehome yesterday afternoon, at oneo'clock, by Rev. Ernest Mangum, ofGeorgetown, pastor of the Baptistchurch at Spears Mill. The burialtook place in the North Middletowncemetery. The pall-bearers were:Misses Innis Rose, Bertha Harney,Frankie Mitchell, IVIaude Johnson,Bird Hynes and Mrs. M. Boyle.Mr. and Mrs. Finney came to Bourbon county about three years agofrom Virginia, and are related to Mr.George Rose, of this city. They lostanother daughter ab'out two years agofrom the same disease.OLIVER.Mrs.J)ora Olliver, aged 33 years,wife of Mr. Samuel Olliver, of Paris,died at the home of her father, Mr.Newell Snapp, in Ruddles Mills, thiscounty, at 10 o'clock Wednesdaymorning, following an illness of several months.Mr. Olliver, her Iiusband, is em-ploved as watchman at the Louisvelle& Nashville freight depot, in this city.1 His wife was visiting at the home ofher parents, and was taken very ill,j and was unable to be" removed. to herI home in this city. She had been inJ failing health for several months,j Besides her husband she is survived by three daughters, Misses Georgia, Geneva and Corinne Olliver and,one son, snerwooa umver.The funeral services will be held atthe home of her father in Muddlesi Mills this morning at 10 o'clock. Thepall-bearers will be: Emmett Howard,Luther Moreland, Harry Conway,Paymond' Conway Everdtt R&eCDr,Stanley ""Vughn. J l '