- v-" i, v- - y hkL - .1A. Z ' - ViKSo-i " --l'OB--- "- '-'"- J&"35.t .-i, JT -t-Va jf7 " PUBLISHED EVPBY TUX8DAT AKD PBIDAT IK THE NoCAB-T-i . -volume; 'XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 19 14.-SJHMiB .VA' H 1 HmA HQVfc iB khH .M M ' H V H H V H r m K mm'E. B r 'B B K "HBf Bm'BK "BM " BL wBBBBtBMBBBBk H v ' .BV BMBBBf BMBBBBi'BM': "-Bm" BflBBBv - ,.,-vBBB f BB"Bm- BB H'9A - BBB B' - H BaBBfi "- BB BM t BB Bl. v BBBMv si -BM " Bfl-vM 'Bb Bi.vBbBBBv vBwBF BBkIBf'1 BB BJaflV BkBv Bi BBifKirAom - W W .BPr .BBBT 'mliVPf 'BBPBi-' 7fMSEEKS HEART BALM.Girl Sues Cincinnati ManFor $25,000 For Breach ofPromise.for-CONVICTED BANKER HAS APRIVATE ROOM IN JAIL..efusal to make good his promise toj-ry lier is the basis for a suit forvr000 damages filed in the CommonP.jis Court of Hamilton county, Ohio,t Cincinnati, last Monday, by Missvncy Clay, daughter of Mr. Brutus1 "lay, of this county, against i. Am'r se Holters, of Cincinnati,"he youthful defendant is" a son ofJ. Holters, treasurer of the Holt -- Shoe Company, of Cincinnati, anda traveling salesman for the coniT ,y. His brother, John G. Holters, is--sident of the company,-liss Clay's suit, filed through herForney, contains her claims. Att . aed to the suit are copies of a few( several letters and telegrams now-, he possession of the girl's attorney,: 1 which she says she received fromt Isters while she was living in Coi -nbus, Ohio, where she says HoltersUed her at frequent intervals. Holt -s, it is alleged, is engaged to an-.er, is the claim of Miss Clay in hers't. She says in it: "Said defendants now engaged to another whose name.. unknown to this plaintiff, and saiddKendant has been calling on this party in the capacity of suitor for her 1'-id."According to Miss Clay's statementjr. "iie office of ilier attorney, she was introduced to Holters while on a busi-t;-strip to Paris. About a year ago,-i-e said, the acquaintance was renew2, when they met after she went toCUumbus, Ohio, to study music. She-!d that she had not returned to her. oie in this city since then.In her suit s;he said that she had accepted Holters' attentions as genuine.and that he hachpaid many visits toher while she was living in a flat onSouth High street, in Columbus. Shesays in her suit that Holters firstpromised to marry her while visitingher at that address last March.She alleges that she came to Cincinnati under Holters promise to carrycut his agreement to marry her, andthat she came in perfect good faiththat he would make his .promise good.She claims that, soon after she reached Cincinnati he began to show thatliis affections were waning and thathe "now willfully and purposely shunsand avoids" her. S(he alleges that sheshe had "waited a reasonable time forhim to carry his promise into effect."All of this she estimates to be worth?2d,000, for which she asks the courtto give her judgment against Holters.Miss Clay swore out a warrant inthe Municipal Court, Monday, againstHolters on a statutory charge.The filing of the suit Monday wasdope only after repeated conferencesbetween attorneys representing MissClay and Holterst Holters is saidto have been out of Ohio for severalAcueks. Attempts to settle the matter out of court had been unavailing.Miss Nancy Clay, who has beenbrought into "the limelight of publicity in connection with the affair, isthe daughter of Mr. Brutus J. Clay, aprominent farmer and tobacco man ofthis county. Her father had Jieardnothing of her action in bringing thesuit, but said that young Holters hadraited her several times while emploved here bva railroad constructiont JipaiYy. Miss Clay is a very prepossessing young woman of aboutnineteen years, and for the past yearhas resided in Columbus, Ohio, wherehe had taken a course in a businessccllege. She was for a time a student at the Ursuline Convent, inTrown county, Ohio. She is a granddaughter of Mrs. John Cunningham,o: this county.Extracts from some of the lettersfollovs :'Dear and Sweet Nancy:You are all that anybody could beIn this world for me, sweetheart, and1 am lining up a position for you. If-r, frniv lnvp me as I love you, youwill surely pack your duds as soon asNpossible and come to your ueaiwtfriend. Say a few prayers for yourtrue lover. Please rememoer,Contrary to the general report,George Alexander, wjho was convicted at the, special term of the Bourbon Circuit Court, did not spend thefirst night of his conviction behindthe bars of the Bourbon county jail,but instead, is said to be occupyinga private room in the living apartments of the jailer.Mr. Alexander will receive no timeoff for good behavior, it is said', butmust serve his full "sentence of seven years. Under a recent decision ofthe Court of Appeals a prisoner sentenced to tiie State prison must serveat least one full year before he is entitled to a parole. The Alexander sentences are from one to ten years ineach case, service in each of theseven sentences to begin upon the expiration of the preceding sentence.Thus at the end of the first year'simprisonment, instead of being entitled to a narole as would hp. thp. raspif he were serving a long sentence,he will besrin the service of anotheri term and so on until he has servedf 1,w ,-.; .r ,r-r. n,,nntiic culuc acvcu j'uaia, iu tme-jeaisentences.Considerable criticism has beendirected toward the county Jailer forallowing Mr. Alexander to occupyapartments outside the jail. JailerFarris says that he alone is responsible for the prisoner's safe-keeping;that he was intrusted to his care andthat when he turns the prisoner overto the proper officials he will haveperformed the whole duty requiredof him by the law.TOBACCO SALES.GOV. McCREARY WILL NOTDISCUSS ALEXANDER PARDON.- When asked Wednesday if he wouldmake a statement concerning the disposition of the petition for the pardonof George Alexander, of Paris, whopleaded guilty to embezzlement lastMonday, Gov. McCreary said: "I don'tcare to talk about it."It is not believed in Frankfort thatGovernor McCreary will pardon Alexander, but it is thought by many thathe mav chance the sentence. Underthe sentence imposed upon Alexanderhe will not be eligible to parole untilhe has served eight years.Governor McCreary, however, couldmake Alexander eligible to parole atthe end of one year. A report wasbeen received at Frankfort that a protest is being -circulated, to be presented at the same time as the petitionfor a pardon, and it is also reportedthat if Alexander is pardoned othercharges against him may be producedat the next term of the Bourbon Circuit Court.Clay's Sausage.your mind Is that my intentions ofour friendship were ot the best, anddon't get in your mind that I came tosee you again just to use you as yourletter stated, as a 'plaything. Do youthink for one minute I would have toldyou and wrote you what I did if Ididn't love you dearly?" 'Under date of May 7, "Ambrose"wrote:"You say that you want me to befrank with you in- everything. Dear,I will tell you right now that it is notmy parent's wish for me to go withLouise Keck, and even if it was thatwouldn't worry me in the least, for Ihave found the girl I love and thereisn't anybody that can change mymind and keep me from her, and thatis you,. dearest, and if I lose you,lmnev. then everything is lost. If youwould come to Cincy I would just loveand kiss you until you would get tiredof it. Haven't seen or heard fromLouise Keck for two weeks, don't intend to either. With all my love andkisses, Ambrose."Wanted Her To Come Here.In another letter addressed to "MyDespite the fact that the tobaccooffered on the brakes of the BourbonTobacco Warehouse In Paric Tiioo.day, was poor in quality, there being,the entire floor reached the gratifying average of ?8.46 per hundredpounds.A total of 287,290 pounds of theweed, the biggest offering of the season, brougnt a total of $24,324.10.The record price of the season wasobtained when the crop of Cale Collinsand Ollie Ritchie, of Nicholas county,sold for an average of $18.01. - Theprice for this crop by baskets was as.follows: 125 pounds, at $12.25; 185pounds, at $14.75; 230 pounds, at $16.50; 260 pounds at $25.50; 280 pounds,at $26; 320 pounds, at $23; 325 pounds,at $20.50; 270 pounds, at $20.60; 170pounds at $16.75; 135 pounds, at $16.25; 160 pounds at $1775; 330 pounds,at S11.25; 160 pounds at $4.70.A few crop averages asv noted onthe floor were as follows:Leach & Carpenter, 2,800 pounds,brought $312.99, an average of $11.17per hundred pounds.John Wright, 6,485 pounds, brought558.21, an average of $10.13 per hundred pounds.Talbott & Hash, 7,870- pounds,brought $883.44, an average of $11.22per hundred pounds.J. F. Clay & Myers, 6,630 pounds,brought $662,03, an average of $10 perhundred pounds.. Baldwin fe Thomas. 2.410 Dounds.brought$289.78, an average of $12.02per hundred pounds.Clay & Roe, 6,395 pounds, brought$643.49, an average of $10.06 per hundred pounds.Liggett Bros, 5,820, brought $662.73,an average of $11.38 per hundred.Cale Collier & Ritchie, 2,890 pounds,brought $520.55, an average of $18.01.The next sale at the local house willbe held on Tuesday, December 29.THE VALUABLE QUAIL.srW A, JHivi i ten en &Blakcmorc'sChrtsmasJor JrftmfSiftThe most expensive meat in Americais that of the quail. The price of thebird may be moderate enough, but theloss -caused by killing it is anothermatter. Competent authorities estimate that each quail is worth from$10 to $25 to the American farmer, asa destroyer of insects and devourerof weed seeds.This is particularly true in thoseof the South amicated by the bollweevil. Quails are as fond of weevilsas wevills are of cotton, and more thanone farmer has noticed that when hisfields are well stocked with quail thecotton crop is safe. There is liableto be 'some very vigorous game preserving in Dixie, on economic groundsrather than for sport, during the nextdozen years.WILL .BE A CANDIDATE.Prof. R. D. Squires, Superintendentof the Carlisle graded school, and a native of Little Rock, this county, hasannounced that he will be a candidatefor the Democratic nomination forSuperintendent of Public Instructionof Kentucky. Professor Squires is oneof the best known educators in thissection of the State, and for the pastfive years has been Superintendent ofHi r.nrlisle craded school. He is agraduate of Central University and hastaken post graduate worK in uommuiaUniversity, New York.THE NEW CASH SHOE STORE.come to Cincy, and there is no twowavs about it. You must come thisweek, too. The more I think of you,the more I realize how much I loveyou. So, dearest, please pack up andcatch the next train and you can relyon me taking care of you. If youdon't care to come alone l wm comeup Thursday night and come back withyou.Dearest," Ambrose says:"Your very sweet letter at hand, andtrue lover, r-ieaat; iciuww, 7.V isweeuieart, you uuu i. "." w.. -."heart, that the happiest day oi my nc n appreciated you telling me just nowmi -u ,rA,ir oiM-ivnl in ClUCy tO ... tI Tloar T want vou touliii iih iiii vuui v. . - l II F nLCLllU j-vvstay. Now, dearie, it oniy a mwus. vquestion of time when I will have a,shoe store, as my dear daddy andmother, who I wish you could meet,have promised me just as 30on as l5nd a suitable location. Now, sweetheart, join in prayers to St. John tnatit mav be soon, and that you will uesafely launched in Cincy with a trueand loving husband."Need You Near Me."I start a Novena to-day to ou ,Joseph that I can get you to come toCincv as soon as possible. Am inclosing this pamphlet, and I Jtto say the first prayer on it eerynight, just as I will be doing in . Cincynine days. Please do tins, Nancj,. I love you dearly and I want you.Villi lots of love and a sincere desireir one of you sweet kisses. I am3urs forever, Ambrose." nAaTThat was dated- April 6 and underH'axe of April 29 appears the following,J"Derarest Nancy:' Your very sweetiter at hand, and I sure was surpris-to hear you haven't received mmer. Tarn just all out of sorts andneed you near me in order to feelgood. Dear, I can't wait unti seeou, as I feel so funny hf 2?hnSabsent, that I just have to take thingsa, they come. Oh. for justone sweet kiss from you dear, and l..i. -pi inn rPr cent. Detter. j.For Father, Brother and Sweetheart appropriate gifts thatwill make each one happy, and not be so expensive for the onewho gives. New Christmas Novelties at this store within, thereach of all.BATH ROBESSMOKING JACKETSHOUSE COATSPERSIAN LAMB KNIT VESTSCOAT SWEATERSINITIAL HANDKERCHIEFSFANCY HANDKERCHIEFSJAPANESE SILKSCOMBINATION SETSTOILET SETSCOLLAR BAGSNECKTIE RINGS AND HOLDERSDRINKING FLASK(And Cups With Leather Covers)NECKWEAR, MUFFLERS,UMBRELLASTRAVELING SETSTRAVELING BAGSFI.NE LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS(In Leather Cases.)IEVERYTHING NEWJNovelties not to be found anywhere except at this store.Mitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's Styles Paris, Kentucky-j1 SPECIALS!Just received a new line of Nettletonshoes in all leathers, tan, vici andchrome calf. Newest in English lastsnew shoes, new styles.(x) GEO. McWILtlAMS.CHRISTMAS WHISKIES.For your Christmas whiskies, wines,etc., try Ed. Slattery's hest eight yearold at $1 per quart. (x)THOMASES INDICTED FORKILLING ROYSE.BALDWIN'S I FRANK'"' "i"""b CO.The special grand jury which wasempaneled to investigate the Roycemurder at Carlisle, returned two indictments Tuesday. Dan Thomas andBud Thomas were charged with themurcfer. The case was called for trialand U- M. Swinford and M. C. Swinford were appointed to represent DanThomas. Conley & McCartney werenamed as attorneys of Bud Thomas.Rntii of Ulie defendants stated tneyac.ir.rm p pasfi wire me wiuuuuicollect, at P. C. Richard's pharmacy,Bond Hill, whether you need any money, and word it this way.'O. K.; send5 dr ($5) No. 104, or 10 pr. $10), &c,hy Big Four, 7 p. m. With all my love,yours forever, Amhrose."An epistle dated May 2g, addressedmerely to "Dear," the writer talkedof "blowing" his job and going toColumbus to be near her. He alsosavs that he fears that something awful" must have happened to her, judging from the tone of her letters.Then he sends all his love and a biglass" to the "sweetest girl in theworld,1' and signs "Ambrose."Never So Happy in my J-"?-r arvu iQPt letter attached to the petition is dated May 27, and says:"Darling- Received your telegramand I must honestly say that I neverwas so happy in my We. tor. Sweetheart, you can ha ye WtMng I gotand if I havn't got it, I will get it. SoiaA muster up things and leave-for.. . .- . ...i, i nvH vuui .a ;tinc rrvr tiiik win lid ui&can't tell you now mu .. tne cuy ul uiuce - "-- vand the sooner together the better. L iest time of my career MbeWith all my love Ambrose' at the train to meet you, and oh,rhatotPier letter shows that there . will liave. Have got lotst htve beena quarrel, for itreads: '- you d maDenies She Is "Playing." , until you get here. Dearest, I love"Dear Nancy Your very selfish and , d t uaYe you, so don t delay .aarrotiinded letter at hand. All I Ju now the next time I will hearS To teU you isthat you are wrongl f. ,eet seU talk and not any more'nd R surorised me very much to open j u esay, won't that be great. All-It ri 5Sa iSSi such selfish ideas, !!"elove and 'a lot of kisses, yours for-, . -t, i-i.i t .. tn imnr8S UDOll-'mr- Amhrn.se"jj ouier uiiug i wui. " -' - cvci, , . m.You do just as your sweetheart , were not prepared for trial at the pres-1Tit tprm. and the Cominonweaitn,through its attorneys, James C. Dedman, Holmes & Ross and W. E. Darragh, agreed to a continuance untilthe second day of the February termof court.SANTA CLAUS HEADQUARTRS.In your round shopping for toys, etc.,don't fail to visit our store lots ofthings to please the ,ittlo folks, suchas express wagons, velocipedes, fireworks, nuts, candies and the bestfruits of all kids.(x) N. A. MOORE & CO.Dressed TurkeysDressed GeeseDressed Hens 'Select OystersCeleryCauliflowerCranberriesPlum Pudding -NewMincemeatPecan CakesFruit, CakesSPECIAL SALEHigh Class Suitsand Cloaks40 SUITSAT $10.00 EACHWorth Up To $23.75.: 35 SUITSAT $15.00 EACH-..'- - Worth Up To $35.00MEDICOS ELECT OFFICERS.a.z tne last mommy meeuuK ui iucBourbon County Medical Society the jfollowing officers were elected toserve during 1915: jPresident Dr. J. T. Brown, ofParis; Vice-President Dr. H. B.Anderson, of Shawhan; Second-Vice-PresidentDr. C. W. Wilkerson, ofParis; Secretary-Treasurer Dr. C.G. Daugherty, of Paris; AssistantSecretary-Treasurer Dr. "Miltonfi Rfpffi nf Pnris! -.Dfilfisrat.fi to Statet. WW, W . - - , J iMeeting Dr. J. T. Wallingford. ijThe society will return to its oldplan of having monthly meetings.The next meeting Avill be tfield with 1I Dr. J. T. Brown as host, on Thursday," $Call and inspect ourXmas Nuts,Fruits andI Fancy CandiesBefore Buying.i ,tBALDWIN BROS. !- x v I B . ".Inntmrv '21. my i m A A ...A m. mmmmmmmmmmmmChristmas HosieryPut up in fancy boxes all ready for the giving. No advance in prices.-v.Presents For EverybodyThe Sensible Kind. See Our Display 'Christmas NoveltiesFrench and Pyralin Ivory, Toilet Sets. and.I K Separate Pieces.Bring the Children ToOur Toy Department;PIANK & COThe Store Where ReliabiKtyReigns.--fj--3.j. - .... - w ' - . ..r - ' ' , rZ y - j -v rli. . . . - . - ,-. - " ' . - JPyV- f;(" :';--;$Tft.- ---J-vr,&- .j--..r'L'!-rM7mSPi -- 1Z.IF11 lupSToemabtishd ingi-41 Yrs oftlwouout yblitatir..Cmk-syviFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Jtatered at the Pant, - Kentucky,Foatoffice as Mail Matter of theSecoad .Class.)' ,pe Year.... $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance..PHWeh Every Tuesday and Friday'ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per. iiteli .for' first time; 50 pents per inch'ect subsequent instertion.Reading Notices,. 10 cents per line-;cac issue; reading notices in black- 'tj-j, 20 cents per line, each issue.?jrdi" of thanks, calls on candi-.:ite, obituaries and resolutions, and'similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise"asntsand yearly contracts.:!Tke right of publisher is reserved"to, decline any advertisement or othermatter 'offered for publication.Sj)a.ce is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.NATION-WIDE PROHIBITIONDEFEATED C.Y CONGRESS.WASHINGTON, Dec. 22. The longdelayed hour of an Aye and Nay voteon the constitutional amendment forconstitutional prohibition came to-dayin ,the House. xWith almost ten hours of debate in.sight, and prospects of a vote beforemidnight, the House assembled at 10o'clock this morning and took up, firstthe rule for consideration of the Hob-on. resolution.More than sixty Congressmen have-signified their intention of speaking.Charts before the Speaker's desk"bore prohibiton slogans and drapedalong the gallery over the Speaker'schair was a great strip of paper upon"which were pasted printed names of- signers of prohibition petitions urgingthe adoption of the constitutionalamendment. There were thousands ofnames and the strip was about 150feet long.Representative Henry led off ex-plaining that the rule made liberalprovision for debate and amendment.r Henry said he would vote for theTule. but against the resolution.Represntative Campbell, of Kansas,Tanking Republican of the Rules Committee, spoke of the rule and resolution. THE HOBSON RESOLUTION .The Hobson resolution proposes aConstitutional amendment as follows:Sec. 1. The sale, manufacture forsale, transportation for sale, exportation for sale, and importation for sale,of intoxicating liquors for beveragepurposes in the United States and allterritory subject to the jurisdictionthereof are forever prohibited."Sec. 2. Congress shall have powerto provide for the manufacture, sale,importation and transportation of intoxicating liquors for sacramental,medical, mechanical, pharmaceuticalor scientific purposes or for use in thearts, and shall have power to enforcethis article by all needful legislation."The resolution carries a preamble,setting forth that science has demonstrated alcohol, to be narcotic poisonand reciting its evil effects..A married woman's idea of a goodjob would be one in which the "husbandgot $500 per week and got his afternoons off so be could take care of thechildren and got his nights off so shecould keep him at home and knowwhere he was.THAT COLD YOU HAVEmay bring sickness, doctors bills andloss of work; you know that serious.sickness usually starts with a cold, anda cold only exists where weaknessexists. Remember that.Overcome the weakness and naturecures the cold tnat is the law of. reason. Carefully avoid drugged pills,syrups or stimulants; they are onlyprops and braces and whips.It is the pure medicinal nourishment. m Scott's Emulsion that quickly enriches the blood, strengthens the lungsnd lielps heal the air passages., And mark this well Scott's Emulsion generates body-heat as protection"against winter sickness. Get Scott'sat your drug store lo-day. It alwaysstrengthens and builds up.35-SX Scott & Eotrae. Bloomfield, K. J.Xeiticky Carlsbad Springs:sbmthing That the Kentucky Carls-W'bad -Water Will Do That No7 Other Water Ever Dfscov-r"''- ered Has Done.'Ke will take the albumen .out of"-your water in three days and we areouriag all cases of diabetes that drink-the water, We will give relief to the;most severe cases of kidney trouble;5a oe day and will absolutely cure any"case in. 10 days. Stomach trouble guar-aatee it to cure any case in ten daysjfit, hasn't become cancerous. Blad-trouble of any kind will be curedria tern slays. It will cure any old sore-T3: Wtking in it for two or three days., Tegiiaramtee it to cure any caae ofcatarrh of the head or bowels in ten-; 4ys. "If you drink this water for tenrOays-you wil be absolutely free fromMskigatioa or any organic trouble, asit Vtiitlvely will restore every inter-MJrfjrfan of the body in ten days." If Jt 46en't the treatment won't costyoV aaytking.. - Jem .caa get the same results, if it- 5 aot convenient for you to come totfce priags, right at home, as we ship"the water with full directions, except-Ing xinHiimatic cases; they must cometo -me .Springs to get well. Be surea wrftr for our free booklet.SKiBtttSfmyCarisSsWlSmigs;iii.'-eegaegaegate?" i.'".i! .a-'y.'-" r " "Thri T'iiimii rn'mrm iYfir-."- vyW;' r'V4 v ViF'T Qiy'Camr : jnHighwayXnitr.Hc-The Department fcr Highway Engineering of State University, Lexington, Kentucky,-? il hold its secondannual short course in Highway Engineering, January 4th to 15th, 1915.The work will be conducted under thedirection of Professor D.V. Terrell.The course will be free and open tothe public, and has been designed forall people who are interested in thegood roads problem of the State., Itis hoped by the University officialsthat every County Road Engineer inthe State will take advantage pi thisfree instruction, and thereby " betterthe road conditions in eacbx county.Not only are the County Engineersinvited, but all men who expect to become County Engineers, County RoadContractors, County Judges, members;of the Fiscal Court, and any citizenwho is interested in seeing his- countyhave a better system of roads at amore economical cost. - 'Course of Study.The mornings will be taken up withlectures. A lage number of expertroad builders have been secured togive lectures on all subjects pertaining to the construction of all types orroads. The lectures will be illustrated with the stereopticon and moving!pictures. ,Practical Work to Be Done.The afternoons will be taken upwith practical work in the field andoffice. In the field three to five menwill be placed under one senior engineer, who will give instructions as tothe use of the compass, level, transit,and other engineering instruments.After the work is completed, the menwill then go into the drafting roomand plat up the alignment, profile andmap of the work done in the field.There will be on display a largenumber of full-size road machines, including the roller, grader, tanks,sprinklers, crushers, scarifiers, automobile trucks and many other piecesof modern road machinery, Saturday,January 9th, has been set aside forthe actual demonstration of PayetteCounty's road machinery. This willconsist of tearing up a piece of road,regrading, placing new material, androlling back into place. Every stageof road building will be . carried onduring the day.Cost.No tuition will bt asked and no textbooks will be used, except for reference. The only cost will be railroadfare and board. Outside of the railroad fare, the cost should- not be over$10 or $15. The money will be wellspent if by the county or by the individual. All work will be done on sucha plan that both men with or withoutengineering education will be benefited. For further information concerning this course, address,D. V. TERRELL,,Prof. Highway Engineering, State University, Lexington, Ky.SOUTH 30UND TOURISTSCROWD L. & N. THROUGH TRAINS-!All south-bound trains over theLouisville & Nashville railroadthrough Paris are loaded with wintertourists, who accepting the first coldspell as an evidence of the advent ofheavy winter are making a generalexedus from the North to the warmsunny clime of Southern Florida. Allof the through trains are carryingextra coaches and frequently doubleheaders are necessary to get theheavy trains over the road.The southern tourists are made upprincipally of the wealthy northenerswho have homes in the South and whohave been waiting for the appearanceof real winter weather, to take uptheir home in the South until warmweather is again, assured in theNorth.All the through trains are runningbehind their schedule time which isdue principally to the connectionsthat are to be made in Cincinnatiwith the fast trains from the North,they being delayed by reason of theextreme cold weather which is prevailing.NEWSPAPER ETHICS.Every once in a while some onebrings in printing with a request thatit be kept a secret. Perhaps a littleinformation concerning the rules ofnewspaper offices and printing plantswill not be out of plate. One of thefirst things an apprentice is taught isabsolute secrecy concerning anythingthat is done in the office. He mustnot give out information as to whatkind of printing is being done nor giveany notice of what is to appear in therionoT ftnnrner miift is mar. i lfi raivVinrtlr ic carrorl that IS nilfRldftrS TTIllStnot read its "contents, neither shoulithey read the copy on. the case beforethe compositor. This last is considered by the average printer as illbred as the reading of private correspondence. All proof sheets and in fact thepaper itself is considered private prop-eriy unui it is ueuveieu iaj nic puuuv,.Before they are married she is soDainty that she pecks at ice creamand cake like a humming bird. But,after they are married, what she cando to a hunk of rye bread smearedwith Limburger cheese and coveredwith raw ouions is a crime.SICK HEATACHE.Sick headache is nearly alwayscaused by disorders of the stomach.Correct them and the periodic attacksof sick, headache will appear. Mrs.John Bishop of Roseville, O., writes: j""About a ;year ago I was. troubled jwith indigestion and had sick headache that lasted for two of threedays at a time. I doctored and trieda number of remedies but nothinghelped me until during one of thosesick spells a friend advised me totakeGhamberlain's'Tablets. Tis med-jlcias renva me in a snort time.-22IESmw, wi , iH1yT5 -j,- iJter-r.miner irom.-i' - "-?.-- -' ' r'' '" " ' " - -n "-t "" ''- V"!f - ".".'"' . -. ' ;, CV "" . ' . . "V-" -- ' , s, . wii .z '."'"- w ---- " i."" . . .. . ". -- - - ' jr?T:Vtftr l tt 7?7V?WM-MXfiKK"V?v l TT' c:?r VsC ft. &Xzi&?- 'JU-ml'Mmmy C TjMRnflFlT-'- 'jfinF -TFfJCi BufkfMM1'may experience; slKMtnesjBofreatK on exertion,pain orer the JSeart, or di'felii;bppreBe breathingafter meals octheir eyes become blurred, the heart is. not-umcienuy strong to pomp wood tothey have cold hands and feet, oraye coia nanas anablood supply to the Etomach. A ssxt tonismo bad af ter-sffect. SochiDr. Pierced Goldenwkldb. contains no dasgerotui aarootios or aloohal.It halps the human system in the constant manufacture of nch, red blosd. It JMip ui bmwuko. 10 HHnuMie orcaKeupiQeproper elements iron toe rood, tnrbyhelping digestion and caring dyspepsia, heart-born and many uncomfortable symptoms, stops excessive tissue, waste in convalescence from fevers; for the 'rundown, anaemic, thin-blooded people, the "Discovery" is refreshing and vitaliaiag.in Itswfcf r tmbUt farm f moM dram atmrem or mmd'50 w wttmmnfor trial box taDr.PUrci'n Invalid' Htl, Bmff aim, N. Y.Ir matk CfctT VTf rirMUlnrjtiJfc kaf 100Spaswat rciff31w-c tiiw. ailJr "am- fs&2BOBi AtsBkSi m2amiEza2aa ?!W''T!aw'JaW F p. Iaya ' 'ja aytimVimViarair kraaaiarirF?'ii?'!'... r r r r- r- r- r r - r r r - - fBourbonDWIS & FUNK, Props,Telephone No. 4.; l r -jBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.3.Ja 'T-'aa saw.jar.m.a. ......... tr. -. -- -- .- . in WUExpert CarriagePainter-Mr. rercy Hahn, the expert Car-Jiage Painter, who has been employed Dy Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast 8 yers, has opened a shop at thecorner of Fouth and High Streets, andsolicits the patronage of those needing anything in his line.Both Phones 583.GIVEThe Hoosier Saves Mile of 8tes.It will save steps in your home. It saves supplies; itsaves waste; it saves time and energy.Nothing you could put in your home will do so muchfor your wife or mother as this wonderful new HoosierCabinet.I 40 Labor-Saving FeaturesThis Hoosier has all the practical conveniences thatJiave been suggested by thousands of owners. Not asingle practical suggestion for its improvement has beenmade' since we have had it on the floor.20,000 Hoosier Cabinets were given for Christmaslast year. This year the demand will be greater, and oursupply will undoubtedly be exhausted. Come early.Make your selection while our stock is complete. If yourwife isn't delighted with your choice, we will refund yourmoney. TThen, after that, a dollar a week until you havecompleted the small cash price fixed by the HoosierCompany. No extra fees, no interest.Until you have examined the Hoosier Cabinet,you can't appreciate its beautiful finish, its rigid construction, and its wonderful convenience. But themere fact that 700,000 people already have boughtA. P.fl?gpi?g '-" " riT", Tm&tti.ZSZ.weGK nearcs.the extremities, -andnoo anoetitA hvanH nf w-aV-niand altsrativa akoald b taka whirb kaMedical Discovery-.- "m-k-i a j -.ikm.Laundry $West 5 StreetWe Tke Pleasure.in "oing up the finest, shirtwaists or anything in the'laundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes bck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeOulcklr relieYM RhnnnnMnTn. fiore Mu-cfe. Neuraliria. Ilackarlio. livadache r.Li.U B&ina. Your mnnrv bark if it fails to 'liera aay acbe in any part of the bodfifteen minutes tltne:1'rlce 60c. At All Druggists,Free suapte and circular Mnt on roqueUBOL'RBON REMEDY COMPANY.34? East Main St., Lexington. Ky.i wmwm-r - bbhv. . ' .nBL cw. b .r ' -' . j. . : - --.- -- - - - - ! . j-r'u4 H00SIER CABINETFor Christmas This Year-irTireiy New.PAY ONLY $1.00wheelerr.a Usz!tjn' 7P7 ftP.y? v vwj- " pw l 11 1 PKnkW""What is the good of earning money and extravagantlySQUANDERING it ? . '.The -man who piles up his .money in the bank will alsoEARN MORE. Why"? 'He will take more INTEREST in what he is .doingand he will be given the chance f o-i promotion, or for aPARTNERSHIP, over the man who foolishly spends all hemakes. " ? .Make OUR bank YOUR bank- - .,""-We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPITAL ....$150,000.00SURPLUS 80,000.00STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY. .. . 150,000.00Protection fo Deoositurs 380.000 on8. E. BEDFORD, President.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)A wise wife doesnt attemnt to Ra-form her husband. If- she will feedJ him well and treat him well and trustto luck, she will be happy.J Before you laugh at the way other..people walk just get in front of a big, mirror and walk toward it and laughat yourself.Sometimes you hate people anddon't konw why you hate them.Some of the people you hate are peo-! pie you have never seen,, but you hate, them just the same."White Bmmty'zissji TM H 1 .9 Ss oH "WiBsSPsiSlCwiflHftH Hfi I S s wn eniilB'r5QHffslhiiiiMAi wir gSjW;lBWQBHlBiB!lUifeMBSfl "TCJBJ Bflv?MS Ul M EmiSmaimSSSmmajlibLjaaI WEO m i lllrSSU 0&aWaaLWt??MSSJ I M I lJHHIiiejjfJI JSSSSSSiWBBSSSgJSBBygTBBSGj&TMmL') )JmWaa3aXWamai9frSaaWaaawaaaamJkJaartiaai m LaaJiaa Haaaaatat'Uoosiers, and are delightedguard. Any one or tnem naa tne privilege or re- Jceiving their money back if they were not pleased. 1Not one Hoosier owner has asked for her money. jCome in tomorrow and let us show you what Jthe Hoosier will mean in your home before it is toolate to get it for Christmas. ,FurnitureMSSOMEDAYmvi&p.C. K. THOMAS. CaahlarYou may have noticed that the man .who takes the wrong umbrella by mistake never mak"es the mistake of tak-Ine a worse limhrpl la than his ownWhen two men get a mat and startin wrestling Catch-As-Catch-Can styleit is Brutal Sport. But if you removethe mat and polish the floor and let aman and a woman use the same holdsemployed by the wrestlers, we call itthe Dog Trot or the Monkey Mince,and it is Perfectly Proper.Man is a suspicious animal, and hebelieves that the person who uses themost perfume is the person who .needsit most.i::XIJjr.vwith them, is your safe-Cof Court House.- w"-'-yL----rvIt!-Wir5--MjV"-.- -..f. .,- i mt ti j siFz5tt-2&s'&mamLF' ?Kentucky man tll$ &w mavrStomach Remedy Restored wifeMrs W. H. Clarke Is Rtlievtd AfterYears of DigestiveDisorders.Mrs. W. H. Clarks, of Central City,'Ky., for many years suffered fromdisorders of the stomach. She triedmany treatments with little encouragement. Mr. Clarks induced her to try Mayr'sWonderful Stomach Remedy. Shegot results right away. The heTrote:"The medicine has done my wife avorld of good, and I feel that Jt willcure her. I intend to keep on untilghe is completely cured, as you haveteen doing her more good than anycne has eer done her, and she hasteen suffering with her stomach forj ears. I am glad I was told of theifcmedy."Letters like that are written byusers of Mayr's Wonderful Stomach'I"I' !! !! 'I-I -H'-r !! 11 iH....I x AAlA"AA"lA if liit'I""H"I''i-I"lllf'J'544s.?TO TI1CANDESPECIALLY THE FARMERS !I HAVE OBTAINED A LICENSE AS ANAUCTIONEERI have practiced the profession for a number ofyears and am a good one. I solicit the trade of thepublic in this line. Anything you have to sell inway ofRel E1 ate, Farm Products, Household orKitchen Furniture, Stock, Grot), Etc.will be sold by me at a reasonable price. Give mea chance at you-i business' I will guarantee to getas high a price as any auctioneer in the State. Callme over either phone, or, better still, call at myplace of business. Phones: Cumberland 226, Home242.Morris VangroffProp. Paris furniture Co. 716 Main Street.5-"Be Sure and Get Your Money's Worthy15-5t 4W"""l'l'W'ttBell TelephoneBulletins13 D UPLEX LINE SERVICE."Where two telephone subscribers are served by one line theservice tliey receive is known as"duplex" service. This class ofservice is for small users of thetelephone and neither party on theline is expected to monopolize it."When one telephone on a "-duplex"line is in use the line is"busy," and the other telephonecannot be used for either incoming or outgoing messages."When you call a ""duplex"" orparty line telephone and the operator tells you "the line Is busy,"it does not necessarily mean thatthe number you ask for is ""busy. "The other telephone may be in useCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYINCORPORATEDNotice to Stockholders.The stockholders of the Agricul- Jtural Bank of Paris, Kentucky, willmeet at the banking house on Monday, jJanuary 4, 1915, between the hours oft9 a. m nd a n m tn pleet directors !for the ensuing year.J. W. DAVIS, President.J. J. McCLINTOCK, Caahier.(22-td)Stockholders MeetingThe stockholders of the Deposit andPebplesBank, of Paris, Kentucky, willmeet at the banking house on Monday,January 4, 1915, between the hours -of i9 a. m., and 3 p. m.r to elect directorsior the ensuing vear. - s' jK BEDFOR,-Pfcresidnx.Y' 1S. E. BEDFOR.--Eresidajt. , wejBKiris, awt-ww .wom-jusi ue. ouii 'Js-one-piuieTnamyinoBet tes- Jt JvuzJi:. WKm 'Remedy in all parts of the country.It -proves is merit with the first doseno long treatment.Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedyclears the digestive tract of mucoidaccretions and removes poisonousmatter. It brings swift relief to" sufferers from ailments of the stomach,liver and bowels. Many declare thatit has saved them from dangerous operations and many are sure it has saved their lives.We want all people who havechronic stomach trouble or constipation, no matter of how long standing, to try one dose of Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy one dosewill convince you. This is the medicine so many of our people havebeen taking with surprising results.The most thorough system cleanserever sold. Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy is now sold here by G.S. Varden & Son and druggists everywhere.PUBLICand in that case "the line is busy."If you subscribe to "duplex" orparty line telephone service do notanswer your telephone until thebell stops ringing. If you removethe receiver off the hook while thebell is ringing it opens a circuitand the bell on the other telephoneon your line also rings. This isone of the reasons why "duplex"telephones sometimes ring whenthe other party is wanted.If "duplex" subscribers wouldbe careful not to remove the receiver while the bell is ringing a.cause of annoyance, over which wehave no control, would be removed. LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.). -Some men use mighty big words tosay mighty smaU things.Most of us give to charity with theknowledge that a dime makes morenoise in acontribution boxv than adollar bill.The more clothes a woman has themore pleasure she gets out of com-I plaining that she has nothing to wear.Before marriage He does all thetalking. But it is different after marriage. Once in a while you will meet afellow who turns his mouth on, wbenhe gets up in the morning and forgetsto turn it off until -he craws back intothe hay lit night. vThe men went to work and madethe legsot their trousers so tight thattheycpuldn't possibly ,beuse& ior hob-WejBKirts, aiwi-w .women.-jusi toue.I niii T nil iniHii ' imj i' -.-ir "r l- iaa ji-ivji- i -.:. 4. LONDON, Dec: 22. It is only at theNorthern an'dSouthern extremities ofthe line of battle in the Eastern arfinaof the war that any marked, change isto be noted to-day; in the Westerntheatre siege warfare, of a most stubborn and laborious kind persists. Thisbrieflly sums up the situation both inthe East and West today, so far ashas been disclosed by the officialstatement.The ultimate outcome of the German advance upon Warsaw is stillproblematical, as a decisive conflicthas as yet to be fought. Although th(Russian center has retired, it now hasbeen reinforced and it is holding aline on the Bzura from its junctionwith the Vistula.North of the Vistula, if the reportsfrom Petrograd may be believed, theGermans have been whipped and pushed back over the frontier until theirline now stretches behind Soldau,which is midway between Lautenburgand Niedenburg, in East Prussia.To the South it is contended in Russian reports that the movement of theAustrians through the Carpathianmountains has been defeated simultaneously with the defeat of the garrison at Przemysl, which was hurledback after an attempted sortie fromthis fortress.CRYING FOR HELP.Lots of It In Paris, But Daily GrowingLess.The kidneys often cry for help.Not another orgn in the wholebody more delicately constructed.Not one more important to health.The kidneys are the filters of theblood.When they fail the blood becomesfoul and poisonous.There can be no health where therei3 poisoned blood.Baskache is one of the frequent indications of kidney trouble.It is often the kidneys' cry for help.Heed. it.Read what Doan's Kidney Pillshave done for overworked kidneys.Proof of merit in the followingstatement:Mrs. Eva Cooper, Main street, Winchester, Ky., says: "Although I neverhad occasion to use a kidney remedymyself, I can strongly recommendDoan's Kidney Pills for we have takenthem in the family with fine results.One of the family has taken themwith excellent results for pain in theback and kidneys."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Cooper recommends. PosterMilburn Co., Props., Buffalo, N. Y.KEEP IT HANDYFOR RHEUMATISM.No use to squirm and wince and tryto wear out your Rheumatism. It willwear you out instead. Apply someSloan's Liniment. Need not rub it injust let it penetrate all through, theaffective parts, relieve the sorenessand draw the pain. You get ease atonce and feel so much betterf youwant to go right out and tell othersufferer's about Sloan's. Get a bottle of Sloan's Liniment for 25 cents ofany druggist and have it in the houseagainst Colds, Sore and SwollenJoinst, Lumbago, Siatica and like ailments. Your money back if not satisfled, but it does give almost instantrelief. Buy a bottle to-day.(adv-dec)LUKE McLUKfc SAYS.(Cincinsati Enquirer.)Disappointment and Remorse areabout all you get out of Making aNight of It. After you have" used upall the paint you could buy and borrow, the town doesn't look a bit redto other people.If you went up to a man on Saturdayand tried to tell him what he should dowith his pay, he would rap you on thenose. And then he would spend therest of his time indignating aboutthings andfc telling what Jawn D.Rockefeller and Andy Carnegie shoulddo with their money."BUCK'S " NEW BARBER SHOP."Buck" Freeman has removed fromthe old stand in the Simms building,to his new stand adjoining Connelly'splumbing establishment. Buck hasmade a decided improvement and hasequipped his new shop with all thelatest sanitary devices and equipment. He is better prepared thanever to attend to his trade, and cordially invites you to call in and inspect. One trial will convince youand you will become a regular customer, for "Buck's" many years ofexperience is bound to count for something. Cutting children's hair a specialty. TO TEST SUSPECTED COIN.There is a very simple means oftesting a suspected coin, which can beapplied in any ciicumstances. Take agood coin and vigorously rub itsmilled edge against that of the suspect. It the coin on trial is a "wrong1'un" it will peel off, or at least showsigns of flaking. If the edge bearsthe test the coin may safely be accepted. This advice was given by anofficer of the criminal investigation department of England, who declared itto be a certain test.PROMPT ACTION WILLSTOP YOUR COUGH.When you first catch a Cold (oftenindicated by a sneeze or cough Ueakit up at once. The idea that " doesnot matter" often leads t? iouscomplications. The remea hichimmediately and easily peneti thelining of the throat is the i demanded. Dr. King's New Disxverysoothes "the "irritation, loosens thephlem. Youfeel better at once. "Itseemed tq-Teichthe .very-spot of myouii 'js-one-piuiejnamyinoaest tes-E; IVI. WHEELERBig Ten Days' Sale ofFXJR.3STITTTR,E1CARPETS, RUGS,Everything markedadvantage of this sale and buy Christmas Presents nowhave them laid aside.SOLID COMFORTis suggested by the mere appearanceof one of our Fancy Easy ChairsThey are specially built to afford restful ease to the tired. They are artistic and well made, and are offered atfair prices. We have a full line ofnew and -handsome Household Furniture, embracing everything from Carpets to Bedsteads, and we welcome allwho desire to inspect our stock.When may-we expet a call from you?THE NEWLY WEDDED PAIR.seeking articles of Furniture of comfort and beauty for the new home willfind this a choice and safe place tobuy choice because it affords suchwide selection, safe because everything tor any part of the house issubstantially constructed. honestlypriced.tt.MLVA TEST FOR LIVER COMPLAINTtMentally Unhappy PhysicallyDull.The Liver, sluggish and inactive,firsts hows itself in a mental wayimhatmv and critical. Never is thereiov in livine-. as when the Stomach andTjivP.r arc doine their work. KeeD yourLiver active and Healthy by using DrKing's New Life Pills; they empty theBowels freely, tone up your Stomach,cure your constipation and purity theBlood. 25c at Druggists.Buckliu's Arnica Salve excellent forPiles.(adv-dec)After all our preparations for exter-maination it looks as though both the 'Federal Eague and the English Spar- .row will be on. the job next Spring as -perusual. . jWe blame Heridity for our failures, ' -butnever for successes. -When some men are clothed with,authority, the authority fits them likea two-dollar seersucker suit fits a fatman after he has worn it out in therain. rEven the man who expects the unexpected is often disappointed.GoodiesLet Usfill YourOrder.ChristmasShelled Pecans, 50c the pound !Oranges, 15c and up per dozen!Bulk and Fancy Box CandiesFancy Fruits and Nuts of AlKinds. - -ORDERS FOR ICES OF ALLKINDS PROMPTLY FILLED.sfa"-'m. , "- na. i - m. 5Hm -m,low for cash untilHOME, SWEET HOMEis made still more sweet and invitingwhen cosily and comfortably furnished from our complete House Furnishing Eatiblishment. Here you notonly get the best and most durablequalities,- but the very latest stylesin fashionable Furniture. You havea large variety to select from, and theprices are so low that they tempt youto do the choosing and ordering" rightaway.IT'S WITHIN YOUR REACH.Dainty, yet well-made Furniture isnot only for those with fat pocketbooks. Any one possessed of tasteand a small amount of money can furnish a house well. Come in and secwhatA Little Moneycan buy here. Just as good bargainsin carnets and rugs as in furniture.n i . , . 4Mfcr am C tor TCB 9n - e-"Cjlk PI--EiE3E3IEighth arsd fVfain, Paris,f A mfimher nf cm& of thp. hisr nolit.ip.n.1parties imagines that he is extremelyI Broad Minded and Charitable when headmits that there are a few good menin the other big political party.Another of the sure things of life isthat you can't find a mail who will ad-. mit that his salary is increasing asi fast as the Cost of Living.LOST.Between Kid Stout's Cafe and thej corner of Fourth and Pleasant streets,a solitaire diamond ring. A cash reward of $50 will be paid for its returnto this office and no questions asked.(18-ft)"??501lifwi1 W .-m7 illlff HiVI ( fl - - ftfk jXni w klrPqi-:'I ' ; 1 WV -I I l! ! - I I V Wi i ,1 Tl II Ul II I A I 1 IY ,ittnios.STOVESChristmas.TURN THE STRONGEST LIGHTTaite4BkjHpHC I s "' Br-""St j St-i-. 'on our Frunitureand erery .pieciP ulllr""' ;stand the test, because they are' ifU " s ,and thoroughly made and will JWtamAThe Closest Investigation- " -Cfrom the most critical. W- 4 -mot: 3carry shoddy stuff; we valu otTNi-;utation too much what we Mlt'-ye ,'may be depended upon for ,qtMMtrsand wear. ' ,. T J- - yLET US SHOW YOUthrough our stock rooms and you -will r-H;agree wun us mat you never saw "i-vmer collection of Household-PurnitTEre-c-anywhere la this vicinity. We-wold. "feTike to have you call and examine out-stock thoroughly. It will staria the-'closets scrutiny for beauty, strength,and artistic effects. Such high: qual-ity Furniture is seldom offered atsuch low prices.Ky.Stock at Cost:.HJIR,As our lease soon expires on.-ouro'store room, Ave will close out ourv -. i :ENTIRE LINE OF HARDWAREconsisting of everything usuallykei;.in a first-cass hardware , store.. rA-JJ;large line ot stoves, Kanges, Heaters; .-"'iunamened Ware, Farming- 'iMpfements, Wire Fence, Steel Posts, -Etc,Sale begins on " v -2SATURDAY, DECEMBER, ft, 1J4r jand will continue until the entirerstocic tis closed out.BEST & HAWKINS,(18-tf Millersburg, Ky.Holiday BargainsAt I win Bjos. DepL.StoreVvCor 7th and Main Sts. SSpecial Low Pffcti 3r,ONCadics Suits, icak$.$lriftTine mHlinery, $fcoe$,3 iU)mty k.-- jDry Goods, Silks, Wfa4--cBigAsortmentof HoKdarKienU. Call and SV &SSan)a CUusvr jl1 C !-vS-r ,.-:;rt "JT!T j"i- -JB.-,r-"-' Z- . ' -.r&ii. 1 l.-..i., Kar.lJ-tn fViwi1o .mntilQl. Kn-icV n:' '- .11?,.J-?- a.U-'-'afti 'tAllfU;?-x i i-iuiib'iiHU .vrasiflRi l. rrinmairr. 'uavs fbisuw wnvn vvmthv rr-uv uuwuiiiiBitjuui;.a.L-nTuiu j ji nek x ..vi r m.. mi- .'- mm. , -.m-xjm mr-m. rm mm m m s--n - wj-.ijtvr "v J ?ri.3P'rHr r" -W""THg BOURBON WWS, PARIS, KY.; DECEMBER 25 1914;ivI -linmiMnmuMTtie Busu Beeasn SioreiOur Motto: " More For j Less."A BEAUTIFUL DISPLAY OFTOYSNovelties, China, GlasswareAt Remarkable Low PricesTHEWHITE CHRISTMAS.-'tfc10c1CandiesOver 50 varieties to Select from, downa pound.Mixed NutsStrictly fresh, at 1 5c a pound.OrangesSweet and juicy, 20c a dozen.APPLES, BANANAS, CRANBERRIES, ETC., SHELLED NUTS, RAISINS, CURRANTS, ETC.A LARGE ASSORTMENT OFFIREWORKS!Attention, Girls and Boys !Save your Tickets and try to get that beautiful J1U.UU LHJL.L or that "Dandy" $10.00 WAG-urN tree ot charge. See Dodgers for fullplanation.ex-Big Bargains In Our GroceryDepartment.BUSY BE& 6flSfi STOREree s uia stand, Mam St., Paris, Ky.aMMiiatfttttttttttttttttttMtttATThe .people of Paris have seldomever heen treated to a more-uniqueand enjoyable Christmas than theWhite Christmas celebrations thisweek. Long before the- curtain wasraised for the first number on the' program at the Grand Opera Houselast Monday night, the house wascrowded to tjlie very doors, and standing room was at a decided premium.The program was a part of the plansfor the celebration of Christmas weekin which gifts were to be given andpresented to the poor'. These giftswere brought to the various Sundayschools on Sunday and" afterwardsent to the Opera House.-The stage was most appropriatelydecorated for tjlie occasion, white being used to a large degree. In thecenter of the stage a large white crosswas placed, and around it was groupedthe packages intended for gifts, allneatly wrapped in white. Boxes andpackages of edibles wrapped in whitewere placed in the wings, while fromthe dome of the theatre long whitestreamers depended. The footligilitswere banked in cedar. The entirelliouse was decorated in white, and presented a beautiful appearance.Last night hundreds gatheredaround the "Community ChristmasTree," wnich had been erected on thelawn at the Court House, and listenedto the singing of the Christmas carolsby a large choir composed of the bestvoices from all the Paris churches,under the direction of Dr. Frank Fithlan. The big evengreen tree had beenbeautifully deorated by Spicer &Gilchrist, and the big star in electriclights, white and vari-colored lightsscattered all through the tree, made asight that appealed to everyone. Nogifts were distributed from the tree,it being intended to arouse the latentChristmas spirit. As this was thefirst Community Christmas tree celebration ever attempted or suggestedin Paris the keenest interest was manifested in the exeroises, and eventhe inclement weather could notsmother the Christmas feeling in thehearts of the spectators.The opening of the exercises wasannounced by a series of bugle callsby a bugler stationed on the court(house steps. Shortly afterward thebeautiful music of the old-fashionedChristmas carols rose upon the clearair, assisted by the Paris High Schoolorchestra. The occasion was one thatwill linger long in the memory -andthe spirit that prompted it, it is hoped,will be in our midst next Christmas.The gifts from the Sunday schoolsand the private and public contributions for the "White Christmas" exceeded the most sanguine expectations. With about 100 families to beprovided with a cherry Christmas thedonations were overabundant and thecommittees will have a large proportion left to tide over the winter.Never before in the history of Bourbon county have the people been sounited upon any one project as theyhave upon this one. The committeesworked faithfully and unselfishly,and all worked with the same idea inview ot making the affair a big suc-! cess.FORMER PARIS MAN GETSWELL-DESERVED PROMOTION.Mr. Edward Hite, formerly of theParis Fire Department, and for thepast four years Chief of the Maysville Fire Department, has been appointed to the position of DeputyInspector of Fire Departments andWater Works of the State of Kentucky by State Fire Marshal C. C.Bosworth. Mr. Hite has acceptedthe position and has tendered his-resignation to Mayor Wesley Lee andthe City Cotfhcil of Maysville.In noting the appointment of Mr.Hit to this responsible position, theFRITZ! SCHEFFLEXINGTON.THE PLACE. 7The fifood jewelrymzi bcneit, tlie dainty prima don-1 " g , TXe 4WmA2nwin oe seen m a mnsinai fama ""7 -w - --- " --na, will be seen in a musical farceentitled "Pretty Mrs. Smith," at theBen Ali Theatre, Lexington, Monday,December 28, direct from a successfulengagement at the Casino Theatre,York. The new vehicle of this delightful star is a departure from theusual style of light musical entertainment, in that, though the musical numbers do not suffer, it tells a well constructed story of farcical tendpnoiosj that alone is compelling interest.it is in three acts, the book hpine-by Oliver Morosco. who nrndiinefiters',U8-3t)FINE WHISKIES.Place your order early with K 7 Slat-tery for the finest wines an.i .vniskies in Paris.(x)"F fTHE J. 1 . HINTON COMPANY:Ia. rAA Happy New Year1915if - A-We wish to thank the public for thelargest business during the past year everenjoyed by this house.,We also wish every citizen of Paris, andand Bourbon County , ""A Happjr New Year!NJ. T. Hinton Co.JLXJH3Insurance Field makes the following , "Pretty Mrs. Smith" and "Peg- O'Mvcomment:"Mr. Hite is widely known becauseof the fine ability he has displayed inmanaging fire departments in the.smaller cities. He has an unusualHeart." The music is by Henrv Jamesland Alfred Robn, with lyrics by Earluarroii.The plot centers unon the arrival of i anH ic mncf rlancrprmic- ... --. -w. Mu IVI J II IVUv " mKmsmaller cities. He has an unusual " um onmn m aim ueach, Florida, .-..- nrttfiorl Hio nnliroJfanriliarity with fire hazard condi-! yhere 5he has gone to escape from a ' ndve "OUIHSU UHS pilingJ? i j i i . t ian l"tin lifioliM1 TT"1.i n. t - " &. . . .Em. . .-. bVKa - k 9jcuo uuouduu. vvinie mere sue en-, rieiuly CniUrLK AK. WWNOTICE.All parties are herebywarned aeainst the use offireworks on the streets offParis. It is against the law,jg, i1";!-Vxions and the standards of nroetc-tioa. Mr. Hite will work largely withthe municipalities of the State, seeking the improvement of efficiency intkeir protection and the enactmentof ordinance regulations. He(' willalso prove valuable as an assistant toMr. Bosworth in tjlie inspection workHis work has recently given morethan local recognition by his selection as Yice President for Kentuckyof the International Association ofFire Engineers."The appointment is a fitting com-aliment to a young man who hascme to be recognized as one of thefceat posted men in the State on matters relating to fire protection andlire prevention. The Maysville paperspays him very handsome complimentary notices. His many friends hereare extending their hearty congratulations upon his well-merited promotion.GOOD THINGS TO EAT.Apples by the barrel and oranges bytke box cheap. Nothing but the bestfntit handled. Dressed fowls of allloads, old country hams, city hams,-sausajre, spareribs. etc. Let us have'Tour Christmas order.(x) N. A. MOORE & CO.counters her husband and two otherswho were believed to be dead beforeshe again married. 4The possibilities of these situationsare splendidly employed, and the story jmoves lorward at a breezy pace, withappealing and amusing musical numbers to accelerate its develonments.Miss Scheff is happily cast as themuch married Mrs. Smith. Her support is composed of Broadway favorites, including Charlotte Greenwoodand Sydney Grant, former favoritesof the Winter Garden Company, andGeorge Anderson. Others in the billare Theodore Babcock, James A. Gleason, Jean Donegani, J. H. Childs,Grace Shaw, Louise Cook, Marie DeMarquis, and the Casino BeautyChorus. The production is an elaborate one. ' fadv)J. T. HINTON,Mayor.ORANGES BY THE BOX.Call early and get the size you u ant.C. P. COOK & CO.BLACK CAKE.You know it will be good it you useTernaell fruits and spices. You takea chance if you use something theysay Is just as good.C. .P. COOK & CO.CLAY'S SAUSAGE.?j$ Insist upon Clay's sausage - 15-5t-.'"TWO DOWN.".SANTA CLAUS HEADQUARTERS.In your rounds shopping for toys,etc., don't fail to visit our store lotsof things to please the little folks,such as express wagons, veloeipoJes,fire works, nuts, candies and the bestfruits of all kinds.(x) X. A. MOORE & CO.,mc? jlHi?PiPLACE TO BUY.The place ' to buyyourXmas jewelry isat Shire & Pithian's. xIsGOOD CANDY.TryMr. and Mrs. Jacob Schwartz arejownmeu to their home, suffering fromerere bruises received by falling onIfee slippery pavemenL Mr. Schwartz"tmrted down the sidewalk and fell,! Mverly bruised and unable toikt. Mr. Schwartz went to his asaietaace andgie, too, fell, receivingere bruises and sprained shoulder.BftCk are resting very comfortably andM f aot tbougkt their injuries areMTiOYMirMrs. Cork's home-made candv.C. P. COOK & CO.EDISONDIAMOND DISCPHONOGRAPHtife Cbeice of fioodlaicersp.THE TIME DRAWS NEAR!Only Five More Shopping Days ThenOH -R. I S T M -AJSWhat Shall Your Holiday Gift Be?Scan These Suggestions;They May Help You.HfjiMGifts ForLADI ESBracelet Watches,La Valliers,Hariri Bags,Toilet Sets,Puff Boxes.Stone Set Chains,Prisian Ivory Novelties,Back Combs,Mesh Bags,Card Cases,Diamond Bar Pins,Diamond Jlings,Sterling Novelties,New Party BoxesLingerie Pins.Gold Thimbles,Vanities.Gifts ForMENWatches New Thin'Models,Waldemar Vest Chains,Signet and Set Rings,Fountain Pens,Military Brushes, 'Shaving Sets,Watch Fobs.Safety Razors,Cuff Buttons,Tie Holders, Scarf Pins,Emblem Charms,Sterling Belt Buckles,Traveling Sets,Pipes and Key Chains,Match Boxes,Cigar Lighters.Gifts For MissesBirthstone Rings,Lockets and chains'Bracelets,Maicure Set?Slipper Buckles.Small Wrist Watches,Hat Pins, Beauty Pins.Silver Vanities,Coin Holders.Gifts For Boys.Boys Watches,Signet Rings,Pocket Knives,C-':it Buttons,Silver Pencils,Fountain Pens,Our stock Is unusually large and is representative c! o the reliable lines we ever aimto carry. Be sure and inspect our line of Platinum Dinner Rings and La Valliers, mountedwitb genuine White Diamonds, in the newest and latest effects..TURKEYS.Give us your order and know thatyou will have one Teady.C. P. COOK & iCO.because good music, if necessary forgood dancing... This instrument'ssplendid tone add to dance music acharm that is otherwise lackino, and !: the 'wonderful Edison mechanism In-jsures the perfect uniform rhythm that jis so essential, wme ana nea rtnenew records which we have just received One Step, Mesitation andBaxiye.A FINE LINE.candiesA fine line st CkristmasLeave .your order earlv.L. Oberdorfer.DON'T DELAY; BUY NOW, And Avoid the Holiday Rush.Yw Parchates Will le Cheerfully Heli Uatil Cbrislmas! -''THE HOUSE OF QUALITY FOR JEWELRY -SHIRE & FITHIANEAST TENNESSEE PHONE 2S6- -.i9em999999999999999999S9Mi9999:(?Xll J.E. CRAVEN. 'TlM'BiftutebtTs.'-'.Vs-JI9ME PHONE 131.-cv. -ar &,- . -" t re i"?, ie. J- SvC Jrf. c rs.J''i .i X&'".- r- . J--irf- "--- ii . i : .. .rE -bw -p- w jv.A Jlv TSr .T -'CrV!?rvWy, ,r s . SS m---r --C5 - P " - "jS-5).'5uJSfc$ "7.V -V . -Z "r ,'- i'.SI.-i --& .V WK,V'vZIr"lBfW"IS,fc,"yf-5-5" vy. .""!.' J J . - , " --yi& -;k -JV int "VWSIIttPrDCKy; DECEMBERS JM4----- - MMMawWMWBMMWMBWWMiMMMMMrii&afekHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADECLAY'S SAUSAGE:Insist upon Clay's sausage 15-5tTHE NEW CASH SHOESTORE AND NEW STOCK.SOCIAL AND PERSONALMiss Sara Daniel has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. J. H. Blount, inLancaster.Miss Virginia Dundon is spendingthe holidays with Mr. and Mrs. J. P.Hanley, in Louisville.Walter Kenney, son of Mr. andMr3. Walter Kenney, is verv ill withi bronchial pneumonia.Don't forget we are at the same old Miss Edith Higgins has returnedstand with an entirely new line of i from a visit to her grandfather, Mr.men's, women's and children's shoes. Embry, in Lexington.I Miss Eleanor Lvtle is in Cinnin-jnati spending the holidays with herjaunt, Mrs. Henry Funic.i Mr. Frank Daugherty arrivedMarriage licenses were issued Wed- Wednesday to be the guest of hisnesday by County Clerk Pearce Paton mother, Mrs. C. A. Daugherty.(x)GEO. McWTLLIAMS.TWICE TWO TIED TIGHT.to Mr. W. W. Dodson and Miss Mattie' McClain, and Mr. Jesse Bpughner andMiss Polly Hash. The parties are allfrom tl',1s county. Judge McMillanpresided at the ceremonies.ENGRAVED CALLING CARDS.Mr. J. J. Harris, of Chicago, is aguest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. L.D. Harris, on Walker avenue.Mr. Taylor Chandler has returnedfrom a visit to his sister, Mrs. Catherine Winters, in Carrolton, Ky.Misses Rachel Wiggins and NancyGriffith spent the week-end with Mrs.Virgil Gatiskill, near Austerlitz.Mrs. Oscar Hinton has returnedfrom a visit to hermother, Mrs. Victor Whitridge, in Baltimore, Md.' Mr. Robert Hunter has returnedto his home in Maysville, after a visitto his daughter, Miss Sue Hunter.Miss Hattie Day has returnedfrom a week's visit to relatives inLouisville and in Jefferson county.Mr. Edward Fithian arrived Wednesday to spend the holidays with hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Fithian.Miss Marie Talbott has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Danville,where she attended the dance given byMr. Warfleld.Miss Elizabeth Magoffin returnedtr -ny Vi-ir in Qf Pnnl TVTirm Tiiftc.Among the prisoners given paroles yisit he; C0UB Mrgfrom tilie Frankfort penitentiary as a R ; ClendeninChristmas gift by the State Prison Misses Sailie j Nellie wiialeyCommission were the following from are ts of their sist Mrs. Hoff.-his county: Henry Hawkins, house-, w d ,n ML sterling, for theureaumg, om juiiu&uu, "5 ""- niir;Rmna hnliftavR.Engraved calling cards make mostacceptable Christmas gifts. Give usyour order now so it can be filled before the ruh. We represent the bestilrm in the country, and everythingguaranteed first-class.WHITE DIAMONDS.Finest white diamonds only, that defy competition. Calland be convinced.x SHIRE & FITHIAN.PRISONERS PAROLED.-:eys; James Kelly, grand larcenyGeorge Wilson, housebreaking.GOOD APPLES.Not cheap apples, but good apples.Winesaps and Albamarle Pippins.C. P. COOK & CO.$1.00 PER QUART.Try a quart of eight year old SamClav, 1 per quart, at Ed. Slattery's.(i)YEARLING SOLD.Mr. James P. Ross, superintendentof the Lexington track, sold to Mr.Dan Lehan, the Lexington horseman, ajearling brown colt by Transvaal outof Margaret Roche. The colt hasshown exceptionally well, and it is believed that he will develop into a goodhorse. He was the property of Mr.Martin Doyle, of this city, for whomMr. Ross was acting in the deal.WILL SAVE YOU MONEY.' Don't fail to read our advertisementon page three of this issue. We willMr. and Mrs. Will Oneal have arrived from Louisville to spend the holidays with Mr. Oneal's parents, Mr.and Mrs. Oneal, on High street.Mr. Jcfin Price has returned fromCentral University to spend theholidays with his parents, Mr. andMrs. Lee Price, on Scott avenue.Mr. Sam Clay Ward has returnedfrom school at Lyndon, Ky., for theholidays, and will be the guest of hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. Miller Ward.Mr. Coleman Renick is at homefrom school at Danville, to spend theholidays with his parents, Mr. andMrs. B. M. Renick, on Duncan avenue.Miss W. S. Dale and little daughter, Miss Lillian Harris Dale, areguests of the former's parents, Mr. andMrs. L. D. Harris, on Walker avenue.Mrs. Newton Clark is very ill at; her home on High street, and was unable to attend tne lunerai 01 uer sou,Mr. Rogers Clark, in Madisonrille,Monday.Mr. Newton Taylor, Jr., who is attending school at the Howe Scihool, inIndiana, is spending the Christmasrolidays with his sister, Mrs. JulianFrank, near Paris.Mr. G. C. Thompson has returnedfrom school at the University of Wis-consul, anu win speuu me uuimajothe cash to our store and get moregave you money on groceries. Bring witn uiS parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. S.SPECIAL CHRISTMAS SERVICES'AT PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.Dr.ShivewJll occupy his pulpit ati(he Presbyterian church as'-usual onSunday morning, his excellent choirrendering a special program ofChristmas music. Service begins at10:30. In the evening the choir willgive a praise service, beginning at7:30. We give the program below:1. Organ VoluntaryMiss Elizabeth Crutcher2. Jubilate Dso Chorus.. Schubert3. Spirit Immortal .-VerdiBass Solo by Mr. Chas. Mitchell4. Hymn, "Hark, the Herald AngelsSing." ' v6. Prayer.6. "Bethlehem" BartlettiSoloists, Mrs. O. L. Davis, Dr. FrankFithian and Miss Flora Hill7. Short Talk .Dr. Shive8. "Crossing the Bar" Quartette SchneckerMrs. Frank Fithian, Miss Hill, Mr.Morehead, Dr. FithianViolin Obligato by Mrs. H. M.Hamilton.9. "Night Song of Befthlehem"BuckSoloists, Mr. Morehead, Mrs. Fithian10. Hymn "Emmanuel"11. "The Christ Child" CombsBenediction.Postlude OrganClay's Sausage.ARE THE BEST.i . -'JLCASHPRJCES FOR CHRISTMAST-''10-year-old Vanhook per.qt., $1.00.8:year-6ld Vanhook,' per qt., 8Sc. -3-year-oldVanhook, per qt, 45c"8-yer-old Sam Clay, per qt., 90c.3-year-old Sam Clay, per qt., 45c.BOTTLED IN BOND.Vanhook, per quart, $1.00.Sam Clay, per .quart, $1.00.Poindexter, per quart, $1.00.Chicken Cock, jer quart, $1.00.Fine Wines, per quart, 65c.JAS. J. CURTIS.Winchester Street, at L.. & N. RCrossing.R.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.McOUOGALL KITCHEN CA3INETS are the ONLY kitchen will fullroll fronts. McDOUGALL cabinets areBEST made. Set of aluminum -wanefree.(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.BY THE BOX.Oranges cheap by the box at LoganHoward's. 22-2tCHRISTMAS ENTERTAINMENTAccording to the latest statisticsKentucky-made cigars, like Kentuckywomen, are winning their way to thehearts of the men folk all over thecountry ,not any more because of theattractive "wrapper" in which they arearrayed, than because of the excellence of the article the outside covercontains.SANTA CLAUS' HEADQUARTERS.As usual our store will be SantaClaus' headquarters this year thesame as in years past, only on a largerscale. Great bargains in toys, games,candies, nuts, fruits, etc. Suitablegifts for the little ones, such as velocipedes, Irish Mails, roller and iceskates, wagons, drums, guns, fireworks, fancy baskets, magic lanterns,in fact, everything that is calculatedto please the children. Bring thecash and we will save you money onyour holiday purchases. i(x) LAVIN & CONNELL.ORANGES BY THE BOX.Call early and get the size youwant.15-tf) C. P. COOK & CO..THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Children of the Parochial Schoolgave a beautiful entertainment Tuesday evening at the Catfaolic Clubroom on High street. The hall' wasappropriately decorated with Christmas greens, garlands and acting ofthe pupils were enjoyed by a crowdthat taxed the capacity of the hall!The entertainment closed with "AVisit to tllie Babe of Bethlehem,"which was a very beautiful scene andappropriate recitations and songs, including "Silent Night," were rendered. After the program a number of wellfilled Christmas stockings were soldat auction by Mr. Edward Gorey, theproceeds to be used towards a libraryfor the school.FINE WHISKIES.Sam Clay, Van Hook, Old Tarrwhiskies, eight years old, $1.00 perquart, at Ed. Slattery's. (x)SOLID MAHOGANY GIFTS."Snappy Christmas- temperaturesand clear skies will prevail Christmasday throughout the United States, according to nididation to-night at theweather bureau." United States Bureau Report.BEAUTIFUL ENGRAVING.Call and see our samples of embossed Monogram Stationery, Engraved Private Greeting . Cards, CallingCards, etc. Place your order now forthe holiday season.U8-2t) PARIS BOOK CO.wm hi y u i. . ..,-i-Li" i j .job i J' 'fin 1,1 l i' mill jfc;iiiiniiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiinminnujuHiSuggestionsFor ChristmasThis season's holiday line is the most xfomplete aukfc-fvaried we've ever displayed. Here ypu'li be sure to tmkt.something for every one on your Ohristmas list. A ":suggestions are given to aid you in your Christmas sho5piug .Fountain Pea.Jewel Boxes,Safety laztTs-Perfumes, Mirrors, Stationery,Collar Bags, Toilet Sets,.Toilet Sets, Auto Stationery.Manicure Sets, Post Cards, .Toilet Waters.Parisian Ivory Goods, Leather Card Cases s ,Pipes, Shaving Sets, CigarsRaphael Tuck 4 Sons' and Dennison's Christmas Seals,'Cards, Tags, Etc.Come in with your friends you'll enjoy your visitsThe more choice gifts are selling fast make your seletions to-day reserve them until Christmas week. i"The Ardery Drug ColClarke's Old Stand.sNA BUSY TIME.In the past two weeks Dr. H. M.Hamilton, Livestock Inspector forBourbon county, has, in the performance of his official duties, inspectedand passed upon more than fourthousand hogs and seven hundredcattle destined for interstate shipment, and has been on the go constantly, in all kinds of weather.Solid Mahogany Rockers, SewingTables, Dressers, Chiffoniers, Tabour-ettes make elegant presents. We ,have them.(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.Thompson, near tjhis city.than you can elesewhere. Read our J prof anQ Mrs Robt. Hinton andprices.(15-4t)T. C. LENIHAN.Clay's Sausage.DELIVERED WHEN YOU LIKEi little son, Robert Hinton, Jr., ofJ Georgetown, have arrived to spend theChristmas holidays with tjhe tormer'si parents, Mr. and. Mrs. W. M. Hintton, Sr.! Mr. and Mrs. John Wright willhave as their guests during the holidays Mr. and Mrs. Frank Wright and ,children, of Winchester, and Mr. and 'Mrs. Duke Smith and children, of:Ovnthiana. !STERLING SILVER.Sterling silver novelties, new, novel andnifty, at Shire & Fithian's. xWONDERfULSELECTION. A wonderful selection of Christmas siftgoods in jewelry canbe found at Shire &,Fithiah's. xGifts thatEndureThe very air is now charged with the spirit ofgiving, for Christmas will soon be here.The choice and preferred gift is the one thatendures, because it suggests the continuity of loreaod friendship. Such gifts you will find at thisstore.Our reputation for absolute honesty and squaredealing; extending over a period of sixty years, protects you in every purchase made here.We will be glad to assist you in making yourseleclions, which we will reserve for you.Come in to-day.ySbO 'UGiflv tp-k. r7g pA&:v.Clay's Sausage.Give something worth while. Anything in our line will make suitablepresents Furniture, Rugs, Electroliers, Pictures, Etc. Delivered when,you wish. I Ir- and Mrs- G1-nn' of North Calfit) THE J T HINTON CO. ! olina, have rented a cottage on Southv ' , Main street for the winter. Mr.rA1 .. ,g athfd Glenn is the representative here of theLULU WtMllLK. American Tobacco Company, as buyerPhonC your Order for Best the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse.Cr7 tn PhnflPS 14 ! The Bourbon Dancing Club gaverf rHAC C RDFNT R, RRO U most delightful Christmas dance attt LtlAo. O. dKlN I & DriU. ; the Masonic Temple Wednesday night.The music was furnished by the Good-SANTA CLAUS HEADQUARTERS, win Saxophone Trio, of Lexington.jThe dance was largely attended, andIn your rounds shopping for toys, i doubly enjoyed from tfie fact thatetc., don't fail to visit our store lots j there had been a dearth of social funcof things to please the little folks, such tions in the city for some time. Theas. express wagons, velocipedes, fire dancers enjoyed themselves fromA,rirC rmtc fl.n flies and the best ninp. until four. Lunch was served m....., ..w, . - - ,.fruits of all kinds(x)N. A. MOORE & CO.PRISONER BROUGHT BACK.the hall during the midnight intermission. The guests who participated intilie dance and partook of the club'shospitality were:1 Misses MinnieBall Moore, Har-Exie Bovd, colored, who has been 1 rodsburg; Elizabeth Luureu,, wuw.oi vir tvin Ttmirhrm rnnnt.v an- fm- Anne Mollov, Genevieve Molloy,thorities for the murder of a negroman named- Henry Parker, in Millersburx several years ago, was arrested in Cincinnati, Tuesday. Sher-j Brown,iff w v. Tnihott was nounea anaMrs. Wm. 1. liooumaai, ubaiubiuu,Cecilv Bchon, Catherine Bohon, Versailles; Matilda James, ElizabethAnna Wilson, Anna nmur,PranwR Chamne. Margaret e:suson,FORMER PARISIAN HURT.While at work on the erection of thebig tabernacle under construction inthe rear of the City Hall, in Winchester, Tuesday morning, Prof. J. L. Bosley tell from a scaffold and sustaineda broken leg. He was taken to hishome on Hickman street, there thebroken bones were setProf. Bosley was formerly editor ofthe Paris Reporter in this city, andPostma3ter for one term. His manyfriends in Paris and Bourbon countyv ill regret to learn ot his misfortune.HOOSIER KITCHEN CABINET.Will make the wife a grand Christmas present.A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.(ll-2t)FOR THE KIDDIES.Doll Beds, Velocipedes, Doll Buggies,Electroliers, Coasters. Choose now.We deliver when you' want. Opennights.(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.FIRE DEPARTMENT RESPONDSTO FALSE ALARM CALL.The fire department was called out.. r;,;oi -rf limine "Wpd- prniinA Roseberry. Parisnwday morning with the prisoner in Messrs. C. C. Early, Maysville 1. ;charge. After the shooting of Parker, j m. Green, lorn wuuub, dbiu "r"' 1 about 9:45 Wednesday night by anBoyd made fiis escape and was not . Floyd day, ML rling, wen rm" alarm from Box 34, near the F .& C.heard of until word as received mer, Cynthiana; William .ais, Koot. ( tracks The departraent made ahere that he had been placed under , Lane, Duard Ellis Carl eciiiu, "; ' uick rUn to the box but found uponarrest in Cincinnati. ley Ma-stin John W. Ma rr uf "JV" arriving that tfrey had answered aAllister. Frankfort; W. O. Asnurst, ; having nniu.. .j P-Mtnt-n' Wm loliJC Aiu, vrn.- j. ..,... 0 r-"GOOD THINGS TO eai. Cecil muw-dou, n b""1"-- '"Woodford, Mt. Sterling; Winstonnples bv the barrel and oranges by Wiseman, Danville; Felix Renick,the box cheap. Nothing but the best Smith Hayes, Willie anmeter W in-r.wo v,nn,iiori nrAssed fowls ot aii'cliester: w. u. -uoure, ru5ci a,x,v.; i pnmtrv .rtnms. citv hams. William Walters, Georgesausage, spareribs, etc. Let us have Lexington ;your order for Christmas.ix)- rN. A. MOORE & CO.allegar,Edward Fithian, Biair. vo-rriAri o. c. Tnomnson. AlVJU' 'Thompson, Duke Brown, Douglas Clay,IColenTaS "RenldT Harmon Turner,- j -..:..-.. i . t- . Havmrmn cooui,- -WPPH THEHUT-,. jn d -- Thompson, Joe.The "shut-ins" ho are at the Mas- Davis, J"-. SSdo Afmnrial HosDital are doing very try, jonn atuait, -"""fire, wind and lightning Insurance. Thomas, Woodford & Bry ifEASY MONEY.Qharl-nw.1"lft,"!;;ni0. n' Tfcn Price. Parisnicely, some of tneni oe 5 ---;-',-" JJLa Ir and Mrscent and about reauy r -TilvnnJpr. Mr. and Mrs. Charles!fo"S turned to ber hie. P James Thompson, Mrs. Mollfe James.T'Mm Roberts, of Sliawhan.. (Other Personals on Page 8.)'ptfa ftvet SSSS,"1 ; !' WHV SUFFER WJTH RHEUMATISMMr. J. T. Quisenbrry of Paris minute? Van-A. .1-. Nfinil J i III! Kl V-. 1 1 I .Twho is ill at uie uuh' i.Kj.Jroad to recovery.shine Rheumatic Powder will cureSri4Pi3r Pridwell rs. Plumraer you. .If your druggist will not sup,d Mr Hve" Puckeiro have.j ply you, send u $r.Q0for a full Si,eHue. ; -BAYEESa REMEDY C9MPANY, '..n' ...ji, nyni fever. Tiave Te-, .botueoeen. iiiwiw VFw.- .?"Z.". u.Jcovere4vand hav tmi, to- tkelrCash your "Bill Smith" checks atPARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.CHOICE INVOICE OF FRESH NUTSMixed nuts of all kinds, at(x) , TOM LONGO'S.PRISONERS TO HAVE IMGCHRISTMAS SPREAD.Tilie prisoners at the Bourboncounty jail will be treated to a bigturkey dinner to-day by JUiler JoeFarris. The snread will include othergood things besides turkey. Mr. Farris purchased a crate of oranges 'anda barrel of apples. with, which to reIiw I hlTlQflTISIC UJIJOBiIS n i) fTirfTNCr"rA.."5K f-JvtA:.gale jthe-prisonerseach oneuof whomwill "be siiDDlied -saaso H'ith tobacco,VictrolaNo other gift can bring so much pleasureXo every member of the family.: And there is a style suited to everyhome $15, $25, $40 (Victrola VIII shownin illustration), $50, $75, $100, $15, $200.: Victors $10 to $100."- Come in and see and hear the differentstyles, and find out about our easy terms.DAUGHERTY BROS.,FIFTH AND MAIN.V.-t(4-tt) ls ' Iexington,HKy. pipes. &ng,cJyrla8.!jte8ird. VX X . ,A;iiomee. , v , -fs--. -r.wesauJ1G5K15HSIi1?t fJifV -.--it -viul -&VJ -. r Ulilillii illwi iat- i X. ' '. "'-J 'r": -1 v CVV"-5-.?-; ' '- '- - "'-" -IMC BOUBBON??. iaJs?vfrf-!r-?'-.1 '-';,5" ;4 COW' BURKE, -Rrekient.VS5rirtSiiSi5V. . ...T.5S -V. HX., .--If "5:7.Tiai?j,lirt'.-- ik.-'.-.T - -R- )'- .was J" - ! , - i"-5 , - r 3r"rC - l "trS "J'" Vice-Preiderit:. :' v . Manajfei .;TheBonrbouTobacco Warehouse CoParis, Ky.ANNOUNCE THEIRJjv JzLi2-a L fc- T ihiFORTUESDAYDecember 29Second house in Kentucky in amount of business- handled the past season.Lowest selling fees of any house in Centraltucky.We solicit your patronage and guarantee courteoustreatment and prompt service.NOTICEDr. W. C. Wilkerson, formerly ofXittle Rock, has opened an offi.ce in4a Deposit and Peoples Bank Buildtktg, on Main Street, for the practiceC.his profession.X)r. Wilkerson has been a practicingjfcysician In Bourbon county for thepast twenty-eight years.W. C. WILKERSON,Home Phone, 369; Cumb.' Phone, 741.(Idec-t0 Paris, Ky.FOR SALE- Handsome Antique, Solid Mahogany Wardrobe claw feet. Photo- ofaiae will be furnished on application..AddressTHE BOURBON NEWS,(tf) Paris, Ky.ATTENTIONDo You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit Jewelllas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.MMHWinter TouristRatesRound trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily from Oct. 1st, 1914, toApril 30, 1915, to all principal touristpoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, -Mississippi, New Mexico,Texas and Havana, Cuba, with finalreturn limit May 31, 1915, with verylibeval stop-over privileges. Also lowround-trip Home-Seekers tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, Louisianaand Mississippi, on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month, with finalreturn limit vfteen days from date ofsale. For further information, call onor address,J. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS. Agt.& Peruna is not a new anduntried remedy our grandfathers used it.Fifty years ago it vras en.sale, nearly every drug stor-:in the country can supply iu.It is recognized as a hous 'hold remedy in. thousands chomes for coughs, colt!;,grip, catarrh and thosetroubles arising from suchdisturbances.TODAY IT IS JUST ASEFFECTIVE, JUST A SRELIABLE AS EVER ANDNOTHING BETTER HASBEEN DEVISED AS AREADY-MADE MEDICINE. .Tkose -who object to UquidMedicine will find Peruna Tab. lets a desirable remedy forCATARRHAL CONDITIONS.f Sm "A IkVi mm ? m I i 4Wwmaamji xfl1 4KnVIUlUlUKWOiatCl. JL11UT71B IfUl IWUit pro table to make 'every. jpoMiblearrangement "f or harvesting: and stor-.ing such ice as may be available inheir localities. Ice is a luxury and,yet in many sections of the country itmay le had for the gathering if thefarmer is prepared for the harvest atthe right -time. The cbst of harvesting and storing ice is hot great compared with the comiort that it brings,'nii an ample sunnly of thi3 luxury isof greater importance in the countryaprne than it is in the city residence.Even such farmers as are near lakesor streams often gather quite a supplyof ice by putting out pans of woodentroughs filled with water and removingthe ice after the water has frozen.While city people may purchase perishable supplies as needed, the remoteness of country homes Irom markets makes it necessary to use morecanned, corned or smoked meat "products at a season when 'the tablemight be supplied with other meats ifthere was an available supply of Iceto keep it.Not only is ice appreciated "becauseof its use in the preservation of freshmeats, butter, and other .table supplies,but production of high-grade domesticdairf products is. almost impossiblewithout it. Many markets to whichmilk is now shipped demand that it becooled before shipment to a degree notattainable without tjie use of ice. Modern methods of marketing shows thatother products besides milk, such asfruit and eggs, if chilled before beingtaken to market arrive in much bettercondition. Ice in the country home,therefore, is of value for a -greaternumber of purposes than at first mightseem.Tht source of ice supply varies withlocal conditions. In many sectionslakes, -rivers, or large streams afforda supply of suitable ice without special plan or preparation on the part ofman. In other instances, where suchnatural sources are not easily accessible, small streams or even water froma spring can be stored in an excavation or by means of a dam, so a3 toafford sufficient water surface to provide the desired ice supply. The harvest area on surface will depend uponthe tonnage to be stored and the normal thickness of the ice supply rangesfrom 8 to 12 inches in thickness, whilein eastern Virginia 4 to 6 inches is asgreat a thickness as can usually becounted upon.The stream or pond from which thesupply of ice is taken should be fedf from a source free frc,m contaminationor pollution. If the stream is so sluggish that water weeds thrive in it, allMAMniAilAn Wlllnf Vkr TnTV1AirQn t YTA-ICI1" Went its freezing in the ice. Decaying vegetable matter frozen in ice isv-erv obiectionable, because as the icemelts this matter is deposited in theice box refrigerator, rendering it unnecessarily filthy and dangerous tohealth.Ponds in which spawns or algtegrow profusely can be rid of thesepests by the use of copper sulphate.The crystals can be placed in a clothsack, which is hung to a pole and trailed through the water until the saltsare dissolved. One or two treatmentsof the sulphate during the season atthe rale of 1 pound to 100,000 gallonsof water will be sufficient to keepdown such growth and make the water clear and pure. It is impossibleto have pure ice unless the pond orstream is clean and the water is freefrom contamination.r c: ;'.r yyl'TJ "J" lift: 'LtKmaflBPflffiAiBl -m.. -,-; : : -.--.. T"r K -mh.-- :' -' - '.Vi' -PUH CE OF MUCH! IMr0cMoaMttteFS; !& r?- V.-iT , .;rr ;L -.o?-f:' ifMRS:McCLAIN'S EXPERIENCE WITH CROUP.spuursi.i ,",sELKS' BUILDING.E. T Phone 103Hme Phone1.01:."iwkJmAWHYtake chances wiUiyour fowls?Bourbon Poultry Curoto abiolat aad quick deatk tothe. cerar of roup, colds aadotter infacttoas ditaasM. Afew drcps la tb drlakiae waterknUtbtdiseaM terms aaa prevents aickaess. Oae5c bottleBakM 12 raUosM jaadiciae.At dracciete. er by saaft, pet-paw. vaMaote powcrytree, vPG9MK.MHM Ct.. ftiiiis VPARIS INTERURBAN -SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.Lve. Court House.7:10 a m -'7.45 a m8.15 am8.45 a m9.15 a m9.45 am :10.15 am '10.45 a m. '11.15 a m11.45 a nr12:05 p m v12.45 p m1.15 p m1.45 p m2.15 p m2.45 p m3.15 p m3.45 p m4.15 p m5.15 p m5.40 p m6.05 p m.6.30 p mCity Limits .Only.Lve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 am8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m3.30 p m4.00 p in5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m, 6.40 p inEffSffSi Thousands and thou- jXhi"When my boy, Ray, was small hewas subject to croup, and I was always alarmed ats uch times. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy proved farbetter than any other for this trouble.It always relieved him quickly. I amnever without it in the house for Iknow it is a positive cure for croup,"writes Mrs. W". R. McCain, Blairsville,Pa. For sale by all dealers.(adv-dec)MRS. IRA RAWN GETS$100,000 INSURANCE SETTLEMENT.Thousands and thousands of women, whohave everything that heartcould desire to make themnaPPy are miserable onaccount of womanly trouble. If you are of thisnumber, stop worrying,and give Cardui a trial.It has brought health andhappiness to thousands.TAKEOnejhundred thousand dollars is thetotal of the decrees and settlements infavor of Mrs. Florence W. Rawn, widow of Ira G. Rawn, of Chicago, formerPresident of the Monon Railroad Company, and against 11 insurance com-panies that issued line accident poli-I cies to Mr. Rawn. This estimate, wasmade in the office of the counsel forIMrs. Rawn, following the filing of aSlipuiauuu tu uisuiisa ucj ouiuj agiuunta causalty company.The contests were banc! on techncial grounds and on the theory thatMr. Rawn had ended h's life.Mr. Rawn was -supposed to havebeen murdered by burglars at his summer home near Chicoga, and the affaircreated a tremendous sensation. Mr.and Mrs. JEtawn were well-known inParis, where they resided for severalyears. Mr. Rawn was Master ofTransportation for the L. & N., withheadquarters4 in Paris. He left herein 1889r going with the Monon roadof which he subsequently 'becamePresident.We Extend to All Our Friends and Subscribers Ourhearty greetings and best wishes for aMerry Christmasand a Happy and ProsperousNewYearWe appreciate your very liberal patronage during the yearnow drawing to a close, and will endeavor -to merit your continuedand increased use of the HOME TELEPHONE lines during thecoming year, by furnishing the best UP-TO-DATE telephone service;Cbc Paris Rome telephone and CeMrapb Co(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.Stock Reducing Sale!The unseasonable weather has placed us in a.position where we must sacrifice goods REGARDLESS OF COST. A few of the many bargains instore for you:$2,000 Suits and Overcoats ..:.$! 3.9S1 9.00 Suits and Overcoats 11 ,9S1 5.00 Suits and Overcoats 9.981 0 and $12.50 Suits and Overcoats $8.98Every garment in the house reduced at suchlow prices you cannot help buying.SALE IS NOW ON!TwinBrosClothing and Shoe Department.L. WOLLSTEIIM, Prop.!! HH'HUI I 'I ' 'iOn your trip to Florida this season, why not stop at Chattanoogaand visit the historic battlefields ?Three Through Trains Dailyoffering: unsurpassed facilitiesfor Florida travel betweenLexington and JacksonvilleLeave LexingtonArrive ChattanoogaArrive Jacksonville"ROYAL PALM"(Queen & Crescent Rocte) 10.20 a m (Daily)(Queen & Crescent Route) S.45 b m (Same Day(Southern Railway) 8.40 a m (Next Day"OHIO SPECIAL"Leavo Lexington (Queen & Crescent Route) 10.50a m (Daily)Arrive Chattanooga (Queen & Crescent Route) 1.15pm (SameDay)Arrive Jacksonville (Southern Railway) 9.20 a m (Next Day)"FLORIDA SPECIAL"Leave Lexington (Queen & Crescent Route) 1 0.45 b m (Daily)Arrive Chattanooga (Queen & Crescent Route) .40 a m ( Next Day)t Arrive Jacksonville (Southern Railway) 9.10 b m (SameDay)For Fares. Florida Booklet and i-teephic car reservations, call on or address:H. C. KIM, Passenger and Ticket Agent101 E. Main Street, Phena 48Lexington, Ky.W. A. BECKLER, Seaeral Passenger AgentClnclanatl, OtileHOW'S THIS?KENTUCKY TRACTION . TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris6.09 a maT m IUImmIQIWe offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of. 'Cafarrli thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure. iT. J. CHENEY & CO ..Toledo, O.llBBsBBBsBBrarBBBsBaBsll immmtmmmmmmmmmM!KO. & T. P. RY.) 5?Sia4BSggagggggWAMD aleBB(C, NSOUTHERN RAILWAYycvT! i1 ioslMssssssssssssssssssssssssBsmamPans Odorless Cleaning Co. t7:20 a m8:0tjim8:50 a m10?20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m2:5f q. m3:31 p m4:2t-p im5:01 p m':0 p m: 11: W p jmu.LeaVe Parlefor Xexkigton6:4S a m7:3-a m8:15lajn9:00 a-m9:45 a nr11:15 a m -Si12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:4g p m4:30 p nti:lS p m, :5" p m--J&98Till Womb's TenlcMrf . Delphinia Chancewrites from Collins,Miss.: "Isuffered terriblyfrom womanly troubles.We had five doctors, butit seemed I could not get?Cany better. I decided to "try Cardui. After I beganto feke k, I got bettereveryday.-- Now I feel aswell as I ever did." . Try:Cardui today. V,Et66icyWe, tlie undersigned, have knowniP. J. CheneyTor the lst 15 years, andlu-i;.ir- i-i ;a'xi.. l i-i- j iilI1HIIKVM I1III1 IlHriHI 1 V III1III1I-M IIIM 1 Tl fill I SB . mm ,-. - - .. - .'business transactions, arid financially L& US Make that Last Winters Suit Of Overcoat' oma rr naVrv. aiit anv nhlio-otiAno -mortn bbbbbI mm ef am. alook Like niew.able to carry out any obligations made 'J by his firm.NATIONAL BANK OP COMMERCE,Toledo, Ohio. "I Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken, inter-' allv 4vr tf1iv.itlYr vmrkvt 4Vk 114-tAjl.J ' M1J. AUllUK UUDWUJ UUVU IUD U1UUU I ,Dl land mucous surfaces of the system. Hnj Testimonials sent free. Price, 75 centspr bottle. Sold by all Druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills, for consti-The ornery cuss who can't save-anickle always justifies hisr course by.'saying: Uhz-welk. xou. can't take it.4 with you, -when tou. die." ..-. -- -c' -S ,. . 1;. - ... 2r - --Thre3jnay" be. 'b'thet funnysigIitsVkIm - . lint FTSBBBBBT- ..BBBBSaTS -awBBBBBBl- . B 1iT3i si- - srs zaias. . v, SKT?ra aa mi 4' -duluub vul-Liic-'i-UiiiiMeBPL ;.wt lo? sn j- c: immwmmmnr . -r K -- -, 2 zzmmTmmmmmmW!wmmmkmWkLwYou!Jwill be1 surprised when we send your' clothes-home,"and .will wonder why you have not tried us before.. AH Work Guaranteed "SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned and.Reblocked.'to your satisfaction.; r AVe Call For and Deliver Work.; CalFupE..T-Phonel40 ' " 'PamMoleM Gkin Cq., SaonXcvy,; Proprietor.:!bWHtti4rM-'lli -fh.. W 9, '-' :. ., -..,-:-v - . .-,w.-,-. -;rvj- ,; " ..Lii-; . - . 'BBMi5'BBaY'BF- "". r" -X- -- ""Ht' "t. '"r-7 .l.rf; TSJK Z--. -rT - -." Ti ' -"jlsiIri -i.i:3SS&i!!tfis.-W5-4 1 1 1 1 n i g i ' in M in I i iji M 11 tjf i II hi i i lim ilr S- - -" T. '-- ' -, J"lT; , , . j' s.r .. , ?J. - v nptsJwT .!- Tma- . nrni nTiir ut - .-lurutrAtiiitNiUST WEEK THEWAS CRU) 1 GAIN.There Seems to be No Decrease in theInterest Displayed in Our BeautifulAssortments of Toys, Dolls, Etc.Mothers and children both continue to come to our"Land of Toys." Those who came before said that everytime they visited this department they saw something new.Surely you can't see everything in one visit!Come, whether you want to buy or not. Bring thechildren and let them enjoy seeing the wonderland of toyshere. This is the last week we can assure you of completefor by tomorrow so many purahsses will have been madethat surely many things will be sold out. You 11 like toshop early when you can get such bargains as these at suchlow prices. Make many visits to"The Land of Joys The Land of Toyst -. The Land of Delight for Girls and Boys-" "POPULAR CHIFfON SKIRL25c TOYS -Dolls Drums Pop Guns Boy Scout OutfitsBuilding Blocks in WagonIron Toys Painting Outfit BooksTidley Winks Rope Toss Pitch-a-RingU. S. History to Date Steeplechase "Bath Tub ToysAuthors" Horns Puzzles. . Tool SetsSOc TOYSDolls Complete Train Outfits Doll BedsLarge Pop Guns Elevator Building Outfits Box BallChina Tea Sets Modlwood Toys TiddledebatsHumpty Dumpty CircusBig Game Hunter Sand Toys Rapid Fire Cannon$1.00 TOYSDollsDoll Carriages Doll Trunks Doll BedsFine Train Outfits Repeating Air Rifles- Meccano Builders American Model BuilderWhite Furniture Giant Soldiers Steel WagonsCompendium of Five GamesTool Sets Battleships Tea Sets ScootersPile Drivers Sandy AndyMotorsl WOLF, WILE & CO.r 1Formerly'Kaufman, Straus & Co. jLexington, KentuckyNOWIS THE TIMETo Buy Your Jail and Winter Shoes.The only thing youwant to know is the shoestore that sells the moststylish and most reliableshoes shoes that lookgood and are good andgive you satisfaction inevery respect. This shoestore isFeld's Shoe Store,On Main Street, Between Sixlh and Seventh.rimi r hit iggWhen SantaIlilllSConiesEverything must be spic and span and withal cheerf ul and glowing with Yuletide warmth.At a first aid to clean flues and circulatingheat units allow us to recommend a way and meansFox Ridge CoalBy virtue of its purity performs just such offices inthe home of many and many a fellow townsmanwho is to be a holiday host.For that Xmassy exuberance Fox Ridge Coalsure noes wonders:Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.YV,1 Srtf h M;n St. Both Phones. 1,40--- .-- --5352-55. r -gf ...&? Jr.-.j,;i"Z"c ' -Si"3?J- ' "isimifcs.tiS' -J fri"-': JkJimm mm1 - - - z3&"HmS "-';'l Il-' ' I lSMsv??mr iii trillion: THE TRIMMING9JEssgsBflgaThe Short Jacket SuccessfullyCombines With thefull Flare SkirtNEW FORKh December 24.'The Christmas" spirit prevades theair. The shops are filled with thetoys and gifts of all descriptions andfor the nonce fashion is forgotten, atleast almost. .But by gazing aroundamong the shops one sees a few newthings displayed hoping to catch theeye of the practical giver.The one piece frocks which are sosmart this year are :o be seen in various styles. The dress of serge isserviceable and stylish, and one thatI saw not long ago was made simplyand in such good style that I shalldescribe it. The waist was very plain,Close-fitting, but not tight, and buttoned from the top of the high collar, For dressy frocks there is satingalore some of it with wonderfulhigh luster and some with a dull cireeffect. Faille silk in both .wide andnarrow cords will he much worn forstreet costumes. There is a beautiful silk known as "poult-de-aoie;" itis the same weave as faille, but iscrisp to the touch, like taffeta silk.In diagonal weave these are verysmart when combined with satin.Moire with a marking thatis scarcelyvisible is also shown. Taffetas assoft as chiffon are used for threepiece costumes.Trimming tor the suits depend, ofcourse, upon the individual who wearsit. There are flat silk Hercules braidsinall widths and applied in almostevery 'way. A smart finish for a suitis a binding of medium-width braidparticularly " one of the plainer type.For a dressy costume, black soutachebraid in fancy design with hand-embroideryin heavy black floss is mosteffective. Buttons are stunning jandare used in great profusion. Pocketsplay an important role this seasonand are to be found on all costumesfrom tailor-mades to evening gowns.Silk costumes are trimmed mostlycontrasting materials and wonderfullysmart combinations are seen. Thereare only touches of hand work and afew exquisitely soft sashes. Buttonsof every conceivable style and mostunusual designs are worn.The plain Short Coat With MilitaryCollar and Conservative Full Skirtto the waistline with round buttonsconcave in the center with four visibleholes with, which to sew it to thedress. The sleeves were set into asmall armhole and were long andclose-fitting, the same kind of buttonsonly smaller being used on the sleevesfrom elbow to wrist. The skirt wasclose-fitting at the hips and flaring atthe lower edge and outtoned straightdown the center-front. Around thewaist was worn a sash of the samecolored satin, which wound aroundthe waist once and tied loosely directly in the front.In the selection of a suit the womanwho will wear it, alone should be thejudge of the style, but she should beware of the over-long or over-shortcoat and skirt, for extremes in fashionare never in good taste. The styles arenew and smart if the skirts werenarrow, which they most certainlyare notr the silhouette would be exactly as it has been for months andmonths, but the arbiters of fashionhave widened the hems, taken widthfrom the hips, eliminated drapery andgiven us straight lines from nape ofthe-neck to the turn of our heel, broken only by fullness below the knee.The very short walking skirt promisesto be good; it is a delightfully convenient and comfortable fashion, butit can be over-done in a most conspicuous way. A woman with largehips or a mature figure will not lookwell in the style, and the thin, angular woman will, do well to carefullywatch every eighth of an inch that istaken off or put on the hem of herdress.The newest styles shown for the suitare the full skirts, with the shortjackets. One suit which. I have usedas an illustration is made of darkbrown broadcloth. The jacket isshort and made with a wide belt,which helps to give it the fashionableboxed appearance. Except for the buttons the entire suit is made of thebroadcloth, alone without ornamentation. Another version of the short coatand full skirt combined is shown inthe second illustration which ' is ofblue velour. The short jacket has a'shaped belt- on the lower and reverse- " - , fe ?- n "" - ' J g- " ----ArAAnother Version of the Short Jacketand the Plain Flare SkirtFor evening and dance frocks thematerials are exquisite and simplybeggar description. The thinnest andsoftest of chiffon is trimmed with tulleand fine crystal beads, and there arewhole frocks of fine silk net in themost beautiful shades. Liberty satinis greatly used and fine faille in delicate colors is soft and easily draped.tfrosty looKing tatfetas thai -are crisp,but very soft, are beautiful when combined with the filet laces that areoutlined with delicate silver threads.Satins in two tones are smart and arevery new. Bands of paillette are usedon.net and fringes of crystal and silver beads are very new. Bodices ofsilver pr metal thread materials aremade with skirts of deep lace flouncing, and any other desirable materialcan '-be substituted.Flowers, notably small pink rosesand gardenias are worn as corsage ornaments and give quite a touch tothe gown. Slippers are worn to matchgowns, but white and flesh-pink aregenerally the most popular colors, forthey combine well with all eveningshades. -They are" ornamented withsmall flat bows. A few of them areplain.Chiffons in novelty designs withhu,ge flowers" strewn over the surfaceare worn as a scarf, the colors harmon-WALTHte- -ivr-i-. fciAim5i'w iu :JzrMJ?TA r-sr r?""Z. . 9- Wfc MBaBBi .IBHGV IK UX 111Tm n4 it irni,rt-tkd tht thrmiWmMmUmiUmmaterials. Ia seitto fine j11 Hbdre8sycctume:bwfts-iftnne1aWipth 'aadill.leMiiiieif readily to;cue more Velabdrate -style " of suit.'Serges with a heavier: rib or a widerwale are moresuitable for 'the plainerand more "severe types. - Gabardine- isa very strong favorite also, and is oneof the smartest of materials, -it ismore of a novelty than'-a nlaim sereeandpromises to be tremendously popular for spring. Any style suit canbe made of it, for the character of thematerial gives it a great deal of style.Then there is that which i3 known asgabardine voile, a finer weave of thissame material, -for those who prefer alighter weight in cloth.Fine Ottoman cords are quite asmart novelty in woolen fabrics andnarrow faille weaves, the same as inthe silk, and are very new and distinctive. A. number of etamine clothsare shown. The weave of these iscloser and finer than 'that which wehave had in past years and it willdoubtless be a big success.3?' -- -' - Kwtsi' '-z. waWEA. -. 3??P$j4: 9SKKr -.- " -""'- 5 . ' - '."" j2- -New Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties, &- Dances, Etc '-:-.Horses Boarded By Day, Week r MMurf:iJ5Hauling of Every Description Done. Transfer Business a Specialty .5vr-j-. -Sr.--. -;5b'",-,f. fe"Our stables on Eighth Street will continue' under .tiiemanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Stree':place will' be run by Mn Ernest Martini '-':MARTIN BROS.Mablcstigth t., Main St Both PhonesrlT- -s,M ssssssssss sssssssssssssssl ssssssssssmBift''BSVBSSSSSSSSySSSSSSBSSfSJSJ SSSSSSSSSSSJ SJB$L00.K ;;'j'- ' -J 2-xr- .tt-.::$1.00i,?j - r---IIBefore Buying Your Christmas :SPresents Stop in and See Ourry.SPECIALSS'P'S-''m-issif ' ",Hwv.-. 3rrrti--"-. "?i?'3'.., aGOjamx- -." " "&JHf rifjIXMAS BASKET!I. - irI Composed of Staple and Fancy!To-foKlo Tiio-f 4-u nnu.:.xutuuO. JUOl Lilt; XlJllJfcf 1UJL - jjt-the "White Christmas.- .;v '.'- -i j:1 mmkf--''''- J'sfc-.X'. JoidsfBL: ' lyzz- j3" -r- .?:.-si-- -3iy i sraBT.-.-- ''SSl-' - -i,ifr3 iir-Mw -.- -jsHit i..v..--- ".-$s?-";' im aSLfcrSHs-vAA-' ' 19SS"'"" I BJrSx""i!-" ''' a- J3sm-C;..yt 7ss r&z-HIB SSSSt9p- - s" SBSSSSSS''.."-! '-nIS BL y ; IIBS'" --'"k--"'"( a-r BBvTrvjBSYC SI-L y-sf .ISIl:BJ "' m- SB"m I' J,sr -r'-I- wt;viv:y"A- JSj " Sr, -' ii'.KJ v-T. C LEINIHCash Grocer. Both PhonesCGEO.-W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED E1BALIE1BOTH'PHONES DAI 137; NIGHT 89CttlHWHHHHtlll 1 1 H'Mii Is l( Worth taring? iWISYOURx tmniAnAAIIIKO I XI uunuuu iCertainly?- Ask us to give you therates. We give especial attention to all farm business.Try us. Call 36 or 171 day,t 56 nightfW. 0. HINTON& SON,NEW FIRM.tTHETwio .H-l I1H"U l i HiUNION GENTRt UFE INSURANCE1sfrtTStrongest Csnvil ILowest Netilate. 'Miss Kate Jgajjf!MJLf 1I4I.iMISS EATEand the collar of the same materialas the rest of the suit. v The-skirt "is izing-with that of the gown. Tulle inr I circular, plain-fitting abound- the waist soft colors nmke ,an XQuUiteflniih,c aauuanus f ihowviwu; ; .- ,111? scarL kpr uveuiug; .eap.. -tlAAAIt a Til 1 1 1 III 1 1 IIThings might be worse. Not all ofthe boys are combing their halt backso they will- resemble sea lions.When you are feasting your eyes ona pretty Kgirl it is hard to believe thatA "Soul Mate" is a woman, you cango to for consolation whenyourwife ismad at you.' - , .1 This is a frountry. TfcBt-A Trince3s??who is wearing a silk erery Man believes that be Im aimion suit isf jusrasproudas if you toJorce other men to listen?t,M;AGENTlALSO-SOfcfetT-j.'Fire,VViand AuImt.'' 'Ui 'v BS-?r -i-Z7i7; t- ...' v iwKK.Vand will Vl,TU,f yonr consideratiMfM N-' -- ,315"-'-T-i -i??ALEIANBEt.neyigcou)drseiit. --it"ioas.2- B&3- "'wssT'tuniTKBy'sJ -Jl' ,.j4b1e59FwrfvI,f "1 X'IA--H.LfjIsA'Tjh IN "1;-; 1.-US OF MiUERSBURBMiss Mayme Flanders, of Paris,will spend the Chr&stinas holidaysherp as theguest of Miss Eva Mason.Dr. and Mrs. S. H. Creighton andfamily, of Indianapolis, Ind., have arrived to spend the Christmas holidays with Mrs. Creighton's mother,Mrs. Belle Taylor and family.Dr.W-,(x. Dailey was called toCincinnati v yesterday afternoon, bythe serious illness of his mother-in-1&W,Mrs. Alex Sanders, who wasstricken with paralysis. Mrs. Dailey""was ill and was unable to accompanylifer husband.Special Christmao services will1)0 held at the First Presbyteriancburch, Sunday, at 10:45 a, m.JEtev. Julian McClintock, of Corinth,Ky., will conduct the evening services at 7: 00. Rev. McClintock willpreach jat Hopewell church at 2:30 p.m. Th? public is .cordially invited toattend these services.BE AN EAGLE.Better join the Eagles Lodge whileBourbon Aerie has a sixty-day d:spu-sation. You may get in during thistime at the low cost of-5. Put i'iy"ooF petition to-day. (15-5t)VOUR CHRISTMAS CAKES.Leave your order for what cakes youwsrt.C. P. COOKCO.CLAY'S SAUSAGE.jfEsist upon Clay's sausage 15-otANNOUNCES RULING.5a' the Fayette Circuit Court, Tues -tic.?, Judge Charles Kerr held that lit-tleRachel McClintock, the seven-year-old" daughter of Mr. and Mrs. JamesD. IcClintock, of Paris, who were di-vorced some time ago, could spendT'riday afternoons and Saturdays with"hec -father, and the remainder of-theilie Bedford announce their candidacywoek with her mother. Mrs. McClin-xosK brought the action against herroTojer husband to restrain him frominterfering with the child, alleging thatife defendant insisted he could see hisd;rcghter oftener than the motherti ought he sohuld.NOTICE.The annual election of officers,Paris Lodge No. 2, F. & A. M., will beMd at 7:30 p. m., Monday evening,December 28, 1914.AH members are requested to benrcsent as a communication from theCteand Master will be read in which"everyone will be interested.Signed Committee.f2-2t)SEE LONGO FOR FRUITS.Select Jine for the Christmas trade.Oranges, 15, 20, 25 and 30 cents perdpr.en; grape fruits, six for 25 cents,&n(l four for 25 cents; extra fancy apples, 30 cents per peck; bananas 15cents, per doz, at(18-3t) TOM LONGO.ft,Open Every Evening Until Xmas.IS " f TteriBslPf iyssA-jf S, GwiJ'iMkiB'sAw V (MAIL GRDCRS FILLED)I "SLIPPERS MAKE AN IDEAL GIFT!The greatest line of Holiday Slippers ever shown Slippers plain and Slippersfancy Slippers,f or every member of the family are here atClean-Up Prices. Every Holiday Shoe and Slipper Must Be Sold.Ladies' and Gentlemen's High GradeOf the Walk-Over and Other Famous Makes, AllAt Specially Reduced Prices.1 Mtap-I H 1 .. K fH lBtt" f. - J: JS. -. Lift sA fJitL1 I ID JHfcf- y B(Bw HMDCHRISTMAS NEWS IN PARISFOURTEEN YEARS AGO.Judge Harmon Stitt gave receptionto members of the Bourbon County jBar Association, at his office, withmusciale and banquet.Editor J. L. Bosley announced thediscontinuance of his paper, The ParisReporterColored citizens at Ruddles Millsindulge in shooting "bee" at colorednliurch. Lon Glenn, colored, stam-pedes the congregation by shootingnut the liehts 'Miss "Lucy Thornton, of Paris, andMr. Roy C. Ellis, of Cincinnati, marri-ed at the Presbyterian church by Dr.RutherfordrMr. J. V. Lytle resigns his posi-tion as Superintendent of the ParisGas Works. It is rumored that thegas company and electric light com-nanv will rnnniirintp under nne man-agement. .Chales McMillan, of Paris, clerk mthe Agricultural DeDartment at Wash-ington, received Christmas present ithe shape of a handsome increase insalaryThe old James Ingels home, onSouth Main street, purchased by Mr.J. C. C. Mayo, of Pikeville.Judge C. D. Webb shipped a 25-pound turkey from the famous Barlow flock for tihe Christmas dinner ofhis friend, Mayor Julius Fleischman,in Cincinnati.Walsh Distilling-Company wins suitagainst the city of Paris to compelchanging of city limits so as to leave- their plant outside the city limitsDennis Logan, colored boy, instant -ly killed in Ruckerville by strayDunet nreu uy uruiiK.eu uegiuca jci -brating Christmas. "Son" Canady arrested charged with the shooting.Christmas dance at the Odd Fellows' Hall by the Suffolla Club.Every one of the twenty-four Parisgirls present at the dance is nowmarried. -John B. Wakely, of Paris, shot andj killed Sid Ellis, of Lexington, atNewport News, 'a., during difficulty.Beautiful song service rendered atthe Catholic church. Congregationpresented Rev. Father E. A. Burke. with Durse of $187.Mr. F. L. McChesney and Miss Nel-for the office of Superintendent ofJ County Schools.Largest Christmas crowd in townfor many years. Merchants reportbig trade and stores filled with buyers.EASY MONEY.Cash your "Bill Smith" checks atPARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.BOX CHRISTMAS CANDIES.Our line of fancy Christmas boxcandies can't be surpassed, especiallyLowneys. Put up in fancy boxes fromone pound up. Buy a box for yourbest girl.18-3t) JAS. E. CRAVEN.The Slits in the Skirts and the Costof Living seem to be having a contestas to who can sneak up the highest.DELICIOUS FRUITS.Call and see us for your Christmascandy delicious fruits and otherholiday supplies.(x) J. E. CRAVEN.THEFEWThe People This Year Have Realized That The SENSIBLEGifts Are The Ones Most Appreciated.Christmas Slippers For Men, Womenand Children.Ladies' Fur Trimmed Nullifiers, allEadies Comfortable Felt Slippers,Men's Turn-Sole Nulliffers, blackMen's Felt Slipperjmd E verettsOpen Eveningsasr co kc e 3sr 7 sGreatest Shoe Store : ,---B B iHltoS BEfJiHIB9Him HB S fc-JflMHHMBflfeIF.." - . .. - , -' .J--."w- - -,r. l.s,- .t .-. -.. ,-- .,t,-, -,. jl0;tr3r,rt:jfi:.fe.---- -'-' " -- '?..':: -- :-' f v; -,r. ,j :U'--&..-'A . f--?:Q ' '' .. v . . i - . - i . 2 - - r. , - j-- w -w r, . j o ?t -, t v -,- - -.- -a- .' --' . .c. - ur ' - f - x - c. -" -K-i. '. - - -ti.'v . v . v; ' . -.."." ".'' --3.THE BOURBON NEWS,, .PARIS, ;MMMMMMHHiMMHMpMpMHIigSOCIAL AHD PERSOHALMrs- Jaraes Bradley is very ill ather home on Higglns avenue,Mrs. Henry Craig and son, ofGeorgetown, are guests of her, parents,Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W. Davis.Dr. and Mrs. H. E. Foster areguests of the former's parents, Dr.and Mrs. Foster, in Owenton.Mr. John R. Roche is visiting hissister, Mrs. J. B. J. Nienaber, in Chat-tanooga, Tenn.Mrs. John J. Shaw, of Cincin-natf WN De he guest of Judge andMrs. E. E. January, during the Christ-mas holidays.Misses Marion and ElizabethClay Alexander are at home fromschool in Cincinnati to spend the holi-day wth relatives in jlie city andcounty .'r Mr. Ellis D. Hayden, of Toronto,Canada, is spending the Christmasnouaays wiui nis perents, mr. auu mrs.j. w. nayaen.Mr. Clay Sutherland has arrivedirom his Southern trip to spend theholidays with his parents, Mr. and Mrs.belle Sutherland, in this city.Mr. Paul Snyder, the expert ac-; countant, of Louisville, and Mr. R. R.Revelle, of Frankfort, were in Paristhis week attending the Alexandertiial in the Bourbon Circuit Court.Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Harris returned Wednesday from Birmingham,Ala., where they went to attend the! wedding of, Mr. Harris' broiiher, Mr.j George Harris, to Miss Helen Abbott,i"i. -nu v...?.Misses Jane Adams, of Frankfort;Anne and Genevieve Molloy, of Lexington, and Minnie Ball Moore, of Harrodsburg, were guests of Miss FrancesChampe for the dance at the MasonicTemple, Wednesday evening.Friends in the city and countyhave received the following invitations: "James W. Thompson invitesyou to a dance at the Masonic Hall,Paris, Ky., on the evening of December 31, 1914, at 8 o'clock. Please Reply." Misses Helen Daugherty andElise Varden, of Paris, were amongtjhe guests present at the wedding ofMiss Louise Hampton Jefferson, ofLexingtoriT and Mr. Coleman Sharp-ucnew, ol vvmenescer, at Lexington,Saturday.Luke Connelley, the little son oMrs. Mary Connelley, is very ill atthe home of his mother, on Cypressstreet. Luke U a bright and popularlittle fellow and he has a host of goodfriends here who wish his illness maybe of short duration.The Bourbon Dancing Club willentertain at Masonic Temple on nextWednesday, the 30th. Mr. and Mrs.Stanhope Wiedemann will lead.Dancing will begin promptly atT 8 : 30.Miss Buchanigni will furnish the music. All members will please call onW. R. Blakemore not later than Monday and secure tickets.Miss Mary Ross, who has been aguest of her sister, Mrs. PercyThnmnsnn. lins returned to her home in nin-rt ononH tiio iiniiriavcA number nf Hich School atu-held its ilrst meeting at the home ofMrs. II. L. Clark, on High street,rlanfc 1-i'n frfriorJ a enniofu yimHi thljf5 WAV tn T.PVinplOn. WllPrP. lie Will Hldb Milunusual name of "Nobody's Business j spend Christmas with "his parents. (x)But Our Own Society." The society Mr. L. S. Brown, the District.A 1915 Art Calendar FreeLASTDAYS!colors. . . 89c to $1 .49all colors, at..", o.t 49cpr tan 99c to $ 1.49. 49c to 99cKENTUCKY;.!SBr- -yedhef day- evening, the members ,hawing, a moaienjoyaoie ums. srMrs. R. L. Pyte is' a guest of, rela-tives in Campbellsville, Ky rf- Tisr M.rv Ton Messhcnit. .ofLouisville, who is attending school inLexington, was the guest of theMisses Crutcher for the dance Wednesday night.Mr. Monroe Sweeney, who is attending Bethany College, at Bethany,West Va., arrived Wednesday to spendthe holidays with his mother, Mrs.Alice Sweeney.SCHRISTMAS DECORATIONS.Holly, Moss and Magnolia wreathsat Logan Howard's. 22-2t ;OPEN NIGHTS.We are now open nights. We offera very extensive line of ChristmaspresentsCome in and select yoursTHE J. VT. HINTON CO.now.(It)JAPANESE DEER FORSTATE GAME PRESERVE.Three Japanese deer will be added-to the stock of Kentucky big game being bred in- the mountains of Bellfcounty. President A. H. Smith, of theNew York Central, through Game andFish Commissioner R. Rr. Burnam, ofRichmond, has promised "ExecutiveAgent Ward that he will send twodoes and a buck of this variety fromHeart's Delight Farm, Chay, N. Y.The deer now in the preserve aremultiplying and thriving. Hungarianpartridges in the preserve also are increasing rapidly.CHOICE INVOICE OF FRESH NUTSMixed nuts of all kinds, at(x) TOM LONGO'S.FANCYCHEESE.Edam, Pineapple, Roqueford, Neuf-shatel and New York Cream Cheese.C. P. COOK & CO.HOME TELEPHONE NOTES.Mr. Chas. B. Harris, cashier, isspending Christmas with his parentsnear Louisvilla."Mi3s Maude Day took dinner withIher parents in the country.Mr.Sv. H. Cannon, Equipment Manager, whose marriage announcementto Miss Nancy Jones, of near Millersburg, was recently published, spent.Christmas day with Miss Jones' par-tents, Mr. and Mrs. u. ti. Jones, inthe county. NMiss Clemie Lusby, Chief Operator,will visit Maysville during the holidays. V 'Mr. John J. Lynch, Maysville manager, passed through Paris enroute toNicholasville to spend Ohristmas athome.I ir att rr ni-or. Aronoiroi. of r'o. i.mi. v. v.. vanillin, iuoboi en. .i lisle, passed through Paris on his wayto spend Christmas with his mother. at Lawrenceburg. !- i. ATr F.impr Thnmnsnn. f.mhier at.Mavsville. naid Paris a short .visit oni Cableman, is spending Christmas withj his mother in Louisville.rALKKER,FootwearStyles,ifc 0A 9mr tu. &t m. '- - rt- -V H I" r x me IO Mrm ifflJita' r ft i -; "tea' I ft '25, J9WSt. Peter's Episcopal church, Rev.Geo. H. Harris, -rector; Christmas service at10:45 a. m. Christmas Day;Sunday, Sunday school at 9:30 and services at 10:45 a. m. A cordial' invitation is extended to the public.On Tuesday afternoon, at the Mas-Isie Memorial Hospital, to the wife ofMr. wmie v araen, a daugnter. Mrs.Varden was formerly Miss MaryLisle.CHRISTMAS WINES.Call on Ed. Slattery for your Christmas wines. (x)Clay's Sausage.(15-5t-T)CANDIES LONGO HAS THEM.Christmas candies of all kinds, at(x) " -TOM LONGO'S.,JOSSELSON. .Mr. Jos. Josselson, of this city,received intelligence Sunday of thedeath of hi3 cousin, Mr. Frank Josselson, in Cincinnati. Mr. Josselsonwas a well-known merchant of Ashland, Ky., where lis fiad been in business tor several years.EADS.Mrs. Mary E. Eads, aged 73 years,died Wednesday morning at the homeof her son-in-law, Edward Kennedy,on the Ruddles Mills pike, about twomiles from Paris. She was the widowof J. W. Eads, who died about fouryears ago. Mrs. Eads' death was dueto a' storks of paralysis whic hshe sustained recently.Mrs. Ead3 is survived by five sonsand five daughters Mrs. Ed. Kennedy, Mrs. David Stevens and Mrs.Gus Woodard, of Paris, and Mrs. LouMcLoney and Mrs. Nat McLoney, ofHarrison county. Messrs. WilliamEads, of Lexington, James, John andi Jesse Eads, of Paris.The funeral services were held yesterday morning at eight o'clock "atthe home of Mr. Kennedy, conductedby Rev. J. S. Sims, of the Paris Methodist church. The body was taken -toScott county for burial in the Beardcrave vardife 'NICE AND SENSIBLE PRESENTS.Full line, of ladies' and men's housei! slippers. Nothing nicer for fi Christ-GEO. McWILLIAMS.NEWS OF SECRET ORDERS..The annual election of officers ofParis Lodge No. 2, F. & A. M., will beheld at 7:30 o'clock Monday eveninsr.Dec. 28. All. members are requestedto be present, as a communicationfrom the Grand Master will be read,in whicfi everyone will be interested, jBourbon Lodge I. O. O. F. sent a!check for ?50 to the Bourbon CountyHealth and Welfare League. This order is always ready to respond in asubstantial way to. any worthy charitable cause.NOTICE.Paris, Ky., December 5, 1914.Notice to Physicians and Heads ofFamilies:The law requires that all contagiousand infectious diseases be madeknown to the Board of Health asearly as a diagnosis of the diseaseis made. The penalty for failure is$5 for each day thereafter not so reported. Will it not reasonably occurto the responsible party that almostirreparable results may follow negligence in this matter? Please be governed by the law.A. H. KELLER,President of the Health Board.(8dec-tf)DO THE RICH HAVE CONTEMPT FOR THE POOR.In the January "Woman's Home Companion Katherine Norris, writing aserial story entitled "UneducatingMary," presents as her principal character a young married woman, namedMary Constable, who when, she was jmob maiiiuu to iiu au.u. xxv o:iu j.opoor. In the following extract shetells how she used to look at povertywhen she was rich and how she looksat it now that she is poor herself:"Poverty but hadn't there alwaysseemed to be something wrong withpeople who were always poor? Something to criticize, something at whichto wonder, sopie quality to which onefelt superior? Mary's cheeks burnedsometimes when she remembered hercrisp criticisms of men "who allowedtheir wives to go on year in and yearout without a servant."And she thought with a new understanding and pity of those womenof her own old world, 'society women,'who had struggled year out in year into maintain the pretense of financialease Women, thought Mary, who hadattempted sogallantly to replace withwitty conversation and daring innovation the luxuries to which their guestswere accustonied. And the guests, toooften, saw through, the pitiful littleprefetise and laughed at it, despisedit."EIGHT YEAR OLD.Havtf-you tideli JBd. Slattefy's eieht,yeoia'-wttiglfey-at fl Dcqiiart? If, irRElttliBIRTHSOATHSMATRIMONIAL.STONE McILVAINMiss Mary Morgan Stone, of Fl-m.ingsburg, and Mr. Alexander Mcllvataof Fleming county, were married Tuesday by Rev. J. T. Sharrard, at his residence in this city. They were ac-mawdT?y.MiS3 Mattie Jones andMr. F. W Harbeson, of Flemingsbmrg.The bride is the only daughter ofDr and Mrs. Stone, of Flemingsbmrand is a very attractive young woman'Mr. Mcllvaln is a prosperous younefarmer of Fleming county.After the ceremony Mr. and MrsMcllvain left for a bridal trip to Cincinnati, and upon their return will bat home to their friends at the groom'sresidence near Flemingsburg.MILLER-BUCHANAN., The announcement made Tuesday of the marriage of Miss JennieMiller, of this city, to Mr. HoraceBuchanan, of near Hutchison, camein the nature of a surprise to themany friends here of the bride. Theannouncement was made by thebride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. OscarMiller, of Paris.The bride, who i3 a very attractiveand charming young woman, was forseveral years a teacher of one of thecounty schools in Bourbon county.For the past two years she has beenteaching in the High School at Ashlanw. Last Saturday, Mr. Buchanan wentto Louisville presumably on a business trip, and was joined there byMiss Miller, according to a previousarrangement, and they were marriedby Rev. Dr. Fenner.Mr. and Mrs. Buchanan will go tohousekeeping at the groom's countyhome near Hutchison.WOODFORD DODGEA marriage of more than usualinterest was that of Miss Mary Woodford and Mr. James Dodge, which wassolomnized Wednesday evening at 6o'clock at the home of the bride'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Ben Woodford,near Paris.The news of this marriage was apleasant surprise to the many friendsofthe contracting parties, as no announcement of their engagement hadbeen made and no invitations wereissued. The ceremony, which wasimpessively performed by Rev. Dr.B. M. Shive, was witnessed by only"the immediate relatives and closestfriends of the couple.The bride, who is one of the mostattractive young women of Bourboncounty, was exquisitely t gowned inwhite with a tulle veil gracefully falling about Qier form. The bridegroomis one of the most prosperous farmers in the county, and is a splendidgentleman. He has just completed ahandsome home on the North Middletown pike, near Paris. The bride andbridegroom were preceded to thedrawing room by little ElizabethClay and William Wornall, Jr., whoacted as ribbon bearers, and WoodfordWornall was the handsome little ringbearer.After tfae ceremony an elegant supper was served at beautifully appointed tables attractive in the weddingdecorations. Mr. and Mrs. Dodgewill go to housekeeping in their homeafter a wedding journey.DOLL GO-CARTS.See our line of Go-Carts, for thedollA. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.(ll-2t)EASY MONKEY.Qash your "Bill Smith' checks atPARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.FANCY NUTS IN SHELL.There isn't a store in Paris that canequal them.. C. P. COOK & CO.A man likes to see some other man'swife display her nether props whenshe hoists to make the rear step on astreet car. But he gets mad all over ifhis wife does it.Truth is elastic. But if you stretchit, it will fly back and sting you.WANTEDClothing, hat and furnishing goodssalesman for retail store. Address"Clothing," care of Bourbon News.(25-tf)Furnished Rooms.Furnished or unfurnished rooms forrent on Duncan avenue. Home phone308. (25-3t-pd)WeTiiankYonFor your patronage during the jyear of 1914,and extend to you ourbest wishes for the NewYear and trust that success and prosperity willbe yours.Sincerely, vParis 6a$ electric gj!. - . -7S-ft-ri&? XIC0Li,Forated.) -5.- -i a -w- -" .' . - i -, . - - i , k ',- 7 -.. f - -rtT y t . .,-u -? . s a. .- -r"j -air - --0 - a -i. fc-j, . t.tffc.s. i . r f-x - i&;saC:;. ' ' " - ' ? . " ' fc "" T'J. " - "" j . . i - ' t.r - , r t