s-w""7'- t.W; r5s "? "V !i' -u- "jA jET'.,. . .i'i'. f- - "? ,!. v: i, &jr -PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AKD FRIDAY IN THE YEARi...VOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4 1914.S'S rBCHJRBON- MEWS1MLa5P1iSIANSNEARTHEWMNE,Bourbon County People Traveling in Europe HeardFrom.ARE NOT INMUCH DANGER.Wiii Have to Cut Out Frenchand German Tour Be-cause of War.Much interest and some anxiety isbeing manifested here among the relatives and friends of the Paris people who sailed from New York onJuly 9. on the steamship Carpathia,lor a European tour. It is probablethat they are now in the war-troubledzone. Mrs. Sidney G. Clay and-daugh-ter,Miss Alice Rogers Clay, Mr. and.Mrs. Jas. H. Thompson and son,sailed on the Carpathia, the samesteamer which carried on its passenger list the Lexington Herald's contest winners. The party" has beenheard from indirectly, being in Najpies, Italy. On the voyage out ofNew York they ran through threedays of fog, the captain remaining onthe bridge continuously. The onlyone of the party affected by sea sickness was Mr. James Thompson, Sr.Mr. Thompson, Jr., took part in allgames aboard the ship, and won several of the sporting events. Mrs.Clay was ill for a short time, butsoon recovered. They wrote thattheir trip to Germany would be sidetracked owing to the state of war prevailing there. Miss Fannie Johnson,of Paris, and Miss Anna Louise Best,of Millersburg, who are studyingmusic in Berlin, had gone to Londonfor a summer trip, and intended to return to Berlin lor a year's stay. but,owing to the stats "of ' warTana thedifficulty in obtaining funds now theirstay in London would be a matter ofexpediency. Mr. Chris. Grosche, formerly of Paris, and who has been conducting a bakery and confectionerybusiness in Montgomery, Ala., for several years, left New York severaldays ago, in company with his wife,on the steamer Imperator, for a tripto Westphalia, Germany, to spend amonth in revisiting the scenes of hisyouth in and around that historicTeuton country, and it is probable hewill have some difficulty in returning.His sons, Henry, Will, Frank andJoseph, who reside here, have heardnothing from him, but are confidenthe will return safely.The future route of the Paris partyis a matter of dubt, and as war nowactually exists between Germany andFrance, the party may not be allowedto travel in those countries.E,OURBON CROPS BADLYIN NEED OF RAIN.There is little of interest to engagethe attention in the agricultural districts these mid-summer days. Alllines of business are' dull, and every,one seems to be taking a rest whichwill insure renewed activity with theapproach of autumn.More rain 'is badly needed, thoughhard rains fell in some sections of thecounty last Sunday. Not a drop hasfallen since, however, and some partsof the county had a very little rainthen.There is still a scarcity of freshvegetables, gardens having literallydried up, and consumers must depend upon imported fod stuffs tosupply their tables.The corn' shows some improvement.Peaches are coming in plentifully,though they are small. Prices aregoing higher on vegetables, fruits,chickens and milk.The coming of August marks theopening of the hunting season, butdoves are scarce, at least in this" locality. Two years' protection of thisdeliciuos table bird would insure alarger number for the sportsman's enjoyment. It is said that squirrels andrabbits are abundant. The presenceof so many squirrles is rather surprising, for these little animals, likeother game in this part of the State,b.ave been diminishing. If the seasonwere closed, to tnem as to doves tor ayear or two, the woodlands and fieldswould be much 'more attractive tosportsmen.WAISTS REDUCED.$1.50 Waists at 98c, atHARRY SIMON'SBLACKBERRIES.If you want blackberries order inthe nextHhree days, as the crop willbe exhausted in that time. We havenice ones.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.BLUE GRASS NEEDS.At a meeting of Lexington bankersThursday morning it was decided thatat least $1,000,000 will be immediatelynecessary for crop-moving uses inLexington, and Secretary of theTreasury McAdoo was so advised bywire.out at 3 o'clock this afternoon. Thisaction confirms the belief that theBritish government is ready to takeits part in the struggle." INVASION OF FRANCE. "PARIS, FRANCE, Aug. 2. Germantroops have crossed the French frontier at a point near the village ofCirey, between Nance and Strassburg,and the German soldiers who lastnight invaded the grand duchy of Luxemburg, neutral territory betweenBelgium and Germany, are reportedas marching on the French fortifiedtown of Longwy.Apparently the German army isduplicating the first movement of theFranco-Prussian war.BERLIN, GERMANY, Aug. 2. Anofficial statement issued to-day says:"In consequence of a Russian attack on German territory, Germany isin a state of war with Russia. TheFrench reply to the German representation is of an unsatisfactory character. "Moreover, France has mobilizedAnd an outbreak of war with Francemust, therefore, be reckoned with anyday or any moment."Another statement declares thatRussia has invaded Germany duringa time of peace, "in flagrant contradiction of Russia's peaceful assurances'RUSSIANS INVADE GERMANY.BERLIN, GERMANY, Aug. 2. ARussian column, swith artillery, hacrossed the German frontier atSchwmden, southeast of Bialla.Two squadrons of Russian cossacksare riding in the direction of Johannesburg, in East Prussia, fifteen milesfrom the frontier.A Russian patrol last night crossedthe German frontier near Eichenreid,m Posen, and attacked the Gefman.guard at the railroad bridge over theWarthe. Two Germans were wounded. The attack was repulsed. Thestaff also announced the crossing ofihe frontier by a Russian column nearSchwinden.The above information, the statement adds, shows that Russia has invaded German territory and that warlias actually begun.BRUSSELS, Aug. 2. The first conflict in the air in history was wagedlast night over the little village ofToul. At sunset the villagers weresent into a panic by the sight of amonster Zeppelin dirigible hoveringabove them.It 'was momentraily expected thatthe war airship would drop bombsinto the village, and excitement ranhigh when a French military aviatorgot his machine and rose to a greatheight above the Zeppelin and beganriddling it with bullets.The huge air crafe fell to theground and in descending the Frenchaviator lost control of his monoplane,fell and was instantly killed.BECKHAM1fgpftiA IThis Trio of Kentuckians ToGrace the Halls ofCongress."WE KNOW HOW'.ELECTION PASSED: VERY QUIETLY.Hon. Claude M. Thomas Defeated After Putting UpAGame Fight.MESSAGES CENSORED.LONDON, ENG., Aug. 3. The Commercial Cable Company sent out astatement to the effect that the British Secretary of State announced thatmessages sent from the United Statesto England would be subject to cenSITUATION IN ITALY tiRAVE.ROME ITALY, Aug. 2. The warsituation, is far as Italy is concernedmore grave to-day. The censorshiphas succeeded in suppressing all newsexcept a short, colorless official statement that "Italy is calm and will notmobilize, but will conform her conduct to treaty obligations."AMERICANS IN EUROPE.WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 3 TheState Department officials admittedthat the most serious problem confronting them was the plight of Americans -abroad. They estimated that at uo ". . .. tnnnnn A nni1ionc QC TYinnV fl.S ! I1 OUriUleast -LUU,UUU O.JUU. jjoi.x"!' "" - i300,000 were scattered tnrougnouiEurope. The disorganization of European 'exchange nas maae it prauncally impossible to cash checks or letters of credit. American consulates,legations and embassies are devoid offunds for the emergency which hassuddenly confrounted them. They arebeing 'beseiged on all sides with requests for financial assistance.The only America, warship in European waters are the little gunboatScorpion, station ship aty Constantinoble, and the battleship Maine atVillafranche.With nine counties still unheardfrom and reports from a number ofothers incomplete, returns,' receivedup to last midnight indicated thenomination of former Governor J.-C.W. Beckham over Congressman A. O.Stanley by a plurality of 2,587 in Saturday's Democratic long-term Senatorial primary. The missing countieswere for the. most part of the mountain districts principally the Tenthand Eleventh the returns from whichare generally the last to arrive.Returns received from 111 out of120 counties of the State gave thefollowing totals: Beckham, 60,215;Stanley, 57,628; McCreary, 17,467.Thus counties reporting since Saturday midnight served to swell Mr.Beckham's plurality by 965.Though Stanley clings desperatelyto the bare hope that the final countmay give him a scant margin, belated returns which continue to come into-day only strengthen Beckham's"claims to have carried the State byv12,000 majority.Beckham h.as carried 93 of the 120counties. Eight of the eleven districts have given him a majority.His concession of three districts toStanley, made by his campaign managers several days before the primary,Lhas ibeen. borne out- . r-Governor McCreary's surprisinglypoor race' with scarcely a creditablerepresentation anywhere, was a matter of much political comment.to-day.The" Governor's meager vote Ms conceded to have weighed heavilyagainstStanley's chances.Beckham's battle cry, "right thewrong," referring to his former Senatorial ambitions and their 'denial atthe hands of a Democratic Legislature, is believed to have been a bigfactor in his victory.Johnson N. Camden's tremendousmajority throughout the State for theshort term nomination is an outstanding feature of the primary. Camdenswept the entire State by a vote thatis remarkable. Only the official returns can tell the story.Among the Republican races for thebig stakes that between Wilson andErnst is still very close, though theformer Governor is said to have asafe margin. Later returns tend tocut down his apparent lead of 2,000,and a few hundred votes may win therace when the count is all in.Bullitt made a runaway of the shortterm nomination.The Progressive vote in the Statewas so- light that few reports of itwere made. -Burton Vance, of Louisville, had a comfortable lead over hisopponent, Judge George W. Jolly, ofOwensboro. 'In the Democratic races the following winners and their majorities inround figures are given:First District Barkley, Dem., 2,700.Second District Kincheloe, Dem.,6,400.Third District Thomas, Dem., 2,-000.District Johnson, Dem.,If You Want to SaveSeveral Dollars: t -.Come To Our Store andBuy a Suit.V.We have reduced in price all Men'sand Boys' Suits,' as well as the extralight weight Coats and Pants. Buy nowand save money.'All Sizes In Suits. A FewSizes at Half Price.vy25"; Wc"Mitchell & Blakemore,ferhe Store forMen's StylesParis, Kentucky9FRANK & CO.CMif JLiEPAIJCE SJJLtNow Going On!ENGLAND IS PREPARING.LONDON, ENGLAND, Aug. 2.Germany, having invaded France, itis felt in London that the time for action on -the part of England has arrived. There is reason to believe that atthe Cabinet meeting to-day preparations were completed for suah instant action a the ciroumsjaaacesmayx demand.Tfce aaral rrote jfmcLONDONT ENG. The position tobe taken by the British Empire reminprt still to be defined this morning, but it was feared that Germany sseizure of Belgian territory would bea decided factor which would lead theBritons to take the sword in .hand, asunder the treaty of London in 1839Great Britain sfands pledged to maintain Belgium's neutrality. It is veryprobable that England will declarewar on Germany.ADD WARBRUSSELS, Aug. 3. A Germanbanker, crossing the frontier in an au-nT.il p nontainine $1,400,000 in goldwas held up by Frendh'troops and thegold was taxem irom iniu. xl ""-;r was ira a chck Hrthe Bank ofFraace in exoHaage. ,8,000.Fifth District Sherley, Dem., ,9,200.Sixth District No contest.Seventh District Cantrill, Dem., 6,700. ' ,Eighth District No contest.Ninth District F-3ids, Dem., 6,000.Tenth District No contest.Eleventh District Powers, Rep.,8,000.Aside from the Powers race in theEleventh, there were only three otherRepublican Congressional races in theState. Bristow won by default in theSeventh; Ball won in the Fourth andIreland in the Ninth. Gardner, Progressive, won in the Fifth by 1,000majority."BOURBON COUNTY.The election in Paris and BourbonCounty passed off quietly, it being themost orderly primary in the history ofthe county. xComplete returns in most of theraces show the following results:Senator for long term: Beckham 1,280; McCreary, 224; Stanley, 528.Beckham over Stanley 752, over McCreary 1,036, over both 508.For Congress: Thomas, 1,278; Cantrill, 833. Thomas' majority, 445.- For short term with four pre-.,cincts out of twenty missing gives iCamden, 1,259; Smith, 50; Young, 69. KFull Teturn will-shoWs Camden's naa-y,(Contimned on age 8v5izt4-SPECIAL OFFERINGOPLadies' and Misses' Suits' Worth Regularly 20.00 and $25.00$5.00NOWEACHLadies' and Misses' SergeDresses,Z Worth Regularly $7.50 and $10:00NOW$3:95EACH4f 1-These Suits and Dresses areWorthy of Your CarefulInspection.!ii4t44t44'I4 4'a"I''I'va'4'4'4'I":"I'0-I'-I'-I"I'-l'a"I"I'4'4''I"I''I"I"I'4'4-'I"I--I"I"I"I''l'FRANK 6c CO.-The Store Where.Reliability Reigns. :,W&w..lift.r?vT-13.,,v- 4J.j- - -w3.&vT-vV-5fc-4iX t' y .8hseeiyij?j v"TWg V??7W:iTHE- BOURBON NEWS.I FiMUS, iJCENTUClCYi AIKSJST3 19.14fCsEh.Ir 11fJM11vjv1'Banish the "Blues!If you have that depressed feeling it's more than likely that yonrWood is out of order impoverished or poisoned.There is only one thing that will alter your present conditionthat's to restore your stomach to normal health and strength, uor'a weak or diseased stomach cannot make good blood. If yourdigestion is bad your food will not make the good blood whichnourishes body, Drain, neart anuBMaHBMtBEHMffmiEjW'MMWhelps the stomach to do its work naturally and properly. StimuJthe liver. The system is freed from poison. The blood is pun;H mranoM Tnsnrl nf the "Blues." 5TOU feel fitstrong, equal to any task or up to any pleasure.'This great remedy has proved its worth year after year for over'jbrty yeara. Let it prove its worth to you. Sold by medicine dealerain tablet or liquid form or send 50c for trial box by maiLS31 me-cet stamps to pay cctof miGBonIy oa a .free SfcSSTaWSease Medical Adviser. 1008 pages, dothbouad. Address Dr. VJC Pierce BttffaW.riVKIV Ull!aU IS IblUlbUUWUl iuuwIF YOU HAVE AHOME TELEPHONEUse It For YourLong Distanceas consistently as you do for your local business. Youcan reach the party you want quickly andjjget efficientservice at reasonable rates over theHome Long Distance Lines. "If u do not have a Borne Telephone' now, call theManager's office, 427, for rates and have installed.tu Paris Rome Ctlepbone and CeWarapb o.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.FazjmLEINIHAN'SGASH SPECIALS!20 pounds Granulated Sugar $1.00(with a $3.00 purchase.)25 pounds Purity Flour 75 .50 pounds Purity Flour 1.5025 poundsRed Cross Flour 7550 pounds Red Cross Flour 1.5025 "pounds Lancaster Flour 6550 pounds Lancaster Flour 1.3017 pounds Magnolia Flour 3525 pounds Magnolia Flour 65Mason Fruit Jars, Rubber, SealingWax, Paraff ine.Stone's SiSver Slice Cakes ReceivedFresh Every pay.T. C. LENIHAN.Cash Grocery.M Both Phones 234iPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSunday, AUG. 975cRoundTripSCENERY RECREATION MUSICTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 am.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further information.H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.tf.M. HAMILTONVCTERI N ARI ANOffice, Clarke's Drug StorePlaones 50. Residence phones:Cumberland 546, Home 449.JV PARIS; KY.' " ACttmiy Lir .Stock Inspector.nerve.Stimulatesurified.vou teei nx anaw . mCHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.SJI75cRoundTripExpert CarriagePainterMr. Percy Hahn," the'expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast 8 yers, has opened a shop at thecorner of Fouth nd High Streets, andsoiiciu luo yauuuagt; ui uiutj needing anything in his line.Both PhoMf UZ. . ' w Sl"5 :r llJlXSWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postofflce as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $lx.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspapers stock intrade and source of revenue.EASIER TOSHIPLIVESTOCK NOW.New regulations governing me in-terstate movement of live stock became effective July 1, 1914. Thesechanges are destined by the Department of Agriculture to facilitate themovement of live stock from quarantined areas or from public stockyards.The new regulations, which areknown as B. A. I. (Bureau of AnimalIndustry) Order 210, .superseding B.A. I. Order 143 deal with the shipment of cattle from tick-infectedareas, with the movement of swinefrom public stockyards and with thedipping of cattle and sheep forscabbies.Hereafter cattle that have been dipped once under State or Federal supervision may be shipped from anarea quarantined for 'ticks to a market center where there are properdipping facilities and the Departmentof Agriculture maintains an inspector.After a second dipping there under hissupervision the cattle may be sold forany purpose. Hitherto it has beennecessary in times of drouth for cattle owners in quarantine areas toslaughter their stock or sell it forslaughter for whatever it wouldbring. The resulting loss will, it ishoped, be done away with under thenew regulation.The provision permitting, undercertain strict conditions, the transportaton of hogs from public stockyardsinto interstate commerce has beenmade possible by the discovery byGovernment scientists of a serumwhich renders swine immune to hogcholera. Hitherto all stockyardshave been considered as infectedwith this disease. Now, however, itis considered safe to permit the shipment of hogs which have been treated with the serum and which showno symptoms of suffering from anyform of disease. As a result of thisit is expected that thousands of lightweight hogs 'will be sent from thestockyards to the country for feedingand fattening and that the country'stotal production of pork will be greatly increased thereby.The new regulations also withdrawall permission for the nse of nicotinesolutions, 'coal-tar creosote, and cresol preparations in the official dippingof cattle and sheep for scabies. Thisstep has been made necessary by thedifficulty experienced in keepingbaths of this nature at a strengthsufficient to eliminate all danger ofdisease without having them sostrong as to be injurious to the animals tjiemsitfves. The Deparimitit,therefore, decided to insist upon afield test for this purpose is availablein the case of the sulphid sulphurused in lime in sulphur baths forscabbies, and for arsenious oxide inarsenical dips for cattle tick. Officialdipping, therefore, will hereafter heconfined to the hme-and-sulphur andarsenical baths.GET INCREASED SALARIES.Postmaster R. K. McCarney has received advices from the Postoffice Department at Washington notifyinghim of the raise in salaries allowedto the Rural Mail Carriers workingout of the Paris Postoffice, effectiveJuly 1, 1914.The Rural Free Delivery systemwas established in Bourbon Countytwelve years ago, and, at that time,the carriers assigned to Routes 1, 4and 7 received the minimum, an annual salary of $600. Since then, however, the salaries have been steadilyraised until they were made uniform and placed at $1,100.Under the new arrangement thesalaries are to be based on the -actualnumber of miles covered by thecarriers and the number of pieces otmail delivered by them. EffectiveJuly 1 the new salary schedule for thecarriers in the locaf office was fixedas follows:No. 1 H. C. Whaley, $1,200.No. 2 R. P. Kenney, $1,200.No. 3 G. A. Harper, $1,200.No. 40. W. Miller, $1,128.No. 5 T. C. Whaley, $1,104.No. 60. T Gibson, $1,152.No. 7 Morin Moore, $1,200.No. 8 W. F. Brown, $1,104.WE MISS THE OLD FA1RS.At this time of the year, thethoughts of the old timers always revert to the days when the Old Bourbon County,. Fair Association was inits glory. Formerly no county in theState had a bigger or better exhibitions than Bourbon, and we oftenlook back with regret to those timeswhen we had splendid horse rings 1and trotting matches at the oldtrack, which is now only a thing ofmemory. It does look like a countyof the size Of Bourbon should not be,without a "Fair Association, and wehope the time will come when an influential body of men will again Jakeaninterestjn am enterprise of thischaracter.-', y v ,iThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.JOS. S. HEADER., ARRESTED.'1 J ' - SLOUISVILLE KY July 21. Jos- S.Head, Jr., cashier of the Citizens'Bank and Trust Company, of- Ashland, Ky., which is now in the handsof the State Banking Commissionerfor liquidation of its affairs, was arrested in the office of Sheriff Chas.J. Cronan, yesterday afternoon, wherehe went to give himself up after hearing that a warrant for his arrest wasin the hands of the local Sheriff.The warrant was issued by the police judge of Ashland, and chargesHead with, making a false statementof the bank's affairs to the Department of Banking of the State Banking Commission in his last quarterly 'aiaicuicuu J.M.A. iicau was aumiiLeu tubail by Judge William M. Smith, andhis bond fixed at $1,500 for his appearance before the Ashland policejudge August 10.Owing to the fact that the chargeagainst Mr. Head is a felony, and thewarrant ordered the Sheriff to returnhim to Ashland, it was not within thepower of the Sheriff to fix or acceptbail. Mr. Head's wife is dangerouslyill at St. Joseph's Inlrmary, and ashe did not wish to return to Ashlandlast night or to enter jail, he securedthe services of Attorney Edward "P.Humphrey, and habeas corpus proceedings were instituted at once.Judge Smith was found and went tothe court house, where he heard astatement of the case.Attorney Humphrey claimed Mr.Head had the right to be admitted tobail. He said the warrant did notspecify when his client should be returned to Ashland, but asked JudgeSmith to fix the time. The Judgesaid he would admit Head to bail andwould stipulate in the Dond that heshould appear before the Ashlandcourt August 10. After consultation,it was agreed that bond should befixed at $1,500. Mr. Cronan said theproceedings were satisfactory to him,and he at once released Mr. Head.Mr. Head was accompanied to thecourt house by Judge Emmett M.Dickson, his brother-in-law, of Paris,Ky.; former Mayor William O. Head,a kinsman, and Floyd Day, of Winchester, who is his bondsman. Mr.Head is a young man and is a nativeof Owen County. He has been at theSeelbach for several cays.Mr. Head said he would not discuss the matter, as it is a technicality. He said the warrant shows thereis no accusation as to money taken,and that he will be exonorated ofblame.NEW EXCHANGE QUARTERS FORHOME TELEPHONE COMPANYAT NORTH MIDDLETOWN.The office and exchange of theHome Telephone at North Middletownhas been moved from Main Street tothe Gilkey residence on CollegeStreet, where new switchboard hasjust been installed, which will be incharge of Mrs. Ola C. Peters, who isan experienced operator, and wellknown at North Middletown, whereshe has had a host of friends to welcome her back to make this her future nome. k '-tjIt makes a girl mad to have a pimple on her face because she knowsshe hasn't any where you couldn't seethem.One reason why Mother is stoopshouldered from doing all the housework alone is because Daughter hasto practice walking as if she weredoubled up with cramps, or peoplewouldn't know that she had acquiredthe Debutante Slouch.There was a time when they worecorset covers on their shoulders.Nowadays they are wearing themaround their waists.SEVERE ATTACK OFCOLIC CURED.E. E. Cross, who travels in Virginiaand other Southern States, was takensuddenly and severely ill with colic.At the first store he came to the merchant recommended Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy.Two doses of it cured him. No oneshould leave home on a journey without a bottle of this preparation. Forsale by all druggists.(adv aug.)Worn Out?No doubt you are, ifyou suffer from any of thenumerous ailments towhich an women are subject. Headache, backache, sideache, nervousness, weak, tired feeling,are some of the symptoms, and you must ridyourself of them in orderto feel well. Thousandsof women, who havebeen benefited by thisremedy, urge you to3grATAKE IK AAMJ..! Sg m uui sThe Woman's TonicMrs. Sylvania Woods,of Clifton Mills, Ky., says:"Before taking C a r d u i ,I was, at times, so weak Icould hardly walk, andthe pain in my back andhead nearly killed me.After taking three bottlesofCardui, the pains disappeared. Now I feel aswell as I ever'did. Everysuffering woman -shouldtry Cardui.today.GetabottleE-68ifleinZTALI 3. Are .Stormproof?They interlock and overlap in such a way that the hardest driving' rain or sifting snow cannot possibly get under them.Besides this they last indefinitely, and never need repairs.Another point They're very reasonable in first cost You canlearn all about them fromBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.BourbonDWIS &W Telephone No. 4.aSSgSa IrI Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.fWe don9 1 expect all our friends tobe customers, but all our customerswho useFOX RIDGE COALGROUNDAND SANIFECTare our friends.Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Miin St. Both Phones 14 0(0QBfeQteSX&S($s9fttIiXGEO. W. DAVISFDNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 399.t Paris Odorless Cleaning Co. tfcLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andEeblockedjto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.ZFOUND.On Main Street, near Twelfth, apair of eye glasses. Owner can obtain same by calling at Bourbon Newsoffice, proving property and payingadvertising charges.You never realize hov muchswearmgr,lesseBvpaln , until, you. ,try n toifswaar.pr awMriar. rjf: ., ' ' inniiiTiniTTTnniiiiiiiiiMiSHINGLESLaundryWFUNK, Props.West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.9in "oing up the finest shirt- fwaists or anything in the yjimade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous for fine work and itdever goes beck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.SI?f!FOR SALE,One o-horse-power gas or gasolineengine. Will sell cheap. Apply toHENRY GROSCHE.FOR RENT.Cottage of three rooms and hatn, onSeventh Street. r CalL HomtMfjfcbae383 or E. T. PhontfSTS. :&4CCC'l11 F1mt!'He... .n9J&,JLcr -0 . C ."g4Vy Vr: 4..1 ,AVrt-?-Jr i.f-tl t$-itV'f04' ' Yi i v --y-v' ,,Sif X J U .". W .r -i1HE BOURBON? NEWS, PASkENTOaSsi'4t ,:9TO MAMJAOTH CAVEAUGUST 25, 1914.LAST GREAT REDUCTIONRound trip railroad fare ?5.55.Board at Cave Hotel including theseveral routes in the Cave for $6.50.Making the total cost for three daystrip 12.15; going on regular morning trains. Limit on tickets 10 days.Write or phone L. & N. Agent,tjly 31-aug 7-14-21)ONEPOPtf B0URI0N POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops in thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and "booklet on 'Diseases of Fowls' sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, Iy1M J J. IA J A LfJiE:i3i kv a mjiB 1 gJ 1 1 K1One application soothes and heals a rouehpimplj tUn,andfwhenrepeated.quickl effectsa cure, kczeina, Erysipelas, letter. Ulcers ancall skm diseases ield to its curative properties.Sue a box. At all urusgists.(K Seud lor free simple and hoot;, jue&un and Beauty.V5l JOHNSTON, HOLL.OWAY & CO.,1730 Spring Garden t-, Phila., Fa.rm a BiAVfl epte b flB bb bm mBsrBBK"B) bbirOnlcklr relieves Hhenm&tifiin. Sore Muscles, Neuralgia. Backache, Headache andnJl -nams. Your money back if it fails to ) iIters anr ache in any cart of the bod' iulEileen minutes tune.jfrice sue, ax jS.il JJruggtszs.Free simple aad cirenlmr Mat oa reqoeit,BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY.342 East Main St.. LtxImtM, Ky. ,33rfi jjit.'ii-iacm the Lamp CHI thatKtav l..;i f 1cm r. -.tcjidv light. I murethis l't retiiitr the 6:1 that burnscIp-:- inl cli-m without a fi'ckeraa.vn t ! tne ln-t (lnn. H-rmsylvaniat-fi'lfft. irhn -o to peifecion." s ;o w o thfn iha inferioi1!t" f w in n oi ; .r et, MO S EY savesY"ur tli-r r.c" ?OLTT72 OIL in1irreLs dirtot hum ovr works.l Gtes. S. Stall Oil Go.liaSu"ty tit tVarien. Pa.ve ll the cr'traiel "Xo Caib"A nit OiLFirst Popular Price Exenrsion of the SeasonTo Cincinnati and ReturnSunday, Aug. 9, 1914,$1.50For the Round TripSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a m., returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m.Low round trip Summer (Touristckets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,bouth Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with ftaal return limit Oct 31, with very liberalstop-over privileges. JPov further information call on or addressJ. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.INSURANCEAGAINSTflRWINDandLIGHTNING tW. 0. fflNTON & SON jAGENTSFor Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Payiag Companies, seemRxnBH.-- ' - 'tjs i' fcnnX 'J.'-, K r nm.fi3uJB !. - .THEOURBONNJBWSj by, telling 'her tha you, heard her-j theDunmg and premia. ..L... . , -A i-l -- -!. JVIA; -,, - I "-- - - - - " i w 5'V. ... " v v.-j-joj- ,- - ,, .CardsJ. S: f allingfkd, I. D.offke on Sixth Street, ,Between Main and High,'Phones 31 PARIS, KY.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones S' ' 1?S( XlUUltJ xoo.ResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. U KELLER,Pbaoticing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - KentuckjJ J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAWloom 1 Elks BuildineCanal Bios.Barber Shop.Prompt and Courteous Attention to All Patrons.HOI AND COLD BATHS.Curtis&Overbyusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank);3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pat.ronage Solicited.lew BarbershopCorner Fourth and MainModern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDCANCER CURED1 guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.IBLUE GRASS PARK!Bathing and Boating.Free- DANCING -FreeAfternoon and Evening.Music by Schemnel's OrchestraPARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.LVe. Court House. Lve. Station 547:10 a m 7.15 a.m7.45 a m 8.00 a m8.15 a m 8.30 a m8.45 a m 9.00 a m9.15 am- ; 9.30 a m9.45 am 10.00 a m10.15 am "' 10.30 a m10.45 am "'' 11.00 a m11.15 a m 11.30 a m11.45 a m 11.50 a m12:05 p m 12.15 p m12.45 p m , ' 1.00 p m1.15 p m - 1.30 p m1.45 p m - 2.00 p'm2.15 p m 2.30 p m2.45 p m ' 3.00 p m3.15 p m. 3.30 p iri3.45 p m 4.00 p m4.15 p m 5.00 p m5.15 p m 5.30 p m5.40 p m 5.50 p m6.05 p m 6.15 p m6.30 p m 6.40 p mCity Limits Only.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave Lexington Leave ParisFor Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a mv .12:45 p m-2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p mt. 5rl5,p m6:05 p m6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 am10:20 a m "11:50 a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p,m7;20,p m-6:50 p mf 8:15 p mHiT&ihTHE TDIRFlRINjBE BETWEEN" T - i VOCATION AND JO.One of the mostSrital services" voca-;tional guidance can render is to analyze our industries and trainour youth.to distinguish between a "vocation'and a job," says the "federal Bureauof Education in a statement on vocational guidance and child labor.The statement indicates that thepresent movement for practical education finds greater stimulus from theindustrial rather than from the educational point of view. Out of agroup of 101 boys between 14 and 16years of age in New York City a vocational survey including an analysisof the work they are doing, shpws, according to the bureau; but 5 of themwith an opportunity for advancementor improvement. The other 96 are inhopeless positions.The bureau states that a study ofthe annual contribution of the cityschools to the business interests ofthe community shows a considerableper centage thrown into the discordwithin the first 'montli; that anotherlarge percentage goes drifting fromjob to job, sometimes ' advancing,quite as often receding, the industries complaining that the childrenthe schools turn out are no good, andtnat tne cnnaren lose courage, enthusiasm and youthful idealism in thevarious meaningless jobs which theyare assigned.HOW TO CURE A SPRAIN.A sprain may be cured in aboutone-third the time required by theusual treatment by applying Chamberlain's Liniment and observing thedirections with each bottle. For saleby all dealers.(adv-aug)Our great-grand fathers get creditior our vices. .But we acquireown virtues.our(Copyright, by McClure Syndicate.)Lost.Between Dr. Turner's residence onClintonville pike and Cahal's BarberShop, a 1911 dairy book with 1914dairy account in same, also' "a Winchester 'Bank Book with name" onsame. Finder please return to undersigned. Suitable reward for return of same.J. K. CAHAL,(30-3t) Paris, Ky.STRAYED.Strayed from our place on FourthStreet, in Paris, on Wednesday night,one four-year-old sorrel gelding, whiteface, two white hind feet. Suitablereward for information leading to hisrecovery.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Onr Special Summer TrialCombination Bargain.(Good For the MonthsAugust.)of July andTHIS TRIAL OFFER INCLUDESTheBotirbonNews-AND-Cincinnati WeeklyEnquirerBoth to January 1, 1915, For Only93V-By special arrangement with. TheCincinnati Weekly Enquirer we ofterthe above liberal inducement ,to ourmany friends to subscribe. Thereare hundreds of citizens right in ourmidst who should be subscribers.Keep posted on all the doings inthis vicinity by subscribing for TheBourbon News. In addition you getone of the, leading nationaT'Weekly"newspapers, each to January 1, 1915.Our readers will do us a personalfavor by calling the attention of theirfriends to this trial offer. Invitethem to take advantage of this combination before it is withdrawn. Remember this offer is positively notgood after August 31, 1914.A FURTHER INDUCEMENT Toany one taking advantage of theabove offer within the next THIRTYDAYS we will include 11 year's subscription to The Household Journal &Floral Life, which is a very interesting monthly magazine devoted to "thefarm, flowers and home. Subscription price 25 ceats per year.SUBSCRIBE TO-DAY BEFORE7U F6RGET. " J?- s,Kj.u ui xiiaui an uiucio lu a hBMMMa?5HJMI YOUR WWtAT JlfCM IN.VlfI8TlDWITrJ HESSIAN ELYfi, Hourwheat eetf intetd .with;tneHessian Fly 'this ' season?" is aquesuon tnat the1 Urs.- Department ofAgriculture is i now asking farmers.The information is desired that theremay be .general co-operation between.an concerned iu reducing the devastations of the fly. There is every indication that the pest will be unusually troublesome to the crop this fall.Every wheat grower in the country who suspects that his crop hasbeen infested is requested to send hisname to the Department's Bureau ofEntomology at Washington, D. C,with a request fo Ta question blank.The questions to be answered aremerely as to whether the wheatthe wheat grower's crop was infestedat certain seasons. The farmer willbe asked to forward some of the infested wheat plants for examination,postage to be paid by the Government. He will also be asked to givehis name, address; and the nearestrailway station.The Department is co-operatingwith the various State ExperimentStations in this campaiggn 'aganst theHessian Fly, and in some cases theinfested straw will be sent by thetarmer to local stations for examination - Tne wheat grower can learnjust where his sample of straw is tobe sent when he sends his name tothe Department, indicating his willingness to send the sample. The Department encourages the sender notto be afraid to forward too much ofthe straw, even though it has to besent by parcel post. The upper partof the straw need not be sent, butenough above the ground should beincluded to get the insect in what isknown as the "flaxseed" stage whenthe larva is incased in a hard, brownskin and somewhat resembles a flaxseed. The insects will remain for aconsiderable time in the "flaxseed"state during a drought and will onlyefmerge aftcV rains have moislmedthe soil. Dry weather in the latesummer tends to keep the insect inthat stage, which is a fact of specialimportance in the North where thewheat must be sown early enough toenable the .plants to stand the winter.Probably no other insect causesmore real damage to the wheatcrop in the United States than theHessian Fly, although there are certain years when the chinch bug exceeds the fly in its devastations.During the seasons when the fly is especially abundant hundreds of thousands of acres of wheat may be eithertotally destroyed or so badly injuredas to reduce the yield 50 to 75 percent. The monetary losses run far upinto the millions.A number of years ago there was inKansas general co-operation betweengrain dealers, millers and farmers torestrict the ravages of this dangerous insect. According to their ownestimate, over a million dollars weresaved by prompt and thorough measures. This year the Departmenthopes to secure general co-operationthroughout the country in combattingthe pest. There are indications thatits ravages may be severe. Alreadyin Iowa and Oklahoma there havebeen threatening outbreaks of the insect. Not only are Federal and State organizations tof the Government cooperating in this campaign, but others, such as the National Millers'Federation are working to secure better control over the Hessian Fly. The3! JJ..1 -...l-nr4- rewM.rni. tc- oolrQrl -send his samples of infested strawbefore the middle of September, andsooner if possible, as after that, thefly will have hatched and have entered into the wheat.Late sowing of the seed and burning of the stubble when not seededto grass or clover, are the only measures known to date that are effectivein controling the Hessian Fly that isfor winter-wheat growing sections.In the spring-wheat sections, lateseeding will not apply. On the contrary, the earlier it is sown in thespring the less it seems to sufferfrom this pest.A more detailed explamation oflate sowing for winter wheat to avoidattack by the Hessian Fly will begiven in a subsequent article. Thepresent article is merely an invitation to the wheat grower to help theDepartemnt in its campaign. Thepost card to be forwarded the farmer,contains enlarged illustrations of thefly in its adult and also its "flaxseed" state.HOW'S THIS.We ocer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's" Catarrh Cure.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O. tWe, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the past 15 years,and believe him perfectly honorablein all business transactions and financially able to carry out any obligations made by his firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, Ohio,Hall's Catarrah Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucus surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75 cts.per bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv aug.)THE PLEASURE OF CAMPING.Our people .are just waking up tothe pleasures of camping out on thebanks of the classic Stoner. A number of parties have picniced this summpr at "Oaas Snrines" and "TheFord," and all have thoroughly enjoyed their outings. An outing of thischaraacter is much more healithful and restful, and infinitely cheaperthan the customary visit to the summer resort, and t the campers invariably come home strengthened andtanned, refreshed and filled with newlife, and ready for .the tasks beforethem. No stream contains better opportunities for this purpose, or hasmore classic" and beautiful seceneryon its banks, than "Beautiful Stoner,"and we are indeed glad to note the-growing prevalence of local picnicmg.parties-on 'its banks.' 'ir i i. n,Amn.n99ftMftftttOTUpitais tf, Wtsttri Itttfc"Land at tin Sky" '3kIDEAL VACATION REGIONSPECIAL. VACATION FARESWednesday, August 19, 1914.ROUND TRIP FARES FROM LEXINGTON, KY.ASHEYILLE, N. C, AND RETURN $ &0tHENDERSONVILLE, N. C, AND RETURN tOOOWAYNESYILLE, N. C, AND RETURN 10.Qi-LAKE T0XAWAY, N. C, AND RETURN- 1U 'Tickets on sale Wednesdayuntil September 3, 1914. -Tickets good on CAROLINA SPECIAL, leaving Lexingtoa,;Ky., 9:15 P. M.. also on all other regular trains August 19.,DIVERSE ROUTE vPrivilege of visiting Chattanooga (Historic Lookout Mountain) enrowtt.to or from final destination, $1.50 additional.C.N.O.&T.P.RY.)ANDTHERN RAILWAY.L. & N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913TreLixis A-rrrveNo. FROM , -:34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5:Laa 7134 Lexington, Ky., Daily . 5:lSsm-29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y ...... i7:3$ajai7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:3Sam -"10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday - 7r'4am "40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:42am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily 9:3Juri3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10:30 am , "12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:24am i26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m .,25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:1S pm338 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:3$ pes,38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:30 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5:3 ja39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily S:l$!m32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:23 jm31 Cincinnati, 0., Daily '. 10:50pm v'Trains JDeioartNo. TO34 Cincinnati, O., Daily 5:28am . ,4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:34am m7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:47 am -40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am " -29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9:43 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9:45 am a33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily lOrW am' "133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:27am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily 1 .? 12:0 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:04 am13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday v. 3 : 33 jwi ,38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3:40pi9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:5fpm-39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:5Spm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 8:28pm-8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:2pnu -30 Cynthiana. Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6r40 pav31 Lexington. Ky., Daily t 10:55pm.i131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:57pm-Trains .AurrrveFROMFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:4 awFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:5pm- m tTrains DepartTO 'v 'Frankkfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 8:30 arrFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday S:25pNo.24No.13To the Creditors of George!Alexander & Co. StateBank.NOTICE .The creditors of the above nameCGeorge Alexander & Company StateBank are hereby notified to file theirclaims with the undersigned, verified as required by law, at my officeat the Bourbon Bank & Trust Company's place of business in Paris,Kentucky, on or before September 1,1914; and all depositors of said bankare requested to bring in and leavewith the undersigned their passbooks, in order that they may beposted.BUCKNER WOODFORDSpecial Deputy Banking Commissioner. (22-Fri 3mos.)Assignee's NoticeTo Creditors of George AlexanderThe creditors of George Alexanderare hereby notified to file their claimswith the undersigned, verified as required by law, at my place of business530-534 Main street, in Paris Ky., onor before August 10, 1914. And allthose, indebted to George Alexanderare requested to settle at once.W. O. HINTON,Assignee of George Alexander.(17-4t-F)Handsome Res -denceFor Sale.My residence on Mt. Airy is fqrsale One of themosf modern homesin Paris. Everv convenience. Pros--pective buyers are1 invited to inspectm4mmmmmmmmm'84Vfni9 WrM"SaapUrt liartrj."cmiJuly 19. Good returning s' 4 X'' MSATTRACTIVE STOP-OVERPRIVILGES.For full information and sleeping: car..reservations, apply to nearestTicket Agent, orH. C. KING, Pass, and Ticket Agsnt,101 East Main St., Lexington, KyvPhone 49.W. A. BEOKLER, G. P. A.,(td) Cincinnati, OhioClosing Out Sale-OF-Livery Outfit.Having decided to close out my Mrrey stable, I will sell at public auctionat the stable, on Main Street, in,Paris, Ky., at 10 o'clock a. m., oaSaturday, August, ;Mfcthe followng horses, vehicles, etc.:; '1 dun horse, 7 years bldr ., "1 bay horse 6 years old;1 black mare, 5 years old; "''1 sorrel mare 9 years old; 'V1 bay horse, 8 years old; - v1 bay horse, 8 years old;1 black mare, 10 years old; v1 Shetland pony;1 dun. pony;1 work mule;1 carriage;1 surrey.C-tsWJ":4 buggies; '2 traps. - T2 spring wagons; -8 or 10 sets single harneiar1 set carriage harnees; Hu-1 gasoline engine, 2-horse powtrf t1 roll-top desk; . . - v "2 office desks; v1 drummer's wagon;Lot of buggy robes and,wipa adother fixtures. ,TERMS Made known oaidrsale. ,GEO. MVJWJKl.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer., .(25juy-3t)t -rrRemoval Notice:In the future my office Trill' h afcVClarke's Drue Stored Any twliahMcall at that place for ma, will memwtefiyiUUilt, il,cui.iuu. - fH. M. HsAMTON. -'Vetexteacry Svrgeoo2K , m.Y3$Ts -v - '-... ? . .: -, 4' tv45A :- , vv x &. -Pf ' v--' v V. -4W 'e& Ar -: &f As. JxtmNEWS,KENTUCKY, AUGUST 4, 1914'er' iI-. MuitI: iM'an.t:f4 !'IifIiii?,.IK,f.iZ snMBourbon Newsd 116132 Yrt of- cwttinouous Publication.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.DEMOCRATIC TICKETJ?or SenatorJ. C. W. BECKHAM(Long Term)JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term)For CongressJ. CAMPBELL. CANTRILL.NOTED WPMAN EVANGELIST.Mrs. Marguerite Isabel Rice, thesoted New York woman exangelist,better known all over the world as"The Girl Preacher," and who hasbeen in every civilized and some uncivilized portions of the globe on hermission of charity, cheer and comfort,bas been speaking to large audiencesoa the court house square.Mrs. Rice is perhaps the most noted woman evangelist in the knownworld. At the tender age of fourteen,when most young girls are thinkingof more frivolous things she beganber work, taking up the city of NewYork as her starting point. In a fewmonths she became famous. For ninedrears she did slum work in GreaterNew York, under the administrationsof four Mayors, spreading cheer andcomfort to inmates of the slums, toprisoners in the jails, State prisons,county infirmaries, ana speamngsometimes three times a night formonths on Broadway, New York, tocrowds estimated at from ten to fifteen thousand. She has visited everyportion of the United States, telling,preaching and living " practicalChristianity " to thousands andthousands of people.Mrs. Rice made her first address tothe people of Paris on Saturday night,to a good sized audience, many ofwhom were attracted merely out ofcuriosity, but all of whom, fascinatedby the evangelist's magic personality,remained to the end, wishing formore. On Sunday night at the samespot tbe audience was trebeled, thenews having spread to all parts of thecity.Mrs. Rice is a wonderfully impressive speaker, and the first thing apparent to the auditor is her intensesincerity. She has a habit of clothing unpleasant truths in words thatburn and convince. Her discoursesare aimed at all classes and especiallythe masses. She says "There is toomuch churchianity, and not enoughChristianity." She mingles pathossarcasm, personal reminiscences anddeals blows at the present-day hypocrisy in a way that compels the attention of her auditors. A verbatimreport of her addresses would make"mighty interesting" reading, becausein ber own way, and in a most convincing way, she tells unpleasanttruths, which we all know to betruths, though loath to admit it.Mrs. Rice is a woman of intelligence, a live wire who is devoting theremainder of her life to "practicalChristianity," and her talks have creaed a tremendous sensation in thiscity. 'Mrs. Rice has talked to large audiences in all the principal cities in the"United States, and has by personal invitation of the pastors, filled the pulpits of pome of the largest and mostinfluential churches in Greater New; York and other cities. But she says" her mission is to the masses, and thatshe would rather talk to two sinnerson the street thaan address a fashionable audience in a fashionable church,though she has no fear of either.In her world-tour speaking to allnationalities and to all kinds and conditions of people she has had manyvaried experiences, but she has never:yet been insulted or her meetings inamy way interrupted.A large and appreciative audiencegreeted Mrs. Rice again last nightand her address was if possiblesnappier and more brilliant thanusual.RECORD SALE OF CATTLE.Harry Weissinger & Son, of Shelbyville, have sold to R. A. Long, the-millionaire lumberman of KansasCity, sixty-two head of imported Jersey cattle for $30,000. It is reportedto be the largest transaction of the3oad ever made. In the lot wasFontaine's Chief, a bull that won thecbampionship at the Chicago Livestock Show in 1912, and for whichWeissinger & Son paid W. R. Spann,of this county, $5,000. Thirty headwere of mature stock, the remainderconsisting of calves and heifers. Thesale was made through F. F. Dow,jsanager of the Jersey department ofMr. Long's stock farm, near KansasCity, and to which the entire pur-ckase was shipped yesterday ." ltheYexington FAIRTke ninth annual Blue Grass Fairepe&ed at Xiexington yesterday with a-Mg attendance at the grounds of theKaatucky Trotting Horse Breeders'Asociaition.In the three-gaited saddle horseMtfet, walk, trot and canter, theMnt prize was won by Mr. J. Jones,"C, North Middletown.Aft.-of the exhibits are up to thestandard and the show rinrsImaging out the .feest live stock.mmbihits ever seen in the middleWmtrAUGUST COURT DAY.August court day, generally a slowwas enlivened yesterday by theice of a large crowd of farm-wno, owing to the drouth, had-"lee to do. There was verybusiness done and trading onstock markets was very light.Tfcwt "was but little stock on theMerchants reported1 colleo-slow and business dull.The recent primay election seemto, fee the principal tkeme of in -HEi.- HORINE. ,Edward Pisher Horine, the littleson of Mr. and Mrs. H. N. Horine, diedat the family residence on Twelfthstreet Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clockfollowing a short illness. The funeralservices were conducted at the residence of Mrs. Thos. Richardson, onWinchester Street, Friday afternoonat 4 o'clock, by Elder W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Christian Church, andthe burial followed in the Paris Cemetery. HALL.Miss Leonteen Hall, aged 26years, died Sunday morning at fourvo'clock, at the, home of her mother,Mrs. Nannie Hall, on Vine Street, following an illness of almost a yearof tuberculosis. ,Besides her mother, Miss Hall issurvived by three sisters, Mrs. Jas.Smith, of Jacksonville, . this county,Mrs. Jesse Bannister and Miss Tommie Hall, of Paris, and one brother,Luther Hall, also of this city.The funeral will be conducted thisafternoon at 2:30 o'clock by Rev. W.E. Ellis, followed by burial in theParis' cemetery.The following foung women, friendsof the dead girl, will act as pallbearers: Misses Alice Ewalt, MayOgden, Ollie Dennison, Maude McFarland, Stella Price, Eliza Blount, Willie McNamara and May Endicott.RELIGIOUS.Rev. W. E .Ellis will preach atthe Monterey school house next Sunday at 4 p. m.IMONIAL.DAUGHTERS GRANT.Miss Elizabeth Daughters, of Cynthiana, and Mr. Elijah E. Grant, ofLexington, were married at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. T. M. Funk, onSouth Main Street, Saturday afternoon, at 4 o'clock, by Rev. W. E.Ellis. The parties came to this citySaturday and secured license fromCounty Clerk Pearce Paton. Theywill reside in Lexington.YOUNG KNOX.Dr. E. French Knox, of Wilmore,and Mrs. Julia Crane Young, weremarried at the home of and by Rev.O. J. Chandler, oi Lexington. Dr.Knox is a son of Mr. and Mrs. Wm.Knox, of Wilmore, and a brother ofDr. D. B. Knox, of Georgetown. Hewas formerly a well-known physicianat Shawhan, this county, but movedto Wilmore, Ky., several months ago.A STRIKE THREATENED IN PARIS?No, just the crowds at The MillionDollar Mystery to-morrow.MASTER'S SALE.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney made thefollowing sales yesterday at the courthouse door for Master CommissionerC. A. McMillan:A vacant lot in Claysville belonging to the beirs of Ike Duffy at ?64, toDr. Bruce Anderson.A house and lot in Claysville belonging to the Rice heirs to Will Riceat $124.Theundivided 1-8 interest of ClaudeWeathers in 71 acres of land, subjectto the life estate of Mrs. Mary S.Weathers, to Mrs. Claude Weathers,at $900.A residence in Claysville belongingto W. C. Worthington to the Farmers' Bank of Clintonville, for $2,525.Also 1,176 acres of land in VanBuren county, Tenn., belonging to W.C. Worthington, to Burnett Parrish,for $1,490.MEETING OF HEALTHAND WELFARE LEAGUE.A meeting of the members of theBourbon County Health and WelfareLeague will be held at court housein the County Court room on Thursday afternoon, Aug. 6, at 3 o'clock.It is urgently requested that everymember who can conveniently do so,be present at this meeting, as somevery important matters will come upfor consideration.PLENTY OF THEM.While out looking for shoes, at reduced prices, don't forget to visitPELD'S SHOE STORE.A CHILES PRAYERThat its parents will take it to seeThe Million Dollar Mystery to-morrow.ANOTHER MOTORCYCLE VICTIM.Mr. Xi. C. Caldwell, of Catlettsburg,an expert connected with the UnitedStates Government Bureau, Department of Agriculture, was badlv bruised and cut'about the face, neck andarms, Saturday, while riding a motorcycle en route from Lexineton toLMaysville. -Near Mr. Wm. Ardery'sresidence nis wheel struck a sand.neap ana SKiaaed, throwing Mr. jOald-weii to me ground, and badly bruisinghim. He was" picked up ,by. passersby, and brought to the Massfe Memorial Hospital in this city, where hisinjuries were attended by Dr. C. G.Daugherty. Mr. Caldwell was able toresume his journey Sunday, anddeparted for Maysville on his wheel.BANK STOCK SOLD.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold yesterday at the court house door for Mr.W. ,B. Ardery five1 shares of the cap-,ital stock of the First National. Bank'jaf Paris to Mr. John T. Hedge atURSMLHHHMttMrs. Santford Roberts is imprbvaftera serious illness. 'Mr. W. B, Tinsley is visiting hisold home in Salem, Va.Mrs. Newton Clark is criticallyill at her home on South Main street.Mr. Dom Doyle, of Lexington,was a guest of his 'sister, Mrs. JamesFitzgerald, the past week.Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Bell returned Sunday from a tour of theGreat Lakes and Georgian Bay.Misses Eileen Schwartz andMargaret Shea leave today for a stayof one month at Mackinac Island.' Mrs. Lou Harp s ill at her homeon Harmon street, suffering from theeffects of a fall received some daysago.Mr. John Fitzgerald, of Cynthianawas a guest Sunday of his brother,Mr. James Fitzgerald, at 1923 SouthMain Street.Miss Mayme Fitzgerald left Sunday morning to be at the bedside ofher uncle, Mr. William Doyle, at Hamilton, Ohio, who is dangeruosly ill.Mr. and Mrs. Cecil Buchanan andlittle daughter, of Ohio, are visitingMr. Bunt Buchanan and family, atClintonville.Mr. and Mrs. B. A. Frank leaveto-day for a ten-days' stay in NewYork. While there Mr. Frank willpurchase his fall stocks of dry goodsand novelties. (Mrs. Mary Nikol and two choildren, Miss Henrietta Rabe and MissLoretta Santen, of Cincinnati, will beguests for two weeks' of Messrs. Henry and Joseph Santen and families inthis city.Messrs. Chas. Webber, Chas. Kenney and Fred Batterton and MissesMayme, Bess and Lottie Holladay andMrs. Chas. Webber motored to OilSprings, in Clark County, yesterday,and spent the day as guests o Mr.Bruce Holladay, who is sojourningthere.The annual reunion of the descendants df Mr. and Mrs. BernardSanten, of Cincinnati, was held atthe home of Mr. "Henry Santen, in thiscity, Sunday. This nas been an annual custom with the members of thefamily, and up to the time of theirdeath a few years ago, Mr. and Mrs.Santen were always present. Thosepresent Sunday were Mr. and Mrs. G.H. Rabe and family, of Cincinnati;Mr. and Mrs. John Santen and family,of Cincinnati; Mr. and Mrs. BernardSanten ad ramily, of Columbus, O.;Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Santen and family, of Cincinnati; Mrs. Mary Nickol,of Cincinnati; Misses Eleanor Hartman and Elizabeth Miller and Mr.Gregory Moorman, all of Cincinnati;An elegant menu was served at thefamily dinner, trimmed with the goodthings that help to make onr Germanfriends enjoy life, and a day of enjoyment was spent by all the guests."Pa" Saten was master of ceremonies, and filled the place will all thegrace and ability of a ChaunceyDeDew.Miss Georgia Brooks entertaineda number of young folks at her homeSaturday night in honor of her cousin, Mr. Strawder Smith, of Carlisle.A delightful time was had by all theparty. Those present were:Misses Elizabeth Jenney, Florenceand Anna Bramel, Drusie Frakes,Nancy and Sadie Sons, Frances Lackin, and Miss Rose; Messrs. Leonardand Will Fielder, of Winchester;Mr. Smith, of Carlisle; ClevelandSons, Aden Botkin, Samuel Lackin,Mr.. Rose, Jesse and Mark .Thomas.Refreshments were served.Other Personals on Page 5)PROTRACTED MEETINGA protracted meeting started lastnight at he Stony Point schoolhouse, with a good attendance. Themeeting will continue through theweek.THEATRICALAt the Columbia TomorrowThis afternoon and tonight at theColumbia Theatre will be shown thefourth episode of the great picturedrama "The Million Dollar Mystery."This episode is entitled "The ThirdStory Flat," and is equally as interesting as any of the others.EPISODE NO. 4. "The Third FloorFlat" With Brain and Princess Olgain command, the "Black Hundred"continues its dastradly plotting. Theylure Florence to an apartment house(by a letter purporting to come fromher father, whom she has not seensince babyhood, But, as her "father"embraces her, she sees in the mirrormany evil faces and realizes she istrapped. In this terrible situation,surrounded by villianous faces insteadof shrieking or swooning, this courageous wisp of a girl plans a desperateescape and miraculous as it seems,she does escape.OLD KNIFE FOUND.Mr. G. T. Wagoner, who resides afew miles south of Shawhan in Bourbon County, recently found an oldrusty case knife embedded in theheart of a tree which he believes tobe over a hundred years old. Mr.Wagoner says the knife was evidently embedded in the tree -when it?wasa sapling and must have been placed there by- some v of "the early settlers of Bourbon County.THE WORLD'S CRPATPftTSERIAL PICTURE.!The Million Dolalr Mystery at TheColumbia Theatre, Wednesday, Aug.5th.For Rent.The store room on Main Street recently 'occupied l)y Prichard" & BallGarage. Apply to -PREPARE NOWFor Your Winter Needs in ,By buying now you will save money, because wehave to close out in sixty days the entire stock of GeoMcWiHiams. Heavy weight as well as light yeightshoes are now being offered at less than factory prices.Your saving is from $1 00 to $3.50 by taking advantage of these reductions.1 Reductions on Heavy Weight Shoes, Light WeightShoes and Oxfords, Ladies' Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps.Gold Seal Rubber Boots. . .Witch Elk Hunting Shoes.Men's, Women's and Children's Rubbers.Hanan and Nettleton Shoes and Oxfords.McWiHiams Special Shoes and Oxfords.Regal Shoes and Oxfords.Sorosis Women's Shoes and Oxfords.McWiHiams Special- Women's Shoesand Oxfords.Misses' Shoes and Oxfords.Nothing ReservedEvery pair of shoes in the store is reduced inprice. Plenty of sizes and widths to fit any feet.BourbonTOBACCO .SHOW AT STATE FAIR.The prospects of holding a splendidTobacco Show at the Kentucky StateFair was never better. Those incharge of this department have beenencouraged by reason of the fact thatquite a lot of tobacco has been toppedduring the past ten days. This shouldgive plenty of time to thoroughly mature and be ready for exhibit by the14th of SeDtember. The exhibit ofold tobacco has always been a goodone. but the new exhibit has alwayshppn deficient in Quantity. There isnothing that will advertise your Stateand county more than a good tobaccoshow, and the Superintendent of theTnhar.ro DeDartment of the StateFair. Mr. Evan S. Rees, of Springfield,Ky., stands ready at all times to advise with the farmers of the State relative to making entry and exhibit.HOUSE DRESSES 69 CENTSOne lot Zephyr 'Gingham HouseDresses, $1.50 quality, at 69c, atHARRY SIMON'SCRUSHED TO DEATH.Was ten mosquitos trying to getthrough the crowd at The ColumbiaTheatre last Wednesday to see TheMillion Dollar Mystery.VACATION ITIME IS HERE !and we have the best lineof vacation goods thisyear that we ever had.Look over this list; you'llfind something you need:Hair Brushes, 25c, 50c 75cand $1.00.x Combs, 15c, 25c, 50c and 75c.Whisk Brooms, best straw,25c and 50c,Hand Brushes, good quality, I5c, 25c and 35c.Cloth .Brushes, 35c, 50c. 75cani $1.00. 'Talcum powder'all kinds,15c and 25c.Toilet 'Soaps, a bis: line, 5c,10c and 25c. v -Soap Boxes for Traveling, at25cTooth Brushes at 5c, 10c. 25cand 35c.' And a big line of shaving requisites. Come inand let us show you.Peoples Pharmacy .PARIS, KY.Doyle Building 8th and Main."Watch Our Windows."SHOESBank & Trust Co. 1Receivers of Geo. McWiHiams.ONE ON THE HELLO GIRL.One of the handsomest girls inParis, (Ky.) is one of the "hellogirls" who juggles the plugs andcords at the switchboard of a certaintelephone exchange in the city ofParis, (Ky.) After a round of routine work all day and part of thenight before, she went to church inMillersburg, Sunday night. Towardthe close of the service Nature asserted its supremacy, and she went tosleep. When the services closed theminister arose and gave out the announcement: "Let us sing hymn No.341." The tired young woman awokejust in time to hear the number called, yawned, and, to the consternationof her escort, who had been too muchabsorbed in the sermon to notice hiscompanion's lapse into slumberland,said: "Line's busy; call again." "Explanations were made and accepted,and all went along as merrily as theproverbial marriage bell.While we are in the telephone fieldwe might as well give this one: Several days ago a popular young boy ofthis city accepted a position with thissame telephone company. Yesterdayhe was sent out with the repairmenand worked progressed nicely until hewas told by one of the men, who isknown as a joker, to go back and tellMr. to send him "a lefthand wire untangler." Proud to haveWMMIMIHE veryDofluABOUT THE-BUSY BEE 6flSri STORE !Retailing at Wholesale Brices!Spot Cash and No Delivery. Does TheWork!Tor This Week, - -A lot of Lkdies' Trimmed .Hats worth $2.00, $3.00and $4, 00, down to 48cA few Boys' Suits, worth S5.00, down to .$3.00Shoes at just half of former cost.Best Granulated Sugar, per pound ; : . 5cLenox Soap, 3 bars for 1 0cEvery Article at Cut Price atTHE BUSY.B&E CASH STORE,.' X -IFRED WEGKESSER, Prop..:an opportunity to show his worth, thejroung man sallied forth in quest ofthe instrument. Early this morninghe was still in search of the "untangler." LESS THAN HALF PRICE.$7.50 and?3.98, at5.00 Ratine Dresses, atHARRY SIMON'SSPECIAL POLICEMANFor Paris to try and manage thecrowds in the Million Dollar Mysteryto-morrow at Tne Columbia Theatre.3(Copyright, by McClure Syndicate.)is Talking Im9MfJton the streets.- $34 per share. s -vausaii; riviunAKU ; BA.UU.14-V. - -. j--Vvi- f-j. ev 1t-a. , ...--a' - iUi.. " :'&. .hirt: sfH "?:- -.& ysxiAS "" .. T - , r . . "Wvr Vto&Ai -3&W, siLAi1 jUyf-k -&?& A. !75ttr .rJ-SHP v, z ,-.-, WW :?Vrfl vW'JKK T:, VaAfeif-SiHf-S- .:3fY-V- - iF&1.s,vrvw vLi-.." . " """2. , ' V i -'-- art-. t --T ,-. .SaJ-xl -'Jwgl,Kr.&Si -JSOCIAL AND PERSONALden. They returned to Paris' FridayTobacoo insuranceagainst hair, eRoxie Davis. 26tfliight. ' - - . .-?ILAST BIG CUT1aM7UHAS THE BEST'OF ALL LINES MADENOTICE TO WATER CONSUMER Owing to the drouth I amcompelled ask all consumersto economize as much as possible. Please do not use hoseon yards or street, flowerscan be watered, as they needbut a small amount.Respectfully,NEWTON MITCHELL,Superintendent.ELKS' MEETING.The regular meeting of Paris Lq,dge373, -B. P. O. B., will be held in thenew lodge "rooms in the Bourbon Bankbuilding, to-night. A full attendanceof all the members is asked for.INSURANCE CHANGES.The insurance agency conducted byftlr. W. O. Hinton,. representing alarge number of prominent insurancecompanies, has now been made apartnership concern, Mr. Hinton taking into full partnership with him hisson, Mr. Oscar Hinton. The firm hasthe agency for some of the biggestand most reliable old insurance companies in the country, and is preparedto take care of all kinds of insurance.MELONS ON ICE.The finest watermelons you eversaw. On ice at all times. Phone usyour order and we will deliver it icecold when you want it.4-2t) T. LENIHAN.TAKING A VACATION.Mr. Harry Jeffers, the well-knownlocal agent for the Blue Grass Traction Co., at the interurban station inthis city, is taking a ten-days' vacation at liis old home in Frankfort.Dring his absence the office will be incharge of Mr. J. B. Bonfield, of Lexington.PARIS AHEAD WITH THIS STORYThe Million Dollar Mystery at TheColumbia Theatre to-morrow.COURT APPOINTMENTS.County Judge C. A. McMillan hasappointed Mr. J. N. Metzger, of Paris,as administrator of the estate of thelate Mrs. Elizabeth Metzger. Mr.Metzger qualified with Mr. ClarenceK. Thomas, agent for the TJ. S. Fidelity and Guarantee Company, assurety, in the sum of 2,000.Mrs. Nannie Nicholas Clarke qualified before Judge McMillan, Friday,as executrix of the estate of her latehusband, Dr. Chas. J. Clarke, the wellknown druggist.STRAW HATS HALF-PRICE.Choice of any Straw Hat in ourhouse half-price Hopkins ?2.50, 3.00and $4.00; Know $4.00 and $5.00, included in" this sale. There is yet twomonths to wear them.J. W. DAVIS &'CO.MAY HAVE ICE FAMINE.The present low stage of water inStoner Creek, the principal source ofParis' water supply, is causing considerable apprehension, and unlessthe situation is soon relieved byheavy rains, the people of the citymay find themselves confronted notalone by a water famine, but an icefamine, unless other sources of supply can be found.There is a possibility that the successful operation of the Paris IceManufacturing Co.' plant will be seriously hampered by the difficulty experienced in securing a good supplyof water. Unless conditions improvethe company may be compelled toshut down.Superintendent Newton Mitchell,of the Paris Water Company, has issued a warning to patrons to be aseconomical as possible in' the use ofwater, and especially in using streethose. There is at present a goodsupply of water available, but the continued drouth may soon reduce that.SPECIAL WARNING TOTHE PARIS PEOPLE.Come early to-morrow. The Million Dollar Mystery at The ColumbiaTheatre.WILL HAVE TWO ELECTIONS.Speculation as to what actionCounty Judge McMillan would takein the matter of the "dry" and "wet"petitions presented to him Saturdayfor his consideration was dispelledyesterday, when, after taking up thepetiton of the "dry" at the morningsession of the court, he ordered anlocal option election held in BourbonCounty on Monday, Sept. 28, to takethe sense of the voters of the countyon the matter of continuing or discontinuing the sale of liquor in thecounty. The petition was presentedby William Myall and others. Thepetition, contained 1,734 names..Tnde-P MoMillan then took up theconsideration of the petition present-!ed by the "wets," asking for a separate election for the City of Paris onthe same question. An adjournmentuntil one o'clock was taken to allowfor a consultation of authorities.When court reconvened, Judge McMillan, after hearing citation of authorities and examining two witnesses, ordered that a separate election beheld in the city of Paris on Saturday,Sept. 26, on the same puestion of local option. Tuesday, Sept. 18, wasdesignated as a special registrationday for voters of the city who desireto vote on either side of the question.The petition of the "wets," whichcontained 511 names, was presentedbyr. -F. Brannon and others. (Miss Margaret Slattery is visitingin Mason County.Mr. Frank O'Neal left Sunday forWashington, D. C, to reside.Mr. Harry Booth, of Louisville, isa guest of relatives in this cityrMiss Ruth Pinnell, of Winchester,is a guest of Miss Elizabeth Tarr.Mrs. Perry M. Shy, of Louisville,is the guest of friends in this city.Miss Corinne Collins is visitingMrs. Raymon Spencer, in Cincinnati.Mrs. T. M. Funk haas returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Missouri.Mrs. A. L. Burley and childrenare guests of relatives in Olive HillKy.Miss Viola Lewis, guest of MissHelen Dangherty, is visiting in Lexington. Mrs. Ida Batterton is visiting hersister, Mrs. Thomas Rice, in Maysville. Mrs. Grace W. Green, of Gallatin,Tenn., is visiting relatives near Clintonville. Miss Pauline Boggs, of Danville,is visiting Miss Ruth Weathers, nearClntonville.Miss Carolyn Rbseberry is aguest of Mrs. William I. Goodwin, inLexington.Mrs. Sidney Ardery and daughter,Miss Margaret, are at Oil Springs, inClark County.Mrs. B. M. Shlve is visiting herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Appleby, inPulaski, Tenn.Mrs. William H. Fisher is at theMassie Memorial Hospital, threatenedwith appendicitis.Messrs. Withers Davis and Wm.Taylor have gone to Michigan for aten days' stay.Mrs. John M. Flanagan has returned, from a months' visit to her oldhome in Virginia.Mrs. William Cooper has gone toHarrodsburg to visit her parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Litsey.Mrs. Celma Garner, of St. Louis,Mo., is a guest of Mrs. Elizabeth Dundon, on Houston Avenue.Miss Anna Catherine Clarke, ofAmarillo, Texas, is a guest of heraunt, Mrs. W. P. Thomas.Miss Anna Eads Peed has returned from a visit to Miss NellieLou Robards, in Mercer County.Mr. Withers Davis left Thursdayfor a trip to Chicago, Milwaukee,Mackinac, and to Rochester, N. Y.Mr. and Mrs. James Feebackleave to-day to visit their daughter,Mrs. John Martin, in wemciiester.Miss Nannie Marshall Cooper hasreturned from a visit to Mrs. JamesA. Vansant and family, in Flemingsburg. Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Merrick arevisiting the former's mother at Mt.Vernon, and attending the Mt. VernonFair.Mrs. J. W. Huffman and daughter,Miss Edna, returned Sunday from anextended visit to relatives at Springfield, O.Mr. and Mrs. W. Fithian Lilieston, of Wichita, Kans., are the guestsof Mrs. S. Lilleston and family, onHiggins Avenue.Miss Annie Jones and cousin,Mrs. G. S. Fraer, of Richmond, Va.,are euests of Mrs. John Talbott, inNorth Middletown.Mr. Frank Daugherty has returned to Philadelphia after a visit to hismother, Mrs. C. A. Daugherty, andfamily, in this city.Mrs. Patterson ai-d two children,of Columbus, Ky., and Miss Oda Kash,of Chanute, Kansas, are guests ofMrs. J. L. Wilcox.Misses Louise Connel and MaryElizabeth Dean are members ot ahouse party beinb entertainea oy mrs.Collins, in Maysville.Mr. and Mrs. L. I. Smith and little daughter, Mary Ashbrook, of Pensacola, Fla., are guests of Mr. andMrs. Frank P. Kiser.Miss Mary Cook, who has beenthe guest of her aunt, Mrs. L. J.Fretwell, on Cypress Street, has returned to her home in Harrodsburg.Miss Evelyn Friedman and brother, Norbert Friedman, have gone toCincinnati for a visit to their grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. M. Bearlo, inAvondale.Mr. Howard Lancaster, City Electrician, is confined to his home withan attack of typhoid fever. He is incharge of Miss Colvin, of Cincinnati,a trained unrse.Pesident Crossfield, of Transylvania University, at Lexington, winpreach at Cane Ridge,., next Sundaymorning at 11 o'clock.Mrs. Alice Fisher has returned toher home in Carlisle, after a visit toher brothers, Messrs. Frank and Wm.Remington, and sister, Mrs. MamieParrish, in this city.Robert White, son of Mr. andMrs. F. White, wah operated on byDr. Wallingford at the Massie Memorial Hospital, Saturday for adenoidsand tonsilitis, and is doing nicely.Editor Bruce Miller, of the Ken-tuckian-Citizen,spent from Saturdayto Tuesday at the Mineral Springs, inOhio, where his sister, Mrs. HenryPreston, of Ashland, is spending afortnight..Mrs. Alex 'Tingle and Miss Willie -Tingle, are visiting friends" in Cincinnati. Miss Louise Morrson, of Charleston, W. Va., is a guest of Miss LenaJohnson.Mss Julia Fronk, of Latonia, is aguest of Miss Edith Wright, on Pleasant Street.Mrs. W. R. Stipp has returnedfrom a visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. James Boone, in Frankfort.Mrs. George Whitehouse, of Louisville, is visiting her mother, Mrs.Mary Gorham, on Pleasant Street, vMiss Annie Fisher has gone toCovington for a visit with her cousins, Msses Gertrude and Ada Fisher.Miss Lena Benton returned to herhome in Frankfort, Thursday, after avisit' to Mrs. Varden Shipp, at Clintonville. (Other Personals on Page 4)BEAUTIFUL QUALITY.Rich Cloth Skirts with long tunics.!.00 quality, at $1.25, atHARRY SIMON'SWAS BRAINE -CRAZY?He dived into the ocean! See theMillion Dollar Mystery at The Columbia Theatre to-morrow.LOST.Somewhere on the streets of Paris,a double-case. gold watch, with name"Geo. J. Fields" engraved on insideof case. Finder will be rewarded byreturning the watch to this office.THE FAIR.Some Hot Weather bargains.Most everything in our storehas taken a drop in price10-piece Toilet Sets, in pinkand green decoration at $1.98;plain white Fruit Saucers, at10c set; Screen Doors and Windows at reduced prices; alsostandard make Ice Cream Freezers; all sizes of Mason Fritjars.THE FAIR.TFor Prompt AttentionandDependable ServiceIn Any Line ofmnmTHE NEW FIRM!iiw.o.HON8SONALL KINDS OFINSURANCEOldReliable, Prompt Paying Companies.WD9Q9UlM$$4l$$i24"2,IN!M3',i,,a&iNi,ilaiNi,,iMiStraussBros.4& CosNewONSUMMER GOODS!An Opportunity to Buy Beautiful NewLAWNS, . RATINES, . CREPES, DRESS LINES!and Mrny Novelty Wash Goods at Bif -Reductions.200 Shirt -Waists To v " .Close Out at Half Price,-A Few CREPE and MUSLIN UNDERGARMENTS,Slightly Mussed During Our Sale, atBARGAIN PRICES.IW. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goo'ds Store.ii5c Cigar!No.frSec2W. 0. HINTON!& SON. II THE NEW riRM.KODAKOn Sale at AllCigar Stands.&B W WEATHER SPECIALSix Iced Tea Glasses,. Six Iced Tea Spoons ; .and Six Coasters . ;ALL FOR$4.50C. O. HINTONTHE J. T. HINTON CO.REMARKABLEAndTo Be RememberedREDUCTIONSONLET THECHILDRENKODAKMiss Frances Champe returnedSunday night from an extended visitto JMiss Lucile Roberts, in Henderson.Several social entertainments weregien inher honor while Miss Robert's guest.Elder John Christopherson andfamily, who have been guests of relatives in Wisconsin for about fourweeks,, Teturned to North Middletown,Wednesday evening. Elder Christopherson preached at the usual noursSunday.Mi1. Edward Spears entertainedthe members of Miss Eleanor Clay'shouse Dartv at his residence on Stoner Avenue, Friday evening. On Saturday afternoon Mr. Spears entertained the same party with a boatingtrip up "Beautiful Stoner."Mr. and Mrs. N. Ford Brent, andson, Ned, Dr. George Kent Vardenand Mrs. Varden, Dr. C. G. Daugherty,Miss Bess Holladay, Miss Kate Alexander and Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Brentmotored Friday to Lexington, wherethey visited the L. V. Harkness stockfarm. At five o'clock in the afternoon,the party we're .guests at a pic-nicgiven in honor of Dr. and Mrs. Var-1:They will enjoytaking picturesthe simple, easyKodak Way,You will be glad . vto have a picturestory of vacationdays.,KODAKS, $5.00 up.BROWNIE CAMERAS, they worklike Kodaks, $1.00 to $12.00.Porch Sowings, v . J .Porch Shairs. Lawn Swings,1 v ; Lawn Benches,Hammocks,Porch ShadesANDREPRIGERATORSDaughertyBros, slt'HMt'H'The prices on these goods are ridiculouisly low, and are made for CASHONLY. Charged at regular prices. , Seewindows. . - ;THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky-Phones 36Undertaking-Ambulance-Wood Mantels , rzVSfiv- VA ,Ji"V'wri -3Lt"iv r.rmmim:wM : m: wvmWJ7imf rr-i ' ---"." -y?g s i: y& &?&'-? 'zrrxm??' .: " rv- Tftit?iuvTHE BOUkSQN NEWS PAWS K,Y AUGUST .4 1499EEasSBmrnmrmnrtnttiJob Printing)WORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE J9B RGOfflS OFTHENewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everything,that is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention. .-;,.'x-5Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Qur type is new and modernfacesCbe Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and made wknown on application.IWiUUUUUimSFORMER 4ARISGRL SIHES ," FOR BREACH OF PROMISE"Breach of promise of marriage ilalleged in a petition filed in the Jefferson Circuit Court at Louisville by5Jisa Sena Muir, daughter of Mr. andfrs. J. Vol Muir, formerly of Paris,against Alex. Johnson, of Louisville.Judgment for $10,000 is asked for inthe petition.It is alleged in the petition thatMiss Muir and Johnson were engagedto be married Christmas Day, 1906,but that the wedding day was deferred at the request of the defendantbecause of his impaired financial condition until the following summer.For some reason not made plain tothe plaintiff, it is alleged, the weddingwas again deferred by the defendantuntil autumn arrived, and numeroustimes thereafter until June, 1914,when the defendant entered 'into amarriage with Miss Flors Ballard. Itis averred that at no time during thelong courtship and up to the time ofhis marriage with another, did the defendant inform the plaintiff that itwas not his purpose to keep hisagreement to marry her, and that atno time during these long years didshe receive the attentions of any other man or men.BENEFITSOFTRAVELING.isTHE TWENTY YEAR TEST."Somie twenty years ago I usedChambelain's Colic, Cholera andDiarrhoea Remedy," writes Geo. W.Brock, publisher of the Enterprise,Aberdeen, "Md. "I discovered that itwas a quick and safe cure for diarrhoea. Since then no one can sell meanything said to be 'just as good.'During all these years I have used itand recommended it many times, andit has never disappointed anyone."For sale by all dealers.(adv aug.)LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)There is a whole lot in a name.Twenty years ago the section handson the railroads wore cheap outfitsknown as Sand Hog and Grease Monksuits. Now the railroad officials arewearing the same thing, but theyhave changed the name to PalmBeach Suits.A man may have a little respectfor an ornery mutt who sets fire to anorphan asylum. But a guy whocatches four of a kind when you areholding a pat full house is seven degrees lower than a Siwash Indian whofeeds his baby on snakes.Charity and First Aid to theHeathen should begin at home. WhileMother is out collecting funds to Educate the Solomon Islanders, Fatherwill wake up and discover that hispet comb and brush and .filled withMother's hair, and Father will proceed to forget all about his Education and cuss a blue streak in seventeen South Sea dialects.We may be wrong, but we will always maintain that any woman whohas to carry a gun to Defend HerHonor hasn't much to defend.There are all sorts of people in theworld, incuding the man who gets alot of consolation out of the rumorthat Jawn Dee Rockefeller can't eatanything.The Reformers have had a lot ofsport pasting white paper over theexposed limbs of the show ladies intights, as said ladies capered nimblyon the bill boards. But the Reformers can't fasten an opaque draperyon the skirts worn by the women onsunny days.One trouble with the world is thatthe fellows who are most in need ofadvice are those who are always trying to give it away.When a boy hears two men speakof the Good Old Days he imaginesthey have reference to the periodwhen there were knot holes in thefences around the big league ballparks.A woman who thinks she i s marrying for money often realizes later onthat she is earning about 16 per weekfor 18 hours' work per day.What has become of the old-fashionedsaloon keeper who used to giveaway two pretzels with every nicklecan of beer.We are traveling pretty fast. Ifyou mention "The Pilgrim's Progress'to the average boy of today he wouldthink you were talking about somenew game.Any man who makes a study ofthe newspaper personal coulmns during the 'summer must feel that theAmerican people are doing an enormous lot of traveling.It is not merely that the millionaires are on the go, flitting hitherand you to kill ennui, anxious to besomewhere where they are not. Eventhe little country town shows thatsimple hearted people of very moderate means are visiting here and thereand taking long journeys.The type of person who used tostick closely at home year after yearhas almost .disappeared. A generation ago it was common to see oldtimers who boasted that they had notslept outside their homes for 10, 20or 30 years. The inertia that settledover them was appalling. It seemedan unsettling and revolutionary effortfor them to pack a little grip and goover to the next town to spend aweek-end with a relative.Of all the modern ways of spending money on things not strictly necessities, traveling probably brings thelargest returns of intelligence. Narrowness is a result of hearing onlyone point or view. Tne moment afellow stirs around and gets into another state and another section, hebegins to see that his home folks arenot the only guardians of wisdom.He learns that there are other pointsof view and many of them are goodones.The benefits derived from traveldicer greatly. Some people on theirreturn can talk of little save of thefood they got at the hotels and thecomfort or discomfort provided by therailroads. To others every tree inthe fields, every building, every person met, suggests subtle and interesting differences from the scenery, themanners, and the customs of thehome environment. Such persons also get a great many good businesssuggestions. The farmer finds an object lesson in every field, and themerchant a selling idea in everystreet.THE CASE OF L. L. CANTELOU.The case of L. L. Cantelou, Clamdon, Texas, is similar to tha of manyothers who have used Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy.He says, "After trying a doctor forseveral months, and using differentkinds of medicine for my wife whohad been troubled with severe bowelcomplaint for several months, Ibought a 25c bottle of Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy.After using the second bottle she wasentirely cured." For sale by all dealers. (adv aug.)I saw the new pantalettes yesterday. They fasten around the anklewith a ribbon and look very sloppy.The ones I saw were black lace andthe wearer sported silk stockings.P- S.. They may become very popular as they do not hide a blame thing.A fat woman will squeeze her feetinto tight shoes and keep two maidsbusy hauling to get her fastened intoa straight front and get the pacingharness adjusted. Then she will letthe maids strangle her into a tightbrassiere that would kill a male person in two mmutes. And after allthis she will feel so comfortablewhen she is dressed that she will goout and have a man arrested becahsehe is driving a horse with a highcheck rein.CONSTIPATION CAUSES SICKNESS.INFECTION AND INSECTBrTES DANGEROUS.Mosquitoes, flies and other insects, which breed quickly in garbagepails, ponds or stagnant matter, barns,musty places, etc., are carriers of disease. Every time they bite you, theyinj'ect poison into your system fromwhich some dread disease may result.Get a bottle of Sloan's Liniment. Itis antiseptic and a few drops will neutralize the infection caused by insectbites or rusty nails. Sloan's Liniment disinfects Cuts, Bruises andSores. You cannot afford to be without it in your home. Money back ifnot satisfied. Only 25c, at your Druggist. (adv aug.)COWS AND WILD ONIONS,Cows will eat wild onions in preference to grass sometimes. At least,judging from the milk when theycome home at night, they rarely passa bunch without "sampling it. Nowcomes a contributor to the Progressive Farmer with this declarationit is worth trying where the pest isgrimly crowding everything else out:Sheep will eat onions in preferenceto any grass or clover known and never will allow an onion to grow toseeding height, unless there are moreonions than they can eat. No matterhow may onions the sheep may eat,the flesh, when butchered, nevertastes or smells of oninon. Encouragethe sheep industry, and they willeradicate, or at least keep down, theonions and pal well for privilege ofdoing so. News-Banner.fei crtAnct onDon't permit yourself to becomeconstipated, as your system immediately begins to absorb poison fromthe backed-up waste matter. Use Dr.King's New Life Pills and keep well!There is no better safe-guard againstillness. Just take one dose to-night.25c, at your druggist.(adv aug.) tOPNEUAl V0jbbMAbshHrfhMiBH(Copyright, by McClure Syndicate.)HOW CHILDREN GROW.Children grow by nourishment notoverloaded stomachs or rich foods butqualities that are readily converted intolife-sustaining blood; too often theirdigestive powers cannot procure thesequalities from ordinary foods which resultsin weakness, dullness and sickness.If your children are under-size, underweight, catch cold easily, are languid,backward, pale or frail, give them Scott'sEmulsion whichis pure medicinal nourishment. It sharpens the appetite, buildshealthy flesh, firm muscles and activebrains. Scott's is growing-food forchildren. Refuse alcoholic substitutes.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen,- which proves its superiority.Women who have "been, cured sayit is "worth its -Weight in cold''" AtI druggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Faxton Toilet Co Boston, Maw.inHBMHMtfnMaMM1 ' " ' " Mi - - " - -m.tv B BsBsBsBsBsTj BsB "Black ? Ak p 1 bbbbbbVi newTan' IB Mi LM bHb ptanfc2J bT LLMLM ABBBBBB"Eay 'aild IbbT BEr SBBBBBBBBWrkZ?White IbW bVBbbbF HOpngIbbbbbbbbbbbWPP-bbbbbbbI BBest K577bbbbbbbb7 10cfor the YmLrm' a,ieitShoes 2W "J I ISPL. t o use9c&r 5BbH1BBXiiThomas & Woodford!Fire, Wind,VLightning Insurance! IProtect Your GrowingTobacco AgainstHAILOnly First-Class CompaniesRepresented!2roSTAPLE C& FANCYfGROCERIESALSOAH the VegetablesOf the SeasonOUR LINE OFCanned GoodsCannot Be ExcelledIN. A. MOORE.Sauer's Old Stand. vGreatBargainSaletsNow,Going On!Greater Bargains than youhave ever before heard of inParis.KINDLY CALL ATinSeventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky;fed4MrV;&W6-? Ir 3. .V"X i'-"- I 123:'tfiv viVJ?..i.fc7r. "SVVv .- . ' -Ate-. 4?J(&1l-jfajdagL .k. . t .b "4 , tJJuHhiM.!.x.jAi LfalmhMb-fr. w . i.-. . ... - vr' , .si-ifcr t i&tofcui&k k J"L :.. . r .5j. ',Jr,1HE, BOURBON NfcWS. PARIS, KENTUCKYr rs-$srmAn Open Letter.r2A?- FRIEND:Do you feel run down? Do you feelthough that part of you whichsues life, strength, health an'd vigorDot there? Do you wake up tiredin the morning? Do you have an inrtscrbable weariness all the time?re you nervous, at all times irritate"1 Do you ever have the blues andail -nto fits of despondency without:jt causeIf so, I want to have a little confi-. rt.al talk with you. I understandr trouble. I know its cause; Ii ?v its nature; and I know its cureen troubles as these rarely existed?L.oiig the American Indians of thepabt. I will tell you why.Because there grows in this county roots and herbs into which nature.as combined all her curative agencies. Just as Nature has combinedirto the egg all the nutritive humanorgans, so it has combined into theseloots and herbs all the propertiesAhich are necessary to the healing ofje diseased human organs.At great expense I have been ableto have these roots and herbs gathered and I now have them in my labratory. I wish that I had the powerto spread the news by one mightyproclamation and announce to thepeople of this country what a greatblessing it is to them. I wish that-all who suffer with diseases thattheir local phyician has been unableto cure, could know of the marveloushealing power of this simple remedy,gathered from Nature's storehouse.I send this remedy to pou just as I.get it from Nature I do not allow itsmagic power to be trifled with orlessened by mixing it with ordinarydrugs or chemicals. You take simply Brown's Native Herb in LiquidForm. Quaff this cup of life and theresult is simply indescribable. Youfeel no more weariness you felt before. Your step regains the elasticyof younger days. Your complexion"becomes clearer and healthier. Youfeel a vigor and a desire to do something, whereas before you felt weariness. Your eyes become brighter andreflect the animation with which yourentire system becomes charged. Yourspirit lightens and the whole worldbecome bright and beautiful. Youfeel an ability in yourself which naturally comes from, the feeling ofstrength and power.You may think that I am just talking and that I do not mean what Isay in regard to this most remarka1'le remedy. But the remarkable offer1 make you ought to be enough to con-mce you that I not only know whatSafe InvestmentTwinGives advice to all the people of u Parisand Bourbon County to invest their moneyinClothing, Shoes,Hats, Caps,Underwear, Etc.They will give you one hundred cents onthe dollar on your merchandise investment.Call in and see them.L. WOLLSTEIIN, Prop.HONEY CROP POOR.The honey crop throughout Garrardand Lincoln counties is proving unsatisfactory to bee handlers, the lackof white clover blossoms being inpart the cause of the deficiency. OneGarrard county farmer, who has given considerable attention to bees, reports that, having as many as sixtyhives, he only extracted one poundfrom forty-five of them. He reportsthe honey darker than usual this season. Before marriage he tells her hewould die for her. After marriage Jiedemonstrates thathe never had anyintention. of working himself to dethT am talking about and mean all I say,but that I am willing to back it up ina substantial manner. Rememberthat I agree that if, after taking tendays treatment of this remedy, youare not satisfied with the results, wewant you to return the balance andwe will return your money to youwithout a word. You must knowthat I could not go to this expenseif I did not know that you would receive from it the greatest and mostbeneficial results.Now I am going to make a still further inducement. If you will givethis marvelous remedy a trial, I willlet you have six bottles for $5.00, or3 bottles for 2.50. The regular priceis $1.00 a bottle. I am making thisremarkable and unusual generousoffer for the purpose of getting youto give Brown's Native Herbs mLiquid Form a trial. It is worthsomething to me for you to know themarvelous virtue of this remedy.As soon as its wonderful efficiencybecomes generally known, people willwrite to us imploring us to sell thema small portion of it at any price, instead of our writing to them askingthem to give it a trial.One thing let me impress upon you,and that is that you not let your system become weaker and weaker andget in a worse and worse conditionbefore taking treatment. Taketreatment before it is forever toolate. Brown's Native Herbs in Liquid Form will revitalize you andmake you a new person. Give it atrial and you will bless the day thatI first wrote you in regard to thismost marvelous of nature's medicine.T lirmo that vnii will crivA this Ttlflt.ter your serious consideration. Matters of life and death should not betreated lightly. I have the deepestsympathy for all who suffer, and yetI must confess that the greater portion of the suffering of which mankind is called upon to endure, is theresult of indecision and delay uponthe part of the patient in takingtreatment. Why the suffering mortal should refuse to take hold of thehand which is outstretched to help, isa thing which I cannot understand.It seems to me that any suffererwould hail with gratitude a discovery like this one. Indeed I must saythat they are hailing it with muchthankfulness.Are you sick? I have a remedy thatwill cure you. I would be grossly undutiful if I should fail to tell youwhat Brown Native Herbs in LiquidForm will do for you. But after-1have said all I can say, and have laidthe matter before you to the best ofmy ability, it will not be my fault ifyou let your present state of healthcontinue until the dead line is passedand you hear the awful words, "TooLate," ringing in your ears forever.I am anxious that you act upon thismatter at once in taking Brown's Native Herbs in Liquid Form withoutfurther delay, not only on account ofthe condition of your health, but onaccount of the limited supply of thisremedy. I cannot tell how fast thenews will travel of its unequaled efficacy to overcome wne ills of the .human body. So heed the warning.Seize the opportunity while you can.I also wish to say that Brown's Native Herbs in Liquid Form is thegreatest physic known, and those inthe habit of taking salts, pills andcathartics to clean the system shouldgo to their druggist and get a large1.00 bottle and see what a real pleasure it is to take a medicine that willdo as you want it to. All druggistssell it.Most sincerely your friend,ARNOLD DOUGLAS BROWN.BrosJtfSr(Copyright, by McClure Syndicate)- - .jr - "In the Second4Row BackThe ominous tinkle of the littleclock striking the hour made themboth look up. He was first to speak.As he drew from his pocket two slipsof pasteboard, his words came in dulleven tones."Here are the theater tickets Ibought last week. If you care to go,we may as well pass the time there asin any other way."Before answering she closed herbook and placed it carefully upon thetable. She gave no hint of haste norof the response that passed throughher at his words."Since you have the tickets, yes."Just as she feared, he caught herwrist as she passed and held her ina firm grasp."Marian, what sense is there in thisstubbornness? You know that I donot :are so much for the reason ofyour going as I do your not tellingme."She tried to free herself. "That isnot true," she gasped. "You want toknow why I went there. I'd have toldyou, some time, if you'd trusted me.""But, Marian, I hear you've been going there for a month, and I've knownnothing of it. You knew I'd hate athing like that.""Your informant ought to havefound out more. Why not have himtry again? I'll never tell you, never.No matter what happens, I'll nevertell you."He dropped her hand at that, andshe went on into the other room.When she returned she had all heremotions well in control.They reached their seats in the theater just as the curtain went up. Inthe half light Marian removed her hatand coat, and tried to settle herself togather the threads thrown out in thefirst act.Suddenly into the strained silence ofthe audience came a voice. "She saysshe doesn't love him but she'll marryhim."It was a girl's voice, and there wasa familiar ring in it to Marian. "Did!she say she'd marry him?" This timeit was an older, more cautious voice."Yes, but she does not love him."There was a stir and a wavering titter among those within hearing.Marian sighed and wondered if everagain she should feel so much interest in anything as one could hear inthat girl's voice. The play held nothing for her. She wondered how it waswith James. To her the pretenseof enjoyment was becoming a burden and she wished that they had not!come."She says she does not love him. buthe'll never know. Oh, it's awfully exciting!" Again Marian felt the stir inthe audience, again she longed to seethe play with the heart and eyes ofthe girl: If she could keep herthoughts upon the actors she must forget, for a little while, her heartache."He says he's a buttinski. Oh, he'sthe funniest."The curtain fell, the lights flashedup. Marian found herself in a state ofpainful bewilderment. Sometimeswhen she and James talked it over between the acts, they could come to abetter understanding of the play. Shetook a cautious glance at her husband.He was sitting severely straight andstill.Marian gave up all thought offollowing the play. An unexpected tragedy had come into her ownlife, and nothing could blots it fromher mind. Each moment she was becoming more frightened at the outcome of her quarrel. They could notgo on like this."Hector says he'll stand by her tcthe end, if he dies for it." It was thegirl's voice again in explanation.Marian felt a relaxation of her tensenerves. Oh, what a time she shouldhave had to keep James quiet if .She was back at the old worry again.It pressed harder. She began to believe 'that she could not bear it muchlonger. She would have to tell James,but things could never be the sameagain. He had doubted her and hehad been so cruel about it that he hadforced her to tell.Marian glanced at her husband. Hecleared his throat and changed his position. The voice in continued conversation was tantalizingly familiar.Cautiously Marian moved her head.Just a little way, and then"Oh, mamma, there's the lady thatcomes to Helen's to give us thedancing lessons. Yes, the one righthere in the silk dress, the shepherd'scheck. Oh, she is just lovely!""That's her husband; Helen show.edhim to me yesterday. He is awfullygood looking."Marian moved closer to the chairnext the aisle and wbispered:"I I wanted to buy that Gibbonsfor your birthday, James, with myown money. I knew you wouldn't likemy doing ""Don't, dear," murmured James.He kept a firm hold of her hand,pressing it gently now and again. Sheknew that he was ruining her glovebut she was content. And while thelast act held little more for her thanthe first and second, she could guessthat it ended happily. And it gave apretty glow to the reconciliation thathad, in the past 15 minutes, changedthings for her so materially.Good In Discontent.Discontent, if there ii a reason forit, is t. hopeful and useful sign.. . ... . - 's.YOURh:idnys7wi.l?ManyPari, Pt9p& 'kiioVtbi Impor.a wiiw OT,Hthy ;Kidiwy;The kidneys filter the" blood.They work night and day. . .' Well kidneys remove impurities.Weak kidneys allow impuritiesmultiply.No kidney ill should be neglected.There is possible-danger in delay.If you have backuche or urinarytroubles.If you are nervous, dizzy or wornout,Begin treating xyour kidneys atonce;Use a proven kidney remedy.None endorsed like Doan's KidneyPills.Recommended by thousands.Proved by Winchester testimony.A. G. McCauley, iU S. Mapel St.,Winchester, Ky., says: "I had painsthrough my kidneys and the kidneysecretions were scanty and painful inpassage. On the recommendation ofa friend, I got a box of Doan's Pillsand the results of their use convincedme of their merit. I now gladly confirm what I said about them before."The above is not an isolated case.Mr. McCauley is only one of many inthis vicinity who have gratefully endorsed Doan's. If your back achesif your kidneys bother you, don't simply ask for a kidney remedy ask distinctly for Doan's Kidney Pills, thesame that Mr. McCauley had. 50c allstores. Foster-Milburn Co., Props.,Buffalo, N. Y.There are some words in a moderndictionary. But a pin-feathered pupwho is talking to a girl over thephone can use every one of themfour times and not say a thing.Old Castor Oil and Old Smallpoxare not very popular. But they donot stand around saloons and arguereligion and politics.SUMMER CONSTIPATIONDANGEROUS.Constipation in Summer-time ismore dangerous than in the fall, winter or spring. The food you eat is often contaminated and is more likelyto ferment in your stomach. Thenyou are apt to drink much cold water, thus injuring, your stomach.Colic, Fever, Ptomaine Poisoning andother ills are natural results. Po-Do-Laxwill keep you well, as it increasesthe Bile, the natural laxative, whichrids the bowels of the congested poisonous waste. Po-Do-Lax will makeyou feel better. Pleasant and effective. Take a dose to-night. 50c, atVfAiii "rTiinrrric?'f6&(adv aug.)Give a girl the right kind of a present and she'll forgive the past.All men are free and equal. That'swhy one man balls out the barkeepbecause the beer isn't cold enoughand the other man balls out the barkeep because the beer is too cool.A man imagines that he is as braveas a woman. But did you ever hearof a man who married a woman toreform, her?The old-fashioned woman who usedto shoot her husbanu now has adaughter who shoots her husband'saffiinity.SUMMER COUGHS ARE DANGEROUS.Summer coughs are dangerous.They indicate low vitality and oftenlead to serious Throat and LungTroubles, including Consumption. Dr.King's New Discovery will relieve thecougr or cold promptly and preventcomplications. It is soothing and antiseptic and makes you feel better atonce. To delay is dangerous get abottle of Dr. King's New Discovery atonce. Your money back if not satisfied. 50c and ifl.00 bottles at yourDruggist.(adv aug.)Some ot 'the Summer gowns disclosed almost everything but a woman's intentions.Nobel forgot all about it, but Carnegie can secuie the lasting gratitudeof a suffering world if he will donatea prie of $1,000,000 per year to beawarded to the man who shows theability to keep his month shut.There are a whole lot of narrowminded men in this world who arewearing No. 8 hats. ,NOT SO STRANGE AFTER ALL.You raay think it strange that somany people are cured of stomachtrouble by Chamberlain's Tablets.You would not, however, if you shouldgive them a trial. They strengthenand invigorate the stomach and enable it to perform its functions naturally. Mrs. Rosie Rish, Wabash, Ind.,writes, "Nothing did me the leastgood until I began using Chamberlain's Tablets. It is decidedly thebest medicine for stomach trouble Ihave ever used." For sale by alldealers.(adv-aug)COUNTY COURT DAYS.Below is "a list of the days CountyCourts are held each month in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, LawreceDurg, 3d Monday.Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, lat Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Peindleton, Falmoutn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wayne, Montecello, 4th Monday.Woodford, Versailles. 4th MondayFayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th 'Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, nd Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday,Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Monday. Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday.ARE5- . dlitfSIHHffc.- . "?HI1 Mi nil iWi T) ' It1 it answers every beverage re- 4&1 quirement vim, vigor, refreshment, " 1M wholesomeness. ' J3It will satisfy you. fflLiL Demand the genuine by full name PMk I.icknaracs encourage substitution. HNHE7 kTHE COCA-COLA COMPANY fllljIIByoifseean mltrKENTUCKYSEPT. 14th$3,000 SADDLE$1,000 Light Harnass StakeStudent's Judging ContestTROTTING AND PACING RACES EACH DAYFine Exhibits of Horses, Cattle, Swine, Sheep, Poultry, FieldSeed and Grain, Horticulture and Woman's HandiworkCLEAN MIDWAY AND FREE ATTRACTIONSGRANDFIREWORKSDISPLAYif.Reduced Railroad RatesJ. L. DENT,705 Paul Jones Bidding,; J' &svw rlifife4 PSProsperity comes only to him who MAKES it for himself. It is easy to gain if yoiL will only do what your common sense tells you to do work, save, DEPOSIT yourj money and let it stay in theDo not dabble in GET-RIGH-QUIGK speculation; thisisthe sure road to RUIN. Play SAFE; this is the sure roacltoSUGGESS.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe. pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings. . -DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BAKKCAPITAL -.$130,000.00SURPLUS 50,000.00 " -STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY 150,000.00 ':jProtection to Depositors $3S0,OOMS. EBEDFORD, Prtfltnt.STATE FAIRto 19th, 1914HORSE STAKE- $1,000 Roadster SulwFarmer Boys' EscmpantBATTLE OF MEXICO"For Catalogue and Entry Blank AcMtmsSecretary,LOUISVILLE, KY.TfflS PROSPEROUS BUSINESS?MAN WAS A "PRUDENT" ,YOUNG MAN. HE BANKEDHIS MONEY. ARE YOUBANKING YOURS?"bank.. " C. K. THOMAt,for her. .frf fl i . r-v.m:'V-?1-iJ B . .. .. is-'- i'4 "!$i Z.Jv. . r i "!: ovv-.-l"5C,. r' 1 t vV . fsi:V "T T .-iKV",'i' P'Jt" " 1?? fSTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,. KY., AUGUST, 4 1914v? -" ""TIfit1mOF MILLERSBUR6'Squire E. P. Thamasson is on thesick list.Miss Edna Clarke is spending twoweeks' vacation at Swango Springs.Mrs. F. E. Bruce, who was operatedon at St. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, last Friday, is doing nicely.Miss Virginia Hutchcraft returned Wednesday, after a several weeks'visit to Louisville and Indianapolis.Mr. John Shay returned Fridayfrom Lexington, where he had beenfor several days under treatment ofDr. Barrow.Mrs. Minnie C. Hurst and familyreturned Wednesday from a visit toher parents, Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Cochran, at Elizaville.Mrs. Mollie Slack returned Thursday to her home at Sharpsburg, afterspending two weeks at the bedside ofher -brother, Mr. J. J. Peed, who continues about the same.Mr. Adam Ingels has resigned hisposition as clerk at the Crab OrchardHotel, at Crab Orchard Springs, andreturned to Millersburg last Thursdayto remain.Mrs. J. R. Tankersley, of Chattanooga, Tenn., arrived Sunday tomaVp this Tilaofi her future home. Mr.Tankersley recently purchased thebarber shop of Mr. r.T.Bently. rMrs. D. B. Judyand mother-in-law,Mrs. Minnie Rule, accompaniedby Mrs. Elizabeth Corrington, the latter of Indianapolis, Ind., have returned to their home at Middlesboro.They have been here since the interment of Mrs. Judy.There was some disappointmentexperienced in the Millersburg Chautauqua Thursday afternoon when itwas learned that Maymie WynneCox, the delinerator of negro dialectand banjo lady, could not be present.An improvised program was arranged,made up partly of local talent, and alecture on "Home" by Mr. Fish, manager of the Flemingsburg Chautauqua, which was well received. In theevening a local prelude was made upof Misses Alma Duke Jones, pianist,Lucy Jones, vocalist and AnnetteHurst, reader, which was well received, and each young lady received numerous applause. All were amply rewarded for the time occupied and inthe o lssof Maymie Wynne Cox whenHon. Alf Taylor, speaker of the evening, was introduced, taking for hissubject, "The World's Greatest Question." Mr. Taylor is perhaps the mostprofound thinker that ever stood uponthe Millersburg platform. Every utterance abounds in beautiful language. His thought is deep.The Chautauqua was continuedFriday afternoon at 2:30 by the Crescent Club, a quartette of four youngladies. These ladies gave a delightful, light parlor entertainment. Theviolinist was good and played someartistic numbers in a creditable manner. The vocalist and reader did notcome up to the full measure of theother work of the Chautauqua. Inthe evening ex-Ambassador to Mexico,Hon. Henry Lane Wilson, addressedus on the Mexican situation. Mr.Wilson has occupied 13 years in foreign affairs representing the TJ. S.Government. He addressed us on theMexican situation and gave a historyof the war for the past four years,and also a brief history of the country for the past thirty years. 'In connection with this history he broughtforward a unmber of facts withwhich we are not familiar and whichthe newspapers have not published.On Saturday morning at 9:30 theathletic work of the Chautauqua washeld on the M. M. I. campus. Therewere 13 various runs and jumps forwith good prizes were offered, andwere assigned at the evening entertainment, the Smith Bros, receivingthe lareer number of them. Thiswork was under the management ofMessrs. Willams and Sutherland, whohave been with us during the time ofthe Chautauqua. Considerable em-COMPLAINTS OF RATES.Charges -of 'freight rate discrimination in favor of Winchester, Parisand Nicholas at the expense ofRichmond are made against "the Louisville and 2Jashville Railroad Company and fifty-nine other carriers ina suit just filed with the InterstateCommerce Commission in Washington by Attorney J. Van Norton, ofLouisville, for the Richmond Commercial Club. -c-jThe rates from the north and west,ARRESTED FOR ASSAULT.James Sanders, a white man residing on West Street, was presentedin Judge McMillan's Court, on complaint of his wife, who alleged thather hubby had cursed, struck andbruised her. Sanders was arrested bySheriffs Marshall and McClintock.Sanders alleged that his wifehad been keeping bad company,and that he felt called upon to administer a reproof. After giving theprisioner a good lecturing Judge Mc-ELECTION.it is alleged, unduly favor Paris and Millan dismissed him with a warningNicholasville, while those from the . to be good in the future,east favor Winchester. It is charged Obsessed with the idea that he hadthat the rates from Eastern points is suddenly fallen heir to most of thethe Winchester rates plus the full lo-l valuable real estate in and aroundthusiasm prevailed during the time of cal rate . between Winchester and Paris, Chas. Johnson, colored, wasthe meeting. In the afternoon at 2:30we were greeted by the MendelsshonQuartette made up entirely of Italians. They furnished the prelude forthe lecture, playing for half anhour.We were then introduced to TheronAlvin Harmon, of Yankton, S. C, whodelivered perhaps the most pleasingaddres thus far, taking as his subjectthe "Way of the Open Road," whichled us through all the various phasesof life" and character. He is a fluentspeaker. In the evening we enjoyedfull concert by the Mendelssons andMad. Zoe Pearl Park, which was decidedly the best musical aggregationthus far of the- Chautauqua. The violin solo was sweet and pure. Thepure contralto voice of Mad. Park captivates all, she sang with much easeand grace. The harpist in his exquisite munipulations, was also therecipient of numerous encores. Histechnique was exquisite, and wehope to have them with us another1 season. At 10:45 Sunday, Dr. Crossfield, of Transylvania University, conducted devotional exercises under thebig tent. The music was furnishedby the local choir. Dr. Crossfield did! not come into our midst as a stranger.(He preached a most brilliant discourse. On Sunday afternoon beginning at 2:30 the Intrnational Male(Quartette gave a full concert. Theyare also among the good numbers ofI the Chautaqua. They responded to anumber of encores and were exceedingly liberal with their program.There are a large number of visitors, but owing to lack of space weare obliged to omit.Ex-Attorney-General John H. Atwood, of Kansas, addressed the largeassemblage at the Chautauqua Sunday evening at eight o'clock, takingfor his subject, "The Unrest of theTimes." He was by far the mostforceful speaker on the Chautauquaprogram, and his address won highpraise from his auditors. The musical program rendered by the NationalQuartette was a distinct feature ofthe program, which was thoroughlyenjoyed by all.Richmond. An equitable Adjustment haled before Judge McMillan theis asked. Louisville Times. i same day Sanders appeared. Johnsonhad been absorbing what Luke Mc-NO VACATIONS THIS SUMMER. J Luke designated as "thirst capsules"and when they took effect he becameEverybody will stay at home and converted from a comparatively poorJ see the Million Dollar Mystery every man into a real estate king, and hadweek.DR. CLARKE'S WILL PROBATED.; a half-dozen deals on hand, one ofthem for the sale of the Court Houseto a hotel-building syndicate. He wasplaced in care of Jailer Farris to1 come out of his dream.The last will and testament of the , when Torny Romey shook the sandlate Dr. C. J. Clarke, the well-known raans dust out of his eyes at the Cen.Paris druggist, who died on July 27, tral Hotel Friday morning, and beganwas admitted to probate in Judge Mc- to'take an inventory of his worldlyMilan's Court Friday. The will, possessions, he discovered that hiswhich was witnessed by Frank his weaithf $8.56) had taken flight onRoche and H. D. Alexander, after di- tne wings of the morning. By somerecting the payment of all debts, de- strange mischance the money wasvises all his property, real and per- found buried in a sock belonging ta hissonal, to his wife, Mrs. Nannie Nich- roommate, Thos. Underbell, whoolas Clarke, and nominates her as ex- was arrested by Patrolman King,ecutrix of his estate. The Court was Romey got his money, and Underrequested to require no bond of her, bell got thirty days in jailand asks that no inventory or ap-praisment of the estate be made.LOOKED LIKE TOTALABSTINENCE."GOODY" QUITS THEBASE BALL GAME.Mr. B. Frank Goodman, our"Goody," one of the best-known starsof the Blue Grass League, and one ofComing back from the Thaviu Bandconcert at the Fair Grounds Sundayafternoon Conductor John Duvall,who pulls the throttle on the Interurban's fast mail line in this citythe favorites with the Paris "fans," nad a merry crowd of young peopleSUMMER GOODS AT COST.All summer goods at cost atHARRY SIMON'SA photographer can make a strangewoman look pleasant and keep hermouth closed. But he can't make hist wife do it.I Tell a man that he is level headed' and he wll want to buy you a drink.Tell him that he is flat-headed and hewill want to knock your head off.has quit the game, and will conducta pool and billiard hall in Huntington, W. Va.No player who ever wore a baseball uniform was more popular inParis than "Goody," and no more conscientious player ever wore a Parisuniform. He has hundreds of warmfriends throughout this section whowish - him luck and prosperity in hisnew venture.yta Tut feSo Vet. tft.''jtfflTaooara. Tiiey were discussing everything from prunes to pickles, andof course, the tango and all the dances came in for a proper share of attention. In fact a majority of theyoung people were of the younger society set, who patronize the dance inall its forms. Some one mentionedthe popular crusade against theshow-it-all style of dresses affected bythe girls, when one demure maiden ina rear seat who had hitherto not figured largely in the wordfest, pipedup: "I realize that women are by nature and instinct bound to go in foradornment in the matter of dress, butthey are getting more and more extravagant recklessly extravagant, Imight add. I believe in temperanceJn dress." Now it happened that thatwas not a temperance crowd. Onebold, independent maid spoke up:"Temperance is all right. I believein temperance myself, but what withthe cobweb stockings, the keep-in-the-shadeskirts, and the open-fronthsirt waists, it looks more to me likethe women were going in for the totalabstinence."And the car rolled on, while a fewbachelors in the crowd craned theirnecks every time a sunny crossing(was passed.FT,.(Copyright, by McCluro Syndicate.)What has become of the old-fashionedboy who used to wipe his noseon his coat sleeve?i Till? f9!!!? H W CElfflV ? II W wH M Jl .H H Bh ffi B ii m MFHm H hH HiR Jn M 91 rarw-3 Vrm JtSi r I?s 33. mmB nav vmBHB Mau won f-niw i J -ci..aremw mAmazing Will Be the Money Saving Opportunities at Our ,CASH RAISING SALE!Lots of High Grade Men's, Women's and Children's Shoes at Such Extremely Low Prices that All will Regret who Do Not Attend It.1Ladies' White Canvas Shoes andBaby Doll Pumps, $3.00 values, at $1.49Ladies' Patent Colt or Dull KidBaby Doll Pumps, $3.50 values,at $1.99 and $1.49Ladies' Wh'te Canvas ColonialPumps, Best Makes, $3.00 values at $1.99 and $1.49Ladies' Colonial Pumps, FrenchHeel $3.00 Values. .$1.99 and $1.49Ladies' Colonial Pumps, miloShoes, $5.00 values.. $2.99 and $2.49Ladies' Kid Oxfords, $2.50 valuesat $1.49Lad'es' Suede Button Oxfords,$5.00 values, at $1.99Ladies' Suede 2-Strap Pumps,$3.00 values, at $1.49Ladles' Gun Meta'i Oxfords, $2.00values, at 99cMen's Walk-Over Oxfords, $4.50values at $2.99Men's Tan Rubber Sole Oxfords,$4.00 values, at $2.49Men's Tan and BlackRubber SoleOxfords, Goodyear Welts, $4.50values, at $2.99Men's Tan and GunLast, Shoes andthe Beacon Make,ues, atMetal EnglishOxfords, -of$4.50 vail, $3.49Men's Tan and B'Jack Oxfordsand Shoes, all Lasts, of the Famous Walk-Over Make, Bestvalues, at $4.00 and $3.50Men's Tan Vici Oxfords, BroadToe, Best for Comfort, $4.00values, at $2.99Men's Oxfords' and Shoes of thebest Makes, $3.00 values $1.99Boys' Gun Metal Shoes and Oxfords, $3.00 values ..$1.99 and $1.49Misses' and Children's High Grade Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps in allleathers and styles at the lowest prices. Barefoot Sandals and OutingShoes at Sale Prices. Don't miss this moneysaving opportunity.3D 3ST COHEN'SSsWhere Beauty and Economy ReignsJ.(Continued from Page 1)jority about 1,200 in the county.Incomplete returns on the Republican vote shows Ernst practically getting all of it.SEVENTH DISTMCT RETURNS.Revised returns for the SeventhDistrict follow:Cantrill ThomasBourbon x 833 1,278Franklin 2,206 726Scott 1,692 825Estill 316 825Woodford - 718 487Oldham 607 332Owen 1,530 440Clark 738 899Lee ..'. v 525 400Powell 271 189Henry 1,450 250Fayette 2,926 1,293Total 13,812 7,275PARI MAN A HERO.BETTER SABIES CONTEST.The Better Babies'Contest, whichwas conducted by the Child HygieneCommittee of the Health and WelfareLeague of Bourbon County, closedFriday afternoon with a delightfulprogram in the auditorium of the Paris City School.The contest was carried on according to the standard of the BetterBabies' Bureau of the Woman's HomeCompanion. There were fifty entriesin the contest, thirty-six of whomscored ninety points and more.The baby boy making the highestscore was John Gilkey, agedIf the Carnegie medal for heroism,isn't bestowed upon Harrv .Taagent of the Kentucky Traction andlerminai uompany, at their Fifth.Street station, in this city, it will notbe because he hasn't proved worthyof it.That Jeffers risked his life to savethe lives of many others in an effortto prevent a collision between a passenger mterurban car and? a freightcar, is the story told by passengersen route to Frankfort, Sunday.The motorman on the passengercar, seeing that a collision was boundto come, leaped from the car. Jeffersknowing that unless the car wasbrought to a stand and that veryquickly, many passengers might bekilled, rushed from his seat to theplatform deserted by the motorman.He succeeded in reversing the leverand was setting the brakes when thecars came together with a slight jar.Nn damage was done to either car.Jeffers presence of mind and hi3promptness in acting prevented theloss of lives or serious injury tomany. Jeffers beary his honors verylightly, and says he merely did whatseemed to him to be his duty, andhad no thought of being a hero.months, who scored 98 points. He isthe son of Dr. and Mrs. J. A. Gilkey,of this city. The girl baby who scored highest was Maiy Templin Faulkner, aged twelve months, who scored97, and is the daughter of Mr. andMrs. Edward Faulkner, of this city.Mrs. Faulkner was Miss Fairy Templin. Mrs. C. O. Hinton, vice president ofthe league, presided at the meeting,assisted by Mrs. W. H. Whitley.Rev. W. E. Ellis pronounced the invocation, and Miss Linda Neville, ofLexington, gave a talk on" Baby'sEyes and Others," in her, capacity ofExecutive Secretary of the KentuckySociety for the Prevention of Blindness: Mrs. R. L. Foster sang a groupof songs in a charminb manner, andMr. R. M. Allen, of the Kentucky Experiment Station, talked on "TheCare of Milk in the Home." His talkwas very practical and helpful. Mrs.Sutherland contributed two beautifullullabies with piano accompanimentby Mrs. Whitley and violin by MissLucille Price. Rev. George H. Harrispronounced the benediction.The medals were awarded by Mrs.Whitley, also diplomas to the babiesmaking the highest score in each ofthe three classes, and certificates toall babies who were examined.The following babies were examined and marked according to the official score card of the Woman'sHome Companion: Between six andtwelve months, Joe Mackey ThorntonMillersburg, 91 1-2; James ThorntonSwinford, 92 1-2; William Woods, 93;Lawrence W. Mitcliell, North Middletown, 96 1-2; James T. Craven, Jr.,96 1-2; John A. Gilkey, Jr., 98 Margaret Elizabeth Payne, 93 1-2; GladysLair Rion, 95; Marion Gilbert Connell, 95; Dorcas Ussery Chambers,96 1-2; Mary Templin Faulkner, 971-2. Between twelve and twenty-fourmonths: James Harris Clark, NorthMiddletown; 91, Ben Brooks Ardery,92; Frank Duvall Yates, 92 1-2;Claude Wornall Harding, 93; BillyGuinn, 93; Robert Talbott Gaitskill,93; John P. Collins, 93 1-2; GeorgeEdward Alexander, 6; Pauline Determan, 90; Mary Jgsephine Santen,91 1-2 ; Mary Elizabeth Hughes, 92 1-2 ;Julia Price Fisher, 96 1-2; Nora Frances Mott, 93. From twenty-four tothirty-six months: Richard Walsh,90; Carl Blount, 91; Ned WallaceBrent, 92; Ira Chenault Evans, 95 1-2;Thomas" Bratton, Jr., 96 1-2; VirgilGaitskill, Jr., 97; Lucy Hart Sprake,93; Margaret Walsh, 93 1-2.BOURBON COUNTY SUNDAYSCHOOL BASEBALL LEAGUE.The Hutchison team of the BourbonCounty Sunday School League defeated the Spears Mill team at WhitePark Saturday afternoon by the scoreof 18 to 16.The schedule of games to be playedby the League for the remainder ofthe season is as follows:Hutchison at Clintonville, Aug. 8.Hutchison at North Middletown,Aug. 15th.Spears Mill at Hutchison, Aug. 1st.Spears Mill at Clintonville, Aug.15th.North Middletown at Spears Mill,Aug. 8th. .!The North Middletown team haswon every game in the last half dfthe series.FELT HATS 98 CENTS.One lot of white soft Felt Hats, at98 cents, atHARRY SIMON'SMASSIE HOSPITAL NOTESTHAVIU'S BAND GIVESDELIGHTFUL CONCERT.Those who attended the concertgiven at the Paris Fair Grounds Sunday afternoon by the Thaviu Bandwere given a genuine musical treat.The band rendered a program ofclassic and popular selections thatwas greatly enjoyed and appreciatedby a large crowd. The band is ahigh-class musical organization. Thevocal selections by the Thaviu Popular Singers was one of the most enjoyable features of the excellent program and the responded to severalencores. The following program wasrendered:PART I1. March "King Karl;" 'Eilenberg. 2. Waltz "Souevinier de BadeBaden;" Bosquet.3. Overture "William Tell;" Rossini. 4. Coronet Solo "Inflammatus."form "Stabath Mater;" Rossini.5. Selection of English and ScotchMelodies; Godfrey.PART II6. "Old Kentucky Home;" Delby.7. Soprano Solo "Aria" from"Traviata;" Verdi.8. Popular Up-to-Date Songs; byThaviu's Popular Singers.9. Characteristic "By the Suwanee River;" Middleton.10. Trio from "Faust;" GoundoMiss Sebel, Sig. Geoccone and Sig.Modesti.I don't know much about St. Peter.But if he is the sort of man I thinkhe is, there will be more CheerfulLiars than Truthful Grouches passthrough the Parly Gates.! 1TR1TI01, !PEOPLE!Do You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Eight.Plumbing and, ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.SPfCER&GILGHRISTELKS' BUILDING.4o-- -IelegtricIMr. James Crump, who was operated on for appendicitis Friday night,is doing nicely.Miss Nell Cain, of Cane Ridge, whois convalescing from the effects of arecent surgical operation, has returned to her home.Mrs. James McCarthy and babehave returned to their home from thehospital.Mr. R. B. Sams, who was broughtto the hospital some time ago suffering with a broken thigh, has been discharged and has returned to hishome.Miss Minnie Boehm, the efficientsuperintendent of the institution, ha&gone Hast on her summer vacation.In her absence Miss Abbie Brown, ofMillersburg, is in charge, with MissPayne, of Cincinnati, as head nurse.Miss Minnie Robinson, of Bersa. ar-riYed Saturday to enter the HospitalTraining, School for Htaraes.IRONSPhone us to-dayto send an ElectricIron on trial and seewhat a difference itmakes on next ironing day.iPAnis gas aiI ELECTRIC CO.J Incorporated. . J... ....,V. c