BOUREiN p NEWSTUETPUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 17, 1914.CAUGHT IN BUGGYWHEEL YOUTH ISIT AGAINST L a CN."WE KNOW HOW"ISEIGHTABEINJUREDWHEN PASSENGER,RAILROAD CDADINJUREDREASSIGNEDTRAIN SHOTSFastJ Flyer in Ugly WreckMonday Morning Southof Richmond ?ENGINE CREWNARROWLY ESCAPESRobert Aldrich Brought toHospital With FracturedSkullFreight Cars Break LooseFrom Train Cause of theWreckACCIDENT MAYRESULT FATALLYWas Returntng Home FromSchool and Jumped OnRear of VehicleEight persons were injured, noneof them seriously, yesterday morning,about one o'clock, when Louisville &Nashville southbound passenger trainNo. 31 collided with a cut of cars of afreight train between Conway andWildee, a few miles south of Richmond. Engineer John Clark, of Covington,who was piloting the passenger train,escaped with a few slight bruises, andhis fireman, Clelland Bryan, son ofMr.- Frank Bryan, of this city, wasbadly bruised, but not seriously hurt.Express messengers Becker andEaston suffered from a number ofslight bruises, and four passengerswho were thrown from their seats bythe force of the impact were slightlybruised, but their injuries were ofsuch slight nature that they were nothindered from continuing their journey. The wreck was caused by sixteenfreight cars that had become disconnected from a freight train that wasstanding on a siding at a small telegraph station. The cars were heavilyloaded with ballast and being on adown grade ran a distance of abouttwo miles.The presence of the section of thefreight train on the main line wasunknown to1 the crews of either "thefreight or passenger train. The latter was running ata,!fair rate- pispeed and collided with the freight-cars on a sharp curve.The track was torn up for somedistance and the engine of the passenger train was thrown from the rails.One end of a baggage car was thrownon top of the engine tank and five ofthe freight cars were completely demolished. The two express messengers in thefront car were slightly bruised whenthey were thrown across the car. Engineer Clark and Fireman Bryanstuck to their posts and received only 1slight injuries. Clark was able toproceed to Corbin. where he came outon his run north last night.It was first thought that Bryan wasseriously hurt, and reports were circulated here to that effect. Preparations were being made to take him tothe hospital at Berea, but his condition was found to be not serious and. he was taken to his home in Covington. A wrecking crew from Corbin wTassent to the scene at once and it tookabout seven hours to clear the trackthat traffic could be resumed. Allnorthbound trains were delayed.The sleeping cars and diner of thethrough train which did not leave thetrack was taken to Ricnmona jesierday morning and detoured by way ofRowland and over the Lebanonbranch to Corbin.That there were no more injuredin the wreck and that those who escaped sustained only a few slightbruises is regarded as miraculous.The wreck occurred at a dangerousTVM'nt in the road, and in view of thelocation the speed of the locomotivemwasWith his skull fractured, his legsbroken, and possible internal injuries, Robert Aldrich Jr., aged about12, lies in a critical condition- at theMassie Memorial Hospital with onechance in a thousand ii favor of hisrecovery. "The boy was injured in an accident which occurred yesterday afternoon about four o'clock while hewas returning home from school.The boy, it is said, jumped on therear of a buggy for a ride andsome manner one of his legscaught between the spokes of thewheel.Before the vehicle could be broughtto a stop, the wheel had made adozen revolution carrying the littlevictim with it and inflicting probablefatal injuries.He was rushed to the office of Dr.Henry in North Middletown where ahasty examination revealed the extent of his injuries and he was placed in the automobile of Mr. LoganBryan, who in company with Drs.Henry and Cook, hurried to the Massie Hospital.An operation was performed lastnight at eight o'clock in the hopeof saving his life, but Dr. C. G.Daugherty, one of the attending surgeons, stated that the chances forhis recovery were very slightCase Called for Trial Yesterday But Postponement isGranted by CourtWITNESSES FORPLAINTIFF ABSENTGrand Jury Makes ReportReturning Twenty-fiveIndictmentsAldrich, of near North Middletown,residing on the Reynolds farm.The operation revealed a fractureof the skull and depression of thebrain, both legs were broken and hewas horribly bruised about the faceand body.0WUpon the convening of ' CircuitCourt yesterday morning the case ofW. E. Henry against the Louisville& Nashville railroad company wascalled for trial, having- been assigned from the fourth day of the session, owing to the illness of Hon. E.M. Dickson, legal counsel for the railroad company.When the case was called yesterday J fmorning laiDoit &. wnitiey, attorneys for the plaintiff, moved to havethe case reassigned to some date during the present term, as witnesses ofthe utmost importance to the plainiff could not be secured. JudgeStout entered an order postponing thecase and reassigned it to the 'fifteenth day.The suit is for $25,000 damages,alleged "by the plaintiff to have beensustained as the result of an accident which occurred near Berry Station, in Harrison county, when he wasengaged with a number of other employes of the road on a work train.A train load of ballast was being unloaded and Henry who was standingby one of the cars was struck by acable, which broke. He was knockeddown, his head striking one of thesteel rails, fracturng his skull, andcausing him other injuries.The grand jury made a report Saturday, in which a batch oftwenty-five indictments were returned, the majority of which wereagainst those confined in the countyiail and unable to give Jjond. The.Spring Styles. -x ' . In TherDunlap and StetsonJLJLclL5Now Ready for Your InspectionSoft Hats in all the new shapes and colors;Stiff Hats in the right shapes to 'become the man. ''A-The-boy- is "the son of jtfr1bert4rand'jury reported that it was m-tFALLS BENEATH"I ' l i, A f 't ,.4 ?"f?Manhattan and Wilson Bros9, vSpring ShirtsHere in an endless variety of patterns and,colors Come in and make your sclecr tions while the lines are tcomplete. ,.4 ; ',.A2IMitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckyENGINE; DIE1J. M. Hutton Succumbs to anOperation at Massie Memorial Hospitaltto ml-hc mVlrpd nn and nut aboard- - il.f.,(l -"'- . tr- Mr sr.had been reduced to insure u the tram and rushed to the W. W,Mr. J. M." Hunton, supervisor ofconstruction on this division of theILouisville & Nashville railroad, diedyesterday afternoon about: 30 o'clockfrom injuries received Sunday afternoon about 5:30 o'clock when he attempted to board a moving freighttrain at Bedford, a small station, threemiles south of Paris.Mr. Hunton attempted to get aboardthe engine and in some unaccountable manner lost his footing and fellbeneath the heavy locomotive, thewheels of which badly mangled hisleft arm.able to completa its labors and askecthe court to allow them further timeto conduct investigations.A matter which the grand jury hastaken up is the investigation of thelicenses required by a number of busnesses which are conducted in thecity, principally lunch counters andrestaurants. A number of those"who ,had not complied with the lawin taking out State license were notified and promptly secured licenses.The opinion of the grand jury, it issaid, was that restaurant keepers inmost instances, had violated the license law because they did not knowa license to conduct such businesswas required, and in justice to thosewho had no criminal intention, aword of warning would first be issued.The grand jury adjourned Saturday toreconvene again this morning, whenthe body will resume its deliberations.Fifteen Commonwealth case, indictments being brought this term ofcourt will be called for trial 'nextweek. The trial docket for the weekis as follows:Tuesday Margolen vs. the Kentucky Traction and- Terminal Company; B. T. Mattox vs. Frank Strumper. Wednesday Charles Watson vs.Standard Oil Co.Thursday Commonwealth vs. Forrest Lawrence.Friday Nannie Florence vs. JolinK. Northcott.Saturday Commonwealth vs. Robert Morris."iIIIlllUIUIIIIJdCEIUril'IXLdlllllllfllHlll llUnillllUElMI!lI!lllllinnillIIei4IT:SMItMUniIlltlIUIlIlIIIIIIIIIIlIlIIlIlIlII1iiH& i3s iIFRANK & CO. IIThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.vrh -n;'Invite Your Inspection; uOFAi-of the train when thecurred.BECKHAM OPENSHIS CAMPAIGNSpeaks to Large Crowd AtElizabethtown Yesterday- - - Afternoon-ELIZABETHTOWN, KY., March16 Ex-Gov. J. C. W. Beckham,formally opened hs campaign here-feo-day for the Democratic nommatio for United States Senator.This is county courtday m Blizafcethtown and a large crowd heardMr. Beckham, who was introducedTv Mr. Hairy Summers, editor" ofthe Elizabethtown News and an ardeat Beckham man.Wr. Beckham Jiad a Tn raceptionit "the Showers Hotel , before thecollision oo-i,- . Memorial Hosnital. where; Drs. Frank Fithian, C. -G. Daughertyand A. H. Keller amputated the injured member.Mr. Hunton never recovered fromthe shock, and lingered until yesterday afternoon at the hour named.Mr. Hunton has been in the employof the railroad for some time and washeld 'in the highest esteem by all whoknew him. He was very popular withthe officials of the road and was regarded as one of the most efficientemployes of the company, in his capacity. His home is in Atlanta, Ga.Mr. W. S. Hunton, a son, was reached "by long distance telephone yesterday afternoon and was notified of thedeath of his father. He is employedon the Lexington & Eastern railroadand will arrive in Paris this morning for burial.Mr. Hunton was a member of tneCovington lodge of Masons and alsoa-member of Oleika Temple, of Lexington. , . .PARIS NOW SUPPLIED WITHCURRENT FROM LEXINGTONPNEUMONIA ATTACKS MAYOEND IS SAID. TO BE NEARCincinnati, March 16. The condition of John C. C. Mayo is very serious," pneumonia having developed.His temperature is steadily risng, be-. iac Jom.001. ATrs Mavo and'their children are t? "his bedside, fear-1b J-he ,end. - ., V- -Local consumers are now receiving current from the power stationin Lexington. The lines were cutinto the local service on Saturday,and in the future the supply will, bereceived from that source. TheParis Gas & Electric Co. recentlyclosed a contract with the KentuckyUtilities Co., which owns and operates a number of plants in Kentuckyto furnish current for this city andthe construction of lines betweenParis and Lexington has since beenin progress. The equipment at thepower station in this city is nowidle and the consumers in this cityare now receving the current directfrom the Lexington power 'station.D:xNew Spring SuitsLadies', Misses' and Girls'.New Spring CoatsLadies', Misses' and Childrens'.41GOVERNOR SIGNS THE FROSTLOCAL OPTION MEASURENew Spring Silk DressesrxfTaffeta, Charmeuse and Crepe.New Spring Wool Dresses"Crepes, Serges and Ratines.v.Silks, Wash Goods and Woolen Fabrics- "of every description, with suitoble trimmings.Separate Skirts,Rain Coats,Crepe and Net Waists,Wash Waists.FRANKFORT, March 16. In addition to sending a special message tothe Legistyitjare Friday, urging thepassage of a -revenue and taxationmeasure to relieve the financial embarrassment of the State, GovernorMcCreary signed the Frost countyunit bill, which provides that an election on the liquor question can becalled when 25 per cent, of tlie votersof a county sign the petition.Under-the former law it requiredthe signatures of 25 per cent, of thevoters of every precinct to sign thepetition. v .FRANK oc CO..sitnimmirHiMi'irilSHMniliH'U Gmi RMM MlimUHlll 1 1 1 1! IH-VM$9&&n vtkv iJCoatinwe cm PagFafcr.),3c 4F-'-,jy',- n&f jpjema-.? i-1.A. -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH-1 7,. 1914m t:A Perfect WomanTo Warn, to Comfort and Command39Mature never intended woman to be delicate, ailing, or a sufferer from".nerves." Women in middle age complain of "hot flashes." Manywomen suffer needlessly from girlhood to womanhood, and from moth-erhood to middle life, with backache, or headache, dizziness, faintness, orjbearing-down sensations. For a permanent relief from these distressing-symptoms nothing is so good asDS. PIERCE'SFAVORITE PRESCRIPTION36 a soothing and strengthening ncraaae allays and subdues nervous excitability,iirrtability. nervous exhaustion, and other(distressing symptoms commonly attendantfapea functional and organic diseases of thefeminine organs. It induces refreshing sleepjtsd relieves mental anxiety and despondency.Dr. Piercc'a Pleasant Pelleisstomach, liver and botrelcr-m- '.JSJiw.wjLvrvatxTOTIHHfr.!TK'fJi'.' ?g '...A MODERN HOMETo Be Complete Should be Equipped With All ModernConveniences. Foremost Among. These is theCentralHome TelephoneUse it for Business or Pleasure It's Always Ready.Five Minutes Initial Period onLONG DISTANCE MESSAGESfte Paris Rome Celepftone and Cekgrapft go.(Incorporated)93SSBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Bourbon1 "1 ir jParis Kentucky.tGEO. W.H FUNERAL DIRECTOR ANDBOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.FURSAND HIDESHIGHEST MARKET PRICE PAIDFOR RAW FURS AND HIDESWool on Commission. Write forlist mentioning this ad.JOHN WHITE & CO. CSSSSSS.Established 1887Are You a Woman?m CarduiThe Woman's TonicMULE AT ALL DRU68STSF4G. A. RT Sell Us id Automobiles, Try Our NewMethod of Sale or ExchangeWrite to-day for Catelogue ofjnwG&neraf Automobile Repairs Co.,343S Reading Rd., Avondale, Cincinnati, Oho.Statisticians announce that the av-m wsft in the United States isgotac to be close to $61 this year.Nobly PlannedThe "Favorite Prescription"is known everywhere and for over 40 years asthe standard remedy for the diseases ofwomen. Your dealer in medicines sells it inliquid or tablet form; or you can send 50 onecent stamps for a trial box of Dr. Pierce'sFavorite Prescription tablets. Address Dr.Pierce, Invalids' Hotel, Buffalo, N. Y.regulate and invigorateSugar - coated, tiny granules.EnergynWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. Th,at is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes bnck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeLaundry,DAVISLICENSED EMBALMER.utwtbtck:FiVAISSGfo:'IM-,? --'ji-PnKlifiiiJiJTU1We tell vott bow. and tay best market-T- .-? TXTa 4-A AqUfC ca'HltpV,TM4WWA ir i m. - uwtd wuuiioiiCU.m 1356; and can do BETTER for you.than agents or commission merchants. References any bank in Louisville. "Write for weekly price list-M. SACCL & SONS227-23-3t & 23 E. V.zAt St, LOUISVILLE, KY.Dealers In FUK5, hiuts, woul.Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones Zelkdefence !,& 'ER. A. li KELLER,- Practicing Physician,368, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - - KentuckyJ. WIIiXilAMS,A rnrpYD'xi w a m t a tttXXX AVyjLki.lXMX-XLX-UJl.TV .00m 1 Elks Bwldinc-m5eSJ&3$iffip Jm$F& ifSwSCaiK-'MV APvK4P9iflK5pThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor -and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice' as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridaADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch, for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.SWOLLEN FORTUNES ANDTHE ABSENT EMPLOYERIn the trend of events today thereare traces of a revolution as radicalin its change in some respects as thatwrought in the bloody days of theCommune in France. The peoplethen seemec! to tire of prosperity, andthe very luxuriance of the age aroused some of the people when they sawothers enjoying what they did not enjoy. Then came the outburst of theCommune.This revolt against royalty suggeststhe present revolt against wealth andthe flagrant display of luxury following the introduction of the automobile. The wealthy are swept bythrowing dust in the eyes of the pedestrians, and it takes somethingmore than human nature can bear tosee sons and heirs of men who created great wealth riding about in automobiles, while the sons of the menwho helped create that wealth 'walkin humbler stations.This is the viewpoint of the manwho walks, but once in the automobile, all seems different. Swollenfortunes placed in the hands of youngmen unprepared for contact with thelife and activities that had createdthe same fortunes, cause them to actupon the impulse that usually comesthe heir of a fortune to reverse atonce the very policies and broad spirit that created the wealth handed tothem. Some seem to feel that themere possession of money entitlesthem to considerations that others donot possess. The old foxhound employer whose genius created a business enterprise and kept him inpersonal touch with his men, was welcome to his prosperity and knew little of strikes but the absentee employer and the absentee landlord arepopular targets for agitators who aimat quick results "Let's Talk It Over"in National Magazine for March.Alberta's estimated supply of coalavailable is 90 billion tons.POINTED PARAGRAPHSMany a good cigar has met itsmatch.A girl's' idea of an affinity is thefirst man to propose.Pay as you go but save enough topay for a return ticket.Many a dollar goes into the jackpot that ought to go into the souppot.When a girl thinks she has abroken heart it's a sign that she isjust bilious.Women form alliances with eachother for offensive and defensive .purposes. In union there may be strength, butwithout unions there would be no divorces. The average man accepts advicewith about as much grace as a trampaccept a bar of soap.A husband can cure his wife of that"tired feeling" by filling her pursewith bargain "ads" and greenbacks.A young widow is so clever at making love that she can make herself believe that the man in the case is doing it.According to late agricultural reports there are fifteen methods? of irrigation not including those used inthe prohibiton districts.It requires only an elaborate snowstorm to convert New York into a bigvillage.The weather department says therewill be no flood in the Ohie valley.For this relief much thanks.We wonder whj someone has notsuggested that those idle steam shovels on the isthmus of Panama beturned loose in the snow in New Yorkunder the command of CoL Goethals.The thieves who stole valuable silksfrom a wholesale house probably havesweethearts who tango.Notwithstanding many predictionspolicewomen have proved a failure inChicago. We thank Chicago for theexperiment. There is only one wayto convince some people.Wolves have left the Appenine hillsand have approached within a fewmiles of Rome. Probably they werelooking for Romulus and Remus.Germany's somewhat sudden annoyance at America and Americansseems to be suspiciously simultaneouswith Great Britain's official approvalof our position in the Mexican matter.But of course it may be only a coincidence. FIRST CLASS SERVICE ATFREEMAN'S BARBER SHOP.Having engaged the service of LouisLivers, an experienced barber, I amnowprepared'to handle iny trade andgive the most thorough satisfaction.Give me a call and be convinced.-" BUCK FREEMAN.RESULTS OF THE xINSURANCE SUSPENSIONThe people of Kentucky have solong regarded fire insurance as a matter of course that it is difficult forthem to understand what the absenceof it will mean to the State and issbusiness. Fire insurance is closelyinterwoven with the business fabric,being the basis of commercial credit,and suspension of the insurance companies because of the enactment ofthe Glenn-Greene law will have serioons and far-reaching effects. Therewas a similar suspension in Missoudilast year because of the enactment ofthe enactment of obnoxious laws theymaining out until the objectionablefeatures were nullified by the actionof the State officials, on the insistence of the business interests. Theprincipal effects of the suspensionthere are summarized as follows:Restriction of commercial creditsby wholesalers, jobbers and manufacturers. Holding up of building loans, mortgages, and other investments dependent upon the protection of fire insurance for their security.Inability to secure loans from thebanks on bills of lading and ware;house receipts because they could notbe accompanied by the usual fire insurance certificates.-Removal from the State and diversion of shipments of grain, cotton,whiskey, tobacco and warehousegoods requiring insurance protection.'Cessation of building activities,throwing thousands of workmen outof employment, with similar effectsupon workmen in building materialand allied lines.Fire insurance agents deprived oftheir commissions and livelihood.Heavy losses suffered by propertyowners whose buildings and goodswere destroyed by fire without insurance protection.State given a bad name throughoutthe country as hostile to business interests. Because of this and other resultsof the. insurance shortage, the business interests of the State finallyforced action by the State authorities,which resulted in a compromise underwhich the insurance companies wereenabled to resume business withsafety.VERY LOW RATESTO THE WESTThe Missouri Pacific is preparing tohandle a heavy colonist movementto the West and the Northwest thisspring. An unusually low rate is being made; tickets sold March 15th toApril 15th inclusive. Write todayfor leaflet containing full informationregarding rates, routes and throughtourist sleeping cars and through freechair car service. Address J. A. Steltenkamp, G. A. P. D., Hotel Gibson,Cincinnati, O.EVERYBODY DIDOne predicts a future for theschool boy who wrote the followingterse narrative about Elijah:"There was a man named Elijah.He had some bears and lived in acave. Some boys tormented him. Hesaid: 'If you keep on throwing stones ;at me, I'll turn the bears on you andthey'll eat you up.' And they didand he did and the bears did."USE "TIZ" FOR SORE,TIRED, SWEATY FEET."TIZ" makes sore, burning, tiredfeet fairly dance wich delight. Awaygo the aches and pains, the corns,callouses, blisters and bunions."TIZ" drawsout the acids !and poisons thatpuff up your feet.No matter howhard you work,how long youdance, how faryou walk, or howlong you remainon your feet,"TIZ"'brings restful foot comfort."TIZ" is wonderful for tired, achine.swollen, smarting feet. Your feet justtinge for joy; shoes never hurt orseem tight.Get a 25 cent box of "TIZ" nowfrom any drufffrist or deDartment; store .End foot torture forever wearsmaller shoes, keep your feet fresh,sweet and happy. Just think! awhole year's foot comfort for only 25cents.(No. 2ri)WORK ON NATIONAL PIKEWill Be Started May 1 By State andFederal Officials.Columbus, Ohio, March 16. WithState and Federal authorities co-operating,actual work of rehabilitatingold National pike from -Columbus toto Wheeling, W. Va.f will start May 1.The first thing to be done will be theletting of a contract for 24 miles ofconcrete roadway, the longest stretchever let in Ohio at one time. On request of Federal authorities at Washington, the original plan of reconstructing the old road with brick wasabandoned.The change was occasioned becauseof the expense of brick paving. TheFederal Government would not giveassistance unless the work could bedone for $16,000 a mfle or less.That portion of the old Nationalpike which will be constructed thisyear runs from Zanesville, in Muskingum County, west to near Herbon,in Lincoln County, a distance of 24miles.The total cost of construction asplanned will be about $440,000. Ofthis, amount the Federal, Governmentwill pay ?120,000, Muskingum County$100,000, and Lincoln County $140,000.The remainder, $80,000, will be paidby the State.Final plans for. constructing theroad were completed in Washingtonrecently by State Highway Commissioner Marker, the Director of theFederal office of Public Roads and theFourth Assistant Postmaster General.i uVi, digestive organs,fifty would fully realizement in Scott's Emulsion they would take it after every meal.Scott's Emulsion contains the renowned body-building fats ofpure cod liver oil, so medically predigested that it distributes energy,power and strength all thru the body and simplifies the stomach's work.To people in declining years we say with unmistakable earnestnessScott's Emulsion will add years to your life and life to your years.AVOID ALCOHOLIC SUBSTITUTESrNew Year'sThoughtful consumers of FUEL will resolve to obtain the highesteff iciency for theirmoney during the year to come. This meansthat they will useJox Siicige Coaly"THE FUELWITHOUT A FAULT."Dodson t5 Denton, The Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Both Phones 140i(sssapb(&xSBtgseS3fe'4k4 BUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop., .Three Expert Artists; NoWaits.Hot and CoIdBaths.Main t. Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.lew Barber lopWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment.Polite SerVice.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDI! INSURANCE :AGAINSTf IRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGI W. 0. HINTON, !AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,r, .;."" n' : 'me.jNki;i3One -application soothes and heals a roughoininlv-.kin.and.whenrepeated.quickIyeflfectsa cure. Eczema, Erysipelas, Tetter, Ulcers andall skin diseases yield to its curative properties.Sue a box. At all Druggists.Send foi frea sample and book. "Health and Beauty."JOHNSTON, HOLLOWAY & CO.,173tSpring Garden St PhlJa., Pa."Smoothes and Sothes"Soys GRATfNY METCALFB.Child pr erown-up there Is jst oneway or : handUnst colds, croups, couchJ?'1.?11050 hackinJE throat troublesthat's to Sooths and Smooths witkBr. Bell'sPINE-TAR-HONEYlt a cold so and it soos. It eoesall over eVP?-irVnvWln 4S .nll ?.it. Soothe and Smooths and it doesa'tBauier.Every eenulne bottle of DR. BELL'SjTint, i.An.'xnjacx aas a neu. on it,and a picture ot "GraaEiXt" too.At All Dro SUnm, 25c 0 fLOOaMTUl7TWBeU"mIMi the IrueFor Sale by All Druggists.Aged Peoplesometimes forget that poor teeth andimproper mastication prevent sufficient nourishment from ordinary food and burden thebut if every man or woman pastthe bountiful, snstainiHg nourish13-83Resolutions fOUR BEST OFFER!The Biggest Combination Bargain ofStandard Publications EverOfferedHERB IS THE OFFER:The Bourbon News,l year, $2.00.The 1,Veekly Enquirer, 1 year, $1.00Farm and Fireside, semi-monthly, 1year, .50 cents.Household Journal and Floral Life,monthly, 1 year,. .50 cents.Poultry Husbandry, monthly, 1year, .50 cents.To-Day's Magazine, monthly, 1year, .50 cents.Our Special Bargain Price forall Six, Each One Year, $2.75.We consider this the biggest andbest bargain we have ever been ableto offer our readers. Our own publication heads the list. The other fivehave millions of readers and are toowell-known to need a further introduction. Please remember, that our contractwith the publishers is limited andthis offer may be withdrawn at .anytime. Take abvantage now while theopportunity is yours and you will notregret the investment. If you arealready a subscriber to any of theabove your subscription will be extended one year from the time it expires. Call or mail orders toTHE BOURBON NEWS,Paris, Ky.'OnlcMr relfe-raii RhflnmatiBin. SoreXns-f uicj iicuiaijji.) .'ankju. aw.ww- .II -nal-nn. Yntir nmnpv hark if it f ails tomIam ?A..1i. nn.1A.tiA TltiaHapfifk cnilhev any ache in any part of the butt. lafllteem minutes time.Jfriee 50c. At 4LU Jruggsts.Free cuspM tad clresur tml oa reqaw.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY.k 342 East Main St., LextagtM. Ky. ,Mrs. J. H. Mrman'sMassage andCucumber CreamOn Sale atVarden's Drug StoreCANCER CUREDt1 I guarantee every case I urn- Jdertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.f BOURBON POULTRY CUtfdown a chick's throat caresgapes, A few drops In thedrinking water cores andprevents coolers, diarrnoeaand other chick diseases. One80c bottle makes li ralloas ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample ami booklet omDteeases of TowW seat 7KX-g&irVl)fiOPFor Sale by W. T. Brrsvs?i:"w;ssfflP.r.'.'ni.,-:inii:iii:r"'irn.:;J'a. ".Kt' :SsAl&iSS&'&Ktt.33?8z "."';:'- . - -j:ot:f?3g-SUHMTCNHECONOMY-that'51 lookingrof high Jiving cost Calumet insures a -wonderfulsavmg in your baking. Brt it does more.Itinsureswholesomefood-tasty food-u..iionaly raised food.Calumet is made right to sell right to balce right. Askone of the.TEillions of women who use it or ask your grocer.RECEIVED IHIGHEST AWARDS"World's Pure Food Exposition, CSIcteo, TH.Paris Exposition, France, Marci 1912.aYe iutt .rave saraey wfcea yoa toy c&eap or lijt't sere eseHdca! acre wkeksoae gires feet0T0B1 CCOALL GRADESAt Lowest PricesSeventh and MainTwinv40KHHHIt's Daddy Talking"TTUSH, children; it's daddy talking."JLX "Yes, Jim; we are all well and thechildren have "been real goocL Howhave you been? Coming home tonight?That's 'fine! It will be good to see you."The business man wnp is obliged to beaway from home brings joy to the familycircle by cheery words over the long distance Bell Telephone which keeps himalways in touch with home conditions.When Yon Telephone SmileCumberlandTelephand Telegraph CompanyINCORPORATED.122 SOUTH PRYOR STREET, ATLANTA, GEORGIA.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor ParisLeave Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3;,45 p m4:30 p m- 5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m10:05 p m6.00 a m7:29 am8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a"m' 11:50 am "1:20 p m2:50 q.m3:30 p"m4:20 p m500 p m6:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p mDaily except Sunday.CostsLessBetterCALUMETone thin you arefor in these darsMKto..i- caa uAseg powder. Dca't be misled. Bny CalcnseLresalfc. Calanet is fir mperior to oor rwlk and scdiscda.TTONftiII9Sts., Paris, Ky.oneTREESStrawberry PlantsFruit and Shade Trees,Shrubs, Asparagus, GrapeVines, Rhubarb, Peonies,Phlox, Seed Potatoes, etc.Everything for Orchard,Lawn and Garden.Free Catalog v No AgentsJH. F. Hillenmeyer S Sons,Lexinjfcon9 KyNurserymen Since 1841f20feb2mo) - ,HOW CHILDREN MAY vLEARN TO BEHAVE.In the April Roman's Home Companion Mary Heaton Vorse goes onwith her series of articles entitled"The New Freedom For Little Children," in which she is describing theMontessori methods of education.The question most frequently askedby mothers interested in the Montessoir plan is: "What about discipline?"This question is met in the Montessoir plan by the suggestion that therebe established and respected in eachhome what is called a "public opinion"frf the home the establishment inthe home of certain principles andstandards which' all the individuals hithe household, children and adults,will recognize and live up to. Following is an extract for the article:"The question that all people interested in the Montessori movementhave put to them perhaps more thanany other runs something like this:'Well, if we leave a child free, howis discipline to be maintaned? Howis a child to learn not to be a nuisance to himself and everybody else?How shall we make children mind?One is even asked questions as unintelligent as: 'Does Doctor Montessoir mean by freedom that if a childwants to sit up all night should onelet it?"Why we should so muddle freedom with license it is hard to understand. For you and me freedom ofaction does not mean that when wego forth on the street Ave may konckoff Mrs. Smith's hat because we donot happen to like its color or approve of its shape, nor does it meanthis kind of liberty for a child."Doctor Montessori's own definitionof 'freedom' is 'conditions favorableto life,' and therefore to development."To understand to the fullest degree what she means by 'conditionsfavorable to life' means the study ofher entire work. Certainly the conditions in her schools must be favorable to life, if one may judge by theharmonious atmosphere that prevailsthere. One visit to a Montessorischool will show that the behavior ofthe children in these schools surpasses our most exacting ideal of behavior of small children. Besides goodmanners, the children show a cheerfuland willing obligingness in the face ofthe suggestions of the directress. Isajr 'obligingness' advisedly, ratherthan 'obedience,' because the attitudeof the children is that of acceptingsuggestions, much as civilized grownpeople accept suggestons from thosewhom they love."The longest item of news ever telegraphed to a-newspaper was the entire New Testament as revised, whichwas sent from New York to a Chicagonewspaper for May 22, 1882. Thatissue of the paper comprised twentypages, sixteen of which were takenup by the New Testament.MUST BE IN A HURRY.(Washington Star.)It is evident that Governor Colquittis not disposed to wait for the arrivalof he moton picture man before proceeding to business.COUNTY COURT DAYS.Eelow is a list of the days CountyCourts are held each month in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawreceourg, 3d Monday.Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, l&t Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Breathitt, Jackson, 4th Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th "MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Henry, Newcastle, 1st Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, nd Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.'Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday.Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d "Monday. Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday.Oldham, Lagrange, 4th MondayOwen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Pejidleton, Falmocn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.PulasTd, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, "Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wayne, Montecello, 4th Monday. ,Woodford, Versailles, 4th Monday.YO0 CANT EATAPPETITE POORMultitudes of people lose theirappetite. Simply don't care for anything to eat. The dinner bell has .noj interest to them. They loathe theiri brealcfasL They may nibble a littleof this and -a. little of that, but theydo not care for it.Lunch has lost all of its charms,dthough they try to eat something.Dinner about the same.There is something positivelywrong, of course, but no disease thatcan be named. Just out of sorts.That is all."It is in this lchid of a condition,that Peruna acts very beneficially.After using Peruna, interest in foodis revived. Beginning with a teaspoonful of Peruna before each mealwill generally quickly improve theappetite and help the digestion.Thousands of people can testify tothis. Liberated from a slavery that isalmost unbearable. The slavery ofhaving no interest in life. All usedup. Yet one does not know exactlywhy. Take Peruna before each meal.Skies will get blue again. Fields willlook green once more and life willbe pleasant. You will feel that youare good for something and the worldis a good place to live in. Perunawill do it. Not as an artificial stimulant. Simply a tonic that stimulatesappetite in a natural way.Those who object to liquid medicines can new obtain Peruna 'Tablets.Uneeda. BiscuitNourishment fine flavor purity crispnesswholesomeness. Allfor 5 cents, in themoisture-proof package.Round, thin, tenderwith a delightful flavorappropriate forluncheon, tea and dinner,zo cents.Qkahai&i CrackersA food for every day.Crisp, tasty andstrengthening. Freshbaked and fresh delivered, io cents.Bay biscuit baked byNATIONALBISCUITCOMPANYAlways look for that nameJ:KENTUCKY COMPETITION ATCORN SHOW IS SPIRITED.State awards for exhibits at theSixth National Corn Exposition wereannounced at Dallas, Texas, on February 23.Kentucky's competition was spirited in all classes. In the yellow dentcorn, single ear class, Stevens Bros.,of Burlington, received first honors.In the white dent, single car competition, I. V. Hooper, of Morganfieldwas first; any other dent, single variety, E. D. Wilson, of Scott. Hooper,of Morganbeld, also won single earState championship. Stevens Bros., ofBurlington, showed the best ten-eardisplay of yellow dent corn and J. T.Sanderson & Sons, of Shelbyville, thebest ten ears of white dent.H. B. Eilson, of Seott, won firstprize on best ten ears of any otherdent. Henderson and Sons, of Shelbyville, were also awarded the Statechampionship on ten ears. G. D.Karsner and Sons of Lexington, werefirst in white oats as well as first inany other varitey. W. B. Karsner, ofLexington, 3ed in winter wheat. Geo.D. Karsner and Sons, of Lexington,also carried off first prizes on sheafwheat of any variety, barley and sorghum. J. T. Henderson and Sons, ofShelbyville, showed the best broomcorn.Awards for Kentucky were as follows: Yellow Bent Single Ear: First,Stevens Bros., Burlington; 2nd, H. M.Houston, Bardwell; 3rd, W. D. Drake,Lexington.White Dent Single Ear: First, L.V. Hooper, Morganfield, 2d. JohnField, Versailles; 3d, J. W. Duncan,Nicholasville.Any Other Dent Sigle Ear:E. B. Wilson,. Scott; 2d, H. CGeorgetown; 3d, J. HarveyGeorgetown.Championship Single Ear:Hooper, Morganbeld.Yellow Dent Ten Ears:First,Allen,Allen,I. V.First,Stevens Bros., Burlington; 2d, J. Harvey Allen, Georgetown; 3d W. M.Ilutson, Bardwell.White Dent Ten Ears: First, J. T.Henderson and Sons, Shelbyville; 2d;J. W. Duncan, Nicholasville; 3d, I. V.Hooper, Morganville; 4th, John Feild,Versailles; 5th, Stevens Bros., Burlington. Any Other Dent Ten Ears: First,E. B. Wilson, Scott; 3d, J. HarveyAllen, Georgetown; 3d, H. C. Allen,Georgetown.Championship Ten Ears: J.Henderson and Sons, Shelbyville.T.OH, BUGS!(Baltimore Sun.)Between Colquitt and Huerta theState Department has something toscratch its head over.It makes a fellow feel good whenwe're told: "It's dangerous to getrich too quickly." Think of the dangers newspaper men will escape.Beroa&f BiscuitNEW REVOLUTIONCataiwba Valley, N. C. Hada Peaceful But Power- .ful AwakeningSTARTED WITH $1,500 NOTEBuckwheat Valley, Wisconsin, Bo. comes Prosperous Through Co-operationWhat the Conference To BeHeld in Louisville Really Is For.A program built with experts fromthe various departments of the Stateand National Government, is naturallyquite an easy matter. To go out overthe country and find people who arereally doing things in their own communities, is quite another proposition.This has been the task which the menwho are handling the Conference forFarmers and Business Men have setfor themselves this year.Walter J. Shuford, North Carolina.One of the most interesting men oithis type in the whole United States isWalter J. Shuford, of Hickory, N. C.He is one of those men who evidentlydreams wonderful dreams, then rollsup his sleeves and works hard to makethose same dreams come true. Waydown in North Carolina Mr. Shufordsaw how his friends and neighborswere limping through life on a wornout soil that would not seemingly supply their wants. At last he found theman he needed in Field Agent Conover, and they began work to interesta group of men in a dairy proposition.From a start that was made with a$1,500 joint promissory note withwhich to finance the creamery, it has !grown year after year until last October, the total sales amounted to over?10,000. And it seems from the wayin which things are growing that theirco-operative organization will soon behandling a business that will totalabout $500,000 a year.One might write volumes aboutwhat has happened down in CatawbaValley in that Tarheel country, but itis enough to say that this man has6hanged the attitude and viewpoint oia county through his own enthusiasm.He will be in Louisville during theConference, April 7-8-9-10, to tell hisown story and to demonstrate themethods that he used to organize anddevelop this tremendous business.FAT OF THE LANDSeven, years ago Buck Wheat Valleyin Wisconsin was almost bankrupt.Two-thirds of her property was heldin mortgages and the young peoplewere drifting toward the city. Wheat,which in the early days had yielded 50bushels to the acre, had dwindled to j15, and it was because of this that thepeople had to substitute buck wheat,hence the name of the Valley.Seven years ago Mr. William Headand Mr. Grover began organizing thepeople about the LaValle for developing the creamery work and standardizing the potato crop. To-day there ishardly a mortgage in this neighborhood, the homes are painted, newbarns are being built, silos stand aasentinels all over the country. Mr.Head and Mr. Grover will be in Louisville April 7-8-9-10, to tell how theylifted Buck Wheat Valley out of bankruptcy into plenty.A GETTING TOGETHERThe seventeenth annual Conferenceof Farmers and Business Men whichis to meet in Louisville, April 7-8-9-10,is a rather unique organization. Ithas absolutely no constitution or bylaws, no dues or conditions of membership. It is a loosely put togetherorganization, which can easily shiftits viewpoint or change its policy withthe growth and temper of the peoplemaking up the membership for thatparticular year. It began its existence under, the Southern EducationalBoard, whfch pays all the bills, and itsPresident for sixteen years was thatremarkable merchant of New YorkCity, Mr. R. C. Ogden. He was one oithose unusual men who can see notonly the future In his own business,but also the future in other lines oiactivity. It has been the policy of thismovement not to dictate what anymeeting should do, but merely to helpthe groups that "st 'together" to findthemsehes and solve their own problems. '.m. miK kVX '' ,, , A , , .Throat TrodbfcfcMr. Barneused to besheriff ofWarrenCounty,Ten nessee.From exposure tothe elementslie acquiredthroattrouble.He s -up-posed thathis health '.was entirelyruined, inspite of allthe treatment hecould procure. Afterusing fourbottles ofPeruna h eclaims that MR. B. W. D. BARNEShe was en- McAGnnvilk, Tm ,t i r e 1 yrestored to health.Catarrh of the throat is not only aannoying disease of itself, but It exposes the victim to many other dlaeases. We are constantly breatkutinto our throats numerous atmospheric germs. Disease germs of altsorts. This cannot "be avoided. IfTthe throat is healthy the system iasprotected from these poiseHouiPgerms. sut if tne throat is ra-sr anotpunctured with numerous little oncers, by catarrh, then the disease-germs have easy access to the system-Keep the throat well and cleanThis is the way to protect yourselCagainst contagious diseases. Garglesthe throat as explained in the netr"Ills of Life," sent free by the PerunCo., Columbus, Ohio.Mr. Barnes says: "I had throattrouble and had three doctors treating me. All failed to do me anygood, and pronounced my health goneI concluded to try Peruna, and afterusing four bottles can say I was entirely cured."It is not drawing the color line- tcobject to a green crew on the blueocean.THE FORTY YEAR TESTAn article must have exceptional"merit to survive for a period of fortyyears. Chamberlains Cough Remedy5was first offered to the public in-1872-From a small beginning it has grown;in favor and popularity until it has attained a world wide reputation; You:will find nothing better for a cough orcold. Try it and you will understand?why it is a favorite after a period of"more than forty years. It not onlr "gives relief it cures- For sal& by al"tdealers.(March) (adv)Tpwfc.,We SelUASIMafces.Underwood No. 5, $50.00.Underwood No. 4, $45.00.Oliver No. 5, S60.00. vOliver No. 3, $40.00. xOliver No. 2, $30.00.L. C. Smith Bros. No. 5, $60.00.L. C. Smith Bros. No. 2, $50.00..L. C. Smith Bros. No. 1, $40.00uRemington No. 10, $40.00. -SmithPremier No. 10, $40.00Remington No. 6, $20.00.Smith Premier No. 2, $20.00:Blick, $20.00, all models'.Blue Grass Ribbons, 75c each, far-iall machines.. !Carbon Paper $1.50 per 100- sheetst.Typewriter, Oil 25c.We handle more Typewrites in- orweek than some of these peddlers sellin a year. .Candioto machines- are fully guaraEasy terms to suit you44We have all models in stocki.4We have new machines, tooJ-jPhone or write us. . i. -.4The Josephs -Candioto 60.151, 153and155JN. Broadway, r ,Lexington, Kentucky,JLW - "S&X-mt.AW ' &&..''?--&vi -si( -THE BOURBON NEWS.PARIS, KY., MARCH 17, 1914hmesINGELI1TLE ROCK.Blaze Caused From Explo-siori Does $5,000 Damageto PropertyTke little village of "Little Rock,eleven miles east of this city, was al& completey wiped out by fire Sunday evening about 5:30 o'clock. Theblaze started in the boarding house of.Mrs. Margaret Evans and was the resalt of an explosion of a coal oilstove.The flames spread rapidly and in a-sfcort time was beyond the control ofthe large number who had organizeda Jacket brigade and every effort was3de to hold the flames in check.Soon the blaze had been communicated to the building in wliich waslocated the office of the BourbonCounty Home Telephone Exchange,which was destroyed, together with3U contents.The Methodist Church, in the pathof the lire was rapidly consumed andtie general store of W. O. Evans was& prey to the flames. The stable ofMr. Evans together with a vacantkouse, were also burned to theground.Every man in the village wasIjrought into service to assist in combatting the flames, and only by extreme efforts were they confined tothe buildings which were destroyed.1 Tie fire raged until seven o'clock before it was under control.The loss is said to be in the neighborhood of $5,000, partly covered byinsurance.THEATRICALOpening of The New ColumbiaThe opening of the new ColumbiaTheatre Saturday afternoon was acomplete success in every way. Notonly is the interior pretty and attractive but the decorations and fixturesare in harmony with everything else.The hundreds of patrons who visitedthis popular place of amusement wereprofuse in their praise of the manyimprovements which the owners havemade. Three splendid reels of pictures were shown on the openingday. The wide, safe aisles and theside exits enabled the crowds to passout of the building without the leasttrouble. The patent screen and thenew improved picture machinebrought the pictures out in the clearest and most distinct way. The elevaion in the floor and the ventilationte perfect. It was no trouble to seethe pictures regardless of the enormous crows played to at this theatreSaturday. The success of this theatre seems assured, 4S it deserves tobe patronized by tlie people of thiscity, as the owners assure the editorof the News that nothing but the verybes class of pictures will be shown atThe New Columbia. Go see it.(adv)The Columbia Today.Three good reels of pictures will beshown at the Columbia Theatre today, "A Girl Worth While," (Thanhouser drama), "Martha's Decision"(American) drama) and a Keystonecomedy, entitled "How Motion Pictures Are Made." (adv) .- THE .MARKETS. f?Chicago Grain.CHICAGO. March 16. Wheat opened unchanged to l-8c lower, and thiswas followed by an all-round advance.Corn after opening unchanged to l-4cup scored further gain. There "was anadvance of selling pressure in orj.Accordingly prices climbed withwheat and corn.Wheat closed nervous, at a range ofa shade off, to3-8 to l-2c up compared with Saturady night. May closedat 93 14c and July at 88 34c. Gornclosed steady at !14c net lower, tothe shade advance. May closed at 675-8 and July 67 l-4c. Oats closedsteady, at 39 l-2c for both May andJuly. vI, ALEXANDERIS EXONERATEDParis Man Had No Connection With Crane Delinquency-CasetCincinnati Grain.CINCINNATI, March 16. -Wheatsteady, 9899c; corn, easy, 6768;oats steady, 42 1243, rye steady, 6g66, provisions steady; butter steadyeggs easy, prime firsts, 19; firsts 1718;, seconds, 16; poultry i steady;springers 1824; hens, 15; turkeys,2122.Tire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.YOU CAN CLIP HORSESYou can clip horses, mules andcows , with the Stewart Ball-BearingClipping Machine. Cuts quick, stayssharp, lasts long. Horses, mules andcattle can be clipped without changiag. Recommended by veterinariansand prominent dairymen. The pricecomplete is only $7.50. We are theagents for Paris and will take pleasure in showing them.13-4t) LAVIN & CONNELL.The Alamo Today.At the Alamo today there will bepresented the Famous Players in"Leah Kleschna," a strong story ofa woman's regeneration.Judge B. R. Lindsay, the famousjustice and criminologist, declaresthat human nature is the same inevery breast, and that if the right appeal is made to people who go astray,there is always a chance to lead them"into the light." This humane theoryis advocated in the famous play,woman's redemption. "Leah Klesch-na" ascends far above the plane ofthe drama that merely thrills and interests. Its directness, simplicityand power are irresistible. Its moralis powerful, and touches a responsiveand sympathetic chord in the ehartof all humanity. (adv)H. M. HamiltonVeterinarianOffice, Sutler's Drug Store PhonesResidence, E. T. 546; Home, 449.Paris, Ky.(10feb-2mo)SEED POTATOES.We have them.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.NEW SILKS JUST ARRIVEDNew Spring Silks at Simon's.BULK SEEDS.A full line of D. M. Ferry gardenjseed in bulk. All these seeds arej fresh and are absolutely the best onI the market.(17-tf) JOHN SAUERTobacco LandWe want a reliable tenant to cultivate on the shares about 15acres of tobacco in a tract of land adjoining the city limits ofParis, Ky. ySaid tract is part of the Wm. Hollar farm on the Ford Millpike, and is as rich as an asparagus bed, having been a bluegrassad feeding lot for fifteen years.For terms, address the undersigned, or M. F. .Kenney, Paris,Kentucky. ' ,PHOENIX MOTOR CAR CO.(Incorporared)2S0 East Main StreetLexington 9 Ky.I 7p'f,Sp&im:&WE BEG TO ANNOUNCE(hat on Tuesday, March 3d, weplace on sale Spring Styles inNETTLETON SHOES(he footwear of distinction for menGeo. McWilliamsThe Shoe Man ,A 1 .. ........Win'''Chicago Live Stock.CHICAGO, March 16. Hogs:' Receipts 54,000; market slow; bulk ofsales ?8.758.80, light $8.608.85,mixed $8.558.55 1-2, rough ?8.408.50 pigs, $7.20 8.60. Cattle: Receipts 17,000; market steady; beeves$7.209.70, Texas steers, ?7.208.20,stockers and feeders $5.508.15,cows and heifers $3.758.55, calves$710. Sheep: Receipts 25,000; market firm; native $4.80 6.70, yearlings$5.807; lambs native, $6.807.80.Cincinnati Live Stock.CINCINNATI, March 16. Hogs: Receipts 3,700; market 10 to 15c higher;packers and butchers $8.809, common to choice $5.75840, pigs andlights $58.75, stags $4.757.40. Cattle: Receipts 2,000; market 'slow;steers $5.50$8.25, heifers $57.90,cows $3.25 6.60, calves slow and weak$59.50. Sheep: Receipts 200; market steady, $35.50; lambs steady,$5.758.10.LADIES, LISTEN!Don't buy or even decide on whatyou think you want in the way of ahat until you have attended ourSpring showing on Thursday, March19. We will have some decidedlynew things- for you to look at. Don'tforget, we want you to see these hats.(10-31) MRS. CORNB W. BAIRD.CELEBRATED GAGE BROS' HATSThe latest styles of tile celebratedGage Bros' hats now on display atSimon's. vDEATHSSAGESER.A message received in this citySaturday announced the death of Mrs.L. N. Sageser, which occurred at herhome in Louisville on that date. Herbrother, Mr. Hugh Campbell, of thiscity, left for Louisville Saturday afternoon. Mrs. Sageser was a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. J. H. Campbell, of Millersburg. She had been ill for some timeand recently underwent an operationat a Louisville hospital. She wasaged about forty ye.rs, and is survived by two children. The remainswere interred in the Cave Hill cemetery at Louisville yesterday.FLORENCE.Miss Gladys Florence, aged 13years, died Saturday of pneumonia, atthe home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.W. O. Florence, at Wyandotte, Clarkcounty. Mr. and Mrs. Florence liy,edin Bourbon county in the Thatcher'sMill neighborhood until a few monthsago, when they moved to Clark county. They have the sympathy of manyfriends in their bereavementsThe burial was in charge of Mr.George W. Davis, the local undertaker, and the trip from the' Florence home to Mt. Pleasant, in Nicholas county, where the remains were.interred in. the cemetery at thatplace, jas made in automobiles.Four machines, furnished by theBourbon Garage, of this city, wereused, the casket bearing the littleboy being placed in the large machine.ADAIR.Mrs. Sallie Adair, formerly of thiscounty, died at a hospital in St Louis,Mo., Friday night. Relatives in thiscounty Saturday received the noticeof her death.Mrs. Adair was the wife of Dr. Jno.Adair, and their home was in Texas,but about a week ago Mrs. Adair wastaken to a St. Louis hospital for treatment, but the most skilled treatmentfailed to save her life. Mr. and Mrs.Will Woodford, of Bourbon, went toTexas last week and accompaniedMrs. Adair to St.' Louis.Mrs. Adair was a daughter of Dr.Woodford, who lived near SpearsMills, near Paris, and she was acousin of Hon. Hal Woodford, theirfathers having been brothers.Mrs. Adair is survived by her husband and an adopted daughter, MissRuth Adair, who spent last winterhere with Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Woodford. The remains arrived in this citySunday night and were taken to theundertaking establishment of Mr.George W. Davis where it remaineduntil yesterday morning, when it wasremoved to the home of Mr. and Mrs.Wyatt Thompson, on High Street.The funeral services will be heldthis afternoon at 2 o'clock from theChristian Church, and will be conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis. Burialin the family lot in the Paris Cemetery. The pall bearers will be: W.T. Buckner, Cliff Blackerby, BeeWoodford, Wyatt Thompson, J. Ha1Woodford and Dr. C. J. Clarke.Cincinnati newspapers have for thepast several weeks been publishingaccounts of the sensational trials ofprominent men for contributing tothe delinquency of Mildred Crane, agirl of seventeen years. Among thenumber who were prosecuted underthe juvenile law were several prominent business men of Cincinnati, and,as a result, several convictions wereobtained and fines assessed in eachof the cases.Following the arrest of the Cranegirl, who by the court was adjudged adelinquent, she revealed to the courtauthorities the names of a number ofprominent men who, it was alleged,had contributed to her delinquencyand had visited her at a resort in thatcity. Among the number who werementioned in the affair was Mr. Geo.Alexander, of this city.At the first intimation of being connected with the affair Mr. Alexanderentered a strong denial of the chargethrough the press of Cincinnati aswell as the local papers, declaring inhis statements that he knew nothingof. the girl in question and had beenfalsely accused.The case of the Crane girl wasthoroughly threshed out in the Cincinnait Juvenile Court, and every personassociated with the girl was foundguilty of the charge.Knowing himself to be absolutelyinnocent of the charge, Mr. Alexanderfelt that the publshing of his namein the Cincinnati newspapers as being connected with the case, was inevery way an injustice, and he madepreparations to aid the Cincinnati authorities with a view of clearing hisname.John W. Weinig, the prosecuting attorney of the Cincinnati JuvenileCourt, together wth other officers ofthe court, succeeded in bringing themen accused into court to face thecharge. At the same time the officerswere asked by Mr. Alexander to spareno effort to get at the facts in regardto his alleged connection with thecase, wliich was done by the prosc-lad been unjustly connected with thecase Mr. Weinig voluntarily forwarded the following letter to Mr. Alexander, which was received several daysago:Cincinnati, O., March 3, 1914Mr. George Alexander,Paris, Ky.Dear Sir: I think it is but justiceto you to state that I have gonethoroughly into the delinquency ofMildred Crane, and all the circumstances connected with it, and am satisfied, both from her statement andfrom my investigation, that MildredCrane never met you and does notknow you at all.You may use the above statementin any way you see fitRespectfully,JOHN W. WEINIG.According to the above statementit may be readily seen that Mr. Alexander had no connection with thedelinquency case 'of Mildred Crane, ashe stated publicly at the time the accusations were made.READY-TO-WEAR WEEK!The Recognized Time to Buy Spring Wetrables Six Daysoi special Displays and Lxlra Values in lh Newest tand Most Fashionable Spring Wear of Every Sort. ?Glance Over This Partial List ol Readyto-Wear Valuables:xoMisses' Suits, $17.50, $20.00, $25.00Of crepe woolens, black and white checks, crepe poplinsand gabardines, short coat effects with ruffles and threetier skirts; all colors.Wobl Crepe and Serge Dresses, $8.00 and $10.00Neatly made in modified styles; suitable for everyday,hard wear. In black, navy, copen, brown, tan. All sizes.Rain Coats, $5.00 and $7.50Of double texture and silk rubberized cloths, guaranteed'rainproof under all conditions.'Ladies' Suits, $25.00 and $30.00A very exceptional line in the newest weaves. Styles thatare correct and suitable for large as well as slender women.Separate Silk Coats, Separate Cloth Coats,$10.00 to $25.00Three-quarter length, jaunty, smart looking. The modelsare entirely different from anything that has been shown.Solid colors and fancies.Crepe de Chine Blouses at $2.85In four different styles; Dutch k, short or long sleeves, allcolors. These are very exceptional values.Ladies' Suits, $25.00 to $50.00 ITheae styles are exclusive. If you buy one you will have Sthe COmfort Of Vnnwino- fhaf irrnn -trrill , 1 r Vothers like it.$1 .00 Shirts and BlousesTwelve different styles, including white and floweredvoiles, pure linens, dainty cotton crepes and net stripes.Either high or. low neck, short or long sleeves.Separate Skirts, $5.00 to $1 5.00bilks, plaids, crepe woolens and serges. Indouble tier styles. Most exclusive models weshown.Taffeta Dresses $1 8.75This is a splendid quality, soft taffeta that will wear. Thisstyle is a modified blouse effect with neatly ruffled skirtColors black and navy.Silk Dresses $17.50 to $35.00In chiffon taffeta, figured crepe, crepe meteor, crepe dechine, canton silks and moire. Better style3 than you canhave made at anything near the price.ruffle andhave everWolf. Wiltformerly Jfxufman, Straus dc Co.exmstonFLOWERS.Funeral designs of the choicest cutflowers on short notice. Call overeither phone.JO. VARDBN.DINING TABLES.Thin of this beautiful diningroom tables at $4.75 up to $38.50 during our February and March sale.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.NEGRO DIES SUDDENLY FROMATTACK OF HEART TR0U3LE.Perry Smith, colored, aged about47 years, died suddenly yesterdaymorning at his room on Sycamoreand Short streets following an attack of hearty trouble. He had beenill for several' days and had failed tocall a physician. Several peoplewere in the room with Smith, whowas sitting on the side of the bed.He was seen to fall over and expiredbefore mediqal aid could be summoned. Coroner Rudolph Davis was called and he conducted an investigationBEAUTIFUL MILLINERY.My stock of Spring millinery thatwill be on display on March 19, at ourannual opening, is the prettiest linethat could be purchased in Chicago.The largest portion of it came fromthe leading millinery dealers, Highland Bros., and.Fisk. Exquisite creations in hand-made and pressedshapes in English sailors and walkinghats. You are invited to call.(10-3t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.GOOD DOPE.If you'd pursue your peaceful way,Do not embalm hard words in ink;And always think just what you sayBefore you think just what youthink.The old-fashioned woman who worean old pair of "stays" for 17 yearsmight not have had as flat a front ashe modern dame in the 16 corset,but she could do a "better day's washing. The old-fashioned boy who used torun barefoot when the county was"wet," now has a son who has towear shoes because he gets his feetall cut up on broken whisky bottlessince -the county dent "dry."Ji-iexmgton, -"Ly.THERE WILL BEi FI IIS YEARUnless People of BourbonWill Accord Society Better SupportUnless the people of Bourbon county rally to the support of the BourbonCounty Agricultural Society therewill be no fair held here this year.This decision was reached at a meeting of the directors held in the courthouse Friday, at which the prospectsfor a fair this year were freely discussed, and a,t which it was decidedthat unless there are funds raised iwith which to meet the indebtednesswhich the fair association hascurred no fair would be held.m-WOULD PLACE PARIS INTHE OHIO STATE LEAGUEMr. J. W. Bacon last Friday nightreceived a long distance messagefrom President Reed, of the OhioState League, in which an offer wasmade to place Paris in that circuitthis season, and the matter is said toLbe under consderation with a numberof the followers of the game here.It was indicated by President Reedthat one of the Ohio towns would relinquish a franchise, and, owing tothe geographical situation it was thehope that the base ball men of Pariscould be induced to finance a f-eamfor this season.Mr. Bacon, who was president ofthe Paris club during the life of theBlue Grass League, has conferredwith the number of stockholders ofthe former Paris club, but there is ageneral opinion among them that itwould prove a losing proposition. Atpresent there is a debt of $1,750 onthe ball park, $400 being paid off lastweek when the club received thatamount for the sale of James HauserThe financia! condition of ihe Sooi- '? ". ZSSSZZ. Cllb' .A 2!LHi.uc oiuoiuiumcio nave cALueo'seuety was thoroughly gone over by thedirectors, and, in view of the fact thatthe people of the county have failedto accord a proper support in the lastfew years, it was the almost unanimous opinion that to attempt to holda fair this year would mean incurringan additonal expense.The far association was reorganizedeight years ago, and for the first fourthemselves as being willing to turnover their stock to anyone who willtake up the venture this season.According to Mr. William Shire,who has always taken an active partin base ball in Paris, he has been approached on the subject during thepast several days by several persons,one of the number agreeing to produce one-half the amount necessarv-VPara tVlA Jlttonrlji'nno woo omMl tvsuiting in the making of some money to rm? ihe club durm? the seas.on.on each fair, but for the past four ! PJed a .second party would luryears there has been a very notice- mSrSu A, .able falling off in the attendance, I . fe ev?fy indication that acausing a considerable financial loss! ?lub in hl? " ulJ Pa this seaIt was decided at the meeting Sat- frm ,the fa9fc "iat Pa hPas beenurday that if the people of Bourbon l of organized base ball for moredesire a fair this year they must take tnan a 'ear, and there seems to oe aUUBlitl ICCUUg iUlUUg uie 1UUUVB1&some steps to relieve the financial embarrassment of the Society when another meeting of the directors will beheld and the order rescinded.The directors appointed a committee composed of Messrs. C. M. Thomas, J. T. Collins and J. Miller Ward tonotify the public through the newspapers of the Society's financial embarrassment, in the hope that someway -will, be devised to continue thefair.of the game that a good club wouldprove a paying proposition.A Princess regards Matrimony justas a small boy regards an alarm clock.They both want to find out , whatmakes the darn thing tick.ATTRACTION FORTOBACCOGROWERSA man never believes that he hasmisjudged his enemy until he wakes-hip in the hospital and wonders -whythey have tied all the sheets aroundhis head:All grades of tobacco cotton at verylowest prices at Simon'svSERVICE.We would advise you to place yourorder at once with the Gas Companyfor gas service as all work must bedone "as orders are received. Indications are that there will be a greatrush for gas services and piping, andyou should not delay attending tothis as you will appreciate the comforts , of a gas range during the hotsummer months. . ItSPRING OPENING.Our annual Spring opening rill beheld this year on Thursday, March 19and, as usual, we will have on displaythe very latest creations in millineryA full Hne of the famous Fisk hats,also a beautiful selection from theHighland Bros.' stck. These twohouses are Chicagos biggest millineryconcerns, and need no introduction tothose who know. These goods speakfor themselves. You are invited toinspect these lines on the 19th.(10-3t )MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.s-"K. . - -;-- 4. & ,X aiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCRY, MARCH 17, 1914"r?AiHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADECLOVER SEED.VVc have highestgrade of Red Clover,ASsike, Alfalfa andTimothy Seed at rightprices. See us beforeplacing your order.Chas.S. Brent & Bro.30-tf Phones 14.CHILDREN'S DRESSESChildren's dresses at Simon's.EXHIBITION OF PORTRAITSAT PUBLIC LIBRARYThere will be an exhibition of portraits in photography by the MissesRobinson and Hathaway at the Parispublic Library during tlie wee beginning March. 17.RESIGNS PRESIDENCY OF BIG.CONCERN TO RETURN TO PARISMr. Frank Ireland, who for the pastseveral years has occupied the officeof President of the Texas Development Co., at Houston, Texas, has resigned his position and will returnto Kentucky where he will locate.Mr. Ireland left Kentucky severalyears ago and became interested inthe extensive oil business in Texas.GARDEN SEED.Get busy and put them in.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.FOR SALE.Cotton Seed Meal Hulls; also,Shelled Corn and High-Grade TobaccoFertilizers for sale byRr. B. HUTCHCRAFT.(17-3wks)PURCHASED NEW FRANKLINCAR FROM LOCAL FIRM.Dr.W.C. TJssery who had hisautomobile destroyed by Are, hasclosed a deal for the purchase of anew 1914 model Franklin TouringCar from the Bourbon Garage & Supply Co. The machine will be delivered to him within the next few weeks.SOCIAL AND PERSONALMr. Withers Davis is a visitor inLouisville.Mr. John Tarris quite ill at hishome on Cypress street.Mrs. W. R. Scott has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Frankfort. mMr. . Charlton Clay has returnedfrom a business trip to New YorkCity.Mrs. A'. J. Skillman is quite illwith asthma at her home on Secondstreet.Mr. Warren Fisher, of Carlisle,visited his sister, Miss Elzab'eth Fshsr, Friday.Col. R. B. Franklin, of Frankfortand Lexington, was a visitor in thecity yesterday.Miss Sara Daniel, who is engagedin teaching at Lancaster, is at homefor a brief visit.Mrs. Frank White, of Bourbon,is A'isiting her father, Mr. W. O.Brock, in Winchester. 'The Dansant Thursday eveningat Elks' Hall will be one of the pleasant events of the week.Misses Corinne Collins and BelleHcrton returned Saturday from a visit to friends in Maysville.Mr. C. Ed Rice, of Fulton, Ky., lavisiting at the home of Mr. FrankO'Neal, on Stoner Avenue.Miss Hettie Whaley has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. Hoffman Wood, in Mt. Sterling.Misses Mattie and Laura Lilieston were the guests of Mrs. Dan Kimbrough, in Cynthiana, last week.Mrs. .Edward Faulkner and littledaughter left Friday evening for Cannel City to visit relatives and friends.Mrs. Davis, who has been theguest of Mrs. N. A. Moore, returnedto her home in Mt. Sterling yesterday.Miss Ettavieve Foote, of Winhester, was the guest of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Charles Foote, in thiscity, Sunday.uson, Blair Varden, Tom Prichard,Harry Horton and Ireland Davis.Mrs. H. H. Ployd and daughtersleft yesterday for a visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Newman,in Lebanon.mWmsmmj BECKHAM OPENSHIS CAMPAIGN(Continued from Page One.)speaking. Many -Democrats werepresent- from distant and nearbycounties.The feature of Mr. Beckhanm'sspeech this afternoon was his terrific attack on Representative Stanleyin reply to Mr. Stanley's criticism ofthe ex-Governor.Mr. Beckham d'fjcussed his ownrecord as Governor, his approval ofthe McChord act, the issues in theGoebel campaign, and the conditionof State finances under his administration. He replied to the charge that hewas employed as attorney for the L& N. Railroad, by saying that thefirm of Beckham & McQuown waslocal counsel in Frankfort for theroad, and received less than 800annually in fees, an employmentwhich ceased January 1.Mr. Beckham has announced twomore speaking date Winchester,March 23, and Harrodsburg, April 6,county court day.BROKE INTO PEST HOUSENEGROES ARE BEING HELD.Four negro men Friday night brokeinto the county pest house near thiscity to secure a night's lodging andare being held awaiting developmentsin their condition. Several days agothe last small pox patient was discharged and the health authoritieshad not fumigated the premises. Thenegroes were seen to leave the premises Saturday morning and were latertaken into custody and placed in quarantine.SIMON HAS THEM.SEE MONSON'S NEW GOODS.Call and see Charley Monson's newline of Spring goods. Everything youneed. Save you money.17-lt)LENTEN SPECIALSRead this list of specials forthe Lenten season and phone us youiorder:Pickled Herring, White Fish, Milker Herring, Roll Mops, Salt Mackere"and Fresh Salmon.(24-tf) T . C. LENIHANTHE PUBLIC INVITED.Crapes for dresses andSimon's.waists atJOHN C. EWALT ISSTRICKEN WITHPARALYSISMr. John C. Ewalt, of Shawhan,this county, Friday suffered a slightstroke of paralysis, from the effectsof which he is confined to his homeat that place. Mr. Ewalt was stricken while walking across a pasture,and was found by one of his neighbors in a semi-conscious condition.Medical attention was at oncp summoned', and he is now getting alongnicely. Mr. Ewalt was formerly engaged in the mercantile business inShawhan, but recently disposed of hisinterests to devote his time to farming. AT SIMON'S.Wash goods or allfound at Simon's.kinds can beA COMPLETE ASSORTMENTWe have just received our newSpring Stetson hats and Manhattanshirts. A cqmplete assortment ofJ. W. DAVIS & CO.NOTICE.All members of Paris Lodge B. P.'O. E., are requested to meet at thelodge' room on Tuesday evening,March 24. Business of importance.A full attendance is desired.KENNEY NICHOLS, E. R.INFANTS'S SUNDAY SCHOOLCLASS TO GIVE A TEAThe infants class of the BaptistSunday School will give a silver teaat the home of Rev. and Mrs. Magnum, on Sixth street Friday afternooon, March 20. The proceeds willbe used to furnish a room. Everybody invited to attend.FRESH ROASTED.Jumbo Peanuts roasted frosh everyday. We keep them hot and fresh.RECEIVES MESSAGE THATBROTHER IS" INJUREDMrs. J. F. Trisler yesterday morningreceived a message announcing theserious condition of her brother, Mr.Harvey Legg, at Hanly, W. Va. Themessage gave no details other thanthat he had been injured and his condition was serious. Mr. Legg wasemployed as an assistant to a C. & O.trainmaster in Hanly. He has frequently visited Mr. and Mrs. Trislerin this city. Mrs. Trisler left Parislast night for Hanly.Late yesterday 'afternoon a telegram was received announcing thedeath of Mr. Legg, which occurredat one o'clock. Mr. 'and Mrs. Trisler left last night for the strickenhome. 'Mrs. James H. Thompson entertained with a luncheon- bridge Fridayafternoon in honor of Mrs. WilliamKenney Ferguson.The Pavlowa performances atBen Ali, The Dansant and the SupperDance at the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, Saturday, were all liberallypatronized by the society folk of Paris. Miss Matilda James, of MargaretCollege, Versailles, and Misses SaVahThompson and Frances Champ, ofKentucky College for Women, at Danville, spent the week-end at theirhomes.Mr. James Paton, of San Antonio,Texas, is visiting his cousin, Mr.Pearce Paton. Mr. Paton came hereto attend the burial of his father, Mr.Henry T. Paton, Thursday, in the Paris cemetery.Mrs. W. O. Hinton and daughter,Mrs. Amds Turney, Jr., have gone toOmaha, Neb., to attend the weddingof Mrs. Hinton's brother, Prof. W. E.Freeman, of State University, to MissShirley Freeman.Miss Elizabeth Fisher entertained Friday night with a dinner partyat Stout's Cafe.following the performance of "Slumberland" at the operahouse. Those present were MissElizabeth Collins, Lexington; Mr.Warren Fisher, Carlisle; Mr. WilliamTaylor, Miss Elizabeth Steele, MissFisher and Mr. Monroe Sweeney.Among those who attended thePavlowa performance at the Ben Ali,in Lexington, Saturday afternoonwere Mr. and Mrs. George Alexander,Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Clay, Mr. andMrs. A. H. Hancock, Mr. and Mrs.Swift Champ, Miss Frances Champ,Miss Kate Alexander, Mrs. EdjthBronston. Miss Bess Holiday, MissElizabeth Steele, Mrs. Moore, Mrs. NJA. Moore and guest, Mrs. Davis, Mrs.Mollie James, Miss Matilda James,Miss Katherine Marsh, Miss LouiseSteele.Mrs. William Ferguson Kenneywas guest of honor Friday at a luncheon-whistgiven by Mrs. JamesThompson at her lovely, countryhome, "Woodlawn Villa," on the Lexington pike.The guests were seated at tworpund tables in the dining room andthe sun parlor. The tables were veryattractive with lace mats holding silver dishes of delightful confections.In the center of each table was agraceful basket of delicious fruitwhich made a very attractive centerpiece. Several delicious courses wereserved.Mrs. Ferguson is a loly bride inthe family, and was beautifullygowned in black velvet.The guest of honor received a stylish string af amber beads and theprize for highest score was won byMiss Kate Alexander, a pair of shellpins for the hair.One of the most delightful socialevents of the season was the dansantgiven at the Elks' Hall Thursday evening under the direction pi Mrs. EdithAlexander Bronston and Miss Elizabeth Steele. Delightful dance musicwas furnished by piano and trapdrums between the hours of eight andtwelve. After the dance a tempting-lunch was served at Stout's Cafe.Those nresent were: Mr. and MrsGeorge Alexander, Mr. and Mrs. J. S.Roberts, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Kenney, Mr. and Mrs Edward Prichard,Mr.'and Mrs. S. G. Clay, Mr. and Mrs.John Yerkes, Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Webber, IMr. and Mrs. B. A. Frank, Mr.and Mrs. Charles Fithian, Mr. andMrs. Wm. Blakemore, Mr. and Mrs.W. H. Harris, Judge and Mrs. C. A.McMillan, Mr. and Mrs. Jas. w. Ferguson, Mr. and Mrs1. Willanm KenneyFerguson, Mrs. Edith Bronston, Mrs.Frank M. Clay, Mrs. Rudolph Davis,Mrs. Mollie James, Misses Mayme andBess Holladay, Louise Scudder (Chicago), Carolyn Roseberry, Kate Alexander, Elizabeth Steele, Anna Embry, Elizabeth Brown, Catherine Wilson' Messrs. Clarence Thomas, Woodrord BucknerC. G. Daugherty, Walace Steele, Withers Davis, Hugh Fer-We invite you to come and inspectour new Spring woolens. Everyoneshould have a new Easter suit.J. W. DAVIS & CO.SEED POTATOESWe havephones.(13-tf)them all kinds. BothSAUER'S GROCERYOpposite CourthouseCHIEF LINK SUFFERS ANATTACK OF INDIGESTION.Chief of Police Fred Link yesterday suffered a silght attack of acuteindigestion at the store of January &Connell, and was removed to hishome on Majn street, where he received medical attention. He is improving and his conditon is notthought to be serious.Dance at home tothe music of theVictrolaHome is the idealplace for the new dances,and the Victrola makesit possible to dancethem in every home.The Victrola playseven the most difficultnumbers perfectly, andwith such music dancingis a real delight.We'll gladly play anySancemusic you wisn to near stop many time. Andwe'll explain, too,how you can easilyhave a Victrola inyour home lS to$200.The New, The Beautiful, Await Yoti!"pHE New York market has been thoroughly searciedL-- and we have succeeded in bringing; together tlielargest stock we have ever shownin fact an ejioxmrnmstock of new merchandise. v ,Opening Sale of New Spring Silks, Dress Goods, WaskGoods, Linens, Dress Trimmings and Laces.nrThe newest in Neckwear, Ribbons, Handkerchiefs, Jewelry 9Bags and Dress Accessories. Everything you want ' Wtmake your new Spring outfit complete. 9We wish to call your attention to our enlarged depart- Sments of Lace Curtains, Draperies and Rugs. XWe have the merchandise don't fail to see the many 9new things we have to show. WMw.Ed Tucker. .IParis' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.FOR PARTICULAR LADIES.DaughertyBros.Right In SeasonAny old Grandmother believes thatif you give her a tin pie plate filledwith hot grease and a flannel rag shecan make all the Trained Nurses inthe country look like 30 cents.CUT FLOVERS.If you want flowers of any kindjust phone us your order. Nothing butthe choicest fresh cut flowers handled.(It) JO .VARDEN.The ladies who are exacting andhard to please are the ones who areespecially invited to our opening onThursday, March 19. We have purchased for this spring and summermillinery that will without a doubt,olease the most fastidious woman inbourbon countv. Something to suitthe most modest as well as the exreme in iact, styles to suit aliEnglish walking hats, etc. You areinvited to call.(10-3t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.FOR SALE.Seven-horse-power twin cylinderIndian Motor Cycle; tandem and luggage carrier; new tires; in perfectcondition.17-lt M. B. JACKSON.per FARM LQ&SS!G8nt. $1,000 to $100 00W. KING & SON,512 Cheapslcte. lexlngton, KvFor RentHouse of four rooms, kitchen, Iwi&upantry, hot and cold water, large gmrden, and fruit trees; located oa Higgins Avenue. Apply toMRS. JOHN CAIN, SR-FOR SALE.Baled Hay.A. B. HANCOCSCHome Phone 560,Cumberland Phone 783.(13-6t)Desirable flonse For ReitwaiidSMMXFOR RENT.Two rooms on third floor of Agricultural Bank Building. Heat andwater furnished.(17-tf)r offer for rent privately, the attractive brick dwelling house on Higbtstreet, near Eight street, which. wilEJ be ready for occupancy on March; 10..This up-to-date residence contaiHnine rooms, bath room, pantry, sightlarge closets, two large attic rooms,,etc. The house is equipped with aatural gas for lighting and heatine. be-J sides electric lights, and the owner-has furnished the best quality- shades:for all windows. Large basement under building, and first-class cistern atthe door, with pump in kitchen. Thisproperty should be seen to be appreciated. For further information, apply to(6-tf) J. T. HINTON.3And never before as early as thisin the beginning of the season havewe ever had a chance to make a nricein Wall Papers such as we have been i 8doing for several days. We want toagain impress upon your minds thatwe bought the entire stock of WallPaper from the National Five and TenCent Store at about 50c. on the dollarand will sell this stock at about halfof what it is worth.Ten and 12c. papers, a completeassortment, which you can select patters from suitable for any room orhall, with borders to match, at 5c. aroll. All of our papers are hung byexpert workmen.How about an ice cream freezesthis coming summer? We are handling the Cold Alaska, absolutely thebestone on the market today. Madewith the areating spoon, will freezecream in three minutes. Come andsee them.How about a curtain stretcher?We are handling several styles. Thisweek only we will sell the $1.50 kindand give you an easie with one freefor $1.18.rTHE FAIR.Drugs and Cigars,Bed Rock Cash Sale Now, Going On.Lasts All of March.;This is the Biggest and Best Sale of the Kind You Ever Attended You Can Not Afford to Miss It Others AreBeing Benefited By It Why Not You?S No Drugs in OurCigars.We don't mix the two.People who know, gen-erally-buytheir Cigars ata drug store.All our Cigars are madeby .people who have areputation to maintain.No wild cat Cigars inour case.We also carry a complete line of Cigarettes,Twist, Plug and ScrapTobacco. You'll find yourfavorite brand here, andin the best condition.People's PharmacyDo le Building 8th and MainBoth Phonesifl !a - J-HjJ, xGrandparents: , , miIf you want to give the Recently weds a present for 'their new home that will tickle them, give them a handsomeparlor-set. Then, when yon visit them you will enjoy theirpride m their beautifully furnished parlor. When you give apresent, you want the best, of course. So come to us, for wecarry the extra fine, SUBSTANTIAL, up-to-date parlor setsthat you are looking for. Our PRICES are trustworthy andsquare, too. THE J. T. HINTONGO.We Want You to Join Our McDougall Kitchen Cabinet Club $1.00 Down and $1.00per Week. We are going to Give One Away, too. Come in and Fet us Explain- We:tell you this much now, though, you get them at a big reduction and you get the bestKitchen Cabinet made.THE J. T. HINTON CO,Paris, Kentucky Phones 3Undertaking-Ambulance-Wpod Mantels' m& ,--." T''Is NATURE'SDisinfectant.ROhm tkat Js.4-H Bile mwtt yawUIs are rdierei.Laxatives de net teuch th LIVER.FeieekylliH (May Apple ReeO dees.PeDoLax Is Pedephyllln with the f ripetakes .7n TrjrFor Sale by All Druggists.BILEACCIDENTS WILL HAPPEN.New York World.)Even Colonel Roosevelt has his good"iays. Nobody is blaming him for the"riots in Brazil.ColdsIshould be "nipped in thebud", for if allowed to runiinr.heelred. serious resultsflmay follow. Numerouscases of consumption, pneumonia, and other fatal diseases, can be traced back toa cold. At the first sign of acold, protect yourself bythoroughly cleansing yoursystem with a few doses ofTHEDFORD'SBLACKDRAUGHT the old reliable, vegetableliver powder.Mr. Chas. A. Ragland, oMadison Heights, Va., says:;,1 have been using Thedford's Black-Draught forstomach troubles, indigestion, and colds, and find it tobe the very best medicine 1ever used. It makes an oldman feel like a young one."Insist on Thedford's, theoriginal and genuine. E-67LARDi5SThe Purest and 8the BestAll Rome Rendered10-Pound Cans, - $1.4050-Pound Cans, - $6,50BaldwinBros-,Poris, Kentucky SBoth Phones32)wGasr ittmg !J 1ei Plumbing and Elecri- 2i tt i a iicai worK m auTheir BranchesStoves, Rangesand Appliances.Spicer &Gilchrist,Elks' BuildingE. E. Phone, 103T Home Phone, 101IF MEALS HIT BAOKAND STOMACH SOURS"Papa's Diapepsin" Ends , StomachM'sery, Indigestion in 5 "MinutesIf what you just ate is souring onyour stomach or lies like a lump oflead, refusing to digest, or you belcbgas and eructate sour, undigestedfood,, or have a feeling of dizziness,heartburn, fullness, nausea, bad tastein mouth and stomachr headache, youcan get blessed relief in five minutes.Ask your pharmacist to show youthe formula, plainly written on thesefifty-cent cases of Pape's Diapepsin,then you will understand why dyspeptic troubles of all kinds must go, andwhy they relieve sour, out-of-orderstomachs or indigestion in five minutes; tastes like candy, though eachdose will 'digest and prepare for assimilation into" the blood all the foodyou eat; besides, it makes you go tothe table with a healthy appetite; butwhat will please you most is that youwill feel that your stomach and intestines are clean and fresh, and youwill not need to resort to laxativesor liver pills for biliousness or constipation. This city will have many "Pape'sDiapepsin" cranks, as some peoplewill call them, but you will be enthusiastic about this splendid stomachpreparation, too, if you ever take itfor indigestion, gases, heartburn.sourness, dyspepsia, or any stomach misery. Get some now, this minute, and ridyourself of stomach trouble and indigestion in five minutes.(adv)Surgeons who operated on Raymond Siffert, 20, of Canton, O., removing the spleen, say his dispositionwill always be good because he can't1 become angry.HAPPY CHILD INJUST A FEW HOURSCross, Fever'sh, Constipated, Give."California Syrup of Figs"Mothers can rest eosy after giving"California Syrup' of Figs," becausein a few hours all the clogged-upwaste, sour bile and fermenting foodjrp.ntlv moves out of the bowels, and! vnn Viairo q woU nlnvfnl p.hild aeain.Children simply will not take the timefrom play to empty their bowels, andthey become tighty packed, liver getssluggish and stomach disordered.When cross, feverish, restless, seeif tongue is coated, then give this delicious "fruit laxative," Syrup of Figs.Children love it, and it cannot causeinjury. No difference what ails yourlittle one if full of cold, or a sorej throat, diarrhoea, stomach-ache, badbreath, remember, a gentle "insideJ cleansing" should always be the firstI treatment given. Full directions fori babies, children of all ages and grownups are printed on each bottle.Beware of counterfeit fig syrups.Ask your druggist for a 50-cent bottleof "California Syrup of Figs," thenlook carefully and see that it is madeby the "California Fig Syrup Company." We make no smaller size.Hand back with contempt any otherfig syrup. (adv)At Dayton, O., when another manheld four aces against his four kings,A. W. Duff, 65, inmate of the Soldiers'Home, got mad and had three menj arrested for gambling.DON'T BE MISLEDParis Citizens Should Read and HeedThis AdviceKidney trouble isoften fatal.Don't experimentdangerous andwith somethingnew and untried.Use a tested kidney remedy.Begin with Doan's Kidney Pills.Used in kidney troubles 50 years.Recommended here and everywhere. The following statement forms convincing proof:Mrs. R. F. Flynn, 224 Cox street,Lexington, Ky., says: "My back wasso sore and lame that I couldn't restwell. I couldn't lie on my back a bitfor six months. When I tried tostoop or get up after sitting, sharppains seized me in my sides. Thekidney secretions bothered me, too,and I was in bad shape. When Iwas told to try Doan's Kidney Pills Idid, and they removed the trouble."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other. (adv)Unable to find a bootjack afterransacking the Waldorf Hotel, inNew York, from cellar to the ropf, avalet finally lifted a tall Westernerout of his cowhide boots.'NOTHER DIPLOMATICMUDDLE1 .(Baltimore American.)To which will Mr. Bryan apologizefor actions of those bold TexansHuerta or Villa?It is said that fully 12,000,000 horsepower can be developed from waterfalls in the national forest reserves ofthis country.HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatJ cannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney, for tne -past fifeteenyears, and believe him perfectly honorable in all business transactions,and financially able to carry out anyobligations made by his firm.NATIONAL BNK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials . sent free. Price 75cents per bottle. Sold by all druggistsTake Hairs Family Pills for consti -pation. ' w (adv) ,VIRILE FIGURE, THE PIRATE,FOR GREAT EXPOSITION5. WALLS.VaXv "!Copyright, 1914. by Panama Pacific International lixposltlon Company.When the sculptors at the PanamaPacific International Exposition begantheir work they had as an inspirationa task which has appealed to theimagination of the world for centuries,the cutting of the barrier between theAtlantic and Pacific oceans in. thePanama canal, and so they have reproduced in the sculpture figures ofthe early explorers, pirates, the adventurers of the seas, the pioneers, pathfinders. The picture above shows "ThePirate" by Allan Newman, the brilliant American sculptor.BEAUTIFUL FIGURES TO ADORNVAST EXPOSITION PALACES.Copyright, 1914. by Panama Pacific International Exposition. Company.Many of the greatest sculptors ofthe world have produced the wonderful figures and groups to be shownon the grounds and on the great palaces of the Panama-Pacific international Exposition at San Francisco in1915. The picture above shows one ofthe exquisite figures by August Jaegersfor the great Court of the Four Seasons. DECORATIVE PIECE FOR EXPOSITION PALACE.Copyright. 1914, by Panama Pacific International Exposition Company.CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS 'FOR CONSTIPATIONFor constipation, Chamberlain'sTablets are excellent. Easy to take,mild and gentle in effect. Give thema trial. For sale by all dealers.(March) (advA Portland, Ore. man says hismother-in-law never interferes im hisfamily affairs except when she advises him to iumn into thp. "hav.IThat wouldn't be so bad in July-biltFebruary. B-r-r-r! - - ,i - " -aav --.;' janft -. a ' .''. & av- ' aaalaBSPSafE ', tPSDflPaHitaHF-!Jp -:"" ..' Xm0mmllaV JaV$- '; Sv n&hbs.C eaBwlVBOaBK : ' mmtUIN'JafeR 'Y(MK$3&Bmmm$?mm PItfjay sti .'iSsweaaaaaaaKy.wao4wBKa tpa(isjssaaaaaiaaBfcA.y4n9aiaKd! vsiP I9H If ftmmkaV,-' , V eyy ' " " I 'wLtfmZMKksMmnza b g &miIBM 1 1 wg?ifiaaaaa&fts&KX'i ? . . . 'Ztfy;, it v!k: aaaaa nnmm. &MMimmm n mmaaW WMtS.".r -,?i fSfeiw aaS t'l Ulk.4W TOW H ff mik mm.mtmjmmi m ym f I lit' fell m m 3BBBs 9 j-35 SPSS- !&&& 3N'5S? SsESX '. VBBb 'v 1r Wm4MMs!iJ$& lir 1bV ?i . I ll'WMMl If ' :B r I ! m Hi WWix wf-m ?BR iJi'f p r & ygJ j III '11 nH QmWitWh'FsWm mMlfc.,WvSt ' i)ft .i'. C . f, V-4-.lHiMMCE v fis ' a '-VSt N X'k4- 5 r ? iaaBSBBias. ': . " ' .., .s ' ,mto&M I VmmY"--' ' -v&IP' " & wSvf 1JaBaWaWBirM11 '.1News Overthe State &City Wins Damage SuitLexington--The jury in the CircuitCourt Friday returned a verdict in favor of the city in the $5,000 damagesuit against the city brought by Andrew Sea, as administrator of the estate of Mrs. L. C. Owens, of Louisville, who was injured by falling onthe street over a year ago.Dry Victory Invalid.Frankfort The local option election by which Montgomery countyvoted dry September 30, 1912, was declared invalid by the Court of Appealsaffirming the Montgomery CircuitCourt. A supplemental list of petitioners from two precincts was filedand the Court held that the CountyJudge shold have let the case lieover until the succeeding election togive opponents of the election time toinquire into the validity of the signatures. Judge Hannah dissented.The Kentucky Futurities.Lexington Foals eligible to theKentucky Futurity, to be trotted atthe Kentucky Troting Horse Breeders' Associaion track at the fall meetings, 1915, 1916 and 1917, were madepublic Friday. The race carries avalue of $26,000, as follows:$5,000, for two-year-olds that trot atfall meeting, 1914.$2,000, for three-year-olds that paceat the fall meeting, 1915.$14,000, for three-year-olds that trotat the fall meeting, 1915.$5,000, for four-year-olds ' that trotat the fall meeting, 1916.Gold cup also goes to winner of thefour-year-old race.Gas Consumers Win.Lexington The gas consumers whoprotested against the bills for themonth' of January and took the casesinto court, won a victory when Magistrate Charles P. Dodd decided forthe plaintiff in the case of John T.Holden against the Central KentuckyNatural Gas Company. The case wasmade as a test for the numerous othersimilar suits which were filed by con-esssessssseGo where fair skies, ideal weather, and outdoor enjoyment dispel allthought cf .Timer's discomfort.NOW AVAJLABLS VIAtr-G CPU.', ,TO bitx. HZSGJRTSArD c?-TICKETS ON SALE LYiILV. LONG RETURN LIMIT.ATTRACTIVE S7QP-0TCS1 PRIVILEGES.EQUIPMENT, SERVICE ATSCEKERY UNSURPASSED.?or details ccns'tlt cay Ticket Agent or writeH. C. KIHG, Passenger ar.d Tbkct A22T1U 101 East Main St., Lexinaton. Kvf - - - - - -- 1 .&it&:zz'7&3j3SzmcHWhen Your Blood is Ri::Your Whole System is Right.lfYou Have any Blood or Skin Diseases DO NOT DELAYUntil it is too late, but orderThe Hot Springs RemedvjA Complete aid Positive Remedy For J:SYPHILIS, ECZEMA, ERYSIPELAS,ACNE, MALARIA, RHEUMATISMand all other forms of Blood and Skin Diseases tHot Springs Physicians pronounce this the Greatest BloodWe Prepare a Remedy For Every Disease.Our Treatment of Female Ills is the "Greatest ot itsHot Springs Medical Company803 1-2,0sumer. Mr. HMa roed to rtxsoror17.49 , which Ti, alleges wjui th, amount of the overcharge is the Janu-lary bill.(STATE t. ..; ....'. Five-Gaited Saddlers.Shelbyvlle The Board of. Directorsof the Shelby County Fair Association has decided to renew the stakefor five-gaited saddle stallions, geldings ormares, which proved such adrawing card last year. The moneyvalue will be increased from $1,250 to$1,500. It will be shown in two divisions, on different days, with $1,000 divided among the winners in the firstdvision and $500 in the second. Thefinal details have not been workedout but the conditions will be similarto those observed last year.Sells For Good PriceShelbyville Thompson R. Webberhas sold his place containing sixtyand one-half acres on the interurbanroad, three miles west of Shelbyville"to W. Scott Bell for $14,000. Mr. Bellwill build a, handsome residence onthe property in the spring. S. D.Boudware has purchased from Mrs.Birdie Reid Ellis the brick residencejhe is now occupying in Bland avenuefor $5,000.Court House In Danger.Shelbyville The new court housewas endangered Friday afternoon by afire under the eaves, which originatedfrom a bottle of acid in a metalworker's tool box. A timely discovery prevented what wimght have proved aserious conflagration. The loss willnot exceed 100.Meets Tragic Death in Sawmill.Glasgow A. K. Bruton, 70, a merchant of Modoc, Cumberland County,was killed in a sawmill at that place.Mr. Burton had gone, out to his son'ssawmill, and while talking with hisson, sat down on the carriage nearthe saw. He lost his balance and fellacross the saw, which cut off bothlegs and served his spine. He is survived by two sons, Jake Burton, abusiness man of Burkersville, andSamuel Burton, of Modoc.To Teach Writing of Picture Plays.Lexington The Kentucky StateUniversity has taken an advancedsteD. and it will be the first univer-j sity in the country to establish aCOUrse of instruction on the writing ofmoving picture plays,J The demand of plays of interest tomm winterms, m MjssrT7rsmommmmmFGURSST FAB8:a r" .Of" T5-: OOHiMr::r; sky."w4444firAND && liHA I&WM M ajfljTO-DAY!' on the Market.Eull Course Treatment Six Bottles, $18.00,Single Bottle, $5.00.Kind Ever Offered to Suffering Women.Write us your troubles. All correspondence strictly confidential.Central, Avenue, Ho Springs, Ark.nthe movies hM ben gret recBtiyfollowing th growth of U.ltnes'and" th members tle- faculty andPresident Baker have arranged to establish a branch for instrutk alonirthis line. . &Liquor In Storage.Carlisle Seizure of alleged contraband liquor have become so heavy oflate in Carlisle that the officers havefound it necessary to provide a rocinin the basement of the courthouse inwhich to store them while in the custody of the courts to be used as evidence. Heretofore the captured liquorhas" been kept in the clerk's vaults,but captures are so numerous nowthat it is in the way there, and another place had to be provided. Theroom in the basement of the courthouse will have three sides of solidstone masonry, with a heavy oakfronL Several persons have been arrested here lately oh. charges ofbringing liquor here for the purposeof sale.Paroled Convicts to Draw Tidy SumFrankfort A tidy sum of monevwill be drawn by the convicts of theEddyville penitentiary and Frankfortreformatory, who were paroled on account of the decision of the Court ofAppeals in the case of John DeMoss,requiring the Prison Commission toparole the men when they have served the minimum period of their indeterminate sentences. It is estimated that, the Frankfort convicts ,Udraw about $4,500 as their share ofthe contract price of their labor allowed them, and the Eddyville convictswill draw about $3,000.WHAT EVERYMARRIEDWOMANKNOWS.(Detroit Free Press.)Queen Mary, it is said, has decidednot to go to Paris with King George.Untl he gest away King Georgeshould endeaveor riot to seem toopleased.Special Rates ' Excursions.Round trip Winter Tourists to allj principal winter resorts in Alabama,Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina and Havana,Cuba, on sale daily Oct. 1, 1913, untilApril 30, 1914, with final limit May 31,1914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas and New Mexico, on saledaily- Nov. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914,with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberalstopovers allowed on all winter tourist tickets. Also low round tripHomeseekers' tickets to points in Alabma, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi,on sale first and third Tuesdays ineach month, final limit 25 days fromdate of sale. Stop-overs allowed inHomeseekers' territory. For furtherinformation call on or addressW. H. HARRIS, Agent.T. K. SMITH, T. A.and Skin Kemedy ever placed &-"gnuC3S.-v'f. - 'flti1. JJ"VJ rj r vl ck vjtmm- k m-ii- rj .l " ' . avu:jfmWi- "ir- -5 " - iJ'l 1 . -, . " V- r . L ., ..1HE BOURBON NLWS, -PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 17, 1914mrI Lameness II Sloan's Liniment is a quick I1 and reliable remedy for lame- II ness in horses and other farm ISTOCK AND FARM NOTES"Sloan's Liniment surpasses anything on earth for lameness in horsesand other horse ailments. I wouldnot sleep rithout it in my stable."iDLuxnr Doyle,432 "West 19th St., New York City.Good for Swelling and AbeeMb. H.M. Gibbs, of Lawrence, Kan.,R. F. IX, No. 3, -writes: " I had a maretrith an abscess on her neck and one50c. bottle of Sloan's Liniment entirelycured her. I keep it all the time forrails and small swellings andfor everything about the stock." -SLOANSLINIMENTis a quick and safe remedyfor hog cholera.Governor of Georgia usesSloan's Liniment for Hog Cholera." I heard Gov. Brown (who is quite afarmer) say that he had never lost ahog from cholera and that his remedyalways -was a tablespoon! ul of Sloan'sLiniment in a gallon of slops, decreasing the dose as the animal improved.Last month Gov. Brown and myselfwere at the Agricultural Collegebuilding and in the discussion of theravages of the disease, Gov. Browngave the remedy named as unfailing."" Obseever."Satajjkah Daily News.At All Dealers. 25c, 50c. & Sl.OO.Sloan's Book on Horses, Cattle,Hogs and Poultry sent free.AddreM Dr. Earl S. Sloan, Boston.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics is1fiajzi4T&-August 4, 5, 6, 7 and S are the1 dates selected for the Uniontown, Ky.Fair. V. L. Givens is secretary.The Merber County Fair will beheld at Harrodsburg, Ky., July 28, 29,30,31. R. W. Keenan, secretary.It is reported that an offer of$5,000 was refused for Eel Direct, p.,2:14, the Canadian ice sensation.Lou Dillon, 1:58, by SidneyDillon, is short pedigreed in both thedam of her sire and dam of her dam.Fifty-five head of Angus cattle soldfor an average of $218 at the recentsale held by P. Leahey, at Williamsburg, la.At the public sale of Herefordcattle held at South. Omaha, Neb., byJ. B. Ashby 30 heifers averaged $220.83, and 28 young bulls averaged $200.At the recent public sale of Mr.T. E. Sanders, of Mercer county, thehorses brought from $65 to $165;milk cows $45 to $60; mules $120each.Lanaghan Bros., of Charlotte, la.,sold 57 Shorthorns in their recent annual sale at an average of $140. The26 bulls averaged $152 and 31 females$130.The number of horses on farmsin the United States on January 1,1914, was 20,962,000, against 20,567,000 last year, 20,500,000 in 1912, and20,277,000 in 1911.Good authorities writing early history Missouri saddle horse foundingdo not hesitate to name Kentucky asthe source of supply. And now' comesKentucky hustling, bustling, everlastingly rustling to keep the streamfrom rising above its source.Frank Hayden, of Montgomerycounty, sold last week to Ben Franklin, of Clark county, a nice two-year-oldstallion by Golden King, dam byEmerald Chief, which he will havecampaigned this season at the countyfairs. The price pc-.:d was $350.The Montgomery County Fairwill be held this year the week ofJuly 21 to 25 inclusive at Mt. Sterling, Ky. The board decided to holda five days exhibit and will offer oneof the most elaborate programs inthe State. G. C. Thompson was elected president and W. H. Wood secretary.CHICK CHAT.A soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamIrledicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c large box, or by mail.The Paxton Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.The combined receipts of livestock at six Western markets lastweek, including Chicago, Kansas City,Omaha, St. Louis, St. Joseph andSioux City, were 115,000 cattle, 319,-700 hogs and 233,100 sheep. On thecorresponding week of last year mereceipts at these markets were 115,100 cattle, 311,100 hogs and 204,600sheep. From January 1, 1914, to theclose of last week the combined reooints at the same markets were 1,-14R.000 cattle. 3.643,000 hogs and 2,-!Back-lot-raised chickens are ape tosuffer from lack of, sunshine and fromdamp ground. Small back, yards arepretty sure to be surrounded by highfenses or buildings, so that the directrays of the sun seldom come to routthe mists and grime. They are goodplaces to carry a coop of pullets andcockerels for fattening for the table,and some wise ones are beginning thisform of commercialism. They buy abig coop of youngsters and turn themout, selling them at nearly doublewhen they have fattened them off table scraps. No attempt is made toproduce eggs.Prof. James Dryden, of the Oregon Agricultural College and Experiment Station, is quoted as saying thatin poultry raising the. nature of thesoil and climate are things to be considered; that an open, porous, welldrained soil is more favorable for intensive poultry farming than a heavyclay soil. That is to say, one maykeep 100 birds on an open, porous soilwith less danger from soil contamination than fifty on a heavy clay soil.Keep the little chicks active. Onlyactive chicks enjoy their food, anddigest it and put on flesh. Thesefluffy little fellows delight to dig intofreshly turned soil, and we may besure they find therein things that wedo not know about and would neverprovide.Give the wee fellows a little "run."Fill it with short-cut grass or cloveror alfalfa or whatever is growing andscatter small grain in it. Then youwill see the little yellow legs fly, digging into the litter and exposing grainto the awaiting bis. Fold your hands,for whle they are alive and active youmay be assured of their health and development. The child who is denied country lifefor at least a part of its first fifteenyears has been robbed of the bestpart of its material inheritance. Alarge proportion of the great men ofthe world to-day have come up fromthe farm and would not give you theirfarm experiences for all ehey havegained in later years.Now cometh the time of the yearwhen the temptation is strong to sellyour best eggs for the great pricesoffered for the best. Go slow. If youare intending to raise birds for yourown purposes, please realize that thefinest in the market are none too finefor you, any more than for the otherparty. Raise from your best. Sellyour second best. In this way nextyear's crop will be better than yourbest of this year.FREE ADVICETO SICK WOMENThousands Have Been HelpedBy Common SenseSuggestions.Ml!!!)Women suffering from any form offpmale ills are invited to communicatepromptly with thewoman's privatecorrespondence department of the Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn,Mass. Your letterwill be opened, readand answered by awoman and held instrict confidence. A woman can freelytalk of her private illness to a woman ;thus has been established a confidentialcorrespondence which has extended overmany years and which has never beenbrokem Never have they published atestimonial or used a letter without thewritten consent of the writer, and neverhas the Company allowed these confidential letters to get out of their possession, as the hundreds of thousandsof them in their files will attest.Out of the vast volume of experiencewhich they have to draw from, it is morethan possible that they possess the veryknowledge needed in your case. Nothing is asked in return except your goodwill, and their advice has helped thousands. Surely any woman, rich or poor,should be glad to take advantage of thisgenerous offer of assistance. AddressLydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., (confidential) Lynn, Mass.Every woman ought to haveiLydia E. Pinkham's 80-pageText Book. It is not a book forgeneral distribution, as it is tooexpensive. It is free and onlyobtainable by mail "Write forit today.n fa m 1 1 Ch iLt J 1 1TO WINTER PDBBUBSEBS!If you are looking for a goodSuit or Overcoat vat reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, here is the placeto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Over'coats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we aieordering them as a special inducement for ''TSB12.98mms'riitfthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in. thehome t nan clear, steady light. Insurothis by jrettincr the oil that barnsclear antl rloan without a flickerdown to the lat drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Oors no moti than the inferioitnnkwason oils saves MONEY savesWO R K frvm ey e.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Sioil Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We tell the celebrated "NoCarb"Auto Oil.258.000 sheep. For the corresponding ; ed from rains and dew Put some liceperiod of last year the receipts atthese markets were 1,269,000 cattle,3,845,000 hogs and 2,024,000 sheep;showing a loss of 123,000 cattle, a lossof 202,00 hogs and a gain pi 234,000sheep.MAKE MONEY RAISING HOGS.in their second year. A flock of agedhens like these would be money-wak-ers.But then Cornell does rarely finework along poultry lines.It seems impossible to give anything like a definitely exact quantityof ration for a flock of fowls. Thematter depends so much on the individual bird, his size, age, the temuerature of his house and other things.Perhaps the best rule for all classesis to give all the food of the properkind that the bird wll eat up greedly wthout grown g over-fat. Grt andwater should be always before thefowls the water beng fresh.What causes blood rings in eggs?They are the result of the development of the embryo of a fertile eggwhich" has been subjected to heat andits subsequent death in the shell.The time is at hand when the oldrHnn fVot a flnnlr nf hpns must havepowder in the dust box. unlimited range will be exploded. ItTobacco stems cut fine and put in has been found to Dte a fact that hensthe bottom of the setting boxes make .kept in confinement will if carefullyrni, k attended and Druueny aLteuueu auuAre you using hens to mother yourbroods? It is not a bad idea. But inputting chicks with a mother hen arrange not to have them of variousages and sizes. The larger ones willcrowd out the littlier ones and stunttheir growth. Besides, the big oneswill roam too far and too fast for thewee ones. Do everything with brains.Soon the fowls will be running outall day. Do not forget the dust bath.Keep it in a dry place that is protectWe also .have a full line of Schloss Bros.' guaranteed-tailored Suits for $15 to $25 Emerson Shoes at $4'nd $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise can be had at a price thatwill please your pocket-book.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEFT.L. WoHstein, Proprietor.rjyirccPILES! PILES! PILESiWILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMEr"Will cure Blind, Bieedinjr and Itching Fait absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 81WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, 01L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.There is a shortage of meats thatis world wide at present. Prices arehigher. It is time for the farmer totake a greater advantage of his opportunities in the way of meat production. In this connection it way as wellbe understood that the man who buyshis hogs and feeds them will not makep, great deal on the transaction. The'first consideration of the hog raiseris to grow his own feed. Breedinghis own animals is the second.Get rid of the rundown, wornoutbreeds if you have hogs of that character. To make money on porkersgrow the 200, 300 and 400-pound animals. Stringy, razor-backed, rangyanimals will eat as much feed as themore compact hogs 'that' turn feed into money.iARE THE PIGS IMMUNE.Pies from immune swos will inheritu certain amount of immunity fromtheir motners, eauugui w iutiiP.m from cholera for a varied periodafter birth. When the pigs are about'?, month old it would be well to givethem a small dose of serum, 10 to 15cc, this is to be followed oy tneserumvirus (double) treatment whenthey have been weanea ano weigufrom forty to fifty pounds. Thedouble treatment given earlier doesno harm to the pigs, but the immunitygiven very young pigs is not alwayslasting. By waiting until the pigs areolder, permanent immunity will bepractically assured by the doubletreatment.Gurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)"3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits!A Share of fchs PuWc Pal:romct SoJfcfced.Got AnyDEFECTS?SORES. BURNS,SCALDS, BRUISES.CHAPPED HANDSAND UPS, TETTER,ECZEMA?Do you really want to heal it? Bad enough tospend 25c? Then go to too store and buy abox o! DR. BELL'SAntiseptic SalveIt is snow -white and snow pure and It itdoesn't do the work, get your money bacfc"Tell It By The Ben"For Sale by All Druggists.a good disinfectant.stems should be covered with cleanstraw. Cigar factories always havewaste stems on hand and they can bebought for almost nothing.Don't becontent to set eggs of "anysort," such as are to be had at theregular markets or at regular marketprices. The result is quite sure toragged army of mixed breeds withno uniformity in size, color, shape orbirds, or size or shape of eggs"barnyard chickens."Green cut bone may be fed to littlechickens after they are four weeksold. Earlier than that it is too stimulating. Do not forget that sour milk, buttermilk, curds or skim milk make excellent food for fowls.Do not skimp the water supply, nomatter how- much milk you have onhand. Milk is food -and is good. Water is drink and every creature needsit in abundance. That is why it isfree.Too many people believe that a fewlice on chickens is nothing to worryover; tnat it is natural ana maicesthem forget they are chickens. Butlice and mites do more than suck thelifeblood from the hens; they suckthe contents of your fattest pocketbook while they are doing it. Getwise and get busy before summertime brings its quota of these pests.Get ready to feed less corn andmore of the lighter grains, such asbuckwheat and oats. Corn is tooheating in summer.If you coul donee persuade peoplethat "four and twenty blackbirds baked in a pie" make good eating, wecould save a lot of seeds and grain inthe chicken yard.Gather eggs at least once daily.Keep in a cool (not cold) dry place.See that all nests are kept clean.Theres hould never be a soiled ordirty egg in a nest, but if by chanceone is found there, wash it at onceor wipe it with a soft, tepid cloth wetwith alcohol.Soft-shelled eggs may usually betraced to a derangement of the digestive apparatus and this may come fromthe excessive use of condiments, orrich foods used to force egg production.fed lay more eggs than hens on arange.t -TO IT OR JUST "IT?"Washington Post.)If it's a question of reward,shouldn't the Colonel be appointed tothe Supreme Court?OUR WEEKLY NOVELETTE.The Bargain.Isn't it sad thatPoor William PennGot not more landFrom the dusky red men?W WBaaBBW FF immmmmmv immy mmmmmmmmmw mymyParis Odorless Cleaning Co. tLet us Make that Last Winter's" Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.AW Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.mmmL. oc N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913William Penn had been arguing fortwo hours in his famous treaty withthe Indians, and no settlement wasyet in sight. The Indians, whoseemed to have come from the territory where the New England Stateswere to be in later years were shrewdfSee Anchovy Schmidt's "How ThingsLooked in Pre-Colonial Days.")Finally Chief Pug Nose took another chew of tobacco and spoke hisultimatum. (See Isadore Dinky's"Language of the Red Men.")"Us want heap big ten dollar goldpiece seven cases heap hot fire water,two dozen hand knit neckties and for-tv-o.fmtsin chance." he grunted. "iLndif you no like that, you can lump it.Ugh!" .Penn threw up his hanas in aespair.. Bnt, as they were fallingdtfwn again Penn had the idea of hisiif mis wife's hens had outdonethemselves that week.)"Listen, O copper-faced brothers!Eggs are eighty cents a dozen again.It's an outrage, but 'tis so. For theheap insignificant State of Pennsylvana, I will give thee eight 'entire,fresh eggs, and with them throw infor good measure four strings of purnlfi and creen beads. Isn't a bargain,6 dusky kinsmen?""Tis!" cried the Indians in onebreath.And thus the swap was made.Only, the reporter who came to William Penn for the story that eveninggot his notes twisted and made mention only of his beads, and as beadsit has gone down 'into history.THE END.No.3413429T1040373123326259138385398WheniyotffeelZ ,PILLS. They renew the normal vigor armake life worth, living. Be sure and ask fMott's Nerverine Pills 5&tWILUAM5 MFG7 CO., PrH.. Clvlrf, OhL. Obwdorfer, Druffiat. Paris, Ky..-It is no longer taken for grantedthat what our fathers told us is absolutely the last word in breeding.Scientific investigation has- alteredmany olden vews. We used to saythat no hen was valuable after hersecond year, but now and' then wecome across hens two years or over.which set the pace for younger onesin egg production. It is in the breedand the individual bid. ;Two Cornellhens! both of which were more 'thanI two years old, produce over 200 eggsHigh school boys at East Liverpool, O., have cut laundry bills bywearing rubber collars and calicoshirts. ""THE MOTHERS' FAVORITEA cough medicine for childrenshould be harmless.- It should bepleasant to take. It should be effectual. Chamberlain's Qough Remedyis all of this atfd the mothers' favoriteeverywhere. For sale by all dealers.(March)., (adv)Trains .A.rrivPROM 'i-Atlanta, Ga., Daily . 5:21 amvLexington, Ky., Daily 5:18 aiakCynthiana.-Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y .7:35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday :...- 7:38 anRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45-am .Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:42am.Cincinnati, O., Daily 9:3SamMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ; 10:20 aaLexington, Ky., Daily 10:15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10:24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12s& mCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . , . S:ie potMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:15 putLexington, Ky Daily 3:33 pKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:30pmMaysville, Ky., Daily ,. 5:35pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50pra.Lexington, Ky., Daily '. 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:23 pra31 Cincinnati, ., Daily 10:50 pmTrains IDe-pstrt , v 2No. TO34 Cincinnati, O., Daily ., 5:28am-,4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:35 am7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .' 7:50 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9:43am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily : 9:45am33 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily .. . 10:29 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:27am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily 12:05pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday v.. . c .-. 12: 04 am13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3 : 33 m38 Cincinnati, O., Daily -. 3:40 pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:56 pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily e:pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . , 6:25 pm30 Cynthiana. Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:40pm31 Lexington. Ky., Daily 10:55pm131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:57pmNo.24No.13Trains .A.rrrveFROMFrankfort, Ky.-, Daily Except Su nd&y ". 7:4a:?Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday $:5tprTrains IDeart - -TO --..'-. , -Franklcf ort Ky., Daily Bxcpt Sm miay '. . . . V. . V. A : HFranlcfort, Ky .Daily Except Sunday , . f :S ;i.4v-V-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 17, 1914.m oott8itMtmmnn ! 04RED BALLA nice spoon in each package.Roasted and packed frest everyday. Insist upon this brand.For sale by all Grocers.CERTIFIED CHECKClosed in Sanitary sealed car-tons. Costs less. Worth more.Save the Coupons.COFFE EFor Sale by all Grocers.g3QQSQg0gaS3SftWeM IISHAL.BERRY-WIGGINS.HSse Nettie Berry and Mt. Frank"Wiggins, "both, of this city, "were anar2ried Ittday afternoon, at 4 o'clock, byJJsdge C A. McMillan.FOR SALE.iGSIke and Red Clover Seeds, Timothy tSeed; also choice Northern"Wkt Seed Oats; high germination.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.17-3 rks.FOR THE LADIES.A full line of suits and coats, all thelatest " designs, at Simon's.IN 1914.FEBRUARY AND MARCH SALEOne of our specials duringour bigsale is a child's beautiful white cribbed -at $3.75.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER &CO.SKIRTS AND DRESSESSkirts and dresses at Simon's.ATTENTION, KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.There will be a ealled conclave ofCouer de Lion Commandery No. 26,Knights Templar, Wednesday evening, March 18, at 7:30 o'clock to confer the order of the temple. A largeattendance is earnestly requested.Bring your uniform.F. P. WALKER, E. CM. H. H. DAVIS, Recorder.The henpecked man who has tohold the" baby while mamma washesthe dishes doesn't need all the sympathy. There s the poor dub whohasn't any children and whose wife"Colonel Yardberry is an old timer,3sn't he?" remarked the Indiana man.CTbnnll1 OOTT ll a woo" f PTfAfl tVObjo-man. "Why, he can remember makes him water the gold fish, feedhon vou could purchase a drink in tne canary anu launuei uie yuuuieKentucky -t while she peroxides 1 count em? ' 71 hairs left in her Crowning Beauty.NEWS OF MILLERSBURG,s i!IBORLAND'SThe Home of Good Wall Papera w :-New Location 514 Main Street"'New Parlors Ideal LightNew Papers Exquisite DesignsNew Ideas Up to the MinuteNew Prices The Very Lowest,,, x yLOOK US UP "Next to Jvlrs. Mamie Parker, opp. Fordham Hotel3 Everything in Wall Paper from Cheapest to BestTELEPHONE 1599Miss Irene Tackett is visitingfriends at Paris.Mrs. Emma Long returned Fridayafter a visit to Miss Lula Long, at jGeorgetown.Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre willentertain this evening in honor ofMr. and Mrs. A. J. Thaxton.Several from here attended thefuneral of Mr. George M. Huff at Carlisle, Sunday afternoon.Mr. John Shy, who has been illfor several weeks, was taken to St.Joseph Hospital, in Lexington, Friday. -The Ladies' Aid Society of theBaptist church gave a pie and candy jsalo at the Exchange Bank Saturday.A nice little sum was realized.There will be an entertainmentby the student body of the PublicSchool at the school building Wednesday , beginning at 2 p. m. It will consist of readings, monologue and music. Public cordially invited.Major W. C. Owens, of Louisville,arrived Friday to be present at thefuneral of his nephew, Mr. C. E. Bryan, Satnrday. He will probably remain here until Mr. Bryan's affairsare adjusted, as he is the lawful heir.The annual reception of the Juniors and Seniors of the M. F, C. willbe held Friday evening. There willbe more than twenty in the receivingline, and the occasion promises to beone of the brilliant events of theseason.THE SICK. Robert, the little son of Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Chanslor, is improving nicely. Mr. J. J.Peed and Mrs. J H Burroughs arealso improving.Miss Wilsa Lynnc Ammerman is somewhat better. Mrs.Russell Mitchell is improving slowly.Mrs. James Thome continues aboutthe same.The Ladies' Missionary Society ofthe Methodist church gave a silk teaFriday afternoon at the home of Mrs.sandwiches were .served. Candy wassold. A neat little sum was realized.Piano and phonograph music washeard, during the hours. The afternoon was delightfully spent. The social part of the meeting was one ofof the pleasant features of the occasion. Mr. Charles E. Bryan, aged 44,died at the Taylor House after a briefillness, about 7:30 p. m. Thursday.Mr. Bryan was a bachelor ancf occupied rooms in the Bryan flat, the property belonging to him, and took hismeals at the Taylor House. Forquite a long time he has been a sufferer from stomach, trouble, which,in most every attack, brought on asympathetic heart trouble. For thepast three months he seemed to be infailing, health, and many of hisfriends did not regard him as beinglong for this world. Tuesday eveninghe was seized with a light attack withhis stomach and went to his physicianfor medicine. Wednesday morninghe felt better but after eating his dinner at the Taylor House Wednesdayafternoon, just as he was leaving hehouse he was seized with another attack and fell. He was at once takento a room in the house and his physician, Dr. W. G. Dailey, summoned.Coupled with this attack there wasalso a slight stroke of paralysis.From the time he was stricken hecontinued to grow worse until the end.Mr. Bryan had resided In Millersburgduring his entire life, and was theonly son of the late Mr. and Mrs. G.W. Bryan, both of whom preceded himto the grave about eight and tenyears ago. He was a member of oneof the most prominent families inCentral Kentucky, and was a man offine intellect. He owned considerable property in Millersburg, and hasbut few relatives, the nearest of kinbeing Major W. C. Owens, of Louisville, who was elected to Congressfrom the Seventh district in 1896,serving one term, and unless he hasleft a will, "Mr. Owens will inherit hisproperty. However, rumor has itthat he has left a will, and his estatewill go to his second cousin, Mrs. C.W. 'Corrington, of whom he was veryfond and she of him. Mrs. G. W. Bryan, mother of the deceased, died atSt. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington,while his father died at the Good Samaritan Hospital in Cincinnati. Allthree members of the Bryan household were interred in the Millersburgcemetery from the home of Mr. andMrs. C. W. Corrington. This is rathera remarkable coincidence. Mr. andMrs. Corrington were very fond ofthe entire family, and at all timesin their afflictions their deepest sympathies went out to them. Not onlyis this true but they did what theycould to alleviate their sufferings andconstantly with them in sickness.Since the death of Mr. and Mrs. G. W.Bryan Mr. C. E. Bryan has sufferedmore than one attack, and at all suchtimes was taken to the home of Mr.and Mrs. Corrington, where he waslovingly and tenderly cared for. Thisis something that is commended byall who know these good people, andwhen the scroll of life is rolled up,and they have passed their mantlesto other shoulders there surely will bemany stars in their crown.There will be a regular meetingof Amity Lodge No. 40, F. & A. M.,Tuesday evening. At the last meeting of the Grand Lodge of Kentucky,a committee was appointed to compilea history of the Kentucky lodges. Inpursuance of the ordinance of theGrand Lodge Amity Lodge appointeda committee at the recent meeting forthe purpose of preparing a history ofAmitl Lodge. It is especially urgedthat all the older members of thelodge be present, and. come prepearedto give us something relating to theearly history of Amity Lodge.Mrs. Wm. T. Thome, aged 69,died at her home Monday about 4 a.m., after a ten days' illness of pneumonia. Mrs. Thome had been a delicate woman the latter part of her life.She with her husband resided in theColville neighborhood, where she was,born and had spent her entire life.She was a Miss Wilson, and was married early in life to Mr. William T.j Thome. This union Was blessed withjone daughter, who is now Mrs. John1R. Fisher. Mr. and Mrs. Fisher, with'two little daughters, Mabel andGladys, reside in the Thorne home.She is also survived by four sisters,Mrs. Wm. Long, of King's Mountain;Mrs. Margaret Cook and Mrs. JesseEndicott, of the neighborhood, andMiss Laura Wilson, who resided withher sister, Mrs Long, at Kings Mountain. Mrs. Thorn united with theBaptist Church when quite a youngwoman, and for more than fifty yearsshe has been an active member of theIndian Creek Church. She was a loving wife, a devotPd mother and crandmother, a true friend and a devoutChristian, and will be missed by allwho knew her. The funeral will takeplace this afternoon from her late residence, and will be conducted by herpastor, Rev. Smith, of Georgetown, assisted by Rev. A. S. Venable, of thePresbyterian Church, at MillersburgInterment in the Millersburg Cemetery.. Dr. M. H. Dailey and family, 0fParis, were guests of Dr. and Mrs. wG. Dailey, Sunday.Rev. J. D. Redd, of the Methodist Church, and Dr. C. C. Fisher, ofthe M .F. C, were in Frankfort Monday in the interest of the State-wMtprohibition billMiss Jessie Kenv of Maysvflle,arrived Satnrday as the guest of herfather, Mr. E. H. Kerr, and family.Messrs. Bert McClitock, W. D.Mclntyre, of Millersburg:. and Mr. w'G. McClitock, of Paris, visited Mr!Henry Caywood at North Middletown,Sunday. They found him improvingnicely.Mr. John Merringer andxfamily,of Paris, were guests Sunday of Mr.and Mrs. Joe Williams.Mr. W. E. Baldwin has the contract for scraping the streets of Millersburg and work began Monday.Messrs. D. E. Clarke, E. C. Hawkins, Aaron McConnell and R. M.Caldwell witnessed third degree work. in the Masonic Lodge at Carlisle Monday night, at which time the third degree was conferred on Mr. OllieSnapp,Mr. and Mrs. T. T. Bently visitedrelatives at Mt. Olivet Sunday andMonday.I t A' ' OP OUR GREAT fi? 1If m mm m m m m a mm vsm Ai i a Ba iff' Jf IafffflFRIENDS, SCHEMERS.FUN ANDEXTRAVAGANCE WILL GET ITUNLESS YOU PUT IT INTO THEorTHE FINAL CUT-..0The balance of our Winter Footwear t ogether with medium weightshoes, must be sold to make roomfor our enormous stock of Springgoods. Some of our great bargains:.Men's Best Made Shoes.. jl $3.50Men's Bench-Made Shoes - .. 2.99Men's Gun Metal Shoes .. L 1.99Boys' Gun Metal Shoes 1.49!Ladies' Custom Made Shoes $2.99Ladies' Gun Metal, Shoes, button... .2:49Ladies' Patent Shoes, button :.. 1,199Ladies' Gun Metal Shoes 1.49Ladies' Pumps in All Colors and Styles at the Lowest Pricesffffc - -Friends are few. Those so-called fair-weather friendswho borrow your money are in the same class with theschemer who tries to get you to invest it in -wild-cat enterprises. The temptation to spend your money while youhave it in YOUR POGKET is very great YOUR MONEYis your "best friend." When it is in our bank it is SAFE. Noone wants his bank balance to grow smaller.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapital, $i00,000.00.J. M. HALL. PresidentSurplus, $40,GC0.Q0.C. K. THOMAS.CASHIERr6asn Always Gets tneBest, at Lowest Prices!Potatoes, fancy Northern Stock, per pk. 30cPotatoes, fancy Northern Stock, per bn. $1.00, Navy Beans, ber lb 5cKidney Beans, per lb - 8 l-3cTomatoes, per can v. . .' ; 10c3 cans Standard Corn '. . .; 25cSweet Potatoes, per can ". 10c3 packages Gold Metal Oats 25c2 large size Mackerel 1 15c3 large size packages Maccaroni 25c6 bars Octagon Soap , . .v 25c.6 bars Clean-Easy Soap 25c7 bars Lenox Soap 25c20 lbs. best Eastern Sugar. $1. 00(With a three dollar purchase)Stone's Silver Slice Cakes received fresh daily.-Order early and your order will be delivered on time. -T. C. LEINIHAN,I. . CJ-I.BY THE OLD 'RELIABLE HOUSEITCash Grocery.Roth Phones 234MMIftrrk TEJT TCP TVT 1Hm mm. m""v -V, "