. " . w1- -" "" ' ' Hl HP 'MHk - rar-HK:a 'MB ;, IWu U -iSf - ---4l infill - . ia?i - c -IHffeLUME XXXII . ' ' PARIS, KENTUCltY, lAY, JAAICti, 1914 . . C ' V ""' ; f;r '"' ItDREST OFFEHnm CMTIQC QCRlui '.LiniiiLULnlSm -Grades Exclusively onSlobfs of Local Ware-.house YesterdayCONSIDERED FAIR SALEAverage of $12.48 Made on15665 Pounds SoldOther Sales.Witajfthe poorest grade of toTiaceom that Haul-. eTer been on the floors of"the Bjrbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.,compbjitng- the principal offerings atthe scbnd sale smce the postponeiHent for, the holidays, yesterday'ssale was -remarkable in many respects. . A total of 115,665 poundswere sold for ?14,446.09, or an average of;j$12.48 per hundred pounds.Not since the opening of the wareliouee company's plant ha3 therebeen a lower grade of tobacco consigned. It was made up almost exclusively jof the most inferior grades,but iitii all things considered it was,according to the management, thebest sale of the season.Throughout the entire day biddingwas spirited, the buyers being veryactive in competition for the tobaccoof the cheaper grades, and as a resultthe consignees were highly pleasedwith the praces obiained.A characteristic which has markedevery sale "prevailed yesterdayMn thatthere were very few rejections, boththe buyers, and sellers, being highlypleased, the latter in the price andthe former in the product secured.The beet average of the day wasmade on a croj) consigned by , J. W.Wright, which -went for $19.59 perhundred.Notwithstanding the fact that verylittle of the better grades of tobaccoliave been offered during the entireseason, the house average has held upremarkably well throughout. Thegrowers who have the best grades oftobacco in their barns seem inclinedto wait until further in the seasonibefore putting it on the market, andas . result the floors in previoussales have been full of the lower-quality. The prices yesterday rangedas high as $25 for a quantity of tobacco inferior to the medium grades,wMle.' a -Gumber3fo -sskets- -wont? 'for520 per Hundred. Following aresome of the crp averages:Adair & Perkins, 1,210 pounds, average, 18.12. ;C. H. KustejTf 3'870 pounds, average, 16.46.It. V,7. Thompson, 1,200 pounds, average, $15.62. ' - .Thompson & Webb, 7,0l5 pounds,average, $13.13.. -Ardery & Earlyvjine, 2,150 pounds,average, $16.12. '-' J. L. Horton, 8,345 pounds, average,515.697 "ifarr & Wilson, -5,580 pounds, average, $15.04. "vTarr & Sweeney, 2,315 pounds, average, $15.07.John !tf. Claj 3,660 pounds, average, $14.17.John W. Wright, 1,425 "pounds, average, $19.59. t KHumphreys & Becraft, 2,130 poundsaverage, $16.60. . !Waggoner .& Klump, 5,030 , pounds,-average, 1.13.77. VHouston & Thomas, .1,475 pounds,average, $15.79..m Receipts , at the -r local warehouseyesterday afternoon were heavy ' andindications-point t5;a full'floor for thenext sale, which will be held Saturday. ' "TUESDAY'S SALE. 'The Bourbon Tobacco company soldTuesday 143,075 pounds of tobacco"for $18,15549, an average of $12.69.The atyerage .of Tuecday's " sale wasonly 3 cents Imver thhn the averageat the closing sale before Christmasand the quality was conceded by allto be much below that of the formersale, many placing the 'difference atmore than $4 per hundred. The market was asatisfactory one and rejections were" very few.LEXINGTON.About 700,000 pounds of tobaccowere sold on the Lexington marketdaeiday with :prices J, ranging ashigh as $31 a. hundred pounds. Thequality of the offerings was practically unchanged. The market was-strong, with prices a little higher,'Ihe demand for the good grades of redod" colory being . somewhat . better,"-whilethe cheaper tobaccp held 'up.wall.CARLISLE. ,. .Carlisle tobacco market was firni"Wjtsday. One hundred thousandjSa-ds were sold, prices ranging.Wp to $35 pr hundred.MT. STERLING.. -About 240,000 pounds s of - tobaccoiffmn sold- Wednerday at" prices rang, ic from two to twenty-one and a half'' YitirffT Red. tobacco showed an up". imitk tendancy. Market active andMoiy more in evidence. 'SHBLBYVILLi:.TImttch&r pricesvhidi kave;pm-vU.' - ( .-.' Vx .--'-- -r -xfi.vaOMt mmtttft MUteyrI HIIllBBIIllBIl n T P-PI " ri I I 111 k jHHMBbmimi i V V .V - - . .. - -. . . . .-,- ft B7iiA m fflUNAL KQ M-HHA N N jr" . - ? i-plluihb.., ...-l:J-rU ' II I 111! Illll I III .' - '.,. H as;aa a i . .pi v -pHARRIS-BAST.Miss Rosamond Harris and Mr.Rufus E. East, both, .qf J?iqua, O.,came, to this city Wednesday, and after procuring a 'marriage license, wereuniteuNm marriage by Judge Denis JDundon, in his private office in thelcoiut house.ADDAMS-MOORE.-aiiss Anna May Addams and Mr.Thomas E. Moore, Jr., were marriedat the home of the bride's parents,Mr. and Mrs, 'William Addams, atPike street and Elmarch avenue, inCynthiana, Tuesday morning, Dec.30, at 9:30 o'clock. The ceremonywas said by Rev. "W.,E. Hllis, pastorof the Paris Christian church.Only members of thjB immediatefamilies were present., 'The bride, a bright and winsomegirl, wore a handsome tailr.oed suitand black hat and corsage bouquet oflilies of the valley..-Mr. and Mrs. Moore left on the 10o'clock train for Florida, and on returning, will reside for a while atHazard, Ky., where Mr. Moore's busines interests call him.The groom is a son of Capt. andMrs. T. E. Moore, formerly of .Shawhan, but for a number of years pastresidents of Lexington. He is a lawyer and was formerly county attorney of this county.TAULrGORHAM.The marriage of Miss Lillie Tauland Mr. Thos. Gorham, of Nicholascounty, was celebrated in this cityTuesday afternoon. Rev. J. S. Sims,pastor of the Paris Methodistchurch, in the presence of a few witnesses. The bride was becomingly gownedin a blue tailored suit with white hatand gloves. She is the daughter ofthe late Mr. Thomas Taul and Mrs.Sallie Taul, of Carlisle, and is a veryprepossessing young lady.Mr. Gorham is a prosperous youngfarmer of Nicholas county, and isvery popular with a large circle offriends. After a brief wedding; tripMr. and Mrs. Gorham will return toCarlisle, where they will reside permanently. -LEXINGTON MERCHANT KILLED'BY FALL THROUGH SHAFT.Mr. Stanley Milward, of the undertaking firm of W. R. Milward &. Sons,of Lexington, one ut the best-knownmen in Central Kentucky was instanly killed at 7:20 o'clock Wednesday morning when in an , attack of dizziness he fell through the elevatorshaft of the firm's building from thethird, to the first fldor.There, was no sign of life in thebody as it was lifted from the elevator fipciV'ExamihatiohK gho'aredje-.the.skuh nau"oeem rractureQana merewere other injuries to the body.Mr. Milward was at work with acrew of men packing and preparingsome1 furniture for shipment which;had- been stored in the third floor ofthe 'building. The men say that Mr.Milward complained of biliousnessand of having been nauseated at hisstomach during the night.He sent one of his crew downstairs ito bring up a wagon on the elevator, and was standing near the openshaft, when without warning, heswayed over the edge, lost his balance and fell. .He struck tlie floor of the elevator,which was standing two stories below, on his head and feet,- his bodybeing bent. One foot was forcedthrough the flooring breaking a largehole in the planks. In striking onhis head, the skull above the templeand at theside of the forehead wascrushed in. " ,Mr. Milward was born in Lexington. He attended the Lexingtonschools and Kentucky University, asit was then called, and had since hiscollege days been associated with hisfather and brother in the undertaking business.About twenty-one years ago Mr.Milward was married 'to Miss BessieFeatherstone, of Fayette county, fourchildren resulting from 'the union, being Miss Annie, Miss Margaret, William R. III. and Stalley, Jr."He. is survived also b his fatherand mother and by his brothers, Wil-lianu-R.,Jr., with whom and his fatteer he was associated in business;John Bright Milward, now in SouthAlUClittt, Aixu uuo aiotciATx-o. uc.amA --. a! --. ami? ".-. -k rNf M IVY-- ".- 13 IAndres de Haseth,of Seattle, Wash.CITY AND COUNTY OFFICERSTO BE INSTALLED- MONDAY;; The city and county officials elected at the November election will beinstalled next MonQay, when, according to law, they will take the oathoftheir respective offices jand assumetheir duties the first Monday in January. market Wednesday, wnen " 159,010pounds were sold at an averageof $12.30 per hundred.- Prices ranged from $2.50 to $30.FRANKFORT.A total of 115,010 pounds of tobaccowere sold Wednesday.-' The averagewas $12.75. The prices ranged from2 to'21 cents. 7 vCYNTHIANA.The Cvnthiana tobacco market -on-:Wednesday sold atptal of ; 19100pounds at .an average of $12.38. Prices-are showing an 'upward tendency. vRICHMOND;One 'hundredthopwid pounds, of tob&oc1 Vece 9MyM$di&&Hfrt Cpri-ceavara;ii?ma Fpunajjin2 MEXICAN TOWNSl- . ... & c- : '3K42Ji , i I ' 31?-t , :-3-i - " jri '. i - -ci--k- B. HOiiriflPA SJcpnp nf RlnoHv Car J- 1 ma&a ene OX irJiOOay -ar-rnage In Fierce BattleDuring Night.SLAINJWounded Cuoss Border andImplore HelprMay Give"OpToU.S.PRESIDO, TEX., Jan. 1. The battle of Ojlnaga, Mexico, between thenorthern division of the Federal armyand rebels continued this morning,after having been in progress all thenight.Five or six hundred Federals hadalready been killed and the numberof the wounded will be far in excessof that number.Horrifying sights were, witnesseionthe American side -before daylight.Wounded soldiers with H shatteredarms, legs shot off, and injuries thatJater proved fatal, struggled throughthe river, and pleaded with the American soldiers for help.All the physicians and medicalsupplies available here were placedat the service of the disabled Fadfir-als. Before daylight more than 20oiwounded had sought relief on thisside., Some of them were so badly injuredthat they begged Uie American soldiers to kill them.From the war-scarred little villageof Ojinaga, back a mile from the RioGrande river, appeared to be an endless tide of the wounded.Federal deserters also came to theriver in great numbers, indicatingthat the bulk of Huerta's army wasdisposed to give up. "All the deserters who were not wounded, however,were disarmed on this side and sentback by Major McNamee, commanding the United States border patrol.Major McNamee has more than 300guns which he took from deserters.During the night the groaning ofthe wounded on the battlefield on theopposite side 'of the river could beheard by the American cavalrymen.The firing in the darkness seemed, to.be heaver than it haoSbeen.All women,, children and non-com-batahtsof Oiinasra came to the riveralid vwere alcehSto'-thexue- nine iveu jross ueauquarcerson this side, t where the Federalwounded, are, being cared for, now isas active as a field hospitaKon a battlefield. FIGHTING AT NUEVOLAREDO, TEX., Jan. 1.-I-AREDQ.Mexicanrebels renewed their skirmishing ontne outskirts of Neuvo Laredo anhour . before dawn. Several hundredshots . were-fired. Preliminary fighting for possession of the town, garrisoned by about 2,000 Federals, hadbegun soon after midnight. Lulls inthe fgling were frequent. Soonafter the beginning at 'the hostilitieshomes ou the. American side of theborder that might be within line offire were deserted.ARMY MAY GIVE UP TO U. S.PRESIDIO, TEX., Jan. J. (Bulletin) The surrender of the whole Mexican Federa"! army to the UnitedStates troops is momentarily exnected. 'Major McNamee, commanding theborder .patrol, so advised the UnitedStates authorities today. 'A message addressed by Major McNamee' to Gen. Hugh L. Scott- at ElPaso says:"Heavy artillery firing continues-!in and about Ojinaga. Several hundred women and --children have comeacross an J are7 under coyer of thisside. ."I am. still driving the Federalsback, first disarming them. JIave. V,rt-H floe orirl TUr arms and ammunition. Expect atI tuij blULXU UUIIU5 IUQ 11ALIU 1lXO.b bUCgreater part" of -the Federalarmyrpossibly 2.000 or .3,000, may be forcedto cross 'th river. I have made disposition to disarm and hold trfem ifthis takes .place." .LEX'lNGTON DAJLYPASSES INTOLEADERNEW HANDS.The.- Lexington Leader, "the eldestand most influential Republican dailynewspaper iu'XventuuKy, aicer morethan twenty-five years under the sameownership and management, hayingbeen founded4 onMay 1, 1888, "and, forso many years ably edited by-the. lateSamuel Judson Robertst' with yesterday's issue passes ,inft. new hands.If recently jvas acquired, by a syndicate of capitalists, "fiea;ded tiffi-lLC.Stoll an his brother RepresentativeJohn R. Stoll, which assumed, activecharge'. ' N -Harry Giovannoli, who for a ,numberpf years past has been connectedwith the Internal Revenue -Departmentat Washington, is if s lie ed-Itor-iUTCliiefand -'general manager.James 'M. Ross wilIfContipuef -man-1aging editor rand the prefeent' Ancientforce wili .lVe.jetaind $s - ' ,sThpolicy v-.of ;hfepr wUl, v conf --?! . . .f? -I -mmmti' , " - -,.. ,!.- -i rto - ' - pwwvBp.fiy " Pi4W -fl--w - l aei ----i A-------. .-. - - T - ?. -- - - -t Jfc . m w t i. HM- Hr'. Mf- -iflBS: ''.. ", ':'-'-.' . . .:.... . V',,.I4 -i. t-&?. . ... , - ., -the- -S2-:J And if you;'j'V;aTg' '.'.' 'JEMil'Lr-' ' -v2jS All Wool OvasQate1'X- rthat -are wellm.VMitchell & Blakemore,RITtte Store for Men's StylesI?&km.1:ii!faJMMMW&0RMX&MtiM.VM.WWL MfflBtiffiMMKMUMKKINMMiM Hk HfciHkjMk A$viiCMtiiiiinnninwc4:itiuiT,itriniiiiuiiiunn!!iHunu!:FRANK & CO.fgpnt ... y ' - - 5 f - . IP W"-- ' t -f - v- K - tS&aSfi: ' ' ' V V --m t 7T& take .this niethqd of thanking; oiir t S 'm I ' .. A Friends and Patrons for their lib- X fif -0k ' c . ' , SB . - :t r'jp j erai paLr.uiibigc, iui tne pass scasuii, ctiiu. JT. iI . wish. all . a prosperous . and . iiappy New, vWt ifft T ' ..Yearf ' VV.';J; .. - .j ;';. ttlHIj. . : ? ; -V - - V r. r : fc Very spectfull - 1 Jf " f ( 'S l'X-:Al. ' FRANKS C&0. '" f M V tS 1 ' & soMv '',. W- , LAzWk -u- - . . - . .. ,':- ., '- H- v- .- -' ' '. '' ' " S -H - ' Ii N : .- - i-; V" -" 5.'":f -i - -rCfc; : i -- -- ''i' - rK - I,& mnynum mwtmmHinmmiHumm iiiiiiiiiiiiiihiimiihi n imimnmwmmmmpmmL?WB ;v . -V !A9BiJ j "-'", T ? S " ' f if w j '." W . ---------l--" ..-vtf'53?"- y-s, "' :. ,4 C .- - '" ' ' . - . iiiCold. Wintervr WreatRenMas wJust Commencedhave not boughtvthat heavywinter overcoat which you certainly need, come -nowand. get Busy at this store witfv one of otir ,Suits of Clothesmade, hand-finished fastthe right style, for a price that will make yqu satisfied with your purchase. . Woolen Underwear inunon suits and the two-piece garments, the kind,?that will keep you warm. : - --;?" Tlhe Store Where Reliability Reigns.-4wJFhl. .i m . jl !-- Ic. ,-T& aS1B' Vtysuit or.yotuv'?. SLs- ficolors. and'.is-- -Paris, Kentuckyr-ii5SttfnniLMitnMwjiwfiiiMHiiiHiiiinmiimtii p-"-f - - r- i;'Sri,Mt'fAA-rimm4ttfop t1a- JJkM '"tin1lfe'w5o5.tinuloBpu biican'. . : 91; U,: &5 .-'- f- r- -st-T-K--f- - z- - - Tv.?fflA: :- '-- $;3$47? ;:1 si&- j?tr.?-?vipr',sJht'si,;... ,jJK-j-fBAePHi''!33-Rff'" ,iSfe-jV''--a2' x. WF 33M.:?.' : '&" x? jsa-irr ."t.t -1 ."f'J J .- - Xvijy,;. .JB' , . . Hac3il.. 1- P,J .f-.Jk.,,. -. ,f' -i9i rr tWt ' ju. B r-ti-jT .oJffr .; -B-r.,Bar; : ,-i: . f ---r -------1'". 7 '"':- y ' -. .,-A'i "i'-;r-' " "i.ia A, ... 1uCCIk. '" i ';.'.' . .finJMyki - . J-flH-lapv- "ffi1 i 1 1 -11 'ivr-&JVJkmPILESI PILESIhlESlWILLIAMS TOMAN PILE OVtTMErTW nt BU, Weeding aid ItehlB Su3fc cr V the tmaors, allays It okiagt obrtf!a-plcergiros IeUt re&rf.or sale fcjr U druggists, mail SOc ad fiRJUAMS MFC CO., Pr.OeveUM, CML. Obardorfer, Druaglst, Paris, Ky.nun a aimOwnnnhcatioHw piipiyu"a cure, wzeraa,ISLU siua diseaseTtrv.Sead for freeJOHNSTON.1730 Spriwc fcrtwsoothes aad heals a roughjwnearepeatedjqiUcklyeffects. Vrropeias, letter, Ulcers aad 1yreia 10 ks curative properties. I. it a irrmggtsis, Icuaple m4 fcoek. "Health and BeMttr " 1. HOLLOWAV A CO 1t PMte Pa. MProtect Your HomeAnVI -Kaf-POriiiirrf Vnur hflmi v 5irtrl V Z IM? . -r" ,'weM-,LB w,,-- fJ::'r1 & tahles by InstallingHOME TELEPHONEInstant connection with FireIjHX) other Telxphones in Paris and 'Bourbon County.v Call our Gontract Department to-day.Lolal and Long Distance ServiceCIk Paris Rome telephone and CeKgrapb Co.(Incorporated).Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. " West 5 StreetBourbon Laundry.Paris Kentucky.The Best in the WorldHiggin All-MetalScreens,Higgin All-MetalThetheWeather Strip.Distributors of the Walger New. - cTHodel AwningiThcBest Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris Massie Bospital, A.J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. EL Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others.Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and 'be satisfied.Screens bought now for future delivery are made atcents per square foot cherper.T. A. Hendricks,Sales AgentPhone 2585 - Lexington, Ky.2es-tfmifHft MMMIMIMMM MiGEO. W. DAVISFFNEIAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED E1BALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAI' 137; NIGHT 299.FURSAND HIDESMKtHEST MAJtKET PRICE PAID'FO RAW FURS ANB WOES .JWW WWII t CO i LttfWftJLE,icy;.jb:A-W'-raPVSS-.ilfr- TfcT" ;F"AUTOMOIIUE - LICENSE TAXFONjjf' v FOR STATE ROADAt Frankfort the Secretary ofState's office turned into the Statema A funrl K1 509 nrllortoi1 nn H-11" "" ,.,., ,W4V,V,V,, W ..cense tax on 7,150 automoones' auringthe past year.A man of leisure may be describedas one who lias time to play a fourhanded ame of billiards.iTank Beverly does" not accept BpliWiley's theory that half that goes onIs a bore. Tank says two-thirds thatgoes on is a bore.Two department stores, one in Boston and one in New York, a privatebanking house, an express company,and a wholesale house, allied withand controlled by tie Seigel StoresCorporation, of New York, have beenplaced in the hands of receivers.i - - t JI1I1'J wuu T - Iand Police Departments andWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes beck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee&&&'&:',Tlft.OimilpliNglrWaaS, KI?mK. &NUAftY 2, 1&4MMMMMHIppT1 he Bourbon N&wkEstablished 188132 Years ot Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner(Entered at the Paris, KentuckyPostoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Published Every Tuesday and FridaOne Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per inch"each subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue: reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise'mnts -and yearly contracts.wjtj&wiu,The rigright of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper'p stock intrade and source of revenue.SHOULD GO SLOW.A 'paroled negro convict has beenarrested in St. Louis and no less tfianseventy thefts have been traced tohis restless activity since his releasefrom the penitentiary on parole ,twoyears ago. The incident shows thedanger of the indiscriminate parole.Some years ago a paroled convictkilled two people inLouisille. Prisonboards lose nothing by going slow inturning convicted criminals looseupon the community.DESPAIRING FATHEROFFERS CHILDREN FOR SALEDeclaring that he was poor and unable to provide for his children as hedesired, Stephen Goflo, of St. Louis,a beef killer, Tuesday advertisedthem for sale. Godo asks $2,000 forhis six-year-old daughter, Margaret,and $1,000 for his son, Stephen, 8years old.WIFE OF FORMER VICEPRESIDENT ISDEADMrs. Adlai E. Stevenson, wife offormer Vice President Stevenson,died early Thursday morning at herhome in Bloomington, 111. She hadbeen 111 for several months.Mrsr Stevenson was seventy yearsold and is survived by her husbandand three children, Lewis G. Stevenson President of the Illinois StateBoard of Pardons i Mrs. Nannie JHardin.of Chicago, and Miss LetitiaStevenson, of Bloomington.Mrs. Stevenson was elected President of the Daughters of the American Revolution four times and recently published ahistory of that organization. Mrs. Stevenson was -formerly .MissLetitia Green, daughter of the Rev.Lewis W. Green, of Danville, Ky.,and was married to Vice PresidentStevenson in 1866.DOUBLE TRACKS FOR THEENTIRE CUMBERLAND DIVISIONIt is reported, that the Louisville &Nashville railroad is considering esti-mateson the cost of double trackingthe entire Cumberland Valley Division, due to the heavy coal traffic thathas grown up injthe new Harlan countv field in the last year. The Harlanmines although most of them are, newI coal daily. This large amount is saidi to be giving the operating departmentof the L. & N. much trouble to handle. About six hundred cars dailyare going through to Corbin wherethey are transferred for movementeither north or south. This great'growth in the coal traffic is not onlytaxing the moive capacity of theL. & N., but it is interfering with theoperation of passenger trains.It is likely the work of double tracking the -division will begin ;n the earlyspring or summer. Nearly all the increas.e in the coal traffic comes fromthe new branch in the Harlan field,although older mines have been maintaining a-large output,HUSBANDAND WIFE AREEXEMPT UP TO $4,000.Further regulations for payment ofthe income tax issued Tuesday atWashington, provide that husbandand wife living together shall be entitled to an exemption of $4,000 fromthe aggregate net income of both, butwhen separated and living apart, permanently, each shall he entitled to a$3,000 exemption.Where husband and wife, living together, have separate estates, theirincome may he made upon one return, but the amount of the income ofeach with the full names and addresses must be shown.The husband, the regulation says,should make the return as the headand legal representative of the household.. Where a wife has an estatemanaged by herself, from which she'receives an income of more than$3,000, she may make her own return,and if the husband, in such cases,has an income which brings the totalabove $4,000, the wife's return shouldbe attached to that of her husband,or vice versa vWhere either husband or wife, hasan income of $3,500 or nibre a returnis required under the law, no matterwhether the combinec income of bothbe less thank $4,000. , When the jointincome exceeds $4,000 husband andwife are jointly and separately liablefor making the proper returns andfor the payment of the tax. The single or married status- of personsclaiming the exemptions providedshall be determined at the, time madeit it is maae witnm me year, or return, otherwise Jlie status shall "bedetermined -at the close of he year.ii-f'TffE DEVIL'S SUIJESColorado and Montana Both HaveNatural Phenomena.One Near Yellowstone Park Is a GreatTrough' Pitching Down the Cinnabar Mountain of the Gallattin Range.Denver, Colo. There is a Devil'sslide in both Montana and Colorado,quite different in character, yet ofsuch tremendous proportion so steepand so jagged as to suggest that onlythe devil himself could accomplishthe slide down them and continue todo business thereafter. The Devil'sslide in Montana, shown in the illustration, is near the Yellowstone National park, a great trough pitchingdown Connabar ..mountain of the Gallatin range, formed by two huge parallel knife-blade ridges of white quartzite. The space between these twoalmost vertical backbones is quite narrow and constitutes a vertical chuteending in a small lake at the base ofthe slide into which the devil wassupposed to plunge at the end of histoboggan ride. The Colorado Devil'selide is an exceedingly steep slope onthe almost perpendicular sides of theGunnison canyon. The rock here isentirely devoid of vegetation and the"slide" is quite unclimbable. Any person, devil or otherwise, starting at thetop would certainly reach the bottomand plunge into the foaming Gunnisonriver in record time. The Devil's slideis notv far from the great Gunnison irrigation tunnel -which the GovernmentReclamation service has bored througha tremendous mountain wall to divertthe waters from the Gunnison riverout into the fertile lands of the TJncomphagre valley. The Devil's slideof the Gunnison is but one of the manyawesome sights which met the gazeof the party of government engineers'who made an exploration, on an inflated raft, of the Black canyon of theGunnison a few years ago before start-Devil's Slide.ing to tunnel the mountain. This wasthe first time that anyone was knownto have passed through this portionof the canyon.STORAGE PLANT IS UNIQUEWater From Lava Springs Used toCool Fruit in Valley ofOregon.Hood River, Ore.A unique coldstorage building is now being completed in this valley. The structureadjoins the lava beds near Woodworth Park and has been built of thisstone entirely. The building is threestories in height. The lower floor,which has a capacity of 10,000 boxesof fruit, is constructed on a foundation of .the loose stone eighteen feetin depth.Water, from the lava springs, flowing almost directly from the ends ofglaciers and but a? few degrees abovethe freezing point, will run alongthese loose stones. The .water of thecold springs is aiso allowed to passthrough numerous pipes attached tothe ceiling and along the walls ofthe building. In the second and thirdstories the apples will be packed andsorted.REFUGE TO 2 MILLION BIRDSThe Audubon Societies MaintainedReservations and Colonies forSongsters.New York. Two million birdsfound a safe refuge this year onreservations and guarded colonies ofthe National Association of Audubonsocieties, according to the annual report of the organ2iation made publichere. In addition 10,000 airgretteshave been protected Nin broodinggrounds throughout the southernJ states by sixteen armed agents of thfeassociation. vPifty-two thousand boysand girls have heen enrolled as juniormembers and' $80,000 was given byAmerican bird lovers.Studied Law to Prosecute-Own Son.' Itiverheaa, K. Y. After having:studied law for lour years to be ableto prosecute her ownson for slanderagainst her'rifephew, Ernest Vf. Worker, a local lawyer, Mrs. Arietta Sairtf,seventr-sevn, forgot the date, faUtCI. ... .. . L. . . ic .to-appeAr, ana,tJi suit was uismimm:Do Yon Feci ChillyORFev-I'- "-and Aqlifc 4i er-blue and tired ?"ha, pneumonia or ca ,fwhichhas provenf itsBR. MERCIESecliea. .tablet form mdvit -i. t Lcti,t it. send 50Lone-cenThe Common SenseJO08 pages arisrt11icinone-cLongfellow or Tennyson could take a wortltless, sheet of paper, write a poem on tt and make itworth $50,000. That is GeniusJ: P. Morgan could have signed his name to-achech and amke the little bit of paper worth$100,000,000. That is Capital- A mechanic can take material worth $5,00and make watch springs worth $1 ,000. ,That Is SkinIf you buy "FOX RIDGE COAL" from DODSON & DENTON That is Good SenseShow your good sense by taking up the matterNOW.Dodson DentonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St Both Phones 140ASKml mm m1. Sells .My Products - 4 Protects the Home - y2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife-3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases ProfitsJ. Paysor Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested andsend.xo-aay ior oooKiet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompany ;;Incorporated.HeadquartersHoliday Gifts.We have just received a nice consigment ofMUSICAL INSTRUMBNTSconsisting of Violins, Guitars, Manolins, Hand Accordeons, Blow Accordeons and Harps of all kinds.Violin, Guitar, Banjo andand Jewelry at very lowSTAR CLOTHING HOUSE,J. CLVOVE, Prop.Our Call Home Phonc"360 fIKindness, courtesy and punctuality,Endeavor we to give you,.Less money, good quality, v-'Long weight; and any 4Encouragement we appreciate. "Ring 715 and 106'Send your order and burthanksi&IKeller fir, ' O SviW''"" sc sBFr i its ' r.-oar cold deve1 no reliable alterui the past 40 yetrsyiseve;Alco mmmMl IT to the livrr and to the circulation tho blood wT-sfcion and appetite improved and the W nolo-bodySiting force, of thi3 extract of natire medicinal.equence, the heart, brain and nerves feel theice. Forovr40 years this reliable remedy tasi form by all medicine dealers. It. can mw ate1. and 50c boxes. It your drurrnr -, to ILyjErce, M.D. Buv;'rl Advisera book ofrical Questions.r.P''rCc,M.D.IJTHE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Teljlephone works for him. He will reply: ,9FOR$$Mandolin Cases. Clocks "prices. Give us a call.yQ!fand we will-nCompanyrr4-fm?i -iv.&&&?& -Th;i:5 Ttti-r -rtir&.-.,-Zr? TK' ''' E.'lL j,V1'Si ? vr- -'::"! T .U - 'I 'J ,V-"JV4 )W:r iit? IHf:rrr '',-i ;Ti -. -- - --1Tfco average man is willing to signwir.jm99c solongs it doen! "obll-iliim to give -up xioney.-fed man's nife sticks to him.Ajiood man' wife often sues liim f:or4.geriej or bas-ajour but we know 'emdivorce and alimony. 'hMMBHIIS9MHaaaMMtMNlMwavMUlfa t p T V -l . -W w iiMRushed the OrderA TRAVELING Salesman, while inNashville, Term., took a large order,promising delivery in ten days. Itwoula take two days for the drder to reachthe Home Office by mail. It took himonly a few minutes to telephone the orderfrom a pay station of the Bell Telephone ,system. u"Time saved by telephoning ordersoften means fulfillment of contract.When you telephone smileCumberland Telephoneand TelegraphINCORPORATED.122 SOUTH PRY0R STREET,ATLANTA, GEORGIA.II FPUIfyou are. looking for aFOBSuit or OvercoatiSjSi ' at reasonable prices for Fallto get one.f-; -4 Wexnade a lncky purchase of Men's Suits and Over-coats ths would retail at $15, $18 and WO, but we arc.'" offering them as a special inducement forffil2.98WcT abo have a full line of Schlow Bros-Suarariteed-tailored Suits for $15 to $25. EsnersM Shoes at $4md $5, abo SteUoM and Hawe Von GalHats.Other lines of merchandise caw bfjiad at a' price that'i'" v UM J... rrku wln.KArir.,wkk pcc. jw- r- TWIN BROS., CLOTHINGLWdHstein,Paris OdorkssLet usMake that Lat Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New. 'You will be surprfsed when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have net tried uslbefore.AH Work Guaranteed .Satisfactory iMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats .Cleaned anditeblockedjto your satisfaction.We Gall ForJ and Deliver Work."Call up E.'T. Phone 40. - - .Paris Odorless Cleaning Co. Sam Levy,'Proprietor.x White Kid-Gloves Cleaned, "shorty 10c; longc -. r JIhCWRBQNyji- -' csst'MMNMMMMA c&pohdeat, who promises tokep a tuy eye open fpr;. our tlelmquencies complains ,hat we do novknow hoWvto spell "kimono." .Likely-"' '" 06t 4in.when we see em.. i ,1wCompany?&IS-"rotsigoodla -.and Whiter, hereis'thejplaceDEP'T.Proprietor.'Cleaning Co.pemlr "',-f V-4''-' . o. . ' ' " "NEWS; PARIS, KEMXtft&y. JANUARY Jt4virii'"-v-V.r'irTlAj"DEFENCE OF HEN.High Price of Eggs In NoWise Due to theReport- ed Shortage.-MIDDLEMAN CAUSEGovernmentai Aid Asked In- .Providing a Great Cold ,. Storage System.(By Peter Radford, Lecturer NationalFarmers' Union.)The queen of the American barnyard has had more revolts among hersubjects during the past few weeksthan perhaps at any time during herrule on the Western hemisphere, andlest the historian of the nation's poultry yard do her an injustice in recording the insurrection, I want tomake a few observations in her' behalf. The Consumer Not The Whole Thing.The consumer should not be takentoo seriously; he is always complaining. Many times he has called KingCotton a tyrant; has rebelled againstthe steer and the hog, and in mutinous moods, he has refused to eatbread, but his seditions do not lastlong. Responding to the wail of theconsumer, the Federal Department ofJustice investigated the hen as unceremoniausly as though she were aWall Street millionaire; the housewife has railed at her and passed resolutions questioning lier "business iritegrity and the press has' carried sensational stories accusing her majestyof disloyalty to her subjects, until thefriends of the hen have cried out"God Save the Queen.'.'- When theconsumer raised a howl, the entiremachinery of government is set inm6tiori and the power of the pressrushes to the rescue. Theconsumeris a great talker, but he is not thewhole thing, and what he has to sayshould be taken with a grain of saltWhose Ox Is Gored.If patriotism and justice were themotives that actuated the investigations and resolutions which the henhas been subjected to on account ofthe high price of eggs, why is it thelow price of eggs has never receivedthe attention of these public spiritedcitizens? Should nbt farm housewifefeel 'as deeply, outraged when she iscompelled to pay a Lxgh price?. Is itnot a question of whose ox is gored?It would be' interesting to Isonwwhen and where the hen entered into:'-i. -;. -.,"".'. --. ' ;,vSV V'an agreement with the consumer fdjbhad a system. These coonmissions,furnish eggs on demand at pricesfixed by the city housewife Can anyone produce the document? Wheyshould she be arrainged before thehighest tribunal in the land and humiliated by inquisitorial ..proceedingsand her conduct subjected to reviewby mere 'consumers whose knowledgeof the poultry business has been acquired at the breakfast table?During all this furor the hen hasstood upon her constitutional rights,cackling merrily as she laid fifty billion eggs per day and producingwealth approxmating more than ahalf billion dollars per annum. Thefarm value of the poultry productsproduced per annum in the UnitedStates is equal to the annual goldproduction of the world. The yearlyegg production alone is double , thevalue "oft the annual petijgjeum supply of he nation and hs ejjual 40 thevalue of, the iron ore" production Kqfthe United States. ;The Hen Not at Fault.There are many causeswhich havecontributed towards sending' the cyclone of high prices raging through.the markets places, but in my pinion they are, largely artificial and Iam sure did not originate in the poultry yard. . -The pure food laws has .forcedlarge quantities of ancient stpek, usually available in emergencies, to bedupiped. The Italian hand of the, speculator casts its shadow over thewreckage and our Xaulty, system of.distribution has snapped in Its c weakplaces. All these forces of 'tradehave combined to bring about a riotin the market 'places, but the hen nasentered' no, conspiracy against theconsumer, as a ruie sne nas Deendoing her duty. Perhaps she mayhave hesitated to perform the fullservice alloted lier by civilization, aswe all sometimes do, but she has beenon fne job all the time and no courtcan sentence her to lay more eggs,, orfix a price for her product.Where The Farmer Fajls.Our reckless system of distributiononust stand the brunt of the blamefor loss to the producer, but thereare other causes wholly within thecontrol of the jcroducer. By properhousing and balancing tha rations ofthe hen, the egg producing seasoncan - be more evenly distributed;thoughout the entire year, arid theimportance of using cold storageplants minimized. The egg crop isone of, the very few harvests that canbe made to extend throughout the entire year. Science and enterpriseshould follow closely in the wake ofthe receding stream of swollen pricesand strengthen he weak places whichhave developed under the strain.Oh, You Middleman!..The farmer did noifiget the moey:It may he that some of. the 'fanners'living near the, large. c;ties' jvhccsoldtheir eggs, to-tlie' consumer direct? putin the community -wjrere,"I-faraj he.peCdJArt Vvho,.iouslitour egg's neverDairi us moreTthan 25 cemfs per doz-enfl .fejbftL &L inyetiWLton$; n$" ' T P"'"-- ." "'. J '"'-; ..,--'."$& .V-.. VFtK"rT:-. -X ?. v. iV ; -" '..'tt cents Was theThiglTwatar Shark in ay-mgo ituin ynoes, o any one tnrougti-1out tne entire United States; although 1tne press reports from .some of the,large cities quoted a retail price ranging from 50 cents to $1 per -dozen.Ihe transportation rate wouli not exceed five cents per dozen, and the gapbetween the amount paid the producer, plus the cost of transportation,and the price paid by the consumerwas filled by the middleman.lviucn nas been said and more written about the middleman, but he isoftimes a helpless "V.ctim of our immortal system of distribution.. He isalmost as talkative as -the con-umer,and as an explainer he is a gem.So long as we turn over our products to the -middleman and gve h nithe keys to oiir warehouse, he has thepower of placing our 'crops upon thegambling table and no amount oflegislation can entirely etfminuce thespirit of the 'speculator , fro.a haoaunature. If we are going" to the rootoi me trouDie,. we. must do somoailngmore. than, define crime and punish.criminals. We must give the pro-'aucer .facilities for storing his products. Producers Want Only Fair Prices!The consumer destroys wealth; theproducer creates it. Any investigation or study of oiir economical problems must be approaced from thestandpoint of the producer before asolution can be found. We can onlybuild our civilization through the producer. If we follow the consumer,destruction, lies in pur pathwayThe producer is the most capableand the only universal citizen in civilization. He cannot help himselfwithout helping all mankind. Ihe element ofjshelfishness that dominatesevery ottier class of industry is impossible, in his- business. The producer really has more to fear from inflated prices of his product than theconsumer,, for high prices' will inevitably result in an increase in production and will automatically lower-i:heprice ofttimes below the cost of production and jeoperdize the very Jifeof the industry. The interests of theproducer are antagonistic to exorbitantly high prices and "likewise thebest, interests of .the consumer arehostile to abnormally low prices.The price should be one that thefarmer can afford to raise the stuffand the consumer afford to buy it.We are a government by consumers and for consumers, and our lawsand customs conform to his requirements, and as long as this, conditionprevails there will always be strifeand rebellion due to the incompetencyof our economic system.Too Many Investigators.The business affairs of this-nationare bed-ridden with investigations. Itis the consumer's fad to investigateeverything and everybody and callanything a crime that does not contribute towards lowering prices.Commissions composed -of- distinguished citizens are given high sounding titles and r sent out to search thesewers of business, and amid tremendous applause of the public theyflash upon the canvas frailties of our.system of distribution that have beenknowa to .exist ever since we, have ;iuiei uiauuvewug tut: aumu uiu COULlu-ents of error, flle their reports andsail away and are never heard ofagain. It the government really wantsto render a genuine service to thefanmerwhy not quit talking and getdown "to busness?Co-Operation the Remedy.The Farmers' Union has urged theproducer and the consumer to co-operatethrough the parcels post andexpress companies as first aid to thepresent difficulty, but the problem ofmarketing .farm products is 'a monumental one. and its, icomplefe solution lies in uie iarmer ,owmng;,or controling ,cold storage plants, warehouses and proper equipment for holding,his. surplus until there iSvaxinarket.de-manp.cso long as inaiorage mpuitles' are in he handiLof tiie middleman,, .there wilL be 'artificial mjanip-!pauon or $TiCs anafne proaucernd cnsumer'will becdme, joint victims of hisyanqe. ":It "as a. sad day for the farmer ofttKls (nation when theyshnt thejlardobrcldsed the smoKehduse'.and' toredown their granaries and turned theirwarehouses over to private enterprises, -making it possible for trustsand combines to feast, fatten anlgamble upon their products. We,should build co-operative storageplants, warehouses, elevators, creameries, etc., and to do so; will require a"system of coroperative laws 'adaptedto the business of farming and in thetransaction, from individual to community effort Ve will need the support of government and the oc-6perartion of aU agencies that are friendlyto the farmer. In another article Isliall go ,more fully into details 6ntnis teature ot tne suoject.BEST COUGH MEDICINE ..-FOR THE CHILDREN"lam very glad to say a few wordsin praise of Chamberlain's CoughRemedy," writes -Mrs. Lida Dewey,Milwaukee, Wis. "I have used it foryears for my children and myselfand if nfivfir fails to relieve .and curea coueh or a coldi No family Withchildren should be without it as itgives almost immediate relief inases of croup." Chamberlain's CoughRemedy is pleasant to take, which, isof great' importance xhen, a medicine,must be given to youn g children.For sale by all dealers. : (adv)1 (Jan)- Most of the trouble in this worldis .due, uot to whiskey and womeri1, asis generally accepted, but4to the freeand, unlimited conversation of-'gossips.DAWSON SPRINGS CHOSEN. BY. KY.. PRESS. ASSOCIATIONrv-rAt.; T-hpKerituclcy P.rees Association,inv'session; at" Lexington, " adjourned-Tmfsday after selecting Dawsoh-ink.; The date Vas fixed as June 8:to 13. LouisvwtjS anarjjexiflyMWf riUfighf it- .out t it melting ttr thfi"..le''T" Tnf1-ll?lll I TK.' T lfcattl Iff! T 7 f . .. fc.i.... i .,; , WiWiJ. 11 ' W 31 "LI"1' J'J MIJL'Wti 'Ti TTSJiBa t ..v i- T ".". V "-;-- : " ' ' 'm ' .' !J mVjG6urier -i m i rt y ii i tnjip i ii m i ii ii wjn i ji i mmmmmmi.& -.- - " - .- i i- ;oW& ' XV'- -AT-. ' -x '. - 3?- - .i . - '2 ' . J ' ?lp f!. V, , '" '' rI DURING - '-'l'.-' - - - & ... ---,:? 'i' -' ' npp.pyRirDx Jm' . ' v(y-,; ;:. JANUARY :" ,r) 1 i" ,',I . ;';-; FEBRUARY"-" j .S'-i'it tne Bduraon Nfe r Af , . -has. made special arrangement whereby the DallyCourier-Journal can be furnished one year 3For$3.00, six months $1 .75, by mail (Sunday not m-eluded) to all patrons .who will give their orders to2 us during the months named above. Better still,2 you can naive the Daily Courier-Journal and the2 Bourbon Newsbne year each SSSSSJjFor OnlyAfter February 28, 1914,Courier-Journal alone isvantage of this special Bargain Offer at once andREDUCE THE HIGH COST NF LIVING.To Get Advantage,, Orders Must Be Sent Us, Notto the Courier-Journal.L. oc N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trains ArriveFROM, .. . -No.341342971040Atlanta, Ga., Daily. .Lexington, Ky., DailyCynthiana, Ky., Daily ExceptMavsville. Ky.. Daily ExceptRowland, Ky., Daily Except, Sunday , .r... .;.... 7:4SLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ; 7:437Cincinnati, O., Daily3 fcaysville; ;Ky.; JOlily Except Sunday12 IJexingtdji, ky., ily33 Cincinnati, O,, tMily . . '26 Lexington. .Ky., Daily Except Sunday .;.....; ....25 Cynthiana, Ky., D'aily Except Sunday. p: v..1 13$ Lexirigtbifr 'Cy:,&aily . ;. .......:5 IaysvilleV Ky. Daily39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday8 Lexington, Ky., .Daily v-32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily..... T!.1..31 Cincinnati, O., Daily ,TrainsNo.34 Cincinnati, O., Daily ,'474010f293733133Maysville, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., Daily Except SundayCincinnati O., P.aily Except SundayMaysville, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., Dailyl... ;..'....ichoxyipe, Tehn., "Daily ;Jacksonvvillet Fi., DailyLexington, Ky., uaiiy6 -Maysville, Ky., Daily2GCyhthiana, Xy., Daily Except. Sunday. . .-. ... . ;C1338939328anLexington, Ky., Daily Excjept Sunday. . . . '.'J.'". .:....Cincinnati O,, Daily v ;. p.. . .'. . .;; ?....- t : .Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. .-.,.. ..V. .i. ..V.l.S.l :Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. ... :. ....f.. .... :5:Cincinnati, . O., Daily , .r. T . . . ."... . .t .... . . . 1:3Maysville, Ky., Daily except Sunday.. w. S:1Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. ,-......' if :4iaaLexington, Ky., Daily. ...? i;n:Atlanta, Ga., Daily . .- it: 5? J'1 31' 131TraixisF" cfc O- JOIJEWFJBMmNo; rr-. - ,' f jpromj;!2yTFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday."4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.TrsiirLSNo. . ". r-- -, i xT 1 Frankkfort, Ky., Daily Except3 - Frankfort, Ky., Daily SzceptttAA AAAfJM UWiT; -"' 'i;KltNaoW,t ?frflsmm jSu. ..,- i t ?i . rj6um$4.75arthe price of the Daily fiij$6.00 a year. Take ad-.of This Cut Rate r-.-as .-s - ,-.,S. ,.-. .-,. ...;,.-. . . ... . .5:21v. v . S:ltSunda.y. ....' ,...;..".,. V...;-.,7:3S5Sunday :'."...7:3t.-..; . . . $:3S.. l:a..'' .,. S. . . . .' : i. liOS;.lli.H).. 12:.. S:10..'3:11. . .-; .-. . i ...:. . . . . . Z:3v,. ... ; ...' ...... ... . . i sv'....... ... ....... . W 9 wwk:IDe-part,TO- -t - m 9 m...,. . .V;x:..-n.ArriviS -J?v?:4TOSiiodayl.jS-aady. .'S:3Sttk46 smlWfenfrfeeilvm&rML"" SBtt V i"-t laey nutrm9Amake life oHFtnrmMimUm. . - --. . . k;.o:lSJfcr ft -s - .9 7'SJkhI .,9W9lMaa:2Ta;2:tf- .TvV -'?EteTSBfcartf'lk'- -. - ' . -.. .......4irajrt .i" ml iuIii, nWi ! Mill T " ' -' 'i.cib aHBiMiaka ur.-'jr s m j uw (n -m jb. aue naoMi tribr a. - -r"--! -"'j' 4&y''NSik. 'rMv'"'r'47Ura.THE BOURBON NEWIrPXRia, KY., JANUARY 2; 1914THEATRICAL:i3V' 'Columbia. M&y "How Filmy Won ittsart." Filmy, . operated theMHktwre Machine at the theatre and.rMfc rejected ,by nis-Jady lore, hetw some of the, picture on thescree plde down and the audienceJmrtod. Filmy was '"fired" by ther4-Mot manager and you't thought his1t prospects were worse off thaner?- wouldn't you? Instead his badlak sant him good luck and the girl."1m. Three Hours," a" thrilling Western drama; and "Love Sickness at," will compose the program.Saturday "Little Brother," a, TanluMieer, is a "By-the-Sea" yarn fromCape May. Now, they were oh-so-mchin love, and naturally there-was & red-hot quarrel that sent themdriftini;. The man wanted her loveagain, nevertheless. She had' aTrrotW yes, the Little BrotherMiftwa -ria him that the manmaep" with her again. But thelittt brother had a mint of. fun withI ihk MSEsr-TJp while helping him;r I'f&Tttw&l Gold." How narrpwlyfcaH we jmdge a woman who commits'aatttttry crime under stress of herJ iwmmxL&. "Smothions cover somedne; SWws 'well-being is more to her thanIKe or reputation? A woman, for ex-GONDITION OF THEAgricultural Bank,'.OF. PARISDECEMBER 31, 1913.'Real Estea. ....-. $ 15,000 00Bonds 2,000 00Loans and Discounts.... 396,491 79Overdarfts 9,84,6 52Cash 24,824 70Due From Banks 8,132 37$456,295 38stealing for h er husband orfen dire need? and a comic reeletttiO "Father and the Flies," willalso Te' shown.fFoi saiDilayHif s Pies.dintry Club Cakes,Checofate,Maraschino,VaniMar'Caramel.For . Saturday.Baldwin- Bros.,Paris, KentuckyCapital $100,000 00Surplus 70,00.0 00Undivided Profits .X 6,320, 83Deposits .' '. 224,974 55Bills Payable v.. 55,000 00Due Banks -. "". . 00Statement of the Condition ofBourbon BankCrust Company(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYAt the Close -of Business December31, 1913, After Placing Semi-AnnualDividend of Four Per Cent,to the Credit of "Stockholders.-$456,295 38A semi-annual dividend of 5 percent, has been placed tp the creditof the stockholders.OFFICERSJ. W. DAVIS, President.J. J. McCLINTOCK, Cashier.T. W. ALLEN, Assistant Cashier.W. A. GRIMES, Bookkeeper.DIRECTORS:J. W. Davis, John Marston, J. "v7.Bedford, J. D. McClintock, J. T. Hinton, N. Kriener, W. H. Anderson, W.W. Hall, G. W. Wyatt.MONTGOMERY MEN SELLPRIZE-WINNING JACKJas. B. Clark & Son, proprietors ofBunker Hill Stock Farm, of Montgomery county, sold to Sanders & Maggard, of Fleming county, a 2-year-oldblue ribbon jack by Independence.He won first prize in his class andalso sweepstakes prize at the v Bourbon County Fair last year. They alsosold to the same party a jack coltby Nicholas Duke, six months old,that won the second prize at the samefair. The produce of this fair thatwas exhibited at five fairs in 1913, including the State Fair, won 14 prizes,ten firsts, three seconds and onethird.RESOURCES:Loans and Bills $459,252 22Overdrafts . 3,683 46Real Estate 14,000 00Furniture and Fixtures . . 500 00Due from Banks v. 51,684. 23,dash .' . 30,050 73BOURBON LODGES ELECTOFFICERS FOR ENSUING YEXR$559,170 64LIABILITIESCapital Stock $100,000 00Surplus 77. . , . . . '. . . . . . 50,000 00Undivided Profits 3,274 38Reserved for Taxes 1,169 81Notes Rediscounted ...... 31,000 00Individual Deposits $373,726 45$559,170 64We solicit a share of your business.Tlie lodees of Paris and Bourboncounty hWe elected officers the pestfew days to serve Curing the yearMonday night a large number gathered at Bourbon Lodge No. 23, I. O.O. F., to select from many candidatesnew -officers for tile vgnsuing year.The election resulted as follows:Noble Grand A. R. Dennison.Vice Grand S. L. Ewalt.Recording Secretary P. J. McCord.Financial Secretary :H. D. Shy.Treasurer L. M. Vanhook.Relief Committee W. C. Dodson,G. W. Judy, L. M. Vanhook.Widows and Orphans CommitteeG. W. Judy, L. M. Vanhook, P. J. McCord. Hall Committee E. B. January, G.W. Judy, A. L. Slicer.Finance Committee Jas. R. 'Stivers, W. C. Dodson, A. T. Wright.The committee will meet at the lodgeroom Friday night to audit the books.District Deputy Grand Mastex Geo.W. Judy will install the officers nextMonday night.Washington Lodge No. 79, F. & A.M., North Middletown, held its annualelection of officers for the ensuingyear of 1914, on Saturday, Dec. 27, at7:30 p. m., which resulted as follows:Worshipful Master Clay Thomas.Senior Warden C. C. Hadden.Junior Warden Dr. G. A. Cook.Treasurer R. M. Gilkey."Secretary T. tl. See.Senior Deacon Alphonso Detwiler.Juni6r Deacon Walter Thomas.Senior Steward Y. B. Laughlin.Junior Steward R. M. Rice.Tyler William Kincaid.Following the installation of officers, an elegant lunch waff served,superintended by Postmaster Col. R.M. Gilkey. It is needless to say,when it comes to preparing lunchesCol. Gilkey cannot be surpassed.TBSn' "O O . I,..' A. ' LJ , iton Ifi Tlu Pact ami QnnapLiJ IU. I IIU -IMlcUyl II CMyill$1.0K"CARLISLE PASTOR GOESTO INDIANA CHURCH.CALENDARS FOR 1915.We have made arrangements withthe Hayes lithographing Co., of Buffalo, N. Y., to actjas their agents inBourbon County. We have now readyfor display one of the- handsomestlines of Calendars for 1915 that youever saw. We can save you at least20 per jceut on your orders. Don'tgive thdhi to a traveling-agent comehi or phone us and let us show youour line. The Hayes Co. is one ofthe largest in the world and theirwork is exquisite. Let us have yourorderand save you some money andat the same time make a little piecefor ourselves,(tf) BOURBON NEWS.The Rev. William Gay Eldred, ofCarlisle, has announced that he hasaccepted a call to become the pastor of the Christian church at Shelbyville, Ind., and will move there Feb.1. He has been pastor of the Christian church at Carlisle for the .pastfive- years.v iThe Fredonia Bank at Fredonia,Caldwell county, Ky., was robbed ofnearly $8,000 by safe blowers.John Phin, noted agriculturist andwriter on scientific subjects, diediofpneumonia at Paterson, N. J.The D. Y. Combs Hotel and otherbuildings were destroyed by fire atHazard, Ky., the losses aggregating$50,000. 'EDWIN FULLER, JR., DIESSUDDENLY IN ST. PETERSBURGMr. Edwin Fuller, Jr., of the Central Kentucky Natural Gas Co., diedsuddenly in St. Petersburg, Fla., Monday afternoon. He had been in bathing and was just coming out of thesurf when he was stricken. He leftLexington two weeks ago to spendChristmas with relatiyes in St. Petersburg. He had for eight yearsbeen connected with the legal department of the Central Kentucky Natural Gas . Co., and is well-known inthis city, where he has made a number of business visits.RATE TABLE FOR FOURTHCLASS MAIL MATTERBy curtesy of the local postofficeofficials we are enabled to give ourreaders the table rate of fourth-classmail matter, the nev ruling of thepostoffice department 'becoming effective yesterday. It is as follows:"Local rate 5c. for the first pound Jand one cent for each additionalpound; weigh't limit, 50 pounds.First and Second Zones Five centsfor the first pound and one cent foreach additional pound; weight limit50 pounds.Third Zone Six cents for the firstpound and two cents for each additional pound; weight limit 20 pounds.Fourth Zone Seven cents for. thefirst pound and four cents for eachadditional pound; weight limit 20pounds.Fifth Zone Eight cents for thefirst pound and. six cents for each additional pound; weight limit 20pounds.Sixth Zone Nine cents for the firstpound and 8 cents for each additionalpound; weight limit 20 pounds.Seventh Zone Eleven cents forthe first pound and 10 cents for eachadditional pound; weight limit 20pounds.Eighth Zone Twelve cents foreach pound"; weight limit 20 pounds.Parcels weighing four ounces orless are mailable at the rate of onecent for each ounce or fraction of anonce, regardless of distance. Parcelsweighing more than four ounces willWith a $3.00 PurchaseBaby Bunton Corn, 3 Cans '. 25cTomatoes, per can .". . . . ...... .,. ! OcSugar Loaf Peas, per can ' . -.& . . 1 Sc and 20cStandard Peas, per can .... .r. ......"! OcPork and Beans, 2 cans for. - : ? 5cRolled Oats, new stock, 3 packages. ......".. .-r: 25cNew-Dried-Peaches.. .J .............. . V6 and 1 2 l-2cFancy Apricots, 2 lb. for ." 35cFancy Sun Dried Apples, per lb . . .. v . ScLANCASTER FLOUR.25-lb Sack $ .8048-lb Sack 1.6098-lb Sack 3.10Save the difference by paying cash. SpecialPrices on quantity lots. tIT. C. LENIHAIN.Cash Grocery.1 Both Phones 234V.IJbe mailable at the rates given above,any fraction of a pound being considered full pound.This change of rate does not affectthe usefulness of the parcel postmaps and guides previously' furnishedto the public.Patrons of the Postoffice should cutthis out and preserve it for futurereference.The parcel post made $36,000,000during the first twelve months of isoperation, according to unofficial estimates of post office department experts.An 'apparatus whereby blood maybe removed, cleansed and returned tothe body was demonstrated beforethe Federation of American Societiesfor Experimental Biology, Tuesday.EMINENT PRESBYTERIAN DIVINEfILL AT VERSAILLES HOME:The Rev. Gelon H Routt, B. D., fornearly fifty years pastor of the Versailles Presbyterian church, who hass.been an invalid for some time, is nowcritically ill, " and his family and"friends feel very apprehensive.2Dr. Rout gave up his active ministry several years ago on account pfhis failing health, and was made pastor emeritus of the church at Versailles. He is one of the ablest ministers of the Presbyterian denomination in Kentucky, was long presidentof the Board of Trustees of CentraltTniversity, and was a leading factorin uniting Centre College and Central University. He is eighty-oaeryears old.ASSISTANT POSTMASTERAT WINCHESTER RESIGNSRobert Owen, assistant postmasterof Winchester under former Postmaster Jolin G. White,, whohas been holdBanks entering the Federal reservesystem need not take out new charters to become memDers the Orgaaization Committee decided. -' ? "Race segregation ras a meansr of les-rsenins disease in the South isradvcP-lng overv under the administration of cated by Prof. C. W. Stites, of ' thej.Postmaster Sam King, has tendered the United States Public Health Srhis resignation to take effect at once. vice.iimiinniHHMiHA mmms1 smmmmmmmmwmmmmmkmmmmmmmmmsmwy SpecialsiForOpening Day:$5.00 Fur Caps..$250 Pur Caps.75c Neckwear....50c Neckwear..$3.95$1.95...45c...25c$1.25 Flannel Shirts 98c50c Underwear ... . 39cJANUARYCLEARANCEIS NOW GOINGsiSavaMSALE!.ON!neney on! a New Hat Now$2.00 Hats, now $1.502.50 Hats, now 1.753.00 Hats, now 2.00 x:4.00 Hats, now 3 00Stetsons Excepted ,a HiHnTivanf to do it. but mild weather leaves a big stock of merchandise on our hands, and we want to srivr vou rf-vAntavre 'of sacrifice prices, rather than carry them over. This sale is going to be a hummer and you want to take advant-. " - Kt- 'C-Sfr- M4 rriirk!af' Sn f-ho lirkiico Sc inrliirlorl cage of these great reaucuons. t-i y aun, r.. -w. ... ... - ..-. .is. '-Bpys9 Suits andOvercoats Include Stylish(Norfolk andQ. B. Styes; 'Chinchilla Over-coats -Ages 3 tolT",$5.00 Ganrients $3.75$6.00x6rments $4.9557.50 Garments $5.95$&50 Garments $6.45y $toeiJ!rmetits$7.45Reductions in Suits and Overcoats!Fine, All-Wool, Seasonable Suits, in the-Seasons Newest Styles; Overcoats in Chinchillas, Meltons; Tweeds in Long Ulsters; Belted Backx ' Coats; Short English Coats; Chesterfields.:$12.50SuksReduced toand Overcoats tfm C99.9U$22.50 Suits andOvercoats C4 "7Reduced to . 9 I Wa W$30 Suits andOvercoatsReduced to$23.75$15 Suits andOvercoats ttf 4 JRfReduced to 91 I 9 W$20 Suits and "- Overcoats t1 "JKReduced to I!1 W$25 Suits and .. v .Overcoats flHj C "7 fitReduced to....9 IOi W$27.50 Suits andOvercoats . ff 01 "5KReduced to . 49li I . W- $35 Suits andOvercoats 0""7 "5FJBReduced to. 91 O$40 Suits andOvercoats 4 g ""VfReduced to 90fti OMen's Wooland CorddrorPants-- . 1 1iAfl GoodPatterns$3.00 Pants 1?$2&53.50 Pants. :d 2i954.00 Pants lJU325--s. Jf t- v5.00 Pants St95B.50,$7.50 Pants 5,958.50 Pants . 6175v?iKeystone.CorckiysCome, to the. Greatest JVtoney-$avirig Event in the History of Retail Sales" These Prirejr A.reiFniH'1rJ. m BmmwMm !'-NU&bnONIiYsRareaicsv Positively None Gfcrdedft k at These PV -4f--ty -. - "Y- ... " - - -1- - '-g-T"M -i, JlMlHHMyHalilu.. m...v . . -few TBI iff.-. . ."; . . --. v , THE BOUREpi NWS,; PARIS, ; K., JANUARY ; 2, 1$-. ,,m 'miim iMMiiiiMiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiMWMiiwiiiwwmiimr'ifiritfii)-rMr-iiTrrTTi rii ' r .- .- -. 1 r-imnwnnim in -v-. . : - " si it: I -"C:VwW&vfrr&)icnpifii auh DcncnMuuumL nnu i liiuuiml.. rHAS TKt Ul-iaOF ALL LINES MADEBOX SUPPER TONIGHT.The Fraternal, Brotherhood willnv a box sunoer at tne muu&eball, Firday night.All are invited.LOCALMEN PURCHASEVACANT BUILDING LOTSUTeasrs. L. D. Harris and George D.Spealces purchased this week from3r. Jack Howard, or Bourbon, two vacantlots on Brent street, in the oldFail - Grounds addition. The pricepaid was $455. The property will heimproved with two frame cottages.SV-.CONDUCTOR HURT IN COLLISION- IN SOUTH PARIS YARDSAs the result of a collision of " ayard engine and freight train in thesouth yards of the Louisville & Nashville railroad, Tuesday morning, Conductor Pearl Fronk,in charge of thefreight train, .suffered a sprained anlde, and was badly bruised. vYOU WILL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction by trading at(if) FELD'S..TAKES PQSITION VITHPOWER GROCERY COMPANY.-Ir. J. C. Bailey, who has been connoted with the general store of Mr.J. C. Ewalt, at Shawhan, resigned recntly and accepted a position withthe Power Grocery Co., in this ciey,assuming his new duties , yesterday.Mr. Bailey will move here to reside.0.UDGE DUNDON TO PRACTICELAW AT THE BOURBON BARJudge Denis Dundon, who retiresfrom the office of County Judge nextMonday, has rented office rooms inthe Agricultural Bank Building, andwill resume the practice of law. Hewill remove his effects from the courtliouse to his new quarters to-morrow.MRS.THORNTON SUFFERS ABROKEN RIB IN FALLMrs. Anna Thornton, mother ofMrs. Denis Dundon and Mrs. JohnConnell, of this city, and Mrs. JohnDrennon, of Mason county, slippedand fell in her room at the home ofJudge Dundon last week, and sustained a broken rib. Dr. J. T. Brown-was summoned to attend her injuriesand .she is getting along nicely.WAGON BADLY DAMAGEDIN COLLISION WITH CARA delivery wagon of P. M. Hellerwas almost completely demolished atthe tnterurban station yesterdaymorning when" an incoming carstruck J;he rear end. The driver,Thomas Parker, colored, escaped in-SORGHUM MOLASSES, Genuine Sorghum Molasses, absolutely purerand the best on the market. L(2-lt) C. P. COOK & CO.REVENUE ASSIGNMENTSFOR BOURBON COUNTY1Collector Ben Marshall has madethe-following revenue assignments forthe month, of January for Bourboncounty. 'G. G. White Cq., Paris: W. J. Kenton, day; G. L. Hough, bottling; W..IS. Lyne, guager.Julius Kessler & Co., Paris: J. M.Russell, day and bottling;, H. S. Bell,additional- W. S. Lyne, guager.BURNING TRASH CAUSESAN ALARM OF FIREThe fire department was called f.out Wednesday evening in responseto an alarm from box 18. A pile oftrain in the rear of thewareroom ofStuart & O'Brien, at the corner ofMain and Seventh streets, in someunaccountable manner caught fire.'She .fired apartment responded to thealarm promptly, and after scatteringthe: trash, went- through the buildingbut no other evidence of fire wasfound.&rii wind and lightning ihsur-wapaB. Thomas Jfc Woodtord.tSoCAL MERCHANT FILES';? PETITION IN BANKRUPTCY.''"Through Ms counsel, Attorney P.jfc, 'Thompson, of this city,Mr. AlbertJones, proprietor of the National Fiveand Ten Cent Store, in this ciy, fileda jJe'tition in bankruptcy at Frankfort,-"Wednesday.His -assets are giveaat $7,500 and liabilities at 12,000.For'the past two or three years Mr.Joiee' has conducted his business, inthisXcity and has made many friendswhojjwill regret to learn of financialdifficulties. 'VS' ANNOUNCEMENT,Miss Eleanor Tevis, of Danville,is the guest of Miss Marie Talbott.Mrs. Clark Barnett is visitingher sister, Mrs. Frank Snyder, inLouisville.Mrs. Carlisle'Watson, of Winchester, is visiting her aunt, Mtb. C. M.Brown, in this ity.Mrs. Charlotte "Davis, of Lexington, nas been the guest of Miss AnnaMar Davis, in this city.Mrs. W. B. Bell, of Gallipolis, O.,is the guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. W. A. Beheler, in thisy.city.Mr. John H. Kiely, of Covington,spent several days of the past weekwith his . mother, Mrs. B. C. Kiely.Mr. and Mrs. Jas. H, Thompsonattended the watch party at the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, Wednesdaynight.Mr. and Mra. E. C. Arnold, ofNewport, Have been the guests forhe past week of Mr. and Mrs.t AmosTurney.Miss Fannie Rye, of this city,spent Christmas with her cousin,Mr. and Mrs. F. "W. Norris, in Mt.Sterling.Mr. James K. McNamara and son,Robert, have returned from a visit toMrs. B. F. Goodman, in Huntington,Wu Va.Mr. and Mrs. J. J. McCarthy andchildren will leave today for a visitto Mr. and Mrs. Harrison Collins, inEwing.Dr. James B. Stokes, of Nashville, Tenn., is the 'guest of MissFrankie Clark, at her home near Little Rock.Judge and Mrs. F. S. Jouett havereturned to Louisville after a visit totheir daughter, Mrs. Withers Davis,in, this city.Carlisle Advocate: "Mr. and MrsH. M. Waugh, of Paris, spent the holidays with his parents, Mr. and Mrs.fhomas Waugh."Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Minter havereturned to their home in 'Lexington,after spending the holidays with Mrmd Mrs. Harry Minter and other relatives in. this city. , .Misses Cornelia Blackburn, andEthel Thomas, of Georgetown, havebeen the guests of Mrs. William Kenney Ferguson, at her home on Pleasant street.' Miss Frances Champe, JamesThompson, Jr., Ireland- Davis andDouglas Clay attended the dance givtn by the younger society set at theMerrick Lodge, in. Lexington, Wednesday night.Mrs. Rudolph Davis, of this city,visited her mother, Mrs. Mary Howse,in Carlisle, several days last week.Mrs. Howse returned-home with herand will oe a guest at the Davishome this week.lliss .. Mary Haytf env has returnedto Barboursville to resume herstudies in a business college afterspending the Christmas holidayswith her parents,Mr. ami Mrs. J. W.Hayden, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Howard Lancasterof Lexington, have rented and arenow occupying the Fithian residence,.on Second street. Mr. Lancaster returned to Paris to assume the position of City Electrician, to which hewas recently elected.Mrs. Geo. Faell, who has beena. guest of Mrs. Maria Lyons and other relatives during the Christmasholidays, has returned to her home inLouisville, accompanied by her daugh"ter, Miss Mary Frances Lyonswho'will make her a visit.Mr. John Yerkesy who has beenvisiting relatives in this city, leftMonday night for a business trip toLousville before returning to hishome in Nashville. Mrs. Yerkes andson, who accosmpanied him here, willremain for a longer visi with relatives' and friends.The Maysville Bulletin of Wednesday says: "Mr. and Mrs. Will Martin, of Paris, have been visiting relatives here. Mr Marin returnedliome toady. Mrs. Martin will remain a few days longer with her parents, Mr .and Mrs. Win. Gibson, before returning home."Mr. J A. Cooper, assistant superintendent of the MetropolitanT.iffi Insurance .Co.. in this city. w2staken to- the Massie Memorial Hospital for treatment Mr. Cooper wastaken suddenly -ill Monday night atthe Windsor?Hotel, and his physicianadvised his removal to the institution. He is considerably improved.Chas. Mthian, Mr and": MrsL S. G.Clay,, Mr. and Mrs. Swift , Champe,Mr. and Mrs. Charlton Alxander, Mr.arid Mrs. Ed Prichard, Mr. and Mrs.Tadlock, Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Ferguson,. Mrs. F. M. Clay, Mrs. WilsonrMr. and Mrs. White Varden, Mr. andMrs. James Thompson, Miss Holladay, Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Wehber, Mr.j and Mrs. William Cooper, Mr. andmrs. wmiam Ferguson, mrs. oiuan.A surprise party was given Tuesday evening, at the home of MissKatherine Marsh, the attractivedaughter of Mr. and Mrs. B. B.JMarsh, on the Maysville pike. Dancing was enjoyed from 8:30 to 11:30.Those present were: Misses .AnnaWilson, Matilda James, Louise Steele,-Elizabeth Brown, Katherine Marsh,Alice Rogers Clay, Frances Champe;Thomas Prichard, Duke Brown, Hiram Roseherry, Maurice Polk, Wm.Walton, Ireland Davis and DouglasClay. 'Mr. and Mrs. W A. Beheler entertained Monday afternoon at' theirhome on Twelfth street from one tofour. The house was beautifullydecorated in Christmas colors, redand green, holly andpoinsetta andmarfy red hellswere used effectively.The occasion fwas a luncheon-euchregiven in honor of Mrs. W. B. Bell, ofGallipolis O., who has bedn visitingher for several weeks. An elegantthree-course luncheon was served atone, o'clock, after which a number ofinteresting games were enjoyed.Those present were Mrs. W. B. Bell,Mrs. Geo. W. Eliis, Mrs. W. A. Wa"en, Mrs. C. D. Roebuck, Miss MarthaWyatt, Mrs. Roy Clendenin, Mrs..D."3. Henry, Mrs. L. M. True, Ms. W. C.Dodson, Mrs. Rebecca Rudisill, Mrs.Olarence Ashurst, Mrs. Curtis Henry, Mrs. P. L. Jameson, Miss RanaOwens, Miss Blanche Lilleston, MissLaura Lilleston, Mrs. F. P. Campbell and Mrs. Albert H. Morehead.HIS STOMACH-?.rTROULEkOVERMr:, Dyspeptic, would you not liketo'feei that your stomach trouoleswere over, that you could eat anykind of food you desiredwithQut injury? That may seem so unlikely toyou that you do not even hope for anending of youi; trouble, but permit usto"assure you that it isnot altogetherimpossible. If others can be curedpermanently, and thousands havebeen, why not you? John R. Baker;of Battle Creek, Mich., is one of themHe says: "I was troubled with heartburn, indigestion, and liver complaint until I used Chamberlain's Tablets; then my trouble was over."Sold by all dealers. (adv)(Jan)T "TLe!eJtuttMr"fveryRac193 MARRIAGE LICENSESISSUED DURING PAST YEARDuring the past year County ClerkPearce Paton issued a total of 193Tiarriage licenses, 116 of which were'ssued to white couples and the remaining 77 to colored persons.READ ADD ON PAGE EIGHT.Don't fail to attend the big clearance sale at Mitchell & Blakemore's,which opens Saturday, January 3.Everything reduced. Come to thisitore now and save money.3RONAUGH NAMED ASJESSAMINE COUNTY ATTORNEYJudge W. H. Phillips has appointedMr. N. L. Bronaugh county Attorneyto fill the vacancy caused by thedeath, of. County Attorney W. M.Watts. The appointment lasts fortwo ytars, at which time Mr. Watts'successor will be elected. Mr. Bronaugh is one of the leading attorneysat the Nicholasville bar.PROPERTY PURCHASEDBY HAGGIN INTERESTS.James B. Haggin and allied interests in Lexington, it is stated, havecompleted the purchase of a block ofproperty on East Main street, Lexington, fronting ninety-five' feet onthe north side for $150,000. In the lastyear the Haggin interests have invested 400;000 in business propertyin the same section of Main street.Sledding timeis hereThe healthy winter sportof sledding gives vim, vigorand rich red blood to boy or girl.But to fully enjoy the fun ofwhizzing over the snow and thethrill of coasting you must have aFfexifch r FlyerThe only sled with grooved runners!smmwmmmmtIWistToThaM8My many friends and patrOiwfor their liberal patronage the .past year our banner yeaanVthe largest business in our ex- '.-istance of 55 years. J.May the New Year bringyouhappinessand prosperity.ir8 W. Ed TuckedParis' Only Exclnsive Dry Goods Store,arWe Keep theQualityWe have a complete line ot new 1913models. Before you buy a sled let usshow you the many superior advantages of the Flexible Flyer.Lock forthis'mmTw wri-,j.iirL -rrvnrn9Mxr?mMIIt'sTRADEMARKDaughertyBros.WRESTLING MATCH AT DPERA .HOUSE JANUARY 5.On Monday night, January 5, Dr. B.F. Roller, of Seattle, Washington,anTBillie Jenkins, of Chicago, willwrestle at the Paris Opera House forthe heat two out of three falls. Dr.Roller is conceded to be the greatestwrestler in the United States withthe exception of Prank Gotch, theheavy weight champion, and vfts hehas appeared in a match in this, cityonce before, he is no stranger to thelovers of the wrestling game in Paris.Two other preliminaries will also beheld the same night. Dr. Rollerwill wrestle "Strangler" Lewis atLexington on the following Tuesdaynight and it is an unusual "thing fora town the size of Paris to be able tohave such well-known wrestlers asDr. Roller and Billy Jenkins appearbefore them. It "is a foregone conclusion that they will be greeted by alarge audience when they appear 'onthe mat Monday night. Tickets onsale Saturday, January ;3r at Mitchell& Blakemore's.We sell what -is good, and ask you tobuy our shoes because they are good.It isn't price that sells our shoes, forshoes can be made to sett at any price.Goodness, Merit, Worth andValue That Sell Them,The same applies to our Children's Shoes. 'Children are hard on shoes, but most ofthe trouble lies in poor shoes and poor -shoemaking. Our shoes are good, and J" ,are made by the best of shoe makers.; i,Give us a call and be convinced. , y-Up7Geo. Mc Williams,I PhcPhones 301The Shoe ManIrPASSING OF THE OLD VEAR s.. VERY QUIETLY' OBSERVEDTfcV Paris Gjls & Electric Co. wishto aumounoe that in accordance withihpirrinafomjLrYr broad policy of Cus-msrrTTRt- fh t.h usual low'!Drir. on sil tkines electrical willnmvsv Hnrr tKe tveftr Nineteen-Hundred and Fourteen. For your in-forrrmftrVkMr-irish to 8tte that thlSinclude all kiad of electric wiring,Lelectrid- ir, grills, coffe percoia-tors. triatftrs. vacuum'. Gleaners, lans,.lamps, fatarda and hw)" jnotorsj74l'Via rUTUJiv invites critVCWBl Ol-W - ' &H .SttCtt comeThe Bourhon Dancing Cluh ,entertained with its usual Christmasdance at Elks Hall, Monday evening.The dance was one of the most enjoyable of the season and a fitting compliment to the many holiday visitors.Those nresent were:William Walton, Currier EarlyJAlex Hall, Curry Martin, R. B..Jew-ell, W. W. Ward, J. A. Yamngton,W. S. Mitchell, Prentice Slade, v. K.McAdams, Bradley Portwood Clarence Egbert, Gus Gay (Lexington);LucleiL Smith, 'Burton Thompson(Nicholasville); Felix Renick (Wih-'chester)r Charles Ferguson, -Groyerhropsjhire, Joe Games, Lryons spritzer (Georgetown) ; Douglas Clay,' TomPrichard Juke BJrpwn, , Blair Varden,Ed Fithian, Lucien Arnsparger,Coleman , Renick, Ernest Martin, tTno..Stuart, Joe Dsayis1, Hiram Roseherry,Jams Thompson, Bob Jones, JasonJledmoni William Collins, GrahamYoung, John Ardery, Harmon Turner,Hairy Horton, Hugh; -Ferguson, Ireland Davis G. C. Thompson; MissesAnaa Wilson, Matilda James, LouiseSteele, Elizabeth Renick, ElizabethBrown, Erances Fhinell, MarynellFinnell, Ethel Thomas, CorneliaBlackburn (Georgetown) ; ' FrancesChaiapjeV ,Miane Ball Mooi-e (Hardto'laiuxaiiet Thurnfan ($,ou); Aniia. mbry,f Alice7 Rogers!argttrpt Ardery, " CathijneLaura Steele, Sarah Spacer,Ll2smtThe new year of 1914 was usheredin Wednesday night with but littledemonstration of any sort.j Therewas a conspicuous absence of ringing bells and the sound of whistles.The only event of note which, markedthe passing, of the old year and thewelcoming of the new was the cabaret and watch dinner at the cafe of"Kid" Stout, which was a fashionableevent in every, detail.Every table in the spacious roomon the first floor of the building wasoccupied, as well as those of the second floor: The diners began to assemble. about 11 o'clock, and were admitted to 'the rooms. Each table was ascene of beauty, profusely, decoratedwith beautiful flowers, "whjch wereset off to a marked decree bv the nol-lishedv silver and glass watfe.rne menu was very; elaborate 'andconsisted of the following: Bluepoints on the half shell, hearts oflpelery, consomme de velaille, Cross& Blackweli's walnuts, broiled whitefish, Veneienne butter, shoestringpotatoes,, cold asparagus, punch;roast young; turkey, oyster dressing,cranberry jelly, Jnashed potatoes,French peas, endive salad, Frenchdressing, French Bibaro ice cream,marshinallow cakes, Roquefortcheese, .Bent's biscuits and Coffee.The menuwas elegantly served' ineight courses. . " iDuring the. liours the crUes'ts wereserved a, string orchestra discourseducu.uuu.iu uuiu, wane two .cabaret,girls. ang- during- the enie .evening.i.ne amair was, tlie,,mostdelikMul:pi tm e(pn,.and wm aflttms-3 mSM.HINT ON-X, -o.:-V:l5.F V:.- ,Happy Mew-Yearv . . -'V1914.V,.t.V:We Wish to Thank "The Publip For the Largest ,Business During the Pa.st YearWe Have Ever. Had.We Also wish Every CitizendfParis and Bourbon County a'?,' -" 'Uappy: :Jlti-. -'!',-"iw--'ffl' - :A,-Tt yf - -- - , VP, - -:; ''fi-jpT - '-''4,-..--:- '' --'.' .'4";-.-:f -. :jW,ww ' a" ..r-r1 w-?f-V "" ' '''i2. "V r ' - ' -" 'Mmtojic&'&.mx:i m. 1 -VHbod IVIaritIs;SrA V E5, ;YOU M ONE Y- .UHciertakins .fAmit-ym&sivt3 I. sM? x&VJlk. ihAperones wre: lit.yfyiA Mrs,W??arf-vy-ZsX'-.-"-'-'.V':&t's;'-,!-.V. ',-v --P"... '.&It; -c? r. ?--',-.t.r :rsA&iiiL ? 'M.?-g" --.;.. .ewp ..i.',---iM: -i. v, ?4fcNMBiwiBiii dMftdafcaaMWJtffrVTHE! ajUKfTONjNEW PARIS, KY JANUARY 2,141-.-a' VJ?-'KHpfc'lfc-jBjB-L itKU'w"..sjr, r,--smifmrmtfiffejob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!t&V5ySZ&rZTHE&0URB0NNewsvAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such as.billheads;LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as yedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.t - ---'Let us figure with you onon your next, workOur f aeilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price Job' Presses come .around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.-rOk Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for$2.00. ,Advertising ratesreasonaWe and made' Hfewnon application.EWSPAPER ACCOUNr OF V' JAS'. A. STEWART'S DEATH1-:The Wheeling, W. Va.t Intelligent,,r giyes tjhe following account, of theaath of Mr. James A. Stewart, for-'3rly of "this city, which occurreoVinilat city recently: - , T"While en route to attend a meet-g of Wheeling Commandery No.lnights Templar, James A. Stewart,pioneer resident of the city, wastricken with heart trouble and colored on the sidewalk on the Island.pproach - to the Suspension bridgeout 7:45 last night, dying immedi;ely. He left his home apparentlya good health, having eaten a hearty.eal and hurried iaway to be presentthe meeting. He worejihe uniformf the lodge when death called him."He was alone when the end camend no person could be found whoaw him fall. The first, known of hislemise was when two young menound his body lying on the sidewalkn front of the 'round house' on thexpproach to the bridge. The oysnotified persons in the neighborhood"uid the body was carried to the home3f Mr. Herbert O. Baer, where Dr.W. P. McGralL was called, but it waswoo late,. as death had won. Js"As soon as the word was passeda great ,eroWd 'gathered near theplace where the unfortunate manfell. For a time his identity was indoubt, as few of the younger peopleknew him, until L. A. Lallance'Jr.,a great friend of the dead man, Vascalled and identified the body. Coroner Galla Mitchell was called to thescene but stated that an inquest wasunnecessary and that he would depend oh the diagnosis of Dr. McCrall,who had been called immediately after his death, and who had alreadyfixed the cause as heart failure superinduced by old age."Following the momentary inquestthe body was remoVed to the home ofhis niece, Mrs. Curtis P. Brown, atNo. 310 North N Front street, wherethe body was prepared for burial.Curtis Brown, nephew of the. deceased, who is secretary of he F. W.Baumer Company, and at the time ofthe sad occurrence was working atthe store, was almost prostrated withgrief at the sad message, as he hadleft Mr. Stewart in apparently goodhealth when he departed for hiswork following the evening meal."Friends of the family and old copartners in business who had knownAir. Stewart in the eariy days of hislife and who had been associated withthem in practically all the walks oflife, are almost prostrated with thesad message imparted to them lastnight: Few men have enjoyed thewide friendship and hearty good will"$Nov WellTbedford'sBlack-Draughtbest all-round medicineit thelever used," writes J. A.Steelman, ofPattonville, Texas."1 suffered terribly with liver Itroubles, and could get no relief. IrThe doctors said I had consumption. I could not work, atall. Finally I triedTHEM'SBLACKDRAUGHT Vand fo my surprise, I got befcr,and am to-day as well. as anyman." Thedford's BlackDraught is a general, cathartic,vegetable liver medicine, thathas been regulating irregularities of the liver, stomach andbowels, for over 70 years. Geta package today. Insist on thegenuine Thedford's. E-70which was in the midst of preparation for the Christmas festivities,was plunged into the, deepest loom.The life which had gone forth fromthem in health and good, will wasbrought back to them stiff and cold,nevermore to speak or to greet theloved ones who had been the cheerof his aged personage on this earthlyshore. A life spent m usefulness andwork, and for which none can sayaught against him, had departed tomeet its Maker in the land beyond.".03,.VJCHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDY:Special Rates SrExenrsioH.Round trip Winter, Tourists to allprincipal winter resorts in Alabama,Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi South Carolina r and Havana,Cuba, on sale daily, Oct. 1, 1913, untilApril 30, 1914, with final limit May 31,1914; also to -principal winter resortsin Texas and New Mexico, on saledaily Nov. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914,with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberalstopovers allowed on ah winter tourist tickets. Also low round tripHomeseekers' tickets to points in Arizona, Arkansas Louisiana, Missouri,New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Colorado,Kansas," Montana, Nevada North Dakota, South Dakota and CHfornia onsale first and third Tuesdays of eachmonth, final limit 25 days from dateof sale, stopovers allowed in Homeseekers' territory. For further information, call no or address,W. H. HARRIS, Agent.T. K. SMITH, T. A.rttftoHfetfe l the1fc?3& --MOr4 ; ASfc'" t V aJH. - luup.t &83Bfcfc - .- ,25c,IBLexinstosg Ky.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,Rmclosed find photo of hoc tit.cured of cholera with yr 3ofhjSjiH6f5 Cholera RemedyA This Imc malmost dead before uatnc the misSaad then was entirely cured, eotesjtlose of ears, tall, etc. The hofjjtowaed by Mr. Skilea Bwimfc e-jlMf-liagGreen. Ky. He wUl be g3a4 tegive yon a testimonial, and W9 esiajtseveral more if you want thea; 'JENKINS-SUBLBTT DRUG CO.,, Bowline Greea, KyAsk Your Druggist forFOR SALE BY W. T. BROOKS.This remedy has no superior forLeave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m5:20 p m3:30 p m-4:20 p m5:0p p m7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p mDaily except Sunday.Leave Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m'8:15 a m3:00 am9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:45 p m8:15-p m10:05 p mSitieneral public so much as " oaSSi 'To'oiar ItV pTeit totake. It contains no opium or otherdeceased."Mr. Stewart was well-known fra-'ternally, and took great interes t inwork along this line. He was a member of the commandery of KnightsTemplar, of Cynthiana, Kentucky, being a" past commander of that body.During the time he has been a member of the order he has never misseda -meeting, and at the time of hisdeath was on his way to visit his.adopted commandery of this city.He was one of he widest known Masons of the states of West Virginiaand Kentucky, taking an active partin all their conventions."The deceased has been a lifelongmember of the Protestant Episcopalchurch, being affiliated with SaintLuke's P. B. church on the Island.During his entire life hp, has been successful in business and has ever beenready to help those in need."He was the son of John Park andSarah Hughes Stewart, and was born'in Martinsburg, West Virginia, InFebruary, 1833. He came to thiscity when but a mere boy. Aftergraduating from the public schools- ofthe city, he entered the employ of theLogan Drug Company, and traveledfor them much -after the fashion ofcircuit riders during the early 60's.A grand niece of the deceased said,last night hat when she was but achild he would tell her of the coldwinter days that he had ridden mileafter mile over rough unbrokenmountains, exposed Ajq wild storjnsand to' the wilder beasts that infested those mountains at that time."Mr. Stewart was connected withthis firm until 1870, whenhe went toParis, Kentucky, and there enteredbusiness for himself. Here, he workeduntil 1903, when he returned to hishome town and purchased the drugstore at the corner of Zane and Pennstreets, now occupied by W. T. Dinsimore. He later sold the business toMr. Lallance and returned to Kentucky, -where he resumed his former'business relations in that town untilthree years ago, when he came, tothis city to live with his 'nearest relative," Mrs. Curtis Brown, of NorthFront street."Here he has resided in a retiredfashion for the past three years, devoting nis time to the work of thelodge and his church.Deceased wasa successful business man. Althoughnot a graduate ofany college, he haddug out the ingredients of a medicinal education by close study andpractical experience. His educationwas the' kind taught by the living.things and objects with which hecame in contact. He was a registered druggist in the states of West Virginia and Kentucky, and one of thebest authorities on pharmaceuticalwork in he state."His library of knowledge andbooks has long been the help of manya young fellow who was first entering upon the field of pharmacy, andnow with the passing of this greatlife they have lost a friend -who wasmaterially and spiritually a guideworthy of following."Stop now the pages of history andsee the wide difference with whichpersons meet their Maker at the end.vWith probably unusual gusto the nowdead man relished his supper winchhad been prepared by his niece andhad made ready to attend he meetingof his brothers in secret. Leavinghome with spirits high and feelingin the best jof health, he walked tothe bridge which would have carriedhim to the city proper, and there, byone .mere touch of thehand of deathfell, never to rise again. The firstintimation or warning "that the unsuspecting family had of the sad occurrence was when a messenger anto them that their beloved trelaUvenarcotic.(Jan)For sale by alldealers.(adv)That six members of the West Virginia Legislature are guilty of briberyand should be expelled was the decision of a joint committee of theLegislature.BUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop.Three Expert Artists; NoWaits.Hot and ColdBaths.Main t. - Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.No matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zercAmalgamated Are Eosiiigcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFING'is very riiable. It is the Perfect Rjmg, 'and the insurance rate is no higher tbikwhen slate or metal is used. , ,V7e nuthorlzc orr events to refund the xOBe$A our Roofing 3 cot porlectiy satisfactory. ,vAMALGAMATED HOOFING CO. gSold by Millersburg Coal and: .m Lumbre Co., jjjlMillersburg Ky. , $Professional CardsBECKHAM RESIGNSA$ L. & N. ATTORNEYJ. C. W.UnitedBeck-1StatesiMarMopWindsor Hotel.Former Governorham. candidate torSenator before the August primary ;election, has severed his connectionwith the Louisville & Nashville Rail- Modem Equipment.roau company, aua iae mmum neutral Railroad Company.Along with the announcementcomes the dissolution of the law firmof McQuown & Beckham, of Frankfort. The ill-health of Judee LouisMcQuown caused his resignation from CA RL CR AWFORaJPolite Service.Everything Sanitary. ,Children's Work a Specialty.Dr. ' Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phonea-JILT 13.'( X1UUIC J.OU.Residence,S E. T. 334.) Home S34.DR. A. U KELJkER, 4.- Practicing Physicij,Offices, Rooms and 5, ElkB Bid g;Paris - - Kentucky' ,J J. WILLIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW..Room 1 Elks Buildine.r1When Your Blood is RightYour Whole System is Right5 $?If You Have any Blood or Skin Diseases DO NOT; ' (Jnfcil It is too late, but order c-TO-DAY!''&-,-DELAYlotSpringsIt si iff- "A Complete and Positive. Remedy forSYPHILIS, fecZEMA, ERYSIPELAS,ACNE, MALARIA, RHEUMATISMand all other forms of Blood and Skin Diseases.Hot .Springs Physicians pronounce this the Greatest Blood and Skin Remedy ever placedJ&i- " v - J. on the Market. . - tfiiiZ&j.Sfidkit Course Treatment Six Bottles, $1S.OOlrSingle Bottle, $5.00.VWe Prepare a Remedy For Every Disease.Our Treatment of Female Ills is the Greatest oKind Ever Offered to Suffering WomenWrite us your troubles. All correspondence strictly confidential.HotT Springs ; Medicalr'xte't , iCompawf x803 1-2 -Central tAveme. HoKfaptis,. Avkt-- Jh1t. S "', L .. u. "- , - - . - . - ft -" - ViwT, , JCtUi'i. hiroTia etrnlnfc- tfciftfw -? r y &v . ..... 7 . .... ? - Jr:r. a "-.JBiiu &ft!HtnjKf&oU(a; yJfr" .Mw"sn m .?A," i".- ,?AV-J, -V -.-"VV -n!Af P 1ft,N- Jr Jt"-1-5pv('.1"?'H ?u's'ti 'I!''&&. V" --ihadliied..Itome,i rh IhbW- '-e53s3BSKI """-sr- -:if, . ' . vW1 Ht BOURBON Nfc PARItKrmiY JiWUARY 2, 11'w -k ..-- i'-T ' s"P ita""---- - -iMiifc. . -., . -ax. LUMJWQJlJDuIIyu- "" " 1Continued CL OSING OUT S A LEI Continue30 CNTIIIUECI 3d dA& LONGER. I.'Lii .h Z BH - T BT IBIHB SE.B1 ' B- Bl Bl . flL BL l 'ft Zmr Bar BH Bl -iBTuhiiir riihRa fliiii iiiabijuiiia ha URiiirR. - -ft www w w w wmw -wwwwbbw w w w w wh t , w . .-.:.i Longer. -r:; -, : : - Long i,bv a g x ge m bj y, -j"- b mwmmmm fBfBBBBBBBBBBBBBB1ll 3UI 13 bbbbbbb-bbbbbbbbV mmmmmm bbbbbbbbI - :- BBBlBBBBBB1 bWBBBB ASK THOSE-iL :; bbbbbb. t 'Jmmmw BBBBBer-- .bbbbby bbbbbibbbbbbbw tbbbbbbbbbbbbbV bbbbbbbbbbbbV bbbbbbbbbbbbbbw Tbbbbb. i .t- .w 'r b m- ma hOVFRfOAT feliPB THEY WILL IfI , ASK THOSEtWHO HAVEVISITED US.THEY WILLTELL YOU -OFTHEBARGAINSWE ARESHOWING,$8.85ANDEri,g Els. 26 P., tot. MLUNITED CLOTHINGSTORES.ASK THOSE .WHO HAVEVISITED US. .THEY WILLTELL YOUy OF THE'BARGAINSWE ARESHOWING.$885HWANTED.Traveler, for 1914, a beginner, -aal--aryoonimission and expense money.Liberal offer and agreement. J. E.JCcBrady Chicago, 111.PUBLIC SALEWe, the undersigned, will offerpublic sale theatMasters' SaleIMPERIAL ENTERS TOBACCOMARKET AT HOPKINSVILLEOF,For Sale.1913 Yale Motocysle, (twin) withtandem, headlight and Prest-o-Lite"Tank. In A-l condition. At a bargainif sold at once. Apply to Lowry, careJUamo Theatre. (3-3t)Notice to Stockholders.The stockholders of the BourbonBank: of Paris, Kentucky, will meet atthe banking house on Monday, Januiiary 5, 1914, between hours of 9 a msmd 8 p. m., to elect directors for theensuing year.B. WOODFORD, PresidentB. WOODFORD, Jr., Cashier(23-4t)Notice to Stockholders.The stockholders of the DepositBank of Paris, Kentucky, will meet,see(j.LIVE STOCK AND FARMING IMPLEMENTS BELONGING TO THEESTATE OF THE LATE C. M.CLAY,at his late residence, "Auvergne," onthe Winchester pike in Bourbon county, Ky., onWednesday, Jan. 21, 1914,beginning with, the implements at 9o'clock a, m.165 head of 1,000 pound feedingcattle;15 extra fine black yearling cattle;14 black cows and calyes;I black bull;500 ewes bred to Jamb in February;160 shoats, average 120 pounds;22 work mules;II horses;3,000 bushels 1913 crop BluegrassLAND!" BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTEmma filler Clay,, &c ..- PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sale..Horace Miller Clay, &c, - DefendantsJ. T. Thomas, manager for the Imperial Tobacco Company, at Hopkinsville, has received instructions to' reenter the tobacco market, and the bigA PUZZLE.We borrow from the New YorkPress ,the following instructive history of a head of cabbage:."This head of cabbage is grown, bya small farmer in Connecticut, who60 tons baled hay;Lot of baled straw;Lot of corn ifl shock;35 acres ensilage, with privilege ofat the banking house on Monday,January 5, 1914, between the hours of3 a. m. and 3 p. m., to elect directorsor. tke ensuing year.J. M. HALL, President. Hqi ,, ma Tnf .-,. mi-rx-.r a rr n T- l . muu. .w wwu. iv. inuMAO, uaauier. -,o BiueCTasa strinners:. 23-4t) 1 Blizzard blower:Water tank and pump;Hay rake;Notice to Stockholders.The stockholders of the Agricultural Bank of Paris, Kentucky, willaneet at the banking house on Monday, January 5, 1914, between theSours of 9 a. m. and 3 p. m. to electdirectors for the ensuing year.J. W .DAVIS, President,JNO. J. McCLlNTOCK, Cashier(23-4t)'4Notice to Stockholders.Tk cns1rViOr?urc rf HlO PArtnlAR'Bank of Paris, Kentucky will meet ykindsScrapers;Mowers;Drills;Cultivator;Binders;Disc Harrows; ;Corn, Planters ;Plows;Motor car;Buggies;Farm wagons;Cartsr - : .. : ".New carriage;Spring: wagon;'Wheat fan;Gear;Harness;And farming implementsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the above styled action, the undersigned Master' Commissioner willsell at public auction. b the highestand best bidder at the- Court Housedoor in the City of Paris, Ky., atabout the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., onSATURDAY, JAN. 10th, 1914,the following described property:plant there will be operated this sea- j gets a cent and a half for it. It firstson and the usual purchases put up. goes to the commission merchant,Since the adverse verdict rendered ' who lives on Riverside Drive, paysaginst the Imperial at Morganfleld $2,000 a year for his apartment;they had withheld from the market , keeps an, automobile, . and. , spends$2,000 a year. Next the cabbage issent to the wholesaler,, who lives onrecently overhauled, .nd is ready to West End, Avenue,. -4n an $1,800 apart-start up any day, and it will just as ment, keeps an automobile and whoall over the State.The Dlant at HoDkinsville has beensoon as sufficient stock can be gottentogether.Until a few days ago not a poundof tobacco had been bought by thecompany, but in addition to buyingon the lpose floors buyers will be putinto the country this week, and theywill go after the tobacco.This means that the Imperial willput up from 3,000,000 to 5,000,000pounds.HIS STOMACH TROUBLES. OVERMr: Dyspeptic, would you not liketo feel that your stomach "troubles"Beginning at a stone corner to were over inai yu coum eai-cniri nin.v in thA nm-fhom margin nf kind of- food you desired without hi-th rieht-of-wav of tfm Frantfort. 8r. ry? , That may seem so unlikely toCincinnati Railroad-, and runningyou that you do not even hope for antherefrom N 87 W, 16.65 chains with ending of your trouble, but permit ussaid railroad to a stone corner to assure you that it is not altogetherto. W. R. Scott; thence with impossible. If others can be curedhis line N 3 B 49.94 chains to the Permanently, and thousands havemiddle of said turnpike; thence N J? J nc J?hn BSer'miHHio rtf en? fiirninivo. fhoo ' m of Battle Creek, Mich., is one of them86 B 6.36 chains to the middle of He says.: " wa troubled with heart.same; thence S 87 B 3.63 chains to burn m5Jtl0' ?d v llve.r , S"?'the middle of same; thence S 81 B flfint until l used Chamberlain's Tab-C rt.t nVii-t, X Vi mMiltA .P anmn n lICIO, H1C11 111V UUUU1U Y ttO VOi.spends $6;000 a year Thence thecabbage goes to he jobber, who livesin a $1,500 apartment on upperBroadway, keeps an automobile andspends $5,000 a year. From him thecabbage travels to the retailer, wholives in a $700 apartment on a sidestreet, has a corner store for whichhe pays $25 a' month rent, keeps twodelivery wagons at- a cost of $140 permonth, and spends $2,500 on hfs living. Finally the cabbage gets to Mr.Ultimate Consumer, who 'lives in a$40-a-month tenement, rdes in thetrolley car or, subway, spends all hecan make or a little more to live, andpays for that head of cabbage thirteen cents."Puzzle--Find the cabbage head.ED TIPTON TO MANAGE iC. K. G. BILLINGS' INTERESTSEdward A. Tipton presidentgeneral manager of the. KeotTrotting Horse Breeders' Assoc!and formerly of Paris,, who is. iaiested with C. K. G. Billings, thYork millionaire trotting' hoinatc-in further developing theting industry, has been engaged;Mr. Billings tomanage the horse ;partment of the Curl's Necknear Richmond, Va., which waa fcentljr acquired by Mr. Billings.Tipton, it is announced, expects tqvide his time- between Lexiniand New York. He succeeds CITanner, who for years hasthe horse interests of Billings,who recently resigned.VbgueClothesof allTERMS:5S underDeiween uuuio uj. . . nft - , nvA rf f ,ith anDrovedand 5 p. m., to elect directors ot - - ... .iawi""'i "- ' .t?l ItSurnVm:! AU purchases under J50.00, cas;lie ensuing yearW. P. ARDBRY, President,S. E. BEDFORD, Cashier.(23-4t)Curtis&OverbyI iA. xt ntiHnlio"Qo -r ho mnvonfrqm premises without cash or apj proved note.W. R. SHACKLEFORD,T. J. CURTIS;Executors C. M. Clay.(30dec-6.-13-20 jan3lusinesslMcn's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)CHAIRS - 3Expert Barbers fPbfite Attendonttotand CoW Baths atA.HoursNo Long Waits,are of the Public Palronage SoKcited.r ... vi-, , iii; tw4 U1" I w?Jviitw?tCANCER CURED Jarantee every case I urn-to vears raoMce: rr-isy cltirenefr fAWM. R. MITH,Psfts, .Ky.WFVl$i 7K iO llthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Injurethis by Retting the oil that burns .clear and clean without, flickerdown to the last drop. Fennaylvaniacrude ollrefined to.perfectCpn.C6tts no more than the Inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saveR eyas. ,,,w ATT ,Your deakr has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. StoH Oil Co.Lexingten, Ky.RehaerratAVarren, Pa.We st'tbaciicbrated "NoCarb"4 "' ' Auto OSLIVPltHK.frffacorner to. said Clay; thence with hisline S 3W 50.00 chains to the beginning, containing eighty-four (84)acres." vSaid sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money,purchaser being required' to executebond for equal installments of thepurchase price with good surety thereon to be approved by the MasterCommissioner, payable to said Commissioner and bearing interest at therate of 6 per cent, per annum fromdate of sale until paid, ana to remaina lien on the property sold until fullypaid and to have the force and effectof a judgment. 'C. A. MCMILLAN,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.(Dec26-jan219)LEMON TRUST EXISTS 4SCHARGED. IN LAW SUfT.Charges that a lemon trust exists inNew York and has maintained a lobbyinTVashington to reduce tlie tariffon lemons are made in a suit filed inNew York recently by William S.Armstrong, receiver for the Mercan-dante-ReganCompany, Importers offruits.Armstrong seeks to recover damages from the Sicula-American Steamship Company, which he says enteredinto' an agreement hi 1911 with theFruit ''importers Union and other importers of lemons to add 2 pence,English money, to the regular freightrates on every .box of lemons broughthere' by the line. Th& Mercadante-Began Company, which failed in 1912,was not a member of the union or aparty to the, agreement, Armstrong relates, but was compelled to use thesteamers of the Sicula-American Company and pay the extra rate. 'The plaintiff alleges that this extratax was to be used to lobby for .a reduction of the tariff on Italian lemons,in opposition to the efforts of the California lemon growers, who wantedthe tariff retained.OUCH!Dear Luke Anent your statementin the Sunday; Enpuirer that you hadwritten over 4000 original jokes, andrhymes" for Bits of Byplay duringlthe last two years.1 read your column every day andSold by all dealers.(Jan)(adv.).CHRONIC CONSTIPATION CURED"Five years ago I. had the worstcase of chronic constipation I everknew 6f, and Chamberlain's Tabletscured me," writes W. S. Fish, Brooklyn, Mich. For sale by all dealers.(Jan) (adv)HINDMAN, KY.,xTO rmiSEFROM THE ASHES.Advices from Hindman, Knott county, say that plans are completed forthe immediate beginning of construction of the burned district of the county seat of Knox county. Modern, andthoroughly up-to-the-times businessbuildings will, rise up phoenix-like inthe wake of the disastrous conflagration. The Hindman Bank will erecta $20,000 home, while Francis Day &Co. will ereqt a splendid store build-.ing to cost in the aggregate of $25,000.BUMPER YEAR IK AMERICADESPITE EXTREME DROUTHSTen billion dollars' worth of products, $5,000,000,000 of cash incomea bumper , year in spite of drouthsand other setbacks is the 1913. record of 6,000,000 American farms.The most successful year of husbandry in the United States broughtforth $6,100,000,000 worth of crops,of which $2,896,000,000 were represented by cereals alone, and $3,650,000,000 worth of animals sold andslaughtered and animal products.The value of, the 1913 crops is twiceas great as that of 1899; more than a$1,000,000,000 over 1909; and substantially greater in 1912. Of all thecrops, however, it. is estimated that52 per -;ent will remain on farmswhere they were produced and that.20 .per cent, of the animal productionwill remain. On that basis the cashincome is estimated by the Department of Agriculture at $5,847,000,000.But despite a record year of cropvalue although the record of production has fallen and the fact thatthe number of farms has increased11' per cent, since 1910, until thereare now estimated to be 6,000,000farms in the country, the department,in a discussion of the subject recentlymade public,- does not take the view.that a lower cost of living will followas a consequence.t -CHICAGOPOLICE WOMANPROVES HER WORTHFORA town man occasionally can shapehis business so that he can lie downbeside it and take a nap. But a farmer, after his regular work has been-ST T- J - i -It- t T - . - w ..mrs. mary nuyu, one ul uiucago s attended to, always has a well to dig.ten policewomen, is not. a igrge womvan, but she is muscularFridav sherboarded a street car while a powerfully Dunt man ana tne conauctor wereengaged in a fight over ja. transfer.Mrs. Boyd showed her star and separated the two men, telling the passenger he was uhder arrest. When heresisted the officer she pulled him Qffthe carr stood him against a post andrang for the patrol wagon.CIRCUIT JUDGES OF STATEWILL CONVENE TODAYhave learned- which are the rhymesdv tne tynoRTannjoei arrangement.tiV$ou pjease telie-4o-ltoKdjiJcah; clce preijnt, Judge JUJam.Circuit judges from all ovei; theState will meet in Louisville todayfor- the annual meeting of theassociation of Circuit Judges of Kentucky,which is to be held at the Hotel Henry Waterson, Judge William H.Field, of Louisville, will speak on"Actions By Prand,' and Judge- Chas.-Marshall of Shelbyville, will also address the members.Arrangements for the meeting,which will include a luncheon at theJhotel",, are being made by the Jdgesof the Jefferson County Court,Judges James P. Gregory, JamesQuarles, Samuel B. Kirby, William H.Field, Thomas R. Gordon, Walterv-P.Lincoln arid W, M. Smith.- Officers of the organisation are:President, Judge W: M. Reed, of PaThe attitude of the Warden' of theKansas penitentiary is attractingattention. Not wishing to set a badexample for the convicts, he shavedoff his whiskers before taking chargeof the institution.SALE OF MR. GREEN. LEER .TUESDAY IS WELL ATTENDEDAuctioneer. . Geo. D. Speakes, ofthis city, Tuesday conducted' the sale.of stock, crop and -farming implements of Mr. Green Leer on his farmknown as the. Socrates Bowles farm,,about four and. one-half.. miles froinParis, on theTackstown pike. A partof the farm was. recently sold by MrLeer to Mr. John Lair, at $160 peracre The sale was well attendedand everything brought good prices,asfoliows: sSheep, $6.50 to $T.75 per head; catle shoats, $3 to $7.10 each; sows, $15to $25; milch cows, $75 to $95; yearling cattle, $51 per head; one sucklingcalf, $58; feeders, weighing 400 lbe.,$72.80. -per head;t four coming yearling mules, $124.75 eachr four yearling mules, $77.5 eae&; one pir fve-year-oldmutes, ,$4M.5fr; one peir.mares. $425: oom in the crie.9f to -14.20 per eerrelf cor m tkemooki'8MJ&-1&.tor Cf -Suits andOvercoatsJ $18.00 to $20.00 4Young GentlemenA Special Feature with us.Kmg "Quality Shoes lrrMen and Boysrimaps 8 FlaniragaiDoyle BuildingOct 3 tf. -piI' . - s-''w . i, r -mmmmwmmmmmmmwmmmmmm t ont tne .lofeee? wasmniftoa woura. jm. tui: - &ecrecairy, .iwib ,jammt i seats par-eases,Nail 55Iflc StoreWe thzink the publicer a wonderful bwiuess done in our storein 1913. and witevery oae a HapfyNew Year. N&,v,- y iNATION5cancl0c :- ' ?-& :aW . iJleT l t iT - r. w j- WmwMMnc " .v-.i.imiii-.v .i. g. .- aN,vrtM'(""m; -Jz'-r ' :";.' Z: " soms.- .. -' :;-..' A-m',:fci - .' .tJMs'-&.r?ia&m-ttweveiwRjfc- - M;-.": sLtS".".?j$LCti". ..- --"-; ';-; &&&&i)sirt ' )-,?THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JANUARY 2, 1974.-. I . "sa, f f.l' M . J 'I1, ii issc8ppyffiss3BwffiiFiiwffi-TC H ELL & -00 L A k E MOR E ? S.-II Ml- 4Wk H L B 1 Bf B B Bh'I l BBBl BbI BT BflBH BB fliB l BhH l? lB k. flHH Mk HHIHHBJK JB B bAiAiAiAiAiAiJB H H B BH BB KVKVKVKVb kvkvkvkvi kvkvkvkv avkvh kvkvkvkvkv. f H bH V4 bbB BBMB' bbbbbV bS H bH i H bVbB BBBB BB B Hi bVbh l bb4 bbt H H AV bV bV H B Bj1 " HbP Hi IIH H iB bbbbbW bbbI HH bbS;-H H B .BL B H bH bb B hB -bbAI bH flH -HHiIi JvvIISTARTS SATURDAY, JANUARY 4 1914The mild winter weather the past few months has been against the clothing business," and in order to reduce our stock of Clothing Mats, Shoes andGents' Furnishings sacrifice prices will be made on all merchandise in our store. This is a rare opportunity for you to buy high-class clothes at prices whicharet greatsaving to you, aDd which enables us to reduce our slock and not carry this merchandise over. Come now and buy while you cax save money. . Every Suitnd Overcoat in our house included in this sale. Study the prices below, then buy from us and save jthe difference.rSuits and Overcoats12.50 Suits, now x $ 9.50.15.00 Suits, now.r. 1 1 .5020.00 Suits, now '.;....... 1 4.75 '.x 22.50 Suits, now.. . . .:V ,1 6.7525.00 Suits, now...', .. 18.7527.50 Suits, now..'. :..:... 21.7530.00 Suits, now , ... .23.75- 35.00 Suits, now, 27.7540.00 Suits, now. . . 32.75Men's odd Trousers in Wool, Kersey andCorduroys at Reduced PricesBoys' Suits and OvercoatsReduced in Price10.00 Suits and Overcoats, now $7.458.00 Suits and Overcoats, now 6.007.00 Suits and Overcoats, now 5.756.00 Suits and Overcoats, now 4.75'5.00 Suits and Overcoats, now 3.7565 Boys' Suits at Half PriceMen's Shirts$2.50 Shirts, now.2.00 Shirts, now.1.50 Shirts; now.1.00 Shirts, nowly.$1.901.401.20SOMen's and Boys' hofes10.00 Witch Elk Shoes . : $9.009.00 Witch Elk Shoes 8.008.00 Witch Elk Shoes m V.OO7.00 Witch Elk Shoes ...." 6.003.00 Shoes-.: .:...'A... 4.95,5.00 Shoes -. 395s4.00 Shoes 3.003.00 Shoes r-. .... ... 2.252.50 Shoes , i 1 .903Rian Coats and Men's Mackinaw'sReducedMens Hals$5.0.0 Hats, nowv .. '....... .$4.004.00 Hats, now, t . . .' 3.003.00 Hats, nocv ? 2.255Q0 pair Men's fancy Hose, all sizesregular 25c and 35c values, now3 pair for ,25c "Men's and Boys' Underwear at ReducedPrices All-Wool Garments and Cooper's Egyptian Balbriggan, both inUnion Suits and Two-piece GarmentsEvery dollar spent with us means a saving to you, and the merchandise you buy here is backed up with a responsible firm's guarantee. If it is not right we wilmake it right. Ail goods Sold during this sale must be for cash. Come and see what a few dollars, spent here, means to you.Mitchell&DLAKIM0REClothiers and Furnishers&5feS13KK OF 1LLERSBURGIr. and M13. Aaron McConnellv Meit Thursday for avisit in Maysville.A . Dr. Cr. W. Judy was the giinst 01Uf his .brothers, Messrs. G. W. and T. D.igfiJuay, Tuesday.-Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Struve and bee in the'M. F. G. Chapellittle son have returned to their homeat Chester, Montana, after a visit tohr parents, Squire and Mrs. A. C.Ball.Mr. Roy Endicott left Wednesdayfor Cincinnati to meet his wife, whois returning 'from an extended visitin the West. They will return thisevening.The W. C. T. U. held a spellingTuesdayevening, beginning at 7:30. Quite a W. A. Butler, the retiring Master,large crowd was present, most of has served two terms in his office,them taking part in the exercises. , the first being in 1907, and was againThe captains were Mr. .A. J. Shop- elected in 1912,. serving through thetaugh and Mrs. Mattie Purnell. Mrs. year of 1913. The year closes withPurnell's side went down in defeat, two members having been, taken inleaving three on-the other side stand- two others on the road, one' havinging, they being Miss Mary Agnes Pur- taken his first and the other his secnell? GK P. Fisher. J. Hord Barnes.Amity Ldge No. 40 F. .& A. M.closes another brilliant year. -Mr.ond degree. There is also, a petitionto be acted upon in January. Theyear 1914 also promises to be a brilliant one, as there is considerable"m , JlLCLEARANCE SALE OFHoliday Shoes and SlippersWe Are Offering to the Public ,GREAT SHOE BARGAINS' V1ONE OF FIRST QUESTIONSBEFORE CONGRESSwork awaiting the new Master. Ir. (were Mr. and Mrs. Ashby Leer andJ. B. Cray, the successor of, Mr. W. little daughter, Josephine, Mr. andj. sutler as iviaster, occupied me Mrs. 1. j. iratner.same chair twenty-five years ago.Ml O. R. Rnnlrin notprl ns ftrn-nrl TVTar ' ? . - Jsshal on both occasions when Mr. one of first omcctimo 'ifCray was installed. He is thoroughlyconversant with Masonry , and wlook for a bright, prosperous"year.Miss Jennie Evans, aged about Rural70, died Tuesday night at 10 o'clock, one of the first Questions Wnrn-at the home of her niece, "Mrs. Ashby gress when it reassembles on JanuLeer, of catarrhal pneumonia. Miss ary 12. The commission which invesBvans has been a sufferer from or- tigated rural credit operations abroadganic heart trouble for a long time " announced that a bill was beingand for the past four months has prepared embracing the more importbeen in a serious condition. Pneu- ant recommendations of the reportmonia developed last Saturday, and now before President -Wilson. Theit was realized that her condition announcement was" made Tuesdayatwas hopeless and that the end was Washinslon.:vu euiislegislation will benear. She was a nativje of FlemingBills inroduced in each house qZcounty, and was one of a large faifr- Congress will form the bsis of theuy. one is survivea Dy one Drotn- Administration's efforts to perfectqr, Mr. A-baer Evans, of Flemings-1 new laws supplementary to the gehburg. 1 She has resided with her eral banking legislation, to relieveniece, Mrs. Ashby Ler, since the ' financial conditions ror farmers anddeath of her sister, Mrs. T. P. Hop-make it easier for them to obtainpr, Sr., of Mayslick, about two years working capital.ago. The remains were taken to 1 The commission will make- its reFlemingsburg on tlie 8 a. m. train . port public as soon as it has receivedjand were interred at 10:30. -Among.the approval of the Ppesideat, soontiiuae uiiu uLieuueu lug lunerai aiter ms return rro.m tne soutn.'r't-3t"III BEST AND IS? FASHIONABLE FOOTWEAR FOR MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDRENOn account of the extraordinary warm weather, and 'because 0! our enormous purchases ,of Footwear, which is a'rriving every day and crowding us for room, we are compelled' to offer to the publicFOOTWEAR AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICESN.Iladie$, you never had such an opportunity to practice economy. New Shoes in ail leathers and stylesf.absolutely perfect in every detail. They come inpatent Leather and Gun Metal, 9 QQ$4.00 and $4.50 values, at 9iVl7Ladies' Ciotn Tops in Gun Metal and Patent, including the much-desired "Baby O GlDoll Shoe," $3.50 and $4 quality. . Hc9Ladies' Gun Metal and Patent in Button and Lace,low and high heels, $3.00 Cd CCvalues, at r..T. 9 I wPr' A big assortment of Ladies' Shoes in button andlace, of regular $2.00 and $2.50 Ok 4Qvalues, at "1IWMen, do you want the best in shoes? Our line oShoes cannot be duplicated anywhere under $5.00and $6.00. A large assortment of the famousWalk-Over in all styles and x ttVlleather at ;...IB 'Men's dress or work ShoesTan, $4.00' and $5.00quality, at 11(1Men's best Shoe's, maderegular $4.00 values, .at : :inA very large assortment of Men's ShoesMetal, Button and Lace,$3.00 values atin Gun!'Metai and$3.49Lace and Button,$299in Gun'$1.99A very -big selection of Boys' and Girls' School Shoes in all leathers and styles: at prices which willsave you fifty per cent, on the dollar. ' """Men's and Women's Slippers RestfuI'Pleasing, Full- of Comfort. Auvery,, desirablegift f or, all atTHE LOWES PRICES. ' " " - , - -Pill HHH1 shitI Mhmf '( . iHF. ilal .S NM KW ,11 1' jrmmmSHIHkm;vasmsam iummrn mKM)mm:,iO BE OLD AND;ENN1LESS IS ATRAQEDYjRE YOU PUTTINCMONEY IN THENK FOR THEECEMBEROF YOURFE?f-.o-jr,Iere is nothiner more ritffnl than th ciirhf- nf- c$xhAGE entirely dependent on the assistance and charity? kviiw. x o, liuy gu 'aiuijy, ucuv cuter uav, weeK.Tcei weeK.letting money slip through their fingers that should belin iri fV. r UnJr 4- l. i.1 r -" 111 -, . ,u ui uiic uantv lu Atsep Lnem Gomiortaoie ana maep(A twhen their EARNING POWER is GONE. "Why doirWOURubbers and High Top Shoes of all kinds and description at wholesale prices. Satisfaction guaranteed' start a bank account NOW?BY THERELIABLEH tHOUSE " r IMake OUR bank YOUR bank ' r--"iJti5"V. '1lK 'We-pay 3 per cent interest on Savings "DEPOSIT BANK OF!DAN OOH E3 JST ; !UmVAmjm.M. H ALL, Prewocnt?CK. THOH.X" -:?a iH-J. VM , 1,T-r - -vfjk-ggpgpPPPPjpP VHSHHH9 IH flF;L-.. :r.&mr - - - - . , ..rear " -aft'4. 'J - ftiK,'' StT JSPWr-. w1 T!tocitf 1?- ,-r- ,w . . jt WT 7 , HOim -VC J&ttlrf' -&i .0tf3STer- - i , 'f , .-5fc7v- - ' -T& : ??A " '& Tr-'..? !-fc ryf - - . - i - r -!- s "t cr- -. 1'HUL "as. i. f '" -.!- -k . . i. i sv t ' ixr " Ftfomt- 5 .r,75:iEiw ep ":. a.jr