c-v1 V-V-r v $IT 'STHE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVFBY; TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARqp'444- -VOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 26. 1914.MTWO PARIS BANKSCONSOLIDATEDINTO ONE.Two Popular Financial Institutions Merge Under OneHead.S. E BEDFORDNEW PRESIDENT.Consolidation Will Become.Effective Early' inJuly.-As the result of plans which havebeen under consideration for severaldays, and which were finally broughtto a head here Wednesday, two of thebest-known financial institutions inthe city, the Deposit Bank of Paris,and the Peoples' Bank, will be mergedinto one institution, the consolidationbecoming effective early in July.The combination was "-effected at ajoint meeting of the directors of bothbank, when all the details were worked out.The Deposit Bank is the oldestiank in Bourbon County, having beenjoriginally organized in 1851, and haslong been one of the most popular andprosperous banks of the city. Its laststatement showed deposits of $407,000, and loans of $470,000, while thelast statement of the People's Bank,-which began business in September,1912 showed deposits of $140,000, andloans of $200,000. The combined capital will be $150,000; deposits, $550,000; loans, $700,000; assets, ?850,0P0.The Peoples' Bank has had a businessexistence of about twenty months.Under the terms of the merger thePeoples' Bank will be liquidated and-all its assets and business mergedinto the Deposit Bank and the stockholders of the Peoples' Bank will begiven an equal amount- of stock in thecombined bank by paying enough toequalize the stock value.Mr. Silas Bedford, the presentcashier of the Peoples' Bank, will be-the president of the new bank and3Ir. Clarence Thomas, cashier of theDeposit Bank, will be the cashier ofthe combined bank. Both of thesegentlemen have had large experiencein the banking business, Mr. Bedfordhaving been for many years cashierof the Bourbon Bank before the Peoples Bank was organized, and Mr.Thomas having been connected withthe Deposit Bank for some fifteenyears or more? a large part of thetime as cashier. Both have the entire confidence of the community.Mr. Joseph M. Hall, who has beenpresident of the Deposit Bank since1892, will retire from the presidencyon account of his private business,ivhio.li demands his time, All the directors of the Peoples' Bank will betaken into the directorate of the jiewbank, and all the employes of bothbanks will hold their present positions in the consolidated bank, andthe place of business of the new institution will be the Deposit Bankbuilding.The combined bank will be thelargest and strongest financial institution in Bourbon County, and, judging from the past of both the partiesto the merger, they will play an important part in the financial future ofthis city and county.The large room in the rear of thebank building, now occupied by Mr.Frank Remington's job printing establishment, will be remodeled and utilized as a room for the big vault andThe bank will open its doors underthe new institutional name of "TheDeposite and Peoples' Bank" early inJuly.CENTRAL KENTUCKY INGRASP OF A TORRID WAVE.ENCOURAGINGNEWS RECEIVED.Senatorial and CongressionalCandidates Satisfied Withthe Outlook.EPWORTH LEAGUEIN THREE DAYS'TO CARRY FRANKLIN.FRANKFORT, KY., June 25. TheClaude Thomas organization in Franklin County will be presided over during the campaign ay Dr. JosephSeverance, of this city, one of themost widely known pulpit orators inthe State. Although a minister, Dr.Severance has always taken a likelyinterest in politics, and is a memberof the city council.He was formerly chaplain at theState Penitentiary. Thomas headquarters will be opened and a hardfight will be made to carry the countyfor him. sTHOMAS AT OWENTON.OWENTON, KY., June 22 ClaudeM. Thomas to-day made a strongspeech in behalf of his candidacy forthe Democratic nomination for Congress to a crowd which fairly wellfilled the court house at Owenton.Mr. Thomas reviewed the record ofCongressman J. Campbell Cantrill asa consistent supporter of the liquorinterest in politics and told of theaid given by the Congressman to theRepublicans in the election of Governor Bradley to the Senate over Governor Beckham.Mr. Thomas was introduced in apleasing manner by Judge J. W. Cammack. A feature of the meeting wasthe attendance of perhaps forty ofthe Cantrill organization from ScottCounty, in automobiles, wearing bigred Cantrill badges. They arousedconsiderable advers comment bytheir presence, and their flaunting ofthe badges before a crowd gatheredto hear the opponent of the candidatethey represented.Twenty-five residents of Scott County, who formerly were citizens ofOwen, came from Georgetown to hearMr. Thomas. He made a good impression, and the Cantril men in thiscounty are scared and some of themare frank enough to admit it.EXPRESSES CONFIDENCE"Mr. E. K. Tliomas, of BourbonCounty, father of Hon. C. M. Tliomas,candidate for the Democratic nomination for Congress from the SeventhCongressional District, oppQsing thepresent Incumbent, J. Campbell Cantrill, was in Winchester Monday mingling with the court day crowd, and interesting the voters jrn the candidacyContinued on Page- 8.)BASE BALL.For a week or more this section ofKentucky has been literally sizzlingunder a tropical sun, the mercury inreliable thermometers ranging from96 to 101 at various times and places.Sweltering humanity pursued itseveryday work in as little rainment asthe law allowed, and when the evening shadows crept on sought the outdoors for relief, all to no avail. Theheat at night almost equaled that olthe daylight hours. Men and beastalike isuffered, and while no prostrations from heat have been officiallyreported, there have been severalcases in the county.The intense heat and the lacK orrain has caused a temporary cessation in the work of tobacco transIlanting, and the growers are forcedto play the Wilson-Bryan plan of"Wathchful Waiting."The poet wrote "Oh What so Rareas a Day in June."If that guy happened to revisit oldmother earth he would find that theJune days in this section are "welldone, parboiled, fried, oven-haked andsizzled.By defeating Lexington, Tuesday, 5to 4, Paris won its first game sinceentering the Ohio State League. Lexington scored two in the fourth onthree singles and error. Paris camestrong in their half and scored hreeon a single and home runs by Daubert and Applegate. Lexington scored two more in the sixth on twosingles and two errors. Paris alsoscored two 6n two singles and a baseon ball. The features of the game wasthe hitting of Crouch and Applegateand the fielding of Hobbs.""The summary:Lexington 00 0, 20200 04Paris 0 0030200 05Two-base hits Brown, Applegate.Home runs Daubert, Applegate. Firstbase on balls off Woodrum, 5; Black5; Utrecht, 6. Stolen bases Garrett.Sacrifice hits Dawson. Double playsBrown to McElvoy. Time oneArundel.Pitcher Hart, who was releasedhere by the management of the Paristeam, has been signed by the Lexington Colts, and joined the team atLexington, Wednesday.WEDNESDAY'S GAME.CHARLESTON, W. VA., June 24Goodman's single in the ninth allowed Charleston to tie the score in thegame with Paris. In the tenth Keating scratched a hit, was sacrificedSESSION HERE.League Opens InterestingSession at the MethodistChurch.PRESIDENT HARRISPRESIDESWhite and Gold Captures theCityand is EverywhereIn Evidence.r'4 .,"WE KNOW HOW"f -, tKa.- .r r--sThe Fifth Annual Assembly of theKentucky Conference "Epworth Leagueopened its three-days' session at theMethodist Church, in this city, Tuesday night. A large number of delegates and visitors was in attendance.The church was beautifully decoratedfor the occasion in the EpworthLeague colors, white and gold.The delegates were welcomed bythe President of the Paris League, Mr.Dennis V. Snapp, in an address fullof bright thought. The response onbehalf of the visitors and delegateswas made by Rev. h. B. Harris, Pres-i-MR DENNIS V. SNAPP,'enSvd'j ipjOAida subj; uapisBJdWho Delivered the. Welcome Addressident of the Kentucky ConferenceLeague. Rev. Dr. E. G. B. Mann, ofLexington, delivered theopening sermon, which was an eloquent one, andgreatly enjoyed.After the exercises at the churchthe delegates adjourned to the lawnat Mrs. Russell Mann's residence,where they were tendered a reception by the officers and members ofthe Paris Epworth League. Punchand ices were served and a generalgood time was enjoyed by all.During his welcome address Mr.Snapp presented the presiding officera very unique gift, a gaval, made fromthe wood taken from an old mill-damwhich the court records show wasmade across Stoner Creek near theParis Mill in the year 1792, and whichwas revealed in the dry channel ofStoner during the unprecedenteddrouth of 1913. A silver plate on thegaval bears this inscription: "Presented to President J. B. Harris by theParis Epworth League, June 23, 1914."The music was an especial featureof the opening session. Mrs. JamesGrinnell rendered a beautiful soloJust the ThinFor SummerWhite Flannel and White SergeVTrousers For Men.. White Serge with neat black stripes, made with,cuff bottoms, tunnel belt straps, just the thing towear these warm day? Vith white suit and darkcoat. We are showing a great many patterns inthese goods.Prices Ranging Prom$4.00 to $7.00 5IMitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckyA ' I ' VmtFRANK & COBIG CLEARANCE SALEOKQrl oovoral oolopHnnc wore mvPfl r fl.to second and scored when Schrimper male quartette.threw the ball away, Charleston win- During the reception at Mrs. Mann'sSKIRTS. ,l.OPecaySkirts at 98c atSIMON'S.ning 2 to 1. Sensational fielding byboth teams featured. The summary:Paris 0 10000000 01Charleston ...00 .0 00000 1 12Two-base hit Schrimper. Doubleplays Daubert to Garrett to Schrimper; Keating to Beers to Spencer.Hits off Ratliff, 7 hits in seven innigs; Applegate, 1 hit in three innings. Struck out By Ratliffe, 5; byApplegate, 2; by Cefaul, 4. Bases onballs off Ratliffe, 5; off Cefaul, 2.Sacrifice hits Wetzel, Bresnahan, C.Applegate, Cefalu. Stolen BasesBresanhan, Moore. Time of gameOne hour and forty minutes. Umpire Shafer.In the second of the Charleston-Paris series on the Charlestongrounds yesterday afternoon, Panswas shut out by a score of 5 to 0.RAILWAY WINS LANDTHAT IS WORTH $500,000,000.A decision favoring the title claimed by the Southern Pacific Railroadto 200,000 acres of California oil land,worth $500,000,000, was given Tuesday by the Supreme Court, in Washington, in two test cases.Railroad ownership was disputedby California, Detroit and Clevelandcitizens, Vho sought miners' patentson the land claimed 4y the railroadunder old construction land agents.an open air concert "was giyen by theParis High School Band, which addedgreatly to the enjoyment of the occasion. WEDNESDAY'S SESSIONThe second day's session openedwith a morning prayer service from6:00 to 6:45, led by Rev. J. O. A.Vaught, with Miss Violet Renaker, ofCnythiana, at the piano. This wasfollowed by a song service led byProf. A. H. Morehead.The sessions were presided over bythe conference president, Rev. J. B.Harris, with Secretary O. B. Crockettin his place.After the reports fromthe chapters wore presented, a roundtable discussion was conducted byJSIiss Violet Renaker,' during whichhelpful suggestions were consideredas to the departments of membership,social, literary, devotional, missionstudy classes, Bible -character studies,the quiet hour, prayer circles and' report of work to the Central Methodist,a column in which is conducted byMiss Renaker.President J. L. Clark, of KentuckyWesleyan College, "Winchester, wason the program for an address, butbeing unable to be present, his placewas supplied by Rev. O. B. Crockett,of Nichola.sville, who preached an excellent .sermon on "Practical Christianity." Prayers were offeredby Rev.-G. W. Crutchfield, of Jenkins, and C.Ready to v Wear Garments !Compare Our Prices With Other Stores, Then Come In and See theXGarmentsYou Will Be Surprised at the Real Bargains Offered..tMHc'I'"I'C'C',I',I'OCl'S,''t5AT $9.95Silk, Poplin and Moire Suits,and Black.All ColorsAT $9.95Any Ordinary Size Wool Suit in Our EntireStock Worth Up To $35.00.AT $7.50We ore Offering a Very Select Line ofMisses' and Ladies' Suits WorthUp To $20.00.AT $9.95Any Ladies' Silk or Cloth Coat Worth UpTo $25.00.AT $4.95Any Child's Separate Coat Worth RegularlyUp To $15.00.AT $3.S5Any-Serge or Eponge Dress That Sold Formerly Up To $8.50.Come Early and Get Choice.j'X"j?'I'I"I'ss454$V ' .-f4Il"I"2I"I"I"I"II"I'4FRANK oc CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.vikidr-yrrrrj:'wV-THE 'BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE '26 1914r-rrrw. . .--c-c--MMvHi3fiif.Ir ;M4ri,V-M-M.1tuI77af Mfeafr Bacfr-accompanied by pain here or there extreme nervousnesssleeplessness may be faint spells or spasms all are signals ofdistress for a woman. She may be growing from girlhood intovromanhood passing from womanhood to motherhood or laterbuffering from that change into middle life which leaves so manywrecks of women. At any or all of theseperiods of a woman's lifehehould take a tonic and nervine prescribed for just such case3by a physician of vast experience in the diseases of women.DR. PIERCE'SFavorite Prescription.Tm successfully treated more cases in past forty years tnan any other known remedy. Itcaa sow be had in sugar-coated, tablet lorm as weu as iu inu uquiu. oum uj uicuiuuodealers or trial box by mail on receipt of 50 cents in stamps.Mies Elizabeth Lordahl of Berkeley, CaL, in a recent letter to Dr. Pierce said: I wp completely"broken down inhealth,Iwasachinsrandhad painsallovermy body andwas i sonervous thatlcouldBcreaiadf anyone talked to me, but I had the good fortune tomeetanurae who had been cured by Dr. Pierce aprescription. I have never had an occasion to consult a physician smce-am in excellent health.I Dr. Pierce's PleasaMt Pellets regidate stomack, II liver Mfcowels-gar-cated tty gran-alesThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postofflce as 'Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in. Advance.Published Every Tuesday and Friday1 KKf SfifflHEWHave You aHOME TELEPHONEOur Bourbon CountyBusiness is GrowingMore Rapidly ThanEver Before.Ask Your Neighbor; About TheService, Then Let Us Figure With YouSbt Paris Rome UWmt and CekarapD go""v-.. jWate. ,(Incorporated)3. J. VEATCH, District MSriager. K. E. SPEARS, CfinlffiSridal Manager.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, and'similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.STOCK ID FARM NOTES.TOBACCO MEN ELECTOFFICERS AND ADJOURN.Shipments of Argentine cattle tothe United States for the first twoweeks of June aggregated 64,000 quarters, equal to 16,000 head of live cattle. The tobacco is about all transplanted in Bourbon County and someof it look well, though rain is neededto give the young plants a good start.A large acreage wil be cultivated inthe county, and large returns are anticipated, especially if fertilizers arejudiciously used. Cut worms are saidito be doing some damage.Fat cattle are in excellent condition and are taking on flesh well.They are standing the hot weatherfine and will be in good shape whenthe market opens, which will be thelatter part of the month. There hasbeen a few cattle sold at prices ranging from 7 to 8 cents, but fromtalks with cattlemen they believe thatthe price will advance considerablyover that figure. These fat cattlebegin to move steadily in July, August, September and October.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.- CS433.wxiBourbon Laundry;;UW1S & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetWmgw IBFvL. IIIr1-We Take Pleasure.in ooinc: up the finest shirtwaists or anything in the K 1 City,lannrlrrr lino TVo- ,-U-. "J I "EVk- j .uv. iuai 13 WXirtV ,.i- "made lhe Bourbon Laundrtxouxuuo iur lint- worj ana it awaerer goes beck on its repu- !?tatiofr. If you are particular )abouo how your linen is hilaundered, your custom is the Wkind we want as we like to finappreciate yjvWThe meeting of the United StatesTobacco Association in session in Lexington came to a close Friday, theprincipal business of the closing daybeing the election of officers for theensuing year, the day being spent byj most of the delegates in visiting places of interest in the morning andthe matinee trots in the afternoon.President T, M. Carrington, of Richmood, Va., and Secretary-TreasurerG. E. Webb, of Winston-Salem, N. C,were re-elected to their respective positions. Mr. W. L. Petty d Lexington, was elected First Vice President,while Messrs. R. P. Wilson, of Wilstfrt,N. C, and B. P. Eggelston, of Drake'sBranch, Va., were elected second andthird vice presidents respectively.The election was held immediatelyafter the luncheon served them by theBurley Tobacco Society at the formersite of High Oaks Sanitarium.Directors: W. T. Reade, Richmond,Va.; A. P. Thorpe, Rocky Mount, N.C; W. O. Mitchell, Oxford, N. C; J.L, Wingo, Richmond, Va.; S. W. Venerable, Durham, N. C; W. L. McGill,Petersburg, Va.; G. T. Patton, Darlingttift N. C; J. I. Miller, WinstonSalem, . C; G. O. Tuck, Louisville;E. J. O'Brien, Louisville; M, H. Irvine,Lexington; H. E'. Spillman, Huntington, W. Va., E. B. Ficklin, Greenville,N. C; E. V. Webb, Kinston, N. C.'JW. G. Rogers. Warrenton. N. C: J. M.ft Edmonds, Wilson, N. C.;- C. A. Walt-fers, aoutn jaoston, va.; m. k. uottonrLouisville, Ky.; J. A. Clark, Bedfordbllowing the election the board ofdirectors met and re-elected G. E.WeM, of Winston-Salem, N. C, secretary-treasurerfor the ensuing year.?eft(Cincinnati Enquirer.)One reason for the High Cost ofLiving ist hat a lot of ginks try tomake a rabbit's foot take the placeof hard work.What has become of the old-fashionedwoman who chewed the baby'sfood then fed it out of her own mouthwith her fingers? ."TIZ" SOOTHES SORE, nAND TIRED FEET.Opportunity Knocks But Once atYour Door. It is Knotking"TODAY53Now is the time to think of your nextWinter's Coaf.iCheaper now than any time during. Avail yourselves now.theDodson DentonParis, Ky.T ards, South Mam St. Both Phones 140ciIBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky,AS(Us'.Us''-ig-sgsg-g-c..?s:::.g:ggsi,aa2Sl2appHBHB tmm mGJ). W. DAVISmmi mucim and licensed mum.BOTH'PHONES 0AX 137; NIGHT 29.MMBiHOW CHILDREN GROVt niifltlt1 4"rr'TTT rVT Nt- ttl' 1I fl. overloaded stomachs or ricb. . foods bufc p.j q uauties tnat are readily coa.rerted into1Blcf Dniilo inri Pv ! lil-"e-sustaining blood; too o.ften- their-'XllSt rODUlar lllww SuAT digestive powers cannot tiro cure thesequaL 'ties from ordinary foods wl lich results jxn wcaicness, dullness and sica.ness.If ycur children are under-size, underweight, catch cold easily, are languid,,backward, pale or frail, give tn em Scott's-Tnrsien of the Season'.To Cmciimati and ReturnJSunday, Jone 28, 1914,&, 5 I a3U""FoTlthc Round TripONLY QUE ENTIRELY SATISFACTORY."I have tried various colic an 3' diarrhoea remedfes but the only one thathas given me entire satisfaction andcured me wheri I was afflicted isChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. I recommend it tomy friends at all times," writes S. N.Galloway, Stewartr S. C. For sale byall dealers.(June)Ah! what relief. No more tiredfeet; no more burning feet, swollen,bed smelling, sweaty feet. No morepain in corns, callouses or bunions.No matter what ails your feet .orwhat underthe sun you'vetried withoutgetting relief,just use "TIZ.""TIZ drawsout all the poisonous exudations whichpuff up thefeet; "TIZ" ismagical, "TIZ"is grand, "TIZ"will cure your foot troubles so you'llnever Jimp or draw up your face inpain. Your shoes won't seem tightand your feet will never, never hurtor get sore, swollen or tired.Get a 25 cent bo at any drug ordepartment store, and get instant relief. (No. 4-fri) ,SPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, JUNE 28, 1914$.25RoundTrip.25RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLeavts GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.A NEAT BARBER SHOP.jpCurePlIK! Mrs. Jay McGee, of Steph M01 eireille, Texas, writes: "For ISLL S GOVERNMENT PTCKSFOREST RESERVE SITEThe watershed of the Eastern Appalachian slope in Pike and Letchercouiztfes, rhere the headwaters ofthe headquarters of the Cumberland,Kentucky, Licking and Big Stnidy aredivided by thie ridges of Pine Mountain, has been selected by the Government Bureau of Forestry for a forest reserve in: Eastern Kentucley,. anda reconnoisance crew will go to workin that sectioir the first of Judy andspend a month locating lie most desirable area far reforesting: and" protection of the watershed.The government also wilC select atlocation for-reserves in Tvest Virginiaand Virginia near the Kentucky border, part of the reserve probably running into all three States. Tire bureau exgects to Save options ready sothat the necessary appropriation- maybe secured from the next Congress.State Forester J". E. Barton willmeet with the Government crew inthe mountains about August 1.FOR XN IMPmTRED AFPETPTE.Emulsion which is tmremeclicii al nourishment. It sharpens the appe'tite, builds. 3healthy flesh .firm muscl es and active . To improve the appetite and toi-,- 'V i Ti- fct,N i strengthen the digestion trv a? fewchilaren. Refuse alcohoh c substitutes ,oooc, nP n),0rv,i,,;'c. njs,M. tm-J. H. Seitz, of Detroit, Mich.,, says:"They restored my appesite when impaired, relieved me of a bloated feeling and caused a- pleasant and satisvlactory movement of the bowels."For salSar by all aoalers.eiune)'!0B. -rji ft .- rSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20leoves Cincinnati-a. m., returning.Fourth Street Station 7:00 p. m. For,'.further information caU 0RIMMMCorner Fourth ani MainModern Equipmf mt,Polite Sei -viceEverything Sanita ry.Children's Work :a Spec&4lty,CAR&R;AWFORDNEGRSES" ARH DRIVcN OUTOF TOWN OF SHOSHONE.. Vvs.L n-Urin Summer -Touristtickets to-ail .principal tourist pointsJKSShS feattrcky. North Carolina,IT&ina, "Tennessee, Virginia, ISouth ri,' Canada, Michigan,West yvS mnCncSifornia, Colo-2STew xor&, rT- ' sota, Wisconsin, I"i,11 d 0?egon sale dailyrsUingtoa anaureE" . flnal.re-I-W ILiOot 3lV i&i very liberaltuarn. limit uci. ; f-rther m-- nTii AEB6. J-"-"- -oron'rVlv rellervBH 7Afus-m,tia-3. Sore. VTrtM.1rf tm FJn.V.nlia J Anrlonhd SliflF C1CB, tuioifiotkuui,ik,uoj uraumuv ouurn .na Yciiir -mriTiii-liable if it fails to lii.linva any ache "in ay v&tt of the body nfilteen minotes time. 'jrrxca ovr tw xriiawFree suapn too. diur aent on rqueb.BOURBON IEUDT COMfANT,342 Etl Maift St, UxJmtoc iCitEsens of SlioshoDe, Idaho, droveall negroes out of that town Fridaynight after Jack Edwartfe, colored,while resisting arrest on a charge ofdrunkenness, had shot James May,the town marshal, and EL V. Brower,treasurer of Lincoln- Coranty. Browers wound may prove fatal. Thenegro was caught and taken, back toShoshone. xGET RID OF YOUR RHEUMATISM.Now is the time to get rid of yourrheumatism. You can do it if yonapply Chamberlain's Liniment. W.A. Lockhard, Homer City, N. Y.'writes, "Last spring I suffered frommy arms and shoulders. I' got a bottle of Chamberlain's Liniment and the'first application relieved me. By using one bottle of it I was entirelycuxedl" For sale by .1L dealers.jftrs. Jay McGee, of Steplreir?ille, Texas, writes: "Fornin-y (9) years, I soffered withwomanly trouble. I had terrible headaches, and' pains inmy'back, etc. It seemed as ifI vould die, I suffered so. Atlast, I decided to try Cardui,the woman's tonic, and itJ'eiped me right awajr. "Thei -11 treatment not only helped,me, bulii cured me."Mr. Carl Crawford has opened up anew and cozy barber shop at the Corner of Fourth and Main streets. Newfurniture, sterilizers, hot water heaters, etc. Mr. Crawford .nd anothercapable barber are in charge and areready to take care of the wnts of theparticular men. Mr. Crawford invitesall his old customers and the generalpublic to visit him in his new place.(24-tf)TAK2,rg1The Woman's TunisiPjirdui h el rvi woman in tmiftrof greatest need, because itcontains ingredients which actspecifically, yel gently, on theweakened womanly organs.So, if you feel discouraged,blue, out-of-scrts. unable todo your household work, on paccount of your condition, stopworrying and give Cardui' atrial. It has helped thousandsof women, wfey not yau:?Try Casdui. E-711aa-a8jaia.-t1EAglEeyeSALVLGOOD FOR IHE YES- AND EYES ONLY 11E1CJLE ETES?Bo yon tMnh that wate?y,. matteryeyes are natural? Do yon believethat styes, g-rannlated lids, poorsight, growths, are natural UseEAGIJB EYE SAI.VE ant yo saveagle Eyes, again.MOLLYCODDLELAXATIVESCan Not and Do Not Touch the LiverThey may clear out the intestinal tract,but do not relieve the dammed-up bile.Years ago May Apple- Boot (called Podophyllin) was a last-resort bile starter.It griped fearfully, but brought out thebile. Podophyliin with the gripe takenoat is now to be had under the namomi--1 '''vvvBasssvONER0POf BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat cure3fapes, A few drops in thermking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeai ana otnercnict diseases. One50c bottlf Trmt-Ao 1? orrT1io nfmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, 2?For Sal& Tjy W. T. Brooksthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by retting- the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil re:Ined to perfection."Costs no more than the inferiortankwagon cils saves MONEY savesWORK "saves eves.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL in"Sarrels direcTfroni our worksChas. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.'RefineryPa.Warren,We sell the celebrated "No-Carts"Auto Oil.$$9NSURANCAGAINSTP1RE, WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HIMT0N,AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, seeme.ooeHoSPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water sis needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, Inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused oy feminine ills it has no equaLFor ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have heen cured sayit is "worth its weight in sold " Atdruggists. 60k large box or by -mail.Ths Paxtoq Toilet Co.. Botwu Maw.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMET"Will cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching PilIt absorbs the tumors, allays itchinj? at onacts as a. poultice, gives instant relief,or sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 51WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, 01L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Pari Ky.'s CANCER CURE'D1 guarantee every case I un-dertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris. fDR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.Cnrtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long "Waits.A Share of the Public Pat;ronage Solicited.Professional CardsJ. S. Wallingford, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,'Phones 31 PARIS, KX-Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones 1 1ResidenceE. T 136.136.E. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. U BJELlLEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis .... KentnciJ-J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNET-AT-LAWElks Baildbur.W. H, HAURIS, Aft.Far Sal by All Druanixts , -r-v-- r5. -sTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, JUNE 26, 1914&SP?i.r.??-dV --7 "' -"l-2ih!-'H-You'll find it on the top of eachgenuineCORTRIGHTMetal ShingleIt is put there to protect you as wellas us from the imitator. Roofs coveredwith these shingles 27 years ago aregood today, and nave never needed repairs. That's why they're imitated.Therefore, look for this stamp.For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.$ -.v. AS-fa m ni iijMtfe6c9STAPLE C& FANCYGROCERIES!ALSOAll the VegetableOf the SeasonOUR LINE OFCanned GoodsCannot Be ExcelledN. A. MOORE.Sauer's Old Stand9m9em9m99TIE POLONAISE,THE SASH. THELONG TUNIC SKIRTSMother's Frocks Are Simplified to Suit the Daughter.ACCORDION PLEATINGCONTRASTING HEM.NEW YORK, June 25.From out of Father Time's Chest,from the till labeled 1880 have comethe basque and polonaise. To be surethey look different, but so slight isthe change that it seems as though itis the figure of the woman rather thanthe cut of the garment itself thatmakes, them seem a part of the fashions of 1914. Then the waists weresmall and compressed, now the larer the waist the prouder the well builtwoman is. In fact, pads have beenworn by naturally small-sized womento make them appear larger aroundthe waist than nature really intendedthem to be.FOR SALE.Timothy meadow for sale, 150 acres.MRS. C. M. CLAY,(19je-3t) . Both Phones.FOR RENT.Storeroom on Main street known asthe Weatherall property. Possessionto be given at once. Also 3 rooms upstairs. Will rent as a -whole or separately. (15-tf) CHAS. PEDDICORDCOLORED CAMP MEETINGAT THE FAIR GROUNDS.Next Sunday seems to have goodtaste for both white and colored. TheRev. Quarles will pre.ach a specialsermon at 4 p. m. Subject, "TheHand Writing On The Wall." 'TheRev. Jim Moore, of Louisville, Rev.Dan Johnson, of Centerville, and Rev.1 O. A. Nelson, of Maysville, will assist. in the meeting next Sunday. Meetingl will ODen at 11 a. m. and close at 10p. m. REV. QUARLES," Pastor.NOTICE.Owners of stock are hereby warnedagainst allowing their- cattle andhorses to run at large in the City ofParis. There is a law against permitting stock to run at large, and violators will be arrested and prosecuted.FRED LINK,This would be a fine world if a mancould change his luck a5 easily as awoman can change her mind.NOTICE.Operators and owners of motorcycles and automobiles are warnedagainst using their machines withinthe limits of the City of Paris without having them equipped with propermufflers. ?There is an ordinance against machines making the unnecessary noisesso common on our streets, and offenders will be arrested and vigorouslyprosecuted.Owners of motor cycles and automobiles are also warned against drivingor riding their machines withouthaving their machines properly equipped with lights, as required by law.W. F. LINK,(lC-4t) Chief of Police.See the Cake Walk !Don't fail to see the old-fashionedSouthern Cake Walk at the BourbonCounty Fair Grounds by the BourbonBlack Blitzens onFriday, June 26th.White ladies and gentlemen arecordially invited, and a special section will be reserved for them. Wehave positive guarantee of good orderfrom our Chief of Police Fred Link.BOURBON BLACK BLITZENS.CUTTHEWEEDS.Property owners or tenants will cutall weeds growing on such properties,and do it at once.By order of Board of Health.A. H. KELLER, Health Officer.(23-june4t)NOTICETOPROPERTY OWNERS!All property owners who havevaults, cess pools of privies are hereby notified to have them properlycleaned immediately.By order of Board of Health.A. H. KELLER, Health Officer.(23-june4t)Notice to Depositors.All depositors of the Geo. AlexanderBank are requested to meet at the"01dCatholic School" on High Street, between Tenth and Eleventh streets, at2:30 p. m., sharp, Friday, June 26th.Business of importance.GEO. W. STUART,MISS EMMA LOU SCOTT,MISS SUSIE ASHURST,J. F. WITHERALL,HARRY SALOSHIN,NICHOLAS KREINER,R. T. SPENCER,GEO. HOWARD,JNO. SAUER,JAS. W. DOTY,W. ED. TUCKER,C. S. GOLDSTEIN,ALBERT ANTHON,SPEARS MOORE. a- -(23-2t)R. J. NEELYWAREHOUSEStables and Coal YardFor Rent!and green leaves set in each indentation at the front of the hat with a longfeather extending from each.As the girl passes the age of twelveyears, dressing lier, becomes a problem. She begins to have ideas of herown, and mother's opinions are beingconstantly jostled from the even tenoror her established views of what isproper, what is too young, and what istoo old, for her daughter to wpar.m my illustration is a girlish dressto strike the happy medium of whatmother likes and of what daughterlikes. Plain white crepe is the material used, with vest and cuffs of whitecrepe, having a ratine strip evenlyspaced across it. The shirred skirtwith tunic is of the latest style, whichno longer confines the ankles, but allows free and unhampered motions.A Avide girdle of royal blue satin completes the costume. The hair is wornloosely combed back and tied at thenape of the neck with a large bluesatin dow.The frocks for a young girl followclosely upon the style of her mother'sdresses, only simDlified to suit heryouth. Tunics and Danniers are mortified, while fluffy ruffles on dresses of Isneer material are all supreme. Acharming dress of sheerest of batisteis made with 'five ruffles, one abovethe other. Each ruffle is lace edgedand corded on the edge which isstitched to the skirt. At the waistthe skirt is finished with a narrowruffle corded and fastened to the topof the skirt looking as though it werethe top edge of the jkirt. The waistwas made with the body and sleevesin one and cut low, drooping off theshoulders, with the fullness cordedand drawn up on the cord. A tuckerof net is finished with a narrow frillof itself to fill in the neck of thedress.:""$H AUS Black 1fHlll White 1UCHHi mwM MmmM In our newtftmfWw' WT "Easy-Opening-Box."J PmlJL No trouble. No muss.MW v TheF.F.DalleyCoLtd.4jFw y Buffalo, N. Y. Hamilton, Ont99vmmm99wmm99wmmmm9amI Mil fi In Jjw;WkV nsJr mccu.1,MP 'i vvQ McCu.ii8 Pans Odorless Cleaning Co. tI Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your' clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.1Paris Odorless Cleaning Gfo., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c;. long 25e.ilSafe InvestmentmmmmwmmmmmmmmmmmmwmmammT'winBrosGives advice to all the people of ParisandiBourbon County to invest their moneyinClothing, Shoes,Hats, Caps,Underwear, Etc.They will give you one hundred cents onthe dollar on your merchandise investmentsCall in and see them.L. WOLLSTEIIN, Prop.7t?T 'ACBfcHexuraFor over 30 years this has been asuccessful business stand in the FarmImplement, Seeds and Coal Business.Possession on or about July 1.W. W. MITCHELL, Agt.Auto Bus Line!NOW IN OPERATION.MEETS ALL TRAINS AND WILANSWER CALLS AT ALL TIMES.'PHONES, 864.25 CENTS TO ANY PART OF THECITY.J. S. GII!N,Licensed Chauffeur.Dark Blue Foulard Dress With NewPaquin SkirtSashes are worn with these waists,which tie at a low line in the black,causing or adding to the bustle effectwhich was also a part of the fashionswhen these waists were worn before.The skirts of these dresses aremostly made with thelong tunic,though some are made with a seriesof ruffles from hem to waistline.The long tunics are being made insheer and thin materials and are evenmore charming than in the heaviermaterials. A dress of cerise crepewith a ratine stripe is made with along tunic over a narrow underskirtof the same material. The waist ismade with a surplice front having' ashawl collar. A chemisette of foldedchiffon in creamy white is worn. Atthe back of the waist hanging fromthe shoulders to below the waist lineis a circular cape.With this was worn a charmingflat Louis XIV hat of leghorn, welltilted up at the back, and upheld by abandeau of small flowers. A sparcewreath of these same flowers (daisies,roses and forget-me-nots) 'circles thetop, across which a black velvet ribbon extends, tying behind under thebandeau of flowers and falling wellonto the hair beneath.Likewise for afternoon and eveningwear, planned to wear with this sameleghorn hat, was a sheer organdyfrock, bounced and picot edged. Thethree flounces were narrower both indepth and width as they descended.J This gave a wide hip and narrow foot-line silhouette.There are always occasions whentrips to town or week-ends in thecountry are suddenly planned, and ifone's clothes are not in condition forsuch a contingency the pleasurabletrip is spoiled. For such an occasiona silk dress; light inweight and stylishly made is appreciated. It doesnot have to be laundered, its simplecut fits it for all sorts of informalaffairs, while more dressy materialswill allow of its being used for themore formal occasions. The illustration is a smart example of a dress tofill such a need in blue foulard. Thewaist has the raglan shoulder lineKvith set-in sleeves. "The revers of thewaist turn back from a vestee of met,whose fullness is gathered up on asilkeli cord. The skirt ismade. withfullness in the flounced lower section,a la Paquin. The white hat' .worn-with this dress is of the stylish tricorn shape with a single white rose,Girlish Frock of White Crepe withRoyal Blue Satin Girdle.With the returning fullness ofskirts, accordion pleated is enjoyingunexpected favor. The lower sectionof the long Dutch tunic skirts are accordion pleated, and sometimes thetunic itself with a pain lower section.A charming blouse is made of accordion pleated chiffon, which is set onto a yoke which is in one with thesleeves.Many thin frocks are made with ahem of heavier material. A red voilehad a hem of natural colored linen.A dress of embroidery flouncing had awide fold of pink silk set under thescalloped edge of the skirt hem, thereby adding to the charm as well as tothe durability of the frock, for a hemis usually of material stronger thanthat with which it is combined.Sashes are seen on many of thesummer models. They are oftenstraight pieces of ribbon passedaround the waist and tied into a loosebow much in the same manner as thesashes of a child's apron. To keepup with this popularity the ribbonsare much more elaborate than theywere, and are a reminder of what ourgrandmothers wore in thier girlhood,flowered and brocaded, in which satin,and velvet designs are intermingledwith moire effects. There are also theEgyptian sashes of Oriental coloringswhich wind round the body fullyswathing the waists and hips.HOT WEATHER TONIC .AND HEALTH BUILDER.Are you run down nervous tired?Is every thing you do an effort? Youare not lazy you are sick! YourStomach, Liver, Kidneys, and wholesystem need a Tonic. A Tonic andHealth Builder to drive out the wastematter build you up and renew yourstrength. Nothing better than Electric Bitters. Start to-day. Mrs. Jas.Duncan, Haynesville, Me., writes:"Completely cured me after severaldoctors gave me up." v50c and $1.00,at your druggist.Bucklin's Arnica Salve for Cuts.(June)You can't get anything in this worldwithout suffering for it. To be popular you have to laugh at the jokesother people tell.uncon) 4VIA5J " fT4TOEXCURSIONWEDNESDAY, JULY 1, 1914"CAROLINA SPECIAL'"Land of the Sky" and "Sapphire Cou ntry,"MOUNTAINS OF WESTERN NORTH CAROLINARound TripFares from Lexington, Ky.ASHVILLE, N. C $ 9.00.WAYNESVILLE, N. C 10.00HENDERSONVILLE, N. C . 10.00LAKE TOKAWAY, N. C 11.004irVARIABLE ROUTE FARESOpportunity of going or returning via Chattanooga historicLookout Mountain enroute to or from final destiantion, $1.50 additional. ReturngLimit July 16, 1914.STOP-OVERS.Stop-overs will be permitted within final return limit of ticketat Knoxville, Tenn., and points east thereof.Stop-overs will be permitted at hCattnooga, Tenn., on ticketsrouted via that pointFIRST CLASS SERVICE ATFREEMAN'S BARBER SHOP.Having engaged the service of LouisLivers, an experienced barber, I amnow prepared to handle my trade andgive the most thorough satisfactionGive me a call and be convinced.BUCK FREEMAN.(C. N. O. & T. P. RY.)andSOUTHERN RAILWAYTickets good on "California Special"leaving Lexington 9:45 p. m., also onall other regular trains July 1.4'Full information, booklets and sleeping car reservations o anpplication.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent or H.C. King, Passenger and. TicketAgent, 101 E. Main Street, Phone 49,Lexington, Ky.4i4444W. A. BECKER, General Passenger Agent.4liirHHHiMllllllt.MtitlHtlliiIHMIt4hi "v ' i yTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,. KY., JUNE 26 1914m1hfROYALS-BAKING POWDERAbsolutely PureThe only Baking Powder madefrom Royal CrapeCream of TartarNO ALUM, NO LIME PHOSPHATEThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.VEntered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)ANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce Hon.C. M. Thomas as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Congressman at the August primary, to beield in this county on Saturday,August 1, 1914.WINCHESTER MAN SUES PARISSEED DEALER FOR $5,000.R. P. Scobee, of Winchester, filedsuit Tuesday in the Clark CircuitCourt against Ford Brent, of Paris, torecover $5,000 which he alleges he;piad over to Mr. Brent on awager concerning the price of bluegrass seed. Mr. Scobee sets out thatin the spring and summer of 1911,he and Mr. Brent entered into a-wager or bet, in the form of contracts,bj which the plaintiff was to sell alarge quantity of bluegrass seed toBrent for August delivery. He setsout that it was not expected by eitherthat the seed was to be delivered,but the wager should be settled bythe payment of money, the differencebetween the price mentioned in thewager or purported contract, and themarket price on August 1, 1911, incase the price went higher, Scobee topay Brent the difference, and in caseit went lower, Brent to pay Scobeethe difference.The price of grass seed rapidly adTanced, Scobee claiming that Brent,at the time of the wager, had entered into an illegal combine with R. B.Hutchcraft and others to control theprice of the seed, and Scobee, in settlement, paid Brent the sum of $5,000cash and gave his promissory notefor $6,000, which $11,000 constitutedthe difference in the market price and.the price named in the alleged wager.Scobee avers the money was paidon a wager and the purported contract is void under the law. He saysBrent knew no seed was to be delivered by him, and at the time of thepurported contract Brent and his associates had practically full control ofthe bluegrass seed market.The note for $6,000 mentioned in hispetition by Mr. Scobee has been purchased by a Paris Bank, and suit hasbeen brought against Mr. Scobee tocover the amount of it.VE ARE HEADQUARTERS.We are headquarters for the bestParis Green Bug "Brand.BUTLER'S DRUG STORE,Opp. Court House:PARIS ACCOUNTANT TOINVESTIGATE ASHLAND BANK.Mr. Samuel Woodford, of Paris,-who, with Mr. Paul C. Snyder, of Louisville, have been engaged in goingover the books at the bank of GeorgeAlexander & Co., recently closed bythe State Banking Commissioner,have gone to Ashland, Ky., to do similar work on the books of the Citizens' Bank, recently closed in thatcity. Mr. Snyder will return to Paristhe last of the week, leaving Mr.Woodford in charge of the work atAshland.PARIS WOMAN HONOREDBY WOMAN'S CLUBS.Miss Josephine Hayden, who attended the meeting" of the General Federation of Women's Clubs, at Chicago,last week, took an important part inthe general deliberations of the meeting, and was highly complimented forher effective work by the delegates.The Chicago Daily Tribune, of Wednesday, June 17, published an excellent half-tone picture of Miss Haydentogether with other prictures of.prominent women .in attendance atthe convention, and referred to themas those who were materially aidingtae President General, Mrs. PercyPennybacker, in furthering the success of the General Federation.Miss' Hayden, who is a daughter ofCity Clerk and Mrs. J. W. Hayden,-of Paris, attended the meeting as the.representative of the Progressive Culture Club, of this city.TURNEY BROS.' WATERBASSWINS BIG STAKES.- At Connaught Park, in Ottawa,Canada', Saturday, Turney Bros., ofBourbon, won -the fourth race of the4mj with - Waterbass, with JockeyJSmkhe inthe saddle. The net valueof tke purse to the winner was about$t,0. The -winner is a three-year-oldcek by Waterboy, and he won the contwit with ease. vWaterbass has won, three races,second in two, and unplaced once, andImub won $8,310.BAREFOOT SANDALS.We have just received a new lineof barefoot sandals for Misses andChildren. They are just the thing for .thie hot days. Come in while we the Leesburg pike, in Harrison Coiinliavour size. J ty, to H: F.-Grifnth, of Cynthiana, atai-tf) GEO. McWILLIAMS. J private figure. wITOE.Continued From Page l.)W. Williams, of Oddville.xAt the noon hour a bountiful luncheon was served by the women of theParis church.During the afternoon session thefollowing important committees wereappointed:Constitution J. B. Harris and MissChristine Hendricks.Resolutions J. W. Crates, MissMyrtle Smith and P. Rrigan. ,Reports T. W. Watts, Miss MarthaIrvine and William Collins.Temperance anv Sabbath Observance T. . W. Barker, Miss MaryE. Chinn and Miss Marjorie Foster.Missions Miss Julia Crutchfield,Miss Beulah Hudson and Miss OllieFisher.Nominating J. W. Crutchfield, MissRuth Walker, Mrs. H. A. Power andMiss Beulah Hudson.The principal speaker of the afternoon was Dr. J. Marvin Culbreth, Assistant General Epworth League Secretary, who gave instructions onleague organization. The temperancecommittee offered a resolution endorsing the Webb-Kenyon bill nowpending in Congress, with instructionsto send a copy of the resolutions tothe Congressmen of the districts represented, asking them to vote for themeasure on nation-wide prohibition.After the conclusion of the day'ssession, the delegates, sixty-six innumber, assembled at the ChippewaBoat Club's Camp, and were taken aride up "beautiful Stoner." Theflotilla of fourteen boats, was towedby the Chippewa's three electriclaunches under command of Commodore Mitchell Jackson, and Capts.Ben Downey and Doug. Thomas. Theguests thoroughly enjoyed the trip,and one young woman voiced the unspoken sentiment of all when she said"This is the most beautiful stream ofwater in Kentucky."Yesterday's program began withthe morning prayer, from 6 to 6:45 a.m. led by Rev. J. O. H. Vaught. Theremainder of the program as followswas carried out:Song Service; Sectional Conferences, Senior and Junior Teams;Round Table, Miss Violet Renaker,of Cynthiana League; "A Constructive Program of Recreation for aCommunity," by the team; Reportsof Chapters; Address, Mr. Stanley A.Harris; Parliamentary; "WhereShall I Attend College; College Representatives; Recreation; Reports;Address, Dr. Frank Y. Jackson.WELCOME ADDRESS.I am delighted to avail myself of thisopportunity to stand before this assembly this evening. It is my purpose togive voice to the spontaneous feelingof good will which this whcle community, and more especially this congregation and the local League cherishes toward you, our guests. I am here togreet you, not because of any extraordinary gift of speech or fluency, butas President of the - Paris EpworthLeague, to impress you that our heartsand homes are open and ready to receive you.Ever since man was created he hasdreamed dreams, and when such dreamsmaterialized he has been wonderfullypleased and often very much surprised.In the year 1910, when but a small boyin short trousers, I was elected by theParis League, then composed of aboutthirty members, to represent them atthe first Kentucky Epworth LeagueConference, which met in Mt. Sterling.The conference was then organized.Even then I longed for the time toC3me when the Paris League could invite and "entertain the Conference. Iwas again elected to represent theParis Chapter at the second Conferenceat Millersburg, and also the third atCynthiana. And last year was complimented by election to the fourth Conference at Nicholasville, and this timeas an instructed delegate to invite theFifth Annual Assembly to meet inParis. Thus my one "time dream became a reality. "Few persons havebeen fortunate enough to have thepleasure of their dreams coming true,as I have this evening.Allow me here to say a few words inregard to the Paris Chapter, in whosebehalf I am h,ere to welcome you. Upto this time last year the membershipof the Paris Chapter was about forty,and since it was chartered in 1894, fromwhat I can learn, it has never surpassed the fifty mark. Soon after the Conference last June we started a campaign to reach the century mark and tointerest more young people in Leaguework, and in one month's time securedthirty applications for membership.In March we started a similar campaign and succeeded in addingthirtymore to our roll. We have now reached the one hundred mark.While we may be the leading Leaguein point ot membership, our reportthis year cannot be based in other respects on a League of but forty members. Our Conference pledges,our missionary specials will not therefore ap-(Continued on. Page 6.)PROF. AMENDE BELLSHARRISON COUNTY FARM.Prof. E. Amende, ofMontgomery,Ala., "has sold his farm of 127 ao.rps nnDEATHS.-&:SPEARS. .Mrs. Mary S. Spears, aged 73years, sister of Mr. Hubble Shropshire, of near Leesburg,, died at herhome near Leesburg, Saturday. TheLfuneral was held at the Jacksonvillecemetery Monday.DOW.The body of Mr. Elsworth Wod,who died Sunday night in Carlsbad,'New Mexico, will arrive here thisevening and will be taken from theundertaking establishment of Mr. Geo.W. Davis to-morrow morning at 10o'clock. Services will be held at thegrave in the Paris Cemetery, conducted by Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive, of thePresbyterian Church. The pall-bearerswill be: Chas. A. McMillan, Harry Marsh, Hugh Brent, John Spears,Bennett Tarr, Houston Rion.DEARING.Mr. John G. Dearing, -aged 76years, a well-known Confederate soldier, and a resident of Midway, diedat the home of his daughter, Mrs. R.M. Glass, in that city, after an illnessof three weeks. During the last twoyears of his service in the army hewas one of Gen. Robt. E. Lee's" trustedscouts.He was the father of Mr. W. S.Dearing, of Paris, who was one of thepall-bearers at the funeral which tookplace in the "Versailles Cemetery.BOSTAIN.Mr. William Bostain, aged about68 years, for many years a successfulmerchant at Elizabeth, this county,died atthe Massie Memorial Hospital,in this city, at midnight Wednesday,after an illness of pancreatic cancer,extending over a period of severalmonths.Mr. Bostain was a widower, his wifewho was a sister of Mrs. Joseph Fithian, haaving died several years ago.He is survived by an only daughter,Miss Georgia Bostain, of Paris.The remains were removed fromthe hospital to the residence of hisnephew, , Dr. Frank Fithian, on Mt.Airy Avenue. The burial will takeplace in the Paris Cemetery this afternoon, the funeral cortage leavingthe Fithian residence at 4:00 o'clock.The services will be conducted at thegrave by Rev. J. T. Sharrard, and theKnights Templar service by the localcommandery. The pall-bearers willbe: H. A. Powers, Jos. L. Leach,Geo. Donaldson, Jas. McClure, R. M.Collier, A. P. Adair, Jacob Deschler,H. O. James.LRANEY MARTINMiss Nora Raney and Mr.- JamesMartin, both of this county, secureda marriage license here Tuesday andwere married in the court house byRev. J. S. Sims, of the MethodistChurch. -MARTIN WEBB.Mr. Ernest Martin, of this city,and Miss Sarah Frances Webb, of Perryville, were married in Danville,Wednesday morning at 10 o'clock.The bride was a student at the Bourbon Female College last season, and isa handsome and attractive youngwoman. The groom is a well-knownliveryman and stock dealer, and isMagistrate from the Paris district.Mr. and Mrs. Martin will reside here.BIRTHS.Born On Saturday, June 20, tothe wife of Mr. Edward Bean, nearClay's Cross Roads, a daughter. Mr.and Mrs. Bean recently moved fromBoyle County to a farm they purchased from Mr. W. R. Scott, on theGeorgetown pike.The Stony Point Sunday Schoolwill meet Sunday afternoon at theresidence of Mr. W. R. Tuttle. Everyone is cordially invited to attend.STOCK HInotes.H. Margolen bought Monday tenhead of 275-pound hogs of J. W.Stevens, at $7.50 per hundred pounds.'E. P. Weathers, of near Clintonville, bought seven head of 1,100pound cattle from G. W. Halsey, ofClark County, at $7.25 per hundred.John J. Redmon, of near NorthMiddletown, bought from Little &Powell, of Montffomerv Omintv thioweek, twenty-five head of heifers, av-leraging aoout 500 pounds, at $33 perhead.JOHN H. ROSEBERRYAPPOINTED ADMINISTRATOR.Mr., John H. Roseberry, who resideson Cane Ridere lias Iiapm nnnninfnadministrator of the estate of the lateMr. Joseph A. Hildreth, who died inParis several days ago. Mr. Roseberry qualified by giving bond in thesum of $1,000, with Mr. John Hildrethbon or tne deceased, as suretyMessrs. L. J. Fretwell and E. b!Hedges were named as appraisers ofthe estate.EVERYTHING A BARGAINHaving been away from my storenearly five weeks, I am going to makeup some loss of time by increasingsales for the next two weeks or until July 1st. Everything will be soldat greatly reduced prices and if youwant anything in my store just comein and see -how low it will be pricedThis includes Cut,Glas, Hand-paintedChina, Dining Sets, Soaps, Perfumes,Toilet Articles, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, etc.CHAS. E. BUTLER,- 'Opp. Court Hquse, Paris, Ky.MATRIMONIIRELIGIOUSAn OrdinanceOrdering the Improvement ofMain Street, in the City ofParis, Ky., from the SouthSide of Tenth Street to theNorth Side of Bank Row,with B tulithic Paving.Be it Ordained by the Board ofCouncil' of the City of Paris:Section 1. Main Street in the Cityof Paris, Kentucky, from south sideof Tenth Street to north side ofBank Row, is hereby orderedimproved by the removal x ofthe present wearing surface thereonand by the construction of wood,block, or vitrified brick or bitulithicpaving upon the present concretefoundation. Said improvement, if bitulithic paving is used shall be madein accordance with the specificationshereinafter provided.Section 2. The said improvementshall be done at the exclusive cost ofthe City of Paris, and shall be paid forin cash upon completion and acceptance of the work.Section 3.. Said improvement shallbe done in accordance with the following specifications:SPECIFICATIONS:The present wearing surface shallbe removed from the present concrete foundation, and all material soremoved shall be deposited by thecontractor at the city quarry or at anyother points which may be selectedby the Mayor, such points, however,to be no further distance from thepoint of removal than the city quarry.Upon the present concrete foundation shall then be laid the followingwearing surface:Such wearing surface shall be composed of hard crushed stone, sand andbituminous cement, and shall havethe thickness, when compressed, oftwo inches.In preparing the mineral aggregatefor the above wearing surface the following method and apparatus shall beused:The several grades and sizes ofmineral aggregate shall be accuratelymeasured in proportions previouslydetermined by labaratory tests togive the best results, that is, the mostdense mixture of mineral aggregateand one having inherent stability,heated in a rotary mechanical heater,so designated as to keep each batchby itself until heated and then passinto a rotary mixer; or the varyingsizes of stone approximately proportioned shall be fed into an elevatorterminating and discharging into a rotary dryer, and, after heating, thestone shall be elevated and passedthrough a rotary screen having sections with various size openings. Theminimum screen opening shall be aone-tenth inch, and the maximumshall not be greater than one and onehalf inch. The difference in the widthof openings in successive sectionsshall not exceed one-fourth inch insections having openings smaller thanone-half inch, and shall not exceedone half inch in sections having openings greater than one-half inch. Theseveral sizes of stone thus separatedby the screen sections shall pass intoa bin containing sections or compartments corresponding to the screensections. From these compartmentsthe stone shall be drawn into a weighbox resting on a multi-beam scale Theseveral sizes of mineral aggregate, after being separately weighed andmeasured as above, hall be droppedinto a twin pug or other approvedform or mixer. In the mixer bitulithic cement shall be added in sufficient quantity to coat all particles andfill such voids as remain unfilled bythe proportionment of the mineral aggregate. The aggregate shall be soproportioned as to secure in the aggregate inherent stability, densityfreedom from voids and resistance todisplacement, and a mixture whichwhen combined with the bitulithic cement and compacted together willform a bituminous street pavementstructure containing mixed mineral ingredients of such grades as will givethe structure inherent stability, andone in which the largest and smallestpiece are associated with each otherindiscriminately throughout thestructure, and in which the plastic bituminous compositon permeates theentire mass, uniting the various sizedparticles thereof; filling the voids andforming the wearing surface. If thecrushed stone does not containfinely 'divided particles to fill thesmall voids in the aggregate, the deficiency of these fineiy divided particles shall be made up by the additionof sand or other suitable fine mineralmatter.The mineral aggregate shall beheated and mixed with a .bitulithiccement at a temperature consistentwith good workmanship. The wholemixture shall be hot enough whenreaching the street to be capable ofbeing spread and raked without difficulty, and not so hot as to injure thebitulithic cement.There shall be spread over the bitulithic surface mixture a seal coat,using per square yard of bitulithicpavement approximately one-fourthgallon of bitulithic cement, into whichshall be incorporated approxinatelytwenty-five pounds of mineral aggregate not larger than one-quarter inchdiameter. After spreading the sealcoat, it shall be thoroughly rolled into the bitulithic surface mixture.Each layer of the work shall bekept as free as possible from dirt, sothat it will unite with the succeedinglayer.The bituminous composition or cement shall in each case be free fromwater, and shall be especially refined to remove volatile and other matter susceptible to tunospheric influences. Section 4. The contractor will berequired to execute bond with suretyto be approved by the Mayor in thepenal sum of twenty per cent, of theamount of the contract price for saidwork, guaranteeing said work againstdefective workmanship and material,for a period of five years from thedate of the completion and acceptance of said workx and agreeing to re-1pair and replace any defects appearing in said street during said" period,because of any deafective workmanship or' material,The contractor will also be requiredto execute bond to the city with surety to be approved by the Mayor,agreeing to protect and indemnify thecity against and -from any loss or damage which It may sustain because ofany negligence on the part of the contractor. Section 5. Should it be necessaryto repair or replace any part of thepresent concrete foundation, then thecontractor shall be allowed the actualcost of such work, plus fifteen percent for supervision.Section 6 The Mayor is herebydirected and authorized to receivebids for the doing of said work onWednesday, July 8, 1914, and is further directed to advertise for bids forthe doing of said work by advertisements in the Kentuckian-Citizen orBourbon News, newspapers publishedin the City of Paris, such advertisement to be made in each issue of saidpaper between the date of this ordinance and the date fixed for the reception of bids.Section 7. This ordinance shalltake effect from and after its passage,approval and. publication as requiredby law.J. T. HINTON, Mayor.Attest: J. W. HAYDEN, City Clerk.PARIS MAN SEEK CONTRACTSFOR CITY SCHOOL BOOKS.Prof. J. S. Johnson, of Paris, representing the Lyons" & Carnahan BookCompany, of Chicago, was in Winchester, Wednesday afternoon to conferwith Superintendent E. F. Darnaby, ofthe Winchester Public Schools in regard to 'placing the text books published by his company in the localschools. Prof. Johnson was enrouteto his home in Paras from Lawrenceburg, where he closed a large contractwith the Educational Board, of thatcity, for an arithmetic published bythe Lyons & Carnahan Co., and hassecured several other contracts incities of the first, second, third andfourth classes. Prof. Johnson wasprincipal of the Paris Public Schoolsfor eight years, resigning last Aprilto accept his present position.REPORT OF THE CONDITION OFDeposit Bank of Parisdoing business at the town of Paris,County of Bourbon, State of Kentucky,sit the olnso r-f hnoinoco n Via OOf-Vi rn,rW June, 1914.RESOURCES.Loans and Discounts $466,244 29Overdrafts, secured and unsecured 7,234 26Stocks, Bonds and other securities 4,823 22Due fiom Banks 45.142 86Cash on hand 26,998 05Check3 and other cash items 149 78Banking House, Furnitureand Fixtures 12,500 00Other Real Estate 1,907 01$564,999 47LIABILITIES.Capital Stock paid in. incash $100,000Surplus Fund 40,000Undivided . Profits, less expenses and taxes paid 14,670Deposits subjectto check 253,605 11Demand Certificates of Deposit 5,506 75"Time Deposits 149,773 68408,885Due Banks and Trust Companies 1,44300007617$564,999 47STATE OF KENTUCKY, )County of Bourbon.sct.We, J. M. Hall and C. K. Thomas,President and Cashier of the abovenamed bank, do solemnly swear thatthe above statement is true to the bestof our knowledge and belief.J. M. HALL, President,C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.Subscribed and sworn to before methis 25th day of June, 1914.My commission expires Jan. 13.1918.GEO. L. DOYLE,Notary Public.Correct Attest:N. KRIENER,DUNCAN BELL,,E. M. DICKSON,Directors.rm a i mm.""HMiaBnanB...We Are Now Showing...! i"Vr iThe newest and smartest Pumps in PatenDull Kid and Gun Metal, in Colonial andBulgarian styles, with the new LouisandSpoolHeels.Also Baby Doll Pumps in Patent and GunMetal. Come to us to be fitted.Geo. McWilliams,12Phones 301GOING AT LOW PRICES. 'Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Brushes, atlow prices until July 1, 1914.BUTLER'S,Opp. Court House,REPORT OF THE CONDITION OFThe Bourtion Bank andTrust Co.,doing business at the town of ParisCounty of Bourbon, State of Kentucky'at the close of business on the 20th davI of June, 1914. JRESOURCES:Loans and Discounts S40S,399 28Overdrafts, secured and un-secured 6 405 90Due from Banks 45,942 48Cash on hand 17 069 68Banking House, Furnitureand Fixtures i450o CO'HAQO O-tr, nI . LIABILITIES:Capital Stock paid in, incash $100,000 00ttU1u4 )"";: 50,000 00-i Undivided. Profits, less expenses and taxes paid 12,393 09-Deposits subjectto check $276,205 84Time Deposits., 47,740 42-323,946 2&Due Banks and Trust Com-panies 4f 808 igReserved for Taxes 1,169 81$492,317 34STATE OF KENTUCKY. ) .County of Bourbon, SctWe, Buckner Woodford and B. Woodford, Jr., President and Cashier of theabove named bank, do solemnly swearthat the above statement is true to thebest of our knowledge and belief.B. WOODFORD. President.BUCKNER WOODFORD, JR.,c. u -. -. Cashier,bubscnbed and sworn to before methis 24th day of June, 1914.My commission expires January 13.1918. JC. K. THOMAS,Notary Public.Correct Attest:J. T. HINTON.J. W. DAVIS,B. A. FRANK,Directors.REPORT OK THE CONDITION OFThe Agricultural Bank,doing business at the town of ParisCounty of Bourbon, State of Kentuckyat the close of business on 20th' dav ofJune, 1914.RESOURCES:Loans and Discounts $383,114 14Overdrafts, secured and unsecured 4,467 80Stock, Bonds and otherSecurities 2,000 00Due from Banks 19.059 85Cash on hand 23J954 87Banking. House, Furniture ' -and Fixtures 15,000 00$447,596 72LIABILITIES:Capital Stock paid in. incash. $100,000 00Surplus Fund 70.OOO 00Undivided Profits, less ex-penses and taxes paid 10.570 ITDeposits subjectto check $169,717 00Time Deposits. 52,104 56221,821 5&Due Banks and Trust Companies 1 fi.97 31j Reserve for Taxes 3957 681 tfills Payable 35.000 00$447,596 72STATE OF KENTUCKY, e .County of Bourbon, bctWe, J. W. Davis and Jno. J. McClintock, President and Cashier ofthe above named bank, do solemnlyswear that the above statement is trueto the best of our knowledge and beliefJ. W. DAVIS, President.JNO. J. McCLINTOCK, Cashier.'Subscribed and sworn to before methis 24th day of June, 1914.My commission expires January 13,1918.GEO. L. DOYLE,Notary Public, Bourbon County.Correct Attest:J. D. McCLINTOCK,KREINER,GEO. W. WYATT,Directors.1IThe Shoe ManIj'Q.""sxVvTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCRY, JUNE 26 19149yWm&rt' JHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADTobacco insuranceagainst ha IE. SeeRoxie Davis. 26tfWHITE DRESSES.7.50, $8.50 and 9.50 White Dressesat 4.98, atSIMON'S.LADIES OF MT. CARMELCHURCH TO GIVE SUPPER.The ladies of the Mt. CarmelCLurch will serve ices and cake atthe church Saturday night, June 27.Tickets 25 cents. Proceeds to buy aca:pet for the church.HALF PRICE SALE.i4.50 House Dresses, at' 75c, for todav and to-morrow.HARRY SIMON.FARM WITHDRAWN AFTERBID OF $115 PER ACRE.The farm of E. D. Brown, locatedn the Giltner pike, near Hutchison,-as offered at public sale Wednesday,tot was withdrawn after being bid to115 per acre. The farm contains144 acres of land in a good state ofc jltivation.TRIMMED HATS.50 Trimmed Hats at $1.98, atSIMON'S.RASPBERRIES FOR PRESERVING.Leave your order to-day and tomorrow if you want them.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.PARIS MAN SUES EXPRESSCOMPANY IN MASON COURT.Maysville attorneys have filed suitIn the Mason Circuit Court for BerryRenaker, of Paris, against the AdamsExpress Company for $150.45, as alleged loss sustained on a carload ofturkeys shipped by the plaintiff lastDecember, which the defendant failedto deliver promptly.GOLD MINE COFFEE.Flavor as rich as the name. Everypackage contains a coupon for a uremium, one pound of coffee and a nicedish, for only 30 cents.(It) T. C. LENIHAN.SKIRTS.$7.50, Skirts at 4.98; $10.00 skirts at$7.50; $15.00 Skirts at $9.98, atSIMON'S.MR. ELLIS HAYDEN TOTAKE POSITION IN TORONTO.Mr. Ellis Hayden, of this city, whorecently graduated with high honorsin the engineering department of theState University, at Lexington, leftTuesday for Toronto, Canada, wherehe will take a position with the Canadian Power Regulation Co. Mr. Hayden will stop over at Detroit to visithis classmate, Mr. E. T. Blaker, whowas a member of the 1914 graduating class.GOLD MINE COFFEE.Flavor as rich as the name. Everypackage contains a coupon for a premium, one pound of coffee and a nicedish, for only 30 cents.(It) T. C. LENIHAN.WAISTS.$1.50 Waists at 98 cents, at Simon's.THE OLD BOURBON FAIRSEPT. 1, 2, 3 AND 4.SODALftiPERSONALELECTRICAL STORMjuestThe coming meeting of the BourbonCounty Agricultural Society on Sept.1, 2, 3 and 4, is a sure go, and it willbe one of the most successful meet-5 r era oiror ll ol fSecretary John Wiggins is in com-,mumcauon wmi sevciai "-- -carnival companies in America, andfrom the number will be selected thebest. Announcements will be madefrom time to time of features to bepresented on the grounds on Sept. 1,2, 3 and 4.BARN AND CONTENTSDESTROYED BY LIGHTNING.During the electrical storm whichprevailed yesterday afternoon, thelarge barn of Mr. Lafe Ardery, on theLexington pike, was struck by lightning, and with its contents, was totally destroyed. The barn was partlyinsured. A large quantity of hay,oats and other feed was destroyedin the fire.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.STORM INTERFERES WITHELECTRICAL SERVICE IN CITYDuring the storm which passedover Paris and vicinity yesterday afternoon several poles carrying thehigh tension wire of the Lexingtonservice which supplies Paris withlight and power, were blown down,and connections severed. The lightand power service for Paris was interfered with, temporarily, but energeticwork by the company's workers hadthe service restored by 7 p. m. Theworst damage was done between station 34 and 35 on the interurban linebetween Paris and Lexington. TheParis Gas & Electric Light Co.'s officewas beseiged by anxious inquirersSuperintendent Steenbergen and assistants got busy and by dint of presistent work got assurances from theLexington end of the line that theservice would be resumed by 7:00 p.m. Every effort that could be madeto restore the service was made bythe Paris officials and they een madearrangements to start up the Parisplant, when, the current came on andservice resumed.Mr. Barnett Winters is aof relatives in Eminence.Mrs. Theresa Hibler is seriouslyill at her home on High Street.Rev. Frank J. Cheek, of Danville,was a visitor in this city, yesterday.Miss Mary Foster, of Covington,is a guest of Miss Martha Ferguson.Miss Rosina Elder is a' guest ofher cousin, Miss Mattic Elder, in Richmond. Mr. Ernest Martin has returnedfrom a visit to friends in MercerCounty.Miss Annie Janeson is a guest ofher sister, Mrs. A. L. Slicer, on SouthMain Street.Mrs. W. J. Calvert, of Paris, leftTuesday for a two-weeks' visit inStrader, 111.Miss Mattie Whaley is a-guest ofher sister, Mrs. Hoffman Woody inMt. Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. Frank P. Walkerwere guests of Mr. and Mrs. P. P..Cummins, Sunday.Mrs. John B. Northcott, who hasbeen ill at her home on PleasantStreet, is improving.Mrs. Thos. M. Funk, of SouthMain Street, has as guest her cousin,Miss West, of Nicholasville.Miss May Stokely has returned toher home in Cynthiana, after a visitto relatives in this county.Mrs. Harry Hill and son, Harvey,are visiting in Livingston, where Mr.Hill is temporarily stationed.Mrs. J. W. Grinnan was a guestof Mr. and Mrs. Ed. E. Adams, inRichmond several days this week.Miss Carolyn Berry, of Lexington,was a guest several days this weekof her sister, Mrs. Frank P. Lowry.Mrs. Henry Craig, of Georgetown, is a guest of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Joe W. Davis, in this city.Mrs. J. T. Sharrard has returnedfrom a visit to her mother, Mrs. W. K.Griffiith, at Broadwell, in HarrisonCounty.Dr. Kinson Dunham, of Cincinnati, will be a guest next week of Mr.and Mrs. Arthur Hancock, on DuncanAvenue.-'-Mrs. Walter Martin, who hasbeen under medical treatment at theMassie Memorial Hospital, is improving rapidly.Mrs. Geo. Phillips and daughter,Miss Charlotte, have returned from avisit to her sister, Mrs. Lee Calhoun,in Cynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. White Varden havereturned after spending several dayswith Mrs. Varden's parents', Mr. andMrs. D. C. Lisle.Miss Nellie Lovely, who has beena guest of her sister, Mrs. Alex Tingle, in this city, has returned to herhome in Lexington.Mrs. Arthur Hancock and herguest, Miss Harriet Hancock, ofCharlottsville, Va., were visitors inFrankfort, Tuesday.Miss Belle Horton and her guest,Miss Ruth Morgan, of Nashville,Tenn., were guests of relatives inMaysville, this week.Miss Lucy Clay Woodford has returned to her home in Mt. Sterling,after a visit to her cousin, Miss Elizabeth Yerkes, in this city.Mrs. J. F. Slaughter and children,of Dennison, Tex., are guests of theformer's parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. T.Brown, on South Main Street.Mrs. Samuel Biggs and sons,George and Samuel Biggs, Jr., ofHuntington, W. Va., are guests ofMrs. Biggs' parents, Mr. and Mrs. E.B. Hedges, on Stoner Avenue.Mrs. W. Ed. Tucker has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. EmmaPrice, in Georgetown. Mrs. Price accompanied her home for a visit. -Mrs. Kate Chambers sustained afall Monday evening at her home onDuncan Avenue, from the effects ofwhich she is confined to her bed.Miss Lizzie Mae Ecton and MissSarah Dudley Tracy, of Winchester,were guests this week of Mrs. D. G.Taylor, at her home near this city.Mrs. O. L. Brock, of this city, whohas been seriously ill of typhoid feverat St. Josephs Hospital, in Lexington,is reported as being considerably improved. Miss Helen Cain left yesterdayfor a visit to her unle, Roger Cain, inWheeling, W. Va. Before returninghome she "will visit in Washingtonand other Eastern cities.Mrs. Lyttleton B. Purnell has returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Phil D. Barbour, in St. Louis. Herdaughter, Miss Rebecca Purnell, whohas been a guest of Misses Elizabethand Alice Barbour, at St. Mathews,Ky., returned with her.a party composed of Mr. L. Grinnan, Dr. Geo. Varden, Mr. Owen L.Davis and Mr. Ollie P. Carter, motored yesterday to High Bridge. Theywill spend several days along theKentucky River, Mr. Grinnan makingpictoral records of scenes and eventsalong the way.The following were participantsin the dance given by the TansenDancing Club, at the Phoenix Hotel inLexington, Wednesday night: MissesAnna Wilson, Elizabeth Brown, Matilda James and Frances Champa;Messrs. Tom Prichard, Edward Fithian, Ireland Davis, Jas. Thompson,Duke Brown, Harry Horton, DouglasClay, Robt. Jones, Graham Young,Price; Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champ.Miss Mary Kenney Webber entertained her hpuse guests with a delightful outing Wednesday, taking inside trips to the Harkness and othernoted stock farms near Lexington.The party visited the Graas Park,where a picnic dinner was spread andenjoyed by the following guests: Mr.and Mrs. Chas. A. Webber, MissesMary Kenney Webber, Vallette McClintock, Martha Talbott; Juliet LeeRisque, (Midway); Elizabeth Erdman," (Lexington); Sarah Ghowning,( Shelby ville); Carolyn Erdman, (Lexington); Messrs. John Clay, TurneyClay, Stuart Wallingford, George Ardery, Forest Letton, I. D. Thompson,Jr., Preston ,Whie.Severe Storm Passes Over Pari andVicinity Yesterday AfternoonFollowing several days of extremeheat, a storm of great Gsvpritv dpvpi-i , . ... w " -opea in this section yesterday afterjnoon, doing considerable damage, butnothing of a very serious nature, solar as couia oe ascertained.Lightning struck the steeple of thePresbyterian Church, corner of Pleasant and Sixth Streets, tearing out awindow casing and breaking severalpanes of glass.Two horses being led from a stable just below the church, by JamesElliott, were stunned and hrown tothe ground, but soon recovered. Mr.Elliott was slightly stunned, but unhurt. An unknown woman, whose namecould not be learned was stunned andthrown against the fence.The barn of of Mr. Fay Ardery, onthe Lexington pike. was struck bylightning and destroyed, together withcontents.ATTENTION K. T,Members of Coeur de Lion Commandery will meet in full uniform atthe residence of Dr. Frank Fithian, at4 p. m. sharp this afternoon to attendthe funeral of Sir Knight William Bostain. LINDSAY STEWART, E. C..THOMAS LUB TO BEORGANIZED HERE SATURDAY.Supporters of Hon. C. M. Thomaswill effect an organization of aThomas Club at a meeting to be heldin the court house to-morrow, Saturday afternoon, June 27, at 2:00 o'ciockMr. John T. Collins is Chairman ofthe Committee.PORCH SHADES.We sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.(5-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.S SOME 2SEASONftBLE S !Fly Time Is Here.Get rid of the flies!Use Sticky Fly Paper ifyou want to. We sell itat the rate of 2 for 5c;5 for 10c. Fly Buttons,5c a package. Fly Swatters, 10c each. PersianFly Powders, 10c a package, 50c a pound.PARAFFIN E.We are selling the bestParaffine for 5c a block,15c a pound. Use it forall sealing purposes. Itwill keep your preservedfruits for an indefiniteperiod.:8 People's Pharmacy 3PARTS xrv.;PARIS, KY.Doyle Buiklin g8th and Main."Watch Our. Windows."m vBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT,Miss Nannie Florence, of Versailles,was awarded a verdict of $500 Tuesday in her action for damages in thesuit brought against Mr. John K.Northcott, of Cynthiana. Mrs. Florence sued for damages as a result ofpersonal injuries received when herhorse scared at Mr. Northcott's automobile, and ran away.The hearing of the suit of Mr. G. V.Graves against Thomas Craven for$2,500 damages, was begun Tuesdayafternoon. The case was given to thejury Wednesday morning, after arguments by counsel. A verdict of $100in favor of Graves was returned.In the case of the Houston committee against John Buckley, Wednesday,the jury failed to agree. There beingon further cases for this term of courtthe petit jury was discharged.FOUNDA motorcycle lamp. Owner can getsame by proving property and payingcharges of advertising. Apply at theBourbon News office.FOR SALE.Folding Bed; Miller Cooking Range?Cooking Stove, Call CumberlandPhone No. 904, (It)H. M. HAMILTONVETERINARIANOffice, Butler's Drug StorePhones 261. Residence phones:Cumberland 246, Home 449.PARIS, KY.OWING TO OUR LARGE SPRING BUSINESSWE WERE,FORCED TO DUPLICATEOUR ORDERS ONSilks, Challis aridWash GoodsHowever, you will find patterns and styles that aredifferent; values that you will'will sayare unsurpassedOur Dress Trimming and Lace StockCannot be equaled in this part of the StateWhen it comes to LACE CURTAINS, DRAPERIESand RUGS we are right there we have the goods.W. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.CftStrayed or Stolen.A suitable reward will be paid forinformation lealing to recovery ofmy two bird dogs, which are missing.One a white setter bitch with bob tail,and a black and white spotted dog.GRANT OVERBY,(26-3t) Parfis, Ky.Modern Cottage for Rent.We offer for rent to a responsibleparty a six-room cottage on Cypressstreet, near Fifteenth street. Thehouse is undergoing extensive improvements and is being fitted up with natural gas, electric lights, up-to-datebath fixtures, nicaly papered throughout and painted. The rooms are largeand well ventilated with ample hallroom, pantry, cejlar, etc. Possessionwill be given on or before July 1, 1914,For particulars call Either Phone 41, orapply toMILLER & LILLESTON,No. 7 Bank Row,(24je-tf) Paris, Ky.m93WtPOT WEATHER SPECIALSix Iced Tea Glasses,Six Iced Tea Spoonsand Six CoastersALL FOR$4.50 -C.O. HINTONinanataiaiiiummnWwwwWWWWWwWWWwWtThe Vest PocketKODAKis a miniature in size, but a thoroughly cabable. durable, 'practical and e&cient camera.Takes pictures 15-8x2 1-2inches, and of such good definition that enlargements may bemade to any reasonable size.. Loads in daylight with Kodakfilm cartridges for eight exposures. Lustrous black finish..Price, $6.00.4Porch and Lawn Goods!FOR ONEEXTRAFORONE WEEKWEEKvudorREINFORCEDHAMMOCKS ,THE KIND THAT LAST.ONLY!FOR GASHONLY!You must not, you cannot afford to rnissj these big bargains. Goods charged at regular prices.4-passenger Lawn Swings reducedfrom $7.50 to.DaughertyBros.Lawn Benches reduced from. $1.25toSteamer Chairs reduced from $1.25toPorch Swings reduced from $3.00 to(Chains and Hangings Complete)Porch Swings reduced from $4.25 toVudor Hammocks reduced from$1.85 to '. ...$5.90.79.752.353.251.35Porch Rockers reduced from $4.00to .$2.90Porch Benches reduced from $8.75to 5.85Vudor Shades reduced from $3.00to..r 2.00Porch Tables reduced from $7.50 to 5.60Crex Rugs reduced from $1.75 to. . . 1.15Bombay Reed Chairs reduced from$10.00 to : 7.50Kaltex Chairs reduced from $7.50 to 5.95We areshowing an immense line of these goods and theabove prices are given merely as an example of what yourmoney will do for you for one week. COME NOW! DON'TWAIT! You will not see these prices duplicated. NO SECOND HAND GOODS.We Are Also Offering Big Reductions. on Go-Cartsand Refrigerators.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance Wood Mantels:5It4.-ij-. V, ITHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KY., JUNE 26, 1914.Mi i !l EPWDRTH LEAGUErlli iiiii ii i in iiiiSiliiii ill .,"" 1 F I AND IIill CAN' 11111 ill!r v , iirfl!,.rsi iI? l IBii :a 'V"ADAThe land of lakes and cool breezes.An ideal place to spend your vacation.Let one of our passenger representatives help you plan your trip. Noobligation whatever and you will beassured of excellent transportationfacilities and courteous treatment.COMBINATIONRAIL, LAKE and OCEAN TRIPSWITH OPPORTUNITY OF VISITINGDetroit - Niagara Falls - Toronto - Montreal - QuebecNew York - Boston and many interesting placesLOW FARES LONG LIAIITS LIBERAL STOP-OVERSCall on your local agent or addressP. C. BENEDICT, D. P. A. or F. P. WADE, T. P. A.Fifth and Walnut Sti., Cincinnati, O.Illustrated Tour Books on application"A1$ f lililllll lilll II II it!iiiiii!ilfMfeii; lllllllllllll lllllll 1 1181 1 1111111 11111 llliitellll 1111 111L?til ;.-iJ Jm ?vJ .'J, .T. A. HENDRICKSRepresentingThe Higgin Manufacturing Co.Our Business.i5 T - i.1-If JVWindow and Door Equipments:Aill 'Mjiiidow Screens, All Metal Weather Strips,, 7- Window Ventilators.t 'v. AValger Awnings, the Best in the World.jw.AutomatTe-DQor.. Checks everything in window anddoor perfection. 'Estimates furnished on large or smalltcpntraets.- IEIUS FIGURE WITH YOU. Drop us a postalor calloverlre; phone -and we will send a representative to-sideyou.r "- " "" "'- -Hundreas'in Bourbon County to Jefer you to as to thesatilaciioTKwe riav- given our customers in Paris andvicinity; ."TX A." HENDRICKS,bCpanupuoo)pear as large as some others. But thiscan easily be corrected in future reports by our liberal and ambitiousmembers.The most encouraging fct, however,is that the new members are mostlyyoung people, who are certain to develop into zealous workers for theMaster's vineyard.From the earliest times men havebeen erecting buildings. They are stillerecting them. But the building whichthe Paris Epworth League has had under construction and which they haveabout completed, is far different andquite unlike all others fashioned by human hands. 'Che foundation of ourmansion is "All For Christ," the doorsare the doors of hospitality, the ascending stairs of gold and white lead to themagnificent dome which arches theheaven, illuminated with the light offriendship and brotherly loye. Asdoorkeepers of this mansion we throwopen the lockless doors to you as ourguests.We have looked forward with greatphasure to this meeting, and we takemuch pride in welcoming you to thiscity, the heart of the Bluegrass. Wef :?.; Bn" 'aBBBBBBBBMREV. J. B. HARRIS,President Kentucky Conference Kp-worth League Assembly264"Rand AvenutSTelephone 2585LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYVI, VGreatBargainSaleNowGoing On!Greater Bargains than youhave ever before heard of inParis.KINDLY CALL 'ATTwin Bios. Depaumeni stoie,Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.are well provided to take care of you,and should any of you take suddenly ill,we have within quick call, Osteopaths,Allopaths and Homeopaths, "and all thepaths that lead but to the grave."We bid you something more than welcome: We want you to know and to feelthat you are no longer visitors, butthat our homes are your homes, andthat you have accessTo Paris, tre caiden spot of the worldwhere all beauty seems to blend,And reflect, like some great mirrorstationed there by Nature's hand.And to you, Mr. President, as this isthe first time lor you to preside overthe Kentucky Conference League, theParis Chapter desires to make you apresent of a very unique gift. Lastyear Paris suffered a considerabledrouth, the most severe known evenby our oldest citizens. This drouth revealed in the dry channel of StonerCreek, near the Paris Mill, an old dam,which the court records show was builtin the year 1792. From the wood takenfrom this old dam we have caused tobe made the handle of this gavel, andthe Paris League has asked me to present you this gavel and bid you takecharge and rule as leniently as UncleJoe Cannon, or at least as kindly asOld Man Grump.Again with all my heart I welcomeall of you in the name of the good people of this city, and to the end of mylife I would bid you to"Come in the evening or come in themorning,Come when you are looked for or comewithout warning;A thousand welcomes you'll find herebefore you,But the oftener you come the more wewill love you.""3ARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.JLv. Court House.. 7.00 a m7.45 a m$.15 a mS.45 a mS.15 a m-S.45 a mlt.15 a mv Jt.45 a m. 11.15 am11.45 a m12.00 m1:45 p m. U5 p mPPPPP1452.152:453.153.454.15S.15.40 p m'. p m s9- A p m. .CJty Limits Onlmmmmmp mp mLve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m. s10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m, 6.40 pmKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:2011:501:202:503:304:205:006:007:209:1011:00fora ma mp mq. mp mmmmmmLeave ParisLexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 am9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p2:15 p.3:45 pP4:305:156:056:508:15mmmmmmmmp mDaily except Sim day.10:05 p mRumors of war always excite a single man. But a married man doesn'tpay much, attention to them. "He isused to war.REV. J. S. SIMMS,Host of Epworth League Conference.LIST OF VISITORS.NOTE The first named is the visiting Delegate followed by the nameof the Host or Hostess to whom theDelegate has been assigned:MARION, VA.Dr. Frank Jackson Mr. Albert Hinton. NASHVILLE, TENN.Dr. E. H. Rawlins Judge E. B. January. Dr. J. Marvin Culbreth Judge E.B. January.FT. THOMAS.Rev. J. O. A. Vaught Mrs. C. W.Baird.Ruth Evelyn Davies Mrs. E. M.Wheeler.CYNTHIANA.Miss Violette Renaker Mrs. WmMyall. -MissFannie Conway Mrs. NellieHighland.Miss Frances Kimbrough Mrs.Lilleston.BERRY.Miss Alice Ross Miss Maude Taylor. ODDVILLE.Mr. John G. Fisher Mrs. JoeLenox.Rev. C. W. Williams Mrs. 'JoeLenox.Mrs. C. W. Williams Miss MaudeTaylor.HUBBLE.Miss Mina Rankin Mrs. Jas. Grinnell, Jr.Miss Flora McBeath Mrs. Jas.Grinnell, Jr.WINCHESTER.Mr. Walter Moore Miss StellaOwens.Rev. and Mrs. R. T. Brown Mrs.Dr. Dailey.Miss Katherine Spencer Mrs. S.Lilleston.Mr. Roy Fitch Mr. W. O. Fuller.NEWPORT.Rev. H. G. Price Miss Flora Hill.Miss Eva. Downing Mrs. Wm.Myall.Mr. Harlan Woodward Mr. A. R.Dennison.Rev. T. W. Barker Miss Flora Hill.COVINGTON.Mr. Jasper Bradford Mr. A. R.Dennison.Miss Luicle Swetnam Mrs. H. M.Hamilton.Miss Lillian Hood Mrs. H. M.Hamilton.Rev. and Mrs". H. C. Martin Mrs.Harold Roberts.Mr. Wm. Rice Mr. H. H. Hancock. Mr. P. C. Regan Mr.' H. H. Hancock. Rev, J. B. Harris Mrs. C. W.Baird, c - .-" BOYD.Miss Betsy Smith Mrs. Robt. McIntire. BOSTON STATION.Miss Annie Burlew Mrs. Robt. McIntire. " JENKINS.Rev. G. W. Crutchfield Mr. J .D.Shy.Miss Julia Crutchfield -Mrs. Wm.Myall.MT. STERLING.Rev. T. W. Wartfc Mr. J. D. Shy.Mr. 'Courtney Horton Mr. W. O.Fuller.Miss GlacTys Pieratt Mrs. BelleHiWep.GEORGETOWN.Wife's "Sue B. Wolfe Mrs. N. H.Eckler.Miss Thelman Williams Mrs. N. H.Eckler.PETERSBURG.Miss Mary Nelson Mrs. RebeccaRudisell.EMINENCE.Miss Ruth Gardner Mrs. S. T.Chipley.Miss Mary Willoughby Burton Mrs.Lawrence Vanhook.CARROLLTON.Miss Masterson Mrs. C. P. Mann.Miss Howe Mrs. C. P. Mann.Rev. J. W. Crates C. A. Ellis.VERSAILLES.Miss Ruth Cassaday Mrs. H. A.Power.Miss Margarett Ward Mrs. H. A.Power.WASHINGTON.Miss Artie Henson Mrs. EdgarTingle.Miss Martha Irvine Mrs. N. H.Eckler.NICHOLASVILLE.Miss Lillian Boggs Mrs. S. T. Chipley. Miss Eva Sellman Mrs. Belle Hib-ler.Rev. and Mrs. O. B. Crockett Mrs.Geo. Ellis.LEXINGTON.,Miss Marjorie Foster Mrs. Geo.Ellis.Miss Ida Lee Turner Mrs. Geo.Ellis.WILMORE.Miss Mary Maxey Mrs. Edgar Tingle. Mr. Elmer Hinkle C. A. Ellis.WALTON.Miss Lavenia F. Edwards Mfrs. Rebecca Rudisell.MAYSVILLE.Miss 'Hattie Simpson Mrs. EdgarTingle.Miss Katherine 'Clark Mrs. N. H.Eckler.STANFORD.Miss Mary Moore Raney Mrs.Highland.CARLISLE.Miss Anna Tune Mrs. J. A. Ruttencutter. Miss Ruth Campbell Mrs. J. A.Ruttencutter.WINCHESTER.Rev. J. W. Nelson Mrs. Grant Galloway. SHELBYVILLE.Miss Mary Elizabeth Chinn Mrs. IC. R. Alexander.LEXINGTON.Miss Helen Morris Mrs. E. M.Wheeler.LA GRANGE.Miss Myrtle Smith Mrs. FrankKiser.RICHMOND.Miss Hallie Gott Mrs. C. R. Alexander. MILLERSBURG.Mrs. Garland Fisher Mrs. DuncanBell.Miss Ollie Fisher Mrs-. S. Lilleston.BUTLER.Mr. Paul Yelton Mr. W. O. Fuller.Ollie Howe Mr. W. O. Fuller.Kentucky woman, sufferer fromstomach ills, quickly restoredMrs. Belle Hawkins Uses Mayr Remedy "Never Felt Better InMy Life."Mrs. Belle Hawkins, Eminence, Ky.,was a victim of stomach disorders.She took a great deal of treatmentand medical attention.At last she tried Mayr's WonderfulStomach Remedy and got real results.In a letter telling of her experienceshe said:"I have taken all of the medicine Iordered of you and will say it hasdone more good than all the doctorsand medicine I -ever tried. I don't really think I need any medicine now,as I think I am. well. I never feltbetter In my life. If I ever shouldneed any medicine I know where toget it."That is a typical letter, taken asone among the thousands from theusers of Mayr's Wonderful StomachRemedy. The first dose proves nolong treatment.Mayr's Monderful Stomach Remedyclears the digestive tract of muciodaccretions and removes poisonousmatter. It brings swjrt relief to sufferers from ailments of the stomach,liver and bowels. Many declare it hassaved them from dangerous o'perations and many are sure that it hassaved their lives.Because of the remarkable successof this remedy there are many imitators, so be cautious. Be sure it'sMAYER'S. Go to G. S. Varden & Sondrug store and ask about the wonderful results it has been accomplishingor send to Geo. H. Mayr, Mfsr. Chemist, 154-156 Whiting St., Chicago, 111.,for free book on stomach ailments,and many grateful letters from peoplewho have been restored. Any druggist can tell you its wonderful effects.(adv-No 2)"is-' --fVswWSsVj,".i . i i vv jvSfA'C",A- SgKThe Sherwin-Williams Buggy Paintwas originally made for re-painting and re-finishingold buggies, and combines all the toughness, durability, and strength of color necessary to withstandthe hard wear a buggy gets. There's no other paintfor the purpose as good and economical,j- It's splendid wearing qualities make it alsoadaptable for painting porch and lawn furniture andall articles subject to outside exposure where astrong, gloss finish is wanted.BaSmIm:0&SOLD BVIJw AC. A. DAUGHERTY.INSURANCE COMPANIESLOSE IMPORTANT CASE.Following a decision rendered afterthese cases had been adjudicated bythe trial court, the Court of AppealsFriday morning reversed the Franklin Circuit Court in the cases of theState Auditor, Bosworth, against theWashington Life Insurance Companyand the Illinois Life Insurance Company to collect permium tax on premiums collected by them after theywere liable for the tax on businessthey had written before their withdrawal. The suit against the Washington Life was for 2 per cent, taxon $49,000 and against the IllinoisLife for the tax on ?75,000.Judge Hannah wrote the opinionsin both cases.EIGHTH ERUPTION OF MT.LASSEN NOW IN PROGRESSThe eighth eruption of Mount Las-Isen, near Redding Cal., since it lastbecame active, on May 30, was distinctly visible there at noon Saturday,notwithstanding a thick haze that hadobstructed the outlines of the mountain, fifty miles away.The Progressives are now preparedto take their place among the greatparties. They have had a split.Having nothing else to do, Greeceand Turkey are again preparing to goto war.INDIGESTION AND CONSTIPATION"About five years ago I began taking Chamberlain's Tablets after suffering from indigestion and constipation for years without finding anything to relieve me. Chamberlain'stablets helped me at once and by using them for several weeks I wascured of the complaint," writes Mrs.Mary E. McMullen, Phelps, N. Y. Forsale by all dealers.(June)Father hates to go to bed at nightand hates to get up in the morning,,but that is ALL RIGHT. But whenthe children act that way they areLazy Brats.L. & N. TIME-TABLE:Maybe Carranza thinks there arenot enough Federal troops left withwhich to declare an armistice.COUGHS AND COLDS WEAKENTHE SYSTEM.Continued Coughs, Colds and Bronchial troubles are depressing andweaken the system. Loss of weightand appetite generally follow. Get a50c bottle of Dr. King's New Discovery to-day. It will stop your- cough.The first dose helps. The best medicine for Stubborn Coughs, Colds andall Throat and Lung Troubles. Mr.O. H. Brown, Muscatine, Ala., writes:"My wife was sick during the hot summer months and I honestly believeDr. King's New Discovery saved Jierlife." Good for children. 50a and$1.00 at your druggist.(June)EFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trains Arrive (No. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily j-01134 Lexington, Ky., Daily ?.icam29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y 7-qf7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ."..' 74?10. Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.440 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . . .' n'.TZ J37 Cincinnati, O., Daily q'AH3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '.. " " : 1 n " ?n nS12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10-lVnT33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10-24 nm26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.7. ; lo'-no25 . Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. : 3 . ja Jz9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ;. s-iSJm!138 Lexington, Ky., Daily qqS5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5-35 Sm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday : " 5508 Lexington, Ky., Daily fi-iRmn32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily rIoqSS31 Cincinnati, O., Daily ."!!!!!!!!!!!;10:50pmTrains IDeioartNo. TO34 Cincinnati, O., Daily. . 528 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '.'.'.'.'.'.'.". 5-35 am7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday i 747 jun40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 750 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 750 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9-42am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 94m33 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily .. ioq nm133 Lexington, Ky., Daily luyam6 Maysville, Ky., Daily ..; lo.'oSnm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except" Sunday .'.......... 1204 an13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3 32 nm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily .- 30nm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.7.7.7 556 m39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday "" " k . cc m32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6;28mq8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7. 6-25 nm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday r 40 L31 Lexington. Ky., Daily 10:55nm131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily ' io:57pmTraixis ArriveNo. . FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7-40 an4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 550 pn' Trauas 3Dea,rtNo. TO1 Frankkfort, Ky., Daily Except, Sunday. .- . '$3 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , ." -5:25"pxw(ss;.'"tjHR"-'i-T"""" ipj-. T.i"I'tiJ. .2 - -THE BOURBON tiEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 26 1914T'tfvf. -u rs. er. Td.-r jc"iris-"il'JACROP REPORT JUNE 1, 1914.The month of May was an unusually dry one in Kentucky. The crop reports coming to this office as of June1st, show that there was practicallyno rainfall in Kentucky from May 8thto June 1st. Almost every reportspeaks of the drouth, but the damageup to June 1st has not been serious.Since this time copious rains havefallen in many parts of the State. Thebest rains have occurred in the central and eastern portions of the xState.Sltowers over limited areas have occurred in the western sections.Wlieat cutting has begun in thesouthern portion of the State, and theindications are that we will have arecord-breaking crop in Kentucky.Condition is given at 96 per cent, atthe beginning of the harvest, and it isnow too late for weather conditionsto prevent the maturing of a largeyield of wheat of splendid quality.The crop has but one daager to runnow, and that is, an excessive rainfall while in the shock. Rye has heldits own and the condition is given at33 per cent. This crop is practicallymade. Another crop that is madeand ready for harvest is the Bluegrassseed crop, which will be large and ofgood quality. Condition of Bluegrassis given at 96 per cent.The corn acreage is given at 96 percent., while the condition is stated at87 per cent. The drouth to a certainextent has affected both the plantingof the corn and the condition of thatplanted. The damage to corn, however, is probably not very great, asthe rains that have fallen since thefirst of June will remedy much of thetrouble indicated by the reports.Oats, however, with an acreage of 89per cent, has suffered materially incondition, the latter dropping to 74per cent. A rain would help the oatscrop some, but this can not possiblybe a heavy crop this year.TrtVia nr.n hpds have suffered in ameasure from the drouth. Lack ofmoisture has prevented the transplanting of plants at the proper time,and there are complaints of the plantsgetting too large for transplanting.This damage, however, can not beconsidered as very serious. Condition of Burley tobacco is given at 86per cent, and that of dark tobacco 81per cent. Cut worms are doing considerable damage to both corn andtobacco.Alfalfa and orchard grass are bothgiven at 86 per cent., and have notsuffered as much from the drouth asvoung clover and timothy, which showa condition of 74 per cent. Gardenconditions are 'given at 80 per cent.The prospects for a large furit cropremain good, but the strawberry cropwas cut to about 60 per cent, of acrop as the result 6f the dry conditions at maturity. Indications are fora large blackberry crop, this beinggiven at 96 per cent; grapes at 87;apples 78; peaches 84; pears 72, andplums 78 per cent.All live stock is in good condition,comparatively speaking, with fcimbsbeginning to show the effect of Shortpastures. Condition of horses is giv--enat 95 per cent; cattle 94; hogs 91;and sheep and lambs at 90. Youngturkevs have suffered from the heat,and their condition is given at 82 percent; ducks at 90 and chickens at 95.The hay crop has been cut downsome by lack of moisture.Taken as a whole, the wheat, hayand bluegrass seed crops are assured,while the corn and tobacco crops arenot injured to an irreparable extent.Seasonable weather can yet make thisyear a prosperous one to the farmersin Kentucky.J. W. NEWMAN,Commissioner of Agriculture.WHAT'S THE REASON?Many Paris People in Poor HtfH&Without Knowing the Cause.There are scores of people whodrag out a miserable existence without realizing the cause of their suffering". Day after day they are rackedwith backache and headache; sufferfrom nervousness, dizziness, weakness, languor and depression. Perhaps the kidneys have fallen behindin their work of filtering the bloodand that may be the root of thetrouble. Look to your kidneys, assistthem in their work give them thehelp they need. You can use no morehighly recommended remedy than Doan's Kidney Pills endorsed by people all over the country and by yourneighbors in Paris.Mrs. Hodge, 821 West street, Paris,Ky., says: "I had dizzy and nervousspells and my back and head ached,showing that my kidneys were weak.When I saw Doan's Kidney Pills advertised, I used them and they gaveme relief."Mrs. Hodge is only one of manyParis people who have gratefully endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. If yourback aches if your kidneys botheryou, don't simply ask for a kidneyremedy ask distinctly for Doan'sKidney Pills, the same that Mrs.Hodge had the remedy backed byhome testimony. 50c all stores. Fos-ter-MelborneCo., Props., Buffalo, N.Y. "When Your Back is Lame Remember the Name."LUKE McLUK SAYS.One reason why there are so manylivpocrits in the world is becauseeverv child is told to tell the truthand be polite. If you tell the truthyou are due for a good clubbing, andif you are polite you have to be aslick liar.Why is it that a girl can look sodainty when she is dressed in whiteand a man always looks like he waspeddling something when he tries it?SAVS SULPHUR IS SURE TORELIEVE ITCHING ECZEMA.GetArt Ounce of Bold-SulphurCream and Heal Skin Eruptions Right Up.Any bfea&mg out or irritation onthe face, arms,- legs or body when accompanied by ftehng, or when theskin is dry and feverish can be readilyovercome by applying a little boldsulphur cream, says a noted dermatologist. He informs us that bold-sulphur instantly allays the aoigry itching andirritation and soothes and heals theEczema right up leaving the skinclear and smooth. Bold-sulphur hasoccupied a secure position for manyyears in, the treatment of cutaneousdisorders because of its parasite-destroyingproperty. Nothing has everbeen found to take it's place in treating the irritable and inflamatory skinaffections. While not always establishing a permanent cure it never failsto subdue the' itching irritation anddrive the Eczema away and it is oftenyears later before any eruption,, againappears on the skin.Those troubled should obtain at anypharmacy an ounce of bold-sulphurcream which is applied to the affectedparts in the same manner as an ordinary cold cream. It isn't unpleasantand the prompt relief afforded, particulrly in itching Eczema, provesvery welcome.rights of pedestriansUpheld by just judge.Pedestrians have the right of wayat street crossings, and drivers of vehicles "must recognize this right attheir risk," declared Judge Sulzberger in the Quarter Sessions' Court inPhiladelphia, in refusing a new trialto William K. Hoskins, driver of anautomobile, convicted of involuntarymanslaughter for running down andkilling Mrs. Eliza B. Rothwell, therelast Movember. Hoskins was sentenced to six" months in jail and topay a fine of $250.The reason some men are alwayshustling for jobs is because theynever hustle to keep one.The reason you think a girl is suffering from a broken heart is becauseher tight shoes are raising cain withher corns..SmM V J i.--TMRSIflflUgADVICE'- Jilll92Kiiaf i9lL :md& (mr" IIM -"" tWINN'STO WOMENTake Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and beRestored to Health.Kansas City, Mo. ''The doctors toldme I would never be a mother. Every'""'month the painswere so bad that Icould not bear myweight on one foot.I began taking Ly-dia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound and had notfinished the first bottle when I feltgreatly relieved andI took it until itmade me sound andwell, and I now have two fine babygirls. I cannot praise Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound too highlyfor what it has done for me. I alwaysspeak a word in favor of your medicin9to other women who suffer when I havean opportunity." Mrs. H. T.Winn,1225 Freemont Ave., Kansas City, Mo.ReadWhat AnothcrWoman says:Cumming, Ga. "I tell some suffering woman every day of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and what ithas done for me. I could not eat orsleep, had a bad stomach and was in-misery all the time. I could not do myhousework or walk any distance withoutsuffering great pain. I tried doctors'medicines and different patent medicines but failed to get relief. My husband brought home yourVegetable Compound and in two weeks I could eat anything, could sleep like a healthy baby,and walk a long distance without feelingtired. I can highly recommend yourVegetable Compound to women whosuffer as I did, and you are at liberty touse this letter. "-Mrs. Charlie Bag-(Cincinnati Enquirer.)There is nothing new under the sun.Thepotato sack skirt as worn to-dayThe potato sack skirt as worn to-dayworn upside down.A corset company advertises a newmodel that will produce the "naturalline effect." Venus and SeptemberMorn are there with the natural lineeffect, but they must have forgottenthe corset.A woman's idea of Economy is tospend 45 cents making 3 cents worthof stale'bread up into an alleged "pudding" that nobody will eat,When a man gets hoiiiS at 2 a. m.and has to ring the door bell until 3a. m. before he wakes his wife up toiet him in, she will begin indignatingand claiming that she never slept awink all night waiting for him.There are a few modest men in theworld. But there never was a manwho didn't claim to be a good judgeof human nature.The old-fashioned woman who usedto get the grocer to tie the groceriesup with a piece of stout cord so shecould use it for a corset lacer, nowhas a daughter who must have, theSilk Tubular kind, eight yards longand two-bits a throw.It is pretty tough to have to pay anold bar bill. But it beats paying installments on the diamond engagement ring who copped out another sucker and kept the ring.All parrots and some people talka good deal without offering a satisfactory excuse.A married woman is a person whohires a detective to trail her husbandand then wonders why Friend Husband doesn't love her as much as heused to.If there are any girls in the familyFather is either expected to keepaway from the front porch after supper or doll up like a Dude so he won'tshock the young men callers. AndFather will indignate about it beingHIS front porch and that he will do ashe durn pleases. But it always windsup in father sulking in the house andspitting on the floor to show his Independence. Styles never change. Forty yearsago they wore lace trimmed pantalettes that were visible several inchesunder the skirt. And now the blamedthings are back again disguised asthe latest mode.A smart corset salesman writes mefrom Louisville that he tells peoplehe sells jewel cases.You don't hear much about the oldfashioned Peeping Toms these days.What's the use of taking a chance ofbeing shot when you can let a girlwalk between you and the sun?A whole lot of mutts who are roaring for war with Mexico let theirwives whip them once a week andsay nothing about it.If the styles get any worse a wholelot of the fashion publications will bebarred from the mails.A fellow never realizes what a bigplace the world is and how few people in it he knows until he gets arrested and starts to figure out someone to go on his bail.Special This Week!ELECT! IRONS$2.08Plumbing and ElecContractors.Stoves," Rangesand Appliances.Spicer &Gilchrist, jOnr Special Slimmer TrialCombination Bargain.(Good For the Months 'of July andAugust.)THIS TRIAL OFFER INCLUDESTheBourbonNews-ANJElks' BuildingE.T. Phone, 103Home Phone, 1 01Cincinnati WeeklyEnquirerBoth to January 1, 1915, For Only93 c.By special arrangement with TheCincinnati Weekly Enquirer we offerthe above liberal inducement to ourmany friends to subscribe. Thereare hundreds of citizens right in ourmid.st who should be subscribers.Keep posted on all the goings inthis vicinity by subscribing for TheBourbon News. In addition you getone of the leading national"Weekly"newspapers, each to January 1, 1915.Our readers will do us a personalfavor by calling the attention of theirfriends to this trial offer. Invitethem to take advantage of this combination before it is withdrawn. Remember this offer is positively notgood after August 31, 1914.A FURTHER INDUCEMENT Toany one taking advantage of theabove offer within the next THIRTYDAYS we will include a year's subscription to The Household Journal &Floral Life, which is a very interesting monthly magazine devoted to thefarm, flowers and home. Subscription price 25 cents per year.SUBSCRIBE TO-DAY BEFOREYOU FORGET.Call or mail all orders toTIT-IT XjrkTTTJXOTvT NT"ITT7GParis, Kentucky.4Low Round Trip Faresifrom. Paris toiSie I ork ana 13ostonvia LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE R. R.30 day limit Tourist Fares toNew York $28.00 Boston $3 1 .2060 day limit Variable Route Fares toNew York $3 1 .95 Boston $33.40REDUCED ROUND TRIP FARES TO MANY OTHERS CITIES AND RESORTSSuperior 5erce to trie ast ana jSjortaFor particulars, rates, folders, descriptive literature and sleeper reservations, address'W.H. HARRIS, Ticket Agenti ""' ':-ZT s- 1- : -As long as a woman doesn't lieabout anything else but her age, herhair and her weight, she has as gooda chance as anybody of getting toHeaven.Art is supposed to be Deep Stuff.But I wouldn't give a pretty girl withbright eyes and a good complexionand a few curves for the whole Morgan collection.One Lone GermBreeds MillionsA sore or cut lets thaSerms under the skin.! you don't stop Itsbreeding there will bemillions In a few days.Stop the Breeding With DR. BELL'SAntiseptic SalveIt stops the breeding at once. It keeps away allother germs It soothes and heals as sure asyou use It. A 25c. box will prevent hundredsof dollars ox trouble.MTell It By The Bell"r-or Sale by All Druggists.When you feel SSfSvous, tired, worried or despondent it 13 isure sign you need MOTTS NERVERIrt IPILLS. They renew the normal vigor armake life worth living. Be sure and ask IMott's Nerverine Pills gfe&!WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Clevckad. OUfL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.-liijmdinOne application soothes and heals a rousrbpimplvkin.and.whenrepeated,quicklyenecui cure. Eczema. Erysipelas. Tetter, Ulcers andall skin diseases yield to its curative, properties.50c a box. At ail uruggtsts.Send for freo sample and hook. "Health and .Beauty."JOHNSTON. HOU-OWAY C.,1730 Spring Garden St., PMhu, Pa.MtmSliKlMlI lftn?R?r!nfSBfefirfWCURES STUBBQRN,ITCHY SKIN TROUBLES."I could scratch myself to pieces"is often heard from sufferers of Eczema, Tetter, Itch and similar SkinEruptions. Don't Scratch Stop theItching at once with Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment. Its first applicationstarts healing; the Red, Rough, Scaly,Itching Skin is soothed by the Healing and Cooling Medicines. Mrs. C.A. Einfeldt, Rock Island, 111., after using Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment,writes: "This is the first time in nineyears I have been free from thedreadful ailment." Guaranteed. 50cat your druggist.(June)A man will marry a girl for her sunny disposition and then get mad because she makes it hot for him.There never was a man who couldpay a debt without acting as thoughhe was conferring a great favor.It is hard to get the first kiss, butthe rest come without asking.Before marriage he thinks she isfVio dpnrpst. trirl in the world. Aftermarriage, when the bills come in, he!knows she is.SUMMER GOODS MUST GO!Let Us Start You With The Hot Weather.This Sale Began Saturday June 13Will continue the rest of the hot month, with Porch Chairs, Swings,the No-Whip Shades, Refrigerators and Lawn Furniture. Let us showyou what a .saving we have in store for you.ALWAYS LEAD TO BETTERHEALTH.Serious sicknesses start in disorders of the stomach, liver and kidneys. The best corrective and preventive is Dr. King's New Life Pills.They purify the Blood Prevent Constipation, keep Liver, Kidneys andBowels in healthy condition. Giveyou better health by riddjng the system of fermenting and gassy foods.Effective and mild. 25c, at yourdruggist.Bucklin's Arnica salve tor an nuns.(June)iGasStovesAre Included InThis Summer Sale.So don't let the hotweather burn you up when you can have a Gas Rangeto protect you. See our prices.fWEIWMPIOISTHE NEWICEBERG.The reduced prices willinterest you. The largeRefrigerator was $35.00NOW $27.50and on down to $6.75.I 111 3P;HtTv ' 'oS' mRemember these goods must go, and we can save you many dollars by fouy-ing during our Summer Sale. Just a look will help you.A F. Wheeler Furniture Co.t CHAS. GREEN, Manager.OPP. COURT HOUSEley, K. 3, Cumming, Ga." -m "'A.JrAI -Wiv-r-'a 'liumiXiwiiwwnprM faMWimi it- Kl. . -k- WXw f -v&&! JhKfxr "-'A-'NTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 26, 1914,MI.tIJ"IS"MMBk.1 betli and Alice Ingels, theEminence.latter ofNEWS OF MILLERSBURGMrs. Charles Inskd is among thepick.Mr. J. J. Peed continues about thesame.Mrs. Mary J. Caldwell is amongthe sick.Mr. T. R. Robinson has purchasedthe automobile of the late Mr. B. A.Neal.Mrs. MK E. Martin, who was overcome with heat a few days ago, isbetter.Miss liou Redmon, of Falmouth,arrived Thursday as the guest of Mrs.O. B. HurstMrs. J. 0. Booth entertained anumber of her lady friends with adining, Wednesday.Miss Mary Bruce Redd returnedMonday, after a two-weeks' visit toMiss Rutter, of Cincinnati.Mrs. L. T. Vimont, of Cincinnati,arrived Sunday as the guest of hermother, Mrs. Russell Mitchell.Mrs. J. C. Head and little daughter, Elizabeth, returned Tuesday, after a three-weeks' visit to relatives atBradford.Mrs. A. S. Best and little daughter, Sarah Miller, left Monday for avisit to her parents, Dr. and Mrs.Alex Hunter, at Washington ,Ky.Mr. and Mrs. Ashby Leer anddaughter, Josephine, and little MissMary Bush Allen, will leave Saturdayfor a visit to Mr. U. S.G. Pepper andfamily, at Huntington, W. Va.A picture show opened here onThursday night. The audience waslarge and the display was good, themusic was rendered by Miss AlmaJones, which was enjoyd by all present Dr. C. C. Fisher has sold hisdouble lot in Butler Addition to Mr. J.D. Booth. Mr. Booth will give thesame to his daughter, Mrs. M. C.Grimes, after erecting a handsomeresidence on it.Dr. W. G. Dailey and Col. W. M.Layson returned Thursday after a twoweeks' sojourn at Martinsville, Ind.The Colonel is much improved, butthere is little change for the better inthe condition of Dr. Dailey.The little folks of the Presbyterian Church gave a surprise partyMonday afternoon at the home of Mrs.A. S. Venable, to little Miss RebeccaCollier, the youngest daughter of Mr.and Mrs. M. P. Collier. Ices andcakes were served.The Sunday School of the Christian Church enjoyed a delightful picnic on the lawn of Mr. John Marr,rm,oJoTT All -1- Kftlo -PrtTb- Tirafa fo.ken in "wagons and wagonettes.) Addition to Paris, for a private figure.Swis woro nnf im nnd all manner Ot. J. S. Johnson purchased Of C....0 ..v, jt,w r .w. .FOR SALE A good six-roombrick residence on the southwest corner of Fifth and Miller streets. Withnever-failing water in the yard. Thisis a good location, convenient todepot, churches and schools. Thesame can be bought very reasonable.This is a splendid opportunity, as wewill give you a bargain. For furtherparticulars, call on or address,M. P. COLLIER, Agent,Bourbon Lumber Co., Paris, Ky.(26june-8t) ,The many friends of Miss JennieMarie Pepper will doubtless learnwith surprize that she will leaveabout August 1 for New York, whereshe will prepare to go on the stage.Miss Pepper, until within the, lastyear was for several years one of ourhome girls. She now resides atHuntington, W. Va. She is a graduate of the M. F. C. and also of the department of expression. Later shespent a year in the Chester School ofExpression, at Cincinnati, and becamequite an accomplished reader. During the past years since residing atHuntington she has given a number ofreadings.Mr. and Mrs. M. Peale Collier moved Wednesday to. their newhome at Paris. It is with many regrets that we give these most estimable people up. They have always resided in this community, and whenthey grew up from childhood each ofthem marrying practically neighbors.Some months ago Mr. Collier purchased an interest in the BourbonLumber Co., about the same time disposing of his interest here in the Millersburg Coal & Lumber Co., to hispartners, Messrs. W. A. Butler and A.S. Miller. Since then he has operated the business at Paris, going to andfro every day. He was one of ourbest business men, an active memberof the Presbyterian Church and hasserved twice as Master of AmityLodge No. 40 F. and A. M. Mrs. Collier is a member of the Baptist Churchand also of several social societies.They both have always been interested in everything that was for thegood of Millersburg, and their friendshere are staunch and true. There isis but one pleasure in their departureand that is they have not gone farfrom us, and we hope to have themwith us often. Our loss is the gain ofParis, and we take he greatest ofpleasure in reccmmending them tothe people of Paris.PROHIBITION ELECTIONS TOBE HELD IN KENTUCKY.Shelby, Anderson and Mason counties will Jiold prohibition elections onSeptember 28, at the same time thatsuch elections are held in Fayette,Scott, Bourbon, Clark and Montgomery, and it is reported that a similarelection may also be held in Franklincounty. After it had been announcedby the district convention of the W.C. T. U. that Fayette, Scott, Bourbon,Clark and Montgomery would holdprohibition elections September 28,the "drys" of Shelby and Andersonasked the State W. C. T. U., whichhas headquarters in Lexington, to joinin the campaign and to give such aidproved and meanwhile the Masoncounty prohibitionitsts decided ontheir own initiative to have an election' on the same date and so notifiedthe State W. C. T. U. officials.PORCH SHADESPARIS REAL ESTATE DEALS.Mrs. Willie Mae Hamm, of thiscity, purchased this week fromDr. D. S. Henry, a vacant buildinglot on Harmon Street, in the Henryof sports were indulged in. A deUghtful picnic dinner was served.Mrs. J. P. Auxier etertainednumber of the little - folks Tuesdayevening from 5 to 7, the occasion being the third birthday of her youngest son, Leland. The little folks indulged in all kinds of sport in theyard, and ices and cakes were served in the dining room. Mrs. Auxierwas assisted in entertaining by hermother, Mrs. J. B. Cray, and sister,Mrs. J. Clarke Leer, and Misses Eliza-Arnsparger a vacant ouiiamg lot onPine Crest Avenue, in the BourbonCollege Addition to Paris at a privatea i figure. A modern frame residencewill be built by Prof. Johnson on thelotSELLING CHEAP.If you think we are not going tosell things cheap until July 1, justcome in and price what you want.BUTLER'S,Opp. Court House.We sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.A. F. WHEELER & CO.(5-tf)ENCOURAGING NEWSRECEIVED.(Continued from Page 1.)of Mr. Thomas. The elder Mr. Thomas is one of the oldest and most successful agriculturalists in BourbonCounty, and is widely known throughout Gentral Kentucky. He expressedhimself as being highly pleased withthe prospects of the success of Senator Thomas in the Congressionalrace and said that every day thecampaign proceeded brought encour-as it an. The application was ap- aging news from all over the SeventhDistrict" Winchester Sun.,GEORGETOWN EDITOR HASCLOSE CALL FROM DROWNING.Stephen James, assistant editor ofthe Georgetown News, was rescuedfrom a watery grave Tuesday at Duskis. He went down for the third timewhile swimming in Elkhorn Creekwith several friends, including President Adams, of Georgetown College.He unaccountably lost his balanceG. B. Bishop made his way to him intime to grasp him as he was sinkingthe last time. He had become blackin the face, but after being hastily administered to, he was resusccitatedBECKHAM AT MT. STERLING.MT, STERLING, KY., June 25.Ex-Governor J. C. W. Beckham willaddress the voters of MontgomeryCounty at the courthouse in this cityon Saturday afternoon at 1:30 o'clockin the interest of his candidacy forUnited States Senator. Extensivepreparations are being made by hisfriends to give Governor Beckham alarge crowd and plans are on foot fordelegations from otler counties to attend the speaking. From the inquiriesfor bills and other information it isbelieved that Governor Beckham willbe heard by one of the largest crowdsthat has ever attended a public speaking in this city.SPOILED THEIR FUNBUT NOT THEIRGOODS."Deputy Sheriff Caldwell and Chiefof Police Hughes intercepted a couple of youthful negroes near the Woodscrossing Saturday night as they werecoming from Paris for court day.The officers captured the youths, together with ten quarts of whisky and36 bottles of beer, all of which, except the .youths, repose reproachfullyin the big safe at the Sheriff's office.The youths went to jail." CynthianaDemocrat.OLDEST IN THE BUSINESS,re-ma-Lawn mowers sharpened andpaired. Oldest antomobile andchine repair shop in the city.SM'L KERSLAKE & SON,East cor. Third and Pleasant Sts.(15m-2mo)MAJ. OTIS TENNY SUFFERSSTROKE OF PARALYSIS.Major Otis S. Tenney, of Lexington,aged 93, perhaps the oldest living exConfederate in Kentucky, suffered astroke of paralysis in his left sideearly Wednesday morning and waslater taken to the Good SamaritanHospital, where his condition was reported somewhat improved. yesterday.On account of hU advanced agemuch anxiety is felt for the veteranattorney, who is one of the mostwidely-known men in Central Kentucky.LAST ARGUMENT GONE."The last argument if it may becalled an argument of the opponentsof Gov. Beckham, that he would notbe as strong as some other candidatein the final election, 'disappearedwhen both the Republicans and Progressives signified their intention ofmaking nominations. This insuresMr. Beckham's election in Novemberby fully one hundred thousand majority. But even if this were not true,Republicans and Independent votersby the hundreds are daily announcingtheir desire to vote for him, whichmakes him the most available man tolead us to victory, in any event."Mt. Sterling Advocate.Thomas & WoodfordFire, Wind,Lightning Insurance! IamNEW ACT DEFINES THEMEANING OF "CHAUFFEUR."Any employe or servant, part ofwhose duty it is under his employment to operate a motor vehicle, is achauffeur within the meaning of theact of 1914 and must stand a Stateexamination for a chauffeur's license,said Attorney General Garnett in anopinion as to what constitutes achauffeur.CALL FOR REPORT OFTHE BANKS OF KENTUCKYState Banking Commissioner, Thos.J. Smith, of Frankfort, has issued acall on the banks of Kentucky for areport of the condition of business attheir close on June 20.BURR GROUND MEALYour grocer sellsMeal. Give it a trial.byMILLERSBURG(22-1 mo)Burr GroundManufacturedMI fk A Breat Opportunity 'CEv iMM f X-5S2v XJ, MM IV MM, lILl K' y f-TvA7 MBuL 6VH VMi AvmmmjFor Buying High GradeSUMMER FOOTWEARShoes, Oxfords and Pumps For All Occasions!We cannot fully impress upon you the splendor, the diversity of stylesand magnitude of the great values we are offering. It is absolutely necessary for you to be here and be convinced of the great bargains.nQnlf J? Pump?' ifenari Patent CoIt Men's Tan Oxfords of the best qualities andor Soft Dull Kid, genuine $4.00 values makes, genuine $4.00 values $3.49 and $2.99at 2.99 and $2.4-9 ,, , mt o,r mu-4. n ivr t r -. Men s Tan and Gun Metal Oxfords, the Englishn?ftwLW hlte.Can7oannMa7 Janumlan(i - last' of the famous Walk-Over and BeaconOxfords, genuine S3. 00 values at $1.99 and 1.49 makes 4.00Ladies' Suede and Velvet Mary Jane Pumps - Men's -Tan and Black Vici Oxfords, broad toe5?drn0xf?rds' lhe best makes' genW $A2P and and 60ft flexible soles, 4.00 values,. $3.50 values at $2.99 and 2.49 at $3.49 and 2.49rfl038 Td S? f P qq nft iKid' Men's Tand and Gun Metal Oxfords in all -light, flexible soles, $4.00 and 350 values, styles, bench made, $4.00 values,at ....$2.99 and 2.49 at . 2.99S -. r, Men's Oxfords in Patent Leather and GunDullKid, $3and2.50 values.... $1 .99 and 1.49 Metal, $3.00 velues at 1.99Muses' and Children's White Canvas Shoes and Baby Doll Pumps, alsoPatent Colt Mary Sane, at Special Bargain Prices.Boys' Shoes and Oxfords, White and Black Tennis Oxfords, Barefoot Saridfl) Is at the lowest prices. 'Space is too limited to give all the numerous bargains. Come and convinceyourself.MILLS. $25 tnvIIH .-eAProtect Your GrowingTobacco AgainstHAIL$?Only First-Class CompaniesRepresentediImaa9tt99.ftMM44a;WINCHESTER CHURCH HOLDSOPEN AIR SERVICES.OPPOSE LIQUOR TAX BILL.A decided innovation was put intoeffect last Sunday at Winchesterwhen .the bvQnfnff services of theChristian Endeavor Society of theChristian Church were held in theopen air on 'the lawn in front of thechurch. The subject for the eveningwas "Chief Seats and How to ReachThem." The choir and orchestra occupied seats on the front landing. Alarge audience was present and everyone seemed delighted with the inovation of this outdoor service. On thevelvety grass, with the refreshingnight air and beneath the starry canopy of Heaven, the hearts were mademore receptive for the sermon, onprayer so splendidly delivered by thepastor. The selectons by the choirand orchestra sounded sweeter in theopen air, and altogether it was a beautiful service attended by a largecrowd.Representatives of distilling interests in Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana andother States are preparing to protestagainst the bill introduced last Saturday by Representative Rainey, of Illinois, which provides for an increase inthe tax on distilled spirits.NOTICE TO STOCKMEN.List your stock in M. J. Murphy'smonthly combination sales. Plenty ofbuyers always on hand. We can sellyour horses, mules, ponies, cows, cattle, hogs, sheep and poultry at goodprices. Next sale will be held on Monday, July 6, county court day.(21ap-tf),II"I,IIII"I,II'II'IIIIiXI,I"II"ItLIGHTFOOT'SBABY FACE LOINo4 cTHAGlfcALBEAUTIFIERGuaranteed to remove Tan,Sunburn, Blotches, Pimples,Liver Spots, Sallow, SwarthyComplexion.DEMONSTRATIONSSOLICITEDApply to Face, Wipe Off BeforeDry With Soft ClothDon't Envy a Good Complexion,Use Baby Face Lotion.Guaranteed Serial No. 34070' PRICE 50 CENTS.Manufactured and Sold byMRS. M. A. PATON,Paris, Kentucky.M',j,2a?BE CERTim IThat the House You Rent Sis Equipped withGAS!2 FOR COOKING.mWe do all kinds of pip-ing and handle .the celebratedGARLANDGAS RANGES.Phone us forparticulars.9further 35PARIS GAS !ELECTRIC CO. IsIncorporated.IDon't WorryYourself During theHot Weather!But Come in and We WilS SuggestaQuick and Easy Meal for You.Sliced Ham,Minced Ham,4 -IDLITCOHEN'SStoreI1Dried Beef, NBologna, f 'Imported Swiss Cheese, ,f , Brick Cheese,Pimento Cheese,Snappy Cheese,N. Y. Cream CheeseCanned Meats of AH Kinds.Stone's famous Silver Slice Cakes.IT. C. LEINIHAN, ICash Grocery. IBoth Phones 234I Where Beauty and Economy Reignst vIm.fcVHHNHiBflHa M) '