K4f-K?"4tJM ' 'f 4 A,T . i C& ttc, - 'p. aM,? v, V S-JV JV r J "PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY"' 'IKT THE YEAR.:. h. -. t-VOLUME xxxirPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDY, JULY 7, 1914.T"?". - 4 'fTHEDAI I DOfi-seitorC, B. EGTON5.Clark County Senator DeniesStatements That He IsAgainst Thomas.CONGRESSIONAL RACEGETTING HEATED.Beckham and Thomas ArePicked By Nationnl Politicians as Winners.ECTON FOR THOMAS.WINCHESTER, Ky., July 6. Former State Senator C. B. Ecton today,in an interview with, a representativeof the Winchester Sun, expressed invigorous terms his preference forthe Hon. Claud M. Thomas as againstHon. J. C. Cantrill for the Democratic nomiiation for Congress in this district, and repudiated as an utter fabrication statements which were attributed to him in the WinchesterDemocrat. The editor of the Winchester Democrat, S. K. Vaught, is astrong Cantrill man. The Sun is telling of the occurence, today says:"The supporters of CongressmanCantrill are evidently getting in pretty hard straits for campaign material,and are now finding it necessary toresort to various subterfuges in orderto keep up an appearance of being inthe race for the nomination.FOR BECKHAM AND THOMAS.Thomas B. Talbott, superintendentof Sunday Schools for Eastern Kentucky was in Winchester Fridaymorning, having just returned fromChicago, where he attended the bigSunday School International Convention. Mr. Talbott said he would votefor Beckham and Thomas and doeverything possible to assist in theirelection, as he believed that theywere the best men in their respectiveraces, and that it was the duty ofjevery good citizen tcJlhelp tliegoodwork along."LEE COUNTY FOR THOMAS.BEATTYVILLE, Ky., July 6. Hon.Claud M. Thomas, Democratic candidate for the nomination for Congressm this district, spent Saturday nightand Sunday in Beattyville, after addressing a crowd of about 2,500 peopleon July 4, at the dedication of a high,school at Heidelberg. Senator Thomasin his address did not refer to hiscandidacy, as it was not a politicalmeeting, but after his address hundreds of the voters shook hands withhim and assured him he would get asood vote in Lee county.COMING IN FAYETTE.Out in the country where the farmers control, Senator Thomas is unusually strong and indications point to abig "majority for him in Fayette county outside the city of Lexington. J. H.Hukle, of Hamburg precinct, and S.D. Miller, of Winchester precinct,were in Lexington Saturday and saidthat "nearly everybody out our wayis for Thomas, and he will carry bothprecincts by a rousing majority."A prominent Fayette county official,who three weeks ago was supportingCongressman Cantrill, said a few daysago:"I'm going to vote for Thomas, be-.. t af owav frntn til ftvauvr l zi.u. uui &wo u"j .fact that he stands for all that is de-"fnt in politics and would be a creditto the district."A prominent member of the Fayettebar, who also was for Cantrill early int e race, said he would vote forTLomas.STRONG FOR THOMAS,.vlr. Kirby Smith, a prominent farmer of Owen county, was in George, .n Monday, and in discussing ther ngressional race, said that SenatorClaude M. Thomas was rapidly gaini" strength in his section, the upperpart of Owen, in the Fairbanks neighborhood. As a verification of hisstatement Mr. Smith mentioned thenames of a score of voters in nisneighborhood who were for Cantrillfour years ago, but who have now declared for Mr. Thomas.CLARK TO HEAR THOMAS.Hon. Claude Thomas has announcedthat he will speak in Winchester ontl e 18th, Saturday, in the interest ofUs candidacy for Congress. Mr.Thomas is a forceful speaker, and willno doubt have a large crowd out tohoar him. He has been in Clarkcounty for several days looking afterhis interests.INTEREST IN BREATHITTPossibly nowhere in the State isthere greater interest being manifested in the coming August primaryfan in Breathitt county, noted for-ts political manifestations. The Senatorial race is causing much. S?S1P'the county being pretty well dividedbetween the three candidates, theBeckham followers claiming thecounty by a big majority.SOMEWHAT' HEATED.Harry Sommers in the Elizabeth-THQMAHARRISON COUNTY MANKILLED BY L. & N. TRAIN.Albert Oder, aged fifty, unmarried,was struck and instantly killed by anL. & N. north-bound commuter trainat Talbott Station, just north of thiscity yes er day afernoon while atempting to board the train. Oder, who hadbeen waiting at the station for thetrain stepped out of the shelter houseupon approach ofthe train, and without giving a signal of any kind to theengineer to stop, for him, rushed tothe center of the south-bound track,and as the train came on attempted toboard it. Seeing the man's danger,the engineer applied the air brakes,but the train struck Oder and threwmm several feet away. His skull wascrushed, his legs broken and his bodybadly mangltd and bruised.The engineer in charge of the train,the Cynthiana commuter, did all in hispower to avert the accident. Thebody of the unfortunate man waspicked up by the train crew and taken to Shawhan. Coroner RudolphDavis was immediately notified, andsome time afterward viewed the remains. An inquest will be held onWednesday.Cynthiana undertakers were notified, and accompanied by B. 0. Oder,or uyntniana, a brotner of the deadman came to Shawhan and took the remains back to Cynthiana.No blame can be attached to thetrain crew as they did everythingthey could to stop the train.SWITCHMAN FRACTURES HIP.Mr. R. B. Sams, an L. & N. switchman, sustained a broken hip andother severe injuries, while assistingin switching some cars n the Southyards in this city, Thursday evening.Mr. Sams was removed to the Massie'Memorial Hospital, where his injurieswere treated. He is doing very nicely at present.town News, says: "The Congressionalrace in the Seventh District betweenThomas and Cantrill is so red hotthat this torrid weather seems like azephyr from the North Pole comparedto it."BUYS BOURBON FARMMr. A. J. Ritchie, of the Cane Ridgevicinity, sold to Mr. J. F. Wetherall,of Paris, his Cane Ridge farm, adjoining the lands of Samuel Clay andJohn H. Roseberry, at a privateprice. The farm contains 108 acres,and contains a frame dwelling, tobacco barns, etc. Immediate possession will be given and the new owneralso gets 75 acres of growing cornand 12 acres of tobacco on the Tlace.- -ADAIRFORBECKHAM -COLUMBIA, KY., July 6. Efforts of Stanley supporters in thiscounty to boost his stock here willnot succeed. There are a few scattering Stanley men here in Columbiaand out inthe county. Beckham willcarry, not only Adair county, but thesurounding counties it is said, willgive him handsome majorities.RUSSELL FOR BECKHAM.JAMESTOWN, Ky., July 6. TheDemocrats in Russell county are forex-Governor Beckham for the Democratic nomination for United StatesSenator. Fully three-fourths -of thevoters will support him. Russell county has always been a loyal Beckhamcounty, and there seems to be moreenthusiasm among his followers thanever before.WARREN FOR BECKHAM.Former Gov. Beckham spoke atBowling Green to a good-sized crowd.There was a fair sprinkling of peoplefrom out in the county. The formerGovernor was given a warm greetingupon his arrival at the depot. At thecourt house he was introauced by Hon.P. W. Bradlburn.At night he spoke toa big crowd at Smith's Grove. Mr.Beckham will carry Warren by a bigmajority. Many Democrats who wereformerly for Stanley changed theirminds as a result of the speech, andwill vote for Mr. Beckham.THOMAS AT LEXINGTON.Senator Claude M. Thomas, of Paris, candidate against J. Campbell Cantrill for the Democratic nominationfor Congress in the Seventh District,will inmurnrate-his speaking cam-rxoirrn in T.P-Kinsrton on Monday, July 13,(county court day) with a speech atjthe court house.The Circuit Court room at thecourt house has been engaged, and itis expected that a large crowd willhear him on this occasion. JudgeSamuel M. Wilson will preside andintroduce the speaker. The ThomasClub, of which Judge Wilson is.ociiiPnt. and Shelby Miller is secretary, has a strong organization andTiP.w members are being aaaea to iuranks daily, according to the statement of its officers.CHEERFUL TIDINGS.A travling salesman, whose home isin Paris, and who travels in everycounty in the Seventh CangressionalDistrict, brought cheering news to thefriends of Senator Thomas. Said he:"I've just returned from a trip inthe western end of the district, and,judging from observation and fromwhat I could gain from those m a po-sition to know, oeuatui xUUca-rry Owen county by a good major.i. ;n -.TToiir awav with Woodfordcountv and will run so surprisinglywell in Franklin county as to get aneven break if he does not really carry,i - 4-. rpiio camp, is true of Scott'county, where a strong sentiment hasset in against uongre&&mcm oum,and where many of the best postedDemocrats inthe county say, Cantrillwill lose his own county."COMMISSIONER iffWOODFORD MAKES I I -' '-.-DA llli PTA Trill" II T ifl wmm oiHiuvoi.i lReport Shows the AlexanderBank Short $8,000 inCash.HEAVY EXPENSEACCOUNT.Liability of DirectorsStillBeing Debated by ParisPeople.The publication of Special Banking Commissioner Buckner Woodford's report of the condition of theGeorge Alexander State Bank, hascaused renewed interest in the affairsof that defunct institution.The statement shows loans anddiscounts of $355,194.31, overdrafts of$$11,813, due from banks $34,796.55and cash on hand $20, indicating thatlittle, if any, of the assets of. the bank"have been actually converted. Thedeposits amount to $280,179, according to the report which is substantially the same as in the' last report.The existence of commercial papersigned by Mr. Alexander for the bank,and which it is claimed, does not appear on the books of the bank, is recognized as one of the greatest diffi-'culties in the way of prompt liquidation. An interesting subject of debate;is whether these outstanding obligations which thelbank (or its stockholders and directors) must pay, orwhether ther they will be held to beprivate and therefore presumablyworthless notes of Mr. Alexander.The report of the special commissioner does not show that these noteshave been added to the list of thebank's liabiliies.Items showing a cash shortage of$8,061.53, and an expense account of$3,0ol.55, are among the chief features of interest in the statement,which, in other respects, is not greatly different from the last one madeby the bank before its doors wereclosed by order of the State BankingCommission.SOMETHING NEW FOR BABIES."Better Babies!"What an optimistic, captivatingsound those two words have.And the best part of it is that theystand for all that their sound suggests, one of the big, interesting vitalideas of the hour, the Better Babiesmovement.It started with the idea of makingthe old-fashioned baby show a bitmore satisfactory by having babiesexamined for physical perfection instead of dimples, golden wrinklesand peaches-and-cream skins. Thena magazine whose editors love babiessaw the possibilities of turning thisnew kind of baby show into a finebroad campaig for makig babiesbetter. And out of it grew the Better Babies Contest.A Better Babies Contest is a scientific examination of children fiveyears of age or under, for physicaland mental development, and theawarding of prizes to those who deserve them, on the grounds of good,all-around development. Good looks,infantile beauty count only for whatthey are really worth in baby's healthand growth, while many more important things count a great dealmoi'e.A fine, healfhy, well-developed babymajT score one thousand points according to the Better Babies StandardScore Card by which all babies aretested. These points are divided asfollows: Two hundred for mental anddevelopmental tests, which proveswhether baby takes proper notice ofwhat goes on around him, walks, sitsup and speaks properly and shows amental growth to correspond to nisage. One hundred points for weightwhether baby is well-proportioned forhis age. Five hundred for physicaldevelopment, sturdy bones, firm flesh,smooth skin, good digestion, circulation and respiration. One hundredand fifteen for mouth and te3th.Eighty-five for eye, ear, nose andthroat tests.All of these tests are made by adoctor, and it takes a pretty finebaby to score over 90:per cent inthis kind of a baby contest.This city is to have a BetterBabies Contest beginning July 14th,and every mother whose child is within the age limits of 6 to 36 months isalready interested in the great event,the Contest is being planned' byChild Hygeine Committee of theHealth and, Welfare League of Bourbon county.The Better Babies Bureau of theized to promote Better Babies Contests will award the following: tohighest scoring boy between theages of 6 and 36 months, a bronzemedal, to highest scoring girl, between ages of 6 and 36 months, abronze medal.Also to each prize winner, will bepresented a Better Babies Diploma,beautifully printed in colors, and tooach baby examined inthe contest,.3.JK j11 . i?4HrvWAWhileMitchell & Blakemore,:The Store for Men's Styleswhether it receives a prize or not, aBetter Babies Certificate of examination, which welcomes the small ownerinto the ranks of the Better Babiesof 1914.For futher particulars, applicationblanks, etc., apply to Mrs. W. H.Whitley, Superintendent of the Contest (E. Tenn. 386) or Mrs. WalterKenney of the Entries and Enrollment Committee. (E. Tenn. 670).3ASE BALLBase ball m Pans is dead againand may be years before it can berevived.At a meeting of the directors ofthe Ohio State League, held in Ironton, O., Sunday, the Paris and Irontonteams both withdrew from the league.On account of the poor business theParis team, which had been transferred here from Newport for thesame season, had been carried by theleagues. Of the Paris players, catcher, Francisco has ben signed byPortsmouth; Short Stop Daubert, byCharleston; Pitcher, Hanna, by Lexington; Pitcher, Utrecht by (Maysville; Infielder, Cefalu by Huntington. FRIDAY'S GAME.Chillecothe scored three runs in theninth inning and beat Paris out by5to 4. The games scheduled herefor July 5 and 6 hove been transferredto Portsmouth.Pans and Lexington played a tiegame on the local lot Saturday morning, the game being called in order tolet the Colts get back to Lexingtonm time for he afternoon game. Thescore stood 4 to 4.The second game of the double-header was played on the Lexington jgrounds in the afternoon. The Coltswere defeated, Paris changing itsline-up, and doing somip real ballplaying. The score was 4 to 2 in favor of Paris.The games scheduled for Sundayand Monday were transferred toPorsmouth.HANDSOME CHALLENGE CUPON EXHIBITION AT WINTERS.The handsome solid silver challenge Cup won by Thomas HenryClay, Jr., on the range of the FayetteGun Club on May 24th of last year,is on exhibition in the show windowof A. J. Winters & Co. The cup whichis 26 inches in height, is a beautifulspecimen of the silversmith's art andhas been greatly admired. An inscription on the front of the cup reads:"Won by Thomas H. Clay, Jr., onFayette Range, May 24th, 1912. Score95-lOOf. On the back the inscription "Kentucky Challenge Cup. Donated by the Kentucky Trap Shooters'League 1912"Mr. Winters will shortly place on exhibition all the trophies won by Mr.Clay in his career as a trap-shot embracing many cups and other hand-, some trophies. . .'1WE KNOW HOWSTRAW HATSATHALF PRICE!Panamas and Hopkins. Straws at ReducedPrices.BUY NOWWe Have Your Size,APPOINTS ADMINISTRATORSOn Friday County Judge Chas. A.McMillan appointed Mr. S. KenneyNichols, of Paris, as administrator ofthe estate of his brother, the late Mr.Thomas Nichols, who died athisV ... 11.. T-. j.1 1 T i -riiume, uu me jouimenem piKe, on June29. Mr. Nichols qualified with Mrs.John Nichols as surety,bond in the sum of $2,000.executingJudge McMillan also appointed "Mr.T? "P Tlnw DC ndminietr'itnr rf fhck ootate 'of his Mn BUsworth Dow,who died in New Mexico, on June 21.Mr. Dow qualified with Mr. BucknerWoodford, Sr., as surety in the sumof $2,000.THE'PRUDENTMANKEEPS vVBH"""SgjgVgprfeBurglars have a way of finding out the house in whichsmoney is hidden. That's the burglars' business. , -The man who hides his money in his house or elsewhereis always in great danger of losing both his MQNEY and hisLIFE. Hide your money in our bank, behind our thick wallsand strong locks and whereSPONSIBIL1TY keep it SAFE for you. fMake OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapital, $100,000.00.J. M. 'HALL, Prttidtnt.J92-W3Paris, KentuckyTOBACCO AND IGNORANCE.Big crops of tobacco , according toone of our Kentucky exchanges, keepthe children out of school and thereby tend to the production of illiteracyand ignorance. It is to be fearedthat this is true of many of the big to-bacco-growing counties of the StateThere are tenant growers, for inTstance, and not a few of them, jvhoput out crops of such size as to require the united labor of whole families men, women and children. Theraising of tobacco is hard work andthe work lasts practically all the yeararound. It is not a pleasant sight tosee women and little children toilingin tobacco fields, but it can be seen.in many sections of Kentucky.fOUR BANKmen of known financial REmimm m m... rMlUUh ,S' yrjnu tSnrpk, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS Cartitfr- VV1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 7 1914mn FTgJbt On ThIrlstsl'llflt Napoleon so said. A manfcjrIililSLPil.& with a weak stomach isnrettv sure to be a poor fighter. It is difficultalmost impossible for anyone, man or woman,if digestion is poor, to succeed in business orsocially or to enjoy life. In tablet or liquid formDr. Pierce'sGolden Medical Discoveryhelps weak stomachs to strong, healthy actionhelps them to digest the food that makes the good,rich, red blood which nourishes the entire body.This vegetable remedy, to a great extent, putsKhp liver into activitv oils the machinery ofthe human system so that those who spend their working hours at the desk,behind the counter, or in the home are rejuvenated into vigorous health.TTaa brought relief to many thousands every year for over forty years. It canrelieve you and doubtless restore to you your former health and strength. Atleast you owe it to yourself to give it a trial-Sold by Medicine Dealers or send 50c fortrial box of Tablets Dr. Pierce's Invalids' Hotel & Surgical Institute, Buffalo,N.Y.Ytu no kav Dr. Puree's Cwmrm Sns Mtct! Advlstr if 1008 Paps fsr 31c.The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188132 Yearsof Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. 51.00Payable in Advance.Published 'Every Tuesday and FridayHave You aHOME TELEPHONEOur BourbDn CountyBusiness is GrowingMore Rapidly ThanEver Before.Ask Your NeighborJ About TheService, Then Let Us Figure With Yoube Paris Rome telephone and ZiU&n pbo(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. K. E. SPEARS, Commerical Manager.fjt PJPPPPPPPPPPx9JESSSB9PJBSP4HPBpHpjpr 3p jw'sw1p,pp,p',p mPP f0?mPttt&iI Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.West 5 StreettSty Telephone No. 4.- gia5gaaMl IrWe Take Pleasure.in noing'up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelanndry line. That is whaymadaihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fov fine work and itdever goes bsck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatesBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.WAV:2- --&mmJ!"' - - - Vjr.r.r.,..,, .m . .'5',C5!'C,,CteADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.MEDIATORS ANNOUNCE PEACEBETWEEN U. S. AND WEXICOAmbassador Da Gama, of Brazil,Wednesday formally announced thepractical settlement of the conflict between the United States and MexicoHe explained that while mediationwould take an indefinite recess awaiting the outcome of efforts by representatives of the two Mexican factions to solve the internal problemsof Mexico, the task of mediation wasnot yet concluded, though an essentialpart of its work had been accomplished.The Ambassador spoke at a luncheon given by the three mediators tothe newspaper correspondents. Theentire American and Huerta delegations to the mediation conferencewere present."It is a source of satisfaction forme," said the Ambassador, "to be ableto say that one of the essential pointsof our program, that dealing with theinternational side of the conflict, ispractically settled. This does not imply that we go home with our taskconcluded, but we feel that so far wehave averted war.''We have established also throughagreement between the parties mostdirectly interested, and in completeharmony with the sentiments of theGovernment of the United States,that it is a principle gf Affierlc&ti policy to have our national problems always given a fair examination andsettled without foreign interference.We Understand that if such a resulthas been attained, we shall have created a more favorable atmosphere ininternational policies in America."NEWSPAPER MEN GUESTS OFBLUE GRASS TRACTION CO.GEO. w. DAVISFUNERAL DILU2CT08 AND LICENSED EIBAiMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; MGHT 29.George McLeod, chief engineer, andThos. D. Murray, treasurer, of theBlue Grass Traction and TerminalCo., entertained a party of CentralKentucky newspaper men with a delightful luncheon at Blue Grass Park,Wednesday evening. A deliciousmenu comprising all the delicacies ofthe season, was served. Paris presswas represented by Mr. William Ardery and Mr. William Remington, ofthe Paris Democrat.The same hosts entertained a groupot newspaper men at the same placeI last year and the members of the profession in this section of the State arebeginning to hope that the event willbecome an annual affair. The Newsforce i.egrets its inability to be present this time, but hope we can bethere next year.Safe InvestmenTwini&BHmWmfwmm jjy lfery essGives advice to a&i the peopleand Bourbon County to invest theirParismoneyHELP! HELP! BIG HATS ARECOMING BA'K AGAIN!To Lura Wentworth, "The Hat Girlof Nebraska' goes the unique distinction of being the first woman to crossthe Atantic with a hat so big It required a whole stateroom to itself.The other 36 creations she broughtto New York with her on the Imperator were of less acreage. In addition,slie has 28 on the other side of theAtlantic, too precious a collection tohave risked all in the same ship.The "Imperator Hat" the big one.of course was 56 inches across andoccupied a box that four stewardsbore gingerly do-sn the pier."There will be no little hats nextfall," said Miss Wentworth, "for thebig hat is coming back and comingfast."URED OF INDTGESTION.inClothing, Shoes,Hats, Caps,Underwear, Etc.&'&.&as:&&They will give you one hundred cents onthe dollar on your merchandise investmentafl in and see them.Li WOLLSTEIN, Prop.PILES! PILES! PILE&WEXIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMETwm cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching PrtTt SJSXSettHnors. allays itching at onr se by all druggists, sail 50c and SLWNJLUMS MF6.C0., Pr. Cleveland, (MFonlyW. J. BrooksWhen you feelZZ .vous, tired, worried or despondent it issure sign you need MOTTS NERVERHtPILLS. They renew the normal vigor axmake life worth living., Be sure and ask IMtft' Nerverine Pills l??4l&!WILLIAMS MFG. CO. Preps., Cferekad. OkL. Obtrdorfer, Druggist, Pari; KyvMrs. Sadie P. Clawson, Indiana, Pa.,was bothered with, indigestion. "Mystomach pained me night and day,"she writes. "I would feel bloated andhave headache and belching aftereating. I also suffered from constipation. My daughter had1 used Cliambelain's Tablets and they did her somuch good that she gave me a fewdoses of them and insisted upon mytrying them. They helped! me as nothing else has done."" For sale by alldealers,(adv-july)BIG COW SNAKE1 STOPSCORN CULTIVATOR."Recently Mr. Henry Bunger, ofWest Point, had a very remarkableexperience with a cow snake whileplowing corn. The snake instead ofgetting out of the way of the cultivator, attacked the machine andwound itself around the axle in sucha way that the cultivator would notwork. The Avheel dragged instead ofturning and Mr. Bunger had to finallyget down and kill his snakeship. Thereptile was five feet long and large inproportion.' Elizaoefehtown Nfews.Four sets of twins in four hours wasa night's record at the Jewish Maternity Hospital, in New York. In each(instance the mother was but a littleover zu years ouuWILL SHOW BRITISHAmerican to Tell England Howto Run RailroadHenry Worth Thornton, Picked byEnglish Directors to Take Chargeof Great Eastern Road, WillDemonstrate U. S. Methods.New York. "Your best chance ofsuccess," said Henry W. Thornton,"comes when you are in your shirtsleeves."Thornton is the young Americanrailroad man who was recently pickedout to take charge of the Great Eastern railroad in England.The member of the board of directors who did the picking tactfully added to his declaration that Thornton isthe best young railroad man in America for such a position, the cause being that English railroad men haverun to seed."They do not grow," said the director, wagging his head like a mechanical bear. "They do not expand.Their field of vision is limited."However that may be and Englishrailroads resolved themselves into alodge of sorrow when they read it andthen began to gather bricks for Thorntonthe American youngster hasbeen growing and expanding eversince he got into railroading.After he had graduated in footballand engineering at the University ofPennsylvania he applied for a job toJohn C. Sims, then secretary of thePennsylvania Railroad company. Hehad a letter of introduction from aman of influence."Hum," said Sims, when he readthe letter. "This gets you a job, butit don't hold the job for you, youngman. I'll carry you on the salarylist for two years. But if by thattime you haven't been promoted, saltwon't save you. I wouldn't have thatsort of a man on the right of way."Thornton was on his third promotion at the end of two years. He hasbeen moving upward ever since, buthe has never gained a step by flattery, back-bending or lying, if theopinion of the men who have been,nearest to him is to be taken at par.On the other hand, he hasn't hesitated to fuss with Lis superior officers,and fussing with the official family ofthe Pennsylvania railroad is common-reputed io be as dangerous an oc-on as biting the tip of a strokeOn one occasion a baggageman onhitf .di7801 na( climbed on to thetender, wlienj hj had no business tobe, just tfefofe "Ilie engine rolled intothe ditch. TheN baggageman waskilled, leaving a destitute family."Give me $1,000 for the widow andkids' Thornton asked of headquarters."Not a nickel," said headquarterscoldly. "It was the baggageman'sfault that he was killed.""Maybe," said Thornton, with thebig jaw setting. "But meanwhile &young widow and three boys are indanger of starvation. I'm going to' ' - X"nwww !,. r.n.i aii iianfcfcBMMBMHenry Worth Thornton.WmBX0$$ Jii-11 PS im Drink this Ss&2gSr3&r "afe,,M and be refreshed! L&y- fmJSf SS Sip by sip here's purei enjoyment cool com-fort a satisfied thirst ISk ipJaa contented palate. mc v-7v Demand the genuine by full name mm"""wai Jy '""" Nicknames encourage substitution. &JvnW tuv rrvrA.rnT.A pompany JwATLANTA, GA. jErmmWheneveryou see anArrow thinkof Coca-ColaiDon't, Wnrrv 1I Yourself During theHot Weather!I But Come in and We Will SuggestaQuick and Easy .Meal for You.Sliced Ham,Minced Ham,Dried Beef,Bologna,Iktft. - "a.Imported Swiss Cheese,Brick Cheese,Pimento Cheese,Snappy Cheese,N. Y. Cream CheeseCanned Meats of All Kinds'Stone's Famous Silver Slice Cakes. -T. C LENIHANCash Grocerv.B Both Phones 234.9tmW-Hput her on rav uavroll at S45 a month. WSaSSeQea 99999ii- - .. r -w . wsii?o99mand when her name comes off minecomes with it."She's still there, so far as any one t j"knows. Perhans that incident helns ' 'explain why Thornton was selected totake charge of the Great Eastern, forthe position of general manager onan English railroad is equivalent tothat of president of the United States.The Great Eastern handles a greater commuting traffic than any otherroad in England, and its short haulbusiness, during the summer resortseason, is perhaps the greatest in theworld.But, according to the commutingpublic of England, its directing heads,assay heavily in pure bone. Ticketsales are never stopped, no matterhow badly the line may be blocked.Trains are held in. smoke-filled tunnels, rather than permit a step asidefrom routine procedure."Any one can handle engines andcars and tunnels," said a railroadi man, ' out 'mormon is a wonder athandling men. That s why Englandtook him."He must not only teach the railroadusing public of England to love theGreat Eastern, which entails a complete reversal of all the laws of human nature, but must also win theloyal support of the Great Eastern'semployes.In a way, American railroaders andtheir methods will go on trial withThornton in England. This may not,seem fair, tout it is th fact.STAPLE CS, FANCYGROCERIES!ALSOAll the VegetablesOf the SeasonmmttmsOUR LINE OFCanned GoodsCannot Be ExcelledN. A. MOORE.Sailer's Old Stand&?c99m9m999m99mm9991 1-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY .7, 114.J-NINTH ANNUALeical -world will be here.J Six singers in costume will be heardIn front of the grand stand every eve' nine- pnil fiim-a -. n j. j. . . .t 0 . tuwo i0 a. 51ML treat in storeRIIIF CRAW FAIR SeS.JovinspublicotheBlu2&ILUL UllnUU I mil j On Tuesday, the 4th, the big mule,show, always a most interesting .f ea-jture.of the Blue Grass -Fair, will beOPENS AT LEXINGTON MONDAY, shown, and Herefords cattle will alsoAUGUST 3 BEST FAIR IN .be seen-MIDDLE WEST ' Vanous classes for sheep and swinewill be judged in the pens, and thepoultry and pigeons will be judged inthe poultry house. "SIX RIG DAYS ANfl NIRHTC ! Great 8h0W rings in other claeS,OIA OIU UAI5 mU N Wn 1 0 music by Thaviu's Band will help fill1 out the day's program.On Wednesday morning the breedNumerous Attractions, Including Tha ing classes for standard bred horspsas mentioned above, classes for jack! stock, etc., will be shown in front of.the grand stand.viu's Band and Concert CompanyKline's Greater Shows.Lexington, Ky. Since its organization in 1906, the Blue Grass Fair hastaken full rank with the largest andthe best state fairs and expositionsof the country. It has verv inst-Famous Blue Grass Stake Wednesday.In the afternoon the famous BlueGrass Stake for five-gaited saddlehorses, which always produces thebest seen in the world. This stake al-show in the world. It is the only fairwhich offers a full quota and! become known as the largest horse ' WajlS glVGS US .a sPirited and excitingouutuat, ami urmgs out a large field.Thursday is alwavs a erpnt dnv pnia classi- an extra nrnp-rnm Vioo r-.n ,.., ,ification for breeding classes of the The forenoon will be taken up withthree great breeds of American horses the breeding classes for Americanas well as show classes, simplified and saddle horses, the prizes for which areai ranged in a manner which makes Particularly rich knd desirable andtheir distinction clear. Pitched on a Leitdlu l0 onng about a magnificentlarger and more extensive scale thanever before, with the certainty of increased interest on account nf v rim, c ' ,...., . p... . eb a.i.i ft.-, .. , " V -.onorcaoras, will be well worth theouu-u itimico. cms year s Tair nrnmshow.The classes for Short Horn c.ntite.which always produces a show forises to eclipse all previous recordsNumerous additions and improvements have been made in the matterof show rings and amusement featureshave been secured of a kind and to anextent that justify the belief that thefair will not only prove more valuablethan ever to the live stock interestsof Kentucky, but also more attractiveto those who visit it. In addition tothe weanling and yearling divisions,five stakes are offered in the showclasses for saddle horses.Attractive Program Each Day.One of the most attractive programsfor the week will be on Wednesday,when the classes for Standard bredhorses will be shown.In addition to the cash premiumsoffered and seasons to the leadinghorses in service are donated by various owners and should attract the attention of the entire world.The fair will open on Monday, August 3rd, at 1 p. m., when an attractiveracing program has been arranged, interesting show rings will 'be seen, andThaviu's Great Band and Concert Co.,with some of the best soloists andgrand opera singers known to the mu-rUneeda BiscuitTempt the appetite,please the taste andnourish the body.Crisp, clean and fresh5 cents in the moistureproof package.Baronet BiscuitRound, thin, tenderwith a delightful flavorappropriate forluncheon, tea anddinner, io cents.ZuZuPrince of appetizers.Makes daily trips fromGinger-Snap Land towaiting mouths everywhere. Say Zu Zvl tothe grocer man, 5 cents.trip of many miles to those interestedin beef cattle, which will be shown infront of the grand stand. In the afternoon will be witnessed the Kentucky Stake for five-gaited saddlehorses and an excellent program forracing, varied show classes for roadsters, three and five-gaited horses andfine harness horses.Friday morning will be devoted toJersey Cattle, which is always a goodshow, as the best herds in the Statemeet here.In the afternoon the Shetland Ponies, in addition to racing and a varied program of show classes.Thoroughbreds Saturday.Saturday is always known as Thoroughbread Day, when we see ringswhich bring together many of the mostnoted thoroughbred horses from thegreatest nurseries in Kentucky. Inaddition to cash premiums, seasons tosuch great horses as Ballot, Sain, JackAtkins, Fair Play, Trap Rock, "Watervale, Stalwart, Nasturtium and othersare offered which insure the best showever given in this department.The afternoon program is one of themost interesting of the entire week,as it includes all championships inwhich final contests occur betweenwinners of the individual classes during the preceding days of the fair. Therule governing these classes requiresall animals eligible to show in theserings, or forfeit money won in the previous shows, and this rule will bestrictly adhered to, thereby assuringlarge fields and affording the publicthe opportunity of seeing the winnersbrought together.The week promises to be not only agala one in Lexington, but a recordbreaking one in the history of theBlue Grass Fair.Speed Program.Running races and harness races tobe given each day.Cup races to be given each day bythe Gentlemen's Driving Club at BlueGrass Fair.An excellent speed program hasbeen arranged for the Blue Grass Fairat Lexington, week of August 3rd toSth.On each of the six days there will berunning races and harness racing onevery day but Saturday. The two-yearold stake to be contested during theweek, closed with 20 entries, includingnearly all the .best in training in Kentucky. This race has always been oneof the best races of the year for two-year-olds,and this should prove no exception to the rule.Rules of the National Trotting Association will govern the' razees. In addition there will be pony races, muleraces, novelty races and others to beannounced later.Bay biscuit baked byNATIONALBISCUITCOMPANYAlways look. f&? that nameRadium Used in Motion Pictures.The use of radium in motion pictures Is a novel stunt and will be seenin Russell Smith's one reel detectivedrama, 'The Stolen Radium," whichDirector Jack Adolfl has completed. Itis the second in a serieB of photoplaysby Russell E. Smith, the first being "APair of Cuffs."Edna Maison's New Rule.Edna Maison has started her starring career with- a comedy drama,"The Transformation of Prudence."Miss Maison .takes the part of a Quaker girl who enters society and effectsa cure for her erratic husband. Theproduction is being directed by GeorgeStanley.Actress Also Aviator.To her numerous accomplishmentsRuth Roland, "The Kalem Girl," hasadded that of knowing how to pilotan aeroplane. Miss Roland recentlymade a flight from the studio at Hollywood, Cal., to Los Angeles and return.Daring Trip in Auto.Miss Pauline Bush, leading' woman,recently drove a six cylinder automobile to the top of Mount Wilson. Herexperience will be shown in a new-photo -drama-.SPECIAL TO WOMENRn Vftlln AtiiM T.nnUI.rPVlirr. , i 1 1j.nu5a uchiiiul always eo your way.Learn to accept in silence the minor Tne most economical, cleansing andaggravations, cultivate the gift of germicidal of all antiseptics Isuuiiurnrcy, and consume your own (smoke with an extra draft of hard 'work, so that those about you may 1not be annoyed with the dust andsoot of your complaints. WilliamOsier.yAIn the Pride of Their Youth.A soluble Antiseptic Powder toI be dissolved in water as needed., As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesn treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatI caused by feminine ills it has no equal.j For ten years the Lydia E. Pinkham1 Medicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withYcfu remember this, in the threegreatest decisions to be taken in lifethe fundamental view of life, one'slife work, and love each soul must beits own counsel. Children must perform their dutv to tlip.msplvps nnrl tnlife by sooner or later going their own j men vWcsh proves- its superiority.t'uwcu who iiiive ueen curea sayLBkBMzmway. From "Young Wisdom."Real Boss.Wigg "Young Bjone3 thinks he isa born leader." Wagg "Oh, many afellow who thinks he was born tocommand marries a woman who wasborn to countermand." PhiladelphiaRecord.rit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxton Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.A chigger isn't supposed to havemuch brains. But he knows he's muchsafer under a girl's corset than he isunder a man's sock.It always makes an iceman grinwhen the scarecrow he sees in thekitchen every morning goes down thestreet dolled up like a circus bandwagon and ignores him."MESIAL shinglesAxe Stormproof?They interlock and overlap in such a way that the hardest driving rain or sifting snow cannot possibly get under them.Besides this they last indefinitely, and never need repairs.Another point They're very reasonable in first cost. You canlearn all about them fromBEST & HAWKINS,. IVillersbprg, Kentucky.UHlttJIfcHminni kiOne application soothes and heals a routrhpimplyskin.and.whenrepeated.quicklyeffectsa cure. Eczema. Ervsipelas. Tetter. Ulcers andall skin diseases yield to its curative properties.sue. a box. At all urvggists.Send for freo sample and look. "Health and BeautyJOHNSTON. KOLLOWAY & CO..1730 Sprins Czrden it., Phlb., Pa.j!1 1 jH" Jr3S252)25X$f$i:$-S2!We cfon' t expect all! our friends tobe customers, but all our customerswho useFOX RIDGE COALGROUND FEEDAND SANIEECTare our friendsDodson DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St. Both Phones 140&rgS3(feigg3:ffl6g3ga'2Si(fecgamj Paris Odorless Cleaning Co,Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New. "You will be surprised when we send your' clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedjto your satisfaction.We Call Tor and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 2oc.SwMl HWl II i Ic-.vnap'.'jA"POPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSunday, JULY 12n K'cni'III vn a 1""- liiq:a rm9flJ 0 T3tfffj hi & bi75ccr."3ZIl ll,ej l ?r ill LL-Round JTripRECREATIONt ' ."t ui!TXic;-,.RoundTripSCENERYTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special frarn leaVIhailOSSO ariilApply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen& Crescent Route, for further information.H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent, ? '3 ,. -iA101 E. Main St. Phone 49 . ,rlEXINGTON. KY- .- - . -.j 1 r- - - - jr -.s - -itwgiJ. MJa. owsssag3Qstos95 k .SSSESsfes. ifl - .. - u ij4 - -.-: VggpSt! " J sM m --jta J V"P41 9I SUMMER GOODS MMf VfiO!S ' 3 1 1 i-TLet Us Start You With The Hot WathjprjJ -i:-1M,s13umir3J1tThis Sale Began Saturday, JWill continue the rest of the hot month, with Porch; Chairs, Swings,the No-Whip Shades, Refrigerators and Lawn Furniture. Lei lis stiowfjyou what a saving we have in store for you - - - - -&SlSttB2-?tJGasStovesAre Included InThis Summer Sale.So don't let the hotThe reduced orices willinterest W PMIflfpKrff!W f C tf r i iWV3Sh?3V& BfYVs ai.lmr taar . in (thon Jftt tf-on fiatO OliOC PaitOTA . -jm. t - .TTan.ci uuiii juu up tt..... ;uu v... imrt, u vo ...S fj) :! fmHBWE OM97 .39IW ..Uimto protect you. See our prices.BigciaisTHE NEWsJICEBERG.in&on-4owfl4:o-$6ZS.Remember these goods must jing during our Summer Sale. JustBidweaflHik willraanyA. P. Whccfilr FCPst Jma?aCHAS. GREEN, Manager.eSQGGeCC3220CCS0S3C(lssrF&-rniftirc'b- h ifir . - t-tt tftSJB-Czt.. '& niR svM-t3 iZJi ' .. .' S.Jr-kr-fcM-fct.& " . At li 1 " h sar rsv3SHI hfi k'iT-' I' k I HII 5"J !! I II i III I 11 191SgJg:' wL Mil mmfeyF"11 " 111 mWJ? JnwwvfmimuaM mw Viiil inlMftj mm IT mv'IHViJli0 Wm !" -jgsaaaisSSSEa m'dwdHtJKuyOIFrOUSIrnS3B& J ' i m m:&4&a&feg cvkmtmj immmmzSt ft 'tt2(toIHBBf-. . , - .v. - - ''.MA5.1?,JlMSffi;!THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., JULY 7 1914ANNOUNCEMENTS."We are authorized to announce Hon.C M. Thomas as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Congress--manat the August primary, to heieli in this county on Saturday,August 1, 1914,DEATHSHOWARD.Mrs. Margaret Howard, aged 71,died at the home of her son,Mr. Chas."W. Howard, in Lexington, Saturday-morning. Mrs. Howard was a resident for many years of Carlisle. Thebody was taken there for burial Sunday morning. Seryices were held atthe grave in the Carlisle cemetery.IMrs. Howard had been in declininghealth for some time.HIGHLANDJohn A. "Highland, aged about sixty-sevenyears; died at the home ofMs daughter, Mrs. Thomas McCarthy,in the Tarr Building on Main Street,Thursday afternoon, following a several days illness from paralysis of the"brain.Deceased was a widower, and wasa well known carpenter. Mr. Highland formerly resided near LittleRock. He was a son of the late Mr.James Highland, of Bourbon. He issurvived by two daughters, Mrs.Thomas McCarthy, of Paris, with-whom he resided, and Mrs. MatthewMcCarthy, of near Little Rock, andone son, Mr. John 'Highland, Jr., ofBath County.The remains were taken to EastUnion, in Nicholas County, for burial,the funeral cortege leaving Saturdaymorning at five o'clock.WARDENS CAPTURE SEINERS.toA message from Harrodsburthe Courier-Journal says:State Game Wardens Shaw, ofFrankfort, and Geo. M. Hill, of Paris,arrested Walter Green, A. V. Kaysnd Herman Kays for seining inChaplain, rjver. They were taken before Judge Currey and fined 25 each.The seine was confiscated and cut topieces in the court house yard here.Many expressions of approval of the"work of the game wardens were"heard after the matter had been settled and the fines paid."MATRIMONIALMATtfOCKIl FARM NOTES.- r, t, ,"," rwff wimam xvuuu uuubui. uns weeKjai. w. .n, iuttin.wcii, ul j"in Clark county 400 lambs at pricesmnf-.v. nnrJ Mirr Amanda Luman. of i . z rn rr t...j.-,county, and Miss Amanda Luman, ofFleming county, obtained a mariagelipense from County Clerk Peaice"Paton, Thursday.WINCHESTER SUNDAY SCHOOLTO VISIT PARIS SCHOOL.Sunday, July 12th will be a big dayat the Christian Sunday School. TheMen's Class of the First ChristianChurch of Winchester will be theguests of the Men's Class of the ParisChristian Church.The Winchester Class is the largestand most enthusiastic MenJs BibleClass in the State. They have anaverage attendance of nearly two hundred and they are expecting to havethat many in Paris next Sunday. Theyare coming in automobiles and willbe in Paris in time to begin the studyof the lesson at the regudar SundaySchool hour, (9:30). An invitation isextended to all men of the Parischurch to come out and greet thisbody of men.All members of the Paris Class areespecially urged to be on hand earlyand be ready to receive our visitorsin true Kentucky style.Further notice of this meeting willbe given in the -newspapers and otherwise it is hoped we will have a largenumber of the Paris men in attendance.ranging from $6.50 to $7 per hundredpounds. ' 4H.S. Caywood, of Bourbon, boughtlast week from Beall Bros., of Clarkcounty, 160 head of lambs at $6.75 perhundred pounds.BOURBON FISCAL COURT.Unconscious Paraphrase.Dad (who has brought his son tothe links for the first time) "Is it agood lie, Harold?" Harold (unconsciously ranking himself with theGreat) "Father, I cannot tell a goodlie." Punch.PORCH SHADES.We sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. They'will please you.(5-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.The.trouble with a Family Skeletonis that it always starts to rattle whenthere are nosey neighbors in theLouse.Never tell a man anything For HisOwn Good. You are wasting his timeand yours' too.Monarch of American Tree.The largest tree in the UnitedStates is said to be the "Mother of theForest," a giant redwood in the Calaveras big tree grove in California. ItIs supposed to contain 140,619 boardfeet of lumberAt the recent meeting of the Bourbon Fiscal Court at the court house,the following business was transacted: Claims aggregating 1,669.62 wereallowed and ordered paid; report ofCounty Engineer Redmon for themonth of June received and filed;resignation of Geo. M. Davis as Keeper of the County Workhouse tenderedand accepted; County Treasurer S. E.Bedford authorized to borrow $15,000,$10,000 to be used for turnpike purposes and $5,000 for the general fund,and to execute the county ,s note, dueon December 1, bearing six per cent,interest; county rock crusher orderedmoved to the Clay quarry on the Winchester pike; $500 ordered paid toShea & Carmody for work on IronWorks pike; work on Ruddles Millspike from Speakes Bros' to thebridge ordered completed; Dr. H. M.Hamilton elected Live Stock Inspector of Bourbon county at salary of$600 .per annum; Court adjourned toAug. 5.NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS.LJmzL' VJ14You are hereby notified of a meeting of the stockholders of the Peoples Bank for the purpose of merging said Bank with the Deposit Bankof Paris, under the provisions of theKentucky Statutes, and for such other business as may be brought beforeit. Said meeting will be held at theBanking House of the Peoples Bank,Partis, Ky., on the 22d day of July,1914, at 2 p. m.Yours respectfully,W. P. ARDERY, President,S. E. BEDFORD, Cashier.30-4tNOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS.3)WlrMN"(Copj right, by ilcClute Sjndlcate)You are hereby notified of a meeting of the stockholders of the DepositBank of Paris for the purpose of increasing the capital stock of said bankfrom $109,000 to $150,000, and ofmerging this bank with the PeoplesBank of Paris, as set forth in the letter to stockholders and agreementmade by directors of each bank, andfor the purpose of attending to suchother business as may be brought before it.Said meeting will be held at the1 Banking House of said Deposit Bankj of Paris on the 22d day of July, 1914.Yours respectfully,J. M. HALL, President.1 C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.30-4tJflMfllifc.'wKPiCopj right, by McClure Syndicate.)eHalf Price !You can cook with gasfor practically half theprice of any other fuel.Gas bills for the monthof June averaged 90c.Can you beat it?WE HANDLEGARLANDGAS RANGES,See us to-day for kitchin comfort.PARIS GAS &ELECTRIC CO.Incorporated.gH. M. HAMILTONI VETERINARIANOffice, Butler's Drug StorePhones 261. Residence phones:, Cumberland 246, Home 449.I PARIS, KY.Itoo4Jfill, till I Co.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, KentuckyOur Great Semi-AnnualClearance SaleNOW GOING ON.Such Savings As Are Offered ByThis Clearance Sale Are Extraordinary, Coming in the very heart of the season, thisgreat Semi-Annual Sale is of supreme importanceto every woman in and near Lexington The lowprices it offers would be remarkable at any time,but they are particularly so at this time of the year.This is the sale that isN always anticipated by ourpatrons in Lexington and all over Central Kentucky.They have come to recognize it as the one big valuegiving event of the season.Spring and Summer merchandise in highest demand is included in this sale the very goods neededfor present and future use and the prices Jare substantially less than equal qualityTsells JorjJ-egularlyHI Lexington. v3 esses- bezw gsxsskh ZSMzLr:rhere are no words strong enough for us to usein urging you to come to this Semi-AnnualClearanceSale.oI Wolf,Wile & Co.jftormerty jfcaufman, Straus c Co. iLiexiiigtoiii, K.y.b HL K hB IH HH HH H MBegins Moedav, JBIB H mH HlxV WmWm Hh H Hlilly 69 and Continn4mWeeks!!Our Store is Filled to Overflowing with Clean, New Merchandise That Must Move. A Tremendous Reduction onTable Linens,Napkins, Towels, iUmbrellas,Parasols,Counterpanes,White and Colored Linens;Shopping Bags,Wash Goods,White Goods,Silks,Lace Curtains, Draperies,Ribbons,Muslin Underwear,Knit Underwear,Petticoats,Hosiery,Handkerchiefs,Neckwear,Art Pieces,Etc., Etc.hirt Waifilc al half nrlr f-n rfneo ni- i-u i:M .. - -- -. , vu.......... TyciiavctuiHiitw accper man ever Dcrore, because we have farcorstocks to reduce. Get in on some of these bargains.a.: . -Paris' Only ExclusiveDry Goods Store.JrMTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS,. KENTUCRY, JULY 74 1914s jf trjrsr 9 e.iJHstffo&e'isrLHAS THE BESTCF ALL LINES MADETobacco insuranceagainst hail. SeeRoxie Davis. 26tfMELONS ON ICE.S06ALANDPERSONALArkle, and "Work in Canada," byMiss Susie Ashurst.Mrs. Tayler Chandler left yesterday to visit friends in WashingtonD.C.Miss Mabel Robbins is a, guet of LiqHw .,- nnrQa tvL oi ivr 'wfriends m Richmond. t m mi , E. Board, on Houston Avenue.Mrs. James Lee, of Philadelphia, I -Mrs. Charlston Alexander lefta8 ni rSS tlvelxinnthl8,C1?'- .yesterday fora visit to her mother,Mr. A. T. ('Tommy") Crawford, of Mrs. B. M. Ball, in Versailles.Louisville, was a visitor in Paris, Sun- i Mis t.ih Ti,-i,mon weuuy.Mrs. Edward Chaney and childrenare visiting friends and relatives inI Danville."We have nice ones all the time. , Mi&s Carolyn Roseberry left Sun-C. P. COOK & CO.day for a visit to friends in Huntin:ton, W. Va.Mr. E. T. Hinton is visiting hisCLAY BROS WIN AT LATONIA brother, Mr. J. T. Hinton, Jr., in Hun-Liugiuu, w . va.Lady Errant, the property of ClayBros., of this city, with Jockey Neyon up, won a $600 purse in the sixthrace at Latonia Thursday, of one mileand seventy yards. 'B. P. O. E. MEETING.The Paris Lodge B. P. O. E., No.."73, will hold its first meeting in itsnew quarters in the Bourbon Bank &Trust Co. building, on Fifth street,tonight. All members are earnestlyrequested to be present.BLACKBERRIES.We will have all the Blackberries inbuckets you want, Wednesday. Thiss the first of the season.It N. A. MOORE & CO.WOMAN BREAKS ARM.Mrs. Wm. Huffaker, of near NorthMiddletown, was thrown to the groundon Main street in this city by a horsewhich had became frightened at apassing band. Her arm was brokenand she sustained severe bruisesabout the body. She was removed toIier home after her injuries had beenattended to.FRANK COX WILL RECOVER.F!rank Cox, of Elizabeth Station,this county, the young man whoseskull was fractured in a motorcycleaccident at "Dead Man's Curve," onthe Maysville pike near Lexington,when the motorcycle on which he andRichard Huffman, of Millersburg,were riding, jumped the road, is improving rapidly at Good SamaritanHospital. He has regained conscious- s con, on Cypress street.ness ana hopes are now naa tor hisrecovery. jMessrs. Clyde Richards, JohnKriemer and Jack Spratt motored toHigh Bridge , Sunday.Mrs. Wm. H. Harris has returnedfrom an extended visit to friends andrelatives in Chicago.Mrs. Willard Barnes and littledaughter are guests of Mr. and Mrs.A. A. True, in Falmouth.Mr. and Mrs. Roby Clay, of Lexington, are visiting Mr. and Mrs. W.P. Wornall, near Paris.Mr. Carl Crawford has returnedfrom Ohio, where he was called bythe illness of his father.Mrs. J. Sims Wilson and childrenlett Friday for Benton Harbor, Mich.,to remain until Sept. 1.Mrs. Elmer Linville, of Mt. Olivet,is the guest of Mr. and Mrs. JamesR. Stivers, on High street.Mrs. L. W. 'Longmoor, of Covington, is visiting her sister, Mrs. E. P.Claybrook, near Hutchison.Miss Carrie Frank has arrivedfrom New York for a visit to relatives and friends in Paris.Squire J. N. Shropshire left today for Dayton, O., to attend the guntournament to be held there.Mrs. John M. Flanagan leftlast week for a visit to relatives inher old home at Weston, W. Va.Mrs. F. W. Miller and daughter,Miss Martha, of Paris, are visitingher sister, Mrs. T. C. Wills, in Richmond. Mrs. David Alexander and littleson have returned from a visit inLouisville, Henderson, and in Evansville, Ind.Mrs. William Campbell and children have returned to their home inMidway after a visit to relatives inthis county.Miss Alice Behrman has returnedto her home in Newport, following avisit with her sister, Mrs. J. W. Ba-BLACKBERRIES.We will have all the Blackberries inbuckets you want, Wednesday. Thisis the first of the season.It N. A. MOORE & CO."SAFE AND SANE FOURTH."Paris enjoyed a very "safe andsane" Fourth of July last Saturday.There was an entire absence of theusual fireworks on the streets. Thebanks and postoffice were closed."Old Glory" floated -to the breezefrom the flagstaffs on the City Halland the Government building, and anumber of residences were likewiseMiss May Quinby, of OklahomaCity, Okla., is the guest of her grandmother, Mrs. Mary E. Redmon, onHiggins Avenue.Mrs. Sidney G. Clay, Miss AliceRogers Clay and Miss ElizabethBrown attended the opening hop atGraham Springs.Mr. Richard Sterling has goneto Mercer Healing Springs, W. Va., tospend the summer with his mother,Mrs. R. W. Sterling.Mrs. Wm. Smith and daughters,Misses Mary Louise and Laurabelle,are visiting relatives in Hamilton and gother points in Ohio. i g. Mr. and Mrs. Blount, parents of !Mr. Stanhope Weideniann have tak- jen rooms with Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Al-,exander for the summer. OMr. and Mrs. James Chambers, of 5St. Louis, are expected soon for a vis- ama guest of her sister, Miss ChristineHickman, in Lexington, Saturday andSunday.Mr. J. Quincy Ward, of Frankfort,Executive Agent of the State Gameand Fish Commission was a visitor inParis, yesterday.Dr .B. M. Shive, Pastor of thePresbyteritn Church, is in Louisvilletoday attending a meeting of theSynodical Committee.Mr. Harry Simon returned fromCincinnati yesterday accompanied byMrs. Simon who has been confinedi the Jewish Hospital for a numberof weeks.Mr and Mrs. J. H. Thompson andMrs. S. G. Clay sail Thursday fromNew York on the Carpathia for a twomonths, visit aboard.Mrs. Grimes Hamm was calledto Winchester, Sunday on account ofthe illness of her father, Mr. JamesVice. Mr. Hamm accompanied her,returning Sunday night.Nlr.L.Grinnan will leave tomorrowfor Seattle, Washington to residewith his son, Mr. Brutus Grinnan. Before going to Seattle he will visit hisdaughters in Sacramento and LosAngeles, California.Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Biggs returned to their home in Huntington,W. Va., yesterday. Their two littlesons, Sam and George, remained inParis to spend several weeks withtheir grand-parents, Mr. and Mrs. E.B. Hedges.MOONLIGHT UP STONER.For Moonlight Boating Parties, callCHIPPEWA BOAT CLUB.It Cum. Phone 55.i :TOILETdpr.nrntari with the "Star SnaeledBanner." The only public observance it to the former's mother, Mrs. Kateof the dav was made bv the local col-, cnambers on Duncan Avenueored lodge of Elks, which gave an outing at the Fair Grounds. The smallboy found the Fourth a most uneventful day. Railroad excursions topleasure resorts in Cincinnati and toBlue Grass Park in Lexington, were"well patronized.LOCAL BOY IN "MOVIES."a9OaHere are some of thethings we sell for use onany lady's dressing table:Spiro Powder 25cOdorono 25cRosaline 25cCold Cream D. &R..25cPeroxide Cream 25cElcaya Cream 50cPomp. Massage Cream 50cMulford Talcum 25cColgate's Talcum 15-25cFreeman's Powder . . .25cLaBlacke Pace Powder 50cThese are not all.SOMETHING IN THE NAME.The Louisville Herald says: "IfBourbon county does vote 'dry' we'llhave to admit that there's somethingin a name."MASONS ELECT DIRECTORSFOR MASONIC TEMPLE.At a meeting at the Masonic Temple on Saturday night the followingBoard of Directors for the netw homewere elected: C. A. McMillan, President; Wm. Shire, Vice President; Jas.Ewalt, Secretary; Deposit Bank, Trea;M. H. IE Davis, N. Houston Rion.FOR RENT.Furnished front rooms with board.Apply toMRS. WALLINGFORD.(7-3t) Cor. Pleasant & Duncan Ave..FOR SALE.One 3-horse-power gas or gasolineengine. Will sell cheap. Apply toHENRY GROSCHE.LOOK! LOOK!For Percy Hahn, the carriage andautomobile painter, on the corner ofFourth and High streets. Best materials only used. Both phones. 31mOver Dickerson's Garage, Cor. " Highand Fourth Sts. Both phones 539$ATTENTION, j! W. Ed Tucker's fBIGSineilearancesate0UBegins Monday, July 6th,Ends Saturday, July 18th.TAr XAIoi rf Rifcrsain CJwins. Don't Miss It.W. Ed Tucker.IParis' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.90(PEOPLE!Do You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit Jewell 1 1fias Stave? & Ha now 2iGas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and Electrical, Contractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.SPIGER&GILGHRISTELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101I HOI WEATHER SPECIALSix Iced Tea Glasses,Six Iced Tea Spoonsand Six Coastersrx"AUL FOR$4.50C. O. HINTON! 99999M99999People's PharmacyPARIS, KY.Doyle Buiklin gSth and Main."Watch Our Windows."ae!Paris readers who started Sundaythe reading of the prize story of "TheMillion Dollar Mystery," and who willfollow the thread of the story willfind added interest through the factthat Maurice Burnaugh, of Paris, formerly sporting editor of The Leader,and more recently in vaudeville andMiss Ettavieve Foote has returned from Winchester to" spend the summer with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Chas. Foote, on Stoner Avenue.Mrs. R. J. Neely and sister, MissElla Mitchell, left Friday for an ex- &tended stay at Lake Chautauqua, X. 'Y. ,Mrs. Edward Summers lids re-!! turneed from a visit with her parents, ,Mr. ana Mrs. Jas. ieiser, in Fal- 2 mmouth.. "Miss Jennie Kenney arrived Sat-1urday from New Mexico for a visit to Jfriends and relatives in this city and tcounty. ."Mrs. Mary E. Frazier and Miss 'Margaret Frazier motored Sunday to jParis, Ky., where they will spend theremainder of the summer. Louis-THE J. T. HINTON CO.GOODSmusical comedy, appears as one ofthe characters in the moving pictures ville Herald. Iof the story. While in New York ! Mrs. Candace Smith was called 'j.cvdiLij' .jai. ijuiuautju uuuwu i...v uw, viiivjiiiicii.i riiuajr, uii auuuut, ula a a mbm temmutmKODAKS$5.00 ,AND UP.Ma.xixie or, as he says, it is properlybtyled, the Bresillienne Mattchiche, incompany with Marguerite Snow, theleading lady of the film company, whotakes the part of the heroine of thestory.This series of pictures will startat the Columhia in this city nexteek.BLACKBERRIES.We will have all the Blackberries inbuckets you want, Wednesday. Thisis the first of the season.It N. A. MOORE & CO.HAMILTON FUND AWARDSThe following Bourbon countyyoung women were awarded the benefits of the Hamilton Fund in a reportmade by the Commissioners to theBourbon Fiscal Court at a recentmeeting:Misses Fay McWhorter, Millersburg, $100; Lina Crowe, Paris, $75;Ada Plummer, Elizabeth, ?50; Katherine Meglone, Paris, $75; ElviraSmith, Leesburg, $45; Frances Settle,North Middletown, $50; Virginia Bell,Hutchison, $75; Lillian Hickman,Paris, $75; Mary Moreland, RuddlesMills, $50; Christine Thomason,North Middletown, $50; Mary Mitchell, Millersburg, $50; Jessie Mae Fee,Paris, $40; Lillian Neal, county, $35.The following applicants were allowed $25 each:Misses Grace McCord, KatherineKenney, Julia Edwards, Ellen Henry,Bessie O'Neil, Lidzie Jones, Ruby Elder, Paris; Drusie "rakes, Clintonville; Camille Welch, county; MaudeTaylor, Mabel Estes, Louise Horton,Paris; Bessie Sweeney, county;Ethel Jones, Millersburg; MabelTemolin, Paris; Anastasia Brennan,county; Aileen Neal, county; KateRoberson, Millersburg; Ida BelleMerimee, Shawhan. There wereeighteen or twenty other applicantswhom tfce Commissioners were unable to accommodate." ""it)the critical illness of her nephew,Mr. Bruce K. Adair, who is suffering jwith tuberculosis.Mr. Chas. Hopkins, Mr. and Mrs.J. C. Bryan, Jr., Miss Sidney Burris !and Mr. Chas. Burris left yesterday jin Mr. Hopkins' automobile for a visit ,to relatives in Indiana.Misses Phyllis and Helen Nippert, daughters of Mr. and Mrs. Ed.Nippert, former Parisians, have returned to their home in Latonia aftera visit to relatives in Paris and Lexington. Mrs. Kate Robards entertained at"Pekin," the beautiful home of herkinswoman, Mrs. Nannie Jewell Embry, in Fayette, with a family reunion. It was a gathering of relatives from various points in theState for the delightful day. Thosepresent from Bourbon were Mr. Jno.Roseberry, Mr. John Hildreth, Mrs. I nf X rQ 4.1, nto:acfrc rfAmno Trir"hnrH TVTrc Parrio Pichor lUAlw" 111C U1CO.OU1CO UlMr. and Mrs. Edward Prichard.A pretty dance was given lastThursday night by Mrs. Henry Caywood, of North Middletown, in compliment to Misses Reba and Carolyn Jordan, who are now her guests afterconcluding a delightful visit with Mrs.Wm. G. McClintock, in this city. Thehome was beautifully decorated and adelightful musical program was furnished the dancers. Ices and cakeswere served during the intermission.About forty young people enjoyed theevening.At the regular meeting of the C.W. B. M., held Friday afternoon in theparlors of the Christian church, thePresident, Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, presided. After the devotional exercisesa business session of unusual interestwas enjoyed, including a quiz on missionary tidings topics, and this wasfollowed by a literary program incharge of Mrs. C. Arnsparger assistedby several members of the group.The general topic was "Our IndianWork in Northern Canada." Mrs.C.A. Chappell read a beautiful poem,'Indian Namss," followed by a paperen "Among the Indians," by Mrs. Jas.KODAKpicture taking indoors orout.Come in and we willshow you how easy it isto KodakWe have a large line ofKodaks and BrownieCameras.DaughertyBig Reduction For This Week.WATCH WINDOW!See Our Line of Porch Shades, Porch Furniture, Crex fRugsRefrigerators, GoCarts, Hammocks.rWall Paper Almost At Cost!Can Hang It At Once.Rtfrl ! Mi M ! ! ! ! 'j p J, "J jpJUST RECEIVED -Several bales of Felt Mat-i tresses. Good for cool or hot nights. Very close pricess on these.Anthing You Want in Furniture!Cheap, Medium or Fine: "Bros.Picture Moulding and Frames Made to Order.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 3Undertaking Ambulance Wood MantelsreeeNi'P&vm1Im(-rf 'V -KTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KY., JUL? 7,, l4J.' -U ,, J- I '("' ISomething Better.Then you can't get me a government plum?" "No," said Senator"Wombat; "but what's one paltry govranent plum? I have secured foryou some plum seeds from the department of agriculture. Go home andstart an orchard of your own, mytriend." Judge.Employment of Time."I suppose you know all about railjoads, banking and currency and kindred subjects." "No," replied SenatorBorghuin.' "If I studied all thosethings I'd have so little time to makespeeches that my constituents wouldthink: I was neglecting my business."-Washington Star.The man who brags about his children may be a nuisance, but he hasif all over the mutt who brags about3iis ancestors.V.flMMM; , - '- ' i n . , j. - 1MlheCoiMfflSBSS&lfSWm Black Tan White 1 A VHta0HHIIHHiiiHlHHHHiHH& The F. F. D alley Co., Ltd., Buffalo, N. Y., Hamilton. Ont. . "JJ4tWnNDFRFUL TRANSPOSITION. .,, CROCK OF BUTTER FOUND UN- OF INTERNAL ORGANS.'Mill IKIIIiiillllK IIIKIIII IIIIIUIIIHHIIIIIIilllllll DER 20 FEET OF MUD IN WELL.b .1 lull IlllliSll Iki . iCANADAThe land of lakes and cool breezes.An ideal place to spend your vacation.Let one of our passenger representatives help you plan your trip. Noobligation whatever and you will beassured of excellent transportationfacilities and courteous treatment...COMBINATIONRAIL, LAKE and OCEAN TRIPSWITH OPPORTUNITY OF VISITINGDetroit - Niagara Falls - Toronto - Montreal - QuebecNew York - Boston and many interesting placesLOW FARES LONG LIMITS LIBERAL STOP-OVERSCall on your local agent or addressP. C BENEDICT, D. P. A. or F. P. WADE, T. P. A.Fifth and Walnut Sts., Cincinnati, O.Illustrated Tour Books on applicationIKT. A. HENDRICKSRepresentingThe Higgin Manufacturing Co.Window and Door EquipmentsOur Business.AH Metal Window Screens, All Metal Weather Strips,Window Ventilators.WaJger Awnings, the Best in the World.Automatic Door Checks everything in window anddoor perfection. Estimates furnished on large or smallcontracts. LET US FIGURE WITH YOU. Drop us a postalor call over the phone and we will send a representative tosde you.Hundreds in Bourbon County to efer you to as to thesatisfaction we have given our customers in Paris andvicinity.T. A. HENDRICKS,Editor Jim Tilton, of the CarlisleAdvocate comes to the front with thefollowing, which is about the best"story" of the season: "At a depth of29 feet under 20 feet of mudr a crockof butter was found in a well at theold homestead of Col. ThompsonParks, at Parks' Ferry, the other daywhen the well was being cleaned out,and, strange to say, the butter was aswell preserved as if fresh. Mr. Parkshas been dead sixteen years, and thatthe butter was accidentally droppedinto the well during his lifetime thereis no doubt."To the Bitter End."Why don't you get rid of thatmule?" "Well, suh," answered Erastus Pinkley, "I hates to give in. IfI was to trade dat mule off, he'd regard it as a personal victory. He'6been tryin' foh de las' six weeks toget rid o' me." Puck.Cheerfulness.What, indeed, does not that wordcheerfulness imply: It means a, contented spirit, it means a pure heart,it means a kind and loving disposition,it means humility and charity, itmeans a generous appreciation of others and a modest opinion of self.Thackeray.STOPS NEURLGIA KILLS PAIN.264 Rand AvenueTelephone 2585LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYviribi' ' ! '! fr ! I'S''?I''Siti;.t....,!52Sloan's Linament gives instant relief from Neuralgia or Sciatica. Itgoes straight to the painful partSoothes the Nerves and stops thePain. It is also good for Rheumatism, Sore Throat, Chest Pains andStrains. You don't need to rub, it penetrates. Mr. J. R. Swinger, Louisville, Ky., writes: "I suffered withquite a severe Neuralgic Headachefor four months without relief. I used Sloan's Liniment for two or threenights and I haven't suffered with myhead since." Get a bottle to-day.Keep in the house all the time forpains and all hurts. 25c, 50c, and ?1,at your Druggist.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for all sores,(adv-july)With all his organs transposed hisheart being on the right side, the liverand appendix on the left, and thelarge end of the stomach on the rightthe case of Thomas Murdock, a negro laborer, who was killed in a fallfrom a building in Washington, D. C,was the subject of comment in medical circles recently. The body of thenegro was otherwise normal and welldeveloped, and seemingly he had enjoyed good health.jAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAtAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA A AA AAJt.9 eI Thomas & Woodford9Monarch of American Tree.The largest tree in the UnitedStates is said to be the "Mother of theForest," a giant redwood in the Calaveras big tree grove in California. ItIs supposed to contain 140,019 boardfeet of lumber.Explained It.Lawyer "Do you know what conscientious scruples means?" Witness"Yes, indeed!" Lawyer "Well,what does it mean?" Witness "Well,my parents wanted me to be a lawyer, but I had 'era!" Boston Globe.Just Surmising."I wonder what was this here'period of renaissance' the paperspeaks of?" said Mr. Farmer. "Reckonit must 'a' been one of them revolutions where they killed the king orsumpin'," reflected his neighbor. Livingston Lance.Fire, Wind,8I Lightning Insurance! IPortuguese Cosmetic.Women of the Portuguese provinceof Mozambique, in Africa, make awhite cosmetic by grinding a certainkind of 'wood in water. They assertit removes wrinkles and prevents eruptive blemishes.INTENSE HEAT HATCHESEGGS AT BOWLING GREEN.GreatBargainSaleNowGoing On!Greater Bargains than youhave ever before heard of inParis.The Hulen-Toops wholesale producefirm at Bowling Green had nine eggsto hatch as a result of the intenseheat. The chicks are well developed.ine leniperaiure was iuz uegrees.A single man has to spend a lot ofgood coin and go out hunting trouble.But, a married man can always find itat home.Once in a while you will run acrossa married couple who make you thinkAdam gave up his back bone insteadot his rib.BUCKLEN'S ARNICA SALVE FORCUTS, BURNS, SORES.Mr. E. S. Loper, Marilla, N. Y.,writes: "I have never had a Cut,Burn, Wound or Sore it would notheal." Get a box of Bucklen's ArnicaSalve to-day. Keep handy at all timesfor Burns, Sores, Cuts, Wounds. Prevents Lockjaw. 25c, at your Druggist,(adv-july)KEEP THEM AWAY.Several neighboring towns are goingthrough the ordeal of "street fairs."These organizations generally consistof several bum side shows, a bunchof tough women and a lot of otherfakirs. How the name "street fair"can be applied is not easy to understand. Paris officials should bar anysuch "entertainments."Half the trouble in life is caused bythe fact that a man will marry a living picture and then kick about thecost of the frame.Public SaleAe Administrator of Mrs. W. C.Ussery, I will sell at public auctionat the Dow Building on Main Street,SATURDAY, JULY 4 at 2 p. m.,a choice lot of Carpets, Rugs, Household Furniture, etc.(30-2t) VOLNEY. W. FERGUSON.LOOK! LOOK!For Percy Halm, the carriage andautomobile painter, on the corner ofFourth and High streets. Best materials only used. Both phones. 31mFOR SALE.Five-passenger Studebaker Automobile. Is in perfect condition. Reason for selling have bought a Run-a-Bout.Will sell cheap. Apply to(3-3t) DR. F. P. CAMPBELL.BEST DIARRHOEA REMEDY.KINDLY CALL ATTwin Bros. DspanmeniSiore.Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, KyIf you have ever used Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedyyou know that it is a success. SamF. Guin, Whatley, Ala., writes, "I hadmeasles and got caught out in the rainand it settled in my stomach and bowels. I had an awful time, and had itnot been for Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy Icould not possibly have lived but afew hours longer, but thanks to thisremedy, I am now well and strong."For sale by all dealers,(adv-july)The Parrot's Reason.Why do parrots stay in the tropicalforests instead of migrating northward like the robins? Undoubtedlybecause they realize that they are notgood in pies as some barbariansserve robins. St Louis Globe-Democrat.What has become of the old-fashionedman who used to sit out in theback yard after supper and play "TheMocking Bird" on the mouth organ?A "Welcome" sign in a public placeis nothing "but bull. You are welcomeanywhere if you can pay for it.A fool man usually waits until theother fellow gets through before hestarts to talk. But when two womenget to gabbing both talk at the sametime and each tries to keep a fewsentences ahead of the other.- vFOR RENT.Storeroom on Main street known asthe Weatherall property. Possessionto be given at once. Also 3 rooms upstairs. Will rent as a whole or separately. (15-tf) CHAS. PEDDICORDProtect Your GrowingTobacco AgainstHAILOnly First-Class CompaniesRepresented9m9999o999t SA REVELATIONSANI-GENICPOLISH HOPSANITARYandHYGIENIC.SELF ADJUSTING .HAriDLE XSEE THAT Tk . y&r --Price,$ 1 .50.Smaller Size.ITS A CRACKER-3 ACK.$1,00.Makes it easy to clean and polish your floors, woodwork and furniture.Heart shaped, having a pointed nose to get at the dirt in the corners. With itsself-adjusting handle (another exclusive Semi-Genie feature) it is easy to reachthose hard-to-get-at-places, such as under radiators, beds, or over doors andmouldings.C. A. DAUGHERTY.Auto Bus Line!NOW IN OPERATION.MEETS ALL TRAINS AND WILANSWER CALLS AT ALL TIMES.'PHONES, 864.25 CENTS TO ANY PART OF THECITY.J. S. GIN IN,Licensed Chauffeur.R. J. NEELYWAREHOUSEStables and Coal YardPor Rent!For over 30 years this has been asuccessful business stand in the FarmImplement, Seeds and Coal Business.Possession on or about July 1.'W. W. MITCHELL1, Agt.wp MMWi rrwini iminwmnAiinidMmaimmamamiQttmi4aamtmmmMBmmMmMamammmmuammHmBmm&aB&HLow Round Trip Faresfrom Paris tolSle Y ork ana Oostonvia LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE R. R.30 day limit Tourist Fares toNew York $28.00 ' Boston $31.2060 day limit Variable Route Fares toNew York $3 1 .95 Boston $33.40REDUCED ROUND TRIP FARES TO MANY OTHER CITIES AND RESORTSSuperior Sendee to the ast and JorthFor particulars, rates, folders, descriptive literature and sleeper reservations, addressW. H. HARRIS, Ticket AgentBigait.J- cxr: '1HE BOURBON NfcWS PARISKENTOeiULV"? 1914Father's Sundays.The new vicar was making pastoralcalls in his parish, and stopped toconverse with a small boy at the garden gate. "And where does your father go on Sundays, my little man?""Well, on fine Sundays he goes golfing,and on wet Sundays he turns us allout to church so he can have a bit ofpea:e in the house." .And It Was So Ordered."Very well," she said, "if you areafraid to ask father for me we willconsider our engagement at an end."-Thank you," he replied. "I was afraidyou might be disagreeable about it."Cleveland Plain Dealer.Job was a patient man. But his-vife never used his razor strop tor.liip the kids and then let it liearound the floor where everybodycduIq walk on it.Ocickly relieres Bheam&tism. Sore Mus-cltt. Neuralgia, Backache, Headache andfi'l rains. Your monev back if it fails to in.here any ache in any part of the body inlSIten minutes ame.Trtt sample aad circular sent on -request.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY.342 East Main St., Lexington, Ky. jHOf BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops in thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, Ij.itM the Lamp Oil thatIf Saves Eyesf. ZSothin; is more important in theva "ne than clear, steady light. Insuren tn by mtinsr the oil that burnsjtf c.car and eWn "without a flickercovn to the last drop. Pennsylvaniaa c Ke oil nfini to perfection.Oots no more than the inferiorT ;ikwRon o51? saves MONEY saves,t V r,R K" av eve.Your dealer has SOUTE OIL inI j ha iTfb direct I rora our works.i Ghas. G. SMi 6s! Go.1Lexington, KyUeSnery at Warren, Pa.V"s sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto OILVgHyfffv-?HOW TO GET STRENGTHafter any sickness is purely a matter ofnourishment, whether the attack wasan ordinary cold or severe illness; theweakened forces cannot repulse diseasegerms, and this is why a relapse is sooften fatal or why chronic weakness oftenfollows sickness. gRestoring strength to millions of peoplefor forty years has proven the real needfoe taking Scott's Emulsion after anysickness; nothing equals it nothingcompares with it. Its pure, medicinalnourishment, free from alcohol or opiates,promptly creates rich blood, strengthensthe nerves and lungs to avert tuberculosis.Thousands and thousands of vomen, whohave everything that heartcould desire to make themhappy, are miserable onaccount of womanly trouble. If you are of thisnumber, stop worrying,and give Cardui a trial.It has brought health andhappiness to thousands.TAKEDa Woman's Tonic.Mrs. Delphinia Chanceymtes from Collins,MissJ "I suffered terriblyfrom womanly troubles.Wjfi had five doctors, butit seemed I could not getany better. I decided totryCarduL After I beganto take it, I got bettereveryday. Now I feel aswellas-I ever did." Try"" sSv VY Witi iV qfcA UsbHbbbW lsssssB'WBSssss!'Vi (V1y Be flippy oj IoyCarduirdi8alUl. Caidu,toaa.y c-w hubmm sh m mmm r mmmmmmam ILfj-ooJjQtEfifTiLIssv!, -I ilm i 1WOMAN WAS POOR BUT PROUDMrs. Curran Tells Her Curious Neighbors That District Visitor IsOnly Her Dressmaker.A lady, who is a district visitor, became much interested in a very poorbut apparently respectable Irish family named Curran living on the topfloor of a great building in a slum district of her parish.Every time she visited the Curransshe was annoyed by the staring andthe whispering of the other womenliving in the building. One day shesaid to Mrs. Curran:"Your neighbors seem very curiousto know who and what I am and thenature of my business with you.""They do," acquiesced Mrs. Curran."Do they ask you about it?""Indade they do, ma am.""And do you tell them?""Faith, thin, Oi do not.""What do you tell them?""Oi just tell them," was the calmreply, "that ye are me dressmaker, an'let it go at that." Pittsburgh Chronicle Telegraph.A Small Detail.Enthusiastic Reporter (to city editor) I've got a story here about a manwho drank poison, cut an artery in hiswrist, shot himself and jumped intothe river in an attempt to commit suicide. Somebody pulled him out, senthim to a hospital, and he's going tolive. It's a cracking good yarn.City Editor What's his name?Reporter I didn't bother to get that.I thought you would want just the bigfeatures for the noon edition and Icould get the details afterward.jr : t.r'-- ' Nature. "fM" ""Behold that exquisite sunset!" heexclaimed. "Note the delicate fleshtints, the cream shades, the longdashes of vermilion and the almostI living fire that leaps up from the sinking sun as from a fountain. Beholdthe framework of darkening skies andof. deep green! Isn't it wonderful?"His fair companion sighed heavily."You just bet it is!" she exclaimed."It looks just like a great, big lobstersalad ! " Lippincott's.You Can Never Tell What They Think."So she has quarreled with thatugly beau of hers! He is the ugliestman I have ever seen. What did theyquarrel about?""She thought she would make himfeel good, and remarked that handsome men were never worth enoughpowder to blow them over the fence.""And it didn't have the desired effect?" "No, it made him furiously angry."Kind Man."You don't know how to handle awoman," said Mr. Peck. "Keep yourmouth shut and refuse to talk whenshe is roasting you. Why, do you argue with your wife?""Oh, well," replied Mr. Gabb. "Thepoor woman is entitled to a littlepleasure once in awhile." CincinnatiEnquirer, sjtttt&ggtti?'fH,. " - --M..POOR THING..6 rmA very old maiden named AnnAfter many years married a man;His last name was Teek,And great was her pique,For as Ann Teek her trouble began.The Final Proof."Doctor," said the sick man, "theother physicians who have been inconsultation over my case seem to differ with you in the diagnosis."T know they do," replied the doctor, who had great confidence in himself, "but the autopsy will show whowas' right." Kansas City Times., Separation and Peace."Their home life is ideal.""Is that so?""Yes, she goes abroad in the summer and he goes South, in the winter.Perfect, isn't it?" Buffalo Express.Jlfl?mAn OrdinanceOrdering the Improvement ofMain Street, in the City ofParis, Ky., from the SouthSide of Tenth Street to theNorth Side of Bank Row,with Bitulithic Paving orCreosoted Wooden BlockPavement Upon the OldFoundation.The following ordinance is to takethe place of the Ordinace publishedon page six, which is void.Be it Ordained by the Board ofCouncil of the Ciay of Paris, Ky:. Section 1. Main Street in the Cityof Paris, Kentucky, from south sideof Tenth Street to north side ofBank Row, is hereby orderedimproved by the removal ofthe present wearing surface thereonand by the construction of bitulithicpaving, or of creosoted wqpden blockpaving upon the present concrete foundation, the material to be used in theimprovement of said street to be determined and selected by the Councilupon receipt of bids. Said improvement shall be made in accordancewith the specifications for the material to be selected as hereinafter provided, and the present concrete foundation shall be -repaired or replacedwherever necessary to place same inproper condition for reception of thepaving.Section 2. The said improvementshall be done at the exclusive cost ofthe City of Paris, and shall be paid forin cash upon completion and acceptance of the work.Section 3. The specifications for bitulithic paving herein above referredto are as follows:SPECIFICATIONS FOR BITULITHICPAVING.The present wearing surface shallbe removed from the present concrete foundation, and all material soremoved shall be deposited by thecontractor at the city quarry or at anyother points which may be selectedby the Mayor, such points, however,to be no further distance from thepoint of removal than the city quarry.Upon the present concrete foundation shall then be laid the followingwearing surface:Such wearing surface shall be composed of hard crushed stone, sand andbituminous cement, and shall havethe thickness, when compressed, oftwo inches.In preparing the mineral aggregatefor the above wearing surface the following method and apparatus shall beused:The several grades and sizes ofmineral aggregate shall be accuratelymeasured in proportions previouslydetermined by labaratory tests togive the best results, that is, the mostdense mixture of mineral aggregateand one having inherent stability,heated in a rotary mechanical heater,so designated as to keep each batchby itself until heated and then passinto a rotary mixer; or the varyingsizes of stone approximately proportioned shall be fed intq an elevatorterminating and discharging into a rotary dryer, and, after heating, thestone shall be elevated and passedthrough a rotary screen having sections with various size openings. Theminimum screen opening shall be aone-tenth inch, and the maximumshall not be greater than one and onehalf inch. The difference in the widthof openings in successive sectionsshall not exceed one-fourth inch insections having openings smaller thanone-half inch, and shall not exceedone half inch, in sections having openings greater than one-half inch. Theseveral sizes of stone thus separatedby the screen sections shall pass intoa bin containing sections or compartments corresponding to the screensections. From these compartmentsthe stone shall be drawn into a weighbox resting on a multi-beam scale Theseveral sizes of mineral aggregate, after being separately weighed andmeasured as above, diall be droppedinto a twin pug or other approvedform or mixer. In the mixer bitulithic cement shall be added in sufficient quantity to coat all particles andfill such voids as remain unfilled bythe proportionment of the mineral aggregate. The aggregate shall be soproportioned as to secure in the aggregate inherent stability, densityfreedom from voids and resistance todisplacement, and a mixture whichwhen combined with the bitulithic cement and compacted together willform a bituminous street pavementstructure containing mixed mineral ingredients of such grades as will givethe structure inherent stability, andone in which the largest and smallestpiece are associated with each otherindiscriminately throughout thestructure, and in. which the plastic bituminous compositon permeates theentire mass, uniting the various sizedparticles thereof; filling the voids andforming the wearing surface. If thecrushed stone does not containfinely divided particles to fill thesmall voids in the aggregate, the deficiency of these finely divided particles shall be made up by the additionof sand or other suitable fine mineralmatter.The mineral aggregate shall beheated and mixed with a bitulithiccement at a0 temperature consistentwith good workmanship. The wholemixture shall be hot enough whenreaching the street to be capable ofbeing spread and raked without difficulty, and not so hot as to injure thebitulithic cement.There shall be spread over the bitulithic surface mixture a seal coat,using per square yard "of bitulithicpavement approximately one-fourthgallon of bitulithic cement, into whichshall be incorporated approxinatelytwenty-five pounds of mineral aggregate not larger than one-quarter inchdiameter. After spreading the sealcoat, it shall be thoroughly rolled into the bitulithic surface mixture. tEach layer of the work shall be'kept as free as possible from dirt,- sothat it will unite with the'succeedinglayer.The bituminous composition or cement shall in each case be free fromwater and shall be especially refined to remove volatile and other matter susceptible to unospheric influences. Section 4. .The specifications forcreosoted wooden block pavementherein above referred to are as follows: SPECIFICATIONS FOR WOODENBLOCK PAVEMENT.The present wearing surface shallbe removed from the presentconcrete foundation, and allmaterial so removed shallbe deposited by the contractorat the city quarry or at any otherpoints which may be selected by-theMayor, such points, however, to beno further distance from the point ofremoval than the city quarry.Upon the present concrete foundation shall then be laid the following:MORTAR BED.1. The concrete foundation mustbe wet by sprinkling just previous tolaying the mortar bed upon it. .2. The mortar bed, at least onehalf () inch thick will be laid uponthe concrete foundation. It will becomposed of one part Portland cement and three parts sand or screenings, both of the qualities specifiedfor use in the concrete foundation, together with the least amount of water needed for the best resuls. Itmust be thoroughly mixed and thickly spread, rammed or struck off to atrue surface. No mortar shall be laidnor wood blocks placed in their finalposition later than 30 minutes afterthe mortar is mixed.3. The wood blocx pavement layershall be 4 inches thick as required bythe traffic and conditions of the streetand constructed of materials and inthe mapner hereinafter specified.4. The wood from which the blocksare made shall be regular sound commercial merchantable long leaf yellowpine, which shall be well manufactured, saw-butted, free from larere.coarse knots or very coarse grain, anewfree from the following defects: Unsound, loose and hollow knots, worm,holes, knot holes, through round orother objectionable shakes, wane,bark, incipient of other decay.5. No dead or second growth timber will be accepted and all timbershall be cut in a locality recognizedas producing the timber specified.The number of annual rings shall average not less than six (6) per inchmeasured radically. All timber shallbe well air seasoned. The City Engineer or his inspector may at any timereject in bulk all timber that does notfulfill these specifications. The contractor shall give the City Engineer atleast twenty days notice in writingthe time and place of the beginning ofcutting or treatment of blocks.6. The paving blocks, cut fromwood or lumber above specified, shallbe well manufactured, truly rectangular and uriiform. They shall be dressed on one side. The top and bottomboth shall be evenly and smoothlysawn. No blocks shall vary in widthand depth more than 'one sixteenth ofan inch (1-16) from others used onthe same street or contract. Thedepth shall be four inches in thickness. The lengh shall not be lessthan six (6) nor more than ten (10)inches and shall average eight (8)inches long. The width shall not beless than three (3) nor more thanfour (4) indies, provided that allblocks used in one street or contract,shall be of the same width. Theblocks shall average at least 75 percent, of hard wood, and no block willbe accepted that has less than 60 percent, of hard wood.7. The blocks shall be treated, preserved ort creosoted "as hereinafterspecified, and each block shall containat least 20 pounds of creosote oil percubic foot of wood, or when a blockcontains much natural pitch it shallreceive as much creosote as can bebe forced into it by the same processand pressure as is used in the treatment of the blocks of the same kindof wood which will receive 20 poundsof creosote oil per cubic foot.8. The creosote oil shall be a dead Joil of pure coal tar or wholly a purecoal tar product. It shall not containmore than three per cent, of water,and. if it does contain this amount ofwater a corresponding correctionmust be more than three per cent, ofof waer, and if it does containthis amount of water correspondingcorrection must be made so that anequivalent additional amount of creosote is forced into the blocks. It shallcontain only traces of Acetic andacetates. Its specific gravity at oneone hundred degrees (100 degrees) F.(38 degrees Cent.) shall be atleast 1.05 and not more than1.10 so as to assure itthoroughly penetrating the woodblocks. The residue insolubledistillafiltration with benzol and chloroform must not exceed 3 per cent, ofthe weight of the creosote oil. Fractional distillation of 100 grams of thecreosote oil shall produce of dry oilby weight within the following limits:Up to 150 degrees C. (302 degreesF.), not to exceed 2 per cent.Between 150 degrees C. (302 degrees F. and 170 degrees C.) (338 degrees F.), not to exceed 1.5 per cent.Between 170 degrees C. (338 degreesF.) and 235 degrees C. (455 degreesF.), not to exceed 35 per cent.Between 235 degrees C. (455 degreesF.) and 300 degrees C. (572 degreesF.), not to exceed 35 per cent.The residue remaining shall besoft and adhesive. The creosote oilshall contain about 25 per cent, ofcrytallizable napthalee and at least15 per cent, anthracene oils. At least95 per cent, of the creosote oil shallbe soluble in carbonbisulphide andequally in absolute alcohol. The manner and methods of testing creosoteoil shall be subject to the approval ofthe-City Engineer.9. The wood blocks, after being cutand ready for treatment, shall beplaced in a suiable iron receptacle orcylinder and there sterilized with drysteam under a pressure of at leas 30pounds and not to exceed 50 poundsper square inch during at least threehours and as much longer, not to exceed 7 hours, as the conditions of thewood and ttie season of the year requires. The temperature .within hecylinder during he "process the condensed- steam, sap and other liquidmatter shall' be drawn from the receptacle by means of valves. At thecompletion of the steaming processall condensed steam and other fluidmatter shall be blown from the cylinder through an opening in its bottom,and the stream shall be caused to passout through an opening in the top.10. The draining and exhaustvalves of the cylinder shall then beclosed and a vacuum pump shall immediately produce, as quickly as possible, a vacuum of at least 24 inchesand as much more as may be necessary, and maintained in the cylinderuntil moisture and gases cease tocome from the cylinder. During thisprocess the wood blocks within thecylinder shall be kept hot by meansof steam coils within it.11. Immediately thereafter andwhile the vacuum exists, the creosoteoil at" a temperature between 180 degrees F. and 200 degrees F. shall berun ino the cylinder and forced andmaintained under such pressure thatthe wood blocks shall absorb and beimpregnated with creosote oil to theamount required by Section 23 above.The excess of creosote oil in the cylinder shall then be withdrawn, theblocks drained and prepared for shipment. 12. The blocks ready for use mustmeet the indentation test pressuremade as follows: The blocks to betested are first dried at 100 degrees F.during 12 hours. Then a polishedsteel die 1 inch square on its lowerface, square edges, corners and perpendicular sides, is placed on a driedblock firmly supported in a compression testing machine. A pressure of8,000 pounds is applied quickly andmaintained exactly one minute. Thedie must not descend and indent theblock more than one-eighth of an inch.The measurements are to be takenfrom when the die is lightly pressedagainst the block to the instant the8,000 pounds pressure has been applied one minute. The die is placedanywhere within one-half () inch ofthe edges of the block and so as tocompress lengthwise the wood fibres.13. The wood blocks shall be inspected by the City Engineer at theplace of manufacture or on arrival inthe city where they are to be used orwhen piled adjacent to the street to bepaved. All blocks not in conformitywith the requirements of these specifications will be rejected and must beremoved from the locality of the pavement to be laid.14. The wood blocks are to be laidupon the mortar bed. immediately after the bed is ready to receive them.The blocks are to be laid wih closejoints and at right angles to the curbsexcept otherwise directed by the CityEngineer, and in uniform course, andso that all longitudinal joints shallbe covered by a lap of at least three(3) inches. No closure or end blocksshall be used which are less thanthree (3) inches long. The pavingblocks shall be jointed up to the cartracks and rails as directed by theCity Engineer.15. The blocks shall he laid inslight contact, and shall be properlyrolled or rammed to a firm bearingand uniform surface.16. No rolling or ramming shallbe done within ten feet of the surfacewhere blocks are being laid. Allblocks which are broken, split, orotherwise damaged or, defective ordisplaced shall be removed immediately after rolling or ramming and replaced with sound blocks.16. After the blocks have beenlaid and properly rammed, theirlilWsssssssPsslssssWJP'' BOME M C JS4 ffi irt5y?tjS s-5tSh2fftr Vy9h3sllslisssssHajprjaejjpjjyjsjMBBslsssysflsssssWssMsMss.. . H&Rushed the Ordj&rA TRAVELING Salesman, WdefojjpNashville, Term.", took a lar'ofBr,n promising delivery in tnqcms39-jJItwould take two days for the ordetpjiaclithe Home Office by maiLjifciaoteJbimonly a few minutes to telephdbeitheorddrfrom a pay station of thg.gelJelejonesystem. e r5e.cr: sMdWTime saved, by.telephorjingoiciirteoften means f ulfillmenL.of contract.VTieii yon telepKime 4UniIfeCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyMjoints 'for a space of three fetadjacent to and parallel with Mfccurb shall be filled completely iuUrarhot bituminous cement filler as lwrtinafter specified. All other joints -tween the blocks shall first be If Titer :half full of said hot bituminous filler.Said filler shall be of a temperature toflow quite freely and it shall be thoroughly swept and rubbed into said 'joints with approved hand squeegetvuntil all the bituminous filler is cleaned from the surface of the paveet-.The entire surface of the pevemeeitshall thereon be dressed oft and all,joints shall be completely filled wKkclean, coarse perfectly dry sand and aoas to leave a uniform layer thereeC:one-half inch (&) inch thickness altover the entire surface of the pavement. 17. Expansion joints shall be constructed between the curbs and thewood paving blocks to provide for thepossible expansion and contractioa. of,the blocks by heat or cold or otherwise. These expansion joints shallbe constructed from, three-quarter(94) inches wide, according to thewidth of the street as directed by theCity Engineer, and shall extend thewhole depth ofthe blocks, and shallbe filled with U suitable bituminooepaving joint cement'acceptable to theCity Engineer. Expansion joints oany required width shall be constrocted at such other locations as the CityEngineer may direct. Expansion,joints must be completely filled with,suitable strips of wood previous tofilling the joints with the pavingjoint cement. The filler for the expansion and all other joints shall beregular Coal Tar Pitch or other approved bituminous cement that theCity Engineer considers equally amgood. In absence of instructions tothe contrary, the pitch filler shall beof straight coal tar run to a meltingpoint of 125 degrees 140 degrees Fcarrying not less than 25 per cent, normore than 35 per cent, of free carbonBrittle point to be 15 degress F.Section 5. The contractor will berequired to execute bond with suretyto be approved by the Mayor in the .penal sum of twenty per cent, of theamount of the contract price for saidwork, guaranteeing said work againstI defective workmanship and material.for a period of five years from thedate of the completion and acceptance of said work, and agreeing to repair and replace any defects appearing in said street during said periodbecause of any deafective workmanship or material.The contractor will also be requiredto execute bond to the city with, surety to be approved by the Mayor,agreeing to protect and indemnify thecity against and from any loss or dam- .age which it may sustain because oCany negligence on the part of the con.tractor. Section 6. The Mayor is herebydirected and authorized to receirebids for the doing of said work onThursday, July 16, 1914, and is farther directed to advertise for bids forthe doing of said work by advertisements in the Kentuckian-Citizen orBourbon News, newspapers publishedin the City of Paris, such advertisement to be made in each issue of saidpaper between the date of this ordinance and the date fixed for the reception of bids.Section 7. This ordinance shalltake effect from and after its passage,approval and publication as requiredby law.J. T. HINTON, Mayor.Attest: J. W. HAYDEN, City Clerk.mbs.-v: -rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. JULY 7, 1914.. S-.BIG-iSUMMER CLEARANCE SALEIS NOW GOING ONNever in the history of our Clearance Sales have we been able to offer as many desirable bargains as this year.isyourgain. Prof its gone entirely and cost cut in half on many of these Mid -Summer Bargains. Come in anciOurloss is your gain. Profits gone entirely ana cose cue in narr on many ot these Midsummer Bargains. Come in and lookaround; you'll surely find what you want. I erms or aie, Cash. READY-TO-WEAR GARMENTS of every kind go in this SaleINoe a single garment due win oe marRca i ci ois reaucuon in price.White Serge SuitsStaple Styles, each $5.00500 WaistsMid-Summer Style, $1.50 grade now 1 .OO50 New Crepe, Chiffon and SilkWaistsRegular price $5.00 to $7.50, now, each 3.75Misses' and Ladies' Serge SuitsThis season's styles, extra values, each 5.00Moire and Poplin SuitsRegular 25.00 values, now, each 9.95Extra SpecialsThe following desirable SummerFabrics at cost and in many casesone - third to one - half of regularwholesale cost:Foulard Silks, regular 90c grade, sale price, yd 49c50c grade, per yard 35c$10.00 Brocade Crepe Dress Patterns $5.00$15,00 Brocade Crepe'Dress Patterns $7.7550c, Wool Shallie, all new patterns 39c$1.25 Ratine Linens. 79c75c Ratines and Linens 38c50c Ratines and Linens 29c25c Fancy Crepes 1 5c15c Fancy Crepes 1 Oc$1.00Buys One of Our Special Gingham or LwvnDresses.If you've never had one of these dresses you shouldcome in and try one for comfort, fit and style. Theycan't be beat.Special Summer Prices on Wool and CottonBlankets, Bed Spreads and Curtains.Muslin UnderwearMade in every desirable summer style out of the sheerestmaterial and daintiest trimmings all go in this sale.Every Summer Dress That Sold Formerly at$3. 00 to $6. 00 Each, Now $1. 95 Bach.Choice of Trimmed Hats at Just One-Half ofRegular Marked Price.We assure you that this sale will be theBanner Summer Sale and well worthyour attending.FRANK&CO.OLDEST IN THE BUSINESS.Lawn mowers sharpened and repaired. Oldest antomobile and machine repair shop in the city.SM'L KERSLAKE & SON,East cor. Third and Pleasant Sts.(15m-2mo)they won't even let Dame Fortuneflirt with their husbands.Some lads go through life with thefirm belief that if they are good theywill be unhappy.A woman doesn't mind being caughtout in the rara without an umbrella.But it is Simply Awful if she has ashabby pair of stockings on.PORCH SHADESWe sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.A. F. WHEELER & CO.(5-tf)When a Princess graudates sheknows she is capable of Running theUniverse. But a few years later shediscovers that she can't even makeone poor ornery mutt land home untilthe saloons have closed.What has become of the old-fashioned ham who used to sing illustrated songs during the olio?rwmmmwmmmmmmmmmmwmmmmmmmmwmmmmmwmmmmimCIflip?TGreat Cash Raisin.Greatest Footwear Sale EverWitnessed in This CountyWe are overstocked with Shoes. Manufacturers who shipped us thegoods urge us to turn these . into cash at once. THEY NEED THEMONEY! Our enormous stock of High GradeMen's, Women's and Children'swill be sold at a great sacrifice of original values,fully.Shoesprices care-Ladies' Colonial Pumps of elegant Patent Colt,with button on side, Milo Shoe, $5.00 value at.Ladies' Patent or Soft Dull Calf Pumps, $4.00value atLadies' Patent Colonial, Oxfords or Shoes, -S3. 00 values atLadies' White Canvas Oxfords, rubber1 soles,$3.00 values at $ 1 .99 andLadies' White Canvas Colonial and Baby DollPumps, $3.00 values at $ 1 .99 andLadies White Canvas Pumps, $2.00 values at..Ladies Pat. Pumps, Louis heel, $3.00 values atLadies' Kid Oxfords, $2.00 values at 1 .24Ladies' Suede Button Oxfords, $5.00 values at. . 1 .S3Ladies' uede 2-Strap Oxfords, $2. 50 values at. 1 .49$2.992.491.991.491.49.991.49Men's Tan Oxfords and High Shoes, $5.00values at ,Men's Tan Rubber Sole Oxfords, $5.00 valuesMen's Tan and Black Latest Last Shoes andOxfords, of the famous Walk-Over and Beaconmakes, $5.00 and $4.00 values at $3.49 andMen's Tan Rubber Sole Oxfords, GoodyearWelts, $4.50 values at ". :.Man's White Canvas Rubber Sole Oxfords, $4. 50values at - $1 .99 andMen' Patent and Gun Metal Oxfords, $3 valuesMen's Patent Colt Walk-Over Oxfords, $5 valuesBoys' Patent and Gun Metal Oxfords or Shoes,$3. 00 values atBoys Gun Metal Shoes and Oxfords, $2. 50 values$3.493.492.492.991.491.992.991.991,49MS OF MILLERSBURGMisses9 and Children's Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps, in Patent Leather andWhite Canvas, at specially reduced prices. Barefoot Sandals and Outing Shoesat Bargain Prices.IDjRL3STCOHEN'SShoe StoreWhere Beautyand Economy Reigns, mM , Flh"' . mmtmmmmmmwmmmmmmmammmWMr. J. Peed continues very muchthe same.Mrs. Thomas McClintock is confined to her hed with, -illness.Mr. John Shea, who has beencritically ill forthe past week continues to grow weaker.Mrs. A. S. Miller entertained theRook Club, Friday morning'. A delightful lunch was served.The picture show is increasingwith interest. A suffragette scenewas put on last Thursday night, whichwas exceedingly pleasing.Mr. Richard Huffman, who wasinjured in the motorcycle accidentlast week near Lexington, was ableto attend church Sunday.Mrs. Thomas Garden and littledaughter left for their home atBirmingham, Ala., Friday after amonth's visit to Rev. and Mrs. F. S.Venable.Misses Bessie Purnell and Virginia Hutchcraft have returned fromRichmond where they took a specialcourse of training in the KentuckyState Normal School.,( Mrs. Ash Leer and daughter,Josephine, and little Miss Mary BushAllen returned Saturday after aweek's visit to Mrs. U. S. G. Pepperand daughters.Mr. and Mrs. Carton Ball, ofSt. Louis, Mo., and Mr. Clarence Ball,of Louisville, arrived Saturday asguests of their sisters, Mrs. W. R.Metcalf and Miss Alfa Ball.Miss Julia Miller, who has beenat home for ' several weeks leftThursday for Ashville, N.C., on account of failing health. She was accompanied by her mother, Mrs. Elizabeth Miller.Mr.- J. C. Head accompanied theremains of his sister-in-law, Mrs.Owen Head, who died . at Paris,Thursday morning, to Lebanon wherethey were interred Sunday. Mr. Headreturned Monday.The advertising of the Chautauqua is oeing let out. do not losesight of the dates, from July 28th toAugust 3rd. inclusive. Programs canbe had by calling on W. A. Butler atthe Millersburg Coal and Lumberoffice.The Sunday School of the Presbyterian church will give a picnicFriday in the grove of Mrs. WilliamTarr. All members of the church andj their families as well as the Sunday' School are urged to be present, andare requested to take a well-filledbasket The Sunday School will meetat the church at 9 a. m., where a waywill be provided to convey them to'the grounds.Mr. Linville was a son c Mr. andMrs. Tom Linville, of Barterville, andhad for several years been in the employ of the L. & N. Railway Company.About two years ago he was unitedin marriage to Miss Nettie Foster, ofMillersburg. He is survived by hiswife and a three-months-old daughter,the latter being now in a criticalcondition from brain trouble. Interment will take -place, in the Millers-urg Cemetery at 3:00. o'clock thisafternoon after a short service at thegrave conducted by Eld. C. O. Cossaboom, of the Christian Church.ivn. vviniam iJinviiie, or Jfaris,died Sunday evening about 9:30o'clock at the home of his mother-in-law, Mrs. Minnie Foster, in this place,I after a long illness of stomach trou'ble. I Mr. W. B. Smith, who will be' ninety years old next December, is the: oldest surviving citizen around Millersburg. He resided with his son-in-lawand daughter, Mr. and Mrs.V. L. Barton. He is active for oneof his years, and in possession of allof his faculities, attending SundaySchool at the Presbyterian Church,almost every Sunday, and is a valuable member of the Bible Class. Hespends much of his time in readingand writing, and is conversant withthe current copies of today. He is aVeteran of the Mexican War, and isthe only surviving one in Bourboncounty. He enlisted in HarrisonHe has one comrade in Harrisoncounty in Capt. Shawhans companycounty, Thomas Miller. He is inconstant communication with JamesT Taylor another veteran in thecompany of (apt. Simms, who is anexKentuckian, and w made ' aMason in Amity Lodge No. 40 F., andA. M. Smith will be remembered bymany as a Magistrate of RuddleMills precinct. In 1842 he attended abarbeque given for Henry Clay ina woods which is now the site ofthe palatial home of Mr. F. G. Allen,and about the same time he attendedanother barbaque given for Mr. Clay,of near Little Rock. It was at thetime that Clay was styled "The OldSly Coon," and he frequently, tellsthe story of how they had the realcoon, and asthey attempted to makeit climb one of the tall trees of thewoods it fell to the ground. Mr.Smith claims to have written the firstarticle in behalf of free turnpikes,which was published in the BourbonNews. In less than five years afterwriting this article turnpikes werefree. Mr. Smith is able and heartyand from 'his present activity he bidsfair to be a centenarian.BURR GROUND MEALYour grocer sells Burr GroundMeal. Give it a trial. ManufacturedbyMILLERSBURG MILLS.Adam was a lucky guy. He neverhad to sit around and bite nails andlisten to Eve read extracts from hisold love letters to her.NOTICE TO STOCKMEN.List your stock in M. J. Murphy'smonthly combination sales. Plenty ofbuyers always on hand. We can sellyour horses, mules, ponies, cows, cattle, hogs, sheep and poultry at goodprices. Next sale will be held on Monday, July 6, county court day.(21ap-tf)If all the Reformers and Prohibitionists expect to enter the PearlyGates there are going to be a lot ofred-nosed angels.Things have just about come to astage in this country where if Son. isasked to do an errand or Daughter isasked to wash the dishes they canhave their parents arrested for CrueHand Inhuman treatment..-;&fIk2