THEBOURvJ I A-B-J"ij1 H 'firJ&iVL.PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AKDFBIDAY, IN JTHEL YEARVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY.". FEBRUARY 27. 1914.PLEADS GUILTY INJUVENILE COURTr"WE KNOW HOW",vFATALLY BURNEOWHEN CLOTHINGCATCHES FIREGRAVE CHARGESIDE 8Y GREENEDELINQUENGYGASEMrs. Fannie Hedges Dies inA Few Hours After Receiving InjuriesBODY IS ALMOSTBURNED TO CRISPWas Standing- In Front ofOpen Grate When FireIgnited GarmentsBurned almost to a crisp when herclothing ignited from an open grate,Zvlrs. Fannie Hedges, an aged womanof Little Rock, t:iis county, succumbed to her injuries a few hourslater. The accident occurred Wednesaay morning" about ten o'clock atthe heme of her son, Mr. OscarHedges, near Little Rock, and until12:30 o'clock, when she passed away,she suffered intense agony.According to the members of thefamily, Mrs. Hedges was left in herroom alone, and when last seen wasstanding with her back to the opengrate. A few minutes later theyattracted by her screams as she ranfrom the room, her garments on fireand her body entirely enveloped inflames.In her efforts to summon aid sheran into the kitchen, where a coloredwoman was cooking. The latter became frightened and fled from theroom, leaving Mrs. Hedges to herfate. In her frantic efforts to extinguish the flames the aged woman raninto the yard and rolled in the snowlut her clothing was burned from her"body before assistance could be rendered in any way.She was carried into the house anda few minutes later lapsed into unconsciousness. Dr. Henry, of Little Rock,was summoned, and when he arrivedheidid everything in his power to relieve her suffering, but held out noliopes fcr her recovery.Over .the body were a number ofsurface burns, whijle in places the"""Sesh was crisped;- an'dieFhair hurried'off by the Barnes. At times she regained consciousness, and would endeavor to discuss the incident. During the hours she lingered she suffered greatly.Mrs. Hedges, who was about seventy years of age, was one af the bestknown and most popular woman in theLittle Rock neighborhood, and heruntimely -death is a source of deep regret to a host of warm friends.She is survived by two sons, Messrs.Oscar Hedges and R. M. Hedges, bothof this county..The funeral will be held from theresidence this afternoon with the services conducted by Rev. Agee.HUERTA WOIT LETU.S.Fine of $500 Imposed UponCol. Brent Arnold in Mildred Crane CasePROMINENT MANWELL-KNOWN HEREClimax to Inquiry Which HasAttracted ConsiderableAttentionisTo Offer Protection to Consulate in Capital AfterBody of VagaraMEXICO CITY, Feb. 26. Provisional President Huerta to-day refusedpermission to the United States Government to send two thousand American marmeb a guu lui uio s- pear and piead when calledtion here. This information came di-,,,. , nw i.,i iOT.o-rect from Gen. Huerta himself.As a climax to the sensational delinpuency case of Mildred Crane, a seventeen-year-oldgirl, m the CincinnatiJuvenile Court, Brent Arnold, generalfreight agent of the Louisville &Nashville railroad and superintendentof terminals, plead guilty to contributing to the delinquency of the girl,and' was fined $500 by Judge Gorman.Tile case has attracted considerableatention throughout this section, owing to the prominence of those involved, and because of Col. Arnold's wideacquaintance in this city. Tuesdaywarrants were issued for the arrest ofCol. Arnold and three other men whoit is alleged, contributed to the girl'sdelinquency. As soon as it becameknown Col. Arnold appeared in courtand gave bond for his appearanceTuesday afternoon when he entered apleaof guilty.Judge Gorman fixed his punishmentwith a fine of $750, b-it stated thatowing to his age he would not imposea jail sentence. Arter the court adjourned Col. Arnold tnrough his attorney, pleaded for leniency, stating thatwhile his client was reputed to bewealthy, it would be a difficult matterfor him to raise the amount of thefine imposed first, and Judge Gormanreduced it to $500.Col. Arnold's friends feel that he isin a way a victim of circumstances ina very unusual case. They point tothe fact that there is nothing in hislong and honored career to indicatethat he entered a plea of guilty forany other reason than that a trialwould have meant protracted and undesirableDuplicity. .Judge" R. W. Robinson, Col. Arnold's attorney, stated in court:"Col. Arnold pleads guilty becauseof the breadth of the present juvenilelaw, and I don't know any reason whysentence should not be passed. Thelaw is such that almost any manmight be caught by it, on a charge ofcontributing to juvenile delinquency.Col. Arnold was not knowingly guiltyof violating any law, and we ask thecourt to take into account the unsullied reputation which he has hitherroborne."After sentence was pronounced, Col.Arnold asked Judge 'Gorman : "May Iinquire how old the girl really is?""She will be 17 years old the 20th ofnext month."Judge Gorman said later that thefining of Col. Arnold was one of thehardest tasks that had confrontedhim since going on the bench. Hesaid he had known Col. Arnold for 25years and was greatly surprised wheninformed that the latter was amongthe six accused by the girl.The formal plea -entered by JudgeRobinson for Col.Arnold is as follows :"Mr. Arnold has admitted that hemet the delinquent girl at the placementioned in the citation issued bythe Juvenile Court, where he had gonewithout previous engagement to havehis hands manicured, and on that occasion he did order and pay for somewine and sandwiches, of which thegirl in the company of others did participate, which fact he has at no timedenied.but has, since the publicity ofthe affair, held hmself ready to ap-Such actunder the very broad language of theIN LOWER HOUSECarroll Representative SaysLobbyists Aided Make-upof CommitteesHUTCHCRAFT UP"AT REFLECTIONDemands to Know IfHonesty Is to Be QuestionedHislfvVlmIf You Need a HatAnd want to buy one cheap,take a look in our show win- :dow at the $3, $4 and $5hats which we are selling justfor a day or so for arr FRANKFORT, KY., Feb. 26. Repersentative Frank C. Greene, of Carroll county, threw a tremor into theHouse to-day when he charged thatcertain House committees had beenappointed for the purpose of throttling the will of the people of the Stateat large and that ceKain known lobbyists and politicians iiad a hand in themake-up of various r'ommittees. This,he said, he considered dishonest, explaining that hem t.de the statementafter due consideration. He said hewould rather suffer suspension thantake bacg any part of his statement.Representative "Walton, of Lexington, asked Mr. Greene if he was ina position to prove his charges, andthe latter replied that he was willing jto cite the specific ins Lances to whichhe referred to the House "lobbyprobe" committee, of which Mr. Walton is a member, or he would give theinformation to the public.The charges of Mr. Greene weremade during a debate on whether hisbill looking to the abolition of theState Fish and Game Commissionshould be given a second reading andplaced in the House calendar despitean adverse report on the measure bythe House Committee on Fish 'andGame.R. B. Hutchcraft, of Bourboncounty, a member of the Fish andGame Committee, asked Mr. Greenewhether he meant to reflect upon hishonesty, and Mr. Greene replied intkH? rm"IBill Come and buy one whilethey last.n(Continued on Page Four.)JIMitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckyHenderson, Who He Wounded Dies From Injuries atLexington HospitalLAREDO, TEX., Feb. 26. UnitedStates Consul Garrett and S. J. Hill,of Laredo, brother-iu-iaw of ClementeVergara, were expected to reach thescene of Vergara's execution by Mexican Federals n.ear Hidalgo, Mexico,to-day.The Consul's visit i,o Hidalgo to-daywas largely toformally demand thatVergara's body be surrendered to thefamily for burial. Opposition to thiswas not expected, for at! last reportsthe body was still hanging to a treeand the Mexican troops had not denied the mannner of his death.Personal responsibility for Vergara'sdeath, however, hardly will be fixeduntil in pxtpmsive investigation ismade. Demand for the bodymade.delinquent act may be construed asan act which tended to the charge ofdelinquency."The continued unpleasant publicity resulting from a trial and mentalanxiety under such conditions inducedhis council to advise a plea of thecharge made.SHOT TO DEATH.Convict Who Attempted to Escape isKilled By Guard.SHELBYVILLE, KY., Feb. 26.Will Dean, colored, of Winchester,was shot to death on a. Chesapeake &Ohio train this morning, between Lexington and Shelbyville, by Policemanwill be ! Ballard, also of Winchester.Dean was one of the eight negroeswho were en route from Clark countyWASHINGTON, Feb. 26. The to the Eddyville penitentiary and BalAmerican government to-day was ex i lard was one of the guards,erting every influence at its disposal I Dean in some manner got hold ofto obtain from Gen. Villa the surren-' a pistol from a friend on the trainder of the body of William S. Benton, i and, armed with the weapon, made athe British subject recently executed . break for liberty,it TnarP7 According to reports he attemptedto intimidate tne guarus ana was kiu-. - . , ,-.EDLH3!!!nniniiijtxiiLiii;jri;(iHiniiiiiiiii tniiiinininuMninf imhh iMIiliH;:1lMH2Hi;llUMTI!mIUIlInurrTWIW;,-Sa&3itK&CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.9 5No reply had been received to tneinstructions sent to Consul Letcher'yesterday to find Benton's grave, andSecretary Bryan was surprised byed by Officer Ballard as a last resort.Ballard in the course of his officiallife has killed some four or five men,,. Ai u n.mtoH villa n snv- One of them was the murderer ofuews uuuaiVUCQ w . . . .in? Rpntnn was buried in Chihuahua Chief of Police John larpy, or winCity. Chester. ,James J. Curtis, the Tenth streetsaloon keeper, who shot and woundedReuben Henderson, a negro, from theeffects of which he died at the St Joseph Hospital, in Lexington, yesterday morning, was arrested yesterdayafternoon on a charge of murder andwas committed to jail. He was takeninto custody at his home on Tenthstreet.The warrant against Curtis wassworn to at the instance of CountyAtorney George Batterton, after hehad received the information of thedeath of Henderson. The warrantwas executed by Patrolman JamesMoreland, who served the former warrant against Curtis charging himwith shooting and wounding with in-1tent to kill. The previous warrantwill be dismissed and he will be triedupon the latter charge.The charge against Curtis is a serious one, and no bail will be granted Iuntil he has his examining trial,which will be held in the county courtbefore Judge C. A. McMillan. Thedate for the examination has. notbeen set, but will be announced later, j !Henderson Dies In Hospital. SksSJl 5was shot and wounded by James J.Curtis, a saloonkeeper, on the nightof Friday, February 13, died at the,St. Joseph Hospital, in Lexington, yes-;terday morning wheie he has been un-jder treatment since the shooting. 'The trouble, which resulted in Henderson being wounded occurred inCurtis' saloon on Tenth street. Thebullet passed entirely through hisbody. There were a number of witnesses to the affair, all of whomwere summoned before Judge E. B.January in police court, where Curtiswas arraigned on a tnarge of shootingwith intent to kill.Henderson was found a short timeafter the shooting in the yards of theLouisville and Nashville railroad. Hewas rushed to the St. Joseph Hospitalin Lexington, where he received treatment. Owing to the nature of the woundlittle hopes were entertained for hisrecovery. Several days ago periton-! itis set in when it was known that hecould survive but a short time. Hisremains were brought to this city forburial yesterday.BIG BARGAINSTo Close Out Balance of Winter GarmentsWe Make the Following Prices:$ 7.50 Ladies' Coats, now $ 2.9510.00 Ladies' Coats, now r 3.9515.00 Ladies' Coats, now 5.9520.00 Ladies' Coats, now25.00 Ladies' Coats, now35.00 Ladies' Suits, now25.00 Ladies' Suits, now20.00 Evening Capes, now.15.00 Evening Wraps, now:5.00 Rain Coats, now.7.50 Rain Coats, now.10.00 Rain Coats, now...20.00 Silk Dresses, now.7.959.9515.0010.005.005.003.755.756.757.75to9EXTRA SPECIALGirls' end Misses' Suits, Suitable for Girls 1 31 7 years, $16.50 to $20.00 Grades, now$7e50 EachCome in and Look at These BargainsFREE A New Ladies' Home Journal Pattern during the week of1 February 23 to February 28, 1 914! FRANK & Cwniimimiiimirnramirai.siiiiiimimmmmiftmmmM$$&3i!f9 ibWMifflM IMdlS-.-1 -J b. ' it,wA. j - -..., r-4?. J- '4--Vw.THE BOURBON, NEWS, PAWS, KENTOCKY. FEBRUARY 27, 1914"lam an old man and many of my troublesnever Iiappened." -ELBERT HUBBARDTHE white hair and wrinkled faces of our busy men and women tellof doubt, fear and anxiety more than disease or age. Worry playshavoc with the nervous system so that digestion is ruined and sleeplavished. What oil is to the friction of the delicate parts of an engineEJEBCE'SColdeMBM3IfedleM Hiseery3a ; the delicate organs of the body. It's a tonic and body builder because it'Simulates the liver to vigorous action, assists the stomach to assimilate food thus.catching the blood, and the nerves and heart in turn are fed on pure rich blood.JNeuralgia "is the cry of starved nerves for food." For forty years "GoldenJCftdical Discovery" in liquid.form has given great satisfaction as a tonic and&ktod3naker.JVbio it can be obtained in tablet form from dealers in medicineor send 50 ofle-cent stamps for trial box. Write R. V.Pierce,BufTal6.IR. FESSCS'fJ PI3AGA3TT PEXEJZTSESelicTeconaiitlon, reflate the liver,rind boT""'. "V to talko a candy.The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postofflce as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FndayGIRLSITHICKEN ANDBEAUTIFY YOUR HAIRBring Sack Is Gioss, Lustre, Charmand Get Rid of DandruffProtect Your HomeAnd Safeguard Your Family and Valables by InstallingHOME TELEPHONEInstant connection with Fire and Police Departments and2U000 other Telxphones in Paris and Bourbon County.Call our Gontract Department to-day.Lolal and Long Distance ServiceIDe Paris fiome telephone ana Cekgrapb Co.(Incorporated)&&&$&&??3rtBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest, shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatesADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.NEWSPAPERS ASSIST INSEARCH FOR PULP WOODSTo be possessed of a head of heavybeautiful hairr soft, lustrous, fluffy,wavy and free from dandruffis merelya matter of using a little Danderine.It is easy and inexpensive to havenice, soft hair and lots of it. Just get25-cent bottle of Knowlton's Danderine now all drug stores recommendit apply a little as directed and within ten minutes there will be an appearance of abundance, freshness,flufriness and an incomparable glossand lustre, and try as you will youj 5 J X ... .-P HnMri Mil fr r v r Lcannot una u. Lru.ue ujl ucmui uu. auufalling hair; but your real surprisewill be after about two weeks' use,when you will see new hair fine anddowny at first yes but really newhair sprouting out all over yourscalp Danderine is, we believe, theonly sure hair grower, destroyer ofdandruff and cure for itchy scalp, andit never fails to stop falling hair atonce.If you want to prove-how pretty andsoft your hair really is, moisten acloth with a little Danderine ana carefully draw it througn your hair taking one small strand at a time. Yourhair will be soft, giossy, and beautiful in just a few moments a delightful surprise awaits everyone whotries this. (adv)New Year's ResolutionsBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.The Best in the WorldmttiTheTheHiggin Ail-MetalScreens,Higgin AU-MetalWeather Strip.Distributors of the Walger NewcTWodel AwningThe Best Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris Massie" Hospital, A.J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others.Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought now for future delivery are fmade atcents per square foot cherper.T. A. Hendricks,Sales AgentPhone 2585 Lexington, Ky.23-sjgpt-tfA recent issue of the New Y,orkHerald is printed on paper fromwoods which have not been used heretofore for news print paper.The sheet which newspaper readers hold in their hands each day ismade of wood. If one looks closelythe little wood fibers can be seen,especially in the margins where printing does not obscure them. The larger part of the wood so used is groundup, while some of it is reduced bythe action of chemicals. The chemical pulp has the longer fibers and acertain proportion of it is added tothe ground wood to give the finishedpaper the required toughness .Spruce the Best Pulp Wood.Spruce, abundant in the New England and Lake States and in Canada,hs heretofore been the stndard woodfor making news print an'd as long asthere is a supply sufficient to meet theneeds of the paper industry there isno reason to seek substitutes. Butheavy inroads have been made onthe spruce 'forests of the western partof the United States in this day ofgreat circulations and large editions,especially of Sunday papers with theirmany parts. On a rough estimate, anewspaper with an average circulation of sixty thousand copies and anaverage edition of twenty pages, useseach day the product of about fouracres of forest. Wiien this figure ismultiplied by the great number ofnewspapers published in the UnitedStates, many of them with much larger editions, and when this is furthermultiplied by 365, because many papers are issued every day of the year,it can be seen that the drain uponthe forests is enormous. Foresterssay that even under the most approved methods known to their profession, it could scarcely be expectedthat spruce would be able to hold itsown, but would need supplementingby other material.It is. but natural, therefore, thatpaper manufacturers are looking fornew sources of supply which will furnish an abundance of wood pulp, at aprice which will not be prohibitive.Pnnlo nm1 ... .11.j. uyiai aim a. i.tsw ouierwooas areused, but they do not go very far.Forest Service Seeks New Woods.In the National forests there aremany woods considered inferior bylumbermen. Yet they are availablefor purchases at low rates and manyof the timber stands are readily accessible. The forest service, in itsdesireto utilize to the best advantageall of the resources of the federal timber hodings, has been seeking properuses for these trees and has experimented in making pulp from them atits pulp laboratory at Wausau, Wisconsin, an auxiliary of the forest prodNEWS' SPECIAL SO DAY RATEWITH THE LOUISVILLE POSTFor the next thirty days the Newswill offer to the people of this sectionthe Louisvlle Evening Post, the Farmand Home and this publication forone for $3.75. This extremely lowprice will be in force only' for thetime specified above. The EveningPost, which is one of the best independent daily newspapers in theSouth, has a regular subscriptionprice of $3.00 per year, the Farm andHome 50 cents, and the BourbonNews $2.00 per year, making thecost of the three papers at the regular price $6.00. The early subscriberwill be given the benefit of $2.75. Inmaking this clubbing rate it is understood that the .subscription to thePost will be sent by mail, and in nocase delivered to the subscribers bythe city carrier. All subscriptionsmust be sent toTHE BOURBON NEWS.Paris, Kentucky."A mean trick," ejaculated Patrolman Dobbins, after he was nearlydragged into a diving tank on thestage when he tried to eject a womanin a "rube" make-up from a . Broadway theatre, in New York."Show me how you did it," Assistant District Attorney Wasservogelasked Oscar Vogtv, on trial in NewYork for murder. Vogt seized a knifeand attacked Hie attorney and a nearriot ensued in the court room.HOW IS YOUR BOILER?It has been stated that a man'sstomach is his boiler, his body is hisengine, and his mouth is his fire-box.is your boiler (stomach) in good work-Thoughtful consumers of FUEL will resolve to obtain the hlg hestef ficlency for theirmoney during the year to come This meansthat they will useJ ox 3uc?treCoalj"THE FUELWITHOUT A FAULT."Dodon & DentonThe Home f Good Coalrards, South Main St.Both Phones 140Q&sSSZQfesfesstf&ogSSaaBNSICANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.CC&9ggaWallPapcH, M. Hamilton!VeterinarianOffice at Butler's Drug Store,opp. Courthouse. Phones 261.Paris, Ky.(lOfeb-lmo)Mrs. J. H. Fuhrman's. Massage andCucumber CreamOn Sale atVarden's Drag StoreLack of a sense of humor in hisboss caused L. L. Hunter, a city engineer of Chicago, to lose his $2,000 job.Hunter wrote a humorous skit on hisEstimatesFurnished onJobs Completesau laboratory is equipped with standam machinery and all experimentsare carried out under conditionswhich duplicate commerical practice.As a final test of the value of someof these new woqds under practicalconditions, arrangements were madebetween the forest service -and theHerald to print some part of its edition on paper made from variouswoods that showed promise as substitutes for spruce. These woodsground at the Wausau laboratory; theproduct was then mixed with the usual portion of chemical pulp and madeinto news print paper, rolls of whichwere sent to New York for the experimental run.Need of Practical Test.The new woods must fulfill- manyconditions as to "color, finish andstrength. In these trial runs, most ofthe paper is made from various western firs, which show considerablepromise, but the investigators do notconsider their tests complete untilthey have subjected the paper tp act-pnuuug uonuiuons. rney growing order or is it so weak that it will superior officer, who couldn't see thenot stand a full load and not be able i joke.to supply the needed energy to yourengine (body)? If you have anytrouble with yonr stomach Chamberlain's Tablets will do you good. Theystrengthen and invigorate the stomach and enable it to do its wok naturally. Many very remarkable curesof stomach trouble have been effectedby them. For sale by all dealers.(Feb.) (adv)3 Handsome Lineg of Samples.g Telephone 781g I Solicit Your Tradef .9OI ALBERT JONESj Oct 3 tf9scaqoPooeftfTHE MARCHWOMAN'SHOME COMPANION.5ymt&n,The March Woman's Home Companion contains a review of the workalready done by that publication inyear and which its Better Babies Buwhich it has been carrying on for ayear and which its Better Zabies Bureau under the direction of AnnaSteese Richardson is to carry on during the coming year. One hundredthousand babies have already beenucts laboratory at Madison. The Wau-1 examined at contests and hundredsftmKitltMHtMHHf QGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIBECT0H AND LICENSED EMBALMEB.BOTH'PHONES DAI 137; NIGHT 299.FURSAND HIDESHIGHEST MARKET PRICE PAIDFOR RAW FURS AND HIDESWool on Commission. Write for pricelist mentioning this ad.JOHN WHITE & CO. SSSSSS.I1Pjmz&m,mtYmiualmrougnout the mountain ranges ofthe west, particularly in the PacificCoast States.In addition to their interest in finding new uses for little-used woods,federal forest officers naturally desireto keep the news-print paper manufacturing industry within the UnitedStates. They therefore seek to present the opportunity offered by manyof the woods on the National forests,where there is a cupply of cheapwood available for snany years tocome.Other woods have been tried forpulp by forest products laboratoryand other newspapers will make experimental runs of the paper.DON'T YOU BELIEVE ITSome say that chronic constipationcannot be cured. Do"': you believe it.Chamberlain's .Tablets have curedothers why not you? Give them atrial. They cost only a quarter. Forsale by all dealers.(Feb) (adv)of thousands of mothers have beenhelped by scientific suggestions as tohow to take care of children. TheCompanion has put the movement on ja sound basis and attracted to its isupport the most influential body of Imedical men in the country, the Amer-ican Medical Association. It has .standardized the Better Babies move-!ment by providing, free of charge, themost thoroughly scientific score-cards,wall charts, books of detailed instruction,' and all other needful literaturethat could be devised by experts, andinsisting that these be used in all contests. In other words, the BetterBabies Bureau has accomplished in ayear what a generation of scatteredendeavor could not have brought! about. And the rnovement is stillyoung!Other valuable articles in the MarchCompanion are: "Why Fifty WomenGo to Church," by Bruce Barton,author of last month's article entitled "Why Fifty Women Do Not Go toChurch;" "The Importance of Play,"by Mary Heaton Vorse, another contribution by Mrs. Vorse in her seriesdescriptive of the Liontessori methodof education; and "Our Struggles fora Home and How it Brought Happiness as a By-Produc:," by an anonymous , contributor.Grace Margaret Gould, fashion editor, devotes fourteen pages to a highlyentertaining and beautifully illustrated report of spring fashions. The department includes a dozen or moreseparate contributions on a variety ofsubjects. Miss' Gould's underlayingidea is that women can and shouldbe fashionable without going in forthe extravagances and extremes ofstyle, and she shows practically andsuccessfully just how women can attain this end.J Fiction is contributed by Molly El-i liot Seawell, Juliet Wilbor Tompkins,Katherine Holland Brown, Zona Gale,Mabel Martin Dill and Sophie KerrUnderwood. Special art and musicfeatures are included 'and the regular.!Young People's Cooking and Housekeeping departments are up to theirusual high standard.CfooicuFor years we have been stating in the newspapers of thecountry that a great many women have escaped serious operations by .taking Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and it is true.We are permitted to publish in this announcementextracts frorn the letters of five women. All have beenrecently received unsolicited. Could any evidence bemore convincing?Hodgdon, Me. "I had pains in both sides and such, a sorenessI could scarcely straighten up at times. My back ached and I"was so nervous I could nob sleep, and I thought I never would boany better until I submitted to an. operation, but I commenced takinglydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and soon felt like a new"woman." Mrs. Hayward Sowers, Hodgdon, Me.9 Charlotte, K C "I was in bad' health, for two years, with.pains in both sides and was very nervous. I had a growth.yhich the doctor said was a tumor, and I never would get well unlessI had an operation. A friend advised me to take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and I gladly say that I am now enjoyingfine health.5' Mrs. Rosa Siais, 16 Winona St., Charlotte, K C.O Hanover, Pa. " The doctor advised a severe operation, but myhusband got me Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and Iexperienced great relief in a short time. Xow I feel like a new personand can do a hard day's work and not mind it." -Mrs. Ada Wh-t,196 Stock St., Hanover, Pa.A Decatur, III. "I was sick in bed and three of the best physi" cians said I would have to be taken to the hospital for an operation as I had something growing in my left side. I refused to submit to tho operation and took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Coinpound and it worked a miracle in my case, and I tell other womenwhat it has done for me." Mrs. Laura A. Griswold, 2300 Blk. Eist"William Street, Decatur, HI.C Cleveland, Ohio. "I was very irregular and for several yearsmy side pained me so that I expected to have to undergo an operation. Doctors .said thev knew of nothing thnf.would help me. I took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and I became regular and freefrom pain. ' I am thankful for such a good medicine and will always give it the highest praise."Mrs. C. H. Griffith, 7303 Madison Av., Cleveland, O.faWrite to LYDIA E.PINKHAH MEDICINE CO.WW (COimDENTIAL) LYNN, MASS., fcr advice.Yonr letter will be opened, read and answeredWW ?. fXTtxm fl.TI JVnrl VlAlrl -it 0t?W- nnnfiflannag-rirSTjvQiTfO)?fcg3RSJsi,j w .. .M MMW vv i UUA.J.VU VUiUUVUVW XvSJa. esTnkhaMumk kjK--"ihIVi't -J , -,vi-,-., t-'; "" .-lf ' .'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEBRUARY 27 1914T.- 4 J ?FOREST NOTES.Many Forest Fires But Welltrolled.Con-During 1913 the forces on the National forests fought 4,520 fires, or..iriv twice as many as started in1912, the hest year the forests havejwas incendiaryism, but this increaseeer had.Fire Damage Kept Down.against 424 which started on outsideareas in 1912. However, the proportion of such fires to all those whichthe service battled with was about thesame for 1912 and 1913.Incendiary Fires.The other increased cause of firesinwas confined to three States, Arkansas, California and Oregon, all othersshowing a marked decrease. Of theNotwithstanding the great increase 452 incendiary fires, 128 were in Ariho number of fires, Forester kansas, 133 in California and 142 in"raves considers that the showing Oregon, where two brothers were"ide by the forest service was quite known to have set 72 on one forest3 favorable as that in the preceding alone. These two and other incen"tar because the damage done and daries were, of course, severely dealtr- cost of fire fighting were no with by the law. On the Arkansas,-rfmtfr uroporaonaieiy man in yi. "., v, n, uaa uwu assmueu iiiai'"" " "a o v,iwbcu uuuer me generalheading of "origin unknown" weremainly incendiary. In California theincendiary fires are largely attributable to what in known as the "lightburning theory," which advances theargument that forests should be burned over frequently to prevent the accumulation of debris. The forestservice considers this a pernicioustheory becauseit scars the standing timber and thus reduces its value; it robs the forest soil of its ability to retain moisture, and effectuallyprevents the reproduction of the forest, since such fires destroy all treeseedlings before they have a chanceto get a good start... .ii. ..ofa rTjitirnllv RO ncr ppntjH DOL11 jcu.i t".w.w..j ww t'- ..ct all fires were defected and extinguished before burned over a quarterf an acre, and 25 per cent, of bothears fires were put out before theycoCered 10 acres. Of last year's fires,j78, or considerably more than thewhole number of fires in 1912, wereconfined to areas of less than 10acres and in l,08y additional fireslees than $100 damage was done byeach In onlv 25 fires did tne damageamount to 1,000.The aggregate loss in timber is estimated at near 29 million board feet,ahied at 82,000, and the damage tovoung growth and forage is estimated at about $110,000, making a total of about $192,000. About 18 percent, of this loss, nowever, was incurred on private lands, within theforests where 16 per cent, of the fires:;ad their origin. iCare With Engines Increasrng.One encouraging feature is thatt;e total number of fires set by railroad locomotives was scarcely more'ban in the preceeding year and represented only 12 per cent, of all fires,as against nearly 19 per cent in 1912;Iso the proportion eet by sawmillsnH ntlior entrines in the woods wasconsiderably less than in 1912. This e general puoiic.indicates very plainly, Mr. Graves Last vear as in 1912, California led- that the nublic is awakenine to ' a11 others in number of fires, thisthe need of spark arresters and care '. lead being natural because Californianas sucn a long ary season, it wasfollowed by Arkansas, Arizona andOregon, in the order named. Kansas,Lightning Caused Most Fires.In 1912, lightning caused more firesthan any other agency, followed closely by railroads, campers and incendiaries, in the order given. In 1913,however, the fires caused by lightningoutnumbered the next nearest causeby more than three to one, but theorder railroads, campers and incendiaries remained 'the same as in 1912.A considerable decrease in the proportion set by railroads and campersindicates, according co forest officers,a growing carefulness on the part ofof small Are damage during 1913, andthis hope kept up until the middle ofSeptmber, when the fire season on theNational forests ordinarily is aboutat an end. At that time there wasless damage than ever before recorded, and only 2,260 fires asagainst 2,470 in 1912, with about 60,000 acres burned as compared with230,000 in 1912, and 780,000 in 1911.At the end of the month, however,the electrical storms in California andone or two outbreaks of incendiaryism changed the whole' situation.But even in the face of these difficulties, the fire-fighting force, with itsplans and experience from precedingyears, was able, to cope with the situation. In California, in particular, itwas as if a military leader, represented by the district forester at SanFrancisco, was , holding, with a comparatively small number of men or amere skirmish force, a line of defenseextending 750 miles ;n a north andsouth direction. This force received,as if from an attack by the heavy artillery of an opposing army, the election etrimn ffonorollv iinaninmnQnioflby rain, which played havoc all alcne; Xthe Sierras and the Coast RanerpThat the California force was able tocope with the situation was, according to Mr. Graves, an evidence of theefficiency of the men and the organization. NOTES.Jffffffffffffftfffffffffff W&VWWWVm1wmmmwVmmVmVWVVW WWWwWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWI EXCELSIOR IZ MODEL 7-C sessst ' rMinnesota has a forest area of 28million acres, the largest of any Stateeast of the Rock Mountains.! We will have in Paris a Full Stock all Models. We Sell ft -rope, Jt lying marsnaii ana May ton.with engines in the woodsCauses cf Increase in FiresLooking for the reason of the increase in number qf fires, the Forester finds three main reasons:First of all, the unprecedented electric storms which swept the wholewhich had only one fire in 1912, escaped without any in 1913. North Dakota repeated its record of 1912 andhad no fires on its one small forest.Not a single severe are occurred dur-img tne year m District 4, winch in-State of California at the end of a j boundaries, vet the area burned overlong dry season and set, almost sim- j 0n these private lands was more thanultaneously, about 700 fires. The 804 ; 25 per cent, of all. The forest serines set by lightning in California : Vjce expended more than $30,000 intormed nearly 50 per cent, of all the protecting the private lands within1,628 fires on the National forests of . the forests and lands adjacent to andthe State from all causes, and were I outside of the forests. In addition tomore than half of the 11,571 light- this cost, services and supplies to thening-set fires in all the 21 States re- j Vaue of more than 517,000 were conporting, 'tributed by co-operators for fire-fight-Inthe second place, there were ing Qn these areas.757 fires -started outside the forests, ei-.- r eri ean-..,.. , , , ,, r'res Came at End of season,of which 644 were stopped by thegovernment's fire fighters before they In the middle of the fire season, thatreached the forest: boundaries, as is in July, the service had high hopesThere are approximately four mil-jlion acres of timber land in NewHampshire of which about half is in 'farmers' wood-lots. jForest fires in the United Stateshave caused an average annual loss of ,70 human lives and the destruction of25 million dollars worth of timber.Juniper from the Indian reservations of New Mexico and Arizonamay prove an excellent source of mamaterial for lead pencils. Manufacturer are searching the worldfor pencil woods.Canada has established a forest j dy has, been a welcome and neededproducts laboratory in connectio.i j guest in our home for a number ofwith McGill University at Montral, on j years. I highly reccommend it to mythe lines of the Uni:ed States institu- j fellows as being a medicine worthytion of the same sort at the Univers-1 of trial in cases of colds, coughs, andity of Wisconsin. Remedy a trial and we are confidentTree planting on National forests j croup." Giv e Chamberlain s CoughThe Joseph Candioto Co.151-1 53-1 55 North Broadway, Lexington, Ky.Supplies of all kinds.MINISTER ENDORSES CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDYRev. James A. Lewis, Milaca, Minn, jwrites: "Chamberlain's Cough Reme-'fIoBighas to be confined to comparativelyshort intervals in the Spring and Fall.In" Spring it starts hen the snowmelts and stops when the drying outof the ground; in the Fall it comesbetween the Fall rains and first snowfall.Obese tangoists ruined the plastering in the home of a prominent Huron, O., citizen, where dancing lessonswere taught. They will pay for thedamage according to weight."Ten days," said Judge Appleton,in the New York City Court, and Oscar Ray, convicted as a masher, fellunconscious on the floor of the courtroom.you will find it very effectual and con-,tinue to use it as occasion requiresfor years to come, as many ouiers mhave done. For sale by all dealers.(Feb.) (adv)I Clearance Sale IIS0Eecause he lold purchasers of city 2lots that they were only fifteen min-utes walk, when in reality they wereeight miles away, P. M. Daniel, Jr., a JNew York City real estate man, was, qconvicted of larceny. i 2INow Going OnfW wbbb iii iif iiibmmimu i ! inMaaiMM ag eh '"g ,aHHHMHVLinen pantalettes, modified hoopskirts and mannish coats, vests andhigh collars are among the startlingfeatures of spring fashions for womenshown by the French costumers.999SsBig Cut on AllWinter Goodse honestly believe we have the best remedy in the world for indigestionand dyspepsia. We urge you to try it at our risk. If it doesn't relieveyou as we feel sure it will we'll give back your money without a word.You know us your family druggist. You know we wouldn't dare recommend anything we didn'tknow about, nor dare to break a promise. Therefore, when we recommend any remedy it is becausewe believe it to be better than any other to relieve the ailment for which it is made, and when weprove our faith in it and our sincerity toward you by promising to give back your money if itdoesn't relieve you and in every way satisfy you, you have no possible excuse for doubt or hesitation.are, we honestly believe, the best remedy made for Indigestion, Dyspepsia and allother Stomach IllsWe Know They're Bood Belays Are DangerousYou Risk Ho MoneyTwinSeventh and Main Sts., Pris, Ky.L. dc N. TIME-TABLirEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Eexall Dyspepsia Tablets, in additionto other ingredients, contain Pepsin andBismuth, two great digestive aids used bythe entire medical profession. Theysoothe the inflamed stomach, check theheartburn and distress, stimulate ahealthy secretion of the gastric juice,aid in rapid and comfortable digestionof the food and help to quickly convertit into rich red blood, and thereby intoflesh, bone and muscle. They relievestomach distress promptly, and, usedregularly for a short time, tend to restore the stomach to a comfortable,easy-acting, healthy state. They aidgreatly to promote regular bowel action.Don't neglect indigestion, for it frequently leads to all sorts of ills and complications. The pain and discomfort isnot the most unfortunate part. The factthat when the stomach is not actingright, the material needed to repair thewastes that are constantly taking placein the body is not being given to the bloodeither in the proper condition or fastenough is far more serious. Nothingwill cause more trouble than an unhealthystomach. The blues, debiHty, lack ofstrength and energy, constipation, biliousness, headaches and scores of otherserious ailments result from the failureof the stomach to properly do its work.Our willingness to have you use RexallDyspepsia Tablets entirely at our riskproves our faith in them. We alwayssell them this way, and it is becausewe know that they have greatly benefited scores of sufferers to whomwe have sold them. There's no redtape about our guarantee. It meansjust what it says. We'll ask you noquestions. You needn't sign anything.Your word is enough for us. We knowthat when they help you you will consider it money well spent even if theyhad cost you ten times as much. If theydon't help you, the money you paid forthem is yours, and we want you to have it.Sold only at the more than 7,CC0 Rexall Stores tho World's Greatest Drug Stores. In convenient boxes three sizes: 25c, 50c, $1.006. S. YARDEN &SONParis, KentuckyTrains Jk.rri-veNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5:21 am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 5:18 &-29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y ,7:35am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 an40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:42 am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily 9:38 am.3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10:20 am-12 Lexington, Ky., Daily ; 10:15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12: 00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:10 pme9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. 3:15 pro.138 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:33 pm;38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:30 pn5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5:35 pn39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6:18 pn'32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:23pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily x.. 10:50pkTrains IDe-peirt-No. TO34 Cincinnati, O., Daily 5:28 anv4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:35 am7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday :... 7:50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9:43 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9:45 am33 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily 10:29 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:27 am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily 12:05 pm26. Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12 : 04 am13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday - 3 : 33 pm. .38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3:40 p9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:56 pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:58 pw32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6:28 pm-8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:25 p30 Cynthiana. Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:40 pa31 Lexington. Ky., Daily 10:55pm131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:57pmTrains .AurrrveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:40r4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ....;.;.'....; 5:50"pfTrains IDeart ,wNo. 'TO1 , Frankkfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8: 30 as.3 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .v 6:25 pepJ4 - '-. 4 -.?."; -!.p.y.t' .L ',-VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., FEBRUARY 27, 1914LI-IROYALBKiN6 PowderZs the Housewife9 sGreatest Help.WHAT so tempting to thelaggard appetite as alight, flaky, fruit short cake ora delicate hot biscuit?Royal makes the perfect, short cake, biscuit and muffin,and improves the flavor andhealthf ulness of all risen flourfoods. It renders the biscuit, hotbread and short cake more digestible and nutritious, at thesame time making them moreattractive and appetizing.Royal Baking Powder is indispensable for the preparationall the year round of perfectfoods.METHODS TO CONTROLBLIND STAGGERS.Which Is Causing the Death of Thousands of Horses.1STILL DELIRIOUS BUTRECOVERY IS EXPECTEDA dispatch from Paintsville, Ky.,says that while John C. C. Mayo continues delirious his physician, Dr."Wilkerson, of Cincinnati, declaresthat his ultimate recovery is assured.He says that Mr. Mayo may continuedelirious for several days. As soonas this has passed away and the mindof Mr. Mayo has cleared up he will betaken to a hospital in Cincinnati forfurther treatment. Dr. Wilkerson attributes the delirium to uraemicpoisoning, which is a development ofBlight's disease.Dr. "Wilkerson repeated his assurance that unless some complicationnot now anticipated Cevelops that Mr.Mayo is cetain to recover.FEBRUARY AND MARCH SALEOne of our specials duringour bigsale is a child's beautiful white cribbed 'at ?3.75.(27-tf) A. F. WriEELER &CO.STUNG!There was a man who loved his beesTo them he was a friend;He used to sit upon the hives,But they stung him in the end!MOLLYCODDLELAXATIVESCa Hot aid Do Not Touch the liverThey may clear out th.e intestinal tract,bat do not relieve the dammed-up bile."Tears ago May Apple Boot (caUed Po4ophyllin) was a last-resort bile starter.It griped fearfully, but brought out thebile. Podophyllin with the gripe taken-eat is now to be had under the nameFor Sale by All Druggists.LARD!The Purest andthe Besti All Some Rendered10-Pound Cans - $140 jj50-PotHHi Cans, - $650 jBaldwin IBros.,Ranis, KentuckyBoth Phones32DEATHSNORMAN.Mr. Scott Norman died Tuesdayofterncon about 4:30 o'clock at theMassie Memorial Hospital, where hehad been under treatment for Bright'sdisease.Mr. Norman was a resident of theHutchison neighborhood and is survived by his wife and several children. The body was taken to the undertaking establishment of George W.Davis, and was later removed to hishome. The funeral arrangementshave not been made.The funeral services were held yesterday morning at 10 o'clock at theundertaking establishment of G. W.Davis, and the remains were interredin the Paris cemetery.1TH0IILCORNISH ROWE.The marriage of Miss Virgil Cornish and Mr. J. Q. Rowe was quietlysolemnized at the residence of Rev.W. L. Brock, the oiliciating minister,in Lexington, in the presence of afew relatives, Wednesday afternoonat 4:30 o'clock.The bride was becomingly attiredin a handsome traveling suit of greencloth with hat to match. She is thedaughter of Mr. and Mrs. T. f. Cornish, of Payette county, and Mr. Roweis a prominent farmer of Bourboncounty. After the ceremony theyleft for a short trip.after which theywill reside in Bourbon county.SHIELDS COOK.Mr. William CowK and Miss Myrtle Shields, both of Lexington, weregranted a marriage license yesterdayafternoon by County Clerk PearcePaton. They were married by JudgeC. A. McMillan, in his private officein the court house.:Miss Nannie F. Bramel and Mr.C. D. Wright, both of this county, obtained a marriage license Wednesdayfrom County Clerk Pearce Paton.Being a fanatic may be merely oneof the steps to success.A man has no use for a woman whofeels sorry for his wife.ADD DEATHSWillie McCarty, the three-we'eks-oldson of Mr. and Mrs. Clarence McCarty, residing on thefarm of Mr.Charlton Clay on the Winchesterpike, died Thursday morning at 4:30o'clock. The retnains will be interredin Paris cemetery this afternoon at2 'o'clock.W. A. WALLEN ELECTED TOCOUNCIL FROM SECOND WARDAt the meeting of the City Councillast night Mr. W. A. Wallen waselected as a member of the Councilfrom the Second ward to succeed Dr.William Kenney, wlio a few weeksago tendered his resignation to become effective March 1.The election of Mr. Wallen was bythe unanimous vot of the Counciland was made upon the motion ofCouncilman Parrish, who favored aunanimous vote of the Councilmen atthe session. Mr. Wallen, who will assume his chair at the next meetingwas a candidate for the Democraticnomination at the primary electionheld in August, but was one of thedefeated candidates. He is one of thebest known business men in the cityand will make an excellent official.There was little other than the, routine business before the board. TheTemplin Lumber Company was granted a permit to construct a two-storyframe house on South Main street, between Twelfth and Thirteenth streeas.WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 26. Inpast years horses have died by thethousands in Texas, Iowa, Kansas andNebraska from a disease affecting thejnervous system, particularly knownas blind staggers or forage poisoning.The Department of Agricultnre has received urgent requests for helpJagainst this disease from 15 differentStates, and as a result it is now publishing a bulletin containing definiteinstructions for combatting this disease. The States that appealed to the Department of Agriculture for assistanceinclude the following:Colorado, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Missouri, Nebraska,New Jersey, Neorth Carolina, Oregon,South Carolina, South Dakota, Virginia, West Virginia.This shows the universality of thediesase. Kansas and Nebraska borethe brunt of the affliction during thepast year, but other States have alsosuffered seriously. Kansas has hadmore than her share. Severe outbreaks extended over almost the entire State in 1891 and since that datehave recurred with equal severity ontwo occasions in various portions ofthe State.The bulletin takes aotice of thefact that additional deaths have undoubtedly been due to the use of fake"cures" sold by unscrupulous persons.It is reported that in Nebraska "blackleg vaccine" was used on a tleast 1,G00 unaffected horses, nearly 1,500 ofwhich are said to have died as a direct result.Investigators have practically established that this horse disease canbe controlled effectively only by a total change of feed and forage. It isquite obivious that there is a directconnection between the green forage,exposed pasturage and new-cut hay orfodder which the horses eat, and thisCerebrospinal Meningitis, as the disease is known to scientists. In fact,eating of such forage when contaminated is undoubtedly the most important cause. Over 95 per cent, of casesof this disease in Kansas and Nebraska during the outbreak of 1912were maintained under such conditions.Great care must be taken thathorses do not obtain the dangerousforage unknown to their owners Theowner oi one iarm liiLurmeu uit; department's investigator that his deadhorses had eaten nothing but old hayand grain."But what about the closely-croppedgrass in this pasture?" remarked theinvestigator, noticing the adjacentfield."Oh!" answered the farmer innocently, "I always turn the work-horsesinto the pasture over night."Many horses have died from blindstaggers caused from eating baledhay. As soon as the hay was eliminated the disease ceased. Otherhorses in the vicinitj not fed uponthis hay failed to contract this disease. Later some of the moldy baleswere opened and exposed to the sunfor three or four weeks. After thisthe hay was fed to horses withoutproducing any ill effect. Forage poisoning, therefore, seems not to be aninfection but rather what is called"auto-intoxication" that is, it is dueto certain chemical poisons or toxinsformed by the activity of internal organism. These poisons may be present when the forage is taken into thebody or may be formed in the stomach. The nature of this poison is stillunknown.Characteristic Symptoms of This Disease. When the horse is taken with theblind staggers it usually exhibits adisturbance of the appetite, depression and weakness) while there istrouble in swallowing, drooping ofthe head and sleepiness which maygive way to excitement and attacksof dizziness. The vision is impared,which results in the staggering gaitthat gves the disease its popual name.Certain muscles of the neck andflanks are cramped and there is agrinding of the teeth. Sometimes theanimal has pains as though it wereafflicted with colic. The animal willwalk strangely if in an open space andwill try to push through any obstacleit encounters. In the stable he willpress his head against the stall orrest it on the mangers Sometimeshe will crowd into a corner. Thetemperature at the Beginning of thedisease ranges from 103 to 107 degrees F., but within 24 hours thetemperature falls and eventually becomes subnormal. The animal is often down on the second or third dayand may or may not get up whenurged. Death usually occurs in fromfour to eight days, although deathmay follow within ten hours of thefirst symptoms, while chronic cases,have been known to last for threeweeks. About 90 per cent, of theaffected animals die. vMedical Treatment Generally Uusatisfactory. While medical treatment in thevast majority of cases has not broughtresults, neverthless if it is used at allit must be prompt and before thedisease has had time to run. The digestive tract shoulc be cleaned outthoroughly at once. Active and concentrated remedies should be given.Afflicted animals however, have greatdifficulty in swallowing immediatelyafter being taken, so that these remedies must generally be given by injection. Arecolin in one-half graindoses, subcutaneously, has given goodresults as a purgative. Early in thedisease urotropin in doses of 25 grainsdissolved in water and given by themouth every two hours, appears tohave been .responsible for the recovery of some cases of the malady.After the animal has been purged,the treatment varies according to thesymptoms. The following measureshave been recommended:The first and most important: Feedonly clean well-cured forage and grainand pure water.Calomel, salol and salicylic acid, todisenfect intestines.Mild antiseptic mouth-washes areadvisable.Copious cold-water injections if thetemperature is high, give better results than antipyretics. IAn ice pack applied to the head is;beneficial in the case of marked nervous disorder.One ounce doses of chloral hydrateper rectum should be given if the patient is violent or muscular spasmsare severe.If the temperature become sub-normal,the animal should be warmlyblanketed.If much weakness is shown thisshould be combated vith stimulants,such as strychnine, camphor, alcohol,atropm or armomc spirits of ammonia.During convalescence the usualtonic treatmnet is recommeded.The Department t Agriculture'sbulletin (No. 65)) is entitled "Cerebrospinal Meningitis (Forage Poisoning) and may be had on applicationto the Department of Agriculture.Washington, D. C.Wolf. WiliJtormarly jfjufmanj Straus dc Co.CALENDARS FOR 1915.We have made arrangements withthe Hayes Lithographing Co., of Buffalo, N. Y., to act as their agents inBourbon County. We have now readyfor display one of the handsomestlines of Calendars for 1915 that youever saw. We can save you at least20 per cent on your orders. Don'tgive them to a traveling agent comein or phone us and let us show youour line. The Hayes Co. is one ofthe largest in the world and theirwork is exquisite. Let us have yourorder and save you some money andat the same time make a little piecefor ourselves,(tf) BOURBON NEWS.She's a wise widow who nevershows how wise she is.GRAVE CHARGESMADE BY GREENEIN LOWER HOUSE(Continued From Page One.)the negative, adding that there wasno member of the House whom heheld in higher regard than he didMr. Hutchcraft.The motion of Mr. Green that hisbill be advanced was adopted by thevote of 45 to 41.The House Wednesday afternoontook up Perry's bill permitting theLouisville School Board to contribute1 cent of its tax revenue to the teachers' annuity fund, and it was passedunanimously without debate.Five petitions urging State-wideprohibition, two urging prohbition ofuse of armed guards and two .protesting against the bill to licensepharmacists without examination,were offered when the House convened at 10:05 Wednesday morning.Four new measures were introduced. Representative T. C. Greene, cfCarroll, introduced a joint resolutionto appropriate $20,000 for statute ofJefferson Davis, to be placed at theentrance of the Capitol. The Speaker and president of the Senate toname a commission to have charge ofthe erection.A joint resolution, providing forpaying $76 to the widow of WilliamCranes for her husband's services asspecial judge of the Breathitt CircuitCourt in the Hargis case in 1907, wascalled up by Representative Burton,who said Mrs. Cranes is in destitutecircumstances. It was referred to theAppropriations Commitee.Senator Frost's measure providingfor local option elections on a petition of 25 per cent, of the voters ofthe whole county was reported favorably by the House Committee on Alcohol and Liquor Traffic, and given itsfirst reeding. The measure passedthe Senate after a bitter fight. TheHouse Committee voted unanimouslyin favor of the bill.Upon motion of Senator Hall Wednesday the bill of Senator Speer, toestablish a budget system for Stateofficers, departments and institutions,was taken from the orders of the dayand placed upon its passage.The bill provides that a budgetcommittee of five members, composedof three Senators and two Reoresen-tatives, be selected to examine theaffairs of any department, institution,public works, commission or officerof the State, to ascertain facts andmake recommendations relative to increasing the efficiency and curtailingexpenses or the various offices.All State departments, institutions,commissioners and officers of theState shall, on or before the first dayof November, biemirally, report, onblanks furnished for such Durnnsfts.an estimate in itemized form to theGovernor, stating the amount of mon-fey needed for their wants for the be-ennial period beginning with the firstof July thereafter.The members of the nommiffPftshall receive a salary not to exceed?10 per day, together with travelingexpenses.Senator Huffaker exDressed th belief that the measure is unconstitutional, in that the members of thecommittee are to be selected fromthe Senate and House.As there was considerable doubt inthe minds of some of the Senatorsas to the constitutionality of themeasure, the bill was made a specialorder for Friday, to take per precedent over all other special orderspending at that time.A wrangle ensued when Representative Hutchcraft sought to get fromthe committee Representaive Hall'sbill relieving the restriction of residence of the Kentucky Normal andIndustrial Institute trustees. Representatives Saufley and Douglas declared that the sol purpose of themeasure is to oust the superintendent, who. though a negro, has been a'ifelong Democrat. The bill was act"?d on unfavorably by the committeeind was held up. At the suggestion-f Speaker Terrell the committee retired to frame its report on the bill.CORRECT SPRING STYLES IN tReaau-to-wear Garments IFOR WOMEN AND CHILDRENNew Spring SuitsOf Chiffon, Taffeta, Moire, Crepe Poplin andFrench Serge$17.50 to $85.00New Spring DressesOf Crepe de Chine, Soft Taffeta, Crepe Meteor, WoolCrepe and Lightweight Serge$8.00 to $50.00New Spring WaistsOf Crepe de. Chine, Charmeuse, Canton Crepe, Lace, Net,Chiffon and all the newest Cotton andLingerie MaterialsSilk Waists, $3.85 to $15.00Cotton Waists, $1.00 to $8,50itOoA Splendid Crepe de Chine Waist at $3.85Wonderful Cotton and Linen Waists at $1.00New Dress SkirtsOf fine Quality Chiffon, Taffeta, Crepe Meteor, 'SmartPlaids and Plain Woolens, all in the LatestRuffle and Three-Tier Effects$5.00 to $20.00uoifj Wile dt Co.3L esingtoiij KL 37-wtIMaMM&MMG&Ors-K'butferSIiilEto' ' BBKSS4fc,FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 26 After-vrangling all Tuesday afternoon overhe Cox bill, introduced with a view tostrengthening the fish and game lawsof the State, and after a score ofamendments had been voted uponrTHE ROPEPUT YOURONEY IN THENK OR YOU WILLBE LOST - ;"Procrastination is the thief of time." It is constantPUTTING OFF that gets a man in a fix like the one in thepicture "Going to stop wasting his money some day, someday." Don't YOU put off banking your money. MAKE ASTART begin now. Gome to our bank and start an accountWe will treat you courteously and take care to serve you wellMake OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OFCapital, $100,000.00. Surplus, $40,000.00.PARISl. M. HALL, PresidentC K. THOMAS.Cashierrecognize it, further action was post- quail proposition was 44 to 27. Thatponea in the House. The climax amendment was offered by Representee when an amendment providing ative J. W. Barrall, or Bullitt countv.mL? Zlafj?Sn!x -IT ? 0ne of the amendments adopted hyquail had been adopted, which, in ef- unanimaus vote provided that redfeet, put out of commission the game foxes could: not be lawfully killed atwardens and other machinery of the any time iuuyState Game and Fish Commission. while the bill was being torn toWhen this : was done, J. Qumcy Ward, pieces,- Representative Greene de-the executive agent of the Pish and manded to know of Speaker "TerrellPi?!,?018811' wn2 was back of b wna right Quincy Ward, of tnethe bill gave the word to its sup- Fish and Game Commission, was al-yuiters 10 Kill u it was pointed lowd incirto tha t,anha. inhhv-out that with a closed season on oiia.il.hunters would not care to take outlicenses, and therefore the revenuenecessary to meet the expenses ofthe commission would be' cut off.Previous to the postponement Representative Frank 'C. Greene, .of Car-joll county, tried to have the measuretaDiea. iis motion was voted down41 to 37. The vote on the closedwith the members.outside.Ward was on theMILK AND CREAM.If you want the freshest, richestand most sanitary milk and cream, "wehave it; bottled by C. R. White. Calleither phone 207. ,,27-2t) C. P. COOK & CO.-X- i V "-r I . . W ' rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KJENTUCRY, FEBRUARY- 27 1914,WJR-tPHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADE.'UCasrrBsx.'vw.wCLOVER SEEDoWe have highestcrrade of Red Clover,AJsike, ASfaSfa andTimothy Seed at rightprices. See us beforeplacing your order.Chas.S. Brent & Bro.30-tf Phones 1 4.ADMINISTRATOR OF ROBERTGAUNCE iS APPOINTED.SOCIAL MD PERSONALMrs. D. W. Peed is convalescentfrom a week's illness.. Mrs. C. B. McShane is undergoingtreatment at the Massie Memorial i week-endHospital.County Judge C. A. McMillan yesterday appointed Manuel Mattox administrator of the estate of the lateRobert Gaunce. He qualified withTaylor Feeback and W. T. Jones assureties.IRON. BEDSRead these prices and comparethem with others. Iron beds from$1.95 up to $22.00. Brassbeds $10.75up to $55.00. During our Februaryand March sale.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.RESIGNS TO ACCEPTposition in le;JNGTONMrs. C. A. McMilan has been illfor several days at her home on Stoner Avenue.Harry B. Clay, Jr., who has beensuffering from tetanus for the pasttwo weeks, is improving.Mrs. Lee Price, of this city, visited her son, Mr. John Price, at Center College, Danville, this week.Rev.W. E. Ellis returned Tuesdayfrom Louisville, and left Wednesdayafternoon for a short trip to Cincinnati. Mrs. T. A. McDonald left Mondayfor a visit to relatives in Parkersburg,W. Va., and Columbics and Chillicothe,Ohio.Mrs. C. C. Robbins, of Winchester, is ill at the home of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bramblette, onHigh street.Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, who hasbeen confined to, his home on Seventhstreet for several days with illness,is able to be out.Hiram Roseberry, Mr. Harmon Turner! "Mr. Jack Turney has recoveredfrom an attack of chickdnpox.Mrs. Rebecca Hughes is quite illat her home on Mt. Airy avenue.Miss Frances fihamn will cnmphome today from Kentucky Collegefor Women, at Danville, to spend theThe Ladies' Aid Society ' of thePresbyterian Church will hold an allday meeting in the parlors of thechurch on Tuesday, March 3.Mrs. Joe Head, of Ashland, wasoperated on Sunday at a Louisvillehospital. Mrs. Head is a sister ofMrs. E. M. Dickson and has manyfriends here.Miss Corinne Collins, who returned last week from Detroit, Mich.,while there took a three-weeks'course from an eminent dancing master in that city and will in a fewdays organize a dancing class and instruct in the tango, one-step, hesitation and maxixe.A news dispatch from Danvillesays: "The young ladies of Danvillewill give a dance at the Moose Hallthis week in honor of Miss MargaretBean, who, with her parents, are preparing to move to Bourbon county tomake their future iiome. Miss Beanis a niece of former Mayor W. O.Head, of Louisville."D. M. ROBINS TO 3ESPEAKER HERE SUNDAY.Mr. D. M. Robins, rtio was th6speaker at the meeting for men heldunder the auspices of the BourbonCounty Young Men's Christian Association March 1, will be in Parisagain next Sunday aatf will deliveran address at the Baptist Church at 3o'clock on the subject "The Hero ofBabylon."A large number of men were present before and were more than pleased with hi3 lecture,' and this striking subject should draw a large audience Sunday.Mr. John Kreiner will play the organ and Mr. A. H. Morehead will, leadthe singing. Some special music isalso planned.All men are cordially invited.NOTICE. TO CUSTOMERSBeginning March 1, I will discon?tinue the credit business. Pleasehave the amount, which is alwayssmall, ready when the goods are delivered. (27'2t) H. J. GROSCHEB "T K Thite goods in all the newest and prettiest ,m V V weaves.e63Miss Erie Henry, who for elevenyears has been the popular cashier atthe dry goods store of Frank & Co.,has resigned her position to accept aplace in Watson's dry goods house, onUpper street, in Lexington. Miss SueJordan, who also occupied a positionat Frank & Co's, has left to becomecashier in the Grosche bakery, onHigh street.NEW FRESH MEAT DEPARTMENTWe can supply you with the choicest cuts of beef and freshest of meats,at all times, from our Fresh Meat Department. (24-2t) KELLER GROCERY COHORSE RUNS AWAY ANDSLEIGH IS DEMOLISHEDA horse attached to a sleigh whichwas driven by Mr. Harmon Turnertook fright on South Main streetTuesday night, and ran away. Mr.Turner was thrown out of the sleigh,which was demolished when it strucka telephone pole be.veen Tenth andEleventh street. The frightened animal was caught at Tenth street.Neither Mr. Turner nor the horsewere hurt.NEW FRESH MEAT DEPARTMENTWe can supply you with the choicest cuts of beef and the freshest ofmeats, at all times, from our FreshMeat Department.(24-2t) KELLER GROCERY COHIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS WILLVISIT CAPIOL TO-DAY.Upon the invitation of Representative Reuben Hutchcraft, of Bourboncounty, a number of students of thearis High School will go to Frankfort today. The principal object ofthe visit will be to inspect the capitolbuilding and view vne legislature nsession. The students will be accompanied by several teachers of thebranch of the public school, and thetrip will be made over the interurbanlines.SANITARY COUCH.We are offering a beautiful SanitaryCouch at $2.75 during ourFebruaryand March sale.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.OSTEOPATH SUFFERS ABROKEN ARM IN FALLDr. Martha Petree, the well-knownand popular osteopath ofthis city, hadthe misfortune to fail on the icy sidewalk Tuesday and break her rightarm ust above the wrist.Dr. Petree was going from her office on Broadway to the Episcopalchurchto take lunch with the ladiesof the church, who were having an allday sewing, and as she was passingthe engine house next to the churchshe slipped and fell. She was assisted back to her office where the brokenmember was set, and later was takento her home on Sixteenth street,where she is resting comfortably.DINING TABLES.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Prichardleft Wednesday for an automobile tripto Cincinnati, where they are attneding the automobile show.Mrs. Thomas Best, of Richmond,formerly of Paris, is recovering froman operation for gall stones which sheunderwent recently at the hospital inthe former city.Mr. and Mrs. J. U. Boardman leftMonday for a trip to Chicago, wherethey will visit Mr. vnd Mrs. J. L.Earlywine, the latter a daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Boardman.Miss Carolyn Roseberry entertained with a dinner party Tuesdayevening at her home in the country,before the dance given by the Bourbon German Club at Elks' Hall.Mrs. Susan Baker has returnedto her home in Lexington after a visitto herdaughter, Mrs. Logan Howard,in this city. Mrs. Howard is recovering rapidly from a serious illness.Mr. John Kiser, who has a position in the office of Mr. W. H. Anderson, of the Louisville and Nashvillerailroad, will shortly fciove his familyfrom Shawhan to this city to reside.Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Ferguson andlittlo daughter, Virginia, are visitingMrs. Ferguson's parents, Mr. and Mrs.!;. u. Smith, in Georgetown, previousto moving from Bourbon to their newhome in Woodford county.Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Blake entertained at their home near ClintonvilleMonday, in honor of Mr. and Mrs. E.J. Welsh, who were recently married.Among the guests were a number ofthe most intimate friends of thebride and groom.Mrs. June Payne will arrive tomorrow from Huntington, W. Va.,where she has been with her sister,Mrs. J. H. Alderman, who has beenill in a hospital. Mr. and Mrs. Paynewill reside in the future at their country home near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Clay, Mr.and Mrs. Arthur Hancock, Miss Mar'shall, of Virginia, and Mr. CharltonClay composed a "box party given byMr. and Mrs. Clay to Miss Marshallat the matineeperformance of "TheFirefly," at the Ben Ali, in Lexington,Wednesday.At the meeting of the ProgressiveCulture Club, Wednesday afternoon,the following program was enjoyed:Sketch of John Fox, Jr. Mrs. BruceAnderson.A Review of "The Heart of the Hills"Miss O'Neal.James Lane Allen Mrs. Morehead.The regular meeting of the ParisLiterary Club was held Wednesdayafternoon, with a small attendance.The following program was rendered:"Swedish Castles and Estates"Miss Hutchcraft."Swedish Gymnastics" Mrs. Catesby Woodford,Jr."Picturespue Dalcaria" Mrs. T. H.Clay, Jr.The election of officers was postpone until the next meeting.The dance given by Mr. and Mrs.Wade H. Whitley Monday evening attheir attractive home on "Vine streetwas one of the most enjoyable afffairsof the sason. The party was quite informal and perfect in all its details.Music was furnished by piano anddrum, and the refreshments consistedof ice cream, cake, nuts and mints.The affair was complimentary ao MissMarshall, of Charlottesville, Va., whoreceiving much social attentionSMALL FIRE DAMAGES HOMEON NINETEENTH STREET.A small fire originating from anoverheated stove in the residence ofMr. D. T. Boaz, on Nineteenth street,damaged the property to a small extent. The fire department was called, but the blaze was extinguishedbefore they arrived.fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.CIRCUIT COURT DOCKETWIL BE CLOSED TO-DAY.To-day is the last day for filingsuits for the March term of the Bourbon Circuit Court. Up until yesterday afternoon thirty-eight new appearance suits had been filed with the Circuit Clerk.HffiBl IfivirlBB! m&msmnmsMSwnmswtsmBfuHHH 11 .Mllwda!P !d asEmbroidered crepes and voiles for the daintyblouses.Dress goods, the high novelties as well as thestaples.Trimmings, everything that's new we alwayshave it.Unrinkable dress linens; think of it! A newfeature in linens.Crepes and crepe de chines, the leading materialsfor the coming season.Kimona satine entirely new; lookslike silk.Embroideries; large stock ready for yourSpring and Summer needs.Ratines in solid colors, brocades andplaids.W, Ed Tucker.,Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.PublicSsls!OFStock, Crops, Implements, Etc.FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 1914, AT 10 A.M.Thin of this beautiful diningroom tables at $4.75 up to $38.50 during our February and March sale.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.LENTEN SPECIALSRoaS this" list of specials forthe Lenten season and phone us yourorder:Pickled Herring, White Fish, Milker Herring, RoU Mops, Salt Mackereland Fresh Salmon.(24-tf) T C. LENIHANMANY SUFFER INJURIES 3YSLIPPING ON ICY PAVEMENTSisHaving decided to sell my personalproperty, I will, on the above date,sell publicly on the R. T. Ford farm,7 miles south of Paris, 1 mile west ofEscondida Station, the followingstock:One No. 1 gray horse, 5 years old,good worker and driver; 1 No. 1 blackmare, 4 years old, saddle, harness andworker; 1 No. 1 brown mare, 3 yearsold, standard bred saddle filly; 1 No.1 brown mare, 3 years old, Percheron,good worker;One No. 1 red cow, 5 years old,fresh in April, good butter cow; 1 No.1 black cow, 5 years old, good milkand butter cow;1 red calf, 5 months old;2 sows and 13 pigs, 2 months old;53 acres of corn ground for rent;2 two-horse wagons; 1 new rubbertire buggy; 1 good hack-about buggy;1 Bemis tobacco setter, good asnew 1 McCormick mower;1 disc harrow; 1 Bell City CuttingBox, No. 11; 1 hay frame;1 breaking plow; I Rastus tobaccoplow, 2 single plows;1 land marker; lot of work gears;2 sets of buggy harnessSome sheaf oats; 25 bushels shelledoats; 1 heating stove;1 five-gallon can Castor machine dil;1 fifty-gallon coal oil tank;15 turkey hens and 2 toms; lot ofnice chickens;Some household and kitchen furniture; 1 Paris green blower; cross-cutsaw; forks; double and single trees;grindstone; 2 hand corn planters; 500yards tobacco cotton;Other things too numerous to mention. TERMS Made known on day ofsale.ROBT. L. BAKER.-Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(27-2t)iiinirt nnnnrnhi nuuatVictor-Victrolahas a placein every homeIts artistic design and beautiful music have made it welcome in homes of wealth andrefinement everywhere.And the many different stylesof the Victor-Victrola make itpossible for every home to haveone of these wonderful instruments. Come in and see about yours today. $15 to S200 and if desiredwe'll arrange it so you can enjoyyour Victor-Victor while paying forit1J wwr wr . -rfWe Keep meessBBBtwmmmmBwmmQuality Up!:DaughertyBros.We sell what is good, and ask you tobuy our shoes because they are good.It isn't price that sells our shoes, forshoes can be made to sell at any price.It's Goodness, Merit, Worth andValue That Sell ThemThe same applies to our Children's Shoes.Children are hard on shoes, but most ofthe trouble lies in poor shoes and poorshoe making. Our shoes are good, andare made by the best of shoe makers.Give us a call and be convinced.Geo. McWilliams,Phones 301The Shoe ManrexEaesamJ. i.NTON CO.Many persons have been more orless painfully injured during the pastfew days as the result of accidentscaused by slipping on icy pavementsin various: nnrfions of the city. Atthe Bourbon Female College Miss Sara Webb and Miss Gregory, two students at the institution, are sufferingfrom ?broken arms as the result ofreceiving falls. Dr. C. G. Daughertyset the broken members, and theyoung women are getting along aswell as possible.Mrs.Holt Henry fell Monday aboutnoon in front of thy store of Mr. D.Feld, on Main street, and sustained acontusion of the elbow and a numberof bruises about the head.James Parker, a Western Unionmessenger boy, fell Monday night onScott avenue, greakrng his right armbelow the elbow and wrist.during her visit to Kentucky.The third of the series of dancesof the Paris German Club was givenat Elks' Hall Tuesday evening. Thehall was pretty in its decorations offlags and bunting in commemorationof Washington's birthday, which werewas led byMiss Carolyn Roseberrywho was assisted by Mr.Chester Rees,of Winchester. Many new and artistic figures were introduced. Duringthe intermission a delightful supperwas served. The souvenirs weremin-ature hatchets. Following were?those in attendance:Mr. and Mrs. Edward Prichard, Mr.and Mrs. Sidney G. Clay, Mr. and Mrs.Withers Davis, Mr. and Mrs. JamesH. Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. FordBrent, Mr. and Mrs. Charlton Alexander. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Kenney, Mr.and Mrs. George Alexander, 'Mr. andMrs. Chas. N. Fithian, Mr. and Mrs.White Varden, Mr. and Mrs. Swiftnhflmn. Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Hancock.Mr. W.R. Blakemore, Mrs. EdithBronston, Mr.John Davis, Mr. andMrs. John S. Roberts Dr. Chas. G.Daugherty and Miss Rachel Wiggins,Mr. Walker and Miss ElizabethCrutcher, Mr. Trank Sledd and MissMarie Talbott, Mr. Woodford Buckner and Miss Kate Alexander, Mr.Charlton Clay and Miss JosephineMarshall, Mr. Pete Stoll and MissHarbison (Lexington)', Mr. Dan Estilland Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft,Mr. Hugh Ferguson and Miss Elizabeth Steele, Mr. Walter Squires, MissBess Holladay, Mr. Flournoy Jouett(Louisville), Mr. Robert Jones, Mr.8th and Main iNO CREDIT, XNODEL1VERY,NO PHONES. IVogel's Breakfast Bacon,Sliced '25c per lb.By the Piece 23c perBed-Rock Cash Sale!Watch Next Issue ;For Page cAdvertisementOf Someilb.VOGEL'S LARDSure Enough Bargains!That Will Be Offered During Ourrt titBIG SALE31b. bucket $ .4251b. bucket 7010 lb. bucket 1 .40M. J. Heller I-THE J, T. HINTON C0MP4NYParis, Kentucky , .1IICMxsrV-THE BOUkBON NEWS PARIS, KY., FEBRUARY 27, 1941lH. Sufis' orEDwXmJF "When you swallow Dr. BelPs Lv Pine -Tar-Honey you can feel It tV Acs. It soothes and smoothes the mV raw spots" ys Granny Metcalfe, mV TTiat's Granny's vray of sayine It, alter- eighty-nine years of experience. Can you9 say it better? Can the most learned say itas well? Granny knows, and, she knowsJm A picture of both Granny and thaM Bell are on every GENIHNE bottle ofI PINE-TAR-1 HONEY II "Tell By The Bell" IFor Sale by All Druggists.Of BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesfapes, A few drops in therinklng water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexingtca, EyFor Sale by W. T. BrooksWorn Oof?No doubt you are, ifyou suffer from any of thenumerous ailments towhich ail women are subject. Headache, backache, sideache, nervousness, weak, tired feeling,are some of the symptoms, and you must ridyourself of them in orderto feci well. Thousandsof women, who havebeen benefited by thisremedy, urge you toTAKEThe Women's TonlsMrs. Sylvania Woods,of Clifton Mills, Ky., says:"Before taking C a r d u i ,I was, at times, so weak Icould hardly walk, andthe pain in my back andhead nearly killed me.After taking three bottlesof Cardui, the pains disappeared. Now I feel aswell as I ever did. Everysuffering woman shouldtry Cardui." Getabottletoday. E-684ropk& esgjfIf You are Subject to ColdsThis Editorial will Interest You.A Great Majority of People Get One or More Colds EverySeason and It is of Vital Interest to All to Learn How toAvoid and Eelieve Colds Quickly, Since Colds are Said tobe Contagious.Some people think colds are only caught through exposure. This in3tuni is contradicted "by the fact that Arctic explorers are peculiarly freefrom colds. It is more generally accepted that colds are the result of civilizedlife, due to super-heated rooms and a very rapid change in temperature whichcauses the nerve centers to he depressed, and still more largely due to contagionone member of a family imparting a cold to another by sneezing orcoughing.A cold means nothing if relieved quickly. That such a purpose may beaccomplished, a quick aid to -a cold is an essential. A remedy especiallydevised to relieve colds quickly is PEETTNA.PjEETTKA contains such ingredients that have an especially beneficial inUuence upon the inflamed mucous membranes and the quicker these mucousmembranes are given the benefit of a remedy like PERTTNA, the quicker thebelief and the le:s contagion.A neglected cold may become a serious menace to one's own life, and farirorse, may endanger one's family."We insure our homes against fire, our lives against death. Why shouldtt not insure ourselves against colds if possible by having a medicine in thefanily chert that can be used at once ?PERTJKA is a reliable household remedy for colds and should be in everyjMme, for there should be a desire to combat a cold as quickly as possible.This ii enlightened hygiene.People who are feeble and run down are more subject to colds than permu in normal health. Such persons need outdoor life and PEETJNA to helpMid up a strong constitution. If you have a poor appetite that is often awarning that you probably need a tonic like Peruna for Peruna aids thediftftiYe organs. When your appetite is fair and work and exercise do notf aickly tire you, your susceptibility to colds diminishes very much.Persons who object to liquid medicines "can now obtain PEBTJNA2A1LZTS.BEST LAXATIVE FORBOWELS "CASCARETS"When Constipated, Headachy, Bilious,Breath Bad, Stomach SourGet a 10 cent box.Are you keeping your liver, bowels,and stomach clean, pure and freshwith. Cascarets, or merely forcing apassageway every few days withcathartic pills, castor oil or purgativewaters?Stop having a bowel wash-day. LetCascarets thoroughly cleanse andregulate the stomach, remove the sourand fermenting food and foul gases,take the excess bile from the liverand carry out of the system all theconstipated waste matter and poisonsin the bowels.A Cascaret tonight will make youfeel great by morning. They workwhile you sleep never gripe, sickenor cause any inconvenience, and costonly 10 cents a box from your druggist. Millions of men and womentake a Cascaret now and then andnever have headache, biliousness,coated tongue, indigestion, sour stomach or constipated bowels. Cascarets belong in every household.Children just love to take them.(adv)A Paris (France) dentist advertisedthat he would perform ordinary extractions for 60 cents, painless extractions for $1, and painless with music for $4, the patients selecting theirown music.Five hundred pounds of rice flewafter 12,000 guests witnessed the wedding of Ella Robinson, 24, and GeorgeW. Fletcher, 27, during a carnival feteat Cleveland, O., recently.TREESStrawberry PlantsFruit and Shade Trees,Shrubs, Asparagus, GrapeVines, Rhubarb, Peonies,Phlox, Seed Potatoes, etc.Everything for Orchard,Lawn and Garden.Free Catalog No AgentsEL F. Hillenmeyer & Sons,Lexington, Ky.Nurserymen Since 1841C2Dfeb2mo)I Uas iPlumbing and Elecri-cal Work in AllTheir Branches JStoves, Rangesand Appliances.Elks' BuildingE.E. Phone, 103Home Phone, 1 01MMF 9ittmg !Spicer &Gilckist,News Overthe StateBody of Miss'ng Farmer Found.Whitley City With his hands tiedunder his right leg with a strip ofhickory bark, one end of which wastied around his neck, the body- ofChas. Savage, a farmer, who disappeared a week ago, ws found hngingfrom pole placed on two large rocks.Savage lived near Parmleyville, inWayne county. Whether Savagecommitted suicide or was murderedno one has been able to ascertain. Inhis pockets were found $250 in cashnotes for $160.Carrollton Postmaster.Washington Mr. Harry Grobmeyerwas chosen postmaster of Carrollton,Carroll county. His selection wasmade upon the recommendation ofRepresentative Arthur Rouse. Grobmeyer was endorsed by the CountyDemocratic Committee.Bank Head Resigns.Frankfort O. H.'Skiles, of Frankfort, president of the People's StateBank, resigned to become presidentof the Commercial Lithographing Co.,of Louisville. Senator G. G.r Speewas elected to succeed Skiles.Hangs Himself With HalterCorbin Godfrey Jackson, aged 37,a contractor and builder, committedsuicide at his home near Bailey, threemiles from here, by hanging himselfto a tree with a horse halter. Helefthis home about nine o'clock with hisson to get some firewood. They hadgotten the wood, when the father toldhim to go to the house. He said hewould be in in a few minutes. WhenJackson failed to appear, his mother,who was vsiting him, went in searchof him, and found the body danglingfrom a limb.New Houses for Mt. Sterling.Mt. Sterling Clay & Kirkpatrick,tobacco growers of this city, havemade arrangements to remodel theirtwo warehouses in this city and makethem into modern loose leaf salesfloors for the coming season.. TheThe remodeling will cost $10,000, butwhen finished the houses will have afloor capacity of 200,000 pounds, raising tne sales floors here to a totalcapacity of 500,000 pounds. With thecompletion of this house the marketwill have four prizing departments.It is also rumored that the Burleypeople will build in this city, but nothing definite can be learned regardingtheir plans.Warehouses Boost. Property Values.Shelbyville Property values in theShelbyville loose leaf warehouse district are nearly three times what theywere three years ago. This wasproven when a tract of land, whichwas bought three years agoby MikeHughes and May F. Rothchild for$3,300, was sold at public auction for$9,392.50. The property was subdivided into fourteen lots. The firsttwo lots, directly opposite the warehouses, were purchased by he ShelbyLoose Leaf Warehouse Company, at?2,600 each, as a site for "anotherwarehouse, which w::l be erected inthe spring. The next four lots weresold to M. T. Wakefield, J. H. Wakefield and C. N. McMakin for $2,070.The purchasers of the last four lotspropose to organize a company anderect another loose leaf warehouse onthis location.Creamery for HopkinsvilleHopkinsville Announcement wasmade by the Hopkinsville BusinessMen's Association that a Chicage concern would establish a creamery inHopkinsville and be ready for business by April 1. The cream from 500cows daily has been pledged by thefarmers of Christian county. Thecreamery will have a capacity forhandling the butter fat of 2,000 cows.Montgomery Assessment.Mt. Sterling The board of Supervisors have finished their labors hereand fixed the total valuation of property at $6,785,014 in Montgomerycounty, an increase of $119,215 over1912.Hurt in Florida Home.Danville Deputy Collector RowanSaufley received a telegram from Orlando, Fla., announcing that hismother, Mrs. Sallie Rowan Saufley,had been struck by an automobileand painfully injured. A gash wascut in her head ana her back wasseverely wrenched. Idrs. Saufley isthe widow of Judge Mike Saufley, ofStanford, and is spending the winterin Florida. She is one of the best'known women in Central Kentucky.Danville GymnasiumDanville The new gymnasium andthe .new library behis- erpr.t.Prl w nQ-tral University are nearly completedana win oe ready for occupancy thisearly spring. The two buildings willcost completed about $100,000. Theold gymnasium burned some monthsago, and the old library building willbe torn down as soon as the new oneis finished.State-Wide,Carlisle Members of the Women'sChristian Temperance Unions of Carlisle and Nicholas county are circulating petitions among voters of Nicholas county, asking that a constitutionalamendment for State-wide prohibitionbe submitted to the people. The petitions will be presented to the Legislature. Must 3e Examined.Covington Every employe of thecity of Covington with the exceptionof the heads of departments will beforced to undergo a civil-service examination. ' An ordinance preparedby City Solicitor Fred W. Schmitzwas presented to the Board of Commissioners. It will be passed. Thepower of civil service willb ey placedin the hands of the civil service commisson, consisting of three men to beappointed, whose salaries shall hr?300 per year. Every policeman and 1nreman will be forced to undergo acivil service examination.u .,. ..EMIGRANTS WAKNhU IMU I" TO COME TO KENTUCKY.Don't come to Kentucky" is a warning to prospective emigrants to theUnited States that is circulated inAustralia and ''some other Europeancountries, according to Representatives J. C. Cantrill and John W. Langley, who returned Friday from a visitto Baltimore, where, as members ofthe House Public Buildings Committee, they inspected a site for a newimmigration station and saw a shipload of immigrants land.The Kentuckians learned that mapsof the United States, with certainStat.se nrinted black and a warningnot to go to a "black" State, are distributed abroad by some agency, andKentucky is one of tne dark spots onthe map.This was brought out by Mr. Langley, who in a discussion with Baltimoreans, heard a complaint that toomany immigrants remain in the citieswhere they arrive. Although not advised as to the responsible parties,and interested largely as a matter ofcuriosity, Mr. Langley intends to findtucky abroad.The Kentucky members of the -committeewere accorded many privilegesMr. Cantrill was the ranking Democrat, and therefore acting chairmanof the committee, aud Mr. Langley isthe ranking Republican on the committee. They were dined aboard abig German passenger vessel.CALENDARS FOR 1915.We have made arrangements withthe Hayes Lithographing Co., of Buffalo, N. Y., to act as their agents inBourbon County. We have now readyfor display one of the handsomestlines of Calendars for 1915 that youever saw. We can save you at least20 per cent on your orders. Don'tgive them to a traveling agent comein or phone us and let us show youour line. The Hayes Co. is one ofthe largest in the world and theirwork is exquisite. Let us have yourorder and save you some money andat the same time make a little piecefor ourselves,(tf) BOURBON NEWS.BUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop.. Three Expert Artists; NoWaits.Hot and ColdBaths.Main t. - Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.TiSLkttR AVA41mi!ftJBKJ;::1 LrSfg a&53ra&5a witmimummm mm m a &$i JNJKW OMLE-4IFebraagy 19-34 19S4LW SOUKS TKIP FAMESTickets on Sale February 17, IS, 19, 20, 21, 22 and 23.Return Limit to reach original starting point not later than March 6,AVith extension of limit to March 23, 1914, on payment of $1.00.ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.For details call on any Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, or apply ton. U KING, Passenser and Ticket Aecnt. 101 R.Mnin Strpp i .viTf VI. II. I.. i "I When Your BloodYour Whole SystemIf You Have anytt!!ixThs HA Complete and Positive Remedy ForSYPHILIS, ECZEMA, ERYSIPELAS,and all otherHot Springs .Physicians pronounce this the Greatest Bloodon the Market. ?,Full Course Treatment Six Bottles, $18.00. '"Single Bottle, $5.00.We Prepare a Remedy For Every Disease iOur Treatment of Female Ills is the nGreatest ot its iKind Ever Offered to Suffering Women.Write us your troubles. All correspondence strictly confidential.Hot Springs Medicalm 803 1-2,AFTERSICKNESS.i9 WITIOPERATI01It is a pathetic mistakeiv ucceui u.iuas ui uitu iholic mixtures when naturecraves nourishment to repairthe wasted body and restorethe vigor of health.For forty years the best physicians have relied on the wholesome predigested nourishmentin Scott's Emulsion whichis totallyfree from alcohol or opiates.Scott's Emulsion sharpensthe appetite renews bloodnourishes nerves strengthensbones and restores the courageof health to make life bright.9 Scott's Emulsion sets in actionthe very forces that promote health;1 ml .it is pure, nca strength. 13-soOne nnnlirrtinn e-nntVis nnrf Viia1: n rnncrTipsmplyikin,aiid,whcnrepeated.quicklyefrecti1 cure. Ec2ema. Ervsmelns. Tetter. Ulcers andall skin diseases yield to its curative properties.Sfle. a hay:. At nil riniTtri'zts.Send for free samnle and boot. Health and Be&utj."JOMNSTOH, HOLLOWAV IX CO.,1730 Sprint; Gar-Jan St., PhiSa., Pa.When you feel tZZfevous, tired, worried or despondent it issure sign yon need MOTTS NERVERINPILLS. They renew the normal vigor atmake life worth living. 3e sure and ask tMott's Nerverine Pills ggfWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland. OhiojL. Oberdorfer, Druggist. Paris, Ey..,t vr-v-gir,TTfin-R!&iE mms k feztfhBMftMP 1BiMiyiiFUN FROLIC FSSTIrTfllWS and MOBIL" -vu'h"'"l "JBlood or Skin Diseases DO NOT DELAY- .until it is coo lace, but orderTO-DAY!forms of Blood andCentral Avenue, Ho Springs, Ark.. -m clee, Neuralgia, Backache, Headache aadM all pains. Your money back if it fails to re-au pains, a our money uses n it xub m re- 1Hbtb ftriT ache in anr n&rt of the body inmieen minutes lime.Free Msapla aad circular ieat oa rer,atUBOURBON REMEDY COMPANY.342 East Main St., Lexington. Ky.For Sale By W. T. BrooksiewBarberShopWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDINSURANCEAGAINSTFIRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINTON, IAGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable.Prompt-Paying Companies, seeSpecial Kates &' Excursions.Round trip Winter Tourists to allprincipal winter resorts in Alabama,Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina, and Havana,Cuba, on sale daily Oct. 1, 1913, untilApril 30, 1914, with final limit May 31,1914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas and New Mexico, on saledaily Nov. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914,with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberalstopovers allowed on all -winter tourist tickets. Also low round tripHomeseekers' tickets to points in Alabma, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi,on sale first and third Tuesdays ineach month, final limit 25 days fromdate of sale. Stop-overs allowed inHomeseekers' territory. For furtherinformation call on or addressW. H. HARRIS, Agent.T. K. SMITH, T. A. 'is Ris Right.Skin Diseases. IQoand Skin Remedy ever placedCompany j. -vV AnlnVIv .1Im... VltAMmaflam Rm Va.Remedy!. iKkr:: X&''i at&asl.1HE BOURBON NLWS, PARIS. KENTUCKY; FEBRUARY 27. 1914LamenessSloan's Liniment is a quickand reliable remedy for lameness in horses and other farmanimals."Sloan's Liniment surpasses anything on earth, for lameness in horsesand other horse ailments. I "wouldnot sleep without it in my stable."Haute? Doyle,432 West 19th. St., Kew York City.Good for Swelling and Abscess.Mb. H. 31. Gibbs, of Lawrence, Kan.,K.F. D., 2o. 3, writes:" I had a marewith an abscess on her neck and one50c. bottle of Sloan's Liniment entirelycured her. I keep it all the time forgalls and small swellings and for everything about the stock.1 .SLOANSLINIMENTis a quick and safe remedyfor hog cholera. rGovernor of Georgia usesSloan's Liniment for Hog Cholera." I heard Gov. Brown (who is quite afarmer ) say that he had never lost ahog from cholera and that his remedyalways was a tablespoonful of Sloan'sLiniment in a gallon of slops, decreasing the dose as the animal improved.Last month. Gov. Brown and myselfwere at the Agricultural Collegebuilding and in the discussion of theravages of the disease, Gov. Browngave the remedy named as unfailing."" Observer."Savaxxah Daily News.At All Dealers. 25c, 50c. & S1.00.Sloan's Book on Horses, Cattle,Hogs and Poultry sent free.Address Br. Earl S. Sloan, Boston.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamIrledicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private, correspondence withwomen, "which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured 3ayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxtoa Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesXothinfj is more important in thehome f nan cle-ir. steady light. Insurethis by settinc; the oil that burnsclear and clonn without a flickerdown to tne lat drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Oots no more than the inferioitnnkwasnn oils ;ycs HONEY savesWAR K pavps eves.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbirrels direct from our works.8b Cfcas. G. Stall Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "2o Carb"Auto OiLEttapfc q7frfttmTfrMiWPILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMET"Will cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching PitIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and $1.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, (ML. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.Gurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,C (Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Elaths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Palronage Solicited.SI?fGOWNCUBIST SETTINGWithout a Note of Color theSpring Frock is Incomplete FASHIONS FOR .EARLY SPRINGFeathered Muffs and Flowered Hats in High Favorfor SpringNEW YORK, Feb. 26.We have been hearing of the Cubist and Futurist movement in art, butit is hardly realized by conservativepeople what a sway this movement ishaving upon architecture, furniture,and clothes. It is a passing whim ora permanent influence, according tothe views you take of this new schoolof art.Recently, a progressive store inNew York City advertised an exhibition of six gowns made by the famousPoiret, to be shown on living models,whose hair in each case would matchthe gown she wore.As a setting to these Poiret creations, a space was set apart and arranged as a salon, with Cubist furnishings. The rugs vere woven incubes of brilliant contrasting colors.The furniture was built upon thesquarest, simplest lines, painted a foggy gray and ornamented with a smallstiff floral .design. Vhe jardinereswere square, and held plants carefully clipped in conventional squaresand circles., reminding one of thetrees in a child's Noah's Ark.McClLLDark Green Poplin Serge Coat Boundwith Black Silk BraidThe models, who strolled nonchalantly back and forth, or seated themselves comfortably for a momentsrest, were completely one in their environment, as their gowns were inCubist colors, and their combinationof red, green, purple and orange. Thegirl wearing an orange and blue Roman stripe waist and tunic had hair oforange. Another, wearing a costumewhere red and blue were the predominating colors, wore a wig of red.A bright blue wig was worn with achangeable blue and green taffeta evening dress. A drapuu pannier widened either side of the skirt, and thesimple waist, with body and sleeve inone, was trimmed with a wide berthanf silver lace. In the front it was icaught by a large rose of silver gauze.It is obvious that the French adaptation of hair to gown is impractical,but the gowns fashioned to meet theapproval of the fastidious eye of Poiret were full of charm and helpfulsuggestions.A wonderful yoke of purple, withoIqoitoc nnri vnkfi of rosv red. had askirt with rather a long gathered tunic, on either side of which fell a panelof red. With this was worn a purplecoiffure, possibly the least objectionable of the Parisienne's love for bizarre expressed vividly in this unnatural hair.Another decollete evening frockwas of absinthe green. The waist wasof panne velvet, and the skirt of charmeuse, draped up in front, showing alace underskirt. Over this skirt wasa full tunic of net. Around the waistwoe a tHrdle studded with pearls andI having long pearls dropping down tothe hips. Bright green hair complet3d this toilette. iThe noticeable features of this exhibition were the predominance ofdifferent shades of red, the loosenessof the waists, and the marked tendency to the langorous manner termedthe "debutante slouch."The coat's and jaKets are gathering fullness at the bottom, many having a circular portion added whichripples in wide waves all around.In the first illustration is a veryswagger coat of dark green poplinserge. The lower edge is slightlygodet. The collar and cuffs are ofthe same. The coat is bound with abraid in the same manner as a man'sevening coat, and the buttons arecovered with the same cloth. Theskirt worn with this coat is of a roughworsted, having a green and whitecheckered design. The striking hat,which gives cachet to the costume, isof dark greenish-blue feathers, higheron one side than the other.Buff ladies' cloth, with a burntbanana stripe, formed the basic material for the smart dress I have pictured as No. 2. The pleated peplumand flounce are of buff, as well as thecollar and cuffs of the frock whose exaggerated waistline is most becomingto the straight up-and-down figure.A smart spring trimming, just overfrom Paris, is colored braid. Someof it is five and six inches wide, andis shown in checks, stripes and plaids.It is' shaped into cuffs, makes the collar, and is used for facing ripplingruffles, to give a dark dress a bit ofcolor.Serge is always practical and serviceable as a spring suiting, and is undoubtedly in high favor this season.In somber hues it will be relieved bytouches of red and green and yellow.In fact, every dark colored frockseems to cry out for a touch of something bright. Piping is one mode ofintroducing color. Poiret shows thispiping in red on a model having aParisian version of the Balkan blouse.The skirt was made with a front andback, joinned at the botton and top,between which, on each hip, were setin pleats. Piping of military red foliow the outline of the skirt at top onether side of the in-set pleats.A charming way of finishing a simple V-shaped neck is with a Chinesetassel of multi-colored threads. Theyare an accessory which is novel andgives just the right note of color.Another simple way of adding coloris to make the belt or girdle of braidor contrasting silk. This gives atouch of individuality and orientalismvery popular with our modern women.-'&S-?25&mMcCiu.Pleated Peplum and Rufflle Give Distinction to Long-Waisted DressesThis has been a season for. muffs.They have been not only of fur, but ofcloth, with and without fur trimming,But the very latest vhim for springand even summer wear, so one Parisian correspondent says, is the largeand fancy muff copied from earlyGainesborough portraits, and coveredentirely with ostrich tips, a brilliantcolored cluster of flowers nestling onthe front. Some new stoles are composed largely of ostrich tips, andothers are of shot taffeta with a border of feather fringe.Among the new military modelsmany are entirely covered with jet.crowns are high ana the brims narrow. One striking model has a highcrown with a jet butterfly perched onthe edge of the brim.A hat of semi-sailor shape, andmade of fine black straw, had thebrim bound with a band of net covered with bugles. One long-headed pinof glittering jet is placed one on either side, to take the place of all othertrimfing. vFloral hats are seen at the Southern resorts, and promise to be amongthe coming season's popular styles.Women have formed such an. aversionto aigrettes and ospreys that even inimitations they do not appeal.You can always tell a wise man "bythe smart things he does not say.GEOLOGIC EXPLORATIONS INALASKA.The conclusions reached as a resultof six years' exploration in the Yu-kon-Tananaregion, Alaska, by L. AI.Prindle, have been published by theUnited States Geological Survey inBulletin 525, At first glance the reader might be led to believe "that theresults are not commensurate withthe time spent in tae survey, but itshould be understood that the area explored is nearly 3,000 square milesand that the number of days spent onthe work was less than. 250. Considerable time was spent in investigating the regionadjacent to Fairbanks,as the extensive mining operations inthat vicinity yield much informationconcering the distribution of the alluvial gold.It has been found that the placergold reserves of the Fairbanks district, even if only those deposits thatcan be mined by methods now in useare considered, are still very large.There are, however, still larger deposits of auriferous gravels whosecontent of gold is s-j small that theycan be profitably handled only by improved methods of mining. Thesefacts and the existence within the district of extensive alluvial deposifs,which have not been thoroughly prospected, make the outlook for placermining in the region exceedinglyhopeful. It is therefore, by no meanscertain that the placer-mining industry will continue to decline as it hasdeclined in the last two years. Alarge expansion of the industry in thisfield can be brought about only bylessening the operating costs throughimproved means of communication.As 'compared with alluvial mining,the lode-mining operations have beeninsignificant and have yielded nogreat body of facts upon which tobase conclusions as to the presistence of the lodes. The facts presented in the report, however, show thatthe geologic conditions on the wholeappear to be favorable to the occurrence of lode denosits and that theseare not limited to the localities nearFairbanks, which have been prospected. The report contains a detailed description of the Fairbanks district byL. M. Prindle and F. J. Katz and anaccount of' lode mining near Fairbanks by "Philip S. Smith. A copymay be obtained free on applicationto the Director of the Geological Survey at Washington, D. C.COUNTY COURT DAYS.Below is a list of the days CountyCourts are held each month in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawrecesurg, 3d Monday.Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, int Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Breathitt, Jackson, 4th Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Henry, Newcastle, 1st Monday.'Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, md Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday.Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Monday. Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday.Oldham, Lagrange, 4th Monday.Owen, 'Owenton, 4th Monday.Pe,tidleton, Falmotn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wayne, Montecello, 4th Monday.Woodford, Versailles, 4th Monday.NOTICE FROM HEALTH BOARD.Physicians and heads of familiesare respectfully referred to Section2060 of the Kentucky Statutes, whichprovides as follows :"Section 2060 , Anyphysician or head of a family whoshall fail or refuse to report to thelocal Board of Health in cases ofcholera, smallpox, yellow fever, scarlet fever, diphtheria and other epidemic diseases as provided for in Section 2055 of the act mentioned inthe title of this act, shall be fined notless than five dollars for each dayhe neglects or refuses to report.(Section as amended by Act of March3, 1894),Please take due notice and governyourselves accordingly.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By order of Board of Health;Paris, Ky., Jan. 15, 1914.(16 jan-tf)THE BEST COUGH MEDICINE"I've used Chamberlain's CoughRemedy ever since I have been keeping house," says L. C. Hames, of Marbury, Ala. "I consider it one of thebest remedies I have ever used. tMychildren have all taken it and itworks like a charm. For colds andwhooping cough it is excellent." Forsale by all dealers.(Feb) adv)County Attorney MoCaffrey, ofButte, Mont., ruled that he wouldprosecute under the currupt practicesact any woman who presides at a teaparty designed to bring women together for the purpose of influencingthem.One Lone GermBreeds MillionsA sore or cut lets thogerms under tho skin.If you don't stop itsbreeding there will bemillions in a few days.Stop the Breeding With DR. BELL'SAntiseptic SalveIt stops the breeding of once. It keeps away aUother germs Zt soothes and heals as sure asyou usa it. A 25c box will prevent hundredsol dollars ot trouble.Tell It By The B.ITFor Sale by All Druggists.TO WINTER PDB8Ifyou are looking for a goodSuit or Overcoatat reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, fcere is the placeto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Overcoats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we areoflering them as a special inducement foraBi2We also have a full line of Schloss Bros.' guaranteedi i iJored Suits for $15 to $25. Emerson Shoes at $nd $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise can be had at a price tharwill please your pocket-book.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'TVL. Wollstcin, Proprietor.MflBOnMaHMMiBHiMPans OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your- clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.W An Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked.to your satisfaction.We Call IPor and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy," Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.93HB820&KISBiffflTHE CINCINNATIAMERICA'S GREATEST WEEKLY.PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY.What Weekly Enquirer IsThe Weekly Enquirer is today oneof the best dollar-a-year weekly agricultural newspapers published. Itsfield is national, and it reaches everyState and territory in the UnitedStates. It handles all the leadingcurrent news and market reports. Itpresents a complete summary of allthe important events of the times. Ithas access to the Daily Enquirer'slarge staff of correspondents in theleading capitals of the world. It contains numerous departments for theexclusive use of its subscribers. Itsfiction department is unexcelled. Inits field of farm news it is supreme.You , need the Weekly Enquirer.There is valuable information in eachissue for all the members of yourfamily. xOur special offer to club raisers.Fifty per cent, discount allowed toanyone sending us a club of three ormore yearly subscribers at one time.Make up a club of three or more andremit us only 50 cents for each name.Write today for a sample copy ofour big Premium and Clubbing Listit is free. You might send us thenames of a few of your friends orneighbors whom you think would appreciate a real bargain offer.We want active agents in every rural community. If you are wellknown it will pay ou to investigate.We allow a big commission on all newand renewal subscriptions. AddressTHE WEEKLY ENQUIRER.CINCINNATI, O.percent mo to $100 moW. KING & SON,f25 Cheapslcte. '.Lexington, KWEEKLY ENQUIRER ,MM LOANS!98Cleaning Co.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave Lexington r Leave ParisFor Paris for Lexington.6.00 a m 6:45 a m7:20 am 7:30 a m8:00 a m 8:15 a m8:50 a m 9:00 am10:20 a m 9:45 a m11:50 a m 11:15 a m1:20 p m 12:45 p m.2:50 q. m 2:15 p. m3:30 p m 3:45 p ra.4:20 p m 4:30 p m '5:00 p m 5:15 p hi6:00 p m 6:05 p m7:20 p m 6:50 p m9:10 p m 8:15 p11:00 p m 10:05 p mDaily except Sunday.MONEYWr-oTDSiIK UGTrAr wFURSWe tell rotihow. and oavbestiaarketnrices. We are dealers: establishedmlS55; andean do B3TTER. f or you ,than agen's or commission merchants. References any bank in I:cisville. "Write for -weekly price list.M. SABEL & SONS227-23-31 & 33 E. Slrtel St, LCUlSfKlE. KT.Dealers in FUuS, Hiuts, wuuuBWWH5g&yVEK223L3aProfessional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.-n, SB. T 136.Uuiuu iiiuiicaHome 136.E. T. 334.Home 334.ResidenceDR.A.H KELlLEPracticing Physioiaic,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld-grParis - KsatsnlejJ. WILIilAMS,ATTOBNEY-AT-LAW.Elks Boildinc.2ooml. -r-ty- V" 9-' -, ' 7- 1.,,'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; FEBRUARY 27, 914.-1ALAMOTO-DAYTflC TlirCS U3inbl0rS A c,ever comedy romance, dealingwith a distinguished authoress, whoAfl Essanay in 2 ActS. , sends her maids picture to an un-know admirer, who causes very amusWltfl G. M. Anderson ing complications."At Cross Purposes5A drama of blood-curdling, intermingled with love, humor and pathos.. .Ex-,ceedingly exciting and interesting situations.. .In connection with this tworeel feature there will be shown twoSelig comedies."Buster andSunshine"A juvenile comedy in which gilelessyouth shows the winning way to'knowing age.TO-MORROWHER HUSBAND'S FRIENDA Lubin drama.STANTON'S LAST FLING,An Edson Drama.MOVING PICTURES,A Selig Drama. X304RVhNEWS OF MILLERSBUftGlittle Miss Josephine Leer ison the sick list.Mrs. Charles Leer is confined to3ier home with illness.. Robert, the little son of Mr. andBIrs. C. C. Chanslor, is not sowell.Miss Ella Marshall has returned5rom a visit to her sisters in Atlanta, Ga,Mr. ad Ms. A. J. Thaxton willprobably return from their weddinglour Saturday.Elder and Mrs. C. O. Cossaboomvisited relatives at Morgan from Tuesday until Thursday.Mrs. Charles Martin left Thursday for a visit" to her sister-in-law,Mrs. White, in New York.Miss Margaret Allen entertainedlast Saturday with a dining, the occasion being her birthday.Recital by the pupils in music:and expression at the M. F. C. chapeltonight. The public invited.One of the best displays ofcakesand crackers will be held at the grocery of S. E. Bruce, Saturday.rMr. Alex Hawes, of Chicago, waske guest of his grandmother, Mrs.America Butler, from Saturday untilMonday.Mrs. J. E. Caldwell was the guestof her sister, Mrs. Frank Collins, atINorth Middletown, from Saturday until Monday.Mr. J. C. Fightmaster and family"will move about the first of March toIMr, Fightmaster will continue his"blacksmith business.Messrs. J. P. Redmon and E. B.Taylor were in Louisville Wednesdayand Thursday, returning with a handsome new automobive.Miss Ruth McClintock returned"Monday after a three days' visit tofriends and relatives in Owingsville,Mt. Sterling and Ashland.A party of about twenty, headed"by Rev. J. D. Redd, visited the Legislature Thursday at Frankfort, in theinterest of the State-wide Prohibitionbill.Miss Mary Taylor returnedThursday after a three weeks' visitto her sister and niece, Mesdames"S. H. Creighton and K. R. Vaught, atIndianapolis.-Mrs. W. G. Dailey is improvingnicely since her return from Cincinnati, and after takng the X-ray examigiren. out by her physician her ultimate recovery is near at hand.Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Leer, Messrs.Ashby Leer, J. C. Leer, Sr., and J. C.Leer, Jr., attended til'- funeral of Lo-Tet-aHinton Carter, the little daughter of Mr. and Mrs. O. P. Carter, Jr.,of Paris, Wednesday afternoon.The Kyle Musical Comedy Co. is"playing an engagement of threenights at the Opera House, and everything considered, the company is1 gBHfdiWlJTOiGiikiSgCLEARANCE3Dkgood. Their audiences are not as 'large as they deserve. On WednesdayJ-U&UL J.t& UI LUC J.O.U&VS, CLU.U. JLIIUIO-day night "The Land of Bohemia,"closing their engagement here tonightwith "Ladies' Minstrels." Prices 15cand 25c. Tonight promises to be thebest entertainment of the series. Leteverybody attend." Blanton, the little son of Mr.and Mrs. O. H. Collier, while coastingMonday, ran into a tree, striking hishead and rendering him unconsciousfor a short time. A wound near theeye was the only injury inflicted.Elder Walter E. Frazee, of Louis-.ville, State Superintendent of the Sunday schools of the Christian church,will be at the Christian church onSunday night, at which time a classof Sunday school teachers will gradu-late.Mrs. Nannie Linville was calledto Covington Saturday on account ofthe critical illness of her sister, Mrs.Ellen Huffman, who died on Monday.Dr. and Mrs. W. V.Huifman, and son,Richard, attended the funeral 'at Covington, Wednesday.Mrs. J. C. Leer received a tele-! phone message Sunday announcing, the critical illness of her sister, Mrs.R. P. Hopper, at Mayslick. Mr. and, Mrs.Leer and Mr. J. E. Caldwell,! brother of Mrs. Hopper, left at oncefor the stricken home in an automobile, Mr. Leer and Mr. Caldwell returning that evening. The manyfriends here of Mrs. Hopper will bejiad to learn that she is improving.Miss Bascom's class in expressionwill give the well-known drama, "TheRivals," at the M. F. C. chapel, onFriday evening, March 6. Admission25c. and 35c. Remember that this isJ one of the most popular pieces on theboards for a long time, and was one ofthe three pieces played for so long byJoseph Jefferson. Miss Bascom is aninstructor thoroughly qualified to dothis work with her pupils and weknow that she will bring forth goodresults, and should be greeted with alarge audience. (27-3t)Quite a number of the youngpeople under the auspices of the Ladies' Aid Society of the Christianchurch put the little two-act drama,"That Awful Aunt of Ours," on theboards at the local OperaHouse, Monday evening. Notwithstanding theinclement weather about all the seatswere occupied. All the froung folksdid their work in a creaitable manner.The specialties were decidedly betterthan the play. The exercises openedwithtwo or three courses by severalyoungladies, followed by the readingsby Miss Aleta Wilson. The leadingfeature ofthe entertainment, however,was the vaudeville acts between thefirst and second acts of the piece byMr. Lewis McCann, of Lexington, andycung ladies, followed by the readingMr. T. K. Smith, of Millersburg,both of them students at Transylvania University. Their songs andnegro dialect and other work broughtss32ssaTe Will Inaugurate theGreatest of AllEvery Pair of Winter Shoeand RobbersIncluding Many Medium . Weight Lines, JVIust be Sold atOnce, Regardless of their Style, Qualityand Former Prices.We Must Unload,We Must Make Room,Wait No Longer.Delay May Mean Disappointment!Ladies9 Satin Pumps,White and Black, at Lowest PricesBY THE OLD RELIABLE HOUSE.A. 3sr co :h: esdown the house. "That Awful Auntof Ours," was in two acts, Miss NancyJones playing the part of "the awfulaunt," and Mr. T. K. Smith, as thenegro servant, were the stars. Itreached its climax in the opening ofthe second act, where several youngmen were smoking cigars, drinkingwhisky, playing cards, and where theyoung cashier of the bank was drugged and the villain in the act of escaping with the keys when the"Aunt"appears and all is saved. It was ascene where the society was forgotten and Satan was very much in evidence. The only thing needed togive a proper finish to the occasionwould have been a handsome lovingcup at the toastmaster's place. MissAmelia Hurst was at the piano forthe occasion and did her work nicely.The entire work was under the supervision of Mesdames R. L. Wilson andC. D. Tackett. About $90 was realized. Mrs. J.Clark Leer, Jr., suffered asevere attack of neuralgia Tuesdaynight, but is able to be out again.Let everyone come to S. E.Bruce's grocery Saturday and see thefine display of crackers and cakes bythe National Biscuit Company.NOTICE FROM HEALTH BOARD.Physicians and heads of familiesare respectfully referred to Section2060 of the Kentucky Statutes, whichprovides as follows:"Section 2060 Anyphysician or head of a family whoshall fail or refuse to report to thelocal Board of Healths in cases ofcholera, smallpox, yellow fever, scarlet fever, diphtheria and other epidemic diseases as provided for in Section 2055 of the act mentioned inthe title of this act, shall be fined notless than five dollars for each dayhe neglects or refuses to report.(Section as amended by Act of March3, 1894)Please take due notice and governyourselves accordingly.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By order of Board of Health.Paris. Ky., Jan. 15, 1914.(16 jan-tf)You can always tell a wise man bythe smart things he does not say.THE BEST COUGH MEDICINE"I've used Chamberlain's CoughRemedy ever since I haye been keeping house," says L. C. Hames, of Marbury, Ala. "I consider it one of thebest remedies I have ever used. Mychildren have all taken it and itworks like a charm. For colds andwhooping cough it is excellent." , Forsale by all dealers.(Feb) adv)MMMMMMMOMMPO i"ii'M'MgW. SATURDAY,SALESiwammmmmmmmmmmmnmmmr,-GUNMMEN MUST DIEDate F'xed for Execution of Rosenval Murderers.ALBANY, N. Y., Feb. 26. "Gyp theBlood," "Lefty Louie," 'Whitey Lewis," and "Dago Frank," the four gunmen jointly indicted with former police lieutenant Charges Becker for themurder of Herman Rosenthal, thegambler will be electrocuted duringthe week beginning April 13.The date was fixed by the Court ofAppeals to-day when the judges signed the four death warrants.The exercise of executive clemencynow is all that can prevent thedeatho f the gunmen. No appeals for pardons have been received by the governor. The last day of Charles Becker'sstay in the death house at Sing Singprison was to-day gladdened by a visitfrom his wife. Owing to the death ofher mother, whose funeral was heldyesterday, Mrs. Becker was preventedfrom going to the prison on Tuesdaywhen news of the Court of Appeals'decision granting her husband a newtrial for the murder of Henman Rosenthal was announced from Albany.The meeting between, the couplewas pathetic, although each attempted to keep back any outward displayof feeling.TWO MEN KILLEDAttempt to Cross Railroad Track andAre Struck 3y Fast Train.MAYSVILLE, Ky., Feb. 26 D.Samuel White, a wealthy Banker ofRipley, Ohio, and Lewis Williams, driver of the transfer wagon from the C.& O. station at South Ripley, werestruck by C. & O. fast train No. 5,this. morning and both instantly killed. They were attempting to cross thetrack on the fast train's time, and asthis train does not stop at South Ripley it was speeding along at aboutfifty miles an hour.The wagon was struck and demolished. Both horses were killed and Mr.White so terribly mangled that it wasalmost impossible to identify him.Williams was also mangled.On account of the ice and snow, itis thought that the horses lost theirfooting and could not get over therails in time.Because he told purchasers of citylots that they were only fifteen minutes walk, when in reality they wereeight miles away, P. M. Daniel, Jr., aNew York City real estate man, wasconvicted of larceny.Linen pantalettes, modified hoopskirts and mannish coats, vests andhigh collars are among the startlingfeatures of spring fashions for womenshown by the French costumers.i.-3sriNews Overthe StateGets RewardMaysVille Chief of Police Mackey,of this city, has been given a rewardof $50 by the Government for he arrest and return of two deserters fromthe battleship Louisiana.Egg Within an Egg.Monticello Procter C. Rankin, ofthis place, possesses a curiosity, thelike of which has never been seen! by the oldest inhabitant of this partof the county. It consists of oneperfectly developed egg within another of the same kind. Mr. Rankinsays he removed the normal contentsof an egg from each shell. He prizeshis curiosity highly, and has so far refused to part with it, although therehave been many offers for it.i1 Charged With "White Slavery"I Danville A warrant was swornout here under the Mann "whitej slave" act against Harry J. Palmer,I of Cincinnati, by Miss Ruth Vernon,of 924 West Ninth street, Cincinnati,and Miss Jeanette Puckett, of Bradford, O. The warrant was placed inthe hands of Deputy United StatesMarshal T. F. Ford.THE MARKETS.Chicago Grain.CHICAGO, Feb. 26. Wheat openedone-eighth to one-quarter at threeeighths x higher, and afterward showeda further advance. Corn opened oneeighth to three-eighis up; and thiswas followed by an additional rise.Sympathy with the corn bulge helpedto lift oats. Wheat closed at oneeighth at one-quarter, at 94 7-8 forMay, and 89 5-8c for July. Cornclosed irregular, a shade lower to onequarter higher, compared with lastnight, at 67 l-8c for May and 66 7-8cfor July. Oats closed steady at 40 3-4c. for May and 40 l-2c. for July.Cincinnati Grain.CINCINNATI, Feb. 26. Wheatfirm, $1.001.01; corn steady, 6970c; oats, firm, 4334 l-2c; rye'W D Arf o" I s i j r $ rf r (Tv r 9 HPotatoes, fancy Northern Stock, oer r?t 30cPotatoes, fancy NorthernNavy Beans, -ber lb 5cKidney Beans, per lb... 8 l-3cTomatoes, per can 10c3 cans Standard Corn : 25cSweet Potatoes, per can 10c3 packages Gold Metal Oats 25c2 large size Mackerel loe3 large size packages Maccaroni 25c6 bars Octagon Soap 25c( bars Clean-Easy Soap 25c7 bars Lenox Soap 25c20 lbs. best Eastern Sugar. 1.00(With a three dollar purchase)Stone's Silver Slice Cakes received fresh daily.Order early and your order will be delivered on time.T. C. LENIHAN.Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234BotPublic Sale of Main St. Business PropertyOn Thursday, March 5,1914,at2 O'CIock.Desiring to devote all my time to my farm, I have decided to sell mv property on Main Street, between Second and Third Streets, and opposite the ElksBuilding, and on above date will dispose of it to the highest bidder.The property has a frontage of 41 1-2 feet on Main Street and extends backthe same width to Pleasant Street, and will be offered in two tracts, and then asa whole, and best bid accepted.Tract No. 1 fronts 41 1-2 feet on Main Street, extends back 120 feet, and contains a two-story brick business house, in good repair, new metal roof etc.Tract No. 2 has a frotage of 41 1-2 feet on Pleasant Street and extends back98 1-2 feet to tract No. 1, and has a blacksmith shop and coal vard now rentingfor $25 per month.This property is well located, very desirable and will readily rent for $100 permonth. This is the only Main street business propertv on the market.Terms made known on day of sale.J. r. Weatherafl.For further information, call on Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer. - ' (feb-17-24-mar3)steady, 64 66c.Chicago Live Stock.CHICAGO, Feb. 26. Hog receipts20,000; market strong; bulk of sales$8.70 8.80; light, $8.55 8.80; heavy$8.408.821-2; mixed, $8.558.821-2-rough,$8.408.50; pigs, $7.708.65;! Cattle receipts, 6,000; market steady;I beeves, $7.259.75; Texas steers',$7.008.10; stockers and feeders, $5.508.00; cows and heifers, $3.758.60; calves, $7.5011.25. Sheep receipts 29,000; market slow; native,$4.856.30; yearlings, $5.85(5)7.25:native, 6.857.95.Cincinnati Livestock.CINCINNATI, Feb. 26. Hog' receipts 4,699; market steady; cattle! receipts, 446; market slow; calvessteady. Sheep receipts 316; marketstrong; lambs, native, $6.008.15.RAILROAD EMPLOYE HASHAND SADLY CRUSHED.Mr. James Blount, an employe ofthe Louisville & Nashville Railroad,while in the discharge of his duties ascar inspector in the south yards of thecompany Tuesday night had one ofhis hands badly crushed. Hewas taken to the Massie Memorial Hospitalwhere his injuries received medicalntf OTlHrm Wo 1C frotHi-incr olnnar rt jI well as could be expected.Notice!Notice is hereby given thatW. 0. Hinton, E. T. Hinton andAlbert Hinton have taken overas of January 1, 1914, the Housefurnishing and Undertaking business heretofore conducted byth3 undersigned and that thesaid parties will hereafter conduct and operate said businessunder the name and style of"The J. T. Hinton Company."In surrendering said business,including its assets and goodwill, to the aforementioned parties the undersigned gives noticethat he is .no longer an ovnertherein.J. T. HINTON.Stock, per Ira. $1.00Jem. -yw