OURBON NEWSP . , . "irK''v 'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAHVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 19J4..RANZA ORDERSrTHEFIGHT FOR HEALTHWILL BE WAGED81 PARIS LEAGUEMANY BILLS AREBEING INTRODUCEDIN LEGISLATUREMany Measures Are Reported By Committees in BothHousesIIVESTIGAT! IllCASE OF BENION"WE KNOW HOW"New Organization to EnterWar On the DreadedWhite PlagueMANY MEMBERSARE ENROLLEDFiscal Court Makes Appropriation to Sustain sl Visiting NurseCommission Ordered to Proceed With Probe IntoBenton's DeathWILL LEARN OFGUSTAV BAUCHMexican Situation Likely toProvoke Debate in SenateThis Week." ' third meeting of, the PublicPf u '. and Welfare League, held att p jblic Library building yesterdayai-oon was largely attended andiLLr enthusiasm manifested by then-- rs of the organization, whichtj rrfected three weeks ago with a-,.p- of providing a visiting nurse forB- u' v.n county and combat the dreaded v"te plague.1 addition to the large number en-rc.i.-3is membeis at the meeting heldla-t "eek one hundred and tweitye'zhz were admitted to the membership yesterday afternoon and it is theopinion of those foremost in the movement there will bge an increase in themembership with each succeedingnoting.Tljch encouraged ojr the success attained so far the work of looking after tne health of the community willbe entirely upon a systematic mannerand through the medium of a visitingnurse which is to be provided by theleague as soon as all arrangementsare made for the poyment of the salary and meet the other expenses ofthe undertaking.As an evidence of the interest thats being taken in the movement, theFiscal Court at its regular meetingyesterday afternoon made a handsome appropriation to assist in meeting the expenses, and the City Councila ill be asked to contribute a liberalsum to the furtherance of the cause.Miss Hunt, who has been here forsepral weeks looking into vthe condn ms, and who was sent to Paris byState Tubercuosis Association wasV'c-v the Fiscal Court yesterday andf-1 address before that bodypreerrcd it with many interesting factsr-rding the health of Nthe countyEnd city and pointed to the urgentnef a of a visiting nurse keep in touch" 'th the conditions, to attend thevfi.y in their illness ana to worK mcc ruction with the Welfare Leaguein Its war on tuberculosis.T.ie court was very generous in itsappropriation, an order being enterewfor the payment of the sum of $450anruallv, in monthly installments, toaid "n the work. At the last meetingof the City Council, which will beheld next Thudsday night. MissHunt will endeavor to have that bodyTote an appropriation of a sum equalto this amount and the remainder ofthe expense which is likely to be incurred will be met by popular subscriptions. Neer in the history of the cityLas there been a more interested andenthusiastic organization as thathich will take up the fight on diseasein Paris and Bourbon County. ,EL PASO, TEXAS, March 5. Investigation into the execution by Gen.Villa of Wm. S. Benton, the Britishsubject, and into the disappearance ofGustav Bauch, the German-Americanwas begun at Juraez to-day by theMexican commission appointed byGen. Carranza.The commission will endeavor toascertain whether the arrest and conviction of Benton was according todue form of law and justice. It is notexpected that an examination will bemade of Brion's body."An attempt will be made by theMexican commissioners to learnwhether Bauch was executed orwhether he is till alive. If alive anattempt will be made to learn hiswhereabouts.The Anglo-American commissionwas still awaiting instructions fromWashington.May Lose Life.EL PASO, TEXAS, March 5. LuisTerre7as, Jr., who for many monthshas been held prisoner at Chihuahua Tjy rebels pending negotiationsfor ransom, has until to-morrow to pay$500,000 to Gen. Villa under pain ofdeath. This information reached hereto-day. Terazas has many Kentuckyreatives.Situation at Washington.COLD CHECK BILLPASSES SENATEAppropriation Is Made ForPanama-Paciffc ExpositionIf You Need a HatAnd want to buy one cheap,take a look in our show window at the $3, $4 and $5hats which we are selling justfor a day or so for aDEMAND8 REPEAL OFTHE TOLL EXEMPTIONSDoes President Wilson in HisBrief MessageCongresstoV1THINGTON, March 5. President Wilson personally appealed toEgress, assembled in joint sessionlHlay to sustain the national honorDf te United States in upholdingtreaty obligations by repealing thePajiama tolls exemption- againstta Great 'Britain protests.He asked Congress to do that "inPpcrt of the foreign policy of theadmiristration" and added that anexemption for American ships notonlv was a mistaken economic polJjy hut was in contravention of the"I shall not know how to deal withOi'ifcT inuUer- oi even greater aelicacyand nnrrer consequences if you do notsrart it to me in ungrudging measure," said the President."The large thing to do is the onlythins we can affora to do; a voluntary withdrawal from a positionenvhero questioned and misunderstood. We ought to reverse odr ac"o without raising n Question whether "fce were right or wrong, and so" more deserve our rpiritation forSfiifrosity and the redemption ofevery obligation without quibble orCitation."President Wilson's addrs heshortest he has vet delivered to Confess-exactly420 words.WASHINGTON, March 5. Although Great Britain's reluctance topress the Benton case at this time hasmade the American situation lessacute, there are several aspects of itwhich it now is practically certainwill occasion spirited debate in theSenate in a few days.It has became known that facts anddata concerning the numbers of foreigners killed in Mexico since armedrevolution began there are being gathered by the State Department forSenator Shively, ranking member ofthe Foreign Relations Committee, whois expected to present official recordsabout conditions in the Southern Republic. 4It was reported that Senator Fall,of New Mexico, would open the debate with a speech pointing to conditions in Mexico past and present, andursine: a change of policy-.The New Mexico Senator presentedto the Foreign Relations CommitteePedro Del Vilar and Cecelio Ocon,representing the political interests ofFelix Diaz.Members of the committee -werefranklv amazed when the Mexicanssought moral support by the UnitedStates of a movement to bring aboutpeace in Mexico by another revolution headed by Diaz.The committee had no idea, x it issaid, of the purpose of their visitniioT- tvum thpv wished to nresent information about the situation in Mexico! Members of the committee flatlystated that the United States couldnot recognize any such movement.Vilar and Ocon severely arraignedHuerta as corrupt and Carranza andVilla as bandits, and argued that Felix Diaz had a host of loyal Mexicancitizens behind him who would rushto his support to establish a real gov-fernnient in Mexico.I They want to get a promise, if possible, from the American Government that it would uphold Diaz anarecognize him if the counter-revolutionsucceeded. Several members ofthe committee characterized the proposition as preposterous.The committee is taking a most active interest in the Mexican imbrogliopnd intends to get all the informationpossible so that it may be preparedfor afnv situation that may arise, especially if the Administration shoulddetermine upon any change of policy.FRANKFORT, KY., March 5. Fivenew measures were introduced andthree resolutions were offered whenthe House convened this morning, after which the House went into com-"mittee of the whole to continue consideration of the tax measure.The section of the tax bill abolishing the office of county assessor andcreating a county tax commissionerwas amended by Myers to provide afine and imprisonment and forfeitureof office for the county commisscionerwillfully or knowingly making improper assessment returns?Frazier's amendemnt providing forthe tax commissioner to have been aresident of the county three yearsprior to his election, also was adopted.The Committee on Propositions andGrievances reported favorably an anthe penalty for minors visiting saloons. The Committee on Appropriationsreported without expression of opinion the good roads bill, passed by theHouse. It went into the calendar.The bill granting appeals in allcriminal cases in county magistrals,police courts, except in cities of thefirst class, were reported favorably.The House resolution approving ofthe Federaol movement to take overthe Lincoln farm was reported favorably. The bill providing for two moremine inspectors got a favorable report. The Committee on Banks and Banking reported without expression ofopinion the bill providing for the ruralbuilding system. It was placed on thecalendar.The House bill, prohibiting freepower as required by the constitutionwas reported favorably by the Committee on Common Carriers.July 1, 1914, is fixed as the datefor putting this bill into forec.The Committee on Common Carriers reported unfavorably the fullcrew bill. Senators Zimmerman andWilliams made eloquent speeches forthe bill on the motion to put thebill in the calendar. Themotion carried. The Kentucky State Senate Wednesday passed the Glenn bill raisingthe salary of the Coufederate PensionCommissioner and giving him clericalhelp. In the House the Tax Reformbill was debated all day. Nearlyevery member presented an amendment to the substitute for the SoecialCommission bill. An appropriation of$0,000 for the Panama-Pacific Exposition passed the Senate.Come and buy one whilethey last. v .Mitchell & Bfakemore,iThe Store for Mens StylesWftoWUSWH J&H?Ky5PM!XTf?,VKfPifxnAvmrvKTrJXTriKrA s.Tii,nfe.,fe mrfsj&isfvcKiv bio- w aw"F..!i''jir-i:!i';,'M)'TMr-.B..:ir.T;' .11 7iHiU ria.w oa -mwai ?rr- --owjr v "VU "SSvfss SLraiiiiiimiiitiiwHjimiufciiiiuHiimtiiiiimvS3FRANK &, CO.Tise Store Where Reliability Reigns.Y. M. C. A. FUNDSCOMING IN RAPIDLY.Invite Your Inspection:1OFThemany interested people in Bourbon county will be glad to know thatthe second installment on the Y. M.,C. A. fund is coming in now. Alreadyabout one-third of the amount to becollected this time has been received.Revised plans are on the way fromthe office of the architects and shouldbe here to-day. If these are foundto be satisfactory, the next step willbe to advertise for bids and let thecontra rt so as to begin work at anearly date.-iISFLINCHEM RETURNS ,Former Parisian Gives Account of Experience on the Mexican Border.Charles Flinchem , a dischargedsoldier, formerly a switchman in theLouisville & Nasliville railroad yardsin this city, passed through ParisWednesday, en route to Hamilton, O.,where he will spend several weeks.Flinchem enlisted in the regular aamythree years ago, and since the establishment of the border patrol between Mexico and the United Stateshas been stationed within a short distance of El Paso, where he has beendoing duty.Flinchem gave many interesting accounts of the incidents that occurredduring: his prolonged stay on the border, and expressed the opinion that his guards atintervention on the part of the united Juarez.States in Mexico will be the only:means of restoring pace to the republic. According to Flinchem, soldiers ofthe United States army are not allowed to cross the river from El Pasointo Juarez, but they frequently do soin citizens' clothes and much information has been gained in this way regarding the movements of the Mexican rebels wlio occupy the city. Onseveral occasions, he said, he hadseen the Mexican leader, GeneralVilla."General Villa," he said, " is not aman who would impress one as theleader of an army. During his stay inJuarez he wore no uniform other thana light khaki suit with a broad brimmed hat. He was always heavilyarmed, carrying a rifle with oeits or icartridges strung over each shoulder Iand heavy, revolvers. He bears astrong resemblance to the American 'npgro rather than to the Mexican, andit is fhe general opinion that he is of!that blood. Among the. rebels hi 'word is law, and they fear his wrath "Regarding the execution of Briton, Ithe English subject, pjid of Araeri-,p"Tis at the hands of the rebel leader.FUnchpm lclared thnt there was a ,general belief that th Englishmanwas never gien a trial, but was shotto death by Gererai Villa or one vfthe headquarters in&KVTftmNew Spring SuitsLadies', Misses' and Girls'.New Spring CoatsLadies', Misses' and Childrens'.New Spring Silk DressesTaffeta, Charmeuse and Crepe.New Spring Wool DressesCrepes, Serges and Ratines.Silks, Wash Goods and Woolen Fabricsof every description, with suitoble trimmings.y r?S i4utfSeparate Skirts,Rain Coats,Crepe and Net Waists,Wash Waists.1 1 FRAftK & CO.,liiiimniiTniriimriiiiiiiM b-b m mmmmmmwmmimmmmwmmmm'ufizz?Paris, Kentuckyvrvs -,, l f , 4.-y---A.VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. MARCH 6, 1914JIMWrI5''tI! it-3!'Ki.ins.ii5iIn1R.I,31?U-vHMb man isStrongerThai? IllsTTBHW i 71r.is3Hte Medical Adviser byJRJK. Pierce, M. .T Bvf-jfafe,5.5 answers hostsAqf jd&iicatc questionsea&fsvl twliich every manorjMzan, single or marsntdvught to know. SentJohnson, receipt of 31 onczxx2, stamps to pay forxsrapping and mailing.A MODERN HOME"To Be Complete Should be Equipped With All Modern, Conveniences. Foremost Among These is theafe Central Energy; Home TelephoneUse it for Business or Pleasure It's Always Ready.Five Minutes Initial Period onLONG DISTANCE MESSAGESC&e Paris Rome Celepbone ana Cekorapb Co(Incorporated)Rncifhnn--nVlS & FUNK. Prnns W- - - '"'Telephone No. 4.BourbonParis Kentucky.m99Q9Bm99W9$9dm&M99999e99399mThe Best in the WorldThe Higgin AU-MetalScreens,The Higgin AU-MetalWeather Strip.Distributors of the Walger NewcTWfodel AwningThe Best Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc. 5Some of Our Customers in Paris Massie Hospital, A. 3J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and doz-ens of others. 2Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought now for future delivery are made at 8cents per square foot cherper.T. A. Hendricks, iSales Agent SPhone 2585X 23-spttfGEO. W, DAVISmmUl DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DATl 137; NIGHT 299.ANDfc. HIGHEST MARKET PRICE PAIDp U Mm h F0R RAW FURS AND H,DESra Bw H H aLM Wsol on Commission. Write for pricem ttrt mentlnnlnn fh! art.JOHH WHITE & CO, SSSS&.LET tho greatest athlete have dyspepsia and hiastrength will soon fail. One's stamina forcefullness and strength of mind or muscledepend upon the blood, and the blood in turn,requires a healthy stomach, for the stomach is thelaboratory where the food i3 digested and such elements are taken up or assimilated which makeblood. In consequence all the organs of the body,such as heart, lungs, liver and kidneys, as well asthe nervous system, feel the bad effect if the stomach is deranged.irEeFeeMiial Discoveryhelps the stomach to digest food properly, starts theliver into new activity, removing the poison3 from theblood, rnd the various organs get rich, red blood, instead of being illy nourished. The refreshing influenceof this extroct of native medicinal plants has beenfavorably Known for over 40 years. Everywheresome ncighbor'can tell you of the good it has done,Sold by ail medicine dealers in liquid or tablet form:or send SO one-cent stamps to r. Pierce, Invalids'Hotel, Buffalo, unci a trial bos will be mailed yon.I annrtiirv h7" 3 " w-West 5 Street WWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is wHaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and ifcdever goes Ireck on its reputation, v If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeiVLaundry,Lexington. Ky.JHIDESThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of Con;.tinouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year 2.00 Six Months. 1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements. $1.00 narinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents ner lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.WHY IT SUCCEEDS.Because it's for One Thing Only, andParis People Appreciate This.Nothing can -be good for everythingDoing one thing well brings successDoan's Kidney Pills are for onething only.For weak or disordered kidneys.Here is reliable evidence of theirWorth :A. G. McCauley, 136 S. Maple street,Winchester, Ky., say: "There werepains through my kidneys and the secretions were' scanty and painful inpassage. On a friend's recommendation I got a box of Doan's Kidney Pillsand the results of their use convincedme of their merit. I now gladly confirm what I said about them then.""When Your Back is Lame Remember the Name" Don't simolvask for a kidney remedy ask dis-uncuy ior uoan s ivianey .rms thesame that Mr. McCauley had. 50c.all stores. Foster-Milburn Co., Props,Buffalo, New York,(adv)Convicted at Boscon, Mass., of burglary, August Kauffman said he obtained expert knowledge of safecracking by study in the public' library.A husband isn't responsible for thecarelessness of his wife in driving anautomobile, the Supreme Court ofNew York ruled in a suit brought byHelen Tanzer, an actress, againstHenry P. Read.HEADACHY, COSTIVE,3ILIOUS "CASCARETS"Liver and Bowels are Clogged CleanThem Tonight! Fel Bully!Get a ten-cent box!Sick headache, biliousness, dizzi-ness, coated tongue, foul taste andI foul breath always :race them to atorpia liver; delayed, fermentingfood in the bowels or gassy, sourstomach. vPoisonous matter clogged in the intestines, instead of being cast out ofthe system is reabsorbed into theblood. When this poison reaches thedelicate brain tissue it causes coneres-! tion and, that dull, throbbing, sickening headache.Cascarets immediately cleanse thestomach, remove the sour, undigestedfood and foul gases, take the excessbile from the liver and carry out allthe constipated waste matter andpoisons in the bowels.A Cascaret tonight will surelystraighten you out by morning. Theywork while you sleep a ten-centbox from your druggist means yourhead clear, stomach sweet and yourliver and bowels regular for months.(adv)Sixty thousand women stormed theBilly Sunday tabernacle at Pittsburgwhen "mystery" meetings "for womenonly" were advertised. He delivereda conservative talk on eugenics.At Cleveland, 0., Common PleasJudge Kennedy told V. H. Bradley, aBedford, O., divorce petitioner, totake his wife to the "movies" often."The films are soothing to nerves,""he said.Near Poughkeepsie, New York, theother day, Fred Schuster was rescuedby a party of Vassar College girlswhen his sleich overturned and heI was pinned underneath. He was bad-ly injured.Clouds of sparrows roosting on thewarm bulbs dimmed hundreds of thebig electric signs on Broadway, NewYork, during the recent severe coldweather."TIZ" FIXES TIRED,SORE, SWOLLEN FEETGood-bye sore feet, burning feet.swollen feet, sweaty feet, smellingteet, tired teet.Good-bye, corns, callouses, bunionsand raw spots. Nomore shoe tightness, no more limpng with pain or"rawing up yourface in a er o n v"TIZ" is magical,acts right o ff."TIZ" draws outall the poisonousexudations whichpuff up the feet.Use "TIZ" and formisery. Ah! hnwyourcomfortable your feet feel. Get a 25cent box of "TIZ" now at any druggistor department store. Don't suffer.Have good feet, glad feet, feet thatnever swell, never hurt, never gettired. A year's foot comfort guaranteed or money refunded.M-2S& i viaMg$getREAL ESTATE TRANSFERS.The following real estate transfershave been lodged with Countyv ClerkPearce Paton for record ih . hisoffice:Sam McKinzie to Albert Rice, lot, inRuddles Mills. Price, $1, etc.John Hanley's heirs to W. T. Linville, 120.39 acres of land on Hinkston Creek. Price, $1, etc.J. W. Cannady to W. H. Trigg,house and lot near Millersburg. Price,$4,000.John M. Leer to T. S. Shannon, 188.61 acres o land on the Redmon pike.Price, $1, etc.W. G. Leer to John M. Lair, 175acres of land on the ' Jackstown pike.Price, $1, etc.D. S. Henry to S. W. and Hattieopears, 121.72 acres of land nearHutchison. Price, $1, etc.I W. H. Whaley, Jr., to J. H. Haggard, 173.02 acres of land on the Hawkins & Summins pike. Price, $1, etc.Mrs. Cordie Leer Buckley to Geo.Marshall, ect., 65 acres of land onHawkins & Cummins pike. Price, $6,000. W. T. Linville to W. W. Talbott,75.63 acres of land on HinkstonCreek. Price, $1, etc.James Gregory to N. H. Bayless,Sr., 68.87 acres of land on the Levypike. Price, $1, etc.C. G Dalzell to Geo. C. Flanders,43.43 acres of land on Levy pike, nearNorth Middletown. Price $1, etc.Mrs. Lula Bascom to J. T. Toadvine, 148 acres of land near Millersburg. Price, $1, etc.C. N. Squires to Emmett Wasson,39.20 acres on Little Rock and Jackson pike. Price, $3,920.Sam Mackey to H. S. Cavwood,269.31 acres on North Middletownpike. Price, $1, etc.J. T. Hedges to Sam and KateMacey, 467 acres of land on Jackstown pike.D. P. Hume to Wyatt and J. H. Martin, nine acres of land on the Peacock pike. Price, $3,500.C. D. Roebuck to R. B. Cameron,Vouse and lot on Cypress Street.Price, $1, etc.Whaley & McClure to James L.Shanks, 10 acres of land on the Paris& Ruddles Mills pike. Price, $3,000.R. B. Hutchcraft to M. G. French,51.82 acres of land on the Paris &Townsend pike. Price. $4,800.Jackson Stoffer to James L. Gregory, 172 acres of land on the PlumLick pike. Price, $10,811.52.Mrs. Nannie T. Chisholm to MrsElla Harris, house and lot in WhiteAddition. Price, $2,100.iCaywood & 'McClintock, to R. A.Mitchell, 4.48 acres of land near Bethlehem pike, near Paris. Price, $1, etc.Whaley & McClure to George C.Thompson. 417.87 acres of land onRuddles Mills pike. Price, $43,876.35. W. L. Yerkes to Tollie Young. 188acres of land on the Paris & NorthMiddletown pike. Price, $1, etc.J. H. Mullikin to D. S. Henry, 25.78acres of land on Ford's Mill pike.Price, $3,660.76.STEALING BIG FORTUNES.It Appears to Be Easier to Get AwayWith $10,000 Than WithTen Cents.t often seems easier to steal $10,000 than to steal 10 cents. The youthwho a few days ago spent $4 car fareand ran over from New York with abunch of stock and v)orrowed $200,000in Philadelphia is by no means anisolated individual.A Philadelphia broker not so longago got a good more than that anddidn't waste anything for car fare.His method was simplicity cubed. Hewould buy one share of stock for say$100, then raise the numeral to makeis 100 shares and so worth $10,000.The aperation was repeated, onlyin larger figures, and these fraudulentcertificates were taken to the banks,where a very great sum was borrowed. His transations went on for someyears before detection and then suicide ended the case.Earlier still, a Philadelphia streetrailway official, who seemed to needsome cash, filled out a bunch of newstock certificates in his own name andso got the money rather easily.The case of a safe deposit superintendent in Philadelpha acouple ofyears ago was even more extraordinary than these others.He took $1,900,000 in sureties,with about $30,000 cash from thevaults of the trust company that employed him.The securities were carried in twoold suit cases and were checked in aGerman city in an ordinary storagehouse. They remained there formonths untouched.This man crossed the ocean sixtimes during the subsequent negotiations with detectives for the returnof the stocks and bonds. He wentacross the American continent to SanFrancisco twice.His notive in traveling was to insert advertisements in about fifty different newspapers, as this was hismethod of carrying on his communications, with the authorities. He wentfrom place to place so that it was difficul to locate in which one of the fiftycities he might be.All of the securities were returned,but not the $30,000 cash.Quite a number of banks and somebrokers in Philadelphia have whatmay be called a blanket insurance.This is a diffierent thing from the ordinary bonding of indivduals, whichis done by the surety companies.A broker takes out say a $10,000policy to cover any loss whatsoeverwhich may occur through the erroror connivance of tin employe, orwhich comes from any outisder.It is the same thing as if a farmerwere to insure against any possibleloss to his crops through drought, excessive rain, heat, cold, hail or snow.You may insure yourself againsthaving a cold when the assembly .balloccurs, or against a case of measlesduring the next world's seriesThis greatest of belting concerns inthe world, which is known as Lloyd's,simply lays a wager at odds, which ithas carefully figured out, that this orthat thing won't happen.Judging by the prosperity of thisunique institution, it is also a safewager that if has the odds cipheredsomewhat- to ts own advantage. Philadelphia -Ledger.MNkMgggg nso needful assunshine.New Year'scThoughtful consumers of FUEL will resolve to obtain the highestefficiency for theirmoney during the year to come. This meansthat they will use3ox !7jdfe Coalj"THE FUELWITHOUT A FAULT." IDodsonThe HomeYards. South Main St.yfeEfc&SSS335SgXQteSS&;News Overthe State $&Young husband Missing.Danville Much apprehension isfelt for the safety of Earl Jenkins, 20years old, who has been absent fromhis home in this cuy a week. Hisyoung wife has been making a searchfor him, assisted by the police, butno trace of him can be found. Theyoung couple came here from Washington county five weeks ago.Eastsr MHIinery Stolen.Danville A large box of millinerywas stolen from the express transferoffice at the Danville depot. The police department was promptly notifiedand a search was instituted by Detectives Moore and Dunn. Eightyready-to-wear hats, said to be valuedat more than $1,000, were recoveredby the officers after a search. Thehats were returned to the expresscompany, but the box was not to befound. The hats Wsere shipped froma St. Louis wholesale millinery company to an establishment at Hustonville, Ky. Joseph Attains was arrested and placed in jan in connectionwith the theft. He was turned overto United States Marshal GarrardFord, of Middlesboro, and taken toFrankfort on a charge of havingstolen an interstate shipment.To be well dressed a man musthave four pairs of evening trouserson the Riviera, and tailors now differentiate them with one, two and threebraid stripes and no stripes at all.The Bishop of London, criticizedfor remaining single, publicly explained that he was a bachelor because he had always Been too busy toget married.A. D. Schwartz, of Cleveland, O., islooking for the four men who sold himfour vacant houses. He told the police the men didn't own the housesat all.Co-eds at the Ohio Wesleyan University, at Delaware, O., are eatingwithout forks. Meanwhile the arelooking for the joker.Every Cough Scatters GermsTO STOP THE SPREAD of colds Inlho family,allay the first couching by Soothing andSmoothing the Inflamed bronchial tubes "withDr. Bell'sPINE-TAR-HONEYIt also inhibits furthergerm growth.Granny Kctcalfo says Itain't what you're goln' todo, It's what you do do thatcounts when you're ailing."25c, 60c, $1.00. At AHDRUG STORES.wii"TELL BY THE BELL"For Sale by All Druggists.The High Calling of Motherhooddemands the utmost precaution in maintaining health at high efficiency.It is doubly important arid nothing in the world isScott s Emulsion, good cheer andScott's Emulsion makes the bloodrich and pure. It contains the vital fleshbuilding and bone-building propertiesand insures abundant nourishment. It strengthens the nervesand creates energy and vitalityduring this period.Expectant and iraraing mothersalways need Scott's Emulsion.YOUR DRUGGIST HAS IT 13-81I)ZiziiHBResolutionsr Dentonof Good CoalBoth Phones 140nwWallPaper. EstimatesFurnished onJobs CompleteHandsome Lineof Samples.Telephone 7S1I Solicit Your Trade99mALBEIT JONESoftyOct 3 tfH. M. HamiltonVeterinarianOffice, Butler's Drug Store Phones261.Residence, E. T. 546; Home, 449.Paris, Ky.(lOfeb-lmo)Mrs. J. H. Fuhnnan'sMessage andCucumber CreamOn Sale atYarden's Drns: StorefCANCER CURED! guarantee every case I un- Jdertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.of BOURBON POULTRY, CUREdown a chick's throat curestapes, A few drops in therinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Dte"eases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. kiiagta Jjg&For Sale by W. T. BrookswIvLytT f SWit ',' i - J.. V,.; j' '..-. "-m-. f-fV- fv..THE BOURBQN NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, MARCH 6. 1914THaaiSHCostsLesst-.yS"-&ifcS?-S!!i;:imKTl. j.-- aSX-11!1i3ri;;i::ti . r ii - ."?.'KiXlUiiS&Sil'ti:;tiitii&nsiBetterCALUMET''.'. "iSWrWA4iW)ygJKuujiwgggaECONOMY that's e thin you are1 " looking icr in these dajsof high living cost Calumet insures a wonderful saving in your baking. But it does more.It insures wholesome focd,tasty food uniformly raised feed.Calumet is made right to sell right to bake right. Askone of the millions of women who use it or ask your grocer.RECEIVED HIGHEST AVATJ3SWorld's Pure Food Exposition, Chic go. III.fans exposition, trance, March, 1912.RE3H&PUBLIC HEALTH AND WELFARELEAGUE.Yo 2sa't save coaey wtea yoa bay cttan or tlx-can baHcs vowier. Don't tc xnisled. Bar CIssst.!ti more eceaosiczl more wholesome ht teit resell. Calaatt b far saperior to soar cilk sad soda.?$$$II Big i! Clearance Sale 1Now Going On8Big Cut onWinter GoodslingSeventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.a9ftftftafttn9$L. dc R. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trains jrrieNo. v FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily . . 5:21 am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily..., 5:18am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y ,7:35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:42 am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily ,.. 9:38am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10:20 am12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily. . .-. 10:24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ' 3 : 10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:15 pm138 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:33 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:30 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5:35 pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily : 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily .' 6:23 pm3L Cincinnati, O., Daily . . 10:50 pmTrains De-partNo. TO34 Cincinnati, O., Daily ., 5:28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday - 5:35 am7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ; 7:47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7:50am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9:43 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9:45 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10:29 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily JS:?1 am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily J2: :05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12 : 04 am13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3 : 33 p m38 Cincinnati, O., Daily V m9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:56 pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,. loo m32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6;208Pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday S:Spin30 Cynthiana. Ky., Daily Except Sunday J: 40 pm31 Lexington. Ky., Daily nllj?131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57pmNo.9No.13Trains .iLrrrveFROMFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday IrXFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday o. &u pnTrains IDeartTOFrankkfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday JO an.Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday b. J5 pm(Continued from page 1)Miss 'Lucy Simms.Mrs. C. O. Hinton.Miss Hattie Clark,Mrs. W. E. Simms.Mrs. Custis Talbott.Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland.Mrs. Ed. Burke.Mrs. D. B. Anderson.Mrs. Phil Nippert.Mrs. John Connell. j'Mrs. A. H. Morehead.Mrs. J. S. Wilson.Mrs. Harry Kerslake. .Mrs. Wade Whitley. .Mrs. Ed. Keller.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft. ;yMiss Louie Bruer.Miss Nellie Buckner. vMiss Mary McCarthy.Miss Josephine Hayden.Miss Nellie Schwartz.Miss Celeste JLucas.Mrs. J. T. Varaant. .Mrs. W. O. Hinton.Mrs. Tom Allen.Mrsw H. C. Buckner. VMrs. A. P. Thompson. ;Mrs. C. A. McMillan. ,Mrs. Harry B. Clay.Mrs. Russell Mann.Mrs. John Flanagan.Mrs. A. J. Winters.Mrs. C. Arnsparger. --'Mrs. Henry Power. 'Mrs. George Ellis.Mrs. T. F. Roche.Mrs. S. T. Chipley.Mrs. W. W. Judy.Mrs. E. L. Harris.Mrs. Frank Jacobs.Mrs. J. F. Dutton. ' aMrs. Wm. Myall.Mrs. Walter Payne.Mrs. J. D. Bruer.Mrs. I. L. Price.Miss Mary F. Hutchcraft.Miss Julia O'Brien.Miss Madeline Huddleson.Miss Ollie Chambers.Mr. A. J. Winters.Mr. J. F. Dutton.Mr. E. T. Rule. :Mr. W. S. Kiser.Mrs. Denis Dundon.Miss Annie Lyle.Miss Lucile Price.Miss Ella Mitchell. .Miss Mary Bashford.Miss Chiles.Miss Elizabeth Embry. ';Miss Bettie Holt. "Mr. C. O. Hinton.Mr. James McClure.Mr. E. H. Gorey.Mr. Catesby Spears.Mr. W. H. Whitley.Prof. T. A. Hendricks.Mrs L. D. Redmon.Mrs. Ossian Edwards.Mrs. Arthur Hancock.Mrs. John Sweeney.Mrs. Chas. Goldstein.Miss Laura Lilleston.Miss Bessie Wilson.Miss Florence Wilson.Mrs. J. O. Marshall.Mrs. Harry Stamler. (Mrs. Hord Mann.Mrs. Dun ran Bell.Mrs. M. H. Dailey.Mrs. W. L. Yerkes.Mrs. Ford Brent.Mrs. R. J. Nfifily.Mrs.. Walter Clark.Mrs. "FrnnV Tfithian.Mrs. Clell Turney.TTrs. Fbt. Gein.Mrs. Albert Hinton.Mrs. P. D. Shea.Mrs. Geo. McWilliams.Mrs. Withers Davis.Mrs. Will Woodford.Mrs. J. D. Burnaugh.Mrs. Amos Turney, Sr.Mrs. Nellie Highland.Mrs. J. W. Bacon.Mrs. Brice Steele.Mrs. Wm. Hinton. Jr.Mrs. John McCarthy.Mrs. W. H. Harris.Mrs. I. F. McPheters.Mrs. Edward Prichard.Mrs. W. G. McClintock.Mrs. Woodford Daniel.Mrs. Lewis Taylor.TWO THOUSANDKENTUCKY BOYSTHEATRICALDRN GLUBSReport of Field Agent ShowsHow Work Is ProgressingIn This State.GOOD RESULTS INDROUGHT SEASONComprehensive Drainage System Will Be DevisedBy Engineer.Pava'owa at The Ben AM Theatre.Our old friend, the tango, will becovered with rust, and the turkey trotwill be cobweDDy ana oiai .uireprophecy, and perhaps it might bemodulated, but none other than thequeen of the dance herself, Pavlowa,is to show the very latest things inmodern society dancing. When theinimitable Mile. Anna brings her bigcompauy to the Ben AH, Lexington'stheatre beautiful, for two performances, Saturday, March 14, the "Gavotte Pavlowa" will be a feature ofthe program. This is the dance thatPavlowa introduced on the stag'e atthe Metropolitan Opera House, underthe nameof the "Gavotte Directoire,"and which New York society immediately adopted and laueled "Pavlowa."The Gavotte will be only one of themany brilliant features of the Pavlowa performance here. Those ballets and divertissments which havewon the higherst praise from the critics and public of New York and Bostoin will be seen here. The majornumber will be the dance-drama, "TheMagic Flute," which is not related toMozart's opera of the same name, andTHE FORTY YEAR TESTAn article must have exotgtio Kmerit to survive for a period of Jfortjryears. Chamberlain-s Cough Remairwas first offered to the public in 1S73LFrom a small beginning it has grows,in favor and popularity until it has attained a world wide reputation. Yiwrwill find nothing better for a cougir occold. Try it and you will understandwhy it is a favorite after a period: ":more than forty years. It not otfyrgives relief it cures. For sale by att edealers.(March) CarFRANKFORT, Ky., March 1. Howfar the farm demonstration work conducted by the Federal Bureau ofPlant Industry, through co-operationwith the State Department of Agriculture and the university and normalschools, reaches into and grips therural community life, may be seenfrom facts laid before the bureau inthe annual report or Jesse M. Jones,field agent in charge of Kentucky,West Virginia, Maryland and Virginiawho took charge of the work last July.The organization of fifty farmers'clubs, for co-operatvve buying ' andselling and the study of agriculturethe enrollment of 2,000 boys into cornclubs, and the success of 93 of themin a drought season m raising an average of 63 bushels to the acre; the organization of night schools, where therudiments of a common education, besides the elements of agriculture, aretaught to men from 18 to 54 years ofage; the invitations accepted by theagents to fill the pulpits in countryand village churches and talk on agriculture to the congregations; thesaving of thousands of dollars throughco-operative buying of limestone andhog cholera serum; the purchasing ofimproved farm machinery; the acquisition by farmers of counties,where agents are stationed, ofthoroughbred stock; the care of oldfruit trees; the drainage of land; there-establishment of pastures and deeper plowing are among the instrumentalities that Mr. Jones says are bringing back the productivity of Kentuckyland and awakening the farmers to asense of the mutuality of their interests.Federal Help in Drainage.The bureau took over theAt Zanesville, O., Herman Hart:man forgot to put a potato in his shoe,during a home talent show, and as atresult, Ben Elliott cniseled off Bergman's big toe, thinking it vrasc the potato.HAD CATARRH'FIVE YEARS.is done to Drigo's music. With Pavlowa depicting the heroine herself andNovikoff taking the part of her chosenswain, "The Magic Flute" is a rusticcomedy, picturesque and mirthful.Besides "The Magic Flute" therewill be another but shorter ballet onthe program, done to the music ofWeber's "Invitation to the Dance."Mr. Johnson of St.Elmo. Illinois, wastroubled fiveyears withcatarrh. Thecatarrh wasbo severe inhis casethat his lifeseemedthr eatened.A Via rw S"Nlr .-t &$presses ilhimself, hehad "onefoot in thegrave."Of coursehe tried toget relief.Many practitioners were consulted and acatarrhspecialist inSt. Louis was triedM3XEaP&: "&l W??HvS7?'vwN''' "" 'vw,"S,': "" -3T5SR7R. S. S. JOKN5GNSt. EInso, Hinoj This, too, is a tale of youthful love,farm I These two ballets of ocular .opera, asdemonstration management July 1 of j they are called, will be followed by alast year, prior to which time eight j number of divertisments which havemen jiu.u ueeu matiing tdiiu ueuiun-OUR BEST OFFER!The Biggest Combination Bargain ofStandard Publications EverOfferedHERE IS THE OFFER:The Bourbon News.l year, $2.00.The Weekly Enquirer, 1 year, $1.00Farm and Fireside, semi-monthly, 1year, .50 cents.Household Journal and Floral Life,monthly, 1 year, .50 cents.Poultry Husbandry, monthly, 1year, .50 cents.To-Day's Magazine, monthly, 1year, .50 cents.Our Special Bargain Priceall Six, Each One Year, $2.75.forWe consider this the biggest -andbest bargain we have ever been ableto offer our readers. Our own publication heads the list The other fivehave millions of readers and are toowell-known to need a further introduction. Please remember that our contractwith the publishers is limited andthis offer may be withdrawn at anytime. Take abvantage now while theopportunity is yours and you will notregret the investment. If you arealready a subscriber to any of theabove your subscription will be extended one year from the time it expires. Call or mail orders toTHE BOURBON NEWS,Paris, Ky.Women dress to pleas the men, butsome men are so all-fired contrarythey refuse to be pleased.We can discover a fault in a friendin ten seconds that we probably couldnot discover in ourselves in ten years.IVIany a man'5 toes turn up whilewaiting .for a dead man's shoes.Lot of girls who .pose as candy kidsdevelop into lemon drops later.When a man sticks to a job hedoesn't like, it's because he needs themoney.Many a" man who thought he couldset the world on fire turned out to bea wet blanket. " . -- . ' -- ?Cis SicknessA Smmm ? A sin fm mm m Commissionor a Sin of Omission? Or Both?"Wo transgress Nature's laws, the Liverstrikes, tnen we omit or neglect untilwe ache or sicken.Loosen the dammed-up bile. Keep itloose with the old time-tried May AppleEoot, (Podophyllin.) Podophyllzn withthe gripe taken oat is calledKBaBaBnHBBHFor Sale by All Druggists.strations. Since then five men havebeen added at one time and six at another, all the agents receiving halftheir salaries from local sources, bysubscriptions or appropriations byFiscal Courts. To assist in the improment of farm property, Mr. Jonessays, a drainage engineer will be appointed. Last year one agent mappeda drainage system of 1,000 acres andsupervised the tilling of it. Anotheragent tilled 13 farms. A comprehensive system of drainage districts willbe devised by the drainage engineer.The State Department of Agriculture, the State University and theNormal schools are co-operating inthe work and to show some of the results obtained the first year Mr. Jonesreports:"Work was conducted on 584 different places along various lines.There were 190 demonstrations ofcorn on 1,295 acres, making an estimated average yield of 10 to 25 bus.more than fields cultivated in the ordinary way."In one county there were forty-sixdemonstrations of potatoes. In theother counties much work was donewith truck crops. Eighty-two fields ofalfalfa were started, averaging two tofive acres. More than fifty fields ofcowpeas were sown. In some countiesthe increase was as high as 200 percent. Several demonstrations with tobacco were conducted."Of cover crops seventy-nine crimson clover fields were established,their size estimated to be ten acres orover. Seven fields of vetch were likewise sown. More than one hundredcrops of rye, wheat and oats werestarted under the personal directionof the county agents and this doesnot include the many thousands ofacrs that were sown indirectly because of their newspaper articles andaddresses on the subject."One hundred and forty-five rotation crops were established on asmany farms, and several entire farmswere turned over to the county agentsto be supervised by them. Fortyone orchards were -pruned, sprayedor planted and many others inspected. Three of the agents pruned,sprayed or planted 7,000 trees."More than 14,347 hogs were inoclated for hog cholera, with almostcomplete success. In one county anepidemic of catarrhal lever amonghorses and mules was stopped by theuse of anti-toxin. This anti-toxin wasbought co-operatively at a direct saving to the farmers ot $2,000. In another county an epidemic among poultry was stopped at once."Eighteen pure-bred sires werebrought into the counties worked byour agents.Farm Watej Systems."The installation of water systemsin farmhouses, the erection of 173silos and the purchase of hundredsof improved cultivators and otherfarm machinery in counties where theagents operated is mentioned."Fifteen pastures were established," says the report, "for the grazingof cattle and hogs. Besides thesepastures, many farmers were inducedto pasture cowpeas, soy beans, alfalfaand clover fields with hogs.Fully half the demonstrators already selected have broken theirdemonstration . fields. This plowingalso caused the Metropolitan criticsto proclaim that the Pavlowa com- j Dus 0niopany nas euiiyseu ius luimei giuij'. iIn addition to the Gavotte, danced! with M. Berge, Pavlowa will do with INovikoff the never-to-be-forgotten"Bacchana.le Novikoff has a solo, a"Pirate Dance." a barbaric bit oflithsome dancing. The leading supporting dancers will do the "Hungarian Rhapsody," and also a "Dance ofSpringtime." There will also be aGrecian Idyll, called "Moment Musicale," and a dainty fragment, "TheRose and the Butterfly." The Danseuses with Pavlowa are. attractingalmost as much attention for theirbeauty of face and figure as for theirsurpassing grace.Mail reservations for seats arenow being taken. Please accompanysame with money order and stampedenvelope. Prices $1.00 and $3.00 forboth performances.R. S. Porter represents the Ben Allin this city, and will receive ordersfor seats to either performance.(6-3t)He got sojrealc:and thoroughly rezi down that he declares he could not walk more than,a hundred yards without resting.Few people understand that catarrtt.13 a constant drain art the systemThe discharge of mucus which isrgoing on in such cases is largely composed of blood serum, and is a srect:waste. Sooner or later it will weaken,the stronsst man.According to reports received fronMr. 'Johncon, he was in a. desperatecondition, but ho found relief fromhi3 trouble. We will let him say horrhe found it His own words say:"My friends told me to take Beruna, and I did so. I now feel thatPeruna has saved my life. It is the:best medicine en earth, and I wonldCnot be without it." NThis seems almost too -good to be:true. No doubt there are some readers that will think so. The above?,statements, however, can be verified,by writing Mr. Johnson.Every home should be provided "withtthe last edition of "The Ills of Life,sent free by the Peruna Co., ColumTjpewilieis...We SellAll MakesEvery now and then you run acrossa Wise Guy who knows everythingthat isn't worth knowing.GIRLS!. DRAW A MOISTCLOTH THROUGH HAIRMTry This! Hair Gets Thick, Glossy,Wavy and Beautiful at Once.Immediate! Yes! Certain? -that's the joy of it. Your hair becomes light, ttavy, fluffy, abundantand appears as soft, lustrous andbeautiful as a young girl's after aDanderine hair cleanse. Just try thismoisten a cloth with a little Danderine and carefully draw it throughyour hair, taking one small strand atat a time. This will cleanse the hairof dust, dirt or excessive oil, and injust a few moments you have doubledthe beauty of your hair. A delightful surprise awaits those whose hairhas been neglected or is scraggy, dry,faded, brittle or thin. Besides beautifying the hair, Danderine dissolveseverv particle of dandruff, cleansespurifies and invigorates the scalp,faorevere stopping itching and fallinghair, but what will please you mostwill be after a few weeks' use, whenyou see new hair fine and downy atfirst yes but really new haid growing all over the scalp. If you care forpretty, soft hair, and lots of it, surelyeet a 25-cent bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine from any drug store ortoilet counter and just try it.(adv)Underwood No. 5, $50.00.Underwood No. 4, $45.00Oliver No. 5, $60.00. 7Oliver No. 3, $40.00.Oliver No. 2, $30.00.L. C. Smith Bros. No. 5, $60.00i.L. C. Smith Bros. No. 2, $50.00- ,L. C. Smith Bros. No. 1, $40.0L.Remington No. 10, $40.00. 'Smith Premier No. 10, $40.(KLRemington No. 6, $20.00.'Smith Premier No. 2, $20.00.Blick, $20.00, all models.Blue Grass Ribbons, 75c each, fasall machines.Carbon Paper $1.50- per 100' sheets...Typewriter Oil 25c. Ihas been deeper than formerly.Practically all the demonstratorshave been selected by Hie hill system."Besides urging home mixing offertilizers, in four counties co-operativebuying was effected, saving 12to 26 per cent, of $2 to $5.50 a ton.Forty-four cars of limestone were purchased directly through the influenceof county agents. In one county a reduction of 20 cents a ton in freightwas obtained, also 25c a ton in thecase of coal. In several counties areduction of 50 ' cents to $1.10 a- tonwas made in purchasing limestone.Five limestone crushers were pru-chased."We handle more Typewrites in one;week than some of these peddlers sellin a year.Candioto machines? are fully guaraarteed for two years.Easy terms to suit you. " t ,We have all models in stock:. .We have new machines, too.Phone or write us.The Josephi6anflloio 60.151, 153 and 155N, Broadway,I Lexington Kenfacy,V "-jTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY,, MARCH 6, 1914LM TO REDUCE1ERNATORIAL44,xI Wolf, Wile d Co. ITALK IS THE NOISEPASSENGER FAJormerli Jjsufnanj Straus' c9 Co.ON ARwE PHILI INEQi Invite Your Critical Inspection to Advance tT - .. A.'St.'tftornHuIJlKfi$!I, t1SIilauiA J11,MIMAbsol&tieSw Pes&K 'Many mixtures are offered assubstitutes for Royal. No otherbaking powder is the same in.composition or effectiveness, orso wholesome and economical,nor will make such fine food.Royal Baking Powder is made from pure,Grape Cream of Tartar. No alum,lime or acid phosphates.STATE HEALTH BOARD ISSUESANOTHER SMALL-POX WARNINGBy order of the State Board ofHealth another warning against smallpox has been issued by the Presidentand Secretary of the organization. Itas as follows:' "To the Health Officials and Peopleof Kentucky:"A few cases of small pox exist inmost of the counties of Kentucky.This loathsome disease can only occur in. people who have not been vacckiated. Quarantine against individt1 cases of small pox is expensiveand useless, as it only gives a falsgsense of security. No one who has3)een properly vaccinated at leastthree places on the arm has ever hadsnail pox in Kentucky. There hasnever been an arm or a life lost fromvaccination in Kentucky. Properlydone by a competent physician it is-devoid of danger, is inexpensve andis the only preventive against smallpox. More money has been spent,most of it uselessly, in combatingsmall pox in the last few years in.Kentucky than has been expended inthirty years in protecting our peoplefrom typhoid fever, consumption andother common diseases of everydaylife, and yet more deaths have occurred from either typhoid or consumption in the past year than smallpox, yellow fever and cholera combined have caused in a century."The Board is frequently askedwhy the law requires vaccination atthree points an inch apart on the arm.Because experience teaches in Germany that no one having three ormore good scars has had small pox.Vaccination does its work of protection thjough the glands under thearm. Charging these glands fromthree points instead of one makesthem manufacture more of the protective element."As soon as a case of small pox occrs every individual exposed shouldhe promptly vaccinated or revaccinated, and there should be no secondcase of the disease. It is unnecessaryto quarantine the well, provided theyhave been successfully vaccinated."It is a misdemeanor punishable bya fine of from $100 to $1,000 fdr anyme having an eruption even resemblimg small pox to go on any publicstreet or road or any place where wellpeople are. If the court officials williforce this law and the one requiring"vaccination, they will actually put into practice some real economy insteadoT the variety it is popular to talk-about at election time. To preventnot only smal pox, but the commoner-and snore dangerous diseases thattsuise most of our sickness and death.in -Kentucky, we need simply real education, actual law enforcement, anda health officer in each jurisdictionwho can devote his entire time to, and.earn a living by preventing sicknessxa.i. death instead of treating peopleI 1 WE BEG TO ANNOUNCEWE BEG TO ANNOUNCEthat on Tuesday, March 3d, we- place on sale Spring Styles inNETTLETON SHOES(he footwear of distinction for menGeo. McWilliamsThe Shoe ManEg.."..V:for unnecessary sickness."It is a violation- of the law to beunvaccinated, and it is also unlawfulfor any person, firm or company toemploy any unvaccinated person inany work for salary or wages of anykind. Intelligent people will be vaccinated without compulsion becauseit is reasonable, necessary and lawful; and health and other officials areurged to see that those who are notintelligent be compelled to be vaccinated so that the unnecessary drain onthe city and county treasuries and thepurses of the people themselves fromthis entirely unnecessary pestilencebe stopped. Small pox, like murder,will only be prevented when the lawis enforced. In Germany they haveno small pox because they enforcecompulsory education and compulsoryvaccination."This Board urges all the people ofKentucky who read this to be vaccinated themselves at once, or be revaccinated if they have not been vaccinated within seven years, and to seethat their families, neighbors and dependents are vaccinated immediately."ON TRIAL.Messrs. Williams & Sons, of Itevenna, O., manufacture a first-class electric iron to sell for three dollars, andthe Paris Gas & Electric Co. have asupply of these irons on hand and willgladly send you one on ten days freetrial on receipt of your order. Askyour neighbor if she would be withoutone.NOTICE TO THE PUBLICHaving purchased the stock of theBourbon Lumber Co., we wish to assure the public that we will endeavorat all times to maintain the highprinciples of business integrity andhonest dealngs followed by our predecessors, Messrs. T. H. Tarr and JamesR. Stivers. We earnestly solicit thesame liberal share of your patronagewhich you have given to them in thepast, and will endeavor by prompt andcourteous service to merit your confidence and favor.To the many customers and friendsof the old firm we extend a heartywelcometo continue to make this theirheadquarters, and to those who maynot have favored this stand with theirpatronage in the past we extend anequal welcome assuring all the samecourteous treatment and satisfactoryservice.The reputation for complete stockwhich this yard has enjoyed for manyyears, we will strive to uphold andendeavor at all times to be able toserve the public promptly and satisfactorily. BOURBON LUMBER CO.,ROBT. COLLIER,M. PEALE COLLIER,(3mar.-2t) Managers1- mm"" i i A r i i y-jjConfident Beckham ForcesCasting About for a Suitable Candidate.uCANTRILL MAY-ENTER CONTESTNumber of Prospects for Congressional Honors Arej MentionedSince the General Assembly hasbeen in session at Frankfort somevery lively political talk has been going on, and just now the Senatorialrace of the year and the gubernatorial contest of next year have the center of the stage and the spotlight isplaying upon little elsewhere.There was some gossip last week inconnection with the gubernatorialrace which is engaging the attentionof a few of the Seventh district politicians. The Beckham forces, it issaid are feeling very comfortable overthe outlook for the success of theircandidate, and are beginning to castaDout tor a candidate for Governor.Among those mentioned in the listof guberntorial possibilities is Hon.Campbell Cantrill, Congressmanfrom the Seventh Kentucky district.Mr. Cantrill, it is said, when he waslast nominated for Congress, stronglyintimated, if he did not positivelypromise as some assert that he wouldnot again be a candidate for Congressand that he would not object to someday running for Governor of Kentucky. As a matter of fact, during hispolitical career Mr. Cantrill has accumulated a lot of political enemies inthis district, and should he secure thegubernatoral nomination it would beonly after a bitter contest.The Cantrill talk is by no means tobq taken as evidence that there arenot other candidates or possibilities.Here are a few gentlemen who areeither nominally in the race for Governor or who have friends who mayendeavor to induce them to get intothe race: J. H. Hazelrigg, of Frankfort, ex-Judge of the Court of Appealsbench; J. W. Newman, of Versailles,Commissioner of Agriculture; JamesGarnett, Attorney-General; Lieutenant-GovernorE. J. McDermott, of Louisville; Henry Bosworth, of Fayette,Auditor; J. N. Camden, of Woodfordcounty, and J. C. C. Mayo, of Paintsville. Commissioner Newman may be regarded as an out-and-out candidate.Judge Hazelrigg has taken very littleinterest in politics of late and for thatreason is regarded as a safe quantityin times like these.There are some strong undercurrents favorable to both Messrs. Camden and Mayo. Neither can be regarded as in any sense a candidate foroffice, but many of Mir acts and utterances, especially in the case of Mr.Camden, have given them pleasantpublicity, and attracted favorable attention to them as men of means whocould be of service, to the State and totheir party.The Seventh district Congressionalsituation is of moie local interestthan is gossip with reference to therace for Governor.Of course even should Mr. Cantrilldecide to go after the Governorshipit would not necessarily mean thathe would not be a candidate for thenomination for Congress. He couldbe re-elected to Congress this fall andalso run for Governor next year, butas he has stated, it is believed bymany that if he intends to run iorGovernor he will sidestep the Congressional fight for various reasons.With Mr. Cantrill. out of the racefor Congress a number of names atonce suggest themselves. Prominently at the head of the list is exRepresentative Preston Kimball, ofLexington. His friends would almostcertainly bring him out and urge hisnomination. He has been spoken ofas a probable candidate for CircuitJudge, but in all probability he wouldlook upon the other prize with morefavor.Other timber is made ud of CircuitJudgp R. E. Stout, of Franklin county; Claude Thomas, banker and farmer, of Bourbon county; Judge Gavle.of Owen, who filled out the unexpiredterm of Representative Evan Settle;John T. Hinton. Mayor of Paris: Harry biioDerth. of Woodford, who haspfnre sought tlip nomination: W. O.Davis, of Versailles: "Boh" Franklin.now a romher of the Fnvettp bar-Jude J. M. Benton, of Clark, who will"rohnblv stick to the bench, and JohnM. StPnhenqon, also of Clark, and Elwnnd Hamilton, member of the Legislature from Franklin county.will Dnviq. of VprcTpi11p:7 icn"-tpwpll thought of a! a nibble. Congri'nnq oandidnte hut he 1i9t srive" no'idence of ambitions in that directon. JUDGE HOWARD IN THECAPITAL ON LEGAL BUSINESS.A special from Washington yesterdav says:"Judge H. Olav Howard, formerUnited States Minister to Peru, ishere on legal business. Discussingthe Mexican situation. Judge Howardrecalled that Henry Clay Wilson, firmer Minister to Mexico, is a grandsonof Col. William R. McKee, at one timea leading citizen of Danville, Ky. Col.McKee was killed at the battle ofBuena Vista, as was also his friendand comrade, Henry Clay, Jr.Order to Go Into Effect AsSoon as Tariffs Can BeRevised2 1-2 cents'per mileon paying LinesAction of the Railroad Company in Reducing Ratesis VoluntaryThe Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company announces its intention to reduce, in the immediate future, the passenger fares on its linesin the State of Kentucky to a maximum of 2 cents per mile.This action on the part of Kentucky's principal rail carrier is voluntary, and is taken in order to equalizethe rates in its home State with therates effective or to be made effeciveon or before the date mentioned in theStates of Tennessee and Alabama.This Company adheres to its beliefthat a three cent fare is not whollyremunerative and is not unfair to thepublic. Nevertheless, in deference topublic opinion, particularly in otherStates, the management has decidedto apply the lower rate in the hopethat increased volume of traffic willsave material losses, and pursuant topromises heretofore given to the people of Kentucky it proposes, to placeKentucky on the same basis as other.States. Should the reduction provedisastrous, the Company will appealto the Railroad Commission for suchreadjustments as will be fair underall conditions.Thet reduction to "oe made will apply to all of the lines operated by theLouisville & Nashville Railroad Company for its own account in the Stateof Kentucky, with the exception of afew branches and new lines on whichthe passenger business is not now remunerative or is conducted at a loss.The reduction will be made effective on lines which are now producingover nine-tenths of the Company'stotal passenger earnings in the Stateof Kentucky; thus will affect ninetenths of the Company's passengerbusiness.The reduction proposed in Kentucky will not only apply on intrastatetravel between points within theState, but will also apply on interstate traffic over the same lines toand from poins within the State andthrough the State; also, as similarreductions have been or are to bemadeon the principal lines of travelin the States of Tennessee and Alabama, the effect on-interstate travelon the lines of he Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company will be to substantially establish a maximum rateof 21 cents per mile from the OhioRiver to the Gulf of Mexico.Some idea of the reductions to bemade by the Company in its passenger fares may be had when it is understood that the reduction in Kentucky, Tennessee and Alabama willrepresent an annual reduction in passenger revenues of about $900,000. InKentucky alone, the annual reductionin revenues will amount to about$130,000 on interstate traffic, andabout $250,000 on intrastate traffic, orto a total amount of about $380,000.The following list of the existingfares and the proposed new fares isillustrative of the reductions whichwill be made:From Louisville to Bowling Green,present fare, $3.41; new "fare, $2.84.From Lebanon to Louisville, present fare, $2.02; new fare, $1.68.From Corbin to Williamsburg, present fare, 53 cents; new fare. 44 cents.From Middlesboro to Covington,present fare, $6.74; new fare, $5.74.From Louisville to Guthrie, presentfare, $4.62; new fare, $4.10.From Owensboro to Russellville,present fare, $2.15; new fare, $1.80.From Henderson to Hopkinsville,present fare, $2.22; new fare. $1.85.From Louisville to Worthville,present fare, $1.62; new fare, $1.45.From Frankfort to Lexington, present fare, 86 cents; new fare, 72 cents.From Anchorage to Shelbyville.present fare, 57 cents; new fare, 48cents.From Paris to Richmond, presentfare, $1.16; new fare. 96 cents.From Louisville to Nashville, Tenn.,present fare, $5.50; new fare. $4.67.From Louisville to Memphis, Tenn..present fare, $11.40; new fare, $9.51.The proposed reductions will bemade effective as soon as the tariffscan be compiled and issued giving thenotice as required by law. It is nowestimated that the new intrastate tariffs will be made effective about April1 or shorly thereafter (certainly notlater than Mav 1, 1914), and that theinterstate tariffs will be published immediately therpafter to be effectivenot later than July 1. 1914. The greatmaoritv of interstate fares are jointwith othr railroads and such cannotbe compiled until the various Statetariffs in the several States are comoiled; the interstate tariffs remiirethe co-onerationof all connections,and as the fares in these are far morenumerous, involving many thousandsof figures which have to be calculated, there is naturally some delay.The legal notice reauired in connection with interstate fares is 30 days.MRS. MARV J. HARP'SADMITTSTRATOR NAMED.Coroner Rudolph Davis was yesterday appointed administrator - of theestate of the late Mrs; Mary J. Harp.He qualified .with Mr. George Alexander as his surety.I Shipments of Entirely New Models inSpring-Ready- ToWear ThingsThe Styles- of 1830, With Their. Puffs andRuffles and Furbelows, Promise to tReign Again During the Springand Summer of 1914 tWe are showing now the advanced ideas notonly in style, but in material and Jshades as well. JSuits in Moire and Taffetaother lightweight fabrics$20.00 to $85.00t Afternoon Gowns that are Serviceable; of Taffeta Silks,$, Crepe de Chene, Charmeuse and flowered CrepesI $18.75, $20 00, $25 00:ii - BLOUSESJ" The New Styles and Colorings are Beautiful.i Jap Silk Blouses $2.50Crepe de Chene BlousesLingerie BlousesDRESSOf soft beautifal fabrics,Silks and lightweight Crepe Woolenstowexing'ton? 2ESL37 - ICADILLAC MOTOR CO. WILLNOT MARKET A SIXHenry M. Leiand, President of theCadillac Motor Car Company, and recently elected to the presidency of theSociety of Automobile Engineers, corrects an erroneous impression whichseems to prevail in some quarterswith regard to the future plans andpolicies of his company."We could scarcely expect to control," says Mr. Leiand, "the very considerable volume of mouth to mouthadvertisipg which the Cadillac receives. It would keep us busy if wewere to attempt to deny or confirmthe many and varied reports that areconstantly being circulated concerning the Cadillac. But when a misunderstanding or misconception of themethods, plans or policies of the Cadillac Company is liable to creep intothis sort of gratitutions publicity, weconsider it a duty we owe the publicas well as ourselves to correct whatever inaccuracies may unwittingly bereported."We have experimented, it is true,with engines of six cylinders; in fact,we have built a number of such carsin the past four years. We have tested them to the utmost; and we havecompared them, point by point, with jsome of the most highly regarded'sixes' which we had bought for justthis purpose. It may be interestingto note in this connection, that we didnot find a single 'six' which, in ouropinion, outpointed our own in theseexhaustive tests. Most of them, infact, were outpointed by our own.These experiments may have beenthe basis of rumors that we were tomarket a six-cylinder Cadillac butthis company has no such intention."LESS DYSPEPSIA NOWHERE'S THE REASONThe fact that there is less dyspepsia and indigestion in this communitythan there used to be is largely, webelieve, due to the extensive use ofRexall Dyspepsia 'Tablets, hundredsof packages of which we have sold.No wonder we have fatith in them.No wonder we are willing to offerthem to you fo? trial entirely at ourrisk.Amone other things they containPepsin and Bismuth, two of thegreatest digestive aids known to medical science. They soothe the inflamed stomach, allay pain, checkheartburn and distress, help to digestthe food, and tend to quickly restorethe "stomach to its natural, comfortable, healthy state.There is no red tape about ourguarantpe. It means just what itsays. We ask you no questions.Your word is good enough for us. IfRexall Dyspepsia. Tablets don't restore your stomach to health andmake digestion easy and comfortable,we want you to come back for yourmoney. They are sold only at the7,000 Rexall Stores, and in this townonly by us. Three sizes. 25c, 50c.and $1.00 G. S. Va'rden & Son.(adv) -Silks, Crepe Wool Poplins and I$3.85 to $7.50 5$1! .OO to $6.GOSILKSembracing Taffeta and Moire$12.75of, uile Cc Co. Ii-0$veC-e$46!THE MARKETS. 1 "ooChicago" Grain.CHICAGO, March 5. After as easvstart to-day wheat rallied cut thehardening of prices was due moreto absence of offerings than to anspecial demand. Notice of export salesat Omaha tended slightly to heln thebulls. There were also advices" thatthe crop outlook in Russia had become less favorable. The opening wasunchanged to one-eighth at one-quartercent lower. Prospects of countryroads soon breaking up gave firmnessto corn. In oats buying on part ofcash houses strengthened the market.Wheat closed weak at three-eights atone-half to one-half net decline.Closed weak one-quarter at threeeights to three-quarters under lastnight. Oats closed for May at 40 l-2c.Cincinnati Grain.CINCINNATI, O., March 5. Wheatsteady 99$1.00; corn steady, 6768c; oats steady, 41 l-242c; ryesteady, 6667c; hay steady, $14.5018.50.Chicago Live Stock.CHICAGO, March 5. Hog receipts23,000; market slow; bulk of sales,$8.458.35; light, $8.358.60; mixed,$8.358. 0; heavy, $8.208.60; rough,$8.208.35; pigs, $7.358.40. Cattlereceipts 4,500; market steady; beeves,$7.209.75; Texas steers, $7.108.10;stockers and feeders. $5.50S.00;cows and heifers, $3.658.55; calves,$7.0011.00. Sheep receipts 22,000;market steady; native, $4.856.25;yearlings, $5.857.15; lambs, native,$6.757.65.Cincinnati Lve Stock.CINCINNATI, March 5. Ho- receipts 2,743; market slow; packersand butchers $8.558.70; common tochoice, $5.508.25; nigs and lights,$5.008.65; stags, $4.807.25. Cattle receipts 467; market slow; calvesslow and weak. Sheep receipt 190;market steady; lambs 10 cents lower,$5.75 8.10.Cincinnati Provisions.CINCINNATI, March 5. Provisionssteady, eggs firm, prime firsts 28c:firsts 2627c: seconds, 35c; n-mltrjsteady.-hens 15c; springers, 18?24c;turkeys, 22c.Qulcklr relieve "RhenmaHM. Sore 31ns-Uu TfunrAlcrf n..t..li. lln.irl.fhi rrtallvains. Your'money back if it fails tJMTS aDT acha in anv nart of tbe boX Ififteen minutes time.Jfrice GOc. A.t All Druggists,Free Mmpts asd clrsoUr test oa reqaeat.BOURBON REMEDY COMPAKY.342 East Main St., Lexington. KyFor Sale By W. T. BrookslJHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS', KENTUCRY, MARCH 6, 1914UHafaflManwia,(fS . JL- sCZfjs . c. 'srtfPtSZ.gpSSGHAS T1IC CESTOF ALL LINES MADEUGiAL AHD PERSONAL.CLOVER SEED.We have highestgrade of Red Clover,Afsike, Alfalfa andTimofehySccd at rightprices. See us beforeplacing your order.Chas. S. Brent Sc Bro.30-tf Phones 1 4.EX-PARISIAN BUYSLAND IN SCOTT COUNTYMr. Matt Turney, formerly of Paris,purchased recently of Mrs. LauraBell, at Great Crossing, Scott county,a tract of 35 acres of land, for whichfce paid $6,500.DINING TABLES.Thin of this beautiful diningTom tables at 4.75 up to $38.50 during our February and March sale.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.LIBERAL COMMISSIONAND SALARYLiberal commission and salary tolook after our business in your community. Interesting, dignified andHealthful work. Internatonal Magazine Company, 119 W. 41st Street,New York City. (6-2t)NOW OPEN.I have opened my new fruit standin the Kiely Building, on Main street,between Sixth and Seventh. Headquarters for all kinds of fresh fruits.(3-lt) TOM LONGO.HENDERSON STREETRESIDENCE IS SOLDMrs. Ernest Hosier, of Lexington,is the guest of her sister, Mrs. LeeStarke.Mrs. Elizabeth Simnson r.nn-Mnm'f "' At her home on Southj gineer C F. Redmon for theMrs. W. O. Hinton is suffering md ordered of record.from an attack of grip at her homeon High street.Mrs. Emily Parker is imnrovine-from a severe illness at her home onNineteenth street.Mrs. Harry Booth, of Louisville,is here for a visit to her parents, Mr.and Mrs. A. J. Fee.Miss Lena Whaley has returnedfrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. LacyClark, in Lexington.Miss Nancy Griffith has returnedfrom Kansas City, Mo., where shespent the winter.Dr. Hugh Johnson is critically illat a Cincinnati hospital, sufferingfrom stomach trouble.Mr. Ed. "Dickey" Doyle has returned from a visit to relatives inConcord, New Hampshire.Miss Artie Aahbrook, of Cynthiana, was the guest this week of hersister, Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft.Miss Ruth Walker, of Pontiac,Mich., is the guest of Miss Marie Talbott at her home near this city.Mr. Henry Paton, of Lexington, isseriously ill. Mr. Paton is a halfbrother of the late Ed. D. Paton.Mr. and Mrs.'Catesby Woodford,who have been spending the winterin Florida, returned home yesterday.Mrs. Samuel Clay, of Lexington,is the guest of Mrs. W. E. Board.Mrs. Clay came over to attend thefuneral of Mrs. Rebecca Hughes.Miss Edna Huffman, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. J. W. Huffman, is ill atthe home of her parents, on Mainstreet, threatened with typhoid fever.Mrs. J. Q. Frakes, of Louisville,who is the guest of Mr. and Mrs. LeeStarke, in this city, will leave nextweek for Tampa, Florida, to join herhusband.Miss Catherine Kelly, who hashas been taking a course of trainingat the Good Samaritan Hospital, inLexington, is the guest of Mr. andMrs. W. "H. Harris.Misses Elizabeth Steele and Corinne Collins will give a series of TheDansante at Elks Hall, commencingtonight. Special music has been engaged for the occasion.Mrs. Henry Power, Mrs. HelenForsyth and Misses Laura Lillestonand Frances Hancock, of the ParisMethodist church, attended the Missionary Meeting held in Winchesterthis week.Mr. L. B. Purnell, deputy assessorof Bourbcn, has recovered from theeffects of a sprained ankle which hesustained several days ago while hewas crossing the street in front of theAgricultural Bank building, on Mainstreet.Miss Josephine Marshall, whohas" been the guest of Mr. and Mrs.Arthur Hancock for several weeks,has refurned to her home in Char-. . , , . ,. lottCjVille, Va. Miss Marshall wasOne of ou- specials dunngour big h admJred hPre and during herI1 ? fo?lds b"ltal whlte crib visit was the recipient of much social(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER &CO.LITTLE BUSINESS BEFORETHE FISCAL COURTThe Bourbon Fiscal' Court met inlesmar montniy session yesterday, 1wim juuge j. a. McMillan presidingLittle business -of importance wastransacted. Claims to the amount of?1,178.15 were allowed and nrtfprprtJaid. The report of County Road Engineer C. F. Redmon for the month nfj February was presented to the courtHarris & Speakes sold a few daysago the residence of Mr. Louis Earlywine, on Henderson street, who nowlives in Chicago, to Mr. R. T. Welling,for about $3,000 cash. Possessionwil be given in a short time.INCUBATOR OIL.We have the best of oil for incubators. (6-lt) C. P. COOK & CO.CARLISLE MAN IS MADEDEPUTY COLLECTORThe Commissioner of Internal Revenue Tuesday announced the appointment of S. W. Keller, of Carlisle, tobe deputy collector of income tax inthe Seventh Kentucky Inlernal Revenue district. Senator Ollie Jamesrecommended the appointment. Mr.Keller is owner of the Carlisle Mercurv, and a son of the late Col. G. R.Keller, one of the best-known newspaper men in the State.FEBRUARY AND MARCH SALEMiss Hunt, representinc the StateTuberculosis Association, addressedthe court in the interest of the Bourbon County Health and WelfareLeague, asking for an appropriationfrom the county in maintaining anurse, and the court voted $450 annually to be paid monthly.The County Treasurer was orderedto pay over to Mrs. Mary A. Redmonthe sum of $6,000 from the HamiltonFund, the same to be secured bymortgage on 130 acres of land.An order was entered for pauperDhysicians of the Paris precinct toextend the limits to two miles fromthe corporate limits of the city. Afteracting upon a few minor matters,court adjourned.NEW LESSEES TAKECHARGE OF THE GRANDThe Colonial Amusement Co., ofLexington, which h&s secured a leaseon the Grand Opera House- in thiscity, assumed charge Monday, and alarge force of men have been engagedsince that time in placing the building in condition for the opening ofthe theatre under the new management, which will be on next Thursdayevening, when the performance of"Slumberland" will be presented forthe benefit of the public school..COLUMBIA THEATRE TOBE REOPENED NEXT WEEKThe Columbia Theatre, which forthe past ten days has been closed,during which time it has undergoneextensive remodeling on the interior,will probably be completed and readyfor reopening on next Monday. Theflooring of the theatre has been tornout and lowered, and a new gold fibrescreen together with other improvements will be installed withtin thenext few days.Guaranteed.A guarantee is placedpackage of Butter-Wheat.on everyiSaWslwaiiCihas a place yin every home 'Its artistic design and beautiful music have made it welcome in homes of wealth andrefinement everywhere.And the many different stylesof the Victor-Victrola make itpossible f6r every home to haveone of these wonderful instruments. Come in and see about yours today. $is to $200 and if desiredwe'll arrange it so you can enjoyyotir Victor-Victor while paying foritDaugherty! &"Akte s n a e newest and prettiest-VV weaves.Ymbroidered crepes and voiles for the daintygg -t-' blouses.H "PVess goods, the high novelties as well as 'theA JLSIstaples.nprimmings, everything that's new we always13 J- have it. xI T Tnrinkable dress linens; think of it! A newts - feature in linens.9 repes and crepe de chines, the leading materialsM V for the coming season.9 Tvimona satine entirely new; looks5 like silk.J Tmbroideries; large stock ready for your5 - 4 Spring and Summer needs.mm TD alines in solid colors, brocades andg XV plaids.I W. Ed Tucker.:Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.XBros.ONLY ONE MORE WEEK OF"SLUMBERLAND" REHEARSALSINJURED BAGGAGEMANBROUGHT TO THIS CITY'Mr. Wheeler Lykins, a baggagemaster on the L ouisville & Nashvillerailroad, who was injured about fourweeks ago when the car in which hewas riding was "sideswiped" nearKnoxville, Tenn., was brought to hishome in this city, Wednesday night.In the accident N Lykins sustained abroken leg, from the effects of whichhe was confined in a hospital in Nashville until he could be'removed to thiscity.SANITARY COUCH.We are offering a beautiful SanitaryCouch at $2.75 during ourFebruaryand March sale.(27-tf) A. P. WHEELER & CO.BOURBON FARMER 8UYSLAND IN NICHOLAS COUNTYMr. Edsell Clarke, a well-knownfarmer living near Little Rock, purchased this week from Mr. Mike Curry, of Nicholas county, 155 acres ofland, located near East Union, at $121per acre. The land is a portion ofthe farm recently sold by the heirs ofthe late Mrs. Susie Clark. The Clarkland originally contained 317 acres,and was sold at public auction lastFriday in Nicholas, for a total of$35,505.LENTEN SPECIALSRead this list of specials forthe Lenten season and phone us yourorder:Pickled Herring. White Fish, Milker Herring, Roll Mops, Salt Mackereland Fresh Salmon.(24-tf) T . C. LENIHANUSE OF OPERA HOUSEDONATED TO SCHOOLatentionMrs. W. H. Harris eentertained ather home on Vine street, with a luncheon Wednesday afternoon, at 1 o'clockin compliment to her guest. MissScudder, of Chicago. The deliciousluncheon was served buffet style, andquantities of spring flowers, jonquilsand tulips, added beauty and fragrance to the scene. The followingguests enjoyed the lovely hosDitality:Mesdames ,B. A. Frank, Robert L.Frank, Lewis TaDlor, Buckner Woodford. Jr., Amos Turney, Jr., EdwardPrichard, Withers Davis, RudolphDavis, Albert Hinton, John Brennan,White Varden, E. M. Dickson, HarryMathers, John Williams, Tom Allen&nd Clell Turney; Misses Belle Hor-ton, Corinne Collins. Mary FithianHutchcraft and Carolyn Roseberry;Mrs. Irene T. Myers, Dean ofWomen at Transylvania University,Lexington, was a visitor in Paris,Wednesday, and was a guest of theParis Literary Club and of the Progressive Culture Club.Dr. Myers came to Paris at the invitation of Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay,Jr., and gave an excellent addrsss on"Woman as an Economic Factor."This was not Dr. Myers' first talk before a Paris audience, but never didshe appear to a better advantage, orhandle her subject more to the pleosure and interest of her hearers.. Shetreated the theme from the educationaal, professional, industrial andcommercial viewpoints, dwelling atlength upon each, and also upon thesubject of wages, hours, and healthconditions.Dr. Myers is a general favorite inParis, on account of her brilliant intellect, charming personality and cordial manner, and her talks are alwaysheard with delight.After the address an informal reception was held, and chocolate and 1 5Only one more week of rehearsalsand "Slumberland," the big musicalextravaganza that is attracting somuch attention in Paris, will be readyfor its presentation at the ParisGrand. The dates lor "Slumberland"have been set for Thursday and Friday nights, March 12 and 13. Theprices will be 50, 75 and $1.00, and thesale of seats will be at Clarke &Co's drug store. The show here willbe given just as it is presented in thelarge cities, Avhere the prices rangefrom fifty cents to $2.50, using thesame, costumes, music and electricaleffects.It is understood tviat there is morepretty music and dancing in "Slumberland" than in any show traveling,and especially will our young ladiesbe attractive in these groups.The sale of seats will be opened onMonday, and those desiring specialreservations are requested to havethem checked off early, as it is expected "Slumberland" will have fullhouses.Housework by coloredquire at News office.boy. In-(6-lt)OLD SONG PROGRAM FORBAPTIST CHURCH TO-NIGHTA pleasing program of "Old Songs"will be rendered at the Baptist Church&mBwmmTwhsMmywrs iismfim- ri , 1 iit Tnrntr--Tr ' i i ! n r ' Tin tTrnrjirrrrarm onaia!4Clean-Up Sale ofWall Pepsr andat50c on the Doltar.Administrator's Notice.All parties having claims againstthe estate of the late Mary J. Harpare requested to present same properly proven according to law to theundersigned for payment. Those?knowing themselves indebted to saidestate will please call and settle. Allclaims not presented by March 28,1914, will be barred.RUDOLPH DAVIS,(62t) AdministratorFor RentHouse of four rooms, kitchen, bath,pantry, hot and cold water, large -gar-j den, and fruit trees; located on Hig-gms Avenue. Apply toMRS. JOHN CAIN, SR.We have purchased from the National Five and Ten Cent Store theirentire stock of Wall Paper, at about50c. on the dollar. To close thisstock out quickly we have cut pricesin half.Oa.tmeal papers, all the leadingshades and fancy patterns, 30 incheswide, worth 20c. a bolt, now 10c.Fine papers were 15c, now 71yc.Excellent papers, were 10c, now 5cOdds and ends of all kinds le. ahnlt.l-l ': ftw Desirable Honse For Re atit out, your choice at lc a bolt. I offer for rent privately, the at-A big lot of fancy 9 inch and 18 inch ( tractive brick dwelling house on High.Border, atlc. and 2c a yard. A lot of ! street, near Eight street, which willFriday evening, March 6, by some of high-grade ceiling papers at reduced be ready for occupancy on March 10-.our best local talent, also a charming prices. I This up-to-date residence containsplaylet by several little girls. Twen- A highgrade lot of Special Made to nine rooms, bath room, pantry, eightty-five cents will be the small admis- Order Window Shades, regular price, J large closets, two large attic rooms,sion fee. 75c each. 42 and 44 inches wide. 7 ! etc. The house is equipped with nat-feet long, the leading colors, every J ural gas for lighting and heating, beshade and roller guaranteed, a limited ' sides electric lights, and the ownerquantity at this price only. , has furnished the best quality shadesTake advantage of this opportu- j for all windows. Large basement unnity; you may never have another. j der building, and first-class cistern atj the door, with pump in kitchen. ThisI ' property should be seen to be appre-nnir vn ir 1 tt I ciated For further information, ap-iruc rmK.jpiytf)CHAS. PEDDICORD BUYSWEATHERALL PROPERTYAuctioneer George D. Speakes soldyesterday at public auction the property of Mr. J. F. Weatherall, on Mainstreet, opposite the Elks' building toMr. Chas. Peddicord, for 4,910.J. T. HINTON.rH. M. HamiltonVeterinarianOffice, Butler's Drug Store Phones261.Residence, E. T. 546; Home, 449.Paris, Ky.(lOfeb-lmo)rit-r mrr-if-r - -. i .-When yoa feet SitZiXvous, tired, worried or despondent it issure sign yon need MOTT'S NERVER1NPILLS. They renew the normal vigor armake life worth living. Be sure and ask fMott's Nerverine Pills ftlWILLIAMS MFG. CO.. Props., Cleveland, OhiaL. Oberdorfer, Druggist. Paris, Ky...$$Swafers were daintily served.Mr. J. B. Elliott, president of theColonial Amusement Co., which controlsthe Alamo Theatre here, and anumber of theatres in Lexington, andthe new lessee of the Paris Grand Opera House, has donated the use of theGrand for two nights to Prof. Hendricks, of the Paris City Schools, forthe coming production of "Slumberland," which will be presented thereThursdav and Friday nights, March12 and 13.This is certainly an act of greatkindness to the school, and is probably the first time in the liistorv ofthe management of the Grand thatsuch a thing has happened. Mr. Elliot, being a perfect stranger to Paris,has shown a disposition to help thecrood causp along, and has, by so doinc installed himself in the gooriwishes of every resident and school jHiUrf in the citv. Those who knowMr. Elliott gerponsllv say he is a thor-o-.ghgentleman and an excellentmanager.NOTABLE PERSONAGE INCOURT ON MINOR CHARGE.That there was nothing in a namewas never more fittingly demonstrated than wherT a few days ago LordGod and George Washington were arraiened in the county court on a minorcharge, but were dismissed after theevidence had been heard by the court.God and Washington are both colored men and is was alleged thatWashington told a lie on God and thelatter becoming incensed over thefalsehood flew into a rage and attempted to annihilate the namesakeof the father of our counlry. Twoother persons with less imnortantnames were also arrested in onn action with the case and were also dismissed. All of the men wero employed at a railroad construction camDand following the trouble a warrantwai sworn out for their arrest by afpreman in charge, and they were tij Marchs Coughs..,.I They Are as Bad as AnyThere's no cold like aMarch cold for aggravation. OurSuperior Cough Balsomis a guaranteed CoughCure guaranteed to curethe cough or you canhave your money back.It helps all kinds ofcoughs in all kinds ofweather.It's good to take nosickish taste, no aftereffect of unpleasantness.'Simple and Effective' 'best describes it.25c a bottlePeople's PharmacyDoyle Building 8th and MainBoth PhonesAJtT.INT0IN CO.ISS OUR BIG SALE I'WE SAVE YOU MONEYTHING INON EYEIY-HOUSEFURNISHINGS!Lasts Through March !GOING ON NOW!Mr. and Mrs. Recently Wed:-Every family likes -bo have an elegantly furnished parlor. Then -there isalways one quiet, secluded place in -thehouse where the unexpected caller orthe STRANGER may he received.Before you furnish your parlor cometo see us. Ve- carry all the lateststyles in parlor sets. They are alsoof the hast workmanship. 'Our MODERATEPRICES will. please you, too.THE J. T. HINTON CO.Solid Oak RockersReduced from 5.50 to.$3.98A Big- Bargain27x54 inch Body Brussels Rugs reduced from $4.00 to $2.95This is the Best and Mist Ultimate Sale Ever Held, is Dur HimsIOpinion.Mahogany DresserReduced from 57.50 to.$44.SG6 Solid Oak Genuine LeatherSeat Blning CliairsReduced from 318 to $12.75Linoleumsin this Sale.Way Diwr in FrittBrass BedsReduced from $38 to. $26.70New Go-Carls Just received, aiail go in this Sale.'BuffetIn handsome Quartered Oak. reducedfrom $75 to 1 $59-00Extension TableSolid Oak, reduced from 26.ftto $13.35IThe whoie stock isour store is reduced,not just a few articles. 1II HL Jo I Din I im vOMPANYT"-n ipo riisfodv by Deputy Sheriff jW. Gk McClintock.&t&$t$Q$&$0t$llvParis; Kentucky-1!TfKTTT!!;yjm g.?Jfi"i'i'r75?THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KY., MARCH 6, 1941iM:jhrnVli11t'Fl0.i3t!a1.:-H,t'WArr1 1ii3ijf?l:tJ'!rh?ni , ;LiitS'Iis'J!f jinr r:iThe Cadillac Company has no intention:; . of marketing a six cylinder carThe Cadillac Motor Car Companylias always believed that there are sosHany good features in the CadillacCar, that its advertising space could"be best utilized exculsively in acquainting the public with those advantages. Tfe regret, however, that the occasion arises which makes it appeardesirable for us to depart, temporarily, from that policy.Inasmuch as it is not possible for-us to control the "mouth to mouth"advertising with which we are favora, -and. inasmuch as that gratutiouspublicity may sometimes contain elements of inaccuracy, unintentionally,perhaps, on the part of the authors,-we feel that we would not perform theduty which we owe to ourselves, if-we did not correct any misunderstandings or misconceptions whichjnay exist concerning the methods,policies and plans of this company.The pre-eminent position of theCadillac Car as the "Standard of the"World,"" its recognition as, the critezrion of excellence in practical construction, are not matters of merechance.For eleven years the Cadillac hasleen manufactured and marketed upxm well defined principles. Adherence to those principles has been thedominant factor in Cadillac success.The Cadillac has never aspired toideals set by others; it makes its ownideals and raises them higher and"higher.The Cadillac has never striven afterthe achievements of other plants; itis a school and a model unto itself.The Cadillac has never been obliged to make apologies for its product.It has never been obliged to smotherits past, nor to discredit it by wipingiiie slate clean and beginning all overagain.The immaterial and the impractical,the fad and the fallacy, the delusionand the shallow "talking point" haveno chapter in the "Story of the Cadillac" The "Story of the Cadillac" is thestory of that mechanical and commercial advancement which makes forpermanency. The Cadillac product"has been only that which its makerstaiew would satisfy and give to thepurchaser "value received" in abundant measure.The policy of the Cadillac Companyhas ever been- to avoid exaggerationand over-drawn statements. Its policy has ever been to underclaim rather than to over-claim.The Cadillac Company is gratifiedthat the public feels secure in accepting Cadillac representations at theirfull worth. These representationsare so accepted because the CadillacCompany has never mislead and be--causethe public could always expect and has always received morethan was offered.The Cadillacs Car of to-day has behind it the experience gleaned in thesuccessful production of the seventyfive thousand Cadillac which havepreceeded it by far the greatestaumber of high-graie motor cars produced by any one manufacturer inthe -world.CADILLAC SERVICE DEPOT,Main and Spring Streets, Lexington, Ky.Kentucky Auto Co., (Inc.) Louisville, Ky.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.Cincinnati Enquirer.)When a woman gets hold of a check5xx ?2 she jgets up at 6 in the morningso -she can get down town before theba&k runs out of money.Any mother who is nursing her firstfcoy bafoy can tell you that the lad-who said all men are born equal hadholes in his head.A man wouldn't try to wear fourTeets at one time just because he had:fomr vests. But if a woman has 44asctrieh plumes she wouldn't think ofgoing out unless they were all on theat she is wearing.Med admire the brainy girl who isplain. But they marry the silly girlwho is pretty.XIt:tPlumbing and Elecri-cal Work in AllTheir BranchesStoves, Rangesand Appliances.. Spicer &Gilchrist,Elks' BuildingE.E. Phone, 103Home Phone, 1 01GasFitting !The Cadillac Company is ever alertits car is ever to the ground; it feelsthe throb of the public pulse. Yetnever has it yielded to clamor by giving endorsement to principles whichwould take advantage of the uninitiated or uninformed, even though temporary benefits might acure.' The experimental division of theCadillac Company is not excelled inthe motor car industry. We do notbelieve it is even equaled.Every design, every appliance, every idea, every principle offeredwhich has a semblence of merit, issubjected to the most gruelling tests.For every idea or feature adoptedor considered worthy of the Cadillacseal of approval, scores are dicarded.One reason why most of the newideas of inventors and manufacturersare first offered to the Cadillac Company is because these inventors andmanufacturers realize that with theCadillac seal of approval, their futureis practically certain.An example, take the electrical system of automatic cranking, lightingand ignition, first introduced by theCadillac Company and now used almost universally.Take also the two-speed axle introduced into the present Cadillac,and which engineering authorities onboth sides of the Atlantic are predicting will soon come into generaluse.Witness this from "The AutomobileEngineer," published in London, England. In commenting upon Cadillacengineering progress and Cadillac initiative, it says:"Already there is a very decidedmovement among other makersto try and provide some type oftwo-speed rear axle similar to theCadillac, for 1914 or 1915."In our experimental division wehave built automobile engines of almost every conceivable type and sizeand have tested scores which we didnot make ourselves.We have built them with one, withtwo, with three, with four and witheix cylinders. We have never triedfive.We have cast them en bloc, wehave cast them in pairs and we havecast them singly. We have madethem with water jackets cast integraland with cooper water jackets. Wefound the latter method most expensive hence we use it.We built cars with one cylinder engines, more than 15,000 of them, andthey were good ones. "One-lungers"they were called, and they are practically all going yet, after eight toeleven years of service hundreds ofthem having passed the 100,000 milemark.We built a few cars with two cylinder engines, and they were as goodas that type could possibly be made.But we never marketed any of them,although the rumor was current thatwe intended doing so.Yes, and we built cars with threecylinder engines, as good of that typeas could be made. Prqbably fewreaders ever heard of such a car.Some people thought they wantedthat kind and they bought them. ButWho would have ever imagined thatsome day we would long for the goodold days of the stately and dignified turkey trot?There are all kinds of women in theworld, including the dame who imagines you are following her if youdare to walk of the same side of thestreet and in the same direction.The old family horse wasn't so muchon speed. But he never skidded andtried to pile on top of you.Women is so consistent that she istaking to wearing ankle muffs, butshe won't button her waist up in frontLARD!)8X The Purest and 1the Best iill Home Rendered 8mJ 10-Pound Cans - $1.40 850-Pound Cans, - $650 8BaldwinBros..X FfIs locfct-i.r-I S9 l-na, lentUCKyBoth Phones3 2not from us. Rumor had it, however,that we intended to market them.Cars with four cylinder engines!We have built and distributed morethan sixty thousand (60,000) of them.That was something more substantialthan rumor.Cars with six cylinder engines! Wehave built a number of them in thelast four years. We have tested themto the utmost, and they proved to begood ones by comparison. In fact,by comparing them point for pointwith a number of the most highly regarded "sixes," which we bought forthe purpose of making comparisonfor our own enlightenment, Ave failedto find a single car which, in ouropinion, outpointed our own, and ourown outpointed most of them.These, experiments may have givenrise to the rumor that the CadillacCompany contemplates marketing asix cylinder car. But as in the casesof the two and three-cylinder carssuch rumor is entirely without foundation. This company has no such intention. And we made other comparisons aswell; in fact nothing worth while wasoverlooked or omitted.Our tests, inventions, -experimentsand comparisons demonstrated conclusively to us, that a four-clyinderengine designed with the skill and executed with the precision which characterizes the Cadillac engine andscientifically balanced, affords thehighest degree of all 'round efficiencypossible to obtain.The tests further demonstrated thatwith such an engine, in conjunctionwith a properly designed two-speedaxle, there is obtained an extraordinary reduction of friction, an extraordinary degree of operation and maintenace economy, and extraordinarydegree of luxurious riding qualities,and a reduction of vibration, particularly at high speeds, almost to thevanishing point.We have cited the foregoing factsbecause we believe that the public isentitled to know them, because we believe we owe it to the public to makethe facts known and because we wantthe public to know that the CadillacCompany leaves no stone unturned,that it spares no expense in its effortsto discover and to provide that whichit knows to.be right, that which itknows will satisfy and that which willgive to the buyer "value received" inabundant measure.And above all, the CadillacCompany has no intention of departing from that policy.There can be no better evidence ofthe appreciation of the Cadillac policythan the fact that there have alreadybeen manufactured and distributed,more than 9,000 of the 1914 ModelCadillacs, amounting in selling valueto more than eighteen millions ($18,000,000) of dollars a volume of carswhich nearly equals, if it does notexceed, that of all other 1914 highgrade American cars combined, selling at or more than the Cadillac price,regardless of their number of cylin-i ders.t Cadillac Motor Car Co.,f Detroit Michigan.You can't get a girl to believe it.But if she is pretty and shapely aman doesn't care whether the lace shewears come from Switzerland or a10-cent store.An arbitrator may get a marriedwoman to admit that she is wrong,but she will Never admit that herhusband is right."Cured"Mrs. Jay McGee, of Stephenville, Texas, writes: "Fornine (9) years, I suffered withwomanly trouble. I had terrible headaches, and pains Inmy back, etc. It seemed as ifI would die, I suffered so. Atlast, I decided to try Cardui,the woman's tonic, and ithelped me right away. Thefull treatment not only helpedme, but it cured me."TAKEThe Woman's TonicCardui helps women in timeof greatest need, because itcontains ingredients which actspecifically, yet gently, on theweakened womanly organs.So, if you feel discouraged,blue, out-of-sorts, unable toVA d0 your househoId work, onIjA account of your condition, stopworrying ana give Lraui atrial. It has helped thousandsof women, why not you?Try Cardui. E-71udlulllINDIGESTION ENDED,STOMACH FEELS FINE''Pape's Dlapepsln" Fixes Sour, GassyUpset Stomachs in Five MinutesSour, gassy, upset stomach, indigestion, heartburn, dyspepsia; when.he food you eat ferments into gasesand stubborn lumps; your head achesand you feel sick and miserable, thatis when you realize the magic inPape's Diapepsin. It makes allstomach misery vanish in five minntes. If your stomach is in a continuousrevolt if you can't get it regulated,please, for your sake, try Pape's Diapepsin. It's so needless to have a badstomach make your next meal a favorite - food meal, tnen take a littleDiapepsin. There will not be any distress eat without fear. It's because Pape's Diapepsin "really does"regulate weak, out-of-order stomachsthat gives it its millions of sales annually. Get a large fifty-cent case of Pape'sDiapepsin from any drug store. It isthe quickest, surest stomach reliefand cure known. It acts almost likemagic it is a scientific, harmlessand pleasant stomach preparationwhich truly belongs in every home.(adv)Miss Margaret Wilson, daughter ofthe President, danced "01' Dan Tucker" with unintroduccd young men ata get-together at the Greenwich socialcenter in New York.As soon as a man' begins to thinkhe knows a woman thoroughly something crops out in her personalitythat entirely upsets his calculations.THE MOTHERS' FAVORITEA cough medicine for childrenshould be harmless. It should bepleasant to take. It should be effectual. Chamberlain's Cough Remedyis all of this and the mothers' favoriteeverywhere. For sale by all dealers.(March) (adv)The supply of gold bricks exceedsthe demand.ftHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETSFOR CONSTIPATIONFor constipation, Chamberlain'sTablets are excellent. Easy to take,mild and gentle in effect. Give thema trial. For sale by all dealers;(March) (adv)E!22E&ELZ&J33&mwm TH8S WINTERGo where fair sides, ideal weather, and outdoor cnioyment dispel allthought of winter's discomfort.Li!& U Si'MOW A."AjAKLE v:aVf ilT3Wv7' JEST :7'"7BStf Knr.::h'j-v rjtrs : .TO RSSOITS QytH'L GOU;-ik8SJND CF Till CKY."TICKETS ON SALE DAILY.'A ATTRACTIVE STG?-0Vn3 ;sR27ILCiS.J EQUIPMENT, SERVICE ArcfsCFNEgY UNSURPASSED.j ?or details ccncult any Ticket Agent cr writegj l. C. KiXG, Passenger and Ticket Agsnt, 10 i East Wain St, Lexington. Ky.zmxa&z&zsafflzXXWhen Your BloodtYour Whole SystemIf You Have any Blood or Skin Diseases DO NOT DELAYUntil it is too fate, but order JThe lot Springs RemedyA Complete and Positive Remedy ForSYPHILIS, ECZEMA, ERYSIPELAS,and all otherHot Springs Physicians pronounce this the Greatest Bloodon the Market.We PrepareOur TreatmentI Hot Springs Medical Company j803 1-2HOW'S-THIS? "We offer One Hundred Dollars 'Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney, for tne past fifeteenyears, and believe. him perfectly honorable in all business transactions,and financially able to carry out anyobligations made by his firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75'cents per bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation, (adv)Many a father who thinks he issaving money when he gives hisdaughter in marriage discovers laterthat he has a son-in-law to support.All of the Naked Truth we haveever seen looked as though somesoap and water wouldn't hurt it any.When the Department of Agriculture uses up about $10,000,000 exterminating the boll weevil and the gypsy moth it might get hold of about$100,000,000 and take a whack at theGreat American Humbug.Wisconsin and other States haveadopted Eugenics to a degree wherethe bride and groom must be certifiedbefore the ceremony. And in the longlist of fool questions they have omitted the most important query: "DoYou Suffer From Cold Feet?"The reason a girl likes those tightbottomed skirts is because she canput her foot ou a packing case and tieher shoestrings.G BUCK FREEMANO First- Class Barber Shop.O , Three Expert Artists; NoWaits.Hot and ColdBaths.Main t. - Opp. Court HouseO Try Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.4Ji 3H5 :??!' 5 9 Js"&fitsL;sLONG fiSTU:rI I 17MT3TO-DAY!fj-r?1rrr ipACNE, MALARIA, RHEUMATISM tforms of Blood and Skin Diseases. tFull Course Treatment Six Bottles, $18.00.Single Bottle, $5.00.a Remedy For Every Diseaseof Female Ills is the Greatest ol itsKind Ever Offered to Suffering Women.Write us your troubles. All correspondence strictly confidential.Central Avenue, Ho Springs, Ark.Another rwisonfdr the high cost ofliving is that the qjd-fashioned manwho loved corned beef and cabbagenow has a son whose nightly diet isstewed chicken. Pam. Columbus.It is only within the past year or othat you could find any referenceto fatted calves in the gospal according to Luke. Columbus Club.What has become of the old-fa&-ionedboy who stuffed cotton in sisears? Nelsonville, Ohio.Windsor Hotel.Modern EquipmentPolite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDtINSURANCEAGAINSTPIRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINTON,AGENT.For Old. Strong-, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, see Jme.$Special Rates ' Excursions.Round trip Winter Tourists to allprincipal winter resorts in Alabama,Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina and Havana,Cuba, on sale daily Oct. 1, 1913, untilApril 30, 1914, with final limit May 31,1914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas and New Mexico, on saledaily Nov. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914,with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberalstopovers allowed on all winter tourist tickets. Also low round tripKomeseekers' tickets to points in Alabma, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi,on sale first and third Tuesdays ineach month, final limit 25 days fromdate of sale. Stop-overs allowed inHomeseekers' territory. For furtherinformation call on or addressW. H. HARRIS, Agent.T. K. SMITH, T. A.tis Rightiis Right.and Skin Remedy ever placedlew Barber wIH.- xv"7 ' J. .V i1HE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTSiCKY, MAfcfcH 6. 19141LamenessSloan's LinimenMs a quickand reliable remedy for lameness in horses and other farmanimals."Sloan's Linimont surpasses anything on earth for lameness in horsesand other horse ailments. I -wouldnot sleep -without it in my stable."Mahti Doyle,432 West 19th St., New York City.Good for Swelling and Abscess.rlK. H. M. Gibbs, of Lawrence, Kan.,R. F. I)., 2o. 3, writes: " I had a marewith an abscess on her neck and one50c. bottle of Sloan's Liniment entirelycured her. I keep it all the time forgalls and small swellings and for everything about the stock." .SLOANSis a quick and safe remedyfor hog cholera.Governor of Georgia usesSloan's Liniment for Ho? Cholera." I heard Gov. Brown (who is quite afarmer) say that he had never lost ahog from cholera and that his remedyalways was a tablespoonf ul of Sloan'sLiniment in a gallon of slops, decreasing the dose as the animal improved.Last month Gov. Brown and mvselfwere at the Agricultural Collegebuilding and in the discussion of theravages of the disease, Gov. Browngave the remedy named as unfailing."" Observer."saxa2t2tau daily i?ews.At All Dealers. 25c, 50c. & S1.00.Sloan's Book on Horses, Cattle,Bogs and Poultry sent free.Address Dr. Earl S. Sloan, Boston.PRE-LENTEN BULLSSHU SPRINGFORECAST.Bright - Colored Waists AreWorn "With WhiteTaffeta Skirts.NEWS OF LATEACCESSORIES.NEW YORK. March 6.The last few dayd of the pre-Len-tonseason are with us, and the socialwhirl is a vortex of gaiety. A luncheon here, a The Dansant there, dinners, balls and theaxre parties, comeand go in feverish succession. AshWednesday was welcomed by the satiated as the advent of days of rest, ifnot of penance.Homes are not large enough forthese last and smartest of the season's affairs, and hotel ballrooms arehired for the occasion. Here areseen many of the gowns whose stylesis a harbinger of tha spring and summer models.Net and tulle are used in ballgowns a great deal more than chiffon.Taffeta is used as the medium of development for gowns of all colors andfor all ages.The first illustration shows acharming dancing frocK worn by a debutante. Its simplicity caused it tobe remarked in these days of muchdrapery.SPECIAL TOThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics is2i "lyi.iirA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamIrledicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxton Toilet Co., Boston, Mass...Mk- "' TVw rjM'F.'a 'tf&JZMtr'1 Ni he Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clenr, .steady light. Insurethis by cctt fiicr the oil that burnsclear jnd c-loan without a flickerclown to fie lat drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Cots no mo-c than the inferioitonktvacon nJN- paves JIOSEY savesWORK av cvpp.Your dpafT has SOLTTE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Ghas. G. Stall Oil Co.memIwtfmiflmfmif SlJfiiil i I ItvSB & - aMSMIfrailft2 -r -jT.'i i!r --Til--:below the elbow. Yellow fasteningsat the front.Another charming waist has bodyand sleeves in one, and is made ofpea-pod green golfin. Shadow lacelaid over flesh-colored chiffon makesthe fronts, which are decorated withgreen tassels. A green cord withtassels ends shirrs the lace at theneck. The short puffs of lace peepbelow the kimono sleeves', and are also drawn up on a silken cord.These brilliant-colored waists arestriking and attractive, but, it isdoubtful whether they will be wornin the summer without little coateesto match the skirt, elaborately trimmed with embroidery.There are many novelties in neckwear for the spring season. Onestyle collar is of white moire silk,high standing in the back, with sharprolling points. A separate "Normand"collar is made of sheer Swiss and embroidery. The collar part is laid inpleats and stands up in the back. Oneither side a fine wire is sewed, whichis bent to form a point. Organdy an'dSwiss are sheer materials that are being used to make collars and gumpies,and are considered very smart.In attending a dance, a few evenings ago, I was greatly impressedwith the simple footwear worn by themajority of the dancers. The toeswere round and graceful. The heelis low and nicely proportioned. Theslippers are laced around the anklesandal-like, the ribbon coming throughthree eyelets on each side, which insures their fitting closely to the foot.The present rage for jet ornamentswas brought about by an original andbeautiful Parisian actress, who appeared in an elaborate evening gown,wearing a wide jet dog-collar, -whichaccentuated the beauty of her skin.Immediately several society womenapperaed with similar collars. Jetcombs are very smart, especiallywhen worn in white hair. Jet beadssequins and bangles lavishly decorated hats and lace gowns.Charming little hand-bags, shapedlike jelly-bags, are made of moire andtaffeta and richly embroidered in jet.Some have an elaborate monogrambeaded in jet or rhinestones, althoughothers are embroidered with the realpercious stones.FREE ADVICETO SICK WOMENThousands Have Been HelpedBy Common SenseSuggestions,E PlNKHAMiYCIAr. "Sjlrrte.5-n3s-r-- Stev 7 & feS"l'SSagr v?ktZ-f?-!:l?r (-T- J iT - - -Vr-lfZ f-Jjisps - kvff-r-i1 ii IJfciMw OTMcCui. ;a?s - z.f rf-Y- iZg!fLexington, Ky-Jlefinorv at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto OILAwning-Striped .and .Plain .Taffeta,Combined with Frills of Mal'ne, Devejope this Charmingly Simple Costume.artWmWmmmlilllWomen suffering from any form offemale ills are invited to communicatepromptly with thewoman's privatecorrespondence department of the Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn,Mass. Your letterwill be opened, readand answered. by awoman and held instrict confidence. A woman can freelytalk of her private illness to a woman ;thus has been established a confidentialcorrespondence which has extended overmany years and which has never beenbroken. Never have they published atestimonial or used a letter without thewritten consent of the writer, and neverhas the Company allowed these confidential letters to get out of their possession, as the hundreds of thousandsof them in their files will attest.Out of the vast volume of experiencewhich they have to draw from, it is morethan possible that they possess the veryknowledge needed in your case. Nothing is asked in return except your goodwill, and their advice has helped thousands. Surely any woman, rich or poor,should be glad to take advantage of thisgenerous offer of assistance. AddressLydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., (confidential) Lynn, Mass.Every woman ought to haveIiydia E. Pinkham's 80-pageText Book. It is not a hook forgeneral distribution, as it is tooexpensive It is free and onlyobtainable hy mail "Write forit today.FJTHIEEEETO WIVTEBJPVB B 0 B SE BS 1If you are looking for a goodSuit or Overcoatat reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, here is the placeto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Overcoats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we are?offering them as a special inducement for12.33SHAME!When Mary starts to board a car,jJust see how brai.en bad men are!Why don't they turn their heads, I begWhy should they look at Mary'shat?Cincinnati EnquirerThose high step cars are a disgraceThey are entirely out of placeThe distance, truly, would be half,Then "Mary wouldn't show heranimosity !Detroit News.We also have a full line of Schloss Bros guaranteedtailored Suits for $15 to $25. Emerson Shoes at $4nd $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise can be had at a price thatwill please your pocket-book.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. WoIIstcin, Proprietor.raKKWzsjwyatVVERY LOW RATESTO THE WESTThe Missouri Pacific is preparing tohandle a heavy colonist movementto the West and the Northwest thisspring. An unusually low rate is being made; tickets sold March 15th toApril 15th inclusive. Write todayc 1-.riv nrni'v.;r(r Full informotinnj IUI ItJclliet. JVliUlUHH& 1.U11 iui.uiuui,iunregarding rates, routes and throughtourist sleeping cars and through freechair car service. Address J. A. Steltenkamp, G. A. P. D., Hotel Gibson,Cincinnati, O.When you feel ttKvous, tired, worried or despondent it issure sign yod need MOTT'S NERVERIKPILLS. They renew the normal vigor aimake life worth living. Be sure and askMotfs Nerverine Pills g'guSlWILUAMS MFG. CO., Pi ops., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist. Paris. Ky...IfannBMMHMNMBBiParis Odorless Ckaning Co. SLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked ,to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.vMcCau.COUNTY COURT DAYS.One annhcation soothes and heals a roughpimply ,kin,and.whenrepeated,quickl effectsa cure. Eczemi, EryMpeias, Tetter, Ulcers andall skin diseases yield n i:s curative properties.ZUc a box. At an uruz&sis.Snd lor 'ie r-ir.i' nnt 1mn ' '-lth and Beauty "JOi-lN'STr'M. HOLLOW 1 &. CO.,; nTnrnnm'iisfjrtn. i.. r ..., ..7 uT7PILES! PILES! PILESiWILUAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMEP"Will cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching PiiIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching at on-acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mall 50c and 81WHIUMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, 04L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky."Gurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank);3 -- 3CHAIRSExpert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths, at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of tl e .Public Paljronage Solicited.The bodice and simple all-aroundpannier are of pink-and-white widestriped taffeta. A Geep frill of whitemaline fell from tne low neck-lineand from the sleeves. The pannierends with a ruffle of itself and the undraped lower skirt is of plain pinktaffeta.The stores are showing attractivespring suits and coats of taffeta, andmoire silk. This latest fabric is verypopular, and is use- to especial advantage in my second illustration.Fine French serge is used for thejacket, and moire for the skirt, whosedouble tunics are of the serge. Moirecollar and cuffs complete the jacket.The button on 'jacket and tunic aermoire-covered.It is not surprising, when the separate blouse and skirt idea is appliedto elaborate evening gowns, that separate waists and skirts should bewidely shown among tne shops. Oneof the smart Parisian ideas is to havea white taffeta skirt with a blouse ofbrilliant yellow-or green moire or brocaded silk.Charming waists, which are anAmerican adaption of Parisian models, are seen. The most interestingare the new blouses with .peplunis.Their shapes vary, as well as the adiustment to the waistline. They arerounded, or square, some are aproniike and others are accordion-pleat-ador gathered in under the girdle.Among the brilliant-colored waistsis a distinctive one of yellow golfine.L deep yoke is U-shaped of the samecolor of crepe, and is outlined with astanding frill of cream lace, having aoicot edge of burnt orange. The collaris a continuation oi lais.inu, aim i&wired and bent to fall away at the5ides. Raglan sleeves of crepe, fin'shed with, cuffs of golfin, have frillsA Combination of Moire and FrenchSerge Are the Materials of thisSmart Spring Suit.Ribbons are another of the season'sfashions. They are used most exten-sivelv on summer millinery and forsashes. Grosgrain and moire seemto be among the most used. The popularity for plaids has, as a matter ofcourse, affected the fibbon trade, andthe spring ribbons are displayed in allthe staple plaids, and a large varietyof different color combinations havebeen made. Ribbons with a crossstripe come in all colors of the rainbow. The most elegant ribbons arehand-embroidered taileta and frilleribbon having a fancy Jacquard selvage.To sum this letter up, tnere is atendency for better materials this season and less trimming. The large hipeffect is obtained by ruffles, tunics,panniers, and bustle nows. Upstanding frills, Medici collars, V-shapednecks, are up-to-date ways of finishing the neck, and the arms-eye is obliterated with kimono and raglansleeves. The fashionable waistline isabove or below the normal one.IKET HOUSEStBi and (VlainI NO CREDIT,NO DELIVERY,NO PHONES. IBelow is a list of the days CountyCourts are held each month in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawreceaurg, 3d Monday.Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, l&t Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Breathitt, Jackson, 4th Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Henry, Newcastle, 1st MondayJessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, nd Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday.Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Monday. Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday.Oldham, Lagrange, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th. Monday.Pejidleton, Falmoutn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wayne, Montecello, 4th Monday.Woodford, Versailles, 4th Monday.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p mDaily except Sunday.Leave Pari:for Lexingtc.6:45 a hi7:30 a. 8:15 am. 9:00 am9:45 a hi11:15 a m.. 12:45 pm2:15 p. m3:45 p in.4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m.6:50 p m8:15 p nt10:05 p m.VogePs Breakfast Bacon,Sliced 25c per lb.By the Pi$ce 23c per lb.VOGEL'S LARD3 1b. bucket $ .425 1b. bucket 701.40O44jfek SKin Blemishes 3 lb. bucket $ .42 'bM ffiEm mlk Cansed By Germs J ,, , , 7CiPyrJI TWtT I 10 H. bucket 1 .40 I. jdWl&j Germs get tinder the V v vXfes-watrfPww skin or ln a broken AIK, SHJtX place, and it Is hard U XJLKV io BCi ria oi mem. A j f a.a SSK" Pus sores or pimples Y Y Mf follow. T 5A DR. BELL'S f Z li ft T T T 11 J UAntiseptic Salve t M. J . Heller t Hm soon destroys theso germs and keeps them( T 'XI a mW rJf9n nnd hMtthwiintllTinturft heals. Useiton T I WMA the face, lips, in the nose, anywhere, for It i rF is CLEAN. PURE AND HEALING, f Tj. f vi "Tell It By The B.11" vX VAJd..-m.'-...'e.'.'m''ia ITREESStrawberry PlantsFruit and Shade Trees,Shrubs, Asparagus, GraDeVines, Rhubarb, Peonies,Phlox, Seed Potatoes, etc.Everything for Orchard,Lawn and Garden.Free Catalog No Agents9. F. fiillesmeyer & Sons,Lexington, Ky.Nurserymen Since 18412)feb2mo)MON-iy-fIK fGlK81 We tell you how; and pay best market V2-H prices, we are dealers; establish cdjH inlS56; andean do BETTER. for y a BM than cents or commission mer- Bftft chants. "References any bankin Xoa- HIr isville. Write for weekly price hat. HB M. SABEL &. SONSn 221-23-31 & 33 S-CatelSULaU'Wai BT.m Daalers in FUHS, HIDES, WOOL.Zf4 , ". jijm.X'Zf'&ELZ JaST1 PbT-F I f ,)m?,fcJfcUper FilLOiE!cent, $1,000 to$ioo 000Professional CardsDr. Wrn. Kenuey,PARIS, KENTUCKY.OflSce 514 Main Street.Office Phones j Zel.0 . , ( E. T. 334.ReBidence j Home 334.fZSW. KING & SON,ChcaosIde.lILexlnKton.KyDR.A.H KELI1ER,Practicing PHYsrciAifOffices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk.' Bld-Pari b - - KntookyJ.J-RoomlJ. WHilLAJIS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Elks Building.of lace run. into a TJ-shaped cut-outFor Safe by All Druggists.' --.-. .,- i.i VfHTdE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 6, 1914. ,it-'viIEWS OF MILLEOORGirs. 2. H. Collier is not so well."Mr. W. E. Collier is among thesick.Mr. J. J. Peed is slightly improved. Mr. Priest Kemper, of Alabama,is here on. "business.Miss Bessie Hicks, of Cynthiana,is the gest of Mrs. J. P. Hicks.The little son of Mr. and Mrs.C- C. Ckanslor continues about thesame.Mrs. "Raymond Bramblette, of"Paris, Is the guest of Mrs. Joe Williams. Miss Mattie Butler, who is teaching at Sharpsburg, was at home fromFriday to Monday.Born On Monday, to Mr. and Mrs.Edgar Collins, a handsome 10-lb sonJoseph Frank Collins.Col. C. M. Best returned Thursday from Winchester, Va., where heattended the funeral of his mother.-"Pop" Seeley," general passengeragent for the Big Four road, was theri sniest oe ur. u. rs. onuui, iuuu.uu.jr.jf3 Mrs. James Stevens, of Shawhan,i Is at the bedside ot ner aaugiuer,' 34rs. J. H. Burroughs, who is critical--? ly ill.k Miss May McDaniel was at homej from Friday to Monday from Cynthi-fi ana, accompanied by Miss Blanton4 Collier.?l Mr. Charles Merimee, of Cincin-Pi nati, was the guest of his mother,si Mrs. Sarah Merimee, and sister, Missi Kate Merimee, Monday.Mrs. J. H. Burroughs, who hasn$ "been in a critical condition for some?ftc time, is some better, and hopes are( entertained of her hecovery.h Dr. W. G. Dailey was called byty . telegram to the bedside of his father-t, In-law, Elder Alex. Sanders, in Cin-i-i cinnati, Tuesday. He returned Wed-'i -nesday, leaving Eld. Sanders some"if "better.7t Mrs. R. E. Houston has acceptedV a position as relief operator for the- Central Home Telephone Co., which' ' viu ue vauausu uy jus. ucc "in-uivl and ill enter upon her duties Sun-aay.5$ Mrs. C. B. Smith attended the tufk laeral of Mrs. Mary A. Browning, ofFlemingsburg, Tuesday. Squire A. C.,,,; ismi attenaea uie Dunai il ouauuuu,t Wednesday. Mrs. Browning was thej -mofher-in-law of Dr. Atkin, who is-weTHmown here.. A- flin Tnnrnlir moofinir of A TTllt VIxjdge. Tuesday night, Mr. J. ClarkeIeer, Jr., was given his first degree.'I The work was done by his father-in-."law, Worshipful Master J. B. Cray.lf JC vote of sympathy was extended to; 3Ir. J. H. Burroughs in his afflictionon account of the critical condition ofMs wife, and the secretary was ordered to notify him of came by letter.Mrs. Pugh Miller Moore, who diedst "hor hnmp in Cvnt.hiann. Mondav."was interred in tlie Millersbura: ceme-tery, Wednesday afternoon. She wasthe widow or the late William Moore,(' "who resided near here until the timeof his death. She is survived by her,i, ..v., ,.uv ""u " J u.uauu, ""Lone Sister, Mrs. TllOS. Bowles. Of3fillersburg, also a little daughter.-j? -NULwimsumaing me severe cold chair car service. Address J. A. stel? -weather for early March the roads tenkamp, G. A. P. D., Hotel Gibson,are full of mo.vers, and before one Cincinnati, O.MBMBMiMMBiaMMMBMBBngi .MnnM agg j PMa --ij a . .iL-jgiiaM WOBSt 8WCTMMB WB"3p MBBBHBBJHatBBBBBJBKaiCLEARANCE SALESNXjfeb. w c - 'i try -Tj wagon is out of sight another heavily jia.uen witn uouseuoiu gouuo paooco.Mr. G. C. Bascom has moved to the jhome of Mr. M. C. Grimes from :Owingsville. The following changeswill be made during the week: Mr.and Mrs.. Earl Insko will move fromrooms in the Miller flat to the farm ofMr. D. E. Clarke; R. B. McWhortersand family to the property of Dr. W.M. Miller, vacated by Jas. Howardand family, from that of Mrs. AmandaMastin- Mr. Aurie Rankin and familyto the property of the Griffith sistersfrom that of Mrs. Amanda Mastin ; MrBoone and family from Cynthiana to!the property of Mrs. Amanda Mastinvacated by Mrs. Rankin.Mr. Richard Head, of Indianap-tolis, arrived Wednesday for a visit tohis brother, Mr. J. C. Head.Mrs. William Hinton and Mrs. F.J. Savage, of Paris, were guests yesterday of Mr. T. E. Savage and MissMary Savage. jMiss Mary Bruce Redd has returned after a three-weeks' visit toher sister, Miss Nola Redd, at Clearwater. Fla.The matter of purchasing a new"engine and dynamo to be used in, theelectric light plant, was the principalmatter before the Council at its regular meeting Wednesday evening, atwhich bids from the WestinghouseCompany, -Fairbanks-Morse, International Harvester Co . and the FoosGas Engine Co., were presented to theBoard. The bids were for thirty-five,forty and fifty horse power engines,as the one now in use, being onlytwenty- horse power, is inadequate.The contract for furnishing the newequipment will be let at a meeting ofthe Board on Monday night. JoeGreen, colored, asked the Council forpi permit to erect a residence at thecorner of Vimont aiifl Seventh streets,to which J. H. Stuart offered an objection, and after his case was pre-sent-edby attorney Irvine Swinford,the matter was passed until a latermeeting.NOTICE Owing to the manner inwhich I have curtailed expenses I amin a position to sell groceries cheaperthan anyone else. Come and see foryourself. Get my prices and you aresure to buy. All goods not as represented will be duplicated or the cashrefunded.We will pay the highest marketprice for country produce. In addition to our stock of groceries we havea nice line of dry goods, boots andshoes.(3-2t) J. P. AUXIER"Ze grand insult!" nissed ReneFrancois Joseph de Warren Duke ofWarren-Surrey, afte. a woman worth$5,000,000 had made him a proposalof marriage. Rene declared he'd wedthe woman he loved if she had only amillion.VERY LOW RATESTO THE WESTThe Missouri Pacific is preparing tohandle a heavy colonist movementto the West and the Northwest thisspring. An unusually low rate is being made; tickets sold March 15th toApril 15th inclusive. Write todayfor leaflet containing: full informationI rorrlinp- rntPs routes and thrniizh; tourist sleeping cars and through freeWe Will InaugurateGreatest of AllEvery Pair of Winter Shoeand RubbersIncluding Many Medium Weight Lines, Must be Sold atOnce, Regardless of their Style, Qualityand Former Prices.We Must Unload,We Must Make Room,- Wait No Longer.Delays May Mean Disappointment!Ladies9 Satin Pumps,White and Black, at Lowest PricesBY THE OLDHTmJtkmMATRIMONIAL.TURNER-SNELL.The marriage of Miss Ethel A.Turner and Mr. Victor Snell was solemnized Tuesday afternoon at thehome a the bride's parents, Mr. andMrs. Robert O. Turner, about threemiles from Paris on the RuddlesMills pike. The bride is handsomeand attractive, and the groom is awell-to-do farmer of the same neighborhood, who during the winter hasbeen the accommodating clerk at thegrocery store of Mr. Logan Howard.The young couple will reside in thecounty, and have the best wishes ofmany friends. The ceremony wasperformed by Rev. J. S. Simms, pastor of the Methodist church.DOUBLE WEDDING.A double wedding was solemnized Wednesday afternoon at threeo'clock, at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Alvin Hicks, on the Ford's Mill road,a short distance form Paris. MissStella Hicks and Mr. Norman Criswell, and Miss Nellie Roberts and Mr.Karl V. Hicks were united. MissHicks is the attractive daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Hicks, and the otherparties were from Harrison county.It was known that the first-namedcouple were to be married Wednesday, but the other marriage was a surprise. Mr. Karl Hitfks and Miss Roberts came as guests to the wedding,and decidede to be marrier themselves. The impressive ceremonywas performed by Rev. J. S. Sims, ofthe Methodist church. Mr. and Mrs.Criswell will go to Kelat, in Harrisoncounty, to reside upon a farm givento the bride as a wedding present byher father.Mr. Wallace Freeman and MissLizzie Craycraft, both of Bourboncounty, obtained a marriage licenseTuesday from County Clerk PearcePftnn.CR AYCRAFT FREEMAN." Miss Lizzie Cravcraft and Mr.Wallace Freeman, both of Bourboncounty, were united in marriage, vesverday in Lexington. Judge F. A. Bullock officiating. The ceremony wasperformed in Judge Bullock's privateoffice in the court house. L H.Crafcraft and Geroge Craycraft accompanied the couple.Nothing Like It.. Nothing has ever been ulaced onthe market quite like Butter-Wheat.At Wheatfield, Ind., George Hohnwas, lassoed and dragged to jail ofterI he bit off the Town Marshal's tnumoi in resisting arrest. He then wrecked! the jail.I! King Albert of Belgium, who recently broke hos arm riding a horse,; took up aviation, and has twice piloti ed an aeroplane with passengers,qualifying for a pilot's license.In a box of old books, supposedlyrubbish, sold for 25 cents, at London,England, the purchaser found a firstedition of Pope's Homer, autographedby the author.theRELIABLE HOUSECO H EiDEATHS' HUGHESAfter an illness of about ten daysMrs. Rebecca Hughes, aged abouteighty-three years, died at the homeof her granddaughter, Mrs. BruceAdair, on Mt. Airy avenue, Wednesday evening at 6:30.Mrs. Hughes was stricken about tendays ago with pleurisy from effectsof which she was confined to her bedfor several days, but was able to beabout the house Wednesday and appeared to be considerably improved.Her death was very unexpected andis believed to have been the result, ofa stroke of apoplexy.Mrs. Hughes was twice married herfirstv husband being Mr. Nathan Bayless, and to this union one son wasborn, Mr. Nathan Bayless, Jr., whodied several years ago. A few yearsafter the death of her husband, shewas united in marriage to Mr. JamesM. Hughes. The late Mrs. Bruce Miller was the only daughter of Mr. andMrs. Hughes.She is survived by her granddaughter, Mrs. Bruce Adair, and threenieces, Mrs. W. E. Board, of Paris,with whom she resided for some timefollowing her removal to this cityfrom her home in the country, Mrs.Samuel Clay, of Lexington, and Mrs.Horace Taylor, also of that city.Mrs. Hughes was the daughter ofthe late Hiram Roseberjy a prominentfarmer of Bourbon county, and her entire life has been spent in the countywhere she was born and raised.The funeral services will be held atthe residence of Mr. and Mrs. BruceAdair on Mt. Airy avenue this afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, conducted byRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian Church. Burial in Pariscemetery.The pali-bearesr will be John Roseberry. J. T. Hinton, William Smedley,J. S. Wilson, Nathan Bayless, Jr.. Dr.Bruce Smith. James Daugherty, Alex.Rice, Dr. William Kenney, J. J. McClintock. Among those from a distance whoare here to attend the funeral of Mrs.Hughes are: Mr. and Mrs. OwsleyBrown, and Mrs. W. L. Lyons, of Louisville. Mr. and Mrs. Bishop Clay andMrs. Sam Clay, of Lexington, and Mr.Lyons Board, of Corbin.MORFORD.Dr. A. L. Morford, one of the wealthiest men in Fleming county died athis home in Ewing Wednesday afternoon after a week's illness of pneumonia.Dr. Morford was for fourteen yearsa practicing physician, having graduated from the Medical College of Cincinnati University in 1891.Besides owning a large amount ofreal estate, the deceased was president of the Citizens' Bank of Nepton,Ky., and a stockholder in the EwingDeDOsit Bank.Dr. Morford was the brother of attorney C. B. Morford, editor of theEwing Enquirer, a member of EwingLodge Knights of Pythias and a unmber of prominent medical organizations. He is survived bv his wife and onedaughter, Mrs. William Howard, whowas formerly Miss Emma Nita Mor-INJford, a graduate of Bourbon College,KANE.Following a protracted illness Mr.Thomas F. Kane, aged forty-threeyears, died at the Eastern KentuckyHospital, in Lexington, Monday morning. Mr. Kane was the son of thelate John C. Kane, of Bourbon county, and was formerly a well-knowncarpenter of this city, and an industrious and agreeable gentleman.He is survived by two sisters, Misses Mayme and Katie Kane, and threebrothers, Messrs. William, Patrickand John Cain, all of this city.The body was brought to this cityTuesday afternoon and taken to hislate home on South Main street, andthe funeral was held yesterday morning at 9 o'clock from the Catholicchurch, conducted by Rev. FatherEugene DeBruyn. The burial followed in the family lot in the Catholiccemetery.The following were the pall-bearers:Dr. William Kenney, JamesBurke, James Porter, J. F. Trisler,Mike Boyle and T. C. Lenihan.MOOREMrs. Willie Pugh Moore died atthe home of Mrs. Lila Riberts, inCynthiana, where she had been boarding, late Monday afternoon. Mrs.Moore has had paralysis for fifteenyears, and for the past seven yearshas been a helpless invalid, dying after many weeks of intense suffering.She was the widow of Will Moore,who died near Millersburg severalyears ago, and before her marriagewas. Miss Miller, daughter of Mr.William Miller, who has been devotedin his care and attention to his daughter. Mrs. Moore is survived by herdaughter, Mrs. Renaker Parks, herfather and a sister, Mrs. Tom Bowles,of Millersburg. The funeral servicewas held at Mrs. Roberts' residenceon South Main street, Wednesdayjy 111,11111 '' "'""LTs&Sfei?--:Kr'rBApr" " m il " -.4fci u - w. .?"Procrastination is the thief of time." It is constantPUTTING OFF that gets a man in a fix like the one in thepicture "Going to stop wasting his money some day, someday." Don't YOU put off banking your money. MAKE ASTART begin now. Gome to our bankand start an accountWe will treat you courteously and take care to serve you well" Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on- Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapital, $i00,000.00.J. M. HALL. PresidentftaQli AluraiiQ tat q thft 1Best as Lowest Prices !Potatoes, fancy Northern Slock, per pk. 30cPotatoes, fancy NorthernNavy Beans, ber lb ocKidney Beans, per lb.. 8 l-3cTomatoes, per can 10c3 cans Standard Corn 25cSweet Potatoes, per can. 10c3 packages Gold Metal Oats .. . . .25c2 large size Mackerel 15c3 large size packages Maccaroni 25c6 bars Octagon Soap 25c"6 bars Clean-Easy Soap 25c7 bars Lenox Soap 25c20 lbs. best Eastern Sugar. : 1.00"(With a three dollar purchase)Stone's Silver Slice Cakes received fresh daily.Order early and your order will be delivered on time.T P B FNIHilUI I . II. B-LnillAll. IHBoth Phones 234ffiwmmm m&tmmB Q mmmmmm m0r.-5!&, l f " TVrmorning, at 10 o'chslr, conducted by(Rev. J. D. Armistead, pastor of theChristian chiirch, oir which she was amember. The burial took place inthe Millersburg cemetery.News Overthe State &&Injuries Result Fatally.Danville; Charles Gordon, 15, whowas struck by a pasenger train on theQueen & Crescent route, died at thecity hospital here. He was riding onthe rear end of a freight train andjumped to a second track and waswas struck by a passenger train goingin the other direction.Mexican Veteran Passes.Carlisle The last veteran of theMexican War who was a citizen ofJ Nicholas county has passed away inthe person of John Martin, 85, who' died at his home nar Headquarters,in the county, after a long illness.'Hewas the father of Dr. William H.Martin, a well-known physician ofOakland Mills, this county.Buys Carlisle Bonds.Carlisle The Deposit Bank of thiscity has bought the $30,000 of bondsissued by the city of Carlisle to installa waterworks system. The bondsbear 5 per cent, interest. The bankpaid par plus accrued interest for thebonds.$30,000 For Maintenance of P'kes.Shelbyville The Fiscal Court setaside $30,000 for the maintenance of385 miles of pike in the county. Ofthis amount $28,860 was definitely appropriated. voCUT THE ROPE 'JgfSgCND PUT YOURONEY IN THE aNK OR YOU WILLBE LOST. tSurplus, $40,000.00.C K. THOMAS.CasHIERStock, per bn. $1JMi f.' yxri