6imtJtuamm. . Pv- afr."'MfZrrw; - xcfts& A -' ,ffr;PUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY AND TfelDAY .IH THE YJTA2&WJv.VOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 3. 1914.iilJMRETIRES FROMLIFE CRUSHEDOUT WHEitWE KNOW HOW"AGTIVE BUTt-5C.1? JTHfc,- , ,PASTWEEKS'SALES (AREBESTOFTHETOBACCO SEASON IVNAUTQTURTLE. ..81 Wj p h mRCOu.Turns Over Large FurnitureBusiness To HisThree Sons.CAREER IS CLOSEDAFTER 54 YEARS..?-.Change Became Effective Yes-ifterday To Be Known AsThe J. T. Hinton Co.After a business career extendingoer a period of fifty-four years, Mr.J. T. Hinton, prominnet furnituredealer, retired from active businessyesterday, and his extensive interests Iin this Apartment have been turnedmw to his three sone. Messrs. W. OHinton, TSdward Hinton and AlbertHinton.In the future the business, whichis perhaps the largest of its kind inCentral Kentucky, will be conductedby these gentlemen, who for manyyears have been identified with theinterests of their father, and the establishment will be known as the J.T. Hinton Company, the name of thehead of the concern for so manyears being retained.Mr. Hinton, who retires to spendhis declining years free from caresof the business world, began his career anpoor boy, and by steady application amassed a fortune. He is theson' of the late Richard E. and Elizabeth Hinton, his father being' a hatterbytrade, and was engaged in this enterprise in Paris. At the age of sixteen years Mr. Hinton entered as anapprentice cabinet maker under Mr.George W. Davis, serving four year?,and remained with Mr. Davis twoyears, when he engaged in businessfor himself, opening an establishmentm 1860, which he has conducted withmarked success for more than half ucentury, and which takes its placeamong the leading furniture and undertaking establishments of the State.Beginning on a small scale andwith his close attention to businesshe soon assumed a prominent placeamong the mercantile interests of, thecity. During his many years of uninterrupted business activity, he nevermet with any embarrassmeut in a financial Tvay,and survived the stormyperiod during the war of the rebellionwhen so manv citizens suffered theravages of war and had all of ttieirearthly possessions taken awy.Mr. Hinton is perhaps the oldestbusiness man in Central Kentucky.He was bom on January 29, 1837, anda few days before turning over his extensive interests" to Ms sons, celebrated his seventy-seventh birthday.Although advanced in years,-lie isextremely active, and has rarelyfailed to be at his place of business,only illness and matters pertainingto his public life taking his attention.Following in the footsteps of theirlather his three sons have developedinto industrious business men,- andduties placed in their hands, it isneedless to state, will be well exe-lujouieaa s-u swic, uu uc v-cuted, md the future of the extensivefurniture business will be as successful as in the past.In addition -to his personal interests, Mr. Hinton has for years beenidentified with several other institutions. He is 'at present vice president of the Bourbon Bank and a director in the Agricultural Bank, of Paris. As an officer in these institutionshe has contributed in nov small degree to the success of these two wellestablished banking houses.Mr. Hinton is at present serving hisfifth term as Mayor of Paris, -and hisdecision to retire from business activity is no indication that he will retire from the politcal arena, after along line of victories, and the factthat he has made a earnest and efficient public official.During this age of progressivenessMr. Hinton has forged ahead and hasmade for himself a place in the foreranlis of the business and official lifeof liis city and State. He is thelugnest type oi ivenraw tuuwripfity Wifl be Very conspicuous.SPECIAL SALE ON COAL .RANGES,f9Special Sale on Coal Ranges tmsmonth. Seo them! ,(20-tf) A. P. WHEELERY& CO.'SAW SHADOW, SO LOOK OUT& SIX WEEKS SAD WEATHERYesterday, the second xsi February,wasthe day for Mr. Groundhog,weather prophet, to make his annualprognostication and- according to thetim-"woni bolief, we may expect mostany kind of weather for the next sixweeks to come. Yesterday was abright, clear day for the 'scheduled appearance of the groundhog "an dif lieemerged from his winter home doubtless he saw his shadow and returnedto await the passing of a month and&alfbefore venturing out again.One Harrodsbnrg Man Killedand Another in Precarijous Condition.BROKENSTEERIGGEAR THE CAUSEAccident Occurred About 11O'Clock, But Not Discovered Until Daylight.LEXINGTON, KY.f Feb. 2. As theresult of an antomobile accident twoand a Half miles froin this city on theKarrodsburg pike last night, Lisleauf1?' ? eiuy-OT, is aeaa,? Buford Terhune. aged twenty-two,is nra precarious condition at the hospital from exposure.Both young men are members ofprominent families residing at Harrodsburg. Last night they drove over to Lexington in the car and upon returninghome about 11 o clock the steeringgear got out of fix and the machineturned turtle (in a stream near theroad, pinning the o-upants under it.They were not discovered until daylight this morning.Edwards Avas dead, having beenfrozen to death under the automobile,while Terhune, who had lain in thewater all night in a semi-consciouscondition, was hafl dead from exposure. Neither had any bones broken.Thee ar was cnsiderably damaged.Edwards was the son of PresidentEdwards, of the State Bank and TrustCompany, at Harrodsburg, while Terhune is prominently connected. Relatives of the two young men have been !notified and are now on their way toLexington to render what assistantthey can.BLUE GRASS CASE IS1 DECIDED IN CLARK COUR":The noted "Blue Grass seed casesthat for over seven years have'occpiea the attention of the courts weidecided in favor of the defendants b.v Clark &. Letton, 5,890. pounds, avcrJudere Benton at. winriiocor' -iroc.fr .o-o $1f:sqday. Spears & Sons and J. Sims Wi.w ... ..w.uviw, J6PICson, of Paris, and Dave Gay, of WIiChester, brought suit in the BourboCircuit Court against C. S. BrentBro., and R. B. Hutchcraft, of Pari?Bush Nelson, of Lexington and G. I "Taylor, of Georgetown, for their fa.ure to deliver certain carloads of bl"grass seed purchased by the pip;tiffs. Brent and others answeiclaiming the plaintiffs formed a co -binationin restraint of trade, and h. Isecured the contracts by misrepr -sentation.Judge Stout held thesanswers good on demurrer. Thplaintiffs then had the cases dismised without prejudice, and filed theipetitions in the Clark Circuit CourlJudge Benton held the answer sufficient and gave judgment against thrdefendants. The case was appealedana Judge Benton's rulingreversedThe first trial resulted in a hung iurv. ctonrTinn- 7 fn C in o,r. P , . ',n , . " 1" r" ZZZ?.ants. At the next term of court th.jury sood 8 to 4 in favor of the dcfendants. By agreement the law andfacts wrere submitted to the Courtwithout the intervention of a jury.After considering the- questions at issue for several weeks Judge Benongave a written opinion in favor ofBrent & Bro. and their associatesThe amount involved is over $12',000. 'ine attorneys tor spears, Gay and .&',. JS!L&,?U!i iJSSSSSrZ, tZ tt -J rTi.- n 17ates Judge Harmon Stitt and Pendle-1ton, Bush & Bush.It is said that the plaintiffs will appeal.SFEC'rAL ON GAS HEATERS. ( .Special prices on Gas Heaters.per cent off on all large Heaters.(20-tf) X F. WHEELER & CO,25W,LL QF JAMES STEWART ISPROBATED INJ30UR30N COURT! The last will and testament or thei lj- James A. Stewart, who died sud-denly at Wheeling, W. Va., about six; weeks ago, but vrho made' Paris hishome for many years, and who had a! large number of triends here both iniode and social circles, was probatedin Judge C. A. MeMiflans court.The will was written entirely, in thehandwriting of Mr. Stewart, andbears the date of April 4, 1910. Herequested that his life-long friends,By. J. A. Wili-wi and Mr. Joseph, H.Ewalt, both -of Paris, act as executorsof Ms estate, consisting of cash, lifeinsurance, notes, v. -rehouse receipts,etc., all of which, is teit to his niece,l'lvo. Curtr P. Brown, and her twofthHdron, James Stewart VBrown andVirginia Brown.After the will was filed the executors named qualified, . giving bondinthe sum of;?5,6'd0. Dr. M. HDailey,William H. Webb and George Alexander were named as appraisers of theestate by Judge McMillan.iTotal Sales Amounted'to The S'Large Sum of ; f$101,303.52 -POORER GRADES iARE IN EVIDENCEPrices at Saturday's SaleRange From $2 to $441 Per Hundred.The past week was an unusuallygood one on the locxi tobacco marketwhen during the three sales an aggregate of 866,000 pounds sold for a totalof $101,333.53. Jn spite of the poorgrade of the offering good priceswere realized, and the best judgeswere of the opinion that thp saleswere the best held curing the season.Throughout the week thd floorswere flooded with the very poorest ofofferings. This was due to the extremely dry eathe', which made thehandling of tobacco difficult, the growers being unwilling to risk the bettergrade in handing, and as a consequence only the most; nfericr was consigned. . At tlie sale Tuesday 28G,530 poundswere sold for $33,300.28, or an average of 11.62 per hundred. Thursdaythe sales amounted 10 284,995 pounds,an average of $11.40 per hundred.At the sale Saturday 294,475 poundswere sold for $35,583.85, an average offrom $2 to $44 per hundred. The latter was one of the highest of thepresent season.Some of the crop averages for Saturday were:Whitson & Vaughan, 5,190 pounds,ior $755.29, average, $14.55.I. N. Keller & Son, 2,180 pounds,for $339.01, average, $1555.J. S. Reynolds & Judy, 2,485 pounds, for $382.11, average $15.15.! E. K. Thomas Cc Myers, 7,5104 pounds, for $1,852.55, average $13.95.j Plummer, McMillan & Smith, 6,440)ounds, for $794.38, average $12.33.T. J. Harney, 8,720 pounds, for $1,-.;55.50, average, $15.65.- 0 Y--W.ir.Clay & Brarael, 15,755 pounds, forU,309.85, average, $14.66.W. F. Cain, 9,740 pounds, for SL. J7.27, average, $13.61.J. W. Young, 4,140 pounds, for"84.27, average, $14.11.Webber & Gardner, 3,045 pounds.rz$487.63, average, $16.01.Daniel & Delaney, 4,610 pounds, for:586.77, average, $lr.72.Redmon & Wheeler, 6,220 pounds,"or $839.75, average, $13.50.Plummer & McClure, 5,755 poundsnr $1,105.31, average, $19.14.Milton Frederick, 1,005 pounds for12.39, average $13.17.Talbott & Doyle, 22,970 pounds for'.133.28, average, $13.68.D. M. Frederickson, 4.2S0 pounds,v $604f84 average, $14.13.Crouph & Cunningham, 4,180i mds for $519.01, average, $12.41.3. B. Allen, 5,305 pounds for $679.L. average $12.S0.fake Keller, 3,585 pounds for $457.' , average, 12.76.C. B. Curtis, 12,295 pounds for $1,",2.17, average, t$12.5.Thompson &Webb, 6.385 pounds,r $845.85. average. $13.24.Thompson & Holloway, 3,475nounds, for $547.24. average $15.74.rCraycraft & McClure, 2,630 pounds,.or $344.29, -average $13.09CARLISLFOver 1,027,920 . p,m,bVPS disposed of on the Carlisle masr 1 h.ct durfng the pas ucek. PricesUrrtW rL , nar, v,nAvaA rk,.? !I 'he the past week several extra high!- lueu uctb.Lt ul luuuuuu were uia- syosed of on the market.HARRODSBURGLast week's sales at the Farmers'y oose Leaf Tobacco Warehouse putsthem over the 2,000,000 market. Mondrv's sales were "the best of the season.. 111,330 pounds averaged $12.80.MT.. STERLING.The loose leaf tobacco market inMt. Ste'riing was quite active duringthe week, and over S00.000 poundswere sold. The quality of the offerings was very inferior, probablv theworst since the market opened. Gradeprices have, been higher all down ..theline, quality 'consiclered, than at anytime during' the selling season.. FOR SALEvforge'Coal HeatinjU?2-tf) ATF. WHEELER &COMASTER COMMISSIONER HOLDS" TWO PU3LIC SALESAuctioneer M. F. Kenuey made thefollowing sales yesterday at the courthouse door for Master CommissionerC. A., McMillan:, the Mrs. Mary Fowl-,er house on Parrish avenue, in theHenry '-Addition to C. B. Mitchell for$1,515; the Hannah Wilson, house, in ijAA fly igJMFWWilliams street, to Mary Mchen,' tfPff filMIUlt$ij'j. ,LVMitchell & Blakernore'sAMitchellTtie Store -for-Men's'vqminimmmurtSHfixnriimwr&7BIGX" ?e . t82S3Tr HTo Close Out Balance of Winter Garments We Make the Following Prices:T$ 7.50 Ladies' Coats, iiow10.00 Ladies' Coats, now....35.00 Ladies' Coats, now, . vv.r20.00 Ladies Coats, now .'25.00 Ladies' Coats, now.35.00 Ladies' Suits, now ;i.25.00 Ladies' Suits, now r20.00 Evening Capes, now...-.:15.00 Evening Wraps, now 1.15.00 Rain Coats, now7.0 Rain Coats, now. JL10,00 Raui Coats, nowittr;s!s&&gS&imCm20.00 Silk85MXTRA SPECIALOirls' arfed IVIisses9 Suits. Suitable for Girls 1 31 7 yeasrs, $ 6.50 to $20.00 Grades, nowI nrr'H: .? 'ifemCome inv&FRANK ocZI&inwimtmiiiJU'mmjiiiiimii!Huim". m"!&rtiSALE-.Now Going On.Everything in Our& Blakemore,StylesPr. - .ANK & COTije Store Where Reliability Reigns.BARGAINSt-Dresses, now$7o5Q Eacharid Look: at Ttiese SarsainsL'!f?tV-rri-4 .Store,rr'Vv ?'iParis, Kentuckyi2UL 2X. MC Jftl .ft '$2,953.955.957.95N9.St515,0010.0SiOO'5.03.755.756.757.75k -'v- H,t,--C&$tt(v,j , ZJ- --A r- JS:. ', I' . i'L-"-rVA&..X.&:xiit5&.'9cx r -? '-:y jfc -i,- ? 'SoftwT HAKIb. KENUt FEBRUARY 3. 19145f"-ASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works foi him. He will reply :Sells My Products . 4. Protects the HomeGets Best Prices 5. Helps the HousewifeBrings Supplies 6. Increases ProfitsJ. Pays For Itself Over and. Over, Seven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and send. -day for booklet.JTor information, call manager."Cumberland Telephone and Telegraph- Companyi Incorporated"WiV ''' V 'fcK , I REAR LAND GRABBERS ' ,The Bourbon $ewM , -,- hjahmqans iUm;Established 1881 32 fY ears of" Continouous PuBlication,. . -$.SWIFT CHAMP.Editor and'Owneft(Entered at the Paris, KentuckPostoffice as Mail Matter of rhSecond Class.)Published Every Tuesday, and FpldaOne Year $2.00 Six Months. $l,n"Payable in Advance.ADVERTISINGRATESVProtect Your HomeAnd Safeguard Your Fcmily and Valables by Instal ing-,: HOME TELEPHONEInstant connection with Fire knd Police Departments andOOtfother Telxphones in Paris and Bourbon County.. (Call our Gontract DepaVtment to-day. - - ,LolaLand Long Distance ServiceXte Paris Rome telephone and Cekarapb go.(Incorporated)Display Advertisements. $1.00 peiinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 'cents per lineach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, am"similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othetmatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper'? stock intrade and source of revenueAFFLICTED TOBACCO PLANTSShould BeRemovedField.From TheBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Streetlm " SrasH(IVWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelanndry line. That is whaymideihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes bsck on its' reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as wo Kke toappreciateeBourbon LaundryParis Kentucky!3 i The Best in the World 2si The Higdin AU-MetalScreens,i The Higgm AU-MetalWeather Strip.Distributors of the Walger NewcTVIodel AwningThe Best Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, EtcSome of Our Customers in Paris Massie Hospital, A.J Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F.x Brent, J. W. Davis,Ieposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell ;& Blakemore and dozens of others. . ,Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought now for future; delivery arelmade atcents per square foot cherper. ""T. A. Hendricks,Sales AgentRhone 2585 Lexington, Ky.WASHINGTON, D. C, Fen. 2. Aserious disease to tobacco plants,which often greatly damage thecrop has been carefully studied byscientists of the Department of Agriculture. The Department has justissued an extensive report describingthe nature and sympoms of the disease and such methods of control ashave been found effective. Carefulexperiment has shown that certaininsects spread this disease, and ingreenhouses, plants screened withfine cloth and fumigated with a nicotin pepper were kept free from it Inthe field, the only method of controlat present available seems to be theprompt removal of all plants infectedwith the disease.Laborers in the operation of worming, and suckering and topping thetobacco plants may readily communicate infection from diseased tohealthy plants, for if healthy plantsare brought in contact with the sapof diseased plants the malady is aptto develop. This is in addition to thespread of the disease by insects, andas the infection is so readily carriedit is obvious that afilcted plants arealways infection centers so long asthey remain in the field.The methods of fumigation tried inthe greenhouse experiments proved sosuccessful that the question of theirapplication to the seed-bed is now under consideration by the Department.The keeping of the "mosaic" infection from the seed-bed seems a mostImportant means of controlling itsintroduction and spread in the field.In so far as outbreaks of the diseasemay occur directly in the field thematter of successful control probablywill be found to be exceedingly difficult. This is a matter still being investigated by the Department's scuentists.The development or the mosaic disease, commonly spoken of as "Calico," in tobacco plants produces verynoticeable change in their appearance. The blossoms of the plant areoften distorted; the leaves may bedwarfed, distorted and blistere'd andare always more or less mottled;frequently the entire plant is dwarfed. In very young plants at the twoleaved or three-leaved stage, and inmuch larger plants, in the rosettestage, the first visible symptom ofthe disease usually appears s slightdownward curling and distortion ofthe smallest, innermost leaves.rue aisease is Kuown' locally in' many sections by different names. Inthe tobacco sections of Kentucky, and(Tennessee "Walloon-is often used.The disease has also been termed"chlorosis," "mottled-top," "calico,"jetc.The new bulletin regarding this disease can bo had free on applicationto the Department of Agriculture at! Washington. D. C. The bulletin i&Fear, khat houU-arsTvho wish to$ell land, rather than 'tarmers wnoishvto borrow money, win Deneni.'.- lho'tiv.f 0 -faru ral creditsn hns ?eiscd"" - of the members-' r rur "U subcommittee ofTIouse Committee on banking and-ornv, - ",,J Ti ngressmanBulkley, of. Cleveland, is Chairman.mng of S. C. Hobbsnd J. C.Kennett, members of the Legisla: fc.ee of tho National Farmers'Hol-bs had told the committee thatenantrv io r" 7'" c,rirn n V'he country is facing a bread famine"u e the farr s were not being de-lo-Hsum"i r'r lo 'care for the inTPase in population.He told the committee that he fa--no T m1q lines of that introduced by Congressman Bathrick,? Akron O,, which oroviied for loansby the Government z 4 per cent.,meantime borrowing money on U. S.nds at 3 per cent.He declared the need for farmerso borrow capital with which to bringheir land to the nomt of highest ef-Iciency is imperative, but that this is'moossible under existing conditions.Bulkley and members of the committee pressed HobDs as to what the'ncrease of farm land values wouldbe if the interest rate was cut from'.8 per cent., the present average, toiy2 per cent., as provided by the Bathrick bill.Hobbs explained tiiat the averageFarm in. the United States is 138 acres,-md the average farm mortgage $1,24. The average reduction in interest per farm, he figured, would be51.48, or 37-cents an acre.Congressman Haj-os, however, declared that he believed the savinglhus made by the rural credit planwould be offset bv increased taxesin a heightened valuation."I figure that this $5145 is 5 perent. of more than $1,000, or on theaverage farm, of from $7 to $8 anacre. Will not tha. be added to thevalu of the farm land?"The chief needs of thefarmer,"TLtJuutjLt iom tne committee, "areinterest rates and longer time loans."'A Perfect Woman Nobly PlannedTo Warn, to Comfort and Command"Nature never intended woman to be deiTcr -,ora suf -er from"nerves." Women in middle age comp. - i . "hot fishes." ,faywomen suffer needlessly from girlhood to -p.. V iood, and from motherhood to middle life, with backache, or hcrr -re, dizziness, faintness, ocbearing-down sensations. For a permancn: re..ef from these distressingsymptoms nothing is so good asFAVORIT3 pErraiPTION"JL BaMauanBKiicKia " "ami. 1 1 i 1 1 n mm Ias a soothing ard strengthening nervine allays and subdues nervous cxcitabiHty,irritability, nervous cxhai.r..-, and otherdistressing symptMis c- attcoJjntupon functional and organ iw d uz.cs of thefeminine organs. It induces reshing sleepand relieves mental anxiety and despondency.T" x avorite Prescriptionis I n v- Tywhcre and for o v er 40 years asthe ta aril remedy for the diseases efwott"i. -'ir dealer in medicares sells it inliqu acr !et form; oryoa can send 59 oaecent f lor a trial box of Dr. Pierce'sFivo' cnp?on tablets. Ad'frcsfi Dt.Pieru. .no4us hole, Buffalo, N. Y.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate and invigoratestomach, liver and bowels. Sug&r wled, tiny granules.-zzzFzmEszssmX New Year's Resolutions1Thouohrfui consumers ot FUEL will resolve ti dbiain the highestefficiencv for'iheirmoney during f he year to come. This meansthat thev wtJI ueyox Sztdge Coal,"THi v? (J -i L WI r UOU T A FAULT."Dodon & DentonHOW IS YOUR BOILER?It has been stated that a man'sstomach is his boiler, his body is hisengine, and his mouth is his fire-box.is your boiler (stomach) in good working order or is it so weak that it willnot stand a full load and not be ableo supply the needed energy to yourehgine (body)? If you have anytrouble with yonr stomach Chamberlain's Tablets will do you good. Theystrengthen and invigorate the stomach and enable it to do its wok naturally. Many very remarkable curesof stomach trouble have been effectedby them. For sale by all dealers.(Feb.) . (adv)"THE PAINTED DESERT"AT SAN DIEGO EXPOSIT40NThe Home f Good CoalJBoth Phones 140Yards, South Main StS&&(?7?7ZS -SAN DIEGO, Fch. 2. The promiseof a great Indian exhibit at the SanDiego Exposition is to be more thanfulfilled. "The Painted Desert," is jthe name given to the exhibit madeby the Santa Fe Railway company, Iana this part of the Exposition as .now planned will embrace the modeof living, the industries, the handiwork, the sports anv the ceremonialsof all the wonderful Indian tribes yofArizona and New Mexico.The real "Painted Desert," so call-ed because of the vv:d coloring of itssurface caused by deposits of varioushighly colored stones, is in NorthernArizona, and a part of the Navajo Indian Reservation. Lix acres ofground on the site of the Expositionwill -be used for reproductions orcharacterise sce-aes on the "Painted !Desert," and hero representatives orfall of the famous tribes of Arizona 4 .and New Mexico will be brought, tobe seen by Exposition visitors at Jwork and. at play. In the hogans and "Z- tepees they will live, just as they live!xi.non thqv nro or iimiia onri m rua i r-community houses of the New Mexicotribes, exhibits of their handiworkwill be seen. (. The Snake Dance cr the Hopis, theSun Dance, and all of the other danon the "Painted Desert" at San Diegoon the "Painted Desert at San Diego- jmany times during the year of the jrimposition, muiuu games, aim sponstfiWomen of Refined TasteGet their advance Spring styles from the new 'cTUcCall Book of FashionsSpring Quarterly on Sale January 5 thThis recognized a u -fchorifcyis indispensible in planning your Springs wardrobe; 1C0pages of authentic descriptions andfascinating illustrations of advanceSpring feshions gathered from thewill hp. Rp.p.n. anrl nlsn tfm hlnnkfitino. 4uot tne department series andweaving and Dead embroidering,is entitled 'The Mosaic Disease ofj -ati this ic tn hP QimniMT.Ar.tnTobacco.""COL."BOONE, PROMOTOR,INDICTED IN OHIO.tfOn information furnished by theState Banking Department Col. AlbertBoone, railroad promotor, was indicted by the grand jury at Zanesville, O.,on a charge of violation of the "BlueSky" law. When arraigned he didnot plead, but bond was fixedfat 200.A -" piumuicu xuuujr inmuauB in vmiuwest virgmm, aua iventucKy, ana iswell-known throughout the UnitedStates.lCol." Boone was the promotor ofthe Black Diamond Itailroad scheme,now passed into history, and .is pleasantly (?) remembered in Cynthianaand other Kentucky cities.S:t('All this is to be supplemental tothe archaeological and ethnological-i-ji.j. i.iii. j.i. -171 n: r 4-. I foxniuit wuiuii uio jiiA.pusiuuu it yum- ?ering, and which will be the greatest ,exhibit ot its kind ever made at any !exposition.world's style-centers-York, London. Berlin.-Paris, New-JMeCiiNewest Fashions for evenimr or after- 'noon gowns, for tailored suits, wraps, out-''door and party frocks for misses', children's and babies' outfits.IATEsr Styles in hats, gloves, neckwear, jewelry, wide belts, handbans, lingerie and all dress accessories.Speciai, Articles on hairdressing, embroidery and a wealth of other interestingfeatures for women and the home.All designs illustrated in this big SpringsFashion Quarterly are prdduccd in easy-tCKmake-at-home, perfect-fitting IVIcCall Patterns. Only 30 cents Postpaidincluding any 15-cent PatternFOR SALE BYThe IVIcCall Co.236 to 246 West 37th St., N. .aaaaIfsCOTS)lCOKABd IStCTTlBOTAC,NEWS' SPECIAL 50 DAY RATEWITH THE LOUISVILLE POSTGEO. W. DAVIS&, TilnEiiir lllfiiltlUfi Ann uuwaciJ ciaDAJUfliiiii.J.BOTH'PHONES DAI 18; NIGHT 299.FURSIAND HIDESHIGHEST MARKET PRICE PJU0FOR RAW FURS AND HIDESWm4 n CmmMm. WiXaHrpiteSt mMMfiktf tMt 4.-Mft WHITER CO. lTy.ihbbv wmimmmmFor the next thirty days the News.i, will oiler to the people of this sectionthe Louisvlle Evening Post, the Farmana .Home and this publication forone for $3.75. This" extremely lowprice ill be in force only for. thetime specified above. The EveningPost, which is one of the best independent daily newspapers in.,? -theboutn has ,a regular subscriptionprice of $3.00 per year, the Farm andHome 50 cents, and the BourbonNews $2.00 per year, matins thecost of the three papers at the regu-will be given the benefit of $2.75. Inmaking thiis clubbing rate.it is understood that the subscription to thePost will be sent by mail, and in nocase delivered to the subscribers bythe city carrier All, subscriptionsmust be sent ttTHE BOTJRBON , NEWS, s.are usually thin andeasily worried, sleep does notrefresh and the system gradually weakens from insufficientnourishment.Scott's Emulsion correctsnervousness by its force of concentrated medical nourishmentit restores the healthy action rof bocly cells, enriches theblood, sharpens the appetite,and feeds the nerve centresby distributing energy andpower all over the body.Don't resort to alcoholicmixtures or drug concoctionsthat stimulate and stupefy.Get a bottle of Scott'chmulsion tor . yournerves nothingequals or compareswith it, but insistMi iWv v-J9 " 'wBIIIIMimiHIIIIMIHMWallPaper111on'ocot&j.. Jyl J1 EVERY DRUC1ST HAS IT TJ I-- , , 13-78 1Of B0URI0N rOULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops In thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and "booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co.IIttgtas,Xy.CALENDARS FOR 1915.. We have piade arrangements withi the Hayes Lithographing- Co., of Buffalo, X. Y., ;to act as their agents inBourbon County. We have now ready-for display one' o the handsomestlines o "Calendars for 1915 that youever saw. We can save you at least20 per cent on your orders. Don'tgive them to a, traveling agent comein or phone us and let us show youour line. The. Hayes Col is orfe othe largest in tho world and theirjwork is exquisite. Xet us have yourorder and savo you some money andat the same time make a little piecefor ourselves.EstimatesFurnished onJobs CompleteHandsome Lineof SamplesTelephone 781! Solicit Your TradeALBERT JONE!OctStfISt'&'.,(if.r-i(tf)BOURBON .-EWS:.-r" V ' -tV i-PsirIsrr Kntuoky.; i imiii't.?i?V&H'e-rt., r ;-.- r MEjj'hrt?v u' 5$ sf X"' JFzS. . Jtt-..' V; - & 'H-tt-n?'r ft.;.. .-s . ; t,. v . j, AL-W't-.a3LAZ , X-.i..i- . - TT' - - -w 7.; aFk&rn. at :fr i .t -E ft.-? ?rr &. ;;&rmAN INCESSANT COUGH.CotttkMKKl Dropping of Mucusiato my Throat.SI Berere cough is always a graveBymptom. It may not Indicate or-JTSLSSJSttarbance It Is of sufficient gravity tiemand prompt attention.The dropping of mucus froza thetack part of the nose into the throatindicates nasal catarrh. Sometimestkis goes on a long time before thepatient pays any attention to It. Itis stated on good authority that -mucusdropping into the throat in this:way is apt to excite catarrh of theetomach. At any rate, the conditionought to be corrected as soon as possible. Mrs. Bourland, of Frankston, Texas,found after using Peruna that notonly did the incessant cough disappear, but the dropping of mucus Intothe throat had also ceased. Uead.what she says:"For twenty-three years I was aconstant sufferer from chronic catarrh. I had a severe misery andburning in the top of my head. ThereCTas almost a continual dropping ofmucus into my throat, which causedfrequent expectoration. Jly entiresystem gradually became involved,and my condition grew worse. I hadan Incessant cough and frequent attacks of bilious colic, from which itseemed I could not recover. Mybowels also became affected, causingaiarmlnr attacks of hemorrhages.T trie 1 many remedies, which gaveonly te: -porary relief, or no relie'f ataH. I it last tried Peruna, and inthree d ys I was relieved of the bowelderang ment After -using five bottlesI was entirely cured.T most cheerfully recommend theuse of Peruna to any one similarlyafflicted.People who object to liquid medicines can. now obtain 'Peruna Tablets."STRAW JHAT CLU3" WILLADVERTISE SAN DIEGO.SAN DIEGO, Feb. 2. The latestthing devised by patriotic San Diegocitizens to impress upon the worldthe reason for holding open the SanDiego Exposition for the entire vearof 1915 is the Sfraw Hat Club. Members of this unique organization willobligate themseies to this, but insigning the membership roll of theStraw Hat Club they will incur apenalty in the form of a fine of $100for each and every violation of theirobligation.This penalty Is deemed hardly nee-,essarv in the case ot such wellknown San Diegans as former Secre-itary of the U. S. Treasury, Lyman J.Gage, Al. G. Spaulding, sporting goodsmagnate, H. H. Timklin, roller bearing millionaire, John D. Spreckles, sugar king, Admirals cJnel Sebree andH. H. Manney, TJ. S. N., retired, Jos.W. Sefton, Jr., pap&roox manufacturer, E. W. Scripps, aillionaire newspaper publisher, Col. D. C. Collier,President, and H. O. Davis, DirectorGeneral of the San Diego Expositionand U. S. Grant, Jr., oldest son ofthe ex-President, all of whom makeSan Diego their home.The membership of the Straw HatClub will not be limited to millionaires, however, and the only qualifica;, r,Qrt0oeo- Tnoorshin id hpossession of a straw "hat and thecourage to wear it in public duringthe months that are called wintermonths, but which, in San Diego, area succession ot balmy, sunlit days,like May days of elsewhere.The Straw Hat Club' will have itsheadquarters on tho TSan Diego Exposition grounds throughout 1915, andopen house will be kept for strangerswithin the gates wno will be willingto take obligation, and conform to therule of the club.MONEY ORDERS TO 3E MADEPAYABLE AT ANY OFFICEPostal money orders will be pay-!able at any post office instead of onlyat the office on which they are drawn t.jnndpr a hill nassed bv the United!States Senate It had already passedthe House.THE CINCINNATIWEEKLY ENQUfflEAMERICA'S GREATEST WEEI-WEEKLY j-PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY.What Weekly Enqoirer IsThe Weekly Enquirer is today oneof the best dollar-a-year weekly as- " UUi. '.riu V Tricultural newspapers published. Its I room and was m the &aMt of visitfield is national, anc it reaches every j mS tuem by way of a. hole in the saState and territory in the United 1 loon deck, through which passes aStates. It handles all the leading lift rope. On the night .of the tragedycurrent news and market reports- It j Mary was taking a stroll on deck,presents a completes summary of all ithe important events of the times. It i,Ud0 : i me uaiiy r.uquucSSLf Uff -f f, CPnniS J? efnine ,rJT, Z. iVo nr , Iexriirctvo iic f if o cnhcprihpr? Its !fiction department is unexcelled. Inw..w uuv. w. .-w M.ww- - I-ts field of farm news it is supreme.You need the Weekly Enquirer.There is valuable information in eachissue for all the members of yourfamilv JOur special offer to club raisers, jFifty per cent, discount allowed to janyone sending us a club of three ormore yearly subscribers at one time. ;Make up a club of three or more andremit us only 50 cents for each name.Write today for asample copy, ofour big Premium and Clubbing Listit is free. You might send us thenames of a few of your friends orneighbors whom you think would appreciate a real bargain offer. tWe want active agents in every j"al communityIf you arewfell-nown it Will pay ou to invifetate.We allow a big commission oh flttfevqu renewal sUDScriDiions. uv;ai.-- . tIRE WEEKJLYJNPRER.THE tOvcTRBON.NEWS, PaRiS, 'jiNi fcCRROMANCE OF STOLEN PICTUREPJnturicchfo's Well-Known Painting- ....' . .. ... .... . .of "Madonna and Child" WhichWas Lost Is Found.London. No little sensation wasft21 , ' nrf n. lM rtnf1v hv fhdiscovery at Charing Cross Station ofPinturicchio's well-known painting 5"Madonna and the Child valnsdMadonna and the Child," valuedat 10,000, which was recently foundto have been removed from the churchof St Maria Maggiore at Spello inItaly. The box in which it was foundhad been consigned to London fromFlorence, and the picture was conPlnturicchio's Recovered "Madonna."tcoaled under a false bottom.The'1 painting was taken away and deposit-was watched by detectives readv to idetain anyone claiming it. Four ar-1rests have been made in Italy in con- inection with the theft. Under Italian !law no old masters are allowed to beremoved from the country without theexoress nermission of t.iifi pnvpm. igovernment, and persons breaking this laware liable to a fine amounting to three,times the price which they may have jreceived for the stolen picture."DEAD" CHILD COMES TO LIFEFriend of FTc Family Viewing BodySees Tinge of Color in theTips of the Ears.Wray, Colo. Marie Hesse, thethree-year-old daughter of Mr. andMrs. Henry Hesse, had a remarkableescape from being buried alive aftershe had been pronounced dead by aphysician.The child 2iad been ill for some timeand was seized with convulsions. Shelapsed into unconsciousness and apparently died. The doctor in attendance made several heart and lungtests and pronounced the child dead.The undertaker thought the girlwas dead. The child was placed in awrote casket and the funeral set.Alter the services the family andfriends approached the casket to lookat the face of the supposed dead girl,One of Hesse's neighbors called atten-tion to a faint color in the tins of thegirl's ears and the funeral was stopped. Another doctor was hurriedly summoned and he pronounced the girlalive. The child was removed fromthe casket and placed in bed. Shehas not yet regained consciousness.j but is alive and the physicians be-ueve sue will xecover.GAVE LIFE FOR HER KITTENSchampion Rat Kriier of Steamship. . . .. . . r" gic atn AnsweringMews nf Her Young.i Brooklyn. Mary, the mascot catand champion rat killer of the-Amer-j ican Steamship line, is dead. Shej died, as she iived, on the Atlanticocean.i , Hers was the death of a conscien-i tious mother, for it was in trvim? fnanswer the piantive mewing of herkittens that she was accidentally killed. This tragedy of the sea was re-,luit.eu ou iue arrival oi. tue liner jf uuj adelphia at Southampton,i Mary, the best o mothers, had madewhen she heard the kittens mfiwimr.siie turned back, crept through theil0ie the lift was working, and in aninstant the kittens were motherless.For the rest of the voyage a stew-a was reputed to give the kittens a 1w .. ,.daily supply of milk until the linerreached Southampton.1 JKt jj$h tiL.lMBB3BBHKSaHIWk: HHflnWest and to pay him $25 a week. HisSeeks D.vorce on Queer Grounds. ' hoar biJX amounts to $2,929acNew York.-In her suit separation J11 l' ' .fited in the supreme court, Brooklyn,Mrs. Edith Graney charges that shehas been made' temporarily insanethrough "mental suggestions" by herhusband. She declared that her hus-1band had -for years asserted that she jWas "crazy" and that he often gazedinto her face for long periods withoututtering a'word.Aged Man to Wed Housekeeper.West Orange, N. J. John C. Han-SOn, seventy-five, obtained a license towprt liiR lionspVeetier. Mrs. Annie Sher-seTenty-seven. He said he has.. , ,. . ... j.. .,iiuhii . iiiiiuii " i ; .- luiirin1 .3.'.A' li! fi.oif Er?fs rilnJl A oVaiI rtVmvvi-etuv.c oii uiBi, niw uicvi. mcu auwuuthe forthcomimg' marriage -he said:"An old fool never change his mind;CITIES ON BAGDAD RAILWAYLlne WlU Enab,e ne to Journey byRail Ctftm Anir (Tiimnaqn Hah. v"" "J .... ...-ter to Damascus.London. Although much has beenwritten upon the political significance? great Bagdad railway, little ortiling has been said about those oldhistorical or sacred cities, it will b&the means of linking up with Europeby an iron road. Indeed, within thenext two years one ought to be ableto journey from any of the great railway centers of Europe, such as Paris,Berlin, or Vienna, to Damascus, theoldest city in the world, by rail overthe Bagdad line, and also to the sa, cred cities of Palestine, to say nothing '! of taking a peep at the Euphrates val-In the Damascus Country.ley, the alleged site of the Garden ofEden, and then on to Mosul, thatnourishing little village that hassprung up upon the ruins of ancientNineveh, while Bagdad, the engineerstell us, will be reached within threeyears, near which lie the remains ofBabylon, that mighty city reared amidsucl1 splendor by Nebuchadnezzar,This inking up of Syria, Palestine,and Mesopotamia with all their sacredand historical cities with Europe isone of the most interesting featuresUl "" blCttl uuunawus.Before describing the progresswhich has been made during the pastfew ears, some reference to the his-tory of the undertaking is essentialIndeed, it is safe to say that no enterprise has caused European statesmenso much anxiety as the Bagdad project. Here it should be explained thatthe railway is being built by the Germans, with German material, and byGerman engineers on Turkish terri-tory, with the full sanction and ap-proval of the Ottoman governmentThe money to carry on the work hasbeen advanced by German banks upon guarantees being given, by theTurkish government. So far about10,000,000 has been sunk in the enterprise; but it is clear that another10,000,000 will be needed to carrythe rails into Bagdad, which, if thepresent rate of progress is maintained, should be reached within thenext three years.RATS FOOL VICTIM BY RUSEOne Leers at Engineer Until HeChases it, Then CompanionsSeize Food.Cleveland. Three big wharf rats,grown gray in iniquity, stole JohnGibbons' lunch from him in the basement at police headquarters afterfooling their victim by u clever ruse.Each leered at Gibbons and deftlywiped the evidences of the repastfrom his white wniskers before disappearing into into a hole.Gibbons is night engineer at head-I '"S 2?" Pl"ea ?j,Smidnight lunch he saw a gray, dissipated appearing old rat looking athim."Git out," yelled Gibbons, but therat only looked malignantly towardhim and shuffled toward the lunch.Catching up a stick Gibbons startedafter the rat. He was not five feetaway from his lunch when two morepests popped out of holes. WhileGibbons was chasing one, the othertwo ate, and by the time he had convinced himself that he is not a ratcatcher all the food was gone. Thethree rats seemed to bow a mockingftlreweI1 as they sIipped back ,ntotheir hiding places.SEEKS $2,925 FOR BOARDNew Yorker Sues Lodger in State Supreme Court to Recover InAll $4,009.55.New York.- Joseph James Hucheshas brought suit in the Supreme courtfor the recovery of$4,009.55 fromGeorge H. Robinson.A big board billi figures in the action. The complain-ant says that Robinson agreed onI . , rtry -s- . . . ... . .-a-ugusc Z6, uvv, to ooara witn mmin an apartment on Central Parkj-xi auiunuu nuuiusuii, nuguijib says,became dissatisfied with life in NewYork and persuaded him to move toSouth' Orange, agreeing to pay for theunexpired lease. -This, he says, adds600 to the bill. Then Hughes alsowants to recover for a loan of $484.55,which makes the grand total sued for-Says Woman's Dress ts Pretty.Washington. "Women's clothesvere never so pretty and sensible asthey are today," said Mrs. David Houston, wife of the secretary of agriculture, when asked for her opinion ofmodern dress for women. Mrs. Houston also defended the, tango and othermddern dances, saying: 'The tango isone of the most beautiful dances IsFEBRUARY 3. 1914CHJL;DREN CUTOFF BY TIDEThirty Youngsters Rescued on theCoast of England After TryingExperience.'London. More than 30 children,whose, ages ranged from five to tenJ some rocks New BriXtTlJltlZJl Eyears, were trapped by the tide whilertT QTlil Ti Q T.TrTirlTT ecffyraA flTMxminThey were rescued with considerabledifficulty by men who were at onetime up to their shoulders in water.The children were members of aparty of little slum dwellers fromLiverpool who were enjoying a day atthe seaside. fThey were playing in the vicinity ofthfi Perch 'Ron'h- Patterv and failedto notice the Incoming tide. Theywere quickly surrounded bf the sea,and their position was one of peril.Some of them succeeded in reachingthe shore without assistance, but themajority were panic-stricken, andtheir screams attracted a large crowdof people.Four shore horsemen and W. H. S.Oulton, revising barrister for Liverpool, went pluckily to the rescue andbrought the children to the shore inpairs.Their work was rendered exceptionally difficult in consequence of thetreacherous nature of the rocks, whichwere covered with slippery moss. Several times they slipped and grazedtheir legs, but the children escapedinjury.' One of the rescuers missed his footing and fell into a deep hole, but waspulled out by another man.The work of the rescue lasted halfan hour, and by the time the last ofthe children was brought ashore thewater was up to the shoulders of themen and a foot or two above therocks.Mr. Ouiton, who rescued 15 children, stated in an interview that greatdifficulty was experienced, and thechildren repeatedly shouted, "Shall webe saved?"'T fell several times," he added,"but saved the children I was carrying from injury."One of the horsemen, George Clarke,who brought 12 children ashore, saidhe never thought it possible that allcould be rescued before the tidewashed them off the rocks.Wills Money to Husband.Dunton, N. Y. The will of Mr3. Matilda O. Blattmacher, filed here, bequeaths her savings of $3,200 to herhusband, but directs that her two chil-dren be taken from he? husband andplaced in the care of her mother.Raises 17J4 Pound Radish.Washington, N. J. A radish weighing 17 p6unds has been grown onthe farm of Ira S. Pierce here.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)What has become of the old-fashionedman who always had a pocketfull of dirty white peppermint lozenges that he gave to the childrenhe met?Job imagined he was up against it.But he never sued a railroad for $10,000 and had to wait fifteen years toget a verdict of 10 cents.There are lots of busy people inthe world, including the men whostand in line waiting for a seat in amoving picture rshow.I may be a Heathen. But no revivalist is going to convert me bytelling what a Bad Man he was befiorewas saved, and -how he used to beathis wife and steal milk from blindbabies.A woman can' always start a fightwith her "husband about where theywould build 'their Palatial Residenceif he,waf .fettifas $10'000 Per weekinstead of $25.When a man Is going to marry agirl she knows it six months .beforehe makes up his, mind about it. .A woman can always see how .muchher figure is improving and how muchworse other women's figures are "getting. - It is funny that a man who is socareful not to spoil his features thathe uses a safety razor when he shaveswill think nothing of fooling around amarried woman.The reformers who advocated thePasteurized kiss sppms tn lmvo n-vor-.looked the need of a Pasteurized!13?Tango.If a woman lovej a man, a littlething like a glass eye or a wooden legdoesn't make any difference. But aman can't see a woman who is builtthat way.Considering the tact' that you canalways start a new religion, it isfunny that a lot of men are contentto work for a living.tThe trouble with yemg near-sightedis that a man is liable to mistake hiswife for some other woman and bepolite to her.After all, it wasn't Mother's cookine:' as mucn as your appetite that madethe difference when you were a boy.rTMr... r-WJFWWAi.lSFIDaily-Courier -ATfdDSLlf IP27iOSDURINGDECEMBERJANUARYFEBRUARYTD6 BourDon Newshas made special arrangement whereby the Daily jCourier-Journal can be furnished one yjsar for$3.00, six months $1 .75, by mail (Sunday not included) to all patrons who will give their orders tous during the months named above. Better still,you can have the Daily Courier-Journal and theBourbon News one year each-: For Only $475After February 28, 1914, the price of the DailyCourier-Journal alone is $6.00 a year. Take ad-vantage of this special Bargain Offer at once andREDUCE THE HIGH COST NF LIVING.To Get Advantage of This Cut RateOrders Must Be Sent Us, Notto the Courier-Journal.u oc n. time-table;EFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trairis A.rrrveNo. PROM34 Atlanta, Ga., ' Daily 5:21 am134 Lexington, Ky Daily : ll5:l8afa29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y 3:85 an7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '.; 7:38 autr10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday s 7:45am-40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 7:43 am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily 9:38n3-' Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10:2tam12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 30:15 aun33 Cincinnati, O., Daily v 30:34 am26 1 LexUgton, Ky -Daily -Except Sunday ,. M:o m25 'Cynthiana, Ky., DaQy Except Sunday. . .- Z:19 pra9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:15 MQ138 Lexington, Ky., DailyI3S Knoxville, Tenn., Daily '. ... 3:30pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5:3fpm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday , S:56pmS Lexington, Ky., Daily 6:18 p32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:23p.31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pm-Trains IDe-pstrt - t .No3447Cincinnati, O., Daily .' - 5:2S am- 'Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:35 aLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:47 aav .Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7: 5ft am4010 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily..' !T:43aSl-37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily ....". .. .- 9:45afoi ,33 Jacksonvville, Fla., Daily v 10:23 amLexington, Ky., Daily : 10:27 am.Maysville, Ky., Daily - . 12:lpCvnthiana. Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 12:04 amo2013 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. ...'...! . . . 3:33 pn35? Cincinnati, O., Daily -' 3:40pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday - 5:56 pnv39 Lexington, Ky., Dajly Ejcept Sunday . 5:58 pm,3283031131Cincinnati, O., Daily 6:apmMaysville, Ky., Daily Exeept Sunday GcXiBf,Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . . to) pn-Lexington, Ky., Daily - .- " 3f:WipmAtlanta, Ga., Daily ItemmTrainsNo. FR2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Su4. FranMort, Ky., Daily Except Sup . .j-'reiixxsNo. T1 Frankkfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday : aI-3 Frankfort,. Ky", Daily Except Sunday.. 8:35 pa -Water so hot that it destroyed hardrubber valves in the city pumps, andfor which scientists are at a loss toexplain, was beinjr pumped from the'city well, in Girard, Kans., 750 feetr0sn until it was shut down, uirarathreatened "to become a washerwoman's delight.5-eafgzssaemmimakJhrcJournalAttC-V!...-.-- 3:83WBiTOA.rri-veOM : . 'nday 7:40 annday '. .5:5 pn- ti -jje&x-i.i . -U .$mumm1W.KB4G&SOW,E perI nnnt"m vviinftf?V.f-Bgoanis mindLI' S'"V -CINCINNATI? O.a wise man doft."ever saw.icyTr:? . r3S,A'i,ia.Vj-.ru.;f -,x.dfcfcii3r..-j.?:., .i . I . ? A,- ' .. - . j jL $& " . :, H- .r-i's-yM.ih..oTTTHi ;BOlRBQl NEWS, .PARIS, KX, FEBROAfcY 3, 4914 .-xd!It-V-K'Vt-;s'EIGHTEEN LOST.Whe German Bark Hera Sinks Offthe Coast of Chili.FALMOUTH, ENGLAND, Feb. 2.-iCtepL Lorenz, tho first officer, and"eveeteen.o'f tlie crew of tlie Germankii Hera, from Pisagua, Chili, forMaouth, lost their lives Sunday,fertHigh the vessel striking a. rock -ast& hfti almost concluded her voyage. The remaining five men wereexeL through the gallantry of thetrat officer, who, realizing his ownd was near, handed his whistle toi comrade with orders to "blow itTkis, attracted the attention of thecrew of a lifeboat, who rescued thejsea from the rigging. ;Tke Hera encountered z gale at theemtrance of the English Channel."She lost her course and struck on tlie-recks near Porthalia Bight. The ves'Twl immediately filled and the men"took to the boats, which capsized.Bight succeeded in getting back to"tke ship, but three of them were"washed off before the lifeboat arrived."Tfc first officer, who was lashed totke rigging, Tilew his -whistle until therieiog tide had almost engulfed him.Tken he passed it over with the remark: "Here, -chum, you can do better withikat than 1 can," and fell back dead.DON'T GRA3 SOYS.Ttfen sliould never take women'sArms in walking, says the GermanXaiser, but rather allow the womanto take "hold of the man's urm."You're as poor as me. I took onecigarette and wish you a Happy NewYear," -was the note left by a burglarm the home of BR. O. Boyce, in Portland, Ore., when he found but 21 centsla Joyce's pockets.King Christian X, of Denmark, talk--e several of his nublie SDeeches intoa phonograph and the records will be I'canned" among tke archives of Denzmark. NOTICE FROM HEALTH BOARD.Physicians and heads of familiesr respectfully referred to Section2 W9 of the Kentucky Statutes, -whichpretides as follows:"Section 2060 Anyjihyslcian or 5iead of a family who-stall tail or refuse t report to thelocal Board of Health in cases of"chaleca, smallpox, yellow fever, scarlet fever, dipntheria .and other epidemic diseases as provided for in Section 2055 of the act mentioned intke title of this act, shall be fined npjtlees than -five dollars for each daylie neglects or refuses to sreport.(Section as amended by Act of March3, 1891)Please take due notice and govern;yoreelves accordingly.A. H. KELLER.City Health Officer.. By order of Board of Health."Parts, ICy Jan. 15, 1914.16 Jau-tf )44JanuaryII ClearanceNow Going OnBig CutWinterSeventh and Main",Only a DayWHATMOINDAY,February 23,ARRIrALOFREX2 p. m., andProteus ParadeA't NightTwinisNew Orleans$19.80Tickets an Sale Daily February 17to 23 Inclusive. 'Sleeping Car Pare $4 to $4.50 Each WayExtension Limit on Tickets to (VtarcH 23The Approximate Total Cost For the Round TripSEstimate for five days board and lodging at $1.00 per day 5a best private homes; or-$2.00 I-" . 'Uper day at good hotels, toAvhkh add the above railroad and Pullman fares.- Apply to t. & J; N.Atior printed list of Rooming Houses and Hotels. -.-." ) :- ' .,YOUNGPEOPLE ORGANIZEMISSIONARY SOCIETYA new.societv. "known ns the Yoimsri oPeople's Missionary Society, has recently been organized in the Methodist church with the following officers:President, Miss Frances Hancock;first vice-president, Miss Sara Power;second vice-president, Miss ElizabethMann; third vice-president, MissEdith Hancock; fourth vice-president,Miss Gladys Snapp; secretary, MissMaude Taylor; Corresponding secretary, Miss Alva Neal; treasurer, MissEdna Snapp.These young people meet "the sec-ond Tuesday in each month, and area very successful sale of good thingsto eat Saturday, realizing a nice sumNest Thursday Mrs. 0. B. Crockett,of Nicholasville, will be in Paris toinstall the officers of the new organization, and Mrs. Grubbs", of Winchester, will also be here to attend andaddress an all-day meeting of theWomen's Missionary Society at theMethodist church. The program willbe announced later.MR. D. M. ROBINS MAKESADDRESS TO LARGE CROWDAt the -Methodist church Sundayafternoon, a large audience was present to hear Dr. D. M. Robins in hisaddress on "The Man Worth While."Mr. Robins is secretary of the Y. M.C. A. of Versailles, and is a youngman of pleasing personality and greatearnestness of manner. His addresswas eloquent and elective, and madean impression upon his hearers thatwill not be soon effaced.Mr. Charles M. Griffin, secretary ofthe Paris Y. M. C. A., presided, andProf. A. H. Morehead rendered an appropriate solo.MISSION CIRCLECLEARS HANDSOME SUMThe Young Ladies' Mission Circleof the Christian church cleared about40 on the series of four afternoonteas which held last month, the lastone being held Saturday. They deserve much credit for their successand for the dainty and generous service rendered their patrons. ("The best thing etn .ex-Presidentcan do is to leave the country for awhile," is what William H. Taft toldYale graduates at a banquet in Albany, N. Y., and they laughed uncertainly. WIND MOVES TURNTABLE;ENGINE BACKED INTO TMTSaturday afternoon at Maysvilleduring the high wind, the L. & N'sturntable, which had been fixed toturn engine No. 114 for train No. 10,due in this city at 3:20 p. m., wasturned by the wind and when the engine was run on it the tender wasthrown off the table into the pit. Theaccident delayed the train twa hours,and an engine was sent from this cityto carry the train through to Stanford, Saturday night.rss4H4'f-fc4$fton AHGoods"mmmmzii-AvImmmSts., Paris, Ky.mSale!Deplsin,and Night to New Orleans!IT WILL COST TOMardi GrasThe TWfiig-Days, Feb. 23 and 24- Mobile$18.00Pensacola$20.30Round Trip Froim ParisRetires From Business Activity After54 Years of Unin'eiriipted ServiceMAYOR J. T. HINTONWho Yesterday Turned Over His Immense Furniture Busmess to His Three Sons.APPROACH OF SPRINGREVIVES BASE BALLTALKBase ball is booming in Maysvilleas the opening of spring draws near,and sentiment to get behind a winning club is growing. The club hasbeen reorganized, with Thomas A.Keith, president; Henry Shea, vicepresident; Roy Cochran, secretary;to secure funds to start the season isbythe sale of stock at 25 per share,eighty shares being offered for sale.One firm contributed $100 to the teamand another citizen subscribed forseven shares of stock. From presentprospects a team sems assured.Ed Monroe, the lanky f pitcher formerly with the Paris team, "wild wasand formed by them to the Lincolateam of the "Western League, is dissatisfied with his new berth, and haswritten to the Lexington managementasking that they buy, his releaose, ashe wants to piay titcre again.Pitcher Jake Schencrjerg, and outfielder Kemper Shelton, former BlueGrass League stars, are holdouts formthe Columbus Association team, butboth will probably sign up their contracts in a few' days.President Gableman, of the Portsmouth team, .has' mailed contracts toinfielders Thomas Dunlap, of Hymera,Irtri and TV! finncoroo nf OlarL-o.i.tn frv-,,,,- m,r, .- ' i .mc, j.cuji. iuce uimei suns were jsecuredNby Portsmouth from the Lex. tington team.BOY WANTEDHonest and industrious boy wantedto help in' store. None other needapply. .- ' 'i .(7-2t) H. J. GROSeHB.-Absolute silence within the ' clubhouse is the radical -rule of a newclub formed in Moscov, mainly bychss players, guests being forced towrite out Orders to waiter.On cliarges that he embraced ascrubwoman in a classroom duringschool hours, Prof. Lafayette Talbot,Principal of Public school No. 8, atHoboken, N. J., has been suspended.Gallery observers- in Washingtonmade these notes on President .Wilson's pronunciation in reading histrusi message: Either pronouncedeyether, been pronounced bean, personnel pronounced pare-so-nell.JUj44SEETUESDAY,February 24PARADE OFREX'10 a. in., andComus Parade "AtSiffht 4.tI ENTER PROTEST AGAINST THEI - DIVISION OF PIKE COUNTVA dispatch from Frankfort Saturdaysaid: "The Rev. J. W. Redd, of Millersburg; J. A. Scott, Tom Katcherrmrl ntlior rocirJonte of "Pilro -v!ifvare in Frankfort, working to forestalla rumored attempt to secure the division of Pike county."The Rev. Redd, who is one of theState trustees of the Anti-SaloonLeague, says that the attempted division -is for, the purpose of makingthat part of Kentucky a dumpingplace for the saloons of West Virginiawhich will be driven out of the neigh-boring State next Jury, when the State"wide prohibition rlaw goes into effectthere. They allege that tho liquorpeople are behind the effort atdivision, and they are on the ground tcfight the measure should it be introduced in the House."Pike county is at present dry, bu'the section in which the division ifprojected is inhabited by foreignersand liquor cause adherents. Therewould be little trouble of voting thaisection wet, in Rev, bead's opinion, ifit ever became sepuraaed from therest of the county."W.hen Patrolman John Holland of'the Barhfirfrm n t .-., v , l-nnue JLCrcC wni i t wfinirnTAi -! --discovered ihsari niricanal boatschool 6dys.-he.told -nenfhe wasbymg as a "ghost'- tn W "r " yub"reporters. "ewspaperAn expert on hygiene declares that-i7u- wmmuo to wearclothing ach year. Someone islessgoingfiibS-? "tu next summer, andLuke is mighty glad he Isn't blinothl mwojfatuto go to Heiiven, shunthe quick lunch, y. M. C. A. Phys-fwu?2?Ctor WeismlUer declarilXTV llux-"P eats and the Devil isconquering the weak..FUGITIVE FROM WHITESBURGIS- CAPTURED IN THIS CITYWill Wilson, a negro, is being heldm jail here awaiting the arrival ofthe authorities from Whitesburg Kyfrom which place lie is a fugitive fromjunW. ne is cuareed with hvh.I Wav rnhhprv nnH -Joti k 1; . -. . ti " - jau uirccuuiig,' ana isuub ui me nve prisoners who escapedjail at that place last Monday night.Wilson was taken into custody at aresort in the negro suburb of Claysville by Chief of Police T?r,i T.tlandL when lodged in jail admitted that7? .one OI ttie men wanted bythe Whitesburg authorities. He toldof how he and his companions planned the jail delivery which was -reflectedby prizing a large stone -'outOm. the wall and liberating all of henegro prisoners confined in the lowercorridor of the structure. Since theescape he said he har been at severalplaces and came to this city the latter part of last .week, where hehoped toN secure employment at one-rrth? raUroad construction -camps'.He later gave the tracers n.-da;nrin.rtion of another of the escaped- prisoners, who he said was in Paris andshort time before his arrest. TheWhitesbur-authorities were apprisedof the capture of the fugitive and ftieywill arrive in a few cays to take himto that city.While in Claysville last night inseach of the man implicated in thejail delivery at Whitesburc bv Wii."son, Chief Link arrested -a nejrro whogave "his name as -Eddie CleieMnn ona charge of carrying concealed weapons. As the officer entered a, nmisnm which; Cleighton was stopping, tlieitpsio niaue an- attempt to draw avolver. , , T "'fi20 id. Tn Eastern sugarWith a $3.00 PurchaseBaby Bunton Corn, 3 Cans. - 25cs Tomatoes, -per -can :......Sujrar Loaf Peas, per can 1 5c and 20cStandard Peas, per can. . . . r .' 1 0cPork and Beans, 2 cans for..X. .."....... :-. . ...... 1 5cRolled Oats, new stock, 3 packages ... . 35cNew Dried Peaches ....'. 10 ertid 1 3 l-2eFancy Apricots, 2 lb. for -.". . '. ?.". ...;.. v . . 35cFancy Sun Dried Apples, per lb Sc.LANCASTERTLQUR.25-lb Sack $ '.80'48-lb Sack, '.. 1.C098-lb Sack 3.10Save the difference by paying, cash. SpecialPrices on quantity lots'.T f IrNIHAN !Cash Grocery. . mBoth Phones 234Fl Fl FINE PERFORMANCEAND WELL ATTENDEDIn spite of the inclement weatherfull house greeted "Pi Fi of the Toy3hop," a musical fantasy given by theastor's Aid Society of the Presbyterian church, on Friday night.The play began promptly, and from;tart to finish charmed an enthusiistic audience.Miss Mary Mitchell Clay as "Bonlie, the Toyman's daughter," delighted every one. As the leading female-Aaracter her acting was artistic andInished, and was complimented on allsides.Miss Elizabeth Mann mado a perfect "Fi Pi." As the French doll shewas a vision of loveliness when thecurtain rose, disclosing her to view,n her song with the Man in the Moonshe was most attractive.Miss Elizabeth Fisher, in the dual"ole of witch and fairy, did splendidwork and delighted the audience.Miss Mary Fithian ITutchcraft as'Inkspot," could not have been surpassed. rMiss Frances Clay, as "Loosy, therag doll," played her part to perfection, while Miss Rachel Wiggins, thelaughing doll, furnished much amusement. Miss Anna Eads Peed made a splendid Japanese doll.xMr. ' Hord Barnes, of Millersburg,"tlie Sandman," played an importantpart and sang two beautiful solos.As the Man in the Moon, Mr. Wallace Clark was the principal malecharacter and was admirable in bothacting and singing.Messrs. Karry Brent Fithian asTackhamraer, Harry Horton as Captain Barnacle, Prentice Lancaster asPrince Lolipop, and Harry Saloshinas Tin Heart, were prominent characters. ,Introduced in the play were a number of attractive drills.The China dolls drill by eightyoung girls was well executed andmost attractive, and the Paper Dollsv,iui ineir cnarmmg personalities andpretty paper dresses, were a beautiful sight.The Letter Blocks gave a splendiddrill, spelling a well-known adage,while the Jumping Jacks and Noah'sArk Animals took their parts splendidly. Eleven of our young society girlswith Miss Elizabeth Brown as solodancer, made the "Bridesmaid Dance"a "thing of beauty."Nothing could have been morecharming than the fifty little fairies,who gracefully took part in a prettydrill and song, led by Mrs. FrankFithian's beautiful voice.Mrs. Fithian's singing and Mrs. M.H. Dailey's splendid accomplishmentswere features of the entertainment.as a wnoie uie penormance was Imost creditable and satisfactory.Our city and county are to be congraratulated upon the large amount ofj talent displayed by those who tookpart in this delightful rendering of"Fi Fi."A Brunswick merchant who accepted a lottery ticket' from a destitutecustomer in payment for a hat.won- a$350 prize. , - -". :-;'. - .-..PARIS HIGH SCHOOL .- ', ,,DEFEATS LEXINGTON GIRLSBy the score of 17 to 13 the girls'basket ball team of the Paris HighSchool defeated the five 6the Lexington Girls' Gymnasium Saturdaynight in the gymnasium on Shortstreet,. The game wa& hard playedand exciting, and the result was indoubt until the final whistle announced that the contest was over.At the end of the first half thescore stood 5 to 4 in favor of Lexington. The- Xexington team openedtne second lialf with a great spurt,uut atter that the Paris five openedUP. and before thev arot through, hnriI V rwiwi ..,11" ej-lu elk v ou.The Paris 'line-up was as follows:Huth Chambers and Gertrude Slicer.guards; Lona McCordcentsr: EllenHenry andCarsv' Rft. forwirrU-V.iimHWf mgmmaGmmwssmm mrreW.substitute5, L-nt,.llosa and F1oroeEllis. - ' ,'1 0cTUBERCULOSIS COMMISSIONTELLS OF LOCAL CONDITIONS"Most people do not realize the various ways in which a case of tuberculosis affects a community" said MrRoy L. French, Secretary of the StattTubercnlosrs Commission."There are in Bourbon county twofamilies with wliich I am somewhatacquainted, where the adults are afflicted with consumption."There are six or seven small children in these two families. The twofathers are so far advanced with thedisease that there is little chance ortheir recovery. Already tha twemothers show suspicious signs of be-mg affected with the disease Iicase tney go tnese young chndrerwill hav to he cared for in some orphan asylum, unless they ara promptly adopted by some neighbor."In other words, two original case.of consumption, taking off the nature,protectors of the families, will in addition mortgage tha lives of severa.young children, possibly deprive then,of natural home -life, and probablpitch them into the world with, inconipetent educations. In addition, theschildren, quite possibly, have-.been iufected so that an illness in their lattteens or their twenties may allow thtdevelopment of this hidden infection"If the first cases had been discovered promptly by a rmysician and educated by a visiting trained nurseadditional deaths might have beeiavoided. When one considers thaabout one-sixth of tlie deaths in Paris are from cbnsumption, the opportunity for effective service can b.readily seen. Why cannot the peophof Paris divert some of their fundsgiven Tor charitable purposes to thi -schemeof life-saving?"TIPTON WITHDRAWSFROM FASIG-TIPTONCCEd. A. Tipton, president- of. the K)Trottig Horse Breeders' Assocnatior.and manager of C. K. G. BillingsCurl's Neck Farm in Virginia, ha?resigned as president of the Fasij.Tipton Sales Company, of New YorLand sold his stock in cue company tE. J. Tranter.This information was contained i.a telegram received Saturday morning from Mr. Tipton, who is in NevYork. He will be succeeded as president by Mr. Tranter, who for'the las'ten years has been a partner of Mr.Tipton in the company.Mr. Tipton has been at the head ctho.Qompany since its organization L1899 Close attention to the management of the Kentucky Trotting Hors-Breeders Association affairs madhis resignation necessary.A Moorish woman considers itj)oint of honor to be abso'lufcefv igmrant of her age.It is stated that throughout Swedethere are 500,000 jtotal abstainers, cabout 10 per cent, of the populationSUCCESSFULFIGHTON HOG;CHOLERAGratifyingnresults marked the eiforts of the Government. Departmentof Agriculture during the past' yea:to combat hog cholera in Indiana.Missouri, Iowa and Nebraska- bjmeans of antUiog cnolera serum andfarm quarantines. In a statementtoday it is asserted that of , -the hog-actually sick whenT treated- nhe department's inspectors lost but 25per cent. Of well nogs in'diseasedherds less than lper cent, died afterinoculation with serum."In everycountry where tie use ofserum and quarantina measures wereLinauiriirated. p.vpt thnnA kam nfr-er the disease had continued its ravages for some time," says the statement., "there was less loss from hoejtrholera than in either of the preced-I inn- -,-..The goxernment expects to extent!the work gradually all over the country until tlie disease is either groughtLuader control preHtirerK?eiiininate(iwry, it is s'jgjgffec ' tod? Successful;,Mcampaign. -' . , & . . "rTHE ECnSpBOHfSi-PfJfKWCKY, FEBRUARY 3,414m? &- Ji -41i? '. Xf)Ffififj'wm&(fykHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADECLOVER SEED.W e have frBisjfaesfcgrade of Red Clover,Alsske, Afif aBf a andTimofcfoy Seed at: rightprices. See tss beforeplacing your order.Oias.S. Brent Sc Bro.3f-tf Phones 1 4-AN INVITATION.You are cordially invited to call at'tfee Gas Company's office and inspect'their Hue of gas ranges and heaters.No obligation on your part, just calland ask how you can save time andmoney by using gas for fuel and heat.Thousands have learned how.(3-lt)R ANSON STREETSOLD ATCOTTAGEPRIVATE SALEMr. John Cain, Superintendent ofstreets in Peris, sold last week to Mr.R. II. Harris, a one-story frome cottage at the corner of Lilloston avenueand Hanson street. The price paid"was $1 r0j. Mr. Harris, bought thepropen. as an investment.WHALUY. PROPERTY CtD TO$1,025 JAWD WITHDRAWNThe frame cottage belonging to theestate of the late ILr. Horton Whaleylocated on Higgins avenue, which wasoffered at public auction Friday, waswithdrawn, alter the propeity hadbeen bid nip to 1,025. Prank P. Kisei, Joseph Thomas and others werebidders on the property.REVENUE ASSIGNMENTSv FOR MONTH OF FEBRUARYTh following are he revenue assignments for Bourbon county for the"month of February:G. G. White Co., Paris: W. J. Kenton, day; Oscar Grigsby, bottling; V.S. Lyne, guager.Julius Ivessler & Co., Paris: J. 31.M. Russell, day and bottling; H. S.Bell, additional; W. S. Lyne, guager. JFIRE CAUSES NO INTERRUPTIONIN BUTLER DRUG BUSINESSSOCIAL AND PERSONALMrs. Carrie lialeyLexington last week.visited inDR., - ' r : 3 rz.A LECTURE AT ELKSHALLMr. Elbridge Snapp was a visitorin Mt. Sterling Sunday.Dr. Shearin,- of Hamilton College,Lexington, will give a lecture at theElks Club Room on Wednesday at2:30 o'clock to the ladies of 'the Progressive. Culture Club. A full attendance is desired. "FIRE DESTROYS RESIDENCEi. IN SUBURB OF CLAYSVILLE.,"SMALL.POX SCARE FN PARISJudge Harmon Stltt was in Win- ,:mc MBUU subsided.The small-pox scare in this city hasabout subscided and all the. casesnow existing are well on the road torecovery. The health officials havetaken every precaution and the result is the disease which menaced'this section 1b now under control andno further danger is expected.Chester yesterday on business.Mr. Chas. E. Butler, Jr., of Carlisle, was a visitor in Paris yesterday.Miss Corinne Cu'ims leaves onThursday for a visit to friends in Detroit.MANY FROM PARIS TO ATTENDFRANKFORT MEETIN?Tjae meeting of the Fish and GameCommission which will be held at theCapital Hotel in Frankfort to-morrownight and Thursday will be attendedby sportsmen from all over KentuckyI who are interested in the improvement in the protection., of game inKentucky. A number from Bourbonwill attend the meeting, among thembeing Sidney G. - Clay, Thomas H.Clay, Jr., Ben Downey, J. J. Redmon,Ed Turner, Rudolph Davis.PEOPLES LOAN ASSOCIATIONHOLDS ELECTION OF OFFICERSMiss Mildred Lisle has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. T. S. Bush, nWinchester.Miss Dorothy Talbott entertainedtwo tables of Auction Bridge yesterday afternoon.Mrs. Nannie Kenney Thomas, ofHutchison, is. the guest of Mrs.Thompson Tarr.Mrs. Frank P. Clay is ill at herhome, "Castle Comfort," on theGeorgetown pike.Mrs. Lewis Rogers entertainedyesterday with Auction Bridge at herhome on Cane Ridge.Mr. and Mrs. M. McCox, of Flem;ngsburg, were guests last week ofDr. and Mrs. Harry E. Mathers.Mrs. Bismark Frank and son,Russell have returnee from a visit toMrs. John Barnes, in Mt. Sterling.Mr. Fred Batterton is in Stanfordthis week receiving nemp for the firmf E. F. Spears & Sons, of this city.Mr. J. H. Letton, Jr., has returnedvo his home in Jackson, Ky.f after aisit to relatives in this city and county. Misses Margaret Stone and IreneCox have returned to Bourbon Col! Tt is said that upwad of $60,000 havelege after a visit to relatives in Car- een subscribed in stock to date, andlisle. Iiis amount is exDected to be creatlv;nfirp.AKfld hv the dnto cof fn-e tJin fVpxuiss J? ranees unamp returned to mal oneninir. The hromotors aroDanville Sunday afternoon to resume some of the best-known hnsino mwher studies at the Kentucky College of the city, and everything points to aLOr women. hricllf. fnt.nvp fnr the now nrfrnrnVn.t 1 . a .- W W WW W .. U1QU1UUU- T -r. TJ ,. . tlOnjure, xuury m. .tiowse, or uanisie,is visiting her daughter, Mrs. Ru'lolph Davis, in her new home on EastEighth street.Dr. L. Oberdorfer and daughter,Miss Rosa Lee Oberdorfer, have returned from an extended vi3it to' NewYork and Philadelphia.;Fire which started from a defectiveflue destroyed a cottage in Claysvillelast night about 'eight o'clock. Thehouse belonged to iames Corbin, colored. It adjoined a house occupied'by Thomas Sherley and family, whoare ill with small-pox. The fire department responded to a call from box26, but there being no hydrant in thenegro suburb.which is beyond the citylimits, the firemen cduld ndt renderany assistance. No .effort was madetosave the house which was rapidlyconsumed by the flames and every effort were centered in saving the houseoccupied by Sherley. It was onlyslightly damaged.fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.INVITATION TO FARMERSWe especially invite the farmers ofBourboni county to make our banktheir headquarters when in Paris.Make arrangements to meet yourfriends here with the assurance thatyou are, at all times, welcome to useour rooms for the transaction of yourbusiness.(23-tf) , . PEOPLES BANK.The incorporators at the PeoplesBuUdtng and Loan association held ameeting Saturday afternoon in the directors' room of the Peoples Bank,Saturday afternoon, and elected Mr.T. B. Northcott president, Mr. GeorgeW. Wilder vice-president, and Mr.William T. Bryan treasurer. Severalother offices remain to be filled and'hese wiir be named at a meeting tobe held Wednesday afternoon.Tj'iq newly-organed 'association,which will be open for business aboutMarch 1, bids fair to begin its careerunder the smost favorable auspices."A solid ivory jury," vas JusticeGavegau's comment, after they foundThomas Purcella guilty of misconduct'n his wife's $5,000 heart-balm suit inNew York. Justice Gavegan awarded Mrs. Purella $50.Miss Sarah Thompson, who spent!the week-end with ner parents, Mr. jO.UU. iuj. i. xj. iuuiiiyauii, ruimneu tof The fire at the Butier Drag Storewill not cause any interruption tobusiness The telegraph has quick-the Kentucky College for Women at!ly brought new goods to trie store nnnviiir. snnov -iand they are prepared to Sill all orders promptly. Mr. Butler desires tothank so many for kind expressions ofDanville, Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph Gutt, whohave.been the guests of the . latter'ssympathy and hopes to have a continuance of all former customers andwill gladly welcome all new ones. It ; Cincinnati" yesterday.parents, Capt. and Mrs. Jesse Napier,in this city, returned to their home inWhiie iron bed, dresser and chiffonier, heating stove, cooking stove,gas heater and instantaneous waterheater. Call E. Tenn. 885. 3-3tAUTO RUNS INTO FRAMEOF SECOND STREET BRIDGENotice!Rev. Dr. F. J. Cheek, of Danville,was a visitor in Paris Saturday. Hereports Mrs. Cheek's mother. Mrs.While Dr. W. C. Usserv was enter-iMarv D. Insrels. verv mimli imnrnvpn" ...ing the bridge on Second street in1 from a recent illness.his automobile, Sunday afternoon,, j XT ,. , , . ,. .the stearins: wheel nfrhP mpphinp rp Representative R. B. Hutchcraft. ' -Notice is hereby given thatfused to work, and the car ran into j Jr- ,and iIr- J- Quincy Ward, both ot j W. Q. Hinton, E. T. Bintoil andtne irame work on the side of the J raris' wr among uie dancers at uie i Albert Jimton have taken overbridge, breaking the springs, one- of i dance given in Frankfort Thursday as Gf .Tarmarv 1 1014 trip TTmi?Pthe lights and the step. Dr. Joseph 1 evening by the AssemblyBall Club. S OI January II J14, tne 10USea. wifson was in the machine with, . , furnishing and Undertaking bus-Dr. TJssery and Mr. D. Y. L. Farley . ,Z' "l lumau, ycuoii pa- meSS Heretofore conducted Dybut fortunately no one was hurt.nied by her little granddaughter, feCOUNTY SCHOOL PUPILSTAKE EXAMINATIONXZLjtJ Mary SwEtt SSS i " $ theto her home in Lexington, after-a vis-, saiu parues will uereaiter ce con-it to her daughter, Urs. William Fish- j ducted by the undersigned andj that the said parties will hereaf-, T" Miss Nannie Miller returned yes-' L wiiuuuaiu uyeictuj saiuuua-Friday and Saturday were examma-; terday from Ashland, where she has meSS under the name and Style ofcauxx u4m cue puyxis ui iii uuuuiy Deen ou a protracted visit. She wasschools desirmg common, school di- j accompanied to Paris by Mr. 'vBruceplomas in order to be eligible to. ad- preston, who spent the day yesterdaymission to the high school. The ex-;with relatives,animation was conducted at the officeoi iuiss itoomns, county superintend- sunaays Lexington ueraia says: ;,ir:ii rt i.ua oi.r,;...ent, by Professor E. .I. Costello. "Mrs. Jennie Kenney Lyle, who has IY1 ll' me, aioiementionett pai-Eleven white and- eighteen colored ' been traveling in the East for several ties nQ unaersignea gives noticepupils took the''The J. T. Hinton Company'In surrendering said business,including its assets and gooda . ... ..examination, the ( months, is expected here this week tliat he IS no longer an ownerJ. T. HINTON.-white pupils being Cnarles Chappel, aud will again be a member of the ! thereinMabel Gallowov. Jessie Halew Matt I household of Mrs. Fabius Harrison."Keller, Jennie Kiser, Irene Lair, Ruth JLinville, Belle Merrlmee, Dempsey I Mrs. Thomas Allen, Mrs. R. H. :Poe, Delsie Wagner and Ed. Wagner. Wills, Mrs. .J. O. Marshall and Mrs. jI Nellie Stoker Highland were guestsARE YOU PAYING RENT? Thursday at a luncheon-bridge giveni in Cynthiana by Mrs. R. V. Bishop, in j-The Peoples' Building & Loan Asso- honor of Mrs. Bailey D. Berry, of jciation begins business March 1. Sub- Lexington. jscribe for stock with W. T. Bryan atthe Peoples Bank. (27-tf) ' Mr. Charles E. Butler, who sus-'f tained very painful cuts and burns !JHlMHi .di. CM' Mf?;wTMm&s&wzmBffii&afflmmF&&$ pssw iiC KrjIIKBig ReductionsoSi.f..,iI Winter Goods!-NEW '.-.SPRING GOODSARRIVING DAILYei$fflW Ed Tucker.9Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.MBVSSmBSVsBSiBHS lsBsnaeaannBamLaauBECiBsre: sssBftsaasmsfv jii M-ugpajua5hi i iwhj mrwc.Victor- Victfolacompletes the family circleEvery one is on hand in theevening; to enjoy the music ofthe Victor-Victrola. - 'This wonderful instrumentmakes home attractive for thechildren and livens up theentire household.No home need be without aVictor-Victrola there's one at aprice to suit every purse. $15 to$209. Come in and hear theViccor-Victrola, and Kt us explainoi:r easy-payment plan,faDaughertyBros.We Keep the Quality UpWe sell what is good, and ask you tobuy our shoes because Ihey are good.It isn't price that selfs our shoes, forshoesttcan be made to sell at any price.It's Goodness, Merit, Worth andValue That Sell Them.The same applies to our Children's Shoes.Children are hard on shoes, but most ofthe trouble lies In .poor shoes and poorshoe making. Our shoes are good, andare made by the best of shoe makers.Give us a call and be convinced.Geo. Mc WilliamsPhones 301Phc.The Shoe ManHIBIrWANTED.First-class butcher cattle and hogs.P. M. HELLER,Phones 39. Sixth and Main.TO MY PATRONS."'-last Thursday duringthe firedid serious damage to his drug store,WhiCh ? AAAAA AAA-AAAAAAAAAAA A a. a Ai Z.T-ww-w-wT'WWT-rwwwww WWWWWVWIn turning over the business to-" myCtttC t1r VOTi-k T-rt t?afrr 4--l fH-lme from t.ntv to thirtv.nW war r'tHo accident that befell -their brother,1tI do-so with everv con-fldence that iur- "" ""Lti"- "llKi.UIXO XllJUAJ liOl. kJUUUlkjbeing thrown from u motorcycle thatcollided with a vehicle.'MARKET HOUSESth and MainNO CREDIT,NO DELIVERY,NO PHONES.jt i!..: ii j-i i ? t 4c ofiTl ormfinoil fn lio lintno rr Qorrkrrl !in retiniiii uoiu a.ciiv xetuii ousi- " -"""" "" . . wv. j Aness life, in uhich I have been en-'street, and in all probability will not Igaged constantly since 18G0, I desire 5 oe out for several days yet, as he con-to expess to the people of this county ' tinues to suffer great pain. , Jand to many even beyond this county, .my sincerest heartfelt gratitude for Misses Hazel and .Martha Steph--Jthe liberal patronage thev have iven J eunos entertained a few friends Sat- j Jme and through which they have . urday at their homo near Paris in jmade it possible for me to succeed be- honor of their visitors, Miss Vrginia 1yond mv early expectations. jHighfield. of Lexngton, and her jIt has always been my endeavor to ! guests, Mss Effie Mae Renfro. of Lou- jmerit this patronage by giving in re-;isville; Miss Doris Muls, of Colum-turn good values and fair treatment, bus, O.. and Miss Matie Morgan, ofand the substantial manner in which . Gorinth, Kjv , - ,Sl'SJiSir-Tlie Lancaster Record says: tfgrearpSae ruT" - "T J t Fresh Meats, Lard,. j Ui. J. it 11(3, UilU .Ut. V IlUlUU JXllLUU, Ul ,East Bernstadt, were called. he,re by T . omoked 'JYlteats,ari! jj Cheese of all Kinds, 1uat i J,res Fi$ h Oysters, " jPickled Goods of alljiInvitations as follows have been X kinds,Mr. and. Mrs. Arthur Boyd Hancock J Cheaper thai! ElsewhereMr. Charlton Claythey will maintain, tne high principlesof business integrity and honest .dealags which it has been my endeavorto follow at all times, and that theywjll so serve the public as to deservethe same senerous share of businessthat has been given to mc and I ask !for them a continuance of the confi- Wednesday Evening, February thejTHE J. T. HINTON CO.Composed of.W. O. Hinton, E. T. Hinton, Albert Hinton.SucceedsJ. T. HINTONDealer inFurniture,ACarpets, WallUndertakings ,Paper,V"---tj(.'dence and patronage that has beenshown me all through the past fiftyfour years.Though retiring from active retaillife, other affairs and the many associations of the past and present aresufficient for me always to have thekeenest interest in the welfare of thiscommunity and to do all within mypower for its successWith deepest appreciation for themany pleasant relations brought withtBV 'Imlo- )iHciltat! . avnoT'icnin3&. y"'"-? -v..v.uvx.., --Jtespectfully,' J.-T. HINTON.m. JS-&Zeleventhat eight o'clockMiss MarshallDancingMarchmont.We don't deliver, but 'weflive you more for your!money.Mr. George Gregory, of this city, jIn Lexington, Sunday night suffering j$ lwith a nervous breaknown. MrJ IY1Gregory, who Jias been employed mLexington, lias, been nere Tor severaldays visiting relatives, andduring hisstay , here vas taken ill. His condition yestefday .was somewhat improved.4. .VI., Heller!The retiring proprietor makes grateful acknowledgement of the liberal patronage accorded him: during the past fifty-four years of his business experienceand he asks a continuance of the same for the new management.The new management shall use their long experience under the time-trid .retiring proprietor to the advantage of the buying public and assure them thatthe goods offered in every line shall be the best values obtainable in any market -and that the services rendered shall constantly be so improved by evefy means xavailable as the merit the confidence and patronage of all.Vyatch T.his Space' Fots Notice erf ay..'i 3 , "."JJ . .i-e-if4Reorganization Sale 7There Will Be w Surprising Bargains x in Every Lineaf5 "" m "" " mir . - Houef urnishingsDon t Miss 1 hemTHE J. T. HINTON COMPANYf -jl Paris, Kentucky .J 'iMXD.,- rkJt i-1Qm .- . ,. - t .u, .',finc u' it , - :; J: - ' '- " .. , " , . ' '. .. . .... f,32"'- i j . " .." .',, J IVibirvERiTTTTTnnnTTTTnnTssSXiON NEWS !At K , FEBRUARY,?, t41JMJM"WMWMWMIWPWn9TJob PrintingWORK DONE ;;;WHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!awVxTRE d9B.R0QfflSQFTHE. . l" V- AByRBNNews:Are prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short "notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS;". CATALOG. POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.. " ' -Let us figure .with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved 4Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themyork,Our type is new and modernfaces vv .-'&m Bourbon newv" 1 4 Issues a Year for.1 $2.00-5TP Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.wuwuuuml7rC'rilLD n- ,v' "' TONGUE IS COATEDf ROBBERS LOOT POST-1 - OFFICE .AT GRAttJf Cross, Feverish, Constipated Give"California Syrup of Figs'."A laxative today saves a sick child'tomorrow,. Children simply will notake the time from play to emptyheir Dowels, which become cloggedup with waste,-iifer ges sluggish;stomach sour.Look at the tongue, mother! Ifcoated, or if your child is listless,cross, feverish, breath bad, restless,doesn't eat heartily, full of cold orhas sore throat or any other children's ailment, give a teaspoonful of"California Syrup of. Pigs," then don'tworry, because it is perfectly Harmless', and in a few hours all this constipated poison, sour bile and ferment:ng waste will gently mbve out of thebowels, and you have a well, plavfulchild again. A thorough "insidecleansing" is oftentimes all that isnecessary. It should be the firsttreatment given in any sickness.Beware of counterfeit fig syrups.Ask your druggist for a 5tt-cent bottle of "California Syrup of Figs,"-which lias full directions for babies,children of all ages and for grownups ylainly printed on the bottle.Look carefully and see that it ismade by the "California Pig SyrupCompany." Don't be fooled.(Feb) (adv)ORCHARD."V 'The post office at' Crab. Orchard, inLincoln .county, was robbed Thursdaynight of about ?.i,zue m-. money,, andstamps, there being ?200 to $300 inmoney and the remainder in stamps.The safe -was blown open, beingpractically wrecked, and its entirecontents taken.Nitroglycerine was used on the safebut no one in town heard the report,as twelve or fifteen mail sacks hadheen wrapped around the safe todeaden the sound. These were scattered about the room by the force ofthe explosion.Entrance to the postoffice4 buildingwas secured by means of tools whichthe robbers had secured by breakingopen the Louisville & Nashville toolhouse nearby. The tools were foundon the floor of the qostoffice in themorning when the robbery was discovered. A train goes through Crab Orchardearly in the morning, and it is pre-,sumed that the robbers escaped bythat means. .i Nervous? $TOP Mrs.A big cop saved Stephen Scannellin NeyYork after he had been beaten and chased by Miss ChristineSteinweiss, of Ridgewood, California."In my country we string your kindup," she said.RAILROAD UPHELD BY jTHE APPELLATE COURTA rule of a railroad prohibiting ' apassenger turning seats backward isa reasonable one, the Court of Appeals said Friday morning, reversinga $3,000 verdict awarded in the Franklin Circuit Court in favor of F. M.Spiller, who was ejecied from a C. &O. train running out of Louisville,for refusal to take his feet off a seatand let the conductor turn it over.Ice King Morse, whom Taft let outbecause he was dying, now threatensto sue everybody connected with hisbeing sent to the penitentiary. Andnobodyvcan sue Taft forletting the"ice king" out!Ballet girls of the National Theatre,Mannheim, Germany, have submittedto dismissal rather than dance barelegged. Some ballet girls have a lotmore sense of decency than' theirmanagers.CARLISLE NEGRO, FINED FOR HAVING BEERWalter Vincentof Pleasant Hill, N. C.,. writes: ' For three summers I suffered fromnervousness, dreadfulpains in my back andsides, and weak sinkingspells. Three bottles ofCardui, the womantonic, relieved me entirely. I feel like anotherperson, now."TAKECarduiThe Woman's TonicFor over 50 years,Cardui has been helpingto relieve women's unnecessary pains andbuilding weak women upto health and strength.It will do the same foryou, if given a fair trial.So, don't wait, but begintaking Cardui today, forits use cannot harm you,and should surely do yougood. E-72" m-r?i& -Mr nlfeTM HhMiriwii Som Mii cms. xwamgm- jKcjte, xuauaiBu aaaall yaiM. Your money bttkif it fllWIters ut acbe ia any part oT tka Mr Mauen amiH urn.fwTli aai atfMkr Mat oa wyw.- BOUftBON BEHEDY COMPANY,342EaMata.. L , K.dlewBiirliwSlttWindsor Motel. 1Charles Washington was arrestedI hi Carlisle a few days ago, chargedwith bringing 200 pints of beer intoj Carlisle. He was fined $50 and sentenced to 10 days in jail.mvz(m2K(m:ww,w-Modern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty. -..'CARL CRAWFOrffrI INSURANCE IAGAINSTFIRE, W5ND( and tLIGHTNING " XIMINISTER ENDORSES CHAW-BERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDYRev. James A. Lewis, Milaca, Minn,writes: "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has been a welcome and neededguest in our home for a number ofyears. I highly reccommend it to myfellows as being a medicine worthyof trial in cases of colds, coughs, andRemedy a trial and we are confidentcroup." Giv e Chamberlain's Coughyou will find it very effectual and continue to use it as occasion requiresfor years to come, as many othershave done. For sale by all dealers.(Feb.) (adv)COLD WAVE SAVES FRUIT fCROPS OF THIS SECTIONA cold wave has saved the fruitaf this, section from imminent peril.Fruit growers were fearful of thewarm weather, believing that a fewmore days of the summery weatherwould bring the buds to a point wherethey would be killed by the laterfreezes. It has been the most remarkable weather ever known here.$100$100.REWARDsThe readers of his paper will bej pleased to leam that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages,and that is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrhcure is the only positive cure nowknown to the medical fraterinity.Catarrh being a constitutional disease, requires a constitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Cure is takeninternally, acting directly upon theblood and mucous surfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation xf the disease, and giving the patient strength by building up the constitution and assisting nature in doing her wark. The proprietors haveso much faith in its curative powersthat they offer One Hundred Dollarsfor any case that it. fails to cure.I Send for list of testimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY, Toledo, O.j Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.(Feb.)(adv)MORROW OUT FOR CONGRESSEdward P. Morrow, of Covington.United States District Attorney forthe Eastern District of Kentucky, willenter the race for the Republicannomination for Congress in the Eleventh District, now represented byCaleb Powers, who has announced hewill not stand for re-election.Formal announcement of the candidacy is expected soon. Morrow is anephew of United States Senator W.O. Bradley and resides at Somerset.Scratch, a" man who is known as a"sport" and you will find .some fellowlooking for easy money.THROW OUT, THE LINEGive the Kidneys Help and ManyPeople Will Be Happier."i "Throw put the Life Line"Weak kidneys need help.They're often overworked-r-don'tget the poison filtered out of theblood.Will you help them?Doan Kidney Pills have broughtbenefit to thousands of kidney suffer,ers.- Ty:Read this Lexington case:D. M. Farley, merchant, 474 ChairAve., Lexington, Ky., says: "I haddull, dragging pains in my back.' Theaction of my kidneys was irregular,especially at-night. Finally, I usedDoan's Kidney Pills and before longthey put a stop to all these troubles.My kidneys became normal and thepains and aches left. The endorsement I gave Doan's Kidney Pills inJanuary, 1912, still holds good. I canonly repeat that they are a fine kid-iney medicine."For sale by all dealers. Price socents. Foster-Mlburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates. . .Remember. the name Doan's andtake nov other, ,. 'f , (adv).N.JrJri Jl LflhlJLI.UI bJlII I "1 ft JAW " "1 KW J- - w m -1- JOne application soothes and heals a roughAimTIrh-l.trt -tw! tudanninaot! nnirlfMfffTAtLa cure. Eczema. Erysipelas. Tetter. Ulcers andall skin diseases yield to its curative properties.Sue a box. At all Draszlsls.Soad for f res oamiila and loofc. "Health and Boaaty."JOHNSTON. HOLLOVAY& CO..1730 Spring Garden St., Pltila., Pa.Cleveland undertakers complainthat the doors of apartments are sosmall that they have to raise coffinson end to get them out. It's prettytough when a person can't even beburied comfortably.W. 0. HLNTON,AGENT.-For Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Paying! Companies, seeme.vPBLACKBURN URGED ASCULLOM'S SUCCESSORcaJ. C. S. Blackburn, former Senatorfrom Kentucky, will, in all probability, be appointed resident commissioner of cne Ldncoin Memorial Commision to succeed the late Shelby M.Cullom.ISEBBESHI FUN FSOEIC FESHTITIINEW ORLEANS and MOBILEFebmagy 19-24, 1914LOW ROUND TRIP FARESTickets on Sale February 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22 and 23;Return Limit to reach original starting point not later than March 61with extension of limit to March 23, 1914, on payment of $1.00.ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.For details call on any Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent R6otc, oc apply toH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent. .101 E. Main Street, Leitagton, Ky.ISpecial Rates & Excursions; '--Round trip Winter Tourists to all: -'principal winter resorts in Alabama. ,sElorida, Georgia, Louisiana, Missis- ' .sippi, South Carolina andj Havana;- -Cuba,on sale daily Oct 1, 1913, until 'April 30, 1914, with final limit May 31,.1914; also to principal winter resorts,'- jirin Texas and New Mexico, on saledaily Nov. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914;with final limit May 31, 1914. Iibenii'"stopovers allowed on ali winter tour-rist tickets. Also low round trip -a...Homeseelters' tickets to points in Aliabma, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi,-on'K.sale first and third Tuesdavs ineach month, final limit 25 days fromrdate of sale. Stop-overs allowed in.! Homeseekers' territory. For furthorinformation call on or address - v;W. H.' HARRIS, Agent. . ;T. K. SMITH, T. A. . Vj When Your Blood is RiI Your Whole System is Right.-.'''- . jghtlIf You Haveany Blood or Skin Diseases DO 1VOJ DELAYSUntil it is too late, but order -TO-DAY!The lot Spring:v A Complete and JPositive Remedy ForSYPHILIS, ECZEMA, ERYSIPELAS,4 ACNE, MALARIA, RHEUMATISMarid all other forms of Blood and Skin Diseases.Remedy!.ft-as.and Skin Remedy' ever placed- $rHoji Springs Physicians pronounce this the Greatest Blood-' ,,. . l :-; , on the Market. --:.rru course lireacmenc-sjix Bottles, J1 s.ooSingle Bottle, $5.6o.e-i?,S:i.--v W PrAnaiTA a RAmArlv Fni Kvaiu rWciaoti ,'Qiir Treatment of . Female Ills is the "Greatest ot its itKind Ever Offered to Suffering Women.Write us your troubles. All correspondence strictly confidential.- ' , V - 4- : : si:,.!;Springs Medical.8031-2 Central Avwu6, Hotnompanyi6?1H!f,9;1?fif,-ff4Whv; s -ifi."e . tG'.i ' '-Cvr-:v-j :. -fpt&.r ".-.'c. ,Vmi.j.-N JE." -. & r-r--:---- - -, : ' ' . ' '9flB&wS -''4&J . VVH BOURBON NfcWS, PAWS, K.k.ri (Xy. FEIUttMRY 9, tH4?II II !M:VtrJ-IRushed the OrderA TRAVELING Salesman, while inNashville, Term., took a large order,j promising delivery in ten days. Itwould take two days for the order to reachthe Home Office by mail. It took himonly a few minutes to telephone the ordert from a pay station of the Bell Telephonesystem.Time saved, by telephoning ordersoften means fulfillment of contract.When you telephonesmile ,Cumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyINCORPORATED.122 SOUTH PRYOR STREET, ATLANTA, GEORGIA.Professional CardsDr. Wrn. Kenraey,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.-Office Phones S' 1-l o-uixie iou.E. T. 334.Residence) Home 334.kB.A. KELIiEK,Practicing PhysicianOffices, Rooms 4 and 5, EUVs EW gParisKentucksJ. WTLLilAMS,!9 ATTUKNttY-AT-LiAWRoom 1 ElkB Buildine.-BUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop.- Three Expert Artists: Not tfot and CoTdBaths.-4 Main -t. . Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.:vmul HSN.oirt tw"r . il i ?. -frbrr' ' : 1u 'the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more importfc ki thenomotuan clear, steady light. Insurethis by crettinsr the oil that burnsclear and clean without s flicterdorm to the last drop. PennsylT&niacrude oil refined to perfection.a cots no moro than the Interior5 tankwason oils saves MO NKY saves9 WORK saves eves.I Your dealer has SOLITS OIL in5 barrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Gi.Lexington, Ky.Eefinerv at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "IToCarb"Auto OILPILES! PILES! P1LESL"WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMETiH euro Blind, Bleeding and Itcuinjr Pncta as, a- poultice, jives instant relief.r ealo by all druggists, mail GOc and $1WUMM6 MFG. CO., Props, CSevetead, 01Ofcerdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,m (Next to Sourhon Bank) .3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert Barbers .Polite AttentionHot and Coid Baths at A(HoursNo Long Waits.A Share oF thel'PoMc Palronage Solicited,Is BEL s1&4B& J J0-SHH5I$CANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky. v.When you feeltZvous. tired, worried or despondent it issure s'Sa ya need MOTTS NERVERIKrlLLo. laey renew me normal vigor aimake life worth living. Be sure and ask tMotfs Nerverine Pills g&tWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhiaL. Oberdorfer, Druggist. Parii, Hf...c8LflT OllfllTflQKJ rill 1 I llllll1lII I yf USofojr(r.tyChocolate,Maraschino,VantftaCaramel.O !Cfu?ofr(ioftoo.r .Saturday.BaldwinBros.,,Paris KentuckyIt XGSISFittirit Plumbing and -Elecyi- Jv i r i Allcai worK m auTheir BranchesStoves, Rangesand Appliances.Spicer &Gilchrist,Bks' Building.. Phone, 103 -HomePhone, 101!ii ---a------aaaaaaaaa-a.Cakesa!BURLESON FAVORS -'"GOVERNMENT OWNERSHIP,WASHINGTON, D. Q., Jan. 31.Government monopolization of "telegraph telephone and wireless communication "and such other means forthe transmission of intelligence asmay hereafter develop," is recommended in a report submitted to theSenate by Postmaster General Burleson. Immediate Government ownershipof telephone lines is recommededwith a system of license for the otheragencies of communication, establishing a Government monopoly evenwhere there is no actual ownership.The report is that made to thePostmaster General by a special com-nAitteo cijjyumieu Dy mm ana wastransmitted to' the Senate in responseto a resolution asking that he makean investigation of che subject as an ,extension or the postal service.The report points out that thefounders of the nation were alive tothe importance of keeping under theGovernment control all means of communication and provided in the constitution that Congress shall havepower to establish postoffices andpost roads.It was clearly the intention, the report adds, that the Governmentshoud control every means of transmitting intelligence. The postal service has already adopted practicallyevery means of transmission exceptelectricity and yet the United Statesalone, of all nations, the committeepoins out, has left to private enterpoints out, has left to private entertelephone and telegraph facilities."These facilities are now for theclasses," the report comments, "under Government ownership they willbe for the masses."Government ownership of the telephone , rather than the telegraphlines, is recommended for the reasonthat telegraph service can be morereadily superimposed on telefchonplines- than telephone service on telepraph lines. It is pointed out alsoI that because of the great cost in-voivea, it would be unwise from acommercial point of view for theGovernment to acquire by purchasethe telegraph lines.The telegraph business is on thewane as compared to the telephonebusiness, the report says, and in thedecade of 1900 to 1910, while thepopulation of the country increasedabout 18 per cent, the average dailytelephone connections increased 287per cent, and the number of telegraphmessages only about 18 per cent.The telegraph companies, the committee says, have already lost mostof their short distance business owingto the development of the toll telephone service and will probably losemuch of the long distance businesswhen the toll rates become adjustedon "a cost basis.Another objection to acquiring thetelegraph lines is that even the duplicate plans of rival companieswould be inadequate because the lineshave been extended only to profitableterritory.The cost of acquiring the telegranh'facilities is estimate at $225,000,000i -as' against $200,000,000 for the long! distance and telephone lines. As thereo are some 3,000 proprietors of teleC phone lines, payments would extend( over a period that would allow ample3 time to market bonds, the reportadds.THE BEST COUGH MEDICINE"I've used Chamberlain's CoughTlemedy ever since I have been keep-ing house," says L. C. Hames, of Mar-')ury, Ala. 'T consider it one of theJest remedies I have ever used. My'Mldren have all taken it and it. orks like a charm. For colds andwhooping cough it is excellent." Forsale by all dealers.(Feb) adv)The cattle of Brazil, according toDr. A. D. Mehrin, are not of such good-uality as those of Argentina andIJruguay, and the stock is largelymixed with the zebu, or East Indian-attle. This strain of blood is veryreadily seen in most of the Braziliancattle.ROTABLEDECREASEIN RAILACCIDENTSRailroad accidents in Kentuckyluring the year 1913, matters of railway legislation and other facts of interest are set forth in the annual report of the Kentucky Railroad Comt mission. Distribution of this volumewas begun Thursday.The book details present activitiesto increase the powers of the commission, reproduces in full the UnitedStates Supreme Court's ruling sus-Gaining the rate making power of theKentucky commission for cause ' andalso the address of Laurence B. Finn,chairman of the commission, before' Hie National Association of RailwayCommissioners on the subject of"Shall Congress Extend the Powerand Authority of the Federal Govern-, ment Relative to the Regulation of lull astate Rates?"One hundred and ninetv-seven perrons were killed and 1,173 employeswere injured in railroad accidents inKentucky from January 1 to December 1, 1913, the report states. Of thisnumber 125 persons classed as tresspassers were killed by steam roadsand three by interurban lines; fourpassengers on steam roads met deathalthough none were killed on the interurbans; eight persons were killedat railroad crossings and one metdeath at highway crossings. In addition to the 1,173 employes of ,theroads injured flfty-six were -killed during the eleven months. Details of allfatal accidents contained in the reports of superintendents are given.These figures by comparison withthose of 1912 show decrease in number of accidents and fatalities duringthe last year. The figures for 1912were as follows: Employes killed, 66;employes injured, 1,362; passengerskilled, 6; persons killed at crossings,22; trespassers kilhsd, 135. This indicates a total of 229 fatalities.Taxable tangible property of rail-roads, operating over 3,973 -miles inthe State, lis listen at $70,241,609.This amount, it is stated, is an increase of $2,100jl2G over the assessment of 1912.INDIGESTION, GAS OR -, SICK, SOim.-STOMACHTime "Pape's Diappsin!" In FiveMinutes ail Stomach Misery 'isGone."Really does" put bad stomachs inorder "really does ' overcome 'indigestion, dyspepsia, gas, heartburn andsourness in five minutes that justthat makes Pape's Diapepsin thelargest selling stomach regulator inthe world. If what you eat fermentsinto stubborn lumps, you belch gasandeructate sour, undigested food andacid; head is dizzy and aches; breathfoul; tongue coated; your insidesfilled with bile and indigestiblewaste, remember the moment Pape'sDiapepsin comes in contact with thestomach all such distress vanishes.It's truly astonishing almost mar-velous, and the joy is its harmless-ness.A large fifty-cent case of Pape's Diapepsin will give you a hundred dollars' worth of satisfaction or yourdruggist .hands you your money back.'( It's worth its weight in gold to themen and women who can't get theirstomachs regulated. It belongs inyour home should always be kepthandy in case of a sour, sick, upsetstomach during the day or at night.It's the quickest, surest and mostharmless stomach doctor in theworld. (adv)There's only one question we wouldlike to have answered regarding theunknown philanthropist's offer tospend $15,000,000 for radium hospitals: "What's the catch?"DON'T YOU BELIEVE ITSome say that chronic constipationcannot be cured. Don't you believe itDhamberlain's Tablets have cured-thers why not you? Give them arial. They cost only a quarter. Forsale by all dealers.(Feb) (adv)OUR WEEKLY NOVELETTE.The Cause.She loved him dearlyBrought him allThe pillows that she had;Yet he could notRest easily,Because he felt so bad."Dear," "she said, after she had'ooked at him in silence for a while."You don't look comfortable.""I'm not" he admitted wriggling uneasily in the Morris chair. "I don'tknow why exactly, but I'm not comfortable. You know how you feellometimes without -oeing able to explain why exactly.""I'll bring you a pillow," she criedAnd she brought him a pink andgreen one and adjusted it for him.' "Now are you" comfortable?" sheasked him. She looked charming ina yellow ochre house gown trimmedwith seltzer sprays."No, I am not!" he said apologetically. "I don't know why, but I amnot.""I'll bring you another pillow," she-aid. And she did, bringing him abig one covered with those Ittle rugslhat c0me in cigarette boxes."No," he said musingly, worried."I'm not comfortable yet."She brought Ivm three more pillows without helping matters much,ind then with a sudden lighting up ofMs dark features he reached beneathhim on the chair and held up a brightshining pointed objpet."What's this needle doing in theseat of mv chair?" lie cried."Oh," she cried, ''perhaps that' waswhat was troubling you."And she didn't bring him any morecushions.THE END.The skeleton of a monstrous anteeluvian fish is reported to have beendiscovered on the beach near SanDiego, Cali. Those old Coney Islandsea serpent yarns may reach the sunny Southland soon.DEMAND JAIL AS PENALTYIN NEW TRUSTLAWJail cells for "malefactors of greatwealth," and disintegration of mammoth monopolies by defining exactlywhat big business may and may notdo, were amendments urged to theanti-trust law before the NationalHouse Judiciary Committee by members of the House.Representative Henry, of Texas,Chairman of the powerful rates committee, instigator of the "moneyrust" investigation; ReDresentativeStanley, of Kentucky, Chairman ofthe Stanlev steel investigating committee, and Representative Lenroot,of Wisconsin, author of anti-trustmeasures, were called before the committee when hearings were rescumedon the Administration bill.Henry asked that labor and farmers' organizations be exempted fromthe Sherman law.The House interstate commercecommittee heard Corporation Commissioner Davis on the bill to estrvlish an interstate trade commission.m. fAUTt ar.X? 7- arauN&Y w&w-KflWefellyoabow: andtiaybestmarketpnees. We are dealers: establishedin 1856: andean do BETTER for vonthan, agents or commission merchants. References any bank in I,onisviUe. Write for weekly price list.M. SABEL & SONS227-23-31 & 33 E. Nartel St. LWISVlUE, KY.Oealers In FURS, HIDES, WOOL.FOR SALE.Three registered Percheron .stallions; also twenty head of youngjnares and geldings.STIRLING P. HINKSON,(27-6t)X.air, Ky.i?Rheumatism, SprainsBackache,mv back isas auicklv astheMhjtfJBSpraiaed Aside ReUevecLI -was ill for a long time "with a severelyr ?ntTrunt onrl Tinw 1 am ahlc to be aboutcause I think you deserve a lot of credit for putting such a fee- Limaanfr aJfcfmarket and I shall always take time to recommend Dr. SfetaYTiwMr"Ctos. Rouse, Baltimore, Md.SLOANSLINIMENTAt aQ Dealers 2Sc 50c aad $1.00. Sloaa'a inrtractrra (aok aa baiciHh. lmaad ywitry aca fe,Addreaa Dr. EarlS. Sloan, Inc. BatUw, Hmmm.C""He backed his auto through myrlap-glas -"indow and soaked me because I -wouldn't pay for "the ' cutares, ' contained igaatz Morowilksiko the pol ce at Los Angeles, Cal.ihe offender got away unidentified.West "Wood found that he had lostlis fare on a trolley car at Tarrytown,Jew Yor'' A hen he carried in hisbasket laid an egg, and the conductor accepted it for the nickel fare.WINTER nIf you are looking for a goodSuit or Overcoatat reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, here is the placeto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Over-1coats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we are "offering them as a special inducement for122fPWe also have a full line of Schloss Bros.' guaranteea'1 1 lcic Suits for $15 to $25. Emerson Shoes at $4- f4nd $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von Gal Hats. 'Other lines of merchandise can be had at a price thatfwill please your pocket-book. 'TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEPT;L. Wollstcin, Proprietor.mmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmmmmmmmt Pans OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like NewYou will-be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us.before.At! Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's anjd Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andV Reblocked to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up El T. Phone 40.Park Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam LevyProprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, lOe; kn& 25c? 'xv '-Neuralgia"Yes, cUtxu&ter, tkst'a rood stuff. Tike THua Itall eone I never saw axvthiac worfcSloan's Liniment ? TkooMukb oerrateful people voice the same eninien HcfcaVproof.Kekered Paiaia Back."I "was trooHed -with a Tcry ad Iback for some ferae. I -went to a dad boc do ne anyjnsrefeased a battle fliniment, aa4 Bew I an a Ntvrnnaan rWavfl -- kaatie Of SJWWl'ftiJWSHMlt in th361 3frrtfa,4fcJwBitfrr. Jf. ?&.Sdatac!"We hHf wed SJnfe lirf-tnent for wter six yewtaanH fttb& best we mvi"Whca sar-mfe kanaaiferlTbeaiiiiiTTiutT mmmitfAtiStTlieraBsrne imuJfcwi ILimBeac.iWXtes:sprained snide.1 f?ota battle oSfeaVfand can walk a ereat deaH L"wrftetiatJohn Burroughs writes that tkttonly real calamity the earth ever ldured was the ice-gorge of 20tfeyears ago, and that life seems t fc&only an incident in the universe, :at.an end.Throughout the world one-fourth oC"all children die before six yearsage,, one-half before they are sixtaeaand only one person in each one hundred liyes to the age of sixty-five.Eg3tfCleaning Co.MMtlilAVmrnm98Vv- t-;V, ," :?, r - - -r.4 SJV&, A3 rllr Ma- 't - V ak u W jf ','&-' ' k rfc?- -.,- j. jtj, TR p X-KjH"?vVNJ" K K"iT-y fr. . -A " ( -t i& '-"C t s' v.r-y ."aJ'-t ?-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. FEBRUARY 3, 19! 4.z- -- " '--HE) rMM1 s Columbia Theatre To-Day."S -c- 2. "i f j jv, n, ' """ .w' 'fiITiSSs'ffl TV e Vl a rmusf sa; Miss Emilee S. Harbett, both of NichIf'jKS "PPedln.a Forest Fire" 0las county, were married' SaturdayT25& ' f - T f SrbS the afternoon in the court house by JudgefaSS?m StaXt t0,?ni?h' C A. McMillan, it being the first mar-jWberf Newman and his -mother riage ceremony performed by him.ive a bouse party at his shotting V JjpogeanrtaeAaironaacKS. Among theusts are Vera Redmond, a romantic.JZ ... . . ... I . .imaginative gin witn wnom Robert isJove and Inez Tremain wbo lovesSobeit- Inez overhears Vera rerus-1 Hpbert's proposal of njarrlage.be-aug3 he -is "too practical-and be-4ng zihs&le to attract iHhvherself; ascan jnmiv or no one except Vera,sc uuw a iiau-.iui. .-yuumg' uer n-u yal out of his thoughts and hopes for-ever. Tiie schemer Invites an adven-iwofcs youngman of her-apquaintancexo conieana-cpLiiip -near jne-BUootingf&USSSSTAir1?81f.tS S fnW111?' d0-5g,his old friend,-Ineza- great ser-F hriA a '2SLS5S? ting and pictur-6qt?Md things go pretty much as-j st- a.t. . ; - ..&. j?iti.. -. .-3.',?.:?F?LVu. y-eais auracteuIt . SSSSBi ? X mre f.v. -!it a nA -- -..'Auh uvuiw uuui uii uiui i tiiiicLiiifci. isvm tixii nxn iJitto iui uisn. iulropoe Then the entire action is' 1!B by tIie serious business of-jsavHigjlLhe little community from af&reet re. VerA, on her way to meetGraliamat his caJnp is trapped intjw Saaes nd her thrilling rescuexeveai&io ner tne devotion and hero- j; ism' latent m ber "too practical's:TT uirrmr in nn.f "t-rtx nynHnnT',"Tonys Sacrifice" A new idea;fteaxt arama in-whicb-a lowly Italianpsetsa rare example of -self, sacrificein the face 'Ot danger. '"TheWoman Hater,v a comedy reel'ill also be sbown.I -Alamo Theatre Today.So laany motion picture productions are predicted to "live forever,"It seems trite to prppbesy that "The"Portof Doom," the latestFamousiayeri!r release, is .destined to ac-uvirupusu tuns xesuiu out verity ne-;esjtates the recording of this opinion. It is. as imiisual a production asTtfce previous Famous Players'' subjects, osly mpre so. It established anew epoch in realism on the screen,ab1 ads -a new 'chapter to thatIwsiicla- of motion picture history devofed to the camera and mechanicaleffects oCthe art. The scenes of thesraking ship, with the decks submerged, binder water and the passengers ax jbrew battling for' their lives,S-o teaMstic tbat'it terrifies, ratherhan thriii; It "is a snectacle wonder-Ttml to;;beiold, -and astounding to con-eelve.EverJ great sea disaster mystifiesnd 'imi-esses humanity, with an"verperW6ring awe. No tragedy thatoccurs on land so fascinates an oceanic totality. Addec to this impressive note-dfe, interwoven an astounding-plot,ot 'jiifring, malace, crimilality,lore,. vdefot5on and danger. Audiences. wiJ feit through this production-athraJled 'by dangers, a strilSng picture eSLhiufcan strengtb. of heroism inthe face of the most fearful deathpossible to conceive, on the merciless.-waters these elements will transportike audience to world of thrilling im-I Great Factory Clearance SaleThe Grr eat. ' r The extreme mild wearier, causing many cancellations,Aforce the factory tosell out the best Shoes.made at prices less than cost of material.T' NOW IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY vT"" fp ji f! Jj htm II t& Il iifootwear atA?. . ."'-,. rf-v-F t?or tlari f-z4'4jrr "-r" m.- - v MurS.-fJ- .fiia.;- - v . . iifcruoii DMniv urfi :JLJ.JLJi KJKJ Jt Ml jJSl 2!: x- ' ' r- r- . . . r ';.' . - - . . - - . . . . r --. -.. - i t- r-.x ,-"? a5r c i ' - ?. r. -xj v. : - ,I I I U I Hi 1 I M ' I -"liiiii iiiniuiiriiLfV $THOMPSON-HARBETT.'Mr. Robert A. Thompson .andHELD. TO AWAIT ACTION' .OF BOURSON GRAND JURY-. .Solicitors for magazines and peri-odieals operating in this city, had besthave their credentials-or give Paris awide berth in the future, because theyare very apt to land behind prisonuam uuui uieir raenuty is imiy es-tablished.Yesterday. Chief of Police Fred Linktook E. J. Beagle, a white man, giv-mg cynthiana as hjs borne, into, cus. , . - . 't0a7 0n, ? cnarge f obtaIninS neyndxr iS868 and Judge E'B. JanuaryMield him to await the ac-IS 0f, jury' in, the sum ot!J200 bail. Beagle could not givfrbond and was committed to jail.uor tne past two.oj- three, months.Beagl.e, -h J?? ocite bas beenuuerar.iTi in thir p.iTV.-'-nn'rrioiiiarixr rm .zzrir: : :. ?J r . : ',rcourt aay ana aaiuraay ot eacn wee.K,soliciting subscriptions 'for, the. Farmand Fireside, a periodical published inSpringfield, O., giving as inducementsto prospective subscribers variouspremiums of little- value receivingcash for the subscriptions,, but thepapers were never suppliedChief Lmk has had a close watch-kept on the two men for severalweeks, and on January 8 securedfrom George Waggoner a subscriptionreceipt. He communicated with theCrdwell Publishing Company ofSpringfield and received a reply tom theeffect .that they had no authorized j-seu! uyeiaiiiHMa "" section, anarequestea tne -portpe to arrest anyperson who claiaaed to be representing them. ?3F -Yesterday Beagle made his appear-lance in Paris and began' his opera-ll.OUb aiong tue same lines as on pre-'"' .vuuo, uu, jaC uo-u uui, iu-j.ceeded far before he was placed under arrest. His companion eluded theofficers and has not been apprehended jbut it is believed he can be locatedActing upon-the instruction of theCrowell Publishing Co., Chief Linkissues a request to all persons who"fell" for the game to communicatewith him or sunply him with the receipt they received."LITTLE GIRL SUES U.S. FOR $100,000A St. Louis- gir 1 of' 8 has sued!Uncle Sam in three courts for $100,000 as recompense for the act of hergrandfather, Capt. Samuel Houston,in sinking his boat during the CivilWar in order to save a cargo of armsfrom the Confederate army..He little girl is Houston's onlysurviving relative. .. .agination and faithful realism.So realstic, indeed, in every factor;of the story made, that the productions can be symbolized as the tideof life surging through the waters ofdestiny.Combined With Our StmUJiimualest FpotweaIn thisThe best Custom -Made Shoes of this factory,; togetherwith our own over-stocked footwear, aVe.at youV disposal atbut a fraction of their real worth.$4.00 Ladies' English Toe, Sale Price $2.99 4.50 Men's Gun Metal, Sale Price.. $3.404.00 Ladies' Patent and Gun 4.00 Men's Tan button, SalePrice.'. 2.99Metal, SalePrice. . . - 2.9.9 4. 00 Men's English Toe, Sale4.00 Ladies' Tan and" Black Suede Price ' 2.4-93.00LSSnpIteniand-GunMetai J5J "? G f,Sf Jr 1 "Sale Price 1.99 2.o0 Men s -Gun Metal, lace;,. Sale3.00 Ladies' Velvet but! Sale Price 1 49 . Price : --.. 1 -492.50 Ladies' Gun Metal but. and ' 2.50 Boys' Patents, lace, Salelaee,-Sale Price 1 .49 Price,. -v ...... 1 .492.00 Ladies' Gun Metal. Sale Price .99 1.50 Little Gents, lace..".'......".. .99t ' .Children's Shoes at 'Half -Price -AH Kinds of Rubbers "atgreatly Reduced Prices 25c value of Baby Soft SoleShoes;, 2QO pairs, at.6c each. 'A Big Selection of Vernon ShogCo., Bankrupt Sdlc, Soldi)' TJ. S. CourtBme Began Saturday, Jantia 17thlllil AlflUEil Shoe Store;- V WWMHiMHV -v -BY THE CLD RELIABLE HOUSE !'':"Vi' . . - . --" ' " '.' Mjjj" -'" ";i i -. , . i4 ', -,-.t .- - -- . ' i . r,. . .t . -. i'.-.. u .!.... s ' .,?. :,'."..T At" . . . " . .. '- v f, "DEATHSKBOWLING.Mrs. Alabama fowling, 76, diedat her home near .Lexington, Friday tmorning, ioiiowmg a oner illness.Besides Jier husband, J. C. Bowling, isue is survived oy tnree sons ana iourdaughters. They are J. C. Bowling,Millersburg; I. N. Bowling Louisville;r "i,f "TJi-nHrior flotr fifv "iVlra Tnl-inaoo tyy t?" tvt rtaaA "mvo Ttnut.Reed, and Mrs. Geo. Reed, all of Lex-'jington and Fayette county. She isalso survived by one sister, Mrs. Al-len Eritton, of Lexington. For some'time Mrs. Bowling has been makingher home with her daughter, Mrs.I XlUUUi iUld. JU . O.U. J.n-U, J.WW&X I.John Adams, and it vas ther that herdeath occurred.POTTS.Mr. Walter Potts, one of the best-b-n-n.w siifitrvtc? r nn;jn AiA - -i,j.ixvii biucuo ui iiuuoio. uicu u.l lLiahom(y in tnat city my evening. Hehad been in poor health for severalyears, but during the past week hebecame suddenly seriously ill, and all-hopa of his recovery was abandoned.He Was 74 veara old. and for thPnnRt ton vars hnrt haah nnfrncrpfl ?nthe hotel business in Carlisle, and wasn j i.i .. . n..eu uuu iavoraui miown to au metraveling men in this section of theState.He is survived by a wife and onedaughter, Mrs. J. C. Tareman. Thefuneral was ' held Sunday afternoon.THE MARKETS.Chicago Grain.CHICAGO, Fb. 2. Wbeat closedflrm 3.8 5.8 net higher, at 95 1-2for May and 88 5-8 . for July. Cornclosed steady, unchanged to 1-8 upcompared with Saturday night at 66u-o xor iua.y aiiu do x-i. ior ouiy. c?atsclosed steady, -at J9 7-8 for May and.39 2 for July.Chicago Live Stock.CHICAGO, Feb. 2. Hog receipts87,000, higher;, bulk of sales.$8.50$8.60; light $8.35 8.62 1-2; medium$8.35 8.671-2; heavy $8.30 S.671-2; rough $8.30 $8.35; pigs $6.758.35. Cattle receipts 22.000; market steady; beeves $6.90 9.50; Texas steers $6.80 S; stockers andfeeders $5.40 8; cows and heifers$3.60 8.50; calves $.7.50 10.50.Sheep receipts 38,000; market weak,native $4.75 8.75; yearlings $5.706.90; lambs, native $6.75 7.85.Cincinnati Live Stock.. CINCINNATI, Feb. 2 Hog receipts6,013; steady; packers $8.70 8.S0;common sows $6 5.35; pigs andlights $6 8.65; stags $4.75 7.5'P;Cattle receipts 1,792; steady; steers$5.75 $8.35; heifers $4.75 7.50;cows $3 $6.50; calves steady, $5.5011.25. Sheep receipts 252; steady,.$2.75 5; lambs s:eadyf $5.75)8.25. vCincinnati Grain.CINCINNATI. O.. Vri. 2 Wheat 1steady, 98 99; corn firm 69 70; Ioats firm 41 411-2; rye steady64.63MmmmmmiimmffiammmmeammSale Ever Witnessed,County."'...,'.', :y ' ''-' 1". - '- ',.".,y 'p 'i.-A- -t-,:rg, vi'"v 'y''y. .: :i$? - '' -wmmm.UMiAmam.i A"'JMWMifMMlftiiLARGE CROWD RtTENM rc6ljRT-AND BUSINESS 'JS VERY 3RIStKYesterday was , county court, dayand" there 'was a large crowd in town.Business in all branches was briskand there was a good business donethroughout . the day. -There wereabout one nunarea neau 01 muies onthe marke and the. demand for thebetter class ot siock was strong, jliuswas due to the approach of the busy'season for the farmers, and who seek-lrrr mnrl- otnol- woro nnf -fnt lir TlPRft, ,oT.i-f ntf. 'inio rrino rann'.LU.C lUftlftCkl J1MJI. v.. J.U.U 1wxvu 0ed from $165 to 250 per head thelatter price being paid for the choiceoffering; A number of individualsales were made.Cay wood & McClintock bought twomules from Evan Triton, . of Robert-.son county, for ?500; from Mrr Curtis,two for' $420; Charles Thompson, twofor ' $450; from J. S. Mark, one at$152.50. They sold to M. H. Beard,one for $220; Clayton Curtis, two for54.9K fSInn.h firnv two fnr S4S0: P. J.v " -..- .-rf -.. x ,Millett, one for $185, and to J. M.vMc-Donald one for $165.There were about 125 head of cat-tie at the stoclc peas of M. J. Mur-Phy & Co., but the 'demand was veryliKht, and fev of them sold. W. H.-Thompson sold thirty heifers to Mr.Connell, of Carlisle, at $30 per head.Frank Collier "disposed of three cornsat from $45 to $65 per head-.Fresh eggs being 12 cents apiecein Paris, France, dealers are offeringstorage eggs, aged from one to tenyears, at 48 cents a dozen.Administrator's Nouce iAU parties having claims againstthe estate of Milton Woodard willplease present same at once for payment. All owing the estate will callat once and settle.GEO. H. JOHNSON,(27-3wks) ,. Administrator.Public Sale!Stock 9 Crop, Household rurniture.Haying decided to move the undervsigned will offer at public sale, onMONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, .1914,on the Fithian farm, at Escondida,commencing' at 10 a. m., the following: 114 lxead.of milk .cows, about 7 fresh,other 7 will be fresh about March 1;, 13 heifers, 2 bulls;'Household and Kitchen Furniture;1 buggy; 1 spring wagon;Milk cans and crocks,, fruit jars;Other articles too numerous ti men-tionWARItEN & FITHIAN, vParis, Ky."1Ckammt Sale. - wjl?- ; i-'rt ?HiHr TCt 1;m iSTOCK MID flU NTBjNine. Issb cattle, tieven less sheepand three les's hogs per 100 people arein the united States than In-1910, theAgricultural Department reports.Fletcher Mann, of Lexington, hassold to J, A. White, of the firm ofStone, Porter & White, Pulaski,Tenn., twenty-five o the best maremules that have left the-State thisseason. This load of mules was soldfor $6,000, probably the highest pricedload of mules that .have gone out ofLexington.Many valuable borses have diedin Montgomery county during thepast week, causing heavy losses, presumably from catarrhal trouble. ThejState veterinarian has been lookinginto the sitution, and it is said gave itout that the trouble was caused bythe(feed that the animals had eaten, thathad become spoiled. A number ofbigh-bred saddle ' mares and broodmares are among the horses that died."You're a dead image of Taft," aPhiladelphia drug clerk told the exPresident as he purchased a shavingstick. "Don't emphasize the deadpart of it so," Taft replied.!PUBLIC.SALE!Having sold my farm, I will offer atpublic auction, at 10 o'clock a. m.,WEDNESDAY, FEB. 11, 1914,-at Castle Comfort Farm, on the Parisand Georgetown pike, the followingproperty:I 2-yr-old mule; 1 pair work raules;1 yearling mule, this spring;1 driving horse;1 Walter A. Wood binder, nearlynew; . . . i1 McCormick binder in perfect con-;dition ; ,2 carriages; - : -& uuuuie acta .ucli iicao ,1 potato planter; '1 sheep dipping tank; hog scaldingtrough;66 sheep due to lamb about Mar. 10. ,2 splendid bucs;2 sowsand pigs; ' -20 shoats, about 90 pounds; .2 sulky breaking plows new;3 disc harrows; .11 double row cutaway harrow2 smoothing harrows; '''1 Chattanooga disc plow;2 two-horse wagons;. ."1 feed sled;1 iron roller;1 steel tooth rake;. ,"v., 1 bull rake; . . ;1 liaystacker; . . T1 Rosa cutting box; S -Some line corn in cirib; aFodder in shack; , vChicken coops; . N.Homer pigeons; . . ' ' . xGarden plows-r breaking plows;Orchard heaters; can be. used fordrying tobacco;Tobacco sticks; tier rails;1 sleigh; r-1 no-top buggy;1 corn harvester, used only to" cut40 acres; NSome black locust fence posts;3 Jersey cows, 1 fresh, others willbe by sale;1 Jersey bull;3-yr-old gelding' . by Taylor Simmons; Several ponies, all mares-in foal;Also a consignment of thoroughbredmares, from Raceland Stock Farm, abargain. Don't miss them.Some household and kitchen furniture x .Many other things too numerous tomention. Nj?ree- ijurgoo tor everybody.TERMS Made known on. day .of TEJMSsale. ,."' I sale. tF. P. CLAV. (Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer. ' I(27-tf) . jDADDY DONT VOUSTARTED A BANKTEAR. AGOWHEN YOUWEREearning:more:..cS"?.SKSTI . ' All the past year he spent money for THIS or thatj useless thing. , Yes, money, that would have piled up in thebank. It didn't seem much, as. he spent it in dribs, but nowhe realizes-' he WASTED M $N Y and has nqthing to 'showfor if. Regrets won't .pay for anything excep.tr wrinkledbrows. Gan't .you' deny yourself -z, lew little 'thirifs' forMake OUR bank YOUR fcatoic ' - !We pay 5 percent, interest on Savings.Inrnno.T .utf rtr'i$ifWfriWV,Vi HC3(E3EK.tBornr Sunday, to tke WM. wt .Mr?Ed. Taylor, of this city,. 2. affrtrsixth born. ,: t !Born, Saturday nigat; to the-irif;of Mr. Commodore Grinaell, & dauater second born.NEW EXPRESS RATES WENTINTO EFFECT YESTERDAYTJie new express rates ordered- feythe Interstate Commerce ComaigsJowent into effect yesferdajr.. Althbugk -a few of the tariffs have suffered' a. "small increase, most of them, havebeen materially decreased. Expertrhave figured that considering: all factors 'the decrease over the old ratel,will average more than 17 per lent.Nixola Greely-Smith says: "Thefemale of the species every speciessave the human is profoundly moraland all the sex crimes, of dvilizatio&are unknown to hfcr. Oh, well Ithere's the female spider who eats herhusband in the very first boor of thehoneymoon. Gee! Nixola, that doesnot sound very profoundly mora.jus. ' ' . 'PUBLIC SALE-GFStocky Crops, Parm implements, and Householdv .. (Goods. :JJHaving, rented my farmi (Woodlawn), r& miles from' Paris oir theLexington pike, I will offer at publicsale on the premises, onTSilRSDAY, FEB. 5, IIIthe following stock, crop, farm impjf--iiiiiL mu iiuustuiuju suous, etc., pe-ginning at the hour of 10 o'clock,fa.m.:1 work mare, in foal to BrutuWheat s"CIyesdale horse1 four-year-old bay driving mafe.lin.foal to Burbridge's jack; .1 brood mare; - .1 three-year-old roan filly; . "1 three-year-old wcri mule;.. 1 six-year-old work mule; good one,1 four-year-old Jersey cow, fresh, ex?tra good butter cow;1 three-year-old Jersey cow, f resitin March; .1 three-year-old Jersey cow, fresh:-' 1 Jersey heifer, bred to LawrenceHorton's herd bull; . , w, 1 registered Berkshire sow ofarrow March 1; ' L4 reeitRrpff Berkshn-e gilts tofa&..row in. March; , ".. '; About 100 chickens; some guinveasr;V About 40 barrels corn, in crib ;!$1 stack fine clover hay; V'vA lot of fodder; , ?, "I Columbus bucrsrv. leather5 &cm'! rubber tii'ed, good as new; -- VJTi top buggy, rubber tired; -..1 two-horse, 2ow-down farmcwagon,new bedf -"iy.- t1 disc harrow; 1 smoothing harmwv;plows; V-SEDouble trees; single trees; . - V.2 sets wagon, harness, -1 goodXlsnew; . " f'r1 McCormick mowing "machine :double trees r : """.' ."-" '-'1 com sheller; xausage gfinde?;large Settle;2 grind stones; 2 refrigerators .lqtoi nee gums;Cook stove; bedstead and springs;1 sideboard; '8-ft. extension -table;carpets, mattings:i-Other, things too unmerous tofaaesktion;-Made known on dav?y:. w. hintojc;.Speaker. Auctioneer. ".. T' Geo. D.(30-2t).WISH YOU HADACCOUNT Ayv-PARISICR!Ea4:rf141-ertoCTpo2po-jrforJ:poi3forC3KHJforJJ3HrtXimJlUiOldcotijJHgg