I i"-- V '' '. f n. t'-.V ' F tT? "wt . t -1F;rf.'V- r -? ,.f 5PUBLISHED EVFB.Y TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE . YEAR-'- .-?L-r--a - -J"o rv 1 1 o d n Kf ki ri a o ;i:MCi-r v11VOLUMEJiXXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1914.SUIT TO BE BROUGHTAGAINST BANK STOCKHOLDERS.From autlioritive sources it hasbeen learned that a suit will be filedin the Bourbon Circuit Court in theWM. J. BRYAN TO SPEAKHERE NEXT THURSDAY,William Jennings Bryan of Nebraska, Secretary of State in PresidentWilson's Cabinet, will -make tena special train furnished bv thft nam-ocratic State Campaign Committee.He will be met at Cincinnati and hisfirst speech will be at Falmouth, afteroffice of the Circuit Clerk in the next I speeches in Kentucky next Thursday,few days hy State Banking Commis- October 15. Mr. Bryan will be aboardITU nmnp CSrvinTl orroitief 4-Vi r I A.2.1 J : & i -. .SIOUcI xuuuioo uxuibu, agaiusi, i,uxstockholders of the defunct GeorgeAlexander & Co. banking house to require them to pay to Buckner Woodford, Receiver for the banking house,the amount of legal liability.On Friday last a number of theimpatient depositors of the bankbrought suit against the banking commissioner through Attorneys HarmonStitt and Talbott & Whitley to require him to declare an immediatepartial dividend of the funds which helias already received and is holding forthe benefit of the depositors.The plaintiffs allege that the banking commissioner has had in hand forseveral months a large amount ofcash with which he could pay a substantial dividend to the depositorsand creditors whose claims are notdisputed after setting apart enough topay expenses and a like dividend onall disputed claims.The plaintiffs allege that because ofthe closing of .the Alexander bankmoney matters are close and that itis a great inconvenience and loss tothe depositors, whose claims are notin dispute, for their part of the cashon hand to be withheld from them,and the purposeo f the suit is to require an immediate distribution of thecash among the depositors.The stokholders who are contesting the assessment have resisted itupon the ground that the collapse ofthe bank was caused by the appearance of a arge number of notes givenbv Mr. Alexander, which, while theypurported to be the obligations of thebank, and that the bank should not berequired to stand responsible forthem, and that if .this contention issustained the bank will stil be solvent. The amount or money to be realized by the depositors should the suitor the banking commissioner provesuccessful, may not be -large, as thegreater p,art of the stock was ownedbv Alexander himself, and he hasalready assigned all of his property tothe receiver of the bank.SfnpVhnlders in banks are liableunder the law for double the amountof their capital stock in the event ofa bank failure, which would mean anassessment of $100 upon each share ofthe stock.LATEST NEWS FROM.- EUROPEAN WAR ZONE.THE HAGUE, Oct. 10, via London.Antwerp surrendered to the Germans" at 2:30 p.'m., Friday, Oct. 9.The war flag was removed from theCathedral and a white flag raised inits place at 9 a. m. The actual surrender took place five and a halfliours later.It is declared that the Cathedral ofZs'otre Dame has not been damaged.The Germans delivered one of theirlast furious attacks between 6 and 7o'clock Friday morning. The Belgians resisted them valiantly in theirtrenches, and the desperate fightingTesulted in very heavy losses on bothsides. ,. :During all Friday night Zeppelin airships directed the firing of the German heavy artillery, the result ofwhich were appalling.The German artillery forced its wayacross the river Nethe, in which manyof the artillerymen were drowned.The fighting has been indescribablysanguinary. .The Belgians succeeded in blowingup two, and possibly more of theirenemy's batteries and heavy artillery.Dispatches attempting to auaiythe German plan of campaign withAntwerp in their hands declare thatthe German purpose is to sweep overNorthern France with the object oftaking possession of the channel ports,and thus bring the warfare nearerEngland. It is said here that Germannewspapers are predicting the use ofthis Northern Belgian position as abase for operations against England.It is assumed in Lnodon that if Germany considers it convenient to herplan of campaign she will not hesitate to utilize the neutral waters ofthe Scheldt j but except as an airship,and possibly a submarine base, it is-contended that ,she can derive no advantage from this waterway.INSURANCE ACT IS HELDINVALID BY JUDGE STOUT.WILLIAM J. BRYAN.which he will speak at Cynthiana,Paris, Lexington, Mayfield, Frankfort,Christiansburg, Eminence and Lagrange, winding up at Louisville atnight. Gov. Beckham and members ofthe Campaign Committee will accompany Mr. Bryan on the day's itinerary. Mr. Bryan's special train is due inParis at 11:15 Thursday morning,coming from Falmouth and Cynthiana,where the distinguished speaker willdelivershort addresses.No set program has been arrangedfor the Secretary's reception, but hewill be introduced to the crowd eitheroy one ot nis party or oy some localorator. Mr. Bryan will make a shortspeech from the rear end of the trainand he will no doubt be greeted by alarge crowd of admirers. FormerGovernor J. C. W. Beckham, Democratic nominee 'for United States Senator,will be in the party, but will not speakhere.The State Campaign Committee evidently considers Paris and Bourboncounty as being rock-ribbed in thefaith as no speaking dates have so farbeen announced.THE TABERNACLE MEETING.11 lift. vLarge crowds continue to fill thethe big tabernacle day and nightwhere the Ham-Ramse y evangelicalforces are holding forth and. the interest aroused by the meetings has permeated even the remote parts of thisand adjoining counties.The Saturday morning services wereunusually interesting.At the eyening services EvangelistHam preached a stirring sermon on aunique subject, "Knees Knocking Together," which was listened to withrapt attention, by a large audience.Sunday morning the evangelistpreached at 11:00 o'clock at the union 'service on "The Greatest Thing in the rWorld."- At 3:00 p. m. he addressed a ;refeord-breaking crowd of male auditors on "The Sin That Kil.l" Atthe evening service at 7:15 the bigauditorium was crowded to its utmostcapacity with a crowd so large that itis a mystery where they came from,and how they all managed to get inthe building. Evangelist Ham spokeon the subject, "Wnat Will You DoWith Jesus?"Monday being rest day for the workers no services were held.The attendance up to date has beenin excess of 56,000, and the total colin excess of 56,000.Friday night has been selected as"Odd Fellows' Night" at the Tabernacle. It is expected that fully 200members of the order will be present.Evangelist Ham will deliver a specialsermon of interest to the fraternity.A big sign bearing the letters "I. O.O. F.V in brilliant electric lights willbe erected to show 'the way to thetabernacle. It is expected that thebuilding will be filled to overflowing.To-night has been designated as"Railroad Night."riviiccneii aBlakemore'sisGROCER SUES SALOONIST.lSMALL SIZED CYCLONEVISITS BOURBON COUNTYA cyclone swept over the Millersburg vicinity Saturday afternoon, doing considerable damage to property,'but no serious property loss of loss oflife resulted.Two tobacco barns on the Massiefarm used by Ed. Wagner were unroofed, and the tobacco from one ofthe barns was blown to the four corners of the earth. The tobacco,which was raised, by George Clay, anegro tenant, is a total loss. Theroof was blown from the residence ofThomas Wagner. Mr. Wagner andfamily were in Millersburg at thetime. Fences were blown down andtrees uprooted. Telephone servicewas greatly hampered. The stormwas followed by a terriffic rain, andt.he streams were flooded. The stormcovered a large area extending intoCralisle, where the greatest damagewas done.The situation in Paris for a timeseemed very threatening, but beyondthe heavy rain flooding the street, noharm was done.A large tobacco barn belonging vtoWillard Ward on the Carlisle & Jackstown pike, was blown down and Westfalls store, in the same vicinity, wasundoofed. The lines of the CarlisleHome Telephone were blown downand three hundred telephones put outof commission. District Manager J.J. Veatch, of Paris, went to tne sceue,and aided by a detachment from Paris,Carlisle and Maysville constructioncorps, soon had the service restoredto perfect working order.Through his attorneys, Talbott &Whitley, Mr. Chas. P. Cook, the MainStreet grocer, filed suit in the Bourbon Circuit Court late Saturday afternoon against Mr. Thos. F Brannon,who conducts a saloon a few doorsbelo5T Mr. Cook's place of business,asking damages in the sum of $5,000for alleged assault and battery.The petition charges that "on theday of , 1914, the defendant, T. F.Brannon, wantonly and maliciously assaulted, beat and bruised the plaintiff,Cook, about the head and face withhis fists and kicked him in the backwith his foot after he was down, thereby injuring the plaintiff about his headand back, that by reason of his saidinjuries he has suffered great pain andmental anguish to the plaintiff's damage' in the sum of $5,000."The suit is the result of an assaultmade by Mr. Brannon upon Mr. Cooklast spring, after Mr. Cook had testified before the grand, jury about analleged nuisance which the grand jurywas investigating. After the assaultJudge Stout issued a rule 'against Mr.Brannon for contempt of courts in assaulting a witness, and on a trial ofthis rule before a jury, Mr. Brannonwas fined 1,000 and given a jail sentence of six months. He took an appeal from this verdict to the Court ofAppeals, and the case is now pendinga hearing.TJTODAYAnd Not To-morrow, is the Time, to Think AboutFall Suit and Overcoat.Come to this store and buy your clothes.We carry the finest and best makes of clothingin the United States. When you purchase aSuit or Overcoat from us it has to be right or wewon't sell it to you.Clothes that fit you and the kind that wilhold their shape and wearj all styles, for the fatman or the thin man.tSuits and Overcoats From$10To$35.Copyright. 1914bdprU. ftfcrafc C.Think of This Store First!Mitchell & Blakemore,IThe Store for Mien's StylesParis, Kentucky';. rNEWSPAPER PUBLISHERSOPPOSE TAX ON PAPERS.Newspaper publishers generally arepreparing to ask the Senate to changethat portion of the, House War Revenue Bill providing for a stamp on thehills of lading on all packages so thatit will not be necessary to attach billsof lading to bundles of newspapers.The newspaper owners do not object to paying the tax, but regard themethod of levying it as impracticable.They contend that neither the railroads nor other transportation companies will hold their cars until newspaper packages are checked, stampedand receipted for.The newspaper publishers who haveinquired into the effect of that sectionof the bill as passed by the House requiring bills of lading, manifests andreceipts with stamps attached in connection, with the shipment of newspapers," believe that very serious delays in delivery will result.Instead of this system of stampedbills of lading, the newspaper publishers, for example, suggest that a taxcould be imposed on the basis ofsworn circulation.w:CALLBadwin'sCircuit Judge Stout at Georgetown,Fridav, held that the act of 1912 proTiding for the organization of co-operativeassessment life insurance companies is unconstitutional.The decision was rendered in sustaining a demurer to the petition ofthe Mammoth Accident and Life Insurance Company, of Louisville. Thisrnmnanv is endeavoring to compel theInsurance Commissioners to issue it acharter. It has $100,000 capita stockand only $10,000 -has "Been paid.The act under which the company isorganized is held invalid as it does notset out in full the reenacted parts ofthe old act.CAMDEN TO SPEAK IN KENTUCKY1PROMPT SETTLEMENT.Mr. A. F. Boiling, adjuster for theOld Colony Insurance Co., of Louisville, was here yesterday and settledthe loss on Mr. S. G. Clay's automobile, which was burned on Saturdaynight, October 3. In company with:the local agent, Mr. Roxie Davis, Mr..Boiling went to the Clay home yesterday and was just fifteen minutes insettling the claim in full which was2.200. Mr. Davis is very proud of therecords his old reliable company hasfor quick settlements. If you, haveinsurance to buy, and want quick action, see Roxie he believes in promptsettlements- , ., C1)"LOOK WHO'S HERE!"Senator Camden will make one ortwo ''set" speeches in the Kentuckycanipaieh, but will not attempt a general tour of the State, although he isa candidate for election to the shortterm. He admits that "spellbinding"is not his forte.Cash 'Crow, well-known in policecircles, whose boast has been that hecould make his escape from any place,and who made his get away from thecounty workhouse some-time ago, wasarrested in Maysville, Saturday, andreturned here last night in charge ofMaysville officers. '"Cassius" is a very slippery individual and has caused the county no inconsiderable expense in capturing andreturning him after his numerousfleet-footed journeys. The News offersas a suggestion that Cassius be confined in the Alexander Bank vault withthe time-lock set at "3$o limit.":Phone 32FORDressedChickensOystersCeleryCranberriesc4! FRANK & CO.NOTICE!This Store Has Not. vanced Prices.Ad-Now ShowingNewest Fall Styles.Ladies' and Misses' SuitsPrices $15.00, $20.00 and $25.00.Some Suits at $40.00 and $25.fiO.BALDWINSAVE PENALTY.The time Is abouttip for paying CityTaxes. Pay NOW andsave.1 0 per cent penalty.-," . . rEVERY LOAD GUARANTEED.OPENING OF WORLD'S SERIES.The Boston Braves' out- played andoutclassed the Philadelphia Athleticsin the opening game of the series Friday winning out by a score of 7 to 1and repeated the dose' Saturday byshutting out the Phillies by the sennnnai score of 1 to 0. Both gameswere witnessed by tremendpus crowdsjBoston annexed tne game yesieruaymaking it three straight, by the scoreof 5 to A twelve innings. The game.,o-o -nritTiPRRRd bv 38.000 people. Thebatteries" were, "BAish and; Schang forPhytdeipnia; i;yier- auu uutvBoston. , 'We guarantee every load of coalto give satisfaction. Phones 336.(15-tf) J. H. BATTERTON.forATTENTION, ODDFELLOWS.Friday nigrat will beI. O. O. E jnignt at theTabernacle. All members - requested tomeet at lodge roomat 7 o'clock. " 2tj?-: r ,I:!2Z oBROS. I !, - x kX r-"Ladies Misses' and Children'sDresses.Prices From $5.00 to $20.00.Silk, Satin and Crepe Dresses.Suitable for Street, Afternoon and Evening?"Prices Range from $15.00 up.cTVKllinery.PRICE OF TRIMMED HATS $5.00;EAOI' Why Pay More ? ,v--FRANK & CO,'r , The Store WhreRdiabtyatrs. ' -M-.f-V,c-s -.J. -,.- it4,l-rm'Pk'i-- -; .- v - (.v"!$MVITHENEWS, VPRIS. KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 13, 1914'v -. X - 'iHl 1?:W tP n j..' i HtJT'-W'ivJ -'?wlltfs'!fthiH-The Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Entered at the Pans, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktpe, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise:nmts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKETFor SenatorJ. C. W. BECKHAM(Long Term)JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term)For CongressJ. CAMPBELL CANTRILL.IARLY WARNEWSFIERCEFIGHTINGWERP.NEAR ANT-SIGNPOSTS OF THE DESERTCurious Little Piles of Stone WhichAll Understand Lead toWater.LONDON, October 9. An officialGerman dispatch, received here fromBerlin by wireless, says:"It is reported from Dutch sources;that fierce fighting occurred yesterdayin the Nethe district (province of Ant-werp.) I"The Germans approached in anortherly direction from forts of'Waver and Waelhem and commencedva bombardment of Antwerp fromvthese positions."Early in the morning the shranelshells already had caused great damage in many places, showing that theinvesting force is close to the city."The whole of the Belgian fieldarmy has been concentrated in thedistrict between Antwerp, Lierre(nine miles to the southeast of thecity) and the River Scheldt, in whichjarea fighting is proceeding."More than 100,000 inhabitants or'Antwerp have fled to Holland in ter- ror, and the remainder of the non-combatantshave burrowed in their cellars,where shrapnel, shell and bombsfrom the air are making life a nightmare. "Before dawn to-day six Zeppelins,liad flown over the city, droppingliombs, several of which struck thePalais de Justice, damaging it severely. To-day a Zeppelin flying over thefortifications dropped a bomb in an oiltank 'at Hoboken, setting it afire. Theother near-by tanks were drained"hastilyto prevent the spread of theiflames."In traveling over the plains of western Texas I have now and then comeon two little isolated heaps of rockthat at first glance seemed not at allremarkable. After a time I noticedthat one heap was generally aboutthree feet high and the other about a.foot lower. The two were always within a few feet of each other and usuallyon an elevation or plateau that hada view of the country for five mijes ormore.The rocks were roughly heaped together, as if left by children at play.I sometimes wondered if they couldbe the ruins of an ancient stone building; but that was improbable, forthere was scarcely another stone insight.Years later I learned the actual significance of these rock heaps from anold Indian whose mind was stored withall the legends and customs and deedsof his people. According to him, whenthe Great Spirit lapped up the mightyrivers of the plains he left springs andwater basins here and there for cheantelope and the Indian. . These theantelope easily found by scent, but theIndian had to search long and anxiously for them. Once found, chfvy wereseldom lost thanks to these rude rockheaps.I watched the old xellow orDUchdown behind the taller Heap, sight overthe low one, and mark the farthest object in a straight line, which in Ibiscase was a clump of bushes on thehorizon. We rode toward these bushesand found not water, as I had expected, but two other heaps cf rocks. Sighting as before, and taking a rock-facedcliff toward the southwest as a goal,we rode two miles farther, and there,trickling out from beneath the cliff'srocky brow, was a spring of fresh,clear water.The old Indian said that whenever aband of Indians came upon a newspring they built these rock heapsalong their trail; since then I have followed some half-dozen of these rudesignposts and found them to lead either to water or to places that showedtraces of -a former water course.Youth's Companion.SQUIRRELS SKIP ON WIRETiny Animals Perform Daring AerialFeats to Outwit. Nut Thievesof Philadelphia.Philadelphia. There has been acrowd of Kensingtonians in Norrissquare, Diamond and Hancock streets,every day since it was discovered thatthe squirrels the Kensington Board ofTrade put into the open space severalyears ago will perform incredibleclimbing feats for a nut.The discovery was made by a youngman who spends much of his timestudying zoology, botany, and suchthings. He threw a nut to a squirrelin the square, expecting to see it dothe usual stunt, which is to carry itup a tree and hide it. Instead thelittle animal skipped across the lawnsand ascended a telegraph pole withlightning speed.While the naturalist looked onamazed, the busy little creature, holding the prized nut firmly, skippedlightly along the insulated wiring toHancock street. It then hopped toanother wire which leads to the roofof St Boniface's Catholic church.Running along the wire with the graceof the daintiest tight-rope walker, thelittle animal deposited the nut in acrevice near the roof of the edifice,and then returned to the square bythe same route.The answer is that th8 squirrels donot trust their-old hiding places in thepark. They have evidently beenrobbed of some food they had" workedlaboriously for days to store up. Atleast, that is the way the dopestersin the daily audience have it figuredout. It would be a nutty squirrel, theythink, that would risk its life anddignity in such a manner just for anut.The performances are held daily.All that is necessary is to give oneof the little animals a nut, and theshow begins.IF MEALS HITM"Pape's Diapepsin"' Ends StomachMisery, Indigestion in FiveMinutes.IttfDtlitifKrtiliwmmmmTmmmmammmmmmmmmatmNever WarpCraRotAurl, 05 Burn:-?iKegttood ShingleHHHniimmmmnfc - Xai WW ljrSnwssnWRDJThey canIf what you just ate is souring onyour stomach or lies like a lump oflead refusing to digest, or you belchgas and eructate sour, undigestedfood, or have a feeling of dizziness,heartburn, fullness, nausea, bad tastein mouth and stomach, headache, youcan get blessed relief in five minutes.Ask your pharmacist to showyouthe. formula, plainly printed on thesefifty-cent cases of tape's Diapepsin,then you will understand why dyspeptic troubles of all kinds must go,and why they relieve sour, out-of-orderstomachs or indigestion in five minutes. "Pape's Diapepsin" is harmless;tastes like candy, though each dosewill digest and ' prepare for assimilation into the blood all the food youeat; besides, it makes you go to thetable with a healthy appetite; butwhat will please you most, is that youwill feel that your stomach and intestines are clean and fresh, an dyou willnot need to resort to laxatives or liverpills for billiousness or constipation.This city will haVe many "Pape'sDiajpepsin "cranks, as some people willcall them, but you will be enthusiasticabout this splendid stomach preparation, too, if you ever take it for indigestion, gases,, heartburn, sourness,dyspepsia, or any stomach misery.Get some now, this minute, and ridyourself of stomach trouble and indigestion in five minutes.srfJpL& VRv!' . 1 Ft ass LjsyAVJK -JVTTTjOlmnSnSnSnTerTiT i Wr'l f1 1 ' if ti (i'i f'Mlf mRRRRnrSrf T r 7ir iUri 1 I ' r I Jill WmI Bit c;aid right over an old wood-shingle roof without dirt or bother, and they make it stormproof and fireproof.5 They're inexpensive. For particulars addressBEST & HAWKINS, Miiiersbprg, Kentucky.Bourbon Laundry!DWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. - West 5 StreetTIRED, WORN-OUT, MISERABLE.BIG GUNS AGAINST MEN.'."LONDON. October 9. "A grave-view of the situation is taken by, theauthorities," writes the Antwerp correspondent of the Daily News. "The-great guns have told the tale.4 "The fighting around Antwerp hasbeen a battle of. Krupps against men.every day and night the fighting has-continued with deadly effect againstthe forts, while the shrapnel and shellhave made many of the trenches untenable. "As fast as the Belgians were compelled to withdraw from a position theGermans have moved up and occupiedit The Belgians are frequentlyfought bravely and stubbornly with inlantry and frequently they repulsedthe Germans, but-these repulses always meant a renewal of the artilleryattacks by the Germans with the eventual retirement of the Belgians."In their present position the Germans, even with their second largest.uns, are able to reach the city."For Toothache.Toothache is essentially an inflammatory condition, and in 99 per cent ofthe cases there is a cavity in the tooth.In those cases where there is a cavity,but no nerve exposure, the treatmentis simple apply a sedative and exclude the secretions of the mouth fromthe cavity; prompt relief will follow,and then advise the patient to visita competent dentist, says a dentist.A very effective agent, and one always at hand, is the oil of cloves. Itshould be applied by saturating cottonwith the remedy and introducing itinto the cavity with a toothpick orother pointed instrument; that beingdone, the secretions are kept out byfilling the cavity with a little beeswax,a household remedy always at hand.The wax can be applied by warmingover a lamp on the point of a knife andforcing into the cavity. The, wax filling serves not only the -purpose ofkeeping the secretions of the mouthout, but prevents thermal changesfrom affecting the nerve when hot andcold substances are taken into themouth.Many Paris People in This Condition.There is little rest for the kidneysufferer. r -The back throbs, feels weak andpainful.The urinary passages are irregularand distressing.The sufferer, tired, worn-out and depressed. The kidneys need quick help.They need a special kidney remedy.Doan's Kidney Pills have stood thetest.A remedy especially for kidney ailments. Can any Paris reader doubt thisstatement?Mrs. G. N. Gravett, 44 N. First Ave.,Winchester, Ky., says: "For years Ihave known about Doan's Kidney Pillsand I consider them the best of allkidney Pills, and I consider them thebest of all kidney remedies. Ihadheadaches and backache and was restless at nigtht. I velt all tired outin the morning and sometimes wasnervous. Seeing Doan's Kidney PillsI used them. They made me strongand well."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don't simply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Gravett had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props.,- Buffalo, N. W.Any girl would rather have yellowteeth than have a mustache to hidethem.Popular Price ExcursionTo Cincinnati and ReturnSunday, Oct. 18, 1914,$1.50For the Round TripSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky.8:20a. m., returning leovcs CincinnatiFourth Street Station '7:00 p. m.We Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous lor fine work and itdever goes brack on its repntabion. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered. yourcu3tomis thekind we want as we like toappreciatesBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.wriitk A M m wkm lPlToo many women struggleunder pains and aches.They ate not sickbut weak,nervous, irritable.Such women need that bloodstren&th that comes by takingSCOTT'S EMULSION. It alsottreagtbens the nerves, aids the appetite and checks the decline.Cure for Snake Bite.Many are the curious methodsadopted for curing snake bites, butsurely none can be more so than away of which our Bhavnagar correspondent informs us. Two natives ina village near that station were, hesays, brought back to life after beingbitten by a cobra.The victims were seated on theground and then held, while from aheight of 16 feet gallons and gallonsof hot water were poured on theirheads. Presently, according to the correspondent, the victims took a newlease of life," and are now as well asthough they had never been in thejaws of death. ;The explanation to this "cure' probably is ttiat the snalse, as often happens, bit its victims, but injected nopoison into them. Thus'the men weremerely frightened, 'and continued tobe .frightened until-the pain caused bythe douche of hot water gave themsomething else to think about Civiland Military Gazette.IT ALWAYS DOES THE WORK."I like Chamberlain's Cough Remedy better than any other," writesR. E. Roberts, Homer City, Pa. "Ihave taken it off and on for yearsand it has never failed to give thedesired effect." For sale by all dealers. (dct-adv)Round trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily from Oct. 1st, 1914, toApril 30r 1915, to all principal touristpoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico,Texas and Havana, Cuba, with finalreturn limit May 31, 1915, with verylibeval stop-over privileges. Also lowround-trip Home-Seekers tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, Louisianaand Mississippi, on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month, with finalreturn limit vfteen days from date ofsale. For further information, call onor address,J. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.Ifr I' IHUgThe old-fashioned boy who used tobelieve in Santa Claus now has a sonwho wants the University of Copenhagen to investigate the claims made forold Doctor Stor.i "CarefIB I Too IVf n nC Ctantt- I MlIB ivus. jaj iuvuvw, wi ciiwyai- ihTONED UP WHOLE SYSTEM."Chamberlain's Tablet have donemore for me than I ever dared hopefor ," writes Mrs. Esther Mae Baker,Spencerport, N. Y. "I used severalbottles of these tablets a few monthsago. They not only cure.d me ofbilious attacks, sick headaches andthat tired out feeling, but toned upmy whole system." For sale by allJ,1 if wifm or mother tire matSfyI r I It run down, SCOTT'S fBEMULSION wmhudd her up. V7JI SHUN SUBSTITUTES. A UfFailers Called Mental Defectives.According to a Brooklyn physicianmost accidents, as well as divorcesand crimes, are in reality due to defective mentality. When a persongets caught in a maze of traffic anddoes not know whether it is betterto go backward or forward, he is,according to this doctor, a target foreverything coming his way.This Indecision or lack of judgmentdealers.(oct-adv)Once upon a time a man went to avaudeville show and sat down andlooked over the program. It took fourdocvtors two hours to revive him.There wasn't a bicycle ac ton the bill.State of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas County JssFrank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm ofThis indecision or lack or judgment "- ;- ------- .. ." 71, , . , . . ., F. J. Cheney & Co., doing businessleads to frequent accidents with the n ' mnln nmmtv nnHsame individual. Of 112 persons who gtate aforesaia and that said firmwere questioned in four semi-private- Wlll pay tne sum 0f ONE HUNDREDSi BbHaatiia, Sore MBackache, Headache' Wtmmmakt aMUMONMtEMtlUiIruflU.hospitals 46 had had previous accidents and 32 more than one such accident Out of about 50,000 examinations of defectives there was scarcelya case that did not show many scars.Inquiry among eight automobile owners showed that the opinion commonlyheld of reckless chauffeurs amongtheir fellows was that the recklessones were not quite normal, or, asthey phrased it, were "crazy.-What Made It Famous.Yeast Did you enjoy yoir tripthrough Milwaukee?V CriMaofih k Did I? Say. thereDOLLARS for each and every caseof Catarrh that cannot be cured bythe use of HALL'S CATARRHCURE.FRANK J. CHENEY."Sworn to before me and subscribed in my presence, this 6th day ofDecember, A. D. 1886.(Seal) A. W. GLEASON,Notary Public.iHall's Catarrah Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon theblood and mucous surfaces of thesystem. Send for testimorials, free,system. Send' for testimonials, free.Take Hall's 'Family Pills for constipation. , -ST.Address: -F. .J. CHENEY , & C0.,Toledo, O. r t k- " V(6ot-iHT)h;Mrs. Jay McGee, of Steph-enville, Texas, writes: "For yjnine (y) years, l sunerea wun"womanly trouble. I had terrible headaches, and pains inmy back, etc. It seemed as ifI would die, I suffered so. Atlast, I decided to try Cardui,the woman's fonic, and ithelped me right away. Thefull treatment not only helpedme, but it cured me."TAKECarduiThe Woman's Tonic.Cardui helps women in timeof greatest need, because itcontains ingredients which actspecifically, yet gently, on theweakened womanly organs.So, if you feel discouraged,blue, out-of-sorts, unable todo your household work, onaccount of your condition, stopworrying and give Cardui atrial. It has helped thousandsof women, why not you?Try Cardui. E-7IYour Coal Bin Full?Our Coal will give the best results inyour heating stove and furnace, aswell as in your cooking stove.The Coal we sell burns better, givesmore heat and fasts longer than anyany other Coal. Give us a trial order.Dodson & Denton. - - Paris, Ky .Yi-h, SthMiin St. Both Phones 140!!&3&?Z5m&glGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EHfiALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 399.IIt Pans Odorless Cleaning Co.i.Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedUto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.1Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White KidGloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25cBSBSBSBCANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of J Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,nrALegafly GUARANTEED CURE'Thlnko!t,Mr.PartuerKbero,saremed7forb0ffcbolMA f m HeMslthat is old under a "Leg-aLGuarantee Boad." How, JJ" "wi .can you afford to take chances against hog cholera alAiilsM'fll hwjraa jm uw (ci uiiaiimueuj u suvu iwuuij ym ha nmVm mmv mot Mt mt fhit frilTlMtl1 fa COftf andhoc oaoteca. It does the work betty than any oOwc known rdy.4 r KParis, Ky.7TVrito for tve ftewoflotttlliar now q tmwm yow sowI. V I''eimar cumtamt. i nn. wH iwk tna noc, Kwotua no oe son n mw " -..- -- RRRBRR, V- vtKEEP YOUR STOMACH 'AND ISIVER HEALTHY.A vigorous.Stomach, perfect r working Liver and regular acting Bowelsis guaranteed if you use Dr. King'sNew Life Pills. They insure goodDigestion, correct Constipation andhave an excellent tonic effect on thewhole system Purify your blood andrid you of all body poisons throughthe Bowels. Only ifoc at your drug"ist. (oct-adv)i4'I"I"I"I"I"H"I"l"H'4l"i"i"I"2''J"I"l"I"Ii4StraussBros.& CosNewr!No. 81 On Sale at All! Cigar Stands.g'4-H"S,MH'?l"I':"I"I"2"I";"I"I"I"!I'!V fjf iji fyijf J lf ijJ"&IS YIi Is It Worth Insuring? 1i Gerteinly?Ask lis to give you therates. We give especial at-tention to all farm business, fTry us. Call 36 or 171 day,56 night.Iw. 0.HINTONSON,&0,THE NEW PIRIVI.V?- AX"II"I"tI2MS''S"I"I,II"I"5"II"I"'I"I,I"I"It! ATTENTIONPEOPLE!Do You Know We Handlethe 'CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.mm.ELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101$$For Sale.Pony Saddle -and- Blanket forpony cart .Inquire at News .office, tfFor Rent.Frame house on Second streetApply at 315 Pleasant Street, E. T.Telephone 276, or at Paris BookStore, E. T. Telephone 562.Rooms For Rent.Furnished rooms for rent in a confortable home close to business center. All conveniences; convenient topostomce, opera house, churchesCigahowuuilniolv""y-'tfT . wq mlif ' ik3?SUNDAY SCHOOL: CONVENTIONState Association To Meet AtLexington On October, 20th To 23rd, 1914OVER ONE HUNDRED SPEAKERSAn Excellent Program Has Been Prepared and Large Attendance Expected Roll Call, of Counties Will BeInteresting Feature and Every County Should Be Represented.Louisville, Ky. (Special). It wouldnot be possible for us to give space forthe entire program of the State Convention of the Kentucky SundaySchool Association which will be heldin Lexington Oct. 20-23, as it extendsover four days, with more than twenty sessions and over one hundredspeakers. JEvery one who is connected with the Sunday School will findsomething of interest, something to instruct and help. The pastor, the superintendent, the teacher and the pupil will all find something of specialvalue. Tuesday afternoon will be given to Conferences as will also Thursday afternoon. Tuesday night therewill be the welcome address by BishopLewis W. Eurton of the ProtestantEpiscopal Church, followed by addresses from ,the President, Chair-Mr. C. F. Kuhleln, President KentuckySunday-school Association.man of the Executive Committeeand General Secretary of theState Association, and Rev. W.A. Brown, D.D., of Chicago. Wednesday morning will be devoted largely toviewing the field with reports of workdone and suggested plans for the future. Wednesday afternoon will bedevoted to "Volunteer Service" whenabout twenty county Officers from different parts of the state will tell howthings have been done. Wednesdayevening the Treasurer of the StateAssociation will tell of "A Ten Thousand Dollar. Investment." Rev. W. A.Brown will speak again on "ThreeGreat Superlatives." Thursday morning's program will deal with "PersonalEvangelism," "Men ad the SundaySchool," and "The Conservation ofYouth." There will also be the rollcall of counties with responses fromdelegates who represent the countiesThursday -at noon will be held the superintendent's lunch and conference.After the conferences on Thursdayafternoon will come the "automobile ride", for delegates. Thursdaynight a great address at the Ben AliDr. William A. Brown, Missionary Superintendent of the InternationalSunday-school Association.Theater on "Social Hygiene," by Dr.Howard Kelly of Johns Hopkins University. Friday morning "Temperance and Purity' "Missions" and "OurYouth" will be the subjects. Fridaynoon will be the lunch and cpnferencefor County Officers. Friday afternoonwill be given to the consideration ofthe "Go-to-Sunday-School. Day" as itwas observed this year, what it hasmeant to the state, and how it can bemade even more effective next year.There will be banquets- at 6 o'clockfor the Elementary and SecondaryWorkers. Friday nigm me w".euur' ' ,eic- .4,111 oinP with an .address by Miss "".' "..-. ,. . ""-" "- 7oon . . ?r" r.roo . roo.f mps u a. PtfttQilTHE BOUfclW NEWS PAWS KY,lI Ksnnfa T a. Tr',,ZA.'L iirriC-i. -,, 1-riehgeof Young Life to the SundaySchool," and .one by Prof. J. TI Coateson "The Possibilities of the CountrySunday School." The music will bein charge of Prof. C. F. Croxton, Director of Music in the Lexingtbn. Public Schools, who will be assisted by alarge choir and orchestra.Some of the Speakers.Rev. W. A. Brown, D.D., Chicago,111., Missionary Superintendent of theInternational Sunday School Association. The Rt. Rev. Lewis W. Burton, D.D..Bishop of the Protestant EpiscopalChurch, Lexington.Mr. Alfred Mason, Memphis, Tenn.,Superintendent of large Sunday School.Miss Nannie Lee Frayser, Lecturer,Story Teller, Lesson Writer, State Superintendent Elementary Work.Mr. C. F. Huhlein, Louisville, President Avery Plow Co. and PresidentKentucky Sunday School Association.Mr. S.' A. Harris, Secretary Boy's Department of the Young Men's Christian Association of Kentucky.Rev. F. G. B. Mann, D.D., PresidingElder of the Maysville District M. E.Church, South, and Editor of the Central Methodist Advocate..1iRichard Henry Crossfield, PresidentTransylvania University and theCollege of the Bible.Prof. A. W. Fortune, D.D., Transylvania University, Lexington.Prof. J. T. Coates, Supervisor RuralSchools of Kentucky, Frankfort.Rev. Homer Carpenter, Pastor Christian Church, Shelbyville.Mr. C. C. Stoll, Louisville, Kentucky's Representative on the International Sunday School Association'sExecutive Committee.Rev. TV. H. Hopper, Pastor BurnsidePresbyterian Church.Some of the Topics."Growing," "How We Are Growing,""How the Cradle Roll Helps Us Grow,""How Good Equipment Helps UsGrow," "How Graded Lessons Help UsGrow," "How the Story Helps UsGrow," "How Good Music Helps UsGrow," "How Mothers' Meetings HelpUs Grow.""Wanted Boys in the SundaySchool," "What Boys Want in the Sunday School," "The Sunday School forOur Girls," "Onward Together," "Convention Values," "The Sunday Schoolas a World Force," "Five Ways ofWorkmg," "Tiiree Great superlatives," 'Sunday School Men," "Personal Evangelism," "The Moral Equivalent of War,""The Conservation of Youth," "TheSpirit of Youth," "The Challenge toService," "Four-Fold Activities Physical, Mental, Social, Spiritual," "Temperance Teaching in the SundaySchool," "The SuccessfulSundaySchool Superintendent," The Youth ofAmerica," "The Youth of Kentucky,""Christ for Every Le," "Men and theChurch," "The Challenge of YoungLife to the Sunday School," "The Possibilities of the Country SundaySchool."Local Arrangements.When 'delegates arrive in Lexingtonthey will go directly to the BroadwayChristian Church,: which can be reached by street car. . There they will findthe committee to assist them in getting located. There will be no freeentertainment, but the committee willmake arrangements with the hotelsand boarding houses for the lowestrates possible. For information withregard to boarding'write to Mr. BruceDavis, Lexington, Ky. For railroadrates see the agent of your railroadseveral days before you expect tostart. For .program and further information write to the Kentucky SundaySchool Association, 712 LouisvilleTrust Building, Louisville, Ky.GREAT PREPARATIONS MADE.Louisville. It has been eleven yearssince Lexington had the honor of entertaining this convention and theseyears have formed a period of unusual development in the Sunday-schoolworld. There have been many newSunday-schools organized, most of. theschools have grown largely in thenumber of people enrolled. The schoolshave become better organized andhave added many new departments.The Teacher Training Classes, theOrganized Adult Classes, the Organized Teen Age Classes, the Home Departments and the Cradle Rolls haveall developed into departments of' theSunday-schools during these years andeach will have an important place onthe program.One of the interesting features ofthe State Convention of the KentuckySunday School Association to be held. t.$J , ,V- wi "S?!!??iTi .nvinrrriT f rv vi .vv .Tin . rA r n a uijvy. j. j i u in. ir. ah i - jiuuLiuncer. lnor anvTmnor in nica una i i iik iiii i iii i iisl a.iiu uicuiiaoai t- - --- . I xaa 1 ' I 14 II WL.7Li-StUL.iW T (a-am yj-k- -- I It .-. Knilrl.'n . a -n j-t tWAVV1ta AM -- 1yTESiniuwiT iuti r-v ,. o-v: "? '- ,tB5hxr "' zmmt w w .- - -- ,aS . jgr "V OHI'U I' MteggggegS "I 'I'M, II , i j HM, ''w4 , iH iiin.i m tS1 u -;.. , JK. . . w" . . 771 71 MnilFF HUll f. -cMawwCT r :n .W..WI . , ......1SIOPS FALLINGGirls!Try This! Makes Your HairThickGlossy, Fluffy,Beautiful.Within ten minutes after an application of Danderine you cannot find asingle trace of' dandruff or falling hairand your scalp will not itch, but whatwill please you most will be after afew weeks' sue, when -you see newhair, fine and downy at first yesbutreally new hair growing all overthe scalp.A little Danderine immediatelydoubles the beauty of your hair. Nodifference how dull, faded, brittle andscraggy, just moisten 'a loth, withDanderine .and .carefully ..draw .itthrough your hair, taking one strandat a time. The effect is amazingjfjur hair will be light, fluffy andwavy, and have an appearance ofabundance; an incomparable lusture,softness nd luxuriance.Get a 25 cent bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine from any drug store ortoilet counter, and prove -that yourhair is a spretty and soft as anythat it has been neglected or injuredby careless treatment that's allyou surely can have beautiful hair andlots of it if you will just try a littleDanderine.Before she is married she regards"Vogner" and the Tango as the twomost important things in life. But af-1ter she has a few children she talksmore about Gastor Oil and Paragorictnan anything else.YOURFALL COLDNEEDSATTENTION.iNo use to fuss and try to wear itout. It will wear you out instead.Take Dr King's New Discovery, relief follows quickly. It checks yourCold and Soothes your Cough, away.Pleasant, Antiseptic and "Healing.Children like it. Get a 50c bottlekeep it in the house. "Our familyCough and Cold Doctor" writes.Lewis Chamberlain, Manchester, O.Money back if not satisfied, but itnearly always helps.(oct-adv)When a collector sails at the housenext door and the woman next doorlets on that she is out and doesn'tanswer the bell, it is all the neighborwoman can do to keep from screamingat the collector and putting him wise.iWHY NOT PUBLISH IT?When you want a fact to becomegenerally known, the right way is topublish it. Mrs. Joseph Kalians,Peru, Ind., was troubled with belch-ling, sour stomach and frequent headaches. She writes: "I feel it myduty to tell others what Chamberlain's Tablets have done for me. iThey have helped my digestion andregulated my bowels. "Since usingthem I have been entirely well."For sale by all dealers.(oct-adv)The old-fashioned wife who got out jof the house about once .every six jmonths now has a married daughterwuo goes iiome su seiuum tyau sue iur-gets her address.WHAT WOULD YOU DoVThere are many times when one'man questions another's action's andmotives. Men act differently underdifferent circumstances. The question is, what would you do right nowpyou do better than take Chamberlain's Cough Kemedyv it is nigniyrecommended by people who haveused it for years and know its value. Mrs. O. B. Sargent, Peru, Ind.,says, "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is worth -its weight in gold andI take pleasure irr recommending it."For sale by all dealers.(oct-adv)In lots of homes where the familyconsists of a canary, a poodle and aflock of goldfish, the husband's petname for his wife is "Mother."FOR RENT.Two office rooms over DepositBank, lately occupied by Dr. Clara B.Mathews. Apply to undersigned.(29-tf) DEPOSIT BANK.PUBLIC SALEOFLIVEHaving decided to quit the dairybusiness, I will sell my entire 20 head ofJersev milch cows at public outcry onTUESDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1914,at 10 o'clock a. m., on the W. H. McMillan farm, on the Cynthiana pike,about three miles from Paris.These cows are all extra good, in fullflow of milk, most of them with calvesby side. Also, four Jersey heifers, oneextra Jersey bull, four extra goodgrade yearling steers, eight 150-poundhogs, one sow and nine pigs about 2months old.1 bay horse, 8 years oil;X sorrel mare, 5 years old ;1 3-year-old mare in foal to jack;1 mule colt:1 yearling: mare mule, extra good: .1 2-year mare mule, extra good 'TERMS-Sums ' of 25 and undercash; sums over thafamount, -fourmonths, negotiable notes.DOC HARRIS,Paris, Kv."srrrm -n. n-n-r-. . .,- . ... v"vji:jv. u. orjinv.riO, .uciiuueer.v-.- rat-y- &3&ezrr&?amFz?1 &9mm&xrrtTmmm2aF$wsmmAre "Danger" Signals" -the human system's method of giving wining that the blood has become impoverished and circulatioa poor.In this condition the human body is almost powerless to reiut tbmore serious illness; Don't delay. You needDR. PIERCE'SGolden Medical DiscoveryIt gets to work immediatplv nf tViA Roaf nf rmny tmUir. 4-u ti...It lends a helping hand. JHelps to digestvfc r-w. .. wmmuuuD. i'uuu i3 properly assunuacea waturned into rich, red blood. Every organ is strengthened and every tkeuere-vitalized. ' ,,Made from roots taken from our great American forests. Try thkremedy now. Sold by Medicine Dealers in liquid or tablet form or send 50cto Dr. Pierce's Invalids Hotel, Buffalo, N. Y., for trial box...... .. fxm cuim te eoipiele "Medical Adviser f lm vues-ctolhbewd-lree-ky seatfiag Dr. Ptarcc 31c f r wrapping Sad uUJiig!the DifferencePaying Cash.save12 pounds Granulated Sugar L 1.$1.00Pure Hog Lard, per pounds 1 5cCoffee, per pound, only 15cPurfe Cider Vinegar. 30cfancy Northern Potatoes, per peck 30cHead Rice, per pound 8 i-3cBroken Rice, per pound .. 5cNew Packed Oats, 3 lb. pkg. 25cLenox Soap, 8 bars for 25c25 pounds White Rose Flour 80c25 pounds Purity or R. C. flour 85cOur terms being strictly cash, thedelivery boy carries change. You maypay at home same as store.iT. C. LEINHUnICCash Grocer. Both Phones 234PARIS GRANDxYlovoOCllins nereDirectWednesday NightLexington. Same Company, Pro-iduction and Prices. ,,PRICES $l.50-$!.G0-?5-25cSeats on Sale Monday at The Alamo.. Expert CarriagePainter.I Mi!, .rercy Hahn, the expert Car-: riage Painter, who has been omploy-j ed by Holiday & Sttle, and also their-i successor,. Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast S yers, has opened a shop at thecorner of Fouth and High. Streets, andsolicits the natronaee of those needf - -the food. Tones up thestesach! ABylpTZk',OPERA HOUSE-Prom the Ben All,.Handsome Resdence For Sale.9.My residence on Mt. Airy ,ij-Jbjtsale. One of the most modent lifim.in Paris. Every conrenianot.. 90 ,pective buyers are invited to-HfpiKr'Apply at this office-flvrx&i -wvw- - T-rkit rn rr nrtimnnc Km-m f c niii.ii iiiiiiin!s nrr. 'iwuju'Ui M-' " -tLWF 'x ;- -v .: e .. . i" , ,- ,w ;:-,v" ?--:),' . V. ' -tx.- vv;': 'f';-:.;-" -iV-r- w-- - - v-J4X381.-jrHVT3ifiPP? rc: , i . .-v" pXPAWS KENTOCmr, OCfDBf T31914ferrhM-.' mtegaajMiiMMeBaegsaBaaiJF .. hi, miiimiNim iiiiiiirniinimmHiniTT; ffiffHS.I Wol Wile & Co: 1s i :m: o ist ' srfformerly JCmufmanj Straus Sc Co,DxmgtonANNOUNCE THE ARRIVAL OF A LARGE NUMBER OFBRAND NEW MODELS IN1 TAILORED SUITSFOR WOMEN AND MISSES.Broadcloths, Gabardines and WoolPoplins, $25, $30, $35, $40, $50. .New Afternoon and Street Dressesin combinations of velvet and serge and satin$15 to $25;New Coatsfor street, motor and evening wear, in large and mediumplaids, broadcloths, mixtures and Bayedere cloths$7.50 to $25;New Blouses. .in lace, velvet, satin crepe de chine and plaids; also a freshnew line of lingerie blouses.Silk and Lace Blouses $3.85 to $15.004 Washable Lace Blouses $1.50 to $5.00Si44" CASSIDY. ' 'Mr. William Cassidy, a formerresident of Nqrth Middletown, Jied athis home in Ruddles Mills, Thursday,of the infirmities of old age. Mr.Cassidy came to Paris on a businesstrip Monday and upon his return wastaken suddenly ill. He grew steadilyworse, resulting in death Thursdaymorning. The remains were interredin the North Middletown cemeteryFriday.STEWART.J. M. Stuart, a resident of Connorsville, Ind., while on a visit to hisbrother-in-law, Patrolman John Ballard, in Winchester, was suddenlystricken with Bright disease Thursday night, and was rushed to a Lexington Iiospital, where he died Fridaymorning. He is survived by his wifeand one daughter. Mr. Stewart was abrother of Mr. Alfred Stewart, of thiscounty. The body was interred in theWinchester cemetery Saturday morn-,ing.HENRY.Mr. James B. Henry, who fellfrom a scaffold while at work on atobacco barn on the B. B. Marshfarm several weeks ago, sustaining internal injuries, died at the MassieMemorial Hospital Saturday afternoon at four o'clock. The remainswere taken to Cynthiana yesterday incharge of undertaker Geo. R. Davis,for interment in the Cynthiana cemetery.Paris Kentucky.l-Jluthentic jfiall fashionsiI &or the Weil Dressed WomanJust fL little of your time spent in our Coat and Suit Department will unfold many charming and novel conceits atprices that will surprise you. vWe are showing a magnificent collection of New TailoredSuits for Ladies, Misses and Juniors the season's verylatest fashions.Don't miss seeing our line of Coats for Ladies, Misses,"Juniors and Children, embracing every new style .and fabricthat will be used this winter.RELGOUSThere was no preaching in thelocal churches Sunday, morning orevening, in order tnat the congregations might attend the evangelisticservices at the Tabernacle. Thecommunion of the Lords' Supper wasadministered at the Christian Churchjust after the conclusion of the Sunday School.Mr j. t. martin hurt.WOLF, WILE & CO.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Kentuckyt!While crossing Main street, nearEighth, Saturday, Mr. J. T. Martin wasknocks ddown and painfully injuredby a delivery wagon. Mr. Martin andthe driver of the wagon were lookingin opposite directions when the collision occurred. Mr. Martin was unconscious for a while, but was able to goto his home."THE YELLOW TICKET."mm i"i'i"i'i'j'i'';'C''M''i'C'i':iMM.4i.M' 4i..it.Hi'y Trying to conceal the fact that they Once in a while you find a bachelorare jpoor is what keeps most men who imagines that he he has as many-poor. troubles as a married man.Once in a while a pretty man man- Some of the Reformers seem to images to earn a living in spite of the agine that the only good men besidesldicap. themselves are the dead men.''At times during the perfomanceof 'The Yellow Ticket' I felt a verystrong impulse to rise up and shoutsome very fervid denunciations uponth system as so vividly portrayedtherein. Believe me to be,"Faithfully yours,"RICHARD GOTTHEIL,"Professor Columbia University,"THE BEST HEATER AND RANGEGet the New Process Gas Rangeand Heater, from the leading stoveman.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Charming Silk and SatinDressesExclusive models in Basque and Redingateeffects, stylishly, trimmed. Colors Russiangrey, new blue, plum, brown, navy andFashionable SergeDressesBasque and Redingate Models, correctlymade, perfect fitting; in all the new ..shades.Messaline and CrepePetticoatsIn all the leading shades.Skirts,The latest' Fall Styles, finelytailored, madeof Serge, Cheviots and Crepes.WaistsIn the newest models and a wonderful variety. Flowered Chiffons, Roman striped,plain colored Crepe de Chine, Messaline Netsand Eaces.Also, Crepes, Noiles and Batistes in Yesteeeffects.MillineryTailored Styles and Trimmed Hats, embodying the latest authentic styles, "shapes,shades, trimmings and effects at prices astonishingly reasonable.We have a complete line of Maish Laminated Cottont Down Comforts, Fine Blankets, Table Linen, (Napkins andTowels, Etc.t We are sole agents for Eiff el , Brand Hosiery, IMunsingt Underwear and Warner's Rust Proof Corsets.i -PARIS, KENTUCKYHARRY SI MO INXXWHAT ONE LETTER DID.the-EMBRY & CO.-'t.S. "- THIS WEEKSPECIAL DISPLAY:f' Of The LatestrJMILLINERY (SLOPES- New Dress jr Hats For cAfternoonand Evening Wear. Fresh Modelsjust out will be shown for thefirst time this week.- XX. XYOUR INSPECTION ISINVITED!a"r::::i,-.iEmbrjr C&, Go.. "VcWajn Street, East.Lexington; Ky.X V&mHWalking down Main streetother day with a well-known businessman, the News man's attention wascalled to a printed sign on the showwindow at Baldwin Bros.' meat mar-1ket which had evidently once read,"Home Killed Meats," but which hadbeen changed by some mischeviousperson rubbing out one letter whichmade it read, "Home Killed Eats.""I was in Louisville not long ago,"said the business man, "and whilewalking down Market street I saw asign in the window of an old buildingthat had apparently once- read 'EatI Friend's Oats.' But T)y altering thefirst letter of the last word and takingone lettercjut of the second word somewag hadonade it react 'Eat Fried Cats.'"It reminded me of the prank played in the old City School in Paris,away back in the days -when Prof.Puckett was principal, in which heneatly turned the trick on the villagecut-up, instead of being made thesufferer. - ""The old school was then a sort ofco-educational institution, the boysand girls being seated together. Onemorning Prof. Puckett ha.d written inchalk on the blackboard a noticewhich read, 'Owing to an indisposition I am jmable to attend to myclasses this morning.' As all'the oldbovs who attended the old school willrecall Frank Terry was one of the J yellowwags and was continually in mischief.On this particular morning Frank wasone of the earliest arrivals, and wjienhe caught sight of that notice hepromptly stepped up to the board andrubbed out the letter 'c' from theword 'classes.' The notice then read'Owing to an indisposition I am unableto atted to my lasses this morning.'"Prof. Puckett recovered rather unexpectedly and upon returning to hisclass room about an hour later hap-1 A J-T , 1-1 j- y1 tT rt 1 1penea to fiance up ay uio uiaftuuttiuand saw the sign. Stepping up to theboard he took up the rubber anderased the '1' from the word 'lasses'in the notice, and the sign then read'Owing to an indisposition I am unableto attend to my 'asses' this morning.'"There were no further alterations,and the fact that Prof. Pucketf was agiant in stature, being over six feetin height, and built like a gladiatormade the boys accept the situation,and let the notice read as it was."THEATRGAL.Columbia Theatre.Wednesday, Oct. 14, "The MillionDollar Mystery." Episode 14 Tracked by the Secret Service Desperate,the "Black Hundred" determine upona bold plan to rid the Home of Mystery of Jones, Floence and everyone in it so they can carefully huntevery npok and corner for the $1,000,000. Jones discovers one of them hiding counterfeit money in the library.Cunningly, the "Black Hundred" inform the Chief of the Secret Service.Norton cleverly discovers the scheme;he enlists the aid of the Secret Service. The dictaphone, the police andthe ever-resourceful Norton bringabout flight, pursuit and the thrillingadventure in the den of the counterfeiters. Another picture will -be shown entitled, "The Price Paid," in two parts.A timely subject dealing with politicalgraft and its penalty. (adv)Seats for "The Yellow Ticket"went on sale at the uox office of theAlamo Theatre yesterday. This is theplay which A. H. Voods produced atthe Eltinge Theatre, New York City,where it has just conqluded a run ofan entire year. The story of "TheTicket" deals with the pres-OT1CE!BOURBON COUNTY COURTent status and treatment of the Jewsin Russia. The heroine, Marya Varenka, otherwise Anna Mirrell, is ayoung and beautiful Jewessr who isforced to apply for "The Yellow Ticket," Russia's official license to fallenwomen", in order to leave the "Paleof Settlement," so that she may visither dying father in St. Petersburg. Inthe Kingdom of the Czar, Jews are restricted to "life within the Pale.""There are three acts in the MichaelMorton play which is said to be amost powerful arraignment of Governmental prejudice. "Aerated Milk.Why will you pay five cents formilk when you can get the bestmilk in the market for four cents?Phone us at the Woodlawn Dairy.Home Phone 79; E. T. Phone 540.R. F. COLLIER,'Woodlawn Dairv.Moctl3-tf) Phones, Home 79; E. T. 540.GREAT BARGAIN.Lexington Daily and Sunday LeaderFour Months By Mall For OnlyOne Dollar. 'The Lexington Daily and SundayLeader will be sent to new subscribersby mail for FOUR MONTHS for onlyONE DOLLAR.This offer is for new subscribers onlywho get their jpaper by mail and ismade in order to introduce The Leaderin new homes. -The Leader is an up-to-date dailypaper, with all the latest news of thewar, markets, politicsT etc., by telegraph. Enclose a paper dollar in aletter and send it tovThe LexingtonLeader, Lexjngton, Ky.,,and get a realIn the Matter of OscarHughs, &cON PETITIONNotice of ElectionNotice, is hereby given under a judgment and order of the Bourbon CountyCourt entered in the above styled proceeding, an order was entered in thesaid Court directing an election to beheld in Flat Rock voting precinctsNumber One and Two; upon the following question: JAre you in favor of making it unlawful for cattle or any species thereof torun at large on the public highwayand unenclosed land of Flat Rock Magesterial district, "composed of FlatRock voting Precinct No. 1 and FlatRock voting Precinct No. 2?Said election -will be held on Tuesday. November 3rd. 1914. at the regular election to be held on that date.Witness my hand, this 9th day ofOctober, 1914. - M-W. F. TALBOTT,A lady's breast pin. Owner canobtain same by calling at Frank &Co.'s store, proving property and paying charges. (it)NOTICEBOURBON COUNTY COURTIn the Matter of Jas.Fisher, Sic. 'ON PETITIONNotice of Election!Notice is hereby given under a judgment ana order of the Bourbon CountyCourt entered in the said Court directing an election to be held in Ruddles Mills voting precincts NumberOneand Two, upon the following question: Are you in favor of making it unlawful for cattle or any species thereofto run at large on. the public highwayand unenclosed land of Ruddles MillsMagisterial district, composed of Ruddles Mills voting Precinct No. 1 andRuddles Mills voting Precinct No. 2?Said election will be held on Tuesday.November 3, 1914, at the regularelection to be held on that date.Witness ray hand "ttfis 9th day ofpctober, 1914:W. F.. TALBOTTBoucbon Cfcimfey.,.;,! live ilgpublican, daily neivspaper -atrial- ., Sheriff of Bourbon- County.-. Sheriff of B. vv - -". " meiWialf pr . ,.-(13-2t) (octl3-3O-23-30r " 4 " -&- fl33-S0)-rv:lvvjv&"$fJ3?x .vi.SAVE PENALTY.,The time is aboutup for paying CityTaxes. Pay NOW andsave 1 O per cent penalty. BOX SUPPER.There will be a box supper at BurrisSchool House on Friday, Oct. 16. Everyone cordially invited.NEW PROCESS HEATER.MffWELet the New Process Gas Heaterdo vour heating. Sold byA. F. WHEELER & CO. .MODERN DANCING.Edith Alexander Bronston and RayGetty, instructors in modern dancing.Studio, Phoenix Hotel, Lexington.Phone 1900. Class and private instruction. Private entertainers.Hours, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. 'BUSINESS CHANGE.Mr. James Elliott has purchased theinterest of his partner, Mr. MarionHall, in the livery and feed stable, onPleasant street, and will conduct thebusiness in the future, Mr. Hall retiring from the firm.PEARS FOR PRESERVING.We have nice pears for preserving.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.COTTAGE SOLD.:,Ir. Edward H. Gorey sold to Mr.Frank P. Walker a one-story framecottage on West Seventh street, inthe Gorey Addition to Paris at a private price. The property was purchased by Mr. Walker as an investment for renting purposes.MASTER'S SALE.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Saturday at public sale at the court housedoor for Master Commissioner Chas.A McMillan the old base ball groundsin White Addition, the former homeof the Paris team of the Blue GrassLeague, to Mr. James Daugherty., for$1,606.5.00 FOR S1.00.For a few days only, we sell a $5.00Durham Duplex Razor complete with ! tQDu'llie fury of the voman whogets into trouble and sees hername in the papers is as noth-ing compared with the scornof the woman who jives aparty and finds that her nameis not printed in the papers.Moral Send us the newsand see that we get it.Mrs. Savage, of Sioux City, Iowa,is the guest of friends in this city.Mr. Marvin Mitchell, of Eearlintr-ton, Ky., is a guest of Paris friends.Miss Dora. Lurie, of Marion, Indidiana, is. a guest of Mrs. Harry Simon.v Mrs. Young, of Cincinnati, is aguest of Mrs. Henry May, in this city.-Mrs. W. W. Judy has , returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Vevay,Ind.Misses Lonne and Ollie Butlerare at home from a month's visit inNew York.Mr. hJon Barbee, of JacksonMiss., is visiting friends in Paris andin the county.Miss Sarah Gibson has returnedto her home in Cynthiana, after a visitto friends in Paris.Mr. U. S. G. Pepper, of Huntington, W. Va., is visiting relatives inthis city and county. , "Mrs. Frank P. Campbell and' little son have returned from a visitto relatives in Cincinnati.Miss Nancy Griffith left Friday tospend several days with Mrs. PowellBosworth, at Lexington.Mrs. E. P. Clark has returnedfrom a visit to her mother, Mrs. Calvin Maupin, in Richmond.Misses Anna and Bird Hite, of Louisville, are guests of Mrs. Roy Clendenin, on Cypress street.Mr. Jesse Owens has gone toHuntington, W. Va , to accept a .posi-'tion in the railroad service.Mrs. John B. Northcott has returned from a two-months' visit to hermother, in Jefferson, Ohio.Mr. S. E. Borland, who has beenseriously ill for several weeks, wasable to be at his store yesterday.Dr. Ben Frank, of New York City,is a guest of his brothers, B. A. andRobt Frank, and families.Mrs. P. A. Thompson and sister,Miss Mary Ross, have returned froma visit to friends in Lexington.Miss Mabel Arnold has returnedfrtm a visit to her garndmother, Mrs.Belle Austin, in Lancaster, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. Mlgar Cason havereturned to their home at Berry, aftera visit to relatives in this county.Mrs. J. T. Wallingford, who" hasbeen a" guest of Mrs. W. F. Talbott,has" returned to her home in Coving-TWO ALARMS FRIDAY Nt!lXiv; ir ucfAnimtrii iuotT Lighted trochesinHne hands of. twoworkmen who were repairing an engine at the plant of the Murray &j Thomas Marble and Granite Works,vonl South Main etrpiaf TPrirlmr nitrht nana-Jjed a passerby to turn in an alarm.from Box 33. Thu department reJjsponded, but found no fire.r;.;iiiii!Hthe department was called to the homeof Mrs. James Wilcox, in the RosedaleAddition, where fire of an unknownorigin, had burned a large hole in thekitchen floor. The fire was extinguished by Mr. Wilcox and others before the arrival of the department.Fire, wind and lightning Insurance. Thomas & Woodford.STREET FLOODED BYHEAVY FALL OF RAIN.ELATION LAW VIOLATORINED.AND DISFRANCHISED.l - vV, ' f , 'W. D7l JSleddcolored, who was arrested onra charge of purchasing registration certificates from prospectivecolored voters, was tried before ajury in Judge McMillan's Court' Friday. After hearing the evidence andstatements of counsel, the jury returned a verdict of guilty and fined him$50 ancT costs and disfranchisement forthree years. At the conclusion of thecase Sledge swore out a warrant forWalton Fields, whom he claims sworefalsely to losing his certificate in orderto get another. Sledge's " bondsmenwere C. P. Cook and J. Simms WilML dMrdj - ,2. - i .,,-TC , - - , 'vrOirrasra y r y-rc.For a period of about thirty minutesSaturday afternoon 'Paris was visitedby the heaviest rainfall lor manymonths. From 3:30 to'1 4:00 p. m. .57inches of rain fell, which was theheaviest precipitation -this section experienced since the excessive rain ofJune 4 Farmers throughout the counrty report considerable damage to freshplowed fields, the rain falling insheets that washed the ground inmany places. Uncut fields of latecofn and sorghum were laid low by agale of wind that prevailed, followingthe rain. ,HOW. TO SAVE MONEY.ATTENTION, ODDFELLOWS.Friday night will beI. O. O. F. night at theTabernacle. Ail members requested tomeet at lodge roomat 7 o'clock. 2taBuy a New Process Gas Heaterand Range, fromA. F. WHEELER & CO.BUYS BOURBON FARlVI.Mr. W. F. Chappell, of the RuddlesMills neighborhood, sold Friday toMr. Jesse Hill, of Harrison county, hisfarm of 52 acres of land at $160 peracre, one half or more to be paidMarch 1, 1915, when possesion is given and the balance in one year at 6per cent interest.50c Dackase ot Diaaes ror lmm. rnisi; not the cheap demonstrator, but a?5.00 outfit. Come early, as we haveonly a few.'VARDEN & SON,(12-2t) Druggists.COLUMBUS DAY OBSERVED.ATTENTION, ODDFELLOWS.Friday night will beI. O. O. F. night at theTabernacle. All members requested .tomeet at lodge -roomat 7 o'clock.2tFor Sale,acresAbout 350 shocks corn; 75bluegrass furnished to feed on.J. M. RUSSELL,East Tennessee Phone 690.(octmtf)UNI CENTRAL IYesterday was a legal holiday byState enactment, it being "ColumbusDay," being so named and celebratedin honor of the great discoverer ot iueAmerican Continent. The banks wereclosed, this being the only public recognition of the day."COMEDIAN" ARRESJED.Chief of Police Woolums, of Gerogetown, came to Paris, Friday, and returned to Georgetown with LouisDaly, colored, one of the "comedians" who have been zibiting with amedicine show here this week. DalyAas placed under arrest here on awarrant chaiging him with robbing arailroad man in Georgetown last Mayof $80. n.-TO FARM IN SPENCER COUNTY.Mr. Clay Sutherland left Sundaymorning for a four-months' tripthrough the South in the interest ofhis firm.Mrs. R. M. Hopkins and son, Robert, of Covington, are guests of Mr.nnrl ATrs. Thomas Helm Clav. onEighth street. jTIip Ynnnsr Toadies' Mission Circle , 1of the Christian Church will meet this : fCp INIIRANfJR Cft Zafternoon at three o'clock with Mrs. J. . WJ ill Julanwti VU.O. Marshall, on Second street. j " 'Dr. Harry Mathers left last night I ,j for Chicago to attend a meeting of jthe National Dental Association,which convenes in special session inMiss Maggie White, formerly ofParis, who has been a guest of MrsMaria Lyons and other Paris friends,has returned to her home in Coving-; t,ton. I"T?c?? T5q11i "Rrotif Alovanilor ic: vie. ?.U103 iJ&llV XJlUiib .xiv.Luimv fc- iiwiting Mrs. Uhe J. Howard, in CovinMr. George W. Ellis, who recentlypurchased a farm near Taylorsville,in Spencer County, will move to hisT,i,ncn oVimifr "Tnrrli 1. 1915. and willilSriTiAii locf TTroHnnoflov lixr iTdispose of his residence property "i," m tt- T i VParis The farm which Mr. Ellis j Mrs. E. T. Hmton, at their homeStrongest Company.Lowest Net Rate.I Miss Kale AlexanderAGENTton. Mrs. Alexander will go to Martinsville, Ind., for a short stay, accompanied by Mrs. Howard.Mrs. Swift Champe will leave j fj)Thursday for a visit to her daughter, 1 JLI Miss Frances Champe, who is attend-ing school at Staunton, Va. She willalso visit friends in Philadelphia and 'New York before returning home.The members of the Ham-Ramsey 'evangelistic party and the pastors of fthe local churches were entertained atand XI ALSO SOLICITFire, Winde2 ic i. - X f , ? HVf h ' S -? i " HB vT? 1 '" 4?Zf pi K, Hm. , .... if ' V BBBflBWJiliB '"B '""" BBBfllBTTrwiAijJ 9 r 'SBBBStK i-I I r I .vaavuSBBBPbbbbSxJIbbbbbbbbbbv3IRONTONTHE KING OFHEATERS.GASPrices $9.08 to $9.00The Clarke's Remedies. ,We now own all the patents an d copyrights , of the lateBnChas. J. Clarke. Dr. TFpington will continue to put up theae reliable remedies under the original Glarke formula and we. will shave them in stock at all times.Among the best kno'wn are Clarke's Nerve Ease, Clarke's Toic; Clarke's Face Powder, Parisine Cream, Clarke's Tooth Wash,and Clarke's Cough Medicine. 'Also the following Poultry and Live Stock Remedies: ClarkeVLimberneck and Roup Rem edyv Clarke's Liquid Poultry Toaie, 'Clarke's Gape Remedy, Condition Powder for Stock, and Clarke'sHog Remedy. xWe want to supply these preparations to their many old friendsand know they are deserving of new friends. We recommekdespecially Clarke's Nerve Base for headache, and neuralgia, andClarke's Limberneck and Roup Remedy for Poultry disorders.These preparations have all been thoroughly tested and hareproven their merit. fYour prescriptions accurately filled.IThe Ardery Drug CaClarke's Old Stand.S''i''MItOtlCttlMMiiiiiii.Thomas, Woodfordl' & BryanFIRE, WIND AND- LIGHTNINGINSURANCEON- TOBACCO AND BARNS.Including Installation, Satisfaction guaranteed always.IIPROMPT SETTLEMENTS.(Incorporated)' .AA.VT..yAAiAi.tAi.iAAiiu4.JiiA.A"m II iii.iii II 1 in i in in ibought contains 130 acres of splendidlarming lands, lying on the Louisvillepike, and contains a modern brick10-idence, with stock and tobaccoLarn and other improvements. 3tfr.Ullis paid 70 per acre for the farm.TOUCHED!John Jones, a laborer in the employe of Mr. George Doyle, on theGeorgetown pike, laid away his shoveliad hoe Friday and came to town toe the sights. He succeeded so well"a "seeing something" that when heawoke on the cold -bosom of MotherEarth, near the Water Works pumpcfaHnvi c"3nrfinv morning, he had alarge able bodied headache and and avaccum in his pocket in wmcuhad reposed the night before.LET'S HAVE IT!onIinsi-Brir-.-wa.wSGOThe Washington. Marine Band, theofficial band of the United States,which plays at all social functions andofficial Government receptions held atthe White House, is arranging a concert tour of the United States and haswritten to Lexington for a date.Here's a chance for some enterprising Parisian to pick up some coinbybringing the organization here. As isknown to be a fact Paris people highlyappreciate good music, and the attenuance upon former occasions when suchnotable attractions as the Ellery Baivu,Sousa's Band, The Kilties, New lorKMarine Band, and others, of equallyhigh class, demonstrates the fact thatue are a "music-loving people.Some promoter who has the. nerve,the push and the ability, can bringthese attractions to Paris and be assured of financial returns and the satisfaction of having given our peoplesomething good in the music line.SAVE YOUR COAL BILLS.When you'get ready to lay in yourwinter coal we can save you money.Phones 386.(li-tf ) -v J: H. BATTBRTPN.Pleasant street.Mr. and, Mrs. Stanope Wiedemannhave returned from their wedding tourand are now visiting Mrs. Wiedemann's parents, in Fayette Park, atLexington. They will return soon totake up their resiGencse at Mr. I ..TVrinrJomonn o form noar tliics oifv .Wincheser Sun: "Mr. Chas. R.Hill, of Paris, representing the Improved Manufacturing Co., of Cleveland, O., was a visitor in this city Friday Prof. A. H. Morehead, ofParis, was in Winchester, Friday, toorganize a concert class."Miss Marguerite Douglass entertained Friday evening" with a dinnernartv in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Douglas Thomas. The guests were Mr. and jMrs. Mrs. Thomas, Misses GertrudeSlicer and Nell Mitchell and Messrs.Marvin Mitchell, of Earligton, MillerRnrnsLw and Marion Douglass."Mrs. J. W. Barnett and daughters, jMrs. Bdwara unaney ana .urs. AeiuaTerry, of Paris," have returned fromWinchester, where they attended afamily reunion Friday in honoi: of theeighty-ninth birthday anniversary ofMrs. Barnett's mother, Mrs. ElizabethBerry. .Cynthiana Log Cabin : Mrs.Alary Reese, of Paris, is visiting herdaughter, Mrs. Willie Eckler MissSarah Gibson has returned from avisit to friends and relatives' in Paris.Mrs. Kiser Smith and daughter," ofParis, were guests of Miss L.ueuaTebbs this week."Mrs. c. "S. Ball entertained withan informal tea Friday afternoon incompliment of her cousin, Mrs. W. R.Graham, of Bluefield, West Virginia.The home was attractively decoratedin nasturtiums, snapdragons and cosmos, and refreshments of tea, sandwiches, confections and almonds wereserved. The hostess was assisted inentertaining by Mrs. Amos Turney,Jr Mrs. Jesse Turney and MissesMary Allen Hutchcraft, Charlina Ball,Agnes Turner, Alberta Moffett and Livina Layson. '.About sixty guestsdropped in during the hours to meetthe attractive guest of honorv(Othar Personal oruPage 8.) -i V v-;I and-will greatly appreciateyour consideration.S iMISS KATE ALEXANDER.$To Help -YouREMEMBER!4.eeee$oSQ903eo3&9ft$s3$3&&3ecefteosaac99a4mmOur memorandum books,or rather, one of them,would serve to remindyou of whatever you arelikely to forget. Whenyou spend a dollar, set itdowe. - When you lend adollar, set it down. Whatever you do to use upmoney, set it down. People who set things downare winners.Our Vest Pocket Memorandum Books are easyto carry 5c to 35c. Wehave the bigger books,indexed and plain allsorts, sizes and prices.Take a look at our window. Peoples PharmacyffiM$Mw$ht$Pike MmSL ,Cw v f'"" "v vt Muma u0tfos:w2m;s2r.V' - m9? -, mmi homePARIS, KY..Poyle Buifding Stlwand. Main."WatchOur Windowsr"- .ThereforeThat which you'buy should be worth buying. We useevery endeavor to keep a stock of theVery Best 'v Furniture, Rugs,'Wall Papersand willJbe much pleased to have YOU come anjd- uv- ivestigate. We handle nothing second hand. .THE J. T. HINT0N COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36Undcrtaking-Ambsilancc-Wood MantelsMcDougaJ Kitchen Cabinets.YPoster Bros. Safety Crtom. m-'JyfcVAT-alSIBHlBKflSSHm?AmfcOS9p9&dtiNetf Directory'SEGAN&UUrmffiWrjrC!W5 Jfm!'Home Telephone CompanyfcrRevenue Men Seize Moonshiners'Tiny Outfit in Ozarks.ser3?MPiHraMr uimw i ifMi" wmwwr"iz 7ww7t .J. - " - I i . , t . " v - w4. " -. , ?Vi. i. - i vi .iBii mms mf aiwi -j - t - ,...M HrK H Hy MS 11 HIKIIHI f- 5 fl U ;EEJWHOB7WPBRltAtT MAWi iiiu !- lu'uiitLii ii iiiviriiiiinin i: im ii i .MMarwjm viiv jhuuvc wmS3& I " - " " Ff WfcBlB' 1 ' ' i W mmm- m w w . ,. ta-- T 'V- , , . S " -.-- , -- i-kAvyiJ 'W w .STOMACH4 art i (' " j WlMP . zJnfc.bUUMG?v'The Paris Home Telephone and Telegraph Company are nowcompiling the data for their new Telephone Directory, which will'contain the largest list of subscribers and advertisers 'since theurbanization of the Company.The new Directory will go to press about October 1, and ifyou desire good telephone service at fair rates, your name shouldappear in this book. v 'Call Manager's office, 427. Do it now.Cbe Paris Rome Celepbone and Cekgrapb Co, (Incorporated)J J. VEATC,H, District Manager.CHAS. B. HARRIS, CaifeJcrJBell TelephoneBulletinsrviwz.. nFTHE WORK OF THE OPERATORThe telephone operator is trained to give quick and accurate serTice. That is what the public paysfor and expects ; it isvhat we arejn business to furnish. It is impossible, we realize, to attain perfection. "We do employ every reasonable means Imown to the art ofxelephony to approximate perfection. There are inevitable "rushcs m emergencies which even13JS& carejul provision and supercision will not care for in a perfect manner. But ich emergenies are, and should be, of rare 15ccurrence. "We do give efficientservice and if you will hold a stopwatch in your hand you will findthat thelspace of time which seemslike minutes to you is only a verylew seconds.During certain hours of the daythe load on the switchboard, thatis the number of calls, is abnormally large. These rush periodsare known as "busy hours" andwejajce the precaution, in ad;Vance, to prepare ior these rushesof business. There is nevar atime, except when some unusualand unexpected event happens,that an operator ever has more("than she can do.iWhen you turn the crank a"drop" falls in front of the operator. This is the signal that a ffib-If Cross, Feverish, Constipated,"California Syrup ofFigs."GiveV 'ADon't scold your fretful, peevishchild". See if tongue is coated; this isa sure sign its little stomach, liverand bowels are clogged with sourwaste,When listless, pale, feverish, full ofcold, breath bad, throat sore, doesn'teat, sleep or a,ct naturally, has stomachache, indigestion, diarrhoea, give ateaspoonful of. "California Syrup ofFigs," and in a few hours all the foulwaste, the sour bile and fermentingfood passes out of the bowels and youhave a well and playful child again.Children love this harmless "fruitlaxative' and mothers can rest aftergiving it because it never fails tomake their little "insides" clean and;sweet. iKeep it handy, Mother! A littlegiven to-day saves a sick child tomorrow, but get the genuine. Askyour druggist for a 50-cent bottle of"California Syrup, of Figs," which hasdirections for babies, children of allages and for grown-ups plainly on thebottle. Hemember there are counterfeits sold here, so surely look andsee that yours is made by the "California Fig Syrup Company." Handback with contempt any other figEvery girl wuld like to have a bigchurch wedding if she didn't have tolive with some nasty man after theexciting ceremonies were ended,Weighing Only a Few Pounds, It OftenWas Carried From Place to Placeby One Man and Hidden Tin Woods.They are all white rags to a manwhen they are hanging on a, clothesline. But to a woman they represent$1.59, $1.98, $1.19, 39 cents and 49cents.HOPELESS?'l. jLUNGTROUBLECURED.?r l tyi tention JJtwo' or three "drons" fail sinml-dropifaheously she answers them as rapidly as she can reach then). Tfthere are an unusual number ofcalls before a particular operatorthe operator on each side handlessome of them. So there is no possibility of any calls being Jfirglected or overlooked.Many recoveries from LungTroubles are due to Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey.It strengthens theLungs, checks the Cough and givesrelief at once. Mr. W. S. Wilkins,Gates, N. C, writes: "I used Dr.Bell's Pine-Tar-Honev in a casegiven up as hopeless and it effecteda complete cure." Get a bottle ofDr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey and ifyour cough is dry and hacking le ittrickle down the throat, you willsurely get relief. Only 25c at yourDruggist. M ., ;. ' " ' (oct-adv)CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYINCORPORATEDYou can tel from the looks of agirl's hair that she she washes ittwice a week. But from the looks ofher ebows aw, go ahead and finisrthis one yurself.APPLY SLOAN'S FREELYFOR THE LUMBAGOL. & N. TIME-TABLESo.13434297104037312-332625913838589832131No134. 4"&97S3y 6aeatHEffective 5 a.m. October 4, 1914.TRAINS ARRIVEFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily T... .'. 5.30 a mLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.23 a mCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.... 7.35 a mMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 a roRowland, Ky., Daily" Except Sunday . 7.36 a mLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. '. 7.40 amCincinnati, O., Daily .,., 9.40 a wMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . .A r 10.00 a mLexington, Ky.. Daily 10.10 amCincinnati, O., Daily v 10.15 a ruLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -.. - 12.00 m -Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. .". : . fTy. .... 3.10 p mMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .J & Vs 3-1 p mLexington, Ky. , Daily - 3.26 p mKnoxville, Tenn, Daily :. . . . . ...... v,. ...... w . 3.28 p mMaysville, Ky , Daily . .y. ?. . . ! . . 5135 p mCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sundayr. .".'.. ...... ?. . ....". 5.55 p mLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday & 30 p noJacksonville, Fla., Daily .'.,. 6.30 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10.40 p roTRAINS DEPARTTOCincinnati, O., Daily 5.35 a mJd&ysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.30 a nLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 a-nsCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday . 7.45 a mMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .. . . .,.v. . i . 7.45 a mLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 9.43 a mKnoxville, Tenn, Daily 9.46 a roJacksonville, Fla.. Daily .. 10 20 amLexington, Ky , Daily 10.18 a reMaysville, Ky., Daily 12.05 p mCynthiana, KyM Daily Except Sunday : 12.04 pLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday !.. :. ,3:30 pmCHncinnwti', O., Daily ..... r-'....." 3.35pmwlMkl, Ky., Dally Except Sunday 6.02 p mfc Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.- 6.00 pmCincinnati, O, Daily :....t..: 6 35pmMaysville, Ky , Daily Except Sunday 6.18 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.45 p nr'AtlanU, Ga., Daily ., 10.48 pmLexington, Ky, Daily , ..;. 10.47pmF. Sc C. TIME-TABLETRAINS ARRIVE!M. FROM.J Jteankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.40 a n-4 iteamkfort, Ky., " 5.50 p mTRAINS DEIPART- " .TO 9m,xuh,, ix. waiij ,ua.cc)i, tjuuuxyi,. r. . o.zo a mti V ww y uj- Your attacks of Lumbago are notnearly so hopeless as they "seem.You can relieve them almost instantly hy a simple" application ofSloan's Liniment on 'the 'back andloins. Lumbago is a form of rheumatism, and yields . perfectly toSloan's, -which penetrates quickly allin through the sore, tender muscles,limbers up the back and makes itfeel fine. Get a bottle of Sloan's'Liniment for 25 cents of any druggist and' have it in the houseagainst colds, sore and swollenjoints, rhenmatism, neuralgia, stiatica and like ailments. Your moneyback if not satisfied, but it doesgive almost instant relief.(oct-adv)Springfield, Mo. "Old Tuxedo," thewandering still of the Ozark countrymoonshiners, claimed by nobody butzealously guarded by many friendsalong the Big Creek valley in Texascounty, has been captured by JamesCase, deputy internal revenue collector, and arrived in perfect condition inSpripgfield.Tlje still, which ultimately will besold at auction, was located by Caseafter a quiet search of several days,hidden under a bushy fence row nearHartshorn, Texas county,For several years the officers havebeen trying to locate the old still. Itwas familiarly known to the residentsof Texas county, in the little regionwhere the moonshiners had operated,but all -wejre equally ignorant of itswhereabouts. Jhe reason for their ignorance, the revenue officers learned,was that "Old Tuxedo" remained buta short ti.me in one place.The arrest several months ago ofPe"t Barton, indicted by vthe federalgrand jury on a charge of makingwhisky without a license, caused -halt n the moonshine business in thevicinity "of Big Creek and gave theofficers. a hint that Barton might haveI oelsn the latest owner of ''Old Tuxedo." A fermenter had been found inSajo'jijplace by the revenue officers,but hj had stoutly maintained thathe knew ftotnlfrg Qf the whereaboutsof jthe noted stilj.Deputy Collector Case camped inthe vicinity of Big Creek for a fewdays and let it be generally knownthat he was there to stay until "OldTuxedo" was found. Men who hadbeen engaged in the making or sellingof whisky showed signs of fear andoffered to aid the government officerto find the plant.After numerous conferences thestill's location was made known tothe officer, and following the directions of his informers, Collector Casesoon discovered the little "booze"maker in a fence corner. It was covered with shrubbery, buj, was not damaged. "The old still is believed to be themost perfect specimen of the moonBliHersartthatad escaped the revenue officers. Without a flaw, except4agtlie place where the "worm" hasbeen repaired, the still, cap and wormare in perfect condition and could beput to use immediately by an experienced moonshiner.The famous little still weighs only55, pounds It conaists of a copperboiler about as large as an ordinarywash tub. On top rests the copper cap,through which the steam of the whiskyor brandy mash passes into the condensing worm before it is changed into"corn juice" or apple brandy.Tbe manufacture of whisky orbrandy is not difficult and is inexpensive. The completed product canbe sold for 30 cents a gallon. It maybe made from sour meal, apple orpeach vinegar.The still has handles on each sideof the copper boiler and might easilybe moved from place to place by oneman. It is not more than three feethigh, and could be concealed entirelyin a patch of weeds.A man wlio-is too wise t6 imaginethat he can g;et something for nothingfrom a man is always foolish enoughto" imagine that when, a strange woman' smiles at Mm on the street thatshe loves him. 'pa$is intrurbanT schedulep city car only.LVe. Court House.7:10 a m7.45 a m8.1S a m8.45 a m' 9.15va m9.45 a m" 10.15a mf.JL0.45, am.v11.15 a m11.45 a m12:05 p m12.45 p m1.15 p m1.45 p m2.15 p m,2.45 p m3.15 p m3.45 p m4.15 p m5.15 p m5.40 p m6.05 p m6.30 d mP.itv T.imita Onlir.se. T-ve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m-v - 8.30 a in' 9.00 a mA 9.30 a m10.00 a m10:30 a mI. 11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m3.30 p m4.00, p m5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m6.40 p mKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.tnterurban Schedule.iM.isiLeave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 am10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p ru2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m'. 5:00 p m6:00p m7:20 p m. ,9:10 p m11:00 p mDaily exctpt vSunday,Leave Parisfor Lexingtonv 6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 am9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50-p m8:15 pm10:05 p,mONCE RICH MAN NOW BEGGARHis Faro Bank Roll In the KlondikeWas $200,000 in 1898Begged Dime.San Francisco. James Parkhill, onetime owner of a $200,000 bank roll ofthe Bank Exchange faro bank, Dead-wood, S. D., who has the reputation ofmaking-the largest wager on the turnof a single card ever risked in theKlondike region, stood before JudgeDeasy, tattered, unshaveh and broke,charged "with vagrancy.It was in '98 that Parkhill sat in apoker game with "Red" Macintosh,Bill Richards and Frank Hull, all bigmoney men in the Klondike, wbere theceiling was the limit. They were playing in the Pack Train saloon, andParkliil!f who stood $68,000 ahead ofthe game, bantered Hull for a $50,000wager on the turn of the last card.Hull was game. The stakes wereput up. Hull, who had the first turn,turned a queen, and Parkhill lost his$50,000 on a seven spot. He told thecourt that he had toured tha worldsince then, but his life had been agame of up and down, with aboutseven downs to one up.His last stand was in Mexico, Hehad accumulated a bank roll there,but fighting got too clos,e to be interesting, his money was taken from him,and he got across the line with nothing but his life.He was begging for a dime to takehim across the ferry when arrested.When freed by Judge Deasy he said hewould get out of town as quickly as hecouULA New York theatrical man with an income of $25,000a year -went to Wall Street with $20,000 and trippled it.His head was turned in a few months theatres closed income ceased and Wall Street had finished his spare change.The EXTRAVAGANGE his family had been used to soondrove him to the extremity of mortgaging property and sacrificing pet securities. Today he is BROKE.Make OUR bank YOUR bank' - J,We pay 3 per cent, interest onSavings."DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPITAL ....$150,000.00SURPLUS . . . I 3O,00OJ)OSTOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY. - - - 1 50,O0O.QOProtection to Depositors $330,000.00C. K. THOMAS, CashierS. E. BEDFORD, President.aurJall JLinesARE (NOWt -Complete,rKIRSCHBAUM GUARANTEEDCLOTHESS15.00 and $20.00Other Values $10 00 and $12.50,Shoes $2.50 to $5.00. Full Line oBoys' C'othing. Give Us a Call. -T"wFi:rxBrosClothing and Shoe Department.WOLLSTEIIN, Prop.Motor Attack Routed Bull.Crafton, Pa. When he saw a bullchasing Miss Bessie Kauffman, CharlesBoyer, a motorcyclist of this placedrove his machine straight at the animal. It was struck in the side andBoyer was thrown into the gutter.Frightened at the unexpected attachthe bull, fled to a pasture and declinedto renew the attack.' xc .,Jft cMv 11 ,,fffmm Jvmv iiiinumhin .iimMW - .P 2 oqeYUOMtTwin Brno Dom H IkB l'II I III I 111i imi juiuu. juurf ' .FallAnnouncement All the LatestFall Styles inDress Goods,Dry Goods,millinery, Gc.We Can Please You. ' Bargain Prices.KINDLY CALL ATmw nvScventlj'ai Majh Sts. Pwis, K3j ; "r"2.T"V3V- C. ys$:'"j r-.V 5 ,V-- r!f'Jk. FFit x u s.-.A"ft,'sTv'1,Atfjl jfg BOURBON NhWS, PARIS. KEimCKY, OCTOBER 13. Wl4r$'3SH ' !AT'TWESHRINE OFtf'POET'?'It.v'Sii4Emmmmmmm9mmmm-mmm9Is Time For You. to ThinkAbout1 tHEATINGSTOVESWe Have Every Kind of Heating and'CookingStove Made!THE RADIANT HOME---best heater, inthe world.THE CELEBRATED! I WILSON J, GASHEATER.THE O. K. LINE OF COOKING STOVES.H fiTheyhavenoequal.in fact everything from the smallest tothcjlargest. See our line and get ourPrices.Lowry & Talbott................................WALTER MARTINERNEST MARTINI NEW LIVERY STABLE!3:8New Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.Horses Boarded By Day, Week or Month!Hauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Transfer Busi-Our stable3 on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streetplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS.Stables EigthSt, Main St.IBoth PhonesA Heart To Heart Talk!About Values!By.Values we do not mean to sell Sinferior shoes at lower prices, but tosell only the veryJHighestfirade'JFootwearat a.' v-t- .f .-- r. .--., '..Moderate.'Pffce:The Shoes wesell are made well,wear well, lookwell and are most comfortable. ReaShoe Satisfaction in every pair.Feld's Shoe Store.Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon, Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Shareable Pubttc PtiwBarberShopProvencal Otyomen of France HavNew Grace Because MistralSung'" of Them.Paris. Frederic 'Mistral, who diedon March 24, -was of course still aliveat the time of our "visit to Aries, Albert Bigelow Paine writes in the Century. He was the light of modernProvence. We began to realize something of this when we saw the photographs and various editions of hispoems in the windows of Marseillesand Aix, and handbills announcing thecelebration, at St Remy, of the fiftieth anniversary of Gounod's score ofMistral's great poem, "Mireille."But we did not at all realize the fullness of the Provencal reverence for"the master," as they call him, untilwe reached Aries. -To all ProvenceMistral is a god, an Apollo, the "central sun from which other Provencalsingers are as diverging rays." Whatever Mistral has touched is glorified.Provencal women walk with a newgrace because Mistral has sung ofthem. Green slopes and mossy ruinsare viewed through the light of Mistral's song. A Mistral anniversary iscelebrated like a Declaration of Independence or a Louisiana purchase.They have even named a wind afterhim. Or perhaps he was named afterthe wind. Which ever way it Was, thewind has taken second place, and thepeople smile tenderly now, remembering the master, when his name ismentioned.He loved Provence. When he wasawarded the Nobel prize, he forgotthat he might spend it on himself, andbought and restored an old palace,converting it into a museum for Aries:Then he devoted his time and energies to collecting Provencal relics andtoday with its treasures and associations, the place has become a shrine.Provence has produced other notedmen, among them Alphonse Daudet,who was born just over at Nimes, andcelebrated the town of Tarascon withhis "Tartarin." But Daudet went toParis, which was perhaps a sin. Notbut that Provence is proud of Daudethe, too, has a statue, at Nimes butProvence worships Mistral.ENVOY'S WIFE VISITS HOMEMme. Le Febvre de la Boulayo, Wifeof French Diplomat, Is Visitingin Her Native Land.Washington. Mme. Le Febvre de laBoulaye, wife of the second secretaryof the French embassy at Washington,Corner Fourth and MainModern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJ. S. Wallingford, I. D.office oil Sixth Street, 'jBetw;een Main and High, -iSJBMBJBK , jgjgjgjgjiB-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-BJ& - 'VBBBBBflBHflX BBHbbbbV s Nf IIbbbVBBBBBHbi ' ':!BBBhBBBBk;:'-vvbbbbdsBbIbEJb'bBBBBSbBBBBBHbBBkIBeBhuBtisnSHBsaihave won remarkablefavor among stout andmedium women because of their greatstrength they are thestrongest corsets 'made.No matter how clever the,design in producing perfectstyle and. correct lines for anover-stout figure, the wholevalue of such a corset is immediately lost if it lacks thestrength to hold its originalshape. -Rengo Belt corsets are allthat can be desired in style(determine that for yourselfby examination), and theypossess more of lasting,shapeliness than can bepurchased in any othercorset.The new models are now ready.You will find them bonedthroughout with doublewatch-spring steels, guaranteed not to rust.Prices, $2.00, $3:00 and $5.00. For sale byr RANK & GO.BLHLHWilmil Wm LA WX BELT II fX Y IFEATURt L U-BIG BARGAINSfc?2fiiKS'r""Mme. Le Febvre de la Boulaye.and well known as one of the beautiesof the foreign diplomatic" set, is visiting in France.SET HER CAP FOR HUSBANDFactory Girl Wrote Her Name UnderBand and Weds Rich Man InState of Oregon.'1IN HIGH GRADEBTJGK3-IE1Sfor Sixti Day We Will Offer j101 OFF. & -if ."V:'On Our Fine Line OfColumbusBabcock dndlSunbury, Pa. To become the brideof a man she never saw, Miss MaryMcCormick, eighteen years old, tooka 3,000-mile trip to ' Portland, Ore.,where she has wed John O'Donnell, awell-to-do apple grower.More than , year ago. the youngwoman, then employed in a Northumberland cap factory, placed her nameand address under the band of a cap.;O'Donnell got it, and wrote her a letter. She did not answer it.Persistent wooer that he was, hesent his picture next time,, and MissMcCormick took up the correspondence, which resulted in a proposal,'I .U1.-vTTWa1 na:a rL.ijia ...-, .Hi .Post Bros.BUGGIES?1 -;. Mi9 - ;PR CHARD & BALL' . ' - a Fourth and Pleasatit, " .'i,, y Af-r"Li. -1-f7s' JIff" juiiomm.mm yyi , uivasvugocvnU"fi " . .1 k ; ,&r. , ..'j v'i- ; -. ; ,-r . .. . . -, . ..... - - -h 4, , ,, ... s'WkmiU- pajub3,x1St "-' -v i- T ' " . T' "1. I Cx It" Is. .',;J JIPipViPpSJWVi. k, v,. . . f- .,,-'- r -Vft '":v..i3J . V ?? & i-Tir T-. .. .-.a . : -jim: s -k ct-" :-fcSf .a'-fi,1 l --' . . : . . -- . "- . .' C. . kX3-THE BOVRBOfT. NEW3,; PAfelS, KY., OCTOBERv13, 1914.V.Mb.4AT .y.ffBKaUitHEWS OF M1LLERSBURGMiss Sue Woods, of Stanford, is Jjtlie guest of Mrs. S. M. Allen.Columbus Day was observed hereby the closing of the banks.Mrs. C. M. Best was in Cincinnatifrom Thursday until Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. J. P. McPaniel, Sr.,were guests of relatives at Cynthiana,Monday.Dr. H. C. Burroughs will leave today to visit his daughter, Mrs. JamesSpencer, at Owensboro.Mrs. Joe 'Grimes and little daughter, of Cincinnati, are The guests of$Ir. and Mrs. M. C. Grimes.r ! Mr. and Mrs. J. F. McDaniel, Jr.,of Cynthiana, were guests of Mr. andIrs. J. F. McDaniel, Sr., Sunday.Mrs. Wm. Burroughs will leave today for a visit to her son, Mr. Sweeney Burroughs, in New Albany, Ind.Mrs. G. W. Judy returned Saturday after a ten-days' visit to her"brother, Mr. J. V. Ingels, and family,at Eminence.Mr. and Mrs. R.,L. Buffington leftFriday for their home at Barnesville,Ohio, after spending several days withDr. and MrsW. M. Miller.Mrs. Blanton Collier, of Cynthiana, and Misses Kittie and Lillie Burberrey, of Centerville, were guests ofCtfiss Mary McDaniel, Sunday.Mrs. E. H. Kerr was the guest oflier mother, Mrs. Martha Baldwin, ofMaysville, from Saturday un,til Mon-jday.3orn Early Friday morning toSirs. J. P. Auxier, a daughter thirdchild and the only daughter. Theyhave named the little lady AmeliaDavis.The many friends of Mrs. J. B.Cray will be glad to learn that she isimproving nicely at the St. JosephHospital, in Lexington, after an operaiion: Mrs. Owen Ingels will entertainto-day at euchre in honor of Miss Sue"Wobds, of Stanford, who is a guest ofIxer sister, Mrs. S. M. Allen. A buffetluncheon will be served at noon.Big Auction Sale Thursday, Oct.1, at Winchester, Ky. Finest residence and 23 building lots. Termseasy. Chance for a bargain. Be sure.and come.MRS. T. C. ROBINSON.The Burroughs neighborhood was"visited with a small cyclone Saturdayafternoon about 3 o'clock. The greater part of the damage was done on theMassie farm, which is controlled byMclntyre & Wagoner. Three barnswere unroofed and one of them partially blown down, most of the tobaccowas badly damaged. The residenceon the farm of Mclntyre & Wagoner,occupied by Mr. Thomas Wagner wasunroofed and his kitchen entirely demolished. A small tenant house onthe same farm is a total wreck. Treesand fences were blown down, onelarge oak tree was lifted from theground by the roots and hurledthrough the air a long distance. The-storm moved north toward Carlisle. Itaking trees and fences in its path.It was followed by a heavy downpourof ram, which swelled all the smallerstreams, doing considerable damage.The path of the storm was about onehundred yards. All the barns are being recovered.m ne-1 - -W1Men's, Women's and Children's fall footwear, at Prices Which WillSave You Money on Everij Pair.Just A Few Of The Money-Saving Prices: -Ladies' Brocaded Tops, Louis Heel, newest-creations,the best quality and workmanship, 5.00 values, at. $349Ladies' Cloth Top Patent Kid or GunMetal, French heel, custom made, bestquality, at "- & 99Ladies' Mat or Cloth Top, Patent Leatherand Gun Metal, all styles, best grades,at $2.69 and 2 49Ladies' Gun Metal and Patent Leather,good material, at 1 .99Ladies' Gun Metal, button and lace,at $1.24-and 1.49A very big assortment of Boys', Misses' and Children' Shoes at allj prices.Boys' Gun Metal Shoes,$230 values atJDJTST CO PIE! 1ST7Hfm "Wliere Beauty and ESfeoixoxjCisr JEloixiJ mUkK - - - - i - 1 1 i ' . K 'v 'AND PERSONALMrs. Green Clay continues seriously ill at her home on Second street.Mrs. Brfce Steele went to Louisville, Saturday, to be gone severaldays.Mrs. J. Miller Ward -entertainedfor the Six-Hand Euchre Club onThursday afternoon.Mrs. A. B. Hancock left Friday fora few days' visit to Mr. and Mrs. Harris Hancock, in Cincinnati.Mrs. Clarence Kenney entertainedthe members of the Country Club witha bridge whist party Wednesday evening. Rev. William Sweeney spent afew hours in Paris, Friday, on his return from Atlanta, Ga., where he attended the Christian Church Convention! Mr. Lucien Arnsparger, who wascalled home on accunt of the death ofhis father, Mr. Clifton Arnsparger,has returned to resume his 'duties atVirginia Military Institute, Staunton,Virginia.Louisville Times: "Mr. and Mrs.Roy Clendenin, of Paris, Ky., and Mrs.Hugh M. Clendenin, of Eminence,motored down Friday to spend a weekend with Mr. and Mrs. R. W. Hite."Mrs. Edith A. Bronston and herpartner, Mr. Ray Getty, of New York,expect to dance several times a weekat the Phoenix Hotel during the monthof October. Mrs. Bronston will beglad to secure tales for her Bourbon friends for the Cafe Dansants ifthey will notify her at the PhoenixHotel.The Tanzen Club entertained witha dance Friday evening in the ballroom of the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington. The guests were received by theofficers of the club, Mr. Carroll Dale,Mr. Thomas Walker, Jr., and Mr. WmMcFadden. The music was furnished.. , , .. ,bv Wriehts' SaxaDhone Trio, of Co-umbus, O., and the affair was one ofthe most delightful and largely attended dances of the autumn season.Those from Paris in attendance wereMrs Swift Champe, Miss Anna Wilson,Miss Elizabeth Brown," Messrs. HarryHorton, Ireland Davis and ThomasPrichard.The Central Kentucky branch ofthe Oxford, Ohio, College gjrls, Saturday held their second reunion atnoon in the private dining room of thePhoenix Hotel, where luncheon wasserved and a business session held.President Jane Sherzer, of OxfordCollege, was the guest of honor.Among the guests present were Mrs.Elizabeth Dundon, of Paris, and Mrs.Patsy Rich Caywood, of North Middletown, both of whom were elcted members of the executive committee. Dr.Scherzer talked eloquently of whatOxford College alumnea are now doing in the world,, and Miss Boswell, ofthe class of 1913, gave apleasant address about Oxford girls of to-day.Luncheon of several courses was served, the table being decked with flowers of the Oxford College colors.aer w. hj. uins was m uyntm-ana, Sunday, where he conducted theservices at the funeral of Mr. J. TMaffett at the Christian Church. Mr.Mfcffett had been an officer of thechurch for many years and duringRev. Ellis' pastroate was one of the(Other Personals on Page 5)SOCIALHEADQUARTPARIS' ECONOMICAL SHOPPER:Great shipments of Shoes and rubbers during the past few weeks enables usto offer to our customers another great money saving opportunity. STYLE, FITand WEARING QUALITIES are the dominating qualities of ourSPECIALFORsizes 3 to 5,CI COq l.DGreatest Shoe Storemost acctive members of the congregation. 'Mrs. Lucy Simms, -who has-beenvery ill for several days' With hearttrouble, remains about the same.Dr. G. L. Rankin, -foho was operated on for appendicitis, at the MassieMemorial Hospital recently, is greatlyimproved, which is good news to hismaxtv friends.The condition of Patrolman J. C.Elgin, Sr., who has been confined tohis home for several days, was notvery reassuring yesterday. He is stillseriously ill.MATRIMONIALHUGHES TAYLOR.Mr. Bennett Taylor and Miss. Fannie Hughes, both of this county, weremarried Thursday evening in, the parsonage of the Methodist Church in Mt.Sterling, Rev. W. T. Watts, of thatchurch, performing the ceremony. Mr.Taylor is a well-known, young farmerof this county, and his bride is a,n attractive young woman.PARRIS BARNETT-A marriage that was a surprise totheir many friends took place Sundayaternoon, when Mrs. Willie EarlywineParris, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jas.Earlywine, of this city, became thebride of Mr. I. O. Barnett, of Memphis,Tenn.The wedding, which was attendedonly by the immediate relatives andpersonal friends of the contractingparties, took place at the residence ofthe bride's parents, on Main street,Sunday afternoon at three o'clock,Eld. J. T. Sharrard, of Paris, performing the ceremony. The attendantswere Mr. and Mrs. Frank Farmer, thelatter a sister of the bride.After receiving congratulations, Mr.i and Mrs. , Barnett left for Lexington,I rrom wnere tney win go 10 x-arra.11 J T-goum, atk., to resiae.The bride has been connected withthe Simon Department Store for several years, and is very popular in alarge circle of friends. ,The groom was Superintendent ofthe bitulithic resurfacing work inParis, which was recently finished.Mr. Barnett came to Paris a stranger,but by his uniform courtesy soon wonmany friends.ACCEPTS NEW POSITIONMr. W. O. Chambers, one of themost popular railroad men who evermade Paris his home, and who recently resigned his position as Trainmaster on the K. C. Division of the Louisville & Nashville with headquartersin Paris, has re-entered the service.He has accepted a position as passenger conductor with a run betweenLebanon Junction and Corbin. Hisheadquarters wiiil be at LebanonJunction. Mr. Chambers' family willreside in Paris temporarily, and willmove to Lebanon Junction to resideabout January 1.Mr. Chambers and family are heldin high esteem here, and their friendswill sincerely regret their departurefrom Paris.HOUSEKEEPERS.Get the New Process Gas Heaterand Range the kind that saves youmoney and work! rA. F. WHEELER & CO.wwa. bmi r-yrxzmnMen's Platinum Calf or Puss. Bal, English last, of the famous Walk-Over, highest quality, at $5.00 and $4.50Men's Puss, or Gun Metal, of the Walk- -Over and Beacon makes, all styles andlasts, at $4.00 and 3.50Men's Tan or Gun Metal, bench made,all lasts, at .2.99Men's Gun Metal, button and lace, good ,wearing shoes, at $ 1 .49 and 1 .99Men's Heavy and Medium Weight Shoes, allkinds, at the lowest prices.SATURDAY:Growing Girls' Gun Metal Shoe, low hee,sizes 2Y2 to 6, $3.00 values at.... .....7. -.NOTICE OF CONTESTBOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY.1 IN THE MATTER OF THE ELEC-TION HELD IN BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, ON MONDAY,SEPTEMBER 28, 1914, ON THE PETITION OF WILLIAM MYALLAND OTHERS, TO TAKE THESENSE OF THE LEGAL VOTERSOF BOURBON COUNTY ON THEQUESTION WHETHER OR NOTSPIRITUOUS, VINOUS OR MALTLIQUORS SHALL BE SOLD, BARTERED OR LOANED THEREIN,THIS LAW AND PROHIBITIONTO APPLY TO DRUGGISTSALSO.AMENDATORY AND SUPPLEMENTAL GROUNDS OF CONTEST.Now come T. F. Brannon, JamesPorter, Robert Spencer, Oscar Peddicord, Ed. Slattery, John Johnson,James Cummins, Claude Ratliff, C. N.Peddiqord, James Connelly1, HarrySaloshin, Malachi Flannagan, ElmerNichols, Frank Sullivan and JamesCurtis and amend their grounds ofcontest filed herein on October 3rd,1914, and especially to the first paragraph thereof, and for amendment saythat they are and each of them is acitizen and resident of the UnitedStates of America; that they and eachof them is engaged in the business ofselling spirituous, vinous and maltliquors by retail, in Paris, BourbonCounty, Kentucky, by license, and areauthorized to conduct said business insaid territory by virtue of licensegranted to each of them by the UnitedStates of America, Commonwealth ofKentucky, and the City of Paris; andthat the license of them and each ofthem were on September 28, 1914, andnow in full force and effect.And they come and amend thetwelfth ground of contest heretoforefiled, and for amendment thereto 'saythat in Millersburg Precinct No. 1,Richard (Fick) Wasson and J. H. Taylor were appointed by the Board ofElection Commissioners of BourbonCounty, Kentucky, to serve as clerkand judge respectively, of said precinct, and that both Wasson and Taylor were selected from the list ofnames furnished by those who favoredthe sale, barter and loan of spirituous,vinous and malt liquors; that bothsaid Wasson and Tayror were late andwere not at the polling place at sixo'clock a. m. on the morning said election was held, and that without waiting thirty minutes, as the Statute insuch cases requires, the other officers who were opposed to the sale,barter or loan of spirituous, vinous ormalt liquors in Bourbon County,or the other persons there assembledwho oppose the sale, barter orloan of spirituous, vinous or maltliquors in Bourbon County, orsaid officers and other persons whowere opposed to the sale, barter orloan of spirituous, vinous or maltliquors, acting jointly and in concert,selected two officers to take the placesof said Wasson and Taylor, fromamong those who opposea tne saie,barter and loan ot spirituous, vinoubor malt liquors in Bourbon County,and notwithstanding both said Wasson-$1.99sJags'n1 TsvIa a.A..lLL J- i ,rr ;r r" umu snorttime after six .o'clock-1 m., on saidmorning, and within thirty minutes af-ter six o'clock a. m., they were not af-loAved to. take their places as officersot said election for sometime after'they came, and until more than fortyvotes naa been cast in said precinct,and for these reasons the contestantssay that the election held in Millersburg Precinct No. 1, on September 28,1914, upon said propositidn, was illegal and void, and of no effect and wasnot free and equal.As a further amendment to said,grounds they say that in MillersburefcPrecinct No. 2, on said date the election commissioners of Bourbon County, had appointed J. H. Stewart andHenry Bowling sheriff and judge' respectively, from the list of names furnished by those opposed to said proposition, and had appointed John B. Vimont, judge, and V, L. Barton, clerk,from a list furnished by those favoring said proposition, and that on themorning of the electfon and withoutwaiting thirty minutes after the opening of the polls at six o'clock, the persons opposing the sale, barter or loanof spirituous, vinous or malt liquors,selected one O. H. Collier, who wasopposed to said proposition to act asclerk at said election in said precinct,wrongfully and unlawfully, andwrongfully and unlawfully compelled ly to druggists."V. L. Barton, who had been appointed , contestants say that the said propocierk to act as judge. sition petitioned for was not authoriz-The contestants further say that at ed Djr law; and ttat tne propositionsaid precinct those favoring said prop- on which the election was orderedosition had selected a qualified person to be heid was not the proposition peto act as challenger at said election 'titioned for and was not the proposiand had issued to him the proper cre-(tion authorized by law to be submitdentials as such and that the 'officers .ted and the proposition which wasof election in said precinct wrongfully inted the official Daliots, whichand unlawfully refused admission to;were actuaiiy submitted to the votersthe election booth to said challenger, , of Bourbon County, was not the proband they state that because of the . osition authorized by law to be sub-iiictLLeifc aim Liiiugs ueiem scl out macthe election held in Millersburg Precinct No. 2, was not free and equaland was therefore null and void.For further amendment to the saideround of contest they say that inClintonville Precinct No. 2, the officersof eleclion selected from a list ofthose favoring the sale, barter andloan of spirituous, vinous and maltliquors, were "not at the polls on themorning of said election at six o'clocka. m., and that -without waiting untilhalf past six a. m., as the law requires, that the two officers selectedfrom a list of those opposed to thesale, barter or loan of spirituous, vinous or malt liquors, or the personsthere assembled, who opposed thesale, barter or loan of spirituous,vinous or malt liquors, or saidofficers and said persons thereassembled, acting jointly and inconcert, selected H. A. Power and RoyPepper from among those who wereopposed to the sale, barter or loan ofspirituous, vinous or malt liquors, andthat because of this, said election inClintonville Precinct No. 2 was illegal,void and of no effect, and not free andequal.The said officers of election allowedpersons who were not qualified, tovote, and among others, one JohnCalloway, who was not of age; thatthey refused to allow others who werequalified to vote, and amongthem, Sam Smith and HerbertMichem and Sol Fields, and 1contestants say that in said precinctthe election officers refused to countten ballots which were voted in favorof the sale, barter and loan of spirituous, vinous and malt liquors.The contestants for further amendment to said ground say that in NorthMiddletown Precinct No. 1, and in various other precincts in Bourbon County, that many who were known to bein favor of the sale, barter and loan 'of spirituous, vinous and malt liquors,and who were tenants and raised to-bacco as a means of supporting them-selves and their families and those de- alone should n-'t enter a partly filledpending upon them, were told that if u without others in sight who canthey did not vote dry the "drys," , render assistanCe in case of asphyxitheir landlords, would not raise any ationtobacco and " that they would be . .thrown out of employment, and thatmany persons were coerced to vote ;"No" upon said proposition, and con-jtestants say for these reasons theelection was not free and equal.They come and amend the fourteenth ground of their contest, and foramendment say that in the variousvoting precincts in Bourbon Countythe booths were not provided withcurtains as the law requires, and thatthe voters did not have an opportu -nity to vote the secret ballot, as thelaw requires, and that the secrecy ofthe ballot was thereby destroyed; thatall persons who under the law wererequired to present certificates of reg -istration before voting were not call-ed upon and compelled to presenttheir certificates of registration, andthat because of this, said election inl j 1 Ta ( M2 - JC3!V, cud iteSyI'ftMAin'family happy. -It brinjG ir.to the borne aoi C-i i-opo. won . x.j .2-1 iYou can ret a Victor .oron our cacyoavment plan.10 to 100 for aiC -- i- -i 1 --- - 1 IpTv - L.l 4 .--t wiv, t.... -iviR JJSk H I U1 M Iwga rcij75 iDaupnenyJ .''- - 'eaca and all of preCinGta in gbon County, Kentucky, on Septemr iq-u wa - Aa IT .eZ,'was therefore null and vnirf aeffect.- . w.. . Vi. UKJThe contestants for further amendment as a twentieth ground of contestsay that the election held in BourbonCounty, Kentucky, on September 28,1914, was ordered upon a petition oiWm. Myall and others who petitionedfor the submission of the question"On the proposition of whether or notspirituous, vinous, malt or other intoxicating liquors shall be sold, bartered or loaned in said County, andthat this law and prohibition shallapply to druggists."The contestants further say thatthe Bourbon County Cpurt orderedsaid election "For the purpose oftaking the sense of the legal voters ofsaid county who are qualified to voteat elections for county officers uponthe proposition of whether or notspirituous, vinous or malt liquors shallbe sold, bartered or loaned therein,and said law and prohibition to applyto druggists."The contestants further say that.thequestion submitted to the voter, onthe official ballot was "Shall spirituous, vinous- or malt liquors be sold,bartered or loaned in Bourbon County,! Trftn,w iQw and TnTn-hiKmU t or! nnri was Tint tho nrnnnsitinnordered by the Court to be submitted,and for these reasons, contestants saythat said election was illegal, null andvoid.T. F. BRANNON,JAMES PORTER,ROBERT SPENCER,OSCAR PEDDICORD,ED SLATTERY.JOHN JOHNSON,JAMES CUMMINS,CLAUDE RATLIFFE,rC. NT PEDDICORD,JAMES CONNELLY,HARRY SALOSHIN,J , MALACHI FLANAGAN,ELMER NICHOLS,FRANK SULLIVAN,JAMES CURTIS.By DENIS DUNDON,and J. J. WILLIAMS.Attorneys for Contestants.Affiant, T. F. Brannon, says that heIs one of the contestants in the foregoing contest and thatHhe statemntsof these amendatory and supplementalJ ground of contest are true as he verily believes.T. F. BRANNON.Subscribed and sworn to before meby T. F. Brannon, this Oct. 10, 1914.EDNA KELLER,Notary Public, Bourbon Co., Ky.BIRTHS.Born To the wife of Mr. RussellBell, at their home on the Jackstown;pike, a daughter.FARMERS WARNED.During this season of silo filling itis well for farmers and farm laborersin rcumATTiHor that. n. nartlv filled silosometimes holds enough -accumulatedgas to suffocate a man. One manTOBACCO STICKS.Just received, a car load of sawedoak tobacco sticks. Both phones .BOURBON LUMBER COMPANY.NOTICE TO STOCK OWNERS.All persons driving live stockthrough, the streets of Paris are re-1 quired to furnish sufficient men with' the herds to keep said stock fromrunning through and damaging thej yards along the streets,Considerable complaint is made by1 residents of Paris about stock beingallowed to run through their lawns,damaging hedges, flowers, tc.j j. t. HINTON,(0ct2-if) Mayor.y i 7 J .- i-ivco-nscnt i ever maucccct $157AI :ty." v :v..w.i. d.:ktsu.ijLi uun- rt - 1 t "- 'r onr-nr " -t r clt'1catG3 the chiiUrcn, and.mckcs the vrliola7v-cakh cf music thesis outcow.Victor-Victrola rischt awayf,i; to- $200. for a Victor-Victor.f if ( frr" r--vi;u-.w u.iv,ic4v o. 4 era.BiosII II I lh ! 1' I III !!!s