THENEWS- ,. -(Vi8r --x .d.A-: - v rra-;. . vs. i. . ? v: -c .crr ' -v-.4-.--jy.-HPUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND .FRIDAY IN THE YEAHVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 31, 1914.fill IUi 1 111UUnoUnWOUNDS LEAD TOARREST OF THREEHEN OiSUSPICIONTwo Men Injured by Accidental Discharge of Weapon Held by the Police.1TAKEN BY OFFICERSIN LEXINGTONOne Believed to Have Burglarized Court HouseOthers Accomplices.nHENRY IN DSUITAGA1NSTLJury1 Gives Plaintiff Judgmentin the Sum of $13,250 ForInju:ies Received.il . I8Ea n.iTRIAL CONCLUDEDAFTER THREE- XAYSWiggins Convicted for Shooting Charles Mann Sentences are Passed.'! wound ia the finger ofGcor-? McVey, who gave Paducah,Ivy.. --S Ms heme, and the same bulletv ' 11 lc2 of James Wells, of Pitts-Lur?. pa., which caused him to seeki eJ:cal aid at a hospital, caused thearrcb o? both men, together with Joseph Reynolds, of Richmond, Va., assuspects connected with the robberycf tre rourt house last Friday evening.. The injury to the two menab mficted dv the accidental discharge of an automatic revolver int e hands of JMcVey.Th - men were arrested SundayLTora.ng in Lexington by DetectivesT -on pson and Stuart, and wereliou-Lt to Paris Sunday afternoon by( 1 iet cf Police Fred Link and lodgedI.: ja.i r lay night an entrance was eff ctel to the court house through aIndcv in the office of Miss MabelR:Lt:n&, county superintendent of:" oc'.s. The window was forced".'i an old pair of scissors, and the'Limber went through a lot of papersill!1 office, moving a desk from its: ua position, but getting nothing of-d!ue He then made his way to the(See of Sheriff W. F. Talbott, wheresecured a'-Savage automatic 32 calilrc revolver pair cf handcuffs andv :nie. The office of County JudgeC. A. McMillan -was entered and therowers of a desk ransacked and papers scatered over the floor. A safeDenis DundonandtheAfter deliberating three hoursforty-five minutes the jury indamage suit of W. E. Henry againstthe Louisville & Nashville railroadreturned a verdict Saturday afternoonin the sum of $13,250. The amount,asked for was 825,000.The case was called for trial Wedday morning, and until Friday afternoon the entire time of the court wastaken up in the dearing the testimonyA large number of expert witnesseswere introduced on both sides in aneffort to prove the condition of Henry,who, it was alleged, was injuredthrough the negligence of the railroadcompany.The accident occurred on August 1,1913, at Berrjr Station, 'in Harrisoncounty. Henry was engaged as abrakeman on a work train which contained several cars of ballast whichwas being unloaded on a fill nearDerry. He was standing near theside "of the train giving signals to theengineer. A cable attached to a locomotive which was drawing a plowacross the top of the fiat cars unloading the ballast lrom the train, whichwas on a curve, sprang over the retaining stakes, striking Henry andknocking him down. His head struckone of the steel ralis, fracturing hisskull, and he Avas otherwise injured.Experts on the stand for the plaintiff declared he was permanenaly injured. Wl'cn the evidence rwa3 all in Hon.E. M. Dickson, of this city, attorneyfor the defense, made his argumenLCURRENTTHATSTANLEYW1LLQUIT THE RIGReport From Lexington to WEffect That He Will. !Withdraw at Early Date.rEl ."WE KNOW HOW"t .BECKHAM SPEAKSIN GEORGETOWNvGiven Warm Reception ByScott Voters Stanley inMt. Sterling.-wlelonsins: to . Judgeas opened, and the interior broken' ' o? afrn-rt ir !rof tn tho ninnpv hrv. -ich contained a one dollar "bill, before theury, wh4hBjCoLgobLB.i ?tl. folded and in aD old pocket Franklin, of Frarikfor-., spolve tor the1 k. This money was the first feeT!e'j Dundon had received when heisumed the office of County Judgeend he has preserved It since.I.Iua on the window sill and a cardJiCii was found in the corridor wereV 3 only clues that would lead to theapprehension of the guilty person,tut the three men, who came hereFriday night from Carlisle, were susrccted and closely watched.Some time during the morningWells and McVey went to the commu"- station on Mt. Airy avenue, wherei is --aid the latter took an automaticrolver from a grip, when it wasC.scharged, the bullet passing through It.i? index finger of his left nana anaentered the leg of Wells near theknee. They applied at the Massieurles were attended by Dr. FrankTithian and the men left Thetlree boarded a late interurban carTor Lexington where thew remainedSaturday night and Sunday morningRejnclds assisted Wells to a hospital where they were taken into custdy, the police having notified thetcials of the institution to commur:cate with them if a man answeringlis description made his appearanceCizre.rv , e i!m-or fny Hm nipiit v-( the cnfonr.ofl the following convictedn homioiraii i-!Qn aroused susDicion. fjnriTier the term of courttj., ,. i,ii -u,r i, rxiino rcnri Avhen Pm "Williams. colored, twentyli, companions were arrested they ad- eight, malicious cutting and wounain.: k.d "mowing his and the local au- 0ne to five years.t rities were notified.. The knife Lawson Holman, colored, twenty.ch was taken from the She-LTs five, stealing fowls, one to nve jeaio.ccc was found in McVe?'s pockot . Ernest Shaw, colored, twenty-tiiree,I he claims he bought it in Athens, J robbery, two to ten years.0. It was identified by Deputy Sher- j George Hays, colored, tweny-eigut,i Marshall. McVey said he threw the ; robbery, two to ten years.r.tel he shot himself with in a coal j Walker Harris, colored, twenty-c r on the L. & N. tracks Saturday , eight, robbery, two to ten yearsrftnn.onr, H Rnid the Distol was a j0hn Williams, colored, eighteen,r-. ...i.:i .i. ,mnn taVon frnm the lmneohronTrinP. to Reform SCllOOlv ;;io iiiib ui v' w . . -,LEXINGTON, Ky., March 30. IsHon. A. O. Stanley on the point ofwithdrawing from the Senatorial race?This question is prompted by news:eceived in Lexing-on this morningby way of Louisville.It is reported from the Falls City,through highly confidential sources,that the active friends and supportersof Mr. Stanley, those who are nowand are expected in the future to supply the real "sinews of war," are becoming convinced - that his candidacyis unwise, and that he is not makihggood.The impression is fast gaininggroud that his method of campaignutterances and the circumstances generally which are characterizing hiscanvass has positively accentuated thefact that as btween him and otherfact that as between him and otherselements are lining up solidly in hisbehalf. This is considered by manyin view of certain conditions to bevery dangerous.At Louisville yesterday the receptions accorded Mr. Stanley in Carlisle and at Mt. Sterling were discussed and it was evident that thelack of enthusiasm at both thoseplaces was decidedly discouraging.From the beginning of the campaign it has been patent to every observer of political conditions that thecandidacy of both Mr. Stanley andGovernor McCreary was simply dividing the opposition to Beckham.Spring Styles' In The " 'Dunlap and StetsonJntctto : , .Now Ready for Your InspectionSoft Hats in all the new shapes and colors;Stiff Hats in the right shapes tobecome the man. - .)wManhattan and Wilson Bros.Spring ShirtsMr in an endless variety of patterns andcolors Come in and make your selections while the lines arecomplete.tWARM. WELCOME- i ii inAccordedniniriHff Shortlv before nccn MrClark Barnett, one of the jurors, fainted in the jury box, and had to be removed. The case was postponed until the afternoon, when Col. Franklincompleted his argument, and the casewas given to the jury at 2:45 o'clock.At twenty minutes to six the juryR7oH 'ntn r.nurt. and nresented theirverdict.At the close of the case Judge Stoutcalled the case of the Commonwealthagainst C W. Wiggins, under indictment in the Bourbon Court on acharge cf shooting and wounding another with intent to kill.Some time was consumed ia selecting a jury, which was composed ofJ H. Ewalt, Gates Rice, C. R. Walls,J. D. Booth, S. D. Kenry, Ami Dorsey,Davis Johnson, John Towles, C M.Mattox, Lucien Rice, J. W. Larkin andW. II. Spears.Attornev John Williams represented the defendant and Attorney P. A.Thompson assisted Commonwealth'sAttorney Bradley in the prosecution.The jury returned a verdict of guiltyof the offense charged n the indict-mena. Juage stout se:uju v logins to the penitentiary for from oneto five yearsMr. Beckham attown Saturday.'George-Mitchell & Bfakemore,The Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckytBefore an enthusiastic audience ofbusiness men and farmers that filledthe Scott county court house to capacity, and which had gathered fromall parts of the country to hear him,former Governor J. C W. Beckhamsnoke for over two hours at Georgetown, Saturday, in the interest of hiscandidacy for the Democratic nomination for the United States Senate.His speech was remarkably freefrom personal abuse and vituperation,and he was frequently interrupted bygeneraus applause.He referred to his term as Governorof the State, and spoke of his deep interest in the progressive principles ofthe party in this State and nation.issues in this campaign, he said, wereclearly drawn, and no efforts of an opponent to direct the ataeneion of ponenent to direct the attention of the public to irrelevant questions would besuccesful.The greater part cf his time he devoted to his own activity in Stateand 'on national issues, defining clearly his attitude on numerous and important questions of the day. Heisolutelv declined to descend to the. .p SLaaiiiiiniiMiui ixfiLrniicniiiiiiriiuiiiii iiiiMiiiiiuiiMiiiiuiniininiiiiinJHnfuiiHiiiiiiiiiJMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiniw. -9 5 .&RW ,FRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.atVInvite Your InspectionOF.Before adjourning : court Judge Stout mt.VXSmWc nffiro m; a Savase. x necT.eers are confident he is the manvho entered the court house.The three men came to Paris Fndav afternoon after visiting Flemmgslurg, Ewing, Carlisle and Millersburg.Reynolds who claims to be a painter,i as in Millerscburg Friday morningaccording to information oDtainea uyPatrolman King who went to thatplace Saturday morning. Wells saide was a painter and McVey is anumbrella mender.niief of Police iink, PatrolmanTng and Deputy Sheriffs McClintockp-d Marshall questioned the men atV p countv jail yesterday morning,"tut each denied any connecteion withthe robbery of the court nouseLouis Hawkins, coiorea, twenty,housebreaking, to Reform School.Jim Davis, colored, twenty-seven,wilful shooting and wounding, one tofive years.Edward Stokes Graddy. white,twenty, robbery, to Reform School.picker Williams, colored, twenty,robbery, to Reform School.LOCAL FIRM RECEIVESNUMBER .OF BUICK CARSAne firm of Pnchard & Ball Saturdav received a large shipment ofBuick cars which were unloaded fromthe train and stored in their garage.Saturday afternoon the machines,frnvtoon in number were peradedLIou. ?, . "i,-., cnriB about' !.. thP streets nd attracted con-Utfie attention Sever l ol : ttaReynolds said he went there to seecars have been sold and will be de' ?.ond but declined to give the name liVered to the purchasers,ci the person.It is the belief of tne ponce m ; oFCKHAM TO SPEAKirvmriiiii i ' -1UUIWU.VwhinlK he said. Mr. Stanley had attempted to pitch the campaign.The tenor of Mr. Beckham's address aa Georgetown was much thesame as his Elizabethtown speech,though he made reference a time ortwo to the attacks vr Mr. Stanley up-him in his recent speech at CarlisleHe spent much aime beforespeech shaking hands with his manyfriends and adherents in the city.Councilman J. L. Hambrick, one ofthe most popular and progressiveyoung Democrats of Scott county, presented Mr. Beckham to the voters.In the course cf his remarks he said:"Governor Beckham was the choice ofhis party six years ago, and met theRepublicans in the Legislature as ourchoice for the Senatorship, but wasHpfpjitp.d bv four traitors of his ownparty."The dignified and gentlemanlyaddress of Mr. Beckham made a favorable impression upon his he.arers.Scott county has heretofore been conceded to be for Beckham, but sincehis speech at Georgetown Saturdayafternoon conservative politiciansfreel predict that hewill receive fully75 per cent, of the Democratic voteof the county."S. New Spring SuitsLadies', Misses' and Girls'.- ' -"New Spring Coats.Ladies', Misses' and Childrens'.New Spring Silk Dresses' Taffeta, Gharmeuse and Crepe.vMew Spring WooB Dresses ," Crepes, Serges and Ratines.Silks, Wash Goods and Woolen Fabricsof every description, with suitoble trimmings.x -4Separate Skirts,Rain Coats,Crepe and Net Waists,' Wash Waists3 I.- lei-- "xr-7 ?-vy-ABUSIVE TOWARD BECKHAM.Congressman Stanley Resorts to MudSlinging at Mt. Sterling.onn nf tlio mon at least IS afor an organized band of yeggmenand had been visiting the townsslong the Maysville branch of theL. & N. with a view -of pulling offi Continued on Page Eight.)AT CARLISLEA large crowd, including delegationss from Lexinecon and Winches-SATURDAY 'ter wearing Stanley badges, heardI Congressman speak at Ma. Sterling,' Saturday afternoon.J. C. W. Beckham, candidate for, j Coleman Reid, a farmer, introthe Democratic nomination for United juce(j the speaker, and, paid a glowing5tntoi senator, will speak in uarnsie ,cwtniniiiiiiiiiiinriMuuniiiiiiniiiiiiiiiinjiuniiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiHniiiniitiiin-iijjiiiiinuiiiiiiHurfkforfhfo iii!mimm$mminuimuiiiunuiiiria &9I9Iwwwwon Saturday, April 4.'(Continued on Page Eight.)bTHE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 31 1914I dr. pierce's FAVORITE PRESCRIPTION IB is a scientific medicine carefully compounded by an experienced and skillful jjH physician, and adapted to the needs and requirements of woman s delicate gH system. It has been recommended for over forty years as a remedy for those ns peculiar ailments which make their appearance during the expectant Q gs neriod. Motherhood is made easier by its use. Thousands of women have s11 been benefited by this great medicine.Your druggist can supply you in liquid or tablet form, or you can sena50 one-cent stamps for a trial box of Dr. Pierce's Favorite PrescriptionTablets, to Dr. Pierce, at Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute, Buffalo.It is your priviledge to write to Dr. Pierce for advice, and.it will be gladlygiven free of charge. Of course ell communications are confidential.goamsEA MODERN HOMETo Be Complete Should be Equipped With All ModernConveniences. Foremost AmongThese is theCentral EnergyHome Telephone? .Use it for Business or Pleasure It's Always Ready.Five Minutes Initial Period onLONG DISTANCE, MESSAGESZU Paris Rome Celepbone ana Cekgrapf) o.(Incorporated)?$:'Bourbon LaundryD WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.BourbonParis Kentucky,GEO. W. DAVISFDNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DATC 137; NIGHT 299.I Are You a Wow? mteHappyljJ? Thousands and thou- jTTake Qgf(jyj. ilTte Woman's Ten!FOB SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTSProfessional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones 0lel.SMdenee j &TVR. A. KELLER,JL Practicing Physician,', Sices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's BIdgP&nH - - KenncksJ J. YVFLr.IAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Aoom 1 Elks BuildineAfter a girl gets married she contrives to get her girl friends into thesme sort, of trouble.That Wonderful EventIF THERE is" a time above all times when a jjwoman should be in perfect physical condition git is the time previous to the coming of her babe. gDuring this period many women suffer from Ijeadache, gsleeplessness, pains of various description, poor appetite,and a host of other ailments which should be el iminated injustice to the new life about to be ushered into this world.A)VifWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in 'oing up the finest, shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes frcck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want a9 we lite toappreciatee$wAsLaundry,miThousands and thousands of women, whohave everything that heartcould desire to make themhappy, are miserable onaccount of womanly trouble. If ycu are of thisnumber, stop worrying,and give Cardui a trial.It has brought health andhappiness to thousands.TAKEThe Woman's TonicMrs. Delphinia Chancewrites from Collins,Miss.: "I suffered terriblyfrom womanly troubles.We had five doctors, butit seemed I could not getany better. I decided totry Cardui. After I beganto take it, I got betterevery day. Now I feel aswell as I ever did." TryCardui, today. E-Once in a great while you will meeta woman strong-minded enough toadmit that her shoes are too small.iDl8fal-66 IDS"i r1 ringsPOSSdjThe Bourbon NewEstablished 138132 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner(Entered at the Paris, KentuckyPostofiice as Mail Matter of thiSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.0Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 peinch for first time; 50 pents per incleach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per limeach issue; reading notices in blacltype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, ansimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservecto decline any advertisement or othe)matter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.IF HEADACHY, DIZZY,3ILI0US, "CASCARETS."Clean Your Liver and Waste-CloggedBowels Tonight! Feel Bully!Get a ten-cent box now.You're bilious! You have a throbbing sensation in your head, a badtaste in. your mouth, your eyes burn,your skin is yellow, with dark ringsunder your eyes; your lips are parched. No wonder you feel ugly, meanand ill-tempered. Your system is fullof bile not properly passed off, andwhat you need is a cleaning up insideDcn't continue being a bilious nuisance to yourself and those who loveyou, and don't resort to harsh physicsthat irritate and injure. Rememberthat most disorders of the stomach,liver and bowels are cured by morningwith gentle, thorough Cascarets theywork while you sleep. A 10-cent boxfrom your druggist will, keep yourliver and bowels clean; stomachsweet and your head clear for monthsChildren love to take Cascarets, because they taste good and never gripeor sicken. (adv)India rubber successfully graftedby living tissues is a surgical featclaimed by Prcf. Belbel, of Paris,France, who said he relieved an intestinal hernia and a useless finger bythe process.At Youngstown, O., E. P. Freed'sthoroughbred hen refused to be denied the chance when she wanted toset. She tried it on half a dozensnowballs and froze all her whitemeat.Jessica Bostwick, daughter of aBritish General, spent a year alone inthe Balkans, disguised as a boy, andreturned to publish an account of thelife's awful effects there.British hotel men fear a financialloss as a result of the Venus Rokebyincident, believing the royal closingof museums and palaces will rcauseAmerican tourist not to visit EnglandDressed in his wife's finery, LesterBarnes invaded an exclusive men'sclub at Winsted, Conn., spurned oneman who popped the .question, andsigned all but two members in thesuffragist cause.Their feet rooted in tar on the roofof a skyscraper, Morris Kenshner andPoliceman Magner, in New York,were rescued Avhen Policeman Christensen pulled them out with a rope.Miss Pansy Pyetin says her pawmight stand a chance of becoming abridge-luncheon-whist player if hecould just learn to say "Pray Do"without getting stage fright.LUKE McLUKE SAYSDon't be ashamed of your enemies.There is something wrong about theman who is liked by everybody.About the only thing some of uscan't resist is temptation.A gentleman is a person whoshares his pleasures with others andkeeps his troubles to himself.Some excuses grow rusty and ar.elaid away. But the oldest excuseblaming the woman, is always inworking order.And what has become of the oldfashioned tad who used to. make lamplighters out of the evening paper after he got through reading it?People are always starting something they never expect to finishThat's the reason why Genesis is better known than Revelations.Boost a man and he will forget i(in ten minutes. Knock him and hewill remember it for fiftv vears.1 Fashion makes fools out of som3women and monkeys out of the rest.Every girl believes that when shegets married her husband will tellher what they do at the lodge o'lwhich he is a member.The old-fashioned man who useito buy chickens for dinner now has tison who buys dinner for but wha.t'ithe use. You finish it.Isn't it about time for J. PhinneyEarle to come across wth the Springfashion in affinities?1 WfK1 o. flJ Copyright, by McCluru Syndicate.)GUARDS OFF FLOODSEast Side Levee and SanitaryDistrict of Illinois.Section Is a Municipality Chartered bythe State and Has Power to CollectTaxes to Keep the MississippiRiver Within Bounds.East St. Louis. The east side leveeand sanitary district, in which the cityof East St. Louis is situated, is a mu-nicipality, chartered by the state of Illinois and given power to levy andcollect taxes for the purpose of providing flood protection and drainagefor a 150 square mile area situated onthe east side of the Mississippi river,opposite the city of St. Louis.The area extends about 30 milesalong the Mississippi river, and isbounded on the east by a chain ofbluffs. Within the area is a large industrial center, and a very prolific agricultural dietrict. The principal cityin- the area is East St. Louis, whichhas a population of 75,000. The othercities are Granite City, National City,Madison, Venice, Brooklyn, Nameokiand Cahokia.In the past this area has had to endure many floods, resulting from anunusual combination of causes. Theestimated cost of the work providedfor in the present plans of the eastside levee and sanitary district is 6,500,000. The east side levee and sanitary district as a municipaliy embracea large territory, including the citiesmentioned, but is in no way directlyconnected with them. The districtis governed by a board of trusteeselected every four years, which boardappoints a chief engineer, a treasurer,a clerk and attorney.To appreciate the significance oftho measures taken by the east sidelevee and sanitary district toguardagainst future floods in the area, itis necessary to have a clear understanding of the causes of the frequentfloods.The area is comparatively low,and the Mississippi river formerlyspread over a large portion of it.Through the area runs a stream called Cahokia creek. Lying northwestof the area is a 200 square mile i'ateau, which forms a watershed forSnowing Levee District.Cahokia "creek. Practically all of thewaterfall ot the plateau was formerlycarried through the lower area by theCahokia creek to the Mississippi Jriver.In the event of a heavy rainfall thewater from the plateau would augmentthe drainage of the lower area, and theCahokia creek would overflow itsbanks in the lower area. High waterin the Mississippi river and the Cahokia creek would frequently occur atthe same time. The Mississippi riverwater packing up into the channel ofthe Cahokia creek would meet thedownward rush of the water from theplateau and the result would be adisastrous overflow. The Mississippiriver inundating the area from thewest and the Cahokia creek overflowing in the central part furnishedenough water to almost submerge thearea. Those overflows occurred frequently, and caused "great inconvenience to trailic and 'devastation cfproperty.Keeping the Mississippi river out ofthe area was simply a matter of building a levee high enough, but harnessing the Cahokia creek was a problempresenting a number of difficulties.WALK TO AVOID STARVATIONEight Children Trudge Forty Miles inSearch of Father, Motherand Food.Los Angeles, Cal. Facing starvation in their isolated home in theMalibu mountains, eight children,ranging in ages from eighteen yearsto eighteen months, started on a 40mile walk to Los Angeles in search offood and their father and mother.The father, R. W. Bailer, a homesteader, came to Los Angeles some daysago to seek work, they said.After they had walked 15 miles theolder children, taking turns In carrying the youngster as well as their petdog and cat, which they would notleave to starve, they were found hyRay Nimmo, an attorney of Los Angeles. He gave them money withwhich to ride to this city, where theyhave arrived.Good Samaritan Arrested.Newark, N. J. Becaues he playedgood Samaritan to a suffering liveryman in East Orange and pared hiscorn, Thomas Wood wafe arrestedcharged -with practising chiropodywithout a license.JyJJ I X' )jr MADISON j 4?V3L. 5? fv county r ,JCS3JV--are dependentTheir health, as men and women is largelyestablished in childhood.If your jchild is languid, bloodless, tired when rising, without ambition or rosy cheeks, Scott's Emulsion is a wonderfulhelp. It possesses nature's grandest body-building fats sodelicately predigested that the blood absorbs its strengthand carries it to every organ and tissue and fibre.First it increases their appetite, then it adds flesh strengthensthe bones-xnzLkes them, sturdy, active and healthy.No alcohol or narcotic in Scott's Emulsion, just purity and strength.KiSanKzWVn7IztW.TlZ IJ'M-li422tiaa2g29ft2$g33$g$New Year'sThoughtful consumers of FUEL will resolvs to obtiiri ths htghestefficlency for theirmoney during the year to come. This meansthat they will useJox Srcye Coaij"T HE FUELWITHOUT A FAULT."Dodson & DentonThe HomeYards, South Main St.: Qxggs3c&cs2si2(ics SSNs!tan "Onfcklv relievos Rhenmatlsra. Sore 3Iu3-aIao "Wofto 1rri t lAlrAilia llnonapntf f?T)Tnil nainn. Your mnnpr back if it fails toJievo any acho in any part of tho bofc.fifteen minutes time.Jf rice 50c. A.I JLll Druggists.Free sampla and circular icnt oa request.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY,342 East Main St., Lexington, Ky.Windsor Hotel.Modern Equipment, .Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDI INSURANCE !AGAINSTPIRE, WINDandLIGHTNING1 W. 0. HINT0N, !AGENT.'For Qld. Strong, Reliably,Prompt-Paying- Companies, see ime.VeterasiaraanOffice, Butier's Drug Store Phones261.Residence, E. T. 546; Home, 449.Parls9 Ky.(10feb-2mo)er Will LUISG8ill. $1,090 to $100 oooW. KING & SON,512 Cheapslcfe. lexlngton, KvMOLLYCODDLELAXATIVESCan Not and Do Hoi Touch ihe LiverThey may clear out the intestinal tract,but do not relieve the dammed-up bile.Year3 ago May Apple Eoot (called Podophyllum was a laBt-resortbile starter.It griped fearfully, but brought out the1bile. Podophyllin with the gripe takenout is now to be had under the namelew BarbershopIll Sfli ndlllliluEPnsrercsaFor Sate by All Druggists.All Growing Childrenon nourisliment for growth.13-79Resolutionsof Good Coal KBoth Phones 1 40OUR BEST OFFER!The Eiggest Combination Bargain cfStandard Publications EvcrOfferedHERB IS THE OFFER:The Bourbon News.l year, $2.0iThe Weekly Enquirer, 1 year, uhFarm and Fireside, semi-monthly, 1year, .50 cents.Household Journal and Floral Life,monthly, 1 year, .50 cents.Poultry Husbandry, monthly, 1year, .50 cents.,To-Day's Magazine, monthly, 1year, .50 cents.Our SDecial Bargain Price forall Six, Each One Year, ?2.75.We consider this the higgest andbest bargain we have ever been abbto offer our readers. Our own publication heads the list. The other fivehave millions of readers and are toowell-known to need a further introduction. Please remember that our contractwith the publishers is limited an3this offer may be withdrawn at anytime. Take abvantage now while theopportunity is yours and you will notregret the investment. If you arealready a subscriber to any of theabove your subscription will he extended one year from the time it expires. Call or mail orders toTHE BOURBON NEWS,Paris, Ky.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMBWill cure Blind, Bleed lug and Itchinjj rIt absorbs the tumor, allayn itching t csacts as a poultice, gives instant reliefFor sale by all druggists, mall 5Cc anl 21WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Gcvcfand, 01L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.Mrs. J. H. Fahrman'sMassage andCucumber CreamOn Sale at. Yarden's Drnir StoreCANCER CURED JI guarantee every case I un-dertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris. JJ DR. WM. R. SMITH, tParis, Ky.Of BOURBON POULTRY Cltfdown a chick's throat curesrapes, A few drops in ""drinking water cures an"prevents cholera, diarrcoc-jand other chick diseases. 0&50c bottle makes 12 gallons oimedicine At all druggSample and booklet on" ureases of Fowls" sent FREJ"Bewben Remedy Ce.Isig1'17IflFor Sale fay W. T. Brooks-...vrA.tri r .. ' i-' $'; v -"v : i,u rrmV''THE' BOURBON NEWS, 'PARIS KENTUCKY, MARCH 31 !914. J-Paris OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.g Ail work Guaranteed satisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedto yourWe Call For andCall up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co.,White Kid Gloves Gleaned,CB8sertspator-fcru4sK' "" THE GREAT SHI?frPSMHWtiMHHiltMIMHlC""""iBBMMMMiMMMMBMBMMBBBr f 3K-SSEaafcKrSi2553TOsSL, uF?fed?f t 6iWJPfrg'wS5S5S(.''i UJUI.iit? .;. vif' M3Ef8fnSpSE;,-fe"g'- r?3 --- 'II; L-aftIi 500 feet; breadta 93 foct. C indict; 210 statToonn and parlors nrronnaodatini 1300 pseer! j;j. Greater in cost L-rgcr in all projorUcrns j-iciier in ell upuoiatmen.s ibaa aay ttcjuicr onuiii viatera of Uio v.orlJ. Iu fcer ice J unc 15th.Macs&cent Steamers "SEEAfODZZ," "CItr cf Eric" cd "CH7 of Buffalo"Dailv CLEVELAND and BUFFALO May 1st to Dec. itLoave Cleelsc . - 8:00 P.M. Lea e Buffalo - - 8:00 P.M.Ar.-lve BuCilo - - C.2'. A. M. Arrive Cleveland - C:30A. M.(Central Stcsdard T.mc)Orracctione at BnCilo fer ?Ciaira Falls and ell Eastern end Canadian Fointp. Railroad ticketsreading between Cleveland and Buffalo are good fur transportation on our steamers. AtL 1your t.cker cgent for tickets -a C &. B. Lice. V rite ua for handeumc illustrated booklet rec.TKC CLEVELAND &. BUFFALO! TOBACCO Is :COTTONeecemmcceALL GRADESAt Lowest Prices! Twin Bios.g Seventh and Main?It is free it tells hcyvy you can havelocal and long distance telephone service in your home at very small cost.Send for it today. Write nearest Bell Telephone Manager, or' FARMERS' LINE DEPARTMENTH Cumberland Telephone4. and TelegraphINCORPORATED.122 SOUTH PRYOR STREET, ATLANTA, GEORGIA.Chaning Co.satisfaction.Deliver Work.Sam Levy, Proprietor.short, 10c; long 25c.Fare?DAILY OETWEENMPit (leveland!iS!"vl??-Si!S?T5fS . FLlT TFPA T toAr?""-"ZZEANDBE"aTRANSIT CO.. Cleveland, O.oDepi sioie,Sts., Paris, Ky.APostalBringsThisBookCompanywI1jFOR THE HIGH SCHOOL GIRLModistes Have Paid Especial Attention to Designs Suitable to Somewhat Trying Age.Heretofore there has been a lackof properly fitting clothes for girlsfrom eleven to fifteen years of age.Girls of such ages are too young formisses' clothes and too old for children's sizes. There are now sizes tosuit these ages. The waists and hipsof these dresses are cut larger thanfor misses. The bodices are usuallyof a simple style, many having the lowneck and three-quarter sleeve, or thesleeve that turns at the elbow.Serviceable two-piece dresses havethe modified middy blouse, with askirt of contrasting material. Theflounce skirt is also well liked. Forschool wear serges, gabardines andblack and white checks are used, asare also the smaller Scotch plaids.Coats for these misses are madewith odd yoke effects, raglan sleeves,kimono collars and belts placed at thelow waist line. Some coats have theflare, which is so fashionable in women's coats, produced by the use oftwo flounces edging the coat, or bycutting the coat in two sections, thelower of which has considerable fullness. The materials for these coatsinclude serges, gabardines, noveltyworsteds and silks, smart checks,fancy mixtures, poplins, worsteds increpo effects and ratines.Collars and cuffs are of lace, batisteembroidery or crepe embroidered inwhite or colors. Fancy silk collarsare used on some of the cloth coats.Novelty buttons are a prominent trimming, being in matching or contrasting colors. In addition to navy bluethe popular colors are tango, saeegreen, Copenhagen, rust and mahogany. CLING TO LOW WAIST LINENoticeable in All the Season's Childish Models Short Sleeves Retain Their Popularity.The majority of the styles for children which have been displayed thusfar have the low waist line, which ismarked by a sash plaited into folds.Sleeves are short, stopping at the elbow in order to display the roundeddimple which generally lurks there.One unusually pretty, model, whichwould do very nicely for a party dress,is made of very sheer white batiste.The neck of the garment is cut squareand at the shoulder, on each side,there Is a series of small pin tucks,which provides the necessary fullness.The waist line is very low, and a deepruffle, joined to the upper portion ofthe dress by Valenciennes lace inserted after the manner of Greek fretwork, forms the lower part of the garment. Small clusters of pin tucksaround this skirt ruffle at equal distances furnish the fullness, and adainty sash of pink ribbon, which goesbehind the tucks and over the plainsurface of the skirt. Tiny rosettes ofthe same pink ribbon adorn the littleelbow-length sleeves and if desiredone may also be placed on the waist.FASHIONABLE LINGERIEWash net is much made use of bythe makers of lingerie. This combination underbodice and petticoat in theillustration, made of batiste, is edgedwith a net ruffle, arid a narrow plaitedfrill of net heads the tucked flounce.Blue shoulder straps, a blue band ofsatin ribbon, to hold the bodice frillof lace in place, and a band of blueribbon, ending in a bow under the netfrill, complete this slip. Tlie underbodice of flesh-piuk chiffon, is muchberibboned in pale blue and isstrengthened by a band of wide malines lace about the top.FASHIONS AND FADSCheck and plaid cotton ratines arein demand.IJlack and white china frocks areseen in the shops.Both high and low coiffures are infashion at present.There is a revival of cross-stitch inartistic needlework.Beads in flaming yellow pink colorare called tango beads.Rice cloth is a sheer cotton, withand inwoven knotted yarn.Multicolored stripes are seen evenIn wash silks and crepes.Even Turkish towels nowadays areembroidered on their ends.White crystal beads and jet beadsare much used together.Taffeta two and three piece suitsare coming In for spring wear.An immense tulle scarf to matchthe dress Is pretty for evening.The newest of the high hats havetheir crowns altogether of tulle.'Albatross wrappers have trimmingsof black and wnite stripes.Colors ih silk petticoats are eithervery vivid or very delicate.Accordion - plaited negligees areamong the most satisfactory of any.A small success tempts a man towaste time and neglect opportunitieswhile he stands around waiting to be.admired. rAt Richmond six negroes were fmeda total of $317 as the result of an argument as to whom a quart of whisky belonged. The Court got thewhisky.Many a man who gets his back udis glad to back down later. -No man can appreciate the best ofit until after he has gotten the worstof it a few times.feter Commissioner'sOFBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Charles Peddicord, Admr., &c. Pl'tffVs Notice of SaleSt. Paul M. E.. Church ofParis, Kentucky - - -DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale of the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the abovestyled action, the undersigned MasteaCommissioner will sell at public auction, to the highest and best bidder,at the Court House door in the City oi'Paris, Ky., at about the hour of 11o'ciock, a. m., onSATURDAY, APRIL 11TH, 1914,the following described property, viz:"That certain house and lot in theCity of Paris, Ky., known as lot No. 2,in Williams street addition to theCity of Paris, Kentucky, beginning athe corner of Williams street andBally Paton street; thence N. 37 feet)G inches, with the margin of Williamsstreet to lot No. 1 in Hannah Wilson'sline; thence West with said Wilson'sline 75 feet to lot No. 3; thence Southwith the line of lot No. 3, 36 feet and4 .inches to Bally Paton street; thenceEast with the margin of said streel75 feet to the place of beginning, ilbeing the same property inherited bythe said Jane Smith from her mother:Norah Fisher, who purchased samafrom Lancaster & Northcott, deed being of record in Deed Book 83, page434, Bourbon County CJerk's office."Said sale will be made upon creditsof six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase price, purchaserto execute bond for equal installmentsof the purchase price with good security thereon to be approved by theMaster Commissioner, and payable tosaid Commissioner, bearing interest a1the rate of 6 per cent, per annum fromdate until paid and to remain a lienupon the property sold until fully paidand to have the force and effect of ajudgment.c. a. McMillan, m. c. b. c. c.HARMON STITT, Attorney.(Mar. 24-31 Apr. 7)Master Commissioner'sOFCITY PROPERTY.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.! Margaret Darnell - - - PlaintiffVs Notice of SaleReuben Fields &c, - - DefendantsiUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale of the Bourbon Cir-cuit Court, rendered in the above '' styled action, the undersigned MasterCommissioner will sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder, atlthe Court House door in the City of 'Paris, Kentucky, at about the hour of !SATURDAY, APRIL 11TH, 1914,the following described property, viz:"A lot on the west side of High Jstreet in the City of Paris, betweenEleventh and Twelfth streets, havingthereon frame buildings, and describ-1ed as follows: Fronting on Highstreet 66 2-3 feet and extending backtherefrom the same width as in frontabout 200 feet, adjoining the propertyof the St. Panl Methodist Church onthe south side of said church propertyand owned at the time of her death byMaria Anderson and inherited by heitrom her mother, Nancy Hurley, anais the same property conveyed toNancy Hurley by Scott Dillon of record in the office of the Clerk of thoBourbon County Court in Deed Book63, page 71, to which reference ismade."j Said crle will be made upon credits.of six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase price purchaserto execute bond for equal installmentsof the purchase price with good security thereon to be approved by theMaster Commissioner, and payable tosaid Commissioner, bearing interest atthe rate of 6 per cent, per annum fromdate until paid and to remain alienupon tlie property sold Imtil fully paidan'd o have the force and effect of' ajudgment.c. a. McMillan, m. c. b. c. c.(Mar, 24-31 Apr. 7) ., -L"Damaged Goods" at Lexington."Damaged Goods," Eugene Brieux'sstartling sociological play which Rich-;ard Bennett's New York company ofco-workers will present at the Lexington' Opera House next Monday andTuesday matinee' has the distinctionof being the only theatrical entertainment ever presented in the NationalCapital on the Sabbath Day. Theevent took place last April when, under the auspices of the Society for Social Hygenie, Richard Bennett broughthis company from New York City toWashington in order that members ofCongress and other officials in national life might see the play and passupon its fitness. The play createdsuch a profound impression that-theWashington Board of Trade passed aresolution instructing its secretary tosee what arrangements could be madefor a second presentation in that city.Mail . orders will be given promptattention. (adv)Grandpa Mintlicker says he never.expects to see the day when womenwill elect city officials and let themride in hacks while everybody elsein the procession walks.After traveling more than 800 mileswithout delay of any sort, a post cardaddressed to Hans Wagner only byhis picture was delivered to the famous shortstop at Hot Springs, Ark.When a man starts out to make afool of himself he usually works overtime on 'his job.If a woman has no other excuse shemarries a man to reform him.When a young man asks a girl forher photograph she classifies him atonce as a matrimonial possibility.Missouri manufactured more than28,000,000 corncob pipes last year.A grouch must come to every man.There is no chance to doubt it. Thewise one does the best he can anddoesn't talk about it.$$Gas4.'A ir ltting !Plumbing and Elecri-cal Work in AllTheir Branches::tStoves, Rangesand Appliances.I Spicer &Gilchrist, sElks' BuildingEE Phone, 103Home Phone, 101KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERM- !1NAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor ParisC00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a mT:20 p mLeave ParisLexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 am11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p mfor50302000U020mmmmmmm4:30mmmmm5:156:056:508:159:1011:00p m10:05 p mDaily except Sunday.Special Rates &' Excursions.Round trip Winter Tourists to allprincipal winter resorts in Alabama,Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina and Havana,Cuba, on sale daily. Oct. 1, 1913, untilApril 30, 1914, with final limit May 31,1914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas and New Mexico, on saledaily Nov. 1. 1913, to April 30, 1914,with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberalstopovers allowed on all winter tourist tickets. Also low round tripHomeseekers' tickets to points in Alabma, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi,on sale first and third Tuesdays ineach month, final limit 25 days fromdate of sale. Stop-overs allowed inHomeseekers' territory. For furtherinformation call on or addressW. H. HARRIS, Agent.T. K. SMITH, T. A.,THEATRGATHE FORTY YEAR TESTAn article must liare exceitSMtlmerit to survive for a period of fortyyears. Chamberlain s Cough Remedywa first offered to the public in 1872.From a small beginning it has .grownin favor and popularity until it has attained a world wide reputation. Youwill find nothing better for a cough orcold. Try it and you will understandwhy it is a favorite after a period ofmore than forty years. It not onlygives relief it cures.-. For sale by alldealers.(March) (adY)COUNTY COURT DAYS.Below is a list of the days CountyCourts are held each month in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawreceaurg, 3d Monday.Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, Ivc Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Breathitt, Jackson, 4th Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday. ,Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Henry, Newcastle, 1st Monday.Jessamine, Nichoasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, ,md Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday.Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Monday. Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday.Oldham, Lagrange, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Pendleton, FalmoT.cn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday. -Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday. -Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wayne, Montecello, 4th Monday.Woodford, Versailles, 4th Monday.TREESStrawberry PlantsFruit and Shade Trees,Shrubs, Asparagus, GraneVines, Rhubarb, Peonies,Phlox, Seed Potatoes, etc.Everything lor Orchard,Lawn and Garden.Free Catalog No AgentsH. F. Hillenmeyer & Sons,Lexington, KyNurserymen Since 184120feb2mo)(!Tpwilieis..,We SellAllllVlakes.Underwood No. 5, $50.Q0. m-Underwood No. 4, $45.00. 'JOliver No. 5, $60.00. -, UOliver No. 3, $40.00. . -Oliver No. 2, $30.00.L. C. Smith Bros. No. o, $60.00.L. C. Smith Bros. No. 2, $50.00. :L. C. Smith Bros. No. 1, $40.00: ' 'Remington No. 10, $40.00.Smith Premier No. 10, $40.00."Remington No. 6, $20.00.Smith Premier No. 2, $20.00.Blick, $20.00, all models. , .Blue Grass Ribbons, 75c each, forall machines.Carbon Paper $1.50 per 100 sheets.Typewriter Oil 25c.' We handle more Typewrites inuoneweek than some of these peddlers sellin a year. .Candipto machines are fully guaranteed for two years.Easy terms to suit you.We have all models in stoctf.We have new machines, too.Phone or write us. . " v 'The Joseph- 'Gantiioto Go.151, 153 and 155N. Broadway,Lexington, Kentucky.v ,-V,."Vi Z1'- Vf-- "oTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.. MARCH 1 , 1914 ,ETC1 COMBINATION SALEOPSTOCK,MONDAY, APRIL 6,MURPHY'S STOCK YARDS.COMMENCING AT 10 O'CLOCK A. M ,we will sell a large consignment of Horses, Mules,Milk Cows with calves by side and springers, Sheep,Hogs, Cattle and Farming Implements of All Kinds,regardless of price and weather conditionsNO BY-BIDS--Everything offered will be sold.M. J. MURPHY & CO.,2 PARIS, KY."S GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer. fDEATHSEPWORTH LEAGUE TOENTERTAIN NEW MEMBERSTOLLr.Mr. Samuel Davis Toll, aged sixty-fiveyears, died at the home of hisnephew, Mr. A. C. McDuffy, on aheGreenwich pike, near Old Union, atan early hour Friday morning, following a short illness from pneumonia.Deceased is survived by his niece,Mrs. A. C. McDuffy, with whom hemade his home, one brother, Mr.Hugh Toll, of Bourbon, and one sister. The funeral services were conducted at the grave in the Paris cemetery, Saturday afternoon, at 3o'clock, by Elder W. E. Ellis, pastprof ahe Paris Christian church.TOBACCOThe publication of the followingnewspaper story is of great interestto the growers of Bourbon county,who will receive a total of $17,283.63from the 1907 and 1909 pools. Checkshave been received by the First National Bank in this city, for distribution among those who were in thepool for the two yars referred toabove. All holding 1909 receipts mayreceive their money at any time bycalling at the bank and surrenderingtheir receipts.John T. Collins, a member of theBoard of Control of the Burley Tobacco Society, requests the members ofthe 1907 pool to meet him at the FirstNational Bank, on Saturday, April4, when they will leceive their checks.In the 1907 pool, the sum of $13,373will be distributed, and in the 1909nool. a total of $3,910.63. The delay 1in making the final distribution ofthese funds by the Burley Societywas unavoidable, and was renderednecessary by litigation in the courts,as number of suits were institutedagainst the Society.The Paris Epworth League of theMethodist church will give a socialsession at the church Wednesdayevening at 7:30 o'clock.Rev. M. T. Chandler, of Gynthiana,former pastor of the Paris Methodistchurch, wil be present and deliver anaddress to the new members.All Epworth League members arecordially invited. The program follows: Song "The King's Business."Invocation Rev. J. S. Sims.Solo "God Remembers When theWorld Forgets" Miss ElizabethMann."Welcome" Mr. Dennis V. Snapp,President Paris Epworth League.Address to New Members Rev.M. T. Chandler, of Cynthiana.Instrumental Solo Mrs. H. M.Hamilton, violin; Miss Maatie Lilieston, piano accompanist.Refreshments.4 '1 Fashion Week IYou Are Invited to Make theWolf-Wile Store Your Headquarters This WeekCOMBINATION SALE.TfiEaPmfDENT MAN"Wll BEWAREOF SMOOTH STRANGERS WTff NCE-asfe e rTBLjig0 rir f-rjt --M. J. Murphy & Co. will hold thefirst o'f a seiies of Combinaaion Salesat their stock yard'- on Court Day.This sale will include everythingthat is used on the farm in the way ofmachinery, stock, etc. These saleswill be repeated monthly. See adveraisement on another page.(31)-2t)HAVANA DEALER BUYSArfARE IN FAYETTEThis week the progressive merchants of Lexingtoncombine to hold their Spring Openings, At the same time,the Wolf-Wile store, joining in this event, will present themagnificent stock of Spring goods which are now crowdingthe store.We have gone to infinite pains to make our displays ofSpring goods of interest to you, and to bring you to seethem. And we have made arrangements to welcome youcordially and to serve you efficiently when you come. Themanv Conveniences of this store arpaf. vrmr rlisnnl iTrl ironare cordially invited to make the fullest use of them.tofashions will be exhibited on thrje live models, who haveFashionon LivinDisplayModelsOn Tuesday, March 31, morning and afternoon, Spring ts come to our store from New York, especially for Fashion og. Week, lhey are handsome young women with perfectg figures, and will give excellent demonstrations of the newt styles.MS.J. F. Cook, the well-known saddleand show horse dealer of Havana, Cuba, on Friday, purchased from C. L.Kerr, o Lexington, the five-year-oldsadle mare, Dannie C, which he willshin to Havana, and exhibit in the$1,000 saddle horse stake to be con- jLi tested in that city during April. Dan- j r ir o t ttt )jme c, which is a dapple gray, is by Kedrern Lirecian 1 reco Warner sI Dandy Jim, out of a mare by Den- jmark. Mr. Cook will ship three car- Jx DISPLAY OF CORSETSBorn, recenaly, to the wife of Mr.Fred Fister, in Bourbon, a ten pound-son Oscar Marion.Born, Saturday, at the Massie Memorial Hospital, to the wife of Mr.Julian Frank, a son.Born, Sunday, to the wife of Mr.Elliott Gilvin, nee Plummer, of nearNorth Middletown, a son.Born, Satuiday night, to the wifenf Mr Grimes Ham. on Harmon avenue, in Henry Addition, a son.1 iliiL.loads of horses to the Cuban show .next month. The saddle horse department will be in charge of WilliamCollins, of North Mjdietowii.onThese same models will demonstrate the new corsetsWednesday, April 1, in our Rest Room on the third... mi ii i .Li. i l . -It. floor. They will show the proper manner to put on and wearcorsets, pointing out the best corsets for each figure. This,of course, is only for women.TOBACCO FERTILIZER.l'iAs To Ctur spnng Stocks,we are handling a Tobacco Fertni- i They are the largest and most diversified we have ever ?zer of the highest quality, the same j g offered. So broad and comprehensive are the displays thatquality we ourselves have been i usmg j ou will find it an matter to select vour spring needs. Iwith great success. Only 150 pounds G " -co .required to the acre. The store is decorated with flowers and plants, and onLHAb. b. iJKii.l 6c BKU. I a rp-r-n w, ,- , -it u ;,, U,, 4?.,11 U 4. V X.Phones 14. & -I-'-l,oucij', uiuaiu win ucgivcn uy a. j.uu uiuic&uu, iuu ctic -?; cordially invited to make tne Won-Wile store your head-(24-4t)oGARDEN SEED ATSave money by buying your garden ' oseeds from Lenihan. (27-2t) 5J SUGG-DUNN.j Mrs. Bessie Sugg, of Bourbo.ir.m:nt.v. and Mr. James F. Dunn, oI mei chant of Cynthittna,. were married .at the home of her brother, Mr. Jo- MOTHER! IS CHILD'S. sepli Walden, in Carlisle, Friday. J,quarters during fashion week.LENIHAN'3 x""vviiivvviivvivvtfwvvsvstivvvcvitvvovsuvovaasvvI RUNAWAY COUPLE AREARRESTED IN LEXINGTONRaffaelo Dade and Mary Seste Lu' ano, Italians, were arrested in Lexington yesterday afternoon on in form-ation from the Pai is police. The ccuIple left here Saturday night onthef a. nf thn.qe snhemfts whinh "Smnnth ' st.ra.no-p.rsi 8:15 interurban car. lony Lucano. .. Q ,..., . ii.c-rn m a r : w csnilR. fiir.K? ,?! 111 Cross, Feverish, Constipated, Gv2 , $"California Syrup of Figc" ;J4Don't scold your fretful, peevish Jchild. See if tongue is coated; this Xo7'Tncrlj sSizufmazzj Straus c Co,s2is a sure sign its nuie stomacn, nver, ; 'vOO'Oand bowels are clogged with sour jwaste.When listless, pale, feverish, full ofpB'Mitn,.complained to the police that the j cold, breath bad, throat sore, doesn't ' C&&&&1COme around to peddle are SUCh great "Money Makers" Why; woman, who was his wife, had gone! eat, 'sleep or act naturally, has stom-.Hnnjr fh(a fcrrrpp fhm fhpmcoWec9 i with Bade' taking w!th her $175 t ach-ache, indigestion diarrhoea, give ' gVii u uxawjf i-i. u.iwxxx uhwxiowto. f i belonging to him, ins watcn ana sever-When a man is trying hard to sell you a proposition j f l ri&is. rney were seen in iexing-ron Simdav but were thought to havethere is something in it for HIM that's a sure thing. jgone to Louisville, and the police ofT .,,,,, . n i. i u ,!that city were notified to be on 'thelb it nut, uettei lui Ub a.u tu Keep UUI lliuiiey liert; clli00kout for them. Yesterday after-home, invest in and build up OUR OWN Gommunity?The man who does this is properous.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapital, $100,000.00.Surplus, $40,000.00.J. M. HVwL. PiESiOEjrC K. THOMA. CashierI 7?5Pf"N"flipifflVWE BEG TO ANNOUNCEthat on Tuesday, March 3d, weplace on sale Spring Styles inNETTLETON SHOESIhe footwear .of distinction for menGeo. McWilliamsThe Shoe ManI11mm mm M i t i ateaspoonful of "California Syrup of : Ags," and in a few hours all the foul jaFiwaste, the sour bile and fermentingfood passes out of the bowels and youhave a well and playful child again.Children love this harmless "fruit lax-5'WiVrCi,W.s ,:x.t SiZ!-?noon they were taken into custody by j ative," and mothers can rest easy aft- j fthe Lexington officers. They will bereturned to Paris this morning.WHERE TO FIND IT.Get it at Lambert's.MR. A. J. SKILLMANBUYS TWO TRACTS OF LANDMr. A. J. Skillman, of Paris, boujghtlast week of Mrs. Carrie Fisher, ofParis, the latter's small farm ofabout 55 acres, located on Cane Ridgeat a private price.Mr. Skillman also bought from theAllen heirs, their farm containingabout eighty acres, and located nearJacksonville, at a private price. Bothpurchases were made by Mr. Skillman as an investment.er giving it, because it never fails tomake their "little insides" clean andsweet.Keep it handy, Mother! A little given today saves a sick child tomorrow,ibut get the genuino Ask your druggist for a 50-cent bottle of "CaliforniaSyrup of Figs," which has directionsfor babies, children of all ages andgrown-ups plainly on the bottle. Remember there are counterfeits soldhere, so surely look and see thatyours 4s made by the "California FigSyrup Company." Hand' back withcontempt any other fig syrup,(adv)LOCAL AUTO FIRM SELLSA FRANKLIN TOURING CARThe Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.sold last week to Mr. James Stiversa Franklin touring car which will bej uenvered to him within the next fewwut;ii.s.Dr. Clara B. Mathews has returned from Lafayette. Ind., where sne ac-I tended the wedding of her niece. MissLenore Williams to Mr. James Douglas Luckett, of Virginia, which occurred last Thursday.MODERATE PRICESFor up-to-date Suits, Coats, Dresses,Skirts and Millinery - at moderateprices, gc- to Simon's.LOCAL MULE MARKETREMAINS VERY ACTIVEThe local mule market continuesactive, due in a great measure to thedemand for work stock, owing to theapproach of the season for smineplowing, and many sales are being reported. Tne nrm o Caywood & McClintock sold yesterday to John Cain,two mules for $425; to Claude Redmon two mules for $385; to Jos. W.Wright one mule for ?150; to WilliamHarris two mules for ?425. They alsosold to Mr. Whitesides, of Atlanta,3a., two head of horses for $385.REVENUE ASSIGNMENTSIN BDURSON FOR APRILThe following are the revenue assignments in Bourbon for the monthOf April fG. G. Wbite Co., Paris: W. W. Cherry, day; Oscar Grigsby, bottling;' W.S. Lyne, gauger. ",Julius Kessler & Co., Paris: W. J.3ESW ' S-V W3mmmmmmWSmmmWSSKSSmLSm iJmmW &H&P?nLOST.Ladies gold watch with initialsand date inside of cover, "R. P. C. toM. F. E. August 27, 1873." Lost between Tucker's store and Ford & Co.Suitable reward for return to thisoffice. (It)tfTwo rooms on third floor of Agricultural Bank Building. Heat andwater furnished.(17-tf)FOR SALE.Baled Hay.A. B. HANCOCK.Home Phone 560,Cumberland Phone 783.(13-6t)NOTICE.Notice is hereby given that the uddprsianed will not be responsible foranv accounts contracted by any .person without his personal permission.RUFUS P. STIVERSParis, Ky., March 25, 1914.(27-3t)Executor's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Julia Doyle, deceased, are requesteG to present sameoroperly proven according to law tothe undersigned for payment. Thoseknowing themselves indebted to saidEstate will please call aund settle.FRANK SULLIVAN.I Kenton, day and bottling; J. P. Executor of the Estate of Mrs. JulieHllf.tth P.raft. nrJflirinnnl- W.- Q f.wio )mr1a Vtanancorl s- iyyyV'4:::::::::::FOR SALEPIERCE-ARROW7-passenger Touring Car, 1911 model; in perfectcondition. Cost $6,000, will sell for& fifl ash; F-O. B.P&9JJJ LOUISVILLEAddiA. H. DAH RINGER, foluoruv11!ldegs-OAROEN TIEHEBE.You'll soon be in needof garden seed of someWe have a full line ofD. M. Ferry & Cos seedsin packages at 5 and 10c.Both early and late varieties. Also a full line of Flower Seeds in packages at5, 10, 25 and 50 cents.Sweet Pea and Nasturtium Seeds which we sellat 10c an ounce.People's PharmacyDo3'le Building 8th and MainIJoth PhonesA$0froIThe Purest and 2the Bestill Home Rendered10-Pound Cans, - $1.4050-Pound Cans, - $6,50mmwBros,,Paris, KenfxsckyBoth Phones32GO99mm9999999999999aeguager. ' " '' r ' - (4-lmo.)V t4 ";3w- i titTHE BOURBON NEWS, . PARIS, KENTUCRY, MARCH 31, 1914'IHAS TMt Hfc.5l 0OF ALL LINES MAOECSOCIAL MD PERSONAL.BOY WANTED.Boy wanted to learn printer's tradeA?ply at News office.VARNISH SALE.Judge Harmon Stitt was a visitorI in Lexington Saturday.m ; Mrs. J. C. Elgin is quite ill at her- hoiflp on Convent Heights.Mrs. Withers Davis is quite ill at 'I j . - T'IT r "u -" xopitai. ,iurs. unanton Alexander, Mr. and. iijr ouvus, ui jrcxiiigiun, Airs, waiter Kenney, Mr. and Mrsco . vxoHui in iTciiis oaiuruciy.f Carey Clay, -James McClintock, eorne-jlius James.Ir. Joseph M. Rion is quite illat ins nonie on West Second street.Mrs. Houck, of Cynthiana, is visiting Mrs. W. E. Ellis, in this city.Mr. Wallace Clark is confined to;his home on Fifteenth street with aslight illness.mr. ana Mrs. S. G. Clay. Mr. andESCAPES FROM PESf HOUSE; -CAPTUREDIN' NICHOLAS CO.Special varnish sale at Lambert's.FOR THE YOUNG FOLKS.Mis. Elizabeth Dundon lists returned after a visit in Lexington.Mrs. B. Stern has returned froma visit with friends and relatives inBirmingham, Ala.Mr. Harold Johnson, of Cleveland, O., was the guest of relativesin this city Sunday.All kinds of Children's Dresses andCoats from the babies up to sixteenjears of age, at moderate prices can ; Sunday ateter an extended trip toLouisiana ana inoriaa.Mrs. Lucy Sprake has returnedfrom a visit with her sister, Mrs. Mattie S. Barr, in Cynthiana.Mrs. Mary Nichols, of this city.tj. a. weuber, Mr. and Mrs. Chas.Fithian, Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Hancock,Mr. and Mrs. 'C. A. McMillan, Mr. andMrs. Ed. Prichard, Mr and Mrs. Buckner Woodford,. Jr., Mr. and Mrs. F.P. Clay, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Ferguson; Mrs. James Ferguson, Mrs. Geo.Alexander , Miss Elizabeth Steele,Miss Elizabeth Brown, Miss Kate Al-Mr. Clay Sutherland returned i exander, Miss Rachel' Wiggins, Miss"Ve found at Simon's.cOURBON TEACHERS RECEIVESEVENTH MONTH'S PAY.The county teachers were paid theirsalaries ofr ahe seventh month Saturday by Miss Mabel Robbins, countysuperintendent.DEMONSTRATIONoration at Varden & Son's, on April4th. (It)BAPTIST LADIES TO SERVECOURT DAY DINNERBess Holladay, Miss Mayme Holladay,Miss Carolyn Roseberry, Mrs. WhiteVarden, Miss Marie Talbott, MissMary Mitchell, Miss Frances Clay;Messrs. Wm. Blakemore, CharltonClay, Ireland Davis, Tom Prichard,t- mice fho nhi.Mnmol DiRnlavci wood finishes during the demon-j visit to Miss Beatie Farris, in this.., 1 11.. -!- r . . " "wus utKeii ao uie Aiassie Memorial Joseph Hall, Frank Sledd, J. W.Hospital, Friday, for treatment. ! Young, Graham Young, Charles Fith-M5 Frank WriShtf of Winchester, , ian, Thomas Walker, Lucien Arnspar-vissxLtsu uis5 parents, lvir. ana Mrs. J. w. ' "-prvviiguL, near r-ans, &aturaay ana bunday. Miss Minnie Farris has returnedto her home in Flemingsburg, after aI city.Judge and Mrs. Robert L. Stoutleft yesterday for Frankfort, whereJudge Stout convened court yesterday morning.Mr. M. H. H. Davis will leave today for Louisville to inspect Louisville to inspect Louisville Commandsi No. 1, in that city, tonight.Prof. W. E. Freeman and wife,FREEThe unlimited Free Chi-Namel offermade by Varden & Son, during thespecial demonstration shows the extent of their confidence in the makegood quality of that brand of varnish.(It)BROKEN TROLLEY WIRE MELTSGAS PIPE IN JEWELRY STOREA trolley wire whichcame m contact witnbroke andan electricAs usual the ladies of the Episcopal church will serve their annualApril Court day dinner in the base-,i -. fho nmvrt limicip nn Afondav.mil 6 county court day. The price jwho were recently married in Omaha, J light service and grounding in a com-lor dinner will be ou cents.SPRING FOOTWEAR.The dainty Parisian styles in smartpumps, tangos and English walkingeifects.Also, the Baby Dolls in all leathersand widths, now on display, at(27-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.FOR SALE.Alsike and Red Clover Seeds, Timothv Seed; also choice NorthernWhite Seed Oats; high germination.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.(17-3wks.LCCAL FIRM CLOSES BIGDEAL FOR BLUE GRASSNebraska, spent Sunday with Mr. andMis. W. 0 Hinton, on High street.Mr. Sherman Snapp, who is traveling for the Royal Baking PowderCo., was a visitor in Paris Sunday,the guest of his mother, Mrs. AliceSnapp.bination chandelier, caused considerable excitement, in the jewelry storeof A. J. Winters & Co. yesterday afternoon. The gas pipe in ;he chandelier was melted in several places andthe gas was ignited. It was .accompanied bv a slight explosion whichA big deal in Blueconsummated last-veil-known Paris firm of Chas. SBrent & Bro., bouB-t 12,000 bushels!of the 1912 crop in Madison county.The seed was purchased from H. B.Hanger, W. C. Bennett, and T. D.Chenault, and brought the sellers thetotal of nearly $10,000. The piles issaid to be a little lower tha.i liaprevailed for some time.FOR SALE.Mr. John Ireland who has been j alarmed those in the store, but noa judge at the Juarez race track all linage was done. The burning gaswinter has arrived in Lexington for m0unted to a height of about two feetthe meeting of the Kentucky Associa-! .ind tlie service was cut off until thetion. damage could be reoaired.The dansant given Thursday jevening at the Elks' Hall was another . .- t . .. f c .of those delightful events. The oc-1 nre, wind and lightning insur-ca3ion was thoroughly enjoyed by , ance Thomas & Woodford.those piasent. ilusic was furnished jbv a piano and trap drum. Those at- itending were: FIFTEENTH STREET HOMEMr. and Mrs. Horace Bacon, of, ENTERED BY BURGLARS.Lowell, Mass., were hero last week! to attend the funeral of Mr. Charles i The residence of Mr. Robert Mcln-formerly ' tyre, on Fifteenth street was enteredThursday night. Theycoat belonging to Lutheri v-iit to Mrs. Meng, who is there for . Mclntyre and a small amout of money.the benefit of her health. ;Messrs. John Stuart and Paul; SANITARY COUCH.Brannon entertained with a delightful 'aarce Saturday evening at uie 3loose , We are offering a beautiful Sanitaryer-3 seed wa hIc"- Mrs- Bacon was formerly ; tyre, on Fifteenv'eelT when the ' -,I:S Iale Meng, or Bourbon. They by burglars Tliv'm nf rii c; left Sunday for Hot Sorings, Ark., for ' took an overcoaCotton Saed Meal Hulls also.Shelled Corn and High-Grade TobaccoFertilizers for sale byR. B. HUTCHCRAFT.(17-3 wks)DINING TABLES.Thin of this beautiful diningrcom tallies at S4.75 up to $38.50 during our February and March sale.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.Hall. Those present were: Misses c0UCh at ?2.75 during our FebruaryKatherine Woods, Mai ian Lj'nch, am farch sale.Mary Woods, Marguerite Douglas, ! (27-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.Mary Allen Hutchcraft, Gertrude Sli-1 . -cei ."ayme iviamiers, Mary i-iayaen, iMessrs. John Stuart, Paul Brannon,Fiitz Kiei'arl, Bob Adair, Hiram'4dair, Robert Mitchell, Madison' Wash goods, all the newest mate5moot. L-cien Arn-3ararer. William i it-is and designs, at Simons.Mitchell, Lawrence Hill, Robert Link,THE NEWEST.Harvey Kennedy, j. Nicholas countyboy, escaped from the pest housejnear this city Friday and made hisway back to Carlisle. He was justrecovering from a case of small pox iand was wearing the clothing that he 'had used about the pest house. Judge jC. A. McMillan notified Judge JamesMitchell, of Carlisle, who with theassistance of Dr. Spencer and C. C.Dunn, Chief of Police, located Kennedy in Dorseyville, a suburb of Carlisle. He was returned to the pesthouse here. The presence of the boyin Carlisle caused considerable excitement there as there has not beena case of 'small pox in that city in agreat while, and it was feared that before he could be taken he would havecome in contact with a large numberof citizens.ASTONISHING TESTSYou'll see some astonishing tests ofChi-Namel, thai, waterproof varnish,at the special demonstration at Varden & Son's store, on April 4. (It)ATTENTION, YOUNGi MEN, YOUNG WOMEN!Do you desire a position in the classified civil service? Post Office ClerksLetter Carriers, Railway Mail Clerks,etc., in demand. AgeiS 18 to 45. Salary 75to $150 monthly. Hundredsof appointments to fill vacancies, extension of service and Parcel' Post.Mr. H. L. Carl will be at the WindsorHotel in Paris on Tuesday, April 7,inquiring for young men and womenwho desire to qualify for these appointments. He will be there oneday only, noon until 9 p. m. Thoseinterested should call and see h:mwitho'it fail. Minors must be accompanied by parents.(2r-3t)IJ FOR THIS WEEK ONLY.2 200 (Vfessaline Silkg Petticoats, Price. $1v29J Our Regular $2.00 Number.0 AH the regular Spring Colors, Tango, Kelly Green,Copenhagen, Navy King Blue, Ye!lovfGrey Ameri-can Beauty, Black and White.COME QUICK IF YOU WANT THEM.riW; Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.44444-tfra rtHi&aWe have been in this communityand in this same store, which wenamed "The Fair Store," now 21years, and old-fashioned . honesty isstill the best policy, or we would probably not be here today. But we arestill here, and will offer the entireweek, or as long as they last, heavy10-quart size Galvanized Iron Pails at10c. each: 12-quart size at 12c. each;14-quart size at 14c. each.Don't you want to make your homemore attractive? . Then why not select ycur wall paper now, and let oneof our expert paper hangers put it onbefore the rush season is on? Westill have on hand a select line of attractive patterns, bought fiom theNations! ,Fivo and Te Cent Store,am we arf disnosing of thorn at justabuot half of their actual value.THE EAJR.1?IoooS.T.Dress Making and Ladies'Tailoring141 East Main Street .Lexington, Ky.Announces the Arrival of her UsualExtensive and Carefully Selected- Line of eT&aterials For -Gowns, Suits and WrapsYour Patronage is S6licited.oe4oeoetGRAND OPERA CONCERTON GRAFONOLA AT CHURCHThere will be a Grand Opera Conp.prt at the Bautist church FridayMcKEE MAY STAGE BOXINGBOUTS IN PARIS SOON.John B. McKee.the Lexington boxing promoter, was in Paris Saturdaynight en route to his old home in Mt.Sterling, from Cincinnati, where he-was in conference with a number ofwell-known boxers, who he hopes toresent to the fight fans of the Bluegross section in the near future. Mr.McKee stopped over in Paris to consult with a number of his friends asto the advisibiliay of staging a boutin this city some time during themonths of April or May.ALL GRADES.All grades of Tobacco Cotton at lowprices at Simon's.PARIS BOY TO TAKE ,llk,An.lrtMLAW EXAMINATIONAttorney Maury Kemper, on behalf of Judge Charles A. McMillan,of the County Court, filed the application of Oscar Taylor Hinton, ofParis, for a lav.' examination. Mr.u9m is a son of Mr. and Mrs. W.O. Hinton, of Paris, and a grandsonof Mayor John T. Hinton. Mr. Hinton is a senior member of the lawioeo nf Ann Arhnr "University ofMfetin teolKLSTL byEugene Elder.A special from New York says:"The annual luncheon of the GreaterNew York agency of the FidelityIutual Life Insurance Company, heldat Uie note! savoy bevenu uayb af "--.., A;1 b n tho Rrnfmnla..was in reality a celebration of the. - best musicDinhday anniversary of Frederick A. A.,p , r " v", " f1 Arimiqeion freeWallis, manager of the local office of w be ,idered Admission tree,.he company, and o.ie of the most' silver offering. Come!prominent ex- Kentuckians now resia-mg in ahe metropolis. Mr. Wallis, : SEED OATSwho is a former Paris man, and who ivas secretary of the Kentucky State j we have the highest grades of SeedSociety for several years, received a oats, Red Clover, Alsike, Alfalfa andmagnificent desk set as a gift from ; Timothy Seed, at right prices. See:he members of his staff." us before placing your orders. FeedNews items from Winchester are ' 0ats in any quantity,as follows: CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO."Misses Bernadotte Brannon and t (90-tf) Phones 14.Elizabeth Gregory and Messrs Leo j "and Thomas Brannon and George; A STORE OF QUALITYToohey motored to Winchester this I .week "to be the guests of Miss Anna i Tue Lambert Co., Inc., successors toMae McCourt an z her attractive Albert jones.guests, Misses Mary Brannon anaMargaret Toohey.The dancing class of Mrs. WhiteVarden gave a delightful german Saturday afternoon at the Elks Hall.The occasion was one of the mostbeautiful of the season, and was attended by the members of the class.Invitations were issued only to tnenarents ot tne pupiis, a, iais uumuci.responding.The german was led by Mr. ireianaDavis and Miss Katherine Wilson andmany new and attractive figures wereintroduced and gracefully executed.Each of the dancers carried wands ofdaffodils.The colors were yellow and white,and were prettily carried out in ther prorations. 'Calvert ana99699ttG9933eeSd99SaS8SQQQOQOC9S9SSeeft69e99J. I.!NT0N CO.he BigdaySale Closes Tues- iyoung men attending that universiayGARDEN SEED ANDSEED POTATOESap-We have all kinds of Garden Seedand Seed Potatoes.(31-2t) ' C. P. COOK, & CO.JUDGE STOUT GRANTS DIVORCETO MRS. ANNIE SHARP HOPKINSJudge Robert L. Stout in the Circuit Court Friday granted Mrs. AnnieSharp Hopkins, of Sharpsburg, Bathcountv, an absolute divorce from herhusband, Henry T. Hopkins, of LittleRock, this county. The couple weremarried in Lexington , October 10,1910.In her petition Mrs. Hopkins prayedfor an absolute divorce and asked thecourt to revert to her such propertyho'nnmnfr in her "as was in the handsof her husband. She alleged thatduring the three years of their married life Hopkins had spent upwardsof 20.000 of her estate.Befer? the case was submitted toJudge Stont amended petitions wereWed by die plaintiff in which a portion cf the allegations were omitteaand a financial settlement e"ectea ou.of couri. , .Mrs. Hopkins is a daughter of thelate Waller Sharp., for years a prjnvnk$ ' jnoTLChant, ;ofe"Shar?slurg, Bathcounfey. . ' Jpointed table decorated in yellow andwhite jonquils and violets, and servedf rappe. '"I! 'Mrs. Edward Prichard and MissElizabeth Steele presided at the favor (table. The favors were tiny chickens,baskets, rabbits and other Easter ar-jtides. Those present were: j"Misses Mary Brannon and Marga- (ret Toohy, of Paris, are guests of Miss tAnna Mae McCourt. Miss Mccourtentertained on Wednesday evening jwith an informal reception in tneir (honor. A number of guests were,present for the affair, which was oneof the prettiest of the season. Daintylight refreshments were served." jMisses Valette McClintock, FrancesKenney, Nancv Barbee Wilson, LucyHall Ferguson, Mary Kenney Webber,Anna Louise White Mary Louise Clen- (denin, Elizabeth Hedges, Alice var.imrino Wailinsrford. Vanita Baldwin Yolo Dundon, Irene Brambtett,Liliian Wallingford, Florsnce Hedges,Stevenson. Calvert &nd Parrlsh;Ir". Vn'o Raldvin Winst' Dunbar Russell Frank, Walter Kenney,Preston White, Horace Miller Clay,John James, Horold Beheler, ThomasMcCl'iitocli, Gideon Tucker, TurneyCl&v, Georgo Ardery, Stuart Wallingford, Forost Lettou, John VanMeterWcodford, Frances 'Clay, Jac Lair;9wj.... ( maniiniii nn ! im-r-TTT wi -IE iOEvening.You are. Missing a Great Opportunity if You Don't SupplyYour Wants Now.9x12 Matting Rugs $2.429x12 Matting Rug, Reversibie . . 2J5These Rugs are of extragood quality, and should beseen to be appreciated.Children lovethe VictrolaFrom earliest childhoodthe Victrola has a place in ithelives cf the children.Merely fascinating themat first, it soon becomes asource of instruction aswell as entertainment.The Victrola gives correctformation to their musicaltastes by accustoming themto music that is worth while.Come in and hearthe Victrola bringthe children with youand let them enjoy ittoo.' $15 to $200easy terms if desired.DaughertvSBros.lllflll 8 I Inline Mffi94r?iS&mwB wJRlllllll I Uill JSIaHBBLearn WHERE WmMOSMto buy. 1 mfWMyl111 III 111 V niiiiMmKtOK9 Z&jf Sfurniture. fl KS Iillllll Hhl llii!wir HJOIN OURIstdis Cabinet(M.Mr.and Mrs.It savesHorn: love :time an.d trouble and mensyto go to the right store for your furniture. When you come to our store youwill not have to look anywhere else, foryo.u will want to BUY OP US; and youwill save money, for our. prices arereasonable. When you come to us once,you will come again when you buy furniture. Get acquainted with our storeand learn where to buy furniture to thebest advantage in quality and price.Easy JTerms.We are showing all thenew Ideas and xolorings in.WALLDECORATIONSLet us show you the QUALIIY LINE.TMi Hii1 o- till 1 i'flCOMPANYiMU t 07 PairsSj Kentucky-Phones 3J ' " Undertaking?-Ambulance Wod Mantelsp.-ki!iw::zm-THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KY., MARCH 31, 1941flOW,WHEN AND WHY: A SECOND ADVENTjSurer Divines on Right Track,- Says Pastor Russell.NEW NECKWEAR STYLEGREATER VARIETY NOW THANFOR MANY SEASONS.Taffeta, in the Prettiest of Colorings,as Popular as Ever High Standing Medici Collar AlsoMuch Liked.jraSTQg. RUSSELL)Even to give a general descriptionof the new neckwear is difficult, because there is such a wide range ofstyles. One might say that the liststarts with the plain flare collar andends with a soft vest girdle. So variedin length are these accessories thatRESIDENT M. MENOCAL3UYS GREAT SHOW MARESTOMACH HEALTHOR NO COST TO YOUNo World-Burning Satan to BeBound Sin, Sickness and Death to jBe Conquered Man to Be Delivered.The Power Vested In Messiah HisKingdom NearHow It Will Appear.Denver, Dec 1.This city is stirred!Seventeen pastorsof "all denoinina- jtions have Jbeen jdiscussing The Sec- jond Advent for a Jmonth. Nowcomos iPastor Russell telling us all that"The Earth ahideth forever" thatit will never be destroyed by literalfire. According tohim the great event of Christ's Coming will bring blessings such as weall desire. He seems to have the Bibleind. logic on his side too!Pastor Russell declared that falseconcepts of the Second Coming ofChrist had done great injury. The-view set forth in all orthodox creedsis that Christ will come again in the'flesh. The resurrection will take place,-within twenty-four hours. The saintlywill rise in the air to meet the Lord.!Then fire -will come down from heaven, and consume the whole earth. Preiniliennialists claim that Christ willxeign in fleshly glory a thousand years ' .to bless the living. The majority of thf ma fish Wlth an ordinaryChristians disown this as ridiculous llar' or may lengthen untilnonsense because thy believe little of j the' Tere mto a soft SirdIe at the-creed or Bible. A minority perceive ) ai,s"ine- .-4.,t rifu v. THw Taffeta, as In dresses and coats, isIts inconsistency with the Bible. . - , ,1 much in evidence m the latest neckWhat Bible Students Now See. j wear It ig geen in pompadour weavesThe "fire of that day" is symbolical, , with their ioveiy colorings, as well asalready kindling in society, the ele- jn tjje shaded weaves and solid colors,ments of which. Capital and Labor, j Taffeta ruches and Medici collars ofare getting hotter. Soon they will the same silk will in a measure takemelt the symbolical "earth" -will be tne place of the ostrich feather andconsumed with the "heavens" also, the 1 malines neckpieces which have baenecclesiastical powers. Their passing j in fav0r so long, and which are wornaway 'will usher in a ,new earth," or ( jn tn6 early autumn and in the firstsocial order, and "new heavens." the warm days of spring when neckpiecesChurch in glory. I of fur would be too clumsy and warm.The Second Coming of Christ is as- One of the most attractive of Ithe tafBociated with blessings. Messiah will feta neckpieces introduced this seasonabolish the curse and bring in wonder- consisted of a high standing Mediciful blessings. The Day of Christ will ' collar of pompadour silk softened bybe "the last Day," the great Seventh frnis 0f cream-tinted lace. The taf-Thousand-year Day. All humanity will feta had a black ground strewn over jbe blessed, including the dead who will with large, red roses and green leavesPresident Mario Menocal, of the Republic of Cuba, well known saddle.orse enthusiast, has purchased the;reat show mare, Hazel Dawn, winnerif a large string of blues, one of thelandsomest saddle mares ever bredn the Blue Grass.Hazel Dawn was shown the last feweasons by her owner, W. G. Shrophire, of Winchester, formerly of3aris. She was awarded first prenium over some of the best five-gaited"Very likely others have advisedyou to use Rexall Dyspepsia Tablets,because scores of people in this community believe them to be the bestremedy ever made for Dyspepsia andIndigestion. That is what we think,too, because we know what they havedone for others, and what they aremade of. We have so much faith inthem that we urge you to try them atour risk. If they don't help you theyl won t cost you a cent. It they don'tA new sled has a single runner in , But there is always this hope fcr a.ont for steering: and an nrlriTfinnnf "mniivn,iriiA a r. sf . .front for steering and an additionalone between the rear pair, which canbe projected to elevate the sled andmake it-a monorail affair.Of German invention is a new thiefalarm, small enough to be carried inthe vest pocket, which explodes anoisy cap it any object unuer whichit is placed be moved.CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETSFOR CONSTIPATIONr-iuium uvi aume ut uie ucol iivc-gct lcu , .,. . . . - ,. or COnSlipailOn,lorses in tne countryat tne tfourbon , thftV d,t - . rp vmir afnh .".Tablets are excellenvair nere, ana at uemue rass air, ;. -Uh - m . - r ,? "h"" " mild and gentle m effect. Give themChamberlain'sare excellent. Easy to take,. 1r, t.? f,o Tr0nfnv Qf0f ' health and make your digestion easyairf'at Louisville, besides any num- just tu7us afnd Je willve your3er of other horse shows and fairs in money back wlthout a wrd or ques-lll parts of the country. I' ... .,. .t; . , . A1 Containing Bismuth and Pepsin,The mare was purchased for the Cu- two of the greatest digestive aidsban chief executive through his repre- hmmvn tn mndinni snipp thpv snnfbosentaUve, Fred Wolfe, of Havana, the inflamed stomach lining, help in)wxiu iius ucbu iii me Diue iiclss mr tne secretion of gastric juice, checkSU1UB UU1B 1UUH1IIK 1UI O. SUUaUie.honrflrn on1 ,'c.froo rv,f-. u.uu. , iw.fvt.v tomount for President Menocal. Theorice paid for Hazel Dawn was ?4,500.3he was shipped to Cuba Wednesdaymorning. While in Kentucky Mr.Wolfe also purchased from Mr. Shropshire the handsome walk-trot mare,Beechwood Belle.THE MOTHERS' FAVORITEA cough medicine for childrenshould be, harmless. It should bepleasant to take. It should be effectual. Chamberlain's Cough Remedyis all of this and the mothers' favoriteeverywhere. For sale by all dealers.(March) (adv)ular bowel action, and make it possible for you to eat whatever you likewhenever you like, with the comforting assurance that there will be nobad aftereffects. We believe them tobe the best remedy made for dyspepsia and indigestion. Sold only at themore than-7,000 Rexall Stores, and inthis town only at our store. Threesixes, 25c, 50c, and $1.00. G. S. Varden & Son. (adv)When express companies' wagonscarry big signs soliciting businessand telling of the new cut rate, itlooks as though the parcel post mustbe pretty well patronzed.a trial. For sale by all dealers.(March) (adv)mollycoddle" good boy he is apt torun across some tough kid who willtake it out of him.Did it ever occur to you that themajority of men who live the simplelife are separated from the rest ofthe world by double strength steelbars?RST CLASS SERVICE ATFREEMAN'S BARBER SHOP.Having engaged the service of LouisLivers, an experienced barber, I amnow prepared to handle my trade andgive the most thorough satisfaction.Give me a call and be convinced.BUCK FREEMAN.Designee!andPatented JTh.fc,1887 1MKk 'I 1u A ITwenty-seven Years Agothe first Cortright Metal Shingles were put on.TheStandardEver SinceThey're still on still in good condition, andthe only attention they've had is an occasionalcoat of paintIn addition to the lasting qualities, they'reFireproof, Stormproof and inexpensive.II i For Sale by3EST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.Princess Lace, Ribbon Bow.JH OWf LONG DOfrAUTOMOBILE LAST?There is a general opinion that an automobila willast TWO OR THREE YEARS. This is based on theexperience of the owners of many different makes ofcars.An automobileisworn out when the expense of re-pairs becomes excessive, when it reaches a pcint wherethejmachine'islnot wcrththe ccst of repairing, or whenit hasJdevelopedradical troubles that cannot be corrected.We claim that the CADILLAC WILL LST2f VT Anon ordinary use, with reasonable careU i HAK5 that during this period the cost ofrepairs will be smaller than that of any other automobilefor a like period, and that with a reasonable outlay it canbe put in practically as good condition any time withinthat period as it was when it first left the factory.Wt We have a booklet (free for the asking) that explains the great durability of the Cadillac. But here we are giving astestimony of fact extracts from original letters (all in our files and subject to inspection) from owners of1909 CADILLACS i!EJhen be awakened.Christ Comes to Reign.j in soft tones. The wide lace frills1 were placed inside next the neck and ifnll mm thn l,?r,V. rtxnJtnn -lln - 1 AAs the redemption was necessary fell over the high standing collar of3foc man's salvation so Messiah's Kingdom is necessary to accomplish restitu--tion. The delay of more than eighteencenturies is Scrlpturally explained: (1)-rJGod designed Sis Great One Thousand Year Days to teach mankind the j'Exceeding sinfulness of siu. He purposed that on the Seventh Day ihe ' iltlvAfInM n XfnoofnVt oilMill! Slmk fVI I-&m5StlU Ul .UCMWU 3UWUIU V.ULUC -JLu important work has been douesince Calvary. An Elect Church hasteen gathered out of all nationssaints made perfect through suffering,-a Ottle Flock, the "Church of the-Slrst-borns." These are to become the:Sride of Christ at His Second Advent."The Second Coming of Jesus is toxlaim His Bride class, and to exalttbem. As regards the world. He coniesto bind Satan, to overthrow sin. andto uplift fallen humanity. Sr. IVtertells that Restitution work, not a literaitarmng of the world, awaits the Second Coming of Jesus: "Times of refreshing shall come from the presence-of the Lord." Acts iii, 19-21.Christ's Kingdom to Be Spiritual. ! taffeta, extending in jabot effect downX)ne great mistake we have all made each Bide of a v front-l , i XSREflfiT At 'ttSt: 1"y-Tii ii i i 1 1 ii kxv : "vi m r i i n u ,m ' J-K . , mm 1ifr .T . A ? iII I'llIJi.Waistcoat of Net and Taffeta.THE FIDELITY AND CASUALTY COMPANY'A OF NEW YORK.Louisville, Ky., March 16, 1914.My 1909 Cadillac is giving perfect satisfaction, and withinthe last twelve months the cost of repairs to my engine hasonly been 35c. I firmly believe that this car is as good todayas it was when first sold by you and that I have as muchpower in my engine now as it had when ne,w. My car is givingperfect satisfaction in every respect.B. F. PEARCY.BUTTON BROS.,Wholesale and Retail Staple and Fancy Groceries.My Cadillac purchased of you is now five years old andhas been five years in service. It is now in first-class runningorder. There has been no decrease in power of the engine, thecar picks up speed rapidly and pulls any hill around Louisvillewith ease on the high speed. P. F. BUTTON.FIRST NATIONAL BANK,Harrodsburg, Ky., March 6 1914.The Cadallac car I purchased from you five years ago isin good condition, giving as good service as it did the firstyear.You have given prompt service in caring for my car atall times. JOHN .BREWER.DOW WIRE AND IRON WORKS.Louisville, Ky., March 6, 1914.The 1909 car I bought from you five years ago runs splendidly today. I have had "absolutely no engine troubles and on thelast trip we made through the country the machine made thehills just as well as the day we bought it.M. HUME LOGAN.DEHNARD COMPANY,Louisville, Ky., March 6, 1914.Our car purchased from you in 1909 has given us complete satisfaction from the day it was purchased and afterhaving the same thoroughly overhauled, which has just beencompleted, we look forward to the use of this par for manyyears to come. DENHARD COMPANY.P. N. CURL,Wholesale Grocer.New Albany, Ind., March 5, 1914.Our 1909 Cadillac has been giving splendid satisfaction andis in No. 1 shape at the present time. I have taken good carewith the car as the material and workmanship seem to befirst-class and the car is wearing well and giving us goodservice. I can cheerfully recommend the Cadillac car to anyone who wants a good car. P. N. CURL.-is in not noticing tba,t Jesus was human for only thirty-three and a half.years. He was a glorious spirit beingbefore He was made flesh: and Hera? resurrected to a spirit condition-'liigher than His original one. How-ioollsh we were to think of Jesus as aman (a little lower than angels) in themMst of the Heavenly host He is nowpartaker of the Divine nature; His-Church is to be "changed" and made"like Him." As His descent was froms hlfflipr tn n Inwpr. so His nsppnt w:isirom a lower nature to a higher, "far at th f,ront wJtn, three cryBtel- .,Tr0ic ' wfc c t,o ovnodin,r ...o. buttons. At the armhole of the bodybove angels.' His is the exceeding glory which "no man hath seen nor can see"" which no man can approach unto."It is this glorious Being whose KiugMom is about to be established. Heand His Cbiircb will be as invisibleto men as are Satan and the fallenangels. The appearances of Jesus in"tie flesh after His resurrection werejDAterializations, to prove: (1) thatThere is quite vogue for waistcoats this spring. They are fashioned from all sorts of material, including taffeta in every shade, pique,linen, crepe and net. White net combined with white chiffon taffeta formedthe materials used for one of thesmartest vests seen this season, andwhich is shown in the illustration.The body of the ve; is aaade of finenet shirred on the shoulders andagain shirred at the bottom into awaistcoat or high girdle which fas-rwas no longer dead; (2) that He ? bJutt01nB are effectively utilized iniuo ucrciupuicui ul me yupuiar uuuu.These materials are used alone or inwas changed, born of the Spirit, ableto go and come like the wind.Parousia, Epiphania, Apokalupsis.Messiah's Kingdom will have earthlyrepresentatives the faithful saints ofprevious ages, raised to human perfec4ou instantly. Through these the InTisible Messianic Kingdom will op--srate.Jesus said, "Ye shall see Abralm, Isaac, Jacob and all the prophets-in the Kingdom."The parousia of Jesus will come firstpresent but invisible. The world willcontinue with the ordinary affairs orHfe (while He Is gathering the Church),sub In the days of Noah.After the gathering of the Church,tfcere will be an epiphania and an apoIctlupsis of Jesus. He will shine forth.He will be revealed not in flesh, butIn flaming fire," the trouble of thatDay, in which the present order will- consumed in anarchy, giving placethe Kingdom Dispensation. jof the vest, which is nothing morethan a slit from shoulder to girdle,there is a narrow plaited frill of net.The soft crush collar is of the whitetaffeta. There are also exquisite little waistcoat formed of pompadourtaffeta in light or dark tones to suitthe fancy of the wearer..Shadow lace, chiffon, net and crys-combination, and any combinationseems to be successful if it is cleverlyworked out. 'MARY DEAN.Dainty Idea.A small square of thin silk in anycolor may be hemstitched. In thecenter of this square sew a disk ofbatiste, to be drawn up by a drawstring, which incloses a tiny powderpuff. When pulled up it resembles asilk handkerchief and is worn tomatch the costume, being thrust inthe corsage.BERRYMAN BROS.,Groceries, Queensware, Glassware, Wood and Willow Ware.Versailles, Ky., March 5, 1914.My 1909 car is just tqo good and reliable to give up yet.I made a 216 mile trip one day last fall with her and sheran just as 'good as she did the day I got her never misseda shot.As for prompt and efficient service, on two occasions having broken a part I was 45 minutes getting one piece andabout sixty minutes getting the other one. Am 14 miles fromservice depot.One of my friends laid up four weeks for the Same repairs.He don't drive a Cadillac. H. BROTHER,KOSMOS PORTLAND CEMENT CO.,Louisville, Ky., March 5, 1914.Our 1909 Cadillac has seen hard service for five years andis still in excellent condition and giving as good results asever. No car could be more reliable than it is. On the fewoccasions that we have needed them, your shop and supplyservices have been remarkably prompt and efficientKOSMOS PORTLAND CEMENT CO., -(Inc.)Charles Horner, Vice-Pres. and Gen'l Mgr.St. Matthews, Ky., March 9, 1914.My 1909 Cadillac has given me good service, and haveplenty of speed. I get more satisfaction than most motorists.-GEO. R. KENNEDY,R. R. No. 20, St. Matthews, Ky.JAS. & CEO. E. CHAMPION,General Merchandise.Harrodsburg, Ky., March 6, 1914.Our 1909 Cadillac car is in perfect condition having drivenit eight thousand miles in the past year. We have receivedprompt service from your Lexington depot. vJAS. & GEO. E. CHAMPION.G. A. FIHE,Groceries, Meats and Vegetables.Louisville, Ky., March 5, 1914.My "1909 Cadallac has given me good service, and havehot hesitated about going anywhere with it.G. A. FIHE.Plaited Satin Hat.A new hat demonstrates the curiousway in which satin is being arrangedIn full plaits, "halo" fashion. In oneinstance it is trimmed with a yellowparadise mount and an encirclingribbon of yellow to match.HERBERT NEWMAN, D. D. S.Versailles, Ky., March, 1914.The 1909 Cadillac is still giving splendid service.I have had very few repair biUs during five years, andthey were made promptly and economically by your ServiceCompany.The assurance that if I needed any help, by a telephonecall, you would be ready to care for me in a most responsibleway, makes the Cadillac look good to me.HERBERT NEWMAN,' D. D. S.Louisville, Ky., March 7, 1914.My 1909 car looks as well, and runs as smoothly and nicelyand with as much power as it did when I first got it. It iswhen necessary. W. ED. GRANT.DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH.N Louisville, Ky., March 5, 1914.The present condition of our Cadillac car, although in usefive years, is good and giving good service, and with ordinarycare, will last many years yet. P,. F. COLEMAN.BENSINGER HOME FURNISHING CO.Jeffersonville, Ind., March 7, 1914.I now have my 1909 car ready for the fifth year of service,and believe it is good for another five years.CLIFFORD BENSINGER.LOUISVILLE DRYING MACHINERY CO:Louisville, Ky., March 12, 1914.I am now in the sixth season with my 1909 Cadillac touring car and am yet not anxious to part with it, as it is stilllgiving me most excellent service, the motor developing practically as much power as when "first put into serviceG. W. FISKE.XX:X AND NOW, AS DIRECT EVIDENCE, WE MAKE THE FOLLOWING TEST. XOn next Saturday, March 10, beginning at noon, we will tear down in our show room at 929 Third Ave., a 1909 Cadillacwhich has been running daily for five years without ever being overhauled, and will put the parts on display as they comeout. The public is cordially invited to attend and to examine these parts. This is a great oppprtunity to learn the exact condition of a Cadillac after an amount of use that would, almost send any other maKe oi car to tne scrap neap.WE INVITE YOU TO COME AND MAKE THE INSPECTION.KENTUCKY AUTOMOBILE CO., Inc., LOUISVILLE.CADILLAC SERVICE DEPOTLEXINGTON,. KENTUCKY.l?44MW4.tV.THE BOURBON NLWSrPARIS KENTUCKY, ftJ ,"jmmiMM'" mir-miiiiiM f iawowIsv K Asm.vS IhI Lameness ISloan's Liniment is a quickand reliable remedy for lameness in horses and other farmanimals."Sloau's Liniment surpasses anything on earth, for lameness in horsesand other horse ailments. I wouldnot sleep without it in my stable."SLumx Doyle,432 West 19th St., New York City.Good for Swelling and Abscess.TIr. II. M. Gibbs, of Lawrence, Kan.,B. F. D., 2o. 3, writes: " I had a marewith an abscess on her neck and one50c. bottle of Sloan's Liniment entirelycured her. I keep it all the time forgalls and small swellings and for everything about the stock." .SLOANSLINIMENTis a quick and safe remedyfor hog cholera.Governor of Georgia usesSloan's Liniment for Hog Cholera." I heard Gov. Brown (who is quite afarmer) say that he had. never lost ahog from cholera and that his remedyalways was a tablespoonf ul of Sloan'sLiniment in a gallon of slops, decreasing the doe as the animal improved.Lat month Gov. Brown and mvselfwere at the Agricultural Collegebuilding and in the discussion of theravages of the disease, Gov. Browngave the remedy named as unfailing."41 Observer."Sava'ah Daily News.At All Dealers. 25c, 50c. & S1.00.Sloin's Book on Hores, Cattle,Hogs and Poultry sent free.Address Br. Earl S. Sloan, Boston.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. Pinkhamiledicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority."Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold"' Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxtoa Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.Eg'the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothiner is more important in theJiome t nan clour, vteady light. Iusnrethis by gettins: the oil that burnsclear nn'l clem without a flickerdown to tnp lat rtrop Pennsylvaniacrude oil refinrri to perfection.f!o-t5 no niive than the inferioitnkwasnn rite-saves MONEY savesWORK aves eve".Your dial.r has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.b Chas. G. StoII Oil Co.Lexington, Ky-Ilcfinery at Warren, Pa.Y7c sell the celebrated "So Carb"Auto Oil.When you feel dcliscouraeecoufused, nemnr ;,-orf u'nrripd or desnondent it issure sign yoa need MOTT'S NERVERINPILLS. They renew the normal vigor armake life worth living. Be sure and askMott's Nerverine Pills gSilWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Prop., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist. Paris, Ky.Gurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank);3 - CHAIRS - 3c Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pal:ronage SolcRcd.News Overthe State wSmallpox Near Cynthiana.Cynthiana The smallpox epidemic has again appeared m this countythere being several cases in differentsections. The schools at Lair amRenaker have been closed. There ifno evidence of the epidemic in thifcity.Repaying Crop Loans.Lexington The $375,000 whicrwas loaned by the United StateTreasury to the Lexington banks foicrop-moving -purposes last fall, wilall to b repaid by the first of nexbeen partly repaid in monthly installments, and the last balance will brwiped out by April 1. A banker saidthat the financial situation here is excellent, there being plenty of businessand money easy.Exhume Gody Second Time.Lexington It became known herethat the body of Mrs. Laura WilderSimpson, former Chicago society girlwho died on February 23, from a bullet wound in her head, hadbeenexhumed and examined for a secondtime on last Saturday night.This source of information alsosaid that a physician and a lawyerfrom Chicago, whose names are notknown, conducted the second autopsy on the body Saturday night.Two Coroner's juries have returnednon-committal verdicts in the case,although-insisting that it was not suidide, while Laurence Simpson, thewidower of the dead woman, hasbeen insisting on a special grand juryinvestigation!! Judge Kerr, however,refused to impanel a second grandjury and said that the case would bepresented to the regular grand jurynext month.THICK, GLOSSY HAIRFREE FROM DANDRUFFGirls! 'Beautify Your Hair! Make itSoft, Fluffy and Luxuriant.Try as you will, after an applicationof Dahderine. you cannot find a single! trace cf dandruff or falling hair andyour scalp will not itch, but willplease you most, will be after a fewweek use, when you will see new hairfine and downy at first yes butreally, new hair growing all over thescalp.A little Danderine immediatelydoubles the beauty of your hair. Nodifference how dull, faded, brittle andscraggy, just moisten a cloth withDanderine and carefully draw itthrough your hair, taking one smallstrand at a time. The effect is immediate and amazing your hair will belight, fluffy and wavy, and have an appearance of abundance; an incomparable lustre, softness and luxuriance,the beauty and shimmer of true hairhealth.Get a 25-cent bottle of Knowlton'sDrnderine from any drug store ' orfniw rmntpr. nnd nrove that vourihair is as pretty and soft as anythat it has been neglected or inuredby careless treatment that's all.(adv)Why is it that a woman can "hoisti bracelet up on her forearm and itwill stay there all day, and that if aman hoists his cuffs jto wash hishands they dip into the water inabout three seconds.f It doesn't matter how nicely a wo-man is dressed, you can always get' her goat by staring at her shoes.Grandpa Mintliker says he can remember when they used to say to ayoung teiiow: uoes yum muuiciknow you are out?" instead of "Doyou know where your mother's lecturing tonight?"We all know a young man who con- jaiders himself a warm member because he burns the candle at bothends.Do you really -want to heal It? Bad enough tospend 25c. ? Then ro to the store and buy abox o! DR. BELL'SAntiseptic SalveIt is snow white and snow pure and If itdoesn't do the work, get your money back."Tell It By The Bell"m umbtwi3&czL .fflrFeel It HeaL , l C ' " ; - IIipM "When you swallow Dr. Bell's & (21 r ' ' ' "dm Plae -Tar-Honey you csa feel it Sk m3& ' " " ' r 38'II M heal. It soothes ozid smoothes the k uCnL . ' v ' &- Vfcr 2 A IkSIB raw spots" says Granny Metcalfe. , jLji' vl?m That'3 Granny's -way of saying It, after KSSt;',S. lHeighty-nine years ot experierca. Can you m33xMiBmMs: ijPSJ say it better? Can the inert learned say It PMiSlfmSTSiaak. v tgf;3 as well? Granny knows, and, she knows B SfeftjwEK'ggS' " HHisho knows. U Sk&I1' !&A picture of both Granny and tho KSKR:! "$. !$Bell are on every GENUINE bottle of Hb PyS 111Dr. Bell's I HPmT? MPINE-TAR-HONBY 1 HTSlflOn';'V25 Cents. 60 Cents. $ 1.00 I i Sfi' f . S"Tell By The Bell" I HPlftaf 'SHHOHBSMBK2SEHBBBBBBBBP f .iKafc&. lalcPil, , MFor Sale by All Druggists.. lftfflK "mk, DEFECTS?! Sft.! l'PfeoTfv SCALDS, BRUISES. Wfe' v " ;V-:a. L??E832 chapped hands P -.yJlaMK .::rrtdV jjgy' AND LIPS, TETTER, CTH .&f"'r-k--w- eczema? v f vMS. rsmmX. rFor Sale by All Druggists, nTO PROLONG LIFE OF PLANTSAbundance of Fresh Air Is the FirstNecessity for Those Kept forIndoor Adornment.Many persons are unsuccessful withhouse plants because they do not givethem enough fresh air. The atmosphere of the ordinary living room isboth too dry and too warm for the avarage potted plant, and the room isusually kept so tightly closed during.he cold months that the air is seldompure.Plants of all sorts, whether they areraised indoors or outside, must havean abundance of fresh air. Two orthree times a day open some of thewindows and allow new air to enterthe room. Lower one or two windowsan inch or more every day when theoutside temperature is not very low.On all mild days in winter throw openall of the doors and windows. Youwill be surprised at the difference itwill make in the vigor, color andgrowth of the plants when they dohave all the good air they need. Goodair, good light, good soil and plenty ofmoisture are the living requirementsof all plants.Keep a box of rich earth in thehouse for repotting plants during thewinter. Fresh earth added is alwaysbeneficial to plant life. When preparing, heat the earth to kill worms.If you want sturdy house plants givethem plant food. Ammoniated bonemeal is a good fertilizer for houseplants. Beware of the fancy jardiniere. It is responsible for many decayed roots. All plants with shinyourfaces can be washed with soapsudscontaining a little olive oil.Instead of carrying potted fernsthrough winter after winter, so thatthey get worn out, give them an occasional rest. Cut them down closeand you will be surprised to see howthey will reward you in the spring byleafing out with renewed vigor.To keep a rubber plant in condition,it must have plenty of earth, plenty ofwater and a shower bath once $. week.When it has dried, after the bath, wipethe leaves and sponge them with milk.If your palm is infested with scales,wash the leaves in a weak solution ofsoapsuds. After several washings, atintervals of a few days apart, you willfind that the scales will disappear, thepalm will look fresh and green, andmake a new growth. An occasionalbath of this sort will keep it in finecondition.m ALL SHADES OF PETUNIADesigners Have Worked WondersWith Materials of Velvet, Silkand Crepe de Chine.Petunia shades in velvet, silk andcrepe de chine are so alluring that itis small wonder that the petunia costume has become a fad. Because ofthe cost of the materials in whichthe peculiar purple and red tones aremost perfect, these get'-ups are usuallyseen at afternoon receptions and atevening dances. One of the most successful models is a three-piece costume, consisting of a petunia redcolored silk skirt, a blouse, also of thesilk, cut away at the shoulders andelbows to show a round-neckedguimpe in petunia rose malines,. and athree-quarter coat in petunia purplevelvet, lined with satin matching therose of the malines. The purple velvethat carries petunia red ostrich plumesand the gloves and shoes are in blacksuede. This choice of minor accessories is a wise one, for were they inwhite, gray or even in glace black,they would glare at the dull petuniatones.Dull and inconspicuous accessoriesinvariably accompany the petuniaevening costumes. These are usuallyin two or more shades in malhies andare chiefly worn as dancing frocks byyoung girls. v Occasionally, however, ayoung matron is seen in a trainedgown of petunia-shaded malines orchiffon, brightened by a necklace or adog collar in rubies, amethysts or emeralds set in dull Dutch silver.ATTRACTIVE GOWNModel of white supple satin withbelt and sash of black satin trimmedwith jade ornaments. Collar and wiredtunic of black tulle..tUneeda BiscuitNourishment fine flavor purity crispnesswholesomeness. Allfor 5 cents, in themoisture-proof package.Baronet BiscuitRound, thin, tenderrwith a delightful flavorappropriate forluncheon, tea and dinner. "io cents.Qrahaevi CrackersA food for every day.Crisp, tasty andstrengthening. Freshbaked and fresh delivered, io cents.Buy biscuit baked byNATIONALBISCUITCOMPANYAlways Icok for that nameV.JCONGRESS MAY ACT ONTHE INSURANCE SITUATIONA Federal investigation may bemade of the Kentucky insurance situation. Representative J. C. Cantrilladmitted Tuesday at Washington thathe is examining the State insurancetangle, and if public sentiment seemsto justify it, and he is convinced thatthe situation can be aided, he will introduce a resolution calling on theHouse1 to investigate the entire mat-Ster."I have been receiving a numberof letters lately," said Mr. Cantrill,from business men in my district saying that the insurance companiesare declining to write Kentucky risksand that their property is unprotectea. I have received letters frommanv others who are dependent uponthe insurance busness for a Ivelihoodasking me whether the companiesare compelled to transact business inthe State."It happens that I am a member ofthe Rules Committee. I had not intended mentioning my investigationuntil I had gone further into the subject, but I am willing to say this: IfI find that an 'investigation can helpthe Kentucky situation by evolvingFederal legislation to meet the subject, and if I find that the people ofthe State really want their rightsand privileges in such matters defined, I shall introduce an appropriate resolution and ask the Rules Committee to hold hearings upon it. Iimagine I can induce the committeeto take this step, and, if the hearingsjustify this resolution, to authorize aHouse investigation of the whole subject. And if I decide to introducethe resolution I believe that the hearings before the Rules Committee willresult in its adoption."LUKE McUKE SAYSAfter a man reaches the top healways forgets those who helped tohold the ladder for him.A household tragedy is when ahalf dozen young men take turns intaking the seventeen-year-old daughter out everywhere when the 27-year-olddaughter never even has a caller.The skirts are to be tighter thi?summer. Well, if a girl happenst'iget bitten by a mosquito she won'rbe able to get her skirt on over thebite.And after all, it isn't the tighiskirt that attracts our atention It'sthe motive power. Cincinnati Enquirer. The wheat crop of Argentina. Australia and New Zealand was 12 percent, less than last year.The Eastern railroad rate advancecase decision by the Interstate Commerce Commission is not expected before May, as the railroads have askedfor more time.TO WINTERIf you are looking for a goodSuit or Overcoatit reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, hers is the placto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Oycoats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we areoffering them as a special inducement for5BWe also have a full line of Schloss Bros.' guaranteedtail.cicd Suits for $15 to $25. Emerson Shoes at $4nd $5, also Steson and Hawes Von Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise can be had at a price thatwill please your pocket-book.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEFT.L Wollstcin, Proprietor.a1 " go scKira ims winter IGot T7here f air sties, idcJ -weather, an J outdoor enicytnent dispel ail' thought of winter's discomfort.WINTER TOURIST FARES "" -IIOV1 AVAILABLE ViAEfR825jC523b5J3ES2SaiS2S3iKE2BrE2CE2J' rtTO 4.1- RESORTSIMCLUDING FLORIDA, KSW ORLEANS, F.A?t;A aVi&' "UiHD OF TS SKY."TICKETS ON SALE DAILY. LONG RETURN Lh'.llT.ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.EQUIPMENT, SERVICE AT.'D SCFfffiRY UNSURPASSED.For details caasalt any Ticket Agent or writeK. C. K!NGr Passenger and Tickzt Agsnt, 10 1 East Main ZU Lexington, Ky.rarCTTK'y.TOJtoPWBL. & N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trains jSLrrrveNo. Fit OM31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5r21ant134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 5:18 am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except S unda.y 7:35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:3Sam10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday f 7:45 ara40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:42am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily 9:33 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10:20 am12 Lexington, Ky., Daily ! 10:15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 12:00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 3 : 10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .'. 3:15 pm138 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:33 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily , t , 3:30 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily39 Cincinnati, O., Daily ExceptS Lcxinston. Ky., Daily32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily31 Cincinnati, O.. DailyTralrisno.u P.inninnati. O.. Daily4 Mavsville, Ky., Daily Except7 Lexington. Ky., Daily Exceptd( r.inninnati. O.. Daily Exceptin Mavsville. Kv.. Daily Except9Q T.PYiTisrtnn. Kv.. Daily37 Knoxville. Tenn., Daily35 TnnV-snnvville. Fla.. Daily133 Lexington, Ky., Dailyfi Mavsville. Ky., Dailyor nvnthiana. Kv.. Daily Except13 Lexinston. Ky., Daily Except38 Cincinnati. O., Daily9 Rowland. Ky.. Daily Except39 Lexington. Ky., Daily Except32 Cincinnati, O., Daily8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except30 Cvnthiana. Ky., Daily Except31 Lexinston. Ky., Daily131 Atlanta. Ga.. Daily"-- - -'B'tS&G- TTlMEW-1TJiLJELTTran-s ArriveNn FROM '"iT!2 Frankfort. Ky., Daily Except4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily ExceptTrains 3Dea,r-tvMn - TO1 Frankkfort, Ky., Daily Excepta Frankfort. Kv.. Daily ExceptWXW.12.98SPJEESSaEKT!?OF T-1 SOU . i.5:5opmSunday 5... 5:50pm6:18 pm'6:23 pmj-10:50 pm3Deioaa?tTO : -5:28 amSunday -. a 5:35 aiSunday 7:47 amiSunday 7:50 amiSunday -. 7:50 ai9:433:45ai10:29 anal, 10:27v 12:05Sunday 12:04 aiSunday 3:33 pi3:40pmSunday 5:56 piSunday 5:58 pi.'..., 6:28 pmlSunday 6:25Sunday . 6:4010:5510:57 pirSunday 7:4,0Su nday 5 : 50 palSunday i '. ...X i aibu nday :w -,Li4.. )v . "' ''"THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, .KENTUCKY; MARCH 31 19T4:LMMMiMrvvVlI!Packed in Sanitary sealed car-tons. .Costs less. Worth more. JSave the Coupons. For Sale by tal! Grocers. 30c per lb. ZRED BALLA nice spoon in each package.Roasted and packed frest everyday. Insist upon this' brand. Forsale-by all Grocers. 20c per lb.CERTIFIED CHECKCOFFEECOFFEE&efrQ3fffe0S3;eQ33gags3m OF M1LLERSBURGMr. and Mrs. Earle Barton areguests of relatives at Flemingsburg.Mesdames Tucker Barton andS. C. Bascom were in Lexington Saturday. S. M. Allen and W. D. Mclntyreleft Saturday for a two weeks' sojourn at Martinsville, Ind.Mr. sT"C Bascom lias purchaseda handsome Case automobile fromTaylor & Redmon.Mrs. Belle Armstrong, who underwent an operation at J3a. Vincent'sHospital, in Indianapolis. Ind., somelays ago for gallstones, is improving.Mrs. James- Stevens, of Shawhan,left for her home at Shawhan Saturday afternoon, after spending several"weeks with her daughter, Mrs. J. H.Burroughs, who has been quite ill.There' will be a union prayermeeting at the Methodist church Wednesday night. The W. C. T. U. will"hold their memorial service for Mrs.Prances Willard. Refreshments willlie served.Mr. Stone and family have movedto the property of Mr. Mastin, recently vacated by Mr. Aurie Rankin andfamily, from Owingsville. Mr. Stonewin worK tor rayior c eowimg. iMr. Charles Martin has returnedhome after a visitt o relatives in NewYork City.THE SICK Mrs. J. H. Burroughsis improving nicely. Mrs. Russell jMitchell and Mrs. John Shay are im-i1 proving. I, The remains of Mr. Bob .Tonesi were interred here Sunday afternoon.Mr. Jones resided in Lexington and, was a brother of Mr. Tom Jones, of iI Hooktown.! Amity Lodge No. 40, F. & A. M., ,will give their annual sermon on April j; 5. Dr. J. W. Porter, of Lexington, will j1 have charge of the services.I Miss Alma Duke Jones will givea concert at the M. F. C. auditorium,on April 18, under the auspices ot the'McDowell Club of the CoUege.J Miss M. B. Clarke returned homeThursday afternoon ofter a visit oftwo months to her sister, Mrs. Han-I cock, in Dallas, Texas. On her way'home she spent severa 1 dajrs with; Mrs. John Barbee aa Monticello, Ark.'"She was accompanied liome by hersister, Mrs. Hancock.Mr. and Mrs. John Merrihger andJ little son, Edward, and Mrs. NannieKendall, of Paris, Mesdames Lillian: Snodgrass, Samuel Powell, and littlej son, Marquis Gay, if .Winchester, wereguests o Mr. Joe Williams and family' Sunday.LEAGUE COMMENDED BYTHE HEALTH AUARORITIESm9S2tBORLAND'SThe Home of Good Wall PaperA WALL PAPER TALK.Don'fc (VZafce the Mistake of putting offtill the last minute the selection of your wallpapers andthen select huiriedly patterns of which you may soon tire.We invite you to visit our store and spend a pleasant afernoon or evening looking through our immense line, consisting of all the season's latest creations in wall decorations. Come more than once if you deem it necessary andstu$y the different patterns and shadings so that whenyou do make your selection you can have one to be satisfied with and one to be proud of. Have no hesitancy atoccupyingour time, as it is our pleasure to serve you.Our aim and desire is satisfied customers.9Q9SG9mmae9aParis, Ky March 30, 1914.There has been -recently organizedin this city a Health League composedof the ladies of the city. It is a mostworthy and laudable enterprise andmust necessarily require some of thetime of its members, and for the willingness and readiness of these publicspirited women to assume additionalburdens we should be entirely gratelful.Things cleanly and beautiful appealto any man or woman, and they arethe embodiment of latter day thoughtin dealing with municipal affairs.They are the immediate forerunnersof the healthfulness of the communityand therefore of inestimable value.Acting for the City Board of Healthas its secretary I desire to extend tothose engaged in this noble work anassurance of its hearty co-operation.We do not for an instant believe itincumbent upon any member of theLeague to make a house to houseor yard to yard inspection of properties in the city. There are officersdelegated for this special work. TheCity Healah Officer has a large sharein this work, and under his' directionit is usually done.Just at this time- the condition ofthe ordinary back yards are not presentable, especially, because of thewinter's accumulations. It is not thedesire of the Health Board to entailupon the owners and occupants anyunnecessary expense, yet it its duty toenforce the law in those cases wherethere is flagrant violation.At any time the League desires theassistance of the Board they havethe right of request and it will becheerfully given. 'A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.WOUNDS LEAD TO THEARREST p? THREE MENContinued From Page One.)tribute to him as a man, a friend ofthe farmer and a foe of the combinesand the trusts.Mr. Saanley devoted practically hisentire address to abuse of the formerGovernor, whom he charged with being a hypocritical tool of the trustsand a foe of the .common people ofthe State, claiming thaa he (Beckham), according to his own views,was the only candidate for the UnitedStates Senatorship that was capableand qualified.The speaker was very biater andsarcastic in his denunciation of Mr.jtJecham, but denied the charge thathe was making personal attacks onBeckham, claiming that he did notindulge in th takind of campaigning.INDIGESTION, GAS ORSICK, SOUR STOMACHCJ'Time "Pape's Diapepsin!" In Fivej Minutes All. Stomach MiseryIs Gone.1 Spruce UpRUMOR CURRENT THATSTANLEY WILL QUIT ACE(Continued From Page One.)something in the future and Lexing-, ton being the headquarteds of theleaders had gone there to report.Yesterday afternoon it was discovered that Reynolds had purchaseda pair of crutches from Dr. L. Oberdorfer, giving him in payment a onedollar bill and some silver. The billgave evidence of having been foldeda long time and one side was badlyi stained by leather. Judge DundonI declared the bill was undoubtedly theone taken from the sale,i The three men will be arraigned ini thecounty court this morning at 11o'clock.ON DISPLAY.The best assortment of Suits,Coats, Dresses, Skirts and Millineryever shown in Paris, is now being displayed at Simon's.ANDERSON ACQUITTED OFCOMPLICITY CHARGE999l9Everything in Wall Paper- from Cheapest to Best2 &m TELEPHONE 15999999999999G9QQQ29&999&&&Q&9aQ&Q99QQ999GQ&GGQ3QiAt Cynlhiana Thursday J. W. ReedAnderson was discharged on his examining trial on a cliarge of complicity in the killing of James Lykens,near Tcwnsend bridge, in Harrisoncounty. Anderson was arrested byCoroner Rees, and at the hearing declared that the killing of Lykens wasaccidental; that he and another man,the latter being the man who fired theshot, were shooting at a target nearLykens. The man charged with theshooting has not been arrested.Lykens died at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, from his injuries.THE 3 EST.The cheapest floor covering, as wellas the most durable, is produced bythe Chi-Namel Graining System, only2c. per square foot. Demonstrationby lady demonstrator at Varden &Son's, on April 4. (It)BOURBON VENIRE SUMMONEDTO TRY BREATHITT CASEDeputy Sheriff Hodgkins, of Clarkcounty, was in Paris yesterday summoning a special venire of one hundred men for jury service in the casecf "Red Tom" Davidson, chargedwith conspiracy in the assassinationof Ed. Callahan, which occurred athis store in Crockettsville, Breathittcounty. Deputy Hodgkins was assisted in securing the jurymen by Deputy, Sheriff J. O. Marshall. Up to sixj o'clock last night the summoning of1 the veniremen was not completed,but the officers stated that tliey wouldhave the reauisite number in Winchester this morning when they werecommanded to muear betore .mageBenton in the Circuit Court."Really does" put bad stomachs inorder "really does" overcome indigestion, dyspepsia, gas, heartburn andsourness in five minutes that justthat makes Pape's Diapepsin thethe world. If what you eat fermentsinto stubborn lumps, you belch gasand eructate sour, undigested foodand acid; head is dizzy and aches;breath foul; tongue coated; your insides filled with bile and indigestiblewaste, remember the moment Pape'sDiapepsin comes in contact with thestomach all such distress vanishes.It's truly astonishing almost marvelous, and the joy is its harmlessness. A large fifty-cent case of Pape's Diapepsin will give you a hundred dollar's worth of satisfaction or yourdruggist hands your money back.It's worth its weight in gold to menand women who can't get their stomachs regulated. It belongs in yourhome should always be kept handyin case of a sick, sour, upst stomachdnring the day or at night. It's thequickest, surest and most harmlessstomach doctor in the world.(adv)1 CNow is the time to haveyour wearing apparel cleaned and put in order forSpring.WeDo theRight.WorkComparison will affordyou an opportunity tojudge.Give Us a Trial.mmIff CLEANIG GO.Cfchal Applegate, Props.627 Main St., Paris, Ky.FEBRUARY AND MARCH SALE" " "One of our specials durlngour bigsale is a child's beautiful wlYite cribbed at $3.75.(27-tf) A. F. WrfEELER &CO.taowf2 Attend theNO ELECTION IN CLARKCOUNTY THIS YEARClark county will not have a localoption election this year, accordingto the Rev. William Cumming, leaderof the "drys" In Clark county. Dr.Cumming made the statement following the publication of numerous reports sent out from Lexington andParis that Bourbon, Franklin, Fayette and Clark counties were to begrouped in districts to hold an election on one day. Lack of sufficienttime is given by Dr. Cumming as thereasaon, as the saloon licenses are issued in May.999m9,99nOf Nev. Used and Second -Hand aAutomobiles 3aTrucks and Electrics, 35Wednesday, April 1stBeginning at 10 a. m.. at ft3433 Reading RoadJUDGE WYATT DISPOSES OFFALMOUTH PENDLETONiANJudge J. D. Wyata, who has verysuccessfully conducted" the Falmouth! Pendletonian for several years, hassold the paper to Mr. O. H. Dix, who' will assume charge tomorrow.C5ncinraati3 O.(Take Avondale or Winton Placecar. Get off at Maple Ave.)Yonr one opportunit' this9 Spring to secure a high grade carat the price of a cheap one. Sendfor catalogue. Demonstrationof anv machine made.2 TheGeneralAutoRepairsCo.9Long Distance Tel. Avon 346.8 3433 Reading Rd.THEODORE MAYER & BRO.,Auctioneers, First National BankBuilding, Cincinnati, O.m mm msmmmmm msiBsamW 4.Where to GetPopular PricedWALKMO'VEReaassaeS9eaaetea$33esee3eaTherThe One Who Knows Invariably Answersnalitv and Honestv RetensWhereValue-giving supremacy made possible by our practical purchases hasmade this store THE GREATEST BARGAIN STORE inthis county.Bigger &nl Better than Ever is Our Selection of Spring Finefootwear in -All Styles For Every Occasion, at the. Lowest Possible " Prices. ILadies' Patent Kid, Kidney Heel, SilkBraid around Vamps, in high shoeandpumps, $5.00 value at $3.49'Ladies' Gun Metal, Louis Heel, newsmart last, in High Shoe and Oxford, $4.00 value at , 2.99Ladies' Todd's Tango, Satin, LouisHeel and Patent Colonial Pumps,$4.00 value at 2.99Ladies' Patent and Gun Metal, highand low heel, $3.50 value at 2.49LaHies' Patent and Gun Metal in allstyles, $3.00 value at 1.99Ladies' Gun Metal, button and lace,Men's Tan Walk-Over, new'1 Englishmodel, high shoe and Oxf oVd ...14.00$2.00 values at1.49Men's Tan Russia, Empire Style WalkOver 4: 3.50 'Men's Tan Beacon, in all lasts, $4.00. value at 1L- 3.50' "'Men's Gun Metal, bench made, $4.00 .' f 'value at . 2.995;!Men's Gun Metal, button and lace, S-- .$3.00 value at IS'S-.O St. Lawrence Pulp &Corpncj.orationFirst Mortgage Serial Sinking Fund Gold BondsDated Feb. 1,1913. Auliorizcd l.OOOCO. hzui $3,000,000. Bee serially Feb. 1 , 1 91 7 to Feb. 1 , 1 933,Interest payable February 1. and August 1. at Philadelphia, Pa. Redcemste in advanceof maturity on any interest date in order of serial numbers at 10j and interet.GIrcrd Trusi Company, Philadelphia, Trustee.Purchased by National Canks, Insurance Companies and Trust Cor-panies throughout the Ejst. over 32,500.000 have already been sold. For a creat many yer3 TimberBonds have been purchased in ether sections of the country by investors Webeiieve,when properly safeguarded, they afford a splendid investment, as the value of timberis constantly increasing.We Recommend these 3ond3 for Investment Detailed circular furbished upes. rcqzetf.Pries 100 and Interest for all maturities Yielding 6Field9 Longstreth & RichardsUnion Central BIdg., Cincinnati Citizens Bldg., Cleveland9LENIHAN'SCashSBoys' Gun Metal and Tan, button andand lace, $2.00 value at 1K49IDA! AfliiPli'S fi!H STUHH" mmmmmm a mmmmm9mmmmwummmmm wmmmam mmmnmmpecials25 lb. sack H. & E. Sugar 1.25(With a three dollar purchase) .Large size can Tomatoes 10c3 cans Baby Bunton Corn 25ePride of Illinois Corn 10cCracked Rice, per lb 05cFancy Head Rice, per lb. 10c2 cans Cu-Tu-No Red Salmon 35cPalm Brand Peas, per can ,. . -10cFox Lake Peas Per can 15cSugar Loaf Peas, per can 20cBulk Coffee, per lb 20c -LANCASTER PRIDE FLOUR" 25-pound sack . 80c. 50-pound sack 1.55100-pound sack 3.00Stone's Wrapped Cakes Received Eresh Daily.T C. LENIHAN.Cash Grocery.W S 1 Both Phones 234-'.I-Ia9m99mmmmmm9m99a3999999aaaaaaa: i. -j.-'&'V