am.JWI.,SII3IAr r &?- rr CP 'r 31J- J '!-i V."JiriX--j. - -" -- . - t-iKg& iA34aJjgFVr" V '?'.-c .'-. - . , 'Ji FW-miBP . ' j-PTJBLISHEDEVFItY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR- ta- --!V0LUME1JXXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1914.y- , X ,c , f-fr-r- re ,T - , aagpwiTv .JP Wgsran irflM ::iNEWSI Mbt r. m rB H tm B .Bv s H wflVMnLATE WAR NEWS.ANTWERP, Sept. , (Via London.)-The French legation here to-dayofficially confirmed the previously announced success of the Anglo-Frencliioops who are said to have brilliantV driven the Germans back some fif--rpenmiles beyond St. Quentin, inflicting considerable losses.LONDON, Sept. C. in a desperate?tempt to counterbalance the greatvictories of the Russians over themain Austrian army in Galicia, Germany has started a force over thelussian border, with Warsaw as its' )parent objective.Supported by a great armored'ain, this force mvi its first opposi1jon at Vloclavack, a small town loules within the Russian frontier, ac--irdingto late dispatches arrivingre.USING ITS OWN PLANT.fter many trials and tribulationsthe matter of furnishing light andwer to its consumers in this cityParis Gas & Electric Co., hasiced its local plant in firstlclassmdition, and will be under steam at1 hours of the day and night. TheMioying interruptions to the serviceiich occurred some time ago, whencurrent failed because of weathernditions, will be entirely elimin-SJCCESSORS TO DR. MATTHEWSWe beg to advise you that we haveken over from Dr. Clara B. Mat-ews,her entire stock of optical preemptions. This places us in a position to re-ace your broken lenses to the corfct STRENGTH, SHAPE andURVE. " X -iOur prices you will find to be asj-w as the lowest and our work thaturnished by the best house of itsid in the country.We most earnestly solicit your) ashless for replacing your brokenmses or furnishing new lenses asacr the precscription for your glasses- ich we now hold.We guarantee you prompt andfficient work, and best of all, quick-'nice from the factory.Thanking you in advance for anyrvors shown us in this line, we begf remain,Very truly yours,SHIRE & F1THIAN.SATURDAY NIGHT SHOOTINGIn a difficulty arising betweendancers at a negro dance at the FairGrounds near this city Saturdaynight Press Lannum, a well-knownnegro, who has often figured in policerecords was shot and killed. AndrewDale received a shot in the hip, andHenry Morton, of the Clintonvilleprecinct, was shot in the right legand his right wrist shattered by abullet.The shooting was the result of a.dispute that arose over the right ofone negro to dance. with a sister otthe Morrison man, who was one ofthe victims of the fusillade. Mortonattempted to persuade his siterto go home, and the negro man resented his interference, with the result above told. Lannum, as a bystander, .was in the line of fire andwas shot through the breast, dyinginstantly. Special Policemen AdMcKinney and Viol'ette were calledto the scene by the sound of theshots and they dispersed the crowdthat had gathered. Coroner Ru-Fdolph Davis and the Paris policewere notified, and vent to the sceneof the shooting. Morton was takento the office of Dr. J. T. Brown,where his wounds were dressed andhe was afterward taken to his father's home at Clintonville. Dalewas carried to the office of Dr. D. B.Anderson, and was afterward removed to his home in the negro suburbof Lylesville.The body of Lannam, after beingviewed by Coroner Davis, was removed to his late home' in the negrosuburb of Kennedysvalle. Lannumbore an unsavory record and wasknown as a trouble-hunter, but inthis instance was a peaceable bystander.Coroner Davis will hold an inquest this morning at 10 o'clock.Twenty-five witnesses have beensummoned, and their testimony is expected to clear up the mystery thatseems to surrounds the shooting.LUMBER PLANTSDESTROYED BYE1Plants of ."Stivers LumberCo. and Flora Lumber ' Co.Burned.' . rPROPERTY LOSS' VERY LARGE.Telephone Companies and Interurban Service Temporarily Interrupted.SCHOOL SUITS.Start your boy off right Mondayand buv him a school suit, atif MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S.COUNTY TEACHERS'INSTITUTE ADJOURNSLOOK! LOOK!Think of it ?S".00 and$8:50greenand brown Porch, Chairs, at 4.50,while they last.;7-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.MARRIAGES.The Bourbon County Teachers' Institute, which has been in session atthe court house since last Mondaymorning, adjourned at noon Friday.Miss Julia Clark gave a talk on"Busy Work," followed by a discussion led by Mr. Eubank, the institiuteJinstructoii, Miss JMartha Smith, ofMillersburg, gave readings, and Mr.Milton Elliott, of- Frankfort, addressed the teachers, on "Service." Prof.Elliott spoke on "Discipline."A quartettet composed of MissesDesha and Evean and Mr. Eastwoodand Prof. Ellett sang.Prof. B. M. Roberts introduced thesubject of "History," which was followed by a discussion led by Mr.Eubanfc.Prof. Roberts offered a resolutionof thank to every one who had added to the pleasure and interest ofthe - institute. It was unanimouslyadopted by the teachers, wlio alsogave a vote of thanks to A. L. Botaright for his services in leading themusic. After singing the do"xologythe institute adjourned.r,ASV"Mitchell & Blakemore'sNew Fall Hats. ' ire Ready For Ynnr Inspection.SHOTWELL HAMM.Thomas Shotwell and Miss Bir- 'C Hamm, both of the Escondidaxjighborhood, obtained a marriagecense Saturday, and were married, the court house by Judge C. A.icMillan.MITCHELL EYER.The State Journal, published atFrankfort, Ky., on Tuesday, September 3, says:"News has been received here ofhe marriage in Milwaukee, Wis.,T'tresday, of Mrs. Henrietta FordMitchell, formerly of this city, andMr. F. D. Eyer. Mrs. Ever, who is ative of Paris, Ky., left that cityfee five months ago, for Milwaui ee to make her home with her aunttemporarily, but during her visit, it?eems has been persuaded to make iti$r permanent residence."Mrs. Eyer was the widow of Elliott Ford, and during her residenceere made many friends, who willinterested to hear of her marri-Mrs. Aver was formerly MissHenrietta Taylor, daughter of Mr.id Mrs. Newton H. Taylor, whoirnnerly resided near Paris. Mr. and"s. Tavlor now reside in Canada.DENTON THOMAS.A. marriage that vill be a surprise-o many of the young people's'riends, although expected to takerice in the near future, was that ot'". Douglas Thomas, Jr., and Miss' sie Denton, both of Paris, whichlock place in Winchester yesterdaytvfeernoon.There was no parental objection toe marriage, but the young coupledecided to make the event a quietone, and chose Winchester as beinghi the honeymoon route.A marriage license was granted-the""ouple yesterday morning and, ac'Mnpanied by Mr. Robert Adair andMiss Mary Hayden, they left in anAutomobile for Winchester, wheree ceremony was performed later in"ie afternoon.Immediately after the ceremony,r. and Mrs. Thomas left for a shortay at Oil Springs, from where they'41 go to Torrent for a week's so-'.aa Upon their return they willn housekeeping on Stoner -Ave-groom is a son of Mr. anaDoegias Thomas, of this city,nae of the most popular youngtha ftit.v. " 'bride is a daughter of Mr. andWIRE THIEVES BUSY.Wire thieves have been very busyalong the line of the L. & N. railroad lately and company detectivesin connection with local officials ofParis and Cynthiana are making adetermined effort to apprehend them.A large quantity of copper wire hasbeen recently stolen from the telegraph poles between Paris and Cynthiana, At the latter place a ouncnof 300 pounds of the wire was foundby the police hidden in an out ofthe way house near the railroad.The railroad detectives say they haveevidence that will shortly cause thearrest of the thieves who have stolenand disposed of the wire and thatthey will submit the evidence to thegrand jury of Harrison county at itsnext meeting. The wire was worthseveral hundred dollars and was tohave been used in the new electricblock system being installed by theL. & N. The suspected parties arehpinr r.lnselv watched and arrestsare expected to be made soon.Fire originating from an unknowncause early last night destroyed theplants of the Stivers Lumber Co. andthe Flora Lumber Co., on South Mainstreet.The fire began in the Flora Lumber Co.'s building adjoining, and in afew hours both plants were completely destroyed.The Stivers plant, which was atotal loss, was built-in 1903 by Wm.'P. Ardery and O. Edwards, at a costof $7,000 and was afterward purchased by Mr. J. H. Stivers. Mr;.Stivers had insurance of 6,000 onbuilding and $1,000 on stock, worth$4,000. Of this sum $6,000 was carried in the agency of McClure &Clendenin.Mr. Albert Wright lost a carload ofcement worth $250.Ossian Edwards' loss on sash,door, blinds and interior finish was$300. iThe Flora Lumber Co.'s loss will beabout $4,000. They carried insurancethe exact amount of which could notbe ascertained.Mr. Stivers saved his ofiTce fixtures, books, etc. His building waspronounced one of the best builtwarehouses in the city.The telephone, telegraph and electric service, as well as the Interurban electric car sevvice, was temporarily put out of commission. Allthe telephones of the CumberlandTelephone Company in South Pariswere put out of commission by theburning of wires, cables and poles.The fire was one of the mostspectacular, as well as disastrousones, seen in Paris for jnany years-An accurate estimate of the property loss in 'round figures is impossible to obtain to-night, owing to inability of the firms involved to getto their books and papers.The fire was well under control atmidnight. By hard work the firewas confined to the "two plants destroyed, and was prevented fromreaching the feed and commissionhouse of Dodson & Denton, adjacentto the burned warehouses.Stetson and Dunlap MakesThe very swell shapes with extreme high crown, narrowbrims, broad; natty bows in the back. The very thing for .the young chap who wants to be dressed right. Allcolors Bottle Green, Seal Browns, Tobacco Browns andOtter BlacksThe Mitchell & BlakemoreSpecial $3.00 HatyvtThe best sold anywhere for the price. Try one of thesehats. Remember our itock of Stetson Hats is the largest- and biggest assortment of styles shown anywhere' in the.-city.IK -Mitchell 8c Blakemore,The Store for Mien's Styles Paris, Kentucky ft! CALL 1! Baldwin's IPhone 32 - !Fire, wind and lightning Insurance. Thomas & Woodford.NEGRO SHOOTIST ARRESTED.WAR ON RENTS.Rufus Johnson, colored, who shotFrank Dunsford, also colored, inClaysville about two weeks ago andmade his escape, was placed underarrest Thursday morning by SheriffsMarshall and McClintock. In" JudgeMcMillan's court he waived examining trial and was held to the grandjury in the sum of $250.NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.FOROystersCotfnts and SelectsCeleryHead LettuceCaulifloweri tFRANK &CO.!1v.73DressedOur attention has again beencalled to reports which are ibedngiTcirculated to the effect that if the ;rates for telephone service now be-ing charged by another telephone L"Any number of rooms with heat company operating in Paris, are per-and lights turnished if desired. Col- mitted to be increased, then theglege Hill, the most desirable loca- Home Telephone Company would go ( otion in Paris. See J. 'W. Brown at out of business. JMitchell & Blakemore's Store. 8-2t j These reports were the first inti- gjmation the Home .rnone company jOur Cheese Line consistsoi Swiss, Brick, Pimento,NeufchatelJPhila. Cream,Roquetort, Welsh Rabbit,N. Y. Cream and Old English (5 years old).Now Showini.;:'. NEW 'FALL STYLESIn All Lines.VNO ADVANCEINSURANCE PAIDMrs. Juliet NichoVs has received ofMr. H. C. Henson, secretary of thelocal lodge of Modern Woodman ofAmerica a check for $2,000, being theamount of an insurance policy inthat order held by her son, the lateThomas B. Nichols, who died sometime ago at his home on the Bethleliem pike.SUDDEN DEATH.iirMiss Mary Thompson, aged 56years, a domestic in the home of Mr.and Mrs. Henry Fuhrman, died suddenly yesterday afternoon about 3o'clock while seated in a chair inthe dining room.Mrs. Fuhrman, hatJpening to passThrough the room, saw Miss Thompson apparently asleep and trying toarouse her, discovered that she wasdead. . , , aMiss Thompson had been in declining health for several months.She had been in the uunrman iiumn -r, ? cofii wisrh Li,m,f tCn vp.nrs. She was me aaugu'rcet, and & a young woman of ter of the late John Thompson, ofany graces of character, handsome J Paris, and was born m this city. Miss' 1 attractive THompsoll. is survived by one sister,T!,e News, in common with the Mrs. Margaret Kearns of Jmgton.ny friends of the young couple, j The remains were taken l to the resim ds hearty congratulations' andjdence oJLMrs. Luke Connelly, on Stohad that such statements were being) Jcirculated. I can say positively that Jno negotiationsN for thesale of the,$Home Telephone and Telegraph Com- Jpany, to, or its merger with the BellCompany, have ever been suggestedor considered. v J,It is the intention of the Home &Company to remain in business in 'Paris and its greatest desire is to imerit the continued patronage of itssubscribers by furnishing the bestpossible local and long distance tele- aphone service to the public at a jREASONABLE AND FAIR RATE ATALL times: .J., J. VEATCH, Dist. Mgr. !PARIS HOME TELEPHONE ANDTELEGRAPH CO. !(8-t) (Incorporated.) t J.0Mares and Geldings five to eight1old; 900Jp.l',250 lbs. in weight.Ourbuyer will be at Caywood & gMcClintock's Mule Barns, at Paris, Xon : tMONDAY, SEPT 12,from 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. .Bring in $good, smoth horses.HARBISONV JEWELL &' PATTER-y SON, ' - t"i5ctewVInPricesCountry ClubCakesFour Flavors2 for 25c VArmy Horses Wauled,only $6.25while they last.Hog Lard.PureSEE OUR- ..I rimmed oats.Nothing Over.. -$5.00a.BALDWIN BROS.1( 2s FRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.rf ::&(&$?t-..tv.4 ..,;r t$(8-2t) - Lexington, Ky.fru -i v.isnes. &. - "ci -n.v-vi."sCA'' ;. - I'it.sJf j & & & P&Fw'$'&ff&i'0rsK. r?Z?zJ-z,X-?,?' t" v .: i jStjy-si js ?y sK.ji&.-.Sml .&.Mfr-Ak..- o?J&,IP?'X"Vt"-vt?. -,wr -.vvt1CT'2, .. P . TIP tTHEBOURBON, RISVENTRSEPTElER $H&-4;av?.if BmMKX&bg BrapvMnvnnniimP", "HTMMii ms3mmmk385622............. ...... ..v.. ...... ...::. I TKe Bourbon NewsWlVeS! 2f . IIT lT.l 7MoiKers! justa word mini ou!Daughters ! J - mmmmmA woman's organism is a verv delicate thiner it verv easilvgets out of order just like a delicate piece, of machinery, itrequires more than ordinary care and attention.There are many signs which pointtodisorder,suchasheadaches,unaccount. abie pcins in various parts of the body, listlessness, nervousness, irritableness,dizziness, f aintness, backache, loss of appetite, depression, and many others.Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescriptionhas been the means of restoring thousands of suffering women to natural healthand strength. For more than forty years it has been succssf ully carrying onthis great work. Today it 13 known throughout the length and breadth of everyland. Women everywhere look upon it as a helpful friend. Let it aid you.Sold in liaaid or tablet form by draseists, or trial box mailedyoa for SO cents from Dr. Pierce's Dispensary, Buffalo, N.Y.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate Stomach, Liver and Bowels1 3MMffTi,iHTI&faiiufeHMHFOi3jiiaTOw.w.j....r.JiiuwyyraffTr,iWawi, pj, pmiu p. i irfipiBiir jTjiwnwn m f irrwit.vmi ' gir cy 1 rifi n ri'TW rrHTMEHC, JNew DirectoryHome Telephone CompanyThe Paris Home Telephone and Telegraph Company are nowcompiling the data for their new Telephone Directory, which willcontain the largest list of subscribers and advertisers since theorganization of the Company.The new Directory will go to press about October 1, and ifyou desire good telephone service at fair rates, your name shouldappear in this book.Call Manager's office, 427. Do it now. -ilK Paris Rome telephone ana Ceksrapl) Co.7 &??&&'(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.rLENIHAN'S""SCASH SPECIALS!25 pounds Purity Flour 7550 pounds Purity Flour 1.5025 poundsJRed Cross Flour : 7550 poundsJRed Cross Flour 1.5025jpounds Lancaster Flour T 6550 pounds Lancaster Flour 1.30Yl pounds Magnolia Flour 3525 pounds Magnolia Flour 65Mason Fruit Jars, Rubber, SealingWax, Paraff ine.Stone's Silver Slice Cake's ReceivedFresh Every .Day.-T. C. LENIHAIN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234-JSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, sep. 13, 1914Ml &QRoundTrip,25Established 1881 32 'Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Pans, Kentucky,Postoflice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.) cOne Year $2.00 Six Months, $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKETForSenatorJ. C. W. BECKHAM(Long Term)-JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term)For CongressJ. CAMPBELL CANTRILL.TOBACCO STEMS AND STALKSShould the demand of Europe forAmerican tobacco stems cease, thesestems, which contain large quantities of plant food, especially potash,may he used to good advantage bythe American grower of tobacco asfertilizer. Soil fertilized by thesestems secured from, the cigar and tobacco factories and stemmeries, willproduce leaf-tobacco of better burning qualities and -texture.Tobacco stems -as fertilizer shouldbe applied in smaller quantities thanmanure, because they contain largerquantities of the constituents whichfeed the plant, according to the Department's tobacco specialists. Twotons per acre oi "seed stems"(stems from cigar factories) or 2tons o'f "Kentucky stems" (stemsfrom tobacco factories and stemmeries) are known to give good resultsin New England and, so far as available,, these stems will undoubtedlyfurnish a very satisfactory source ofpotash, as well as other plant foods,in other sections. ,Considerable quantities of tobaccostems have long been exported toGermany and other parts of Europewhere they are often used in themanufacture of low grade smokingtobacco and as a source of nicotine.Tobacco stalks which are not removed from the farm under prevailing methods, are not always used tothe best advantage as a fertilizer.Like the stems, they contain considerable quantities of valuable plantfood (though not so much) 'and maybe used freely as a fertilizer for tobacco and other crops. They may beprofitably used to improve the haylot by simply spreading the stalksover the land in the fall or they maybe plowed under the same season forcultivated crops, such as cotton, corn,tobacco, etc. The practice of pilingtobacco stalks in heaps and leavingthem exposed to the weather meansa waste of valuable material thatmight be returned to the soil. Thepractice of burning them is alsowasteful unless they are infectedby such a sjsrjous 'disease as theGranville wilt.THE PUBLIC WILL APPROVEA train conductor alleges that hewas injured when he fell betweentwo cars because of 'exhaustion afterhaving worked three days and nightswith but nine hours rest has receiveda verdict of $75,000 damages in aneastern court. Heavy damages, butthe verdict will be approved not onlybecause the revenge of the conductorupon heartless employers will bepopular, but also because the publicis much concerned in the matter ofwhether trainmen are overworked sothat they are exhausted and unfit fortheir duties.It seems strange that a railroadwould allow much less require, menin important positions to work overtime. But it seems to be commonthing for engineers and other trainmen t be required to work untilthey, are in no condition to pre-dform safe service for 'the passengersof the road. No punishment forsuch practice can he be too heavy.sSTOP THAT FIRST FALL COUGH.RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINktaves GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.F frricklr reUeres Bheam&tlgm. Sore Mas.obi. Kennleia. J3ackche. Headache and'mil mIbs. Your noner back if it fails to nltTe &ar acb in any part of the body mlnetra auauiea use..PrUm SOe. At All Druggists.Twm MBBte Md oirater Mat m. nqsMt.tMMMN REMEDY COMPANY. .kvW W MMh V LABMflwRf RjfiExpert CarriagePainter.Mr. Percy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed hy Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for theJ past 8 yers, has opened a shop at thecorner of Fouth and High Streets, andsolicits thep&tronage of those needing u.uy umijS 111 ais line.Check your fall cough or cold atonce don't wait it may lead to serious lung trouble,. weaken your vitality and develop a chronic lung ailment. Get a bottle of Dr: Bell's Pine-Tar-Honeyto-day; it is pure andharmless use it freely for that fallcough or cold. If the Baby or Children are sick give it to them, it willrelieve them quickly and permanently. It sooths the irritated throat,lungs and air passages. LoosensPhlegm, is antiseptic and fortifies thesystem against colds. It surely prevents cold germs from getting a hold.Guaranteed. Only 25c at your Druggist. ,(adv-sept.)BEWARE OF ANTI-FAT CURES.Beware of so-called anti-fat "cures."That is the warning of the Department of Agriculture in response tonumerous inquiries relative to specific remedies.As a result of tests to determinethe efficacy of a unmber of alleged"nostrums," ithe department - assertsthat pr&ctio&lly .alUsuch prearations,THE QERMINATION 'OF, vCRIMSON CLOVER SEED.Since November!, 1913, there havebeen imparted into the United States3,329,883 pounds of crimson cloverseed. Thig seed comes mostly fromFrance and Australia, where the harvest seasgn is practically the same asin this country. The time for seeingfollows the harvest season so closelythat only a part of the imported seedis received in time to be sown theyear it is raised. Mf the conditions ofstorage are not the best the seed maylose materially in vitality betweenthe time of harvest and that of seeding the next year.New seed of good quality is free Jirom uiiy urowmsu cuiur, uut oiaseed shows 'Varying degrees of brownaccording to age and conditions mderwhich it has been stored. Thebrownish color is fxn indication ofpoor germination the darker the color the poorer the germination. Seedwhich shows a slight hrowninsh colorshould be tested for germination before sowing, and no brown seedshould be used unless a germinationtest shows it will grow well.Germination tests of the 119 lots ofcrimson clover seed imported in thelast eight months show an averageof 80 per cent, of live seeds. The germination varied from 40 per cent, forthe poorest lot to 97 per cent, for thebest lot. As crimson clover seedloses its vitality rapidly, and as practically all the imported seed is 1year old before seeding, an effortshould be made to save domestic seedwherever possible. This is especiallytrue of seed for local home use,where it can be- seeded withoutthreshing or cleaning.-d ''ifojD.sighc3uana, yjPjtntecLJ 887yi?-&COTHE GYPSEY NUISANCE.A band of Gypsies has been annoying the' people in some of the CentralKentucky towns. One bunch, inparticular, is carrying with it a herdof about 60 horses and makes a practice of allowing the animal sto forageon the public highways. ' The Gypsiesthemselves are pretty good at foraging and are given to securing theirsubstence by "ways that are darkand tricks that are vain." Some daywhen the pople in the country townsget real tired of them a shotgunquarantine will be established andthe Gypsies will find that there areno more "good pickings" in certainlocalities where they once reaped abountiful harvest.These Gypsies, or members of another band, are held responsible forthe recent burning of a wheat field onthe recent burning of a wheat field onthe Lexington pike, near this city.There wouldn't be so much miseryin this world if it cost SOO for aliense to hunt trouble.CHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC CHOLERA AND DIARRHOEA REMEDY"I advised the 'boys' when they enlisted for the Spanish war to takeChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy wit a them, and havereceived thanks for the advice given," writes J. H. Houghland, Eldon,Iowa. "No person, whether travelingor at home should be without thisgreat remedy." For sale by all dealers. (adv-sept.)Mafried women are so interestingthat a whole lot of mutts would rather run a chance of being shot thanchase single women.A MISTAKEN IDEAThere are some people who still resortto drugged pills or alcoholic syrups toovercome colds, nervousness or general, debility, and who know that the pure,unadulterated nourishment in Scott'sEmulsion is eminently better, but refrainfrom taking it because they fear -it maylead to excessive fat or obesity.This is a mistaken idea, because Scott'sEmulsion first strengthens the body beforemaking flesh. Its blood-forming properties aid nature to throw off sickness bybuilding health irom its very source, andflesh is formed only by its continued use.Avoid alcoholic substitutes for SCOTT'S.mmSunday. Sent.Popular Price ExcursionTo Cincinnati and Return13. 1914.$1.50For the Round TripNatural Bridge,1.50Sunday, Sept. 16 -Special train leaves Paris, Ky.F 8:20a. m.f returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. mTRAIN LEAVES 10 A. M.Low round trip Summer Touristtickets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia,' Kentucky, NorthCarolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, MontanaMinnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sal dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct. 31, with, very liberalstop-oyer privileges. For f urtfier, information call onor address " " -J. K.SMITH, T.- A.,' AT c, -tTheL., StandardEver5inceThey're still on still in good condition, andthe only attention they've had is an occasionalcoat of paint.In addition to the lasting; qualities, they'reFireproof, Stormproof and inexpensive.I ' For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, KentuckyeWBourbon Laundry fDWIS & FUNK, Props.W Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street$wai r-- iWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous foi fine work and itdever goes bck on its reputation. If you are xarticularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we wane as we like toappreciateeWBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky. $r2vWeight? Yes. Wait? No.i"Now is the time to place your order for your Winter Coalat Summer prices.A FEW REASONS:We buy direct from the mines.We deliver direct from cars to your residence.We own our teams and can control deliveries.Our offiice is at the ard and, we see that you get the coalyou order.We have no solicitors; you get his commission in the better quality of coal.Every customer is satisfied with our coal delivery and become a booster.We never substitute.Many of our customers were burning the wrong kind ofcoal' until advised by us.One a customer, always , a customer.FOX RIDGE COAL is the coal that does the work.1.2.3.4.5.6.7.8.9.10.Dodson DentonParis, Ky.Yxch, SDjthMiin St. B3th Phones 140C&ggfcBvS,i&$GEO. W. DAVISFDNERAl DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBAIME8.BOTH'PHONES VAX 137; NIGHT 299.NflMiNaHiHaHiNt:Pans Odorhss Cleaning Co. tLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedito your satisfaction.We Call Tor and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, iOc; long 25cNHMMMMiMMHiLUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)Pleasure can beckon you with amere whisper. But duty has to, use amegaphone.It is a wise bluffer who knows whennot to.A woman nevervsticksa natphv-inthe same .place, twice. .Tktt's. thI r . At M '-!-- -- - ..u. . J .1though it was covered with fly specksafter she has had it for a while.What has become of the old-fashionedman who used to slip on abanana peel on the sidewalk?The lad who always dodges juryduty is the first one to Indignateabout the verdict brought in. by ajury. -And there were mighty few diroe in. the od days whea. &Jwoomuldida't kow thr wa.8tK3k Awrl.- Both Fhpnec 583,. . . I n-n n.V.nllta1tr'1TAvfhlaac Jti t, i !' ' ! TIT TT- TT --T-.VM TTf ' " I 1 tJ.' .. -pt.-J' I,Aw- ;; vmV 4.. -.! Ilk -faM-to: L&jji!jtz. i&KVi-??1?- vt-srs ,X'$?:?AJe.x-iir ..114..-9S59SMMMIlHrtMMMMHMHh m ' m,f5' xsomething about, -" Montague glass.'HELP, US-TA X.IVE.,To further the interests of, "thetown int which you live, it is necessary to vie with each other in allpublic enterprises and lay aside anymSTAPLE (, FANCYAuthor of'Potash and Pearlmutter". 1 Studied His Characters WhilePracticing Law.orenvious feeling that may creep intoyour nature. Don't "knock" yourneighbor because by hard work andeconomy he has accumulated a fewmore dollars than you possess, butrather admire and encorage the example, to follow which might greatlybetter your own condition. There isa little something that every one cando that will add hot only to the pertDesirable City Residence,Building Lots and Personal Property.In the Matter of the Assigned Estate of George AlexanderW. O. Hinton, Assignee.It is interesting to know 'that Montogue Glass, the .author of the famous "Potash and l'earlmutter" stories in the Saturday Evening Post,studied his characters at first hand,while a young lawyer in New YorkCity. In fact, the author now admitsthat he was often .more .interestedin his clients than in their troublesand that it was the literary possibilities rather than the legal probablities that attracted him during hisservice at the bar.Young Mr. Glass, yes, MontaugeGlass is his real name, had what isUALSOr5sonal welfare of the individual, butAll the Vegetable"Vti.prove a help to the community atirfrlarge. With an eye ever to "selfpreservation," one of the first lawsof nature, then let us reach out toour neighbor a helping hand that hemaV encounter in a business or social way. Exchange. .tf7 9Of the Seasonknown as a "commercial" practiceand among his patrons were many"Abes" and "Mawrusses," but Mr.AssigneeGROCERIEST'VPursuant to an order of sale made in the above styled , cause in theBourbon County Court, the undersigned Assignee, will, ,onTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1914,at the home place of said George Alexander, on the northeast corner ofPleasant and Eighth streets, in Paris, Ky.,at about the hour of10 o'clocka. m., upon the credits of six, twelve andi eighteen months, for equalparts of the purchase money, sell at public auction, free from home-steadand contingent dower rights, the property described in the order of salein the above styled cause, to-wit:"That . tract of three (3) acres and twenty (20) poles of land lyingon the east side of Pleasant Street, and north side of Eighth Street.,in the City of Paris, Ky., it being the place known as the George Alexander Home Place, whereupon stands his residence.The said property will be sold in the following manner, to-wit:The rear premises will be divided into building lots and the saidbuilding lots and the front lot whereon stands the residence and outbuildings will be offered separately to the highest and best bidder andthen the property will be offered as a whole to the highest and best bidder, and the Assignee will accept the bid or. bids aggregating' the mostmoney therefor, with the privilege of withdrawing the said home place orany part thereof altogether, if in his opinion, the whole or subdivisionsthereof should not bring what should be realized therefor, with a viewof making a more advantageous sale.The divisions into which the property will be offered for sale will beindicated before the sale by stakes and lines on the premises for the inspection of purchasers. The purchaser or purchasers to execute bondpayable to the Assignee, bearing date of sale due in six, twelve and eigh-vteen months, with interest thereonfrom date of sale at the rate of sixper cent, per annum until paid, with good surety to be approved by theAssigneeALSO PERSONAL PROPERTY. ,At the same time and place and beginning after the sale of the realestate, the Assignee will, pursuant to an order of the Court, in the abovestyled cause, proceed to offer at public outcry all household and kitcheneffects and other personalty and continue such sale from Way to day until completed. Among the articles of personal property to be sold at thesale are the following:Oak Bed Room Furniture,Mahogany Bed Room Furniture,.Mahogany Library Furniture,Mahogany Dining Table,Large Mahogany Side Board,Mahogany Dining Charis,Carved Mahogany Library Table,Mahogany Bookcase,Lot of Books.Parlor Chairs,Leather Chairs,Odd Rockers, , 'Large Hat Rack,Antique Japanese Lamp, ,Mahogany Consol Table,Upright Grand Player Piano. "Small Tables, "Chiffoniers,Draperies,Genuine Oriental Rugs both smalland room-sizes some of them antiques. Wilton & Body Brussell Rugs andCarpets,Axminster and Velvet Rugs andCarpets,Pictures,1 Large Mantel Mirror,Bisque Figures,Japanese and Oriental Ornaments,Bronze Statuary,Marble 'Statuary,Large and Small Bronze Vases,Teakwood Pedestals and Tabbur-ettes,Full Chimed Hirshaday Grandfather Clock,Large Chinese Vases,Bronze, Bisque and PorcelainVases,Odd Fancy Plates,Household goods may be inspected at residence before saleThe Assignee reserves the right to withdraw -any of the property to be sold, if in his opinion, the price bid therefor is inadequate. W. O. HIINTOIN, Assignee.KENTUCKYSEPT. 14th$3,000 SADDLE$1,000 Lifkt Harness StaleStudent's Judgim ContestTROTTING AND PACING RACES EACH PAYFin Exhibits of Horses, Cattle, Swine, Sheep, Poultry, FieldSeed and Grain, Horticulture and Woman's HandiworkCLEAN MIDWAY AND FREE ATTRACTIONSgrand "niTTi r fir iirvinn"FIREWORKS KOI III- III- ItfirAllillDISPLAYReduced Railroad RatesJ. L. DENT,705 Paul Jones Building,One reason -why I have never learn-j j u rH-,, : i,a.oiioa t naTrTdk is because I neverI Swt in -iSking ti'lrx li'BiBWitl tU UU tilt! lSUgU ia ucwouec j & wicould "e maak SDort in talkingbackward -with'Set of China Dishes,China Fruit Set,Cut Glass ' Vases,Cut Glass Pitchers,Cut Glass Dishes,Cut Glass Decanters,All kind of fancy Cups, Saucersand Elates,Knives and Forks,Silverware,Toilet Sets,Bath Room Furniture,Porch Furniture, N tLaundry Outfit,Kitchen Range, ,Gas Stove,Refrigerator,Numerous otherarticlesusuallyfound in well furnished homes,Family Carriage Horse,Carriage and Harness,Hemp Machine,15 Shares -Paris Opera House Co.4 Shares Bourbon County Agricultural Society,2 Shares Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.,500 Shares Citizens' NationalIns. Co., Louisville,11 Shares Fifth-Third NationalBank, of Cincinnati,1 Share L. & M. Rubber Co,,1 Certificate Fifth-Third NationalMBank, of Cincinnati,5 Shares Chicago-New York Electric Air Line R. R. Co.,100 Shares Travelers' InsuranceMachine Co.,20 Shares Central and SoutliernAdvertising Agency.STATE FAIRto 19th, 1914HORSE STAKE$1,000 Roadster StakeFarmer Bo ya' EacampmentForCfle aiEatry BUmk Addr.Secretary,LOUISVILLE, KY.And this "syould be a -whoIer lotbetop fmintrv it tieoDie wouiu pay atter country if people would pay ag But if ha batches .the cmiaren Uum-mih attention to( Holdia Their J.obs 5 dfciie iveshem Hail Golumbia abouUs tnvdo, to. Knocking TJie Tfeustsu, v4dRuininr their eyee. . v v- t.w w . T ' - .- -T .-Imuoh attention to Hol.din Their J.ohs.,-.-.;,5?". -.TTa . v ''r Try . "f" y '. '. rf ;....;. 3Montague Glassr Author of Potashand Pearlmutter.Glass insisted that his "Potashand Perlmutter," Lawyer Feldmanand the others are all compositecharacters. Of course, their adventures are pure fiction, but theirspeech, thought and actions are not,for during his ten years in practicethe future literary celbrity storedhis memory with an infinite numberof details and when he finally beganto sit down his fiction characters onpeople, he found it easy to investthem with that spirit of fidelity thatdid so much to command immediaterecognition on the art of the reading public.Mr. Glass' world-renowned characters will soon be seen here in theflesh and blood, for "Potash andPearlmutter," the famous comedy,comes to the Paris Grand on Thursday, September 10, direct from itssecond year on the Cohan Theatre,New York.CAN YOU BEAT IT?-John Duvall, the popular conduc-tor-motormanon the Interurban citycar, is peeved, because he can't makepeople understand that he doesn'ti , tr-MtTfl-ilTior TKfliiln Viic; rnr waftwaiting at the station the other day,'Duvall unbosomed himself to theNpws man as follows:"People have an idea that a streetcar conductor is a cross between anencyclopedia, a Webster Unabidged dictionary and a city directory.A w.oman asked me the other day tolet her off on High street in front ofsome place where they sold secondhand dresses, and she got sore because I had to tell her I did not knowof such a place."On another occasion, an old colored woman got on the car, and I noticed she seemed nervous and ill atease. I asked her what the troublewas and she said she wanted to getoff 'close to where Miss Fannie lived,somewhere up on Main street.'That's all the information I could getout of her, and I et her off at theturn on Fourteenth street, where shelimped away looking for 'Miss Fanny.'.Hope she found her."I have tp listen to all sorts oqueer queries, from wanting the time,to news from from the European war,but of course, am expected to be patient and forbearing through all.""MORE RAIN, MORE REST."Plenty of rain has fallen during thepast week, enought to satisfy farmersin every part of the county. Theheaviest showers of the week occurred Friday night, when a soakingrain fell, sufficient to raise thestreams and be of great benefit tocrops. There is nothing to complainof now, live stock is thriving on thefreshened pasturage, crops are rapidly maturing, and everybody is satisfied with the prospects.High prices for food products of allkinds continue to prevail and will doso as long as the European war lasts.Business of all kinds has beenrather dull during July and August,but not more so than usual "during themid-summer months. With thedrough broken, however, and coolerweather prevailing, merchants aregreatly encouraged, and the prospectfor a good fall trade was never better. .CLEAN UP.Clean up your yards, cut yourweeds, see that the street in front ofyour house is clean. Let it be a matter of personal pride with you thatyour premises present as good or better appearance than your neighbors.Much depends upon first impressions.Let Tisitors to our city when theyleave take with them the memory ofan orderly, well-kept town, whosecitizens take pride m keeping it attractive, and the effect of this silentadvertising will "be far-reaching m itsbenefits to JRaris.tell youAnv married woman canthat the Mule hasn't any mortgage onstubbornness.Tether fikps to lie in Ted. and readical, will not move you. Just.,on.,-..!. s i. n!fcoD k M-iilrlren doineRHEUMATISM PAINS STOPPED.The first application of Sloan's Liniment goes right to the painful partit penetrates without rubbing itstops the Rheumatic Pains aroundthe joints and gives relief and comfort. Don't suffer! Get a bottle today! It is a family medicine for allpains, hurts, bruises, cuts, sorethroat, neuralgia and chest pains.Prevents,, infection. Mr. Chas. H.Wentvorth, California, writes: Itdid wonders for my Rheufatism, painis gone as soon as I apply it. I recommend it to my friends as the bestLiniment I .ever used." Guaranteed:25c at your Druggist.(adv-sept.)SIMPLEST WAY TO KILL A FLY.The London Lancet, the leadingmedical journal of the world, saysthat the best and simplest fly killeris a weak solution of formaldehydein water (two tablespoons to thepint, of water.) Place in plates orsaucers throughout the house. Tencents worth of this liquid wilf laitan ordinary family all summer. Ithas no offensive odor, is fatal to disease organisms and is practicallynonpoisonous except to insects.DIZZY? BILIOUS? CONSTIPATED?Dr. King's" New Life Pills will cureyou, cause a helathy flow of Bile andrids your stomach and Bowels ofwaste and fermenting body poisons.They are a Tonic to your Stomachand Liver and tone the general system. The first dose will cure youof that depressed, dizzy, bilious andconstipated condition. 25c all Druggists. (adv-sept. j", ,. .Tr -&- -- -- -- -- -- -j -- -- - -- - yff AA , ffmuh jjMjnwfjrwBiwp FTFV "StraussBros.& Go'sr' New5c Cisar8On Sale at AllCigar Stands.lMltlit2,MSwI"SlMS"'ll4"lt4'4"SMi'"ZII,iStomach Trouble; -WhollyRestored!Mrs. WilsonRotoison, 14ANessle xSt.,Toledo, Ohio,jvrites:"I feel likea new person.I have nomore heavyfeelings, nomore pain,don't belch upvgas, can , eatmost anythingwithout ithurting me. Iwant to beworking allthe' time. 80iiave gainedtwenty - fourpounds.''People thatsee me now.Mrs. Wilton Kebwoa.and saw me two months ago seemastonished. I tell them Peruna didit. I will say it is the only remedylor spring and all other ailments."No argument is needed for Peruna.Just get a bottle and try it. Ifyou have catarrh of the stomach youhave a serious trouble. If you wantto find a remedy it would be very easyto make the experiment Before youhave taken Peruna a week you willlikely find yourself better, then youj .will need no testimonials on the part '.of other people, or arguments to con- ivince you. Until you try Peruna,however, all the testimonials in theworld and arguments, however log-- " trial of Peruna .-will nonvintf voriT "tai w peruna .wiu convince you.'Pe 0ict'tor!iqdTdirwli-ie.en newebjti PeruTaWeU,t Mm J .BBsBlBBH:i34 sIsssK'OUR LINE OFCannedCannot BeN. A. MOORE.Sauer'sfA.r r j-iKINDLYTwin Bios. DepanmenfSeventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky66 Qui3 Window Disoia- FOR LAST CALL ON "SUMMER SUITSValues Up to'2$9.98Also See Our Display of $1.00 anc$1.50 Shirts, with Soft Collars taMatch. Choice NowBargains in AllTwinClothing and Shoe Department.L. WOLLSTEIN, Prop:.S BHbbbbbBONER0POf BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops in thedrinking water cures and.prevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One,60c bottle makes 12 gallons of'medicine At all druggists.pfUELWfriUISample and, booklet on "IJIseases of Fowis" sent FRBE1 n Maaiia SamiIii Oz T 1 rl ! TTTT'T"' r.TSTf- Jk"VGoods:?&.-.'tf-1, .. ".Excelled"Mss.-"':,,y-Old Stand:?-Vi-" SiGreatBnrgaiSaleNow ;Going OnJrvrV yf-z-'4 Ur"k.i- r " 'gain? than ydhave ever before heard of iiiParis.SCALL AT$16.50 ForAsDepartments.!rSrf, jh3B3PHandsome Reidence For'Skle.My residence on Mt. Airy is ,sale. One of the most modernm Pans. Every convemieee. Trone.ctive buyers are invited to .injfSU Jtne building and premises.(28jly-tf) IRS. M. Ju PJLTONFOR RENT.My home place opposite theFair Grounds, now occupiedEd. Burke. AddressMRS. BLANNIBtDr SHIF5AA1 )la)!-.MatiiI & 7()" - - LxpiT3Bros. fi..:-. .-.'.'f rfi" I . I - "5. ". - -rWfZ., t4 v - -'.wv-, X-.-T? vTHE : BOURBON NEWS,: PARIS i KENTOeKEPTEMBER Pli4J- "3.5f r.. .u.!l-IBUSINESS MENAND TAX PAYERSOF MAYSVILLEAPBRAL TOTHINKING VOTERS.Ask Mason Countians to Assist Them In Preservingthe Trade and BusinessPrOSperity of the City ofPerity of Dotl1 so nand in hand.Maysville being prosperous means aMaysville and Maon'5 " Jl "?raJCounty.y (Advertisement.). Don't vote Paris off the map. Are",he Paris merchants and propertyowners going to sleep and let the advocates of "prohibition" vote ParisvV absolutely kill the town? Lexingtonwill beyond a doubt go "wet"through the concerted action of the"business men and tax payers of Fayette. Imagine Paris in a class withCarlisle, Cynthiana and Richmond,with Lexington, Frankfort and Mays-grille wet. It would simply be murderous to the business interests ofParis and Bourbon County. Read below the action taken by the leadingbusiness men of Masville.Lexington, Frankfort and Winches-ter,are also putting forth just such a:Sght2PO THE VOTERS OF MAYSVILLE.AND MASON COUNTY:The City of Maysville is the onlypart -of Mason County that will beseriously affected by the result of thelocal option to be held September 28,1914, for the reason, that no matterhow the election goes all the rest ofthe county will remain as it now is,j Y so far as the legalized sale of liquor$ c Js concerned.J Even should the vote be againstX, iocai option, yet it would not be law-3U1 to sell liquor anywhere in theCounty except Maysville. This being true, the undersigned business, men and taxpayers, citizens of Mays"ville, eel justified in appealing tothe voters of Mason County, and particularly to those residing out sideof Maysville, in deciding how theyshould vote upon this question, to respectfully consider the wishes and, welfare of their fellow citizens residing in Maysville.We believe that the business ofWords toThe overwhelming defeat of State-wide prohibition in Texas,coming after the wither,ing rebuke administed to' Hobson byAlabama', "indicates the Subsidence of the tidal wave of fanaticism which was sweeping over ythe SouthT Henry Wattersonin Courier-Journa1!.s- ., . -: SIt hasn't been a great while "cince AsSitant SuperintendentRichardson, of the Anti-Saloon League,-of Georgia ,uttered thiswail:. "Beer is sold here right and left, and I know it. Youcan get whicky too; for what does it mean when twenty-sevencarloads of beer and whisky are shipped here?"Some one who thinks should have politely informedBrother Richards that it meant two things: ."That thcrs are a goodmany thursty people in Atlanta', and that prohibition is a humbug. J' X 'Prohibition has defenders, but it has no defense.jt. . Jc J- Jc " ,yAre you going to vote in favor of -fatten"ing Lexington to theextent of "about $260,000 annually by voting .out the salo'on inParis?it is safd Jay a Paris saloonkeeper that in four weeks he pur. chased , 17,000 empty beer and whisky fcTottles from a party inCarlisle. Carlise Advocate. .Crime originates in the head and not in the stomach.. .Thesalo'on has about as much to do with crimeas the man in themoon. ,Lexington reached out and drew to herself the Burley Tobacco Society, which had been nourished in its infancy and"taught to walk" by Winchester.. .And the business men ofthat city doubtiess chuckled in their sleeves at the ease with.which they did it. Shall we again be the "easy marks" andwltlqss dupes of, Lexinaton?mThere is "no law against a dealer in a wet town selling '"fquo'rto any man who cares to buy. And there is no law which "prohibits'" a man from a dry town spending his money for wet500 ds in a wet town.Thus it is -seen that Prohibition doesnot prohibit in the truense of the word, but only forces the man who wishes to purchaie. liquor to go to a neighboring town for his drinks, ff(JPrs goes "dry, Paris trade will go to-Lexington, just as Cynthiana and Carlisle trade now drifts into Paris. ; vKeep your eyes open to the situation and vote against Lex-r ington getting fat at the expense of Paris.(advetlsenVcnt),"? "- www Wour city will be very seriously injured should local option carry, andwe will be deprived of the revenuederived from license fees which govery largely toward paying the annual expenses of the City of Maysville.The amount of revenue which wewill be thus deprived of will have tobe supplied from some other form oftaxation, and will have to come fromthose owning property and doing business in the City of Maysville.In so far as the morals of 'the community are concerned, insteadroT-ctKetraffic being regulated by the law andpaying high license fees to the CityGovernment, we would have substituted therefor the illegal sale ofliquors through the medium of blindtiger and speak-easys. As betweenthe two, we consider the former condition for more preferable.We, therefore, appeal to all wellthinking voters to assist us in preserving the trade and business prosperity of our City and County as ourinterest are identical, and the pros-uiuuulu) ui niaouii uuuutj, uuvigreater return for those who cultivate the farm.E. T. Kirk, Banker.E. A. Robinson & Co., ManufacturersMcClanahan & Shea, Hardware.John P. Bauer, Buggies,, etc.Frank Owens Hdw. Co., Hardware.J. Posner & Co., Shoes. ' J -L. M. Cavendish & Co., 5 & 10c storeA. Foerder, Agt. Adams Express Co.Kirk Bros., Auto Dealers.Jas. F. Summers, Bottler.Caproni Bros., Wholesale Fruits andVegetables.Schwartz & Son, Meat Market.The Morgan Studio.The Daily Independent.C. E. Geisel.B. P. McClanahan.Fred Schnelle, Shoes and Boots.A. Sorries, Lock Smith.P. W. Wheeler, Shoe Maker.Henry Gable, Coal Dealer.Gable Bros., Coal Dealers. 'Jos. H. Gable, Coal Dealer.Frank Gable, Coal Dealer.Katie M. Miller, Grocery.Bierley & Bierley, Grocery.fR. & W. Rasp, Tinners.Fred Williams, Watch Repairer.Miller & Co., Harness ManufacturerJohn Rrisbois, Funiture.Chas. E. Martin, Restaurant.J. B. Durrett, Ban&ing.F. P. Lang, Dentist.Fitzgerald Saddlery Co., Harness.Mike Brown, Harness, Hardware.Short & Kain, Cor. Second and Limestone street.Mason Lumber Co., Cor. Second andLimestone streets".L. Langefels, Plumber.Omar Dodson, Merchant.Sphar Brick Co., Manufacturers. "Frank Landgraf, Tailor.Murray & Thomas Co., Granite andMarble.Jas. M. Riley, Liveryman.R. A. Carr, Jr., Coal Dealer.James S. Redmond, Grocery.Model Laundry Co., Laundry.TS3the Wise.Winchester Sun.VChenoweth Drug Co,, Druggists.Thomas A. Keith, Banker.Frank P. O'Donnel, Lawyer.J. J. Lingenfelser, Grocer.W. H. Taulbee, Physician. 'J. A. Simpson, Optician:January Estate, Real Estate.LeWright Browning, Attorney-at-Law.Traxel & Co., Confections.H. L. Walsh, Commercial Law.Whitehall, Kirk and Watkins, Hotel.P. J. Murphy, Jeweler.Geo. W. Childs Cigar Co., Cigar Mfg.Van Sikes, Operator.Manhattan Restaurant, Restaurant.T. H. N. Smith, Doitist.Central Hotel, Hotel.Slack & Seely, Barbers. HCoughlin & Co., Leverymen.Jno. D. Walker, Cigars and Tobacco.J. T. Devine, Lunch Room.C. NF. McNamara, Tailor.St.N Charles Hotel, Hotel.William Trouts, Barber.French Cleaners, Tailoring,Central Garage Co., Automobiles.Chas. Owens, Restaurant.Jno. T. Smith, Billiard Room.Galanty & Alper, Clothiers.Kirwin & Co., Cigar "Manufacturers.J. -Wesley Lee, Clothfer.Leonard & Lally, Stoves, EtcJake Caproni, Fruit Store.H. M. Robinson, Mgr. WaU. T. Co.Staker Bros., Meat Market.C. L. Wood, Banking.Ed Richeson, Grocer. . 'Joe Schatzmann & Co. China Store.H. B. Wood, Meat.R. B. Lovel, Grocer. ,Fred Dresel,. Tailor. xGeo. W. Adair, "Attorney.J. C. Cablish & Bro., Grocers.A. F. Current, Public Ledger.M. C. Russell Co., Grocer.W. T. Cummins, Grocer.Louie Miller, Shoe Maker.M. P. Redmon, Grocer.i J. F. Walton, Real Estate and Ins.Lawrence Clark, Shoemaker.G. W. McDaniel & Co.. Coal.j. C. Turner, Shoemaker.C F. Breeze, Grocer.Mrs. Jno. Hayes, Grocer.P. Gantley, Grocer.J. C. Simson, Contractor.Dan Daly, Steam Fitter.Sa'm Middleton, Iron Business.J. H. Bradford, Merchant.Maysville Water Co.A. G. Sulser, Insurance. 'J. M. Collins, Lawyer.Gallenstein & Gallenstein, Blks,Harry Ort, Furniture Repairer. , aMike Gallenstein.Martin Hanley, Grocer.Frank A. Vines, Plumber. iW. D. Cochran, Attorney at Law.McDowell & Case, Contractors.W. H. Key, Insurance and Real Estate. Thomas A. Davis, Real Estate.Frank H. Clark, Investment Securities. W. B. Mathews & Co., Lumber Dealers. I. F. Chanslor, Druggist.Frank Armstrong, Real Estate.George II. King, Grocer.J. H. Dickson, Grocer. , 'F. Devine, Real Estate.Maysville Coal Co., Coal, Etc.Maysville Ice Co., Mfgr. of Ice.J. C. Cablish.. & Sons, Grocers!jf. M. Hunt, Dry Goods. . ,D. Hunt & Son, Dry Goods -D. Heckinger & Co., Clothing.Merz Bros., Dry Goods.Geo. Barbour, Banker.Mint Cola Bottling Go., Soft Drinks.FOR CASH ONLY.School books will be sold to every-one alike for cash only. Don't askfor credit, as you will be refused.Send the CASH by the children. Weare merely agents.(4-2t) PARIS BOOK STORE.t jKUDDLESTON.Mr. William Huddleston, aged73, at one time one of, the largestland owners in 'Nicholas county, diedhear Carlisle, Saturday. Mr. Hud-j dleston owned over 1,000 acres ofline i-ariiiiiig lanu. in iviuiioias county,but business reverses wasted his es'tate and he died poor.DAYTON.Mrs. Nettie Gardner has received a message thati her nephew, Her-mrm 'HS.Trfrm O.A vonTn nlrl .wop A-mtiT-rP. J I JJ . ., . . ,1ltMU. .rwvj WWA . J U.10 Will, trUO Ull.tVU.-ou-u, iuw uaya ago in uamornia, anu-jthe body would be buried at Pleasantbailey, Ky., his home, Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock.' Mrs. Mary Mason, the venerable grandmother ofthe unfortunate young-nlan, residesin this city- with her daugher, Mrs.Jolin liice, on. iMineeeth street. Mr.-Mr. and Mrs. Yilliam Mason, of thecounty; Ttfrs. Gardner and Miss Kateuaraner auenaea cue tunerai.LANCASTER. "'""The. funeral of John L. Lancaster, who died Thursday afternoon at'the Massie Hospital, was held Saturday morning at 9:30 o'clock at thehome of his brother, C. J. Lancaster,on Seventh street.The services were conducted byRev. W. E. Ellis and the body wastaken to Lexington on the Louisville& Nashville train leaving hers at10:27 o'clock, and buried in the family lot in the Lexington cemetery.The following friends acted as pallbearers: John Glenn, Anderson Ca-Jhal, Leer Stout, J. J. Connell, Henryxroscne ana juawaru Kelly.' TALBOTT.-r-Mrs. Mary Talbott, aged 7Syears, died at the Harrison Hospitalat Cynthiana, Sunday afternoon, fromthe effects of injuries sustained in afall several days ago at the home ofher nephew, jtfr. James W. Smiser.Mrs. Talbott was the widow of Mr.James Henry Talbott, a .prominentfarmer of the Shawhan precinct,who died several years ago. Afterthe death of her sph, Mr. CharlesTalbott, for many years Sheriff ofBourbon county, abaut five years agothe farm was sdld and Mrs. Talhoffwent to Cynthiana to make her homejwitn tne ' Smiser family. Mrs. TaVuuti was ,an aunt r Mr. Charles T.Eals, the" rear estate dealer of Cvn-tniafca. - ,- v,The, funoralirrangeiifeifts Vaveaot yetbW Cwmiirt3H . ' f flavel"r-rm-m - . - - J .- "niPftTsiPn6t yerheen t pomptetWTHEATRICAL.Columbia Theatre To-day.Two feature. .pictures will be" shownto-day a detective story entitled"A Marine Mystery," 'with KingBaggot as the defective, and anAmerican drama entitled "Jim" apoetic gem visualized, featuring Ed.Conen and Wihfred Greenwood.Columbia To-Morrow."The 'Million Dollar Mystery."Episode No. 9 The Leap From anOcean Liner Having succeeded inmaking Florence believe her sweetheart,-Norton, false, the conspirators strive desperately to get Florence into their power and to ridthemselves of Norton's presence inthe game. They secure a medicaicertificate' signed, under threat, by.two doctors to the effect that Florence is insane, cleverly abduct herright under the nose of the police,and carry her aboard an out-goingliner. This episode thrills with startling action- Florence, when far outa't sea, leaps from the ocean liner inthe dead of night, battles with thewaves, is finally rescued by a fishingschooner, and carried to the humblefisherman's home. But her mind is ablank.TOBACCO TRADE WARNED OFWAR ON THEIR BUSINESS.Richmond Organization Thinks Prohibitionists Will Turn on "Weed"RICHMOND. VA., July 21. Withattacks already being ,made againstthe use of cigarettes and many ministers seeking to prevent the sale ofluxuries on Sundays, the Richmondtobacco trade, believes that theState-wide prohibition election "to beheld in Virginia this year will be followed by a fight against the use oftobacco. From the Virginian Pilot,Norfolk. Cadv)OFMonday, Oct. 5, 1914.1st As agent of Joseph H. Clay, II will rent, niihlip.lv. at. thft finnrr Hmi?door, in Paris, Kentucky, about thehour of 11 o'clock, a. m., onMONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1914,to the highest and best bidder, thefarm containing about 364 acres, belonging to Joseph H. Clay, lying andsituate on the ' Escondida Stationturnpike, near Escondida Station, inBourbon County, Kentucky. Thereare upon this farm, two comfortablete'nant-houses, with the necessaryi outbuildings attached. About 7 acresof said lands are to be cultivated -intobacco, about 127 acres in corn. 45acres iu meadow, and the remainderm grass: that in meadow and grass1 to so remain. Tne lands so to becultivated in corn and tobacco arethe same lands now in cultivation insaid crops during the present year.' TERMS Said land will be rentedfor a term of one year, beginningMarch 1, 1915, and ending March 1,1916, and for the rental a note payable to the undersigned as committee, of Joseph H. 6lay, with good surety to be approved by the undersigned, will .be required, said noteto become due and payable March 1,191G.2nd Also at the same time andplace, as agent for Miss Letitia Clay,I "will rent publicly, to the highestand best bidder, her farm lying andsituate immediately upon the Parisand Winchester turnpike, in Bourbon County, Kentucky, about 5 milesfrom Paris, and containing 227 acres,of which 91 acres is to be cultivatedin corn and the remainder is in grassand is to so remain.TERMS Said 227 acres will like-wise be rented for the period of oneyear, beginning March 1," 1915, andending March 1, 1916. One-third ofthe rental to be -paid in cash onMarch 1, 1915, one-third September 1,1915, and the remaining one-thirdMarch 1, 1916, and foF which saidrental, notes- with good surety, to beI appro; ed by the undersigned andI payable to Miss Letetia Clay, will hej required.i sra Also at tne same time anaplace, as agent for the committee ofGeorge Clay, I will rent publicly atract of 50 acres of land lying andsituate immediately upon the Parisand Winchester turnpike, adjoiningthe above described lands of MissLetitia Glajr, and upon which -50 acretract there is a good and substantialbrick dwelling with all necessaryoutbuilding, all in a first-class stateof repair. Immediately adjacent tothe residence there is a splendidspring with a continuous flow of water throughout the year. Of the said50 acres, approximately 6 acres areto be cultivated in tobacco and .approximately 24 acres in corn or truckgarden, and the remainder is to remain in grass. The lands to be cultivated in corn and tobacco are thesame now in cultivation in corn andtobacco at this time.TERMS Said land will be rentedfor the term of one year, bgeinningMarch 1, 1915, and ending March 1,1916, and for the rental a note withgood surety to be approved by theundersigned, payable to II. C. Howard as committee, of George Clayjwill be 'required.FRANK CLAY,Committee of Joseph H. Clay.FRANK GLAY, ,AgenV of 'Mi&s Letitia 'Clay. ,FRANK CLAY, . ,.. .., ... rr rK t-t . .',.,'Ag(f f owara'. uomm.luee-u!: t3 v- 5 .lbA wm K IT ViOTrTJ3 71 v. ?T K6Bn Auctioneer.VJ" SPLENDIDi ,.....i..t..i..M... .1..1..1 1 ,. j..M f 1 1-Wolf, Wile & Co.formerly Jffaufmanj Straus 6c Co,rySpecialAAnnouncementWe Invite You To Visit Our PatternPattern Department onTUESDAY & WEDNESDAYSeptember 8 and 9Mrs. Margaret H. Widrig,Special Representative of the Pictorial Review Co.,j titof New York, will be here to explain the many dis-tinctive features of Pictorial Review Patterns which Jmake them superior to all other patterns.The patent Cutting and Construction Guides -ffurnished only with Pictorial Review Patterns savef time, labor and material in every case. They show ?I just how to lay out the parts of the pattern on the Jmaterial to cut and howcompleting the garment.. Do not fail to meet Mrs. Widric and learn ofthe many advantages contained in Pictorial" Review fPatterns not found in any.,."'WOLF. WILEFormerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexinsfton,&.s.Z,.r'"?iJi"Kt.M9e$ft9see6$3e$9)9$9$$3$$$3S9easae$33About the Salooe!&l5,,?s8f,iI"&I5,IJtjMjore Human Lives Added To 'TheoToll oTTTi Heof!.?vf -We judge, the thing, if it is good or bjid by its results. Thatis- a .principle of business. Let "us judge the saleon,"tha agentof tli-e liquor traffic in Paris by its results. 1 'On-last Saturday evening thrge meif, inflamed with whisky,which was bought in a Paris saloon, engaged, in a quarrel, andas the result two men are now forever beyond the pale of the faCTsuiuuu, uum ueuu uoipsea, anotiier near ueatus aoor. WHO tneseg . men were does not matter, but they were some, one's son, some0 - ' "Si one's brother, whether- black or white. Their, lives were worth$16,000 per yeaf. Is not the life of your 'father or brother worth1 'm more than the tax on- liquor men. give JParis? In the past weekcqunt for 'yourself the men who are lying in their graves as'the result' of these saloons. ' The actions of men inflamed bywhisky, sold by the saloon keeper, licensed- by the town, ap-proved bye the voter, you the vofer7 You .Mr. VOTER shallm say otf Septmber 28thif lives are to pay the toll of the saloons.J Last week from a saloon oh yMain street was a -trail of bloodon the pavement for two 'blocks. Maybe the injured man ran -into the door, maybehe fell", but you know what might havehappened. To everjj'' saloon in Paris can be traced streams ofi. 19 ofblocfd, fresh and still -warm. Now the saloon keeper is en-,9 deavoring to wash if away, before you,3rr. VO,TER, shall see it.,Are you proud of this recordof the past few weeks?Is this saloon and bloodshed"TRUE TEMPERANCE?"- 4(Advrtismant)ft Jk ,;y...'i ttim f t Till TT-T1 1 1 1 M t 11 1y4 .,to assemble the parts inother pattern.'&5"I$iJ.TLiquor IVIenParis, vC4- 'T'" X iA. -5V59J&CD9mmmm99m999999999S1piliiifiniiiiwywtiivv jAJZ&liJkT- er .' .i3? L 4 Ji Cnv - '-," - ,.MHTHEBOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 819141te 7 . -.--" " "" - . ' -V T - .': - . - r i AHiHAS THE BEST'OF ALL LINES MADfcV-NOTICE.City tax lists for theyear 1914 are now inmy hands for collection at my office atthe Deposit and Peonies Bank.H C. K. THOMAS,tf City Collector.FOR BOYS AND GIRLS.The best school shoes to be foundfor boys and girls is at Feld's ShoeStore. (septl-tf)FALL STYLES.Stetson and Dunlap new Fallstvles, at4-tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S.WHOSE?A lace automobile cap was recently" found in front of the BourbonXews office. The owner can obtainsame by calling at this office andproving property.NOTICE.The Woman's Local Option Leagueill meet at the court house Thursday afternoon at three p. m. and every 'Thursday during September.There are no. membership dues, but,oluntary subscriptions, of any size,.vill be gratefully received. (S-lt)SPICES AND VINEGAR.SOiMANDrenownLMrs. C. B. Mitchell is ill at theMassie Memorial Hospital.Mr. J. P. Shaw, of Elwood, Ind.,is a euest of Paris relativpsMiss Elizabeth Embry is a guestof friends in Mt. Sterling.Mrfe. George Rion is a guest ofKansas City, Mo., relatives.Mrs. H. J. Grosche has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Dayton,Ky.Mr. Amos Slicer, of Chicago, isvisiting his parents. Mr. and Mrs. A.L. Slicer.Mrs. W. H. Worrick, of Indianapolis, Ind., is a guest of Mrs. T. H.Roberts.Mrs. Ida Gatewood, of Covington,was a week-end guest -of Mrs. Wni.Remington.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Wesseckerhave returned from a business tripto Louisville.Misses Mary Mitchell Clay andFrances Clay are guests of Miss Margaret "Willis, in Winchester.Miss Celeste Lucas left yesterdayfor Saranac, New York, where shewill3pend the winter.Miss Eva Wasson, guest of Mrs.Wm. B. Woodford, has returned toher home in Versailles.Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Ardery haveas guest at their country home, Mrs,Mary Adair, of Mt. Sterling.Miss Elizabeth Howard has returned from a visit to Miss LauraShackleford, in Mt.4 SterlingMrs. Wm. Giltner, of Lexington,was a visitor in Paris yesterday.Mrs. N. F. Brent left yesterdayfor a business trip to St. Louis, Mo.Mrs. Claude McKinley, of PomCOLLEGE BUILDING LEASED.Mr. and Mrs. J. -W. Brown haveleased of Mr. Clifton Arnsparger theold hllilrHnp'' rf thp "Rnnrlinn P.nllp-pdexter, Ky., is a guest of Mrs. Mary i and will convert it into an apartmentT?n?Q I limiSP frT roTitinc nurnnepa tr cincloRose.Miss Edith Wright has returnedfrom a visit to Miss 'Dorothy Ford,jat Danville. sMr. and Mrs. William Traylor, ofPiqua, O., are guests of friends inthe county.Mrs. O. L. Marshall has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. J. J.Curie, in Cynthiana.Miss Lena Whaley has returnedfrom Sharpsburg, after a "week's visitto Mrs., John Hall.Mrs. Nathan H. Bayless, Sr., hasreturned from a visit to MineralSprings, in Tennessee.Miss Laura Hanly, of Atlanta,Ga., is a guest of Mrs. William Hukill, Sr., on Broadway.Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Jones, of NorthMiddletown, joined the hay fevercolony at Toronto, Canada.Mrs. Frank Donaldson, of Hamden Junction, Ohio, is a guest of Mrs.H. C. Parvin, near Clintonville.Mrs. Charles Hough, of the Rnddles Mills precinct, has gone to Tampa, Fla., where she- will teach school.Miss Ann Embry attended thedance at Richmond, Thursday night,and was the guest of Miss Ann B.Cohen.Messrs. William Higgins, FrankGrosche, John Williams and WilliamGiegory motored to High BridgeSunday.Mr. and Mrs. Orville Faulconer.oL Elwood, Indiana, are guests of theMr. and Mrs. Arthur Hancock former's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Geohave retuned from a sojourn at OldSweet Brier Springs, Virginia.Miss Helen Daugherty has goneto Winchester to take a positionas teacher in the public school.Miss Jennie Kenney has returned to Roszell, N. M., after spendingher vacation with Paris relatives.Mrs: Henry Fuhrman and MissClara Bacon left Saturday for BaltiFaulconer. near Ruddles MillsMr. and Mrs. Nat Hay, guestsof the latter's mother, Mrs. AgnesJacoby, near Paris, , returned to tlieirhome in Urbana, Illinois, Monday.Mr rind Mrs. O. B. Ecton. Jr..guests of Mrs. Ecton's father, Mr. !Lloyd Ashurst, on Cypress street,have returned to their home in Winchester.Miss Mary Harrigton, guest ofhouse for renting purposes to singlepersons or to married people withoutchildren. The builuing is modernlyequipped in every respect, and theroomers will be supplied with allconveniences, light, heat, water, etc.The rooms will be rented unfurnished. vTO ORGANIZE CLASS IN-'MODERN DANCING.Mrs. Edith Alexander Bronston,who has recently returned from NewYork, is organizing a dancing classand is also giving private lessons.Mrs.. Bronston has graduated andstudied under the most capable artists in th3 East and i3 prepared toteach the modern dances so much invogue in Washington, New York,Philadelphia andptjher Eastern cities.The number in " the class beingorganized will be limited and thosewho want to join are urged to communicate with Mrs. Bronston at once.(sept8-lt) ,Father is always willing to takeWillie to a ball game or a circus.But he wants to fight if Mother askshim to take Willie to Sunday School.ANNOUNCEMENT!THE ARDERY DRUG CO.'- IS NOW OPEN FOR BUSINESS.' IThe stock has been Invoiced anq cleaned up, all old,depreciated goods are thrown out and we are oftermg a mfull and up-to-date line of -DRUGSAnd Druggists' Sundries.We guarantee quick delivery to any part of the city.Country orders delivered in one day's time by parcelspost. Phone us your wants.A visit to our store will be appreciated.WE-HAVE TAKEN'AFALLOUT OF OUR PRICES. . 5uklS.tit),. nrp vd ami Wa ,hiiwVi T) C ' Miss Mary Harrigton, guest otWo Have the best of spices, malt 1MJ, i'Sis ii An-' MisB Hclen Cain' on Higgins Avonue'td cider vinegar for picklmg. . vprriv mom in for 2- .'sturned to her home m Cynthi-PREPARE FORC. P. COOK & COJUDGE JANUARY OUT.nie Kelley left yesterday morning for ll! Swango Springs to remain some tjme.i Mrs. Charles Shafer and littleJudge E. B. January, whohas beenouite ill for several weeks with anattack of bronchial pneumonia, hasentirely recovered and was auie 10daughter. Susie, have returned toCincinnati after a visit to Mrs. HarryLyons. .Miss 'Mary Shannon has returnedto her home m this city after a visitThile yesterday.LOCAL OPTION SPEAKERS.entirely recoverea anu to MisS Mayme Bourne, in Madisonbe at his place of business a short ; CQuntMrs. A. H. Morehead and children have returned from Chatta-! noo. Tenn.. where thev snent theRev. J. C. Morrison, of Witoo.e , Mr R Dicksm returnedaddressed .a large audience at uie successful ten-daya' fish-Paris court house, Sday afternoon, , Clair nm the interest of the local Ptl0n , Mfchigan.campaign. curt ' Mrs. Prentice Lancaster and sis-Monday afternoon Dr. Geo fatuart, Burton, hays re-aoted platform speaKer, auu iu frQm a vig.t tQ relatives in ,a large audience . " --" Louisville.along the line of temperance. sit The Bpurbon Dancing club will, ,.1Coirw riRPLE entertain with a dance Monday evenYOUNG LADIES' MISSION ClKCLfc . the MasQnic Temple from 9:30w -r T- 7 -iT:.;nn p;rrip to 3:30 a. m.The Young Ladies Mis sion Lircie m Turner his .return-of the Christian Church will meet nea paris af fcer athis afternoon at 4 o ciock iui , isi tQ M-ss Martna GreenHelen Hutchcraft. An address illMh .n M ille.FALL1 The Ardery Drug Co.Clarke's Old Stand.aa iioc3estit,I Buy your Gas Heaters nowi at special reduced pricesfor cash.wEverything guarBnfeed.Nothing charged.o9eQOmQ9Ooo909Q0)" Keep Yohf Mouth Shut,"4iana. accompanied by MisS Cain, whowill make her a visit.Mrs. John Barnes, of Mt. Sterling, is a euest of her father, Mr.James M. Russell, on Mt. Airy Avenue, and her sisters, Mrs. B. A.Frank and Charles Wilmoth.Mrs. W. W. Judy was broughthome Saturday night from Dr. Satler's Hospital, in Cincinnati, whereshe had been under treatment forsome time for an eye affection.Messrs. Mary M. Brannon and1 Bernadette Brannon and Messrs.John Maher, Murray Higgins andThos. Brannon, Jr., composed a partythat motored to Lexington and Winchester, Friday night.A successful operation for adenoides and enlarged tonsils was performed on little Allen Bowling, sonof Mrs. Wm. Bowling, of Munfordsville, at the Massie Memorial Hospital, yesterday mqrning by Dr.Stern. The patient is doing nicely.- ,. T-r -t- a -u:i idr and Miss Lelk Scoggan, who I OOOeteO33D0eoepimvii hfifin the euests of Mt. and Mrsrelativesis the answer given by a prominent saloon keeper when askedfor the best argument in favor of -the saloon.The saloon forces are organized and capitalized, they can polltheir strength without making a speech. They are opposed toany agitation that will, make the voeer stop and consider."WHY IS THE SALOON?" - '-.'YrHY SHOULD I ENDORSE IT?"Saloons Destroy the Physical man.'Saloons Destro'y the Moral man..,Saloons injure Busines-Destroy the Saloon Vote Dry!linn of Hunt-!t .T Rpflmon and othertnipst nf'his nar-lncnr Knrf.h Middletown for. the pastents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles N. Pith- two weeks, have returned to their"- ian. on Pleasant street. home in Louisville.i .Js-JLJZ? I gg--?LUUIV ClliU lOUlllJ, JI- Xiuuno.., ...LOST., " rrhontrp ond Va.t are guests of Mr. and Mrs. Clrtis.Between the monrathta N. Fithian, on Pleasant street.-.r t-.. Awcnup Saturday nigut, i ,,. ,,. ,:i c T,.;r,Ait. An.) i-.v---, - - -, rippcp -Uiss unnana, viuitja, ui caiuSstring of ivory Deaub. i --return to this ofiice. v . r v . visiting Mrs.TTrTTnqrTlON -Georgia Spears, on Mt. Airy Avenue.SECURES GOOD POSITION. JTIr3. Gertrude Sinoot and son,.-! t w? ivmnisciii AiuuuL nave lcimucurnnoTir v h- : --signed the local agLnfinOOn I '.ITlCillllliiLl ( " " -' . -r-. . .. -Tpres jaessensei r ZnnV fimilv Miss Ellen Towies, ot rans, anuand Lexington. Mr Deans tarn gu8stf za Bereckenwin remain m i. --- - iride. of Missouri, nave xetuiueu-- ..-il nn fn T.PVinSXOU 1UIC1 --uu . . " . .. . ,r: T T.rrr J,,nlr.1 irom a visit 10 iuiss aidisaici, yulols, in Versailles.Mrs. Powell Bosworth and chil-THE FAB(Tm ton, and Mrs. E. N. Wickliffe, of. The time is nere tor ran ciejmuj(8-lt) -u" Trr ,,,. tt 'and Gretins readv for the holidaygoods that will arrive daily. Wehave greatly reduced prices on everyline in our store. A visit to TheFair will pay you, when in need ofany thing in our line.Mr. John Dean, wB " " I from a most enjoyable visit amongsuened the local ageuujr .. "v- "-- i friends and relatives - m .MasonExpress Co., Has oeen - ounty.will remain iu. x." - -wwill co to Lexington later. onreside permanently.MONROE SWEENEY ROBSED.KODAK! ji ..,1, liorrn Vicicm oiipcfc Ctf AlrS.Ulttll, tt'l'U lltXi """ 0v.w-- ---. ...,.v i.i Powell's mother. Mrs. W. B. Griffith,Urmroe: Sweeney, ot Paris, u "" fnr. aororfl1 rlpvs. returned to theirconcluded a. and J. H.relieved of tivfUe, Wednesday, on msj- operated on recently at;. Bomeonetojmd. checks for M Hospital forMowoe Sweeney, .of Parw.no j day3j returnedutt concluded a visit to Ins uncles, , Lexington, Saturda3 i2 ri .t. H. Monm, near rsonn, , "T 1J. liJ. .. ,m I IUI I'lUIIfL 1I1U T J-'Cas relieved of two suit case. " Mr-; and Mrs. James Doty, of Eastjo r -i T TT. Monm, ueai w,o. x. . ., -nr. nLouisville, Wednesday, on'lomea-rflif, r- -'X.- J.f "WK MSI ailO gO- "B1U """ A,. Jr.?r1e -jrsfl.: z j. i.MrMcm room. -jifiiza-' '"" ""ilentn street uftfeso- -bjthtown News.-Bliza-' adenoids, ana is getuug aiuu5 ..'j nicely.j Mrs. J P. Mann, of Richmond,RAID CRAP GAM J hare returned to their homes, after-. ,i V..!a visit to their brother and sister,Sheriffs Talbott, aaa.sua.i - - Remington, and . Mrs."VTtiTiesfiplrlandsaentts xn.w --- . . w.lMr. FranK-Itatock, a ?J KTnA RingotMayme Parish.aari a-id Patrolmen King ana ""-, ' w TrriisomraWed a crap game in PWe daughter , -Miss Sallie, guests of theit. Mavsvills bridge yebtt:iuj "rre rOiiirirPn. Mrs. Thos. Kiser, ,- nt na.ntured ten laueio, , ; ATn,1cfipifi and Mr. G. M. !:" .". " r-pst. nesroes. i ftiib i-"" -"""" .rj 4 niiiree wmte auu .---;" & MansSed. have returns tuthe approach pi xu ' " thftin0me in Danville.Jpt 3K Tn Your VacationYou Should Take a"finn ftCfltneir iip hnAh scattered liKe qu - . a Dougherty, who has. r , mw ennn TOUnueu ; j-"- " -. -,, - ., nmusL. DUt me oiucl3 --- - , . x, lasSie jiemonai nus-pon-jxUIJAivmusL. but the ofcoere bouu i , b at the Massie Memorial hos-t'om up. They erie fid I pital for several days under treat-!L2e McMillan and four were nnea pit tonsiUtis has reumedsu thei.,ft nd Posts, one dismissed anu us nrofession. having dint ana were i - - ---others confessed judgmejteu in. various sumsBOURBON FARMERS REJOICINGi.:ni.. vtrto-i-orpf1Mr and Mrs. Frank Farmer ofHarriman, Tenn.; Mr. and Mrs. John-r-, -vtt Tnp 'R'armer. Jr., M., , i Tiior Parmer Airs. Joe Farmer and,v farmers have am- Keller 1 armer, .u j.Boarbcm county farmery LauTe Miss-Elizabeth Jones, ae cae nowjojrrejoicin byi yere guests f a slx; oall of Pan:nnin.l' rJininiroie cause uuw j - . , Were guests oi a. sia , , ,, tot the line promises now held out hi ere , Qf and Mrg uman anu . - wf0 fupr. r. Bramblette.?xi Hurpnn for seasonauie ""-- 1 t TTprald: "Mrs. Aureuw nirPonny Liciiuhvu"tbe weather manThe county is just now r'e"ed Washington, of Houston, Texas, neetwm the effects of a ?ro?5j Miss Kate Lucas, of this city, andlu ...i i, Pration is prent- Miss ivate Galveston,ig the appearance of summer rather aiu pari s t gatthin of the early fall. The pastures wno expgct to come.Pee. f3 SSTagSn k.feffor.a vist to Misses MarionBWincnes ajte -" "- r-i 0n na-crops areThey will enjoytaking picturesthe simple, 'easyKodak Way.You will be gladto have a picturestorv of vacationdaysKODAKS, $5.00 up.BROWNIE CAMERAS, they workI a ntirl8 ifiss ft ally yfjy w?sLLLU S liSy uUb g g ' (Advertisement) j;S Incorporated. e " " ia -.m.(.,nmnfMagata-aBftiiiiKwaiaMBai3ilBWa'"1"r''ww 3' .aAnaaonaft.gjaaag.ifattapiMatMaiia 'fey -' -- v H iiI . " !!'-ItI Therefore' '?- . "-- Ifire Ml of water agaju. Fen Hilligan." .'nice Kodaks, $1.00 tofast ripening and all na anodford Sun: Miss Margaret,$12.00.nt that frost may hve 4 j was wWte Silk stock. ad -?e Jllw SS.gUSLP by Miss Brecldnridge;n ooomc -Pioicins. , ... --i.i -c.c hostess at uuponi,Tobaco cutting has -- rfKrnootf at 3 o'clock in :some sections of tUe countj, and iH iuesa attra(,u t01:s jt ss ,"-lLaay noused BrccWurid, e. of Lom - M-,:ras possiuie, xwi v"w - cf mjv live lauie "j -1"- , .,,. jrhuvp hrouaht a hint uwu. ' ,,tJ?Toa desirous of getting their crops unHer cover before it is nipped nefTObt. Peaches, apples.- grapja. meiopS, corn, beaaaCtt Wetc, m pleatiful, Nj-gteJ.raTlEy11'rfthuts am.treatiy ncour-13S5, "J.r i, 1Tiae. . -. :ll, trvlrmiTS.i WUU U wssfe Avenl and the consolationwhich. wTas a sweet gras ui, jMiss Josiae Graddy, After therJL "nvP.r other guest came.3 pch, "'sandwiches, nt. and;kw 4 'iA. - r liva - ,thirty quests, aioaUyth'yoimi1 - -, 'iriiHkiiai itittuiiwiiyC7 . M-imi a a zs.-CI$eThat which you buy should be worth buying. e liseevery endeavor to keep a stock or theVory-Best Furniture,. ; -" "Wall Papers-R.UL!1It -hand will be much pleased to have YOU come and investigate. We handle nothing second hand. vE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky-Phdncs. 36'UndrtakiriS-1 Ambulance Wood Mantelsv 1-."VI 'MctSo'usrai KitcKuen Cabinets;m imnnniii f.Poster Bros. Safety Crlbv.-'"' -4 '-3 ' ,WfcvtTHE i BOURBON NEWS, ,. RARJ&f. KENTUCKY SEPTEMBER 8 1914fcy.1 i4ltl-?fl'0 S9E8Hsficv9iSI:Uneeda ,BiscuitTempt the appetite,"1please the taste andnourish .the body.Crispclean and fresh.5 cents.Baronet BiscuitRound, thin, tender-with a delightful flavorappropriate for luncheon, tea and dinner.xo cents.GrahamCrackersMade of the finestingredients. .Bakedto perfection. Thenational strengthfood, zo cents.-""Buy biscuit baked byHffl0NL BISCUITAlways look for that Name.GAME BIRDS PLENTIFULAND COVER WILL BE SCARCEQuail are reported ' much moreplentiful this ,year than for the lasttwo seasons, said J. Q. Ward, executive agent of the. State Game andPish Commission. A shortage of) cover, due to the prolonged drouth,he believes will make the sport exceptionally fine wflen the seasonopens the middle of November. Lastyear unseasonable floods washedaway the nests atbrooding time, andthe year before flood and cold weather got many of the birds. At ' thesame time market hunters wereslaughtering and shipping out of theState thousands of birds. By co-oepra-tionbetween the State and Federaldepartments that has been made toohazardous an occupation to be profitable and Kentucky is rapidly beingre-stocked.The streems, likewise, are beingreplenished with game. The droughthas helped the fish thrpugh thespawning season and been beneficalto the fries placed in Kentucky andother xivers by the Governmentfishery service. The fish spawn inthe small tributary streams. Freshets cause the spawn to be washed.away and the little fish torn fromthe protection of the mother to be.devoured by enemies or killed by thesediment held in suspension. Thelack of freshets has permitted thespawn to develope in shallow waterand protected the" fries cast in thesetributary streams.RINGLING DAY ALMOST HERE.EARLY WAR NEWS.GERMANS PUSH FORWARD.CEONDON, Sept. 4. Th ecorrespondent of the Times at Dieppe underThursday date indicates that theGermans, are less than, tjwenty-flvemiles from Paris. He says:,"All day yesterday the head of thewedge which now forms the Germanright was furiously forcing its wayto Parisr battering the rear of therecreating French through Creil,Lenlis'ahd Crepy-En-Valoia."The cannonading broke windowsin Chantilly, which is only seventeenmiles north of Paris."The Germans are also near Sois-sons."Children are now on their best behavior in anticipation of a real holiday treat on September 22, whenRingling Brothers' World's GreatestShows will exhibit in X.exington. Itis expected that this city will sendmore than its usual number of "sawdust fans" to welcome this popularcircus.Ringling Brothers .promise manynovelties and innovations and a "bigger and better everything" is the slogan. Preceding the regular circusperformance the new spectacle of"Solomon and the ueen of Sheba"will be enacted on the largest stagein the world. This mammoth 1,50character pageant cost $1,000,000 andthe costumes, scenery and stage properties are said to be a revelation ingorgeousness. Among the 385 arenicacts, are scores of equestarians including the Lloyds, famous Englishrders; the Borsinis, rolling globe artists; the Balkans, whirlwind ridersfrom the Balkan mountains; the fivehighest perch acts ever presented;boxing and wrestling kangaroos; fiveherds of trick elephants; 50 clowns,20 families of aerialists and a magnificent horse show and speed tournament. The menagerie is larger andmore complete than ever and featuresmany animals nevev before exhibitedin America. A free street parade willbe given on the morning of show day.GERMAN .LINES ADVANCE.LONDON, Sept. 4. The armies ofGermany, Austria, Russia, Franceand Great Britain are still at deathgrips in four colossal battles.,A few brief bulletins convey allthe important facts that the peoplesat Europe know about the war.The past twenty-four hours hasyielded no definite news of the progress of the battle in Northern France.The public is prepared . to learn thatthe German advance continued tothe outer lines of the defenses ofParis.There it is expected that the alliedarmies will make a stand on the linefrom Verdun on thu east to the seaand attempt with all their might tostay the. German avalanche.The British .public has turned hopeful eyes toward the east where thetriumphs of Russian arms in the Austrian province of Galicia have beenconfirmed. In addition to the battleof Lemberg, in which, the power ofsix Austrian army corps were destroyed, it is evident that there hasbeen a simultaneous victory at Tom-aszow, a town of some importance,thirty miles southeast of Lodd, inRussian Poland.JTHE VANISHED LOTTERY.When Father finds any of Mother'slair in his comb he wants to set fireto the house. But he will use aunangy comb in a public place and notthink anything- about it.DAY TRIP TO ST. "LOUIS;By leaving Paris on "Lv & N. trainat 7:50 a. m., direct connection ismade with B. & 6. S-W., fast trainleaving Cincinnati 12 o'clock, jioon,daily, arriving St. Louis at 8:15 p.m. This train carries modern steelcoaches, Observation Parlor car andDining Car and makes direct connection in St. Louis Union Station withall Western, Northwestern andSouthwestern lines., Other B. & O.S-W. fast trains for St. Louis leaveCincinnati daily 2:15 a. m, 9.00 a. m.and 9:15 p. m. Night trains havesteel coaches and electric lightedsteel sleeping cars. For further ininformation consult your local ticketagent.S. T. SEELY, T. P. A.,Traction Building, Cincinnati, O.(sept-8-15-22-29LUKE McLUKE SAYS:(Cincinnati Enquirer., Every woman believes that if shei dies before her husband he will digup some snippy young thing andmake her stepmother to the children. After a woman gets the middleaged spread she knows that the corset firms are making corsets smallerthan they used t'o, but she will neveradmit that she is any broader thanshe used to be.The old-fashioned girl who used tobe afraid that she would showthrough now has a daughter whowouldn't think of going out until sheis certain that you can read a newspaper through her skirt. ,Cheer up! The people you envyare busy 'enveying people higher up.We are all willing to grant thePreacher a shorter working day.ONLY TWENTY-FIVE MILESFROM PARIS.LONDON, Sept. 4. In a dispatchfrom Rouen, France, a correspondentof the Chronicle says he has learnedthat the F.rench authorities in Parisare considering the surrender of thecity to the Germans.This is in order to avoid the destruction of property from artilleryfire.This will only be done, the correspondent declares, in case the outerilne of the defenses of Paris arepassed by the invaders.British, French and Belgian wound-ea are Demg transferred Hum x-uristo other cities and the great exodusof the populace of the French capital to the south continues.The outer ring of forts surrounding Paris, of which St. Cyr is thehprincipal one, is ten miles from thecity. This fact reconciles the twodispatches received here, one thatthe German advance guard wasswithin thirty miles of Paris and theother that they were no -closer thanfnrtv milp.c: Annnrrlinsr t.o t.hfi bestWhen we went wooing ages since, information obtainable the Germanswe learned the lady's views concern-kvere within forty miles of the city8Worn Oul?No doubt you are, ifyou suffer from any of thenumerous ailments towhich an women are Subject. Headache, backache, sideache, nervousness, weak, tired feeling.are some of the symptoms, and you must ridyourself of uiem in orderto feel well. Thousandsof women, who havebeen benefited by thisremedy, urge you toTAKEand thirty miles from the nearestincr churches, dances, honks, nr ev-I -J J J -J - w-.niii'O'Qfar? nmtTO mra 4-Viti11i1 4-r Vrr-r I -prneuu "", "5 '""" - "CO! t0rtner talk or tile topics or the day, likeDicken's new novelette or Browning's ENGLAND CALLS ALL FIGHTINGsweetest play. 'Twas joy enough i MEN.lor us to see tne aamsei or. ourchoice. It didn't matter whatACANCER CURED 'I guarantee every case I un-dertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris.X DR- WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics is4 fA soluble Antiseptic Powder to' dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no qual.Por ten years the Lydia E. Pinldiamfedicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence with"women, which proves its superiority.'Women who have heen cured saydt is "worth its weight in gold." Atniggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.?ge Paxton. ToiIet Co- Boston, Mass.yhix m zxlsh ithe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesvJNothinP "lC tnnni (mnnW..i 1 Athome i than clear, .steady light. Insuretbfe by petting the oil that burnsclear ana olpun vithmit :idown to the last drop. PennsylvaniacmdeoH refined to perfection.i,2rlno re than the Jnferioiu-n8on n-wes MONEY-saveswork. mi ro evp.JtI HHrthM' S0LTIE OIL inhurras direct from our works.Ghas. C. Stoll Oil Co.said we liked to hear her voice.We took her inner views of faith.we wooed and won and wed. beforewe had the vaguest glimpse of whatwas in her head.It's different now these moderngirls discuss with pith and zest thethings their grandmas didn't know orkept inside th$ chest. The freshyoung .voices prate of sin, the social(evil, vice, and divers other vitalthings which weren't orm-zifiavort"nice." The swain who woos in daylike these no doubt can plague or vexhe knows his darling's inmostthought on ev'ry phase of sex!Our ancient charmers bless theirhearts did so devise their dress thatof the things they wore beneath nomanly mind might guess. They showed us hooped and flouncy frocks, butall that these revealed not even hinted of the fascinations they concealed. We had to marry ere we knewwhat ladies really wore at least norighteous male dared own he'd foundit out before!But nowadays the modest maidrejoices to display her raiment's inner mysteries adown the broad highway! Serene, unblushing, calm andcool, to passersby she shows the ribbons of her brassiere, the texture ofher hose. Chemise and slip andkinckers, too, the modern fashionbares none save a blind man nowneed wed unknowing what shewears !We paid our court to maids whoseforms ecaped our avid gaze; whocheated nature's lines and curves indivers cunning ways. If they worefreckles on their arms as damselsoften did those sweet defects, likedearer charms, remained securelyhid. They showed their faces, baredtheir hands, revealed a furaive shoe,but bow-legged, knock-kneed, stout orslims:? we wed 'em ere we knew!Their young supplanters scorn toveil a single curve or line till men(including artists) know what makes"the form divine!" No modern lover raves about his ladys lips or eyeswhy should he? He's a connoisseur of ankles, luiees and thighs!The mysteries we wed to pierce aresolved at tea or danceHooray! A man can marry nowand never take a chance!T.nMTinNT Spnr AVhPi pnrrAnnn.Slie ri.illl Unll Dunminn AonnUli (n .Imruuiiu, Jiuu, iiciuict xioiiuiiu cu-uujrstarted the crusade to stimulate enlistments under the British flag,which he intends to push throughoutthe country. He is calling upon every able-bodied Briton of militaryage to come to the help of his country in the hour of need.pITY'S NAME CHANGED.LONDON, Sept. 4. A dispatch tothe Reuter Telegram Company fromSt. Petersburg says that by imperialorder the city of -St. Petersburg, capital of the Russian Empire since 1712,will henceforth be known as Petrograd. This change eliminates the Teuton construction in the name bywhich the chief city of Russia hasbeen known since it was founded byPeter the Great in 1703.P3 CarduiriThe Woman's TonicMrs. Sylvania Woods,of Clifton Mills, Ky., says:"Before taking Cardui,I was, at times, so weak Icould hardly walk, andthe pain in my back andhead nearly killed me.'After taking three bottlesof Cardui, the pains" disappeared. Now I feel aswell as I ever did. Everysuffering woman shouldtry Cardui." Get a bottletoday. E-68PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.RUSSIANS CAPTURE LEMBERG.LONDON, Sept. 4. A Petrograd(St. Petersburg) special to the Reuter Telegram Company says the commander-in-chiefhas notified the Emperor that the Russians have occupied Lemberg. 'The Petrograd (St. Petersburg)correspondent of the Times in a report on the operations around Lemberg, says:"The forts o'f Lemberg' have fallenand other Austrian armies have beenengaged in northern Galica near Lublin. We may yet have" to chroniclethe complete disruption of the DualMonarchy's forces.The operations extended over anenormous front of 200 miles andprobably a million and a half wereengaged."FREAKS IN NAME.LVe. Court House.7:10 a m7.45 a m8.15 am8.45 a m9.15 a m9.45 a m10.15 a m10.45 a m11.15 a m11.45 a m12:05 p m12.45 p m1.15 p m1.45 p mu 2.15 p m2.45 p m3.15 p m3.45 p m4.15 p m5.15 p m5.40 p mG.05 p m6.30 p mCity Limits Only.Lve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30ta m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p mfa.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m6.40 p m, LexingtM, Ky.- itenncrj at Warron, Pa,"J tbcclobwtd'NoCab,, IA Auto OftPO-DQ-LAX BANISHES PIMPLES.Bad Blood, Pimples, Headaches,Biliousness, Torpid Liver, Constipation, etc., come from Indigestion.Take Po-Do-Lax, the pleasant and absolutely sure Laxative, and you won't. ouu-cl uuju u. ueiitugeu aiomacn or, other troubles. 'It will tone up the.Liver, and purify the blood. Use itregularly and you will stay well,have clear complexion and steadyliorves. uer, a buc bottle tn-flnvfpney back At ,not satisfied. AllOne of our contemporaries downthe State inveighs against "thesenseless silliness of sticking on afinal 'e' tg names where it doesn'tbelong." Some people do a lot of funny things with their names and"senseless silliness" is very appropriate in some instancess. This isvery appropriate in some instances.This is an era simplified spelling,but the orthography or proper namesgets no better fast. Ever sinceMolly and Polly and Sally began adding a final "e" to their lovely givennames it has been going from bad toworse. When Mamie was transformed to Mayme It looked as if the limithad' been readied, but we stronglysuspect that some of the male boneheads in this country will some daybe calling themselves Jym and Byllinstead of the familiar Jim and Billof their boyhood days.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Jnterurban Schedule..Leave Lexington Leave ParitFor Paris (6.00 a m7:20 a m.OO a m8:50 a m1 10:20 a m .11:50 a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m -7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p mDaily except Sundayfor Lexington6:45 a mv 7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m' 11:15 am12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p mx 5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m10:05 p mThe burlesque houses might aswell stay closed until cold weathercomes along. Who wants to, look attights when he caa see near Sept7 A.M.'s- on the -street? ,EGRASSBathing and Boating.Free- DANCING -Freet F -' i - -Egfbfk rif not satisfied. AiiLAnywayAdamnev,er'hadlogetufi Afternoon and Evening. VCDruggists. , -V;c4outof ond empty ttfepan undar iji.c l "M -Adit. ". cVA Udv-sept-lthMc bo Si. 1VmMjwmmmmmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!rmFisTRE d9B R0OfflS OFTHErBHRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.,viVLet us figure -with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and' modernfaces.Cbe Bourbon news,. 104 Issues a Year for;$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.,u.CKY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1914-74rt1HE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,n "3?yw'-a5Ir1$f9f$t.t,$tf)J,mftftmm!eiiiinHM mVi i 1 1 1 1 1 iimin 1 1 1 ihumi in "The Higgin Mannf actiiFing do:Window and Door Equipments.T. A. HENDRICKS, Sales Agent,Lexington, Ky.ARE- YOURKIDNEYSWELL?v2The Higgin Ail-Metal Weather Strips for Windows and Doorsare a real economy because they reduce the fuel bill, keep outthe dust, ssto and rain.They stop absolutely the air currents coming around the sashand make the room more comfortable... They are durable 'and apermanent addition to the window.Estimates wi'il be cheerfully furnished without charge and without obligation to buy.Better let up Strip your house and make it more comfortablenext winter and at the sam time cut down that fuel bill.We have furnished screens for hundreds of Satisfied Bourbonfamilies. We refer you to the following families in Paris, whohave used our AW-Metal Weather Strips and are pleased: Woodford Spears, W. W. Mitchell, W. R. Blakemore, A. J. Winters,Thos McDonald, Geo. W. Witter, Ed. Tucker, R. C. Talbott andtoo numerous to mention.tT. A. HENDRICKSSALES AGENT,264 RAN AVENUE,LEXINGTON, KY.Teleph one, 2585.tAgMXX,I'yvy,I',I,,I',IMI,,I,,I'VtiManyParis Peopttt KnoWithe Impor, tance of Healthy kidneys.The kidneys filter the blood.They work day and night.Well kidneys remove impurities.Weak kidneys allow impurities tomultiply.No kidney ill should be neglected.There is possible danger in delay.If you have backache or urinarytroubles.If you are nervous, dizzy or wornout, sBegin treating your kidneys atonce;Use a proven kidney remedy.None endorsed like Doan's KidneyPills.Recommended by thousands.Proved by" Winchester testimony.A. G. McCauley, 134 S. Maple St.,Winchester, Ky., says: "I had painstrrough my kidneys and the kidneysecretions were scanty and painful inpassage. On the recommendation ofa friend, I got a box of Doan's KidneyPills and the results of their use convinces me of their merit. I nowgladly confirm what I said aboutthem before."The above is not an isolated case.Mr. McCauley is only one of many inthat vicinity who have gratefully endorsed Doan's. If your back achesif your kidneys bother you, don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyask distinctly for Doan's Kidney Pillsthe same that Mr. McCaauley had.50c all stores. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y.. 1 -M..-VNEW PQPJT ELECTEDWALTER MARTINERNEST MARTINI NEW LIVERY STABLE!New Carriages, Buggies,Etc. Special AttentionWeddings, Funerals,Dances, Etc.RunaboutsGiven toParties,Horses Boarded By Day, Week or Month!Hauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Transfer Busi-Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and' the Main Streetplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS?Stables Eigth St., Main St.t?-i Both PhonesA SUMMER OF SHOWERSThere has been no general precipitation since early in May or April.The showers that have fallen thissummer in Kentucky" have beenheavy rains, in some places, in pointof the amount of water per squareinch. But they have not been general rains, and while one section ofa county, or one county, has enjoyeda relief from the drouth, the adjoining section has remained dry.What has been needed and is stillneeded, is a general rain of severaldays duration. The deepest springsare showing the effects of a longcontinued absence of adequate watersupply. Farms which have an abundance of good stock water andgreen pools in the rock long unfedby surface water or springs are notgood stock water are very muchthe exception to the rule.Next winter will be a hard one upon owners of stock. Feed will behigh and many farms that are abundantly productive in ordinary seasons will be short of grain feed, hayand "roughage." In many places oatswas so short it had to be cut with amower because it could not be boundby a binder, and where there wasmore or less grain there was verylittle straw. Corn has been cut shortin many counties, and the farmerwho has plenty of wheat with whichto feed his hogs is in luck this year.There is little compensation forfarmers in the fact that live stockprices are high enough to make itprofitable to sell "stocker" cattle andstock hogs in market. This yearemphasizes the value of dairying,poultry raising and fruit growing asoffsets of crop shortage in shortyears. Of course dairy cattle andpoultry must be fed, but they return a constant profit.Big'-.jC2Mi,,J' 4,44,,5M14,&MJ,5,i4,4M?,'3Cake WalkDIARRHOEA QUICKLY CUREDAt TheA.2A-$3Colored Fall FestivalFriday, Sept. 18, 1914,2:30 P. M.Sp cial R servation Made For TheWhite People.Couples From AH Parfe of the country will compete for the prize of $25.00, divided $15.00, $7.00and $3.00.Admission, 25 Cents.STEVE MOO RE,Secretary.JAS. MACON,President.15 '3"My attention was first called toChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and .Diarrhoea Remedy as much as twelveyears ago. At that time I was seriously ill with summer complaint.One dose of this remedy checked thetrouble," writes Mrs. C. W. Florence,Rockfield, Ind. For sale by all dealers.fadv-sept.)ROME, Sent. 4. The Snrrf r&lege 01 uardmals, on September,elected Cardinal Giarcomo DelWphiesa, Archbishop ,o Bologna, Supreme Pontiff, to-succeed the latePope Pius X. JHis coronation as Benedict XV. will take place September6th.On the election of Cardinal DeliaChiesa, Monsignor Poggiani, Secretary of the Conclave, with the masterof ceremonies, the Cardinals andother high church dignitaries bowedbefore the chair where CardinalDelia Chiesa was seated.He asked if the Cardinal would accept, the pontificate, and upon anaffirmative reply all the cdnopiesabove the Cardinals' thron.es werelowered, excepting that of Cardinal'Delia Chiesa. In answer to thequestion of the dean of the Cardi-nals, the new Pope said he desired totakethe name of Benedict XV. sMonsignor Poggiani, assisted bythe other officials, recorded the actof election and the . acceptance,- andthe members of the conclave thenentered the Sistine Chapel with thePope. The pontiff was clothed in aflowing white robe, red slippers andhigh stock with a broad red cravat,Cardinal Delia Volpe placed on hisshoulders a red stole, embroideredwith gold. The Pope then mountedthe throne to receive the homage ofthe Cardinals.The Cardinals first kissed the feetand then the hands of the Pontiff,who administered the accolade andpronounced the benediction. Cardinal Delia Volpe placed upon thePontiff's finger the fisherman's ring,which the Pope returned to Monsignor Damico, to have engraved withhis name.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)There never was a woman who wasso ugly, that she didn't imagine thatnearly all the men had designs oiiher.No man ever lost any votes by going around and telling other peoplewhat a fine fellow you are.The man who can Drink Or Let ItAlone is usually the lad the bartenderhas to lead to the door at midnight.When a girl wants to marry a manbecause he is a graceful Tangoer, shenever stops to think that he won't beable to sidestep the' grocery bills.You always respect the Intelligence,of the man who hates the same manyou hate.Some men loon the loop in aeroplanes and the other men take cornfed girls out for a canoe ride.There never was a man whose Conscience was so clear that he didn'tdo some worrying when his wife tellshim that he talked in his sleep allnight.An Important Engagement canwait while the other fellows aretreating. But we have to attend to itimmediately when it comes around toour turn to purchase.The Wooden Wedding comes alongabout the time a woman realizes thatshe married a blockhead.v- VfSiSSSsSSSSESES "jfiM. Drink this W&jj: Ssl ?TJffe- ' .s "- 'v . JSip by sip here's pure KL . Ienjoyment cool com- m "fort a satisfied thirst 1 . Ia contented palate. 'L Demand the genuine by full name m fj Klcknames encourage substitution. K 4 " t 9THE COCA-COLA COMPANY jf " " 1Whenever ATLANTA, GA. Tyou see an fcw 2-f 0i Arrow think fcof Coca-Cola. KtKf. . ML. 5cACUTE INDIGESTION.It is mighty funny how the demandfor divorces keeps up. There was atime when a man could get fooledbecause he couldn't seen what he was jgeting. But nowadays he ought to beable to believe his own eyes."I was annoyed for over a year byattacks of acute indigestion, followedby constipation," writes Mrs. M. J,Gallagher, Geneva, N. Y.V"I tried everything that was recommended tome for this complaint but nothing didme much good until about four'months ago I saw Chamberlain's Tablets advertised "and procured a bottleof them from our drpggist. I soonrealized that I had gotten the rightthing for they helped me at once.Since taking two bottles of them Ican eat heartily without any badeffects." Sold by all dealeis.(adv-sept.)n. time-table:EFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trains ArriveNo.341342971040373123326259138385398.5:21.5:18FROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily ,Lexington, Ky., Daily -....Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y ." .7:33;Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:38auwiciuu, xvy., uauy jus.wyi ounuay 7:45 MO.Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:42Cincinnati, O., Daily . 9:38 aMaysviile, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10:20 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10:15 amCincinnati, O., Daily .-. 10:24 anLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 12:00 mCynthiana, Ky Daily Except Sunday 3:10 patMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:15 pmLexington, Ky., Daily , : 3:33 psaKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:30 paiMaysville, Ky., Daily ... 5:35pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6:18 Dm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:23 pa31 Cincinnati, O., Daily t 10:50 pmJJJ,Jvi,"I"J"J,,,M2,"5"sM5,,J""2CHAMP CLARK ON ILLITERACY.Speaker Champ Clark, who wasonce a school teacher in AndersonCounty, Kentucky, writes the Kentucky Illiteracy Commission of hisexperiences in teaching adult illiterates in his day school in Andersoncounty. He taught middle-aged menwho had returned from the army andother adults. Speaker Clark is oneKentucky's distinguished native sonsand is watching the illiteracy campaign with great interest. He sendsto Kentucky teachers enlisted in thiscampaign a message of hearty sympathy and good cheer.$100 REWARDl00.SILOBARNSAREBEING BUILT BYALL MODERNFARMERS.fr.fr gMfifripiH,,I'rfl'lfl"I"M'fl',M'lI'Professional CardsJ. S. Wallingford, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,ones 31 PARIS, KY.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Oaee Phones) LmE. T. 334.Home 334.HesidenceDR. A. U BLBLIiEB,Practicing Physician,mceB, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's BldgParis --- - KentuckyT J. WELIilAMS,d , ATTORNEY-AT-LAJ7Aoom 1 Elki BnikUigCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite Attention,Hot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage SolicitedThe readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cureis the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeing a constitutional disease, requires a constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly uDon the blood andmucous- surfaces of the system,thereby destroying the foundation ofthe disease, and giving the patientstrength by building up the constitution and assisting nature in doing itswork. The proprietors have so muchfath in its curative powers that they'offer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.Sold by all Druggists. 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.(adv-sept.)WE INSURETHEM...We Make a Specially off Country Property5fr. Trains IDeioartNo. TO34 Cincinnati, O., Daily 5:28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:35 sun7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7: 50 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9:43 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9:45 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10:29 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily .". 10:27 am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily 4 12:05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. . . . 12:04 aza13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:33 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily .' 3:40 pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5: 56 pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6:28 pm. 8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6: 25 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:40 pm31 Lexington. Ky., Daily . 10:55 pm.131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:57pmNo.24No.13. Trains ArriveFROMFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:40 anFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 psTrains IDerartTOFrankkfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 8:30 auuFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday , 6:25 p 'WE ISLRE AGAINSTFIRETORNADOLIGHTNINGIn Strong,ReliabIe,PromptATTENTION,A''FOR SALE.One 3-horse-power gas, or gasoline0 ine. 'Will leu cuep. Appij wCHAMBERLAIN'S LINIMENT.If you are ever troubled with achespains or soreness of the muscles, youwill appreciate the -rood qualities ofChamherlajn'S' Liniment Many sufferers from rheumatism and sciaticahave used it with the best results.It is especially valuable for lumbagoand lame back. For sale by all dealers. . S 'Paying Companies.W.0.HINTONson;THE NEW FIRM.Dp You Know We HandleIthe CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.SPIGER&6ILGHRISTfELKS' BUILDING.E. TV Phone 103Home Phone101iCanal BiosBarber Shop.Prompt and Courteoustendon to All PatnSOI AND COLD BAIEtlew Barber SIiobCorner Fourth aid laiiModern Equipment.Polite Sendee.Every thidg Sanitary. j.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWF2rlm js'9AHBNRY GROSCHE.T5. - (adv-sept.)H IjHH 1 1 ItM 1 1 1 iv&&' tV,K13Kar . - . - , a s. Tr " . ' ."fcj --- - - i jt - -.-sir9sUiC !1,I.;lISiIE:SIB" "yr A.H.foOODS MtSeNTSTHE INTERN AT 10 NftLLAUWC SUCCKSliPARISRRAND.TL..mJa. 2feSSMtfti 1 lllll llIWSmW iiiHivtmijffA . iA 1sepi.iu.Reserved Seats on sale atBox Office of Alamo Theatre, Jbeginning Monday, September7. at 9 a. m. Secure vour( seats in advance. 2Scale of Prices :ETriATEHTiopA'iTNtRSHWAORoDCEAcwNSTTritHifMAHwI'l Lower floor DressGircle, ZAN up TO -date GARMENT i en, parmiPt M nn ZIN THREE PIECES FROM MATERIA!: I,,0U, rar4UeT Ol.UU,mSjBr Balcony first two rows,EVENING POST $i.oo5 second two :by Montague Glass TOWS, 75c. tDIRECT FfcOM ITS SECOND YEAR Gallery first three'rows, 5ATTttECoHANTttEftTRE'.flewYo&Ki! 35C. balance, 25c,polmm mm XmV Mm MKP Mm S Nwmmf ! I U 1 i CJI It I -i If A l 'tiL JailH FUND BENEFICHARIES.tSC4ttafeeas $READY FOR THE FALL IWITHThat Are a Pride to the Owner. ,Feld's Shoe Store has long been known for honesty and square dealing. Every pair of Shoes wesell are right or we make them right.THE PRICE IS RIGHTAND THE STYLE AND COMFORT, ALSO.- We are the only Shoe Store that can -fit .youperfectly and to your entire satisfaction. Try usthis Fall and be convinced.::Feld's Shoe Store.w ! memmi - rChairman John T. Collins and, Hon.Uiauue ji. ixioiuas, uuiiuiaaiouerathe Garth Fund, presented ttieir retport to the. Fiscal Court at its meeting, last Thursday, recommending thecontinuance (rf the following youngmen as beneficiaries of the fund, together with the amount to be received by each, and where they are toattend school:OLD BENEFICIARIES.Edward Brophy, Paris High School,$60.William Boardman, TransylvaniaUniversity, $75. xWayne Cottmgham, State University, $75.Charles Dickerson, State University, $100. .Finnell Estes, Paris High School,$25.Clyde Forman, K. C. & B. College,$60. yElr Friedman, University of Cincinnati, $150.Emerson. Galloway, State University, $150. tClarence Harney, State University,$75. .William T. Henry, TransylvaniaUniversity, $75.William Lenihan, State University,$100.Thomas Letton, Paris High School,$65.Joseph Letcher, State University,$100.John T. Redmon, Paris HighSchool, $35.W. K. Thomas, State University,$115.Baldwin Woods, St. Joseph's College, $60.Ed. Woods, Paris High School, $50.Stuart Wallingford, Paris HighSchool, $40.The Commissioners especially recommended the work accomplishedduring the past school year by EliFriedman, Emerson Galloway, WayneCottmgham, Charles Dickerson,Weaver Neal and Clarence Harney.The Commissioners also recommended to the Court the applicationsof the following young men, together with the amount received byeach, and the school to be attended:The work accomplished during thepast year by Eli Freidman, EmersonGalloway, Wayne Cottmgham, Chas.Dickerson, Weaver Neal and Clarence Harney was especially recommended. ,The applications of the followingyoung men, together with the amounteach is to receive, and the school heis to attend were recommended to theCourt by the Commissioners.NEW BENEFICIARIES:Martin Douglas, Paris High School,$25.Russell Evans, Asbury College, $60.Cornelius James, Mrs. Sutherland'sSchool $40.Otis Johnson, K. C. & B. College,$40.Landon Templin Paris HighSchool, $25.Marion Thomas, K. C. & B. College,$60.Dora Wagoner, Paris High School,$40.l, , "'ffH- 0BIRTHSBom To the wife of Mr.RobertGrinnan, on Aug. 30th, a daughterRebecca Russell.9 Tiv 3 mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmBB0Q9Q99QmG6V fc-'1 AW - yk m , mLX - mmW I . I mW IbHI ' iEARLY MORNING FIREDAMAGES RUSSELL HOMEFire supposedly originating froma defective flue early Friday morncalled the fire department tothe home of Mr. James Russell, onMt. Airy. Avenue. The departmentmade a quick run and succeeded inextinguishing the flames with butsilght property loss.The department was called outabout n midnight Thursday in answerto an alarm from Box 22, to the corner of Hanson street and LillestonAvenue. The alarm proved to havebeen a false one.CARD OF THANKS.I wish to thank my neighbors andthe fire department for their valu-ble service rendered Thursday nightwhen my home was damaged by fire.- J. M. RUSSELL.FOR RENT.Modern cottage with four roomsand bath. Possessibn given, Septemoer 15th. For further information,call at the News office.FALL STYLES.Manhattan and Wilson Bros.' newfall shirts Dust in, at4-tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S.:ThingsFor School!We have everything inschool supplies.When the children needanything in the way ofsupplies, send them to us.We have aK kinds of schoolstationery and if there is' anything we are "anythingwe are out of, we are willing to order if for youpromptly. Our stock oftablets, pns, pencils, slates,cc'.'ors, pencil boxes, rulers, erasers, book satchels,school cases and bookstraps can not be beat, andour prices are the lowest.A little monec goes a longway at our store in buyingschool stuff... A penny hasa wond&rfu'l 'purchasing' power. Take a 'Jook at ourwindow for school goods ofthe latest kinds.Peoples PharmacyPARIS, KY.Doyle Building Sth and Main."Watch Our Windows."4444$0000mmmmmmmmmmmxm4MPELLMAKEFall Goods Arriving Daily and Crowding Us For Room! The Balance ofOur Summer Shoes Must Go! Not a PaireThe Final Cut ofOrjrrSLlO!Ladies' ColoniarPumps, French heel,3.00 values at....!... :..$1.49Ladies' Canvas Colonial Pumps, Frenchheel, $3.00 values at " 13 .49Ladie' Canvas Baby Doll Pumps, bestgrades at. $i .4-9 and .99Ladies' Suede. Pumps, $3.00 -and S2.00valuer at 1 o4-Sv.Ladies' Kid and Gun Metal Oxfords,200 pairs, $2. CO values at. .'Ladies' High Shoes at Similarly Cut Prices.Men's Tan and Black Rubber Sole Ox- Jfords, $4.50 values at $2.99" Men's Tan Rubber Sole Shoes, $400 val-ues at 3.49'Men's Walk-Over Oxfords, broken sizes, ,$4.50 values at 2.99. ,i 4 fMen's Tan Vici Oxfords, $4.00 values tK at $2.99 and 2.49w Men's Shoes and Oxfords, $3.00 values; at 1Men's High Shoes at Similarly Cut Prices.ANDDRY GOODSATAGreat SacrificeIn order to make room for animmense Fall Stock just purchasedwe offer ailr 8L,ow Cut ShoesAt Half Price.You have two months yet. for wearing low cut shoes, and why not buythem for next summer's use? Surelya fine investment.Alllawns and HeavierDry Goodssuitable for fall and winter use at onehalf and two-thirds of former retailprices. Come at once and set yoursize and pick.99mmmmBigger Bargains Than Ever in Groceries, China, Glass and GraniteWare atTtie Busy Bee Gasn StoieFEE'S OLD STANDggOaBE0(MAIN STREETREFRIGERATORS REDUCED.Read these prices Refrigerator,$35.00 kind, now ?25.00, while theylast. The New Iceberg and theOdorless.(7-tf) A. P. WHEELER & CO.SELLS FARM.EXPERT BARBER.Buck Freeman, the barber, opposite the court house, has secured anew barber from Cincinnati, and isbetter prepared than ever to giveprompt and careful attention to bothold and new customers.SCHOOL OPENS MONDAY.Mr. T. C. Asbury, of Nicholascounty sold his 116 acre farm, located near Bartervillp. tn Ai ThneOrnie, of Bourbon county, at a pri-; The biggest stock of boys' schoolvate price. Possession will be given suits and shoes, at ,March 1, 1915. 0 1 4-tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S."PRUDENT mS e""MONEY IN THE RANK AND LETS fTSTAYA Big Stock of School Shoes. -'-'For Boys, Girls and Children, of 'fcSne most serviceable, stylish srsd dependablejuality, at the lowest prices.iflfi M11&J ,THERE UNTRUE 'FINDS A SAFE INVESHmT.Many fortunes are LOST and many lives WREGKEDevery year by UNSAFE, -unwise investments. No manshould risk LOSING the savings of a lifetime, without consulting his banker. The best place to. invest is -right here athome where you can WATGH your investment and when! investing here even "look before you leap."We shall cheerfully and free of charge, give you otropinion an any investment you figure on making. Maybe wecan save you a LOSS.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings. "flkHI r?2' &scr$150,000.00m a a r' fl!--n i i& m aw apir, mem m nuiBHd? js &Bi0ti&ithri& gmuJ I I3J !L .jrL J9 l H. fel ' W. ' I CAPITAL; . Greatest Shoe Store 51 Protectt - ' : J I S. E. BEDFORD, President. " .' 'v m'li7IVSURPLUS 2MKfc.OOSTOCIiHOLDERS' LIA6ILITY. ... 1 50,000.00ion to Depositors . . .-.?; i . . . . . $350,000:- - ,C. K. THOMAS, Ca$hirJtrnWrr