pv;1 igt1 MEPf f& ' WM' jiipyyyy ' vffpiffiv g,ji 'yyij jftsrzzjg3mzIwB,'vW'il id,"' -CTfc"" ', 5.,-' TT "J. -. t' L .i srvv!.--" "'i,!".w. vv . - - -tr .' - r2K ' .'"- VV- s-s:THENEWS- 'foPUBLISHED EVFET TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, JUESDAY, AUGUST 18 1914.' -. . -f " - .BOURBON110 PHASE 'OF BUTTLEETurkey Starts to InvadejGreece; Latter PreparesFor Wai.ROAR OF BATTLEALONG BORDERS.Brief Bulletins Tell of LatestWar News in Europe.ROME August 15. Italy and Austria are near a serious rupture of relations following Italy's refusal topermit four Austrian army corps tocross Italian territory to re-inforcethe German Army in Alsace. Austria's demand was based upon its interpretation of the existing treaty.The Italian Foreign Office refused,and declared that Italy intended topreserve her neutrality at all hax-ards.COPENHAGEN, (via London,) Aug.16. According to a special messagefrom Berlin 23 Bussian Generals andAdmirals, including the former Commander-in-Chiefof the Black Seafleet, have been interned by the German authorities.WASHINGTON, Aug. 15. TheUnited States Government announced itself to-day as opposed to thefloating of loans in this country for,the benefit of any of the belligerentpowers of Europe.Switzerland, a neutral country, inquired through her charge d'affairsif she might float a loan in tne UnitedStates, and was informed that theresLneuuiis wumu uui ayyij lu neutral countries.J. ?. Morgan & Co. was approached by a group of private bankers whowished to know if a loan even shouldbe desired by the French Government whether it could be floated inthe United States. The Morgan firmannounced that regardless of its legal light to engage in private commercial transactions at its own risk,it would take no action which theState Department might disapprove.Inquiry was made of SecretaryBryan several days ago by the bankers as to what the attitude of theAmerican Government would be. Today the Swiss charge d'affairs alsopresented an inquiry.LONDON, Aug. 15. A Malta dispatch to the Reuter Telegraph Company says the German crujsers Goeben and Breslau were pursued byBritish warships until they actuallyentered the Dardanelles.BROTHER SHOOTS BROTHERNelson Gay; a fourteen-year-old colored boy, was shot and instantlykilled Saturday afternoon, on thefarm of Mr. E. K. Thomas, nearNorth Middletown, by his brother, JoeGay, aged thirteen. The killing waspurely accidental.The boys, whose parents are tenants on the Thomas farm, had secured a shot gun belonging to their father, Gene Gay, and were out in thefront yard of their home shootingbullbats. The older Gay had just reloaded the gun with two shells, andwas in the act of raising it to .hisshoulder when it was accidentallydischarged, the entire load taking effect in the head and right side of theyounger brother, who fell to theground and expired almost instantly.Coroner Rudolph Davis, of Paris, wasimmediately notified, and accompanied by Deputy Sheriff Gibson, went tothe scene. The boys' parents wereeye-vitnesses to the shooting, whichwas purely accidental, and theCoroner, after hearing their testimony, decided no jury investigation ofthe case was necessary, and madehis report in accordance with thefacts.CAUGHT IN STEEL TRAP,THIEF MANAGES TO ESCAPEFor some time Mr. James Batterton, who conducts the ice creamworks, near the old Midland depot, onSouth Main street, has been missingquantities of cream, which disappeared from other causes than leakage.At one time the thief or thieves, gotaway with ice cream, freezer and all.At times freezers left in the wagonsunder the wagon shed with a quantity of cream disappeared almost before the driver reportetd to the office.Last Thursday night Mr. Battertonsecured two steel traps and set themjust under the surface of a partly filled freezer which had been purposelyleft in the shed. About half an hourafterward the air was filled withscreams of agony, and Mr. Batterton,securing a revolver, hurridly madehis way to the wagon shed, but thethief had managed to release himselfand escaped, leaving no clue. Mr.Batterton sat up for an hour or twoawaiting for the thief to return andget the other trap, but without result. In the meantime the police aresearching for a man or boy with amaimed hand, and Mr. Batterton hasnot lost any more ice cream. He hastraps ready for active service again,if needed.WAR AFFECTS PARIS MARKETS.Although very remote from thescene of the European conflict, Paris(Ky.) is feeling in some degree thestringency in the money market andtne increased cost of foodstuffs,which is causing a general protest allover the United States. jThere is a general outcry against .the increase in the prices of certaincommodities, for which there seemsto be no reasonable excuse. Retailershave to protect themselves , it is admitted, but it is against the largewholesale companies who have nutup the prices that there is so muchfeeling.Hogs are said to be cheaper thanthey were several weeks ago, andyet frash pork is selling at 23 centsa pound, which is an advance of 2cents, and the wholesale price has advanced even more.Beef, veal and lamb remains thesame, from 15 to 18 to 20 and 25cents for choice cuts. Lard is stillretailing at 15 cents.Flour has advanced 60 cents on thehundred pounds. A month a ago itwas selling cheaper than had beenknown for a long time, but now itcosts consumers $1.70 for fiftypounds, notwithstanding the fact thatthere is more wheat in the countrythan for years, and local dealers arepaying only 75 cents a bushel for it.Sugar is another necessity that israpidly advancing in price, selling at9 cents a pound, 11 pounds for $1,and $7.75 a hundred.Fresh vegetables are selling atfairly reasonable prices corn at 15and 20 cents a dozen, potatoes at 40cents a peck and tomatoes at $1.50per bushel.F,"WBKNOW HOW"-VA CASE FOR THE CIVIC LEAGUE.The old Baptist church property,which was purchased some years agoby the firm of Kress & Co., who announced that they would immediatelyerect a fine business house on thesite, has since that time become anything but a thing of beauty. The lotis full of rubbish, in full view ofMain street, and has bee'n in that condition so long that it has become aneye-sore. The attention of the HealthOfficer and Civic League is called tothe fact that the lot referred to isovergrown with rank weeds and othervegetation affording a convenient hiding place for refuse of all kinds, andcontributing to make the place aboutas unsightly as a Coneylsland beachafter a storm. The site of the contemplated Y. M. C. A. building is alsofalling into disrepute and keeping badcompany with the weeds. Rememberwe had a cleaning-up day somemonths ago! Rather spasmotic, butdid some good. Let's have anotherone!BERLIN, Aug. 15. The necessityfor Americans returning to the United States seem to be less urgent 'now.A special train which left the capitalyesterday bound for Holland was notfilled to its capactiy with tourists,but at the same time many wished toreturn as soon as the opportunityoffers. Germans everywhere arevery hopeful.LONDON, Aug. 15. The Brusselscorrespondent of the Star says aBelgin officer who escaped from Liegebrought details of the -death of Gen.Von Emmich. The officer declaredthat Von Emmich committed suicide.The correspondent said that Von Emmich's confidence in the Germanarmy and his style of fighting wasshattered by the events around Liege.LONDON, Aug. 15. The CentralNews correspondent at Brussels whohas returned from the front estimatesthat the German losses in killedthroughout the fighting against theBelgians so far amounts to fifteenthousand.WASHINGTON, Aug. 17. President Wilson declared to-day he hadno reason to question the good faithof the declaration of Japan in promising to observe the integrity ofChina in connection with the Japanese ultimatum to Germany demanding the surrender of Klau Chau tothe Japanese Government. The. President would not discuss the ultimatum, saying that one of the duties ofneutrality was to have no opinion ofwhat other nations were doing.LONDON, Aug. 17, (AssociatedPress Cable.) Official dispatches sayGreece has received information thatthe Turkish troops are crossing Bulgarian territory and marching in thedirection of Greece. The HellenicGovernment, in consequence of thesereports, has notified Turkey that ifthis news should be confirmed, corresponding military and nival measures will "be taken immediately byGreece. .BUY NOW.POPULAR BALL PLAYER MARRIED.BOURBON WOMEN ORGANIXELOCAL OPTION LEAGUEA large and enthusiastic audienceof Bourbon county women met in thecounty court room in the BourbonCounty Court House, Thursday, andperfected an organization called theBourbon County Women's Local Option League.The following officers were electedto serve in their several official capacities during the life of theLeague:Miss Mayme Spears, president;Mrs. C. O. Hinton, secretary; Mrs. M.H. Dailey,xtreasurer; and eight vicepresidents, one from each of the largeprecincts in the county: Mrs. J. T.Vansant, Paris; Mrs. Ed. Taylor, Millersburg; Mrs. John T. Collins, NorthMiddletown; Mrs. L. A. Soper, LittleRock; Mrs. R. C. Talbott, Glintonville; Mrs. J. J. Dickey, Hutchison;Mrs. J. W. Ferguson, of Shawhan,Ruddles Mills; Centerville to be suppied. Those vice-presidnts are also chairmen of membership committees,whose duties shall be to increase themembership of the League. For thesame purpose, chairmen were also appointed in fourteen districts of Paris.A number of plans were discussed,and helpful suggestions were offeredby Rev. J. D. Redd, of Millersburg,and Rev. J. J. Dickey, of Hutchison,who were present with their wives.SERIOUS FREIGHT WRECK;CYNTH1ANA SOY KILLEDA marriage that will prove of interest locally and elsewhere in thebase ball world took place in thiscity yesterday afternoon, when Rev.J. S. Sims, of the Methodist Church,united in marriage Mr. Herbert C.Dawson, of Lexington, well-known as"Hub" Dawson, and Miss Mary Dozier, of Versailles. The couple cameto Paris yesterday afternoon from thehome of the bride in Versailles, and,after the bride had made the customary affidavit as to her age, a marriage license was granted by CountyClerk Paton. Rev. Sims was found inhis study at the Methodist church andthe ceremony was performed there.Mr. and Mrs. Dawson left on the 3:45interurban car for Lexington. It isr.J1 V10 YhiorHrms on the Dart ofthp bride's? narents impelled the !couple to seek Paris as a GretnaGreen. The groom is well-knownthroughout the Bluegrass region, having for many years been catcher forthe Richmond team in the Blue GrassLeague, later going to the St. Paulteam of the Northwestern League,and eventually returning to Kentuckywhere he reentered the field as catcher of the Lexington team in theOhio State League. His bride comesof a well-known Woodford countyfamily.TO GO TO CALIFORNIA.North-bound fast freight No. 42, onthe Louisville & Nashville road, waswrecked near Yuma, in Pendleton,county, Sunday afternoon, eighteencars being derailed. The train 'wasin charge of Conductor Frank Bryan,Engineer Leo. McKenney and Fireman Harvey Feeback. Bernard Kenton, 18, of Cynthiana, was stealing aride, and was caught under one ofthe cars and badly injured. His legwas crushed, necessitating amputation. He died shortly afterward, confessing that he had pulled the airbrake handle causing the wreck.Two companions with him were uninjured. All through trains were detoured by way of Maysville, and overthe C. & O. tracks to Cincinnati. Thewreckage will be cleared by thismorning. The Natural Bridge excursion train of fifteen coaches andwith about 1,000 excursionists, wasdetained here until 11:15 p. m., onaccount of the wreck, and th etouristsput in the time seeing Paris. Theaccident is said to have been causedby the bursting of the air hose under one of the cars, which causedthe cars to "buckle" and overturn.-'$KT -If You Want to SaveSeveral Dollarsi- ?-XX9:.Come To Our Store andBuy a Suit. -4?We have reduced in price all Men'sand Boys' Suits, as well as the extralight .weight Coats and Pants. Buy nowand save money,iAll Sizes' In Suits, A Fe'wSizes at Half Price.Mitchell & Blakemore,8 The Store for Mien's Styles Paris, KentuckyYi save 15 pwoMit. off by buyimf from jfftitMf Sw. (tf )Dr. Clara Matthews, who has forseveral years been conducting an oplician office in this city, with heroffice in the Deposit Bank building,will close out her business interestshere, and go to California to resiae.This' move is being made upon the advice of her physicians, the state ofher health being such that a changeof climate has become imparative.Dr. Matthews will visit her daughtersin San Francisco for a short while.In this issue of the News she advertises lier office furniture for sale.During- her residence here Dr. Matthews has been signally successful"and her business has increased.steadily.Dr. Matthews will be in her officefor several' days yet, -readr to testeyes and wait upon her customers.'-.--sssy JskoLFRANK &, COEJAIJCE SJ3LvNow Going On!9S'S'2'v2,2"SM202'"'I''II,I"I'ENGLISH AS SHE ARE SPOKEN.A number of handsome youngwomen, who, with their escorts hadbeen to Natural Bridge, Sunday,and were detained here for severalhours by the wreck on the L. & N.near Falmouth,j were admiring thewindow display in a store close tothe News office. One of the partywas bemoaning the fate that hadstranded them ninety miles fromhome, when one of the nifiest of thegirls, a vivicious brunette, spoke up"Now Mayme, you don't know whattrouble is. Here I'm ninety milesfrom my meal ticket, and I've got adate with him to-night. Say, kidsguess wko Tve got a date with tonight? Can't you, now, honest?He's sure a peach. Who, Charley?No, not that mutt, This man's adinger. Nope, never had any dateswith him before. Sure am crazyabout him, though. Sure got lots -ofkale that makes the feeds come regular vnn know. Honest, he has.I've shook Charley for good. Had a;date with that man a week ago, and,honest, girls, he can't talk for fried j Jpotatoes. And slow why, he nevereven neia my nana wueii x apiuu&the old gag about it being cold. Whodid you say? That's right. Honest,I've got a date with him to-night, andhere I am in Paris, Ky., ninety miles'from. home. O, but this is not thelife for me.J' , -And theyMnoved away -without altering the poor thing the least bit ofconsolation: ' .:V4SPECIAL OFFERINGOFLadies' and Misses' SuitsWorth Regularly $20.00 and $25.00NOW$5.00EACHLadies' anti Misses' SergeDressesWorth Regularly $7.50 and $10.00NOW$3.95These Suits and DressesWorthy of Your CarefulInspection.44EACHare0 riiemi" a"iSi Ji 1. ViiiiPTriirv-FRANK Sc CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns. ; x,vri&AVS -r1 ,A--TOE BOURBdN NEWS,, PARIS, KpfTUCRY, AUGUST 18 t914xWHEN the food reaches the stomach it Sb sabjectea! to a peculiarchurning movement by the muscular walla of the stomach' (SeeDr. Pierce's Medical Adviser, page 4i). in tne liver, moneys askin, the blood is purified of its waste materials these organs actas human filters, leaving' the blood pure aod clew unless liver,digestive tract and kidneys are clogged.Dr. Pierce's GoldenMedical Discoveryis a stomach, liver and kidney tonic by assistingthe stomach to assimilate, the liver to filter, thekidneys to act the poisons are removed, the red bloodcorpuscles are increased and one feels light, fresh and activeinstead of logy, dull and heavy. The "Discovery" stunuiooa "h cfnmnpb. increases action of heart and arter-. . ' x. .u j.:n : Vklnj-t.'faii-i'f rk'f ann Tini,np.f,il,ies ana is a most sansiacrory aiierauve u umuu-ww. w w.---.The refreshing influence of this extract of native medicinal plants hasbeen favorably known for over forty years. Everywhere some neighborcan tell you of the good it has done.Sold by all medicine dealers in liquid or tablet form; or send 50 one-centstamps to Dr. V. M. PIERCE, Buffalo, N. Y., a tnai oox tvtu oc mroroj-uu.AHumanChurnIF YOU HAVE AHOME TELEPHONEUse It For Your' Long Distanceas consistently as you do for your local business. Youcan reach the party you want quickly andjjget efficientservice at reasonablerates over the JHome Long Distance Lines.If u do not have a Home Telephone now, callManager's office, 427, for rates and have itjinstalledLtheOk Paris Rome telephone and CcKcjrapb c-555W(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.&&s8Z2&mCHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.erLENIHAIN'S"CASH SPECIALS!I25 pounds Purity Flour ' .7550 pounds Purity Flour 1.5025 poundsIRed Cross Flour 7550 pounds Red Cross Flour : 1.5025jpounds Lancaster 'Flour 6550 pounds Lancaster Flour 1.3017 pounds Magnolia Flour 3525 pounds Magnolia Flour .- 65Mason Frust Jars, Rubber, SealingWax, Paraff ine.Stone's Silver Slice Cakes ReceivedFresh Every 'Day.T. C. LENIHAN.Cash Grocerv.A Both Phones 234MAPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSunday, AUG. 23The Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the tails, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.INTERNATIONAL HARVESTERCOMPANY MUST DISSOLVEAt St. Paul, Minn., the InternationalHarvester Company, Wednesday, wasdeclared to be a monopoly in restraint of interstate and foreign tradeand was ordered dissolved by a majority decision filed by Judges Smithand Hook in the United States Court.Judge Walker H. Sanborn dissenting.Unless the 140,000,000 corporationsubmit a plan for the dissolution ofthe combination into at least three independent concerns within ninetydays, or in case ofappeal within ninety days of the issuance of ari appealmandate from the United States Supreme Court the decision announcesthat the court will entertain an application for the appointment of a receiver for all the properties of theconcern.The decision of the court was givenby Circuit Judge Walter I. Smith, ofIowa, with which Judge William C.Hook, of Kansas, agreed, and fromwhich Judge Walter A. Sanborn, ofMinnesota, dissenter.The majority opinion held that theInternational Harvester Company wasfrom its organization in 1902 in violation of the Sherman law. The original corporation, formed of five concerns, violated the first section of theSherman act by restraining competition among themselves. The combined organization also tended tomonopolize trade in contravention ofthe second section of this law.BETTER BABIES CONTEST.75c75cRECREATIONRoundTYipMUSICRoundTripSCENERYTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 am.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further information.H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.H. M. HAMILTONVETERINARIANOffice, Clarke's Drug StorePhones 50. Residence phones:Cumberland 546, Home 449.PARIS, KY.Expert CarriagePainterMr. Percy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and .also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast 8 yers, has opened a shop at thecorner of Fouth and High Streets, andsolicits the patronage of those needins anything in his line. " x-:BotoPlipfie jti. u -:..Number of entries, 50; number ofbabies examined, 39; number of boysexamined, 26; number of girls examined, 13; average score of boys,95.3; Average score of girls, 93.2.Number of boys between 6 and 12months, ten, average score 93.1Nunmber of girls between 6 and 12months, five, average score 95.5.Number of boys between 12 and 24months, nine, average score 92.1.Number of girls between 12 and 24months, six, average score 94.6.Number of boys between 24 and 36months, seven, average score 94.6.Number of girls between 24 and 36months, two, average score 95.25.Average weight at birth, 8 1-3 lbs.Average number of months, breastfed, 10 1-3.All babies slept with fresh air; allbut six selp alone.All but three claim to be fed regularly, though a few admitted eatingbetween meals.Defects Found 7 cases of high palated arch (suspecteG cases' of adenoids; 1 positive case of adnoids;10 cases of enlarged tonsils; 4 casesof enlarged glands; 2 cases defectiveposture and gait; 6 cases with verybad symptoms of poor nourishment.The doctors say that almost all ofthese defects can be remedied withproper attention. A large number ofbabies can be improved by regularfeeding of simple, easy-digested,nourishing foods, suited in varietyand quantity to their ages.Isn't it worth while to find outabout your baby?The doctors who were the examiners for the Better Babies Contest,have offered to conduct several moresuch examinations, free of charge,for the benefit of babies, whose parents become interested in the contesttoo late to enter theirs. Th4s invitation aDDlies narticularly to babieswho are not doing as well as theirmothrrs' would like, but who want toget in the prize-winning class for nextyear. Interested parents are invitedto call Mrs. Whitley, B. Tenn. 386 forfurther information.CONSTIPATION CAUSES SICKNESS.Don't permit yourself to becomeconstipated, as your system immediately begins to absorb poison fromthe backed-up waste matter. Use Dr.King's New Life Pills and keep well.There is no better safeguard againstillness. Just take one dose to-night.25c, at your druggist.(adv aug.)HIGH COST OF MATERIALDUE TO WAR SCARE.Newspaper publishers are receivingcircular letters from paper manufacturers, ink manufacturers, etc., advising them that owing to the unsettledcondition of the war in Europe, causing a curtailment of their products,all prices will be subject to revision.Meaning, of course, that they willtake advantage of the opportunity togouge the 'poor newspaper men. Andthe publishers will continue to furnish a $2.50 paper, for $2.00 a year,and the .delinquents wilL continue toI wonder" why they are a urged to, comeacross with their subscriptions. , .PREVENTION OF HYDROPHOBIA.To the-Peace Officers, Health Officer and the People of Kentucky:A recent examination of dags'heads from widely" separated sections of the State shows an alarmingprevalence of hydrophobia. Underthe authority conferred upon it bylaw, the State Board of Health hereby requests and directs all personsowning valuable dogs to keep themupon their own premises or to havethem carefully muzzled, and Sheriffs,Chiefs of Police, Constables and thepeople generally are hereby requested and directed to destroy, as painlessly as possible, all unmuzzled- dogsrunning at large, with a view to theprevention of hydrophobia. Failureto observe this request is punishableby fine before any magistrate.Through arrangements with theUnited States Public Health Service,the State Board of Health is enabledto give the Pasteur treatment at theBacteriological Laboratory, BowlingGreen, Kentucky, without expense, toindividuals who have been bitten byrabid dogs or other animals. Dogs'heads suspected of being mad shouldbe sent to the Laboratory, by expressprepaid, and the result of the examination will be telephoned or telegraphed. This board takes this occasion toinform the people of Kentucky thatmad stones are useless if one is really bitten by an infected animal. Theiruse . gives a false sense of securityand their use is forbidden by law.Given under our hands and theseal of the State Board o fHealth,this August 11, 1914.J. G. SOUTH, Pres.A. T. McCORMACK, Secretary.SUMMERCOUGHS AREOUS.DANGER-Summer coughs are dangerous.They indicate low vitality and oftenlead to serious Throat and LungTroubles, including Consumption. Dr.King's New Discovery will relieve thecougr or cold promptly and preventcomplications. It is soothing and antiseptic and makes you feel better atonce. To delay is dangerous get abottle of Dr. King's New Discovery atonce. Your money back if not satisfied. 50c and $1.00 bottles at yourDruggist.(adv aug.)(Copyright, by McClure Syndicate.)Most women have an idea that mencouldn't get along without them. Andthey are right.The trouble with this country isthat a man expects a telephone girlto have as much patience as his wife.HAPPY MOTHERHOODThehappinessof motherhood istoooffcejuchecked because the mother's strength isnot equal to her cares, while her unselfishdevotion neglects her own health.It is a duty of husband or friend to seethat she gets the pure medicinal nourishment in Scott's Emulsion, which is nota drug or stimulant but nature's concentrated oil-food tonic to enrich and enliven the blood, strengthen the nerves andaid the appetite. Physicians everywhereprescribe Scott's Emulsion for overworked, nervous, tired women; it buildsup and holds up their strength.Get Scott's at your nearest drug store.'Now Well"Thedford's Black-Draughtis the best all-round medicinelever used," writes J. A.Steelman, of Pattonville, Texas."I suffered terribly with livertroubles, and could get no relief.The doctors said I had consumption. I could not work atall. Finally I triedTHEDFORD'SBLACKDRAUGHT and to my surprise, I got better,and am to-day as well as anyman." Thedford's Black -Draughtis a general, cathartic,vegetable liver medicine, thathas been regulating irregularities of the liver, stomach andbowels, for over 70 years. v Geta package today. Insist on thegenuine Thedford's. E-70,rDasidh37i.- n V5-..HaTnTaJi s arm i IX-. MBB .-isry- . .. , auuWhuIKiiiiigWftWrgsgg -qw-o.'-ci ti 0i u 'j?ranmmt'HiMiiiHaiMHiiniMMtaHaMHTwenty-seven Years Agothe first Cortright Metal Shingles were put on.The.StandardEver SinceThey're still on still in good condition, andthe only attention they've had is an occasionalcoat of paint.In addition to the lasting qualities, they'reFireproof, Stormproof and inexpensive.1 For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.&&&&I Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 Street""1 F !Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.We Take Pleasure. Win ''oing up the finest shirt- fwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous for fine work and itdever goes buck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.CWeght? Yes. Wait? No.iat1.2.3.4.5.7.8.9.10.'Now is the time to place your order for your Winter CoalSummer prices.A FEW REASONS:We buy direct from the mines.We deliver direct from cars to your residence.We own our teams and can control deliveries.Our offiice is at the yard and we see that you get the coalyou order.We have no solicitors; you get his commission in the better quality of coal.Every customer is satisfied with our coal delivery and become a booster.We never substitute.Many of our customers were burning the wrong kind ofcoal until advised by us.One a customer, always a customer.FOX RIDGE COAL is the coal that does the work.Dodson DentonParis, Ky.Yards, S 311th M iin St.BothPhonss 140LomGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEB.BOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.i Pans Odorless Cleaning Co. tLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your' clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedito your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.?Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25cHHI: application :pimpiybkm.and.a cure. Eczema.all skin diseases50c a box.Send for f reo sameJOHNSTON.X730 Spring ttarden illi'HBrjiaVHIFOR SALE.One 3-horse-power gas or gasoline"engine. Will sell cheap. Apply to" sHENRY GROSCHE., "FOR RENT.Cottage of three rooms and fet&a, oqSeremth Street. Oall Hocw Boe33 or S. T.Pfcea?f. ' - $sv:A-1&-L54i.-. ir "i .o,..- rT" JF !fV -rJ - vWr.-THE 9PURBQN ?NEWSr PARIS,, KENTUCRY ;AU GUST-1 8 ' 1 914Of BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops in thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on ''Diseases of Fowls' sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Islington, lyPSfiillf'Nrm?tf(the Lamp Oil thatSaves Eyesf& Nothing i more important in thefl Lome t&anr lea r.vteadv light. InjureV tVs l- jjettni'i the oil that burnsclear nd donn vithnnt tiuao.down to tie la-t dmn Pennsylvaniacrs:de oil refriMi to perfection.Co-t no mo-e than the in'enoit n.cwp."ono.t aesMOSi:Y bavea"oiiK -avc et-H.Your deilr hn SOLITE OIL intjirreis direct from our works.I Chas. C. StoS! OH Co.( Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren. Pa.We sell tLe celebrate: "No Carb"1 1 Auto 0.1.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine illsithasnoequaLFor ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co. has Tecommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women "who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxton Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.Popular Price ExcursionTo Cincinnati and ReturnSunday, Aug. 23, 1914,$1.SOFor the Round TripT7Special train leaves Paris,. Ky., 8:20a. m., returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m.Natural Bridge,1.50Sunday, Aug. 30.TRAIN LEAVES 10 A. M.Low round trip Summer Touristtickets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct 31, with very liberalstop-over privileges. For further information call on or addressJ. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.Professional CardsJ. S. Wallingford, I. D.Office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,'Phones 31 PARIS, KY.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 14 Main Street.Office Phones TResidence jE. T. 334.Home 334.TVK. A. H KELLER,JLJ PracticingkPhysioian,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis - KentuckyMhtevn&'J. wiiiXiiAMs;ATTORNBY-ATVLAWTo the Creditors of GeorgeAlexander & Co. StateBank.NOTICE .The creditors of the above namefGeorge Alexander & Company StateBank are hereby notified to file theirclaims with the undersigned, verified as required by law, at my officeat the Bourbon Bank & Trust Company's place of business in Paris,Kentucky, on or before September 1,1914; and all depositors of said bankare requested to bring in and leavewith the undersigned their passbooks, in order that they may beposted.BUCKNBR WOODFORDSpecial Deputy Banking Commissioner. (22-Fri 3mos.)1 BiosBarber Shop.Prompt and Courteous Attention to All Patrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.Sew Barber ShopCorner Fourth and MainModern EquipmentPolite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDCANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.Bathing and Boating.Free- DANCING -FreeAfternoon and Evening.Music by Schemnel's OrchestraCanaBLUE GRASS PARK!PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.LVe. Court House. Lve. Station 547:10 a m 7.15 a m7.45 a m 8.00 a m8.15 a m 8.30 a m ..8.45 am' 9.00 a m9.15 am , ' 9.30 a m9.45 a m . 10.00 a m10.15 a m 10.30 a m10.45 a m 11.00 a m11.15 a m 11.30 a m11.45 a m 11.50 a m12:05 p m 12.15 p m12.45 p m . 1.00 p m1.15 p m 1.30 p m1.45 p m , 2.00 p m2.15 p m ' 2.30 p m2.45 p m 3.00 p m3.15 p m 3.30 p m3.45 p m 4.00 p m4.15 p m 5.00 p m5.15 p m 5.30 p m5.40 p m 5.50 p m6.05 p m 6.15 p m6.30 p m 6.40 p mCity Limits Only.KENTUCKY TRACTION 4L TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave Lexington Leave ParliFor Paris for Lexington6.00 a m 6:45 a m7:20 a m 7:30 a m8:00 a m 8:15 a m8:50 am 9:00am10:20 a m 9:45 a m11:50 a m 11:15 a m1:20 p m 12:45 p m2:50 q. m 2:15 p. m3:30 p m 3:45 p m4:20 p in 4:30 p m5:00 p m 5:15 p m6:00 p m 6:05 p m7:20 p m " 8:50 p m -9:10-p m 8:15 p m11:00 pjm -10:05 p aDailr'exotirt Sunday - -HORRIDWRSTILL REARSGRIM FRONT.NEWS-BULLETINS TELL BRIEFLY GRAPHIC STORY OF BATTLE FIELD.BIG GUNS INVESTIGATING BOOSTERS OF FOOD PRICES INNEW YODK.NEW YORK, August 14. MayorMitchel and District Attorney Whitman set m motion Thursday two investigations aimed at disclosing andbringing to punishment the men- responsible for the increasing prices offoodstuffs, clothing and householdnecessities.There is no longer any belief thatthe European war is responsible forhigh prices here except in the caseof commodities which originateabroad or of which the raw productmust be imparted.BLOW UP FORTS; DON'T SURRENDER. BRUSSELS, Aug. 14. It was officially announced here to-day that noneof the Liege forts had capitulated ashad been stated in the German reports. It was declared that the defenders had been instructed to blowup the forts rather than surrender.SAY PRICES ARE UNWARRANTEDWASHINGTON, Aug. 14. Whilethe House of Representatives, usuallyimpulsive in passing legislation ofparticular interest to the membersthemselves, has permitted variousresolutions demanding an investigation of the sudden increase in thecost of food products to go throughthe ordinary routine of committee assignment and consideration, President Wilson suddenly took cognizance of the tood situation in thiscountry Thursday by directing theAttorney-General and the Secretaryof Commerce to institute an immediate inquiry with a view to determining whether or not the advances infood are justified by economic laws,and if not, to begin criminal actionagainst those responsible for forcingup the cost of living by arbitrary orartificial means.In the President's judgment the unusually high prices of food now prevailing are unwarranted, and in hisletter to the. Attorney-General he displays deep indignation at what heconsiders to be an unjustified attempton the part of certain interests andindividuals to reap unusual profits atthe expense of the masses of the people. Secretary of Commerce Redfield isoutspoken in his denunciation of the"food grabbers." He said that normal advances in prices could be expected, but that there was no reasonfor such large boosts."Artificial or abnormal advancesare not only unpatriotic but damnable," said Secretary Redfield, "andthose engaged in such activities deserve the severest punishment. Normal increases may be looked for, particularly in the prices 'of meat."It is reasonably certain that thedemand abroad will increase, andthose who hold their supplies willget higher prices."The rise of 20 per cent in the priceof automobile tires is pointed out asan example of what American manufacturers are willing to do with European competition eliminated.Attorney-General McReynolds lateThursday sent instructions to theUnited States District Attorneys atCincinnati, Covington, Cleveland, Indianapolis, Charleston, Pittsburg andother places to inquire without delayinto the food situation in their respective disctricts and to invoke theFederal law against all men who maybe violating the statutes in boostingartificially or cornering food products. FRENCH GOVERNMENT SEIZESKENTUCKY THOROUGHBREDSValuable thoroughbred horses, purchased in the Bleuegrass by PhilChinn, of Harrodsburg, for the Vanderbilts and quartered at the Vanderbilt stables in Paris, France, are reported to have been confiscated forarmy service by the French Government. Mr. Chinn is now in England,and the report is not confirmed.According to the Harrodsburg Herald these fine horses which he tookfrom America to France have beenconfiscated for use by French cavalryofficers, but it is understood that Mr.Chinn sold them before the war.One horse bought for Vanderbilt byMr. Chinn cost $250,000.John E. Madden, of Fayette hassold to Louis Winans, the Englishhorseman, Polish, the crack two-year-oldcolt, of Ogden, out of Lucy Glitters. The price paid is not disclosed,but it is understood to be a good one,since Polish is considered a likelyfavorite for the Futurity to be runAugust 29, at Saratoga. He will startin the colors of the new owner.HOW'S THIS.We ocer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the past 15 years,and believe him perfectly honorablein all business transactions and financially able to carry out any obligations made by his firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,I Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Catarrah Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucus surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75 cts.per bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for consti-nation. ' . " , Ji(advraugi)COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS.At a meeting of the Paris CityCouncil, Thursday evening, Councilman W. O. Hinton presided as Acting Mayor, in the absence of MayorJ. T. Hinton, who is spending a fewdays at Hot Springs, Ark. The following members were present: Councilmen W. T. Brooks, WhittingtonMann, George D. Speakes, JackWoods, W. A. Wallen and D. C. Parrish. Judge E. B. January filed his report of the business transacted in theParis Police Court for the month ofJuly, as follows:Fines -assessed $13.01Fines replevined 30.00Fines collected 50.51Fines suspended 22.50Fines worked out 27.00Complaints were made to the Council of the inferior and uncertain electric service being furnished to thebusiness men and residents of Paris.The question of whether the LightCompany had the right to abandonits plant in Paris and secure its electric power from Lexington was freelydiscussed, and the matter was referred to Ciy Attorney W. H. Whitleyfor investigation.The following building permits weregranted:To Mr. Malachi Flanagan, permit toerect a frame dwelling house withslate roof, at the corner of High andEleventh streets. Probable cost, ?2,000. Permit to Sanford Garrard to builda two-story frame dwelling on GanoStreet. Probable cost, $400.Permit to Mr. W. B Cox to erect aframe cottage on Vine Street Probable cost,INFECTION AND INSECTBITES DANGEROUS.Mosquitoes, flies and other insects, which breed quickly in garbagepails, ponds or stagnant matter, barns,musty places, etc., are carriers of disease. Every time they bite you, theyinject poison into your system fromwhich some dread disease may result.Get a bottle of Sloan's Liniment. Itis antiseptic and a few drops will neutralize the infection caused by insectbites or rusty- nails. Sloan's Liniment disinfects Cuts, Bruises andSores. You cannot afford to be without it in your home. Money back ifnot satisfied. Only 25c, at your Druggist. (adv aug.)Tapioca Glue.An excellent glue that is harmless,coloiless and odorless is made oftapioca. JJover the desired quantitywith cold-water, put it over the fireand stir, adding more water as itboils to make a good paste. It canbe used to glue wood, leather or paper. For scrapbooks or photographs itmay be necessary to add a little water. Wild Cat In Scotland.A wild cat has been caught in Ardnamurchan deer forest, Argyllshire,Scotland, by a gamekeeper. The animal is very large, measuring 45 inchesin length. It has a short, bushy tail,and is dark in color with brown stripes.It stands high on its legs and has avery tigerish appearance.He Felt Encouraged. '"But she says she has never given JTrrvii qtiv on nnn ro ornTY on f ' 'Tirl aTio Isay that? She told me that heruncle was going to leave her a fortune, and that he had one foot inthe grave. If that is not encouragement, I'd lik to know what you callit." Houston Post.Simplicity and Nobility.Between simple and noble personsthere is always a quick intelligence;they recognize at sight and meet ona better ground than the talents andskills they may chance to possess,namely, on sincerity and uprightness.Emerson.DH6(Copyright, by McCJura Syndicate)Below is a list of the days CountyCourts are held each month in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawrecetmrg, 3d Monday.Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, lt Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Pejadleton, Falmouth, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wayne, Montecello, 4th Monday.Woodford. Versailles. 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, nd Monday.'Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.-Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday.Montgomery, Mt. 'Sterling, 3d Monday. . J ,-Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Moaday.5is? -4SSaSSm AKm .F .0 .FBW m mm' --BtEZf 'B Sip by sip here's pure wenjoyment cool com-fort a satisfied thirst Wa contented palate. ML Demand the genuine by full name mNicknames encourage substitution. mk. THE COCA-COLA COMPANY JWheneveryou see anArrow thinkof Coca-Cola.KENTUCKYSEPT. 14th to 19th, 1914$3,000 SADDLE HORSE STAKE$1,000 Light Harness StakStudent's Judging ContestTROTTING AND PACING RACES EACH DAYFine Exhibits of Horses, Cattle, Swine, Sheep, Poultry, FieldSeed and Grain, Horticulture and Woman's HandiworkCLEAN MIDWAY ANDGRANDFIREWORKSDISPLAYReduced Railroad RatesJ. L. DENT,705 Paul Jones BundingisrGot Missing Figures' I SHE General Manao-er was Dresentinp-X plans for an extension of the factoryto the company's directorsat Detroit.tie found that he had left an estimate sheetin his desk at the factory. He called upthe factory on the Bell Long Distance Tele-Ehone. His assistant read the figures toim and the directors were able to actwithout delay.Annoying delays are avoided by the useof the Bell Telephone.When you telephone mUeCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyINCORPORATED.Accounting for the Absence.Bacon "I see what most attractedthe attention of a party of distinguished Europeans on an Americantour was the absence of fences andhedges." Egbert "They might havereached a locality in the West recently visited "by a cyclone."Salt 'isn't very exnensite. But Itwould be.mhole'lot cheaper thanatisif the fate of Lot's wife mere stated ,out' to rubbernecks nowadays. ., J. ATLANTA, GA. yJT , S.rHMBHSTATE FAIR'$1,000 Roadster StakeFarmer Boys' EacampaseatFREE ATTRACTIONS"BATTLE OF MEXICOJJFor Catalogue and Entry Blaak AddressSecretary, "LOUISVILLE, KY.ftI?h. ip.Oniclclr relia-TM TthAamatiarrL. Sore MToa 'KAnr.lirfa naj.ValiA 77aAfiaHoi AmjlKii-naiBH. iniirninv nicruniuH wiuv..i.. &, ....o, ""Vi..rT:lieillHots any sebs in any Dart of ths of J,llteen minute time. . .xru soe. JLt jlu i9ruffm 111 MitlfMteMllM 1H".bihmSom iehedy company:342 East HaM St., LsshiflM. Ky.A -;i!,'t.!rnr-KZ. 'ym 1 Elki BniMin, ",- 1&y'. '1".(THE BOURBON NEWS' PARIS KENTUCKY, AUGUST-18; IM4SEIh!-&i' 'KThe Bourbon NewspataMished 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.NOTICE.'SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.DEMOCRATIC TICKETZFot SenatorJ. C. W. BECKHAM(Long Term)JOHNSON N. CAMDcN '(Short Term):For CongressJ. CAMPBELL CANTRILL.OYS SUSPECTED OF PLACING TACKS ON HIGHWAY.Complaints of reckless driving andspeeding on the South end of Main.street have been made to the citymdtfaorities and an. effort will Tie madeto apprehend the parties guilty ofthis violation, of the law regulatingthe auto traffic within the limits ofthe city.Numerous instances have been rejported to the police, who are powerless to act unless they know the parties or can. get the number of thelicense tag, in which case immediateprosecution will follow. Also it isjnanifestly impossible for the smallpolice force of this city to cover solarge a territory, and be in all partsof it at all times. So the offenders-will continue to offend until some oneis caught in. the act, and made an example of. It is said that the offenders are not all strangers to the comjnunity, and that many of these reckless 'speeding autoists are home-bred-products ofOldfields and OldfieldessesThree young boys, apparently between the ages of nine and twelve,are suspected of placing tacks in theMghway on the Lexington pike, between the homes of Mr. C. A. Webbersnd Mr. William Ardery, as a numberof autos, have had tires punctured inTariably in the same locality. In every instance these boys have beenseen in the neighborhood, ana ap-Jparently regarding the plight of theChief of Police Link has receivedthe following communication fromState Board of Health, asks that theNews publish same and to state thatthe orders from them will be enforced to the letter. The letter is asfollows:To the Peace Officers, Health Officer and the People of Kentucky:A recent examination of dags'heads from widely separated sections of the State shows an alarmingprevalence of hydrophobia. Underthe authority conferred upon it bylaw, the State Board of Health hereby requests and directs all personsowning valuable dogs to keep themupon their own premises or to havethem carefully muzzled, and Sheriffs,Chiefs of Police, Constables and thepeople generally are hereby requested and directed to destroy, as painlessly as possible, all unmuzzled dogsrunning at large, with a view to theprevention of hydrophobia. Failureto observe this request is punishableby fine before any magistrate.Through arrangements with theUnited States Public Health Service,the State Board of Health is enabledto give the Pasteur treatment at theBacteriological Laboratory, BowlingGreen, Kentucky, without expense, toindividuals who have been bitten byrabid dogs or other animals. Dogs'heads suspected of being mad shouldbe sent to the Laboratory, by expressprepaid, and the result of the examination will be telephoned or telegraphed. . AThis board takes this occasion toinform the people of Kentucky thatmad stones are useless if one is really bitten by an infected animal. Theiruse gives a false sense of securityand their use is forbidden by law.Given under our hands and theseal of the State Board o fHealth,this August 11, 1914.J. G. SOUTH, Pres.A. T. McCORMACK, Secretary.DEATHSNIX.Little Garey Nix, aged 11 months,died at noon Saturday, at the homeof his parents, on Kentucky avenue,in Rosedale Addition. The little onehad been ill about one week. Mr.Nix is an employe of the Louisville& Nashville Railroad Company andcame to Paris from Owenton. Services were held at the grave in Owenton yesterday afternoon by theRev. M. Ollis Harmon.MATRMONAL.The folio wig beautiful marriageannouncement have been received:"Mr. and Mrs. Jefferson Davis Purcell have the honor of announcing themarriage 'of their daughter, Mary McIlwaine, to Mr. Stanhope Wiedemannon Saturday, the eleventh of July,one thousand nine hundred and fourteen, at Versailles, Kentucky."BIG SAVING.Tremendous saving on all GasStoves and Ranges during the monthSALE OF FANCY HORSES.Hon. Clande M. Thomas sold last"Saturday to Ball Bros., the wellinown Versailles horsVmen, a finethree-year-old mare "Mena," by BaronKing, and a three-years-old filly,"Poem," by Baron King. Both aniinals are fine show horses, and willmake a valuable addition to the Ball33ros already famous stock farm.The price paid was not made public,"but is said to have been a good one. J 75cpick.(7-tf)A. F. WHEELER & CO.PROPERTY IMPROVEMENTS.autoists as a jolie. Dr. Frank Faries' of August. Come early and get themachine pulled up lame the other dayait this spot, with eleven large tackssticking in the tires, and there werethree grinning urchins who are undersuspicion. Mr. Louis Mussinon's machine suffered a similar late, withthe exception that it was nails , instead of tacks. Three other machinesat the same place, whose owners ordrivers were not known to Dr. Faries,who saw them in trouble at the sameplace from the same cause, wereIrought to the local garages fortreatment, where the trouble wasdiagnosed as "tacks." An effort will"be made to get the suspected boys in"the clutches of the law.L. & N. AND L. & E. NOWCONNECTED AT LEXINGTON.The connecting link of railroad between the Lexington & Eastern division and the Paris branch of the Louisville & Nashville, which has beenunder construction for the last- year,and which is intended to facilitatethe movement of heavy coal trains,into Lexington, has been completed,and will, it is stated, be put intocommission in the next few daysTHEATRGAL K, ijyCOLUMBIA THEATRE-WEDNESDAY, AUG. 19.On to-morrow, "The Million Dol-i-lar Mystery" episode No. 6. TheCoaching Party of the Countess. Theopening finds Braine and the Countessdiscussing their failures. They discover a strange man watching theCountess' apartment. Alarmed, theydecide they must act quickly. Theyplan another scheme to get not onlyFlorence, but Jones too. Florence isinvited by the Countess to a coachingparty outto an old mansion Jones isinvited also. , The members of the"Black Hundred" gather secretly atthe mansion to carry out the fiendishplan. On the way the coaching partymeet Norton. Fearing he knew notwhat, he secretly follows. The plotprogresses Florence is lured into thetrap Norton rescues her aided byJ.ones. The three start away on horseback, butf being discovered are immediately pursued. Jones stops and byfearless, hazardous tactics delays thepursuers, whilt Florence and Nortongallop away.Never before such "amazing action inmoving pictures and more startlingportrayal will appear as each episode isshown, at' the Columbia Theatre.$10,000 in cash will be given' for thebest 100 word solution of this greatmystery. See the pictures. Read thestory in the papers. Folios? the developments each week. Then send inyour solution.In connection with the above feature, a two-reel Keyston Comedy willThis line, which is known as the be shown, "The Alarm."L. & N. "cut-off," is about one milelong, and together with the right ofway cost approximately $40,000. Itleaves the L. & E. near Montroseand extends in a northwesternly direction, intersecting the Paris branchat Woods Crossing, back of the Lexington Country Club.It is said to be the intention of theLexington & Eastern officials to routeall coal trains from Eastern Kentuckycoal fields over this link.The store room belonging to theCoughlin Bros., on Main street, whichhas been undergoing remodeling forsome time past, is almost completed.The upper story has been convertedinto a modern flat.The business house on Mainstreet, lately vacated by M. L. Woodsas a saloon, is being extensively remodeled, and will be occupied as abarber shop by J. L. Clark, who is atpresent occupying the stand at thecorner of Main and Ninth streets.Mr. J. Sherman Owens has beenawarded the contract for the erection of Mr. Malachi Flanagan's newresidence on the lot recently purchased of Mr. W. L. Yerkes. Mr.Flanagan will erect -one of the handsomest residences in Paris on thelot.A QUARTER FOUND.$1.00's worth at Winters' now for(tf)NOTICE TO WATERSUMERCON-Owing to the drouth I arncompelled ask all consumersto economize as much as possible. Please do not use hoseon yards or street. Flowerscan be watered, as they needbut a small amounjr.Respectfully,NEWTON MITCHELL,Superintendent.Keystone hasn't turned out anything funnier than this two-part farcein a long time, if ever. As usual,it is rough and tumble, helter-skel-ted;but the spirit of laughs is behind most of what goes on in it,especially of the second reel. Ae anoffering to the public, it is first cltss,there can be no doubt at all of that.But it is so full that it would be hardto give a comprehensive account ofit. Roscoe Arbucle is the author andand director. It's a scream.Don't miss this if you do youwill regret it.Busy Bee. Gash store NewsTDRESS GINGHAMLatest Fall Patterns, just unpacked,all 15c and 12 l-2c grades at 1 Oc yd.POSTCARDSSee our grand line of Post Cardsat1 c eachAll Foodstuff is advancing, butright now it will pay you better thanever to get our prices before buying.We still sell Golden Rio Coffee at20c a pound.THE BUSY BEE CASH STORE,PREDWECKESSER, Prop.FEE'S OLD STAND MAIN STREETPUBLIC NOTICE.LOOK! LOOK!Think of it $8.00 and $8.50 greenand brown Porch Chairs, at $4.50,while they, last.(7-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.Lumber Cut To Order.Tobacco sticks, tier rails and othermaterials for barn building. Applyto(18-3t) E. T. PHONE, 118.Office FurnitureFor Sale.All my office furniture, Roll TonDesk, Library Table, Rugs, Leather ment secured by first mortgage oneu.Lcu juauQ, minors, jorass uuspi- real estate.dor, New Refrigerator, and many oth-, Subscription for stock now in seer articles of office furniture. Ad- ries "W Annlv tnBourbon Building & LoanAssociation.Successful record of nearly eightyears. Pays annual dividend over 7per cent. Not a dollar lost. Investply to.(18-lt)DR. CLARA MATTHEWS.C. ARNSPARGER,Two-thirds of the people of Parisuse hydrant water for drinking purposes. The less water in Stoner thegreater the probability of pollution.Do not use it extravagantly. It is better to sacrifice the beauty of thelawn or the fruitfulness of the gardenthan to chance a human life,(tf) A H. KELLER, Health Officer.! For Prompt Attention fandDependable ServiceIn Any Line oL1MISSee222GET A CAKE OFSOAPW. 0." &HINT0NSON,TfriE NEW FIRM.Don't waste your morion poor Soap. We sellgood Soap cheap.Pure White Castile 5and 10c per cake.Peroxide Soap, makesthe skin white and keepsit white, 15c per cake.Jergen's Violet Glycerine Soap 10c per cake;3 for 25c. Has the odorof real violets.Palmolive Soap 15c; 2for 25c.Colgate's Fine Soaps insix odors Rose, Violet,Heliotrope, Lilac andSandalwood at 10c percake; 3 for 25c. Nobetter made.b We have all the advertised soaps, coo. Comein and let us show you.Peoples PharmacyPARIS, KY.Doyle Building 8th and Main."Watch Our "Windows."(lo-tf ) CCCretary. ! AAAAAAAAAAtAAAAitiAAAiAAAAlirBMtrnrTWivn mnrii tim i i iw iii'iTmmwi wm ,. i.n. , I J-r------ ---Mgiyiacta i-TmnvgtTnrnn-niiiimTrm-.n-:ajtajfmitafiirtHJMMKa WA.fflftein r nil m T II 1$$0$O&$$$$O$VrrTTsasreryr-. jcmbbh&!Kmmt9msssRafxrsiJyisJLWJlnEinghth and fVIaln Streets, Will Have A--ClfcnmBeginning Saturday, Au99m jIm iSSNSIHH 1 IQ m! hB MflP9 Hl"Voding; Sept. 1i iThe Dining Roomshould be one of the most comforta"bTy amd attractively furnished room infhe.houee, asd, if furnished from ourestablishment it is so. We "have aplnaid line of handsome dining-roomtables and chairs buffets and- accessories. Each piece is stronglyand durably made from the most artistic designs, and is warranted togive thorough satisfaction. Our present prices are most moderate.$12.00 Up.- It Stands in the Lime ;trbt yof public opinion and that Is whereof public ,n .vaa tnat is wherewe want onr Furniture always to remain. We ever invite the closest inspection of every article we offer forsale, and we tell the truth about it toall intended purchasers. We believethe best kind of advertisement for ahouse like ours is strict reliability,and we are going to live up to thisreputation which we made years ago.$20.00 Up.The Young Man's Roomhas i, lot' to do about his staying inor going out nights. If there is onein your 'house we want to show youfurniture for his room that will makeit the cosiest spot on earth for him.There are pretty beds, comfortablechairs, non-upsetable tables. Take alook at them and think how your boywould revel in them.Bed Room $2o.00 and Up.Strong and Light.It's our aim to give you in furniturethe lightest weight consistent withstrength and beauty of design. Cumbersome furniture is an obsolete idea,,and we do not deal in antiquities.Modern styles, modern methods andmodern workmanship are characteristic of ourvstock and methods".Chase Leather 3-piece Moh.Suit, $22.50.A Dining Room Buffetis at once ornamental and useful. Wehave them, in most attractive designsreally artistic piedes of. furniturethat add considerable to adornmentand comfort of the dining room. Theyare well supplied with drawers andcupboards for silver, cutlery, etc.,and have highly-polished, heavy, bevel-mirrorbacks and ornamental scrollwoodwork. The sizes vary and theprices, too. In Oakland mahogany$20.00 Up.. 1o411 Goods will Be Marked to the PublicAt 25 Cents OffOn Ever y Dollar. ( Nothing Charged.I VE.M. Wheeler 1mWKKKKmJtKKKmm9m9WKkJKgtmMmytk99em-99999m999999m9$i'iTE BOURBON : NEWS PAfJS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST IB, l4rtr 'wmiAHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEEVERYTHING BUT DIAMONDS GO.Go to Winters' for bargains. Everything reduced but diamonds, tfANY STRAW HAT $1.00.Unrestricted choice of any strawhat, including Knox Straws, $1.00.J. W. DAVIS & CO.EOT -"- -LEAGUE MEETING.The Bourbon County Woman's Local Option League will hold a meeting in the county court room in thecourt house on Thursday, August 20,at 3 o'clock. Every member of theLeague is urged to be present, asiiis meeting will be one of great importance. PEACHES!. PEACHES!Fancy Peaches for preserving, $1.75per crate.C. P. COOK & CO.BUSINESS IS GOOD.Too many people are complainingof poor pusiness; bea booster, not aknocker. Help business to get on itsfeet and it will help you. Begin today by seeing the Gas Companyabout putting in the pipes for thatheater you will need within a veryshort time. You will appreciate gasfor fuel your neighbor does.RESIGNS AS AGENT.After twenty-eight years of continuous service in the employ of the Adams Express Company, as messenger,clerk and agent, Mr. John Dean, whohas been the local agent for the company for the past eight or ten yea'rs,has resigned his position, and willtake a months' rest. Mr. Dean hashad a number of fine offers, but hadnot as yet decided just what he willdo. His accounts were checked overto the incoming agent, Mr. E. C.Colliver, Saturday, and found to becorrect. His successor, Mr. Colliverlias been a clerk under Mr. Dean forsome time.REFRIGERATORS REDUCED.Read these prices Refrigerator,$35.00 kind, now 25.00, while theylast. The -New Iceberg and theOdorless.7-tf) A. P. WHEELER & CO.THE GARTH FUND.The examination of the beneficiaries of the Garth Fund and the hearing of the reports was conducted atthe court house yesterday morningand afternoon by the commissioners,John T. Collins, C. M. Thomas and E.M. Dickson. About twenty-five of theold beneficiaries appeared before theCommissioners for examination. Theexamination of new applicants will beconducted by the Commissioners atthe same place to-day.ADVERTISEMENT IN THE NEWSBRINGS QUICK RESULTS.A "lost" advertisement in theNews Thursday night for the Fridayissue was the means of restroning onFriday morning a ladies' doat thathad been lost only the afternoon before. The coat belonged to MissBrophy, Jackson, Ky., who is visitingher cousin, Miss Brophy, near thiscity. Ihe papers containing the advertisement had not been on thestreets more than a half-hour, whenthe coat was brought in by a coloredman who found it on the street.It pays to advertise in any paper,but advertising brings quicker results in the Bourbon News. "Now isthe time to subscribe."V .' EXCURSIONISTS SEE PARIS.The Louisville & Nashville's Sunday excursion train to NaturalBridge was perhaps one of the heaviest ever sent out of the Queen City,fifteen crowded coaches carrying thevisitors from the Buckeye State tothis noted resort. On account of thewreck near Falmouth the excursionists were held over at Paris until11:30, when they resumed their journey. The excursionists spent theirenforced vacation here in inspectingthe city, and all of them were greatlyimpressed and pleased with Paris.Numbers of them viewed the courthouse and expressed their admirationfor the handsome building.BETTER PREPARED THAN EVERWe have received our entire stockof foreign woolens, which we orderedbefore the declaration of war, andare prepared to receive orders forfall clothes. A look will convinceyou that we have the best selectedstock in Kentucky.J. W. DAVIS & CO.SAVE ONE-FOURTHGet fine values at Winters' 1.00worth for 75c. " tfMAY INSTALL PLANT.As a result of the frequent interruptions in the electric' light servicein this city, it is said upon what maybe considered reliable authority, thatthe Alamo Theatre is considering theinstallation of a complete electriclighting and power plant to furnishcurrent for lighting and for power tcthe machines in its nicture service.Eelctrical engineers were here sometime aeo. making calculations ancestimates, which are being revisedand held for further consideration.Last Friday night, a slight cloud onthe horizon caused the current, tcsuspend operation for sixty-five minutes, leaving the city in darkness andithe citizens wrathful, wicked and'-wrought upp. v" -SAVE MONEY.(ftf Look at Winters' prices before buyinganything nice in his line 25 per, ontYoff $1.00. - . t(t)1 V " --cLLMrs. J. B. Nortlicott is a mipcfhot relatives in Jefferson, O.miss bara Daniel is visiting relatives in urawtordsville, Ind.Mr. Melvin Crane has returnedto his home in Winnhpstprhome in Winchester.Editor Wm. B. Ardery, 0f theParis Democrat, is a guest at EstillSprings.Miss Augusta Rogers, of Lexington, is visiting Mrs. Joe Varden, inEast Paris.Mr. Claude Overstreet has returned from a visit to his old home inLagrange, Ky.Miss Elizabeth Guilfoyle, of Mt.Sterling, is a guest of Miss Elizabeth Toohey, near this city.Patrolman Jas Moreland has returned from a vacation of ten daysat Torrent, and is again on duty.Mr. and Mrs. John Williams andMrs. Brice Steele, all of Paris, forma congenial party at Estill Springs.Mrs. Lee Stark has returned toLouisville, after a visit to her aunt,Mrs. Robt. Langston, on Scott avenue. Mrs. Hugh Clendenin and daughter, of Eminence, are visiting Mr.and Mrs. Charles Clendenin, nearParis.Dr. and Mrs. Geo. Kent Vardenreturned to their home in Atlanta,Saturday, after a visit with Paris relatives. Mr. Luther Ashcraft left Fridayfor a two-months' prospecting tourin Missouri and Arizona, with a viewof locating.Miss Julia. Clarke has returnedfrom a vacation trip to NiagaraFalls, Detroit, Mich., and otherpoints of interest.Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Peebles havereturned to their home in Ohio, aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. M. O. Biddle,on Mt. Airy Avenue.Mrs. Benj. Perry and Mr. andMrs. A. B. Davis have returned toCovington, after a visit to friends andrelatives in this city.Mr. and Mrs' S. W. Summers,who were called to Carrolton, bythe death of Mrs. Summers' brother,Mr. J. B. Ribelin, have returnedhome.Miss Mayme and Bessie Holladay left yesterday morning for NewYork City and Summitt, N. J., for avisit with Mr. and Mrs. ClaytonStevens.Miss Lillian Hickman, who hasbeen a guest of relaitves in Cynthiana for a three-weeks' visit returned,to her home in this city, Fridayevening.Miss Helen Hutchcraft has returned from Oil Springs, where sheattended the annual reunion of theChi-Omega Fraternity of Transylvania University.Misses Marian and CharlotteCram are entertaining as guestsMisses Ada Wilson, of Walnut Hills,Cincinnati, and Katherine Patrick,of Hartwell, Ohio.Mrs. Julia Nichols, of Paris, whohas been visiting the Misses Christian and Mr3. Patterson, of WoodJand avenue, Lexington, returnedhome Saturday.Mrs. John Bowlos and daughter,of St. Louis, Mrs. Duko Bowle3 andMiss -.Louise jetton, of Paris, aireguests of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Geffinger, in Harrodsburg.Miss Mary Bodino Walker, ofLouisville, is a guest of her brother,Mr. Charles Walker, of Paris, who isRoadmaster of this division of theLouisville and Nashville.Miss Mary Moore Leach and Mr.Dawson Berry have returned to Lexington from Paris, where thoy wereguests of Mrs. Joseph Davis for thedance given Fridav night.Mrs. James Pendleton and sonhave returned from a visit to Mrs.Pendleton's mother, Mrs. BetsyCrouch, who has been quite ill ather home in Owingsville.Mrs. W. A. Clarke, of Cincinnati,who was formerly Miss Martha Waller, of this city, is visiting her sister, Miss Dorcas Ussery, at the homeof Mrs. Alice Ware, on Cypressstreet.Mrs. J. T. Collins, of North Middletown, Mrs. Thos. Helm Clay, ofParis, and Mrs. Collins' guest, Mr.John Callins, of Cleveland, u., arevisiting relatives in Louisville and inPewee Valley.Senator and Mrs. E. L. Worthington, of Maysville, and Mrs. L. W.Longmoor, of " Covington, have returned to their homes aftor a visitto Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Claybrook,near Hutchison.Miss Corinne Collins entertaineda few friends with a party at theAlamo Thursday afternoon, to meether guest, Mrs. Ray Spencer, of Cincinnati. The party included Mrs.Spencer, Mrs. Woodford Daniel,Misses Belle Horton, Elizabeth Jasper, Clara Belle O'Neill and MissCollins.Miss Sallie Squites ente-rtainedat the home of her parents, Mr. and"Mrs. W. H. Squires, on Pleasantstreet, in honor of her guest, MissMabel Soper, of Little Rock. Thefollowing guests were present:Misses Mabel Soper, Edith Wright,Virginia Cook, Florence Ellis, Elizabeth Hall, Lona McCord, EstherBoatright, Edith Harper, Ethel Harper and Katherine Meglone; Messrs.Harold Wollstein, Claude Mann,Pearce Beatty. Elmer McCord, Maurice Clark, Harvey Feeback, JamesBolden, Jesse .Smith Thos. LeuonThomas and Eugene Elder."The "Heard About Town" columnof the Lexngton Leader has this tosay of a well-known young Paris boy:"Maurice Burnaw, who was billed tomnp.&r in the Million Dollar Mysteryt the Orpheum yesterday, but who-yas not on tne screen ior some ie-son or ot,her, spent the night in thecity and returnea to nis mme iuParis this morning. According toAe advertisements, Mr. Burnaw'with his company) was to havedanced a new dance yesterday, call3d the LulUfardo, which is said to be'some dance.' Mr. Burnaw, whenxsked to describe the new "dance,said that it was identical witli theother dances now in, vogue 'exceptthat the steps were' different.' Whenasked whether he had madethe trip Ifrom Pans to see tne Minion uonar"Mystery, he was noncommittal. HeSOGI1nnounflwill leave, -oh-" Sunday for New York-,where he goes to fill a vaudeville en-Among-the jstiests a't Oil Springsthe past week were Mrs. Harry H.Hancock and daughters, Misses Franks, jLaitn and Virginia Hancock,Airs. Rebecca Rudisill and Missthinei freeman, of Paris.j Mrs. John C. Freeman who forUi10 nrhOQ ',, e. u wno Ior,w.. xv-oexxu ia unhung ner Home withner- aaugnter, Mrs. W. O. Hinton,was made very happy Saturday in thecelebration of -her seventy-fourthbirthday, by being surrounded withher children and grandchildren, at ab o clock dinner given in honor of theoccasion. Mrs. Freeman is-a lovely,gentlewoman, whose dignity and gracciousness have endeared her to awide circle of friends. Those whosurrounded the beautifully appointed-uauie were Mr. ana Mrs. Keith Snyder and daughter, Miss Nancy KeithSnyder, of Louisville; Professor andMrs. William E. Freeman, of Lexington; Mr. Yancey Freeman and theirsons, Charles, v John D. and ThomasFreeman; Mr. and Mrs. Amos TurnerJr., and the members of the household, Mr. and Mrs. W. O. Hinton andtheir son, Mr. Oscar T. Hinton.The Bourbon Dancing Club entertained with a mid-summer danceat the Masonic Temple, on Fridayevening from ten to four. Goodwin'sSaxaphone Trio, of Lexington, furnished the music. A meeting washeld to elect officers for the ensuingyear, resulting as follows: President, Ireland Davis; Vice-President,Hiram Roseberry; Secretary-Treasurer,John M. Stuart. The guests present were:Misses Martha Shelby, (Danville);Cornelia Blackburn, (Georgetown) ;uvelyn McCarroll, (Owingsville);'iuargaret uiasseil, (Louisiana): Frances Milward, Genevieve Malloy, Mus-jette veach, Mary M. Leach, (Lexington); Cicily Bohon, Catherine Bohon,(Versailles); Margaret Willis, (Winchester); Louise Morrison, (Charleston, West Virginia); Mae AdamsLincoln, Louisville) ; ElizabethBrown, Anna Wilson, Anna Embry,Matilda James, Louise Steele, Eleanor Clay, Mary Mitchell Clay, Frances Clay, Frances Champe, MarieTalbott, Carolyn Roseberry Messrs.Hiram Roseberry, Douglas Clay, JohnStuart, Blair Varden, Lucien Arnsparger, Tom Prichard, Billy Taylor, Jno.W. Young, Robt. Jones, Duke Brown,Joe Davis, Jason Redmon, FrankSledd, Stanley Young, John Price,Graham Young, Edward Spears, Alvin Thompson, G. C. Thompson, Edward McShane, Hai-ry Horton, Ireland Davis, Stanley Dickson, RoyBatterton, Ernest Beheler; W. O.Ashurst, Chilton Moore, W. W.Ward, Jas. Ed. Cantrill, Chas. Ferguson, Joe Gaines, John Ford, J. W.Hall, (Georgetown); Oliver McAdams, George Gallagher, Richard Jackson, J. R. Hughes, Jr., Bryan Bailey,Carroll Dale, Bradley Railey, LynnMoore, Rogers Moore, Prentice Sledd,Louis DesCognets, Robt. Jewell,Jack Swan, Thos. Walker, WalterSquires, Will Walton, (Lexington);Henry Cromwell, Harold Poindexter,Ben Plummer, James Taylor, BryanMcMurtry, (Cynthiana) ; RenickSmith, (Dallas, Tex.); Maurice Burnaw, (New York); Mr. Baker, ((Illinois) ; Lindsay Moore, (Detroit,Mich.)The chapqrones were: Mr. andMrs. Charles Fithian, Mr. and Mrs.White Varden, Mr. and Mrs. John F.Davis, Mr. and Mrs. O. P. Clay, Mr.and Mrs. Swift Champe, Mr. and Mrs.Paul C. Snyder, Mrs. F. P. Clay, Mrs.Mollie James, Mrs. CO. Wilmoth.!Mr. Shirley Snowden, of the L.& N. office force, is spending a fewdays with his parents, Dr. and Mrs.John A. Snowden, of Winchester.(Other Personals on Page 8.)THE BEST ONLY.Nothing but good goods at Winters'. KODAKThey will enjoytaking picturesthe simple, easyKodak " Way.You wilbe gladto have a picturestory of vacationdays.KODAKS, $5.00 up.BROWNIE CAMERAS, they worklike Kodaks, $1.00 to $12.00.DaugheftyKODAK ffcTO 1""v , O0LBT THE K ICHILDREN IBtos.SAFETY STORAGE WAROUSE.I The Safety Storage Warehouse, in5,eely Buildin& corner Fourthand Pleasant Streets, is now ready toreceive goods. If you have furniturepiled in a damp cellar, leaky attic ordirty, damp, foul stable, make arrangements at once to store it in theSafety Storage Warehouse. The costis small, but the protection is great.The warehouse will be kept clean atall times, the building is almost fireproof, and goods stored there will bejust as clean and in as good condition when taken out as when put instorage. Receipt in full given forevery article or container, and theWarehouse will be run to comply withall State laws. Think of the difference in damage by rust, rot and filthon goods placed in damp places andin a dry, clean warehouse. Easyhandling of goods and good elevatorserviceFRANK REMINGTON.Cumberland Phone 640.FOR RENT.My home place opposite the ParisFair Grounds, now occupied by Mr.Ed. Burke. AddressMRS. BLANNIE D. SHIPP,342 East Main Street,(tf) Lexington, Ky.J,i5Jj2,2ji'5jJ5"JJJ5StraussBros.& CosNewNoI On Sale at AHsCiJLs.i,C,,&,2,,2,2,,2,,2,'5,5,,2,"5,,'2',,,J,,,,2,2',S,'2l,,S,,SCigar$8jL3ossQGe3etS!Ga3C3oGee20aoeQG9OGOSGOCSGSocesGeG'iseecmeoGn peg i? wpaa1 iB "AJliI!lMKMM . 5& Sk . Ok vUl Ejmt HI " Bis jl. a. A jJL JL5 Jk s-i Lfw i J&. J?L jlrw ilv Js. JklTsJmmf!lmm Tim i Tw -vL-S"IIPrjO'Thei PajamaKidin ConnectionIMHMJjPerfection,Sterns (&May We Not Have the PleasureTHE J. TParis9 Kentucky-Phones 36S UndertaEcirag Ambulance-Wood fVfantelsiMiiMttttttfttTr"aai,a,VMMaaMaiiMatBtiiatl,at,ift mmmmm ,ILAST BIG CUTONSUMMER GOODS!An Opportunity to Buy Beautiful New .- vLAWNS, RATINES, CREPES, DRESS LINENSfand Mrny Novelty Wash Goods at BigReductions.200Shirt Waists ToClose Out at Half Price-A Few CREPE and MUSLIN UNDERGARMENTS,Slightly Mussed During Our Sale, atBARGAIN PRICES.W. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.ISPECIAL!Hand7Painted Initial Salts and Peppers, White. ChinaWith Initial in Gold,J65 Cents Peir-Pair.Worth $1.00. cAU Letters in Stock at Preeent.Get Our Prices on Watches, Jewelry, Silverware, Etc,Before You Buy. Always Reliable.C. O. HINTON303S9f!C00CSS3a3S$0C83tl1riiiiiTBrMWiUk Dow&KWwizMfHmm v merely si1.i3wf?!w5 or do youwiMmwmMSr and rest ,sitting in anchah not evenThen why sleep eight to ten hours onan uncomfortable bed? Why awakenwith cramped and tired muscles ?Do you sleep with a much heavierperson? Does their weight make ithard for you to sleep comfortably ?Sleep 30 Days at Our Risk ,Perfection BediP!ro Tirvnr rpfrpohinff1 -0 perience the comfort of sleeping on?' tf cnrinfTci fTiofr rannnf. Hrf tTuif. Riinnnrfcyour body perfectly, independent ofanother person in the bed.You have your own springs just a3much as if you were sleeping alone.Each spring and row of springs operateindependently. No sag no hills no "side-rock" no noise. 335pounds and 125 pounds can sleep comfortably in the same bed.Sleep on Perfection Springs 30 Nights atwith this Great SpringFairyFoster cTWattresses"l"I"H'.'M"I"i"I"I". HINTON COMPANYMtlfltNltMimmtLiltyoueep.sleep?wouldn't think ofuncomfortablefor an hour.Springstclppr rin (. "RviOur Risk.&we are Showinj?Felt andof Showing You ?..t--,4 4-fffmrr .TJIKJPWaWBPEPW?Tr i" f MTtzmMmMmmM-mtwMMwrrrTT-mrmMMmntnarrrarV"W" )T -" tv ? ?w Tr t ' " : v - i' : i-iTKi-f ur --4 y. - wv. , T - BtMairi-" 'v - " " - o r ?X,x( 'Mwjmuiinjni. juMfc-PBESIillt.THE BOUfcBON NEWS PARK,, K AUGUST 18Aa3wwwm??m?j?fJob Prinf incjWORK DONE ;WHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!z&mAP-rWil"CTRE J9B RGOfflS OFTHEBhrbn:NewsAre prepaired. to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,sucn as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.fLet us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Ok Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for;$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and made w "known on application.ftUiUiUUiiiiiSSBourbon County Bible School Convention.The annual convention of the Bourbon County Bible Schools ofthe Christian Church will be held at at the Mt. Carmel Christian Churchon Friday, Aug. 21, and promises to be the most successful one everheld. The program is an follows:MORNING9:00 Devotional Led by Mr. R. H. Biddle, Jr., Mt. Carmel.9:15 Address of Welcome Mr. J. R. Jones, Minister, Mt. Carmel9:25 Address Mr. Newton L. Shropshire, ClintonvilleSubject, "Forward."9:40 Address Mr. J. C. Bryan, Jr., North MiddletownSubject, "Reaching the Adults"9:55 Address.. Mr. CO. Cossaboom, Minister, MillersburgSubject, "Family Worship"10:10 Special Music.10 : 15 Address Mr. Robert M. Hopkins, CincinnatiSubject, "The Bible School as a Factor in Evangelizing America"10: 50 Address ' Mr. R. H. Ellett, Minister, ClintonvilleSubject: "The Bible School as a Training Ground for Church Members"11:05 Address Mr. Carl Agee, Minister, Little Rock"Subject, "How to Sustain Interest in the Bible School"11:20 Hymn.11:25 A Message. From the State Worker Walter E. Frazee12:00 Announcements, etc.AFTERNOONr1:15 Praise Service Led by Mr. A. L. Boatright, Paris.Prayer Elder J. T. Sharrard, Paris.1:30 Address Mr. F. M. Rains, Cincinnatibuoject, "The Bible School as a Factor in Foreign Missions"2:05 Address Mrs. Frances E. Beauchamp, Lexingtonsubject, "Christian Citizenship"2:40 Special Music.2:45 Business Session.Reading Minutes of Last Meeting Mr. J. B. Cray, Millersburg.Report of Schools.Report of Committees.Convention Offering.3:15 Hymn.3:20 Address. .Mr. John Christopherson, Minister, North MiddletownSubject, "The Possibilities of the Rural Bible School."3 : 35 Address . Elder James Clark, Little RockSubject, "Our Home Department."3:45 Address Mrs. Lizzie Walker, Paris12:15 Closing Prayer Mr. L. C. Anderson, North MiddletownSubject, "The Cradle Roll; Its Place and Value to the Bible School"3:55 Address - Mr. T. A. Hendricks, ParisSubject, "The Bible School as a School of the Bible."4:15 Closing Prayer Captain James Rogers, Cane RidgeBURDENS LIFTED.From Paris Backs Relief Proved by 'Lapse of Tme.Backache is a heavy burden;Rheumatic pain; urinary ills;All wear one out.Often effects of kidney weakness.No use to cure symptoms,Relief eis but temporary if thcause remains.If it's the kidneys, cure the cause.Doan's Kidney Pills are for kidney illsHere's proof of their merit fromthis vicinity.D. M. Farley, merchant, 474 ClairAvenue, Lexington, Ky., says: "Ihad a dull, dragging pain in myback. The action of my kidneyswas irregular, especially at night.Finally I used Doan's Kidney Pillsand before long they put a stop toall these troubles. My kidneys became normal and the pains andaches left. The endorsement I gaveDoan's Pills in January, 1912, stillholds good. I can only repeat thatthey are a fine kidney medicine.!'Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Earley had. FosteriMilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y.NOT SO STRANGE AFTER ALL.You may think it strange that somany people are cured of stomachtrouble, by Chamberlain's Tablets.You would not, however, if you shouldgive them a trial. They strengthenand invigorate the stomach and enable it to perform its functions naturally. Mrs. Rosie Rish, Wabash, Ind.,writes, "Nothing did me the leastgood until I began using Chamberlain's Tablets. It is decidedly thebest medicine for stomach trouble Ihave ever used." For sale by alldealers.(adv-augj,,-UAiOl 9D 9A-B9I SpUGJJJ Am JO GraoSeas o; uuad -e ireq; eioui oajS pjAiouji i -dBano ooj sreqj,, aopju'smjorrepl -aiTU exrj o spuajij XuBtf-raoooB oj usjAi oqM. suosjad oj sasprjjo ares eq; joj saujqirera ois-euuj-ituuad qjjAi peddmba uaaq ssq uorreBpsoiirej uopuoq; eas i eouarreaioo luaqj. osS o peoSEVERE ATTACK OFCOLIC CURED.E. E. Cross, who travels in Virginiaand other Southern States, was takensuddenly and severely ill with colic.At the first store he came to the merchant recommended Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy.Two doses of it cured him. No oneshould leave home on a journey without a bottle of this preparation. Forsale by all druggists.(adv aug.)The Bully and Reason.The bully depends on main strength.A bullying nation is as disgusting asa bullying man. A strong man, morally and physically, relies on his senseof justice, a strong nation has "a decent respect to the opinions of mankind," and will be as sensitive of itshonor in keeping its word, asan upright man in his dealings with,others. The bully will not reason.HOW TO CURE A SPRAIN.A sprain may be cured in aboutone-third the time required by theusual treatment by applying Chamberlain's Liniment and observing thedirections with each bottle. For saleby all dealers.(adv-aug)UMfc-iTQjSIri.i. rVir - .cfsv vzr -iw(Copyright, by McClure Syndicate.)Our Special Summer TrialCombination Bargain.(Good For the Months of July andAugust.)THIS TRIAL' OFFER INCLUDESTheBourbonNews-AND-Cincinnati WeeklyEnquirerBoth to January 1, 1915, For OnlyJCivilization's Advance.How timid and puny seem the oldtime roar of the ocean, the crowing ofroosters and the creak of farm wagonswhen nowadays, as we linger in somedistant caravansary, we recruit ourwasted energies on hesitation, ragtime, phonographs, telephone bellsand siren horns.THE TWENTY YEAR TEST."Some twenty years ago I usedChambelain's Colic, Cholera andDiarrhoea Remedy," writes Geo. W.Brock, pubilsher of the Enterprise,Aberdeen, Md. "I discovered that itwas a quick and safe cure for diarrhoea. Since then no one can sell meanything said to be 'just as good.'During all these years I have used itand recommended it many times, andit has never disappointed anyone."For sale by all dealers.(adv aug.)There is nothing new about theloose-jointed Tango and the shoot-the-moonMaxixe. They are the samedances you used to have to nav an v.I tra dime to witness when you wereaucucu xlllu me tent ui Liits vueen OIthe Turkish Harem at j the old-timestreet fair. ' ,93By special arrangement with TheCincinnati Weekly Enquirer we offerthe above liberal inducement to ourmany friends to subscribe. Thereare hundreds of citizens right in ourmidst who should be subscribers.Keep posted on all the doings inthis vicinity by subscribing for TheBourbon News. In addition you getone of the leading nationaT'Weekly"newspapers, each to January 1, 1915.Our readers will do us a personalfavor by calling the attention of theirfriends to " this trial offer. Invitethem-to take advantage of this combination before it is withdrawn. Remember this offer is positively notgood after August 31, 1914.A FURTHER INDUCEMENT Toany one taking advantage of theabove offer within the next THIRTYDAYS we will include a year's subscription to The Household Journal &Floral Life, which is a very interesting monthly magazine devoted to thefarm, flowers and home. Subscription price 25 cents per year,SUBSCRIBE TO-DAY BEFOREYOU FORGET.Call or mail all orders toTHE BOURBONiSTAPLE C& FANCY jGROCERIESALSOAll the VegetablesOf the Season:IOUR LINE OFCanned GoodsCannot Be ExcelledN. A. MOORE.Sauer's Old Stand0 W""!'. . . V 'GreatBargainSaleNowGoing On!Greater Bargains than youhave ever before heard of inParis.KINDLY CALL ATTwin li. Depanmeni Stoie,Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, KySafe InvestmentT-wixiBrosGivesladvice to all the people of Parisand Bourbon County to invest their moneyinsAClothing, Shoes,Hats, Gaps,Underwear, Etc.They will give you one hundred cents onthe dollar on your merchandise investment.Call in and see them.L. WOLLSTEIN, Prop.TO MAMMOTH CAVEAUGUST 25, 1914.LAST GREAT REDUCTIONRound trip railroad fare $5.55.Board at Cave Hotel including theseveral routes in the Cave for $6.50.Making the total cost for three daystrip $iz.i5; going on regular morning: trains. Limit on tickets 10 davs.Write or phone L. & N. Agent.Uly 3l-aug 7-14-JJl)When you run across one of thePests who has nothing to say. butwho holds yon up if or 'an hour whilehe says it. you, always wonder why.- utHandsome R e s i -denceFor Sale.My residence on Mt. Airy is forsale. One of the most modern homesm Paris. Every convenience. Prospective buyers are invited to inspectthe building and premises.(28jly-tf) MRS. M. A. PATONCottage Wanted.Modern cottafee of fiva or RixrnnmsWith, bath, and xas: close in. Ad-$AtAOLat te KCraers to ne says it, you, always wonder why ure - v --URBON NEWS, I you donThear of more cse,f juiti- " "ROBERT P. WALSHParis, Kentucky, flable homicide. - f : lk(auc-214t) - aft. Sttrlia, Ky., '4)mtuw - '"A..f CiL S.ti?'1HE OOURBON NfcWS, PARIS, flENTUCKY, AtfifI4S'XSMSNOTICE NOTICEICAISLOCAL OPTIONELECTIONThe undersigned Sheriff of Bourdon County gives notice that "the following order has been made by theBourbon County Court and a copy-thereof delivered to him, and that thelocal option therein provided for willbe held in accordance with said order,which is in words and figures as follows, to-wit:BOURBON COUNTY COURT.IX THE MATTER OPON PETITIONT. F. 3RANN0N AND OTHERS.LOCAL OPTIONELECTIONThe undersigned Sheriff of Bourbon County gives notice that the following order has been made by theBourbon County Court and a copythereof delivered to him, and that thelocal option therein provided for willbe held in accordance with said order,which is in words and figures as follows, to-wit:BOURBON COUNTY COURT.IN THE MATTER OFWM. MYALL, &c.ON PETITION.ORDERThis cause coming on to be heardupon the petition of T. F. Brannonand others asking for an election inthe City of Paris, Bourbon County,Kentucky, onSEPTEMBER 26TH, 1914,to take the sense of the legal votersof said City upon the propositionwhether or not spirituous, vinous,malt, or other ' intoxicating .liquorsshall be sold, bartered or loaned therein, and whether or not this propositionshall apply to druggists also, and thepetitioners have introduced proofshowing that there was Five Hundredand Eleven signers to said petition and that said Five Hundred andEleven constituted more than twentyfive per cent, of the votes cast in theCity of Paris at the last precedinggeneral election, and the said signers have introduced proof that eachand everyone of the signers to said petition were a citizen of the UnitedStates of America, and of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, and hadbeen a resident of the State of Kentucky for more than one year nextpreceding July 27th, 1914, the dayiipon which the petition herein wasfiled, and had been a resident ofBourbon County for more than sixmonths next preceding said date andiiad been a resident of their respective voting precincts in which they reside for more than sixty days nextpreceding said date, and that each ofsaid signers were at said date a legalvoter in his respective precinct, andthe court being advised it is orderedand adjudged that an election be heldin said City of Paris on Saturday,September 26th, 1914, to take thesense of the legal voters of the saidCity of Paris upon the propositionwhether or not spirituous, vinous,malt of other intoxicating liquorsshall be sold, bartered or loanedtherein and this law and prohibitionshall apply to druggisis also.W. F. Talbott, Sheriff of BourbonCounty, is directed to open a poll ineach precinct in the City of Paris onsaid date and for said purpose, andsaid Sheriff is directed to advertiseand publish this order in each issueof the Bourbon News for at least twoconsecutive weeks prior to the 26thday of September, 1914, the day uponwhich said election is to be held andlie will cause to be printed, said order,upon hand bills and he will post saidband bills at at least five conspicuousplaces in the City of Paris, and hewill cause said order to be publishedand said hand bills to be postedwithin seven days after he receives a copy of this notice. It isordered that a special registration beheld in the several precincts in theCity of Paris on the 18th day of September, 1914.Said election shall be held by suchofficers as are required to hold Countyelections, and they shall be selectedin the same way as officers are selected for the purpose of holdingCounty elections.A Copy Attest:PEARCE PATON, C. B. C. C.This cause comjng on to be heardand the court having heard proof andbeing advised, and this cause beingsubmitted for judgment, and it appearing jfi the court that the application herein is by written petition andthat the petition has been signed by anumber of legal voters of BourbonCounty equal to and exceeding 25 percent, of the votes cast in BourbonCounty at the last preceding generalelection, and it further appearing tothe court that each and all of saidsigners were and are citizens ofthe United States of America and ofthe Commonwealth of Kentucky andeach had been a resident of the Stateof Kentucky for more than one yearnext preceding the filing of the petition herein and that each had been aresident of Bourbon County for morethan six months next preceding saidr'ate, and that each had been a resident of his respective voting precinctin which he resides more than 60 daysnext preceding said date, and thateach and all of said signers was andwere at said date au.cr is and are legalvoters in their respective precincts,and all things appearing to the courtrequired or necessary to appear, toentitle the petitioners to the reliefherein granted, it is now ordered thatthe election prayed for be held inBourbon County on the day named inthe petition, to-wit:THE 28THDAY OF1914,SEPTEMBER,W BOOKT5rFind Remains of Aged WomanSurrounded by Pets.Family of Felines Attack Police WhenAttempt Is Made to RemoveCorpse Father Was at OneTime Cashier of a Bank.and the Sheriff 'of Bourbon County,who is appointed, authorized and directed to hold said election, is ordered and directed to open a poll at eachand all the voting places in saidCounty on said date for the purposeof taking the sense of the legal votersof the said County who are qualifiedto vote at elections for county officesupon the proposition whether or notspirituous, vinous or malt liquorsshall be sold, bartered or loanedtherein, the said law and prohibition to apply to druggists.The Sheriff of Bourbon County isdirected to advertise and publish thisorder at least once a week for at! least two weeks in the Bourbon Newsprior to the 28th day of September,1914, the day appointed upon whichsaid election is to be held, and he willcause to be printed said order uponhand-bills which he will post for thesame length of time as follows: Oneor more in two public and conspiciousplaces in each voting precinct inBourbon County and at such otherpublic and conspicuous places inBourbon County as the Sheriff in hisdiscretion may think proper, and hewill cause said publications to bemade within seven days after he receives a copy of this notice, by inserting same in newspapers and byhand-bills as aforesaid.It is ordered that a special registration be held in the several votingprecincts of the City of Paris on the18th day of September, 1914.Said election shall be held by sucnofficers as would be qualified to holdelections for county officers, and theyshall be selected in the same way.A Copy Attest:PEARCE PATON, C. B. C. C.Philadelphia. The body of an agedwoman, attired in a dirt-stained wrapper, lying within a circle of cats, wasfound by two special policemen whenthey entered an unkempt, dust-coveredfront room at 640 North Sixteenthstreet in answer to an anonymous telephone call.The cats were the only living beingsin the house, and the policemen wereforced to battle" with them before theycould move the body of the dead woman. Investigation showed that shewas Miss Sarah Lippincott Starr, seventy years old, who, with her sister,Victoria, and a horde of cats, had occupied the house for the last 12 years.Shortly after midnight Miss VictoriaStarr, who is sixty-eight years old,came upon her sister lying at fulllengthnear the cellar door on the firstfloor. She did not disturb her for several hours because she thought shewas sleeping.Later when she knew her sister tobe dead, she notified lier nephew,whose name, she says, is Walter Jordan. He called the policemen of theTwentieth and Buttonwood station.Miss Victoria was out when thepolicemen called.Police Surgeon John H. Egan foundthat the left arm was discolored amiswollen from an infected scratch onthe hand. Miss Victoria then returnedand explained that her sister hadpricked herself three days before witha needle but had refused to have medical aid."We never had a doctor in our livesand we weren't going to begin withthem," said the sister."We were a couple of regular oldmaids," she said complacently, "butnice ones," she added quickly. Andthen she lapsed into the present tenseas if her sister were still alive. "Welove animals, all kinds, birds, dogs,horses, snakes, but especially cats; O,I love 'em, that is, four-legged ones.But I don't like two-legged ones," shemumbled reflectively, and shook herhead decisively. "I like rats,.too. Thosein the cellar get many a scrap fromme. Sure I feed 'em, but I have trouble keeping the cats away. Well, I'mall alone now, except for the cats, butI'll scrape along, although money isscarce."Miss Victoria Starr is now the lastof the five children of Samuel Starr,who was the cashier, 25 years ago, ofthe Bank of, the Northern Liberties.The body of her sister, Sarah, was removed to the morgue. Doctor Egansaid the death was due to naturalcauses.LUKE iicLUKE SAY(Cincinnati-Ensuirer.)- Eevery woman is' quicto dettctFlattery when it is applied to someother woman.While a man may not openly regrefhaving married his wife, he often secrely wonders why he married her.The one good thing about everyman is his own opinion of himself.No real boy is ever tempted to stealthe sort of a dog that a woman carries around in her arms and kisses.What has become of the old-fashionedsouse who used to throw glassesthrough the mirror back of the bar?If the Wjeather Forecaster says itwill be fair to-morrow and a man betsthat it will rain and it does rain theman spends the next six months-ftTHE VfaDEWry&NGMAM MASMONJEY: N XXJK BANK FIRSTUe for Lily Leaves.A powder made from the leaves ofwater lilies is successful in makingvarious fabrics waterproof. The inventor of the powder noticing thatwater was not absorbed when it fellon the leaves, but slid off, conceivedthe Idea that the same substancewhich made the lily leaf waterproofmight be used, in connection with fabrics. The powder from the leaves ismixed with water, and the processconsists in immersing the fabric inthis mixture.Five of a June Morning.Got up before five and went downto replant corn. As I topped the hillthe crows flew off, cawing angrily."This is our time," they seemed tosay. Found hill after hill scratchedover and the sprouting corn scatteredabout. At 5 a. m. in June one hasthe weather of 9 a. m. in October orhigh noon in December. From "AFarmer's Note Book," by C. E. D.Phelps.Division of Labor.While it takes 40 persons to makea washboard, 120 to make a shoe,somewhere between fifty and sixty toconstruct a corset, a score or more tomanufacture a single pair of overalls,and equal numbers to produce othersimple articles in daily use, the taskof proportioning to the worker a fairwage for his or her exertions is notso simple a matter as some wouldhave us believe. But a fair divisionwould be a much, easier problem tosolve were each worker placed on anequality in bargaining.i - 3 JCIhl-mx BmLJKI H I lJm09Mt 'ft tflJB fr ' Wr 3 Jk flm-M f y J A jjffi J JWIt is the DUTY of a young man before he "pops thequestion" to pile up a snug little sum in the bank.The young man who banks his money gains fast in.the race for SUGGESS over the one who squanders his"entire income. He is the one who is trusted and taken into,PARTNERSHIP.We love to encourage young men to save their moneyand are always pleased to advise with them. ." - ,' Make OUR bank YOUR bank. 'We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings. 'DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPITAL $150,000.00SURPLUS 30,000.00STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY. ... 1 50,009.00! Protection io Depositors.. $330,000.60THIEVES LEAVE A MESSAGEOur Dwelling Place.The earth is not a place of atonement; it is that dwelling place of ourswhere we must toil for the achievement of the ideal truth and justicethe ideal of which the rudiments arehidden in every man's soul. MazzinLS. E. BEDFORD, President.C. rC THOMAS, ahirWALTER MARTINERNEST MARTINBones of Prehistoric Animals.Horn and bones of a wild ox andthe antler of a red deer, both prehistoric animals, have been found during dredging in the river Thames atMarlow, Buckinghamshire, England-Robbers Ask Postmaster to Keep NoMore Pennies as They WeighToo Much."Witness the hand of the undersigned Sheriff of Bourbon County.W. F. TALBOTT,Sheriff of Bourbon County, Kentucky.Branchville, N. J. When Postmaster William P. Ellett arrived at thepost office one morning recently hefound the interior in disorder and thefollowing sign painted on the back ofI a calendar hung over the safe: "Havea heart! "What's this place a kid'stoy bank? Wise up! Never keeppennies; they wejgh too much."A hurried investigation showed thatthe safe had been robbed of about twodollars, all in pennies, which had beenleft in a drawer at night, after all thesilver and bills had been taken homeby the postmaster. In a drawer abovethe one where the pennies were leftwas $8 worth of stamps, but thesewere left undisturbed. The robbersgained entrance by forcing the lock onthe front door.An Amateur."Some saintly folk in this town arealways throwing the game of pokerat our unoffending head," says a Georgia editor. "We want to say, oncefor all, that we don't know the game.If we had known it we'd be richer, atthis writing, by a house and lot, agold watch and chain, and' a real diamond stud."I NEW LIVERY STABLE !THE CASE OF L. U CANTELOUWitness the hand of the undersigned Sheriff of Bourbon County.W. F. TALBOTT,Sheriff of Bourbon County, Kentucky.I ill I mill I MSjjgjgS&S,5&-mm4BMountains of Western North Carolina"Land ot the Sky" "Sapphire Country"IDEAL VACATION REGIONSPECIAL VACATION FARESWednesday, August 19, 1914.ROUND TRIP FARES FROM LEXINGTON, KY.ASHEVILLE,N. C, AND RETURN $9.00HENDERSONVILLE, N. C, AND RETURN 10.00WAYNESVILLE, N. C, AND RETURN - 10.00LAKE T0XAWAY, N. C, AND RETURN- 11.00Tickets on sale Wednesday July 19. Good returninguntil September 3, 1914.Tickets good on CAROLINA SPECIAL leaving Lexington,Ky., 9:15 P. M.. also on all other regular trains August 19.DIVERSE ROUTEPrivilege of visiting Chattanooga (Historic Lookout Mountain) enrouteto or from final destination, $1.50 additional.BIG RATTLER CAUSES PANICHundreds Flee Philadelphia StationWhen the Reptile Appears Captured and Taken to Zoo.The case of L. L. Cantelou, Clamdon, Texas, is similar to tha of manyothers who have used Chamherlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy.He says, "After trying a doctor forseveral months, and using differentkinds of medicine for my -wife whohad been troubled with severe bowelcomplaint for several months, Ibought a 25c bottle of Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy.After using the second bottle she wasentirely cured." For sale by all dealers. (adv aug.)Scouring Paste.To make a good scouring mixturefor boards, work into a paste half apound of soft soap, half a pound ofsand and a quarter of a pound oflime. Put it on with a scrubbingbrush instead of soap, and then washoff with plenty of clean water.New Carriages, Buggies,Etc. Special Attention.Weddings, Funerals,Dances, EtcRunaboutsGiven toParties,Horses Boarded By Day, Week or loith!Hauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Transfer Busi-Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streetplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin. -jSgMARTIN BROS.Stables Eigth St, Main St.Both Phones.Philadelphia. Several hundred persons at the Broad street station of thePennsylvania railroad were thrown into a panic by the sudden appearanceof an eight foot diamond back rattlesnake. Accompanied by the ehrieksof frightened woman, commuters deserted the train shed and left the rattler in possession. Special officerscaptured the monster with a bag andtook it to the city hall, where it wasturned over to the zoological gardenauthorities. It is not known where thesnake came from, but it is believed itarrived here in a car load of tropicalfruitisLINEMAN ASLEEP ON POLEMany People in Oregon Town ThoughtThat He Had Been Electrocuted.SUMMER CONSTIPATIONDANGEROUS.Constipation in Summer-timemore dangerous than in the fall, winter or spring. The food you eat is often contaminated and is more likelyto ferment in your stomach. Thenyou are apt to drink much cold water, thus injuring your stomach.Colic, Fever, Ptomaine Poisoning andother ills are natural results. Po-Do-Laxwill keep you well, as it increasesthe Bile, the natural laxative, whichrids the bowels of the congested poisonous waste. Po-Do-Lax will makeyou feel better. Pleasant and effective. Take a dose to-night. 50cr atyour Druggist.(adv aug.)TTntil hfi ep.t.s nnfi wfirv man rr-agines he needs a wife.A man notices it, but it never occurs to woman that there are no suchanimals as the dames in the picturesin the up-to-date magazines.The best way to avoid Temptationis to mind your own business andkeep on traveling.A man will advise his wife to do asshe thinks best, and then go around jana Drag inai nis wue always acison his advice.The old-fashioned man who tried! toleave footprints on the sands otTimenow has a son who is trying to coverup his tracks.If you happen to admire a girl, sheis vivacious. If yoi don't like lieivshe is too blamed gabby.J1ELECTRICI ATTENTION, i IRONSDo You Know We Handlethe CelebratedATTRACTIVE STOP-OVERPRIVILGES.For full information and sleeping carreservations, apply to nearestTicket Agent,, orH. C. KING, Pass, and Ticket Agent,101 East Main St.,4 Lexington, Ky., Phone 49.W. A. BEOKLER, G. P. A.,. (td) Cincinnati .0.Pendleton, Ore. M. Morgan," a localtelephone lineman, caused a commotion at the intersection of Main andBluff streets when lie fell asleep at thetop of a telephone pole.Passersby, seeing the motionless figure of a man lying across the crossarm with arms and legs dangling inthe air, thought he had been electrocuted. When assistance arrived itwas found the man had merely beenlulled to sleep by the warm buH; Htibelt prevented his falling.yta. Fet wtie SistSo Vw- ftiHr Wmn.v i zoi v,v,v&, - .i uonnDetroit JewellGas Stoves & Ranges'$fMCome and See. OurPrices Are Eight.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.ffeTry Us.SPICER&GILGHRISTELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phonc101Phone us to-dayto send an ElectricIron on trial and seewhat a difference itmakes on next ironing day.PARIS GAS ftELECTRIC CO.Incorporated."X - JT:-rk1CN.O.&T.p.RY.)ANDSOUTHERN RAILWAY.ISC.-1C'A '.(Copyright, by McClura gadlct.)-"."" &t;"rC;KVh vi'-. k t -v&ai " . 'v'WHt V r;. i ;V3.l VjV-&ij. , " v j ?- M A v iv".V ? i Jf "-."Vh ".-A rr '- Z W'i-VV-v."?'ty'Jj,iSTHE BOURBON . NEW PARISH ;, AUGUST ,18 1914$40,000 STOCE TO BE SOLD QUICK!ft9mftftfti. OFF1NOW GOING ON!tI,25:EEJ,CE3JrTrEvery article in our immense stock will be sold at one-fourth off for CASH. We want to reduce the stcck and at the sametime RAISE CASH. This big reduction is mede on everything except diamonds. .A rare chance to save money onWatches, Rings, Silverware, Novelties, Clocks, Bronze Statuary, Purses, Umbrellas,irvfact, everything goes in this sale. Remember you can't buy the WINTERS kind of jewelry exept at WINTERS' STORE, thestore with a reputation.Every thins MarkedINPlain Figures!1U. WINTERS CO25 Per Cent OffFORParis, Kentucky.WMiaiumWwftftftftftftftftftftftftftNEWS OF MILLE1B0RGMr. John Shea is slightly improved. -sMr. J. J. Peed continues verymuch the same.Elizabeth, the little daughter ofMr. and Mrs. J. C. Head, is very ill.Mrs. Overby, of Fleming County,is the guest of her daughter, Mrs.Earl Barton.Mr. and Mrs. E. V. Hawkins leftSunday for a visit to friends at Warrensburg, Mo.Mr. T. A. Viinorit, of Paris, is the'.guest of his cousin, Mr. Claude Viniont and family.Miss Hicks, of Broadwell, is theguest of her brother and sister, Mr.and Mrs. J. P. Hicks.Mrs. William Letton, of Atlanta,Ga., is the guest of her mother-in-law,Mrs. Jennie Letton.A. S. Smedley returned Saturdayafter a ten-days' visit to relatives atHutchison and Lexington.Judge T. P. Wadell left Friday fora two-weeks' fishing toru on Cumberland River, near Pineville.Mr. and Mrs. Claude Vimont leftSunday for a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Owen itatliff, in Sharpsburg.Mrs. L. T. Vimont, of Newport, isat the bedside of her brother, Mr.John Shea, who is critically ill.Miss Ellen Clarke left Sundtay fora visit to her uncle, Mr. EmbryEvans, and family, in Cincinnati.Mr. Robert Fissett and familyleft Monday ,for their home in Maysville, after a visit of several days toMr. and Mrs. A. S. Best.Collier,ents, Mr. and Mrs. N .F.from Saturday until Monday.Mrs. C. D. Mastin and sister, Mrs.Arnold Case and daughter, the lattertwo of Detroit, Michigan, are guestsof Mrs. Jos. Insko. in Lexington.Mises Mabel and Elizabeth Conway left Saturday lor their home atAtlanta, Ga., after a month's visit totheir uncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. C.W. Corrington.Col. W. M. Layson and grandson,Mr. J. V. Layson, and granddaughter,Miss jLavina 'Layson, are spendingtwo weeks at Niagara aiis, ana 10ronto, Canada.Mrs. Mattie Jones, son and daughter, Mr. George Morton Jones, andMiss Martha Coleman Jones, are visiting relatives at Claysville, Brooksville and Maysville.The little son of Mr. and Mrs.Bruce McMahan, who was operatedon at St. Joseph Hospital, in Lexington, for appendicitis about ten daysago by Dr. Barrow, will return hometo-day, much improved.The young folks enjoyed a jollyhay ride to Paris, Friday night. Itwas in honor of Miss Mabel Conway,of Atlanta, Ga., niece of Mrs. C. W.Corrington. The young folks enjoyed a delightful lunch at the Kid StoutCafe.Mrs. Frank Holder, of Cincinnati,Ohio, arrived Saturday and will makeher future home in Millersburg. Herhusband, Mr. Holder, is identifiedwith the barber shop of Mr. J. R.Tankersley. Mr. and Mrs. Holderwill reside with Mr. and Mrs. Tankersley. Mrs. J. Clarke Leer and little son,James Billy, were at the bedside ofMrs. Cray, at the home of Mr. W. S.Judy, at Lexington, from Friday until Monday. Mr. Cray also was atuntil Monday. Mrs. Cray is doingnicely, and hopes to be able to return home within the next ten days.Dr. and Mrs. Lloyd Long, of Chicago, 111., are guests of his father,Mr. J. R. Long. Mr. and Mrs. Longwere united in marriage last February, and left at once for an extendedtour of Europe. They are now ontheir return to their home in Chicago.Dr. Long occupies one of the chairsin the Northwestern University ofthat city.$1.00 FOR 75 CENTS.Winters' fine values 1.00's worthfor 75c. (tf) JSTOCK AND FARM NOTES.SOCIAL ANNews of- Escondida.Mrs. Thompson, of Winchester,is visiting the Brooks family thisweek.Mr. Forest Brooks has left forSwango Springs, "where he will spenda few weeks for his health.Mr. and Mrs. Everett ons, ofLexington, spent Saturday and Sunday with the latter's parents.The protracted meeting held byRev. Mangum closed Sunday. Mr.Newton Shropshire is now holdinghis services.Misses Georgia and Katie Brooksand their guest, Miss Sue Butler,spent the' day recently at the homeof Mrs Claude Lowe.W. D. Mclntyre, of Millersburg, ibought two car loads of lambs fromW. W. Rigg, of; Nicholas county, ,last weelc, at 7 cents per pound.During this season the firm ofMclntyre & Moffett, of Millersburg,have bought and shipped six thousand lambs that cost them 6 to 8 centsthe pound.Warlther bridges ,of Mt. Sterlingsold recently to Mr. George Priest,of New York, a nice walk-trot mareby Highland Gay for $400. She issaid be a fine prospect for theshow rings.At McKee Bros.' sale of boars,sftws )and giltjs, held in Woodfordicounty, 56 head averaged $107.50.The Defender boars averaged $135The broods" sows averaged $150. Thesales amounted to $6,020.H. S. Caywood, of near NorthMiddletown, has purchased severalhundred head of fat cattle in Montgomery county during the past weekat prices ranging from $8 to $8.25per hundred pounds.Caywood & McClintock, of Paris,shipped two loads of fat cattle tothe New York market last week. Thesame firm also shipped two doubledeck cars to New York on Saturday.One of the cars were shipped fromParis, and the other from Austerlitz.D PERSONALFOR RENT.Mr. and Mrs. Comer and littleson, of Paris, were guests of her par- the bedside of his wife from SaturdayGO TO WINTERS'.J Go to Winters' for good value goods.The store room on Main Street recently occupied by Prichard & BallGarage. Apply to(aug4tf) PRICHARD & BALL.DONT M'vI mfcI GREATTHE8 4 x "pi I 13 '1-VIBig Money-Saving Opportunilies at OurCash Raising Sale. Men's, Women'sand Children's High Grade Shoesat Less Than Cost Price.These Exeedingly Low Prices Are Prevailing.8( Ii IILadies' White Canvas Shoes andBaby Doll Pumps, $3.00 values, at $1.49Ladies' Patent Colt or Dull KidBaby Doll Pumps, $3.50 values,at $1.99 and $1.49Ladies' Wh'te Canvas ColonialPumps, Best Makes, $3.00 values at $1.99 and $1.49Ladies' Colonial Pumps, FrenchHeel $3.00 Values.. $1.99 and $1.49Ladies' Colonial Pumps, miloShoes, $5.00 values. .$2.99 and $2.49Lad'es' Kid Oxfords, $2.50 valuesat $1.49Lad'es' Suede Button Oxfords,$5.00- values, at $1.99Ladies' Suede 2-Strap Pumps,$3.00 values, at $1.49Ladies' Gun Meta1! Oxfords, $2.00values, at '. 99cMen's Walk-Over Oxfords, $4.50values at $2.99Men's Tan Rubber Sole Oxfords,$4.00 values, atf $2.49Men's Tan and BlackRubber SoleOxfords, Goodyear Welts, $4.50values, at $2.99Men's Tan and Gun Metal EnglishLast, Shoes and Oxfords, ofthe Beacon Make, $4.50 vailues, at $3.49Men's Tan and Biack Oxfordsand Shoes, all Lasts, of the Famous Walk-Over Make, Bestvalues, at $4.00 and $3.50Men's Tan Vici Oxfords, BroadToe, Best for Comfort, $4.00values, at $2.99Men's Oxfords and Shoes of thebest Makes, $3.00 values $1.99Boys' Gun Metal Shoes and Oxfords, $3.00 values ..$1.99 and $1.49Misses and Children's High Grade Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps in allleathers and styles at the lowest prices- Barefoot Sandals and OutingShoes at Sale Prices. Don't miss this moneysaving opportunityrIDnL3srOHENShoe Store .mLMisses Soule and Helen Davisare visiting relatives in Richmond, jMr. John Welsh, of Cincinnati,was a visitor in Paris, Sunday andMonday.Mrs. Dora Alexander has returned from a visit to Mrs. Thos. Mulliken, in Ewing.Mrs. Pearl Cram has as guesther brother, Mr. John G. Brooks, ofPhoenix, Arizona.Miss Mabel Robbins has returned from a visit to Miss Bessie Talbott, in Cynthiana.Mrs. Thos. Helm Clay left 'Thursday for a visit with friends in Louisville and Columbus, Ohio.Misses Marie Scott and NanearlMcPherson, of Scott avenue, are visiting relatives in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Woodall havereturned from an .extended visit toGalveston and Pans, Texas.Miss Anna Bads Peed has returned from a visit with Miss NellieLou Robards, in HarrodsburgMrs. S. B. Berry, of Cynthiana,is visiting her sister, Mrs. Jas. D.Burnaw,-on South Main street.Miss Phoebe Day has returned toWinchester after a visit with MissAnna Louise White, in Bourbon.Mr. William Preston White isvisiting his grandparents, Mr. andMrs. W. O. Brock, in Winchester.Mrs. Harvey Hibler and daughter, Miss Anna Hibler, are visitingMrs. Otto Herreschol, in Edgerton,W. Va.Misses Eileen Schwartz and Margaret Shea returned Saturday nightfrom a delightful trip to MackinacIsland.:Mr. Frank O'Neail has rentedthe residence of Mrs. Camilla Wilson, on High street, and will moveto it from his present residence onStoner Avenue, about Sept. 1. Mrs.Wilson will go to New York to reside with her son, Mr. Seymour Wilson. The following from a distanceattended the funeral of Mr. HowardLancaster, Thursday afteifcoon:Mrs. R. B. Elliott, Mr. and Mrs. H.C. Lancaster, Mr. Eev Lloyd, Mr.and Mrs. Miller and son, Mr. JosephLancaster, all of Lexington, Mr.John L. Lancaster, of Brooksville,and Mr. Robert Baker, of Flemingsburg. miss Elizabeth Kenney entertained with a party at 'the AlamoTheatre last night in Honor of herguest, Miss Katherine Patrick, ofHartwell, Ohio. The guests wereMisses Katherine Nooe, .of Louisville,Ada Wilson, of Walnut Hills, Cincinnati, Ruby Mangum, Margaret Petree, Lillian Dejarnett, Carrie Rose,Lona McCord, Mary and CharlotteCram, Mary Clark, Louise, Katherineand Elizabeth Kenney.One of the most delightful evenings of the week was spent at thecountry home of Misses Mattie andMinerva Neal on the Clintonvillepike, given in honor of their guest,Miss Elizabeth Fitzgerald, of Jacksonville. Cards and dancing wereenjoyed, after which ices and cakeswere served. Those present were:Misses Fitzgerald, Mary Lou Rice,Frederica Snell, Minerva Rice,Allene Neal, Mattie Neal, EthelRice, Minerva Neal, and Messrs.Larue Rankin, Chas. and Oscar Ashcraft, Harry Speakes, Tom Tooheyand Willis Jacoby.The "Heard About Town" column in the Lexington Herald hasthe following regarding well-knownex-Parisians: N"Mr. D. Harold Johnson, a promnent business man of Columbus, O.,has been spending a few days in thecity with friends. Mr. Johnson wasborn at Millersburg, secured part ofhis early training at Paris, and thenremoved toMt. Sterling, where henarrowly escaped becoming wealthyin the life insurance business. Fromthere he went to Columbus aboue fiveyears ago. Mr. Johnson is recoveringfrom an attack of appendicitis, whichhas kept him from his duties for fifteen weeks. He expects to returnto Columbus about Sept. 1.""Mr. W. B. Hutchison, who is thewindow trimmer for a number ofprogressive Lexington retail' stores,has returned from the convention ofthe National Window Trimmers' Association in Chicago. Mr. Hutchinsonsaid that the best ideas of the advertising managers and window trimmers of , the biggest retail houses inNew York, Chicago, Philadelphia andother cities took an active part in thpconvention, vand save the hundreds ofretail nateo. from 'all parts of thcountry the benefit of their broad experience." Mrs. Rebecca Rudisill and niece.Miss Ethel Freeman, are at OilSprings, in Clark county, for a fev,days stay.Mr. and Mrs. James R. Stiversand Miss Hattie McDowell have returned from a visit to relatives inMt. Olivet.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcrafthas returned from a visit to heraunt, Mrs. James C. Dedman, inCynthiana.Mr. H. S. Redmon and son, ofNorth Middletown, have returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. R. M. Jackson,Jr., in London, Ky.Mrs. William H. Fisher, who hasbeen in the Massie Hospital for thepast two weeks, has returned to herhome, greatly improved..Mrs. J. Frank Trisler anddaughter, Miss Marjorie, have returned from a visit, to Mr. and Mrs.Harry Booth, in Louisville.Mrs. Ella Randall, of Nashville,Tenn., is a guest of her brother, Mr.C. A. Duncan, on Second street, forthe remainder of the summer.Mr. and Mrs. Houston Rion willleave to-day for a trip to Buffalo,Niagara Falls, New York, Philadelphia and other Eastern points of interest. Messrs. John Stiarty vTohn Ardery, Joe Davis, Edward Spears andMiss Matilda James will attend thedance to be given in Cynthiana,Thursday evening.Mrs. Mary Rose and daughter,Miss Jessie Rose, and son, Mr. Robt.Rose, have returned from a visit torelatives in Harrison county.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Farris arehost and hostess to Mr. JamesWorld and daughter-in-law,, Mrs.Harry World, of Columbus, Ohio.Mr. and Mrs. T. Philip Terry left'Thursday morning for their homenear Boston, Mass., after a visit withMr. Terry's sisters, the Misses Terry,on Main street.Mr. Davd Bachrach, of Little,Rock, Ark., is here as a guest of hiswife, who has been visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Louis Wollstein,on Pleasant street.Mr. Ernest Darnaby, of Clintonville, will entertain with a dancingpart' in honor of Mr. Win. RenickSmith, of Dallas, Texas, to-night, athis country home.There will be a Wright's Saxaphone Trio Dance at Masonic Templeon Friday night, August 28th.Messrs. Ireland Davis and LucienArnsparger are the promoters.Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Brock andchildren, Misses Viola and AnnaBelle, have returned to their home inWinchester, after a two-weeks' visitwith Mr. and Mrs. Frank White, nearthis city.Misses Elizabeth and Nell Crutcher will entertain with a dancing partyat the home of Dr. and Mrs. FrankFithian, to-morrow evening, in honorof their guests, Miss Adeline Wiseman, of Danville; Miss MarthaSparks, of Mt. Vernon, and MissEllen Cochran, of Maysville.Mrs. Fannie Burris, accompaniedby Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Mathers, ofCarlisle, are visiting Mrs. Chas. H.North, daughter of the latter, atCamden, N. J. While gone they willvisit Atlantic City, Washington andother Eastern cities, and will be absent several weeks.Other Personals on Page 5)PROPERTY CHANGES.Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Burke have rented the bTick cottage of Miss RebeccaDoehrer, on High street, and willmove to it about Sept. 1, from theShipp property which they are nowoccupying.Dr. D. S. Henry has sold to Mr.Erastus Bowles, of the L. & N., afour-room cotage on Henderson streetat a private figure.Mr. J. Morgan Brown has begunthe erection of a modern bungalow onthe lot on Mt. Airy avenue adjoiningthe residence of Mr. and Mrs. GeoStuart. Mr. W. S. Hughes has purchasedthe interest of Mr. R. W. Strother inthe general merchandise business ofStrother & Booth, at Black'sCross Roads. He will assume chargeof the business, which will be conducted under the firm name ofHughes & Booth.Mr. Logan Howard's new cottage-on Cypress street, which will be completed in a few days, has been rented by Mr. Taylor Chandler, of the L.S N., who has been living in Liringston ,for some time, and- who ligtsbeen- transferred to Paris. Mr.JjLdMrs.. Chandler have taken rmmm'porarily with "Mr. Roaforiji, 00. Ploaiaat street.. I , J.Uv&&.:&