i ' .,r --inc."?-,jr.PUBLISHED EVEBY TUESDATv'AHD FRIDAY IN THE YEAB"VOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1914.-n:ng of the localtobacco warehouse.NEW DEVELOPMENTS INTHE QUARANTINE SITUATIONpy,Vith the receipt of several largeon loads of tobacco Tuesday, andral more crops on Wednesday, theal season at the Bourbon Tobaccoj-ehouse Company's plant was indurated and the prospects seem-""lit for a successful sales season.Pepper & Ellis sent in the first con-- .-anient of the weed for Saturday'sm( being twenty-five baskets of to-rco of a medium good quality, a"nd-c-t on sent in two more big loads..s lias been previously announcedhe Paris papers the first sale will, held at the Warehouse on Southt n street to-morrow, and the workDreparing for the event has beenvely under way all this week, withresult that when Auctioneer Clayjnts the block for the first offeringsrything will be in readiness.ving to the large acreage of the. .,-d produced in this county this sea--, . and to the fact that the pricesJoived last season by this companye entirely satisfactory, it is con-ntly expected that the sales this.-r will mount up to or possibly ex-. 1 8,000,000 pounds.1ie local house will be under the- 4e capable management as last'r, Mr. John T. Collins being re-- .ed in his capacity as manager,r ) clerical force will consist of Mr.i rest Day, weigher; John Spears,-kkeeper; Walter Payne, Garretterson, John M. Clay and H. C.lley, the office force.number of important additionse been made to the plant in order4 landle the crop with more celeritythoroughness. The sales floor"- been enlarged 25x150 feet and a- iber of skylights have been added..-pecial room has been built for theinstruction of tobacco hogsheads,-- an order has been placed with thelington Tobacco Hogshead Co. for- , thousand hogsheads. By the addi-- -i of this room it has been madeVsible to separate that department:- m the prizing rooms, and in thisif provide additional room for the.r:ing." buyers for the big tobacco houses- e already shipped their supplies to-" Bourbon house, and it is -evident- - they intend to buy in larger quan: -s it seems that the season willVaer ie seems that the season will"p-n under more favorable auspices;;- a last season. m"he following buyers have signified- r intention to be present Satur-Ir. Glenn, representing the Ameri-Tocacco Company.Tr. Berry, representing the It- J-2-Voids Tobacco Company."VIr. Stevenson, representing the J.Tavlor Tobacco Company.r.S. K. Nichols, representing theett & Myers Tobacco Company."The T. S. Hamilton Company, of-innati, also nouneu me iu" "s- ment that a representative would."- nresent Saturday,besides the above representatives-he big tobacco manufacturers, a-iber of buvers for the smaller toco companies will also be present.- addition to the regular buyers,- following Superintendents of buy--.will attend the opening sale: Mr.- -odore Kirk, of Cincinnati, of the: t Revnolds Co.; Mr. Graves, of theerican Tobacco Co.; Mr. Miller, of.J. P. Taylor Co., and Mr. Coleman,f -he Liggett & Myers Co.?-jme dealers say that "houseburn. nuch in evidence in most of theicco delivered, due to the fact thatarge percentage of the tobacco nowig sold comes from the bottom- s in the barns, which would natllv be most affected by the badtlier conditions which prevailed--- after the, crop was cut and 3Jist.lining to cure. Also the yield tins:r was much larger than usual, anairge majority of farmers were seri-lv pushed for house room and torc-1 :o cure a part of their crop in sheds- stalls or almost any available'nfortunately the season was none- , srood for curing in properly contacted barns and very bad for that.ch was not taken care of to tne- advantage.FOR HOLIDAY GIFTS.Nothing more suitable for holiday-s than pictures, frames, Cranes.- -tionerv, novelties Christmas cards,'ter seals, boxes, etc. We have al dutiful assortment of the above.27-tf) PARIS BOOK CO.-EALTH AND WELFARE LEAGUE.'Jl members of tlie Bourbon County- alth and Welfare League are urg--lvrequested to be present at theeting to be held in the County Court".Dm at the court house this afternoon-- 2:30 o'clock. The League would je-ratified to receive donations of bed--g, cr of clothing for men, women. i children, with the assurance to- donors that these donations willapplied to cases of actual need inweather. These donations maysent in the afternoon at 20'lock to the Leader's rooms on West" enth street.FECIALS FOR FIRSTWEEK IN DECEMBER.strictly hand-painted plates, 25c;- i cut glass tumblers, 10c..;i) FORD & CO..POINTED ADMINISTRAi RIX.-s. Birdie Clay Webb lias been ap- -red by County Judge- C. A. Mcv 'an as administratrix of the estateor her late husband, Mr. Washington' b, who died at his home in thisnty last 'week. Mrs. Webb qualified'i the sum of ?1,000, with lier sisterh'w, Mrs. Mollis Webb Barlow, as-'"ray.The hoof and mouth disease hasdeveloped among the cattle of Mr.Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., on the Winchester pike, infection having beendiscovered among a herd of 93 cattle.Mr. Clay has 900 cattle on his. farm,1,500 sheep and 500 hogs.On Wednesday County Judge C. A.McMillan received the following instructions from J. W. Newman, theChairman of the Livestock SanitaryBoard:"Poultry may be moved from nonquarantined farms in the county, provided their feet and bills are disinfected with proper disinfectant forthat purpose and moved in disinfected coops. Coops to be used to bedisinfected before' and after using."Hay can be moved from non-quarantinedfarms provided it is harvested before Aug. 1, and baled prior toOctober 1. and if it has not been inj contact with any live stock."Hogs can be moved from non-quarantinedfarms for immediate slaughter within the county, provided theyare moved in disinfected wagons.Wagons to be disinfected Before andafter using. Cannot be driven at all.No ban on horses to be moved out ofthe State provided they are shippedin disinfected cars. Horses and carsboth to be disinfected."REAL CHILIWe make and sell only the genuineChili Con Carne. The real Chilibeans and Mexican recipe used.Served steaming hot at all hours.(It) JAS. E. CRAVEN.ADJUDGED INSANE.Mr. Walter Browning, a former resident of Paris, a son of Mrs. MaryBrowning, on High street, was triedon a lunacy charge before Judge Chas.A. McMillan in the County Court yesterday afternoon.Mr. Browning, who was an expertengineer, had been .suffering fromnervous troubles for some time, andhad been under the care of a physicianin Cincinnati, where he -had been employed. He returned o Paris sometime ago. His hallucination took theform of a haunting fear of being assassinated and he applied to the policefor protection, under the impressionthat an enemy whom he could notname, was pursuing liim trying to murder him.The jury empaneled in the case returned verdict adjudging Browniny-tobe of unsound mind. He will betaken to the Lexington Hospital forthe Insane to-day.Browning's case seems to be one ofnervous prostration due to overworkand worry. He has the reputation ofbeing an expert mechanic and posses-ed more than ordinary mechanicalI ability.The case against Mike Shea, on astatutory charge was set for trial atten o'clock this morning.WINTERS' AUCTION TO-DAY.Don't fail to attend the auction saleto-day at Winters'. Every article ofjewelry in this high-class store, diamonds excepted, is being sold to thehighest bidder. Two sales daily at2:30 p. m. and 7:30 p. m.BRING IN YOUR COPYFOR CHANGES EARLY.Owing to the pressure upon our advertising columns due to the near approach of the holiday season, Ave wishto impress upon our advertisers theabsolute necessity of sending in theircopy for change of advertisements atthe very earliest moment. Copy forchanges must be in this office onTuesdays, Fridays and Saturdays.Merchants can easily find time tohave their copy ready for the Tuesdayand Friday issues BEFORE THE DAYm? PUBLICATION. This is absolutelyimportant. Delays in this particular jentail a decided hardship on the me- jchanical department or any pstijei.Bring in your copy early. Let ushav some benefit of the "early" movement, too!CUMBERLAND TELEPHONE CO.TO HAVE EXCHANGE QUARTERS.Mr. J. R. Miller, Assistant GeneralForeman for. the Cumberland Telenimno A Teiesranh Company, is pro-gressing nicely with tne worK prepar -atory to moving the exchange quar-i'"--" w - . . iatory to moving the exchange quarters of that company Somite presentlocation at the corner of Fourth andAfnin streets, to the new exchangequarters in the Odd Fellows' buildingon the corner of Fifth .and MainThe entire plant will be overhauledand put in first-class condition, doing awav with all open wire troublesand insure a service which will be farsuperior to any telephone servicewhich the citizens of Paris have everenjoyed ' U)fire, wind and lightning 5n-s ura nee.Thomas,Woodford & BryanWINTERS' AUCTION TO-DAY.Don't fail to attend the auction saleto-day at Winters'. Every article ofjewelrv in this high-class store, diamonds' excepted, is being sold to thehighest bidder. Tw sales daily at2:30 p. m. and 7:30 . m.BOY WANTED.WANTED Youhg man with experience in grocery business. . Apply atUt). BUSY BEE CASH STORE.TAX ON TELEGRAMSMUST BE PAID IN CASHThe one cent war ta"x on telegramsis to be paid in cash by the sender tothe companies, as the United Statesgovernment nas not issued a specialrevenue stamp for this purpose.Manager John McDermott, of the local office of the Postal Telegraph &Cable Company, clears the matter upin the following communication toThe News:"The Bourbon News, - JParis, Ky."It has come to my attentionthat a great many of our patrons areunder the impression that the war .tax on telegraph messages is to be 1nnifl hv tVio frtvprntnpnt ravonup fstamps being affixed to telegrams.this is an error, ana revenue stampscannot be accepted for tax on telegraph messages. Tlic law requiresthat we collect on behalf of the government a tax of one cent in additionto regular charges from persons paying for the message and the Postal inturn is to pay the tax to the government. Therefore, we are compelledunder the law to colect a tax in cashand cannot accept revenue stamps inlieu. There are no stamps issued bythe government intended for telegrams. "Customers having regular accounts with us will be billed one centextra for each telegram on their itemized statement, and can settle for thetax together with their regular account at th& end of each month."HEAVY FOG OVER CITYCAUSES SOME DISCOMFORTA heavy fog, which was not dissipated until a late hour on the following morning, gathered over Paris onTuesday night, and rapidly became sodense that it was impossible to seedials on" the court house clock, andthe street lamps a square away couldnot be distinguished only a' confusingblurred appearance " indicating theirlocation. Belated pedestrians losttheir way. and no doubt many a Patis"hubby" took advantage of the fog ito make his tardy appearance in thewee small hours of the morning andtell friend wifey that he couldn't tellwhat time to come home.It was one of the heaviest fogs thatParis has seen in recent years. Thefog was the result of the past two orthree days of inclement weather,although a stranger in the city mightwell have imagined that forest fireshad been raging on the outskirts ofthe city.WH'lLE THEY LAST.Barnev & Berry Ice Skates,50;Steel Wheel Roller Skates, 85c.(tf) lTORD & COTHIS WILL GREATLYRELIEVE THE MATTERS.WASHINGTON, Dec. 3. The Agricultural Department :s expected soonto issuet hree orders, the first ofwhich will Ijft the foot-and-mouth disease quarantine in Kentucky countieswhere no infection exists; the secondorder will permit shipment of cattlewhere inspection has been made, andthe third will provide that the quarantine remain in force where foot-and-mouthdisease exists.DIES FROM EXPOSURE. .John McElhaney, aged 60 years, whowas arrested here last August and returned to Cynthiana by Sheriff John'Stewart, of Harrison county, on astatutory charge, died in the Harrisoncounty jail Monday, after an illnessof several weeks.When Jailer Green called at McElheny's cell with his breakfast theprisoner was found dead. His deathwas pronounced due to apoplexy, superintended by natural causes.WAR REVENUE STAMPSMUST BE ON DOCUMENTS.Commencing December, 1, it willbo the. duty of every railroad, steamboat company, express company, etc.,to issue to shippers from whom anygods are accepted for transportation where charge exceeding fivecents is made, a' bill of lading, manifest, or other evidence or receipt andsuch shipper, consigner, agent, or per.smi shall diilv attach and cancel, toeach bill of lading a stamp of the value of 1 cent. The law provides that, j . affix and cancei the stamp Iv ST)ecial internal revenue stampinternal revenue stampi The ordinary postage"" . nnf ,,stamp will not do.THAT BIG CHEESE.We have the only cheese in Paris.(It) x C. P. COOK & CO..Bankruptcy petitionreferred to referee.The petition in involuntary bankruptcy filed by the Security TrustCompany, of Lexington, and othersagainst R. B. Hutchcraft; of Paris, onthe 2nd day, of November last, hasbeen referred by TL S. District Courttn TTnn. A. M. Cox. referee in bankruptcy, of Cynthiana, to hear proofand report upon the issue made oyivir.Rntrfinraft as' to whether or not he isji nerson enlaced chiefly in farming orthft till n ere of the soil and therefore,not a subject for bankruptcy underthe bankrupt laws of the UnitedStates. The proof will be heard bythe referee in Paris and report withinthe next thirty days.FOR XMAS.Buy him a suit or overcoat. Theseare sensible gifts that a man reallyenjoys.citvJ. W.' DAv'IS & CO.iviiccneii a ttiaKemoresfjiIWARMitchell & Blakemore,IThe Store for Men's Styles'ti BALDWIN'S !SpecialsDressedTurkeysDressedBroilersDressed HensOysterseleryHead and Curly LettuceCranberriesauliflowrPecan CakesFruit CakesHeinz's PlumPudding andMince MeatCountry ClubCakes andJelly RolloooooootO-BALDWIN BROS.KING!Read Every Word ofOur Page oAd. InThis Issue OfThe Bourbon News!FRANKSpec40 SUITSin Ladies' and Misses Sizes,newest styles and materials,all colors, formerly" sold at$25.00 and $20.00,CHOICE NOW$15.00Alterations Free.; -rvFRANKThe Store Where4ftt935fParis, Kentucky& CO.jalf& CO.ReliabilityReigns.-,ivSv.sN1 , rV'tr-rt"-vv$M.., rV. ,f-i y1 sSrV,A-..mTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. DECEMBER 4, 1914-. t ? IrvwM 1iAr j3y?04-jvery Dusiness mau u.uuo u ""-""1 J" -T Xt. nAniMMlnfAn rtfoi nis aesK iree iroiu me attuuiuwuuu i uww.coo w .v.ly w-ww,..w -howdifficult it is to keep her home free from the accumulation oi all mannerof useless things. So it is with the body. It is difficult to keep it free from theaccumulation of waste matter. Unless the waste is promptly eliminated the machinery of the body soon becomes clogged. This is the beginning of most human ills.DR. PIERCE'SGOLDEN MEDICAL DISCOVERYOn Tablet or Liquid Form)Assists the stomach in the proper digestion of food, which is turned into healthsustaining blood and all poisonous waste matter is speedily disposed of through"Nature's channels. It makes men and women clear-headed and able-bodied restoresto them the health and strength of youth. Now is the time for your rejuvenation.Send 50 cents for a trial bdx of this medicine.Send 31 one-cent steaaps for Dr. Pierce's Common Scnso MedicalAdviser 1008 pages worth $2. Always handy in case of family illnessAfidre7 v. Y.n. 1The Bourbon NewsEstadtished tS8l 32 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the lans, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.-Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per-inch for first time; 50 pents per inch-each subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candi--dates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedio decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue."Noblesse Oblige."None of us have a right to look withb contempt upon those who have reccivpd less than ourselves. Theold motto of chivalry, "noblesseoblige' should be the motto of allwho by money or social position orsome special talent have an advantage over their fellows. These whow acknowledge the obligation therebyprove their nobility.Siberian Fur Products.More than four million. five hundredthousand gray squirrels were killedlast year in Siberia fpr their fur. Thetails alone weighed more than twenty-onetons. The animal figuring nextin number in the fur trade of .AsiaticRussia, in point of numbers, was thewhite hare, which contributed 1,500,,000. vr Mary's Difficulty.Little Mary was absent from herseat in school and' sent no excuse.The teacher, in questioning some ofMary's playmates, was told that thereason Mary was not in her place was" 'cause she has a noise." Inquiry developed that "Mary has adenoids."The yalus of a Smile.It is not' many words but much loving that we need in order to findhealth, happiness and success. Studythe art of smiling; the honey of asmile catches more hearts than thepepper of a sneer, or the vinegar of afrown. Smile, and keep on smiling.Keeping Burmese River In Check.One of "the world's largest retaining,walls has been built to prevent theJtiver Rangoon, Burma, from shiftingits channel.Mr, Phillips had Stomach Trouble for Morethaii Five Years,,Mr. W. H. Phillips, Jr., 139 loreland Ave., Atlanta, Georgia, writes:"1 .had the catarrh and stomachtrouble for more than iive years, andJ faithfully tried all the medicines Isaw advertised, -and found they allfailed to cure me. I then heard ofPeruna. I purchased six bottles, andafter their use I soon discovered thatI was well, safe and sound. I nowweigh two hundred and ten pounds,.and'have never been sick since I tookPeruna. It surely Is the best medicineXor colds, stomach trouble and catarrh4JktI ever heard of."HHKSifiO,. HIBBM w mmsbMBM? Zr -r 1-at 4li Tirtaf,n Vinlna nriri rilQWr!3" --1 "- j-'b"-"" www - -nnnlftep -nm-kAVK? MIltnTTT nAUCAnriTA ITTinOTSHcrce, JJtiJTcuo, JV. Y.Didn't Believe in Tattling.Marjorie, aged, four, was in the liDrary with her father,, while her mothr was superintending the preparation)f dinner. The attention of the head)f the house was attracted by ascratching sound, and he looked up toind his daughter at work with a pair)f scissors on the top of a polished iable. "Marjorie," he said, sternly, "go,ell your mother what you've been dong."' "I won't do it, papa," shesaid.'Do you think I'm a tattletale?"Judge.Farming in Norway.The hill farmers of the Norwegianfjords have a curious way of dryingthe grass, or making the hay. Theyerect three-barred fences, ttie bars being about a foot apart, at intervals inthe fields, and hang the grass on thebars, where it is quickly dried by thesun and wind. These districts are forthe .most part very sparsely populated,and in many cases the farms are asmuch as two days' journey from thenearest village.Making Old Mantles New.When your - gas mantle becomesblack in spots and does not give agood light, do not waste good money jby throwing it away and buying anew one, because you can make theold mantle as good as new by justburning a dim light, as the black spotswill gradually become white again bythe above process. In "Home Department," National Magazine.Giant Mummy in Japan.One of the most interesting exhibitst the aisho exposition held at Toiyo was a giant mummy enclosed in alarge, square coffin. The figure measured about eight feet in height. Thisrelic was obtained by a Japanese explorer at a Buddhist temple in theprovince of Kiangsi. Experts support,the claim that the mummy is that of afamous monk who lived at the beginning of the Christian era.For Wall Paper Patches.When the wall paper 'chances to.need a patch, and the new paper isconspicuously bright compared withthe old, hang the new piece in thesunshine, watch closely and you willfind that it will soon suntone to matchthe old paper. You may then patchyour wall and the patch will be hardlynoticeable.Cotton Seed Prolific.It has been calculated by a government botanist that one seed of cotton,given the application of all possiblecare and skill, would produce 40,000,000,000 seeds in six years, and he givesan actual case of the production of11,000 bushels of seed of a pure strainof wheat from a single grain in fiveyears without the exercise of any special care.The Shadow of Mother Love.' What are Raphael's madonnas butthe shadow of a mother's love fixed inpermanent outline. T. W. Higginson.HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any cass of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure.F. J. CHENEY &CO .Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 yearo, andbelieve him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and financiallyable to carry out any obligations madeby his firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75 centsper bottle. Sold by all Druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv-dec)J (Copyright, by McClure Syndicate.)'Wirtif'THROUGH DffiE PERILSCREW OF WRECKED VESSELMADE PORT IN SAFETY.Half Frozen, With Little Food, andMenaced by School of Whales,Survivors Live to Tellthe Story.How the officers and crew, of theAmerican revenue cutter Tahoma,which sank late in September afterhitting an uncharted reef in the frozenAleutian islands, fought for ' life forfive days in open boats in a heavysea, escaped a school of six whales andfinally survived with no food exceptparrot soup, is recounted in letters received by friends of the party allWashington.All the So survivors, including theofficers and crew of the Tahoma anda party of natives who were aboardwhen the autter began to sink, underwent almost indescribable hardshipsbefore they were picked up by thesteamship Cordova.As soon as. the officers found thatthe cutter could not be saved'all thoseon board set out in six open boats.They remained close by the Tahomauntil she sank, 21 hours after hittingthe reef. Then they started out to tryto find land. Five of the boats succeeded in reaching the island of Agattu, one. of the Aleutian chain. Theother remained at sea until rescued.So crowded were the members ofthe party in the open boats that theycould not -sit down or sleep. The feetof every one was frozen or swollenfrightfully after the five days at sea.The boat commanded by First Lieut.T. M. Malloy of the revenue cutterservice attracted a school of whales.The whales started to follow the boatat night when they saw the lights. Oneof the whales there were six got soclose that it touched the boat.Lieutenant Malloy, fearful tha't thewhales would attack the boat, gavestrict orders that no one should shoot.The whales appeared to be playfuland made no effort to harm the occupants. Because of the crowded conditionsand the heavy sea little food couldbe taken into the small boats. On theday before they sighted land' the ra-jtions had to be out down to one sau-sage, one cracker and one cupful of iwater for each person.At last the occupants of LieutenantMalloy's boat and another, which hadremained close beside, sighted landAgattu island. After a hard pull theymade a successful landing, and with i.-i m.- -.- i... i. Ifdllf Te '""" L" umiiboats, rigged up a shelter. The sea-,men shot two wild geese and four sea Iparrots, which they made into soup in,'a big kettle and ate with a few water-soaked crackers. jAll of the survivors set to workgathering driftwood for a huge fire to !send up a signal of black smoke to-at-tractsome ship that might come tothe rescue in response to the "S. O. tS." calls of the Tahoma immediately jafter the accident.The Cordova ar-'rived on the sco' d clayShortening the War.The motDr truck and motor passenger vehicle are now undergoing, in thogreat international war, the greatestof all practical tests. If the war isshort, as all good men devoutly hope,the motor vehicle will not only be a igreat factor in shortening it but also 1in determining the result; and byshortening the length of the war themotor will not only pay for itself many 1times over, but save direct hundreds 'of millions and mayhap billions ofdollars. The quicker the contenders ,move, tne more gnastiy ana aescructive the war will be and the soonerexhaustion of one or both sides will 'come the starting of the beginningof the mediations for peace. We know ,that motors spell mobility, and that tthere are many motors in service; jhence the war should be shorter j1much shorter than Earl Kitchener'spreparations embrace. Rollin W.Hutchinson, Jr., in .the EngineeringMagazine.Aeroplane Signals.There has been tried in France1 anapparatus for signaling from aeroplanes used in the war, consisting of1 a reservoir of lampblack, which is con-nected with a supply of compressedair.The aviator, by means of a valvewithin reach ofhis hand, can blow outa cloud el lampblack of a size varyingaccording to the length of pressure ofhis hand upon the valve. These smallclouds can be seen from a distance ofsix miles, and the movement, of theaeroplane spaces them sufficiently toprevent them running together.By the use of the Morse code it is aneasy matter to send signals in thisway from an aeroplane, and in addition it saves the necessity of a wireless receiving station, which is oftendifficult to operate during a campaign.Pennsylvania Has Sand.The production of sand and gravelin Pennsylvania in 1913 w.as 6,702,499tons, valued at $4,381,692, against6,509,333 tons, valued at $4,371,513 in1912, according to the United StatesGeological survey. Building sand isthe most important product of thischaracter in the state, but of greaterrelative importance is glass sand, inthe production of which Pennsylvaniaranks first among the states. In thevalue of the sand produced, althoughnot in the quantity, Pennsylvaniaranks first, the precedence in valuebeing due to the high value of thejfogjL gand compared to other kindf.EARLY WAR NEWS.POLAND GREATEST WAR FIELDNOW.LONDON, Dec. 1. It seems clearnow that the German army in RussianPoland, or that part of it which theRussians surrounded near Lodz, narrowly missed annihilation, the Germans fought with such fury that thecordon encircling them was brokenand as German reinforcements arecoming up the issue is not yet decided. In all quarters it is estimated thatrecent claims of a complete Russianvictory were premature.Poland, with Emperor William onthe field, will likely continue to overshadow all other war areas for somedays to come.Throughout Belgium, th'e Germansare remaining, generally speaking, onthe defense and immediate signs of arenewal of attempts to hack their wayto the French coast are lacking.Some dispatches say that the Germans already have begun to fall backfrom their rear entrenchment i, but asthe official statements make no mention of this it is assumed it i3 only aguess of correspondents.King George's visit to France seemsgreatly to appeal to the popular imagination. The newspapers are featuring His Majesty's trip, pointing outthat it is the first time a reigningBritish monarch has been with hisz?rnnes in the field for 171 years,George II, being the last predecessorto do so.The men members of the Paris Baptist Church entertained with a banquet in the basement of the churchlast night for the new male membersof the congregation. The purpose ofthe entertainment- was to bring the oldand new members together so thatthey would become better acquainted.Attorney P. A. Thompson was toastmaster for the occasion, and responses were made by the following gentlemen: Dr. O. R. Mangum, whospoke on "Our Church;" Dr. D. S.Henry, "Our Sunday School;" Mr.Wallace Clark, "Our Men;" Dr. J. S.Wallingfbrd, "Our New Members;"Mr. T. P. Tillett, "Why Wc Joined;"Mr. C. O. Hinton, "Our Finances." Asubstantial luncheon was prepared andserved by the ladies of the church.SAYS GERMANS FALLBACK ATD1XMUDE.LONDON, Dec. 1. Telegraphingfrom Amsterdam the correspondent ofthe Central News says the Germanfront before Dixmude has begun ageneral retirement.YOUR COLD IS DANGEROUSBREAK IT UP-NOW.i A Cold is readily catching. A run, dqwn system is susceptible to Germs.1UU UWU It Ll- ,UUIO;il llllU IU UllltlO JLyour house, hod it to fisht Germs atoncle. Dr. Dell'; Pine-Tar-Hoiny isfino fine for roljjB anJ Couglr?. ItloospI13 tho mucous, stops the Coughand S00tlis' Ihe Lungs. It's guarau-teed. Only 25c at pour druggist.(adv-dec)IS YOURBLOOD RICHtLJT1 Poor Bloodis ihe indirect cause oi muchwinter sicknessit allows chills,invites colds and sickness.Nourishment alone makes bloodnot drugs or liquors and the nourishing food in Scott's Emulsion chargessummer blood with winter richnessI increases the red corpuscles.0$ Its Cod Liver Oil vrarmsthe body, tortilies the iungs,and alleviates rheumatictendencies.YOUR DRUGGIST HAS IT.14-15 SHUN SUBSTITUTES.FW?fflYKHfflWT Mill H WHEATERS!IPRICES$4.00 TO $25.00INSTALLED.Satisfaction Guaranteed.Paris &a$ electric 0.(Incorporated.)1 BKT4 r IJTVX1JFM Vi jfA11 1--1illimII! i bS' iFPbv VGASKentuckians Swiftly Relieved ofStomach 77s ftp fflayr RemedyFirst Doseof Wonderful TreatmentShows Results After Yearsof Suffering.Many Kentuckians have found swiftrelief from disorders of the stomachand intestinal tract by the use ofMayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy.The first dose gives results. It isnot a long treatment.Here ares tatements taken from theletters of two Kentucky people whohave used the remedy:W. H. CLARKE, Central Cicy."The medicine has done my wife aworld of good and she has been suffering with stomach trouble for years."MRS. BELLE HAWKINS, Eminence, Ky. "I have taken all of themedicine. I don't think I need anynow, as I think I am well. I neverfelt better in my life."From all over the " country comeADD -MAT '?I BourbonwDWIS & FUNK, Props.TVWhone No. 4. West 5 Street $IPj ?WBourbonParis-ssL'VI Thomas,!9mm i ' !- - -1FIRE, WIND AND LIGHTNINGINSURANCEON TOBACCOPROMPT SETTLEMENTS.2c?jt"jij52lTJnJISS3S3Z3B9KP53tV3TnBOTH P HONESq&fftuwffi'iifcaBa nprmaaaa cssnaKQEssfaaLet ua Make that Last Winter's"; Suit Gr OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies" Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andeReblockedto your satisfaction.We Cain For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.1Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 2oc.S.thousands of just such letters. Thiswonaertui remedy shows results,Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedyclears the digestive tract of mucoidaccretions and removes poisonousmatter. It brings swift relief to sufferers from ailments of the stomach,liver and bowels. Many declare it hassaved them from dangerous operations and many are sure it has savedtheir lives.We want all people who havechronic stomach trouble or constipation, no matter of how long standing, to try one dose of Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy one dosewill convince you. This is the medicine so many of our people havebeen taking with surprising results.The most thorough system cleanserever sold. Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy is now sold here by G.S. Yarden & Son and druggists everywhere. Laundry $We Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous foi- fine work and itdever goes bck on its repu- y.tation. If you are particular fj)about how 'yur linen is jfklaundered, your custom is the yskind we want as we like to ?y$appreciatee j&LaundrytoKentucky. ' jWoodford !a32AND BARNS.Bryan4,v2I,ICi,,5,3,vvIC,I4'&,I,,,smJ2',i,msajaosEssaaRMli,t'VlTWfr'1,-WShTW,i-1A:0 km LICENSED SMBALIELDA 137; NIGHT 299.uawni 1 1 m caeicragrayi?,ea LegaMv !IAATEEO CUREThink of it.Ur.Farmcr.hcrc'saremedy for hoff cholera frkn MflfSthat is sold under a "Lcsral Guarantee Bond." Hovr JjJcan you afford to take chances against hog: cholera lfAwhen you arm get this remedy on such terms? Wliuiwi -BfourBon Eiog uccoiera Bsemeoy b"Is the only remedy ever pet up that is guaranteed to cure and preventhoc cholera. It does the vork better than any other known remedy. Itit did not, it would not be sold on such a strong: guarantee. At AllDrn!sts. Write for free booklet telllhjr how to save your hogs, iBOURBON REMEDY COMPANY. Lexineton. Ky.."w.A.&&-A'--', A.-&.Md'ANS--H"VA '-TC yf.oTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., DECEMBER 4 1914vTJiis is a very fine Steel CutCoffee, with an attractiveteaspoon in each package.For sale by all grocers at20 cents per ponnd.is roasted and packed fresh wkifehot under the most improved ck ,entific method. It is guarantsedto you as the very best 'coffee orthe market today. For sale byall first class erocei's at 30c a lb "LCOFF4SCertified GhRssKsAggravating.somewhat aggravating thing in-v'J&l life," remarked the milk toast- llosopher, "is when you have saidher a good thing to an acquaintancehave it reported hack to you in ak or so as excellent, but creditedu the man you particularly despise."Insulted.Here is an amusing instance of hist? uiiic conceit. An interviewer, hav' tr obtained access to the presence ofa famous actor, asked the great man ifI - would be kind enough to describeme of his eaily failures. "Sir,"., abped (he tragedian, "I never had.rV James the door!" Puck.Sailors' Paradise.Fiddler's Green" is the Elysium ofV e sailois; a land flowing with rumax.d lime juice; a place of perpetualipjsic, mirth, dancing" and -tobacco.SsV-VsHft ssBHp1Beyond our expectation was the opening day, Thursday. The crowds were simply unparalleled. They came, they went,and then came again, more eager than ever before. Convincing the public in many cases is a very difficult task, and canonly be accomplished by a positive demonstration. This we did and propose doing during the entire 1 O days of this sale.There is not a store in the UnitedState, no matter how large, that carrythree better makes of Clothing thanwe do Stein-3loch, Hirsh-Wickwireand Michael Stern.. .These manufacturers have a reputation that is international. We carry the three combined makes. We only handle all-woolgarments.Men's SuitsOne lot John Dickey Kersey Suits,$12.50 and $10.50 Values. SalePrice $6.98Men's Suits in Medium and HeavyWeights, conservative styles, including materials Cheviots, Cas-simeres and Scotch mixtures,$15.00 Values. Sale Price. . .$10.45Men's Business and Dress Suits,comprising Worsteds, Thibets,Tweeds, etc. $18.00 Values.Sale Price $12.98Men's Suits in Fancy Worsteds,Serges and Scotc:i Cheviots inthe new and swagger cut sacks$22.50 Values... Sale Price ..$16.73Men's Suits of fine home and foreign suitings of style and tone,tailored in garments of faultlessfashion.. .$25.00 Values... SalePrice 518.89Men's Suits in a grand assortmentof Blacks, Blues, Crowns, Greys,etc., in Cassimeres, Scotch andnobby tweed mixtures. $27.5Q Values... Sale Price $21.65Men's Suits that arc perfection inevery detail, perfect fitting andhand-made throughout... $30.p0Valuec... Sale Price $22.79Men's Overcoats &BalmacaansNO FINER SELECTION ANYWHERE. $10.00 Men's Overcoats. SalePrice $3;SS$12.50 Men's OvercoatsSale Price $3AoCI 5.00 Men's OvercoatsSale Price $10.4s$18.C0 Men's Overcrats and Balmacaans.. .Sale Price $12.9320.00 Men's Overcoats and Balmacaans. Sale Price $14.48C 22.50 Men's Overcoats and Balmacaans. Sale Price $16.79$25.00 Men's Overcoats and Calmacaans...Sale Price $18.89$30.00 Men's OvercoatsSale Price v 3$35.00 Men's OvercoatsSale Price ..$27.59$40.00 Men's Overcoats cf Vicynas and Montanacs, in Graysznd Blacks, silk lined throusout. S2le Price S'il.49Handkerchiefs25c White Linen HanaKercmcSale Price i2'2cGOcTpure Linen HandkerchiefsSsle Price : "3C'Inconsistent."Swiffles has a great admiration ofhorses. He says people don't attachproper importance to a hoise's dignity.." "Swiffles doesn't do so himself" replied Miss Cayenne. "If he didhe wouldn't insist on harnessing oneup and riding behind him."Statistics of Sight and Hearing.Blindness is more common in menthan in women, the proportion, accord-;ing to the last census returns, beingone in every 1.31C males and one in ev-"ery 1,-121 females. As regards deaf-'ness, however, the position is re-versed. ' 1Must Know Military Drill.In New Zealand all males are obligedto do- military drill from fourteen totwenty-one years of age, and schoolsare required to withhold scholarshipgrants from any suident who cannotprove that he has complied with theprovision of drill.Not New to Her. "He (moony) "Was there ever alove like ours?" She (matter-of-fact)"Of course, I can t judge your case,but with me the symptoms seem aboutthe same as in my other attacks.". One View ofI sometimes think it Is a pity that jMankind's Queer Ways.Men are seldom 'as wicked as theywould have women believe. As little boys are ashamed of their virtues and proud of their naughty deeds,so do men endeavor to hide good qualities and advertise the bad ones.people travel in foreign countries; itnarrows their minds so much. Chesterton.OptimisticWell has he livedI in obscurity.iS?Reusrith High Class sodl&Men's TrousersAN IMMENSE ASSORTMENT OFSTYLES AND PATTERNS TOCHOOSE FROM. STRICTLY TAI-LOR-MADEv v$2.00 Men's TrousersSale Price $1.29$3.00 Men's TrousersSale Price $1.98$4.00 Men's TrousersSale Price .....$2.98$5.00 Men's TrousersSale Price .' $3.97$5.00 Men's TrousersSale Price $4.48$8.00 Men's TrousersSale Price $5.98Keystone CorduroyPantsTHE BEST PANTS IN THE WORLD.SUITABLE FOR HUNTING ANDOUTDOOR 'WEAR.$4.50 Corduroy PantsSale Price $3.74$4.00 Corduroy PantsSale Price $3.19$3.00 Corduroy PantsSale Price $2.24Men's MackinawCoatsSTRICTLY ALL WOOL.$6.00 All-Wool Mackinaw Coats..Sale Price $4.48$8.50 All-Wool Mackinaw Coat.Sale Pries $5.98$10.00 All-Woo I Mackinaw Coats.Sale Price $6-45$12.50 All-Wool Mackinaw Coats.Sale Pries ?8.47Boys Suits andOvercoatsMADE EXPRESSLY FOR BOYSTHAT ARE HARD ON THEIRCLOTHES.$5.00 Bovs' Suits and Overcoats.Sale Price $3.93.$5.00 Boys' Suits and Overcoats.Sale Price $4.24$8.50 Boys' Suits and Overcoats.Sale Prire $5.9310.00 Beys' Suits and Overcoats.Sale Price $6.49$12.50 Boys' Suits and Overcoats.Sale Price .'$8.24Men's ShoesWE CARRY SUCH WELL-KNOWNMAKES AS STETSON, DR. REEDCUSHION SOLE AND KORRECTSHAPE SHOES IN ALL LEATHERS.U ft1!damKaJSyoJirWMm. ii iJSIraI.NThe Fiery Cross.The fiery cross was an ancient summons to arms used in the ScottishHighlands, and was sent by swift messengers from place to place. It was asmall cross of light wood, the extremities of which were set on fire, and thendipped in the blood of a goat. Thiscustom is said to have also been in useamong the Goths.John Ruskin.John Ruskin did not commit suicide. It is quite true that from acombination of domestic difficulties, illhealth and overwork Ruskin becameafflicted with the nervous troublesthat verged close upon insanity atForeign Travel.times, but he kept thedied at last naturally.Matter of Finance. 'Sometimes u. man marries tor Imoney, but most times it is to get rid 'ot it Florida Times-Union. IThought.who has lived wellBEMSSa7 rrx2Z!Z??yat Money-:rr&H'"I.Korrect ShapeShoes$4.00 Men's ShoesSale Price. $3.24$4.50 Men's Shoes , 'Sale Price . . . .' $3.69Dr. Reed's CushionSole Shoes$5.50 Men's ShoesSale Price $4.49$5.00 Men's ShoesSale Price $4.98Stetson Shoes$6.00 Stetson ShoesSale Price $4.49$7.00 Stetson ShoesSale Price $4.98GREAT-REDUCTION ON ENTIRELINE OF LEATHER SUITCASES, TRAVELINGBAGS AND TRUNKS$2.00 Suit CasesSale Priec 93c$5.00 Suit CasesSale Price $3.97$15.00 TrunksSale Price $11.25Men's Hats & CapsA few $5.00 Stiff Hats at 93c$2.50 Men's soft and stiff HatsSale Price $1.74$3.00 Men's soft and stiff HatsSale Price $2.38$4.00 Men's soft and stiff Hats.Sale Price $2.97$5.00 Dunlap HatsSale Price S3.49$2.00 Fur lined CapsSale Price $1.43$1.50 Fur lined CapsSale Price . . $1.15$1.00 Men's and Boy's CapsSale Price 89c5Gc Men's and Boys' CapsSale Price 39c$2.50 Near Seal CapsSale Price $1.89$5.00 Alaskan Seal CapsSale Pirce $3.49$10.00 Genuine Seal CapsSale Pries $S.92Men's Overalls50c and 75c Overalls'and JacketsSale Price 33c$1.50 and $1.25 Keystone Overallsand Jackets. Sale Price 93cBoy's and Men's Suspenders25c Men's and Boys' SuspendersSale Price 19c0c Men's SuspendersSale Price , 38cNo Hurry."When is the proper time to congratulate a bride and bridegroom?""After they have lived together forat least a year and are still happy."You Receive What You Give.Every man depends en the quantityot sense, wit or good manners hebrings into society for the receptionhe meets within it. Hazlitt.Where Reggie Lost Out."What in the world made you jiltReggie?" "Oh, he got on my nerves,always asking permission to kiss me."Dallas.News.balance and iTo Keep Fresh Eggs. fA simple way ot preserving eggs isto immerse them in lime water soonafter they have been laid, and then putthe vessel containing the limewaterin a cellar or cool outhouse.!llBBs&ffgffipgiKSaWSffiTCroS !-arf7$rg Prices is Wbai9s stakingMtVifcy&Men's Rubber Bootsand OvershoesMen's Heavy Arctic Overshoes.Regular $2.00 Quality. SalePrice $1.48Men's Heavy Arctic Overshoes,Solid reubber, $2.5D Quality.Sale Price $1.74Men's ubher Soots, heavy rolledsole and snag proof, $5.00 Quality. Sale Price t $3.50Men's HuntingShoes$7.50 Witch Elk ShoesSale Price $3.48$8.50 Witch Elk ShoesSale Price x $7.49$9.50 Witch Elk ShoesSale Price .' $3.43$10.50 Witch Elk ShoesSale Price $9.49Men's Sweaters$10.03 Ali-Wocl Spauldiiia Sweaters. Sale Price $7.98$2.00 All-Wool 'Spaulding Sweat-' ers. 'S?ls Price S5.43$5.C0 Ajl-Wcol SweatersSle Price' $3.89,$2.00 All-Wool SweatersSale Price 93cMen's Fancy Vests$2.00 Fancy VestsSale Price . . . ., 93s$3.00 Fancy Vests"Sale Price $1.43$4.00 Fancy VestsSale Price $1.93Men's Fur Lined &Kid GlovesIN SUEDE AND KIDS GREYSAND TANS.50c Men's and Boys' GlovesSale Price 38c75c Men's and Boys' GlovesSale Price 59c$1.00 Dress and Work GlovesSale Price :S9s$1.50 Men's Dress GlovesSale Price $1.19$2.50 Men's Lined and UnlinedGloves. Sals Price $1.89$4.00 Men's Fur Lined Gloves.Sale Price $2.98$5.00 Men's Fur Lined GlovesSale Price $3.97Mpthnrlicm in fhf United State.I Methodism did not start in thtecountry at Boston in the year 176.It was in New York city, in 1766, thatthe tenets of Wesley were introducedto the people of the United States,,by a "few pious emigrants from Ireland." ' 'Few Have the Opportunity." -"Never look a gift horse in themouth" may be good advice to the oneman in a million who is fortunateenough to have a horse given him.Suggested Improvement. -Speaking of whiskers, men's facear.wouldn't get so monotonous if whiskers could be pinned on like hair.One Purpose of Life.i What do we live for if it is not toI make life less difficult for each other?"George Eliot.Men's Neckwear15 dozen Four-in-hands that originally sold. for 50c, 75c, and $1.Sale Price 23c50c Men's Silk Four-in-hand andBatwings. Sale Price 38c75c Men's Silk NeckwearSale Price y. 53c$1.00 Imported Silk NeckwearSale Price 63c$1.50 Handsome French Silk TiesSale Price $1,151Mejn's NegligeeShirtsWE CARRY ALL THE 3ESTKNOWN BRANDS.50c Negligee Shirts.Sale Price 25c$1.00 Negligee Shirts Cuffs attached. Sale Price 79c$1.50 Negligee Shirts Cuffs attached. Sale Price $1.15$2.00 Negligee Shirts Cuffs attached. Sal2 Price $1-43$2.50 Negligee Shirts Cuffs attached. SIe Price $1.89Men's UnderwearOUR LINE OF UNDERWEAR REP-"pRESENTS" SUCH WELL-KNOWNMAKES AS BUOFOLD, MUNSINGAND COOPER'SPRING NEEDLE,IN BOTH UNION AND TWO-TWO-PIECESUITS.50c Men's Underwear.Sale Price 39c each$1.00 Men's UnderwearSale Price, Suit 79c$2.00 Men's Underwear.Sale Price, Suit $1.48$2.50 Men's Underwear.Sale Price, Suit $!.89$3.00 Men's Underwear.Sale price, Suit $2.24$3.50 Men's UnderwearSale Price, Suit $2.43$5.00 Men's UnderwearSale Price, Suit $3.98Men's Half Hose10c Men's Hose Black and TanSale Price 5c pair15c Men's Cotton HoseSale Price 9c pair32 Dozen Men's Fancy Hosierythat sold regularly for 50c.Sale Price 19c pair25c Men's Wool and Cotton HoseSale Price 19c pair50c Men's Pure Silk HoseSale Price 29c pairMen's Hcse of Lisle -and "MacoYarn, 50c quality.Sala Price 3Sc pairv tA. J;r-;v?'t Jr'- jir ,r-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 4 1914! .H-MEWS OF THE SOCIAL ORDERS.The Fraternal Aid Union of theFmternal Union of America held aninteresting meeting Wednesday niglit.The Woodmen will hold their regular meeting to-night at the K. of P.Ball, in the Varden building.Imperial Encampment, I. O. O. F.,oad work in the Patriarchal DegreeWednesday night.The annual election of officers for-P9 feuuing year will he held by the-A.J. Lovely Division, Uniform Rank,Knights of Pythias, at their CastleHall, on Wednesday night, Dec. 9.The Third Degree of Odd Fellowship was given Monday niglit toRichard Stewart, Jan Smitz and DoryScott, at Bourbon Lodge.Every member of the MaccabeeTent, of Paris, is requested and urgedto be present at the meeting, Mondaynight, Dec. 7. Besides the election ofofficers, very important business, ofinterest to every member, must betransacted.B. R. DICKERSON, Commander."BACKWARD, TURN BACKWARD,OH, TIMEr IN'YOUR FLIGHT."(Contributed.)The handsome new home of Mr. D.E. Clarke, on the Maysville pike, justnorth of Millersburg, is about completed and will be ready for occupancynext week. The writer had the goodfortune of going through the home recently with Mr. Clarke. It is a modern up-to-date little house built ofconcrete, with hardwood floors on thefirst floor, ,much of the building beingfinished in oak. The lumber was cut,sawed and dressed on the place. Thestairway is entirety hand-made, someof the doors and windows are of theQueen Anne Gothic architecture,heavy and massive. The entire building is almost surrounded by wideheavy verandas, and all the conveniences of heat, water and lights areperfect. The mantels of the living,room and one of the bedrooms upstairs were taken from the old St.I James, and are old family heirlooms,i That old building, which was tornCHRISTMAS SEALS TOBE PLACED ON SALE.uwT?)r3r CV jfftiA large class will be given the down about two years ago, was builtPage Rank of Pythianism, at Rath- Dv Mr. Vimont, the great-grandfatherbone Lodge, Thursday night, Dec. 10.It is the Pythian Home Class, in honorof the eighth anniversary of the establishment of Knights of Pythias Widows and Orphans' Home, in Lexington. Any member having an applicaCom for this 'class should present it atthe" meeting Thursday night.PRACTICAL GIFTS.Refreshingly different effects inneckwear, packed in holliday boxes50c to $2.00. Linen initial handkerchiefs embroidered in colors packed3 in a box 50c, 75c and $1.00 per box.(It) . J. W. DAVIS & CO.4F IT COMES FROMWINTERS' IT'S RIGHT.That's why everybody willthe auction at Winters & Co.is now going on. Sale each2:30 and 7:30 p. m.attendwhichdav atELKS' SOCIAL.The Elks put the big pot in the little one, and then put both in a largerone Tuesday night, and when the chefannounced "ready" they trooped intoJhe dining room at their quarters to'find spread before them a royal feast,a "turkey social" so named. Everything that could appeal to the appetites of the "stags" was there, andthe velvet on the Elk's antlers grewamazinglv in the course of a fewhours. On next Tuesday evening the JElks will entertain at their clubrooms witha "goose social." The antiered herd is surely going down theline in the poultry kingdom, and nothiag is spared in the way of providingentertainment.NUREREY STOCK FOR SALE.I will have a general line of nursery stock on sale Monday, Dec. 7,(court day.) Anyone wanting choicefresh stock, is -invited to inspect myline and buv what they need.H. C. OGLE.,(lt) Paris, Ky.of Mrs. Clarke. The mantel downstairs in the living room is hand carved, and since it has been dressed andpolished, is unquestionably a thing ofbeauty, while the one upstairs is massive and plain. As the writer pondered upon the beautiful effects of thishome and pictured to himself thepleasure that this happy family wouldget out of it, he could not refrain fromretrospecting just a little. The scenecarried him back to the time from1SS4 to 1888, when this farm was theproperty of Mr. C. C. Clarke, Sr., andwhen it was occupied by a large,stately and commodious brick home,afterward destroyed by fire. Manywere the happy days the author hasspent in this home with that happyfamily, when Miss Frances NunnClarke, the eldest daughter of theJ home, was the belle of Millersburg.The old home was handsomely furnished; the pictures that adorned thewall were costly, while the plate andcut glass abounded in profusion.The beautiful grove in front of thehome was practically in a state ofnature, though it was well kept. Thewriter has been awakened manymornings by the ilttle songsters intheir leafy bowers while the squirrelslater in the day looked down from thetops of the giant oaks upon the inhabitants of the earth below as muchas to say, "We are monarchs of all wesurvey." The guests who used to visitthis old home were in keeping withall its surroundings, and as the writerbeheld the new edifice, which is nowto succeed it, he could not refrainfrom thinking how appropriate this is.Time has wrought its changes withall of us since the older building wentup in smoke and flame, but we areglad to say that so far as this placeis concerned that it has not retrograded, and the old happy home givesplace to a new and more modern one.We trust that time may be lenientThese bright cherry reminders ofthe duty that lies in us to help fightthe arch-enemy of mankind dreadedtuberculosis will soon be placed onsale at a number of public places inthis city.The Christmas seal costs the insignificant sum of one cent, a sum hardlyto be missed, yet, which, in the aggregate, will be the means of bringingcheer and relief to some poor soul suffering with tuberculosis.The work this yep will be as usualconducted under tlie auspices of theParis Literary Club. A supply of theseals has been received by Mrs. J. T.Vansant. who has the work of distribution in charge, and will be placed'on sale at the following places: TheArdery Drug Co., G. S. Varden & Son,W. T. Brooks', Oberdorfer's, Shire &Fithian's and other places not as yetdecided upon. Later on in the campaign the sale of these seals will alsobe placed in the hands of young worn on nf the citv. who will make anearnest effort to increase the sum total of the sales over that of recentyears.Every Christmas seal placed upon aletter or package means a great dealto the noble ladies who have thiswork, an entirely unselfish and an entirely humane work, in hand, and every seal sold is a seal of merit andencouragement tor them in tins commendable campaign.The proceeds of the sale will be devoted to the fund being raised for thelocal visiting nurse, Mrs. Harriet Minnaker, whose unselfish and untiringdevotion to her work in this city hasnot met with the response it has merited, considering the difficulties underwhich she has worked.Buy a Christmas seal and if youfeel generously inclined, buy severalChristmas seals. Every little helps,and helps wonderfully in this cause.A HANDSOME HOLIDAY PRESENT.IThink, Mr. Buyer!For 48 years this house has catered to thewant of the people in this ection- in the Jewelry line and we believe that in all that timewe have ever been faithful to the trust placedin us.:A handsome graphonoia as a Christmas gift would be something that thewhole family would enjoy. Call inand look at the beautiful samples wehave on display. Come in and hearseveral records. Let us quote yousome prices. Any brand of recordsinav be used on this machine.G. S. VARDEN & SON.4-2t) Sole Agents for Paris.Think, Mr. Jewelry Buyer.. Does not this 48 years of unsullied service stand for something?Does it not represent to you an intrinsic commercial value? Can it notonly impress you with the fact that this house must not only handlethe right kind of goods and sell them at the right prices, but also havegiven good honest service, to have established an honorable recordfor this length of time?Yes, think it over, Mr, Jewelry Buyer, and then call and inspectour stock and prices.We Are Now Prepare d to Display OurComplete Holiday Line&ourCONFERENCE OF WORKERS.with this happy family and manyyears elapse ere they shall partake of J conference of Sunday schoolthe cup of sorrow. . It. M. C. workers was held Tuesday morning atNEW BUTCHER SHOP.COLD WEATHER.Come see us at our newshop, next uoor to C. P. Cook. ExtraIlinft lillfi of frpsli mpnls lilvfrn plimVuPhone your order for Best lot of ruits ujst received.Coal to Phones 14. j ut' i-mi, n, hitler.tf CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.':good will- coal. I AND GAS HEATERS."BUCK" IN NEW LOCATION. jI Attend our special sale now goingwn-srn "nnMr" Freeman, the well-!011 71G a"1 street. For this weekknown barber, has removed from hisriei tam1 in the Simms buildine adjoining Ford & Co , to a new and more J llt)convenient location in me ixocnebuilding, next to Connelly's plumbingestablishment."Buck" is better prepared than everto take care of his patrons, and invitestkeni to call and inspect his placeThe shop has beenonly special sale of "Good Will" Coallot of fruits just received.PARIS FURNITURE CO.with all the newest and snappiest novelties in the market. We are showing thenew styles in Stone Set Back Combs, Stone Set and Jet Chains, Mesh Bags andVanities in guaranteed gold-filled stock, Ladies' Watch Bracelets an especialstrong line in this class of goods.As A Special This Week we are offering an excellent one-daytime Clock, fully guaranteed, at the remarkable price of fifty cents. Seewindow display.Buy Early and Avoid the Christmas Rush.Any selections made now will be reserved until the Holidays.THE HOUSE OF QUALITY FOR JEWELRY,SHIRE & PITH IAN! the home of Miss Louie Bruer, where! the Tireliminaries for holding a "White, , . i Christmas" celebration joiritly by thei runs ouiiuaj' onuwio w v,w. ,the subject having been talked overlast Sunday at the various schools.The story of the movement, the program and general plans were discussed Tuesday, but the details win ue garranged by committees to be ap-pointed next Sunday morning, all of twhom will be under one general lead- $er, and the first meeting of the com-mittees will be held Sunday afternoon Jat 2 o'clock at the Methodist- church. ml Wm999mQ$9W9999m9M9m99999999i. 2Z Ururo 3A1UKJJAI UiL. Otn. ijDno oti uilal1, ijv,. oin.DON'T' GET CAUGHT.SUITABLE CHRISTMAS PRESENTSCome to our store and select yourChristmas presents such things topick from as, Bibles, 50-cent books,latest novels, boys and girls books.thoroughly re- trick books for children. SubscrfTinfori onri rPiinvntpd t.hrmiehout and ' tion to magazines taken. -Any of theis fitted up with all the latest in the above would be acceptable.tonsorial line.Come and see(27-tf)PARIS BOOK CO.for yourself.NEW SAUERKRAUT."BIT" DAVIS DISCOVERS HE'S NO DANCER.Heinz's new sauerkraut, 5c lb.t6-tf) A. W. COTTINGHAM.EVENTS POSTPONED.i The irrepressible "Bit" Davis, whomI those who know him best would nat! urally think had acquired the latestj thing in. the dancing line, has finallyadmitted that something has beenoverlooked in his dancing education,and he is now thinking seriously of attending a "moonlight (dancing)The meeting 'of the Bourbon CountyTeachers' Association which was' to jliave been held at the school of MissSusie Clay to-morrow has been post- school in order to pick up a new edponed until after the Christmas holi- ucation. It happened this way, as ittlavs. was told to us:The Edison concert which was an-' Last winter, in a period of rashnessnounced for this evening at the home and inconceivable new tango folly he;oCold weather is coming don't get Jjcaught without a gas stove to kill the ;chill. If you haven't had the service jrun see usat once, before it is too late , Jto dig up the streets, otherwise you , mwill be deprived of this comfort allduring the winter. i mGive "her" a gas stove for Christmas.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.,(dec4-lt) Incorporated.CHURCH MEMBERS' BANQUET.of - Mrs. W. H. Whitley, for the benefitof the Daughters of the American Revolution, has been postponed untilnext Tuesday evening, on account ofthe banquet to be given by the men otthe Presbyterian church to-night.The recent acquisition of new malemembers to the congregation of theParis Baptist church was celebratedin the basement of the church, Tuesday night, by a banquet tendered bythe members of the congregation.The occasion was a most delightfulone, and was the means of bringinginto closer social relations thosemembers and the older members.Attorney P. A. Thompson was toastmaster for the occasion, and responses were made by the following gen-W1NTERS' AUCTIONNOW GOINGAttend the auction of high-gradejewelryat Winters.NOT EVENTHEN."There is no such thing as a S3febet," says the Atchison Globe, "till'vou have won it." Not even then,Tfor you Iosp the proceeds when youbet on the next race.-Courier-Journal:"It's safe only when you have deposited it in the bank. RochesterAdvertiser.Not even then. There are t he j tune for it iscases of the Alexander Bank in Parisand the Seigel Bank in New York.Frankfort State Journal.took a few dancing lessons. He learn-Pf tllk tldW tun cm fVio nn&.a an tVin- ,.w ....i su. w. AiVrf UU OLUi Llld .hesitation, with all the dips, drags, I tlemen: Dr. O. K. Mangura, wnograpevines and lame ducks thereunto sPoke on 0u Church; Dr. D S.appertaining and in such case made I Henr-V "OUI SdayA fSch2i?; TM.,, z.iZ? ttni. 4i i-.l -- !.-.. i Wnltasu Park. "Our Men:" Dr. J. S.'the Terpsichore lashed to a rudder of Wallingford, "Our New Members ,'a Zeppelin airship. As he glided T" p"Tlllett' e Jome,?ki ;v,nf i, T7.ii- tjh u X4, Mr. C. O. Hinton. "Our Finances." AJH. auuui lug aiiiivo iiaii. llk; ixuiiuuiicLcu . . , , ifrom the front door back to the rear suostanuai. miicueou v. , pi cyui .windows, just missing contact with '.and served by the ladies ot the church.about a dozen dancers in his mad 'flight, and the spectators got to feel-;ing real sorry for Mr. and Mrs. Vernon Castle. "Bit" was the dancingdemon of the day. He was. A fewweeks ago he happened to drop in onsome friends in an adjoining city,whose Victrola, as he entered, wastearing off "By the Sea, By the Beautiful Sea." "Bit" will forever hate that i g.A inr A l it innvfrinoT-ilir LCtXmasGoodiesinextricablyUsStfL-M ijaBBHtL----speragl 13TJEMmixed with the wreck of his fond eelconceit. He learned that night that hecouldn't dance any more than a rabbit. There was a young fellow in thatparlor who had brought with himfrom the "citv" a slew of new dancei cfons nnf r"coc onl o-ootnrde onrmotions, and by the tune "Bit" arrived had taught the young ladies suchdelicacies as "The Half-and-Half."l"Tho Fox Trot," "The Silo Slip,""The Ford Blowout," "The BananaPeel," "The Cottontown Drag," andmany other divertissments in thedancing lines whose titles "Bit" couldnot remember. "Bit" was forced tcadmit that he didn't know the holdjany more, fcjverytlung he didf sill -YowrOrder.Christmas i:ImThe Big Red Ticket Christmas SaleAt Marry Simon'sOpens Saturday Morning, December 5th.Closes Saturday Evening, December 26th.As a slight token of our appreciation of your patronage we inaugurate this great Sale.The store will be closed Friday, December 4th, to arrange 3tock and mark down pricefor the Christmas Sale. This sale is for cash only. No goods sent on approval.Realizing tbat the eyes of the community are always upon this store, watching for newinnovations and great sales of merchandise, we open this MoneySaviig Sale, promisingto give you more goods for less money than any other store. A greater stock is here (banshould be and it's good business on our part to dispose of as much of it as possible duringDecember. Come and see our stock before purchasing.We mention below only a few of the Christmas Sale Bargains..EveryDay Necessities 36 inch Brown Cotton, per yd 5cAmoskeag Apron Ginghamper yd 74c9-4 Brown Cotton, per yd 22J2c9-4 Bleached Cotton, per yd 25c10c Dress Gingham, per yd 7Jc12J2C Dress Gingham, per yd 10c10c Outing, per yd 8 1-3c10c Unbleached Crash, per yd.. 7!Wm. Skinner & Sons' Satin, $1.50quality, all shades,Christmas Sale Price, per yd.. $1.00Kid Gloves$1.50 Kid Gloves, Christmas SalePrice $1.19$2.00 Kid Gloves, Christmas SalePrice .'$1.69Shelled Pecans, 50c the poundOranges, 15c and up per dozenBulk and Fancy Box CandiesFancy Fruits and Nuts 'of AlKinds.HOvpyrlfftu,. by McClurc Syndicate.)passe or Aisne or Przemyslthe Major-General Dubb. jAnd now we are informed thai I"Bit" is secretly- practicing all these' fancy dances so that when he again jinvades that parlor there'll be some-'thingdoing in the dancing line.ORDERS FOR ICES OF ALLHe was KJNDS PROMPTLY FILLED.:i:50 SuitsLast Year's styles, prices, $25.00to $35.00, Christmas Sale 'Price $5.98 and $7.00iKa&i IS I itA Suit SaleAnd now in the heart of the seasoncomes this great Clearance of SmartSuits, instead of waiting until afterthe holidays, we prefer to sell these atonce and thus give you the benefit ofweeks of additional wear. Your choiceof Sroadcloth, Gabardine, Serge, Poplin and other Modish Suits in all colors and trimming effects, short, medium and long coat models. , Skirts of astyle to harmonize.$20.00 Suits, at $12.5325.C0 Suits at 14.7530.G0 Suits, at 17.5335.00 Suits, at 19.5040.00 Suits, at 27.C345.C0 Sufts, at' 29.5350.00 Suits, at 32.5375.00 Suits, at 37.53.Tremendous Reductions on EverjrLine.Un-heard-of Values incry Department.Ev-. j The whole idea of this sale is to get rid -of all superfluous merchandise, to getstock down to the lowest point. To do this, much will he sold at cost, much atless. The fact, however, most interesting to you is that we shall do these things.The bargains we advertise are here, and you can buy good merchandise atprices ridiculously low prices not possible on ordinary occasions.wasHARRY SIMONA. AD AMIIPARIS, KENTUCKYtetffttttmitittttiMHWffHi999999999999999999999999999999 99s99998ft99999ftsff9909999e9e999999999frrf.f&virw'1' ,1,'-rt,g v A- -aSt ;"i ktJ41 ,- t J....w-V 4iT,Sj. TlL -v,,-1UF HAlTDfthy MkVIt DkMf Mamoir nm k - -."r y --ao ifivriwfiniii upm x-14 - i . " :- - j . .. niNV"A. ,---i r. t ,. a" !.. . S V ,, it." ka----------B-----------------HHRWINTERS'flH H jA B L ' JHflH " HHHHw H lk flr " ' lA E t- Ml H H?tw HHHHI HHHHHHH HHHH ' , bMMr HHHIHHHB. HHHHI HHHHlHi MT l rl HHHH, HBHVv HUH V ! k. v H vH H taA !H ZI i -M l B r l By -A chance for the men of Paris and Bourbon county to buy their Christmas Gifts at their own price. Everything and anything fromWINTERS' GRAND SELECTIONOf Watches and DiamondsFOR, THIS DOlSTCut Glass and Jewelry of all Kinds Will Be Sold to the Highest Bidder.ONE DAY ONLY OF THIS KIND!Come one, come all, and make this a banner day, whether you buy or not. You will be entertained by the TwentiethCentury Auctioneer. He will please you in every way.SAM GOLDBLATT, AuctioneerTHEATRGAL"Seven Keys to Baldpate."'Seen Keys to Baldpate," George. Cohan's galloping farce, based onBarl Deer Biggar's novel, which will' 3 seen at the Ben All Theatre, inlexington, is Cohan at his best. Heiias constructed something entirely"tf'Jrent in stagcf offerings.a farceith tense dramatic moments andand without horse play. In fact theajdience is the one on which the joke"s played. Cohan has achieved a newweight in his career with one of hist-sculiar gifts, drawing characters sojme to life that they have a chancea immortality, and this through themedium of a farce, until Cohan" hadi 'ought his genius and stagecraft to'ar shudderingly melodramatic situ:ons have never been able to workn harmony with gales of laughter,rat that is what "Seven Keys tonaldpate" exemplifies. The plot ofe play is so clever that to tell of itn detail would detract from the en-ryment of witnessing it. The main"jody of a play within a play or theti'ay within the play is in two actsprolugue preceding the play and an'Dilogue succeeding the concrete playaelL'Seven Keys to Baldpate" is one of jre greatest successes of the stagetoday. It played over a year at theGaiety Theatre in New York, and fort'x months at the Cohan Grand Operaouse, in Chicago. The original cast"fid production will be seen in Lex'rgton. Included in the company are-ich sterling players as Cyril Scott,ohn O'Hara, xjfe Sterett, Wjlliam"loson, Spencer Charters, Walter D.een, Frank Monroe, J. HockerVMght, Ethel Intrepodi, Christine"yo, Rita Harlan, Jean Shelby, Lauyd Bennett, Fannie Mackay and manyc tiers. (4-3t)with Mr. Herbert Kelcey and MissEffie Shannon in the leading xoles,had quite a lot to contend with whilefilming the startling sensationalscenes. When McPhee jumped fromHigh Bridge he was arrested for attempting suicide, and was taken tothe Marrisiana Court, shivering in ablanket, surrounded by a dozen Associated Press photographers and ahalf-dozen puffing policemen,, for McPhee sure did tire them out in thechase to capture him, in which boatswere used. As he would swim to alanding place a cop would reach forhim. McPhee would go under likea fish and rise from the water fiftyyards away. Then a fat policemanin a boat would shoot toward McPhee and he would dive under theboat and appear yards away. Finally the flotilla of the enemy got sostrong that McPhee was forced toan unconditional surrender. WhenMagistrate Krotel heardstorv ha fieured that a man braveenough to defy death to help make amotion picture success of "After theBall" should have his sentence suspended, which the Judge proceededto do.This massive film production willbe shown at the Columbia Theatretonight. - (adv) .BOILING WATER AS WEAPONParallel for Act of Heroic- WomenFound in Siege of Naaur bythe Tartars.Kept It Secret.Katherine's uncle had come to paythem a visit. After the first greetingswere over and he was comfortablyseated with little Katherine on hisknee, he asked, as uncles often do, ifshe were "a good little girl." "Yes,but nobody knows it," was the promptanswer. The Delineator-Maud Adams at Lexington.A particularly interesting event is"fce appearance of Maude Adams atthe Ben Ali Theatre, Lexington, onThursday, December 10, when the actress is to be seen in a double bill of.-'ays by J. M. Barrie. The chiefP'ay is "The Legend of Leonora" with"he bill which opens and it will concede with "The Ladies Shakespeare."3i?ss Adams is always delightful andartistic. Her successes have beenisany and notable, but in "The Legend of Leonora" she is destined tocsercise a' greater sway over her following than she has had an opportunity of doing in any of her plays since"The Little Minister."So whimsical and fantastic is thetery that to recount it is to spoil it:"The Ladies' Shakespeare is a pretentious work in one act and containg three scenes. It is based on "TheTiming of the Shrew," and Barrie"s so edited it that it is as the ladiesc today would have it with Petrucio3stead of Katherine being the .tunede. The play is most elaboratelystaged, and lias a cast of twenty-sixPeople. The company surrouniingMiss Adams is made up bt prominentPayers. (4-2t) -Taken Literally.Precise Boarding Mistress "Mr.Blunt, shall I tender you some moreof the chicken?" Mr. Blunt "No,thank you! ' But, if you can tenderthis piece you have already servedi me, I shall be greatly obliged to you.Completes Tree's Uprooting.Tackle nas been invented by a Californian to make a tree pull out itsroots when cut down.The heroic acts of the Belgian women who defended their homes againstthe German invaders, resorting to boiling water when their ammunition gaveout, has a historical parallel whichwill no doubt be of interest at thepresent time, says the OutlookIn this case the defenders were Cossack women lanfl the scene of the encounter a small town not far from theSea of Azov.In 1774, during the first Turkishwar, the town of Naaur was being besieged by 9,000 Tartars a large armyin those davs. All the men of theMcPhee's j town had left for the war, which wasproceeding at some distance, and thetowu remained undefended save for ahandful of soldiers.. It had, however,the advantage of being surrounded bya wall, and was well supplied with ammunition. The enemy imagined thatthey would only have 'to 'overcome .avery few soldiers and 'the town wouldbe theirs. Instead, 'to their amazement, they had 'to face an army ofwomen, young and 'old, arfaye'd intheir best red sarafans, fully armedand eager 'to fight. -And these women not bhly 'defended jth. jte 'oftheir town, but 'they sallied 'but andfought valiantly in hand-to-hand 'skirmishes. They also tended enormousfires and heated pitch and boiling water to pour 'on 'the heads 'of jthe enemies when 'they approached 'the wallsfof the 'town. The "story goes 'that "not'only 'did 'they pour water and pitch onthe foe, but the broth that was ebbkingfor 'dinner went 'the jsame way.That was 'the Jfirs't Experience 'the'Cossack women had bf "active fcerr"ice." -Later it became "a 'tradition and'a 'custom 'that in battles 'the Vbmen Ishould 'tal:o their share rot actual fighting. -And 'during the Continual Taidsand battles which 'occurred they- bercame expert soldiers, standing side by'side with old warriors and .often helping with less usual weapons, uch asscythes fcnd pitchforks.The tlossack woman r6t today hasretained her traditions, and 'she is not.only independent. "and generally -"cien't,"tout rs6e is Itlsb often' an excellent 'shot, and is 'quite 'capable ot ftfending, ier village If necessary ftlfiercely as her ancestress-.lN "IFWB 5 , ' m rggBBB-----, Wft '?' CtWI r 1 V IjgBCtIS'licp'flEil iti isi 'HBP rfesgfi i375tBJlFC'i ' -I ji I Ji!! J 5 k 'I ' 8HrrQRk ' u9IHSfl!V 9 iff EBH C tfllr r BMIBV-TbvsiphSihB H I BV f "iuAHiHok ;g MifgBrni1 jstamsimftjBm8&3&Zi rIf&i-Ji WMSv B iiHl vSSSSSgBnr II H-Di,&$ II tBlrKKgoJS--P!ID 'Jt II BVfifKr M F '.sjk criLi f iWl I1 p --4ATine.aisSalifetime inyestment--DURING OUR lO-DAYS' SALEWE ARE OFFERING A BIG REDUCTION INCARPETS, RUGS, MATTING.A l S OGAS RANGES AND HEATERS,AND THEY ARE THENEW PROCESS.willAbelard and Helolse.It is generally understood' that theashes of Abelard and Heloise rest,united, in the beautiful cemetery ofPere Lachaise. You are wrong in) thinking that Heloise died first. Shesurvived her lover some twentytwoyears, dying in 1164.Some Consolation.The people whomever get to the topmay console ' themselves-, with thel1.i..Lt tliaf 4-1. .ai. ama 'jwtn. ."!',Ask to See the Discount Off the NEW PROCESS GAS RANGE,moke your "ThankseiviRe Bakinr a PltasMrtCHRISTMAS SHOPPERS Are Taking Advantage of These Low Prices; $.r.LET US SHOW YOU. '&.A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.,' Vv-4 r-, . iXfe-i8-,vv.:-j , - t tnougBL iaai iner-. areno nre a T &&t y JZ& - f,j. k-., .t,,, ' - - 2. ..5iy.r--- fg...ii.J-ii;,.',l., ,..r. ., !,. .,.... ,)tJfvt'..... ..r-ff,, T .. ,, ,A, AT. . y.y.A.,fee r..-,. f rr- J.. -: A - -..... ,mm mm.- '.'rvb ii I ' i " ? t ft-After tfce U." prsnos4'yjm mr - s-&CmmpI Ih!J.x'hcto Dram OoClftw Yrtc,CCyrtht. W MIKJrvA.- t?.l-frj ,'?ui-J -f-rm?FI. 306- J.5ri 4"j .Of- "C,' - IHH.flB v.-B IrvWl-' v,J J7- '"VJv"-L I f TTTMfmT Pfl PARIS KY1 fir J 1 illli 1 uli LU mm m m mI liV VI II Hill I VII V Vl TeePhnes n-I .. --i ft! VV .n ..virNW-r-v.;-- viBIS5ELL5 newcyco" BALL. BEARINGCARPET, SWEEPER- MAKES A SENSIBLESUITABLE CHRISTMAS GIFTFOR MOTHER. WIFE, SISTER ORFRIEND - AT ALL PRICES... 'jt. . ..ft . J.' . m.0 ..ynrtww.w -I,,;;, ,')' - "v."a.NOTE OUR OTHER fajiSUGGESTIONSSOMETHING FOREVERYBODYPWr:.. sSKkvaaa,.. " ifr.7iBuy-HaveSuitable and Sensible Christmas Presents-Buy Them Here!DON'T WASTE MONEY ON TRASH !Your Presents Put Aside Now and Delivered When YouWish. Extra Inducements to Cash Buyers..M.I.U, - IPPM MLibrary CablesOf Every Kindat Prices thatPlease.Select Vour$ nowWe Wish to Call YourSpecial AttentionTo Our Exhibition oftiennecke Statuary.Every" Piece is a work of ART, copied froma masterpiece and shculd not be confused vwith the ordinary plaster goods. Every pieceis desirable and will make beautiful presents.cALSO SEE OURjLEATHER TABLE COVERS andWALL HANGINGS,BRASS GOODSgmg)tlKyyrWhen You Give as aPresent somethingthat people willspend their moneyfor you are givingsomething that willplease.The PEER of all ChristmasPresents is a. . McDougall Kitchen Cabinet . .A set of Grand Aluminum Ware FREE withevery Roll , Front Cabinet. The McDougall isthe Best made.Tell me of one Woman whoXwould not want aRower Electric ilactumt Cleaner?ATX v - - - , i , I,, .I m mJiSgWe are showing themost complete linesf BRASS andIRON BEDSWe have ever shown. TheyMake Desirable Presents.Kindle DavenportsGlobe Wernicke Book CasesCowan Mahogany" FurnitureElectroliers, Rugs, BlanketsFor lie MaoTheseChairsHaveNoEqual"Push Tke ButtMHUli Rntm-LETUsPutItcAsideNOWiredestalJardinierreTabouretteLadies' or Men's DesksDressing TableOffice .Chair - VABuffetChina CabinetWe have a few high-classVelocipedes and CoastersThere is Nothing Nicer than aPICTUREBUY HERE AND BEGIN BIGHT' 'flfWHYWait till the lastminute to makeyour choice? Youdo better by buyingearly.Special induce. ments for cash buyers. Goods deliveredon demand.etot. i f mm ah jflmi T bw -bbbv ,-b n.H -";,:- lmmvHmHtH . ';.r ,vriMMMHHftaBMHHMHBBBBBBIBBBBBBftVBBBHmi&JfittnfltaVJVfl:H.Hs.T:BV Vsffl V VM.HhH WjOMpyrlghu, by McClure Byndtcat.)- Vt vmjfir i r " " -.L".Cor. 6th 8 MamP: noes;V '-" wO 'Fy- '5"-T- -. -U35?H1.ms.;r;V1-1tL i-3'1' 'I;- !1 !1t-lrrU-i ti.vJLvrt jbV,- 'r- .! .-k-f;i' ttvr1n-Nyvl ,Jt '.'THE BQURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY .DECEMBER 4 1914,i-M,6t: 9UHL UNO NHLHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADECHRISTMAS TURKEYS.We will commence receiving turkeys Monday, Dec. 7,and will continue to receivethroughout the week if not!yrevented from doing so byjquarantine officials.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(20FARM SOLD.The Orville Phillips farm, locatednear Ruddles Mills, has been purchased by C. C. McLoney and Arthur Talbctt, of Cynthiana, for $8,250. Thefarm contains 162 acres.APRON SALE.The sale of aprons and eatables tobe held by the ladies of the Baptistchurch will begin this morning at the-tore of Mrs. Come Watson Baird andwill continue to-morrow. They will.xlso have a sale of good things to eat:d the same place to-morrow.BE A S-P-U-G.Get him a useful gift from(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.THINGS TO WORRY A80UT.Prominent Washington women ina box at the Columbia Theatrebrought forth their knitting materialluring the intermissions. Thethings they make are to be sent toSelgium for the relief of the sufferer r npnnle. One toair ofsonks 20T---0 L'I v Jats.rn lm-r nt tha t imvo S9fti:,e impulse is unimpeachable,'he arithmetic is bad.but.DIES OF PRESBYTERIANCHURCH TO GIVE SUPPERThe ladies of the Presbyterianchurch will give a dining to the menof the congregation, to be served inthe basement of the church to-night.The occasion will be made one of un;isual pleasure and enjoyment and istaken as an opportunity of bringingthe men into closer social contact with ioach other.FLORIDA CANE SYRUP.The best svrup you ever ate.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.JUDGE APPOINTS SUPERVISORS,The following well-known businessmen have been appointed by County jJudge McMillan to constitute the"Pourbon County Board of Tax Super- i,;.c.. tw r c Honrr "R AT Rpn.l(.iuio. xyi. ! j. j.j.vij, -. ... - . -,:ew Board will be held in the Bour- jton County Court House on the firstMonday in Januarv" Z" wwi, - IN. I - '-!. 1- ,'WHILE THEY LAST.fc.Barney & Berry Ice Skates, 50c;teel Wheel Roller Skates, S5c.(tf) FORD & CO."FLOWERS THAT BLOOM INTHE SPRING, TRA, LA!". .Tim wollrc nT-niin1 fllO Oniirf hfiUKexard have been bordered by hyacinthy nyacmuibulbs haveslid t.nlin bulbs, and crocus bulbs havet i i., J r- intarBO B i------ ' .nave ueeu piamcu i. ii..throughout the yards. When thesebulbs flower out in the spring theywill enliven the dull lines of the walksand present a beautiful and pleasingcontrast.at intervals j. ' . - .. ..-r--r,K,-U. w. d. jyi. ivicc i nxva.The members of the Young Ladies'Mission Circle of the Christian churchhave been invited! to attend the De-cember meeting of the C. W. B. M., to jbe held in the parlors of the church jat 2:30 o'clock this, afternoon. Irs..lonn uay, siaie rre&mcui u -C.T. TJ., will be the guest 01 theAuxiliary and will deliver an address. . ..n i i--kiiv vti ii..i-k Joseph H. Ewalt, Wm. G. Talbott, , Mrs. Anna Jefferson Sharp, who ; attended tne periormance ui jc yLiuis Rogers, Benj. Woodford and G. I has been a guest of Mrs. J. C. Elgin, at the Ben Ah m Lexington WedhesS. Allen. The first meeting of the ! Sr., at h-r home on Walker avenue i day night, with the tascmating littlefollow ITddsanrthV business U your druggist will not suploiiow the auaress auu mc o L f,T o mpst.s of rela- i, ,i ci nnfnr n fnll sistemeetin?SPECIALS FOR FIRSTWEEK INDECEMBER.Strictlv hand-paintedplates, 2oc; sttur nr p-lpi tumblers. 10c(tf) FORD & COA VALUABLE PREMIUM.14-karat sold-filled seal of Kentucky, free with every 10-cent box o.Tuxedo tobacco. Only a limited number left. . ..,Ot; JAS. E. GRA EN.PHOTOGRAPHSTvr iaii-i nr shine. Don'tletdark days keep you away The lightis sood on dark days between 10.00s m pnrl :00 D. m. UOn Lu v ""., r,r vrtiifl there's olenty cf timee tneres pi-iut t .s,to finish the work before Christmas 'l iiiii r-i iiii !.. -r r - .Positively no more oraersacce,rw PhrfsmaR delivery of printed-pictures after December 8.Don't telephone! I am too busy torawer calls. I guarantee to pleaseyou--("cranks" excepten.;A. R. JOHNS.deceitCATHOLIC WOMEN'S LEAGUEMAKES FINE DONATION.The Catholic Women's League oftl J Paris Catholic church realizedS33 from the receipts of their ooisupper and entertainment, gen atthoir club rooms, on High street, o, oi rru,-c with other amounu-NOv' .tl'JiA vr tv. ladies, makesrecently rai&u u. -- ., ;. f si?;n. whicl:-ently raised ty tne a ,total of about SloO. jhjeh reore-J?rX. -niTRrfvine contributionvt tneir -i.naBKbs" r--to the reief of the neeay iu -; -Desmes s irs?" -- r," nt!'provisions, . which ' tney -Readers of the BourbonNews will confer a favor ifthey will pall No. 124, bothphones, and telephone us . anyitems of news they may learn,particularly the coming -andgoing of visitors. If youhave guests, show them thecourtesy of giving their namesto our paper.Miss Susie Ashurst is ill at herjhome on Pleasant street.1 Mr. Albert Hinton is able to be lioi after a three-weeks' illness.j Miss Eliabeth Hinton is visitinguna. j. xi. .LULstjy, in narrousDurg.Misses Rebecca and Tillie Jayneshave returned from a visit to friendsin Leington.Mrs. B. M. Renick is visitingher sister, Mrs. Meade Frierson, inNashville, Tenn. .Mrs. Claude Crowe, of Maygville,was a guest of friends in this cityseveral days this week.Mrs. James Viox, of Lexington,is a guest of her sister, Mrs. Alex.Tingle, on Fifteenth streetMro. Thompson H. Tarr is aj guest of Mrs. Frank P.' Clay,at 'herj country home near Shelbyville.Mr. and Mrs. Robert P. Walshi have returned from a visit to Mrs.Luther M. Redmon, in Mt. Sterling,j Mrs. Albert Hinton is hostess toher sister, Miss Elizabeth Peed, ofMayslick, at her home on High street.Mr3. Hume Clay has returned to Iher home in Winchester, after a visitto friends and relatives in this -cityMr. and Mrs. Andrew Dykeshave returned to their home in Winchester after a visit to relatives inthis city.Mrs. Morris Fisher, of Hunting-'IGI1, VY . V a., is u susi ui -i.i . aim, TT -TT I .. ? ir ., -J! Mrs. Charles Goldstine, on Higginsavenue.Mr.and Mrs. Lawrence Dicker-j saon, who have been residing on ji Tentn street, nave removed to j-.ex-ington.Mrs. Logan Howard and littledaughter are at home from a visit tothe former's mother, Mrs. Baker, inLexing ton.Mrs. C. J. Clarke has gone toChristiansburg, Ya., to spend thewinter with her daughter, Mrs. J.Scott Meredith.Misses Leila and Georgia Speakerhave concluded a delightful visit toI friends in Carlislei All the 'associate members of the '! Progressive Culture Club are request- j D Burnaugh.j ed to meet at the club rooms at two ' Af'fcer the program there was a genj o'clock this afternoon. eral discussion of the Illiteracy Cam-i Col. James Arnold, of Newport, j ,- n? wliinh Mrs. James McClurewas the guest several days this week jof his niece, Mrs. Louis Rogers, in thecounty,Miss Pink Bridwell, who hasbeen seriously ill at the Massie Me-morial Hospital of typhoid lever torcm-oi-nl wodl-e is elmvlv imnroviiis.ov; - cn ii .uwi . ..-.has returned to lier home m Sharps-burg. . ,Miss Rebecca Keamon, wno nas. ftP rfllatives in f thisIJU. 1- v-.-ww -rountv, has returned to herduties at Hamilton College.school I: t Irliif-fo? at Hamilton, ucmenu. ui i-.tt.Y- uitiKs wi..0w .. " "?u"eb . i Gf those 'ho attended rrom Paris tol" -Hiss Rosa Clarice, who has been lows: -a ruest of Mrs. C. J. Clarke, at tnelatter home, on Stoner avenue, re-rrned to her home in Louisville,Wednesday 'I -Judged. B. Booe and daughter, ,"OR W. Gardner, and Miss Martnaion of Frankfort, were- theJa1!;":s yesterday of Mr. and Mrs. C. P.gt nJS 25n5vuaiTc :i'-"" """'" ' rAQmc whn fellrr .' u: i h v. IVwun- ii "au7 broke her hip at her' home in jfi,;o ;fv cottip wpeks aeo. is improv-c aid herpnVslctans5 now havehones of hei ' recovery:hZ5?i rnvvl Sdenendent says:"Mr David Bierly has gone to Paris .Mr- uavm ,ll. -, ,r.where lie nas Deen aosigueu m x. -f,r ot thA Julius Kessier uis-;uue uui-jr u., . f,.,1(arv nf that Diace this monthiMiss Neli whalev, who has been- fc Qf her father Mr. H. C.and family( f01. several days," - returned to her school duties inMldway Orphan School at Mid-wav.TLMrs. Martha Waller Clarke, and?j TiTnA i ryrr a i icv:hi v uuu. - . TTMir 1it1i-nur "i"ii.-i mino sja. --.- - - -n-nA in the nountv as guests of relatives, have returned to their homesin Cincinnati.i The regular fortnightly meeting j' of Parliamentary Club was held Wed-,nesday afternoon with liss uiaraBelle O'Neill at ner nome uu i"0AQf An interestinK uruuiaia ..intoroctin? nrocra.ni wu& io?c nut. the leaders uemg .mis. ,! V-ellie S. Higiiland. Mrs. W. R. Scott .and Airs. n. ua.uay.. ., t-..namtntarvr cmb WelaAday after-!. . .. i njn(T rr rnp Ka.r-wn.q the inoon, rne uiupcau. .t. (The Jiiiiropeau. vtisubject. Mrs. en anion awwhuw ,airman. Mrs. M. H. Dailey was the.fflT-mntivp leader andMrs. R. B.ui,flMft the negative leaderuuv'""' - , ., ., (. -vr-Reports from the bedside ot Mr.Rav Mannsv Mann, who has Been criLii.d.iiv 1W.jeral weeta, stute that he isins: slovly f witli nrstcias.,for sgvinprovt,i,;n,ac fnr recovery. is mouiei,."c ' ,. -.ro rpmains at hisr.crfi -rnnn.lire rii'fc?-. ii 'iiiiiii-" rfde."Anions:The first arrivals for the, roming holidays, is .Air. bnermaa xv. ,Snapp, who came in Tuesday rngnt, Senator j, x. Camden left Wednesfrom the wild and woolly West, to j dav for Washington sooner than he, be the guest of his mother. Mrs. Alice ( had intended going. He will uniteSnapp, and family, in White Addi- ( hig illfluence witll Senator James andtion.. Mr. Snapp, who is manager ol j the other Kentucky Representativesa crew of demonstrators for the Koy- i hl an effort to arrange terms where-al-BakingPowder Company, has for by fat glock can be slipped to raar-some time been stationed at Water- j kefc from Kentucky.loo, Iowa. jA very charming event of the A HANDSOME HOLIDAY PRESENT.social season, was the entertainment ;-Mn Saturday at th'e home of her j x handsome graphonola as a Christ-fci w. - - "n- .TiiA eniests wno partouiv ui -" thosoitality of the fair young hostessbospitaiityo Com Prankiewere Misses Marie", htm Collins, and Lilliaitand LilliannCl'- firaham Young, Stanley- Dick-1.v wiWilliam Collins, jouu rviieiici.,,,afr TjaXiiaDy. Uifeiuiua -w, jnarents Mr. .and Mrs. warren u6eio-mas girt Wouia De someuuug mat liion Cane,Ridge, by Miss Harriett Rog- whole family would enjoy. Call ino tiia p-nests who partook of the j aA look at the beautiful samples weRobert Jones, Frank Sledd; and, Mr.Kennedy, of Lexington.Miss Sue Bennettxhas returned toRichmond, after a visit to Mrs. Thos.Henry Clay, Jr.Mr. Lester Laselle, of New YorkCity, will arrive to-morrow to accepta position in The Fair Store.Mrs. Chas. A. 'McMillan was thehostess at a one-o'clock luncheon ves-. terdav in hrmnr nf Mo rinnn. m xt?-- ton.J Invitations have been received inJ Paris by a number of the young sociJ , ety folk to the Sterling Dancing Club'svu.iuwmw utixoc tju aveueiiiuBi" ilii.on DecemberGoodwin's Saxaphone Trio willfur-nish the music.Mrs. Greene Moore and sister,j Miss Chlora Ross; who have been re-I siding in Covington for severali months, have moved to Paris to maketheir future home, and have taken acottage on Parrish avenue. .Paris people who attended thefuneral and burial of Mrs. HettieBrown, in Milersburg, Tuesday, wereMr. and Mrs Millard Kenney, MissMary Kenney, Mrs. O. B. McShane,Mr. James McClure and Judge Harmon Stitt.The Winchester Democrat says:"Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Stevensonhave returned from Henderson, N. C,where they have been for some timeMr. Stevenson having been connectedwith the Taylor Tobacco Company,and will be located at Paris this season." Mr. and Mrs. Warren Fisher, whowere recently married at the homeof the bride, in Lexington, were gueststhe latter part of this week of Mr. andMrs. Louis Rogers, near this city.Mr. Fisher is the editor of the CarlisleMercury, and a brother of Miss Eliza-betll Fisher, who was a resident ofparis for a time, while engaged as amember of the teaching staff ot thePans Public Schools.The Progressive Culture Clubheld an interesting meeting Wednesday -afternoon. The president, Mrs.Amos Turney, presided. Mrs. MaryWalker read a paper on "Kentucky'sPart in the Revolutionary War;" Kentucky's Part in the Mexican War" wasa suDiect given oy Mrs. j. fer-ry Hutchcraft, while Mrs. P. A. Thomp-son read a paper on "Kentucky'sPart in the Spanish-American War."The regular weekly meeting ofthe'Paris Literary Club was held Wednesday afternoon, with the president,Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., presiding. The following histroical programwas rendered:. "Cromwell in Ireland" Mrs., William Myall."James II and the Siege of Londonderry" Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr."Protestant Ascendancy and thetqv,i ,? nnmavnii nrrips" Mrs.. the countv chairman. The nextmeeting ot tins ciud win ue ueiu ulthe home of Mrs. J. T. Vansant, andwill be a musical under the directionof Miss Buckner.! A large number of Paris peopleii Ta...actress, duub umm u.c llut ,wc;BUUe Burke Positively more Lianiubwunuus, sue wmest lovable actress on the Americanstage to-day. That's what the lJarisri uMitinoroiu ooiVI A nnrt.ifi.1 lifil".iur. aim .ura. wmuuu V,"1""' ""and Mrs. John Williams; Mr. and Mrs.Ollio Marshall; Mr. and Mrs. J . G.McClintock; Mr. and Mrs. W B. Ar-dery; Mr. and Mrs .Lou Taylor ; Mrana ivirs. unas. a .iuwuii.au, """:"Mrs. Leer Stout; Mr. and Mrs-SwutChampe; Mrs. .Harry uiay; iviis .nClay Howard; Mrs. Thomwell Tad-Clav Howard: INIrslock: Mrs. Frank P. Kiser; Mrs. war-ry Mathers; Mrs. Walta UFrank M. Clay; Ur. Martna retree,Mrs. T. F. Brannon; Mrs. ClarenceKenney; Misses Sallie and KatieComack, Carolyn Roseberry,- LottieHolladay, Mayme ana uiuaoeuiQnoorc Willie. T. Summers, Claraik - " - ". ...-..Crisp, Mabel Pe-Liuuuuei&, jtree; Mes3rs. J." A. Bower, LawrencePrice, Cha3. T. Kenney, Oweil 'Gibson,Geo. Rassenfoss, Jr., Charlton Clay,D. Y. L. Farley, Charles Peddicord andOscar Peddicord.WHY SUFFER WITH RHEUMATISMWhy suffer another minute? Van-johino-niiPimiatic Powder will curenlv you, send us $i.uutor a iuu tebottle.BAYLESS REMEDY COMPANY,(4-gt) Lexington, Ky.NO STAMPS ON CHECKS.an erroneous impression-inert; itprevailing tnatwar tax" stamps arenecessary on checksFor the information of the public it might be well Ix ij- l,n n. crfromriC 5trP .rPflllireflTf si.aLts uiai ivj ovu.m ".. --by the Government on checks for any.amount- fcTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.! A Paris girl has phonedTke News forthe. proper definition oi a uauguuuutne pr p.qtioo h to the con. e.. u& d hnutM is a hole Idvsnensia and re-ilsurroundedmorse.WILL WAGE FIGHT IN THEINTEREST OF STOCKMENliavc oa display. Come in and heart eyeral recor(i3-. Let ug Quote youSome prices.Anv brand of recordsnfov.he 'used on this machine.,VARDBN &'S0N.Sole Agents 'for Parishrx-j.ltTO HUNT IN MISSISSIPPI.Magistrate John Shropshire, Geo.Burberry, H. C. Clifford, Frank Sparksand Newton Bishop, all of the Clintonville precinct, were members of abunting party of fifteen that left hereTuesday for a fifteen-days' hunt nearMeridian, Miss. Others in the partywere U. S. Senator Marcus Smith, ofArizona; Hub Holliday- and GarijettClifford, of Cynthiana; Edward McNees, of Covington, and Dill Craig, otBerry.The party will go into camp and willspend the time hunting quail and wildturkeys.REAL ESTATE CHANGES.Mrs. Mabel Kendall, of Frankfort,sold to Mr. James H. Haggard, ofParis, a vacant lot on Parrish avenue,at a private price. ,CHRISTMAS GIFTS.Christmas is coming. Prepare bybuying from Winters during the bigauction, now on.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.In the good old days of newspaperdoni the dear ladies used to get $14worth of free advertising for theirchurch suppers, etc., in exchange fora generous sample of their luncheons,but it's different now. They get allthe fre'e advertising and never givethe poor newspaper men a thoughtwhile the latter are "burning the midnight oil."SHINGLES.AND ROOFING.Now is the time to replace thoseold roofs before winter sets in, followed by the usual heavy rains. Callon us for shingles and roofing. Bothphones 123.(dec-2t) JBOURBON LUMBER CO.FOR BELGIAN RELIEF.Tlio News will promptly forward tothe right parties any contributions ofprovisions, clothing of money intended for the Belgian sufferers.10 DON'TS1. Don't pav $5.00 for Boys'All Wool Blue Serge Suitswe sell themfor $3.48.2. Don't pay $10 for Ladies'Cloaks we sell for $4.98.3. Don't pay $5 for Muifs wesell for $2.98.4. Don't pay $5 for Rain Coatswe sell for $2.98.5. Don't pay $3 for Sboeswe sell for $1.98.6. Don't pay $6 for All WoolBlankets we sell for $3.48.7. Don't pay 12 l2c for DressGinghams we sell for 8 l3c."8 Don't pay 6 l2c for calicowe sell for 5c.I 9. Don't pay 50c for under-wear wp ?f!i ifir .wr.10. Don't pay $1.50 for men'sunion suits we sell for 85c.B. FRIEDMAN, Prop.3ftZSjtf?ZlZ??"TjS&&&-to'' "" iVictor-Victrolacompletes the family circleEvery one is on band in theevening- to enjoy the music oftfciYictor-Victrola.inis wonderful instrument33&&home attractive for the$S?q&$n and livens up theck$!be household.- fc& home need be without ayStft-Victrola there's one at afg?e.suit every purse. $15 to5 Game in and hear theWAbWffo,, let us explainDa'ugherty Bros.mmIll ttlilli1 59 ii sm'GScancffT-""ii ss&m ' .fisa&sas t,f ?r Jifivo 5a,i3m5 ' L-iliesi ' 'raws j:1 i ssmmwrni w1 1 P-HliEaliil"13 i, -fQUARTERLY MEETING.The first quarterly "meeting of theConference year will be lield at theMethodist church, Sunday. The Pre -siding Elder, Rev. E. L. Southgate,will be present, and will preach andadminister the Lord's Supper at themorning service, at 1045 o'clock.PARIS BOWLING TEAM TOBOWL IN WINCHESTEThe strong bowling team from the 'Yewell Alleys, in this city, will meetthe Winchester team in a match gameat the Gate City Alleys, on NorthMain street, in Winchester, next Wednesday night.At the last meeting of the twoteams, played on the Paris Alleys,Winchester was defeated by the narrow margin of only a few pins. Sincethen the White Way City boys havebeen nuttine: in some hard work inpractice games, and the Paris teamhas not been losing much time.The local team will be made up ofDuncan, Thomas, Hadden, Grey andCurtis, and will go to Winchesterready and prepare to put up a goodstiff game.One reason why a woman likes tofeed a tramp is because it is a pleasure to see a man eat without kickingabout the food.SAUSAGEThe Best Sage and Pepper ForSausage Seasoning atARDERY DRUG CO.'SThe home of Pure Spices, flavoring Extracts, Etc.Prescriptions A SpecialtyAnd Certified Drugs at the RegulariJ Price.EVERYTHING THAT DRUG STORES CARRY.The Ardery Drug Co.Clarke'saolGifts thatMndure3The very air is now-- I tt t rv r e ht11xiiiiQuiiao i,iThe choice and preferred gift is the one that,endures, because it suggests the continuity of loveaod friendship. Such gifts you will find at ' thisstorelOur reputation for absolute honesty and squaredealing; extending over a period of sixty years, protects you in every purchase made here.We will be glad to assist you in making, yourselections, wjrich we will reserve for you.Come in to-day.9? W4e-ee-eQ6'9-tH. MARGOLEN'SSpecial Prices FopSaturday,(NOTICE. AH oured and approve before being slaughteredinspection toy County inspector ur. namiilton.)DON'T m$$ THIS CHANCE!ye Quote the Following Prices For Saturday, Dc. 5Pork shoulders, 11 cents.Pork roast, loin or ham, 15 cents.Pure pork sausage, 15 cents.Pork chops, 15 cents.Best sirloin porterhouse steak, 20f cents.Fancy rib roast, 15 cents.Veal chops, 15 cents.Veal roast, 15 cents. . -Veal' cutletts, 15PlateIioast, 15 cents.Round, steak, 18 cents., , ' v'Chuck steak, 15 cents- - ft& f.Situation Wanted!.J o-x -, . '.' Jtu? l SSISfC;L wv j? f fSJSrho,ise wok an? helP with the coOltApply 720 Williams StreetClt-pd) Paris, Ky.Attention,farmers?Owing to the quarantine of JZotor&ZTLCounty, on account of the prevalsc6of the foot-and-mouth disease in stock,a mass meeting of the farmers sziaj stock raisers will be held at the cocrthirmco nn fn.,- nWomnnn ffitj day) at 2 o'clock for the purpose ofdiscussing the situation m Bourbon,and making an effort to have the quarantine raised. A large attendance irequested.c. a. McMillan,Judge Bourbon County Court:, vThere are not many sure things inthis world. But it is almost saf6 t6bet that an empty gun is loaded.mSEASON! IOld Stand.charged with the spirit ofofrTt no naiAocfuu Kff Kii wDec. 5tii.livestock is inspeelCured hog jowls, 10 cents.Pure leaf lard 10 cents.Country cured bacon, 15 ceata.Northern potatoes, 2& bu.$1.65.' . .25 lbs. best granulated sugar1.50.3 cans best tomatoes,- 25c.4 cans best corn, 30c.8 bars Lenox Soap, 2c.Evaporated Peaches lie Ik M.for 25c. fib.- Sta.for th same tuie' . , x"JfP'- N .L"4v--'a.-1 1f '"THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KY., DECEMBER 4, 19145R?fFOR THE HEAD OF THE HOUSE-Some Thoughts Concerning That Timcof Tribulation Known as "Moving tfay."New Subscribers'tEDW. BURKE,President.H. S. CAYWOOD,Vice-President.JNO,T. COLLINS,Manager.!jtzxTobaccot9!OpenmSATURDAYSecond housetiaradled the pastLowesttucky.sellingWe solicit your patronage and guarantee courteoustreatment and prompt service.xiii imJ1 'I 'I1 ' ' 'I' 'I' 'I' 'I' '- 'Z' 'I1 'I 'Z aZ' ' 'I C' 'I '2 'I1 'Ilis It Worth Insuring?Ask us to give you therates. We give especial attention to all farm business.Try us. Call 36 or 171 day,56 night.W. 0. HINT0N'& SON,XTHENEW PIRM.I H H Il"i"i"K'frfr'l"H"I'fr'H"l''Found at Last.The Electric Dry Cleaning Co. isthe place to have your clothes cleaned and pressed. Old suits and overcoats made to look like new. A trialwill prove this to you. Ladies' silkand fancy dresses a specialty. All-work called for and delivered by wag--on.Alteration and repair work of allkinds neatly done.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.,31. A. Canal & C. C. Applegate,627 Main Street, Paris, Ky.Both Phones, Cumberland 831.Home 4XS. (13-lmo)jHOW IS YOUR i ITOBACCO? !lX sSi --Certainly?ft IN I til I (turns 1 ilblt S 1 1SPECIAL ROUND TRIP FARES TOFLORIBA-CUBA-NEW 0RLEAM;AND TO ALL OTHER RESORTS OF THE SOUTH.TICKETS ON SALE DAILY. LIBERAL RETURN LIMIT.FAVORABLE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.EQUIPMENT, SERVICE-AND SCENERY UNSURPASSEDThe BourbonWarehouse Co.Paris, Ky.ANNOUNCE THEIRFORin Kentuckyseasonsfees of any ShtousefoATTENTIONPEOPLE!Do You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.IIIXTELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101Thousands of people keep coughingbecause unable to get 'the right remedy. Coughs are caused by Inflammation of Throat and Bronchial Tubes.What you need is to soothe this Inflammation. Take Dr. King's NewDiscovery, it penetrates the delicatemucous lining, raises the Phlegm, andquickly relieves the congested membranes. Get a 50c. bottle from yourdruggist. "Dr. King's New -Discoveryquickly and completely stopped mycough" writes J. R. Watts, Floydale,Texas. Money back if not satisfied,but it nearly always helps.(Nov.) adv.oT ... .... ,v.oot ,oSPHMGLC1SFor Particulars Apply to AnyTicket Agent or AddressC KING, Pass'r and Tide! Ages!101 East Main St., Lexington, Ky.i5Xin Central Ken"foWinter TouristRatesRound trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily from Oct. 1st, 1914, toApril 30, 1915, to all principal touristpoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico,Texas and Havana, Cuba, with finalreturn limit May 31, 1915, with verylibeval stop-over privileges. Also lowround-trip Home-Seekers tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, Louisianaand Mississippi, on sale first and thirdTuesdays ot each month, with finalreturn limit vfteen days from date ofsale. For further information, call onor address,J. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.LVe. Court House.7:10 a m7.45 a m8.15 a m8.45 a m9.15 a m9.45 a m10.15 am'10.45 a m11.15 a m11.45 a m12:05 p m12.45 p m1.15 p m1.45 p m2.15 p m2.45 p ni3.15 p m3.45 p m4.15 p m5.15 p m5.40 p m.C3 p m6.30 p m"City Limits Only.Lve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 'a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m .11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m' 1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m6.40 p mKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor ParisLee Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m '" 6:50 p m8:15 p mb.uu a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 am10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p ei2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p m ,' Daily 'except Sunday1U:U5 p mkZgsXm ILIZL i C3in amount; of businessIOn moving day take a little tipfrom mother and:Don't expect to find everything toits usual place until the van arrives.Some teamsters are superstitiousabout moving a gas range with a mealcooking on top of it.Don't kick if you can't find the lower half of your favorite suit. Probably mother is wearing it.Don't object if mother rolls you butof bed in the morning by pulling thosheet from under you. She has doubtless packed all the tablecloths.Don't raise a row if your watch ismissing. Tho baby has to have something to keep him quiet.Don't complain if you find j-ourboxof choice cigars "nearly empty. Thoiceman had to be tipped yesterday forhelping to move the furniture somother could take up the rugs. It'sa safe gamble that the grocery boywill get the rest of them today.Don't be t66 fussy about what you"have for breakfast. Tomorrow youmay have to eat what you leave today. m ....Don't bo surprised if you find thehouse locked when you bring an im1expected friend home todinner aftertelling mother you will eat flowntown yourself. You will find thefamily at the restaurant around thecorner.Don't wonder why mother is a trifleirritable when you return at midnightfrom a pleasant evening at the club,and find her still- oil the job, doingthings she had asked you to do. Somethings got oil a woman's nerves.Don't be annoyed if there is hoanswer to your telephone call in themiddle of the afternoon. ,The phoneisn't out of order. The children are inschool and mother is out doing theerrands you promised to attend to and Iforgot.Don t grumble if the dinner looksrather picked-uppisn after you havesaid you 'didn't know whet her youwould come home to it or not: Inde:cision has wrecked greater thingsthan dinners.Detroit Free, Press.Transmitting Light by Wire.Deputy Consul General Carl E. 'Loopof London reports that Dr. ArchibaldH. Low, a consulting engineer,claims to have discovered a hovelmethod for transmitting light by wire,the contrivance including a transmitter, a receiver, and a connecting wire,with the transmitter a screen dividedinto a large number of selenium cellswhose electrical resistance Vanes according to the light striking it.A synchronously running roller ispassed over the screen and includesa number of alternating conductorsand insulotors, a motor driving therollers at high sped.The invention is referred to by theinventor as a kineomatographic application of common electrical principles, and while it has been tested tothe equivalent of: four miles, the Inventor sees no reason why it shouldnot be effective for greater dislances. """ ' " "Taking Up Italian.Now that Geiman is being oustedfrom the curriculum of some of England's secondary schools, possiblyItalian may be inserted in its place.Such an alteration would have beencordially welcomed by Gladstone. "Afavorite topic with Mr. Gladstone,"writes the present head master ofEton, "was the preference in Englisheducation of German to Italian. Helisted to deplore it, saying that whenhe read Dante he felt that he was inthe hands of a master, But that theGermans had produced no first-rateliterature. Sometimes his interlocutor would object that Goethe was afirst-rate writer. The rejoinder was'Certainly not. Goethe created aworld 'Without any conception ofduty.' Sometimes a discussion wouldarise on this point, but I never heardthat it reached any conclusion." PallMall Gazette.Before New Orleans Battle.One hundred years ago the Britishnaval forces were beginning to rendezvous in the Gulf of Mexico, preparatory to the campaign before New Orleans. Soen the calm waters of thegulf were to be the scene of a greatgathering of men-of-war flying theBritish flag. All the vessels of Admiral Cockburn's fleet, recently engaged in the Chesapeake bay operations, were on their way to the gulf, Itogether with other warshins, transports and schooners, to the numberof 50 vessels. At the head of thefleet was the big warship Tonnant,; carrying the nag of Admiral Cock-burn. On board the transports were7,000 Eoldiers, who were to take partin the expedition against the southerncity, and who were now in high goodhumor at the prospect of escaping thehardships of a winter campaign inthe North." Safeguarding Wounds.In the course of a letter urging theimmediate adoption of compulsory antityphoid inoculation in the British iarmy, Sir Aimrotb E. Wright says thatthe British army and navy and theFrench military hospitals have al- Jready been supplied with 180,000 doses 'of an "antisepsis" vaccine, which it I Dr. W. C. Wilkerson, formerly ofis believed will be of great value in , Little Rock, has opened an office inprotecting the wounded from infec- ' the Deposit and Peoples Bank Buildtion. When a wound heals by first ' ing' on Main Street, for the practiceintention, that is. without suppuration . ot!!!Tl' fthi fnrmntirm r,f rmo to BA;nnc.nMn ".v r . '. . "" ,' : " ' --M. x-ently tne antisepsis vaccine tends to Ipromote this result.RECENTLY INSTALLED BYParis Home Telephone &Telegraph Company2010-2 Ardery, Ben B., residence.37 Blount, Mrs. A. E., residence.160 Bouabon Tobacco Warehouse.306 Burgin, Mrs. E. C, residence.202 Busy Bee Cash Store.390 Carr, Robert R., residence.366 Caywood, Miss Jane, residence.178 Chandlei, Taylor, residence.355 Collier, Peale, residence.5 Eagles Club Room.2003-4 Edwards, 0., Shackelford Bldg-.257 Elliott, James, residence.197 Ellison, H., residence.35 Ewalt, Sam., residence.287 Freidman, B., store.408 Gilchrist, J, E., residence;323 Horine, H. N., residence.480 Hughes, W. R., residence.500 Lancaster, U. F., residence.278 Lykens, G. W.. residence.402 Mast. E. L., residence.453 Merrimee. Mr3. W. T., residence.343 Meyers, E. B., residence.the Paris Rome telephone ana Celcgrapb go(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.OurjOj a JV W My sf4 MP fflf M ff 6TAREKIRSCHBAUMComplete$15.00 andOther Values $10.00 and $12.50.Shoes $2.50 to $5,00. Full Line ofBoys' Clothing. Give Us a CallT-win.Clothing and Shoe Department.L. WOLLSTEIIN,-Prop,' mm imwi 0 dKINDLYTwin Bi. Dwrinf Store.Seventh and MainNOTICE." "uftclwu "tto "ccii JfcaA.".iuBphysician in Bourbon countyfor thepast twenty-eight years.w n WIL.TCRRSONT'Home Phone, 369; Cumb.' Phone, 741.f (ldec-tf) , ' ' i Pans, Ky?469 Monson. Charles, store.121 Moore & Nutter, office.432 Moore. C. G.. rpsirlpnno1 2049-2 Neal, L. C, residence!66U-1 Parks, Ira & Son, garage330-2 Parks. Ira & Son, residence.153 Reese, R.f residence.266 Sauer, Wm., residence."69 Simms, Mrs. W. E., residence.199 Walsh, R. P., residence.96 VVilmoth, Mrs. S. M., lesidence.369-1 Wilkerson, Dr. W. C, office.394 Woodall, H. N., residence.2013 Wright, Clarence J., residence.477 Wright, Mrs. Cynthia, residence.18 Y. M. C. A., office.M1LLERSBURG EXCHANGE.24 Arderv, W. E., residence.136-3 Hill," A. T., residence.62 Jones, Charles, residence.NORTH MIDDLETOWN EXCHANGE15 Judy, B. F., store.16 McDaniel, John C, residenee.4 Rash, Bert, residence.NOWGUARANTEEDFallAnnouncement All the LatestFall Styles inDress Goods,Dry Goods,Itlillinery, tcWe Can Please YouBargain Prices.ATCALLSts., Pris, KyExpert CarriagePainter.Mr. jrercy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been rnrnloy--edby Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thePast 8 yers, has opened a shop at the-corner of Fouth and High Streets, andsolicits the patronage of those needing anything in his lie.Eoti Phones 583. ylJLinesS20.00BrosSir yrYTSajaiiuwaV1THE BOURBON NEfyS PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBERS, 1914Vf4t4rli4ft1-1-1 1 1 II '1 1 1 H ! ! T T T T T T T T itf-rVM ?'''' -1''1 fltWolf, Wile & Co,formerly Jfaufman, Straus & CoXjOixiiELgr-ton.yAttention to Our ThirdFloor Section.What could be more desirable for a Holiday Gift thansomething unique and elegant in aElectric Hall or Desk Lamp?We carry them from $2.50 up in great variety, shadesmade up to your order to match any color scheme.A special line of imported Drapery Scarfs with SofaCushions to match something entirely new.Table Covers in a new foreign style, fast color noveltyprinting:, something quite novel and distinct. These roundand square covers and also Table Runners can be had invarious sizes and where a set is wanted the missing sizes( an be ordered.Other Gift Suggestions.Bed Comforts$1.00 up.Down Comforts$6.00 up.Bath Robe Blankets$2.50 up.Auto Rugs$5.00 up.Woolfilled Comforts$3.50 up.Wool Blankets$4.00 up.Couch Covers$2.00 up.Wall Panels$7,50 up.I5iWords in Various LanguagesThere is no accurate or complete estimate available of the number ofwords m the vocabularies of the various nations. The English language,however, is generally conceded to havethe largest number of words. The following figures are taken from reliabledictionaries of the various languagesand are fairly complete: English,450,000 words; German, 300,000 words; ,French, 140,000 words; Italian, 140,000 'words; Spanish, 120,000 words.MRS.McCLAIN'S EXPERIENCE WITH CROUP."When my boy, Ray, was small liewas subject to croup, and I was always alarmed ats uch times. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy proved farbetter than any other for this trouble.It always relieved him quickly. I amnever without it in the house for Iknow it is a positive cure for croup,"writes Mrs. W. R. McCain, Blairsville,Pa. For sale by all dealers.(adv-dec)JUST IN TIME.Some Paris People May Wait Till It'sToo Late.Difference in Men..Some men try to hide their light under a bushel and some others try tomake the world believe they are thewhole dynamo.SICK HEATACHE.Sick headache is nearly alwayscaused by disorders of the stomach.Correct them and the periodic attacksof sick headache will appear. Mrs.John Bishop of Roseville, O., writes:""About a year ago I was troubledwith indigestion and had sick headache that lasted for two of threedays at a time. I doctored and trieda number of remedies but nothinghelped me until during one of thosesick spells a friend advised me totake Chamberlain's Tablets. Tis medicine relieved "me in a short time."For sale by all dealers.(adv-dec)A Visit to the Gift Shop on theThird. Floor.Every day from to-day on until the 24th of December vwill be a time saver and a time saver and a profit-makerto you. Make your first visit on Monday.WOLF, WHHonors Were Even.Ethel (tossing her head) "A kiss?Certainly not! I never kissed a man? i in mv life.' Jack "You've nothing onj w.. I me; "I never did either." Philadelphia' Public Ledger.4PROMPT ACTION WILLSTOP YOUR COUGH.EX CO.When you first catch a Cold (oftenJ indicated by a sneeze or cough), breaki it up at once. The idea that "it doesnot matter" often leads to seriouscomplications. The remedy whichX j immediately and easily penetrates theForm erlyKauf man, Straus & Co.Lexington, KentuckyH t li',',M'C'S,CC''I'C,C'I,,4'5,,'S','S'S"S'':Sr H"H"l"fr'''t&EKSVSZWKftNOWIS THE TIMJEllining of the throat is the kind demanded. Dr. King's New Discoverysoothes the irritation, loosens thephlem. You feel better at once. "Itseemed to reach the very spot of myCough" is one of the many honest testimonials. 50c at your Druggist.(adv-dec)Daily Thought.It is not work that kills man; it isworry. Work is healthy; you couldhardly put more upon a man than hecan bear. Worry is rust upon theblade. It is not the revolution thatdestroys machinery; it is the friction. Beecher.To Bfiv Your Fail and Winter Shoes,The only thing youwant to know is the shoestore that sells the moststylish and most reliableshoes shoes that lookgodd and , are good andgive you satisfaction inevery respect. This shoestore is vOn Improvement.We cannot improve the world fasterwe improve ourselves. Creigh-ton.9 i thanf IJ & V- 1;SiNotice to Creditors' All persons having claims against, the estate of J. J. Peed, deceased, willJ t present same properly approved to me9 ' at jMillersburg, Ky. All persons owingi estate will please call and settle.g RUTH E. PEED,Administratrix.2 I Estate of J. J. Peed, deceased.reletsShoeQs!W i"isrsaoTzcsrKJtsancsKraurcKXETicasusaPrivate Nurse.oreOn Main Street,' Between Sixth and Seventh.0IMrs. Carrie Frakes Stone will spendthe winter here and clfers her ser-i vices as trained nurse in privatehomes. Eight years experience iui hospitals, institutional and privatenursing. Graduate of Louisville CityHosnital Training School. Call Cumberland phone 42S. (27-2t)forSaie.Don't wait until too late.B& sure to be in time.Just in time with kidney ills.Means curing the backache, the dizziness, the urinary disordersThat so often come with kidneytroublesDoan's Kidney Pills are for thisvery purpose.Here is testimony to prove theirmerit.Mrs. B. F. Ball, 718 Lancaster St.,Lexington, Ky., says: "One of ourfamily was sick for three months fromkidney trouble and a lame back. Hehad shap pains in his back and wasso lame and sore that he couldn'tturn in bed without help. His limbsached day and night andswelled. Hewas iritabie and had trouble from. irregular passages of the kidney secretions. If the secretions stood for alitle while, thero was a dark sedimentdeposited. He doctored and tried allkinds of kidney remedies, but nothing helped him until he used Doan'sKidney Pills. Three boxes drove awayall the troubles."Price 50c at all dealers. Don't simply ask for a kidney remedy get Doan's Kidney Pills the same that Mrs.Ball recommends.Foster-Milbunr, Co.,Proprietors, Bucalo, N. W.WALTER MARTINERNEST MARTINNo Need to Employ an Architect."Nope!" replied J. Fuller Gloom ofSniffles, Mo. "I shall not be obligedto employ an architect to plan andoversee the building of my new house.The loafers hanging around will tellme how everything snould be done."Kansas City Star.KEEP IT HANDYFOR RHEUMATISM.No use to squirm and wince and trvto wear out your Rheumatism. It willwear you out instead. Apply someSloan's Liniment. Need not rub it injust let it penetrate all through theaffective parts, relieve the sorenessand draw the pain. You get ease atonce and feel so much betterf youwant to go right out and tell othersufferer's about Sloan's. Get a bottle of Sloan's Liniment for 25 cents ofany druggist and have it in the houseagainst Cold?, Sore and SwollenJoinst, Lumbago, Siatica and like ailments. Your money back if not satisfled, Yvt it dee1; give almost instantrelief. Buy a. bottle to-day.(adv-dec)Ample Reason.The bride's sister and the bridegroom's mother went along on the wedding trip to Europe and that waswhere the bridegroom took to drink.A TEST FOR LIVER COMPLAINT.Mentally Unhappy Physically Dul9INEW LIVERY STABLE!New Carriages Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special j Attention Given to.Weddings, Funerals,. Parties,Dances,. Etc.Horses Boarded By Day, Week or Month!Haulfog f Every Description Done. Transfer Busi-f ness a Specialty.S Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main StreeJ place will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin. -I MARTIN BROS.S Stables Eigth St., Main St. Both Phones?It Is Time ForJYou to ThinkI About-HEATINGSTOVESWe Have Every Kind of Beating and CookingStove Made!&THE RADIANT HOME-best heater inthe world.The Liver, sluggish and inactive,firsts hows itself in a mental wayunhappy and critical; Never is therejoy in living, as when the Stomach andLiver are doing their work. Keep yourLiver active and healthy by using Dr.King's New Life Pills; they empty theBow-els freely, tone up your Stomach,cure your constipation and purify theBlood. 25c at Druggists.Bucklin's Arnica Salve excellent forPiles.(adv-dec)THE CELEBRATED WILSONHEATER.GASRiches on Pacific Island.An island in the Pacific of which aFrench company has obtained controlis believed to contain 10,000,000 tonsof high-grade phosphates and manymore million tons of inferior quality.THE O. K. LINE OF COOKING STOVES.They have no equalIn fact everything from the smallest tothe largest. See our line and get ourPrices.1 Lowry & TalbottCHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDY, THE MOTHERS' FAVROITE.tl71Lbs. GranulatedSugar(With a $2.00 Purchase.)MCI A AllxPl.VV?2Vi2Sa2b'Sm 22S23GWhen the Leaveslo lurnBeiTwo mules, suitablewagon, for sale cheap.S.(27-31)for deliveryG. CLAY.Paris, Ky."I give Chamberlain's Cough Remedy to my children when they haecolds or coughs," writes Mrs. VerneShaffer, Vandergrift, Pa. It alwayshelps them and is far superior to anyether cough medicine I have U3ed. Iadvise anyone in need of such a medicine to give it a trial." For sale by.all dealers.95Men's thoughts turn to the problem of heating duringthe coming cold season. They figure tb get the mostheat for their money.Try Fox Ridge Coal.Dodson i SJeotoDParis, Ky.Yrr?c Smifh Mam St. Both Phones 140JigXDissolution Notice.This is to notify the public that thepartnership business of the firm ofGault & Thomas, doing business in thecity of JMillersburg, Kentucky, is thisday dissolvied by mutual consent. Theobligations of the firui will be assumedby the undersigned.F. M. THOMAS.November 28. "1914. l-2tA ModelBarber Shop4--CHAIRS-4Expert and polite Barbers.All the latest requirements and sanitary equipments that it takes to makea modern shop, tfewly papered andpainted. Hot and co.ld baths.Cutting of children's hair a specialty. No long waits at our shop. Youare invited to call.RUSS CORBIN,ODposite Fordbam Hotel.(17-lmo); :jLL.i.-AJifljES"Thedford's Black-Draughtis the best all-round medicinelever used," writes J. A.Steelman, oiPattonville, Texas."I suffered terribly with livertroubles, and cduld get no relief.The doctors said I had consumption. I could not work atall. Finally I triedTHEDFORD'SBLACKDRAUGHT and to my surprise, I got better,and am to-day as well as anyman." Thedfofd's Black -Draughtis a general, cathartic,vegetable liver medicine, thathas been regulating irregularities of the liver, stomach andbowels, for over 70 years, (jeta package today. Insist on thegenuine Thedford's. E-7021-2 pound can Tomatoes,solid packed 9c2 1-2 pound can Sweet Potatoes, 9cSugar Leaf Can Peas, 20c value : 17cSugar Leaf Can Peas, 20c value 14cCardinal Brand Peas, 12 l-2c value 10cBaby Bunton Corn, per can 8cElephant Corn, per can ." ScPie Peaches, per- can 8 l-3cHunt's Peaches, per can 23cLemon Cling or Sliced Golden State Can Peaches, 20c val ISc2 1-2 lb. can Hawaiian Pine Apple . 23cMacaroni, 10c package 8cGolden Medal Oats, package 8cCutono Oats, package 8cMother's or Quaker Oats . 9c16 oz. package Seeded Raisins 12 l-2c12 oz. package Seeded Raisins 9c16 oz. package Currants .- 12 l-2cMince Meat, 3 packages 25c2 large Mackerel 15c3-tie Brooms, extra good .' 20c4-tie Brooms, extra good . 30c4-tie Brooms, 50c value x. 40cHarrison's Buck Wheat Flour, package 10cDon't think because our terms are cash you have to cometo the store. We have both phones- and the delivery boy carries change with him, so you may pay at home as well as store.Watch our space every week and see what you can save -by.paying cash.T. C. LEINIHANCash Grocer. Both Phones 234JGrSnt-1- nliniAn TtAt1T0 MflM. SfirO jlUSeles. Neuralcia. Backache, lieadache and-7. .! --".-w - i,i, ;ru fmn toan pains, xuur muurjr n"-'" V- v -1linva iinv neha m any B.irt of tn8 tou. ifiitoan minutes time. . .JPrico 50c. JLt -4 Xrwfff7tatree eampla asd circular sent oa reuca-BOURBON REMEDY COHfANT, mm3 East Main St., Lexington. yMlFOR SALE.i Handsome Antique, Solid Mahogany Wardrobe, claw feet. Photo ofsa"me will be furnished on application-.I AddressI THE BOURBON NEWS,' (tf) Paris, Ky.&LLOST.I Large black fox skin muff, eitheron Main street, or Winchester pike.' Finder return to purbon News adget reward. -i3ir-fa'..,1";n'4,fTHE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 4 1914TO-DA YSPECIAL!Columbia TheatreSPECIALAdmission - - 1 0 Cents.Thrills, TearsCheersand LaughterThe Biff Feature Picture in 6 ReelAfter the BallTaken From the World's Famous Song.SPECIALTO-DA Y!THFIND THENEWS OF MILLERSBUR6MATRIMONIAL.te"PRUDENTMAWDEATHSBIRTHS'W.MfflnniwimuHB- pwMBHaBviBMnaaaa.Mrs. A. T. Moffet visited friends atCarlisle, Tuesday.Quite a number from here sawBiilie Burke at the Ben Ali, Lexington,Wednesday night.Mr. J .T. Adair, who is travelingwith, the Farmers' Institute, is at homefor a few days.Elder and Mrs. C. O. Cossaboomvisited relatives at Morgan from Monday until Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Jefferson havereturned after a several weeks' visitto relatives at Jacksonville, 111.Mrs. J. M. Alverson and little son,Gi Lawrenceburg, are guests of herlather, Mr. J. G. Allen, and family.Quite a number from here attendee, the opening of th3 loose leaf tobacco market at Lexington, Tuesday.Miss Marjorie Rudder has returned to her home at Cincinnati, after atwo-weeks' visit to Miss Noia ttcu !.Mrs. J. D. Redd was the juest wfher parents, Mr. and Mrs. li,.,..,iit Wilmore, from Sunday unia JkJnesday.Miss Nola'Hedd has secured aposition as teacher in the GradedSw-iool, at Athens, Fayette county, anden:ered on her duties Monday.Mr. D. E. Clarke and family moved, Tuesday to his handsome newlicme, just completed, from the property of Mrs. Sue V. Sandusky, on Virginia street. Mr. E. S. Barton and. family moved Wednesday to the property vacated by Mr. Clarke and familyin Vimont flat.Among the entetainments of theweek were those given by Mrs. AshbyLeer and Mrs. Mack Jones. The former entertained with cards on Thursday evening, while the latter entertained a social party on Tuesdayevening, in honor of Prof. Razor, ofPaint Lick.Dr. W. M. Miller is soon to teardown the property now occupied by.Mr. R. B. McWhorters and family anderect on the site a large and commodi-ot-3one-story store building, whichwill be occupied by the furniture andundertaking establishment of Mr. M.ID. Pruitt The contract has been letto Mr. T. E. Sheeler.T.he last regular meeting of theCity Council was- held Wednesdaynight. Beyond the transaction ofroutine business, little was done. AllOutstanding accounts, including salaries of the city officials, were allowedand ordered paid. Mr. C. E. Hawkins"was elected as Councilman to succeedthe late Mr. J. J. Peed. Messrs.Owen W. Ingels, T. D. Judy and Henry3owling were appointed Board of"Tas Supervisors. Mr. W. V. Shaw adRATLIFF.Mr. Roland Ratliff, of Sharpsburg,died in the Good Samaritan Hospital,in Lexington, following an operationfor appendicitis. He was a cousin ofMr. Claude Ratliff, of Paris.EMMAL.Mr. William B. Emmal, agedninety-seven, died at his home in Lexington, Monday night, from the infirmities of old age. He had been a member of the Odd Fellows since 1839,and was said to be the oldest Odd Fellow in the world.A son was born to Mrs. LauraClay Macey, at the Good SamaritanHospital, in Lexington, Saturday.Mrs. Macey is a daughter of Mrs. MaryThomas Ireland, formerly of Paris.GO SEE "SANTA.""Santa Claus" is here. All the littlefolks, and the big .folks, too, mustcome to our store and see him.(It) STANT. RUMMANS.WINTERS' AUCTION TO-DAY.Don't fail to attend the auction saleto-day at Winters'. Every article ofjewelry in this high-class store, diamonds excepted, is being sold to thehighest bidder. Two sales daily at2:30 p. m. and 7:30 p. m.RUGOUSTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.The heavy fog of Tuesday nightcaused Bob Porter to break out insong: "When the Mists Have RolledAway." Everyone who knows Bob willrecall the fact that he has a melodiousvoice.BASKET DAY.ofWatch our show window SaturdayEach basket contains $1.20 worth ofstaple groceries for $1.00.(It) T. C. LENIHAN.Rev. J. J. Dickey will preach atthe Monterey school house next Sunday afternoon. A cordial invitation isextended to all to attend.Services will be held at the Presbyterian church Sunday morning at10:30, and in the evening at 7:30. Atthe morning service the pastor, Dr. B.M. Shive, will take for his subject,"A Real God." The Men's Bible Classand the Woman's Bible Class willmeet at the usual hour, 9:30 a. m. inthe auditorium.Mrs.,W. O. Paxton, of New York,is a guest of her sister, Mrs. MaymeFithian."GOOD WILL" COALAND GASHEATERS.Attend our special sale now goingon at 716 Main street. For this weekonly special sale of "Good Will" Coaland Gas Heaters, at low prices.(It) PARIS FURNITURE CO.THE TURKEY MARKET.Chas. S. Brent & Bro. will begin receiving turkeys Monday at their pensin Paris, Millersburg, Carlisle andFlemingsburg, for the Christmastrade.There is no doubt that the crop ofturkeys throughout the country is aslarge as reports have indicated, andthis in likely to cause a glut in themarket. Eastern dealers did notdressed the Council on the matter of 'know just what to expect in the wayth-e exorbitant rate charged pictureshows in Millersburg and asked thatth-a rate be made equitable to confirmwiib those in force in other towns.Tre matter was referred to the LightCommittee for action.of receipts, but now they believe thedemand will almost exceed the supply. Locally the market will be well taken care of, as the supply of birds herewill equal the demand.CAN YOU STAND FORTHIS IN KENTUCKY.Think of it!208,084 Kentuckinas can neitherread nor write.87,000 men cannot read thir ballots.Kentucky stands fifth from the bottom in white illiteracy. Help fight fora place at the top.Retards agricultural development.Prevents establishment of manufactories. Corrupts politics and increasescrime.Foster disease and immorality.Prevents development of the child.What does it do to your business?What will you do about it?Let's educate the man for the sake ofthe State; the women for the sake ofthe child.Let everybody who can read helpthose who cannot.Rowati county has no illiterates because it has moonlight schools.We need and must have moolightschools in every county.Mrs. John Davis is in charge of theilliteracy cause in Bourbon county.A woman will often say what shethinks when she says it withoutthinking.A girl will not choose a book by itscovers. But she will judge a man byhis looks.If people could live without love andmoney the jails would all be closedand the police forces disbanded.Too many people are taking the RestCures when what they need is theWork Cure.It may sound queer, but it is a' factthat the girl with the most cheeknever blushes.WEDLS-CARTERMr. Harry B. Wells, aged twentyone years, a prominent farmer of thiscounty, and Miss Ida Lee Carter,aged twenty-one years, of near thiscity, were married in Maysville, theRev. A. F. Stohl, of the MaysvilleChristian church, officiating.The following handsomely emgraved invitations have been receivedby friends and relativesin Paris:Mrs. Samuel Bennettrequests the honor of your presenceat the marriage of her daughterSusan AnnetoMr. Allen Withers AshbrookEnsign United States Navyon Wednesday evening, the ninthDecemberone thousand nine hundred andfourteenat six o'clockChrist Church CathedralLexington, Kentucky.The bride is a member of one of theoldest families in Lexington, and byreason of her many graces of character, has long been a favorite in thesociety circles of Lexington. She ishandsome and attractive and has awide circle of friends.The groom is well .known here,where he passed most of his boyhooddays. He is a son of the late Mr.Earl Ashbrook, a prominent memberof the Bourbon bar, and at one timeCommonwealth's Attorney of the Circuit district. His mother, Mrs. T.Earl Ashbrook, has been a resident ofLexington, for many years, havingmoved there from their farmnear Paris.ADAIR THOMAS."The little blind god" scored another victory yesterday afterno.onwhen he piloted a well-known youngcouple of this city to a union of heartsand hands.Mr. Bennett Thomas and Miss SallieE. Adair were the two young peoplewho were the princial actors in thecast. They secured a marriage licensefrom County Clerk Pearce Paton yesterday morning, and were driven inan automobile to the home of thebride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. P.Adair, on the Cynthiana pike, wherethey were married at three o'clockyesterday afternoon by Rev. GeorgeH. Harris, rector of St. Peter's Episcopal church, of Paris.The marriage ceremony was witnessed by only the immediate relatives of the young couple, Mr. andMrs. A. P. Adiar, Mr. und Mrs. Douglas Thomas, Sr Mr. and Mrs. FrankP. Walker, Mr. and Mrs. DouglasThomas, Jr., Mr. and Mrs. Ben Arderv an Mr. Sam Adair and CharlesAdairI VVMMIMMr",M r ' 'SeVm vWA MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMTi. I ylwESL-il k 1bMBAi - B mBMUlf. WflMY-l&iiifMB SJsfevJPffi!iMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMBiSSPMMMBMMMg:The boss who sometimes goes home early is not theman who when a young man came to business late, watchedthe clock and spent his money even BEFORE he got it.NO. He started early, worked late and above allBANKED his money.You can do the same.DO IT. - -Make OUR bank YOUR bank 'We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPITAL .$130,000.00SURPLUS 80,000.00STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY. .. . 150,000.00Protection to Depositors $320,000.00S. E. BEDFORD, President. C. K. THOMAS, Cashierthe good wishes and congratulations ofthe assembled company, were drivento Lexington in an automobile, andfrom there left for a short bridaltour.The marriage is the culmination ofa romantic attachment existing between Mr. Thomas and Miss Adair formany years, and wilL be somewhat inthe nature of a surprise to their manyAppearances Deceptive."You can't alius judge by facial expression," said Uncle Eben. "An oyster dat's jes' bein' opened mus' bemis'able, an' yet it looks like it's laughin'." Washington Star.bill VV V r A,BBBBBB BBBl H BBBBBBBV lBBBBBHBf nHHUBW m . -mWBBM fBH Iuariy . rm . iSale WtkClearancefriends, though not entirely uner-rniiotoiv fnllnwine the ceremony nppfprithe newly-wedded pair, alter receiving Mr.rhomas, the bridegroom, is theeldest son of Mr. and Mrs. DouglasThomas, of Paris. He is a graduateof State College.and was for severalyears a valued office employe in theI service of the Burley Tobacco Societyin Winchester. He succeeded Mr. Wm.j Webb as general bookkeeper with thedry goods firm of Frank & Co., whichposition he now holds. He is a youngman of sterling business qualities andis highly regarded by a host of warmfriends.The bride is the attractive and accomplished daughter of Mr. and Mrs.A. P. Adair, and her charming andamiable disposition has endeared herto a large circle of admiring friends,who unite in wishing Mr. and Mrs.Thomas a' long and happy married life.Uncle Eben."Things move so fast dese day3said Uncle Eben, "dat to be any kindof a political prophet a man must fus'be a lightnin' calculator."Make Room For Holiday Goods4 WALK-MOVERStill deeper is the cut on prices on prices onWinter Shoes arsd Rubbers.these new and much demandedExtraordinary ValuesStylish, serviceable Pootwear at extreme bargain prices, tjj" Cohen's is theplace and tomorrow is the time to buy your Winter Shoes and Rubbers.Just a Few of the Great BargainsLadies Pat. Colt Vamp, Louis Heel,Cloth Top, of various colors, latest creations $5.00 value, special. .Ladies' Pat. Colt or Gun Metal, Clothor Mat Top medium and low heel,.bench made, $3.50 values, specialLadies' Pat. Leather and Gun Metal,low and medum heel, button andlace, good quality. $3.50 values,specialEadies" Gun Metal, button and lace,special .'$2.991-49Men's Platinum Calf, English last,Walk-Over and Beacon make, alsoRuss. Tan, button and lace, best'qualityMen's -Gun Metal and Tan, buttonand lace, best makes. $4.00 value,specialMeen's Gun Metal, button and lace,good wearing shoes, $2.50 values,specialIf you doubt that love is blind, lookaround and see some of the husbandsand some of the wives copped out bypeople who act sanely in other matters.Dealers WardedTHEORY OF DIPHTHERIA INRABBITS GIVEN A HARD JOLT.The theory that diphtheria hascaused the death of hundreds of rabbits found dead in the fields of Nicholas, Pulaski, Pendleton and othercounties, apparently is refuted by thereport of Dr. Lillian South, of theState Board of Health laboratory,Bowling Green, who has examined thecarcasses of two of them found inNicholas county and found no trace ofdiphtheria.These two rabbits were sent by agame warden to J. Q. Ward, executiveagent of the Game and Fish Commission. He sent them to the laboratory.Dr. South said in her report that shewould make a thorough examinationto determine if possible the cause oftheir death.$3.502.99Men's Heavy and Medium Weight Shoes, with the AntiLeak Welt, at Special Low Prices.NOTICE, FARMERS!Attend the mass meeting at thecourt house to-morrow at 2 p. m. forthe purpose of discussing ways andmeans of having the quarantineraised. Read official notice elesewherem liiis issue.AJjTjES "37" $Si3WE WANT a vi'-awVc DEALER in carTttown in Sfuthtrn Ohi . ajae-it tc-ntory in V.Virginia, Southern Ir. Ii-.u aiul enure State rfKentucky to tr.e m c r "- n LEWlS, ALLENand 3ILTZ au'on ?. v car Si-XL sooJ,satisfy the owners, and jou ira..s iiOXEV Fr i&s7 up; al-o one at t J5. This is a good chancrfor an established Ai-ts Dealer to take on iquick-sellinr line of popular cir. or for a liveHUSTLER Ith a lutk n. nev and Ljikins to i: tinto a firt cla5 monv-nu'vinu: bu.T'-s. Wr,fquick for pirticula-s ti the Fac'oj-y Iiepresentathes KENTON RIOTOUS COfii'A-'.T; 2I-A L.Ninth St., Cincinnati, O.no.(nov24-5t-Tus)IrI0,I'2'l4M2wSwlw5i'ttMI'''I'I"I'I''I"IION CENTRALLIFE INSURANCE CO.Strongest Company,Lowest Net Rate.9S'insOnly Room for One Thought,lheres no use, my dear girl; youcan't be happy with that young manon two thousand a year." "But, papa,i m too mucn in love to care aboutwhether I'm happy or not." Life-i Miss Kate Alexander iAGENTThe Largest Assortment of Boys?9 Misses5and Children's Shoes at TheLowest Prices.2STCOeSks wJkmwmmmmmH&&Greatest Shoe StoreJ "VTlxoiro 'E&G&LiJLt'sr and 3E3ooxi.c"03Ly" ISFfc. egnlLUKE McLUKE SAYS.- (Cincinnati Enquirer.)Once in a while a man marries an tHeiress and has to support her family, j ?It is no sin to be CO vears old. But ' 4you will have a hard time finding an'unmarried girl who is that old. j 4.Some men look as though they werehealthy only because even a microbe 'has a little self-respect and uses some,care in selecting a home. 1When a society leader has' a face alike a brick kiln, the society reportersoverwork the 'words "refined looking" , 1'when describing her. ,When they are courting, he likes to fhPP.r llPr sinw nnd chc HVoe tn Viaon V----- ---- .o - ,n.v,o W "CO,!111m talk about himself. But itI ALSO SOLICIT J4Fire, Windand Automobile5Insuranceand will greatly appreciateyour considerationMISS KATE ALEXANDER.his -.'different after they are married.'gwfrfrH"!''!1 -s, -it-r'.VX '?ft.? vX?'-24