. 4 -j$.fc.i iAVsi4THF-PUBLISHED EVEBY TUESDAY AND FEIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1914.ki r i Ate ' ' -a& sstURBONjt , iBiininrrr -- .flBPflSALS MAYNOTBEAGREEABLE10 UNITED STATESDiplomats Pessimistic Ovethe Outcome of the Me-diation dfferMEXICANS CAUSERIOTS IN TEXASAttack SoIdiersFrom AdobeHouses ahd Many AreJailed$ APRSL IS THE WAR MONTH. FOR THE UNITED STATES.streets by throwing stones at an unarmed squad of half a dozen American soldiers. Many of the Mexicanswere on top of adobe houses, and asthe soldiers passed en route to thecamn. several blocks awav. the Mexicans hurled stones at them, while amob in the street adopted similar tactics. Police reserves were called outand 12 Mexicans, said to be ringleaders of the mob, were lockedup.ers of the mob, were locked up.cans on the American side has beenresumed all along the border, according to reports received here. A carload of Mauser rifle cartridges, which,it is claimed, had been smuggled overthe border, was sent from Juarez toChihuahua City.PreDarations are beine: rapidlymade at El Paso for a possible invasion or rebel territory, despite FancnoVilla's protestations of friendship forthe Americans. Nor are the army officers taking seriously the often-repeatedassertions of Villa that he isseeking no quarrel with the UnitedStates.Every night American cannon aretrained upon the rebel positions inJuarez, and every night, after the artillery is placed with a flourish, to attract attention, it is later moved secretly to different positions, for theAmerican officers know that the rebelofficers in Juarez watch closelythrough field glasses the maneuverson the American side, and that rebelspies abound on this side of the river,wVir niiipWv p.rnnmunifiat.e to General$ Villa inst. what the American armyj men are doing.OLD LETTER Coil Ifilli ! IMiH 1 1 BHFUVrWMK .TIME MEMORIES 1 1Wliftt 4...rt'WE KNOW HOW"Mr. John W. Boulden SendsInteresting DocumentjtoMrs. Russell MannTRADED TOBACCOFOR STAMPSWriter Tells of Experiencesin Camp at Tunnel Hill,Of the 19 wars in which theUnited States has engaged 104 nave been declared in -theiiiontli of April, as follows:April, 1775 War of the Reve clution. 'if April, 1S31 Black Kawk In-dian War.O April, 1836 Cherokee Re-inoval War.April, 1S46 War with Mex? ico.April, 1849 Apache Navajoand TJtah Indian War.April, 1856 Seminole IndianYar.April, 1861 Civil War.April, 1898 Spanish- Amer-can War.April, 1899 Philippine In-v surrection.April, 1914 Mexican distur-bance.WASHINGTON, April 27. European diplomats in Washington, it was-learned to-day, are pessimistic .overthe successsful outcome of mediationproposals by South American Governments to prevent war, with Mexico.While Ihe ""action of Great Britain,Germany and France in urging Huertato accept the good offices proffered byBrazil, Chille and Argentina has an encouraging effect on officials here, thereare few who believe that success caneventuate from the undertaking.At 2 o'clock Ambassador Dagamaand Ministers Suarez and Naon endeda protracted conference as to futureprocedure in the mediation proposals.Though no encouragement was made,it yas reported that no definite planfor the next move had been determined. .Tnose who participated" in the conference of the mediators explainedthe exact status of the negotiations upto this time as follows.The Spanish Ambassador's advicesfrom Mexico City are such as to warrant him in stating that Gen. Huertahad accepted the proposals of goodoffices.The Ambassador is now awaitingthe formal and official acceptance, anduntil this is received the three mediators will not begin their formal sessions. Meanwhile they have been informedby Senor Riano of Gen. Huerta's purpose and are holding preliminarymeetings to consider their line of procedure when the formal acceptancesare in Tiand.It is stated those ro are undertaking exercise of gc o'Vos do so without any commitmc on their part asto conditions en - or the other.When the formalin ''" :eptanceare concluded it is c 'l that eachside will formulate cou or.-, and itwill then be for mediate. ' : try tofind some common grounJ Ijt agreement.Just how far these conditions willWORLD-WAR IS IMMINENT.BELLEFONTAINE, O., April 27"It will take a force of 300,000 menten years to conquer Mexico. If warwith Japan is averted it will be theeighth wonder of the world."These are the statements of Dr. E.A. Sinks, of Lima, former UnitedStates army surgeon, stationed in thePhilippines, and later Surgeon-Generalof General Orozco's army in Mexico. "Armed intervention on the part ofthe United States lias been necessaryin Mexico for a long time. Wilson'spolicy of 'watchful waiting' has beenirritating. He was probably awaiting the completion of the PanamaCanal. Now he is taking the incidentof the failure to salute the flag as anexcuse for entering Mexico."What are they sending the entirefleet to Mexican waters for? Justone reason Japan. We people in theEastern part of the country do notrealize the gravity of the yellow peril."Japan, has today a larger force ofdisciplined soldiers, fully organizedequipped, within our borders than thewhole standing army of the UnitedStates. Army officers concede that inthe event of" a" w1Crvi1Elf,vSpain theJaps could take the whole of ourWestern coast with hardly a struggle. Of course it would be only temporary. It is generally known thatthe United States is spending largesums fortifying the passes of theRocky Mountains in case of just sucha thing."Our standing army is a mere dab.As soon as our army gets tied up withMexico Japan will scrike. Mexicoused to think she could easily whipthe United States if it wasn't forTexas. Now she thinks she can whipus, including Texas."Germany and Russia want thetrade of the Orient and wish UncleSam out of the Philippines. Theywould support Japan financially. Aworld war is bound to come. I knowfrom what I have experienced and believe it is upon us. That is why theUnited States has sent 'all of her warships to Mexico to rush through thecanal in case of a Japanese outbreak."BERLIN, April 27. Germany, England and France have advised Provisional President Huerta, throughtheir ministers in Mexico City, to accede to the demands of the UnitedStates.This announcement was made heretc-day.GeorgiaMrs. Russell Mann, of this city,come time ago, made the request ofMr. John W. Boulden, of Maysville,that he write her of some of his experiences during the Civil War. Mr.Boulden was a member of the company to which belonged her late husband and a large number from Millersburg and vicinity and Mrs. MaimMann desired to have some of his. experiences in writing that they wouldbe, presented to the Richard HawesChapter, United Daughters of theConfederacy, of this city, of whichshe is a member.Mr. Boulden, who is at present theCashier of tlia First National Bank,cf Maysville, was formerly of Millersburg, and was a brother of Mr. R. W.Boulden, who for a number of yearswas Postmaster at Millersburg, butwho now resides with his' daughter,Mrs. Leonard West, in Denver, Col.In his letter to Mrs. Mann, Mr.Boulden stated that he could not furnish anything interesting regardinghis experiences, but instead sent anumber of letters which were amongthe effects of his late mother, writtenby him during the war and w,hich hehas preserved. In his leter he saidthat he had several and thought ofsending a few to a paper in this cityto be published,' and adds that he hasa list of over fifty boys from Millersburg,. who served in the ConfederateArmy. The following letter wijich recalls the names of a number of hiscomrades was handed us byr Mrs.Mann, for publication:4 1VSpring Styles .'In 'Men's Shoes Are Now on Displayat Our Store.The Stetson,, Korrect Shape and Mtichell & Blakemore Special Lineof Shoes are here in all styles, both in high cut andOxfords Gun Metal, Tans and Patent Leathers, low cutOxfords in the new swagger English last, made -with invisible eyelets, low, flat heel and sole.- We have both.styles, with the rubber sole and heel and the leatherbottoms. There is none better made than the line of -Shoeswe carry and we want you to come to this storeand buy a pair of our Shoes. ',-$'xK nHUERTA WILL ACCEPT OFFER.WASHINGTON, April' 27. Wordthat Gen. Huerta has accepted thetender of good offices made by Argentina Brazil and Chile was conveyedto President Wilson to-day throughdiplomatic sources.lTnin'n f 'T9'nr 1 f f T1 O 1 f i"V HOP " fhOUwl liuw iui t,i.jw w -v. l xiaeiias i.uiiiiu.1 u.vVjt;pi.vi.mc lino uulo as to an instance on our side that , yet Deen drafted, but he has informedHuerta be elimiriatad, or a claim on the diplomats in Mexico City whothe other side that he be recognized, t0(c up the sut,ject with him that he. ii m ,:.-,-. floor inrirlin"i 11as well as the Tampico flag incidentand the Vera Cruz situation remainsto be developed as the negotiationsadvance to a more definite stage. -HUERTA MAYPROPOSETERMS.WASHINGTON, April 27,While it was declared Gen.Huerta would accept mediationto-day it is known "he is planning to make demands whichit will be impossible for theUnited States to consider. Thethree probable terms lie willlame will be: .Withdrawal of Americantroops from American soil.That there be no -negotiationswith Villa or other revolutionary leaders.Recognition of his Government by the United States.To none of these conditionscan the United States agree.FEDERALS DRIVEN BACK.WASHINGTON, April 27 Constitutionalists at Tampico are continuing their attack on the city, according to a dispatch from Admiral Mayoreceived at the Navy Department today. "The American consul at Tampico,"the disDatch continues, "is now onhoard the Dolphin, with the consulartt rcr tsv nr 27. -A mob ; force on the Des Moines. The Northof several ' hundred Mexican man, Dakota has arrived at Tampico andoraen and childrea started a riot general conditions are , reported unSunday afternoon at 9th -and Statc changed." ' -1RIOTS IN TEXAS CITY.would acceptAfter an early conference to-day,the ambassadors from the LatinAmerican countries constituting themediation board, considered repliesreceived last night to the overturesto Gen. Huerta, and it is understoodthat the board is preparing statementto be submitted to Secretary Bryansoon.Ambassador Da Gama, of Brazil,with ministers Suarez, of CJiile, andNaon, of Argentina, who will act asmediators, conferred early to-day andcounseled also "with diplomatic representatives of other Latin-Americanrepublics who are co-operating unofficially in the preliminary negotiations which all hope may lead to prevention of war with Mexico.IN CAMP NEAR TUNNEL HILL, GA.,JAN. 26, 1864.Dear Mother:I have written to you several timesbut learned through a letter JohnnyMiller received yesterday that, youhad not heard from me. I have received on,e letter from you about the20th of December, and wrote immediately, not having done so before onaccount of scarcity of U. S. postagestamps. I have been loking for a let-'ter from some of you ever since, buthave been sadly disappointed. I nowhave a supply (eighteen or twenty) ofpostage stamps, which one of theboys who went with a flag of truce,got for me. Some ladies wanted togo to Kentucky and were sent undera flagyof truce. One of my mess wentand we sent some tobacco to theYanks for postage stamps. I waswith the Kentucky Brigade of Infantrya few days ago. The boys were well.Hiram Carpenter is 3d Lieutenant.Bruce Champ received a letter fromhis sister a few days ago. John Corrington is well. We are having somebeautiful weather now. Some of theregiment is deserting. I would liketo be at home, but can not come thatway. Write to me often whether, youreceive my letters or not. Tell allto write. Tell Rezin, Jim Gregory,Second Kentucky Infantry, says hewould like to hear from him. Tellhim I think he might drop me a line.Dear Brother: I would like to hearfrom you very much. Be a good boyand remember how much mother dedends on you.Dear Sister: Give my love to allmy sweethearts and the girls. Tellthem how delighted their old friend,or schoolmate, would be to hear fromyou and them. Write! Write! Nomore at present, but I am your sonand brother.JOHN W. BOULDEN.P. S. Russell Mann, John Nesbitt,Joe Wallace, received letters fromhome a few days ago; also Ed. Taylor, G. Redmon. We are living verywell. I was out a few days ago andbought nine chickens, one ham andhalf middling, one pound of butter.Korrect Shape, $4Stetson Shoes, $5 and $6MitcheJI & 3Iakemore's Special, $5. ..Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole, $5 and $5.Aa-Mitchell & Blakemore,I;The Store for Men's StylesParis, Kentucky.uSPECIAL!!5! SL-4iii..... PLadand Misses' WoolenSUITS AND DRESSESATTEND THE LOTSALE ON MAIN STREETOn Wednesday, May 6, at 2: SO p.m.r Harris & Speakes, agents, will sellfive desirable vacant lots on Mainstreet. Valuable prizes to be givenaway. Attend the sale.Woolen Soikscy4.ll this season's styles. Madeof Crepes, Crepe Cords, Gaberdinesand Serges. All sizes.$35.00 Suits Now $24.75.30.00 Suits Now 23.7525.00 Suits Now 1 9.7520.00 Suits Nov 1 67515.00 Suits Now 11 .75No Marks ChangedEvery piece as originally markedand priced as above. Bring thisprice list with you.Now snowingNew Moire and Poplin Silk Suits.Special Values atsNEGRP WANTED FOR MURDERHEADED FOR THIS CITY.25.00Woolen DressesThis season's choicest models,mostly in dark shades, black andchecks, Materials Eponges, Crepesand Serges.$18.00 Dresses Now $ 1 2.7515.00 Dresses Now 9.7512.50 Dresses Now: S.7510.00 Dresses Now 6.757.50 Dresses Now 5.00AEvery Garment. New this season and desirable.To buy now is wle; to. delay, isfoolish.COME AND SEEJust ReceivedNewest ModelsCREPE WAISTSWASH WAISTSWASH SKIRTS '.f?;;WASH DRESSESSee Our Line of $5.OfTrimmed HatsThe authorities of this city have received information to be on the lookout for a negro by the name of Wm.Johnson; who is said to have shot andkilled two white boys at WilliamsburgSunday afternoon .The negro is saidto be headed in this direction and avery accurate description has been-furnished the authorities.The police department was yesterday furnished a-description, of a negrowho shot and killed an officer set Hawkinsville, Ga.' . ,OoOoI!ito;4iFRANK Sc C.' The Store Where Reliability Reigns.Nadia, Calma anfd Rengo Belt CorsetsrMi$?iJwv ' .', ,;V, t ar' r.V5-lTHE BOURBON . NEWS, ' PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 28 1 914iMMMiniBiMHrThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication.SPRING LAXATIVEAND BLOOD CLEANSER.WoBiAsnaooDCKMoteesmTtTS-r".'. t -?-ISSHSE thatJissisl Naturewow and then,ivith a gentlecathartic Dr.x JPierce's Plcczs' &ndFcilsis tone-up and invigorate liver andboivels. Be sure-you get whatou ask for.their liferv? nnmn'cliii liquid form,ago for the5J rierce, M.'kkkkklkkwkwaiSBkru Purls $pe Ctlepbont ana Cthgrapb 0o(Incorporated) 'J. VEATCK, District Manager. K. E. SPEARS, Commerical Manager.Bourbon LaundryD WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street0sosiiJggCZJ3,ig) ifeagagfBourbon LaundryParis Kentucky.83MLiflAWUMUtGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALM.BOTH'PHONES DA? 137; NIGHT 299.-4LclSr lttms !IPlumbing and -Elecri-cal Work in AllTheir BranchesMasda (Tungston) LampsStoves, Rangesand Appliances.'tI Spicer &Gilchrist, f?Elks' BuildingC.E. Phone, 103Home Phone, 101!When you feel tiliscouragocoufused, ne1TODS, tireff, worried or Respondent it is4nuris,gn yoj need MOTTS NERVERIKYMLLS. They renew the normal vigor aiBHkke life worth lining. Be sure and ask IMott's Nerverine Pills ?&.WILLIAMS MrG. CO.. Pre.. CleveUad, OUcL., ..adorfer, Drugit. Full, Ky..The women who have usedBr. Pierce's FavoritePrescription will tell youit freed them from painful helped them over painful periods inand saved them many a daysmrl -mistivv This Tnnir inwas devised over 40 yearswomanly system, by R.V.v., and Has been sola everbenefit of many thousand women.Now -if you prefer you can obtain Dr.Pierce's Favorite Prescription tablets atyour druggist at $1 per box, also in 50csize or send 50 one cent stamps to DraR. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. tor trial box."""BlgflW I7JHave You aHOME TELEPHONEOur Bourbon CountyBusiness is GrowingMore Rapidly ThanEver Before.Ask Your Neighbor About TheService Then Let Us Fig- 'ure With YouIIIHI II I IBIBIII I IgSE Bjfo ifiv 'tin(IsWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest, shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itfla-uar orops hno.lr on if, ronii.mtation. If you are particular Jabout how your linen is iiilaundered, your custom is the ?kind we want as we like toappreciatee MftColdsshould be "nipped in thebud", fcr if allowed to rununchecked, serious resultsmay follow. Numerouscases of consumption, pneu-monia, and other fatal diseases, can be traced back toa cold. At the first sign of acold, protect yourself byjthoroughly cleansing yoursystem with a few doses ofTHEDFORD'SBLACKDRAUGHT the old reliable, vegetableliver powder.Mr. Chas. A. Ragland, oMadison Heights, Va., says:"I have Been using Thedford's Black-Draught forstomach troubles, indigestion, and colds, and find it tobe the very best medicine 1ever used. 'It makes an oldman feel like a young one."Insist on Thedford's, theoriginal and genuine. vE-6SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents'per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher 'is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.News Overthe State &Father Fined.Winchester The jury in the caseagainst Floyd Horton, charged withmaliciously shooting his son, ReeseHorton, gave the elder Horton a fineof $25, holding that he shot in suddenheat and passion.- Sentenced for Life. ,Barbourville A life sentence to thepenitentiary was given John Powell,the alleged assassin of his brother-in-law,Henry Fultz, the plea of temporary insanity not being heeded by thejury. Several favored inflicting thedeath penalty. Fults, a wealthy farmer. Avas shot from ambush, andother members of his family werefired upon at his home here twomonths ago. Powell -was caught after rewards aggregating $1,000 wereoffered.Paroled After Two Years.Clifford Quinlan, having served twoyears of a three-year sentence for thealleged theft of silverware in Louisville, was pardoned by Gov. McCrearyon the affidavit of the widow of John(Monk) Cline, who said her husbandconfessed to her that he had stolenthe silverware. Quinlan was committed to the Reformatory in April, 1912.The Governor also pardoned WillShay Thomas, a negro, sentenced forfrom two to ten years in Henry county, for forgery. L. K. Smith, whosename he forged, ten of the jurors whotried him, and most of the county officials joined in a petition for his pardon. He has served a year.Good Price for Veal.Lancaster R. E. McRoberts, president of the Garrard Bank & TrustCompany, bought a Jersey cow and aweek-old heifer calf from Edgar Pricefor $80. The calf attracted the attention of Mr. James I. Hamilton, whooffered Mr. Roberts 50 cents a poundfor the heifer, and the trade tookplace, the calf weighing v fifty-twopounds.(Copyright, bv McClure Syndicate.)"On to Mexico City" is the cry ofthe soldiers, while "Back home fromMexico" is the cry of the diplomats.WHAT'S THE REASON?Many Paris People in Poor HealthWithout Knowing the CauseThere are scores of people who dragout a miserable existence without realizing the cause of their suffering.Day after day they are racked withbackache and headache; suffer fromnervousness, dizziness, weakness, langour and depression. Perhaps the kidneys have fallen behind in their workof filtering the blood and that may bethe root of the trouble. Look to yourkidneys, assist them in their workgivethem the help they need. You canuse no more highly recommende'dremedy than Doan's Kidney Pills'endorsed 'by the people all over thecountry and by the neighbors in Paris.Mrs. Hodge, 821 West street, Paris,!ay., says: "i Had dizzy and nervousspells and my back and head ached,showing that my kidneys were weak.When I saw Doan's Kidney Pills advertised I used them and they gaveme relief."Mrs. Hodge is only one Of manyParis people who have gratefully endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. If yourback aches if your kidneyst botheryou, don't, simply ask for a ' kidneyremedy ask distinctly for Doan'sKidney Pills, the same that Mrs.Hodge had the remedy backed byhome testimony. 50c. all stores.Poster-Milburn Co., Props., Buffalo,'N. Y. "When Your Bank is Tjidp-Remember the Name." (ady)Of all interpretations of variousroles last season in New York City,none received higher commendationthan that of Madame Nazimova forher portrayal of "Mrs. Chepstow," inJames Bernard Fagan'sh adaptation of"Bella Donna." In the delineation oftliis somewhat unpleasant heroine bythe distinguished Russian actress shehas scored a positive triumph. Chas.Frohman has made an elaborate andhandsome production for "Bella Donna." With her New York company ofcapable players, Nazimova comes tothe Lexington Opera House Thursday,April 16. (adv)It is alright to long for and singabout your boyhood's happy daysdown on the. farm. But if you couldexperience them again it wouldn'ttake you ten minutes to set up a howlfor Modern Improvements.Job may have been patient. But hewas never on a street car going to aball game when a coal wagon insistedupon occupying the track for aboutfive squares.STRENGTHENS WEAKAND TIRED WOMEN."I was under a great strain nursinga relative through three months' illness," wntes Mrs. J. C. Van De Sande,of Kirkland, 111., "and Electric Bitterskept me from breaking down. I willnever be without it." Do you feeltired and worn out? No appetite andfood won't digest? It isn't the springweather. You need Electric Bitters.Start a month's treatment today;nothing better for stomach, liver andkidneys. The great spring tonic.Relief or money back. 50c. and $1.00at your druggist.(April)grctwu'uubUjni.MiwiM.ui vm'rrrraiiainmijKisasarKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL company!Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor ParisLeave Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00am9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m10:05 p m6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p m 411:00 p mDaily except Sunday.FORSunday5(ft99maSpring Lamband the Besti8iome-Kii!ed Meatson the MarketotteaBaldwinBros.,Paris, KentuckyS2 Both Phones 22 32SttQtttt8AttAtttttttttttttt&Special OfferingGas Ranges!For the Next15 DaysLet us demonstrateto you in our storebefore the rush.4. F-, Wheeler Furniture Co.,, CHAS. GHEEN, Manager.fnnsssilli1i (HEW PROCESS! ; HPfliSffHHfx- - I m5$V, J ' are dependentv"i3X Their health asestablished in childhood.If vonr child is lancroid. Mnndleso. tirprl wTion iaTnv wUT.out ambition or rosy cheeks, Scott's Emulsion is a wonderfulhelp. It possesses nature's grandest body-building' fats soeueucaieiy preuigesiea matt ana carries it to every organ ana tissue ana uDre.First it increases their appetite, then it adds flesh strengthensthe bones makes them sturdy, active and healthy.No alcohol or narcotic in Scott's Emulsion, just pirity ud stremgtk.T1-MST -I.T.1Mpttjc ftliu z r-rmiInsecticideKills Chicken Mitesjj FlieS, Bed Bugs, Roaches, Moihs,ancf all Pests ginstantly InvaluableRooms, Clothing, Furs.Also Best Seed Corn andHocbOeiYards, South Main St.5&cg3Cfe:3X?;xQS3gSiDuroc Jersey BoarsNice lot young boars. Eligible toregistry. Ccmo and get first choice.SIDNEY G. CLAY.E. T. Phone 726. Paris, Ky.(7-6t)FOR RENTStoreroom on Main street known asthe Weatherall property. Possessionto be given May 1. Apply toCHAS. PEDDICORD.FOR SALE.A lot about 65 feet front, runningback over 100 feet, -ituated on Highstreet, near Fifteenth street. Applyto(13-tf) MRS. C AND ACE SMITHNOTICEI have decided to sell second-handclothes. I ask all the ladies and gentlemen whom I have sold for, to placetheir goods with me again.NANNIE WATTS,129 Eighth Street,21-3t Paris, Ky.FOR RENT.Two rooms on third floor of Agricultural Bank Building. Heat andwater furnished.(17-tf)FOR SALE.A nice, new Indian Motorcycle; newtires, presto light, tank and completetool outfit. Must sell at once. Apply to Bourbon News.FOR SALE.One of the best pony and cart outfits in Paris. Apply to the undersigned. HENSE MARGOLEN,24-3t) Paris, Ky.INSURANCEAGAINSTf IRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGW. k HINT0N,AGENT.For Old. Strong, "Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, seeWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary. vChildren's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDme. j wJ - m i" ZjBjUylew Barber GSSSLAll Growing Childrenon nourishment for growth.men and women is larscel-vme uioou aosorDS us strengX".13-79n rc '"T'ttj iand Lice, FvLsquitoes,ior .Disinfecting Sick S?6DTOIBoth Phones 140PILES! PILES! PILESWILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTME?Will cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching PiiIt absorbs the tumors, allays itchinpr at onacts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and SLWILUAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, 0L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.e4CANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I un-dertakc; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH, JParis, Ky.,AAA'es99m9oNow is the time to haveyour wearing apparel cleaned and put in order forSpring. -We Do fcue Workwill affordyou an opportunity tojudge.Give Us a Trial.ELECTRICChhal ADDlegate, FroDS.95 627 Main St., Paris, Ky.GurtMOverbyBusiness IVien's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pal.ronage Solicited.ff MHJRI0N POULTRY CUKdown a chick's throat curesfapes, A few drops In therinklng water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. OneSOc bottle makes 13 gallons ofmedicine At all drnfeskAs.Sample and booklet on Diseases of Fowls" seat FKE.C IPq-TrSpruceUp1 DRY GLEANIG GO.im V vawrror Hale by W. T. Breaks:iTHE BOURBON NEWS, JARIS KENTUCKY, APRIL 28. 1914H s.HMMMMHMMHIMt Pans OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or Overcoat, Look Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satisfaction.We Call Por and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25$SS5X3QS3f5April Announcement!" a -t: ' pvVpttJOHTUQVTlKINDLYSeventh and MainTwin BiosP ilctal Ute VicicrUffcngJa IrnpcriifShtagfr OriantalShinJaJT1W -rnillH irn-rrir;ivTiiMgrrrw'TMMMMlMiaMMliaMBMMMBiMMMaMlThe four designs cf Cortright Metal Shingles as shown above aremade in any oi the folic, ing ways :1 . Sipped from Tin-plate and painted Red.2. Stamped frcr.i TLi-plate and painted Green.3. Stamped frcm Tin-plate and Galvanized by a hand-dipping process.4. Stamped lrom special tight-coated Galvanized Sheets.Each and eery genuine Cortright Metal Shingle is embossed with thisTrade-mark, " Cortright Reg. U. S. Pat. Off." 6For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.Telephone Saved Child's LifeOne of the children fell into a water tank onan Al'abama farm and was rescued unconscious andapparently lifeless. The frantic mother rushed tothe telephone and called the doctor six "miles away.He told her what to do and started at once, but, before he arrived the child was out of danger.t The protection of women and children is onlyone of the chief values of the telephone on thei farm.; . ' You can have this service at small cost. Seethe nearest Bell Telephone Manager or send apostal for our free booklet.FARMERS' LINE DEPARTMENTCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyINCORPORATED.Every girl has Society Manners foruse in company and Kimono Mannersfor use around the house.While we regret the Divorce Evil,we can't see why every couple shouldbe left to a Killkenny cat finish.Cleaning Co. tTwin BrDepartment StoreCheerfully wish to haveyou inspect their splendid s stock of Ladies'Spring Suits, Coats,Skirts, Waists, Dresses,Shoes, Millinery, Gloves,Corsets, Muslin Underwear, etc.Also beautiful assortment of Drygoods, Silks,Dressgoods, Laces, Hamburgs, etc. We are soleagents for the celebratedW. B. Corsets, and famous Bon Ton Corsets,Dents' celebrated Ladies'Gloves. The popularPictorial Patterns.CALL AT. Depanmeni stoie,Sts., Paris, Ky.Lots of men who preach againstgambling go ahead and get married.-t.en are more imaginative thanwomen. But no man could ever niake'mflf believe that a wrinkle was adimple. tCOUGH MEDICINE FOR CHILDRENToo much care cannot be exercisedin selecting a cough medicine for .children. It should be pleasant to !take, contain no harmful substance,and be most effectual. Chamberlain'sCough Remedy meets these requirements and is a favorite with the mothers of young children everywhere.For sale by all dealers.(Apr;i) (adv)'The reason why a man gets sosleepy m church is because he can 'be jso wide awake at a fatted calf displayin a theatre. JSTRAIGHT AT IT.There is no use of our "beatingaround the bush." We might as wellout with it first as last. We want youto try Chamberlain's Cough Remedythe next time you have a cough or acold. There is no reason as far aswe can see why you should not do so.This preparation by its remarkablecures has gained a world wide reputation, and people everywhere speak ofit in the highest terms of praise. Itis for sale by all dealers.(April) (adv)Judging from the cuts in the advertisements, some of our athletic youngmen play football and tennis whenthey are attired only in their underwear. FOUND CURE FOR RHEUMATISM"I suffered with rheumatism for twoyears and could not get my right !hand to my mouth for that length oftime," writes Lee L. Chapman, Ma-pleton, Iowa. "I suffered terrible pain $so I could not sleep or lie still atnight. Five years ago I began using fChamberlain's Liniment and in twomonths I was well and have not suf-fered with rheumatism since." Forsale by all dealers.(April) (adv)Just about the time a fellow getsaway from his Mother's slipper hegets his neck under the heel of somegirl's shoe.DEAFNESS CANNOT BE CUREDby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portions of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness, and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucouslining of the Eustachian Tube. Whenthis tube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andii'lion it io nn ivolv nlncorl Hoofnacc iauhe result, and unless the inflammation can be taken out and this tuberestored to its normal condition, thehearing will be destroyed forever;nine cases out of ten are caused byCatarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of deafness (caused bycatarrli) that cannotbe cured byHall's Catarrh Cure.Send for circu-lars, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O. 'Sold by druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (April) (adv)-The man wlio wears a celluloid collar may be a good citizen, but healways smells as though he had spentthe night in a bag of moth balls.CLEARS COMPLEXIONREMOVES SKIN BLEMISHESWhy go through life embarrassed anddisfigured with pimples, eruptions,blackheads, red rough skin, or suffering the tortures of eczema, itch, tetter, salt rheum? Just ask your druggist for Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment. Follow the simple suggestionsand your skin worries are over,for babies and delicate, tender skins.Stops chapping. Always helps. Relief or money back. 50c. at yourdruggist.CApril) (adv)Every girl insistsvisible face powder,no such animal.upon having InBut there ain'tCLEANSERAND BLOODFlush out the accumulated waste tand poisons of the winter months; jcleans your stomach, liver and kid-jneys of all impurities. Take Dr.King's New Life Pills; nothing better jror punrying tne blood. Mild, nongriping laxative. Cures constipation;makes you feeL fine. Take no other.25c. at your druggist.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for all hurts.(April) (adv)A rnrin nan nlwnvs spp n thine- frnm !j 0a different point of view after his wife ,makes up her mind.The Reformers say a lot of meanthings about booze. But the worstthing we can say about it is that itmakes men imagine they can sing.Some people hate to takeeven when they pay for it.adviceSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI ND RETURNSunday, may io5 1914$1.25iRoundTripflMH '"" rw-TtWTITT7irlSPECIAL TRAINLeaves GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.mASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS..HEDGES! HEDGES! HEDGES!'A a, I announce to the people ofParis and others interested,j that I will furnish the stocksana plant Evergreen Hedgesfor them of the same class asthose now to be seen surround-ing the residence of N. A.Moore, Ed. Tucker and othersin Paris for 12 cents perlineal foot.At 17 cents per foot I willplant them, using for this purpose the Ibota Privet, which isnever affected by the hardestfreezes. It retains its deepgreen, shining foliage the yearround.At the same price per footI will furnish and plant theAmerican Arbor Vitae, whichmakes the finest of all Hedges,but is not of such rapid "growthas the Privet Plant. I will,however, furnish the Arbor Vi-tae, 2y2 feet high when com& plete, for 25 cents per foot.And 'at this rate (25 cents perfoot) will furnish the Bar-berry, Japan Quince and Al-thea, all flowering shrubs, for4 the hedges.I will also furnish and haveplanted all the "popular varie-ties of Roses, 2 year stocks, atprices ranging from 35 to 50cents each. Also Tree Roses0 any colors desired. Tree Li-lacs, Tree Altheas, Tree Hy-dranagea and Tree Snow Balls,at prices ranging from 75 cts.to $1.25 each, the latter forTree Roses.Will also furnish and plantat reasonable prices all kindsof flowering shrubs, ornamental vines and shade trees. Allthe trees and other stocksused by me, I buy from Nurseries in New York and otherNorthern Nurseries, where theseason is fully two to threeweeks later than in Kentucky,and for this reason they canbe safely planted any timefrom this date until the 15th ofMay. I guarantee everythingfurnished and planted by me togrow, provided always, it isproperly cared for.For further particulars, callme over the Cumberland phoneNo. 458; Cypress Street, Paris,'Ky.(24-2t) H. C. OGLE, SR.Importunity is always knocking atyour door, but Opportunity is mightybashful.kLOOK TO YOUR PLUMBING.You know what happens in a housein wlii nil thp nlnmhinp- i: in hrtrl rrmrli-I tion everybody in the house is liableto contract typhoid or some other fever. The digestive organs performthe same functions in the human bodyas the plumbing dose for the house,and thpy should be kept in first-classcondition all the time. If you haveany trouble with your digestion takeChamberlain's Tablets and you arecertain to get quick relief. For saleby all dealers.April (adv)Always remember that you haveKnocker worried or he wouldn't takethe time to knock you.Every now and then you run into nman who always needs a handkerchiefand never has one.CHECK YOUR APRIL COUGH.Thawing frosts and April rainschill you to the very marrow; youcatch cold head and lungs stuffedyou are feverish- cough continuallyand feel miserable. You need Dr.King's New Discovery. It soothes in( flamed and irritated throat and lungs,. stops cough, your head clears up, fever leaves, and you feel fine. jlr. J.T. Davis, of Stickney Corner, Me.,was cured of a dreadful cough after a. doctor's treatment and all other rem-edies failed. Relief or money back.Pleasant children like it. Get a bot-tie today. 50c. and $1.00 at yourdiuggist.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for all sores.(April) (adv)Got AnyDEFECTS?CORES, BURKS,SCALDS. BRUISES.CHAPPED HANDSAND LIPS, TETTER,ECZEMA?Do you really want to heal It? Bad enough tospend 25c. ? Then eo to the store and buy abox ol DR. BELL'S t 1Antiseptic Salve iIt Is snow white and snow pure and if itdoesn't do the work, get your money back.Tell It By The BeU"For Sale by Ail Druggists.$1.251RoundTripifIii WiI f -Paris, Wednesday, Apfil 29.1DB1N5QN5 .rum -:h,j. . . nun iYQUR ;WXi 1STHEnun FIRSTFATHER afeM FVFR SAWOnly Big Show Here This YearROBINSON'S PAMOUS SHOWSim frSwEwusliiiI IN THREE OF THE MOST THRILLING, ' IDARING ANSENSATION Al ACTS. " jGrand Pree StreetSome people hate to take adviceeven when they pay for it.feyflitthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thenome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and pipnn wrifhnnf. a fliVoidown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the Inferiortankwaeon oils saves MONEY savesWORK paves eve.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. 0. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.Vc sell the celebrated "No Carb" 'Auto OILWHATParade at 10 a. mv.First Popular Price Excursion of the SeasoiTo Cincinnati and RctirtSunday, April 26; 1314,$1.50For the Round TripSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky., 3:2tTa. m., returning leoves Cincinnati'iFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m. For! further Information call onW. H. HARRIRr ln..vtM - T. K. SMITH, T A.;....'5'& 'Vf V.. .'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.,; APRIL-28, 1914COMBINATION S&L&OFStools:lEQtoMonday, May 4Murphy's Stock YardsCOMMENCING AT 10 A.M.we will sell a large consignment of Horses, Mules,Milk Cows with calves by side and springers, Sheep,Hogs, Cattle and Farming Implements of All Kinds,regardless of price and weather conditions.NO BY-BIDS Everything offered will be sold.iM. J- MURPHY & COPARIS, KY.GEO &s SPEAKES, Auctioneer9tt 06'SQPROCLAMATION BY THE GOV-ERNOR OF KENTUCKY.To The People of Kentucky:Whereas, the supreme need in ourState to-day is that the forces whichmake for character and Christianityshall control the forces which makefor intelligence and patriotism, andone of the greatest forces which makecharacter and Christianity is the Sunday School.Whereas, in an effort to produce a"Greater and Better Kentucky," theKentucky Sunday School Associationhas appointed May third as a "Go toSunday School Day," hoping to haveone million people in Sunday schoolthat day.Whereas, the Sunday Schools of alldenominations will observe this day"with, appropriate exercises, and areissuing invitations to all our citizensto attend Sunday School;And, whereas, those who are interested in the welfare of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, call upon allKentuckians and visitors within ourborders to attend Sunday School inthe church of their choice on May 3,1914, that they may give encouragement and honor to those who teach inthese schools, that they may see. thework which is being done, and thatthey may in this service worship theirGod.In Testimony Whereof, I have caused these letters to be made patent,and seal of the Commonwealth to behereunto affixed. Done at Frankfort,the' twenty-third day of April, in theyear of our Lord one thousand ninehundred and fourteen, and in the oneliundred and twenty-second year ofthe Commonwealth.JAMES B. McCREARY.(Seal) By the GovernorC. F. CRECELIUS, Sect, of State.By CECIL H. VANSANT, Ass't Sect.of State.VALUABLE PROPERTYAT PUBLIC-AUCTIONThe lot at the corner of Main andFifteenth streets will be sold at auction on Wednesday, May 6, at 2:30 p.m.This is the most desirable suburbanbusiness corner in Paris, and is anideal location for two up-to-date storeTooms with flats above. Businessrooms if erected on this lot, can beleased for long terms to responsiblebusiness men without any trouble.See Harris & Speakes, agents, andtalk it over with them.Attend the sale and get a prize. Theterms of sale are easy.(28-td)BECKHAM ADDRESSES A ,CROWD AT CYNTHIANAThe campaign for United StatesSenator formally opened in Harrisoncounty when ex-Governor J. C. WBeckham spoke at the court house inCynthiana Saturday afternoon. Thecourt room was filled and there werea -number of ladies present. In hisspeech Mr. Beckham denied thecharges of Mr. Stanley in regard totavoritism shown the railroads duringhis administration as Governor. Heset forth his attitude on the liquorquestion and made statements regarding Mr. Stanley's position on the same-question. ' He was introduced to theaudience by Mr. C. M. Jouett andspoke aljout two hours.GOOD THINGS.t"I like to do good things," he'd baostHe said he'd done a ton of them;And I am handing him this roastBecause -he made one of them.MAtf KNOWS A FEW THINGSWillie Maw, what is an abysmalbrute? .Maw Any married man, my son.DESIRABLE BUSJNESSCORNER AT AUCTIONThe vacant building lot at the corner of Main street and Barnes Ave;aie is a desirable location for a busiaees house, with plenty of room leftfor residence. There are but few vacant lots left on Main street, and they"will always be in demand.Attend the auction sale to be heldby Harris & Speakes, on Wednesday,May 6, at 2:30 p. m. Five desirableHain street lots, including the aboveoorner lot, will be sold. The terrasare eaiy.Attend the sale and get a valuablerfe. (28-td)-- - - - , ;'i & & .THEATRICAL.Columbia.To-day A special feature, "A Military Judas" (Broncho,) A three-reeloffering, written by Wm. H. Clifford.Two brothers love the same girl andshe, of course, prfers the black sheep.The usual Southern setting is pictured; the war scenes come on in goodform, with some plesing variationsfrom former productions. The scenein which the Northern spy meets Jimat the gambling house is well put on.Later Jim sells information to pay hisdebts and the good brother is suspected. Jim confesses the truth andkils himself. The production is wellconstructed throughout and holdsthe interest. The close issrong andlogical.The Alamo.At the Alamo Theatre today will bepresented the celebrated film favorite, Mary Pickford, in a tragic epic,"Hearts Adrift," a drama of devotionand sacrifice in which Miss Pickfordis presented in a distinctly new role.The story is of a twelve year oldSpanish girl who survives a shipwreck, and lands on an uninhabitedisland. A child survives the wreckand thrives. Later a wealthy couple,the Grahams, are shipwrecked nearthe island, and the husband is washedashore. Nina, the Spanish girl, supplies food at night while he is asleep.He finally catches her, but she escapes. In fear of a thunderstorm onenight she seeks the protection of thecave and the two become companions.Believing his wife dead he performsan impromptu marriage ceremony,but later a rescue ship approaches theisland, and Graham and his wife arereunited. Then comes the heart-rendingscene. Nina and Graham hadcome to love each other, and whenthe parting came it overcame thegirl, who with her babe in arms,leaped from the brow of a cliff todeath. (adv)confederate veteran dies jAt home o'f son in Michigan.,A message was received in this citySunday announcing the death of Mr.Keller Thomas, which occurred Saturday night in Northville, Mich., thehome of his son, Mr. Henry Thomas.Mr. Thomas was a former resident ofBounbon county and went to Michigan. Bourbon county and went to -Michigan1 about ten years ago, where he has'since resided. He was sixty-eight! years of age.The message announcing his deathdid not contain any details, and hisrelatives here are awaiting information regarding the time of the arrivalof the remains, which will be sent tothis city for burial.Mr. Thomas was a son of the lateMr. Henry Thomas, of Bourbon, oneof the most widely known and mostprominent distillers of the State andwas born and reared in Bourbon county, where he spent the greater part ofhis life.At the outbreak of the Civil Warhe cast his fortunes with the Southand enlisted in the Confederate service, in the company organized by thelate Capt. Harry Bedford, CompanyC, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry. He wasa gallant soldier and fought in all theprincipal battles in which the command of General John H. Morgan participated and distinguished himselffor his bravery in many memorableconflicts.When the gallant band under Morgan, in the summer of 1864 invadedOhio, Mr. Thomas accompanied hiscommand and was always in the frontranks of each battle fought on theNorthern grounds. However, in July,1864, Morgan's command, overwhelmed in force was compelled to surrender at Buffiington's Island, and Mr.Thomas and his comrades were confined in the Federal prison at CampMorton. Later they were transferredto Camp Douglas, in Chicago.It was while he was imprisoned inChicago that Mr. Thomas through afeat of strategy accomplished his escape and arranged for the escape ofhis comrades. He made his way toCanada, where he remained for sometime, later returning to Chicago, withGeneral John B. Castleman, Capt.Hynes, and other Confederate leaders, where they were associated inwhat waslmown as, the Knight of theGolden Circle, which was organizedfor the liberation of the Confederateprisoners confined jn Camp Douglas.The plans of the organization weremiscarried and the members of theorder were compelled to leave theNorth for fear of being recaptured.With several of his comrades he madehis way South and was about to againenlist in the Confederate army whenthe war came to a close.Mr. Allen Kiser, of this city, whowas with Mr. Thomas all though thewar, about a month ago received aletter from him in which he stated hewas enjoying good health and wasquite contented in his home in theNorth. His old comrades received thenews of his death with great sorrow.Mr. Thomas had been ill bout threeweeks and was on last Thursday taken to a hospital in Northville, Mich.,where an operation was performed,although the dispatch did not statethe nature of the illness which causedhis death.Mr. Thomas is survived by twodaughters, Mrs. W. G. Talbott, andMrs. Joseph Ewalt, of this county andone son, Mr. Henry Thomas, of Michigan.NFGRO SUSPECT WANTED HERE!ARRESTED IN COVINGTON.,A NEAT BARBER SHOP."Mr. Carl Crawford has opened .up anew and cozy barber shop at the corner of Fourth and Main streets. Newfurniture, sterilizers, hot water heaters, etc. Mr. Crawford and anothercapable barber are in charge and areready to take care of the wnts of theparticular men. Mr. Crawford invitesall his old customers and the generalpublic to visit him in his new place.(24-tf)ITH01LWOODALL-LAFFOON.The marriage of Miss . EmilyWoodall, of .Covington, to Mr. PolkLaffocn, of Frankfort, will be celebrated in Covington on Wednesdayevening, at 8 o'clock. The weddingis to be very quiet, only the membersof the families of the couple and theirintimate friends being present. MissSara Ernst, a cousin of the bride, willbe the "maid of honor and the only attendant. A reception will follow thewedding ceremony.- LAWN MOWERS.See our window display of lawnmowers, "which includes several stylesand sizes. Most any price you wantto pay. These are all high-grade machines and are guaranteed to do thework.(21-4t) LAVIN &CONNELL.A man believed to Carey Daniels, anegro, wanted in Bourbon county, on 'two warrants, one charging him withhousebreaking, and another with as-sault, was arrested in Covington, iKy., a. few days ago and washeld to await identification by the authorities in this city. The warrantsagainst Daniels were issued from theBourbon Circuit Court.When taken into custody Danielswas employed in the yards of the C. &O. railroad, in Covington, and was going under the name of Hamilton.Daniels is wanted in this county.On the night of December 25th,1913, it is alleged Daniels entered thehome of Mr. James Puckett, on theMclntyre farm near Jacksonville, thiscounty. He forced an entrance intothe building about eleven o'clock atnight, and assaulted Mr. Puckett, rendering him unconscious with a clubwhich he carried and then attackedMrs. Puckett.Mr. Puckett revived and secured ashot gun when the negro fled. Allefforts to apprehend him were fruitless and since that time he has beenat large.About two months ago Chief of Police Fred Link received informationthat the negro was at a point in Missouri and the authorities at that pointwere given a description of the man,but before he could be placed underarrest he had taken his departure.About ten days ago Chief Link received information that the negro wasworking in Covington and was goingby the name of Hamilton. A description was given the Covington policeand he was placed under arrest.When taken into custody he denied hewas the man wanted and disclaimedany knowledge of Kentucky towns inwhich he is said to have worked. TheCovington authorities had photographs taken of the man which Chiefof Police Link received Saturday, andhe was positively identified by a number of citizens of the neighborhoodwhere he resided before committingthe alleged crime.Sunday afternoon, Chief Link, accompanied by Jailer Joe Farris andCoroner Budolph Davis, went to theJhome of Mr. Puckett, near Jacksonville, taking with them the photographs of Daniels. They were identified by Mr. and Mrs. Puckett as beingthat of the man whom is said to havecommitted the crime.Yesterday morning Chief of PoliceLink went to Covington and returnedwith the prisoner last night.if oil. fileWHAT FEDERAL LEAGUEMONEY LOOKS LIKE.(Chicago Tribune.)According to the rules adopted bythe Feds it will always cost a player$25 when put out of a game, so itlooks as if Rollie would have to partwith a piece of his(?o zi..etaoin SHRWar may be all that General Sherman called it, but a strike in the Colorado mine section goes several degrees beyond that.We may not be having war withMexico, but it would be hard to convince the people who have been reading the "extras" of that fact.That Spanish . naval commander atVera Cruz seems to have neglected inhis reading the account of t'hat Manila Bay fight.NOTICE TO STOCKMEN.List your stock in M. J. Murphy'smonthly combination sales. Plenty "ofbuyers always on hand. We can sellyour horses, mules, ponies, cows, cattle, hogs, sheep and poultry at goodprices. Next sale will be held on Monday, May 4, county court day(21ap-tf)PARIS BUSINESS MANMISSING FROM HOMEOOOF!'"They tell me the Grouch beat hiswife up this morning," said the Cheerful Idiot."Is that so?" asked the Boob."Yes. He got up at six and she gotup at seven," replied the "CheerfulIdiot.King Albert, of Belgium, is notonly an ardent motorist, but he is dedevoted to mechanics. Visiting the automobile salon at Brussels recently,he became so interested in a specialtype of car that he insisted on takingit to pieces himself and putting it together again, -to the great discomfiture of the head of the exhibiting firm,who was compelled to 'confess that hehimself had not mastered the intra-.cies-of his machine.N. J. Bishop, a post card jobber, disappeared from his home on Hendersonstreet, in this city, on April 13, andsince then nothing has been heard ofhim. It is feared he has either metwith foul play of has possibly becomedemented. His wife has appealed tothe police of several Kentucky citiesin an effort to locate him. Accordingto Mrs. Bishop, he had been in a de-Jspondent mood for several weeks andnaa previously threatened to leavehome, and wrote to his wife fromWinchester that she would never seehim again. She, however, communicated with him over the telephoneand persuaded him to return. Bishop is about 50 years of age, and whenlast seen wore a dark suit of clotheswith a white pin stripe, a gray hatand carried a tan handbag. He isfive feet, eleven inches in height, faircomplexion, wears false teeth and hishair is slightly gray. He is a son ofJ. T. Bishop, a wealthy farmer ofSturgis.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.ilU UiLexington,ROOM-SIZE DRUGGETTO BE GIVEN AWAY.See the room-size Brussells druggetin J. T. Hinton Company's window.To be given away at the auction saleof Main street lots on Wednesday,May 6, at 2:30 p. m. Other prizeswill also be given away at this sale.(td)i!KentuckyLace Curtains andHouse DraperiesThe passing of Easter ushers in the Season of Spring",the rejuvenating of nature which inspires us with thespirit-of renewing and remodeling our Home Environment.Newly papered rooms call for Window Drapery, whetherit be Lace Curtainsor the more pretentious Damask Curtains, or perhaps a combination of both Lace with sunfastoverdrapes, sideropes, yallances is a matter for you andthe expert draper to decide upon. We are at your servicewith our advice as well as our stock ofHouse DrapingsSpecialties in Marquisettes and Scrims at attractiveprices. Novelties in cretonnes from 15c a yard up. Upholstery materials in the greatest variety and at lowestprices. Lace edges and Guimps of every style and tomatch all materials; 3,000 yards of 40-inch wide Scrim inwhite and cream at 12 l-2c a yard. This article comparesfavorably with the usual 25c quality. New willow furniture pieces and new lamps continually received.Call for our booklet entitled ''Draping the Home."Of Wolf, Wile & Co.PUBLICATIONS ON AGRICULTURE FOR DISTRIBUTION. iINo publications are sold by the Department of Agriculture, therefore donot send money to the department.Copies of publications listed here w,illbe sent free upon application to theEditor in Chief, Division of Publications, Department of Agriculture,Washington, D. C, as long as the sup- jj.j .v-ww. ,,.. .. uwiuuin-ui-i),supply is exhausted publications can ibe obtained from the Superintendent tof Documents, Government Printing: IOffice, Washington, D. C, by purchase Jonly. Send all remittances to theSuperintendent of Documents direct.His office is not a part of the Department of Agriculture.formerly Jlfaumanj Straus dc Co.lCopy No. 510""''vVAmerica7 s First CarMakes a "Hit"With the LadiesMAY GIVE UNCLE SAM CHANCETO TEST AERO FLEETUncle Sam's aeroplane fleet will bewidely used by both the army andnavy if actual war comes with Mexico, it would be the first real test ofthese fighting machines in actual conflict between two hostile nations. Airships were used in the Balkan warand in Tripoli, but in neither instancewere they given a sufficient try-outto determine their usefulness.The Government's areoplane fleetis now concentrated at San Diego,Cal., but the exact number of airshipsat this camp is withheld by the officials. It is known that there are atleast six of the most modern machines now at San Diego, besides anumber of others which are availablefor scout duty.The San Diego air fleet is undercommand of Capt. A. S. Cowan, andits operations would be directed byBrig. Gen George P. Scriven, Chiefof the Signal Corns of the arm v. andLieut' Col. Samuel Reber, Chief of theDivision of Aeronautics.At Pensacola, Pla., there are six hydroaeroplanes.IpisiiByt -1- vwS- wlRussian girls are not averse to longengagements.ATTEND THE LOTSALE ON MAIN STREETOn Wednesday, May 6, at 2:30 p.m,, .Harris & Speakes, agents, will sellfive desirable vacant lots on , Mainstreet.' Valuably prizesto be givenawa Attend the sale.(28-td) , S "s, . .There are 4,3S6;000 mules and 20,567,000 horses in the United States.FOREST NOTES.Nearly 4,000 acres were reforrestedhi Montana and Northern Idaho during1913, at an average cost of $7.50 anacre.The best forested area of China isin Manchuria. The principal tree varieties are pine, cedar, larch, fir, yew,oak, elm, walnut and birch.Two forest offiCers, in Washingtonand Oregon, are writing: Donnlardescriptions of the forest .trees on 1tlie . Crater and Mt. Rainer Nationalparks, for use of visitors to the parks.Gannett Peak, Wyoming, nearly 14,000 feet in elevation, and the highestmountain in the State, is on the dividing line between Bonnevville andBridger National forests.In Northern Arizona, Utah, Nevada,Southern Idaho and Western Wyoming, the fires on National forests setby campers have decreased in fouryears from uearly a third to approximately one-fifth. Lightning fires haveincresased from less than one-fourthto nearly one-half. The relativelylareer nronortioni from lip-htnino-"however, is due 'to decrease in' otherDismiss instantly from your mind the thoughtthat la. woman should not drive a gasoline car.Maybe 3011 have thought if unwise and unsafe to trustto her a car that you would drive.The electrically controlled Haynes has done away withthat prejudice forever.You can drive the electrically conquered Haynes within30 minutes after you first see it. ' .We 'mean just that without exceptionMaybe you have driven a car before maybe youhaven'tIt doesn't make a bit of difference. Electricity makes it possible for you to drive with mas-ter-hand the powerful 65 H. P. Haynes:Electricity and the Vulcan Electric Gear Shift.You .hold the complete mastery ofthe Haynes in a single set of push but-(tons one button for each speed; tIf you fail to see the electrically con-trolled Haynes you mfss the biggestfeature at the 1We will have a Demonstration on 1Court Day, May 4th.Craig'-Davis Motor Co.piSoli)Cumberland Phone 270causes.. .r -c-.v'j'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, -KENTUCRY, APRIL 28, 1914HAS THE BEST'SOCIAL AND PERSONALOLD BOURCON FAIR VILLBE HELH IN SEPTEMBER.HAS THE BEST'OF ALL LINES MAO&Mrs. William Wasson, of Ver-! sailles, is visiting her sister, Mrs. Jas-Judge H. Clay Howard left Sun-i day for New York on a business trip.All kinds 0"f AtltO-, per Off utt, on the Lexington pikecnobiEe Insurance.At a meeting of the directors ofthe Bourbon County Agricultural Society, .held Saturday afternoon at thecourt house, the advisability of holding a fair here this year was freelydiscussed, and the question was settled in the affirmative. The time willDe uie same aate tnat ror so manyJUST AReminderlmy ROXIE DAVIS.MALT MEADThese warm spring days call for acooling, bracing beverage. Nothingbetter in the soft drink line hits thespot like Malt Mead. We have it onice at all times. '24-lt) JAS. E. CRAVEN.30URBON CONVICT IS GIVENPAROLE 3Y COMMISSION.Dan Elite, a negro, serving an indeterminate sentence of from two to fiveyears in the Frankfort Penitentiaryfor malicious striking and woundingith intent to kill, was Friday granteda parole by the Prison Commission.Elite was sent to the penitentiaryfrom Bourbon county.FRESH STRAWBERRIES.We have them fresh every day.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.NEGRO CHARGED WITH STEALINGMULE ARRESTED IN LEXINGTON.Patrolman James King returnedfrom Lexington last night on the 8:15interurban car, having in custody Eugene CIlHspie, a negro charged withstealing: a mule from Brice Allen, intnis city. The theft of themule occurred Sunday evening. PatrolmanKing l eceived information that the negro was headed toward Lexington andT.e left for that city yesterday afcarsioon. Gillispie was taken into custody near the fair grounds in Lexington,lie had the mule in his possessionTvhan arrested.ATTEND THE LOTSALE ON MAIN STRI:etOn Wednesday, May 6, at 2:30 p.m., Karris & Spcckes, agents, will sellSve desirable vacant lots on Mainstreet. Valuable piizes to be givenaway. Attend the sale.(28-td)FORMER BOURZON WOMANSUICIDES 3Y TAKING ACID.A message was received in thiscity Sunday afternoon announced thedeath of Mrs. Henrietta Eals, the wifeof Mr. H. T. Eales, which occurredSunday at her home in Frankfort, andwas the result of carbolic acid poisoning taken with sucide intent.Mr. Eals for a number of years wasa guard at the Penitentiary in Frankfort, but lately has been an attendantat the Lakeland Asylum. His wifehad been in declining health for sometime and despondency over her condition is supposed to have been thecause of her rash act.Mrs. Eales was the daughter of thekite Henry Lindsay, of Ruddies Mills,this county, and besides several children, is survived by one sister, Mrs.Clarence Hough, of Ruddles Mill.tinuing four daysThis announcement will .be goodnews to thousands of people in theState, who have long regarded thistime-honored institution as one of themost enjoyable events of the year,and the merchants and farmers werealso interested in its continuance.The directors say it is up to the public now to boost the Bourbon Fair andmake it a success, both socially andfinancially.The election of officers of the organization will take place at an earlydate, when it is probable that all theold officers will be elected. Mr. Jos.M. Hall, who has been at the head ofthe Society since its re-organization,will be president, and Mr. John Wiggins, who served his first year as' secretary, will be again chosen.Mr. Wiggins last year made anideal secretary, and, while the fairwas not as big a success as was hopedfor yet there was a great improvementboth in the amusement features andother attractions, due for the mostpart to the efforts of Mr. Wiggins.MILLINERY.Up-to-date millinery at Simon's.ATTEND THE. LOTSALE ON MAIN STREETFOR THE CHiLDREN.ChiiJivn's diosses of all kinds atHARItY SIMON'S.AUNT OF PAR S MAN DES INHOSPITAL i: 3ELMA, ALABAMAMiss Mary Ross, of Wyoming, 0.fveara iias hPPn Mm-moii hv m m10.is here for a visit to her sister, Mrs. oldest falr in Kentiip.kv. winning HipT3 A fT'V.w.-vr,. : "' -o "-O -r A , r, ai . first Tuesday in September, and conGa., with her sister, Mrs. M. C. Morris, whols quite ill.Mr. June Keller is quite ill at thehome of his father, Mr. I. N. Keller,suffering with typhoid fever.Mr. and Mrs. R. S. Starke havejieturned to their home in Midway, after a visit to friends in this city.Th Misses Nichols, of Lexington,were the guests Sunday of theirt,... "'Iniotner. mrs. Kate Gregory.Mrs. Rebecca Freeman entertained Friday afternoon at her home ontne Aiaysville pike with a card party.Mr. and Mrs. Carl Long, of nearParis, have returned from a visit inHarrison county, their former home." Mrs. Charles M. Griffin has goneto Atlanta, Ga., to be with her mother, Mrs. M. C. Morris, who is seriouslyill.Dr. Raymond McMillan, of Lexington, was the guest Sunday of hisbi other, Judge C. A. McMillan, iu thiscity.Miss Hai'el Cottingham, of Lexington, was the guest Sunday of heroarents, Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Cottingham. Mrs. Elizabeth Renick, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. B. M. Renick, is quiteill of typhoid fever, in Nashville,Tenn.Mrs. A. B. Barclay, of Georgetown, is the guest of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. George Redmon, at theirheme near this city.Mr. Sherman Snapp, who is traveling for the Royal Baking PowderCo., was the guest Sunday of hismother, Mrs. Alice Snapp.Mrs. W. L. Yerkes and daughter,Miss Elizabeth, returned Saturdayevening from a two weeks' trip toWashington and New York.Mrs. Rachel Barlow, who has beenthe guest of her daughter, Mrs. F. P.Kiser, for the past two weeks, leftvesterday for her home in Pensacola,Fla.Mrs. W. W. Judy left yesterdaymorning for Kansas City, Mo., to be atthe bedside of her mother, Mrs. Nannie Boone, who is quite ill at herhome in that city.A dispatch from New York says:'Mrs. W. E. Simms and Miss Elizabeth Simms, of Lexington, who weresniests at. the Hotal Vanderbilt forseveral days, have gone to visit inAnnapolis, Md."Mr. W. C. Massie moved yesterday form Hidaway, his home whichwas recently sold to Mr. John Davis,of this city, ,to his farm on the Maysville pike. Mr. Davis and family willmove to their new home shortly.Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Blackerby, ofParis, and Dr. Blackerby and MissBlackerby, of Falmouth, motor 2d toVersailles Sunday, where they attended the funeral of Mrs. Frank Blackerby, which was held in that city.The following persons from thiscity attended the opening of the Country Club, near Lexington, Saturdaynight: Misses Elizabeth Steele andCarolyn Roseberry. Mr. and Mrs. Edward Prichard and Mr. Charlton Clay.Mr. Henry S. Cay wood, of NorthMiddletown, a member of the firm ofCaywood & McClintock, prominentstockmen, who suffered a broken legas the result of a fall at his homeseveral weeks ago is able to be outon crutchesOn Wednesday, May 6, at 2:30 p.m., Harris & Speakes, agents, will sellfive desirable vacant lots on Mainstreet. Valuable prizes to be givenaway. Attend the sale.(28-td)FOR RENT.Cottage on South Main street, nearL. & N. round house.(28-2h) J. W. BACON.Screen Wire Cloth, Door and Window Screens, all sizes, in stock, atpopular prices.Special at 10 cents a box. InitialBox Papers, Correspondence Cards tomatch, fine die stamped initial in blue,regular 25c. quality, at 10 cents a box.FREE THIS WEEK ONLY, with apurchase of 5c, or more, an importedGerman sharpening stone, an excellent article for your kitchen. Freethis week.Wall paper, 12 rolls Side Wall with2 rolls border to match, all for 59cents, with 8 rolls ceiling includedadd 25 cents extra.THE FAIR.Old Straw Hal7PUBLIC SALE-OE-BAR FIXTURES, ETCAt my place of business on Mainstreet, onTHURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1914.at 2 o'clock p. m., I will offer at public sale Bar Fixtures in first-class condition, Glasses, Cigars, Tobacco, 'etc.,also one heating stove, gas stove" andmany pther articles.(It) J. F. WETHERALL.FOR SALEFour overhead electric fans, in excellent condition. Will sell them at abargain. LEER STOUT.OWOOLWANTED!-Dr. Stephen Trabue, of Shawhan, IMrs. Frank Blackerby, aged 63years, died at a hospital in Selma,Ala., Friday, after an illness of several months. -Mrs. Blackerby hadbeen in declining health since lastDecember and had been confined inthe hospital only a few days. She wasformerly of Versailles but in late yearhad resided in Taylorsville, Ky. Shewas an aunt of Mr. C. L. Blackerby,of this city.Besides her husband" she is survived by three sons and four daughters:Messrs. Cliff Blackerby, of Versailles,Thomas Blackerbv, of Bloomfield.Kick Blackerby. of Louisville; Miss p-tn , mined vesterday auoin'-Anna Ttlar.kerbv. of Tavlorsville Mrs. Uv,-.--. umft in Hpnrv addition for theirHoward Railey, of Atlanta, Ga. sons joe and Jeff Ruttencutter. Th 2reTiie remains were Laiteu lu veisailles, Sunday, where they were .interred in the family lot in the cemelery at that place.this- county, underwent an operationat the St. Joseph Hospital, in Lexington, Friday. Th3 operation was performed by Drs. Kenney & Rankin, ofthis city, and Barclay, of Lexington.His condition is critical.Dr. A. J. Skillman, of Lexington,was a visitor in Paris yesterday. Dr.Skillman, who is a former Bourboncounty boy, recently returned fromWashington, where he took the examination to enter the army service asa surgeon with the rank of secondlieutenant. While there he was theguest of his cousin, Mr. Best Skillman. Mr. and Mrs. J. A. RuttencutteratSPECIAL SALESpecial Sale of ladies' misses' andjunior suits, at Simon's.ROOM-SIZEDRUGGETTO BE GIVEN AWAY.See the room-size Brussells druggetin J. T. Hinton Company's window.To be given away at the auction saleof Main street lots on Wednesday,May G, at 2:30 p. m. Other prizeswill also be given away at this sale.(td)I sons, Joe ana Jen. nuitcuouu. "I were present five pair of twins Har"Irv and Fairy Lykins, Ruby and RuthLovell, James and Martlia rnompsuu,Mona and Kenneth Taylor and thesons of Mr. and Mrs. Ruttencutter.Th childr3n. enjoyed a number of-ames after which refreshmentswere served and the occasion was averv enjoyable one.Miss Eleanor Clay, the attractivedaughter of Mr. and Mrs. O. P. Clay,entertained Saturday evening at herhome on the Winchester pike with adance in honor of her week-endj.,.. auoc TTntliprine Lillard. or..ooiiioc Miss Hellen Woodfill, of;VClsa"'0i -- . . . tivticci vpila uarriCK. ol ubj.'WOMAN RELATIVE OF PARISPEOPLE KILLED BY TRAIN.tWe will pay highestmarket price for wool.Call at Pricbard &!'s and get onr sacks.Cumberland Phone 682.Lynch & Wiggins,PARIS, KY.0c99&6IIOWING TO OUR LARGE SPRING, BUSINESSWE WERE FORCED TO DUPLICATEOUR ORDERS ONSilks, Challis and -WashGoodsHowever, you will find patterns and styles that aredifferent; values that you will will sayare unsurpassedOur Dress Trimming and Lace StockCannot be equaled in this p'art of the State 5When it comes to LACE CURTAINS, DRAPERIES $and RUGS we are right there we have the goodsw ftW. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.IMade new by usin'g Metropolitan Straw Hat Varnish.Unequaled for Panamas andStraws. Easy to use. Youcan clean your hat without removing the band.PRICE 10 CENTS.99999999999999 9999999999999999iBORLAND'SThe Home of Good Wall PaperGoonteColors old and new StrawHats... It is not a dye nor apaint. There is nothing made9 that resembles it, or that5 will produce equal or similarresults... Especially 'prepar-ed for ladies hats. We have5 it in all colors.. .Anyone can5 can use it.S PRICE 25 CENTS.People's Pharmacy2 Doyle Building 8th and Main5 Both Phones"Watch Our Window."3 jyrj ? 4S-WALL PAPER TALK No. 4.A comforrable. cosey living-room, decorated in warmtints of color that give it that homey look, that charmingair of restfulness, or to have the entrance or hallway tomake a good impression. Therefore, when it comes tow.all-papers, come to a dealer that will show a goodassortment. Don't be satisfied with any ojd wall-paperjust because it is cheap, when, you can get such pretty rdurable papers for so littte money by coming to us." Thsee thousand rolls wall-paper, lc per roll. Come inand pick it out.LOOK US UP!514 Main St., Next to IVIrs. Mamie Farlcer.TELEPHONE 159wtftfl vffWf WWWW1Mrs. Belle Bowen, wife of TaylorBowen of Carlisle, was struck hy asouthbound train near that city Saturday morning and sustained injuriesfrom which she died Sunday morningat four o'clock. Mrs. Bowen, it issaid, attempted to cross the track anddid not hear the approaching tramwhich struck her. One arm was tornoff, her collar bone and left leg broken and her skull crushed.Although pronounced dead, Mrs.Bowen revived and lived for severalhours. No hopes were entertainedfor her recovery and she was removedto her home.Mrs. Bowen was a sister of Mr.Jcse Clayville, residing in Henry Addition, in this city, and a niece of Mr.Henry Roberts, also of Paris. The remains were interred yesterday morning in the Cassity Cemetery, in Nicholas county. .SPECIAL SALE.Trwlinnriington, and Miss Irma Rpche, of Kansas City. Miss Clay's guests are heroni,nftin1(.tP! at. the Hamilton College, Lexington, and they accompanied .her home. inose P1"" "u'v't;ccoc -rciPfinor Clay. Francis Champ,Mary M. Clay, Francis Clay, HenriettaRogers, Margaret Ardery. Miss Bean.Messrs. Tom Prichard, Frank Sledd,J W Young, Bob Jones, Lucien Arnsparger, Blair Varden, Ireland Davis,Hnrrv Horton. Fielding Rogers, HiramRoseberry, Harmon Turner, Johndery, Roy Batterton.LADIES' SUITS.?25 suits at $17.50, at Simon's.SEED CORN.Ar-ppAKTmrmmemo999mi:?Us2THE J. T. HINTON CO.The Bestare'Always. theCheap esiffll tiTSTnTiiffi tiffiiilfiiii ii in iir-ir-ll&lttT- j ju.-- i , yDon't EndangerYourHealthWith a-Cheap-Refrigerator..Keep aKodak Record.The pictures made so easilywill tell the child story for yearsto come.We will be glad to explain thesimple Kodak way in picturemaking it's all by daylight.forCarefully selected seed corn, tested"ermination. uooa. rnones o.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.(21-3 wks) Paris, Ky.MAINSTREET LOTS AT AUCTION.Special .Sale of ladies' .misses' andjumior suit at Simon's. r ; -- 'Attend the public auction of five vaTwo of these lots adjoin the Old FairWednesday, May 6, at 2:30 p. in.Twoof these lots adjoin the Old FairGrounds property, now owned by Mr.J. D. McClintcek, and are sure to makevim money. Attend Jthe cale and -etrI prize. " l4 , (28-td),Kodaks, $6.00 to $20.00.Brownie Cameras, $1.00 to $12.00THE ODORLESSREFRIGERATORJust Received Now on Display.-You have heard of this great Refrigerator. We want you to see them udknow what they are. YOUR SATISFACTION IS GUARANTEED; ; : ;All Odorless' Refrigerators are cased with the most carefully - selected ainlthoroughly KILN DRIED OAK, not ash stained to imitate oak, but genuine , oak;itself ,vthe material used in all high.grade Refrigerators and imitated in all others.The Odorless is also lined with LINOFELT and it is NAILED m place, mdto stay where it is put. The Odorless is made in both the White Enamelthe Porcelain genuine lined; Will you let us show yu these great Refrigerators?If you want a cheaper Refrigerator we have it Come to-day. ,SL "aughertyBros.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance Wood Mlantels- sTHE BOUfeeON. WEWS PARISH KY., APRIL ,28, .1941' A -L. . N. PREPARING TOINSTALL NEW BLOCK SYSTEMz ,- .xQ00THE Lace Front Ccrset hasnow come to its own itsspecial features make fopexceptional comfort in any position, at the same time affordingthe figure a natural and neededsupport because it is constructedon correct hygienic principles.The best material, regardless ofcost, has always, been used inthese corsets workmanship isexquisite you will find theCalma Lace Front Corset the leaderin shops that make a specialtyof pleasing their customers.Prices $2.00 and $3.00On Sale alFRANK & CO.mfThe L. & N. Railroad Company ispreparing to install the signal Triock.system between Cincinati and Corbin,which, is one of tho greatest movesever made for the safety of its patrons. Most of the equipment is onground awaiting the constructioncrew. This system is the best knownfor the safety of trains. An engineercan tell every mile whether there isa train ahead of him, either going orcoming, thus preventing a head on orhead end collision. Signal blockscontrolled by electricity are thrownby the trucks of the train, whichmake a circuit of the rails and thenwhen, the engineer sees that the signal block is red it gives him warningthat there is a train two miles ahead.. He immediately stops his train, andproceeds slowly until the cause forthe trouble is discovered. If bothtrains are coming head on, the blocksignal stops them two miles apart,which gives plenty of time to stop afast going train.- The old-fashioned man who reliedon his umbrella didn't get fooled asoften as the modern man who relieson the weather forecaster.Most of the Pure and Sweet Reformers seem to' believe that a girlcan't be Innocent unless she is ignorant.Woodland Stock FarmHeadquarters For Draft HorsesBuster B.D&tk Bay Horse, Weight 1,700.Sired by Imported Glitter 58803.Sam by Imported Queen 41490.$10.00 TO INSURE.BUSTER B. is a coming four-year--oldand a young stallion of markedsize and condition. He is the kindthat will appeal to your fancy and youvUl make no mistake in breeding to-him.BurleyBlack Percheron; Weight 1760.$10.00 TO INSURE.BURLEY is a splendid specimen ofthe dratt horse and his get haveproved to be of the very best. Thereis a steadily growing demand for theclass of horses produced by Burley,both upon the farm and in the cities.They can stand more work than theaverage horse. He is 8 years old, abeautiful black, well formed, and ofthe class that catches the eye. In selecting a horse to breed to pick onewhose produce commands the bestprice.' The world is a big ball game. Weselect umpires to see that we get asquare deal and an impartial decisionand then we want to kill the umpireif he decides against us.I The old-fashioned man who wasn'ttoo proud to rush the growler andwho never missed a meeting of the, Bauverein, now has a son how takeshis beer home in his stomach andI hollers about the High Cost of Liv-, ing.There are a lot of men who imagine they have great Will Power bercause they can always overcome thedesire to stay sober.The Above Horses Will Make the Sea son of 1914 at Woodland Stock Farm.A"bout7 miles north of Paris on theCynthiana pike. Money due whencolt is foaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent.Xlen retained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to preventaccidents, but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON,Finen lFor Men andBoys.T3e$t Hats at LowestPricesffljFeel It HeaLWMm " When you swallow Dr. Bell's LEm Pine -Tar-Hooey you can feel It k9m heal. It soothes and smoothes the mJM raw spots" says Granny Metcalfe. WLair, Kentucky. That's Granny's -way of saying It, alterbj ciKir.y-nne j ears or experience, can you. say it better? Can the raoct learned say Itbmmh as well? Granny knows, and, she knowsshe knows.CA I A picture cf both Grsnry and tho II j I Bell are on every GENUINU bottlo ofAll U AAI I Dr. Bell'sinT HDvl I PINE-TAR-HONEY 1JfeU MM MM I v'--wc. fi.oo 19f IIDII9 I " TcH By The Bell " STWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEPT.L Vo"stein, Proprietor.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamA Irledicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxtoa Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.O1 EXCELSIQRWe will have in Paris a Full Stock all Models. We SellPope, Flying Marshall and Day ton.The Joseph Candioto Co.151-153-155 North Broadway, Lexington, Ky.Supplies of alf kinds.$----..-----.---SPRING OPENING OPREFRIGERATORS32 Patterns to Pick rrom32Just received one car load of Refrigerators and Ice Boxesand we are going to offer for the next 1 5 days a big specialcutjin'prices, and they are all theINew Ice burgthe kind that makes the best pleased customers. Let usshow you while the line is on our floor.Protect your health by using a New Iceburg Refrigeratorand also protect your pocket with the small ice bill that ittakes to run one of them.A. P. Wheeler Furniture Co.CliAS. GREEN, Manager-Opp. Court HouseSPill SEE!?-OF-DESIRABLE&3&Mcw bh?rtmr&k iJFiLi'El DWELLING.Also 2 Nice Building Lots.Mi vj fe i W arcHaving decided to move to anotherState, I will sell at public auction, onThursday, May 7th, 1914.beginning at 2 o'clock, p. m., on thepremises, my frame dwelling house onCypress street.The house contains eight largerooms, with complete bath room, pantry, plenty of presses, gas for cookingin the kitchen, electric lights throughout the house, which is equipped withhandsome electric fixtures. Thehouse stands on an excellent concretefoundation, and the building is one ofthe best constructed homes in Paris.The lot has a frontage of about 73 -,feet on Cypress street, and runs back.'about 210 feet to an alley. On .the 'rear of the lot is a well built stable, lchicken house and chicken yard. iAt the same time and place I willalso sell the vacant building lot adjoining the residence. This lot has afrontage on Cypress street of about56 feet, and runs back a distance ofabout 202 feet to an alley. There isan excellent cistern en this lot, whichis one of the most desirable buildingsites in Paris.. The inside concretewalk is already built. 'Also, the building lot located on thenorth side of the dwelling, frontingabout 73 feet on Cypress street, andrunning back to an alley, a distance .ofabout 170 feet. . I' BRMS Easy, and made known onday of sale.G. C. THOMPSON,Paris, Ky.There is nothing Romantic about ihaving to look after three or four jchildren and do housework all day,but it sure is a fine antidote for theAffinity microbe.Love is the only game that alwaysresults in a tie.Onlcklr relievos "RhnnmatiHtn. Sore Muscles. Neuralgia. Backache. Headache andall Tialna. Your mnnrv back if it fails to .lieva anv acha in nnv nart ol tne DOir. .,.fifteen minutes time.Jfriee SOc, At AM JJruggists,Free tsmpla sad circular sent on reqaeit. 'BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY,Lumbago-SciaticaSprains' c The directions seys, its good forlumbago too, Sloan's cured myrheumatism; I've used it and Iknow." Do you U3e Sloan's?Here'a Proof."I had my back hurt in the Boer TVarand two years ago I was hit by a streetcar. I tried all kinds of dope withoutsuccess. I saw your Liniment in a drugstore and got a bottle to try. The firstapplication caused instant relief, and nowexcept for a little stiffness. I am almostW eU." Fletcher Ionnan. Whituer, Calif.Instant Relief from Sciatica"I was kept in bed with sciatica sincethe first of February, but I had almost ini,tant relief when I tried yonr Liniment."r. U. JJu&hms, Frankfort, Ky.Sprained Ankle"As a user of your liniment for the last 15 years, I can say it is one of the best onthe market. Fifteen yeara ago I sprained mv ankle and had to use crutches, andthe doctors said I would alwaj 3 be lame. A friend adited me to try your Liniuientand after using It nighf and morning for three months I could walk without a caneand run as good as any of the other firemen in my department. 1 have neer LcenWithout a bottle since that time." Mr. IFdLam U. Brucue. Central lshp, N. Y.SLOANSLINIMENTAt all Dealers. Price 25c, 50c asd $1.00Sloan's Instructive Book on horses, cattle, poultry and hogs, sent free.Address, DR. EARL S. SLOAN, Imc BOSTON, MASS.eGive the average man a dollar urn-j brella and he'll , never worry aboutany other provision for a Rainy Day.342 East Main St.Ltxington, Ky.The wicked flee when no man puri sueth. But as soon as they find that Now that automobile funerals havethey are not being chased they haul j become the thing many a woman willout their Holier-Than-Thou nalos and De willing to exenange an onery nusTlie old-fashioned man who used tostay home at nights and read booksnow has a son who stays down townat night and reads programs and menucards.resume business.band for a nice ride.7J.tASVit j-T73?j s. ..?&? ?ni - .H'v ,if'qppb w7t yP -!, -!! '?T$frf' &V' ." i " -l - ?T7 n HttTikm Ai"' kg-IT ,. -M 'Vt'N?&r1HE BOURBON NhWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 28 1914I'- .Uneeda BiscuitA crisp, clean, nutritious food. Foreverybody everywhere. Fresh in themoisture-proof package, 5 cents.ZuZuThe funny little nameof the famous littleginger snap that putsfresh "snap" and"ginger" into jadedappetites, 5 cents.Graham CrackersThe natural sweetness and nutrimentof the wheat are retained, giving thema delightful flavor.10 cents.Buy biscuit baked byNATIONALBISCUITCOMPANYAlways look for that nameJLUKE McLUKE SAYS(Cincinnati Enquirer.The reason why a girl sits on thefloor to put on her stockings is because her Mother gets off a street carbackward.It isn't much comfort to a baldheaded man to know that he is wearing lots of hair on his hat.L. 6c N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT- 19, 1913 .No. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5:21am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 5:18 am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y ..7:35am'7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:38am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:42 am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily 9:38 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ... 10:20 am12 Lexington, Ky., Daily lQ:15am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily . 10:24 am26 Lexington, ICy., Daily Except Sunday- 12:00 m25 Cynthiana. r'v.. Daily Except Sunday ' 3 : 10 pm9 Maysville, J Dai'v Except Sunday - 3:15 pm138 Lexington, J. . Ha'.ly 3:33pm38 Knoxville,. T.i.'. D?ily ,. .- 3:30pm5 Maysville, Ky., -iilv 5:35pm39 Cincinnati, O., D-iy Except Sunday 5:50 pm8 Lexington, Ky., D.uly 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:23 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains IDeToartNo.-' TO34 Cincinnati, O., Daily 5:28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 5:35 am7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 7:50 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9:43 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9:45 am33 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily 10:29 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily J2:?Z am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily. . J2:05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 12: 04 am13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3 : 3! 3 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily vtpm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ..: f:pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday J? 00 plD32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 1 be:Jlpm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:?Xpm30 Cynthiana. Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . . .6.:Pm31 Lexington. Ky., Daily n0.:.5.DPm131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57pmTrainsNo. FR 0M2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except SundayTraj-ris JD&-No. , TO1 Fjankkfort, JCy., Daily Except Su nday3 'Frakkfort, Ky., Daily Jbcoept Sunday,....I ENORMOUS LOSS AMONGj MEAT ANIMALS FROM DISEASE1 The enormous sum of $150,000,000was the aggregate loss sustained bythe United States in meat animals as, the result of disease and exposure inj 1913, according to recently announcedI estimates made by the Department ofI Agriculture at Washington. Losses' from diseases of cattle, hogs andI sheep were about $122,000,000, andi losses from exposure of cattle andsheep about $28,000,000. The loss inmeat, it is declared, yould have been! more than sufficient to furnish a normal year's supply of meat to -the entire population of the New Englandj States.The figures indicate a total loss of17,005,000 hogs, valued at $73,000,000.j This represents more than 1,000,000,, 000 pounds of meat destroyed, mostlyI by cholera. This loss would have' produced nearly 800,000,000 pounds ofi dressed meat and lard, which, officialsj say, would " have been sufficient to.have furnished every family in theUnited States with an average of lourand one-lialf persons, about fortypounds. "If there had been" no suchloss," it is stated, "probably increasing scarcity of meat would have beenlargely prevented."Under forest regulations in Colombia rubber gatherers are required togive the trees a rest period in tappingthem for gum.By examining fairly accurate records scientists have found that therehas been no appreciable change inthe climate of Northern and Northwestern Europe in 1,800 years.WANTED HIS ASHESSCATTERED OVER TRACKUnwilling to be separated even bydeath from the turf, with which liehad been identified during his longlife, George W. St. Clair, a notedreinsman and official of the KentuckyTrotting Horse Breeders' Associationtrack at Lexington, who died lastweek, it became known Friday, left arequest with friends that his body besent to Cincinnati for cremation, andreturned afterward to be scatteredover the track of the famous old association, with which he had been connected for so many years, and onwhich his most notable triumphs asa reinsman were achieved. Justwhen the ashes will be returned toLexington for carrying out thestrange request of the deceased is, not known. John Splann and MikejBowerman have charge of the funeralI arrangements and will see that the'request is carried out.Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514'Main Street.Office Phones j imE T 334Residence j Hom'e 33;DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's bid gParis - - - Kentuck3J J. WIIililAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-L AW.Room 1 Elks Building-.A.rrrve7:40 an5:50 pnartS;30,an.5:25 pivEASTER MILLINERYWS,Dutch Overskirts a Late andLasting Style for Cottonand Woolen SuitsPIPED AND BOUNDEDGES POPULARNEW YORK, April 27. April sunshine and Easter Sunday bring forththe styles evolved from the suggestions given by the openings. The bizarre and extreme are seen modifiedfor the uses of the American womanof good taste. After services on Easter Sunday, the true styles, whichsweep across the country from coastto coast, and from Winnipeg to theGulf, are seen upon Fifth Avenue.Many of the new hats are of shinystraw, and in sailor, turban, Watteau,and Louis XVI shapes. There is nothing gayer or more attractive than thedainty shepherdess hats which havebeen handed down to us on the canvases of the great painter, Watteau,and given his name. They are usuallyin soft straw, and trimmed with velvet ribbon and brightly colored flowers in such a way that their sugarscoop silhouette is not lost This hatis meant to be worn well over theface; the high French twist of the hairappears to cause this tilt; but a bandeau at the back, covered with ribbonor massed flowers, also holds the hataloft; while a band of velvet or flowers often extends around the head below the twist, keeping the hat securely in place.McCallA Practical House Dress of SturdyRatine with Hemstitched LinenCollar and Cuffs.The Louis XVI placques are beinglooked at and admired; but manywomen feel that they are not becoming, and can be worn only with daintyfrilled frocks whose accessories correspond with them. This style of hatwith a tailored suit .would scarcely bein good taste.The n jaunty all-black hat is the verysmartest for general wear. Coloredhats are both beautiful and chic, butfor practical use they lack the distinction of the black hat. There are afew Leghorn hats worn, "for this is astraw which is always modish. Nomatter what straw or what type of hatthey are sure to flare abruptly atthe side; and in order that it may fitthe head comfortably, a bandeau ofthe straw is fastened to the side. Theclose-fitting round hat, having a highcrown, with or without a straight,narrow brim, is in vogue. These aretrimmed with wings, flowers, andfruits, the favorites being grapes andcherries.Taffeta and moire ribbon, and ashiny satin ribbon with a patent leather finish, are used extensively in trimming the morning or tailor-made hat.Tete de negre is used a great deal onblack hats, and is very practical forthe everyday hat, as the dusky browngoes with almost everything.The style which most fashion experts believe to be among the smartest for Summer wear is the long tunicor Dutch skirt, very full and wornover a narrow underskirt, whichshows about eight inches below thebottom of the tunic. A most strikingsuit which I have just seen is on thistype of gown. The difference beingthat the tunic does not quite come together in the back, and is thereforemore of an apron than a, tunic. T!hisapron is 01 Koman stripes over an underskirt of blue gabardine. The ga-;bardin jacket, of kimono cut, has nar-FLOWERSsliiSl 19 -1111II 11 1lis flMPII1!! "Iflfll!vrow sloeves, andN tlie rounded backdrops below the waistline and slantsup to a point over the chest, where itis fastened with, a single button. Thisis worn over a moire waistcoat with a, large, flaring collar. The striking lit-J tie hat which was worn with, this cos-ttume was divided into thirds, with a11 straight quill standing upright fromeach third.I For my first illustration this week Ihave chosen a simple and stylishfrock for morning and house wear.The material used is a mottled lavendar and white ratine, a fabric which iswoven one way of the goods with arough, knotted cord, which gives thewhole fabric an uneven surface.This! material has widely taken place ofpique and linen for dresses and separate cotton skirts, as it is much easierto launder. If carefully hung andpulled out while wet, it is not necessary to iron it at all. The raglansleeves of the model, and the surpliceclosing waist are as simple to makeas the skirt', whose practical adornments are the two hip pockets. Ahemstitched collar, vest and cuffsgive the dainty finishing touches.Materials for house dresses are asvaried in design this year as the materials for other frocks. Gingham isbeing shown in a variety of new patterns, among them being Romanstripes and many new plaids. Percale has some of the quaint Dolly Varden designs, which makes it attractive and out of the ordinary. The Japanese and English crepes come in avariety of plain colors, and a numberof designs, besides possessing, like ratine, the same advantage of makingironing unnecessary. Plisse crepesare also attractive for warm weather,as they are as lightweight as lawn,canbe washed and dried quickly, and inan hour or so are ready again for service. In my second illustration I haveshown a shirt waist and skirt. Themodel of striped novelty cloth is anunusually up-to-date and conservativeskirt for traveling, shopping and outing wear. Concealed in the folds ofthe lifted pleat are pockets, which area necessary addition to all the mannish tailor-made skirts. The waist ofHabutai silk is a late and fashionablecut, with its long shoulder-line andset-in sleeves.. . Trim Shirtwaist and Stylish PocketSkirt for Vacation Travel.It has been a number of years sincecolored shirt waists hajfe had thevogue that they are having this year.Tliey are to be had in the stores ofcolored linen, with collars and cuffsof embroidery edging or with collarsand cuffs of the same linen piped inwhite, with the buttonholes bound inwhite. Also, the white waists are tobe had with piped seams. Bindingthe front of a waist in scallops isalso a striking finish.Another charming waist had rounding revers of the doubled white lawn,which opened away from a set-investee of the same. The revers werepiped with' a narrow cording of blue.Attached to the end of the revers atthe neck was a collar of pleated lawnwhich extended straight across theback.A simple but charming white crepewaist had collars and cuffs of whitegolfine. Colored golfine also wasused for collars and cuffs for whitewaists.BILEIs NATURE'SDisinfectant.Release that dammed-up Bile and meat1 el Your ills are relieved. MollycoddleLaxatives do not touch the LIVER.Podophyllia (May Apple Reet) dees.PoDoLax is Pedophyllin with the tripetaken ut.Thmn Tryt-'or, Sale by All Druggists, sar Wl A x' ' Y?iLMlifJ III iiii'Mill if 11141 liill WmmWMlMil WfauWrnfWNfl if 1 1km WW mS Siiv1 Ml:.4rr tv,.AJI(anst)mIiJI Qjomans Drink-(qvertjhodusJ)vinkr. S 'K?-ytfe.""?, 'f '(', ''L '""iU.S'.V.V.'.V. " ;.'igorously good--and keenlydeliciduc. Thirst - quenchingand refreshingoThe national' and'aDenied t3-.c cec Ly full nameNicknames czcoiztztq cubclllatioa.THE COCA-COLA COMPANY &"WheneverAll-you see anArrow thinkof Coca-Cola.HxsmbesbS' i.pFREE-ONE WEEK ONLY!ONE 4-OZ. BOTTLE SANI-GENICPOLISH WITH EACH SAN I- .GENIC POLISH MOP."SELF ADJUSTING yPP THAT W s&$r -rIT A CRACKtRACKS?Makes it easy to clean and polish your floors,woodwork and furniture. Reaches the hard-to-get-atplaces.C. A. DAUGHERTY,HIGH-GRADE HOUSE PAINTING.Both Phones 23 1 . . fifth and Main Streetswv&QBBBkC ML' -'.lASSSSSteBSSSniBSSSMnfMHtnT'" ' IsiT"m-w -HWf.(&N Mmk,Have YOU got money in our bank to protectiyouLITTLE ONES and your WIFE from want? ' - fMake OUR bank YOUR bank -We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings. ,DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapital, $100,000.00.J. M. HLL, PresidentWe have always found that when aman wears whiskers on his face hisjokes need shaves too.If the Mother of this country wanted Suffrage, women would b votingV inside of a.yer. ?5?. '- -V J? - .i-." ' .r 5-' --AdkflSr V.' V-' w& - ABE--?i?. iivssss 1M'p "i?:i vi--.-.v:sSwagj:.g?.....beverageyour SoTErrtsjcvMAN"MVOIYSIT IS7SDUJYTO BANKNOJVrJVRffSWFEANDCHILDRENiSurplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THf)MAJ.CAWtThis is a mean old world. Tko around for ten vears wttbtongue hanging out and nmrsimgsv,uuiw,wv,wu tmrst, and, pofio idodge you. But the day yon cUmfcth Water Wagon rery maa ym iiB&$km1jtiec:i.- u h.iillllliifu-imKl. WJt Z t -.is.-.KTHE BOURBON NES, PARIS, KENTUCKY. APRIL 28 191.4.MWCMt$tHHNIIHjftttttwitMimttmatommtWhy pay more. Noted the Worfd Iover as the Best. Packed fresh tevery day, in Sanitary sealed car ttons. For sale by all Grocers at 30 iIs the Choicest Pickings of the bestknown Gardens of the Orient andis noted for its fine flavor and delicate Aroma. Try it today. For-Certified CheckTEACERTIFIED CHECKsnip hv nil lirnrArc. X -..i' jl. a h m mnfcnainniTn c ,-,,, r-- ; . . ,. w .-- W-- j -- wwwww. -v vwuig uoi uuuiiu. uavr uir i.iiii imii . a.'WJLL. FURNISH 3UDDED.APPLE TREES AT COST.The State Department of Forestry.is going into the apple tree business;ad furnish budded trees to the people o the State at cost. So great aderaand for apple trees las arisentfh at a meeting of the ForestryGo3iiission it was decided that apiple seed ,beds should be establishedqs he Louisville nursery and StateFoTeQr J. E. Barton said he would"secure tfte seed at once. The seedliags raised in the State nursery willie .budded and grafted to the proper'Taristae3 for this State before ship-.j3e.it.' A stcxiouse and packing and sorting "plant will he erected at a cost-of llQO is. connection with the Louisyflle nuiseiy.JHODMcSIZH -DRUGGET' TO BE GIVEN AWAY.Bee Uig -Toum-size Brussels druggetan -J. T.-Hiiiion Company's window.' To be given away st the auction sale-of JMain street lots on Wednesday,Maty G, at :o0 p. a. O her prizes"will i'so be given away ai this sale.HEWS OF M1LLERSBUim-Mr. J. J. Peed is somewhatproved.Mr. B. A. Teal continues verymuch the same.Mr. Homer Linville, of Columbus,Ohio, is the guest of his brother, Mr.Roscoe Linville.Mr. and Mrs. Alex Hunter, ofWashington, Ivy", were guests Sundayof Mr. A. S. Best.Mr. Henry Bowling and Mr. Pottsleft Sunday for a tne days' sojourn atMartinsville, Indiana.Dr. I. D. Best and family, of Cynthiana, were guests of his brother,Mr. A. S. Best, Sunday.Mrs. William Norton and MissJessica Spencer, of Carlisle, were theguests of Mrs. Nannie Burroughs onThursday and Friday.Mr. J. P. Hicks will give the BiMeClass of the Presbyterian church ofwhich he is a member a fish fry sometime in the early part of May.Next Sunday will be SundavMODELS SHOW PROP- ,ER LUMBERING.Two models which show how thegovernment sells its timber have just'been prepared in Washington, for 'display at the forest products exposition, to be held in Chicago, April 30to May 9, and in New York, May 20to 30. These models represent anacre of yellow pine land in a Nationalforest of the Southwest before and after logging.In the model showing the stand before the lumberman goes into it,- thetrees range from those only a fewyears old to large, overmature, stagheaded individuals more than readyfor the ax. In the second model themature trees and all others largerthan a certain diameter, have beencut down and made into logs andcordwood. In this, as in all government sales, the stumps are cut lowto avoid unnecessary waste, logs into evoid unnecessary waste, logsare taken1 to a small diameter wellup in the tree, and such material asis not fit for lumber i& converted intocordwood.. Together,, the modelssbow the care which the governmentireiuires of lumbermen in felling old412 ft3 ..ant Eighth and MainMH tin CF(Laporte Argus-Bulletin.)The most brilliant affair of the season at Interlaken was given Saturdayevening. Bfrughs laden with beautiful clusters of apple blossoms fillingone part of the hall, while the otherlv tiT-nfl ViA Vimiott fa t"isA in hnnno 'n'ncf doonratcMli itJ-ifn hdTfl limhc ifW-T,,I iutui.Ui inc ui u.ii xo ijiiu .ix iicaj;i3 1 tin. uguiun.c ir iui usu- uiuu. vuiuii for burning after the lumber has been ged with snow, significant of the trans-I removed in order that tlte fire menace f formation from, winter to spring.WAR NEWS.A hoa tamale man was mobbed yesterday.. Chile con carne is no longer servedin patriotic cafes.The Lewisburg Cadets have organised in Kentucky under Major-GeneralVogt. The members propose to whipMexico with beer spigots and mallets.Fred Hinkel, the Socialist Mayor ofHamilton, Ohio, has written PresidentWilson protesting against the war anddemanding that it be stopped. Theletter must have gone astray, as thewar was still on when we went topress. ( Bits of Ey-Play in Cincinnati Enquirer.SAME OLD STORY.(Pittsburg Times.)ASSIGNMENT OF DEED HenryLess to Uavid Moore, Eucftd avenue.AND DOGGONE IT, WE MISSED IT.J No. Delivery. No Phones.No -CreditWe are mow, using -aSanitary T?sh Cabinet,nd receiving Fresh Pishdaily. We save you "from4c to 10c per pound onMsTs.We do not clean any-F-ish. but 'we save youmoney on them and giveyou good, fresh Fish at-ill times. Clean yourTlsh and you know thatthey are clean.1 M.J, HellerI QnTrnnl T.ot .n 11 P 4-U T3T i I '! 7 " tt" YL LU::. "rclUBeucj.ai ! t ;es so that the young, growth is notul k TV , inured. The brush fe piled in heaps l'the Sunday schools.Mr. A. T. Moffett was called toSharpsbnrg on account of the death ofhis brother, Mr. Samuel Moffett- whohas been ill for five years with tuberculosis. The funeral will take placetoday. Mr. and Mrs. Moffett anddaughter, and Mr. D. E . Clarke areamong the number who attended thefuneral.The following are among the number .who attended the SqhumannHeink concert at Lexington, Fridaynight: Misses Henderson, Nell, Wisham, Letton, Andrews, WelTs, Norris,.Williams, Smith, Stella Stfrman, Kiz-zie Mae McDaniel and Alpha Ball;Col. and Mrs. C. 3f. Best and Capt.Howard Freas.Any one residing in the countryor elsewhere desiring to take, the evening papers, who are not at presenttaking the paper, or who desire toknow the latest concerning the- Mexiican war, will call up Mr. ft. M. Caldwell every afternoon or evening from5:30 to 6:40, and he will give yon anidea as to the headlines in the evening papers. Arrangements havebeen made with the News whereby hecan obtain this' information every afternoon an hour before the arrival ofsaid papers. In this way you can- putyourself In touch with the latest-events of the situation,, and' will beprepared to know just what you-want, before the arrival of the papers.uaii me trom 5:30 to 6rI5 over Homxphone 82; from 6:15" tor 6:40 overJ j either phone 10. In case I am notpresent when you calT. leave yourname and" I will call you on my ari rivaL (28-2t)'- 1 Miss .Nannie Louise Best visitedOUR DAJ'tLY SPECIAL.It Is A Bad Tiling To Be KnownAs & Good Thing: .PART."t "Are you interested' in Mrs, Gadd'sd'iyoree suit?" askec? the iriencL''Yes. I have a part interest m itrppliecf the lawyer.isreo.which foresters say usually followslumbering, ma? be done away with.The iBodel are on a scale of? about oneinch to- five feet, so that trees approximately 100 feet tall are aMxmt 20inches high in the models.It is tile intention of the forest service to nave these models set fartl.certain pciints in regard to t3ie timbersales comiacted by the govetf-iment.They will demonstrate in the firstplace, that the timber on National forests is for use; placards tell .o"w itis sold to ifre highest bidder v-Len ft I . "" .is wanted for commercial purposes-, 'Egging operations, Cfiat tfcff mature .and how it may be given away taHo-l overmature trees should1 be re--.cal settlers and prospectors for devel- Uovea tnar tnnny srowray 3ngoping- i-omesteaas or mines. rne ". -.--.-- . - - -aiiu luauitJ Or jrey. uucjuuuu ul uicstand, and that the young growthriX3uld be protected from? damage inlmnbering- opTer-Btions.Tfte nioffels- are supplemented by agraphic chart, which shows by pictured piles of money and by conventional trees-' of graded size ffftr increase of timber saJes on tlie Natjbnaj.'forests from 1905" to 1903; inclusive.Iir IS)5 the timber sold from the Nn-tiO-Tc-fforest's- agsregatet.n' afBr.CTOO'board feet, -jvniclr brought tlier goyernimmt in more than ?85'30OO: r21ire&years" later ttre anroimt of timber soldincreased to nearly 390,0OO;O00 Boardfeet, and the- money received" ros-e- to?735",CT(J00. Ini 1911, 830,00,000 beardfeet sold for more than $2,000,000r9I yimodels' themsves indicate that the1timber is cut in such a way as toeliminate all avoidable waste of wobcfand to secure r contimiance of thVforest crop, noi only for timber production but for tfte protection of tlte4soil. They furtKer shov he fundamental principle-v applicsble to maatjyrelatives in MaysvUle from: Saturd&Hto Monday,The first game of balS of "the seavson was played yesterday afternoora.on tfce M. M. I. grounds between the?second team of" the TransylvanlaiUniversity, of Lexington, and the MM. T. The game resulted ftr a score-of 8 to-1 in favor of 0ce M; MJ L team:. Ld" fm 1913 more than 2,000,000,000The graduation recital in expres-Ueet brought iir contracts amountingsion af Miss' Annette? Hurst. wiH take I rfr S"4',5T70,000. Not air this moneyDlace S'aturday eveni-ig- at ? o'clock' at 3 was received Iir any one yearr becausethe M. M. I. drill halT All' friends of ; Natibnul" foresr timber is sold" on- con-Miss Hurst and the institution are invited to attend.tracts srhich range from one to tvren--ty-flve years, and' it Is paid for as- cutl k' ?lAFTER E1STEOj3IP-E1CI-A.-J3We Are Offering Now to the Public GreatSpecials in Most FashionableStyles ofSPRING FOOTWEAR; No matter what your ideas may, be, as to style and cpaltyv you wiifind it in our big assortment at prices lower than ever.JLMm 1111WE BEG TO ANNOUNCEthat on Tuesday, March 3d, weplace on sale Spring Styles inNETTLETON SHOESthe" footwear" of distinction for men1llJanw----------HGeo, Mgnr& he Shoe? ? M.iiil-JiJt3 r-Man m::y .-:.v:: .. ':.- V.-.V..v.-.. .-..::;:.:....: :7;V':.f.; ..-.v-vr::HE VAS LOST FOREVER.(Pittsburg Chronicle-Telegraph.)The fat man, leaving the barbershe., slammed the door viciously."Vcu've 'os him," said the boss,"You've lost him now for good.""T know" sn;d the assistant. "But,hang it, I forgot."j CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATIONj . FOR CLERK-CARRIER,An examination for clerk and carrierwill be held at the post office in thiscity on May 2d, 1914. Age limit, 18 to45 years on the date of examination.Married women will not be allowed"You shouldn't forget, George," saidt ftnrx,aL ' ' n' 0wn, " -,,.'the boss ' nowever does not apply to w omen,a o v ,, ?i-: t. -n who are divcrced or thcee who areventured fo beaf tMs SSSS?' U from their husbands"What is thouHe we sked 3upport themselves, but they are eli"GeoSe faSit " fid'tZ-bfi "to. for appointment only as clerli.J? f Ji l,.f m.the .oss' . to,j Applicants must be physicallypart the man ff hair He only sti and male applicant3P ust hslicked down the sides and back." t than s feetP4P inches ta height.r,- . Woc;. t,oii -.r n ! - bare feet, and weigh not less thanwiwu, x.--.i. TTuctcua ivrc4ui c- tui. -&"No matter,'" saidTi rr 4- or "FrT -!" c TI-n.. . .- T 1 " i iii'irormation re?.ative to the examina-S,S Jr 2tLl mn kon, qualifications, duties, salaries,make an imaginary parting on his j ' f romntinn; (-ir addrp4coco, and the ciore carefully you must j IXtelv addressplaster down the imaginary hair to i i' n n wrT-.mTWKTS.-vft'- He'U " te8Tera-rot.ty Boarfl oliJWlto Ex-if.CL.-mIi,aminers, Post Offlce, Parts, Ky.1 j, lUUUUU J AlslAAAJ"It isn't so ridiculous- as ft seems,"a ,, . i m. uaxe iet5L, anu wmgu nut. ltJbs iiuuitTro Sf" vn412 PQl!nds without overcoat or hat.me coss. iso p application blanks and for fulle? balder a man i -, r- i.. t. -,the barber ended. "Every bald man, vrm, ci-7r rr?rmn r! by studying Ms head In a certain! M-515 fT! light, manages to find a bit of fuzz on J io -.t uivj away.- T'l'.ic? -N-iT7- PT-Fi TTT-r-Tr-T" Tf-'-ri t.nlv - 1it. J-1UO J-U.. U.3 UL UiJilO llUIUUOV- Or jLadies' Patent Colonial, French HeelBumps, $5.00 value at $3.49Ladies' Kid and Patent, Light Welt,Oxfords and Pumps, $4.00 Value at... 2.99Ladies' Pumps, Patent and GunMetal, Kidney Heel and the BabyDoll, $3.00 value at ... 2.49Ladies' Satin Pumps and Patent Colonials, $3.00 value at 1.99Ladies' Gun Metal High Shoes andOxfords, $2.00 value at 1.493.50Men's Famous Walk-Ovci, Taa andBlack, in all lasts and styles,, highshoe and Oxford.. $4.50 and $4.00Men's Walk-Over, Tan. asd GunMetal, high shoe andi OxfordMen's High Shoe and Low Cats, Beacon Make in ail leathers $4 value 3.50.Men's High Shoes and Oxfords, in alllasts, $4.00 and $3.50 value.. 2i&fcMen's (km Metal, Button and Lace,$3.00 value atseem to nim that he's bald. Hair's'a little too tHinr perhaps But he'snot bald not bald, like Brow orSmith; oh, no-T j"And you break his heart when, af-ter you shav-lim, you neglect toibrush his fuzz. Is he then really asbald as Smith? Curses, no! You're-a fool, that"-BaIL He goes out slamming the door; and he patronizes:thereafter a;, barber who will fuss overjnis white come as though itSamson's."See the room-size Erussell druggetui J. T. Hinfion Company's window.To- be given away at the auction saleqC Main street lots on Wednesday,.Iay 6, at 2: SO p. m. Other prizeswill also be given away at this sale,(td) . .VUFF!Hei face is freckled I can see,I speak of Mary Hex;was t And, though her sight Is perfect, sheIs always- wearing specks.rLENIHAN'S139Misses5 and Children's Shoes, In All Leathers and Styles at Prices YouKnow You Cannot Duplicate Elsewhere, rjf You Know the Value of Money, If -You Appreciate BeautyIn Footwear, You Wi.(l Buy It FromCash Specia25 lb. sack H. & E. Sugar ". 1.25(With a three dollar purchase)Large size can Tomatoes 10c3 cans Baby Bunton Corn .- 252Pride of Illinois Cora ," 10cCracked Rice, per lb r 05cFancy Head Rice, per lb. : 10c2 cans Cu-Tu-No Red Salmon . - -35cPalm Brand Peas, per can. 10cFox Lake Peas Per can - M5cSugar Loaf Peas, per can 20cBulk Coffee, perlb -20cLANCASTER PRIDE FLOUR25-pound sack , 80c50-pound sack 11.55100-pound sack ." .. 3.00Stone's Wrapped Cakes Received Eresh -DaiSy.T. . LEnillAnIDAT C O H B IST .'Greatest Shoe StoreI' J. Cash Grocery,Both Phones 234m-, - -SH H-- .''-