TUvaoV"? rSK v.fr,-r-je:-PUBUSHED EVFEY tfTTESDAT NB FBEDAY JN TEE YIAR . :vMv vVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRJDAY, JANUARY 30, 1914"WE KNOW HOW'.4 -''-;' ,".'tTr,f.EARLY MORNING INFERIOR GRADESFIRE DAMAGES" - HOLD SWAY ONDRUB STORE LOCAL MARKETHOUSE VOTES TO IADMITTHQSEWHOTOOK LOYAL OATH'A-A IBlaze' Starts, When Oil LampExplodes in Hands of ItsProprietor.BUTLER SUSTAINSPAINFUL INJURIES.Firemen Control Fire After aStubborn Ffght of Overan Hour.The explosion of a kerosene lampyesterday morning about sik o'clockset fire to the building occupied by thedrug firm of Chas. E. Butler & Co., onMain street and for a time a seriousconflagration was threatened. The"blaze, hdwerver, was extinguished after a stuborn; fight on the part of theilremen and "after considerable damage had been done from fire antrwater.Then re started on the second floorof the building when the lamp in the .hand of Mr. Butler, cvho had gone tothat part of the building for some articles, exploded, and spread veryrapidly. Wihen the firemen armed on the scene the flameswere rapidly eating their. waythrough the roof of the building andwas rapidly consuming the woodworkon the second floor.A line of hose was run into thestore jand the firemen fought valiantlyto confine the blaze to the part ofthe building .where ic originated, butin so doing no little damage wasdone by water which ran in streamsfrom the floor above and coveringeverything in the rear of the firstfloor.In the explosion which caused theAre Mr. Butler suffered a number ofsevere burns about the face and headand his hand was badly cut by a pieceof glass from the lamp. He is confined to his home on Second street andit will be several days before he willbe able, to attend his place of business.His injuries a're very painful.According to the story of Mr. Butler .he had gone to the second flor ofthe building, which was utilized as aplace, for storing" surplus stocks, to secure a bottle of citrate of magnesiaIt being rather .dark at that time ofthe morning -it" -was -necessary for himto take a large lamp with him. After;securing the, article eye desired, heclosed the door. and started down thestairs. Whether it was a suddendraught of air, or a defective burnerin the lamp is unknown but accordingto Mr. Butler 'the light, began to flutter and soon the blaze had entered thehowl of the lamp and the explosionfollowed. ,The oil flowed freely over the floorand he attempted to hurl the blazinglight through the skylight. The oilon the floor was then Burning freely,and suffering from his burns and thesevere cut on his hand he hastened togive the alarm. In his hurry he felldown the stairs and was badlybruised. Rushing to the front of thestore he called for assistance and thealarm was given. The firemen responded hurridly, but when theyTeached the scene, the fire had gainedconsiderable headway, and in a fewminutes more it is believed wouldhave been beyond control. It wasalmost two hours- before the blaze wassubdued beyond the danger of anotheroutbreak. As little water as possiblewas thrown into the building.A railuig around n opening in thefloor was entirely consumed, and thewalls charred by the blaze, which hadgone through the- roof. The building,which is owned by Mrs. Belle Alexander, was damaged to the extent ofabout 500. it is unable at this timefor Mr. Butler to estimate his loss.Mr. Charles E. Butler, Jr., who is incharge of the store of the firm in Carlisle, was called to this city yesterdaymorning. to take charge of the affairshere until his father has recovered.Rre, wit$ and lightning nsur-j nuedJ & 'wheeier sow e.osoaUCC Thomas & Woodford, pounds for $83S.1S, an average of $13.-78-per hundred..? j jjjiier .LrJl sold . 1,685 pounds .forTAYLOR DAIRY HERD i $294.23, an average of $17.'40 per-IS SOLD AT AUCTION5, hundred. ' .I Stoker & vagoner sold 4.03uj pounds for $610.77, an average of .$15.-The publia sole of -"dairy cows "and j 10 per hundred pounds 'other live stock, crops. Implements j .Ardery & Lewis sold 5.98o poundsand household goods belonging to Mr. -for $379.54, an average oi $14.i0 perNewton H. Taylor, was tield Wednes- hundreu pounds.day, at the:hoine oh the-: Winchester I C. C; Clarke Wells sold 6,2oPike. The weathor was-ideal and a jpbmids t0T-$m., an .a,o4age ,otlarge crodi was in attendance. Geo. $14.34 permndred VoimdsD. Speak&swctioncer, makes the f0l-. CollipX& Hudnall sold 3 A40 poundslowing T?port: PJfty--eight high-class j f or 5435roD, un average-.of $13.o0 perdairy cows were sold at prices from hundred Pounds. nnnnAa$65 to .130 per head;brocd sows, $20 Leach & Hmton sold 3foX0 poundsto $45; horses, $147.50 to $205; mules for $5245,. an average of $14.6S perin pairs, $350 to $407.50. single mules, todrrd pounds. nnilflH$150 to $235 each; chickens, 45 to 60 Ejalt & Snapp sold G,l poundscents ea!ch; guineas, 45 cents each; '.for SS1S.40, and average of $12.95 perhay, $16 to $19 a ton. Fanning imple- j hundred pounds. .;ments and household effects brought 'Jfgood prices.. Mr-riandiMia. Taylor .pounds for $496.47v an average of $13.have conducted a ' successful dairy SO per -hundred pounds. , .;;-;,,husinRS here for many year3. Mr. LEXINGTON.-"- i ' 'Julian Frank has rented the farm and jwill move thereCrood Prices Realized in Spiteof the Poorest Offeringof Season.WILL REACH 5,000,000POUNDS SATURDAYManagement Thinks Rush ofSeason is Now Over.Other Sales.With some grades much inferior toany tobacco sold on the local markethis season, and with the majority of.hat offered being of a poor quality,he sale held at the Bourbon TobaccoAHarehouse yesterday, everything considered, is pointed to being the best, ofhe season. The quality of the tobac;o was to a great extent lower thanhat offered at the opening of the season, but the price is holding up steadly, and there is a general feeling of;atisfaction among those who haveilaced their product on the local market. A report which wasvstarted at theale Tuesday and which has heenraced to parties who started the-tory y,rith a viewof injuring the Parisnarket was to the effect that two menemployed a the warehouse had developed smallpox. This story was absoutely without foundation as the twonen who were reported to have thelisease aje working daily at the warelouse. At the sale yesterday 284,995Dounds were sold for $32,448.40, anwerage of $11.40, which is consideredery high for the quality of the offering. With the close of 'the sale Satulay it is expected the five millhvjoound mark will have been reachc'1.ind the management of the lot 'warehouse are of the opinion that t.eason's rush will then be over, fr't will be possible for tobacco arrivi.For the sales of 'the future to be?'oaded as soon, as they reach the bulhig. t ,During the week there have besold on the Paris market crops fnHarrison Scott, Nicholas, Mbntgory and Clark counties, and thewere several consignments on V)florrs yesterday- from neighbor""counties. Following are a lew of-t -averages:Thompson &. Halloway, 3,7 "'pounds, $617.15, average $16.53.Wood & Hill, 8,845 pounds, $1262.67, average $14.27. 'Brock & Kline, 7,950 pounds, fST67, average $12.48. ' .' ..- . .Grant Galloway, 3,935 pounds, $C3"16, average 14.07.C. B. Cox & Lewis, 1,790 poun-1. '.;$269.98, average $15-08. . . , ;I. S. Reynolds, 1,790 pounds $2n!-68,. average $15.77.Mrs. Nellie Highland, 6,895s pound.- '"$8S8.75, average $12.88.Clark & Eades, 2,125 pounds, $305.9 1 raverage $14.33. " '-'--... -.... ')C. S. Ball, 14,990 pounds,. $2,003.H. ' T.average $13.35. ; . A , ,H. S. Clay, 13,015 pounds, $1,860.GV a the Lexington market this seasonaverage $14 29 ' as scored Wednesday, when fiveMarston & Liter, 7,180 pounds, $1 .- baskets aggregating 1,307 poimds1327, -average $15.77. rom the crP of Hieatt & McCray, ofRash & Johnson, 5,400 pounds, $67C, i ayette county, sold for $39 per hun44 average $i2 52 ared Tnis scroP was remarkable forJ. H. Smith. 3.130 nounds. S475.4-J.average S15 18'TUESDAY!S 'SALE.A total of 286,530 pounds of tobacco were sold "on the local market o:Tuesday for $33,300.28, an average of$11.62 per hundred. The quality ofthe tobacco was very poor, but pricesobtained were very satisfactory. Following are-a few crop averages:owing are-a tew crop averages:Thompson & Snapp sold 7,385.. 01 OOI CO r.-n nnamiro nf$16.67 per hundred .pounds. -poor quality of the offering reducedBurke, Brent & Garrison sold 3,625 'the average to $10.20 the hundred. Apounds for $468.31, an average of? total of 250,000 pounds was sold1 atP 12.93 per hundred pounds.Ardery & Medlin.sold 2,240 poundsfor $4052an average of $17.62- per1 -The highest price paid for tobaccoConfederates Who Swore Be-fore War Closed to Getin On Pensions.ATTEMPT TO AMENDVBILLMEETS DEFAT.;President Wilson Invited toMeet With the K. E. A.Next May.FRANKFORT, KY., Jan. 29. Afterpassing a bill to license trainednurses, the House got down to workand passed eight other bills, the mostimportant of which was to widen theConfederate pension law so as to admit Confederate veterans who tookthe. oath of allegiance to the UnitedStates under duress before the closeof the war.An attempt was madeto amend thebill to include widows who had married old soldiers up to 1900, but thiswas defeated. Mr. Walton made aspeech against the amendment and"said it would open the way for pension scandals similar -to those whichhave apperaed in National Government. Representative Douglas, of Owencounty, whals repoued to have Congressional aspirations, made a fieryspeech in- favor of the bill.The expected thunderstorm in theHouse over the Price affair,, did notmaterialize and the body adjourned,after adopting a resolution endorsingthe invitation of the Kentucky Educational Association to President Woodrow Wilson to attend the annual meeting fh Louisville May 1.NO STATE-WIDE "DRY" BILL.FRANKFORT, KY., Jan. 29. Therewill be no State-wide prohibition billintroduced in the Kentucky Legislature during this session.This was finally decided at a meeting held in Frankfort Wednesday between Representatives of the Woman's Christian Temperance Unionandvthe Kentucky Branch.qLthe Anti1 Saloon "League. '-- K&l.----- . vWALL APPOINTED.FRANKFORT, KY., Jan. 29. Thename of Judge Garrett S. Wall, ofMaysville, was to-day sent to the. Senate to succeed himself as a Demo" atic member of the State Board of: Control. His nomination was immediately confirmed.CHRONIC CONSTIPATION CUREDYxire years ago I had the worstcase of chronicv'constfpation I everknew of, and Chamberlain's Tabletsffvi-tured me," writes W. S. Fish, Erook-jyir, Mich. For sale by all dealers.(Jan) (adv).. ," 4U1UUUI Ui uiKurei.ie wrap-the lareei Perrt contained, and 3,40 5 poundsTint Aif nrn nlnaA rt-nrlbrought a shade above $25 a hundred.) The general quality of the offerings', was better than has been before on' the market recently, although tlrere. was so much common tobacco. Sales' were a little higher on the betterI -Trades.SHBLBYVILLB.;,The loose leaf market was strong' 'UDrttinprtov of CVinl Vt'.;il !., V.j urices ranging from $2 to $20. Therei vere few rejections. Receipts wereI lighter.DANVILLE.Two .hundred thousand pounds oftobacco were sold Wednesday at Danville at an average of thirteen centsper, pound. Prices ranged from $4.25to $28 a hundred. The market wasstrong, i.. CARLISLE.Tobacco sales at Carlisle Wednesday-amounted to abou t 240,000pouuds. Prices wore. ,. from $2 to j$27. The market-.was strong ihd snap-1py with high crop averages.;' W.;ST-ERLING3....A-.total of 246,351 pounds of tobacco u-crc sold at iIt Sterlins:. Wndnpss-day. Prices. ,;were firm. . PricesfancjT was offered. . .MAYSVILLE.Wednesday's tobacco sales. at Maysville. totaled' 533,800 pounds,- selling(at.rqm $2 to )$25.per Jumdredr. ; Offer1.'ings were mediumv.Themarlcet vasactive and strong1. ',, . ' . . .".):!A!; -J' ' -Mitchell & BlakemoreT!he Store for Men's Styles3$stfi5vt.-tin rrn nu uttKwHiauajifmi' r. EIv"; - of all kinds . vBig: Bargains in Suits, Dresses, andCioaks, Odd Pieces a,ndi .-stJS?!5iI Jili,SilksLinensLacesff zSl is " - ." - -z , , : L , F-J3g p1 h K AJINiK dc e.. If29 minuuuiuujiftKUiiriiBiimuuuuiiirHijLslonuRHiH! TSf , ' ; . . - ? , --. . . .-,frMitchell & Blakemore'sGLEARACENow Going;Everything in Our!'--$.4v.Utith n f m njiiimimsssFRANK dThe Store Where ReliabilityMow ShowingSpring WashAndvRemnants ofWhiteGoodsDress GoodsWash GoodsHamburgsUnderwearHosieryGOME IN AND SEExT-OnStoreParis, KentuckySfiT KC 3MC .iminrrffsfHeiiimrii'raKii4mHMiJiHaiifcsCOReigns. ,NewGoodsi1JTrH .t::v-?-J--.y- .-.jfJ,i,-V4 ' "X.st, T:MSs-V:.'.- (L" -? '.-.'.--tv-Li'i4v;a.?: ;- v.vJLi Jw..j .j-!&urs.- .-! :i ' - ;.j- -,?w.r:wi v.f 3j ',. . - ar:?;. '..'-;- ' '; j&z a "'" ' ' -T.T. -, . t ' A-Z...V - t - 4.-- t - .&m.-: 5S'r-ifeei;o-.A:2rt--j .:...: '.-vn --.x-- J.f- , 'v. ,-:M t .T. r a- V-rMBMHWgPMMBaBiHgf i -THE r BOURBON NEW& PARIS, KEN I UCKV . JANUARY SO, 1 914tfVASK THEFARMER1.who has" one; what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works4 fdi him. He wilPre' : "Sells My Products 4. Protects ..he HomeGets Best Prices ' 3. Helps the HousewifeBrings Supplies 6. Increases ProfitsJ. Pays For Itself Oyer and Over- Seven cardinal rsasons why YOU should be interested and sendt-iay for booklet.-' For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedProtect Your HomeAnd Safeguard Your Fcrnily and Valables by Installing" ' HOME TELEPHONE'-iBStaat connection with Fire and Police Departments and3kWft other Telxphones in Paris and Bourbon County.- hCall our Gontract Department to-day.iLolal and Long Distance Servicemt Paris Rome telephone and Celvgrapb go.The Bourbdn NewstEstablished 183132" Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Published Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance!ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents'per incheach subsequent inBtertion.Reading Notices 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, ,20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's , stock intrade and source of revenue.'AL"RINGLING FAMOUSCIRCUSGARMSLE,MINITERTAND FAMILY',SAIL ON LONG JOURNEY.The Rev. James C. Ogden, Mrs.Ogdenv and children, of Nicholascounty, sailed Thursday from SanFrancisco for their 15,000 milas journey to Batang,Tibet, "where they willbe located for seven years as missionaries of the Christian churches ofNicholas county. Mr. Ogden is supported hy the churches in Nicholasas their "living link." It w'll be fivemonths before they reach their destination.x John D. Rockefeller has a cold, andcould not bestow his plessing3 on thefolk at church in his customary sunnymanner.Solomon Schinasi, New York cigarette maker, has offered Cairo,Egypt, $5,000 toward providing thecity with a statue of Rameses..Some Paris hankers have arrangeda loan Tor Mexico, faybe they sawa good chance to get even with theirenemies.It is said that Gen. Villa can neitherread nor write, but even Huerta isunable to read the handwriting on thewall.What has become of the old-fashionedwoman who used to wear dressshields under the arms of her whitewaists?MAN.(Incorporated)rt$$&'Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Streeti9 I'&t0Eszdi4f3KWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwai3tat or anything in thelanndry line. fThat is wkaymide ihe Bourbon Laundrfcfamous fo fine work and itdever goes bsck on its reputation. If yoware particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as r?e Wsa toappreciateetMtltllltl The1!"X ' 'Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.immiwiMitiiThe Best in the WorldHiggin All-MetalScreens,Higgin All-MetalWeather Strip.Distributors of the Walger NewcyKLoaei Awning fThe Best Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris Massie Hospital, A.J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. P. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others.Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought now for future delivery are 'made atcents per square foot cherper.T. A. Hendricks,In the "Interesting People" department of the February American Magazine appears an account of "Al" Ringling, the famous veteran showman.He and his brothers are the greatestpowers in the circus world to-day.j When they were school boys, they ranaway from home and started to giveI a show in neighboring towns. They! now own Barnum & Bailey's circusand many other of the most important shows. In the article Mr. Ringling is quoted as follows:"I've always been in the circus business," he said. 'As a schoolboy I ran( away from home with one or two ofI my brothers and started to give aDiacK-iace show in neighboring towns.We were hardly started when mygood father arrived on the scene, thesecond or third day, and took us homeusing a combination of sheer forceand persuasion of another kind. Butoven though he took us home hecouldn't get the 'circus' out of our systems, and in 1882 we started out inearnest." 'Our first performance was in thejail yard in Baraboo. There are lotsof people who still remember that performance, largely, I guess, becausethe seats fell down and almost brokeup the show. Of course, it was onlya small venture and had little to recommend it save the enthusiasm of theperformers."'Oh, yes! he anticipated myquestion 'we all performed in thosedays, all five of us. One of us wasthe ringmaster; another walked thetight rope; another ate fire; one wasa clown; my own act was juggling androlling big cannon balls up and downmy arms and around my neck. Somesay that's why I'm a little Btocped today.' "'Did you have any animals then,any menagerie?"."'Only three or four" horses,. amonkey, and a hyena but this lasthad a more blood-curdling name. Wecalled him a "grave-robbing man-eat-"er .as sucu ne was a great successand brought us lots of business."'This was in our 'wagon-showdays, he continued. 'We traveled bywagons lor six years before we became a railroad sho,w. In those timesone year was about like another, butwhen we got onto the railroads we began to grow rapidly.'"I remarked that Mr. Ringling- musthave seen many changes take placein the circus business."'Yes, indeed!' -ne replied. 'Andwhen I think of the pioneers whosenames headed the 'greatest shows onearth' I begin to feel like an old mani although I'm only sixty-four.' A reminiscent look came into the kindly eyeswhich looked out from beneath black.bushy eyebrows of marked contrast tothe circus man's silver-gray and closecropped Jiair.' Barnum, of course, 1msbeen dead a good many years. Hispartner and successor, Bailey, is alsofloorl OTirl Trrrv Vmm -1... 4.1... TSi uwu, u.uu ru uuja UWU LUtt .DcirHUIIIl& Bailey show. The Forepaughbrothers are gone; eo are the Sellsbrothers. Their combined shows belong to me individually. There wasa time also when we controlled the1 Buffalo Bill Wild West. Come tothink pf it, I'm pretty near the veteran showman to-day, although I'vej got four younger brothers associated; with me in the business. "Greater New York, with the Westchester and New Jersey suburbs, isthe largest city in the world. Itspopulation, including these, was onJan. 1, 1914, 7,388,871. The population of Greater New York, withoutthese suburbs, on the same date, was5,583,871.The cost of living wasn't so highwhen a woman bought a box of cornstarch for a dime and made a bigblanc mange dessert and then hadenough left over to powder herselffor a month. Nowadays she can useup a 98-cent box of powder in two?weeks and can't cook a mouthful ofit.Mrs. W. K. Vanderbilt, Sr., has employed Ernest K. Coulter to ascertainthe reasons for the promiscubus saleof cocaine and heroin. She is fullyconvinced it is due to the failure ofthe police to enforce the laws. Mrs.Vanderbilt proposes to campaignagainst the sale of "dope" from theAtlantic to the Pacific.MEWS' SPECIAL oO DAY RATEWITH THE LOUISVILLE POSTFor the next thirty days the Newswill offer to the people of this sectionthe Louisvlle Evening Post, the Farmand Home and this publication forone for $3.75. This extremely lowprice will be in force only for thetime specified above. The EveningPost, which is one of the best independent daily newspapers in theSouth, has a regular subscriptionprice of $3.00 per year, the Farm andHomo 50 cents, and the BourbonNews ?2.00 per year, making thecost of the, three papers at the regular price $6.00. The early subscriberwill be given the benefit o $2.75. Inmaking this clubbing rate it is understood that the subscription to thePost will be sent by mail, smd in nocase delivered to the subscribers bythe city carrier. All subscriptions.must be sent toi THE BOURBON NEWS, sParis. Kentuckv.5iThe shipment 01 products into acountry is controlled entirely by thecountry into which the products areshipped. In the United States, Congress regulates by law the productsthat may and may not be shippedhere from other countries free from j .dutj'. Other countries do the same."A Perfect Woman Nobly Planned10 Warn, to Comfort and CommandA Nature never intended woman tcbe delicate, ailing, or a. Offerer from"nerves." Women in middle age complain of "hot flashes.". Many ,Women suffer needlessly from girlhood to womanhood, and from motherhood to middle life, with backache, or headache, dizzinessaintness, orbearing-down sensations. For a permanent relief froni these distressingsymptoms nothing is so good asDR. PIERCE'SFAVORITE PRESCRIPTION-as a soothing and strengthening nervineallays and subdues nervous excitability,instability, nervous exhaustion, and ofherdistressing symptoms commonly attendantupon functional and organic diseases of thefeminine organs. 'It induces refreshing sleepand relieves mental anxiety and despondency.The "Favorite Precripti,,is known everywhere and for over .40 years asthe standard remedy for the diseases atwomen. Your dealer in medicines sells it ialiquid or tablet form; or yon can send 50 omcent stamps for a trial box of Dr. Pierce'sFavorite Prescription tablets. Address Dr.Pierce, Invalids' Hoief, Buffalo, N. Y.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regalate and iavigoratcstomach, liver and bowels. Sugar-coated, tiny granules.S?3)ta23""?V225&c-....,- -,New Year's ResolutionsThoughtful consumers of FUEL will resolve to obtain the hi ghestefficiency for iheirmoney during the year to come ' This meansthat they will useJojc Snfciye Coalj"THE FUEL WITHOUT A FAULT'Dodson & RegionThe Home nf Good CoalYards, South Main StBoth Phones 140wB)j Women of Refined TasteGet their advance Spring styles from the new $cTtlcCaU Book of Fashions fSpring Quarterly on Sale Jan-uary 5th Ji rz i s. recognizees .a u -thorityis indispensible in planning your Spring vvardrobe; 100pages of authentic descriptions andfascinating illustrations of advanceSpring feshions gathered from theworld's style-centers Paris, NewYork, London. Berlin.An Ordinance illCITY HALL, PARIS, KY.,January 22, 1914.i:0Bmmits s$EJNewest Fashions for events? orafternoon gowns, for tailored suits, wraps, outdoor and party frocks for misses', children's and babies outfits.IjAXest Styles in hats, gloves, neckwear, jewelry, wide belts, handbans, lingerie and all dress accessories.SpjSCIAI, Articles on 'bairdressing, embroidery and a wealth of other interestingfeatures for women and the home.All designs illustrated in this big SprisgFashion Quarterly arc produced in easy-to-inake-at-homcjperfect-fitting McCall Patterns. 'Only 30 cents Postpaidmdttding any 15-cent PatternFOR SAIK BrMcCxix.The FWcCall Co236 to 246 West 37th St, N. V.With the offer of 50 cents' worth oftoilet articles free, the rush becameso great at the Chemical and DrugExposition in New York, that the police reserves ousted 21,000 personsI from Madison Square Garden.Y i ii jT&.'.'tRhone 2585Safes AgentLexington, KytjMflHBHiHIH9GEO. W. DAVISFDNEIiL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EIBALIER.BOTH'PHKKSES DA 137; NIGHT 299.10 CENT "CASCARETS"STRAIGHTEN YOU UPFURSAND HIDESBEHEST BJMKET PMCE MlFOR RAW FURS AMI HUES! m CMMrinlM. ,WrJ ftrJWH WHITE SCOi LWSV1UE,KY;,;ptfflt ES&mjSSUEWhen Headachy, Bilious, ConstipatedStomach Sour, Breath Bad.Get a ten-cent box now. 'Turn the rascals out the headache,biliousness, indigestion, the sick,sour stomach and foul gases turnthem out tonightr and keep them outwith Cascarets.j Millions of men and women take aj Cascaret now and then and never(know the misery' caused by a laayliver, clogged bowels or an upsetstomach.Don't put in another day of distressLet Cascarets cleanse your tftomach;remove the sour, fermenting food;take the excess bile from your liverand carry out all the constipatedwaste matter and poison in the bowels. Then you will feel great.A Cascaret tonight straightens youout by morning. They work virile;you sleep. A 10-cenhbox from yourdruggist means a clear head, sweetstomach? and clean, healthy liverand bowel action formoi?tks. ChilJ'dren love Cascarets because " theyI never .gripe or sicken. LsiisONEDROPOf BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesfapes, A few drops in theranking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lszisgtsa, Ij.Section 1. Be it ordained by theMayor and Board o Council of thefCity of Paris, Ky. jWHEREAS, It is deemed desirable i $to reduce the boundaries of the City Iof Paris by taking out of and exclud-ing from the City Oi iJaris the follow- ."Beginning on Stoner Creek at a mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmimmpoint where the property of Mrs. Nan-! :nie Clay Hancock joins the pumpstation property, and running alongStoner Creek as it meanders to the -mouthof Kennedy's Creek, and thencein a straight line to the Winchester fpike so as to include all the laudsformerly owned by tne late Garrard 'Davis and now owned by Mrs. NannieClay Hancock, and thence in the middle of said Winchester turnpike 'northwardly to a point 320 feet south .of Hal Woodford's corner; thence in ia .straight line to the place of beginning."It is1 therefore ordered and ordain-ied that the parcel of land aboye setout by metes and bounds be excludedfrom and taken out of and stricken jfrom the present boundaries of theCity, of Paris.SECTION 2. This ordinance shallbe published for not less than three(3) weeks in the Bourbon News, published in Paris, Kentucky.SECTION 3. Within thirty ays af-tter the adoption, publication anti advp.rfifipmPTit. nf this rtrtlinmnn n. tip.-tition shall be filed in the Circuit"!Court of Bourbon County in the nameand on behalf of the city setting forththe passage, publication and advertisement of this ordinance, the objectand purpose thereof together with anaccurate description by metes andbounds of the territory proposed to bestncKen irom tne cityanu praying lora judgment of the court to strike fromthe city; and said petition shall befiled not less than twenty days beforeCALENDARS FOR 1015.We have made arrangements -withthe Hayes lithographing Co., ot Buffalo, N. Y., to act as their agents inBourbon Comity. We have now readyfor display oiie of the. handsomestlines of Calendars for 1015 that vonever saw. We ca save yon at least20 per cent on your orders. Don'tgive them to a traveling agent comein or phone us and,let ns shov yewour -line. The Hayes Co', is oae ofthe largest in. the "world and tkeirthe first day of the next -supceninerrwork is exquisite, bet Mb have yourterm of the Bourbon Circuit Court. order and e&ve you soifce raoaey axdJ. T. HINTON.- Mayor.Attest:. W. HAYDBNV Qlerk.23:3i'ks-eotat the sane tiaae make a little pieceWallPaperIEstimatesFtfrnisfied onJobs CompletefSartc$some Lineof Samples.Telephone 781I Stfcofc Vwir TradeALBERT J0NSct3tfIfor oura&ivB.(If) i SODRtfON XEWS.4 A -.?ffOMHUHIKW -JC- 5wV "v rt.tVi-.'& ti - . ' v. . .' i fit v-r. tn .t-Af? J& J.., - . . JIT r. tA'm'Kmfi&-wt!&:&?JSirii if.L. 1,CJWk4 T . kT-.T i. .. rat v -' c i. Mli?Wt-- 'U .nic &S?&HvX'-1 r- f. ?'r ?t"V. ' . . "r .os. . f C. Te .U '-i4. j "rftW1;$ KENTUCKY, JWttJAfcY 30; 1914!V.MmIJIN DiCESSMT GOIIGB.Cootinued Dropping of Mucus1 into my Throat,Vs X evere cough is always a gravesymptom. It may not indicate organic disease of the lungs. Eventhough the cough Is a functional disturbance It Is of sufficient gravity todemand prompt attention.The dropping: of mucus from thetack part of the nose into the throatSndicates nasal catarrh. Sometimesthis goes on a long time before thepatient pays any attention to It. Itis stated on good authority that mucus dropping into the throat in this;jray is apt to excite catarrh of thestomach. At any rate, the conditionought to be corrected as soon as possible.Mrs. Bourland, of Frankston, Texas, !ifound after using Peruna that not jonly did the incessant cough disap- j-near, but the dropping of mucus intoihe throat had also ceased. Head.whit she says:"For twenty-three years i ras ainstant sufferer from chronic ca- itarrh. I had a severe misery and jlaming In the top of my head. Therojtf&s almost a continual dropping ofaucus Into my throat, which caused !frequent expectoration. My entiresystem gradually became involved,and my condition grew worse. I hadan incessant cough and frequent attacks of bilious colic, from which itseemed I could not recover. Myfcowels also became affected, causingalarming: attacks of hemorrhages."I tried "nany remedies, which gaveinly tern 'jrary relief, or no relief atall. I ai last tried Peruna, and inthree day I was relieved of the bowelderangen int. After using five bottlesI was en irely cured."I most cheerfully recommend theuse of Peruna to any one similarly:afflicted.People who object to liquid mediants cats, now obtain Peruna Tablets.Sweet pdckle made 30 years agowas eaten at a recent dinner in Hagerstown, Md., and found to be improved rather than impaired by age.The "bunny hug" has penetratedto the northernmost limits of Alaska,and the Eskimos there enjoy it, according to Explorer F. E. Kleinschmldt. When two kid gunmen chasedather pupils with revolvers, MissGeorgianna Brown. uiriic school princialp, locked the boys in a closet untilthe police arrived.Hereafter when two of John Dowie'sdisciples at Zion Clty.Ill., puarrel theywill be compelled to wash the other'sfeet in public, by proclamation ofOverseer Voliva.A school for mothers is creditedwith havizg in sis years reduced theinfant morality of Dunedin, NewZealand, from S per cent, a year toless than 4 per cent. The averagerate for England is over 10 per cent."I am no Joseph. An artist in myprofession meets many women," Florenzio Constantino, celebrated tenor,told the Court after Marcella Honta-.bot sued him for lo0,000 heart balmThe jury found for Constantino.For waterproofing fabrics, a Frenchprocess consists in soaking 24 hours'in a solution of one part of aluminumacetate, in 40 parts of water. For thismethod the advantage is clanmedthat air will circulate through thetreated fabric, which also is left quitesupple.Arthur E. Tweedy, President of theTweedy Silk Mills, at Danbury, Ct.,which employ 150 operatives, hasa ten per cent, increase in wages, effective at once, and declared all employees with the company six months,will on next Dec. 15, receive a shareof the profits.THE CINCINNATIWEEKLY ENQUIRE!AMERICA'S GREATEST WEEKLY.PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY.What Wetkly Enquirer IsThe Weekly Enquirer is today oneof the best dollar-a-year weekly agricultural newspapers published. Itsfield is national, anti it reaches everyState and territory in the UnitedStates. It handles all the leadingcurrent news and market reports. Itpresents a complete summary of allthe important events of the times. Itnas access to the Daily Enquirer'slarge staff of correspondents in theleading capitals of the world. It contains numerous departments for theexclusive use of its subscribers. Itslfiction department is unexcelled. Inits field of farm news it is supreme.You need the Weekly Enquirer.There is valuable information in eachissue for all the members of yourfamily.Our special offer to club, raisers.Fifty per cent, discount allowed toanyone sending us a club of three .ormore yearly subscribers at one time. J.Make up a club of three or more andremit us only 50 cents for each name.Write today for a sample copy ofour big Premium and Clubbing Listit is free. You might send us thenames of a few of your friends orneighbors whom you think would appreciate a real bargain offer.We want active agen,bin every rural community. It-S5Mre wel1'known it will pay ydVjUT investigate.We allow, a .big commission on all newand renewal, subscriptions. AddressIBBWEKLYJBNQDIRER,He...CHAT.American chicken fanciers have created or developed 130 different varieties of domestic, poury, rangingN fromthe little bantam that weighs onlytwenty-two ounces-1 to. the MammothBronze turkey, which tips the beamat fifty pounds, poultry breeding isnow. recognized as one of the scientific developments of a very scientificage.it is ciaimea mat even where eggshave begun to hatch under the hen,It is better to finish them off in an incubator, since by th.z method the weechicks are free from liability of gathering lice or mites from the motherhen. The change should be madefrom hen to incubator quite a whilebefore pipping time comes.Remember that newly hatchedchicks do not need food or water. Na-ture has, their proper nutriment prepared for them for he first twentyfour hours.A young man who left the city andoffice life and bought a chicken farm,and wno uas made good, tells how hebegan, how many discouragements hehad, how he used these discouragements as ladders, anc how he has end-ia receiving more orders for hisproducts than he can easily Vn "!alone. He used incubators and savedMie time of his hens for more crative purposes. Out of the incubatorshe sold day-old chicks and also eight'lays old chicks, thus saving feed andcime and losses. The incubatorsfuroed out chicks faster than hisearly brooders. What he thus hadover he fed for broilers as long asprices were high. The rest he fedfor roasters in the fall. He plowedand sowed his lane and. raised hisown feed, giving the slip to the grainiealers and middlemen. He evenmade the lawn clippings count, curing them the same as clover andstoring them away for winter feeding.He made the waste from the wood-lotcount by burning it for charcoal. Itis needless to say that this diligentformer newspaper man "got there."Reflect a little and you will findhat all-day free range for poultry" rot conducive tu profitable egsyields.Egg farming is in a class by itself.Other farm crops are liable to meetwith fluctuating prices, but this doesnot come to the egg farmer. Theprice of eggs is about the same,month by month, one year with another, and it is continually raising.Most other crops require expensivelands and costly fertilization. Theegg crop can be raised on very cheapland, and hens themselves make asalable fertilizer.The Department of Agriculture ofthe United States has just begun investigations into a curious methodof cheating which has developed inthe poultry industry. It seems thatsome shippers have been "fattening"fowls by supplying them, just beforetaking them to market, with food mixtures into which have been put rockand sand, for the purpose of makinga false weight in the birds. The NewYork Live Poultry Dealers' ProtectiveAssociation brought, in evidence, abarrel of these sand-fed chickens.Some of the crops were puffed up tothe size of a small orange and weighed a half pound each, while not morethan three ounces was the lawfulweight of the fowls.Mr. H. M. Lamon, of WashingtonCity, a government expert on poultry,is-now in the State to establish poultry clubs corresponding to the cornand canning clubs of the boys andgirls of the State. This is a move inthe right direction. The boys' andgirls' canning clubs have done wonderful things things, to emulate andto rejoice in.There is a great lesson as well asgreat -"suggestiveness in the presenthigh -price of eggs and poultry, if onlythe stay-in-the-rut farmer will use itand heed it.The Biddy of. the fiftiesyes, and ofj the sixties too spent a whole year inlaying some eignty oua eggs, ananearly half that time in sitting onthem in the darkness and silence,then clucking small broods of chicksup to puddledom. The TwentiethCentury hen is not bo. She is reach-ing out after two hundred and fiftyeggs a year and has been cut off thejob of rearing refractory youngstersaltogether. She is still a mother, buther offsprings belong to the master.- Two Great Classee.The human race is divided Into two.iclasses: those who go ahead and dosomething, and those who sit and ask,"WKy wasn't it done the other. wayl"Holmes.In niauy homes nere is a roomQtted up -as a guest's chamber.- Infurnishing it some color scheme or3pecial design, to give St distinctiveaess, is aimed at. This is alwayscarried out in the linen, and especialr'y in the towels which are kept forthe guest room, and they thus acquire the name "guest towels."There is more Catarrh in this rcction of the country than all the otheriiseascB put together,' and until thelast few years was bupposed to be incurable. For a great many years thedoctors pronounced It a local disease!and prescribed local remedies, ana byconstant failing to cure with localtreatment, pronounced it ,. incurable.Science has proven Catarrh to be aconstitutional disease, therefore requires constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarrh Cure, manufactured byP. J. 'Cheney & Co., Toledo, O., is theonly constitutional cure on the market. It is taken internally in dosesfrom 10 drops to a teaspoonful. Itacts directly on the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system. They offerOne Hundred Dollars for any case itfails to cure. Send for circulars and'testimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY & ,CO,, Toledo, Ohio. "'.;"?- Sold by dcuf surer -. v?SCHICKTake Hall:: tramiiy rms lor cpnsu?v JiffiiisFATTEN ON SLOPInocculated With Cholera Serum, Swine Do Wondrous Well.SCIENTIFIC FEEDINGBeing Tried Out By JudgeDearing and Jas. Thompson Near Louisve.(Louisville Times)lhe introduction of anti-choleraserum in Kentucky promises to revolutionize the hog industry and to put.o profitable use millions of gallonsof distilled sop which goes to waste,he serum prevents the developmentof cholera, which is due chiefly tothe class of food furnished hogs, andwnich is; supposed to follow, withdefinite certainty, the continuousneeding of, distilled slop. The innoculation of hogs with this serum makesJb.em immune and enables breedersto use this highly fattening, finishingproduct with safety and great profit..n most instances the slop from distilleries is all but a total waste, despite the fact that it contains a largepercentage of the most nutritious foodstuff dS. corn. In congested communities the slop is sold in small quantities to residents of the nejghborhoodoi uisiiueries lur xeeuinj; purpusos,both for hogs and cows, and in someinstances herds of cattle are kept atuhe distilling plants and fed on the-slop. This latter practice, however,has been condemned so generally thatit is only a matter of time before itwill have to be abandoned.-Slop feeding to hogs has been usEomary on a limited scale for manyyears, but it remained for the Glen'lear Company, composed of JudgeW. G. Deering, James Thompson andTruman Davis, to enter the businessof feeding hogs on a pretentious scale.The company was oi-ganized early lastyear with a capital stock of $10,000,and rented Judge Dearing's farm of427 acres, near Valley Station, on theLouisville, Henderson & St. LouisRailroad Company's line. In Apriltho company began business with afew bogs, and now has approximately1,400 hogs from the State ExperimentStation at Lexington. These hogswere taken to the farm severalmonths ago, and are among the healthiest specimens of hogs obtainable.They are in charge of Dr. Graham,of the Experiment Station.According to the statistics whichhave been compiled, the hogs havegained approximately one pound eachday since they have been put on thoslop feed. It is figured that the totalcost of feeding the 1,400 hogs on theGlendear farm averages 1 cents perday. This includes interest on theinvestment, help hire and expenses ofall kinds.The company figures that each hogwill net $5 after a feeding process ofninety to 120 days, and that two or.hree crops can be raised on a singlefarm annually. The Glendear farmcan accommodate 10,000 hogs, andthere is sufficient slop available from.the Glenmore distillery, owned by Mr.Thompson, to feed twice that manyhogs. It is estimated there is enough-loo wasted annually to feed 100,000hogs.lhe company has built substantialhouses with waterproof roofs and enclosed on all except the southern side.The houses are provided with straw,a supply of which is contained in abam having a capacity of three carloads. The slop is fed to the hoes bvgravity though troughs. A large cotton oil tank has been placed near asiding leading from the main line ofthe Louisville, Henderson & St LouisItailroao" Company to the GlendearCompany's farm. The slop Is hauledfrom the Glenmore distillery at Owensboro in tank cars by the GlendearCompany.The tanks hold G.000 gallons eachand are emptied as needed into thetank at th siding. From this tankthe slop flows into open troughs andis distributed by gravity force to thefeeding troughs. Judge Dearing estimates that two men can feed 10,000 hogs. In addition to this, the hogsare fed alfalfa and sorghum, therebeing sufficient tillable land to growthe amount required for feeding purposes. All of the hogs on the farm havebeen inoculated with the serum whichlis prepared from the blood of hogsaaectea with cholera and treated byseme chemical process. About, tendays after the hogs have been inoculated with serum they are inoculated with the pure cholera blood fromhogs affected with the? disease.. Ifthey withstand this test they are considered to be immune.When the company first started operating they had some losses because of their failure1 to segregatesick hogs, but immediately they procured the services of Edward Poe, anexpert hog breeder from St Joseph,Mo., who keeps a close watch on theentire drove. The temperature ofeach hog is taken every two weeks,and whenever the temperature of ahog runs over 104 degrees it is placedin the hospital enclosure and treated. Losses are very small. In fact,illness is rare on the Glendear farm.It is estimated that hogs weighing100 pounds, if treated with the serumand fed on slop, will develop to. aweight Of 200 to 250 pounds within.100 to 150 da3s, making fully a pounda day.. There' is some difference of '.opinionas to" the quality .of fat produced bycorn and slop feed, but the general-V &:.i HIS NEW MEDICINE1 v SAV.ES.VQU MONEY1 We are druggists right here in yourtown and make a living but of the,drug- business, but it is because people have to have drugs and not be-cause va like to see people sufferIwe don't. Our duty is to render thebest. service we can, and when sqmej one is ailing, we are interested in see- -'ingthem take the best medicine there,is for their particular trouble. Wedon't mention "cue-alls', aswe don'tbelieve there are such things. Wedon't want you to spend more thanyou have to. Some of you get smallvages, and when you're sick, none atall, and you should get the most youcan for your money.' We recently came across m a newremedy for increasing strength andbuilding up people who are run downand emaciated. We know that aslight trouble grows into a seriousone, and to stoD it in the beginning,will save you money in the end.This new compound is called RexallOlive Oil Emulsion. It is the bestremedy when you are run-down, tiredout, nervous no matter- what thecause, it doesn't merely sumuuateyou and make you feel good for afew hours,. but takes hold of the weakness and builds you up to a healthy,normal condition. It is a real nervefood tonic and builder of good blood,strongmuscle, good digestion. It contains Hyposulphites, which tone thenerves, and pure Olive Oil, whichnourishes the nerves, the blood andthe entire system. Pleasant to take.Contains no alcohol or habit-formingdrugs. We promise that if you are.not perfectly satisfied with it, we'll?ive back your money as soon as youell us. Sold only at the 7,000 RexallStores, and in this town only by us?1.00 G. S. Vardcn & Son, Paris, Ky.(adv)HIS STOMACH TROI'SLES OVERMr. Dyspeptic, would you not liketo feel that your stomach troubleswere over, that you ould eat anykind of food you desired without injury? That may seem so unlikely toyou that you do not even hope for anending of your trouble, but permit usto. assure you that it is not altogetherimpossible. If others can be cur'edpermanently, and thousands havebeen, why not you? John R. Baker,of Battle Creek, Mich., is one of themHe says: "I was troubled with haartburn, indigestion, and liver complaint until I used Chamberlain's Tablets; then my trouble was over."Sold by all dealers. (ad?)(Jan)One aDnlication soothes and heals a rouchoinin'vskin.nnd.whenreDeated.quicklyeCcct!a cure. Eczema, Ery siuelas, Tetter, Ulcers andall skin diseases yield to its curative properties.SOc a o ox. At all urunzists.Ssad for freu s-arjple mj Ni. 'llctltli sai Besaty.'JCHfGTCM, KOJ.LOWAY& CO., -1730 Spring Cfcirdea .t., fhlla., Pa.?ffijSISr S u816OF.PIANO.!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTThe Rudolph arlitsor Co, - - - PltSVs. " Notice of SoleMrs. Boll Bishop Def nd'tUnder and by virtue of a judgmentof tho Sourhon Circuit Court rendered In the above-style.d action atltaKovember term, 1913, the undersignedMaster Commissioner will sell at public auction to the highest and beetbidder at tho Court House door in theCity of Paris, Ky., at about the hourof 11 o'clock, a. m., onMONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1914,the following propevty:"One .Forney Piano, Style 20, Mahogany finish, being No. 39014."Said sale will be made to satisfya judgment of the plaintiff againstMrs. Boll Bishop for the sum of $250.00, with interest thereon at the Tateof 6 per cent, from the 17th day ofOctober' 1911, subject to a credit of'$58.00 and the cqsts of this action,amounting 10 $" Said sale will be made upon thecredit of three months, the purchaserbeing required to execute bond forthe purchase price with good suretythereon, to be approved by the Master Commissioner, payable to saidCommissioner, and bearing interestat tho rate of 6 per cent, perannum annum from date of saleuntil paid, or the purchaser mayhave the privilege of paying cash, orto pay the purchase money 'bond atany time before maturity, and to remain a lien oh the property sold until fully paid, and to have the forceand effect of a judgment.C. A. IvIcMILLAN, . -MasterCommissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt. ;A. P. Thompson, Attorney,(jan 18-20-27)HBSpyfVtvDailyVCourier -.'ATv-t-n m" ' J : wE?"DURINGDECEMBERJANUARYFEBRUARYTD6 BOlM N6WSha$ made special arrangement whereby the DailyCourier-Journal can be furnished one year for$3.00, six months $1 .75, by mail (Sunday not included) to all patrons who will give their orders tous during the months named above. Better stillyou can have the Daily Courier-Journal and theBourbon News one year eachFor OnlyAfter February 28, 1914, the price of the Daily IJf9 m . ' 'ft "Courier-Journal alone is $6.00 a year. Take ad-;i vantage of this special Bargain Offer at once. andZ9 --; 5!" -REDUCE THE HIGH COST NF LIVING.28 To Get Advantage of This Cut RateS Orders JVf tist Be Sent Us, Notto the Courier-Journal.L. db N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVETrains A.rrrveNo. FROM ' , ' :'r -J34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily ;....'. v.S:iiimJ "134 Lexington, Ky., Daily .V.ifrlS'at?29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except -Sumda.y...- ' ..:35am.7 Mayaville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.....: 7:3Sa10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ......-. 7:4iaua40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. , . . . . 1:43 sa37 Cincinnati, O., Daily .,. i:Maxiv3 MaysTille, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . l:3fa12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 2t:liua .'38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3:24sm26 Lexington, Ky., Dally Bxtept Sunday ..." M: kl2S Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .-. , . 3:Si fm v9 MaysviUe, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:11 f& -138 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:33 Hfci'38 Knoxrille, Tenn., Daily ,.,..... 3:Stp.5 Maysville, Ky., Daily . 5:3ifm39 Cincinnati, O., Dally Except Sunday ...:.. 5:5im.8 Lexington, Ky., Daily 0:13 fm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily.w - ..... 6:23fia;31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:59 pmft, .Traiis IDepsirt vi-'$t- ,.No. TO -J;34 Cincinnati, O., Daily : 5:2Sam .4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ...1 ' ,..-. 5:38lMa7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 7; 7 an, '40 Cincinnati, O., Daily. Except Sunday 7:50aja1r10 MaysTille, Ky., Daily Except Stfnday 7:50 ua.;29 Lexington, Ky., Daily.... ....'. .-.:.:;'.:.:'. 9:43sm&37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily... D:4Sant-33 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily tf 10:2f am H133 Lexington, Ky., Daily . lt:27amG Maysville, Ky., Dailyk '. . . . s 13:t5pm2G Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:04 am.13 Lexington, Ky:, Daily Except Sunday. .-.1 .' . ". 3:38 pn35 Cincinnati, O., Daily , , 3:4iu9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday... ,- -...... 5:5$ p39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunaoy 5:53 fm32 Cincinnati, O., DaHy 6:3ipm8- Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . OcX b30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily" Except Sunday: .. : . im31 Lexington, Ky., Daily . 3t:aBp131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily.. ItTimW tSb O. TPI3MCE5-Trains rri-veNo. FROM - l . ,4182 Frantf or t, Ky., Daily Except Su4 - Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . -Trains Deeirt!No. ''''. TO, 1, FrankMort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday3 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . .FffiLOffiGeoEr$JjMii$iNew- -- 4.tuxJoumarmtfiHL$475jtOCT. 19, 1913?-nday , . t rw a,ir5:o0;pnS:30a&:25irMthtr, Prent.fatter lwy forst- thitf ft'. 1nttker's: birthday until sho bawl Wmot bout it after-IJreakfast. Tea'goes downtown aod scads her iwmm ascreen door or, the kitefewi or;"i'ber mat forihe bthrooaa i t-iw::; W'i i r -Jr m-- .ent. Cincinnati Eaquirer.m&J;'"--.li! i " ?'.:,:. -l L iTMnnnoeinn nrowallo Viaf f horp is ro. ' V.w. m & son,TI.CINCINNATI,r35 CI-iea6skI. Lexlitxton,Ht,"jYCf?f.VJfiV -;i;v4'"&if uaiioH. -ST,- . " K'ki Iit't "-""" ...iw.y w.u. v"-vj' " iV- xwwmZ?O. - ' (Jan.) : L. --i . Cadr.)?r-llysvery little difference. ,. . - ,. " -l ; .-"--,. m ,. :si -:-'- v, -jgm, r4 l -v, -?&$ .: -gr -. . .. ,Y,THE ftftttttBOM NeVS.PRfe,: KY.JANUARY 50, 1SH.-i-.v.-DIES OF WOUND3e SmitV the negro whoengaged. . itol dueb with Chief of Police1t.X3lMg. in Lexington on JanuaryiT,'wea DOtn were Tsuut, meu .u cueStowi Samaritan Hospital, in Lexingbk. at 12 -o'clock, Wednesday as a re..feiflt dt "his wounds.bOUNTRY HOMES INTWO COUNTIES"BURNED.'HWKBERLAIN'S 'COUGH REMEDY. "ai5s remedy has no superior for'ifrmn aad colds. It is pleasant toIt contains no opmm or otnersale by all dealers.4ak.atecotic.For.(adr)A large two-story country "home, belonging to John White, 'near Ewington, jive miles from Mt. Sterling, wasdestroyed by fire with its contents .onWednesday night. The olss willreach 5,000, partly covered by insurance. The home was one of the largest in the county.Fire originating in the kitchen destroyed the country residence of M. O.Flynn, near Carlisle, Tuesday nightwith all its contents. The loss is$2,500; insurance, 1,300.NICHOLAS COUNTY BOYSHELD FOR BURGLARY- w jIftPAN'S ATTITUDEw" -r- rI ! L KM Batumnu muiuuTHEATRICAL.JUOH KILLSMOVIEMAN IN AFRICA.An encounter with a lion caused 1; lEfefc teath near Nairobi, Africa, oflrSte Schindler, a member of anAmerican moving picture expeditionengaged in taking pictures of wild anIMls in their Jiatural surroundings inJ&5C&. Schindler, with others of thettiition was attempting to photo3grfe. a lion in the jungle When theaiiiTHil sprang on him."HAVE NORIGHT TOSUSPENDArlie Flora, a young man of Pleasant Valley, Nicholas county, washeld to the Nicholas county grandjury in the sum of 500 by CountyJudge James Mitchell on a charge ofburglary.Joe Tingle, a youth of PleasantValley, was recently convicted of robbing the office of B. G. Flora, postmas:ter and railroad agent at PleasantVailed and sentenced. Afterhis conviction Tingle made an affidavit accusing Flora. On his examiningtrial Flora's defense was an alibiPEBIESCONGBESSArms Being Supplied FromThat Source to HuertaGovernment.f)iSITUATION ASSUMESGRAVE IMPORTANCE.JUDGMENTSLEXINGTON SUES BURLEYSOCIETY FOR BACK TAXESTthe Court of Appeals has just af3imed the judgment of the Daviess3ctdt Court in the case of Albert'jBraibandt against the Commonwealth.-Appellant was indicted in 1911 forjgnead larceny, and upon trial was"tid-guilty of petty larceny andteiced to twelve months' confine-tteat in the county jail. He askedlor a. new trial, which was refusedby the lower court, and the motion'Was sustained by the Appellate Court.-His 3&il sentence was then suspendedt thirty days by the "Jailer. Theooort says the practice of suspendingpigments of courts in misdemeanorcases is a failure to enforce the law-&Ml encourages crimes and is a me-3rcce to good government.Through Delinquent Tax CollectorGeorge T. Gess, the city of Lexingtonhas filed suit in the Fayette CircuitCourt against the Burley Tobacco Society seeking to collect taxes on property valued at several hundred thousands for the tax years of 1911, 1912and 1913, the city alleging that thecompany had on hands for thoseyears a large amount of money in th'ebank, notes and tobacco in bulk hogsheads which were not assessed forcity and State taxation. The amountof back taxes claimed by the city andfor which suit is brought aggregates70,000.No Rupture "Likely; Washington Will Unravel Diplomatic Knots..LIVERY OUTFIT AT AUCTION.4.-HOT1CE "FROM HEALTH BOARD..sPfcysicians and heads of families !re respectfully referred to Section28t of the Kentucky Statntesvwhich-3Tides as follows:"Section 2060 Anypbysician or head of a family whoskill fail or refuse to report to the3cal Board of Health in, cases ofckbtera, smallpox, yellow fever, ecarTfe fever, diphtheria and other epidealc diseases as provided for in Sec"tioa 2055 of the act mentioned intk title of this act, shall be fined notlow than five dollars for each daybe neglects or refuses to report."XSection as amended by At of March3, 1884)"Please take due notice and governyourselves accordingly.A. H. KBLLER,City Health Officer.By order of Board of Health.Paris, Ky., Jan. 15, 1914.(IS jan-tf ) "Beginning at 10 o'clock a. m., Saturday, February 7, I will sell all mylivery outfit, consisting of buggies,carriages, wagons,' harness, horses,etc. Sale will fake place at thestable. Watch for display advertisement. ' 'D. W. PEED,(9-16-23-30) Paris, Ky.KENTUCKIAN'S .PATENTMUST SE TRIED OUTRepresentative J. C. Cantrill hasarranged for a preliminary test of amail-catching device that is patentedby S. O. Boulwar, a banker fromCampbellsburg. He learned from theSecond Assistant Postmaster Generalthat arrangements will have to bemade with an official of the Louisville& Nashville Railroad Company tocarry out the test on a branch of theroad for six months, under the supervision of the Post-office 'Department,to determine the practicability of anofficial test by the department.WASHINGTON, Jan. 29. Whilethere is no sentiment at the Nationalcapital in favor of precipiating a rupture of the friendly relations betweenthe United States and Japan, the irritation in Congress caused by thepress agent activities of the JapaneseEmbassy in this city last week wasintensified Wednesday by the- semiofficial confirmation of the reportwhich emanated from apparently authentic sources recently, that Japanhas been selling arms to the HuertaGovernment in Mexico. .From trustworthy Senatorial sourcescame the statement this afternoonthat these shipments of arms werein pursuance of a contract made bythe late President Madero at the timemc ibvuiuuuu wmcii cmminatea mhis disposition and assassination wasorganizing.In consequence of this revelationand of the festivities ordered by Gen.Huerta in honor of the officers of theJapanese battleship Idzumo in MexicoCity, the Mexican question begins toassume graver importance than whenit was being considered as an uncomplicated international problem.That Japan should inject herself into a situation which was sufficientlytroublesome of itself naturally hasserved to add to the resentment thathas been felt for some time over thecontinued pugnacious attitude of thatgovernment and of the repeated,though veiled, intimations that thedifferences between the two countriesmight have to be settled by otherman diplomatic means.The President and officials of theState Department reiterate that the'Japanese immigration question is sureto be adjusted by diplomacy and thatthe delay in its settlement involvesno ominous portent.Columbia Theatre Today.Mutual Weekly No. 49-Army vs.Navy An animated game at NeyYork Polo Grounds in which the soldiers win; Lord Kelvin Honored Astatuo in his memory is unveiled atthe University of Glasgow,' Scotland;Some Fancy Trap snooting -ruewrmriArfiil Tonnerweins give an interesting exhibition in Chicago; anda dozen others equally as interesting"A Spartan Girl of the "West" Thecattle are rustled by a neighbor, whoposes as a gentleman. Molly likeshim rather well, and when her suspicions are aroused, investigates on herOWn nOOK. One caicues umi warn iucgoods, but hides him from the Sheriff's posse and tells him to go awayand reform.Another funny Keystone film willbe shown.Tomorrow "The Sign of theSnake." Well arranged scenes andcareful photography characterize thisWestern subject. It has a story thatin full of interest. When some Chinese are captured by soldiers just asthey are being smuggled over theMexican line into this country, MoonChew is among them. She is aChristianised girl from a missionarystation. She falls in love with Lieutenant Hurd, who has charge of thecaptured Chinese. Foo Choo, a laundryman near the fort, tells a wealthyChinese in San Francisco of the capture of Moon Chew, who had beensold to him. Hurd is warned by notessigned with a snake to send MoonChew to the railroad station alone..One such note is in his laundry andleads to a raid. The wealthy Chinaman from SanFrancisco is captured.Meantime the lieutenant's fiance hascome to the fort for their wedding.Foo Choo steals toward them with adagger, as they are talking in a quietcorner of the grounds. Moon Chewsees him and throws herself betweenHurd and the dagger. The woundshe receives is fatal. Foo Choo isshot while trying to escane."What Might Have Been."A verywealthy broker is smitten with hispretty stenographer, only to lose herto a petty clerk in his own employwho had "looks". The broker plansthe couple's immediate discharge, andall manner of revenge, the folly ofwhich is summed up to him in a wondrous and enlightening dream.A comedy reel will be shown entitled "The Rube Boss."20 ID. Be Eastern sugar$r.ooWith a $3.00 PurchaseBaby Bunton Corn, 3 Cans ': . 25cTomatoes, per can .'.:. .i 1, 1 0cSuar Loaf Peas, per can . . . . . .' v- JVc and 20cStandard Peas, per can.-. .. .; .-.. ". 1 0cPork and'Beans, 2 cans f or.:. . . . .' .....:.v..15cEolled Oats, new stock, 3 packages. . .,-.-..... v. . .25cNew Dried Peaches 10 SktidL 12l-2cFancy Apricots; 2 lb. for .'.....L...35cFancy Sun Dried. Apples, per lb - ' Sc-LANCASTER FLOUR.25-lbSack $ .8048-lb Sack .:. i.6098-lb Sack .' 3.10Saye the difference by paying cash. SpecialPrices on quantity lots.T. G. LENIHAN.asn grocery.Both Phones 234- . .,44 t4si ClearanceNcwr Going OnJanuary jSale!LIVERY OUTFIT AT AUCTIONIV.IBK3IJSGAME LAW REVISIONTO 3E CONSIDEREDBeginning at 10 o'clock, a. m., Saturday, February 7, I will sell all mylivery outfit, consisting of buggies,carriages, -wagons, harness, boraes,etc. Sale will take place at thestable. ' Watch for display advertisement. D. W. PEED,(9-1G-23-30) Paris, KyKENTUCKIAN ASSAILS "SCARE"WASHINGTON, Jan. 29. Preparation of the United States for war and"the annual war scare" were assailedto-day by Representative Sherley ofKentucky, when he presented the fortifications bill to the House for general debate.Representative Sherley referredparticularly to Rear Admiral Vreeland's opinion given in the naval affairs committee yesterday to .the effect that the- United States was notin a position to defend the- Philippines. "I can assure the House that ourfortifications are in no such conditionof unpreparedness as to cause alarm,"said Representative Sherley.NEGRO CAUGHT HERE ISCONVICTED IN CLARK COURTBig Cut on AHWinter Goods-TTwin Bios.Bf Sie,Seventh and Main Sts Paris, Ky.rPrank Jefferson, colored, arrestedin this city several weeks ago byChief of Police Link, for the theft ofa watch from Walter Page, a whiteman, was convicted in the Clark Circuit Court and sentenced to five yearsin the penitentiary. Jefferson waspicked up on suspicion by the localofficer and the watch was fdund inhis possession.Sweet pdckle made 30 years agowas eaten. at a recent dinner m Ha-'gerstown, Sid., and found to be improved rather than impaired by age.A new portable electric lamp has arubber suction cup and adjustablereflector, and, with the 10 .feet ofcord provided, can be placed on asmooth surface in a place to suit theuser's convenience, the light beingturned in any desired direction.PUBLIC SALEAn open liearing in the revision ofthe game laws will be held at eighto'clock the evening of February 4, inFrankfort, at the Capital Hotel, bythe Joint Fish and Game Committeeof the General Assembly, and an effort is being made to secure a largeattendance of sportsmen, by the Statenxrm and "Fish Commission. E. Lester Jones, deputy supervisorUnited States Fisheries, andBrewster, Government gamewill be present.PUBLIC SALEOFof theC. E.expert,LIVERY OUTFIT AT AUCTIONBecinnimr at 10 o'clock a. m., Saturday, February 7, I will sell all mylivery outfit, consisting o buggies,carriages, wagons, harness, horses,Afn. Rale will take place at thestable. Watch .for display advertiseI ment.D. W. PEED,(9-16-23-30) Paris, Ky.-Gl-Stock, Crops, Farm Implements, and HouseholdGoods.Administrator's Notice!All .parties having claims againstthe estate ot Milton Woodard- ''willplease present same at once! for payment. All owing. tbe estate, will callat once and settle.(27-3wks)GEO. H.JOHNSpN,Administrator.The great kitchen of tho Bon ararche, in Paris, France, supposed to bethe world's largest, prepares food forthe 4,000 employes of the house.Kettles of 375 and 75 quarts are respectively the largest and the smallest.Livery Outfit, Horses,Buggies, Harness, Etc.PUBLIC SALE!Only a Day and Night to New Orleans ! ", : fWHAT IT WILL COST TO SEEiMQiNDAY,February 23,ARRIVAL OFREX.2 p. 3xi., andProteusJ ParadeAt XightMardi GrasThe Two Big Days, Feb. 23 and 24New Orleans$ 19,80Mobile$1 s.ooPehsacofa-20.30TUESDAY,February 24 "PARADE OFREX10 a. m., and. Comui ParadeAt Night; -okRound Trip Prom PrisTickets on Safe Daily February 1 7 to 23 Inclusive. .. Sleeping Car Tare S to $4.50 Each Way: sExtension Limit onlTickets to March 23The Approximate Total Cost For the Round Trip v -r ,.Estimate for iiv days board and lodging at $1.00 per day in best private homes, or $2700per day at good hotels, to which add the ,above railroad andJPullman fares, Apply to L.;&:X -.t ri. j: -i.ji:.i.fiA-.: tt j rr.i.u - . -t -Tt. A50HL lur fjrmrcu list u xxuuiiiiiii; 'Xiuustss aim nuittis.Having rented my farm (Woodlawn), iy2 miles from Paris on theLexington pike, I will offer at publicsale on the premises, onTHURSDAY, FEB. 51914,the following stock, crop, farm implements and household goods, etc., beginning at the hour of 10 o'clock, a.m::1 work mare, in foal to BrutusWheat's Clyesdale horse1 four-year-old bay driving mare, infoal to Burbridge's jack;' 1 brood mare;1 three-year-old roan filly &1 three-year-old wurkinule ;t six-year-old worfcimule; good one;1 four-year-old Jersey cow, fresh, extra good butter cow;1 three-year-old Jersey cow, freshin March;1 three-year-old Jersey cow, fresh;1 Jersey heifer, bred to LawrenceHorton's herd bull;1 registered Berkshire sow to farrow March 1;4 registered Berkshire gilts to farrow in March;About 100 chickens; some guineas;About 40 barrels corn, in crib;1 stack fine clover hay; -A lot of fodder;I Columbus buggy, leather top,rubber tired, good as new;1 top buggy, rubber tired;1 two-horse, low-down farm wagon;new bed; .1 disc harrow; 1 smoothing harrow;plows; '" Double trees;' single trees; $2 sets wagon harness, l" good asnew ; .tv ,1 McCormick mowing, machine;double trees; " Vl' corn sheller; sausage grinder;large kettle;2 grind stones; 2 refrigerators; lotof bee gums;Cook stove; .bedstead and springs;1 sideboard f 8-ft. .extension table;carpets, mattings; VOther things too- unmerbus to mention, i .TERMS Made, known dn day of-f sale. -kT - ?W. JV. ,IHINTON;Geo.. D.-'SpeakesKAuctiofneer.Having sold my farm, Pwill offer atpublic auction, at. 10. o'clock a. m.,WEDNESDAY, FEB. 11, 1914,at Castle Comfort Farm, on the Paris fand Georgetown pike, the followingDroperty:I 2-yr-old mule;l pair work mules; 31 yearling mule. this spring;1' driving horse;1 Walter A. Wood binder, nearly;new;1 McCormick binder 'in perfect cou-Havins: leased my livery stable inParis, Ky., for a term of five years, 'tobe used as a garage by the BoarbonGarage Co., I will sell at public auction, at the said stable, known a's the"Middle Stable." onSATURDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1914,beginning at 102o'cloek a. m., sharp,the following:1 pair aged bay horses;1 sorrel gelding, 7 years old;1 brown horse, 9 years old;1 light bay mare, 8 years old;1 brown horse, 7 years old;1 bay horse, 12 year3 old;1 bay combined horse, 7 years old .1 pair black geldings, carriage orhearse team; - ""'1 brown horse, 5 years old; "1 hay mare, 9 years old;1 black horse, 10 years old; .1 black mare, 5 years old; Vs,1 gray gelding, 15 yeare old;A 1 bay mare, 5 years old;'.1 bay mare, 9 years oltk1 bay gelding, 5 years old ;1 black mare, 5 yeara old;1 matched team., bays, weigh 1C00,nice carriage or RearsGteam;'16-seated pall-bearer Riddell coach,good as new, used only one year;2 rubber-tired Cunningham carriagesin first-class repair;2 farm wagons, with frames andbeds;10 buggies, all rubher-tired,-many ofthem brand new, some not hitched toone hal dozen times;1 depot wagon:1 surrey, good as new;1 4-seated trap;1 2-horse drummer'stop;- 1 1-horse drummer's -,wagon, withtop; in good repair;6 sets carriage harness, only usedI short time, good as new;1 set double light harness,- for car-wagon;with-scalding''4dition ;2 carriages;2 double sets harness;1 potato planter;1 sheep ''dipping, tank; hotrmiirh?6G sheep due to lamb about Mar. 10. i2 sows and pigs;20 s,hoats, about 90 pounds;2 sulky breaking , plows', new;3 disc harrows;double row cutaway harrow;smoothing harrows;Chattanooga -disc plow;trwjO-horse wagons; ,feed sled;iron roller; ' 7 ,steef tooth rake;bull rake; .X. haystacker;v 1 Rosa cutting box: -j"Some fine corn in crib;VFodder in shock;Chicken coops;nouier pifceuiib ,Garden plows; breaking- plows;Orchard heaters;drying tobacco;rmge;1 ont pintntf hnimnr16 sets buggy harness, all goedtf1 set brake cart harness;" .2 sets wagon harness; .1 cutting box; ". "3-horse electric motor;Lot of up-to-date buggy rugs andhorse blankets. -Carriage coats, halters, whips;Many other things pertaining to alivery outfit too numerous to mention.TERMS All amounts, under $50 cashin hand: amounts over 50 three months.note negotiable and payable at Depositj Bank, of Paris, Ky.'D. W. TEED,Paris, Ky.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(3jan);.t,"Public Sale!can "be- used, for !tocutTobacco sticks ; tier rails'1 sleigh;1 no-top buggy;" 1 corn' harvester, used only40 acres; fSome black locust fence posts;.3 Jersey cows, 1 fre'sh, others, will!be by sale; '1 Jersey bull;3-yr-old gelding by Taylor Simmons; fSeveral ponies, all mares in foalTAlso a consignment of thoroughbredmares, from Raceland Stock Farm, a'bargain. Don't miss them.Some household and kitchen furniture Many other things too numerous tomention. 'Free Burgoo for everybody. ,v TERMS Made known"': on day" ofsale: - ,F. PGeo. D.,C27-tf)Speakesr Auctioneer,CLAY.fiHStock, Crop, Household Furniture.Having decided to movethe undersigneuVtfill offer at publicLsaie, on'MOKDAYV-FEBRUARY, -9, 1914,on the Fithian farmrNrtE5cbndida,commencing at 10 a-.mni&ie. following: 14 lieadHsiTrtiik cows, about 7 fresli,other 7 wllt'l fresh about March 1;13 heifers, 2 bulls;Household irad Kitchen Furniture;1 buggy; 1 spring wagos;Milk cans and crocks, uit jars;'Other articles too nwMMHwis' ti mention. jSWARREN- AFTTWIAN,-- ' : Pwfto, K-(30i2t)'"i,?twJ-t.-ISi7,- -THE-BOURBON NEWS, PAAlS, CENTUCRY, , JANUARY 30, 1914'1".HAS THE EESTOF. ALL LINES MADECLOVERWefsave?highestgrade ov Ked 3Jover9Aiike Alf afif a arsdTimothy Seed at rightprices See us beforeplacing your order,Chas.S. Brent Sc Bro.30-tf , Phones 1 4.pbRE JERSEY MILK.Phone your orders to R. P. Collierfor pure Jersey milk. Four cents perpint. Cumberland phone 540, Homephone 79.ItMISSIONARY SOCIETY TOHOLD ALL-DAY SALE4The recently organized Junior Auxiliary to the Foreign and, Home Missionary Society, of the Methodistchurch v.to eat at Jtfrs,Saturday.SOCIAL AND F EHSQNALMr. Ford Brent was a visitor inLexington Tuesday.Miss Mattie Lilleston is visitingfriends in Richmond.Mr. P. J. Millet is here from Knoxville, Tenn., for a short, stay.Mr. Jas. B. Wilson, of Cincinnati,was a visitor in Paris. Wednesday,Mr. and Mrs., Everett Peterson, ofCynthiana, were visitors in t'aris yesterday.Mr. FiedLancaster toweeks.Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W. Davis left.i yesterday for Florida to SDend several weeks.Miss Minnie Goddard, of Harrodsburg, is the guest of Miss - CatherineThompson. xMiss Minnie-Fox, of Big Stone .Gap, Va., is here for a visit to Miss'(Lucy Simms. 'Mr. J. T. Gillespie, of Gary, Okla.,is visitiftg Mr. J. Elmer Boardman,near Little Rock.Mr. William Whaley returned yesterday morning after a business tripIButtehlon hasremain forgone toseveralThe Peoples' Building& Loan Association Tjegins business March 1. Subscribe for. stock with W. T. Bryan atrthe Peoples Bank. f27-tnPARrS HIGH SCHOOL TOPLAY LEXINGTONprill have a sale of good things 5 of several days m the South,t Mrs. Baird's millinery store i Rev. and Mrs. W. B. BlliHOT ROLLS.Try clernoon.(27-2t)r hot rolls. Baked every af33Iivered any where.II. 2. QROSGKE.-LOCAL WEN ACCEPT HARLEY-DAVIDSON CYCLE AGENCYEllis werein Cynthiana yesteraay to attend thefuneral of Mrs. Ellen Cleveland.Miss Margaret Elder has returnedto her home in Covington, after avisit to Mrs. Lawrence Dickerson, inthis city. 'Mrs. William M. Shobe, who hasbeen the guest of her mother, Mrs. J.H. Butler, in this city, has returned toher home in Salem, N. J.Mr. Mitchell Jackson and Dr. HarryMathers have accepted the agency forParis and Bourbon county of the Har-Je&D-tvidsonMotorcycle Co. TheyHave received from the manufacturersone of the latest models, which is ondisplay in the show window of Daughejty Bros., at the earner g Main andFifth streets.SPECIAL ON GAS HEATERS.. Special prices on Gas Heaters.'per cent off on all large Heaters.(20-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO,zoFRESH FISH.. Fresh fish received fresh for todayand tomorrow. Phone us your orderearl3r.(30-lt JOHN' SAUER.BOURBON MEN FIGHT 'OVER HORSE TRADEMiss Sarah Thompson is at homefrom the Kentucky College for Women, at Danville, to spend the weekend with her parents, Mr.and Mrs.I. D. Thompson.Mr. and Mrs. Orie Lebus. Mr. andMrs. Lebus, Jr., Mrs. James Dedman,Miss Blanche 'Robinson ancCMrs. F. P.Clary, of Cynthiana, ' were visitors inParis Wednesday.1 Mr. and Mrs. George Wilder andson, Master Ussery Wilder, will leaveTuesday for Palm Beach, and Miami,Florida, for a month g stay. On theirreturn trip they will visit in New Orleans. Mrs. D. M. Ball ,of Versailles whohas been seriously ill for some timewith pneumonia has sufficiently re-covered to be able to sit up. She isthe mother of Mrs. Charlton Alexander of this city.Mr. and Mrs. George Alexanderand Miss Kate Alexander, of this city,were guests Wednesday evening ofMr. Clarence Lebus, in Lexington, atIn an altercation on Pike street, inCynthiana, Monday, Samuel Berry, aMr. Ben Spears, who on last Saturday morning discovered the fire in theColumbia theatre, and whose promptaction in turning in the alarm savedthe entire building, which is ownedby the Odd Fellows, from destruction,i has received a very substantial srifbtending a dinner at "Hinata," and the j iroin the local lodge as a reward forperformanceess.1 Dr. andB. F.-REMINGTON'S1ADMINISTRATORwCounty Judge C. A. McMillan, yesterday aptr&inted Frank Remingtonadministrator of the estate of the late5B. F. Remington. He qualified withF. P. Kiser as surety. '" CtCtflNG MAIN IS HELD NEAR 'NAMED; CLARK COUNTY CAPITAL...'ARE YOU PAYING RENT?TEAM.The girls basket ball team of theParis High School will go to Lexington to-morrow night where they willmeet the girls of. theCatholic gymnasium.OWN A HOME.The Peoples Building & Loan Association begins business March 1. Subscribe for stock with W. T. Bryan atthe Peoples Bank. (27-tf )SOUTH END DERAILMENTDELAYS THROUGH SERVICE.All northbound passenger trainswere delayed several hours Wednesday evening on account of a smallwreck near Livingston, in which several cars were derailed. Passengercrains Nos. 38 and 32 were laid outseveral hours as a result. ' 'PURE JERSEY MILK.Phone your orders to R. F. Collierfor pure Jersey milk. -Four cents perpint. Cumberland phoue 540, Homeplione 7&. itCAUSE OF FIRE-KNOWN.There is always more or less danger from a coal oil lamp- , usually"more." No need to risk the homeand lives of loved ones when electricity is so ' cheap. If your home orplace of business isn't wired, see theElectric Company today. Tungstenlamps reduced on February l.(30-lt)NIGHTWATCHMAN RECEIVES ASUBSTANTIAL GIFT FROM LODGEof "The Madcap Duch-Mrs. William Kenneyfo nnr rwf RmtT-Vinn nmi rv. VJ3K KtrilftlC , ' ..over tie head by Russell Brown, of ! ft ajgw yesterday on0 co mo -Antv onri cpvprpi st.it.filifts j acc?unt. of the illness of Mrs. Ken-LW UU1UU 1U41UIJ , I.. w -- .. ..-, ,were necessary to close Berry swounds. The trouble between the.two men is alleged to have beencaused by a horse trade.his services. By the strict attentionto his duties, Mr. Spears has saved aTonsiderable amount of property fromdestruction, when he discovered theblaze before much headway had beengained.INVITATION TO FARMERSFOR SALELarge Coal Heating Stove, $45; now?32.00(20-tf) A. F. WHEELER & COGIVEN FINEFOR $20.50FOR DRUNKENNESS.John English, a well-known character, was in police court Wednesday,afternoon on a Charge of drunkennessand after declining to permit JudgeJanuary to try the case, a jury wassummoned and assessed a fine of $20-ney's sister, Mrs. Lmdsay Lewis, ofW)oodford county. JRIrs. Lewis underwent an operation yesterday at the St.Joseph Hospital. The operation wasperformed bv Dr. Taro?av.The Par?s Litwirv Pinh hnri u T W especially invite the farmers ofI uie jrar.s jueiary v,iud Had its Bourbon countv to make onr hinvliterary program on "Norway" at its S2 , S2 ? .?Jr? Jia3?meeting Wednesday afternoon, which SX SZ. -" '"-ra.s ji5 fnllrm-Q. "TKoon j!"""u -,-. w xiicco ;vu, A:r7. t "I JT0,;,,"U friends here with then xvumui., .iitj i-nuni jLrtiiesion;, "Ibsenites and Ibsenism," Mrs. Ed' ward Prichard: "Hedda Gabler,"f cloyiB' " (23-tf) PEOPLES BANK. -The Parliameiuarv Clul) helrl, the second of a series cf social meetings for new members at the clubrooms Wednesday afternoon.meeting was led by Mrs. J. D. Buruaugh. At the conclusion of the les-MrsOne of the largest, cocking mainsheld in this section of the' State is3aid to have been pulled off Wedneslay night near Winchester which, wasparticipated inf by chickens from allover Central Kentucky and many river towns of Kentucky and Ohio werealso represented. The seance continued through the night until dawnyesterday morning. Mavsville chickens are said to have carried off all ofcthe laurels and the sports from thiscity realized handsomely from theplay. Bourbon chickens, it is said,were strongly backed, but were defeated in almost every match.AFALLS WHILE AT PLAY ANDSUFFE.RS A BROKEN WRIST.jEdwin Taylor, son of Mr. and Mrs.George Taylor,- while playing with anumber of companions in the yard atthe public school Tuesday afternoon,tell and broke his left wrist.A FIRST-CLASS ENTERTAINMENT.DonViiliss seeing "Fi Fi" of theToyshop rat tire yParis Grand Fridaynight. , Tickets on sale Tuesday.Prices" 251 50 and 75 cents. Itiy I fLjfMji jyjjbT'-i. m " -jggggg-BggjiBig Redactions9-...OlN"?,: Winter Gtoods tr:iNEWSPRING GOODSARRIVING DAILYW- Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry. Goods Store.Victor-Victrolacompletes the family circleEvery one is on hand in theevening" to enjoy the music oftke Victor-Victrola.This wonderful instrumentmakes home attractive for thechildren and livens up theentire household.No home need 6e without aVictor-Victrola there's one at aprice to suit every purse. $15 to$21)0. Come in and hear theVictor-Victrola, and let us explainour easy-payment plan.DaughertyjWe KeepiU (inoKixr TUIim maiuj up;We sell what Is good, and ask you to.buy our shoes because they are good.It isn't price that sells our shoes, forshoes can be made to sell at any price.XT T -1 T-mess, ivierit, worm ana- Value That Sell ThemThe same applies to our Children's Shoes.Children are hard on shores, but most ofthe trouble Sies in poor shoes and poorshoe making. Our shoes are good, andare made by the best of shoe makers.Give us a call and be convinced.nUVIcWilliams,Nassurance thatyou are, at all times, welcome to useour rooms for the transaction of yourbusiness. vi "fhei Notice of Business Change.i nn 1 VJECO.Dl0S i I phones 301 The Shoe Man Kj "son Airs. R. B. Hutchcraft served teaand wafers. She was assisted bv i50 against the accused. English on ; her sister, Miss Ashbrook, of Cynthi- jseveral occasions lias been before the jana and Miss Mar Fithian Hutch-court on the same charge, but m each cratt.case was acquitted by a jury.SPECIAL SALE' ON COAL RANGES.Special Sale on Coal Ranges thismonth. See them!(20-tf) A. F. "WHEELER & CO.J?. F. CLPNDENIN PROMOTEDTO DISTRICT MANAGER University,-The' Progressive . Culture Clubmet Wednesday afternoon at its parlors in the Elks', building, and the following program was rendered: "Historical .Boston," Mrs. Amos Turney;"Literary Boston," Mrs. Roy Clendenin; "Wliittier," Miss Clara BelleO'Neal, At the next meeting of theclub Mr. Shearin. . of TransylvaniaLexington, will give aThe undersigned having disposed oftheir 'interest in the Bourbon Lumberj Company, they are not now in anyi manner intei ested. in the business.The affairs of the company prior toJanuary L. 1914, will be wound up byMr. Jas. Ri Stivers, the new firm having taken over the business on thatdate.Respectfully,MARY K. TARRJAMES R. STIVERS.(30-lt)HOGS TO BElecture entieled "Melodies , and Men-Mr. Roy Clendenin, who has been a ories of the Wilderness Road," andspecial agent for the Northwestern jthe members and their guests are anMutual Life Insurance Company, df I ticip-ating a delightful-meeting.Milwaukee, has been promoted to theposition of district, manager for his j -company, his territory to includeBourbon, Harrison, Scott and "Masoncounties. Mr. Clendenin's appointment comes through the general.agency of II. LLouisville, btate represntauves oi tensive scale. The scene of .these ex-the Northwestern. i periments is West Point, Ky. Ex-Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph Davis have , Derts rrom the Agricultural Exnwi-ment Station at Lexington are figuring with the Henderson Route forFED 0NN ,DISTILLERY SLOPWANTED.Fiist-class butcher cattle and I103P. M. HELLER,Phones 39.- ' Sixth and Main,s.The State is nrenarins: to-i? f T "tt rrTXrm r i . -.iiiM. y. j. -wlUu.u, v,i , experiments in nog lceaing on anconductex-moved to their new bungalow on East'Eighth street, which has just beencompleted.MMEI HOUSEFRESH STRAWBERRIES.hauling the slops fh tanks and are negotiating with Henderson distillersfor slop.MWe are leceiving them every day.C. P. COOK & CO.POLICE SIGNAL LIGHTINSTALLED BY CUMBERLANDSth anci MainNO CREDIT,NO DELIVERY,MISSIONARY SOCIETY TO'HOLD ALL-DAY MEETING!-The Woman's Missionary Society ofthe Methodist church will hold an allday meeting at the church on Thursday, Feb. 5.The city officials have had installed in front of the central exchange ofthe Cumberland Telephone Company,in this city, an electnc light signalfor the use of the company in callingthe policemen on duty at nighty Thelight is identical Avith that which has !been m use at tne omce 01 tne uomei., .Mrs. J. E. GrubbS, Conference PreS-j Tplanhnno nnmnnnv frr RPvnrnl nre'4ident of Woman's Missionary Society J and has besn installed for the benefit 1of Kentucky, will be present and naval of the public as well as for the coive-Scharge of the program. Mrs. O. B.Crockett, of Nicholasville, the Conference Second Vice-President, v,ill alsobe present, and take part in the meeting. 'The officers of "the two local societies which have recently been elected, will be installed some time duringthe meeting.Al Methodists and friends of Parisand Bourbon count who are interested in missionary work are cordially invited to be present.BOY WANTED,AEfioaest and ..industrious boy wantedto help in storje. None,, other needapply.mence or the members 01 tne. policeforce who are doing duty at nignt.It is only necessary tor the subscribers of the company who may deithe services of a policeman to call thcentral office, when the operator wilflash a red light arranged in the cen-ter of the street and of a sufficient elevation 4.0 be seen frorri the farthest!end of Main street. It is planned tohave the light now in use at the Hemenffinr nlnnpri in the r.fnt.Fr of the streetso that it may be more easily discerned by the patrolmen. The cityofficials are. of the opinion that thelights so arranged before each, officewill improve 'the efficiency of the police daprtment, and Nvill enable themto aasrwer calls more promptly thanIV 1 AK&SM;; NO PHONES.1; -Special Fowa FewDays :VOGLE'S LARD3 lb. Bucket 42c5 lb. Bucket 70c101b. Bucket $1.40,tSPECIALKITCHEN CABINETSSPECIAL PRICES-r-SPEOAL CABINETS, wrJ. Heller& Co. - ."4JlLook Belowat theDifferentMakes.There areTooNmanyCabinets toQuote PricesSeparately.Come mand See ForYourself. .- - I 4IUL :' . aWxml i ? 7,r Jf rFIDuring this,Sale YouCan SaveGood, xHard Dollarsand at theSame Time!Get theBestKittenCabinetsMade.- Sale "Commences MondayLasts One WeekYou Catn Pick from these Makes:I Mnnnr.Ai i n appaimff - JAP - BETSY - lM.There will be more to select fnom thejf irstl'day Jrt!ttMi!!llrtsecond, so come the firt day. XV& guarantee you -&&substantial savings. ' No4econd-hayrijc sroods. ,JVMl M TON. SViod MantelsSAVES f.OU MONEY,''XUndertaking;Anibllpncei .9,-'mam, mmX4f(27lt)fKH. J. QROSCHE. 1 keratoma..ftit"M-IKV7 . VMMMUlMtalZMffmrmmmrtmJob PrintingWORK DONE .WHEN PROMISEDGood Work bone Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!-'&fXTZSRitesit.fcs?!SSTRE ,J9B RBOffiS 0FTHEBRBNNews'.. -rAxe prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS .'LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fad, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Anboaacensents, InvftaUons,gives prompt zitention.49-t&J-Let us figure with you on xon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themi-work.-' Our type fc is , new; ' and,, modemfaces.r.t"J ryjmA III AeACbe Bourbon nw$,. 104 Issues a Year for$2.90. "Advertising rates reasonable and thadeknown on application. '-CftttUMMttl?V HOG CHOLERA IS .V.in.3 combated;3iiINGl'ON, D. C, Jan. 29.b .Department or Agriculture, dur-t- p5t yem, ha been conductcampaigns in Indiana, Missouri,nu Xi braska io control the conu 't :ct.3e o hogs kuown atiO cholera" by means' of anti-hobera seiam and farm quarantinesone count' (Pettis County, Mis-w hei s a loss of 13cent in 1911, and 25.6 per cent."912 of all hogs raised, there wasiy a loss of 14 7 per cent, up to No-Tiber, 1913. This decrease was duethe use of the serum, vhich, al-ough not used there by the Depart-nt's agents until August, 1913, ma--iaily reduced the loss. About 60,-0 hcs were raised during the pastar and of the 10,000 that died ofe hog cholera only about 1,000 weret after the active use of serum and-arantine measures were inaugurat-In every county where these mea'sres were employed, even though beun after the disease Had continueds ravages for some time, there wasss loss from hog cholera , than inither of the two preceding years.In addition to its great function aspreventative, it has been found thathe anti-hog cholera serum would curev large portion of hogs in the earlystages of the disease and render them"mmune after recovery. However, if"logs are not treated by this serum,from 75 to 100 per cent, of all affectedheds die. This serum, so far as is-nown, is the only thing that will prevent the disease.Of hogs actually sick when treated,he Department's inspectors lost but5 per cent, during the past summer.Of well hogs in diseased herds, 2.8 per"ent. died after being treated and ofhogs in exposed lands less than 1 percent, died after being inoculated withthe serum. In an infected herd thereis always a certain proportion of hogsthat are well.T3ie inspector examines the hogswhen he arrives, takes the temperature of all hogs in the herd and separate's the sick from the well. Thetemperature is an indication of thesickness. The temperature of a sickhog, unless the hog i3 near death,will run above 140 degrees and sometimes as high as 107 or 108 degressP.Some States are engaged in themanufacture of serum, to cure this disease. This serum requires specialtreatment to preserve its quality anda qualified man to produce it. Sufficient serum to treat an average hundred-poundhog costs about thirtycents at a liberal estimate. The treatment is be hypodermic injection.The Department in initiating itscampaign against the devastating hogdisease has only been able to commence in a few of the districts wherethe cholera was the most widespreadand where the active co-operation ofthe State was offered in enforcingordinary quarantine measures, etcThe object of the Department hasbeen to endeavor to control the disease and if possible, to eliminate itfrom the country. To secure this endthe best efforts of the farmer himselfare necessary. The campaign againstthis devastating sicimess during 1913was planned in the territory selectedalong three lines. .1. The education and organizationof the farmers m me cusu-wia ac-llected, to be carrieu out puman jthe State College.2. The enforcement ot sanitationand restrictive regulations by theState veterinarian.3. Active supervision' by the Bureau of Animal Industry of the Department and the inoculation of diseased herds and exposed herds withthe anti-hog cholera serum.A county in each State was. selected as a unit and -.tie method ofwork in that county was, briefly, forthe State College to secure the co-operationof intelligent, active farmersin each township in the county. Thesemen were called volunteer assistantsand they were to keep in close communication with the Department's inspector stationed in that area, keeping him informed of conditions andRP.nnrini statistics concerning the hogindustry. In thos manner conditions)wers pretty well learned in the territory under inspection. When an outhrr!ik of hoc cholera was reported theDepartment's inspector went to thatoutbreak and saveu an me nogs uecould by treatment with serum. Asthe disease is very easily transmitted,he then protected all herds in the immediate vicinity by inoculation. Theidea was to form a zone of immuneanimals around the infected center.Hog cholera is caused by a germthat exists in the blood. It is an or-' ganism apparently soysmall that thejmost powerful microscopes do notonstrate its presence by inoculatinga small part of the blood from a sickhog, into a well one, which producesthe hog cholera.Hog cholera is a disease whichseems to be stopped to a degree bythe frosts of winter, altough frost cannot -be said to stop a case after it 4has; taken hola of its victim. However, it seems to prevent the rapidspread of the disease. The result isthat in spring time the affection isas a rule, at the lowest ebb, but in-Jcreases rapidly from that time until,fall. yHog cholera does not seem to af-,feet any particular'breed. of hogs morethan, another, and while .generallythe carelss farmer is more apt tohave the disease among his hogs thanthe careful one , the disease sometimes occurs where the conditions aresanitary. It is hoped thal'thfe workmay be extended gradually until thedisease is completefy 'controlled oreliminated. The fact that hog cholera,is carried not only by the .hoars them-j selves, but by ' birds., dogs, streamsand even on the feet of men goine:from one farm to another shows how(necessary it is that the campaign bepthorough and that farmers exert their,best efforts to assfst m the work. 1An apple filled, with cloves was a'common object in manKhouses a gen-eration or so ago. .man1 in Atchi-son, Kansas, claims a specimen thatTHFATRiCAL7--1 idS5rmi!&VMw1v-Nervous? fjMrs. Walter Vincento! Pleasant Hill, N. C,writes: 'For three summers. I suffered fromnervousness, dreadfulpains in my back andsides, and weak sinkingspells. Three bottles ofCarduf, the woman'stonic, relieved me entirety. I feel like anotherperson, now."TAKEI CarduiThe Woman's TonicJoseph and His Brethren"The third df the Century Theatreramatic spectacles, "Joseph and Hisbrethren " will come to the Grandpera House, Cincinnati, for the weekeginning Monday, Feb. 2. In someespects it is built on a larger scalehan either of its prdecessors,for it'ms thirteen scenes, where "The Gar-"en of Allah" and "The Daughter of'"leaven" had only eight. There are"lore than two hundred people in theiroduction and more than sixty-.peaking parts. Its success has beenphenomenal."Joseph and His Brethren" is a vializedversion of the story in theook of Genesis, written for" the stagev Louis N. Parker. Mr. Parker isknown chiefly in America for his"Disraeli" and "Pomander Walk,"sut in England he is known as theauthor' of many other successes, including "Drake," the hit of the lastLondon season. "Drake" was given aspectacular uroduction at His Majesty's Theatre by I3lr Herbert Beerbohm Tree, who has also produced"Joseph" there this season.To present "Josepn and His Brethren" the Liebler Company has selected a cast of unusual ability.Brandon Tynan, who has been a starin his own plays, and leading man forNazimova, will plav the role of "Toseeph." James O'Neill, of "MonteCristo" fame, will have the part ofJacob, the patriarch, and in the thirdact will play Pharaoh. Pauline Fredericks, pronounced yy artist Harrison Fisher the most beautiful womanin America, and numerous other players of reputation will be seen in thecast, while the heads of all technicaldepartments of the Liebler Companywho worked out ana produced the socalled "effects" in the play, will accompany the big production to insureits smooth production in Cincinnati.The four acts of 'JosoDh and HisTl-.jt.u l til 1 1 urn.E : Vr n , m, m ae Standpat organs describe Woodrow2oat,.f,nSanGolors,; Tile.XemDa-! Wilson's attitude toward the trusts,Hon," 'The Dreams," and "The De- as thus far divulged, as "conciliahverer." Tho scenes will be rpsnor.t- tnrv -wnnrirnw sh, rarr0wS 'PSE at the Trojans said kindly things'" rr -"v"-"ki"; "r'"?. v", " about tnat wooden horse thatrue nouse or fonpinar, f onpnar s (GreeksGarden," "Zueila's Room," "Tn the gatextuutit? oi jruiipnur. in me rrison,"Tn Pharaohs Palace," "Jacob'sTent," "The Entrance to Joseph'sHouse," "The Pyramids," and "InJoseph's House."The seat sale ooened yesterday.f Qakklr mMtm HbesmUkm, BtMnaim - "J- u.kMMiA iiAiiaiha m.allMiaa. Yoht aom-r back if it faita lIters aT ftcb ia ut Dart of the bearfilteea mlBBte time.Jfrlcm SOe, jt ji.ll DruggistsFree uafJi aaA oirealar mt oa zeqaMt.BOUftlON REMEDY COMPANY.342 Ea Mai St., LraiitftM, Ky.flew Barber SiopWindsor Hoteh.t-ftfodern Equipment.Polite Service.'" Ererythiug Sanitary.CQsildren'a Work a Specialty.For over 50 years,Cardui has been helpingto relieve women's unnecessary pains andbuilding weak women uplo health and strength.It will do the same foryou, if given a fair trial.So, don't wait, but begintaking Cardui-today, forits .use cannot harm you, -andshould surely do youSWll crnnii XSTi&fcfe&4i'X&CARL CRAWFORDtt: INSURANCE' AGAIXSTI r.RC, WINDt andt LIGHTNING IW. 0. MNT0N,AGENT. i ,For Old. Strong, Reliable,Proinpt-Pajing Companies, seeme.-4M-.vplaced before Troy'sYes.As for language reforms,' wetheimainwfa&v-alsonally are of the opinionMail orders with remittances will be, aretoo many commas in the Englishnun-' m ine oraer receivea. languajre. Chicaejo News.(o)'oX.) Ithlt thpeere' Special ijates Excursions. 'JilwVHBHmnaaBrdi firasEON EROEIG-r EESTIVITIandFebruary 1934g 1914LW BOUND TRIP FAKES ' .Tickets on Sale February 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22 and 23;Return Limit to reach original starting point not later than March 6- with extension of limit to March 23, 1914, on payment of SI.OO.ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.Foe details call on any Ticket Agent, Queen & Crcsccat Route, or oprfy toH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Acent. 101 E. Main Street, Lexington, Ky.wmmmmwMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmRomnd trip Winter Tourists to aHI principal -winter resorts in Alabama,I Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Missis- -sippi,South Carolina and Havana,.Cuba, on sale daily Oct. 1, 1013, until jApril 30, 1914, with final limit May 31,1914; also to principal winter resortsin Te?as and Now Mexico, on saledaily Nov. 1, 1913, to April CO, 1914,with final limit May 31, 1314. Liberalstopovers allowed on all winter tourist tickets. Also low round trijtHomeseekers tickets to points in Alabma, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi,,on sale first and third Tuesdays ieeach month, final limit 25 days froro -dateof sale. Stop-overs allowed jit 'Homc3eekepsx territory! For furtheriaformatioh call on or addressW. H HARRIS, Agent.T. K. SMITH, T. A.When Your Blood is RiVn Your Whole System is Right.-- . v1SIf Vou Have any Blood or Skin Diseases DO P40T DELAY, tUntil it is too late, but order,TO-DAY!:iThe Hot Springs He m e.S' A Complete and Positive Remedy ForSYPHILIS, ECZEMA, ERYSIPELAS,ACNE, MALARIA, RHEUMATISM tand all other forms of Blood and Skin Diseases. tHot Springs Physicians pronounce this the Greatest Blood and Skin Remedy ever placed J- on the Market. 1t:Pull Course Treatment Six Bottles, $ 1 S00.Single Bottle $5.00.We Prepare; a Remedy For Every Disease iOur Treatment or Female lib is the Greatest oi its IKind pvr Offered to Suffering Women.Write us your troubles. All correspondence stricily confidential.Hot Springs Medical' L-a-m. - r. m. j S-V?.):iuiiiijcuiyz"9 .'ilias been preserved since fl.872.803 1-2 Central Avenue: H6"?' ?' ;'iV wV V:'- ?? Vf "fIV"- irftv- v 1-rA-.'v -i4) vr ''it i -j1 -JL-.w-f.yrtt hourhois mlws. paRis, keptucky, January so. h4VIRushed the OrderA TRAVELING Salesman, while invNashville, Term., took a large order,l promising .delivery in ten days. Itv ; would take two days for .the order to reachthe Home Office by mail. It took himonly a few minutes to telephone the orderfrom a pay station ofsystem.Time saved by telephoning orders voften means fulfillment of contract.When you telephone smileCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyINCORPORATED.122 SOUTH PRYOR STREET, ATLANTA, GEORGIA.KENTUCKY TRACTION. & TERMINAL COMPANY.Intsrurban Schedule.Cleave LexingtonFor ParisC90 a m7:2$ a mS:00 a ra$50 a m10:20 a m11: 5o a m1:20 p in. 5:20 p m" 3:S0 p mLTeave Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a mS:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a mft 11:15 a m9 12:45 p m2:15, p m8:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:45 p m8:15 m10:65 p n-J 4:21 p my 6:00 p m7:28 p m):10 p mJL1:G p siDaily except Sunday.!$ BUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop.Three Expert Artists; NoWaits.- Hot and CoIdBaths.-$ aln 't. - Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.K'H'iA U-l .OCn' aMFt I "'tke Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesKotfaintF i; more imnortaat ta aaomo than clear, steady light. laseaethis by Retting the oil that bunsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the l.i& drop. Pennsylvaste.crude oil refined to perfectioa.Conta no more than the laferfortankwacon oils eaves MONEY KireaWORK paTee eTea.Yokt dealer has SOLITB OIL abarrela direct f rora our works.Cfias. C. Stoi! Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Ecfinery at Warren, Pa,We sell tbe celebrated ,I?oC!Irb,,Auto OH.PILES! PILES! PILES!WDLUAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMEr"Will -eare Blind, Blrcdin and Itphlag PA a-asorfee tae tnrsors, allays ltchisg a aaete as a poultice, give iaatant relief. -Tarsale Vy all druggists, mail 5Sc and 81tWUAM8ltFe.CG., Props.,aevelacd,(Mt Obrerfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.Gurtis&OverbyBmiriess Men's Barber Shop,(Nxt to Bourbon Bank) ;3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHk and Cold Baths atx AI Hours f"? No Long Waks.A Skare of the public Palthe Bell TelephoneIs MSk. PiCANCER CUREDJ I guarantee every case I un-dertake; 20 years practice; refv erence, any citizen of Parts. 'DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.$4vcus, tired, worried or despondent it issure sign yoa need MOTTS NERVERIKPILLS. They renew the normal vigor armake life worth living. Be sure and ask iMott's Nerverme Fills ftTnS.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland. OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist. Paris, Hf...Foi satuidayla's Pies.es,iChocolate,Maraschino,VanHIaCarame..nFbf Saturday.t-4(cBaldwinBros.,Paris KentuckyGas5 irittmPlumbingandElecri-cal Work in AllTheir Branches iStoves, Rangesstrsd Appliances.oi! Spicer &Gilchrist,Elks' BuildingE.E. Phone, 103Home Phone, 1j014aa4Wedding ceremonies differ in diforent -countries, fiat they are allwrlttea aronftd tJ sase oM ale.. , 'GuGaJL aMONSTER ',oKFORMER 'DAYS ". EXHUMED FROM, GRAVE.,(Los Angeles Times)The Board of. Supervisors has beenasked by the Los Angeles CountyMuseum of History, Science and Artfor $19 worth of wheelbarrows totransfer the bones of the only imperial elephant ever recovered fromthe Pleistocene period, out of La Breaoil pits, the "deathtrap of all ages."Incidentally the Los Angeles Timesreports that these hand tractors willalso help to convey the oldest woodtree fei the world out of the same tarbeds.In speaking of thi3 tree, DirectorFrank E. Daggart, of the museum,calls attention' to the fact that thereare numerous specimens of fossiltrees now petrified and that mighurpass by a few thousand years theage of the 200,000-year-old cypress,just uncovered, the wood of whichcould be used in making furniture or;or other useful articles.But for his need of wheelbarrowsit might have been weeks or monthsbefore Director Daggett would havemade public his great find, waitingsuch a time as would permit the assembling of the parts and the reconstruction of the elephant and the complete mounting of the tree. As it is,the secret he has been treasuring isout because o his perfunctory letterof requisition.At Athens-on-the-Hill about sixmonths ago, a thgh bone of an imperial elephant was discovered, in perfect fossilized condition. Further ex.cavations in the neighborhood failedto reveal additional portions of themonster's anatomy. In other parts ofthe world fragmentary parts of animmense animal have been discovered, but the entire skeleton, has neverbefore been found.When workmen in La Brea pitsseveral weeks ago uncovered an unusually large skull, the boss on thejob failed to identify it with themastodon or other similar prehistoric beasts. Director Daggett wascalled in and his joy was almostboundless, finding final release in therequisition for more wheelbarrows totransport other parts of the anatomythat were immediately afterward uncovered. Twelve men are now at work andit is only a matter of days before therest of the imperial beast will beexnumea. immediately wonc on assembling it will be rushed, and it isexpected that the huge skeleton willattract some of the archologists fromdistant parts of the world. The elephant frame will sneasure abouteighteen feet in length, and, standing on all fours, about fifteen feetin "height. Its tusks are of the enormous curving kind, and measureanywhere from ten to fifteen feet inlength.As ror the tree it is of a varietythat is absolutely extinct in this partof California. Smithsonian and Government experts at Washington havedeclared it a species of the cypressfound only in cold climates, and onefhat evidently flourished in this section of California just after the glac?al period. The upper portions haveotted -away .through long 'exposure toatmospheric conditions prior to thetime it was completely ejRuueu inoil beds. Estimates place its age atabout 200,000 years, and make it theoldest piece of wood m existence.AFTERSICKNOROPERATIf is a pathetic mistaketo accept drugs or alcoholic mixtures when naturerrtwes nourishment to rettairthe wasted body and restorej the vigor of health.For forty year the best physicians have relied on the whole-some predigested nourishmentin Scott's Emulsionwhichis totallyI free from alcohol or opiates.Scott's Emulsion sharpensthe appetite renews bloodnourishes nerves strengthensbones and restores the courageof health to make life bright.Scott's Emulsion sets in actionthe very forces that promote health;it is pure, rich strength.13-SOThe lancy mats of Jaan are madechiefly by farmers on their own loomsfrom rushes supplied by their ownfarms, and in 1911 nearly 124,000 families took part in the industry. Exports, first sent out in 1878, now reach35 countries, although the UnitedStates takes 90 per cent, of the whole.FOR SALE.Three registered Percheron stallions; also twenty head of youngmares iand geldingb.STIRLING .P. IIINKSON,(27-0t) Lair, Ky.Administrator's Notice !All pai'ties having claims againstthe estate of Milton Woodard willplease-present same at once for payment. All owing the estate will callj at once and settle. v, I GEO. Jf. JOHNSOK,t27-S?fks) s Administrator.ESS3S-siifTT3il vf T Iv aqajaaBajpfcr-s, r ;trvalRLSISTOP WASHING- 'K TBEHAIR YITH SOAP"5pap Dries Your Scalp, Causing Dandruff, Then Hair Falls Out.v After washing your hnlr with soaplways apply a little Danderine tohe scalp to invigorate the hair andprevent dryness. Better still, usrioap as sparingly as possible, and iniead have a "Danderine Hair""lea-nse." Just moisten a cloth withDanderine and draw it carefullyhrough the hair, taking one strand at-i time. This will remove dust, dirtnd excessive oil. In a few moment0vou will be amazed, your hair will no-nlv be clean, but it will be wavyuffy and abundant, and possess anncomparable lustre and softness.Besides beautifying and cleansinghe hair, one appMcation df Danderineiissolves every particle of dandruffstimulates the scalp, stopping, itchingnd falling hair. D-mderine is to thrpir what fresh showers of rainandunshine are to vegetation. It goe-;ght to the roots, invigorates andnd life-producing properties causehe hair to grow long, strong andeautiful.Men' Ladies. You can surelymve lots of charming hair. Get a'S-ccnt bottle of Knowlton's Dandernofrom any drug store or tone.counter and try it.(adv)DpNT'S FOR HORSE OWNERSAmong Other Things Animals ShouldNot Be Fed Too Much Corn Durina Hot Weather Season.(By h. P. HOSKINS, University Farm,St. Paul, Minn.)Don't overload your horses.Don't feed too much corn in hotweather.Don't make any sudden change inthe feed.Don't keep your horse3 in poorlyventilated stables.Don't feed grain to warm horses.Give them hay first.Don't allow the harness, especiallythe collar, to chafe.Don't expect your, horses to relishtheir feed, unless the mangers areclean.Don't give large amounts of waterat one time. Small amounts frequently are much better.Don't give your horses patent medicine that you know nothing about,especially colic remedies.Don't keep a horse going after itbegins to show signs of exhaustion.You will save him by resting a bit.Don't allow your horses to drink alarce amount of water on coming into the stable very warm. Allow themto cool off a bit first.Don't allow young horses to weara set of shoes more than a month.Havo them removed, the hoofs leveled and the shoes reset if they areworth it.DIP FOR SGABIES IN CATTLESecretary of Agriculture Amends Order by Permitting a Strong'Solution o' Tobacco.TCho secretary of agriculture hasamended Order 143. effective August15, 1913, relating to dips for scabiesin cattle by permitting the use of thetobacco dip prepared from tobaccoand suitable tobacco products, pro-vided it contains not leas than sevenhundredths of one per cent of nicotine. -Heretofore, the requirementsJ have been that the tobacco dip shouldcontain not less than five hundredthsof one per ent of nicotine and twoper cent flowers of sulphur. The tobacco dip of the new strength neednot contain the sulphur. The regulation remains unchanged regarding thelime and sulphur dip, which may beused as, directed in the order.(noreased Forest Sales.In an increase in timber sales thisyear and in a decrease in receipts fromtimber trespass as compared with lastyear, national forest officers see atgrowing use of the forests and respect for the federal forest policy.To Kill Forest Insects.A Russian scientist claims to havediscovered an inoculation for useagainst forest insects. vMONEYffiTRWe tell voulww. and nay best marketprices. We are dealers: establishedin 1850; andean do BETTER for youthan agents or commission merchants. References any bank in I.ourJSville. "Write for weekly price Est.M. SABEL & SONS227-29-31 A 33 E. RaritelSL, LOUISVILLE, KY;Dealers In FURSHID.S, W80L.i . tProfessional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,TARIS, KENTUCKY,mee 514 Main Street.OmcePhonJ1,aesidence j gSM.&DH. A. H KELLI3U,Pkaoticing PirvrsiciAN,Offices, Rooms 4 and Klks BW aParis - - - Kentuclrsh.s. ATronKBY-AT-LAV.oo l.Ulk'a BmildiB:,iRheumatism, SprainsBackache, Neuralgia"Yet. daacfater, tint's road abtf, The itk in.toe"1backc AiniHKRir XBpnuaed AakSs lUaevedL"I vaa II for a leng tkuawitha screrely sprained aaWc. lgeattIeof9feaafrIiniaent and now 1 am able to be aboat and ean "walk a great deaL I wnte tfce acanee 1 think you deserve a lot oif credit for ptg soch a a LiwaSaat aajbamarket and I shall always take ma to recoawaefld Dr. Sea J nrtprj tJ-Jwa,Chm. Mmm, Uahmetre, Hd. 'SLOANSLINIMENTAt a! Dealers-2Sc 50c. awl $1.00. SWaa's iiMfam-Uva teofe kanee, eafttS, ataaavaaftryaeptfrae,AdaVeas Dr. Earl S. Stoao, lacFamine in Narthern Japan, earth -uakes and volcanoes in Southern Jar' n! Let's give poor Japan the Phil-p pines or Mexico.It is now understood that the sour -ng of milk during a thunderstorm -isiot due to electricity. n,rilH,5 oxla-nation that it results from the putre-active gases releosed from the earthluring low atmospheric pressure hasbeen confirmed by experiment.TO WHITERIf you are looking forSuit orat reasonable prices for Fallto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men-'s Suks and Oyarcoats that would retail at $15, $1S and $20, hut we arajL-offering them as a specialmS4 We also have a full line of Schloss Bros5 guarantesdtitiloxcd Suits for $15 to $25. Emerson Shoes at'9nd $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise ca be had at a price tiMjKwill please your pocket-book .TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEPT;L WoHstek) Proprietor.awajMaaanaMBtt Pans Odorless Cleaning Co.Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or Overcoat, Look Like New.You will be surprised when we send y,qur clotheshome,aad will wonder why yon have not tried uslbefore." .All Work. Guaranteed Satisfactory;rMen's and Ladies' PanamaReblockedjt your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Ley,Prpriefor.il"U1W i vW"'00 jtmmmut '"fc) wn xjajj asnjbaxkissllgsae I aerer y rrtiiig woncas quickly as Sloan's IinimeD, 'fytmrnm e?grateful people voice the saae ppiaiq. Kern'sproor. 'tKeSered FaiK p Yack.-was troubled -with a wcy mi pais in wwfor setae tiae. IvfCBt.tQ a doctor aatlMad not do any oaa. so (prcfcaa. a bottl f 9onaLi ai neat, aa4 Mr I a welltsmb. f always kaey a fettte of Sttmm Liniment itnoafc "ZSfar JiU Sm,toeBt fir ofifr yearn aaffcmiMitt'fci fct we. ffvarnMiLsfecasMtJrai be er UddkersBTaeaaZaaisaeat. We caicaaaetviaa itM eaoiisa.'iMe. fHfK1 In two months 8,000,000 pounds.beef came in from Canada under tfc ?tariff free list. Almost enough foe sawj lunch and dinner for New York, City-.1 A Fiuiadeipnia surgeon borea bomin 'a man's head and put in serum tecure paresis, but the patient iSajaX.Too bad! Putting things in PhaWK;,phia lieads might have led to vast !-provement had this experiment snayceeded. vPOMHOSEBS!a goodOvercoatamd Wmteiy here is the pkuimduceraent forVrand Straw Hats Cleanedand-198v-J1T, s-- V$-H&'t-fx1ij-iff &? ' .. j. ?-f,t 34- iiv-x'..S ' . - .J" ? 'A- wj. ) " f : Jb'JiiV. ''.?f &8fr& & Jl.if-ZdAP-T&j&i? f,iiW K?,.V . . - ..&'j&f-W&t-;""v.... "tvij1 M "J ... .vp"VSr' '.?&Hf,KitlK3trt: ill llijaMii , ,7 i .. , .'.' -.'ir t. r sm. , .r.. .ivrwtii -, ..f a&c- &L5na&S iSf? eCVAT ' tl WS,'lCfia1&A&S'Z4, , I K t , -"1 sV ' 'nI,"ItJ--A-Ifti8HEi nflBmns. wnmoniL"V3fe. C. W. "Corriagton was in Leriiogio oa business Tuesday. .Jr. O. E.'Hurst was at Berea onJ"buIe5S Monday and Tuesday.Airs. S. M. Allen entertained theurok club Tuesday afternoon..Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Hunter reture& Monday after a weeks' visit inItjexinston. 's Mr. and Mrs. Clarke .Leer enterkied a number of their friends Tues&$ evening.e .wjfiss Hatch, a trained nurse fromTjsington, arrived Tuesday, and is;nursing Mr. J. J. Peed.pj-DEATHSaAremyDENNISON NELSON.The marriage of Miss Lillie Dennison to Mr. Lloyd Nelson was celebrated Wednesday evening at 7:30o'clock at the home of the bride'sbrother, Mr. A. L. Dennison, on Railroad street. The 'ceremony was witnessed by a number, ofrelatives andi friends of the contracting tarties 'IRev. W. E. Ellis, of the ChristianChurch, was the officiating minister.uThe bride is one of the most estimible young Women of this city, and thesrroom is an industrious narnfintfir.After the cerepony, tthe bridal couple,, , ,r ' t, -r t-uc :ii 'were extended a dinner by the brotherMr. and Mrs. R. M. Johnson will - f. wnw Affo eln AMnWl 11' liVUU' ' .T -!. U. nuuilj IICUUIUR'fentertain this evening, the occasion0iag Mr. Johnson's twenty-firstbirthday., Mrs. W "G. Daily and daughter,:Mu6 Lucille, left Thursday for a twotrm they will return to this city toreside. - - tPARkER-DAVIS.Miss Anna Belle Parker, 'of Sa--weeks visit to Mr. and Mrs. Alex dieville, Scott county, and E. S. Davis,Zanders m Cincinnati.J-- Misses Nannie Louise Best and;ifcther Ks.vanaugh Nell wrill give apiano and violin-recital in the M. F.C. Chapel Saturday, at 8 p. m. Thepublic is 'invited., Mrs., Marion Ballou Fisk, readeramd cartoonist, gave a delightful en, TALBOTT.Mrs. Lula Talbott died Tuesdayafternoon at 1 o'clock at the home oiMrs. Nettie Hibler, on Eighth street.Mrs. Talbott was a comparativestranger in this city, having livedhere only about two months.. Previous to that time she lived in Winchester, but her only son, Mr. Weaver Talbott, "who has" t position withthe L. & N. railroad, with Paris asheadquarters, brought his " mother"here to live. Mrs. Talbott had beenill with pneumonia about two weeks.She is survived by her mother, Mrs.Kash, and .an only. " son, both ofwhom were with her when the endcame.Mrs. Talbott was a sister-in-law ofMrs. William C. Dodson and a cousinof Mrs. J. A. Gilkey, both of this city, iA short service was held at thehome of Mrs. Hibler by Rev. W. E.Ellis Wednesday morning, afterof Paris, were quietly married Wed- j which the body was taken to Winnesday afternoon at the home of Rev.John S. Shouse,-in Lexington, Rev.Shouse officiating. The couple wereattended by Miss Laura Lancaster, of'Georgetown, and two brothers of theI groom, Roy Davis, of Georgetown,and Rex Davis, of Cynthiana. Missitertamment to a large audience Tues-' Parker is a popular member of theiy .evening, at the M. P. C. All who .OUI?ger set in Sadieville while Mrkaard her were well-rXeased. Mrs. Davis 1S a member of the firm ofiPteV "is a. fliipnf: KnAafrpr. and an excel- Craig & Davis, of this city. Afterint. cartoonist. Her work, which the wedding the coiiDle returnedwas thoughtful, abounded in much-that was good to retam, and at the-.same time was full of humor.1 THE SICK No change for theHtter in the condition of Mr. J. J.Peed. Mrs. J. H. Collier continues-vary muck the same. The little-grandson of Mr. and Mrs. -FletcherDonaldson is ill with pneumonia,Adrian, the little son of Mr. .and Mrs.-James Cameron, is critically ill withflexible pneumonia, and is being at--teaded by Miss Chrystal, a trainedttuxse froai LexingtonParis, where theyhome.will maketotheirMANN-GIFFORDHHICHARD &. BALL LETCONTRACT FOR 3UILDING.prichard '& Ball, Monday let thecsiGatract for 'their new building to bejct$ on Pleasant street to the firm$rEai2dricks, Moore & Co., of LexingTtoK. " This company sub-let severaloaTracts, January & Connell secur- iin$ the contract for furnishing theEtka&l galvanized work, George Deit4rwan the brick contract and WoodsBros, the contract for the foundationzxj&L the-concrete work. The contractors "Wilt "begin work immediately andrtfte- contract with the local firm spedfie the "bmilding, which will be entife"Hy fire proof and three stories inlAelght, will lie ready for occupancyChester on the 9:45 train for burial.CLEVELAND.Mrs. Ellen Cleveland died at herhome on the Millersburg pike nearCynthiana, Monday night, after a briefillness from pneumonia. She had.been sick for about a w:eek, but wasnot considered in a dangerous condition until the day before her death.The funeral took place from the residence yesterday afternoon at twoo'clock, with services by Rev. W. E;Ellis, of this city, assisted by Rev.Jos. D. Armistead, of Cynthiana. Theburial took place in Battle Grove cem-.etery, in Cynthiana.Mrs. Cleveland was a daughter ofDavid H. and Mary VanHook Raymond, and was born in Harrison county, on April 16, 1843. Her husbandwas the late Jas. A. Cleveland, whodied in 188B. They spent their livesin Harrison county. , .She is survived by three sons andyoung woman. After a-short wecN two daughters: Meessrs. D. C. and C.ding trip the couple will return to !M. Cleveland, of Harrison county; E.1 Paris to reside. ' C. Cleveland, of Bourbon county;DITTMAR-MULLE'R. ' 'Mrs. Thos. Endicott, of Lexington;. , . ' 'and Mrs. John Smith, of HarrisonMr. .Samuel G. Muller and Miss countv. She is also survived by oneAnna Ditmar, a couple from Chicago, .brother, Mr. John Raymond, of Indicate to this city Wednesday, obtamed , , 'a marriage license from County ClerkPeafce Paton, 'and were marriedabout 4:30 o'clock in the office of Mr.George W. Davis, on Fifth street, byMr. Edward Gifford, of Paris, andMiss Nannie Mann, of Lexington,were quietly, married Wednesday afternoon at the. home of Mr. J. T. Atkins, in Lexington, a relative of thebride. Rev. J. W. Porter officiated.Mr. Gifford is' engaged as a plumberin this city and is an energetjc youngman. The bride is an attractiveMr. D. M. Robins, Secretary ofhe Young Men's Christian Associaion of Woodford county, and a welljiown speaker in other States, wliaddress a meeting for men at the Pars Methodist church next Sunday aftmoon at 3 o'clock. This service isinder the auspices of the BourbonCounty Y. M. C. A., and is the first-neeting of this natuie since thework began here.All men and boys over 18 years oage are cordially invited to attend.Old-fashioned hymns will be sung.Mr. Robins will speak on the subject "A Man Worth While," and. alarge crowd is expected. The BuffaloNews said of him recently, "One ofthe best lecturer's on the Americanplatform'Special services at the Baptistchurch- next Sunday, Feb. 1. At themorning hour Dr. C. R. Mangum willpreach on the subject, "The Inwardand Outward Attitude of the Church."This will be our annual roll-call service. At night the pastor., will continue his series of sermons entited"At the Devil's Bargain Counter," thesubject for the evening being "TheSale of a Kingdom for an ImpureLove."GOVERNOR'S OLD HOMEMAY BE SOLD BY STATEA provision for selling the old executive mansion at Frankfort may be incorporated in a bill to be introducedto appropriate $20,0J)0 for completionof the new mansion. The old mansion was conveyed to the State by fland company, title to remain in theState as long as the capital remainat Frankfort. The idea of retainingthe, old mansion as a residence for theCapitol custodian has been considered.J. D. CRAYCRAFTHAS PUBLIC SALE.Rev. J. S. Simms, pastor of the Methodist church.SMITH-McGLASSON.Relatives 'and friends 'in this cityhave received t the following announcement cards: . ,"Mr. and Mrs. John'K. Smithannounce the marriage of. their daughter .GertrudetoMr. Malcolm McGlassonMr. H. jik. Lamou, of Washington i on Tuesday, December the sixteenth-Ciy,ra government expert on poultry,iSf nox la the State to establish poultry clubfL corresponding to the corn:autd amjlns clubs of the boys andSK-lg of tfee State. This is a move in-the rights direction. The boys' and4jrirl6 canning clubs have done won-erfaP-tyb&gs things to emulate andrt xejoice in.Nineteen hundred and thirteen'Dayton, Ky.At home404 Fifth AvenueDayton, Ky.The announcement of the marriagecame as quite a surprise to the relatives and friends of the bride in thiscity. The marriage was celebrated hi Pearce Paton.ana.Cincinnati about four weeks ago, andthe fact was kept a secret until the announcement was made to the parentsof the bride.Mr. Glasson is a Lieutenant in theUnited States Navy and is at presentrat his home in Dayton, Ky., where heand his bride will remain until October when it is exnected he will betransferred to the Pacific coast.The bride is a very attractive andaccomplished young woman, and iswell-known in this ciuy. She is aniece of Misses Mabel and Flora Hill,Mrs. L. B. Purnell and Messrs. GeorgeM. and W. A. Hill, of this city. Shehas frequently visited her relativeshere and is very popular with a hostof friends.MANN-GIFFORD.Mr. Everett Gifford and Miss MayMann, both residents of Bourboncounty, were granted a marriage license Tuesday by County ClerkHarris & Speakes, the real estatebrokers, conducted a succesful salTuesday for J. D. Craycraft, on theWade's Mill and Winchester pikoabout two and a half miles fromNorth MiddletoWn. The farm, whicis a good one containing 121 acreswas sold toHenry Hall, of Montgomery county, at $131.75 per acre. Thestock, farming implements and household effects brought good pricesHorses brought from $50 to 201each; cows, ?40 to $80.50 per headone pair mules, $300; one yearling'mule, $50; sow and eight pigs, $47;chickens, 62c. each, and meat, 15 ca pound. Possession of the farm willbe given at once. Mr. and Mrs. Craycraft will move West.Substitutes)ETURN to the grocer dl substitutes sent you for Royal Baking Powder. There is no substitute for ROYAL.- Royal is a pure,cream of tartar baking powder, andhealthful. Powders, offered as substitutes are made from alum.THE "Fl Fl" REHEARSALSPROGRESSING SMOOTHLYThe rehearsils for the home talentplay, "Fi Fi of the Toyshop," to begiven at the Paris Grand Friday evening, are progressing rapidly, and agood show is progressing. The castis as follows:THE CAST.Fi Fi Miss Elizabeth Mann.Bonnie Miss Mary Mitchell Clay.Ink Spot Miss Mary FithianIutchchraft.Aurelia Mis3 Elizaboth Fisher.Loosy Miss Frances Clay.Talking Doll Miss Anna Eadseed.Miss Pud-in-Head .MissRachelViggins.Bo-Peex Mrs. Frank Fitlqfan.Tack Hammer Mr. Harry BrentMthianr i .Capt. Barnacle Mr. Harry HortonPrince Lolly Pop--Mr. Prentis Lan""pr. The Man in the Moon Mr. Walace Clark.Tin Heart Mr. Harry Saloshin.Clowns Messrs. Wollstein.Sandman Mr. J. H. Barnes."Hip Bt'ps Maid Dance Misses' " " r," ""'nip. Elizabeth Crutcher, Nell Crutcher, Marguerite Douglas, Elizabeth Brown, Nell.o jS, rlattie HillVNeal, Katherine Wilson, Frances"hanip.China Dolls Mis&es Marian Cram,Esther Boatright, Edith Hancock,annie Heller, Virginia Cook, Maryranees Wood, Elizabeth Hedges.FESTIVAL CHORUS WILLmeet as Usual monday-The Festival, chorus will meet as usual Monday night, in the First Presbyterian church at 7:30 o'clock.Choruses from Handel's immortal"Messiah" will be rehearser. Members of the chorus are urged to 'bepromptly in their seats.t&5mf reat factory Clearance SaleCombined With Ou rSemhJin'nmi Clearance SaleSale Ever WitnessedCounty."i31iso Varden, Ruby Mangum, Margaet Shive, Elizabeth Tarr, Agnes Turner, Charlina Ball, Mary Allen Hutchcraft. 'Letter Blocks Misses Irene Brambtt, Talette McClintock, Dennis Cahal, Ida May Merrimee, Virginia Dundon, Mary Kenney Webber, AnnieLouise White, Eleanor Lytle.Jumping Jacks Messrs WalterKenney, Rene Clark, Raymond Stamler, James McClintock, Jack Lair,Hugh Scott, Harold Newman, KellerLarkin, Robert Hutchison.Noah's Ark Animals Messrs. GaleBrown, Ralph Becraft, Ray Cahal,Charles Cahal, Morris Price, RobertMeglone.COLD WAVE WARNINGS AREEgg farming is in a class by itsettVOther farm crops are liable to meetwith fluctuating prices, but this doesnot come to the egg farmer. Theprice of eggs is about the same,month by month, one year with another, and it is continually raising.Most other crops require expensivelands and costly fertilization. Theegg crop5can be raised on very cheapland, and hen3 themselves make a.salable fertilizer.An Ordinance !CITY HALL, PARIS, KY., .January 22, 1914."Section 1. Be it ordained by theMayor and Board of Council of theCity of Paris, Ky.WHEREAS, It is deemed desirableto reduce the boundaries of the Cityof Paris by taking out of and excludJng from the City o: x'sltts the following lands now used for farming purposes, to-wit:"Beginning on Stoner Creek at a.point where he property of 'Mrs.. Nannie Clay Hancock joins the pump3tation property, and running alongStoner Creek as it meanders to- the'mouth of Kennedy's Creek, and thencein a straight line to the Winchesterpike so as to include all the landsformerly owned by tne late GarrardPaper Dolls Misses Sarah Bedford, 1 Davis and now owned by Mrs. Nannie.v-iu.j uautuub, auu lueuuu xu. Liie lulu-The Greatest Footwea- '-'. In Thisdie of said Winchester turnpikenorthwardly to a point 320 feet southof Hal Woodford's corner; thence ina straight line to the place of beginning."It is therefore ordered and ordained that the parcel of land above setout by metes and bounds be excludedfrom and taken out of and strickenfrom tho present boundaries of theCity of Paris.SECTION 2. This ordinance shallbe published for not less than three(3) weeks in the Eourbon News, published in Paris, Kentucky.SECTION 3. Within thirty days after the adoption, publication and advertisement of this ordinance a .petition shall be filed in the Circuit'Court of Bourbon County in the name -on behalf of the city setting forthpassage, publication and advertisement of this crdxnance. theobiectFho flrt cold vravc warning of the and purpose thereof together with anseason was sent Droadcast through ' accurate description by metes andthe State of Kentucky yesterday bounds of the territory proposed to bemorning, a decided drop in the tern-, stricken from the city and praying forperature being due. a judgment of the court to strike fromAlthough unusually severe weather tho city; and said petition shall behis not expaqted, a fall of forty de- filed not less than frsrentv davs beforeI grees, which is predicted will be regis- the first day of the next succeedingt.ered before tonight, will be all the term of the Bourbon Circuit, Court.more teit oecause ot the summer con- J. T. HINTON. Mayor.ditions prevailing in this locality dur- Attest: J. W.-HAYDEN. Clerk. .SENT BROADCAST, andthev V v. : i NThecxtrcme mild weather, causing many cancellations, force the- factory toself out tf-e best Shoes made at prices less, than cost of material.NOW IS YOUR OPPORTUNITYThe best Custom-Made Shoes of this factory, togetherwith our own over-stocked footwear, are at your disposal atbut a fraction of their real worth. -ng the past few days.Iwks-eotDADDY DONTYOU WISH YOU HADSTARTED A BANK. ACCOUNT AYear, agowhen youWEREEARNINGMORE?45HFfceetdL tlxo Prices C?etrefio.lly$4.00 Ladies' English Toe, Sale Price $2.994.00 Ladies' Patent and GunMetal, Sale Price 2.994.00 Ladies' Tan and Black SuedeSale Price , 2.49300 Ladies' Patent and Gun MetalSale Price - 1 993.00 Ladifts Velvet, but , Sale' Price 1 492.50 Ladies' Gun Metal, but. andlace, Sale Price 1 .492.00 Ladies' Gun Metal, Sale Price .9914.50 Men's Gun Metal, Sale Price.. $ 3. 404.00 Men's Tan button, Sale Price.. 2.994.00 Men's- English 'Toe, SalePrice . . v. 2.493.50 Men's Gun Metal, Sale Price., 1 .992.50 Me'n's Gun Metal', lace; SalePrice .7 : 1.492.50 Boys' ; Patents, Jac'e, SalePrice.. l1.50 Little Gents, lace .1?49.99JPootwear: atif egufatr Value- Children's Shoes at Half -Price All Kinds of Rubbers atgreatly Reduced Prices-25c value of Baby Soft SoleShoes, 200 pairs, at 6c each.:r AP& Selection ofWernotiShoe Co. Bankrupt $dlc, Sold by U. SS' CourtSale Began Saturday, January- 17thShoe. Store,v Paris;DAN COHEN? m'v.- maBasaamimAll the past year he spent money for i HIS or thatuseless thing. Yes,. money, that would have piled up in thebank, it didn't; seem much, as he spent it in dribs, but? nowj he realizes he WASTES MONEY and has nothinsr to show:for if. Regrets won c pay for anything except wFtn&edbrows. Gan't vbu d en v yourself a few little things ' forYOUR FAMILY'S SAKE, arfd'put it safe in.ofr barlR? vKy-sBY TriE-OLD gE&ABLE HOUSE. tHESiN"Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on SavingstfW:DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapita!, $j00,000.r '" Sqrilus, $40,C60,8a.-J. M. :ALL.,PPtE5!DENTC K. THOMAS. ITASHIEIVi'V.m- 4r - ' .: V-i-i-M- - -;: J ;-' mMm' -1. .w:lJm