4THEPUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 30, 1914.BOURBONNEWS"v. i VORGANIZATION OF0. M. THOMAS CLUBEFFECTED HERE.Friends of Bourbon CountyMeet Saturday and Perfect Organization.VERY ENTHUSIASTICMEETING HELD.List of Workers AppointedFor the Twenty VotingPrecincts in County.The organization of a "Claude M.Thomas Club," for the purpose offurthering the interests of BourbonCounty's Congressional candidate inthe race for the Democratic nomination, was effected in the County CourtToom, in the court house, Saturday afternoon. The meeting was called to order byTemporary Chairman John T. Collins,vith Bruce Miller and Swift Champ asSecretaries. These were later madepermanent officials.Chairman Collins, after briefly stating the object of the meeting urged athorough organization of the countyin Mr. Thomas' interest.A committee composed of R. B.Uutchcraft, Jr., A. S. Thompson, Jno.T. Hinton and the chairman, was appointed to name a committee in eachof the twenty voting places in thecounty to thoroughly canvass the voteand make personal appeals to thevoters.CANNERS' ASSOCIATION INVESTIGATES HUGHES CASES HERE.The committee reported the following list of names for workers in thetwenty precincts, which was accepted: Paris No. 1 Judge C. A. McMillan,E. T. Hinton, Robert Lusk, WalkerMuir, J. M. Hall, E. B. Hedges, E. M.Dickson, George D. Speakes and W.H. Webb.Paris No. 2 W. G. McClintock,Whittington Mann, E. F. Prichard,Swift Champ, W. H. Whitley and Dr.J. T. VansantParis No. 3 Pearce Paton, BruceMiller, Alex Rice, C, E, Butler, Dr. J.A. Gilkey, J. S. Wilson, R. B. Hutchcraft, Jr., and J. O. Marshall and Dr.A. H. Keller.Pans No. 4 Hon. J. T. Hinton, C.J. Lancaster, Dr. F. P. Campbell, William B. Ardery, Jr., W. A. Wallen,John Cain, Ernest Martin, WilliamGrannon and Walter Clarke.Paris No. 5 L. D. Harris, JackWoods, John Cain, Sr., John T. Hedges, Harry Baldwin and Swinney Ray.Paris No. 6 J. W. Thomas, Dr. D.S. Henrv. Claude Redmon. .WilliamRemington, H. B. Arnold, George Batterton and M. J.Lavin.Millersbprg Nos. 1 and 2 Dr. Burroughs, Dr. William Miller, ThomasMcClintock, Ben Thompson, Dr. C. C.Fisher, Bert McClintock, John Leer,Sanford Carpenter, C. M. Best andAshby Leer.North Middletown No. 1 Judge H.C. Smith, H. S. Cay wood, J. -J. Redmon, T. C. Johnson, A. S. Trimble,C. C. Clark, J. Hedge Rash, A. C.Detwiler, Lawrence Mitchell, ' CalvertMeng, William Stewart, E. B .Allen,Cash Harney, I. S. Reynolds and RoyMcCray.North. Middletown No. 2 Gano Hildretli, Ben Woodford, Hon. J. HalWoodford, C. C. Hadden, A. S. Thompson, Sam Hardin and W. F. Mitchell.Little Rock No. 1 S. R. Burris, L.A. Cooper, J. E. Boardman, H. H.Crouch, B. F. Hopkins, J. P. Burris,W. B. Crouch, Perry Jewell, Dr. P. L.McClure, R. H. Burris, Tip Hinkle,John Bettis, William Wasson, J. F.Young, Ed. Clark, Thomas Dillon andC. H. Dalzell.Little Rock No. 2 T. J. Redmon,W. P. Wornall, Walter Kenney, Jas.L. Dodge, David Johnson, John Brophv, Sam T. Talbott, Catesby Woodford, Jr., J. G. Redmon and George W.Redmon.Clintonville No. 1 A. S. Thompson, B. J. Clay, A. X.. Stephenson, RayCunningham, W. K. Hally, BurnettParrish, R. S. Darnaby, Ben Stipp andLuther Rice and W. w, iaiey.Clintonville No. 21. D. Thompson,James Ingels, Joseph Quisenberry,Henry Power, J. Frank Clay and Chas.Higgins.Hutchison No. 1 E. P. Claybrook,E. D. Brown, Robert Meteer, W. H.Piper, William Meteer and JohnSteeleHutchison No. v-2 Forrest Letton,Frank White, Charles White W. W.Hinton, James W. Ferguson, M. B.Lovell, John Towles and Louis Mus-sinon.Centervllle No. 1 V. W. Ferguson,Joseph Leach, A. D. Leach, ThomasLeach, Spence Menifee and Alf. Batterton. ..Centerville No. 2 J. M. bcott, u.P. Clay, J. A. Wagoner, A. P. Adair,D. G. Taylor and John Leach.Ruddles Mills No. 1 John Marston,Walker Kiser, E. D. Ralls, Isaac Keller, Charles Wilson, Jacob Keller,Jack Cunningham, James H. Fisher,Ed. Keller and Thomas Padgett.Ruddles Mills No. 2 R. O. Turner,B. B.-Marsh, George Current, JamesThe National Canner's Associationhas made an investigation of the poisoning ofe the Hughes family at Paris,and in its report states that thefamily was the victim of impure cistern water or arsenical poisoning, andwas not made by canned salmon, aswas reported.A synopsis of the investigation bythe Canner's Bureau reads as follows:From Mrs. Zaidee Hughes it waslearned that on June 3 she had usedone can of salmon in" preparing thenoon lunch. All the members of thefamily had eaten of it except CharlesL. Hughes, Jr., a baby about thirteenmonths old, who had been sick forabout two weeks.On June 6, in preparing some of theregular medicine the doctor had leftfor the baby, she had used water fromthe cistern in the yard, but prior tothis time had used hydrant water inpreparing the medicine. Half hourafterward she noticed a change inhim, called the doctor, but the childdied shortly after his arrival. Thebaby had not partaken of canned salmon or any other canned food. While,the canned salmon had been eaten onJune 3, no member of he family wastaken sick until June 5 and prior totheir illness all of the family haddrank of the water from the cistern.The son, Llewellyn, on returningfrom his work on June 5, said he hadhad a headache during the day. Hedid not make any complaint duringthe next day, but on the following dayshe noticed that he drank frequentlyof the cistern water and .was not well.She gave him a dose of salts which hesaid made him sick in a short time.The doctor called at. 11 o'clock thatnight and he died on June 9. Theother son, Raleigh, who was takensick on June 5 had gone to the cisternin the yard and drank a glass of water from it just before he was attacked. Water from the cistern' was usedin watering a fern, and shortly afterit began to die.Mr. Hughes, his daughter andmother were interviewed and eachstated that in their opinions the illnesses were due to the cistern water.On examining the cistern it wasfound that there was a scum on thewater, a large numoer of black bugsand a much larger number of whatare called "sow bugs" floating on top.on top.Dr. J. L- Rankin, the attending physician said in a signed statement thathis diagosis of the illnesses was arsenical poisoning, not ptomaine poisoning, and was not caused by cannedfoods. He further stated that he wasabsolutely sure of his diaguosis, although a examination of some of thewater from the cistern which had beemade at Lexington did not show anyarsenic present.IDRIDERSINJUREDINCLOSING EXERCISES' OF THEEPWORTH LEAGUE HELD FRIDAYMOTORCYCLEand John Fitzgerald Severely Bruised.VEHICLE SHAFTPUNDTURES LUNG.Farmer Sustains Three Broken Ribs and Is TakenTo Hospital.CARD OF THANKS.The undersigned desires to expresshis thanks to the firemen, both regular and volunteer, for their excellentwork, on Sunday afternoon, in savinghis residence, which, while almostwraped in flames, from the burningstable, looked impossible to save.But for their prompt and splendidwork, all would hav been lost.W. H. WHITLEY.The Fifth Annual Assembly of theKentucky Conference Epworth Leaguecame to a close last Friday at 12o clock, after a most successful seasicnj The prayer services conducted'each morning at 6 o'clock, by Rev. J.O. A. Vaught, were well attended.Dr. Vaught held the last service Ffi-day morning. Conference convenedat 8:30 o'clock and almost all the'morning session was taken un withJbs. Farmer Seriously Iniured business,. hearing of reports and dis-uuUiuuo vu. y ia.ua iui JLUlUlt; WUrii.Miss Julia Crutchfield, of Jenkins,Ky., gave an excellent talk on "Missionary Training Schools," and presented her plan to conduct a kindergarten at Jenkins during the comingyear. A motion carried that $100 begiven by the Conference towards thesupport of this work.Rev. T. W. Watts, Chairman of theCommittee on Reports, presented hisreport which recommended that theConference adopt certain reports tobe used by the individual Chapters.Owing to the fact that the reports ofthe Chapters presented this yearwere not made uniform made it impossible to award the Banner. TheLeagues of Cynthiana and ScottStreet, Covington, tied, both securing5 points, but, as a compliment to theParis Epworth League, the Bannerwill be allowed to adorn the walls othe Paris League room" until nextConference, when a correct comparison could be made between the reports of the various League Chapters.Rev. Watts also presented the report of the Committee on the Constitution, which offered several sUghtchanges in thes Constitution aadopted by the General Conferencewhich met in Oklahoma City lastlast month. After considerable discussion the report was adopted. MissJulia Crutchfield offered a report onMissions which was accepted. A report was -road by Mr. Dennis Snapp onSabbath Observance and Temperance,which was adopted.The Conference voted to support theAfrican "Mission and ?600 was pledgedto that field by the delegates for theirrespective Chapters in shares of $19each.The Secretary read an invitationsent from the Richmond EpworthLeague inviting Conference to meetin that city in 1915. The invitationwas accepted.The Committee on Nominations presented their report, nominating thefollowing, which were elected:President Rev. J. B. Harris, ofCovington.Secretary Rev. O. B. Crockett, ofNicholasville.Treasurer Mr. G. P. Fisher, of Millersburg. Epworth Era Agent Mr. W N.Collins, of Danville.Junior Superintendent Mrs. J.Wood Hudson.VThe Constitution was amended bythe Conference which provided that'the District Secretaries be appointedby the President of the Conference in-GEORGETOWN COUNCILMENENJOINED IN BOURBON COURTA frightened horse, a driver's carelessness in leaving the animal unhitched on a public street, and a flyingmotorcycle, were prominent factorsSunday night, in an accident that'mayresult fatally for Joseph Farmer, awell-known young telegraph operatorin the L. & N. dispatcher's office atParis.Young Farmer, with a companion,John Fitzgerald, riding behind him,was coasting down the incline fromMain Street, and when a short distance from Porter & Spencer's saloon,a horse attached to a break cart,standing near the curbing, becamefrightended and swerved across thestreet just as the flying motorcyclecame near. Unable to stop the machine it crashed into the horse, thetongue of the cart striking him in the.chest. Three ribs were broken andthe lung punctured, and other internalinjuries probably sustained. Fitzgerald sustained a sprained wrist andseveral bruises. Both men were rendered unconscious for several minutes. They were picked up by bystanderswho witnessed the accident, and Hurried to the office of Drs. Fithian &Daugherty, where, after an examination of "first aid to the injured," Farmer was taken to the Massie Memorial Hospital. Fitzgerald was able toreturn home.Mr. Farmer, with his mother, resides on Scott Avenue, is a brother ofMrs. J. W. Bramblette, of this city.At the hospital it was stated thatFarmer was resing comfortably andwould probably recover.SELLING CHEAP,If you think we are not going tosell things cheap until July 1, justcome in and price what you want.BUTLER'S,Opp. Court House.BASE BALL.Kiser, John Johnson and SteeleMarsh. ...The meeting was very enthusiasticni thft members of the club are determined to make every effort for thenomination and election of Mr. Thomas. Bourbon County has not had arepresentative in Congress for fiftyyears, since the days of Hon. BrutusClay, and Senator Thomas' friendssay it is time for her to honor herselfby electng this -worth son of Bourbonto the position. Upon motion the clubstood adjourned subject to the call ofthe chairman.GAINING ALL THE TIME. 'Mr. Beckham seems to be gainingstrength very rapidly, and it iooksnow like the Democrats throughoutthe State are more universally for himthan ever before. .It seems the people are determinedthat he shall finally come into hisown, which he should have donewhen Mr. Bradley was elected to theUnited States Senate. MayfieldMessenger.SUNDAY GAMES.Lexington took both of the doubleheader games at Lexington Sunday bythe scores of 10 to 6 and 5 to 3.MONDAY.Paris took the Colts into camp yesterday by the score to 6 to 2.Paris plays Charleston here to-day.Yesterday's game was largely wonthrough the splendid work of EarlCurtis, of Paris, who was in the boxfor the -Paris team. Curtis pitched asplendid game, the pennant-aspiringColts getting only four hits off of hisdelivery. With the rest of the pitching staff as classy as-Curtis the Paristeam would be enabled to make a better showing.J.W. Thatcher, J. W. Thomson, Preston Morris and Leonard, J. Hambrick,four members of the city council ofGeorgetown, came to Paris Saturdaywith their attorneys and applied toJudge Stout, of the Circuit Court, foran order compelling the city councilto take cognizance of a proceedingagainst James Dunn, James Flukeand Lewis H. Sublett, three othermembers of the council, growing outof certain contracts alleged to havebeen made by the three councilmenwith the city of Georgetown, contraryto law.The .suit grows out of a contest between the wet and dry factions of heDemocratic party in the council. Fourof these are dry Democrats, two wetDemocrats and two Republicans.Judge Stout granted the order andIssued a mandamus against MayorKiuzea Stone requiring him to callthe council together and to refuse toallow the three councilmen, Dunn,Fluke and Sublett, to participate intheir own trial.stead of their being elected as formerly. Accordingly President Harrisappointed the following:Covington Miss Violet Renaker, ofCynthiana. fc4f!lFrankfort Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, ofParis.Lexington Miss Lillian Boggs, ofNicholasville.Danville Miss Lula Arnold, of Wilmore. Jackson Miss Grace Harris.Maysville Miss Martha Irvine, otWashington.Shelbyville Miss Myrtle Smith, ofLaGrange.It is the duty of the District Secretaries to organize new League Chapters, to maintain interest in th'eir district in League work, and to hold annual district meetings.The principal address Friday morning was given by Rev. Frank Y. Jackson, of Marion, Va., urefaced by anappropriate hymn and a prayer byRev. Watts. Rev. Jackson preachedfrom the text in Daniel XI, 32. Atthe conclusion of the sermon Dr. Jackson conducted a consentration service"Blest Be the Tie that Binds," wassoftly sung and prayer was offered byPresident Harris. After the benediction by Rev. Vaught the Conferenceadjourned.The Paris Epworth League desiresto thank the public In general and allwho contributed in making the gathering such a splendid success, especially do they extend thanks to Prof.Albert H. Morehead, who willinglyoffered his services in directing themusic and in producing the splendidmusic which was a result of his careful training. The Morehead quartette, composed of Prof. Morehead,Messrs. Prentice Lancaster, 'HarryITerslake and Wallace Clark, was aspecial feature each evening and added much to the music program.NEWS OF MfLLERSBUBGMrs. C. M. Best returned Fridayafter a several weeks' visit to relatives at Philadelphia, Penn.Joel W. Mock and family, ofAshland, arrived Friday as the geetsof relatives and friends here.Mrs. Martha Vimont left Thursday for a visit to her daughter, MrW. A. Mupnzing, at MaysvlUe . -Mrs. Harlan Parrish ad children,of Lexington, are guests of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Pattersea.Miss Anna James McClintock andsister, Miss Ruth, have returned aftera visit to Mrs. C. W. Howard, aadoher relatives in Lexington.FOR SALE A good, six-rooaabrick residence on the southwest cor-j,ner of Fifth and Miller streets. With.never-failing water in the'yard. Thisis a good location, convenient todepot, churches and schools. Thsame can be bought very reasonable.This is a splendid opportunity, as wewill give you a bargain. For furtherparticulars, call on or address,M. P. COLLIER, Agent,Bourbon Lumber Co., Paris, Ky,(26june-8t)BURR GROUND MEALYour grocer sellsMeal. Give it a trial.byMILLERSBURGBurr GroundManufacturedMILLS.NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS.You are hereby notified of a meeting of the stockholders of the DepositiBank of Paris for the purpose of increasing the capital stock of said bank:from $100,000 to $150,000, and ofmerging this bank with the Peoples -Bankof Paris, as set forth in the letter to stockholders and agreementmade by directors of each, bank, andfor the purpose of attending to suchother business as may be brought before it.Said meeting will be held at theBanking House of said Deposit Bank:of Paris on the 22d day of July, 1914,Yours respectfully,J. M. HALL, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.304tNOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS.You are hereby notified of a meeting of the stockholders of the Peoples Bank for the purpose of merging said Bank with the Deposit Bankof Paris, under the provigfons of thoKentucky Statutes, and for such other business as may be brought beforeit. Said meeting will be held at theBanking House of the Peoples Bank,Parte, Ky., on the 22d day of July,1914, at 2 p. m.Yours respectfully,W. P. ARDERY, President,S. E. BEDFORD, Cashier.30-4ti i c.('HiWHPwiB-- M"WE KNOW HOW"PORCH SHADESJust the ThinFor Summer-ATBECKHAM SWEEPS FIELD.PADUCAH, June 29. Gov. McCreary conferred with Paducah political leaders on his way through herefrom Murray. The Governor has noorganized campaign here and no hopewas held out for his success in Mccracken County, where the Beckhamforces are conceded to have a cleansweep of the field. The Governor didnot meet with much encouragementat Murray, either. Men in a positionto know estimate that CallowayCouny will give Beckham more thanMcCreary and Stanley put together.We sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.A. F. WHEELER & CO.(5-tf)STOREKEEPERS AND GUAGERSASSIGNED FOR JULY."BECKHAM IN MONTGOMERYMT. STERLING, KY., June 28Ex-Governor Beckham delivered hisfirst speech of the present campaignin this city yesterday afternoon at thecour house before a large crowd ofvoters from this and adjoining counties. The address of Governor Beckham was along the lines of his formeraddresses over the State.He said he felt confident of successin the August primary. GovernorBeckham paid his respects to Congressman Stanley and scored theCongressman for his alleged inconsistency and for reckless statements inhis campaign Epeechefc. The BJeckham followers were highly pleasedThe following July assignments ofstorekeepers and gaugers in the internal revenue service have beenmade for Bourbon County for July:G. G. White Company, Paris; C. L.D. Shy, additional; John R. Dagley,Julius Kessler & Company, Paris;E. G. Grigsby, day and bottling; JohnD. Shy, additional; John R. Gagley,gauger.OLDEST IN THE BUSINESS.re-ma-Lawn mowers sharpened andpaired. Oldest antomobile andchine repair shop in the city.SM'L KERSLAKE & SON,East cor. Third and Pleasant Sts(15m-2mo)INCREASED L. & N. BUSINESSNECESSITATES LARGE FORCET-tfWhite Flannel and White SergeTrousers For Men.White Serge with neat black stripes, made withcuff bottoms, tunnel belt straps, just the thing towear these warm days with white suit and darkcoat. We are showing a great many patterns inthese goods.- Prices Ranging From .$4.00 to $7.00VAs proof that Paris has becomean important railroad center, and thatthe business of the Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company has largelyincreased since the double tracking ofthe road has been completed, it wasstated Friday by local officials of theroad that more trains passed throughParis Thursady and Thursday nightthan were ever known to pass herewithin the same length of time.There was such a congestion of cars.in the yards that it was necessary tocall out three extra forces of train-at the reception given their favorite. men to relieve the situation::Mitchell & Blakemore,, -. -ctri9$ rvtCIlllv-rfc.7-IThe Store for Men's Styles.VCsmmMNaartfltMMrtfcaafMMiazrTHE BOURBON. NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 30 1914-V - mmmLIitThat WeakAcconp&nied by pain here or there extreme nervousness.sleeplessness may be faint spells or spasms all are signals of-distress for a woman. She may be growing from girlhood intoWomanhood passing from womanhood to motherhood or latersuffering from that change into middle life which learos so many-wrecks of women. At any or all of these periods of a weMan's lifesheehould take a tonic and nervine prescribed for jut such casesby a physician of vast experience in the diseases f women.DR. PIERCE'SFavorite Prescription-i ,-.vii. w.tai mn-r-a nocAo in ntief -Tnrfvcan now be had in sugar-coated, tablet form as well as in. the liquid. Sold by medicmadealers or trial box by mail on receipt of 50 cents in stamps. tHies Elizabeth Lordahl of Berkeley, CaL, in a recent letter to Dr. Pierce said: I was completelyferoken down in healthjwas achingand had pains allover my body and wasao nervous thatl couldscreamif anyone talked to me, but I had the good fortune to meet a nurse who had been cured by Dr. Pierce aJPrescnption. I have never had an occasion to consult a physician since am in excellent bealtn,I Dr. Pierce's Pleaasuit Pellets resalatesteHUicli, II liver a fcaweht- wgar-c te. Umr gr leaBBBHBHBPBBBBBflBWBBBBflBBBBjHbbbbbbbbbbHIbbbBwBBBBBBBHHbBBPBBBHlBBBBBBsBBB&AbHSHbKwBt Paris Rome telephone and Cekgrapb Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. K. E. SPEARS, Commerical Manager.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Bourbon- a5aa5aaal irParis Kentucky.;4;'4,',,;,'j,''' - - ?GEO W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 399."first Popular Price Excursion of the SeasonTo Cincinnati and ReturnSunday, July 5, 1914,for the Round Tripr i& t -Special train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a. m.f returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m. Forfurther information call on.Low round trip Summer iTouristjackets to all principal tourist points4n Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,"West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on Bale dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with fiual return limit Qct. 31, "with very liberalstop-oVer privileges. For further information call on or addressJ. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS. Act.-?Backwars tnan &nv other known remedy. ItHave You a' 'IHOME TELEPHONEOur Bourbon CountyBusiness is GrowingMore Rapidly ThanEver Before.Ask Your Neighbor About TheService, Then Let Us Figure With YouWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in noing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in 'thelanndry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous for fine work and itdever goes bsck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.Laundry.RHEUMATISM ARRESTEDMany people suffer the tortures oflame muscles and stiffened joints becauseof impurities in the blood, and each succeeding attack seems more acute untilrheumatism has invaded the whole system.To arrest rheumatism it Is quite as important to imprpve your general health asto purify your blood, and the cod liver oilinScott'sEmulsion is nature'sgreat bloodmaker, while its medicinal nourishmentstrengthens the organs to expel theimpurities and upbuild your strength.Scott's Emulsion is helping thousandsevery day who could not find other relief.Refuse the alcoholic substitutes.n l!iirlnTSlioiCorner Fourth and MainModern Equipment, .. Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDOnfr.VIv falfAVAjt TOtA.mAtM.v Qam Th..i s' zzrimri-'"t - "" .ca, xicuraigis, jiacKacoe. neaaacne andtains. Yniir mrmnir lioolr if it fills tnt.i., fifteen minutes time.jidio auw X.CHB in htiv Tinrc m inn nnnrJfriee COc, At All Druggists,Fres umpl mad etoslar teat on reqoMt.BUUKBUN KbMtUT COMPANY,; usi mam ai.f LtXMitM, Ky.The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188132 Years oftinouous Publication.rCon-5WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.A FOOL AT THE WHEEL.The fool at the wheel of the automobile is full brother to the fool whorocks the boat. Many 'persons whohave experienced the discomfort ofbeing passengers in motor vehiclesdriven by persons fond of displayingtheir recklessness will view withpleasure the result of a damage- suitfiled in Pennsylvania to recover forthe death of a girl who was a passenger upon a recklessly driven motorcycle, says the Courier-Journal.The evidence showed that the motorcyclist invited the girl to ride withhim. She accepted the invitation, andhe "speeded up" until the machinewas traveling at a dangerous gaitamid the shifting obstacles of acrowded street. A collision occurredand the passenger was killed. Thedriver shared her injuries and subsequently aiea. a suit against ms estate to recover damages resulted in averdict for the plaintiff. It was contended by the plaintiff'that when thedriver of a vehicle invites another tobecome his passenger he implies uponhimself the duty of operating the machine in a safe and proper manner toprotect the passenger from other thanthe ordinary risk of traffic.The proportion of sensible motorists rapidly increases. There are nowadays far fewer reckless- drivers inproportion to the total number of drivers than there, were when motoringwas a novelty and distinctly a sport.There are neverthless, a good manydrivers who take passengers withoutfeeling obliged to exercise reasonablecare in behalf of their safety. Suchdrivers should be made to pay damages when their negligence causes theinjury of their passenger.FOR AN IMPAIRED APPETITE.To improve the appetite and tostrengthen the digestion try a fewdoses of Chamberlain's Tablets. Mr.J. H. Seitz, of Detroit, Mich., says:"They restored my appetite when impaired, relieved me of a bloated feeling and caused a pleasant and satisfactory movement of the bowels."For sale by all dealers.(June)PROMISED TO KILL WIFE IFMEXICANS ENTERED HOUSEA dramatic recital of the escape ofhimself and wife from death by aMexican mob in Monterey, Coahuila,Mexico, was given at Oakland, Cali.,recently by John C. Allen, DeputyUnited States Consul at Monterey.Allen said he and his wife withstooda four days' siege behind the stonewalls of a crude Mexican house inMonterey after the receipt of thenews of the American occupation ofVera Cruz, while a frenzied mob surged outside crying "Death to the Gringoes." "We lived a lifetime in those fourdays," said Allen. "The mob wascrazy with hatred, and if tney couldhave broken into the stone house wewould have been killed."My wife made me promise to killher and then end my own life if theybroke through our barriers. I had nofirearms, nothing but a butcher knife,but I got it ready, for I should neverhave allowed her to fall into theirhands alive."At the end of the fourth day theFederal troops were driven out by theconstitutionalist army under GeneralGonzales and the Aliens left their"fortress" in safety.GET RID OF YOUR RHEUMATISM.Now is the time to get rid of yourrheumatism. You can do it if youapply Chamberlain's Liniment. W.A. Lockhard, Homer City, N. Y.'writes, "Last spring I suffered frommy arms and shoulders, f got a bottle of Chamberlain's Liniment and thefirst application relieved me. By using one bottle of it I was entirelycured." For sale by all dealers.(June)KANSAS GOVERNOR SHOWSPRISONER UNUSUAL MERCYThe Governor of Kansas recentlygranted a prisoner in the State peniten tiary a parole of sixty days thatthe man might go home -and harvesthis wheat crop. The prisoner wassent up, it appears, for five years forselling mortgaged property. Before jne was convictea ne naa put in a bigwheat crop and as it promised aheavy yield, and ihs family was infinancial distress, he was permittedhy the Governor to go home to takecare of the grain. This is a most unusual case of executive clemency, hutit shows clearly that Kansas has aGovernor whose heart is in the rightpalce. rAREARE YOUR KIDNEYS WELL7 fflByBB&&B&B&&m&&fiBmmMany Paris People Know the Importance of Healthy Kidneys.The kidneys filter the blood.They work day and night.Weak kidneys allow impuritiestomultiply.No kidney ill should be neglected.There is possible danger in delay.If you have backache or urinarytroubles.If you are nervous, dizzy or wornontBegin treating your kidneys at onceUse a proven kidney, remedy.None endorsed like Doan's KidneyPills.Recommended by thousands.Proved by Winchester testimony.A. G. McCauley, 134 S. Maple St.,Winchester, Ky., says: "I had painsthrough my kidneys and the kidneysecretion were scanty and painful inpassage. On the recommendation ofa friend, I got a box of Doan's KidneyPills and the result of their use convinced me of their merit. I now gladly confirm what I said about them before." The above is not an isolated case.Mr. McCauley is only one of many inthis vicinity who have greatfully endorse Doan's. If your back achesif your kidneys bother you, don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy askdistinctly for Doan's Kidney Pills, thesame that Mr. McCauley had. 50c atall stores. Foster-Mildurn Co., Props.,Buffalo, N. Y.ONLY ONEENTIRELYTORY.SATISFAC-"I have tried various colic and diarrhoea remedies but the only one thathas given me entire satisfaction andcured me when I was afflicted isChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. I recommend it tomy friends, at all times," writes S. N.Galloway, Stewart, S. C. For sale byall dealers.(June)WHERE'S THE HARM.Because he had taken snap shotsuf women wearing skirts made toconform with extreme freakishness ofpresent-day fashions, a young man ofCharlotte, N. C, was fined $25 one dayrecently. What the specific chargeagainst him was is not stated, andone may wonder what it may havebeen. From the statement that thepictures were taken while their wearers were boarding street cars it maybe vaguely inferred that somebody'smodesty was shocked. But if thatwhich was depicted was permissiblein public, why was the photographingof it an offense?i$5&&d&&&&Sfr.9Nervous?Mrs. Walter Vincent,of Pleasant Hill, N. C,writes: "For three summers, I suffered fromnervousness, dreadfulpains in my back andsides, and weak sinkingspells. Three bottles ofCardui, the woman'tonic, relieved me entirely. I feel like anotherperson, now."TAKEThe Woman's TonicFor over 50 years,Cardui has been helpingto relieve women's unnecessary pains andbuilding weak women upto health and strength.It will do the same foryou, if given a fair trial.So, don't wait, but begintaking Cardui today, forits use cannot harm you,and should surely do yougood. E-72'$53iS9$ftGOOD FOR THE EYES- AND EYES 0NUTTOUR EYES are living lenses. Ifweak, dim, strained or congested,tney can be gently yet surelycleared, brightened, corrected andre invigorated by tne cleansing,healing, strengthening propertiesof EAOLE EYE SAEYE. One 25ctube PKOVES it.is SicknessA Sin? A Sin of, - . . Commissionor a Sin of Omission? Or Both?We transgress Nature's laws, the LiverBtnkes, then we omit or neglect untUwe ache or sicken.Loosen the dammed-up bile. Keep itloose with the old time-tried May AppleRoot, (JPodophylhn.) Podophyllin withthe gripe taken out is callediiI 14 iEAGLEeyeSALVEFor Sal by All Druggists.9L viu5 tilOpportunity Knocks But Once atYour Door. It is Knotking"TODAYNow is the time to think of your nextWinter's Coal.Cheaper now than any time duringthe r. Avail yourselves now.Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Mam StSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSION.CINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, July 5, 1914$.25IMBidillJlIIRoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLeaves GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.A NEAT BARBER SHOP.Mr. Carl Crawford has opened un anew and cozy barber shop at the corner of Fourth and Main streets. Newfurniture, sterilizers, hot water heaters, etc. Mr. Crawford and anothercapable barber are in charge and areready to take care of the wnts of theparticular men. Mr. Crawford invitesall his old customers and the general!public to visit him in his new place.(24-tf)the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothinar i? mnre immwrfiml: In thohome than cleir. '.teady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burn3down to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the inferiortunkwacon oil saves MONEY savesWORK saves eves.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoii Oil Co. ,Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "Xo Carb"Auto Oil.INSURANCEAGAINSTFIRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINTON,AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, se.eme.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isK soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douches'n treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused hy feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. Pinkhamiledicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have heen cured 'sayIt is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large hox, or hy mail."Hie Pgxton Toilet Co.. Boeton. Ma.J3Both Phones 140LnLRoundTripOf BOURBON rOULTKY CUREdown a chick's throat curesfapes, A lew drops in therfnking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. lexiagtaa, IjFor Sale, uy W, T. BrooksPILES! PILES! PILESWILLIXmS INDIAN RILE OINTMErWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching PrtIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and StWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, 01L. Oberu'orfer, Druggist, Parl, Ky.mmmitoOne application soothes and heals a roughM Dimplvbkin.and.wbenrepeated.quicklvefiecti.m a cure. Eczema, Erysipelas, Tetter, Ulcers andvarail skin diseases yield to its curative properties50c a box. At all Druggists.m Sand for free sample and book. "Health and Beauty111 JOHNSTON. HOLLOWAY & COm. 1730 Spring Cardan St., Fhlla., PaTTTCTTT3nLUlwllJiaiklSKin BlemishesCause By GermsGerms get under thaskin or In a brokenplace, and It is hardto set rid of them.Pus sores or pimplesfollow.DR. BELL'SAntiseptic Salvesoon destroys these germs and keeps themclean and healthy until nature heals, use It on. e J$F .llps ,n the nose anywhere, for ItIs CLEAN. PURE AND HEALING.Tell It By The Bell".-or Sale by All Druggists.Professional CardsJ. S. Wallingford, I. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,'Phones 31 PARIS, KDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street:Office Phones j ggg.E. T. 334.Home 534.ResidenceDR. A. tt KDELIiEK,'Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - Kentuckyf .25BVBWaWBV.J J. WTLIilAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAWioom 1 Elki Building. ' .i& iv, 't .- ' -XIN'o.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, JUNE 30. J 9 1491STAPLE C& FANCY00S0000000000000000G000000000000000000000000000frf0npnppPTPQf:3:ALSOAll the VegetablesOf the SeasonOUR LINE OFCanned GoodsCannot Be ExcelledIN. A. MOORE.Sauer's Old Stand8 Pans Odorless Cleaning Co, tLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your' clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.0 AH Work Guaranteed satisfactory5 Men's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedjto your satisfaction.1 We Call For and Deliver Work.I Call up E. T. Phone 40. 'I Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.5 White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c. .w000HUERTA'S DAILY ROUTINE ISA ROUND OF SALOONS.OThe Sherwin-Williams Buggy Paintwas originally made for re-painting and re-finishingold buggies, and combines all the toughness, durability, and strength of color necessary to withstandthe hard wear a buggy gets. ThereJsno other paintfor the purpose as good and economical.It's splendid wearing qualities make it alsoadaptable for painting porch and lawn furniture andall articles subject to outside exposure where astrong, gloss finish is wanted.SOLD BYC. A. DAUGHERTYe(New York World.)Those having other than secretbusiness with General Huerta in Mexico City have learned better than toseek him in his office in the Palace.He has preferred the cafes for hisconferences and interviews. Severalof these resorts have enjoyed his favor, to each of which has been assigned its special function as the dailyrounds proceed. The routine became so regular that interruptionfrom any cause instantly started rumors that Huerta had taken flight.His practice has been to start theday with a drink of cognac, his. favorite tipple, in the Laze Mercantile,about 8:30 o'clock in the morning.That is too early an hour for anything except preparatory seasoningfor the day's work, and no one ventured to disturb Huerta there withaffairs of state. An hour or so laterhe drives to the Chapultepec Cafe, togive audience to diplomats who wishto see him. That has been the onlyplace where the foreign representatives were welcome. Cognac accompanies all the conferences there, andHuerta has been accessible to diplomats until Vbout midday.The Cafe Colon, in Avenue Reforma,is his next stopping place. He dropsin there after luncheon and passes anhour or so sociably or in transactingsuch business as government officialsbring to him, with cogac accompaniment. That refreshments equipsHuerta for whatever tasks have beenreserved for transaction in private.If business is done in the afternoonhours it is so confidential that othingconcerning it ever gets ouside.By evening Huerta appears at theGlobo, known otherwise as the Dulceria Parisienne, in San Franciscoavenue, looking habitually as if hehad enjoyed a good rest. The attendants there serve cognac to him froma teapot, and from 6:30 o'clock in theevening until 8:30 he receives newspaper correspondents and other writers, and affably answers their questions. Following this visit, Huertausually makes a second visit to theColon, where his Ministers, editorsand official and other persons haveeasy access to him through the evening. The Colon is his regular resort, andoften he may be found there until 2o'clock in the morning, although henow and then drops in at the CirculoAsturlano, the exclusive Spanish clubin Tecuba street.Huerta has kept up this round ofcafes ever since he came into powerin Mexico City. He is not at all reluctant to show himself in public andmingle in mixed company, actingsometimes as if he thought thatcourse his best protection. Probablythe most important affairs with whichhe must deal are not settled in suchpublic places, but Huerta would bequite willing to have the public suppose him ready to talk in the openupon any subject, priding himself onbeing "just a plain old Indian" and amodel Democrat. He makes a practice, in these places, of deliveringhimself of his purpose to stand firmto the last.HOT WEATHER TONICAND HEALTH BUILDER.Are you run down nervous tired?Is every thing you do an effort? Youare not lazy you are sick! YourStomach, Liver, Kidneys, and wholesystem need a Tonic. A Tonic andHealth Builder to drive out the wastematter build you up and renew yourstrength. Nothing better than Electric Bitters. Start to-day. Mrs. Jas.Duncan, Haj'nesville, Me., writes:"Completely cured me after severaldoctors gave me up." 50c and $1.00,at your druggist.Bucklin's Arnica Salve for Cuts.(June)MAN WHO PERSONALLY KNEWVILLA WHEN HE WAS PEON.'H'?'3"iMH.frfr-frfrfr'frfrfrfrfrtM,,j,,TEXCURSIONWEDNESDAY, JULY 1, 1914VIA"CAROLINA SPECIAL"TO"Land of the Sky" and "Sapphire Country,"i MOUNTAINS OF' WESTERN NORTH CAROLINARound Trip Fares from Lexington, Ky.ASHVILLE, N. C $9.00WAYNESVILLE, N. C 10.00HENDERSONVILLE, N. C . 10.00LAKE TOKAWAY, N. C 11.00VARIABLE ROUTE FARESOpportunity of going or returning via Chattanooga hkloricLookout Mountain enroute to or from final destiantion, $1.50 additlonal. iReturnlLimit 'July 16, 1914.,STOP-OVERS.Stop-overs will be permitted within final return limit of ticketat Knoxville, Tenn., arid points east thereof.Stop-overs will be permitted at hCattnooga, Tenn., on ticketsrouted via that point4IA man who recently had occasionto interview President Wilson saysthat never in all his experience washe so amazed as at the manner inwhich President Wilson, eulogizedVilla."The President seems to have theutmost confidence, in Villa and praiseshim in the strongest terms," he stated, "and this is hard for anyone tounderstand who has been in Mexico."I personally knew Villa when hewas nothing more than a mule teamdriver at one of the oil camps, andhave followed his actions closelyever since. He is a typical Mexicanpeon, and anyone who knows anything about Mexico knows what apeon is. Let Villa and his followersget into power in Mexico and it willtake all the strength of America'sarmed forces to straighten things out."Secretry Bryan thinks Mr. Villa isa very fine man, indeed, because heneither drinks or smokes."DOING THEIR PART.The Jew is still doing his part inevery phase of our national life. Oneaf the 19 boys killed in the captureof VeraCruz by American marines,was Sam Meisenburg, a young Jewof Chicago. When his body wasbrought back to Chicago for burial,the crowd at the funeral was so greatthat a panic was created in the cityhall and many people were injured inthe crash. Harrodsburg Herald.INDIGESTION AND CONSTIPATION"About five years ago I began taking Chamberlain's Tablets after suffering from indigestion and constipation for years without finding anything to relieve me. Chamberlain'stablets helped me at once and by using them for several weeks I wascured of the complaint," writes Mrs.Mary E. McMullen, Phelps, N. Y. Forsale by all dealers.(June)To keep pins clean a new receptable covers them with a glass dome,which, on being turned, drops a fewat a time upon a tray.FIRST CLASS SERVICE ATFREEMAN'S BARBER SHOP.Having engaged the service of LouisLivers, an experienced barber, I amnow prepared to handle my trade andgive the most thorough satisfaction.Give me a call and be convinced.BUCK FREEMAN.$2.00! Special This Week!1 ELECTRIC IRONSStoves, RangesX and Appliances.1 Spicer &Gilchrist,Plumbing and ElecContractors.Elks' BuildingE.T. Phone, 103Home Phone, 101FIREPROOFCannot burn never leak look well andare inexpensive. They cover the best homes,churches, schools and public buildings all"overthe country.For Sale by,BEST & HAWKINS, MMIersbprg, Kentucky.Safe InvestmentT-win.BrosGives advice to all the people of Parisand Bourbon County to invest their moneyinClothing, Shoes,Hats, Caps,Underwear, Etc.They will give you one hundred cents onthe dollar on your merchandise investmentCall in and see them.L. WOLLSTEIN, Prop.I 11 Ul B B fl JIB m W B aHMMMiMrTyres!Need lyres!THE REASON A GEORGIATOWN VOTED FOR SALOONSA Georgia town has voted in favorof saloons and here is the reasoniven by a citizen: "If we are goingto stand for our women folks wearingshadow skirts, and slit skirts, andtransparent skirts, and our youngerwomen learning to dance the bollweevil, the Texas Tommy tango, thebunny hug, the bear dance, the halfcenter, the buzzard flop, the puppyhuddle, and so on down the line, thenthe men folk might just as vtell havetheir saloons and the whole push goto hell together."Tickets good on "California Special"leaving Lexington 9:45 p. m., also onall other regular trains July 1.HsnniFull information, booklets and sleeping car reservations o anpplication.(C N. O. & T. P. RY.)andSOUTHERN RAILWAYApply to nearest Ticket Agent or H.C. King, Passenger and TicketAgent, 101 E. Main Street, Phorre 49Lexington, Ky.W. A. BECKER, General Passenger Agent.8I5ONE WEEK ONLYWonderfulMoney Saving Saleon High Grade Tyres(Guaranteed Milage).Yflll nee investigate this ex"" traordinary proposition. Itmeans money in your pocket.Poll upon, WRITE or PHONEUdll (539) our dealer,Dickerson GarageS Supply Co.4-iff.PARIS, KENTUCKYSOMEBODY'S CONSCIENCE loGIVING HIM TROUBLE.Secretary of Treasury McAdoo received 6,300 contribution to the conscience fund Tuesday from somebodyin Burlington, Iowa. There was noclue to the identity of the sender.Nearly halt a million dollars has foundfound its way Tack to the governmentin that mysterious fashion.Sixty dollars was the cost of eaurip. p.olozne asked bv the citv of Toulouse in preparing for a visit fromHHfrfrjllH.,Hif.fi.fl President Poincare, of FranceLTen Broeck Tyre & Rubber Co., Day and Night224.,E. Main St, Lexington Ky. FREE Service..I'.I''I"l"M"l"l"M'WV-' rTHE BOURBQNNEWS, PARIS, KY., JUNE 30 1914mr.lffU-!,'Khft4UMi;WII.-!LlfLiif1'MANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce Hon.C M. Thomas as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Congressman at the August primary, to belield in this county on Saturday,August 1, 1914. -STOCK AND FARM NOTES.The finest lot of lambs that wasever raised in Lincoln County, Ky.,ds now being delivered at good prices,Giltner Bros., Eminence, Ky., reprot the sale of a 4-year-old 1 5hand"black, registered jack, extra quality tothe United Fruit Co., of Port Limon,Costa Rica.Despite .the rush of wheat hardest, Kansas farmers were obliged toquit the fields during the afternoonson account of the excessive heat andmany prostrations were reported.Bonta Bros., Harrodsburg, Ky.,Tiegan. cutting their 800 acres of wheat.Monday of last week and put in tenbinders to do the job. It is believedthat the wheat will average from 25 to40 bushels an acre.The members of the Warren County, Ky., Peach Growers' Associationmet in Bowling Green last Mondayand gave an order to a Jacksonville,-Texas, firm for 5,000 shipping baskets.Giltner Bros., Eminence, Ky., soldtwo registered Holstein bulls, eighteen months old, well bred and goodones to the Postosi Land and SugarCo., of Cuba.For violating the law that prohibits the confinement of live stock formore than twenty-eight hours without"unloading for feed, water and rest,lour more railroads have been finedthis month a total of $3,000, and insome instances additional costs, acjcording to recent announcements ofthe United States Department of Agriculture. Dr. S. P. Musselman, of Cynthiana, Ky., has been elected State Veterinarian by the State Live StockSanitary Board, at Louisville. It is anew office created at the last Legislature to administer, the live stock lawson a new and more rigorous basis,and carries with it the handsome salary of $2,000 a year and traveling expenses. . .'-The Bowling Green, Mo., fair hasbeen called off by the Board of Directors on account of crop conditions; and Jthe dry weather. The dates wereAugust 18 to 21.The Suckling Mule Colt Stake and:tb.e Capital Jack Stake at the Montgomery County Fair at Mt. Serling,July 21-25 which are among the largest and stakes everoffered at a county fair for this class ofstock, haveboth been filled. The mule Colts willTse shown the first day and the jackson the sceond; $300, divided into sixmonies, is hung up in the sucklingmule class and 250 divided into fivemoneys in the jack class.A large number of the farmers ofWarren County, Ky., do not proposek to sell their wheat for seventy-fivend eighty cents a bushel, but ratherthaa do 0, will after it is threshedxum. it through a machine that cracksit and will feed it to the hogs. Inthat way the farmers say they willget $1.25 and $1.50 for it.DEATHSDOW.The body of Mr. Ellsworth Dow,who died in Carlsbad, New Mexico,did not arrive here Friday, as expected, owing to delays and missed railroad connections enroute. The funeralwas held Sunday afternoon.McKINNEY.Mrs. Geo. N. McKinnney, widow offormer Patrolman Geo. N. McKinney,of Paris, who was killed in the L. &N. yards in this city five weeks ago,died at the home of her daughter,Mrs. J. W. Brandenburg, in. Winchester, Sunday. Mrs. McKimmey wassixty-four years of age. She is survived by four sons D. H. McKinney,ter, Sunday. Mrs. McKinney wasMcKinney, of Paris; two daughters,Mrs. Edward Brown, of Bedwell, andMrs. Brandenburg.The body will arrive here on the3:30 train from Winchester, and theburial will take place in the Pariscemetery. The pall-bearers will beDr. F. M. Faries, E. B. January, C. P.Mann, Jas. Moreland and Fred Link.NICHOLS.Mrs. Thos. Nichols, aged 44 years,died Sunday morning at his home onthe Bethlehem pike, as the result ofpneumonia, following an attack of typhoid fever, from which he had justconvalesced.Mr. Nichols was a son of the lateT. J. Nichols, who was killed severalyears ago in a railroad accident nearMuir. He is survived by his mother,Mrs. Julia Nichols with whom helived; one sister, Mrs. Forrest Letton,and two brothers, John Nichols, ofBourbon, and S. Kenney Nichols, ofthis city.The funeral services were held atthe grave in the Lexington Cemeteryyesterday afternoon, conducted byEld. W. E. Ellis, of the Paris, Christian Church. The pall-bearers wereRobt. Meteer, Custis Talbott, C. V.Higgins, Marion Hall, W. S. Smithand Forrest Letton.BROWN.A telegram was received Saturday by Mr. John Brown, of -SouthMain Street, announcing the death ofhis son, Robert S. Brown, which occurred at St. Joseph, Mo. Mr. Brownwas about fifty years of age, andfromerly lived in this city, but in early life went to Kansas City, where hetook a prominent position in the bigdry goods house of Bullene, Moore &Emory, thence to St. Joseph, where hehaas resided for the past twenty-sevenyears. The last two years of his lifewere spent in Florida and Minnesotain a vain effort to recover his health.In 1912, Mr. Brown was married toMiss Ella Carty, of St. Joseph, whosurvives him. Besides his wife andfather, Mr. Brown is survived by abrother, Mr. Geoffery Brown, of thiscity.The body reached Paris Sundaymorning, and was buried from hisfather's residence yesterday morningat 10 o'clock.MATRMONALOLD BUTTON.ANDERSON FOSTER.Prof. L. C. Anderson and MissMaud Foster, teacher at K. C. and B.College, North Middletown, last session, who are now spending their vacations at their homes in Lebanon,Indiana, will be married July 22d..They will return in September andmake their home at Mrs. Dana Bean'sin North Middletown. They will bothteach again in the K. C. and B. College."WHAT DO YOU KNOW?"."DON'T .KNOW A THING."' When the editor of a country newspaper starts in on Monday morning toget up something for his paper in theway of interesting local news andfinds after nosing around that nothinghas happened in the town or communitty that he can frame a write-up of,and nobody 'phones in any personalor local news, and every fellow t hetalks to says, "I don't know a thing,"and 'his liver, is not working and heI feels as though he had just as soontake a round with Huerta as to go towork, that's the time he would like toturn the job over to the Smart Aleckwho thinks hec ould get up a betterpaper than the editor and not halfl try.RUSSIA, JAPAN AND MEXICOALLEGED TO BE AGAINST U. S.! The Novo Vremya, of St. Petersburg, intimates that a triple entente isbeing negotiated between Russia, Ja-j pan and Mexico against the UnitedStates. One article deals With the recent visit of General Soukhomlinoffto the Far East and hints, as a resulttherof, at the possibility of an entente between Russia and Japan."MAD KING'S SUIT" WORTH$20,000, NOW IN AMERICA.The New York customs house hasin its temporary possession a suit ofclothes and chapeau that would maket Joseph's coat look like a comic operacostume. Custom officials took itfrom the Red Star liner Zeeland tothe appraisers' stores. It is decorated with gold, silver ind pearls and isvalued at $20,000. Miss Anita Koeckbrought the suit from Stuttgart. Shehas affidavits to prove that it wasmade to order for the mad king ofBavaria, who died last year. She saysshe had hoped to sell the suit to thelate J. Pierpont Morgan. She nowhopes to place it on show in Fifth avenue. There are said to be 8,000 genuine pearls, set in the solid gold andsilver embroidery on the coat. It isprobably the most valuable suit ofclothes ever imported.CARD OF THANKS.The 'depositors of the Geo. Alexander Bank, desire to extend theirthanks to Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn, for the use of the CatholicClub Rooms on last Friday."PUSILLANIMOUS!"Silas Brock, of Fort Worth, Texas,who is visiting his cousin, ex-SheriffW. O. Brock, has a copper button inhis possession which is priceless tohim and is perhaps one of the mostvaluable relics in the United States.It was taken from the coat of LordCornwallis on the 19th of October,17J6, when the English General surrendered 8,000 troops at Yorktown tothe American soldiers commanded byWashington. The button is highlyprized by Mr. Brock, and has beenhanded down by succeeding generations of the Brock family. Brock isthe youngest of the family of Johnstinne Brock, who died near the Kentucky River in Clark County, April 29,1870. At the time of his death thesenior Brock was 95 years old. Theold gentleman was born in CapbellCounty, Va., April 8, 1776, threemonths before the Declaration of Independence. Johnstinne Brock cameinto possession of the buttonand the coat from which it was taken,fourteen years after Lord Cornwallissurrendered. Just before the surrender Cornwallis turned over to a trusted servant his ship's coat, as a recognition of the servant's faithfulness inlooking after the general's clothing.Johnstinne Brock married FrancisShackleford December 2, 1798. Shewas the daughter of Rev. WilliamWright, of Virginia. She died August13, 1863, over 90 years of age. To theabove union seven children were born,five of whom were still living at hisdeath, the oldest son being 71 yearsold, the yeoungest 55. JohnstinneBrock lived to see his grandson, Simpson W. Brock, a father, making thefifth generation. He was an ardentJackson Democrat. Johnstinne Brockwas a greatgrandfather of SheriffBrock, and came here from Virginiain his early manhood. WinchesterDemocrat."NO FREE PRESS.Members of the Virginia Press Association were in Washington, Saturday on a sight-seeing trip after theirannual banquet in Alexandria, Va.,which was featured by an address byVice President Marshall. The VicePresident asserted that there was nofree speech, in that no man can saywhat he pleases without paying ' theprice.If you must have a pet, get a pig.Dr. D. T. Quigley, of North Platte,Neb., says they're healthier than anyother pets.A pistol which looks like a watch,the barrel being in the stem, hasbeen patented to be used against ahighwayman when he demands thesurrender or valuables.Painless extinction of old men waspredicted in London by the vicar ofCarlsbrook, Tuesday. They are of nouse, he said, but old women are goodto mind children or darn socks.Former U. S. Senator J. B. Foraker !severely criticised the attitude ofPresident Wilson in the Mexican situation at the G. A. R. encampment atEast Liverpool, Ohio, Wednesdayevening. He said the President's conduct was "nonsensical" and "pusillan-mous."H. M. HAMILTONVETERINARIANOffice, Butler's Drug StorePhones 261. Residence phones:Cumberland 246, Home 449.PARIS, KY.oIWMWfdLIili I Co.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, KentuckyOur Great Semi-AnnualClearance Sale1 NOW GOING ON.Such Savings As Are Offered ByThis Clearance Sale Are Extraordinary. Coming in the very heart of the season, thisgreat Semi-Annual Sale is of supreme importanceto every voraan in and near Lexington. The lowprices it offers would be remarkable at any time,but they are particularly so at this time of the year.This is the sale that is always anticipated by ourpatrons in Lexington and all over Central Kentucky.They have come to recognize it as the one big valuegiving event of the season.Spring and Summer merchandise in highest demand is included in this sale the very goods neededfor present and future use and the prices are substantially less than equal quality sells for regularlyin Lexington.There are no words strong enough for us to usein urging you to come to this Semi-Annual ClearanceSale.HI Wolf, Wile & Co. I:jfiormerly Jaufmanj Straus dc Co.lMMMMBMBWlBMMMBMBBEBMBaaBMMBMMMMMMMBMBMi1 1BIGSUMMERCLEARANCE SALEBEGINS THURSDAY, JULY 2nd.ln7r!r.!.ILii h o! OUIir Clc3rance Sales have we been able to off eras many desirable bargains as this year. Our!.j? ?'" f1'! sone entirely and cost cut in half on many of these Mid-Summer Bargains. Come in and lookaround; you'll surely find what you want. Terms of Sale, Cash. READY-TO-WEAR GARMENTS of eveVv kindo ?nthis SNot a single garment but will be marked at a big reduction in price. " - vrtrvicix i or every Kind go in this SaleWhite Serge SuitsStaple Styles, each $5,00500 Waists-Mid-Summer Style, $1.50 grade now. 1, .OO50 New Crepe, Chiffon and SilkIT j- W ZllSiTS . "T- ww "--' V-' - - ' -.-- Jf9tt-"" i. - J ' IT fc t- - r --v-' """ "V -s. ".w -vX ssRegular-price $5.00 to $7.50; now. eacb..vr,'.'3'.T5'Misses' and Ladies' Serge StiltsThis season's styles, extra values, each 5.00Moire and Poplin SuitsBegular $25.00 values, now, each 9.95Extra SpecialsThe following desirable SummerFabrics at cost and in many casesone - third to one - half of regularwholesale cost:Foulard Silks, regular 90c grade, sale price, yd 49c50c grade, pec yard. . . - .- ; i5c110.00 BrocadeT-Crepe Dress Patterns., r . . ..$5.00$15.oaBrocacle Crepe.Dress Patterns. $77550c Wool Shallieall new patterns 39c$1.25 Ratine Linens '. t 79c75c Ratines and Linens '. - 38c50c Ratines and Linens 29c25c Fancy Crepes 1 5c15c Fancy Crepes 1 Oc$1.00Buys One of Our Special Gingham or LawnDresses.If you've never had one of these dresses you shouldcome in and try one for comfort, fit and style. Theycan't be beat.Special Summer Prices on Wool and CottonBlankets, Bed Spreads and Curtains.-0Muslin UnderwearMadeljn everyv .desirable summer styteout of the sheerest"'uuvi,u' uaniwcat Luuiuuugs an go m tnis saie.Every Summer Dress That Sold Formerly at$3. 00 to $6. 00 Each, Now $1. 95 Each.Choice of Trimmed Hats at Just One-Half ofRegular Marked Price.We assure you that this sale will be theBanner Summer Sale and well worthyour attending.FRANK & Oft Iyti ' Sfr ' -- --ct r" f V ;' T-. '. vTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCRY, JUNE 30 1914rw .. v":' -v "-- ?r"((:j$k!IS?bwwitI fHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINE& MADETobacco insuranceagainst hail. SeeRoxie Davis. 26tfRECEIVER'S SALE OF SHOES.A tremendous slashing ofprices on shoes of the stockof Geo. vlcWilliams, beginningThursday, June 2, at 9 a. m.J. W- Davis & Co.iiisoNOPERSONALPARTNERSHIP BUSINESS GOESINTO VOLUNTARY LIQUIDATIONThe Bourbon Bank and Trust Co.fs named, in papers executed by Geo.VlcWilliams, the shoe man, as agentio take charge of and wind up thebusiness of the firm. The act is oneof voluntary liquidation, to close outan existing partnership. The work ofinvoicing is now going on.LEAVE FOR EXTENDEDVACATION IN THE NORTH.Mr. and Mrs. John Christopherson,children and nurse, of North Middletown, leave on their vacation June 29.They will go to Wisconsin in theirnew Studebaker car, to be gone aboutthree weeks. Mr. Christopherson will-tisit Minneapolis before his returnand hopes to do some real fishing inthe chain of lakes in Northern Wisconsin.L. & N. WOKMEN ERECTING BLOK SIGNAL SYSTEMA large force of workmen were engaged last week in the. building offoundations on the line of the L. &X. in tis city, for the new block signal system which is being installed bythe company. The work here is1 being done under the supervision ofGeneral Foreman B. Hizar, of Louisville. The system will be built fromCincinnati to Livingston, and on toKnoxville.NO BOURBON COUNTY FAIRWILL BE HELD THIS YEAR.A called meeting of the Directors ofthe Bourbon Agricultural Society washeld at the Court House, Saturday afternoon to consider the matter ofholding a fair on the society'sgrounds this fall. After discussion ofconditions existing in the city andcounty, and in view of the lack of interest manifested by the public, it wasdecided, following a motion made byMr. John T. Hinton and seconded byMr. John T. Collins, upon a unanimous vote of the Directfirs, to holdno fair this year.REBEIVER'S SALE OE SHOESOf the entire stock of Geo.McWilSiams, starts July 2, at9 a. m.Bourbon Bank & Trust Co.FAREWELL SERVICE TENDEREDRETIRING Y. M. C. A. SECRETARY.At the Baptist Church, Sundayn.orning, the pastor, Rev. O. R. Mans?um, preached on the subject"Timeliness and Beauty."t night there was a short sermon,after which there was a farewell service for Mr. Charles M. Griffiin, Y. M.C. A. Secretary, who leaves for Jacksonville, Miss.Mr. Henry Power spoke on behalfof the Y. M. C. A.; Mr. C. O. Hintonfor the Sunday School; and the pastor for the church.Mr. Griniin gave a parting messageto the people in Paris.SUNDAY FIRE DESTROYS STABLEAND THREATENS RESIDENCESparks from a passing L. & N. ensine in the Duncan Avenue cut Sunday afternoon is the supposed originof a fire that destroyed a large stablein the rear of Mr? Wade Whitley's residence, on Vine street. Sparks fromthe burning stable set fire to the garage of Mr. Arthur Hancock, adjoiningthe Whitley stable, but prompt actionsaved the building. A high wind wasblowing at the time, and only hardand excellent work by the fire- department in the face of the gale saved theWhitley residence. Sparks from thefire fell on neighboring houses butwere soon extinguished without doingany damage.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.DEPOSITORS OF ALEXANDERBANK HOLD MEETING.About one hundred depositors xthe George Alexander State Bank,closed some weeks ago by orderof the State Banking Commissioner,held a meeting at the Catholic ClubRooms, on High Street, Friday afternoon, pursuant io a call signed by.fourteen of the members and attorney John Williams, of this city, whohas been appointed by State BankingCommissioner T. J. Smith, to look after the interests of he creditors ofthe, bank, acted as chairman andspokesman of the meeting, artd as aresult of his remarks a committee,composed of J. R. Stivers, J.W. Larkin and J. F. Wetherall, was appointed to meet here this week in conference with Judge John M. Lassing,"who also has been appointed by theState Banking Commission, in orderto decide what action it will be necessary to take against the Directorsof the banlc in order to recover theirlosses, and when such action shall betaken, if at all.Miss Eleanor Clay is a gust ofMiss Vella Karrick, in Lexington.Miss Allie Rose has gone to Harrison County for a visit with friends.Mrs. Samuel Summers has goneto Elizaville for a visit with Mrs. W.E. Price.Mrs. Carl C. Robbins, of Winchester, was a guest of relatives in thiscity Sunday.Mrs. Robert Hunt, of Jacksonville,Fla., is visiting Mrs. Kelly Haley,near Ccnterville.Mrs. J. W. Grinnan has returnedfrom a visit with Mrs. Edward E.Adam, in Richmond.Mrs. Mary Liston has returnedto Maysville, after a visit with relatives in Nicholasville.Miss Olive Chambers has returned from a visit to her father, Mr. J. B.Chambers, in Nicholasville.Mrs. Taylor Chandler has returned from a visit with Rev. and Mrs.-M.T. Chandler, in Cynthiana.Mrs. Charlotte Davis has returned to Lexington after a few days'visit with Miss Anna Davis.Miss Matilda James' was the guestof Miss Evelyn Smith, in Maysville,and attended the dance at BeechwoodPark.Mrs. Edward S. Jouett, of Louisville, who has been a guest of herdaughter Mrs. Withers Davis, returned home Friday.Mrs. Bettie Mitchell, of Chattanooga, is visiting Mrs. Bettie Brown,on Cypress Street, and other friends.Miss Ola Rogers, of Mt. Sterling,has been a guest several days of hercousin, Mrs. Frank Byrd, in this city.Mayor Kinzea Stone and Editor F.M. Thompson, of the GeorgetownNews, were visitors in Paris, Saturday. Mrs. C. O. Hinton arid littledaughter have returned from a visitwith Mrs. James McClure, at Boston,Mass.Mrs. Kate Chambers is sufferingfrom the effects of a fall sustaineda few days ago at her home on Duncan avenue.Misses Louise Steele and AnnWilson have gone to Maysville for avisit at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Henry Pogue.John Lockhart Davis, the handsome little son of Mr. and Mrs. JohnF. Davis, is quite ill at their home onVine Street.Prof. W. O. Stackhouse, formerteacher in the Paris High School, wasa visitor in "Paris Sunday, as a guestof Prof. J. S. Johnson .Miss Jessie Mae Ockerman visited Misses Mabel and Lulah Lyons, inLexington, this week, and attendedthe Hawkins-Young wedding Thursday evening.Mrs. Margaret McDermott anddaughter, Miss Nora McDermott, andgrandson, Master Fred McDermott,left Saturday morning for Louisville,where they will make their futurehome.Mrs. Amanda Spurgeon and twochildren, of Haughville, Ind., and Mrs.Laura Brammel and two children, ofMaysville, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.H. P. Brammel, near Paris.Mrs. S. W. Wills, of Winchester,was the guest of her sister, Mrs. C.A. McMillan, on Stoner Avenue, sevetral days the past week.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Kidd, whohave been guests of Miss Mary Layton, on South Main Street, have returned to their home in Wichita,Kans.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. A. Duncan !and little daughters, Misses Ann jRutherford and Katherine Duncan, Ihave gone to Nashville, Tenn., for a jvisit with Mr. and Mrs. Henry Dun- jcan. iiDr. and Mrs. Trapnell, of Pointan Rocks, Maryland, are at the bed-!side of Mrs. Trapnell's sister, Mrs. jTherese Hibler, who continues seriously ill. iMiss Eleanor Lytle has "gone toMaysville, to visit her grandmother, jMrs. J. V. Lytle. She will spend sev-1eral weeks in Cincinnati visiting heraunt, Mrs. Henry Funk, before returning home.Mr. Cassius M. Clay, who has jbeen attending the Taft School atWatertown, Conn., returned Saturdayto spend his vacation with his moher,Mrs. C. M. Clay, and brother, Mr. JohnHarris Clay.Miss Kate Alexander left yesterdaymorning for Cincinnati, where shewill reside in .the future. Miss Alexander will make a study of the life insurance business with the UnionLife Insurance Company.Miss Lillian Mason, of the county,who has been elected as grammarschool instructor at K. C. and B. Col-ledge, in North Middletown, is taking!a summer course at the Eastern Kentucky Normal School at Richmond.Among the welcome visitors herelast week attended the Epworth !League sesion, were Rev. and Mrs. O.IB. Crockett, of Nicholasville. Rev.Crockett was formerly pastor of thethe Paris Methodist Church, and uni.versally popular. - "v Miss Anna Eads Peed entertaineda number of friends with, a card partyat the home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. D. W. Pped, on South Mainstreet. The occasion was given inhonor of 'Miss Peed's guest, MissLouise Hunter, of Richmond, Va.Mr. and Mrs. Otho Weaver, ofSan Antonio, Texas, are guests of hisbrother, Dr. A. D. Weaver, at NorthMiddletown, and sister Miss AnnaWeaver, also of North Middletown.Mr. Weaver was there seven yearsago and saw his brother, Dr. Weaver,but his sister, Miss Annie, was in theWest at the time and missed him.They had not seen each other for 57years.IMPERIAL ENCAMPMENT I. 0. O.F. ELECT NEW OFFICERS.At a regular meeting of ImperialEncampment, I. O. 0. F., the electionof officers for the ensuing year resulted as follows:Chief Patriot Geo. M. Bedford.Senior Warden Clinton J. Hartley.High Priest James T. Hill.Junior Warden Wm. T. Stewart.Treasurer Lawrence M. VanHook.Scribe George B. Minter.Host C. W. Fothergill.Installation Wednesday night, byDistrict Deputy A. L. Slicer.EVERYTHING A BARGAINATTENTION, OWLS!An important business meeting ofthe Paris Lodge of Owls will be heldat their lodge rooms on to-morrow(Wednesday) night, ' July 1. Everymember is requested to attend.RECEIVERS SALE OF SHOES.The entire stock of shoeswill be sold at sacrifice prices.Sale starts Thursday, July 2.Bourbon Bank& Trust Co.Having been away from my sforenearly five weeks, I am going to makeup some loss of time by increasingsales for the next two weeks or until July 1st. Everything will be soldat greatly reduced prices and if youwant anything in my store just comein and see how low it will be priced.This includes Cut Glas, Hand-paintedChina, Dining Sets, Soaps, Perfumes,Toilet Articles, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, etc.CHAS. E. BUTLER,Opp. Court House, Paris, Ky.FOR RENT.House of four rooms, pantry andgarden, on Winchester street. Apply to30-2t MRS. H. A. BUTLER.IW. Ed Tucker'sBIG8ummeISlearancesaleBOURBON AERIE EAGLES WILLFLY HIGH WEDNESDAY.Bourbon Aerie No. 1781 will hold itsregular monthly meeting on Wednesday evening, July 1, at 7:30 at whichtime there will be several candidatesinitiated. After the initiation, theAetrie will hold a social session. ,Meeting called to order at 7:30s lis. Ft)) HARRY SALOSHIN,Acting Secretary.FOR RENTTwo nicely furnished roms. Tableboard if desired. Apply toMRS. A. J. MYERS,30-lt High Street, bet. 8Jh and 9th.FOR SALE.Building lot 50x150, on Cyprsssin Rosedale Addition. Apply,(30-3t) E. T. PHONE 776.PORCH SHADES.We sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.(5-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.3Writing Paper :You'll Like.9 99S We "have all that's best 2flnri latest: m statmnprv8 For instance, you want8 a box of paper for 25c.We have the newest infine French fabric papers8 at that price. These arehandsome packages offirst-class steck, and the8 25c price means that webuy right- JFor 50c we hav Ber-8 lins Madras box paper in 8fine colors. Positively Jthe latest thing in sta-8 tionery, and that you can 8J get nowhere else for the Jmoney.8 Our 10c boxes are the 2J best going for the price. 29 24 sheets of paper and 242 envelopes to the box. 22 People's Pharmacy 2FOR SALE.Lady or Children's Pony, new Trapand Harness.30-2t W. C. DODSON. !Begins Monday, July 6th,Ends Saturday, July 18th.Two Weeks of Bargain Giving. Don't Miss It.:W. Ed Tucker.I Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.FOUNDA motorcycle lamp. Owner can getsame by proving property and payingcharges of advertising. Apply at theBourbon News office.Strayed or Stolen.A suitable reward will be paid forinformation lealing to recovery ofmy two bird dogs, which are missing.One a white setter bitch with bob tail,and a black and white spotted dog.GRANT OVERBY,(26-3t) Parfis, Ky.Public SaleAe Administrator of Mrs. W. C.TJssery, I will sell at public auctionat the Dow Building on Main Street,SATURDAY, JULY 4 at 2 p. m.,a choice lot of Carpets, Rugs, Household Furniture, etc.(30-2t) VOLNEY. W. FERGUSON.eTVJ oJr.rII HOT WEHTHEB SPECIALSix Iced Tea Glasses,Six Iced Tea Spoonsand Six Coasters-Alvlv FOR$4.50V. O. HINTONmtPARIS, KY,9 T-.,.i ti;ii;vi Qfi, ,i -tv.; 9XJKJ Jl. UUUUlll gUUl CW1U J.liU.111. ffc'Watch Our Windows."99 9WE ARE HEADQUARTERS.We a headquarters for the bestParis Green Bug Brand.BTJTLER'S DRUG STORE,Opp. Court House.The Vest PocketKODAKis a miniature in size, but a thoroughly cabable. durable, practical and e&cient camera.Takes - pictures 15-8x2 1-2inches, and of such' good definition that enlargements-may bemade to any reasonable size.Loads in daylight with Kodakfilm cartridges for eight exposures. Lustrous black finish. -Price, $6.00.DaughertyBros,9 II If 1 If 1 ii IITHE J. T. HINTON CO.OODSiReduction For This Week.WATCH WINDOW!See Our Line of Porch Shades, Porch Furniture, (CrexRugs, Refrigerators, Go-Carts, Hammocks.Wall Paper Almost At Cost !Can Hans It At Once,.f-'TV "mJuJUST RECEIVEDSeveral bales of Felt Mat-tresses. Good for cool or Rot nights. Very close prices Jon these.Vl"' . vAnything You Want in Furniture!.. Cheap, Medium or Fine.i&r f?r iPicture Moulding and Frames Made to Order.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance Wood MantelsMiMiMimnmnummm uniMinimii) "M1--TsV .VTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KY., JUNE 30, 1914iI45wT'"!tilIr)r.1s ,M)!'I1 M icni0anMill and - br ilMl III II1 Hi:C iCANADAThe land of lakes and cool breezes.An ideal place to spend your vacation. -$Let one of our passenger representa-tives help you plan your trip. No Sjobligation whatever and you will beassured of excellent transportation Jfacilities and courteous treatment. TfjCOMBINATIONRAIL, LAKE and OCEAN TRIPSWITH OPPORTUNITY OF VISITINGDetroit - Niagara Falls - Toronto - Montreal - QuebecNew York - Boston and many interesting placesLOW FARES LONd LIMITS LIBERAL STOP-OVERSCall on your local agent or addressP. C BENEDICT, D. P. A. or F. P. WADE, T. P. A.Fifth and Walcut Sts., Cincinnati, O.Illustrated Tour Books on applicationIlIliHIIIIIHIII llllllll 1 II11HI tllllllftllllllll llllll 1111111f"M"I"I''I"M"I''I'! T. A.5HENDRICKSRepresentingThe Higgin Manufacturing Co-Window and Door EquipmentsOur Business.All Metal Window Screens, All Metaf Weather Strips,Window Ventilators.Walger Awnings, the Best in the World.Automatic Door Checks everything in window anddoor perfection. Estimates furnished on large or smallcontracts. LET US FIGURE WITH YOU. Drop us a postalor call over the phone and we will send a representative tosde you.m Hundreds in Bourbon County to Jefer you to as to thesatisfaction we have given our customers in Paris andvicinity.T. A. HENDRICKS,An OrdinanceOrdering the Improvement ofMain Street, in the City ofParis, Ky., from the South.Side of Tenth Street to theNorth Side of Bank Row,with B tulithic Paving.264 Rand AvenueLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYTelephone 2585..c Xoon :fO ? cosnraiGHTcalVGreatBargainSaleNowGoing On!Greater Bargains than youhave ever be' fore heard of inParis.KINDLY CALL 'ATTwin Dies. Depaiit in Sloie,' Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.PAK1S 1NTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.JLVe. Court House.1M a. m7:45 & m8.15 & mJL45 & mf.15 m9.45 a mli.15 a mIMS a m1115 am1 11.45 m12.00 ia1:45 j) mX15 p m1.45 p m2.15 p m2.45 p m3.15 p m, 3.45 p m4.15 p m5.15 p m5.40 p mM p m'jj -Ji p VfLtWCtLj limits .Only.i!'jh'i .'ILve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m3.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m.3.30 p m4.00 p m5.Q0 p m5.30 p ;m5.50 p m5.15 p m6.40 p mrxcmuorvY 1KACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave Lexington Leave Pari."For Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m..2:503:30q. mp m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p mDaily except Sundayfor Lexingtonb:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p Jm6:05 p mp mp mi ir-6:508:1510:05 p mRumors of war always excite a single man. But a married man doesn'tpay muclr attention to them. He Msused to war.Be it Ordained by the Board ofCouncil of the City of Paris:Section 1. Main Street -in the Cityof Paris, Kentucky, from south sideof Tenth Street to north side ofBank Row, is hereby orderedimproved by the removal ofthe present wearing surface thereonand by the construction of wood,block, or vitrified 'brick or bitulithicpaving upon the present concretefoundation. Said improvement, if bitulithic paving is used shall be madein accordance with the specificationshereinafter provided.Section 2. The said improvementshall be done at the exclusive cost ofthe City of Paris, and shall be paid forin cash upon completion and acceptance of the work.Section 3. Said improvement shallbe done in accordance with the following specifications:SPECIFICATIONS:The present wearing surface shallbe removed from the present concrete foundation, and all material soremoved shall be deposited by thecontractor at the city quarry or at anyother points which may be selectedby the Mayor, such points, however,to be no further distance from thepoint of removal than the city quarry.Upon the present concrete foundation shall then be laid the followingwearing surface:Such wearing surface shall be composed of hard crushed stone, sand andbituminous cement, and shall havethe thickness, when compressed, oftwo inches.In preparing the mineral aggregatefor the above wearing surface the following method and apparatus shall beused:The several grades and sizes ofmineral aggregate shall be accuratelymeasured in proportions previouslydetermined by labaratory tests togive the best results, that is, the mostdense mixture of mineral aggregateand one having inherent stability,heated in a rotary mechanical heater,so designated as to keep each batchby itself until heated and then passinto a rotary mixer; or the varyingsizes of stone approximately proportioned shall be fed into an elevatorterminating and discharging into a rotary dryer, and, after heating, thestone shall be elevated and passedthrough a rotary screen having sections with various size openings. Theminimum screen opening shall be aone-tenth inch, and the maximumshall not be greater than one and onehalf inch. The difference in the widthof openings in successive sectionsshall not exceed one-fourth inch insections having openings smaller thanone-half inch, and shall not exceedone half inch in sections having openings greater than one-half inch. Theseveral sizes of stone thus separatedby the screen sections shall pass intoa bin containing sections or compartments corresponding to the screensections. From these compartmentsthe stone shall be drawn into a weighbox resting on a multi-beam scale Theseveral sizes of mineral aggregate, af-f'ter being separately weighed andmeasured as above, hall be droppedinto a twin pug or other approvedform or mixer. In the mixer bitulithic cement shall be added in sufficient quantity to coat all particles andfill such voids as remain unfilled bythe proportionment of the mineral aggregate. The aggregate shall be soproportioned as to secure in the aggregate inherent stability, densityfreedom from voids and resistance todisplacement, and a mixture whichwhen combined with the bitulithic cement and compacted together willform a bituminous street pavementstructure containing mixed mineral ingredients of such grades as will givethe structure inherent stability, andone in which the largest and smallestpiece are associated with each otherindiscriminately throughout thestructure, and in which the plastic bituminous compositon permeates theentire mass, uniting the various sizedparticles thereof; filling the voids andforming the wearing surface. If thecrusnea stone does not containnneiy divided particles to fill thesmall voids in the aggregate, the deficiency of these finely divided particles shall be made up by the additionof sand or other suitable fine mineralmatter.The mineral aggregate shall beheated and mixed with a bitulithiccement at a temperature consistentwith good workmanship. The wholemixture shall be hot enough whenreaching the street to be capable ofbeing spread and raked without difficulty, and not so hot as to injure thebitulithic cement.There shall be spread over the bitulithic surface mixture a seal coat,using per square yard of bitulithicpavement approximately one-fourthgaiion ot mtulithic cement, into whichshall be incorporated approxinatelytwenty-five pounds of mineral aggregate not larger tnan one-quarter inchdiameter. After spreading the sealcoat, it shall be thoroughly rolled into the bitulithic surface mixture.Each layer of the work shall bekept as free as possible from dirt, sothat it will unite with the succeedinglayer.The bituminous composition or cement shall in each case be free fromwater, and shall be especially refined to remove volatile and other mat.ter susceptible to vxmospheric influ-lences.Section 4. The contractor will be.required to execute bond with suretyto be approved by the Mayor in thepenal sum of twenty per cent, of theamount of the contract price for saidwork, guaranteeing said work against'defective workmanship and material,for a period of five years from thedate of the completion and accp.nt.ance of said work, and agreeing to re-ing in said street during said periodbecause of any deafective workmanship or material.The contractor will also be requiredto execute bond to the city with surety to be approved by the Mayor,agreeing to protect and indemnify thecity against and from any loss or damage which it may sustain because ofany negligence on the part of the contractor. Section 5. Should it be necessaryto repair or replace any part of thepresent concrete foundation, then thecontractor shall be allowed the actualcost of such work, plus fifteen percent for supervision. ,Section 6. The Mayor is herebydirected and authorized to receivebids for the doing of said work onWednesday, July 8, 1914, and is further directed to advertise for bids forthe doing of said work by advertisements in the Kentuckian-Citizen orBourbon News, newspapers publishedin the City of Paris, such advertisement to be made in each issue of saidpaper between the date of this ordinance and the date fixed for the reception of bids.Section 7. This ordinance shalltake effect from and after its passage,approval and publication as requiredoy law.J. T. HINTON, Mayor.Attest: J. W. HAYDEN, City Clerk.SHOWERS OF FLAMINGOIL FALL ON TOWN.After a night of horror the peopleof Meadowlands, a little mining townnear Washington, Pa., renewed 'theirhomes, Wednesday, which they hadforsaken when it seemed the villagewould be engulfed by a torrent ofburning oil. Twenty-four families,rendered homeless, were camped onthe hills. The oil tank was struck bylightning Sunday night. The tank,containing 25,000 barrels, resisted allefforts of firemen, when an explosionscattered the oil, other tanks in thevicinity were threatened. Scores ofworkmen diverted the flaming fluid inditches, and the town was saved. Itwas said the loss would reach $75,-000.$12,000 WORTH OF RADIUMLOST ON PHILADELPRIA STREETA little leather case containing 100milligrams of radium crystals, valuedat $12,000, was lost in the center ofthe city of Philadelphia, while beingtransferred from the Bellevue-Strat-fordHotel to the Philadelphia RadiumInstitute in Spring Garden street,Wednesday. It was lost by Giles M.Mainwaring, manager of the institute,and was a part of a radium collectionvalued at $00,000. While the 'institutesafe was being renovated the crystalswere kept ,in the Bellevue-Stratfordsafe. Mainwaring was carrying thecrystals in seperate tubes, one at atime, lest by carrying the wholeamount he suffer bodily burns.THEYRAISEWEIR HATS, TOTJfEPRUDENTMANjjsKSEBSKKmmjt 3SBE3!lmfMMMWMM fll. OTKVKV K7VMifHirBR., v . fmammmmmmij'THEPRUDENT MANPUTS HIS MONEY INTOOUR BANKSOME DAYHE WILL HAVE GOODUSE FOR IT.I&S2-The man with money in the bank is looked up to, because he can DO things.And there is just one sure way to have money in thebank PUT it there. And when you put it there let itSTAY there and ADD TO IT every time you can.And when you get it there don't let some smoothschemer TRIGK you out of your hard earned money byleading you into some BAD investment.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $i00,000.00. Surplus, $40,000.00.J. M. HALL, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.i Thomas & WoodfordWHO REALLY DISCOVEREDTHE NORTH POLE?Congressional action to determinethe priority of the discovery of theNorth Pole is proposed in a resolutionprepared for introduction Tuesday byRepresentative Smith, of New York.It declares that in view of the questions of scientific, commercial, economic and educational importance involved in the discovery of the NorthPole, the unsettled right of UnitedStates citizens to participate in thefur, mining and other industries in thefar north and the lack of any declaration by the United States Government that an American "reached theNorth Pole in advance of any otherexplorer, the Secretary of the Navyis directed to prepare and transmitto Congress a detailed report of hisfindings in regard to the discovery ofthe North Pole."KENTUCKY WOMAN OBTAINS$26,538 FROM GOVERNMENT.President Wilson has signed theCantrill bill providing for the payment of $26,538 to Mrs. James HarveyDennis, of Gratz, Owen County. Hetook this action after the War Department and the Controller of the Treasury approved the measure as it wasrecently passed by Congress. Following the signing of the bill a Treasuryvoucher for the amount was sent to jMrs. Dennis, accompanied by a formal jnotification of its authorization. The jDennis claim is the largest of its kindon record, and had been before Congress for nearly a quarter of a century. It is the outgrowth of contract work performed for the FederalGovernment on the Tennessee Riverin 1880 by the late Mr. Dennis. It wasallowed by the Court of Claims several years ago, and the bill authorizing its payment had a remarkable legislative record. The measure passedthe Senate five times and was adoptedeight times by the House at differenttimes. At the instance of Representative Cantrill the bill was adopted bythe House five weeks ago, and a shorttime afterward, by parliamentaryjockeying, Senator James forced themeasure through the Senate.Fire, Wind,Lightning Insurance!Protect Your GrowingTobacco AgainstHAILOnly First-Class CompaniesRepresentedzCOUGHS AND COLDS WEAKENTHE SYSTEM.Continued Coughs, Colds and Bronchial troubles are depressing andweaken the system. Loss of weiglitand appetite generally follow. Get a50c bottle of Dr. King's New Discovery to-day. It will stop your' cough.The first dose helps. The best medicine for Stubborn Coughs, Colds andall Throat and Lung Troubles. Mr.0. H. Brown, Muscatine, Ala., writes:"My wife was sick during the hot summer months and I honestly believeDr. King's New Discovery saved herlife." Good for children. 50c and$1.00 at your druggist.(June)"To save the use of collar buttonsthere has been patented a tape to bepassed through the butto holes in acollar and shirt, fastening with anornamental clasp in front.V .an. .. . .Dnn'f. WrTT 1I Yourself During theHot Weather!I2l But Come in and We Will Suggesta!Ouir-k Tinrl Fc fff r-'i k. x---- m-Mwj (IVIai MUM I JUSliced Ham, NMinced Ham, 'Dried Beef, " ABologna, , x ;Imported Swiss Cheese,x - Brick Cheese,.., l., Pimento Cheese,' Snappy Cheese,N. Y. Cream CheeseCanned Meats of All Kinds.Stone's Famous Silver Slice Cakes.T. C. LEINIHAN.Five yards of movie film kiss maybe fine business, but Mrs. Niver, of-Viq TllinrnR Rtntp ncmenrehin PaokiInail OTrl -nanlnnn -.-..,. Ji a .... y -u a. u,e v xxav-c a.uy ueitjuts appear- says one yard is plenty.Cash Grocerv.ft' Both Phones 234m.iBftJrkv '-f1HEJBOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 30 1914NINE HUNDRED MILLIONBUSHELS OF 1914 WHEAT.Have you stopped to jtliink sincereading the recent crop report justexactly what 900,000,000 bushels of"wheat means?That's the estimate yield of theUnited States wheat crop this year.Nine hundred million bushels! That'salmost half the world's wheat crop,they say, and is 137,000,000 bushelsmore than was ever grown here.Positively staggering are these figures. One might realize after carefulthought what 100 or 1,000 or even, bystretching one's imagination, whatone million bushels of wheat mightlook like but try to imagine nineliundred millions bushels stacked in akeap! It's impossible! Far beyondanyone's comprehension.Nine hundred million bushels meansnine bushels of wheat for every man,womaa and child in the whole UnitedStates, our population being approximately one liundred nillion. And ninebushels of wheat would sustain oneperson for easily a year and perhapstwo. We could live until next yearafter the harvest on our wheat cropalone!Nine liundred million bushels! Thatmeans 200,000,000 barrels of flour,figuring on the usual basis of four andone-half bushels to ine barrel. Twobarrels of flour for every person inthe country.Nine hundred million! Every goodand careful baker figures on approximately 300 loaves of bread from abarrel of flour. Now close your eyesand imagine the pile of bread! Fromtwo hundred million barrels of flourthere could be made 60,000,000,000loaves of bread sixty million loaves!If it were not for the wheat crop ofthe United States the world, or a verygreat part of it, would starve. Muchof this wheat is exported. Otherwheatless countries must have theirbread as well as we.Of course, there won't be sixty billion loaves of bread from the crop,for much of the grain is used in otherways. Lots of it goes into breakfastfood, some is made into whisky, and agreat deal will be saved for seed.Besides all the flour, white, gramhamand whole wheat, there will be much"bran for the use of our four-footedfriends.But for fear you lose sight of thatnine hundred million bushels, think ofthe weight of that enormous crop. Ifa bushel of wheat weighs approximately sixty pounds the entire production of the United States willweigh 54,000,000,000 pounds!INDIANS IN DISTRESS.Forced to leave Mexico, they claim,"because their property was confiscated and their property stolen, seventyfive Kickapoo Indians who migratedto the Southern republic from Oklahoma several years ago, "Wednesday-were encamped at the army post inCleveland, O., awaiting aid, from theUnited States Government.A girl is usually smart enough to"know too much to pretend she does.rUneeda BiscuitTempt the appetite,please the taste andnourish the body.Crisp, clean and fresh5 cents in the moistureproof package.i i2flHi The ffiJJEttyiJH popular WWmimmmlmIN 1 ' POLISHES mmbm&Ztesrx1 H Black, Tan and White I WKtm-, Xh.m 1UC Dede L';Wmm$mfvmm!ih - Wlh.HHHH The F. F. Dalley Co., Ltd. f 'yXKSs 4vmmMi Buffalo, N.Y. Hamilton, ont. h " ffipf fe- wml8M1UE lyfOairlES.a 7 v -lJrmmmm Msmmmm mmmmmmj -glffff "Twist tsis cosa"NEW AUTOMOBILE LAW.Baronet BiscuitRound, thin, tenderwith a delightful flavorappropriate forluncheon, tea anddinner, io cents.IIAs the new Automobile Law, whichwent into effect June 12, has manyprovisions that are rather rigid wepublish a summary of them for thebenefit of the autoists. An observanceof these regulations will, we believe,make for the happiness and well-beingof both automobilists and the publicgenerally:The law forbids the driving of anyvehicle at a speed greater than is"reasonable and proper," any greaterbeing prima facie evidence of unreasonable and improper speed: In closely built-up sections of incorporatedcities, ten miles an hour; in residencedistricts fifteen miles an hour; highways outside of the business and residence sections, twenty miles an hour.On a curve, corner or crossing, wherethe operator's view is obstructed,eight miles an hour is the limit.A driver must come to a full stopin passing a frightened horse, or neara street car taking on or dischargingpassengers. Any city may, however,pass traffic laws that place the speedlimits lawer than the statute.The framers of the law were generous in providing fines and equally unselfish in finding acts which can bepunished. Some of the law infractions and their penalties are:Fine of $10 for fictitious chauffeur'sbadge.Fine of $15 for employer of unlicensed chauffeur.Fine of $10 for unlicensed chauffeur.Fine of $15 to $50 for intoxicatedoperator of motor vehicle.Fine of $10 to $100 for use of fictitious automobile license.Fine of $15 to $100 for person undersixteen who drives car without parentor guardian.Cancellation of vehicle license forowner who fails to report discharge ofchauffeur because of drunkenness.Two to five years in the penitentiary for taking machine without owner's consent.Forfeiture of chauffeur's license onconviction for drunkenness.Fine of $10 to $50 for violation ofany section not specifically enumerated. This may be augmented by fiveto thirty days in jail.The new license prices follow:For vehicles of twenty-five horsepower of less, ?6; between twenty-five and fifty, $11, and above fiftyhorse power, $20. A motorcycle registration fee is $5.The examination for chauffeurs toestablish their right to licenses are tobe held as follows:Louisville, first Monday in December; Lexington, first Monday in February; Maysville, first Monday inApril; Bowing Green, first Monday inJuly; Paducah, first Monday in September, and Covington, first Mondayin May.Until then the Commissioner of Motor Vehicles at Frankfort, will havethe right to issue licenses.CURES STUBBORN,ITCHY SKIN TROUBLES."I could, .scratch myself to pieces"is often heard from sufferers of Eczema, Tetter, Itch and similar SkinEruptions. Don't Scratch Stop theItching at once with Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment. Its first applicationstarts healing; the Red, Rough, Scaly,Itching Skin is soothed by the Healing and Cooling Medicines. Mrs. C.A. Einfeldt, Rock Island, 111., after using Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment,writes: "This is the first time in nineyears I have been free from thedreadful ailment." Guaranteed. 50cNOTICE.Operators and owners of motorcycles and automobiles are warnedagainst using their machines withinthe limits of the City of Paris without having them equipped with propermufflers.There is an ordinance against machines making the unnecessary noisesso common on our streets, and offenders will be arrested and vigorouslyprosecuted.Owners of motor cycles and automobiles are also warned against drivingor riding their machines withouthaving their machines properly equipped with lights, as required by law.W. F. LINK,(16-4t) Chief of Police.3CUTTHEWEEDS.Property owners or tenants will cutall weeds growing on such properties,and do it at once.By order of Board of Health.A. H. KELLER, Health Officer.(23-june4t)NOTICETOPROPERTY OWNERS!All property owners who havevaults, cess pools of privies are hereby notified to have them properlycleaned immediately.By order of Board of Health.A. H. KELLER, Health Officer.(23-june4t)FOR SALE.Timothy meadow for sale, 150 acres.MRS. C. M. CLAY,(19je-3t) . Both Phones.FOR RENT.Storeroom on Main street known asthe Weatherall property. Possessionto be given at once. Also 3 rooms upstairs. Will rent as a whole or separately. '(15-tf) CHAS. PEDDICORDR. J. NEELYWAREHOUSEStables and Coal YardNOTICE.Owners of stock are hereby warnedagainst allowing their cattle andhorses to run at large in the City ofParis. There is a law against permitting stock to run at large,, and violators will be arrested and prosecuted.FRED LINK,When you feel SSSSCvous, tired, worried or despondent it is .sure sign you need MOTTS NERVEMPILLS. They renew the normal vigor ar Imake life worth living. Be sure and askf 'Mott's Nerverine Pills J&SWILLIAMS MFG. CO.. Props.. ClevekmlL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Parij, Ky.rrwmwammammmmimwammammmWa Kra Mnwr CliniiritiiY,nw fliw-iwiT Jiiumiig..ftFor Rent!For over 30 years this has been asuccessful business stand in the FarmImplement, Seeds and Coal Business.Possession on or about July 1.W. W. MITCHELL, Agt.Auto Bus Line!NOW IN OPERATION.MEETS ALL TRAINS AND WILANSWER CALLS AT ALL TIMES..'PHONES, 864.25 CENTS TO ANY PART OF THECITY.J. S. GININ,Licensed Chauffeur.The newest and smartest Pumps in PatenDull Kid and Gun Metal, in Colonia 1 andBulgarian styles, with the new Louisand SpoolHeels,Also Baby Doll Pumps in Patent and GunMetal. Come to us to be fitted.Oeo. Mc Williams.. . r71 Phones 301 The Shoe Man IVMB1at your druggist.(June)LUKE McLUKE. SAYS:SUMMER GOODS MUST GO!ZuZuPrince of appetizers.Makes daily trips fromGinger-Snap Land towaiting mouths everywhere. Say Zu Zu tothe grocer man, 5 cents.Buy biscuit baked byNATIONALBISCUITICOMPANY .Always look, for that namerninmnnati Enauirer)This is a snsnicious world. When aman greets us cordially, pats us onthe back and tells us what a fine fellow we are, we immediately begin towonder how mucn ne is going iut touch us for.Once in a while you will find ahome in which the only time the BathTub ever gets a play is when Fatheruses it for a cuspidor, when he is shaving himself.Even when a girl realizes that herface is so homely that it hurts peopleto look at it, she is always sure thatshe has Winning Ways.It used to be that the tan enaeu authe neck of the bathing suit. But thewaists are so thin this summer thatthere's no telling where the tan willend.Every time I see a blind man thesehot days I slib him two bits. It mustbe tough to miss all there is to beseen.' ALWAYS LEAD TO BETTERHEALTH.Let Us Start You With The Hot Weather.This Sale Began Saturday, June 13.' Will continue the rest of the hot month, with Porch Chairs, Swings,the No-Whip Shades, Refrigerators and Lawn Furniture. Let us showyou what a saving we have in store for you.tGasStovesAre Included InThis Summer Sale.So don't let the hotweather burn you up when you can have a Gas Rangeto protect you. See our prices.Serious sicknesses start in disorders of the stomach, liver and kidneys. The best corrective and preventive is Dr. King's New Life Pills.They purify the Blood Prevent ConcHnation. keep Liver, Kidneys andDnaic in hp.althv condition. Giveiyou better health by ridding the systpm of fermenting and gassy foods.TCfppp.tive and mild. 25c, at your" druggist.Bucklin's Arnica Salve for all hurts., (June)RehiploisTHE NEWICEBERG.The reduced prices willinterest you. The largeRefrigerator was S35-.00NOW $27.50and on down to $6.75.IBl BPj"jjlllri,l,r F Ji ii3llll :?s 1Ell NUT " n' ii y 'MSb-WKu II ' i , . imfcTllfl " ' P " IIRemember these goods must go, and we can save you many dollarsing during our Summer Sale. Just a look will help you.byabuy-A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co$ CHAS. GREEN, Manager.OPP. COURT HOUSC'S....... l1...&1? , -V4. i.' . JfttisAJvVi- - v tftf-rV " -,a;THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; JUNE 30 1914.s41h1Jiit.-t-4itAlIt !UIi Hlina;;li .,i.iHOT SIZZLERS FROMBILLY SUNDAY'S BAT.Billy Sunday in his sermons isespecially severe on the society women who does not serve some usefulpurpose. Pink teas immediately become unfashionable during one ofhis revivals and bridge parties arefor the time forgotten. A feature ofhis revivals is at least one sermonduring the series to women only.Here are a few of the sizzlers thatLouisville women will hear when hepreaches to them in that city:If you lay aside your prejudice,you little frizzle-headed sissies, itwill help you so you won't make themistake your ma made.There are married women whoshrink from maternity because theylove ease, fine garments and abilityttq flit like a butterfly at some socialfunction.There are too many girls who marry for other causes than love.Some girls marry a young buck toreform, him, and they are the biggestfools in the bunch, because hevouldnot marry you to reform you."""You can not work ior six dollars aweek and wear fine duds and be onthe square without having the peoplesuspicious.I believe the time will come whensexual hygiene will form a part ofthe high shcool curriculum.I believe a good woman is the bestthing this side of heaven and a badwoman the worst this side of hell.The average girl of to-day is turningher home into a gambling shop anda social beer and champagne drinking joint, and her society is made upof poker-players, champagne, wineand beer drinkers, grass widowersand jilted jades and scandal-mongers.The divorce laws ar damnable. Iam a Roman Catholic on divorce.Don't let your actions advertise,"Man Wanted Quick." That's thesurest way not to get a man. Youmight get a thing with breeches on,but he is no man.For God's sake, on't transfer thelove that God gave you or bestow itupon some brindle-nose pup or spitz.The virtue of womanhood is therampeart wall of American civilization. Society that makes a distinctionbetween the man who does wrongand the girl when she does wrong, isbeneath my notice. I would not spitupon it.NOTICE TO STOCKMEN.List your stock in M. J. Murphy'sjnonthly combination sales. Plenty of'buyers always on hand. We can sellyour horses, mules, ponies, cows, cattie, hogs, sheep and poultry .at ;oodprices. Next sale will be held on Monday, July 6, county court day. ,(21ap-tf)When held up by five highwaymen,in Pittsburg, William Halley thrashedthe bunch, received $2 stolen fromhim and then called the ambulanceand a patrol.Thieves early Wednesday cut a circular hole in the window of AaronBergman's jewelry store, just acrossfrom the City Hall, in Cleveiand, O.,and using a pole, line and hook, fished out $2,500 worth of jewelry.iV M0BBn VvVjBI Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps For AllIWe cannot fully impress upon you the splendor, theand magnitude of the great values w are rtfJWina- If iesary for you to bet- MLaiel !??J?1 PumPS. of elegant Patent Coltor Soft Dull Kid, genuine $4.00 values,at $2.99 and $2.49r a- fXKTu-4. n nr t t, ,Ladies White Canvas Mary Jane Pumps andOxfords, genuine S3. 00 values at $ 1 .99 and 1 .49-Ladies' Suede and Velvet Mary Jane Pumps?4jPxf?rds the best makes genuine $4.00 and$3.50 values at $2.99' and' 2.49V,4BLadies' Oxrords and Pumps of Dull Soft Kid, Men's Tand and Gun Metal Oxfords in alllight, flexible soles, $4.00 and $3.50 values, i styles, bench made, $4.00 values,at $2.99 and 2.49 at 2.99-SS180811 Men's Oxfords in Patent Leather and GunDullKid, $3and$2.50 values.... $1.99 and 1.49 Metal, $3.00 velues at , 1.99Misses' and Children's White Canvas Shoes and Baby Doll Pumps, alsoPatent Colt Mary Sane, at Special Bargain Prices. -Boys' Shoes and Oxfords, White and Black Tennis Oxfords, Barefoot Sand fills at the lowest prices.; " Space is too limited to give all the numerous bargains. Come and convinceyourself.rtMm.3DmjtLmWhAn OrdinanceOrdering the Improvement ofMain Street, in the City ofParis. KV., from the SouthSide of Tenth Street to theNorth Side of Bank Row,with Bitulithic Paving orCreosoted Wooden BlockPavement Upon the OldFoundation.The following ordinancethe place' of the Ordinaceon page six, which is void.is to takepublishedBe it Ordained by the BoardCouncil of the Ciay of Paris, Ky:ofPSSn i.JS S?eet in ?,? C"y,lithic cement shall be added in suffici-jl a aiio, xveuLiiuoor, HU111 SOUIU Sideof Tenth Street to north side ofBank Row, is hereby orderedimproved by the removal ofthe present wearing surface thereonand by the construction of bitulithicpaving, or of creosoted wooden blockpaving upon the present concrete foundation, the material to be used in theimprovement of said street to be determined and selected by the Councilupon receipt of bids. Said improvement shall be made in accordancewith the specifications for the material to be selected as'hereinafter provided, and the present concrete foundation shall be repaired or replacedwherever necessary to place same inproper condition for reception of thepaving.Section 2. The said improvementshall be done at the exclusive cost ofthe City of Paris, and shall be paid forin cash upon completion and acceptance of the work.Section 3. The specifications for bitulithic paving herein above referredto are as follows:SPECIFICATIONS FOR BITULITHICPAVING-.The present wearing surface shallbe removed from the present concrete foundation, and all material soremoved shall be deposited by thecontractor at the city quarry or at anyother points which may be selectedby the Mayor, such points, however,to be no further distance from thepoint of removal than the city quarry.Upon the present concrete foundation shall then be laid the followingwearing surface:Such wearing surface shall be composed of hard crushed stone, sand andbituminous cement, and shall havethe thickness, when compressed, oftwo inches.In preparing the mineral aggregatefor the above wearing surface the following method and apparatus shall beused:The several grades and sizes ofmineral aggregate shall be accuratelymeasured in proportions previouslydetermined by labaratory tests togive the best results, that is, the mostdense mixture of mineral aggregateand one having inherent stability,heated in a rotary mechanical heater,so designated as to keep each batchby itself until heated and then passinto a rotary mixer; or the varyingsizes of stone approximately propor-i Greatror BuyingSUMMER FOOTWEARhere and be convinced of the ereat bargains.w1STGreatest Shoe StoreB ea uty: ( y' ' . m''mmmmwwmummmBwmmmmmvmZAtioned shall be fed into an elevatorterminating and discharging into a ro-tary dryer, and, after heating, thestone shall be elevated and passedSJ , KSSf K1minimum screen opening shall be ashall not be greater than one and one-half inch. The difference in the widthof openings in successive sectionsshall not exceed one-fourth inch insections having openings smaller thanone-half inch, and shall .not exceedone half inch in sections having openings greater than one-half inch. Theseveral sizes of stone thus separatedby the screen sections shall pass intoa Dm containing sections or compart-ments corresponding to the screensections. From these comDartmentsthe stone shall be drawn into a weighbox resting on a multi-beam scale Theseveral sizes of mineral aggregate, after being separately weighed andmeasured as above, hall be droppedinto a twin pug or other approvedform or mixer. In the mixec bitu-ent quantity to coat all particles andfill such voids as remain unfilled bythe proportionment of the mineral aggregate. The aggregate shall be soproportioned as to secure in the aggregate inherent stability, densityfreedom from voids and resistance todisplacement, and a mixture whichwhen combined with the bitulithic cement and compacted together willform a bituminous street pavementstructure containing mixed mineral ingredients of such grades as will givethe structure inherent stability, andone in which the largest and smallestpiece are associated with each otherindiscriminately throughout thestructure, and in which the plastic bituminous compositon permeates theentire mass, uniting the various sizedparticles thereof; filling the voids andforming the wearing surface. If thecrushed stone does not containfinely divided particles to fill thesmall voids in the aggregate, the deficiency of these finely divided particles shall be made up by the additionof sand or other suitable fine mineralmatter.The mineral aggregate shall beheated and mixed with a bitulithiccement at a temperature consistentwith good workmanship. The wholemixture shall be hot enough whenreaching the street to be capable ofbeing spread and raked without difficulty, and not so hot as to injure thebitulithic cement. JThere shall be spread over the bitulithic surface mixture a seal coat,using per square yard of bitulfthicpavement approximately one-fourthgallon of bitulithic cement, into whichshall be incorporated approxinatelytwenty-five pounds of mineral aggregate not larger than one-quarter inchdiameter. After spreading the sealcoat, it shall be thoroughly rolled into the bitulithic surface mixture.Each layer of the work shall bekept as free as possible from dirt, sothat it will unite with the succeedinglayer.The bituminous composition or cement shall in each case be free fromwater, and shall be especially refined to remove volatile and other matter susceptible to atmospheric influences. Section 4. The specifications forcreosoted wooden block pavementOpportunity-..man braaeMen's Tan Oxfords of the best qualities andmakes, genuine $4.00 values $3.49 and $2.99,,,,,Men's Tan and Gun Metal Oxfor.ds, the Englishlast, of the famous Walk-Over and Beaconmakes 4.00Men's Tan and Black Vici Oxfords, broad toeand soft flexible soles, $4.00 values,at , '. $3.49 and 2.49COHEN'Sa n CI . F2 r" ' r n n -- PoSornc A I- -- -r am. m hh- " "". Mherein above referred to are as fol-lowscSPECIFICATIONS FOR WOODENBLOCK PAVEMENT.J? ?concrete foundation, and allmaterial so removed shailbe deposited by the contractorat the city quarry or at any otherpoints which may be selected by theMayor, such points, however, to beno further distance from the point ofremoval than the city quarry,i Upon the present concrete foundation shall then be laid the following:MORTAR BED., , i;1- The concrete foundation mustb wet by sprinkling just previous tolaying the mortar bed upon it2. The mortar bed, at least onehalf () inch thick will be laid uponthe concrete foundation. It will becomposed of one part Portland cement and three parts sand or screenings, both of the qualities specifiedfor use in the concrete foundation, together with the least amount of water needed for the best resuls. Itmust be thoroughly mixed and thick-ily spread, rammed or struck off to atrue surface. No mortar shall be laidnor wood blocks placed in their finalposition later than 30 minutes afterthe mortar is mixed.3. The wood blocs pavement layer;shall be 4 inches thick as required bythe traffic and conditions of the streetand constructed of materials and inthe manner hereinafter specified.4. The wood from which the blocksare made shall be regular sound commercial merchantable long leaf yellowpine, which shall be well manufactured, saw-butted, free from large,coarse knots or very coarse grain, andfree from the following defects: Unsound, loose and hollow knots, worm,holes, knot holes, through round orother objectionable shakes, wane,bark, incipient of other decay.5. No dead or second growth timber will be accepted and all timbershall be cut in a locality recognizedas producing the timber specified.The number of annual rings shall average not less than -six (6) per inchmeasured radically. All timber shallbe well air seasoned. The City Engineer or his inspector may at ajny timereject in bulk all timber that does notfulfill these specifications. The contractor shall give the City Engineer atleast twenty days notice in writingthe time and place of the beginning ofcutting or treatment of blocks.6. The paving blocks, cut fromwood or lumber above specified, shallbe well manufactured, truly rectangular and uniform. They shall be dressed on one side. The top and bottomboth shall be evenly and smoothlysawn. No blocks shall vary in widthand depth more than one sixteenth ofan inch (1-16) from others used onthe same street or contract. Thedepth shall be four inches in thickness. Tne lengn snail not De lessthan six (6) nor more than ten (10)inches and shall average eight (8)inches long. The width shall not beless than three (3) nor more thanfour (4) inches, provided that allblocks used in one street or contract,shall be of the same width. Theblocks shall average at least 75 percent of hard wood, and no block willbe accepted that has less than 60 percent, of hard wood.7. The blocks shall be treated, pre-4WmUUmOccasions!diversity of stylesaticrJiifalir n.ac-twmmmmummmmmmuur3rc&.-, ss: bhserved or creosoted as hereinafterspecified, and each block shall containat least 20 pounds of creosote oil percubic foot of wood, or when a blockcontains much natural pitch it shallreceive as much creosote as can bebe forced into it by the same processand pressure as is used in the treatment of the blocks of the same kindof wood which will receive 20 poundsof creosote oil per cubic foot.8. The creosote oil shall be a deadoil of pure coal tar or wholly a purecoal tar product. It shall not containmore than three per cent, of water,and if it does contain this amount ofwater a corresponding correctionmust be more than three per cent, ofof waer, and if it does containthis amount of water correspondingcorrection must be made so that anequivalent additional amount of creosote is forced into the blocks. It shallcontain only traces of Acetic andacetates. Its specific 'gravity at oneone hundred degrees (100 degrees) P.(38 degrees Cent.) shall be atleast 1.05 and not more than1.10 so as to assure itthoroughly penetrating the woodblocks. The residue insolubledistillafiltration with benzol and chloroform must not exceed 3 per cent, ofthe weight of the creosote oil. Fractional distillation of 100 grams of thecreosote oil shall produce of dry oilby weight within the following limits:Up to 150 degrees C. (302 degreesF.), not to exceed 2 per cent.Between 150 degrees C. (302 degrees F. and 170 degrees C.) (338 degrees F.), not to exceed 1.5 per centBetween 170 degrees C. (338 degreesF.) and 235 degrees C. (455 degreesF.), not to exceed 35 per cent.Between 235 degrees C. (455 degreesF.) and 300 degrees C. (572 degreesF.), not toexceed 35 per cent.The -residue remaining shall besoft and adhesive. The creosote oilshall contain about 25 per cent, ofcrytallirable napthalene and at least15 per cent, anthracene oils. At least95 per cent, of the creosote oil shallbe soluble in carbonbisulphide andequally in absolute alcohol. The manner and metho'ds of testing creosoteoil shall be subject to the approval ofthe City Engineer.9. The wood blocks, after being cutand ready for treatment, shall beplaced in a suiable iron receptacle orcylinder and there sterilized with drysteam undsr a pressure of at leas 30pounds and not to exceed 50 poundsper square inch during at least threehours and as much longer, not to exceed 7 hours, as the conditions of thewood and the season of the year requires. The temperature within hecylinder during he process the condensed steam, sap and other liquidmatter shall be drawn from the receptacle by means of valves. At thecompletion of the steaming processall condensed steam and other fluidmatter shall be blown from the cylinder through an opening in its bottom,and the stream shall be caused to passout through an opening in the top.10. The draining and exhaustvalves of the cylinder shall then beclosed and a vacuum pump shall immediately produce, as quickly as possible, a vacuum of at least 24 inchesand as much more as may be necessary, and maintained in the cylinderuntil moisture and gases cease tocome from the cylinder. During thisprocess the wood blocks within thecylinder shall be kept hot by meansof steam coils within it.11. Immediately thereafter andwhile the vacuum exists, the creosoteoil at a temperature between 180 degrees F. and 200 degrees F. shall berun ino the cylinder and forced andmaintained under such pressure thatthe wood blocks shall absorb and beimpregnated with creosote oil to theamount required by Section 23 above.The excess of creosote oil in the cylinder shall then be withdrawn, theblocks drained and prepared for shipment. 12. The blocks ready for use mustmeet the indentation test pressuremade as follows: The blocks to betested are first dried at 100 degrees F.during 12 hours. Then a polishedsteel die 1 inch square on its lowerface, square edges, corners and perpendicular sides, is placed on a driedblock firmly supported in a compression testing machine. A pressure of8,000 pounds is applied quickly andmaintained exactly one minute. Thedie must not descend and indent theblock more than one-eighth of an inch.The measurements are to be takenfrom when the die is lightly pressedagainst the block to the instant the8,000 pounds pressure has been applied one minute. The die is placedanywhere within one-half (Y2) inch ofthe edges of the block and so as tocompress lengthwise the wood fibres.13. The wood blocks shall be inspected by the City Engineer at theplace of manufacture or on arrival inthe .city where they are to be used orwhen piled adjacent to the street to bepaved. All blocks not in conformitywith the requirements of these specifications will be rejected and must beremoved from the locality of the pavement to be laid. .14. The wood blocks are to be laidupon the mortar bed immediately after the bed is ready to receive them.The blocks are to be laid wih closejoints and at flght angles to the curbsexcept otherwise directed by the CityEngineer, and in uniform course, andso that all longitudinal joints shallbe covered by a lap of at least three(3) inches. No closure or end blocksshall be used which are less thanthree (3) inches long. The pavingblocks shall be jointed up to the cartracks and rails as directed by theCity Engineer.15. The blocks shall be laid inslight contact, and shall be properlyrolled or rammed to a firm bearingand uniform surface.16. No rolling or ramming shallbe" done within ten feet of the surfacewhere blocks are being laid. Allblocks which are broken, split, orotherwise damaged or defective ordisplaced shall be removed immediately after rolling or ramming and replaced with sound blocks.16. After the blocks have beeninirl and nronerlv rammed, their.joints for a space of three feet wideariinp.ent. to and narallel with each !curb shall be filled completely full ofhot bituminous cement filler as here-Hinafter specified. All other joints between the blocks shall first be filledhalf full of said hot bituminous fillerSaid filler shall be of a temperature toflow quite freely and it shall be thoroughly swept and rubbed into -saidjoints with approved hand squeegeesuntil all the bituminous filler is cleaned from the surface of the pavement"The entire surface of the pevementshall thereon be dressed bff and alljoints shall be completely filled -ruifclenn, coarse perfectly dry sand and soas to leave a unitorm layer thereofone-half inch () inch thickness allover the entire surface of the pavement. 17. Expansion joints shall be constructed between the curbs and thewood paving blocks to provide for thepossible expansion and contraction ofthe blocks by heat or cold or otherwise. These expansion joints shallbe constructed from three-quarter() inches wide, according to thewidth of the street as directed by theCity Engineer, and shall extend thewhole depth ofthe blocks, and shallbe filled with aT suitable bituminouspaving- joint cement acceptable to theCity Engineer. Expansion joints ofany required width shall be constructed at such other locations as the CityEngineer may direct Expansionjoints must be completely filled withsuitable strips of wood previous tofilling the joints with the pavingjoint cement The filler for the expansion and all other joints shall beregular Coal Tar Pitch or other approved bituminous cement that theCity Engineer considers equally asgood. In absence of instructions tothe contrary, the pitch filler shall beof straight coal tar run to a meltingpoint of 125 degrees 140 degrees F.,carrying not less than 25 per cent, normore than 35 per cent of free carbon.Brittle point to be 15 degress F.Section 5. The contractor will berequired to execute bond with suretyto be approved by the Mayor in thepenal sum of twenty per cent, of theamount of the contract price for saidwork, guaranteeing said work againstdefective workmanship and material,for a period of five years from thedate of the completion and acceptance of said work, and agreeing to repair and replace any defects appearing in said street during said periodbecause of any deafective workmanship or material.The contractor will also be requiredto execute bond to the city with surety to be approved by the Mayor,agreeing to protect and indemnify thecity against and from any loss or, damage which it may sustain because ocany negligence on the part of the contractor. Section 6. The Mayor is herebydirected and authorized to receivebids for the doing of said work onTTmrRrtav. .Tnlv 16. 1914. and is fur-, ther directed to advertise for bids forthe doing of said work by advertisements in the Kentuckian-Citizen orBourbon News, newspapers -publishedin the City of Paris, such advertisement tp be made in each issue of saidpaper between the date of this ordinance and the date fixed for the reception of bids.Section 7. This ordinance shalltake effect from and after its passage,approval and publication as requiredby law.J. T. HINTON, Mayor.Attest: J. W. HAYDEN, City Clerk.There is Only One ICooking Fuel, i8 It is only a question of8 time when nearly everyJ home in Paris will be equip-ped with a gas range. Youi can soon save the price oftha rflnnro -Fvvm V10 rnrtnmrS it now costs you to cook withS coal. Call up our office to-jj day and close a deal forKitcnen comiorc.We handle the celebrated 2GARLANDGAS RANGES.PARIS GAS &1ELECTRIC CO. !Incorporated.,l"I"I"l"l"l"l"I'"I"I'"i"Ii,I'"Ii"I"I"I""I"I"I"l"I"I'5LIGHTFOOT'S !BABY FACE LOTIONt4zA cTVlAGICALBEAUTIFIERguaranteed to remove Tan,Sunburn, Blotches, Pimples,Liver Spots, Sallow, SwarthyComplexion.DEMONSTRATIONSSOLICITEDApply to Face, Wipe Off BeforeDry With Soft ClothDon't Envy a Good Complexion,Use Baby Face Lotion.Guaranteed Serial No. 34070PRICE 50 CENTS.Manufactured and Sold byMRS. M. A. PATON,Paris. Kentuckv.jfmllllllllHIllHlhGASy