IW-c- --Jur-n yS.4! TiCON NFWFRIDAY IN .THE YEAH. 'W MM H Mk (KfVk.& 43T"i J VctJV- -Pi.jfc?:&&?:'? v: " ir 5 ' ,PUBMSHEDEVFBY TUESDAYVOLUME,.XXXHPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAT, SEPTEMBER 15, 1914.I LiLrf , : urn. 'Mrwagftr m . a . r-JAS. B. H'AGGlS) DEAD.Vaster ofport,E'.mendorf Die'sR. I., After a LoIllness.in New-NEWPORT, R. I., Sept. 12. Mr.,,. nes B. rfaggin, noter financier andtu"iman, passed away shortly beftreZ o'clock this evening at his sum--,wrhome, Villa, Rosa. He had beenij. poor health, because of his ad-ced age, ever since his arrival fori 2 season ,at Newport, jn the earlyjl of June, and never left the2Xuse. He was unconscious for a fewurs betore his death.rirs. Haggin was with him untilt 3 end and no plans had been made.s evening regarding the funeral.Mr. and Mrs. Haggjn came to New- rt for the season the first time lastvar when they occupied Arleigh, inLVJevue Avenue, and last fall heI .'-chased the beautiful estate knownp Villa Rosa, in Bellevue Avenue,jraerly owned by E. Kollins Morse,. eh he had extensively improveds spring.air. Haggin was last in Lexingtonthe late spring, whence visited" jmdorf for a few days after whicli, returned to New York to give at-rition to his large business affairs,"t is understood that the immediatecause of air. Haggin's death was1 esrt disease, but it is known thatxcr some time he suffered from ac triplication- of diseases incident tothe growing infirmities of age, andVat this condition was aggravatedly a fall which air. Haggin had abouta year ago.James B. Haggin "was bybirth aKentuckian, born in Harrodsburg,aiercer county, in 1817. His familywas one of the foremost in the BlueGrass region, and he was educatedat Danville, Ky., by the best masters.Being destined for the legal profession he received a thorough preparation and was admitted to the barof the State of Kentucky.He began practice" in Shelby ville,Ky., but later went to Natchez, Miss.,and after that to New Orleans madehis way to California, arriving threin 1850 via Panama.His first wife was a daughter ofColonel Lewis Saunders, of Nachez,aiiss. Of the five children of thismarriage, three survive, Louis T.Haggin, a New York business man;airs. -Lounsberry, wife of Richard P.Lounsberry, of Lounsberry & Co.,bankers, of New York, and Mrs.aicAfee. His grandson, who was alsoa favorite relative, Louis Lee Haggin,is well-known in Lexington, as hahas been living on one of the Elmendorf farms for some years.Mr. Haggin's isecond wife was aiissPealr Voorhies of Versailles who wasa niece of his first wife. She survives him.The boddy of air. Haggin was taken to New York yesterday and theburial was in the family vault atWoodland Cemetery, where also thefuneral, which was private, was held.air. Haggin's property holdings inXiexington and Fayette county werelarge. Elmendorf Farm, one of themost valuable properties of its typein the United States, contains abouteleven thousand acres and costly improvements in addition to the palatial mansion and grounds known-Green Hill."asRETURNED PARISIANTells of Unusual Experiences inropean Capitals During Enforced Stay.Eu-7SU.SPECT ARRESTED.Man Accused of Stealing 120 Miles- of Copper Wire From L.& N. RaW road.- - . . I) 'ItLAT WAR BULLETINS.LONDON," Sept. 13. The Romecorrespondent of the Exchange Telegraph Company says: "A dispatchfrom Basel, Switzerland, states thatbetween Boltzheini and Sierenz,Alsace, French cavalry, supported byartillery, has annihilated two squaddons of German cavalry. All theiiorses of the invaders were killed.The number of German trooperskilled was very large."AiiSTERDAai, Sept 13 A Praguenewspaper says Servian women andchildren are helping fight the Austrians. One twelve-year-old girl, lying"wounded in Teusaitz Hospital, boastsof throwing 16 hand grenades at hercountry's enemy. .LONDON, Sept. 14. The retirement of the German armies virtually all along the line in France continues, according to French officialTeports, and advices from Switzerland describe the profound impression the news of the German retreat has created along the SwissGerman frontier and in various partsci Germany. Already the Germanforces have been ushered back bythe allied armies at some points for;a distance of 60 miles or more; andtiie French have succeeded in reocuping various towns which, they"tacdated two weeks ago.GEORGETTE SAILOR MODEL.Each season Georgette brings onta new sailor model which immediately becomes the fashion. This yeart e Georgette sailor is soft of crown-d curved .of brim and has a whitelo pompon posed at front ana rear.e have a most' gorgeous line .of saii'rs on display.H-3t) CORNE WATSON BAIRD.AfteY experiencing,' the unusualsensation of being maroone in a foreign country, not very -remote fromthe zone of fighting Germans. Russian, 'French, British and other belligJerents or war-ngaen Europe, Mr. andMrs. James Thompson and son, Mr.James Thompson,- Jr., arrived safelyand thankfully at their beautifulcountry home on the Lexington pike,last Thursday night.air. Thompson told in a most interesting manner of the trials, troubles and varied experiences oij hjisparty in the old world. He said:"What General Sherman"said aboutwar is true, t every word of it,, and although we passed through the countries at war, and witnessed manythilling and horrifying spectacles, tosay nothing of dangerous situations,we would not give anything for ourexperiences. Wie,were - in Venicwhen war was declared, and as everytrain available was needed to transport the troops, we were forced to remain there for three weeks."A great many Americans were in.Venice, and mass meetings were heldat the Grand Hotel to devise meansfor us to et out of the country.After a wait of 21 days we were ableto leave Venice -and proceeded toGeneva, from which point we securedtrain passage to Paris. We wereforced to show our passports atevery turn, as the French were greatly worried lest German spies wouldget into their country and secure valuable information as to movementsof their troops. On our way to Parisour train was sidetracked manytimes to allow troop trains the rightof way. Trainload. after trainload ofsoldiers passed up, and the real horrors of war were brought very forcibly tS our minds. Following eachtroop train were many cars on whichwere loaded ambulances followed bycars piled high with lime. Everytrain that we saw carried a carloadof lime. We talked with many ofthe French soldiers along the route,and all seemed to be in high spirits,and particularly were they friendlywhen told that we were Americans."At one stop my son was very anxious to get a snap shot of some ofthe Frencji soldiers whojvere restingalong the way, and had his camerapoised ready to snap when an officerstanding by chanced to glance in hisdirection. A heavy fcane which hwas carrying was hurled at the camera," and only the fact that my sonhad. it strapped to him saved it fromtotal ruin. The officers was greatlypeeved at our attempt to photo hismen, and it took considerable argument on our part before we were alio wed-toTpassn:- - " -Found Paris Deserted."Arriving in Paris we found the bigcity totally deserted, save for womenand men whose age prevented themfrom being pressed into service."At the Continental Hotel out of300 employees only 10 remained, theother 290 having been called to armsThe old taxi driver who drove usaround the city had two sons whowere in the army, and only the factthat he was too old toi shoulder armssaved him from being called upon.Everwhere throughout France is ascene of activity. Every engine isunder steam and ready for immediate use. FrQm Paris we went toBologne, and crossing over from thelatter place to Folkstone, England,we were never out of sight of a cruiser. England has her seaboard fortified splendidly. Fifty-eight trainloads of Russian soldiers were land-"ed at Aberdeen, Scotland, havingbeen brought in around the NorthCape. From here they were transported to Dover and then shippedacross the channel- into France.Many more of the Russians will besent into France in this manner."The English people seem to bescared to death, and they had greatdifficulty in securing volunteers aftertheir first 100,000 had been recruitedSo hard pressed were they that theylifted the age limit and permittedall to enlist who so desred. Taxisand many other . vehicles are seenupon the streets bearing signs reading "Fight fori the King." From thetrouble experenced in getting -volunteersfor army service if seems asthough the people over there are notvery much enthused with the idea offighting for the King. Our ship, likeall others,rwas in constant danger ofhostile vessels, .and two days, out wehwere stopped by a French pruiser.After assuring them wno we werewe proceeded, but always "witlr allport holes covered and no light ofany, kind showing. There were 2,200passengers on the ship, the normalcapacity" being about 1,200. ManyEuropean scenes are truly wonderfuland picturesque, but ' I don't thinkthat anv compare to the Statue ofLiberty "in New York Harbor, particularly to one ivho has been 'bottled'in a war-ridden country such as Eu;nno is at. the Dresent time. I waslneYer so glad to see anything in mylifo and 1 thinK 1 VOUUll L"s aaixmThat he cut and disposed of 120miles of copper telegraph wire frompoles between Falmouth and Paris,rolling the -wire nto a hoop frompole to pole, and carrying it away inan automobile, is "the .accusationbrought Hiram l Frank, aged 26, ayoung farm Hand of near Falmouth.Thee charge , was brought by Detectives Genter and Gerhardt, of theCincinnati detective office, and Detectives Sanford and Parker, of theCovington force, " who have beenworking on the -case for' severalweeks.The wire was in three strands, andwas strung over forty miles of road.The police say that the wire is theproperty of the Western Union Telegraph Company, but because of aninjunction brought by the Louisvilleand Nashville Railroad against thelines being operated on its grounds itlay idle for some time.It is alleged that Frank cut up 800pounds of the wire into short piecesand sold them in Cincinnati and theacross-the-river cities. He claimedthat the wire had been sold to Himby another man, who heays he willproduce at the time of his trial.Other accomplices in the steal arebeing sought, and the police say oneof the men implicated is a residentof Paris, though -not here now. Theyhave their drag-nets set and arrestsare jexpected soon.Frank is being held for the Falmouth authorities. The wire whichit is claimed he stole was a part ofthe new block signal system beingerected by the Louisville & Nashville system between Covington andParis.tin. .I Mitchell &Blakemore'sBRAND NEW-:-Jall Styles in 97ftyen sShoesvARE 4 NOW ON DISPLAV.fsELECTION OFFICERS SELECTED.WILL SUE WATER COMPANYiin-Mieging that on account of the inr c'snt wa.f-.pr nrpt?nrp. furnished1 "e Paris Water Company on 'thet of Monday, Sept. 7, his plantouth Main street "was destroyed' 'rp, Mr. J. H. Stivers, of the Sti-fr" Lumber Co., is preparing' to1,1 -, suit" against the Water Cpm-'-' ' for damages sustained in therp and lossof his nroperty, He willi)p joined in the" sirtt by the Jnaw-ance companies wkW eaarled'Vtno uu ms. property, ,are now ntrnrjr tpi fljft. 2? .ii i v-f3 flio TiSip.nnia.j-xTvYiivn riT mii mi- uuaiu wiv -.w-ww - -No .place like home after f all."BUY YOUR FALL SHOES NOWPlenty of sizes in all grades andstyles ofvshoes for men, women andchildren at greatly reduced prices, atGeo. McWilliam's. -BOURBON BANK &. TRUST CO.REVIVAL AT NORTHM1DDLETOWN CHURCH.At a called meeting of the officialbo'ard of the North Middletownp.hriatiaji Church it -was decided tok.i'ji ykvivai p.rvice urith Tiomel"v '.Z. L,-:rf r-Ytatafcir.ioroein u -- iECLJ'S.V,Vf"lt?- 5I?"L. -M,' rifir i- ir ii r liTTrT'TnTMnr- ittrrf Trrti -The Bdurbon County Board of Electhe Commissioners, composed ofMessrs. W. F. Talbott, Chairman, andM. R. Jacoby and B. B. Marsh, met atthe court house Saturday morningand selected the fallowing officers t6serve at the registration on September 18, and both the local optionelections on September 26 and 28 respectively:Paris. No. 1 Wm. Goodloe, TomButler, Judges; Tom Kiser, Clerk;J. P. Hutchcraft, Sheriff.Paris No. 2 Tilford BurnettJr NA. Moore, Judges; J. T. Martin,Clerk; Frank Roche, Sheriff.Paris No. 3 J. S. Wilson, C. L.Blackerby, Judges; Alex Rice, Clerk;G. W. Stuart, Sheriff.Paris No. 4 Walter Clark, J. G.Denton, Judges C. J. Lancaster,Clerk; Pat Cain Sheriff.Paris No. .5 L. D.' Harris, Tv P.Woodsr- Judges; -J.--T. MdC&rthy,Clerk; Harry Baldwin, Sheriff.Paris No. 6 J. W. Thomas, Jr.,Wyatt Thompson, Judges; John Mastin, Clerk; B. J. Brannon, Sheriff.Millersburg No. 1 Wm. Saunders,J. R. Taylor, Judges; Dick Wasoon,Sheriff; John Leer, Clerk.Millersburg No. 2 Henry Bowling,J. B. Vimont, Judges; V. L. Barton,Clerk; John Stuart, Sheriff.Flat Rock No. 1 Ed. Burris, D. T.Crouch, Judges; C. C. Bannister,Sheriff; Ed. Clark, 'Clerk.Flat Rock No. 2 Jas. Dodge, L. R.Rogers, Judges; Redmon Talbott,Sheriff; Wm. Wprnall, Clerk.North Middletown No. 1 DavisPatrick, W. A. Thomason, Judges;B. W. Rash, Sheriff; C. C. Clark,Clerk.North Middletown No. 2 BenWoodford, W. B. Woodford, Judges;Brooks Clay, Clerk; John Hash,-Sheriff.Clintonville No. 1 S. L. Weathers,B. J. Clay, Judges; Geo. W. Morrow,Sheriff; R. S. Darnaby, Clerk.Clintonville No. 2 J. F. Ingels, C.V. Higgins, Judges; Geo. Jones, Sheriff; Jas. Elliott, ClerkHutchison No. 1 J. L. Jacoby,Robt. Meteer, Judges; Jno: Wiggins,Sheriff; Wm. Meteer, Clerk.Hutchison No. 2 Chas. White, J.B. DeJarnett, Judges; Forest LettonriSheriff; C. J. Wright, Clerk. 4Centerville No. 1 'John Shropshire, Ben Buckner, Judges; J. L.Leach, Sheriff; H. C. Clifford; Clerk.Centerville No. 2 Geo. Wagoner,Calvin Jones, Judges; E. C. Cleveland, Sheriff; E. F. Clay, Jr., Clerk.Ruddles Mills No. 1 Jas. FLhser,C. L. Hough, Judges; Al. Roberts,Sheriff; Jack Cunning, Clerk.Ruddles Mills No. 2 Roy Turner,T. H. Talbott, Judges; Steel Marsh,Sheriff; Geo. H. Current, Clerk.Our line of Men's and Boys' Shoes is larger and youhave more different styles to select from than have everbeen shown bef orePatent Leather in lace and button,Gun Metal. Willow Calf, Tans and Vici Kid. The swagger shoe for the young fellow; flat heel, invisible eyelets,long tapering toe, the Johnny Bull toe the kind jthat thecity chaps are wearing.Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes for men tnat sometimes have sore feet are just the thing to cure them.. Witch Elk Water Proof Hunting Shoes can't be, .?See Our Windows!See the Styles!AND BUY YOUR SHOES fROMAFTER TO-DAY IT'S UNLAWFULTo wear a-straw hat. Hundreds ofbright, snappy fall hats here to selectfrom ?3 to $5. rJ. W. DAVIS & CO.ACCIDENTAL SHOOTING.Wliile playing jvith a 22-caliberWinchester rifle at their home on thefarm of Mrs. Cyril Goodman, on theSpears' Mill pike, Sunday, ShermanFields, a six-year-old son. of Ed.Fields, a tenant on the place, wasshot in the head by the accidentaldischarge of the rifle, which was inthe hands of his eight-year-old sister, Lena Fields, T'he bullet struckthe boy in the center of the forehead,penetrating the front lobe of thebrain. He hVs a fair chance for recovery.Mitchell & Blakemore,I The Store for Men's Styles Paris, Kentucky friP""-CALLI Baldwin's IPhone 32FOROystersI Dressed HensI" BroilersI Spring LambChoice Veal1 Fresh Spar eribsI Butter BeansCauliflowert CeleryHead LettucetX Concord Grapest: Elberta PeachesI All Kinds ofCheeseDomestici'jjomeaucf Imoorted&iTHE TINY HAT POPULAR.The jaunty .little hat will be one. iiia Tnrmior sViTf?? for , autumn.though the wide canotier will beJmuch worn. -The upstanding sprajr Xrtf Tiunt nstrinh ives the little hatmutfriign. 'Come bq'a&jjjit.X jhfw yon jour like; i f .j - 4V ;(rnt ywssm faw OMW'iCOUNTRYCLUBCAKESGIVE US YOUR SUNDAY. ORDER.BWINiBROS. I-iiRsoc.tst --&---tJfrw-AlFRANKNow Showing-NEWFALL STYLESIn All Lines.JVO ADVANCE. In Prices.tsee; ourInmmed HatsNotBing Over-$5.00..fI--.FRANK & CO.'-1, The Sfake Where RdiaMfev ."1K V , ,"'.. 'MIIMMMMtMMMiMilllteillltiiniS' 'ZXtiS&-&kr9pcyi. - y.WTVt7K4,r T. tc-&2S"vs$jtK 5- . rtr - y- wF-THE BOURBON HEWS, PARJS,,, - . - . .7 T T ' IT 'la, it v9ES(BSfiBSBSSB-!t j j ,. ympLwm- it ' 'ri Bfl.M-HH-ft99 imbb mammmmiGET THE HABIT1IT WILL PAY!The Bourbon Newsic " vnxi-iM rwn wcur.,.. r 11VIBeing unable to see all my friends and customers, T take thismethod of communication. As a direct result of the Europeanconflict, nearly all the staple food stuffs have made sensationaladvances during the past month. Flour, Meat, Lard, Sugar,Coffee, etc., have all advanced and will probably go muchhigher. " .The terms which the dealers now get from packers and jobbers are becoming more stringent, to carry customers for thirtydays or longer and to allow for bad debts would make itnecessary to tie up a great deal of capital in the business, andas this advancement in prices has also caused a stringency inthe money market, it make it impossible to do business on theold basis. Owing to said conditions I have decided to put ourbusiness onStrictly Cash Basis, BeginningIOctober 1st.tThis is to protect myself an d customers. By selling for casliwe will be able to hold our prices down to the lowest possiblefigure, and urgently advise our customers to adopt this newsystem you can acquire THE HABIT, and be assured it willPAY YOU TO DO IT.We thank each, and every one who has kindly patronized usin the past and trust you will continue business with us underthe new system.T. C. LEINIIJANCash Grocer. Both Phones 234liV.Are You Suffering FromAuto-IntoxicationOVThe dictionarysays that AutoIntoxication is"poisoning, orthe state of being poisoned, from toxic, substances produced within thebody." This is a condition due to the stomach, bowels, kidneys, liver, orpores of the body failing to throw off the poisons. More than 50 of adultsare suffering from this trouble. This is probably why you are suffering fromnervousness, headaches, loss of appetite, lack of ambition, and many othersymptoms produced by Auto-Intoxication. Your wholesystem needs stirring up.DR. PIERCE'S GOLDENMEDICAL DISCOVERYf to TaMmt mr UqmM Form)will remedy the trouble. It first aids the system toexpel accumulated poisons. It acts as a tonic and finallyenables the body to eliminate its own poisons withoutany outside aid. Obey Nature's warnings. Your dealerin medicines will supply you, or you may send 50c for a samplepackage of tablets by mail. Address Dr.V.M.Pierce, Buffalo.N.Y.The latest edition of Dr.Pierce's Common SenseMedical Adviser shouldbe m every family. Noreason why you shouldbe without it when it willbe sent free to you if youwill remit cost of wrap-mnrn.nrlmn.lliTur 31 onecent stamps to Dr.V.M.Fierce, Iiuo. . x.New DirectoryHome Telephone CompanyEstablished 1SS1 32 Years oftinouous Publication.Con-SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Pans, Kentucky,Postofflce as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year. ...$2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable m Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 pents per incheach, subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKETFor SenatorJ. C. W. BECKHAM(Long Term)JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term)For CongressJ. CAMPBELL CANTRILL.PACKERS CONTROL PRICESOF BEEF, SAYS WITNESS.Lbtsiof ..tNtf rhfrisacrb: Daffy5 Grow-'The Jcidney3 often cry ior help.Not another organ in the wholebody more delicately constructed;Not one more important to health.The kidneys are the niters of thfeblood.When they failthe blood becomesfoul and poisonous.Tjhere11 can be no health wherethere is poisoned blood.Backache is one of the frequent indications of kidney trouble.It is often the kidney's cry forhelD. Heed it.Read what Doan's Kidney Pills ihave., done for overworked kidneys.Proof of merit in" the followingstatement: ,Mrs, Eva Cooper, Main Street, Winchester, Ky., says: "Although I neverhad occasion to use a kidney remedymyself, I can strongly recommendDoan's Kidney Pills for we havetaken them with excellent Resultsfor pain in the back and kidneys."Price 50c, at all" dealers. Don'tsimply' ask for a -kidney remedy-getDoan's Kidney Pillo the Game thatMrs. Cooper had. Foster MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y.you are reminded of the fact thatthere is too much cheap talcumpowder and not, enough soap thesedays.CHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC CHOLERA-AND DIARRHOEA REMEDYThe Paris Home Telephone and Telegraph Company are now-tompiling the data for their new Telephone Directory, which will- contain the largest list of subscribers and advertisers since the! organization of the Company.The new Directory will go to press about October 1, and ifyou desire good telephone service at fair rates, your name should-appear in this book.Call Manager's office, 427. Do it now. .Sfe Paris fiowe ttltpbone ana CtltgrapD Co(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.POPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSunday, SEPT. 2075cRourtdTripscenIryRECREATION75cRoundTripMUSICNEW YORK, Sept. 11. Beef packers of the United" States now are inabsolute control of the Argentineoutput of beef, thus destroying thevalue of Argentine beef as a competitive check on the priee of nativebeef, according to testimony givenbefore Chief Magistrate McAdoo today at the inquiry into the advancein food prices. Jacob Block, memberof a firm owning several meat markets in this city, asserted that everybit of beef from Argentina must now,be bought from the American packers. As an instance of how this controlinfluenced the price, the witnessstated that at one time beef heartscould be bought for 25 cents each.When the American packers obtained control of the Argentine output,he continued, beef hearts were putinto cold storage, thus diminishingthe supply, so that to-day the cost ofthese hearts is about $1.50 each.The packers have arranged the territory outside New York City so thatthe small dealers are at their mercy,Mr. Bloch testified.In a small town incapable of supporting more than one good sizedestablishment, one packing concernis located, and the butchers are forced to buy from that one packer. Inlarge places the business is split up.Asked to explain the cause of thepresent shortage of beef, the witnesssaid a shortage had existed for thirteen years. In that time, he said,the supply of cattle in this countryfell short of the demand by 16,000,000and the shortage was growing morepronounced.As remedies for the present conditions, he offered the following suggestions for action by Congress:An export duty should be placedon beef; the Government lands ofthe West should be thrown open forgrazing; killing of any female calfunder three or five years old, or ofany calf weighing less than 150pounds, should be prohibited; tenper cent, of the income tax should beused for fostering the raising of cattle; and public slanghterhouses, likethose of England, should be established by the Government.Dr. W. F. Phillips, aged aboutfifty-eight years, committed suicidehanging himself with a rope halter inthe barn of his brother-in-law, Mr.Robert Rankin, near Morning Glory,in Harrison County, Wednesdayevening.Deceased was a brother-in-law ofOscar Rankin, of ,Bourbon County,and an uncle of Capt. C. E. Peterson,conductor on the local L. & N. passenger train between Cynthiana andLexington.Dr. Rankin was one of the mostprominent physicians in HarrisonCounty, and was a prominent Mason.His finances are said to be in excellent shape, and no cause is assignedfor his rash actHe is survived by his widow, Mrs.Alice Rankin Phillips, and onedaughter, Mrs. Grover Buckner, ofHarrison County.The funeral services will be heldat the residence at Morning Glory,Saturday afternoon, at 1 o'clock, conducted by Rev. S. H. Burgess. Burial at Battle Grove cemetery."I advised the 'boys'-when they enlisted for the Spanish war to takeChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy witi them, and havereceived thanks for the advice given," writes J. H. Houghland, Eldon,Iowa. "No person, whether travelingor at home should be without thisgreat remedy." For sale lay all dealers. (adv-sept.)HAPPY MOTHERHOODThehappinessof motherhood istoooftenchecked because the mother's strength Isnot equal to her cares, while her unselfishdevotion neglects her own health.It is a duty of husband or friend to seethat she gets the pure medicinal nourishment in Scott's Emulsion, which is nota drug or stimulant but nature's concentrated oil-food tonic to enrich and enliven the blood, strengthen the nerves andaid the appetite. Physicians everywhereprescribe Scott's Emulsion for overworked, nervous, tired women; it buildsup and holds up their strength.Get Scott's at your nearest drag store"" " -' ' ' I " T- " '- - ' - - pTr" ?..- , .......,.TlHMII'm ft ifnBTin ! t3BHWHWB8wwlfTIMWMnHlMIMMMHMHWMIIIIlllllllllllB s.1111 1 li C?:r?v,R- L J w4HP9S9BiHI AreSHINGLES.StormproofThey interlock and overlap in such a way thatthe hardest drivrag rain or sifting snow cannot possibly get under them.Besides, this -they last indefinitely, and never need repairs.Another point They're very reasonable 'in first cost. You canlearn all about them fromBEST & HAWKINS, flHfiZ33E2wa;cOiBourbon Laundry $D WIS & FUNK, Props. $Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Launolrtfamous fb fine work and itdever goes bck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.IaJiCCXll in gIBPopular Price ExcursionTo Cincinnati and ReturnSunday, Sept 20, 1914,$1.50For the Round TripSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a. m., returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m.Tickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train Ieaing at lO.Sd am.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further information.H. C. KING. Passenger and Ticket Agent,C 101 E. Main St. .Phone. 49 LEXINGTON. KY.-. - - -" QaMcirreltoTM Rbeam&tiscu Sore Mui.MM, SMTalgia, Backache, Headache aadwmsm. i our money DacKUitxaiM toioim Mr motM in any part or. t&e aoay1MB atlBHTM TiaoA 'MillM. Tour aMr ette iiVmESiCUSOc At All 2rMi.MiaiiMlar aia mt.EMEBY COHPMfY,St.Ky.3It. HExpert CarriagePainter.Mr. Percy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast 8 yers, has opened a shop at thecorner of Fouth and High' Streets, andsolicits the p&troaage of tkm needing anything in kw liae.Both Phone 5S&t$100 REWARD$100.The readers of this paper -will bepleased to learn that there isat leastone drfcaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cureis the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeing a constitutional disease, requires a constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the blood andmucous surfaces of the system,thereby destroying the foundation ofthe disease, and giving the patientstrength by building up the constitution and assisting nature in doing itswork. The proprietors have so muchfath in its curative powers that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, 0.Sold by all Druggists.' 75c. - ,- LTake, Hall's Family Pills, or.constiipsttiom. - -" , tA i .. rLow round trip Summer Touristtickets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct. 31, with very liberalstop-over privileges. For further information call on or addressJ. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.Headacheis one Of the common symptoms of womanly trouble, andthe cause has to be removedbefore you can rid yourself of itentirely. A medicine that merely kills pain, does not go to theseat of the trouble, and kill thecause. What .you need is awoman's medicine one whichacts directly, yet gently, on thewomanly organs.TAKECarduiThe Woman's TonicAfter having used Cardui,Miss Lillie Gibson, of Chriseman, Texas, writes: ''Aboutthree years ago,- I was justentering womanhood, and wassick in bed for nearly ninemonths. Sometimes 1 wouldhave such headaches, and other aches, I could hardly standIt. I tried, Cardui, and' now Iam cured of all my troubles. -1shall praise, Cardui as long as Il-ttve.' Cardui is the medicine"v&vetd. -Try. E-IFT i a. " 'J. ' ' 'Weight? Yes. Wait? No."Now is the time, to place your order for your Winter Coa!at Summer prices.A FEW REASONS:We buy direct from the' mines,We deliver direct from cars to your residence.We own our teams and can control deliveries.Our offiice is at the yard and we see that you get the coalyou order.We have no solicitors; you get his commission in th'e better quality of coal.Every customer is satisfied with our coal delivery and become a booster.We never substitute.Many of our customers were burning the wrong kind, ofcoal until advised by us.One a customer, always a customer.FOX RIDGE COAL isHhe coal that does the work.1.2.3.4.6.7.8.9.10.Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.Yards, SraMiin St.Both Phones 140gpGUe29Btts9EZBBtf&0fcGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED E1BALME1.BOTH'PHONES DAU15W; NIGHT 299..s -wmwmmwmmmmmwmwmmmamParis Odorless Cleaning Co.Let us Make (hat Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we' send your7 clothes home,andill wonder why yqu have not tried us before.AN' Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedjto-your satisfaction.We Cair Por and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.1Paris Odorless Cleaning 0., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid.Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c1'"'""M""'"''"'''7,M,'MII iThe happy-go-lucky young man isnever that way when he gets old.There were a lot of disgusted girlsat a local hathing heach one day lastweelc. A yainstorin came -up suddenly and rind their hathing gowns hefore they could find shelter.What has become q the ..old-fash:ioned mam who; used to irera yanirui vicra u. ,-u v JUfti-i -JSow (v fr '-' f'" vaa -Qpr to btt"'ahiipwJd:ne is. 5 a in,- -. uHandsome Residence For Sale.'$1? reeidence on"Mt. Airy- tefersal:- One of. thost modi luior. , L T - . ' -v. jiry coarwiienwi. jwslNqwra NrJr4 ,ttfKtcad qpt mam jgTf.-JT.rHfimamlfc -V- "v-.tri1 j WH A P"lfi MJ P"V, -- -?JT "j,-. .- '&&J "1r .-- Vi. - . 'K?iHff..r4e' tZ3A j,i-iS3?. r V "vir.. ' "ViV ii.fOFDesirable City Residence,Building Lots and Personal Property.In the Matter of the Assignedife LW. O. Hinton, Assignee. , r.- &&'i-nAPursuant to an order of sale made in the above styled cause in theBourbon County Court, the undersigned Assignee, will, on 'TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1914,at the home place of said George Alexander, on the northeast corner of9Pleasant and Eighth streets, in Paris,Ky., at about the hour of io o'clocka, m., upon the credits of six, twelve andi eighteen months, for equalparts of the purchase money, sell at puhlic auction, free from home-steadand contingent dower rights, the property 'described in the order of salein the above styled Gause, to-wit:"That tract of three (3) acres and twenty (20) poles of land lyingon the east side of Pleasant Street, and .north side of Eighth Street.,in the City of Paris, Ky., it being the place kriown as the George Alexander Home Place, whereupon stands his residence.The said property will be sold in the following manner, to-wit:The rear premises will be divided into building lots and the saidbuilding lots and the front lot whereon stands the residence and outbuildings will be offered separately to the highest and best bidder andthen the property will be offered as a whole to the highest and best bidder, and the Assignee will accept the bid or bids aggregating the mostmoney therefor, with the privilege of withdrawing the said home place orany part thereof altogether, if in his opinion, the whole or Subdivisionsthereof should not bring what shbuld be realized therefor, with a viewof making a more advantageous ale.The divisions into which the property will be offered for sale will beindicated before the sale by stakes and lines on the premises for the inspection of purchasers. ,The purchaser or purchasers to execute bondpayable to the Assignee, bearing date of sale due in six, twelve and eighteen months, with interest thereonfrom date of sale at the rate of sixper cent, per annum until paid, with good surety to be approved by theAssignee. r' ALSO PERSONAL PROPERTY.At the same time and place and beginning after the sale of the realestate, the Assignee will, pursuant to an order of the Court, in the abovestyled cause, proceed to offer at public outcry all household and kitcheneffects and other-personalty and continue such sale from day to day until completed. Among the articles of personal property to be sold at thesale are the following:Oak Bed Room Furniture,Mahogany Bed Room Furnifure,Mahogany library Furniture, "Mahogany Dining Table,Large Mahogany Side Board,Mahogany Dining Charis,Carved Mahogany Library Table,Mahogany Bookcase, -- 'Lot of Books.Parlor Chairs, -Leather Chairs, ' -Odd Rockers, 'Large Hat Rack, -AntiqueJapanese Lamp, 'Mahogany Consol Table,Upright Grand Player Piano. ,Small Tables, ' ..Chiffoniers,Draperies, .. ' -Genuine Oriental Rugs both, smalland room-sizes some of them antiques. Wilton & Body Brussell Rugs andCarpels,Axminster and Velvet Rugs andCarpets,Pictures, -1 Large Mantel Mirror,Bisque Figures, " ,Japanese and Oriental Ornaments,Bronze Statuary,Marble Statuary,Large and Small Bronze 'Vases,Teakwood Pedestals and Tabourettes;, V"Full Chimed Hirshaday Grandfather Clock, ' v'Large Chinese Vases,Bronze) Bisque - and PcxcelainVases, -v-OddFancy Plates,Household goods "may Jse inspected at residence before sale.The Assignee reserves the right'to withdraw any of the property to be sold, if in his opinion,, the price bid therefor is inadequate. '- W O. HIINTOIN, Assignee.KENTUCKYSEPT. 14th to 19th, 1914 j$3,000 SADDLE HORSE STAKE J$1,000 LifhtHanMMStaSra - $1,000 Roadster iukeStudent's Judgwf Comtert Farmer Boys' EacaWneatTROTTING AND PACINfc RACES EACH PAYFuw Exkibks of Horses, Cattle,Seed susd Graia, HorticultureCLEAN MIDWAY ANDGRANDFIREWORKS ', DISPLAYReduced Railroad toJ. L. DENT,70S PulJoBuadkirEstate of George ' Alexander-it-I -C JSet of, China Dishes,China Fruit Set,Cut Glass Vases,Cut Glass Pitchers,Cut Glass Dishes,Cut Glass Decanters,All kind of fancy Cups, Saucersand Plates,Knives and Forks,Silverware,Toilet Sets, ',Bath Room Furniture,Porch Furniture,Laundry Outfit, 'Kitchen Range,Gas Stove,Refrigerator,Numerous other articles usuallyfound in well furnished homes, ;Family Carriage Horse,Carriage and Harness,Hemp Machiae,15 Shares Paris Opera House Co.4 Shares Boorbon County Agricultural Society,2 Shares Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.,500 Shares Citizens' NationalIns. Co., Louisville,11 Shares Fifth-Third 'NationalBas.k, of Cincinnati,1 Share L. & M. Rubber Co.,1 Certificate Fifth-Third NationalBatik, of Cincinnati,5 Shares Chicago-New York Electric Air Line R. R. Co.,100 Shares Travelers' InsuranceMachine Co., '0 Shares Central and SouthernAdvertising Agency.STATE FAIRSwine, Sheep, Poultry, Fieldaad Woraaa's HandiworkFREE ATTRACTIONiin.TTir nr urvihnxBAMLt ur WCAIUUt FerCauUgne mJEatiySecretary,- " LOUISVI: AddressKY.VHWI.IJII lllll HI J1IIIIMIL.? iv IEUROPEAN WAR-JN BRIEF.mEARLY WftR NEWS.WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 11. "most simultaneously, Japan, the acCracow, capital of -Austrian Poland ! tive ally of Great Britain, was assur-n.A i. iji . lA.auu a, sirongnoia, was captured Dythe Russians.German forces are still falling .backin FranflP nonnrriin tr art annnnncp.ment, which also says 'the allies have ROME, September . 11. The forthgained about 40 miles of territory in , coming Japal encyclical, the issue oftheir advance, an increase of 12the operations during the past 24hours.British and French forces havecrossed the River Marne, the Britishcapturing men and guns. The actionof greatest severity is being foughtbetween Mailly and Vitry-le-Francois.In the engagement between Britishand Germans in Nyassaland, BritishCentral Africa, the Germans, according to 'the British official press bureau, were driven back to the RiverSongwe, which is part of the frontierbetween the British and German protectorates. Prince Joachim Albrecht, of Prussia, son of the late Prince Frederick Albert, Regent of Brunswick, anda second cousin of the German Emperor, and Prince Frederick of Hessehave been wounded in battle.The British Prime Minister hascalled for more men to serve thecountry, and when the Government'splans are completed the British armywill number 1,854,000 men.Additional British casualties havebeen made public, covering the period up to September 7, and bringingthe total for the campaign close to19,000 killed, wounded and missing.President Wilson was informed byAmbassador Page taat Great Britainwould not heed offers of peace untilGermany had been decisively defeated. This statement was taken asevidence that Page had been directedto inquirers to Engl&nd's sentimentin the matter and as confirmation ofthe report that the Kaiser askedPresident Wilson to intercede whenhis army was victorious.TURKEY'S OPPORTUNITY.WASHINGTON, Sept. 11. Turkeyformerly notified the United Statesand the nations of the world Sept.10 that she had abrogated the series'of conventions, treaties and 'privileges oraiginating as early as the Eleventh Century, whereby foreigners inthe Ottoman Empire have been exempt from local jurisdiction in civiland criminal cases.Foreign subjects no longer will enjoy what is known as extra territorial rights, through which they .havebeen tried by their own judges, diplomatic representatives 'or Consuls.This practice, abolished by Japanseveral years ago through the negotiation of new treaties, Turkey hasremoved by a stroke of the pen. Herpurpose, it is desired, is to asserther independence and fre e herselffrom the domination of the greatPowersUpon the rights1 revoked has restedthe legal status of Aemrican missionaries in Turkey, ermitting them tomaintain churches, hospitals andschools in religious freedom. Administration officials declined tonight to discuss the effect of the action on American missions."The removal of every kind ofprivileges enjoyed by the Powers inexcess of what the general principlesof international law allow is themeaning of this step." A. RustemBey, Turkish Ambassador to theUnited States declared to-night."This war is Turkey's opportunity."GERMANS RECEDE 46 MILES.PARIS, September 11, 3:17 p. m.News from the fighting line to theeast of Paris is to the effect at somepoints the Germans have retiredfrom sixty to seventy-five kilometers(from 37 to 46 miles.)BRITISH CAPTURE GERMAN LINER NOORDAM.LONDON, September 11. The Exchange Telegraph Company announces that the Holland-American linerNoordam, bound from New York toRotterdam ;with German reservistsand a general cargo, also 'destinedfor Germany, has been captured, inthe Atlantic and is "being brought into Queenstovn by a British cruiser.The prisoners will reach Queenstownaccompanied by British cruisers enTonta to the place of detention.IKDIAN TROOPS PASS THROUGHCANADA.CLEVELOND, O., September 11British East India troops -now passing through Canada total not lessthan 100,000, .with heavy contingentsof cavalry, artillesrv and iieJd equipment. This became known -definitelythrough statements of Ohio .businessinen who ha've been commissioned bythe Canadian Pacific to furnish provisions to the troops while on theirlong journey across the continent.PEACE OVERTURES TALKER OF.WASHINGTON, Sept. 11. Authentic anformation came Thursday nightfrom one of the highest sources inthefGovernment confirming lie reportthat cautious overtures for peace recently were made through this Government by GermanyAt. .the Darticular moment that the(other belligerents were to be .sounded on the question of a cessation orhostilities the success of the Germanarmies had been coniinnous and irresistible. Germany ras occupyingBelgium, and her army had pushedforward into France and had possession of one half of the northeasternpart of that country. Russia had notyet destroyed the Austrian, army inGalicia, ,but had begun her invasionof Eastern Prussia.It is almost significant fact thatjust about the time the way for peacewas thus opened by the successfulGermans, Sir Edward Grey, the British Foreign Minister, suddenly summoned the French and Russian Ambassadors and the three of themsigned up the famous agreementthat none' of the allies would negotiate peace separately. This andj-j subsequent diplomatic , events all tenaj Pans, Ky., ,Septr 8, 1914. " - - ParisKy. 1f m - -".. . .1'i "i jii jim njpiiiwifiI velop4 'to-afefet. A. day-or two aWrmo compact .Between .in uies wajrsigned?1 Italy was infomed;l)y 'themtnat if she -. remained neutral 'theTriple Entente would permit her toengage in the" settlement of peace atthe conclusion of ihe war, and, al-i nA t,i. !. 'u -l ,. . -u umi. sue aiso wouia De permittedI to participate.POPE IS TO MAKE EFFORT FOR' P'RAP.'R!.whiceen purposely delayed un-tilisof the decisive battle1 contain an appeal forpeaPoHHsSmct has annrnanhpd Anstria aermany through their envoys hefeT an'd both informed thePontiffthat they are favorably disposed to second his efforts for peace.The Czar is understood to be prepared to submit the Pope's offer tothe deferential consideration ofGreat Britain and Austria. PopeBenedict hopes that his appeal maylead to an armisitce, which wouldbe a prelude to peace.GERMANY AND AUSTRIA WILLNOT MAKE PEACE SEPARATELY. COPENHAGEN, Sept. 11. TheVossische Zeitung, of Berlin declares that previous to rthe outbreakof war Germany and Austria-Hungaryagreed, as now have the parties to the Triple Entente, not tomake peace separately.ROUMANIA, GREECE AND BULGARIA TO PREVENT TURKSAIDING GERMANY.LONDON, Sept. 11. The attitudeof Turkey, which has been a subjectof paramount anxiety to the foreignoffices of Europe seems to have beendecided for her, if a story here is(Continued on Page 6.)OFSPLENDIDEMonday, Oct. 5, 1914.1st As agent of Joseph H. Clay, Iwill rent publicly, at the Court Housedoor, in Paris, Kentucky, about thehour of 11 o'clock, a. m., on ,MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1914,to the highest and best bidder, thefarm containing about 364 acres, belonging to Joseph H. Clay, ljung andsituate on the Escondida 1 Stationturnpike, near Escondida Station, inBourbon County, Kentucky. Thereare upon this farm two comfortabletenant-houses, with the necessaryoutbuildings attached. About 7 acresof said lands are to be cultivated intobacco, about 127 acres in corn, 45acres, in meadow, and the remainderin grass; that in meadow and grassto so remain. The lands so to becultivated in corn and tobacco arethe same lands now in cultivation insaid crops during the present year.TERMS Said land will be rentedfor a term of one year, beginningMarch 1, 1915, and ending March 1,1916, and for the rental a note payable to the undersigned as committee of Joseph H. Clay, with good surety to be- approved by the undersigned, will be required, said noteto become due and payable March 1,1916.2nd Also at the same time andplace, as agent for Miss Letitia Clay,I will rent publicly, to J!he highestand best bidder, her farm lying andsituate immediately upon the Parisand Winchester turnpike, in Bourbon County, Kentucky, about 5 milesfrom Paris, and containing 227 acres,of which 91 acres is to be cultivatedin corn and the remainder is in grassand is to so remain.TERMS-r-Said 227 acres will likewise 'be rented for the period of oneyear, beginning March 1, 1915, andending Jtfarch 1, 1916. One-third ofthe rental to be paid in cash onMarch 1, 1915, one-third September 1,1915, and the remaining one-thirdMarch 1, 1916, and for which saidrentaL notes with good surety, to beapproved by the undersigned aridpayable to JMiss Letetia Clay, will berequired.3rd Also at the same time andplace, as agent for the committee ofGeorge -Clay, I will rent publicly atract of 50 acres of land lying andsituate immediately upon tha Parisand Winchester turnpjLke, adjoiningthe above described lands of MissLetitia Clay, and upon which 50 acretract there is-a good and substantialbrick dwelling with all necessary,outbuildings, all in a first-class stateof repair. Immediately adjacent tothe residence there is a splendidspring with a continuous flow of water throughout the year. Of the said50 acres, approximately 6 acres areto be coiltivated in tobacca and approximately 24 acres in corn, or truckgarden, and the remainder is to remanf in grass. The lands to be cultivated in corn and tobacco are thesame now in cultivation in corn andtobacco at this time.TERMS Said land will be rentedfor the term of one year, bgeinningMarch 17 1915, and ending March 1,1916, and for the rental a note withgood surety to be approved by theundersigned, payable to H. C. Howard as committee of George Clay,will be required.FRANK CLAY,Committee of Joseph H. Clay., 4FRANK CLAY,Agent of Miss Letitia ClayrFRANK CLAY,Agent of H. C. Howard, Committeeof George Clay.tHBltfunic FlemingM...... "m: 1 1 u'MiWKINDLY' v k. jam JMmm ZSfcw r "rC&iiafsSo&StSiHflHraliViy.2iB9BaS$cQ4H9BtKly!0VCIFA vMKTc .mILHfTwin Bros. Dspaiiw Siorc.Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky5AnnouncementThe Semi-Annual Display of High Class SeasonableSuitings and Novelties By"-I - 'The Superior Tailoring Company,Cincinnati,Will Be Given At Our Establishment OnTUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,SEPTEMBER, 15-16.Orders Booked For Immediate or Future Delivery.cTHeasures'TakenWoolens Will Be Shown"X'"7"XXi.Clothing and Shoe Department.L. WOLLSTEIN, Prop.Public SaleOFStock, Crop and FarmImplements.Having sold my farm, I will expose at public sale all of my stock,crop and farming implements, onWednesday,, Sept. 16, 1914,beginning at 10 a. m. o'clock, on thepremises on the Ruddles Mills pike,one and one-half miles from Paris,as follows:1 pair grey mares, bred to Speakes'Percheron stallion;1 three-year-old brown colt;1 yearling gray filly by Hutch,craft's Percheron stallion;2 niare ponies, gentle for womenand children; '1 red cow with heifer calf;2 yearling steers;2 white faced heifers;1 Jersey bull calf;20 good ewes;,V2 Southdown bucks"; ' " ' '4 Poland China sows;"- J"h1 two-horse wagon and bed;v1 hay frame; ' S , tx1 roller;' s."1 corn planter; ' - ,y1 wheat drill;1 Randall harrow;1 drag harrow;1 Deering binder;1 hay rake;2 top buggies;1 runabout;2 sets of harness;1 r .-4 I5V1 Vulcan breaking plQw;1 Avery riding cultivator;1 mower;About 15 acres of corn:Some furniture.JTERMS Made, known on daysale.of's. THOS. K. MARSH.-.- ..-..-...,R. .P. D. No. 5,feJfV - -r1w "5V?NowGoingGreater.gains thn ypu, have ever before heard of IParis.CALL AT-zBy an Expert,in Full Length Dr,Jr.WE HAVE TAIEN AFALLOUT OF OUR PRICES.PREPARE FOR .FALLBuy your Gas Heatersat special reduced prices,for cash.Everything guaranteed. vNothing charged' j.PARIS GAS &ELECTRIC CO.iIncorporated.For Rent"V. 1Frame house on Secotl street,Apply at 315 Pleasant Steet-R. Xeiepnone ZYt, or at , Piris 2 BookStore, E. T. telephone 582Pony a Saddle and tiiiV'-.pony cart?toire at N"ews oAa.FORSALE;-vf?.Great ';!BargafciSale ":!& :33:rosTV - JHMdWT aaoacHsiKf, .&.i$i4.vV i.&?hiLjfcf.5W-I.'-Bmmmmmwmtmmmmmmmmmf-1: a..,-i.xij.. .t, , .utua it -vn itrx i' .u r .. - -,.. ,-i. -r" . - ;t. . itt"'- t - w uwmi"i.d mu; .jjiwa wivu,u.c u.. r , xvhiiuby. Auuuuntsr. - ..,hKMinr' nA-' .-. jt r ra it-Yi.-- ' . r -E.W1- "'JR- Vsrw -j. i&"rm BOURBONPi..xc. m&''3279ffTOBACCO TRADEISSUES WARNING.SaysProhibition Campaign Will BeFoNowed By Fight onTobacco. -SILL OFFERED IN LOUISIANA.PJanters and Dealer CautionerAgainst "Unjustifieable Attacksof Extremists."(Advertisement.)'Believing that prohibitionists arepreparing to launch a vigorous campaign seeking to make illegal theculture, manufacture and sale of toTmcco in the State of Virginia, members of the Richmond Tobacco Tradeat a called meeting, passed resolutions designed. to warn those engaged in the tobacco business against"the threatened attack" and intended to protect tobacco interestsagainst the "unreasoning and unjustifiable attacks of extremists." Tenthousand copies of the resolutionirill he printed for immediate distributon, and steps are being taken toinform the tobacco interests throughout the country of the situation.Tobacconists believe that to forbidthe culture of tobacco in Virginia-would be to prohbit one of the largest and most remunerative cropsgrown in the State, and the farmerswould be deprived of a crop -whichfurnishes them much "ready money."Much -wealth in the State is investedin tobacco manufacturingplants andstorage houses, and to make themanufacture of the weed illegal"would, of course, paralyze this industry-In Richmond alone millions of. dollars are invested in tobacco enter" prises, the city being the largestcgarette manufacturing center inthe United States.A prolific source of revenue wouldbe closed to the United States government should the proposed measure become effective. From TheTimes Dispatch, Richmond, Va., nur8 u inan thattbi IjsOeaiirelyuntrue. , sThe Prohibitionists say.lVote outthe licensed ..saloon and savjs yourgirl. Report of various committees which have investigated vice inthe larger cities of America showthat the saloon leads fewer than seven per cent, of ithe girls who gowrong. The dance hall and povertyare the chief causes 'of immoralityamong young women in me cities,and not liquor.' A vast majority of the young women and young men who go wrongare tempted either by love of moneyor love of lust and a GOOD TIME.So few are those who take thedownward path in the licensed"saloonthat, the number is insignificantWOMEN ARE NOT ALLOWED INTHE SALOONS OF PARIS. Theveracity of this statement cannot bequestioned.Licensed saloons PROTECT YOURBOY instead of ruining him, A law,prohibiting minors from enteringsaloons in Paris, has always beenand is now BEING STRICTLY ADHERED TO. If the licensed saloonhouses are voted out, WHAT PRO-.TECTION WILL THERE THEN BEFOR YOUR BOY? A bootlegger,who fears no law, because he can escape the meshes with the paymentof a fine, would sell YOUR YOUNGSON any amount ofmean whisky asfast as he produces the cash. WOULDTHAT BE PROTECTION? -As long as liquor is manufacturedthere will be thousands of men todrink it. As long as there are menand women there will be immoralmen and women. Neither is neededto perpetuate the life of the other.Neither man orwoman needs drinkliquor to be immoral, and vice versa.the city $1,000 each- peryear r lB,;000 in 'all annually. V1 1' ."They dor not pay. one c&ittcr tfiethe000countv. Mark that;"- s . - AIt would have been aneasy matterfor him to have ascertained thetruth, if he had "wished, and statedthat instead of not paying one centto the county, they pay yearly thesum of $3,300.He dwells with special .emphasisupon the amount we pay our CountyAttorney and Prosecuting Attorneyfor the prosecuting of criminals madeso bv liauor. He does not even hint)HHHiMajHfMding perfor thespeak-plicity,, everyhappy homea have been tern jumnd and thonfeaJMis' of .useful Hyos'wrecked tltroutff JASSION .Are yjnr 'going to let your voter inthe election this month 'express thesentimenf of Passion or weigh everyphase of th question carefully andconsiderately and refuse to sign thedejrtji-warrant ofl PROSPERITY forPARIS?WHAT AN OUTSIDER THINKSOF THE LfQUOR QUESTION.Mr:joiisKGcnDcr-FACTS VS. FICTION.HOW TO PROTECT YOUR BOY.(Advertisement.)The battle cry of Prohibitionis,tsia every campaign they launch is,'Save the Boy," or "Save the Girl."These advocates of a thing whichmeans the forfeiture of personaljrights and liberty, would, have everyTrtan in Bourbon to believe thatliquor is responsible for the downfallof every young man and every young"woman, no matter how numerousthey might be.Common sense, if nothing else, J(Advertisement.)The official statistician of the dryforces in a recent article in a localpaper, casts a brilliant horoscope forthe future of Bourbon County in casethe drys should not prevail. Onewould judge from a casual persual ofthe article that it was written by aperson who was conversant with thefacts. But a. second ana more, thorough study of the article will impress anyone with the fact that isbears the' ear mark of a distortedmind.If, as lie says, the voting-of Bourbon County dry will cause our people to prosper and our county tobloom and blossom as a rose, howdoes he account for the FACT that7G out of the 80 pauper counties inKentucky are Prohibition counties?How does ""he account for theFACT that 94 Prohibition counties inKentucky show a net deficit of $771,494.27, while 26 licensed counties inKentucky produce a net surplus of1,189,491.46?FACTS are FACTS, and fairy talesare but fiction.The statistician says: "There arefifteen saloons in Paris which pay toat the fact that an oyecent of that amountprosecution of bootleeasys in local optionHe savs with cmthat if thes aloons wcent now spent in themu would be tothe butcher, baker, or :otner merchants. It is a well recognized act,that more liquor is consumed in Carlisle, Cynthiana, and other dry townsnow than when the licensed saloonprevailed, and neither the city orcounty gets one cent of revenuefrom it. ' 'The entire article teems with misrepresentations, and is evidentlywritten -with the hope that the average man will read it, and believe it,and vote accordingly. ine oniysensible expression is in the lastline "This is sheer idocy," and inthat we fully concur. (The wet side of this controversydoes not attempt to appeal to thesense of humor of the voter by hiring $50 a day humorists to tell himfunny stories; nor do they wish toappeal to him in any way but from astrictly business and moral standpointthat of common sense.If you want higher taxes in Bour-!bon County; ; if you want your moneyto go to Lexington to neip enncnand develop that city and FayetteCounty, vote dry.If you want to make Paris a deadtown; if you want whisky sold bybootleggers and speak-easies, withno revenue to the city or county,vote drv.Tf von want to encourage hypocrisy and moral dishonesty, vote dry.If you want lawless traffic inunnnr nnri innreased drunken menon the sly, vote dry. -If you want to prove that Prohibition does not prohibit, but only tendsto 'lessen respect for the law, votedry.But if you prefer prosperity to pauperism; sincerity to hypocrisy; regulation to disorder, VOTE WET.taoc5ttaeeISEImTHINKBEFORE CASTING YOURVOTE SEPTEMBER 28.tftGmMr. Bourbon County Farmer' (Advertisement.)Roval E. Cabel. formerly UnitedStates Commissioner of Internal Revptiiip in a recent address said thatthe records show that in 1911, 20,000,000 gallons of whisky went direct toconsumers in PROHIBITION tjwuRITORY by the express routeAT.rvNrrc in shinments of less thanthan two gallons each. Take thelicensed saloons from Paris and thecity, though losing thousands of dollars IN TAXES ANNUALLY, wouldstill be flooded with liquor of everydescription. Place the stamp of disapproval of such tactics by votingagainst Prohibition and FOR thelicensed saloon on September 28.Personal ambitions and greed playthe major role in every Prohibitionlight ana the one now being madein Paris and Bourbon county is notexception.aniThe soil in Bourbon County is noted for producing the verybest grades of hurley tobacco, which it yields in abundant crops,and which is by far your largest source of revenue. This advantage has increased the value of your farm lands upward ofxone hundred per ""cent, during the last ten years.The Virginia agitators, who term themselves Prohibitionists,have served notce pn the tobacco interests that after they havewiped out the saloons and the liquor traffic they propose, -to IN-'AUGURATB A CRUSADE AGAINST WHAT v THEY CALLWHAT .THEY"THE TOBACCO EVIL."MWhat applies to Virginia "ami tobacco manufacturing center,will also apply to Kentucky as a tobacco producing center. Indeed, some ef the alleged; reformers in this State have alreadyplaced themselves on record as being in favor of applying to theKentucky Legislature for a law that will prohibit the sale of4 tobacco in any form..Can you, JMr. Farmer, imagine the hardship this would worko6.eeomQmooQ6)GOftae&Failing to convince the people of.Paris by statistics from "dry" Statesthat Prohibition has given a successlocal advocates nave abandoned thisplan and now are making butone excuse for their fight against alegitimate business. If prohibitionhas proven a failure everywhere elsewhat reason have Bourbon countyvoters to believe it will prove . successful here? - x9--f.upon you?The Prohibitionists are now asking you to help" destroythe liquor traffic in Bourbon, and turn the" tide of businessfrom Bourbon Cdunty to Fayette. If they succeed they willnextcall on the voter of Bourbon County to help prohibit thevsale 'of tobacco,( and then destroy a market for your principalproduct. KTHINK TWICE, !MR. FARMER, BEFORE YOU VOTE ONCE(advertisement)(4uVfA 'MmNn.Jlri""""" Tr'TTflttriMMCFarmers in Bourbon county interested in the tobacco growing industry should stop, look and listen before they deposit a ballot for prohibition.This crusade, if successful, will unquestionably be followed by a movement against tobacco.Every man who thinks he is capable of self-government should opposeprohibition.When a man governs himself, thatis liberty; when he gbverhs anotherman, that is despotism.NOT TIME FOR PASSION.(Advertisement.)A prominent railroad contractor,who has lived long enough in Paristo understand local conditions, butwho has no more interest in the affairs of the city than any other transient resident, in discussing theliquor question on the streets thisweek,' expressed the opinion that local option in Paris would bethe greatest possible blow to thecity's wonderful growth and prosperity. He said in part:"If Prohibition would prohibit themanufacture of liquor, there mightbe some sense in passing a prohibitive law, but- the passage of a localoption law in a city like Paris, withLexington wet, as it is conceded itwill be by even some of he dryforces of that city, would cause greatgavoc.to the growth and prosperityof Paris."Personally, I am not a drinkingman, and would not be affectedwhether prohibition carries or not,but to one like myself, an outsider,the situation, looks grave. In myjudgment, if Paris vites 'd'ry"all decent motorists and travelerswould have to find a new route- between Paris and Lexington. I" believe there would be more "joy-riders,"more automobile wrecks andmore ruined young men, if Prohibition carries, than are caused by allthe open saloons at present in thecity."This sentiment is expressed byevery fair-minded man who has considered the question in' a fair-mindedmanner. It has been always thus,What a man wants, he wants; andwhat he can't have, he wants worsethan ever. If all, he has to do is tostop for a moment in an open saloonto secure a drink of whisky, thewhisky loses its attraction in manycases, and two-thirds of the time hedoesn't take the trouble to stop forhis drink. But if in his mind is theidea that he is forbidden to drink inhis home town, and that lie may bystealth outwit the authorities andsecure that noW coveted drink, he'dgo 100 miles for that one drink, andthen because that came easy, hewould keep on drinking according tohis thirst or his capacity.Lexington' is only eighteen milesaway, and how easy it would be forthe man togo there for the drink hecould not secure here and whowould stop with ONE drink, after hehas gone to the trouble and expenseof traveling eighteen miles for it?We believe the railroad man is right.Prohibition would work havop to, thebusiness interests of Paris, and put abig additional revenue nto the coffers of wily Lexington.VOTE WET:n The receht cold snap has caused this companyand all the gas fitting firms in the city to be RUSHED Xto jtake care of orders for piping, so no matter who is tto do the work, wewould adv se you to place yourJ order NOW, so as not to be disappointed when- you twant to use - ' fTHE 3ATTLE HYNJN OFTHE BOOTLEGGER.A(Advertisement.)Onward, Christian soldier.Kick out the demon Rum!.Close up the licensed places ,So we may sell you some.Force the hateful liquorWithout the pale of law,' -,Fight the ordered systemWith sand within 'your craw.iOnward. Christian sojGlers!- .Closed up the cursed Saloon !Make the old town drierThan the sands upon the dune!Then we'll get our blessingThey'll come raining down in showers ' ; rYou'll satisfy your conscienceWhile we'll be getting OURS!Onward, Christian sodiers!Your best work you must give!The tigers and boptleggersHave got a right to live. y.Fall on these institutions!Aye, onward with the dance ! IClose up the licensed placesThat we may have a chance!Ohward, Christian soldierMake this the "garden spoU"Raise clover on the sidewalksAnd places where 'tis not!Dig up our leveled asphalts!Make pastures for our cow! 'Let's turn to agriculture;We're tbo prbsperous anyhow! v-Onward, Christian,, soldiers!JTear down the throne of hell!That we may build another -That will serve US just as well!What' the use of having tavernsAs they did in olden days?Blind pigs will be much betterAnd, then, they're not so bold. .i'p44ii'p4iiitMpGAS .;r J' The Cheapest FueliHave You Visited Us During Our Special Inducement Cash Saie? WeWill Be Glad to. See You.ParisGas & Electric Co.Incorporated.J"I"I"I"IMI'I"I"I"I"i"I'I"I"t'II"I"I'Ii'I";"InInlM;.;$10 JN CASH REE.( Advertis ement. )This sum will be dst!ributd inprizes to the school children of Parisand Bourbon County for the bestessay, of not more than two hunderwords on "Why the Saloons ShouldBe Voted Out of Pars."- .Five dollarswill be given as first prize, for thebest essay, three dollars as secondprize and one dollar each for the two,next best.All essays must be submitted notlater than ten o'clock a. m. Monday,Sept. 21, to C. O. Hinton at LocalOption Headquarters. (It)EVERY LOAD GUARANTEED..We guarantee every load of coalto give; satisfaction. Phonos 336.(15-tf) J. H. BATTERTON.NOTICE.City tax lists IFor theyear 1914 are raow inmy hands for collection at my office atthe Deposit and Peoples Bank.C. K. THOiV9AS9tf City Collector.TIME TO "SLOPE."t' Officers workng on the theft of sevreal 'miles of copper wire from thetelegraph system of the Louisville &Nashville road between Paris andFalmouth, trailed a portion of theloot to this city. It is alleged thatCash) Crow, who escaped from thecounty warehouse last week, was oneof the .gang that had been engagedin looting the wire. On the morningof his escape Crow was notified thatseveral hundred pounds of the stolenwire had been discovered hidden in.his house on Eighth street. Crowestoutly maintained his innocence ofany criminal connection with the possesson of the wire and that it hadbeen brought there by other parties.At any rate, he took advantage ofthe occasion to leave -for parts unknown. The, wiro was returned tothe L. & N.STOVEPIPE STYLE. cTHis stunning model bids fair to beono of the favorites of the autumnseason. White satin is combinedvith black velpet, the satin and velvet arranged r in saw teeth fashionupon 'the cro'wn. A bat wing ofwhite satin arranged at the left sidetoward the back gives a chic effect.Let us show you our hats they areexquisite this fall.(ll-3t) CORNB WATSON BAIRD.8 IAbout the Saloon!."$$&,&"""m"HOnward, Christian soldiers ,.' Until the vict'ry's wonK" ' 'Fight our, glorious battle ;Until the day is done!Then we'll be in cloverIn gentle rosy bowersYou'll satisfy your conscience'And we'll be getting ours!(Adv.It)(Advertisement.)The question which the voters ofBourbon county are to decide onSeptember 28 is one upon whichhinges the future of Paris, and is onewhich every voter of the county,whether he be a. citizen of Paris or aresident of the rural districts, shouldconsider carefully before casting hisvote.This question should not be decided in the heat of passion. Passionhas brought ruin to monarchies, tonations and to thousands of men inbusiness, political, private and publiclife. Passion is similar in many respect to VIOLENCE, or at leastleads to such. v 'Every question decided in an election should be the decision of a calm,deliberate- people. Unless it is, thereis grave danger of the decision beingsomething other than the VOICE OFTHE PEOPLE.There undoubtedly will be everyeffort resorted to to influence thevoters of Bourbon county by advocates of Prohibition. They will .stopat nothing.Passion alone is. responsble forthe greatest war wnicn is raging m A whole lot of the lads in the dryEurope back to BARBARISM. Inlcounties who vpte the Prohibitionother words, SNAP JUDGMENT was ticket always carry aibork screw andused, instead of cool, deliberate a beer opener on their key rings.thought. -iHow manyMOTIIERS, how many , 0ne rsagon why .we are so strongWIVES, how many J3ROTHERS and for prohibition is decause a man hasSISTERS and 4 how many CHIL- J no jjUSiness in -a saloon" drinking aDREN will reap wnat the rulers otjcold gfogg ofbeer ruining his stomth nations of EuroDe have -sown? Wz ,u v. i7jkv.a vA-io- ;nl T T .. -. ' Jr ..- 1UU YYlim juld wum, uu uuiu. J-u. ,Iftnoeeni iple Aave met - their Wk alley-fSfctak a swig oM of 4;bot-The "Wets" telKus of theterrible things about . Ten-.nessee,-nowlets see what hasliapfcened in one town, Below is a letter from a reputable business man. whose wordon the result would have influence with any well thinkingman. "" -f , . V. - .- v- "-LVlerchandise'Broker '106 West cWain Street ' ' ,' MORRISTOWN, TENN., S-21-14 "DEAR ;SJR: Answering" yours, of -the 18th in regard"- to thecomparative condition' of ourAqwn before, and after the 'whiskywent out, I want to say that the .town was in fair better condit!on on all lines after,. we got rid of liquor, r imagine the liquorpeople will use the .same argument with "ya(f as they did withus-' THE GREAT LOSS OF REVENUE'but ourSperie?ce ,was that we did not 'have to changex.our tax ra'te when we otnd of liquor to meet the. loss of revenue from the liquor traffic "our tax rate was not 'changed- for two years, and then the' "increase was to build a S16.000.00 school hnildinir to n,rnmm..date the increase of population, on 'account of bavins a" saloonless town. With the exit of the saloon business, increased onJill linriCf TJotllr llnnnnUn !,-. 3 ri -t .i.v. .an. ucjyuaas. iuureiweut aunaay - scnooiallattendanceto at-LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Advertisement.)4I know a whole slew of men whoare hard-warking fellows who behavethemselves, hpld their jobs and treati their families kindly, and '.yet like aglass of beer now and then. Butthese fellows must either stick tovater or ,be classed as sots, rummiesand booze-fighters by our "liberal"friends, the Prohibitionists.was better on account of some children having pinfhintend church, and Sunday schooU whose parents no longer spenttheir wages in the saloon. I do '.not think you could find tenmen m mis lown wno would vote for saloons to return to Mo'r-3-stown,- Respectfully Yours ,,. Z1 ' ! ' R,v .taylor!WETS tell us about the awful lot of revfenue, we will lose,destroy business and lots of other direful calamities. But howcan any thing that impairs a man's usefulness, destroys hisrespect, manhood, earning capacity, mental, ;moraf well-being bela town builder, and producer- of wealth. Let some of the WETSeXDlain how this nan ho crv TYnQo o r.,-i i-x.1 " mw. j-w&o UUVSlUiaU KVKI IHiTIIIHTR H.)oil under the arm, or a sore on the body? "No, he drives themjut of the system. Shall'we keep this- SORE in our midst? Isiiji good thing for our selves children and town? Lets ' elim-iate the SORE. . " , - sjwo Big Meetings This Week AtThe Court House.Wednesday enirign W W. Bennett? Mayor of Rock-1,111. iHear hinr on "the topic, ' 'Revenue.' 'Thursday, X Frank Hanlearjd'J. Oliver Stewart.?jt(Adver--- , -Ji tX - -I A Yi &"ifqt)&It'&&&mm voftovto&oQ&Ueceeoe&it&Cifm9m9Alnlrer at. ftae hanrla rt.-vVSCi ' i .!, I -uJL. . VtW of c&eap boe..v- -iJN'-X- V?A .7PfVV?5aKAS at:'tesfcvRuru -.'..arsjH.-ClfffAK;irhandf ,:ot--y$lmt,hi Ml w1 wmfimmmm'-Fr'i- -r'iji i gwy'jjHAS THC 1ESTOF ALL LINES MADEAT CHARLIE MONSON'S STORE.Come to our store for your fall and-winter goods and we will save youmoney. New stock just arrived.(It) ' CHARLIE .MONSON.WILL BE CLOSED.miMSQIMLV,v V ' -evnokliItic iiitetffoGg. u n, imj&wtf b&Miss Ethel .Rice has gone tr Colorado, to accept a position.Mr. and Mrs. Walter Kenney leftVfistprdav fnr nvicif in TmnViuj w w..kj, ,w uuuiouilC. I rnon mr V. .:!.. 3 j.Mrs. John M.'Woods, of Win- TC ,,: y Jr Pgea m erecun&iter, is visits raiativoc , v; the structure, which will be located-.A seriw of 'oYangjelistic servicesunder theauspicessbf all thSProtestant churches-ot Paris, Jias been arranged for by the .mutual agreementof all the pastors" of "the 'churches,to be heldn a tabernacle.A laree force of vnlnnfoor wnrV.J?ETte. - uBpSSSBs-maOur stor.e will be closed on Monday and Tuesday of next week onaccount of Jewish holiday.(15-2t) HARRY SIMON.MOTHERS' CLUB.The regular monthly meeting of theMothers' Club will be held at theNurse's Cottage, on Seventh street,on Friday, September, 18, at 3 p. m.SAVE YOUR COAL SILLS.When you get ready to lay in yourwinter coal we can save you money.Phones 336. '(15-tf) - J. H. BATTERTON.iSUPPER AT MONTEREY.A supper will be given by the Monterey .Union Sunday ' School at theMonterey school house on nextThursday, September 17, at 7:30o'clock, for the benefit of the organfund of the school. All are cordiallyinvited to attend, and a good time ispromised.FANCY GRAPES.Concord, Niagara, Delaware andTokay Grapes.(ltjt. C. P. COOK & CO.-MASONS ELECT OFFICERS.Chester, is visiting relative's in this !city.Prof. Hardin -Lucas, of SouthDakota, is the guest of his motherMrs. Ann Lucas.Mr. Clay Ward left Saturday toenter the law school-of the University of Virginia.Mrs. Nannie Ashbrook, of" Cynthiana, is the guest of her daughter,Mrs. Thos. Allen. vMr. Chandler Pizer, of Mt. Sterling, was a guest the past week otrelatives in Paris.Miss Ruth Austin, of near Hutchison, has as guest Miss 'Flora Hall,of New York City.Miss Matilda James has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Clarence Matthews in AToiroirillo- J "" tin minMin A 1 iMr Charleq Petrie nf TTnnlHn I , "" A rge cnorus anaMr. Hamm will be assisted by acorps of five workers, and the nightlyservices promises to be the most interesting thing in Paris in manyyears, or since "the noted Barnesmeetings.The meetings will be held in theChristian Church until the tabernacle is ready for occupancy whichwill probably be on Wednesdaynight. The meetings were formallyopened at the Christian Church Sunday night and last night there was alarge attendance, with a great dealof interest being manifested.on East Seventh street, in the- rearot Mrs. Russell Mann's residence.The building will require 50,000 feetof lumber, and will be comfortablyequipped as regards seating arrangements. A total capacity of 3,000 persons, has been provided for in heplan for the seating arrangements.The construction work is being doneunder the -direction of Mr. Baumgardle, a man of many accomplishments,being a contractor, builder, electrician, newspaper man and a many-sidedaide to the evangelist, Rev. MordeciaHamm, of Anchorage, who will havecharge' of the meetings. The building will be well ventilated. The music will be under the direction ofMr. Ramsey, who as a choirster, hasACONCRETE COAL CttUTftSr To Twv-gv r . vV': "V- ''"st tf i ' T " o . . .3iafi-ewse-e-(!we1ii MilmiiiMMiMMi-miiiiii ii i iw-WMtoAt a convocation of Paris Chapter,No. 15, Royal Arch Masons, held Friday evening, the following officerswere elehted:Dr. A. H. Keller, High Priest;Thomas Kiser, King; Reuben Hutchcraft, Scribe; Hume Bedford, C. 0.H.; Thomas McDonald, P. S.; H. S.Fowler, R. A. C; Carl Smith, Third"Veil; Charles Stephenson, Treasurerfor the thirty-fifth year; Joseph H.Ewalt, Secretary for tlte twelftyyear; Samuel Martin, Sentinel.SCHOOL SHOES AT COST.At Geo. McWilliam's Receiver Sale.BOURBON B&NK TRUST CO.WILL PROBABLY REDUILD.The plants of the Flora LumberCo., and the Stivers Lumber Co.,which were destroyed by fire lastMonday evening, -will probably be replaced by brick structures of' moderndesign.Mr. Stivers' loss on his warehouseand stock will approximate $11,000,with insurance of $7,000. "Mr. Flora'sloss on building, and contents will fesomething like $4,250, which is partly offset by an insurance of l,o0.tend State University, was a guest of.fans friends last week.Miss Annie Poynter.t guest ofMrsJames McClure, has returned toher home in Shelbyville.Mr. James Thompson,. Jr., willleave this week for Ashevilje, NorthCarolina, to attend school.Mrs. Charlton Alexander has returned from a visit to her mother,Airs. D. M. Ball, in Versailles.Mr. L. M. Tribble left Sunday f6rFulton, Mo., to visit iis sister,' Mrs.W. E. Glenn, who is seriously ill.Mr. H. H. Hancock, of the L. &N., has returned from a vacationtrip spent in New York and the East.Mr. P. P. Johns, of Huntington,W. Va., is "a guest of his nephew,Mr. E. M. Wheeler, on Houston avenue. Mrs. Hallie Mansfield and daughter. Mrs. Frank Bamett, ot Richmond, are guebts of relatives in thiscity.Mrs. Jos. W. Davis has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. William T.Withers and Misses Withers, inLexington.Misses . Frances "and MarthaSettle have returned from a visit tothe family of their uncle, Mr. Robt.Settle, in Mt. Sterling.Miss Louise Martin has returnedto her home in this city after a Visitto her aunt, Mrs. Ruessell Dyche, inLondon, Ky.Mrs. Ellen Beall, of Warsaw, andMrs. Leo Thomas,- of Georgetown,were guests of Mr. and Mrs. LeeBeall, last week.Miss Annie Poynter, who hasbeen a guest of Mrs. James McClure,FALL MILLINERY OPENING.One ofte1Mgfcit and ot needed improvements the L. &N. has5 under way in the, Paris yards is the,immense new; cbncreite coal chutesnow' being constructed- across N thetracks just below the site of the oldchutes. The new structure, considering its qommonpace use, is builton artistic lines, and somewhat resembles in general outilne and structural design the famous Arc de Triomph in Paris, France. The newchutes will have a capacity of several thousand tons of coal for thecoanng or tne company's engines,which will bea matter of greaterconvenience than heretofore. IUnder the new arrangement thecoal is dumped from the loaded cajs-'into an immense basin of concrete, Iirom which it is drawn by means of asystem of 'buckets to the big bin3surmounting the chutes, and by aningenious arrangement is dumped into the tender of the engine belowwithout waste. Another pleasingfeature of the new arrangement isthat the noise and -dust that madethe old system of coaling so objectionable to the residents of the locality is entirely done away with.The work on the new chutes wasstarted last May and has been steadily progressing ever since, with theprospect of early coinpletidn.PANNOUNCEMEJmtmTHE ARDERY DRUG COfIS NOW OPEN FOR BUSINESS. -tThe stock has been invoiced and cleaned up, ail ojdepreciated goods are thrown out and we are offeringfull and up-to-date line ofWith the passing of the summerand the advent of the still, brownautumn days, the feminine mind isconcerning itself with the eternalquestion, "What will the fall stylesbe like?"' The question is to be properly solved by attending the millinery opening at' Mrs. Come Watson Baird's,which will be held on Friday, September 18. Everything in millineryadornment that can help to makelovely women lovelier will be shown,fresh from the hands of artistic designers and experts in executing andcarrying out the designer's Ideas.The very newest and latest will beon display and a critical inspection iscordially invited. Excellence " o'f material and a strict regard for the artistic has always marked Mrs.Baird's products, and the designs tobe shown at the opening on. Fridaywill in no -wise depart from then a guest oi iui. . lC) , . , standard her goods have alwayson Vine street, nas returneu uj nei -i ... t-i-o ahome in Shelbyville.Miss Ohelia Chiles, of Lexing-'ton. and Mrs. E. N. Wickliffe, of- .AWelch, West Virginia, are guests ojMrs. ueorgia spears.Miss Georgia King, guest of Eld.and Mrs. J. Taylor Sharrard, onSouth Main street, has returned tojher home in Columbus, Ky.Mr. Williard Webb, of Ohio, wasuest of his sister, Mrs. Ernestmaintained.The ladies of Bourbon and surrounding counties are) coroially invited to be our guests on next Friday, September 18, when they willfin'd the choicest assortment to select from ever displaved in Paris. f15-2t - MRS. CORNE W. BAIRd! 'IMPROVEMENTS UNDER WAYTHE FAIR.We "will place on sale this weeksome good 'values in Granite Ware:Large size stew pans, 39c.Dish pans in grey ware, 15c,Coffee Pots, 25c.Mason fruit jars, white lined, topsPints, per doz. 35c.Quarts, per doz., 45c.-gals., per doz., 59c.Some other good values this weekonly.THE FAIR.Cottage For Rent.Cottage of six rooms on HighStreet. Modern conveniences. Apply to this office, or toMRS. CLYDE KELLER,(15-3t) E, T. Phone 624, Paris, Ky.Mare For Sale.Non-resident owner will sell perfectly, gentle family driving mare,chestnut, by King Squirrel, iirst damby Sumpter Denmark, for highestcash offer received by September 24.Inquire at Boardman's staole.(15-3t) ;FOR RENT.Cottage on. Nineteenth street,with 4 rooms and bath. Electricltehts and modern convenienciei.(15-tf) AD AMI j& SANTI. "DRUGSArid Druggists' Sundries.-3rfcWe guarantee quick delivery to any part of the city lCountry orders delivered in one day's time ty prJb Jpost. Phone us your wants. '-A visit to our store will be appreciated. c -- fThe Ardery Drug Co.Clarke's Old Stand.-ESSEMr. W. H. BennettTHE MAYOR OP ROCKPORD, ILL,Will Give His Practical Address, '"HOW PROHIBITION AFFECTSBUSINESS," r-V :::.I Wednesday Evening at 7:30At the Court HouseBusiness Men Especially Invited,?(Vlayor Bennett is an entertaining speaker , o&fgreat power.Dos't miss hearing him.(Advertisement.)OS999(i9Of)9804The foundations for Iho new bus-.. . . --!- -r -rrri.i. ...Ml iMartin, last weK. an., vyeuu "i at-jj h t hQ orected at tho cor.-i !-. ATillorshurff Military Insti-l .-,... -. - ,,. . ,.Both thelse concerns mil continue in J " " " ner or-iviain ana aevenin -m oyvmc-Tiooc tute this eal. Mr. Louis Saloslnn have hean com-Dusmess. , . Mrs. C. W- Ferguson and son, C..lofQil QH fllo ,.,, .!, tlinyw. Ferguson, Jr., who have been structure will be srted about thea guests for the summer of her pai-1 firgt. of nxt w?ek Tlien3Uiiding willpjents, ivir. ana mib. -j. v. iu' i,e completed some time in February,i -nnn-n untniiicnn mvp kluiucu iu -iDELEGATES EL'ECTED.ciittociooci?c3SQeoasssscaooaoco3Q8g:Qagaegoaoftmm9nn ' ... , - i. abv ' -1 ...?11 T. A .....1 1. TH TKT.MM(- I.,11111 Will III- I ll'.l'.ll llll-?II 11V 1111' rilHIK 'Ia; ; , r, r7r irr: . . acourtAlr", ,r Wio " -nmln. Pvais.n, taieiy oi iui. cicruns, as ami. u.uu i.c. ,, -w 7---'iciotiung store.At the regular montniy meeting or - Hutchison, have' returnedthe Richard Hawes Chapter u. u. 'their homa Atlanta, Ga,.held in their rooms in the court ic- n, ATvc Vniinpp.house, Saturday afternoon the fol- : uest3 of tlie former.s cio in- reQ remodeling the bigJXetlV. Mr- and Mrs. James Doug. ! J T? jf!iCIMCOCUl, Ull- umvpvvi ...Convention to be Jield .t Frankfort,in October: Mrs. W. G. Talbott, MissKate Edgar, Mrs. J. T. Vansant andMrs. Ada Rice; Alternates Mrs."William Hukill, Mrs. Kate Mann andMrs. John Connell. Mrs. Mann wasappointed historian of the chapter.THE PRICED "TO PAY.""daT"rte?4' I .' . J 1UUU1 111 I11Q X GUI JL W& JJCIJOOll i tmlass, in this city, nae remiucu "'Peoples' Bank, recently occupied bytATi TT,TQTilr X? Qrviiti orfoTi -?o nrncrr.icC'ino' i wflX. A' AUUIV JtlllUiLUU, lO JtllUQlUJQlll IThe contractors were busy yesterday .putting in the iron work for thebuilding.We advise you to pay as much as$25 for your suit, either made tomeasure or-ready. kNot because ofthe 25 we'll get but the clothes youjCo,s yesterday.will get. Take a iook at our o nue,made to vour measure.J. AV. DAVIS & CO.HiPir home in MiddlesbproMr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon motored to Newport yesterday for a fewdays' visit to Mrs. Bacon's parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Behnnan.Miss Mary Vallandingham, whohas been the guest of her anut,Mrs C. J. McLear, in this city, hasreturned to her home' in Owenton.Miss Emmalqu Scott, who hasbeen very ilL for some weeks, of erysipelas, is Convalescent ana was auiefri posnttlfi her QUlies ai- riauiv&MILINERY OPENING.Mr:1 and Mrs. Roy Clendenin leftivesterday for Cincinnati to be pres-ent at the twenty-uuru u.uu.uai, j.ing of the National Association ofLife Underwriters; hich -will openits business sessions in the lotelGibson to-day. - .-".En route tfonie Irom a visit inthe East, vhere they had spent sev-i ,,.aL-e vannMnti. Misses Nettie.Piillen and Eleanor Lilly, of ;the facKODAK? :Mrs. Corhe Watson Baird willhave her opening of fall millineryoa Friday, September 18, and invitesthe attendance of all the women ofthis and adjoining counties wnoRnow uow lu u.iiixcv.ia,i.c .xuv. . . oP;ence Hill AcauBmy,.. itoate millinery. Mrs Watson Vvi5e ere the. guests Wadbat. ssistants nave ivu. ims. ml -i Thnrqflav O'lot few days setting ready to this1 d Thu sday -oIa3t vezzi oiv aays getung reay 10 - Pullen -and Mrs. JUmesj;, which she mtenas to maite - -. 1,1--v irt rnrnw -VDGTMinT iu""i ieCOlU -Uiliiiiv;i in. o-iiijr ..jww.On Your VacationYou Should Take, afpemng,MnsiCarolynhasRoseberryParticular attention nas oeeu yum m - -1"-" .T. A n ; rpmnfn fo.electing fall designs in millinery to Uqne to Baltimorev Md., .to ' rej. r , rrr. nf. nr Hnv fhf wedding of her cousin, miss au ,n mu ui. t" -: " --,- ;xftfh whitride. to Mr. Oscar Hin-oa.passea. . i .. , ,, Trirttr- Wh Hnrtfire. 725Bear in mind the date, JTriaay, sep- iur. aim xB. - nVtlmnre at ItomhP- 1 ond set it down in your Newington Avenue, Baltimore, atj'inndU Be there and see 16:30, Wednesday evening, SeptemberanmpHiin? nlPsine to the eye and to 23. purmgr lier apsence mi . uvv .. J3 xr - . ,KODAK. 11 tho Homnnrls of ffOOd tajte.15-2t MRS. CORNE W. BAIRURECKLESS AUTOISTS AGAINThere has been- a great N deal ofcomplaint lately from the residentsof South Main street as well as fromother sections of the city in regardto the reckless driving on the streetsby autoists, the home production aswell as those from outside towns, itis said that on South Main especially, the street has become convertedinto a speedway for those who do notapparently care much for the safetyof human life and limb. It is alsoclaimed that besides the danger topedestrians who are fprced to crossthe streets that these reckless, drivers a-e forcing their machines overthe streets at a gait that sometimescompels drivers of buggies and othervehicles to take to tlje -glitters in order" to avoid being- smashed. Theactions of some of 'these joy-ridersmakes it highly dangerous for women:theberry will visit friends in Norfolk,Virginia.Vacation days are over and thepleasure-seeking boys and girls arereturning to old scenes am6ngthebooks and benches of the schools.Mr Eli Freedman will attcpd theCincinnati College, of Medicine-; Ir.Joseph Letcher and Mr. .ClarenceHarney will be in State University forthe present terjn; .Mr. Watne Cottingham will enter the Ccfllege ofJournalism at the same institution;Messrs. John Ardery, Jolfn PriceDouglas Clay, Harvey Rcfeers andColeman Renick will reenter thei' i,n f fionter College atDanville thcTscliool tefai; MissesMatilda James will again be at Margaret Colleger, in Versailles, MissesSarah Thompson and jtfirie Collinswill return to the Kentucky Collegefor Women at JDanville hs students,while Miss Nellie Fithiah and MissBerry return as teachers; Miss Eleanor Clay will attend GeorgetownCollege; 'Miss Frances Champe willmatriculate at the Miry BaldwinSchool at Staunton, Va. -Mr, RogersMOOW.-0 CharJotesrvilje, VaAj.Mr.r.uftko , Arnaarger to aaunton,and ohildren to , drive alongthoroughfarea, an'd even the a poornedestrian is in daoijer .sjiolud he ndRftvor", in ora t.bf kirt . sounreThey will enjoytaking picturesthe simple, easyKodak Way.'You will T?e gladto have a picture" story of vacationdaysKODAKS, $5.00 up.BROWNIE CAMERAS, they worklike Kodaks, $1.00 to $12.00.Daughertyi Wm .; .Ml imW asA 1 9i. I !BnMBlV imufrt!1 illinTBT- 'Jt6Sfe!l '" " 'Jk' mWmo iii.iiiii ' ,; MzmmvmWMiteedv&to.-. mmwnu '"-vmwrnmit " H j ii wmwmh&8smss&. mnrni i',,virI! Therefore ' - ' v1That vhich you buy should be worth buying.every endeavor to keep a stock of theWe useBrosMA fVery Best Furniture, Riis."Wall Papersand will be much pleased to have YOU .come andihm TT T 1 Tt .V I Mvestigate. W e handle nothing second hand."-ST.-''4 '.I II Cf" 3 i II1NT0N COMPANY7--Paris, Kentucky Phones 36Under taking Ambulance- Wood Mantels-JF.oster Bros. Sa-fty CrUi vhS IVlcDougral. Kitchen-Cabinets.VMVfVMVV9fffipiVMPMPVOTMMMPt.i,:ir"T iT" 7 7t3- frZ e" Z'T'.vv."jt-s,-. ? 'Vt ir"&' ksyJ'-, t.. a tf fw as..,te.-' W&V-ifrJPEBP --& W.- r. - 'CfcriHti-Jt -t 5-w rtrjfti F.fk&to.. V-iryV,SI-SL42.rsai.v sjsw?$IUWBMIIJIr4sSit & 3?-." - v J"a?r,9!:-&-&C "ft Sm- !rmill in 1 1 1 1 1 1 hi it iI StraussBros.. & Go'sNew1 5c CigarNo. 8I On Sale at All ICigar Stands.cHtl 1' I'M 11 U 1 ! ! 1 ! ! 4- ! ! ! -I'-I' !HewBarberShopConer Fourth and IainModern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDCanal Bios.Barber Shop.Prompt and Courteous Attention to All Patrons.101 AND COLD BATHS.the Lamp Oil thatSaves Eyes"otliintf is more important in thejboiije 1 Man clcn r, j-teadv light. Insurethis by fretting the oil that hums' clear nnrt flonn without a dickerdown to the l:i-t drop. Pennsylvaniacrude nil reSnwi to perfection.'oN no moe thnn the inferioitnkvR2rn oil"? -saves MOSEY snvesvn n fc fl v.; e vc-.Yonr doalr has ROUTE OIL in11 bi n els direct from our works.E 'Ciias. C. Stoii Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery crren. Pa.Wc 51to celebratedAuto OiL'No Carb'PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.ve. Court House.," 7:lTa m7.45 a m: 8.15 a m, 8.45 a m9.15 a m, 9.45 a m10.15 am '! 10.45 a. m- 1L15 am - --1L45 a m12:05 p m -12.45pvmj 1.15 p m1.45 p m2.15 p'm2.45 p m3.15 p m3.45 p m4.15 p mS.15 p m5.40 p m rCOS p m?S.30 p m KCity Limits Only.Lve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 am9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a in11.50 a" m12.15 p-m1.00 p m1.30. p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 -p m3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m6.40 p mKENTUCKY TRACTION . TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Lexington Leave Parii,MV-For Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m'- - .H & m7a8 amS:00-k m:S0 a m'fecK a m-; 11:50 a ml:2'p m2:50 q. m1:3G p m4:20 p mfcW p m? p m'ftSO p m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 am9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p mIt: Himji:iu p miU& IS 9Hn iHM'-EHf"" i! Tv""-' p (c) Ucf 5iFwt) HmPROTONSJ-IN SPITE OF WARNew Models Which ShowGlitteiing Jett, Paillettesand Rhinestones. 'SHORT SKIRTSAND. WIDERj)NEW YORK, Sept. 12.The descent of the stupendous warcloud which has enveloped Europewas so swift and all enveloping thatevery one was taken by surprise.Paris was full of buyers from all thegreat retail and wholesale houses,completing their purchases , for thewinter. The order for them to leavewithin four days or to be detainedfor an indefinite period was startlingin the extreme, espcially as trunkswould not be transported. It was aA Dress of Broadcloth and Satin.Having the New Short Basque andSmartfy Scalloped Tunic.case of make or break with many ofthem and it immediately became abattle of wits, for no one desired toleave without their purchases, andinteresting stories are told of thetenacity and ingenuity displayed.One enterprising New York dressmaker from the regions of FifthAvenue persuaded iier party of fourto discard all out absolute necessities and carry some of her models intneir lianu-grips. sne also oougnt anumber of very personal lookingpieces of hand-luggage and filledthem as well. Imagine their conser-nation when at the station the nextmorning at six o clock there were 1,000 pieces of baggage ahead of themand the officials refused to take anymore. However, with a judicious tiphere and there, they were at lastchecked; but, instead of being put onthe train for London, they were accidentally placed on the train forLiege. Madam sank back and fannedherself until her reason returned toher and' then she concluded that asthey were plainly marked Londonshe would hope that sthey would getthere, and they did.Quite different was the spirit ofLondon. The horrors of the war hadnot touched it in the same way it hadParis. In Paris an entire establishment was closed in the morning, because the husband or brother, of anemploye had gone to the front, onlyto open again in the afternoon, whileover all brooded a suspense not atthe time felt in London, where enthusiasm reigned. In London the childrenformed into little regiments andmarched in the streets, with sticksfor guns and tin-pans for drims, andthe authorities, realizing the contagion of spontaneous enthusiasm', endeavored to let them go their wayunchecked.But to return to clothes.Some of these garments broughtback with such difficulty have at lastreached us, and a few, very few,openings are the consequence. Aslong as the uncertainty of this conflict continues each importation maybe the last for some time, and there-Jfore is of double interest.The scintillating effect of jet paillettes and rhinestones are supreme inevening gowns and are used to trimthe more staid garments for .everyday wear. For instance, a charmingafternoon jdress of black chiffon velvet had 'a. sash of jet which crossedia front aad tied in a T)Qjr in the back9m$att'wasapplied that7 yI m- x" jk " nV1 "vv iA?::JsiiM v S WIII mjmo (UMlTaWd beautifully ibft&d eirr-nOioiiised tnfinWitoimCw .ihx ittl'ftarhT hirw- SAS-ftMmi-,th iMurtKSGmed as j&p- tKaa-t'iri? - "l a ir 1 h: w : -tt&K trUhTiW'ttiHMi rn o.hirr ' ' Hpte a th velret iftelf JnstefUl. of .b- jing heavy imd'nivildlyaj.vtCMtdvfabrics of -(ftherdays, 'XjH ;Another' stunning lower " skirt,,awell as the body of the jacket, ofJtnisjetted material. The. -sleeves andtunic were of velvet The Wide vel-vet collar had a band of fitch aroundit. . xCloth of gold and silver are alsoused extensively. A wonderful gownof black satin had a tunic of clothof gold and a wide satin girdle, orsash of black satin, swathed thewaist, the, ends being tied in a careless bow at the back of the left hip,in the midst of which nestled ain the middst of 'which nestled aAnother wonderful costume, inpart like an Egyptian dancing girl'scostume, the bodice like a coat ofmail, had a plain, but not tight-fittingwaist of steel and gold paillettes, reminding one of the wonderful oldsteel and gold paillettes, remindingone of the wonderful old steel armors, inlaid and embossed so beautifully with gold. The waist reachedto the widest point of the hips, whereEgyptian effect of he .costume commenced in a clinging foundation skirtof white, over which hung a tunic ofgold lace. Strands of heavy, glossyjet were looped from the waist andhung low, making the tunic swingand sway in a peculiarly Orientalmanner. Offsetting this Oriental notea queer narrow train, edged with aband of fur, was so arranged that inthe event of dancing it could beeasily caught up and mingled withthe underdraperies in an unnoticeable manner.The kirts of tailored suits anddresses are worn full short, just below the shoe-tops - being consideredquite a conservative length. Theplain skirts are fuller, though manyhave their width confined by a bandof fur just above the hem, makingthe part of the skirt showing belowquite like a ruffle.The cape effect continues in itspopularity according to these Parismodels, for coats with cape effectsin the back and quaint shoulder capeswere seen on some of the smartestgarments. A costume in red velvetwas a strong reminder of the scarletrobe of a cardinal with its roundshoulder capes edged with beaver. Afive-inch strip of this same fur banded the skirt above the hent.Beaver, fitch, Persian . lamb, andkolinsky, which is Russian pole-catand resembles sable in color, are thefurs wheh will be widely used. Tilless ermine is also used. A stunning opera cloak of geranium redvelvet had an immense collar of purewhite ermine.The combination of fabrics continues to be a strong style note and inthe first costume illustrated" is shownthe combination of tete de negrebrown' broadcloth .and black satin.The new short length of. bauque isused for the waist, with fronts ofa.?si w iIImm',immMcCallSuit Showing the New LinesCoat and Skirt for Falland Winter Wear.ofbrown, the sleeves and sides of blacksatin. The tunic of brown is cut inscallops around the lower edge andbound with black braid, while thenarrow lower skirt is of the blacksatin.The smartly tailored suit illustrated is of dark green repp and showsthe newest line of jacket and skirt.The standing velvet collar of thejacket is topped by the new high collar of the blouse, which is practicallya straight piece of cloth with astraight frill around the top. Onsome bf the more extreme waists thiscollar frill comes up about the facelike a great white cally lily.If the spectacle ofc a girl losingsomething i a hocking sight, mostmen enjoy being shocked.People are like jokes.'every ten are poor.Nine out of1 vWhat has 'beepmev of the did-tash- a theatre. And he gets, mad ail over-. - t w5itContinued from Earee 3.1true that Roumania, Greece and Bu'l-earia have agreed, to Drevent Ottoman intervention on behalf of Germany and Austria. The allies havebeen working strenuously to thisend.OCEANIC WRECKED BY 'MINES.LONDON, September 11. The ofiVcial Press Bureau says the Oceanic,the White Star Liner which is now.in the British service as a convertedcruiser, is a total wreck on the northcoast of Scotland, from strikingmines. The officers and crew weresaved.The Oceanic was 685 feet long andmade her last trip from New Yorkto Southampton early' in August, arriving at the English port August 8.She was then taken over by the British Government and' converted intoan armed cruiser.GERMANS FAIL TO BREAK ALLIES' LINES AND FALL BACK.PARIS, September 11. French andBritish successes marjk tthe fourthday of the great battle which is be-,ing fought along the concave line extending from Meaux to Verdun, withVitry-le-Francois in the center.On the French left, despite repeated efforts, the Germans have tailedto break through the lines of the allies on the right bank of the OurcqRiver, and, though heavily re-inforc-ed,have lost ground steadily. General Joffre and Field Marshal SirJohn French are hurling more andmore troops on the German flank togive their retreat further momentum.The advance of the French is slow,but general in the furious fightingin the center.On the right of the allies the exhausted German army has abandonedfor the moment the attack on Nancy,which was made under the personaldirection of Emperor William.In the Vosges and in Lorraine theFrench official reports indicate thattheir troops are pushing forward.The Des Debats says that fightingwas resumed in the Altkirch regionon September 2 and the French haverepulsed the Germans, who' havebeen driven toward the Rhine.Despite the fact that the Germanright wing which has hewed its, wayfrom Mons to Paris, is in retreat, andthat the German center is beingpressed hard by the allies, it mustbe remembered that in this, thegreatest battle in history, 3,000,000men are engaged and one or two advances or retreats will not decide thebattle. It is admitted it woiild be premature at this stage of the battle tosay that the Germans were beaten oreven discduraged.There is no doubt that the Germanenveloping movement has completelyfailed and that the strategic positionof the allies is the best since the beginning of the war, secure as theyare in a favorable position near theirown base. The French retreat onParis was executed with such masterly skill that after thelir orderlyretirement the army still retains itsfull striking strength and is muchmore favorably situated than theGermans for an offensive movement,because the latter have been forcingthe. fighting ever since their entryinto Belgium and their troops havesuffered from tthe? exhausting marchesand the continuous fighting.Lack of ammunition has also embarrassed the Germans. For thisreason the invaders have been forcedat several points along the extensiveline to retreat to unfavorable ground,giving way before the more amplysupplied allies.RHEUMATISM PAINS STOPPED.The first application of Sloan's Liniment goes right to the painful partit penetrates without rubbing itstops the Rheumatic Pains aroundthe joints and gives relief and comfort. Don't suffer! Get a bottle today! It is a family medicine for allpains, hurts, bruises, cuts, sorethroat, neuralgia and chest pains.Prevents infection. Mr. Chas. H.Wentworlh, California, writes: Itdid wonders for my Rheufatism, pain 'is gone as soon as I apply it. "rec-vommend it to my friends as the bestLiniment I ever used." Guaranteed.25c at your Druggist. '(adv-sept.)Many a man is going through lifepushing a, wheelborrow loaded withimaginary troubles and wonderingwhy he can't get ahead of othermen.DIZZY? BILIOUS? CONSTIPATED?Drr King's New Life Pills will cureyou, cause a helatliy flow of Bile andrids your stomach and Bowels ofwaste and fermenting body. poisons.They are a Tonic to your Stomachand Liver and tone the general system. The iirst dose will cure youof that depressed, dizzy, bilious andconstipated condition. 25c all Druggists. (adv-sept.)Any woman can go shopping when,she hasn't a nickle. But she wouldnot thinlc of starting out unless shecarried a young suit, case containinga powder rag.ACUTE INDIGESTION."I was annoyed for over a year byattacks of acute indigestion, followedby constipation," writes ,Mrs. M. J.Gallagher, Geneva, N. Y. "I tried everything that was recommended "tome for this complaint but nothing didme much good until about fourmonths ago I saw Chamberlain's Tablets advertised and procured a bottleof them from our drpggist. I soonrealized that I had gotten the rightthing for they helped me at once.ince taking two bottles of them Ican eat heartily without any badeffects." Sold by all dealers.(adv-sept.)A man gets mad all over it lie -can'tget a seat in the front row Jn,ii i i. M. i ' -i i rriM i j i m m ui i-(HSiiPP'ipp'PP'-'PP'WMfiWtiemVo.prormry Jfmufmmrtj Straus. 6c Coxing -Regarding New Autumn Suits,Gowns and Street Dresses.On account of thq European conditions we desire toimpress upon our patrons the advisability of making earlyselections.M'P-itp'p.iitP'PippipThe fct is now well established thit desirableimported fabrics in the most fashionable shades arealready scarce and many of them will not be obtainable later at any price.We are showing the very latest models that were sentover from Paris. There is a wide variety to choose fromand those who make their purchases early will congratulate themselves later. Beautiful New Suits in ChiffonBroadcloth, Gabardine and French Serges.$25.00 to $75.00.Dresses jn the new. Basque" effects, of Kich Satins andCrepe de Chines.$19.75 to $35. vSmart Street Dresses in Seres and Satin Combinations,with touches of White Pique,$13.50 to $35.00.Clean-Up Prices on all Remaining Sum-mer Dresses, Skirts and Waists.WOLF, WILE & CO.Formerly Kaufman, Strains & Co.Lexington, KentuckyI I 'I 'I I" 'I I I I 'I I I I I I I I I 'I' I 'I 'I' I 'I I' I2No Advance in Prices IFeld's Shoe StoreHaving placed our Shoe Orders with the Various factoriesfor our fall and winter Shoesearly last spring, we are nowoffering new arrivals at oldold prices. Remember Feld'sis the store fo.r quality stylearid comfort. Try us now ifyou haven't before.Feld's Shoe Stpre. 1m4Is It Worth Insuring?r-sk us to give you theraws. We give especial attermon to all farm business.Trylus. Call 36 or 171 day,56 n ght ""IW. 0. HINT0NiS-SONs- vfrr-,TWIUEWIrtJRfMU'"" daHOW IS YOUR!IUt!AUUUVtbrainytM M$nfif?ton,I I I I 'I I I I 'C I 'I' I I I I 'I I I"I"I"I"I"I"I!ATt1! ATTMIIOI,Do You Know We Handle;the CelebratedI Detroit JewellGas Stoves & Rangesi Come ,- and See Ourr Prices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalJ Contractors.Estimates Freely Given.I ' Try Us.IELKS' BUILDING."E. TPfcon 13H fwftt101:---.-SPGLCHR5A.2Sr- , - ";SV:V.?..a:'iiV?aoirSit- .3w&.&vMtHfcV K. S4J44vSm9wmsmmmms9ssamtssLiiiiiiiiiinirtiiiiuitMiMtiMntttiMttMiiMThel jgptataefinKlO;Window and Door Equipments.T. A. HENDRICKS, Sales Agent,. Lexington, Ky.The Higgin All-Metal Weather Strips for Windows and Doorsare a real economy because they reduce the fuel bill, keep outthe dust, soot and rain.They stop absolutely the air currents coming around the sashand make the room more comfortable.. .They are durable and apermanent addition to the window.Estimate wi'll be cheerfully furnished without charge and without obligation to buy.Better let up Strip your house and make it more comfortablenext winter and at same time cut down that fuel bill.We have furnished screens for hundreds of satisfied Bourbonfamilies. We refer you to the following families in Paris, whohave used our AW-Metal Weather Strips and are pleased: Woodford Spears, W. W. Mitchell, W. R. Blakemore, A.' J. Winters,Thos McDonald, Geo. W. Wilder, Ed. Tucker, R. C. Talbott andothers too numerous to mention.I T. A. HENDRICKSSALES264 RAND AVENUE.Teleph one,1WALTER MARTINNEW LIVERY STABLE!New Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.Horses Boarded ByHauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streetplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTINStables Eigth St., MainSt.L. 5c N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913TrainsNo.341342971040373123326259138385398PROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5:21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 5:18 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y j7:3JamMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:42 amCincinnati, O., Daily .... 0:38 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10:20 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10:15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10:24amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 1:00 mCynthiana, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 3:10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , .-. 3:15 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 3:33 pmKnoxville, Tenn., Daily . 3:30pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5:35 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except. Sunday 5:50pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Pla., Daily31 Cincinnati, O., Daily ,Trains2sTo.3447401029373323362613389393283031131TO.Cincinnati, O., Daily 5:28 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:35 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:47 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '7:50 amrLexington, Ky., Daily -. 9:43 amKnoxville, .Tenn., Daily 9:45amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 10:29 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10:27 amMaysville, Ky., Daily ., 12:05 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 12:04 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:33 pmCincinnati, O., Daily ' 3:40pmRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:56pmLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:58 pmCincinnati, O., Daily . 6:28pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Suaday J. 6 : 25 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . ." 6:40 pmLexington. Ky., Daily '. 10:55pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily X.. 10:57pmTrains .ArriveXo. PROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday i 7: 40 an4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pnTrains Depart:To. to, x1 Frankkf ort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday .-. . . 8 : 30 an.3 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday : . . . . 6:25 pmLUKE McLUKE SAYS:(Cincinnati Enquirer.)Every time you get into a crowdExercise is gret stuff... The man"ft ho can walk on the,, golf links forfoe hours wtk a'cjttfe in kis hands usually too fMdk: t a b4r.mW mffpfAGENT,LEXINGTON, KY.2585.t &ERNEST MARTIN1Day, Week or Month!Transfer Busi-BROS.-zIf Both Phones.A - rrive6:23pm10:50 pmJDexDeurtbaby in his arms.The good old ip-20-30 melodrammer is dead. But the villians arestill stealing Papers and .snaring theHeroine 'to-the Old Mill in the movieshows. , a. ., ' 1Every girl' is fond ofsports jiutilshe &e&Ymm&Vit ba?lias-marriHWglWlllldllTj 11Tftr JMtTMQOlfr OHFERKNOR-,1- ir : - . 1 i. . "Befools theofficUl ljpf fof appointuicuta xor uie succeeding year, given'out by Bishop John C Krfgoat thQclose of the recent session of KentuckyConference, M. E. Church, South, insession at Wilmore, Ky., on Sept. 2-tf:Note. Those pastors names followed by a figure "4," are entering ontheir fourth successive year, and underthe rules, will be assigned next yearto a different charge.APPOINTMENTS:FRANKFORT DISTRICT.E. L. Southgate Presiding Elder,Lexington, 4. - ,Paris J. S. Sims, 4. 'Milleraburg-J. D. Redd.Hutchison and Oxford -J. J. Dickey.President Millersburg Female College-C. C. Fisher.Chaplain State Reformatory, Frankfort W. O. Vreeland.Carrollton J. W. Crates.Corinth Circuit Julian A.McClintockFrankfort-H. JG. Turner,4.Georgetown J. E. Moss. -Gratz -William Wood.Hinton Alexander Redd. 4.Hughes Chapel George D. Prentiss,D. E. Bedinger, supernumerary.Mt. Hope Circuit J. H. Williams.New Columbus W. A. Penn.Petersburg Circuit J. R. Nelson.Polsgrove Circuit J. M. Johnson.Port Royal Circuit E. C. Hardin.Warsaw Circuit-W. D. Welburn.Worthville Circuit B. F. Cosby.COVINGTON DISTRICT.J. O. A. Vaught Presiding Elder, 4.Alexandria Circuit S. J. Bradlev.Augusta Circuit H. M. Massie.Brooksville Circuit-P. T. Smith, 4.Butler Circuit R. B. Wilson.California Circuit J. E. Roberts.Covington, (Scott Street Church) J.B. Harris; W.F.Taylor, supernumeray.Covington, (St. Luke Church) HenryC. Martin.Cynthiana M. T. Chandler; W: W.Green, supernumerary.Erlanger J. R. Noland.Falmouth Circuit-E. K. Pike.Highlands J. M. Fuqua.Kelat and Curry E. L. Griffiy.Newport T. W. Barker.Oddville Circuit C. W. Williams.Visalia Circuit R. E. Coleman.Walton Circuit To be supplied.Williamstown Circuit W. R. Johnson. Missionary to Korea W. G. Cram.Conference Secretary of EducationJ. B. Harris.DANVILLE DISTRICT. 'W. E. Arnold Presiding Elder, 4.Burgin Circuit R. M. Lee.Burnside W. M. Britt.Corbin W. S. Vanderpool.Danville W. O. Sadler.East Bernstadt G. A. Young, supply.East Pulaski To be supplied.Harrodsburg -F. T. Mclntire.Lancaster S. H. Pollitt.McKendree G. W. Hoffman.London J. E. Savage.Mackville Circuit F. D. Palmeter.McCreary J. A. Sawyer.Meadow Creek L. C. DeArmond.Middlesboro-B.F. Chatham, 4.Moreland Circuit Enos Waggoner.Mt. Zion Circuit To be supplied.Perryville Circuit W. K. McClure,4.Pineville Circuit R. F. Jordan; J.W. Harris, junior preacher.Preacherville Circuit R. B. Baird.Richmond B. C. Horton.Somerset C. K. Dickey, 4.Stanford-C. H. Greer.W. Pulaski Mission J. W, Gilbert.Wilmore-M. S. Clark.President of Asbury College HenryClay Morrison.Professor in Asbury College J. W.Carter.Professor in Asbury College S. A.Arnold.Agent Preachers' Aid Society A. P.Jones.Conference Missionary SecretaryB. C. Horton.JACKSON DISTRICT.C. F. Oney Presiding Elder, 4.Campton and Hazel Green L. T. Allison. Clay Mission C. F. Chesnut, 4.Fleming Mission E. C. Watts.Hazard and Perry Mission C. P.Pilow.Harland Mission To be supplied.Hindman and Knott Mission W. H.McGowan.Jackson W. B. Garriott.Jenkins G. W. Crutchfield.Leslie Mission To be supplied.Maytown Mission Z. T. Thacker,supply.Quicksand Mission W. B. Ragan.West Liberty Mission L. A. Fryman.Whitesburg Mission S. W. Dean.McKee Mission C. J. Sipple, supply.Student at Atlanta Uniyersity W.V. Cropper.LEXINGTON DISTRICT.J. R. Deering Presiding Elder, 4.Camargo and Grassy Lick E. T.Caton.Clay City Mission E. H. Richie.N College Hill Circuit W.M. Williams.Frenchburg and Olympia S.T.Fitch.Irvine W. P. Fryman.Lexington (First Church) O. J.Chandler, 4.Lexington, (Epworth Church) E.K.Arnold.Lexington, (Park Avenue Church)G. R. Combs.Morehead Mission Green V. Todd;G.W, Young, supernumerary.Mt. Sterling T. W. Watts.Mt. Zion Circuit G. W. Bos well.Nicholasville O. B. Crocke'tt.Owjhgsville Circuit A. C. Johnson..Spears Circuit CM. Fawns, supplyVersailles W. L. Clark.Winchester R. T. Brown.Winchester, (Mt. Abbott Church;Rufus McMicken.President Kentucky Wesley an CollegeJ. L. Clark.Professor in Kentucky Wesleyan Col-lege-pW.B. Mitchell.Editor Central Methodist-AdvocateW. A. Swift.Missionary to Japan T. W. B. Demaree. MAYSVILLE DISTRICT.E. G. B. Mann Presiding Elder, 4.Carlisle W. F. Vaughan, 4sEast Maysville J. W. Simpson; J.R. Word, supernumerary.Fairview Mission J. M. Robinson,uppiy.Fkmingsburg and .Helena C. A.Taguer4. , - 'Ghermantown WT.Ecklar. ?7 HiItaboro-W.- W.Yatt.-n'W'rn! " mmnMmttll"Varearcmt--f.M. HWthtwi.: v V?ver circuit u? A., spell.SaltyWeirCircuit-S..L..Moore. AShannon and SardisPeter Walker..Sharpsburg and Bethel -J. L. West:Tilton Circuit C. M. Humphrey.Tolesboro Mission C. H. Caswell.Vanceburg Circuit -A. W. Vanderpool. Washington and Hebron I. R. HoiIon, 4.SHELBYVILLE DISTRICT.C. L. Bohon Presiding Elder, 4.Anderson Circuit D. W. Young, supply. Bedford Circuit Edward Allen.Bloomfield-7-W. S. Grinstead.Campbellsburg Circuit -P. B. Jones.Cbaplin Circuit P. F. Adams.Christianburg Circuit-J. S. Ragan.Crestwooa F. K. Struve.LaGrange-W. S. Maxwell.Lawrenceburg E. H. Pearce. ,Milton Circuit Josiah Gqdbey, 4.Mortons ville Circuit J. M. Baker,supply.New Castle Circuit B. O. Beck.Oldham Circuit -C. J. Nugent.Pleasureville Circuit J.W. GardinerShelbyville J. P. Strother.Salvisa Circuit R. A. Selby.Simpsonville Circuit P. C. Eversole.Taylorsville P. J. Ross.Woodlawn Circuit J. E. Wright.President Kingswood College J. W.Hughes.TRANSFERRED. lTo Louisville Conference J. R. Savage. tADMITTED ON TRIAL.Thos' admitted on trial into the traveling connection L. C. DeArmond, E.H. Richie, E. C. Hardin, S. T. Filch,I. H. Caswell and W. H. McGowan.1915 CONFERENCE.The next Conference will be held atMillersburg, Bourbon county, in 1915.RINGLING CIRCUS ANNOUNCED.World's Greatest Shows and Spectacle "Solomon and the Queenof Sheba."Official information confirms theannouncement that September 22,Ringling Bros.' Circus will give twoperformances in Lexington.Many new features have been added this year, the most notable ofwhich is the spectacle "Solomon andthe Queen of Sheba." This colossalproduction is presented with a costof 1,250 people, a ballet of 300 dancing girls, 735 .horses, 32 camels and'properties on the' biggest stage in theworld. 'Following the spectacle, a circusprogram of unusual brilliancy will bepresented, including an array of foreign and American acts new to thecircus world. The menagerie contains lT003 wild animals, 41 elephants, five giraffes and a "babyzoo." The circus is transported on89 double length cars. Special arrangements have been made by therailroads to accommodate the crowdsthat will visit the circus from thiscity and the surrounding country.There was a time--when a pianobox wouldn't hold what a girl had towear when she went away on a vacation. Nowadays she can can getthree complete changes of costumeand lingerie into a music roll.And what has become of the oldfashioned man who used to save uphis whiskers to get "barbered" everySaturday night?No. Clairce. You should not referto one ofoir haughty Princesses asChicken a la King.After you get to know some goodlooking women they are not nearly asgood-looking as you thought theywere.STOP THAT FIRST FALL COUGH.Check your fall cough or cold atonce don't wait it may lead to serious lung trouble, weaken your vitality and develop a chronic lung ailment. Get a bottle of Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey' to-day; it is pure andharmless use it freely for that fallcough or cold. If the Baby or Children are sick give it to them, it willrelieve them quickly and permanently. It sooths the irritated throat,lungs and air passages. LoosensPhlegm, is antiseptic and fortifies thesystem against colds. It surely prevents cold germs from, getting a hold.Guaranteed. Only 25c at your Druggist. (adv-sept.)It is all right to be punctual whenyou have an engagement if you donot mind waiting a while for the other fellow to show up.DIARRHOEA QUICKLY CURED"My attention was first called toChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy as much as twelveyears ago. At that "time I was seriously ill with summer complaint.One dose of this remedy checked thetrouble," writes Mrs. CJ. W.' Florence,Rockfield, Ind. For sale by all dealers. (adv-sept.)When Father asks for a clean towel or wants to know who had hiscomb Mother can't understand aword he is" saying. But if y Father hastwo whole potatoes and a chop in hismputh and mumbles something abouta girl he met down town Mother canundertand every word.CHAMBERLAIN'S LINIMENT.AIf you are ever troubled with achespains or soreness of the muscles, youwill appreciate the -rood qualities ofChamberlain's Liniment. Many sufferers from rheumatism and sciaticahave used it with the best results.It is especially valuable for lumbagoand lame back. For sale by all dealers.(adv-sept.)There was a time when the young-,er sisters b.ad to remahTin the background until the older r sisters wasmarried off. But 'nowadays theyounger sisters borrow .the oldersister's corset coy. d 'ptftiTso' thxMoorfiekf tJircnit W., HifVWJWIHI&tiHtejfHW"For real novelty ana wholeeonteamusement, the animated cartoonsthat are always one of the many dis-tirijptive-featuresof Lyman H. Howe'sTravel Festival, are in a class by.themselves. Nothing like them maybe seen elsewhere as they arp con-iceived and "executed exclusively forMr. Howe by his own staff artistswho do nothing else. They invariably afford comedy real comedy,too that is in diverting contrast totne more aignmeu views or mountains, cities and seas. In the newprogram that will be presented at theParis Grand, Thursday, October 1st,'they will add more gayety than ever5to the joys of "traveling with Howe." IThey have a "punch" all their ownwhich "gets across" to young: and oldalike. It is claimed for these newextravaganzas .tnat tney are more ingenious than any Mr. Howe has presented nitnerto. Tne travesties ofthe serious subjects are of the mostamusing nature imaginable. Theyare a revelation of the tricks photography can play at the expense ofvision and human perception, and theresults achieved would indicate that!several senses need to be added tothose now classified as the five special senses.In his entirely new program Mr.Howe promises one of the most delightful picture journeys he has everpresented. It will take local "Howetravelers" to Venice the city of thesea. The series is unique because IVenice is unique. All other citiesin the world resemble ach other inmany respects, but Venice alone remains distinctive a city of romancewhere poetry conquers prose. Andit is exactly this poetic beauty ofVenice that Howe's film conveys exquisitely. Of course, the new program includes numerous other noteworthy features, such as a descent!into the crater of Vesuvius wherespectators peer down into a vastabyss of boiling lava. Then there isa thrilling ride on a runaway train,this, too, is a descent, but at an appalling rate of speed down the mountain side and around ' curves thetrain increasing in momentum atevery foot until spectators are transfixed in suspense .as to just how suchan eventful trip will end. The mysterious development of flowers; thefascinating formations caused by theelectrolysis of matals, and a railroadride through Greece are only a few ofthe many other features to be presented. DAY TRIP TO ST. LOUIS.By leaving Paris on L. & N. trainat 7:50 a. m., direct connection ismade with B. & O. S-W., fast trainleaving Cincinnati 12 o'clock, noon,daily, arriving St.' Louis at 8:15 p.m. This train carries modern steelcoaches, Observation Pjarlor car andDining Car and makes direct connection in St. Louis Union Station withall Western, Northwestern andSouthwestern lines. Other B. & O.S-W. fast trains for St. Louis leaveCincinnati daily 2:15 a. m. 9.00 a. m.and 9:15 p. m. Night trains havesteel coaches and electric lightedsteel sleeping cars. For further ininformation consult your local ticketagent.S. T. SEELY, T. P. A.,Traction Building, Cincinnati,. O.(sept-8-15-22-29-You may have noticed that a Reform leader can't get his Reformingapparatus into running order untilhis followers oil the works with a bigbank roll.PO-DQ(-LAX BANISHES PIMPLES.Bad Blood, Pimples, Headaches,Biliousness, Torpid Liver, Constipation, etc.! come from Indigestion.Take Po-DoJLax, the pleasant and absolutely sure Laxative, and you won'tsuffer from a deranged Stomach, orother troubles. It will tone up theLiver and purify the blood. Use itregularly and you will stay well,have clear complexion and steadynerves. Get a 50c bottle to-day.Money back if not satisfied. AllDruggists.(adv-sept.).CANCER CUREDX I guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; refCI Cllkt) mi w. !. w. . ...... ...DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.: I"M"M"H"I"I"I"'i'M"l"M"I"M"l"I"l"Il 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 H 1 IJBig CakeAtColored Fall Festival,Friday, Sept. 18, 1914,2:30Special Reservation- WhiteCouples From. All Parts of the country will apete for the prize of $25.00, divided $1 5.00, $7.00and $3.00. ' ' sAdmission, 25 Cents.STCyCMoQRE,Secretary.t . iW1 .' 'VH9K?I:UneedaBiscuitTempt the appetit,please the taste AJtdnourish the body."Crisp, clean and fresh.5 cents.Baronet BiscuitsyRound, thin, tenderwith a delightful flavorappropriate for luncheon, tea and dinner.zo cents'.GrahamCrackersMade of the finest -ingredients. Bakedto perfection. " The.national strengthfood, zo centsBuy biscuit baked byNATIONAL BISCUITCOMPANYAlways look for that Njd.K,nf BOURBON POULTRY.down a chick's throat, cures-fapes, A few drops -in therlnking water cures aadprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c hottle makes 12 gallon mlmedicine At all drngisample ana ooouet on 'eases of Fowls" aeat 71Beurtat RmMtfy Ce. Inegte, Ij:BLUE GRASS PJklBathing andPree- DANCING -Pre 4tAfternoon and EveningMusk by Schemnel's OrchestraWalkA-x ! iThe-rP. M.Wade For fie YPeople. . : ;JAS. MACQjNPi-ifSi,-f''4room note:,. jmUtfn ' a;-ioAtf . ' . ii iV? j '".ca kf efetes ytj& ju ieiww -. V"w .. 1 - . . nf ttAit&rh.vij ,'SfiL&iji.VX&C&EiSB&Afr;-".-.-At.V-iIVx, iwSKET-ftwuTi K 'r-awc.. .JTHE? .J-:l--4!,wggetegcegB i,' fi 1'MnupOBOF MiLLERSBUBBim-Sect MID ftRSMUL:IT. J. J. Jreeu cuuuuues tuNo change for the better in theconfcttion of Mr. John Shay., Mr. and Mrs. O. E. Hurst attend--ed he Falmouth F-:r last Thursday.Mfss'Lucy Butler left Mondayfor Agnes Scott University, at Decatur, Ala.Mr. JEmory Evans, of Cincinnati,-was 'a guestiof liis sister, Mrs. G. W.Johnson, Sunday.Mr. E. V. Floyd, of Louisville,vas -the guest of Miss Mary Taylor,Satirday and Sunday.Mr. A, H. Smedley returnedMonday after a two-weeks visit torelatives in Lexington.: Miss Dorothy Peed left Saturdayto resume her duties in the gradedschool at Birmingham, Ala.Misses Martha Smith andjOliveFisher' will leave Wednesday forRandolph-Macon College, at Lynchburg, Va.Mr. and Mrs. Russell Powell andJittle son, Harold, retifrned Sundayafter a weed's visit to relatives atCynthiana.Miss Delia Miller left Monday forTier home at" Atlanta, Ga., afterspending the summer with herdaughter, Mrs. C. W. Corrington.4 "Mayor W. D. Wadell was the-winner of the baby cap which wasraffled off last week by Mrs. JohnShay. And now as the Mayor is aBenedict, his many friends are wondering what he is going to do withthe ap.. The many friends of Mr. ReeseClarke will learn with pleasure thathe was acquitted in his trial at Maysville last week. Mr. Clarke is wellknown Tiere, having formerly livediere. Quite a mmrirer of relatives'and friends reside in the neighborhood. M. M. I. opened Thursday morning with an enrollment of 49 in -theboarding department. A number ofstudents liave arrived since andothers yet to come. Several of theold- students have not yet returned,some on account of sickness. TheK. G. S. .opened on the same daywith, the largest enrollment in years.The students were graded and classt ed. The work, however, did not be' gin until Monday morning. The newaddition to the building, is now complete and the school is well equipped. The M. F. C. will open Thursday. The outlook is promising.DELICACY 6F FERN FRONDS.'Not unlike the exquisite maidenhair fern wrhich hides in the woodsare new aigrets of goura feathers.See the fall liat in the new stove--pipeshape", the harsh lines of which.re softened by the feathery aigretWe ""have an elegant line.(ll-3t) CORNE WATSON BAIRD.REFRIGERATORS REDUCED.THESE' MJMHE 1K$N"'JlMF?truteKY, AriitMrkV. i ft jA'Vvn r .V . ,rr? V' M.JV. - l ' - '- iMrs. Lawrence Horton is visitingin Maysville.Miss Belle Ogden is visiting5Mrs. William Giltner, in Covington.-Mr. and Mrs. John' D. Wilson, ofMississippi, ' are visiting relatives inthis city and county.Fire Chief Chas. Barnett returned Sunday night from a ten-days'vacation trip to Swango Springs.Mr. John Kiely, of Cincinnati,was a guest Sunday of his, mother,Mrs. E. C. Keily, and family, in thiscity. ,Mr. Allie Jones and son and Mr.John T. Collins, of North Middletown, are attending the State Fair atLouisville,Mr. C. Arnsparger, or this city,was taken to St. JosepU Hospital,Lexington, yesterday for treatmentfor stomach trouble.Mr. John I. Farris, of this city,has taken a position as travelingrepresentative of the Tornado Manufacturing Co., of Columbus, O., manufacturers of disinfectants, etc., andwill leave Wednesday for an extended trip through Kentucky.A house party of. handsomeyoung women is bejng entertainedby Miss Grace Haskins, at her country home near this city. The following compose the party: Misses EllaRea Nichols, of Winchester; Margaret Peterson, of Millersburg; Catherine Weathers 'and Sarah Parrish,of Clintonville.Other Personals on Page 5)The following invitations "havebeen received by friends in this cityfrom E. H. Taylor, Jr., and Sons, ofFrankfort:' '"You and your friends are cordially invited to be present in the BallRoom of the Phoenix Hotel on. Tuesday. September 15th, at any timeDEATHS;r 'i. t it'-- NASH. xMr. Edward R. Nash, aged sixtyeight years, -former resident ofParis, died at his home in layette-,ville, Ark., recently, after a two-' . . - . t 11 - TkT .10 a. m. to 11 p. m to witness the weeKS uness. mr. iasn was a sonmoving nictures of the Old Taylor of the late Prof. Harvey Nash, whoDistillery. These pictures have justbeen exhibited at the Waldorf-Astoria,Hotel Imperial, "New York,Quincy House, Boston, and the LaSalle Hotel,-Chicago. They includeKentucky's finest horses and Hereford cattle and also show the Waldorf-Astoria,Hotel Imperial, QuincyHouse and 'Hotel La Salle ,on thedays the -pictures were' exhibited andwill als,o include the Phoenix Hotel.Admission Free." "LUKE McLUKE SAYS'at one time conducted a privateschool in this city ,at the corner ofNinth and Main streets. He is survived by his widow, Mrs. Alice Nashand two children, Mr. FrecUNash andMiss Mary Nash, of Arkansas, and bytwo sisters, JMisses ' Julia Nash.t ofvParis, and Cornelia Nash, of Lexington. The remains were interred at.Fayetteville.illftiOWL, MissHNbra- CummingsCecil Colvin, bothwere t granted ahere Saturday.iand Mr.of r this county,marriage licenseBIRTHSFORBOYS AND GIRLS.The best school shoes to be foundfor boys and girls is at Feld's ShoeStore. (septl-tf)THEATRIGALHead, these prices Refrigerator,$SS.t0 kind, now $25.00, while theylast The New Iceberg and theOdorless.(7-tf) . A. F. WHEELER & CO.. . ..Columbia Theatre Today."The Mystery of the White Car"Two part Gold Seal picture, written, produced and played by FrancisFord and Grace Cunard."Deserted Thieves," A two-partBroncho picture will also be shown.To morrow Night.- "The Million Dollar jVtystery."Episode No. 10 Shanghied' Theconspirators believe Florence drowned. Their next move is to get rid ofNorton. Lacking his usual keenness,through misery, he is cunningly luredto an old tenement, is hammered intoinsensibility, robbed, bound and beaten. He awakes far out at sea on anold tramp freighter shanghaied!Florence daringly rescues a manman drowning in the' surf. He proveto be one of the conspirators. Discovered! Brafin acts iumselL- Herecaptures her, carries tier on boarda palatial yacht. Fire at sea! "To theboats!" The yacht's survivors rescued by tramp freighter. Fate bringsFlorence and Norton together andlove fearlessly plans a miraculous escape from their enemies.(Cincinnati-Ensuirer.)When two ' men are working sideby. side and one is doing pieceworkand the other gets paid, by the week,you never have any trouble locatingthe pieceman.The fellow who seems to enjoyyour jokes is "always so busy laughing at them that he forgets to do anyordering and letsyyou do all the buying. - -vSUCCESSORS TO DR. M,ATTHEVSWe beg to advise you that weiiavetaken 'over from Dr. Clara B. .Matthews.her entire stock of optical prescriptions.This places- us in a position to replace your broken lenses to the corrept STRENGTH, SHAPE andCURVE.I Our prices you will find to be asj low as the lowest and our work thatJ furnished by the best house of itskind in the country.We most earnestly " solicit yourbusiness for replacing your brokenlenses or furnishing new lenses asper the prescription for your glasseswhich we now hold. ,We guarantee you prompf andefficient work, and best of all, quickservice from the factory.- Thanking fyou in advance for anyfavors shown us in this line, we begto remain,Very truly yours,SHIRE & FITHIAN.SBorn, to the wife of" Stewart ,Urmston, on the Gano Hill pike, Friday,a son John Thdmas Urmston; thirdboy.Born, at the Massie MemorialHospital, in "this city, Sunday, to thewife of Mr. John D. Wilson, of Mississippi, o son."EX-BOURBONS" EN TQUR.SPICES AND VINEGAR.We have the best of spices, maltand cider vinegar for pickling.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.BIG FARM SALE.Messrs. John Sauer and MattLong have purchased of Mr. Thos.K. Marsh his farm located on theRuddles Mills pike, about two milesfrom Paris, and containing 12J- acresof land, at $150 per acre, or a totalof $18,500.Mr. Sauer gets about 76 acres ofthe unimproved part of the place,which lies immediately back of"Maplehurst" farm, now owned byMr. Sauer. Long gets 45 acres ofland on the Ruddles Mills pike, containing the improvements, and onwhich is located a comfortable residence. Mr. Marsh retains thirty acres ofhis farm, and will have a sale ofstock, crop, farming implements, etc.,on Wednesday, September 16, whenhe will likely move to Paris to reside.In its issue of Saturday, . the Mt.Sterling Sentinel-Democrat has thefollowing very interesting article inwhich well-known Paris people arecentral figures:.- "Mr. and Mrs. John T. McClintock,Master John T, McClintock, Jr., Mrs.W. T. Colvin and Mr. Edward Fithian, of Huntington, W. Va., MissMinnie L. Heilman and Mr. SquireTurner, of- this city, enjoyed a delightful automobile trip through Ohioand Kentucky last Sunday and Monday, -visiting Chillicothe, Columbus,Springfield, Coney Island and Cincinnati, O., Covington, 3tringtown-on-the-Pike,Walton, ' Williamstown,GeorgetowriXand Paris, Ky. Theparty arrived here "at noon Tuesdayand were the guests for1 an, excellentdinner of Mrs. Emilee Hibler Reid.In the afternoon Miss Mary CrawfordLloyd delighted the party -with several song selections and all weresharmed with her beautiful bird-likevoice. At five in the afternoon Mr.and Mrs. McClintock and Mr. Fithianleft for, Winchester, and Mrs. Colvinand Miss Heilman returned to Huntington at noon Wednesday. Mr. McClintock is a native Kentuckian andresided at Paris and Rishmond beforegoing to Huntington where he hasmade a splendid success, being secretary and treasurer of the firm ofWatts, Ritter & Co., and one of theleading citizens and most prominentbusiness men of that thriving mountain city. It is gratifying to thewriter to state' that in all the hundreds of miles that we have traveledthe best road that we encounteredwas the model road in Montgomerycounty."AUSTIN ELLIS 'Th-e announcement has been madeof the engagement of Miss MaryWickliffe Austin, daughter of Mr. A.J. Austin, who resides at the Smedley farm near Hutchison," this county,to Mr. Francis Ellis, of Gainesville,Fla. The marriage will be jcelebrated in the early fall. Miss Austin isan accomplished and popular youngwoman, and las for the past sev.eralyears1 taught school in Florida.- a "WHITRIDGE HINTON.t Invitations as follows have beenreceived. 'y .relatives and friends inBourbon:" Mr. and Mrs. Victor Whitridgerequest the honor of yourpresence.at tle marriage of theif daughter.Elizabeth. PierpontandMr. Oscar Taylor Hintonon Wednesday evening, Septembertwenty-thirdnineteen hundred and fourteenat half after six o'clockr 725, Newington AvenueBaltimore, Maryland.Miss Whitridge has been a frequentvisitor in Bourbon, having Taeen theguest of her cousin, Miss CarolynRoseberry, near Paris. She is an attractive and accomplished youngwoman and is- quite popular in Bourbon's social circles.Mr. Hinton is one of Paris' risingyoung attorneys, beng the only sonof Mr. and Mrs. W. O. Hinton, anda grandson of Mayor J. T. Hinton.He is a graduate of Ann Arbor and apopular and - capable gentleman.. . .. , i i u ..iv rrT Jfetftt m -- The tweMfft mum1 Kentucky fbUeFair' opuMd, at Loafeyille yesterday,and 'will continue throughout theweek. "The entries thisyear are the largest 'in the history of the Fair, andmany newxfeatures have been added.The totaL value of the prizes offeredamounts to $0,000. The openingday was designated as "BoostersDay" and "School Childrens' Day."TheMndications are that-ideal weatherwill prevail, and the attendance of.25,000 will-be often duplicated andperhaps exceeded through the week.Many prize-winning horses ara entered, the features of which will be theSaddle Horse Futurity" Stakes forcolts and fillies. The" racing programyesterday included pacing, trottingand running races. Bourbon Countyhorsemen will be much in evidenceduring the Fair. Messrs. J. T. Collins, Allie Jones and, many othersare already on the ground.NETTLETON SHOES AT COST.Plenty of sizes left. Rubber shoesand boots, too, at reductions, at Geo.McWilliam'sBOURBON BANK & TRUST CO.LOOK! LOOK!1.50 greenat 4.50,Think of At $8.00 andand brown Porch Chairs,while they last.(7-tf) A. F. WHEELER- & CO.COMPELLED TOMAKE ROOM!Administrators Notice.AIL persons having claims againstthe estate of D. R. Hutsell, deceased,are hereby notified" to file the same,properly proven, according fo law,with, the undersigned executor at1222 Cypress Street, Paris, Ky. Allpersona knowing themselves indepted to the estate of the said D. M.Hutsell will please settle promptlywith the undersigned.R. D. GRANT,- Administrator'fiKIFall Goods Arriving Daily and Crowding Us For Room! The Balance ofOur Summer Shoes Must Go! Not a Pair Must Be Left Over! '-The Final Cut of Our Great Sale!Ladies' Colonial Pumps, French heel,$3.00 .values at $149Ladies' Canvas Colonial Pumps, French .heel, $3.00 values at. . 1 .49jLadies' Canvas Baby Doll Pumps, best'grades at ......$1.49 and .-99Ladies' Suede Pumps, $3.00 and $2.00values at 1 .49vLadies' Kid and Gun Metal Oxfords, -v200 pairs, $2,00 values at 99Ladies' High Shoes at Similarly Cut Prices.Men's Tan and Black Rubber Sole IDx-f ords, $4.50 values at- 7. . r. . . $2.99Men's Tan Rubber Sole Shoes, $4.00val- 7ues t '. 2.49Men'i Walk-Over Oxfords, broken sizes,$4.50 values at .' !......... 2.99-Men's Tan Tici Oxfords, $4.00 values ,' i '' at $2.99 and 12.49 ,Menrs Shoes and Oxfords, $3.00 valuesat : . . . V. r 1 ,99xMen's High Shoes at SimilarJy'tJutPrices. - ?A Big Stock of School ShoesiFor Boys, Girls and Children, of the most serviceable, stylish and dependableQuality, at the lowest prices. - -r mmjCikm3STCO"EiJlZLiisrsGreatest Shoe StorejMOORB COLEMAN.Marriage of Miss Anita Moore,of Harrodsburg, ,to Mr.' Henry Coleman of the same place was celebratedThursday afternoon at 4 o'clock atthe First Christian Church in Louisville, Rev. E. L. Powell officiating.The marriage . was a surprise, ' asthe couple had not 'announced theirplans but decided just to go awayquietly for the event.The bride went to Louisville to attend the 1912 class reunion of theSemple Collegiate School, of whichshe was a member, and the bridegroom joined here there. After theceremony the bridal party left for atrip East and in Washington are theguests of Mr. Coleman's aunt, Mrs.W. F. Dennis; who is entertaining forthem.Returning to Harrodsburg they willgo to housekeeping at their countryplace which has been presented themby the bridegroom's parents, Mr.and Mrs. Thomas H. Coleman, ofHarrodsburg, along with many otherhandsome gifts. 'The bride' is the daughter of Colonel and. Mrs.T Daniel M(jore, of Harrodsburg, a beautiful and . popularyoung lady, who has frequently, visited Paris friends. She is the granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ball, ofVersailles, and niece of. Mrs. Charlton Alexander, of Paris.Mr. Coleman is the only son of hishouse and' both families are amongthe most prominent people of Harrodsburg. He is the grandson, ofMrs. Cohen, of Lexington jThe young couple have the good'wishes of friends far and near fortheir complete happiness.Gas Mantlesand. as Globes..Good'quality inverted GasMantles10c.100 Candle Power Upright Gas Mantles10cStrongest Mantle MadeUpright Gas Globes10cInverted Gas Globes 'IOCGasoline RagJMantles15cLet us supply your needsPeoples PharmacyPARIS, KY.Dole Building 8th and Main.X "Watch Our Windows."YbujrSPECULATION-PRUDENTMAN.i-QUIOtImDC, :H gflVn afKjHBH :::iPjjfrflI rVBBMB .4-rrff V . v 5v iife&&fcfe;.. :&j&& i 1: JTfir &&Ji:.. . v s c,"rc -"r"T"TMany, many, good, honest men have worked hard andpiled up a little fortune, and then all at once LOST all theyhad by just ONE foolish investment.The following appeared recently in the newspapersabout avery prominent man who died:Despite his marvelous financial career inand. around Chicago, which caused him at, ' " one time ,to belated as a millionaire, hedied a BANKRUPT. Most of his great- fortune melted in disastrous speculations.sMake OUR tank YOUR bank,We pay 3 pjer cent, interest on Savings.-,a'a-"DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANK'sA.CAPITAL - .-, $ JSO.OOO.OOSUMUS... :..... $Q,mMIS,IM.MftroWtMa Ht '. rWAiAr ci J--1-Xv'v f " !?1" . . .-imwr -". ' Jf .!. Tfe Sfcfil . T JFT-JJk&rm-?f ii.VSiJb-t-" r.",k -ja 't;i?3.