rTHE BOURBON NEWStPUBLISHED EVERY.. TUESDAY AND FRIDAY, IN THE YEARJlpiXLl' i- frvolume;;xxxiiPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1914.r-CHRISTMAS CHEER.Sp-eal Throughout The City With ALavish Hand By Organization.4 liristmas, as nearly unanimous ascoj.ditions will probably ever permit,v&B made possible in Paris this yearv. persons and organizations imbuedura the true Yuletide spirit.Paris citizens generously ralliedxo the cause of filling empty stock-:ncs with Christmas cheer and child-,sl hearts with gladness. The Newso wishes that each contributor tof Christmas fund could have madeiir rounds in the distribution ofKf gifts. Had this been possibletV proverb. "It is more blessed tov than to receive" would have been- filled into the souls of all.n:o greater reward conceivable couldgiven than the joyous bewildermentthe children, numbed by the generous"i unexpected gifts. In previousrs Santa Claus had failed to re-;nber many of them, and these-e steeled to expect neglect this.-on. But Santa Claus "camevfc" with a willing eagerness and a,'ery greeting to these homes thisz. o. and faith, in the good old-' it Nick" wras renewed.otters to Santa Claus from ther . tots in desolate homes, somen cJce bare by the illness and thed-wh of fathers or mothers, wereanswered in person by the YuletideFairy, who granted their desires.Sxae mothers told their children thatSanta Claus would come this yearin an automobile in the place of as'c.gh drawn by reindeers janglingw. h bells. Instead of watching thechimney, for in many instances therevtre no chimneys, the kiddies stationed themselves at -windows andst&tmclily guarded their posts untiltN "honk-honks" arrived."nildish faces of estatic anticipates and glowing eyes, peeringtirough broken panes, greetedChristmas workers in a' great manyhomes whejre the windows overlooked the streets. Many of therooms, however, were of the kindThere the eager children simply satand waited.Sacks filled with candies, nuts, toysana fruits were accepted by manychildren as though it were too good"Santa Claus has come!" cried others,who met the workers half way to thehouse. Hands immediately dived into the bag and hasty inventories weremade. The gratitude of mothers andfathers was the most impressive feature of the rounds, outside the deIhht of the children. The day wasotherwise observed by the grown-ups.- extending leligious services at thechurches and by numerous familyreunions and dinner parties.The day was remarkably differentfrom manv others of its kind in thatit was entirely devoid of boisterousaemonstration of any kind, and theaosences of fireworks and otherChristmas accompaniments was verynouceable. The real opservance ofthe Christmas holidays was begunTl'ursdav evening when the bigmunicipal Christmas tree" oil thecourt house law nwas lighted andt'ie "Star of Bethlehem" shone in alli brilliance from the apex of thetree. From the steps of the courthouse Christmas carols were sung bys large chour of select voices undert direction of Dr. Frank Fithian. AUige crowd gathered on the streetsand on the steps to listen to thebeautiful carols that uoated outon the night air. The singersentertained the crowds for an hour,and then m ade a visit to the MassieMemorial Hospital, where they sangto the "shutins" there.All over the city the spirit of Christmas seemed to hover, and nevermore than this time was there betterexemplified the meaning of "Peace onearth, good will to men."The Bourbon News, m a cut-ana-clnedexpression, "A Merry Christmasand A Happv New Year," means toplace special emphasis in this formo; salutation to its friends To ourenemies, we are but human and cannet refrain from tying a little stringto the greeting, but deep down m ourheart, we are free from malice andm fact hope sincerely, that everybody,irrespective of friend or foe, enjoyedthe holidays to the fullest extent. Wenope they had impressed upon themthe lull meaning of the occasion.Mav tlie coming year bring to oneand all every possible form of prosperity, and in the language of that lovable old vagabond. Rip Van Winkle"Here's to you and your family mayyou live long and prosper!"Nearly two hundred baskets, containing fruits, candies, nuts, toys, etc.,ere distributed to children throughout the city, and about one hundredbaskets with, food, money, flour, etc.,were sent to the homes where merewould have been no Christmas clieer"thev ise The homes were also pro-.WL with coal ,The big Christmas tree continuedhted Saturday and Sunday nignts,bis white star shining resplendantoe all Taken all in all, ,as..onerle maiden tersely erpressed it inont of the News office "Mother, thiss been some Christmas, sure.Clay's Sausage.DONE BY THE TYPES.Newspaper compositors and menho edit copy, no matter how eagleed they may be, sometimes allowors to get by that are either'aughable or humiliating. A Chicagofcaper, in reporting a political meet&Si said that the vast audience rentthe air "with their snouts.' Another'cago paper reported that the proPeler Alaska was leaving port witha cargo of 40, bushels of cats. ABuffalo paper in describing the sceneien Roosevelt took tne oath ofoce a President;, said it was a'ctacle never to be forgotten when4,rsevolt, before the Chief Justicef Supreme Court, and a few "wit-I'-tS. tnnV Me eitnnlo Viath?s, took his simple bath.NOTED SIRE DEAD.The famous saddle show horse andSire Pat Washington, died Saturdayat the farm of his owner-breeder WE. Stilwell at hilesburg at the advanced age of 26. His death was dueto locked bowels. He was otherwisein good health and had been playingin his paddock the day before hedied. Pat Washington would havebeen 27 years old had he lived untilMay 13, the coming year.The horse has been very much inthe public eye for the past quarter ofa century. His show career startedas a yearling when he beat eightgood colts and until his retirementfrom the show ring some years laterand defeated many high-class showhorses, one ofl tiff most noted ofwhich he beat when a five-year-old.Mr. Stilwell not only owned thehorsed but bre him. It is seldomthat a horse i3 bred and owned bythe same man without a change ofownership. Mr. Stilwell also ownpdhis dam, Minnie Parvin, herself a greatuum, lvinmie arvin, nerself a greatprize winner, while his sire, Washington 54, was at the head of the studof Patrick Dolau, of Paynes Depot,Ky., and was the leading sire of theday. A3 a sire Pat Washington hadbeen a very usccessful one. Amongthe best known of his produce wereWmalot, Egyptian Chief, St. Hubert,all winners in New York and thatsold for a combined total of $4,750.Many others by him were creditable show-ring performers andbrought good prices as sale horses.His daughters have started off wellas brood mares, one of them producing the dam of the first AmericanSaddle Horse Futurity winner atLexington, Ky.Pat Washington was a horse ofthe most robust constitution, andwas never sick a day until he wasnearly 26 years old, and of the extremely intelligent kind of horses thatis found among the highest type ofsaddle horses and could be riddenwith a halter. He will be greatlymissed by his owner and saddle horsebreeders. The old horse was buriednear his paddock.FARM HOMES FORMANYBELGIANS.Farms in the South 500 of themis the Christmas present America offers to destitute Belgian farmers.Each farm will have a house offrom two to five rooms, also ahose, a cow, a couple of pigs, adozen, chickens on it, and all theimplements necesary to run a farm.Each colony of fifty have its churchand school house.This offer of farm homes in theSouthern States Maryland, North andSouth Carolina, Georgia, Tennessee,Virginia, Kentucky and Alabama, hasbeen submitted to Belgian exiles by W.H. Manns, vice president of a Southern settlement and development association. Manns has arrived in Londonarmed with credentials from Secretaryof State BryanThis plan is not charity, but a publicspirited undertaking and a businessproposition, they offer the Belgianswork and an opportunity to help themselves. No payments will be askedduring the first year, and paymentsmay be made m from five to twentyyears.An effort will be m ade to get theBelgian relief ships to carry the Belgian farmers to their farms in the"cotton belt."HERALDPLACES MAILINGLIST ON CASH BASIS.On September 15 The LexingtonHerald announced that from that dateits mailing list would be conductedon a strictly cash in advance basis,all subscribers being discontinued onthe first and fifteenth of each monthho were not paid in advance. Thispractise was adhered to from thatdate, but on the 15 of December it wasdecided by The Herald to continue allsubscribers whose subscriptions expired betwreen that date and the 15 ofJanuary to the last named date, thusgiving "ample time for all who havebeen in the habit of paying on thefirst of the year to do so before theexpiration date. They also offer therate of $5.00 to all of those subscribers who wil pay the full year in advance before January 15.A daily newspaper was never &more Velcome visitor to a home thanit has been f or months past and as itwill be for months to come. The greatwar of Europe seems just in its be-trinnine-.while trouble seems againhrAwiner on the Mexican border. The imarkets, on account of the unsettledconditions abroad and at home, continue to vary constantly and a dailynewspaper is an absolute necessityto the farmer for his protection.MORE DISCUSSION.There has been widespread discussion of the fact that Jailer Jos. Farris,had apparently granted unusual liberties to George Alexander, the convicted Paris banker, on account of reported ill health of the latter, afterhe had been given over to the custodyof the jailer for safe keeping pendinghis confinement in the penitentiary.Jailer Farris, it is stated, had declined to treat Alexander as an ordinarycriminal would have been treated, butave him instead comfortable privateapartments, witli special privileges notusually granted to persons under sen-tnc0Repots were current that there hadbeen some feeling against Mr. Farrison account of the alleged lemiencyshown to Mr. Alexander, and that thenext grand jury would investigate thematter. ,, .nmtv Attorney George Batterton,in answer to an inquiry, denied that hewould take the matter to the grandiurv or that he would take any stepswhatever to inquire into Jailer Farnsattitude.SPECIAL JUDGE TAKESCASE UNDER ADVISEMENTDuring the Ham-Ramsay revivalmeetings last October, John Payneand his wife, Mrs. Mollie Payne residing m .bast Pans, had a domestic disagreement and parted company. Thewife left two young children and herhusband at their home, and rentedrooms in the Flcklin building onMain Street.At a meeting at the Tabernacle onenight shortly after Mr. Ramsay wasasked to inquire of the audience whowould be willing to adopt the eldestchild, a boy, four or five years old.Mrs. Percy Holm, of West Seventh'Street, wanted him, and the boy was 'turned over to her a day of two 'later. At the request of Mr. Holm, 'county juuge McMillan granted a Juvenile Court order placing the boy inhis care and a County Court orderapprenticing him to learn the trade ofccirnage painter.In the meantime the Paynes had became reconciled and sought to recover custody of the child, but theHolms refused to give hi mup. Mr.Payne then sworn out a habeas corpus writ. As the points at issue involved the previous court entries,Judge McMillan declined to preside,and the attorneys for both sides requested the appointment of JudgeHarmon Stitt as Special Judge. Thecase which had been on trial at intervals for over a week was finallyended yesterday, after arguments, andwas taken under advisement by JudgeStitt, who will give his decision thismorning.BATTLE IN THE AIRWITNESSED INISENGLAND.The spectacle of a fight in the air,witnessed near South End On Sea,on the English coast, recently, wasone which ten years ago would ihavebeen considered one of the wildestimaginations of fiction.Three aeroplanes, one a Germanand two British were flying overhead at seventy miles an hour almost a mile high. The German mov-ing more swiftly than the others.The British were spitting fire, wjliilethe German was unable to reply onaccount of the strategic position ofjher pursuers.When the German first came insight the anti-aircratt arms fired several shots, but after the Britishaeroplanes gave case it was impossible to fire without danger of hitting all three.The spectacle lasted five minutes.The German dodged and twisted inan effort to escape, but the Britishwere on both sides pouring in rapidvolleys.The speed at which the aeroplanes were traveling made the aimuncertain, but one of the Britishswooped clown close to the Germanand pumped in several shots at closerange.Now the German returned the fire,but so far as the people on the waterfront could see no damage was doneto either side.FARMERS' WEEK AT LEXINGTON.It is expected that one ot theJaryet vatherings of farmers everheld in Kentucky will take place atLexington January 5, 6, 7 and 8,when the agriculturists from all partsof the State will gather at the StateUniversity for farmers' week.In connection with this event therewill be "he fifth annual meeting ofthe Kentucky Corn Growers' Association and prizes will be awarded in allof the divisions.In the boys' department especialeffort has been made to interest theyoung growers in corn production,and the Camden trophy will be givento the boy producing the best thirtyfive ears of corn of any color. Thistrophy is open to the State-at-large,but there are prizes offered the boysalso in all the usual divisions.Another feature of the week will bethe home economics division, inwhich a large number of prizes areto be given.Exhibitions in this department willbe made not only by the women ofthe State, but by the various schools,including high schools, county andgraded schools.TOBACCO SALES TO REOPEN.The leaf tobacco market which closedat the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouselast Tuesday will be resumed with theODenine sale today. There has beenan upward tendency in the ma rket,and prices have improved. Most ofthe quality that has been offered hasbeen of an inferior kind, and as aresult there has been no very unusual averages reported, though someof them have been very g ood. Therehas been a decided increase in goodred tobacco, and trash and flyings,while it looks as if the low grades arebringing all their value and as muchas last year.The receipts of tobacco" at the localhouse for today's .sale were veryheaw, about ""WjOOO pounds beinsron the floor, with a good prospect ofbeing largely increased by the newarrivals today.CHRISTMAS COTILLON.The Bourbon German Club will entertain with a Christmas Cotillon tomorrow (Wednesday) evening, December 30, at the Masonic Temple. Mr.and Mrs. Stanhope Weidemann, of thecounty, have been designed as leaders Iof the proposed dance, and a most enjoyable occasion is being looked f orward to by the young people. A Lexington orchestra has been secured tofurnish the music. Tickets can nowbe secured at the clothing store ofMitchell & Blakemore.Whtn Words Darn Deep.li "with "words as with, sunbeamsftie more they are condensed, thdeeper they burn. Robert Southay.yiviitcneii &txSMitchell & Blakemore,IThe Store for Mien's StylesBALDWIN'SWe wish everycitizen inBourbonI County a! Prosperous:NEWYEAR!We also thankour customersfor the largestbusiness wehave ever had.!BALDWIN BROS.i915Blakemore'sSreetimgsTo Our Friends:We desire to extend to you theCompliments of the Season and express our sincere wishes for yourprosperity for the Coming Year witha continuance of the cordial relationsexisting between us."coFRANKTO OUR PATRONSOur thanks andthe season'sbestGreetingsFRANKThe Store WhereParis, Kentucky& CO.& CO.ReliabilityJUReigns.tv,V-7 'v,&I-1.""V, :$? '9,VjV krtl jsS&'t, "v-jpwvr-' &?.'..-.,.1sttt.1i j-V- "... "" K'J. -,-fif , , .' . "" i J& 4 - .- rV"-&-, ft.'-.3fc-V4aJSt.T - - ..is'Miir-i-J-i.l: i4The Bourbon NewsEatablishcd iWi-32 Years of ContinouiAis Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Batered at the Pans, Kentucky,Poetofilce as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Oae Year $2.00 Six Months. 51.00Payable in Advance.Pubhshed Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInoh for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeaob issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseBts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Sjsace is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.ruttyW aid 3 i. LXWASHINGTON, Dec. 23. TheWashington. Post gives prominence toa news dispatch stating that overatiires for pe ace between Russia andGermany already are under way.The Post says negotiations are being condumted through "one fo themost powerful agencies in the world,"a medium friendly to Germany andjcubsia and that they look for an. adjustment of all differences betweenRussia and Germany, notwithstanding the joint agreement signed in thewar by Russia, France an dEngland3iGt to discuss terms of peace separately. The Post sas in part:"The reception given preliminary"negotiations indicates that there maysuddenly emerge from Europe a newalignment shattering all prediction asto the outcome of the present war andstamping on the maps of Europe, Asiaand Africa new boundaries and newsovereignties unthought of "ft hen the jwar began. I"'With Servia's showing of ability to 'protect her own intergrity Russia'sreal interest in the war has practically ceased. To fight further meanschiefly to aid the world diplomacyand policies of Great Britain, againstwhich RueMia bjas had anhistoric iaversion."The exact terms on which thenegotiations are being conducted arenot known, but it is understood thatthe first requisite of Russia is theunfettered use of the Black Sea andthe Dardenelles in peace or in war."It is regarded as certain that ifthe negotiations no under way arecontinued little difficulty will bemetwith in securing Turkey's consent toanything Germany may demand."Russia has never opposed Germany's commercial and industrial activities in Turkey, including her planto extend her railroads and commerceto the Persian Gulf, Great Britain, onthe contrary, has always bitterly protested against this extension of German influence.Wireless telegraphy is being used in-Canada in reporting on forest fires.are usually thin and easilyworried, slecn dnpn nnf refresh and the system gets weakeraai weaker.Scott's Emulsion corrects nervousness by force of nourishment-it feedsthe nerve centres by distributing energy and power all over the body.Don't resort to alcoholic mixturesor drug concoctions.Ge SCOTTS EMULSION forymmr mmrm nothing mmml oriwiipaiw mttH if, bmt uiitthe mmm SCOTT'S.kestscky Carlsbad Springs-Something That the Kentucky Carls,, bai Water Will Do That Not Other Water Ever Discov-ered Has Done."We will take the albumen out ofyor water in three days and we arecaring all cases of diabetes that drinktke water. We will give relief to theTnoat severe cases of kidney troublein one day and will absolutely cure anycase im If days. Stomach trouble guarantee it to cure any case in ten daysif it kasn't become cancerous. Bladder trouble of any kind will be curedia tea days. It will cure any old soreby bathing in it for two or three days.We guarantee it to cure any case ofcatarrh of the head or bowels in tendays. If you drink this water for tenys you wii be absolutely free frontccvalipation or any organic trouble, asit positively will restore every inter--siorgan of the body in ten. days.If it 4oesn't the treatment won't costyoa aaything.Ton.' can get the same results, if itis aot convenient for you to come tor the Spriags, right at home, as we shiptke water with full directions, excepting rkeumatic cases; they must cometo tke Spriags to get well. Be sureto write for our fras booklet.Kentucky CarlsbadSprkigs, IncRY RIME, KY.tflhL 1MHn rill1 K- EVCWY DRUGGIST HAS IT. Jjjk.mfcUSE COTTONSEEDOIL.The European war, t according tospecialists in the United States Department of Agriculture, affords theAmerican housewife an excellent opportunity to become better acquaintedwith a very useful native productwhich has hitherto suffered somewhatfrom a popular prejudice. By usingcottonseed instead of olive oil Americans can not only save themselvesmoney, but can benefit southern cottongrowers suffering from the interrup-;tion of their normal export trade. Inthe year ending June 30, 1913, nearly140,000,000 worth of cottonseed products was shipped to Europe. Much ofthis was in the form of cottonseedmeal, the stock-feeding value of whichto farmers is not yet thoroughly appreciated in this country. The remainder is in the form of oils and fatsused tor cooking and domestic purposes. The latter class of productsmust now, to a great extent at least,be consumed in this country or not atall.Hitherto there has been a widespread belief that cottonseed oil wasused chiefly to cotauerfeit or imitate olive oil. This has subsequentlyresulted in a prejudice which hasdone much to prevent cottonseed oilfrom being judged on its merits. Asa matter of fact, it is fully as nutritive as olive oil, and, on account of itsi bland flavor, is actually preferred bymany. It lacks, of course, the distinctive olive flavor which many persons, especially the Italians, find desirable. Italians, indeed, are frequently not satisfied with the flavorof the highest-grade virgin olive oil,but prefer the poorer product derived from a second pressing of thefruit.Those who prefer their food lesshighly seasoned will find cottonseedoil pleasant in French dressing orsalads. In mayonnaise dressing,where mustard or other condimentsare used, the cottonseed oil gives thedressing a rich, creamy taste,The great advantage of cottonseedoil, however, is, of course, its cheapness. It always has been much cheaper than the best quality of importedoil, and now that tne importation ofolive oil is interfered with the difference in the price of the two oils willprobably be greater than ever. Thelower cost of the American cottonseedoil it in itself a stiong argument forits more common use. Another isfound in the iact that improvementsin the process of manufacture haveresulted in making the modern cottonseed oil is in itself a strong argumentfor its more common use. Another isfound in the fact that improvementsin the process of manufacture haveresulted in making the modern cottonseed table products very different today from those of even a few yearsago. Then' the oil was objected tobecause it was rather strongly flavored and dark colored. Modern processes have removed these objections,and now yield clear, rich oils free fromodor and mild and pleasing in flavor.In tins country edible cottonseedoil is manufactured almost entirely inlarge establishments which make useof sanitary machinery. In this respect the American product differswidely from the imported, which isfrequently made in small quantitieson individual farms, whose proprietors rarely devote imuch attention tohygienic considerations.The original oil pressed from thecottonseed by powerful ' hydraulicpresses is a dark red. To this sodacompounds are added in order to remove the free fatty acids and also totake out some of the color. The remaining color is removed by the addition of fuller's earth, the result being an oil that is practically colorless.The oil is then deodorized by blowingsteam through it or by means of otherspecial processes. The final product!is a liquid which, as far as its nutritive value goes, is practically the sameas that of olive oil.In addition to this fine product,much of the oil is now compoundedwith beef sue or lard and in thepreparation of solid white cooking fatsand shortening. These cottonseedand other vegetable oils are also hardened by a new process which enablesmanufacturers to make from liquidoils semisolid fats, as lard substituteswithout the addition of any animal fatswhatever.CRYING FOR HELP.Lots of It in Paris But DailyGrowing Less.The kidneys often cry for help.Not another ongan. in the wholebody more delicately constructed;Not one more important to health.The kidneys are the filters ofblood.When they fail the blood becomesfoul and poisonous.Backaqlie is one of the frequentindications of kidney troubles.It is often the kidneys' cry forhelp. Have it.Read what Doan's Kidney Pillshave dine for overworked kidneys.Proof of merit in the followingstatement:Mrs. Eva Cooper, Main St., Winchester, Ky., says: "Although Inever had occasion to use a kidneyremedy myself, I can strongly recommend Doan's Kidney Pills tor weQiave taken them in the family withfine results. One of the family hasfor pain. in. the back and kidneys.", Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney . Pills the samethat Mrs. Cooler had. FosterMilburn Co., Props., Buffalo, "N. Y.(Adv.)Tne Ways of a Man.Nothing pleases a man better thanfo be misunderstood by someone sothat he can tell you about it. He maytalk about his future, his prospects,his interests, his family, or his business, but when he speaks of himselfhe is in earnest.Ytanj-Ylanf.Ylang-ylang, or canangaoil, is Vired from the flowers of Canangaodorata and is regarded as one of theroost delicious odors in the market. ItI1is albo produced in the Philippines.-,1, Haattook PIGSTO Jho tl EL? Hit Mf-H',Panama Banker Got'Thtm In "NewYorl and Will Take Them toHis Southern Home.A taxicab drove up to the Wolcottthe other day, and a man jumped out,says the New York Times. From thevehicle came a succession of short' squeaks, which caused George Dunn,the head porter, to hurry out and regard the occupants with amazement.They were six small pigs.The man who had accompaniedthem was Ramon Arias, one of theleading bankers of Panama, who hasbeen spending several months in theUnited States."I want you to take care of themfor me," said Senor Arias."But we draw the line at pigs," protested Dunn."Then take them somewhere else,"suggested the banker, "only have thenwell taken care of."Dunn did not know of any liotelthat takes pigs, or any boarding housefor porkers, so he decided to try thelivery stable men of his acquaintance.Finally he found one who said thatfor proper compensation he mighthouse the unusual visitors, so a stallwas partitioned off, and there thepigs have been boarding. They areto be shipped to Panama.Senor Arias bought them in theWest Washington market, and theywill go to his big farm near the cityof Panama, where he hopes to astonish his fellow citizens with the resultshe will achieve. These pigs will havecost some money by the time theyreach Panama, for the board hasbeen about two dollars a day at thelivery stable, and the hotel carpenterhas constructed an artistic crate fortheir journey to PanamaFISH ALMOST SWAMP BOATPrompt Assistance Was Necessary toSave the Craft From Weightof Salmon.Only the prompt assistance of another craft saved the purse seine boatElidia from swamping in Port Gardnerunder the weight of chum salmontaken in a single haul of the net. TheNorthwestern came to the rescue, andthe quantity of fish m the net as allboth boats could carry.One of the biggest runs of chumsever seen in this bay appeared. Thismarks the beginning of the real fishrun of the fall season, but the magnitude of the run exceeds all expectations. The Elidia was one of the first boatsto get into the new run here. When thebig purse was hauled in the fish filledthe hold and the weight of these, withthe enormous drag of the fish in thenet still overboard, dragged down thecraft until it was actually floodedwith sea -water. The Northwesternswung alongside, attached a cnblefrom its winch to the Elidia and heldthe craft afloat until it could be bailedout and part of the fish on board transferred to the Northwestern. Everett(Wash.) Dispatch to the Seattle PostIntelligencer. Artif.cfn! Daylight.Not so long ago Henry E Ives devised and patented a method by whichartificial daylight was secured from aWelsbach mantle, and more recentlythe following announcement comesfrom Europe: "A screen which can beused with an ordinary inverted incandescent mantle to produce artificialdaylight has been invented Thiswould seem to bethe first time thatthe method has been applied in a practical form of gas. The apparatus consists of a box receptacle whitened inside, which receives light from the inverted mantle within the dome-like reflector mounted above it. Underneaththis reflector there are two doubleplates of glass, the color of which isselected with a view to securing anexact imitation of a natural northlight."Wouldn't Want to Sleep.OIlie James, the famous Kentuckycongressman and raconteur, hails froma little town in the western part of thestate, but his patriotism is state wide,and when Louisville made a bid forthe last Democratic national convention she had no more enthusiastic supporter than James. A Denver supporter was protesting."Why, you know, colonel," said he,"Louisville couldn't take care of thecrowds. Even by putting cots in thehalls, parlors and the dining rooms ofthe hotels there wouldn't be bedsenough.""Beds!" echoed the genial congressman. "Why, sir, Louisville wouldmake her visitors have such a thundering good time that no gentlemanwould think of going to bed!"Tells Farmers to Taste Mud Pies.Speaking in the Boston chamber ofcommerce's agricultural course theother day, Prof. S. H. Haskell ofMassachusetts Agricultural collegeadvocated the tasting of "mud pies"as an aid in determining productivesoils."Taste the soil and rub it againstthe roof of your mouth," said he."Make mud pies out of it, and soonyou will be able to know the rightsoil."Hero Fund.The Carnegie Hero fund appliesonly to acts performed within theUnited States and Canada, Newfoundland and the waters thereof, and suchacts must have been performed on orafter April 15, 1904, and brought tothe attention of the fund committeewithin three years of the date of thaact :'Ji A. ." i,l He (Cincinnati Knqairer,).1 A: wisV wife" doesn't, attempt, to -form Her"' husband. Xt she will "feedhim welPand treat Jiini 'well and trusto luck, she will be happy.'Before you laugh at the way otherpeople walk just get in front of a bigmirror and walk toward it and laughat yourself.Sometimes you hate people anddon't konw why you hate them.Some of the people you4 hate are people you have never seen, but you hatethem just the same.You can always bet that a twenty--Anr-oldCorn-Fed who has to wear an"out" size in stockings isn't going tobe any thinner when she is 40.SICK HEATACHE.Sick headache is nearly alwayscaused by disorders of the stomach.Correct them and the periodic attacksof sick headache will appear. Mrs.John Bishop of Roseville, O., writes:""About a year ago I was troubledwith indigestion and had sick headache that lasted for two of threedays at a time. I doctored and. trieda number of remedies but nothinghelped me until during one of thosesick spells a friend advised me totake Chamberlain's Tablets. Tis medicine relieved me in a short time."For sale by all dealers.(adv-dec)Some of the girls seem to be doingall they can to solve the problem ofwearing as little as possible and stillkeep from, freezing to death.MRS. McCLAIN'S EXPERIENCE WITH CROUP."When my boy, Ray, was small hewas subject to croup, and I was always alarmed ats uch times. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy proved farbetter than any other for this trouble.It always relieved him quickly. I amnever without it in the house for Iknow it is a positive cure for croup,"writes Mrs. W. R. McCain, Blairsville,Pa. For sale by all dealers.(adv-dec)Why is it that the females whowant to be known as New Women arealways old ones?KEEP IT HANDYFOR RHEUMATISM.No use to squirm and wince and tryto wear out your Rheumatism. It willwear you out instead. Apply someSloan's Liniment. Need not rub it injust let it penetrate all through theaffective parts, relieve the sorenessand draw the pain. You get ease atonce and feel so much betterf youwant to go right out and tell othersufferer's about Sloan's. Get a bottle of Sloan's Liniment for 25 cents ofany druggist and have it in the houseagainst Colds, Sore and SwollenJoinst, Lumbago, Siatica and like ailments. Your money back if not satisfled, but it does give almost instantrelief. Buy a bottle to-day.(adv-dec)! WE WISJFor the largest Year'sEver Had. ForI As heretofore, we willI effort to:PLEASE YOU.May you have manyHappy and: - -I A. P, WHLtLER CO.JlMfUJllA ! ! I HI lljfjf"ffWl ' gBggg- VSBawaMB, 'r inBSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSJmnilflnBSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSmMBlSSl SSWSSSSSSSSSSSSIv s "RMIinif ii m !HRe- , SIROMHnunHUHHUil! IfTWil iinflmiH IffliTiimH fffmWJgIliifmWm 1 HI w'mluiia-M m . t t Bni Warn IUwwfflW(il HBfn WH Wnfflffl ff F BHHHI MUllillllil. ip BBjW8WpilFIREPROOF IVJ Cannot burn never leak look well and Iare inexpensive. They cover the best homes, Ichurches, schools and public buildings all over I' D the country.y XJU 7 For Sale by gHAWKINS,"TwUttUCoin"BourbonDWIS &Telephone No. 4.BourbonParisBEST &H llfl M Hamilton, J6 A SHDEPOUSHESaa5sgsl r -iH TO THANK YOU1915,Prosperous New Years, t-For Sale byMlllersbprg, Kentucky.LaundryFUNK, Props.IIIWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Lanndrtfamous fo- fine work and itdever goes bck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeLaundry,Kentucky.::Business wettrmake everytM "-A.l h - ) ' " " t - -w -w - -wfp dL"- rikr-: J af J?fJ'?cJ!r I.&. ?tr,'N,- sJ .V"4-"'-.t,1 V -tiL'iJ. u:-'?'iiiife Vv W-V." .' V., . ' , "E-n'ftp.rfr.jafr'-. rf r.i ' . a,-" jE-j.2"'-... ' VTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 2,1914nt.w-&WIPH''!1'!''' if lilt 'I HITO THEANDESPECIALLY THE FARMERS II HAVE OBTAINEDI AUCTIONEERI have practiced the professionf or a number ofyears and am a'good one. I solicit the trade of thepublic in this line. Anything you have to sell inway ofI Real Estate, Farm Products, Household orkitchen Furniture, Stock, Grofr, Etc.J will be sold by me at a reasonable price. Give mea chance at you J business I will guarantee to getJ as high, a price as any auctioneer in the State. Callme over either phone, or, better still, call at myplace of business. Phones: Cumberland 226, HomeI 242.Morris VangroffProp. Paris Furniture Co. 716 Main Street."Be Sure and Get Your Money's Worth."15-5tT r ,.t,..i..T..T..T..r..T..T..... .T.. .j..f - y- -f- -T- t- T T"T -I $3.00one yearCOURIER -Daily By Mail(NOTDuring JanuaryANDFebruary Only.::Regular Annual BargainTwof Just One-HalfSubscription orders at this rate will be acceptedonly when sent through regular Courier-JournalAgent in this district.STRUBY & CO., Paris, IHy.COURIER-JOURNAL COMPANY, Louisville, KyNotice to Stockholders.The stockholders of the Agricultural Bank of Paris, Kentucky, willmeet at the banking house on Monday,January 4, 1915, between the hours of9 a. ra. and 3 p. m., to elect directorsfor the ensuing year.J. W. DAVIS, President.J. J. McCLINTOCK, Cashier.(22-td)Stockholders MeetingThe stockholders of the Deposit and ree Painter, who has been omployPeoples Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will j e(j "by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirmeet at the banking house on Monday, ' successor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for theJanuary 4, 1915, between the hours of paBt g yers, has opened a shop at the' am., and 3 p. m., to eiect aireutuiblor the ensuing year.S. E. BEDFOR, President.S. E. BEDFORD, President.(22dec-td)WANTEDClothing, hat and furnishing goodssalesman for retail store. Address"Clothing," care of Bourbon News.(25-tf)Furnished RoomSi1vrnished or unfurnished rooms for5J.t on Duncan avenue. JHonie phone.308. .-- (25t-d)i yc,PUBLICtA LICENSE AS ANTr T T"i 1 T T T Tj 1 It It 111111111111Ajr$1.75 1SIX MONTHSiJOURNAL4SUNDAY)X4PeriodMonths.Limited to TheseRegular Price, fJ:LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)This is a queer world. When youare alive you ride on a hard seat on ajolting cart and nobody gives a darn,When you die you get a nice, paddedcasket so you will rest easy, and a rubber-tiredhearse so you won't be annoyed by the bumps.Expert CarriagePainter."M Pprpv T-Tahn. tlio exnert flar-corner of Foutn ana iign streets, anasolicits the patronage of those needing anything in his line.Beth Phones 583.rQulckly relieTes "RhearaRtlRn. Sore Mas-jJcle. Keuralgia, JiackaOie, mauacm: r.n-iliva ftnr ache in any part of tue bod. i.it..:., i iitr niniir larc 11 iiwm iufifteen minute time. .Free wunpl aad cirasUr sent on requwUBOURBON KEMfcUT UimrAwi, ..342 East Main St., LtMngton, Ky.iff ft t 1 1 M'"H I i iwRATTLESNAKE IS AUTO-PROOFRtptlU Continued In Fight MoodAfter Being RepeatedlyRun Over.William Burguson of the CharlestonMotor Sales company, while drivingthrough North Charleston in an automobile, effected the capture of a largerattlesnake, which he brought toCharleston, S. C, alive. The reptileis between five and six feet in length,with six rattles and a button, and isof the deadly diamond back variety.The capture was made by the skillful use of a lasso which was hastilymade from a ball of twine. Whenfirst sighted the snake was vigorouslydisputing the right of way with Mr.Burguson's automobile, and it was thebuzzing of the snake's rattles whichfirst attracted his attention. The rattler was stretched across the road,and Mr. Burguson, intending to kill it,drove the car directly over its body.The snake coiled, and made severalvicious strikes at the auto, apparentlynone the worse for having had itsbody passed over by several hundredweight. The driver backed the car,and again ran over the reptile, butwith no apparent effect, except to putthe rattler in a worse humor, for thelatter repeatedly struck at the wheelsof the car. Mr. Burguson theD alighted and attacked the husky specimenwith a large stick, and the snake retreated to the bushes on the side ofthe road. After an exciting chase thereptile was finally stunned and lassoed. Mr. Burguson brought it to thecity in a box. It is the intention ofMr. Burguson to give the snake toProfessor Rea of the museum, alive,as the reptile seemed to recover completely from Its rough handling within a few hours after its capture, andshowed fight every time any one tooka peep at it in its temporary prison.THIS HACKMAN WAS THRIFTYNotwithstanding His Lack of MemoryHe Manages to Collect a"Half" Fare.A Newark man went to Newtown,Conn., the other day, in quest of aninterview with Doctor Hadley, president of Yale. At the railway stationhe learned that the Hadley home wasseveral miles distant. An elderlyhackman, driving a spavined horseand a rickety carriage, waited conveniently near, and the reporter hiredhim for the trip.Out through the country they drovefor three or four miles. Suddenly thehackman slapped his knee andshouted:"Whoa!""What's the matter now?" askedthe reporter."By crickety!" said the hackman,"if that feller Hadfey didn't leave townon the train this morning, and I cleanforgot all about it!""It's a wonder you didn't remem-ber before you brought me away outhere," the reporter explained."Oh, well," replied the hackman. "Iwon't charge you but half-fare. Iwon't charge you but a couple of dollars." The Periscope.Permit me to introduce myself tothe public generally. Modest and retiring, both by nature and occupation,I have hitherto refrained from obtruding myself upon the attention of themultitude.My name is Periscope. My principalobject in life is to rise to every necessary occasion. When this demandsmy more or less immediate presence,I occupy myself by holding up themirror, not to Nature, but to the enemy. Like an occasional idea whichrenders superfluous old systems ofphilosophy, I have Ojpme to rendersuperfluous an entire cycle of inventions. I am the last triumph of mindover matter. I reflect, and a thousandmen go down to their fate. Withinthe blue zone of my horizon, subjectto my orders, flits the angel of death.I am the naval eye that put thenaught in dreadnaught. Life.Canadians Teach English.Canadian troops arriving at Salisbury Plain, England, carry an entrenching tool that is novel to theEnglishman. It is capable of beingused as a shield and is slung acrosstheir shoulder in a leather case. Thetool is a spade weighing about fourpounds, and consequently can be carried at all times. The spade has anoval hole in the center of it throughwhich a gunbarrel can be thrust. Thetool thus serves both as a rifle restand a' shield to the soldier in thefrpnohPR All th nnrto hvo hpin them is practically bulletproof. At Ia distance of 200 yards heavy ammuni-not penetrate them.Nathan Bedford Forrest.It is not true that General Forrestwas "an ignorant man, never to hisdjing day able to read or write," ashas been said. On the other hand, hewas a man of extraordinary naturalability and the possessor of a greatdeal of solid wisdom. The poverty ofhis parents prevented him from obtaining 'an early education, but in maturelife he learned to read and write. Thebest life of Forrest is that of Dr. JohnA. Wyeth.Edinburgh for Quiet Sunday.Cinematograph shows have beenprohibited in Edinburgh on Sundays,by the magistrates. They have alsoinstructed the chief constable to takesteps to mitigate the -nuisance causedby boys shouting; newspapers on Sunday.j especially during, divine service. -f A,,DON'TE. M.Big Ten Days' Sale ofFTJ R,3SriTTLTR,E3CARPETS, RUGS, STOVESEverything marked low for cash until Christmas. Takeadvantage of this sale and buy Christmas Presents now andhave them laid aside. iSOLID COMFORTis suggested by the mere appearanceof one of our Fancy Easy ChairsThey are specially built to afford restful ease to the tired. They are artistic and well made, and are offered atfair prices. We have a full line ofnew and handsome Household Furniture, embracing everything from Carpets to Bedsteads, and we welcome allwho desire to inspect our stock.When may we expet a call from you?THE NEWLY WEDDED PAIR.seeking articles of Furniture of com-"V: rt"Y au .lul "" uw ""vt T W 1 -u- 4-t 4-Vkn - s-tnr lvmv vttill1111U LILIO U, VIHJ1A7 dUU OCtLC UlAKiXS LUbuy choice because it affords suchwide selection, safe because everything for any part of the house issubstantially constructed, honestlypriced.""" JjyA TEST FOR LIVER COMPLAINT.Mentally Unhappy Physically Dull.The Liver, sluggish and inactive,firsts hows itself in a mental wayunhappy and critical. Never is therejoy in living, as when the Stomach andLiver are doing their work. Keep yourLiver active and healthy by using Dr.King's New Life Pills; they empty theBowels freely, tone up your Stomach,ure your constipation and purify theBlood. 25c at Druggists.Bucklin's Arnica Salve excellent forPiles.(adv-dec)FOREST NOTES.The best excelsior is made frombasswood or linden. Aspen and Cottonwood, however, supply nearly halfof the total amount manufactured.The King of England has given permission to have a part of the royalestate placed at the disposal of the! school of forestry at Cambridge "University for purposes of experiment anddemonstration.j William Penn, in his CharterRights, provided thac for everyotfiveacres of forest cleared one acre shouldbe left in woods, foresters to-daymaintain that on an average one-fitthof every farm should be in timber.Recent experiments indicate that,round timbers of all pines, of Engle-Jmann spruce, Douglas fir, tamarack, Iand western larch, can be readilytreate with preservatives, but that thefirs, hemlocks, redwood and Sitkaspruce, in the round, do not take treatment of lound posts, poles or mineprops. iPROMPT ACTION WILLSTOP YOUR COUGH.When you first catch a Cold (ortenindicated by a sneeze "or cough Lreakit up at once. The idea that doesnot matter" often leads to iouscomplications. The remedy hichimmediately and easily peneti thelining of the throat is the I demanded. Dr. King's New DisjcVerysoothes the irritation, loosens thephlem. You feel better at once. "Itseemed to reach the verjr spot of my,1 ,- rl- ' Ac r-nrt. flirt TrtortrJirtnoBf 4-rtc-VjUUgU D Jll7 ULtUC AIXCIUJ J.Xlf.UGi3( CCJO"J timomals. oOc. at your .Druggist.uBcaFAIL TO SHOP ATWHEELERSujSJMixjLiEWjmzziessszamHOME, SWEET HOMEis made still more sweet and invitingwhen cosily and comfortably furnished from our complete House Furnishing Establishment. Here you notonly get the best and most durablequalities, but the very latest stylesin fashionable Furniture. You havea large variety to select from, and theprices are so low that they tempt youto do the choosing and ordering rightaway.TV 'ti?l rfTif.u i aT'M,OflC3C.tf ' .J3 :rs.i' -vJK " VinMl imrni, , ,-.wIT'S WITHIN YOURREACH.Dainty, yet well-made Furniture isnot only for those with fat pocketbooks. Any one possessed of tasteand a small amount of money can furnish a house well. Come in and seewhatA Little Moneycan buy here. Just as good bargainsin carpets and rugs as in furniture.T y .1inLjZ! IWjB, Iil : Ikm k . aa J iif.JBu-Eighth arid Main, Paris,Any time you have an enemy who isa married man, just slip two theatreseat coupons in his pocket when heisn't looking. His wife will conjureup enough orncryness to secure 91 divorces out of the fact that he didn'ttake HER with him.LOST.Between Kid Stout's Cafe and thecorner of Fourth and Pleasant streets,a solitaire diamond ring. A cash reward of ?50 will be paid for its returnto this office and no questions asked.(18-ft)75?..fe50ilTwin Bms. De4kCff't 'if -of 'iwh W xrl lili r Vi 1 VimphuHfcP HJallVevefh'ant Mdn StiJ, Parts, Ky.Jj! .. .... m..T...i'.... J.J. t.W -C'.T. --TT-.M -"'J-,si:,,?A'.o. j?i-r " ?rm) rr $$&$&.TURN THE STRONGEST UGHTon our Fruniture and erery piece willstknd the test, because they are well '-'and thoroughly made and will stta.The Closest Investigationfrom the most critical. We 4 motcarry shoddy stuff; we valoe or imputation too much what we H youmay be depended upon for qualityand weal.LET US SHOW YOUthrough our stock rooms aad you willagree with ms that you never i&w alner collection of Household Furnitureanywhere in this vicinity. We wouldlike to have you call and examine ourstock thoroughly, it will stand theclosets scrutiny for beauty, strengthand artistic effects. Such high qmality Furniture is seldom offered at.such low prices..it ,Til IT iJvKy.Stock at Cost.As our lease soon expires on ourstore room, we will close out ourENTIRE LINE OF HARDWARE,consisting of everything usually kept -ina first-cass hardware store. Alarge line of Stoves, Ranges, Heaters,Enamelled Ware, Farming Imple- -ments,Wire Fence, Steel Posts, Etc.I Sale begins onSATURDAY, DECEMBER, 19, 1914,and will continue until the entire stock,is closed out.BEST& HAWKINS,(18-tf Millersburg, KyBargainsAt i win B os. Dept. Store,Cor 7th and Main Sts.-j-HolidaySpecial Low PricesONLadies Suits, Cloaks, SkirtvTine millinery, Sbots,aiaists,tc.Dry Goods, Silks,. EtcBig Assortment of J Holiday Pre-'ents. Call and See ,Sanla Claus.- -rxc"?ji"'i- i&J ' - -- ftA.. ..... , .-. . .. .-,...,. u..u&... .... , 'j. - jii ' - j- , -jjfttc.. -fttmt tiff x iu MnaJtt n zfm ;fi rv i .jit Jh .iIVj4-i. - i" xcJ" .v VM vxS' -fc s. -V "V-.' .- iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KEPTUGKY, DECEMBER 29, 1914.z5 . -sST8GK AHD FARM NOTES.Vv-r-j. fVRELIGIOUSDEATHSi-v.i I' !MjuH-ii1ii$I H.iVThe rapid cleaning up of all marketable horses of all types to supplytha demand created by the war, makesit "certain that good prices will beitained for several years.Pat Washington, aged twenty-sixyears, one of the oldest and bestkaown saddle horses of the Blue Grassdied Saturday morning, December 19,at tke stock farm of his owner, V. E.'-JStUlwell, at Avon, Ky.His breeding was of such as toattract people to him, as he was asom of Washington, then at the headof Patrick Dolan's breeding farm, andthe most popular sire of the times,while his dam was Minnie Parvin, a.noted show mare of her day.Last December there were severalmillion pounds of tobacco sold in Parisbefore the Christmas holidays and, ?a Paris alone at least $150,000was turned loose in legitimate channels of business, helping the merchant,tke banks, the laborer, and in iacteverybody in general and business during that month was good.Fiffcy-eight head of Durocs averaged $66.40 at the recent sale of HarryGoldman & Son, of Indiana. Sixteensows bred to Cherry Kink 2d averaged$120. Tre top price was $300 for thejunior grand champion at IndianaState Fair.Messrs. Layne & Level, of HopkinsTille, Ky., sold twenty-five head of-males on Friday of last week for anaverage of $140 each. They were purchased by an agent of the EnglishCrorernment and will be shipped totkat country for use in the Englisharmy.Clean up your barns and sows andIceep them clean. Cut some windowsia the tieup and let all the sunlight intkat you possibly can. Brush downlha cobwebs and put a coating of-Whitewash all over your cow stable.At the New York Holstein Breed--ers'sale held at Randolph, N. Y., lastmaath, eight-two head of Holsteinsaveraged $195.Twenty-seven large MammothBronze turkeys, raised by Mrs. J. W.Hashes, Shelby County, Ky., that totalled 450 pounds, brought $56.25.Lots more farmers going into thehen. business lately than ever before.Ail right, too, if you do it right. Areyoar hens keeping you or are. you-keeping them?J. M. Cook and Son, sold their farmjsear Charles Station, Shelby County,Ky to J. H. Farmer, of Beattyville,y., at $95 per acre, a total of $10,545.Messenger arriving at London fromthe front saying that tobacco is likeold dust to the s oldier has so touchedthe sympathy of smokers that mail tothe continent is now filled with cigarettes, pipes and plug cut. Societiesare tbrmed for the collection of tobac-c in its various form and boxes forsuch contribution are now prominentoa hotel desk and other places frequented by smokers.'THE QUAKER GIRL."With all the pomp and magnificence j WOrk of a marvelous imagination,-which characterized its run of one en- j Every role has been assumed by atire year at the Park Theatre, New j finished artist. The piece has beenYork, and two years at the Adelphi I staged with the same care and skillTheatre, London, John P. Slocum, of-1 that has always charcterized the UniXers the English musical success, "The versal Eclair productions. (Adv.)Quaker Girl," at the Ben Ali Theatre, !in Lexington, New Year's matinee andmight, January 1 and 2."The Quaker Girl" is the collaborated effort or James Tanner, Adrian.Ross and Percy Greenbank, with music by Lionel Monckton, a quartetteof juifTinrs nnrl fniTuifwori? wlin hovo 1written a large share of recent music- uTw very remarkable contributionsal comedy successes. Two love sto- about the Avar appear in the Januaryjies are involved in the plot, with American Mgaine. One by Rayan American naval attache of the em-1 gtannard Baker, is entitled "The Last"bassy in Paris and the Quaker Girl as . Pase of the Great Wat" It is a ficthe parties of the first part, and wIthK,on ry of the German Invasion ofan exiled Bonapatist princess and a America m 1915-1916 and is a sort ofMag's messenger as the other couple, aginary history of the war sup?Tfae matrimonial and pe-matrimonial I Psed ,to be w"tten e Jmided-obstacles that beset the two couplesprovide a sufficient diversity of actionaad the scenes are an English countryvillage where the couples are firstseen, and then dressmaking establishment in Paris and the J?recatalan thereto which localities the entire company'finds excuse for going The numerous songs and dances that are intro-daced come naturally in continuing thestory and there is no attempt at effectso much in vogue in musical comedy in lthis country.The presenting company is one ofthe largest even seen here, and includes a stunning chorus and balet.Taken as a whole, "The Quaker Girl"promises to be the real musical gemof the season's bookings. Advancesale of seats opens to-morrow morning.(Adv.)MUST PAY FOR PAPERS.Judge George Thomas, of Columbus,Nebraska, recently decided that if aman accepts a paper that is sent himlie must pay for it- The decision wasrendered in the case brought by theColnmbus Telegram against a manfor $2.35. The Telegram had beenent to the man's home and he hadacceped the paper. WUen called upon to pay for it, he refused to andsuit was brought. When JudgeThomas .heard the evidence he instructed the jury to bring in a verxlict for the Telegram. Judge Thomasred that the old common law prin"clfie that what a man received andied he was bound to pay for applied-la this instance.WJ THANK YOU.For your patronage during the yearf 1914, and extend to you our bestwiekaa for the New 'Year, and trusttkat success and prosperity will beyanrs.Sincerely,PAWS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., INC.(tf)THE LUCKY ONES.TIm fit wafM given away by thesBm Cah Store was awardedto IIm C FoMt Thomas aa4 tbVf(MM wmKtm to'tk HttieDr. O. R. Mangum preached ,atthe Deaver school house Sunday afternoon. Rev. A. S. Venable, of Millersburg,preached at Hopewell, Sunday afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock.Christmas services at the Parischurches Sunday were of an unusualinteresting character, and the attendance was very large, despite the coldweather.At the Christian Church the pastor,Rev. W. E. Elis, delivered an, appropriate Christmas sermon, at themorning service. In the evening hissubject was "Last Things."The choir rendered an oppropriatesong service at both meetings.Rev. George H. Harris preached atSt. Peter's Episcopal Church at boththe services.One of the most interesting of theChristmas services was that at thePresbyterian Church at the eveningservice when the chour rendered anespecially selected and beautifullyrendered musical program, under thedirection of Dr. Frank Fithian.At the Baptist Church Dr. O. R.service on "The After Glo," and atthe evening service he took as hissubject, "Simon's Swan Song," Watchnight service will be held at thischurch Thursday night.Rev. J. S. Sims occupied his pulpitat the Methodist Church at the usualhours, morning and evening. TheEpworth League held its regularmeeting at 6:15 p.m.The Sunday School attendance wasa little above the average as isusually the case just before and during Christmas holidays.THEATRICALAt The Columbia To-morrow.At the Columbia Theatre to-morrow,Wednesday, Dec. 30, will be presentedEpisode No. 3 in the stirring andthrilling photo-play, "The Trey OHearts" entitled "The Mystery of theDutch Cheesemaker." In the cast wefind our old friends of the "MillionDoILarf' Mystery," JMajrgu'erita Snow,as "Zudora," James Cruz as "HassamAli," and Harry Benham as "JohnStorm," supported by 1,000 people.In the same building live an oldinventor, who has discovered thesecret of making diamonds, and amaker of Dutch cheese. The cheesemaker is characteristically funny,smiling all the day through, as hiscustomers come in and make theirpurchases. Not so the inventor ofdiamonds. Cooped up in his basement r ooms, this man h as lived hislife almost out, but to him has comethe knowledge of making diamonds,so that their lustre makes pale thestones dug from the earth iself. Theplot develops strength as it progresses, and every scene leads on toanother just as interesting.A two-part (Eclair) picture will al-i so be shown entitled "The Mystery ofj Grayson Hall." In the unravelingI of the web, a story of rare dramaticj power jealousy and a avarice laidbare. The storv. as a whole. i theClay's Sausage.THE JANUARYAMERICANMAGAZINE.eu.is ueuce. xiie uaueu oiuieswins without any fighting at all andthe story of its victory is ingeniousand full of sense, humor and surprise.The other contribution on the war isentitled "Hats Off to France!" Itis by Will Irwin, special correspondent of The American Magazine and itreports the courage and coolness withwhich the French are taking part inthis war. One gains from this articlethe impression that France is determined and sportsmanlike to the lastdegree.In the same issue Ida M. Tarbellcontinues her new series of articlesentitled "The Golden Rule in Business." In. her present article shewrites under the title, "The Gospel ofSafety," and gives a complete accountof the tremendous development of thesafety development in American industries. Cleveland Moffett writesa wonderful account of the new invention by which moving pictures arenow taken under the sea. This in-rention opens the way to the recoveryof hundreds of millions of dollarsworth of lost treasures. Its benefitto oceangraphers and science is ofcourse obvious. Stewart EdwardWhite, writing under the title, "ALion Adventure," gives an acccin ofhis personal experiences with wildanimals in Africa. A hushand, whohas been married twenty-five years,gives a highly entertaining and suggestive account of his experience withthe problems of matrimony.Fiction is contributed by DavidGrayson, author of "Adventures inContentment," in the way of a newnovel entitled "Hempfield," and thereare other stories by John A. Moriso,ilollie Best and Maravene Thompson.James Montgomery Flagg, the wellknown humorist and artist, presents'Tour Easv New Year's Resolutions,"and the "Interesting People" department completes a lively and beautiful issue.Nurtmbtrf Toy Ht4quarter.Nuernberg, th dM commercialcity of Bararia, 1ms t&e note times,tke middls a for its tey It sre-duces the Jarxsst ItvaVer of Germaalead pencils ami is tke greatest, kopmarket- In tke irorHk? ,r'TERRY.James M. Terry died at his homeI near Gynthiana, Friday morning, afteran llness or several weeks from acomplication of diseases. Mr. Terrywas a man of promine)ilce in thecounty and state. He was engaged infarming and was a large stock raisre.He was at one' time president of theStock Breeders' Association and atThe Christmas tree and servicefor the children of St. Peter's Episcopal Sunday school will be- held atthe church this afternoon at threeo'clock.the time of his death was a memberof the State Board of Agriculture andchairman of the Harrison ountyDemocratic Committee. Mr. Terrywas a member of St. Andrews' Xodge,No. 18, F. & A. M., Cynthiana Commandery of Knights Templar andCynthiana Lodge, No. 438, B. P. O. E.He was twie married, his first wife being Miss Lacerty, the sister of JudgeWl T. Lafferty, of Lexington, andhis second wife was Miss Ida Marr,who survives him. The funeral services were held at the residence Tuesday afternoon at 1 o'clock, conductedby Rev. J. D. Armistead, of the Cynthiana Christtian Church. Burial wasin the Battle Grove cemetery, underthe auspices of St. Andrews' Lodge,No. 18, F. & A. M., escorted by theCynthiana Commandery, KnightsTemplar.SANDERS.News of the death of Mrs. MarySanders, wife of Rev. Alex. Sanders,was received wth profound regrethere where the family has many warmfriends, having resided here for anumber of years. Mr. Sanders waspresident of Bourbon ' Collegeand was also director of music at theChristian Church. Mrs. Sanders wasa lovely Christian woman. She diedat her home in Cincinnati, Friday,after a brief illness, having beenstricken suddenly ill Wednesdayevening.Mrs. Sanders was born in Summer Hill, 111., June 8, 1839, and wasmarried to Mr. Sanders, on September 2, 1858. She is survived by herhusband and five children: Mrs. N.H. Harris, of Jackson; Mrs. W. G.Dailey, of Millersburg; and Mrs. C.E. Perrin, of Custer, S. D.; Messrs.Warren Sanders, of Cincinnati, andFrank Sanders, of Alliance, Neb.The body was taken to Millersburg Sunday morning for interrment. The funeral services wereheld at the residence of Dr. W. G.Dailey, in Millersburg, Sundayafternoon at 2 o'clock, conducted byRev. J. T. Sharrard, of this city.The pallbearers was Claude Dailey,Dr. M. H. Dailey ,Dr. W. M. Miller, Dr.C. B. Smith, Thomas McClintock andWilliam Layson.A GOOD WORD FOR THETELEPHONE GIRL.A card written by Col. George Bain,the noted platform lecturer, which wasrecently published in a Lexingtonpaper, is so permeated with commonsense that we republish it in TheNews.There isn't a wage-earner in thecountry today who does more lur thepublic with less returns, an'l oftenmore unmerited and undeserved nbusethan the girls who work ul theswitchboards. The corporation theywork for exact from them at al: limescourtesy and patience toward theirpatrons and the workers who handleth$. cords plugs should geti andhave a reasonable right to expectthe same courtesy. The card follows:"I sat in the central office of a" telephone c oefpany and watched theoperators at their work. Their eyeswere fixed on the board noting thenumbers as the calls camel whiletheir fingers flew in making the connections. "At times one would be behind inkeeping up with the calls, but not asecond was lost in effort to reach thewaiting one."I said to myself: Never more willI get impatient when central does notanswer promptly. She may be racingas fast as her fingers can carry herto my call.""We go to the doctor and wait ourturn, go to theatre window, barbershop or voting booth; but if centraldoes not answer in five seconds wewant to know if she's asleep or reading a book."Let us remember, "there areothers," and wait our turn. Thecontinued beating of bells on the eardrum is hard on the nerves. Be morepatient and pleasant at the 'phone ifyou would be just to the telephonegirl.GEORGE BAIN."CLAY'S SAUSAGE.Insist upon Clay's sausage 15-otWe Tttaiik YoaFor your patronage during the year of 1914,and extend to you ourbest withes fos; the NewYear and trust that Juccess and prosperity willbe yours-V-' C--- -IParis 6a$kctrko.To Our Customers and Friends.KAHARRY SIMONPARIS, KENTUCKYm 99999 i1MMIlilWl UN in Ii iiBS?ff awjsgriir tta-&fevaLbavfa.TO OUR PATRONS AND FRIENDSs.x."-!::iTHE HOUSE OF QUALITY FOR JEWELRY,SHIRE & 'FITHIAN'EAST TENNESSEE PWWr 2We desire to expressour appreciation ofyour patronage and towish you a Happy andProsperousNEWYEARW. v .s. .i.iA Happy- and ProsperousNEW YEAR!. ,J- ' T4 $9t999999999999ailii It "Br 1 1 "iH'ni i in i h-'ir9999999S999943mSisiiHHOME PHONE 131:smitt9m3Si:tMr. atui Mnf. Frd L4mk"-(Incorporated;)iWllMMMIlllilMHiWi&'.-. ,-' VV-' V " 3 ' -r 'IfXv..V" 1 ' ifWJ1--spj,VjV.wl.,lljhX3fI i- -5r Vtv" -ssa-- -- -OfA -4 s&THE BOURBON NEWSPAIS. KENTUClCY,. DECEMBER 2, 1914.v3HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADESOGIALANDPERSONSICOLD WEATHER.Phone your order for BestCoal to Phones 14.tf CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Mrs. J. Walter Payne has r eturned from a visit to friends in Lexington.-viiss jBiiizaDetn rarr lias returnedUp , . iii rnCfaesHite, both deceased, and well-knownresidents of Paris:Miss Jessie Spencer, of Lexington,is a guest -of Mr. and Mrs. -Wm.Ardery.Miss Charlina Ball will entertainat her home to-morow afternoon witha dansant.Mr. Richard Sterling is snendinei - s fS?mo.a yisit t0 Miss Lena Jones in i the holidays with relatives in Huntvv muuesier.Mr. and MrsTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Joe Guinchiglaini, Jr., lives inRichmond, and Harry Giovanalli andMiss Buchiaginani live in Lexingon.We are sure .glad.HAPPY NEW YEAR.Some say it is old-fashionedSending greetings Nw Years' DayBut some of us still cling fondlyTo the good old-fashioned way;Then accept old-fashioned wishesFor the sake of auld lang syneA happy, Happy New YearGood luck to thee and thine.CLAY'S SAUSAGE.Insist upon Clay's sausage 15-5tSALOON ROBBED.Thieves forced the front door ofHarry Saloshin's saloon, on SeventhStreet, Christmas night, and securedfive dojLlars and scleral bottles ofvhiskey. The money drawer contained $5.20. The thieves kindly leftthe twenty cents for a nest egg forthe next day'3 business.WILL LIVE IN PARIS.Mr. Robert Collier, of Mt. Sterling,who is a member of the Bourbon Lumher Company, will with his family, remove to this city about the first ofJanuary .to r eside. Mr. Collier is anexcellent citizen, and the business men !J. Louis Earlywine.of Chicago, are visiting Mr. and Mrs.J. U. Boardman.Miss Marie Talbott has returnedI from a visit to Miss Genevieve Lindsay in Frankfort.Miss Mayme Flanders has returned from a visit to Miss Eva Mason, in Millersburg.Miss Lucille Price has returnedfrom a protracted visit to friends andrelatives in Chicago.Mr. vl. G. Holt, of Hazard, Ky..j spent the Christmas holidays in Parisas the guest of friends.Miss Eleanor Lytle is visitingher aunt, Mrs. Henry Funk, in Cincinnati, during the holidays.Miss Ollie Chambers was a guestof her father, Mr. John B. Chambers,in Nicholasville, Sunday.Miss Sarah Dudley Tracey, ofWinchester, was a guest of friends andrelatives in Paris last week.Mr. Edwin Sweeney, of Chicago,is a guest of his mother, Mrs. AliceSweeney, on Higgins Avenue.Miss Margaret Bailey, of Louisville, will arrive tomorrow to be theguest of Miss Frances Chatnpe.Mr. Ireland Davis attended thedance given at Frankfort, Fridaynight by the Junior Dancing Club.Miss Ethel McPheeters has returned from a visit to her cousin,Miss Louise Daniei, in Lexington,Mrs. C. C. Robbins, of Winchester, jwas a guest the past week of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bramblet.Mr. and Mrs. Edmund Wallace,of Woodford County, were guests lastweek of Mr. and Mrs. Ford Brent.Mrs. Emma Browning spentChristmas holidays with her daughter, Mrs. Harry Kendall, in Frankfort.Miss Margaret Donaldson, of Lex-cf Peris will gladly welcome him.THE NEW CASH SHOE STORE.Jiicsf rprrivAri n tipw linp nf TMoHIpton shoes in all leathers, tan, vici and J -l-idays.chrome calf. Newest in English lastsnew shoes, new styles.(tf) GEO. McWILLIAMS.ington, was a guest of her sister, MissGrace Donaldson, Sunday and Monday.I .ir. irvin uiison 01 jjexiugiuu,formerly of Paris, was a guest otfriends in Pasis during the ChristmasFOUND DEAD.A colored laborer named NelsonPickens was found dead in his bed inthe negro subu.'b of Claysville, Fridaynight. He has been ill for severaldays. Coroner Rudolph Davis investiMr. and Mrs. W. T. Brooks hadas guests last week Miss Ella Joplinand Mr. Chas. Spillman, of Harrodsburg. Mr. and Mrs. Jas. G. Metcalfe arevisiting Mrs. Metcalfe's parents, Mr.and Mrs Edward T. Sanford, in Knoxville, Tenn.Miss Rannie Burroughs has returned to her home in Mt. Sterrling,after a visit to relatives in this citygated the case and found that death j M!ssMa ttie Lilleato n. of Hawkinswsa uue to a cerebral hemorrhage. vile M ; is ipending Uie holiday;with her mother, Mrs. S. LUleston,on Higgins Avenue.Mrs. Victor WJiitridge, of Baltimore. Md., is visiting her daughter,Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton, and other relTHANKS.I desire to most heartilyeach and evey person whoa nickel w ith me d uring 1914.solicit their tratle during I9ib ana ir. and Mrs. J. T. McGrath, ofhope that they may an oe prosperous Harrodsburg, were guests during thethankspentI also t atives in this city and county.durin(It)the new year,J. ELVOVE.TEACHERS ON VACATION.holidays of their daughter, Mrs. LouisLilleston, on Mt. Airy Avenue.-Misses Marie Young and Carolyn JElkin, who were guests of friends inholidays, have re-this city during theA well earned vacation is being en- j turned to their homes in Lexington,joved by the teachers of the North j Messrs. James Dyer and HinesMiddletown Classical and Business t Starks, of Danville, attended theCollege during the Christmas holidays, j dance given at the Masonic TempleProf, and Mrs. L. C. Adnerson are Thursday night by the Bourbon Dane- j tess to a large gathering.ington, W. Va.Dr. Avona Kiser is at iiome forthe Christmas holidays from medicalcollege, at Louisville.Miss Elizabeth Crutcher is aguest of friends in Lancaster for theremainder of the holidays.Mr. Harry Horton was a guestseveral days last week of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Horton.Mrs. Mamie Ditchen, of Cincinnati, is a guest of her mother, Mrs. S.M. Wilmoth, and family, on HoustonAvenue.Miss Jennie Howard spent theChristmas holidays in Richmond asthe ,guest of Mr. and Mrs. WilliamHoward.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Farmer, ofHarriman, Tenn., are spending theholidays with friends and relativesin this city and county.Miss Martha Ferguson was a guestof Miss Anna Clay McDowell for thedance given in Lexington last nightby the Girls' German Club.Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Strong, ofErion, Tenn., are guests of Mrs.Strong's sister, Mrs. Frank Kiser, forthe holidays. Mrs. Strong was formerly Miss Mary NAshbrook.Mrs. Wm. Dodtf, who has beenseriously ill for several months at thehome of her sisters, the Misses Lenihan, on Seventh Street, is convalesing nicely and will be able to return ,to her home in Lexington this week.The glad Christmas time is generally signalized by the holding offamily re-unions, where close relativesare brought together fo- the firsttime perhaps in months. Theseevents are , always of an interestingcharacter.Dr. John Adair has returned tohis home in Texas, after a pleasantvisit to friends and relatives in thiscity and county. Dr. Adair is practicing dentistry, and says his town isone of the livest burgs in the wholeState of Texas, where prosperous townsare as thick as dead leaves on theground.Prof. C. Muller, who conducted adancing school in the old Odd FellowsHall several years ago, was in Parisyesterday looking up prospects for organizing a dancing class and incidentally renewing acquaintance with manyformer pupils. Prof. Muller is nowa resident of Lexington.One of the c heeriest of the Christmas entertain ings was that given byDr. William Kenney on Christmasnight at his apartments in the Doylebuilding. Christmas decorations ofholly and poinsettas were artisticallydistributed through, the rooms andChristmas cheer of a substantial sortwas in evidence. The guests wereseveral with frappe, eggnog and cakesThe old Kiser home place at Kiserwas the scene of one of these delightful re-unions Friday, when Mr. andMrs. Walker Kiser were host and hos-It hasNEWS OF SECRET ORDERS.iiGrand 'Chancellor Arn, of Maysville,Grand Vice Chancellor Young, of Winchester, and Grand Keeper of Recordsand Seal J. W. Carter, of Lexington,will attend the meeting of RathboneLodge, K. of P. Thursday night, andwill take part in conferring the PageRank on several candidates. All membeifs, especially the 'Pythian, HomeClass of Squires, are requested to bepresent to meet th Grand Lodgeofficers. The Knight Rank will beconferred, on Thursday night, Jan. 10.At the Odd Fellows Widows andOrphans' Home, in Lexington, a delightful Christmas entertainment wasgiven Thursday afternon. Songs,recitations and plays comprised theprogram, after which Old Santa Clausdistributed a nice present to each ofthe 159- children. The Christmas treeand its decorations were beautifullyand artistically arranged. Judge E. B.January, of Bourbon Lodge, attendedthe exercises, and turned over to theHome nearly fifty dollars, which wascontributed by members of BourbonLodge.CHANGE OF TIME.Effective Monday, January 4, trainNo. 3.8 for Cincinnati, due to leaveParis at 3:35 p. m., will leave Parisat 3:20 p. m., arriving Cincinnati at6:00 oclock p. m.Train No. 13, due to 1 eave. Paris forLexington at 3:30 p. m. ,will leaveParis at 3:17 p. m.W. H. HARRIS,Agent.THE BEST THING YET.During the past few months the attention of the News has been repeatedly called to the many freak growthsin the vegetable kingdom on exhibition in various store windows inParis freak tomatoes, kershaws,pumpkins, cucumbers, sweet potatoes,etc, and we have been requested bythe owners thereof to be sure andmake mention of them, so that thepeople could sjee them. Some ofthese have even asked us to takesome of these freaks in exchange fora year's subscription to the News.But the only acceptable thing in thefreak line for which we are willingto exchange our signature is a wellworn two-dollar bill that has beenin circulation long enough for thepeople to get acquainted with its general appearance. Now is the. time forthe good people to subscribe for 1915.Suggestions for HolidaysThis season's holiday line is the most complete andf.varied we've ever displayed. Here you'll be sure to findsomething for every one on your Ohristmas list. A fewsuggestions are given to aid you in your Christmas shopping: Perfumes, Mirrors, Stationery, Fountain Pen,Collar Bags, Toilet Sets, Jewel fitxes,. Toilet Sets, Auto Stationery, Safety lazors, ';'Manicure Sets, Post Cards, Toilet Waters, - ',Parisian Ivory Goods, Leather Card CasesPipes, Shaving Sets, CigarsRaphael Tuck & Sons' and Dennison's Christmas Seals,Cards, Tags, Etc.Come in with your friends you'll enjoy your visit:The more choice gifts are selling fast make your seletions to-day reserve them until Christmas week.The Ardery Drug Co.Clarke's Old Stand.Me 'Clay's Sausage.in Richmond, Ind., Miss Ruby Redwiz j ing Club.went to her old home in Harrodsburg, j Mrs. Julian Frank will entertainMiss Lillian Mason was the guest of with a party this afternoon from 2 toher parents, Mr. and Mrs. NelsonMason, in the county; Miss Lena Talbott is with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Lanceford Talbott, near North Middletown; Elder and Mrs. Christopherson decided to spend the holidaysquietly at home.0, in nonor OI lier urotutjr, an: iNtswton Taylor, Jr., who is spending theholidays with her.Pianos For Sale.We have in Paris and vicinitytwo beautiful late improved pianos, andone Celebrated Player Piano. Must besold at once; price no object; arefully guaranteed . For further information writeCABLE PIANO CO.(Dec. 29-2t)) Cincinnati, O.A Happy New Year1915: We wish to thank the pub-lie for the largest businessI during the past year ever en-joyed by us.We also extend our besti wishes to every citizen of Parisand Bourbon Countyi A Happy New YearI DAUGHERTY BROS.tOMMMIMIttttltWbeen the custom of the Kiser familyto have their annual re-union at theold place, and the one held thisvear was fully equal to those of former years. There was an abundanceof the good things of life on the bigA HAPPY NEW YEAR.We desire to express our thanksto the public for a most liberal patronage during the past year, especial- (lg. James and Anne Molloy, of Lexlv cinro wa Iiivva hpp.n in our np.w I 1 aj.jj .-. jRev. Dr. B. M. Slnve is suffering ; aining table, around which about fortyfrom the effects of a fall sustained j gathered Tor the annual feast. It wason the icy pavement at his home. His a day 0f enjoyment and pleasure.wrjsu wub suituucu anu nc icnsu .several severe bruises and a general VVHY SUFFER WITHj shaking-up.!Messjrs. Ireland Davis, DouglasClay and Edward Fithian and MissesLouise Steele, Frances Champe, Matil-An Appeal To YourBOOKjsxamRHEUMATISMlv since we have been in our new-store room. We have endeavored togive full measure and weights of thebest that the market offords to oprpatrons. We wish everyone a happyand prosperous New" Year. We solicitand invite new customers to our newinitrton. attended a danceCyntliiana last night.given inMr. Thompson Sparks, son of Mr.and Mrs. E. D. Sparks, of Paris, whohas been in the U. S. Marine service,is here on a thirty-days furlouerh. andstore and guarantee courteous and fair ; has been visiting relatives in Carlisletreatment.( it) N. A. MOORE & CO. I Harry Stivers, f ormerlv of Paris,' and now employed as civil engineerTO KEEP OPEN HOUSE.Good cheer and 1915 hospitalitywill be dispensed by Bourbon AerieNo.-1781, at their club rooms on nextFriday, January 1. The Eagles arenot niggardly when it comes to playing the host,' and their "Open House"on New Year's Day will be markedby genuine good fellowship, and anabundance of the good things ot meon the Atlantic Coast Railroad at Jack-jnnville. Florida; who has been visitinghis parents, Mr. and Mrs. " ShermanStivers, in Lexington, returned toJacksonville, Sunday night.Why suffer another minute? Vanishing Rheumatic Powder will cureyou. If your druggist will not supply you, send us $1.00for a full sizebottle.BAYLESS REMEDY COMPANY,(4-8t) Lexington, Ky.WHY THE BLUES?Our Clearance Sale Begins TodayEvery one loves the sky, with itsbrightness, warmth and softness.Hundieds have written of it in glowing terms of praise, while the inarticulate millions have felt what theyexpressed. Who does not love a pairof blue eyes? Laughing blue eyes,true blue eyes, tender blue eyes, Irishblue eyes. The men who follow thesea .love her every mood and hue,and yet 'its her sparkling sapphirecloak they would have her don on thehappiest occasions- It is impossiblein our condition of society, not to besometimes a snob," wrote Thackerynot to have a heart that would relishpumping a little blue blood along withthe red. But when our thoughts areI dull, depressed and drear like an unkind wintry gray sky, we are m theMiss Helen Hutchcraft, of Paris,attended the luncheon given in thenrivate dinning room of-the PhoenixHotel, in Lexington, Saturday, by theAlumnae of the Chi Oniega fraternity.Jf?JJJ1JZJekuifmt of the fraternity, was theand the g omg good. j aTVlP rPCdntinn reUHmittee Will be Afr. anrl IVIVa Tlmmae TTrtlm Ploir, ia. fniirvivinp- mpmbprs: 1 t -u ' n ,- " blues. Why this paradoxical defamJudge C. A. McMillan, C. K. Thomas, Unner, Christmas Dav: Mr. and Mrs.atl0n ot the color which is associatedGeorge Doyle, A. S. Thompson, Geo.NR. M Hopkins and little son, R. M. wi.tn so an? of the fair and PleasingMcWilliams, J. O. Marshall, J. S. Wig-1 Hopkins. Jr., of Covington; Mr. and I tlunfs life? If we must vilifygins, M. A. Cahal, O. H. Peddlcord, Mrs Talbott ciav. of Lexington: air. a color, there are yellow canaries andWil Shire, P. Nippert, Jr., R. T. Spen-! d Mrs JohnT Collins and children, Jaundice there are red, devils andnor- Rnward B. Carr. A. H. Morehead. , ATicCiOC: -wnrtruii wrip nnrt ttmmn.i danger. Why the blues.'I Louise Collins and Mr. William Col-1jlins, of North Middletown; Mr. andI Mrs. Frank Collins and children,1 'Miocoe Amanda' Olav l!,lnrona fMnVlr.M.v m 1 ilLIHIf1 tDAIUWV fUAUits ri-MrvpiiPiuiClay's SausageSHOWER"UO A UTDVrnn " Mnrir Ali-o rVOUne ttrtH Tfthn T Prtl.for hospital. !-"" .i:rrlins, of Bourbon.The Cynthiana Log Cabin says:"Mr. and Mrs. Charles Reickel happilycelebrated ' the sixtieth anniversaryof their wedding on last Saturday, Dec.19th. The celebratibn was " in thenature of a family re-union and theirchildren were all present to enjoy thepletrraiit family dinner on that day.? nUkaniae nf ... a. .r J nfpreserves, ana m iact uei--' i i nope present were -jox. ami Airs,the kind that usually grace the-pantry Reickel. Mrs Carrie Rieckel Evans.desiring to help tnih yr. and Mrs. Sam Hedges, Mr. andHOfW WE GET THE NEWS.iiAre you one ot the many to be benefitted by this sale? We do not have sales aftta, furn wiieii we uu nave mem mey are oona nae, ana you are sure to una nig Bargains, nattsome of the offerings below. These are only a few of the big values we are offering.If We Advertise It, We Do ItWe ask your attention for the following quotations:The ladies of the Massie MemorialHospital Board are planning a "pantryshower" for the benefit of the Hospitallo be held on Friday and Saturday,January 1 and 2. They are requesting the co-operation of the goodcitizens of Paris and Bourbon County,and ask for contributions oi jemes,shelvesworthyAllcauseDay before yesterday a perfectlynice Paris lady called us up and in aI. m 1 J? u 1. ......j tearrui voice reprovea us ior nut uieiu-tioning in The News the tact tnat shehad a friend visiting her last week. Wetold her that she had not let us knowanything about it and that therefore,we did not know she had a: visitor,Then she said, "Well you should haveknown. I thought you were runninga newspaper." Wouldn't samek people think that an editor, ought to bea cross between Argus and Anna EvaFay. They seem to think that ourfive senses are augmented by a sixthniay send whatever Trs Qwen Felix, of Cincinnati, Mrs. that lets us know all that happens,they desire to contribute to the gro-' George Foster, and Mrs. John L. Rob-ceries of Logan Howaxa, iviu i mson. Airs. itiecKei was iomeny missConnell, or N. A. Moore & Co.'s, if , Mary Hite and married Mr. Rieckel atthey do not send them direct to the i Paris, Ky., on Dec. 19. 1854. ThevHospital. This will be the first time j came to Cynthiana in 1857, since whichUn the history of the rity, "probably, j tme they Trare resided here and havewhen such an appeal has been made, j won for themselves a high rplace inand they feel that the response will 1 m1Pj oqteem"of the people of this comho immPdijLtP. and generous. " They f munity.wish to state in aivace that every j Mr? Rieckl was a sister of -the lateeven it we see, near, ieei, iase orsmell it not. Dear lady, editors., areonly human or at least, almost humanCIf you have a friend visiting you,if you are going away, or have returned from a visit out of town, ifJohnnie falls and breaks his arm, ifyour husband chops his, toe instead ofa slick -of wood, if anything happensi. . i I .t J - " . T.n-.nTtnar maites you grau, or uiia,KPjvThe J, T. HintonrontrihutS 'Tell irf about it. X . , " V '" '- "L " ' -"l"'annrec'ateT ' K V JMtti-Hit. ow Wdia In 'PWn- Tkat'f the way toVget it in 'the Bonr-g, iV..-:'.: A J l..apprecate J aana of "WnO, HiUfJand, Johw. bou Newi.f ' j. ',lljlif MMI lllllll III MMIIMI "'Now Was? Oak Pedestals $ 1.65 $ 2.503 Im. Mahogany Pedestals 1.65 2.501 Art Reed Chair-Uphol-stered in Tapestry. . .10.85 15.001 Art Reed Chair Upholstered in Tapestry 8.75 12.501 Oak Piano Sench 4.95 7.001 Sewing Basket-Reed 4.35 5.751 Im. Mahogany Rocker InBlack" Leather.. 11.75 15.001 Early English Bench InSpanish Leather 16.75 22.501 Nest of 3 Solid MahoganyTea Tables 11.90 16.001 Drop Top Solid MahoganyTea Table 11.90 16.001 Work Taols Desk-GoldenOak . 3.85 .8.001 Work Table Desk-lm. Mahogany 3.85 8.001 Work Stand in FumedOak 4.00 6.001 Im. Mahogany RomanChair 16.75 22.501 Mahogany Shaving Stand 8.00 15.001 Early English WritingDesk 6.85 9.751 Early English WritingDesk 5.90 7.501 Mahogany Finish Desk.. 5.35 7.50Now Was2 Golden Oak Leather SeatDining Chair 1.85 3.001 Mahogany Oak LeatherSeat Dining .Chair 2.50 5.001 Mahogany Dresser . .38.75 W-.001 Mahogany Dresser 25.00 40.001 Tuna Mahogany WashStand 6.85 13.501 Three piece MahoganyParlor Suite 35.00 57.501 Solid Mahogany Settee InSilk Plush 22.00-35.001 Gold Chair 12.50 24.001 Early English Three PieceParlor Suite inLeaher. 35.00 55.001 Mahogany China Closet. .49.50 75.001 Mahogany Buffet-MatchesAbove 42.75 '67.501 Mahogany China Closet. 20.85 28.001 Mahogany Buffet toMatch 35.00 55.0a1 Mahogany Tabe toMatch 29.75 45.00,1 Golden Oak KitchenCabinet 14.75 21.001 Golden Oak KithenCabinet 15.90 22.501 Velour Couch 11.00 11001 White Wood Bed 5.00 15.0ft'Remember we have a store full of barsraiand they are for CASH.like the jHmVCMcDougall Kitchen Cabinets are the Best--1,.m:.'.cm Aw -SS "i:a,.. Na?11 -"r"i- -.J"5C6 -S' '! t3-ir cTHE BOURBON NEWS, PA R IS ; K Y T1914.tGREETINGS-rCOW. BURKE,President.H. S. CAYWOOD, JNO. T.3COLLINS,Vice-President. Manager.vLtLIkk'i'!'i,(r.'fi i& )'s, , fI TobaccoNEXT S-A.31.EV,Second househandled the pastLoWcsttucky.sellingWe solicit your patronage and guarantee courteoustreatment and prompt service.NOTICE.Dr. W. C. Wilkerson, formerly ofXittle Rock, has opened an office inHfce "Deposit and Peoples Bank Buiid"iac on Main Street, for the practicesf ids profession.Dr. Wilkerson has been a practicingjikysician in Bourbon county for the-past twenty-eight years.W. C. WILKERSqN,Hone Phone, 369; Cumb.' Phone, 741.Idec-tf ) Pari3 K?'FOR SALEHandsome Antique, Solid MahogaMy Wardrobe, claw feet. Photo ofMMie will be furnished on application.THE BOURBON NEWS,if) Paris, Ky.I ATTENTIONDo You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit Jewelllas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.-IELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101f-iWHYtake chances withyour fowls?Bourbon Poultry Cureis absolute and Quick death tothe cerxns oC roup, colds andother infectious diseases. Afew drcps In the drinking waterkflls the. disease germs and prevents sickness. One 50c bottlemakes 12 gallons of medicine.At drucrtets, or by maM, postpaid. Valuable poultry bookttfree.SOCSHOK fcEKBY CO.. Lcxmm Ej.SP1G R&GILCISV -J , 5The BourbonWarehouse CoParis, Ky.ANNOUNCE THEIRFORTO-DAYDecemberin Kentuckyseason.fees of any houseWinter TouristRatesRound trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily from Oct. 1st, 1914, toApril 30, 1915, to all principal touristpoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico,Texas and Havana, Cuba, with, finalreturn limit May 31, 1915, with verylibeval stop-over privileges. Also lowround-trip Home-Seekers tickets topointg in Alabama, Florida, Louisianaand Mississippi, on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month, with finalreturn limit vfteen days from date ofsale. For further information, call onor address,J. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.PARIS 1NTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.LVe. Court House.Lve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a mS.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m6.40 p m7:10 a m7.45 a m8.15 a m8.45 a m9.15 a m9.45 a m10.15 a m10.45 a m11.15 a m111.45 a m12:05 p m12.45 p m1.15 p m1.45 p m2.15 p m2.45 p m3.15 p m ,3.45 p m4.15 p m5.15 p m5.40 p m6.05 p m6.30 p mCity Limits Only.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor ParisLearve Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m- 4:30 p m5:15 p m6:5 p mi 6:51 p m'8:15 p m6.yu a m7:20 a m8:0t a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p xu2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:09 p m6:04 p m7:20 p m9:i p m11:00 p mDaily except Sunday!10:05 pmi29in amount of businessin Central Kcn-HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure.F. J. CHENEY & CO ..Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 yc-ir -. andbelieve him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and fiiitinjiallyable to carry out any obligations madeby his firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75 centsper bottle. Sold by all Druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for consti-If there is an extra room in thehouse that she doesn't want to usefor anything a woman will put a rugand a chair and a table in the roomand throw three magazines on thetable and call the place the Library.Men are divided into three classes:Hammers, Anvils and Bellows. 'Headacheis one of the common symptoms of womanly trouble, andthe cause has to be removedbefore you can rid yourself of itentirely. A medicine that merely kills pain, does not go to theseat of the trouble, and kill thecause. What you need is awoman's medicine one whichacts directly, yet gently, on thewomanly organs.TAKECarduiThe Woman's TonicAfter having used C a r d u i,Miss Lillie Gibson, of Chriseman, Texas, writes: "Aboutthree years ago, I was justentering womanhood, and wassick in bed for nearly ninemonths. Sometimes I wouldhave such headaches, and other aches, I could hardly standit. 1 tried Cardui, and now Iam cured of all my troubles. 1shall praise Cardui as long as Ilive." Cardui is the medicineyou need. Try it E-60LESS HOSTILE TO FOREIGNERSLives of European Explorers in TibetComparatively Safe Work itGoing On.Tibet continues to hold ita specialfascination for explorers, and it !therefore interesting to learn fromthe experiences of Captains Baileyand Moreshead, who recently clearedup the long-standing mystery concerning the connection between the Tsangpo and Brahmaputra rivers, that anoticeable change has come about inthe attitude of the Tibetans towardforeigners. These explorers encountered no signs of hostility or distrust,except when they were mistaken forChinese, who appear to be held ingreat dread. No objections were madeto the surveying operations, and Capt.Morshead asserts that "it is now possible to traverse the country from endto end, openly, with plane-table andtheodolite, and without even the formality of a pass from Lhasa." Apparently the Tibetans have learnedthat the British are their best protectors from Chinese aggresion. Apropos of the Tsangpo-Brahmaputra, thecurrent number of Petermann's Mitteilungen announces that the Austrianexplorer, A. K. Gebauer, who is nowtraveling north from Burma along theChinese-Tibetan border, intends ultimately to strike west to the Tsangpoand follow this river through thepasses of the Himalaya. ScientificAmerican.MUCH LIKE THE PRESENT DAYWalpole Complained Many Years AgoThat Rulers Abrogated Lawof Nations.In a letter to Hon. Henry SeymourConway, from Strawberry .Hill, ofJuly 8, 1788, Horace Walpole made anumber of observations in regard tothe European situation of that daywhich are amazingly, curiously appo-Jsite to the existing situation."The invasion of Portugal by Spainin the last war, and the partition ofPoland, have abrogated the law ofnations," writes Walpole. "Kings haveleft no ties between one another.. . . He is a good king that preserves his people; and if temporizinganswers that end, is it not justifiable?"Dr. Joseph (the emperor of Austria) and Dr. Frederick (Frederickthe Great of Prussia) with 400,000commentators are reading new lectures and I should say, thank God,to one another, if the 400,000 commentators were not in worse dangerthan they. Louis XIV is grown acasuist compared with those partitloners. "Well, let us simple individuals keepour honesty, and bless our stars thatwe have not armies, at our command,lest we should divide kingdoms thatare at our bienseance! What a dreadful thing it is for such a wicked little imp as a man to have absolutepower!"Justice Stephen Johnson Field.Stephen Johnson Field, of the familywhich has figured so prominently inAmerican history, was born in Haddam, Conn., November 4, 1816. He wasgradusHed in 1837 from Williams college and then spent several years inAthens and the Grecian islands. Heread law with his brother, David Dudley Field, and with John Van Buren.He removed to California in 1849 andwas a member of the first legislatureof that state after its admission to theUnion. He was for years a justice ofthe supreme court of his state until hisappointment as an associate justice ofthe Supreme court of the United Statesby President Lincoln in 1SG3, and formany years was the senior associate.His decisions affecting individuals andaffairs in his state incensed many persons and two attempts were made totake his life, one by an infernal machine sent through the mails and againby ex-Judge Terry, who attempted amurderous assault, but was shot andkilled by a deputy marshal detailed toprotect Justice Field.War Wounds.Doctor Osier, the enemy of old men.as lie was once classified, says thatthe carnage from the present war isnot so great as it seems. With 800wounded men in the hospital at Oxford, only one death occurred, and that !from lockjaw. The doctor thinks thatthis war will establish a new recordfor low rate of mortality from w ounds. iHe attributes this to the antiseptic ieffects of high-speed bullets and to theefficiency of the field hospitals. Hesays also that he has seen no woundscaused by dumdum bullets. FieW surgeons have said the same thing.Blasting With Oxygen.A practical ay of using liquid oxygen for blasting has at last been found.Bags filled with a special form of lampblack are soaked in liquid oxygen fora few minutes. When detonated theyexplode with the force of dynamite,but when lighted with a match theyburn quietly and slowly. The cost ismuch less than that of dynamite;much less carbon dioxide is given offand there is no danger from a misfire, tas the oxygen will evaporate quicklyif not exploded at once.Swiss Want New National Hymn.Switzerland is seeking a new national hymn in place of "Rufst rfti,Meln Vaterland," which is sung tothe tune 6t "My Country 'Tia ofThee," and "God Save the King." Itis said that there is some intentionof adopting a patriotic song, beginning"Heil dir, Mein Schweizerland," butwhether this is to Ire sung to the sametune or a new one,is to be evolved forIt" is not yet known. ' ' - -We Extend to All Our Friends and Subscriber Otrftearty greetings and best wishes for aMerry Christmasand a Happy and ProsperousNew YearWe appreciate your very liberal patronage during the yearnow drawing to a close, and will endeavor to merit your continuedand increased use pf the HOME TELEPHONE lines' during thecoming year by furnishing the best UP-TO-DATE telephone service. Cbe Paris Rome telephone and CcUg Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. CHAS. O. H , Cashier.Stock Reducing Sale!The unseasonable weather has placed us in aposition where we must sacrifice goods REGARDLESS OF COST A few of the many bargains instore for you:$2,000 Suits and Overcoats $ 1 3.s1 9.00 Suits and Overcoats 1 1 .9S1 5.00 Suits and Overcoats Q.98-1 0 and $ 1 2.50 Suits and Overcoats $8.9SEvery garment in the house reduced at suchlow prices you cannot help buying.SALE IS NOW ON!T-vsr-in.Clothing and Shoe Department.L. WOLLSTEIIN, Prop.&SEfJfVKHlMMUK5Tai5rcaa! PUW3USK9SMttt3NrAfThree Through Trains Dailyoffering unsurpassed facilitiesfor Florida travel betweenLexington and Jacksonville"ROYAL PALM"Leave Lexington (Queen &. Crescent Route) 1 0.20 a m (Daily)Arrive Chattanooga (Queen & Crescent K Dute) 5.45 p m (SnmeDay)Arrive Jacksonville (Southern Railway) 8.40 a m (Next Daj)5' zL-ave fngton (QueenArrtvo Chattanooga (QueenArrive JacksonvilleLeave LexingtonArrive ChattanoogaArrive Jacksonville(QueenlUueenSOUTHERN RAILWAYt Paris Odd less(JlaHRmffESlillly"WBal'aWB-Llo. n. o. & t. p. ry.) -lBaiS5Tvc?iiaeaS-AND "-fcSfefci. rmLet us Make that Last Winter's" Suit or OvercoatLook Like New. 'Youiwill be surprised when we send your' clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before. SAll Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned and- - Reblockedjto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. PJione 40.;Pari Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.tWhite Xid Gloves Cleaned, short; 10c; long 25c.UK-iitai,,,,,;, .WrsBrosOn your trip to Florida this season, why not stop at Chattanoogaand visit the historic battlefields ?"OHIO SPECIAL"& Crescent Route) 1 0.50a m (Daily)& Crescent Route) 6.15 p m(. Same Day)Ibouthern Railway) S.20 a m (Next Day)"FLORIDA SPECIALss& Crescent Route) 1 0.45 p m tDailyp'& Crescent Route)6.40 a m (Next Day)9.10pm (bameDay)(bouthern Railway)For Fares. Florida Booklet arc s'eeping car reservations, call on or address : IPvH. C. KING, Passenger nni' Ticket Agent "101 E. Main Street, Pliona 49Lexington, Ky.W. A. HECKLER, General Passenger AgentCincinnati, OhioCleaving Co. tBaBaVBavczBaVBaaaaaaaaaaaaBBaHBaaBaaaaBaaaf'1tTS2IJMealMMHaa:iniia.4 . A "- - ' - v.v4?Wi3-ar:iijx- 3r -&,t. -Bgy-.var."--' 'AV 4L S ltVt,(wIt1s:5iii unmm"""Our SeaiiCLEARANCESALE OFWomen's ApparelBegan Monday4 MorningThe season's greatest bargain event, for which Lexington women wait. Stoeks are big; prices are phenomallylow. TJ I j.is a merchandise disposal that will, we believe,cast iv -v 'ladow all previous sales held in this town. Mindyou, tt iter season is really just beginning. We seldomhave muC Severe weather before Christmas, but after itcome, three months of actual winter-time. Any apparelyou buy now may be worn steadily for the next threemonths, ancfwill probably be in good condition to wearagain next season. Some stores wait to cut prices untilthere is no demand for their goods. We do not. It is ourbelief that the best time to effect a clearance of stocks iswhen the goo 's themselves are in the height of demand.Our January Saleis in accord with this belief, offering as it does, fine, seasonable apparel at extremely low prices. In our determination to effect a clearance of stocks we have not hesitatedto reduce prices. The bargains that this sale offers are themost remar1 ble we have ever given you.WOLF, WILE & CO.FormerlyKaufmanStraus & Co.Lexington, KentuckyNOWIS THE TIMETo Buy Your. Fallh , J7Feld's Shoe Store,On Main StreetBetween Sixth and Seventh.8When SantaEverything must be spic and span and withal cheerful and glowing with Yuletide warmth.As a Hrst aid to clean flues and circulatingheat units allow us to recommend a way and meansFox Ridge CoalBy virtue of its purity performs just such offices inthe home of many and many a fellow townsmanwho is to be a holiday host.For that Xmassy exuberance Fox I Ridge Coalsure noes wonders:Dodson DentonParis,Yards, South Main St.(0Qfe3JE3PNiiuiiii im- kiialJt5jMjpPjtJpjjJyt2M HMMMMNHwand Winter Shoes.The only thing youwant to know is the shoestore that sells the moststylish and most reliableshoes shoes that lookgood and are good andgive you satisfaction inevery respect. This shoestore isHansKy.Both Phones 1404aiii ir i &$Comes ISEES TITANICSTRUGGLE FORPOLISH CAPITALNewspaper CorrespondentThick of Great Battle inthe East.inHAD CITY IN THEIR GRASPGerman Had Only to Walk In andTake It, But Overnight Delay CostThem Victory VWid Pictureof Bloody Conflict.By FRANCIS M'CULLAGH.Correspondent Chicago Daily News.Petrograd, Russia. The German advance on Warsaw was achieved as aresult of that most difficult operationknown as a change of front, performedwith marvelous speed and efficiency.The transfer of one-fourth of the German army from Belgium to Polandwas the least of the difficulties thatwere overcome. Far greater was theestablishment of etrapes (shelters)and lines of communication in hostileterritory. The Germans not only overcame these difficulties, but conceiyeda masterly plan of attacking Warsaw and very nearly carried it to success. Grand Duke Nicholas expected aGerman advance from East Prussiaeastward on Grodno or southward onWarsaw and had prepared for thesemovements with General Rennenkampff's army west of Grodno and another army at Kevno. Warsaw wasdefended on the north by the fortress of Novogeorgoievsk and a powerful army.Attack Comes Through Swamps.The grand duke did not expect anattack from the south, where thereare swamps, the worst wagon roadsin Europe and few railways. But itwas from the south that General vonMorgen came.In all there were four Germangroups, une, trom morn, DomDaraed Plotsk, but retreated, this beingonly a demonstration. Two groups advanced from Kalisz and Chenstokhovand, 'uniting at Skiernevitzy, movedon Warsaw with blinding rapidity. Thefourth group, from Cracow, attackedRadom and then Ivangorod, where theobject was to cross the Vistula, thusoutflanking the Russian army at Warsaw and compelling its retreat.The whole Austro-German battlefront was 462 miles in length, extending from the Baltic to the Carpathians and therefore the battle, of thoVistula in the middle of October wasin some respects the greatest everfought. I confine myself to a description of what I saw with my own eyes.Had Only to Walk In.Warsaw was absolutely lost on theevening of October 11. The Germanshad only to walk in and take it. Butthey delayed, probably waiting forthe fourth German force to cross atIvangorod.Next day the Russians had moretroops, and within a week they hadten corps, or 400,000 men, south ofWarsaw, and as General von Morgen's force was threatened from bothflanks, he fell back October 20, withamazing skill and rapidity.I was able to see all the fighting onthe extreme front because of myfriendship with Russian officers formedduring the Manchurian war. Prom thestation of Prushkov, six miles southof Warsaw, I traveled the whole Russian line. The Germans were drivenfrom Prushkov a few hours before myvisit, but fighting continued on theoutskirts.Great Trees Hurled Aloft.I crossed the fields to Sokoloff amida frightful bombardment. I saw onebig German shell align nder thegnarled roots of an r us tree.When the smoke cler ay thistree was lodged in the ranches ofsome other trees cl by. It hadbeen torn up by th jots and shotupward hundreds of feet with terrifiovelocity.The curious effect of these monstrous shells passing close to one'shead is that they produce nervous collapse, deafness, numbness and frequent insanity. I personally helped tothe rear a dozen soldiers thus afflicted. More dreadful sights 1 neversaw. Now there are two hospitals inPetrograd and Moscow for such soldiers with more than one thousand patients in each.This frightful bombardment droveme into the cellar of a factory, whereI found two men and several worn-,en and children, who had been therethree days, not daring to emerge evento get a drink of water from thepump only a few yards from the opening of the cellar. They told me thatthe bombardment had continued dayand night, and in proof of their wisdom in not venturing out they pointedto the bodies of three men and a childiying in the factory yard.Germans in SoHd Mass.When darkness fell I bolted out4ain and soon took refuge again inthe house of a Polish gentleman, whoInvited me to sleep in his house forthe night. I slept on a sofa, but inthe small hours of the morning I wasawakened by a shell which shookevery window frame in the house. Myhost and his family soon appeared saying that the servants had all fled. Idecided to depart also, but was prevented by the sounds "of .firing andshelling iri'the adjacent village, andsQs1 remained all day in the house.- Thenext day the. German troops rusbadpast the house, a solid wall of menso close together that they obliterated the flower garden and the adjoining young shrubbery as completely asif a steam roller had passed overboth.I cast a hasty glance in the oppositedirection, speculating if even yet Icould escape that way but at a crossroads near the house I saw four Hungarian hussars who sat motionless intheir saddles. They formed a square,each man looking down a road, witha rifle unslung, the butt resting loosely against his bright red ridingbreeches, and with finger on trigger.I realized that it would be a madrace down any of these roads and thata wild scamper through the adjacentfields would be bad for my health.Finds Himself at the Front.Turning again to look at the Germans, I reflected with secret exultation that my most sanguine hopes asa war correspondent had been realized. For a long time the wisestheads in the Russian foreign and waroffices prevented me from getting tothe front. Now with a rush, like aNiagara, the front had come to me.The Germans were no beauties asthey advanced in their "pickelhauben"(helmets) and grayish uniforms, looking as if they had not shaved orwashed for weeks. It was with no ordinary curiosity that I gazed at thatformidable host which had wroughtdevastation from Antwerp to Warsaw,before whose cannon first-class fortresses had gone down like houses ofcards, whose monstrous armies weremeasured not by miles but by degrees of latitude.Meanwhile the tide of battle rosehigher and higher around us. It wasimpossible to leave the house, whosewalls were lashed by a spray of shrapnel and rifle bullets. It was crackedin several places from the foundationto the roof by the concussion of gigantic shells.Sees Battle Approach Warsaw.I mounted to the roof and observedthe distant lights of Warsaw, whichwere not lowered despite the terrorof aeroplanes and Zeppelins. Southof Warsaw 1 saw a great irregularline of foam tipped shiapnel explosions, the boiling edge ot a Teutonicsea of iron and blood.At one point the line bent sharplyoutward and approached perilouslyclose to the Polish capital. The linemoved closer and as I looked I feltsure that Warsaw had gone like Antwerp, Brussels, Liege and Maubeuge.Then the line fell back and the redtide ot war ebbed and flowed like acrimson ocean.My reflections were interrupted bythe whiz of a bullet and then shrapnelbursting above the chimney sent irieinside.Suddenly the darkness was lit up bya tremendous glare. The Saxons hadretreated, setting fire to the village.A young pleasant faced Russian officerentered the house, went to the cellarentrance and regarded the womenand children in silence. He seemeddeeply moved."What a ghastly time they musthave had!" he said.Then he quickly commanded us toclear out at once, as the Germanswould probably return and the housewould surely be smashed. He beganspeaking in Polish and ended in Russian. He gave us a soldier to guideus.It was a strange, frightened procession of men, women and children. Aswe crossed a hill southeast of the railway line the fight behind us recommenced with great fury.Young Count Potoski Killed.The Germans retook the house,which was burned and obliterated, andthe young officer was killed. Hisdeath sent a thrill of grief through allPoland, for he was no other than thebrave young Count Potoski, head ofan ancient family of Polish aristocrats. The fate of the mansion in which Ifound succor is typical of thousandsof similar homes. From Warsawto Kalisz, Cracow and Chenstohov,Poland has suffered almost as muchas Belgium. Where the Germans havenot been the Austrians have been.The Lublin government was devas-,tated.During the battle of Warsaw alonehundreds of hamlets and mansionswere flattened in this steam rollerwar. They were taken and retakenby the opposing forces. In back gardens, narrow stairways and privatechapels men fought like fiends.Over a wide area south of Warsaw the struggle raged for ten daysand nights in village streets and isolated houses, backward and forward,like a roaring flood. The Germanicflood finally ebbed, but with its stupendous strength so little impairedthat it is liable to roll back at anymoment.Trtnches Cause Rheumatism.Paris. German prisoners takenalong the Tser show the effects of thehardships they have been undergoing.Many of them are suffering from rheumatism and severe influenza causedby their immersion in floodedtrenches. The flooding of the countrycaused hardships to the Belgians,French and British as well. The Belgian army in this region is said tohave been reduced to 10,000 men.Attaches to Observe War.Bordeaux. The military attachesof neutral countries have been authorized by the French governmentto proceed for the theater of war operations. They may vist particularlythe battlefields on the River Marne.WALTER MARTINNEW LIVERY STABLE IINew Carriages, Busbies, RunaboutsEtc. Special .Attention, Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.Horses Boarded ByHauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and , the Main Streeplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS.Stables Eigth St, Main'St.'rHappy NewIWe wish to thank the publicfor the most liberal patronagegiven our store during 1914.We also wish every citizen in"Paris and Bourbon County aHappy New Year.T. CcCash Grocer.GEO, W.FUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EIBAUffil. iBOTH'PHONESM'l Hill H'1"M"M'1'''MttttISIs II Worth Insuring? iiHit?v,Ask us to give you therates. We give especial attention to all farm business.Try us. Call 36 or 171 day,56 night.W. 0. HINT0N:!& SON,THE NEW FIRM.'" 1 1 W"l"frt'M''lM 1 1 1 IfrThings might be-worse. Not all ofthe boys are combing their hair backo they will resemble sect lions. .When you are feasting your eyes onpretty girl it is hard to believe thatA "Soul Mate" is a woman you cango to for consolation when your wife ismad at you.A Princess who is wearing aunion suit is just as proud as itcould see it. ,w0TOBACCO?CertaintyTilSj,ERNEST MARTINDay, Week or loith! fTransfer Busi- i-Both PhonesfYear, 1915leinihanBoth Phones 234DAVISDA 137; NIGHT 299.: M' i nw miHiiiiiniUNION CENTRALLIFE INSURANCE CO.Strongest Company.Lowest Net Sate.Miss Kate Alexander IAGENTI ALSO SOLICITFire, Wind .and Automobile ;Insurance ;and will greatly appreciate ! Iyoar consideration.MISS KATE ALEXANDER! H" H' M UltfThis is a free country. That's wfcrsilk every naa Believes that he has a rips :;you to force other men to listen to hi f imioas. . -a .'srw:Ftri$flMPERFECT IN ORIGINALAStL-i.,zvara5-V-vsf:fw y at"$"i t-.""iJ-Ji' J.t J ,V J-vv..rtw si? 5v -I I.1I k -SiI if' iMMf-f ' 'KiK nc uii i CDcDirapms jfc 4 i . 5 V s. "-'ide - a -?v s ? n-rs. J. Carke JLee- will eater-his afternoon, in honor of MissthKgtes,wb.o "is ioont.tobe,Mrs CftnrrA THlmftri. Tnplos ,r. W.te.1, Smedley 'left Wednes -Chicago to. spend the winterdaughters. .E. W. Ammerman leftWedto spend the Christmas holiwith his son, Mr. Walter Am-at St. Louis, Mo.n&,the number who are spend-eChristmas holidayshere aref Comer and family," of Pans;. j . . ... .,H.Mr. and Mrs. N. T Col-ents ot Mrsr Comer: Dr.JJexr andTamily of Washington; Ky.,- .. .t. . ,.v tiwitt''IGHBifl- OCMWjjermtLu1W' uS4pc ,Dr.EwW3k'JiarKfiarHrdfe'KltMftir. and Mrs. A. S. Best: Mesr6'J..iG: Allen. iand family, during theOv. Powell, John Letton, of Atlanta,Ga.,Ehe former witli his mother, Mrs.ifcCkret Powell and family, the Jat-ttr mth his mother, Mro.'Jennie Lret-tca-Sud 'family; Mibs Katherine A.IriJjLe, c Lexington, with her brother,fr '"Rrweprwi LinvHlA- T?pv Tnlia.'n Mp.-.31r.'Hoscoe Linville; Rev5 Julian Mc -c f?tock and family, of Corinthr with, 2? -ad Mrs. Hugh Campbell and Mr.-srtfTWrLc: Thns Alr.PlinfnHc: Mr. N.H, JHende-son,. of Oh.o, avJUi MissAlsfifi. Duke Jones. -x Mr. William E. Potts, aged 3S,die at his' home near Mitlrsbu-g,nSiiEday at 2 p. m., aPer a brief ill-3ieRj or pneumonia. ..11. ioun wa cott."ts-con sick last Wednesday ail a One of the most attractive enterrsChis condition was not thought to tainments of the Christmas holidaysxh" ledous. Saturday afternoon his .Was that .igiven by the private Gradcotaiticu grew more serious and he ed School of Miss Lida Talcott. ShecoKinued to fail from that time un-1 has a select school of about 20 pupilst ibe end. Mr. Potts is a native of most of them are small. On Tues-Hoe-efield and with his. wife and twochildren moved to the old Allen farmbout three years ago. His -vife,wio-as Miss Carrie Bramblett and-twochildren survive him. fie is aibo- nwrivedbv one b rother and sister.He wasa member of the ChristianJlljlrcli.The funeral will take placeizraraiug Iroa his late home at! rHrHL1b.tecment in CalisleCestetervMrs. Alex. Sanders, aged 75, diedat fier home in Cincinnati, Christmasi&vvahout 10 a.m. Mrb Sanders wasformerly Miss Mary Vesta Shaw, of!rffnier Hill, 111., and was united iniririatre to Elder Ale. Sanders attfcft nirfi of nineteen, and emoved fiftysixjyears of a happy, unbroken mar-rieilife, they having celebrated their made many hearts glad Friday whichgoMfen anniversary- six years x ago otherwise would not have been re-wlrat Elder Sanders was pastor of membered. Ingles and Shaw, propri-tneJiChristian Church" at Paintsville. etors of the theatre, and promoters ofiHirtmg their married life they have the entertainment are receiving con-reskied in many places, the greater gartulations for the noble work,part of it however, having been spent The Christian Church held, theiria. Jfentucky. THey have resided Christmas entertainment and Christ-twiceat Millersburg and for many years raas tree Monday night, Mr. T. K.rogUed at Paris, where one or two of Smith acting as Santa Claus. AlltM&r children were bo-n. Shortly the little folks were made happy. Theafter her marriage she identified her- Baptist Church gave theirs Wednes-setf ith the Christian Church, and day evening, and the Presbyterianhas, ever since been a faithful cd- church Thursday.worker by the side of her husband The following former Millersburg' an church work. She w as the. mother people were at home for the Christ-of nine children, four of them having mas holidays: Dr. and Mrs. O. F.proceeded he to the grave . Those f Long, of North Western University,living are Mrs. H. H. Harris, of Jack- Chicago; Rev. and Mrs. Julian Mcson? Mrs. C. E. Perrin, of Custer, S. ! Clintock, and family, of Corinth, Ky.,D.: Frank Sanders, of Alliance, Neb.;Warren Sanders, of Cincinnati, Ohio,'She is survived by sixteen grandchildren and 1 great-grandchild. She wasa loyal wife, a loving devoted mother,i.j; N.io and in every p articujgf fcwplifiefl the teachings of ChristTLile&sed " them upon all withV! Jl - fJ7$$JtejidI fciPt'ronsV Afbefore,' lAt li - .f, h fftr -r'!:' &&&&:if ' . " r.k t - Mi. .i 1 M Jj 1 If Ifc-'cvrf'i " m wkww mi t- Xli( ; Smmmmmmim' "iX" .V jarr re: isr o hc b iq-7 s jp Greatest Shoe Store IbWliere iBteauLty a-ixcl ESconoiy Reign mmm mmmmmmm. mmmmmmmmm mmtWMMmmmm mmmmMmmm mmmamwmmmm mMmmmmammmmmm MmmmwmmmmmA -W- &&jf S-tf " VlTHE-rwhom ah cafc in oonlictr For sevAral wmVb Kbit ha be4n Jn failinriMWly JJrtt it a k rmm n uab -mtr vw aa t iinrn -jbm n iirI 111 VQH sTVW 5W upmtUy uuhv'it viiwday,-Srhe dfe&ft taken ittth. worse.The funeraF services -were'MiellSun-rnt) lunercu: aciTrces ncic iioi- wuu-day tit 2:30 p. m., at the li ome ot-nerdaughter, Mrs. W. G.. Daily, on. NorthMain Street, Millersburg. After a. ol,ort c-rvinPB hv TClilp.r TCIHott. the1 body .was laid to r est in the Millers-, burg Cemetery.- J k (Thei,e "items intended for Friday's- 1 issue were delayed in transmissionthrough the mail on account of theChristmas rush.)Mrs. C. M. Best has returnedafter a, two weeks visitHo her'father,Mr. Dotts, W Philadelpliia.Maior Henry Allen, of the U. S.Armv. staU'on in ' YeltowatoneI .. ..- iPark, is the guest of his brother, Mr.! Christmas holidays.j The M. G. S., M. F. C. and M. M.I closed Wednesday for the Christ-mas holidays. The M. S. G. S. giv-in& a Christmas tree to their studentswhich was heavily laden witti everyfli?rcr tliof -trns nttrnntive.. thing that was attractive.j Mr. and Mrs. Roy Endicott werecalled to Cynthiana on account of theAooth nf tViAir mint. Miss Marv StuniD.who lias been an invalid for quite alions time. Miss Stump resided forseeral years with her brother-in-law,Mr. S H. Endicott, and for a shorttime with her nephew, Mr. Roy Endi-day afternoon that school gave a lit-tie entertainment which was follow-'ed by Santa Clause awarding thepresents from the Christmas tree. Aj number of invited guests were present,At thn rancliision of the nrosram Mi ,s. Talcott thanked the patrons for their! presence. The part of Santa Claus wiswell pi ayed by Mr. W F. Zanders.Mrs. C. B. Smith gave a pictureshow party to several of the youngladier., "Wednesday afternoon, inhonor of the return of her daughter,Miss Martha Smith. The picture showgiven by the proprietors of Mount JoyTheatre, Wednesday afternoon, for, the charities of the town Avas well at-tended ana enjoyea oy an present,x nice little sum was realized, whichj and Mrs. Carlton Ball, of St. Louis, Mo.;Misses Ethel Love Fisher, Tennessee;Tthel Love Fisher, of Tennesee;Misses Martha Smith and Olive Fisher, of Randolph-Macon College, Va.;Miss Leucia Butler, of Agnes ScottCollege, Georgia; A. S Venable, Jr.,of Clarkesville, Tenn.; Miss Mary Mc-rrsj4JT ,rPOSINER BROTHERStheir heartiest greetings to all friends andan their best wishes for a 1-.Happy andNEW1915 ,42k .We thank them for their1914, and shall be glad towith their high grade Men's, Women's andChildren's, Footwear at theBOUHBOIiNKWft. PAHS. KEFTTOCKY. DKCEMBIl 29. 171,JS.Tv. '- . Asr.' a.j .gij , n TMrafcifc r MMa. - - -- t. . .. - -. . ,MMMMiIM"MM IM.1I. I H"l I.U nn, i. i i mi n 11 n w Wiii '' Dauaiell, ", of - tfca C jMaiaaa.SthobU Miss B6MM.TXigTM.mil i inn j . n laLWHB - havr.t ..j- r rau7m c J' "J' fupii home:3 Jpd,aii0sabomt'-witk iwfeyeEioer. ana mn, u.ve a.t Morsran:vyqBu4U ,L T v. ,"VT7i irjwrs. jtium reOTwiwiiciviGame, and Jjorotoy .reea, wiinntrs.Mary Feed, and tamuy, at lYiaysiicK,MISS Helen YODg W1UI ,M1SS WlSUaiU,at Philadelphia, Miss Hatfel Kerr withrelatives at MaysvilleClay's Sausage.NEBRASKA GIRL'SCHRISTMASRIDDLE.-The iollowing .Christmas riddle wasireareu uy vaiuinc uunumi, ,rwelve-vear-old Otoiaha girl and thedaughter of Mrs. K. R. J. Edholm,the secretary of tfie Nebraska Association for the Study and Preventionot Tuberculosis. Guess it if you can.First of all, I am a small piece ofnaner nearly . an -inch square, and Icairy on my oack something whiehwill make me stick closer to you thanawsand burr.My face is red and green and white,as all things should be at Christmas-time, and I remind you of snow andsleighs and Christmas-trees and SantaGlaus. I am very neat and trim, forI am scalloped all the way round myedge. like Christmas cookies.I have had my picture taken, andthere are now over 100,000,000 of mein almost every State; in fact, all overthis country iheie are people whoknow me and send tor me to comeand help them make their friendshappy.lou may burn, tear, cut me up, orthrow me away, but although I maybe destroyed my meaning never canbe lost. It is something that will lasttoiever. and it is stamped right on mylace, where you cau see it the firstthing. It has helped many, many peo-pie, and it wilL help many more.1 bring happiness and cheer toevery place I go besides the pleasuresof tho givers when they wrap up theirChristmas packages and then put mylittle face where it wall be seen, iam usually put on the back of thenackaire right beside the name of mysender, but 1 am also found on theinside, too.I was born about the first of August,but you don't see me until December,when 1 make my first appearance. By"New Year's Day I shall have spreadmv wings and flown away and youwon't seen me again till next year atabout this time. Then I shall appearagain with a smiling, cheerfpl face,but Dust a little bit changed, for youknow that will be a year later, andage changes one's face quite considerably. .You may find me yourself at Christmas-timethat is, if you will know mefrom my description, and I hope youII Uiy UWW.puuu, ,--';:;will, because I want you to nnaersuummy message.The woman who is wearing a hallnlnek Dendulum dangling from eachear is always first to chip mtoward a ;fund for the Enlightenment of. the Be-nighted Zulus, who wear rings fii theirnoses.Optimistic Thought.Behind evory mountain lijss Yale.t,.. m. . 'mi r,ii in urn V 1' 'jf' 'Vip',4 gWM Ji 'i ' F 1 1 -VProperoiisYEARtSK. 'mhr-patronage during f the yearserve them in the future, aslowest prices.. i i mGnwled! .. uftMialAiiit J- I?. ' ? iffi 'I i i i i 1 1 it iPuTAAll nf-tfa . "r- IBBUMHRHI ---" rfVZr MWTAA Mm JPPKTVo,j -t ; -rI3. - "T, i- a i jiciL ;- . -i.v 1331? i rrerrMMLt-UJZMA i.& .- 'TfcTAGQMBR-HUDTJALL.: Tiyyr m4mk MiiisnGhrisUa&Mb Derformea the" niarriage eremboyvmiitinr Mr, "Win. D-nT'r.i,ir'L w.'i iiri jI itt i n, -Wagoner ' anal tMiss Sadie 'Huduall,both of this county, 'An. his privateoffice in he Courthouse.r,rx - vLEACH-1NGRAM.Mr. W. P. Ingram, of this c ity,and Miss Sara C. Jjeach, of'Loxington,were g ranted a' marriage 1 icense bythe County Clerk of Fayette County,Thursday -and were m arried in Lexington. A. HENRY-CLARK.Miss Erma Clay Henry, daughterof Mr. and Mrs1. J. W. Henry, ofSharpsburg, an4 a niece' of Mr.' andMrs. J. W. Bramblett, of this city,!was married last Wednesday at thehome of her parents, to MrBen C.Clark, a well-known young farmer otBath County.FINDS 18 PEARLSIN OYSTER.George Fountain and -his son,Gideon, went into Giles Banname'soyster shop in Plainfield the otherday ordered two oysters cocktails. IGideon swallowed his first oyster jwhole, but chewed the second one,when his teeth hit against something jhard. For a' few seconds Gideon jthought he was in a jeweler's shop, jOne by ore he drew from his mouth18 pearls, 14 white ones and four Iblack ones. Six of them are worth Ifrom $5p to '300 each. Metuchen (N. jJ.) Con New York Sun.NO TITLE TOMANSIONIN THESKIES.More and more we are convincedthat what this country most needs isa religion or training that will make a jman pay his debts, snouting uoesnot settle accounts with God or man.Often we want to bounce a. fellowright out of church because he Aventfishing on Sunday but never say aword to the pious scamp who neverpays his debts, and such people aredoing the church more harm than anylot of Sunday desecraters, for thereare more of them in the church.Reader, are we getting close to you?Then lay down this paper and go andpay up and you can read on at ease.And don't you stop paying because the"statute of limitations" excuses thet openaccount which you made forbread and meat. You-must pay it incash or God will make you pay itin fire 'and brimstone. God knowsno such excuse for paying as "homestead exemption." When you raisethat excuse to keep from paying your jdebts you can stop singing, "WhenI can read my title clear to mansionsthere. Col. Snencer Cooper's Hazelr.r'oDn'WIrl" "-?- t ;DIMESAND, DIAMONDS.yonan at ovmgton louna a tna-monaft ivk the gizzard or a cmcKenwmguuevvits prupau-iiig iur uie turn -ilvSmlial. A jeweler told her thestone;' was worth ?50. Last Christ -mas, thV'report goes on to say, thesame woman found a dime in thegizzard of a turkey..'1 fJ4. i- . j, - ----rT-.T. V IX.- k - , .1H I-,fewiT-jVi - JMlm &0U,-What is the good of earning 'money and extravagantlySQUANDERING it ? ' " fc'The man who piles rup hismoney in the bank will alsoEARN MORE. Why? - -He will take more INTEREST in what, he is doingand he will be given the chance fo-i promotion, or for aPARTNERSHIP, over the man who foolishly spends all hemakes. , -Make OUR bank YOUR bank.We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPITAL $150,000.00' SURPLUS 20,000.00STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY..:. 130,000.00Protection to Depositors , $350,000.00s. fc. Bedford, President.KITCHENERS KNOWN TO FAMEEnglish Military Leader is the Thirdof His Name to Have WonDistinction.Kitchener of Khartum is not knownfirst ' but the third Kitchener knownto fame. The first was Ir. WilliamKitchiner the variation in the secondvowel counts for nothing a Londonj literary man who died at the age ofj fifty-one, in 1S27. He inherited a fortune of ?350,000, was a noted epicure,and even wrote a book entitledTheCooks Oracle," in which culinary in-, Qtri1.Hft e QT,Q . w5fll ., ,,.' """" 7 ,-. ou. ,uo! mS Peasantry and clever anecdoteas1 to win tn dullest reader. The secondKitchener was a noted jockey, whorode in the year 1844 the horse Redueer ior tne unester cup and won,! says an exchange. He had weighedin at two stone twelve pounds (forty(pounds), and four years before hewent to scale at Ascot weighing onlytwo stone seven pounds. Having Jspent many years in Prance, ha cameback to England in 1864 and won theJ Northamptonshire stakes on a horsenamed Dollar. While the great Kitchener is now a central figure in theEuropean conflict, it was the Franco-I German Y.ar of 1S70 that proved thei undoing of the great little Kitchener.J That war drove him back to England.where he died in 1S72 at the age offorty-three years. Johnny Reiff, theJittTe American jockey, who achievedglory cm the English racecourse on hisfirst appearance, weighed four stonetwo pounds, and was eighteen poundsheavier than his diminutive1 predecessor, .vSNAKE CAUSES GOLF PROBLEMf Hi, ,Reptile Knocked Ball Into Cup, and, Placer 'Was Berplexed as to" What to Do.At this season of the year thegreens, on the goltcoursesaregenerally wet and the tender grass ismuch liked by the green garter snakesfound in this section of the" country.They probably use it as a breakfastrsalad. iXr. Gates, a charter member of theRavenswood Golf club, is an early-morning player. Several days ago hemade a short pitch to the third green,his ball 'stopping close to the hole.He had visions of a par four. On approaching the hole he found a snakeclose to the ball. The reptile, fearingthe good doctor was about to operateon him, started to retreat, but in" itshaste knocked the ball into the hole.The doctor wants "to know if heshould claim a three or take it forgranted he wouldhave holed the puttand claim a four. This question hascreated quite a controversy aroundthe nineteenth hole and the membersare seeking an official ruling.A look into the rule book revealsthat he should have replaced the balland tried, for the putt; which,, ho wever,he did not do. Chicago Tribune.Industry Worth Developing.Little useis being made ofthe flossfrom, the inside of the, pods of thesilk cotton tree in the West Indies.In the Philippines the collection ofthis product known throughout theEast as "Kapok" forms an industryof considerable promise. It is beingmore and more used in the manufacture of patent, life-belts, and agriculturists ' in .the British. "Wes't Indiesmight with' prolt'turnytKeir attentionto the collection ot this fofThe pro-W75 MSr'90MEmpiV&zJLvl,C.K. THOMAS, CmMwduction for 1D1S was 24o,009 pounds,as against 69,606 in 1910-11. The decline in 1911-12 is attributed ,by theMindanao Herald to increased localconsumption. Most of the kapok formerly went to the Netherlands, eitherdirect or via Hongkong; but in 191213 it was exported chiefly to the United States, Germany and Australasia, inthe order named. v"War Lord" in the Held.Wilhelm II when in the field hastwo comfortable tents, or huts, inwhich he is well protected from coldand damp. Each is composed ofwood and iron, and, being easily takento pieces, is capable of being transferred from place to place without difficulty. The partitions between theraare joined so perfectly as to be Impervious to damp or air, and the floorsare of oak, -while the furniture is ofwicker. One of the two huts serves aaa living room, the other as. a sleepingcompartment. His meals are providedfrom a motor kitchen, furnished -with,a stove and with a freezing apparatus,and "covers" for a dozen ueome.The Potato in Scotland.The potato, -the decreasing use ofwhich, in Ireland has been deplored,was a long time finding favor in Scotland. When MacDonald of Clanranald,in 1743, bought seed potatoes for hitenants in South Ulst they objectedto planting them because the tuberis not mentioned in the Bible! At amuch later period George Bachop, onaof the Ochtertyre tenants, when toldby his wife that she had potatoesforsupper, cried contemptuously, "Tatties! Tatties! I never suppit on thema' my days, and never will. GietfeMtto the herd and get me so-wan""' &Danger Sign.The National Affiliated Safety organizations, New York and' Chicago, haredesigned a metal floor type dangerpsignwhlch includes three signals. Tkfirst is a red plate with the word dan-,ger and an arrojv pointing upward togive warning of overhead danger. Inthe second jsignal the arrow, is coveredby a red plate. If there is no dangerthe two sections of the sign, which arehinged at the top, are folded lace toface, thus displaying Triank surface.Thought He'd Try.London.A Scotchman who . hadbeen out of work for nine months applied for a slice of the war relief fand.When told he could scarcely attributehis loss of work to the war, h repliedcheerfully: "Oh, weel, I diJni. tkinkI wad get onythlng. I jist thovgmt Iwad .see if there 'wis onythiflg cavaaboot I'm rfo carinVNOTICE.Paris, Ky., December 5, 1914.Notice to Physicians and Heads ofFamilies ;The law requires that all contagiousand infectious diseases be made.,known to the Board of Health, asearly as a diagnosis of the diseaseis made. The penalty for failure is$5 for each day thereafter not so reported. Will it not reasonably occur,to the responsible party that almostirreparableresults may follow negligence ijthimatter? Please hegoverneDyrhe laT 1Al. H. KELLER,, President of the H&atta' Boards(8dec-tf) , ,iffV ' t1fi'. zrzj?vit!sl v.a jwnycmr...&tiaESIfcSimmmmmmmmmmB-. - --- , ; . ., r. -,-?- - i ' , wiii h i