V04VJCTHEONPUBLISHED EVPBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 1914.BOURE. ; ., '--(. v?. -- .- . - -NEGRO RENOyATTACKSSCHOOLGIRL"Miss Jennie Kiser, of Kiserton,Is Attacked By Negro,While In Buggy.THE VICTIMNEARLY PROSTRATED.Negro Spirited To LexingtonTo Avoid Chances ofMob Violence.$60,000- FIREAT CORP.TTTSTW r-"51T-WEusiness Portion of TownGutted By DisastrousFire Monday.Charged with attempted criminalassault upon the peison of Miss Jennie Kiser, seventeen-year-old daughter cf Mr. and Mrs. James Kiser, ofKiserton, this county, Wm. Gamhey,a negro, was arrested near Kiserton,Friday afternoon by Sheriff W. F. Tal"bott, Deputy Sheriff J. 0. Marshalland Jailer Jos. Farris, after a mob ofangry citizens of the community hadabout decided to take the law intointo their own hands.When the news of the assaultreached Sheriff Talbott, George Kiser,Wm. 3. Ardery and Thomas Allenstarted to the scene in Mr. Allen's automobile, and Deputy Sheriff Marshalland Jailer Joseph Farris also went inanother machine.The first clue was gained at thehome of Henry Ingels, on the Peacock pike, Mrs. Ingels saying that shenoticed a buggy pass with a negro.man hanging on behind. She gave afull description of the man as beingyellow in color, and dressed in blueor black pants and yellow shirt withhis ccat on his arm.As the officers proceeded they soonfound iliat the whole neighborhoodwas aroused, and armed men werehunting in every direction for the negro criminal. The negro remained onthe back of Miss Riser's buggy until aseluded place in the road was reached, a steep cliff on the "creek bank,with trees and undergrowth, when hesprang from his place behind the buggy and dragged the unsuspecting girlfrom her seat into the bushes. Herscreams, however, brought assistanceand the negro was frightened away.The news spread rapidly, and finally a negro answering the descriptionwas brought to bay by Mr. GeorgeCurrent, who held him at the point ofa shotgun until the arrival of theSherin.' It was with difficulty that a lynching then and there was averted, butluckily an automobile happened alongjust at the time the Sheriff havingabandoned his machine to hunt forthe negro on horseoacK, and tne prisoner was rushed to Paris, where hewas landed in jail.- Later, he wastaken to Lexington for safe keeping.The voung lady, who is a student inthe Paris City Schools, and who wasreturning home alone in her buggy,is a member of a well-known andprominent family, and is popular withall who knew her. It is said she isprostrated from the shock of her terrible experience.Fearing mob violence from the enraged citizens of Bourbon County,Sheriff W. F. Talbctt took Gamby toLexington, Saturdiy evening in anauto for safe kee jjng.Gamby stoufo 'os any connection with the crhix. , ji uo officerswho arrested him i -stty certainfrom the descriptions tU v had of thesuspect before his arre& uat he isthe guilty party.The negro was fully and positivelyidentified by Miss Kiser before the arTival of the officers.Gamby, when seen at the Fayettecounty jail, said he was arrestedabout three o'clock, three miles fromParis. He stoutly denied having committed the ccime that he is chargedsaying he thought he was being arrested in connection with sometrouble with a colored woman andthat his arrest had been caused by anuncle of the woman with whom he attended a festival at Paris the proceeding night. .The negro gave his home as Cambridge, Md., and said he had beenaround Paris for four or five years,off and on, and that during this timehe had worked as a section hand onthe railroad. He gave the names ofJames Hubbard, Patrick Feagan andPatrick Kearns as men for whom hehad worked during this time.r i n mulatto, aeout 5 feet 6 inches tall and weighs about 125 or 130A man answering the descriptiongiven of Gamby, appeared at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champ,on Pleasant street Friday morningand boldly entering the kitchen madehimself at home, and retreated at kisleisure and no one was at home butthe cook. , , .Gamby will probably not be broughtback "here until the feeling againsthim has subsided.It is the general opinion 'that thenegro who attacked Miss Kiser -is theEame one who attacked Mi&s -Oliver,Fire of unknown origin early yesterday morning swept the larger partof Cornith, Grant County, Ky., atown of 800 population, on the Q. & C.railroad, destroying fifteen businesshouses and seven residences, including the postoffice and Childers Hotel,the principal hostlery in the town,and entailing a loss of $60,000. Onlyabout one-fourth of the buildingswere insured.Sadieville, a nearby town, was appealed to for assistance and sent fiftymen to help fight the conflagration,which was not gotten under controluntil about daylight.The fire, which started about oneo'clock, originated in the grocerystore of G. W. Epperson, and spreadin both directions, north and southon Main street, sweeping everythingbeforeit.JOY RIDETERMINATES IN: DEATHJJF ONE.Elwood Wallen, of Paris, IsKilled in Automobile Accident Sunday.r"WE KNOW HOW"- vlis1MACHINE"TURNED TURTLE.'Scott Woodford, of Paris, andJ. W. Chowning, of Lair,Injured.STILL "PEACE-ING."While the delegates of the UnitedStates to the Niagara Falls conference declined to discuss their attitude as to the admission of Carranzadelegates it was emphasized In Washington that no protocol should besigned until agents of the Constitutionalists had been given an opportunity to participate in in the deliberations. It was stated that the cargo ofthe Ypiranga, discharged at PuertoMexico, consisted of 15,000,000 roundsof ammunition, 250 machine guns andother war material. The next step inthe Ypiranga incident, it is stated,may be the filing of a claim againstthe United States for causing delayin delivering the cargo.BECKHAM WILL OPEN LOUISVILLE HEADQUARTERS.With Gen. Percy Haley at the helm,former Gov. Beckham opened hisheadquarters in the Seelbach Hotel,in Louisville yesterday morning. Theheadquarters are in charge of Gen.Haley, with Robert G. Phillips to assist. Beckham has not determined yetwhether hewill make the -race forthe short term along with the longterm for the Senate.Gov. Beckham spolce at Moticelltand Burnside Monday. Before leaving Frankfort Sunday the questionwas put to him direct. "Are you going to make the race for the Democratic nomination for the shortterm?" and he said, "I haven't madeup my mind yet."McCREARY DECIDESTO APPOINT CAMDEN.Governor McCreary Saturday announced that Johnson N. Camden, ofVersailles, will be appointed UnitedStates Senator to fill tne vacancycreated by the death of Senator W.O. Bradley.The appointment was made at therequest of many persons in the Stateand upon the endorsement of theDemocratic Clubs of Lexington, Versailles, Fayette, Woodford and othercounties.The appointment will not be madeuntil June 15. Mr. Camden will accept. JUNE COURT DAY AVERY DULL ONE.June court day was a very dull one,as far as business was concerned, andthere was but a small crowd in attendance. M. J. Murphy & Co. report a slow market, with 50 cattle attheir pens, all sold. W. A. Thompson purchased fifteen from Mattox at$59 per head, the remainder bringing $54; 2 milk cows cold at $50?75,horses brough $40 to "$90. A few muleson the market, but sales slow.APPOINTED ADMINISTRATOROF BROTHERS' ESTATE.County Judge McMillan yesterdayappointed Ed. Blake, of near Centerville, administrator of the estate ofhis brother, John Blake, who diedseveral weeks ago. Mr. Blake qualified with Mr. S. B. Bedford and JudgeE. B. January as sureties. The estateconsists of a fine farm and personalproperty near Centreville.CANTRILL'S PETITION 'FILED.FRANKFORT KY., May 29. Thepetition of Congressman J. CampbellCantrill seeking the Democratic nomination for Congress in this districtwas filed to-day by Postmaster RussHughes, of this city. It was signedby Pruett Graham and Bowen Henry,both farmers.SHE EXPECTS IT.As the result of the automobile inwhich they were riding, turningturtle, on the Nicholasville pike,eight miles from Lexington, earlySunday morning, Elwood Wallen, ofthis city, son of Mr. and Mrs. W. A.Wallen, was killed, and Scott Woodford, son of Mr. and Mrs. Ben Woodford, of the county, and J. W. Chownins:, of Lair, were Dainfullv iniured.The young men left Paris after mid- Jnight Saturday night, saying theywere going to Nicholasville, on a joyride. It is not known how long theyremained there, but they had startedhome and when about five miles fromthe town, the machine, which was being driven by Mr. Chowning, the owner, suddenly skidded and dropped offa slight embankment, turned over, !righted itseii ana turned again, nnaily running at terrific force into afence post, hurling the occupants out.The Lexington police departmentwas notified Sunday morning about7 o'colck that three men had beenbadly injured four miles from Nicholasville or eight miles from Lexingtonand aid was asked for. LieutenantNewton Harkins and Patrolman Wm.Vaughn, accompanied by Dr. A. H.Barkley, left for the scene of the accident in the Public Safety. Whenthe Lexington men arrived it wasfound that Mr. Wallen was alreadydead. Mr. Chowning was unconscious and Mr. Woodford was -walkingabout, although badly injured aboutthe head.The Public Safety was followed tothe scene of the accident by a truckfrom the Blue Grass Auto Company,and when 'the truck arrived the deadbody of Mr. Wallen was placed uponit and taken to Nicholasville, as theaccident occurred in Jessamine countyand would have to be investigatedofficially by the coroner of that county, and later to his home in Paris.Messrs. Woodford and Chowningwere placed in the Public Safety, anda few moments later the return tripto Lexington was begun. Almost before the machine could be gotten under headway. Mr. Woodford becameunconscious, but when he reached theGood Samaritan Hospital he regainedconsciousness.Woodford is slightly bruisedaboutgie head, but is not seriously injured,e was the only one who was conscious when assistance reached them.The police infer that the car inwhich Messrs. Woodford, Chowningand Wallen were riding was goingbetter than 75 miles an hour, thatspeed being necessary according tothe police to have caused it to turntrutle and skid on a pike as level asthe Nicholasville road is at- the pointwhere the accident occurred. Afterhaving turned turtle the car is saidto have righted itself and run about100 yards from the place of the accident, when, it swerved to the rightand ran into a fence, where it lodged,badly damaged. The trouble is saidto have developed in the steeringgear.YminEf Wallen's body was broughthome Sunday afternoon on the 4:30interurban car and taken tp the homenf his narents. Mr. and Mrs. w. A.Wallen, on Cypress street, betweenFifteenth and Sixteenth streets. iesustained heavy bruises about thehead, and his body was terribly lacerated, a large artery in the thigh wassevered and it is thought he bled todeath. He was the only child of hisparents, who are prostrated over hisawful fate. They have the heart-feltsympathy of the entire community.Mr. Wallen went to the scene of theaccident Sunday morning with Dr. D.S. Henry and returned with the body,accompanied by Mr. Taylor, the undertaker. The funeral services will be conriiintAd at the residence, on Cypressstreet, this morning at 10 o'clock, byRev. O. R. Mangum. Burial in ParisCemetery.The pall-bearers are: Earl uuras,James Henry, Wm. Kiser, Wm. Cooper, Thomas Link, Merritt Slicer.h-Straw HalTime Is Here !1 Take Off That Old Felt HatAnd put on a new Straw Hat. We have the kind that iscool, comfortable and Becoming.PanamasIn shayes to please the young man or the more conservative man. The very high crown straws, with narrowbrims with the bow on the side or back, just the thing forthe young yellow.Hopkins and DunlaQ StrawsThe kind that the. swell es in the cities are showing.Come to our store to-day and select your straw while thepicking is good. ,.Straw Hats $1 to $5Munamas $3.50 to-$10:iMitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's Styles Paris, Kentucky2FRANK & CO.BIG CLEARANCE SALEOFReady to Wear Garments !Compare Our Prices With Other Stores, Then Come In and See the GarmentsYou Will Be Surprised at the Real Bargains Offered..a.5ZAll ColorsAT $9.95Silk, Poplin and Moire Skirts.and Black.AT $9.95Any Ordinary Size Wool Suit in Our Entire1 Stock Worth Up To $35.00.AT $7.50We ore Offering a Very Select Line ofMisses' and Ladies' SuitsWorthUp To $20.00.AT $9.95Any Ladies' Silk or Cloth Coat Worth Up.To $25.00.AT $4,951Any Child's Separate Coat Worth RegularlyUp To $15.00 Each.iAT $3.95Every girl graduate expects a present. Anything you may get, if itcomes from Winters', will please her.(19-tf)near Ruddles Mills, some weeks ago,and Mrs. Isgrig, in East Paris, ashort time ago. The victims in allthree cases were choked and bruisedabout the throat and neck, all in then m.Tinpr The descriptionsgiven Inveach case closely fits that ofuamuy. ' -WANT YOUTSEY PARDONEDAny Serge or Eponge Dress That Sold For-merly Up To $8.50 Each.Come Early and Get Choice. JPetitions for the pardon of HenryE. Youtsey, now under sentence oflife imprisonment in the State penitontinrv fnr rmrmlieitv in the assassination of William Goebel, and whohas served thirteen years in the;Frankfort prison, are being circulat-fid through Kentucky by Mrs. Kate E.Brown, of. Frankfort. " IA number of these petitions havebeen received here. " jA1NLK oc OThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.?. -,-y, ?'-THE BOURBON.' NEWS, PARIS, KENTCJfcKY, JUNE 2 1914The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.TOBACCO MENHAVE BIG STOCKS.1 BH3e Paris Rome telephone and CekgrapD Co(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. K. E. SPEARS, Commerical Manager.BourbonDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.1 Bourbonfw$1? -ZZ"EParis Kentucky.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PKONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.Gasi ir ittmg !Plumbing and Elecri-cal Work in AHTheir BranchesMasda (Tungston) LampsStoves, Ranges&t Appliances.I Spicer &'aGilchrist, !.Oks' BuildingE.E. Phone, 103Hnrno Plinnn 4 fW. uumciiiuiic, iuiWhen you f eeliscouragcco u fused, nevous, tired, worried or despondent it issunesign yon need MOTTS NERVERIK"PILLS. They renew the normal vigor aimake life worth living. Be sure and ask tMott's Nerverine Pills gSJJiSL"3VILUAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, Ohio1u Oberdorfer, Druggist. Paris, Ky...., KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMTmrrm INAL COMPANY.'XO Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris for6.00 a m7:28 a m8:00 a mS:50 a m10:20 am..11:50 ,am' ' Jl:20..p m) 2:50 q. m; 3:30 p m, 4:20 p m'5:00 p m6:00 p m,7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p mfrjtelally except -Sun day -Leave PariLexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 am9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p.mmmmmmmm3:45 p4:305:156:056:50PPP8:15P10:05 pHave You aHOME TELEPHONE'Our Bourbon CountyBusiness is GrowingMoire Rapidly ThanEver Before.Ask Your Neighbor About TheService, Then Let Us Figure With YouLaundryWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in 'oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That -is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fov fine work anddever goes brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen is Mlkind we want as we like toappreciateeLaundry,FIRST CLASS SERVICE ATFREEMAN'S BARBER SHOP.Having engaged the service of LouisLivers, an experienced barber, I amnow prepared to handle my trade andgive the most thorough satisfaction.Give me a call and be convinced.BUCK FREEMAN.HOW CHILDREN GROWChildren grow by nourishment notoverloaded stomachs or rich foods butqualities that are readily converted intohfe-sustaining blood; too often theirdigestive powers cannot procure thesequalities from ordinary foods which resultsin weakness, dullness and sickness.If your children are under-size, underweight, catch cold easily, are languid.backward, pale or frail, give them Scott'sJ Emulsion whichis pure medicinal nourish! ment. It sharpens i the appetite, buildshealthy flesh, firm muscles and activejbrains. Scott's is growing-food forChildren. Refuse alcoholic substitute-1?$&y&&8&&&&$&&.9Nervous? gMrs. Walter Vincentof Pleasant Hill, N. C.,'writes: "For three summers, I suffered fromnervousness, dreadfulpains in my back andsides, and weak sinkingspells. Three bottles ofCardui, the woman'stonic, relieved me entirely. I feel like anotherperson, now."TAKECarduiThe Woman's TonicFor over 50 years,Cardui has been helpingto relieve women's unnecessary pains andbuilding weak women upto health and strength.It will do the same foryou, if given a fair trial.So, don't wait, but begintaking Cardui today, forits use cannot harm you,and should surely do yougood. E-72JSWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00tPayable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar .matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.ROOSEVELT WILLWIELD BIG STICK.Col. Theodore Roosevelt will takean active part in the State campaignof the Progressive party this year, according to statements he made in 'conferences with Progressive leaders atWashington Wednesday. To pressrepresentatives he said:"I came to Washington to speak,but secondly I want to see Progressive Senators and Representatives because I feel that a peculiar debt ofobligation is owing to them for whatthey have done and the way in whichthey have borne themselves."I shall be taking my part in thecampaign this year. I will have toexplain that it is impossible to be inmore than forty or fifty differentplaces at the same time. I have beenasked by Mr. Lewis and Mr. Pinchotto open the campaign in Pittsburg onJune 30, which I am going to do."I have written to Governor HiramJohnson that it is my desire to speakin California. Of course, I will go outthere."Into nine hours former PresidentRoosevelt crowded a speech on hisSouth American expedition, a call onPresident Wilson, a political conference of first importance with the Progressives in .congress, a visit to theSmithsonian Institute to see thetrophies from his African hunt offour years ago, a meeting with a fewmembers of the diplomatic corps anda dinner with old friends here.ENTIRE MAYO FORTUNELEFT TO WIDOW.Information has been given outthat the will of the late John C. C.Mayo will be probated at Paintsville,June 1. The entire fortune was willed to the widow, who will endeavor tocarry out the plans Mr. Mayo hadfor further development in EasternKentucky. John E. Buckingham,Cashier of the Paintsville NationalBank, who has been closely associated with Mr. Mayo in his businessdealings, is'askea in the will to act inan advisory capacity and give all possible assistance to Mrs. Mayo in themanagement of the large estate.It is not now believed the will willthrow much light on the size of thefortune. It is said Mr. Mayo carried $275,000 insurance at the time ofhis death, having dropped $125,000before maturity several years ago.JIM ALLEN THROWSUS A FEW 3RICKS.Jim Allen, the versatile editor ofthe Cynthiana Democrat, in his "Pertand Pertinent" column, takes the following cracks at Paris:"Cynthiana calls her commutertrain to Paris the "Booze Special."Mayfield has a dinkey called "Whiskey Dick.""At Paris it seems they let Georgedo it."The consensus of opinion is thatGeorge Alexander will make a mighty poor poor man."Bankers in other towns are saidnot to have been surprised at thefailure of the Alexander bank atParis. With a law in force guaranteeing the safety of deposits, thebankers who observed what was doing at Paris very likely would havestopped it."UNITED STATES PAYSSENATORS' BURIAL EXPENSESIn accordance with the law and custom, the United States defrays all expenses of burial of one of its Senators. Last week the body of SenatorBradley was brought from Wahsington on a special train of three coaches. All expenses was defrayed by theSenate, including the sum of $7,500which goes to the widow, this beingone year's salary of the dead Senator. MAYO'S BROTHER ISNAMED POSTMASTER.At the request or Mrs. John C. C.Mayo, widow of the Democratic National Committeeman of Kentucky,Senator Ollie James recommendedthe appointment of Robert H. Mayo tobe postmaster of Paintsville. Mr.Mayo is the younger brother of thelate Democratic committeeman, andin selecting him as postmaster Senator James gratifie'd the dying wish ofJohn C. C. Mayo.EVIDENTLY DIDN'TTRUST IN BANKS."Mrs. Stewart, who died recently atPorter, Scott county, had $500 concealed in a baking powder can, whichwas tied around her waist. She hadworn same for years as there -werecorns on her side made from' the constant rubbing'of the7 tin can. iCynthiana Democrat. 2 " " ' "Stocks of leaf tobacco in the handsof manufacturers are larger at thepresent time than at the same timea year ago, is shown by the report ofthe Department of Commerce whichhas just been issued by Director Harris. The present stocks are heavier inall departments, chewing, smokingand cigar leaf being represented. Thelargest stocks are from the dark Burley districts of Western Kentucky andthe light districts of the eastern halfof the State are also well represented. Cigarette and stogie stocks constitute a large proportion of the reserve!which is held by manufacturers,"talthough there is a very heavy stock ofchewing and cigar leaf, all' of whichis discounted by the fact that thereare small stocks in the warehouses.FOREST NOTES.nFout Buffalo calves have justbeen born on the Wichita Nationalforest, bringing the herd up to 51.In co-operation with the weatherbureau, forest rangers are to measure snow depths in the western mountains. Students of the Oregon AgriculturalCollege are working at the forestnuresry on the Siuslaw forest. Thearrangement is said to be mutuallysatisfactory since the students gainexperience in forest nuresry practiceand their assistance lowers the costof nuresry workManufacturers have found that redalder from the Pacific coast is a suitable material for clothespins. Aldermakes a white, smooth, springy pin.As a result of this fact, a clothespinfactory, said to be the first on thePacific coast, may be established atPortland, Oregon.The City of Tacoma, Washington,has entered into a co-operative agreement with the forest service for theprotection of the source of its watersupply, the watershed of the GreenRiver, which lies within the RainierNational forest. The two agenciesworking together will protect thisstream from the results of forestdestruction by fire or by other agencies. CRYING FOR HELP.Lots of It in Paris But Daily GrowingLess.The kidneys often cry for help.Not another organ in the wholebody more delicately constructed.Not one more important to health.The kidneys are the filters of theblood.When they fail the blood becamesfoul and poisonous.There can be no health where thereis poisoned blood.Backache is one of the frequent 'indications of kidney trouble. .It is often the kidneys' cry for help.Heed it.Read what Doan's Kidney Pillshave done for overworked kidneys.Proof of merit in the followingstatement:Mrs. Eva Cooper, Main Street,Winchester, Ky., says: "Although Inever had occasion to use a kidneyremedy myself, I can strongly rec-ommend Doan's Kidney Pills for wehave taken them in the family withfine results. One of the family hastaken them with excellent results forpain in the back and kidneys."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don't simply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Cooper had. Foster-Milburn; Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y.NO LOCAL REFERENCE.When a man in the humbler ranksgoes astray through drink or dishonesty, he is called a drunkard and athief, but not so if he moves in wealthy circles. He is then the victim ofkleptomania, dispomania or some other mania, and people are asked tosympathize with him.. What a softening down the English language doesget when it comes to a matter of dollars. If the holes in the cap of a seldomused fountain pen be pluged t okeepout the air the ink in the pen will notdry so rapidly."TIZ" EASES TIRED,SORE, SWOLLEN FEETJust take your shoes off and thenput those weary, shoe-crinkled, aching, burning, corn-pestered, buniontortured feet of yours in a "TIZ" bath.Your toes willwriggle with joy;they'll look upit you and almost talk andthen they'llt ak e anotherdive in that"TIZ" bath.When yourfeet feel alltired out justtry "TIZ." It'sgrana Your feet will dance with joy;no more pain in corns, callouses andbunions. There's nothing like "TIZ."It's the only remedy that draws outall the poisonous exudations whichpuff up your feet and cause foot torture. Get a 25 cent box of "TIZ" at anydrug or department- store don't wait.Ah! how glad your feet get; how comfortable your shoes feel. You canwear shoes a size smaller if- you desire. (No. 3-fri)HOW TO GET STRENGTHafter any sickness is purely a matter ofnourishment, whether the attack wasan ordinary cold or severe illness; theweakened forces cannot repulse diseasegerms, and this is why a relapse is so.often fatal or why chronic weakness oftenfollows sickness.Restoring strength to millions of peoplefor forty years has proven the real needfor talcing Scott's Emulsion after anysickness; nothinjr equals it nothingcompares with U .ts pure, medicinalnourishment, free from alcohol or opiates,promptly creates rich blood, strengthens.he nerves and lungs to avert' tuberculosis.IS!Opportunity Knocks But Once atYour Door. It is Knotkins"TODAY"Now is the time to think of your nextWinter's Coal.Cheaper now than any time duringthe r. Avail yourselves now.Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St.M&Q9&Z&mSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, JUNE r, 1914$1 .25RoundTripSPECIALLeaves GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.A NEAT BARBER SHOP.Mr. 'Carl Crawford has opened up anew and cozy barber shop at the corner of Fourth and Main streets. Newfurniture, sterilizers, hot water heaters, etc. Mr. Crawford and anothercapable barber are in charge and areready to take 'care of the wnts of theparticular men. Mr. Crawford invitesall his old customers and the generalpublic to visit him in his new place.(24-tf). ' A&KW-J iM 2Wfei'J W TS-mK xViwthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important In thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacraae oii rennea to perfection.Costs no more than the inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL in.barrels direct from our works.Cfias. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto Oil.INSURANCEAGAINSTFIRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINTON,AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, seeme.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamrIedicine Co.has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women "who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxton' Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.Both Phones 140fcaBVRoamlTripTRAINCANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 year practice reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.J:II Spruce UpNowi& the time to. haveyour wearing- apparel cleaned and put in order, forSpring.We Do the WorkRight.Comparison will aftordyou an opportunity tojudge.Give Us a Trial.ELECTRICRY GLEAN1G GO.C&hal 4 AppIegate,.Props.627 Main St., Paris, Ky.!Curtis&OvertyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)"3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold .Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pat :ronage Solicited.Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street".Offire Phones fuince rnones j Home m .Residence 5 E-T. 334.tcesiaence Home 234K. A. H KELIiEK,Practicing Physician,Offices,4Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's.Bld gParis - - KentnckjJ J. WTLXilAMS, ,-ATTORNEY-AT-LAWRoom 1 Elki Building.25&...Vv-i. --THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY-JUNE 2, r 1914JiiDesigneS :and -Patented -J1867S2'-?cy,Twenty-seven Years Agothe first Cortright Metal Shingles were put on.TheStandardEver SinceII 1They're still on still in good condition, andthe only attention they've had is an occasionalcoat of paintIn addition to the lasting qualities, they'reFireproof, Stormproof and inexpensive.For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.tt titiMw aamXP&STRAWBERRIESThe Finest on the MarketRECEIVED DAILYALSOAll the VegetablesOf the SeasonGOVERNMENT CAMPAIGNAgainst Promotors of GeRich QuickSchemes.KENTUCKY PRESSMEETING PROGRAM.OUR LINE OFCanned GoodsCannot Be ExcelledN. A. MOORE.:Sauer's Old StandrfWfKbliKtaaHEEVCOUNTY COURT DAYS.Below is a list of tlie days CountyCourts are held each month in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawreceaurg, 3d Monday.Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, ltt Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Breathitt, Jackson, 4th Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Henry, Newcastle, 1st Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, md Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday.Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Monday. Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday.Oldham, Lagrange, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Pendleton, Falmoucn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wayne, Montecello, 4th Monday.Woodford, Versailles. 4th MondayCAUTIOUSDarkey Didn't Want to Get in BadWith the Government.II I 1P1 M J B LUI3L1 131 lkli i fj i i i -wjfins nnnliratlon soothes and heals a roughn:rrr.i...i:n .i.j urhinrrp9trrf-niiicldvefFectsa cure. Eczema. Erysipelas, Tetter, Ulcers andall skin diseases yield to its curative properties.Sue a box. At au uruggisis.Send lor free atnplo and bock. "Health and Beauty."JOHNSTON, HOLLOWAT wi.,1730 Sarins CarriR St.. PMIa., P.'aMHfi'jkfe.K i "T,!SLAGtLast Saturday was tough on theroosters in Mercer county. About550 chanticleers were brought to Harrodsburg and were bought by the Ice& Produce Company, the managerspaying the same price for them as fora fine fat pullet. One man who sawthe bunch said that they seemed torealize that their doom was sealed,for they were the most dejected looking lot he ever saw. A funny thinghappened in connection with thiswholesale rooster delivery. A colored "gemman" brought in seven oreight big roosters and when the managers asked if that was all he had,he answered, "Yes, boss, dis am thevery last solitary one we owned."The next day he was back bright andearly, very much worried, and approached the manager of the plant."Boss," he pleaded, "please sail, rubmy name off'n dat book. I done madea mistake. De ole lady and me wuztalkin' dis thing over las' night andwe don't want ter git in no trubblewid the guv'mint. Ef de guv'mintorders everybody ter sell all de roosters de yowns, we don't" want ter be'rested fer misrepresentin' things. Ididn't bring all de roosters we had.We'se got seven or eight more.Please rub my name off, boss, an' putit down straight. De ole lady an' mehas decided we don't want ter monkey wid the guv'mint." The oldcouple had mistaken the fact that thegovernment station had recommendedpoultry raisers to get rid of the cockerels in their flock for an order compelling them to sell them, and fear ofbeing arrested for a false statementhad driven the old darky back totown to set himself straight with theProduce Company. HarrodsburgHerald.SIMPLEST WAY TO KILL FLY.alVEE EYE SiGOOD FOR THE EYES -AND EYES ONLYEAGLE EYES?Bo you minlc that watery, matteryejes are natural? Do yon oelieeUitLt styes, granulated lids, poorfright, fcrouliis, aro jiatural? VhoEAGLE EYE SAI.l'E and yon HaveEagle Ejes again.For Sale by All Druggists.The London Lancet, the leadingmedical journal of the world, saysthat the best and simplest fly killer isa weak solution of formaldehyde inwater (two teaspoonsfuls to the pint.)Place it in plates or saucers throughout the house. Ten cents worth ofthis liquid will last an ordinary family all summer. It has no offensiveodor, is fatal to disease organismsand is practically non-poisonous except to insects.THE HOUSE FLY ENGINEOF DESTRUCTION.The house fly costs the UnitedStates $350,000,000 a year. In otherwords, he deprives the America peonle annually of 170,000,000 years ofmmei life, or; -4,000,000 lives of the1 I found this -to be the case ofjiese"nt average length.A report of the Chief Inspector ofthe Postoffice Department gave theastonishing information that the get-rich-quickpromotors who had beenput out of business in one year hadseparated their "clients" fromseven-ty-sevenmillion dollars, a lagre proportion of which came from thepurses of credulous women., Here'show some of the traps for the unwary are laid, as told by Mary Hamilton Talbott in the Ladies' World.Why, so the alluring advertisements read, "scrimp and save foryour life time for four per cent, whenyou can so easily double your principal in a year's time by judiciousinvestments?" To the innocent onethis looks very attractive and probable, but she does not stop to thinkthat there are millions of dollars lying idle in the banks of this country,whose owners would snap at a chanceto invest them and have them doublein a year's time. If the investmentsthus advertised were really safe youwould certainly never hear of themTheir management would certainlysend out agents when the man nextdoor has a million dollars to invest athalf the rate they are promising you.The following is merely one of athousand experiences. A few daysago the' husband of my friend died,leaving her with little property, butwith a life insurance policy for $4,000. To live in Washington on theproceeds of that was a task, and sheknew it.Then came the devil and temptedher. He came in the guise of a newspaper advertisement of a wonderfuland guilt-edged investment. It woulddouble her legacy in a year. Morethan that, it would certainly pay dividends beyond her needs. Haste, saidthe messenger of gold, was imperative. She did as directed. She sentevery cent that she had exceptenough to carry her for a month orso, until the golden stream shouldbegin to flow. v She received finelyembossed certificates in return.In calm assurance she waited Sherenewed her rental in a home thatshe had thought of giving up. Then,one morning she read disaster in thenewspaper. In lurid headlines, thetale that meant her undoing wasspread abroad to the public. The people from whom she had bought herstock had been raided by. the UnitedStates Government. The stock itselfwas named as an out-and-out swindle.Her money, she read, would nevercome back.We hear on all sides the samestories, with variations, told over andover again. Ten years ago an oldwhite-haired woman in my own family circle was persuaded to put hermoney . in mining stock, and eachyear since she has been looking forthe dividends promised; instead sheregularly gets literature like this:"We want you to read this telegram;it contains the best news we haveyet received. It tells of the greatexcitement out there over the discovery of another big vein on the property adjoining ours on the east. Ourmine manager proves that the sameseries of veins cross our property."Then follows a description of thework which is going on. Attached tothe letter is a type written copy of themessage from the mine manager tothe promotor on the form used fornight letter telegrams of the telegraph company. It is all so skillfullygotten up that it creates the impression of absolute genuineness, ana nowoften have I heard, after its receipt:"Well, I guess you can't call that afake any longer, when the mine isin actual operation and all thosesplendid veins in sight." Maybe it isno fake, but it has fooled thousandsof women into investing their moneyand has produced no tangible results.The widespread" desire to "makesome money on the side," as well asthe attractions of "being a writer,"have been played upon in the following advertisement, which can be seenin hundreds of papers:"Learn short-story writing by mailin two weeks. Entire course only tendollars. You can earn fame and fortune! Conan Doyle and RudyardKipling get as high as $1,000 a story.Address ."There are in the interior sectionsof the country, and in the cities aswell, any number of persons who believe that story-writing is an accomplishment that may be attainedby following a few rules, much afterthe manner that obtains in developing the muscles or making geraniumsgrow in the back yard. The advertisement reader probably has succeeded in accomplishing the two latter, and can see no reason wliy a person cannot just as easily -"makegood" at short-story writing. Whileit is true that these tutors-by-mailsend a booklet containing a collection of hackneyed "rules for shortstory writing," it is also true thatideas, originality or inspiration, allof which are needed for success inthis work, never enter into the question. "It's the way it looks on the outside, not the idea of what is in it,which counts," is the logic of theseschemers. Aspirants for money anafame rush blindly into the net whichis laid for them, waste time and effortand money in pursuing something forwhich they have not the slightest aptitude and of which they have not the'slightest knowledge,. and are made tolose faith not only m tne worm, dut,,worse still, in themselves. A magazine editor recently revealed t6 ,methe pathetic side of these short-story-writing-taught-by-mailinstitutions byshowing me a letter. It read as follows: "I have just taken a course ofshort-story-writing by mail, and asthey tell me I am their most brilliantscholar, I hope you will take the storyI am sending you." What a story!It was utterly devoid of any sort ofmerit, and of course had to be returned to her. My friend told me theyget in his office hundreds of just suchletters and stories.Thousands of women are caught bythe advertisement:"Write the words of a song and wewill write the music and present itto one of the big New York publishing houses. A hit will make yourich."aThe forty-fifth annual summer meeting of the Kentucky Press Association will be held at Dawson Springs,Ky., June 8 to 12. The program is asfollows :Monday Evening, June 8th.8:30 Called to order by President,John S. Lawrence, Cadiz, Ky.,Invocation by Rev. W. B. Wright,Pastor Dawson Christian Church,Address of Welcome, Will P.Scott, former member of K. P.P.; Response by T. C. Underwood, Hopkinsville New Era;President's annual Address.9 : 30 Invocation.9:40 Reading of Minutes and Report of Secretary-Treasurer, J.C. Adcock, Jeffersontown, Ky.10:00 Taking up Unfinished Business. 10:30 1) Relation of Press to RuralDevelopment, Led by HarryGiovannoli, Lexington Leader.11:00 (a) How to Establish CloserRelations Between Town andCountry, Ed. D. Shinnick, ShelbyRecord.11:10 (b) How to Stamp Out AdultIlliteracy, Mrs. Cora WilsonStewart, Morehead Mountaineer.11:20 (c) The Public School and theCountry Press, Paul M. Moore,' Earlington Bee.11:30 (d) The Farm Demonstratorand the Country Press, LeighHarris, Henderson Journal.11:40 (e) The Public Road and thePublic Press, Robt. J. McBryde,Jr., Louisville Times.11:50 (f) How the Press Can DevelopAgriculture, Harry McCarty,Nicholasville Journal.12 : 00 Adjournment.Wednesday Morning, June 10th.9 : 10 Invocation.9:20 Why at Dawson? J. R. Lemon,Mayfield Messenger.9:40 How I Got the Pie, John J.Berry, Paducah News-Democrat.10:00 The Kentucky Solon, S. M.Saufley, Stanford Inetrior-Jour-nal.. -10:20 The State Press, Lewis C.Humphrey, Louisville EveningPost.10:40 Round Table "Money End ofNewspaper Business." Led by C.S. Clark, Western NewspaperUnion.11:40 Report of Executive Committee and Election of Members.12 : 00 Adjournment.Ball Game in Afternoon.Thursday Morning, June 11th.9 : 30 Invocation.9:40 "Then and Now," Geo. W.Doneghy, Danville Advocate.10:00 Why I am a Member of theKentucky Press Association, L.W. Gaines, Todd County Prog-ress.10:20 Where Politics Ends and Business Begins," Chas. M. Meacham, Hopkinsville Kentuckian.10:40 Round Table "Practical Sideof a Newspaper," Led by HeberMatthews, Hartford Herald,11:30 Election of Officers.12:00 Adjournment.Friday Morning, June 12th.9:30 Invocation.9:40 Final Business Session."Kisses and Good-Byes."CURES STUBBORN,ITCHY SKIN TROUBLES."I could scratch myself to pieces"is often heard from sufferers of Eczema, Tetter, Itch and similar SkinEruptions. Don't Scratch Stop theItching at once with Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment. Its first applicationstarts healing; the Red, Rough, Scaly,Itching Skin is soothed by the Healing and Cooling Medicines. Mrs. C.A. Einfeldt, Rock Island, 111., after using Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment,writes: "This is the first time in nineyears I have been free from thedreadful ailment." Guaranteed. 50cat your druggist.(June)OThe Sherwin-Williams Buggy Paintwas originally made for repainting and re-finishingold buggies, and combines all the toughness, durability, and strength of color necessary to withstandthe hard wear a buggy gets. There's no other paintfor the purpose as good and economical.It's splendid wearing qualities make it alsoadaptable for painting porch and lawn furniture andall articles subject to outside exposure where astrong, gloss finish is wanted.SOLD 1YC. A. DAUGHERTY.iMfmmiK .sm.uwurzo? vr-tMm.' AaMi'mamm$t-ainwwmMfisgMaHis i a t a ssarySaHCdUPHnK' t XI 5-a s "' i. i- J! "rttlririwmmmm.ffiUJ:VMAV"MOWSTSWSDUTYTO BANKMOAVfOfiSWIFE ANDCffLDftFATHa,ve YOU got money in our bank to protect yourLITTLE ONES and your WIFE from want?Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 5 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $100,000.00. Surplus, $40,000.00.J. M. HALL. PresidentC K. THOMAS, cashierL. 5c N. TIME-TABLETHE ANTI-CIGARETTE LAW.June 15th the new anti-cigarettelaw goes into effect. All youthfulusers of cigarettes and all merchantswho sell them will be prosecuted tothe fullest extent of the law.FOR AN IMPAIRED APPETITE.To improve the appetite and tostrengthen the digestion try a fewdoses of Chamberlain's Tablets. Mr.J. H. Seitz, of Detroit, Mich., says:"They restored my appetite when impaired, relieved me of a bloated feeling and caused a pleasant and satisfactory movement of the bowels."For sale by all dealers.(June)The harbor of Hamburg has beenequipped with floating drydocks oftwo types which permit them to raisefrom the water vessels longer thanthe docks themslves.daily bread at a meager salary. Sheworked diligently at her "song-poem"and sent it to the writer of the advertisement. A few days later shewas delighted o receive a courteousletter saying the poem had been accepted. The letter contained: "Yoursong contains that element of humaninterest that usually appeals to andholds the ear of the music-lovingpublic. I am confident that ' with asuitable setting it would be acceptedby a publishing house in this city."And all this was to cost her only tendollars. It looked as if the settingwas considered suitable, for in ashort time a music-publishing firmwrote her and said her song set tomusic had been recommended to themfcr publication by the first-namedcompany, which they would do forforty dollars. Theletter empathizedthe wonderful results they had obtained for other "artists;" also thevast' sum they spent in advertisingand, too, they made a great featureof their music parlor, where musicians were invited to play over thesongs brought out by them. Greatlypleased that she was on the verge ofbecoming rich and famous as a songwriter, she agreed to the propositionand sent the money. In return forthe fifty dollars expended she receiv-EFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trains ArriveNo. FROM ' "34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily :521aiiy134 Lexington, Ky., Daily !!!!!5:18am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y ,7:35am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.. !!!'7:3Sam10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .". 7:45 any40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday " 7 J42 anv37 Cincinnati, O., Daily t 9:38 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday s ...10:20am;12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily ; 10:24 an26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:io pny9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:15 pm138 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:33 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:30 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily . 5:35pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily -.. 6:18pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:23 pn31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pnTreiixis IDeiosirtNo. TO34 Cincinnati, O., Daily 5:28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:35 am7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:47 an40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7;50am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7 : 50 am29 Lexington, -Ky., Daily 9:43am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9:45 aia33 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily 10:29 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:27 am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily ' 12:05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:04 an13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:33 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3:40 pi9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:56 pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5: 58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily '. ; 6:28-pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:25pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ; 6:40 pm31 Lexington. Ky., Daily 10:55 pm131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:57pmdrains A.rriveNo. FROM ,t2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:40 ab4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily "Except Sunday 5:50tdTreiiisIDe-girt! . .No. TO1 Frankkfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8 : 30 an.3 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,..-. 6:25 psjr1 ed as her onlv "rovaltv" a navmentwoman 1 knewwho worked'Vfor her of fifty cents in stamps. tDuroc Jersey BoarsNice lot young boars. Eligible toregistry. Come and get first choice.SIDNEY G. CLAY,E. Tf.Ehone 756,(12-3t v i .Paris, Ky.J. S. Wallingford, I. D.office on Sixth StreetBetween Main and Higli,Phones31 PARISjr KY,-fi04 -frJ 1-4-?- -rJtKji C" rrs-VVjTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, KY JUNE 2 1914&5Thomas & WoodfordFire, Wind,Lightning Insurance!Protect Your Growing ITobacco Against jHAIL !Only First-Class CompaniesRepresentedDEATHSThe nieteen-months-old daughterof Mr. and Mrs. R. T. Robertson diedof whooping-cough at their home nearJacksonville, this county, Saturday,and was buried in the JacksonvilleCemetery Tuesday afternoon.CHILDREN DAY AT 'PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.!'(Dnn't WnrrvYourself During theHot Weather!But Come in and We Will Suggesta Quick and Easy Meal for You.Sliced Ham,Minced Ham,Dried, Beef, ,Bologna, . .Imported Swiss Cheese,Brick Cheese,Pimento Cheese,Snappy Cheese,N. Y. Cream CheeseCanned Meats of All Kinds.Stone's Famous Silver Slice Cakes.1T. C. LENIHAKCash Grocery.1 Both Phones 234-STOCK AND FARM NOTES.Wm. Whaley, of Paris, purchasedseveral fancy bunches of cattle atWinchester, paying in the neighborhood of $7 per hundred pounds.M. H. Vice, of Montgomery county, Ky., sold last week to J. L. Robins,of Bourbon county, twenty-threelambs, averaging about 70 pounds.The price was 7 cents a pound.The show mare, Bourbon Queen,foaled on May 22, a black colt by PatWashington, owned by W. E. Stilwell,of Chilesburg, Ky., with star, snip andtwo white hind feet that looks like awinner. rR. J. Burton, of Bryantsville, Ky.,recently purchased six head of yearing mules from Squire James Bourneat $90 per head. Four of them weremares and two horses. Mr. Burtonhas put them on grass on his farmnorth of the city.Mr. Geo. Reynolds, of Bourborfcounty, has purchased from C. R.Walls, of near Little Rock, the six-year-oldsaddle mare, Dolly Stamper7344. She is by Crown Prince 2626, agrandson of Harrison Chief 1606. Herdam is a daughter of Ringo's King.A well-known race horse ownersaid to a veterinary surgeon: "Howis it you haven't called on me foryour account?, "Oh," said the vet, "Inever ask a gentleman for money.""Indeed! Then how'd you get on ifhe don't pay?" "Why, after a certaintime I conclude he's not a gentleman,and then I ask him."COL. TAYLOR PAYSRECORD PRICE FOR CATTLE.The biggest deal in Hereford cattleever made in the United States wasclosed Friday afternoon, when Col. B.H. Taylor, of Frankfort, paid to W.H." Curtice, of Shelby county, $20,000for one two-year-old bull, Beau Perfection XXIV, eighteen cows, oneyearling heifer and one calf. Theprice at which the bull was figured,$12,400 makes him the highest pricedanimal of his breed ever sold inAmerica. In celebration of the event,Col. Milne, who is the manager ofCol. Taylor's cattle department, gavea banquet to the Hereford cattle menof this country at Hollanbach's Friday night, at which eighteen werepresent. The cattle will be shippedto Col. Taylor's farm in Woodfordcounty."Children's Day was appropriately 2observed Sunday, at the Presbyterian1Viiw1i T-Tr an nfoT'Dofinor nrntrramUUUiVillf Uj CHI 1UI.&1 vouu ji vsi tixxi tunuer me uueuuuii ut mis. w. a.Johnson and Superintendent Geo. R.Bell. The church was tastefully decorated and was filled with interestedspectators. Miss Elizabeth Crutcherpresided at the organ. The programwas as follows:Processional and motional exercisesby primary children.Welcome Address Louise Dailey.Song, "God is Love" The Choir.Recitation "The Good of Nations."Solo and Chorus, "For Children'sDay" Josephine Fithian.Recitation, "Questions" Four littleboys.Recitation Jack Brennan and Ed.Meringer.Recitation and Song, "Seed Baskets" By boys.Recitation Jesse Turney.Chorus "Ye Are Little Showers."Recitation, "Forget-Me-Nots" Fivelittle girls.Recitation and Song, "Shall theWorld Be Made the Better" Constance Hill and Donnie Cahill.Recitation, "Ye Are My Friends"Four liltte boys.Recitation, "Smile It Down"Rachel McClinton.Solo, " Serving Jesus" MarjorieTrisler."Sowing and Reaping" Older girls.Chorus "Love Divine."Recitation, "Show Your Love"Mary Shive.This was an appeal for an offeringand met with a genuine response.The children of the primary classcontributed over $12 for a scholarshipin the college at Yeng Cheng, China,the children's missionary society gave$10, and these sums were augmentedby contributions from the otherclasses and from the congregation.Annie Louise White, Irene Bramblett, Dannie Cahill, Preston Whiteand James McClintock received theordinance of baptism. The benediction was pronounced after a closingnumber by the choir.CLOSING EXERCISES OFPARIS HIGH SCHOOLTHEATRGALtJNOTICE TO STOCKMEN.List your stock in M. J. Murphy'smonthly combination sales. Plenty of"buyers always on hand. We can sellyour "horses, mules, ponies, cows, catitle, hogs, sheep and poultry at good' prices. Next sale will be held oil Mon&y, June 1, county court day.(21ap-tf)See the Cake Walk !Don't fail to see the old-fashionedSouthern Cake Walk at the BourbonCounty Fair Grounds by the Bourbon331ack Blitzens onFriday, June 2th.White ladies and gentlemen arecordially invited, and a special section will be reserved for them. Welis.ve positive guarantee of good order3rom our Chief of Police Fred Link.BOURBON BLACK BLITZENS.PUBLIC SALEAt the Alamo To-night.At the Alamo this afternoon and tonight will be presented the stirringfilm drama "In the Line of Duty,"-ttense overpowering drama that just escapes tragedy by a happy twistteeming with thrilling and unexpected situations. "In the Line of Duty"is a drama of military life in India,featuring the famous emotional actress, Rita Sacchetto, in motionpictures. This ditinguished actresshas scored a distinct triumph in thisfour-part production and demonstrates her versitility as an emotionalactress, classical dancer and pantomimist. This is one of the best four-reel features to be seen on the Alamo s screen tins season, and shouldbe seen by everyone. (adv)The commencement exercises of theParis High School began this weekwith the baccalaureate sermon delivered Sunday evening at the ChristianChurch by Elder W. E. Ellis to theclass of 1914, in the presence of alarge audience. Monday evening theJuniors gave a reception, to the Seniors at the school building, which wasgreatly enjoyed by those participat-inn" T'Ho palnndar fny fho iamon1iW the week is as follows:Tuesday evening, Annual Concertat the Paris Grand, at 8 o'clock.Wednesday, class day exercises atthe auditorium.Thursday evening, 8 o'clock, graduation exercises at the auditorium. Address to the class by Rev. Geo. HHarris, rector of St. Peter's EpiscopalChurch.Presentation of diplomas by Dr. F.L. Lapsley, Secretary of the Board ofEducation.The following have completed thecourse and will receive diplomas:Miss Ruth Chambers, Mr. WayneCottingham, Mr. Eli Friedman, MissRuth Lair, Mr. Joseph Letcher, MissSarah Meglone, Mr. Edward Myall,Miss Malvina Sharon, Mr. AllenSmith, Mr. John Stuart, Miss Gertrude Turpin, Mr. Sello Wollsteinand Mr. John Ardery.ttttll iliiii a-Z. -w w -w w W VWolf, file 8 Go.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington,KentuckyClearance of AllSpring Suits IFor Women IEvery woman who can use a new Suit thisj Spring should avail herself of the remarkably lowprices that are offered in our CA&aranre Salgoing on.Our entire stock of lightweight Spring WoolenSuits are on sale at drastically lowered prices-abouta third less than usual.The depth of reductions is shown by the following low prices:All $1 7.50 and $20.00 SuitsReduced to .All $25.00 to $30.00 SuitsReduced toX AH $35.00 to $45.00 SuitsReduced toAll $50.00 to $85.00 SuitsReduced toS12.75$19.75$25.00$32.50Alterations FreeHWolf, Wile d Co.formerly Jaufman, Straus dc Co.Lexington, K-y. I.mmwmwmmmwmmmmwmmmmI...We Are Now Showing...OFHousehold and SchoolFurniture.Notice !All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mahala Brent, deceased,are requested to present them property proven to the undersigned AdminJatrator on or before July 1, 1914.All persons indebted to MahalaBrest, .deceased, are requested to call. uie unaersigueu uuu matteipt settlement.JAMES MACON,iM-U-Got) Administrator.Dissolution Notice.Tfc firm of Browner & Johnson is$Mm 4ay dissolved by mutual consent.Mr. Browner retires from the firm andMr. Johmson will conduct the business1a his own name. All accounts dueto tfce firm of Browner & Johnson aremarabfe to Johnson, who also assumesthe payment of outstanding obligations. That the business will continue Jbo enjoy the liberal patronage oftse public, is the sincere wish of bothyrt1 hereto. Respsctfully,GEO. W. BROWNER.JNO. JOHNSON.CIS)ONWednesday, Jane 3, 1914,beginning at 9 a. m., I will sell atBOURBON COLLEGEall my household and school furniture,consisting ofBed room suites;Mattings;Linoleums;Marquette and velvet carpets:Rugs; H 'Handsome Library and parlor suites;Pianos;Bookcases;School furniture;Dinine: roonVahd' kitchen furniture,etc. -TERMS Madesale.known on day ofMRS. M. G. THOMSON,Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.STRAYEDFrom the farm of Dr. William Kenney, on the Lexington pike, Saturdaynight, one black or brown horse mule.Large wart on foreleg. Informationas to whereabouts sliould be communicated tO 7CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK,- , Paris, Ky.The Alamo Thursday.For the matinee an evening ofThursady, June 4, the Alamo will prosent the sensational pictures of thegreat Mexican War, showing the genuine battles at Juarey, Mesa Tiera,Blanca and Ojinaga.These pictures were made by Dr.Chas. A. Pryor, Associated Press reporter and motion picture expert. Dr.; Pryor made pictures during all battles on both sides and at one time wasarrested and placed in prison, sentenced to be shot and eventually released by Gen. Castro. These pictures show the following interestingfeatures: 4,500 feet showing both theFederals and Rebels in action; close-up pictures of Gen. Vila and staff, therefugees fleeing for their lives acrossthe Rio Grande, search and arrest byour soldier boys.Physicians and RedCross Society doctoring the wounded,burying the dead, Uncle Sam feeding5,000 Federal prisoners. Shows themany classes of people in this warburdened country. Educational, instructive and entertaining to old andyoung. m (adv)ROBBERIES BECOMINGVERY SERIOUS.In nearly all of the large daily papers, as .well as the country weeklies,printed in Kentucky can be found columns of reports of hold-ups, robberies, burglaries and other devilmentwhich is beginning to cause much apprehension among the people. It isthe general belief that this trouble iscaused by the convicts recently liberated from the State prisons underthe parole law.In several instances guilty partieshave been arrested, and in nearly every case the culprits prove to be recently liberated convicts. ' The newlaw known as the indeterminate sentence law, is likewise causing muchtrouble from the fact that the impression has become general that aconvicted man can soon slip throughthe fingers of justice by "being good"for a short time. The new law is acomplete farce.The trouble in Central Kentuckycounties has "been caused mostly bynegroes imported from the SouthernStates to work in the constructioncamps along the line of the Louisville& iasnviiie. Tiiese negroesmostly from Alabama.The newest and smartest Pumps in Patent,Dull Kid and Gun Metal, in Colonial andBulgarian styles, with the new Louis and SpoolHeels.Also.Baby Doll Pumps in Patent and GunMetal. Come to us to be fitted.areNEGRO BOY ARRESTEDFOR HOUSEBREAKING.The Columbia To-morrow.The Columbia Theater presents asits chief feature to-morrow afternoonand evening a three-reel production ofthe famous Grimms fairy tale, "Hansel & Gerthel." This is a remarkablybeautiful version of this famous story,full of heart throbs and spirited action. You will see the children's favorites, "Matty and Baby Early" inthis beautiful fairy tale done in pictures. Renew your youth fce seeingthis delightful three-reel feature tomorrow afternoon or evening. (adv)FOR THE SWEETGIRL GRADUATENo matter what you buy for theyoung girl graduate, if it comes fromWinters' she will be pleased.(19-tf) .Charles Becker, convicted of -complicity in the death of Herman Rosenthal, was sentenced to die July 6. Heis back in the "deathhouse" at SingSing.Increases amounting to $10,000,000have been madem' the Rivers andHarbors Bill by he Senate. CommerceCommittee over the , estimate madeby the House.4 " ,Officers Judy and King arrestedDennis Leer, colored, Saturday, charged with housebreaking. Leer enteredthe home of Mr. Ed. Rule in WhiteAddition during the temporary absence of the family, and after appropriating all of the loose changeand a pair of trousers, secreted himself in a clothes press, where he wassubsequently discovered by Mrs.Rule, and turned over to the officers.The' home of Mr. John Barnett in thesame neighborhood, was entered theday before and relieved of $4 in smallchange, and Leer is suspected of having had his; fingers in that.' Leer was brought before JudgeMcMillan yesterday afternoon, and.plead not guilty. His trial was setfor trial this morning.PhcwmGeo. Mc Williams,Phones 301The Shoe ManImJEXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITYFOR THE INVESTOR.Elsewhere in this issue appears thead. of Prof. W. L. Yerkes offering forsale his desirable residence, and iotsadjoining, corner of Eleventh andMain. This is exceptionally well-locatedfor erection of apartmenthouses, being on trolley line, near L.& N. station, and near business centef. See ad. (lQ-tlf1There is said to be one rat to everyacre of ground in England and Wales,causing a loss to farmers estimatedJ at $73,000,000 annually.PUBLIC SALEorDesirable Frame Resid enceAnd About Four Acres of Land. .' 'Having determined to move to Florida on account of my continued ilbhealth, I will sell at public auction, on the premises, on - , .. TUESDAY; JUNE 9, 1914 , . V.beginning at 3 o'clock p. m., the fol-lowing Paris real estate- !'My two-story frame residence, located ut the corner of Cypress andBoone Streets. The house is a substantial two-story frame structure containing eight rooms, presses, front, side and back porches, dry cellar ' goodcistern, sewer in and connected, andconcrete pavements. The buildinis considered of first-class material and is an ideal home. The lot has afrontage of 60 feet on Cypress street, and extends back 200 feet to an alley. On the rear of the lot is a substnatial and roomy stable.Also, about four acres of land in the rear of the residence. This landis located on both sides of Boone Street, and can be sub-divided intotwelve building lots.The residence will first be offered separately; then about two jcres ofland on the South of Boone Street will be offered; then the two acres ofland on the north side of Boone Street Then the four acres will be offered as a whole, after which the entire property, including the residenceand four acres of land land will be offered. The best bids or bid will thenbe accepted for the property.TERMS Easy, and made known on the day of sale.Anyone interested in this property is invited to call and inspect thepremises before the day of sale. For further information, call onJOHN TARRf, Or Harris & Speakes, Agents.-Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer, f ' Paris, Kentucky.-.&y i. J ' , - - V ,f --'i",.,J.THE BOURBON - NEWS,' PARIS, KENTUCRY; JUNE 2 1914. ' wE4jrfaLi,' mWt&jfahtmimm 1HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADETobacco insuranceagainst EiaiE. SeeRoxie Eavis. 26tfPROMOTED TO CITY REPORTER.air. W. A. Hill, who has been connected with the mechanical department of the Bourbon News for a number of years, has been promoted tothe position of City Reporter. Mr.Hill is an experienced newspaperman. He will appreciate his friends"putting him next" to anything in thenews line.FOR PRESERVING.Plenty of cherries and strawberriesfor preserving.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.DECORATION DAY NOTGENERALLY OBSERVED.Decoration Day here was not generally. The banks and postofficewere closed, and the only public observance was by the Gs A. R. post(colored) of this city.THE HAPPIEST PERIODSOCIAL HD PERSONALMrs. P. C. Reed is spending theweek in Richmond.Miss Elizabeth Yerkes has returned from a visit in Danville.Mr. Robt. P. Walsh, of Mt. Sterling, was a visitor in Paris yesterday.Among the court day visitors yesterday was ex-Judge N. H. McNew, ofCarlisle.Miss Carolin Roseberry will bethe guest of friends in Danville - forcarnival.Mrs. Herbert E. Wright, of Elizabeth, New Jersey, is a guest of Mrs.Claude Ratliff.Mr. Gilbert Lytle was the guestof his brother, Mr. John Lytle, in Cincinnati, Sunday.Mrs. William I. Goodwin and son,of Lexington, are guests of Mr. andMrs. John Davis.The happiest period in the life of aboy or girl is when they graduate.They expect gifts from their friends.Winters has the gifts that will please.If in doubt what to get let Winterssuggest. (19-tf)HONOR CONFERRED ONDR. MARTHA PETREE.Dr. Martha Petree, of Paris, waselected Secretary of the KentuckyOstepathic Society, at a meeting ofthe association held in the parlors ofthe Hotel Henry Waterson, in Louisville, last week.SEED CORN.Carefully selected seed corn, testedfor germination. Good. Phones 84.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.t JC21-3 wks) Paris, Ky.A SMALL FIRE ONCARNIVAL GROUNDS.An alarm from Box . 22, Saturdaynight, brought the fire department tothe carnival grounds onthe city lot,where a pile of refuse had been set onfire. The fire occasioned some excitement among the crowds, but didno damage.fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.PARISIAN BUYS NEWMcFARLAN AUT0M03ILE.The McFarlan Six Sales Company,of Lexington, reports the sale of aspecially built four passenger touringcar, 90 horse power with special features to George Williams Clay, ofParis. This car will be one of thelatest patterns ever seen in the BlueGrass. It is Mr. Clay's second .McFarlan.HIGH SCHOOL PUPILSWILL RENDER CANTATA.The students of the High School,assisted by some of the best local talent in the city and by the HighSchool orchestra, will render thebeautiful cantata, "Ruth," at -the Opera House to-night at 8 o'clock. Theproduction will be under the directionof Miss Wiard, Superintendent ofMusic in the school.CHANCE FOR GOOD REALESTATE INVESTMENTS.The John Tarr property to be soldat auction on Tuesday, June 9, byHarris & Speakes, is one of the bestlocated piece of real estate in thecity, and the' purchaser will be putting money into something safe andsubstantial. (2-3t)BOARD. FIXES VALUES OFHOME CORPORATIONS.The capital of the following corporations doing business in Bourboncounty, was, fixed at a meeting of theState Board of Valuation and Assessment, held in Frankfort last week:Paris Gas & Electric Company, $75,000; Bourbon County Home Telephone Company, $35,000; Adams Express Company, 600,000; CentralKentucky Natural Gas. Company?875,000.U. D. C. WILL OBSERVEMEMORIAL DAY.The Richard Hawes Chapter, U. D.C, will observe Wednesday, June 3,as Memorial Day. The members willassemble at the court house at 3:30p. m. and go to the cemetery withflowers to decorate the graves of theConfederate dead. Appropriate exercises will be held at 4 o'clock and allConfederate veterans and friends areinvited to be presentPORCH SHADES 'We sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.A. F. WHEELER & CO.(5-tf)APPOINTED ADMINISTRATOROF COULTHARD ESTATE.County Judge C. A. McMillan hasappointed E. Clark Fritts, of Lexington, administrator of the estate of thelate Mrs. Margaret Hall Coulthard, ofBourbon County. Mr. Fritts, who is ason-in-law of the deceased, qualified,giving bond in the sum of $10,000,with W. H. and S. F. Coulthard andMrs. E. C. Fritts as surety.C. K. Thomas, George Doyle andFay Ardery were appointed as appraiser of the estate. rMr. J. F. McCarthy has returnedfroma visit to Mr. and Mrs. Dempsey, in Hazard, Ky.Miss Sarah Thompson, who hasbeen attending school in Danville, willreturn home to-day.Mrs. Charles Wilmoth and MissMarguerite Douglas are visiting relatives near Hutchison.Miss Katheine Meglone has returned from Midway, where she hasbeen attending school.Miss Nell Whaley, of Mt. Sterling, is a guest of her father, Mr. H.C. Whaley, and family.MrsrClarence Kenney is recuperating at Massie Memorial Hospital, after a slight operation.Mr. and Mrs. Russell Tarr, ofTampa, Fla., are guests of Mr. andMrs. John Tarr, on Cypress street.Miss Katherine Weathers entertained very delightfully Friday evening at her home in the country witha dancing party.Mr. and Mrs. James Erringer anddaughter, of Chicago, were visitors inParis, last Friday. Mr. Erringer is aformer resident of Paris.Dr. and Mrs. B. M. Shive had asguest, Saturday, Mr. Geo. Turner, ofCampbellsville, Ky., who is a studentat Central University, in Danville.Mrs. Mona Moore and MissChlora Ross have returned to Covington after a pleasant visit to relativesand friends in this city and county.Mr. Clay Ward has returned fromK. M. I., where he has been a student.He is entertaining Mr. William Peck,of Grand- Rapids, Mich., a fellow-student.Mr, Clyde Atchison, who hasbeen connected with the installationwork of the L. & N.'s new block signal system with headquarters in Parishas been transferred to Lagrange, hisformer homeMrs. Harry Simon, who underwent a serious operation at the Jewish Hospital in Cincinnati last week.has l allied from the effects and isgreatly improved.Mrs. O. L Brock, wife of Mr. O".L. Brock, manager of the Paris Loan& Trust Co., was taken to St. JosephHospital, at Lexington, Saturday, fortreatment for typhoid fever.Among the Paris guests whowere present at the reception givenin Lexington, Friday evening by Col.and Mrs. John R. Allen, in honor ofMrs. Allen's brother, Mr. Henry T.Duncan, were Miss Kate Alexander,Dr. and Mrs. Frank Fithian and Mr.Reu,ben Hutchcraft.The Bourbon Dancing Club hasissued inviations announcing its annual June Dance, to be held at Elks'Hall, on Monday evening, June 15.Music will be furnished by Smith'sSaxaphone Trio.Mr. Davis Hutchcraft, of Louisville, who has been visiting his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Hutchcraft,in East Paris, left yesterday forFrankfort, where he will take a position on the State Journal.Miss Nellie Lovely, formerly ofParis, who has for some time beencounter cle'rk and cashier at theWestern Union Telegraph Co.' Lexington office, has resigned her position, and will take a summer vacation. Miss Myra Jacoby entertainedthe following week-end house party ather home near Hutchison: MissesEliza Clay Mason, Mary Stagg, Rebecca Redmon, Totsie Gregory, Elizabeth Lair, Lavina Layson, (Millersburg.) Mrs. John Williams has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Richmond.Mr. and Mrs. Lenox Rose, of Newark. N. J will arrive this wTeek to bethe guest of Mr. and Mrs. James H.Thompson, at "Woodlawn Villa," anaMrs. Sidney G. Clay at "The Grange."Miss Harriet Rogers, the attractive daughter of Mr. and Mrs. WarrenRogers, was hostess to a very charm- Jing house party at tneir loveiy country home, which was ended Monday.Quite a number of lovely parites weregiven in their honor.Among the former students present at the Class Day exercises, reunion and luncheon at Margaret College,in Versailles, last week, were MissesMarie Talbott, Ellen Towles and Mildred Lisle, 'of Paris. Miss MatildaJames, of Paris, was one of theQueen's party at the Crowning ofMiss McLeod, as Queen of May onthe College Campus.- Mr. Roger Q: Thompson, of Columbia, South Carolina, "has beenJ a guest of relatives in Bourbonand Fayette counties tne past lewdays. Mr. Thompson, who was formerly engaged in the shoe business inParis, is now traveling for an Eastern shoe firm, and is just returningfrom an extended Western trip, enroute for his vacation at Columbia.Mr. Cassius Clay, son of Mrs. C.M. Clay, of uear Paris, will graduatewith high class honors in the class of1914, at the Taft School, in MassachusBtts, June 11. The class is composed. Of forty graduates, and thatMr. Clay should fc carry off the classhonors is a compliment to his studious efforts. Mr. Clay has contributedto the, May number of the "Taft Oracle," the -college publication, twocharming stories, both bearing theimpress of real literary merit. Former President Taft's son is a member of the graduating class of theschool.Mr. L. Grinnan is visiting hisbrother, Mr. Dan Grinnan, in Louisville. Mrs. .Lee Masterson has' returnedto her heme in this city after a visitwith Mrs. C. C. Robbins, in Winchester. Miss Sara Daniels has returned toher home near Paris, after serving asJnstructor in the musical department"of the Lancaster Graded School.Mrs. W. E. Williams and littledaughter, Margaret, have returned totheir home in Jackson, Ky., after avisit to relatives in Paris and Bourboncounty.Miss Virginia Jouett, of Louisville, who has been the guest of hersister, Mrs. Withers Davis, left forWinchester yesterday where she willvisit friends.Misses Matilda James, Marie Talbott, Carolyn Roseberry, FrancesChampe, Mrs. Frank M. Clay and Mrs.Lee Price will be guests of friends inDanville for the carnival.The Morehead School of Musicwill hold its commencement in theSunday School .room of the Presbyterian Church, Friday evening. A cordial invitation is extended to all to attend the exercises.Mr. M. R. Rankin, of Columbus.Ohio, is visiting friends in this cityand county. Mr. Rankin is connectedwith the Harris-Forbes Trust Company, of Chicago, and is on a vacation trip.The Lagrange correspondent inthe Sunday Lexington Herald says:"Mr. E. Phillips Smith, formerly ofour town, but now of Paris, Ky.,has been notified of a promotion to aposition with the company in the engineering department at Pensacola, Fla.He will leave about June 15 to assumehis new duties and will work withhis brother, Mr. Leander Smith, whowent there from Paris some time agoand is assistnat to the chief engineer.ATEND THIS SALE.)On Wednesday, June 3, beginningat 9' p. ni., Mrs. M. G. Thompson willsell all the household and school furniture of Bourbon College at publicauction. A rare chance will be offered buyers to secure some nice bargains in this line. Everything -will,be disposed of. 29-ltNOTICE TO MAIN STREETPROPERTY OWNERS.Property owners, ortheir tenants, on MainStreet, who contemplatemaking gas, water orsewer connections, arehereby notified to makesaid connections withinthe next ten days.No one will be permitted to tear ud MainStreet for the purpose ofmaking said connectionsafter the new bituminousstreet is completed.Paris, Ky., May 27, 1914.J. T. HINTON, Mayor.IREAL ESTATE THE VERYBEST INVESTMENT.You cannot invest money in anything safer than real estate something that always "makes good." Goto the sale of the John Tarr property,on Cypress street, Tuesday, June 9.Choice building lots and fine homewill be offered at auction by Harris &Speakes. (2-3t)MISS ROBBINS REPORTSCITY SCHOOL CENSUS.Miss Mabel Robbins, County Superintendent of Schools, has completedand forwarded to State Superintendent of Schools Hamlett, at Frankfort,a report of the census of the ParisCity Schools. The census shows atotal of 5,134 children of school agein the city limits, of whom 167 whiteshave completed the common schoolcourse and 179 are in private schools.Nine white and three colored . illiterate children are enumerated in thelist. In the colored list 134 childrenhave completed the common schoolcourse and two are in private schools.Remarkable June SalePureOpenKettleRenderedLard$6.00per 50 lb. canThis Week OnlyBaldwinBroyParis, IverituckyBoth 'Phones32OWING TO OUR LARGE SPRING BUSINESSWE WERE FORCED TO DUPLICATEOUR ORDERS ONSilks, Challis aridWash GoodsHowever, you will find patterns and styles that aredifferent; values that you willwill sayare unsurpassedOur Dress Trimming and Lace StruckCannot be equaled in this part of the StateWhen it comes to LACE CURTAINS, DRAPERIESand RUGS we are right there we have the goods.iW. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.MmmMimmmmMiii8HtiMHHtt5A"y64-m-fcyO.'-jr.nn.w(!e :jaLadies' DiamondRingsGenuine Cut Stones, Bright andSparkling, Mounted in14k Hand-Made SettingsSpecial Values at$10.00 and $12.50 .C. O. HINTONJ OftMtdftt ttStlttM ttaWHave been arranging for this salefor months. Enormous reductions,wonderful values the most importantsale we have held in years.'All 1st quality goods.Ice Cream Freezers, Water Coolers,Curtain Stretchers, Window Shades,Table Oil Cloth. Screen Windows andDoors, Screen Wire.Here are some great values inGranite Ware all pieces labeledone thousand pieces in the lot. Allgood values as long as they lastONLY 5 CENTS EACH.Gold Frame Mirrors, large size, 98c;Genuine Edison Malda Electric Tungsten Lamps, 40 watt each, 30, 60 wattat 40c, one hundred watt at 70c; GasMantels, upright, at 6c; Infants' Bathing Pans, 22 inches across the top, infirst quality Granite, each 39c.A TREMENDOUS SAVING EVENT.The Fair!! aafooaaf m 9Jk n sBLTTi A iT ill ill I1IIk r"90E fwtKeep aKodak Record.The pictures made so easilywill tell the child story for yearsto,come. -We will be glad to explain thesimple Kodak way in picturemaking it's all bydaylight.Kodaks, $6.00 to $20.00.Brownie Cameras, $1.00 to $12.00THE J. T. HINTON CO.The BestareAlwaystheCheapestA Don't EndangerYourHealthWith aCheapRefrigeratorDaughertyBros.THE ODORLESSREFRIGERATORJust Received Now on Display.You have heard of this great Refrigerator. We want you to see them andknow what they are. YOUR SATISFACTION IS GUARANTEED.AIL Odorless Refrigerators are cased with the most carefully selected and'thoroughly KILN DRIED OAK; not ash stained to imitate oak, but genuine oakitself , the material used. in all high.grade Refrigerators and imitated in all others.The Odorless is also lined with LINOFELT and it is NAILED in place, andhito stay where it is. put. The Odorless is made in both the White Enamel andthe Porcelain genuine lined. Will you let us show you these great Refrigerators?If you want a cheaper Refrigerator we have it. Come to-day.vITHE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 3Undertaking-Ambulance-Wood Mantels:(jftkvmmm1v,t i?"' 4THE BOUkCiON NEWSi PARIS, KY., JUNE 2, 1914NOTES FROM THETOBACCO PLANT BEDS.No tobcco has yet been planted inTximble County, Ky., except by machinery. .Daviess County (Ky.) growers haveIbeen delayed in getting out theirplants because of a lack of season.Tennessee growers are also getting anxious for a good season, asmost of the land has been preparedjtnl plants are getting too large.3fercer County (Ky.) farmers are-only awaiting a season to transplantJiheir tobacco. The plants are in athrifty condition and plentiful.Plants in Anderson County (Ky.)-were never so plentiful as this year,and growers expect that nine-tenthsof the acreage will be under cultivation at. the close of May.Although the ground is dry and no.season is in sight, tobacco men haveused the plant setter and thousandsof acres were set in MontgomeryCounty, Ky., in the past ten days.Farmers of Harrison County, Ky.,liave been compelled to water theirtobacco plant beds to keep them fromfiring. Should not relief come soonconditions may become serious.Throughout all sections of the Statedrouth has prevailed in Kentucky andplants are gettfng too large as therelias been no season, and, except inthose sections where the plant setting machines have been used, verylittle tobacco has. been set.North Carolina growers have alsoexperienced dry weather, which hasprevented planting. A good per cent,of that which was watered and planted has died. Cut worms have been"bad, owing to a cool spring. Somesections of this State xeport a scarcity of plants.A big sale of tobacco setting machines is reported by local dealers-as a result of the continued dry-weather and the impatience of the-tobacco growers who have plantsready but no season. If the dry"weather continues much longer it issure that a large acreage will betransplanted with machines. Plantsare reported suffering in the beds andHie grpwers have begun hauling water and watering them to keep themfrom perishing.ONLY ONEENTIRELY SATISFACTORY. "I have tried various colic and diar3iioea remedies but the only one thatias given me entire satisfaction andcured me when I was afflicted isChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. I recommend it tojny friends at all times," writes S. N.3alloway, Stewart, S. C. For sale byaCll dealers.(June)An experimental station in whichSax and hemp culture will be studied-will be established by the HungarianJCinlster of Agriculture.rOnlckly relieTM Rheumatism. Sore 3Ins-m eclee. Neuralgia. Backache. Headache and mmil cains. Your monev back if it fails to WHere any acne in. any nart 01 mo cou.s-a, fifteen minutes time.Jfriee 60c, At All JJruggists,Free uaple and drcolv sent on request.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY.342 East Main St., Lexington. Ky..-;is SicknessA Sin? A Sin of, m Commissionr a Sib of Omission? Or Uotn?We transgress Nature's laws, the Liverstrikes, tnen we omit or neglect untilvwe ache or sicken.Xooeen the dammed-up bile. Keep itloote with the old time-tried May ApplettootPodophyllin.) Podophjllin withthe gripe taken out ia caUedSAVE MONEYWHEN YOUPAINT YOUR HOUSEIt costs no more to apply "HighStandardquality paint and it givesmore beautiful effects and wearslonger. Thus you will get bestresults and .save money by usingTki is a ready-to-use paint of highest quality. It has great spreadineandJ protecting power, and the colors areyery durable. It comes in a large number of tints and shades, making possibleMay color scheme.Come in for color cards, and let uihelp solve your painting problems.Chas. E. Butler & Co.Oft. Cwt House.JfejhosREPUBLICANS AND PROGRESSIVES WON'T FUSE.At a meeting of the CongressionalCommittee of the Progressive partyof Kentucky at the office of Chairman W. S. Lawwill in Danville, theyannounced that the Progressiveswould not "fuse" with the Republicanparty in Kentucky. Most assuredlyany Republican has a right" to boltthe ticket and continue to bolt. Ifthey can do nothing for themselvesthey can at least defeat the Republican nominees. That seems to bewhat they are fighting for, and thevast majority of the Progressiveshave sense enough to see the gameare returning to their allegiance withthe Republican party. As to the irreconcilables they are presumablylost forever and will make good Democratic recruits in the subsequently.COUGHS AND COLDS WEAKENTHE SYSTEM.Continued Coughs, Colds and Bronchial troubles are depressing andweaken the system. Loss of weightand appetite generally follow. Get a50c bottle of Dr. King's New Discovery to-day. It will stop your cough.The first dose tyelps. The best medicine for Stubborn Coughs, .Colds andall Throat and Lung Troubles. Mr.O. H. Brown, Muscatine, Ala., writes:"My wife was sick during the hot summer months and I honestly believeDr. King's New Discovery saved herlife." Good for children. 50c and$1.00 at your druggist.(June)DON'THUNT FORSLIGHTS OR INSULTS.The man is to be pitied who is always spying around for slights and insults, for in doing so he makes himself most miserable. He conjures up abugaboo and insists said bugaboo haspicked him out as his particular victim. Now, the basis of such a disposition is an inordinate amount of selfesteem. If he did not possess sucha trait he would rise above a seemingslight. But no; he must insist on theother fellow being unhappy by beingunhappy himself. He must feel asting in order to sting the other man.The better way the more Christianway, is to try to construe everythingsaid or done from a friendly standpoint, and if that seems impossibleto drop the matter by raising above it.That is the thoughtful, large mindedway. If there is a slight, it disarmsit and makes it seem pitiful; if theslight was not intended the resentment is unjust and mean. So, anyway this matter is taken, it is a manly thing to let the slight swelter withthe slighter, and thus save oneself jfrom an insignificant and senseless intrusion. Let us imagine how wewould remember such a slightupthere in the land of eternal life.ALWAYS LEAD TO BETTERHEALTH.Serious sicknesses start in disorders of the stomach, liver and kidneys. The best corrective and preventive is -Dr. King's New Life Pills.They purify the Blood Prevent ConstiDation. keeD Liver. Kidneys andBowels in healthy condition. GiveI, , ,, , . ji. j.i Iyou better health by ridding the sys-lciu ui iBiiucuuuB ouu 6Bj luuuoibets any attention at home is whenEffective and mild. 25c, at yourdruggist.Bucklin's Arnica Salve for all hurts.(June)SENT HIS CATCH TOA "CHIROPODIST."Gvci in Taylorsville, Ky., a citizenwho recently wrote a piece for thevillage paper told about a large fishhaving been caught in a creek and an-nounced that it was to be sent to a"chiprododist to be mounted, in asecond letter to the paper he apologizes by saying that he is no encyclo-pedia; that he guessed at a word andmissed and furthermore he thought itthe business of the proofreader to cor-rect mistakes. In this instance theproofreader was no encyclopedia,either, and the compositor evidentlywas one of those conscientious print-orial guys who follow copy, evenwhen it blows out the window. Be-sides, it's all the average newspaperman can do to correct his own mis-takes without revising the fish storiesand the parts of speech of the ruralcorrespondent.. Frankfort StateTmirnnl iw"A , L A. : L 'About the quickest and, surest wayto overcome the Mexicans would be, to suut oil uieir suppiy oi American ,IOOQS. A Iiauuil WOU1U IinU It a liaramatter to conduct a successful war.with its soldiers kept up on a diet ofChili beans, tortillas and mescal.GAME WARDEN'S RAID.We are told that one of the gamewardens captured six seines in Kentucky River last week. As they -wereon the Woodford side of the river theculprits will be tried at Versailles.We are also told that all the gamewardens are preparing to make asim-ultaneous raid on all the streams indium with it than pay $1.50 for the"utiuuviy ,iu luo ncui iuiuic.) VLUDLOW LAGOONOPENS TO BIG CROWDS.At the Lagoon opening the crowdswere delighted with the many newimprovements and free attractions.At the Roof Garden a free Cabaretperformance was given with the University Four, Eleaine Bowman andBerliners' Orchestra heading the list.At the Club House the entertainmentwas furnished by the famous Alpinesingers and Yodlers in native costumeintroducing folk song, quartets andchoruses. Over fourteen hundreddanced in the Lagoon Ball Room theTango, Hesitation, One-Step and otherlate dances and the new theatrecalled the Human Laundry kepthundreds screaming with laughter.The Motordrome races started lastSaturday, Decoration day, and everyweek many new acts will appear onboth land and water.INDIGESTION AND CONSTIPATION"About five years ago I began taking Chamberlain's Tablets after suffering from indigestion and constipation for years without finding anything to relieve me. Chamberlain'stablets helped me at once and by using them for several weeks I wascured of the complaint' writes Mrs.Mary E. McMullen, Phelps, N. Y. Forsale by all dealers.(June)"SOMETHING TO READ"WANTED BY THE "BOYS.'Health Builder to drive out the wasteTo help the sailors and marines on matter build you up and renew yourduty along the Mexican coast to strength. Nothing better than Eiecspend their spare moments profitably trie Bitters. Start to-day. Mrs. Jas.the navy department is planning to Duncan, Haynesville, Me., writes:send them magazines and other read-, "Completely cured me after severaling matter, includingJUiustrated pa- doctors gave me up." 50c and $1.00.pers, and in appealirifitq. those whodesire to assist inh&aTrork to selectpublications issueclfin April, May andJune. The department willdistributeHii i cauui& in a i. lci luwaiucu.MORE TEXT-BOOKS ADOPTED.Froman's Civil Governmet at 50cents and Ray's Mental Arithmetic at20cents, published by the AmericanBook Company, of Cincinnati, and Nolan's Agriculture at 50 cents, published by Rowe & Peterson, of Chicago,were adopted Friday by the Statetext-book commission in sesion at 'ed until a week from to-day.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.What has become of the old-fash-" "", ,,, ,u .. 4.- -ui; n.-i-"ci jiiv mwuiu iit; oticu jr cai o ui uauluck if she broke a looking glassEvery man knows one fellow whohasn't any faults. And he doesn'thave to go far to lay his hand on him,either.If a man has a red nose, he has towear it and let it go at that. But ifa woman has a crimson beak she canalways wear a Beauty Veil.The children were a whole lot moreobedient in the old days when Fatherkept a paddle in the wood shed andMother wasn't afraid to use her slipper. -"-"J "miiicu iiio.il Willi a, iciiu.il v ittlltell you that the onl time he everAny married man with a family canhe is too sick to appreciate it.The modest woman, who won't weara silk skirt because -it exposes onelimb, will often wear a silhouet skirtand expose both of them.Lots of men who are too wise to tryto carry water in a sieve will arguewith a woman.The world will be growing better,but there are still too many booze-drinking legislators who talk temper-anceLots of poor booobs, who res2iYAeambiinr as a nrimp will Rtaw in ntry to get rich raising chickens.When a man is using the telephoneyon can always tell when a woman.isat the other end of the wireA snake cilarmer is usually a fe-male who looks as though she took tosnakes because her face would scareanything elsesome day hen we get things running right there will be a law 'againstcarrying concealed hammers.,Tne Kansas State officials proudlyannounce that 80,000 quarts of joyjujce were imported into Topeka andconsumed last month. Who's afraid0f Prohibition?ttti. -t . -iwiien you asK a man to do any-thing and he says he'll think it over,that is a polite way to say he won'tdo it.you get mad all over ifyou aremmtprl innnrronflv on noa year. Buthow would you liketo be Shakes-peare or Statistics?The old-fashioned woman who wasnamed Mary now has a daughter whowas named after a Pullman car.Cheer up! If you had moneyenough to buy everything you wantedyou would have the dyspepsia so badly that all you could absorb would betoast and water.The reason a woman is a woman isbecause she would rather pay .$1.98ior an article ana get a two-cent presame article without the premium.THE BETTER RULE."The better rule is that businessknows no friendships and has no presumptions that any man is honestthat is when it is one's business toprotect the interests of others."Let a man do what he will withhis Own, but when he takes a chairat a director's table, where the welfare of other men and other women,be they rich or poor, helpless widows or dependent orphans, prosperous business men, or what notwhen responsibility of safeguardingsuch a trust as this confronts a man,should he not forget that 'George isa good fellow,' and remember hisown oath and make him prove thathe is an honest fellow, and that thepapers whicli he lays down for examination are neither forged nor fictitious? "If the directors of- the wreckedbank at Paris had done this therewould have been a different story totell."Further there were at least afew losers by this disaster whichthese directors should repay if ittook every penny of their own to doso." Lexington Leader.HOT WEATHER TONICAND HEALTH BUILDER.Are you run down nervous tired?Is every thing you do an effort? Youare not lazy you are sick! YourI Stomach, Liver, Kidneys, and wholesystem need a Tonic. A Tonic andat your druggist.Bucklin's Arnica Salve for Cuts.(June)The Paris police recently capturedI a burglar who "used a stethoscope toI hear the sounds made by combinations locks on safes to enable him toopen them.TMiq fircf olontn'n Tlanf with in tlio;.Ar(Jtic circle wiU be erected at a mis-, sion at Point Hope. Alaska, the power being supplied by a windmill.A clock attachment for a new elec-jtric stove permits food to be placed(in it at any time with the assurancei that the heat will be turned on andoff again when desired.GET RID OF YOUR RHEUMATISM.Now is the time to get rid of yourrheumatism. You can do it if youapply Chamberlain's Liniment. W.A. Lockhard, Homer City, N. Y.'writes, "Last spring I suffered frommy arms and shoulders. I got a bottle of Chamberlain's Liniment and thefirst application relieved me. By using one bottle of it I was entirelycured." For sale by all dealers.(June)Sweet spirits of niter wiped offwith cotton when it turns white willremove ink spots, from wood.LONDON "TANGO" NECKLACE"EVELYN THAW" BRACELET.These two beautiful pieces of popular jewelry are the craze among society women in New York and thelargest cities. They are neat and elegant gold finished articles that willgladen the heart of every girl or woman, no matter how young or old.Very stylish and attractive.Our Free Offer. We are advertisingSpearmint Chewing Gum and desireto place a big box of this fine, healthful gum into every home. It sweetens the breath whitens the teeth andaids digestion. It is refreshing andpleasing to all. To eveiy one sendingus but 50c and 10c to cover shippingcosts we will ship a big box of 20regular 5c packages of the SpearmintGum and include the elegant "Tango"nceKlace and "Evelyn Thaw" braceletabsolutely free.This offer is for a short time only.Not more than 2 orders to' one party.Dealers not allowed to accept this.UNITED SALES COMPANYDayton, Ohio P. O. Box 101.SKin BlemishesCaused ly GermsGerms get under theskin or In a brokenplace, and It is hardto get rid of them.Pu3 sores or pimplesfollow.DR. BELL'SAntiseptic Salvei rii? aU5s' i-SrJ10' anywhere, for ItIs CLEAN. PURE AND HEALING."Tell It By The Bell".Cm MSs 11mWFor Sale by All Druggists.WoodlandHeadquartersBuster B.Dark Bay Horse, Weight 1,700.Sired by Imported Glitter 58803.Dam by Imported Queen 41490.$10.00 TO INSURE.BUSTER B. is a coming four-year-oldand a young stallion of markedsize and condition. He is the. kindthat will appeal to your fancy and youwill make no mistake in breeding tohim.The Above Horses Will Make the Season of 1914 at Woodland Stock Farm:About 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due whenoolt is foaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent.Lien retained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to preventaccidents, but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON, Lair, Kentucky.Safe InvestmentT-w-inGives advice to all the people of Parisand Bourbon County to invest their monevinClothing, Shoes,Hats, Caps,Underwear, Etc.They will give you one hundred cents onthe dollar on your merchandise investmentCall in and see them.L. WOLLSTEIN, Prop.TheandThe telephone goes hand in hand with goodroads.The telephone overcomes many of the obstacles of bad roads and makes it possible for thefarmer and other rural residents to transact business in the city and with neighbors when theroads are impassable.Progressive farmersroads and telephones.modern civilization are doinp-more than all nt-Wex toward eliminating thei ou can nave a teiepnone m your home at verysmall cost. Send a postal for our free bookletgiving complete information. 'FARMERS' LINE DEPARTMENTCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyINCORPORATED.Stock FarmFor Draft HorsesBurleyBlack Percheron; Weight 1760..$10.00 TO INSURE.BURLEY is a splendid specimen ofthe dratt horse and his get haveproved to be of the very best. Thereis a steadily growing demand for theclass of horses produced by Burley,both upon the farm and in the cities.They can stand more work than theaverage horse. He is 8 years old, abeautiful black, well formed, and ofthe class that catches the eye. In selecting a horse to breed to pick onewhose produce commands the bestprice.TelephoneGood Roadsare insisting upon goodXhese twn aorprinVc nfisolation of country life.BrostAJr4j.- ' . - 4V,imtVV-&j? .1HE BOURBON NfcWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 2 19T46m:BORLAND'SThe Home of Good Wall PaperWALL PAPER TALK No. 7.Bed RoomDecoration-Little can be added to what we previously mentioned concerning the suitability of "near to nature effects' ' for the bed room.While simplicity is the key-note of decorative success,quite frequently this room requires decorations along thelines herein mentioned.A panelled treatment for both walls and ceiling, thecut-out borders should be used in the larger rooms. Delicately figured and colored walls andjceilings are most appropriate in work of this character.Let us help you make your selection.LOOK US UP !514 Main St., Next to Mr. Mamie Parker.TELEPHONE 1592 Pans Odorless Cleaning Co.:Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be-surprised when we send your' clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Eanama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockecLto your satisfaction.I We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.: White Kid Uioves Uleanea, snort, iuc; long zoc. ,-HMHiNMHiNaMiS0 ? COITWOKT'TSpecialMay Sale.50 Ladies' Stylish andHandsomeSpringSuits$9-95-All Sizes and Colors.KINDLY CALL ATTwin Bios. Depanmeni Store,Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.IewBerl?rSliopCorner Fouilh and MainModern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDf KHJRION P0U1TRY CU1Edown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops in. thedrinking "water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, IjFor Sale by W. T. BrooksPILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMEPWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching PftIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacts as a- poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and $1WILLIAMS MFG. CO Pres., Oevetond, 01First Popular Price Excarsion of the SeasonTo Cincinnati and ReturnSunday, May 31, 1914,$1 .50Foithe Round TripSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky.T 8:20a. m., returning Ieoves? CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m. Forfurther information call onLow round trip Summer tTouristtickets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, "Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyMay 15", until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct. 31,. with very liberalstop-over privileges. For further information 'call on or addressJ. K SMITH, T. A.,orBEQUEATHADemise of Vanderbiit and OthersBreaks the Record.Astor Estate Paid Largest Inheritance Tax Since Enactment of LawWith the Sum of $3,150,000Many Rich Men Die.New York. With the death recentlyof George W. Vanderbiit, George Weetinghouse and John L. Cadwalader, officials in the state comptroller's office in this city began a tabulation ofthe wealth left by the large numberof prominent New York men whohave died since January 1, 1913. Itis estimated that the total amount ofwealth passed on to the next generation by the death of ' these men ismore than one billion dollars.The state comptroller at Albany reports that for the year ending lastSeptember the total amount of revenue collected by the state from theinheritance tax was $12,724,236.86.The sum to be collected from estatesnot yet appraised is believed to bemuch larger.Never before in the history of thiscountry, it is said, have so many menof wealth and power died in such ashort period. Included in the list aresuch names as J. Pierpont Morgan,Anthony N. Brady, Benjamin Altman,Charles B. Appleby, George A. Hearn,Henry M. Flagler and Isaac V.Brokaw.The tax on the Brady estate, paidrecently in advance on appraisal to'get a discount on the regular percentage, was $2,684,000, which was onan estimated valuation of $75,000,000.The Morgan estate has paid an advance tax of $2,500,000 on an estimatedtotal valuation of $65,000,000, exclusive of works of art, which have beenvalued at more than $50,000,000.George W. Vanderbiit is supposed tohave left $50,000,000. Attorneys forthe estate are working on an estimateof the fortune to be made to the statecomptroller.The largest inheritance tax paidsince the enactment of the law wasthat of $3,150,000 on the $87,000,000estate of the late Col. John Jacob Aston Previous to that the estate ofJohn S. Kennedy, valued at $67,000,000, held the record.Benjamin Altman, George A. Hearn,Isaac V. Brokaw and Isidor Straus,great merchants, are some of the menwhose estates are being adjusted bythe state comptroller. Mr. Altmanleft his art works, valued at $10,000,000, to the Metropolitan museum. Histotal estate is supposed to be worth$30,000,000.Mr. Hearn, another noted art collector, left an estate of $10,000,000,besides a notable art collection. Theestate of Isaac V. Brokaw is estimatedat $5,000,000, and a valuation of $4,427,608 was placed on the estate ofIsidor Straus. Henry Flagler left anestate of $6,000,000.Other large estates settled in 1913are those of D. O. Mills, who leftabout $10,000,000; Edwin Hawley, valued at $9,740,000, less debts of about$4,000,000, and James -R. Keene, estimated at $20,000,000.xu"MILITANT T RWOCKED OUTPrison Commissioner of Scotland Punishes W6man Who AttacksHim.Glasgow, Scotlafld.Hbf. James Devon, prison commissioner for Scotland, when attacked by ah' irate militant suffragette armed 'with' a dogwhip, took the law in his own handsand knocked his assailant down witha well-aimed left-hand blow. Thewoman, whose identity was not discovered, met the prison commissionerat the entrance to the Duke streetprison and belabored him over thehead and shoulders with her whip.Dr. Devon, who is an advocate of forcible feeding and is bitterly opposed towhat he considers the farcical releaseof suffragettes because they are suffering from the effects of "hungerstrikes," promptly knocked her down.The woman was picked up by a policeman and placed under arrest, but Dr.Devon refused to prosecute her andshe was released.SHOCKING NEWS KILLS GIPSYHe Drops Dead When Told of Son-in-Law Attacking ChiefWith an Ax.Paterson, N. J. During a quarrel ina gypsy camp near here, Edward Harrison, a young gipsy, swung an ax athis chief, Thomas Buckland. Buckland thrust out his right arm to stopthe blow and it was cut to the bone.Harrison scrambled up a high bankback of the camp and started runningalong the Morris canal towpathtoward Paterson. .Patrick Hogan of the Little Fallspolice gave chase on horseback. Hogan tried to cross the ice and wentthrough, and both he and the horsegot a cold bath. Harrison escaped tothe woods on Garrett mountain. "When Harrison's wife told her father, Peter Guy, what had happened,the old man dropped dead. He hadbeen subject to heart trouble.To Pay Big Income Tax. .Chicago. The largest payment ofincome tax in Chicago was offered theinternal revenue officials when a man,whose name the authorities withheld,sent word that he would pay a net taxof $42,516.68, the assessment on aa annual income of $750i00;CZAR DENIES BIG WAR RUMORRoyal Head of Russia Sends PersonalLetter to Kaiser RepudiatingPress Reports.Berlin. A private letter from theczar of Russia to Emperor Williamwas sent to Berlin in the care of aspecial courier. It dealt with thesensational articles circulating in theGerman press in regard to Russia'salleged preparations for an attack onGermany at the earliest possible moment. A semi-official newspaper, which announces the dispatch of the czar'scommunication, also emphasizes thefact that the personal relations between the two monarchs continue tobe most intimate. It is understoodthat Nicholas has taken occasion toassure William that the war alarmsare entirely groundless, but the journals which represent the Germanmilitary party place no faith in theofficial assurances that the Russianwar scare is without foundation.It is stated that the Russian ambassador in Berlin has been instructedto make inquiries whether the CologneGazette's article declaring that Russia purposes to attack Germany in1917 was in any "respeot inspired."The foreign office persists in denyingany connection with the publication.DUKE SEEKS LADY MANNERSAbruzzi's Affections Now Said to HavTurned to the Young EnglishNoblewoman.London. Has Lady Diana Mannerssucceeded Mrs. "Billy" HittNin the affections of the duke of the Abruzzi?That is the report which comes fromLondon. So the duke may not havebeen so very hard hit by the refusalDuke of the Abruzzi.of the fair Miss Elkins to become hismorganatic wife. Lady Diana is thethird daughter of the duke of Rutlandand is twenty-two years old. She isaccounted a beauty in England. Hersister is the marchioness of Anglesey.BIG U. S. BATTLESHIP READYTexas, Most Powerful in World, GoesInto Commission DreadnaughtLeaves for Norfolk Navy Yard. .' Newport, News, Wjjty All ready for'fight or frolic," the giant superdreadnaught Texas most powerful battleship afloat in the world, left the yardsof her builders here, the NewportNews Shipbuilding company, for theNorfolk navy yard, there to be turnedover o Rear Admiral Usher, commandant of the Norfolk station.This monster of the sea carries asits principal fighting equipment a battery of ten 14-inch guns, being thefirst warship in the world to be fitted6ut with guns of such large caliber.In addition it has in its main battery21 five-inch guns.In length the fighter is 573 feet,with a beam 95 feet 2y2 inches, sothat in passing through the Panamacanal locks she would have almost 15feet to spare. Although her designedspeed was 21 knots, in her trials offthe Maine coast last October she didher fastest mile in 22.28 knots. Shehas a displacement of 27,000 tons, ahorsepower of 35,000 and draws 28feet 6 inches. Her armor belt is 11inches thick.U. S. MADE IRISH CITY GROWBefore American War It Was Only aSmall Fishing Village Is FineWatering Place.-London. Queenstown, which is being abandoned as a port of call by thebig Cunarders, owed its first prosperity to American shipping. Beforethe American war, when it was usedas an embarking point for troops, itwas only a small fishing village, butafter that it increased rapidly.In those days its name was Cove ofCork, and it was not until 1849, whenit was Queen Victoria's first" landingplace in Ireland, that it took its present title. Queenstown now thrives asa watering-place as well as a port andclaims to have a climate more equablethan any part of England or FranceIts Royal Cork Yacht club is the oldest yacht club in the United KingdomBryan's Namesake Sentenced.Philadelphia. William J. Bryan,who is 'no relative of the secretary ofstate, was sentenced to 30 days in jailbecause he didn't stick to grape juice.Pulled Husband's Hair.Passaic, N. J. Charged with pulling out a handful of her husband'shair, Mrs. Rose Will wa sentenced tolive apart from him for one monh.mwmmmmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;,Cheap Work Done Good!J VJtf&wTRE J9B RGOfflS OFTHEBWRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asRIIIHFAIYc;, tLETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everything1 that is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding An-nouncements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let its figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingfust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces;m Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for ,$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.UiutiUimmi;L. Oberdorfer, Druff 1st, Parj Ky. J&yT "-mFY-l JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. JUNE 2,1914.mI?.t-INEWS OF MILLERSBURGMrs. E. H. Kerr returned Satur' day after a weeks' visit to her mother,Mrs. Martha Baldwin, at Maysville.Mrs. J. A. Miller was called tothe bedside of her brother, Mr. Chas.Best, of Lagrange, on account of hiscritical illness.Regular meeting of Amity Lodgeto-uight. There will probably be workin the third degree. All members areurged to be present.Mrs. M. D. Hurst left Friday fora weeks' visit to her niece, Mrs. R.B- Hudson, of Ewing.Dr. and Mrs. G. R. Deans and little son, Ross, returned Thursday fromFlorida, where they spent the winter.Mrs. J. C. Head and little daughter, Katherine, left Monday for amonths' visit to relatives at Bradfordsville. --Mr. J. B. Vimont left Monday forCral) Orchard Springs, where he hasaccepted a position as Clerk duringthe watering season. Mr. Allen Ingleswill leave July 1, for the same place,.and will be in charge of "the soft drink.department.Postmaster J. B. Cray received&n official letter Saturday from thePostoffice Department at Washington,informing him that the Millersburgpostoffice had been raisedto a thirdclass office, and beginning with July1, his salary would be raised from,$1,400 to 1,500 a year.The remains of Mr. B. A. Neal,who died at his home on Wednesday,at 1 p. m?, ivere laid to best in theMillersburg Cemetery, Friday morningTaftera short service at hishome, by his pastor, Rev. A. S. Venable, the Masonic service at the gravewhich was conducted by Past GrandMaster, S. K. Veach, of Carlisle. Thefloral tributes were beautiful. Amongthe out of town friends present were:Mr. E. M. Neal, Pewee Valley; Mr.Claude Neal and family, of Newport;Mr. J. K. Allen and family, Mr. andMrs. S. R. Allen, Mr. Dwight Bowdenand sisters, Misses Nannie and RuthBowden, of Winchester.The little folks of the Presbyterian Chruchave a Tom Thumb wedding Thursday evening, at the operahouse, under the auspices of theLadies' Aid Society. Master JamesCollier, the little son of Mrs. W. E.Collidr, was the bridegrdom, whilepretty little Miss Sarah Louise Mc-Intyre, the little daughter of Mr. andM. A. Pruitt, the grocery of JonesBros, and the drug store of Waddellthe Pruitt home by the cries of Mrs.Pruitt, from the drug store by theyoung ladies in the Cumberland Telephone exchange. The rear door of!the grocery of Jones Bros, was notonly locked, but was secured also bya heavy iron bar. On Friday nightthey were seen in the back yard ofMisses Mattie and Sallie Mclntyre,also in the rear of the home of Mr.T.D.Judy and Mrs. Russell PoweUattheir home. On Thursday nightwhen they visited the town theneighbors were arroused and some15 or 20 shots were fired. Quite anumber of people guarded their ownproperty Saturday night.The commencement exercises ofthe M. M. I. opened Saturday morning at 10:30 with the bapcelauratesemon at the Methodist church byElder Mark Collis, of the Broadway IMrs. W. D. Melntvre. was the bride. 1 Christian Church, of Lexington. AThe guests were ushered to their pla- large audience was in attendance,ces by Master Edmund Martin, the lit- the musical program was good. Thetie sorf of Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Martin, , speaker of the hour was introducedwho did his work with perfect composure, the cousins, uncles, aunts, parents and grandparents, bachelors andold maids, etc., constituted the wedding party. Some of the features ofreal life were carried out. MasterEdgar Hurst and Miss Imogine McWhorters, who were grandparents ofthe groom, captivated all present withseveral duets.Millersburg was again visited byburglars on Thursday and Fridaynights. However, nothing was secured by them. On Thursday night theyattempted to enter the home of Mr.m i w utj cis m h jas wictSn jfeot ueatierfJust as it Pays to Keep Warm inCold Weather, or Dry inWet Weather.Then Why Not Try one of OurJ Electric Irons on Two Weeks Free Trial? Jye Will Deliver it at Any Time.Why not drop into our office and look at our line ofElectric Fans?Ther'are just as sensible in Summer as a coal firein Winter,ington. The drill in the manual atarms for the medal was won by CadetShield, of NicKdlasville. Company A.was awarded the flag again for another year, this being three consecutiveyears Company A. has carried it.Everything was favorable for Company B. until the firing began, as theydid bad work in this line. A completelist of visitors in our next issue.A double-header game was playedon the M. M. I. grounds yesterday afternoon, the first between M. M. I.and Cynthiana High School, resultingin a score of 9 to 1 in the seventhinning in favor of M. M. I. The second game between M. M. I. secondteam and the Old Cadets was calledoff in the fifth inning on account ofrain the score being 5 to 5.BURR GROUND MEALBurr GroundManufacturedYour grocer sellsMeal. Give it a trial.byMILLERSBURG MILLS(22-1 mo)"AND THE NEXT DAY ITRAINED AND RAINED."at the appointed time, in a most appropriate way by Rev. J. D. Redd, pastor of the church, who said in hisopening remarks that the intimaterelationship as pastor between he and The drouth which has prevailed inDr. Collis was so close that at times . this section, accompanied by a super-HONOR ROLL FOR MAY OF. PARIS HIGH SCHOOLS.he forgot whether ur. (joins was aMethodist and he himself a Christian.Dr. Collis took for subject, "Duty."His sermon was not long and he confined his subject almost entirely tothe class of 1914, and the studentbody of .the institution. His sermon jwas of such a character as to causeabundance of huniidity and heat forseveral weeks was partly relievedyesterday .by showers. The rainfallwas neither "copious" nor "profuse,"but sufficiently aqueous to let us kuowthere was something doing. Heavyrains are needed to relieve the parched crops of all kinds. Old timersI Paris GasI& Electric Co.all of the student body to think. He say this has been an unusual state ofgave tne graauaiton ciass Deauuiui . weather conditions for May.examples to carry away with them,and pointed out to them the possibili- PORCH SHADES.ties in life that were open to them.It was a sermon that pleased all present. Dr. Collis is no stranger in Millersburg, as he has held two protracted meetings here in the past 20 years,and most of the large congregationknew that they would not be disappointed. In the evening there wereunion services in the Methodistunurcn, conducted Dy tev. a .. ven-1 Mr Ellis B Hayden, son of Mr. andaoie, or me jrresDytenan uuuron, s , Mrs. J. W. Hayden, of Paris, is ait was impossible for Dr. Collis to re- member of the 1914 graduating classmain over. The following is a partial of Mechanical and Electrical Engilist of the commencement guests: neering of State University, at LexMiss Alma Nutter, of Georgetown, j ington. Mr. Hayden will go with thewith Mrs. J. P. Auxier; Mr. J. S. Lake, ; Powers Regulator Company, of Toronlittle son and daughter, of Cynthiana, to Can This company nmnufacturwith Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Ammerman; ers thernostats and other power andMrs. William Bedford and son, ,heat relating devices. It is aJames, with Mr. M. P. Collier and larre comDanv. and offers a eood od-We sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.(5-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.PARIS BOY GRADUATEOF ENGINEERING SCHOOL.(Incorporated)family; Miss Russell Caldwell, ofMayslick, with her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. E. Caldwell; Miss Gladys Marcum, of Paris with her sister, Mrs.Reynolds Letton; Mr. Clyde Richards, of Paris, with Mr. H. C. Current ;Ly da Wilmore, of Lancaster, andMrs. Harmon Stitt, of Paris, at M. M.I.; Mr. and Mrs. Harket Switzer -andlittle son, of Cynthiana, with Mrs.Margaret Powell and family; Mrs.Rpbert Wilson, of California, Ky.,with her mother, Mrs. Amanda Mastin. The commencement exercises atM. M. I. were continued Monday at 9a. m., with the annual drill on thecollege campus. Owing to the inclement weather, threatened rain,the crowd was not up to the average, but notwithstanding this thecrowd was large. The drill was com-Dortunity for inventive genius. Mr.Hayden will come to Paris for a visitto his parents before , assuming hisduties. 'BOURBON COUNTY FIRMBUYS BIG WOOL CROP.It is stated on authority from Cynthiana that Lynch & Wiggins, ofHutchison, have bought the pooledwool clip of the Harrison CountyGrangers. The deal was for 4,000fleeces, or 24,000 pounds, and theprice was two cents a pound abovethat paid to individuals on accountof,the crop being pooled.Refugees from Mexico Cty continue to tell stories of an army uprising against Heurta. Members ofpared favorably with those of former, the Twenty-third Infantry, supposedyears. The judges were Cadets uen-jto De tne most iuyai ul wc rcunwtrv. J. Miller, and H. Miller, ot lex- troops, muunnieu m&L oawiua,.m flc itKmmu' Hk.I3 .Inl 1 n 1 ' n 1 I k1 mm b I mt I I R- MlW H 4m. V A AA I m m 11 '?.l iB mm I H LI mm H I I Bfl ! m 9 I IS jjm E-m mm u v b m mm j m mm m w wmn m. n wk a wwII . K I1K U' IVH. K ' .m a. a . m K..a jm. m m. m m. m bjk. m. - jbv na m-Lm m1. - -k. ." wwOTmw iwi AmiTBSv W i Oil JVbKOWING to the Unseasonable Weather nil now ana ourHeavy buying, we Find Ourselves Overstocked in .High-Grade Spring and SummerFOOTWEARQuick Action Demanded to Reduce Our Enormous Stock of Absolutely theBest and Latest Spring and Summer Footwear at Prices So LowThat Will Astonish Even the Most Economical.Ladies' Colonial Pumps of elegant Patent Colt Men's Tan Oxfords of the best qualities andor Soft Dull Calf, genuine 3.50, values, makes, rubber soles, $4.50 values, at $3.50at S-Q and $1.99 Men's Tan and Gun Metal Oxfords and EnglishLadies' Suede and Velvet .Mary Jane Pumps of last, of the famous Walk-Over and Beacon,the best makes, genuine $4 and $3.50 values, at 2.50 best values at -. . 4.00Ladies' Oxfords and Baby Doll Pumps of dull Men's High Shoes and Oxfords in Tan and Gunsoft Kid, light soles, genuine $4 and $3.50 val- - Metal, bench made, $4 values at 2.99" ' " Men's Oxfords in Tan, Patent Leather and GunLadies' Oxfords and Pumps, samples, at 1 .49 Metal, $3 values at $2.49 and 1 .99Misses' and Children's Elegant Patent Colt or Soft Kid Baby Doll Pumps andOxfords, best qualities, at $1 .24, 99c, 89c and 79c.Special Bargain Prices on Satin Pumps for Graduation. .A Great Reduction on High. Priced Pumps and Oxfords. --' :'Space Here is Too Limited to Give All the-Numerous Bargains Come and Convince Yourself !L3ST COHEN"Greatest Shoe StoreFollowing is the honor roll for ParisHigh School for the 'month of May:GRADE Al Jas. Bolson, 94; RoyMarkland, 92; Garnett Swinford, 93Henry Sandusky, 92; Clarence Mullins, 93; James Mann, 92; "ClarencePharis, 91; William Blount, 95; Frances Whalen, 92; Frances Thompson,96; Chorine Beatty, 91; Vaughn Lykins, 92.GRADE IB. Eloise Alexander, 90;Pansey Burns, 95; Elevyn Kenton, 91;Ruby Lovell, 90; Ethel Shankland,93; Ida Lee Wheeler, 93; GeorgeEwalt, 94; Bruce Gardner, 92; Anderson Rose, 90; John W. Woodford, 90;Walter Harney, 91; Homer Burley,95; Boyd Gillen, 92.GRADE 2A. Mona Taylor, 93; Evalyn Tingle, 90; Emily Bratton, 92;Carolyn Wilmoth, 95; Nellie Tingle,90; Jack Johnson, Jr., 93; Mary Sandusky, 93; Helen Farris, 92; CharlesGoodin, 91.GRADE 2B. Helen Chappell, 94;Mary Louise Clendenin, 94; Constance Hill, 94; Jeanne Harris, 94;Martha Collier, 94; Isabelle Talbott,91; Katherine Hendricks, 94; Catherine Duncan, 94; Edna Rose, 91; Rebecca Purnell, 92; .Mitchell Achman,91; Mary E. Petree, 94.GRADE 3A. Anna Hartley, 90; Albert Wright, 90; Addie Mae Myers,90; Violet Crowe, 90; Clay Alexander,91; Ruth Wheeler, 91; Helen Keith,91; Kellar Larkin, 92; Mary FrancesBurnes, 93; Elizabeth Lilleston, 93;Thelma Darlington, 93; LeonardFronk, 94; Nanette Arkle, 94; Edward Paton, 95; -Virginia Hancock,96; Margaret Hill, 96.GRADE 3B. Hiatt Hubbard, 93;Crutcher Chisholm, 93; Eddie Munich,92; Ray Cahal, 90.GRADE 4A. Fern Stone, 95; Frances McCarty, 95; Hilda Taylor, 94;Vanessa Lykins, 93; Katherine Wills,93; Frances Harris, 93; ElizabethJohnson, 92; Herbert Myers, 93;Clara Highland, 92; Charlie Padgett92; Eva Chappell, 91; Katherine Lovell, 90; Roy Burley, 90GRADE 4B. Anna R. Duncan, 95;Jack Lair, 94; Devoria Chisholm, 91.GRADE 5 A Mamie Fowler, 91; Lillian Fowler, 92; Garaldine Hernn, 96;Alma L. Goldstein, 96;' Mattie Whaley, 91; Nelson McKenney, 93; Margaret Highland, 92; Margaret Ewalt,92; Collins Hall, 94; Robert Hall, 93;Louise Keal, 91; Julian Snapp, 92;James Amsparger, 92.GRADE 5B. Violet Achman, 91;Nancy Davis, 91; Sidney Linville, 94;Nancy B. Wilson, 96; Thos. Hendricks, 94; Verna Turpin, 93.GRADE A6. Eva Bolson, 91; Lu-tie Crowe, 93; Eunice Gifford, 90;Bessie Gifford, 93; Chas. Grinnan 90;Dorothy Harris, 95; Clara Hartley,95; Clara Hartley, 95; Julian King,90; Ann Meglone, 91; Christine McCord, 94; Zuma Stone, 93; DorothyTingle, 94.GRADE 6B. Lillie Kenney, 93;Hattie Neal, 90; Elizabeth Snapp, 90;Olive Snapp, 91; Mary Smith, 92;Rena Clark, 92; Omer Denton, 95;Ussery Taul, 92; Albert Stewart, 65.GRADE 7A. Ida Mae Anderson, 91;Wm. Mclntire, 94; Lucile Hall, 95;Stanley Rule, 93; Elmeta Hinton, 92;Madge Taylor, 97; Eugene Lair, 91;A. J. Duncan, 90; Preston Bales, 91;Thelma Squires, 95.GRADE 7B Irene Alexander, 49;Jennie James, 93; Louise Horton, 94;Martin O'Neill, 92.GRADE 8. Fannie Heller, 97; Edna Snapp, 96; Eleanor Lytle, 95; Vernita Baldwin, 91; E. L. Baldwin, 93;Ruby Elder, 92; Edith Harper, 90;Ruth Linville, 93;$ValetteMcClintock,90; Mabel Templin, 91; Luther Bishop, 05; Harold Hufnagle, 90.HIGH SCHOOL. (Freshman)Fithian Arkle, 93; Turney Clay, 92;Thos. Parker, 95; Mabel Adair, 90;Esther Boatright, 93; Mayme Flanders, 91. v(Sophomore). Evelyn Friedman,96; Elizabeth Hedges, 90; John T.Redmon, 90!(Junior) Grace McCord, 90; LinaCrowe, 91.REAL ESTATE DEALS- IN CITY AND COUNTY.S?1, J3' R Clay' owaer of Runnymede Farm, on the Cynthiana pikerecently purchased 60 acres of uninlproved land, known as the Garrettfarm, and located on the waters ofStoner Creek. The land which adjoins Col. Glay's farm, was boughtfrom W. F. Turner and others, at Iprivate figure.Captain George W. Wilder sold lastweek to Wm. B. Cox, a vacant building lot on Vine street. The price wasnot made public, but it is known to beat a neat profit on the price paid byCaptain Wilder about two weeks agoMr. Cox intends to improve the property with a modern frame residenceWANTEDSmall second handApply at News OflBce.(12-tf)cash register.Phones 124.FOR SiLE PRIVATELY.I will sell privately my house andlots on the corner of Eleventh andMain streets. Possession given July1. Any one desiring to examine theproperty may call on Saturdays.(15tf) W. L. YERKES.FOR RENT.Storeroom on Main street known asi the Weatherall property. Possessionto be given at once. Also 3 rooms upstairs. Will rent as a whole or separately. (15-tf) CHAS. PEDDICORDft. J. NEELYWAREHOUSEStables and Coal YardPor Rent!For over 30 years this has been asuccessful 'business stand in the Farm.Implement, Seeds and Coal Business.Possession on or about July 1.W. W. MITCHELL, Agt.iMARKETE. IEighth and MainSUPERIOR FURNITURE POLISHGives new polish to old furniture;produces a gloss ox hand rubbed finish; dries hard; never sticks; neverinjures. Call and get sample; every.bottle fully guaranteed.CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.Opp. Court House, Paris, Ky.d-tf)SECRETARY WILSON TRYING TO' GET MEN FOR WORK IN FIELDS.3DSActing on information of Charles L.Dougherty, labor commissioner of Oklahoma, that from 12,000 to 15,000men would be required to help harvest and thresh the wheat crop inthat State, Secretary Wilson orderedbulletins placed in postoffices throughout the country, describing Oklahoma's needs. Inquiry has been madeof State officials in Kansas, Nebraska,North and South Dakota, Iowa, Wisconsin, Missouri and Minnesota, abouttheir requirements for extra helpduring the harvest time. Commissioner Dougherty stated in a telegramto Secretary Wilson that wages inOklahoma would be from $2 to ?2.50a day with board, and that of the12,000 or 15,000 men required for thewheat harvest 85 per cent, would findadditional employment handling theforage crops, promising four to sixmonths steady work.No DeliveryNo PhonesNo CreditSliced Ham ber lb 25cSliced Breakfast Bacon, lb 25cFresh Pork Sausage, per lb IScChuck Steak, per lb 16cRound Steak, per lb 18cIvoin Steak, per lb 20cPorterhouse Steak, per lb.. 22cPlate Roast, per lb 12cChuck Roast, per lb 15cRib Roast, per lb 16cRump Roast, per lb 15cPork Chops, per lb IScPork Roast, per lb 16cPure Lard, per lb 14cFresh Fish Received Daily. ,M. J, He&co.ae9OLDEST IN THE BUSINESS.GKILLERSLawn mowers sharpened and reautomobile and machine repair shopin the city.SAM'L KERSLAKE & SON,East .Cor. Third & Pleasant Sts.(15-8t)MR. BUCKLEY BUYS jrWOODFORD COUNTY FARM.kWhere Bu tyand Economy Rei gn s 1K i mmmmmmfmmummmmmmmmmmmmmfmmtmm9mmmmtmmmmmmmmk --. MB . A - y. mW! MHnVtaPBBBlMHBBlMHHMflHHBBMrT.Clyde BUckley, prominent Lexington tobacco merchant, and son of Mr.Ben P. Buckley, of Bourbon County,has purchased of Dr. Risque, of Midway, the Turner farm of 398 acres onthe Versailles and Nicholasville pike.The purchase price was not givenout, but is known to "be a good one, asthe farm is in a high state of cultivation and is one of he bst agricultural tracts of land im tfee Blue Grat.MGet an Early Start Alterthe Insects.The earlier you tacklethem the easier it will beto kill them off. Watchyour currant and gooseberry bushes every day,A little hellebore in season will save manypounds of it later. Wesell good, pure, whitehellebore for 40c a pound.Use it on the rose bushesuse it anywhere thereare bugs to be killed.Insect Powder, the purePersian article, 50c lb.Blue Vitriol for sprayingpurposes, 15c lb. Thegreatest thing for lice onstock is Kreso Dip. Get agallon. Price $1.40. Itcosts less than any otherand goes farther.People's PharmacyDoyle Building 8th and MainPARIS, KY."Watch Our Wimdows."I