NEWS:&&wTHE YEAR.-VOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 14, 1914.H -. . PUBLISHED EVEBY TUESDAY . AND FRIDAY INil r :UN;.EftNING OF THEBUY HAS BEGWOBKGOES ONCity School Pupils to TakePart in Cleaning Up ofthe CitySQUADS TOHAVECONTESTMa3'or Issues ProclamationUrging EverybodyClean UptoJ. HAL WOODFORD LOSESHORSES IN LATONIA FIREThe work of cleaning the city beganyesterday and everything is now readyready for the final day of the crusadeagainst the refuse the accumulationof an entire winter. The citizens ofParis entered into the movement witha spirit that bids fair to develop intoone of the greatest events in the history of the city.Property owners and occupants began yesterday to clean their premisesand the result was practically everybusiness house an dresidence has before it barrels of refuse to be removedto-day and to-morrow by the conveyances to be provided by the city forthe purpose.Not only are the property ownersengaged in the work of cleaning thecity, but the boys siucrents at thepublic schools, will engage in thework.The male pupils of the school have"been divided into squads and trainedin the duties they are to perform today by Dr. F. M. Faries and Prof. Hendricks. Each squad will have a captain who will direct the work, and thesquads will compete for the prizesoffered by Miss Lucy Simms, a member of the Health ana "Welfare Leaguewhich is promoting the endeavorFrom all accounts, the boys, underthe direction of the captain of the-squad, have progressed rapidly intheir lines of duty, and will undoubtedly do themselves proud on the occasion of their first effort to make thecity cleaner. It is said that someJiave endeavored to ridicule those whowill enter into the work to-dayi This,however, is making but little impresrsion on the boys who are to be engaged, and they will enter upon theirnoble duties with a spirit that can notbut result in success.Mayor J. T. Hinton has issued aproclamation, in which all are requested to clean their premises, placing the refuse on the sidewalks thatit may be removed ny the wagonsvhich will be provided.Kindness to a dumb brute is whatcaused the fire at the Latonia racetrack Thursday night, which destroyed the barn of Howard Oots, togetherwith eight race horses, including the1909 Kentucky Derby winner, Wintergreen, the property of H. E. Stewart.A man attached to the stable was doctoring a horse which had injured itsside, when the lantern exploded, setting the barn on fire.J. Hal Woodford, of Paris, was thechief sufferer from the fire, seven ofthe number belonging to him. Following is a list of Mr. Woodford'shorses that were lost:Carlton Club, fou year-old horse byCarlton Grange; Kisland, three-year-oldfilly, full sister to Whimsical;Bourbon Maid, three-year-old filly byPink Coat: Red Star, three-year-oldfilly by Star Shoot, and sister to Lil-'Jie Turner; Baby Doll, five-year-oldby Orlando, and sister to My Gal andMy Gallant; Precinct, two years old,by Electioneer out of Lake Breeze, anOaks winner, and brother to JeffBernstein; a two-year-old filly by Hastings. This was a very Valuable stable ofracers and were a loss except 1,000insurance each on Carlton Club andKisland. Among horses that perishedwas Congressman James, the propertyof H. E. Stuart, and insured for $1,500.Carlton Club and Kisland were bothtaken out of their stalls unhurt andturned loos and the doors closed, butreturned and were burned to deathunder the shed at their stall doors.BEGUM PAYS CVISIT TO FORMEHHOME OF STANLEY I- t"WE KNOW HOW"6kThe Ex-Governor is Given aWarm Welcome in theFleming Capitalt:PSpring StylesMEETS FRIENDS- AT ELIZAVILLEi Senatorial Candidate AssuredOf Majority in FlemingCountyTHFATRICALThe Columbia Today.Our "Mutual Girl" series today.Margaret discovers the stolen necklace in her muff. Detectives visit theCount and run down new clues, whileMargaret and her aunt buy magnificent gowns, meet leading New Yorkmillionaires at Piping Rock races,visit the Metropolitan Museum of Artwith Miss Billie vBurke, the famousactress and enlist the aid of DistrictAttorney Whitman, of New York, whoproves to be a valuable friend in timeof need."Hidden Treasure Ranch," a goodpicture. "Mabel's Strange Predicament," a good comedy, that will makeyou laugh. (adv)CLIMBING.She was a social climber, butThey handed her a lime;And now she says she'll go abroadAnd try a foreign clime.PAW KNOWS EVERYTHING.WMie Paw, what is an ignoramus?Pa?' A man whose views differfrom ours, my son.Keith Vaudeville at The Grand.There will only be Keith Vaudevilleat the Qrand Opera House Thursdayevening, April 16.The bill is a good one, and is madeup of the best on the road. MaxwellHoi den, shadowgraphist, a line of entertainment that is particularly pleasing to both young android. Russelland Church have an 'eccentric comedydancing act that is said to be a screamfrom start to finish. The Harrahshave a roller skating act that is notonly new but is novel. Paul LaCroix and Company, comedy hat manipulators. "Nine Girls of the GoldenWest," in a big scenic instrumentalmusical act, have been one of the sensations of the entire circuit, andcome heralded as one of the greatestacts of the kind ever produced. Theone big hit of the bill .will undoubtedly be the act of Will Rogers, billed as"The American Cowboy." This is aone man turn, but there is enough funin it for a dozen, and Rogers has beenthe hit of every bill where he lias appeared. Montgomery and Stone endorse "The American Cowboy" as thebest turn they ever saw. The ThreeKeatons, including Buster, the wellknown boy acrobat, close the showwith an acrobatic act that is original.(adv)FLEMINGSBURG, Ky., April 13Ex-Gov. Beckham invaded the formerhome of A. O. Stanley Saturday, andwas given a great reception by the voters of Fleming and adjoining counties. He was met at Ewing by severalfriends in automobiles and escortedto Flemingsburg. A stop was madeat Elizaville, where he met many voties. The party arrived at Flemingsburgat 11, and a band of ten pieces announced the arrival of the party. Areception was held at the Merchants'Hotel, where hundreds called to assure the Governor of their support.The speaking began at 1:30 andthe court house was crowded. CountyJudge Fulton introduced Mr. Beckhamand paid him a glowing tribute. Hesaid there was no doubt about thegreat victory awaiting the ex-Governorin August, and that Fleming countywould be on the right side.The reception given Mr. Beckhamwas a most cordial one, and it is saidhe made many votes. His supportershere are very enthusiastic and claimthat he will carry the county by agood majority.THURSDAY WILL MARK ADVENTOF K"JJh VAUDEVILLE HERFThe announcer " -ColonialAm lthat Keith vced at the Parisnight, is being vtheatre-goers, fronis is the only tow?Kentucky of its sizeto secure this classThe arrangementFIXING THE BLAME.'xmade by the'l, last week1 V present-.4iur&ciayy iocalt Parnate oftt i he ableof attraction,made "With Mr.narrinnon nf -t"ha "Tla-i All ThAniruiijutcu&r kjm. tuu av.. . w . -w - ,Lexington, is merely to tost tie seau-j "? -'vi'ie. before Paris will be conAiaerec"The-Sleuth" on the Marion, Ind.,Chronicle claims he doesn't steal hisfunny stuff. He gets it from the Kokomo, Ind., Dispatch and the Logansport, Ind., Pharos-Reporter, he says,and they give no credit to Bits of Byplay.NEITHER WILL WITHDRAW.A dispatch from Louisville Saturday said:"That Congressman A. O. Stanleyand Governor James B. McCreary,chief contenders with former Governor J. C. W. Beckham for the Democratic Senatorial nomination, have become panicky and one or the otherwill withdraw from the contest is astory given credence in political circles .here."Congressman Stanley denied thestory emphatically." 'It is true I saw the Governor andtalked to him,' he said, 'but therewas no conference looking to the withdrawal of one of us. i am in the fightto stav. Beckham and his men areon tne run. Jtiis menus, i am uuuudent, have inspired these stories, andso far as I am concerned, you can saythere is not a particle of truth in themI am in this fight to the finish.'"Judge Allie Young, of Morehead,high in the councDs of the party, anda supporter of McCreary, was in thecity yesterday. It is said that JudgeYoung advised McCreary that he orStanley should withdraw if either ofthem hoped to take the nominationaway from Beckham."v7- In Men's Shoes Are Now on Displayat Our Store.The Stetson, Korrect Shape and Mtichell & Blakemore Special Lineof Shoes are here in all styles, both in high cut andOxfords Gun Metal, Tans and Patent Leathers, low cutOxfords in the new swagger English last, made with invisible eyelets, low, flat heel and sole. We have bothstyles, with the rubber sole and heel and the leatherbottoms. There is none better made than the line ofShoes we carry and we want you to come to this storeand buy a pair of our Shoes.ltft).rw-VKorrect Shape, $4Stetson Shoes, S5 and $64kMitchell & Blakemore's Special, $5.Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole, $5 and $6.1IMitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's StylesParis KentuckyKENTUCKYILLITERACYCOMMISSIONNAMEDCOL. FRANKLIN ASBINDER PARSPELL-EXCELLENCE.of SundayTlie Lexington Leadercontained the following:"Colonel R. B. Franklin, widelyknown lawyer of Lexington andand formerly Common-j..i.u ;- - L'rtnirh-. W . i- j , A IVJTIIS ALLOTJltMr lii- t,uu iiiiaiiuS- " "; ?2?",r5 JIS I Woodforo-Scott-Bourbon district.ri - - by Mrrsr sr3sVUV ,il,Ult.SEARCH FOR FUGITIVE ENDSIN RAID OF BLIND TIGER.A search for a fugitive from justice,wanted in Bourbon County, and underindictment in the Bourbon CircuitCourt, resulted in Uo raiding of a"blind tiger" in Carlisle yesterday. Alarge amount of "wet goods" was confiscated by the officers.Jailer Joe Farris went to Carlisleyesterday m search of a man, who itis said, has been living in that city,and who is wanted by the Bourbon au-The State Illiteracy Commission,which will serve without compensation and will investigate and reportto the next General Assembly withrecommendations in regard to the extent of illiteracy in Kentucky, will becomposed of Mrs. Cora Wilson Stewart, of Morehead, author of the 'law;Miss Ella Lewis, county superintendent of Grayson, who has inaugurated"moonlight schools" in her county,and is working to eradicate adult illiteracy; President H. H. Cherry, ofthe Western State Normal; PresidentJ. G. Crabbe, of the Eastern State Normal, and State Superintendent BarksGrand Opera HouseThursday Evening, April 16TTU I PROGRAMMAXWELL HOLDENr -y f H Shadowgraphist.v auaeviiiedale Hamlett, ex-omcio, aGov. McCreary announcedpointments Friday night.member.the ap-MRALEXANDER EXONORATEDBY JUVENILE COURT JUDGE.'thorlliesof SheriffThe Keith Circuit is perhaps thehighest class vaudeville circuit in the ;United States today, and only citiesthe size of Lexington or larger cansecure such attractions as are offered. Paris is an exception, however,and there is a great opportunity forthe Pans theatre-goers having thesame chance of seeing the same vaudeville artists in the local theatre thatplay each week in Lexington, Louisville and Cincinnati," tThe Colonial Amusement Co., whichleases the Paris Grand, has been engaged in an effort for som etime looking to the securing or the vaudevilleartists which make this circuit andcontemplate making it permanenthere if the people demonstrate on theinitial appearance of Keith actors iniic ritv fi-wt t.hev really want suchhigh-class attractions.The first appearance of a Keith billin Paris will be on next Thursdayc. iing, when one of the very bestnow on the circuit will be the attraction. -One of the features of this performance will be Gregg's ten-piece orchestra, which will be'here for the occasion. Paris people should welcomethe advent of this vaudeville here,and show their hearty appreciationby extending the most liberal patron-of elo-crowd-mon3itt of Paris, who was m Lexingtonn-Iday, tolls this one on Col. Franklinvhich proves the truth of the allegation. P-ecently Col. Franklin, whowas attorney for the plaintiff in a suitagainst the L & N. railroad company,on trial m the Bourbon Circuit Court,was making a speech to the jury. Itwas about 11 o'elock in the morningwhen Col. Franklin began his argument, and it was soon apparent to thecourt, jury and spectators that thespeaker was "loaded for bear" thewnv fen besran soaring around in theempyrean in his daring flightsmiortpo Thp court room wased, and not only the spectators, but.the jury was getting worked up underthe hvpnotic spell of tne orator, auudenly striking a statue-of-Bartholdi'snnHP. Col. Franklin lifted his handbenignantly, and with due solemnityin his voice, shouted: "Two thousandyears aso the Master said to the turbulent waters of Galilee, ' Peace, bestill. " The echo of his voice hadhardly died away, Judge . Stitt says,when one of the jurors fainted andseveral showed sigts of prostration.The result was the court had to adjourn until 2 o'clock, when Col.Franklin resumed his address, but itwas noticeable that he toned downsome." "Parker and Chief of Police! -r-v 1 Zr--- ,-i.r I;v--k lv- t-nrtIS a Dunn, wiio miuiiueu mill Liiiu me;to whereabouts or tne negro was Knownand that he could place him under arrest in a short time.Accompanied by "Dunn, Parker andseveral deputies, Jailer Farris went tothe negro suburb of Henry ville, whereaccording to the Carlisle officials, thenc0vo wanted here was said to be living, and after surrounding the houseone of the officers attempted to gainadmittance. With this there was agrand rush of a number of men on theinside and in a few seconds, all of theexits were blocked by men endeavoring to escape. These, however, wereheld by the police and an investigation began, with the result a welleauioned saloon was found in theA few weeks ago The News published a letter written to Mr. George Alexander, of this city, from tire chiefprosecutor of the Juvenile Court inCincinnati exonorating him from anyconnection with the delinquency caseof Mildred Crane, in which he hadbeen mentioned among other prominent men as having been implicated.Mr. Alexander has been further exonerated by Judge Gorman, of the Juvenile Court, which is shown in the following dispatch sent out from Cincinnati Saturday. "Both the Judge andProsecutor in the Mildred Crane Juvenile Court case to-day personally7 Big 7FeatureActsRUSSELL AND CHURCHEccentric Comedy Dancing ActTHE HANAHSNovelty Roller Skating ActPAUL LA CROIX AND COMPANY'Comedy Hat ManipulatorsPRICESLower Floor, 75c;lery 25c.Balcony, 50; Gal-9 GIRLS OF THE GOLDEN WEIT.Big Scenic Instrumental Musical ActWILL ROGERSThe Amerciarj Cow Boy.THREE KEATONS 'Including Buster, the Boy AcrobatHe enlisted the assistance addressed letters to George Alexander, Paiis, Ky., banker, completelyt exonerating him from connection withthe case which resulted in heavy ftnesfor a number of men who pleadedguilty of contributing, in one way oranother to her delinquency."SPRING SHOES.Come in and inspect our line ofMen's Shoes in tan and blacks highcut and Oxfords, nobby toes "in theswell English last.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.(7-2t)..CURTAIN WILL RISE PROMPTLY AT 8 O'CLOCK, ON ACCOUNT OFTHE LENGTH OF THE PROGRAM. PATRONS ARE REQUESTED TOBE IN THEIR SEATS BY THAT TIME.SEATS NOV ON SALE AT THE ALAMO THEATRE.SITE FOR Y. M. C. A.SURVEYED 3YENGINEER.CARLISLE ST?- ?5EN ARE?SiTORS IN PAPJS.ttt , i x. t Col. H. N. RankinWork is being bushed on the speci-1 LInviUef of Carlisle.HUiXLIUllti 1U1 Hit: iTUllis i. Yl. K. ...SURVEYORS BEGIN ONNEW RAILROAD LINE..IUIL.thathouse, together with a crap taoie.Horace Amos, a nero, was arrested I Civil Engineer and railroad expertoption territory and lodged in jail, surveyors have began a survey of theoption territory and lodged in j ail. ! geographical lines of the east bank ofAmos was armed with a revolver and i the Lieking River from a point justit is said attempted to draw tne east ot tfaimoutn to iNewport, ivyweapon on Ciiief Dunn, whoh ad thedrop on his man, ana disarmed him.In the "blind tiger," it is said, therewere a number of Bourb6n countymen, who attended court in Carlisle,had sought the resort conducted byAmos, to duench their thirst. Theywill be compelled to appear as witnesses against Amos.The fugitive for whom Jailer Farmwas in search, was -not in the buildingwhen the raid was made.This is to be .done m order tnat anestimate of construction may be immediately made to the projectors ofthe proposed Virginia andRiver Railroad, who propose to opensome 80,000 acres of coal lands andsend their product through Newport,Ky., and Cincinnati 'over their ownrailroad, making connections at thelatter points with the Ghesapeake &building. A civil engineer has madea careful survey of the lot, on Main,between Ninth and Tenth, for the purpose of ascertaining the general contour of same and establishing thegrades. This information will beneeded by the architects in making upthe specifications for the foundation.As soon as this information is inthe hands of- the Board of Directorsdata will be made ready for the contractors with which to submit bids.POINTED PARAGRAPHSand Mr. N". B.-vera in' Paris.yesterday, returning from Georgetown, where they had been, makisarrangements to hold a sale of cattt.in that city on April 20. Col. Raakiand Mr. Linville returned a few fct7srago from Wisconsin, where they prchased a number of head of cattl imOxford and Genoa Junction. TNacars were shipped to ,GeorgetQwm.where they will be offerdd at poblia,sale.THE SPHERE OR THE' HAT?-s?SCfl ... MBm V! -0Kp and Chesapeake & Ohio of Indiana. x.aiiroaas. - -Better a hair in the head than twointhe brush.Experience teaches us how dishonest other people can be.Every man thinks he needs a wifeuntil after he acquires one.A good many people would say moreLicking Lif they didn't talk so much.A wise man makes the best of itwhen he gets the worst of it.The man who really knows a woman doesn't pretend to understandher.A girl who is jehummy with hermother can manage to get along pret-(New York Evening Telegram.) 'A woman does all she can to refeactrit when she is dressing to go owt ami.lecture on "How Women Is Eelargitac.Her Sphere." Cincinnati EnouirecUm! A most ingenious par&dwcStill. neither is the price of tfea Iwfcregulated by the size of it".It is easy tofrom the otheris found on barjdistinguish, estkind; the otherjain counters-.k$4ty well without a chap'erone-Every time a woman attempts .work off a ten-word compliment om a.man she is sure to spoil the effMt tar"transforming it iatoa serial sfeory' v?tf -"" kJ.4a,ii, J-T-?'&& j-jmf" -Hj, '- i, - - JT 4MPERFECT IN ORIGINAL!$T fur33r?wk 2HbMV 4'-re,- ..i i -m )inmr-: -'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYAPRIL 14 1914UXgiESED TO WOMENIS YOURS A"The Bourbon Newsfcr&2fci?Kot flashes, dizziness, fainting spells, backache, headache,bearing-dovm pains, nervousness all are oymptoms of irregularityand female disturbances and are not beyond relief. .msce'sis that of p. fano::s physician unusually experiencedin the treating or women's peculiar ailments. Forforty y-ara i- has been recommended to sufferingvrotnanlv'nd. Tnousands of women can bear witnessto its beneficial qualities. Perhaps its aid is all thatis rccrired to l&tfo-e to.jo'j perfect health and strength.Now 13 the II 3.2 to act, rritc Dr. R. V. Pierce's, UutTalo.z .&SJ t:oiv cthej)Mns. rvjif'N'r E 7V3r', of J?n irsTcIco, Cslif . writes:"I fve p'o.t.r. iir. i j 1 1 ' ; ir wonderful rcredu unltvSsh to rsy in ivhi :i v -ir rj :nw Prescription' and "LioldenilcOijal DiFcvf-. ' m-t ii-iiujrh their usel am isow curt3 of thaYJinr'i trvv r'.t a hjh js 'icir to. The30 remedies curedno v.-aen Ux j" -' ' t'eic.cre resolve to take no ether.I thank you for'.c-t i-tv .- "Tr&TJ&.ZXKVV?trV &&? SUFPTH"2"OUiStm)Mrs. RodgeksHSSSSSSSSSSSB NSKBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBISSBSSSSSSSSBSSSSSSSsIbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbmIbbbbbbbbbbbbbIbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbIHave You aHOME TELEPHONEOur Bourbon CountyBusiness is GrowingMore Rapidly ThanEver Before.Ask Your NeighborJ About The'Service, Then Let Us Figure With YouBit Paris Rome Celepbone and Cekarapb o(Incorporated)rJC 3. VEATCH, District Manager. K. E. SPEARS, Commerical Manager.&$&'&'&.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in "ring up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fov fine work and itdever goes bnck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.Bourbon Laundry,33Paris Kentucky," GEO W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 899.- -IIICantosAre You a Woman? HI Worn Out?Tbe Woman's TonicNo doubt you are, ifyou sitff er from any of thenumerous ailments towhich an women are subject. Headache, backache, sideache, nervousness, weak, tired feeling,are some of the symptoms, and you must ridyourself of them in orderto feel well. Thousandsof women, who havebeen benefited by thisremedy, urge you, toTAKEEstablished 188132 Years oftinouous Publication.Con-SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayHI SALE AT ALLDRUGGISTSP4ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.FLIES ARE THE MOSTDANGEROUS INSECTS KNQWNFlies are the filthiest of all vermin.They are born in filth, live on filthand carry filth around with them.They are maggots before they areflies.Flies are known to be carriers ofmillions of death- dealing diseasedgerms. They leave some of thesegerms wherever they light.Flies may infect the food you eat.They come to your kitchen or to yourdining table, fresh from the privyvault, from the garbage box, from themanure pile, from the cuspidor, fromdecaying animal or vegetable matter,from the contagious sick room withthis sort of filth on their feet and intheir bodies, and they deposit it onyour food, and you do swallow filthfrom privy vaults, etc.,-if you eat foodthat has come in contact with flies.Flies may infect you with tuberculosis, typhoid fever, scarlet fever,diphtheria, and other infectious diseases. They have the habit of feasting on tubercular sputum and otherdischarges of those sick with infectious diseases and then going directto your food, your drink, to the lipsof your sleeping child, or perhaps toa small open wound on your hands orface. When germs are deposited inmilk they multiply very fast; therefore milk should never be exposed toflies.WAR-TIME COTTON.A remarkable memento of ante-bellumdays was brought to BowlingGreen, Ky., the other day in some cotton grown on the plantation, of CarterAllen, of Smith's Grove, Ky., prior tothe Civil War. A guest at his housefound the cotton stowed away in somesacks in a building on the place. Itwas grown by the slaves of Mr. Allenand in those days commanded $1 apound. " While the staple is short, thecotton is of excellent quality, showingthat Warren county is capable of producing cotton of a superior quality.WHEAT CROP MAYEXCEED ALLRECORDSThe winter wheat crop this year isexpected to break all records. TheDepartment of Agriculture estimatedthe yield may exceed 551,000,000 bushels. The condition of the crop April1 was ninety-five per cent, within sixtenths of normal, or 11.5 per cent, better than the average condition duringthe past ten years. The acreageplanted last fall is estimated at 36,000,000 acres.KENTUCKY'S ACTUALAMOUNTS TODEBT$1,799,943.28Professional Cardsfi Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.. Office 514 Main Street.E. T, 136.tuyuca Homel36.MdtaaceE. T. 384.Home 334.K. A. fci KELIiEK,PRACTICING PHYSICIAN., Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's BldgKentuckyt; jr. WTJXiTAJCS,A m ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.a Gardui IThe Woman's TonicMrs. Sylvania Woods,of Clifton Mills, Ky., says:"Before taking Car dui,I was, at times, so weak Icould hardly walk, andthe pain in my back andhead nearly killed me.After taking three bottlesof Cardui, the pains disappeared. 'Now I feel aswell as I ever did. Everysuffering woman shouldtry Cardui." Getabottletoday. -68"The State debt proper at the closeof the fiscal year, June 30, 1913, was$1,799,943.28, represented by outstanding warrants," said Assistant StateAuditor G. B. Yykens, Friday, whenhe was shown the preliminary figuresof the United States census bulletinon the Kentucky debt. "I do notknow how the Census Bureau arrivedat the total of $4,450,000 as theamount of Kentucky's debt at thattime. In addition to the deficit, thereare certain school warrants on whichthe State pays in perpetuity for thebenefit of educational purposes 6 percent, interest, but these do not constitute a debt in the proper sense ofthe word. The bonds were given theschools as evidence of the obligationto pay them an income certain,amounting to 6 per cent, per annumon tne race oi me Donas, inese, aaaed to the deficit, as evidenced by thewarrants, make the total $4,286,964.39,and until I can see the items on whichithe total shown by the Census Bu-reau is based, I could not verify thefigures."These bonds I speak of are $165,000 for the benefit of the State University and the Colored Normal;county bonds issued January 1, 1885,for school purposes, amounting to$1,327,000, and the school bonds issued May 12, 1892, amounting to $606,641.04. Then there are miscellaneousscript and bonds aggregating $6,394never presented for redemption andprobably lost or destroyed."The sinking fund balance of June30, 1913, was $10,306.57, instead of$13,000, and $80,000 had been loanedto the general expenditures fund.The decrease in the sinking fundsince 1902 was due to the retirementof all outstanding bonds."Kentucky is practically on a cashbasis; a great many expenses comeout of-the annual revenues which inother States are taken care of bybond issues and the State bears manyexpenses that in other States areborne by the counties. This makescomparisons of per capita indebtedness, especially when the 'differencein population between States is considered, of little or .no practical ad-WARD TELLS OF WORK OFCOMMISSION DURING YEARJ. Quincy Ward, Executive Agent ofthe Kentucky State Game and FishCommission, told the members of theKentucky Fish and Game ProtectiveAssociation at Louisville that Kentucky would receive this year for thereplenishment of the streams andfields 14,000,000 fish 100 pairs of Hungarian partridges and deer and quailin small quantities if purchaseable.Deer hunting will again be a Kentucky sport, according to Mr. Ward.Twenty-four deer are already rangingpreserves in the mountains of theState. Quail will be the hardest toget, as there are no States that willallow these birds to be taken out ofthem.The speaker criticized the Legislature for its failure to pass bettergame protective laws. President Joseph G. Sachs announced plans forforming protective associations inmost of the counties of the State.The destruction of more than 1,000nets and traps last year has improvedfishing in Kentucky streams.CHECK YOUR APRIL COUGH.Thawing frosts and April -rainschill you to the very marrow; youcatch cold head and lungs stuffedyou are feverish cough continuallyand feel miserable. You need Dr.King's New Discovery. It soothes inflamed and irritated throat and lungs,stops cough, your head clears up, fever leaves, and you feel fine. Mr. J.T. Davis, of Stickney Corner, Me.,was cured of a dreadful cough after adoctor's treatment and all other remedies failed. Relief or money back.Pleasant children like it. Get a bottle today. 50c. and $1.00 at yourdruggist.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for all sores.(April) (adv)CONVICTS BEGIN WORKON STATE PRISON FARMFive convicts, all married men, andfour of them serving sentences offrom two to twenty-one years formanslaughter, left the Frankfort Refomatory Friday morning under thecharge of J. B. Schnorbus, of Covington, superintendent of the prison farm,to inaugurate the work on the newreformatory experiment.The men are Newton Arnold, ofPendleton county; W. W. Graham andCharles Renfor, of Carter county;Judge Watkins, of Breathitt county,and Fred Clifford, of Louisville, thelast named serving a term of one tofive years for grand 'larceny.Warden Wells says he picked married men with families because, allother things being equal, they aremore apt to be steady and less impelled to run away and become fugitives. The force will be increasedfrom time to time, and it is expectedthat thirty or forty men will be employed on the farm, besides the consumptives, in a few weeks.A long series of experiments in thePhilippines by army surgeons has disproved the theory that the deterioration of white persons in the tropics isdue to the actinic rays of the sun.Ml"MMM""TMM"MM"SBggssgy- z- a is-WM GMAll Growing Childrenare dependent on nourishment for growth.Their health as men and women is largelyestablished in childhood.If your child is languid, bloodless, tired when risinr. with.out ambition or rosy cheeks, Scott?s Emulsion is a wonderfulhelp. It possesses nature's grandest body-building fats sodelicately predigested that the blood absorbs its strengthand carries it to every organ and tissue and fibre.First it increases their appetite, then it adds flesh strengthensthe bones-make them sturdy, active and healthy.No alcohol or narcotic in Scott's Emulsion, just purity and streigti.p sgyguj sj.t,Mn j13-79IZIHSftZlgsssmsgmi mx ? fth$yg&msg&$m r hos3New Year s ResolutionsiThoughtful consumers of FUEL will resdIvs to obtain the htg hestefficiency for theirmoney during the year to come. This meansthat they will useJox $?tcitWeCoaij'THE FUELWITHOUT A FAULT."Dodson & DentonThe Home nf Good CoalYards, South Main St.Both Phones!l40Ih QBcs2Sc0gBJgVExecutor's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Julia Doyle, deceased, are requested to present sameproperly proven according to .law tothe undersigned for payment. Thoseknowing themselves indebted to saidestate will please call aund settle.FRANK SULLIVAN,Executor of the Estate of Mrs. JuliaDoyle, Deceased.(24-lmo.)IF SKIN BREAKS OUTAND ITCHES APPLY SULPHURUse It Like a Cold Cream and Dry Eczema Eruptions Right UpThe moment you apply bold-sulphurto an itching or broken out skin, theitching stops and healing begins, saysa renowned dermatologist.This remarkable sulphur made intoa thick cream effects such prompt relief, even in aggravated Eczema, thatit is a never-ending source of amazement to physicians.For many years bold-sulphur has occupied a secure position in the treatment of cutaneous eruptions by reason of its cooling, parasite-destroyingproperties and nothing has ever beenfound to take its place in relieving irritable and inflammatory affectionsof the skin. While not always establishing a permanent cure, yet, inevery instance, it immediately subdues the itching irritation and healsthe Eczema right up and it is oftenyears later before any eruption againmanifests itself.Any good pharmacist will supply anounce of bold-sulphur cream, whichshould be applied to the affected partslike the ordinary cold creams. It isn'tunpleasant and the prompt relief afforded is very welcome, particularlywhen the Eczema is accompanied withtorturous itching. (adv)cresav une -one bermBreeds MillionsA soro or cut lets thogerms under the skin.If you don't stop itsbreeding there will bomillions in a few days.Stop the Breeding With DR. BELL'SAntiseptic SalveIt stops the breeding at once. It keeps away allother germs It soothes and heals as sure asyou use it. A 25c. box will prevent hundredsof dollars of trouble"Toll It By The Bell"lewBarMopWindsor Hotel.Modern EquipmentPolite Service,Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDOUR BEST OFFER!The Ciggest Combination Bargain ofStandard 'Publications EverOfferedHERE IS THE OFFER:The Bourbon News.l year, $2.0tThe Weekly Enquirer, 1 year, $1.01,Farm and Fireside, semi-monthly, 1year, .50 cents.Household Journal and Floral Life;monthly, 1 year, .50 cents.Poultry Husbandry, monthly, 1year, .50 cents.To-Day's Magazine, monthly, 1year, .50 cents.Our Special Bargain Price forall Six, Each One Year, $2.75.INSURANCEAGAINSTHRE,WINDandLIGHTNINGI W. 0. HINT0N,:AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, seeme.t-or SaleAll Druggists.Strayed or Stolen.Sorrel mare from Paris, Ky., onenight last week. Right hind footswollen and foremane clipped. Themare was purchased from Bob Morris,of near Cynthiana and may havestrayed to the locality from which shecame. Liberal reward for her returntoMABEL JOSEPH,7-3t Paris, Ky.FOR RENT.Two rooms on third floor of Agricultural Bank Building. Heat andwater furnished.H. M. HamiltonVeterinarianOffice, Butler's Drug Store Phones261.Residence, E. T. 546; Home, 449.Paris, Ky.(10feb-2mo)9 S):Spruce UpNow is the time to haveyour wearing apparel cleaned and put in order forSpring.We Do the WorkRight.Comparison will affordyou an opportunity tojudge.Give Us a Trial.ELECTRICDRY GLEANIG GO.Ckhal 4 Applef ate, Pross.627 Main St, Paris, Ky.We consider this the biggest andbest bargain we have ever been ableto offer our readers. Our own publication heads the list. The other fivehave millions of readers and are toowell-known to need a further introduction. Please remember that our contractwith the publishers is limited andthis offer may be withdrawn at anytime. Take abvantage now while theopportunity is yours and you will notregret the investment. If you arealready a subscriber to any of theabove your subscription will be extended one year from the time it expires. Call or mail orders toTHE BOURBON NEWS,Paris, Ky.PILES! PILESI PILESWILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMETWm cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching PilIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by aU druggists', mail 50c and $1WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, 01L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.UK HUBpepG8llt $1,909 to $100 080w. king & son,S12 Cheapside. lexlngton, KvCANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I un- Jdertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.04"rDyBSSS9ONER0Pf tOUtlON rouiTRY cutedown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops la tiedrinking water cures amdprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. Ose50c bottle makes 12 galloss ofmedicine At all drof gists.Sample and booklet o Diseases of TowK" Stat TWMM.ssf B-vgfqf Aa TasbsbbbU sbTf ...,.,-. .VftUMgC. i(17-tf)1HFor Sale by W. T. BrMfw.i-'"j-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, APRIL 14, 1914it Parts Odorkss Cleaning Co. fLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New. 'You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockecLto your satisfaction.We CaSS Tor and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.'INDICTMENT DISMISSED VAFTER THIRTY-ONE YEARSAn indictment for jpnirder whichhas been filed away tor years was-re-docketedin thePranklin Circuit CourtTuesday and dismissed at the instance of the family of John LewisDailey, -who, it is alleged in the indictment, was killed by John and DickJenkins at Peaks' Mill in 1883. Theyare now residents of Oklahoma andprosperous, law-abiding: citizens, andthe relatives of Dailey said they didnot wish this charge to continueagainst them. Another brother ofthe Jenkins boys was tried and acquitted on the same charge. The killing took place when all were youths.The trouble started at a picnic andculminated in the tragedy at a ballgame. Dailey was killed with a club.COUGH MEDICINE FOR CHILDREN"JOSEPH AND' -HIS BRETHREN"AT LEXINGTON OPERA HOUSEfgstfO-' ' " ..,, '-'wmM -JBfflBPlfefcs.. DA,ifsiF teiste&-iW.Mfe (Fare 3QSpTWEENLEVELANDSUFFALOTHE GREAT SHIP "SEEANDBEE"Lenetti 500 feef breadth 93 feet, 6 inches; 510 staterooms and parlors accommodating 1500 passenger. Greater in cost larger in aU proportions richer in all appointments than any steamer oninland aters of the -world. In tervice June 15lh.M-irWnt Steamer. "SEEANDBEE," "City of Erie" and "City of Buffalo", &Daily CLEVELAND and BUFFALO May 1st to Dec. l.t-.r T Tl.rl . DIMS TIavo Cleveland . - UU V. M.Arrive BufioloLeave Buffalo6.30 A. M. Arme Cleveland fc(Central Standard Time)8.00 P. M.6:30 A.M.Connections at Bnffalo for Niagara Falla and aU Eastern and Canadian Points. Railroad ticketreadme between Cleveland and Buffalo are good for transportation onoar teamers. Askyour uciet agent for ticket via C- & B. Line. Write us for handsome illustrated booklet free.THE CLEVELAND & BUFFALO TRANSIT CO.. Cleveland.JD.Too much care cannot be exercisedin selecting a cougli medicine forchildren. It should be pleasant totake, contain no harmful substance,and be most effectual. Chamberlain'sCougli Remedy meets these requirements and is a favorite with the mothrers of young children everywhere.For sale by all dealers.(April) (adv)Asia, which is the largest of the continents, has an estimated area of 17,057,666 square miles.The Italian army balloon, "Citti diMilano" exploded on the ground atMilan and fifty persons were injured.STRENGTHENS WEAKAND TIRED WOMEN."I was under a great strain nursinga relative through three months' illness," wntes Mrs. J. C. Van De Sande,of Kirkland, Jll., "and Electric Bitterskept me from breaking down. I willnever be without it." Do you feeltired and worn out? No appetite andfood won't digest? It isn't the springweather. You need Electric Bitters.Start a month's treatment today;nothing better for stomach, liver andkidneys. The great spring tonic.Relief or money back. 50c. and $1.00at your druggist.(April)Haruko, Dowager Empress ofI pan, died at the imperial villaNamazu.Ja-ati SPRING LAXATIVEAND BLOOD CLEANSER.i::miTOBACCO JCOTTON !- . s899ftftftftftftftftftftftftftftftftftSftft1At Lowest PricesTwinBE c BibutBpn'i Qinrpull I ulUlC,Of all interpretations of variousroles last season in New York City,none received higher commendationthan that of Madame Nazimova forher portrayal of "Mrs. Chepstow," inJames Bernard Fagan's adaptation of"Bella Donna." In the delineation ofthis somewhat unpleasant heroine bythe distinguished Russian actress shehas scored a positive triumph. Chas.Frohman has made an elaborate andhandsome production for "Bella Donna." With her New York company ofcapable players, Nazimova comes tothe Tevington Opera House Thursday,April 16. , (adv)By far the biggest thing whicEcomes to Lexington, will be the splendid pageant drama, "Joseph and HisBrethren," at the Lexington OperaHouse for three nights, April 13f 14,15, with matinee Wednesday, 15th.This marvelous production is thethird and greatest of the colossal Liebler Company, spectacles from theCentury Theatre, New York, the companion play to "The Garden of Allah"and "The Daughter f Heaven.""Joseph and His Brethren" is universally conceded to be the most magnificent theatrical show yet given inAmerica. In London it is now beingdone by an English company Jieadedby Sir Beerbohm Tree and Miss Marine Elliott, but next week Lexingtongets the original New York production with its world of scenery and effects and the same superb cast ofprincipals which played the piecethere all last winter. There are fouracts, eleven massive scenes, and asmall army of two hundred and fiftypeople concerned in the play. Brandon Tynan plays "Joseph;" that sterling stage veteran, James O'Neill,"Jacob;" and the most beautifulwoman on the American stage, MissPauline Frederick, the role of "Pot-iphar'-sWife." Other notable actorsin the teast are W. Ti. Carlton, HenryHarmon, Charles D. Herman, RosinaHenley, Dramatic S. E. Rose's cleverdaughter, Ruth Ruse, and five scoremore of the favorites who delightedNew York audiences for six months.The story is told in the sonorousclassical English of the Bible itself.The author is Louis N. Parker, themost famous playwright of the present day, who has given the contemporary stage John Drew's "Rosemary,"George Arliss' "Disraeli," "PomanderWalk," "Drake," etc. The scenery isbeyond all description. So massive,beautiful and intricate is it that aforce of one hundrcG men are necessayr for its handling. There areherds of camels, oxen, asses, goats,horses and sheep. There is a balletcorps of twenty-four dancers in thewonderful palace scene in Pharaoh'scourt. "Joseph and His Brethren" isthe last word in modern stagecraftand spectacular drama. During itsengagement at Lexington the eveningperformance will begin at eighto'clock sharp, and the matinees attwo p. m. Seats may be ordered bymail if remittance is enclosed togetherwith a self-addressed stamped returnenvelope.Prices 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.50, ?2.00.(adv)To save the expense of a long andcostly approach the city end of a newbridge that will span Havana harborwill terminate in a spiral drivewayand footway making four turns.Two can live as cheaply as one ifthey are twins and have an old-fashionedmother.Recent statistics credit the UnitedStates with about one automobile foreach two miles of country road.FIRST CLASS SERVICE ATFREEMAN'S BARBER SHOP.Having engaged the service of LouisLivers, an experienced barber, I amnow prepared to handle my trade andgive the most thorough satisfaction.Give me a call add be convinced.BUCK FREEMAN.CLEARS COMPLEXIONREMOVES SKIN BLEMISHESSeventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.BringslmsBookWhy go through life embarrassed anddisfigured with pimples, eruptions,blackheads, red rough skin, or suffering tlie tortures of eczema, itch, tetter, salt rheum? Just ask your druggist for Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment. Follow the simple suggestionsand your skin worries are over,for babies and delicate, tender skins.Stops chapping. Always helps. Relief or money back. 50c at yourdruggist.(April) (adv)LONELY YOUNG PEOPLE TOBE BROUGHT TOGETHER"If the two associations the YoungMen's Christian Association and theYoung Women's Christian Association can give lonely men a chanceto meet congenial, lonely girls socially at dances and elsewhere, we," saidWilliam Fellowes Morgan at a recentjoint dinner of the organizations, inNew York, "will be doing much tosolve one of the big problems in NewYork sociology loneliness, and thesame would obtain everywhere else."This suggestion by Mr. Morgan, whois presidentt of the New York YoungMen's Christian Association, met withthe hearty approval of Mrs. JamesStewart Cushman, head of the YoungMrs. Cushman said the plan wouldwork admirably.TREESStrawberry Plants'HHHSftilSri1 JJJHg B jf VFdjjS JB3w SfTMMLJuJ lT'Ib! t bMPJI STJBBBBBBBWFIREPROOF Mand KKj -,' l" '"ILZ VlCannot burn never leak look well-are inexpensive. They cover the best homes,churches, schools and public buildings all dverthe country.For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.DEAFNESS CANNOT BE CUREDby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portions of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness, and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucouslining of the Eustachian Tube. Whenthis tube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed deafness isthe result, and unless the inflammation can be taken out and this tuberestored to its normal condition, thehearing will be destroyed forever;nine cases out of ten are caused byCatarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of deafness (caused bycatarrh) that cannot be cured byHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circu-F.' J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by druggists, 75cTake Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (April) (adv)s Tmt Crurf-Da4.BftMBBBBBPBft7wAB used May-Apple mwQjMft Root to releasehe m&m1 bile from the liver. mWAP'mIt griped those days ylm. but in the PODOLAX fiSjVFor Sare by AM Druggists.LOOK TO YOUR PLUMBING.You know what happens in a housein which the plumbing is in bad condition everybody in the house is liableto contract typhoid or some other fever. The digestive organs performthe same functions in the human bodyas the plumbing dose for the house,and they should be kept in first-classcondition all the time. If you haveany trouble with your digestion takeChamberlain's Tablets and you arecertain to get quick relief. For saleby all dealers.April (adv)More than 370,000,000 feet of lumberare used each year in "New Yok inmaking boxes.Luke McLuke Says:COUNTY COURT DAYS.Below is a list of the days Pi w MbTj'Courts are held each month In empties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawreceourg, 3d Monday,.Bath, Owingsville, 2d MondayBourbon, Paris, "list Monday,.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday,Breathitt, Jackson, 4th Mondays -Clark,Winchester, 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MoI5rFranklin, Frankfort, 1st MondaysGarrard, Lancaster, 4th MondkyvGrant, Williamstown, 2d Monday,,Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday,Henry, Newcastle, 1st Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3dMoai'Lee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, nd Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday,Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday."Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st MonftijtMontgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d 3bTmday.Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday.Oldham, Lagrange, 4th Monday,jOwen, Owenton, 4th Monday.TPeJndleton, Falmouth, 1st MondayPowell, Stanton, 1st Monday. -Pulaski,Somerset, 3rd MondayScott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wa'yne, Montecello, 4th Monday;Woodford, Versailles. 4th Momlisj:Gasixh ithna f tPlumbing and Elecri- J.cal Work in All tTheir BranchesMasda (Tungston) LampsStoves, Rangesand Appliances.Spicer &fiilchrist, !Elks' BuildingE.L Phone, 103Home Phone, 101"4A knapsack sprayer that a Nebraskan has patented is operated by bellows under its user's feet, which arej alternately compressed as he walks,pumping air into the reservoir.j There is nothing strange in the fact! that William Jennings Bryan is suffer' mg from voice trouble, as the finestpiece of machinery ever built will getrusty when laid up during the off sea-ton.It is free it tells how you can havelocal and long distance telephone service in your home at very small cost.Send for it today. Write nearest Bell Telephone Manager, or- FARMERS' LINE DEPARTMENTCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyBecause she keeps 27 cats, a lunacycommission at Ithica, N. Y., reportedi hat Miss Jennie Butts, 60, shouldhave a guardian.POINTED PARAGRAPHSr w(if A3A g&xr-INCORPORATED.What is bred in the bone shows upin the soup.Whoever heard of an actress seeking a divorce without publicity?Turkeys are innocent birds; almostany woman can stuff them.Some of our joys and most of oursorrows are due to ignorance.It is something else than true loveif the girl retains her appetite.Men are great pretenders; some ofthem even pretend to understand women. Occasionally a man wins a. fight because he hasn't the nerve to run away.He who loves his neighbor as himself is never on the devil's calling list.A woman's idea of a happy deathto be crushed to death in a shoppingcrowd.A friend may be a chap who hopesFruit and Shade Trees,Shrubs, Asparagus, GrapeVines, Rhubarb, Peonies,Phlox, Seed Potatoes, etc.Everything for Orchard,Lawn and Garden.Free Catalog No AgentsEillennseyer & Sons,Lexington, Ky .Nurserymen Since 184120feb2mo)IBkmeuiSS&JiA&riut(Cincinnati Enquirer.)You think a wagon makes a lot ofnoise when it is empty. But youought to hear a man when he is full.About this time of year a man wonders whether it's conscience or hisliver that haunts him, and he doesn'tknow whether to repent or take calomel. When a married couple separate because of misunderstanding you can bet ithat they understand one another too !well.A good dancer is supposed to "belight on his feet. And a lot of themlook as though they were pretty lightat both ends.Tell a girl that she is looking fineand she will hunt up a mirror andpowder her nose.A corn-fed girl doesn't lose a winkof sleep over the fact that she has totake an out size in stockings. But adouble chin will keep her awake allnight.1 9 f'PKENTUCKY TRACTION & TESINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 am10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p mDaily except Sunday.Leave Pzr&for Lexingto6:45 a 227:30 a a8:15 & atv-9:00 as9:45 a a?11:15 a" 12:45 p.2Hc2:15 pi 3:45 y aee4:30 par.5:15 p r6:05 p-x6:50p ke8:15 p siltf:0o'p-3BSpecial Rates &' Excursions.Kound trip Winter Tourists to allprincipal winter resorts in Alabama,Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina and Havana,Cuba, on sale daily Oct. 1, 1913, untilApril 30, 1914, with final limit May 31,1914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas and New Mexico,, on saledaily Nov. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914,with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberalstopovers allowed on all winter tourist tickets. Also low round tripHomeseekers' tickets to noints in Al-that he can use you before you caiKabma. Florida. Louisiana. 'Mississinni.l . I ' ' ' xre-tuse mm;ggfr 122 SOUTH PRYOR STREET, ATLANTA, GEORGIA.Man wants but little here below,but women are always looking forbasement bargains.A bore is a man who when he hasan hour to spare, goesvand spends itwith someone who 1-asn't.As a matter of fact life is a greatdeal like patronizing a cheap restau-irant. The thinsrs vou reallv want donot show up on the bilL-offare. NA'I Von sale first and third Tuesdays ineach month, final limit 25 days frondate of sale. Stop-overs allowed inHomeseekers' territory. For furtherinformation call on or addressW: H. HARRIS., Agent.-T IT . cmitu t" &,W I-WIH1III ,.-.-1.T:HE Lace Front Corset hasnow come to its own itsspecial features make forexceptional comfort in any position, at the same time affordingthe figure a natural and neededsupport because it is constructedon correct hygienic principles.The best material, regardless ofcost, has always been used inthese corsets workmanship isexquisite you will find theCalma Lace Front Corset the leaderin shops that make a specialtyof pleasing their customers.Prices $2.00 and $3.00On Salt atFRANK & CO.'Aty.. a. ,'ii i-iMP-ftB 9 VSJr 0 4 mm,mm JmwUr -m. Ji JLlk. Jt7,v . ' ?? 1" - vte?, : mr -tvjtt" i4 . -K vv xw.Jkdr 4d3flCflKahfrw'J XJWU &l j. -i- .. '-- -IT . . r ..- j. .!. .A.I. Jw I.K.. .'Z.r . - - j -. ,; . i srWr-t,j - r-?U2-3 .4uC rr l . - Y -. HI Ml P Mi I ! I PI II?&:;rtV Nuwiiiii 9f0m. s.'V.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS RY., APRllI 14, 191:4i1V3?si-r-w1A,sKnLOOK!Look! Look!PARISnGMDDjSl. T 3E 353One Night OnlyThursday,(rAnlOOO-ifflr urea urcnggsi sesira.Special NoticeOn account of the length of the performancethe curiam will rise promptly at 8 o'clock. Reserved seats now on sale at box office of AlamoTheatre.SCALE OF PRICESEntire Lower Floor 75cEntire Balcony 5c1 sfcThree Rows Gallery, Reserved 35euaiauius i ucmiiry &5C2fiBHRasaUDEATHSBOURBON MAN RECEIVESHONOR AT TRANSYLVANIAPHIPPS.The body of Mrs. Kate Phipps,who died in St. Joseph's Hospital, inLexington, was buried in the Catholic cemetery here, Saturday afternoon, the body being taken from the3:30 train to the cemetery. Mrs.Phipps was formerly Miss Kate Daly,daughter of Thomas Daly, who resided-nearCentreville, on the Cynthiana pike.SMITH.Col. T. H. Smith, president ofBeaumont College, one of the mostprominent educators of the South,died of uraemic poisoning at Beaumont College Saturday. He was seventy-eightyears old. The funeral services were held at the college to whichhe had devoted the last twenty yearsof his life. Rev. Bunyan McLeod, ofthe Presbyterian church, and the Rev.W. P. Harvey, of the Baptist church,conducted the last rites.MARSH.Mr. John W. Wright received atelegram Sunday announcing the'JLljlbq aniBS s.il 'J9?sis jaij jo ijxeopwhich occurred Saturday night atElsmere, Fla. Mrs. alarsh was thedaughter of the late Andrew Wright ofBourbon. For the past several yearsshe has been a resident of Florida.She is suivived by two childreu, Mr.Jas. Marsh and Mrs. Neoma Reynolds, also one sister, Mrs. BelleGaines, of Texas, ana one brother, Mr.John Wright, of this county.The remains will be brought toibis city for burial, but the funeralarrangements have not been arranged.The Lexington Herald of Sundaycontained the following:"G. Paul Smith, of Millersburg, asophamore of Transylvania University, a member of the Boar's HeadChapter, Sigma Upsilon of that institution, has been awarded second placein the prose fiction contest conductedby the National Monthly."In order to become a member ofthe Sigma Upsilon a man must dosome creative work which is passedon by the magazine committee andthe chapter which he is to join, andthe honor of being among those winning a position in the awards is rarelyattained by an undergraduate."The first prize was won by EdgarB. Jackson, of Osiris Chapter, Randolph-MaconCollege, and the judgeswere Dr. L. W. Miles, of Princeton;Dr. J. D. Bruce, of the University ofTennessee, and Dr. Pierce Butler, ofSophie Newman College."BOURBON FARMERS ARE ABUSY WITH SPRING WORKMrs. Delia Carr was arrested atYounE'own. 0., charged with stabbing her husband when he complainedoZ late supper.t1M, Wilt i Co.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, KentuckyLace Curtains andHouse DraveriesComparatively little spring plowinghas been done in this section on account of rain or freezing weather.But every nour ol suitaDie condition ,has been used to good advantage by ,the farmers in pushing their work, t JMany beds, it is said, were damaged 4.by the freeze last week. IAll over the county in every direc- jtion may be seen long white stretchesof cotton, showing that hundreds of jtobacco beds have been sown, and &the tiny seeds under their protecting &covers will soon begin to give promiseof rich returns.The grass, which throughont thewinter has shown the effects of theunprecedented drouta of last year hastaken on new life, and the greenmeadows afford abundant pasturagefor the flocks and herds.The fruit -crop promises to beabundant and unless a severe freeze. occurs within the next few weeks, theThe division of education of Har- indications are that this will be avard University and the city of New- banner fruit year. The trees havetnn. Mmr.. maintain a ioint fellowshin passed the winter in good shape andHV..y .... r .-- .- .. rfor research in education.MATRIMONIALhavethe buds are swellinsTHE PLACE TO BUY.Buy your Easter suit and hat fromMitchell & Blakemore. (7-2t)GUNMEN PAY EXTREMECHAPMAN-SMITH.The following: invitations! .! . -n. .BJ-J - .1. Iueu xecei.eu uy xraris inenos oi tne i OSSINING, N. Y., April 13. Thebride-elect, who live dhere during her four gunmen, slayer of Herman Ros-SCllOOl Clays While her father was SU- Anthn.l Hia Kaw VnrTr jmmhlpr worn..., V..w -.v., --...-. 0.-.u.u. , .. ,. wThe passing of Easter ushers in the Season of Spring,the rejuvenating of nature which inspires us with thespirit of renewing and remodeling our Home EnvironmentNewly papered rooms call for Window Drapery, whetherit be Lace Curtains or the more pretentious Damask Curtains, or perhaps a combination of both Lace with sunfastoverdrapes, sideropes, vallances is a matter for you andthe expert draper to decide upon. We are at your servicewith our advice as well as our stock ofHouse DrapingsO$oovif- 1 . . -1 .specialties m luarquisettes ana scrims at attractive 9Dnces. iNoveities m cretonnes irom lbc a vard un n- oholstery materials in the greatest variety and at lowesi;prices. Lace edges and Guimps of every style and tomatch all materials; 3,000 yards of 40-inch wide Scrim inwhite and cream at 12 l-2c a yard. This article comparesfavorably with the usual 25c quality. New willow furniture pieces and new lamps continually received.m 1saijggperintendent of the public schools:Mr. and Mrs. George WashingtonChapmanrequest the pleasure of your companyat the marriage of their daughterJerometoMr. Landon Garland Smithon Wednesday evening, the twentyninth of Aprilnineteen hundred and fourteenat h?If after eight o'clockAt HomeTupelo, Mississippi.PENALTY FOR MURDER.Call for our booklet entitled ''Draping the Home.,,.1?.chairput to death in the electricabout 6 o'clock this morning.They were brought into the deathchamber and executed in the following order: Frank Cirofici, "DagoFrank;" Frank Seidenshner, "Witeyj Lewis ;" Harry Horowitz, "Gyp theBlood," and Louis Rosenberg, "LeftyLoie."Forty minutes passed between thetime that "Dago Frank" was strappedinto the death chair until the last of - - -,h -y. -?,the quartet of gunmen was pronounc- $ &..! s JSL Jl JLJL 5g j C3 JLjL ?ea aeau.tomommI uolfy uileJUL fJformerlj Jfaufmanj Straus dc Cto.aSLTTT-' ' tjr -?&a.1TWTII11 ITWirWfTirnmflMln-MTlMITTM I im i . ' VVTTTVTTTVVT'rVTYVTTVVT7,rTTVVVV,,VVVTVW1fVvWVTVVT'f qPWM.BMMg i msas tzmzm mmjLLQ&zmm!i mmmmm) QasasB zmmmmt caaadaaB mmJ . Ol All Ladies and Misses9 Woolen 1B HOM OF I jf&. nr WTD Ml J" ' """ "" Iim i mm Kj4 'i 'V5I HOME OF jCADET HOSIERY j! -JimBCC3SOOQGK2COSGaSi)S3SG33o3eGOO899aG8S0GQSGOSCOeGOSSCSeOeeSGG(SQQyING to the backward Spring Season we find ourselves overstockedwith Woolen Suits and Dresses. Our Summer stock is now beginningPresses we make bia" "H'easto arrive and to clean- out our Woolen Suits andin our pricescutrollows:SKUXUXESI UU 8 Oil dtial)VniMnnlmi fsSU ..'ivll Is Io411 this season's styles. Madeof Crepes, Crepe Cords, Gaberdinesand Serges. All sizes.$35.00 Suits Nov 'Z.0f7S30.00 Suits Now 23.7525.00 Suits Nov -g'9s7520.00 Suits Now H 6.7515.00 Suits Nov HI c75No Marks ChangedEvery piece as originally markedand priced as above. Bring thisprice list with you.New Moire and Poplin Silk Saits.Special Values atJust ReceiveNewest ModelsCREPE WAISTSWASH WAISTSWASH SKIRTSWASH DRESSESSee Our Line of $5.00Trimmed HatsPAsrU.This season's choicest models,mostly in dark shades, black and.checks, Materials Sponges, Crepesand Series.$18.00 Dresses Nov $ 1 2.7515.00 Dresses Now 9.7512.50 Dresses Now S.7510.00 Dresses Now. .. . . .757.50 Dresses Now. 5.00Every GarmentNew this season and desirable.To buy now is wise; to delay" isfoolish.COME AND SEEA-Frank&Co.Nadia, CaSmaand Rengo Belt CorsetsWWWBBBBWWf JBBBMm jjjj jy dMMBBBMBfc MfcMWlBBMfc j m mji3 IQQfiC ?rx twye; MmkA; l?&fitrX.&, ;Tt V tfI 'KinH i?" lull mts.tf'' 1J., -si&THE BOURBON NEWS; , PARIS, i KENTUCKY, APRIL .14 1 814&414W0wifiiiHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADSOCIAL AND PERSONALMrs. Ford Brenv was a visitor inLexington Friday.Judge Harmon Stitt was a visitorDO IT NOW.Now Is the time to6uy your Gas Stovesbef ore the Springrush starts. We cando the work promptly. Paris Gas & Electric Co.Allie- Jones, Redmon albott, Jos. M.Hall. W. R Hukill. James Hukill.Douglas Thomas, Edward Bedford,jOcsai Johnson, Letton Vimont andoauiora carpenter, were-among tnosefrom Paris and Eourbon 'County whoattended the stallion show in Lexington yesterday.Miss Lelia Kiser grave an EasterI egg rolling in Mrs. James Mernaugh's-SEED CORN.1 Carefully selected and tested. Germination high- Phones 14.(13-4t) CHAS. S. BRENT & BROEASTERN STAR CHAPTERTO HAVE MEETNG TO-NIGHT.Members of the Eastern Star willassemble at the hall, to-day, at 2:30p. m., for special work.B,un i cRS OF THE CONFEDERACY TO MEET SATURDAY.Tie Daughters of the Confederacynill meet Saturday afternoon at 2: GO, JTt their room in the court house.W ANTED.jA. makn to cultivao on the efcftre?,too. acie in tobacco. Good lnaa, baraand slicks. Three-rocw bouse.7&t R. B. IIUTCHCEAFT.NEW NEWS ST A WD.Having taken the agancy for thsLanis-ville Courier-Journal, The Louisville Herald, The Louisville Tiu&jand the Louisville PosL, they can bohod e'STRUBY & CO'S CIGAR STOREt434 Main StreetDaugherty's Old Stand. (It)CABIN ON CHA3. C.COLLINS FARM BURNEDA cabin on the farm of Chas. C.Collins, on the Rednion pike, burnedFriday afternoon. The Joss is about55500. Will Brown, colored, who occupied the cabin, lost all his householdgoods. One of his children was illwith pneumonia. There was no insurance.CITY PROPERTYWASTERSOLD P.YCOMMISSIONER.Auctioneer LI. F. Kenney sold Saturday at the court house door Tor Master Commissioner C. A. McM Ian theMaria Anderson property or. Highstreet, adjoining St. Pauls' M. E.church, to Jnmes J. LIcCIIVol ) for$2,105. At the same time AuctioneerKenney sold for Master Coramis' ionerMcMillan the Lewis "nith houso rndlot on Williams street, between 7thand Sth streets, to C.for $080.H. Peddicord,in Lexington Friday.Mr. Elbridge Snapp was a visitor I yard on Henderson street, Saturdayaiternoon. Tnose who enjoyed theaffair were Misses Leliia Kiser, Martha Hall, Mary Baxter Harvey, Josephine Ardery; Charles Hardin Harvey and Everett Lail.SEED POTATOES.Slrausburg Sweet Potatoes forts'eeding., ' JOHN SAUER.SPRING SHOES.Your Easter outfit will be very incomplete without a pair of new shoes.Tliat new suit or dress will bo addedito 100 per cent, if you have on a pairof those Nettleton or Hanan Shoes.Patent leather, tan, suede, etc., in thelatest shapes for ladies, children andmen. Call in and see our new Springstyles.(7-2t) GEORGE MeWILLIAMS.RELATIVE OF PARIS MENTO BE HEAD OF ASYLUMDr. F. L. Peddiccrd, of Louisville,was appointed Superintendent of theCantral State Hospital at Lakeland,by the members of the Stato Board ofCcatrol of Charitab'e lastiiutaons at asneering held in F aukfort last Wednesday. The appointment was madeafter th& resignation of Br. W. E.Gardner, $6t many years superintendent of the iastiutlon, was receivedWith regret. It is expected that theappointment pf Dr. Peddicord will beapproved by Governor McCreary m afew days.Dr. Pedd.cord is forty-two years oidand .has "been firt assistant at hospital -since Daeember 1,1912. He is aaatative of Bracken county, but practiced formerly at' Burlington, in. BooneQetuoty. He has announced that onlya evr changes will be made in thepresent staff of the institution.Tr. PeSdicord Is a cousin of Messrs.. Qkaries akd Osoar Peddicord, of thisWILL MAKE A DIFFERENCE.? A new liat from Mitchell & Blake-mm-Awill make a difference in yourappearance.C7-2t)AUTO DELIVERY TRUCKDAMAGED BY FIREA largo aulo delivery truck belonging to Baldwin Bros, was badlydamaged by fire Frjday afternoon, onSeoond street.Tho car was being driven by JimLetton, colored, who was accompaniedby Mr. Boone Baldwin. The machinehad been started down the hill nearthe home of Mrs. weine niguimm,when the car was discovered to be onfire Mr. Baldwin and his porter succeeded in removing a calf from the.' machine, and beat the flames withv blankets until the arrival of the firedepartment, when the fire was extinguished with "hand extinguishers.The engine and body of the madUne v.as badly .damaged by the fire,Ji ,- r. .fti,nhlR that the auto will-. lucre to be returned to tte factory anfldamage i vw. jrebuilt.insuranceaA.Tlie&m wi ti&kmnz ijf w-j3tomas ec wooosronf.I?n f-t Hf or-lirio- CInnflovr " "Mrs. Shields Bush, of Winchester,! is the guest of Mrs. D. C. Lisle.Miss Sythie Kern is the guest ofMrs. John L. Bosley, in Winchester.Messrs. Joe Farris and M. J. Murphy were visitors vt Carlisle yesterday. Mrs. Frank Fithian is at Martinsville, Ind., under treatment for rheumatism. Miss Julia Frank, of Louisville, isvisiting Mr. and Mrs. B. A. Frank onBroadway.Miss Mary Peed, of Mayslick, ishere for a visit to her dister, Mrs. Albert Hinton.Mr. John VanMeter, of Danville,is here visiting his daughter, Mrs.John Woodford.Mrs. Leon Bell, of Louisville, formerly Miss Nita Hudson, is visitingMr. and Mrs. R. M. Harris.Miss Mattie Hedges, of LexingtG-n, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.Chas. Ciendenin, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. -Gfnitt Boardmanleave to-day for Chicago to visit Mr.and Mrs. J. L. Eailywine.ftliss Mildred Lisle, of Paris, wasthe guest the past week of Mrs.Shields Bush, in Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. Richard Myall havearrived from Chicago, for a visit toMr. and Mrs. William jIyall.Miss Ann Jouett Davis was aguest of Miss Kitty Withers Berry ata, party in Lexington, Saturday afternoon. Mr. Phillips Smith, of this city,was the guest last week of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. L. I Smith, in Lagrange Mr. ana Mrs. William Brewer, ofCovington are guests of Mr. and Mrs.I. D. Thompson, at their home in thecountry. jMisses Mabel and Lula Lyons, ofLexington, were guests of Mrs. Edward Faulconer, on Sixteenth street,Sunday.Miss Elizabeth Fisher is improving nicely from the effects of an. operation for appendicitis at the MassieHospital.Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr.. has returned from Louisville, and reportsthat her .father, Mr. W. O. Hinton, isrecovering rapidly.Mrs. Rachel Barlow and daughter, Miss Mary Ashbrook, arrivedFriday night from Florida, and arewith Mrs. Frank Kiser.Misses Mariai and ElizabethClay Alexander, who are attendingschool in Cincinnati, spent the weekend with their parents, Mr. and Mrs.George Alexander.Miss Frances Champ, of this city,", a member of a house party whichis being given this vi eek by Miss Margaret Dale Thurman, at her home in-uciiorage.Flemingsburg Times - Democrat:"Mrs. Henry A. Power and daughter. Miss Sarah, came m batururyfrom Paris, to be the guests of thefamily of E. H. Kenner for a fewdays."Mr. Warren Fisher, editor of theCarlisle Mercury, spent Sunday withhis sister, Miss Eliz.Deth Fisher, whois recovering from the elects of anaeration at thet Massie MemorialHospital, in this city.jilrs. W. L. Yerites and daughter,Miss Elizabeth Yerkes, left Friday fora visit to the family of Hon. John W.Yerkes, in Washington, D. C. Fromthere they will 'go to New York City,and expect to be absent about twoweeks.Miss Anita Haggard, who hashPPn the ecu est of Mr. and Mrs. Alex.Tingle and Miss Willie Tingle, in thiscity, returned yesterday to her homein Covington. She was accompaniedby Miss Tingle, who will be her guestfor several days.The following invitations havebeen issued:The Senior ClassofThe Bourbon College'requests your presencerviday evening, April seventeenthBi,ht o'clock Reception1j-lC MrocwI I rtJ5cr of Oai-day saiJ: ' ConJlUw- t DiaLi RThompson, of the L. & N. Railway,who Las been residing in Maysyb.for several years, has besn transferred to anotner run on the road andyesterday he aiid Mrs. 'ino-npson i.,for Lexington, where thsy will mtheir future hom3. Their niece, , .Maude Thompson Puckett, who Jbeen the stenographer and boolili?er at the Magnolia Flouring Mills, awho made her nome wim wcx"nftmnnniefl them to Lexington, .will go to Louisville to reside with herparents. Mr. Elmer Thompson, thrson, will remain in Maysville witathe' telephone company for the present." , ,,Mrs. William Remington and Mrs.Gertrude Smoot entertained Saturdaafternoon with a delightful card par.in honor of their guest, Mrs. Browning, of Mason County. The occasionwas one of the most delightful of theseason. There were six tables ofolayers. The decorations were mspring flowers, jonquils and kyacinthes After the games a delightfullnuch was served. Among those present were: Mesdames Frank M. Clay,James H Thompson, Harry B. Clay,t ... rn,ri,. Pnhprt. Meteer. E. P.Claybrook, Callie Thomas NicholsPerry Hutchcraft, Logan Howard.Thornwell Tadlock, Warren Rogers. -jri1 U-. Til fl i! fC M Best, iviuieisuuis, . . -Ciintock, W. R. Scott, William Kennev J W. Bacon, E. M. Dickson, JohrDean, Swift Champ, Misses Lucy Colville, Bessie Purnell, Jennie HowaraClara Bacon, Mason Talbott; and MrsFrank P. Kiser, Mrs. Robert Goggip,Carl Wilmotb, Ed. Turner.Mrs Browing, of Mason County,who'has been the guest of Mrs. Wm.Remington, and Mrs. Gertrude Smoot,returned home yesterday.Miss Elizabeth msner, wnu ieoently underwent an -operation, for,appendicitis at the Massie MemorialWnfimtflL is rapidly improving. "'j. w. Boardiaam, Thas. ClayJtfo.,X. Hedge, C: Tft. -Thomas, Bert Mc.Glintock, Elmer layers, Jesse Turner,RESIGNS AS MANAGEROF WESTERN UNION.Bruce Adair has resigned as manager of the Western Union in this city,on account of ill health and will leavein a few, days for Asheville, N. C.Kelley F. Letcher, of Kenney Station,is the new manager.LARGE PURCHASE OF HEMPMADE BY LOCAL FIRM.Mr. Fred Batterton, representing E.F. Spears & Sons of this city, who forthe past several months has been inLincoln and Garrard counties, wherehe has been buying hemp, returnedSunday. Mr. Batterton also spentsome time in Madison county. . Duringhis absence he has purchased upwardof 400,000 pounds of hemp at an average of ?7 per hundred pounds. Mostof the hemp was bought in Lincolnand Garrard counties, the largesthemp producing counties in the State.ASS klntdSs of AutorraofoiBe Srasisirarsce.Imy ROXBE DAV9S.FOR SALETwo ' show cases eight and tenfeot. Apply toII. J. GROSCHE.LOSTOn Main Street, between OperaHouse and Postcflice, an enameledpin set with diamonds. Reward ifr3turned to this office. 14-ltJrjk jff rfFA lot about 65 feet front, runningback over 100 feet, -ituated on Highstreet, near Fifteenth street. Applyto(13-tf) MRS. CANDACE SMITHPUBLBC SALEMayor's Proclamation.Monday and Tuesday, April 13 and14 having been designated as "Cleanup Days" in Paris, I hereby urge everyresident of Paris to give their premises a thorough cleaning up at once,to the end that Paris can be justlypointed to as the cleanest city in theBluegrass.With this purpose in view, it isurged on all the" residents of Paris tothoroughly clean up their premises.All rubbish and refuse should be carried to the outside of the curb line before Tuesday evening, and on Wednesday I will have the city teams makethe rounds in the city and remove therubbish, etc., to the dump. This willbe done without cqst to the occupantof the property.In order to have your rubbish hauled free by the city, it must be placedoutside tlie curb line not later thanTuesday evening.J. T. HINTON, Mayor.LETTONRESIDENCE ISTHREATENED SY FIRE.I ROWING TO OUR LARGE SPRANG BUSINESS f9 WE WERE FORCED TO DUPLICATEJOUR ORDERS ONJSilks, Challis aridWash GoodsLo-TfcHowever, you will find patterns and styles tht?Jtrdifferent; values that you will will-ayare unsurpassed4 imtItThe residence of Mr. Forrest Letton Jon the Bexington pike was damaged ',by fire Thursday morning. A pict- (ure hanging over an opening in a flue 'anrrV4- Run ond if 1rrTrof1 frty ct Hmo Ilike the house would be destroyed.but the blaze was soon extinguished. JOur Dress Trimming and Lace Stock.A Cannot be equaled in this part of the StateWhen it comes to LACS CURTAINS, DRAPERIESand RUGS we are right there we have the goods.cooooooooeosoooooommm ww u ii a iie .tcfr.r-W -m tifTurrri Kt0i im iorjm "rf T tex m w "(?-j B3 Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store. SiiAnd in the meantime, don'tforget that we carry a complete line of Reache's 3aseBall Goods,s such as Bats,Macks, Gloves, etc.Our Prices ars right.Base Call Bats at 5c, 15c,25c, HO, 75c and 91-00.Base Balls at 5c, 10, 25c 50c,75c, $1.00 and $1.25.Base Ball Gloves at 25c, -50c,75c, $1.00, $1.50 and higher.Sase Ball Mits at 25c, 50c,75c, $1.00, $1.25, $1.50 and up.See Our Window Display.People's PharmacyDoyle Building Sth and MainBoth PhonesISO M LA Hi Ooo!O SS39OOS03SS8S3S3SQQS(wmeoo&O(o($cret5sThe Some of Good Wall PaservO$0O$OO$0Sv$CC$v! WALL PAPER TALK No. 3.We have awaiting your inspection a large and variedassortment of Wall Papers. Each season brings- forthnew designs .and new colorings each seemingly morebeautiful, more appropriate than those of the year before.We have made a cereful and complete selection of thenewest and best styles, and await the opportunity toshow you the newest ideas in interior decorations.LOOK US UP!as514 Miain St., KJerct to Mrs. Mamie Palcer.TELEPHONE 159a$oc&asaseQ&Sssga&8a3$&&geef3e-os3ogoEfri0 F Qtt8gSgSi85ft8g)0Q3fiSei)SeQ0aeiQSCt8ttMttaS3Cg8itQfg08feftitttlitittlM' I , lilL Ai?Q 1 Hi! II VI 1 i" It JI will sell at public auction at ,Georgetown, on -, - 1 2g I 1 . ST IS OUR 2At 10 o'clock, a. id., at P. & C. ship- g I v ,-, nlSlil.lllI IIPxllP tpin? pens, 20 head oi pure bred Hoi- I lvP '' 'N FfJWlllIiJljUilUlstein cows and heifers, fresh or soon "kfW tikto be. These cattle come from some "CMSm Itmm' T ' irfr -- crof the best herds of. Holstein cattle in Wfi I mS T2ua TotS SCC Our gCanada and are Government tested. ' WvmWl'KlM t K SAlso at the same time. 60 head of i j , $ XfeH?9l M-lfSSW ItV IT IF Jstrictly first-class yearling and two- , 1 ' T&' f H&OTS IVI 9 PT ITIOPTI t 8vear-old steers and 0 extra good Poll- g ' ! 5M4il V 4SBB --blili-1:'ilLed Angus bulls. g ; , .) X& Wmfim? - .8Sale positive rain or shine. 'is vV- S CJ5vv Yswl .iJ--" $&&& ITv i AThese cattle are extra in quality f 4vv:W JfefeS: I ll SH Ifl T - Iana breeamg, and the kind you sei- J , u" r W y t? 1-. iAT - ' j.ujtjj.cl a , wdom have a chance to buy. 8 "4 - frJlll6 " 3H. N. RANKIN, Agent g j. V r MmJS of -, .1Ld1' 1 V 'AtTmW'U hininiv Ra&ip !'WXMmmsmrpmm 7mggm&gmm$mm$3mmmgmmm& b uigstui i0 t Mr. and Mrs. Married-people:tw - i J tI 9mLose your eyesand listento the great artists singing onthe Victor and you'd reallythink the singers themselveswere actually in the room.That's how perfect theVictor is; that's why it isacknowledged the greatest ofall musical instruments. Itenables you to enjoy thevoices and music of theworld's greatest artists in alltheir beauty .Come in and hear the greatartists on the Victor and VictorVictrola you'll be surprised at thewonderfully clear, natural tone.Victors $10 to $100. Victor-S Victrolas $75 to $250.BaaghertyKfAftttt&tUr 1 XJkJm '" .vBe comforbalDle in your own homes forthere are lots of places where you musthe uncomfortable . We have RecliningMorris Chairs, soft leather chairs, therestful divans and couches, and inviting reading tables that will give youease and joy. Our furniture, too, isso well made and durable and our pricesso reasonable that you will be glad tobuy from us .sly 0i&stl!QcsaSsfcy Cosmes PirstT- .i.ns correctness or ourDesigns cannot be "surpassed, therefore -Your SatisfaciiefidsAssured 'You will not have., substitution made on any tkingbought rere.We are also showing a very strong line of Wall Decora-,tioras and Floor Coverings to correspond with our -furniture.::V:oin Our Kitchen Cabinet ClubCOMPANYTIE J. T. HINTONiParis, Kentucky-Phones 36S. sz&t .Undertaking Arriibiuiance ; Wood Mai.- I'"". i, -'THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KY,,APfclL 14,-.1 -1941BE1 ft WrtnVr!Ri4"Tt''"""""' WW WV WWJ W1 r 3BP$ , - -I i Milium l wiiil Aft I """""yL WwsL' 1 iSy H JrHUlf l'.'lf'l' ' ' mTit TSxrtHERE'S GOODNEWS - ' "FOR PYSPEPTICS;OFsSPRING OPENINGREFRIGERATO32--Patterns to Pick From32Just received one car load of Refrigerators and Ice Boxesand we are going to offer for the next 1 5 days a big specialcut in prices, and they are all theNew1 Iceburgthe kind that makes the best pleased customers. Let usshow you while the line is on our floor.Protect your health by using a New Iceburg Refrigeratorand also protect your pocket with the small ice bill .that ittakes to run one of them.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.CMAS. GREEN, Manager-Opp. Court HousecoverSvEARTHtJSherwinPaintsMWilliamsVarnishes!"-7EARTHwUff?.0? hls coat t0 "B"ten Up," and we proud citizens of Paris shall notDeiar behind him. We're going to have a real old-fashioned Spring cleaning, not only of ouriiomesDucm our streets, our gardens, our back alleys, and in our public buildings. Its so muchmore pleasant and healthful to live amid bright, attractive and sanitary surroundings, and with.Droom, rake, mop and paint brush we can make Paris one of the best looking spots on the mapjse.a tfngnten Up Crusader! Help make your home town better, brighter, busier and more beautifulBrighten Up Your BarnsRed ApaintingS-W Commonwealth. Barnbright handsome red, lorDarns, corn-cribs fences, etc. Works-rery easily, covers well and is moreeconomical to use than short-measure"barn paints. Commonwealth Barn"Red is always put up in full measure.-Also made in gray.Brighten Up Your Roofs"S-W Preservative Shingle Stain(Made with Creosote) S-W ShingleStains will cover on an average surface about 150 square feet to the galloa. if brushed, or 2 1-2 to 2 3-4 gallonsTrill stain 1000 ordinary shingles as adipping-coat for usual laying. Madela 2S colors warm browns, soft grays,Attractive greens, etc. Will protect"the shingles from ducay and lengthenlkelr life.-Brighten Up Your Woodwork.S-W Floorlac--For staining and var--titaking floors, furniture and woodTPrk at one 'operation. A combination of stain that is non-fading and3Bm4 floor varnish, which is tough anddurable and will not show scratchessjmI keel-marks readily. Comes in.Ysnient cans in eight natural-woodffcts. Easy to apply hard to wearBrighten Up Vour FloorsS-W Inside Floor Paint Preparedly for the brush. Made expresslyinside floors. Is easily applied,overnight with a good gloss andhard wear. Ten sensible, at--trctiy colors which withstand the;be tramping of many feet.First among our many Brighten Upmaterials comes SWP Sherwin-WilliamsPrepared Paint a paint whichwill make the outside of your homeall spic and span for the sunny Springdays. It's very durable, too madefrom the best white lead, zinc andpure linseed oil, and ground finely bypowerful machines. There is noguesswork about SWP. That's whywe recommend it and sell so much.Forty-eight permanent, attractive colors covers best, "wears longest,cheapest in the end. Call for colorfolders and information.Brighten Up Your Shelves.S-W Family Paint A pint forhousehold use, suitable for baseboards, shelves, boxes, and the manylittle things about the house; produces an oil finish that can be repeatedly washed. Handsome assortmentof colors.The Brighten Up Crusade RulesBrighter Homes Brighter .GardensBrighter Streets.1 Do not allow rubbish to accumulate. 2 Do not throw anything on sidewalks or streets.3 Do not let piles of ashes or trashremain in back yards.4 Do not mark or deface sidewalks, fences, buildings or publicproperty.5 Keep the garbage can coveredand destroy breeding places of, fliesand mosquitoes.6 Plant grass and flower seedsmake a garden and encourage the loveof Nature, sunshine and fresh air.7 Apply paint to fences, sheds andbuildings.8 Brighten Up yourself, BrightenUp your home and spread theBrighten Up spirit among your neighbors.9 Brighten Up your business,Brighten Up your town and promoteits social, industrial and commercialprogress.10 Let Brighten Up be your slogan.Call for Crusade Badge and Book-Free.Brighten Up Your ScreensS-W Screen Enamel For renewingold screens, and preventing rust. Doesnot close up the mesh and dries witha high gloss that prevents dust anddirt from adhering to the screen.Made in black and green.Brighten Up Your BuggyS-W Buggy and Auto Paint A varnish gloss paint of great durability,made to stand outsidex exposure. Forpainting and varnishing at one operation buggies, automobiles, carriages,wagons, sleighs, carts, sleds, farmimplements, etc. Eleven bright, serviceable colors.Brighten'Up Your WallsS-W Flat-Tone You can have sanitary, washable and attractive wallsin your home by using Sherwin-WilliamsFlat-Tone. This material ismade in liquid form,, is applied directto the plaster, and dries with a flat,velvety finish. In Flat-Tone thereare 24 soft, restful shades to choosefrom you can match the other decorations without trouble. Then whenhousecleaning time arrives, all youhave to do is to wash the surface withsoap and water and it's clean andfresh again. We shll be glad to tellyou all about this splendid decorativefinish.We have good news for every person in this town who has any form ofstomach trouble. It is about a remedy for indigestion and dyspepsia thatwe have so much faith in as to offer itto you with our personal guaranteethat if it does not relieve you and satisfy you in every way, we will -refundthe money you paid for it withoutquestion or argument of 'any kind.Risk nothing; either Rexall DyspepsiaTablets will relieve your stomach ailments or the money you paid for themwill be handed back to you: There isno rad tape about our guarantee. Itmeans just what it says. Your wordis enough. If Itexall Dyspepsia Tablets don't satisfy you, the money isyours and we want you to have it.Rexall Dyspepsia Tablets soothethe inflamed stomach, check heartburnand (distress, stimulate a healthy secretion of gastric juice, aid in rapidand comfortable digestion of the food,and help to quickly restore the stomach to a comfortable, easy-acting andhealthy state. They also 'aid greatlyin promoting regular bowel action.Rexall Dyspepsia Tablets are soldonly at the f.OOO Rexall Stores, and inthis town only by us. Three sizes,25c, 50c, and ?1.00 G. S. Varden &Son. (adv)The "wirelesa -telephone which isworlftng successfully .over long' distances in Germany 'has been perfectedto a degree at which music, both vocal and instrumental, is transmittedclearly.The thfng; that perplexes the charitable ageecies in their search lor jofesfor the unemployed is that "uBesimiey-ment" has become a traie with maay,ana one mat tney are reluctant toabandon.PilDVT MAVASTSADVCABOTMOMyPerhaps the greatest complimentyet paid to American women is thefact that foreign governments do notwant their diplomats to marry them.STRAIGHT AT IT.There is no use of our "beatingaround the bush." We might as wellout with it first as last. We want youto try Chamberlain's Cough Remedythe next time you have a cough or acold. There is no reason as far aswe can see why you should not do so.This preparation by its remarkablecures has gained a world wide reputation, and people everywhere speak ofit in the highest terms of praise. Itis for sale by all dealers.(April) (adv)jomI'ii I i i 1 1 ,"' ii i i 'i i i W. I i 'PI ii 1 1 i'.V C -ss. - t.Clara Morris, formerly a famous ac-Jtress, now bedridden and almost blind,is happy at the age 6f 69 because herhusband, who sustained a stroke ofparalysis, is better, and her mother,90 years old, has survived pneumonia.A lesson there for chronic misanthropes who refuse to be happy!FOUND CURE FOR .RHEUMATISM"I suffered with rheumatism for twoyears and could not get my righthand to my mouth for that length oftime," writes Lee L. Chapman, Mapleton, Iowa. "I suffered terrible painso I could not sleep or lie still atnight. Five years ago I began usingChamberlain's Liniment and in twomonths I was well and have not suf-Jfered with rheumatism since." Forsale by all dealers.(April) (adv)iiffiSsThis would be a more prosperous community if everyfather in it would say to his boy: "Son, start a bank accountthis very week and every dollar you save and put in the bankI'll give you another dollar to put in the bank with it" and ifeverybody would have SENSE enough to do it.The "PRUDENT" young man who banks his moneybecomes a PROSPEROUS man.Make OUR bank YOUR bank 'We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapital, $100,000.00.Surplus, $40,000.00.J. M. HALL, PresidentC. K. THOMAS. CashierWoodland Stock FarmHeadquarters For Draft HorsesffM "When you swallow Dr. Bell's yLIIIM Pine-Tar-Honey you can feel it mII m heal. It soothes end smoothes the mm raw spots" says Granny Metcalfe. MW That's Granny's way of saying It, aftereighty-nine years of experience. Can youU say it bettor? Can the most learned say Itas wellf Cranny knows, and, she knows Hshe knows. PjP A picture cf bcth Granny sr-d tha 9H Bell ara on every GENUINE bottle ofI Dr. Bell's 1I PINE-TAM-EONEY II 25 Cente. 50 Cents." $1.00 gI "Tell By The Bel!" I)gnmMmMJUMB,l,i,.i,i. , ihhb , - , ,Buster B.Dark Bay Horse, Weight 1,700.Sired by Imported Glitter 58803.Dam by Imported Queen 41490..$15.00 TO 'INSUREBUSTER B. is a coming four-year-oldand a young stallion of markedsize and condition. He is the kindthat will appeal to your fancy and youwill make no mistake in breeding tohim.Bur leyBlack Percheron; Weight 1760$15.00 TO INSURE.BURLEY is a splendid specimen ofthe dratt horse and his get haveproved to be of the ver,y best. Thereis a'steadily growing demand for theclass of horses produced by Burley,both upon the farm and in the cities.They can stand more work than theaverage horse. He is 8 years old, abeautiful black, well formed, and otthe class that catches the eye. In selecting a horse to breed to pick onewhose produce commands the bestprice.The Above Horses Will Make the Season of 1914 at Woodland Stock Farm.About 7 miles north of Paris on the'Cynthiana pike. Money due whencolt is foaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consest.Lien retained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to preventaccidents, but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON Lair, Kentucky.AND BLOOD CLEANSERFlush out the accumulated wasteand poisons of the winter months;cleans your stomach, liver and kidneys of all impurities. Take Dr.King's New Life Pills; nothing betterfor purifying the blood. Mild, nongriping laxative. Cures constipation;makes you feel fine. Take no other.25c. at your druggist.BnokWs Arnica Salve for all hurts.(April) (adv)Quickly relieTes Tihenmatisa. Sore ilns-cles. Neuralcia. Eackache. Headache sjxdallvainB. lour monev back if it fails to ) iHeva any ache in any Dart of the bodixuieen minutes time.Jfriee 50c, At All Druggists.Free umpla and circular lent on reqaeit.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY.342 East Main St., Lexington, Ky. -.K3O... EXCELSIOR1C A.DAUGHERTYBRIGHTEN-UP STORECORNER FIFTH AND MAIN STS.PARIS. KENTUCKYWe will have in Paris a Full Stock all Models. We SellPope, Flying Marshall and Day ton.The Joseph Candioto Co.151-153-155 North Broadway, Lexington, Ky.t- Supplies of all kinds.,, WfHHWMMHM4Wj&':Kitv , Xr . "'" tf-:,-r&.tv?i-C- "X rf -WT - --.-T JT t Jfc - W.. : vi-Airi-r-. :?m,-M y; .j .- j&kjam&mdmmmxs.f n 'r?sf? ' vt "V T" R,,& rfit '" & ?; 'r-v. , wsBtse'J.4- 1HE BOURBON NEWS PARIS,-KENTUCkY, APRIL 14. 1914gaStiff JointsSprains$ruisesare relieved at once by an application of Sloan's Liniment. Don'trub, just lay on lightly." Sloan's Liniment has done moragood than anything I have ever triedfor still joints. I got my hand hurt sohadly that I had to stop work right inthe busiest time of the year. I thoughtat nrst that I would have to have myhand taken off, but I got a bottle ofSloan's Liniment and cured my hand."Wiiros YHEELEK, Morris, Ala.Good for Broken SinewsG. G. JOXES, Baldwin, L. L, writes :"I used Sloan's Liniment for brokensinews above the knee cap caused by afall and to my great satisfaction wasable to resume work in less than three,weeks after tho accident."SLOANSLINIMENTFine for SprainMr. Hexkv A. Yoehl, &J SomersetSt., P'linGeld, X. J., writes: "Afrien' sprained Ins ankle so badlyHtnr.t went di.ick. ne j.augueu wuenI told im that 1 would have him outin a w ek. I applied Sloan's Linimentand ii. four days he was working andsaid Sloan's was a right good Liniment.' Price 25c,50c, and $1.03Sloan's Bookon horses, cattle,sheep andpoultrysentfreo.AddressBostos,' Maw.,U.S. A.'SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douches .in treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight In gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxtoa Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by fretting the oil that burnsclear and clean without & flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the inferiortnnkwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eve.Your dealer has 80LITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.fr Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co. .Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "NoCarb"Auto Oil.ttJgm&EZmSHtWhen you feel "SSSSvous, tired, worried or despondent it issure sign you need MOTTS NERVERINPILLS. They renew the normal vigor aimake life worth living. Be sure and ask iMotes Nerverine Pills l?rJslL"WILLIAMS MFC CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist Paris, Ky.GurtMQverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank);3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert Barbers. Poiite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.'X Sharer the PubUc Pat,mm e Srfcited.J it?r j muIr. r v-"EarlS. MffiSloan LVVo wlm3PH " vsrNews Overthe StateCharged With Extorting Money.Pikeville Andrew Salmi, an Italian, is in jail here, charged with BlackHand methods on Pond Creek. It issaid that he left a letter at the homeof Giovanni Bacilio, construction contractor, in which he threatened thefamily with kidnapping unless $500were forthcoming, bacilio was absent when the letter was left at his.home, and his wife took $15 and leftit wrapped in an old newspaper anddetectives were notified.Sunday School Convention.Hopkinsville The second annualsession of the West Kentucky Sundayschool convention will be held inHopkinsville on April 14, 15 and 16.All the Baptist churches in the Pennyrile district are included in this organization, and ther will be several hundred delegates who will be entertained in the hospitable homes of7the city.Three meetings will bejield each dayin the large auditorium of the FirstBaptist church, and the program isone of unusual interest.School Tax Suit.Bowling Green The members ofthe Board of Education of the Warrencounty schools brought a friendly suitagainst the members of the WarrenCounty Fiscal Court asking Judge J.McKenzie Moss, of the Warren CircuitCourt, eo compel them to make a levpof 15 cents on each $100 worth of taxable property and ?I poll. JudgeMoss will hear the case in the near future. Four perish in Flames.Paducah Marion J. Ford, 40; hiswife, Victoria, 38, and their two children, Polly, 5, and Louise, 3, wereburned to death in a fire which destroyed the Ford home, near Rossington, ten miles from Pauucah, in theextreme west end of the county.Four other children escaped withslight burns after they had beenawakened by heir father, who was attempting to rescue his wife and twobabies when the roof of the house felland pinned him beneath the wreckage. Six Business Houses Burn.Marion Six business houses weredestroyed by fire at Blackford, Ky., inWebster county. The fire started atthe Threlkeld Hotel, burning it andspreading to Martin's restaurant,Clark's jewelry store, Vaughan's general merchandise store, McCarthy'sinsurance offices, Field's grocery andLietchfield's grocery, all of whichwere burned to the ground.Killed in Pistol DuelIrvine In a pistol battle in Main.street between officers and Frank Garrett, a buiding contractor of Madisoncounty, Garrett was shot and almostinstantly killed, and William Packney was wounded i. the arm. Hiswound is not serious. H. G. Denner,chief of police, and Joe Spivey, policeman, surrendered themselves shortlythereafter to the county officials.To Fight Tuberculosis.Henderson The Henderson CountyFiscal Court voted tu appropriate $10,000 to the newly-appointed board oftrustees of the Henderson CountyTuberculosis Hospital Association.The fund is to be used in the purchase of a site and ne erection of abuilding to be used for the care andtreatment of persons afflicted with tuberculosis. Insurance Men Will Not Accept.Frankfort No word has yet beenreceived in reply to the invitation-sentby Gov. McCreary, State Auditor Bosworth and Attorney General Garnettto representatives of the fir.e insurance companies to meet them at Louisville the night of April 18 or hereApril 22. The invitations were sentto J. H. Lermit, Western manager ofthe Northern Assurance Company;Thomas, E. Gallegher, of the Aetna,andDugan & Carr, of the Hartford.They were invited to the conferenceto discuss the fire insurance conditionin Kentucky, and some means or remedying it. The State officials arehopeful of an acceptance of the invitation and a satisfactory outcome of theconference.Fatal Dynamite Explosion.Winchester Samuel Smith, 40, ofRinhmnnd. was killed by an explosionof dynamite about two miles north ofthis city, on the Louisville & Nashville. His skull was crushed and botheyes" blown out. Coroner A. M.Backer summoned a jury, consistingof C. H. Sullivan, B. F. Goodpaster,Hiram Bliss, Thomas Bliss, L. T.Edge and W. T. Stephenson, but asno witnesses were present, the investigation was postponed. Smith wasforeman of a construction gang engaged in digging a foundation for anoverhead bridge. A stick of dyna:mite which had failed 40 explodewent off without warning and causedhis death. He was a widower, withfour small children, living at Richmond. New Redrying Plant.LexingtonThe Land Tobacco Redrying and Storage Company hasmade a deal with the American Tobacco Company to double the capacityof the plant located in South Springstreet, between Pine and Combsstreets, whereby the former will erecta new one-story brick and steel building 100 feet wide and extendingthrough to Dunaway street. The newstructure will call for an outlay of$50 000. The contract provides, forthe'instaiing of a 150 horse power engine and an increase of sixty horsepower in motive power in the adjoining building now owned by the Landcompany and under lease to iub aiuci 1can The lessee of the new buildingwill install its own redrying machinery -and will pay an annual rental forthe new building of 41,000.Miners Stilly hjold,. Out.Madisonville; Th -strike oftheLThe Alamo Today, Tuesday, April 14.At the Alamo to-day the FamousPlayers Film Co. wil present CyrilScott, famous romantic actor? in motion pictures, "The Day of Days."Cyril Scott, who won such sensational success in the stellar role of"The Prince Chap," "The LotteryMan," and "Royal xtfounted," makeshis motion picture bebut in the production of the Famous Players FilmCo.'s "The Day of ays," from thelamous novel by Louis Joseph Vance,one of the foremost novelists of theday. Cyril Scott is ideally cast in"The Day of Days" as a young bookkeeper named Percival, whom Fatechooses as the central character incne of the strangest plots ever wovenabout the life of the. metropolis. Thestory is an extravaganza of metropolitan adventure, and develops into apanoramo of emotions, a kaleidoscopic drama with hew York at nightas a background.Louis Vance based his excitingnovel on Oriental fatalism, which assigns to each and every man his "Dayof Days," wherein he shall range theskies and plumb the abyss of his destiny, alternately its lord and puppet.The story takes one from the lowlyearth to the high peaks of romance.Perceval, who has led a terribly uneventful life, suddenly becomes thehero of a chain of fascinating andfantastic adventures, as a result ofwhich he wins fortune nd love. Rarely have more thrilling incidents, beenreproduced on the screen. CyrilScott renders one of the most interesting characterizations he has everportrayed.The production is well mounted,with sets typical of the Famous Players Film Co's care and liberality. Itis in four reels.(adv)miners at the Kingston mine stillholds out and the mines are idle. Oneguard, Johnson Williams, of DawsonSprings, has been placed at the mine.W. W. Kingston, principal owner andmanager, was in the city Monday inconsultation with officials, but the result of the conference is not known.Work continues at theother mines inthe county where orders for coal areto be filled.Indictment Dismissed.Frankfort An indictment charging Attorney J. A. Edge, of Lexington,with false swearing, was dismissedhere by acting Commonwealth Attorney Leslie W. Morris. Edge hadmade an affidavit to which JudgeStout excepted, as he said it reflectedon him. Edge filed an affidavit Monday declaring he had not intended toreflect on Judge Stout.To Build $10,000 Hospital.Whitesburg The W. C. T. TJ. MountaniMission School at Hindman, inKnott county, announces the buildingof a $10,000 hospit&l there to be runin connection with the school. Amore up-to-date school building is alsoplanned "to be built during the presentyear.Want Model RoadCarlisle A movement has beenstarted to build a model road thronghNicholas county from the Bath countyline to Millersburg. Nicholas countyfiscal court in session Tuesday decided to appropriate $10,000 to be used inevent the citizens of Nicholas countyraised $10,000 to be used on the modelroad.Elks May Sell Club .Lexington Plans are on foot by theLexington Elks to dispose of theirhandsome $40,000 club house on NarthBroadway and lease quarters in thenew addition to the Phoenix Hotel.An expected formal proposition looking to this end will be made soon.After "Colonel's" Heart.Danville Dr. Thos. Washington,eighty-one years of age, who resideson his farm eight miles north of Danville, is a man after Col. Roosevelt'sown heart. He has been married fourtimes,and is the father of forty-fourchildren, thirty-nine of whom are living. Dr. Washington has grandchildren, great-grandchildren and great-great-grandchildrenalmost too numerous to count. And the stork is againlingering around the Washingtonhome.Special OfferingGas, Ranges!For the Next15 DaysLet us demonstrateto you in our storebefore the rush.A. F. Wheeler Pariitnre Co.-CHAS. GREEN, Manager.TKEATRGAJ (KWFaacEssl rHBHHHHHHWOMEN FROM45 to 55 TESTIFYTotheMeritof Lydia EPinkhWs Vegetable Compound during Changeof Life.Westbrook, Me. " I was passingthrough the Change of Life and hadpains in my backand side and was soweak I could hardlvi! do my housework.rlifll nave taken Lydiaa. jrmKnam's Vegetable Compound andit has done me a lotof good. I will recommend your medicine to my friendsand give you permission to Dublish mvtestimonial." Mrs. Lawrence Martin, 12 King St., Westbrook, Maine.Manston, Wis. "At the Change ofLife I suffered with pains in my backand loins until I could not stand. I alsohad night-sweats so that the sheetswould be wet I tried other medicinebut got no relief. After taking one bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound I began to improve and Icontinued its use for six months. Thepains left me, the night-sweats and hotflashes grew less, and in one year I wasa different woman. I know I have tothank you for my continued good healthever since." Mrs.M. J. Brownell,Manston, Wis.The success of Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound, made from rootsand herbs, is unparalleled in such cases.If you want special advice write toLydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. (confidential) Lynn, Mass. Your letter willbe opened, read and answered by awoman, and held in strict confidence.ENDORSED AT HOME.Such Proof as This Should ConvinceAny Paris CitizenThe public endorsement of a localcitizen is the best proof that can beproduced. None better, none strongercan be had. When a man comes forward and testifies1 to his fellow-citizens,addresses his friends and neighbors, you may be sure he is thoroughly convinced or he would not do so.Telling one's experience when it isfor the public good is an act of kindness that should be apreciated. Thefollowing statement given by a resident of Paris adds one more to themany cases of home endorsementwhich are being published aboutKidney Pills. Read it.George McCandless, butcher; Paris,Ky., says: "Sometime ago I had occasion to use a kidney remedy. I hadbackaches and disordered kidneys.The way Doan's Kidney Pills stoppedthe trouble proved their merit."Mr. McCandless is only one of manyParis people who have gratefully endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. If yourback aches If your kidneys botheryou, don't simply ask for a kidneyremedy ask distinctly for Doan'sKidney Pills the same that Mr. McCandless had theremedy backed byhometestimony. 50c. all stores. Fos-ter-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y."When Your Back is Lame Remember the Name." (adv)An English scientist has produced-minute diamonds by exploding a powder made of cordite and carbon.TIPS FROM TEXAS.(Dallas News.)People who cross bridges beforethey come to them are never able tocome back the same way.Woman will insist that her husbandis a donkey even when she knows himto be some bear.Of course a thing of beauty may bea joy forever, but that is no excusefor some of the slit skirts we haveseen.We have also noticed that after awoman has about six children shenearly always gives up riding horseback before breakfast.Some people are so practical andmercenary that they would take stockin a soul-poultice factory if somebodywould start it.REMOVAL OFThe Woman's Exchangeand CafeTo Short St., opp. Conrt HouseLexington, Ky.We shall be pleased to continuethe patronage of all former patronsand all others, desiring excellentservice.Having removed to more commodious apartments, we are able to servemeals at allhours.MRS. W. H. BARKLEY,3-5t Proprietor.Duroc Jersey Boars,Nice lot young boars. Eligible toregistry. Come and get first choice.SIDNEY G. CLAY.E. T. Phone 726. Paris, Ky.(7-6t)WANTED... To buy a few. old feather bedsThehigbeet cash prices paid. Address JL.G. Austin, General Delivery.Paris,Ky. ' - 'r .(7-3t) far ',t.T . . ," ,.i 1 i 1. . 1 , ,:);iM JH9k jSnKiill 3ilFine Spring ClothesFor Men andBoys.Best HatsPricesTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'TiL Wolfstein, Proprietor. ' "GO SOUTH THIS WINTERGo where fair skies, ideal weather, and outdoor enjoyment dispel allthought of winter's discomfort.WINTER TOURIST FARESNOW AVAILABLE VIATO MlX resortsINCLUDING FLORIDA, NEW!fLAND OFTICKETS ON SALE DAILY. LONG RETURN LIMIT.'ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.EQUIPMENT, SERVICEAND SCENERY. UNSURPASSED.For details consult any Ticket Agent or writeH. C. KING, Passwiger and Ticket Agant, 10 1 East Main St, Lexington, Ky;L. & N. TIME-TABLETEFFECTIVETrains j9Lrri"veNo. FROM '34 Atlanta, Ga Daily 5:21a134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 5:lSi29 Cynthiana Ky., Daily Except S7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:3S10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 j40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday :.".: 7:42)37 Cincinnati, O., Daily 9:38 j3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Exqept Sunday 10:2;12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:15 a33 Cincinnati, O., Daily26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ; . . 12:00 .25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3 :10 pat9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:15 pat138 Lexington, Ky., Daily -,- ZiZZfmL38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 1 3:30 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily , 5:35p39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily .- 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:23 pm.31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 parTrains IDe-oart JNo. " . TO SGF?$rwTa34 Cincinnati, O., Daily 5:28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:35 am7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:4Tam40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except29 Lexington, Ky., Daily37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily33 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily133 Lexington, Ky., Daily6 Maysville, Ky., Daily26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except38 Cincinnati, O., Daily9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except.32 Cincinnati, O., Daily8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except30 Cynthiana, Ky., Dairy Except31 Lexington. Ky., Daily131 Atlanta, Ga., DailyFcfcO. TIME-TART mTSTrairis ArriveFROMFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:4fW ,Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday E:W-No.- 24Tisaojas-&No.13Frmmkkfort, Ky., Dily BxctptFramkfort, Ky., Dy Ixc&pt.at LowestiasasaaaiOF THE SOUTHORLEANS, PANAMA ANDTHE SKY."OCT. 19, 1913 junda.y z t7:3S i: 10:24 iSunday 7:59Sunday. 7:"5t,-. 9:439:410:29 j; ' 10:27;12:Sunday 12:4 ;Sunday 3: .., 3:4tSunday ; 5:W;Sunday v 5:5f ;!.... :2SSunday . f 2Sunday 't:4t10: W10:E?iIenect,?&T'OSuadayl ; - tSu'4y. ,.,.. ..:...-:BW' SVi "JvIMTE-i tiJUi"-t" -rwnii ii i i i m mi'ii ii i m mi mil p y pi pqti i i ) - m'. . THE BOURBQN NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. APRIL 144914.)nmsanummimtCERTIFIED OffiCKPacked in Sanitary sealed car-tons. Costs less. Worth more.Save the Coupons. Tor Sale by tall Grocers. 30c per lb.RED BALLA nice spoon in each packageRoasted nd packed frest evetyday. Insist upon this brand. Forsale by all Grocers. 20c per lb.cor r e eE !4- i1 T ' """1IIiuilr :ITA.NEWS OF ULLfl&BUHiMrs. Mattie Purnell is remodelingher home.Mr. S. M. Allen lias returned fromMartinsville, Ind., much improved inhealth,Mr. Lee Clarke rejourned homeSaturday after spending the winter inFlorida.-Mrs. J. G. Head left yesterday forParis to visit her sister-in-law, Mrs.O. O. Head.Mr. J. C McVey, of Ewing, wasthe guest Saturday and Sunday of,Mr.R. 3j. Jones.Mrs. S. E. Bruce and little son,Alexander, are visiting relatives inWashington, D. C.Rev. and Mrs. J. D. Redd are visiting .their daughter. Miss Nola Redd,at Clearwater, Florida.Miss Esther McGuffin, of NewYcrk.Js the guest ol rer cousin, JudgeT. P.'Wadell, and family.Mrs. A. S. Venablr1 gave her Sunday school class an Easter egg huntSaturday afternoon. Owing to thefrfr04fr4Kotmz1FORSundaySpring Lamband the BestHome-Killed Meatson the MarketBaldwinBros.,Paris, Kentucky iBoth Phones32downfall of rain at that time the eggshad to be hid in the house, which, ofcourse, took some of the pleasurefrom the occasion. Notwithstandingthis, however, all present had a goodtime, and many of the little folksfound more than one egg.Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Hawkinswere guests of relatives at CarlisleSaturday.Mr. Robert Hughes, of Huntington, W. Va., arrived Saturday as theguest of Mr. J. J. Allen.J. Will Clarke and little daughter, Martha, of Lexington, were theguests of his mother, Mrs. ElizabethClarke, Tuesday and Friday.Mr. David Allen and family movedSaturday to their property on NorthMain street recently purchased fromMrs. Anna Jefferson and vacated byMr. and Mrs. E. C. Hawkins.At the banquet to be given by theBible Class of the Presbyterianchurch Thursday evening, there willbe a number of speakers from othercities, among whom will be Dr. B. M.Shive, pasjtor of the Presbyterianchurch, of Paris.Little Miss Rebecca Collier, theyoungest daughter of Mr. and Mrs.M. P. Collier, entertained thirty-twoof her little friends Thursday from 2to 5 p. m., the occasion being hersixth birthday. The little folks hada jolly time. Many games were indulged in and the little lady was nicely remembered with gifts from hermany friends. Ice cream and cakeswere served.Mrs. R. L. Tarr entertained aboutforty-five of her lady friends Tuesdayafternoon from 2 to 5. A number ofgames were indulged in, the one inwhich they progressed being the"Stock Exchange," in which seventables took part. Easter eggs wereused as tallies. The table winningthe first prize, which were red carnations, and all the other ladies receiving white carnations. An. elaboratemeat and salad lunch was served. Itwas a social event in which eyerybody felt at ease, and was void of allformality.Miss Alma Duke Jones will appear at the M. F. C. auditorium Saturday, April 18, at 8 p. m., in a highclass musical program. Miss Jones isone of our home girls, a graduate inmusic of the M. F. C, and now a student at the Cincinnati Conservatory ofMusic. She is a young woman withbrilliant prospects and one of themost promising that ever completedthe course in music at the M. F. C.She will be assisted by Miss EstherThiele as vocalist. Reserved seats35 cents; general admission 25 cents.If you miss this opportunity you missa treat. Let's show our appreciationof Miss Jones by putting standingroom-at a premium. (14-2t)The Primary Department of theM. F. C. gave an Easter entertainment at the M. F. C. auditorium Friday evening, which was under the direction of Miss Corrine Wilson, whois in charge of that department. Thelittle folks were well drilled and thechoruses, readings, drills and flowerscenes were beautiful. They weregreeted by a large audience, and allpresent knew the entertainment wouldbe a good one, because Miss Wilsonhas demonstrated her ability in thisline of work during the commencement season of last year. The intermisions at times were a little long,but this was unavoidable. The timeSEED POTATOES.A full and complete line of SeedSweet Potatoes of all varieties. Telephone us your order if you want thebest.(10-2t) JOHN SAUER"Jim." a great Dane dog, had a seati at the table and was decorated Avith aribbon of honor at the annual banquetof the Canadian Camp, in New York,was filled in with pleasing music, and ' for saving the life of Secretary H. T.when the curtain went up again and , Galpin in a lire.the next scene was witnessed all feltrepaid for the delay. Miss Wilson Belgian society women are wearingwill give another entertainment with wigs of pink and light blue, therebythis department during the commence- going the more conservative Englishment season in May, and everyone is j innovators one better.loking forward to it.A stage "Johnny" in Paris, France,was sent to the insane asylum because he waylaid and kissed Mile. Polaire, "the ugliest woman in theworld."Canada's mackerel fisheries areprospering again after many years ofMr. M. P. Collier, the senior member of the Millersburg Coal and Lumber Co., has sold his interest to hispartners, Messrs. W. A. Butler and A.S. Miller, and the work of invoicingis now going on. Since Mr. Collierhas purchased an interest in the Bourbon Lumber Co. he has been spendinghis entire time in Paris, and feels that pvimiisHonhe cannot remain with both firms and jSiIin tltZ' MraVniiw Policewomen of Chicago can hit theb : made teChES to we knotv ! "W m9re tten than chicaS p0"ttlUn a feekL Tui leave ' "WTn,'",,? "SMTs i -Egr Hr81be hard to fill and regrets are express- shot average of 88.4o per cent,ed everywhere. However, we are Ielad to know that the other members ' m reouiiaing a cnurcn spire m ng-of the firm are able to handle the business, and ask for them the undividedpatronage-that they have enjoyed inthe past.HEALTH BOARD NOTICE.land recently a 15 horse power electric motor did the work of six men atabout one-twentieth the cost.The English House of Lords passeda resolution deploring the practice ofof buying peerages by contributing toparty funds.EXPLAINED"Why do they call an after dinnerspeech a toast?" asked the Bood."Because it is usually so dry," replied the Grouch.Dr. Cressy L. Wilbur, chief statistician of the United States Census Bureau, has been appointed head of thenew division of vital statistics in theofHealth.mPARIS KY.. Anril 6. 1914.Owners of hogs and pigs must have J New York State Departmentthem removed from the city by the15th of April.Those having manure are especially urged to have it removed. It is adangerous fly breeder. Get rid of it.Mr. John Sauer, Mr. Wm. Sauer orMr. Estes, on the itassenfoss farm,will call for it. During the Spring andsummer months it must not remainIn heaps longer than ten days.Screen your windows.Get out all ashes, trashy stuff andetc., by Tuesday night, the 15th. Thecity wagons will call for it Wednesday, the 16th, (next week.)By order of City Health Board.DR. A. H. KELLER,aprTtd City Health Officer.Labor unions were criticised anddefended before the United StatesCommission on Industrial Relationsat Washington.Friend Wife is getting pretty nervy.But up to date no woman has hadnerve enough to get a license to marry the other man before she shotFriend Husband.CERTAINLY.I Ef 1:WE BEG TO ANNOUNCEthat on Tuesday, March 3d, weplace on sale Spring Styles inNETTLETON SHOES''thejooiwearofjdisfinction; .for menGeo. McWilliamsThe Shoe Man1AHOW TO PRESERVE THOSEQUAINT OLD DAGUERREOTYPESThey say that time is money. Well,This may be true, my brother;But you will have to spend one ifYou want to get the other.A man never discovers that he can'tafford to own an automobile till afterhe has purchased one.If you happen to have an. old faded; Daguerreptypo that ou wisli to preserve forever, just bring it or mail itto one who knows now to do thework. I make Crayon, India Inks,Miniatures in water colors, etc., fromany old photograph.See me about prices. Ask yourfriends about the. work I have donefor them.A. R. JOHNS,Agricultural Bank Bldg., Paris, Ky.(14-lt)Before marriage he sees only theRose. After marriage he sees nothing but the Thorn.A Hero is a man who marries on$15 a week.ISpring FootwearOur Spring SpecialsConsist of Most Fashionable Footwearin Every New, Conceivable Style and in t&Mevery L.eainer anu iaDncYour Spring Shoes and Slippers cAre Here!Our Stocks are Complete in Every Detail. You will Find in the Big. , Assortment Style and Quality at Prices You KnowCan Not be Duplicated ElsewhereNEGRO CHARGED WITH SHOOTING TO HAVE TRIAL THURSDAYJesse Hughes, of Carlisle, the negrocharged with shooting and woundingFletcher Lambkin, will have his trialThursday morning before Judge E. B.January in the Police Court. Lambkin, upon whom an operation was performed Monday night by Dr. Williams,is improving, and will recover.MRS. CLARA WILSON STEWARTTO LECTURE THURSDAY.Wt&Tt -rowLadies' Patent Kid, Kidney HeeS, SilkBraid around Vamps, in high shoeand pumps, $5.00 value at $3.49Ladies' Gun Metal, Louis Heel, newsmart last, in High Shoe and Oxford, $4.00 value at .... 2.99Ladies' Todd's Tango, Satin, LouisHeel and Patent Colonial Pumps,$4.00 value at 2.99Ladies' Patent and Gun Metal, highand low heel, $3.50 value at 2.9Ladies' Patent and Gun Metal in allstyles, $3.00 value at ... 1.99Ladies' Gun Metal, buiton and lace,$2.00 values at. , I !..... 1.49Men's Tan Walk-Over, new Englishmodel, high shoe and Oxford 4.00ir -Men's Tan Russia, Empire Style WalkOver .. 3.50-. Menfs Tan Beacon, in aS .ia$4.0value at ..-. vJt 3.50j '.' Men's Gut Metal, 'faeodi outdo, $,4:00 "value at ,.....: .. ,i " 2.S9Men's Gun Metal, button and Isae,$3.00 value at ,.l.,Ll.. 1.$9" Boys7 Gun Metal and Tan, duUgzs and " -and lace, 52.00 value at ....... 5.49Mrs .Clara Wilson Stewart, of Morehead, whose great work in eradicatingilliteracy in Rowan County by meansof the "Moonlight School" system, hasalmost national fame, will lecture atthe court house, in this city, Thursdaynight under the auspices of the Women's Clubs of Paris. Mrs. Stewartwill talk of the work accomplished bythe "Moonlight Schools," and thelecture will be one of the most entertaining and instructive character .PHOENIX HOTEL CASEENDS IN FAYETTE COURT.The Phoenx Hotel bird case whichhas attracted attention throughoutState was finally decided yesterdaywhen in the Fayette Circuit Court afine of $380 and costs on the four indictments. The caso was first tried inthe Fayette County Court in November, 1912, and a fine of $600 was imposed on the Phoenix Hotel Company.The case was appealed to the CircuitCourt and a fine of $150 was imposedby the verdict of the jury trying thecase. Then the case was taken to theCourt of Appeals and in January, 1913,the decision of the lower court wasreversed. On one indictment thecompany was again tried and after averdict of guilty the case was againcarried to the Appellate Court, whichagain reversed the decision of thelower court. At the trial yesterday aplea of guilty was entered and the finestated above was imposed. The casehas been of much interest throughoutthe State. The Phoenix Hotel Company was indicted, at the November,1912, term of the Fayette CircuitCourt for selling quail, in violation octhe State law. The indictments werethe result of an investigation by StateAgent Quincy Ward, of the Fish andGame Commission, who has been vigorous in his prosecution of the case.ifSHORT.He is a man of six-feet-three,Is J. Longfellow Tort;But he is married now, and heComplains he's always shorLaN1Cssii Soecials!Buy Your Misses' and Children's Slices Here.iSelection in All Leathers and Styles atricesWm MkffiTxI J&urJa A Bif y?jL TCafI- Tfrr . Special Low PI1 foff 1PL 1 &ffl mm jm iy-jj-J&nrl MM JgM MM U jOL jPDs MM. , . - - mm i ,MkaaaVBamatfaMWK. mM. MMWMMMka A. m ! n n A .... v25 lb. sack EfctJ& E. Sugar :1.25(Wilfya three dollar purchase) .Large size can Tomatoes 10c3 cans Baby Bun ton Corn, . -. : 25cPride of Illinois Gorn -jgfip 10eCracked Rice, per lb f&S$f 05cFancy Head Rice, per lb 10c2 cans. Cu-Tu-No Red Salmon .SScPalm Brand Peas, per can. ., SLQq,Fox Lake Pea3 Per can T.15cSugar Loaf Peas, per can 20cBulk Coffee, per lb 20cLANCASTER PK2DE FLOUR25-pound sack., 80c50-pound sack : t 11.55100-pound 'sack " : .. 3.00Stone's Wrapped .Cakes Receaved PresSi E2ai2y.mmtiff ui i H Ht4 ff'nu-jirjae a vu. f. eftf&esfim kmnil ra a rh m m m fi I Hr'VILi-1Cash Grocery,Both Phones 234A&Mp kv yi'"-'T ' " -c-v2lV"