A-V y-VrJ.o --vj. -"THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR s-WVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1914.'STHREE COUNTIESOBJECT OF ATTACKr"WE KNOW HOW"XJUAREZ PRISON1EGR0CKAMERICANS FACEEXECUTIONERCAUSESRUNAWAYBY "DRY" FORCES. GIRLISJNJUfBMiss Georgia Oliver PainfullyHurt While ReturningFrom SchoolBUGGY STOPPED INROAD BY BLACKFrightened Horse Ran AwayAnd Man Made GoodHis EscapeNew Bill if Passed Will CallFor Contests in Bourbon,Fayette and ClarkLOCAL ADHERENTSCONFIRM REPORTUncertainty As From WhichAngle "Drys" Will ProceedSuffering form numerous bruisesabout the body, and badly frightenedfrom her experience Miss Georgia Oliver, aged 16, is at the home of her.grandfather, Mr. Doc Suapp, in Ruddles Mills, as a result of an attackmade upon her yesterday afternoonby a negro who giabbed her horse,while she was enroute to her homefrom Millersburg. The horse ranaway and throwing her out she sustained painful, though not serious injuries. Miss Oliver, who is a daughter ofSam Oliver, of Ruddles Mills, was returning home from Millersburg, whereshe is attending school at the Millersburg Female College. When at apoint between the homes of W. F.Saunders and V. L. Barton on theRuddles Mills and Millersburg pike,the negro, it is alleged, jumped infront of the horse and grabbed thebit.Frightened at the sudden attackthe animal reared and plunged and.succeeded in freeing himself from thegrasp of the man. He then dasheddown, the road at preakneck speed,.Miss Oliver making every effort tocheck his speed until a rug in the buggy becoming fastened in the wheelcaused the animal to increase hisspeed and soon got beyond her control. The horse ran into a ditch onthe side of the road, throwing the occupant of the buggy out.The girl was rendered partly unconscious by the fall and her injurieswere so painful that she could notsummons assistance, ana remainedwhere she had fallen until Mr. Hughesresiding on the G S. Allen farm,found her on the side of the road,and taking on a feed slide which hewas driving removed her to his homewhere she was given every comfortand soon recovered sufficiently to telllier story. -The horse in his flight ran almostto Ruddles Mills snd was stoppednear the home of Jr,mes Fisher. Theanimal was ecognized as being theone driven by Miss Oliver and severalstarted along the road toward Millersburg in an effort to find the 'girl, whoit was believed had met met with aserious accident. The search continued for some time until she was located at the home of Mr. Hughes.According to the story of Miss Oliver, after attempting to stop the fiorsethe negor climbed a fence and startedacross a field. He was soon lost toview. She described him as beinglarge and heavy set, black and worea mustache. She described his clothing and claims to have seen him onseveral occasions. Immediately afterthe affair, which occurred about fouro'clock, it was reported among thepeople of that neighborhood and several men set out in search of the negro, but when darkness set in theywere compelled to abandon the hunt.Mrs. Barton, wife of V. L. Barton,near- whose home the attack on thegirl was made, claims to have seen astrange negro going along the road afew minutes before and Mr. Bartonstated that he heard a scream, but attached little importance to itThat three counties in Kentucky,and possibly four, will be the objectof attack by the temperance forcesin event of the passage of the bill before the Legislature repuiring twentyfive per cent, of the voters of thecounty instead of twenty-five per cent,of each precinct in the county, to calla local option election, is evidencedby local advocates of the cause of local option.For the past several weeks therehave been secret movements on thepart of the prohibition leaders looking to an early locsil option electionsimultaneously in Bourbon, Fayette,Clark and possibly iScott county, thelatter county now , being in the "wet"column as a result of a decision ofJudge Robert L. Srout Saturday declaring void the late election heldthere.The bill before the Legislature hasalready passed the Senate and fromthe information gained it is evidentJhat it will pass the House when itcomes up for consideration beforethat body. The dry forces feel confident 'that it will pass the lowerbranch. ,The dry advocates are'almost surethat if this law becomes effective,and it is almost certain the Governorwill approve the measure, that theywill be able to sweep the three counties already mentioned and it is planned to hold an election in the threeon the same day. This idea of having the local option on the same datein each county, it is said, is to preventthe liquor forces in one county fromworking in the other.For some time vast it has beenknown that the prohibition advocatesin this city and county have beanworking "under cover" and awaitingfor the Legislature to enact the newcounty option law and it is said thateverything "is cocked and primed" foran early tilt with the liquor forces.This was practically admitted yesterday when a few of the temperancepeople were approached on the subject, but there are other matterswhich makes a local option electionproblematical. However, it is almostcertain liquor traffic will be attackedfrom one angle or another.A prominent temperance man wasasked yesterday if there was anythingin the report which was published inthe daily papers Sunday to which hereplied that the report was all truth,but the fact that the State wide prohibition bill before the Legislaturehad not been acted upon, made it uncertain as to how they would proceedin the fight against liquor, which itis said, will come some time duringthe spring.In the event the State-wide bill isenacted into a law, and the pther billbefore the body is approved, then, itis claimed by the temperance peopthat they will make a fight to bringabout temperance all over the State,but if this measure fails of passage,and it being almost certain that thebill requiring only twenty-five percent, of, the voters in the county to.call an election, will pass) then, theywill take up the fight tinder the county unit law.It is claimed of the temperance peotf-i4-1"- Al-k Rfl-iH- trtwnnav"u,m "" a,Tells of Fate of Two Cit- iffirrAn - n-xzCiio ui ximciioaIf You Need a HatTAKEN FROM PRISOMAND SHOT TO DEATH .Another Englishman BelievedTo Be Among ThoseBefore Firing SquadEL PASO, Texas, February 23.From the dungeon of the "ForeignPrison" in Juarez, through a man whoescaped death by daring and intrigue,friends in El Paso of Gustave Bauchand Domingo Flores, both Americancitizens, learned definitely of theirexecution, in Juarez.J. J. Bacca, a New Mexican cattleman, well known on the border as aman of reliability, whose home Nis inSoccorro, N. M., is in El Paso after anexperience in the Juarez prisonwhich, he says, added years to hisage. v-Bacca was in the same xiell in theunderground dungeon of Villa's private foreigners' prison with Bauchand Flore.Another man was in the same cell,but his name Bacca could not learn.Hefthinks he may have been A. R.Curtis, an Englishman and a friend ofWilliam C. Benton.Bacca saw Bauch, Flores and theother man taken from the prison atSunset Wednesday and heard theguards talk afterward of how thethree had been shot to death, how twoof them had not been killed at once,and begged the firing squad to endtheir agony, and how the grave intowhich the three were thrown was leftopen for "the other American," mean-1"ing Bacca.That night, after many- -ineffectualefforts, Bacca, through outside aid1,made his escape from the prison andreached El Paso, kept in hiding untilthe next morning? and ' then, prostrated by his experience, was forcedto remain in bed imiil today, when hestarted out to find Bauch's sister,Mrs. J. M. Patterson, and deliver toher the last message from Bauch."In a dungeon too low to permit usto stand," said Bacca, "Bauch, Floes,the third man and Isat huddled in acircle on the floor for 25 hours withoutwater or food, but with a good supplyof Mexican cigarettes, which wesmoked incessantly to make a littlelight while we planned in Englishour escape."Bauch wrote the name and address'of his sister on the cuff of his shirt,whicff he tore off and gave me."Bacca says once he and the threemen almost made their escape by attcking the guard and knocking downseveral of them. That was whenthey were being transferred from theCuartel to the dungeon. That sameevening, he says, his three companions were taken out, and his turn wasto come in the morning.Bacca says Villa had him arrestedon the street. He was in Juarez tobuy several hundred cattle from therevolutionists, and seeing Villa approach he went forward to speak tothe rebel Reader.It was the day the plot against Vil-tacking the guard and knocking downdered his arrest. Bacca says he,Bauch and the Englishman werecharged with trying to kill Villa. Do-V;wAnd want to buy one- cheap,take a look in our show window at the $3, $4 and $5hats which we are selling justfor a day or so for aS ooBill Come and buy one whilethey last.--"iiMitchell 8c BSakemore,The Store for Men's StylesParis, Kentuckys3LKiii!iiiiiiiiiiuuniiniiu!Mriiiniii!iiiMiiii!!iniUH'UHininiiiiiiuirinKJiK;;iinuiiiiiiiniJMiiiiii!ii!ii!ii!iii!iiiirjuHFRANK & CO.. The Store Where Reliability Reigns.BIG BARGAINSTo Close Out Balance of Winter GarmentsWe Make the Following Prices:vr' Zf f jttnle that they are meeting with con-The people of the neighborhood ssiaerabie encouragement aioiig anwere considerably exclced over the af- lines and the days of the saloon infair, and had the man been caught itis more than likely he would havebeen summarily dealt with.It was suggested that V. K. Mullikin, of Lexington, be summoned to thescene with his bloodhounds, but after it was considered that snow hadfallen during the intervening hours,this plan was abandoned. Residentsall along the Millersburg road haveIjeen notified and given a descriptionof the man and u sharp lookout isbeing kept "with the hope of capturingTiim.RELATIVES OF WOMAN WHODIED HERE ARE LOCATED.Since the death of Mrs. Mary J.Harp, which occured on January 14,Coroner Rudolph Davis has been engaged in an effort to locate two sonsof the deceased, who were said to reside in the West. in the personaleffects of the woman were found several letters written a number of years, ago to the mother by her sons, and after corresponding with postmasters inseveral Western cities located M. K.Harp in Caper, Wyoming, and Chas.Harp in Whitewood, S. D. At thetime of her death Mrs. Harp nad several hundred 'dollars in the bank, besides personal effects which will bedivided between, the surviving children whenthe estate is settled;, -(Continued on Page Eight.)STUDENT SELECTED TO TEACHIN PARIS PUBLIC SCHOOLParis, Lexington and Winchester arenumbered.That it will be obliterated in all ofthe three counties is almost certainfrom the view of the prohibitionists,but if the new law is passed one ofthe hardest fought battles in the history of Kentucky will be waged at thepolls.On April 11, 1907, the last local option election was held in Paris whichwas under the old election law, anduntil a few weeks ago no intimationhas been made by the temperancepeople of their intentions to wage another fight in the city and county. Ina majority of the "wets" the majoritytorious by a majority of 282. Sincethat time the saloons have been wellregulated and while it is concededpractically that the city would returna majority for the "wis" the majorityin the county against them, it isclaimed by the temperance people,woulTSmore than offset n, with theresult the saloons would be forcedout.The cause of the agitation in Lexington is attributed to the utter disregard of a number of disreputablesaloon keepers for ne Sunday closing laws, keeping open on electionday and selling liquor to minors. Thelawabiding wholesale and retail dealers hav.e taken every precaution toA meeting of the School Board washeld Thursday evening in the PublicSchool building, and considerable routine business was transacted. Mr.Eli Friedman, a member of the seniorclass, Tvas elected to assist in teaching some of the freshmen classes.There is considerable overflow workin which Mr. Friedman, who is an excellent student and a very brightyoung man, has been assisting, so hewas duly elected at this meeting tothe position of regular assistant.$ 7.50 Ladies' Coats, now10.00 Ladies' Coats, now15.00 Ladies' Coats, now20.00 Ladies' Coats, now25.00 Ladies' Coats, now35.00 Ladies' Suits, now25.00 Ladies' Suits, now20.00 Evening Capes, now.15.00 Evening Wraps, now.5.00 Rain Coats, now7.50 Rain Coats, nowy10.00 RakivCoats, now20.00 Silk Dresses, now$ 2.95. 3.95. 5.95. 7.95. 9.95. 15.00. 10.00- - 5.00:. 5.00. 3.75r- 5.75- 6:757.75A IEXTRA SPECIALGirls' and Misses' Suits, Suitable for Girls 1 3 to'1 7 years, $16.50 to $20.00 Grades, now$7.50 Eachiprevent the temperance peopleVfromJjState-wide'prohibition bilL"becoming antagonistic and have petitioned the commissioners to pass ordinances divorcing saloons from- groceries and offering to help prosecutethe violators of the law. This, it issaid by the temperance people will ihavelittle effect in forestalling a localoption election. JThe condition in( Winchester is notso well known, but it is expressedthat the saloons there are well regu-'lated and the saloons keepers adhereto the letter of the law fSeveral meetings have' been heldby the local advocates of temperance)and many plans discussed, but nodefinite course to pursue has been de-jcided upon and this will depnd entirely upon the action or the Legislature. xA petition bearing more than sixliundreknames. all secured in this county,it is said, lias been, forwarded to' iNLk MHMMifMlMBiJUZMBtil&M&2MlBMBfMlf&ME&UKMB4BkFrankfort urging the passage of the W WW 11 JM1 JM1 Jlf .BMPj JMI1H I lHHiK JWF W PPg'Come in and Look at These BargainsFREE A New Ladies' Home Journal Pattern during the week off ebruary 23 to February 28, 1 914FRANK & C9itnTIBiHIWIliflfiirat.fe. Vv -4.w-JH--. w-!A.nj i Ai . , . i-. 1 , i,r Jb3tmimi, -V -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,- KENTUCKY. FEBRUARY 24,1914"Iain an old man and many of my troublesnever happened." -ELBERT HUBBARDTHE white hair and wrinkled faces of our busy men and women tell1 of doubt, fear and anxiety more than disease or age. Worry playshavoc with the nervous system so tnat digestion is ruined and sleepiamshed. What oil is to the friction of the delicate parts of an engineBIS. PZEKCEPSfoldenifcaV. .,.-..-iBliJseryaa s the delicate organs of the body. It's a tonic and body builder because itgailates the liver to vigorous action, assists the ptomach to assimilate food thusesdching the blood, and ihe nerves and heart in turn sre fed on pure rich blood..Neuralgia "is the cry of starved nerves for food." For forty years "GoldenJEfoIical Discovery" in liqyzd forzn has given great satisfaction as a tonic and5W;a maker.Stow it can be obtained in tablet for:rzfroj7z dealers in medicine)T send 50 one-cenz stamps for trial Lore. 7rite R. V.Pierce, Buffalo.dr. P2irn s 'J'"'- ref'nta tltc tsver,-' "". n candy.The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188 32 Years of ConMinouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayProtect Your HomeAnd Safeguard Your Family and Valables by InstallingHOxWE TELEPHONEInstant connection with Fire and Police Departments and1,000 other Telxphones in Paris and Bourbon County.Call our Gontract Department to-day.Lofal and Long Distance Servicegbe Paris Rome Cekpbone ana CeUgrapb o.(Incorporated)1 Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.i$f Telephone No. 4.iWest 5 Street WWe Take Pleasure. ,in oing.up.the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeI Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.3IVfADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 jents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10" cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.TO THE PEOPLE OrTHE UNITED STATES.WOULD PERMIT GROWER TOSELL TOBACCO IN HANDRepresentative R. Y. Thomas, Jr.,introduced a bill Friday'permitting tobacco growers to sell unstemmed leaftobacco in the hand in any quantitywithout the payment of any revenuetax. The measure also permits tobacco buyers to purchase tobacco of this kind without the paymentof revenue tax, and provides thatsales transactions may take placewithout a report to any collector ofinternal revenue or other Governmentagency. This is legislation that hasseveral times before been sought byKentucky members of Congress.YOUR OPPORTUNITYTO GO OUT WEST.Lowest railroad fares of the season.From March 15th to April 15th inclusive, the Missouri-Pacific offers verylow rates to the West and Northwest.Through tourist sleeping cars andthrough free chair car service. Itwill pay you to write at once for leaflet containing full information. Address J. A. Steltenkamp, G. A. P. D.,Hotel Gibson, Cincinnati, O."POOR MAN'S BANK" ROUTSLOAN SHARK BUSINESSfttfte9eC9eftceiTfri Rod- Sri rho Vtrirlf-fThe Higgin All-MetalThe Higgin Ail-MetalWeather Strip.Distributors of the Walger NewcTWodel AwningThe Best Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris MassieHospital, A.J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others.Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought jiow for future delivery are fmade atcents per square foot cherper.T. A. Hendricks,Sales AgentPhone 2585 Lexington, Ky.23-sept-tfThe Atlanta Loan & Savings Co., isits official title, but everybody in Atlanta, Ga., calls it "The Poor Man'sBank."It was founded as a protest againstthe loan shark, lives up to its name inspirit and act. Its basis is honestyand labor, the only capital a poor manhas.To draw money from this bank allthe borrower needs do is to get threereputable persons to indorse him ashonest and industrious.On this security "the poor man'sbank" will advance money for a termof 52 weeks on dqllar-a-week payments. Eight per cent, interest is charged.Each borrower, whether his loan belarge or small, subscribes for one ormore shares of stock, according tothe amount of his loan.This stock is hypothecated to secure the loan. At toe end of the 52-! week term the borrower may surren-IS" "5 2S fH fOl&JJS I Nicholas Murray Butler, New YorkOn Christmas Eve, 1814, Messrs.John Qiiincy Adams, James A. Bayard,Henry Clay, Albert Gallatin and Jonathan Russell, on behalf of the UnitedStates, and Lord Gambier, Dr. Adamsand Henry Gouldburn, Esq., on behalfof Great Britain, signed the Treaty ofGhent, which ended the war betweenthe two countries.Shortly thereafter Mr. John QuincyAdams expressed the hope, so wonderfully realized, that the peace thus restored should" be enduring, saying,"May the gates of the temple of Janusclosed here never be opened duringthe century."A few months later peace societiessprang into being in both America andEngland; and within three years, byformal agreement, the boundry linebetween the United States and Canada became a mere political limitation, like the peaceful boundariesseparate the States of the AmericanUnion, instead of a series of fortifications between two nations mutuallydistrustful of one another.Believing that the blessings thathave followed in the train of the peacethus established cannot better bebrought to the attention of the worldat large than by a fitting celebration,the American Committee at its initialmeeting, held four years ago, formulated a plan for this purpose. Theproposal was soon thereafter laid before the peoples of Great Britain andthe self-governing colonies of theBritish Empire.The American committe was animated by a patriotic impulse and thebelief that through an adequate worldwide celebration of the century ofpeace great good would be accomplished towards the rational settlement of international disputes. Andit hoped and hopes to effect thisthrough the creation of a sentimentwhich shall educate the peoples ofthe wrold to regard forbearance andmutual understanding as virtues to becultivated by governments and nations, as well as by inGividuals.The committee also considered thatthrough the association of the peoplesof many nationalities there would result increased acquaintance, friendship and mutual understanding whichare essential to permanent peace.Therefore, the undersigned, a special committee acting for the AmericanCommittee, a body whose many thousand members are representative ofevery section of the United States,of every walk of life, and of everyprofession and calling and of the different elements from which our population is drawn, invite and urge cooperation throughout the UnitedStates, and the active, sympathetic interest of the citizens or subjects ofall countries.It is sincerely hoped that all willtake part with the American Committee, or with similar committees inother lands in the preparation and execution of an adequate and fitting program that shall signalize, as no otheroccurrence in the past would enableus to do, the realization of Mr. Adam'sprophetic wish that the twentieth century might find the eace still unbroken. That our country has been such anactive factor in this wonderfulachievement prompts us to celebratethe event for peace as well as waris an event between nations andarouses the hope that the hundredyears which have passed since theTreaty of Ghent was signed on Christmas Eve, 1814, may be not only theprecursor of a perpetual peace between Great Britain and the UnitedStates, but the promise of a broadening era of enduring peace between allnations.Thomas F. Bayard, Wilmington, Del.William Jennings Bryan, Washington,D. u.tmW.he may reinvest it in bank stock.Woods White is its head.Last year it made 1155 loans for a' total of $150,552, ana It practically put ithe loan shark out of businessWhen you read the household column and the hints on how to cook,your mood grows rather solemn. Youprefer a story book. You find yourself refusing recipes expressed soneat. Literature makes fine perusingbut it isn't good to eat."DIXIANA" STOCK FARM INFAYETTE IS SOLD FOR $50,000oaGEO. W. DAVISfuneral' director and licensed embalmer.BOTH'PHONES DAI 137; NIGHT 399.Mr. John T. Hedges, well-knownstock raiser and farmer of this county, purchased Tuesday at public auction "Dixiana," one of the most notedstock farms in Central Kentucky, andowned by Major J. T. Carson, and located in Fayette county, for $105.10an acre, or a little over $50,000.The contending bidders were JonasWeil, C. H. Berryman, C. W. Bohmar,of Lexington, and C. H. Marshall, ofWoodford county.The place comprises 482 acres anda fraction, and is located six milesfrom Lexineton. on the Briar Hillpike. It has been owned for a number of years by Major Carson, whochanged the name from Briar Hill toDixiana, and which under his management has produced quite a number ofhorses which have won recognitionon the turf.The purchaser will get possessionof the property about March 1, andwill continue it as a stock farm.Mr. Hedges Wednesday closed adeal with Mr. Jonas Weil, of Fayettecounty, for the purchase of the farm,but it is not known what advance inprice he received ever the price hepaid at the auction sale.ilHA AND HIDESUm MM HIGHEST MARKET PRICE PAIDP M k FOR RAW FURS AND HIDESW Bw nS Wool on CemralMlon. Write for price"" " " Utt mermonwf this ad.MUM tifUITr 0 AA Etablihedl837JUnfl WnlJt&bUi L0UISVILLE,KY.y--.-rif ill IIwmtzmmi kmv Mflrv&MNtii'Warren A. Candler. Atlanta. Ga.Andrew Carnegie, New York.William L. Carpenter, Detroit, Mich.Joseph H. Choate, New York.John D. Crimmins, New York.George Dewey, Washington, D. C.Jacob M. Dickerson, Nashville, Tenn.Henry Sturgis Drinker, South Bethlehem, Pa.John F. Fitzgerald, Boston, Mass.Austin G. Fox, New York.Albert Eugene Gallatin, New York.Jan-iPS Cardinal Gibbons, Baltimore,Md.Samuel Gompers, Washington, D. C.Reuben B. Hale, San Francisco, Cal.W. O. Hart, New Orlenas, La.Charles D. Hilles. New York.Andrew B. HumDhrev. New York.j Hennen Jennings, Washington, D. C.Harry P. Judson, Chicago, 111.Williom F. McCombs, New YorkHenry B. F. MacFarland, WaTisington,D. C.William Hodges Mann, Richmond, Va.Andrew J. Montague, Richmond, Va.Alton B. Parker, New York.Jacob H. Schiff, New York.James Brow Scott, Washington, D. C.Albert Shaw, New ork.Adlai E. Stevenson, Bloomington, 111.John A. Stewart, New York.Oscar S. Straus, New York.Frank S. Streeter, Concord, N. H.William Howard Taft, New HavenConn.Charlemague Tower, Philadelphia, Pa.Cornelius Vanderbilt, New York.One Lone GermBreeds MillionsA sore or cut lets thegerms under the skin.If you don't stop Itsbreeding there will bomillions la a tew days.Stop the Breeding With DR. BELL'S'Antiseptic SalveThough her $10,000 income fell under the list of expeptioris, Mrs. EllaFlagg Young, Superintendent of theChicago schools, paid $55 income taxas a "conscience balm."CRISP AND DELICIOUSBntter-Wheat is a dainty, crisp anddelicious cereal food.It stops the breeding at once. It keeps away all'- Kurius .i suoines ana neais as sure asyou use It. A 25c. box will prevent hundredsol dollars of trouble.Tell It By The Bell"For Sale by All Druggists.HOW IS YOUR BOILER?It has been stated that . a man'sstomach is his boiler, his body is hisengine, and his mouth is his fire-box.is your boiler (stomach) in good working order or is it so wejik that it willnot stand a full load and not be ableto supply the needed;, energy to yourengine (body)? If you have anytrouble with yonr stomach Chamberlain's Tablets will do you good. Theystrengthen and invigorate the stomach and enable it to do its wok naturally. Many very remarkable curesof stomach trouble have been effected;by them. For sale by all dealers.i ,Feb.) w . (adv)New Year's ResolutionsThoughtful consumers of FUEL will resolve to obtain the hig hestef f iciency for theirmoney during the year to come. This meansthat they will use3ox Ziidge Coaly'THE FUELWITHOUT A FAULT."Dodson & DentonThe Home of vGood CoalYards, South Main St. Both Phones 140QSScSSff!0eSSX&gSSS3fMMi CANCER CURED 41! guarantee every case I un- Jdertake; 20 years practice; ref- 4erence, any citizen of Paris.J DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.Valuable City Property ForSale.The residence of the late Mr. J.D. Butler, on Mt. Airy Avenue, will besold at public auction, on the premises, STURDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1914,at 11 o'clock a. m. The lot containsabout an acre of land and has on it ahouse of nine rooms and bath, finecistern and large stable. A mostdesirable home for any one wantingthe comforts of a country place andadvantages of the city.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.MRS. JOHN C. MORRISON,(10-4t) TrusteePublic SaleWe will sell at public sale threequarters of a mile east of Mt. Olive,O., on F. & B. R. R. onTUESDAY, FEB. 24, 1914,at 10 o'clock, 25 head of RegisteredHolstein cattle and 3 bulls.L. F. SWOPE & SON.Suffragettes waked up Blackburn,near London, England, by firing a 60year old cannon, relic of the CrimeanWar.WallPapers2 EstimatesS Furnished onJobs CompleteHandsome Lineof Samples.$ Telephone 7S1J I Solicit Your Tradeil ALBERT JONESS Oct 3 tf994MH. M. HamiltonVeterinarianOffice at Butler's Drug Store,opp. Courthouse. Phones 261.Paris, Ky.(lOfeb-lmo)YMAN'S STORYCame Near Losing His Life-How He EscapedA CLERGThe followingletter was received by ThePeruna Co., fromBev. G. W. Roberts, R. R. 2, Bos27, Hartsell, Alabama, under dateof April 2, 1904,which is exactlynine years ago.He says: "I takepleasure in informing ypii ofwhat your Peruna has done REV. G. W. ROBERTS,R.R.2.Box27,Hartsell, Ala.for me afterthree years ofsuffering. I had tried the treatmentsof several doctors, also home remedies, but they failed and all hopehad gone. My friends, like myself,thought I was in the last stages ofconsumption."My daughter brought me a bottleof Peruna and plead with me to tryit. I had got so weak I had lost myvoice, and I thought it no use. Thatwas in May, 1902. I began to takeit, according to directions. I wroteto you, and you gave me your kindadvice.T soon felt better, my cough beganto give way, and the expectorationlessened. I have taken fourteen bottles. I feel well, eat hearty, sleepsoundly, weigh as much as I ever did,do considerable work on my farm,and attend to my other business.My friends seem astonished at my recovery. "I wish to thank you for your kindadvice and the books you have sentme. I shall ever praise your medicineand hope that you may enjoy a longlife."It will be observed that Rev. Roberts waited two years after he beganto use Peruna, before he wrote theabove letter to The Peruna Co. Sothat his apparent recovery could notpossibly have been temporary relief.In a later letter to The Peruna Co.,dated September 22, 190ft Rev. Roberts says: T am a great friend ofPerkna. By the use of Dr. Hartman'sadvice I am here to-day, able to bewith my family and attend to mybusiness."We quote from another letter, datedDecember 10, 1906: 4T praise Perunato all the sick. The people knowmy case, and they praise it also."In a letter dated November 22,1909, we quote Rev. Roberts: Teruna gave me back my life tenyears ago. All my acquaintancesknow that. I am certainly thankfulto you for your kindness."In a later letter, dated January 13,1910, he says: "I shall ever in thefuture, as in the past, be ready tospeak in praise of Peruna to all sufferers. I believe my miraculous curehas been the means of many othersbeing cured in this county."From a letter of September 5, 1911,we quote a few words: "I am stillamong the living. As to Peruna, Ido not feel that I have words to express the faith I have in its merits.I feel that Peruna has been themeans, through the kind providenceof God, of prolonging my life formore than ten years."We quote a still later letter, October31, 1912. He says: "I took a severecold three weeks ago. I at once sentfor Peruna. Have been taking it twoweeks. I am now better. I considerthat Peruna has carried me over adozen years of life. I always standready to answer any question in reference to Peruna."We quote from his last letter, datedJanuary 2, 1913: "Dear Friends: Iwish this bright New Tears to express my thanks to you for yourkindness. Trusting that you mayhave a successful and happy year, andthat your medicine may prove ablessing to many as it has to me, Iam yours as ever, G. W. Roberts,Hartsell, Alabama, R. F. D. 2, Box27."It is not necessary for us to addany words to this story. The eloquence and pathos of these lettersare more convincing than argumentsor affidavits. Who can doubt theclergyman's story? Who can doubtthat Peruna saved his life?Every home should be providedwith the last edition of the "Bis ofLife," ,aent free by the Peruna, -CoColumbus, Okie.- 'V:--"vi:" - v;-,-aCK ,44. .PV,KX. ..-..alHiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEBRUARY 24, 1914VtARE YOU RUN DOWN?)ne appication soothes and heals a rough,iThe more you meet some men the jmore you wonder at the nign price orivory. ' Awaken to the Danger and Ad theThe world may be growing better. Weakened Kidneys.But there was a time when only oneclass of women painted their faces. j Kidney sicimeSs often runs youYou can't get a man to buy the dQwri tQ the y of collapse beforesame gold brick twice, but a widower you knQW the cause when you seemwill often marry again. i unable to pin your mind to any task,! I your back aches, and you cannot doask yourself this question: "Are mykidneys working right?" The answer may be' easily found.Weak kidneys sLscicen their filter-itiop TiriT'lr and tlia nn'n api'H rirrii1atocj J with the blood, in many cases attacking brain, nerves, muscles and vitalorgans. Don't wait for the serioustrouble begin using Doan's KidneyPills when you feel the first backacheor first notice urinary disorders. Thisremedy has given new life andstrength to thousands.Proof of merit in a Paris citizen'sstatement.Mrs. Hodge, 221 West street, Paris,Ky., says: "I had dizzy and nervousspells and my head and back ached,showing that my kidneys were weak.When I saw Doan's Kidney Pills advertised I used them and theyme entire relief."For sale by all dealers. Price 50r ire. Eczema. Erys.pelas, Tetter, Ulcers andall skn d seass yield to Us curative properties.5Gc a box. i au uruggisis.s;nd tot f.c ramr-io and IkjoV. "Health and Beauty."JOKNSTun, HuxwnAi c iu.,730 Spring Garden t.t.F Pliila., Paaj752ZjvS53S3OSWhen you feeliscouragecoufused, nevrmq tired, worried or despondent it issure sign you need MOTTS NERVERINPILLS. They renew the normal vigor aimake life worth living. Be sure and ask IMotfs Nerverine Pills gSiuWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Prop., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist. Paris. Ky..-,BUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop.Three Expert Artists; NoWaits.Hot and ColdBaths.Main vt. - Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.FOREST NOTES.Government Helps ConstructFences For Stock.DriftIn order to control the movementsof sheep and cattle grazed under permits on the National forests, the government is constructing what areknown as drift fences which facilitate the counting and handling of theanimals. These fences also help toregulate the time when stock may enter the forests, so that sheep and cattle can be kept off in the early springuntil the young grass and other forageplants have had a -mance to get astart. In some cases, too, they restrict grazing to certain areas andserve either to protect some grazinggrounds or to secure a complete utilization of the forage on others.What Is a Di:rt Fence. -The drift fences are not enclosures, but generally extend for a longdistance across the country, muchlike the "drift fences " or snow fences along railroad rights of way.Railroad fences, however, take theirname from the fact that they servegave : to pile the wind-blown snow to thewindward side of the track, so it willnot settle in the cuts and impedeI EXCELSIOR 0 .;. f h ,f sssssir MODEL 7-C ssssscents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, I traffic. The drift fences for stockKeep tne animais irom going in certain directions, or "drifting," to use aNew York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.(adv)Nine times out of ten you will findout tha the man with a bad cold isa man who is afraid or fresh air. iEvery girl likes to be coaxed fora whole hour to co something sheireally wants to do.-i Paris (jrandi!I Thursday, A! February fyVARTHTR HAMMERSTEINPresentsEdith ThayerEn a New Comedy Opera,Book and Lyrics by Otto HauerbackMusic by Rudolph FrimlDirect Fronfi a Record-breaking Runat the Casino Theatre,New York CityEsemble of 60- y Augmented Orchestra of 20Paris Grand!!Wednesday, ACFebruary V !John W. Vogel'sBIG CITYMINSTRELScattleman's expression, or restrictthem to specified areas for the winterand toothers for the summer. Theyi may also prevent stock from grazingupon areas where poisonous plantsare found; thus they lessen the costof herding and prevent losses.Examples of the use of drift fences are furnished in several built onthe Dixie forest of Utah, where stockgrazing is important. Five miles ofdrift fences were built by the government on this forest to protect the water supply of the city of St. Georgefrom contamination by forest rangecattle. This, with other stretches ofsubstantial wire fence in connectionwith rocky ledges, which are equallygood barriers against stock, makesthe southern boundary of one of thedivisions of this forest stock proof, except at certain established gateways.During the coming year sixteen milesof fence is to be built across thenorthern part of this division. Thiswill distinctly separate the northernrange from that to the south, whichis on an average some 3,000 feethigher and will be used exclusivelyas summer range, uy keeping thestock on the separate areas until theforage on the other has had a chanceto start both winter and summerrange will be greatly improved andtheir carrying capacity increased.Horses, Cattle and Larkspur.Another interesting development is4 miles of drift fence on the Fishlake forest in the same State. It wasbuilt to keep cattle on the north sideand horses on the south where larkspur grows in abundance. Larkspuris very poisonous to cattle, but is noteatne at all by horses. Before thisfence was built, 60 cattle had died inone month, June; after it was builtand the cattle were excluded from thelarkspur areas then; was a furtherloss of only 5, though July and Augustare considered by cattelmen in Utahthe worst months for lajrkspur poisoning. Forest officers therefore haveestimated that this fence, which cost$750, saved $2,500 in the first year itwas built, and should save $4,000, orfive times its cost, each season. It issaid, too that it increases the carrying bapacity of the grazing districtabout 15 per cent.Two other fences in the same State,costing $2,100, will, on a conservativeestimate by the cattlemen, save approximately $6,000 a year.Fences Are Co-Operative Projects.In certain areas -vvhere the fenceswillgreatly minimize the problems ofthe "forest officers in handling cattlewithin the national forests, the cost isborne by the government. In otherareas where the benefits to stockmenhave been shown they are built inco-operation with the cattle owners,who pay a large part of the expenseor furnish the labor. Throughout theNational forest States there are cattle and sheep owners' associationswhich represent individuals who grazetheir flocks and herds upon the National forests. AH differences whicharise between the torest officers andthe individual owners are submittedto the advisory boards of these associations, and they are therefore clearing houses for the settlement of anydifficulties which may need adjustment. According to the officials ofthe service, these associations havepractically eliminated controversies,and the officials who administer themare in perfect accord with the policies of the government. One of theevidences of this is shown in the driftfences which help both sides.We will have in Paris a Full Stock all Models. We SellPope, Plying Marshall and Day ton.The Joseph Candioto Co.151-1 53-1 55 North Broadway, Lexington, Ky.Supplies of all kinds.'tSTOCK ID FARM NOTES IThe prejudice that formerly existed against Kentucky beef cattle atthe big packing centers of the countryhas now disappeared, according toSam Bell, a well-known feeder of Hardin county, who sold a drove of cattleat the St. Louis National Stock Yardsthis week at $8.60, the highest priceof the year locally for Kentucky cattle. Mr. Bell says that a few yearsago Kentucky cattltr were discriminated against to some extent by killers, as the latter claimed the Bluegrass State stock was too large andcoarse in the brisket and foreleg andtoo small in the loin. Of late years,however, the Kentucky farmers havebred a high-class lor of beef cattlethat now rank with the best that theCorn Belt can turn out.I Clearance SaleLEBANON "DRYS" tfPPOSENATION-WIDE PROHIBITIONSNow Going On"Many of the signatures attached topetitions to me protesting against nation-wideprohibition are signed bywell-known 'drys' in niy district," saidRepresentative Ben Johnson, of Kentucky, at Washington, Friday."This feature has interested -and impressed me. I have received some ofthe petitions from Lebanon, for instance, signed by men who have nouse, political or personal, for personsengaged in the manuracture, distribution or use of liquor."The Prohibition forces are demanding a vote in Congress on the theorythat their amendment will pass.Hundreds of thousands of petitionsagainst this demand have beenceived by Kentuckiahs.Big Cut on AllWinter Goodsre-CHILDREN HATE OIL,. CALOMEL AND PILLS"California Syrup of Figs" Best forTender Stomach, Liver, BowelsThe One That Has66STOOD99Different From All OthersIx!xIReceipts from the use of nationalforest resources were greatest inArizona last year.Look back to your childhood days.Remember the "dose" mother insistedon castor oil, calomel, cathartics.How you hated them, how you foughtagainst taking them. .With our children it's different.Mothers who cling o the old form ofphysic simply don't 'realize what they-do. The children's revolt is well-founded. Their tender little "insides"are injured by them.If your child's stomach, liver andbowels need cleansing, give only delicious "California Syrup of Figs."Its action is positive, but gentle.Millions of mothers keep this harmless "fruit laxative" handy; theyknow children love to take it; that itnever fails to clean the liver andbowels and sweeten the stomach, andthat a teaspoonful given today savesa sick child tomorrow.Ask your druggist for a 50-cent bottle of "California Syrup of Figs,"which has full directions for babies,children of all ages, and for grownupsplainly on each bottle. Beware ofcounterfeits sold here. See that it ismade by "California Fig Syrup Company." Refuse, any other kind withcontempt. (adv)TwinBios. DflSloieJSeventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.U & N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trains jSLrrrveDr. C. D. Marsh, -of the Federal Bureau of Plant Industry is delivering aseries of illustrated lectures to stockmen in the West! on the subject ofplants poisonous to stock.The Baltimore forest school, established in 1898 and therefore the oldestforest school in America, has been discontinued. Dr. C. A. Schenck, its director, has returned to his home inGermany.No.341342971040373123326259138385398Prices, 25c to $1Parade at NoonThe forest service is completing anew volume table for calculating theboard contests of standing westernyellow pine trees in the southwest.It is based on actual measurementsof 6,000 trees.In trying to find uses for blightkilled chestnut it has been foundthat it cannot be utilized, for crating stone; quarry owners say thatchestnut wood leaves an Indeliblestain on the marble or granite.Railroads caused nearly half theforest fires in Colorado and Wyominglast year, and aluost one-sixth more'set by lightning.. In California lightning started more than half, with railroads a comparatively, insigniflcarifccause - I l -.. -COUNTY COURT DAYS:Below is a list of the days CountyCourts are held each month in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawrecetmrg, 3d Monday.Bath, Owingsville, 2d, Monday.Bourbon, Paris, itt Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Breathitt,-Jackson, 4th Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d, Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Henry, Newcastle, 1st Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, nd Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday.Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Mon"day. Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday.Oldham,. Lagrange, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Peindleton, Falmocn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wayne, Montecello, 4th Monday.. Woodford, Versailles, 4th Monday.FROMAtlanta, Ga Daily 5:21Lexington, Ky., Daily 5:18 akCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y .7:35 asMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:38 aimRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45" amLexington, Ky., Daily Excep't Sunday 7:42 aimCincinnati, O., Daily . 9:38 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ... 10:2damLexington, Ky., Daily :... 10:15amCincinnati, O., Daily I .' 10:24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:00 nrCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. 3 :10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:15pmLexington, Ky., Daily 3:33 pmKnoxville, Tenn., Daily .' .- 3:30pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5:35 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pmLexington, Ky., Daily , 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily ; 6:23 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50pmTrains De-partN- - T0 . oo34 Cincinnati, O., Daily 5:28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:35 an7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:47 am40 Cincinnati, O.", Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9:43 ai37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9:45 an33 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily 10:29 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:27 am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily 12:05pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:04 am13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3 :33 j38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3:40pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5r:5rJpi'39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday r. . 5: 58 par32 Cincinnati, O., Daily8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday J::31 Lexington! Ky., Daily " ?:131 Atlanta, Ga., TJaily lt:5?iTrains ArriveNo. FROM' 2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday v :404 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:5Trains IDeartlNo. v i TO . ".!,"I .Franikfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : t. . . . 8:33 Frankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sinday....-.:: vr:...vsft.VC:at;v;hsrTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAJUS, KY.,EBRUARY 24, 1914VSMALL POX GUARD RUNSAMUCK AND USES PISTOLGUN TOTERS MAY EXPECTLIMIT IN POLICE COURTNathan Garrett, a negro employedjls x-vguafd over several 'small pox patients in the negro suburb of ClaysTflle, yesterday morning about teno'clock brought his pistol intn playuid for & time made things lively inthat locality. Garrett, it is said, had3een drinking, and fired his revolverthrough the door of the building in;which the patients were quartered."One bullet passed through the clothing of Mag Clay, a negress. He wasarrested vby Patrolman George Judyand Deputy Sheriff W. G. McClintock,and lodged in jail.EDITH THAYER PLEASES LARGECROWDS AT EVANSVILLE""SLUMBER LAND" TO BEPRESENTED HERE IN MARCH"Slumberland," a mammoth musicla was discovered and Villa at once or--alextravanza with a cast of aboutpresented two nights in Paris the sectmd week in March, probably at theGrand Opera House.This is a stupendous musical play Jthat Prof. Hendricks nas arranged totve here for the benefit, of a schoolfund. A New York producer is already in the city, and will commence-rehearsals Tuesday at the HighSchool auditorium. "Slumberland" isnot a children's play as a great number of our talented young ladies andgentlemen are required in the cast, together with crowds of little folks insinging and dancing ensenbles. Thechildren will rehearse in the afternoon and adults at night.The first reherasal of "grown-ups"is called for Tuesday night, and allthe young folks of the city are invitedto meet at the school and assume oneof the parts in the play.Gun toters may expect the' limit inthe police court of this city, if theyare caught, as the presiding judge, B.B. January, has declared that the violtors of the concealed weapon lawsmy expect no leniency on the part ofthe court.This was made evident yesterdaymorning when afine of $100 and thirty days' jail sentence was imposed onJames Stevenson, a negro, who wasarrested Saturday by Chief of PoliceFred Link. When taken into custodyStevenson had on his person a youngcannon. The weapon was a forty-fivecalibre Colts revolver measuringfourteen inches. Thet barrel wasseven and one-half inches in lengthand the weapon weighed threeone-half pounds.The News yesjeraty morning received the following dispatch fromCONFEDERATE VETERAN DIES .AFTER ATTACK OF PNEUMONIAJohn Augustine Eastin, generallyknown "as Gus Eastin, a ConfederateMorris R. Levi, dramatic editor of the veteran who was one of the five sur-Journal-News, of Evansyllle, Ind., in vivors of Capt. John a. castleman sregard to the uerformance of "The original company of Morgan's men,Firefly," in which Miss Edna Thayer , and who was widely known as a turfis starring, and which will be the at- mn and was a welthy nd prominenttraction at the Grand Opera House in citizen of Lexington, died Fridy evethis city, next Thursday evening: jning at 5:30 o'clock at -the residence"Edith Thayer, a fascinating mite of Jiis grand-niece, Mrs. Nelson H.of an actress, with a voice operatic in . Smith, in Lexington, where he hadkStevenson was taKen up on suspicion of being implicated m a roDDeryand when searched the weapon wasfound. It developed at his trial yesterday that he had no connectionwith the offense, and a charge of carrying concealed weapons was placedginst him. -At this time it is said that there areupwards of one hundred and fifty nequality, lighted a path for herselfstraight into the regard of Evansvilletheatre-goers today when she appeared at the Wells Bijou In the title roleof ' The Firefly.' One would hardlyexpect such volume and sweeetness oftone froin sucn a tiny body as Missand i Thayer Injects into the melodiousscore Rudolf Fleim has provided as amusical setting for 'The Firefly.' Apleasant story of an Italian streetsinger, whose vivacity and voice wonher not only a career but a lesserhalf. Seconding Miss Thayer is Maxfield Moree, comenian-in-chief, whoseRichard Carlesque drolleries are scattered throughout the two acts and theprologue. Paul Verinon, a capablecharacter pjayer, with a robust sing-1 Wolf, Wiled CoSormerli JVauman, Straus e CoIXXMOLLYCODDLELAXATIVESCan Hot and Do Hot Touch the LiverThey may clear out the intestinal tract,but do not relieve the dammed-up bile.Years ago May Apple Boot (called Podophyllum was a last-resort bile starter.It griped fearfully, but brought out thebile. Podophyllin -with the gripe takenout is now to be had under the namegroes employed by the Louisville & ing voice, makes an admirable HerrNashville railroad, or in the railroad Franc, and the cast in general is adeconstruction camps, who' are out of quate to the demands made upon it.employment, nd the railroad company The dancing is in good hands, withrefusing to give them transportation Bert Wheeler and Irene Samsel in theto Alabama a number of them claim principal numbers, while in the scorethey will stay in this section. ' Sympathy,' the song cast in waltzIt is said by the police officials that time that has enjoyed national poputliese negroes are of the most undesir- larity, and a score or others insure aable class, and almost without excep- pleasant performance."tion the possess firearms and frequently carry them. It is the purpose of the officials to make an effortto rid the community of this class orbreak them form carrying concealedweapons, and every one brought intopolice court on this cnarge will be given the full extent both in fines and injail sentences.MILK AND CREAM.The newspapers of to-day are newsier and better than those of otherdays. But they have their faults. Adishwasher in a hash house can always get her picture on the frontpage by suing a garbage wagon driver -for $50,00 for breach of promise.If you want the freshest, richestand most sanitary milk and cream, .weha3&e it; bottled by C. R. White. Calleither phone 207.(20-2t) C. P. COOK & CO.been making his home. fMr.. Eastin was 79 years of age, anddeth was due to pneumonia, fromwhich he had been ill for two weeks.Mr. Eastin was never married, but issurvived by three nephews, WilliamA., J. J., and T. B. Eastin, all of Lexington; three nieces, Mrs. Lucy Veal,Mrs. Mary Barnaby, and Mrs. SusanAppleton-; a grand-nephew, GeorgeChick, and a grand-niece, Mrs. Smith,these also of Lexington. Mr. Eastinhad accumulated a nandsome estateand for several years had withdrawnfrom active business, giving much ofhis leisure to enjoying social life. HeJwas deeply devoted to his old compan-ions-in-armsof Morgan's commandand especially of the old companuy ofwhich Captain, now General John B.Castleman, led to the war. Onlyfour of the old company, includingGeneral Castleman, are now living,and at his old commander's requestMr. Eastin recently sent a photographof the four other survivors to Gen.Castleman, at Louisville.For many years Mr. Eastin racedwith marked success, his stable being run under the name of Eastin &Larrabee, his partner being a verywealthy miner of Montana. Amongthe great horses which carried theircolors were Poet Scout, Ben Holladayand Kinley Mack. iThe funeral was held at the gravein the Lexington cemetery Sundayafternoon at 3 o'clock.CORRECT SPRING STYLES INReadu-to-Wear GarmentsFOR WOMEN AND CHILDRENNNEGRO CHARGED WITH FORGERYIS HELD TO THE GRAND JURYNO PAUPERS IN GARRARD.For Sale by All Druggists.Thereare no paupers in Garrardcounty's almshouse, thus indicatingthe thrift and general prosperity evenof the colored population of thecounty.Fisher Williams, i colored boy,who was arrested last Thursday byChief of Police Fred Link, on a chargeof forgery was yesterday .held to thegrand jury in police court. It isalleged that Williams forged the nameof Holt Henry to eight checks andsucceeded in obtaining money from anumber of Paris merchants to the extent of-?48.COLUMBIA THEATRE CLOSEDTO UNDERGO REPAIRSThe Columbia Theatre closed Saturday night for ten days, during whichtime it will undergo extensive repairs,which will make it one of the mostcomplete in this section of the State.A large force of carpenters was employed yesterday morning in tearingout the old floor, and the new onewhich will be put in will be lowered.In addition to this the interior will beattractively decorated and many newappliances installed.Nill lilfi FITRNTTRrSAl HSRtNaJLll 1 Ull!i lyrL JiLI-DNew Spring SuitsOf Chiffon, Taffeta, Moire, Crepe Poplin andXFrench Serge v '$17.50 to $85.00New Spring DressesOf Crepe de Chine, Soft Taffeta, Crepe Meteor, WoolCrepe and Lightweight Serge$8.00 o $50.00 , vNew Spring WaistsOf Crepe de Chine, Charmeuse, Canton Crepe, Lace, Net,Chiffon and all the newest Cotton and -LingerieMaterialsSilk Waists, $3.85 to $1 5.00Cotton Waists, $1.00 to $8,50A Splendid Crepe de Chine WaistVt $3.85Wonderful Cotton and Linen Waists at $1.00t New Dress SkirtsOf fine Quality Chiffon, Taffeta, Crepe Meteor, Smart. Plaids and Plain Woolens, all in the LatestRuffle and Three-Tier Effects$5.00 to $20.00Everything, as We Said in Our Page Ad,Must Go in Our Sale of House-furnishing Goods.SeeiOur Window Display of Rugs and Remnants of Carpets. We want you to see them.ttiBrass andIron BedsA big cut iu thingsthat are alwaysneeded in thehome. See them.$1.90up to $48.00Library ?mdStand TablesA Beautiful Line topick from$1.00up to $23.00::xXiWoif, Wile & Co.VXXLexingtoiij "SSL-oiCONFEDERATE DAUGHTERSHOLD REGULAR MEETINGRichard Hawes Chapter, UnitedDaughters of the Confederacy, heldits regular monthly meeting at thecourt house Saturday afternoon. Inthe absence of Mrs. William G. Talbott Mrs. John Conneil acted as president. Considerable uusiness of imfportance to the Chapter was transacted and papers were read by Mrs. J.D. Burnaugh and JVns. John C. Bedford, the latter being on the life andrecent death of J. S. Cunningham, editor of The Veteran, the organ ofConfederate organisations, which ispublished at Nashville, Tenn. TheChapter sent a contribution to the Arlington memorial.Some men spend half , their timegetting in bed and the other in asquealing about it.WANTED.Room for light housekeeping; centrally located, Main Street preferred.Apply at this office. 20-2tNAVEN WILL IS CROKENIN SCOTT CIRCUIT COURTLet us cover your kitchen floor with some of ourLINOLEUM DURING OURjSALELet us show you the Improved,, voMarion Kitchen Cabinet at $27.50during our February and March SaleHere is Where You Save Work and MoneyA. F. Wheeler Furniture Go.Main StreetCH AS. GREEN, Mr.Opp. Court House Jt4-The jury returned a verdict in theScott Circuit Court Saturday after-r. .' ?C7?JL.yyrv"iA Arthur HammerstoiTito ue me mst win ana testament I or "an,. . T7, . ,.THEATRICAL.Vogel's Big City Minstrels.John W. Vogel's Big City Minstrelswill be seen at the Paris Grand tomorrow night. The company is halfa hundred strong, and boasts of a roster second to none. Manager Vogel'sreputation for being a standard bearer is enough to stisfy us that the performance will be in keeping with theheralding. The Radium Palace, anew and very elaborate first part setting, will be presented here for thefirst time, and it is said to be the mostbeautiful and costly affair ever usedby ny theatrical compny in this orny other country.The advance sale opened last Friday.day, and the demand indicates anunusually crowded house.(adv)"The Firefly.",Miss Edith Thayer, her voice even'more beautiful than when she wasidentified with Oscar Hammerstein'sGrand Opera Co., and her stage presence still typified by a wonderful andtireless energy,, will make her appear-vance in the new Hauerbach-Frimi comedy opera, "The Firefly," at the"Paris Grand Opera House, Thursdayevening, Feb. 26, under the directionBridget Naven, not to be her will.The will was probated in the Scottcounty court, but a contest was madeby the sisters and brothers of MissNaven.The testa'trix gave all her property,valued at about $10,000, .to John C.Cain, of Lexington. The will wascontested on the grounds that the tesatrix had been unduly influenced byCain, and hat she gare her propertyto a stranger instead of her ownbrothers and sisters.Attorneys Robert C. Talbott, ofParis, and Robert B. Franklin, ofDdngton, represeuzed the contestants "SCOTT COLINTY LOCALOPTION ELECTION VOIDCircuit Judge Stout, in a decisionhanded down in the Scott CircuitCourt, Satnrday, declared the last local option election void and of noeffect.The "wets" contested the validityif the election on the ground that theiall for the ellection was not -uponoetitlon of twenty-five per cent, of thevoters i neach urecinct.Tlie petitions as originally prepared-ontained the statutory number ofsigners, but afterward the "wets" succeeded in inducing a 6ufficient number to withdraw their names to destroy the effectiveness of the petitionsand this technicality is restfonsiblt forthe decision rendered by Judge Stout.The "drys" will immediately prepare for another contest and allegethat there will tje a greater number ofpetitioners this time thain ever he-Afor, as mauy business men now favorlocal prohibiion.The Firefly" is & realistic and iov-ous stage dream, a varying spectacleof radiant beauty and entrancing music, and ther are no dull moments.When captivating songs do not engage the attention witty lines, praiseworthy acting, well-executed dances,humorous and sometimess spectacular situations follow in such rapidsuccession as to hold interest throughout. It has been several years since alight opera of the "Firefly" type hasbeen prodluced with such unity. Theunusual feature of this production isthat although chorus ensembles andmusical numbers are frequent theydovetail into the plot naturallv without the jarring effects that frequentlymar musical plays."The Firefly" has been written tofit Miss- Thayer's voice a fact thtgives her many opportunities to display her voca 1 abilities. This hasbeen accomplished however withoutthe effect of havoing reduced the- importance in other roles in order togive her astarring vehicle.(adv)A woman is a queer creature. Thoworse a husband is the more she willgive in to him, and the better he is 'the more she will nag him.Of course I may be a durned idiot.But the fact-that a man Is wearinga 39-pound watch chain never makes,me think he is any better than anyone else.When there are no clean, towels, in 'the house a man is helpless and hasto dry himself on his shirt 'or a handvvivujvi. iJui. a. nuuxctu v,u uinwjrSj,use a. pmuwsnp.F-"..-4r.jr--.t gU- u-Aa-4. .THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEBRUARY 24, 1914IdZffl4 jtS. .. .""C, LwA&s&3Af&0rwsr', r" ;HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADECLOVER SEED.We have highestgrade of Red Clover,Afsike, Alt alf a andTimothy Seed at rightnrices. See us beforeplacing your order.Chas. S. Brent & Bro.30-tf Phones 1 4.NEW FRESH MEAT DEPARTMENTWe can supply you with the choicest cuts of beef and freshest of meats,at all times, from our Fresh Meat De-Pa24-2t)t KELLER GROCERYSOiILANDPERSONA.HELD UP AND R0-3BED OF $70ALMOST INBROAD DAYLIGHTCOCYNTHIANA COUPLE AREMARRIED IN THIS CITY.Mr. Ora Manning and Miss VernaFrjor, both of Cynthiana, came toParis yesterday ana: after securingmarriage license were united in marnage by Judge C. A. McMilln, in hisri ate office in the court house.NEW FRESH MEAT DEPARTMENTWe can supply you with the choicest cuts of beef and the freshest ofmeats, at all times, from our FreshIeat Department.(.24-2t) KELLER GROCERY COMERCHANT INJURED WHENSTRUCK BY LINOLEUMMr. E. M. Wheeler, the well knownMain street furniture dealer, met witha painful accident a few days ago,vhen a large roll of linoleum fell onhim. The ligaments in his right legbelow the knee were broken loose,causing Mr. Wheeler a great deal ifsain, and he is still - confined to Tiishome.FORMER PARIS FRUIT DEALERTO AGAIN LOCATE HERETom Longo, who formerly conducted a fruit store in the Dow building,and who moved to Michigan fouryears ago, where he has been engagedin business, has returned to Paris,and has leased the Ki"ly building onMain street. Mr. Longo will on thefirst of March open a fruit and vegetable market at this stand.3UTLER RESIDENCE SOLDAT AUCTION FOR $4,000.The residence of the late J. D. Butler was sold at public outcry Saturdaymorning, and the purchaser was ason of Mr. Butler, Mr. Lan V. Butler.The price was $4,000. The place is avery desirable one, located on Mt.Mt, Airy Avenue, and containingabout one acre of land, a house ofnine rooms with modern improvements, good stable, etc.CHAPMAN CHOSEN TO MANAGEMAYSVILLE BASE BALL CLUBOllie Chapman, who was -a memberof the Paris baseball club during thelife of the Blue Grass League, was selected to manage the Maysville clubof the Ohio State League at a meetingheld in that city Friday night Chapman was McKernan's chief lieutenantwhen the latter was at the head ofthe Paris aggregation, and was one ofthe most consistent plyers on theteam. He knows the game and willdoubtless bring the Maysville club tonotice in the pennant race this year.He will report on April 15, when hehopes to bring together some goodplayers for his team.LENTEN SPECIALSRead this list of specials forthe Lenten season a:d phone us yourorder:Pickled Herring, White Fish, Milker Herring, Roll Mops, Salt Mackereland Fresh Salmon.(24-tf) T . C. LENIHANPARIS GIRLS DEFEAT HIGHSCHOOL GIRLS OF MAYSVILLEThe girlsJ)asket ball team of theParis Hieh School went to MaysvilleFridey night, where they defeated theHigh School girls of that city by ascore of 31 to 12. The game was easythe local girls, who took a good lead"n the opening half, and without greatdifficulty held their opponents safe.Two former members of the HighSchool team starred in the game between the girls of the University ofLouisville and the State Universityof Lexington. They were Misses OliveTaul and Elsie Heller, both of Paris,who are members of the State team.The score stood 20 to 19 in favor ofState University. Miss Taul is credited with putting up the best gameduring the contest.VICONSTRUCTION HANDS MUSTKEEP AWAY FROM PARISMr. and Mrs. B. A. Frank returned Saturday from New York.Mr. and Mrs. W. Ed. Tucker returned Friday from New York.Mr. William Howard, of Nepton,was a visitor in Paris yesterday.Miss Louie Bruer was the guestlast week of Mrs. J. C. Ellis, in Winchester. Mrs. Myra Locknane, of Winchesterhas been visiting in Paris the pastweek.Mrs. E. F. Elkin and little daughter have moved to Cincinnati, wherethey will reside.Mrs. Sidney G. Clay visited herdaughter, Miss Alice Rogers Clay, inCincinnati, Saturday.Miss Hettie Whaley, of this city,is the guest of her sister, Mrs. Hoffman Wood, in Mt. Sterling.Miss Bettie Barrow," who has beenthe guest of Paris frieuds, has returned to her home in Lexington.Miss Corinne Collins returnedyesterday after a visit of severalweeks with friends -in Detroit.Mrs. Rosa Payne, of Sayre College, Lexington, has been the guest ofMrs. W. T. Brooks, on Pleasant street.Miss Marie Scudder, of -Chicago,arrived last night for a visit to Mr.and "Mrs. W. H. Harris, on Vine street.Mrs. W. E. Simms, of this city,is with her sister, lTrs. Dovie Anderson, at the St. Joseph Hospital, inLexington.Mr. Sello Wollstein, who has beenquite ill with pneumonia at the homeof his parents, Mr. and Mrs. L. Wollstein, is improving.Miss Carolyn Roseberry, who hasbeen visiting her cousin, Miss Elizabeth Whitridge, in Baltimore, Md.,has returned home.Miss Josephine Hayden is in Louisville, visiting her aunt, Mrs. Mary B.Craig. She attendede the Paderewski concert in 'that vity last night.Mr. and'Mrs. W. B. Ardery andchildren were the guests Saturdayand Sunday of Mrs. Ardery's parents,Rev. and Mrs. I. J. Spencer, in Lexington. Miss Daisy Hazelrigg and MissMcCullough, of Louisville, who havebeen the guests of Mrs. W. R. Scott,on South Main street, have returnedhome.Brigadier-General and Mrs. LouisMussinon entertained about twentyfive friends at "Five Hundred" attheir hornet on South Main street, Friday evening.Messrs. John Wiggins and William Lynch left Thursday for New Orleans to attend the Mardi Gras, andwill go from there to South Americafor a short trip.Mr. and Mrs. George Wilder andon, Master Ussery Wilder, returnedSaturday after a delightful tripthrough the South, during which timethey attended the Mardi Gras in NewOruleans.Mr. Harry Stivers, son of Mr. andMrs. Sherman Stivers, of Lexington,formerly of Paris, who was operatedon at St. Joseph Hospital, in Lexington, for appendicitis, was dischargedfrmo that -institution Saturday.The Paris German Club will entprtain with the third of a series ofdances at the Elks' Hall tonight, andthe affair promises to be the mostnotable of the social season. The german will be led by Mr. and Mrs. Edward Prichard. Thomas' SaxaphoneTrio, o fLexington, will furnish themusic.Mrs. George Stuart entertainedwith a six-hand euchre party Fridayafternoon at her home on Mt. Airyavenue. The guests were servedwith a delicious luncheon and thegames were enjoyed z six tables. Theprize for the highest score, a brassfern dish, was awarded to Mrs. J. W.Bacon, and the lone hand prize waswon by Miss Mamie Holladay, andwas a wicker flower holder. The party was one of the prettiest of theweek, and was thoroughly enjoyed bythe guests.John Pindell, a Louisville & Nashville employe, was held up Saturdayevening .about 6:00 o'clock on SouthMain street by two negroes who relieved him of $70. The matter wasreported to the police and a thoroughsearch was made for the men guilty oftne noia-up, but 'without result.According to the story of Pindell,who resides on Nineteenth street, hewas coming down street to pay somene passed a dark place a negro, hesad, stepped out and grabbed him bytne arm, while another presented a revolver in his face and demanded hismoney. sThe money was handed over withsome hesitancy, but not until one ofthe men threatened to kill him if hedid not accede o their demands. Hewas then threatened with death if hemade any effort to inform the policeuntil they had escaped. They thenwent in the direction or the Louisville& Nashville railroad yards and weresoon lost to view.In a few minutes after the robberyhad been committed Chief of PoliceLink and Patrolman King went to thescene of the crime and made a thorough search, but without finding aclue that would lead to the apprehension of the guilty parties. Until midnight Saturday all the outgoingfreight trains were searched in thehope of landing the men, who it wasthought might try to escape in thatmanner. Pindell declares that hewould know both men if he should seethem again. One negro who was arrested on suspicion, and who had alarge revolver and $40 on his person,proved not to be one of the men wanted. He was held on a concealedweapon charge.Life sometimes becomes so monotonous to a married voman that shewill brag about a husband who chewstobacco in bed and drinks a bottle ofbeer lor his breakfast.If some of the female angels can'tplay the harp any better than theyplay the piano, Heaven isn't going tobe such a fine plae after all. .Do not holler because you are poor.A charity patient never gets a disease that has a six syllable name andof his accounts with the money. AsJJ'eqllires tour specialists and live as-y,a i sistauta lu iuuu.Lt; wiui caxving ivuivea.Mrs. J. H. Fuhrman'sMassage andCucumber CreamOn Sale atVarden's Drug StoreMARCH 1 WILL RINGOUT MANY MOVERSWith the first of March rapidly approaching, the streets and countyroads will soon be filled with wagonsandvans moving the personal effectsof Hmidreds of tenants and othersseeking new homes. Many Bourbonfarms have changed ownership duringthe fall and winter, possession to begiven the purchasers March 1, consequently these land owners, as wellas a large number of tobacco tenants,with a desire to improve their prospects, will be moving in every direction before time to sow tobacco beds,prepare for spring plowing, and themany other kinds of work that mustbe done early this season.There are a whole lot of standardsfor the word "gentlemen." NBut theman who refuses to discuss women orreligion in a saloon comes as near themark as anybody.Hard work won't hurt you. The onenight you spend roaming aroung killing a Chinaman will do you moreharm than six months of real labor.For Rent.F "The-sled that steers"k JNfet. GM2n-1 rn 9Hk. j"& " "2jV -lZB-BTT IT ij Vm MMMTj i jp sEveiyiRacSledding timeAs hereThe healthy winter sportof sledding gives vim, vigorand rich sd blood to boy or girl.But to fully cr.jcy the fun ofwhizzing over the snow and thethrill of coasting you must have awhite goods in all the newest and prettiest'weaves.TGpmbroidered crepes and voiles for the dainty--r4. blouses.Dress goods, the high novelties as well as thestaples.Trimmings, everything that's new we alwayshave it.Unrinkable dress linens; think of it! A newfeature in linens.Vepes and crepe de chines; the leading materials;v-y for the coming season.Kimona satine entirely new; lookslike silk.Embroideries; large stock ready for yourSpring and Summer needs.Ratines in solid colors, brocades andplaids.W. Ed Tucker.,Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.texsmeThe only sled tvilh grdot'ecf runners!We have a ccnipn-te ji.ieol nev -93models. Before jou buy a sled let ussho'v jou the many superior adranuijjcj tu iue jTicxiiic jtjzr.TRADEMARK.Unfurnished room, with bath for rent.Between Ninth and Tenth streets, onHigh. Cumberland phone 598. 17-3t(17-31)Notice!iLook for VfSJvfekthis -SChcSBaughertyBros.H '111IIIHi jgi mH B-or i 1m2jiix SBPWm'i w vmTTfc A&bp""IiU (,V,U IUtuit yuan i j up;We sell what is good, and ask you tobuy our shoes because they are good.It isn't price that sells our shoes, forshoes can be made to sell at any price.It's Goodness, Merit,, Worth andValue That Sell Them.The same applies to our Children's Shoes.Children are hard on shoes, but most ofthe trouble lies in- poor shoes and poorshoe making. Our shoes are good, andare made by the best of shoe makers.Give us a call and be convinced.Geo. Mc Williams,rPhones 301The Shoe ManrLORETTA HINTON CARTERDIES AFTER BRIEF ILLNESS.The appearance of a negro with awell-developed case of small-pox onthe street here Friday night arousedthe officials to prevent a recurrenceof the conditions which prevailedhere several weeks cgo.As a precaution all of the. negroesin the railroad construction campsaround this city have been orderedout of town by the police, and officershave been instructed by Chief of Police Link to arrest any who may appear on the streets, and enter a.charge of loitering against them.Most of the men employed at theconstruction camps are Alabama negroes, and the small-pox which appeared here several weeks ago hasbeen traced to them. The officersthink by keeping this class within thelimits of their camp- tney can preventa spread of the disease inti the city.Thev negro offlicted with ,the diseasewas taken to the pest "house,.After an illness of about ten daysLittle Loretta Hinton Carter, agedfour years, the brigiit and attractivedaughter of Mr. and Mrs. O. P. Carter, Jr., died at the home of her parents, in East Paris, yesterday morningabout 8:30 o'clock. Death was due toureamic poisoning.The "child, who was the second ofthe houshold, became ill several daysago, but her condition was not tnougntto be of a serious nature until Sunday afternoon when it assumed a critical stage. Everything known to medical science was done to prolong thelittlelife, and four physicians werecalled in attendance Sunday, devotedevery effort to stay the hand of deathbut without result.The little girl was one of the mostattractive in the city and for one ofher years was exceedingly bright. Shewas the idol of her parents, a favorite with the neighbors and playmates.The deepest sympathy is extended to the bereaveo. ' parents in thistheir darkest hour.The funeral services will be held atthe residence Wednesday afternoon at3 o'clock and will De conducted byRev. W. E. Ellis. Burial in the Pariscemetery. The ball-bearers will beJoseph Varden, Jas. B. Wilson, JohnLeer and Clark Leer.Notice is hereby given thatW. 0. Hinton, E. T. Hinton andAlbert Hinton have taken overas of January 1, 1914, the Housefurnishing and Undertaking business heretofore conducted bythe undersigned and that thesaid parties will 'hereafter conduct and operate said businessunder the name and style of'The' J. T. Hinton Company."In surrendering said business,including its assets and goodwill, to the aforementioned parties the undersigned gives noticethat he is no longer an ownertherein.J. T. HINTON.THE J. T. HINTON CO.Have You Been to the Bed Rock Cash Sale? I- WE WANT HLL, PAR OR NEAR, TO REAP THEBENEPIT OF THISBIG SLAUGHTER OF PRICES!LOOKING AT EGGSTHROUGH AKNOT HOLE.In the current issue of Farm andFireside a contributor tells, as follows, how he candles his eggs:"A knot hole a little over one Inchin diameter in the sunny side of ourbarn serves as a very satisfactory eggtester for duck, geese and hen eggs.With the doors closed and the windows blinded the room is quite dark,and by placing the egg close to vtheopening when the sun is shiningbrightly I am able to determine, afterfive days of, incubation, the fertilefrom theUnfertile." ' .MARKET HOUSE-8th and MainNO CREDIT,NO DELIVERY,NO PHONES.Vogel's Breakfast Bacon,Sliced 25c per lb.By the Piece 23c per lb.VOGEL'S LARD31b. bucket .$ .4251b. bucket TO101b. bucket 1 .40M. J. .Heller& Co.Everything goes in this sale, and that means that you can pick -from the most complete line ofHOUSE FURNISHINGSin -Central Kentucky. We want you to come. WE WANT YOU TO SEE FOR YOURSELF JUST WHAT WE ARE OFFERING YOU. We have not selected a few catchyarticles an4 marked them very low as a catchpenny trap, but EVERYTHING goes in ttiis sale.At the exceedingly and astonishingly low prices we have marked our "stock we cannot affordto charge these goods, so please do not ask to have it done. BUT we will, upon payment foranything you may select, hold same until you wish delivery made.We Feel Sure-You Have Never Had the Same' Opportunity to BuyHousefurnishings at Such Unusually Low Prices. .The way the goods are already being bought proves that the prices are right,sooner you come the better you will be served, although new goods are arriving daily.ThevWe Want to Make This an Eventful Event!IFIBRE MATTINGSBed Hocked from 45 cents to.25c6 OAK DINING CHAIRS.Bed Rocked from $18.00 to.Sl2.7SROCKING CHAIRSBed Rocked from t5.75 to $3.98SEAMLESS 9X12 BRUSSELS RUGS Bed Rocked to.$11.90WHITE CURTAIN GOODSBed Rocked from 55c to 30c per yd-IRON BEDSFull size. Bed Rocked as low as$f .48BRASS BEDSBed Rocked from $22.50 to $15.9 OSEAMLESS 9X12 CHENILLEAXMINSTER RUGSBed Rocked from $35.00 to $23.75THE J. T. HINTON COMPANY. .Paris, KentuckyiIVfyyXv-Af,C6,THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KY FEBRUARY 24, 1941IImiff fas' loEH.m m jjKfiO JTm jnnjf M "lrC .wSr Feel It Heal;WF 'TWienoirswa7owi)r. Be'sV PJne-Tsr-Honey you can feel It Lm heal. It soothes acd smoothes the m.raw .spots"--says Granny Metcalfe, m11iats Granny's way of saying it, alterS elghty-nlno years of experience. Can yousay It better? Can the most learned say ItS ats well? Granny knows, and, she knows HS sbe knows.fl A picture of both Granny and the IBell are on every GENUINE bottle of.I Dr. Bell's II PINE-TAR-HONEY IaCents. 50 Cents. $1.00 I1 "Tell By The Bell" I'AhhhhbhhbhhhbhbhhhhhhhbFor Sale by All Druggists.Well, fellows, the bustle has comehack. I saw a picture of the new"Summer style in a recent Frenchlashion paper. But it isn't anythinglike what they wore in the eighties.It's a dingus that hangs from the rearof, the skirt and it isn't big enoughto help her any if she happened toBit down hard.THE BEST COUGH MEDICINE"I've used Chamberlain's CoughRemedy ever since I have been keeping house," says L. C. Hames, of Mar"bury, Ala. "I consider it one of thebest remedies I have ever used. Mychildren have all taken it and itworks like a charm. For colds and-whooping cough it is excellent." "Forsale by all dealers.fFeb) adv)Wofo Oil?No doubt you are, ifyou suffer from any of thenumerous ailments towhich ail women are subject Headache, backache, sideache, nervousness, weak, tired feeling,are some of the symptoms, and you must ridyourself of uiem in orderto feel well. Thousandsof women, who havebeen benefited by thisremedy, urge you toTAKEBe Woman's TorIdMrs. Sylvania Woods,of Clifton Mills, KyM says:"Before taking Ca r d u i ,I was, at times, so weak Icould hardly walk, andthe pain in my back andhead nearly killed me.After taking three bottlesof Cardui, the pains disappeared. Now I feel aswell as I ever did. Everysuffering woman shouldtry Cardui." ' Getabottletoday. E-68CardsiiA TelephoneEvery FarmerDo YOU want one ?We will tell you how to get it at small costFill out and return this coupon today.vCUMBERLAND TEL. & TEL. CO.INCORPORATED.Please send me your free booklet describing your plan for farmers'telephone service at small cost.Name.,R. E. D. No.Town andAddressFARMERS' LINECumberland Telephone: and Telegraph CompanyINCORPORATED.122 SOUTH PRYOR STREET, ATLANTA, GEORGIA.FINDS RELATIVESAFTER A LONG SEARCHMrs. Lillian Davis, of New Orleans,wife of J. F. Davis, southern, managerfor the J. W. Dowde Machine KnifeWorks, who is now visiting her greataunt, Mrs. B. M. Batson, in Winchester, will soon meet for the first timeseveral of her half-brothers and sisters. Mrs. Davis, although forty-sevenyears of age, and knowing that herrelatives were alive, has never seenthem.Mrs. Davis attributes the discoveryof the whereabouts oi her half-brothersand sisters to the insertion of asmall advertisement in a local paperat Cumberland Gap, Tenn. She hasbeen searching, inquiring and writingin regard to lost relatives for manyyears. She will go first to see her halfbrother, William Hall, of Millville,near Frankfort. From there she willgo to Philadelphia, where her halfsister, Mrs. Rachael Wolff, is living.Mrs. Wolff is a wealthy and prominent woman of the Quaker City, andher daughter was recently marriedto a nobleman of Austria-Hungary.Six of the fourteen brothers are nowliving, four of whom Mrs. Davis haslocated.The old-fashioned tads who used tostay home of nights and play dominoes and checkers may have misseda lot of fun, but they seldom sufferedfrom locomotor ataxia.SLOAN'S LINIMENT THEKING OF REMEDIES"If I had only thought of it at thetime! When baby bruised her head;when Buster was stung by wasps;when little Mary pinched her hand inthe door; when father fell off thestep-ladder and sprained his foot;when mother had a stitch in herneck; or when grandfather had a sudden attack of rheumatism, I couldhave done something." Did accidentsever happen in your household whenyou could have done a dozen differentthings if you had thought of them atthe time? You can be ready for anyof these emergencies by keeping abottle of Sloan's Liniment on a convenient shelf. It is so antiseptic, socomforting to a Sore spot, so penetrating to an aching joint that it relieves the suffering while you are trying to think up that forgotten "something to do." Get a botle today.25c. and 50c. All druggiss. Sloan'sLiniment kills pain. (adv)It is none of my business, but whydo they put about $100 worth of lightning rods on a church.YOU WILL BE PLEASEDThe grocers are selling ButterWheat. You will be pleased if youtry it.FIVE MINUTE CUREIF STOMACH IS BAD'Pape's Diapepsin" is Quickest,Surest Indigestion Cure KnownYou don't want a slow remedy whenyour stomach is bat: or an uncertainone or a harmful one your stomachis too valuable; you mustnt injureit vWith drastic drugs.Pape's Diapepsin is noted for itsspeed in giving relief; its harmlessness; its certain unfailing action inregulating sick, sour, gassy stomachs.Its millions of cures in indigestion,dyspepsia, gastritis and other stomach trouble has made it famous theworld over.Keep this perfect stomach doctor inyour home keep it handy get alarge fifty-cent case from any drugstore and then if anyone should eatsomething which doesn't agree withthem; if what they eat lays like leadand fermentsand sours and formsgas; causes headache, dizziness andnausea; eructations oi acid and undigested food remember as soon asPape's Diapepsin comes in contactwith the stomach all such distressvanished. Its promptness, certaintyand ease in overcoming the worststomach disorders is a revelation tothose who try it. (adv)State.DEPARTMENTforREMARKABLE RECORD OFPRESIDENT WILSON.He Has Won Thirty-One Big VictoriesWithin the Past Ten Months.A compilation of what has been accomplished since Mr. Wilson assumedoffice on March 4 was made and issued by the Democratic NationalCommittee. ' Under the heading,"Performances," these thirty-oneitems for achievement are stated:"For the first time in a generationthe enactment of a tariff law inwhich no special interest or lobby hadany hand."The enactment of a currency reform act which meets the enthusiastic approval of citizens of all classes."Ttfie elimination of the lobby fromthe halls of Congress and the seat ofgovernment."The perfection and operation ofthe first two amendments to the Constitution since 1870, namely, the imposition of an income tax, and providing for the election of Senators bythe people. ."The peace program of SecretaryBryan, for the sole purpose of divesting political conflicts of their inflamable character."By his action in appearing at theCapitol and addressing Congress inperson, ending government by secretconferences and private arrangement. "The action of the President inbringing together representatives ofcapitol and labor, resulting in theprompt passage of the employers' arbitration act."The President's' 'constitution ofpeace' policy, resulting in voluntarybreaking of interlocking directorates."The action of the Secretary of theTreasury in depositing $50,000,000 ofcrop moving funds in the West andSouth."The President's forcing on the attention of the country the necessityfor a system of farm credits."The granting of modified self-governmentto the Filipinos."The divorcement of the government from affiliations with the NewYork financial interests that wereparties to the six-power loan toChina."The elimination of the TelephoneTrust's control of the Western UnionTelegraph Company. '"The policy of 'diplomatic postponement," which has prevented precipitate action in disputes with GreatBritain, Japan and rIexico."The action of the Postmaster General in making the postal service selfsustaining. "The development of the parcel postsystem."The change in the rules whichbrought an end to Gannon methods."Extension of the pure food act tomeat inspection."The inauguration by the Department of Agriculture of a system ofmarkets."The action of the Secretary of theNavy, in forcing the Armor PlateTrust to submit bids in competitionfor armor jlate and iron and steel."The action of the Commissioner ofIndian Affairs in giving the protection of the law to Indian children."An extension of the special delivery system by the lyosmaster Generalto the parcel post."The action of the Secretary of Agriculture in extending the work ofthat department to the home life ofthe farmer."As the result of prosecution under the anti-trust laws, this administration has brought about a dissolution of the Union Pacific and SouthernPacific merger, and caused the surrender by the Pennsylvania railroad ofi large holdings in the Baltimore &Ohio."The action of tht, President in emphasizing the necessity of a primarysystem for the selection of nomineesfor the Presidency."The action of the administration insending representatives to the International Congress hi London, for thebetter protection and safety of passengers and propertf at sea."The early enactment of the Alaskan railway bill, already passed bythe Senate."The action of the Secretary of theNavy in putting into effect a systemof academic, vocational and technicalinstruction for enlisted men."me prosecution of a number ofcombinations, resulting in adjustingainerences and bringing their businesses within the law."The desire for authority is very frequently as misleading as the smallboy's hope that he will grow up to bea policeman so that he can arrest theteacher.ONER0POf BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops in thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon ftemedy Co. Lexington, Xy.For Sale by W. T. Brooks' ii. mi, ,Admiflistraior's Sale.As administrator of the estate of thelate C. R. James I will offer at publicsale at the court house door in Paris,Ky., about the .hour of 11 o'clock, a!m., onSATURDAY, F6ERUARY 28, 1914the following:100 shares Central Kentucky Oil Co. 'siock;1 share Bourbon County Agricultural Society stock;1 share Cincinnati Gtun Club stock:$765.98 in old accounts;$926.45 in old notes;TERMS Cash.C. K. THOMAS,(13-20-27) HVdm'r. C..R.;Jamesxtsa0DtLUKE McLUKE SAYS.' (Cincinnati Enquirer.)Anyway, a girl would rather haveher stockings well filled and JiaveJacob's ladders in them than havethin props and have her hosiery lastlonger.Why is it that a man who has awell-formed wife always wants tochase a woman with a shape like ahot water bottle just because she issome other man's wife?What has become of the old-fashionedman who always carried apocket full of brass bar checks?It pays to behave. If your sins donot find you out your wife will.NEWS' SPECIAL 30 DAY RATEWITH THE LOUISVILLE POSTFor the next thirty days the Newswill offer to the people of this sectionthe Louisvlle Evening Post, the Farmand Home and this publication forone for $3.75. This extremely lowprice will be in force only for thetime specified above. The EveningPost, which is one of the best independent daily newspapers in theSouth, has a regular subscriptionprice of $3.00 per year, the Farm andHome 50 cents, and the BourbonNews $2.00 per year, making thecost of the three papers at the regular price $6.00. The early subscriberwill be given the benefit of $2.75. Inmaking this clubbing rate it is understood that the subscription to thePost will be sent by mail, and in nocase delivered to the subscribers bythe city carrier. All subscriptionsmust be sent toTHE BOURBON NEWS,Paris, Kentucky.TIPS FROM JEXAS.(Dallas News)Our idea of a merchant prince isone who knows how to interest 60per cent, of buyers without offending40 per cent, of shoppers.Give a woman a nice new coat anda neat little cold Siiap and you justsimply can't keep her at home all day.One of the surest things in thisworm is mat a mcKy guesser is goingto get a reputation for sound judg-menL.DON'T YOU BELIEVE ITSome say that chronic constipationXmLr?S,T d'nSyit; yZ bell6VeChamberlains Tablets have curedothers why not you? Give them atrial.They cost only a quarter. Forisale by all dealers.(Feb)(adv)31 i-iikFi3LmFebruary llow mvm tsip faresTickets on Sale February 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22 and 23.with extension of limit to March 23, 1914, on payment of $1.00.ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.HCNr.icci5 any Tffit, Ag?nt Queen & Crescent Route, or apply toH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent. 101 E.Alain Street. Uxffion, Xy.When Your Blood is RighilYour Whole System is Right. fIf You Have any Blood, or Skin Diseases DO NOT DELAYUntil it is too late, but order: TheHotAComplcteand Positive Remedy TorSYPHILIS, ECZEMA, ERYSIPELAS,ACNE, MALARIA, RHEUMATISMand all other forms of Blood and Skin Diseases.Hot Springs Physicians pronounce this the Greatest Bloodon the Market.F"" Course Treatment Six Bottles, $18.00. ,vSingle Bottle, $5.00.We Prepare a Remedy For Every Disease.Our Treatment of Female Ills is the "Greatest of itsKind Ever Offered to Suffering Women.Write us your troubles. All correspondence strictly confidentialHot Springs Medical tympany803 1-2;afterSICKNESS,. OR1OPERATI0It is a pathetic mistakezo accept arugs ur uicu- iK-holic mixtures when naturecraves nourishment to repairthe wasted body and restorethe vigor of health.For forty years the best physicians have relied on the wholesome predigested nourishmentin Scott's Emulsitn whichis totallyfree from alcohol or opiates.Scott's Emulsion sharpensthe appetite renews blood-nourishes nerves strengthensbones and restores the courageof health to make life bright.3 Scott's Emulsion sets in actionthe very forces that promote health;it is pure, ncn surengin. 9 13-soImagination is a powerful and apleasant influence. Every man cherishes the belief that all the telephoneyoung women who say "Hello!" tohim in an affable tone are probablybeauties.CALENDARS FOR 1915.We have made arrangements withthe Hayes Lithographing Co., of Buffalo, N. Y., to act as their aeents inBourbon County. 'We have now readyfor display one of the handsomestlines of Calendars for 1915 that youavny com WTn nn nn.. .. . 1 ,.i ,. wo wu Bu.vtj you at least20 per cent on your orders. Don'tgive them to a traveling agent come' our lino Th -hwdo rn ,-the largest in the rld d theirwork is exquisite. Let us have your'order and save von Rn rnm, Jat the same tim mn.k mtioI - -- V M MWAW JArfWfor ourselves.(tf)BOURBON NEWS.R1U15JWHJN FSOLIG FESTIVITYr nr atm hm- 249 1914TO-DAY!SpringsCentral; Avenue, nIIo Springs, Ark..ftftf ft:ru ntttMOMMMililbnfcklT relievaa "Rhanmatlsa. Sore 2i.ua-f blOS, USUIUlglB, JJBI,aaiIIO w..w wan i11 TIn. Ynnr mnnpv back if it fulls to re.jhl MAn..lnl. RnMVnnKtt Y? OH rf a f tl b B t9liaye any acne in any part oi iuo mmjfifteen minutes time.Free Maple &sd clrenUr Mat oajeqaeit.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY.342 East Main St., Lexington. Ky.For Sale By W. T. BrooksNewBarberShopWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDINSURANCEAGAINSTf IRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINTON,AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, seeme.Special Rates &' Excursions.Round trip Winter Tourists to allprincipal winter resorts in Alabama,Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina and Havana,Cuba, on sale daily Oct 1, 1913, untilApril 30, 1914, with final limit May 31,1914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas and New Mexico, on saledaily Nov. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914,with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberalstopovers allowed on all winter tourist tickets. Also low round tripHomeseekers' tickets to points in Alabma, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi,on sale first and third Tuesdays ineach month, final limit 25 days fromdate of sale. Stop-overs allowed inj Homeseekers' territory. For furtherinformation call on or addressW. H. HARRIS, Agent.T. K. SPdITH, T. A.Remand Skin Remedy ever pcedi- - -wrf , .1..WJ.1. Itrj, .,AVfrqtx-Ht1 HE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEBRUARY 24, 1914LamenessSloan's Liniment is a quickand reliable remedy for lameness in horses and other farmanimals."Sloan's Liniment surpasses anything on earth, for lameness in horsesand other horse ailments. I wouldnot sleep without it in my stable."MAKTrs- Doyle,432 West 19th St., New York City.Good for Swelling and Abscess.LIE. II. 3L Gibbs, of Lawrence, Kan.,R. F. D., No. 3, writes: " I had a marewith an abscess on her neck and onerOc. bottle of Sloan's Liniment entirelycured her. I keep it all the time forgalls and small swellings and for everything about the stock." -SLOANSLINIMENTis a quick and safe remedyfor hog cholera.Governor of Georgia usesSloan's Liniment for Hog Cholera." I heard Gov. Brown (who Is quite afarmer) say that he had never lost ahog from cholera and that his remedyalways was a tablespoonf ul of Sloan'sLiniment in a gallon of slops, decreasing the dose as the animal improved.Last mouth Gov. Brown and myselfwere at the Agricultural Collegebuilding and in the discussion of theravages of the disease, Gov. Browngave the remedy named as unfailing."" Observer."SavA2jnah Daily News.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics is&&n&A soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, anal thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxtoa Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.jf the Lamp Oil thatW Saves EyesNothing is more important in thehome tnan clear, steady light. Insurethis by Retting the oil that burnsclear and rlean without a flickerdown to ttie la4 drop. Pennsylvaniacmde il refined to perfection.Oot? no Tnora' than the Inferiortnl;wason oils saves MONEY savesWRK Paves eves.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Ciias. 0. StoH Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carh"Auto OiLS3S3XSaEffi&3SPILES! PILESIWILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMET"Will cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching PiiIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacts as a- poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by aU druggists, mail 50c and St"WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, (ML.' Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.SOverBusiness Men's Barber Shop,Jg'(Nexfc to Bourbon Bank) J3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pal-V l UIKlt JURVKVUlrB At All Dealers. 25c.,50c.&S1.00.H Sloan's Boot on Horses, Cattle, HBogs and Poultry sent free.Address Dr. Earl S. Sloan, Boston. Iivi 'orifc "na ja .it.ri i hivjv jhvi j!1fHS2&29HNIC3U&!PILESICurtisbyGeneral News.EL PASO, Feb. 19 Maximo Castillo, the Mexican bandit charged withresponsibility for the Cumbre tunneldisaster, in which ten Americans andforty-one others-lost their lives, wascaptured thirty-eight miles south ofHachita, N. M., Tuescay, by AmericantropsWith the bandit were six of his followers. According to the dispatchfrom Captain White, they surrendered without a fight. They will bebrought here.Castillo, to avoid a range of mountains on the Mexican side, made a detour which brought nim on the American side. Captain White was on thewatch, having received informationyesterday from Walter McCormick,American manager of the Las Palomas ranch, on the Mexican side,that the much-wanted man was in thevicinity.Captain White telegraphed by armywireless to General Scott for instructions, and was ordered to arrest thebandit should he put foot on American soil.Whether the prisoner shall be surrendered to the rebels is a legalquestion which remains to be-settled.If this is done there is no doubt hewill be executed for the Cumbre disaster. He is not charged with anycrime on this side.OKLAHOMA CITY, Okla., Feb. 19United States Senator Thomas PryorGore late yesterday was exonoratedof charges of improper conduct by averdict in his favor rendered in district court here in the suit for $50,000damages instituted by Mrs. MinnieBond, of Oklahoma City.The verdict was returned ten minutes after the case was given to thejury. Only one ballot was taken."We find," the jury stated, "the evidence submitted by the plaintiff entirely insufficient upon which to basea suit and that said evidence exonerates the defendantIn his answer Senator Gore deniedthe charges and in a counter suit alleged the suit was instigated by political opponents. Testifying in hisown defense Senator Gore characterized the allegations as "infamouslies" and asserted that at an opportune moment Robertson and Fitzpatrick, two of Mrs. Bond's witnesses,appeared in the room.When she is thirteen she wants herskirts longer. When she is twentyshe starts making them shorter.WEATHER BUREAU TO PREPAREFOR OPENING OF PANAMA CANALIn order to protect the shippingthat will use the Panama Canal, theWeather Bureau of the Departmentof Agriculture has asxed for authority to extend its weather service tothe Caribbean Sea so as to obtaincomplete metorological reports from16 stations. In the belief that thiswhole region will become a greathighway for vessels Iter the openingof the canal, the "WJeather Bureauwishes to restore certain features ofthe comprehensive weather serviceestablished throughout the West Indies at the time of the Spanish Warin the interest of the fleets and transports. One of the new stdtions would be afully equipped station of the WeatherBureau similar to those within theUnited States, and located in theCanal Zone itself. Substations wouldbe maintained at appropriate pointsalong the canal for use in the properdissimination of Weather Bureau information. Each station would maketwo observations a day, at 8 a. m. andS p. m. In addition to the land station the Weather Bureau wishes, alsoto provide for the exiension of marinereports by wireless from vessels plying the waters of this region, so as toprovide the safest possible information covering the entire CaribbeanSea.The weather observations in theCaribbean Sea, it is believed, will beof special service in connection withthe varous storm warnings nowcom-municated through the station signalsand by wireless to all shippers in theWestern Atlantic and the Gulf district. In these storm warnings willbe used special reports from the entire West Indies.The Wieather Bureau has also asked to be allowed to continue as a regular feature the seismological observations now being made by the WarDepartment to supply information asto earth movements likely to affectcanal construction. The Bureau believes that maintenance of these observations is of great importance andhas asked authority of Congress tomake seismological observations inthe Canal Zone a regular part of itswork.iGtasvmr ittmg !J Plumbing and Eiecri-cal Work in AlltTheir BranchesStoves, Rangesand Appliances.:f Spicer &Gilchrist,Elks' BuildingI E.E. Phone, 103t Home Phone, 101INews Overthe State 44Marshal Serves Jail SentenceJackson T. C. ("Tomcat") Davidson has resumed his duties as CityMarshal after being off duty for tendays while serving a sentence in jailfor carrying concealed weapons. Theoffense was committed last year, andDavidson was indicted by the grandjury and fined $25 and costs and tendays in jail. The fine was immediately paid, and a petition to the Governor was signed by a great manycitizens, but was never presented.Decision ReversedFrankfort Reversing the judgmentDf the Whitley Circuit Court in thecase of Thomas Bowling, etc., againstMrs. Lewis Archer, the AppellateCourt ordered a new trial. In thiscase Bowling killed Lewis Archer inTennessee just over the line fromKentucky, in the town of Jellico.Archer had been arrested by TomBowling, and conspiracy was charged.The Court held that Bowling had theright to arrest Archer in Kentucky,and Archer pulled Bowling into Tennessee as the arrest was made closeto the line. In such a case it is heldtht the general rule of pursuit doesnot control.Slide Ties Up TrafficCarlisle A big slide of earth andstone covered the frack in a cut nearCowan Station, on the local branch ofthe Louisville & Nashville railroad,and tied up traffic for several hours.The slide was caused by the heavyrains.Fire in FayetteLexington Fire of unknown origindestroyed the general store of PerryHazelwood, south of Athens, thiscounty, entailing a loss of ?4,000; insurance $2,000.Declines Offer on Prison BoardMorehead Mrs. Cora Wilson Stewart, to whom the Board of PrisonCommisiners tendered the position ofassistant superintendent of the StateReform School, has notified the boardthat she cannot accept the position,stating she had consecrated herselfto the work among adult illiterates,who she conceives have greater needof her services, and that she cannotconscientiously abandon the work.Shehas declined numerous positions bothin Kentucky and other States duringthe last few years in order to give herattention to this problem, which shesays is one of the most important ofState and National problems.Child Seriously BurnedCrlisle Clarence B. Waugh, littleson of Geonre Wwieh. a Ninhninccounty farmer, is reported to be in avery critical condition from burnsabout the face and body. The littlefellow's clothing caught fire from aj grate recently.To Better Pulaski RoadsSomerset County Judge RobertJasper has called a special election tobe held on April 17 for the purpose ofvoting on a bond issue of ?300,000 tobuild pikes in Pulaski county. Thequestion has been agitated for sometime and the County Judge upon entering office went on record as favoring it.. The members of the FiscalCourt are for it also, it is said. Thecommissioners to handle the moneyand supervise the construction willbe elected at the same time.Smooth PavementVersailles The City Council isworking on a plan to have Main streetpaved with vitrified brick or asphaltfor a distance of three blocks in thebusiness center, from Broadway onthe north to Morgan street on thesouth, the expense to be borne onethird by the city and two-thirds by theproperty-owners on these streets. Theapproximate cost, it isv believed, willbe between $20,000 and $25,000.Never Arrive at CollegeLaporte, Ind. George Badis, wholeft his home in Bardwell, Ky., fiveweeks ago to attend college at Valparaiso, who has been missing for fiveweeks and his mother, who asked theaid of the Valparaiso police in findinghim, fears he has been foully dealtwith. The boy's trunk arrived at thecollege, but persistent search hasfailed to find any trace of the youngman, and his mother is nearly crazedwith anxiety.Badis left home with considerablemoney in his possession, and thiscauses the authorities to fear thatmurder may have been committed.Some of these days a good listeneris going to get into politics and hispopularity will show up the goodtalkers.If some of- the Princesses couldcook as well as they can Tango therewouldn't be so many divorces in 1916.Some of the 'girls .re afraid youwon't know how they are built, sothey have taken a reef in the skirtright below the sitting down place.Well, if they can stand it, we can.NOTICE FROM HEALTH BOARD.Physicians and heads of familiesare respectfully referred to Section2060 of the Kentucky Statutes, whichprovides as follows:"Section 2060 Anyphysician or head of a family whoshall fail or refuse to report to thelocal Board of Health in cases ofcholera, smallpox, yellow fever, scarlet fever, diphtheria and other epidemic diseases, as provided for in Section 2055 of the act mentioned inthe title of this act, shall be fined notless than five dollars for each dayhe neglects or refuses to report.(Section as amended by Act of March3, 1894)Please take due notice and governyourselves accordingly.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By order of Board of Health.Paris, Ky., Jan. 15, 1914."(16 jan-tf)r -..' . . vV-iWOMAN WOULDNOT GIVE UPThough Sick and Suffering; AtLast Found Help in LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.Richmond, Fa. " When I startedtaking Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound Iwas in adreadfully rundownstate of health,had internal troubles, and was so extremely nervous and,prostrated that if Ihad given in to myfeelings I wouldhave been in bed.As it was I hadhardly strength attimes to be on myfeet and what I did do was by a greateffort. I could not sleep at night andof course felt very bad in thp morning,and had a steady headache."After taking the second bottle I noticed that the headache was not so bad,I rested better, and my nerves werestronger. I continued its use until itmade a new woman of me, and now Ican hardly realize that I am able to doso much as I do. Whenever I know anywoman in need of a good medicine Ihighly praise Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound." Mrs. FrankClark, 3146 N. Tulip St., Rjchmond,Pa.Women Have Been Telling "Womenfor forty years how Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound has restored theirhealth when suffering with female ills.This accounts for the' enormous demandfor it from coast to coast. If you aretroubled with any ailment peculiar towomen why don't you try Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound? Itwill pay you to do so. Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass.MINISTER ENDORSES CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDYRev. James A. Lewis, Milaca, Minn,writes: "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has been a welcome and neededguest in our home for a number ofyears. I highly reccommend it to myfellows as being a medicine worthyof trial in cases of .colds, coughs, andRemedy a trial and we are confidentcroup." Giv e Chamberlain's Coughyou will find it very effectual and continue to use it as occasion requiresfor years to come, as many othershave done. For sale by all dealers.(Feb.) (adv)CIVIL."Who is that big stiff in the middleof the street who cusses everybodythat passes when he is making chalkmarks?" asked the Grouch."Him? Why he's a civil engineer,"replied the Wise Guy."The community which wants toeliminate commercialized vic.e hadmuch better expend its energies onthe men who make possible the "redlight' districts of our cities than onthe women who are their victims!"declares Mrs. Irving C. Moller, Chairman of the Committee on the Elimination of Commercialized Vice, referring to the situation in Witshngtonresultng from the passage of theKenyon "red-light" bill which aims toeliminate the segregated district inthe District of Columbia.We are saving time. People usedto believe they h-cl gained greatknowledge of real life when they hadread a novel. Then v?e thought thesame thing after seeing a play. Nowwe get the impressron from threequarters of an hour at the movingpicture show.THE CINCINNATIWEEKLY ENQUIRER,AMERICA'S GREATEST WEEKLY.PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY.What WeeMy Enquirer IsThe Weekly Enquirer is today oneof the best dollar-a-year weekly agricultural newspapers published. Itsfield is national, anc it reaches everyState and territory in the UnitedStates. It handles all the leadingcurrent news and market reports. Itpresents a complete summary of allthe important events of the times. Ithas access to the Daily Enquirer'slarge staff of correspondents" in theleading capitals of the world. It contains numerous departments for theexclusive use of its subscribers. Itsfiction department is unexcelled. Inits field of farm news it is supreme.You need the' "Weekly Enquirer.There is valuable information in eachissue for all the members of yourfamily.Our special offer to club raisers.'Fifty per cent, discount allowed toanyone sending us a club of three ormore yearly subscribers at one time.Make up a club of three or more andremit us only 50 cents for each name."Write today for a sample copy ofour big Premium and Clubbing Listit is free. You might send us thenames of a few of your friends orneighbors whom you think would appreciate a real bargain offer.We want active agents in every rural community. If you are wellknown it will pay you to investigateWe allow a big commission on all newand renewal subscriptions. AddressTHE WEEKLY ENQUIRER..CINCINNATI, O.FKamTsjELjto hhdnujiekIf, you are looking for a goodSuit or Overcoat Xat reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, here is the placeto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Orercoats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we areoffering them as a special inducement forSis.ssWe also have a full line of Schloss Bros.' guaranteed'. i! red Suits for $15 to $25. Emerson Shoes at $4nd $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise can be had at a price- thatwill please your pocket-book.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEPT.L Wollstein, Proprietor.mmum&ZWrS MgBBHWMaaMWMWHMBWBMMWMWMIMWMMiMMWMMMMMMPans OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Sfraw Hats Cleaned andReblocked4to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam LevyProprietor.White Hid Ciloves Gleaned,- short, lUc;long 25mmKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor ParisLeave Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a in9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m10:05 p m6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 am10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:t00 p m6:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p-mDaily except Sunday.iAmT r w .y wmP!fY SSWTi:IK ftf G tTRFHttSWe tell vonhow. and -oavbestinarketprices. We are dealers establishedin 1856; andean do BUTTER for youthan agents or commission merchants. References any bank in Louisville. Write for weekly price list.M. SABEL & SONS227-29-31 &33 E. Market St LOUISVILLE, XY.Dealers in i-uks, ruuco, uuFOR SALE.Three registered Percheron stallions; also twenty head of youngmares and geldings.STIRLING- P. HINKSON,(27-6t) Lair, Ky.per FM1SS!cent. $1,000 to $ioo oocW. KING & SON,35 Cheaplct :LxIntrton. ' KBJRSa&"Cleaning Co. fcFoi salflilayGauntpu Glub Cakes,Chocolate,Maraschino,VanillaCaramel.For Saturday.BaldwinBras.,Paris, KentuckyProfessional CardsDr. Wm. KenneyPARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.it m 136Office Phones H-omel3-6( E. T. 334.Residence7Home 334.DEvA. t! KELIiEB,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's BWParis - - ElJ. WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.fexm 1 Elki fivildins.&&&$Snv-) - v-?.UV-.'h''KKyvVv.-?THE BOURBON NEWS;. PARIS, KENTUCKY. FEBRUARY 24, 1914.N1!You Can't Afford ;To Do WithoutNatural Gas For Fuel... iNEWS OF MILLERSBURGMr. J. J. Peed and Mrs. J. H. Collier continue about the same.Col. C. M. Best, who has been onthe sick list, is able to be out again.Miss Louie Warford, of Paris,was the guest of Miss Eugenia WadellSaturday nd Sundy.Mrs. Dr. Betn and Miss Sythie! Kern were guests last week of Mrs.' Samuel Richardson, in Cincinnati.Mr. Thomas Poe, of Lexington,was the guest of his parents near this'place from Friday until Monday.Mr. C. W. Corrington left Mondayfor a business trip to Cincinnati, andwil be absent until Thursday.T! Mr. A. S. Venable, Jr., who is at-1 tending college at Clarkesville, Tenn.,came home Thursday, ill with theCalf and Inspect Our Line, offiflrlanri RaiHras and Tavlnr HeatersvM . & ww u XWJ1VI uuviw came home Thursday,J, grip.and get full information as tO COSt Of piping yOUr Mr. and Mrs. M. V. Shaw wereernests of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Finn.home. No fuel Wasted When you heat and COOk With . at Covington, from Friday until Mon-i flfl.V.-Gas, and its ready whenever you are ready."Cook With Gas and Keep the Cook."day.WW WWWi Paris Gas & Electric CoIncorporated!twwwwwwwwwwwwwwwAMERICANS FACE.EXECUTIONERS INJUAREZ PRISON'(Continued From Page One.)icarogo Flores, he said, had been promxsed his Telease.1 Paso Citizens Indigant.mer Gov. George Curry, of New Mexico, asked him to rent a hall, as he!regarded an open meeting as dangerous. The Myor said he would suppress any attempt to hold the meetingin the open. A theater was rented,and messengers turned a crowd fromCleveland Square to the building.RURAL SCHOOL EXTENSIONBJLL PASSES THE HOUSE."SL PASO, Texas, Feb. 23 A stormof indignation broke along the border"Friday, when it became .known that'William S. Benton, . British subjectnd wealthy landowner in Mexico5&d been executed by rebels in Juarez after he had made a protest toCteneral Francisco Villa about alleged depredations of the Constitu-fcionalists.A mass meeting was held that night ? Kentucky.sand resolutions adopted censuring theestate Department at Washington foralleged suppression of the consularreport of the Benton case, and calling ion Congress to demand from the Department of State a full record of alleged crimes and outrages againstforeigners in Mexico.The meeting came as the climax ofl day of excitement caused by newsof the death of Benton. The meetingwas first called for Cleveland Square,Ibut Mayor Kelley in a letter to for-FRANKFORT, Feb. 23 Before thejoint adjournment until tomorrow theHouse Saturday passed the Coke billextending the rural public school termto eight months and designating $50 amonth as the maximum salary forteachers with first-class certificatesand $40 a month for teachres withsec-class.This was followed by the passageof the Duffy joint resolution askingCongress to investigate the alleged"unlawful -conspiracy" of fire insurance companies doing businessBy a vote of 29 to 1, the Senatepassed the Helm parole bill, whichgives the Board of Penitnetiary Commissioners the right to grant paroleswith the approval of "the Governor,and the Helm indeterminate sentencebill as amended by the Senate waspassed by a unanimous vote.Senator Knight's oill, placing express companies under the control ofthe State railroad commission wasmade a special order for Wednesday.Messrs. J. Smith Clarke, of Win-Voefoi T Wall anfl T.nppv Hlarlrp rfA ViiWOUVl, J. l 14-u.u. ..wvj v."w, w-4 "Lexington, were here on business Fri-4',day- . . ,j ivirs. lu. kjj uruiies tjiiuji utmeu tiieRook Club Friday afternoon in honorof her cousin, Miss iSlsie Booth, ofCarlisle.Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Hudson, ofEwing, were guests of the latter'smother, Mrs. Elizabeth Stirman, fromFriday until Monday.Miss Amna Chanslor, who hasbeen the guest of her sister, Mrs. M.E. Pruitt, for several weeks, left .Saturday for her home at Stanford.There will be a recital by thestudents of music and expression inthe M. F. C. chapel Friday evening at8 o'clock. Publis cordially invited.Mr. O. W. Ingels has purchased anew automobile, which will arrive inthe near future. He has taken down,his stable and is replacing it with agarge.Mr. and Mrs. O.N. Johnson returned Saturday aftbf a three months'visit to Mr. Stewart Johnson and family, at Galveston, Texas. Mr. Johnson's health continues about thesame.I am prepared to sell fresh andsalt meats at reasonable prices. Donot fail to give me a call. My storeis under the direction of Mr. C. L.Mitchell, a man of large experience.Both telephones. Prompt service.MRS. MARGARET MITCHELL.(20-2t)NOTICE I will open a blacksmith shop March 1 m the property ofMr. J. P. Auxier, in Judyville, formerly occupied by Robert Madden, colored. I am prepared to do generalblacksmithing and 'ood work. Mymotto is to please. I guaranteeprompt service and will certainly bereasonable in my prices. Give meyour patronage once and you will doso again.CLARENCE THOMPSON(20-2t)Mr. R. H. Letton returned Saturday after a three weeks' visit to hisbrother, Mr. Wm. Letton, at Atlanta,Ga. He reports all the Millersburgboys doing well, and air. W. E. Powell, who left there with him, is thoroughly satisfied with his position- alndvery much pleased with the place.'Misses Judith and Cornelia Beeding, who have been with their sisters,Mesdames S. H. Endicott and Elizabeth Stirman, during the winter, havereturned to thir duties as millinersand dressmakers at Cincinnati.i T.onon sfrvirps this -tt'PfV at. -fit"..,.,Peters Episcopal ciiurcn. Asn-Wednesday,March 25. There will be services at 10 a. m., and at 7 p. m. Friday service at 4 p. m.The sale of Kemper Bros, onThursday was poorly "attended owingto the inclement weather. Manywere prevented from going on account of high water. Everything soldlow.Robert, the little son of Mr. andMrs. C. C. Chanslor, is critically illwith bronchial pneumonia. Twonurses are in attendance. He is resting more comfortably at this writing,but little hope is entertained for hisrecovery.Mr. and Mrs. Potter constitutedthe last number of the LyceumCourse, which was given at the M. F.C. chapel Friday evening. A largeaudience was present, and each ofthese people proved to be n artist.Their work consisted of vocal music and monologues. Every numberwas applauded and they Avere liberalwith their "encores.yThe Kyle Musical Comedy Co.,which is playing an engagement atthe Grand Opera House in Paris, willhave the boards at the MillersburgOpera House for three nights thisweek, beginning Thursday eveningReports vfrom Paris are to the effectthat the company has given thoroughsatisfaction during the engagementthere, and that the performances werevery creditable. Popular prices willprevail during the engagement here,which will be ten and twenty-fivecents. The company was booked forthe week at Paris, with the exceptionof Wednesday and Thursday, whenVogel's Minstrels and "The Firefly"will be the attractions there. Withthese dates open the company decidedto come to Millersburg to fill out theweek.MR. HUTCHCRAFT COMESFOR A BRIEF VISIT HEREiRepresentative Reuben Hutehcraft,of this city, came over Saturday nightfrom Frankfort to spend' Sunday andMonday with his parents, Mr. andMrs. R. B. Hutehcraft. He will returnto Frankfort today to le one the floorof the House, which took a recess yesterday in observance of Washington'sbirthday.Mr. Hutehcraft was among the Legislators who accepted the invitation ofthe Lexington Commercial Club to betheir guests Saturday, and spoke inthe highest terms of the manner inwhich they were entertained by theLexington people.According to Mr. Hutehcraft he hasbeen extremely busy during the pastweek and Saturday completed a substitute to the tax bill, which was immediately placed in the hands of theofficial printer and which will be readyfor introduction in the House today,and he expressed the opinion that themeasure would pass the lower branchof the Legislature this week.LUKE McLUKE SAYS(Cincinnati Enquirer)Too many men do a lot of prayingon Sunday and a lot of preying on theother six days.The world is filled with people whowill gladly pay $5 for a book labeltd: "How to Succeed," but who wonldlaugh at you if you asked them toread the Ten Commandments,HEROINE LED TO THE ALTAR.Miss Sallie Farmer and Mr. Derwood Singleton, of Danville, weremarried at Stanford. The bride isthe daughter of Jailer Dink Farmer,who several months ago yreventeilsome of the inmates of the jail frombreaking out, b,y her bravery. Mr.Singleton is the son of I. C. Singleton.inwwwwwwwwwI THE MARKETS.wwwwwwwwwwChicago Live Stock.CHICAGO, Feb. 23. Hog receipts38,000; market strong; bulk of sale$8.658.75; light $8.608.80; mixed$8.558.80; heavy $8.40(5)8.80; rough$8.408.50; pigs $7.758.70. Cattlereceipts 23,000; market steady; beeves$7.20 9.05; Texas steers $6.90 8.00;stockers and feeders $5.50(5)8.00; cowsand heifers $3.708.55; calves $7.50(cf11.00. Sheep receipts 35.000; marketgenerally steady; native $4.906.25;yearlings $5.905.95; lambs native$6.907.90.Cincinnati Live Stock.J3INCCINNATI, O., Feb. 2S Hog receipts 5,104; strong; packers andbutchers S9.009.10; -common tochoice $6.00 6.60; pigs and lights$6.00(5)9.10; stags $5.007.75. Cattlereceipts 1,538, steadv; steers, $5.50(58.25; heifers $5.007.90; cows $3.25(5:6.75; heifers $5.007.90 cows $3.25(5"6.75; calves steady $6.10(5)12.00.Sheep receipts 609; steady, $3.00, 5.50; lambs strong, $5.75 8.00.., OF OUR HBIG ST0The unseasonable weather forces us to take heroicmeasures to unload the balance of our stock of WinterShoes. We have marked down our best Shoes to pricesyou simply cannot resist. '-We Must UnloadBig shipments of Spring Shoes from the factories where we placed ourheavy orders are arriving every day in big quantities and crowding us forroom.Be Here This Week Without Fail.Not only late Winter Shoes and Rubbers, but Spring Footwear jst included in this sale.Don't Miss This OpportunityMoney Saved is Money EarnedL,BY THE OLD RELIABLE HOUSEID.A..N"COHEJT-ETZLm9FmmmiJlILinsrjA high-brow magazine runs an article on "The Lost Art of Conversation." The lad wh. wrote that wasno married man.I ftach fllwaiK C& m tha 1Best at Lowest Prices !Potatoes, fancy Northern Stock, per pk. 30cPotatoes, fancy Northern Stock, per bo. $1.00Navy Beans, ber lb 5eKidney Beans, per lb 8 l-3cTomatoes, per can 10c93 cans Standard Corn 25cSweet Potatoes, per can 10c3 packages Gold Metal Oats 25c2 large size Mackerel . 15c3 large size packages Maccaroni 25c6 bars Octagon Soap 25c6 bars Clean-Easy Soap 25c7 bars Lenox Soap . 25c20 lbs. best-Eastern Sugar 81.00(With a three dollar purchase)Stone's Silver Slice Cakes received fresh daily.Order early and your order will be delivered on time.T r I FWIHAM1. VI. Eil llllAl 1, IBoth Phones 234 JHIHJHHHHIIPW)CUT THE ROPE WggS&ND PUT YOURONEY IN THENK OR YOU WILLBE LOST -"Procrastination is the thief of time." It is constantPUTTING OFF that gets a man in a fix like the one in thepicture "Going to stop wasting his money some day, someday." Don't YOU put off banking your money. MAKE ASTART begin now. Gome to our bank and start an account.We will treat you courteously and take care to serve you well.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapital, $100,000.00.J. M. HALL, PRESOENTSurplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS.CashierPublic Sale of Main St. Business PropertyOn Thursday, March S9 1 91 4, at 2 O'Clock.Desiring to devote all my time to my farm, I have decided to sell my property on Main Street, between Second and Third Streets, and opposite the ElksBuilding, and on above date will dispose of it to the highest bidder.The property has a frontage of 41 1-2 feet on Main Street and extends backthe same width to Pleasant Street, and will be offered in two tracts, and then asa whole, and best bid accepted. 'Tract No. 1 fronts 41 1-2 feet on Main Street, extends back 120 feet, and contains a two-story brick .business house, in good repair, new metal roof, etcTract No. 2 has a frotage of 41 1-2 feet on Pleasant Street and extends back98 1-2 feet to tract No. 1, and has a blacksmith shop and coal jcard now rentingfor $25 per month.This property is well located, very desirable and will readily rent for $100 parmonth. This is the only Main street business property on the market.Terms made known on dav ofsale. " 'J. r. Weatherall.For farther irformationV'call on Harris & Speakes. ParisKy. V -,, -'Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer. i v " (feb-17-24-mir3)Ik -. ' W .. r W-4V.1