" - . ' !.-jT IvVAjJsprrPtjRy . .-- -s' , S. sTHE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARV'r 7-VOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 24, 1914.'- -y'?ftLIQUOR ELECTION RE-FUSED IN SCOTT.County Judge Joseph B. Ward declined to call a local option electionior September 28, in Scott County,after the arguments were presentedto him by the attorneys for thedrys."' The court's opinion was thatsince an election on the same subject had been ordered and held inScott County a little more than a yearago, he was unable to call anotherelection.The petition signed by more thani 326 voters from the eighteen precincts of Scott County and containingmore than twenty-five per cent, of theotes cast at the last general election,was presented to Judge Ward. Afterpetitioners had introduced the testimony showing the residence of citizens signing the petition, they askedthe court to call the election for September 28. fThe petition filed by the "wets"asking that an election on the sameday be held in Georgetown was therefore dismissed by the court.The "drys" will now institute a suitii. Circuit Court and seek to compeltl;e Comity Judge by mandatory orderto call the election, notwithstandingms interpretation of the law.The matter mil now likely be inthe courts for an indefinite length oftime before any action can be held.Scott Circuit Court begins on the firstMonday in October, at which time thequestion of mandamus against JudgeWard will be heard.THAVIU AND HIS BAND.Versatility is one of the great features of Thaviu, who with his celebrated band, is coming to the ParisTair Grounds, for one perfomance,Sunday afternoon, August 2.Thaviu has won an enviable placein modern music with his vigorousmethods and tasteful programs. Heand his band are known throughoutthe length and breadth of the land.They have found favor with musiclovers in all walks of life,, and havegained fame in every quarter of thecountry.Combined with his power as a conductor Thaviu is a cornetist of greatability and his playing has beenpraised by the highest critics inAmeica. As a program maker he iswithout a peer or a rivaL He seemsto suit any gathering, from the frivolous crowds at the summer parkswho seek nothing but the gayer andlighter melodies, to the more sedategateherings in the Chautauquas, whodemand music of a higher grade andstyle.Thaviu knows music and. knowsmusicians. He has one of the verybest musical organizations on theToad this season, and not only carriesa band that is perfect in every detail,but also presents an opera companythat offers grand opera in the besttaste and in the best manner.Without a doubt the coming ofThaviu and his band to Paris will bea rare musical treat. At the ParisFair Grounds, Sunday afternoon,August 2, for one performance only.WINCHESTER "WETS" TOTEST LOCAL OPTION LAW.It was rumored Thursday that it isthe plan of the Winchester "wets" tohave separate elections on the liquorquestion in the city and county. Petitions to this effect have alreadyTieen circulated, but it was stated by asaloon man that the petitions werebeing prepared in order to make atest of the county unit law, should theity vote wet, while the county as avhole went dry.FLORAL AGENT.Cut Flowers, Funeral Designs, &c.Phone me your order.JO. S. VARDEN, Agent.FINE PROSPECTS IN THISCOUNTY FOR GROWING CROPSThe prospects for growing crops inBourbon County is very satisfactoryat present. The county has beenblessed with good soaking rains thathave been worth thousands of dollarsto the growing crops. Meadows thatwere parched by the hot sun havetaken on new life and corn and tobacco already show indications of benefits derived from the showers.An unusual occurrence in this section in July was the planting of anumber or tooacco ueiu&, auu a.iwgardens. The weather conditions hadnot been favorable for the formerwork, and vegetables that had beenplanted earlier in the season had dried up for lack of rain. There is hopethat both will mature before thefrosts come. There is said to be afine prospect for apples and peaches.Unless there is a repetition of theunfavorable weather conditions thatprevailed during the middle of Julyand earlier, the crops will have agrowing chance to reach maturity.LOCAL OPTION PETITIONFILED IN CLERK'S OFFICE.A committe representing the localoption sentiment in this county filedtheir petition in the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton yesterdty afternoon. The petition contained 1,734signatures. The number required bylaw is 1,020. The petition requestsCounty Judge Chas. A. McMillan toall an election in this county onMonday, Sept. 28, to take the senseof the voters of Bourbon county, onthe question of local option. The petition will be presented to Judge McMillan on Monday, Aug. 3, countycourt day.BLACKBERRrES.Plenty of blackberries. If you"ant any phone your order NOW.They won't last long.C. P. COOK & CO.AGED PREACHERSTRONG FOR THOMAS.North Middletown, Ky., July 20.To the Democratic Voters of SeventhCongressional District:,'I am in my seventy-eighth year ofage, was born, reared and lived nearly all my life in Bourbon County, Ky."Have been a preacher in the Christian Church nearly flfty-five years,and I wish to say, that I have knownthe Hon. Claude M. Thomas fromchildhood to the present."I joined farms with his father fortwenty-six years, and when ClaudeThomas was a boy we regarded himas one of the brightest and best boysof the county, as a young man a cleansober, moral, and upright gentleman,and to-day he is a model Christiangentleman and stands above reproach."He has been opposed to whisky,and all sorts of immorality from hisearly boyhood days. He is in everyway qualified to make us just such aCongressman as we need to bringhonor to the Seventh District."He is a man that knows nothingabout billingsgate, mud-slinging andfalsifying hem oves in a higher planeof though."He is a Democrat in politics, neverhaving scratched a ticket. He hasbeen a Wilson man before vand afterthe Baltimore convention, and hasunbounded confidence in his administration. He has endorsed temperanceand be assured you have no greaterfriend, and no more faithful, earnestadvocate."He is a great all-round man, a manof intelligence, education, uprightnessof character, and in soundness ofmoral principle irreproachable. Whenthere is a moral issue before the people we never have to inquire towhere he stands. Always ready andwilling to to work for the moral betterment and uplift of the people."The people of our district shouldwithout fail select him as our candidate, and be sure to elect him at thefall election. His influence for goodwould rise a star of first magnitudein the Congressional galaxy."Yours very truly,"L. H. REYNOLDS."ALL DEMOCRATS SHOULDVOTE IN AUGUST PRIMARYUrging that every Democrat inKentucky participate in the comingState primary, Editor Urey Woodsonsays in the Owensboro Messenger:"The State primary this year willbe on the first day of August. Thereare candidates and candidates to beconsidered, but the important thingfor the Democrats is to be sure to goto the polls and vote. This is theright time for loyalty to country andto party. It is best known by takinga deep interest in the public affairsof the country. It is a time to standby one's political colors."All kinds of efforts are being madeto disconcert the President, but it ishaving no effect. He' will not let goeven though it thunders. He is rightas well as plucky."Let every Lemocrat get ready forthe August primary, and let him encourage all his neighbors to turn outand show the President, as well asthe enemies of the country's best interest that Democrats are loyal toboth party and to country. A greatDemocratic vote in the August primary .will be a vote of confidence inthe President."FOUR PREACHERS URGENOMINATION OF THOMAS.An eloquent appeal for the supportof honest men and good principles forthe nomination and election of Hon.Claude M. Thomas, of Bourbon County, for Congress from this district,was made by the pastors of fourchurches at a meeting at Troy, Woodford County. The ministers wereRev. H. L. Cocrerham, of the Presbyterian Church, at Troy, Rev. R. J.Bamber, of the Christian Church,Rev. O. O. Green, of the BaptistChurch, and J. M. Fuqua, of the Methodist Church, all of Versailles.The crowd joined in the singing of"My Old Kentucky Home." SenatorThomas was introduced by Hon. Harry A. Scoberth, of Versailles. Mr.Scoberth made a brief speech settingforth the reasons why Senator Thomas should be nominated. Anothermeeting was held at Nonesuch, Woodford County, which was attended by agood sized crowd, as was that atTroy.THE MOUNTAIN COUNTIESSTRONG FOR BECKHAM.The mountain counties still showtheir preference for Gov. JT. C. W.BecKiiam ior umieu oiaico ocuawi,and that the ex-Governor's strengthit still gaining at a rapid rate isproof conclusive, as the date of theprimary nears. The few followers ofStanley and McCreary are still raising a howl, but without, avail, andnothing can be done to stay theBeckham strength, and he is sure ofthe largest vote that was ever polledfor any man in the history of themountains.The Hon. F. H. Harris, of Whitesburg, has been selected as campaignmanager for Beckham, in LetcherCounty, and the organization will beas complete as can be made.SPECIAL JULY CLEARING SALE.$5.00 Skints at $1.98; $7.50 Skirtsat $3.98; $10.00 Skirts at $6.98; $15.00Skirts at $9.50.,HARRY SIMON.Tobacco insuranceagainst hail SeeRoxie Davis. 26tfBETTER BABIES CONTEST.The Bourbon County Health andWelfare League, which has in chargethe Better Babies Contest in this cityand county, announces that an interesting program has been arranged forthe final day. of the contest, whichwill be on Friday, July 31, in theParis Public School building.While the babies entered in thecontest are not required to be present, they must be represented by atleast one parent or forfeit their rightto the medals. It is especially requested that no babies under one yearof age be brought to the exercises.The exercises and the health exhibit will be 'open to the public aiiait is hoped that a great many peoplewill be present, as they are assuredor a pleasant and profitable afternoon. "BUSY BEE CASH STORE.'Fred Weckesser's "Busy Bee" CashStore, at the old Fee stand, on MainStreet, will open Saturday, July 25,with a "cyclone of bargains," in DryGoods, Shoes, Notions, Hats Groceries, also China, Granite and Tin Ware.Every article marked in plain "cutprice" 'figures.Strictly cash, no delivery, no phone,and all unnecessary erpense cut out.Buying in large quantities for cash,enables us to retail at wholesaleprices.Watch next week's papers for someeye-openers. (It)SUIT ORDERED BROUGHTAGAINST WATER CO.The City Council at a regular meeting last night granted a number ofbuilding permits. Also one for ahogshead factory on South Main. Anumber of concrete sidewalks wereordered built. The City Attorney wasordeTed to 'bring suit against theParis Water Company for failing tocomply with their contract with thecity. The amount being left to thejudgment of the attorney.LENIHAN'S CASH SPECIALS.20 lbs. Granulated Sugar, S1.00,with a $3.00 purchase; 25 lbs. PurityFlour, 75 cents; 50 lbs. Purity Flour,$1.50; 25 lbs. Red Cross Flour, 75cents; 50 lbs. Red Cross Flour, $1.50;25 lbs. Lancaster Flour, 65 cents;50 lbs. Lancaster Flour, $1.30; 17 lbs.Magnolia Flour, 35 cents; 25 lbs.Magnolia Flour, G5 cents; MasonFruit Jars. Rubber. Sealing Wax,Parafine, Stone's Silver Slice Cakes,received fresh every day.T. C. LINEHAN.MILLERSBURG CHAUTAUQUA.The Millersburg Chautauqua, whichwill be held in that city July 28 toAugust 3, inclusive, promises to boone of the most enjoyable and entertaining: events of the season. Alarge number of season tickets havebeen sold in this city. Those desiring season tickets can obtain them atThe Bourbon News office at the following prices: Adults, $2.00; Children, $1.00. The price of tickets willbe advanced when the Chautauquaopens.There will be seven days of music,mirth and culture, each day presentring a program of absorbmg interestto both old and young, not one attraction that you can afford to miss. Theprogram will be under the auspicesof the American Lyceum Bureau, withthe following talent:The Banda Roma; MendelsshonSextette; Mme. Zoe Pearl Park; Afton Sketch Club; Hon. Alf A. Taylor;Jacob Randolph Perkins; MamieWynne Cox; Gen. John H. Atwood;Dr. Frank Waller Allen; InternationalMale Quartette; The Crescent Quarteet; Dean W. H. Lhamon; Dr. Pheron A. Harmon; Mooratta, Olivet andCompany.-.REE CONCERT TO-MORROW AFTERNOON BY FAMOUS BANDThrough the efforts of Paris business men, with the personal assistance of Mr. G. A. Thomas, of Frankfort, residents of this city and countyare to be given a treat to-morrow afternoon when the famous New YorkMarine Band will give a free concertI on the steps of the Court House.The band, under the leadership ofM. Lozite, is considered one of the! finest in the country, and is said tooutrank Bouhmir Kryl, and to be in aclass with Scusa and the Gilmoreorganizations. The band has beentouring the South under the auspicesof the Alkahest Lyceum Bureau, andwith an open date was secured by thebusiness men -of Paris subscribingfunds for bringing them here.The residents outside the city ofParis will be the guests of the merchants of Paris during the afternoon,and the presence oj the band is expected to prove a great drawing cardin getting the country folk of Bourbonin Paris for an afternoon's pleasure.It is seldom that an opportunity isgven to hear music by one of thesefamous bands except durng the Chautauqua season or at the theatres, andthe visit of the New York MarineBand is certain to prove a decided attraction for the people of the city andthe county to-morrow afternoon. Theprogram will begin promptly at 2:30p. m., and will last two hours.MUST COME ACROSS!A "spotter" is said to be going overthe State talcing a list of those whoare owners, of motorcycles and autos,and who have not paid their State license. Every motorcycle owner mustpay $5.00 and auto owners must payfrom $10 to $20. -3FRANK &,GLEJ?FAICE(f t4IfrH,frfr"I"M,frFRANK &The Store Where Reliabilitym4$$4QQ$QWrtQ&4Q&&$QG&&4t$44ti4liittOF MILLERSBURG fMrs. E. C. Hawkins visitedfriends at Talbott Station, Wednes-1day.Millersburg has been well represented this week at the Mt. Sterlingfair.Mr?. W. V. Shaw is visiting hermother, Mrs. Harding and family, atButler.Mr. Roy Endicott was in Cincinnati on business Tuesday and Wednesday. Miss Nannie Clarke returnedSunday from a visit to her sister,Mrs. Price, at Escondida.Messrs. J. J. Peed and John Shaycontinue very much the same; Mrs.J. A. Miller is some better.Mr. W. W. Hurst has returned tohis home in Texas, after a severalweeks' visit to his brother, Mr. D. M.Hurst, and family.Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Wilson, Sr.,have returned from a visit to her sister, Mrs. David Wood, at Maysville.Miss Mary Bruce Redd returnedThursday after a several weeks' visitto friends and relatives at Paintsville,Campton and Lexington.Miss Mary Agnes Purnell has returned from Kentucky State University, at Lexington, where she hasbeen taking a special coures.Mr. John Letton will leave Saturday for his home at Atlanta, Ga., afterspending a week with his mother andsister, Mrs. Jennie Letton and daughter, Miss Leona.Rev. J. D. Redd closed a successful protracted meeting at RuddlesMills Tuesday night. There wasmuch interest manifested and five additions to the church.Misses Hazel Kerr, Kizzie MayMcDaniell, Louise Myall, Edwina Ammerman will return from ' EasternKentucky State Normal School today, where they have attended thebeen taking a special course.FIRELESS COOKER. There willbe a lady to demonstrate the FirelessCooker, to-day at our furniture store,in Paris. Something good to eat.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Opp. Court House.The Sunday School of the Methodist Church gave a picnic Thursday inthe woods of Mr. W. M. Layson, onthe Cynthiana pike. The childrenwere conveyed from the church to thegrounds at 9:30 a. m. in automobilesand other conveyances. Many sportsand gEhnes were provided, with plentyof ice water and lemonade on thegrounds. At noon a delightful picnicdinner was served, which consistedNow Going On!SPECIAL OFFERINGSOFLadies' and Misses' SuitsWorth Regularly $20.00 and $25.00$5.00NOWEACHLadies' vand Misses' SergeDressesWorth Regularly $7.50 and $10.00$3.95NOWEACHThese Suits and DressesWorthy of Your CarefulInspection.largely of good old country ham andfried chicken.CHAUTAUQUA PROGRAM.Tuesday, July 28 Afternoon 2:30,Prelude, The; Metji'opolitjlm Aritsts;3:15, Lecture, Dean W. H. Lhamon;Night 8:00, Full Concert, The Metropolitan Artists.Wednesday, July 29 Afternoon2:30, Prelude, The Af ton Sketch Club;3:15, Lecture, Dr. Frank WallerAllen; Night 8:30, Prelude, The Aftons; 8:45, Moorratta, Olivet & Co.Magic Mystery.Thursday, July 30th Afternoon2:30, Program, "A Drama of theSouth" Mamie Wynne Cox; Night8:00, Prelude, Mamie Wynne Cox;8:45, Lecture, Hon. Alf Taylor.Friday, July 31 Afternoon 2:30,Program, The Crescent Company;Night 8:00, Prelude, The Crescents;8:45, Lecture, Hon. Henry Lane Wilson. Saturday, August 1st Afternoon2:30, Prelude, The Mendelssohn Sextette; 3:15, Lecture, Theron AlvinHarmon; Night, Full Concert, ZoePearl Park and the Mendelssohns.Sunday, August 2nd Morning, Union Services if desired; Afternoon,Song and Praise Service; 2:30, Program, The International Male Quartette; Night, Song and Praise Service; 8:00, Prelude, The Internationals; 8:45, Lecture, Gen. John H. Atwood. Monday, August 3rd Afternoon2:30, Prelude, Banda Roma; 3:15,Lecture, Jacob Randolph Perkins;Night, Full Concert, Banda Roma.FIRE CHIEF ED. HITEMAKING GOOD AT MAYSVILLEFire Chief Ed. Hite, Wednesdaymorning received a communicationfrom Ruby Laffoon, stating that thefire insurance rates of Maysvillewould be materially reduced in thenext few weeks, after the State rating board had completed its investigation. For several months ChiefHite has been working on this proposition, securing data from towns allover, the State as to the fire insurancerates in cities of the same populationas Maysville. He found out that several places had lower rates thanMaysville, and that their fire protection was not half as good. Actingupon this information he placed thematter before Mr. Laffoon.The reason why Father knowsthese yarns about Heartless Corporations making money out of Child La-' bor are all rot is because once in awhile Father tries to bribe the children to help around the house."tThe more I examine the people Imeetyevery day, the more I rejoice1 that I was not born a Cannibal.cACOt4444S4444444444$444X44444rarem.COReigns.POLICE MAKE SEVERALIMPORTANT ARRESTS.Chief of Police Link, Wednesday,arrested a man on Main Street,whose actions led him to believe thathe was an escaped lunatic. He wastaken in charge, and upon beingsearched a large "12" was foundmarked on his shirt. The Lexingtonasylum authorities were communicated with, and an official was sent here,who identified the man as A. Pridemore, who had walked away from, theinstitution a day or two ago. He wasrreturned to the asylum Wednesdaynight.Chief of Police Link and Patrolman King arrested two negroes on theGeorgetown pike, on suspicion of being implicated in the robbery of asafe in Georgetown. A pint of whiskey and a Smith & Wesson SpeciaLrevolver was found on them.The negroes was given two hours toleave town.The same officers were called tothe residence of Dr. Wallingford onSixth Street, yesterday morning. Awhite man had been seen coming outof the house during the absence ofDr. Wallingford, and his actionsaroused suspicion. The officers arrested the man, who gave his namas John Williams, of Toledo,. O., andclaimed to be selling soap. Whenhe was searched three razors and arevolver, afterward identified as theproperty of Dr. Wallingford, werefound on his person. Williams usedthe deaf and dumb style of conversation, and had nothing to say. He wastaken to jail.MONTGOMERY COUNTY FAIRThe Montgouery County Fair opened at Mt. Sterling, Tuesday, with thelargest first day crowd in years, andthe weather wasyiedal. The muleexhibits were the finest ever witnessedin Kentucky, and in the $300 sucklingmule ring there was a fine field of:colts. After hot competition the firstpremium was won by J. H. Marr, oBourbon County, with second premium to same. The stake was worth.$115 to the winner. In the 3-year-oldchampion saddle class, first premium,was won by Auto Be King, shown byBilly Shropshire, while in the NewYork saddle class, Gossip, by KingChieftain, owned by Clarence L. Kerr,of Lexington, and ridden by MattCohen, was awarded first prize.The $100 saddle stake Wednesdaywas won by Allie Jones' AdmiralKing. In the jack stock show, Myers& McClintock won first and thirdawards.Get any bunch of poker players together after an all night session andevery- one of them will ckrfiUly;admit that he is loaer.8 H L "6("gKc' L '""mvmTvpmjfmwmyjyjgayBgjjggpIWrmiw$Fjm-j--t . -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 24 1914FromTHE change may be- critical and cauoe untold i O OOUIf DOIl JNCWSix .BufferinG: in after-life. .The modern -youngwoman is often a "hnnrilpnf riVrvpq" "hitrh strnmr"'-fainting spells emotional frequently blue andj, wv aa dissatished with life. Such girls should be helpedf VfrflOOO over this distressing "stage in life by a woman'sirj& wuw. au utsi. vine -uiai. uasjjiuvcu aucucasiuj 1UF,s over 4u years.-Dr. reerce?ly?avorite Prescriptionis a keen enemy to the physical wetnesses of woman ."- A medicine prepared byregular graduated physician of unusHaixperience in treating woman's diseases.carefully adapted "to work in harmonyNwhh the most .de-cateferainine constitutionJt is now obtainable in liquid 01druff store or send 50 one-cent siEvery 'woman may write fully and confidentially toDr. Pierce and his staff of physicians and Specialistsst the Invalids Hotel and Surgical Institute, Buffalo,N. Y., and may be sure that her case will receive careful, conscientious, confidential consideration, and thatexperienced medical advice will be given to her free.no AfPBpir n. r a bit nrr r .mjk. nuibfi . ri.c.jjiyj rc.ui.cta regulate sSmgar touted, tiny granule- easy to take as cendyKrar-coated tablet form'at thefor a trial box, la Buffalo;,fgVomanhood Jnb JmrIF YOU HAVE AHOME TELEPHONEUse It For YourLong Distanceas consistently as you do for your local business. Youcan reach the party you want quickly and get efficientservice at reasonable rates over the fEstablished 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue."Zmf$Home Long Distance Lines.1ZSZ&If you do not have a Home Telephone now, call theManager's office, 427, for rates and have itjinstalled. MZto Paris Rome Celep&one and Cekarapft ago(Incorporated) liSSSS3S'J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. K. E. SPEARS, Commerical Manager.I Don't Worrv 1I Your self During theHot Weather!IBut Come in and We Will Suggesta Quick and Easy Meal for You.Sliced Ham,Minced Ham,Dried Beef,Bologna,Imported Swiss Cheese,Brick Cheese,Pimento Cheese,Snappy Cheese,N. Y. Cream CheeseCanned Meats of All Kinds.5S Stone's famous Silver Slice akes.gIT. C. IENIHAN,Cash Grocery.A Both Phones 234iHIWKi massaam gmm mm? ," -tt i I III! II llllll HfcMIIIIM bPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BKBrVTUCSunday, JULY 2HOG CHOLERA AND ITS CONTROLBy H. M. Hamilton, Veterinarian,County Live Stock Inspector ofBourbon County, Ky.KENTUCKY75cHBBl75cHHHBHHHHHHHHIHHHRoundTripSCENERYRECREATIONRoundTripMUSICTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 am.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further information.H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.H. M. HAMILTONVETERINARIANUP"-Office, Butler's Drug StorePhones 261. Residence phones:Cumberland 246, Home 449.PARIS, KY.County Live Stock Inspector.Expert CarriagePainter.Mr. Percy Halm, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast 8 yers, has opened a shop at thecorner of Fouth and High Streets, andsolicits the patronage of those needing anything in his line.Both Phones 583.Hog cholera is the most highly communicable and the most generallyprevalent disease affecting swine. Nobreed of swine is immune to thismalady, although the susceptibilityof different breeds and of different individuals of the same breed differwidely in degree. The disease ischaracterized by loss of appetite, elevated temperature and early intoxication. So great is the death ratefrom hog cholera that it is an excessive I economic loss on the farmers ofthe nation. The loss of the State ofKentucky during 1913 amounting toover $2,000,000. The disease promises to be more prevalent and widespread than the .past year.CAUSE The causative agent ofhog cholera has never been definitelyascertained, but long continued experiments has proven it to be due tomicro-organisms or a filterable virus,which will pass through the finestfilters. The filterablevirus spoken ofabove is found to exist not only inthe blood of infected swine, but in theurine, the faeces and the maceratedstructures of some of the internalorgans.. METHODS OF TRANSMISSIONHog cholera may be transmitted in anumber ofways by direct contact ofone animal with another, in sleepingquarters or feeding troughs; by birds;by streams; by dogs; by parasites;on the shoes of individuals; and byeating infected food. It is most frequently contracted at the time offeeding, and herds that are confinedin close, ill-ventilated or unsanitaryquarters are most readily infectedand they offer the least resistence toits ravages.Birds that feed on the carcasses ofhogs dead of the disease often carrythe causative agent to remote fields,where they communicate it to thehealthy animals. The pollution of asmall stream caused by the presenceof an infected carcass, (or herd having access to same) may carry the infection to the other herds milesaway.Itniay be asserted without fear ofrefutaation that all stockyards are infected with cholera, as are all publicfeeding stations and rest stationsprovided by common carriers for accommodation of swine in transit.There is always a probability of infection at public fairs and stockshows, and none but immune animalsshould be sent to such places for exhibition purposes.An estimate of the relative productivity of various sources of infection, placing the greatest burden ofresponsibility upon the human element. Visitation of neighbors carrying thecausative agent on their shoes frominfected herds to uninfected herdsare responsible for 33 per sent, of theoutbreaks.Birds carrying the infecting medium in 27.5 per cent, of outbreaks.Dogs are probably responsible forabout 6.5 per cent, of outbreaks.Streams carry the causative factorwhich is responsible for some 8 percent, of outbreaks; hogs in adjoiningpremises convey the infectionin about 4.5 per cent.; escapedhoes in 4 ner cent.; new stock frominfected sources bring the cholera inabout 10 per cent, of outbreaks, andin 6.5 ner cent, of new cases the in-. fection is traceable to local causesuue to liuprujjer sscuiiuiliuu.SYMPTOMS The period of incubation of hog cholera is sometimes asshort as two days, bpt usually runfrom four to eight days from date ofexposure. No swine that has beenexposed to the disease can be regarded as entirely safe from the maladyuntil after a period of thirty days haselapsed.Owing to wide and different symptoms in every case of hog cholera itis often difficult to make diagnosis.Moreover, we often encounter casesof hog cholera in which the symptomsare not sufficiently pronounced torender diagnosis simple or definite.The symptoms are so wide and different that it isn't necessary for meto go into details on symptomology,but in all outbreaks of a fatal diseasein swine the owner should at onceconsult a qualified veterinarian, and I11 pussiuie cUiive at. a. uiaguuois, auuif same is found to be cholera, thenthe County Live Stock Inspctorshould at once be informed, and allDrecautions possible be taken to nre-!vent the spread of the disease to non-Jinfected hogs on the same farm, andnon-infected 4 herds on adjoiningfarms.Hog cholera may be confoundedwith the following diseases: Anthraxalimentary troubles resulting fromdietetic errors and parasites of totuberculosis.TREATMENT The first and mostimportant is vigorous and rigid quarantine. It is now conceded that thereis only one effective method of combating hog cholera, the so-called "Dor-set-NilesMethod," which consists ofthe hypodemic administration of protective serum only, or of the serumand virus method, commonly calledsimultaneous method. This methodshould be used in healthy herds only,which is the best time to administerthe serum always. Don't wait untilthe herd is affected. This treatment should be administered only bya qualified veterinarian. We mustreckon with the fact that the hog isa very dirty animal and whether thetreatment is appled for the production of immunitv or as a curativeagent, extra precautions must be tak-ien toguard against septic infection.Clean quarters, clean steril instruments, clean water and plenty of itand liberal quantities of antisepticsused.All hogs that are sick or die do nothave cholera, therefore, the importance of working a correct diagnosis.Whether cholera or not, those hogsshowing no symptoms should be isolated, dipped in some stock dip, placed "in clean, uninfected quarters andgiven a light diet of thin slop containing a variety of food, such asbran, oat meal, shorts, a little groundcorn and some tankage, some greenfood and plenty of pure, fresh wateris of great value. The medical treatment should consist of internal antiseptics given in the food' or drink.Iii addition to the diet mineral,foods should be supplied. A mixtureof charcoal, air-slacked lime withcommon salt and ground green boneis excellent. If wallows are provided,the water-should contain some disinfectant, such as cresolin, daytholum,etc.For sick hogs give them as described above, sanitary quarters, plenty ofpure, fresh water, then a good purgeof salts, and follow with intestinalantiseptics freely, such as turpentine,salycilic acid, or carbolic acid. Thehygiene and diet should be carefullyregulated, as provided above. Thistreatment should always be given,even if serum is administered.The quarters must be cleaned anddisinfected and all dead animalsburned or buried deep, and covered bylime. A large percentage of lossesfrom hog cholera can be prevented.A strict quarantine against all transmissible swine diseases should bemaintained (and here is where theowner should be greatly interested,for what protects you protects yourneighbor and means that -the spreadof disease can be prevented) and thegeneral health of swine should bepreserved by clean, comfortablequarters, avoiding bedding with oldstraw that is easily broken up intofine dust that causes much irritationof the respiratory passages when inhaled. Keep wallows clean and disinfected. A better way is to have acement wallow that can be cleanedand supplied with fresh water towhich a r. on-poisonous disinfectantcan bo added. Swine should have avariety of good food with good pasture when possible, and plenty of mineral elements supplied. Above all,keep the quarters clean.Designed Vand 1Patented JJ 887',o--Twenty-seven Years Agothe first Cortright Metal Shingles were put on.TheStandardEver SinceThey're still on still in good condition, andthe only attention they've had is an occasionalcoat of paint.In addition to the lasting qualities, they'reFireproof, Stormproof and inexpensive.l For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.THE"RRUDENTMAATKEEPSms MONEYSAFEITISmy, .. -Bwiii iiii yszcimttttmm 'leiwSs igfB xnsF.wmmwMdmM IWR i 1 1,ipj iiupB 1 lift 11llcENDORSED AT HOME.Such Proof As This Should ConvinceAny Paris Citizen.The public endorsement of a localcitizen is the best proof that can beproduced. None better, none strongercan be had. When a man comes forward and testifies to his fellow-citizens,addresses his friends and neighbors, ycu may be sure he 'is thoroughly cr?-. 'need or he would not do so.Telling on3 experience when it is forthe public good is pn act of kindnessthat should be appreciated. The following statement given by a residentof Paris adds one more to the manycases of Home Endorsement whichare being published about Doan's Kidney Pills. Read it.George McCandles, butcher, Paris,Ky., says: "Some time ago I had occasion to use a kidney remedy. Theway Doan's Kidney Pills stopped thetrouble proved their merit."Mr. McCandles is only one of manyParis people .who have greatefullyendorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. Ifyour back aches if your kidneysbother you, don't simply ask for akidney 'remedy ask distinctly forDoan's Kidney Pills, the same thatMr. McCandles had the remedybacked by home testimony. 50c allstores. Foster-Milburn Co., Props.,Buffalo, N. Y. "When your back isLame Remember the Name."OUR BANKBurglars have a way of finding out the' house in whichmoney is hidden. That's the burglars' business.The man who hides his money in his house or elsewhereis always in great danger of losing both his MQNEY and hisLIFE.Hide your money in our bank, behind our thick wallsand strong locks and where men of known financial RESPONSIBILITY keep it SAFE for you.Make OUR bank YOUR bank.We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $i00.000.00.J. M. HALL, President.Surplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.Long before the white man set footupon American soil, the Indians usedthe Native Herbs of their country.Every spring and fall they would mixup large quantities and drink it.They kept healthy.The white man has used thesesame medicines in different forms formany years, but the true NativeHerbs have never until now beenbrought to a complete success.Brown's Native Herbs in Liquid Formbrings out all their true strength andvirtue, can be taken with ease byanyone as it tastes pleasant; has nobitter taste; acts gently and mildly onany system and is now recognized asthe most effectives herb medicine forChe absolute cure of all Liver, Kidney,Stomach and Bowel diseases. If youhave found it necessary to resort totablets and pills for years in order torelieve the lower bowel and have become disgusted and discouraged, geta large $1.00 bottle of Brown's NativeHerbs in Liquid Form, and see whata real pleasure it is to take medicinethat will do just what you want itto do. Brown's Native Herbs inLiquid Form are guaranteed for alldiseases of Blood, Rheumatism, Indigestion, Constipation, Gassy Condition of the Stomach, fullness aftereating, Liver Kidney and Boweltroubles, and that weak, tired, rundown, worn-out feeling. It's nature'stonic, a blood builder, a blood makerfor the young and old alike. Thiswonderful medicine is now for saleby all druggists. If your merchanthas not got it, have him order directfrom the jobber or the A. D. BROWNREMEDY CO., of Cincinnati, Ohio.93S32232$32X5yWe don' t expect ali our friends tobe customers, but all our customerswho useFOX RIDGE COALGROUND FEEDAND SANIPECTare our friends.Dodson & Peof oriJmLJw.I Yards, South Main StBoth Phones 140 &Mi2Cfel5:cSi iirm mil' i iiiiini iiiiii I ii-r iTfc.s.v irans uaomss ucanwg lo.Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your" clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c. "III!FOR RENT.' Cottage of three rooms and bath, onSeventh Street. Call Home Phone363 or E. T. Phone 579.FOR SALE.One 3-horse-power gas or gasolineengine. Will sell cheap. Apply toHENRY GROSCHE.Jy- ts'iv, :? j- swrzrrm- - Si"-r- " -w V 'ftiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCRY, JULY 24 1914DEMOCRATS,THE WRONG!Wipe Out the Stain Placed Upon the Democratic Party of Kentucky by These Four Traitors and Their Whiskey and Beer Trust BossestC4fcwmm9nw -"S?.. 5-'kS- - M- '4-,: r TIMcNUTTCHARLTONLILLARDMUELLEREight years ago the Democracy of Kentucky held a Primary Election to nominate a candidate for the United States Senate. More than 100,000Democrats participated in that primary. Governor Beckham received a majority of the votes, carrying 91 of the 119 counties in the state. The Legislaturewhich followed was Democratic in both branches, but Governor Beckham had enforced the law as to closing the saloons in Louisville on Sunday, and hadstood for the County Unit Law, thereby incurring the enmity of the Whiskey Trust and the Beer Trust, and they sought his defeat in the Legislature. Theabove four men, elected as Democrats, betrayed their trust and voted for the Republican candidate, W. O. Bradley, thereby electing him to the Senate.Will You Cast a Vote On August 1st to Endorse This Treachery? if not, Vote for, J. C. W. Beckham, and Right the Wrong Done Him and the Democratic PartypECKHAM OF KENTUCKYPersonal Characteristics and Remarkable Careerof the Most Popular Man In Kentucky TheCandidate Most Likely To Succeed the LateSenator Bradley As the Choice of the Democrats At the Primaries To Be Held August 1st(By C. P. Connolly, Staff writer Harper's Weekly.)MUMHM ilil i i1 II m I1 M 'tII i ii 'ii'ilr ' ' 'i n ' i i 'i i a M 'i "I fiJi i mi1 V1 ' iii ' iiM'ni Mli'M 1J. C. W. Beckham, of Kentucky, the man of the hour in this crucial year inKentucky Politics.This remarkable sketch concerning J. C. W. Beckham is reprintedfrom Harper's Weekly, the nationalweekly publication that is supporting President Woodrow Wilson andhis policies in the present administration at Washington.THE candidate most likely to succeed the late Senator Bradley asthe choice of the Democrats atthe primaries to be held August 1st, isJ. C. W. Beckham. Beckham was thechoice of the Democratic party sixyears ago, when a Democratic legislature elected the late William O'ConnellBradley, a Republican. There was amajority of eight Democrats in the legislature, but the Whiskey Ring controlled enough of these to defeat Beckham, and Bradley was elected.Kentucky is replete with romancelargely drawn on Kentucky for theirmaterial.In business adventure tliere wasJames B. Haggin, the mining magnate,who, peeved because of his failure ofelection to some petty office when ayoung man, emigrated to California,became fabulously rich, and returningin his old age to his old home at Lexington, established a great stock farmwhich is one of the show places ofKentucky. At Frankfort, thirty milesfrom Lexington, Henry Clay appearedas the attorney for Aaron Burr in hisfirst trial for treason, much to Clay'ssubsequent chagrin. Here, too, atLebanon, lived Proctor Knott, onetime governor of Kentucky, who delivered in Congress his famous parodyon Duluth. Mountaineers and valleymen have their feuds and wars, but atbottom there was usually some elemental instinct of justice. At Frankfort, the capital, in 1900, William Goe-Beckham, a mere stripling at the time,just past the age of eligibility for thegovernorship.The assassination of Goebel was theclimax of a great political contest. Notin modern American history anywherewas there a more heroic or tragicstruggle. That it left its sting is evidenced by the fact that it is difficultto wean a Kentuckian from his disrelish of the subject.Every one will remember how Goebel fought so valiantly against the politically entrenched Louisville & Nashville Railroad of how he was swornin as governor on his death, bed, anddied with words of pardon for his enemies on his lips.LroeDei, who was the pioneer progressive of the South he was thepioneer of railroad rate regulation inthe country was the most malignedand misunderstood character in American history. He fought his way bitterly through prejudices strong enoughto deter most men, and waged waragainst the old aristocracy of Kentucky and the Louisville & Naslivillerailroad ring at the same time.It was left to -Beckham, as the successor of Goebel, to smooth out thewrinkled front of this issue. He followed the even tenor of his way, neither compromising nor bullying, out doing all tilings with an even-temperedjustice which won the people of Kentucky, and reconciled the enemies ofGoebel.Beckham comes of gentle stock. Hismother has occupied the ExecutiveMansion at Frankfort both as daughter1 and mother of a. governor. An uncle.ex-Senator Yulee, of Florida, enteredBeckham in the Central University ati Richmond, Ky.; "but Senator Yuleej shortly afterwards dying, young Beck-ham, then seventeen, was compelled toleave college to look after the farmof his widowed mother. Meanwliile hetaught school.j Beckham did not falter in the poli' cies for which Goebel' was assussinatI ed. He got through the law advocatedj by Goebel, allowing the State RailroadCommission to regulate rates. Undernis administration Kentucky's newj capitol was built. He showed couragej in this. Otliers had recommended anew capitol, but no governor cared toput the .power ol his administration"behind it, because Louisville, on theone side, and Lexington, on the other,both coveted the honor of the capitol.He collected from the Federal Government an old war debt of $1,300,000.He secured legislation fixing a maximum price for school books. He essweeping over the feouth. Yet it wa3not in any spirit of crusading thatBeckham locked horns with the liquorinterests of Kentucky. It was ratherthe thing that fell in his way as apublic duty.The constitution of Kentucky, adopted some twenty-five years ago, contained a provision that required thelegislature to enact a law giving eachcounty of the state the right to voteitself "wet" or "dry." This constitutional provision, like the one that prohibits railroad passes, was honored inthe breach. Indeed, Kentucky legislators have been prone, in matters ofreform, to adopt the policy of the Vermont Fathers, who resolved "that thelaws of God and Connecticut be adopted until we have time to frame better." Beckham obeyed the Constitutionand recommended the enactment of alaw in conformity with it; but theliquor interests succeeded in. havingexempted the larger cities.Then there was a Sunday closingflaw on the statute books, which, wasopenly violated in the cities, notablyin Louisville. Beckham was appealedto, but he had no power to removederelict city officials, arid could makeonly a moral appeal to the mayor ofLouisville to enforce the law, whichwas unsuccessful.It so happened that shortly afterthis the Kentucky Court of Appealsdecided that the election of all of Louisville's officials had been procured byfraud. The offices were by the courtdeclared vacant, and the governor wasempowered to fill them by appointment. Beckham went over the headsof the party machine and appointeda mayor with the understanding thatthe Sunday closing law would be enforced. It was enforced and is enforced to-day.the polls, the liquor interests retreated to the legislature, and four Democratic legislators voted at the beck ofthe whiskey ring for a Republican.By agreeing to abandon the temperance cause for which, he had stood,Beckham could have won; but he refused to trade once more showinghis courage and his devotion to principle. In my opinion, gained after a journey last summer through Kentucky,that sacrifice of Beckham for a principle will make him the next UnitedStates senator from Kentucky as surely as it defeated him then. If thero isanything in political justice, if thereis any atonement for political wrongs,if a people are not ungrateful or indifferent, Beckham "will be rewarded.Not that he looks for reward. "Victory is not always the true test of anhonest and righteous cause," he saidin a public speech after his defeat in1908; "success may have its pleasures,but failure may have its honor."And let me add that, whether youbelieve in prohibition, or in the enforcement of the law, or whether youside with the liquor interests in Kentucky, the whiskey ring of that statehas exercised more political power oflate years in the state- than all othercorporations put together; and it isfar more violent and autocratic.Tf he should go to the senate, he willadd to the dignity and the worth ofthat body. He is one whom the country at large will welcome to the councils of the nation. No man in Kentucky is hardy enough to question hisintegrity. The charge has been madethat, since his return to the practiceof law, his law firm has acted as localattorneys for the Louisville & Nashville railroad. Whoever his client, heis of that type of lawyer whose con-First Popular Price Excnrsion of the SeasonTo Cincinnati and RetainSunday, July 26, 1914,$1 .50For the Round TripSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a. m.f returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m.Special Excursion Paris to Covington and return Thursday, July 30.Rate $1.50 for round trip. Epecialtrain leaves Paris 8:10 a. m., returning leaves Covington 10:15 p. m..i i a r,niu?oi nnil other IIttUU 6' ul jfcel was shot from ambush as he wasthprp ?r anvthinff native about litera f UC1 iture, it may account for the profesEinnai success of James Lane Allerabout to be declared the duly electedgovernor of the state. Out'of this last. ' J.nma iacliod tTl PSWPf nf J. O! TV ian of TnTin vnr. Jr.. who have both """ ..The "rectifiers" of Kentucky make j victions are not for sale with his serva product that is sold as whiskey, but ices. His popularity is based largelywhich is made up of various occult in-. upon his integrity, and he is the mostgredients. They were doing an im-' popular man in Kentucky,mense business in Kentucky, and pay-, ' "' mmm BMLow round trip Summer TouristJackets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, "Virginia,West Virginia, . Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colo-,rado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct. 31, "with very liberalstop-over privileges. For further information call on or addressJ. K. SMITH, T. A.orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.ing very little in taxes. Beckham, secured a law that taxed these "rectifiers" a cent and a quarter a gallon ontheir product. Also, he secured thepassage of a law prohibiting the shipping of liquor into "dry" territory; butthe Supreme Court of the UnitedStates held that this was unconstitutional, so far as it affected interstateshipments. The Louisville, man, therefore, could take his whiskey acrossthe river to Jeffersonville, Ind., andfrom there ship it to any point in Kentucky, wet or dry. The Webb law, later passed by Congress, is intended toremove these illicit accommodationsand stop the traffic.Beckham hardly had time to formulate his policies, after Goebel's death,when he was obliged to stand for an-.f other election. The politicians wereagainst him, but the people were withThe reason why Father knowsthese yarns about Heartless Corporations making money out of Child Labor are all rot is because once in awhile Father tries to bribe the children to help around the house.The more I examine the people Imeet every day, the more I rejoicethat I was not born a Cannibal.They say a woman's "No" means"Yes." But when Friend Wife says"No" to Friend Husband, you can betthe family jewels that she means"NO.'There is some human blood in adog. That's why he will run twice asfast to catch a rabbit as he will- tocatch a wolf.mrtaaanii imiarottsjQtesoe8(NIGHTSANDtablished two normal schools, and he him' and he received the votes of 700 !lengthened the school term in the out OI tne 900 delegates.country districts from five to sixmonths.But it was in a bitter struggle forthe supremacy of the law that Beckham ran against Judge Ben Lindsey's"Beast." He believes that the lawshould keep pace with the growthof public sentiment, and that whenenacted it should be enforced.It was in the palmy days of MarkHanna, and that astute leader, underwhose auspices Kentucky had goneRepublican in 1896, believed Beckhamfcould be beaten. The Republicans,therefore, put up their best man andttheir stoutest purse, but Beckham wonby nearly 4,000 votes. Three years"later there was no opposition to hisThe South, topographically the most ' nomination, and he carried the Statebeautiful section of the country, has i uy 27,000 plurality,had its hurts and its heart-aches, Towards the end of his second termwhich it has borne without sentimental as governor, Beckham, in 1906, becameappeal, and with heroic soul. Its peo- a candidate for the United States Senpie are grappling with everything that ate. His candidacy aroused intensestands in the present way of its wel- feeling in the camp of the liquor infare. One of these evils is the liquor terests. In the primary election fortraffic, which has been peculiarly the senatorship, in 1907, with the comwretched and sinister in its effects on bined opposition of the party machinethe South. t and the daily newspapers in Louis-If you travel through certain por- ville, Lexington, Covington and Newtions of the South, you will rarely pick port, the four largest cities in theup a local paper which does not btate, Beckham carried 91 counties idescant on some tragedy that can be out of 119 in the State, with the liqtraced, directly or remotely, to strong, uor interests furnishing a plethoricdrink. So the anti-liquor crusade is purse toward his defeat. Beaten jitBLUE GRASS FAIR,Incorporated)LEXINGTON. KY.,AUGUST 3 TO 8, 1914.$20,000 IN PREMIUMS $20,000HERBERT A. KLINE SHOWS -25 Special Cars 300 People.THAVIN'S BAND AND CONCERT CO. 45 High Class Artists.GRAND OPERA SINGERS.RAG-TIME SINGERS.TANGO' DANCERS. "'Harness Races and Running Races Daily.BIGGEST AND BEST FAIR IN THE ''MIDDLE WEST. jLEXINGTON IS THE CAPITAL OF THEHORSE WORLD.All the Champions Will Be Here. ,For Entry Blanks or Information addressJOHN W. BAIN, Secretary.(15-22-29jy-3t) Lexington, Ky.MU VA. 7V wj -,9CTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, JUIY 24. 1914t1915PREPARE NOWFor Your Winter Needs in1915txWaSESZSS2.tX!ixxffiuCrCW WAIT!THE 1915 MODELWith Forty-Three New Features, Is Out.PRICES ARE LOWER!1. Longer hood, giving more grace 22. Adjustable choker on carburetor,to the line. s operated from instrument board.2. Hood built with flush type hinges 23. Improved accelerator.of very, large proportions, adding 24. Starting lever mounted on genstrength, erator base.3. Hood assembled with no solder, 25. Shield over carburetor intake topemitting finish to be hard baked. prevent gathering dirt.4. Improved hood fasteners. 26. Improved filler cap on storage5. Hood locked to prevent lifting at battery, cells very heavy, muchhinge. more elastic.6. Radiator all one piece, oval 27. piston inch longer on C-24pressed steel front. and C-25; 1 inch longer on C-36,7. O-G curve in cowl. C-37 and C-55.S. Improved head lamps, no side 28. Pistons fitted with three rings inlamps. each groove.9. Drop forge, single post ventilat- 29. Pistons equipped with oil retaining wind shield. er for wrist pin lubricaton.10. One piece housing on steering 30. Rear springs increased in length,gear. 31. Flush side doors, (no molding to11. Self lubricating bushing in top crack open.)and bottom of steering gear shaft. 32. Improved tire irons.12. All wiring inclosed in flexible 33. Increased carrying space in rearconduit. of C-36.13. Improved switch mounted on in- 34. Side and top doors covered,strument board. 35. Sliding gears on starter brass14. Improved electric horn mounted bushed to prevent sticking,under hood. 36. Rratchet clutch on generator15. Improved ignition with oil mount- (non-slipping.)ed on generator. 37. Automatic spark adjustment.16. Combination cowl and trouble 38. Side members on C-55 increasedlamp. in strength to care for new spring17. Improved tail lamp with license suspension.bracket. . 39. C-55 made closer to ground.18. Combination bonding iron and 40. Radiator splash pan on C-55.license bracket on front lamp. 41. Front fender splash guard made19. Fan near radiator with wide flat fast to side members on allbelt and adjustable bracket. Models.20. Fenders all smooth, no rivets 42. Oval lens on C-55 head light, andshowing. , several other inmprovements.21. All exposed screws copper plat- c 43. Stewart-Warner Vacuum gasoed (no rust.) line feed.Model C-24 Roadster $900Model C-25 Touring Car $950Model C-36 Roadster $1,1 S5Model C-37 Touring Car.. $1,235Model C-38 Cabriolet -, $ 1 ,600Model C-55 Six-Cylinder $1,650F. O. B. Flint, Mich.PRICHARDSBALLDISTRIBUTORS FORBOURBON, HARRISON, NICHOLAS AND ROBERTSON COUNTIES II9I5 I9I5........... a,SHOESBy buying now you will ave money, because wehave to close out in sixty days the entire stock of Geo,McWilliams. Heavy weight as well as light weightshoes are nbw being offered at less than factory prices.Your saving is from $1 00 to $3.50 by taking advantage of these reductions.Reductions on Heavy Weight Shoes, Light WeightShoes and Oxfords, Ladies' Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps.Gold Seal Rubber Boots.Witch Elk Hunting Shoes. ,Men's, Women's and Children's Rubbers.Hanan and Nettleton Shoes and Oxfords.McWilliams Special Shoes and Oxfords. .Regral Shoes and Oxfords.eCr9mSorosis Women's Shoes and Oxfords, gMcWilliams Special Women's Shoes 5and Oxfords. JMisses' Shoes and Oxfords. fNothing ReservedEvery pair of shoes in the store is reduced inprice. Plenty of sizes and widths to fit any feet.Bourbon Bank & Trust Co.Receivers of Geo. McWilliams.1wWWWVDEATHS.KUYKENDALL.The one-year-old son of Mrs. Annie Kuykeendall died at the home ofits mother, at the L. & N. sectionhouse on the Clintonville pike, Tuesday, of entero-colitis. The body wasburied at the Clay burial ground onthe Winchester pike.METZGER.Mrs. Elizabeth Metzger, wife ofMr. Max Metzger, a well-known concrete contractor in charge of the L &N. bridge work, died at her home onParrish Avenue, in this city, Wednesday at 12:30 following a protractedillness. She is survived by her husband, three sons, Nelson, Floyd andHenry Metzger, and one daughter,Miss Nancy Metzger.The body will be taken on the noontrain to-day to Carlisle for interment.SAUER.Laura Evelyn Sauer, aged twentythree months, the little daughter ofMr. and Mrs. William Sauer, of nearthis city, died Wednesday morning atthe home of her uncle, Dr. G. L. Rankin, on Walker Avenue. The babywas taken sick about four weeks agoat Dr. Rankin's home, from an attackof colitis, from which she never rallied. Her mother, who was Miss Tillie Gaper, is also ill at Dr. Rankinghome.The funeral services were held atthe residence of Dr. Rankin yesterdayafternoon at 3:30 o'clock, conducted,by Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive. Burial atthe Paris cemetery. The pall-bearerswere Bryant Doty, Ussery Wilder,Robert Hall and Robert Lavin.CLARKEDr. Charles Jordan Clarke, aged69 years, one of the best known druggists in Central Kentucky, and one ofthe most popular citizens of Paris,died Wednesday morning about 11:30at his home on Stoner Avenue, afteran illness of several weeks from anervous breakdown. Dr. Clarke cameto Paris from Louisville in 1882, andserved as prescriptionist for the drugfirm of Davis & Lyle. Later he formed a partnership with the late Mr.Allen Lary, and after his death, continued the drug business with greatsuccess," his thorough knowledge ofdrugs and medicines and his uniformcourtesy and sympathy winning forhim the confidence and esteem of theentire community, few men being regarded with greater love and respectby all classes of people.Dr. Clarke's father was JordanClarke, who was Clerk of the CircuitCourt in Louisville for many years.His grandfather on his mother's sidewas Hon. William Logan, who was aUnited States Senator and Speaker ofthe House, and his greatgrandfatherwas Benjamine Logan, one of the pioneers of Kentucky who figured atBoonesboro, and was contemporary ofGeorge Rogers Clarke. Dr. Clarkewas also related to one branch of theBreckinridge family. He was astaunch member of the MethodistChurch, and. also of Coeur de Lion"Commandery, No. 26, Knights Templar. But perhaps no cause was dearerto his heart than the Confederate Veterans. No gathering of old comradeswas complete without him, and he wastrue to the cause for which he foughtin most of the principal battles of thewar. He belonged to the OrphanBrigade, and was a member of theSixth Kentucky Infantry, under hisbrother, Colonel William Clarke.He is survived by his wife and onedaughter, Mrs. Scott Meredith, of Virginia; the death of his only son, William Clarke, occurred several yearsago, and was a blow from which henever seemed to recover.The funeral will take, place to-morrowafternon at 4:30 at Methodistchurch. Services will to conducted byhis pastor, Rev. J. S. Sims,-and Rev..Dr. J. L. Clarke, of Winchester. TheMasons will have charge of the services at the grave in the Paris Cemetery. The active pall-bearers will beJames McClure, F. P. Lowry, SteeleMarsh, Hugh Alexander, E. M. Dickson, Dr. M. H. Dailey, H. A. Powerand Dr. W. T. Brooks, and the honorary pall-bearers selected are Dr. SilasEvans, Dr. Frank Fithian, Dr. J. T.Brown, Dr. A. H. Keller, Dr. WilliamKenuey, Buckner Woodford, Sr., Captain James Rogers and Gano Hildreth.RELGQUS.Rev. J. S. Sims, pastor, will occupy his pulpit a the MethodistChurch, Sunday morning at 10:45 andat night at 7:45; Sunday School at9:30; Epworth League at 7 o'clock.Subject, "The Call of God to Man."Leader, Mrs. H. A. Power. The public is invited to all the above servicesFLORAL AGENTCut Flowers for Weddings, Funerals, etc., gotten on short notice.JO. S. VARDEN, Agent.HAIR ALThe Columbia Today."Ashes of the Past," intwo parts,(Reliance) a stirring motion picture story of the trials and tribulations of a young married couple fromthe East in the wild and wooly West.A rousing Keystone comedy wflialso be shown, entitled, "When Villains Meet."The third episode of "The MillionDollar Mystery" will be shown onWednesday, July 29.A PROMPT AND SATISFACTORY SETTLEMENT.Wte take this method of thankingMr. Roxie Davis, agent for the OldColony Insurance Co., for the promptand .satisfactory settlement made withus o'ri the loss of our automobile byfire. We had $700 insurance. Mr.Davis adjusted the matter to our entire satisfaction by tendering us acheck yesterday for $600, and givingus the wrecked machine. We heartily recommend Mr. Davis and thecompany lie represents to the publicfor prompt and satisfactory settlements. Respectfully,WALTER MARTIN.ERNEST MARTIN.FIRELESS COOKERLEMONSTRATION.FUND FOR TRAINING SCHOOL.Prof. F. C. Button, Supervisor ofRural Schools of Kentucky, has written Miss Mabel Robbins, of Paris,County Superintendent of Schools, enclosing a letter from James H. Dillard, Secretary of the Jeannes Fund,stating that an appropriation of $500had been made for the ensuing yearto aid in the establishment of aTraining School for colored studentsat Little Rock, this county.The Jeannes Fund was left by awealthy colored woman in the Southto establish training schools for colored pupils in each, of the SouthernStates, including Kentucky.Miss Robbins made application forthe fund last year, and several weeksago, after a trip to Little Rock, accompanied by Prof. Button, decidedthat it would be theproper thing togive the colored people of that sectionthe benefit of the fund, and the appropriation will be continued for threesuccessive years.SPECIAL" JULY CLEARING SALE.White Crepe and Voile Dresses,long tunics, regular $7.50 and $8.50values, at $3.98.HARRY SIMON.BOTH ELECTIONS GRANTED.County Judge W. O. Chenault, ofMt. Sterling, has granted a local option election to both, ttie "wets" andthe "drys." - The petition asking foran election in three wards in the city,September 26, was granted to the"wets," and the one - filed by the"drys," calling for an election In thecounty September 28, was also granted. There is considerable speculation as to the outcome of the twoelections.FIRST BURGLAR IN TEN YEARS.There will be a lady to demonstratethe Fireless Cooker at our store today. . Something good to eat.. A. F. WHEELER & CO.For the first time in ten years thetown of Houstonville, in the west endof Lincoln County, was visited by burglars Wednesday night. The safe ofthe Houstonville Milling Companywas blown with dynamite and $14 andsome checks secured. Bloodhoundstook the trail at once, which led tothe Cincinnati Southern railroad, fourmiles away, where it is beleved therobbers caught a freight.A,- "v-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY. 24; 1914;jJfflM&H?4HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEFIRELESS COOKERThere will be a lady todemonstrate the FirelessCooker at our furniture store,?n Paris, today. Somethinggood to eat Read ad. onpage 7.A. P. WHEELER & CO.,-f t opp. Conrt House.SOCIAL AND PERSONALATENTION, KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.All members of Couer de Lion Com-rnandery No. 26, Knights Templar,are requested to meet at the Asylum,jl 4 o'clock, this (Friday) afternoon,n full uniform, to attend the funeralof Sir Knight Dr. Chas. J. Clarke.Ii. M. STUART,Eminent Commander.FLOWERS.Cut Flowers, Funeral Designs, &c.JO. S. VARDEN, Agent."AIN'T IT THE TRUTH?""The Paris, Ky., papers are waginga war for better babies. From allreports, there ' are too many "warmuabies" at Paris now." CynthianaDemocrat.MASONIC MEETING.A called convocation of Paris Chapter No. 15, Royal Arch Masons, Paris,Kv, will be held on Friday, the 24thday of July, 1914, at 7:30 o'clock p.u Work in Royal Arch degree.N. H. RION, H. P.JOE. H. EWALT, Sect.SPECIAL JULY CLEARING SALE.$1.50 Pecay Skirts, long tunics, at9Sc; $2.00 Skirts, long tunics, at ?1.25.HARRY SIMON.ACQUITTED OF LUNACY CHARGEOscar Herrington, a middle-agedwhite man residing with his familyon the farm of Mrs. P. If. Dimmitt,near Millersburg, was tried before ajury in County Judge McMillan'sCourt, Wednesday, on a lunacy chargeand was acquitted, the jury being outa few moments. Herrington was arrested on a warrant sworn out by relatives, who said he had been actingqueerly. He was acquitted on thestrength of his own testimony.SPECIAL SALE OF WAISTS.S1.50 Waists at 98c; ?2.00 Waistsat $1.25; $3.00 Waists at $1.98; $3.50Waists at $2.48; $6.00 and $7.50Waists at 3.75.HARRY SIMON:Appointed administrator.Judge Denis Dundon has been appointed by County Judge Chas. A.AfcMillan as administrator of the estate of Thos. P. Horan, of Centerville,who died at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, last week. Theestate, which consists of some realestate and a blacksmith and woodworking shop, at Centerville will beinherited by Mr. Horan's son, Mr. Jas.T. Horan.FIRELESS COOKERDEMONSTRATION.There Avill be a lady to demonstratethe Fireless Cooker at our store today. Something good to eat.A. F. WHEELER & CO.GREAT JULY CLEARANCE SALE.Now going on.HARRY SIMON.MISS FISHER RESIGNS POSITIONMiss Elizabeth Fisher, who has oc-icupied the position or acui i -FourthGrade in the Pans CitySchools, to which she was recently re., ,..;! ,. i0rAd her resignation,and irill accept a similar pos.t .on :Uithe public scnoois ur xu"7'Tenn. Miss Fisher is the daughterof Air. John I. Fisher, and has madea creditable record as a teacher.STOCKHOLDERS RATIFY MERGEROF DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANK.At a meeting of the stockholders ofthe Deposit and the Peoples banks ofthis city, the merger of the two institutions, which was consummatedsome time ago, was ratifledL Themeeting was held at the DepositBank building. daTlJlthe two banks as well as the workingforces of each, will be consolidatedand the business transferred to theDeposit Bank building under the in?nni name of "The Deposit andPonnipc- Bank." Mr. Silas E. ilea- ncHnn in Paducah. wherefordof the Peoples' Bank will be tne Q gocial settlement work,new President of th anftni" taurine the recent meeting of the Gen-. .- j-r QIIPI'I IVr, iIAV"""W 7 I- . TTT 7-. fVlllttC CI 1cnange DecumcaMiss Elizabeth Mann is convalescing from a recent illness.Mrs. Charlton Alexander has returned from a visit in "Versailles.Mr. Harry Dane, of New York, isvisiting Mr. Hope Wiedemann.Misses Marguerite and Mary Doyleare visiting friends in Lexington.Miss Elizabeth Tarr is a guest ofMiss Ruth Pinnell, in Winchester.Mrs. W. O. Chambers and children are visiting friends in London,Ky.Miss Helen Lafferty, of Cynthiana, was a guest of friends in thiscity this week.Rev. and Mrs. J. T. Sharrard havereturned from a visit to relatives inHarrison County.Mrs. Marguerite McLaughlin, ofLexington, is a guest of her sister,Mrs. T. A. Higgins.Mrs. Harry B. Clay was a guestthis week of her cousin, Mrs. FrankJ. Cheek, in Danville.Mrs. C. S. Ball-"1 is entertainingMiss Virginia Ranshaw, at her country home near this city.Mrs. Jos. Jossellson is visitingher parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. L.Friedman, in Cincinnati.Mrs. James George and Mr. Robert George, of Carlisle, were guests ofParis relatives this week.Miss Mary Adams Talbott willentertain with a dance at the MasonicTemple to-morrow night.Miss Nell Bedford Speakes, ofthis city, is a guest of her aunt, Mrs.G. C. Henry, in 'Lexington.Miss Kathleen Osborne, of Cynthiana, is a guest of Miss HelenDesha, on Mt. Airy Avenue.Mrs. Ulie Howard, of Covington,is a guest of her mother, Mrs. BelleBrent Alexander, on South MainStreet.Mr. and Mrs. Taylor Chandlerhave moved to Livingston, Ky., whereMr. Chandler is employed in the L..&N. service.Mr. Preston White and Miss AlmaLouise. White .are .visiting .theirgrandfather, Mr. W. O. Brock, inWinchester.Mr. L. B. Purnell is on an extended business trip in the mountaintier of counties in the interest of theParis Milling 'Co.Miss Margaret Wills, of Winchester, was a guest of her cousin, MissMary Mitchell Clay, for the danceWednesday night.Mrs. W. E. Ballenger and sons,who have been guests of Mrs. OssianEdwards, have returned to their homein West Point, Ky.Mrs. Fay Ardery and little son,Fay Ardery, Jr., have returned froma visit to her mother, Mrs. Long Finnell, in Georgetown.Misses Ellen Bush and NettieLou Banks, of Winchester, and GraceRitchie, of Nicholasville, are guestsof Miss Jessie Mae Ockerman.State Game Warden Geo. M. Hillleft Tuesday on a still hunt for violators of the game and fish laws in theneighborhood of Harrodsburg.Mrs. Ella Isgrigg, of East Paris,is in a critical condition from theeffects of a second stroke of paralysis,which she sustained last week.Mr. Jas. D. Chambers, formerlyof Paris, and now a practicing attorney in St. Louis, is here on a visit tohis mother, Mrs. Kate Chamoers.Mrs. Lucy Harvey and daughter,Miss Christine Harvey, of Carlisle,am visitinsr friends and relatives inParis and Bourbon county this week.Mrs. Linn Lail and little daughtpr who have been guests of Mrs. S.M. Wilmoth and family, on HoustonAvenue, have returned to their homein Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. L. W., Camery andson have gone to Grand Rapids,Mich", where they will remain duringthe remainder of the summer on apleasure trip.Mrs. John A. Gilkey's guest, MissAda Kash, of Chanute, Kansas, leftWednesday for a visit to friends inChattanooga, Tenn., before returningto her home.Messrs. Prentice Lancaster, Forrest Letton, Jr., and Preston Whitehave joined the Y. M. C. A. representatives at Camp Daniel Boone on theKentucky River.Miss Mary Kenney Webber andMiss Nancy Belle Fisher, of near thiscity, are members of a house partywhich is being entertained by MissElizabeth Erdman, of Lexington.Misses Hallie Eads, of Lexington,and Sarah and Edith Maloney, ofCynthiana, have returned to theirhomes after a visit to their uncle andaunt, Mr. and Mrs. Davis Stevens.Mr. and Mrs. William Ardery enttn;n0ri tboir home Monday wTitha dancing party in honor of theirguest, Miss Breckinridge, of Missouri.A select number of guests enjoyedthe 'dance. Refreshments of ices andcakes were served.Miss Nell Whaley, of this city,who has been one of the teachingstaff of the Mt. Sterling Public Schoolfor several years, will be with theMidway Orphan School, at Midway,next season, having accepted the position of teacher of Latin.Miss Josephine Hayden has ac-Clay, John Price, Duke Brown andJoe Davis.Mrs. Leer Stout is a guest offriends in Louisville.Miss Ettavieve Foote is visitingfriends in Winchester.Mayor Phillips, of Georgetown,was a visitor in Paris, Wednesday, ona business mission.Master A. T. Rice, of Paris, is aguest of the family of his uncle, Mr.Z. T. Rice, near Richmond.Mrs. A. J. Winters is visiting herniece, Mrs. L. K. Frankel, of Aylesford, Place, Lexington, Ky.Miss Frances Champe left yesterday for Henderson, Ky., where shewill be the guest of Miss Lucille Roberts. Mr. Wallace Clark and Mr. HarryBrent Fithian have gone to OilSprings, in Clark County, to spendtheir vacation.Miss Elizabeth Tarr, of Paris, wasthe guest of honor at an entertainment given by Miss Ruth Pinnell, ather home near Winchester, Wednesday evening.Messrs. George Fitzgertald, Robt.Hoeflich and Cecil Sharp, of Maysville, attended the Girls' Dance atthe Masonic Temple, in this city,Wednesday night.Miss Hazel Duvall, of Paris, whois visiting in Richmond, was a guestof honor at a dinner given by MissFredda Powers in that city, lastThursday. On Friday night she was amember of an Alhambra party givenby the Misses Roark.The dance given at the MasonicTemple, Wednesday evening by theGirls' Dancing Club', was one of themost enjoyable society events of themid-summer season. A large numberof visitors from outside towns participated in the pleasures of the evening. The music was furnished by theGoodwin Saxaphone Sextette. Thedance began at 9:30 and continueduntil 4 a. m with an hour's intervalfor lunch, which was served at thehall. The guests of the evening were:Misses Mary H. Tutt, (Nicholasville) Belle Cromwell, Martha TomLebus (Cynthiana), Cicily Bonon,Catherine Bohon, (Versailles; AnnMolloy, Genevieve Molloy, Miss Osborne, (Lexington); Margaret Wills,(Nicholasville) ; Margaret Wills,(Winchester) ; Miss Breckinridge,(St. Louis); Martha Shelby, (Danville); Elizabeth Brown, ElizabethHinton, Elizabeth Crutcher, AnnaWilson, Louise Steele, Katherine Wilson, Catherine Marsh, Marie Talbott,Mary M. Clay, Frances Clay, Ann Embry Nell Crutcher, Frances Champe,Matilda James, Mary A. Talbott, Caroline Roseberry, Mary Fithian Hutchcraft, Martha Petree, Margaret Fer:guson; Martha Miller; Messrs. Calvert Early, Cecil Sharpe, Geo. Fitzgerald, Thos. Keith, (Maysville);William Landsberg, Raymond Schobert, Thos. Roche, Bithel Murray,Will Hughes, (Versailles); J. R.Hughes, Will Walton, Carroll Dale, G.B Higgins, J. W. Morrow, Thos. Walker Jr., Prentice Slade, Jack Irvin,Louis DesCognets, Sheridan Nooe,Bryan Bailey, (Lexington); GroverShropshire, Ed. Cantrill, W. W. Ward,Jack Payne, (Georgetown) ; TomPrichard, Blair Varden, Duke Brown,Lucien Arnsparger, Joe Davis, Ireland Davis, Doug Clay, Hiram Roseberry, Harmon Turner, Sid Ardery,Will Talbott, John Stuart, JohnPrice, Frank Sledd, Robt. Jones, G.C. Thompson, Jas. Darnaby, GrahamYoung, J. W. Young, Harry Horton,John Ardery, Maurice Burnaw, EdgarVansant, Roy Batterton, StanleyYoung, Stanley Lickerson, JohnKreiner, William Taylor, ErnestBehler, Charlton Clay.The chaperones were Mr. and Mrs.Chas. Fithian, Mr. and Mrs. Lebus,(Cynthiana); Mrs. Frank Clay, Mrs.Robert Talbott, Mr. and Mrs. SwiftChampe, Mrs. Mollie James, Mrs. Barnett, Mrs. James Wilson, Mr. MarthaPetree, Mrs. Embry, Mrs. H. C. Howard. (Other Personals on Page 8.)ANNOUNCEMENTS.KODAKftps?M'iVl&s.ffiSliLjm&',Rg"August 3.FLORAL AGENT.Phone your orders for flowers toi-none yu g VARDENf Agent.STEAM R0LLERhG0E8hThe big steam roller being employed to tnerecoBtructlon work on MainIn en golfed Tuesday afternoon whenis partly sank through the street infront of Brower & Johnson's cafe.The engineer discovered his dangerwhenjlfe front end of f e acnesuddenly sank almost out of sight,Ind applying a full head of steam heana applying , . . ,, machine outsucceeded in uauwus "" - ,i,of danerer The accident was causedor aanger. A11, .. QQ. ,vv,prA aby, a soft place in luc o --cave-in occurr-A when the presentsewS system on Main Street was beerar Federation of Women's Clubs, atChicago, the Paducah representativeswere so pleased that they began negotiations which resulted m MissHayden accepting the position,Mr. Paul Hanley, the well-knowncafe man, was tendered a surprisedinner Tuesday, at his home on Mt.Airy the occasion being the celebration 'of the 37th anniversary of hisbirth. The guests preaeut ""a tvavo TPanl Hanlev. Mr. Ed. Slat-tery, Mr. Jere Peterson, Misses Winnie Hanley and iviarceiui nyau.Miss Katherine Marsh entertained in a most delightful manner Tuesday with a dinner party in compliment to Miss Martha Shelby, of Danville The dinner was served in fourcourses. Dancing was indulged in following the dinner. The guests were:Misses Martha- Shelby, KatherineMarsh, Elizabeth Brown, LouiseSteele, Anna Wilson and PatsyClark; Messrs. Tom Prichard, Hirammoseberry, Ireland uavis, -uougiasWe are authorized to announce Hon.C. VL Thomas as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Congressman at the August primary, to beheld in this coun,ty on Saturday,August 1, 1914.RESURFACING WORK ADVANCEDWork on the resurfacing of Mainstreet has been advancing at a rapidgait this week, and the workmen arenow tearing up the old surfacing asfar as Fifth street. This work willde completed by the first of nextweek, whqn the bitulithic surfacingwill be put down, and the steam roller will do the rest.FOR SALE.A No. 1 Blue Flame Oil Cook Stove.Good as new. Will sell cheap.HOME PHONE N0.64.FOUND.On Main Street, near Twelfth, apair of eye glasses. Owner can obtain same by calling at Bourbon Newsoffice, proving property and payingadvertising charges.Paris GreenBear in mind that theway to make a little poison go a long way is tohave it early.Have You Paris Greenon Hand When theTobacco WormsCome?Be waiting for themgive them a green reception. We have the Pf eiffer Potato Bug Brand,the best green you canpossibly buy.i Our price is right.Peoples PharmacyPARIS, KY.5 Doyle Euildin g8th and Main.( "Watch Our Windows.":W. Ed Tucker'sBIGSiimeisleaiaieSateBegins Monday, July 6th,Ends Saturday, July 18th.Two Weeks of Bargain Giving. Don't Miss It.W. Ed Tucker.,?Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store. If?Em-0!&t'l -Tjggp!''..JlHCJeswn mJ m WEHT9EB SPE8I1LSix' Iced Tea Glasses,. Six Iced Tea Spoonsand Six CoastersALL FOR$4.50C. O. HINTONRJ--t K'rv"VjVw fc'JLET THECHILDRENKODAKThey will enjoytaking picturesthe simple, easyKodak Way.You will be gladto have a picturestory of vacationdaysKODAKS, $5.00 up.BROWNIE CAMERAS, they worktike Kodaks, $1.00 to $12.00.4THE J. T. H1INT0N CO.REMARKABLEAndTo Be RememberedREDUCTIONSOINIIPorch Swings, . ?Porcri Chairs,Lawn Svings,. Lawn Benches,Hammocks,i. . fefe ':-. Porch Shadesi35 -t &TK. "T . ' -AND REFRIGERATORSi"lATTfo prices on tlpLese goods are ridicu.lotisly low, arid are made for CASHONIvY. Charged at regular prices. Seevindows.DaughertyBros.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36 .Undertaking Ambulance Wood MantelsIing built some year &"y-'..n :THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KV.f JULY 24 1914K NMaster's Sale.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Wary S. Weathers, &c, - PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sale.J. F .Cook & Co., &c, - DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentof tlie Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the above styled action at theJune term. 1914, of the Bourbon Circuit Court, the undersigned Master-Commissioner will sell at Public Auction to the highest and best bidder atthe Court House door, in the city ofParis, Ky., onMONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1914.at about the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,the following described property:The undivided one-eighth interestof the defendant, Claude Weathers, inremainder subject to the life " estatejof his mother, Mrs. Mary S. Weathers,in a tract of about 70 acres of landowned by Mrs. Mary S. Weathers forJife, with remainder to her children,located in Bourbon County, Kentucky,on the Paris and Clintonville turnpike, adjoining the C. Alexander estate and B. P. Stipp. Said tract of70 acres consists of 55 acres of landconveyed to the said Mary S. Weathers by her father, John Stipp, bydeed of record in the office of theClerk of the Bourbon County Court inDeed Book 71, page 275, and the remaining 15 acres was devised to herby the will of her father, John Stipp,recorded in the office of said Clerk,an Will Book U, page 97, to which willreference is made.Said sale will be made to satisfy aJudgment of the plaintiff, ElizabethJameson, for the sum of 600.00, withinterest from January, 14, 1903, untilpaid, subject to the following credits:136.00, February 2, 1914.$36.00, March 25, 1905.$164.00, February 12, 1906.$36.00, February 12, 1906.$26.00, March 7, 1907.$100.00, March 7, 1907.$8.07, October 1,-1907.$21.00, March 1, 1908.$21.00, April 14, 1909.And the further judgment of Mrs.Mary S. Weathers to repay her theabove set out credits as paid by her-as surety, to Mrs. Jameson. Saidpayments bearing interest from thedate of each payment until paid andthe further judgment of Smith Watiins Co., for $146.10, with interestfrom the 31st day of August, 1914, until paid and $8.85 costs. Said debt being subject to the following credits:$11.00, February 9, 1905.$20.00, April 8, 1905.$5.00, July 5, 1905.$5.00, October 30, 1905.$5.00, December 28, 1905.$10.00, January 13, 1906.Said lien of Smith-Watkins Co., issuperior to all other liens except theabove set out liens in favor of Mrs.Elizabeth Jameson and Mrs. Mary S.Weathers. And the further judgment of J. "P. Cook & Co., for $690.00with interest from April 12, 1906, until paid and $8.60 costs subject to thefollowing credits:$20.00, March 19, 1906.$4.15, November 21, 1906.$20.00, March 28, 1907.$16.25, April 16th, 1907.$20.00, July 19,1907.$12.00, November 8, 1907.$14.00, February 8, 1908.Together with the costs of this action, amounting to $ .Said sale will be made upon acredit of six and twelve months for-equal parts of the purchase money,the purchaser being required to execute bond for equal installments ofthe purchase price, with good suretyto be approved by the Master Commissioner, bearing .interest at the rateof 6 per cent, per annum from date ofsale until paid, and payable to caidCommissioner, and to have the forceand effect of a judgment.c. a. McMillan,(julyl7-24-31) M. C. B. C. C.M. P. Kenney Auct.Master's Sale!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Cordelia Clark, et al, - - PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sa'.:e.William Rice and John Rice,DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the above styled action at theJune term, 1914, of the Bourbon Circuit Court, the undersigned MasterCommissioner will sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder atthe Court House door in the City ofParis, Ky., onMONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1914,-at about the hour of 11 o'clock, a. m.,the following described property:A certain lot of land in the countyaforesaid designated on the plat ofIke lands of said Samuel H. Clay,laid off into lots as Lot No. 84, saidjpl&t of lands known as Claysville,reference being had to said platrecorded with the deed, from saidSamuel H. Clay to Jackson Moore, ofcolor, together with the premises beloaging or appertaining thereto.Said sale will be made upon a credit of six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase money, the pur--ckaserbeing required to execute bondSmc equal parts of the purchase price-with good surety to be approved bythe Master Commissioner and payableto said Commissioner, bearing interest at the rate of 6 per cent, per anwn from date of sale until paid, orthe purchaser, may at his option, paythe purchaes price any time beforematurity of said bonds by paying theprincipal and interest due to the dateof payment, and to have the force andeffect of a judgment, or the purchaserjMiy pay the purchase price at anytime "before maturity.c. a. McMillan,julyl7-24-31) .. . M. C. B. C. C.JC. F, Kenney uct.Master's Sale.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Mary Spencer and Levi Spencer,her husband, pearl Patton andJim Patton, her husband, TomDuffey, Amanda Stars andJohn Stars, her husband,PlaintiffsVs Notice of Sale.Louise Harden, an Infant Underthe Age of 14 Years, Lewis Williams and Emmett Reed,DefendantsUnder and by virtue of- a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court rendered in the above styled action at theJune term, 1914, of the Bourbon Circuit Court, the undersigned MasterCommissioner will sell at Public Auction to the highest and best bidderat the Court House door, in the Cityof Paris, Ky., onMONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1914,at about the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,the following described property:All that tract of land in BourbonCounty, Ky., in Claysville, a suburbof the City of Paris, and described ona plat of the suburb of Claysville, ofrecord in the office of the BourbonCounty Court Clerk, and known anddesignated at No. 102. Said lot fronting 50 feet on Watson Street and running back between parallel lines ofequal width 190 feet, and being thesame property conveyed to Ike Duffyby the Master Commissioner of theBourbon Circuit Court and of recordin the office of the Clerk of theBourbon County Court, Deed Book 70,page 58.Said sale will be made upon a credit of six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase money, the purchaser being required to executebond for equal installments of thepurchase price, with good surety, tobe approved by the Master Commissioner, payable to the said Commissioner, bearing interest at the rate of6 per cent, per annum from date ofsale until paid, or purchaser may havethe privilege of paying cash, shouldhe so desire, and to have the forceand effect of a judgment.c. a. McMillan,(julyl7-24-31)M. P. Kenney Auct.M. C. B. C. C.Master's Sale.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.South Strong, .... PlaintiffVs Notice of Sale.Susie Watkins, Admrx. of JohnWatkins, deceased, A. W. Cott'ngham ,Tom Watkins and Susie Watkins, - - - DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the above styled action at theJune term, 1914, of the Bourbon Circuit Court, the undersigned MasterCommissioner will sell at Public Auction to the highest and best bidder, atthe Court House door in the City ofParis, Ky., onMONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1914,at about the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,the following described property:A certain lot of land situated in theCity of Paris, Bourbon County, Kentucky,-and designated as Lot No. 14,on the plat of the Fair Grounds Addition to the City of Paris, Kentuckjr.Said lot fronts 50 feet on Brent Streetand runs back of the same width asthe front of the L. & N. RailroadCompany, the North line of the samebeing 96 feet in length, the South lineof the same being 98.3 feet in lengthand is the same property conveyedto J. H. Watkins by Holt Henry, &c,by deed dated July 29, 1911, and recorded in County Court, in Deed Book98, page 362.Said sale will be made to satisfy ajudgment of the plaintiff, SouthStrong, for the sum of $200.00, withinterest from March 18, 1912, and$4.50 costs, together with the costs ofthis action, amounting to $Said sale will be made upon a credit of six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase money, the purchaser being required to executebond for equal installments . of thepurchase, price, with good surety, tobe appro'ved by the Master Commissioner, payable to said Commissioner,bearing interest at the rate of 6. percent, per annum from date of sale until paid, or purchaser may have theprivilege of paying cash, should he sodesire, and to have the force andeffect of a. judgment.C. A. MCMILLAN,(july 17-24-31) M. C. B. C. C.M. F. Kenney Auct.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration, of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PInkhamMedicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail. 1The Paxtoa Toilet Co., Boston, MassrMaster's Sale.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Harmon Stitt - - - PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Anderson Ayers andWinnie Ayers,DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the above styled action at theJune trm, 1914, of the Bourbon CircuitCourt, the undersigned Master Commissioner will sell at Public Auctionto the highest and best bidder at theCourt House door, in the City ofParis, Ky., onMONDAY, AUGUST 3,1914,at about the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,the following described property:That certain house and lot situatedon the North side of the Paris andGeorgetown turnpike, in the City ofParis, Kentucky, fronting 35 feet onsaid pike and extending back towardsthe old Georgetown pike 120 feet tothe line of Riley Small, adjoining onthe East the lot of Martin Murray, onthe west line of John Ware, and being the same property conveyed toAnderson Ayers by C. A. McMillan,Special Commissioner.Said sale will be made to satisfythe judgment of the plaintiff againstthe defendant for the sum of $233.11,with interest from March 25th, 1908,subject to a credit of $100.00 as ofMay 23, 1909, and the costs of thisaction amounting to $ .Said sale will be made upon a credit of six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase money, the purchaser being required to executebond for equal installments of thepurchase price with good surety to beapproved by the Master Commissioner, payable to said Commissioner,bearing interest at the rate of 6 percent, per annum from date of sale until paid, or purchaser may have theprivilege of paying cash, should he sodesire, and to have the force andeffect of a judgment.C. A. MCMILLAN,(julyl7-24-31) M. C.-B. C. C.M. F. Kenney Auct.STOPS NEURLGIA KILLS PAIN.Sloan's Linament gives instant relief from Neuralgia or Sciatica. Itgoes straight to the painful partSoothes the Nerves and stops thePain. It is also good for Rheumatism, Sore Throat, Chest Pains andStrains. You don't need to rub, it penetrates. Mr. J. R. Swinger, Louisville, Ky., writes: "I suffered withquite a severe Neuralgic Headachefor four months without relief. I used Sloan's Liniment for two or threenights and I haven't suffered with myhead since." Get a bottle to-day.Keep in the house all the time forpains and all hurts. 25c, 50c, and $1,at your Druggist.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for all sores,(adv-july)HALTS DAUGHTER'S WELDING.Miss Sarah Belle Frederick, of Carlisle, took an early train for Maysville, leaving a note stating that shehad gone to get married. Finding thenote and learning that his daughterhad gone to Maysville, her father,John Frederick, of Carlisle, took atrain for that city, arriving there justin time to prevent the issuing of aum11.1a.5e in-cnoc ivhu ici,uiucu ixiadaughter to his home.BEST DIARRHOEA REMEDY.If you have ever used Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedyyou know that it is a success. SamF. Guin, Whatley, Ala., writes, "I hadmeasles and got caught out in the rainand it settled in my stomach and bowels. I had an awful time, and had itnot been for Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and" Diarrhoea Remedy Icould not possibly have lived but afew hours longer, but thanks to thisremedy, I am now well and strong."For sale by all dealers,(adv-july)GEORGETOWN JAIL FORFEDERAL PRISONERS.Through the recommendation ofClerk Samuel Shepard, of Covington,of Jailer Zach L. Lusby, the government inspector of jails, will confineall of the overflow of Federal prisoners in the district in the Scott Countyjail at Georgetown.URED OF INDIGESTION.Mrs. Sadie R Clawson, Indiana, Pa.,was bothered: with indigestion. "Mystomach pained me night and day,"she writes. "I would -feel bloated andhave headache and belching aftereating. I also suffered from constipation. My daughter had used Chambelain's Tablets and they did her somuch good that she gave me a fewdoses of them and insisted upon mytrying them. They helped me as nothing else has done." For sale by alldealers,(adv-july)One reason why man is Superior towoman is because a man alwaysknows where he got HIS headache.BUCKLEN'S ARNICA SALVE FORCUTS, BURNS, SORES.Mr. E. S. Loper, Marilla, N. Ywrites: "I have never had a Cut,Burn, Wound or Sore it would notheal." Get a box of Bucklen's ArnicaSalve to-day. Keep handy at all timesfor Burns, Sores, Cuts, Wounds. Prevents Lockjaw. 25c, at your Druggist,(adv-july)Get any bunch of poker players together after an all night session andevery one of them will cheerfullyadmit that he is loser.PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.LVe. Court House.7:10 a m7.45 a m8.15 a m8.45 a m9.15 a m9.45 a m10.15 a m10.45 a m11.15 a m11.45 a m12:05 p m12.45 p mLve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.151.001.30mmmmmmmmmmmmm1.151.452.152.453.153.454.155.155.406.056.30mmmmmmmmm2.002.30' 3.0043.30' . 4.005.005.305.50p jnp m6.156.40City Limits Only.3' .KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 am10:20 a m11:50 a mLeave ParisLexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 am9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p mfor;1:20p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20- 5:006:007:209:1011:00p mp m4:305:156:056:508:15mmmmmp mp mp mp m:tt):05 p mDaily except SundayTo the Creditors of GeorgeAlexander & Co. StateBank.NOTICE.The creditors of the above naraefGeorge Alexander & Company StateBank are hereby notified to file theirclaims with the -undersigned, verified as required by law, at my officeat the Bourbon Bank & Trust Company's place of business in Paris,Kentucky, on or before September 1,1914; and all depositors of said bankare requested to bring in and leavewith the undersigned their passbooks, in order that they may beposted.BUCKNBR WOODFORDSpecial Deputy Banking Commissioner. (22-Fri 3mos.)Assignee's Notice.To Creditors of George AlexanderThe creditors of George Alexanderare hereby notified to file their claimswith the undersigned, verified as required by law, at my place of businessj 530-534 Main street, in Paris Ky., onor before August 10, 1914. And allthose indebted to George Alexanderare requested to settle at once.W. O. HINTON,Assignee of George Alexander.(17-4t-F)ONEROPOf BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops In thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, KyimgOne application soothes and heals a roughpimplyskin,and.whenrepeated,quicklyeffectbt cure. Eczema, Erysipelas, Tetter. Ulcers andall skin diseases yield to its curative properties.50c a box. At all Druggists.Bend for freo sainplo and Iiook. "Healtn and Beauty."JOHNSTON. HOLLOWAY & CO.,1730 Spring Garden St., Ph!la Pa.INSURANCEAGAINSTFIRE,WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINTON,AGENT.Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, seeine.BLUE GRASS PARK!Bathing and Boating.Free- DANCING -FreeAfternoon and Evening.Music bySchemnel's Orchestraljpiiiiil' ifk0BM&lX r MInNew"Easy-Opening-Bos"BLACKWHITE.. TANSHOEPOLISHES9I Thomas &Fire,I LightningProtect Your GrowingTobacco AgainstHAILOnly First-Class CompaniesRepresentedSTAPLEmGROCKRIES! jALSOAll the VegetablesOf the SeasonOUR9CannedCannot BeIN. A. MOORE-Sauer's. VKINDLYTwin Bi. Depanmeni Stoie,Seventh, and Main Sts., Paris, KyH if Brightens "H f: Up l!m I: millions :H . of shoes isHmV rlai?T -if- .VVJ.WoodfordWind,Insurance!C& FANCYLINE OFGoodsExcelled9Old StandGreataraainNowGoing On!Greater Bargains than youhave ever before heard of inParis.i'4CALL 1 ATSale-I-1t& 'tVVX -K,J-tw An&l 't-h,y J.f?4 jvrMt.,.v?tif' " " ,-A. V .-rW-,,.'VV"-..-Jfc;.L:.,:1HE BOURBON NfcWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 24 1914i"mENTUCKY WOMAN, SUFFERER FROMSTOMACH ILLS, QUICKLY RESTOREDrrs. Belle Hawkins Uses Mayr Remedy "Never Felt Better InMy Life."Mrs. Belle Hawkins, Eminence, Ky.,isa victim of stomach disorders.v.' e took a great deal of treatmentd medical attention.U last she tried Mayr's Wonderful- ..mach Remedy and got real results.:. a letter telling of her experiencesue said:"1 have taken all of the medicine Iordered of you and will say it hasdone more good than all the doctorsand medicine I ever tried. I don't reallv think I neid any medicine now,as I think I am well. I never felt1 otter in my life. If I ever shouldroed any medicine I know where touot it."That is a typical letter, taken asCiie among the thousands from thei-ers of Mayr's "Wonderful StomachRemedy. The first dose proves nolong treatment.Mayr's Monderful Stomach Remedyclears the digestive tract of muciodaccretions and removes poisonousmatter. It brings swrft relief to sufferers from ailments of the stomach,liver and bowels. Many declare it hassaved them from dangerous operations and many are sure that it hassaved their lives.Because of the remarkable successof this remedy there are many imitators, so he cautious. Be sure it'sMAYER'S. Go to G. S. Varden & Sondrug store and ask about the wonderful results it has been accomplishingor send to Geo. H. Mayr, Mfg. Chemist, 154-156 Whiting St., Chicago, 111.,for free book on stomach ailmentsand many grateful letters from peoplewho have been restored. Any druggist can tell you its wonderful effects.(adv-No 2)afe InvestmentTwin Bros.Gives advice to aS3 the people of Parisand Bourbon County to invest their moneyInClothing, Shoes,Hats, Caps,Underwear, Etc.They will give you one hundred cents onthe dollar on your merchandise investment.Call in and see them.L. WOLLSTEIIN, Prop.1Got Missing FiguresLJt? 0,.,,1 AToonn-n moc nrPCPnhnrrplans for an extension of the factoryto the company s directors at Detroit.He found that he had left an estimate sheetin his desk at the factory. He called upthe factory on the Bell Long Distance Tele-phone. His assistant read the figures tohim and the directors were able to actwithout delay.Annoying 'delays are avoided by the useof the Bell Telephone.VTien you telephone smileInmberlasid Telephoneand Telegraph Company &$FINCORPORATED.ROCK CRUSHERSVTo Provide Lime For Farms Furnished By Kentucky.With a view of improving the soilof this State, Commissioner of Agriculture Newman has purchased tworock crushers which will be used ingrinding up limestone in order" thatit may be used for fertilizer. Thecrushers will be furnished to thefarmers free of charge, the farmersto pay for the rock, labor and theother expenses necessary to runningthe crushers. One crusher will bestarted out of Lexington and willwork its way through the Blue Grassinto .the mountain sections of theState. The other crusher will probably start from Shelbyville and workSouth.Commissioner Newman said thatevery acre of land in this State thatdoes not overflow annually needslime, and that the most economicalway to get the lime is to grind up thelimestone into fine powder. He estimates that it will take about fourtons of lime to the acre, and the costto the farmer will be about 50 centsa ton, which is as cheap or cheaperthan the farmer can haul it from therailroad station after paying shippingexpenses, as well as paying for thelime.Of late it has been impossible forthe farmers to raise crops of red clover, and the failure to do so Commissioner Newman attributes to the lackof 'lime in the soil.He is of the opinion that the use of lime will improvethe condtion of alfalfa and cow peacrops. A good stand of red cloverput about $25 worth of nitrogen intoan acre of land and this in turnmakes better crops' of corn, tobacco,wheat and hemp.The convicts in the penitentiaryof Illinois grind lime for the State ofIllinois, and the State furnishes it tothe .farmers at 50 cents a ton. Commissioner Newman is of the opinionthat ultimately the practice will bestarted at the Kentucky penitentiaries.LUKE McLUKE SAYS:You can't keep a woman from buying an article that is marked 50 centsand looks as if it cost a dollar.When the child is bright and pleasant Mother knows it inherited itstraits from her people. But when itis ornery and selfish Mother knowsthat it inherited its traits from itsFather's people.She is always mighty sweet untilyou get her, and then you discoverthat she was only sugar coated.A Reformer is a man who talks tothe Lord every day, but doesn't talkto his next door neighbor.They are putting so much elasticinto the straight fronts that a fat woman on a hot day is liable to makeyou imagine there is a fire in a nearrubber factory.It is all very well to observe TableEtiquette. But you are supposed tomake a few errors when you are eating noodles, corn on the cob and pigs'feet.The kind of man who bums aroundhis wife's boarding house and runserrands for her, is the same lad who,when he is sent for a pound of lard, isalways willing to stop in at the corner cafe and tell how this countryshould be run and point out the mistakes of the administration."WE KNOW HOW'.-.-a--v.SftTRAW HATSATHALF PRICE!Panamas and HopkinsStraws at ReducedPrices.BUY NOWWbdle We Have Yotxr Size.Mitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's Styles Paris, KentuckyHOW TO OET SHHafter any sickness is purely a matter ofnourishment, whether the attack wasan ordinary cold or severe illness; theweakened forces cannot repulse diseasegerms, and this is why a relapse is sooften fatal or why chronic weakness oftenfollows sickness. (Restoring strength to millions of peoplefor fortr years has proven the real needfoe taking Scott's Emulsion after anysickness; nothing equals it nothingcompares with it. Its pure, medicinalnourishment, free from alcohol or opiates,promptly creates rich blood, strengthensthe nerves and lungs to avert tuberculosis.THOUGHT SHEGOULD NOT LIVEw?--'ZSCS!'r-r-'jr'-'tBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street' TmGEO W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBAUER.BOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.rrtnlrVW toRmtbb "RfcTTmMTT. SoreXlrip. Nenralfria. Backache. Headache I1 1 uaina. Yoar monev back if it fail teiwilieva anr acha in anr cart of the oflt." jillilteen minute tune. . .Fric GO. At All Jyru99tsmFree simpl mud circular Mat oa roqaaat.BOURBOH REMEDY COMPANY.. 342 East Main St., LaxJngte, 1tHftMWtHttmffMttlMtttttttMtimitMM(showing or! FIEELESS COOKERSWe Take Pleasure.in ioing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelanndry line. That is whaymadeihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous for fine work and itdever goes brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.Restored to Health by LydiaE. Pinkham's VegetableCompound,Unionville, Mo. "I suffered from afemale trouble and I got so weak that Icould hardly walkacross the floor without holding on tosomething. I hadnervous spells andmy fingers wouldcramp and my facewould draw, and II could not speak, norsleep to do any good,had no appetite, andeveryone thought Iwould not live.Some one advised me to take Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. I hadtaken so much medicine and my doctorsaid he could do me no good so I told myhusband he might get me a bottle and Iwould try it. By the time I had takenit I felt better. I continued its use, andnow I am well and strong."I have always recommended yourmedicine ever since I was so wonderfully benefitted by it and I hope thisletter will be the means of saving someother poor woman from suffering."Mrs. Martha Seavey, Box 1144,Unionville, Missouri.The makers of Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound have thousands ofsuch letters as that above they tellthe truth, else they could not have beenobtained for love or money. Th& medicine is no stranger it has stood thetest for years.If there are any complications youdo not understand write to Lydia .Pi nk ham Medicine Co. (confidential)Ly cn,Mass. Your letter will be opened,read and answered by a woman andheld in strict confidence6&6'OG&&&&G90&Q&Q&009That save so many good housekeepers from the heat and willmakejrour cooking much easier.You can do your cooking whiledown town doing your shopping.Nothing will burna Prices,10 hioMRefrigerators!at aI you.i$6few more refrigerators leftg reaucuon. L.et us snowAlso, get the prices,.75 up to $30.J I i:l:t''Porch Chairs and SwingsFor the Comforts During the Hot Days.A Big SavingA. R Wheeler Furniture CoMain and ThirdCHAS. GREEN, Mgr.Opp. Court House9tOA666AftJBMflHitf9OQQAO0000MM0G0Q0O01im4m'!n&,....-. ri,. --S--V..u. cl.W:.t.,-'.itJ.v.-t?HJfi4S-i.i,.,.fc "i.- n.tHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.; JULY 24 19141. . - -w. --4 MORE DAYSUNTIL THE OPENING OF THEMILLERSBURG CHAUTAUQUA.VACATION DAYS AT HOME.II::::SQGALANDPERSONALEntertainment Twice Daily In the Big Tent.BUY TICKETS NOWBECKHAM'S EXPENSE ACCOUNT.The campaign expense account offormer Gov. Beckham was received inWashington, Monday, and shows thathe spent for newspaper advertisingand hotel expenses $843.76; in addition to this he made expenditures forstenographers, postage, telegrams,etc. -i3He acknowledges receipts of the following contributions; Prom JudgeMatthew O'Doherty, 500; A. J. Alexander, $50; John J. OReilly, 250;John Skain, $100; R. L. Stout, $100;Dr. Milton Board, 1,000; Thomas S.Rhea, 1,000; Percy Haley, 1,500.THE BLACKBERRY CROP.Blackberries are coming to thismarket more freely this week and areselling from 75 to 85 cents the bucket.The rain has brought out the crop andthey will be more plentiful than wasexpected.HUNTINGTON QUITS LEAGUE.PORCH SHADESWe sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.A. F. WHEELER & CO.At a meeting between the officialsof the Huntington Club of the OhioState League, at Huntington Wednesday, the Huntington Club gave up Itsrrancmse. it is the general opinionthat Ironoton will take the franchise.The reason for Huntington surrendering the franchise is said to be poor attendance.ROCKSAND IS DEAD.Water and soap are cheap enough.But the fellow who is alwavs veln-ing about Jawn Dee Rockerfeller having an the money is usually a guywho hasn't had a bath since the Spanish-Americanwar.Rocksand, $150,000 stallion, whichwas at the head of August Belmont'sstud, near Lexiugton. and which wassold to a French syndicate in 1912,is dead in France. Rocksand was imported in 1905 from England. isemont paying 125,000 . After usinghim here in the stud he sold him toa French syndicate. As a race horse,Rocksand started twenty times andwas sixteen times a winner, once asecond and three times a show horse.Miss Dorcas Ussery returnedWednesday night from a visit to hergrandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Ussery inAnna, 111. Enroute home she was aguest several days of her sister, Mrs.William Clark, in Cincinnati.Miss Edith Mellinerer. of Richmond, formerly of Paris, will leavenext week with her aunt, Mrs. Chas.Wiedemann, of Newport, for an extended tour on the Great Lakes, andthen to Canada, where Mrs. Wiedemann has taken a cottage for the reaminder of the summer.Mrs. Percy Henry and son, Mr.Percy Henry, Jr., and Mrs. C. K. Carrol, of Louisville, were guests of Mr.P. Nippert, Sr., and family, Wednesday. They were enroute in their touring car to Cincinnati and Latonia fora visit to relatives.Miss Mary Rassefoss, of the officeforce of the Cumberland TelephoneCo., is taking a vacation, and in company with her sister, Mrs. AlbertLyons, went to Mt. Sterling yestercday afternoon, for a visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. George Rassenfoss. Messrs. Bryan Bailey, Thos. L.Walker, Jr., and John Wesley Marrs,and Misses Ann and Genevieve Molloy, of Lexington, were the guests ofMiss Frances Champe for the dansant, given by the Girls' Club, at theMasonic Temple, Wednesday evening.(Other Personals on Page 5.)Once Uuon a Time a Man who hadbeen Married for Fifteen Years cameHome and put his arms around hiswife and said: "Kiss me, Sweetheart.I miss you so much when I am awayfrom you." And his wife went upstairs, selected a soft spot on thefloor, and threw Nine Fits.The thin ones are wearing pocketsin the sides of their bicirts. But theCorn Feds are still depositing in theWoman's National Bank where Jacob's Ladders come from.An Ordinance!City Hall, Paris, Ky.July 23rd, 1914.AN ORDINANCE REQUIRING A LlCNSE TO OPERATE AN AUTOMOBILE BUS LINE IN THE CITYOF PARIS KENTUCKY.The slits in the skirts seem to beracing with the Cost of Living to seewhich will go highest." egrm in 1 1 I in mm imi -ZJ Amazing Will Be the MnnfiV fla-trincr Onnnr Ir' " - taaBi i w iF nrmj v y.K . tn fc.ar k s k ,u : ,v.Be it ordained by the Mayor and. Board of Council of the City of Paris,Kentucky.Section 1. That all persons,' firmsor corporations owning or operatingan automobile bus for public hire inthe City of Paris shall first obtain alicense from the City to conduct orcarry on such business, and shall payfor such license the sum of 10 perannum, for each automobile bus sooperated.Section 2. If any person, firm orcorporation runs or operates an auto-rnnViiln. hue -Fni nnMJn liir.- 1 n:,lCity without first procuring a licenseso to do, as required in Section 1 ofthis ordinance such person, firm orcorporation shall be fined not lessthan 1.00 nor more than 25.00 foreach offense.J. T. HINTON, Mayor.Attest:J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.RECKLESS JOY-RIDERS.The "joy-rider" must be suppressedin the interest of human life and thecommunity generally, but unless theefforts to do so are strong and continuous', and the penalties of speedingimpartial and drastic the speeder willcontinue to be a Juggernaut with attendant human sacrifice.Another thought, by the way.The law says plainly that everyautomobile must have its number inplain view on .. the rear of the machine, and with a light reflecting upon it at night so that it may be seen.A blind man can satisfy himself thatthis law is broken into splinters anynight upon the streets of Paris, andmore than likely it is supposedly doneby "joy-riders" from adjoining townswho think they are "here to-dayand gone to-day" so the very purpose for which the requirements werefixed the identity of the offenderscan be defeated.A few days ago, as he says, a mancame very near being run over at thecorner of Eighth and Main by a reckless auto Jehu driving a big machinein which was party of "joy-riders" unknown to him, and in turning to seethe number of the machine got forhis pains a smile from the chaufleuras he speeded away again in the direction of Lexington. He was smiling (the chauffeur, of course) becausethere was no identification licensetag, not even a rear signal light onthe back of the machine.There are many, many such guiltyones.SPECIAL JULY CLEARING SALE.Ladies' French Gingham Dresses at96 cts.HARRY SIMON.ARRESTED FOR TIPPING.Probably the first arrest ever madefor violation of the anti-tipping lawoccurred in Jackson, Miss., when A.M. Sinclair, a traveling salesman, wasarrested and held under 25 bond forappearance in court next Monday toanswer the charge of giving- a dimeto a hotel porter. Sinclair claims hewas merely paying the porter for services rendered outside his regular duties. If convicted he is liable to afine not more than $50.MAJOR COBB DIES.Major Robert Cobb. 79. died at hishome in Wichita Falls, Texas, of paralysis. He was commander of Cobb'sBattery in the Confederate army andfought in many of the important engagements of the Civil War. MajorCobb was born in Lyon County. Kentucky, and was a student at the University of Virginia when the warbroke out. Irvm S. Cobb, of NewYork, the author, is a nephew.PORCH SHADES.""STT' ell "W m sw in ise trie Moneyranities at OurCASH RAISING SALE!Lots of High Grade Men's, Women's and Children's Shoes at Such Extremely Low Prices that All will Regret who Do Not Attend It.We sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.(5-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.tmmii rmi aitj a w w Mi in wmgAn Ordinance.Ladies' White Canvas Shoes andBaby Doll Pumps, $3.00 values, at $1,49Ladies' Patent Colt or Dull KidSaby Doll Pumps, $3.50 values,at $1.99 and $1.49Ladies' Wh'te Canvas ColonialPumps, Best Makes, $3.00 values at $1.99 and $1.49Ladies' Colonial Pumps, FrenchHeel $3.00 Values. .$1.99 and $1.49Ladies' Colonial Pumps; miloShoes, $5.00 values.. $2.99 and $2.49Lad'es' Kid Oxfords, $2.50 valuesat $1.49Lad'es' Suede Button Oxfords,$5.00 values, at $1.99Ladies' Suede 2-Strap Pumps,$3.00 values, at $1.49Lad'es' Gun Mets'J Oxfords, $2.00values, at ggcMen's Walk-Over Oxfords, $4.50values at $2.99Men's Tan Rubber Sole Oxfords,$4.00 values, at .. $2.49Men's Tan and BlackRubber SoleOxfords, Goodyear Welts, $4.50values, at $2.99Men's Tan and Gun Metal EnglishLast, Shoes and Oxfords, ofthe Beacon Make, $4.50 vaMues, at $3.49Men's Tan and B'Jack Oxfordsand Shoes, all Lasts, of the Famous Walk-Over Make, Bestvalues, at $4.00 and $3.50Men's Tan Vici Oxfords, BroadToe, Best for Comfort, $4.00values, at $2.99Men's Oxfords and Shoes of thebest Makes, $3.00 values $1.99Boys' Gun Metal Shoes and Oxfords, $3.00 values ..$1.99 and $1.49Misses' and Children's High Grade Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps in allleathers and styles at the lowest prices- Barefoot Sandals and OutingShoes at Sale Prices. Don't miss this moneysaving opportunity.City Hall, Paris, Ky.,July 23rd, 1914.AN ORDINANCE APPROVINGAND ACCEPTING THE CONTRACT BETWEEN THE CITY OFPARIS AND L. W. JOHNSON FORTHE RE-CONSTRUCTION OFMAIN STREET AND ACCEPTINGTHE BOND OF SAID JOHNSONFOR THE FAITHFUL PERFORMANCE OF HIS CONTRACT ANDALSO ACCEPTING THE INDEMNITY BOND OF SAID JOHNSON.SID"IL.Where-JST COHESIST'SGreatest Shoe StoreBeauty and Economy ReignsIimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmJ!Be it ordained by the Mayor andBoafaNtf Council of the City of Paris,Kentucky:Section 1. That, whereas, the Mayor of the City of Paris was, by ordinance duly passed on July 16th, 1914,directed for and on behalf of the Cityof Paris to enter into a contract withL. W. Johnson for the removal of thepresent wearing surface on MainStreet and by the construction thereof with bitulithic paving, according tothe plans and specifications submitted by said Johnson, and also directing the Mayor to take from said contractor, bond as required by law, forthe faithful performance of said contract, and also bond agreeing to protect and indemnify the Citv aerainstand from any loss or damage whichmay be sustained because of' any negligence on the part of the contractor,as provided in said ordiance orderingsaid work; and, whereas, the Mayorhas entered into said contract withsaid Jonhson and taken the two bondsas directed by said ordinance, saidcontract and the two bonds above referred to having been submitted tothe Council by the Mayor, it is nowordered that said contract and saidtwo bonds be acceped and filed withthe City Clerk, and the acts of theMayor in the premises are approved.J. T. HINTON, Mayor.Attest:Oa-ATTITIOI"?Do You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit Jewellfias Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Fre'ely Given.Try Us.SPIGER&GILOHRISTELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101V4ft?ELECTRICIRONSm9999mmm999IPhone us to-dayto send an ElectricIron on trial and seewhat a difference itmakes on next ironing day.9999999PARIS GAS 8!ELECTRIC GO.Incorporated.. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.rl -i. VV, .I.