--- . -fir s?... --f-'. PUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY' 3&n FRIDAY IN THE TEARPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1914.VOLUMEXXXHJ5f5!V'MR ?. B. HUTCHCRAFT ASSIGNSTO MR. JAS. McCLURE.PARIS WATER COMPANYINVOLVED IN LITIGATION.EVERY COUNTY TO HAVETWO GAME WARDENS.T.u v - Ui MIv' fv ftjk v.'..IttCi DVIUnci liuH H P V j - v" -T WW 4-r - ,mrat-j-xK r-. Hutclicraft, for many years oneof tie most prominent business menof Paris, on "Friday executed andincrA with County Clerk PearcePate- for record a deed of assignmentto James McClure, cashier of the FirstNational Bank of Paris, conveying allhis property of every kind- to Mr.WcC'jre in trust to be by him soldand c inverted into money and the proceed used to pay Mr. Hutchcraft'sdebi Suits aggregating about $80,000 3 Jid been filed against Mr. Hutchcraft luring the last week, and the assignment was made to protect hiscredi'ors and place all on an equalfooting. Mr. McClure's acceptance wastiled -'itli the deed of assignment.Mr. Hutclicraft for many years hasbeen "ooked upon as a safe and conerv?ive business man. He has al-ay enjoyed the confidenca of thecommunity, did 'an extensive business?n,l jcumulated a large property. Hecealt largely in wheat, corn and bluetiras:? seed 'and in addition was afarnit-r on a large scale, handled ex-tensi-.elycattle, hogs and other live.loclc. and was one of the largest to,rro growers in the county. His1 oldu.gs of real estate, besides cityThe Paris Water Company wasmade the defendant in ctamage suits,Friday, aggregating an amount in excess of $17,000, which were filed in theCircuit Clerk's officev.The suits were filed on behalf ofMr. J. Hooker, Stivers, Mrs. J. HookerStivers, Mr. T. J. Flora, and three insurance companies doing business inParis.The action grow out of the disastrous fire on South Main Street whichoccurred on the evening of September7, 1914, when the frame office buildins: and storaee house of Mr. T. J.Flora were destroyed by fire, togetherwith the laree frame warehouse andstock of lumber belonging to Mr. andMrs. J H Stivers,! whifch adjoinedthe Flora building.The largest suit filed was that ofMrs. J. H. Stivers, who asks for$8,855, as a result of the burning of thebuilding. Of this amount, $6,000 issued for on behalf of three insurancecrinpanies, and the balance, $2,855,represents the additional loss sustained by Mrs. Stivers which was notcovered by insurance.Mr. Stivers sues for $6,025, ofwhich $3,000 represents his loss on..-" tv in Paris, worth some $40,000 I stock, etc.. $2,025 on merchandiseto S-i.'.OOO. include some S00 acres of stored inTO S4c,UUU, inciuue some ouu aucs uiP,ourlon County land.Mr. Hutclicraft was a director inthe tailed bank of George Alekander& Company and was one of the borrorer3 from that bank, and the failureof the bank helped to precipitate thefinancial difficulties which led to hisassessment.Mr. McClure's bond was fixed atS250."0 by Judge McMillan.Thr schedule of liabilities and assets, x-hich was filed Friday .is as follows BOURBON COUNTY COURT.'SCHEDULES.In 1'ie matter of the assigned -estateof R. B. Hutchcraft:ASSETS:915 acres of Bluegrass landas follows:400 acres near Muir;340 acres near Leesburg;118 acres near Kiserton;Balance in small tracts aroundparis $100,000Home. Houston avenue and.ppnnd street " 10,000Nine rent houses in Paris 9,000Hsihland warehouse, Pleasantstreet 2,000Overbey Tobacco Barn 2,000F. & C. tobacco barn, Mainzzveet 3,000Old Fair Grounds tobacco barn 1,50JOne-tbird interest in tobaccowarehouse, Clinton ville pike 1 ,500Cattle barn, silo, etc.. Peacock foifce 4.000-One-half interest in rass seeddeanhur plant 7,000S'oav.han Station corn cribs. 7004 YacauUoiHauston avenjie , AW.vVcantlots, HShry Addition "T.. 1,1000v acant lots in East PansVacant lots on Sixteenth streetVacant lots. Twentieth street .Vacant lots on Clifton avenueVacant lots on Maysville streetVacant lots. Rassenfoss Addition --Vacant lots on Third streetFarm tools and machineryHouses and mules. .Cattle, sheep and hogsInterest in 135 acres of tobaccoDue from tobacco tenants, secured by landlord's lien oncrops ---Sundry crops (245 acres)Grain and seeds.Gtain and seed bags -Notes and book accounts .Vasjons, buggies, harness andgear . -Marmon automobile. .10 shares First National Bankstock .- ... - -3 shares BourbonTobaccoWare-bouse Company stockBourbon Fair Association stockGash in, bank -Every county in Kentucky will beypatrolled by twogame wardens, actingGame and Fish Commission, from No-gvember 8 until Jamiarv 1. when theframo coacrtn timI! nlnca flio coasnn V"will open November 15.Executive Agent J. Q. Ward, whohas lust annointed thirtv district war-dens, with directions to select a war-tden in every county where there isnone now, will call into co-operationto prevent hunting out of season orwithout a license and market huntingeverv available aeencv. He is sendina "notices for publication in every coun- j'Jty paper, aavismg nunters oi tne ac-.tion of the department; he is callinghunters and hunting clubs to assist,and the wardens have directions tocall on the County Judees. Sheriffsand County Attorneys to assist them. !These wardens will go horseback orin buggies and their visitations will bewithout warning. Instructions as tothe character of their duties and theway they are to perform them are"explicit.Market hunters and those who huntout of season or without a license arethe particular objects of this surveillance. Sunday violators and trespassers must be handled by the local authorities, and wardens are instructedto inform landowners who ask themto arrest such violators that theyshould go to their county authorities.Mr. Ward said the successful workof the department last year in the fightagainst market hunting, followed by adrv. good breeding season, has madegame birds plentiful this fall, and itm v jfc -yy"iviitcneii &Blakemore'sKNTLEMEN!NT "v"tV'2?stored in his building, and $1,000 issued for on behalf of the Henry ClayFire Insurance Company, which carried thre $1,000 insurance on Mr. Stivers stock of lumber.Mr. T. J. Flora, the feed merchant,sued for an amount totaling $2,500 theamount alleged to represent his loss.The suits all seek to hold the Parisvjntov P.oirmanv financially responsible for the big fire, the petitions claim- i the hunters co-operate with the de-Tie Frosty, Cold Days of Winter. Are Here!And it is about time to change from Summer Underwear tothe Winter Weight. We have the biggest stock .of Underwearever shown in the cily.-Union Suits and Two-Piece.Garmentsjt-ktc-IN ALL PRICES PROMin that, due to the defendant company's failure to supply 'sufficientwater pressure, the buildings wereburned.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Stivers are represented in the actions by attorneysHarmon Stitt and Denis Dundon; Mr.T. J. Flora by Attorney Oscar Hinton,and the four Insurance Companies byAttorney Hinton and several Louisvilleattorneys.TABERNACLE MEETING CLOSED.The Ham-Ramsay revival meetings,which have been in progress at theTabernacle, in this city, since September 13, came to a close Sunday nightwhen one of the largest crowds in thehistory of the meetings was present.At the morning service tne evangelist preached a stirring sermon, to anaudience estimated at 4,000. A tthisservice an ottering was taken for theevangelistic party, the sum of $3,100being raised.- At the afternoon service the audience was estimated at 3,500." Mr.Ham delivered another fine sermon.The crowd that gathered at tne eve-partment the sport will be unusually 1gooaBANKING COMMISSIONER SMITHFILES AN AMENDED SUIT.$14,0002,5001,3003503002501,0002.0003,0002,0007,5002,0002,45022,0004,20010,0001,0001,0002,500300150400Lng QTYice was estimated aV54tUHnIn a petition alleging that the sumof $33,640.37 was illegally taken fromthe George Alexander & Co. Bank, ofParis, which failed last May, Banking!Commissioner Thomas J. Smith hiedsuit at Cincinnati, Saturday, againstthe Fifth-Third National Bank, of Cincinnati, for the recovering of thatsum. Commissioner Smith is engagedin winding up the affairs of the defunct bank.By .its charter the Alexander bankwas prohibited from borrowing in excess of $10,000 above its total liabilities. The Fifth-Third, after advancing it $10,000 last January, madefurther loans to it in March and May,the amount of these being $25,000.To secure these loans the Alexanderbank put up $50,000 as collateral security in notes out oT which th FifthThird has made collections and reimbursed itself for the amount of, thethree loans and also for an overdraftof $8,640, which was due to it fromto $8 Per Suit.iiThe Duifold Health Underwear, which keeps you warmgj ,but is not heavy and bundlesome, is acknowledged to be the ' .V "best underwear made. Perfect fitting garments for the bigman and the little man.Look at our windows and 'see the right kinn of Underwearo buy. . . VMitchell & Blakemore,IThe Store for Mien's StylesParis, Kentuckymeeting. This meeting was m menature of a farewell service, and wasverv impressive.The number of converts made during the meeting passed the 1,000 mark,nearly all of whom united with theParis churches.Evauge(st Ham and fair)ly leuvesterday for their home at Anchorage,r onri riinrist'er Ramsay to hishome in Chattanooga, Tenn. Each will jtake a week of rest before going to ,their next engagement at v eatnenoru,Texas-r 1i. 1 tT.m Llifth ' MilM TOQCaware of the fact that the Alexandershank's borrowing: capacity was nniijwiori to the $10,000 and therefore "had:no right to accept the Cwb later notesfor $o,uuu nor to appiy tne uuuawiatto paying them or, the overdrafts andthat the proceeding inthese particulars were ultra vires. Demands onthe defendant bank for the return ofthe money has been refused.AAaA4A4444ii4A'i444'M-4.A VALUABLE DEVICE.Total.$,215,600LIABILITIES:CANTRILLJVIAKES FINE SPEECH.The big Circuit Court room at theBourbon County court house was filledvActornv with a larae and enthusiastic crowd of vDemocrats who listenedto a campaign speech by CongressmanJ Cambpell Cantrill, in the interest ofhis candidacv for re-election as Congressman from the Seventh KentuckyCongressional District.-.r -i :n -uroo ?ntrrrlllPPM HV Hon.T7!,v,mrit at. Dickson, in a neat speech this citvMr. Cantrip's speech was a master- j The Chief is very enthusiasticnio' nf oratorv and solid convincing j about his experiences at the great. . i . ...... tint iTIip Maysjille Public Ledger says:"While 'visiting the Fire ChiefConvention in New Orleans, ChiefHite observed a device which wasinvented by Chief Bunker, of NewYork, for the purpose of aiding firemento throw a rdpe to -ny certain pointfrom a burning building. Chief Hitelost no time in having one of thesesimple but very valuable articles placed on the Kinney Mac, and it may beat any day the means of saving oneor, more lives should anyone happento be trapped in a burning Duuaing mAmerican National Bank,Louisville- $ 4,000Second National Bank, Lexington 10,000Securitv Trust Company, Lcx-inffton. 10000B. Weil, Lexington 12,000S. Weil, Lexington 10,000Mrs. Martha S. Withers, Lexington . 3,000JohnH. Roseberry, Paris 6,000Wm. B. Allen, Paris -1 6,000Agricultural Bank, Paris 4,600Blake estate, Paris 3.000J. W. Allison, Paris 2.200Wm. Hall. Paris 4.000Mrs. Scott Renick, Winchester 8,300Fifth-Third National Bank,Cin-cinnati 4,100Mrs. K. Chambers, Paris 600First National Bank, Paris 14,000Mrs. W. Ford, Paris 2,500Mrs. D. Bell. Paris 2.000Miss Clara Bacon, Paris 3,000John Blake, Paris 1,000W. W. Mitchell, guardian -2,000G. W. Wagoner, Paris 1,000B. A. Hutchcraft, Paris 2,400Julius Weil, Ohio 7,000Mrs. Pointz, Richmond, secured lien on land 5;000S. V. Ashhrook. Cvnthiana. secured lien on land t 8,700Two lien notes,holder not known 8,600National Bank of"Cynthiana. 5,000Small accounts outstanding (estimated) - 300r- ovii -ni-ocpntpfl in a way thatwon his audience from start to finish.He paid a handsome compliment toPresident Wilson, and his administration, and also gave the Democraticcandidates for Congress and the Senate a glad send-off.convention, and ays he learned.manyuseful ideas from this large body ofthe world's best fire-fighters."MAYSVILLE PUTS A TAXON BUSINESS HOUSES.W W. Halev and M. R. .Tacoby. The. ;nfAi Vir tlio nnurt WfirRappraisers appuuitcu. uj ."- .. ., ( LLllllf lt,0 ,.,., 0John T. Collins, W. D. Mclntrye andifplace(i a tax upon every ibuspessAs a result of the local option election in Maysville, which voted "dry"on September .28, the uity uouncn oithat city at its last regular meetingCllf Pay22c to 25c perpound forSausage whenllulll WillBros.M A ml mr J i . - -vII riAPiii v tiu.ii S : r : ! r ! r -fB MM . v IT OA v pec ml I :- ' i ''o -; y - 'f it2SELLC! G il'd onThe Lexington creditors of Mr.Hutchcraft on Saturday afternoon instituted proceedings in bankruptcyagainst him. The result of this.action... . a 4.i, Vio eottlompnt of nisWill D6 lo Laivc m& vwv.. --! estate out of the hands of the localassignee and place it in tne nanus ul atrustee in bankruptcy. Mr. Hutchcraft's Lexington indebtness amountsto about $50,000.An involuntary bankruptcy petitionwas filed in the United States Court atCovington yesterday morning by theSecurity Trust 'Company, of Lexington Ky., the Second National Bank, ofT ;u--rfrm and Pell Weil, of the same- oo-oiAof Mr. Hutchcraft. Sincefiling the list of assets, it is charged,many other debts, not filed in theschedule, have been tounu, amongthem $25,000 due the defunct GeorgeAlexander bank. The assignee contends that the estate can not bei,mwn into bankruptcy on account of! 4.i. ior ctatiTiir that "if a man's princi-Total - $145,300 ' pal occupation is a tiller of the soil heo h wnTr.HP.RAFT i vo thrown into bankruptcy only on' i hiS own request." Mr. Hutchcraft owns jSabscribed and sworn to before me ra0re than 900 acres oi ianu aim remhouse in the city from $16 to ?50 tomake up the deficit that will be causedin the city's finances by the loss of therevenue derived heretofore from thesaloon licenses.2 POUNDSOF BESTTHACKER ANDHAMBRICKREGAIN SEATS IN COUNCIL.ly R. B. Hutchcraft. this 30th day ofOctober, 19 U.My commission expires January 31,lan.MARGARET TERRY.Kotary Public, BourLon county, Ky.1 000 more. Those -wno are asiuugthat the' estate be thrown into bankruptcy asserts that Mr. Hutchcraft'sprincipal occupaion is not a tiller ofthe soil, but that he. is- a dealer in blue-erassJseed, wiieat ana nviuy, u "" .-. t.A in tanantc on thp.Mr. "McClure's bondsman were W. P. the land is rented to tenants on the'Araery, Chas. C Clarke, J. L. Leach, share. v v . . -' -At a special meeting of Scott Circuit Court held Saturday to try thecases of 'James W. Thacker vs. John S.Gaines, and Leonard Hambrick vs.Walter S. Powell, Judge Robert Stoutdecided in favor of the plaintiffs. Thecase grew out of the ousting of theplaintiffs from the Georgetown Counciland they were seeking to recover theiroffices now held by defendants, whowere elected by the remaining members of the Council to fill their unexpired terms. . ",HOPKINS -FARM SOLD.-lThe H. T. Hopkins farm, located onthe Little Rock and Jackstown pike,one mile from Little. Rock, was spldlast"week to John L. Soner. of Paris,and Edsell Clark, of Little Rock, hodivide tne place, rue price paiu was y$76 an acre, or $19,000. The farm contains 250 acres with improvements,and adjoins a body of lancL alreadyownedby Mr. Soper. Possession willoe given in March, , 1915;icwhen theowner, will return to Alabama wherehe has purchased a planation.s?5 in5PORK l!1 SAUSAGE i! i; .! FOR If vA . ' XCfcK ift 8Z - s 12a1 RftinWIN RRHfi ;1 , - .l?SI Mne MMThWwW40 SUITSLadies' and Misses Sizes,newest styles and materialsall colors, fomierly" sold at$25.00 and $20.0:0,CHOICE NOW$15.00Alterations Free.mPRANK &The Store Where ReKabilityReigns.m-'xs-.f-iij. i -i-v..X f JAtv " -r-ior.,4wt.'-SMr.&1 4-S'.ii3H$&.r irrtf -.r.tfJtswJ1VJ. A.V5.3S-,4 ? fJVVrt;4t-.J-5l.'''tfiUv'., .'aiwsJ:v THE BUUKBUN NEWS, PARIS' KJlNIUCKY, INOVfcMBLK 3, 191 . ' '' . '.Ilr..The Bourbon NewsEstablished -if,61 32 Years of Con-tinoir-usPublication..SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.EARLY WARW-(Entered at tire Pans, Kentucky,Postofiice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00' Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESTJisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement pr othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.GERMANS SINK RUSSIAN CRUISER.Toyko. October 30. The British Era-bassy announced today that the German cruiser Emden, flying the Japanese flag and disguised by the addition of a fourth smokestack, enteredPenang, a British vossession in theStraits settlements, and- fired torpedoes, which sank the Russian cruiserJemtchug and a French destroyer.The officers and 84 seamen on boardthe Jemtchug were killed.The Emden's entrance into the waters of Penang was audacious. Shecame in under the guns of the fort,and after sinking the cruiser and thedestroyer escaped through the Straitof Malaca. The fate of the crew onboard the Jemtchug is not yet knownhere.The Jemtchug wa-s" a boat of about3,100 tons and was laid down in 1902.Her main battery consisted of six 4-7inch guns and she had a speed of 24knots.She carried a crew of 334 men.The Emden, after her exploits in theIndian Ocean around India, where shesank a score of more of British steamers, has apparently shifted her sceneof operations more to the eastward tothe vicinity of the Straits settlements.On Tuesday she was reported as having sunk a Japanese passenger steamer bound for Singapore.DEMOCRATIC TICKETthe Turkish empire.The probability that by yesterday'sact of war against Russia the BalkanStates may be drawn, into the vortexof the great conflict,' thereby cuttingoff a vast quantity . of food supplieswhich it had been expected would goto the maintenance of the northernEuropean countries during the war,has brought home to the officials herea realization of the very-'close and intense interest of the United Statesin the latest development.For SenatorJ. C. W. BECKHAM, (Long Term)JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term)For CongressJ. CAMPBELL CANTRILL.TUBERCULOSIS.Day To Be Observed Week of November 29th By Churches, Schoolsand Lodges.By sermons, lectures, motion pictures, exhibits and many other methods, The National Association for theStudy and Prevention of Tuberculosiswill enlist thousands of churches,schools, and lodge- of the countryin a simultaneous educational movement against tuberculosis during theweek of November 29th. The campaign is to be "known as the FifthAnnual Tuberculosis- Day Movement.A special circular entitled "Whatis Tuberculosis Day" has been prepared and is being widely distributed.The plan of Tuberculosis Day, as explained in the circular, does not necessarily comprehend a special sermon on tuberculosis on November 29.If a church, school, or lodge gives thesubject attention iiv any way duringthat week, this will vielp in the national educational movement.I FLYING FOREIGN FLAG NOT CON-TRARY TO WAR RULES.Washington, October 30. For theGerman cruiser Emden to disguise herself by flying Japanese flags was notcontrary to the regularly recognizedpractices of war, naval officials herepointed out today.Befoje firing on a foreign ship,hovever,"or committing any other hostile act, they say, the Emden would becompelled, under international law, tohaul down the foreign flag and hoistthat of her own country.No objection can be made, it wassaid, even if the Emden were to flythe American flag to disguise herself,provided she took it down before attacking a vessel.TURKS SINK RUSSIAN BOAT.Bordeaux, Oct. 30. It was announced officially here today that twoTurkish torpedo-boat destroyers entered the port of Odessa on the BlackSea yesterday and sank a" Russiangunboat. They also mhicted damageon the French liner Portugal.The result of Turkey's action asviewed by the military -experts herefrom a purely technical vSew willbe to greatly embarrass Russia at theoutset.Diplomatic representatives ?nWashington of the allied powers havebelieved from the owtset that as soonas Turkey had fully prepared herarmy and navy for the conflict shewould cast the die for war. Great'Britian, Russia ai-c: France have,through the ambassadors, made itplain to Turkey, it is 'understood,what the consequences of her entrymight be. The Anglo-French fleetwhich has been comparatively unoccupied in the Mediterranean wouldbombard the ports of Asia Minor;Greece would probably join the alliesagainst Turkey and ne Balkan Statesdrawn into the general imbroglio withthe prospect that Ita:y might be foundfighting Turkey as well."SLRUP OF FIGS" FORfCONSTIPATED CHILDDelicious "Fruit Laxative" Cant HarmStomach, Liiver and Bowels.Every mother realizes, after givingher children "California Syrup ofFigs," that this is their ideal laxative,because they love Us pleasant tasteand it 'thoroughly cleanses the tenderlittle stomach, liver and bowels without griping.When cross, irritable, feverish orbreath- is .bad, stomach sour, look atlie tongue, mother! If coated, give atea3poonful of this harmless "fruitlaxative," and in a few hours all thefoul, constipated waste, sour bile andundigested food passes out qf thebowels, and you have a well, playfulchild again. When its little system isfull of cold, throat sore, has stomachache, diarrhoea, indisgestion, colicremember, a good "inside cleansing"should always be the first treatmentgiven.Millions of mothers keep "CaliforniaSyrup of Figs" handy; they know ateaspoonful today saves a sick childto-morrow. Ask your druggist for a50-cent bottle of "California Syrup ofFigs," which has directions for babies,children of all ages and grown-upsprinted on the bottle. Beware of counterfeits sold here, so don't be fooled.Get the genuine, made by "CaliforniaFig Syrup Company."(11-3) adv.FIREPROOF JM I Cannot burn never leak look well and IV are inexpensive. They cover, the best homes, II churches, schools and public buildings all over II the country. I. E 7 ,r aie byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetBISTORY AND EDUCATION;ARBOR AND BIRD DAYS.Two interesting volumes, on whichmonths of preparation have beenspent, have just been issued by theDepartment of Education. One isthe "History of Education in Kenxucky," compiled by administrations,showing both the development of thesystem and the idets which actuatedthe succeeding State Superintendents,together with their biographies. The-work was done mostly by T. J. Coates,Slate supervisor, and the cross-index--ingmakes it a mo.:: valuable reference book.The other i- the "Kentucky ArborTJsy and BiM Book," compiled byMrs. Victor Gilbert, wife of the Assistant State Superintendent. It isbeautifully bound and illustrated, containing a catalojiUP o: native birds andtrees, songs apropos of Arbor day,suggestions for p-oj.-ammes and careTURKS STIR WAR BROTH.Washington, D. C, Oct. 30. Germany, Austro-Hungary and Turkey arenow at war with England, France, Russia, Belgium, Servia and Montenegro.Germany expects Turkey's entry into the great conflict and her attackupon Russia to cause the Czar toweaken his opposition to the GermanAustrian armies in Poland and Galicia.Turkey as a belligerent may be agreater menace to England than toRussia. The Suez Canal, under British control, and giving England directconnection with India, is built throughTurkish territory.Egypt, under British protectorate,may be invaded, or her Mohammedanpopulation induced to revolt.Turkey's action is expected to bringItaly, Bulgaria, Rumania and Greeceinto the war on the side of the allies,Italy to secure control of Albania andthe Balkan States to prevent any increase in Turkey's power,f ,BELGIUM IN NEED OF FOOD.London, October 30. "It is fearedthat in their desperation the hungrypeople will attack the authorities.' This would cause serious loss of life."So stated Captain T. F. Lucey, representative of the American Commission for relief in Belgium, in a telegram sent to Herbert C. Roover, Chairman of the commission, from Rotterdam, today. Captain Lucey addedthat he had been told by representatives of the National Relief CommitteeFRENCH .REJECT GERMANPROPOSAL.Paris, France, October 30. An un-,successful attempt has been made bythe Kaiser, through his advisers andagents, during the last tew days toseparate France from her allies andenable the German Government, whileposing before the outer world and itsown people as earnestly desirous forpeace, to pursue the war with hopes ofsuccess, at present nonexistent.Information has been conveyed tocertain influential Frenchmen, whowere expecting to act as intermediaries, that the German Imperial Government recognizes the quality of thestand made by the French armies,has never regarded France as herprincipal enemy in this struggle and isready to make peace on terms notmerely honorable, but generous for therepublic. These terms would includetthe transfer to France of Metz and thenpisrhhorinsr Dart of Lorraine andperhaps also of at least part of Alsace.AMERICAN PROPERTY DESTROYED AT ODESSA.Washington, Oct. 30. Acting Secretary Lansing today announced receipt of a telegram from the American charge d'affairs at Petrogradsaying Odessa has been bombardedand some American property destroyed. The dispatch from Charge Wilsontransmitted a message from theAmerican consul at Odessa yho saidbe would send a fuller report later onthe extent of American property damage. He did not say by whom thebombardment was done, but it is presumed here that it was by Turkishships.Ancients' Love of Gems.Students of Latin and Greek knowhow much the ancients thought oftheir gems, and what strange powers and attributes they ascribed tosome of them, and how the discreetletter writer Pliny did not think it beneath him to pen a vast amount abouttheir history and character.Shingles From Tree Stumps.The stumps cf the great trees whichoave been cut in the Northwest arenow being utilized for shingles. Tenthousand have been made from onestump.Changes Method of Locomotion.Ever notice that the man who runsfor an office generally rides in an automobile after he gets it?We Take Pleasure. Min 'oing up the finest shirt- i$waists or anything in the hlaundry line. That is whay ;made ihe Bourbon Laundrt ffamous fo fine work and it fjjclever goes bck on its repu- :ftation. If you are particularabout how your linen is italaundered, your custom is the YXkind we want as we like to fappreciatee, tftaWWW1 Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.-,- . f i puTSi" i life were urgentlv needed,aale to teachers, but interesting and ,,;;; n ' , ri,pentertaining to chiidron.New Mineral Found in Tasmania.Many rare minerals exist in Tasmania, and lately a new addition hasbeen made to the list by- the discovery of molybdenite, which is usedin the manufacture of molybdenumthat in Brussels, Charlero, Liege, steel to which it gives special hard-Namur, Mons and Dinant 4,UUU,U'JUnersons were being fed by charity,and that only four days' supply of flourwas on hand. In the vicinity ot Liegeconditions were more desperate thanelsewhere. There the necessaries ofHave youCatarrh?Is nasal breathingimpaired? Doesyour throat gethusky or clogged?Modem science provesthat these symptoms result from run-down health.Snuffs and vapors are irritating and useless.The oil-food in Scott's Emulsion.will enrich and enliven the blood.aid nutrition and assist nature tocheck the inflammation andheal the sensitive membranes.Shun Alcoholic mixturesand insist upon SCOTT'S.RflSCOTTsIIttULSffiHcoDuvaensccrr&BMfliiL "al7,nfc"Him sw i mmHwftiiufri ingIsYour Coal Bin Full ?jGERrwAN OFFICER'S THREATTO ENGLAND.In the November American Maga-sine Will Irwin, who went to EuropeBeans, peas and rice are acceptable," Captain Luces telegram said,"but the great necessity of and theurgent appeals from -all concerned arefor 'wheat flour."THE WAR IN BRIEF.Washington, D. C, Oct. 30 The out-as special war correspondent for that , stadi featu,es 0?the great War arepublication, describes the German :- ?n? nr T,irirftv into the struz-Tasion of Belgium, much of which howitnessed. Recounting a convera.tion that he and others had with a German officer, he says:,v "When we asked him what Germany- -was going to do with Belgium, he'said: 'Keep it, I suppose then we'll"be near England, and you'll see what-we'll do to that horrible country!'"Had the Wrong Place.Automobilist (calling garage after an accident) "I guess you willhave to send for me. I have turnedturtle." Attendant "Say, this is thegarage; you want the aquarium."Telephone News.Sure Test."When I wants to be plumb sadised in muh mind dat a sistah hasdone been converted and not dessrmerely polly-foxin' to be pop'lpr," confessed sage old Parson Bagster, "Itakes her husband to one side andtells him to let a wet dog iuto de parlor .de fust time it rains." Judge.ness and toughneses. As the presentprice of this mineral is about $2,500 aton, the discovery should prove of considerable value. Scientific American.Warfare and Rain.It is one of the extraordinary thing3of warfare that a big battle invariably produces torrents of rain. History contains innumerable instances,both on land and sea, and on morethan one occasion the storm or showers that followed an engagement hadno small influence upon the life ofnations.he entrance of Turkey into the strugffle, as reported from Petrograd, theTotirement as First Sea Lord of theBritish Admirality of Prince Louis ofBattenberg, and the refusal of a peaceproposal said to have been offeredFrance by Germany.Word comes that the Turkish cruiser Breslan has bombarded the Russian seaport of Theodosia in Crimea,and that another Turkish cruiser hasthreatened the seaport of Novorrossvsk on the Black Sea.Prince Louis of Battenberg, whoheld the post of First Sea Lord, hahppn the subiect of a newspaper campaign because of his Austrian birth T TRy TRS FQR YOUR C0UGH.and his German connections.Round trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily from Oct. 1st, 1914, toApril 30, 1913, to all principal touristpoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico,Texas and Havana, Cuba, with finalreturn limit May 31, 1915, with verylibeval stop-over privileges. Also lowround-trip Home-Seekers tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, Louisianaand Mississippi, on sale first and thirdTuesdays or each month, with finalreturn limit vfteen days from date ofsale. For further information, call onor address,J. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.Our Coal will give the best results ?nyour heating stove and furnace, aswell as jn your cooking stove.The Coal we sell burns better, givesmore heat and lasts longer than anyany other Coal. Give us a trial order.Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St. Both Phones 140.sSSQsSSiSf.(sSFor Show and for Use.Commercially, elephants in Indiacome under two classes the one ofpageantry, the other of utility. Everynative prince or nobleman of distinction in India keeps elephants to swellhis retinue, while, on the other hand,government officials and private persons, such as timber contractors, etdrequire them for work.Time's Regret.Time brings only one regret that"we had not more joy in the thingsthat were, more belief, more patience,more love, more knowledge of thev?&y things worked out, more willingness to help toward the final result Jennie June. . ,DON'T BE TOO MEEK.Jn the November American Maga-sie Frances R. Sterrett, writing astory entitled "The Militancy of Eva-lina," has a character who gives thefollowing practical advice:''People don't get -vfhat they want inthis world just by asking for it. Youlisxe-to fight And if you annoy a per-oo lonf enough you'll get what youwk for in tae end."Alone: the battle fionts, both in Be1gium and the North of France and inthe eastern arena, the same story isbeing told of indeverminate actionsThe British Admiralty continues tocall attention to the effective servicerendered by the warships off the NorthSea coast; the French tell of Germanrepulses and French progress; theGermans speaking of the battles lrFrance and Belgium declare that thenprogress is entirely satisfactory.The Russian hosts are, according tradvices, pushing the Germans andAustrians back, rnis to a ceudiu ccnGermany has admitted, but the Austrians aver they are virtually holdingtheir own.The report that Greece has takeipossession of Southern Albania rcausing a profound impression uRome, but in Italian political circles itis believed that Greece will not besupported by Great Britian antFrance.I TURKEY'S ACTION W71LL HAVE 1Washington, Oct. z0. Turkey's entry into the field ofwarlike operations, though not unexpected, hacaused a sensation in official circlethere because of tue probalie farreaching effect of th:s action."Probablv no one factor in the greaEuropean' struggle :s" regarded as s(Thousands of people keep coughingbecause unable to get the right remedy. Coughs are caused by Inflammation of Throat and Bronchial Tubes.What you need is to soothe this Inflammation. Take, Dr. King's NewDiscovery, it penetrates the delicatemucous fining, raises the Phlegm andquickly relieves the congested membranes. Get a 50c. bottle from yourdruggist. "Dr. King's New Discoveryquickly and completely stopped mysough" writes J. R. Watts, Floydale,Texas. Money back if not satisfied,but it nearly always helps.(Nov.) adv.' Training."I say, old man," inquired Balbriggan; "what are you putting thosetoothpicks down your back for?""Just getting in training," repliedFlanelly. "to wear my flannels, oldfellow."PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.LVe. Court House. Lve. Station 547:10 a m 7.15 a m7.45 a m . 8.00 a mS.15 a m 8.30 a m8.45 a m . 9.00 a m9.15 a m 9.30 a m9.45 a m 10.00 a m10.15 a m 10.30 a m10.45 a m 11.00 a m11.15 a m 11.30 a m11.45 a m 11.50 a m12:05 p m 12.15 p m12.45 p.m 1.00 p m1.15 p m , 1.30 p m1.45 p m ' 2.00 p m2.15 p m . 2.30 p m2.45 p m ' 3.00 p m3.15 p m ', 3.30 p m "3.45 p m 4.00 p m4.15 p m 5.00 p m5.15 p m 5.30 p m5.40 p m ' 5.50 p m6.05 p m 6.15 p m6.30 p m 6.40 p m'City Limits Only.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.GEO, W. DAVISFDNEBAL DISECTOS AND LICENSED E1B1LMES.BOTH 'P HONES DA 137; NIGHT 299.I Pans Odorless Cleaning Co.sAN ACTIVE LIVER MEANS HEALTH,If you want good health, a cleaicomplexion and freedom from Dizzi4ess, Constipation, Biliousness, Headiches and Indigestion, take Dr. Kine'ew Life Pills. They drive out fernenting and undigested foods, clearhe Blood and cure Constipation.. OnlyInterurban Schedule.Leave Lexington Leave ParisFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a ra10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p ni2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p mfor Lexington6:4? a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p mLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblbckedto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.NMMNMHiNMMllAerated Milk.Wby will you pay five cents formilk wben you can get the bestmilk in the market for four cents?Phone us at the Woodlawn Dairy.Home Phone 79; B. T. Phone 540.R. P. COLLIER,Woodlawn Dairy,uWtain in quantity and quality asJ5c. at your druggist, 11:00 p'm 10:05 p m j-(octl3:tf) Phonei, Home 7;.E. T. 540. IUIIIuncertain m gu (Nov.)' adv. Dally except Sunday, -,.-,. ' .? - -,. ?"T"1""hexa any acha in any rart of the bo'Jfifteen minutes time. . . 3jfrfce 50c, Lt jlli Xfruggtsis. uBOURBON REMEDY COMPANY. ffL 342 East Main St., Lwteatow. Ky- t7"''-Q& . -;- jT1 1 '.v:.o -.v-THE:jpq8QIJvElSL-r .K$;;:tiQ$mi&$)!49i4;'1 :&-i . r -- "- 7TREES!fr ui. and Shade Trees, Shrubs,Grape Vines, Rhubarb, Asparagus, Peonies, Phlox,Roses, Etc.everything for Orchard, Lawnand Garden.fto Agents. Free Catalogs.F.if.8Lexington, Kentucky,coocimCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite "Attentionlot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.lew Barber ShopCorner Fourth and MainModern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office S14 Main Street.Office Phones oyf3kE. T. 334.Home 334.ResidenceDR. A. B ROLLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentuckyJ. S. Wallingford, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,Pkciie.31 '.:.- IC "5J. WriXiIAMS,9f . ATTORNEY. A T-L AWOffice, Basement of Court House.Bank Row Entrance.&CANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.tfr4LOST.iBetween Paris and Cymhiana, twov.eed chains from automobile. Suitable reward.121 HIGH ST., E. T.PHONE 193,T-2t)Rooms For Rent.Furnished rooms for rent in a con'ortable home close to business center. All conveniences; convenient topostoffice, opera house, churches, etc.Apply at this office. - -For Sale.About 350 shocks corn; 75Uuesrass furnished to feed on.acresJ. M. BUSSELL,East Tennessee Phone 690octl31tf)For Rent,Frame house on Second street.pply at 315 Pleasant Street, E. T.Mephone 276, or at Paris Eookwe, E. T. Telephone 562.For Sale.Pony Saddle and Blanket forpony cart. Inquire at News office, tf'?.'.-AI0PROCLAMATION.President Wilson issued a proclamation designating Thursday, November26, as Thankgiving Day. The president's proclamation, which refers tothe fact that the United States is atpeace, while the rest of the world is atwar, follows:"By the President of the UnitedStates of America:A PROCLAMATION."It has long -been the honored custom of our people to turn in the fruitful autumn of the year in praise andthanksgiving to Almighty God for Hismany blessings and mercies to us asa nation. The year that is now drawing to a close 'since we last observedour day of national thanksgiving hasbeen, while a year of discipline because of the mighty forces of war andchange which have disturbed theworld, also a year oi' special blessingsfor us."It has been vouchsafed to us to remin at peace, with honor, and in somepart to succor the suffering and supplythe needs of those who are in want.We have been privileged by our ownpeace and self-control in some degreeto steady the counsels and shape thehopes and. purposes of a-day of fearand distress. Our people have lookedupon their own life as a nation with adeeper comprehension, a fuller realizatin of their responsibilities as wellas of their blessings, and a keenersense of the moral and practical significance of what their part among thenations of the world may come to be."The hurtful effects of foreign warin their own industrial and commercial affairs have made them feel themore fully and see the more clearlytheir mutual interdependence uponone another and has stirred them to ahelpful co-operation such as they haveseldom practiced before They havebeen quickened .by a great moral stimulation. Their unmistakable ardor forpeace, their earnest pity and disinter- jested sympathy for those who aresuffering, their readiness to-kelp andto think of the needs of others haverevealed them to themselves as well Ias tne worm."Our crops will feed all who needfood; the self possession of our peopleamidst the most serious anxieties anddifficulties and the steadiness and resourcefulness of our business men willserve other nations as well as ourown."The business of the country hasbeen supplied with new instrumentalities and the commerce of the worldwith new channels of trade and intercourse. The Panama Canal has beenopened to the commerce of the nations. The two continents of America have been bound in closer ties offriendship. New instrumentalities ofinternational trade have been createdwhich will be also new instrumentalities of acquaintance, intercourse andmutual service. Never before havethe people of the United States beenso situated for their own advantage jof the advantage of their neighbors o;'so equipped to serve themselves andmankind."Now, therefore, I, Woodrow Wilson, President of the United States ofAmerica, do hereby designate Thursday, twenty-sixth day of Novembernext, as a day of thankgiving andprayer, and invite the people throughout "the land to cease from their wonted occupations and in their severalhomes and places of worship renderthanks to Almiehtv God."In witness whereof I have hereto jset my hand and caused the seal of theUnited States to be affixed."Done at the City of Washington,this twenty-eighth day of October, inthe .year of our Lord one thousandnine hundred and fourteen, and ofthe independence of the United Statesof America the one hundred and thirtyninth. "WOODROW WILSON,"By the President. Robert Lansing,,Acting Secretary of State."Could Be Arranged.A young woman with a party ofAmericans going through the parksand gardens of Warwick castle, England, lingered behind to admire thegorgeous peacock. "Do those birdsever drop any of their tail feathers?"she asked of a gardener who stood by.He looked around, lowered his voice,and replied: "They're hobstinatebeasts, miss, but they drops 'em heasyat the sight of a shillin'."Aptly Answered.Paddy Gaffney was after getting theold-age pension, and wended his waytq the post office for his first grant.Paddy couldn't write his name, butmanaged to make a cross all right.The postmaster, wishing to have ajoke with him, said: "Now, Paddy,don't you think 'twas hardly worthyour while to come so far to makethat cross?" "Well, replied Paddy,"no cross, no crown, me boy."They Come High."My darling," she murmured, "youwere ho grand, so noble, when youproposed to me that day in the automobile! Shall I ever forget howtouchingly you Epoke of your future,of the sacrifices you would make forme? It must have cost you something to speak those words." "It did,Mabel' replied the young man, ashadow: creeping" over his face. "Itcost me about two weeks' salary forthe auto hire.".Maxim That Holds True."He dines not that eats alone" wasa maxim which never fell upon dishonor. That we should notice similarity rather than differences, as wetook backward, is but natural. Theraving for well-cooked food is whole--omelyhuman, and if the palaterows more delicate as the appetiteDecomes less gross the change is notjeculiar to this country or that. As in)oetry, 'so in food, the love of simjlicity is the .proof of a golden, ifirimitive, age.Daily Optimistic Thought.Who tells his own'secret will hardly:eep jinothay's.V,iH' ;PRESIDENTSMOSLEMmIN THE UN ISGermany's Threat to Stir Up Mohammedans Lacks Strength.DIVIDED SPIRITUAL KINGDOMSultan of Jolo, Who Is Under the Dominion of the United States, RanksSecond as Most Excellent Potentate in Moslem LancJ.Washington. Probably few realizedrecently when Germany threatened tostir up the Mohammedans of the worldagainst the allies that the second mostexalted potentate of Moslem lands isa protege of the stars and stripes.According to tables of precedenceapproved at Mecca the sovereign ranking next to the sultan of Turkey icthe sultan of Jolo.The tactful American army officerlets the sultan of Jolo retain all hisstring of titles including that of "Overlord of the United States' but his realpower is almost nil over the 350,000Mnrno in rno Dhilinninno TT I ilowe(L to be exact the powers of .tice of the peace of Maibun, in thesouthern Philippines.But by Mohammedan law he is yetthe religious and political guide of millions of Moslems in Siam, Johor, theFederated Malay States, Malacca,Penang, Singapore, Java, Sumatra,Borneo, Celebes, Mindanao and otherislands of the East Indies.Nothing could illustrate better thelack of unity in the Mohammedantribes and nations and the decadenceof the Moslem world in a politicalsense from the time of the conquestsof the Saracens and the Turks.The ancestors of the sultan of Jolofor centuries controlled and led numerous pirate fleets that harried theAsiatic coast from Hindustan to Tonquin. They converted by the swordthe inhabitants of the East Indiesto the faith of Islam. On these services the sultans of Jolo received rankfreely accorded to the present sultan on his pilgrimage to Mecca onlysecond to the commander of the faith-uIf the sultan at Constantinopleshould proclaim a jehad or holy warthrough the Sheik-ul-Islam, the sultan of Jolo would probably consultsome American second lieutenant onthe subject and then oroll a cigaretteand discreetly retire to the depth ofhis harem.This brings us to the question howmuch Mehemed V of Turkey could assist the German emperor.Despite the reduction of his dominions in Europe by the Balkan wars,the sultan could put more than a mil-Sultan of Turkey.lion men in the field if he could ob-SHADOWY DANGERtain money ana equipment. He could to Marhn Ulrich, a salesman cf Oakcompel Russia to defend its trans-Cau- ! land, who, with a party of friends, wascasian possessions and could trouble out for a big fish in Ulrich's launchGreat Britain on the Egyptian border. Germany off Angel island in San FranBut the threatto incite the immense , cisco bay. Suddenly his line gave aMoslem population of Asia and Africato rise against Great Britain, Franceand Russia should not be alarming.There are about '283,000,000 Mohammedans, comprising one-seventh ofthe world's population.Of these 87,000,000 are under theDi-ifioTi mi in Afrino Acio ant the,East Indies: 41.000.000 (if we countMorocco)' owe allegiance to France;and 14,000,000 are in Russian poses-sions. rne only maepenaent Monammedan countries beside Turkey arePersia and the "VYahabi tribes ofArabia.The Ottoman Empire has 20,000,000inhabitants, but not all are Moham-medans.... i. .......Also, m many pans or Arabia nisautnonty is reaucea to a constanteffort to defeat flying bands of rebels,Theoretically the Sultan requestsuie oueiK-ui-ibiam, me uiguett :uirhammedan church dignitary, to pro-,claim a. holy war against the infidels,Then the liosts of Islam gather aroundthe standard at Constantinople andlaunch themselves against the infidels.But this is the year 1914, not G50nor yet 1453. There are now no lessthan seventy-three Mohammedansects. And never did Arian and Ath-anasian hate each other' more deeplytuan uo me aunniteb aim ui auuaab,the two main divisions of the Islam-ites. The Turks are Sunmtes. Thishare sight away from service witht5f $them the Mohammedans of Persia,,who are all Shuahs.It bars, too, the Moslems of Hindustan, for the Shuahs here are the moreinfluential, though fewer in number.And the Shuah to the Sunnite is "aoursed heretic," while the Sunnite iscalled "an unreasoning fanatic" bythe Shuahs.Then, too, the different Mohammedan communities are separated widely, geographically. They cling tenaciously to their religion but they havelittle intercourse, either of goods orof news.It is fair to believe that a proclamation by the Sultan at Constantinoplewould not reach Moslems for manymonths or even years. Then it mightbe flouted.Ethnographically the Cossacks areclosely related to the Turks. But thehard riders of South Russia were inthe front ranks of the Czar's troopsin the Russo-Turkish war and in thepresent struggle they would be unlikely to desert on account of the command of the Sheik-uMslam. And asfor the Persian Mohammedans, theywould probably be attacked early inthe war by the Sultan's men. TheKurds would raid toward Teheran andRussians, Mohammedans and Persianswould oppose them.The sultan of Turkey might, however, cause a great deal of trouble byrousing the wild, tribes of Arabia.These Bedouins, always fighting theConstantinople ruler, might yet bebrought to his standard by a combination of religious fanaticism and desirefor booty. In British Somaliland, too,there are 500,000 Mohammedan negroid natives, who remember vividlythe wars cf the "Mad Mullah" andmight be induced to take up armsagain.The Germans promise to take advantage of Egypt's discontent. Egypthas been under the domination ofGreat Britain since lSSJJ. There have'been many pilots against the government in recent years and Turkishemissaries have lately been very busyIn Egypt. But the discontented classin the Nile valley is small. TheFellaheen, who are not fighters anyway, realize that British dominationhas meant better crops and bettertimes. There are, however, about sixhundred thousand desert nomads inEgypt and these might be rallied tothe jehad.Cairo is the seat of Moslem learning. Here is the Mosque and University of El Azhar, with 15,000 students.The Sheik-ul-Islam is himself a graduate. The students would join in ajehad and their influence would beconsiderable. But the 18,000 Egyptiantroops, who are officered by 'British,probably would stand by their masters. In the rest of Africa, Tripoli, recently conquered by Italy, might revolt. But Tunis and Algeria, which issupplying the celebrated Turcos,would be loyal to the tricolor.Most of the negroes of Africa are ;now Mohammedans, but ther,e is little 'unity among them. On the whole, the39,000,000 Mohammedan Africans Iunder French rule, the 15,000,000 underthe British rule, and the 2,000,000under Italian rule could scarcely beroused to seriotfs efforts against thewhites. The Kaiser has only 1,000,000Mohammedans in his African 'territory.Afghanistan is wholly Mohammedanand Beluchistan 90 per cent, but theSultan of Turkey is not held in especial veneration.Of the total population of the IndianEmpire, nearly 300,000,000. about 21per cent, is Mohammedan. With veryrare exceptions the Mohammedan communities are pro-British. They despise the Hindus and seek to allythemselves with the English againstthe majority race. Both Hindu and.Mohammedan regiments from Indianow fight for Great Britain in Prance,They vie with each other which cando the most for King George V.HIS FISH WAS A SUBMARINESCalifornian'8 Launch Was PulledThrough the Wave's by One ofUncle Sam's Fleet Crafts. .San Francisco. Honors for hookingj the biggest fish that ever got away goviolent tug. He grasped it.-with all his .might. So strong was the pull that the 'launch began to plunge wildly throughthe waves. ,After a few minutes of excited un-I certainty something strange and ,' shapeless rose from a swirl -of foam 'ahead. It was submarine K-27 takinsri a practice spin-. Ulrich's hook had '! fouled a rivet on the exterior of the' submarine. He cut the line.MAN HORSEWHIPPED BY GIRLYoung Woman Says He Threw StonesI at Her Poodle After Her Refusal. to pijrt. 'iiBoston. Because Leo Smoke, cus- i. todian of the city hall at Lynn,. threw'stones at 'her French. Doodle. Cutev., MisB Nellie 0vid twenty-two, daugh-ter of Mr and Mrg Henry c 0vidjhorsewhipped Smoke before a largej and delighted assemblage on the lawnin front -of the Duilding Tne blowsleft welts on Smokes face. That man hag been trying tQ flirtj with me two or three weeks she told! the Folice; refused to haTe any.thlnsr to do with him and he threw Istones at 'Cutey to get even lth meCutey is trained to'do many trickg jand bas WQn geveral prieg Miss..0vidsayg Vincent Agtor hag offered$2,000 for the dog.iN ., - ' r'JL-s- .'s&duiljiMZkML ryirXnr-''ilffjiiffiiiiiii,iia-flli.i -iiTrfr?' -JMinTnrtMi rift" fgfnlirh-- NOW 'IS THE TIMESTo Buy Your Fallf I. VfaFcld's Shoe Store, IOn Main Street, Between Sixth and Seventh.WALTER MARTIN!NEW UVERY STABLE!Nsw Carriages BusrSj RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention; Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, EtcHorses Boarded ByMauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin andj the Main Streeplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS.Stables EigthSt., MainjSt.'$SESBell TelephoneBulletins'1 $S ?$l9 HOW TROUBLES ARE REPAIREDThere is no red tape around ourmethod of repairing telephonetroubles and correcting faults inthe service. "When a report oftrouble is made to us it goes immediately to the proper departmentand the investigation begins atonce. The equipment, that is thesubscribers' J hie from the switch -, board to the telephone instrument,is thoroughly tested, and it' necessary, is inspected personally by acompetent man. "We have delicateinstruments on the test-board thatshow the nature of a trouble andindicate its location.Oftentimes the trouble is in acable or in a telephone instrumentand is of an involved nature. Insuch cases it is necessary to send aman out on the trouble. This requires more or less time and werealize that there is likely to be anunfortunate appearance of delayon. our. part. "We hope onr subCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYINCORPORATEDKrSkfflJ&w mmmsi.rkrf yVfff Hrrvi i- i" -i-lVi-Tr"'- i -iSflVifl i1 11.Vand Winter Shoes.The only J thing yoifwant to know is the shoe 'store that sells the "moststylish and most reliableshoes shoes that lookgood and are good andgive you satisfaction inevery respect. This shoestore isERNEST MARTINDay, Week or Month!Transfer Busi-1Both Phonesscribers -will understand that weare not neglecting their troubledjust because they do not see a manactually at work on their tele-'pbone. Frequently troubles occur"on telephones and are detected byus and corrected by us without thesubscriber knowing his line hasbeen out of order.The only thing in which we dealis telephone service. "We cannotgive good service over lines thatare in trouble. It is to our vitaLinterest to keep all lines clear and.we are constantly on the job. Weemploy men who are especiallytrained for this work. A complete'record is kept of every trouble and.complaint, the hour it is reportedand the hour it is corrected. "Weare in close touch with the situation at all hours. "We want oursubscribers to knov this and torealize that; their interests are ourinterests.(I)A Legally GUARANTEED CUREThinkof it, Mr. Farmer.here's a remedy for hoT cholera 4Pgmm Uaathat is sold under a "Legal Guarantee Bond." How 1MT nVcan you afford to take chances against hogr cholera fahMAdMBA t'when you enn cet this remedy on such terms? UITOWniBouraon Hog Sfto!esa Remedy iIs the only remedy ever put up that is guaranteed to cure and preYwnthoc cholera. It does the work better than any other knows remedy. Ifit did not, it vrould not be sold on such a stronsr euaractee. At AMlirciglsls. Write for free booklet tellinsr how to save your bogs.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY. Lexington, Ky."UiNV;:'r.y -'Jtt v' J,v -THE B6URBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 3 1914'Wolf, Wile & Co.J'ormerij Jfaufmarij Straus dc Co,HALLOWE'EN NIGHT A NIGHTOF FUN AND REVELRY.ANNOUNCEAn Exceptional Sale ofSUITSFor Women and MissesAT'li25.00-Due to a fortunate cash purchase we are ableto offer our patrons some very great values inJ Broadcloth, Gabardine and Serge Suits at a priceabout one-third less than their actual value.Colars are Black, Navy, Russian GreenDark Brown.The lot includes some Fur-Trimmed Suits.and4WOLF, WILE & CO.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, KentuckymiiiiMt t'frf ' c 1 1 ii a a i ii i i 'tt.: 4.4.4.4.4.4.Bands of masked fun-makers thronged Main Street in Paris Saturday nightcelebrating Hallowe'en, and they tookeverything before them.For one .night Paris staged a miniature "Mardi Gras'r in observation ofHallowe'en, Maskers ruled the streets,and every conceivable grotesquery of3. make-up was to be found among thehundreds of jolhners. Generally thecelebration was orderly, but of abandoned holidaf spirit. The liberties ofthe night within bounds were but little restricted by the police. Manyyoung women, priviiged by he powerof "Witch Night" to don men's clothes,did so, and spied out the secrets of"stag" dominion.But few times in trie history of Pariswas there such a cMwd of people onthe streets at night as made up Saturday night's celebration. The streetswere packed and lined from 5:30 toabout 10:30 p. m., and many of therevelers remained on the street untila much later hour.The crowd was noisiy but goodnatured and no disturbances of anyconsequence were reported. Thecrowd which filled the streets v wasorderly in its fun making, and everybody had a good time. Special policemen in plain clothes patrolled thestreets with strict orders to "bringanybody down" who disobeyed thalaw. Many "fake" fights furnisheddiversion for the throngs on theX i street, who rushed up frequently onlyj to find that the disturbance wascaused my a lot of pushing and lots1 of bantering between the" funmakers.j j As the evening progressed therejS I was a tendency in the crowds to be-come boisterous, but jiothing of avery serious nature developed and theold-timers were willing to conceile! that the crowd was one of the most4 orderly that had been seen on theJ streets of Paris in many years.? Black face- comedians were the most! numerous, while boys in girls cos-T tnmPR wprfi spp.Qiid choice. The by-plybetween the maskers and the spectators partook of good-natured bantering all along the line. The chanceswere that the dainty "young woman"who flirted up to the spectators on thestreet corner had a week's growth ofbealrd .under the mask, iiSle the-"rough guy" who bumped into anotherspectator further along was soon afterbetrayed by an exciamauon pucneu ma girlish tone and by a neat little No. 4shoe peeping from beneath the borrowed trousers.Fairies, witches, devils, and othermischief-making beings were out infull force on their baneful errands,and they held the center of the stage.Girls and boys dened the ordinaryconventionalities in the exchange ofclothing in their make-up, and all hadI l a lot oi innocent fun, for which therewas no adverse comment.A I.. I At the Paris High School a Hal4 lowe'en Social given by the pupils wasJ I largely attended, anc throughout the.j. city Hallowe'en parties at privatei homes made a merry night of it.About mid-night a series of explo-S I HJL O 3ST ' sParis KentuckySPECIAL SALE: , or r-Suits, Coats, DressesAnd Ladies' Ready To-Wear GoodsI haVe just 'retiirned from New York, where I succeded inbuying arn elesafnt assortment of high class Suits, Coats andDresses at remarkably low prices. These will be put on saleat once ett prices that the ladies of Paris cannot help butappredteffe. .Ir:t!!Ladies' Suits$15.00 Suits at $ 7.5020.00 Suits at 12.5025.00 Suits at 17.5030.00 and $35.00 Suits at 22.5040,00 and $45.00 Suits at 29.5050.00 and $65.00 Suits at 37.50Ladies' Coats$15.00 Coats at $ 9.9820.00 Coats at 14.5025.00 Coats at 19.7535.00 Coats at 24.50Ladies' Dresses$ 7.50 Dresses at $ 3.9812.50 Dresses at 7.5015.00 Dresses at 9.9820.00 Dresses at 14.5025.00 and $30.00 Dresses at 19.75Ladies' Skirts$ 5.00 Skirts at $3.987.50 Skirts at 4.9810.00 Skirts at 6.9812.00 and $15.00 Skirts at 9.98Children's Coats$ 5.00 Coats at $3.987.50 Coats at 4.9810.00 Coats at 7.5012.50 Coats at . 9.50xCrepe and MessalinePetticoatsAll Shade,$2.50 Petticoats at. ...... .1 . $1.694.00 Petticoats at 6.69. 5.00 Petticoats" at 3.50Ladies' and Children'sRain CoatsChildrens $500 Raincoats at $3.98Ladies $7.50 Raincoats at 4.98Ladie'3 $12.50 Raincoats at 9.98Children's Wash and WoolDresses51.50 Wash Dresses at. . . : $ .982.00 Wash Dresses at 1.252.50 Wash Dresses at 1.753.00 Wash Dresses at 1.983.50 Wool Dresses at 2.4S5.00 Wool Dresses at 3.93Ladies'Trimmed Hats$ 5.00 Hats at $3.507.50 Hats at 4.5010.00 Hats at e.ga12.50 Hats at 7.9815.00 Hats at 9,93IMARRY SIMONPARIS, KENTUCKYtWhen a man gets home late andMs dinner is cold, he Jcnows that hiswife will make it warm for him. Youplay this both ways.After a while, when the other statesfollow Wisconsin and adopt the Eugenic laws, we will have all the babiesregistered in a Her Book.sions on South' Majin Street mademany think the European war had 'J been transferred to that locality, but i with fun and jest and merry laughterand entirely devoid of the feature ofpast Hallowe'en's when the removalof gates, porch furniture and otherloose property was the sole amusement.investigation developed that jokersplaced torpedos on the interurbantrack, and the late car from Lexington passing over them gave an ideaof what the big battle in Europe is.It was altogether a gay night, filled!v,Emfory 68k Co.ctnnounce TheirReadiness to ShowNew Winter oMilliner:tttHUTCHCRAFT AT CARLISLE.Mr. Reuben Hutchcraft, of Paris,was one of the principal speakers atthe Democrati crally held -at Carlisle,Saturday night, and. one of his auditors, Avho was in Paris yesterday attending court said the speech wasone ot the best he had heard duringthe present campaign.SOME POTATO.'GREAT MINDS" DIFFER.In one of his sermons of the Tabernacle in this city recently EvangelistHam severely denounced moderndaneds and devotees of the dance. Inthe meeting being conducted at Lexington by Evangelist Sidney Williams,Sunday night, the evangelist took forhis subject "There Is No Harm inDancing." He invited every collegeboy and" girl and all the young peopleof Lexington to hear the sermon.Especially Designed ForWeddings, Receptions andTheatre WearEntirely new effects trimmed with fur,.paradise, plumes, goxira and other handsome'novelties.A distinctive feature will be the greatvariety of styles shown. In all this collectionof dressy" hats no duplicates will be seen.THE BEST HEATER AND RANGE.Get the New Process Gas Rangeand Heater, from the leading stoveman.A. F. WHEELER & CO.As an example of the fertility ofBourbon County soil, and to shdw whatBourbon County can produce in theway of unusual vegetable growth,there is on display in the show win-1dow of A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.,in this city, a sweet potato weighingnine pounds and nine ounces. Therare specimen was grown by Mr. JohnG. Redmon. on his farm on the Jacks-town pike.If Gefri. Marion, the noted "SwampFox" of Revolutionary war had had aload of these big fellows to feed hisContinentals on the British would havebeen more storunded than they were.If a ten-cent stranger Hatters- awoman, she knows it is Gospel Truth.But if her husband flatters .her, she.knows it is Plain Bull.STRAYS TAKEN UP.HOUSEKEEPERS.Get the New Process Gas Heaterand Hange the kind that saves youmoney and work!A. F. WHEELER & CO.COUNTERFEIT BILL DISCOVERED.Two mares, one a grey and the othera bay. Are now on pasture. Owner canhave same by proving property andpaying all charges.JOHN M. FLANNAGAN.For RentCottage on Vine Street, Apply toJOHN T. HINTON.(Nov. 3-tf)Discovery of a new counterfeit $10United States note, series of 1901, isannounced by the Secret Service. Thebill is characterized as a fairly deceptive counterfeit bearing the numberE780440.Stray Horse.There came to my place near Austerlitz, on Tuesday night, a large bayhorse. Owner can have same byproving property and paying allcharges.J. R .BUTLERHome Phone 51-3 Clmtonville E'wCHICKENS FOR SALE.ON LONG -WALK.Mr. and Mrs .H. W. Paxton, of Jack-150 the finest chickens in Parisall fine breeds, for sale. Call on oraddress(27-3t) MRS. M. A. PATON.lsonville, Fla., passed through Paris &Wednesday, on a 5,800 mile hike. According to Paxton if he and his Avifewalked 5,800 miles in 255 days theywould receive $5,000. Starting fromJacksonville they 'have already walked4,925 miles.Paxton claims to rank nex.t to Weston and Dan .O'Leary as a, long distance walker, ' and Several yeaTs "agowalked from the Atlantic to the Pacificin an effort to break Weston's record,carry itfg his own Aater and provisionsthrough the American desert. Hemade the trip in 58 days but failed totouch Weston's record.After receiving" a letter from Mr.Will McClintock and Mr. Will Talbott,Paxton and his wife proceeded to Win-.Chester,j,SMg'5,5"it C' 'I! 4Ir''vI,u?-t'! ftfrtII-MfryUNICENTRALtI"ADAMS EXPRESS COMP'ANV'SFREE TRANSPORTATION.Embryo (2& Co.- .;.i oin Street, EastrfLexington, Ky.J4Ny.i.i-On Nov. 10th.- a United States Government steamer will leave Brooklyn,N. Y., carrying Christmas gilts donated for the children of Europe. TheAdams Express Company will carrysuch Christmas gifts free of chargeto Brooklyn, N. Y., from points wherethe express service is necessary-Onaccount of the limited time betweennow vand sailing. The shipments' mustbe marked Christmas Gifts tor theChildren of Europe."- ADAMS EXPRESS COMPANY.C. E. Colliver, Agent.PARrs, KY.LIFE INSURANCE CO. IStrongest Company.Lowest Net Rate.h?fMISSKateAlexanderAGENTI ALSO SOLICITrII Fire, Windand AutomobileWhen a man wants to see"-a girl-theworst wayhe ought to call atlierCInsurancel and will greatly appreciateI your consideration. -'I MISS jIATE. J&EXAH0EI;HEATERS!$4.00 to $25.00INSTALLED.Satisfaction Guaranteed.T'Pef$kcirKgc&.MiillllllJllilllhflliaitx(Iccoi!ortd)...... r'CAii..v - , ' " rjwuu j&uuie morning, aiour t)rKiasriw.-S-'pS. a "."rt'H',THE BOURBON NEWS PARiS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 3r 1914..x,ozf$mfa.srS&SOCIAL AND PERSONALHAS THE BEST Vnr ALL LINES MADE .COUfNTYTAX DUE. JThe county tax lists. J?re now ready. PayourfcaxcsDCTorcuc-rmbcr 1, and savethe six per cent. pen- Jarty cnac win accacnori all unpaid taxeson that date. .W. r. i it$fj ii,Headers of the BourbonNews will confer a favor ifthey will call No. 124, bothphones, and telephone us anyitems of news they may learn,particularly the coming andgoing of visitors. If youhave guests, show them thecourtesy of giving their namesto our paper.rtftiPOTATOES.the car load; egtour price.U)GAN HOWARD."r SALE OF BANK Sf OCK.auctioneer M. P. Kenney sold Monday at the courthouse door for Mr. Vernta Leer five shares of the Depositaud Peoples' Bank at $2U0.PUBLIC RENTING.Auctioneer M. P. Kenney rentedMonday at the courthouse door inpttrb for W. P. Fisher, gardian forthe torni in the Steele pike about fivebis irom Paris containing 92 acres,to Amos McKinzea at $10. G2 1-2 perACCEPTED POSITION HERE. jguests were given a most delightfultime.. Misses Mabel Robbins and GraceHaskin attended the "Prince of Pilsen" performance in LexingtonTHANKSGIVING TURKEY.With the coming" of November, interest will center in the opening of theturkev trads tvhioTi ic nf v.Mrs. Houston Rion and daughter, extensive industries in this section ofDr. D. S. Henry has returned fromSheriff Bourbon County. a HST" has refrom a visit in Hazard, Ky.Mr. Rudolph Davis has returnedfrom a business trip to Louisville.Miss Louise Wyatt has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Cynthiana.Miss Blanche Lilleston is a guestul iui&. uau rviniDrougn, m uynthiana.Mrs. L. Lykens is visiting Mr.and Mrs. Conner Lykens, in CannelCity.Mrs, W. B, Woodford has a3 hergllest, Miss Lydia Lloyd, of MasonCounty.Mr. and Mrs. John Clajke have returned from a visit to friends in Hazard, Ky.Mrs. Dennis Dundon has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. J. P. Herhdon, inLouisville.Mrs. Thos. Afieil has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Loraine Bramble,in Cynthiana.Mr. -Clark Wilson has returnedfrom a business trip to Columbus andCleveland, Ohio.Mr. Harry O'Brien, of New Or-iss Maude Randall, who has been leans, is the guest of his brother, Mr.U resident Red Cross nurse at Haz-1 James M. O'Brien, and his sister,ard Kv. for sometime, has resigned j Miss Julia O'Brien,lit position and accepted a position j The Catholic Women's Leagueis mire in the Massie Memorial Hos- will entertain at their hall, on High-. In tlii-s eitv. Miss Randall as- Street, this evening.dunes in uiut institution J . -urs. Lewis nan nas reiurnea toher'i.l .TURKEYS.j her home in Winchester alter a visitJ to friends in this city,j Mrs. W. Rhodes Shackleford, ofRichmond, is a guest of friends andrelatives in this county.Miss Ret.sv Rav. nf RhplhvvillpWe Will begin receiV- I is the guest of Miss Margaret Bean, onfag turkeys "for the the Georgetown pike.-xrtnM-LrcrllryAAzr'U:t Dr. Mp.rtha Petree and motherh liU.f9.t ....a, .-- - --Thursday, Nov. 9Gladys, were guests Saturdav of Mrand Mrs. Frank 'Wright, in Winchester. Mrs. Ernest Hosier, of Lexington.is a guest of her mother, Mrs. Carriei' . btone, at Mrs. Bishop Hibler's home,on Walker Avenue.Mr. William Woodford, of KansasCity, Mo., is a guest of his parents,Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Woodford, at theircountry home near Paris."' A slight improvement is reportedin the condition of r. C. Lem Olfuttnear Newtown, Scott County, who hasbeen critically ill with pneumonia.Mr. W. K. Griffin, of the dispatcher's force of the L. & N. at thispoint, left Saturday evening for avisit to friends, in Earlington, Ky.,anu rsiujuviue, ienn.Miss Helen Curtis has returnedreturned from a visit to friends inDayton, O. En-route home she stopped over for a pleasant visit to friendsin Avondale, near Cincinnati.The Pastor's Aid Society of theMethodist Church will meet this nf-Iternoon in the lecture room of thechurch at two o'clock, Mrs. Chipleywill take part ill the program. Ailfare cordially invited.Mrs. J. W. Zevehly has returned toher home in Muskogee, Oklahoma,after a visit of several weeks to hermother, Mrs. Green Clay, who hasbeen seriously ill at her home on Second Street. Mrs. Clay is reported asbeing greatly improved.Mr. and Mrs. James T. Kiser entertained at their country home Sat-j urday with a Hallowe'en party. Thenome was tastelully decorated withautumn leaves and witches and pumpkin devils. A delicious supper consisting of old country ham, friedchicken, and hot rolls and coffee, chocolate and pumpkin pie, was served tothe guests.The Nurses' Home on Fithian Avenue to be devoted o the use of thenurses of the Massie Memorial Hospital, was informally opened Saturdaynight with a Hallowe'en party, inwhich Misses Robinson, Hall, Gray,Harley and Mattingly, of the nursesstaff, took an active and leading part.B.i have returned from a visit to MrsP. Adcock, in Winchester.Mrs. W. R. Curie, who has been aguest of Mrs. C. B. McShane, lias returned to her home in CynthianaMr. and Mrs. S. E. McClanahan, ofj Paris, were guests last week of Mr.Heater j and Mrs. W. H. Farris, near Plemingsi burg.j Mr. M. B. Lovell and Mr. JamesBatterton have returned from Chica-; go where they attended the National Ij Dairy Show.The November term of the Bourbon j Rev. Dr. E. H. Pearce, of Danville.Circuit Court will begin on Novem- j vvas the guest of the Misses JaynesChas. S-w Brent & Bro.'HOW TO SAVE MONEY.Buy a New Process Gasiiid Range, fromA. F. WHEELER & COBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.her 9th. The docket is very large,ughty new ordinary and equity appearaLces having been -filed lately. JudgeRcbt. L. Stout will preside, and thecommonwealth will be represented byHon. Victor Bradley.last week and attended the Ham- Ramsay meeting.Mr. "Whittington Mann has re-jturned from a visit to his brother, Mr.Ray Mann, who has been seriouslyill in Louisville.Mrs. M. G. Thomson, formerly ofParis, and now principal of HamiltonCollege, in Lexington, was a visitor inAfter some delay Jack Frost has ar- j Paris Saturday,rived in all a warrior's guise. He j Mr. Owen L. Davis, Mr. W. W.laid his hand on the trees, flowers, Mitchell and Mr. W. H. Harris returnplants and vines with blighting effect, i ed Saturday from a ten days' stay atchanging the aspect of nature from j Martinsville, Indspring-like greenness to autumal som-t Mrs. J. M. Poyntz and Miss Kath-JACK FROST ARRIVES.hreness. There were slight touchesof frost before this but no damage wasilone. The first frost usually comesWween the first and fifteen of Octoler. Before this time last year weLed had several snows."SUCH IS FAME."leen Poyntz have returned to theirhome in Richmond after a visit to relatives in this city.the State for a few weeks precedingThanksgiving and "Christmas. The business is carried on by C. S. Brent &Brother, of Paris, on a very large scaleat their four shipping centers, Paris,Carlisle, Millersburg and Flemingsburg, from where they ship thousandsof these birds to the Eastern markets.Agents who have been going throughthe counties in which these towns aresituated report an abundant crop, butof rather inferior quality being generally lean, though many owners arefattening their flocks being desirousof getting larger returns. It is thoughtthat the price will be lower than forseveral seasons, owin to the largenvimber and poor condition. The market will open here and at the otherpoints mentioned, November 10.TURKEYS.We will begin receiving turkeys for theThanksgiving MarketMonday, Nov. 9.Chas. S. Brent 8c Bro,IMPORTANT NOTICE.We have only about three moreweeks in which to luy gas services, bowould urge that all prospective gasconsumers place thoir orders for services at once, before" cold weathermakes it impossible for us to dig up thestreet.PARTS GAS " ELECTRIC CO., Inc.Mr. Th03. B. Talbott, of Louisville, was a guest Sunday of Mr. andMrs. J. Sims Wilson. Mr. Talbott,who is a former resident of Paris,and who has for some time been theSunday-school Evangelist of the WestLexington Presbytery in the SouthernPresbyterian church, has just beenelected Superintendent of the HomeMission Work of the Presbytery.Winchester Sun: "Misses Mattieand Frances Wright, daughters of Mr.and Mrs. F. B. Wright, entertainedSaturday afternoon with a Halloweenparty in honor of a number of theiryoung friends at their home on FitchAventie. Among their guests wereMisses Anna Rutherford and ElizabethDuncan, Gladys Rion and Master RenaClark, of Paris."Miss Ella Loomis, who has beena popular member of the operatingforce of the Cumberland TelephoneCo.'s local office for several years, hasresigned her position. Miss Loomisleft this morning for a week's visit toher mother, Mrs. R. A. Loomis, atDemossville, Ky., after which she willgo to Heron, 111., to make her futurehome with her sister, Mrs. Phillips.WANTED IN PENDLETON.Earnest Walters and Lewis Gardner,wanted in Falmouth on a charge of destroying property, were arrested hereby Patrolman King and returned tothat city. When searched here a bigKrupp cannon was found concealed inGardner's hip pocket.BUILD FENCES NOW.Build your fences now you will betoo busy in the spring. We have afine lot of locust posts, oak pickets,oak fencing plank and oak farm gates.(27-4t) BOURBON LUMBER CO.HAVE A CARE HUNTERS.'Executive Agent J. Quincy Ward, ofthe State Fish and Game Commissionhas appointed 32 district wardelns,who will this week appoint county fishand game wardens for the counties intheir district. Geo. M. Hill, of Paris,and L. C. Shaw, of Frankfort, werere-appointed as State Game Wardens.The Clarke's Remedies.We now own all the patents an d copyrights of the late Dr.Chas. J. Clarke. Dr. Upington will continue to put up these reliable remedies under the original Clarke formula, and we willhave them in stock at all times.Among the best known are Clarke's Nerve Ease, Clarke's Tonic, Clarke's Face Powder, Parisine Cream, Clarke's Tooth Wash,and Clarke's Cough Medicine.Also the following Poultry and Live Stock Remedies: Clarke'sLimberneck and Roup Remedy, Clarke's Liquid Poultry Tonic,Clarke's Gape Remedy, Condition Powder for Stock, and Clarke'sHog Remedy.We want to supply these preparations to their many old friendsand know they are deserving of new friends. We recommendespecially Clarke's Nerve Else for headache, and Neuralgia, andClarke's Limberneck and Roup Remedy for Poultry disorders.These preparations have all been thoroughly tested and haTeproven their merit.Your prescriptions accurately filled. '- "" "The Ardery Drug CaClarke's Old Stand.! Thomas. Woodford l7I & BryanFIRE, WIND AND LIGHTNINGINSURANCE-ON TOBACCO AND BARNS, iSAVE YOUR COAL BILLS.PROMPT SETTLEMENTS.When you get ready to lay in your ; . .winter coal we can save you money. JPhones 336. :(15-tf) J. H. BATTERTON. -i--fr-!-l-l-fr-I--I-i"M-i"M--fr-tAir. and Mrs. Thomas Bucknerentertained delightfully Friday when jthe members of the Country Club meti-Mr. Bert Ray lias returned to his home T1 weroJ invited ,lop flemUnder the head o "Men and Maters ' Sunday's Lexington Herald con-v-ysthe following astonishing informa-"Buckner Woodford, cashier of the"ourbon Bank & Trust Company, ofjris; Professor W. L. Yerkes, countyread engineer: Claude Redmon andhome in Flemingsburg, atter a visitto his sister, Mrs. J. Morgan Brown,on Mt. Airy Avenue.Mr. and Airs. Kiser Smith andlittle daughter, Vivian, and Mrs. Fannie Smith have returned from a visitto friends in Mt. Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. Stanhope Wiedeman and Mrs. Scott attended the dansant given at the Phoenix Hotel, inLexington, Saturday night.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Milcahey,who have been guests of their daugh-EL'ECTION DAY..urles Webber, of the Bourbon Gar- ten Mrs. George . Phillips, have re.- it Supply Company, were among : turned to their home in Covington.If Bourbonites in Lexington, yester-1 aj- George Mozart Kiser. of theWinchester Sun, was a visitor in! Paris, Sunday evening, and attendedj the closing meeting at the Tabernacle.I Misses Mary Fithian Hutchcrafti., Tuesday, Nov. 3rd., is elec-and Helen Hutchcraft attended thej day. It is more than likely j annuai dance of the Chi Omega Frater-clrpady the minds of the voters I nity at Harantou College, in Lexing-.. e been made up as to just how ton Saturday night.1 . Lre going to cast their ballots. If ' Mrs. William Kenney Ferguson, of' v nave not they will have the doc- j parjSf was one of the guests Friday'iirf; of the various parties handeu j afternoon of Miof fT.curs. Jw5enh Walker Fin-o them on a thousand stumps iev at a reception tendered her bridgev.eek,' for every available orator cluD in Georgetown.ry description has been pressed , Mr A c wickliffe and Mrs. B. V.-ervice for the final onslaught. ! Harget, of Lexington, and MissesLlg guns as well as the small j Mary and Anna Vaught, of Talmage,re "shelling the woods" with all Kv v.'ere guests last week of Mr.u-'ic. 0f ammunition, each hoping to j Irs j t Martin.SU a shining mark. After today, J MranoIrfMfHte WardhavirrTuesday, things are expected to set-turned from a visit in St. Louis, Mo.lie Cown for a brief spell, and the rjuring his absence Mr. Ward was in"(kL- pKple" will have an opportunity Kansas city several days, where heto take a brief rest cure. For all j CteQ as judge in the horse show heldMuch the same "dear people" are no in tbat city.loubt thanliful. j Mr. Charlton Clay was host to acharming house party at .his home,JUST WHAT YOU WANT. "Marchmont," last week, the party be-. nig composed of Misses Martha ripToy -win find just the lumber you jleed to build vour corn cribs, at ourI'ltnt,'-T-4U BOURBON LUMBER Co.ton, of New York City, Eunice Brower,and Mr. Edward Stoll, of Lexington.Mrs. W. G. McClintock, of Paris,was on the receiving line at the renantinn siren in Lexington. SaturdayTHE EOUREON NEWS IS . pftPrnoon. bv Mrs. sa Jewell, Mrs.NOT AT ALL -PEEVED." Jolm Jewell and Miss Frances Jewell,I in honor of Mrs. Matt Savage Walton.1 a recent sermon at the Taber- Dr. m. H. Dailey attended the semi-1 1 tV- Evangelist Ham advised his I annua' banquet and meeting of theauTorc to cunnnrt fwonaners which. r.. .,,. rinnfoi AcoAm-jtinnflf MipTo-s l said, had given his meetings sup- j and Hote l,in Lexington, SaturdayUn. No mention was made of the j nrgnt jn addition to thQ dontistsother two Paris appers. The News , Irom 'the Bluegrass Counties, fifteen'- r-ot at the least bit "peeved" overrrronl Louisville were present.the omission. Its files will show that Mrs mGS Turney, of Paris, wasthe Kam-Ramsay meetings were given one f g hostesses at the dance andrroppr representation in its columns, Hollowe'en party given at Hamilton" rvs matter only, and the space ' (0negef in Lexington, Saturday evef ' -oted it wa.s proportioned accord- ning Dy the Clli omega Chapter of the'r to its value as a news item, and ,ni Qmega Fraternity to the faculty' .tten in the News office. The News and young adies of the Transylvania1 is consistenly treated the meeting as and Hamilton College.a "ews item, and again we repeat that MissMarie Talbott entertained aare not at all "peeved." "We will party of twelve young lady friends at'continue furnishing a newspaper, , lier home on the Peacock- pike, Fridayr jtr we or our successors,, long . CVGninz with five hundredparty. The? r the memory of the Ham-Ttams&y jione -as beautifully decorated withKVmc has passed nto the misty Hallowe'en r emblems, Jin keeping. .witho'clock, and atter the delicious substantial dinner was served. AuctionBridge were enjoyed ror several hours.The guests included Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr., Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Kenney, Mr. and Mrs. SamuelClay, Mr. and Mrs. Warren Rogers, Mr.and Mrs. Louis Rogers, Mr. and Mrs.Tolliver Young, Mr. and Mrs. FrankCollins, Mr. and Mrs. James Woodford,i "Mr nrwl ATrc Stmiiipl TTpTvlinp- ATrand Mrs. Walter Kenney, Mrs. EddieHinton, Misses Mary Clay, Sallie Lockhart, Mary Woodford, Alice Bohannon,Lucile Marsh and Messrs. AyletteBuckner, Woodford Buckner, JamesDodge and Walker Buckner.Those who nartook of the hospitalitywere: Miss Jennie Kiser, Mr. MillerKiser, Mr. Earnest Kiser, Mr. and Mrs.fipnrcra Current. Mr. and Mrs. I. N.Keller, Miss Julia Keller, Mr. and Mrs.Ed. Keller and daughters, Misses Letaand Christine Kell Muss Bettie;Smith, Mr. Frank Skillman, Miss Jessie Crisp, Mr. Walker Kiser, Air. Kenney Kiser, Air. Wallace Kiser MissAlhmie Kiser, Miss Grace Kiser,I Air. Stoner Keller, Air. Alatt Keller,Air. Leo. Hudson, Miss iSora mmson,Miss Sophia Hudson, Mrs. E. L. Davis,the latter of Berea.After enjoying a 6ame of progressive euchre, in which Aliss Leta Kisercaptured the first prize, a lovely cutglass and silver toilet set, and Air.Ernest Kiser the gentlemen's prize, ahammere'ls brass smoking set, andthe booby prizes going to Air. KennieKiser and Aliss Grace Kiser, a greatdeal of fun was had in cutting thefortune cake, Air. Frank Skillman cutthe ring and Air. Stoner Keller thedarning needle. Aliss Jenn?a Kiserthe .money.ijUb,,Therefore - Ienaty pastINJURIES CAUSE TEMPORARY INSANITY.As the result of injuries sustainedby falling from a tobacco barn on thefarm of Air. Ben Woodford severalweeks ago, Air. Jas. Bennett, a carpenter, who has been confined in theMassie Alemorial Hospital, developedmental trouble which necessitated hisremoval to the Eastern Kentucky Hospital, at Lexington, Saturday. Physicians are of the opinion that he willrecover.That which you buy should be worth buying.every endeavor to keep a stock of theWe useD. A. R. TO MEET.The Jemima Johnson , Chapter, D.A. R., of Paris, will meet at the. 'residence of the Misses Williams, onPleasant Street, next Saturday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock. The feature- ofthe program will be the report of ther State uonierence, neia m, cuwiuigGreen Oct. 28-30. "TJie Pans Chapterwa. honored by having its representative, ,Mrs. Louis Rogers elected State::Very Best Ftirniture,Wall PapersRugs.and will be much pleased to have YOU come and investigate. We handle nothing second hand.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYVParis, Kentucky-Phones 36Undertaking Afnbulance Wood Mantelsthe holiday spirit of the occaaion. The Treasurer of tiki organization:McDoiigal Kitchen Cabinets.jUiiMiiMmin iiimw HFoster Bros. Safety Cribs. -t,? vNs3J."l;.-HAfafc- --. . yLj.Jt.ri-4ffth-ia.ataL&fs."iV-.-1 --:;' rf-r- J MJ'' -Ii,v , "js:THE BOURBON NEWS, 9PARIS,, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER, 3,. t1 914?M 5In1n4;VSI4yM1lUneeda Biscuit1 Nourishment fine flavor purity crispnesswholesomeness. Allfor 5 cents, in thexnoisture-proofpackage.Graham CrackersA food for every day.Crisp, delicious andstrengthening. Freshbaked and fresh delivered, io cents.A delightful new biscuit, with a rich anddelicious cocoanut flavor. Crisp and alwaysfresh, zo cents.Buy biscuit baked byNATIONAL BISCUITCOMPANYAlways look for that NameJCOUTY COURT DAYS.Below is a list of the days CountyCourts are held each month in coun- jties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawrecenurg, 3d Monday.Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, ltt Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Pendleton, Falmoi.cn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.rPulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Woodford, Versailles. 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Carrard, Lancaster, 4 th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, tnd Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday.Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Monday-RoseGeranium.Geranium oil is largely used in perfamery, and is known as rose geranium, owing to the common practice ofadding rose petals to the plants before distillation.nw3"i"it-c,i"'ir"i"i"-:-'i' - 'fiIST.1I b It Worth taring??4Ask us to give you therates. We give especial at-tention to all farm business.Try us. Call 36 or 171 day,56 night.IW. 0. HINTON& SON, .THE NEW FIRM.H HI I IHM''''I'frM"I'M"H''M';M"foMwaurv ii n illUBBSsp,J.3BgO!gftBWlgja0Blssssssw7ll"HHbsPowCertainlyARE YOUR KIDNEYS WELL?Many Paris People Know the Importance of Healthy Kidneys.The kidneys filter tne blood.They work night and day.Well kidneys remove impurities.Weak kidneys allow impurities tomultiply.No kidney ill should be neglected.There is possible danger in delay.If you have backache or urinarytroubles.If you are nervous, dizzy or wornout,Begin treating your kidneys at once;Use a proven kidney remedy.None endorsed like Doan's KidneyPills.Recommended by thousands.Proved by Winchester testimony.A. G. McCauley, 134 S. Maple St.,Winchester, Ky., sas: "I had painsthrough my kidneys and the kidneysecretions were scanty and painful inpassage. On the recommendation of afriend, I got a box of Doan's KidneyPills and the results of their use convinced me of their merit. I now gladlv confirm what I said about them before." The above is not an isolated case.Mr. McCauley is only one of many inthis vicinity who have gratefully endorsed Doan's. If your back aches ifyour kidneys bother you, don't simplyask for a kidney remedy ask distinctly for Qoan's Kidney Pills, the samethat Mr. McCauley had. 50c all stores.Foster-Mjlburn Co., Props., Buffalo,N. Y.(11-3) adv.House-FIy Lifting Power.'A house-fly, held by the wings andbrought close to a match, lifted it up-with its feet. To perform a proportionate feat, a man would have to lifta beam 26 feet long and 13 inchesthick.IT REALLY DOES RELIEVE RHEUMATISM.Everybody who is afficted withRheumatism in any form should byall means keep a bottle of Sloan'sTiniment on hand. The minute vo"feel pain or soreness in a joint ormuscle, bathe it with Sloan's Liniment. Do not rub it. Sloan's penetrates almost immediately right tothe seat of pain, relieving the hot,ender, swollen feeling and makinsrthe part easy and comfortable. Get abottle of Sloan's Liniment for 25 centsof any druggist and have it in thehouse against colds, sore and swollenjoints, rheumatism, neuralgia, sciaticaand like ailments. Your money backif not satisfied, but it does give almost instant relief.i (Nov.) adv.The Perfect Standard.It is a mistake to set up our ownstandard ot right and wrong, and expect everybody to conform to it. TheBible standard is the only perfectone, and we must allow others thesame right of interpreting it as weclaim for ourselves. Selected.DESPONDENCY DUETO INDIGESTION.It is not at all surprising that parsons who have indigestion becomediscouraged and despondent. Here area few words of hope and cheer torthem by Mrs. Blanche Boweis, Indiana, Pa. "For years my digestionwas so poor that I could only eat thelightest foods. I tried every thingthat 1 heard of to get relief, but notuntil about a year ago when I sawChamberlain's Tablets advertised andgot a bottle of them, did I find theright treatment. I soon began toimprove, and since taking a few bottles of them my digestion is fine." Forsale by all dealers.(Nov.) adv.Eye of the Eagle.That the eagle can look into the in-tense sunlight without blinking is ex-plained by the fact that the bird hasa thin transparent veil which it candraw over the eyeball when occasionrequires and which tempers the light,but does not obstruct the vision.REMARKABLE CURE OF CROUP.DON'T DELAY TREATINGYOUR COUGH.A slight cougli often becomes serious, Lungs get congested, BronchialTubes fill with mucous. Your vitalityis reduced. You need Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey.It sootlies your irritatedair passages, loosens mucous andmakes your system resist Colds. GivePine-Tar-Honey. It's guaranteed tohelp them. Only 25c. at your Druggist.(Nov.) adv.Still Believe In Charms.A London physician practicing inthe poorer districts of that city saysthat 25 per cent of the children coming under his observation wearcharms and amulets under their clothing. "Last winter when my little boy hadcroup I got him, a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. I honestly believe it saved his life," writes Mrs. J.B. Cook, Indiana, Pa. "It cut thephlegm and relieved his coughingspells. I am most grateful for whatthis remedy has done for him." Forsale by all dealers.(Nov.) adv.She Was Not Worrying.Old Husband "What was he doingthe other night that young masher?He seemed to be edging up prettyclose to you." Young Wife "I don'tknow I never worry about other people's business." Life.IMPORTANT.Bear in mind that Chamberlain'sTablets not only move the bowels butj improve the appetite and strengthenthe disgestion. For sale by all dealers.(Nov.) , adv.SAVING THE' VENUS OF MILOExtraordinary Precautions Taken toGuard Art Treasure Impossible to Replace.When, during the war of 1870, theGerman army drew near the Frenchcapital, one of the first measures theParisians took was to place the arttreasures of the Louvre in lafety. Thepaintings of Raphael, Titian, Paolo,Veronese, Rembrandt and Rubenswere carefully packed and shipped toBrest. There they could, if necessary,be put on shipboard and taken fromthe country.It was not so easy to save the piecesof marble statuary, for their weightand fragility made them difficult tohandle; but the French determinedthat the famous Venus of Milo, atleast, should not fall into the handsof the Prussians.So they took her down from her pedestal and laid her in a casket carefullypadded and wrapped. At night thecasket was taken out through a secretdoor and hidden secretly in the cellarof the police prefecture, at the endof a certain passageway.They walled in the casket and cleverly gave the wall an appearance ofgreat age and dilapidation. In frontof this wall they laid a number of valuable public documents, so that if theyshould happen to be found their importance would lead the discoverersto think there was nothing else hidden there. In front of the papers theybuilt another wall. Here the Venusof Milo remained, much to the distressof those patriotic Parisians who didnot know where she was and supposedthat she had been stolen, through thesiege of the city by the Germans andthrough the disorders of the commune.One day the prefecture caught fireand was pretty completely destroyed.The distress of those who knew thatthe Venus was concealed there canbe imagined. As soon as the fire wasextinguished they hastened to the sinking ruins and after some diggingfound the casket, buried in heaps ofdirt and stones, but uninjured.It is understood that the Venus hasgone into hiding again this year, notto reappear until peace is restored andParis is free from danger of the in-i vader. Youth's Companion.MILITARISM HAS NO PLACEStern Indictment of Existing Order ofThings Put Forth by Writerof Authority.The world shudders and lifts a handthat trembles from the very awfulnessof war. An armistice follows, the poorthinks that had been men lovers, husbands, fathers are gathered in alltheir hideous, mangled loathsomenessand buried. Ten men sit around acouncil table. The issue is still thesame, right is right, wrong is wrong.Both sides give and take. A treatysettles what a thousand battles couldnot solve. Debt, taxes, pensions, bereavement and poverty follow in anawful train, and two nations build upanother army and navy to insure andprotect peace. And the world hugs itsmad delusion and squanders the substance of its people for a lie; for alie, either way you view It. If we aretruly civilized, really, the product ofthe constructive forces of thought andintelligence, then militarism has norightful place in our scheme of thingsAnd if militarism is by any possibleargument justified, then we are notcivilized; we are savages disguised bya veneer of culture; we are barbariansmasquerading in "a thing of shredsand patches." Dr. Thomes E. Green,in "Imbecility of Militarism."Legend of the Lincoln Imp.Have you ever heard the story oft the "Lincoln Imp?" Listen, and Iwill tell you about that wicked little1 sprite.' In the eastern part of England1 there is a quaint old town named( Lincoln, or Linclum, as it was calledin olden days. This town, which ishundreds of years old, is built on ahillside, and what do you think is ontop of that hill? A beautiful cathedral! One day, a long time ago, thedevil let loose some of the little demons to play. One of them thoughtit would be great fun to get into thecathedral and make mischief. So heslipped away from the others and entering the church he ran down theaisles, and after tearing up the prayerbooks he broke the two great candlesticks which were on the altar, anddid ever so many other wicked andnaughty things. Suddenly he heardthe sound of music! It was the organplaying and the choir singing for vespers. The music enchanted the littledevil and he remained quiet for solong a time that he finally was turnedto Btone, and there he has stayedever since. You may see him to thisday, perched high on the columns ofthe choir. This is the legend of the"Lincoln Imp." The Churchman.Activities of Women.Fifteen women are seeking eeats inthe Washington legislature.The former sultan of Zanzibar isstranded in Paris with his 15 wives.Baku, Caucasus,, has a populationof 217,853, of whom 93,982 are women."Under the provisions of the will ofMrs. Emily Zoller of New York city,her pet dog is left $200 for his keepduring the rest of his life.Textile workers in Japan threatento go on a strike unless the 32 -womenwho were discharged from one of themills are' reinstated. 'To avoid the use of the name of aGerman town a Paris magazine hasopened a competition asking FrenchSlrls to find a new name for Cologne.$3$i&.'.'. - ? iiii;r.;vPilSPi:'ili-K:V:'-HHw'' ' i3i&.4sfK-K . I v;3W?Kr nKAv .-K- v:(sffflc-3F TRBtwv . -nTr.- .wfi-H's-cip , t.iT!$c(. .T"" 'I ,TH II wnenIIIIBuying IBaking IPowder 1VI For this is thefl (baking powder '? ,that makes "the(baking better." 1It leavens the pfood evenly AI throughout; puffsit up to airy light- ma ness, makes it de- ttlightfully appetizingand wholesome.Remember Calumetfg is moderate in price,highest in quality. mI Ask your grocer for mCalumet. Don't take af substitute.'Received HighestAwardsAmerican Fishes.I The fishes of America north of theIsthmus ot Panama embrace three, classes, 30 orders, 223 families, 1,113genera, 335 sub-genera, 3,2(53 speciesand 133 sub-species.Ylang-Ylang.Ylan-'--'i?ng, or cananga oil, is de-. rived liom the flowers of Canangaodorata and is regarded as one of themost delicious odors in the market. Itlis also produced in the Philippines.Worn 0a(?No doubt you are, ifyou suffer from any of thenumerous ailments towhich an women are subject. Headache, backache, sideache, nervousness, weak, tired feelingare some of the -symptoms,and you must ridyourself of them in orderto feci well. Thousandsof women, who havebeen benefited by thisremedy, urge ycu toTAKECardui IThe Woman's TonicMrs. Sylvania Woods,cf Clifton Mills, Ky., says:"Before taking Cardui,I was, at times, so weak Icould hardly walk, andthe pain in my back andhead nearly killed me.After taking three bottlesof Cardui, the pains disappeared. Now I feel aswell as I ever did. Everysuffering woman shouldtry Cardui." Getabottletoday. E-681 !thReceived Highesttw.rasv MWorld's Pure Food Exposition,Chicago, Illinois, Paris Exposition, MW France. Msrck, 1912.i v- sm i- rrvsEQtaei5s5 EmALUMEJh8St. KjMET BAKING POVy jJoCHicAeq'VI You don't sare zaoney wnen yon bur cheap or bit;-caa I jI Baiting powder. Don't be misled. Buy Calumet. It's I II more ecocomical more wholesome gives best results. I jI Calumet is far superior to soar ci'k and soda. I I, sjMMm"' it'll i ' m n"ii'i i ' ' hi rswjtfI IMISSED! The 2:30!What else has he missed?AN OPPORTUNITY!C. 'Perhaps he didn't know the train time, his watch was wrong.C. If he had had a phone he could have learned the train schedule; hecould have learned the correct time.C. And in nine cases out of ten he could have telephoned and savedhours of time and not missed that opportunity. ,O. The telephone in your house brings order into your life.Find out about our service today- vCbe Paris Rome Cckpbone and Cckgrapb o(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.aurAREComplete.KIRSCHBAUMCLOTHES$15.00 and $20.00Other Values $10.00 and $12.50.Shoes $2.50 to $5.00. Full Line ofBoys' Clothing. Give tUs a CallT"W"iii.Clothing and Shoe DepartmentL. WOLLSTEIIN, Prop.Mi ilMJmX.0ssssiksssNCSII ; smMiJ3 7 raMsssssggsJOoPECTsm99 3 1 lftSSJsssHs&KftlslWivSvV ssssssssssssFv IIP mI 113D a?r cJciNuniBssab y., VKINDLY CALL ATTwin Bios. D&paifuf Store.Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, KyHandsome R e s idence For Sale.My residence on Mt. Airy Is forsale. One of the most modern homesin Paris. Every convenience. Prospective buyers are invited to inspectthe building and premises. .(28jly-tf) MRS. M. A. PATONSall jCmesNOWGUARANTEEDFallAnnounce-mentAll the . LatestFall Styles inDrc$$ Goods,Dry Goods,Itlillinery, etc.We Can Please YouBargain Prices.Expert CarriagePainter.Mr. Percy Halm, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast 8 yers, has opened a shop at thecorner of Pouth and High Streets, andsolicits the patronage of those needing anything in his line.Both Phones 583. , 'BrosyjV111iffri?1 -H,'.; riVu I 'P-H-I'.Si.v1HE BOURBON NEWS, ;PARlSiaEJnCKY;V NOVEMBER 3 1914-" -SS.'J I. 4. .!RheumatismMuscle Colds"It is easy to use and quick to respond. No work. Justapply. It penetrates without rubbing."Read What Others Say:"Hac used our Liniment very successfully in a case of rheumatism, andS !-jSjrjkSLOANSLINIMENTGood for Neuralgia, Sciatica, Sprains and Bruises.All Dealers 25cSend four cents in stamps for a free TRIAL BOTTLE.DR. EARL S. SLOAN, Inc. DepLB Philadelphia, Pa.f9W99W9W99999W909It Is Time ForAboutHEATINGSTOVESWe Have Every Kind of Heating andCookingStove Made!THE RADIANT HOME best heater intheworld.THE CELEBRATED WILSON ) GASHEATER,THEO. K. LINE Of COOKING STOVES.Theyfhaveno'equal.In fact everything from the smallest tothe largest. See our line and get our. Prices.-aI Lowry &iawov7r'-3?'3wU & H. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVETRAINS ARRIVE FROMNO.134 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 5 : 23 a,34 Atlanta. Ga.. Daily 5:30 a,2! Cynthiana, Ky, DailyEx. Sunday7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday10 Rowland, Ky., Dally Ex. Sunday40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday'7 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily '.VI Lexington, Ky., Daily.." Cincinnati, Ohio, DailyC Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sundayi Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday1 Lexington, Ky., Daily3S Knoxville, Tenn., Daily7, Mavsville. Ky.. Daily Ex. Sunday.' Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily Ex. Sunday 5: 35 p. m.8 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Ex. Sunday -. 6: 18 p. m.J2 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:30 p. m.14 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:35 p. m.31 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 10:40 p. m.TRAINS DEPART FORXO.34 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily30 Cynthiana, Ky.,. Daily Ex. Sunday10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday40 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily Ex. Sunday7 T.Avintrtnn. Kv.. Daily Ex. Sunday137 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily133 Lexington, Ky., Daily33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily5 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday2Q Pinmnnnti Ohio. Daily39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sundayo T?,vrijnrt Kv.. Daily Ex. Sunday32 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily5 Lexington, Ky., DailyS Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday131 Lexineton. Ky., Daily31 Atlanta, Ga., DailyW cfe? O- B3?3I3VaE3-T.:OXjlSTRAINS ARRIVE FROMXO2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. SundayTRAINS DEPART FORSO.1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex.Qnnrlav3 Frankfort, iKy., Daily Ex.Sundayalways have a bottle on hand incase of a cold or eore throat. Iwish to say I think it ono ofthe best of household remedies. Iwould not have used it only it wasrecommended to me by a friend ofmine who, I vishto say, is one ofthe best boosters for your LinimentI ever saw." . IF. Fuller, Denver,Col."Just a line in praise of Sloan'sLiniment. I have been ill nearlyfourteen wcekj, with rheumatism,have been treated by doctors whodid their best. I had not slept forthe terrible pain for several nights,when my wife got me a small bottleof the Liniment and three applica-cations gave me relief so that I couldBleep." Joseph Tamblyn, 615 Con,'verse Street, McKeesport, Pa.You to Think SJTalbott,OCTOBER 18, 1914.m.m.'. 7: 35 a. m7:38 a. m7:36 a. m7:40 a. m9:40 a. m1 10:10 a. m. 10:15 a.12 : 003 : 15 p.3:26 p.-. . . 3:gS p.5:45 pm.m.m.m.m.m.5:3o a.6 : 20 a.7:45 a.7:45 a.7:47 a.m.m.m.m.m.9:43 a. m.9:4b a. m.": JJ a- m-10:20 a. m.12:05 p. m.3:30 p. m.i'.Siy p. ni.6:00 p6:02 pm.m.6:35 p. m.6:35 p. m.6. do p. m.f"-' v- '"iu:4b pni.7: 38 a. m.5:50 p. m.R-? a m6 : 25 p. m.!BY EUROPEAN WAR.The war in Europe is proving a bigboon to postal savings in this country. From the very day hostilitiesopenecKacross the seas postal-savingsreceipts began to increase by leapsand bounds and withdrawals fell off, aresult quite contrary to the predictions of many well-informed personswho, in their imagination, saw linesof feverish depositors at post-officepay windows anxious to again returntlfeir savings to the boot-leg and bodybelt depositories whence they camebefore intrusted to Uncle Sam. Butthe forecasters failed to reckon on theabsolute confidence of the Americancitizen, regardless of the bag thatfirst met his eyes, in the ability andpurpose of the Government to carryout its obligations, not only amongthe nations of the earth, but with thehumblest citizen of our land. ,Two important results have followed; thousands of people, largely offoreign birth, accustomed to send theirsavings abroad, are now patrons ofour postal-savings system; and enormous sums of actual cash have beenreleased for commercial uses amongour o'wn people at a time when theived for every available .dollar ispressing.The growth of postal-savings in theUnited States has been steady andhealthy and the system has filled anImportant gap between the tin-candepository and the factory paymaster.On July 1, when affairs were runningsmoothly here and abroad and thetransmission o-J mc&iey U across theAtlantic was safe and effoeditious,there was approximately $4,000,000 ofpostal savings standing to the creditof about 388,000 depositors. Sincethen over $10,000,000 of deposits havebeen added and the number pf depositors has increased enormously. Thisunprecedented gain is the more striking when it is considered that the netgain in the last three months is .largerthan the gain for the entire fiscal year1914. Scores of offices have donemore postal-savings business sincethe war has been going on than wasdone by them during the previousexistence of the service. The increasesare confined to no special localities,but have felt in every nook and cornerof the country. New York City alonemade a gain in September of morethan a million, while Brooklyn show-ed a relatively big increase. Chicagoreported a larger gain in the pastthree months than on the previoustwelve months. More than 7,000 newaccounts were opened during theperiod, bringing the -number of depositors in that city up to over 21,000.The unexpected increase in postalsavings business has not only addedgreatly to the general administrativeduties of the system, but has broughtup many new and interesting problemswhich have called for the careful personal consideration of Postmaster General Burleson and Governor Dockery,Third Assistant Postmaster General.uBt their task has been lightenedsomewhat by the promptness of de-j;pository Ibanks tn furmshijhg additional security to meet me aunormaideposits. A number of the very largest venires in t.hft'p.ountrv. which haveheretofore declined to qualify as de-positories for postal-savings funds, .are now among the eager applicants JratAOir rrr niMTMCMTC crtB r'.AT.DCW fTC jr Wimiliumu i vn v-aARRH THAT CONTAIN MERCURYas mercury will surely destroy thesense of smell and completely derangethe -whole system when entering itthrough the mucous surfaces. Sucharticles should never he used excepton prescriptions from reputable physicians, as the damage they will do isten fold to the good you can possiblyderive from them. Hall's CatarrhCure, manufactured by P. J. Cheney &.Co-' TIe?0' ?'' contains no mercury,I and it Is taken ytei1nally,i (actingdirectly upon the blood and mucousj surfaces of the system. If buyingi Hall's Catarrh Cure be sure you getthe genuine. It is taken internallyand made in Toledo, Ohio, by F. J.I Cheney &. Co. Testimonials free.Sold by Druggists. Price 7oc pebottle.Take Hall's Family Pills for consti-; pation.(Nov.) adv.Rested After His Run.After a wild run in South Boston, inwhich the animal tore down abouttwenty feet of a wooden fence,smashed down a section of brick wall,broke a few windows in a schoolhouse,snapped off short a7 lamp post andcrashed through a wooden gate, incidentally damaging the sides of twobuildings, not to mention injuring thethree men who were on the wagon, ahorse attached to a brewery wagonwedged himself in a narrow alleywayand when found was munching contentedly such grass as he could reachfrom his position.IThe Happy Home.Don't be afraid of a little fun athome. Don't shut your house lest thesun should fade your carpets, and yourhearts lest a hearty laugh shake downsome of the musty old cobwebs there.If you want to ruin your children, letthem think that all mirth and socialenjoyment must be left on the threshold without when they come home atnight. "When once a house is regardedas only a place to eat, drink and sleepin, bad work is', indeed, begun.BEST COUGH MEDICINEFOR CHILDREN."Three years ago when I was livingin Pittsburgh one of my children liada hard cold and coughed dreadfully.Upon the advice of a druggist I purchased a bottle of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy and it benefited him atI once. I find it the best cough mediI cine for children because it is pleasant to take. They do not object toi taking it," writes Mrs. Lafayette Tuck,j Homer City, Pa. This remedy conj tains no opium or other narcotic, andi "lay ue given lo a, cuiiu us couuueutiyI as to an adult.Sold by alb dealers.POSTAL SAVING PROFITS(Nov.) .adv.ARMY WORM. AGAIN APPEARSCostly Pest Makes Return Engagement In Jersey Poison Suggestedfor Them. -New Brunswick, N. J. The state entomologist, Dr. Thomas J. Headlee, hasreceived the unpleasant news fromseveral parts of the state that the pestiferous and costly army worm has reappeared for a return engagement andhe sends out warning to the farmersand owners of grass plots to be up andat 'em. Doctor Headlee suggests theuse of poisons such as proved effectivein the early summer or the operationof rollers to crush the voracious crawlers into the earth.The official statement of the entomologist is: "Contrary to all expectation the army worm has again thisyear made its appearance in injuriousnumbers, and it is 'now reported fromFairton, Cumberland county, New' Jersey. It is working upon crab grassand upon corn. It would be well to destroy all outbreaks in so far as maybe possible in order that the numberappearing next year may be reduced.Crushing by means of a drag orroller; destroying migrating hordes bymeans of ditches; killing the wormswhere they have appeared in smallareas only and in -which the employment of the previous means recommended is impracticable, by thoroughly spraying or.dust$ig the food whichthey are eating with arsenate of leador by scattering the poisoned branmash, should be undertaken."The eggs from which the presentcaterpillars came were laid by themoths which appeared so abundantlyfrom a month to six weeks ago.Whether the worms will repeat theirearly summer injury to lawns cannotat this time be said, but the owners ofgrass plots should keep a close lookoutfor such injury and promptly suppressthe worms should they appear."NEW SOCIAL LEADER APPEARSMrs. William S. West, Wife of NewU. S. Senator Frori Georgia,in Washington.Washington. Mrs. William S. Westis the wife of the new United Statessenator from Georgia. Irs. West hasbeen in Washington only a short time,William S. West.as her husband succeeded the lateSenator I aeon after his death inMarch. She is quite familiar with thelife of a statesman, for Senator Westserved for 13 years as a member oithe Georgia legislature.RING ON 6,0QG-!V!!LE TRIFWith Nothing to Tell Whom It Belonged to, Little Gold BandReturns.San Francisco. The travels of alittle gold ring were interrupted whenAssistant Agent Driscoll of the Southera Pacific company found it hangingon a nail inside Chicago, Milwaukee& St. Paul freight car No. 504216. The.ring belongs to a freight handler employed by the Judson Freight Forwarding company of Chicago.Fearing that he would damage hisring while loading the car, he hung iton a nail and forgot all about it untilafter the car was sealed and had departed. He wired to the coast and thetracers were put to work.The ring was found, placed in anenvelope and sent back to the freighthandler, who will receive it after ithas traveled more than six thousandmiles.DOG GETS THE SHOW HABITHRunaway Animal Found by Its OwnerTrying to Enter a DogShow Cage.Seattle, Wash. A cocker spanielowned by Mrs. C. F. Johnson of Everett has acquired the dog show habit. After the exhibition of the SeattleKennel club had closed Mrs. Johnsontook her pet home from its box in theshow.The next morning she discoveredthat the dog was missing, and immediately notified the police. Later in theday she casually visited the exhibitionat First avenue and .Seneca street,iter dog tg X? ZX SZand, much to her amazement, foundvwyiy cageVPS , s A, 'I msmm JljJIMrs.WHAT'S INDIGESTION?WHO CARES? LISTEN!'Pape's Diapepsin" Makes Sour, GassyStomachs Feel Fine At Once.Time it! In five minutes all stomachlistress will go. No indigestion, heartburn, sourness or belching of gas, acid,or eructations of undigested food, nodizziness, bloating, foul breath orheadache.Pape's Diapepsin is noted for itsspeed in regulating upset stomachs.It is the surest, quickest and most certain indigestion remedy in the wholeworld, and besides it is harmless.Millions of men and women now eat 'theiir favorite foods without fearthey know Pape's Diapepsin will sav"ethem from any stomach misery.Please, for your sake, get a largefify-cent case of Pioe's Diapepsinfrom any drug store and put yourstomach right. Don't keep on beingmiserable life is too short you arenot here long, so make your stayagreeable. Eat what you like and digest it; enjoy it, without dread of rebellion in the stomach.Pape's Diapepsin belongs in yourhome anyway. Should one of the family eat something which don't agreewith them, or in case of an attack ofindigestion, dyspepsia, gastritis orstomach derangement at daytime orduring the night, it is handy to givethe quickest, surest relief known.(11-3) adv.! SPECIALS 1triiPOR THIS WEEKaSHi14 pounds Granulated Sugar $1.00(With a 2.00 Purchase.)fancy Northern Potatoes, per peck 20cPreserving Pears, per peck. 25cGood Cooking Apples, per peck 20cPure Cider Vinegar, per gallon 30cTry some, of our Coffee at 15, 20 and 25c lbAlaska Pink Salmon 2 cans for 25cThe besf Red Salmon 2 cans for 35cNew Dried Peaches per lb.,8V3C, 10c, 12cNavy Beans, per pound 7cBroken Rice, per pound 5cDon't sit and worry, but compare your lastmonth's bill with these prices and be convinced thatit will save you money to pay cash.It. c. leinihainIUCash Grocer. Both Phones 234THE "PRUDENT MAAnPROTCTSHSHOME WTH A BANKVN in .'Slfv vMl iA ,NV;3p .aaSMoney PILED UP in the bank is the one sure protection against the storms of adversity.No man who has a home and family should endangerthe security of his home or the comfort of his family should (he be taken away from them.MONEY IN THE BANK will best insure the comfortof a man's wife and children. As you earn money bank, itregularly and make your family independent.Make OUPv bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest onSavings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANK?CAPITAL . . : -4150,000.00SURPLUS 20,000.00 "JSTOliH0LDRS, LIABILITY 150,000.00 , Vl Protection to DcpositursS. E.. BEDFORD, President.I I1TENTI0I! IDo You Know We Handlethe Celebratedft9:99I9::99fir99999Detroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome and See. Our TPrices Are Right. . .Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.ELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home PhonelOlBliSP G ERftGILGHRISACCOUNT. .K-X&g, .$330,000.1C. K. THOMAS,s;1w4JliV -Xv,Sstfv.t-VJ-k 1 f. rrf-' N--t" V.J!Kgrowm OF ttasMBjjji"i i"'f il Irt"55HK' iErai;passing- off quiptlyr: Regular meeting of Amity Lodge J? WiUgUUElection isbereltoday.Messrs. W. R. Barnes and C. N.Joxmson continue about the same.Miss Mary McDaniell, of the Cynthisiia Graded School, was at homefrom Friday until Monday.Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Grimes entertained a number of tfieir young marrfed friends with an elaborate diningSunday.Dr. H. C. Burroughs returned Friday after a tliree weeks' visit to hisdaughter, Mrs. James ppencer. a"fOweasboro. 'Miss Jessie Kerr and Mr. Whithead, both of Maysville, were guestsof Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Kerr from Satur-day to Monday.?.Ir. and Mrs. Allen Mason, returned Saturday after a two weeks' visitto Jier parents, Mr. and Mrs. SamBerry, in Virginia.Mrs. William Letton arrived Sat-ALAMOEssanay'sTHEATRE TODAY.T EUROPEAN WAR INrBRIEFjThe entry of Turkey into the war onmo oiue ul vjtJi.iua.uy, vis expected toembroil Greece, Bulgaria? Roumaniaand Italy.The Italian populace is reported toJm0m-KPhotoplay . Masterpiece be crying for Italy to enter the war to" -DEATHS:II I iPiiiii i i WBmrrirnMWM i ...- t i - ; : , " '- ' ' i,-,nri ifttnimfttLlOTOUD.V"The Good For Nothing" in four partsThe cast includes- G. M. Anderson, LeeWillard, Elsa Lorimer, Carl Stockdale,Evelyn Selbie, Victor Potel. (adv.)protect her interests on the Adriatic.Ambassadors from Great Britain,Russia and France have been handedtheir passports by the Sultan.BEATTY.Mr. Isaac AL Beatty, aged about 55years, died at his home on PleasantStreet, at 7:00 o'clock a.n., Monday,after an illness lasting over twoyears, during which time he was aninvalid. He is survived by his wife,two sons, Pierce and Walter Beatty,destruction of sluices at Nieunort i ana another sister, Mrs. l i:,. ; y-i i i.France claims to have made pro- llveb 1U oariiaie.cress to the north of Souvain. Vininf-' Th funeral services will beBriftnegar,hejdTurkish invasion of Egypt is reportparis riRAMn xn.MnRDnvA Mir.uT i ed in London.I Germany reports that operations in uoul ol LUIS cu one orotner, Mr.Evelyn Nesbit Thaw and her son, I Belgium have been rendered difficult Geore Beatty, of this city;- two sis-Russell William Thaw, in "Threads of owing to inundation of the country by iers in Kansas; one m St. Louis, Mo.,ucouuj a uvc pan, uuuiii jjiauiiuu., luconnection with this five reel "featurethere will also be shown Klaw andErlanger's three reel feature "WomanAgainst Woman" Gregg's Imperial Orchestra of the Colonial Theatre, Lexington, will furnished special music forthis occasion. Admission lower floor25c. Balcony, 15c. Gallery 10c. Oneperformance only begining promptlyat 8:00 P. M. Seats on sale at AlamoBox Office. (adv.)COLUMBIA THEATREWEDNESDAY.The Million Dollar Mvterv n?.ni.rday from Atlanta, Ga., to join her sode 17) After their desperate rusehusband at the home of his mother,ZVFrs. Jennie Letton.Dr. C. B. Smith, Messrs. W. V.SbJvV, S C. Bascom and R. L. Tarrleave today on their annual huntingand ishing tour at Lake Village, Ark.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Grimes entertained a party of little folk at herhome; Saturday afternoon, with a Halloween party given in honor of herJittle son, Arthur. All the little onesJiae a most enjoyable time and not oneWas overlooked.The young ladies of the M. F Conrertained the M. M. I., Cadets andfaculty Saturday evening with a Halloween party. The hall and parlorswere decorated with Halloween festivities." The occasion was a delightfulone.Halloween was observed here, Satrda.y night, very much in the sameold way. There was no particulardamage done to property. Gates and. signs and porch furniture were car-. Tied off (and in some case new signssubstituted. The sign of Best & Haw-Mns had been changed to Gilmore &Fisher.The home of Jennie Marshall,colored, was partly destroyed by fireSaturday night about 8:30. But littledamage was done to the nrnnartv. hnf" the household goods were badlv damaged by water and breakage. A Halloween party was being entertainedAnd in their playing a lamp was overturned. It was soon under control.""CHARITABLE SHIPMENTS"BY ADAMS EXPRESS CO.to get Florence incarcerated in a pesthouse had failed, Braine and his fellow conspirators determine on a newplan, which gives promise of effectually removing Norton from, interference with their getting the missingmillion. Braine's hatred of the reporter is intense. He has been the marplot, who again has defeated theirschemes. With him out of the way,the conspirators feel that their evildoings will be easy accomplishedAlso "The Jackpot Club." Eclair(Two Parts). On the verge of success a young inventor is ruined by asuit charging infringement of patents.He is starving when he is saved bythe members of the Jackpot Club.When he has become a factor in thebusiness of the country he also becomes amember of the club. (adv.)attacks on the Aisne and in the Ar-gonne Forest repulsed.Russia claims to have made advances on the East Prussian front andbeyond the Vistula.The American liner Kroonland, heldup by British authorities, is reportedto be discharging her cargo at Gibraltar. London has failed to reply toAmerica's protest.(today at one o'clock at the residence,conducted by Rev. Sims, of the Methodist church. Burial in the NorthMiddletown cemetery. The pall-bearerswill be W. R. Blakemore, SwiftChamp, C. P. Mann, W. W. Mitchell,R. K. McCarney and Jack Pryor.'TUBERCULOSIS DAYNOVEMBER 23.MOVING PICTURES OF PARISAT THE COLUMBIA THEATRE."Shipments of a strictly charitablecharacter for the Red Cross, for warrelief organizations representing thedifferent countries, for religious or-benevolent institutions, hospitals orafeplums will be carried between allpoints in the United States at two;thirds o ftke regular tarig rateajjaais EXPRESS COMPANY.C. E. Coiliver, Agent.PARIS, KY.Thursday Nov. 5th The ColumbiaTheare will show local pictures ofParis, including many very interesting scenes around our city. The firstpart of this reel shows the Paris cityschool children in motion; The Catholic School; The Bourbon College; L.& N. Shops; The Fire Departnientmaking a run; street scenes around Parison Court Day, as well as showingsuch well-known Parisian citizens asChas. Webber, Hugh Brenly ,Grant(Overby, Bruce Miller, Swift Champ,Bit Davis, Walter Payne, and manyothers whom you can easily recognize.These picture are above the ordinarylocal pictures made and no doubt TheColumbia will play to capacity business as we all like to see onrselves in"the movies.7President Wilson has expressed hisapproval of the Fifth National Tuberculosis Day in the week of Nov. 29.This movement is not for the purposeof raising funds, but simply to bringto the attention of all the people ofthe country the essential facts concerning the treatment and preventionof tuberculosis.Gov. James B. McCreary, Presidentof the Kentucky Tuberculosis Commission, ana air of the Commissioners,hope that the day may be widely observed in the churches and schools ofthe state, since the observance of theday is commended by leading minis-sters, and educators and public meneverywhere. Kentucky, with the highestdeath rate from tuberculosis in thecountry, with 4682 deaths last yearand with probably 4,000 active casesin the state, certaining needs someeducation about this essentially curacle and preventable disease.Clergymen and others may secureliterature for the preparation of addresses or for general distributionfrom local anti-tuberculosis societies,or from the Kentucky TuberculosisCommission, Frankfort.FOREST NOTES,Because of drouth conditions thereUs considerable fire danger In, theforests of the east this fall.WORK OF TUBERCULOSISCOMMISSION.Ninety-eight persons united withfour of the Paris churches, Sunday, asa result of the union evangelistic revival held by Evangelist Ham. Theywere proportioned as follows: Baptist,21; Presbyterian, 12; Christian, 14;Methodist, 51.All Saints Bay was observed Sunday at St. Peter's Episcopal Church bythe administration of the Holy Communion at 10:45 a. m., and an anDronri-ate sermon by the rector, Rev. Georgei. .Harris.There was no preaching at theChristian, Presbyterian, Methodist andBaptist Churches, Sunday, the different congregations uniting in the closing meeting at the Tabernacle. Sunday school was held at all the churchesin the morning.There , will be preaching at theChristian Church each night thisweek by the pasr, Rev. W. E. Ellis,There were 23 confessions and elevenadded to the church by letter lastnight's meeting. The -ordinance ofbaptism will be administered at theclose of the services to-night;OCAL FARMCO5-tFtoa.Cora i all in the shock and whpsowia was about completed last wiltEarly seeded crops are up and JoSing nicely especially the ones sownafter tobacco. At least the averaSamount went to wheat. Corn is sening at $3.50 a bushel, a little hivwthan was at first expected. Some ofthe late corn- was badly injured bvthe freeze and frost. The cmn "l-x- "U3l,BUGGYROBES ANDFOOTWARMERS.t HOW TO AVOID "SKIDDING."On account of the large numberof automobiles turning turtle nowadays, killing and maiming many ofthe occupants, there -has been muchthought on the matter by which suchaccidents will be less frequent. Ithas been said apparently with goodlogic, that the fuming over of automobiles is not caused by bad roads orfast driving; it is because the driverloses his head and consequently control of the machine. The driver of anautomobile when in danger of turningturtle feels the wheels skidding intothe ditch and intuitively turns thefront wheels to the center of theroad. This has a tendency to turn themachine at right angles to the direction of the momentum and turningover is inevitable, if the machine isrunning at a brisk speed. Instead ofdoing this thing, tie old and experienced driver will turn the front wheelsto the bottom of the ditch when therear wheels are felt skidding; he remains that way until he has the machine under control. The principle ofthe rule is that as long as the wheelsare kept in line of momentum the carcan't turn over but as- soon as the ma-1chine is headed across the line of 1motion then it must rail, if the rate of J i"S around every day sound asleep,speed attained is sufficiently great. "Beautiful selection of Buggy Robesjust received. The best quality andmost serviceable patterns.. No carriage or automobile is complete tfceseautumn days without one of our footwarmers. The best made.(27-4t) LAVIN & CONNELL-.LUKE MCLUKB SAYS.Cincinnati Enquirer.)When a Princes3 is with other girlsshe isn't very careiul witlr ner grammer and "me and her" is good enough.But when she is with a fellow" she hasto put on dog with her grammer andshe says "I and her."There isn't much hope for the manwho Hakes an hour off to cuss the goodluck other people are having..Lots of fellows v.-ao do not knowwhat somnambulism means are walk-EVERY LO'ACr GUARANTEED.We guarantee every load of coaltc give satisfaction. Phones C36.(I5-tf) J. H. BATTERTON.PARIS' WINS FROM MT. STER11FNG.The Mercer County Public HealthLeague, organized by Miss Marfan Williamson,, of the State TuberculosisCommission, has obtained appropriations from Mercer County and the cityof Harrodsburg. besides contributionsfrom private citizens, and has securedMrs. Ruby B. Grober, of Newport, Kentucky as visiting nurse.The Anderson County Public Health, iLeague organized at Lawrenceburg, byBRAINS AND HEELS.Your brains and your heefs will hareto db well oiTed and" in prime- workingcondition if you keep up with thefasMonable fads tlrfs- winter: Theyare many and varied and crazy, andthe person who qualifies as an expertt will be the craziest of all.There is tiYe Standardized Hensita-RobinsonDehaven, capttion. Gavotte. Du-.vea Walsc? and Bra-Miss Emm Hunt, of tn Sttate TcuerMzillian Polka q'uite crazy. The Castleculosis Commission is now seeking a j Pox Trot anil the Trouville Trot aresuitable visiting nurse for that pTace. "some trots,1" while die Ta-ao; LulirJMiss Chloe Jackson, of the Commis- Fado, Canter One-Step, Canter Waltz Nesbitsiori is at work in Pulton, Kentucky, 1 and Half ami Halt are dcficiously Dalenrirnniziner a Welfare Leacne to sud- asinine. The One-Sten has" a car- Datiiftl-- 1 JI --r T - S . " " I .-r-ennsyivania ana iew jersey ieaa p0rt a visiting nurse. lbad of varitions and more tp follow Oldhamj all other states in the quantity of woodI used for making tobacco pipes, andj utilize apple wood, French brier,l ebony, birch, red gum, and olive wood.vice till next summer., """M'M,"IMW""'W"'"MW"MWWWMMMMWMMMMMMMMMBMIIThe Moving Picture Exhibit, on j and die season-just beginning! Blevinsfinshing its work in Harrfson County Truly, you will have to le- an ex- Colemanthis week, will be withdrawn fronr ser- j pert wiggler if you go "oh with the Vanantwerpdance" this winter.Paris was returned the victor inthe football" game between' Paris andMt. Sterling; at White Park last Fri-j day, by the score of 18 to 0. Parisshowed great improvement in fcrmover the last game played, when theymet the heavyweight team of the M.M. I., on tlie same field. The Paris andMt. Sterlimj teams were evenlymatched, and the game would havebeen a very tight one had SVnot beenfor- the good plays made by Lavin,fullback, and Connelf. quarterback,for the Paris team. The line-up of theteams was as follows:Mt. Sterling-.IhrlifbqbrgrtreclgItlelniuren. nnwevpr. wa ern-o-i,.r " u6uum Qf.many patches had not been put intnthe shock. The first spell of real water weather set iiLhere last weak, arlthe thermometer dropped below 9gdegrees, bringing a.Jjeavy frost a-iThe cold snap caused consideraosuffering as it came suddenly arjcaught many people unprepared. "The freeze while not heavy was of)xmcti benefit to tobacco having a tendency to set the color, and thSr is whatmany growers want before ihey winstrip a pound, it makes no differencewhat kind of seasonable weather ishad for the work. Some little tobacco has been stripped and aa soonas a good season comes the work willbe begun in earnest. Last Decemberthere were several million pounds oftobacco sold in this section before t oChristmas holidays and in this cityalone at least $200,000 was turnedloose in IegMmate eharsseTs of business, helping the merchant, the banks,the laborer, and in fact everybody hgeneral and business during tr-itmonth was good.There is a scarcity of good hay ofboth kinds, timothy and clover. 'Pricesare high on all "fcinds o3 feedstuff, andwith a bad winier they will go skyward. Grass is at a premium anj.there is none for rent and the countyis being scoured over by stock menlooking for grass for cattle.Wheat ssnd rye, the eaTly sown, islooking well and seems to be growirgnicely but there is a good? acreage orboth that has not been sown, the badweather hol'ding the farmers back considerably. ' Killing' frosts with ice formingwrought ahvoc in fields and gardensla"st week, Bringing tile first touch ofwinter after almost summer heat theprevious week. Winter vegetables,turnips, parsnips, cabbage, pumpkins,,etc., are in the market, with chestnuts,hickorynuts and walnuts.Fall grass is in excellent condition,,and all kinds of stock in prime shapefor winter. Fields, flocks and herdsare satisfactory and will yield rich returns to their owners. Apples havenot been so plentiful in years, and arecheap. A carload of excellent qualityretailed a few days ago at' 60 cents abushef.WyattKellyParis.AdairHutchcraft.LavinT. ConneirTemplinWoodsR. ConnelJLElderWagnerRedmonClaytontE333MRJ22&-I &OVER -y-SAVE M0In R-aris cinci Vicinity TTHere isNo Place LikeDANFor Value andCOMEGreatest Shoe StoreStyle Assortment.ummammm mmmmIt ff; Ij?JJ jMw mm(B' &NEW PROCESS HEATER.Let the New Process Gas Heaterdo your he&cing. Sold byA. F. WHEELER & CC."CYCLONE! JAKE" PROSPEROUS.WALKOver. Ready cash, great distributing power and commercial alertness combined with our system of Less Profits.anu-jMore Volume of Business shows plainly "why the best dressers of Paris and vicinity make our store theirHeadquarters For Men's, Women's and Children's Footwear. .Visit our store and je convinced of these facts.While in Columbus, Ohio-, last week,on a business mission Attorney P. A.Thomnson. of Paris, ran across' "Cyclone Jake" Scheneberg, who madea great reputation while on the moundas a member of the pitching staS of1 the Paris team in the BluegrassLeague several years ago. Mr.Thompson says Scheneberg was dolledup in the latest stole clothes and hadall the appearance of having a suc-' cessful season. He made inquiries' about allthe Paris fans, male and female, and asked to be pleasantly re-. membered to all friends. Scheneberghas been playing with the Columbusteam, but has signed a 1915 contractl to play with the Kansas City team oI the Federal League, at a salary of! $3,000, and a bonus of 1,000 to sign! the contract.Just A Few Of The Many Values and! Styles:Ladies' Patent Colt or Gun Metal Calf,cloth top, Louis heel, of quality and stylewhich you will find elsewhere at 5.00,our price S3. 4-9Ladies' Patent Kid, cloth or mat. top,best quality and workmanship, $4.00 values at. 2.99Ladies' Gun Metal or Patent Kid, clothtop, all styles, custom made, at 2.49Ladies' Gun Metal and Patent, low ormedium heel, gun metal and lace, S3. 00values at 1.99Ladies' Kid and Gun Metal, $2.C0 valuesat 1-49Men's Platinum Calf or Russ., Englishlast, Walk-Over, of quality and stylewhich you will find elsewhere at $7.00,our price$5.00Men's Russ. or Gun Metal, Walk-Overand Beacon makes, all styles, $5.00 values at 4.00Men's Gun Metal or Russ., English lastor broad last, of the famous Walk-Over 3.50Men's Tan and Gun Metal, bench made,all lasts, $4.00 values at 2.99Men's Gun Metal, button and lace, dressyand good wearing shoes, $3.00 valuesat ." 1 -99The fad for anklet and garter watches died a swift death. Maybe thehands tickled the dear things.Before he gets her he on't let hercarry Iier own umbrella, Tor fear thestrain might injure her. After he getr.her she can liohTthe baby-on one armand carry a bucRet ift coaf upstairs onthe other arm for all he caTes.jOOOD9mmmmmm9ma-nFOR THEHAIRDon't forget tc combyour hair. When thereis anything in combs orbrushes that you want,don't miss us. We havegood hair brushes all theway from 25c up to $2.00.We guarantee the bristlesto stay in all brushesworth 50c or more. Combsare 10c up to 75c, and webelieve we have just thekind you are looking for.If we haven't we can getit. If you want a firstclass hair tonic try ourIdeal it is a good oneand guaranteed. 50c abottle, Ws have all theadvertised kinds. Agood liquid shampoo for25c a bottle.Peoples Pharmacy1 PARIS, KY.moS0&The largest assortment of Boys', Misses' and Children' Shoes at all prices.Rubbers of All Descriptions at Lowest Prices. J JMen's Special Brownstone Work Shoe, with Anti-Leak Cbrk Welt, atOurPlace Only.3DjHl3ST CO 3ri 33 1ST 7 SGreatest Shoe Store"Wliere 33eanty etnei Boonoiny IFLeigm!zm'-The bol mvcsfcisast I -ever made -andh only cost $15."y The Victor-Victrola arnucs and edu-catcs the children, r?.r.d makes the wholefamDy happy.It brings into the home a wealth of music that is outof all proportion to its small cost.You c'i ct a Victor or Victor-Victrola right awayoivcur clhsy-paymcnt plan. &15 to $200 for a VictorYictrola. fUo to Jico for a Victor.Or."; in ar.d zzz a:, 1 hear the-different styles. w -Daiief Brosur evcJ9'V4-