''"V, r s-" -- tTHE BOURNEWS.Y-PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAHfVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1914.SV,BONDEATHSLittle Virgil C. Eldridge, about 3: ears old, son of Mr. and Mrs. MiltonEldridge, of North Middletown, diedWednesday afternoon at the MassieMemorial Hospital, of tetanus, causedby running a splinter in his foot,about a week ago. The body was removed to the home of his parents,late Wednesday afternoon. The funeral arrangements have not yet beenmade.KENNEY.Mrs. Bettie Kenney dropped deadat her home on Sycamore Street, inCarlisle, Wednesday morning. Mrs.Kenney was the wife of Mr. WilliamKenney, one of the wealthy citizensof Carlisle, and was one of the mostpopular women in the city. She wasformerly Miss Howard, and before hermarriage resided at Ripley, O.Mrs. Kenney was well known inParis, where she was a frequent visitor STRUBY.A telegram was received Tuesday afternoon by Dr. H. Struby, announcing the death of his mother Mrs.Barbara Sturby, which occurred inHenryville, Ind., Tuesday.Mrs. Struby was a native of Switzerland, and was the widow of the lateMr. Henry Struby, who died in 1888.Mrs. Struby was aged eighty-eightyears, and had been ill for about amonth. Her death was due to infirmities of age.She is survived by six children, Dr.H. Struby, of Paris, Ky.; Mr. Wm.Struby, of Louisville; Mrs. Lou B.Brown, formerly of Louisville), butnow living at St. Petersburg, J?la.;Mrs. Alice Blount, of Dubuque, Iowa;Mr. Albert Struby, of Louisville; andMrs. Louise Struby, who resided withher mother in Henryville, Ind. Theremains were taken to Louisville, theinterment taking place in that cityTuesday morning at 9 o'clock.Dr. Struby left Tuesday night forHenryville, Ind., and for Louisville toattended the funeral interment.WALL.Richard M. Wall, formerly ofMaysville, died suddenly of hearttrouble at the home of his sister,Mrs. Barton Burr, in Ironton, O., earlyMonday morning. He was an exConfederate soldier, having enlistedin the service October 21, 1861, andwas sergeant in Company D, NinthKentucky Infantry, under. CaptainBen Desha.Mr. Wall was the son of the lateMajor William K. and ClemantineWall and was about seventy-twoyears old. About lfteen years ago heALLSGED NEGRO THIEFARRESTED BY POLICE.While assisting in some work at theseed house of J. S. Wilson & Bro.,Tuesday afternoon, Geo. Rassenfoss,Jr., was relieved of $46, which he liadleft in his trousers pockets hangingon the wall. A negro who was noticJed loitering about the place, was suspected ot taking the money. Wednesday Chief of Police Link arrested Rufus Keith, a negro construction camphand, on suspicion, and lodged him injail. The money was not recovered.GAME WARDENS GET TWO.OWLS LEAVE NEST.The local lodge of Owls, after anexistence of several months, has givenup the ghost and surrendered its charter. The old birds and the youngOwlets alike have deserted the Nest.A Frankfort special says: "Twomen charged with dynamiting, it being alleged that they went over fromAnderson County- and dynamitedChaplain's Creek, in WashingtonCounty, were arrested by State GameWardens Cash Shaw, of Frankfort,and George M. Hill, of Paris, whohave been actively raiding wholesalefish slayers in the streams of CentralKentucky. One man was fined ?50and paid it ad the other went to jailto serve out a similar fine. Theywere presented before Magistrate R.D- Rile" .WHEAT SACK SHORTAGE."A LONG AND FOND FARWELL."married Miss Jessie Wood, of Ironton.j O., formerly of Maysville. He and hiswife lived at Cynthiana all their married life until about a year and a halfago, when they went to Ironton tomake their home with Mrs. Wall's,sister. Tuesday the body was takento Battle Grove cemetery at Cynthiana for interment. The services wereconducted at the grave by the Confederate veterans.Besides wis wife, Mr. Wall is survived by a brother, Mr. W. S. Wall,of Dallas, Texas, and a niece, Mrs. W.H. Means, of Maysville.In later years, Mr. Wall was acigar salesman, and was well knownin Paris and in the countv.WINSTON.Capt. James Winston, aged about75 years, died at a Covington hospital,Monday evening , following a protracted illness due to infirmities of age.Capt. Winston had been in declininghealth for the past two years, and,during the past few months, had beenconfined to his bed.He was a popular conductor on theL. &. N. for about twenty years, retiring from that position about twelveyears ago, and had since resided at hishome in Covington.Captain Winston's wife who wasformerly Miss Melvina Johnson, ofParis, sister of the late Mr. W. A.Johnson, died in Covington, May 28,1904, and her remains were interred inthe family lot at the Paris cemetery.The remains of Captain Winston Iwere brought to Paris, Wednesdayafternoon at 5:50 o'clock, and takento the undertaking rooms of Mr. G.W. Davis.The funeral services were conducted at the Paris cemetery yesterdaymorning at 10 o'clock by Rev. B. M.Shive, pastor of the Paris Presbyterian church, and the remains wereinterred beside the grave of his wife.Although 40,000 sacks have beengiven out to the wheat growers ofClark County by the WinchesterRoller Mills, there still exists a bigshortage, and many thousands morewill be needed, although at presentthey cannot be obtained from themanufacturers. There is not an extrasack in Louisville, Lexington or Gincinati, according to local millersthere.MEETING OF PARIS MASONS.A stated convocation of Paris Chapter No. 15, Royal Arch Masons, Paris,Ky., will be held tomorrow, Friday,July 10, at 7:30 o'clock p. m. Workin several degrees.N. H. RION, H. P.JOE H. EWALT, Secretary.CHANGE OF MANAGEMENT.Becoming effective yesterday, Mr.J. P. Owings, lately of Mt. Sterling,has taken charge of the local office ofthe Western Union telegraph office,succeeding Manager Letcher. AuditorT. S. Bogan, of Lexington, was hereyesterday checking out the retiringmanager. Mr. Owings has had manyyears of experience and for severalyears -vas manager of the Postal Telegraph Co.'s office in Mt. Sterling.In response to call issued throughthe Paris papers for a meeting of thecitizens of city and xounty interested in reviving the old Bourbon CountyFair, a handful of the faithful adherents of the institution gathered atthe court house Monday afternoon andsadly discussed prospects. Variousschemes for the rejuvenation of theold fair were discussed pro and con,and the conclusion was finally reached, in the classic words of John Wiggins: "Nothing to be did."It now seems to have been fullysettled that the historic BourbonCounty Fair after sixty-three years ofexistence is going out of business.The directors have voted to dissolvethe association and it is consideredprobable that the grounds will be subdivided and sold in building lotsThe Bourbon Fair claimed the prouddistinction of being the oldest fairwest of the Alleghany Mountains, butin recent years it has been poorlypatronized. County fairs come andgo as a rule and not many of themhave held on half as long as theBourbon fair. "It was a good oldwagon" for. the agricultural interestsof the county, but it has "brokendown."One of the promoters remarked asthe group passed, out of the CourtHouse, "Poor Old Paris can't haveanything but politics, busted financeand scandals!"ANOTHER POISONING CASE.GOODMAN RELEASED.The mystery surrounding the Supposed poisoning of the Hughes familyin this city some weeks ago receivedan added chapter this week whenMrs. Zereda Hughes, the eldest of thefamily, was taken suddenly ill inmuch the same manner as in a previous attack.A physician was hastily summonedto the Hughes home on Main Street,where Mrs. Hughes was found suffering from poisoning, the cause ofwhich was not clearly determined.By the use of a stomach pump, thesufferer was relieved and her lifesaved.Early in June, Mrs. Hughes, herdaughter, Miss Blanche, the latter'sbrother, Rollie and Llewellyn Hughes 1and Mrs. Hughes' grandson, littleCharles Leslie Hughes, suffered fromthe effects of being poisoned, whichwas by some attributed to their eat-Jinpp panned salmon. ILewellyn and little Charles died atthe Massie Memorial Hospital as a result of their illness, but the othermembers of the family recovered.It was suspected that the drinkingwater used by the family had beenpoisoned, but a chemical analysis ofthe water disproved that theory. Thematter remains an unsolved mystery.THOMAS AND BEKHAhfSAFELY IN THE LEACfc.Tipped By Enquirer As Sure WinnersWith Camden For Short Term.ENQUIRER TIPS.Sunday's Cincinnati Enquirer, 1mtdispatches from Washington, ,Lexigton and Louisville, tips- Beckham towin the Democratic nomination, for TJS. Senator, (long term), J. N. Camdaa,(short term), Claude M. Thomas, foeCongressman from the Seventh, District, and Richard P. Ernst,, the Republican nomination, (long term.) "COMMITTEES APPOINTED.At a meeting of the County Board ofEducation held in the office of MissMabel Robbins, County Superintendent of schools, a committee composedof Trustees Thos. Current and O. H.Collier and Miss Robbins, was appointed to receive bids on Saturday,July 18, for building and addition tothe Millersburg school house. Trustees Tanner and Martin and MissRobbins were appointed a committeeon improvements for the schoolhouseat Stony Point.Outfielder B. F. Goodman, the former star of the Paris team of theBlue Grass League, has been releasedby the Lexington Club of the OhioState League. Manager Guyn released Goodman and Brown, in orderto make room for Tedrow, Hannaand Kendall, recently acquired fromthe defunct Paris and Ironton teams."Goodie" is one of the classiest andspeediest players in the league, andhas made an enviable record in stickwork. His Paris friends, and theyare legion, hope he will again be onthe diamond in even faster companythan the Colts.SUCCEEDS LAMBERT COMPANY.The Lambert Cobmpany, which succeded Mr. Albert Jones in the National Five and Ten Cent Store, willvacate the room they have been doing business in about July 15, andwill move their stock of goods to another locality.The store room has been rentedby Mr. Fred Wuckesser, of Virginia,who will open up with a completeline of dry goods and general merchandise about July 15th.uuu I H BECOMING SERIOUS.It has been many years since Bourbon County has suffered so muchfrom drouth on the loss of growingcrons so large as at present. Thahemp crop is badly damaged, whileother crops have been cut at leastone-half by lack of rain. The cornis beginning to show damaged condition, but copious showers may yetbring this across. Farmers are greatly distressed and worried. Stock water is very scarce and some peopleare driving several miles to creeks,?The gardens in some cases are complete losses.The prolounged dry weather in Mason county is becoming alarming. Almost-every bit of grass has been burned by the scorching sun and the haycrop is a total failure. Every streamin the county is dry, and cattle formiles around are being driven to theriver for water. Tobacco and cornwill be a total loss unless rain comes.Blackberries are very poor in Nicholas country this year. The cropwould have been a good one but forthe drought.ROGERS FOR THOMAS.Mr. H. A. Rogers, one of the moetprominent Democrats in the county.,and also one of the biggest and bestfarmers, has announced that he willsupport both J. C. W. Beckham foeSenator, and Mr. Thomas for Congress. Having: never voted for Gov. Beckham in any of his former races.he was.inclined to go to Stanley,, so he wentto hear his speech, in the Court Housea few nights ago. Mr. Rogers made)his mind up then to vote for Mr.Beckham. Many other strong meathroughout the county feel the sameway as does Mr. Rogers. WinchesterSun.THOMAS' CAMPAIGN.Hon. C. M. Thomas, of Paris, candidate for the Democratic nominationfor Congress from the Seventh District, left Tuesday for Oldham County, where he will follow his opponent,Congressman J. C. Cantrill who spokein Lagrange Tuesday afternoon, andhis campaigning tour through thatsection of the district will occupy theremainder of this week. He spokein LaGrange, Wednesday.Mr. Thomas spoke Monday in Stanton, Powell County, to an enthusiastic crowd of voters and Monday nightwas given a royal welcome by the citizens o Clay City, where he also madea speech in the interest of his canadldacy. Next Monday he will speak in Lexinsraon. invade Fayette county andwill Inaugurate his campaign in Fayette by a speech at the court kensin Lexington under the auspices ofthe Fayette County Thomas Club.NOTICE TO STOCKMEN.READ"THE BIG ADVERTISEMENT.Read carefully every line in the bigadvertisement of Harry Simon's onpage 4. There is a bargain in everyitem.List your stock in M. J. Murphy'monthly combination sales. Plenty otbuyers always on hand. We can sellyour horses, mules, ponies, cows, cattle, hogs, sheep and poultry at goodprices. Next sale will be held on Monday, July 6, county court day.(21ap-tf)I Ih i-C If 31! flO W! Vil I fe TS7 ill! 17 fri dflifi I Vvil ilTlllkC! WW kk 17" Qf fti JDt)&iuS ITAWlludy tl ill Or diiU OUlJULIuCo 6 II 131511; ISO mt J mt J ft-WIftm - . iiiiui i i iMiBi ii imi nw !!! !!! irirrinrrTTrrTrTTTn TTTWTTMriTrirTiwirn TTnmrmirimiwninM ii wm iiiwiiiiim iiiiwiiiwiwubi mi in iiiibiihiiiiwi in hwiimwiiiumiiiii w m imiiwwiiiiwwiii wn ttIOur Store is Filled to Overflowing with Clean, New Merchandise That Must Move. A Tre-meaidoifis Reduction ontTable Linens,Napkins, Towels,Umbrellas,Parasols,Counterpanes,White and Colored Linens;Shopping Bags,Wash Goods,White Goods,Silks,Lace Curtains, Draperies,Ribbons,Muslin Underwear,Knit Underwear,Petticoats,Hosiery,Handkerchiefs,Neckwear,Art Pieces,Etc., Etc.Shirt Waists at half price to close out the line. We have cut prices deeper than ever before, because we havejlargerstocks to reduce. Get in on some of these bargainsi WAf WWlm iVIMIIhI Paris'I WW Pa I illflihll.Only ExclusiveDry Goods Store.immummmmmwT aBSSVi&4-MMTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; JULY 10 1914Weak Women!Some women are weak because of ills that are commonIn Girlhood Womanhoodand MotherhoodThe prescription which Dr. R. V. Pierce used most successfully indiseases of women which has stood the test of nearly half a century isDr. Pierce's Favorite PrescriptionTake thit in liquid or tablet form as a tonic and regulator!Mrs. Kate D.Richardson, of Beazley, EssexCo., Va., says, '1 esteem it a pleasure totestify to the wonderful curative qualities of Dr. Pierce's Favonte Prescription. Forsome years I suffered greatly with weakness peculiar to my sex. I was treated byseveral physicians but gradually grew worse. One of my friends told me of the goodresults of your "Favorite Prescription." I went to the drug store and got a bott eand after taking it, with the "Pleasant Pellets," I commenced ?to get better. neverknew what happiness was, for I was always sick and complaining and made others aswell as myself unhappy. So you see what a debt I owe youlIDr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate stomach, liver, bowelsv. u?ssr ? .OUR TELEPHONES WILL BRING YOU CUSTOMERSFRIENDS HELP YOU TO LIVEMr. Business Man Let us bring customers to3Tour door.Let us help you increase your sales.Whether you are managing a dry goods store or adairy farm, we can be of real assistance to you. How?By our prompt, efficient day and night telephone service.Realize the full value of "Long Distance" by usingIt. Our rates are reasonable.Sbe Paris Rome telephone and Cekgrapbgo.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.wuE2LXBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.''' i.g.Sg.3..J..yGEO. W. DAVISFDNERll niRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.Bit. . PHONES DA' 137; NIGHT 299.Safe InvestmentTwin'XSives advice to all the people "ofj Parisand Bourbon County to invest their moneyinClothing, Shoes,Hats, Gaps,Underwear, Etc.They will give you one hundred cents onthe dollar on your merchandise investment.Call in and see them.L WOL.L.STEIIN. PfOO.-f .PhonesandOpportunitiesK. E. SPEARS, Commerical Manager.ftkftfIiv'ki .(Us!ivasWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in ooing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fov fine work and itdever goes brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.i mmmmmBrosThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of jtheSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months . $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.EVERY STATE IN UNIONIN AMERICAN GOODS.Did you know that the articleswhich go to make up your home represent almost every state in the union?They do. The average citizen imagines that he lives at home, but hedoes not. He gets up in the morningand puts on his socks made in -NewYork, shoes in Boston and pantsmade in Ohio. He dips some waterof St. Louis soap. He dries his facedipper and puts it in an Indiana washpan and washes his face with a cakeof St. Louis soap. He dries is facewith a Rhode Island towel and roacheshis hair with a Vermont comb. Hetakes Cuban coffee in an Indiana cupand saucer, sweetened with New Orleans sugar and stirred with a NewYork spoon. His knife, fork and plateare made in the North, and his tablecloth ditto. He eats a piece of Chicago ham fried in Kansas lard, sopshis St. Louis biscuit, seasoned withBoston soda and Michigan salt, intoLouisiania molasses. He wipes hismouth on a Vermont napkin and seatshis family around a Michigan table inchairs from the same State. His mealwas cooked on a St. Louis stove, withwood cut with a Pittsburg ax andhauled in an Indiana wagon. Thenthe citizen puts a Boston saddle ona Missouri mule and gets out hisplow and works in the field encumbered, possibly, with a New Jersey mortgage. He returns at night and satisfies his apetite with another imported meal, fills his Indiana lampwith Pennsylvania oil and lights itwith a New York match. He thenfills his Missouri pipe with NorthCarolina tobacco and settles down ina Northern chair for a comfortableoltioke. When bedtime comes he take,down the family bible which wasprinted in Massachusetts, reads achapter composed in Jerusalem, thenretires to bed, sleeps under, importedcovers and is kept awake two longhours by the yeowls of his cats, whichare the pnly home products he hason his farm.STOPS NEURLGIA KILLS PAIN.Sloan's Linament gives instant relief from Neuralgia or Sciatica. Itgoes straight to the painful partSoothes the Nerves and stops thePain. It is also good for Rheumatism, Sore Throat, Chest Pains andStrains. You don't need to rub, it penetrates. Mr. J. R. Swinger, Louisville, Ky., writes: "I suffered withquite a severe Neuralgic Headachefor four months without relief. I used Sloan's Liniment for two or threenights and I haven't suffered with myhead since." Get a bottle to-day.Keep in the house all the time forpains and all hurts. 25c, 50c, and $1,at your Druggist.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for all sores,(adv-july)DOGS KEEP FARMERSFROM RAISING SHEEP.At the conference of Wool Growersat Washington last week it was pointed out that in the farming States thedog menace deters a great manyfarmers from attempting to keep sheepat all. It was stated that the government through the Bilogical Surveywas doing a great deal toward controlling the wild animal pests in thewest. Texas has gone in very heavily for bounty paying in the destruction of wolves, coyotes and in bears,and it was stated that before the conference that last year Texas expended almost $90,000 in bounties and obtained more than 75,000 animal scalps.The records indicate that wild animalpests are being reduced in Texas morerapidly than in any of the other sheepraising States. The conference reccommended a campaign of educationthroughout the farming States andthe enactment ;of dog laws that wouldtend to reduce this menace to thesheep-raising industry.BEST DIARRHOEA REMEDY.If you have ever used Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedyyou know that it is a success. SamF. Guin, Whatley, Ala., writes, "I hadmeasles and got caught out in the rainand it settled in my stomach and bowels. I had an awful time, and had itnot been for Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy Icould not possibly have lived hut afew hours longer, but thanks "to thisremedy, I am now well and strong."For sale by all dealers,(adv-july)Six months' work,, at a monthlycost of $25,000, will be required tostamp out all plague infection in Newmade by Surgeon General. Blue, who-has talten charge of the work. lCRYING FOR HELP.Lots of It in Paris But Daily GrowingLess.The kidneys often cry for help.Not another organ in the wholebody more delicately constructed;Not one more important to health.The kidneys are the filters of theblood.When they fail the blood becomesfoul and poisonous.There can. be no health where thereis poisononed blood.Backache is one of the frequent indications of kidney trouble.It is often the kidneys' cry for help.Heed it.Read what Doan's Kidney Pillshave done for overworked kidneys.Proof of merit in the followingstatement:Mrs. Eva Cooper, .Main St., Winchester, Ky., says: Although I neverhad occasion to use a kidney remedymyself, I can strongly reccomendDoan's Kidney Pills for we have takenthem in the family with fine results.One of the family has taken themwith excellent results for pain in theback and kidneys."Priced 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills. the same thatMrs. Cooper had.. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y.THIS WOULD HELP SOME.Rural carriers would be appreciative if the patrons would cut the brushand overhanging limbs along theroutes, particularly on the dirt roads.This will prevent carriers getting ashower bath with each delivery ofmail. This seems a small matterto each patron but taken collectivelyit works a hardship on the carrier.Let us help the cause along.Americans use less whisky butmore beer -and cigarettes during thepast year than before, according tothe report of the Internal RevenueCollector.rOnfcklv relievnn "RhnnmatlsEi. Sore Muscles. Neuralgia. Backache. Headache andall -nains. Your mnnpv back if it fails to ) itlieve any ache in any rart of the body Anlteen minutes time.J?rice 50c, At JLH Ztimggists,Free simple and circular tent on requeit.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY.. 342 East Main St., Lexington, Ky. ,vltUW7$b)he Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome f tian clea r, steady light. Insurethis by Retting the oil that burnsclear awl clonn without a flifkirdown to the nt drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Vfvfi no moic than tha Inferior-'-v.wjon -' "ives Z0IEY saves-avf-. ovoi.- ' SOLTTE OIL inlurre.. .. ir works.Ghas. G. St-::: Oil Go.I! i,r .-: V ur-fj.. 5'a.V'e tii cuwoXJcrb"A...WOMAN WOULDNOT GIVE UP- tThough Sick and Suffering; AtLast Found Help in LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.Richmond, Pa. " When I startedtaking Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetablehad internal troubles, and was so extremely nervous andprostrated that if I1 had given in to myteelings I wouldhave been in bed.As it was I hadhardly strength attimes to be on myfeet and what I did do was by a greateffort I could not sleep at night andof course felt very bad iu the morning,and had a steady headache."After taking the second bottle I noticed that the headache was not so bad,I rested better, and my nerves werestronger. I "continued its use until itmade a new woman of me, and now Ican hardly realize that I am able to doso much as I do. Whenever I know anywoman in need of a good medicine Ihighly praise Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound." Mrs. FrankClark, 3146 N. Tulip St., Richmond, Pa."Women Have Been Telling TVomenfor forty years how Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound has restored theirhealth when suffering with female ills.This accounts for the enormous demandfor it from coast to coast. If you aretroubled with any ailment peculiar towomen why don't you try Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound? Itwill payryou to do so. Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass.Kentuckian EscapesBy UsingMr. Burnett Says Wonderful Treatment Saved His Life WithFew Doses.Horace Burnett, of Somerset, Ky.,was a sufferer from stomach disordersfor a long time. His condition became highly serious and he feared anoperation.He took Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy and got swift results.In a letter telling his experience hewrote:"Your treatment has certainly helped me wonderfully. I took my fifthdose last night and it brought good results. I have one more dose to takeand I think I will be well. Your tonicis wonderful. I can eat anything nowthat I want to. I can never getthrough thanking you for your medicine, for I know it saved my life, forI have tried all the doctors and theysaid I would have to be operated on."POPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSunday, JULY 1275cRoundTripSCENERYE Tickets sold at GEORGETOWNiApply to nearest Ticket Agent, QueenH. C. KING. Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.111011'. Wnrrv 1(Yourself During theHot Weather!But Come inalQuick andSliced Ham,Minced Ham,Dried Beef,Bologna,Imported Swiss Cheese,Brick Cheese,Pimento Cheese,Snappy Cheese,IN. Y. Cream CheeseCanned Meats of AH Kinds.Stone's Famous Silver Slice Cakes.T C LENIHAN,Cash9CBoth Phones 234STAPLEGROCERIESAll the VegetablesOf the SeasonIL. ,!OURCannedCannotIN. A. MOORE,Sauer's Old StandOperationMayr Stomach Remedy,Such letters come from all parts othe country. This remedy is knowneverywhere for its remarkagle results. Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedyclears the digestive tract of mucoidaccertions and poisonous matter. Itbrings swift relief to sufferers fromailments of the stomach, liver andbowels. Many declare it has savedtheir lives.Because of the remarkable successof this remedy there are many imitators, so be cautious. Be sure it'sMAYR'S. Go to G. S. Varden & Son,drug store and ask about the wonderful results it has accomplished iacases they know about or send toGeo. H. Mayr, Mfg. Chemist, 164156 Whiting St., Chicago, 111., for freebook on stomach ailments and manygrateful- letters from people who havebeen restored. Any druggist can tellyou its wonderful results.(adv-frid's-No. 11)75cRoundTripMUSICRECREATIONgood only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 am. j& Crescent Route, for further information.and We Will SuggestEasy Meal for You.Grocery.JjC& FANCYtALSOLINE OFGoodsBe ExcelledifiIm90-y ..j&i,f:v..xr..nTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. JULY 10, 1914.I IIKP Mp.LUKE SAYS.Most Frecioue possession.When 1 see about me, in the fields Two wonien can iove one man andoi Intellectual attainment and culture. not spend anything. But when oneIn the walks of business and in tarn- . man lovs two women he usuallyIly lite, so many disasters and trag- goes broke.gdies long drawn out, of failing health I Some men like to go out with aand collapse of nerve, brain and mus- painted woman. But they'd hate tocle I feel that health is the only bul- com,e home to one- f 4' .iv, 00,i,n , i The reason a man has to be such awark upon uhich everything we prize I d Hstener marriage is beta intellectual culture and religious cause he talked too much when he wasperfection can ever be reared. G. 'courting.Stanley Hall. ) Before they are married they strollalong the street Clinging so Closely toeach other that you couldn't wedge acigarette paper betweeh them. Aftermarriage you could drive a movingvan between them when they are onthe street and they wouldn't notice it.When you see a young man climbon a street car late at night with asmudge of face powder on the lapel ofhis coat and his trousers creased atthe bottoms but gabby at the knees,you can bet that his girl is a corn-fed.There never was a young womanwho didn't like to gamble some way oranother. And there never was a womanwho didn't get mad if her husbandtakes a chance.You can know of a man by gettingdrunk with him. But to know awoman you have to marry her.The trouble with a good lobster is! that he usually gives a continuous per-J formance.yve an expect a ion ol raxiLuue iuian ounce of Charity.You always notice how whiskysmells on the other fellow's breath,but vou know people can't, smell itI A Princess can be the life of the; Party and the most Winsome Smilerin me worm wnen sne is out oi company. But you should get a peep ather map when her mother asks herto help wash the dishes.What has become of the old-fashionedgambler who used to wear ahold-out in his sleeve?Praise.Praise is of no use as a mainspring. Power lies outside of it, andentirely independent of it, in all trulyreluable lives. Tennyson, the poet,was also the practical man hen heremarked, "I think it is wisest in aman to do his work in the world asquietly and as well as he can, withoutmuch heeding praise or dispraise.Selected. , , .r, -,, -. ts " r.Grasping.People are willing to take hardknocks for nothing, but soever ellribands cheap.-Suskin.4-ATTENTION, 1PEOPLE!Do You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.SPICER&GILCHRI5TELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101Half PriceYou can cook with gasfor practically half theprice of any other fuel.Gas bills for the monthof June averaged 90c.Can you beat it?First Popular Price Excursion of the SeasonTo Cincinnati and ReturnSunday, July 12,$1.50For the Round TripDAINTY LITTLE DRESSPARTICULARLY DESIGNED FORWOMEN OF SLENDER FIGURE.Nothing Better In Summer EveningFrocks Has Been Offered ThanThis Typically French Confection Described.If you are slender and rather tallyou can wear the dress of the sketchand know that it was designed foryour particular type, but' if you arewell, if you are not, it, will certainlynever do. It was worn by a youngwoman to whom it was not at allsuited at a recent private dance, butthe dress itself was so altogetherdainty and youthful that I am sendinghome a sketch in case any one wishesto copy it for a lovely summer evening frock, writes Lillian B. Young ina letter from Paris to the WashingtonStar.These many ruffled skirts are extremely modish just now, and aremost becoming to the type that suit,for, naturally, the design lends fullness to a slight figure and cuts theheight as well.In this instance dawn-pink chiffonwas used throughout, though if something a little more substantial is preferred the skirt may be of taffeta, andthe bodice of chiffon to match. Thelittle bow knots set at the top of eachiiounce down the left side of the skirt34r"WE KNOW HOW"-ISTRAW HATSATWE HANDLEGARLANDGAS RANGES.See us to-day for kitchm comfort.Special train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a. m., returning Ieoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m. Forfurther information call onLow round trip Summer Touristtickets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,TT7'tl-?Ti rrf An orr1 fracmYi frt cola rloilxrntfay 15, until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct. 31, with very liberalstop-over privileges. For further information call on or addressJ. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.PARIS GAS a IELECTRIC GO. itWIncorporated.!iTOILETNECESSITIES.Here are some of thethings we sell for use onany lady's dressing table:Spiro Powder 25cOdorono 25cRosaline 25cCold Cream D. &R..25cPeroxide Cream 25cElcaya Cre : 50cPomp. Massage Cream 50cMulford Talcum 25cColgate's Talcum 15-2ocFreeman's Powder . . -2ocLaBlacke Face Pow-der 50cThese are not all. -People's PharmacyPARIS, KY.Doyle Buildin gSth and Main."Watch Our Windows."5jt I. Lmx Ifull .V lr WtmmifHALF PRICE!Panamas and HopkinsStraws at ReducedPrices.BUY NOW.While We Have Your Size.1fSfc!9Mitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's Styles Paris, KentuckyiCould Stand It Longer.A lecturer one torrential night addressed an audience which might havebeen much larger "without taxing theseating capacity of the hall. Naturally he was willing to curtail his address, and, having reached what heconsidered the psychological moment,said: "I'm afraid I'v,e kept you toolong." Whereupon a voice replied:"Go on, it's still raining."Our Special Summer TrialCombination Bargain.(Good For the Months of July andAugust.)THIS TRIAL OFFER INCLUDESTheBonrhouNewsOld Coats and Old Friends.My coat and I live comfortably together. It has assumed all mywrinkles, does not hurt me anywhere,has molded itself on my deformities,and is complacent to all my movements, and I only feel its presencebecause it keeps me warm. Old coatsand old friends are the same thing. -gHugo.-AND-iCincinnati Weekly- EnquirerBoth to January 1, 1915, For Only93 c-By special arrangement with TheCincinnati Weekly Enquirer we offerthe above liberal inducement to ourmany friends to subscribe. Thereare hundreds of citizens right in ourmidst who should be subscribers.Keep posted on all the doings inthis vicinity by subscribing for TheBourbon News. In addition you getone of the leading nationaT'Weeklynewspapers, each to January 1, 1915.Our readers will do us a personalfavor by calling the attention of theirfriends to this trial offer. Invitethem to take advantage of this combination before it is withdrawn. Remember this offer is positively notgood after August 3JL, 1914.A FURTHER iiNUUUHfiviiiiii--j.uany one taking advantage of theabove offer within the next THIRTYDAYS we will include a year's subscription to The Household Journal &Floral Life, which is a very interesting monthly magazine devoted to thefarm, flowers and home. Subscription price 25 cents per year.SUBSCRIBE TO-DAY BEFOREYOU FORGET.Call or mail all orders to-THE BOURBON NEWS,Paris, Kentucky.were in azure-blue velvet ribbon, andlent a delightfully quaint touch to thecostume. The sleeves were similarlytrimmed.Don't get the idea that such a skirtis hard to make. It isn't but it willrequire some time and care to arrangethe flounces evenly. They are simplystraight strips of the material(doubled if of chiffon, but single intaffeta) about six to seven inches,deep and evenly gathered at the topand attached to a plain foundationskirt underneath. This may be ofstrong net or of china silk or mous-.seline.The bodice will need a net innerwaist. The chiffon over-part was cutswith short kimono sleeves finishedwith a frill of chiffon, and the openneck, too, had a finishing trill.The girdle was rather broad and!topped by an upstanding ruffle of theiskirt material. It tied at one sidewith a long end and loop caught un-'der a natural-looking rose.The same dress would be delightfulIn taffeta and chiffon of that lovelycream shade that suggests it mighthave lain for years in some old attic chest, and the girdle could be ofturquoise blue velvet caught with asilver gauze rose, while the smallbowknots in the skirt could be madeof very narrow silver game ribbon.Again, flowered taffeta, in one of thesmall wreath, patterns, will make another charming variation.You will probably be able to guessfrom designs such as this that fullerskirts are really on the way.Profit of Books.The profit of books is according tothe sensibility of the reader. Theprofoundest thought or passion sleepsas in a mine, unless an equal mindand heart finds and publishes it.Emerson.Progress by Blundering.To ztt is not only human, it is progressive. Puck.To. Set Colors. JNow is the time when the "forehanded" woman is getting some of herslimmer sewing done. Before makingup the colored wash materials sheshrinks them and "Bets" the colors.Green and lavender materials will retain their coloring, unhurt by laundrywork, if they are soaked at first 15minutes in about two gallons of coldwater to which half a cupful of strongvinegar has been added. Salted water,or water to which a turpentine hasbeen added, will set pinks and blues.Colored silk stockings may be successfully washed by following thelame rules.Coldsshould be "nipped in thebud", for if allowed to rununchecked, serious resultsmay toiiow. JNumerouscases of consumption, pneumonia, and other fatal diseases, can be traced back toa cold. At the first sign of acold, protect yourself bythoroughly cleansing yoursystem with a few doses ofthe old reliable, vegetableliver powder.Mr. Chas. A. Ragland, oMadison Heights, VaM .says:"I have Been using Thedford's Black-Draueht forstomach troubles, indigestion, and colds, and find it tobe the very best medicine 1ever used. It makes an oldman feel like a young one.Insist on Thedford's, theoriginal and genuine. E-67u & n. time-table:EFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trains jrrirsreNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5:21am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily v. 5:18 am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y 7:35am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 7:38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:42 am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily . 9:38 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10:20 am12 Lexington, Ky., Daily . 10:15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. 12:00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:10 pm9 Maysville,. Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:15 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 3 : 33 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:30 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5:35pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Pla., Daily 6:23 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains IDeioarttfo. TO34 Cincinnati, O., Daily .' 5:28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:35 am7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday .'.' 7:50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except' Sunday 7 : 50 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily r 9:43 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9:45 am33 Jacksonvville, Fla., Daily . .. 10:29 am.133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:27 am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily 12:05 pm2G Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:04 an13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:33 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily ir mir: . 3:40 pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday - t. .... 5:56 pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily GJ2Vm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:2opm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:40 pm31 Lexington. Ky., Daily If -55 pm131 Atlanta, Ga., -Daily - 10:57pmTrains ArriveFROMFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday fSFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pTrains DepartTOFrankkfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 830Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:2paTo Stop a Hole.If using plaster of paris to fill awall crack moisten with vinegar instead of water, which will make itmore like putty. Work it In the gapand smooth with an old knife. Itwill not then harden before you havetime to apply it as when water Isused.Great Poet's Splendid Eyes.According to Trelaway no man hadbrighter eyes than Byron; they weregray, and 'fringed with long blacklaches. Lady Blessington, writing ofhim a few months before his departure to Greece, adds that one eye waavisibly larger than -the other.New Number on Clock.Donald, not quite six, is just learning to tell the time. The other day hewas playing in ttie room where theclock is and his mother in an adjoining room asked him what tim iwas. He glanced at the clock and aaawered, "Well, mamma, it Is just frraminutes past the keyhole."Sport Before Schedules."What time will this train raacfcPerkins Junction?" asked a traYaron a short line railroad. "There- aiatno telling," said the conductor aaely."Me and the engineer are goin' Ur g etoff down the Toad a -piece an imatrabbits for a apell."ESSI Beginsl Tuesday, July 14THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, JULY 10, 1914J lJtlJt4J2JJJA4r4JltJJ4JJt',?SIM0I8wi''i,i,I''IwIIiiI,',l0I'if',I,I,'IMI'jL!Saturday, July 254t4,4'4lSi4,44'4'4'4'4'Il,'I,l'I'ItI4,,?,,?'?'4t4Ms'4,'I'I''I',Ili'I'TXDo not fail to attend our Great July Clearance Sale. A Salewhich all Paris, Ky., and adjoining counties recognize as thegreatest value giving event of the season and to which all thewomen of the city and adjoining counties turn out yearly. Agenuine Clearance Sale that has no competition.A clean sweep of every dollar's worth of seasonable merchandise reduced to a price that will sell eacharticle at sight. This invitation is here given to everybody" to attend the greatest July" Clearance Sale in thehistory" of Paris, Ky. ..SuitsWe do not want to carrythem over. We would ratherhave you carry them away.These prices will see the lastof them for us:$20.00 and $25.00 Suits, for $ 9.98$30.00 and $35.00 Suits ,for $12.50$40.00 Suits for $17.50One lot sof White Serge Suits,slightly soiled, $25 values at $6.98Skirts75 Tailored Skirts, regular $5.00Skirts, at 1.9885 Tailored Skirts, regular $7.502nd $8.00 values, at $3.9849 Tailored Skirts, $10.00 values,at $6.9827 Tailored Skirts, $15.00 valuesat $9.50Wash SkirtsOne lot of Pecay Skirts, long Tunics$1.50 value, at 98cOne lot of Rice Cloth Skirts, longTunics, $2.00 vajues, at .'..$1.25300 pairs Short Silk Gloves, doubletips, every pair guaranteed, 50cqua'iity, at 39c125 pairs long Silk Gloves, doubletips, 50c quality, at 39c180 pairs 16-button, long'Silk Glovesdouble tips, regular $1.00 quality,at 69c158 pairs 16-button long Silk Glovesdouble tips, regular $1.25 qualityat 98c49 pairs 16-button, longSilk Glovesdouble tips, regular $2.00 quality,at $1.48NO GOODS CHARGED D URINGTHIS SALE THESE PRICES AREFOR CASH ONLY.CalicoFROM 9 A. M. TO 10 A. M. EACHDAY DURING THE SALE WE WILLSELL CALICO AT 32 CENTS PERYARD 10 YARDS TO A CUSTOMER. MillineryALMOST GIVEN AWAY.$3.00 Hats for 98c$5.00 Hats for $1.98$7.50 Hats for $2.98$10.00 Hats for $3.98$12.50 and $15.00 Hats for $4.98Children's Hats andCaps$1.50 Hats, for 50c$2.00 Hats, for 75c$3.00 Hats, for $1.2525c Caps for 19c50c Caps, for 38c$1.00 aps, for 69c$1.50 Caps, for 79cTuesday,July 14thLinensHERE IS A CHANCE TO REPLENISH THE LINEN CLOSET IN EVERYHOME IN PARIS AND PAY VERYLJTTLE FOR DOING SO IN FACT,IN EVERY INSTANCE THE SELLING PRICE HERE IS LESS THANTHE COST OF IMPORTATION.Sheets355 Seamless Sheets, regular 75cquality, at 59c225 Seamless Sheets, regular 85cquality, at 69c300 Pillow Cases, 15c quality, at.. 11c160 Pillow ases, 25c quality, at. .19cTHIS SALEFOR CASHONLY!Saturday,July 25thDresses . Ginghams289 Ladies' French Gingham Dresses, sold all season at 98c, during this sale, at 69c.850 Ladies' French Madras HouseDresses, sold all season at $1.50,during this sale 98cpecay and Rating Dresses, $5.00quality, at $2.48Voile and Crepe Dresses, with longtunics, $7.50 values, at $4.50Voile and Crepe Dresses, $15.00 and$17.50 values, at $9.93THIS SALE IS POSITIVELYFOR CASH ONLY!Children's DressesChildren's Gingham, Percale andWhite Dresses, $1.50 value, at.. 98cGingham and White Dresses, $2.00values, at $1.48White Dresses, $3.00 values, at.. $1.98White Dresses, $5.00 values, at. .$2.985c LAWNS AT 22c WHILETHEY LAST ONLY 10 YDS.TO A CUSTOMER.Waists550 Waists, Vofie and Crepe, $1.50values, at 98c250 Middy Blouses, white withblue trimming; white with redand white, with black trimming,regular $1.50 values, at 98c450 Waists, '$2.00 values, at $1.2575 Waists, $3.00 values, at $1.9869 Waists, $3.50 values, at.. ..$2.4878 Crepe and Lace Waists, $6.00and $7.50 values, at $3.75Boys' Wash SuitsAt Half Price.$1.50 Suits, at 75c$2.00 Suits, at $1.00$2.50'Suits, at $1.2550c Rompers, at 39cFrom 2 p. m. to 3 p. m. each dayduring the Sale we will setf ApronGingham, at per yard 3-y2c(10 yards to a customer)Lace Curtains97 pairs Lace Curtains, $1.25 pual-ity, at 75C75 pairs Lace Uurtains, $$1.50 quality, at 98C59 pairs Lace Curtains, $2.00 quality, at $1.4880 pairs Lace Curtains, $3.00 quality, at $1.9850 pairs Lace Curtains, $4.00 quality, at $2.4825c quality Curtain, Net, at 17J4c35c and 40c quality Curtain, Net,at 272c50c quality Curtain Net, at 35c20c quality Curtain, Madras, at.. 15c25c quality, Curtain, Madras, at.. 19c35c quality Curtain, Madras, at..27cDress Ginghams569 yards Dress Ginghams, 10cquality, at 7yzc683 yards Dress Gingham, 12Jcquality, at 10cCrepes and Voiles25c Rrepes and Voiles, at 15c50c. Crepes and Voiles, at 29cCLARK'S O. N. T., 6 SPOOLSFOR 25c DURING THIS SALETowels369 Huck Towels, size 14x28, 7Jcquality, at 5c450 Huck Towels, size 18x36 10cquality, at 8 1-3c450 yards Crash, 12J4c quality,at 8 1-3cTHERE ARE OTHER BARGAINS TOO NUMEROUS TOMENTION IN THIS SPACE.COME AND BE CONVINCEDSale Begins Thursday, July 14. Sale Closes Saturday, July 25.KY'.vTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCRY, JULY 10 1914-&feyHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADESOCIAL Ai PERSONAL.Tobacco insuranceagainst naif. SeeRoxie Davis. 26tfDISTRICT OFFICE ESTABLISHED.make the trip from Boston, Mass., inMr. Terry's automobile.Mrs. Lewis Rogers, of Paris, isvisiting Mrs. J. M. Pickrell in Win-j Chester..ml ,,,.., , ! Mrs- Carl Wilmoth has returnedMrs. Thomas Best, 01 Richmond, from Versailles, where attended theis a guest of Paris friends. Chautauqua.. .M.i?s Marion Jackson, of London, j Mrs. Harry Saloshin is the guestis visiting friends in this cty. j of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. L.Mr. William Hertigs, of the L. &; Strauss, in Cincinnati.' 1LVlsVtxVng l- pfittsburS. Ky- ) Mr. and Mrs. James R. StiversMrs. Wm. Sinth, of Paris, is visit- and Mr. and Mrs L. B Keal weremg her parents in Pittsburg, Ky. guests recently of Mr. and Mrs..Jno.Mrs. Stella Duvall, of Louisville, ! M. Woods, in Winchester.it. i jiuesi. oi ner sisier. xurs. jonn 1. at- on,i -mt-,ANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce Hon.C. M. Thomas as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Congressman at the August primary, to beheld in this county on Saturday,August 1, 1914."UNCLE GEORGE" WATSON DEAD.EwaltMr.i returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Thp Sineer Sewins: Machine Com-- " w - - I -nir.. -7 r i-aBv has established a district office j :ur- aclia -ufs. Anson bquires are prank Wright, in Winchester,-n Paris with Mr. J. S. Bonta in I visrtmg Mr. and Mrs. H. S. King, in Mr and Mrs Thomas Rice, ofcharge as manager. The district has Carlisle. I Mays ville, are guests of Mr. and 'Mrs.eisht counties attached, the managers , Mrs. Logan Howard s a- guest of james Dotv, on Seventh Street,reporting to the Paris office. j her sister.-m-law, Mrs. William How J Miss Amie Wilson, of this city, isard in Ewing. j a guest of Miss Carolyn Hutchings, atREAD THE BIG ADVERTISEMENT. Mrs. Charlton Alexander is visit- hier home on Barrett Avenue, in Lou-l ing her mother, Mrs. D. M. Ball, in icYillpFollowing an illness due to old age,death came as a release to "UncleGeorge" Watson, colored, aged 80Houston Rion have ! years, last Sunday afternoon. He wasRead carefully every line in the bigad ertisement of Harry. Simon onpage 4. There is a bargain in everyline.CHILD IN RUNAWAY.Little Miss Thelma Robinson,daughter of Mr. Chas. Robinson, was Igeverly bruised and shaken up Tuesday afternoon on Main street, whenher frightened pony ran away, throwing her to the pavement. She wasLot seriously injured.PLENTY OF SIZES.In all men's Han an, Nettleton,Howard and Foster, and McWilliamsmen's Shoes and Oxfords. Plenty of-lzes in Sorosis, McWilliams Special,nd all makes of Ladies' Shoes andOxfords. All at cost and below.BOURBON BANK & TRUST CO.RETURNS TO POSITION.Mr. Harry Barlow, who has been ona vacation of several months, for thebenefit of his health, returned thisveek from Cynthiana, and has resumed his former position as baggagemaster at the L. & N., station, in thiscity.BETTER SERVICE.On account of the immense stockand the enormous crowds attendingthe sale of Geo. McWilliam's stock,we were somewhat handicapped inwaiting on the people. We have gotten the stock in better shape and canwait on you in a most satisfactorywayBOURBON BANK & TRUST CO.Woodford county.Mrs. J. R. Frizzell is visiting herMrs. J. 0. Marshall and osn visited Mr. and Mrs. J. V. Curie, in Cyn-i 1T J -JT T- -1 T I "' 'imieiiLb, mi. auuivirs. jacK jyons, m thiana, this week and attended theStamping Ground. Chautaugua.Miss Julia Boyle, who has been Mr Russeii Doty came in Tues-lll for some time with typhoid fever, day nigllt from Dayton, O., to spendiS nOW Convalescent. t h,-c vnrnHnn with Vnc naront? Mr. WU VU.VM.b4.WAA 1I4.VA. w jvi vy bhSf 'PONY AND CART DISAPPEAR.The pony belonging to Jas. B. Craven, while standing 'in front of hisplace of business Wednesday night,took fright and dashed down Mainstreet at break-neck speed. The lastseen of the outfit it was still streakingout the Maysville pike. Up to thetime of going to press last night notrace of the runaway team had beendiscovered. Mr Craven is of the opinion that the pony is still going.TEACHERS TO GET THEIR PAY.The fiscal year of the Commonwealth closed with the largest amountprobably in its history in the commonschool fund $638,027.37. This fundis 'inviolate and it insures that the payof the teachesrs will be promptly metfrom the time the first apportionmentfalls due in the fall. Last year,June 30, there was to the credit ofthe school fund in the treasury $282,REV. ATKINS TOPREACH AT HOPEWELLRev. Thomas H. Atkins ,-of Washington, City, will speak and sing forsix consecutive nights, beginning Sunday, July 12, at a tent tabernacle, atthe Hopewell Presbyterian Chapel onthe Lexington pike. Mr. Atkinsonwill preach here Sunday morning onthe subject "A Sure Foundation," andat 2 o'clock in the afternoon he willconduct a service for men only, hissubject being "The Mclst DamningSin of All."MASONIC OFFICERS-ELECTThe stockholders of the MasonicTVmniA have elected the following officers: President, C. A. McMillan;Vice President, William Shire; Secretary Joseph H. Ewalt; TreasurerTheDeposit Bank of Paris. The followingBoard of Directors was also elected:Messrs. C. A. McMillan, Wm Shire,Joseph H. Ewaltx M. H. H. Davis andHouston Rion. The emblematic elkshead which had adorned the front oithe building recently purchased by theMasons, will soon be replaced by theSquare and Compass, and the buildingwill hereafter be known as the Masonic Temple instead of the Elks Hall.BEST OF ICED TEA.Orange Pekoe Tea is the best .forIced Teas. We have itlt C. P. COOK & CO.Mrs. Howard A. Ross, of Chicaago, is a guest of Mrs. Frank Bedford, near Stony Point.Mrs. Wr. Poore, of Maysville, isvisiting her daughter, Mrs. Wm. Rion,Jr., on South Main street.Miss Anna Louise White has returned from a visit to her cousin, MissMyra Brock, of Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. White Varden havereturned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Rufus Lisle in Winchester.Mrs. Ernest Erdman, of Lexington, is a guest of her daughter, Mrs.William Fisher, near Paris.Mrs. Pearl Moore is visiting hersisters, Mrs. Ottie Williams and Mrs.Lee Blevins, in Pittsburg, Ky.Mrs. Sallie Adair, of near Paris, isvisiting her brother, Mr. RichardDodson and family, at Maysville.Miss Martha Pynell, of KansasCity, is a guest of her sister, MissElizabeth Pynell, on Cypress street.Miss Ruth Austin has gone toLake Chautauqua, N. Y., where shewill spend the remainder of the summer. Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Duncan andchildren are at home from an enjoyable visit to relatives in Nashville,Tenn.Misses Lottie and Kate Alford,of Chipley Fla., are the guests of Dr.and Mrs. D. S. Henry, on Cypressstreet.Mr. Henry Lilleston and Mr. Earl1 Davis, of Kansas City, Mo., are guestsof Mrs S. Lilleston 'and family, onHiggins Avenue.Mr. and Mrs. William P. Arderyand Miss Belle Horton, returned Tuesday afternoon from a visit with relatives in Maysville.Mrs. Frank Blaydes, who has beenthe guest of Mrs. Harry Stamler, onSouth Main street, has returned toher home in Louisville.Miss Frances Fisshel, who hasbeen the pleasant guets of Mr. andMrs. Harry Saloshin, has returned toher home in Cincinnati.Mrs. Jos. M. Rion and granddaughter. Rehe Clark, are visiting!Mrs. Rion's daughter, Mrs. MaymeRicn Hill, in Dewitt, Arkansas.Mr. Preston White, who has beena guest of Mr. Horace Miller Clay,near Shelbyville, will return home tomorrow, accompanied by Mr. Clay.Mrs. Logan Bryan and Mrs. DavisPatrick, of North Middletown, areguests of Mrs. A. C. Coons, in Georgetown. Mr. and Mrs. Robert Clark, guestsof the former's parents, Mr. and Mrs.William Clark, on South Main street,haveington.bout a dozen members of Mr. L.P Cook's Sunday School Class, spenta delightful day at Blue Grass Park,near Lexington, Monday, as guests ofMr. Cook.Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds Letton andMiss Gladys Markham have returnedfrom an extended automobile tour toRussellville, Mammoth Cave and toNashville. Tenn. xMrs. John I. Bronson, of Jacksonville Fla,, who has been a guest ofher mother, Mrs. Camilla Wilson, hasgone to New York to visit her brother,Mr. Sevmour Wilson.Mrs. William Cooper, who hasKoon in tbP Massie Memorial Hospitalsome time under medical treatment,is recuperating rapidly at her homeon Sixteenth street.Prof. Henry Elliott, of Newport,is visiting in this city. Prot. jmikkiwas formerly connected with the Kentucky Classical and Business College,at North Middletown.Mr Frank Cox, of Elizabeth, whowas 'injured in a motorcycle accidentneaT Lexington some days ago, isslowly improving at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington.Miss Eleanor Clay, who is a guestof Miss Lucille Witherspoon in Lawrenceburg, was the guest of honor ato br tiartv given on the Kentucki and Mrs. James Doty.Mrs. R. B. Hutchraft and MissHelen Hutchcraft were guests thisweek of Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Dedman,in Cynthiana, while attending theChautauqua.Mrs. Etta Young and two littledaughters, Anna Mard and Mary Francis, were guests this week of Mr. andMrs. James W. Moore, in Winchester,and attended the Chautauqua.Among those who attended thedance at Nicholasville Wednesdaynight were Douglas Clay, HiramRoseberry, Thos. Prichard, IrelandDavis, Misses Mary Allen Hutchcraftand Frances Champ, of Paris.PARIS TO BE HOST TOWINCHESTER CLASS.The Men's Bible Class of the FirstChristian Church of Winchester willvisit the Men's Bible Class of theParis Christian Church, Sunday morning, July 12, at the regular classhour. 9:30 The following programwill be rendered: Reading of thescripture lesson by a member of theParis class. Invocation by a memberof the Winchester class. Prof. T. A.Hendricks, teacher of the Paris class,will conduct the lesson exercises inthe usual manner, and some memberof the Winchester class will give aten minute talk on "How to BuildUp An Organized Men's Bible Class."All the men of Paris, and especiallythe members of the Christian Church,who are not members of the Men'sBible Class, are extended a very cordial invitation to be present and meetthe visitors.LOST.a shoemaker by trade and was knownto nearly every citizen of Paris, wherefor most of his lifetime he followedhis trade. The remains were interred in the colored cemetery, Tuesday afternoon.PORCH SHADES.We sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.(5-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.Public SaleOF-Stock, Implementsand Household and Kitchenfurniture.7JiW. Ed Tucker's-BIGSummerCteaianeesaleiBegins Monday, July 6th,Ends Saturday, July 18th.Two Weeks of Bargain Giving. Don't Miss It.W. Ed Tucker.IParis' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.Palm Beach Coat, between Lexington and Paris. Return to Newsoffice. Reward. 3tTo The Public.All water used for drinking purposes, either hydrant, cistern, well orspring water, should be boiled before using.A. II. KELLER,10-4t Health Officer.iCUSealed bids for resurfacing MainStreet with bitulithic paving, or woodreturned' to their home in Gov-1 block .according to specifications asStJL 1U1 LIl 111 LUC UlUlllttiiG laaocu ujthe City Council, June 25, 1914, andpublished in the Bourbon News June26 and July 3, will be received by theMayor until 8 o'clock p. m Thursday,July 16.Right reserved to reject any or allbids.J. T. HINTON,(10 July 2t) Mayor.As Administrator of the estate ofthe late Mrs. Mary G. McLeod, I will .sell at public auction on the premises,near stop 42 Interurban Railroad, between Paris and Lexington, beginningat the hour of ten o'clock a. m., onTHURSDAY, JULY 16, 1914.the following:5 Yearling Heifers.5 Steer Calves.2 Heifer Calves.1 Black Cow and Suckling calf.1 Yearling Steer. , '1 Red Cow.1 Brindle Cow with Calf.1 Extra Jersey Cow.1 Yearling Mare Mule.25 Ewes.1 Southdown Buck.1 Berkshire Sow.4 Shoats.1 Poland China Sow.3 Large Shotes, about 150 lbs.1 Deering Mower.1 Cutting Harrow.1 Buggy Harness.1 2-Horse Wagon.l.Set Work Gear.A lot of Meat and Lard.A lot of Chickens and Turkeys.Some Household and Kitchen Furniture. Other articles not enumerated here.TERMS Made known on day ofJOHN McLEOD.(Administrator of Mrs. Mary G. McLeod.) George D. Speaks, Auctioneer.10-2tattto9t$(9-.1A.VIIX ii .Z&&zJ'jnir iiLrfS."'r-.'-fcflf,01 SOT WEHTBEB SPECIALSix Iced Tea Glasses,Six Iced Tea Spoonsand Six CoastersALL FOR$4.50C. O. HINTONITHE J. T. HINTON CO.KODAKS" $5.00AND UP.A HUMANE MOVEMENT.A worthy and humane movementthat should have been put into effectsome time ago. whereby fed clerksmay gain a few hours rest, has beeninaugurated here by the concurrenceof a number of merchants. Duringthe torrid months of July and August,except Saturdays, the following firmsSi? close promptly at 5 p. m., thusriving their employes an opportunityof getting acquainted with themselvesand their families:Mitchell & Blakemore, J. W. Da-vis& Co Frank & Co., Ed. Tucker, Har-ctnn The J. T. Hinton Co., I. L.TruL Mayme Parker andIt is expected that others wi 1 volomtarny close upon reading ;th notice. Those whose names are gn ,en, tAsm iv their act that theyrealizs their employes are human andneed a Test."All work and no play,May call the doctor vevery day.-,. j a-. offarnnnnriver, weanesuj- xn."" -Mr Dan Turney Clay has issuedinvitations to a dance to be given atOakland, the home of his parents,Mr and Mrs. J. Frank Clay, on theWinchester pike, to-morrow eveining,J-Mteses Eunice Hinton and SallieMcCluskev. of Decatur, 111., and JuliaPrather. oY Georgetown, have returnedto their respective homes after a visitto theVr cousin, Miss Malissa Nelson,on South Main street. "The subscription dance given atthe Masonic Temple last nigh byLuicen Arnsparger and Ireland Davisvas a most enjoyable affair, inemusic for the occasion was furnishedbv the Goodwin Saxaphone Trio, ofLexingtoii. usgery .s .n AnnLj j1Lphis old home, vvhere lie wm spend aweek's vacation vim " . Au vussery. Enroute he was joinedat KoS, ind., by his daughter, MissDorcas Ussery, who had been visitUig her sister, Mrs. Henry Judy there.L-Miss Addie Harrison of Lexington, came to Paris, Tuesday, to atSSdflie meeting of the Woman s gsMonary Society of the Christian-hurch of which organization' she hasbeen treasurer for a number of years-Mr and Mrs. T. Philip Terry andhvo sons will arrive son for -a visitSSi M& Marguaret and BeatriceTerry, oh Main Street. They willSUMMERGOODS!Big Reduction For This Week.WATCH WINDOW!See Our Line of Porch Shades, Porch Furniture, CrexRugs,lRef rigerators, Go-Carts, Hammocks. . ,it tTi ft J T J (T ,fr tT tfr tT, tt ,gi ,Wall Paper llmost At Cost !Can Hang It At Once.-'Eh.KODAKoffers the pleasures, ofpicture taking indoors oroutCome in and we willshow you how easy it isto Kodak.We have a large line ofKodaks and BrownieCameras.JUST RECEIVEDSeveral bales of Felt Mattresses. Good for cool or hot nights. Very close priceson these.I Anything You Want in Furniture!Cheap, Medium or Fin.DaughertyBros.t? -I, yV tf -1:iPicture Moulding and Frames Made to Order.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance Woo'd Mantels:'-z .itSIXSjw -us tXTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KY., JULY10 1914bto "MOVIES"M! I a &&( 'A H eP H EH Ri f :rZL9 ffl """"tils!M, A; J o Jg ? J M1:!! IllI- TIE1AL SHINGLES I. I AreS t oraipro of?They interlock and overlap in such a way that the hardest driving rain or sifting snow cannot possibly get under them.Besides this they last indefinitely, and never need repairs.Another point They're very reasonable in first cost. You canlearn all about them fromBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.Ieiiiiiiiiiiiisicnidanllfliiiiiliiiiiilliillliiiiiiliiiiii iillND f I!A ICANADAThe land of lakes and cool breezes.An ideal place to spend your vacation.Let one of our passenger representatives help you plan your trip. Noobligation whatever and you will beassured of excellent transportationfacilities and courteous treatment.'4COMBINATIONRAIL, LAKE and OCEAN TRIPSWITH OPPORTUNITY OF VISITINGDetroit- Niagara Falls - Toronto- Montreal -QuebecNew York - Boston and many interesting placesLOW PARES LONd LIMITS LIBERAL STOP-OVERSCall on your local agent or addrenP. C BENEDICT, D. P. A. or F. P. WADE, T. P. A.Fifth and Walnut Sti., Cincinnati, O.Illustrated Tour Books on applicationllniniiJlJBBPAPeople of the Orient Very Fondof the Amusement.First-Class Theaters Have Been Erected and Plays Are Produced WithEvery Possible Attentionto Details.I T. A. HENDRICKSxxxIx444XXRepresentingThe Higgin Manufacturing Co.Window and Door EquipmentsOur Business.AH Metal Window Screens, All Metal Weather Strips,Window Ventilators.Walger Awnings, the Best in the World.Automatic Door Checks everything in window anddoor perfection. Estimates furnished on large or smallcontracts. LET US FIGURE WITH YOU. Drop us a postalor call over the phone and we will send a representative tosde you.Hundreds in Bourbon County to Jefer you to as to thesatisfaction we have given our customers in Paris andvicinity.T. A. HENDRICKS,444264 Rand AvenueLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYTelephone 2585i1 'I1 I'H,2'0I"I'C"I''4,?2'4''2'S'''i'i'iiii'GreatBargainSaleNowGoing On!Greater Bargains than youhave ever before heard of inParis.KINDLY CALL i AT,.'Twin Bios. Depanmenf Siore.Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, KyMany of the motion picture theatersin Japan, particularly in Tokio, -wherethere are over a hundred, are quite aselegant as some to be found in anyAmerican city. You can secure admission for as low as five cents up toas high as 50 cents. In the cheaperportions of most theaters, the nativessit cross-legged on the floor in characteristic Japanese fashion. They remove their shoes before entering andan attendant takes charge of these.Both American and European pictures are shown, but the principal attraction is a long Japanese play,which is presented in a ver,y uniquefashion. In fact, it may be said thatthe Japanese have real talking pictures. The film is produced in the samemanner as a stage play, with everyportion of dialogue spoken.When the picture is projected anactor and actress stand on each sideof the screen and repeat the dialoguein full view of the spectators. Thetwo reciters share the parts playedby the different characters. As theirspoken words keep strict time withthe lip movements of the- silent artists,the result, as may be imagined, isvery effective. Exchange.NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS.You are hereby notified of a meeting of the stockholders of the Peoples Bank for the purpose of merging said Bank with the Deposit Bankof Paris, under the provisions of theKentucky Statutes, and for such other business as may be brought beforeit. Said meeting will be held at theBanking House of the Peoples Bank,Parjs, Ky., on the 22d day of July,1914, at 2 p. m.Yours respectfully,W. P. ARDBRY, President,S. E. BEDFORD, Cashier.304tNOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS.You are hereby notified of a meeting of the stockholders of the DepositBank of Paris for the purpose of increasing the capital stock of said bankfrom $100,000 to $150,000, and ofmerging this bank with the PeoplesBank of Paris, as set forth in the letter to stockholders and agreementmade by 'directors of 'each bank, andfor the purpose of attending to suchother business as may be brought before it.Said meeting will be held at theBanking House of said Deposit Bankof Paris on the 22d day of July, 1914.Yours respectfully,. J. M. HALL, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.30-4tDUKE IN MOVING PICTURESTitled Englishman Takes Part In Important Scene In "The MillionDollar Mystery."FOR RENT.Furnished front rooms with board.Apply toMRS. WALLINGFORD.(7-3t) Cor. Pleasant & Duncan Ave.FOR SALE.One 3-horse-power gas or gasolineengine. Will sell cheap. Apply toHENRY GROSCHE.The duke of Manchester has goneinto pictures. England's titled sonappeared in a scene of "The MillionDollar Mystery" at a studio a shorttime ago. It was the distinguishedforeigner's first view qf motlcn picture making. He likes it. Charles J.Hite, president of the company, escorted him through the studio. Whenthe party arrived" in the East building,where some of the "Mystery" scenesare being taken, Mr. Hite called Di-LOOK! LOOK!For Percy Halin, the carriage andautomobile painter, on the corner ofFourth and High streets. Best materials only used. Both phones. 31mOver Dickerson's Garage, Cor. Highand Fourth Sts. Both phones 539H. M. HAMILTONVETERINARIANOffice, Butler's Drug StorePhones 261. Residence phones:Cumberland 246, Home 449.PARIS, KY.To the Creditors of GeorgeAlexander & Co. StateBank.NOTICE,Florence La Badie and James Cruze.rector Howell Hansel to one side andtold him to put the duke into a scene.It was no sooner said than done. Almost before the Englishman realizedwhat was happening, Director Hanselwas posing him. The duke enjoyedit and laughingly told Mr. Hite to"crank the camera." The visitorproved such an adept that an actualscene was taken, showing him aidingMiss Florence La Badie, the heroineof the forthcoming serial, to escapefrom the machinations of the CountessOlga, Miss Marguerite Snow, and herband of conspirators.The creditors of the above namefGeorge Alexander & Company StateBank are hereby notified to file theirclaims with the undersigned, verified as required by law, at my officeat the Bourbon Bank & Trust Company's place of business in Paris,Kentucky, on or before September 1,1914; and all depositors of said bankare requested to bring in and leavewith the undersigned their passbooks, in' order that they may beposted.BUCKNER WOODFORDSpecial Deputy Banking Commissioner. (22-Fri 3mos.)Biblical Films Barred in Prussia.There must be no biblical films inPrussia, according to a ruling of thehighest administrative court of thekingdom. The Berlin police presidenthad prohibited the production of afilm which gave some scenes from thelife, and sufferings of Christ. Thecourt sustained the action of the police on the ground that the Christianreligion is a part of the public orderwhich the police are bound to uphold.The court also held that such a filmgrossly wounds the sensibilities of religious people, particularly in view ofthe fact that it is given along withlight and humorous productions.Auto Bus Line!NOW IN OPERATION.MEETS ALL TRAINS AND WILIANSWER CALLS AT ALL TIMES.'PHONES, 864.25 CENTS TO ANY PART OF THECITY.J. S, GIININ,Licensed Chauffeur.Hazel Dawn in Big Production,Miss Hazel Dawn of "The PinkLady" and "The Little Cafe" has beenengaged to play the chief role in "Oneof Our Girls." The comedy was written by Bronson Howard, and itabounds in patriotic situations involving the sacrifice of an American girlfor her little French cousin.Actor Has Written Winning Plays.W. D. Taylor (Alvarez Taylor) hasnot confined himself exclusively toacting, for he is the author of several well-known vaudeville playletstwo of which he has played' in himself. He recently put on one for abenefit in Santa Monica, Cal., "TheMills' of the Gods," in which he wasassisted by Anne Schaefer.R. J. NEELYWAREHOUSEStables and Coal YardFor Rent!For over 30 years this has been asuccessful business stand in the FarmImplement, Seeds and Coal Business.Possession on or about July 1.W. W. MITCHELL, Agt.IHdHUdltHOne application soothes and heals a rouehpimplybkin.and.uhenrepeated.quicklveffectsa cure. Eczema. Erysipelas. Tetter. Ulcers' andall skin diseases yield to its curative properties.ouc a box. At all Druggists.Send for free sample and book. "Health and Beauty."JOHNSTON, HOLLOWAY CO.,1730 Spring Garden St., Phila., Pa."Twist the Coin"XL T31sW rTffffisTTW- sfffiNB (2 " '"ljSMBmBF GaLsAaI&IHbBPIIBBMkiWvmIIiyfm- jlThe best polishes inthe handiest bos.Black; Tautand WhiteThe f. f. Dalley Co.LTD.Buffalo. N.Y.HamiltoH, Oat.SHOEWLISHESThomas & WoodfordFire, Wind,Lightning Insurance!Protect Your GrowingTobacco AgainstHAIL '9Only First-Class Companiessij RepresentedrM?'"Ai; -fvj-ASfhLow Round Trip Faresfrom Paris toiSle 1 ork and 13ostonvia LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE R. R.30 day limit Tourist Fares toNew York $28.00 Boston $3 1 .2060 day limit Variable Route Fares toNew York $3 1 .95 Boston $33.40REDUCED ROUND TRIP FARES TO MANY OTHER CITIES AND RESORTSSuperior Serce to tne ast and fsjortnFor particulars, rates, folders, descriptive literature and sleeper reservations, addressW.H. HARRIS, Ticket AgentiMHiaaaBj ! '""l II IIA REVELATIONSANI-GENICPOLISH MOPWSELF ADJUSTINGXhandle yKSllS2slUiillllUUIIIIIIifUII IHUXVITS A CRACKER - 3AClC"SANITARYandHYGIENIC.Price,$1.50.Smaller Size,$1.00.Makes it easy to clean and polish your floors, woodwork and furnitureHeart shaped, having a pointed nose to get at the dirt in the corners. With itsself-adjusting handle (another exclusive Semi-Genie feature) it is easy to reachthose hard-to-get-at- places, such as under radiators, beds, or over doors andmouldings.C. A. DACJOHERTY." k "- T'"''?V""'-ll''tVl .Vtfii. wCvW t. $R)SW r.-v ;.-v -'rl'55TJmS-.ESafe 2L. Jl. -3L:.5rV33fl-'ri.-iatt, 4 .Trmsrs are popular because they acti0 Uunian ana uuui aic a. aUb ..-cpps them acting that way.fter a man has been married alile iie realizes that his wife was theUt man at his wedding.HAPPY MOTHERHOODTbehappinessof motherhood istoooftenchecked because the mother's strength isnot equal to her cares, while her unselfishdevotion neglects her own health.It is a duty of husband or friend to seew die cetsthe pure medicinal nourishment in Scott's Emulsion, which is notcentrated oil-food tonic to enrich and enliven the blood, strengthen the nerves andaid the appetite. Physicians everywhereprescribe Scott's Emulsion for overworked, nervous, tired women; it buildsno and holds up their strength.Get Scott's at your nearest drug store.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMEFTCfl c::re Blind, Bleeding and Itching Pijt ab?crbs the tumors, allays itchinj? at onacts as a poultice, gives instant relief,yor sa.e by all druggists, mail 50c and 81WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, 0For Sale, uy W. T. BrooksKENTUKIANS RUNOFFICES INFOROKLAHOMA.OKLAHOMA CITY, Okla., July 9.The time for filing as candidates forthe Oklahoma State primary election-,to be held August 4,expired this week.The following former well-knownKentuckians have filed for office:R. P. Duffy , of Paris, Ky., now alawyer of El Reno, filed for the officeof Lieutenant Governor, a positionwhich he sought at the last election.Judge Preston S. Davis ,who wasborn and reared in Paris, Ky., is acandidate for re-election as Judge ofthe Vinta district.BJUKLEN'S ARNICA SALVE-FORCUTS, BURNS, SORES.Mr. B. S. Loper, Marilla, N. Y.,writes: "I have never had a Cut,Burn, Wound or Sore it would notheal." Get a box of Bucklen's ArnicaSalve to-day. Keep handy at all timesfor Burns, Sores, Cuts, Wounds. Prevents Lockjaw. 25c, at your Druggist,(adv-july)A French scientist who has beenexperimenting for 18 years to ascertain the effects of low temperatureson fish and animals, has found thatcommon snails can withstand thegreatest amount of cold.1FASHIONESENDS OUT HERNEWESTDECREESLoose Armholes Giving Wayto Fitted Sleeves of BasqueWaist.'PRUDENTTHEMANfflS MONEY,,. TTfUm f.lltKEEPS SBm I W-M. -6r HH 1 lla.Vv r-V.aJBF' KT! d' S'"Sfc5"-NEW YORK, July 9. A greatdeal of talk has been occasioned bythe protest made by the women atthe General Federation of Women'sClubs in Chicago recently against themodern styles. The resolution statedthat the clothes worn were extreme,immodest and lacking in beauty. Thiswas signed by 40,000 women. A deputation of women were appointed ineach district to interview the manufacturers and .dressmaker and request them to design and makesimpler and more modest dresses.OUR BANKBurglars have a way of finding out the house in whichmoney is hidden. That's the burglars' business.The man who hides his money in his house or elsewhereis always in great danger of losing both his MQNEY and hisLIFE.Hide your money in our bank, behind our thick wallsand strong locks and where men of known financial RESPONSIBILITY keep it SAFE' for you.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $i00.000.00.J. M. HALL, President.'Surplus, $40,000.00.C K. THOMAS, Cashier.ta3g35Sgg2agytg2SX;:gJg3gWe don' t expect all our friends tobe customers, but all our customerswho useFOX RIDGE COALGROUNDAND SANIPECTare our friends.Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.v.c qfh Main St. Both Phones 140X 0.1.V40, Wv- AAMn AM VMHBBM WWI Par is Odorless Cleaning Co.Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or. OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your' clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before., All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory jMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned and -luens ami your satlsfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40,Pari Odorless Cleaning Co., bam Levy, rropneior.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.: SBi i:o w1I I c ' I e VI I I 'l-OH aI I I oe 4 1if f X 1 or "QlI r ik c o "-OX o ZX1 2S. L e A S25t ' r""o e" " iVo II I il I 1ril " h c r Jn o i ; J jof0 A ct Mr? i o i n . j. n, n jj'a J -r -llrf iiff u v ,ii nI , t - Imfto I fL o " illt tt 7 i1 o 7 I fn A c fA " -ffv ' " o 1iv y il iRxS0 if11 ' o II J!that it almost made -one wonder attimes if there, was an armhole at all.Waists of different styles are alreadyshowing that this has an influence uon them and are appearing withsmaller armholes. A strong tendencyexists towards embellishing seams insome way. For- instance, sleeves areput in with a cording around the armholes or narrow lace or beading isused. This is a very pretty way ofmaking a simple waist attractive.From all sides we hear rumors ofwider skirts and yet when we examine the models we find the largeness consists in a large quantity ofmaterial in draperies, in flounces ortunics, while the underskirt or foundation remains as narrow or narrower than ever. The tendency of thesetunics is to widen out, measuringabout 2 to 3 yards in width, withthe fulness gathered in at tht waist.This style is practical to develop insheer and summery materials, andlater possibly for the developmentof the heavier fabrics.The tremendous popularity of laceis evidenced in the wraps and 4gownsdisplayed of these materials for midsummer. Long tunics of lace are wornover underskirts of satin, taffeta andchiffon. Coats and capes of lace havesuperseded those of chiffon and taffeta. Skirts are made with ruffles oflace from hip to hem. If one is fortunate enough to possess old lace itmay be -used to the greatest advantagthis. season. Among the most popularof the laces are, first and foremost,Chantilly, then maline, shallow andfilet lace. The old Spanish patternsare being revived in borders on netfoundations. The great novelty ofthe season's laces are the metal laces.Gold and silver laces in dainty andquaint designs combine charminglywith soft taffeta and satins. Net topof crystal," gold or silver, and aremuch used for tunics on dancing andevening frocks. A dress of changeable blue and pink has a skirt witha long tunic of net delicately embroidered in iridescent beads whichharmonized charmingly with thechangable effect of the silk.Black lacquered' ribbon is now superseded by white lacquered ribbon,and, together with pert little wingstrim a small white hat stunningly.This is decidedly a season of white.Never has there been so many allwhite costumes so immensely popular:Wolf, Wile I Go.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Kentucky! The $5.00 and $10 00Suit Sale ContinuesValues Up To $38.50A Waist Showing the Armhole andSkirt With Doub'ie FlouncesThis is a heroic measure on thepart of the American women, and onethat is hardly apt to meet with success as long as Paris is the recognized source from which the styles ofthe day originate. This distinction isheld by the Parisians because afterall is said and done they have virileideas upon the subject of dress andare able to carry them out to artistic advantage. Until it is decided thatsome other place shall be the arbiterof what we shall, and shall not wear,this protest will have but little influence. With the vogue for the baspue andpolonaise come many styles whichhave their origin in these but" aremodified to suit tha women to whomthe mentioned styles are not becoming. These last are moyen age intype, being long of waist and looselybelted in at the waist with belt orsash. One stunning dress of thisvariety is of white silk with chiffonoverwaist which hangs straight fromthe shoulders to the depth of a longtunic, but held in by sash which runsthrough slits made in the chiffon.This is a style which is easily appliedto cotton materials, such as crepe,batiste and others.The simple but dainty designs called the polka dot and the ring havehad a long period of being unnoticedor, at least not noticeable smart. . Butthis summer they are to be seen infoulards, in wash silks, in cottoncrepes and, of course, percals andcalicos. In the illustration is a simpleand attractive dress made of percalewith a blue ring strewn across its,surface. The waist shows the newtendency of the armhole which isgrowing smaller and the skirt hastwo circular flounces. Crisp whitecollar and cuffs and crushed girdleare the finishing touch. This is adress which can easily serve as themodel by which to plan a dress. Withwaist and skirt of strip'ed materialand flounces of plain it would be unusual in its attraction. Another wayof finishing the dress would be tobind the ruffle of the sleeve, the collarana me nounces wiui a uoior luaiuu-ing the figure in the percal.eNever was a style revived in greater completeness than the basque. Inthe tightness of the armhole and thebuttons down the front, and the pointsat the waist this modern basque isan exact replica of its ancestor. Theplain fitting long tunic skirt is a conservative model of its type and onewhich the woman of full figure caneasily wear.The armhole of the basqut waist issnug and certainly looks almostqueer, after the looseness of the ki-Jmona blouse we have worn so longHilisfk4rsHaving closed out practically all of the lotsplaced on sale Monday, we have now added41 additional Suits to the $5.00 and $1 0.00Sale. These garments have been hung onracks and are nowVeady for your choosing.Fabrics include Fine Serge, Gabardines,Wool Poplins, Wool Crepes, Moires, Taf- Jfetas and Silk Poplins in black, navy andthe various spring shades-Choice of the balance of our stock, includ-ing any Spring Suit in the house. XAt $15.00 ' IGarments That Sold Up To $65.00.Suits For Vacation WearSpring and Summer Coats that sold For$7.50 and $12.50, choice at$5.00iWolf, Wile d Co.ormerlyJfaiifman, Straus dc Co.exingtoln, K.y.4Anyway, if Eve hadn't fallen for theApple, the Snake would have handedher a Mirror and obtained the sameresult.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamLledicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxtoa Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.fbTSONEPOPOf BOURBON POULTRY CUtfdown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops fn thedrinking -water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. lexiagto, Iy.When you feel SSS3T5'vous, tired, worried or despondent it issure sign you need MOTTS NERVERIN (PILLS. They renew the normal vigor ar tmake life worth living. Be sure and askMott's Nerverine Pills &'WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhitL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Pari Ky,McCu.lmm mm mmm MMBWiThis Basque Is An Almost Exact Replica of a Basque of 1880 With aModern Skirt.as at the present. How sensible, forif one must be economical it must beacknowledged that white, at least,does not fade, which cannot be saidof the charming pinks and blues,which are so alluring upon the counters of the stores.Veils are very smart and most becoming. They no longer come downover the face in an unbecoming manner, but just touch the tip ofthe nose. The diagonal mesh ispopular and should have a single,double or triplet border of tintychenille or thin velvet dots. Manynovelties are shown in these, but theyshould be read of as novelties, for instance, some veils are shown witha tiny peacock", beetle or butterfly embroidered upon one side in naturalcolors. Who but the person lovingto be conspicuous would care to wearone of these?tJURED OF INDIGESTION.Mrs. Sadie P. Clawson, Indiana, Pa.,was bothered with indigestion. "Mystomach pained me night and day,"she writes. "I would feel bloated andhave headache and belching aftereating. I also suffered from constipation. My daughter had used Chambelain's Tablets and they did her somuch good that she gave me a fewdoses of them and insisted upon mytrying them. They helped me as nothing else has done." For sale by all1 dealers.APostalBringsThisBookrIt is free it tells how you can havelocal and long distance telephone service in your home at very small cost.. Send for it todayy Write nearest Bell Telephone Manager, or vFARMERS' LINE DEPARTMENTCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph Companymand which gives so much freedom (adv-july)INCORPORATED.r -""' " v,vv:j,;t'7?"'""'V -'iMl,',,yuHWi..'-l'M,. -.. ,-,-wt, ..,-. ."" "T1" t " iKKi H)1i 'TFil IT ' -1 1 -""H"i W i1 'TflETBOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., JULY 10 1914. it... " - --. !.cBIGSUMMER CLEARANCE SALEr""" k t iH B m K fL. ' 1 1 r LV m A rIS NOW GOINGrThere Have Been Sales, But NeverONOne Like This !25 This Season's SuitsSizes 16 to 40, all colors, sold formerly at $30.00 and$35.00, now each $5.00For Cash Only.Moire and Poplin SuitsRegular $25.00 values, now, each 7.95This Season's CoatsRuffle and pleain. effects, worth regularly up to $25.00,now each $5.0010 Silk DressesNewest styles. Taffetas, just one-half regulor price.Separate SkirtsAll reduced in price.Extra SpecialsThe following desirable SummerFabrics at cost and in many casesone - third to one - half of regularwholesale cost:Foulard Silks, regular 90c grade, sale price, yd 49c50c grade, per yard 35c$10.00 Brocade Crepe Dress Patterns. . .' $5.00$15.00 Brocade Crepe'Dress Patterns $7.7550c Wool Shallie, all new patterns ...39c$1.25 Ratine Linens 79c75c Ratines and Linens 38c50c Ratines and Linens 29c25c Fancy Crepes .' 1 5c15c Fancy Crepes 1 Oc$1.00Buys One of Our Special Gingham or LawnDresses.If you've never had one of these dresses you shouldcome in and try one for comfort, fit and style. Theycan't be beat.Special Summer Prices on Wool and CottonBlankets, Bed Spreads and Curtains.Muslin UnderwearMade in every desirable summer style out of the sheerestmaterial and daintiest trimmings all go in this sale.Every Summer Dress That Sold Formerly at$3. 00 to $6. 00 Each, Now $1. 95 Bach.Choice of Trimmed Hats at Just One-Half ofRegular Marked Price.1We assure you that this sale will be theBanner Summer Sale and well worthyour attending.FRANK & CO.i , .OLDEST IN THE BUSINESS.re-ma-Lawn mowers sharpened andTairArL Oldest antomobile andchine repair shop in the city.SM'L KERSLAKE & SON,East cor. Third and Pleasant Sts(15m-2mo)Eleven miles of subways are beingconsidered to solve Liverpool's congested traffic problem.PORCH SHADESMore than 50 feet of tin tubing,filled with peas, is used by an Englishinventor to' filter the scratching andmetallic "sounds from phonographmusic. fc .atiilBOURBON FARM SOLD.The fine Vanmeter farm of 194acres, located on the Ware pike, nearWe sell the beautiful and service- Hutchison, was purchased Tuesday byable "No Whip" Porch Shades. They Mr- jno- -oucKiey, 01 near uiinionvnie,ironi miss j-iaura. assiuy, ujl tue uuuu,tv. The Drice Daid is in the neirfibor-A. P. WHEELER & CO. hooa 0f $19,400. The farm is well-im-(5-tf) proved and well watered.will please you.rtjveir IGreat Cash RaisinThe Greatest Footwear SaleWitnessed in This CountyWe are overstocked with Shoes. Manufacturers who shipped us thegoods urge us to turn these into cash at once. THEY NEED THEMONEY! Our enormous stock of High GradeMen's.will be sold at a great sacrifice of original values- Read the prices carefully.HS OF MILLERSBUFIGTHEATRIGALMr. Thomas Jefferson Vimont At The Columbia ,died at his home Monday afternoon at ' Thanhouser's great serial pictureBloomington, 111. Mr. Vimont is a Tne Million Dollar Mystery" thebrother of Miss Lizzie Vimont, of biggest film project oi its kind ever unthis place, and his early life was spent . dertaken. First two parts to be shownhere. Funeral and interment took at tne Columbia Theatre next week:place Wednesday. He is survived by i Parfc 1 of the first episode is givenhis wife and one daughter, both of over to picture information concern.whom are well known here. j ing the serial. The "Million Dollars"of the title and the greed for it whichOne of the most pathetic funer- inspires the action of the story is alleals perhaps that has ever taken place gorically shown with a clever conceitin Millersburg was that of Mr. Wm. j in which a mass of bank notes in theLinville, aged 23, and his little three- center of the picture is the bait formonths' old daughter, Bruce Freeman, scores of darting hands belonging towhow ere laid to rest in the Millers-! invisible owners. In the first episodeburg Cemetery at 3 p. m. Tuesday, in ' of the serial a pair of hands andthe same casket. Mr. Linville re- hands ouly are shown removing thesided at Paris, and is the son of Mr. million dollars in bank notesfrbm theWilliam Linville, of Barterville. safe. Who owns these hands is oneAbout two years ago he was united in ( of the early mysteries. Hargreave'smarriage to Miss Nellie Foster, of escape 'in a balloon which he has ar-tnis city, and since then has resided ranged to have alight on the top of.at .fans, tie nas long oeen a suiiererfrom stomach trouble, which is partially the cause of his death. Aboutthree months ago a little daughter,Bruce Freeman, was born in the homeThe child has been delicate frombirth, and for a few days was critically ill. On Saturday the child wastaken worse and died at 11:50 Monday. They were both interred in thesame casket in Millersburg. CemeteryTuesday at 3 p. m., after a short service by Elder C. O. Cossaboom, ofthe Christian Church. The youngwidow has the sympathy of the entire community.his house in the big thrill of the firstepisode and it is "some thrill."ITfJliQlLLadies' Colonial Pumps of elegant Patent Colt,with button on side, Milo Shoe, $5.00 value at. . Sj;2.99Ladies' Patent or Soft Dull Calf Pumps, $4.00value at ,Ladies' Patent Colonial, Oxfords or Shoes,S3.00 values at ".Ladies' White Canvas Oxfords, rubber soles,$3.00 values at $ 1 .99 andLadies' White Canvas Colonial and Baby DollPumps, $3.00 values at $ 1 .99 andLadies White Canvas Pumps, 2.00 values at..Ladies Pat. Pumps, Louis heel, $3.00 values at2.491.991.491.49.991.49Ladies' Kid Oxfords, $2. 00 values at 1.24Ladies' Suede Button Oxfords, $5.00 values at. . 1 .99Ladie3' Suede 2-Strap Oxfords, $2. 50 values at. 1 .49Men's Tan Oxfords and High Shoes, $5.00values at $3.49Men's Tan Rubber Sole Oxfords, $5.00 values 3.49Men's Tan and Black Latest Last Shoes andOxfords, of the famous Walk-Over and Beaconmakes, $5.00 and $4.00 values at $3.49 and 2.49Men's Tan Rubber Sole Oxfords, GoodyearWelts, $4.50 values at 2.99Man's White Canvas Rubber Sole Oxfords, $4. 50values at $ 1 .99 and 1 .49Men' Patent and Gun Metal Oxfords, $3 values 1 .99Men's Patent Colt- Walk-Over Oxfords,$5 values 2.99Boys' Patent and Gun Metal Oxfords or Shoes,$3.00 values at ' 1 .99Boys Gun Metal Shoes and Oxfords, $2. 50 values 1 .49READ THE BIG ADVERTISEMENT.Read carefully every line in the bigadvertisement of Harry Simon onpage 4. There is a bargain in everyitem.CORONER HOLDS INQUEST.Misses' and Children's Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps, in Patent Leather andWhite Canvas, at specially reduced prices. Barefoot Sandals and Outing Shoesat Bargain Prices.3DmJStkm1STCOHEN'SGreatest Shoe StoreWhere BeautyAn investigation of the circumstances surrounding the death of AlbertOder, of Cynthiana, who was struckand instantly killed by an L. & N.train near Talbott Statiou, Monday,was conducted in this city Wednesdayby Coroner Rudolph Davis. The juryafter hearing the testimony of alaarge number of witnesses, returneda verdict in accordance with the facts.The train which killed the unfortunate man was in charge of ConductorEverette Peterson and Engineer Muggridge. The Coroner's report and theverdict of the jury exonerated thetrainmen from all blame.The funeral of the unfortunate victim was held from the residence ofhis brother, Mr. Barnett Oder, in Cynthiana, Wednesday mornig, with, .services coducted by Rev. W. A. Penn.The remains were interred in the Battle Grove Cemetery, at Cynthiana.DISMISSEDFOR "LACKOF EVIDENCE.'and Econom yeignsjSuspecting that the "EvidenceVault" in the basement of the Carlisle Court-House was leaking, officersmade an investigation Wednesday,and found that some 2,000 bottles ofoeer had "evaporated" from some unCLARK-LEGG.Miss Helen Legg, cousin of Mrs.Frank Trisler, of Paris, and Mr. FrankR. Clark were married recently inMontgomery, Wfest Virginia, wherethey both reside. The bride hasfrequently visited Mrs. Trisler.MORGAN-GORDON.Friends in this city were greatlysurprised Tuesday night to learn thatMiss Ruth Morgan, formerly of Paris,had been married Tuesday afternoonin Nashville, Tenn., her new home toMr. Fielding Glass Gordon, of Nashville. The bride, who is the only daughterof the Rev. Carey E. Morgan, pastorof the Paris Christian Church forseveral years, and Mrs. Morgan, visited Paris for several weeks this summer as guests of Miss Belle Hortonand other friends, but so carefullydid she guard her interesting secretthat not her most intimate friendsknow of her approaching marriage.The bridegroom, who is the Secretary of the Union Trust Company, ofNashville, is said to be a fine youngman. and a member of a prominentfamily in Nashville. The wedding wascelebrated at the home of the bride'sparents and was a very quiet affair.The many Paris friends of the beautiful bride, extend best wishes for alife of happiness. After a trip to NewYork and other places of interest inthe east, Mr. and Mrs. Gordon will reside in Nashville.COLORED CAMP MEETING.Rev. R. Quarles, a (colored ministerof this city, who has been called"The' Black Moody says that thoughhe is not a prophet on a priest, thathe. has presentment that we will haverain inside of the next few days tohelp out Bourbon County. Rev.Quarles will preach at Monterey, onSunday, the 12th inst., morning andnight. Rev. Quarles will hold a meeting at Berry Grove on Sunday, July26th. ,. - f (adyiTV4.A'''"'M&eT'Jknown cause. ,