wwvwm www, , -A...ajLi .-.r'PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAB.4suu.VOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1914.tr it if "ttOME TELEPHONE OPERATORSGUESTS AT BANQUET.THE TABERNACLE MEETINGS.Crlef operators and their assistants-err the guests of the Home Telephone Company at a sumptous banquet in the Frankfort office, Saturday,-vvhtn they were given a chance to become better acquainted with thosewit:, whom they converse each day.The visitors were taken in chargeby Manager Chambers and assistants,of ilie Frankfort office, and shown allthe Doints of interest in and aroundFrankfort. At nine o'clock Saturday-nigrt a banquet was spread of whichfully 150 visitors and members of theoffice forces partook. The dinner,was served in six courses and theguests were favored with flowers. Following the banquet the operators weregiv2i talks on efficient service. Afterthe banquet a flashlight picture wasraa of the gathering.Trose from District Manager J. J.Veei ch's forces attending were: Missdenine Lusby, Chief Operator, Paris;Mies Elmeta O'Neill, Toll Operator,Par -; Miss Daisy Flouenjre, ChiefOperator, Cynthiana; Miss Edith Heck,To:1 Operator, Cynthiana; Miss RoseColics, Chief Operator, Carlisle; MissEliz.foeth Trumbo, Toll Operator, Carlbk Miss Mary Murphy, Chief Operator. ?raysville; Miss Sallie Cummings,To1! Operator, Maysville.Miss Lusby, of the Paris office, readon of the most interesting papers,"CuFivating the Voice for Proper Operaung," which is given in full below:"Tr.e subject given me to-night isfiiir Af which I have made a specialstudy. Upon taking my first position!at xie switchboard ,1 somehow leltthai a pleasant, courteous tone ofvoicrf- was of vast importance and Iwest to work to prove this myself,whieji 1 have done to my entire satisfacdon. "Tne operator is the saleswoman ofth Telephone Company, and the iin--pressionof the Company is largelytaker, from the way we answer ourpatrons and handle their calls. We"have no way in which to assure thepublic of our interest and desire toplea, except via the voice. Thefacial expression, the twinkle of theeve, :he clasp of the hand are all?limiiiated in this work, but we mustfind & way to suggest the same kindlyfeelings; therefore, it is importantthat the voice be trained to carry thesense of cheerfulness and interested.attention that a personal interviewwoujd give under favorable circumstances. A kind voice, and the consideration shown a patron in thetransaction, are genuine assets to any"business.-I nave found that a low tone ofvoic- is necessary in this work. Usea chest and not a head tone; speaklow. -listinctlv, clearly and in a questioning manner and the impressionyou leave with your subscriber is aplea?ftnt one, suggesting interest,courtesy and the desire to piease. xeThe attendance at the Ham-Ramseymeetings this week has been fully upto expectations, and considering theweather has, in several instances exceeded expectations.On Wednesday morning EvangelistHam delivered a most striking sermonon the subject, "The Devil," in whichhe gave a modern conception of thepersonal "devil." At the eveningmeeting he preached on "Repentance."Both meetings were largely attended.At the evening meeting Mrs. M. H.Hamilton played an appropriate selection of sacred melodies as a violinsolo, her artistic touch instantly winning the hearts of the big audience.Yesterday was "Mothers Day" whentribute was paid to "mother," deadand living, in the wearing of appropriate flowers, and by the devotional exercises at the Tabernacle. In his discourse Mr. Ham paid a fervid and eloquent tribute to "mother" in his sermon on "The Resurrection." Manywho have heard all his sermons pronounced it the most beautiful tributeever heard here to God's noblest work,"mother." An appropriate musical pro-I gram was rendered 7y the choir underthe direction of Chorister Ramsey. Atthe night service tlve evangelist tookfor his subject "The Lepers of Paris."This morning, Mr. Ham will speakon the subject, "Will the United StatesBe Involved in the fiuropean War?"and at the evening, service the subject will, be "Naaman."' To-morrowmorning he will speak on "The Overflowing Life.""Converts night"DR." COOPER INDICTED.A fine of $50 and costs was imposedupon "Dr." Lee Cooper by Judge F. A.Bullock Wednesday in the Fayette Jcounty Court, in Lexington, on a warrant sworn out by Dr. L. C. Redmon,secretary of the Fayette Medical Society, acting under instructions fromthe Kentucky State Board of Health,charging him with selling medicinewithout license.After the evidence was introducedby the prosecution to show that thedefendant sold medicines on the street,made demonstrations as to the effectiveness of the remedies and collectedmoney for the 'sales, the defense de- jclined to offer any testimony. jWhile the trial was in nrnerpss. t.hfigrand jury returned a batch of indictments against Cooper, F. B. May,Will Randall, members of Cooper'sstreet show, and J. W. Gore, pressrepresentative for Cooper. Four indictments were returned against eachof the men, the charge being that of"professing to treat disease and deformities by the use of drugs andnostrums without a license from theState Board of Health.""Dr." Cooper held forth in Parisseveral weeks during which time some"marvelous cures" were made (?.)CHANCE FOB FARMERS.THIS FISHERMAN SAYSTHEY NEVER GET AWAYReferring to reports that agents ofthe European Governments are buying large numbers of horses in Kentucky for war purposes, PresidentThe evening will be j Harrison, of Southern Railway Company, said:,"This is a matter that directly concerns the farmers of the South. On account of the great destruction of horsesthat is now going on in Europe, wemay look forward io an active demand for draft animals during thewar and tori some time aftejr therestoration of peace. The -naturaleffect of this will be to bring abouthigher prices, and this emphasizesthe importance to the farmers of theSouth of raising their own draft animals and not buying so many horsesand mules from the West as heretofore."A few days ago one of the bestknown fishermen in Bourbon countywas trying his luck in Stoner Creek,a few miles above Paris, and aftercatching several of the medium kind,he had a most vicious strike. It wasone of the kind you read about andoften hear Ben Downey talk about onthe Chippewa Club's front portico,and after a long and terriffic strugglethe fisherman's line became fast.Being so very anxious to catch thefish he immediately began to investigate. To his surprise the angler foundthat the fish had taken his line intoa muskrat hole. He stopped thehole with rocks, and proceeded to atenant house on the farm of Mr.Charlton Cla$', nearby, where he borrowed a grubbing hoe.Upon his return he begun to digand as a reward, captured a fourpound bass which had become securely hooked to his line. Besideshis own hook the bass had seventeenother hooks seccurely embedded inits mouth. These hooks, our fisherman friend says, answer the exactdescription of those used by BenDowney, Ed. Hinton, Jim Grinnan,conscious always of the tone of your j rjoug Thomas, Jimmy Coons, KimmievoiCr and the effect it will have; it Duvall, and other well-known fishervou rpeak cross or hurriedly, notice men.4n c-iirii- nf antagonism it generally-arouses and which comes back o you.Speak pleasantly and clearly at alltimes and in all cases and you willfind nat the effect of your voice willchancre the most angry and cross person a:?d will make them feel that youhave aone your best for their interest.Studv theise things, test them outvour?lf, then profit by your experience, practice it usitU you will neverspeak over a wire without a properregard for feeling of the one you canaor ee, and be assured that the eniavor to do your work right will notonlv sain friends and business fort!" t ompany, but also for yourself.our efforts will not go unnoticed.Ther- is a right and wrong way to dooery thing. Find the right way, thendo ih best you know how every momnt. It leads up to larger opportuuii les, greater responsibilities and bringsa feeling to peace that comes with theknowledge of work well done."The following paper, prepared byManager Yeatch, pf 'the Paris office,Mas read by Miss Lusby, both papersbein? pronounced excellent by herauditors:"Asule from the other good features ot a more detail nature, whichis being so thoroughly hauJ'ed by ourverv efficient Chief Operators of theEastern District as to "Value of Operators' Meetings and How to Make ThemProductive of More Good" I can sayfrom personal observation that themeetings we have been conducting atC'vinhiana and Paris had provided asvstem bv which all of the operatorsare becoming better acquainted withone another, as well as those overthem: they are learning what realstudv means, that without an efforton their part the progress of the Comuanv as well as themselves is greatlyhandicapped."With this system it requires veryfew meetings to ascertain just whichoperators are really interested in thework and we are soon relieved of thedrones, and it is with the highestsense of satisfaction that I say I donot believe there is a more interestedand loyal set of operators in any ofthe Central Home office than at Cynthiana and Paris."At Maysville and Carlisle we havejust about completed the organization of these meetings, and it is reallyinteresting to notice some, of theseoperators arousing'from their slumberbeginning to show real life. Why ofcourse Operators are human and havelife, why shouldn't they be happy andtry to make all of our subscribers feelbetter instead of worse!"Now. in order to enauie .uavsville and Carlisle to catchNEW MANAGEMENT.PARIS HIGH SCHOOL VS.MT. STERLING HIGH SCHOOL.Not at all disheartened by their defeat last Friday by the valiant warriors of the M. M. I., the Paris HighSchool football eleven will tackle theMt. Sterling team in a game at WhitePark, today. The game will be calledat 3:00 p. m. Come out and "root"for the boys as they are confident theycan show you a clean and closegame. The lineup of the Pariseleven will be practically the sameas that of previous games.BANK' DOUBLES CAPITAL STOCK.Miss Letitia Davis, who has beenmanager of the Western Union Telegraph office in this city for severalmonths, has resigned her position, on i per share to the stockholders, thereccount of the serious illness of her by leaving to the credit of the surplusThe Farmers Bank, of Millersburg,filed amended articles of incorporation with County Clerk Pearce Paton,Monday, increasing its capital stockfrom $15,000 to .$30,000.The increased $15,000 capital stockissued is to be paid out of the surplusfund of the bank, which amounted to$25,000, and which was provided forby declaring a stock dividend of $100mother at Vine Grove, Ky., and hasgone there to be at her parent's bedside.Miss Davis is succeeded here byMr. J. It. Dyer, who has been transferred ironi the Nashville, Tenn.,office.MORE SUITS FILED.In addition to the $53,000 in suitsfiled against Mr. R. B. Ilutchcraft, theseed and (Commission merchant ofParis, in the past week, the followingadditional suits were filed in the officeof Circuit Clerk Win. II. Webb,Wednesday: W. H. Hall, for $4,000; W.W. Mitchell, guardian of the Boswellchildren, $2,000; Ed. R. Blake, $1,000;John Blake's administrator $3,500;National Bank of Cynthiana. $5,000;W. B. Allen, $7,500, making a total of$75,000.In the Fayette Circuit Court Wednesday a suit was filed by Mr. John T.Hinton, of Paris against Mrs. Elizabeth Bishop to recover $725 alleged tobe due on a promissory note. Theplaintiff is represented by Mr. OscarT. Hinton, of this civy.TO STOCK STREAMS.fund S10,000, or more than the 20 percent, of the capital stock, as providedby statutory requirement.FORMER PARISIANSERIOUSLY ILL.Mr. C. Lem Offutt, formerly of Paris,but who has been residing on hisfarm near Newtown, in Scott County,is seriously ill of pneumonia. Being84 years of age his family is alarmedover his condition. He is. the father ofMrs. Willie Willmott, of Paris, Mrs.Allison Barlow, of Centerville, Mrs.Harry Blackburn and Miss KatherineOffutt, of Georgetown, all of whom areat his bedside. Mr. Offutt's two sons,the late Hon. Charles Offutt, a distinguished member of the Paris bar,and Speaker of the House of Representatives, and Mr. Albert Offutt, diedseveral years ago.rj Mitchell &i"m- M . . AKiaKcmorcsGENTLEMEN!The Frosty, Cold Days of WinterAre Here!And it is about time to change from Summer Underwear tothe Winter Weight. We have the biggest stock of Underwearever shown in the cijy.Union Suits and Two-PieceGarmentsIN. ALL PRICED FROM$1 to $8 Per Suit.The Duifold Health Underwear, which keeps you warmbut is not heavy and bundlesome, is acknowledged to be thebest underwear made. Perfect fitting garments for the bigman and the little man.Look at our windows and see the right kinn of Underwearo buy.Mitchell & Blakemore,IThe Store for Men's StylesParis, Kentucky&COLUMBIA THEATRE TODAY."Counterfeiters," a two-part picture,featuring Florence Lawre'nce and MattMoore. Fresh situations, lively actions and delightful acting are combined in this comedy-drama."Wnr L,ovfi of Monev." f Nestor Com-edy,) There is a jackpot of one hun- jThe- Maysville suiiem says. dred dollars for the boy who kisses"State Game Warden George Hill Victoria first. h0w Walter loses theand assistant, L,. U. snaw, oi raris,passed through the city Saturday withtwenty-two cans containing fish withwhich they will stock small streamsand ponds of Fleming, Bourbon andother counties of the State. The fishwere obtained from a fish supply station down the river."The supply of fish in this sectionhas become so depleted in the last fewyears that it was thought imperativeby the officials that the stock be renewed. "It would be a proper move at thistime to prohibit fishing in thesestreams until these hsh thrive and produce others. Fish multiply very rapidly and it would be only a short timebefore an abundance of the finny tribebe had again."pot, but wins the girl, is highly amusing. One other picture will be shown.(ady..)AGED WOMAN BREAKS HIP.and Learn Local Conditions, but notlocal Gossip and Scandals," "Work fora Better Position, but not an EasierOne," "Sincerity," "Courtesy,' "Pleasethe Customer," "Live Right to -FeelRizht " "Use your Brains More andup Your Tongue Less," "If you Don't Saywith Paris and Cynthiana, and passthem if thev can. and to make ourmeetings more productive for all, weSomething Good Keep Mum," "Don'tTattle," "Forget the unpleasant," nvou have a Grievance TaiK it to tneMrs. R. A. McAdams, aged 82 years,stumbled over a chair in her roomWednesday morning, and was thrownto the floor with such force that herhip was broken. Owing to her advanced age her injury is likely tocause her death. She is the motherof Mr. Reed McAdams, of this city,The McAdams family moved to Parisfrom the Broadwell neighborhood, inHarrison county, a few months ago.0oIotWhy Pay22c to 25c perpound forSausage whenSELL2 POUNDSOF BESTPORKSAUSAGEoI FRANKm9m99&ft0&aoQiMCtMMM4l t-& co. I";Sherlock Holmes.Sherlock Holmes was not a realcharacter, but a creation of ConanDoyle's fancy; although, of course, thenovelist's creation has had actualprototypes enough in this "wickedworld of ours."-i ii e,vrv, f tiip' following Proner Person Before you Advertisesubjects for future study, practice and it," "Above All Things ; Be Loyal,'' anddemonstration: "Respecting Organic "Substitute Indifference With Goodzation,'' "Punctuality," "Look About Red Blooded Enthusiasm.JUST WHAT YOU WANT.FOR35cOur Buyer Has Returned From His Second .Eastern Trip and We AreNow ShowingThe Newest Styles InPressesand doaks.Suits at $15 to $25cAll popular fabrics and styles represented.Dresses at $5 to $20In Serge and Satin Combination. o41so acomplete line of clfternoon and Evening,Dresses in Satins and Crepes.CoatsFor Ladies, Misses and Childrenand prices.o4.ll styles1Yoy will find just the lumber youneed to build your corn cribs, at ourplant.,. '(27-4t) -BOURBON LUMBER Co.BALDWIN BROS.IYOUR. INSPECTION CORDIALLYINVITED.-it1 FRANK & COThe Store Where RcliabilRyReigns. ;nXV1V,.V v.V4'V?urXf ,"v ,-.V'IKr -.lrr -THE BOUR30N PiEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY OCTOBER 30- 1914r I - 4 ,. -. " -V" ww -' . -The Bourbon NewsEstablished -C3l 32 Years of Con-tinoi;-usPublication.EWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Entered at the Pans, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.-Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perSuch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseHiiiis and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock in'jra.ce and source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKETFor Senator" J. C. W. BECKHAM(Long Term)f JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term)For CongressJ. CAMPBELL CANTRILL.VI-SON COMMENDS CONGRESSIn his letter to Congressman Underwood, President Wilson commendsthe work of the Democratic Congressasd confesses that without their aid5t "would have been impossible for. himxo have carried out the policies towhich the Democracy stands pledged.It -Trill be necessary for the Presidentto have a Democratic House and Senate next year to complete the workthat he has so admirably begun. Theelection of Governor Beckham andSenator Camden is, for that reason"nest important. To send a Republican to the Senate from Kentuckythis year would be a rebuke to thePresident and a blow to the party inthis State from which it would neverTecover.fered with terribleache, pains in my limbs,and my head ached nearlyall the time. Our familydoctor treated me, butonly gave me temporaryrelief. I was certainly inbad health. My schoolteacher 2dvised me toTAKElie Woman's TonicI took two bottlealways praise Csrcu: to gSiCk and suffering wo-men." lxyousunrirom ypains peculiar to weak B 1 0 !women, such as head- v -$ache, backache, or ot.:er wi&'? svlDo You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome.and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.TELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101jJH Backache Xljvyy r uI 1 iI ftI11 11 1 svmstoms of womanly vy need a tonic for that tired, 0 jvv nervous, worn-out feel- jamjar' Ifl ft ing' try C2rdui E65 fl if I. i"ATTENTION! PEOPLE! !PG1LGHRSBLOW TO HORSE BREEDERSEuropean War Seems to Make Prosfpect of American ThoroughbredGloomy."It will take years for the thoroughbred of America to get back to ithe high state of perfection it occupied ten years ago, now that the onlyhope of improving the strain has beencut off by the war in Europe," remarked J. P. Mayberry, a well knownhorseman of Sheepshead Bay, at theRaleigh, the Washington Post states."The inimical laws enacted in thevar.ious states, particularly in NewYork, in the last ten years checkedthe improvement of the breed, andthe American thoroughbred has beensteadily going backward ever since.Any one who knows anything aboutthe thoroughbred type knows that theAmerican thoroughbred of today doesnot compare with the racer of fiveyears ago. When the antiracing lawsof New York drove the sport out ofthe Empire state in 1910 many ofthe breeders of thoroughbreds thosewho had helped largely to build upthe horse in America began to dispose cf their horses. Many wereshipped abroad, and in four yearsmore than fifty per cent of the bestthoroughbred stock has gone back toEurope."Reports from the warring nationsare to the effect that the countriesthat have been foremost in improvingthe thoroughbred, England, France,Germany and Austria the seat of thewar in all probability -will commandeer most of the racers of the Europeanturf. If this be so it will remove almost the last hope the turf has torebuild the rapidly diminishing quality! of the American thoroughbred.The horses that are parading aroundthe race tracks of this country aremere ghosts of what we had fiveyears ago. There is not a real goodhorse on the American turf at thistime, whereas a dozen years ago therewere scores."NOTHING NEW IN JOKE LINEFoolish Is the Humorist Who WouldInsist That This "Has NeverBeen Sprung Before."A reader of the Docket in New Yorkcity cut out the item relating to thedisolution of partnership, in whichone partner makes the statement that"those who owe the firm will settlewith him. and those that the firm oweswill settle with Mose," and sends itback to us with this notation: "Thiswas an old chestnut when I lived in, which was in 1855."To this charge we enter a plea ofconfession and avoidance. We contend that the courts will take judicialnotice of the fact that there Is nothingnew under the sun, and in our judgment the jokesmith is' well withinhis rights in resurrecting awhich was old in 1855.joke jThe incident brings to mind the following story "The editor of a Minnesota newspaper back in the '80s con-;cocted Ihe following: 'Yon Yonson putfour sticks of dynamite in the stove jlast Sunday to thaw them out. The !handles were nickel plated and only Jcost $10.' " A professor of Englishliterature in an eastern universitywrote a very interesting article onthis joke, claiming that it representeda distinctly American brand of humor,and that it could not have happenedin any other country or at any othertime.But alas for the professor of English literature for there is nothingnew under the sun. Reference to IIChronicles. Chapter 16, Verses 12 and .13, produces the following: i12. And Asa in the thirty andni-ntii ov of Me ; .Qe ,70us " 4- !!in his feet, until his disease was ex -ceedmgly great; yet in his diseasehe sought not to the Lord, but to thephysicians.13. And Asa slept with his fathers,--West's Docket.Would Handle Wheat in Bulk.Australian wheat, at the present jtime, is transported in hags, a systemwhich involves not only a considerable jcost, but is also uneconomical in the Iuse of lab-r. In consequence, the gov- jernments of Xew South Wales and Vic-1toria are considering proposals for Jhandling it in hulk, based upon the re-ports of engineers, who made inquiries ,as to this method in Canada, the Uni-ted States and South Africa. The ex-!perts also say that the change would iresult in - large extension of the Jgrowing areas. It is understood, how- iever, that the steamship lines, whichhave been approached on the subject,are not agreed that under existing cir- icuinstances the shipment of grain inbulk is practicable, though it is believed that if adequate supplies wereguaranteed the necessary space wouldhe readily forthcoming.Rum Barrel Proves Bomb.Warren Rhoads, farmer of Jackson-wald, Pa., says hereafter he will care -fully examine would-be empty whiskybarrels before he tries to alter thebungholes. He hastily came to thisconclusion after one exploded whenhe attempted to enlarge the bungholewith a red-hot poker. As a result ofthe explosion most of his hair was, . - . , . .burned off and many cuts and Aruiseswere inflicted by the barrel staves asthey flew skyward. Investigationproved that the barrel had been re-cently emptied, was still wet, and thered-hot iron formed so much gas inthe inside that it burst open with acrash.It took several yards o court plasteri il rpmndpl T?Vnnr3corTra on ln.o ftla; face in good shape.vSAYSSULPHUR DRIVESECZEMA FROM THE SKINUse Like Cold Cream to InstantlyStop Itching and Clear the SkinSulphur, says a renowned dermatologist, just common bold sulphurmade into a thick cream, will sootheand heal the skin when irritated andbriken out with eczema or any formor eruption. ne moment it is ap-jpiieaaii itching ceases, ana alter twoor three applications the. eczema disappears, leaving the skin clear andsmooth.He tells eczema sufferers to getfrom any good pharmacy an ounceof bold sulphur and apply it to theirritated parts tne same as youiwould any cold cream.For many years common bold sulphur has occupied a secure positionin the practice of dermatology andcutaneous affections by reason of itsparaslte-flestroying property. It isnot only parasiticidal, but also antipruritic, antiseptic, and remarkablyhealing in all irritable and inflammatory conlitions of the skin. Whilenot always effecting a permanentcure, it never fails t instantly sublue the angry itching and irritation,and heal the ecema right up, and itis often years later before any eruption again apears on the skin.(adv)Killing Off the Race.From the Christian era till the present time, as statisticians and historianstell us, there have been less than twohundred and forty warless years. Upto the middle of the nineteenth centuryit was roughly computed that nearlyseven billion men had died in battlesince the beginning of recorded history, a number equal to almost fivetimes the present estimated population of the globe. Christian Herald.TONED UP WHOLE SYSTEM."Chamberlain's Tablets have donemore for me than I ever dared hopefor ," writes Mrs. Esther Mae Baker,Spencerport, N. Y. "I used severalbottles of these tablets a few monthsago. They not only cured me ofbilious attacks, sick headaches andthat tired out feeling, but toned upmy whole system." For sale by alldealers.(oct-adv)Thief Was Too Fat.An amusing feature of a theft case,which was recently tried at Aberdeen,was that in his attempt to break intothe cellar of the station refreshmentrooms, accused stuck in a window. Hecould neither get in nor out, and itwas in this fix that he was caught.WHY NOT PUBLISH IT?When you want a fact to becomegenerally known, the right way is topublish it. Mrs. Joseph Kalians,Peru, Ind., was troubled with belching, sour stomach and frequent headaches. She writes: VI feel it myduty to tell others what Chamberlain's Tablets have done for me.They have helped my digestion andregulated my bowels. Since usingthem I have been entirely well."For sale by all dealers.(oct-adv)Old People in Law Suit.The entire uicinrial court of Saragossa, Spain, tra:..-'t i rod itbel: for aweek to the village of Ateca to hear atrivial case of lraud because of the remarkable age of the persons concernedin it. All of the 11 defendants werebetween eighty-five and ninety-fiveyears old, and 14 of the 22 witnesseswere over ninety. One of the witnesses was one .hundred and one yearsold.IT ALWAYS DOES THE VORK.. ,, I like Chamberlains Cough Rem-edy better than any other," writes j, R; E Roberts Homer Citv Pa.( have taken it of and on for years (j and it has never failed to give the I; desired effect." For sale by all deal-ers.(oct-adv)ITfTFSTFff Os73T! TimmurMMibecause the 'entire systembecomes permeated withinjurious acids.To relieve rheumatism ScoffsEmulsion is a double help; it isrich in blood-food; it impartsstrength to the functions and supplies the very oil-food that rheumatic conditions always need.Scott's Emulsion hashelped countless thousandswhen other remedies failed.No AIcoImL Refase Sabstitates. 7H-48m.x.v.'izii,,jjRound trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily from Oct. 1st, 1914, toI April 30 1915' to a11 Principal touristpoin. in -bama, Florida, Georgia,i Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico,TeXas and Havana" Cuba, with finalj return limit May 31 1915 witll verylibeval stop-over privileges. Also lowround-trip Home-Seekers tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, Louisianaand Mississippi, on sale first and thirdTuesdays of. each month, with final, return limit vfteen days from date ofSale. For further information, call onor;address,J. K. SMITH, T. A.,v orr N W. H. HARRIS, Agt. ,"i rCause of the Trouble."Didn't marry her, eh? I supposeyou were afraid you could not support her in the style to which she hadbecome accustomed?" "Oh, no, I wasnot at all afraid of that." "Then whydidn't " "It was she that was afraidI could not." Houston Post.TREES!0frui and Shade Trees, Shrubs,Grape Vines, Rhubarb, Asparagus, Peonies, Phlox,Roses, Etc i .Everything for Orchard, Lawnand Garden.No Agents. Free Catalogs.H. F. HILLENMEYER5Lexington, Kentucky.20oclmCurtis SOverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.Sew Barber ShopCorner Fourth and MainModern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Oftfce 514 Main Street.IE.T 136.Office Phonesnme 13(5.Residence j fjS.DR. A. o KJUL.JLWK,PRACTICING-PirYSICIAN,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gPants - - - Keutuckj, S. Walllnglord, fil D.office on Sixth Street,l)etveen Main and High,Phoiie&ol PA RE'S, XYT J. WIIiIilAJVlS,j O ATTORNEY-AT-LAW; Office, Basement of Court House.I Bank Row Entrance.PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.LVe. Court House.7:10 a m7.45 a mS.15 a m8.45 a m9.15 a m9.45 a m t10.15 a m10.45 a m11.15 a m11.45 a m12:05 p m '.12.45 p m1.15 p m1.45 p m2.15 p m2.45 p m3.15 p m3.45 p m ;4.15 p m5.15 p m5.40 p m6.05 j m6.30 p mCity Limits Only.Lve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m6.40 p mKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave Lexington Leave ParitFor Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m' 5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m6.uo a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 .p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p'm7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 pm"Daily- except Sunday,.10:05 p mllrfnailfUrtiiiNever Varp,Crack,Rot;Curl or Burn-;.ure-jffooa .onjngiesimKYwaThey can be laid right over an old wood-shingle roof without dirt or bother, and they make it stormproof and fireproof.5 They're inexpensive. For particulars addressBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.VBourbonWWDWIS &vW Telephone No. 4.BourbonParis''-rDiyi rvlflviIs Your Coal Bin Full?Our Coal will give the best results inyour heating stove and furnace, aswell as in your cooking stove.The Coal we sell burns better, givesmore heat and lasts longer than anyany other Coal. Give us a trial order.Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St. Both Phones 140.S&3&c3f&5Sg&n$$k2g2GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DJRECI0B AND LICENSED EMBAUEE.BOTH'PHONES-BA 137; NIGHT 299.I CS30E2ZSS3 aB3KSSGLre TTTTTirnHMMTiParts Odorless Cleaning Co. tLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw- Hats Cleaned andReblockedto your satisfaction.Wc Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.1Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.Aerated Milk.Why will you pay five cents formilk when you can get the bestmilk in the market for four cents?Phone us at the Woodlawn Dairy.Home Phone 79; E. T. Phone 540."" R. P. COLLIER,Woodlawn DairV.(octl3-tf) Phones,. Home 79; E. T. 540.ytfjLaundryFUNK, Props. .West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in the9laundry line. -3?hat is whay ;fmade ihe Bourbon Lanndrt wfamous fo fine work and it f jdever goes bnck on its repu- :Ktation. If you are particular S$jaDouc now your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.Laundry,Kentucky.WSSSEsesfifteen mmnlpi time.Jfriee GOc. JLt Jill Jruggxsts.Free Kuapla and circnUr sen: on mneiUBOURBON REMEDY COUPANT,: Mam St., Lexlngwi, KjirstffersgJS&Stau &i&a'QQickly relieves Rheumatism, Sore Mns-E,Sk clea, Neuralgia, .Backache, Headache asa -m an pains. 1 our money pacK u is iaiw w ?im li6va aaT acho in any uart of the bou j.m. 342 Easta'A1 .--$ytl,ix)44 ," -I .v-- Vit?.-, "..., Iy--,y.THE ; BOUkfiON NEWS PARIS, KY., OCTOBER 30, 1914 - . . "l . ,,V, ",- ,TRUMPET GALLTO DEMOCRACYSenator Camden In Ringing Words, Tells of HisParty's Services"WOODROW WILSON, DEMOCRACY AND KENTUCKY"Senator Camden's Statement of theGreat Services Rendered to thePeople By Woodrow Wilson and HisAdministration Was Strongly and'mpressively Told.Versailles, Ky., Oct. 26. SenatorJohnson X. Camdn addressed hishome people here this afternoon. Hisstatement of the great services rendered to the people by Woodrow Wilson and his administration was veryt-irongly and impressively told as abusiness men would tell it withoutlulls or furbelows. His speech in fullwas as follows:My friends I have been complimented and honored with a seat in IheUnited States Senate as one of theRepresentatives from Kentucky. Iwould be an ingrate did I not embraceILis, my first opportunity, to extendc you, and through you, to the Democracy of Kentucky, m' profoundand heartrelt thanks for the magnificent vote and endorsement given tome at the primary election last Au1 jst. I was prevented from prosecuting a canvass of the state in the interest of my candidacy, and frommeeting you face to face, by reason ofthe measures of importance pendingin Congress demanding my presence(here as your representative, in dis- jcharge of the trust committed by youto my hands, and yet you gave mesuch a splendid majority and endorseSENATOR JOHNSON N. CAMDENinent, that I am unable to find wordswith which to express to you my obligation and my thanks.I have earnestly endeavored duringmy short term of office to representKentucky in conjunction with mydistinguished colleague, Hon. Ollie M.James in her varied interests to theery best of my ability by being faithiully at the post of duty, and by casting my vote for those measures whichI coLceived to be best for the interests'J the country; believing that in thisv. ay I could best demonstrate my appieciation ofyour confidence and mykjalty to your interests.An Appreciated Honor.I is an honor to represent any statein iuc .reutrxiii ociiaic, iu pai tiuijJrtit;xu me lraming oi legislation :n iue-nterests of the great American people, but eto lepresentsfo rf T -- T.-t o r-lYi- cry yXn 5 tilute ui ivcutucnv. r-iuLc is- nuu juv: ., ' ,; -i.:i rcan not claim the honor of being ai-athe of Kentucky, I do claim to-new a good thing when I see it, and I1 came here soon after attaining my (Majority, as scon as I was authorizedto act for myself. You will observeibat to me being a Kentuckian is a, .w -, t i-t -i .v.; -,,.v.;ispec.al. is it a mn nonoi . - j liehipn the taxes uno'n imnprative need on the vArt nf tIip. I Iv nothine showed the nmnhefic villi i-at UUUy llie gifci... i cifTir?o-irv nnri !nr-rpaRp thprn i Qtfjfo jirwT TTpflprnl ?nvnrnmcnt tn re. simi. fhp lmewpwivip nnri iinp.nnrmpr-,uta s. -eit-lJO" fuu C, njiV;rT iho prpPpc?t bpTipfitR to Pnn,pcu natives really deserve no credit, ce:ved the greatest benents, to comes jou liad no say so whatever, butL LrJ J?! A.v"vJ:were jubt born here, and couldn't helpcm selves. . from the shoulders of the poor. In-I heard of some objections to my j stead of requiring every man whoi-andidacy because I was not a native buys a suit of clothes, a pair of shoes,Kentuckian, but to my mind a state 'a hat, or any other necessity of life,vhich ,has furnished to the other j to contribute a large per cent of theMates of the Union 10 of their gov- price paid to support the government,trnors and which has at the present , and incidentally enrich the manufac'irae four native Kentuckians in the ' turer, as he has done under a proPrited States Senate, representing tective tariff so long, it says to a mant ther states, and claims as her sonsihe Speaker and Leader of the Lowert n. nnt to wv eratitude. for the smallPart jou permitted me to play in help-ing to bring about the 'election of themost notably constructive Coagressij, r n i...u -u .,, imooi.co von nrp rpppivnip more,U! U1 vui. Tu. r"r:":::r:";'-" retail and sells hi finished product ailus enougn not to raise ner voice ci me uciicm., j ,., .,.. . ., - i-o..:. fa . ., .i8rf r iCq fnriunntp t.rnth. wholesale. It is, in my judgment. . landsu vuv u v. uc na c u. o ut -crn,-. f o ? v-TTi inded man I as'c both an opportunity and a duty of notes bacoma, who expects to live and die rs. What lan-minaea man, i as.v ,,. ; ., , , . . wi,wc., ,...,. J. ,.. . ,, .-u st w;ii?nr tn livp nnri ipf Hvp every farmer m the land to cast, his ducts.'u ue uuneu iieic sui ei turn siiu u;u ;-uu, rmw - - - o -- -- - --- - -- : A .-. -r crnnnmnr.ft mt.i -l.t '-ufficient nroof of his adontion and be he rich or poor, consistently ob- vote u euuuie aim subuun uie uemo- j-". aimuie ior me promot .unicient prooi ct ms adoption and oe ne & j cratic administration in its great con-. tion of agriculture. Not the least help-' My friends I wish to say that in " The calamity howlers, with axes to tractive and benef.cent program of(ful of the many administration meas-' cV Sartl S tte Slite oL qrind! hive criticised this tariff bill, legislation, of which he is one of the ures, was the Government aid to thean of Woodrow wLon's CamnSgn rid called it a failure, yet, although chief beneficiaries. , crop movement at a critical time. Thenot Nooaroj JNUBons campaign, -na ca e .,' ., n Yp i must mention auotiier great boon Secretary of the Treasury placed $50,-id.e a Atjeiiiiii ol uiuluuuu taLiSjiat:- jl uho ic r r-this country has known. It alsoseems to me that it must be a sourceof pride and satisfaction to everyDemocrat who takes the stump thisfall that he can dwell exclusively uponthe remedial and beneficial legislationenacted, by this administration, instead of, as in years gone by, wagingonly a campaign of opposition upon ithe short-comings of the Republicans.Aiding the Whole People.Never before in our history has anypolitical party undertaken to extendthe aid and protection of the government to the people in their struggles,as has the present Democratic administration. It has been a revelation tothe thinking people, to find after living under Republican misrule for sucha length of time, that this really is, asour great Kentuckian hoped for, "Agovernment of the people, by the people and for the people," when properlyand honestly administered. It is arevelation to the business man, to thelaborer, to the farmer, and in fact toall classes of citizens. Being myselfa farmer, and consequently eseciallyfamiliar with liis environments, hisneeds and his ambitions, I want tosay that I have been delighted to findso many wise measures in his interestenacted by the Democratic administration. I wish to call your attentionto a few of the most conspicuouslyhelpful laws passed by this administration in behalf of the people.Tariff Revised Downward.If the present administration wereentitled to credit for no other legislation than the Underwood Tariff Act,in my judgment, that alone would besufficient to commend it to the affection and admiration of the Americanpeople. Unlike its predecessors, thistariff bill was drawn in the interests jof the whole people, and not for a par-ticular class.After many years of patient waiting we have at last, under Demociaticadministration, and as one ot its firstacts, a tariff "bill that actually revisesthe tariff downward, and in manycases removes it entirely from thenecessaries of life. The Payne-Al-drichTariff Bill, which was so highlycommended by President Taft in hiscelebrated Winona speech, wasenough to damn any party, and diddefeat and damn the Republican party for ever. No party of whateverdenomination can retain the respectand support of a free people, thatshows its utter disregard of theirrights by promising relief before theelection and yet contrives to legislate in the interests of the classes andj against the masses when placed inl power. This is the history of the Tie-publican party, under the selfish leaders who possessed themselves of thatj once historic party, conclusively dej menstrates. A party may fool thej people for awhile, but a day of reck-pning is sure to come.Republican Commendation.The commendation and support ofI this tarilt bill by a number ot the ableI and conscientious Republicans andJ Progressive members of both Housesj speaks volumes in. its behalf, becausej strenuous efforts were made by theleaders and whips of these parties toI line up their men and present a solidfront in opposition to the bill. Senator Poindexter, an able Progressive,referring to his vote for the measure,j very pointedly said on the floor of theSenate:"Many of those who ostensibly have ibeen especially grieved over my votefor this bill and who claim to be greatly exercised as to the evil consequences which will follow its enactmentare, as a matter of fact, really but little interested in the tariff schedules ofthe bill. That feature of the bill whichreally arouses their bitter hostility,although they are curiously silentupon it, is not the tariff at all, butthe income tax."As a rule those who are in favorof prohibitory or excessive tariff ratesare opposed to a properly graded income tax. Some of this class havebeen compelled by force of publicopinion to favor an income tax, butfin reality oppose it under the guise of: opposition to the tariff reductions ini the pending bill.This bill, so far asit modifies the existing law, shifts to,extent the burden of taxationI from the poor consumer to the richi jj.."Pon superfluityThis has been thepolicy and theory of every wise sys-tern of taxation in the most enlight-ened civilization."The Income Tax.To rnv mind one of the strongestfeatures of the LI is the Income Tax. fVinco trhn "TP nnlPKt nTn nnvp rp.' Jo the support of the government, andI L ,w nt rpmnv th0 Wrtpn1 to that extent removes the burdenwith an income in excess of $3,000,vou are better able to bear this bur-there has been raised more revenueunder it than by the Payne-Aldnchi bill for the previous year, or m fact,for- any year in the last ten. ,..;1 -..of-r-"ii.r. r? rrrrnf lnnnmoc Tc? an A ' tunnfirn o C5 iTnVlon llfi Tlmr-i-i i r. r 1-1 . r?1H"TV.i Orl I'LVi'col t - l'l i"? o 5 ! frrvt t in.1 JUt. -. fcJUiiiV.WWJ . -MW. VV . Wl-M-VV "" "- WW- CW ' " . - V tV . - , m...- ..M ..,- ....-2 .M l..w-.. V.nPT WOOd Tariff Bill I u jjchi uucut jl ngi:v:uiiuie LU ; ., num incmj ojjjai cuu.v uiiiciaieu1 .l -1ir !?.11 rtm4' if n4 ?. 4A-V CmirIQC - Will 1"fcTTT ! Vint.rt, because it requires i ma"c l"13 u"1 cliUil" LU foCt J" LUUV-1 , . ,,, "" ""' u ia U4icWhen normal conditions are restoredand the countries now" engagedin destruction, change to production, withthe rehabilitation of business and aresultant increase in imports, the Underwood Tariff Bill will abundantlyestablish the wisdom of Democraticstatesmanship.Let me call your attention especiallyto what the government has done indirect aid of the farmer:Government Aid in Eradicating HogCholera.A very careful government estimatemade no later than 1913 revealed thefact that six million hogs, valued at$65,000,000, died of hog cholera in theUnited States that year. As this is apreventable disease, it means thatover 700,000,000 pounds of dressedmeat and lard, or enough to furnishevery family in the land with about35 pounds of meat has been needlessly lost. This has been allowed to goon unnoticed for fifty years. It remained for this Democratic Congressto take positive and efficient steps tochecks the awful waste caused by thisscourge. So, in February of this yeara bill was passed settling aside $500,000 for a nation-wide application ofserum to eradicate a disease that notonly costs the farmers many mil-'lions annually, but also gives the people a greatly extended meat supply.This certainly brings government aiddirectly to the farmer and lends ahelping hand where most needed.The Smith-Lever Agricultural Extension Act.The Smith-Lever Agricultural Extension Act is the most far-reachingand progressive measure ever enactedfor the farmer. It takes the StateAgricultural College, the State Experiment Station and the Federal Depart-,ment of Agriculture direct to thefarmer, the farmer's wife and into thefarm home. It is the first Congressional act that consideis the tanner'swives and daughters by providingfunds for teaching home economics.This administration was the first oneto grasp the tremendous truth that ifall of the knowledge applicable andhelpful to farming that has been worked out seperately by the experimentalstations, and by individual farmersupon the farm, and by the scientists inthe United States Department of Agriculture could be gathered togetherand correlated and sent out to thefarmer not in written bulletinswhich they would not read but bypersonal appeal and demonstration,that agriculture would be readjusted,that country life would have an at- itraction, a dignity and potential influ- Jence never enjoyed before. This actmakes liberal appropriation for farmextension work. There is immediately available $10,000 for each StateAgricultural College and by graduallyincreasing sums the new law appropriates $4,580,000 annually from theFederal treasury, conditioned uponthe individual states providing an almost equal sum. This will make available after the year 1922 nearly $10,000,000. In the first nine years of thelaw's application, the Federal government will have given the lorty-eightj states more than $2.,000,000, and thestates themselves will have given imore than $18,000,000. Thus in thenine year period now beginning, agrand total of nearly $42,000,000 willgo into agricultural extension work.The co-operative feature ot the bill,j the states and Federal governmentworking in close harmony, is a veryvaluable step i or ward. Efficiency isguaranteed for the wise expenditureof this enormous sum by providingthat the work shall be carried on insuch 'a manner vas shall be mutuallyagreed upon by the Secretary of Agriculture and the State Colleges.If explanation, or excuse, is neededfor the outlay of such enormous sums,I would say that it is high time thatsuch steps are being taken, if we areto obviate cne'of the'greatest dangersthat threaten our national existence.I refer to the deserted farm home, aconstantly increasing tendency towards a system of farming by absenteeism, the giowth of tenantcy andthe alarming drift of rural populationtowards the towns and cities. It isi safe to assume that not more than 3G ,, per cent of our population live uponi the farmsThis tendency will cease, only when farm life becomes a.s at -' shape rural methods and ideals. Wej must have better farming, better liv-j ing, better and more education, whichi means better and more prosperous cit -I izenship in rural communities. It re -' W1 a Democratic administrationto assist and improve his domestic con-y.M.mn-irtu.r,Kr- - ,- .-! in i nu iiiii ih i i i - iii i hi- i t-i ii tiT- qtiii mi rin.Mir. t-uiimit'v. iiisihhit hi i;i v ii", " HI .- w--- ...-w w-. . .A 4.J I -- w -w-- , ...H,.u. w .. , d". "ri.f """""6 "c "l iliC7i "M": " "" "c uxfarmer, his wife and family, easier and the remotest parts of our country, andpleasanter, his work more profitable ' be available for the legitimate busian attractive an actual sympathetic, j ness needs of every section of ourhelpful interest of the goernment in J vast domain. It is'safe to say that thisfarm life. Is it not enooui aging to the! country will never again experiencefarmer to feel that there is a party in J the appalling, and in many instances,power which sympathizes with agricul- ruinous effects of a nation-wide panic,tural pursuits, and is devoting its best with its desolation and paralysis toefforts and energy towaids the intel-' the business interests of the pation.lectual advancement of that great in- In addition to this unspeakable bless' dustry; so that it can no longer bem or ine imer mat ne is a "manu -racturer wno ouys ms raw material atto the farmer that this administrationhas practically worked ""out and thatwill be passed into law at the comingskort session, qf Congress, which, opensin December, aria! that is'a Rural CreditffvstP.TTl W'hoT.nVnr fho formon rtQ-n Vim- trow money 'on his land at 5 per cent,and for a period of time running fromfive to thirty-five years. The amortization scientifically worked out tomeet the needs of the borrowers.Farm Marketing.This administration has establisheda Bureau of Marketing and placed thestudy of distribution, of buying andselling in the hands of experts, so thatthe farm products may be standardized and prepared, transported and distributed to the consumer at the lowestpossible cost and waste, thus substituting up-to-date business-like methodsfor the slip-shod, wasteful plan so longpursued as heretofore.Parcel Post.The Parcel Post System has beenextended so as to directly aid thefar farmer in shipping his produce tothe city consumer, thus extending andcreating new markets and making direct connections between producer andconsumer, and not only increasing thefarmer's profits, but also decreasingthe cost of living.What Has Been Done for Labor by theDemocratic Administration.In July, 1913, the President procuredthe enactment of the Industrial Employes' Arbitration Act. The possibilities for good of this- wise piece ofDemocratic legislation are incalculable. It will soften and mollify the asperities heretofore existing betweenCapital and Labor, employer and employe. Each interest is assured of afree and fair hearing of its grievances,and their disputes are submitted toand considered by wise and sympathetic arbitrators eagerly anxious toadjust all differences in a spirit ol justice, toleration, and fair play. Alreadynumerous, far-reaching issues betweenCapital and Labor have been settled,notably the adjustment of the pendingi strike between the railways and theiremployes in the Middle West, which, itnot amicably arranged, would havemeant civil war, thereby ' abundantlydemonstrating the efficiency and wisdom of this measure. Many other industrial disputes which would havequickly assumed the proportions ofindustrial wars between employer andemploye have been satisfactorily settled, and millions saved to the contending parties, and all of the inconveniences to the general public incident to such conditions averted.The Eight Hour Bill.The Eight Hour Bill extends the op-erations of the eight hour law both towork done for and by the government,thus putting the stamp of Federal ap-iproval upon a working day of eighthours' length.The Clayton Bill.The Clayton Bill treats, among otherthings, the relation of labor organizations to the anti-trust laws, and correcting the same so that labor can nolonger be considered a commodity orproperty, and the regulation of the is-i suance of injunctions, and guaranteeing of the right of trial by jury for alleged contempts committed out of thepiesence of the court. vThe Department of Labor Bill.This Democratic administration officially timber leeognized the dignityand imi.ortonce ot labor by ci eatingthe Department of Labor, with a Secretary who is a member of the President's Cabinet, thus dignifying laborand furnishing an oppoi tunity ot protection and advancement by having arepresentative in vclose touch with thePresident.In addition to these few prominentmeasures, which I have mentioned,there aie numerous otheis which thisadministration has enacted into lawhaving tor their purpose the protection' ot labor, demonstrating conclusively that the Democratic party isthe Iriend of labor and that its platform declarations on this subject werenot mere "vote catchers," but sincereconvictions promptly adopted, as soonas it came into power, and the aid andrelief so long denied by the Republican party cheerfully accorded to thegreat masses of laboring people.The Federal Reserve Act.The law known as the Federal Re-j serve BankinAct stands out as pos-sibly of more vital importance to the, country than even the rasage of the"ible courage ot our great Presidentmore than the passage of this trulymarvelous piece of legislation. It is1 perhaps best that the country shouldj never know the almost insuperable' difficulties placed in the way of thisthe wealth of the nation congested in-i eonnnn t ni v, ,,i "ing to the country at large, this act1 i especially neipiui to agriculture.me nrst time, national $anks arepermitted to make loans on farmand to rediscount the farmers'sed on staple agricultural proThis Democratic act placesl 000,000 of Government funds in thebanks of the country where mostneeded for crop moving and marketingpurposes. Previously., this money wasIdle in the Treasury as a -reserve fundor deposited in the big banks, but itis now loaued to the farmer upon reasonable rates upon good agriculturalsecurities.The Anli-Trust Measure.The Trades Commission and Claytonbills recently enacted supplement andelucidate the Sherman Anti-Trust Lawand compel fair play and fair competition by both big and little businessand place a ban on private monopoly.The Issues Stated.The electorate of Kentucky will becalled upon at the ensuing Novemberelection to select two United StatesSenators, and a Representative in Congress from each of the eleven Congressional Districts in the State. Theall important question and paramountissue is not so much the personnel ofthe candidates for these offices, as itis whether the people will give Woodrow Wilson and the Democratic Administration the encouragement oftheir endorsement by electing Democrats to assist and uphold the handsof the President in further carrying.out his great program of constructivelegislation so propitiously inaugurated,in behalf of the American People; orwhether they will rebuke him by electing the Republican or Bull Moose candidates to criticise, to .thwart, and tocondemn, if possible, every Democraticmeasure, and thus turn back the handsof progress.The Importance of Governor Beckham's Election.And in this connection, I want tosay that relatively the election of Governor Beckham is vastly more important to Kentucky and to the Democratic Party, than my own. If electedray term can only be until March. 1,1915, while Governor Beckham's is forsix years. He and Senator James willcontinue throughout the term of. thePresident, and with the able and patriotic Democratic delegation repre-;seuting Kentucky in the House oiRepresentatives (and I want to sayto you here that they are the equalof any delegation representing anystate of the Union) will assist in carrying to completion "the program ofconstructive legislation, as mapped outby our qvu President, embracing manymore wise measures. In order to insure their passage he must needs havea safe working majority in bothHouses of Congress.Shall President Wilson Be Indorsed.This is not the time for partydifferences and dissentions. Theremust be a closing up of all the ranksall alo.ig the line and a solid frontpresented to the common enemy.Democracy, now in the ascendancy,must not be retarded in its onwardmarch to complete victory. The is-sues in this camnaisn are simnle andclear cut. Shall Woodrow Wilson, of Iire-one of the cleanest, ablest and most hen exhausted physically andhumanelv constructive Presidents that Socially with war, she will lock; toeven filled the office, be endorsed or us for counsel and help in establishing:condemned? Now that the people, the j peace We wiU also inevitably reapplain people, have at last come into,the fn,ils of our sreat and sane and:their own, and have torn from the I Peaceful policy All that is lost to Eugreedv srasp of monopolies and trusts rope by lhis Ilclocast of war will bethe loins of government, will vou vote,to hand them back again? Are you'willing to consign to their care andkeening this government, so thattheir reactions y trust-fostering, andtiust-enriching policies shall be perpetuated, ana the interests of the people ignored as they have been so longunder Rciub'.ican misrule.Aie ou willing to undo, or to be instrumental in undoing what the peoplehave i,o long waited for and voted foraii-1 prayed lor, an administrationhonest enough, wise enough, andstrong enough to aid and protect thehumblest citizen in his struggle forlife, liberty and happiness? An administration that is not dominated andcontrolled by the trusts?You haven't the time to listen to, j But the store hair she buys neverif I h'id the time to tell you in detail J matches the few strands she has omof, all the wise legislation whHm your her head. NBell TelephoneBulletinsif IP n38 PRECAUTIONSDespite the time, money andenergy Ave spend in our constantefforts to give efficient telephoneservice troubles are liable to occurand do occur. Whether the trouble is with the operating, with theinstrument or with the accountingdepartment we want prompt reports. Oftentimes subscribers donot report troubles to us but tellall their neighbors and friends andgive the impression that our wholesystem is improperly conducted.This is unfair to us and unfair tothe subscriber.We take every, precaution toprevent troubles and we are anxious to correct those that do occur.Our whole success depends uponthe quality of our service. It isall we have for sale. If the operCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYINCORPORATEDs i:great President, "With the aW " &Z atDemocratic Congress, hag been imstru- vmental in placing upon the stamtehooks in your behalf. These Deiapcratic measures, carrying out thedefclarations of the Democratic platformhave been so fair and honest and wise-,and fraught with such incalculablebenefit and protection to th,e people ofthe nation as a whole, that the Re- 4publican Party has been disappointed,,dazed and amazed. The strenuous ancfrantic efforts which the representfives of that party have put forth ia:attempting to secure some excuse tcroff er to the people to vote' for them, ispositively amusing, not to say Ui&lprous. They first began their old, o!d!story, which they have sung so long;of commercial depression, predictinga paralysis of business, bankruptcyand ruin. Notwithstanding tnese calamity nowlers, business moved alongserenely, and no cloud presaging atpanic was seen on the horizon, though;they prayed long and loud for thatconsummation so devoutly wished forby them. 'Watchful Waiting.Then they criticised and ridicuCafthe President's policy of. "watca'urwaiting," saying that he was makin'rthe American nation ridiculous aneTthe laughing stock of the world; thathe was dreamer, an idealist, a mereschool teacher. The jingoes blew theirhorns and beat their drums, and sounded the tom-toms, and cried out for amore vigorous and aggressive foreignpolicy; the Republican press joined inthe hue and cry, until many vealcsouls quailed, but not so with the greatDemocratic Christian statesman in thffWhite House, Woodrow Wilson. Serenely he pursued the even tenor ofhis ways, amid the pitiless storm ofcriticism and abuse, with a firm handon the helm of the ship of state. If hehad wavered in his own view oi theduty of a strong and powerful nation-towards a weak and dVracted one, we-wouid be engaged In a bloody ccsSict,the end of which could not be saeniwith both continents plunged in warMy friends, for a moment dwell upocthis thought we would have los: thwonderful opportunity to demonstrateto the world the blessings of a truedemocratic government, administeredfor the good of humanity. Don't yoi:know that we owe it to President Wil-son that we are permitted now to havethe inspiring vision of this great cutmtry towering sublimely above the1 clouds of w ar that encompass despairing nations and that the standard oildemocratic civilization has been placed:upon high and unassailable ground v.We being the only first-class cLvilizednation without entanglements thatsmay lead to war, have a most impori-l tant mission to fulfill. Europe lcoks,-to us now for food and the necessaries---- " -k-.5 us Uiuviu! in finance, industry and commerceThis country owes our President adeep debt of gratitude for the calmly,tor?efu. fied way he has.maintained the time-honored Jeffer-sonian rule "Peace, commerce andlicnest friendship with all natiens, entangling alliances with none.As I conclude, with the" expression ofmy thanks for your patience, let mesuggest to you a watchword for oursontest: Woodrow Wilson, Democracy'End Kentucky.The reason why a woman can always remember her wedding day isbecause, as a rule, it was the lasttime she got to ride in a hack.woman can match anvthine else.AGAINST TROUBLEator appears to you to be at fault,or if your instrument does notseem to work properly we want tcknow about it immediately. Wecan. explain how certain defects-,occur, Jbut we have no excuse for,poor operating. It is our worstenemy and you can help yourself'if you will make prompt report indetail. V ,Sometimes annoying incidents'occur for which we are not tool ame. Our subscribers are reasonable people and we are sureeach of them will be glad to helpus, in this small way, to give goodltelephone service.Call the office and make prompt-reports when ycu have difficulties,with your service. -.v, 3t -(p. ryv..o -.--- c.?fl'v2..THE BOURBON NEWSP&US KENTUCKY; PROBER 30I9iv 1'?sKiThe Bourbon Newsestablished iS81 32 Years of Continou'wus Publication.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Eatered atunless the voters vho commend liimgo to the polls and vote for the Democratic candidates in the Senate andin the House who will continue tovote with the President. This is nota one-man government, althoughWoodrow Wilson has - the ability torun t single-handed. He must haveDemocratic majorities in both of thethe Pans, Kentucky, tt " , ", " i, ....Poetoffice as Mail Mn.ttr nf ft.iV""9 ..B"""- ' "" ji uu-Second Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridaySUPPORT THE DEMOCRATICNOMINEESThe Democratic Campaign in thistatte is drawing to a close. It has"been, a short and vigorous contest. TheCampaign Committee under the skillful direction of Mr. Thos. S. Rhea hasmade one of the most effective organizations ever brought together in Kentucky. With a Campaign Chairman inevery county and a ive, active Committee in every precinct, nothing lias beenleft undone to interest the individualdemocratic voter. The result is thatthe united Democracy' will -go to thepolls on November 3rd. to cast theirvotes for Governor Beckham and Senator Camden for the senate and for J.Campbell Cantrill democratic nomineefor Congress in this district. In thisfinal week of the Campaign every Democratic leader in the state is on theEtump urging the voters to roll up anold time democratic majority for thewhole ticket. Senator James has returned from Washington and the democratic nominees for Congress are giving an account of their stewardship intheir respective districts.While there is every assurance ofan easy victory the Democratic Campaign Committee is leaving nothingto chance and is working just as hardas if the Republicans had a strongcandidate and a thorough organization. The only fear is that Democratic voters may regard the race asalready won and stay away from thepolls. Chairman Rhea of the Campaign Committee urges every democratic voter to go to he polls earlyand take his neighbor with him andcast his vote for the straight ticket.The personal interest that PresidentWilson has shown in the election ofDemocratic Senators and Congressmen from this state has brought tothe Democratic voters a realizing senseof the importance of this contest. Heis looking to Kentucky to give him apractically sold delegation in Congressto aid him in the settlement of thegreat problems that confront the administration. One stamp under theTooster will cast a vote for GovernorBeckham and Senator Camden andyur democratic nominee for Congress.Cast it early, and help to put the wholestate in line with the progressive policies of the ablest President we haveiad in the White House since ThomasJefferson.DEMOCRACY AROUSED.'Secretary of State Bryan's visit toKentucky has served to arouse theState Democracy to the importanceo the November election. He madeit very clear that praise of PresidentWilson's policies counts for nothingdertaken for the reform of the currency and the revival of businesswill prove a failure.WILLSON REPUDIATED.There must be something radicallywrong with Gus Willson when practically all the leaders of the Republican party condemn him as untrustworthy and inefficient. They regardhim as a shallow, selfish politician,lacking in sincerity and ability. Inthe reorganization of the Republicanparty they are realizing the necessity of getting rid of the old reactionary office holders like Willson, whohas lost the confidence of the people.It is a modest estimate to say thatGus Willson will run 25,000 votes behind his ticket.THEATRIGALThe Alamo, Tuesday.Essanay's photoplay masterpiece,"The Good For Nothing," featuringMr. G. M. Anderson, as Gilbert Sterling the "Good For Nothing." Adramatic object lesson, showing how aworthless son made a man of himselfand returned good for evil. Completein four parts. The story of this picture can be obtained at the Box Officeof Alamo Theatre. (Adv.)WON'T STAND FOR HIM. (Judge Orear, who was the Republican nominee for Governor threeyears ago, has openly denounced GusWillson, the Republican nominee forthe Senate, as unworthy of the support of any honest Republican. Hehas refused to take the stump forWillson, and he is privately informing his Republican and Progressivefriends that their most sacred dutyto their party and their State is toretire Willson to private life forever.LETS HOPES THISDREAM COMES TRUE.Paris Grand, Wednesday.The Lubin Company presents Evelyn Nesbitt Thaw and her son, RussellThaw, in "Threads of Destiny," a wonderful five act drama of Russian life.This is one of the most expensivepictures efer shown in Paris and willbe shown for one night only, Wednesday, Nov. 4.In connection with this picture therewill be shown Klaw and Erlanger'sbig three reel feature'Woman AgainstWoman." This is said to be one ofthe best pictures that Klaw and Erlanyer have ever produced.Gregg's Imperial Orchestra of theColonial Theatre, Lexington, will furnish special music for this occasion.There will be one performance only,beginning promptly at 8 o'clock p. m.Reserved seats can be secured at theBox Office of Alamo Theatre, beginning Monday, Nov. 2.Admission Lower floor 25 cents;Balcony, 15 cents; Gallery 10 cents.Secure your tickets in advance andwitness two of the best pictures youever saw.The next attraction at the ParisGrand will be on Thursday night, Nov.12 Essanay's big feature photoplay,"One Wonderiul Night," featuringFrancis X. Bushman, and Selig's bigsensational feature, "The Royal Box,"with Gregg's Imperial Orchestra.(Adv.TH GIRL OF MY DREAMS."An interurban railway from Paristo Carlisle is being agitated since theLouisville & Nashville railroad hasreduced the number of trains throughthe latter city and taken off the Sunday passenger trains.Now that such an excellent movehas been started just let us add aline. You know that since the greatEuropean conflict has started many,many dreams which seemed impossible have come to pass.Granted that an interurban ralilway has been placed between thecity of Paris and that of our neighbor Carlisle. Could not this electricline be easily pushed on to MaysvilSle? Most assurcjlly! Then pushthe good work forward and tuii itdown to New Richmnd, O., where aninterurban railway goes to Cincinnati.Dreams! Could a dream of thisnature come true? What would bethe result of such a feat as this? Wecan readily see the growth of Paris,of Carlisle, of Maysville and every i "Madame Sherry" and "Doctor Dejother town through which this line Luxe." The book of "The Girl of Mywould pass. The world of .progress ! Dreams" is by Wilbur D. Nesbit andis rapidly forging forward, therefore j Otto Hauerbach.j let us all consider how an electric Unlike other musical shows, everyrailway would benefit our town. number in this piece is a distinct anaLower rates for transportation . separate hit. Especially is this so ofand closer relationship of the farmer s "O-o-h! Maybe It's a Robber!" andand the city man, feature mainly the , "Doctor Tinkle Tinker." Already thesegreat benefits. Also many others too j two big song hits are being sung allnumerous to mention. over the country and theatergoersLet all of Paris unite and talk this as well as the press are praising.it inthing. Something might break loose the highest terms,real suddenly and an opportunity! "The Girl of My Dreams" will bepresent itself. Then we can grasp the ' seen at the Ben Ali, in Lexington, ochance and make this dream come morrow matinee and UjighL Seatstrue. What do you think about it? j now selling. (adv.)AMAlMOlLAH"U 1111 1 ,' M,II'I''I1M HHth nmu iH"Doctor Tinkle Tinker," a song number from "The Girl of My Dreams"is one of the many hitsjf that splendid musical comedy, which has created an unprecedented success at theIllinois Theater, Chicago, CriterionTheater, New York City, Garrick Theater, Philadelphia and the ColonialTheater, Boston.The music of "The Girl of MyI Dreams" is by the late Karl Hoschna,who has been compared to Suppe bysome of the musical critics and whowas a finished musician in every way,having had a thorough musical education in Vienna, the home of greatmusicians, and who served in the Royal Orchestra in that city for severalvears. He is also the composer ofHALL BRYANT.Mr. Earl Bryant, of Lexington,distributor for the National BiscuitCo., and Miss Anna V. Hall, of thesame city, accompanied by Mrs. D. P.Brandenburg, came to Paris Tuesdayand were granted marriage license bycounty uierK .fearce Paton. On account of the youthful appearance ofthe couple County Clerk Paton requested them to make affidavits to theeffect that they were more hantwenty-one years of age.They went to the home .of Dr. B. M.Shive, on Duncan Avenue, who performed the ceremony.SANFORD METCALFE.Invitations as follows have beenreceived by friends in Paris: "Judgeand Mrs. Edward Terry Sanford request the honor your presence at themarriage of their daughter, Dorothy,to Mr. James Garrison Metcalfe onWednesday, eleventh of November athalf after eight o'clock at fourteenhundred and one Cumberland AvenueWest Knoxville, Tennessee. At homeafter the first of December, Paris Kentucky" Mr. Metcafe' is Master ofTrains on this division of the L. & N.,with headquarters in Paris, succeedingMr. W. O. Chambers.ASHBROOK STRONG.Sly Dan Cupid made another entry in his books last night when heput a check mark opposite the nameof Miss Mary Ashbrook, and noted:"Now Mrs. C. C. Strong."The marriage took place at thehome of the bride's sister, Mrs. FrankP. Kiser, on Houston Avenue, at sixo'clock last night, only immediatefriends and relatives being present.Eld. W. E. Ellis, of the Paris Christian Church, officiated.Immediately following the ceremany, after receiving congratulationsand good wishes vne young: couDlei took the 6:20 L. & N. train to Cincinnati, and from there to Detroit,Mich. After a short visit they willgo to New Orleans, and to Pensacola,Florida, to visit the bride's mother,Mrs. Rachel Ashbrook Barlow, andthen to the groom's home in Erion,Tennessee, where he is stationed asresident civil engineer in railroadwork.The groom is a graduate of Yale, agrandson of ex-Postmaster-GeneralMarshall Jewell and n:s marked abilityhas won him a high place in his profession. The bride is a charming and attractive young" woman, who has been making her home in Pensacola, Fla.,-ja iaipTJH 'sjjvr 'jainom aai ajaijAvlow, and her sister, Mrs. I. J. Smith,are residing. She is a graduate ofHamilton College, auc is possessed ofthe rare graces of character thathave endeared her to a large circleot triends.S Wolf; Wile & Co.Had the Right Idea.The tailor's sign in a little inlandtown was an apple simply an apple.The people were amazed at it. Theycame in crowds to the tailor, askinghim what on earth the meaning of thesign was. The tailor, with a complacent smile, replied: "Jf it hadn't beenfor'an apple, where would the clothingbusiness be today?"I me Fall Event ol 1914Jormery Jaumanj Straus 5c Co.exmgton,yReduced Price Sale ofWoolen Dress GoodsFor Two Weeks, Beginning October1 9 and Ending October 31, 1914;Not a family in this city or vicinity can afford to overlook this ONE greatest opportunity to buy a ladies', Xmiooco UL cunu wuuien ureas lengen or SKirt lengtr 01these choice woolens. They are the best American WoolMaterials, woven on American made machinery. Theiryalues are from $1.25 ta $2.50 a yard.CHOICE FOR TWO WEEKS,75c a YardAt the extreme low price above quoted and to fosterthe idea of using Merchandise Made in America, it cansafely be stated that all our customers from Lexington andthe neighboring cities and counties will avail themselves ofthis two weeks' offer and that they will emphasize theirintention to buy preferablyAmerican-Made GoodsWe are contributing OUR share of promoting the everincreasing demand for goods made in our own country bythe total disregard of profits in this two weeks WoolenGoods Sale.The anticipation of a large business on these materialsabove offered prompts us to state in advance that no samples will be cut from this special offer lot of merchandise,none of them will be held for later delivery except on out:right purchase.WOLF, WILE & CO.Formerly Kaufman, Straus- & Co. .Lexington, KentuckyiAAiThTiiTiiTiTiTThTiiTiiTiiTiiTi32rvt....Kv' H"Hi.'fri,442!iLUKE MctUKE SAYS.What lias become of the old-fashionedwoman who used to give herson a mouth wash of soap when sheheard him swearing?New Fall and Winter Model:EXCLUSIVEMILLINERY . ,We now have on displays the newest'designs of Late cAutumn and WintercTHillinery. Dressy" Hats for afternoonand evening wear are the feature of thisdisplay.EARLY SELECTIONS AREADVISABLE!.,nitlpmHat! CnniilnAf ...w.....ii Ulll(UIH,,JtJ , We are always too busy to push aJ man when he is trying to get up thehill. But we are never too busy toJ shove him when he starts down hill.a. snow mat is coming to town advertises as its great feature: "TheGirl Who Throws The Bull." Butwhy feature her? Every girl we knowcan do that.Vou .ii".y have noticed that when aReformer has a Message To The Peo-Dle he always wants to send it collect. Edison is a fair-to-middling sort ofa fellow. But the man who inventedkissing got his reward before lie Idied.There are all sorts of people inthe world, including the man whobrags that only men who know howto read and write are sent to thepenitentiary tor forgery.Every week or two the Scientistsdiscover something that will bringthe dead back to life. But the Undertakers insist upon being foolishwith their money and invest it innew hearses and more caskets.What has become of the old-fashiondude who soped his hair sothat it would lie flat on his forehead.wThen a working girl gets the Princess idea into her head she wearstennis hoes and carries a tennisracquet co you" won't know she is, onher way to the factory.It makes a big difterence to a manwhether the bamboo he is holding isat ihe end of a fishing pole oi' acarpet beater.Doesn't it make ou feel old whenmen who have Grover Cleveland astheir first two names are applyingfor marriage license?There are other sorrows in life,but it is pretty tough for a girl to beengaged to a fellow and have a passionate love for raw onionstRELIGIOUSRev. J. J: Dickey will preach atthe Montrey School house next Sunday. Rev. J. J. Dickey, assisted byRev. Samuel Linge, late of Michigan,will begin a protracted meeting atHutchison Chapel next Sunday morn- jing. The public is cordially invitedDr. O. R. Maugum, pastor of the 'Paris Baptist Church, reponded to theaddress of welcome, delivered by Dr.J. W. Porter, in Lexington, yesterday,at the meeting of the Baptist YoungPeoples' Union.St Peter's Episcopal Church,Rev. Geo. H. Harris, rector. SundaySchool at 9:30 a. m. Sunday beingAll Saints' Day, there will be an administration of the Holy Communionat 10:45 a. m., and the sermon will beappropriate to the ci&y.Childish Wrong-Doing.A child should never be regarded as.a criminal, but as a victim of crime.No child can create his own environment. Boys have often been punished for wrong-doing when it. wouldbe just about as sensible to whip a.child for having diphtheria or typhoid.SAVE PENALTY.The time is aboutup -for paying: citytaxes. Pay NOWandsave 1 0 per cent penalty. Only two daysmore.C. K. TriOlVf AS,City Collector-THE BEST HEATER AND RANGEEmbrjr C&, Co.cTWain Street, Eastsra yarn about his auto stalling whenhe is late. But the poor guy whohas to use the street cars is alwaysa liar when the motorman gets careleas. A woman's idea of Extravagance isto spend more than a dime in a tencent store.Many a poor man spends goodmoney to have his daughter's voicecultivated and discovers later on thatie was cultivating her imagination.With a- bracelet watch on her wristand clocks on her stockings, there iso excuse for a girl not being t onlime.Why is it that a corn-fed girl witht. wobble, who is attracting the attention of all the men, is busy envying-a crJrl ivitll l cliano lilro o TTnrriricrAAAAAAAAAAALAAAAo..... -- - . . . . A, " ...-" . ., u, "VUUl&wfffVf7fvffMfVVf9999M ffV Just because the Herring shape is inLexington, Ky.XThe rich husband can get by with)HOUSEKEEPERS.Get the New Process Gas Rangeand Heater, from the leading stove-i man.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Get the New Process Gas Heaterand Range the kind that saves youmoney and work!A. F. WHEELER & CO.'$&44'?H,iMSNuUNION CENTRALLIFE INSURANCE CO. 1Strongest Company.Lowest Net Rafe.Miss Kate AlexanderAGENT!?!45 ALSOSOL5CIT-HIr --gJNa. kC 1GASFire,HEATERS!t and AutomobilePRICEStiInsurance ?$4.00 to $25.00and will greatly aopreciatei 4 2lINSTALLED.Satisfaction Guaranteed.your consideration.i miss kate Alexander. tPari$0a$ $Seciic0-A.style?yl'lil I I Hit-;(Incorporated)JXtCt. ".- '" v . v r. -.- -. . - .-- rinniyTi r i, ft - t1 T- .'t, Dvuiipun ntW5l..fAKI5, K.ENlUCItY,TPCTOBER 30," 1914vsj ri rI" -IHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADESOCIAL AND PERSONAL:Readers of the BourbonNews will confer a favor ifthey will call No. 124, bothphones, and telephone us anyitems of news they may learn,particularly the coming andgoing of visitors. If youhave guests, show them .thecourtesy of giving their namesto our paper.COUNTY TAX DUE.The county tax listsere now ready. Payvour taxes before December 1, and save!line six per cent, pcn-jjaftty that will attach! Iaa all unpaid taxes .OTT tnell Udlt:. ,W. F- TALBOTT, j Mrs. Henry J. Grosche is visitingSheriff Bourbon CountV. I her Parents, Mr. and Mrs. Brown, in7 Dayton, Ky.a p P LES BY THP ha r r p i ! Mr and Mrs- Ay elette Buckner areAPPLES BY THE BARREL I in Asheville, North Carolina, for an ex-,.. . v . . tended visit.. iiim' irei.n w npcnnc tw i)U re'.C. P. COOK & CO.Woodford, Mrs. Woodford Daniel, Mrs.Wm. Woodford and Irs. Brice Steele.Miss Nellie Fithian is at homefrom Danville for a week-end visit.Mrs. Tillie Quinsenbury has re-iturned trom a visit to friends in Winchester. Mr. Clyde Carroll, of Roanoke, Virginia, was in Paris yesterday on abusiness visit.Attorney P. A. Thompson returned yesterday morning from a business trip to Columbus, O.Miss Corine Collins will returnto-morrow from a visit to Mrs. Raymond Spencer, at Hyde Park, nearCincinnati.Miss Ellen Curt-s has returned toher home at Dayton, Ohio, after avisit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.James J. Curtis. She will visit atAvondale, Cincinnati, en-route.HALLOWEEN.--Si M'rS 9?Mit;hf!1 haye j -Misses Elizabeth and Nell Crutch-ADMINISTRATOR QUALIFIES.returned from a visit to relatives inMercer County.Mrs. Tinder, of Birmingham, Ala.,-,lr Frank W. Sledd, of North MidjVtown, recently appointed adminisator of Pearl Hill and Danny Ashertljalified Wednesday in the sum ofCO, "with John W. Jones as surety.REVENUE ASSIGNMENTS..'ollector of Internal Revenue Benarshall, of the Seventh District, hask ide the following assignments torIV,; ember for Bourbon County:Julius Kessler &. Co., Paris; C. L,.i ough, day and bottling; J. P. Hutchalt, additional; W. J. Crostwait, gau-trer attended the banquet tenndered thealumni of the Kentucky College forWomen at Danville, Wednesday. Theymainder of the week.LEXINGTON BOWLING TEAMDEFEATS PARIS TEAM.DEMOCRATIC SPEAKING.ilon. J. Campbell Cantrill, Demo-'-aticnominee for Congress from theenth Congressional District will. .dress the voters of Paris and Bourl n County at the .-ourthouse, next. jiula, Nov. 2, at 2c 00 p. m. in theterest of his candidacy for re-elec-Lcm Mr. Cantrill will give the voters jr new estimate of President Woodtow Wilson from a personal and mi mate viewpoint.is visiting her sister, Mrs. Tackett, on J will visit friends i'n Danville the reliuicsluu avenue.Miss Sallie Ashbrooke, of Cynthiana, is a yuest or her sister, Mrs.R. B. Hutchcraft.Mrs. Martha Howard, of Mayslick,is a guest of her son, Mr. H. C. Henson,on Stoner Avenue.Mrs. Julian Frank and son, have! returned from a visit to Miss JessieI Harp, in Lexington.The Catholic Women's Leaguewill entertain at their hall, on HighStreet, Tuesday evening, Nov. 2.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft hasreturned from a short visit to MissAnna Howard Harbison, in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. J. Morgan Brownhave moved to their new home onMt. Airy Avenue, recently completed.Mrs. Jno. Towles, Misses BelleHorton and Ellen Towles have return-'ed from a fisit to friends in Lexintr-'trm IHOW TO SAVE MONEY.HeaterBuy a New Process Gasund Range, fromA. F. WHEELER & COFARM SOLD.The first match game in the newVewell Bowling Alleys in this citywas played Wednesday night betweenthe team from the Adams Alleys, inLexington, and the picked team representing the Yewell Alleys. For Lexington, Horn stood high man, rolling197 m the third game. Funk, of theParis team, made the highest averagescore, totalling 199 mi the "secondgame. There was a large crowd inattendance,, and great inteiest Avasmanifested.The Paris team r:ll play a returngame on the Lexington Alleys nextWednesday.Edward Prichard holds the recordMiss Elizabeth Steele went to ChJ ? Aick Dinsf? date 1,avlnS scooinnati. yteste !lay. with her uncle, ' " At S . ffHon. J. Hal Woodford, lor the racej ' ?y peett Tarr in bowling on theat Latonia ' local alleys remains unbeaten. TheMrs. Harry Staples and children, ! ?cre. of Wednesday's games is as fol-miyj uuic uccii .yuesib ui iuis. iurusSaturday will be Hallowe'en," .thetime of all times for the small boyand the fairy time for the youngpeople of both sexes. Many smallparties and celebrations will be given, fortunes told, and the spirits invoked for blessings and happiness, iThe small bovs have alreadv madepreparations for the "proper" ob- Jservance of the occasion, and it issafe to say that they will - endeavor jto "make Rome howl," as they gen-' 5nity, erally do whea afforded an opportunity. The shop windows areshowing a great variety ofmasks for the merrymakers, and thesmall boys and a great many of theolder ones are making rounds picking out the ones they think will helpthe most to keep the good time going. Pumpkins are on the market,and will be in great Remand in thenext few' days. All the shops arefilled with Hollo ween emblems, andthey have never been so compete orso satisfying to the lovers of tradition as at the present progressivetime. Hallowe'en is one of the mostenjoyabletimes of the year, made forinnocent fun, though often perverted by the malicious into a time forthe destruction of property.The holiday has been more gener-jally observed in Paris in the pasttwo or three years than for a decade, and partook somewhat of theholiday spirit manifested in the Venitian carnivals and fetes.BUILD FENCES NOW.The Clarke's Remedies:We now own all the patents an d copyrights of tbe late Dr:Chas. J. Clarke. Dr. Upington will continue to putuiTthese reliable remedies under the original Clarke formula, and. we willhave them in stock at all times.Among the best known are Clarke's Nerve Ease, Clarke's Tonic, Clarke's Face Powder, Parisine Cream, Clarke's Tooth Wash,and Clarke's Cough Medicine.Also the following Poultry and Live Stock Remedies: Clarke'sLimberneck and Roup Remedy, Clarke's Liquid Poultry Tonic,Clarke's Gape Remedy, Condition Powder for Stock, and Clarke'sHog Remedy.We want to supply these preparations to their many old friendsand know they are deserving of new friends. We recommendespecially Clarke's Nerve Ease for headache, and neuralgia, andClarke's Limberneck and Roup Remedy for Poultry disorders.These preparations have all been thoroughly tested and haveproven their merit.Your prescriptions accurately filled.The Ardery Drug Co.Clarke's Old Stand.Talbott, have returned to their homein Lexington.Mrs. Fay Ardery and little son,went to Georgetown, yesterday, for avisit with Mrs. Ardery's mother, Mrs.Bessie Finnell.Mrs. Rhinehart Christ, who hasjDuncan mbeen a guest of her sister, Mrs. Funk T 12iRrnwniup- ofi T-Tia-li Street hoc voHirn. ! I llOlliaS loOMiss Grace Haskins, the efficient jI stenographer for Judge C. A. McMillan,left vesterdav lor a visit with rpln-, - .j - -- - .. ,vtot .p. cM..M i ..4. i. itives fn Hamden.-Ohioold Wednesday at public outcry, forMiss Sallie C. Corbin, thirty acres ofjnimproved land on the Harp and Innespike, a mile from Hutchison, tothe same time 90 acres of land with ' Mr. Harry Simon has returned.mprovements was withdrawn at $100 from New York City, where he pur- jper acre; and one acre of land with .chased an elegant assortment of high-j-malI house, located on the Paris and class novelty suits, coats and dresses.Lexington interurban car line, was sold " , ..for Miss Corbin to John Steel for Mr. and Mrs. Elmer Dafis, Mrs.$325. Eugene Davis and Miss Etta Wheelerwas guests oi .virs. tsrowning, on ttigiiGAME.1st.Lexington:Adams 159Horn 148Wilson 140Stevenson 165Funk, R 1592d.ird.771i Paris:ed to her home in Hamilton, O.Grev 147Hadden 148179 - 170170 197169 166194 196176 1508S8 879171 131199 177147 139146 138146 152683S0973 iBUGGY ROBES ANDFOOT WARMERS.FOR SALE CHEAP.Build your fences now you will betoo busy in the spring. We have afine lot of locust posts, oak pickets,oak fencing plank and oak farm gates.(27-4t) BOURBON LUMBER CO.RACE SUICIDE WOULD HELP.A Bourbon county paper notes thata man and wife in Paris are both atthe point of death, the woman of puerperel fever and the man of tuberculosis. The interesting information isadded that "neither of them Is over45 ears of age, but should say thata little race suicide in a famiy of thissort would not be a bad thing. Thinkof a tuberculous man leaving enoughchildren to stock an orphan asylum!We think a whole lot more highly ofthe Wisconsin eugenic law since reading about this family. State Journal.CHICKENS FOR SALE.150 the finest chickens in Parisall fine breeds, for sale. Call on or(27-3t) MRS. M. A. PATON.SAVE PENALTY.The time is aboutup Tor payingThomas, Woodford& Bryan..Street, have returned to their homeHandsome Dining "Room FurnitureCUM. PHONE 340. lIt Paris, Ky.LAV1N & CONNELL.j Beautiful selection of Buggy Robes! just received. The best quality and j,'r, XIr,-nn Tr -ILIYJSX. i . H,5UU1D J"1"6""' v,l-,j riage or automobile is complete theseA tourine- uartv coniDosed of Dr. autumn days without one of our foot-, S. V. Conjpton and Messrs. Smith, warmers, l ne oest maaej Pemberton and wrignt, business men' i-of Ashand, spent several hours in i! Paris. Wednesday. REGISTRATION FIGURES.The fixtures and other equipment of ' Mr. and Mr. Thos. E. Moore, Jr., iie three days' supplemental registhe George Alexander &. Company who have been visiting Mrs. Mooie's . tration bein- conducted by CountyState Bank were sold publicly, Wed-. parents, Mr. and Mrs. William Addams, clerk pearcePaton at his office in thenesday, by Buckner Woodford, special in Cvnthiaua, have gone to Charlottes- COurt house ended Wednesday nightBanking Commissioner. M. F. Kenney, j ville, Va., to visit friends. at nine o'clock. The figures 'show arfiuthl u510ff' 7? flxtu.r I -at,. paw unft. f,iM '. total of 94 Democrats, 15 Republicans,"iiiwu ai e ul tjunu iiiaiiogany, wiul ; .ui.u-uu.u i.u1.v.ilv,.iuuni-uU-u ii,cityi--. r. !.! fc a i vsave 10 percent pen-ialty. Only! two moredays.C. K. -THOMAS, JCity Collector.t-ttFIRE, WIND AND LIGHTNINGINSURANCEON TOBACCO AND BARNS.PROMPT SETTLEMENTS.y4'4''!"I''I''I''I'44'44''''S''M"I''I''I'4''i''I"I''I444MBANK FIXTURES SOLD.brass filigree work, marble counters,etc., were sold to the first Nationalj 1 Independent and 1 Socialist regis-T.ovinornn WnlnoCrav ovpniiio- n- I LC1 c" " "" UiU llKJ &u LlL u" LWC lcbu.iiiHi,vi vuuvwuwj x- h .v-reception at the Phoenix Hotel, in ; "r "T .avinoinn WolnoeiTav oi'oniiio- fan. I LCI CU,Bank of Paris, for S256. The adding ! dered by Mr. and Mrs. Joseph F. Wal-1 iar registration aalnacnine, wliich is a 15-bank Burroughs J ton in "0or 01 ineir son, .ur. .uatt ;double, was sold to the Exchange Bank ' Walton and his bride. jof Millersburg for $211. The entire ; Thp rpftftnHv orMni-Zftfl YonnJ Senator J. N. Camden has writtenZfT?Jr.eB and I Women's Bridge aub was entertain- The News that he is sending a larSEEDS FOR DISTRIBUTION.1 irmture sold for a total of $710TOM GEORGE'S SPECIALS.pd Tuesdav afternoon, at the home of quantity of vegetable seeds for (lis! Mrs. William B. Ardery, on South I tribution and that he' is desirous ofMain Street. The Club includes ; naving uiese seeas reacn uie partiesCall at mv m nH hv f , I following members: Mrs. Ardery, , most interested in them.money left for other thingsCoffee, 15 cents per pound".13 pounds sugar, $1.00..apples, 20 cents per pdek.Mrs. Clarence Kenney, Mrs. JohnYerkes, Mrs. Carley Wilmoth, Mrs. .John Davis, Mrs. Wm. Kenney Fergu-json, Mrs. William Ferguson, MissesTHANKGIVING SALE.The Jadies ot the Presbyterian-. r -nr jf 1 -s.. o-.:?i, .,1 I flmrr-li will rnnfliir h 3nl nf orlihlocirisii -pntvtn 90 MtB nar r,ar ' y woouioiu, y uximtu c,IU T.i ...::::: .7. : .::.,:.:;.:!Cabbage, 2 cents"per pound. ' ; E!izabeth Embr', and delicacies tor the ThankgivingI nolcifo of tlio rkffino rf tlio Pnric dao .CVElectric Co Ton Wednesday, Nov. 25.! 1 , . . . . .nuui, ucst graue, u cents per 24-' The regular meeting of the FansI.oiud sack. Literary Club was held Wednesday af-TOM GEORGE, 1 ternoon at the club parlors, with Mrs.J. T. "Vansant presiding in the absenceof the president, Mrs. Thos. Henry 1Clay, and a very entertaining pro- do your heating. Sold byThe hippewa Club, that delightful gram on early Ireland was presented. ' A. F. WHEELER & CO.3 ri 0:1 the banks of Stoner during Mi? Tckhart read a naDer onINTO VINTER QUARTERS. NEW PROCESS HEATER.Let the New Process Gas Heater'n -aminer months, is -a thing of "Brian Boru;" "The Bards" was the -the past, haviny been dismantled subject of Miss Hutchcraft s paper; t m444m,mm44,-iored away for the winter. The the "Story of Tim MacCoul" was told ; 9iio? tents and camp equipment Dy irs. Wm .G. Talbott, and "Roundjut In cold storage Monday to ' Tnver; Holv Wells, Crosses and1 i-in in a state or "innocuous dis- Bells" was the subject of a paper bya f 1 -de" until the bluebirds herald irs Charlton Alexander. After the'iif approach of the boating season program the subject of having a Chau-'111tminwi hftrp. next summer, conducted fTj Are -Kras no more delightful re-1 DV the White-Myers or Mid-West Chau-r--t In or around Paris during the ' tauqua, was favorably discussed':ied term thpjn thp. Chinnewa Clnh !' 2nt.nVs the sish coins uu over' Miss Elizabeth Steele entertained"r enforced disbandingHALLOWE'EN SOCIAL.. IBI with a four o'clock tea, weanesaay j 5afternoon, m nonor 01 two aixracuve 9vounir brides who have recently been fadded to the social circle, of Paris, 5mT-e pupils of the Paris High I Mrs. Stanhope Weidmann, who wTascJ ool will give a Hollowe'en Social I Miss Mazie Purcell, of Lexington, andT the High School gymnasium, to-j Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton, who was Miss''os- eveinjr. when the witches Elizabth Whitridge, of Baltimore, Md."il witch and the spooks will spook, j The 'home was decorated with au- 'd all tne gathered host in witch- tumn flowers, cosmos, chrysanthe" aDd spookv attire will have a mums and snap-dragon. Little Missrood time together. A, real live for- j Ruth Adair received tie guests' cards' teller will be there to put each at the door, and Mrs. William Wood.. ') Pvrv nip "wicp' in xohut ikp I fnrd conducted them to the parlorJ" Q v..1 i 4 i.i, v. ...r, v. hnotocc TrpRpnt.ed them toi-z nvsua iu teiuie LUi uiiu ui utu. wucic wi i-i.- r- . . ,ill be an evening of genuine enJ .'laent, and all it will cost will bet' cents for boys alone; 15 cents forcjpies; and 5 cents for girls alonethe charming guests of honor, whorore lovely afternoon toilets.The dining-room where the luncheont-as served was very attractive, theSrL nmcooc tuJh Ho .lavr.iart in tho nr w.lipme. white and yellow, being1 r; School publication, "Everystu-, carried out. The center piee of thele"L" t"ble was a large cut glass vase ofellow chrysanthemums, and dishes ofNEW GOODS AT MUNSON'S. nuts and confections in yellow tones1 were placed on lace mats. Mrs. Ed-i't up to mv Ktnra nn TiYinr?nv -owi PHohard presided over the choc-" ,ee our n4w line of winter goods, olate urnt and Miss Mary Fithian. gOOd liquia: -w ipriiAfi' arkPts. skirts. ftr ' ut nhr.ra.it noured t;a, and the guests 5 oC a DOttle.GOODPOR JUT:hairDon't forpret to combyour hair. When thereis anything in combs or.brushes that you want,don't' miss us. We havegood hair brushes all theway iram 25c up to $2,00.We guarantee the bristlesto stay in all" brushesworth -50c or more. Combsare 10c up to 75c, and webelieve we have just thekind you are looking for.If we haven't we an getit. If you want a firstclass hair tonic try ourIdeal it is a good oneand guaranteed. 50c abottle. We have all theadvertised kinds. Agood liquid shampoo for'l HSlfl 'H- Mwnl, i ft &M i re z is s in n uiiblIvj wmmmMmmimMmikmmm iihiiiiiui . i l w . ,wv ti 'Mil ' HH WW Pi" I iimi ' hm ls IS B fi SK1' 1HI;":'r m JX rjr WSE- i-"' rtl" 'tjr IBSJlllfeit $mms K i 'LW: r9 !SJ, -I TfmsJbouMioithe JSS1 1 mmeimTjorjeamgr1 1 Therefore' men's suits and overcoats, shoes were served with chicken sandwiches, ."ni firv goods, are going at p.ice a variety of sanawicnes, ope uuv,' T 1-w fcr good values. We save ' nuts and mints. Assisting Miss Steeleou mo.ey. jln her duties as hostess were Misses,nWATnr;prv TMrnMSOV r?irr.iirn Roseberry, Nancy Griffith,.The Broadway Merchant JLaura Steele, Martha Ferguson, -MaryPeoples PharmacyPARIS. KY.(30-lt)iiThat which you buy should be worth buying. We useevery endeavor to keep a stock of theVery Best Furniture, Riigs,'Wall Papersand will be much pleased to have YOU come and investigate. We handle nothing second hand.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYPares, Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance Wood lyiantelsS McDougal Kitchen Cabinets.Foster Bros. Safety Cribs.- ---VJr zo-vx.v.A if XKtI. xr x..fv .V ,vict.?fv "" I .1 if v.V' vr1J siii.hI PWV't"I .- iN -v'I " '- i S'lL- , ViS-' ar-'' :" j " . r .,5r w 1 ,i -s,rwTHE BOURBOi NEWS, PARISH KENTUCKY, UCTUBEK JO, ;i914 . i r" . ,' . : - . .-..w . .w . - .tf . . - t .v:V -;KtMtwckv man Cells ftc;v mayrStomach Remedy Restored (UifeMrs. W. H. Clarke Is Relieved After j Remedy in all parts ,of the country.Years of DigestiveDisorders.Mrs. W. H. Clarks, of Central City,Ky for many years suffered fromdisorders of the stomach. She tried.juaay ..treatments with little encouragement. Mr. Ciarks induced her to try Mayr'sWonderful Stomach Remedy. She&. results right away. The herote:"The medicine has done my wife a-world of good, and I feel that it willeire her. I intend to keep on untilshe is completely cured, as you. haveteen' doing her more good than anyxme has ever done her, and she hasteem suffering with her stomach foryears. I am glad I was told of theILetters like that are written by-eers of Mayr's Wonderful Stomachiig 111 if"H'4"Il"I"I"I"I"I"M"M"I,4itJs It Worth Insuring??IAsk us to give you therates. We give especial attention to all farm business.Try us. Call 36 or 171 day,56 night.iW. 0. HINTON& SON,THE NEW FIRM!.rTTTTTrTVTTinMonsters of the Deep.That there are terrible monBters inthe deep there can be 'no doubt. One-of these is the whale. It was only in1908 that a whale devastated the fishtraps off Port Towsend, Wash., because the fishermen had captured oneof its young. A whaler recently putin port in Liverpool with the arm ofan octopus 38 feet long. The arm hadbeen taken from the mouth of a whalelie had "killed and had stuck in thehuge animal's throat. The octopus isdoubtless a more tearful animal thanthe .sea serpent.YOUR FALLCOLDNEEDSATTENTION.No use to fuss and try to wear itout It will wear you out instead.Take Dr. King's New Discovery, relief follows quickly. It checks yourCold and Soothes your Cough away.Pleasant, Antiseptic and Healing.Children like it. Get a 50c bottlekeep it in the house. "Our familyCough and Cold Doctor" writesLewis Chamberlain, Manchester, O.Honey back if not satisfied, but itnearly always helps.(oct-adv)MRS. THOMSONTELLS WOMENHow She Was Helped DaringChange of Life hy Lydia E.Pinkham5s VegetableCompound."Philadelphia. Pa. "lam just 52 yearsof age and during Change of Life I suffered for six yearsterribly. I tried several doctors but noneseemed to give meany relief. Everymonth the pains wereintense in both sides,and made me soweak that I had togo to bed. At lasta friend recommended Lydia -E. Pinkham's VegetableHOW IS YOURTOBACCO?CertainlyOOOOOLktTt ""Camponnd to me and X tried it at once.aad ioond much relief. After that IJttd no pains at all and could do myouse work" and shopping the sameai always. For years I have praisedJLja 12. Pinkham's Vegetable Comfowmd for what it has done for me,-mod flhall always recommend it as a wo' friend. You are at liberty to useay letter in any way. ' Mrs. Thomson,Wm W. Eussell St, Philadelphia, Pa.1 Change of life is one of the mostcritical periods of a woman's existence.Vmm everywhere should remember-that there is no other remedy known to-carry women so successfully throughtmm trying period as Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound. 'If you want special advice,jwiite to Lydia E. Pinkham Med-iciae Co. (confidential), Lynn,3tae. Your letter rilLbe opened,asa answered oy a womanlieJd in strict coiftideiiceIt proves is merit with the first doseno long treatment.Mayr's Wonderful Stomach RemeTTyclears the digestive tract of mucoidaccretions and removes poisonousmatter. It brings swift relief to sufferers from ailments of the stomach,liver and bowels. Many declare thatit has saved them from dangerous operations and many are sure it has saved their lives.We want all people who have; chronic stomach trouble or constipation, no matter of how long standing, to try one dose of Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy one dosewill convince you. This is the medicine so many of our people havebeen taking with surprising results.The most thorough system cleanserever sold. Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy is now sold here by G.S. Varden & Son and druggists everywhere. Why Currants Are Good for Us.Currants, in spite of their rather insignificant place on our bills of fare,are decidedly beneficial to humanity.For their chief constituents, potash,tartaric acid which gives them theirsharpness and grape sugar, all easily digested substances, all have value.English dietists, especially, harp onthe health-preserving qualities of thissmall fruit.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm ofP. J. Cheney & Co., doing businessin the City of Toledo, County and iState aforesaid, and that said firm 1will pay the sum of ONE HUNDREDDOLLARS for each and every caseof Catarrh that cannot be cured bythe use of HALL'S CATARRHCURE.FRANK J. CHENEY.State of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas County jssSworn to before me and subscribed in my presence, this 6th day ofDecember, A. D. 1886.(Seal) A. W. GLEASON,Notary Public.Hall's Catarrah Cure is taken internally and 'acts directly upon the j Greece. She is a very handsome wornblood and mucous surfaces of the j ftn and will entertain extensively atsystem. Send for testimorials,- free, jsystem, send tor testimonials, tree.' Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.Address:Toledo, O.F. J. CHEXEY & CO.i(oct-adv)NOTICE!BOURBON COUNTY COURT!n the Matter of OscarHedges, &cON PETITIONNotic of Electeion!Notice is hereby given under a judg-1ment and order of the Bourbon County 'Court entered in the above styled pro-!'ceeding, an order was entered in thesaid Court directing an election to be !neld in Flat Rock voting precinctsNumber One and Two, upon the following question:Are you in favor of making it unlawful for cattle or any species thereof torun at large on the public highwayand unenclosed land of Flat Rock Mag-!estenal district, composed of FlatRock voting Precinct No. 1 and FlatRock voting Precinct No. 2?Said election will be held on Tues -day, November 3rd, 1914, at the regu-lar election to be held on that date.Witness my hand, this 9th dav ofOctober, 1914.W. F. TALBOTT,. . Sheriff of Eourbon County,(octl 3-20-23-303NOTICEt9BOURBON COUNTY COURTIn the Matter of Jas.Fisher, c.ON PETITIONNotice of Election !Notice is hereby given under a judgment and order of the Bourbon CountyCourt entered in the said Court directing an election to be held in Ruddles Mills voting precincts NumberOneand Two, upon the following question: Are you in favor of making it unlawful for cattle or any species thereofto run at large on the public highwayand unenclosed land of Ruddles MillsMagisterial district, composed of Ruddles Mills voting Precinct No. 1 andRuddles Mills voting Precinct No. 2?Said election will be held on Tuesday, November 3, 1914, at the regularelection to be held on that' date.Witness my hand this 9th day ofOctober, 1914.Y7. F. TALBOTT,(odMMMO) ' " UUmySCORNERED THE BUG MARKETKansas Professor Finds 8,100 PricelessBeetles and Proves Himself aDavid Harum.Topeka, Kan. Kansas has the second largest entomological " collection in the world, and it: is just asnearly complete as the largest one,but does not have so many specimens.Kansas obtained this by cornering thebug market one year.Chancellor Snow, for many yearsthe head of the University of Kansasand for many years a professor there,found a little. bug in the western partof Kansas, of which there were buttwo known specimens in existence.He gathered up five gallons, abouteight thousand one hundred bugs, andannounced to bug collectors of theworld thikt he had some "tradin'stock.""Did anyone-have any duplicate setsof bugs they were willing to part within order to obtain a specimen of therarest beetle in existence?" The wordwent out to the entomologists of theentire world. The entomologists hadplenty of 'bugs that Kansas did nothave, so all one summer ChancellorSnow traded bugs, and when he gotrid of his 8,100 beetles Kansas ownedthe finest entomological collection inAmerica, and second only to that ofthe British museum.Chancellor Snow built up a bug collection worth $250,000 with his littlecorner on the rare beetle. When hecollected the five gallons of beetlesthere was one of the beetles at Harvard and another in the Britishmuseum, the only two specimens ofthe beetle known, and collectors fromall parts of the world sent $25 to obtain one of the Kansas beetles oragreed to trade that much worth ofbeetles tor one of the Kansas specimens. TO ENTERTAIN AT CAPITALMme. Schliemann, Wife of New GreekMinister, Will Lead in Washington Society This Season.Washington. Mme. Schliemann isthe wife of the new minister fromMme. Schliema'nn.the caPtal this season. Her charm of !i manner and gracious hospitality have jJ alieady made her a great favorite inj Washington society. !,; GfRL BAGS BIG BROWN BEAR1I !Eruin Weighed 471 Pounds and WasBusy Eating Plums When HeWas Killed.Cbico, Cal. lUiss Katie Berdan ofBerdan, a little settlement in the section of Chico, has gained an enviablereputation as a huntswoman. Sh has iseveral bear skins hanging in her.-i-kmr i nnVitnn nf V. It,.. -3 v. iivjuis ao uuiuiCB ui iuc uuui, auuueilast exploit was when she broughtdown a big brown bear that tipped thescales at 471 pounds.Miss Berdan was out gathering wildplumsj and while at work picking thefruit she heard a rustle in the busheson the opposite side of the patch.Looking up she saw a big bear eatingplums from the same patch. Miss Berdan always carries a 30-35 rifle, andshe took aim and brought bruin tothe ground frith, a bullet through hisneck.DROPS A FORTUNE IN ROADPackage of Bank Notes Lies in Dustfor an Entire Day BeforeBeing Discovered.Santa Ana,-Cal. A pocketbook containing $20,500 in, notes and securitieslay in the dust on the t road betweenSanta Ana and the Orange CountyCountry club, overlooking Newportbay. The property 'belonged to HenryBabson of Santa Ana, who had spentthe day at the Country club.As John Hughes, one of the caretakers at the club, was returning jhome after his day's work, he picked ,up the pocketbook and returned withit to the club, where Babson got itS fcg w f " recoTeiy..-oooLmrfXrs v C38HmoooBC X AjvS&BnB&BooooooooooooooomooLmLSwokoooo! v"- WBUowkoomK ' i iiTi Hknv tmiBmOIOOWOOWOOOOtc'' ?iUiipu'KJJ83MMHMmmWomi i M :M:mmiMomGIRLS!DRAW A MOIfCLOTH THROUGHHAIRTry This! Hair Gets Thick, Glossy,Wavy and Beautiful at Once.Immediate? Yes! Certain?that's the joy of it. Your hair becomes light, fluffy, wavy, abundant,and. appears as soft, lustrous andbeautiful as a young girl's after aDanderine hair cleanse. Jus t trythis moisten a cloth with a littleDanderineand carefully draw itthrough your hair, taking one smallstrand at a time. This will cleansethe hair of dust, dirt or excessive oiland in just a few moments you havedoubled the beauty of your hair. Adelightful surprise awaits - thosewhose hair has been neglected or isscraggy, faded, dry, brittle or thin.Besides beautifying the hair, Danderine dissolves every particle of dandruff; cleanses, purifies and invigorates ehe scalp, forever stopping itching and falling hair but what willplease you most will be after a fewweeks use, when you see fine newhairfine and downy at first yes butreally new hair growing all. over thescalp. If you care for pretty, softhair, and lots of it, surely get a 25cent bottle of Knowlton's Danderinefrom any drug store or toilet counterand just try it. ( adv)Earth's Diameter.What is the greatest diameter ofthe earth? "At the equator," is thecommon answer; this is not strictlytrue, for the actual diameter is modified by conditions on the surface. According to the eminent Professor Henkey, the greatest diameter is thattaken from the summit of Mount :"Jhimborazo, in Ecuador, 20,136 feet abovesea level. The line drawn about theearth from this point emerges on theopposite side on a high point on thecoast of Sumatra, giving a diameter of7,929 miles.BAD COLD? HEADACHYAND NOSE STUFFED?"Pape's Cold Compound" Ends theColds and Griype in a Few HoursTake "Pape's Cold Compound" every twe hours until you have takenthree doses, then all grippe miserygoes, and your cold will be broken,. ,It promptly opens your clogged-ij Jnostrils and the air passages, of the jhead; stops nasty discharges or nose Jrunning; relieves the headache, duU- j r9Mness, feverishness, sore throat, sneez 'ing, soreness and stiffness. ' lEBfcDon't stay stuffed up! Quit blow-1 Su -ingand snuffing: Ease your throb-1bing head nothing else in the wide jworm gives sucn prompt renet as"Pape's Cold Compound," which jcosts only 25 cents at any drugstore. It acts without assistance, :tastes nice, and causes no inconveni-1ence. Accept no substitute.(adv)As Ruth Saw It.Of couise little Ruth should have jbeen able to answer more preciselywhen the teacher asked her to de-.scribe a frog. But she gave a de- 'scription that at least is picturesquewhen she replied: "A frog, teacher, Jis a big gieen bug with warts all overit. And it keeps its mouth open all jthe time, and and and it's always Jsitting down behind and and stand-ing up in Iront."HOPELESSLUNGTROUBLECURED.recoveries from Lungare due to Dr. Bell's Pine-I TroublesTar-Honey. It strengthens theLungs, checks the Cough and givesi faliaF at r-nna. Kt XKT G Wi'lUnoGates, N. C, writes: "I used Dr.Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey in a case jgiven up as hopeless and it effecteda complete cure." Get a bottle o jDr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey and ifyour cough is dry and hacking let it Jtrickle down the throat, you willsurely get relief. Only 25c at your iuruggist. i(oct-adv)Pony's Remarkable Jump.A remarkable feat -was performedrecently by a polo pony belonging toif mcei;at Aldershot England when Jit cleared an eight-foot hedge beside ;t a railv.ay embankment. The animaltook fright in the village of Wey' bourne while being ridden by a lad,' who was thrown but uninjured.KEEPYOUR STOMACHAND LIVER HEALTHY.fA vigorous Stomach, perfect work- iirtcr T.l'vor a n A T'OoniloT' onfirn Bmirnlo 'luo -- ""u '-euu vnu& juuncia iis guaranteed itNew Life Pills.you use Dr. King'sThey insure goodingestion, correct constipation andhave an excellent tonic effect on thewhole system Purify your blood andrid you of all body poisons throughthe Bowels. Only sjoc at your druggist. (oct-adv)LOST.Between Paris and Cynthiana, twoweed chains from automobile. Suitable reward.121 HIGH ST., E. T.PHONE 193.(27-3t), Pjublfc Auction.I will sell 5 shares of the capitalstock of the Deposit and Peoples'Bank at public auction at 11 o'clock,on Monday, November 2, (cohrt day.)JOHN WILLIAMS, Agent..(27-2t)-4.Rooms For Rent.Furnished rooms for rent in a confortable home close to business cen-'ter. All "conveniences; convenient to,?ostoffice, opera house, churches, etcApply at this office, v.kfSrSSSfrSOl" SLLwLwLWLWooooooS-MISSED! The 2&01What else has he missed?4V OPPORTUNITY!C. Perhaps he didn't know the train time, his watch was wrong.C K he had had a phone he could have learned the train schedule; hecould have learned the correct time.C And in nine cases out of ten he could have telephoned and savedhours of time and not missed that opportunity.C The telephone in your house brings order into your life.Find out about our service today.Cbe Paris Rome telephone and Cekgrapb Cc(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.aurAREComplete.KIRSCHBAUMCLOTHESS15.00 and $20.00Other Values $10.00 and $12.50.Shoes $2.50 to $5.00. Full Line ofBoys' Clothing. Give .Us a Call.TwinClothing and Shoe DepartmentL. WOLLSTEIIN, Prop..sMtfw1 nm m iffJf" $glsllSgpiagl&;llliKINDLY CALL ATTwin is. Depanmenf stoie,Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, KyHandsome R e s i -denceFor Sale.My residence on Mt. Airy- is forsale. One of the most modern homesin Paris. Every convenience. Prospective "buyers are invited to inspectthe building and premises.(28jly-tf) , MRS.M. A- BATON7 -. 'v ! . . ' . -CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.Jail JLinesNOWrGUARANTEEDFallAnnouncement All the LatestFall Styles inDress Goods,Dry Goods,millinery, etc.We Can Please YouBargain Prices.Expert CarriagePainterMr. x-ercy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been omploved by Holiday & Stile, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast 8 yers has opened a shop- at thecorner of Fouth and High Streets, andsolicits the patronage of those needing anything in his IJne. -,BothPhones 583.BrosXjv "Mu-it,t( i.&& fA37.1&KUKE$3MIBE3I5wcmxBti&Eag 3-J.Sl-s-r .mm:-:41S91ItIs Time For You to ThinkAboutHEATINGSTOVESWe Have Every Kind of Heating andJCookingStove Made!THE RADIANT HOME best heatertheTworld.inTHE CELEBRATED WILSON! GASHEATER.THE O. K. LINE OE COOKING STOVES.Theyhavejioequal.In fact everything from the smallest tothelargest. See our line and get ourPrices.i:8i10CENT, "CASCXrETS" "WILL'STRAIGHTEN. YOU UP.H1 cYZLowry & Talbott.mmHfrWALTER MARTINERNEST MARTINNEW LIVERY STABLE!New Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.Horses Boarded By Day, Week or Month!Hauling of Every Description Done. Transfer Business a Specialty.iTonight. Clean Your. Bowels andEnd' Headaches, Colds, SourStomach.Get a ten cent box now.Turn the rascals out the headache, the biliousness, indigestion, thesick, sour stomach and bad coldsturn them out tonight and keep themout with Gascarets.Millions of men and women take aCascaret now and then and nefverknow the misery caused by a lazyliver, clogged bowels or an upsetstomach.Don't put in another day of disstomach; remove the sour, 'fermenting food; take the excess bile fromyour liver and carry out all the constipated waste matter and poison inthe bowels. Then you will feelgreat.A Cascaret tonight straightens youout by morning. They work whileyou sleep. A ten-cent box from anydrug store means a clear head, sweetstomach and clean healthy liver andbowel action for months. Childrenlove Cascarets bqcause they nevergripe or sicken. , (adv)SM OFlPfltESMethod of Serpent Farming inBrazil and India.South American Institution Where1,500 of .the Creatures Are Under "Observation Habit of Fer-de-Lance,Most Dreaded Snake.Skeleton Is Proof.That California was at one time thehome of almost every kind of animalhas received further proof by the discovery of a skull and other bones ofa huge wild boar in Imperial valley.The find was made on a big ranch,where a tractor plow was breaking upthe ground for a cotton field. Onetusk of the great pig lacks just afraction of being 10 inches long. Theother is broken.APPLY SLOAN'S FREELYFOR THE LUMBAGOYour attacks of Lumbago are notnearly so hopeless as they seem.You can relieve them almost instantly by a simple application ofSloan's Liniment on the back andloins". Lumbago is a form of rheumatism, and yields perfectly toSloan's, which penetrates quickly allin through the sore tender muscles,limbers up the back and makes itfeel fine. Get a bottle of Sloan'sLiniment for 25 cents of any druggist and have it in the houseagainst colds, sore and swollenjoints, rhenmatism, neuralgia, stiatica and like ailments. Your moneyback if. not satisfied, but it doesgive almost instant relief.(oct-adv)Oar stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streetplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROIS.Stables-EigthjSt., MainSt.Both PhonesOur Shadow.Everyone of us casts a shadow.There hangs above us a sort of penumbra a strange, indefinable something which we call the personal influence, which has its effect on everyother life on which it falls. It goeswith us wherever we go. It Is notsomething we can have when we will,as we lay aside a garment. It is something that always pours out from ourlife like light from a lamp, like heatfrom a flame, like perfume from aflower. J. R. Miller.WHAT WOULD YOU DO?i4(3&3&$QmNOWIS THE TIME ATo Buy Your Fall and Winter Shoes,The only thing youwant to know is the shoestore that sells the moststylish and most reliableshoes shoes that lookgood and are good vandgive you satisfaction inevery respect. This shoestore isThere are many times when oneman questions another's actions andmotives. Men act differently underdifferent circumstances. The question is, what would you do right nowyou do better than take ChamberIain's Cough Remedy? It is highlyrecommended by people who haveused it for years and know its value. Mrs. O. E. Sargent, Peru, Ind.,says, "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is worth its weight in gold andI take pleasure in recommending it."sale by all dealers.i (oct-adv)Cooks Held in High Honor.I There is no better proof of the deli-viiv,, yjL tuc uiccn i-iaianj Limn liichonor in which cooks were held. Theyplied their trade with the greatestfreedom, and, not being attached tothis master or that, they wre calledin by the rich on occasions of brilliantfestivity. What wonder then thecook's was a respectable profession,becoming a free man?J 'Form!The fashion planners announcethat the "bare knee" skirt will be onthe job next summer. If the kneesdo not make a better showing thanthe elbows the fashion won't lastlong.Feld's Shoe Store, IOn Main Street, Between Sixth and Seventh. fA- Bi4WHY-Jr take chances withr your fowls?Bourbon Poultry CurmIs absolute and quick death tothe germs of roup, corns anaother Infectious diseases. Afew drops in the drinking waterl kills the disease germs and prevents sickness. One 50c bottlemakes 12 gallons of medicine.At druggists, or by mail, postrpaid. Valuable poultry bookrfrce.Z E0UBB0N EE1XDY CO:, LenaiUn Ej.4raC- 7?t-messmmwmmmmFor Sale,About 350 shocks corn ; l 75 acres"bluegrass furnished to feed on.J. M. RUSSELL,, East Tennessee Phone 690.(octl31tf)Money Lost.Somewhere in Paris on Friday, Oct.16, a bill book containing $90 in currency, as follows. 2 twenty dollarbill; 2 ten dollar bills and 6 five dollar bills. A liberal reward will bepaid for its recovery.JAMES GINN,. Cumberland Phone 864,(23oct-3t)Paris, Ky.For Rent.Frame house on Second street.Apply at 315 Pleasant Street, E. T.Telephone 276, or at Paris BookStore, E. T. Telephone 562.A Happy Home(Read What Peruna Did)2.IH. James F. Summitt, No. 1006East Eighth St., Muscatine, Iowa,writes:"My health was so miserable foryears that I was practically an invalid. We had no family, owing tomy ill health. Ivas induced to givePeruna a trial, and found very quicklythat it was helping me."I amFor Sale.- Pony Saddle and Blanket forpony cart.. -Inquire at News office, tfnow well and happy. Wehave a baby boy, which we believe isthe direct consequence of my improved health. He is our first andonly child, and if Peruna had notcured me of my aibments we shouldnever have had him. I hope everysuffering woman will give Peruna atrial, the same as I have."Those who object to liquid medicines can now procure Peruna Tablets.f.New York. Serpent worship andsnake charming are institutions as oldas history, and so long as there havebeen snakes; so long has man sufferedfrom their bites and hunted for thatwhich would cure. But it has remained for modern science to buildinstitutions to cope with this matterintelligently and systematically andfor governments to spend thousandsof dollars annually that the work ofthese laboratories may be carried onand men be able to give their wholelives to the study of , this branch ofmedicine.Naturally these institutions existwhere snakes are most abundant. The6erpent is a reptile which loves thesun. They are about equally distributed throughout the tropical sectionsof the world, and as Brazil and Indiaare the two largest nations situatedin the torrid zone it is there that arefound the only two government snakefarms in the world; one at Calcuttaand the other in the outskirts of SaoPaulo.There are no English guides orguidebooks at Sao Paulo. Everythingis Portuguese; but if you have aknowledge of French, Spanish or German you can find somebody, perhapsa hotel waiter, who will tell you whattrain to take for Butantan, as thesnake farm is called, says a writer inthe New York Sun. The regular reception day of the men in charge ofthe Institute de Butantan is the firstThursday of the month; but thesnakes may be seen any time, as theyglide, undulate, climb, creep, wriggle,push their "way about in a city ofsmall beehive-looking houses surrounded by a moat and fence whichoccupies the front yard of the new institute building.The inc'.itution is fourteen years old,but it has enly occurred its presentfine home about a year. Not all of thesnakes are kept in this one corral.There is another in which there ar.e afew trees around at the side. In allthere are about 1,500 live snakes incaptivity on the farm which are usedfor bacteriological and biological research work. There is a large barn inthe rear where they raise pigeons andguinea pigs for experimental purposes.Inside the building one may see thewonderful collection of snakes ownedby the authorities. They have over300 species, the largest snake collection in the world, it is said, outsideof the British museum in London.The average visitor who cares tospend an hour or two there studyingthe reptiles can come away with amuch increased knowledge of thebeauty, structure and habits of theseanimals, for they are splendidly preserved and classified, the only drawback being that none of the labelingis in English.The purpose of this farm, whichcosts the Brazilian government about$40,000 a year, is not only to extractthe venom and make serum crystalsbut to send out literature and lecturers to teach the people of Brazil thatall snakes are not poisonous and thatthey must learn which are not so asto protect them, for the harmlesssnakes are helpers in the effort to exterminate those that are dangerous. Itwas very interesting to watch a .greatblack mussurama devour a venomousyellow jaiaraca, an exhibition whichthe students arranged for us duringour visit.The number of deaths in Brazil annually from snake bites is given as4,800, while the number of accidents isreckoned at 19,290.Brazil is the home'of the most dreaded of snakes, the noted fer-de-lance.This snake, so often spoken of in connection with the islands of Martiniqueand St. Lucia, is a native of Brazil,very common in some parts of thecountry. It has an especial liking forsugar cane fields, and one is seldomcut without many of these venomousreptiles being discovered. It was oneof these snakes that bit the empressJosephine when she was a child andher life was saved because a nursesucked the poison out.Most poisonous snakes avoid men,but not so this one. It takes the initiative, leaps from its hiding placeand bites the passer-by, who usuallydies within a few hours. Even if thevictim recovers his system is generally affected seriously and he may suffer for years from boils and ulcers.The poison of this 6nake attacks thenervous system, producing giddinessand paralysis.It is hard to avoid in its nativehaunts, where it lies curled up underheavy leaves, or coiled up in somebird's nest, where it has devoured theeggs or the young. It gives no warning by hiss or rattle of its presence,but watches its. chance and thenstrikes with a blow as direct as thatof a fencer.All animals seem to dread thissnake. A horse will not go withinstriking distance of it. The pig seemsto be the only quadruped which is indifferent to it.This snake varies in color, but itsusual tints are olive above with darkcross bands and whitish gray below,covered with very minute dark spots.The head is brown. It Is from five tosix feet long full grown.,V1i1-J-t-'- .9fiThis R is for You!If You Suffer From Hot hashes or dizziness fainting1 spells, hysteria, headache, beir-ing down pains, nervousnessall are symptomsof irregularity and female disturbances and aremmm not beyond relief. -Dr Pierce's Favorite Prescriptkwuucticu tu me reai cause ana promptly removes tne rlirn, .suppresses the pains and nervous symptoms and thereby briagscomfort in the place of prolonged misery.It has been sold by druggists for over 40 years, in fluid form, at5L0O per bottle, giving general satisfaction. It can now be had m.sugar coated tablet form, as modified by R.V. Pierce, M.D. Sold byall medicine dealers or trial box by mail on receipt of 50c in stamps.Every sick woman may consult us by letter, absolutely without charge;Write without-fear as without fee, to Faculty of the Invalids' HeteLDr.' V.M. PIERCE. President, 663 Main Street, Buffalo. New YkUK FIKKCETS nVEABAIiX FELIiaS XECUULTELUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enauirer.) .,,..The old-fashioned man who usedto kick about paying $25 per monthrent for an eight-room house, nowhas a son -who cheerfully kicks inwith $35 per month rent for a onestall garage.There are a whole lot of unselfishmen in the world just like the fellow who brings his wife home a bottle of sherry wine and then drinks itall himself.Every woman knows that she isthe only woman on earth who evermoved out of a house and left ftclean.Lots of lads who have only osr"suit always leave their money afc-chome Tn their othr clothes" whem,it is their turn to purchase. !A woman would rather hear jam.roasting her enemies than praisingher friends.Every time a man puts in twemty wminutes trying to find the beer opem-v - "J.er lie swears that he will bring a. 3yf--"1dozen openers home to-morrow. But ?he never does.Too much success and too much.booze always leave a man with a bighead.S:yj SPECIALS TIrOR THIS WEEK I' a.II14 pounds Granulated Sugar $1.00(With a $2.00 Purchase.)Fancy Northern Potatoes, per peck. 20c -Preserving Pears, per peck 25cGood Cooking Apples, per peck 20cPure Cider Vinegar, per gallon 30cTry some of our Coffee at 15, 20 and 25c lbAlaska Pink Salmon 2 cans for 25cThe besf Red Salmon 2 cans for 35cNew Dried Peaches per Ib.jSc, 10c, 12cNavy Beans, per pound: 7cBroken Rice, per pound 5cDon't sit and worry, but compare your lastmonth's bill with these prices and be convinced thatit will save you money to pay cash.x v.lenihanT.-C.Cash Grocer. Both Phones 234mmammmilmmmammmmmmmmmm"jftTHE 'PRUDENT MAATPRQTFCTSHIS HOME WTH A 'BANKA CCOUNT-wMoney PILED UP in the bank is the one sure .protec- ,tion against the storms of adversity. .No man who has a home and family should endangerthe security of his home or the comfort of his family shouldhe be taken away from them.MONEY IN THE BANK will best insure the cdmfbrtof a man's wife and children. As you earn money bank it.regularly and make your family independent.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest onSavings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPITAL . 4150,000.00SURPLUS -I... 50,000.00 . 'ST0CRH0LDERS, LIABILITY 150,000.00 ;rprotection to Depositors $3S0,00QJiS. E, BEDFORD, president. . C. K. JHOMAS, CmMm'-u--, v ' - . -.-, ' -. . ' -.".- i"--kJ-$?.-'V3jj . .3&v--4 "- jf -- w -', Vr..i,vrfiyt .. 'i -WV -r- iIiT' t f 1-',:-.iVA?,k. f rv ixf rajj.J JL' " 17 v.S""! . C jrV .,?"w"-J . .I" I-"F-HTffE BOURBOftfNEWS, PARiyfcYS, ;QGTpBER3,0 19141 ifOF MILLERSBURGMr. Tice Hutsell, of Pueblo, Col.,arrived Monday as the guest of hisarnt, Mrs. M. E. Martin.Mrs. C. B. Horton and daughter,of Richmond, arrived yesterday to bethe guests of Mrs. D. P. Jones.Dr. C. W. Mathers purchased on"Wednesday 39 head of feed cattle'Jrom Mr. Jas. Connell, of Paris, forwhich he paid 3,003.30.- Dr. C. B. Smith, Messers. W. V.Shaw, S. C. Bascom and It. L. Tarrvnll leave Tuesday for their annualIraating and fishing tour at Lake Village, Ark.Mr.G. S. Allen and sisters, Mes-dames Jennie Neal and Frankie Cook,lia-ye returned after k. rew days visit totheir brothers," J. K. -and S. R. Allen, atW-achester.' Mr, S. C. Bascom is building an.addition at the rear of his property-HOT7 pccupied by the M. E. Pruittfurniture store, which after the firstci , January will be converted into aZ.7Zge.Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Bascom and lit"tle daughter, Sue, Mr. J. T. Judy andTarsday Dr. Fisher received a letter fromwould give up her contract, and remain at Aurora. Of course thiswas a surprise to Dr. Fisher, who wasnot prepared to fill her Tplace orthe impulse of a moment. Her mother,Mrs. Nell, is still with us.LUKE. McLUKE SAYS:.The ladies of the Missionary Society of the Methodist Church held aninteresting all-day meeting Wednesday. The morning session was takenup with business meeting. At noonluncheon was served in the lecture jroom, in tne atternoon a most pleasing literary program was rendered.Miss Mulligan, of Wilmore, sister ofMrs. J. D. Redd, wno lias been engaged in missionary work in Africa,deli7ered an interesting address dealing with the mission work on the"dark continent." About 85 were present from the local society, from Paris,Carlisle and Sharpsburg.EVERY LOAD GUARANTEED.We guarantee every load of coalto givej satisfaction. Phones 336.(15-tf) J. H. BATTERTON.FOREST NOTES.As many as 72 different kinds ofMary Taylor returned Tuesday wood are used in the manufacture of2.rier a week's visit to relatives at In- umbrella handles, canes and whips indissapolis, Ind., stopping for a short; this country.tirae on their return with Mr. and Mrs. l " .Aaron McConnell, at Harrison, Ohio.Thsy report them doing well and highly pleased with their new home.Messers. W. R. Barnes and C. N.poliason continue about the same.Misses Lucile Daly, Mattie Butlercpd Lavinia Reynolds attended theAltmni banquet at the Kentucky Collegefor Women at Danville, Wednesday higlit. The members of the Alum--jnAssociation were guests at the Col. lege from Wednesday at noon. The"banquet was a big elaborate affair, thev occasion being the uedication of therecently completed collegej buildingwhich have been under way for somejoonths.Mrs. G. J. Mitchell, formerly Miss"Bstner K. Nell, has resigned her position as instructor in music at the M. F.C Mrs. Mitchell has been connectedWilli the college for several years, andlier principal work has been that ofinstructor in stringed instrument. She"was a most excellent teacher and agood violinist. During the time thatshe been in our midst she has' madexnauy life long friends.Last summer while Mrs. Mitchell,engaged to play in the orchestra atCrab Orchard Springs she met Mr. C.J. Mitchell, and in a few weeks, priorto the closing of her engagement theywere married in Louisville. She hadclosed her contract early in the summer with Dr. Fisher for the comingyezr at the college, and when she returned to Millersburg as Mrs. Mitchell,shortly after her marriage she expressed her wilingness to continue thecontract, and began her work at theopening of school. Last week, she-"west: to Louisville to join her husband.She secured the services of Miss Alma" Duke Jones to take her place duringher absence leaving Dr. Fisher and"Col. Best both under the impressionthai she would return on Monday.t Monday at noon Postmaster J. B.Cray received a letter requesting that, ner mail be torwarded Xo. Aurora, 111.,wiere she and Mr,mailing their future home. The sameAuthentic records show that cinders, from a forest fire in the treetops in Northern Washington this fallwere carried a distance of twentymiles.According to ' the latest availablefigures, Pennsylvania stands fifth inthe production of wood pulp and issecond to West Virginia in the amountof slabs and other sawmill wasteused for pulp; Maine stands third.The better wood engravings aremade almost exclusively of boxwood, as a Treasureand the larcft hlonks are rrinrlp nf i regards him assmall pieces glued together. The engraving is done across the end ofthe grain. Japanese wood prints, onthe other hand, are made on lengthwise sections of cherry wood parallel to the grain.Throughout the National foreststhe rangers are posting the roadswith permanent guide signs whichtell distances and directions, especially at forks and cross-roads. Thesigns are usually put up in winterwhen other work tends to be light.On some forests the rangers go onsnowshoes, dragging loaded sledsand nail the signboards to the roadside trees.The Philippine Bureau of Forestryhas recently invited bids for thecutting of nearly 300,000 acres ofchoice timberland on the public forests on the Island of Luzon.Officers of the Okanogan Nationalforest in the State of Washingtonare installing powerful signal lanternsfor night use in reporting forest firesfrom lookout peaks.SAVE YOUR COAL BILLS.When you get ready to lay in yourwinter coal we can save you money.Mitchell intended Phones 336.(15-tf) J J. H. BATTERTON.( CincinnatFEnsuirer.)When a woman has' a good shapeshe is mighty careless about fastening her kjniona at the top.The old-fashioned girl who used tohang a sheet over the looking glassso it couldn't see her when she wasdisrobing, now has a daughter whogoes downtown on a sunny day,wearing a smile and a lace curtain.We try to behave ourselves andmind our business. But it is hard tocontrol your emotions when you seea male Pansy giving a girl the Chautauqua Salute.You think that other people are"funny," but that is Just what they Jare thinking about you.Once in a- while you see a womanwho is all diamonds and complexion.And one is about as real as theother.The differecne between the outdoortan and the indoor tan. is that theindoor tan keeps your nose red allyear round.What bas become of the old-fashionedball player who wore sidewhiskers ?If a man had to go fishing for aliving he would want to stick aroundthe house all the time.A man is real proud of himselfwhen the first few children comealong. But after the tally runs up toseven or eight he begins to feel sorry for himself.Once in a while a girl is sov modestthat she has to Blush every time sheremembers the fact that Adam andEve were never Married.When the other women make funof it a woman always knows tliat shehas a good figure.No man will admit that he is conceited. But he knows that when hedies' he will have the longest funeralm town.Before marriage she regards himAfter marriage shea Treasury. -They are heret fellers, and theywill wear them this winter. They arecalled pantalettes, and will do awaywith skirts in cold weather. Theylook like the things a chorus ladywears in the March of the Amazons,only they have ruffles at the bottomaround the ankles.The men are all wasteful, improvident cusses. You never saw a manwho saved his combings for the daywhen he would need a toupee.Once in a while you will discover amarried man whose idea of Cruel andUnusal Punishment would be to haveto spend an evening at home.We know it happens, but did anybody ever see a girl she her legs andbegin wearing limbs?Flies, bugs and movie actors are ina class by themselves. They canwalk on the walls.If you have two or three hoursyou want to waste just ask a proudfather how his"" first baby is gettingalong.When a Princess lands a job sheknows that she is a Great Help to herparents, because she buys her ownstockings and chewing gum.Some of the 1913 June brides arenow usins: the bridal veils as flysprppns for the babv's cot. (Wearing long whiskers and owllike glasses won't make a man lookswise. A wise man seldom looks thepart.The old-fashioned woman who believed that her modesty should" blushunseen, now 'has a daughter whomakes her modesty the most conspicuous thing about her.The fool men do a lot of sillythings. But you never saw a manborrowa powder rag from anotherman and wipe the shine off his nose.Why is it that a bartender" willnever put your change on a dry spotif there are any beer puddles on thebar?Some fellows join the Navy to seethe sights and others get jobs asice men.A barber always make a hit witha man by telling him that he hasthe toughest beard in the world.The sort of man who holds outsomething that feels like a dead fishwhen you shake hands with him never has many friends.Why are the swellest suites in thehotels reserved for bridal couples?They never have time to look at thefurniture.Judging from the junk offered asfall styles in men's hats, the hat manufacturers must have imagined thatthis country was crowded with malesopranos.The difference between a WorkingGirl and a Chorus Girl is that aWorking Girl makes up evert' morning and a Chorus Girl never takesher make-up off.There was a time when a ' youngman went with a girl for six yearsand looked up her pedigree in theold Family Bible before he marriedher. But nowadays he gets a marriage license without ever looking ather teeth.Another reason for the High Costof 'Living is that most of the kitchenmechanics are trying to get on thestage.Material for Hash.Sir George Warrender, who wasonce obliged to put off a dinner partyin consequence of the death of a relative, and sat down to a haunch ofvenison by himself, said to the butler while eating: "John, this will makecapital hash tomorrow." "Yes, SirGeorge," replied the servant, "if youleave off now."Things That Inspire.A great integrity makes us immortal; an inspiration, an admiration, adeep love, a strong will, lifts us abovefear. It makes a day memorable. Wesay we lived years in that hour.Emerson.' X.tmmm immmwOne Day's Special!SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31.BestPure2cLeaf LardPerPoundNiceBaldwin cripples20c Per PeckPotatoes, 20c a PeckLARGE AND MEALYBUSY BEE 6flSfl STOREFee's Old Stand, Main St., Paris, Ky.lTl8"i"M"I"H"'t"l'I"HiIiiiiiiIi.;i.j...wt,M. J. MURPHY CO.'SCOMBINATION SALE!W? Will Sell at Our Stock Yards, onMonday, Nov.(Court Day) the following stock:Five good brood mares, all good workers and2,IVNow They Don't Speak."He seems determined to kiss me,"remarked the girl who was fishing forcompliment. "I wonder why?" "Hardto tell," said the other girl. "This isthe season for freak bets." PittsburghPost.Natural Result,"lie was always too proud." "He hasswallowed his pride." "What has happened to him?" "lie's busted." "Hemight have known if he ever swallowed his pride it would bust him."in foal to jack; also half-bred spotted pony mare,eigiiL years oiu ana ciiy oroKe; aiso one two-year-oldfilly pony out of above mare by Locanda, gentle andbroke, and will make a splendie roadster; also three-year-oldchestnut saddle filly, sound and broke tosaddle; also six head of work mares and geldings20 head of Jersey cows, some fresh now, others willoe oy uciy or saie.iYou can laugh at the corn-fed allyou please. But you can bet thatshe doesn't waste any of her hard-earned money buyin: i 'iHHHHPHHIHiMIIMflMI(HHB9!SHEiWflH VHbVHBbIWHIf you want good stock come in and bid ontheseM. J. MURPHY & 60.bust developer.j JMlt.fi.lM.IitT1Tt.I.ilMtiIIt.IlM7Tt.lMT.i.?.?..XiiX.iXt.I.tI.ir.iIt....I..j..j..T.3 i i;-iIuH"MiiT.,T; j.yw. OKw -xLK-JSAVE MONEYIn Paris and Vicinity There isINo Place LikeuWIUVERDANPari9COHEN 9Greatest Shoe StoreFor VaSuc and Styfle AssortmentRSI1IiszsMost of the girls are so anxiuos tomeet their fate that they go lookingI for him. ' 'WALKOVERReady cash, greaf distributing power and commercial alertness combined with our system of Less Profits &and More VoIu?ne of Business shows plainly why the best dressers of Paris and vicinity make our store theirHeadquarters For Men's, Women's and Children's Footwear.Visit our store and be convinced of these facts.Just A Few Of The Many Values and Styles:Ladies' Patent Colt or Gun Metal Calf,cloth top, Louis heel, of quality and style " .which you will find elsewhere at 85.00,'our price $3.49Ladies' Patent Kid, cloth or mat. top,best quality and workmanship, $4.00 values at.Ladies' Gun Metal or Patent Kid, clothtop, all styles, custom made, atLadies' Gun Metal and Patent, low ormedium heej, gun metal and lace, 3.00values atLadies' Kid and Gun Metal, $2.C0 valuesat2.491.991.49Men's Platinum Calf or Russ., 'Englishlast, Walk-Over, of quality and stylewhich you will find elsewhere at $7.00,our price 3.uuMen's Russ. oivGun Metal, Walk-Overand Beacon makes, all styles, $5.00 values at . . 4.00Men's Gun Metal or Russ., English lastor broad last, of the famous Walk-Over 3.50Men's Tan and Gun fetal, bench made,all lasts, $4.00 values ,at 2.99Men's Gun Metal, button and lace, dressyand good wearing shoes, $3.00 valuesat 1 .99NacTSiiyr 1 h -j (Copyright, by McClure Syndicate.;3HiwJ(Copyright, by ilcClure Syndicate.)A woman doesn't husband her 'sources when she puts her propj:in his name.MTI"The largest assortment of Boys', Misses' and Children' Shoes at all prices.Rubbers of All Descriptions at Lowest Prices.Men's' Special Brownstone Work Shoe, with Anti-Leak Cork Welt, atJOur. Place Only. 1Greatestflvliere IB&SLULtyCOHEN'Setxiici. Econojoiy Reign !fed qayZ-' 1 .'Uwj f-gjnim"Tho boot investment I ever madeand it only coot $15.'The Yictor-Victrola amuses and educates the children, and makes the who!family happy.! It brings into the home a wealth of music that is ov-' of all proportion to its small cost.You, can get a 'Victor or Victor-Yict'rola right awayon our easy-payment plan. 15 to $200 for a VictorVictrola. 10 to Siob for a Victor.Coirc in and sec and hear the different styles.Daupneuu Bios.mftnftAftftftmftftftftftftftftftftiiftaita(jcftJk i -.,". , v- r . iiT avc.'