3v ". vJ1v ; -r,a-; ' f rVir,i -I..-BOURBONxriuPUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARSr "OLUMEJPCXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1914.t . -" . fc rj j . - -w- ,. ...- - siALEXANDERCONVICTEDFris Banker Convicted andSentenced to Penitentiaryat Special Term.SAYS "NOT MORALLY GUILTY.'K"v Occupying A Cell InThe Bourbon CountyJail.t ashed and humiliated in spirit,- slill defiant and proclaiming hisiv icence, Geo. -Alexander, the Presiir t and wrecker of the bank whichc rs his name, is to-day behind thel3r of the Bourbon county pail, aco-iicted felon. It was generally believed by the public that somethingn the nature of a surprise would besprung in the case when Mr. Alexander appeared yesterday morning toplead to the eleven indictments uponVnich the prosecution had electedto try him. Consequently the courtrocm was crowded when both prosecution and defense announced they-ere ready for trial.Just four minutes were consumed inobtaining a jury, and after ProsecutingAttorney Victor Bradley had read seven of the indictments to the jury heannounced that the defense wished toeater a plea of guilty to each, which3iad been accepted by the prosecution.The first of the seven indictmentscharged Mr. Alexander with unlawfully and feloniously altering and erasinga book owned by the bank by erasingan item of $12,000 from the debit sideof his account and placing it to hiscredit. The other six indictmentscharged him with placing dead notesin each instance and placing themamong the assets of the bank, placingthe amount of each note to his indiidual credit. To all of these Mr. Al-TOBACCO SALES.The Bourbon Tobacco "WarehouseCompany sold Saturday 218,025pounds of tobacco for $18,521.06, anaverage of 8.48.The market was the best of theseason, both as to size of offeringsand prices. The ring of bids, wellup in the teens, was a reminder ofother days. A small per cent of better tobacco is now coming in, butmany farmers are marketing lowgrades exclusively, which makes thetotal offerings contain a large percent of poor tobacco.Herbert Sledd sold Saturday hisfirst crop, it being a measured acre.The yield was 1,940 pounds, whichbrought $284, an average of $14.64.The highest priced basket of thesale was- from thee rop of Caywood & Fletcher, bringing $27.50, theAmercan being the buyer, and thecrop averagin $13.46.A record price for flyings wasI reached by George W. Wyatt, Jr.,selling a basket at $16.75. SBmecrop averages follow:Herbert' Sledd, 1,940 pounds for$284, average $14.64; Snapp & Snapp,995 pounds for $142.70, average $14.34; Cay wood &. Fletcher, 5,507 poundsfor $750.07, average $13.46; Wyatt &Talbott, 1,700 pounds for $234.37, average $12.29; Ardery & Brooks, 3,o7upounds for $419.09, average $11.73;Young & Brooks, 2,360 pounds for$265.21, average $11.25; Meteer &Ginn, 4,285 pounds for $481.95, average $11.20; J. W. Thomas, 5,560nounds for $624.83. average $11.24;Plummer & McClure, 6,820 pounds for$764.52, average $11.21; Hutchcraft& Linville, 7,920 pounds for $950.36,average $11.99; Clark & McClain, 4,990pounds for $501.26, average $10.2U.CLAY'S SAUSAGE.SAFE ROBBED OF $200.When Thos. F. Brannon left hisplace of business at midnight Saturday he forgot to lock his safe, beingunder the impression that it wouldhardly be worth any thief s time to gothrough it. Mr. Brannon also forgotthat the safe held $205 in moneybesides a lot of checks. When he returned on Monday morning to openup he discovered that some one hadeffected an entrance by breaking outthe glass in a real- window, and hadappropriated the $200, leaving thecheeks and a $5 bill for a nest eggwith which to start the wheels ofcommerce in action Monday morning.None of -the stock was missing, asthe thieves seemed intent only uponsecuring the cash.The same parties broke into the tin.shop of Mr. Dan Lenihan adjoiningthe Brannon place, and built up a firein the stove, evidently spending thenight there Nothing was taken fromthe storeriviitcneii &Blakemore'sSui.mmmmW'WWW.Ch$1.00 PER QUART.Try a quart of eight year old SamClay, $1 per quart, at Ed. Slattery's.(x)Insist upon Clay's sausage 15-5tCOLD WEATHER.Phone your order for BestCoal to Phones 14.tf CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.SANTA CLAUS HEADQUARTRS.In your round shopping for toys, etc.,don't fail to visit our store lots ofthings to please the little folks, suchas express wagons, velocipedes, fireworks, nuts, candies and the besteiander entered a plea of guilty, aftera general demurrer to each isdictmentnaa oeen overruled oy uie cuuiu, wuu frnit nf all Wndsalso overruled a motion for arrest. of , T A MOORE & COjudgment in each case. Upon peremp- v 'frr instructions from tli3 Court thejury rendered a verdict of guilty int&ch of the seven cases.Tn pronouncing sentence the Courtfcaid:"fimrsre Alexander, you were indicted by the Grand Jury of the -Bowsl'Oi Circuit Court, at theUune term,1SI, charged with unlawfully andfeloniously altering and erasing ahook owned by a bank with the intention of cheating and defrauding saidbank. To this charge you entered ap.ea of "not guilty," and afterwards-witdrevr that plea and entered a plean "miiltv." whereupon came a juryaLd found you guilty of the indictment, i"Have you any legal cause or excuse to offer or to show why sentencerv.ould not be pronounced againstMr. Alexander replied: lourhonor, in the opinion of the' Court, Iiuav have been guilty, but I have never believed I was morally guilty. II'ieved I was good for all I did."he Court then continued:The excuse you offer going intoth' morals of the crime is not a legalThe crime is illegally commitORANGES BY THE BOX.Call early and get the size you want.C. P. COOK & CO..SANTA CLAUS HEADQUARTERS.In your rounds shopping for toys,etc., don't fail to visit our store lotsof things to please the little folks,such as express wagons, velocipedes,fire works, nuts, candies and the bestfruits of all kinds.(x) N. A. MOORE & CO.rismctsJor jrfim.fSift-fFor Father, Brother and Sweetheart appropriate gilts thatwill make each one happy, and not be so expensive for the onewho gives. New Christmas Novelties at this store within thereach o! all.PROMINENT RAILROAD MANDIES OF A HEMORRHAGETHE GOODS TALK.Nothingbut the bestand no running downanv one's s o o d s.Strictly " upright andfirst class.A. J. Winters Sc Co.(18-lt)GOOD CANDY.Try Mrs. Cook's home-made candy.C. P. COOK & CO.BIG PURCHASE OF CATTLE.Eugene Zimmerman, former President of the Cincinnati, Hamilton &Dayton Railway, and wealthy financier, died suddenly at his club in Cincinnati, late Sunday, from hemorrhageof the lungs. Mr. Zimmerman wasthe father of the Duchess of Manchester. Mr. Zimmerman was active in bringing about the union of the two roadsand prominent in the sale of the Cincinnati, Hamilton & Dayton, whichfor the second time is in the hands ofa receiver. After the war he engagedin railroad construction work and became leading contracting engineer.The large Chesapeake & Ohio bridgeover the Ohio River at Cincinnatiwas designed by him and built underhis supervision.His only child, Helena, married theDuke of Manchester in 1900, afterwhich Mr, Zimmerman spent much ofHis time in Europe.SANTA CLAUS' HEADQUARTERS.BATH ROBESSMOKING JACKETSHOUSE COATSPERSIAN LAMB KNIT VESTSCOAT SWEATERSINITIAL HANDKERCHIEFSFANCY HANDKERCHIEFSJAPANESE SILKSCOMBINATION SETSTOILET SETSCOLLAR BAGSNECKTIE RINGS AND HOLDERS 'DRINKING FLASK l(And Cups With , Leather Covers)NECKWEAR, MUFFLERS, iUMBRELLASTRAVELING SETSTRAVELING BAGSFINE LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS V i(In Leather Cases.) KAs usual our store will be SantaClaus' headquarters this year thesame as in years past, only on a largerscale. Great bargains in toys, games,candies, nuts, fruits, eto. Suitablegifts for the little ones, such as velocipedes, Irish Mails, roller and iceskates, wagons, drums, guns, fireworks, fancy baskets, magic lanterns,WEVERYTHING NEWNovelties not to be found anywhere except at this store.Mitchell & Blakemore,IThe Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckyonOver four thousand fat cattle, des-j fact, everything that is calculatedtined for the Christmas export trade, j to please the children Bring thehave been purchased in this and ad- cash and we will save you money onoining counties this season by Mr. your holiday Purchases. IHenry S. Caywood, of the firm of W LAVIN & CONfrELL.Cavwood & McClintock, of Paris.!The cash value of the cattle is in j THE NEW CASH SHOEPTness of S500.000. i STORE AND NEW STOCK.The cattle, which were purchasedTed, and the explanation and excusevou offer is not a legal one, althoughh may be, and undoubtedly is, onevaich would acquit you in the forumo: your opinion asd that is a great.nicfnt-inn t hpvft no doubt, thejrre'atest satisfaction you have underthese circumstances. It is my autunder the law to sentence you for anindeterminate period of not less thanro nor more than ten years in thepenitentiary, under indictment number527"The other six indictments beingnumbers 516, 519, 521, 526 and 498,charge you with embezzlement.Have you any legal cause or excuseto show why judgment of the courtshould not be pronounced against youunder these indictments?"-Nothing more than I have aireauyjaid," replied Mr. Alexander."Then it is the order of the Courtthat you be taken to the penitentiaryand there confined for an indeterminate period of not less than one yearand not more than ten years. Eachterm to begin at the expiration of theformer term.' , , .The prisoner was then placed in-v custody of Jailer Jos. Farris. In. m.any with his wife, daughters and.atives, they entered a waiting auto-r,bile and were driven to the jau' -. Alexander will occupy a cell in the., nf vi in.il. which he will' nwaWV furnished, and his.oals will be sent to him by relatives. ,The base will be taken on appeal tore Court of Appeals by Mr. Alexander's attorneys.GIVE SERVICEABLE GIFTS.Select them at a man's store, hereyou know the quality is right. Sucha store is ours. nJ. .W DAVIS & CO.for the account of Swift & Co., themeat packers, weighed from 1,250 to1,400 pounds, were shipped to themarket in New York. They costfrom 7.25 to ?8.50 per hundredpounds.Of the above amount 2,000 cattlewere bought in Madison county, forwhich he paid upwards of $250,000.Mr. Caywood was in Richmond recently, from where he shipped four carloads of cattle to New York, forwhich he paid from ?7.25 to ?8 perhundred pounds.Among Mr. Caywood's purchases inBourbon were: 41 head from Mr. W.B Wopdford, at ?8.25 per hundred;50 head from Mr. Catesby Woodford,Jr., at $9 per hundred and $1 perhead extra; 20 head from Mr. ArthurHancock, at $8 per hundred and ?1per head extra.Don't forget we are at the same oldstand with an entirely new line ofmen's, women's and children's shoes.(x) GEO. McWILLIAMS.PHOTOGRAPHS FOR CHRISTMAS.I will make sittings up to and including Wednesday, Dec. 23, and deliver the work Christmas Eve. Owingto the rush, I have discontinued allcheap work.(15-3t) A. R. JOHNS.BALDWIN'SSPECIALS!A. 1C7FRANKCO.WILL REMAIN IN PARIS.THINK Of IT.the reliable Wintersstore for $3.75 to$1,000.00.(18-lt)DELICIOUS FRUITS.The report that Mr. Ed. Slattery, ofthe Slattery Cafe, in this city, wouldremove to Lexington and become interested in the Mecca Cafe in thatcity, was mere rumor, and has beenflatly contradicted by Mr. .Slattery,who says he will most assuredly remain in Paris.The Mecca, with a cafe and hotelDiamond RingS at combined, was purchased by Mr.bought it as an investment, and notas agent, as was reported. Mr. Thompson will remodel all the rooms on thesecond floor, and will make somematerial alterations in the cafe andshort lunch counter, which has always been a popular feature of TheCall and see us for your Christmascandy delicious fruits and otherholiday supplies.(X) J. E. CRAVEN.CHRISTMAS TREES.TURKEYS.We have a good stock of ChristmasTrees, both large and small, well-selected.Come early.(18-2t) LAVIN & CONNBLLi.CLAY'S SAUSAGE.MeccaMr. Thompson will move with hisfamily to Lexington. Mr. JosephWells will continue "fn his positionunder Mr. Thompson.WILL SAVE YOU MONEY.Dressed TurkeysDressed GeeseDressed HensSelect OystersCeleryCauliflowerCranberriesPlum PuddlingNew Mincemeat iPecan CakesFruit CakesSPECIAL SALEHigh Class Suitsand CloaksfeAV40 SUITSAT $10.00 EACH.Worth Up To $23.75.35 SUITSAT $15.00 EACHWorth Up To $35.00XInsist upon Clay's sausage lo-5tNEW POSTMASTERAT LEXINGTON.Don't fail to read bur advertisementon page thre of this issue. We will j 5save you money on groceries. Bring ithe cash to our store and get morethan you can elesewhere. Read ourprices.(15-4t) T. C. LENIHAN.Clay's Sausage.Call and inspect our iXmas Nuts,Fruits and IFancy CandiesBefore Buying.S'iise us vour order and know thatj;oi will have one ready.C. P. COOK & CO.A FINE LINE.A fine7 line of Christmas candies.Leave Vour ..order earlyIVJ. E. CRAVEN.The Senate has. confirmed the nomination of Mr. Moses Kaufman to bepostmaster at Lexington, and he willshortly receive his commission. Mr.Kaufman is one of the best knownbusiness men in Central Kentucky,.lInK head of the firm of Kaufman,1 w 4 - . .. , ,,DELIVERED WHEN YOU LIKEGive something worth while,. Any- jthing in our line will make suitablenmoantc TThii-nif iito' "Rllpro "PllfVf.t.rn- Aliers, Pictures, Etc! Delivered when tyoif wish: - r(It) " THE J. T. HINTON UU. ?BALDWINBROS.. ,""Christmas HosieryPut up in fancy boxes all ready for the giving. No advance in prices.Presents For EverybodyThe Sensible Kind. See Our DisplayChristmas NoveltiesFrench and Pyralin Ivory, Toilet Sets and1-- ,Separate Pieces. V,-Bring the Children ToOur Toy DepartmentFRANK & CO,The Store Where ReUabilkyRelgns.E. CRAVEN. Strauss & Co., in tnax-cuy. (ig uhu j. i. wiiNiuiN yu. ---- ---------- IlllTllllilllllllllllilMIIIIIIIIIIIIMMllllliUlU f5-,'1 --Z r i. -V'Wt,-vTHE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS KENTUCKY, DECEMBER. 1914-. - - .Af tnnMi kn urc BTi JDJCUJl1Ci7NrXX.lSK--"-' .- 3 . 1 't ,-- -kr ' - r ' V I ft ..". ' , . " ? -1'IIiThe Bourbon NewsCsxabhshed i&m 32 Years of Continouuus Publication.6WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Pans. Kentucky.Postoffice as Mail Matter of the jSecond Class.) IOne Year $2.00-Six Months. $1.00 jPayable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and Fridayt ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perSuch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeah issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.ipace is a newspaper s stocn intrr.rtf ivi Rftnrr.fi nf tpvptuip 'BANDIT AND POLICEMAN JVICTIMS OF TRAGEDY.BANDIT ROE? T5ANTC.CINCINNATI, Doc. lY-Tk- policoto-day are searching fur the lki"0obtained by Frank G. Holil, automobilebandit, from the two banks he held upand robbed Thursday before- he wasmortally shot in a pistol duel withthree police officers.Patrolman Edward Knaul, the policeman shot by Holil, was operated onearlyto-day, but the attending physiciansheld out very little hope for hisTecovery.Hohl's body still lies unclaimed atthe city hospLal. His wife, Mrs. Bertha Hohl, who was arrested lastnight, declared she would not claimthe body. She denied knowing anything about the robberies, saying sheeven was ignorant of the fact thatHohl had been in the city.Mrs. Holil said her husband left hermore than a year ago because shewould not take an active part in hiscareer of crime.The life of Holil, who was a noto- jrious automobile bandit, ended Thursday following a three hours' career,which' included the robbing of two Cincinnati banks, the theft of an automobile, and a pistol duel with policemen,"wh'ich ended with the almost certainlyfatal wounds to one officer and thedeath of the bandit.Thirteen thousand and one hundreddollars are missing as the result ofthe bank robberies and the police areconfident that Hohl in his wild autodrive managed to pass this moneyalong to some confederate.POLICEMAN DIES.CINCINNATI, O., Dec. 18. 3 p. mPoliceman Edward Knaul, who wasshot by Frank G. Hohl, the automobilebandit, while trying to arrest the latter yesterday after two banks hadbeen robbed, died at thehospital today from pistol wounds received in theduel with Hohl. Knaul was shot-Tmir timf Tlir nnlire wern busv to-T -" ,.:ay searcniug Lor anouier-woiuanwhom they eblieve was the bandit'sconlederate and to whom they thinkhe managed to give the $13,000 that heobtained from the two banks.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)The quietest way to go broke is totry to get rich quick.What has become of the old-fashionedman o used to play "cats" anddo "dogs" in poker?The Hi Cost of Living was only apup in the days when a household wasawakened every morning by the musicof a coffee grinder.Every woman dres-is to pleise other men and to displease orher women.A man can have a face like aCubist puzzle and yet the woman he is.good to will think he, is handsome.Marriage may be a lottery to the.girls under 25. But to the older girlsit is a grab bag.The trouble with the man who is always thinking about his own achievements is that he isn't talking aboutours.you never realize how dangerous athing a little learning is until you hearsome girls trying to play the piano.Another pretty safe bet is that youwill not get into much trouble if youlet the other man do all the thinking.What has become of the old-fashionedumbrella that used to have a tagon the inside with the inscription:"Stolen From John Jones?"A grouch is a man who can eatlieartily when a' pretty girl is watchinghim.Daughter gets the backache if shehas to peel a few potatoes for Mother.But she can dance the Chicken Flip$qx five hours and holler for more.V. ORANGES BY THE BOX;t2all early and get the size youvant.15-tf) C. P. COOK & CO.Don't put oft your shoppinguntil the last minute DO ITNOW.Don't aste time in buyinghaphazard.Don't let impulse lead youto choose inferior articles ort pay high prices.Shop early early in themorning, if possible, and plan'yur- Christmas lists in adTance. Sit down with t he BourbonNews in your hand, run youreye over the advertising pagesaad make your plans accordingly-The advertising willnot only only give you manysplendid suggestions, but itwfH''alo post you as to the' bet pfoce to buy among theNew' 'advertisers "the home- foJfolks."WARAS A BUS1NESImpressions of Visitor to GermanGreat Headquarters.Campaign Conducted With the Efficiency of a Great American CorporationNew Steel HospitalTrains Perfectly Appointed.London. A newspaper correspondent writing from Luxembourg says:I have just returned from the German great headquarters in France, thevisit terminating abruptly on thefourth day, when one of the kaiser'ssecret field police woke me up at seven o'clock in the morning and regretfully said that his instructions wereto see that 1 'did not oversleep' thefirst train out. The return journeyalong one of the German main lines ofcommunication through EasternFrance, across a corner of Belgium,and through Luxembourg was full ofinterest, and confirmed the impressiongathered at the center of things, thegreat headquarters, that this twentiethcentury warfare is in the last analysisa gigantic business proposition whichthe board of directors (the grent general staff) and the 3G departmentheads are' conducting with the efficiency of a great American businesscorporation.The west-bound track is a continuous procession of freight trainsfresh consignments ot raw material,men and ammunition, being rushed tothe firing line to be ground out intovictories.Our fast train stops at the mouth ofa tunnel, then crawls ahead charily,for the French, before retreating, dynamited the tunnek One track hasbeen cleared, but the going is stillbad.. To keep it from being blockedagain by falling debris, the Germanshave dug clean through the top of thehill, opening up a deep well of lightinto the tunnel. Looking up, you seea pioneer company in once cream-colored,now dirty-colored, fatigue uniforms still digging away and terracingthe sides of the big hole to preventslides. Half an hour later we go slowagain in crossing a new wooden bridgeover the Meuse only one track asyet. It took the German pioneersnearly a week to build the substitutefor the old steel railway bridge, dynamited by the French, whose four spanslie buckled up in the river.Further on a variety of interest isfurnished by a squad of French prisoners being marched along the road.Then a spot of anthill-like activitywhere 'a German railway company isat work building a new branch line,hundreds of them having pickaxes andmaking the dirt fly. It looks likehome all except the inevitable oOcer (distinguished by revolver andfieldglass) shouting commands.The intense activity of the Germansin rebuilding the torn-up railroads andpushing ahead new strategic lines isone of the most interesting features ofa tour now in France. I was told thatthey had pushed the railroad work sofar that they were able to ship menand ammunition almost up to the fortified trenches. The Germanization ofthe railroads here has been completedby the importation of station superintendents, station hands, track-walkers,etc., from the Fatherland.Now we creep past a long hospitaltrain, full this time, which has turnedout on a siding to give us the right ofway perhaps thirty all-steel cars,each fitted with two tiers of berths,eight to a side, 16 to a car. Everyberth is taken. One car is fitted up asan operating room, but fortunately noone is on the operating table as wecrawl past. Another car is the privateoffice of the surgeon in charge of thetrain. He is sitting at -a big desk receiving reports from the orderlies.During the day we pass six of thesesplendidly-appointed new all-steel hospital trains, all full of wounded. Someof them are able to sit up in theirbunks and take a mild interest in us.Once, by a queer coincidence, we simultaneously pass the wounded goingone way and cheering fresh troops going the other.UNEARTH A 60-FOOT LIZARDWorkmen on State Highway Find Unusual Petrified Specimen inColorado.Denver, ColoWhat is believed to!be the remains of a prehistoric petri-fied lizard of the dinosaurian period-has been unearthed here by workmen jemployed on the state highway bejtween Frankfort and Elizabeth, injDouglas county. The giant specimen,!which in life was fully s'xty feet in!length and was in type half animal'and half reptile, is believed to be pre- j ents I was with made a careful invesserved in its entirety, according to! tigation of every atrocity story thatword received by State Highway Com- reached us," he said. "They were almissioner T. J. Ehrhart. m0st invariably false, and in the fewThe mammoth petrification rests on ia lormation of sandstone and is beneath a layer of rock containingstreaks of onyx. This suggests aquaticlife.Swordftsh Was Menace.'San Francisco. Fishermen towedinto port a formidable submarinewhich they captured 35 miles out ofthe Golden Gate. It was hovering inthe offing, a menace to navigation andflying no national colors. The submarine is a swordfish, probably thelargest of the few that have ever beencaptured in these waters. It measures,including its four-foot sword, a dozenHOPELESS FOR ANY0 DESCRIBEIt Is Too Big to Be Reported in Words and the Writer Is SimplyOverwhelmed by the Immensity of It Most Appalling ScenesNot Those of the Battlefields, But of the Base HospitalsNo Picturesqueness in the Struggle.By IRVIN S. COBB,Special War Correspondent of the Sat- thousand German soldiers, many ofurday Evening Post. them wounded, and thousands of Bel-New York. Irvin Cobb, war corre- Sian French and English prisoners,spondent and humorist, has brought j many of them also wounded; and beback with him from the battlefields, of sides this I talked to doctors, who,Belgium and northern France the themselves, had attended to thousandschief impression that it is hopeless of wounded. I did not see a singlefor any man to attempt to describe the ; bayonet-wound, and I did not hear ofwar. The English language cannot do any men who had been wounded byit, he says, nor any other language, bayopets. While I was in Englandand it is interesting to hear Cobb, early in the campaign, one soldier waswho is one of the best reporters who sent back from France with a bayonetever covered a story, tell why this war . wound, but it came out that he hadcannot be written. j Deen nuit accidentally by falling on a"We have used up all our adjectives comrade's bayonet. Neither did I hearon five-alarm fires, gang-murders, Slo-, of any lance-wounds. Aside from thecum disasters, political conventions," early days of the war, there has beenCobb said to a reporter of the New very little cavalry-charging, I think.York Evening Post. "We haven't got Most of the wounded we saw had beenanything left for such a war, and it , hit by shrapnel."seems pitifully inadequate to Call back j Need 0f Censorship.on the stociv phrases, it s too Dig tocomprehend. You start out in thei-m-nircr -ivi l-i Viq lioof lntoTitinnc rm.o;r 41,0 fonto f OVOnfc nnH writ-5IU01)11I(-, lUt IM..1,.3 V- v-.Vi..J .ing a bully story, and you come homein .the evening dazed and brow-beaten.There never has been anything like it.Here you get a Gettysburg for breakfast, a Chancellorsville for lunch,Waterloo tor supper, and, to make agood measure, they throw in a Sedanaround tea-time."It is simply impossible, for instance, to tell how a hundred thousand men died. You can't write it,and the people who read it couldn'trealize the horror of it. They wouldbe too staggered, too amazed by theproportions of the statement. Whatyou can do, though, is to pick out thestory of how one man died, and tellthat, making him typical of the hundred thousand or the million or whatever the figures may be. As for casualties, I'm convinced they have beenmuch greater than any of the combatants has admitted. I should notattempt toiipss thpm because itwould be absurd to. hazard a venturein figures so large. You could onlyapproximate it by hundreds of thousands. The Track of an Army."One thing that impressed me wasthe way in which you become habituated to the terrible side of war. Thefirst time I saw Germans enter a captured town, I thrilled all over; thefirst time I saw a dead soldier I feltthat I could write a whole storyaround that one fact. But after a littletime I found that the most distressingscenes of ruin, death and desolationmade very little concrete impressionupon me. As a matter of fact, onedead man is a great deal more distressing than several hur.Crcd or athousand, and the most appallingscenes I witnessed were not those on i4Via 1-itlofiollo 1-mf in tVio lnr lins- !,!.. nr. !,, xvnvo ,iv,w,tnem in ll'citl, terse languagej-iiLiiia lici ; ijj vijuijj v- -.. ..0 ,out of sound of the guns."Anyhow the worst thing about a ;battlefield isn't how it looks but .how ,it smells theawful stench of un-buriedfumes, of human sweat, of rotting .corn, of damp, ruined houses. That'is the way it affected me: Yet it is re-!markablehow efficiently nature worksto cover up the traces of war. Visitthe same scene a few weeks later, and !you'll find grass growing in the rutsmade by the cannon, new foliageburgeoning on trees that were strippedbare, and most of the disagreeabletraces of death removed. It takes verylittle time for nature to obliterate thetrack of an army."Even so, however, I am convincedthat the after-effects of this war willbe incalculable. I should not care totry to estimate the time it will takethe winner to recover from it; 50 yearsis a moderate guess and means comparatively little except in a suggestivesense. The loser, I am convinced, willscarcely ever recover froni it. Belgium, it is true, is simply the wreckof a land today, but I am inclined tobelieve the Belgians will rehabilitatethemselves a great deal faster thanthink. Theirs is a fecund littleu""-v l"f" TBM ,'vt mrMi T-ncsx niiT'Ti an a a m wun - r-uand even those burned as a generalrule have walls and gable-ends stillstanding."Mr. Cobb dismissed the question ofatrocities.Investigated Atrocity Stories."The party of newspaper correspond-cases that were true, exaggeration wasthe rule. This applies to the storiestold by the Belgians of the Germansand by the Germans of the Belgiansand French. Of course, when you takeany large body of men, whether in waror in peace, you will find among themnnr-fni nirnanfQcro rf Aafant-ivaa iri1degenerates. Wehave atrocities in man's brain to comprehend."New York city, so far as that is con-cerned. I am convinced that there 84 Members of Landtag Fighting.has been nothing unusually brutal j Berlin. The statistical bureau -ofabout the conduct -of this war at -the Prussian diet has issued a list ofleast, in the way of atrocities. War, members of the "Landtag" now'flghtitself, is absolutely brutal! There is ing in the German army. The listno picturesqueness about it. f contains 45 members of the conaesra-1 nare reieg atec xne atrocity-storyMAN TO ATTEMPTTHE HSA GOBSThe talk turned to the censorshipand its merits and defects.If one slde or the other ever getsthe jump gets it decidedly and indisputably," remarked Mr. Cobb, "I beIfeve you will see that side let up onthe censorship. They will issue a general invitation to the press 'to comeon over and watch us eat up this fellow.' Of course, I may be wrong, butI shouldn't be surprised if this happened. As for the censorship itself, Iam ready to concede the need for arigid supervision of the news in thesedays of rapid transmission of information. But I can't e why the combatants should be unwilling to allownewspaper men at the front, to sendback the descriptive stuff which iswhat the public cares for most, afterall. I believe that if more of this stuffcould be written, it would tend to increase patriotism and recruiting."It's a hackneyed subject, to besure, but I am glad to say that the war"I'unueiiL as ne nas Deen Known,lue wruiessionai war correspondent.you understand, has been knockedout. There is a lot of talk about theglories that used to be his; how heconsulted with generals, and had histent pitched beside the field marshal's,and rode the best horse in the army,and always knew what was going tohappen. Personally I think this is allwrong. lis probably was allowed tocome along on sufferance, and becausethey had no wireless in those days,and telegraph lines were scarce, hehad a great deal more liberty of actionthan he came to have later on. Butwhen all is said and done, the so-calledwar correspondent hasn't any place inthe work. Covering a war is just thesame kind of work as covering a bigJ fire or any disaster. It calls for re-porting, and ability to do the thingsJ that reporting entails assembling ofthe concrete facts and the writing ofIf Iwere a newspaper proprietor, and I' Imrl to "nvor r writ T cltmilrl oin-iTtltrbest r0p0rtors and semlquL dowork a great deal better than profes-.,,.Saw, No 42-Ccniimctc- Guns."Did you see any of the 42-centi-meter guns in action?""No. AYe saw the 21-centimeters onthe Aisne and before Antwerp, but wenever saw the 42-centimeters. We didhear a great deal about the moral effect these big guns had, though. Surgeons told us they had cases of menwho were not hit, but who sufferedcomplete nervous breakdown simplyfrom the shock of the explosion of thebig shells. It's odd the effect that warhas on. nervous temperaments. Alphonse Courlander, who was Paris correspondent of the London Daily Express, went all to pieces and diedfrom nervous breakdown brought onby the stress and horrors all aroundhim."Odd, wasn't it? "And Courlanderhad been correspondent in severalother wars, in which he had beenactually under fire, so it was not anew sensation to him. I suppose itwas just the appalling, awful bignessof this greatest of human tragedies.It doesn't matter how much you talkabout this war, or what phase youtake up; in the end you come aroundto the starting point, the inconceivableimmenseness of it. No man can graspit all. No man can take in completelythe horrors, the splendors, the suffering, and the glory of it. I saw theGerman army that attacked the British, jat Mons, marching through Brussels, hundreds of -thousands of men,hour after hour, day and night. ButI could not convey an adequate impression of that sight to you. It isimpossible. I have an impressionlocked up inside me, but I shall neverbe able to give it to others. Nobodycould. It was like all the other eventsin this war beyond the power of onetive party, ten of the liberal-constrva-I Metal Slate V?cforia3hwfr Imyral 5hhfr 0riffalShgh 1rtfil;!iil;riikThe four designs of Cortright Metal Shingles as shown above aremade in any of the following ways :1 . Stamped from Tin-plate and painted Red.2. Stamped from Tin-plate and painted Green.3. Stamped from Tin-plate and Galvanized by a hand-dipping process.4. Stamped from special tight-coated v Galvanized Sheets.Each and every genuine Cortright Metal Shingle is embossed with thisTrade-mark, " Cortright Reg. U. S. Pat. Off." 6For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbpfg, Kentucky.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props. fitviTelephone No. 4.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky."5r-C W 5,C CCC'lsCr 'tJL. & N. TIME TABLEEFFECTIVE OCTOBER, 18, 1914.TRAINS ARRIVE FROMNO. ' '134 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 5:23 a ni34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5:30 a m29 Cynthiana, Ky, Daily Ex. Sunday 7:35 a. m7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday , 7: 38 a. m.10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday: 7:36 a m.40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:40 a. m37 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 9:40 a m12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:10 a. m!33 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 10:15 a. m.6 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 12:00 m.9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 3:15 p. m.138 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:26 p. m.38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily ". 3:28 p! m!5 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 5:45 p. ra!39 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily Ex. Sunday 5 : 35 p. m.8 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6:18 p. m.32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily v. . . . I 6:30 p. m.14 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:35 p. m.31 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 10:40 p. m.TRAINS DEPART FOR '";jNO. ' ,34 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily .- 51 35 a. m.30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday .- -. . 6:'20 a. m.10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday. , 7:45 a. m.40 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily Ex. Sunday 7:45 a. m.7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday. 7:47 a. m.137 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 9 : 43 a. m.37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9 :46 a. m.133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:18 a. m.33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10:20 a. m.6 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 12 : 05 p. m.13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday. , 3:30 p. m.38 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily ;. 3:35 p. m.39 Lexington, Ky.,1 Daily Ex. Sunday 6:00 p. m.9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6:02 p. m.32 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily . . 6:35 p. m.5 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6:35 p. m.8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday. .T 6:30l p. m.131 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:30 p. m.31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10 : 35 p. m.TRAINS ARRIVE FROMNO.2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday r. ,....-.. 7 : 38 a. m.4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday r. , 5:50 p.x m.TRAINS DEPART FORNO. .1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 8:25 a. m.3 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday ; g : 25 p. m.I Dealers WantedS ALLEN "37" $S95WE WANT a wile-awake UEALKlt in eachtown in Southern Ohio, adjacent territory in V.Virginia, Southern Indiana an-1 entire State ofKentucky to take on our line of LEWIS, ALLENand METZ automobile. Our cars?r.LL pood,satisfy the owners, and you inakp .MONEY. I'ront?87o up; alo one at $405. Th;-. is a god chancefor an established Auto Dealer to take on aquick-selling line of popular car, or for a liveHUSTLER with a little mousy ai.d lucsing to gatinto a first class money-m::!.).'! businv-. Writequick for particular-, to the I letorv- Kepreaentatiyes KEXTOX 3IOTOKS COI'ANY, 21-A E.(nov24-5t-Tus)What has become of the old-fash.-'ionecl boy who used -to chew" teoakreoiK .school- aid usLfiis high-top boots"as cwipi6ojrs?.Y Y K " V.I jsmr iIWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in '-oing np the finest, shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes bsck' on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee,'Onicklr relierM "RhmmtUtn. Sore Mua-fla WAtiralfffa Rtt-aMtA ffoar1aih ATtriall aias. Yonr nnnor back if it fails to - 'iT8 nr too in anr nrt of tfaa boit iatteea minutes time.Tim MBptettd clmlar Mat oa roquet.NUKBON REMEDY COMPANY,34Z EftSt MaiH St, LvUftfllExpert CarriagePainter.Mr. Percy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast yera, has opened a shop at thecoraer of Fouth and High Streets, aidseUcits the patronage ol those aeedmc aaythlac in him Use. ;'JA 1' f1fet.' It weighs ove'r four aunirea and j to the limbo.that cqnUina the bayonet- tive 12' of the center, 16 61,the nationItfty poinds. " T J ' : torr. law. aevW. ' v " -1 K 1 - . - -' lie- '6XZ " V - V1AfTovf.?.ussy-yxrM-f.- F JS -A viA - ,. ' ...i,$ V - " : yr . , o ff -- --., -V ''W i.r-- VsA TEST FOR LIVER COMPLAINT.-Mentally Unhappy Physically Dull.Tlie Liver, sluggish and inactive,firsts hows itself in a mental wayunhappy and critical. Never is therejoy in living, as when the Stomach andLiver are doing their work. Keep yourLiver active and healthy by using Dr.King's New Life Pills; they empty theBowels freely, tone up your Stomach,cure your constipation and purify theBlood. 25c at Druggists.Bucklin's Arnica Salve excellent forPiles.(adv-dec)When a woman gets a new set offurs the fact that the temperature isSO in the shade won't prevent herfrom wearing them.MRS.McCLAIN'S EXPERl-ENCE WITH CROUP."When my boy, Ray, was small hewas subject to croup, and I was always alarmed ats uch times. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy proved farbetter than any other for this trouble.It always relieved him quickly. I amnever without it in the house for Iknow it is a positive cure for croup,"writes Mrs. W. R. McCain, Blairsville,Fa. For sale by all dealers.(adv-dec)If every man could be-Jiis own judgeve would all be wearing Hero Medals.After they have been married aboutten weeks and he starts to go out after supper and doesn't offer to takeher along, the Honeymoon begins yelling for oxygen and prepares to croak.HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Re-1wiii u iui an v ua&e ui irULarm Lilaccannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure.F. J. CHENEY & CO ..Toledo, O.IWe, the undersigned, have known 'F. J. Chenev for the last 15 veara. and ' GERMANS SAY SOME OF BRITISHbelieve him perfectly honorable in ail DESTROYERS WERE SUNK,business transactions and financially LONDON, Dec. 18. An Amsterdamable to carry out any obligations made dispatch to Renter's Telegram Combj ins nrm. j pauy contams a German official state-NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE, j nfent which claims that some of theToledo, Ohio. British destroyers, which attackedHall's Catarrh Cure is taken inter- the German raiding squadron off thenally, acting directly upon the blood British coast, were sunk,and mucous surfaces of the system, jTestimonials sent free. Price 75 centsper bottle. Sold by all Druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for consti-If would help some if we had moresoft spots in our hearts and fewer softspots in our heads.Readers of the BourbonNews will confer a favor ifthey will call No. 124, bothphones, and telephone us anyitems of news they may learn,particularly the coining andgoing of visitors. If youhave guests, show them thecourtesy of giving their namesto Olir paper.IJ 'iStrength PastFifty Yearscan be maintained byanting tne tight nourishment, and Nature's own oilfood in Scott's EmulsionLas strengthened thousands of menand women to continue their workand usefulness for many years.Scott's Emulsion is a food, a medicine and a tonic to keep theblood rich, avoid rheumatismand thwart nervous conditions.It is free from alcohol or harmful drugs. The best physiciansprescribe it. 14-50i.MWjmm,BH5wWorn Out?No doubt you are, ifyou suffer from any of thenumerous ailments towhich an women are subject. Headache, backache, sideache, nervousness, weak, tired feeling,are some of the symptoms, and you must ridyourself of them in orderto feel well. Thousandsof women, who havebeen benefited by ihisremedy, urge you toTAKE3gi Gardui SThe Woman's TonicMrs. Sylvania Woods,of Clifton Mills, Ky., says:1 'Before taking C a r d u i ,I was, at times, so weak Icould hardly walk, andthe pain in my back andhead nearly killed me.After taking three bottlesof Cardui, tlie pains disappeared. Now I feel aswell as I ever did. Everysuffering woman shouldtx' Cardui." Getabotttetoday. E"68HHK fvlyjEtdlv31k. k 4 mXf . : ? --. p; , 4THEGERMAN RAID ON ENGLAND.LONDON, Dec. 18. For the firsttime in centuries England has beenstruck by a foreign foe. A squadronof swift German cruisers creptthrough the fog Tuesday night to theEastern coast and turned their gunsi against the Britons.When day broke they began thebombardment of three important townHarlepool, at the mouth of the Tees;Whitby, thirty-five miles southward,and Scarborough, noted as a pleasureresort, fifteen miles beyond. Harelpcol suffered most. There two battlecruisers and an armored cruiser wereengaged and at this place the greatestloss of life occurred. The British WarOffices fixes the number of dead atHarelpool as seven soldiers and twenty-twocivilians and the wounded asfourteen soldiers and fifty civilians.At Scarborough, where a battlecruiser and an armored cruiser shelled the town, thirteen casualties arereported, while at Whitby two werekilled and two wounded.Men, women and children of thecivilian population were left dead orwounded struck without warning,while at breakfast or at work. In all,the casualty list totals 110, accordingto the official estimates, of whomthirty-one are known to be dead.Three churches were damaged; thegas works and lumber yards at Hartlepool were set afire and the abbey atWhitby was struck. The BalmoralHotel, at Scarborough, received thefull effects of a shell. A number ofhouses and shops were shattered andpartly burned in each of the towns.ct "T aTn"ZT?ZZ "L,guard vessels patroling the neighborhood, which were reinforced as soonj as the presence of the Germans wassignaled.DISASTER TO GERMAN ARMOREDCRUISER.PETROGRAD, Dec. 18. It is officially announced that the Germanarmored cruiser Frederick Karl wassunk during a recent sortie in theBaltic. Two thhyls of her crew aresaid to have perished, less than twohundred men having been saved.EGYPT AND SUDAN ANNEXED.The British press to-day naturallymakes a feature of the annexation ofEgypt and the Sudan, "which takesfrom the Sultan of Turkey 14,000,000subjects and 1,000,000 square miles otland. This action moreover robs theTurk of his last foothold in Africa,Italy having taken Tripoli from hima few years ago.Thi flprinrin snnndrnn which attack-I eu Liie eastern euasL ul iugiuuu, v;u.u&! ing the death of about one hundred; :.t : t-i..1! i- 1I IIUrWW W IU VVI III 111 ltl-l fill III llslVf.l1f- ". ti r" , ; 7 i Jiuu. ..w .. w,.w -..- --...ageu uauiy a uuru.badly a third. The British Ad-ity states that two warships werek by German shells and that fivemiralitystruckmen were killed and 15 wounded, but, makes no mention of the loss of anyi vesoeis. 1umperor wnnam is saia to naveimproved in health sufficiently to permit his return to the front next week.The British South African forcesare soon to undertake a campaignagainst the neighboring German possessions. Premier Botha considersthat the rebellion in the Union ofSouth Africa has beeh crushed definitely. All England is still buzzing withtalk about the German raid on theeast coasU interest having been stimulated afresh by the latest accountscoming out of Hartlepool.RED CROSS SEALS.i The sale of the Red Cross Christmasj Seals in Paris is being conducted un-der the auspices of the Bourbon CounJty Health and Welfare League, underJtlVe supervision of Mrs. J. T. Vansant,'chairman of the committee. The enjtire proceeds will be used locally in! the campaign being waged in this city! and county by the Health and Welfarej League against tuberculosis. These'little seals can be purchased at theJArdery Drug Co.'s, Geo. S. Varden &,Son, Oberdorfer's, W. T. Brooks', the'Paris Book Store, Shire & Fithian's! and L. Frank & Co.'s store,j Help the cause. Put a Christmasxal en your letters and packages. ;iE- ' xv.- tVEARLY WAR NEWS,..r.iUy kidneys became normal and thea while when you get a whift t pains ana aches left. The endorse's breath you wonder why it i t x ave Doan's Kidney Pills inOnce in, of a mandoesn't -catch onlire wnen ne ngntsj a cigar.'KEEP IT HANDY1 FOR RHEUMATISM.i Xo use to squirm and wince -and tryto wear out your Rheumatism. It willjwear you out instead. Apply somej Sloans Liniment. Need not rub it injust let it penetrate all through theaffective parts, relieve the soreness'and draw the pain. You get ease ati once and feel so much betterf youj want to go right out and tell other(sufferer's about Sloan's. Get a bottle of Sloan's Liniment for 25 cents ofj any druggist and have it in the houseagainst Colds, Sore and SwollenJoinst, Lumbago, Siatica and like ail-ments. lour uiuuey uatn. jl iiul &au-fled, but it does give almost instantrelief. Buy a bottle to-dayI adv-dec)AAA4O DO YOUR SHOPPING EARLYAND AVOID THE CROWDS.Remember the crowds thatthronged the. stores last Christmas when '6u were trayingyour "presents. t Axoid thosetcrowds low by doiMf; yourxkoDDkis: etrlru; , vitURgON NEWS PARIS,REST ExH,e,TsoR californ --BOURBONPart of the government's exhibit forthe Panama California exposition atSan Diego leaves Weashington thisweek. This portion has to do withthe national forests of New Mexico,and will be shown in the New Mexicobuilding, the exhibit Having been prepared in co-operation with the StateBoard of Exposition Commissioners ofthat State. The material also showsspecimens of -the principal timbertrees of New Mexico and their uses.Other exposition material is to leavesoon for San Francisco, where it willform a part of the Panama PacificExposition. Part of this is being prepared through co-operation betweenthe forest service and the UnitedStates Civil Service commission. TheCommission passes on the qualifications of all candidates for positions inthe forest service, testing the fitnessof those who wish to become forestofficers through outdoor examinationsin riding, surveying, timber eotimatingand similar matters as well as by moreconventional methods; its exhibit willillustrate the duties oi these officers.Co-operation also exists in thepreparation of exhibit material, bertween the forest service and thebureau of education. This showshow forest subjects are used in thepublic schools, in connection withnature studay, commercial geography,agriculture and the like. One of theexhibits is a display made by the normal school pupils of the District ofColumbia, in which a number of thosewho are studying for teachers' positions entered a prize contest on treestudy. Each of the contestants prepared a separate exhibit showing thelife history and the products of individual trees, such as white uine,hickory or sugar maple.HOW MANY- IS A 3ILLION?(Kansas City Star.)I wonder if we realize when we talkof a hillion dollars what an enormousamount of money it is and who longit would take an expert counter ofcoins to manipulate them. You canscarcely follow the motions of hisfingers as he shifts the coins from onepile to another and counts them. Thetreasury experts will count 4,000 silverdollars an hour and keep it up -all daylong, but that is their limit. Working eight hours a day, then an expertcounter of coins will count 32,000 silver dollars in a day, but how longwill it take him at the rate to counta million dollars? Thirty-one days.But this is not the beginning of themeasurements of great figures, for itthis same man were to go no counting jsilver dollars at th3 same ratet ofspeed for ten years he would findthat he had counted only 100,000,000 ofthem, and that to count a billion ofthem would require 102 years ofsteady work at the r.-ue of eight hoursa day during every working day ofevery one of the 102 years.VERY SEASONABLE ADVICE."The best way to thaw water pipes,"'.said a Paris electrician, "is by electricity. In northern cities where extreme cold weather is of frequent occurrence, it has become a practice ofelectricians to thaw water pipes witha special transformer. A current otelectricity is passed tlirougn tne pipe. ' . ... - i i tirom me su-eui w mc Lam,cl. , uvu.u- . 4.I..A-...n..n--nT'IJrVTl'1irfiririflll.-tW.ine pmtJ evenly ii win uno vx w - " -Qtner and g0 gradually that there is nodanger of bursting. The method hasbecome very useful where pipes arefrozen under ground, but, fortunately,frizes of this kind are rare." Therejiave ueen some reportH of frozen wa- jtpr nn9s but ill heary every case tliepipe has frozen near tne laucet anu iseasilv thawed. The water companyhas had inspectors examining the flrehydrants and has found them all ingood condition. In all of the hydrantswhere the water is turned off well below the surface of the ground there islittle danger of freezing."BURDENS LIFTEDFrom Paris Backs Relief Proved byLapse of Time.Backache is a heavy burdenNervousness, dizziness, headache.Rheumatic pain; urinary illness;All wear one out.Often effects of kidney weakness.No use to cure the symptomsRelief isb ut temporary if the causeremains.If it's the kidneys cure the cause.Doan'e Kidney Pills are for kidneyillsHere is proof of their merit fromthis vicinity.D. M. Farley, merchant, Y474 Chairavenue, Lexington, Ky., says: "I had adull, dragging pain in my back. Theaction of my kidneys was irregular,especially at night. Finally I usedDoan'sKidney Pills and before longthev nut a stop toa 11 these troubles.January 1912, still holds good. I cani only repeat that they are a fine kidneyjnedidine." 'Price o0c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoans Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Earley had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinsati Enquirer.)The man who starts out with theidea" that his friends are going to prepare an opening for him usually windsup in a hole.If he helps her off with her coatwhen they enter a theatre and holds itfor her during the show they are single. If she hauls her own coat offand hangs it on the back of the chairthey are married.Most people expect the Lord notonly to Provide, but also to clear offthe table and wash the dishes.This isn't a Prohibition lecture. Itis a cold fact. The meanest man,aside from the ma who robs poorboxes and sets flre to orphan asylums,is the lad who robs his family to buya drink tor another man.A woman may do a whole lot otpraying for ehr husband, bit she neverforgets no keep-fcaeey 'on hlnTjuetraan-kso'0VA nn him HKt'ta" lBMM22f '4' ' ; ,5';- - r -- ; ;H. . - nnNTT R A II Tfl CHAD AT- V:iDONTE. M.Big Ten Days Sale ofFURNITURECARPETS, RUGS, STOVESEverything marked low for cash until Christmas. Takeadvantage of this sale and buy Christmas Presents now andhave them laid aside.SOLID COMFORTis suggested by the mere appearanceof one of our Fancy Easy ChairsThey are specially built to afford restful ease to the tired. They are artistic and well made, and are offered atfair prices. We have a full line ofnew and handsome Household Furniture, embracing everything from Carpets to Bedsteads, and we welcome allwho desire to inspect our stock.When may we expet a call from you?THE NEWLY WEDDED PAIR.seeking articles of Furniture of comfort and beauty for the new home willfind this a choice and safe place tobuy choice because it affords such""'aWlfle selection, sale because everv-unng lor any part ot tne House is, substantially constructed. honestlv1rjce('JEDI. TSL. TA7 2DO YOUR SHOPPING EARLY.While the present "tightness" ofmoney is likely to cut some figure inthe customary Christmas buying, yethundreds of presents are to be pur-chased, and the News advises thatyou heed the stereotyped admonition,"Do Your Christmas Shopping Early"and thus avoid the usual rush later on.Were you aware of the fact that itis less than two weeks, until Christmas? That's correct, and the Paris) Between Kid Stout's Cafe and thestores are loaded with gifts of all corner of Fourth and Pleasant streets,kinds, irom the cheapest to the most a solitaire diamond ring. A cash reelaborate. The usual extra clerks are ward of $50 will be paid for its returnon hand, so if you visit the stores nowyou will find the assortment complete,and have plenty of time to do yourbuying. Attend to this' right now.Consult the advertisements in TheNews and find where to go.Kentucky Carlsbad Springs!Something That the Kentucky Carlsbad Water Will Do That NoOther Water Ever Discovered Has Done.We will take the albumen out ofyour water in three days and we arecuring all cases of diabetes that drink 'the water. We will give relief to the 'most severe cases of kidney trouhle 'in one day and win absolutely cure anycase in 10 days. Stomach trouhle guarantee it to cure any case in ten daysif it hasn't become cancerous. Bladder trouble of any kind will be curedin ten days. It will cure any old soreby bathing in it for two or three days.We guarantee it to cure any case ofcatarrh of the head or bowels in tendays. Ji you drink this water for tendays you wil be absolutely free fromconstipation or any organic trouble, as jit pusiLiveiy win restore every internal organ of the body in ten days.If it doesn't the treatment won't costyou anything.You ,can get the same results, if itis not 6onvenient for you to come tothe Springs, right at home, as we shipthe water with full directions, excepting rheumatic cases; they'railst cometo the Springs to get well. Be sureto write for our free bookletKetlCUCkvCariSMdSorinS. Inc.! . ' ' , - w -1FAIL TO SHOP ATWHEELER'SHOME, SWEET HOMEis made still more sweet, and invitingwhen cosily and comfortably furnished from our complete House Furnish-inc Establishment. Here you notonly get the best and most durablequalities, but the very latest stylesin fashionable Furniture. You havea large variety to select from, and theprices are so low that they tempt youto do the choosing and ordering rightaway.tz vgr " t inIT'S WITHIN YOUR REACH.Dainty, yet well-made Furniture isnot only for those with fat pocketbooks. Any one possessed of tasteand a small amount of money can furnish a house well. Come in and seewhatA Little Moneycan buy here. Just as good bargainsin carpoto and rugs a3 in turniture.i .i . x4tti i i "v- -, i w m a v. p I I iUBIEjXJzLijEighth and Main, Paris,We all know that when the Other iFellow is talking he makes a lot of jnoise without saying anything. jThe man who acts as though it wasa felony to treat his own wife with 1common politeneos" when they are oni the street is the same lad who will jj fall all over himself and run a mile jto get a smile from a strange woman.LOST.to this office and no questions asked.(18-ft)m-.Big5011t v J.l IK- .TV " feW7 r w-1 f V.4' 1 ' O .Ullkk4, 11 )WP44 1 Z1I ft lift jl.i -A 11 11U1 1 1 1 1.1 1I hi JirTl i It ftwC?Til) Bios. DepanmenivWi 4' '4M '"wnn m imii. 9 f3U'a"-M'iMgTiT' ' jan1wt mzzmpr.w Vv .-:um mrn sa ssssm'mt iil W,-:?C51TURN THE STRONGEST LIGHTon our Fruniture and every piece wUlstand the test, because they arerfirit vand thoroughly made and will staat!The Closest Investigationfrom the most critical. We k notcarry shoddy stuff; we value our p- -utationtoo much what we sell yowmay be depended upon for qualityand wear.BEL w ISSJlMslt wfc , ggLET US SHOW YOUthrough our stock rooms and you wUlagree with us that you never saw. alner collection of Household Furnitureanywhere in this vicinity. We wouldlike to have you call and examine ourstock thoroughly. It will stand theclosets scrutiny for beauty, strengthand artistic effects. Such high quality Furniture is seldom offered atsuch low prices.Ky.Stock at Cost.As our lease soon expires orr ouirj store room, we will close out ourENTIRE LINE OF HARDWARE,consisting of everything usually kept,in a first-cass hardware store. Alarge line of Stoves, Ranges, He&tersEnamelled Ware, Farming Implements, Wire Fence, Steel Posts, Bc-.,Sale begins onSATURDAY, DECEMBER, 19, 114iand will continue until the entire stockis closed out.' BEST & HAWKINS, .(18-tf Mfllersburg, Ky.Hoiiday BargainsAt 1 win B os. Dept. Store,Cor 7th and Main Sts..K'Special Low Prices,ONCad ics Suns, uk$.$Wm,Tine millinery. $boe$riUaists, tc.Dry Goods, Silks, - E&Assortment of J Holidayents. Call and SeeSanla ClausrJ!?4HVMMMMMMMMMU1B MIMV. ''. , ?1. -.iDRy RIDGE, KY.Sevcath m Main Sts Pw, Kys x -r--j- i -(THE RnilPRHN lSJPW PARI PJITOIIlDEIlteER-2ll4'V . 'V" f' 3 '" T " "mf'"' V" "r . i w " " , m i A, "-' r?H!GHISSCHOOL OPEN SESSIONAN INTERESTING AFFAIR.DEATHSThe debating: classes of the HighSchool held their first open sessionlor the school year in the Auditoriui of the Public School buildjng, onThursday night. A large crowd waspresent to enjoy the interesting program, which was was one of the bestpresented for some time.The subject for the debate was,Hesolvd, "That Athletics! is theBeet Subject in the School Curriculum for the Development of MoralCharacter." The affirmative of thesubject was presented by Messrs.'Albert Lavin and Raymond Connellfor the Sophomores, and the nega" tive "by Messrs. Fred Merimee andThomas Burns, for the Juniors.Bach of the young men presentedtheir arguments in a most able manner, which showed the effects of careful training, and reflects gerat creditupon their teacher, Miss Josie Alexander, the efficient and capable instructor of the Literary Departmentot the Paris High School. Suchtraining is an important factor in theeducation of every boy and girl andcan be developed in no other way savethan through the channels of the Literary Department of the school.The judges of the debate were Prof.A. Jj. Boatright, Messrs. S. S. Ardery,Sr and Finnell Galloway, who decided in favor of the affirmative.The Christmas playlet, "The Vestal "Vireins" was one of the most 'beautiful plays ever presented by thestudents. Miss Edith Brit'tain, thenew Physical Culturecharge of the training of the youngladies, and much of the success ofthe play is due to her untiring efforts. The preludes and interludes wereplayed by the High School Orchestra,under the leadership of Miss LeoraLADS WITH WANDERLUSTRETURNED TO THEIR HOMESGUILFOYLE.Daniel Leonard Guilfoyle, son ofMr and Mrs. William Guilfovle. of Mt.Sterling, died in that city, Monday, of J the old farm some days ago withoutImbued with a desire to see something of the world, William andLindsay Blevins, aged eighteen andfifteen years respectively, sons of Mr.George Blevins, of Bath county, lefttubercular pneumonia. He was wellknown in Paris, where he had aftenbeen a guest of his cousin, Mrs. JohnMcCarthy, and other relatives in thecountyFuneral services were held 'at theSt. Patrick's Catholic Church, Wednesday morning, conducted by Rev.Father E. H. Roher and the body wasinterred in the Catholic cemetery.CLARK.A message received in this citySaturday night from Madisonville,Ky., conveyed intelligence of the sudden death in that city of Mr. RogersE. Clarke, of this city, who had beenthere on a visit for several weeks.Mr. Clark, who is a son of Mrs.Newton Clark, of Paris, had for several years been connected with theA. D. Sisk Book Co., in Madisonville,and after leaving there returned toParis, where he was for sometime engaged in the decorating business.Some time ago he returned to Madisonville and was engaged in businessin Earlington, Ky., three miles fromMadisonville.Mr. Clark came home about nineo'clock Saturday evening apparentlyin his usual health. Shortly afterreaching home he complained of feeling very tired and weary, and laidteacher, had J down on the bed to take a short rest.Mrs. Clark became alarmed becauseof her husband's silence and goingto him found that he had expired.! Death was due to heart troubleMr. Clark was the eldest son of thelate Mr. Newton Clark and Mrs. Lizzie' Griffiith Clark, of Paris. A fewWiard. Miss Wiard has been very years ago he was married to Mispainstaking in her efforts to effect Sadie Fugate, of Madisonville, and atthis organization, and, it is throughher earnest ejideavors, that the-school has this splendid orchestra.CLAY'S SAUSAGE.Insist upon Clay's sausage 15-5t'ENGRAVED CALLING CARDS.Engraved calling cards make most iacceptable Christmas gifts. Give usyour order now so it can be filled before the rush. We represent the bestUrm in the country, and everythingguaranteed first-class.OPEN NIGHTS.Our store will foeopen every night untilChristmas3, commencing Saturdaynight, December 1 9,Tor the benefit ofChristmas shoppers.A. f. WHEELER & CO.(18-2t)THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.the time of his death was visitinghis -wife, who had been called to Madisonville on account of illness in herfamily.Mr. Clark is survived by his mother,his wife and two brothers, Mr. NoahClark, of Paris, and Mr. Leslie Clark,of Madisonville. He was a memberof the Christian church.The burial will take place in theMadisonville cemetery after servicesby the ,pafc;tor of the MadisonvilleChristian church.DUNBAR.After an illness extending overseveral months, finally resulting inBright's disease, Mr. Horace B. Dunbar, noted chef and hotel man, diedSunday afternoon at his apartmentsin the Bourbon House, this city, ofwhich he had been for several yearsmanager.Mr. Dunbar had been in failinghealth for several months, but onlyrecently had been compelled to taketo his bed. His illness assuming aacquainting anyone of their intentions.The boys made the journey on foot,from their home to Paris, stoppingat various points en route, and making their way by by doing odd jobs.They were having a good time, untilfinally locating on a farm near thiscity.Mr. Blevins was notified and cameto Paris, where he took the boys incharge and after attending to theirmaterial wants and providing themwith new clothes, proceeded homeThe boys were delighted with theirjourney through the country, and saidthey had a good time, but were gladto get back home again."TTIHIIliimiThe Big Red Ticket Christinas Sale I:At Marry Simon'sIs Now Going On!Tremendous Reductions in Every Line!Unheard-of Values in Every Department 2Clay's Sausage.ARE THE BEST.McDUOGALL KITCHEN CABINETS are the ONLY kitchen will fullroll fronts. McDOUGALL cabinets areBEST made. Set of aluminum warefree.(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.EASY MONEY.Cash your "Bill Smith" checks atPARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.CHOICE INVOiCE OF FRESH NUTSMixed nuts of" all kinds, at(x) ' TOM LONGO'S.ONLY THE BEST.The best alwaysfrom Winters in thejewelry line. Nevermisrepresent anything. (18-lt)FOR THE KIDDIES.Doll Beds, Velocipedes, Doll Buggies,Electroliers, Coasters. Choose now.We deliver when you want. Opennights.(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.BOOST THE GAME.Paris merchants should be as muchinterested in having good sales on thelocal tobacco market, from a purelyselfish motive, as the warehousementhemselves. If the tobacco warehouses have a good season the busi-more acute form, his physicians sum-j ness houses of Paris will have a goodJailer Joe Farris and Mr.moned a noted Cincinnati specialist, season and vice versa. Talk highwho after a rigid examination, pro- j prices; boost the local market, andnounced Mr .Dunbar's case hopeless. . -yy so doing boost your own business.Mr. Dunbar was one of the most) ,noted hotel men in the country. He t " BURNAUGH ,was a native of Massachusetts, and j -"-p,,0.lo isixtv years ago "was Known at, one uj. is closing out his entire stock atUdXieb I .. , ,..i ,,.-. in A marina 1 l. .n.mj tne expert nuiei uia iu "" " cost. ' tt-ii).Lancaster nave cornerea tne Biureei ; - . ,,. f P;no;rmnH in the'onrl alrino- Xie WilS Uiuu&m- cvr w.-""" ,ti .,ra. "Bill Smith" checks,onfall comers!eighties by A. G. Corre, the proprietor ,f thP Rmnd Hotel, and for- several' years was chef there. In 1895 he be-:WHITE DIAMONDS.! came general manager and later on--. - t . principal owner of the Gibson House.Finest White dia-outyMeeil vears ago Mr. Dunbar ImondS Only, that de-'Went to Seattle, Washington, and jfV Competition. Callj took charge of the Hotel Ranier, but,and he convinced.HOOSIER KITCHEN CABINET.,Will make the wife a grand Christmas present.A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.(H-2t)x SHIRE &P1TMIAN.A FINE SUBSTITUTE.One sentimental writer in a ladies'jnagazine that comes to this office, informs a dubious world that ''it is"we are ill and shut in from the brightand beauteous world that our friendsare dearest to us, and yet one twentydollar a week nurse with a white capsaucilv Derched on raven locks above aoair of scintillating eyes -and a mess i Pnof rosy cheeks, is a bully substitute j llsafter remaining about a year, gave up jthP nharee and returned East. Forsome time after this he conducted asummer resort at Mobile, Alabama.Last February, Mr. Dunbar cameto Paris and took charge of the Windsor Hotel, restoring the half-cen-name of "The tfouroonGOOD THINGS TO EAT.tury-old-i, ! House, and which he was managing upto tne Lime ui ui mucoo.Mr. Dunbar is survived by, ms wueand a married daughter, who residesiin New Orleans.Apples by the barrel and oran'43 bythe box cheap. Nothing but the bestfruit handled. Dressed, fowls of allkinds, old country hams, city hams,sausage, spareribs, etc. Let us haveyour Christmas order.(x) N. A. MOORE & CO.A Suit Sale$20.00 Suits, at ., $12.5025.00 Suits at 14.7530.00 Suits, at 17.5035.00 Suit's, at 19.5040.00 Suits, at 27.5045.00 Suits, at ' 29.5050.00 Suits, at 32.5075.00 Suits, at 37.50WaistsOne lot of White Waists, springstyles, prices $1.50 to $2.50Christmas Sale Price $.59$1.50 Waists, Xmas Sale Price.. .982.00 Waists, Xmas Sale Price... 1.492.50 Waists, Xmas Sale Price... 1.756.00 Crepe de Chine Waists 4.507.50 Crepe de Chine Waists 5.50Separate Shirts$ 7.50 Skirts at haf-price $3.75.10.00 Skirts at 5.00' 15.00 Skirts at 7.50Coats$10.00 Coats at $ 5.0015.00 Coats at 9.7520.00 Coats at f 12.5025.00 Coats af 17.5035.00 Coats at 19.75Christmas NoveltiesA full line o"f Christmas Novelties atlow prices now on display.DO YOUR SHOPPING EARLY.Blankets and Comforts$ .50 Blankets at $ .35.75 Blankets at 55'1.25 Blankets at 951.50 Blankets at 1.202.00 Blankets at 1.482.50 Wool-nap Blankets at 1.803.00 All-Wool Blankets at 2.485.00 All-Wool Blankets at 3.987.50 All-Wool Blankets at 5.981.50 Comforts at 98 '2.50 Comforts at 1.983.00 Comforts at 2.504.00 Comforts at 2.98ors,Wm. Skinner and Sons' Satin, 36-in wide, all colregular $1 5U quality, during tne VI 1111 per.mi m hh mChristmas Saleyard::No goods sent on approval or charged during theChristmas Sale.HARRY SI MO INPARIS, KENTUCKYIftftftftftftftftftftftftftlftlitftftftftftftftftftftftftftftftftftftsftftftftftftftft(patient.SOLID MAHOGANY GIFTS.Solid Mahogany Rockers, Sewing j" ' "Tables, Dressers, Chiffoniers, Tabour-j THE REAL THlNGettes make elegant presents. Wet c Winters' Dia-(it) the j.' t. hintOn co. ,mond Kings$3.75NOTICE.All parties are herebyThe body was taken to Cincinnati , warne(j agajnst g usc 0fl the 7:40 L. & N. train this morn- ... riirewurna uii me aireeis uiParis. It is against the law,and is most dangerous. Ipolice torigidly enforce the law.J. T. HINTON,Mayor.to the Cincinnati Crematory,...u- r.ftn. con-iooo nv nip ivi Jisuuii:-wrhen it comes to doing things for the "f' e ;oH h will h r.remat-I JII1K1 UL v.lIlVJlliltx v, iA After the incineration, the asheswill be taken to Rockport, Ind., and, nave notified thet deposited in a vaultf o rCHRISTMAS WHISKIES.The famous Wigglesworth whiskey,S years old, only $2.00 per gallon., Eight-year-old Sam Clay, in fullquart bottles, only $1.00 per quart, at7,biir Main street and Tenth streetsaloons.(18-2) JOHN JOHNSON.IN FANCY PACKAGES.- "JSIiss Holladay's candies in f aiicyfancy Christmas packages, at Bruce. Holladay's.MdecS-eot-T)PARIS DEFEATS MAYSVILLE.At Maysville, Friday night, thebasket ball team of the Paris HighSchool defeated the Maysville High"School team by a score of 20 to 14.The game was snappy from start tofinish and it was conceded by the1 4-kt mounting ana gooa awmonds. (18-lt)NECKWEAR 25c, 50c AND 75c.Special,, holiday scarfs at theseprices, in patterns men like.' J. .W DAVIS & CO.BLACK CAKE.You know it will be good if you useFemdell fruits and spices. You takea chance if you use something theysay is just as good.C. P. COOK & CO.AS TO DUNS.A subscriber once received a dunthrough the postoffice and it made himmad. He went to see the editorabout it, and the editor showed him atVw rlnns nf hie rwn nnp for nanprParis team after the conclusion of j on6 for typei one for fuei and seVeralIIJ)srvjyP'rz:! !-VIJcAMTVIyM919999999 miTHE TIME DRAWS NEAR!Only Five More Shopping Days-Thenon :r, i s t :m .AjsWhat Shall Your Holiday Gift Be?Scan These Suggestions;They May ;-lp You."Tsssthe game that they had all theycould do to down the opposing players.STERLING SILVER.Sterling silver novelties, new, novel andnifty, at Shire & Fith-XCARD OF THANKS.T wish to take this means of extend-i Hiy heartfelt thanks to all thesood friends and neighbors whoflfewed us .so many favors during the.iHaeee, death .and burial o fmy little4Mgkter, Katherine. I can hardly expreee in. words my appreciation of theTmMy sympathy and the many acts ofIdafeeM they did.Ot-lt) KM JUUA JORDAN.others. "Nowi" said the editor, "Ididn't get mad when these came, beceause I knew that all I had to do wasto ask several reliable gentlemen likeyou to come and help me out, and thenI could settle all ot them." When thesubscriber saw how it was, he relentedpaid up and renewed for another year.Clay's Sa us age.NICE AND SENSIBLE PRESENTS.Full line of ladies' and men's houseslippers. Nothing nicer lor a Christmas gift.(x) GEO. McWILLIAMS.SOMETHING DELICIOUS.Go to Bruce Hblladay's for homemade fruit cakes, plum puddings andMince meat JEDISONDIAMOND DISCPHONOGRAPHIs tHe Choice of GoodDancersbecause good music is necessary forgood dancing... This instrument'ssplendid tone adds to dance music acharm that is otherwise lacking, andthe wonderful Edison mechanism insures the perfect uniform rhythm thatis so essential. Come and hea rthenew records which we have just received One Step, Mecitation andBaxixe. N tL. Oberdorfer.Sifts ForL A Dl ESBracelet Watches,La Valliers,Hand Bags,Toilet Sets,Puff Boxes.Stone Set Chains,Prisian Ivory Novelties,Back Combs,Mesh Bags,Card Cases,Diamond Bar Pins,Diamond Rings,Sterling Novelties,New Party BoxesLingerie Pins.Gold Thimbles,Vanities.Gifts ForMENWatches New "ThinModels,Waldemar Vest Chains,Signet and Set Rings,Fountain Pens,Military Brushes,Shaving Sets, ,Watch Fobs.Safety Razors,Cuff Buttons,Tie Holders, Scarf Pins,Emblem Charms,Sterling Belt Buckles,Traveling Sets,Pipes and Key Chains, 'Match Boxes,Cigar Lighters.Gifts For MissesBirthstone Rings,Lockets and chains'Bracelets,Maicure SetsSlipper Buckles.Small Wrist Watches,Hat Pins, Beauty Pins.Silver Vanities,Coin Holders.Gifts For BoysBoys Watches,Signet 'Rings, (Pocket Knives,C'Kl Buttons,S.iver Pencils,Fountain Pens.Our stock is unusually large and is representative cf of tae reliable lines we eyer aimto carry. Be sure and inspect our line of Platinum Dinner Rings and La Valliers, mountedwitb genuine White Diamonds, in the newest and latest effects.DON'T DELAY; BUY NOWAnd Avoid the Holiday Rush.Your Purchases Will Be Cheerfully Held Until Christmas.THE HOUSE OF QUALITY FOR JEWELRY,SHIRE & PITMIANEASX TENNESSEfLPHOKE 28S . , ' , , HOME PHONE 130s9t&trImm8ftftftftftCrftftftftftftftftft9mm-c-99-?0The Drug fit.,-- i.w- """ -T"-TiTiiTiniiMiiiiiiiiiaiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiifTtf -sV .'''t.!.57T,v. v4!"t-t. L ' i K. S v A .f'fiJs-u-.rJST.7ll cX " - t ,..v - .-.. iK.-. j'--ps.(4ot-T) , v . ,.(r3' rv ""f i1 ia V .. -f1 ,' J3,j, vjv-.i.v.-r-7 v"w't?fr.-ft '-'' t,Kk.v""'- V'',vSJ--J tfHT Hv -9 : "7, -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.,. DECEMBER v22 4914fA-r vyS'-W&j&SlyjxiHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEOnly theWinters.THE BEST.bestSOiMANDPERSONAL.Mrs. James Bradley is quite iil ather home on "Walker's avenue.BY THE BOX.OPEN NIGHTS.We are now open nights. We offera very extensive line of Christmaspresents. Come in and select yoursnow.lit) THE J. T. HINTON CO.ICE HOUSES FILLED.During the recent cold snap thefanners of Bourbon county laid in abountiful supply of five-inch ice of.in excellent quality.siting relatives in Maysvilleat I Miss Mabel Arnold is visiting herlt jaunt, Mrs. S. T. Turner, in Lexing.' tonI Mrs. H. H. Hanenp.k nrri rimio-h., , ir. Mis5 Edith, visited in Cincinnati,Oranges cheap by the box at Logan I Friday.liward's- 22"2t ! -Mrs. J. H. Stivers has as n,,f forthe holidays, Mrs. Cora Hardesty ofot Lexington.t MrS. John TIM nnrl Ho l,rr1,,-,Miss Elizabeth, were visitors in Ciscinnati, Saturday.Miss Patsy Clark is at homefrom Hamilton Collge, at Lexington, for the holidays."XT,. T tt ,.i.1. j vim. nams jiay nas returned from school at Pottstown, Pa.,to spend the holidays.Mr. and Mrs. R. N. BisliOD. havereturned from a visit to Mrs Margaret uoolc, in Cynthiana.Mr. CV T. Mattox underwent asurgical operation at his home onSeventh street yesterday.Miss Nannette Wallingford hasreturned from a visit to Miss Mildred Lisle, near Leesburg.Mrs. B. P. Brideres. nf fipnrprpfnwnouujk ui uci uauguiei, aviio. J.Jones, in North Middletown.Miss Emma Lou Scott has beenvery ill at her home on Pleasantstreet, but is somewhat better.Dr. E. H. Foster has returnedfrom a visit to his father, Dr. W. E.Fester, and family, in Owenton, Ky.Miss Sarah Thompson is at homefrom school at the Kentucky Collegelor women, at Danville, for the holidays. Mrs. Maurice Griffith, of Cynthiana, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. O. T.Mattox, at their home on Seventhstreet.Mrs. D. B. Joseph, of Mt. Sterling, is a guest of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Louis Saloshin, on Pleasantstreet.Mr. W. H. Clay, formerly ofAt the recent meeting of the Bour- Bourbon county, is very ill at hisbon County Medical Association, Dr. j home on Woodland avenue, in Lex-HEARING OF HUTCHCRAFT CASEThe hearing of, the case of XR. B.Hutchcraft occupied the time ofBankruptcy A. M. Cox, at the CourtHouse in Paris all last week. OnSaturday, Mr. Swiney Ray, who hasbeen connected with Mr. Hutchcraft'sBOURBON FARM DEALS.,Mr. and Mrs. Will Rion, Jr., are I commission and seed business forVisiting" relat.ivps in Mowoinllo ! OVfvr thirtv vpnrs ip-ji.va liio tooHninnvfollowing Mr. OUie Hedges. At theSconcusion of the examination of Mr.Ray an adjournment was taken untilyesterday.Owing to the Alexander trial coming up at the special term of Circuit Court yesterday the hearing inthe bankruptcy case was postponeduntil nine o'clock this morning.PLACE TO BUY.The place to buyyourXmas jewelry isat Shire & Fithian's. xThe farm of Mr. Turney Paton, on 'the Millersburg and Cynthiana piketwo milQ3 from Millersburg, which: was advertised to be sold at nublicsale, was sold Friday afternoon, at xprivate sale through Harris & !Speakes, to Mr. J. R. Fisher, of Harrison county. The farm, which contains about 86 acres, brought $125 peracre. Mr. Fisher gets possessionFebruary 1, 1915, and will move tothe property. Mr. Paton will moveto Cynthiasa, where he will go intothe mercantile business with hisbrother-in-law, Mr. Jos. W. Dalzell,jlately of Carlisle. jMr. Ira Cook purchased of W. B.Linville, of Mt. Olivet, three acres ofland located on the Maysville pike,near Millersburg, for $900.A"Landis ChristmasSavings Account55 inBourbon Bank &Trust Co. will makemice Christmas present for your wife oryour children or other members of yourfamily. ItIMPORTANTIs your friends' comfort and yourown economizing. You can secureboth at Dan Cohen's Greatest ShoeStore. (22-lt)BURNAUGHIs soing outthing at cost.ofbusines3. Every( 22-lt)ELECTED PRESIDENT.J. T. Brown, of Paris, was elected bya unanimous vote for President of theAssociation for the coming, year.EASY MONEY.ash your "Bill Smith" checks atPARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.BOX CHRISTMAS CANDIES.Our line of fancy Christmas boxcandies can't be surpassed, especiallyLowneys. Put up in fancy boxes fromone pound up. Buy a box for yourbest girl.lS-3t) JAS. E. CRAVEN.ingtonMiss Leona Wiard left Friday afternoon for her former home inSpringboro, Pa., to spend the Christmas holidays.Mrs. C. J. McLear left yesterdayfor a wo-weeks' visit to her brother-in-law,Mr. K. T. Vallaudingham, andfamily, at Owenton, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. Win. Farris leftyesterday for Birmingham, Alabama,to attend the wedding of Mr. GeorgeFarris to Miss Helen Abbott.Mr. Joe Davis has returned fromschool at K .M. I., to spend theChristmas holiday with his parents.i Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W. Davis.Mrs. James Sanford, who has been-v4-a4,guest of lier daughter, Mrs. JamesMetcalfe, on Man street, has returnedto her home in Knoxville, Tenn.The newly organized AuctionBridge Club will hold no meeting thisweek, but on New Year's Eve will beMr. and Mrs. James Thompsonand Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champe at-iPostmaster McCarnev has been in- tended the dansant at tre Phoenixstructed to deliver all letters on Hotel, in Lexington, Saturdey even-1which postage has been paid, and l ing.which are - addressed unmistakably I Misses Matilda James, Louiseand clearly to "Santa Claus" to re- Steele and Katherine Marsh havesponsible charitable institutions or returned from Margaret College, atreputable individuals who desire to , Versailles, to spend the Chnistmasuse them for philanthropic motives. ' holidays.1 Mr. Ben Fishback. of the Kentucky State University, at Lexington,FIWE WHISKIES.Sam Clay, Van Hook. Old Tarrwhiskies, eight years old, 1.00 perquart, at Ed. Slattery's. (x)POSTOFFICE WILL DELIVERSANTA CLAUS LETTERS.IMPORTED BASKETS.Fancy imported baskets of all kinds,at Bruce Holladay's.(dec8-eot-T)CHRISTMAS WHISKIES.CHRISTMAS DECORATIONS.Holly, Moss and Magnolia wreathsat Logan Howard's. 22-2tCHRISTMAS WINES.Call on Ed. Slattery for your Christmas wines. (x)The famous Wiggles worth whiskey,3 years old, only ?1.00 per quart.Eight-year-old Sam Clay, in fullquart bottles, only $1.00 per quart atour Main street and Tenth streetsaloons.(18-2) JOHN JOHNSON.A PIANO BARGAIN$350 Player Piano, $100.J. D. BURNAUGH.Telephones 455. (It)LIBERAL DONATIONS RECEIVED.The committee appointed by theBpurbon Health and Welfare League,whohave been soliciting aid for the"White Christmas," have been liberally cared for by our merchants andthe Bouibon people in general.It all our people will refer thecharitable cases coming under theirobservation to Mrs. Minnaker, thevisiting nurse, it would greatly facilitate the work of providing for theneedy.YOUR CHRISTMAS CAKES.Leave your order for what cakes youwant.C. P. COOK o: CO.THE PLACE.The good jewelryonly comes from Winters5. (18-Ct)SALE POSTPONED.The public sale of the live stock,cr-op, implements, etc., of R. B.Hutchcraft, to have taken place nearMuir Station, December 22, has beenindefinitely postponed, pending theexamination by Judge A. M. Cox,Referee in Bankruptcy.ARM BROKEN.While cranking an automobile atthe home of his patents, James Ellis,son of Mr. and Mrs. George Ellis,sustained a broken arm by the crankof the machine flying back and striking him.Clay's Sausage.(15-5t-T)CANDIES LONGO HAS THEM.Christmas candies of all kinds, at(x) TOM LONGO'S.BUYS COTTAGE.Dr. D. S. Henry sold Friday, toProf. J. S. Johnson, a cottage locatedin Rcsedale Addition, at a privateprice. Prof. Johnson was formerlyPricipal of the Paris High School,but resigned to accept a traveling position with a large book concern withheadquarters in Paris.ATTENTION, SHOPPERS!While doing your Christmas shopping call at my store and you willfind some very pretty and useful presents. I have the largest and mostbeautiful line of hair goods in CentralKentucky all styles and prices. Imanufacture your hair in any styleyou want. Many novelties, etc., toonumerous to mention. Best guaranteed hair restorer in the world.(ll-4t) MRS. M. A. PATON.EASY MONEY.Clay5s Sausage.GIVE THE BOYS A RAINCOAT.Good every day in the year.prices start at $3.50.J. .W DAVIS & COOurCash your "Bill Smith" checks atPARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.-BE AN EAGLE.has arrived to spend thewith his sister, Mrs. Cyde Huffman,on South High street.Miss Elise Varden, who has beenattending Margaret College, in Ver-sailles, has arrived to spend thei Christmas holidays with her parents,tu.mc Tn cat PIr- and Mrs- Geo- Varden.GOOD THINGS TO EAT. i Mr Jameg Thompson Jn is ask., ,. " 1 . nnnr. ling a few friends to dance informallyApples by the barrel and oranges b j fe . T Thursday, thefruits handled. Dressed fowls of allkinds, old country iams, city "hams,Better join the Eagles Lodge whileBourbon Aerie has a sixty-day dispensation. You may get in during thistime at the low cost of $5. Put inholidays yur Petition to-day. (15-5t)OPEN NIGHTS.The J. T. Hinton Co'sfurniture store willbe open at night untilafter Christmas. Besure and call therebefore buying yourChristmas presents.Suggestions For ChristmasThis season's holiday line is the most complete ancK'varied we've ever displayed. Here you'll be sure to find "'something for every one on your Ohristmas list. A few .suggestions are given to aid you in your Christmas shop- ;ping: j:Perfumes, Mirrors, Stationery, Fountain Pens, "Collar Bags, Toilet Sets, Jewel Baxes,Toilet Sets, Auto Stationery, Safety Razors, rManicure Sets, Post Cards, Toilet Waters,Parisian Ivory Goods, Leather Card Cases ,Pipes, Shaving Sets, CigarsRaphael Tuck 4 Sons' and Dennison's Christmas Seals,Cards, Tags, Etc.Come in with your friends you'll enjoy your visit. ,ne more cnoice gilts are selling fast make your seleions to-day reserve them until Christmas week.: ?ivS.The Ardery Drug Co.Clarke's Old Stand.Gifts that EndureThe very air is now charged with the spirit ogiving, for Christmas will soon be here. 'The choice and preferred gift is the one thaiendures, because it suggests the continuity of loveaod friendship. Such gifts you will find at thisstore.Our reputation for absolute honesty and squaredealing; extending over a period of sixty years, prortects you in every purchase made here. ,.We will be glad to assist you in making yourseleclions, which we will reserve for you.Come in to-day.u'Jwrt,10iy&!LO t6pAttMMWtMMiMtMNMHtHMHMHtOtMMMtlMtMMtMMmMMIimmmisausage. sDareribs. etc. Let us have!vour order for Christmas. ,tx) N. A. MOORE & CO31st, in honor of his house guests,who are schoolmates of his at Ashville Shhool for Boys.Miss Carolin Berrey, a member ofithe faculty of the Kentucky Collegefor Weomen, at Danville, is a guest of"ON THE HOG AGAIN."her sister, Mrs. Frank P. Lowry, on. Stoner avenue, with whom she willspend a portion of her Christmas vacation.Mrs. Ann Lucas, of Cynthiana,The Elks at their social session inthe lodsre rooms in the BourbonBank and Trust Company's building i visiti' relatives andto-night, will have s friends in this city, left yesterdaypig" supper, at which succulent and Bealimontf Texas where she willpalate-pleasing young roast pig uu d th wintjr with her daughter,he the chief subject of discussion. gaK LlJcas WaaWngton.The Elks are certainly seu.mg ur ,T,ee -m Qhiv daughter ofRev. Dr. and Mrs. B. M. Shive, ispacein the matter of social enjoymentand the way the members lowertheir antlers and go to buck-jumpingwhen the announcement is made otanother social session would makeeven a hermit sit up and take notice.HOME-MADE.improving from an operation for adenoids, performed at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, severaldays ago. Miss Shive was brought tothe home of her parents, in this city,Friday.The gathering at the dansant given' on Saturday afternoon by Mrs.Bronston and Mr. Getty at the Phoenix Hotel, was unusually large andTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.An itinerant peddler recently solda Paris woman some rabbits withthe assurance that they were squirrels, but when the good woman learned the truth at the dinner table shewas somewhat "peeved."DOLL GO-CARTS.fSee ourdollline ot Go-Carts, for theA. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.Ul-2t)SEE LAVIN & CONNELL FOR TOYSGreat bargains in toys, games, candies, nuts, fruits, etc. Suitable giftsfor the little ones, such as velocipedes,Irish Mails, roller and ice skates, wagons. . drums, guns, fireworks, fancybaskets, magic lanterns, etc. v'(18-2t) LAVIN & CONNELL.i4.very horn cast have aVlctrola for Christmas$15very attractive. The ball room waslOVeiv W1L11 UllgUl omiouuao ucjxo-Miss Holladay's Home-made Preserves and Pickles at Bruce Holladay's. ulecS-eot-T)! timic" Pfrh table beins: adorned withWO IV DERPULSELEC- miniature Christmas trees and prettyTION shaded candles. Miss Buchignani'sI orchestra furnished the music in aA xjvrknrictrftll SCICC-! hpnntiful nrosxam and dancing wastiOfl Of CHriStmaS Sft ' much enjoyed, the exhibition dancing jgoods in iwdiycan;mff---t TOUnd at nirt ldftftfis beinc the feature of the af-v tornnnni Mrs. J. S. Roberts, of Paris, enter-!CHRISTMAS." tained with an attractive party in)honor of her charming young aaugnNOTICE.The annual election of officers,Paris Lodge No. 2, F. & A. M., will beheld at 7:30 p. m., Monday evening,December 28, 1914. -All members are "requested to bepresent as a communication from theGrand Master will be read in whicheveryone will be interested.Signed Committee.(22-2t)ItFithian's."THE WHITEAs lareg a portion of the donations ter. Miss Margaret Ferguson, who isreceived for the "White Christmas" as at home trom school at Clifton, Cmill le necessary to give every per- cinnati, for the holidays. Her guestsson in Paris a good Christmas will NV-ere Misses Carolyn Roseberry,be distributed before next Friday, Martha Ferguson, Anna Emry,aud the remainder will be in charge , Frances Champe, Messrs. Charltonof Mrs. Harriet Minnaker,' the visiting clay, Hiram Roseberry, JamesnrCO r , wealth and Welfare Thomnson. Jr., Thomas Pnchard,league, to be used by her through the Ireland Davis and Hugh Ferguson,, of ,winter at her own discretion. Fans.The Women's Society of the Chris- (Other Personals on Page 8.)church will send their regumiNEVER MIND THEWEATHER SO THEWIND DON'T BLOW"Pit)$40$50I i .mmmtmmmmmmmm''mitmmmmmmm'mmmmmmmtmmmmMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmmtmmtm'$75$100$150$200tianPhotographs taken by artificialj light, rain or shine.Only a few days left and a big rushon hand. First come, first served...I work day and night. Forget thetelephone positively no calls answer-Christmas baskets to the poor, dul WMY turr cr v. . r.ihiQ vonr vr ht done in connection ; aithis year MDeoone j .mQQ,. ,. whv Rllffftr another minute? Van-... .,...!!ui- .! fciieh as ihine Rheumatic Powder will cure 1 ea-meat fowls etc 'ill be receired un-1 you. 'If your druggist will not supUI ThurTda'v when 0404? Py . Pd ,u. fl.Opfor a full, sizeceived at the office of tne jottU u. MMY mMPANvchairman, , Jr. b. i m rr I .tR - , . iiximton. Ky. V1M : .n ArttaHcA. RJQHN$No one need be without a Victrola so far as price is -concerned.But you may not get one if you don't order in time! . - ,There's always a big demand at the Christmasseason and some latcrcomerfj r naturally get left. . - $Don't you get left. Come in today and pick out the style you wisn anawe'll put it aside for delivery on Christmas eve.- The instrument shown above is the Victrola X, $75. - And besides the various styles of Victrolas,f there are Victors from $10 to $100. Esy terras if desired.yDaUGHERTY BROS.,FIFTH AND MAIN.M-SiV i1rf i-it-- 3.reopier isao bbuoih vr rf, . v. " &' - VI-5l.Sss.Jf,r . -!"." t'J .M .'-0-r s -fv.?-r,c .- i, ?n . .r. r atv'i f .K ",'-r1HE BOURBON NLWS,1PARIS, KENtUCKY, DECEMBER "se-P. '?:fci',?IH1&J. !i,H1 Vlb,litIt!lft ,&tt ;ftftfcif!r--Hib:t'i'itftA-Vihi1IIMSS '!EDW. BURKE,1 President.M. S. CAYWOOD, JNO. T. COLLINS,Vice-President. Manager,The Bourbon! Tobacco Warehouse Co. iParis, Ky.ANNOUNCE THEIR!En -tLi.' JL " 15-nk.X-iJbLiFORTODAYTuesday, Dec. 22diSecond house in Kentucky in amount of businesshandled the past season.Lowest selling fees of any house in Centraltucky.KenFAMOUS RESORT IS PASSINGJardin de Paris, Landmark- of GayCapital, a VIctlrrf ofEvolution.The Jardin de Paris is doomed.After a gentle decadence cif some tendeclining years it will perish, soon,with no pain, when the ChampsElysees chestnuts are shedding theirfirst rusty leaves. I noticed a sadchange in it when, after many years,I visited it a night or two ago. Thetrail of the moving picture was over itall.The Jardin de Paris was at its bestin the early nineties. It was one ofthe first, as it long remained one ofthe most "Parisian of open-air resorts.The Jardin was not solely or evenmainly a music hall, though therewere turns from 11 onwards for theamusement of women, fools, boys andtourists. Up almost to the very endthe dancing was the thing. In itspalmy days such curiously nicknameddancers as La Goulue, Grille d'Egout,and Valentin le Desosse Valentine,the ' boneless wonder were the particular stars of the Jardin de Paris.Untiringly they evolved in the tangosof the day on the asphalt flood surrounding the orchestral kiosk. Incomfortable fauteuils the chairs ofthe Jardin de Paris were deservedlyfamous sunk in a gentle after-dinnerlanguor, literary, sporting, and dramatic Paris watched their evolutions.Thanks to its chairs, the Jardin deParis became a sort of open-air salonin the summer months. Exchange.New SubscribersRECENTLY INSTALLED BYWAR WILL HELP-POTTERIESAmerican Industry Bound to Benefitby Changes in the Commerceof the World.Paris HomeTelegraph2010-2 Ardery, Ben B. residence.37 Blount, Mrs. A. R., residence..160 Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse.306 Burgin, Mrs. E. C, residence..202 Busy Bee Cash Store.390 Carr, Robert R., residence.366 Caywood, Miss Jane .residence.178 Chandler, Taylor, residence..355 Collier, Peale, residence'.5 Eagles Club Room.2003-4 Edwards, O., Shackleford Bldg.257 Ellett, James, residence..197 Ellison, H., residence.35 Ewalt, Sam, residence.287 Friedman, B., store.408 Gilchrist, J. E., residence.323 Horine, H. N., residence.480 Hughes, W. R., residence.500 Lancaster, U. F., residence.278 Lykens, G. W.f residence.402 Mast, E. L., residence.453 Merrimee, Mrs. W. T., residence.343 Meyers, E. B., residence.469 Monson, Charles, store.Telephone &Company121 Moore & Nutter, office.432 Moore, C. G., residence.2049-2 Neal, L. C, residence.3030-1 Parks, Ira & Son, garage.330-2 Parks, Ira & Son, residence.153 Reese, R., residence..266 Sauer, Wm., residence.69 Simms, Mrs. W. E., residence.199 Walsh, R. P. Residence.96 Wilmonth, Mrs. S. M., residence.,.369-1 "Wilkerson, Dr. W. C, office.394 Woodall, H. N., residence.2013 Wright, Clarence J., residence477 Wright, Mrs. Cynthia, residence.18 Y. M. C. A., office.MILLERSBURG EXCHANGE.24 Ardery, W. E. residence..136-3 Hill, A. T., residence.62 Jones, Charles, residence.NORTH MIDDLETOWN EXCHANGE15 Judy, B. F., store.16 McDaniel, John C, residence.4 Rash, Bert, residence.Ok Paris Rome Cekpbone ana Cehgrapb Co(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.We solicit your patronage and guarantee courteoustreatment and prompt service.. 'tNOTICE.' Dr. W. C. Wilkerson, formerly oflittle Rock, has opened an office inthe Deposit and Peoples Bank Building,, on Main Street, for the practiceof his profession.Dr. Wilkerson has been a practicingphysician in Bourbon county for thepast twenty-eight years.W. C. WILKERSON,Home Phone, 3G9; Cuinb.' Phone, 741.(ldec-tf) Paris, Ky.FOR SALEPROMPT ACTION WILLSTOP YOUR COUGH.When you first catch a Cold (oftenHandsome Antique, Solid Mahogany Wardrobe, claw feet. Photo ofame will be furnished on application.AddressTHE BOURBON NEWS,.(tf) Paris, Ky.Winter TouristRates, indicated by a sneeze or cougiI it up at once. The idea thatnot matter' often leads icomplications. The remeaimmediately and easily penetii lining of the throat is themantled. Dr. King's New Disoothes the irritation, loosensphlem. You feel better at once.reakdoesiousiiichtheThe American demand for severalminor mineral products will be stimulated by the changes in trade with Europe, with the result of increasingmaterially the production for 1914 andfollowing years, says a bulletin of theUnited States Geological Survey. Inthe case of pottery this movement toward a stronger hold of the domesticmarket is already well under way.The production in 1913 was the largest in the history of the industrv. The iunderlying cause of this prosperity jis no doubtthe improvement in the jcharacter of the American product intexture, finish, color, decoration, and ithe prevent! r:i cf crazing, the higherStock Reducing Sale!The unseasonable weather has placed us in aposition where we must sacrifice goods REGARDLESS OF COST. A few of the many bargains instore for you:$2,000 Suits and Overcoats $13.9S1 9.00 Suits and Overcoats 11 .981 5.00 Suits and Overcoats 9.981 O and $12.50 Suits and Overcoats $8.98Every garment in the house reduced at suchgrades of American pottery equaling low DrlCeS VOU Cannot helo buvinSf.If not surpassing some of the best ini-1ported ware. For many years the ivalue of the imported pottery exceed- jed the value of that made at home,but about the close of the nineteenth Scentury domestic production caught jup with imports, and since that timeit has greatly exceeded them, the production in 1913 being nearly four itimes as great in value as the im- jports. There was, however, last yeara considerable decrease in exports ofpottery, a record which should nowbe reversed by reason of the changesin the World's commerce that have 5become inevitable. jJSALE IS NOW ON!TwinBrosClothing and Shoe Department.WOLLSTEIIM, Prof.Blackfish in Cape Cod Bay.A school of blackfish which hagbeen in the waters of Cape Cod baythe ! for several days, has become stranded'If 4-1,.1 u t yjii liiubeach, near Provincetown.ATTESTIOIIt14Do You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Round trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily from Oct. 1st, 1914, toApril 30, 1915, to all principal touristpoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico,Texas and Havana, Cuba, with finalreturn limit May 31, 1915, with verylibeval stop-over privileges. Also lowround-trip Home-Seekers tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, Louisianaand Mississippi, on sale first and thirdi Tuesdays of each month, with, finalreturn limit vfteen days from date ofsale. For further information, call onor address,J. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.eeuieu io leacn lie very spot of my; Blackfish were verv plentiful forty orShi? m 'ears aS'' but after 1SS8 nonetimonials. oOc at your Drueerist ' W . ... ,. --j win. ii ufafaiou. . ,,.Qra coon liiitil in fli frail re 1Q11(adv-dec)DO YOUR SHOPPING EARLY"He giveth twice who givethquickly." Equally does he givetwice who shoppeth early andsendeth his present so that itwill arrive on time. Do yourshopping to-day; send yourpresents to-morrow.were seen until in the fall of 1911J Blackfish are also called "pilot! whales," deriving this name from thefact that in a school one always actsas the guide. They are very valuablefor the oil they produce. Each mammoth fish contains about a brrrel ofj oil. A blackfish is a sort of miniatureJ whale, varying in length from six tot twenty-two feet, and weighing fromV &mtt mm B W 9 m H m m Jt&BHi!PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.Lve. Court House. Lve. Station 54Severe Head PainsCaused By CatarrhCured By Peruna4U0 pounds to a ton each. Their skinis as smooth as satin 'and jet black.Years ago each fishing shanty along jme cape shore was equipped with itswhaling equipment dory, harpoons,iry-pois ana lances. ;acn time aschool of the mammals was sighted! there was a contest, in which the firston the scene was the winner. Exchange.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.SPHGLCilSTELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone1Q1T iBBHIIP-3WHYtake chances with.your fowls?Bourbon Poultry CureIs absolute and quick death tothe germs of roup, colds andother lsfecttocs diseases. Alew drcps in the drinkine waterkflls the diseae perms and preheats sickness. One 50c bottlosaakes 12 gallons of iBedlcice.At droreists, or by saaH, postpaid. Vlable poultry too; free.KMMK NHW Cf.. tui'aflM K?.7:10 a m7.45 a m8.15 a mS.45 a m9.15 a m9.45 a m10.15 am10.45 a m11.15 a m11.45 a m12:05 p m12.45 p m1.15 p in1.45 p m2.15 p m2.45 p m -3.15 p m3.45 p m4.15 p m5.15 p m5.40 p mC05 p m6i30 p mCity Limits Only.7.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m3.30 p m4. DO p m5.00 p m5.30 p mJT5.50 p m'6.15 p m6.40 p mr I-..v.v.v.v.5VVAVortCsKRSSBV: :--:-:-xi:-x:v.-xfflSfipfcI Feel ItConscription in Great Critain.In the United Kingdo n a form ofconscription was create d bv the ballotj act of 18S0, which provided for allt-pv t maies oi over nve teet two inches in3. xJMVy tO ' height and between the ages of eighAyTU J ' teen and thirty being called on toIVJ.cllllS.lllU.to Let AllKnow ofMy Cure,PerunaDid It.serve in the militia, but this law isj held in abeyance by act of parliament.In May, 1904, a royal commission rej ported in favor of the conscription, but' the suggestion did not survive the 'J resultant severe criticism. 'i The use of the pressgang has al-,t ways been legal, but is not now taken .'t advantage of. Seafaring men and :others were liable to be pressed into !the king's service in times of emer-i gency without any notice.s:J aaaBeattBKaMSMBSBBBjHBjjBjjjOn your trip to Florida this season , why not stop at Chattanoogaand visit the historic battlefields ?Three Through Trains Dailyoffering unsurpassed facilitiesfor Florida travel betweenLexington and Jacksonville"ROYAL PALM"(Queen & Crescent Route i 1 0.20 a m (Daily)Arrive Chattanooga (Queen a Crescent K jute) 5.45pm (Same Dai)8.40 a m (Next Da )Leave LexingtonArrive ChattanoiArrive Jacksonville (Southern Railway)"OHIO SPECIAL"Leave Lexington (Queen & Crecent Route) 10.50a m (Daily)Arrive Chattanooga (Queen & Crescent Route) 6.15 p m(SameDay)Arrive Jacksonville (southern Railway) 9.20 a m (Next Day)ECFLORIDA SPECIALSILeave Lexington (Queen & Crescent Route) 1 0.45 p m Daily)Arrive Chattanooga 'Queen & Crescent Route) 6.40 a m (Next Day)Arrive Jacksonville southern Railway) 9.1 0 p m (SameDay)For Fares. Florida Booklet crC. sV.'pingf car reservations, call on or address:H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket AgvntlOl E. Main Street, Phone 40Lexington, Ky.W. A. BECKLER, General Passenger AgentCincinnati, Ohio(.C N.O. & T. P. RY.)ANDSOUTHERN RAILWAY.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p Ei2:50 q. m3:38 p m4:20 j m: p m6:0 p m7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p m , ;Daily except SundayLeaVe Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a xn12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:65 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m10:05 p xnMr. W. H. Chajiey. R. F. D. 2. 1 Religion' and Dancing. A v x J MSuiherlin. Pittsylvania Co.. Va.. i TVia nnn ,.,,. a t..i , E mmi sm. m 1 J f j IMj av j rwrite: "For the past twelve months "Z "ZrirX ". "W".W a i aTES 1F(JOneS ICdtimU V.t h.n.v wn ffwr fmm nt ' luai JJU,' U1 " "'""ve religions, 1Z v - LMof the head. Since taking four hot- , a?fd 1S on PrimItve religions thatties of your Peruna I feel like a j a". the warrin& creeds of today are jdifferent person altogether. The se- bui't. In this matter of religion and ;vere pains in my head have disap- ! the dance Americans are, of course,peared, and my entire system has ! most familiar with the dance ritual !been greatly strengthened."This is my first testimonial to thecurative qualities of ' any patentmedicine. I feel it a duty to mankind to let them know of Peruna.In njy estimation it is the greatestmedicine on earth for catarrh."We have thousands of testimonialslike Mr. Chaneys.of the Red Indian. You must not scoffat the religion of Poor Lo, because theIndians who yet survive still love thedance.Rare News, Indeed.The Hartford Courant. "the oldast 'Some of them I living newsaper on the csntinont ' 'were cured after years of suffering recalls with pride, that "it published!uipaumiwcu w uuuue a. iy.a TiorA ratinn nt 1A ij news." Well, the Constitution of Um !. United States would be newi to aj good many people, politician iiclrt9d, now. Newr York Sin. ':andreme.dy.Send for free copy of "Ills of Life."The Peruna -Co., Columbus, Ohio.t Those who bjoct to utfuid mdi-cincsvcan new procure Poruipai Tab-lets;1Let us Make that Last Winter's" Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your' clothes home,and -will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedto your satisfactiop.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40Pari Odoriew Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.Wnite Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.S ,t. wA'.vj.''o:'vs!THE BOURBON MEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; DECEMBER 22 1914t4s99QSsm9w9tg M " '' 1 t'ttt Mill HU 11 111 I m 1 14. 4.44UST WEEK THE TOY DEPARTMENTWAS CRO DED AGAIN.There Seems to be No Decrease in theinterest Displayed in Our BeautifulAssortments of Toys, Dolls, Etc.'Mothers and children both continue to come to our'Land of Toys." Those who came before said that everytime they visited this department they saw something new.Surely you can't see everything in one visit!Come, whether you want to buy or not. Bring thechildren and let them enjoy seeing the wonderland of toyshere. This is the last week we can assure you of completefor by tomorrow so many purchsses will have been madethat surely many things will be sold out. You 11 like toshop early when you can get such bargains as these at suchlow prices. Make many visits to'The Land of Joys--The Land of ToysThe Land of Delight for Girls and Boys-"25c TOYSDollsDrums Pop Guns Boy Scout OutfitsBuilding Blocks in WagonIron Toys Painting Outfit BooksTidley Winks Rope Toss Pitch-a-Ringv S. History to Dare Steeplechase , Bath Tub ToysAuthors . Horns Puzzles Tool Sets50c TOYSDolls Complete Train Outfits Doll BedsLarge Pop Guns Elevator Building Outfits Box BallChina Tea Sets Modlwood Toys TiddledebatsHumpty Dumpty CircusBig Game Hunter Sand Toys & Rapid Fire Cannon$1.00 TOYSDolls Doll Carriages Doll Trunks " Doll BedsFine Train Outfits Repeating Air RiflesMeccano Builders American Model BuilderVhite Furniture Giant Soldiers Steel WagonsCompendium of Five Games .Tool Sets Battleships Tea Sets .ScootersBORN WITH A SILVER TOOTHBaby Had Filling in One of Her "TeethIdentical With NervousMother's.Detroit, Mich. In the class withbabies who are born with, gold and silver "spoons" in their mouths is littleMarjorie Arline Davis, the seventeen-months-olddaughter of Mr. and Mrs.C. C. Davis. But in her case it's a silver filling in one of her teeth, according to her fond parents and the familydentist.A few days ago Mrs. Davis noticeda dark spot on one of the little girl'slower teeth, and since the chHd hadnever teeen taken to a dentist themother knew that the tooth had notbeen filled. But it resembled a silverfilling so closely that Doctor Taylorwas asked to look at the spot."It's as perfect a silver filling as anyone could put in," said Doctor Taylor."I have heard of such things before,but I never before saw a tooth likethis."Doctor Taylor recalls that at onetime he filled with silver the tooth inthe same relative position in Mrs. Davis' mouth as the filled tooth in thebaby's mouth, and afterward put acrown on it. And since Mrs. Davis isvery nervous while in a dentist's chairboth she and the dentist agree thatthese facts may account for the appearance of the filling in" little Marjorie's tooth.!MRS. WHITMAN AND DAUGHTERPile Drivers Sandy AndyMotorsWOLF, WILE & CO.Formerly'Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, KentuckyMt"'MHSHlfr.frlM"XIIlf' 4M4Hfrg.fInn2iJC3SF'fcS-asatefNOW !IS THE TIMMmTo Buy Your, Fall and Winter Shoes. 2JoThe only thing youwant to know is the shoestore that sells the moststylish and most reliableshoes shoes that lookgood and are good andgive you satisfaction inevery respect. This shoestore isFeld's Shoe Store,On Main Street,Between Sixth and Seventh.rCom fWhen Ma (taEvsrything must be spic and span and withal cheerful and glowing with Yuletide warmth.As a Hrst aid to clean flues and circulatingheat units allow us to recommend a way and meansFox Ridge CoalBy virtue of its purity performs just such offices inthe home of many and many a fellow .townsmanwho is to be a holiday host.For that Xmassy exuberance Fox Ridge Coalsure noes wonders:Dodson DentonParis, Ky .w-j- q-..ii M.;n St. Both Phones 140l ru, "UUUI.SICK HEATACHE.Sick headache is nearly alwayscaused by disorders of the stomach.Correct them and the periodic attacksof sick headache will appear. Mrs.John Bishop of Roseville, O., writes:""About a year ago I was troubledwith indigestion and had sick headache that lasted for two of threedays at a time. I doctored and trieda number of remedies but nothinghelped me until during one of thosesick spells a friend advised me totake Chamberlain's Tablets. Tis medicine relieved me in a short time."For sale by all dealers.(adv-dec)LUKE Mct-UKB SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)Some women nag and some womenweep when they want anything fromtheir husbands. And one method is asdisgusting as the other.A barrel of potatoes will do a poorfamily more good than ten barrels ofsermons on Charity.You may think that molasses inwinter is slow. But just watch a woman in a street car making room foranother woman.What has become of the old-fashionedwoman who used to wipe hernose on her apron?The old-fasnioned man who used touse his money to feather his nest nowhas a son who uses his money to colorhis nose.When a man's neighbors are betteroff than he is he knows that Opportunity made a mistake in the numberof the house.Every woman hopes some day to beable to wear a ?50 hat. And everyman knows that there ain't no suchanimal as a $50 hat.This is a specially posed photographof the wife and daughter of Gov.-electCharles S. Whitman of New York.Mrs. Whitman was formerly Miss Olive Hitchcock. She was married toMr. Whitman in 1908. Little Oliveis their only child.GOAT EATS SHEET METALDO YOUR SHOPPING EARLY..WALTER MARTINERNEST MARTINNEW UVERY STABLE!New Carriages, Buggies,Etc. Special AttentionWeddings, Funerals,Dances, Etc.RunaboutsGiven toParties,Horses Boarded By Day, Week or Moith!Hauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Transfer Busi-Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streeplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS.Stables EigthSt, Main St.Both Phones'j"He gives twice who givethquickly." Equally does he givetwice who shoppeth early andsendeth his presents so that itwill arrieve on time. Do yourshopping to-day; send yourpresents to-morrow.MASTER'S SALEOFLANDBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Mary E. Rogers' Adrar.Vs. Notice of Sale.Jos. A. Hiklreth, &c-&c, Plaintiffs- Defendantsfil.00 sioftBefore Buying Your Christmasm Presents Stop in and See OurI SPECIALIVUIC DICICTCII AH Ad DA3IH-I3ICourt Levies Fine Owner for Animal's Meals in FactoryYard.La Crosse, Wis. Each day for aweek a quantity of sheet metal disappeared from the back yard of theH. C. Thomas factory. A watchmanwas unable to catch the thief and wasdischarged after working nights fora week. The sheet metal continued todisappear until one noon, when Mr.Thomas saw a goat enjoying a midday meal off one end of the pile ofsheet metal. Mrs. Carl Gillmeister,the owner of the goat, was fined $1and costs by Judge Cronon for permitting a goat to run at large. Afterward the fine was remitted, when shepromised to keep "Billy" lockQd in thebarn and carry tin cans to him insteadof permitting him to forage for hismeals.Under and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court, render-1ed in the above styled action, the undersigned Master Commissioner, willsell at public auction to the highest jand best bidder, at the court house !door in Paris, Ky., about the hour of j11 o'clock, a. m., on iComposed of Staple and FancyEatables. Just the Thing forthe "White Christmas." ' .MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1915,following described property, to-FAMOUS OUTLAW HORSE SHOTWest's Greatest "Bucker," Only OnceConquered, Is .Shot to EndSufferings.Cheyenne, Wyo. Steamboat, knownthroughout the country as the champion bucking horae of the world, isdead. He was shot to end his sufferings from blood poisoning.Scores of bronco busters in all sections of the West have essayed to ridethe famous bucker without success.Dick Stanley, of Portland, Ore., whorode him during a world's championship contest in 1906, alone is said tohave conquered the old outlaw. Butthe glory of his contest was somewhat dimmed by the fact that the fieldwas heavy with mud.Steamboat was seventeen years oldand for many years had been a familiar figure at wild west celebrations.thewit:Beginning at G, a stone "in the oldBlue Lick Road, a corner to the 301.32acre tract, and running therefromalong said road S 78, W 6.89 chains;thence S 75 5-8, W 19.15 chains to I,stone in said road; thence with roadand with John Roseberry's line S 4,W 24.78 chains to J, a stone in theeast margin of road a corner to 301.32acre tract; thence leaving road N 68,E 22.65 chains to U, a stone cornerto said tract; thence N 671, E 16.54chains to Y, a stone corner to stake;thence N 30, W 18.00 chains to thebeginning, containing 65.64 acres.But under the will' of testatrix,Mary E. Rogers, one acre is reservedfor burial purposes as follows:"I do now except and reserve from ;the operation of my said will and codicil one acre of land on the tract of 65acres now occupied by my brother,Jos. A. Hildreth, to be laid off so as toinclude present burial ground thereon, in which my father and my motherand husband and child and othermembers of my tamily are buried, andI now will and direct that the saidone acre shall be used and maintainedperpetually as a burial ground for themembers of my family, &c," and thesaid acre will be reserved with theright of ingress and egress.Said sale will be made upon thecredit of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money,purchaser being required to executebond for equal parts of the purchaseprice, with good security to be approved by the said Master Commissionerand payable to said Commissioner,bearing interest at the rate of 6 percent, per annum from date of sale until paid, and to remain a lien upon theproperty sold until fully paid, and tohave the force and effect of a judgment.c a. McMillan,M. C. B. C. C.TALBOTT & WHITLEY, Attorneys.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.T. C.lenihainIVLCash Grocer. Both Phones 234V,GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALIEI.BOTH'PHONES DAK 137; NIGHT 389.JnlMiII$"X,,IMJ,,I",I,fBOY OF TWO IS A LINGUISTSpeaks Four Tongues as Result ofDiversity of LanguagesAbout Him.San Antonio, Tex. Heinz Tiemann,Jr., the two-year-old son of Mr. andMrs. Heinz Tiemann, is said by hisfond parents to be developing greattalent as a linguist Although only atthe age when many babies are just beginning to talk, this baby is said tospeak well in four languages. Hisfather always talks with him in German, his mother in English and Italianand Spanish friends of the family inADDITIONAL DESCRIPTION.The above described tract, containing 65.64 acres, is a good home for aman of small means. The said landhas thereon the following improvements: A comfortable brick residence of 8rooms and cellar;A 3 acre tobacco barn;Stable and ice house, large brickmeat house;The tract contains some tobaccoland.Two never-failing springs and pond.The farm iS situated on a good dirtroad one mile on the old Blue Lickroad, 6 miles East of Paris.Possession will be given .of theabove land on March 1, 1915.For further particulars, apply toJ. H. ROSEBERRY.E. T. Phoa 62Administrator Mrs Eva. ine J Rogersestate. j.WISTOBACCO?Is It Worth Insuring?iUNIONCertainlyCENTRAL II i isLIFE INSURANCE CO.t Strongest Company.Lowest Net Rate.i Miss Kate Alexander it AGENTAsk us to give you therates. We give especial attention to all farm business.Try us. Call 36 or 171 day,56 night.!W. 0. HINT0N& SON,? THE NEW FIRM. J.I..X..i.H..X.j..I..HiiX..t.H..Hiii.X..tliHi-iIf women did get the vote Fatherwould have to eat down town aboutthree months in the year while Motherwas out campaigning for one of herriends.I ALSO SOLICITFire, Windand Automobile ::Insuranceand will greatly appreciateyour consideration.MISS KATE ALEXANDER4wt 1 1 u tnHii itnmtTThisjs a free country. That's yrhy"NTrt roan wVm avar trie? tn hoolt hiswife's dress up the back can go around l every man believe that he ka.a ritktvnrine' tbof hr novpr WiartP a UllR- W lUrUO UUltU 1UBBW USMft W J 'x- t' 'I their language.-. w J(5-12-19-dec-3t) Ttake.ions... J.-"'stt- fc'frJ,--"7I '."Vrfi., , 4.-T . ' . i ' ' - ' ''A. ,jrr4 ,,3THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 22, 11914Iflw.LairtI5?8II:iS OF MiLLERSBURGSOGLANDPERSONALBring your children in to see thetoysat Jones Bros'. (18-2tMiss Dorothy Peed, of the Birmingham Graded School, will arriveThursday for the holidaysThe M. M. I. and M. G. S. willclose Wednesday for the Christmasholidays. The M. G. S. will reopenMonday, Jauna'ry 4, and the othersTuesday, the 5th.Come in. and avoid the rush andhave your presents put away until youwant them.f!8-2t) JONES BROS.Miss Nannie Louise Best, who isstudying in New Yoiti this winter wasrecently invited to play hetbre theKentucky Society there. Miss Bestwae received moot enthusiasticallyand" her artistic interpretation thoroughly appreciated.Messrs. In gels and Shaw, of the"Mount Joy" picture theatre, will givea special benefit matinee Wednesdayafternoon for the benefit of theCnristmas charities. All the proceedsaie to be-used for that purpose. Itas certainly commendable in thesegentlemen, and they should be greeted with a full house at both entertainments. Don't forget the cau&e;Iqt everybody come.We have a larje line of cu- slussand China to select from(lS-2t) JONES 13ILOAnnual election or Amity Lodge-wgB take place Monday afternoon at3; SO in the Hallock Lodge room, I.O. O. F. All members urged -to bepresent. At 6:30 p. m. the annualbosquet will be held in the MasonicTemple. Every member of AmityLodge is requested to be accompanied !by a lady, as this banquet is especi-1aHy prepared for members of thelodge and their ladies. No invitations ,ivifi be extended to others than mem-jbees. An interesting evening ispromised jAt a dinner given by Dr. and;J&rs. W. V. Huffman, Saturday even-;was then cut and the following received the emblems: Ring, MissGeorgia McDaniel ; the dime, MissMary Elizabeth Ingels; thimble, MissVerona McKinney, and the darning!needle to Miss Frances Burroughs. I ,r T rMiss Hurst is the eldest daughter! Mr. J. W. Bacon has returnedof Mrs. Minnie Hurst, her father, the, from a business trip to NHopkmsville.late F. F. Hurst, who was at the time i Rev. W. E. Ellis attended theof his death Secretary and General meeting of the Missionary Board ofManager of the Hurst Home Insurance i the Christian church in Cincinnati,Company. She is a popular and tal-' Friday.ented young ladv, with a large circle Misses Ellen Lilley and Nellieof friends throughout Kentucky. Pullen, of Shelbyville, will be guestsMr. Smith is a member of the class ' of Mrs. James McClure during theof 1913 of M. M. I., and since then holidays.has taken a special course in agricul- i Mrs. Rachel Barlow and daughter,ture at the Kentucky State Univer-1 Mrs. I. L. Smith and baby, arrivedsity at Lexington. He is a son of yesterday from Pensacola, Fla, for aMrs Jeanette Smith. The wedding j visit with Mrs. Frank P. Kiser.will take place on January 6th, and) Misses Frances and Marthathey will go at once to Texas where Steele, who are attending Margaretthev will make their future home. College, in Versailles, will spend theMiss Jones is the only daughter of holidays witn tneir aunt, iurs. jonnMr and Mrs. C. H. Jones, of the JW. Thomas, in Mt. Sterling,neighborhood. She is bright and ac- Miss Ruby Cantrill has returnedcomplished and is a favorite in soci-. from a six-weeKS visit to relatives mety. Mr. Cannon is connected with J Missouri, and spend the holidays witha friendship plate by Miss Leona Letton, and presented to Miss Ingels.Upon returning to the parlor the; hostannounced to the guests that he hadan important announcement to make,and when they were led on the highedge of expectation, he wished them"a Merry Christmas" and "a HappyNew Year."HMCHOICE INVOICE OF FRESH NUTSMixed nuts of all kinds, at(x) TOM LONGO'S.FANCY CHEESE.Edam, Pineapple, Roqueford, Neufshatel and New York Cream Cheese.C. P. COOK & CO.the Bourbon Home Telephone Company, with headquarters at Paris, andis a promising young business man.CHRISTMAS WHISKIES.her sister, Mrs. G. Shropshire.Mrs. 'Anna Talbott, mother of.Sheriff W. F. Talbott and AttorneyRobt. C. Talbott, is very ill withpneumonia" at the home ofMrs. Russell Mann, on Pleasant street.The famous Wigglesworth whiskies j rvnss Marian Lynch, formerly in3 years old, only $2.00 per gallon. i atruetor in the Physical Culture de-Eight-year-old Sam Clay, in full j partment of the Paris Public Schools,quart bottles, only, $1.00 per quart, at ' na3 arrived from New York, to be theour Main street and Tenth street guest of Mrs. Thomas McDonald, forBIRTHSsaloons.(18-2)JOHN JOHNSON.THE NEW CASH SHOE STORE.the holidays.A former Paris man, Mr. Eugene13. Rogers, who was for many years awell-known engineer on the Louisville& Nashville, with headquarters inJust received a new line of Nettlcton pari hag beR elected Secretary ofloes in all leathers, tan, vici and t;e CUy pure Ice & Cold storage Co.,shoeschrome calf. Newest in English lastsnew shoes, new styles.(x) GEO. McWILLIAMSTHEATHCALAt the Columbia Theatre.j in St. Louis, Mo. Mr. Rogers liasj large holdings of stock in the comi pany.1 Three more cases of typhoidfever have developed the past weekon the Plum pike near North Mid-dletown a son of Green Walling, aj son of A. J. Pence, who has had two! cases in his family, and a Mr. Puck-! ett. This makes seven or eight cases-At the Columbia to-morrow after-' on that pikeins to about thirty of their young ( noon and night will be shown Episodeiriends, the approaching weddings of No. 2 of the great film story, 'Zudora," j ard Hawes Chapter, United DaughThcmas Kennard Smith and Miss the lirst episode naving appeared lastGladys Armstrong Hurst and Mr. Wednesday. Marguerita Snow ap--An interesting meeting of Rich-ters of the Confederacy, was held attheir room in the court house, Satur-BORN At Ft. Springs, in 'Fayette county, on the 16th inst., t thewife of Dr. Walter Cox, formerly ofParis, a son.FINE WHISKIES.Place your order early with Ed Slattery for the finest wines and whiskies in Paris. (x)CHOICEST OF FRUITS.Fruits, candies, mixed nuts of allkinds, for the holidays, at i(S-5t) TOM LONGO'S.LADIES, READ!Don't forget we have all kinds ofbeautiful Christmas novelties. Thesegoods are new and up-to-the-minute instyle. The prices will surprise you, asthey are very reasonable.(ll-4t) ' MRS. M. A. PATON.i The Busy Bee casn Sioie: Our Motto: " More For Less." fA BEAUTIFUL DISPLAY OFTOYSj Novelties, China, Glassware jAt Remarkable Low PricesFOR THE HOLIDAY TRADE.Pictures of every description, handsomely framed; leather goods in the JWlb'am Henry Cannon and Miss j pears as "Zudora," James Cruz as day afternoon. Mrs. William GarrardNetjcv Mvnheir Jones were announced It was generally understood thati$k wedding of Mr. Smith and MissSrst would be announced on this53prjsiorL, but the other announcednint came as a surprise to theirnaziy friends. The home was beautifaliy decorated. Cupids and hearts-were in evidence in the dining room.A delightful menu was served, con-"Hassim Ali," and Harry Benham as Talbott, the president, presided. One"John Storm.'These pictures are each complete inthemselves, but each ose so thrillingand exciting that the spectator is ledon from one to the other in the greatest expectation.This is conceded to be the mostwonderful and dramatic story everwritten for the motion picture screen,listing of turkey, old country ham, ! and everyone who saw the first en-orrier patties, light rolls, ices and!cakes. After the supper little MissKstherine Vatight Judy, acting, asBan Cupid, entered the dining room,bearing a telegram from the "Godsof Matrimony," which was presentedi Jiiss Nancy Jones. On opening thessjg a pair of hearts fell out of thetelegram, reading: "Mr. Thomas Kenhs.tK Smith, Miss Gladys ArmstrongHizrst, on January 6th, 1915." Aftercongratulations, another telegram waspresented to Miss Frances Burroughs,Wife, more hearts and cupids, whichretl: "Mr. William Henry Cannon toXtes Nancy Mvnheir Jones, early inthe spring, 1915." The wedding cakestallment will be sure to want to seethe succeeding ones.CHRISTMAS WHISKIES.For your Christmas whiskies, wines,etc., try Ed. Slattery's best eight yearold at $1 per quart. (x)BEAUTIFUL ENGRAVING.of the most enjoyable features of themeeting was the recital by MissAnne Talbott Ewalt, daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Jos. Ewalt, after the routine business had been disposed of.The News acknowledges receiptof several copies of The Raleigh Register, published at Beckley, West Virginia, containing a notice of the workof Mr. W. C. Potts, who is conductinga- travel tour and automobile conteston. that paper. Mr. Potts will be remembered as having conducted a contest for the Bourbon News in 1912.His many friends here will be gladto learn that he is making a successof his contest on the Register.About thirty guests were entertained at luncheon Sunday evening byCall and see our .samples of embossed Monogram Stationery, Engraved Private Greeting Cards, CallingCards, etc. Place your order now forthe holiday season.(18-2t) PARIS BOOK CO.latest novelties. Copyright books,latest fiction, 50 cents. Games forthe children as well as the grown-upfolks.(18-2t) PARIS BOOK CO.-JCandiesflYrAi Sfl ir9iiafiua 4-s aIas!- (wrm lr i CWVV.& JV TUAAVIAW0 l.V klV.V HVilll, UUTT11 IV I Uka pound.Mlixed IN titsStrictly fresh, at 1 5c a pound.OrangesSweet and juicy, 20c a dozen.APPLES, BANANAS, CRANBERRIES, ETC.F 1SHELLED NUTS, RAISINS, CURRANTS, ETC.A LARGE ASSORTMENT OFFIREWORKS!(Notice to Stockholders.The stockholders oftural Bank of Paris, Kentucky, will jmeet at the banking house on Monday, iJanuary 4, 1915, between the hours of jw " r s -i-i ir ri nir it rnnrnnp 'a t. in. atiu o jj. in., lv cici. uucviuia ifor the ensuing year.J. W. DAVIS, President.Attention, Girls and Boys !Save your Tickets and try to get that beautiful J$10.00 DOLL or that "Dandy" $10.00 WAG- 2J ON free of charge.JSee Dodgers for full ex- $! a WBft HHHBlWv VIBfc VW QQL11U -M-a1 ivlll- (2Z!Big Bargains In Our GroceryDepartment.J. J. McCLINTOCK, Cashier.(22-td)Stockholders Meeting1iThe stockholders of the Deposit andMr. Clarence Waoson, at his home on j Peoples Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will j fthe Ruddles Mills pike, near Millers- meet at the banking house on Monday, 'burg, in honor of Miss Elizabeth j January 4, 11)15, between the hours ofIngels, the bride-elect. The home was i l) a. m., and 3 p. m., to elect directors 'beautifully decorated with red coma- J for the ensuing year.tions. Good wishes for the bride-BUSY BEE mn STOREFee's Old Stand, Main St., Paris, Ky.1THE BOXIN'.!E. BSDrOR, President.elect were expressed on the guests' S. E. BEDFORD, Presidentplace cards, which were collected on j .(22dec-td)BOUT ATTHE PARIS GRAND.KOpen Every Evening Until Xmas.liimii ti BggBHaBaEaacBaEaA 1915 Art CalendarI" I il5 2fcjF DatesS? S (MAIL CROCKS TILLED)p-mTTHE LASTFEW DAYS!aIf --- Xm2!ALKLVERThe boxing exhibition to be givenat the Paris Grand Opera House oni next Monday night, December 28,' promises to be one of the best attraci tions that has been given in Paris' for some time.J The first bout will be the prelimi-nary, a four-round contest between(Albert Finney, the terror of KidStout's Cafe, and Jonn Fizgerald, thefastest thing in Paris. The otherpreliminary will be a five-round bout' between Albert Johnson, the heavy-t weight champion of Paris, and' "Works" Jones.The main bout of ten rdunds bei tween "Bud" White, of Cincinnati,I and Chester Myers, of "New York,should be a screanv. White will arrive in Paris Thursday, and will finish his training here.NEWS OF SECRET ORDERS.0SThe Second Degree was conferredon Mr. Walter Lail last night at thet regular meeting of Bourbon Lodge I.O. O. F. Two candidates will receivethe Royal Purple Degree in the Imperial Encampment to-morrow night.What are the lodges doing?This is the time of year for them tomake their meetings interesting.;. Prices,, 25c to $1.00i(,22-2t)FANCY NUTS IN SHELL.The People This Vear Have Realized That The SENSIBLEGifts Are The Ones Most Appreciated.I SLIPPERS MAKE AN IDEAL GIFT!The greatest line of Holiday Slippers ever shown Slippers plain and Slippersfancy Slippers for every member of the family are here atClean-Up Prices. Every Holiday Shoe and Slipper Must Be Sold.Ladies' and Gentlemen's High Grade FootwearOf the Walk-Over and Other Famous Makes, All Styles,At Specially Reduced Prices.Christmas Slippers For Men, Womenand Children.Ladies Fur Trimmed Nullifiers, all colors SQ.C to $ 1 .49Eadies' Comfortable Felt Slippers, all colors, at o 49cMen's Turn-Sole Nulliffers, black or tan 99c to $ 1 .49Men's Felt Slipper and Everetts 49c to 99cA f-t7V X.--'TfZs-TJi'iTrOpen EveningsO "9 PPThere isn't a store in Paris tliat canequal them.C. P. COOK & CO.SEE LONGO ,FOR FRUITS.Select line for the Christmas trade.Oranges, 15, 20, 25 and 30 cents perdozen; grape fruits, six for 25 cents,and four for 25 cents; extra fancy apples, 30 cents per peck; bananas 15cents, per doz, at(18-3t) - TOM LONGO.NOTICE.Notice is hereby given to tenantshave all snow and ice removed fromis front of their places of businessand dwellings. There is a city ordinance governing the removal -of snowfrom sidewalks and this will be rigidly enforced. Failure to complywith its provisions will result infines being imposed.FRED W. LINK,(22" It) Chief of Police.CHRISTMAS WHISH1ES.The famous Wigglesworth whiskey,3 years old, only $2.00 per gallon.Eight-year-old .Sam Clay, in fullquart bottles, only $1.00 jer quart, atour Main street and Tenth streetsaloons.(18-2) JOHN JOHNSON.MARIONIAL.HERRINGTON HAM.At the Court House, Thurday,Mr. Joseph Ham and Miss BerthaHerrngton, botli of Bourbon county,were united in marriage by Magistrate Ernest Martin. The couple secured license from County ClerkPearce Paton.EIGHT YEAR OLD.Have you tried Ed. Slattery's eightyear old whiskey at 1 per quart? Ifnot, try a quart. (x)4-- ','ivPublic Sale-OF-Stock of Groceries!3ST CO KC E! 1ST isGreatest Shoe Store jWe will sell our entire stock ofstaple and fancy groceries, located inthe Myers .store room, on Secondstreet, onTUESDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1914,beginning at 7 o'clock p. m. Everything goes to the highest bidder.DAVIS BROS,Second Street,' t ' - - Paris, K..Geo. D. Speake,Auctioaeer.' .WeThankYoaFor your patronage during the year of 1914,and extend to you ourbest wishes for the NewYear and trust that success and prosperity willber yoursSincerely,Paris 6askctrico.C22-ltK ..- ...(lBCrforatd.)t. - j " N- ,v-A3. ,. CivoTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 22 1914,QU0R REACHED THE SPOTr Made by Assistant NeedHave Worried the Dispenserof Drugs.Not' allace Irwin is fond of telling a. i about a Scotch sheep herder whotchod nto a western town which: n recently gone for prohibition. He'. fred a drug store and, as was cus-ai-, made a signal on the sodaiter. Xow, the proprietor was out,'h3 assistant, a young lad, under--.iding the Indian sign, took a bot-, from a shelf and helped the cus-t rr to half a cobletful of brownt; id. The Scotchman smacked hisj -. paid his score and went his stolidc'nortly afterward the proprietor. j o back and said to his assistant:ny business?'Scotchman came and tapped theMORE ABOUT TWILIGHT SLEEP.In the January Woman's HomeCompanion appears an article entitled "Is the Twilieht Sleen Safe forMe?" The article is authnrativA. having been read and approved by one ofNew York's well-known nhsfotripnlspecialists. Following is an extract:"In the cases of the very young,the comparatively old, the debilitated,and those suffering rrom serious diseases, like kidney disease, this treatment is emphatically inadvisable.Doctor Gauss reports that, at Freiburg, only 70 per cent, of the appli-cants are accepted for the treatment.Of this 70 per cent., 80 per cent, of thecases respond satisfactorily, giving aresult. of 56 per cent, success. In thehospitals in this country now using thetreatment the cases are so carefullyselected that in only about one quarterof the confinements is the TwilightSleep employed. Another reason, ofcourse, for this small proportion istllO font llo- Vi nnfUnn ..: 4.1,I wi, im,t umi iuc paucuia ciucimg tuc:4M-GIVE A HOOSIER CABINETFor Christmas This YeanKnow on the counter," replied the j wards of a hospital often come in too-. "so I g:ave him some." lie point--o the bottle of brown liquid stand-? alone on the ?helf.r.rcat heavens, child." shrieked the7' pnetor, "that ain't whisky. That's'uine acid!"'ableau.or two weeks the draggist lived- life of a hunted m?:i. lie dis-ried his helper. mad'1 his wll.' Tfinplated suicide and sppt- real. f ne advertising for the v idow ofw unfortunate customer whom hist-pletsness had sent to an agonizingFTh. Just as he was about to sur-'Vr to despair he was suddenly re-red by beholding the same Scotch'p herder, healthy and matter-of-'; t. shuffle into his drug store, stepif the counter, beckon mysteriously,;,' .1 whisper:Losh, laddif . Ye maun gie me a(. nippie. And mind ye pour it outc' he same bottle. It's a wee bitt'ng. but it puts heart in a mon!"CLOR IN OPERATING ROOMSLirsing San Francisco Hospital HasDone Away With the All-WhiteIdea So Long Popular.5: Luke's hospital, San Francisco,?c abolished the all-hite operatingfcra and its surgeons and nurses wear,'k: clothes instead of white. The"T-on for this is two-fold: First, the7:chological effect upon patients,Wbuiy of whom said they weretrightened by the glare of the whiteroom, and, second, the effect upon thejnrfon. This is expressed by Dr. H."H. Shtrman in the following words:. "The discomforts I have had in theprefcent-day white operating rooms led jrro to j-uggest that we have dark floorsar,C -wainscots in these rooms, so, that j1fc operator who looks up from a iTvound shall not encounter a glare of3fht and find his eyes useless for amoment as he looks back into thewound. The color scheme, it seemedto me. should start from the red ofthe blood and of the tissues, and therefore I advised that green, the complementary color to red, should bechosen as the color of the floor andwainscot. The particular shade of"green to be selected was that whicht as complementary to hemoglobin,.?.nd this was found to be spinachgreen."far advanced in labor to permit of thisreliei."It may be true, of course, that asthe details of the treatment are morescientifically known and more thoroughly mastered Twilight Sleep maybe used in many more cases and in agreater variety of types. There maybe other subtile details, like the controlling of noise and light,' yet to bemore fully adapted. The stenficant.supremely encouraging fact is the perfect working of the treatment in thecases where it is suitable."With this question of limited adaptability comes another proposition: Inorder to determine whether or notthe Twilight Sleep will be of use in aparticular case, a woman should always have the opinion of an expert.As a corollary to this preliminaryjudgment by an expert stands the factthat, when the treatment is administered, it should be given by a trainedobstetrician. There will be charlatanswho will take every possible advantage of this new path to fortune, andthere will be the type of physicianwho, wrhen the patient insists uponhaving the Twilight Sleep, will administer it with insufficient knowledge."Obstetrical experts are right whenthey maintain that it takes a greatdeal of time and experience to learnhow scientifically to administer theTwilight Sleep. It entails a preciseknowledge of the nature and resultsof the drugs, scouolamin and narcophen, and a nice observation of thesymptoms of the mother-to-be."SANTA CLAUS HEADQUARTERS.The Hoosier Save Mile of Stes.It will save steps in your home. It saves supplies; itsaves waste; it saves time and energy.Nothing you could put in your home will do so muchfor your wife or mother as this wonderful new Hoosieri Cabinet.t 40 Labor-saving Features l7En-tirely New.This Hoosier has all the practical conveniences thathave been suggested by thousands of owners. Not asingle practical suggestion for its improvement has beenmad'e since we have had it on the floor.20,000 Hoosier Cabinets were given for Christmaslast year. This year the demand will be greater, and oursupply will undoubtedly be exhausted. ' Come early.Make your selection while our stock is complete. If yourwife isn't delighted with your choice3 we will refund yourmoney.A?wSO"'v'.Jl-isv 'Vi"White.ArfwfiW m Lg ifciwhIn your rounds shopping for toys,etc., don't fail to visit our store lotsof things to please the little folks, suchas express wagons, velocipedes, fireworks, nuts, candies and the bestfruits of all kinds.fx)N. A. MOORE & CO.PAY ONLY $1.00pjj p Then, after that, a dollar a week until you havecompleted the small cash price fixed by the HoosierCompany. No extra fees, no interest.Until you have examined the Hoosier Cabinet,you can't appreciate its beautiful finish, its rigid construction, and its wonderful convenience. But themere fact that 700,000 people already have boughtiHoosiers, and are delighted with them, is your safeguard. Any one of them had the privilege of receiving their money back if they were not pleased.Not one Hoosier owner has asked for her money.Come in tomorrow and let us show you whatthe Hoosier will mean in your home before it is toolate to get it for Christmas.The Crcwd Habit.An iuteisting article in the DailyKews, Loudon, speaks of our dependence upon life in crowds as follows:"The thing begins in childhood; weare taught in crowds; brought up ina mental and physical crush. The educationalist still talks of the theory ofindividual instruction and pedagoguesplace it in their prospectuses, but it isonly fheir joke. This collective schoolL'e not only stunts growth moral, intellectual, even physical, not only killsindividuality under pretense of rubbing off the corners, but brands theL. & N. PAYS EMPLOYESCHRISTMAS MONEY.Christmas money to the extent ofseveral thousand dollars was left inParis, Monday, by the L. & N. paytrain, several days in advance of theregular time, in order that their em-!ployes might have the money before!Christmas to "Do Your Shopping!Early." The pay car usually reachesParis about the 15th or 16th of eachmonth, but in December it is generally arranged so that the pay of the employes can be given them two or threedays in advance.To the merchants of Paris thismeans a great deal, as the patronageof the railroad people and their families who make Paris their home is anitem of considerable importance.According to its annual custom theLouisville & Nashville railroad hasplaced on sale holiday excursion ratesfor all points in Kentucky and theSouth. These rates will hold good returning until and including January 6.Tickets will be sold at one and onehalf fares, plus 25 cents. No ticketswil be sold to points north of the OhioRiver or west of the Mississippi River.A. F. Wheeler Furniture CoX Main Street.;CHAS. GREEN, Manager Opp. Court House.A44444AAA44444A444444444444444A4AAAftttt(tt)MMMJFOREST NOTES.NOTICE.children's brains with the convictionParis, Ky., December 5, 1914.and Heads ofthat life can be lived only in a crowd." . Notice to PhysiciansIt is-well for all teachers to instill Families:the value of quiet study and time for ' The law requires that all contagious"thinking out things," quite apart f i omother people, into the minds of theirscholars. In this feverish age, as it issometimes called, we all, teachers andpupils alike, need to believe in ouroun individual mental ability, uninfluenced by the crowd.Where Safety Lay.Even the war has its bright side.Tv:o negro porters were discussingit as they waited for a train to pullinto the station."Man," said the first, "dem Germany submaroons is sho'ly gwine to-sink de British navy. Yas, sir-ee,dev's sho'ly gwine to 'splode dem na--te!boats dat's waitin' out yonda."v "Sho!" said porter No. 2. "An'.ats gwine to happen den?"yWhy, dem Germany submaroons'llcome right on 'cross and 'splode derest ob de naval boats ob de world.Dat's what'll happen den. Sambo!"Well. Inokv heah. Gawce. Ain't Iyo' an' me better declar ouahselves acouple o' noot nootralities?"'Man," said Gawge, "yo' all kinenootrality if yo' wants to. Ah'm aGerman !" New York Evening Sun.Name for the Indian Children.Small people catch on to much more'from the talk of their elders thangrownups generally suppose, says theCaldwell News. A little girl of fourand ae-half years one day last weekas poring over her primer. It wasa lesson about Indians. The -motherexplained the,, pictures to the littleone, telling her some of the customsof the trib, and ended by telUnJwrthe Indian ckildra- wretltod"papoos." Tfce next dsgr4:iifrwas heard to wid:" 7to JtMWdo aot li ia stotMt, mtheir chitfm Bog ttooff'and infectious diseases be madeknown to the Board of Health asearly as a diagnosis of the diseaseis made. The penalty for failure is$5 for each day thereafter not so reported. Will it not reasonably occurto the responsible party that almostirreparable results may follow negligence in this matter? Please be governed by the law.A. H. KELLER,President of the Health Board.(8dec-tf)A girl may forget to go out withouther jacket, but she never forgts hercoat of talcum powder.GoodiesChristmasLet UsPill YourOrder.Shelled Pecans, 50c the poundOranges, 15c and up per dozenBulk and Fancy Box CandiesFancy Fruits and Nuts of AlKinds.OtDEIS F0I ICES OF ALL' KI1I1S PtOMTTLY FILLED.AJADAMIA great deal of the oak used on thePacific coast comes from the easternpart of Asia.To guard against tree repair fakersor quack tree surgeons, the Massachusetts Forestry Association will inspect the shade trees belonging to itsmembers, free of charge.The Sihlwald, or city forest of Zurich, Switzerland, adds to the town'srevenues $7.20 per acre a year, reducing the amount needed to be raisedthrough taxation by more than ?32,000.In Northern Idaho and Montana,which had many fires the past summer, 35 per cent, of the fires onNational forests were caused by railroads. 26 ner cent, bv liehtnine. and10 per cent, by campers. The remain- i comes to getting a divorce. tder were due to brush burning andother miscelllaneous or unknowncauses.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.' (Cincinnati Enquirer.)' A young man doesn't know it, buthe will be a whole lot better off ifhe marries a healthy girl with her ownshape and her own complexion andwho can keep house and cook than hewill be if he maries a girl who hasnothing but her Pawpaw's bank account to recommend her.The High Cost of Living wasn'tsuch a much when the waltz was considered a risque dance and when theorchestra for a quadrille party consisted oi a fiddle and a mouth organ andcost a dollar a night with a drink ofcider thrown m.It they have fieen married longenough it often surprises a man to seehow agreeable his wite can be whenthej have company and she has to puton her company manners with him.Most people get married in June.But any old month will do when itabout his weakness and claiminghe takes the stuff for Medicine.thatDO YOUR BUYING EARLYAND AVOID BIG CROWDS.Remember the crowds thatthronged the stores last Christmas when you were buyingyour presents. Avoid thesecrowds now by doing yourshopping early.A mountain lion recently killed inthe Grand Canion game preserve,which adjoins the Tusayan nationalforest, measured ten feet from noseto tail. Mountain lions and otfeerbeasts, such as weaves, coyates amdwild cats, are killed by forest officersand game wardens because they are a,menace to stock and to game animals.GOOD APPLES.Not cheap apples, but good applesWinesaps and Albamarle Pippins, vC. P. COOK & CO.vThe Rummy has his faults. But hedoesn't make matters worse by lyingf -r -rue M mi ms 1t Mm M mMm mH IUI mm9TO THE PUBLICANDESPECIALLY THE EARNERS !I HAVE OBTAINED A LICENSE AS ANAUCTIONEERTHE "PRUDENT MAN'TAKES NOLONGJCHANCESHEKEEPSHISMONEYSAFENTHEBANKI Wave practiced the prof essioiTf or a number ofyears and am a'good one. I solicit the trade of thepublic in this line. Anything you have to sell in 'way of jReal Estate, Farm Product, Household orKitchen Furniture, Mock, Cro, Etc. iwill be sold by me at a reasonable price. Give mea chance at you J business" I will guarantee to getas high a price as any auctioneer in the State. Callme over either phone, or,' better still, call at myplace of business. Phones: Cumberland 226, Home242.Morris Vangrof f,- s- , - - -Prop. Park Fumisur Cq, ' : , 71 6 Main Street!V T .J,'-, , .C . --,-, " , '. 1, ' ' . .. - " 'fmi&my&m&p'Wfr-if v j . ' "rv'fdS llllA IvI I 45ta-JrbJ1 LiLM-nsp: mwmzw nmsh wmam M&mI9 ImMi ylSBVihh mirmimi r,im vJH H WBSbI7IhBiimv l w IilT-HbPImlimitt i MMim m mMl 18Hil ' iffTl'iftJfiTIJIm 'ill'i'iliirHIHi II ilItHImiI I n ra I uBWWi slf lilt I iil li mi II imlilflfi Jsau I IUI " IB El Wms.o &&--.1 -J zk1:?-?"l'aWhen making an investment it is absolutely FOOLISH j. 'for a man to send his money a long way off and trus ?Jm - v rlsomebody who has not good enough standing at homeyto"stUhis Get-rich-quick schemes THERE. ,When he Invests at home and WATCHES what 'htdoes a man often gets "plucked." " - ,We will cheerfully give you our opinion on investments" xat any time. We may save you a loss.' Make OUR bank YOUR bank. -We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLESCAHTAL -$l,WMSTQOattLKtS' LWHIT Y . . . l5t,M.MV-,w,;i.BANKMM-.:-.'.? -.v,',fts-!C lV "b.mmm nifsiitrs,a-JSi SMPflORB PfftM90k'X,-mmMK. THOitASv,JUwrf'VI-1.. jt-A .'-; J. KY.ton sin hid Htm.I Telephones No. 364-A?vprCs J"".JV - ft !"TheJ.THB b JB" 'H'" SPMJXkJ. .r- v.jr - ic ---" VV w W W - r W TI5 v?1nawiag!k ' s-f vv-. (o j 8- s-z?azr e-iAar.:,uaikv:ax -hc WT?-7rE ' -". j rzz. - nfv a ji m. r iM.kuzBIS5ELL.S new"cyco" BALL BEARINGCARPET SWEEPERMAKES A SENSIBLESUITABLE CHRISTMAS GIFTFOR MOTHER,WIFE,SISTER0RFRIEND - AT ALL PRICESPWNOTE OUR OTHERCHRISTMASFOREVERYBODY7miH".J mante iV'W im;-ffi;v:cf . . fc,.,:,;,'. i , n &vvtg v- ' '-',. lr2Sfy.& ' ;j:" V.iBuy Suitable and Sensible Christmas Presents-Buy Them Here!don't Waste money on trash iHave Your Presents Put Aside Now and Delivered WhenYouWish. Extra Inducements to Cash Buyers.1 111 IB8$THISSewing ChairIs one of the VERY NICESTarticles for a Ladies' Present, It has a concealedrecepticle for thread, scissors, needles, etc. Alsosee ourLadies' WritingDesks and SewingTablesDoll Beds, Velocipedes,Coasters, Go-Carts, Chairs,Sanitary Table Chairs, CribsFor the Little Folksi .Hennecke Statuary,Hoosier Vacuum Cleaner!WnUbA fj& hlJk b&iw g (F4 peg pfaf p-L.ll Hi 1 W rjjrrli ff tit S mJrTm Trii 1 ! 1 1 . 1 ' i 1 ! 1 1 H rHi. v Tji MLfiGllaiBH Fl-.The PEER of all ChristmasPresents is a. . McDougall Kitchen Cabinet . .A set of Grand Aluminum Ware FREE withevery Roll Front Cabinet. The McDougall isthe Best made. A small payment gets one.We Are Open NightsJ f!lZMYr7m,77!rTr-T tmlrMftlvWwmk1.UJI L 'EDO!IPIHWe arc showing themost complete lineI f BRASS andIRON BEDSWe have ever shown.1 TheyMake Desirable Presents.We Try- HardTo Give The Best Values For Your:cTWoney. Look- Our Offerings OverTheseChairsHaveNoEqual'Push The Biittmuul Rf fitsHH), XV. --JIVN 1 rf'wm T e'Kstrf enGoods Delivered at YourConvenienceKindeL DavenportsAre the Acme of Davenport Construction..Give Yourself One For Christmasand you will' shake hands with yourselfEVERY DAYChristmas Comes this Year on25th!!Buy Here and Begin Right !Buy Here and End Right !You Can Find It HerePictures, Candlesticks, Mirrors, Pedestals, Jardiniers?Rugs, Davenports, Folding Beds, Dressers, Chifforobes,Brass Beds, Buffets, China Cases, Sewing Tables, DinChairs, Extension Tables, " -IVIartfia Washington Sewing Tables,Library Tables, Sanitary Couches, Blacking Cases,Cheval Mirrors, Ptocker, Writing Desks,Dressing Tables,Music Cabinets, Piano Benches, More Pictures, TableCovers, Wood Mantels, Linoleums. Mattresses, Blankets,Comforts,Globe Wernike Book Cases,sSome Pictures, Carpet Sweepers,. Easy Chairs, Costum-ers, Book Ends, Electroliers, Sanitary Couches, Refrigerators, Iron BedsAND PICTURESBuy Early While "Picking isGobd"Delivered on DemandTHE JTi( .HINTON COParis7f S il-p .A.VwSr1 r r '. Cor. 6th & MainPhones Un -.'4- . ist K