pt "aii r -jar-" Sl-a A 3JH ""- "J1 ' --.-i, C - - Titm-- mIC- PUBLISHEDEVFBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUMEJiXXXIIPARIS,, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1914.-V? u y . -j .,,- f --THEfBOURBOni-- . v m; m m- m -, ard5..,rv3fe &v - ,rp wf " 7m m - " -THE LATEST WAR BULLETINS.LONDON, Sept. 10. A dispatch tone Chornicle from Petrograd says:In Russian and foreign diplomaticorcles it is believed that Australia"rill sue for peace within a fortnights the only means of avoiding a complete hreaking-up of the empire, owig to rapidly growing internal troubles." WASHINGTON, Sept. 10. GreatBritain is determined not to make-jeace until she has decisively debated Germany. This sentiment hasneen. conveyed to Preidnti Wilson,n dispatcher from AmbassadorT-age at London.LONDON, Sept. 1. The Germanrperor has sent a protest against:ne ue of dum-dum bullets by theTTnglisli and the part taken in the"ar by Belgian civilians to-Presidentilson. The message was veiled intcrecy by the Government, and it isnt known what its attitude towardi e communication will be.WASHINGTON, Sept. 10 In theidst of the European war Great Bri; In, France, Spain and China havereed to sign peace commission:vaties with the United States. One- Ject of the new conventions wouldto prevent the United States fromaing drawn suddenly into the con: ct.SCHOOL DAYSLONDON, Sept. 10. That the enjiy was driven back all along theue yesterday is the news, cheering-j British readers, the Field Marshalr John French, commander-in-chief: th3 British expeditionary forceent to England this afternoon fromne battle line of the allies to theast of Paris.Field Marshal French's telegramo3 that fighting of the fiercestaracter is in progress.COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS.The City Council met in regularssion last night with a full mem-2rship present and Mayor -JHintonesiding.But little business was transactedrryond the usual routine.Residents of Cypress street between Sixteenth and Cypress petiT.Dned for the extension of the gasrrains to their locality.Three building permits were grant, one to Wm. Johnson for a one--3ryframe on Marshall street, ?50;Stuart & Williams, two-story brickapartment house, corner of Pleasantnd Tenth streets, on Pleasant, $5,r00 and Dodson & Denton, frame ad-tion to stable, Main street, 25.The Mayor and city fathers beingriixious to attend the performance atib Grand, the meeting adjourned.BUSINESS CHANGES.The Globe Specialty Co., of Cin-- unati, has purchased the stock of" othing, shoes, etc., of Atlas & Son,this city, and will continue thedsiness with Mr C. G. Lowry as-anager.Mr. Atlas and family will move torsailles where they will engage in, .siness.Mr. William Arnold, of Harrisononty has purchased of Mr. J. R.Tarner, of 'Ruddles Mills, his generalmerchandise business and storebuilding at that place, nd will takepossession about the first day of Jani ry, 1915.S-AR-SPANGLED BANNER IN SCHOOL.The centennial anniversary of thesiting of the National anthem,"The Star-Spangled Banner," will be-elebrated the 14th of this month bytae school children of this State.Superintendent of Public Instruction Hamlett,has requested all of theschools, both., public and private, tohs.ve the children sing the anthem atnoon on September 14.Nearly every State in the Unionrill celebrate the writing of the National anthem in the same manner."Schoc'J Days, School Days, Dear OldGolden Rule Days."There was more trading amongthe young and rising generation lastMonday and Tuesday in Paris thanwas ever before known in two days.Every old book regardless of gradewas taken to the book store and aneffort made to trade it in for newones, and oh, how many disappointedones there were when they weretold: "No good here; you will haveto buy new books."It is strange, indeed, what differences of opinion children expresswhen the first day of a new termcomes. Some will say they are glad,others will say they are sorry, forthey do hate to go to the old schoolroom again and work "readin', riten'en 'rithmetic." After all, howeverhowever young they may be, they appreciate the necessity of securing aneducation.The Paris schools have opened under the most favorable auspices, andquite a successful term is anticipated. Superintendent Hendricks haslost no time during his vacation inarranging for a pleasant and profitable term. The teachers of the various grades have had a good rest, andwith renewed energy and life, theyhave taken charge resolved to domore and better work than on anyprevious occasion and why shouldthey not?Now it is up to father and mother!to lend every possible assistance tothe children m their studies andtheir ambitions educationally. Encourage the child-pupils, help themon with their lessons. Visit theschool occasionally, speak a kind andencouraging word to the teachers andyou will rejoice at the close of theterm over the advancement of yourchildren have made. Rememberwhen your child comes home andorders new books that it's not theteacher's fault, but the law-makingbody of the State.KENTUCKYLOOKSGOOD TO THEM.After an exciting and enforced residence in European capitals, due towar conditions and the inability tosecure iunas ior a wnne, Mr. anaMrs. James Thompson and Mr. JamesThompson, Jr., who have been entour in Europe for several months,left Venice by way of Paris, France,and sailed from Liverpool on theSteamer Laconia on Sept. 1, arrivingin Boston on last Tuesday, the 8th.After a short stay in the Hub inorder to rest up the party resumedits journey and arrived here lastnight, prouder than ever of the Stateand glad to be again in old Kentucky home, far from war's alarmsand the discomforts of foreign travel, iOn the homeward journey the party 1came though Paris, France, whichthey described as ""being practicallydeserted save for the trampingthousands of soldiery going to thvarious fortifications around thebeleagured city, the returning hundreds of sick and wounded soldiers,and the women and children who hadbeen left to themselves when theirprotectors were taken to the front.Their journey from Liverpool toBoston was without any untowardincident, but when they set theirfeet firmly once more upon Americansoil they felt the thrill that none butthe returning traveler can ever experience. No mention was made of the whereabouts of Mrs. Sidney G. Clay anddaughter, Miss Alice Rogers Clay,but the presumption is that they aresafely in neutral territory, and willremain until their tour is completed.Mitchell & Blakemore'sNew Fall Hats. ire Ready For Your Inspection. -MR WALSH MOVES TO PARIS.Mr. Robert Walsh, of Mt. Sterling,bo will open a clothing establishment in the Saloshin Building on)ain street, now in course of construction, has moved to the city withfamily, and will occupy Mrs. Carre Innes Fisher's home on Cypressstreet. Mr. Walsh and family will beGladly welcomed to Paris. He hasm years been one of best-knownmerchants in Mt. Sterling, where he'as had a Jong and honorable business career.CASH CROW MAKES ESCAPE.Cash Crow, white, who has figuredin police circles in the city of Parison more than one occasion, made hisescape Wednesday afternoon fromthe county workhouse, while theguards were not looking, and has notbeen heard from since. Crow wassentenced to a term serving thecounty for carrying concealed weapons, and was one of a bunch of prisoners detailed to do some specialwork about the workhouse. Crowwatched his opportunity, and withoutgiving notice of a desire to changequarters, ,quietly took "French leave"and faded away like a mist in thenight. He made the prediction thatno jail would ever hold him very longand that sooner or later he wouldescape.A posse headed by Deputy SheriffsMarshall, McClintock and JaileiFarris immediately instituted a vigorous search of the immediate territory that might harbor a Crow, butthe bird had evidently flown for goodand could not be located. The searchis still in progress.While a prisoner iri the countyjail a year or so ago Crow made hisescape by scaling the walls, and wasnot heard of for along time until hewas located at an army post in Kansas. Patrolman Moreland broughthim back.DOYLE CASE DECIDED.Because under the laws of the Stateof Kentucky, . a non-resident cannotact as guardian of a minor, the casebetween Miss Margaret Doyle, ofLexington, and Mrs. Nellie HerrickHarvey, of Lewisville, Arkansas, formerly of Paris, which came up inJudge McMillan's Court, presentedinteresting features.The case at issue involved theguardianship and custody of littleJulius Herrick, only son of Capt.Julius Herrick, of Paris, a wellknown and popular L. & N. passenger conductor, who died some monthsago. The child's mother is alsodead.Mr. W. B. Ardery was appointedguardian of the child's property afterthe death of its parents, and Mrs.Nannie J. Herrick, its grandmother,was made guardian and custodian ofthe person of the child.Mrs. Herrick died -shortly after theappointment was made, and beforeher death her daughter, Mrs. NellieHerrick Harvey, now a resident ofLewisville, Arkansas, but who washere with her mother, was appointed guardian and custodian of the person of the child in place of thechild's grandmother.As a non-resident cannot act, asguardian, Miss Margaret Doyle, ofLexington, a half-sister of the child'smother, asked that she be appointed. The request was opposed byMrs. Harvey, sister of the child's father. County Judge McMillan held thatMr. Ardery was the guardian of thechild, but took under advisementquestion of its custody.SUCCESSORS TO DR. MATTHEWSWe beg -to advise you that we havetaken over from Dr. Clara B. Matthews.her entire stock of optical prescriptions. This places us in a position to replace your broken lenses to the correct STRENGTH, SHAPE andCURVE.Our prices you will find to be aslow as the lowest and our work thatfurnished by the best house of itskind in the country.We most earnestly solicit yourbusiness for replacing your brokenlenses or furnishing ne lenses asper the precscription for your glasseswhich we now hold.We guarantee you prompt andefiicient work, and best of all, quickservice from the factory.advance for anyTHE TINY HAT POPULAR.The jaunty little hat will be onert the popular shapes for autumn,twugh the wide canotier will be2cuch worn. The upstanding sprayi burnt ostrich gives the little hatrMdi dignity. Come in and let usiiow you our line.ll-3t) CORNE WATSON BAIRD.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.PARIS COUPLE FIGUREIN DIVORCESUIT.Alleging cruelty and neglect in herpetition, Mrs. Annie Owsley Roachhas filed suit for divorce against herhntshand. Daniel Roche. Jr., in theHamilton Circuit Court at Cincinnati The parties were married in Evansville, Ind., April 20, 1901, and havetwo children, whose custody the wifeseeks.' Some time ago, young Roche, whiledespondent over domeft4c trouble,attempted suicide by shooting himself. The attempt was unsuccessful,only a flesh wound in the chest being inflicted. On another occasionhe endeavored to procure poison totake with suicidal intent, but againthe attempt at self-destruction wasfrusrated. tStetson and Dunlap MakesThe very swell shapes with extreme high crown, narrowbrims, broad; natty bows in the back. The very thing forthe young chap who wants to be dressed right Allcolors Bottle Green, Seal Browns, Tobacco Browns andOtter Blacks.The Mitchell & Blakemore .Special $3.00 Hat fThe best sold anywhere for the price. Try one of thesehats. Remember our tock of Stetson Hats is the largestandbiggest assortment of styles shown, anywhere in thecity.Blakemore,The Store for Men's Styles Paris, Kentucky ftr A T TCALL1 Baldwin'so! - Phone 32HUMANFOOT FOUNDIN SHIPMENTOF COAL.Thankine you infavors shown us in this line, we begto remain, A driver for a local coal firm, whenrov-v trnlv vonrs. i in;nr a nar nf r.nal from the Li.SHIRE &TFITHIAN. j& N track Friday morning, discov-iered a human foot, with sock andu oii intaot in a snoveltui OiBIG REVENUE RECEIPTS.Taxes were paid in Frankfort,Tuesday, on 15,000 barrels of whisky,the receipts of the revenue office atthat place amounting to $61,000, thelargest on record. ,RETURNED TO LOUISIANA.Cincinnati Enquirer.)The local department stores are-tvertising the "Modesty" opaquettticoats for summer wear. Thettutt who invented them will never-et my vote. But, anyway, the"Modesty" opaque waist hasn't put inJi appearance. And that will -helpThe fellows who hadn't earned a'ime or done a lick of work in the'ast ten years are now vpry 'busylanding anmaa tke mAo9 debatingtte probable iMt otf a Buropeanar on bwuNpi mA Hf?w &'-Gentry.N. C. Mullins, insurance solicitor,who was recently arrested here onwarrants sworn out in Caddo Parish,L.a., was taken Tjack there by theSheriff of Caddo Parish, who arrivedwith requisition papers issued byActing-Governor McDermou. muumswas charged with vagrancy, and witha statutory offense, besides a chargeof jumping a bail bond of $250. Mullins made no comment on nis arrestother than to sy that he was expecting it to happen.- rBIG SALE OF PEACHES.coal. The discovery was reported toUndertaker Geo. R. Davis, who investigated the matter and found thecoal shipment was part of the coalthat was in the railroad wreck nearFalmouth several weeks ago, inwhich young Kenton, of Cynthianawas killed.Mr. Davis prepared the member forburial and shipped it to Cynthianawhere it was buried with the body.AGAINST HIGHERTAXON WHISKEY.nnrinir the Dast summer Mr. WmSauer has sold over $1,000 worth of,fine peaches from- the farm 'which, herecently sold to' Mr. Wm. C. BeU,ofthla count. Thepeachea !were oftatrn. fine aualitr an4 mmd a readyttarket in localSecretary of the Treasury McAdooand Commissioner of Internal Revenue Osborn are opposed to the increase in tax on whisky. They declare that it will breed illicit stmand will make fianancial conditionsunstable and unsettled.FOROystersDressed Hens" BroilersSpring LambChoice VealFresh SpareribsButter BeansCauliflowerCeleryHead LettuceConcord GrapesElberta PeachesAll Kinds ofwlieeSe & ImportedMODEL.GEORGETTE SAILOREach season Georgette brings onta new sailor model which immediate--lybecomes the fashion. This yar,the Georgette, sailor is soft of crownad curved- of brim and iaa a whiteoob pompon poised at front aadroar.We have a moat 8eoue liae-o afii-SU5 te&?ii'COUNTRYCLUBCAKES -GIVE US 0UR SUNDAYFRANKrNow Showing-NEWFALL STYLESIn Ail Lines.yvNO ADVANCEIn Prices.-5.tiORDER.BALDWIN BROS.$i7iASEE OURI rimmed Hatsv Nothing Overv $5.00. V-r4vvr ,Li W"'9FRANK & CO. JTlie Store Wtes Rlrifety Rite .W5,"&?i J-'rijf.-t&friXJfrirarvra , iffiBsrvri!!.-' f . ,i' r - vsj-j ' "v ,. . .r , J , - a s,-f- , J7T?;WJtmmW JAS.- r. (. - "j. vravrTEK"-. "- Ji&3 SUM? "" SinKTHE BOURBON NEWSJ PAfilS KENTUCKY. SEPTEMBER n IMiV - V , - . , . v - - - TWW"PWWiMWWMJ1Are You Suffering FromOAuto-Intoxication ffswv j. Intoxication"" "poisoning, orthe state of being poisoned, from toxic, substances produced within thebody." This is a 'condition due to the stomach, bowels, kidneys, liver, orpores of the body failing to throw off the poisons. More than 50 of adultsare suffering from this trouble. This is probably why you are suffering fromnervousness, headaches, loss of appetite, lack of ambition, and many othersymptoms produced by Auto-Intoxication. Your whole system needs stirring up.DR. PIERCE'S GOLDENMEDICAL DISCOVERY(In Tablet or Liquid Fmem)will remedy the trouble. It first aids the system toexpel accumulated poisons. It acts sis a tonic and finallyenables the body to eliminate its own poisons withoutany outside aid. Obey Nature's warnings. Your dealeria medicines will supply you, or you may send 50c for a samplepickage of tablets by mail. Address Dr.VJiLPierce, Buffalo,N.Y.The latest edition of Dr.Pierce's Common SenseMedical Adviser shouldbe in every family. Noreason why you shouldbe without it when it willbe sent free to you if yonwill remit cost of wrapping: and mailing 31 opecent stampa to Dr.V.Jtt,Pierce, Buffalo. N. 1.New DirectoryHome Telephone Company' The Paris Home Telephone and Telegraph Company are nowcompiling the data for their new Telephone. Directory, which willcontain 'the largest list of subscribers and advertisers since theorganization of the Company.The new Directory will go to press about October 1, and ifyou desire good telephone service at fair rates, your name shouldappear in this book.-' Call Manager's office, 427. Do it now.Sbe Paris Borne telephone and Cckgrapb Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.eftGET THE HABIT!IT WILL PAY!7Being unable to see all my friends and customers, I take thismethod of communication. As a direct result of the Europeanconflict, nearly, all the staple food stuffs have made sensationaladvances during the past month. Flour, Meat, Lard, Sugar,Coffee, etc., have all advanced and will probably go muchhigher.The terms which the dealers now g2t from packers and jobbers are becoming more stringent, to carry customers for thirtydays or 'longer and to allow for bad customers would make itnecessary to tie up a great deal of capital in the business, andas this advancement in prices has also caused a stringency inthe money market, it make it impossible to do business on theold basis. Owing to said conditions I have decided to put ourbusiness onStrictly Cash Basis, BeginningOctober 1stThis to protect myself and customers. By retailing for cashwe will be able to hold our prices down to the lowest possiblefigure, and urgently advise our customers ta adopt this newsystem you can acquire THE HABIT, and be .assured it willRAY YOU TO DO IT."Wje thank each and eyery one who has kindly patronized usin the past and trust you will continue business with us underthe new system.IT. C. LENIHANCash Grocer. Both Phones 234KVSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, sep. 13, 1914$1.251RoundTrjpWHii BrlwM IIP1.25RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINUavts GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS..Established 181 32 Years4 of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Bans, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter ot theSecond Glass.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKETFor SenatorJ. C. W. BECKHAM(Long Term)JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term)For CongressJ. CAMPBELL CANTRILL.EARLY NEWS FROMTHE SEAT OF WAR.GEN. JOFFER HOLDS GERMANSAT BAY.PARIS, FRANCE, Sept. 8. Parisis optimistic this morning.The leading military authorities ofthe city are convinced that GeneralJoffer, commander-in-chief of theFrench forces, is at last holding atbay the vast German army of invasion. The worn-out troops of EmperorWilliam are to-day encountering therelatively fresh soldiers of theFrench and British armies uponground selected by the allies and inpositions within easy reach of supplies and reinforcements.The Germans are reported in Parisunofficially to have asked for anarmistice to bury their dead and carefor the wounded. This statementlacks official confirmation. It isfurther understood that the allies refused the request.RETREAT REACHES ACROSS 150MILE LINE.LONDON, Sept. 8. The Germansare being driven backward inFrance. The afficial announcementsof the French War O'ffice, confirmedby the War Office, declare theFrench are on the offensive all alongthe line. The French center, forwhich grave fears have been felt, isdeclared not only to have withstoodthe general assault, but to have driven them back with enormous losses,and now to be advancing in turn tothe north. The French War Officedeclares the Germans are retreatingall along the enormous battle linethat stretches for nearly 150 milesacross France, to the east of Paris.250,000 -HUSSIANS WITH FRENCHFORCES.ROME, Sept. 8. According to theRome Tribune there is in France today a total of 250,000 Russian troops.A newspaper attributes EmperorWilliam's presence at Metz to thisconcentration of the Russians.RUSSIA TAKES 70,000 PRISONERSPARIS. September 8. In a dispatch from Petrograd a correspondent of the Habas Agency says thatthe Russians took 70,000 Austrianprisoners and 600 cannon of varioussizes around Lemberg alone. Theyalso captured 3 regimental flags, 41cannoon, 2 aeroplanes, 15 officers and1,200 men in other engagements inGalicia.TellerM RhAnma.tl.Tn. Rom Mim-, Xeuralgia, Backache, Headache ad4P. x our money bacic u it i&us to ima ache ia any part ot the bodylatUatea time.99 At AH XHWjrM.fte ami. eiMfar mmt. mm. tcmm.fjEMur cwrwtT.St.. LSNSftM, Kjjmffx 1 .11,Expert CarriagePainterMr. Percy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr.. C. M. Heck, for thepast S vers, has opened a shop at the'corner of Fouth and High Streets, andt solicits tk patronage of those aeed-tag tmjiking in. his lias. , , ;'- Botk Fhoiies 5M. ,-, 'THREE MILLION ENGAGED INBATTLE.PARIS. September 8.- The Germans advancing upon Paris havebeen forced to face about, and noware fighting with their backs to thecity, while the allies harass theirrear with cavalry and artillery, supported by infantry.The ominous and steady onslaughtof the Kaiser's forces, which havebeen hurled forward by leaps andbounds toward the fortifications ofI Paris, has been turned into a rearguard action, with the Germans inretreat.This does not mean that the entireGerman line is retiring. The Kaiser'sforces on the battle front number 1,600,000 men, according to close estimates, and they are distributed alonga battle line from Nanteuil-le-Haud-ouin,25 miles northeast of Paris,through ' Meaux to Sezanne, in asoutheasterly direction, and then alittle north of easterly to Verdun,trough Vitry-le-Francois, a front of120 miles.The general -action, which wasstarted on the allies' left when thepursuit of the retreating Germanswas taken up, was vigorous from thebeginning, and soon tvte full force ofthe united armies of the allies wasthrown into the conflict. Thesenumber 1,400,000 men, making thenumber of those engaged on bothsides about 3,000,000.ANTWERP, Sept. , (Via London.)The French legation here to-dayofficially confirmed the previously announced success of the Anglo-Frenchtroops who are said to have brilliantly driven the Germans back some fifteen miles beyond St. Quentin, inflicting considerable losses.LONDON. Sept ? In a desnerateatentfi' to connterbaUmce- the greatRussian over thevictories- of themain Awtirii;lkrtt in Getioia Qer-fRussianT,border,with Warsaw as, itsapparent objective.Supported by a great y armoredtrain, this force ms, its first opposition at VIoclavack, a small town 10miles within the Russian frontier, according to late dispatches arrivinghere.('"J, ll J lM f f V III' 1,1 gSfeBttgggg; i i i ! HHlfeteinm - w yr- m. l ' -ir f jwi jvI -i,- lia - .-- m.mmMT.m,m. IWo. ... r r -T" vw. -, v.j. ixw1 I1C 1JUUI UU11 11CW 5AW ' 'nr t s . -jbrewgnfjaif r i .? w.rnTa..j188?'S,COURSE OF STUDY INMOONLIGHT SCHOOLS.The course of study in the moonlight schools this year will include,besides reading, writing, arithmetic,drlls in language, history, geographyand civics, one hundred questionsand answers in each of the following'suujeuLs: xittciiiu. auu Ocuniauon,prepared by the State Board ofHealth; Roads and Road Building,prepared by Hon. R. C. Terrell, StateCommissioner of Roads; Agriculture,prepared by Hon. J. W. Newman,Newman, Commissioner of Agriculture; Domestic Science, prepared byMiss Mary E. Sweeney, head of Department Domestic Science, StateUniversity.CHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC CHOLERA AND DIARRHOEA REMEDY"I advised the 'boys' when they enlisted for the Spanish war to takeChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy witn them, and havereceived thanks for the advice given," writes J. H. Houghland, Eldon,Iowa. "No person, whether travelingor at home should be without thisgreat remedy." For sale by all dealers. (adv-sept.)WHEN YOU ARENERVOUSyou have the first symptom of a run-downsystem, and nervous people too often conceal their aches and pains and suffer insilence, while, if negKctedy this conditionoften foreruns more serious trouble.If those so afflicted would stop takingmedicine containing alcohol or drugswhich menace the foundations of health,and just take the pure, strengtheningnourishment in Scott'sEmulsion, it wouldcreate new blood to pulsate through theorgans, refresh their bodies and build upthe whole nervous system. It is rich,sustaining nourishment, free from wines,alcohols or drags. Shun substitutes!Popular Price ExcursionTo Cincinnati and Return13.$1.50For the Round TripSundaySent94Special train leaves Paris, Ky.f 8:20a. m., returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m.Natural Bridge,1.SOSunday. Sept. 13TRAIN LEAVES 10 A. M.'lAITwenty-seven Years Agothe first Cortright Metal Shingles were put ob.TheStandardEver5incThey're still on still in good condition, andthe only attention they've had is an occasionalcoat of paint.In addition to the lasting qualities, they'reFireproof, Stormproof and inexpensive.1 For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Miliersbprg, Kentucky.WBourbon Laundry?DWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.Siiin "oing up the finest shirt- iffv?aists or anything in the ifilaundrv line. That is-whav Wmade ihe Bourbon Lanndrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes btfck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how yonr linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.WWBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.icqBCCTrHi'flirjuflWeight? Yes. Wait? No."Now is the time to place your order for your Winter Coalat Summer prices.A FEW REASONS:We buy direct from the mines.We deliver direct from cars to your residence.We own our teams and can control deliveries.Our offiice is at the ard and we see that you get the coalyou order.We have no solicitors; you get his commission in the "better quality of coal.Every customer is satisfied with our coal delivery and become a booster.We never substitute.Many of our customers were burning the wrong kind ofcoal until advised by us.One a customer, always a customer.FOX RIDGE COAL is the coal that does the work.1.2.3.4.6.7.8.9.10.Low round trip Summer Touristtickets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct. 31, with very liberalgtop-over privileges. For further information call on or addressJ. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.. WWfcPEWP"Cured"Mrs. Jay McGee, of Stephenville, Texas, writes: "Fornine (9) years, I suffered withwomanly trquble. 1 had terrible headaches, and pains inmy back, etc. It seemed as ifI would die, I suffered so. Atlast, I decided to try Cardui,the woman's tonic, and ithelped me right away. Thefull treatment not only helpedme, but it cured me."TAKECarduiTin Woman's TonicCardui helps women in timeof greatest need, because itcontains ingredients which actspecifically, yet gently, on theweakened womanly organs.So, if you feel discouraged,blue, out-of-sorts: unable toWA do your household work, onaccount of your condition, stopworrying and give Cardui atrial. It has helped thousandsf women, why not you?Try Cardui. E-71Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.Yxcli, S.hMxiriSt. BdIJi Phones 140&&iQtoSSM&059ftt)JQMSfeGEO. W. DAVISFDNERAL DIRECTOR ANIHICENSED EMBAIMER.BOTH'PHONES DAI 137; NIGHT 299.Par5 Odorless Cleaning Co. IILet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedito your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work. 'Call up E. T. Phone 40.1Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sain Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25ci m 2The happy-go-lucky young man isnever that way when he gets old.There were a lot of disgusted girlsat a local bathing beach one day lastweek. A rainstorm came up suddenly and rined" their bathing gowns before they could find shelter.What has become of the old-fashionedman who used to wear a yardof crap on his, mat?b is. But a wIjoxi earn naltlt tbHandsome Resdence For Sale.l-My recidence on Mt. Airy is forale. Ome of tms Most laodsnr mssaesUt Paris.' Stsit oomYaaliass. Pros-A msji'lilwi to brae asot mow oM jtsUvr TKfr art tojaftpect, IPSA.ijfan .ifH fcMiMs; a4?) nmxrib2Tij -:4&CTi-piwae&vrz&m" r TOFSErarayKvaMTCLJAHJwiVKKKi7Mf. 3 -v . ;py7i!.lrAssigneeOF-Desirable City Residence,Building Lots and Personal Property.In the Matter of the Assigned Estate of George AlexanderW. O. Hinton, Assignee.Pursuant to an order of sale made in the above styled cause in theBourbon County Court, the undersigned Assignee, will, onTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1914,at the home place of said George Alexander, on the northeast corner ofPleasant and Eighth streets, in Paris, Ky., at about the hour of 10 o'clocka. m., upon the credits of six, twelve andi eighteen months, for equalparts of the purchase money, sell at public auction, free from home-steadand contingent dower rights, the property described in the order of salein the above styled cause, to-wit:"That tract of three (3) acres and twenty (20) poles of land lyingon the east side of Pleasant Street, and north side of Eighth Street.,in the City of Paris, Ky., it being the place known as the George Alexander Home Place, whereupon stands his residence.The said property will be sold in the following manner, to-wit:The rear premises will be divided into building lots and the saidbuilding lots and the front lot whereon stands the residence and outbuildings will be offered separately to the highest and best bidder andthen the property will be offered as a whole to the highest and best bidder, and the Assignee will accept the bid or bids aggregating the mostmoney therefor, with the privilege of withdrawing the said home place orany part thereof altogether, if in his opinion, the whole or subdivisionsthereof should not bring what should be realized therefor, with a viewof making a more advantageous sale.The divisions into which the property will be offered for sale will beindicated before the sale by stakes and lines on the premises for the inspection of purchasers. The purchaser or purchasers to execute bondpayable to the Assignee, bearing date of sale due in six, twelve and eighteen months, with interest thereonfrom date of sale at the rate of sixper cent, per annum until paid, with good surety to be approved by the.A.SS1T16GALSO PERSONAL PROPERTY.At the same time and place and beginning after the sale of the realestate, the Assignee will, pursuant to an order of the Court, in the abovestyled cause, proceed to offer at public outcry all household and kitcheneffects and other personalty and continue such sale from day to day until completed. Among the articles of personal property to be sold at thesale are the following:Oak Bed Room Furniture,Mahogany Bed Room Furniture,Mahogany Library Furniture,Mahogany Dining Table,Large Mahogany Side Board,Mahogany Dining Charis,Carved Mahogany Library Table,Mahogany Bookcase,Lot of Books.Parlor Chairs,Leather Chairs,Odd Rockers,Large Hat Rack,Antique Japanese Lamp,Mahogany Consol Table,Upright Grand Player Piano.Small Tables,Chiffoniers,Draperies,Genuine Oriental Rugs both smalland room-sizes some of them antiques. Wilton & Body Brussell Rugs andCarpets,Axminster and Velvet Rugs andCarpets,Pictures,1 Large Mantel Mirror,Bisque Figures,Japanese and Oriental Ornaments,Bronze Statuary,Marble Statuary,Large and Small Bronze Vases,Teakwood Pedestals and Tabourettes, Full Chimed Hirshaday Grandfather Clock,Large Chinese Vases,Bronze, Bisque and PorcelainVases,Odd Fancy Plates,Household goods may be inspected at residence before sale.The Assignee reserves the right to "withdraw any of the property to be sold, if in his opinion, the price bid therefor is inadequate. W. O. HINTON, Assignee.'KENTUCKY STATE FAIRSEPT. 14th to 19th, 1914 ,$3,000 SADDLE HORSE STAKE$1,000 UfktHanwM Stain $1,000 Ro.d.ter StakeSludent't Judfimf CoatMt ' Farmer Bojra' EacampmentTROTTING AND PACING RACES EACH DAYIFin Exhibits of Horse, Cattle, Swine, Sheep, Poultry, FieldSeed and Graia, Horticulture aad Woman's HandiworkCLEAN MIDWAY AND FREE ATTRACTIONSGRANDFIREWORKSDISPLAYReduced Railroad RatesJ. L. DENT,705 Paul Jones Building,If a girl insists upon wearing afmess of srrpem trimminzs on her hatshe can'f blame the man for thinkingi cmcKwi salaa when they see her.V vVSet of China Dishes,China Fruit Set,Cut Glass Vases,Cut Glass Pitchers,Cut Glass Dishes,Cut Glass Decanters,All kind of fancy Cups, Saucersand Plates,Knives and Forks,Silverware,Toilet Sets,j.Bath Room Furniture, jPorch Furniture, '"' ''Laundry Outfit,Kitchen Range,Gas Stove,Refrigerator,Numerous other articles usuallyfound in well furnished homes,Family Carriage Horse,Carriage and Harness,Hemp Machine,15 Shares Paris Opera House Co.4 Shares Bourbon County Agricultural Society,2 Shares Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.,500 Shares Citizens' NationalIns. Co., Louisville,11 Shares Fifth-Third NationalBank, of Cincinnati,1 Share L. & M. Rubber Co.,1 Certificate Fifth-Third NationalBank, of Cincinnati,5 Shares Chicago-New York Electric Air Line R. R. Co.,100 Shares Travelers' InsuranceMachine Co., t20 Shares Central and SouthernAdvertising Agency."BATTLE OF MEXICO"ForOUbgu. madEmlry Blaak Addre..Secretary,LOUISVILLE, KY.We are all liars. A whole lot ofDrosDective millionaires who marriedaieged. heiresses are now working ,1nara w support iuuj.Ta a.THE BOURBON NEWS P9EB9S59EfA PLArGUE OF MOSQUITOES.j Residents 6fparisare being greatly annoyed by mosquitoes, especiallythose living in the downtown districts. Since the rainy season set inthey have multiplied by the thousands, and have made the night hourssleepless and miserable for most ofthe people with whom they have become acquainted. One young womantold a News reporter recently thatthe particular brand of skeeters thatnow infest the city do not give theusual warning of their presence byrendering a plaintive high-pitchedsolo, but that they steal upon theirvictims silently and stealthily, get intheir drills and make a hasty getaway before they make their presence known (and left.) As proofof her assertion the aforesaid younglady proudly exhibited a badlypunctured forearm upon which thenocturnal marauders had been feasting.II Paris has developed a "singless"mosquito, it should go a little fartherand develop a "stingless" one.ONCE FAMOUS BEAUTY DIES.Mrs. Mary Shreve Ransom, 75years old, noted society belle of antebelium days, and often styled "themost beautiful woman in the South."died in Louisville, Sunday night.Mrs. Ransom was the widow ofGen. H. P. Ransom, of Civil Warfame. She is survived by four children, a brother and two sisters.WANT JAMES IN CAMPAIGN.The Democratic Central Committee of Maine and the DemocraticCongressional Commftttee jtnvittedSenator Ollie James, Saturday, totake active part in the Maine campaign that will come to a close September 14. They have asked him todeliver speeches at Augusta next Friday and Dover the following day.Public BeingOFSPLENDIDBLUE GRASS FARMSMonday, Oct. 5, 1914.1st As agent of Joseph H. Clay, Iwill rent publicly, at the Court Housedoor, in Pans, Kentucky, about thehour of 11 o'clock, a. m., onMONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1914,to the highest and best bidder, thefarm containing about 364 acres, belonging to Joseph H. Clay, lying andsituate on the Escondida Stationturnpike, near Escondida Station, mBourbon County, Kentucky. Thereare upon this farm two comfortabletenant-houses, with the necessaryoutbuildings attached, About 7 acresof said lands are to be cultivated intobacco, about 127 acres in corn, 45acres in meadow, and the remainderin grass; that in meadow and grassto so remain. The lands so to becultivated 'in corn and tobacco arethe same lands now in cultivation insaid crops during the present year.TERMS Said land will be rentedfor a term of one year, beginningMarch 1, 1915, and ending March 1,1916, and for the rental a note payable to the undersigned as committee of Joseph H. Clay, with good surety to be approved by the undersigned, will be required, said noteto become due and payable March 1,1916.2nd Also at the same time andplace, as agerit for Miss Letitia Clay,I will rent publicly, to the highestand best bidder, her farm lying andsituate immediately upon the Parisand Winchester turnpike, in Bourbon County, Kentucky, about 5 milesfrom Paris, and containing 227 acres,of which 91 acres is to be cultivatedin corn and the remainder is m grassand is to so remain.TERMS Said 227 acres will likewise be rented for the period of oneyear, beginning March 1, 1915, andending March 1, 1916. One-third ofthe rental to be paid in cash onMarch 1, 1915, one-third September 1,1915, and the remaining one-thirdMarch 1, 1916, and for which saidrental, notes with good surety, to beapproved by the undersigned andpayable to Miss Letetia Clay, will berequired.3rd Also at" the same time andplace, as agent -for the committee ofGeorge Clay, I will rent publicly atract of 50 acres of land lying andsituate immediately upon the Parisand Winchester turnpike, adjoiningthe above described lands of MissLetitia Clay, and upon which 50 acretract there is a good and substantialbrick dwelling with all necessaryoutbuildings, all in a first-class stateof repair. Immediately adjacent tothe residence there is a splendidspring with a continuous flow of water throughout the year. Of the said50 acres, approximately , 6 acres are fto De cultivated in tooacco and approximately 24 acres in corn or truckgarden, and the remainder is to remain in grass.' The lands to be cultivated in corn and tobacco are thesame now in cultivation in corn andtobacco at this time.TERMS Said land will be rentedfor the term' of one year, bgeinningMarch 1, 1915, and ending March 1,1916, and for the rental a note withgood surety to be approved- by theundersigned, payable to H. C. Howard as committee of George Clay,will be required.FRANK CLAY,Committee of Joseph H. Clay.FRANK CLAY,Agent of Miss Letitia Clay.FRANK CLAY,Agent of H. C. Howard, Committeeof. George ClayPsaris, .iCy., Sept 8, ,1914O, ,J.3J.. ..1,".lvM. -F. Kenney-j .Auctioneer. T .-J ' 'if . s. r & . Airpt - v-u- .nS IS!TEllttER 11.g--f ' I til IfiTlHIrvTHE JIKMLVYou can hear the Bour !n ariato?crat's disguatedv "an?- the mob wasonly tryin' to Hang a niggah" inrefHerence to Jailer Farris having killeda man. Frankfort State Journal.The State Journal i3 right in thisstatement. Even in this aujoiningcounty, expressions of this sort areto be heard regarding the incidentwhich occurred in Bourbon a fewdays ago, and they do not all comefrom the aristocrats.The kiling of a white man over a"niggah" is to be deplored, and mostof the people of Bourbon regret thatan official in the discharge of theduty imposed upon him was compelled to resort to such a measure. Sifted down to the fact it will be foundthat not only was the jailer doinghis duty as an official but he was defending his own life after it becameapparent that it was in danger.Citizens who openly violate the lawby attempting to take it in their ownhands, may expect to meet with resistance from the conscientious official. The negro in question, we willnot attempt to deny, committed aserious offense and had he receivedhis just dues, the most severe punishment would have not been togreat, but the attempt at lynchingwhich resulted in the deah of a whieman was no worth the effort. Mobsshould be discouraged rather thanencouraged, and the law even in themost extreme cases should, be allowed to take its course. WinchesterSun.HOME TELEPHONE NOTESMr. and Mrs. J. J. Veatch, recently spent their 19th wedding anniversary at their old home in Shalbyville.Miss Ella O'Neil, the popular , chiefoperator, has resigned her positionon account of bad health, and is succeeded by Mis3 Clenie Lusby, of theParis office, but who has just spenta month assisting the operating department at Bowling Green, returning to Paris, Wednesday, and assumed her new duty.Mr. U. F. Lancaster has resigned toaccept the position as City Electrician, made vacant on account of thedeath of his brother, Howard Lancaster. Traveling Auditors, C. N. Peklenkand J. H. Tyler, of the Louisvilleoffice, spent the first of the week atParis and Carlisle.John J. Lynch and W. M. Paine, ofthe Maysville office, visited Paristhis week.Mr. W. C. Collins, of Paris, whohas been rebuilding lines in Nicholascounty, will soon return to Paris tocomplete the extension of new cableout South Main street and Fifteenthstreet.Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Head, of theMillersburg office, are preparing tovisit their home in Marion countynext week.We all holler about being robbedby the trusts. But we are all willingto rob the Trusts if we get a chance.What has become of the old-fashionedabsconding bank cashier whowas a Sunday School Superintendent? The Rippling Laughter of the girlyou like is the Insane Giggling ofthe dame you dislike.Some men are born grouchy andothers get married.A man will always agree with anything you say when he is gettingready to make a touch.New Musk Studio in Paris.MR. HARLOWE FENN DEAN,Basso-Cantante, Soloist Director,Teacher of Voice.Wi'il Open Studio in Paris September 10th.Studio:. Mrs. C. D. Webb's Residence,315 Pleasant Street.Mr Dean is teacher of voice in theArts Club, Lexington. Director ofMay Festival and Choral Club, Lexington. For information, address,MISS ANNA CHANDLER GOFF,Director and Business Manager of theAts Club, Lexington, Kentucky.(28-4t-F)PARISINTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.LVe. Court House. Lve. Station 547:10 a m 7.15 a m7.45 a m 8.00 a m8.15 a m 8.30 a m8.45 a m 9.00 a m9.15 a m 9.30 a m9.45 a m 10.00 a m10.15 a m . 10.30 a m10.45 a m 11.00 a m11.15 a m 11.30 a m11.45 a m 11.50 a m12:05 p m 12 15 p m12.45 p m 1.00 p m1.15 p m 1.30 p m1.45 p m 2.00 p m"2.15 p xn 2.30 p m2.45 p m 3.00 p m3.15 p m 3.30 p m3.45 p m 4.00 p m4.15 p m 5.00 p m5.15 p m 5.30 p m"5.40 p m 5.50 p m6.05 p m 6.15 p m".SO p m 6.40 p mCity Limits Only.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave Lexington Leave ParisFor Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15' p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p,m6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 am10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m7:20 p mk9:10 p m11:00 pin'6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m10:05 ,p mDaily except Siniay,114lljl IfMfc - im -r w.'ji'i ''I "iii, mill ii , mSmasmmwiiiMNinmfniigttmrmmTICKETS WILL BE SOLDTRAINSSeptember 29th.Special Low Rate For Select and Private Parties ! 9and Return on Regular Trains.Round TripLOW RATES AT THE CAWEfrom arrival for supper until after breakfast morningthe third day, including the two trips in the cave, liffrirand guide fees for 6.50.An All-Expense Three-Days Tour Toii$12.15 From Paris.PHONE OR SEE9 f ooYiewT'nKINDLYan .- iTwin Bios. Depanmen! sioie.Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, Kysee ourFOR LASTwindowSUMMER SUITSValues Up to$9.98Also See Our Display of $1.00 and$L50 Shirts, with Soft Collars toMatch. Choice NowBargains in AllTwinClothing and Shoe Department. 'WOLLSTEIN, Prop.tOf BOUftlQN POULTRY CUtEdnra a chick's throat curesfapes, A few drops in therinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and. "booklet n 'Diseases of Fowls" sent JHEB.Bwrfco Remedy Ct'iw, ItZ . '"miGCttfjm.FOfl REGULAR MORrfJW-.Fare $5.S witl ,Board at the CaveL. & N. AGENT-GreatBargainSale iNowGoing On!' Greater. Bargains than youhave ever before heard of iiiParis. . - ' -CALL ATDisplayCALL ON$16.50 ForCDepartments.-kBLUE GRASSMBathing andFree-DANCINGAfternoon and EvewpiJiMic by SchfiiiiftersBros?$$&j-s-&. , V ju 4 -w4. H r.5& - iw1 :'...' ..". T- . u .. 'v ' A srzr--- -.i..hT -4,' . -, . ". . j,:.. " k . ' :p?&!, -, -&vfjfr jfi,1- Vrt ,tf5: r , V 1s. . .-r wfi'F iSWV.. ''-L'.r-e ,:"V . i.. r w. "iava,L:SJKEHhi. .-.. -AH -V K. . ir:Vjfcjcwi- J -aHH.:5rTJttffJ&HfimMrmms,HMiji. MH 1-r, .mHGHT AGAINST TO. BACCD TO FOLLOW"t. That 10,000 copies of the above ' talntng a population of about 0fcrttfotatloftB duly attested by the pm ) The territory, annexed; extends frdmideal and secretary be printed for the intersection of the Tates Creekdistribution, and that annexed to the j road and Euclid avenue through Clff-PROHIBITION."'same should appear a copy of a billrecently ordered and defeated inin Louisiana to prohibit the sale inLouisiana of tobacco, cigarettes orcigarette papers, as follows:Tobacco Trade Passes Resolutions Calling Upon Growers to Protect Their Interests Against UnreasonableAttacks of Extremists.ton Heights to-a point intersectingwith Woodland avenue in the vicinityof the State Experiment Station."" This "annexation" will give Lexington a reported increase in population at the next census, much inBHTHSON' 'House bill No. 136, by Mr. John-1 the same manner as Richmond gotIEEARS-ARE ECHOEDBY STATE PRESS.KJCHMOND, VA., July 20. Con--viacedthat State-wide Prohibition-win prove an entering wedge for prohibitory legislation against the culiare, manufacture and sale of tobaccoim. tke State of Virginia, the Richjnsat Tobacco Trade at a speciallyvalled meeting to-day passed resoluHmrns -which, in effect, call upon thetiMveaads of persons engaged in thisiaiwstry throughout the State to opjaac State-wide Prohibition nextSeptember to ward off a threatened.attack upon their interests.Tobacco workers, dealers, growersa&d manufacturers of tobacco are-warned that the adoption of State--wideProhibition will be the beginning of a fight against tobacco andre urged ,to take steps as will prolee their interests against the unseasonable and un justifiable ' attacksof extremists.TEXT OF RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED BY TOBACCO TRADE.'The resolutions read as follows:"Whereas, it has become evident4kt the forces leading the fight for-tke adoption of State-wide prohibi-tkm in Virginia have begun a fightagainst tobacco, its use and sale;son (Prohibitionist)."'An act to prohibit the sale, barter or exchange by wholesale or retail of tobacco, cigarettes or cigarette papers, and providing penaltiesfor the violation thereof."'Section 1. Be it enacted by theGeneral Asesmbly of the State ofLouisiana, That the sale, barter orexchange by wholesale or retail oftobacco, cigarejttes or cigarette papers shall be prohibited in the Stateof Louisiana."'Section 2. Be it further enacted,etc., That any person who shall give,purchase, offer for sale, barter or exchange tobacco, cigarettes or cigarette papers in the State of Louisianashall be guilty of a misdemeanor andon conviction thereof shall be finednot exceeding one hundred dollars($100) and imprisoned not exceedingninety days or both, at the discretionof the court.'"Section 3. Be it further enacted, etc. That this act shall takeeffect from and after January 1,1915.'" Richmond, Va., Dispatch.(Advertisement.)LEXINGTON'S BUSINESS MENGET BUSY TO "PROHIBIT"AND THEN TO "ANNEX."her flattering report of increasedproperty valuation. Merely by"counting up" something already inexistence or "annaxin" something.Lexington has got the "annexing"spirit. She "annexed" the BurleyTobacco Society, and the Winchester Overall factory, and numerousother industries from her neighboringtowns, and with an '"inkling of achance, would annex Paris with allits trade and revenue and spirit ofprosperity.But Paris will refuse to be "annexed." We have got the location,and we have got the advantages ofsplendid railroad facilities. And theday is not far hence when we will bea formidable business rival for Lexington, even with her annexed territory and population.To do" thisNwe must make no movewhich will cut down our revenue. Adry vote means a vote against theinterest of Paris, and in favor of the"annexing" spirit of Lexington.VOTE WET. (adv-1t)"KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT."itu or wtJtir trntvit, , ra ooir rt noun.Chief Special Agent rtwpmers, of . HarMsen, Jewe& A ffqiM f, . acting in conjunction with the pottc had received aa order fwwTtifc BritN - authorities of Paris, Cynthiana and ish Government for aa umSttit&iTHOMPSON. Butler, is hot on the trail of the number of horses to be delivered asThe funeral of Miss Mary wire theives who have been making soon as possible, the first shipmentThompson, who died suddenly Mon- away with the copper telegraph to be made next Friday. The horday afternoon at the home of Mr. and wires on the road's new block signal must be from 5 to 8 years old andMrs. Henry Fuhrman, was held Wednesday morning at 9 oclock at theCatholic Church. The services wereconducted by Rev. Father. Eugene DeBruyn, and the burial took place inthe Catholic cemetery.HOOD.Louis Hood, former Superintendent of the Kentucky Central Divisionof the Louisville & Nashville Railroad, and well-known among railroadmen in this city, died Friday eveningat his residence, 98 East Fourthstreet, Covington, after a lingeringillness. Besides a widow, the deceased is survived by four sons,Louis, Calvert, Randolph and Kuper,and one daughter, Mrs. Richard P.Colville.Is the v answer given by a prominentsaoon keeper when asked for the bestargument in favor of the saloon.Dry Advertisement in Bourbon News,Sept. 8.In answer to why he was a dryman, a Paris lawyer and leader in4M, wiiereas, uie proniDiuon leaaers . fiieir accompanying revenue out eniicate that should prohibition hetirely neither the Commissioners ofAdopted in Virginia, that it will be Tov,Wnn r the Youne Men's Bus-At a luncheon given in Lexingtonlast week, the Mayor and City Commissioners met with the Young Men'sBusiness Club of that city to hear j the local option fight, also a Sundaysuggestions tor me improvement ul , school teacher and pillar in the BapLexington. Among the suggestions tist? church in this city, replied:offered and endorsed was "abolish- whv. when hootleeeinsr was flourish-. - -11 !J 1 Air. 1. !" ". " -ing saloons irom an. resmeuun uiatricts." Not a word is said about the "prohibition" of saloons from the city asa whole. No, indeed. The peopleof Lexington, eager ever for prosperity and influence, dare not give endorsement to a plan which wouldtake from them their principalsource of revenue. It is allright to"prohibit" saloons from the residental district, as a sort of bluff, towards "cleaning up," but when itcomes to putting the saloons ana1 101L.T.ovinpnn nor the YoungjEsUowed by an attempt to prohibit I mess club presume to come out inIke use and sale of tobacco in Vir- j f avor f prohibition.-CiB&L ,;,,! Among the dispatches sent in from-Therefore, be it resolved by the Lexington to the Louisville CourierIMchmond Tobacco Trade: 1 Journal on the same day as the no-"L That all growers of tobacco tice of tbe luncheon :wast 2in accountad all dealers in and manufacturers 0-f Lexington's "annexation" of a3tL tobacco are hereby warned of the suhUrb which will give to that citythreatened attack upon tobacco, and an additional population of 600. The;Xhat the adoption of State-wide pro- notjce reads:iibition will be the beginning of a At tne meeting to-day of the Boardfight against tobacco, and they are'of City commissioners an ordinance'.hereby called upon to take such ac- was passed extending the city limitstioa as will protect their tobacco in- on tjie southern border of the city,tercets against the unreasonable and and thereby annexing a' territory con-uajutsuiiauiu axutcKS ujl extremists.iHMtumittttMtMttttoe1Words to the Wise.ing in Claysville, I made as high as$500.00 some months defendingbootlegers and Blind Tigers. It mayhurt other business, but it certainlywill help mine. I have a set of lawbook recently ordered especiallyprepared on the subject of liquortraffic."Also in the same issiie injthe "DryColumn" the -shooting scrape at theFair Grounds on Saturday night waslaid at the door of the saloons inParis. The truth of the matter isthat the-whisky was purchased onthe Fair Grounds from bootleggersand a blind tiger that operates everytime the groun ds are used. THISIS IN A LOCAL OPTION PRECINCTWHICH SHOWS THAT LOCAL OPTION IS A JOKE AND DOES NOTPROHIBIT.It is also heralded by the "drys"that the revenue of the liquor trafficdoes not amount to "much." If theywill look on the front page of theCincinnati Enquirer of Tuesday'sissue they will find, "Stinger is DealtDrys Prohibition Death-Knell isHeard In War Revenue Bill Urged byPresident Wilson Liquor TradeMust Be Given O. K. by Uncle SamTaxas on Spirited and FermentedLiquors Now Produced, Roughly,ONE-FOURTH of the GovernmentaRevenues.KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT.(Advertisement.)iRINGLING CIRCUS ANNOUNCED., LINCOLN OPPOSED TO PROHIBITION.Some one has been playing a joke, or perpetrating a fraud,upon our dry friends. In their series of quotations we find thefollowing accredited to Abraham Lincoln:"The liquor traffic is a cancer in society, eating out its vitals and threatening destruction, and all attempts to regulateit will not only prove abortive, but aggravate the evil."There must be no more attempts to regulate the cancer; itmust be eradicated; for until this is done, ail classes mustcontinue exposed to become the victims of strong drink."The most effectual remedy would be the -passage of a lawaltogether abolishing the liquor traffic."Law 'must protect and conserve right things, and punishwrong things; and if there is any evH in the land that threatens society or individuals more than another it is the liquortraffic."'We regret exceedingly to expose the delusion of our gooddry friends, but MR. LINCOLN NEVER SAID IT.When a member of the lllinoise Legislature he had a chanceto vote for prohibition, HE VOTED AGAINST IT. In fact, hejnade the motion to to LAY THE BILL ON THE TABLE, andsaid that prohibition would work great injury to the cause oftemperance. (See Illinois House Journal, Dec. 19, 1840.)It .would be more plausible for the further reason that Abraham Lincoln put a tax on 'liquor in order to get money topay the "boys in blue" on the firing line, and when a committee of prohibitionists asked him to discharge General Grant.because he drank, not only refused to accept their advice, butsaid that if he knew where General Grant got his whisky, he-would send each of his generals a barrel of the same brand.19World's 'Greatest Shows and Spectacle "Solomon and the Queenof Sheba."Official information confirms theannouncement that September 22,Ringling Bros.' Circus will give twoperformances in Lexington.Many new features have been added this year, the most notable ofwhich is the spectacle "Solomon andthe Queen of Sheba." This colossalproduction is presented with a costof 1,250 people, a ballet of 300 dancing girls, 735 horses, 32 camels andproperties on the biggest stage in theworld.Following the spectacle, a circusprogram of unusual brilliancy will bepresented, including an array of foreign and American acts new to thecircus world. The menagerie contains 1,003 wild animals, 41 elephants, five giraffes and a "babyzoo." The circus is transported on89 double length cars. Special arrangements have been made by therailroads to accommodate the crowdsthat will visit the circus from thiscity and the' surrounding country.GOOD NEWS FOD THEOYSTER EATERS.Of course Abraham Lincoln was a temperance,HEWAS OPPOSED TO PROHIBITION.man. BUTMany men oppose prohibition who never touched a drop ofliquor in their lives.Abraham Lincoln never stood for an' insiJt to manhood, suprted anything contrary to reason nor upheld a proposition in5vernment that would destroy human equality.(advertisement)7mIt is an ill wind that does notblow somebody good. The reportcomes from the sea coast that oysters will not only be plentiful thisseason, but cheaper than for years.The reason is that most all of thebest and largest oysters are shippedto Europe every year, but on accountof the European war, America willbe given the benefit of better oystersand lower prices.STOVEPIPE STYLE.This stunning model bids fair to beone of the favorites of the autumnseason. White satin is combinedwith black velpet, the satin and velvet arranged in saw teeth fashionupon the crown. A bat wing ofwhite satin arranged at the left sidetoward the back gives a chic effect.Let us show you our hats they areexquisite this fall.(ll-3t) CORNE WATSON BAlRB.Mr. Elmer Reed, of Mayslick, andMiss Mamie Buckler, of Nicholas'County, secured license at Carlisleand were married here by Rev. B.M. Shive, of the PresbyterianChurch.DAVIS SHARON.Prof. J. A. Sharon, formerlySuperintendent of the Paris CitySchools, and recently in charge ofthe Newport, Ky., City Schools, andMiss Stella Davis, of Oxford, Ohio,were married Saturday at the homeof the bride's parents in Oxford.Mrs. Sharon was also a teacher forseveral years in the Newportschools.ANNOUNCEMENT.Judge Edward Stanford and Mrs.Stanford,' of Knoxville, Tenn., havemade announcement of the approaching wedding of their daughter,Dortrthy, to Mr. James Garrison Metcalfe, Jr., of Paris, the marriage totake place Wednesday, Nov. 11, atthe home of the bride-elect, in Knoxville. ,The bride-elect is a charming youngwoman who has enjoyed unusualpopularity since her entrance intoKnoxville society.Mr. Metcalfe was originally fromLouisville, though his parents removed to Morristown, N. J., severalyears ago. He attended Yale andBoston "Tech," and recently was associated with the engineering department of the L. & N. railroad.Mr. Metcalfe was recently appointed to the position of Master of Trainsby the L. & N. Railroad Company,with headquarters in Pans, where hewill bring his bride to reside. He isa son of Mr. J. G. Metcalfe, formerlyGeneral Manager of the L. & N.Railroad Company, but now connected with a big Eastern Railroad Company with headquarters in New YorkCity.CANNER DAY FOR FISHERMEN.ANSWER THIS!Sunday was a banner day for fishermen, according to local authorities.Many large- catches are reported, andit was a bad day for the finny tribeAll the available boats on ' StonerCreek were pressed into service tocarry the pleasure-seeking parties upStoner, and the banks of the streamwere lined with votees of the rod.One party caught 150 "Newlights,"while another party of four- madecatches varying from 36 to 75. Fishfrys on the banks were numerous.Partiss visiting Strode's Creek,Licking, and the various stockedbonds throughout the county reportfirst-class sport both in quantity andquality of the catch.There is now a splendid stage ofwater in Stoner -Creek and the wisdom of the Fish and Game Commission's plan of protecting the foodfish is shown by the increasing supplies in all the streams of the county.A party of ladies who spent the dayon the creek Sunday, had equally asgood luck as their male escorts, andlanded a large number of fish ofgood size. ZtJBrMFALL WRAPS COMFORTABLE.Overcoats are in order and strawhats will soon be a thing of the past.A sudden tumble of mercury earlyWednesday mroning created quite achange in the wearing apparel of theresidents of Paris, many of whom appeared on the streets in winter raiment. When questioned last night severalwearers of overeats declared thatthey felt pretty comfortable in thechilly breezes. Numerous womenwere in evidence with bright coloredcoats and coat suits presenting a latetall aspect. Smoke could be seencurling from the chimneys of manyhomes where the convenient naturalgas had not yet been installed. Others laboring under the impressionthat there would yet be some warmweather were cheerful and decidedto remain "unchanged" pending amore serious turn for the worse.The minimum temperature yesterdaywas 54, although the mercury dropped considerably below that pointlater jin the nightHERE IS THE LIMIT. .system. - weigh from 900 to 1,200 pounds and.Developments so far sliow that the be of suitable conformation for carfour lower wires have been stripped airy or artillery service. The limitfrom poles practically all the way of price to be paid was not made pubfrom Paris to Butler, the thieves be- lie by the purchasing person, buting careful to keep away from sta they state that they expect to setions or houses close to the railway cure a large number of horses hxlines. The wires .were a part of the compliance with the order,new block signal system which the Their buyer will be in Paris afLouisville & Nashville has had under Cay wood & McClintock's mule barnsconstruction for some time. The from 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. to-morrow. 'wires were on the Western Union .Telegraph Company's poles, andthrough a failure of the railroad andtelegraph companies to - reach a A11 mfxrnhfiT nf fho ATo,0 ...working agreement, the work of Class of Paris Christian ChSU1"5!"5 "" "llco "" "c&" "" are urged to be present Sunday morn-pended some time ago. u September 13, so that the com-An injunction secured by the West- wUfoo nrnfo Z7Lera Union prevented the L. & N. to MCfirtftln hnw maTlv wi11 TT,aVoMEN'S BIBLE CLASS.from touching the wires alreadystrung. The railroad company therefore abandoned the plan of using theWestern Union Co.'s poles and set towork to erect its own poles. Thecopper wires already up were not inuse and their removal without noticeby the thieves was a matter of comparative ease.The railroad people estimate theloss to the railroad at fully $2,500,although it is likely that the thievessold the wire for much less, as itcould only be sold for junk. So farthe disposition of the wire is notknown, but it is certain that much ofit was brought to Paris and Cynthiana, but not shipped from eitherby rail.The parties suspected are said tohave left their old haunts, but theofficials of the road and the policeworking on the case say they are sureto be caught soon.PANSIES FOR GARNITURES.Satin and velvat pansies in splendid purples and yellows four time3the natural size that grows in ourgardens are used on hats. They arealso used in the front of the bodicejust above the deep girdle. Come inand see our fall showing.(ll-3t) CORNE WATSON BAIRD.v U. D. C. MEETING.A meeting of the Richard HawesChapter, U. D. C, will be held attheir rooms in the Court House, tomorrow (Saturday) afternoon at 2:30o'clock. A full attendance of themembership is earnestly requested.NOTICE.City tax. lists for theyear 1014 are now inmy hands for collection at my office atthe Deposit and Peoples Bank.C. K. THOMAS,tf City Collector.trip to Mt. Sterling on the followingSunday, September 20, to join theclasses from Richmond and Winchester as guests of the HazelriggClass, for the day.J. W. BROWN, President.P. J. SAVAGE, Secretary.CORONER'S VERDICT.Coroner Davis empanelled a jur7and held an inquest at the CourtHouse, Tuesday morning, on thedeath of Press Lannum, colored, whowas shot and killed at the Paris iairgrounds Saturday night. After examining the witnesses the jury rendered the following verdict:We, the jury, fina that Press Lannam came to his death from a pistolshot wound in the hands of someone, we can't, from the evidence produced, determine.H. M. COLLINS, Foreman.JAS. R. STIVERS,HUGH MONTGOMERY,W. R. BLAKEMORE,JOHN CHISHOLM.PASSES US UP.Sautelle's Circus has been exhibiting in a number of adjacent towns inthe past few weeks, but so far Parishas escaped.The advance and billposting carpassed through Paris yesterday euroute to Carlisle, where the circus ibbooked to exhibit on Saturday, Seirtember 26.Army Horses Wanted.Mares and Geldings five to eightold; 900 to 1,250 lbs. in weight.Our buyer will be at Caywood &McClintock's Mule Barns, at Paria.onMONDAY, SEPT. 12,from 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. Bring ingood, smoth horses.HARBISON, JEWELL & PATTERSON, (8-2t) Lexington, Ky.i 0A Florida paper is quoted by theCourier-Journal as calling JailerFarris, of Paris, "an official hero."We have heard of' "the official badman" of a given locality, but justwhat the deuce is an official hero?Frankfort State Journal.INJURED BY FALL.'t-rty-Mr. J. B. Henry fell from a scaffolding while workrng on Mr. B. BMarsh's barn, near Paris, Monday,falling a distance of twenty-five feet,breaking his righ wrist and injuringhis back. He was removed to theMassie Memorial Hospital for treat-'Everything imaginable has been ascribed to the war in Europe in theway of boosting prices, but the limitof absurdity has been really reached.As stated before in .the News, priceson all matrrials used in printing offices have been withdrawn, but themost ridiculous feature of this bareface hold-up game by the manufacturers has been revealed by the receipt of a notice froM the manufacturers of a patent paste, which islargely used in all printing offices,that they, too, must withdraw theircatalogue prices. This is certainlythe limit. What figure the war Cancut on making pasy? composed offlour and water, is beyond our comAbout the Saloon!,EM2MSM'2M5,5M5"i',2"3t,I,53,,5,jMore Human Lives Added To TheToll of TEe Liquor Menof ParisWe judge the thing, if it is good or bad by its results. Thats a principle of business. Let us judge the saloon, the agentof the liquor traffic in Paris by its results.On last Saturday evening three men, "inflamed with whisky,which was bought in a Paris saloon, engaged in a quarrel, andas the result two men are now forever beyond the pale of thesaloon, cold dead corpses, another near deaths door. Who thesemen were does not matter, but they were some one's son, someone's brother, whether black or white. Their lives were worth$16,000 per year. Is not the life of your father or brother worthmore than the tax on liquor men give Paris? In the past weekcount for yourself the men who are lying in their graves asthe result of these saloons. The actions of men inflamed bywhisky, sohT by the saloon keeper, licensed by the town, approved by the voter, you the voter, You Mr. VOTER shallsay on Septmber 28th if lives are" to pay the toll of the saloons.Last week from a saloon-on Main street was a trail of bloodon the pavement for two blocks. Maybe the injured man raninto the door, maybe .he fell, but you know what might have,happened. To ever' saloon in Paris can be traced streams ofof blood,-fresh and still warm. Now the saloon keeper is' endeavoring5 to wash it away, before you, Mr. VOTER, shall see it.Are you proud of this recordj of the past few weeks?Is this saloon and bloodshed"TRUE f EMPERANCE?"mmmwc-m&&to5::(Advertfsement)x;r-.'-prehension.'$&,r&H.Sitf 3Hltr--.V'i,. V. jift.'iL i" "f V," -?, '5? 5r,fyfXi'if JJK1 ? 'I?;-'t.vt :JL2tt.&.ivet-W Ee.12- &t. ;n-. - j;-.se:V-aT x . . .i v:&$,ss. y-r9 -7J Jfc v 'iV . r .( VJ5-iW vRNff&ilJ.r Sv.W.'y;.jy.fiMf-1Jir& SOCIAL ANDHAS THE KST'OF ALL LINES MADE!THE'TIME ANDVTHE PLACE.To-morrow is the day, Dan Cohen'sthe place, to buy your new fall footwear, at prices lower than ever.JUST RECEIVED.Our fall line of samples for m-ade-to-measureshirts.J. W. DAVIS & GO.APPOINTED ADMINISTRATORJudge Denis Dimdon has .been appointed administrator of the estate ofthe late Stephen Trabue. He qualified with W. G. McClintock as surety,in the sum of $1,000.READ EVERY PAGE.There's good reading on every pageof the News. A pressure of advertising matter has caused a change inthe make-up of the news pages andour readers will find good local matter scattered through all the pages.PROTRACTED MEETING.A protracted meeting will be heldat the Bethlehem Christian Church,beginning next Monday, Sept. 21.Mr. Newton Shropshire, of Clintonville, will conduct the services,7:45 o'clock. The public is cordiallyinvited to attend these meetings.CALLED CONVOCATION.A stated convocation of ParisChapter No. 15, Royal Arch Masons,Paris, Kentucky, will be held to-day,(Friday), the 11th day of September,1914, at 7; 30 o'clock p. m. Electionof officers.N. H. RION, H. P.JOE H. EWALT, Secretary.PERSONLFANCY GRAPES.Concord, Niagara,Tokay Grapes.Ut) C. P.Deleware andCOOK & CO.FOR YOUNG MEN AND OLD.Custom made suits for young menand men who stay young, at from$20.00 up. Measurements taken byexpert cutter.J. W. DAVIS & CO.COUNTRY HOME BURNED.The two-story cottage home of Mr.George Stuart, a well-known youngfarmer residing near the BourbonNicholas line below llillersburg, wascompletely destroyed by fire. Thefire wras discovered in time to save alarge part of the household goodson the first floor. The loss is about$2,000, with $700 insurance in alocal agency. ffire, wind and lightning Insur-pt "ance. Thomas & Woodrcrd.Mrs. George Rio'h is visiting relratives in Kansas Crty, Mo.Miss Mary Adams Talbott is attending Hamilton College, at Lexington. Mrs. Anna Luca3 has as guestMiss Frances Boyd, of Galveston,Texas.Miss Ardelia IUon has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Covington.Mrs. H. H. McDonald, of Winchester, was a guest of Paris relatives this wek.Miss. Nancy Hancock; daughterof Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Hancock, i3very ill or pneumonia.Mr. Howard Lacy has returnedto his home in Anderson, Alabama,after a visit to friend3 in this city.Mrs. Curtis P. Smith, of Dallas,Texas, is the guest of her mother,Mrs. W. H. Renick, on High street.Miss Mary Spears and brother,Mr. Catesby Spears have gone toCanada on a business and pleasuretrip.Miss Ida Gatewood, guest of Mrs.Win. Remington, on Eighth street,has returned to her home in Covington. Mrs. J. M. Cooper and daughter,Miss Lena, have returned from avisit to relatives in Oklahoma City,Okla.Carlisle Mercury: "Mr. and Mrs.Ed., Brophy, of Paris, attended thefuneral of Mrs. Mary Witzberger,Saturday."Miss Jennie Kenney has returnedto Roswell, N. M., after a protractedvisit with relatives and friends inthis city.Mrs. Elizabeth Howard has returned from Mt. Sterling, where shehas been the guest of Miss LauraShackleford.Misses Clara Stamper, of Mt.Sterling, and Rosina Elder, of thiscity, are guests of the Misses Hackly, In May jVille.. Messrs. Desha Lucas and Lawrence James, arrived Thursday nightfrom Port Arthur, Texas, for a visitwith Paris relatives.Miss Ford Heath, of Oklahoma,has arrived for a visit with, herniece, Mrs. M. H. Dailey, and otherrelatives in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Dan Morris and little daughter have returned to theirhome in Lexington after a brief visitto Mrs. W. T. Morris.Mrs. Molar McVey and littleson, of Dayton, Ky., are guests ofjher father, Mr. R. S. Terrell andi family, near Clintonville.Mrs. Clyde Huffman and littleI son, who have been guests of thelatter's mother, Mrs. Fishback, inMt. Vernon, Ky., have returned home.Misses Genevieve and Anna Mal-loy, who have been the pleasantguests of Miss Frances Champe, havereturned to their home in Lexington.Winchester Sun: "Mr. Felix Renick is homeNfrom a visit in Paris.Mr. Renick Smith and Mr. JohnPrice accompanied him home for aStewart Shropshire And $trs. W.Collina wr their gsts.MMrg. Rudolph Davis is ; visitingfriends in Carlisle. "x"Mrs. Leon -Bell, of Louisville, isa guest of friends and relatives inthis city.! Chief of Police Fred Link. Mrs.Link and babe have returned fromtheir vacation trip to visit relativesin Mason County and in Ohio.Mr. T. J. Mulcahy, of Covington,spent the first of the week with hiddaughter, Mrs. Geo. Phillips, on Main'street.Mrs. J. T. Pendleton, of Lexington, will arrive to-day from Paris,France, and other European cities,where shell as been during the pasttwo months studying the styles inladies' costumes.Mr. Ossian Sprake returned yesterday from an extended visit to hissister, Mrs. Robinson Bosworth, inSt. Paul, Minn. During his stay Mr.Sprake spent. part of his vacation infishing and hunting' trips to WhiteBear Lake, Lake Minnetonka, Minneapolis, and other Northern Minnesotaresorts. His mother, Mrs. LucySprake, who is visiting her daughter,will remain until October 1.BEAR THIS IN MIND.Mrs. Lindsay Moore and littleson, Master Lindsay Moore, leave today for their homo a Detroit, afterspending the summer with relativesin Paris.Please bear in .mind, that like most I Dr. James Shannon, of Lexingotber newspapers, The Bourbon I ton, and Dr. Robert Graham, of theNews makes a charge for publishing I Kentucky Experiment Station, weretributes of respect, in memory arti- here this week in consultation withcles, obituary poetry, resolutions ! Dr. Frank Campbell,and other similar matter. ' The Earlington, Ky., Bee says:Of course e make no charge for ' "Mlso Freida M. Heller, of Paris,news matter concerning deaths. came Friday and will have charge ofVery frequently tributes, poetry and i the Domestic Science Department ofifRTHE KENTUCKY CONFERENCECLOSES.The annual Kentucky Conferenceof the Methodist Episcopal Church,South, which has been in session atWilmore, closed its labors Monday.Rev. Dr. J. S. Simms, the popularpastor of the Paris MethodistChurch, who has been in charge ofthe work iff this city for the pastthree years, was returned to thechurch here for anqther year.The return of Rev. Dr. Sims' to thechurch here will be welcome news tohis members and the ,public in general in Bourbon. He is an interesting speaker and a most agreeableand pleasant gentleman.MRS. BRONSTON'SDANCING CLASS.. - iMrs. Edith Alexander Bronston willopen her class in modern dancing atthe Elks' Hall (Masonic Temple) onnext Monday night. Prospective pupils are requested to come promptlyat 7:30 p. m.WALLACE HOWE IS OFFEREDMANAGERSHIP OF BIG HOTEL.Mr. Wallace Howe, manager of theHotel Olymipan Springs, has beenoffered the management of a bighotel at Clearwater, Florida, for thewinter.It is not known whether he will accept the offer oic not. The Olympian Springs Hotel property is to besold soon by an order of the BathCounty Circuit Court.DEPOSITE AND PEOPLESSHARES SELL AT $204.The block of shares of Depositand Peoples Bank advertised by Auctioneer M. F. Kenney, to be sold atauction court day was not offered.Eighteen shares of this stock waisold privately a few days ago, at$204.irnvii r'i '.Vi'r"nJMa.auMayaaiaaaM tw ifgrgdcinagSMLOST.t$St.JLiiii i iMmw4immmmBunch ,of "KTiya, either at potoB,or between thepostoffice" and Lowry& Talbott's store oh Main Street.Reward for their return to this office,or to(H-lt) F. P. LOWRY.For Rentggw.awFrame house on Second street.Apply at 315 Pleasant Street E. T.Telephone 276, or at Paris BookStore, E. T. Telephone 562.For Sale.Ponyx Saddle and Blanket forpony cart. Inquire at News office, tfFOR SALE.One 3-horse-power gas or gasolineengine. Will sell cheap. Apply toHENRY GROSCHE.G$WE HAVE TAKEN AFALLOUT OF OUR PRICES.PREPARE FORFALLBuy your Gas Heaters nowat special reduced pricesfor cash.Everything guaranteed.ANNOUNCEMENT! Jm: "-THE ARDERY DRUG CO?IS NOW OPEN FOR BUSINESS.v The stock has been invoiced and cleaned up, all ofcfcdepreciated goods are thrown out and we are offering; mfull and up-to-date line ofDRUGS"And Druggists' Sundries.We. guarantee quick delivery to any part of the city.;Country orders delivered in one day's time Ty parcelspost. Phone us your wants.A visit to our store wnTbe appreciated.The Ardery Drug Co,CEarke's Old Stand.a'' Nothing charged. a5- sIparis gas a!M M IK11 111r i g h S ITilS a mlLLLUibsiU UUi av Incorporated. fHear Lou BeachampAt L5i: Coc-srtS"cOtasedelay AfternoonAt 3:30 O'Ciock.WlV9 Hiimdf and Logic Abound InAll Are Welcome-is fless.(Advertisement. )aos803tttnetatMMtmntPO$ggg9$g & f96e9699ro$GftQS$9S39933&S6&ase99SeM3other paid matter is sent us unsigned, in which case we cannot writeto the contributor to advise concerning charges or to return the article.HONOR MEMORY OFA GOODWOMAN.Suitable resolutions to the memoryof the late regent of Jemima John-J countyson Chapter, u. v. u., 01 -ans, jars.Robert C. Talbott, were submitted ata meeting of the organization, heldTuesday afternoon at the. home ofMrs. Brice Steele, on Pleasant street.The following officers were elected: Regent Mrs. Wads H. Whitlev; First Vice-Regent Mrs. LouisRoger's); Second Yjiceylegent MissMary Woodford; Secretary M.'s.Geo. Stuart; Treasurer Miss Lucya1j.11.1c1. v inPUPILS MUST BE VACCINATED.Under the State Health law, everychild entering the public schools ofParis and Bourbon county must be-vaccinated this month or else show acertificate that he or she has beenTaccinated within the past five years.Under this law a good scar doesnot count unless a certificate can beprocured. Dr. A. H. Keller, HealthOfficer, declares that vaccination isone of the greatest discoveries everknown for the eradication of diseases. The past year the dreadedharnessed oy tnethe Earlington Schools."Miss Edith M. Brittain, of Leadville, Colorado,, arrived Tuesday toassume the position of Director ofPhysical Education and Elocution inthe Paris Public School.Dr. and Mrs. J. H. Comer areguests of the former's parents, Hon.and Mrs. R. F. Comer, in MonroeDr. Comer will not be in hisoffice until about Sept. 16.One Southdown Buck Lamb, weightabout 100 pounds. His registration'number is tattooed in his left ear.Any information that will lead to hisrecovery will be rewarded by leavingat this office. (113t) iMiss Helen Stivers enteredthe Senior Class at Sayre College,Le4ington Wednesday. Mis: EdithStivers left Monday for Ft. Thomas,Ky., where she will teach science inthe High School.KODAKThe young; people of Hutchisonprecinct will give an entertainmentTuesday night, Sept. 15, at theHutchison Chapel, fre2 to all. Theyextend a cordial invitation to all tocome and enjoy the entertainment.Carlisle Advocate: "L. M. Tribble has returned to Paris after avisit to relatives in this city.... Dr.and Mrs. Harry Mathers were hereover Sunday, the guest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Mathers . . .Mrs. W. X. Hunter and children, ofBlue Licks, returned home Sundayafter a visit to the family of her sisUer, Mrs. Charles Galbraith, atI Paris Mrs. L. V. Hagan, of near:! Paris, is the guest ei her mother,.Mrs. Eliza Reynolds, in this county."tvnhnid 1ms beenaccine in the form of the typhoid Misses Frances and Mary Mitchscerum. and in a few years this dis- j a11 piav are visitinc their cousin,ease promises to be vaccinated al-'Miss Margaret Willis, in Winchester,!most out or existence ii. mo v.yjVwill have it done promptly and propprly. Dr. Keller said that the casesthis summer proved very mild on account of using the vaccine. ,MP fcaTOBACCO CUTTING IN EARNEST.Tobacco cutting will be on in goodearnest this week and the crop is upto expectations, the early crop isabove the average and the late cropwill be as good if frost holds offlong enough. All corn fields exceptthe earliest ones look as if theywould make good. Late corn will beabove the average. Water melonsand garden stuff are on the marketin abundance and are selling at reasonable prices, the pastures aregrowing very fast and all kinds ofstock will g6 into winter quarters insood shape. The Aimers of thiscounty will not have to spend verymuch money for" feed this year whichmeans many dollars will be added totheir net earnings. Nearly everyfarmer's wife has a lot of nice frymg side chickens and turkeys aregrowing very fast. Most of themfor the Thanksgivingwhere they have been guests of honoraf several social functions, unTuesday evening Miss Willis andher guests were treated by theyoung men of their set to an enjoyable outing on the Kentucky"- River.The party motored down in the afternoon, and enjoyed- boating andbathine: and at sunset a campflrejwas made and a luncheon served. InI the evening they danced at tlie clubhouse.'-On Your VacationYou Should Take aKODAKThey will enjoytaking pictures' the simple, easyKodak. Way.You will be gladto have a picturestory of vacation -dayso9srTorrmimfssF"tZfs " z-Cynthiana Democrat: "Mr. andMrs. A. T. Henry, of Paris, entertained Sunday the following guestswith an elaborate dinner, Mr. andMrs. Frank Muntz and son, of Clifton Heights; Dr. and Mrs. R. P.Laughlirf, Mr. and Mrs. James ShinglPton and Orie Spegal Miss AnnfeMay Henry and .brother, of Paris, en-:tertained a number or young peopiein honor of her guest, Miss NaomiBoyers, of Berry Mr. and Mrs.James H. Shropshire, of Leesburg,entertained Tuesday with an elegantdinner.1 Mrs. Wilmoth, Mrs. CarlWilmoth, Mrs. Chas. Wilmoth .andchildren, of Paris; Mrs. Clara MooreLand son, of Detroit, Mien.; -virs. jn.,KODAKSr $5.00 up.BROWNIE CAMERAS, they worklike Kodaks, $1.00 to $12.00.I homerTherefore 'That which you buy should be worth buying. We useevery endeavor to keep a stock of theVery Best Furniture, Rugs,''Wall Papersand will be much pleased to have YOU come and iiirvestigate. We handle nothing second hand.DaughertyBros.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance Wood MantelsMcDougal Kitchen Cabinets.roster Bros. Safety Crffca'will be readymarket.C. Patterson, Mrsr Joe .Brock? Mrs.&xn,Mr3' T . 'F2".-V r..rSfi-tf-Vfv" -v?V.,--h.-At&itst?.,&J -$& .ti;,.-.Jt2f4tB?.&-&JstftV.UfY"3jmaM' . xir eiriS$?Wi -&H-r?3 '?- Hl73"'"'H&Ai6:- -t' i i- w.'"i-sft.Tr?'TiifeWON,j- v " ,-, - ,, . t r.L. -l ?MWwn. tft4PcJ--,-imHIIHIIIIIItlllllllllM1 StraussBros.& CosNewNo. 8Allvjn oaie ciifWar Stands. 5A 1HlUt M It I M"H"M"M' M"M"I"I"Ilew BarbershopCtrier Fourth and MainModern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDCanal Bios.Barber Shop.Prompt and Courteous Attention to All Patrons.AND COLD BAMS.CANCER CURED1 guarantee every case I un-tfertake; 20 years practice; ref-wiciiv.c, iiy uiucn or rans:DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.SPECIAL TO WOMENmost economical, cleansing andSinhicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tohm diitolYed in water as needed.JLs medicinal antiseptic for douches3. treating catarrh, inflammation oroaration. of nose, throat, and thatby feminine ills it has no, equal.ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamjfcsHcine Co. has recommended Paxtine3m. their private correspondence withWMen, -which proves its superiority.YanefL who have been cured say. is "worth its "weight in gold." Atr-Wxmg&ets. 50c. large box, or by mail.'Sh Pstxton Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.'lft&. B.-SsSSSs"nSmtt.ioPrJfmthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesICotflfner fs mnrs l'mTvirftn in h,lJ ran clwr. te&dy light. Insuretote by settfntr the oil that burns,c!t,r Rni rlmzi without a flicker'Lowi to Me l:it i:roj. Pennsylvaniaanuv-(Ki v;iH"a i penectton.Cits no mo-e than the infcrioitikwAoniioife sives MONEY saves!tJv AVf. CVPK.Ytw dPflJr ha SOLTTB OIL inrrte direct from our works.Chas. C. Sto!I Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Kufiucry at Warren. Pa.' t We sell ihaue'ebmted "No Carb"Auto Oil.ics will liave to do a lotWHPii !!& before ke becomes popm. Ton BMiy have noticed that am mUJk m. fac like camel willa girl witfc a foe like a horedaiuthtw iU Jbm th wet:tUas jrm war looted . .Cigarfztovi&tiGsn LSLvhFromParis Backs Reliefby Lapse of Time.Proved.Backache is a Jieavy burden;Nervousness, dizziness, hedache.Rheumatic pain; urinary ills;All wear one out.Often effects of kidney weakness.No use to cure the symptoms,Relief is but temporary s if thecause remains.'If it's the kidneys, cure the cause.Doan's Kidney Jills are for kid-neyl illsHere's Droof of thir merit fromthis vicinity:D. M. Farley, merchant, 474 ChairAvenue., Lerington, Ky., says: "I hada dull, dragging pain in my back.The action of my kidneys was irregular, especially at night. Finally, Ifore long they put a stop toa 11 thesetroubles. My kidneys became normaland the pains and back aches left.The endorsement I gave Doan's Kidney Pills in January, 1912, still holdsgood. I can only repeat that they area fine kidney medicine."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Early haG. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffealo, N. Y.DAY TRIP TO ST. LOUIS.By leaving Paris on L. & N. trainat 7:50 a. m., direct connection ismade with B. & O. S-W., fast trainleaving Cincinnati 12 o'clock, noon,daily, arriving St. Louis at 8:15 p.m. This train carries modern steelcoaches, Observation Parlor car andDining Car and makes direct connection in St. Louis Union Station withall Western, Northwestern andSouthwestern lines. Other B. & O.S-W. fast trains for St. Louis leaveCincinnati daily 2:15 a. m. 9.00 a. m.and 9:15 p. m. Night trains havesteel coaches and electric lightedsteel sleeping cars. For further ininformation consult your local ticketagent.S. T. SEELY, T. P. A.,Traction Building, Cincinnati, O.(sept-8-15-22-29PO-DQ-LAX BANISHES PIMPLES.Bad Blood, Pimples, Headaches,Biliousness, Torpid Liver, Constipation, etc., come from Indigestion.Take Po-Do-Lax, the pleasant and absolutely sure Laxative, and you won'tsuffer from a deranged Stomach orother troubles. It will tone up theLiver and purify the blood. Use itregularly and you will stay well,have clear complexion and steadynerves. Get a 50c bottle to-day.Money back if not satisfied. AWDruggists.(adv-sept.)LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)There are all sorts of cusses in theworld, including the man who keepsa big door mat labeled "Welcome"on his front porch and keeps a bigbulldog loose in the yard.A woman will always agree withher husband when he doesn't wanther to.This would be a. betted world ifpeople wouldn't try to eat when theyhave no appetite.The reason why women have morereligion than men is because theyneed it less.No matter how busy a man maybe these days he is always willing totake a few hours off. and show youhow to settle the trouble in Europe.About the time a man thinks he isacquainted with his wife she pullsoff some; fool siunti .and has himguessing once more.Every woman imaginse that everytime her 10-cent husband goes downtown every good-looking woman onthes treet chases him.A man can be smart enough tofool a woman into marrying him. Buthe can't foe her after she marrieshim.IN ALL OURNEIGHBORHOODThere Is Hardly A WomanWho Does Not Rely UponLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.Princeton, 111. "I had inflammation,hard headaches in the back of my neckand a weakness allcaused by femaletrouble, and I tookII 'Lydia E. Pinkham's1 Vegetable Com-gliii pound with such excellent results that Iam now feeling fine.I recommend the, Compoundand praiseI I 11 T 1 11 l-j km an. x simu oeglad to have youpublish mv letter-There is scarcely & neighbor around mewho does not use your medicine. ' ' Mrs.J. P. Johnson, R. No. 4, Box 30, Princeton, Illinois.Experience of a Nurse.Poland,N.y. "In my experience as anurse I certainly think Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is a greatmedicine. I wish all women with female troubles would take it. I took itwhen passing through the Change ofLife with great results and I always recommend the Compound to all my patients if 1 know of their condition intime. I will gladly do all I can to helpothers to know of this great medicine.' 'Mrs. Horace Newman, Poland, Herkimer Co., N. Y.If you are ill do not drag along untilan operation is -necessary, but at oncetake Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCornpound. 'If you want ieciAl advice writi sjjwum ivr-miciiam Medicii tniMHi mi fin Tj.vtttt'ir.jMBURDENS LIFTEDC-YV T.,'1 I I I I in I I I I I I I I I-iPiS) " ByI Mi "I r Iff GuZ'ZZfi I wMi ,fiFASHION GWWars May Come and WarsMay Go, But ClothesGo On ForeverMETALIC EMBROIDERYTHE LATEST NOVELTYNEW YORK, Sept. 10.In spite of the war, gleanings offashion news seeps in some unknownway across the Atlantic. In Paristhe couturiers have had their openings, even though the picturesquePaul Poiret has marched away to themusic of the fife and drum. Cheriuthas had her opening. Her coatshang straight from the shoulder tohem. Wide circular tunics full lengthwere seen on many of the skirts.An unusual suit which, she offeredwas of bright golden tan. ,The coatwas in the redingote style pleatedbelow the waistline, belted at thehips and buttoning rom the shoulderto the belt in a straight line. Theskirt was laid in groups of pleatswith braided bands -jt either hip, producing a pocket effect.SS-m&3ICCALLVelvet, Net and White Satin Combined in This Stunning Costume.The Callot Soeurs feature narrowfoundation skirts with over skirts ofdraped metallic effects, and theircoats are drawn in at the waist andflare below. Callot's sleeves are usually long and on street costumes andsuits are finished with a cuff of thesame fabric. Bernard is using fullerskirts. He, also, shows both longand short jackets, and for trimmingsis using quantities of beaver fur andbraiding.An interesting thing about theseopenings is that no purchase can bemade except for gold.velvet is one of the favored fabrics for day or evening wear amongfall and winter materials, also, thewonderful fur cloth which so faithfully imitate the Persian lamb, moleand other smooth furs are the rage.xi. on in.iug s""" "as a. ua-aq tie waistof the soft chiffon velvet tucked incrosswise tucks from waist to thelow neck, which is outlined with aglittering band of jet insertion. Shortsleeves of net have bands of velvetto edge them. On tjie foundationskirt of white satin are black velvetbuttons placed straight down thefront and over it hangs a pleatedtunic and flounce or net, Willi widevelvet bands at the bottom of each.The. waist is finished with a velvetsash having the ends looped in front.For the young girl the simplest offrocks are shown an the crinolinestyles seem well suited to her daintydance frocks and evening dresses.Organdy continues to be extremelypopular and a dress with a skirt having a series of organdy is effectiveand girlish. The overwaist andsleeves are looped with artificialroses. The girdle of black velvetends in the front with a single blu3hrose. Artificial flowers, roses especially, .are used in place of bucklesand rosettes. Metallic embroideryis a new trimming for fall gowns,soma have merely metal threads andothersN combine,' twith . metal,- beads.1 ISOPENINGSouiuujiiuuifWHu, imsi!.-,W: of that depressed, dizzy bilious, and 4CowrHl81 compineo wiin spua 'coastfpiaed6hditidn,; 25? , ralVDrjir- A. t JBOIP- -mmvum- nwwm -fciMfc.- ", .gi.,s r V v 1, ,Xte 'tripjpaefl Wtyi aft-, embroidery ot A v, ' Jv; '' 5 -"' (&&& v MijVUl - ft., ri -steel threads and chain badsv --'Many frocks, in the TMoyeiL-Agestyled areahown and- are1 exceedinglyfashionable: Blue continues o beparticularly stylish, and 'in these lastnamed frocks is combined with blacksatin. Other frocks, afternoon andevening gowns are made withstraight, short skirts, cut like achemise. These are worn over fullskirts of velvet, of silk, or satin,barred or checked with velvet ribbon. These are often belted at thehips in the front or back, but theyshow no waistline.The advent of autumn with its flutter of multicolored leaves and therustle of the wind through barrenbranches always brings with it amore somber hue in women's clothes.Deep, dark blue, black, prairie greenand tete de negra brown are the colors which are replacing the gailyhued clothes of the summertime.The exceptions are loyal blue andcoppor color.Metallic effects are supreme anaare seen in weird' and queer combinations; for instance, a rich yellowis brocaded with silver; a fine goldtissue is shadowed with gray, andworn over tomato red and emeraldgreen.The stripes continue to be popularand are brilliant in their" contrast.Quarter-inch stripes of pink andblack, blue and black, yellow andblack, and many other colors withblack are seen upon all the storecounters.The marble effects are a late novelty in silks and ribbons and are effective indeed, but probably the mostfascinating, of these novelty silks arethe fur imitations, leopard, with itsblack spots and civet cat wit hitseffective markings, all are represented.iLTJTpn-aarit1. iTfvA Simple Frock on Crinoline Linesfor the Young Girl.Colors for millinery differ from thecolors of frocks and costumes cield Egypte or Egyptian sky blue. Thisnew shade has a touch of dull greenin its composition, and is especiallynanasome in velvet used 'for the facing to wide brimmed hats. Fragonard and Nattier blue continue to besmart for certain types of hats.From the Balkan disturbancecame the Balkan blouse and manyTurkish effects in clothes, now theMexican trouble has brought outsilks and ribbons in Aztec colors anddesigns and it will be interesting - tonote the effect the present war willhave upon our clotnes. It may beonly a military effect, and yet there'may be some outcome more interesting, which may spring up and influence our clothes as the long tunicand basque appeared overnight.RHEUMATISM PAINS STOPPED.-The first application of Sloan's Liniment goes right to the painful partit penetrates without rubbing itstops the Rheumatic Pains aroundthe joints and gives .relief and com-LfortDon't suffer! Get a bottle today! It is a family medicine for allpains, hurts, bruises, cuts, sorethroat, neuralgia and chest pains.Prevents infection. Mr. Chas. H.Wentworth, California, writes: Itdid wonders for my Rheufatism, painis gone as soon as I apply it. I recommend it to my friends as the -bestLiniment I ever used." Guaranteed.25c at your Druggist.(adv-sept.) .What has become of theold-fash-1ioned -woman who had to stop andcount up when you asked her howmany children she had?The trouble with a man who ismaking an ass of himself is that hewants to go out and bray about it.DIZZY? BILIOUS? CONSTIPATED?Dr. King's New Life Pills will cureyou, cause a helathy flow of Bile andrids your stomach and Bowels ofw,aste and 'fermenting body poisons.They are a Tonic to your Stomachandliiver and tone the general' sys-,tern.-. ,The first, dose will cure you.1 1 ii n 1 1 1 m ii n ni Miii 1WMformerly Jfaufman, Straus Co.xmgton,Regarding New Autumn Suits,Gowns and Street Dresses.On account of the European conditions we desire toimpress upon our patrons the advisability of making earlyselections.The fact is now well established that desirableimported fabrics in the most fashionable shades arealready scarce and many of them will not .be obtainable later at any price.We are showing the very latest models that .were sentover from Paris. There is a wide variety to choose fromand those who make their purchases early will congratulate themselves later. Beautiful New Suits in ChiffonBroadcloth, Gabardine and French Serges. -$25.00 to $75.00.Dresses in the new Basque effects, of Rich Satins .andCrepe de Chines.$19.75Smart Street Dresses in Seres and Satin Combinations,with touches of White Pique,$13.50 to $35.00.Clean-Up Prices on all Remaining Summer Dresses, Skirts and Waists.WOLF, WILE '5 CO.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, KentuckyE?wTREADY FOR THE FALLWITHThat Are a Pride to the OwnersFeld's Shoe Store hasesty and square dealing.sell are right or we makeAND THE STYLE AND COMfORT, ALSO.We are the only Shoe Store that can fit youperfectly and to your entire satisfaction. Try us 5this Fall and be convinced.Feld's Shoe Store.ISIs It Worth Insuring?iAsk us to give you therates. We give especial attention to all farm business.Try us. Call 36 or 171 day,56 night.W. 0, HINTON-;V'S SOU,.--'-!HOWYOURTORftCCO?Certainly?1 MniHimiamt liiirlffiflWite&CoAto $35;4ninnnfi;i,long been known for hon.Every pair of Shoes wethem right.IS RIGHTMafiraiTios, iDo You Know We Handle;the CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.-x44ELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone ,103Horn PHqjMjftlSPCER&GLOHRSt4-ilip lllltIIM IM M IMMM'MtUIMHMIJ&u ria,jci y -v r5?T51s,lHQimBONM fm jJaj eStx 5?tent7Whlte 1 Hj 8"Best YHY77B 10cfor the V9yB EasiestI Shoes 2WjA J'FJm tW,. t o usei -a gwgmafc''Hfr'I''X','fr'M'wi''I''''M'flfl''IMM''MHThe Higgin bnntactnriog Co.Window and Door Equipments.T. A. HENDRICKS, Sales Agent,Lexington, Ky.The HiggJn AII-Meta! Weather Strips for Windows and Doorsare a real economy because they reduce the fuel bill, keep outthe dust, soot and rain.They stop absolutely the air currents coming around the sashand make the room more comfortable.. .They are durable and apermanent addition to the window.Estimates wi'il be cheerfully furnished without charge and without obligation to buy.Better let up Strip your house and make it more comfortablenext winter and at same time cut down that fuel bill.We have furnished screens for hundreds of Satisfied Bourbonfamilies. We refer you to the following families in Paris, whohave used our AW-Metal Weather Strips and are pleased: Woodford Spears, W. W. Mitchell, W. R. Blakemore, A. J. Winters,Thos McDonald, Geo. W. Wilder, Ed. Tucker, R. C. Talbott andothers too numerous to mention.T. A. HENDRICKS264 RAND AVENUE.SALESAGENT,LEXINGTON, KY.Teleph one, 2585.C&ikfyW'W1WW'yt$f,ltWt$fii&WALTER MARTINERNEST MARTININEW LIVERY STABLE!New Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.Horses Boarded By Day, Week or Month!Hauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Transfer Busi-iOur stables on Eighth Street will continue- under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streetplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROSTNivWS PAUSj ,ffj'jimw'i "!""";imwrroH rfKrrt."While Ahe autumn meaJfiflaot' the.Kentucky Trotting Horse . .Breeders'Association does' no5?take place forafull month, .interest in this association and the sport that will he seenduring the ten days in which trotters and pacers from throughout thiscountry will struggle for supremacybecomes sharpened as each week ofthe Grand Circuit goes by.Of all the trotting meetings heldin America, none has the same interest centered in it as the one given atLexington during the first and second weeks of October. The reasonfor this are numerous, yet it is primarily because Lexington furnishesthe greatest racing to be found onthe American continent, the fastestexhibitions, and the most desperatebattles between trotters and pacersin the world. The Lexington meeting is distinctly one of classic 'eventsfor on nearly every day there is decided a race which from its very traditions has given a prestige that belongs to itself alone.The Kentucky Futurity is the mostimportant race for 3-yearold trotters "of the several events of thischaracter given during the year, firstbecause it is richest prize, carrying avaule of $14,000, and because of thefact that all the best of this divisionyear's Futurity is of greater interestthan any in the history of the association because it is almost certainto furnish the fastest time ever madeby a 3-year-old in a contested race,and because of the large numebr ofhigh-class young trotters engaged.Among those entered is a colt of suchextraordinary class that the worldhas looked on and wondered at hisachievements. In Peter Volo, thelogical favorite for this race, racingenthusiasts sea something new in thebreed of the light harness horse, arealization of what can be accomplishe in breeding and daveloping theAmerican trotter.DIARRHOEA QUICKLY CURED"My attention was first called toChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea 'Remedy as much as twelveyears ago. At that time I was seriously ill with summer complaint.One dose of this remedy checked thetrouble," writes Mrs. C. W. Florence,Rockfield, Ind. For sale by all dealers.(adv-sept.)The old-fashioned boy who savedup all winter to get a dime to go toa magic lantern show now has a sonwho gets Highly Indignant if hedoesn't 'get to go to at least threemovie shows every night.Once in a while -you run across amild-mannered man who isn't married.$100 REWARD $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cureis the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeing a constitutional disease, requires a constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the blood andmucous surfaces of the system,thereby destroying the foundation ofthe disease, and giving the patientstrength by building up the constitution and assisting nature in doing itswork. The proprietors have so muchfath in its curative powers that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.Sold by all Druggists. 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv-sept.)r-rssmmmfmmnmsmmn.A... .... Ti ti c frifiwyiiiT W4UTOM ABKFO MtAYCftd rok AfeASHINGTGN,, Seflfc ' 8.-tfraafcaem, Wilson to-day- signed a proclamation calling on tne 'people of theUnited States to pray for peace inEurope.The President's proclamation setsaside Sunday, October 4, as a day ofprayer.THE PROCLAMATION.President Wilson's proclamation,was as follows:"By the President of- the UnitedStates of America:"A proclamation:"Whereas great nations of theworld have taken up arms againstone another, and war now draws millions of men into battle whom thecounsel of statesmen have not beenable to save from the terrible sacrifice. "And whereas in this as in allthings, it is our privilege and duty toseek counsel and succor of AlmightyGod, humbling ourselves before Him,confessing our weakness and ourlack of any wisdom equal to thesethings;"And, whereas, it is the especialWish and longing of the people of theUnited States, in prayer, in counsel,and all friendliness to serve thecause of peace;"Therefore,, I, Woodrow Wllsbn,President of the United States ofAmerica, do designate Sunday, the4th day of Octoger next.a day ofprayer and supplication and do request all God-fearing persons to repair on that day to their places ofworship, there to unite their petitionsto Almighty God, that overruling thecounsel of men, setting straight thethings that they cannot govern oralter, taking pity on the nations nowin the throes of conflict, in Hismercy and goodness, snowing away where men ,can see none, Hevouchsafe his children healingpeace again and restore once morethat concord among men and nations without which there can beneither happiness nor prosperity."mvwmScl ...ar. . vy!ffgiSiHnACUTE INDIGESTION."I was annoyed for over a year byattacks of acute indigestion, followedby constipation," writes Mrs. M. J.Gallagher, Geneva, N. Y. "I tried everything that was recommended tome for this complaint but nothing didme much good until about fourmonths ago I saw Chamberlain's Tablets advertised and procured a bottleof them from our drpggist. I soonrealized that I had gotten the rightthing for they helped me at once.Since taking two bottles of them Ican eat heartily without any badeffects." Sold by all dealers.(adv-sept.)mmmmmmmm,w i'l.-',ii iUMMk ' JWWUW "'I .WW'"V'P !! 9J UM tm ' IP'JKotickttt Escapes Operitfenr"Bra,By Using Mayr StwcaciMr.Burnett Says Wonderful Treatment Saved 'His Life WithFew Doses.Horace Burnett, of Somerset, Ky.,was a sufferer from stomach disorders-for a long time. His condition became highly serious and he feared anoperation.He took. Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy and got swift results.In a letter telling his experience hewrote:"Your treatment has certainly helped me wonderfully. I took my fifthdose last night and it brought good results. I have one more dose to takeand I think I will be well. Your tonicis wonderful. I can eat anything nowthat I want to. I can never getthrough thanking you for your medicine, for I know it saved my life, forhave tried all the doctors and theysaid I would have to be operated on."Such letters come from allthe country. This remedy iaeverywhere for its rsuits.Mayr's Wonderful Stomach,clears the digestive tract ofaccertions and poisonousbrings swift relief to suffailments of the stomach, Hvrbowels. Many declare it hastheir lives.Because of the remarkableof this remedy there are many fcaMfef"tors, so be cautious. Be sure iprMAYK'ts. go to G. s. varoeadrug store and ask about theful results it has accomplished fjcases they know about or. seaal 4sVGeo. H. Mayr, Mfg. Chemist. HsV156 Whiting St., Chicago, I1L, for tssxtbook on stomach ailments and saossjtgrateful letters from people who aasjabeen restored. Any druggistyou its wonderful results.X-BH fctlyBell TelephoneBulletinstv2 PRECAUTIONS TO PLEASE THE PUBLICFISCAL COURT ENDORSESACTION OF JAILER FARRIS.J Stables Eigth St., MainSt.Both Phonesm.tZBigJ-..: !'! j. ! j ! ! 4- ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !' '! 'I' i' 'I' ?' ! 'I' 'I' ! 'I' '.2.Cake Walk!At The - IColored Fall Festival, fFriday, Sept. 18, 1914,Every dose of Castor Oil has itsorange juice. When a man is gabbing about himself he isn't knockingsome other man.2:30 P. M.vvSpecial Reservation Made Eor TheWhite People.Couples Prom All Parts of the country will compete for the prize of $25.00, divided $1 5.00, $7.00and $3.00.Admission, 25 Cents.We like to kid the girls about theway they display their hosiery. Butdid you ever watch a pin-headed mantrying to show off his new silk soxwhen he is sitting in a street car?CHAMBERLAIN'S LINIMENT.If you are ever troubled with achespains or soreness of the muscles, youwill appreciate the -rood qualities ofChamberlain's Liniment. Many sufferers from rheumatism and sciaticahave used it with the best results.It is especially valuable for lumbagoand lame back. For sale by all dealers. (adv-sept.)To a woman the "comforts ofhome" mean coming back from atrip down town and getting her No.6 feet out of her No. 3 shoes andinto something that fits her and getting out of the straight front andrubbing the welts after she dons aloose kimona.At a meeting of the Bourbon Fiscal Court, in session at the CourtHouse, Thursday, resolutions werepassed commending Jailer JosephFarris for his bravery in protectingand saving a prisoner in his keepingfrom a mob.It will be recalled that a mob visited the Paris jail on the morning ofAugust 29, for the purpose of lynching Beverly Johnson, an aged negro,who was charged -vith housebreaking. Mr. Farris, the jailer, resistedthe mob and during the fight whichensued, the popular jailer was compelled to fire on the leader of themob in defense of his own life, resulting in the death of Eugene Houston. The members of the Fiscal Court,desirous of upholding Mr. Farris, andcommending him in his fearless standin keeping his oath of office, passedunanimously, the following resolutions :"Whereas, It became necessary forour Jailer, Joseph Farris, in the performance of an official dutj, to resistto the uttermost, a mob of infuriatedmen who wer bent upon taking thelife of a prisoner in his keeping and, inmaking said resistance, he was compelled to take the life of a member ofsaid mob."Now, therefore, We, the membersof the Bourbon County Fiscal Court,do hereby extend to our Jailer, JosephFarris. our sympathy on account ofthat unfortunate occurrence, and docommend him for his bravery in upholding the law, even to the point ofrisking his own life. We are glad toknow that he not onlj had the moralcourage but the physical courage to dothat which was his sworn duty, eventhough that duty seemed at the timeto be the means of his death, we feelthat we can justly point to him withpride, that we have a county officialwho appreciates his sworn duty morethan he does his own life, and who iswilling to risk his life in the performance of his duty, and we wish spreadupon the records of this Court ourwords expressing our sympathy andour commendation and approval of hisconduct." ""An erroneous impression prevails in some quarters that thepublic, in dealing with a large corporation, is subject to indifferenttreatment amounting almost todiscourtesy. The first instructionsto our employees is courteoustreatment to the public. "We knowthe public is paying its money forour services, that we are dependent upon the public for our success. This we impress upon ouremployees constantly.We come into closer personalcontact with, the public than anyother public service corporation,and in many cases the public is inhaste when using our service. Sowe observe every precaution toprevent indifference and discourtesy on the part of our employees.Our operators, who are in con-i"' smstant contact with the public,governed by rules whichvide certain phrases that mayused by the operator whento a subscriber. If the con1tion goes beyond these limithe subscriber is connected witfcspecial operator who receiYCiplaints and adjusts differences KIn the event telephone i i ilim mTsubject to discontinuance forpayment, the employe who notiAflAtil T 01tne suDscrioer or tne propoaeacontinuance follows a closelyscribed form in conveying ti, information. He is prepared, aadrequired, to connect the subadaWr,with a superior upon request. :In this way we make an effortin advance, to avoid all possibilityof even apparent indifference ediscourtesy.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYINCORPORATED(4)L. &. N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trairis jLrrrveNo.341342971040373123326259138385398COUTY COURT DAYS.STEVE MOORE,Secretary-JAS. MACON,President.Below is a list of the days CountyCourts are held each month in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawrecenurg, 3d Monday. Saturday night?There was a time when a pianohox wouldn't hold what a girl had towear when she went away on a vacation. Nowadays she can can getthree complete changes of costumeand lingerie into a music roll.And what has hecome of the oldfashioned man who used to save uphis whiskers to get "barbered" everyFROMAtlanta, Ga.f Daily 5:21:Lexington, Ky., Daily 5:liCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y 7:3aMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:3SiRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday T:4tfLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 7:4Cincinnati, O., Daily t i:3tMaysviile, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10:30Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:15Cincinnati, O., Daily 1:24 1Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:0Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:191Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:15Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:33Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:3tjMaysville, Ky., Daily 5:3fCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:5Lexington, Ky., Daily 5:11 132 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 8:3331 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:5Trains XDeioeirtNo. TO34 Cincinnati, O., Daily S:2i4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .' 5:35 17 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .i 7:47 140 Cincinnati, O.. Daily Except Sunday 7:5 J10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:5j29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 5:4 sss.37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily .-". 4. $:433 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily '. 'l:2tMS.133 Lexington, Ky., Daily W:27Bft6 Maysville, Ky., Daily 12:SpBi26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . . . 12:04 as13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3i3S ym38 Cincinnati,., Daily 3:4frf9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:fijs39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:5$-js32 Cincinnati, O., Daily , 5:3!S18 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ;2!S30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday i431 Lexington. Ky., Daily l:5isn131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily , lt:lfisu-tM'"H"H"H"W' yi"H 1 1 1 t'l''!'"- vOne reason -why we are strong fort)hibition is because a man has nobusiness ruining his health drinkinga cool glass of beer in a saloon whene could be hiding in a bacK alleytaking a swig out of a bottle of woodcohol.Every woman knows that if sheftent her hiubami. dowa town to&tch a piece of black goods bXould ocmm toot with tea 7rs ofThis fad of going hatless at nightis all right in some ways when a woman has her own hair. But some ofthe females go out wearing a mess ofstuff that looks like an old-time birdnest and expect men-to regard it asa Crowning Glory.What has become of the old-fashionedhearse that was all dolled upwith plume like a circus wagon?Tt of cirk are- mot beautiful.Bat . ! d rettlec tha." $Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, lt Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Pendleton, Falmoucn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday..Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Woodford, Versailles. 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee. Beattyville, 4th. Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, nd Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer., Harrodaburff, 1st Monday.Montgomery,- UC SterMa, MoNo. Clairce. You should not referto one of our haughty Princesses asChicken a la King.STOP THAT FIRST FALL COUGH.Check your fall cough or cold atonce don't wait it may lead to serious lung trouble, weaken your vitality and develop a chronic lung ailment. Get a bottle of Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honeyto-day; it is pure andharmless use it freely for that fallcough or cold. If the Baby or Children are sick give it to them, it willrelieve them quickly and permanently. It sooths the irritated throat,lungs and air passages. LoosensPhlegm, is antiseptic and fortifies thesystem against colds. J It surely prevents cold germs from getting a hold.Guaranteed. Only'25cjit your Drug-gist.10313-:Tralris -A.rriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7-4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except SundayTrsiixis IDeeirtNo. TO1 Frankkfort. Ky.. Daily Except Sunday f : 3f k3 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -...-.. zThe reason that a woman likes tohave you believe that she has a tinyfoot is because she wears shoes withthe heels longer than the toes are.Tk ftrraah isn't a very lovableI gay. eat the soa-ef-MPua isn't alirays aeahayi. a L ? ' "WA. " - -MAPI W -syir'rjsa . ,Anyway, Adam hadei't aajcominsr. He never had to sUuntfthree hours on the oatsM efpartment store while- Svefig leaves for her aeir AatanaaThe oM-faskieaed.lieved-tfeat thehas af, at;key rW, rati.fcir etoows. , f47.J... 4 .,:-&':-.'4'itf s -H- , "tf v..''Sim -&Lr.j&Lnic.fci2??r 1 .SfcWB?Vr&r' 1iligf. j . &er ; ..fcH&&&3,( d?"'" Jr '1v 2,'..?.f-t ,lM.smrrT''jt-:V wi-jiiwwVI-cL,J-j. 3C& . T. 'W.-S(v ;.fiw tc ry -sii-jr r- "-o-v S .-v-JES-JiiXta,T3- r!? A-PK- v-tf T ", THE BOURBON NEWS, PARW.JCTV SEPTEMBER 11, 14v "2p r"Sf I18i3i.tnvhiI(WIS OFMILLERSBURGThe jI. F. C. will open Thursday,ta 17th.Mr. N. Henderson, of Versailles,is & guest of the Taylor House.Miss Florence A'iniont visitediriends at Lexington, Wednesday.Born, on Tuesday, to Mr. andMrs. E. S. Barton, a 11-pound son.Mr. Joe Mock, of Ashland, was aguest of Mr. It- tu Tarr, Wednesdayand Thursday.Mr. P. E. Clarke attended thetrisl of Mr. Reese Clarke at Maysville, Wednesday and Thursday.Misses Susie May Rees and LenaCollins, of Mayslick, are guests oftheir cousin, Miss Nancy Jones.Messrs. Rufus Butler, H. D. Burroughs and Henry Letton are spending a- couple of weeks at SwangoSprings.Mr. Richard Taylor and familyhave returned to their home at St.Joseph, Mo., after a week's visit toher mother, Mrs Belle Taylor, andiamily.Judge T. P. Wadell, Messrs. J.M. Marr and R. M. Caldwell have returned after a two-weeks' sojourn atCrab Orcliard Springs. All are muchimproved.The M. M. I. opened Thursdaymorning with a good enrollment. Thecadets will be entering for the nextesveral days. Notwithstanding thedrouth, it bids fair to rank favorablywith last year.Miss Flora Mason returned Tuesday from a visit to her sister, Mrs.Claude Berry, in Virginia. She wasaccompanied home by Mr. and Mrs.Berry and little son.Miss Alma Hurst left ThursdayJor Munsfordsville, where 3he has accepted a position in the GradedSchool. Miss Hurst has been theguest of her brother and sister, Mr.aad Mrs. O. E. Hur3t, for some time.Mrs. R. L. Tarr entertainedTuesday evening in 'honor of MissesReese and Collins, guests of Miss3STancy Jones. Miss Jones entertained for the same young ladies Wednesday evening.We desire to thank the manyjfriends for their kindness in our recent sad loss, of husband and father,Sot their many attentions and beautiful floral tributes.MRS. E. R. HOUSTON AND FAMILYMr. J. B. Vimont, who occupiedthe position as night clerk at CrabOrchard Springs during the summer,and who returned home some daysRgohas accepted a position as clerkat the Continental Hotel, at Pineviile, and will leave for that placenext week.Mesdames F. A. Herbert andHorace Purdy entertained Tuesdayafternoon from three until five with a'beautiful reception at the home of'Mrs. Herbert. A number of invitations were issued and most of themTeeponded to. The occasion wasvery elaborate and heartily enjoyed"by all present.Dr. C. C. Fisher and Rev. J. D.Redd and family returned Mondayfrom, the annual Conference of theM. E. Church, South at Wilmore.The Conference will convene in Millersburg next September. This willoe the first time in many years ourlittle city has liad the pleasure offentertaining this body.Miss Allie Talcott, who taught aprivate school last year in the homeof Mr. G. R. Deans, will conduct thesame this year, beginning September17th, in the property of Corrington &Owens, known as the Bryan home.Miss Talcott is thoroughly accomplished and has demonstrated herability with little folks here for theDast several years. We welcome herjreturn, and wish her much success.Miss Gertrude Hardy and littlesister, of Korea, have arrived at theM. F. C. where they will enter schoolthis year. It will be remembered thattheir older sisters, Misses Eva andBessie Hardy, graduated from thisinstitution some years ago, and arenow doing missionary work inKorea. These young ladies youngattended a school in Massachusettslast year, but desired to graduatefrom the school from whence theirsisters graduated.Mrs. Mattie Purnell and daughters have broken up housekeeping,Mrs. Purnell entering on her dutiesat M. M. I., Miss Bessie Purnell entered on her duties at the ParisGraded School the first of the week.Miss Agnes Purnell will visit friendsin the neighborhood until September17, when she will enter on her dutiesat M. F. C. The Purnell home will beoccupied by Mr. S. C. Bascom andfamily during the winter. They nowhave rooms at the M. F. C.DELICACY OF FERN FRONDS.Not unlike the exquisite maidenhair fern which hides in the woodsare new aigrets of goura feathers.See the fall hat in the new stovepipe shape, the harsh lines of whichare softened by the feathery aigret.We have an elegant line.(ll-3t) CORNE WATSON BAIRD.OLLIE JAMES INTERESTEDIN MOONLIGHT SCHOOLS.LUKE McLUKESAYS( Cincinnati-Ensuirer.)News of Escondida.Every now and then you meet aman who believes that he has a Monopoly on all the Trouble in theworld.You can't get a young man to believe that the time will come whenvisitingMiss Annie Thomas isher sister, near Winchester.Mr. Shropshire delivered an excellent talk here Sunday night.Sunday school ,is progressingninolir ijnrl wo Virno if timII nnntinuogirls will seem less important than t do so.bUBefore marriage it is mostly Bliss. Several from here will leaveAfter marriage it mostly Blisters. Tuesday for Berea, where they will,Judging from the chances taken by , enter school,the gfirls tjhis summed tiheire is a i A fine mule belonging to Dr.chance that they may make their Fithian died Sunday night from undresses out of hammocks next sum- known causes.Senator Ollie M. James offers,through the Kentucky Illiteracy Commission, a prize of 50 to'the teacherwho teaches the best moonlightschool this year, the Illiteracy Commission to judge it from tho resultsnumber! enroled, average '.attendance, illiterates taught and generalinterest. This -will be a reward andan honor for some teacher. Letsome one in our county start a moonlight school and win it.REFRIGERATORS REDUCED.Read these prices Refrigerator,35.00 kind, now $25.00, while theylast. The New Iceberg and theOdorless.(7-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.WORE COATAT REUNIONHE WORE IN'63.At the reunion of Morgan's Menat Olympian Springs, recently", Mr.Curtis R. Rurke, of Georgetown,wore the cpat which he wore in 1863when as an 18-year-old boy was oneof Quirk's Scouts .along with his father. He was also armed with thesame revolver, one of the old sixshooters, which fired from a percussion cap and his coat was coveredwith badges of Confederate reunionshe had attended.mer.All women may be the same. Butno one woman is the same for tenminutes.The more a woman makes up herface the more she looks as if shehad been marked down.Along about this time of the yearthe white shoes begin to look like awoman who has been talked about.There are about 534,276 Prize Liesin training. But here is the champion lie: Once upon a time a mancame home with a bun at 3:30 a. m.and his wife met him at the doorwith a kiss and helped him take offhis shoes.There was a time when the menused to fight for seats on the shadyside of the summer cars. But nowadays they fight for the seats onthe sunny side. You can always getsome girl between you and the sunwhen the car is , crossing otherstreets.When a man is out of the house hecan think of 971 good reasons whyhe should walk right up to friendwife and tell her where she gets off.But when he gets home . he can'tthink of one of them. . .Considering the length of time ittakes a woman to make up her mindto part with 29 cents in a departmentstore she can get rid of an amazingamount of money in an aftenoon.Mother wastes all her Patience onthe children. Father wastes his onFishing.It has just about come to pass inthis country where an up-to-date girlwould feel that she had lowered Herself if she married a man who drovea last year's model automobile.Some of -the girls are going thelimit. The skirts contain more slashthan material and the waists containmore holes than goods. Anyway,I'm glad I am not blind.A four-legged rabbit is timid. Buta two-legged rabbit doesn't use thatmuch judgment.Lots of guys who can settle thewar in Europe can't settle their ownbills at the corner grocery.Don't throw a fit if you don't see agirl going down the street wearing achemise. It isn't really a chfemise,you know. It is one of the old-timebasques that Mother used to wear,and it is right in style.Class will always tell. You h canput a one-hundred-dollar hat on a tencent woman, and she will continueto look like a ten-cent woman.The many friends of Mr. ForestBrooks will be pleased to know heis able to be out again. rSchool opened here Mondaymorning with Miss Mattie Neal asteacher. We wish her success.Messrs. Archie and ClevelandSons were the guests of their 'parents, Saturday night and Sunday.Miss Sadie Sons will liave forBerea, Tuesday. She leaves her be3twishes for the success of the Sunday School.Mr. Sam Dorsey Lykins, who istaking a business course in Lexington, visited his parents Saturdaynight and Sunday.THFATRICALThe Columbia To-Day."Samson," with J. Warrenregan as "Samson," KathleenKer-Ker-In six massiveregan as ''Delilah."parts.The Bible has the story of "Samson" and this is .unquestionably oneof the most sensational, dramatic andawe-inspiring photo-dramas ever produced. Six reels, showing the life anddeath of the strongest man that everlived.Samson slays 1,000 Philistines withthe jawbone of a beast. Later he isimprisoned in the city of Gaza, butescapes by carrying away the gatesof the city. The destruction of themagnificent Temple of Dragon is oneof the most wonderful scenes inmotion pictures.Don't m iss seeing it. Bring thechildren. (adv.)LYMAN HOWE'S FAMOUS MOTION PICTURESFOR BOYS AND GIRLS.The best school shoes to be foundfor boys and girls is at Feld's ShoeStore. (septl-tf)&90OfO&ftoSftftForThingsSchool!inWe have everythingschool supplies.When the children need'anything in the way ofsupplies, send them to us.We have zl kinds of schoolstationery and if there isanything we are "anythingwe are out of, we are willing to order if for youpromptly. Our stock oftablets, pns, pencils, slates,'cc'iors, pencil boxes; rulers, erasers, book satchels,school cases and bookstraps can not be beat, andour prices are the lowest.A little monec goes a longway at our store in buyingschool stuff... A penny hasa wondeirfu'l 'purchasingpower. Take a 'iook at ourwindow for school goods ofthe latest kinds.Peoples PharmacyPARIS, KY.Doyle Building 8th and Main."Watch Our Windows."t.ftftftftlB BftftHftftflSiftftflHftflftftK BftJHHHHHIHBHBftA HaBMBBMBftftMftftjftftm ft flB HHHHHMHHflHfc flfe ftttftHftUBWBCSftBftBB S flftVftMHHHMftSM0HW3fe. MfiHflErflBHftMBflRMIft kift.4 1MiniC0MPELL- IMAKE ROOM! &Fall Goods Arriving Daily and Crowding Us For Room! The Balance ofOur Summer Shoes Must Go! Not a Pair Must Be Left Over!The Final Cut of Our Great Sale!Ladies' Colonial Pumps, French heel,53.00 values at $1.49Ladies' Canvas Colonial Pumps, Frenchheel, $3.00 values at 1.49Ladies' Canvas Baby NDoll Pumps, bestgrades at $1.49 and .99Ladies' Suede Pumps, 3. 00 and $2.00values at 1.49Ladies' Kid and Gun Metal Oxfords,200 pairs, ?2.G0 values at 99Ladies' High Shoes at Similarly Cut Prices.Men's Tan. and Black Rubber Sole Oxfords, $4.50 values at $2.99Men's Tan Rubber Sole Shoes, $4.00 values at -. 2.49Men's Walk-Over Oxfords, broken sizes,$4.50 values at 2.99Men's Tan Vici Oxfords, $4.00 valuesat $2.99 and 2.49Men's Shoes and Oxfords, $3.00 values -at 1.99Men's High Shoes at Similarly Cut Prices.-For real novelty and wholesomeamusement, the animated cartoonsthat are always one of the many distinctive features of Lyman H. Howe'sTravel Festival, are in a class bythemselves. Nothing like them mayhe seen elsewhere as they are conceived and executed exclusively forMr. Howe by his own staff artistswho do nothing else. They invariably afford cdmedy real comedy,too that is in diverting contrast tothe more dignified views of mountains, cities and seas. In the newprogram that will be presented at theParis Grand, Thursday, October 1st,they will add more gayety than everto the -joys of "traveling with Howe."They have a "punch" all their own.which "gets 'across" to young and oldalike. It is claimed for these newextravaganzas that they are more ingsnious than any Mr. Howe has presented hitherto. The travesties ofthe serious subjects arfe of the mostamusing nature imaginable. Theyare a revelation of the tricks photography can play at the expense ofvision and human perception, and theresults achieved would indicate thatseveral senses need to be added tothose now classified as the five special senses.In his entirely new program Mr.Howe promises one of the most deLUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)It used to be that when a girl wentupstairs to dre3s to go out she wouldput some clothes on. But nowadayswhen she goes upstairs to dress shegoes up and takes some clothes off.A Mother is a person who will iQawake at night and worry for fearher one-year-old son will be bald before he is 40.The Skeleton in the closet in theaverage household is nothing morethan the raggedy union suit and thetorn petticoat and the greasy wrapper and the soiled stockings that awoman weare around the house.Daughter can pound a tennis ballall afternoon. BuV she would callup the Humane Society if Motherasked her to pound a steak.The reason why a woman likes toname the first baby after her husband's father is because a boy wouldrather have a new stepmother thana new baseball uniform.Public SaleOF-Stock, Crop and FarmImplements., n..Having sold my farm, I willes;pose at 'public sale all of my stock,crop and farming implements, onWednesday, Sept. 16, I4.beginning at 10 a. m. o'clock, on the'premises on the Ruddles Mills pike,one and one-half miles from Paris,as follows:lightful picture journeys he has ever I , i pair grey mares, bred to Speakerpresented. It will take local "Howe Percheron stallion;travelers to Venice uis city oi tne i three-vear-nlri hrnwii roU-, " - -.. ,wW,sea. The series is unique becauseVenice is unique. All other citiesin the world resemble ach other inmany respects, but Venice alone remains distinctive a city of romancewhere poetry conquers prose. Andit is exactly this poetic beauty ofVenice that Howe's film conveys exquisitely. Of course, the new program includes numerous other noteworthy features, such as a descentinto the crater of Vesuvius wherespectators peer down into a vastabyss of boiling lava. Then there isa thrilling ride on a runaway train,this, too, is a descent, but at an appalling rate of speed down the mountain side and around curves thetrain increasing in momentum atevery foot until spectators are transfixed in suspense as to just how suchan eventful trip will end. The mysterious development of flowers; thefascinating formations caused by theelectrolysis of matals, and a rattroadride through Greece are only a few ofthe many other features to be presented.LOOK! LOOK!Think of it 8.00 and ?8.50 greenand brown Porch Chairs, at 4.50,while they last.(7-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.1 yearling gray fillv bv Htitoh-craft's Percheron stallion;2 mare ponies, gentle for womenand children;1 red cow with heifer calf;2 yearling steers;2 white faced heifers;1 Jersey bull calf;20 good ewes;2 Southdown bucks;4 Poland China sows;1 two-horse wagon and bed;1 hay frame; i1 roller;1 com planter;1 wheat drill;1 Randall harrow:1 drag harrow;1 Deering binder;1 hay rake; t2 top buggies;1 runabout;2 sets of harness;1 Vulcan breaking plow;1 Avery riding cultivator; t1 mower;About 15 acres of corn;Some furniture.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.THOS. K. MARSH,R. F. D. No. 5,Paris, KyTM. F. Kenney, Auct. - (ll-2t)y m m mwjsmmMmn7TwmKm. mm-MiMMinfl 'PRUDENTMAN'PUTSMSAKfrA Big Stock of School Shoesro Boys, Girls and Children, of the most serviceable, stylish and dependableQuality, at the lowest prices.bait qoaawB-I Greatest Shoe Store 1" ' jM , , ,-,, .. .. j -wwpnmiMONEY IN THE BANK AND LETS IT STAYTHERE UNTIL HE F1NDSA SAFE INVESTMENT,Many fortunes are LOST and many lives WREGKEDevery year by UNSAFE, unwise investments. No manshould risk LOSING the savings of a lifetime without consulting his banker. The best place to invest is right here athome where you can WATGH your investment and whennvesting here even "look before you leap'We shall cheerfully and free of charge, give you oropinion on any investment you figure on making. Maybe wecan save you a LOSS.Make OUR bank YOUR bank,We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPITAL $150,000.00- SURPLUS 30.0W.00 ' r- . ST9CH01MIS' LIAiklTY.:.. I5MM.M 'Protectiw to Depositors3S0,OtPWU. . bQXK Pr,tWt.h-.&1WL--- vC"i-J$v-AiS.tjS