' 'V "" r-r! i.-"ii.vr.5sE i r , . " '. ai.- T ,.,.o . Je. t.t--f-V- -x "'VPUBLISHED EVPRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARv ,-:"twfcfi !VOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1914.t - j-GRO WOMAN FOUND DEAD ) NEGROES SUSPECTED OF "HUSBAND HELD ON SUSPICION. I ROBBERY PLACED IN JAIL.EPIDEMIC CONDITIONSRAPIDLY IMPROVING.r - J o -THE BOURBONNEWSt V"-Irlrs. Lillie Hunter, colored, aged 25t ss, was found dead at her home in( 'aysville, last night, with a bulletV, ntnd over her heart. The appear--'oindicates murder.Hie woman's husband, Eph Hunter,&.ne up town and told the police that2:e went to supper and found his wifecfrd. The officers wrent to the scene,;ting Hunter with them. Upon invest -ation they found cne woman on thefl..r dead and a revolver with onecartridge exploded, lying under a chairntr by. Hunter's actions was so susP c.ous that, atter a vigorous questionire, he was placed under arrest andtaken to jail. Hunter protested his innocence, saying it was a case of sui-An autopsy was hc:d on the woman'scry last night. Coroner Davis will1 . M an inquest to-day when an effort-.-I be made to get at the real facts.Several neighbors of the Hunters.'.: m to have heard the shot, and sawre man leave the house shortlyt rward, but could not say who hetESUS SUED ON ALLEGEDBURLEY STOCK DEAL.? it has been filed in the Montgomery Circuit Court for $9,000 by M. L.KiVjcpatrick, of Cincinnati, and J. W.Glcrer, of Louisville, against ClarenceLt-rus, President of the Burley Tolv. o Society.Vhen the Burley ManufacturingConpany was organized is was agreedthv 10 per cent, of the sales of thetamer who were members of theBurley Society should be held fromtVir sales and stock in the nianuia curing concern issued to them.The plaintiffs in the suit filed allegeiliey purchased the rights from manyor '"ne members of stock in the manulacturing concern and sold them toLet us, to be delivered when the stockas issued. When the plaintiffs secured the stock and tendered it toLebus they say he declined to pay forit and receive it.Tie petition askes that Lebus becompelled to take the stock purchasedand pay the plaintiff3 for it to theextent of the purchase price agreedupon. $9,000. The suit will be tried attlie January term of the Circuit Court.Jim Tates and Virginia McFenney,two negro men, claiming to have comefrom Louisville, were arrested yesterday and placed in jail in Paris, on awarrant sworn out by a Mr. Gravitt,living on the Penn place near Hutchison. The men were accused of stealing $900 in currency, which had beenreceived by Mr. Gravitt last Friday.His daughter had been counting themoney, and heard a noise on the porch.Hurriedly hiding the money she madea search and claims she recognizedthe two men spying on her. A ladderwas afterward found resting againstthe porch, and it is spposed the menused this in making their -tfay to theroom from which the money disappeared. The men had been at workon the place cutting wood. None ofmoney was found on them althoughthey were searched at the jail, and itwas the presumption that they hadsecreted it somewhere around thefarm, hoping to secure it at a favorable opportunity.OPEN NIGHTS.We are now open nights. We offera very extensive'' line of Christmaspresents. Come in and select yoursnow.(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.HANDS "COL." SPEAKES-A REAL NICE BOQUETConditions with reference to thefoot and mouth situation are rapidlyimproving throughout the Blue Grasssection of the State and the, alarmthat has been felt for the safety ofcattle and hogs is disappearing. Fatcattle are leaving this section of theState as fast as the Federal inspectors can pass on their condition andfat hogs are going to the maf ket freely.Monte Fox, of Danville, one of thelargest exporters of fat cattle in .theBlue Grass when asked regarding thesituation, said: i"Two weeks ago the farmers of ,Central Kentucky were greatly alarm-.ed for .fear the disease would spread s iiauu uieir neras oi caiue oecome in- jrecteu. Tney teit they were in imminent danger of having their cattledestroyed in order to stamp out thedisease and would, as a result, suffergreat loss. But all of this has practically changed and since the lifting ofthe embargo, permitting cattle andhogs to be shipped to outside marketsfor immediate slaughter, it has beendifficult to get cars sufficient to handlethe business."I was in Chicago this week and butlittle is heard there of the disease, thestock pens having a full run of cattle, sheep and hogs. I received anorder to buy a dozen carloads of cattel for the New York Christmas trade,which I have done, paying $7 to $8 ahundred pounds for the best cattle."Mr. Fox said that since the embargow m am m -iviitcneii &w- WbiakcmorcsChrismasJtor jffimfStftThe Winchester Daily Sun, in a re- j was lifted he had shipped out of Cen-GOOD APPLES.cent issue, published a fine half-tonelikeness of "Col." George D. Speakes,the "silver-voiced auctioneer" of thiscity, and follows it with the accompanying' bouquet:"The above likeness is that of 'Col.'George D. Speakes, a member of thereal estate firm of Harris & Speakes,of Paris, who is one of the most wide-ly-knownauctioneers in Central Kentucky. 'Col.' Speakes has a wide acquaintance in this section of theState, where he has been engaged inauctioneering for a number of years.During his career he has sold morecity real estate and farm lands thanany other auctioneer in this sectionand his services are always in demand."KENTUCKY ASSOCIATION ELECTDIRECTORS AND OFFICERSNt cheap apples, but good apples.Wi&esaps and Albemarle Pippins.I5-tf) C. P. COOK & CO.ENORMOUS SALE OFRED CROSS SEALS.R'poits from almost every State inthe Union received at the headquarters of the "National Association forthp Study and Prevention of Tuberculosis, in New York, indicate that up tothe close of business Saturday nightapproximately 24,000,000 Red- CrossChristmas Seals had been sold, andthat the sale for the year would reachr.Vj0,000. Last year's sales was 44,-fO".W00.A FINE LINE.candies.A fine line of ChristmasLeave your order early.J. E. CRAVEN.(XKING McNAMARA ISPAROLED FROM PRISON.""he State Prison Commission hasraroled J. H. "King" McNamara, ofLexington, who wajg serving a fiveear sentence at Frankfort, for mandaughter. McNamara killed JakeHeller, ot Lexington, over fifteen yearsa-ro.After the murdar he escaped andh at large until about three yearsaero, when he was captured in LouisMile and returned to Lexington fortiial. He has served over two yearsof his sentence. The parole was aploed by Geovernor McCreary."King McNamara, as he was known?ret Jacob Keller on the streets ofLexington on a nilit in February,1S99. and shot him to death. He madeMs escape and for thirteen years wasat libertv. Two years ago he was arlested in Louisville, where he hadbeen living for some years, by SheriffDan "V. Scott and taken to Lexingtonfor trial. He was sentenced to fivetears in the penitentiary.The Kentucky Association stockholders at their annual meeting in Lexington, Saturday, selected Messrs.Catesby Woodford, O. H. Chenault, G.D. Wilson, Johnson N. Camden, HalPrice Headley, R. L. Baker, T. C. McDowell, Matt. J. Winn and Allen B.Gallaher as Directors, all having beenre-elected. These Directors in turnrA-AiPP.tprl Mr. Catesbv Woodford, ofParis, as president; O. H. Chenault,vice-president, and G. D. Wilson, secretary. Secretary Wilson reported to thestockholders that $21,000 had beenexpended in improvements this year,making $116,000 since the purchaseof 'the plant from the estate ofvtlielate Capt. S. S. Brown. It was votedto double the stock, if it can be legally done, inasmuch as it is ponsideredthat the improvements belong to thestockholders and that they weremade instead of declaring dividends.For Father, Brother and Sweetheart appropriate gifts thatwill make each one happy, and not be so expensive for the onewho gives. New Christmas Novelties at this store within thereach of all.tral Kentucky more than twenty-fivecarloads of cattle to the Eastern markets. The cattle are loaded in carsbedded with sawdust, without feed,and the cars sealed. The cattle uponarrival in Pittsburg are watered andfed and proceed to their destination.Mr. Fox said that the situation wasgreatly improved and that large sumsof money were being received by thefarmers for their cattle and hogs.A question from a constituent putRepresentative Ben Johnson, at Washington, the other day, on a trail whichmay greatly complicate the foot-and-mouthdisease quarantine situation.He discovered in searching the law forFederal slaughter rights as to cattle,that there is only one provision onthat subject, and it specifically saysthat before suspected or diseased animals can be killed, they must be purchased by the Gov-ei-nment.The Federal authorities have beenmaking arrangements all over thecountry that they will pay half theprice of slaughtered cattle if the Statewill pay half, and there has been nosuggestion that the purchase moneybe paid before slaughter.IBATH ROBESSMOKING JACKETSHOUSE COATSPERSIAN LAMB KNIT VESTSCOAT SWEATERSINITIAL HANDKERCHIEFSFANCY HANDKERCHIEFSJAPANESE SILKSCOMBINATION SETSTOILET SETSCOLLAR BAGSiNECKTIE RINGS AND HOLDERSDRINKING FLASK(And Cups With Leather Covers)NECKWEAR, MUFFLERS,UMBRELLASTRAVELING SETSTRAVELING BAGSFINE LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS(In Leather Cases.)CHRISTMAS WINES.Call on Ed. Slattery for your Christmas wines. (x)'CHHISTMAS SAVINGS DISTRIBUTION BY BOURBON BANK ANDTRUST COMPANY.;E VBR YTHING N$ WNovelties not to be found anywhere except at this store.Mitchell & Blakemore,IThe Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckyThe Bourbon Bank & Trust Compauv will distribute many thousand ofdollars among the members of theirChristmas Savings Club during thenext week.All members are requested. to bringThe dividend this year was ten per j their caras to the bank on or aftercent, but there were several years mwhich no dividends were declared.NICE AND SENSIBLE PRESENTS.Full line of ladies' and men's houseslippers. Nothing nicer for a Christmas gift.(x) GEO. McWILLlAMS.THE TOBACCO MARKETS.SOMETHING DELICIOUS.Go to Bruce Holladay's for homeMade fruit cakes, plum puddings andmince meaLrfec8-eot-T)$1.00 PER QUART.Trv a quart of "eight year old SamClay, U per quart, at Ed. Slattery's.ix).ANTI-FIREWORKS ORDINANCETO BE RIGIDLY ENFORCED.Discharging fireworks on the streetsof this citv is prohibited by a city or-d-nance,and Mayor J. T. Hinton will?ro?T, iccnQ ctrit nrriers to the policedepartment for its strict enforcement jduring the Christmas ana ie iwi oholidays. .The practice of shooting torpedoesand fireworks on the streets is a dangerous one, dangerous to life and iimd,and when the ordinance was passed bythe City Council it was intended as ameans of protection for pedestrians.Horses are very likely to scare atthe sudden discharge of fireworks, anarunaways would endanger the lives oirhaps a score of persons in tnetreets. Aside from tins -" -ravedanger of the explosives mflicts serious injuries to persons on tne-de walks. ,. .A violation of this city ordinance ispunishable by a fine and Mayor Hintonvill issue the usual warning that tiiepractice will not be tolerated.Record of Sales at Local House ShowsBetter Bidding and Good Prospect.Prices paid at the local warehousehave continued to grow better, andSatnrday the feeling was far betterthan at any time during the presentseason. As The News has repeatedlystated, badly handled or house-burnedtobacco is not going to bring fancyprices, and there is no use to expect it.While the market has moved offslowlv, yet, when the general condition of money matters is consideredwhen it is almost impossible to raisea dollar the conditions are not nearso discouraging as they might be.Business in all lines, has been almostcompletely paralyzed, and not until!, ioct tav weeks have the clouds begun to disappear. Under these condi-1tions, and the fact that prices on thelocal breaks continue to enmu, uie uullook is very encouraging, indeed.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseWarehouse Company sola toaturaay109,005 pounds of tobacco for $8,704.46an average of $7.98. This was by farthe poorest offering ever soTd over thefloors, row after row being the poorestsort of damaged, weather-beaten tobacco, some of which was cured onthe scaffolds. Tobacco of quality andcolor was quite a bit stronger. Especially was this noticeable on flyings,wliicn were uneu cfc.7 --showed color. Some crop averagesfrwllntt'CW A. Thomason & Mack, 1,095pounds for $99.44, an average of $9.87;j C. Booth & Rash, 2,135 pounds for$220.76, and average of $10.33; R. M.Thompson & Frazer, 1,935 pounds for$91185 an average of $10.94; Burke,Brent & Napier, 5,900 Pounds for$5.72,62, average $9.70; R. D.Worthington & Son, 2,035 pounds for $240 40average $11.85; J. B. Caldwell, 4,290pounds for $426.59, average $9.94,Wagner & Feeback, 3,680 pounds forQQn nveraee S10.30; Current Cunningham, 2,640 pounds for $251.65, average, $9.53.December 15, and receive tneirchecks. Or, upon request, the Bourbon Bank & Trust Company will mail! checks to their members. Many families in Paris and Bourbon county willv.o marie hannv as a result of this-Christmas Savings Club.The new Christmas Savings Club for1915 will be started by the BourbonBank & Trust Company on Monaay,December 21. Take advantage of thiseasy savings method and insure a happy Christmas for 1915.vBALDWIN'SLETFRANK & CO.KENTUCKY PRESS ASSOCIATIONTO MEET IN LOUISVILLE.The Kentucky Press Associationholds its mid-winter session in Louisville on the 28 and 29 of this month.Committees are preparing splendid entertainment, including theatre parties,a ball, banquet and so on. We Rubeeditors are greasing our brogans andsaving money to get a new biled shirtfor the occasion. The boys may balkat the new-fangled dances, but waituntil they get a line on that "feed;' tobe spread at Hotel Henry Watterson.Clay's Sausage.ORANGES BY THE BOX.Call early and getwant.15-tf) C. P.the size youCOOK & CO.FINE WHISKIES.I BALDWIN iXBROS.KILLYOURHOGSSPECIAL SALEHigh Class SuitsSam Clay, Van Hook, Old Tarrwhiskies, eight years old, 1.00 perquart, at Ed. Slattery's. (x)WORKMAN'S COMPENSATION ACTIS DECLARED INVALID.The Court of Appeals, by a majorityof one, held the Workman's Compensation Act, passed by the last GeneralAssembly, to be unconstitutional, holding that it was compulsary and notelective, and being such that it virtually deprived the employe of 'hisright to recover if he did not agree towork under its provisions.DELICIOUS FRUITS.A CHEAP WATER SET.0.0. ,i riRs nitcher and 6:lass tumblers $1.(15-lt) , " , FORD.&yCOcutCall and see us for your Christmascandy delicious fruits and otherholiday supplies.(X) J. B. CRAVEN.CHRISTMAS WHISKIES.For your Christmas whiskies, wines,etc., try Ed. Slattery's best eight yearold at $1 per quart. ., (x)t:::SAVE TIMEANDMONEY.Wmwlhw s.40 SUITSAT $10.00 EACHWorth Up To $23.75.35 SUITSAT $15.00 EACHWorth Up To $35.00Toy DepartmentOpenNSee Our Christmas Display"FRANK & COThe Store Where ReliabilityReigns.tAAA4AA4AAAAAAA4- -. i,J. .r;-.Mowm. -Lm7.yV.M.Vv-''---VTHE BOURBON NEWS,, PARIS, .KENTUCKY. DECEMBER IS; ,1914 n JfV41NlvEe3?!l rfe.;c0STS $aw . A :MYEstablished ibtn 32 Years oftinoiicu-s Publication.6WIPT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.(Entered al the Pans, Kentucky, iJPostoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Glass.) IOne Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.U0PaS'able in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemuts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.OTHER TOBACCO MARKETS.LEXINGTON MAITIZT.""'lursday's sales on ' T -axin "i'tGLacco market were 237,375 poundszx prices ranging from 21.5) .i iiJ'.i-dred down and at an average price of$5.29 a hundred.AtTorinp'5 ps n wholp wprp rf nnnrprrnality than on any day since the Itpeninsr of the market, the percentageof good tobacco on the breaks verylow.WINCHESTER MARKET.At the Planters' Loose Leaf Warehouse, in Winchester, 119,839 poundscf tobacco, including Thursday's sales,hae been sold, the amount realizedbeing $10,909.60, at a general averagect $9.15The amount sold Thursday was223,365 at $2 to $14.50. H. G. Bush'scrcp of 3,025 pounds brought $12.20.FRANKFORT MARKET.The tobacco sales at Frankfort,Thursday, amounted to 32,873 pounds.at an. average of ?8.41 a hundred. Theprices ranged as high as $17 a hundred. MAYSVILLE MARKET.Loose leaf tobacco sales at Maysville. Thursday, were light, only threeliouses reporting. They sold 33,480pounds. The market was slow and inactive. Prices ranged, from $1 to $16a hundred. The Home house sold 26,-.076 pounds at an average of $7. TheFarmers' house sold 4,010 pounds andthe Growers 3,400 pounds.LOUISVILLE MARKET.There was another fairly good vol-!ume of new tobacco on the Louisville ibreaks Thursday. All told 100 hogs- jheads of new tobacco were disposed ofat auction 98 burley and 2 dark. Thequality of the new was poor, the percentage of colory grades being verylow. Prices were on a level with Wednesday and generally satisfactory tosellers, rejections being only moderate. The oitermgs ot tne ouney werereadily taken at steady to firm prices, jReceipts are increasing and prospectsare for good volume of business nextweek.SICK HEATACHE.Sick headarhe is nearly alwayscaused by disorders of the stomach.Correct therii and the periodic attacksot sick headache will appear. Mrs.John Bishop of Roseville, O., writes:'"'About a year ago I was troubledwith indigestion and had sick headache that lasted for two of threedays at a time. I doctored and trieda number of remedies but nothinghelped me until during one of thosesick" spells a friend advised me totake Chamberlain's Tablets. Tis med-.. . .. . , j xi ticme relieved me in a snori. unie. ,For sale by all dealers.(adv-dec)There are 3,324 languages and dia-lects in the world and yet a man can't -Think of a word to say when his wife''enters his office suddenly ana nnasTiiin holding hands with a strange"blonde. " IA TEST FOR LIVER COMPLAINT.Mentally Unhappy Physically Dull.. T . , . , !The Liver, sluggish and inactive,firsts hows itself in a mental way j-unhappy and critical. ever is there,joy in hrag, as when the Stomach and .Liver are doing their work. Keep your ,1 JrZSSS, SUble to buy a new one when winterKing's New Life Pills; they empty the;ZetZeJ?, t. when It starts to snoW, he finds ,i? J oe i """ J 1Blood. 25c at Druggists. IT" ? 1 ?u. J A m. ? .a a C1 mm lkrtl Im4 ffWPiles.(adv-dec)PUBLICOFWell Improved Small FarmONWEDNESDAY, DEC. 16. 1914,at-11 o'clock a. m. on the premises, we will sell to the highest bidder, a tract ofsixty acres of well improved land, located two miles north of Paris, Ky., on theBuddies Mills pike.Forty acres of the land is in 'grass, remainder in cultivation: plenty ofwater, springs, branch and pool; fencing first-class; two good orchards. The improvements consist of a new five-room cottage, just completed; stock barn,splendid dairy, good cistern; outbuildings all in good repair.This is a very desirable small farm and a nice little home, convenient to the'cityasd on one of the' best pikes in the county. Good school Avithin 200 yards.This is just the place tor a market garden or dairy tarm.The farm will be offered in two tracts, then .together' and best bid will beaccepted. Tract No. 1 Forty acres all in grass, with the improvements; tractNo. 220 acres unimproved land: both trade have good pike frontage.TERMS One-half cash, balance in two equal payments in one and twoyears. Positive sale.: HARRIS & SPEAKES, Paris, Ky.GEORGE D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer. (2dec-Russia's Bill for War Is Almost DoubleThat of Any OtherPower.Paris. The war bill which Europeis meeting daily is now figured up asfollows:i Russia $1-4.000,000Germany 7,225,000France 7,000,000England 5,000,000Austria 4,000,000Various 3,000,000Total $40,225,000'The French appropriation is fromj official figures as announced by AI.Ribot, minister of finance; the English estimate by the London Statist;the German total from "an authoritative source" in a Geneva paper, andthe other sums from various conservative estimates which have appearedin one place or another. The items"various" represents the probable expense to which Servia, Belgium andthe neutral countries of Switzerland,Italy, Roumania, Turkey, Greece, Holland and Deninark have been put.This vast total does not include thedestruction of property where fighting is taking place nor the wellnighincalculable losses to Europe of 20,-000,000 men under arms being takenfrom production. There are no indi-t cations in France that exhaustion has' set in, but it is evident that the ac-cumulated treasure of even the richestcountry on the continent is beingpoured out at a rate that adds $200,000,000 a month to the national debt.FEEDING ARMY ON MOVE"' vAMfcy,j?.Food for the soldiers is prepared inportable kitchens, which accompanythe army. In the picture a temporaryllalt nas been made to examine thefood being cooked on the march.pipt ripuTO mtnirk our-i i ono i nijtnio hiyiiu oncLLOPrivate Writes Home Two TroopersForgot Fray to Settle Football Dispute.London. "If you want to knowr howour boys are behaving, listen to this,"writes a private in the ColdstreamGuards."The other day we were moved upto relieve a company of the 'blind halfhundred' (Royal West Kent regiment),who were being pretty badly shelledin their trenches. Quite close to mei found a first-class scran eoine on between two privates, who, .ignoring theshells, were settling a dispute in theold English manner. And what do youthink the row was about? The re-spective merits of the Aston Villa andtheQueensPark ranges footballteams."LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)A woman can come home in a caband nobody thinks anything of it. Butif her husband does it everybodyknows tnat ue is SOUsedE m when the sun is warmd the birds are sillgingt a mannis overcoat into the corner ofo . . T,ooniloo llo tnn,,5 bo win hi comes around again. And the nextthat he is broke, as usual, and the old. ..a ...i.f,r wnftr1 f lllmcoat feels mightyO OSome fellows are human golf balls.They are helped out of one hole onlyto get into another.SALE4tjwsBRsjssiwiwfiiaftsw crr '" .81 ' ; BMkSmmT' iWHERE HEROES FELLMad Tumult of Death in Man-to-IVIanBattle.Writer Gives Graphic Picture of Bayonet1 Charge Germans, Sirts andBritons Fall Side by Side inBloody Charge.In the North of France. The initialeffort of the massed German strengthto tear their way through the allies'lines at Ypres and thus drive in theopening wedge by which their sweepof the French coast was to be madepossible wras broken by one of themost superb and self-sacrificing displays of heroism ever attempted by abody of soldiers.The attack opened with a terrificcannonade against the British positions. Shells tore in, shrieking andbursting in a mad tumult of death,scarring the British trenches, blastingthrough bomb-proofs and making aninferno of the allies' position.Under cover of the furious artilleryfire the German columns started toadvance at the double. Rank uponrank, regiment upon regiment, theyloomed through the smoke held lowas a screen by the dense fog that prevailed. The word passed along theBritish trenches that this was the supreme effort of the German advance.While the first line was setting itself firm to withstand the shock ofthe fierce impact they knew was coming, a great wave of Britons boiledup and over the edge of the Britishuitches. They rolled pell mell downthe approach to the trenches and whenthey scrambled to their feet thereAvere two regiments of them oneScottish and a regiment of the guards.They formed quickly, with bayonetsfixed, and went down into the center ofthe gray line of advancing Germans,yelling a battle cry that was bloodstirring. They charged like demons.The artillery of the allies openedfire behind them to give them cover,but soon thsy had advanced past therange of safety at which the Frenchgunners might fire without hitting thecharging 'line of Britons.The Germans came on at a steadytread, in numbers that it seemed mustengulf the two lines charging downupon them.Then came the clash. It was coldsteel from the moment they struck.Thrusting, recoiling, parrying, countering and thrusting again, the Scotsand the guards fought their men hand-to-hand,,giving back before the steadypress of Teutons, but fighting all theway.They feil side by side, the Germans,the Scots and the gallant Britons,those behind trampling them, but stillthey rose and fought again until the"dressed" German line resembled amob. Confusion spread through theGerman ranks. Panic seemed to haveseized them, and they "milled," losingall sense of direction, knowing onlythat a horde of demons had beenturned loose in their midst and hadmade it a man-to-man fight.The German clmigo was broken, forno front could extricate itself fromsuch a turmoil In the face of thetrenches, and the Germans were forcedto retire to re-form.Reserves were brought up to fill thecan wnere tne Drave ecois auu me. .ngiana,American Device, Sold to EReported Used in Big SiegePieces.New York. That the English government has under consideration adevice, the invention of Americans, togive shells a rotary motion before theyleave the gun and that the secret already has been stolen and sold to Germany and is responsible for the remarkable effectiveness of the 42-centimeter sietre euns that reduced tneJ ,orts at Liege and fcher cities is thestartling story going the rounds ofsemiofficial circles in Washington andNew York.This device, it was said, would doaway with rifling inside big guns andgreatly lengthen their lives, as it isthe wearing out df. the rifling thatmakes large guns useless after 20, 50or 100 shots.The story is that the secrets of theinvention were stolen and sold to theGerman general staff at the outset ofthe great war.Stops Extortion.Berlin. To husband the resourcesof the empire and prevent extortionwhen the supplies diminish as an inevitable result of the war, the federalcouncil, or bundesrat, has fixed a scaleof maximum prices for all cereals.The price of wheat is highest, withrye next.They're Not "Coldstreams."London. A correspondent writingto one of the papers says:"Don't talk about 'Coldstreams.' Itis quite wrong. They are the 'Coldstream guards' or the 'Coldstreamers.'I had this from one of their officers,( and he was very insistent about it.".f, i. -i. i. - f v.,-i. i acres now occupied by my brother,gallant Britons had gone out to their , Jog A lilldrethf t0 be laid ott so as t0mission of death, and the line again j include present burial ground therewas in a position to hold. on in wuiCU my lather and my motherIn scattered twos and threes shat-1 an(j imsband and child and othertered twos and threes the Guards j members of my family are buried, andand the Scots found their lines. But 1 1 now will and direct that the saidthe two regiments were done. If they j one acre shall be used and maintainedhad broken the German advance they perpetually as a burial ground lor thehad given their lives to do it. Not a members of my family, &c and the,f , . 4.-ha Trt said acre will be reserved with thesmall company was left of the two , right of ingress and egresregiments. Said sale Wlll De made upon the5 ! credit of six and twelve months forGERMANS STEAL GUN SECRET! equal parts of the purchase money,purchaser being required to executeYOU GAN HELP MORETHAN YOU DREAM.,Can you better live up to the spiritof this time of rejoicing than bybringing hope and relief to some sufferer from consumption?The sale of Red Cross ChristmasSeals helps to establish and maintaindispensaries and visiting nurses forthe care of consumptives, and to educate thousands in the care of the sickand the prevention of sickness herein Kentucky.Do YUUK share.Buy and use Red Cross ChristmasSeals on everything you mail or sendaway until Christmas dav.Lots of people who have their beer,and booze carried in back entranceto their homes in disguised packageswill be awfully mad when they get toHeaven if they find that St. Peter hasadmitted any of the fellows who openly rushed the growlex- when they werealive.MRS. McCLAIN'S EXPERIENCE WITH CROUP."When my boy, Ray, was small hewas subject to croup, and I was always alarmed ats uch times. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy proved farbetter than any other for this trouble.It always relieved him quickly. I amnever without it in the house for Iknow it is a positive cure for croup,"writes Mrs. W. R. McCain, Blairsville,Pa. For sale by all dealers.(adv-dec)lit doesn't matter how long theyhave been married, Mother alwaysgets mad when she hears Father referto her as the Old Woman.We can't blame the girls for gettingsore because we won't let them vote.Some of them have to shave as oftenas we do.MASTER'S SALEOFLAND.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Mary E. Rogers' Admr.,Vs. Notice of Sale.Jos. A. Hildreth, &c-&c, PlaintiffsDefendantjUnder and by virtue of a judgmentot the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the above styled action, the undersigned Master Commissioner willsell at public auction to the highestand best bidder, at the court housedoor in Paris, Ky., about the hour cf11 o'clock, a. m., onMONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1915,thefollowing described property, to-wit:Beginning at G, a stone in the oldBlue Lick Road, a corner to the 301.32acre tract, and running therefromalong said road S 78, W 6.89 chains;thence S 75 5-8, W 19.15 chains to I,stone in said road; thence with roadand with John Roseberry's line S 4,W 24.78 chains to J, a stone in theeast margin of road a corner to 301.32 jacre tract; thence leaving road N 68,E 22.65 chains to U, a stone cornerto said tract; thence N 6714, E 16.54chains to V, a stone corner to stake;thence N 30, W 18.00 chains to thebeginning, containing 65.64 acres.But under the will of testatrix,Mary E. Rogers, one acre is reservedfor burial purposes as follows:"I do now except and reserve fromthe operation of my said will and codicil one acre of land on the tract of 65j bond for equal parts of the purchaseprice witu g00(i security to be approved by the said Master Commissionerand payable to said Commissioner,bearing interest at the rate of 6 percent, per annum from date ot sale until paid, and to remain a lien upon theproperty sold until fully paid, and tohave the force and effect of a judgment. c a. McMillan,M. C. B. C. C.TALBOTT & WHITLEY, Attorneys.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.ADDITIONAL DESCRIPTION.The above described tract, containing 65.64 acres, is a good home for aman of small means. The said landhas thereon the following improvements :A comfortable brick residence of 8rooms and cellar;A SY2 acre tobacco barn;Stable and ice house, large brickmeat 'house;The tract contains some tobaccoland.Two never-failing springs and pond.The farm is situated on a good dirtroad one mile on the old Blue Lickroad, 6 miles East of Paris.Possession will be given of theabove land on March 1, 1915.For further, particulars, apply toJ. H. ROSEBERRY,E. T. Phone 526.Administrator Mrs. Evaline Rogers'estate.(5-12-19-dec-3t)Dissolution Notice.This is to notify the public that thepartnership business of the firm ofGault & Thomas, doing business in thecity of Millersburg, Kentucky, is thisday dissolved by mutual consent. Theobligations of the firm will be assumedby Mr. Gault.(ll-2t) 1 S. F. THOMAS.CEST &. HAWKINS,BourbonDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.fwY(US""1 If IBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.mmmmmmammmmmmmammmmmmmmmmmPans OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked.to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.1Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.:(fSiWBell TelephoneBulletins12 RECEIVERSYou'd be surprised to know howmany telephone receivers are leftoff the hook every day, not only inresidences, but in business offices.Sometimes it is done through carelessness and often by accident.Ari extension desk set locatedon a table or desk is apt to bemoved into such a position thatthe receiver rests on a book or isdisplaced in some equally simplemanner. In homes, children andservants are most frequently responsible for this trouble.'When a receiver is left off thehook and the operator is unable toattract the attention of the subCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYINCORPORATEDExpert CarriagePainter.Mr. Percy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been omployed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast 8 yers, has opened a shop at thecorner of Fouth and High Streets, andsolicits the patronage of those needing anything in his line.Both Phones 583.For Sale.One gentle, bay, combined mare, 15hands high, 6 years old, 1 buggy andset of buggy harness, nearly njew.Will sell cheap. ,(ll-8t) ' - J. M. RUSSHLLi ,MHIersbprg, Kentucky.Laundry fWest 5 StreetVlIisIftftftftIftWe Take Pleasure.in oing tip the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry lino. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Lanndrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes buck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeCleaning Co. 8:OFF THE HOOKscriber, the ' 'howler " is connectedand produces a Joud noise. If thisfails to cause the subscriber to replace the receiver, the telephone isout of order until an employe canreach the place and put the receiver on the hook."When your receiver is off thehook no one can call you. Theresult is annoying to yoia, to thosewho wish 'to telephone you, whoare told your telephone Ss "out oforder," and to us.So, you see, it is rather important to all of us that the receiverremain in place when the telephone is not in use.?-3WHYtake chances witbyour fowls?Bourbon Poultry CurIs absolute and quick death tothe germs of roup, colds andother Infectious diseases. Afew drops in the drinking waterkills tht disease germs and prevents sickness. One 50c bottlemakes 12 gallons of medicine.At drngeists, or by mail, postpaid. Valuable poultry bookfree.B0U1B0N 1EMDY CO.. LexiatftM b-You have to teach a child everything else in school. But you neverhave to teach it to put pencils in itsmouth.4'- "i:&$Ly- ,?',1 "V-4 kkfirhAs -ix-' 1"v5?t.ft4T. r. " aLfc ."V ..A-irmf Jwfr V f " 4 P Jf 'i '4 WJV; -3i AvirV tf "-,f : f & :-' n:v. fvv -ruy.: m.ATiV r " ! i '--,irw'.ia:aAv..-THE BOURBON NEWS PAWS, KY., DECEMBERS 1914TThis is a very fine Steel CutCoffee, with an attractiveteaspoon in each package.For sale by all grocers at20 cents per ponnd.is roasted and packed fresh whileALL COFFEEnot unaer tne most improved scientific method. Itis guaranteedto you as, the very best coffee enthe market today. For sale byall first class procers at 30c a fttEARLY WAR NEWS,1 GIVE A HOOSIER CABINETKISER REPORTED IMPROVED.LONDON, Dec. 11. Emperor Wili: -c -i .!iiuui, ul vitsnuauy, aimuuuuement oi :whose illness of pneumonia has beenfollowed by various unauthenticatedreports that his condition was serious,For Christmas This Year"is said to have improved considerablyunder care of physicians at Berlin.DRESDEN SAID TO BE CAUGHT IN 'WuCertified Check CoffeeREDBVGASHEATERS!PRICES$4.00 TO $25.00INSTALLED. 'Satisfaction Guaranteed.Paris 6a$ $ electric o.(Incorporated.)BUENOS AIRES, ARGENTINE, December 11. The German cruiser Dresden, the only warship of AdmiralCount Von Spee.'s squadron to escapeafter the battle with the British squadron, under command of Admiral SirFrederick C. D. Sturdee, has been cor-fnered in the Straits of Magellan, according to advices received here.The naval division commanded byAdmiral Sturdee vis understood to include nine warships, notably the British battle cruisers Lion and Indefatigable.The Hoosier Saves Miles of $tes.:1 YTHREE SUBMARINES REPORTED fTO BE SUNK. 'ZIt will save steps in your home. It saves supplies; itJ saves waste; it saves time and energy.Nothing you could put in your home will do so muchfor your wife or mother as this wonderful new HoosierCabinet.LONDON, Dec- 11. A dispatch fromDover states that three German submarines, which have been sunk aftera heavy fusilade by the land batteries.The attempted raid on the harborwas made under cover of darkness at6:30 Thursday morning. Six submarines took part in it.OH, FURY!"For fresh young men I have nouse,Said pretty Mary Micken;"You may call me a little goose,But don't call me a chicken.".Some men Pray on Sunday andPrev the rest of the week.because the 'entire systembecomes permeated withinjurious acids.To relieve rheumatism ScotfsEmulsion is a double help; it isrich in blood-food; it impartsstrength to the functions and supplies the very oil-food that rheumatic conditions always need.Scotfs Emulsion hashelped countless thousandswhen other remedies failed.No Alcokol. Refase Sbstitatet. rrii-uan-HimvGERMANS ADVANCE IN RUSSIA.J LONDON, Dec. 11. The reportediut.of the Austrian forces in Servia,i the borders of which country they' crossed triumphantly just two weeks1 ago, together with the steady advance, of the German center m the directionor' Warsaw on this, the third Germaninvasion of Russian Poland, dominatethe war news to-day.After occupying Lodz, the Germanshave been pushing to the northeast to-v.-nrH Warsaw along- flip railroad, and 'one dispatch from Petrograd estimatesthat they are only fifteen miles fromthe Polish capital, while another message from Petrograd, sepculating onthe possible fall of Warsaw, warnsthe Russian people that the abandonment of this city, if such a move becomes necessary, should be regardedas a strategic operation on the part ofthe Russians rather than a decidedGerman victory.It will be recalled that a similarvaiw expressed when the Russiansretired from Lodz.Axx KackacnexxII I of Russellville, Ala., says: I 111EJfcJ 'Tor nearly a year, i sui- akjDANIELS SAYS U. S. NAVY ISSTRONG WORLD POWER.WASHINGTON, Dec. 11. For upward of five hours Thursday the House1 Naval Committee plied Secretary Daniels, of the Navy Department, withquestions intended to obtain reasons, for his adherence to a two-battleshipi program and to develop the navy's' weakness if, as has been alleged, it is! weak in some of its component parts.Admitting that he would favor four(battle ships if the revenues of thej Government would permit, the Secrej tary insisted that the continuance ofthe usual yearly program was keepingI the United States in a "strong position" among the naval powers.The Administration navy program,to which the committee is asked togive its approval, includes two dreadnoughts, six destroyers, eight submarines, one of the sea-going type, onegunboat and one collier.HOW'S THIS?40 Labor-Saving features 17 Entirely New.This Hoosier has all the practical conveniences thathave been suggested by thousands of owners. Not asingle practical suggestion for its improvement has beenmade since we have had it on the floor.20,000 Hoosier Cabinets were given for Christmaslast year. This year the demand will be greater, and oursupply will undoubtedly be exhausted. Come early.Make your selection while our stock is complete. If yourwife isn't delighted with your choice, we will refund yourmoney.WW v ilSMMS' k wwrt"White Beauty'Advertised in leading MagazinePAY ONLY S1.00Then, after that, a dollar a week until you havecompleted the small cash price fixed by the HoosierCompany. No extra fees, no interest.Until you have examined the Hoosier Cabinet,you can't appreciate its beautiful finish, its rigid construction, and its wonderful convenience. But themere fact that 700,000 people already have boughtoHoosiers, and are delighted with them, is your safeguard. Any one of them had the privilege of receiving their money back if they were not pleased.Not one Hoosier owner has asked for her money.Come in tomorrow and let us show you whatthe Hoosier will mean in your home before it is toolate to get it for Christmas.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main Street.CHAS. GREEN, ManagerOpp. Court House.vnMiss Myrtle Cothrum,of Russellville, Ala., says:"For nearly a year, I suffered with terrible backache, pains in my limbs,and my head ached nearlyall the time. Our familydoctor treated me, butonly gave me temporaryrelief. I was certainly inbad health. My schoolteacher advised me toTAKECarduiThe Woman's TonicI took two bottles, in all,and was cured. 1 shallalways praise Cardui tosick and suffering women." If you suffer frompains peculiar to weakwomen, such as headache, backache, or othersymptoms of womanlytrouble, or if you merelyneed a tonic for that tired,nervous, worn-out feel-ine. try Cardui. e-65We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Halls CatarrnCure.F. J. CHENEY & CO ..Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. j. Chenev for the last 15 years, andj believe him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and financiallyable to carry out any obligations madeby his firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand" mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75 centsper bottle. Sold by all Druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for consti-SURE!We say the bird is on the wing,This term I've often heard;But when I see a bird, by jing,The wing is on the bird.The rich have their troubles, too.People never waste much time tryingto sting a man who has no money.j The old-fashioned man who used tobe a champeen checker player nowhas a son who comes home every nightI with a pocket full of pool chips.KEEP IT HANDYFOR RHEUMATISM.ckly relWes P.hcnmatisirf: Sore Mcb-I-ia, JJacKachf. IU-iuhcuc .u1 No use to squirm and wince and tryto wear out your Rheumatism. It willwear you out instead. Apply some, Sloan's Liniment. Need not rub it injust let it penetrate all through theaffective parts, relieve the sorenessand draw the pain. Y'ou get ease atonce and feel so much betterf youwant to go right out and tell other'sufferer's about Sloan's. Get a bottle of Sloan's Liniment for 25 cents ofany druggist and have it in the houseagainst Colds, Sore and SwollenJoinst, Lumbago, Siatica and like ailments. Your money back if not satisfled, but it does give almost instantrelief. Buy a bottle to-day.; (adv-dec)mfttfeftftttM;i WoWlia VStrViwiT-j v liark if It fall tO' .iev5 any acbe in any part tf tbo tulCfttT a vHtfia 4-Avw u iuuire t.Aicr .I-rlce GOc A.t All Druggists' lIt Irt unpie tad circclir teat oc reqtx't.6. E0UBB0N REMEDY COMPAQ, AJ342 Z&.SI ?Azmi St., Lcxhfilon. JKjfSn3lb- .shopping early.K K aLfirfBi?s!3i3aanftatfArvyiM.r3aFiii ill iii uDO YOUR SHOPPING EARLYAND AVOID THE CROWDS.Remember the crowds thatthronged the stores last Christmas when you were buyingyour presents. Avoid thosecrowds 'now by doing yourPublic Sale.We will cell the Turney Pattonfarm of 86 acres, situated two milesfrom Millersburg, Ky., land, stock,crop, etc., Cynthiana and Millersburgpike at ten a. m., onTHURSDAY, DECEMBER, 17, 1914.Carlisle Real Estate Co.Col. Geo. D. Speakes, Auct. (ll-2t)Kentucky Carlsbad SpringsSomething That the Kentucky Carlsbad Water Will Do That NoOther Water Ever Discovered Has Done.We will take the albumen out ofyour water in three days and we arecuring all cases of diabetes that drinkthe water. We will give relief to themost severe cases of kidney troublein one day and will absolutely cure anycase in 10 days. Stomach trouble guarantee it to cure any case in ten daysif it hasn't become cancerous. Bladder trouble of any kind will be curedin ten days. It will cure any old soreby bathing in it for two or three days.We guarantee it to cure any case ofcatarrh of the head or bowels in tendays. If you drink this water for tendays you wil be absolutely free fromconstipation or any organic trouble, asit positively will restore every internal organ of the body in ten days.If it doesn't the treatment won't costyou anything.You can get the same results, if itis not convenient for you to come tothe Springs, right at home, as we shipthe water with full directions,texcepting rheumatic cases; they must cometo the Springs to get well. Be sureto write for our free booklet.Kentucky Carlsbad Springs, Inc.DRY RIDGE, KY. jJzSZlVWPiiwv HP i 1 ri if8 CSyiSSSijisl Wl54JsiA-X. ? ' 1if &c- a,'LCi9. lr. rU& tvCost of a. AvV" ? y: vxste'isZLCfclD you ever think how much it cczls to give you. f the telephone right-of-way anywhere, at all times?Your telephone instrument, which consicts oi 13Qdifferent parts, is only the entrance way to your sHare."of the vast equipment necessary in making a call.Your line is connected with the great Bell highways,."reaching every ci::.te in the union with its poles, copper;wire, cress arms and insulators in the country; its under- ,r'our.d cone! v.-Ij, manholes, cable vaults and cables in the 'cues.Y"c". l-.-.ve ih" v.: a c switchboards cceting upwardsof 5 1 00,000.000. Ycu enjoy the benefits oi" countless in-ventions which make possible universal telephone talk.Your service is safeguarded by large forces of men . "building, testing and repairing lines. You command atrates t. i i, ,-,;;. I -. l. ,2 .j. f f. .-. w. --, f r-r-i- 'r-r-r-eUiilf,. . , i-iX " t.v Lill.OO U. I.U.llC LV-i JiJ. Vi J. KSJ. lii.ti. iLrim-a.lJi.ZferxSsSft l --v 1 Hew can snen a costly service be provided aiWj3&r8 Y , co b'w tPiat all can afford it?mMkjM Only by its use upon a sVJ t rfe ? ,V 'i& I millions of subscribers, anKM-'sv '; N.r-s urrwvATx nrMiare-and-share-alike basis by , -Ld by the most careful economy-in construction and operation. A plant so vest rives -s-epporcumty ror ruinous extravagance; ana jccicious ' teconomy is as essential to its success as is the co- -?operative use of the facilities provided.That the Bell System combines the maximum of ' ,usefulness and economy is proved by the fact that in -. ' -no other land and under no ether management has -,.. 'the telephone become such a servant of the masses, TrCUMSiHLAMD TELEPHONE AMD TELEGRAPH GO.One Policy Zs. ne System Universal S&rcic6.Every Call means n Pair c Wires trom. Subscriber to Subscriber however'ii3 may ire made or liowever far apart Subscribers mEEvrbe.!I--Al j' 'J - - - t u rwri aurjr-- -mr m t. t- t r i -i-ti wi iibih i nm ! i i i iiI .. Tmry-lV! F-.-Ji' r ' """,t-: a -.o..V. -'i ii TiiTi'Ti nil ftilttliiaiMMiri if i iltfr" ' " "J ' i ?i flrf fidjjtfiilhmir n'ufiajT'f v!Vkji-'-i:iiliy?THE BOURBON NEWS,' PARIS, ,KY., DECEMBER 15 1914vt .(i .fvMirvvwlTtie Busy Bee Bast StoieOur Motto: " More For Less."A BEAUTIFUL DISPLAY OFTOYSNovelties, China, GlasswareAt Remarkable Low Prices.CandiesOver 50 varieties to Select from, down to 1 0c-a pound.Mixed NutsStrictly f reh, at 1 5c a pound.OrangesSweet and juicy, 20c a dozen.APPLES, BANANAS, CRANBERRIES, ETC.SHELLED NUTS, RAISINS, CURRANTS, ETC."THE WHITE CHRISTMAS."The araugements for the celebration, of the "White Christmas" in thiscity Christmas Eve and ChristmasDay have been fully completed anddiffer very little from the program aspreviously announced in The News.The big "community Christmastree" which will be erected on thepublic square on Christmas T3ve willcontain no Christmas presents. Achoir of trained voices, picked fromthe choirs of all the churches, will singa program of Christmas carols of theolden time, from the steps of the courthouse. The occasion will be a decidedinnovation in the manner of celebratng the Christmas tide, and will carryus back, in spirit, to the early Englishdays, when the event was celebratedin like manner.All the Sunday schools took actionSunday on the matter of providing thegifts agreed upon from their respective classes. The donations will bebrought to the schools on Sunday, andwill be taken from there to the GrandOpera House on Monday. The promotors of the entertainment have already received donations of flour, money, coal, etc., from a' number of publicspirited merchants.ORANGES.The Big Red Ticket Christmas Sale jAt Marry Simon's 1Is Now Going- On! iTremendous Reductions in Every Line!Unheard-of Values in Every Department !Any price from 15 cents to 50 centsper dozen.15-tf) C. P. COOK & CO.A LARGE ASSORTMENT OFFIREWORKS! IAttention, Girls and Boys! 1Save your Tickets and try to get that beautiful S$10.00 DOLL or that "Dandy" $10.00 WAG-ON free of charge. See Dodgers for full ex- . Jplanation. JBig Bargains In Our Grocery 8Department.BUSY Bffi6flSH STORE, jFee's Old Stand, Main St., Paris, Ky. jA WONDERFUL PICTURE."The Mystery of Edwin Drood,"the motion drama picture which wasshown at the Alamo Theatre last Friday night, was truly a wonderful picture. As is well-known this is thestory left unfinished by Charles Dickens at his death. Sir Wiliam Nicoll,an Englishman, with the aid of themost famous detectives in all parts ofthe world, undertook to unravel themystery and arrive at what Would bethe likeliest solution of the story.When the story was finished anddramatized for the picture play people, the famous English actor, TomTerris and his Dickens' company ofnlavers save it according to theseI authorities, and it was well worth theprice of a high-class show to onewho loves the art of Dickens, andliked to imagine the thought in themind of the great author who did notlive the complete this, one of hisgreatest books., 1 T...aTMMMlMIHIIMMH-BIG ATTRACTIONS BOOKED FORSEN ALI CHRISTMAS.Manager Charles Scott informs us-ikatli e has booked the MetropolitanOperatic Concert Company for an engagement for Christmas matinee andmight. This is one of the most remarkably artistic musical organizations now traveling, and will no doubtdraw a big attendance from Paris.Announcement of seat sale and prices-will be made later on.Mr. Scott left Sunday for Nework,:to arrange for bookings for the latter-art of the season, and the opening ofiest season. He has been given astrances by the New York managersof -some excellent attractions forthe Ben Ali for the opening week in3HaSger Scott also announces thatk. has booked as the attraction forXev Year's Day the famouscomedy, "The Quaker Girl. linsSww. hich is considered one of thebest musical shows ever put on, asSt presented in this country aboutSSe'years ago, when Ina Claire broke3t stardom with this as her vehicle"cHOon Crawford also was m the caturg its first run and a number of.Snotables. The cast in the comwy which will appear at the Ben Ahnot been announced, but it will bejoI tke top notch.Cray's Sausage.(15-5t-T)ARE THE BEST.WcDOUGALL KITCHEN CABIKETS are the ONLY kitchen with full"U fronts. McDOUGALL cabinets areBEST made. Set of aluminum wareiree.lt) THE J.FANCY NUTS IN SHELL.There isn't a store in Paris that canequal them.15-tf) C. P. COOK & CO.HOOSIER KITCHEN CABINET.A Suit Sale$20.00 Suits, at $12.5025.00 Suits at 14.7530.00 Suits, at 17.5035.00 Suit's, at 19.5040.00 Suits, at 27.5045.00 Suits, at 29.5050.00 Suits, at 32.5075.00 Suits, at 37.50WaistsOne lot of White Waists, springstyles, prices $1.50 to $2.50Christmas Sale Price $.59$1.50 Waists, Xmas Sale Price.. .982.00 Waists, Xmas Sale Price... 1.492.50 Waists, Xmas Sale Price... 1.756.00 Crepe de Chine Waists 4.507.50 Crepe de Chine Waists 5.50Separate Shirts$ 7.50 Skirts at haf-price $3.7510.00 Skirts at 5.0015.00 Skirts at. 7.50Coats$10.00 Coats at $ 5.0015.00 Coats-at 9.7520.00 Coats at 12.5025.00 Coats at 17.5035.00 Coats at "19.75Christmas Novelties IA full line of Chri'stmas Novelties atlow prices now on display.DO YOUR SHOPPING EARLY.Blankets and Comforts$ .50 Blankets at $ .35.75 Blankets at 551.25 Blankets at 951.50 Blankets at 1.202.00 Blankets at 1.432.50 Wool-nap Blankets at 1.803.00 All-Wool Blankets at 2.485.00 All-Wool Blankets at 3.987.50 All-Wool Blankets at 5.981.50 Comforts at 982.50 Comforts at 1.983.00 Comforts at 2.504.00 Comforts at 2.98.Will make the wife a grand Christmas piesent.A. F. WHEELER FURNITJJRE CO.' (H-2t)INCREASED BUILDING A'CTIVITYIS INDICATED FOR SPRINGIncreased building activity is indicated for the early spring as a resultof the scarcity of desirable rent prop-A4i4AA4444 ertv in this city. Heal estate dealers''''--'------------ 1 - . . -ors,Wm. Skinner and Sons' Satin, 36-in wide, all colregular jiou quality, during tne vh nil perVliUUChristmas SaleyardNo goods sent on approval or charged during theChristmas Sale.MARRY SIMONPARIS, KENTUCKYNEWS OF SECRET ORDERS.The Golden Rule Degree will beconferred at Impreial Encampment, I.O. O. F.f on three candidates J. H.Batterton, Jan Smitz and RichardStewart to-morrow night. To putare experiencing considerable difficul- jty in securing homes in desirable sec- Jtion of the city lor prospective rent-Jers. jThe real estate market durL: thepast week was firm, although i did jnot embrace any large trans, '.ions, jInvestors are beginning to fin 1 thatofferings will be less numeral. , if a jdisposition is shown to force sa e j, as (only now and then such an opportu-nresents itself. Real estateT. HINTON CO.. XmasasATTENTION, SHOPPERS!this degree on properly, about thirtymember should participate, and it islnitvthe wish of the Chief Patriarch, Geo. I dealers are optimistic and look for anM. Bedford, that every member be active market following the holidays,present. both in the city and in the countyOfficers of A. J. Lovely UniformRank, No. 34, K. of P., were electedat the meeting Wednesday night,follows :Captain B. R. Dickerson.First Lieutenant Wm. M. Dudley.Second Lieutenant D. YRecorder W. O. Kabler.Treasurer Ira Bowen.Rathbone Lodge, No. 12, K. of V.held the best meeting Thursday night,in the history of the order, in thatthey had the largest class of candidates fr the Rank of Page, with oneexception ever held.There "were nearly one hundredmembers and visitors present. Thecandidates who received the Rankwere: Chas. Green, B. F. Skillman, C.M. Medlen, Dora Scott, J. W. Mastin,L. D. Honican, D. T. Boaz, C. O.Thompson, Mora Honican, Geo. McCandles, Richard Stewart, J. W. Mark-land, Wm. Smith, L. E. McKinley, L.G. Misenheitner, Robt. A. Rose, JohnH. Gillen, C. E. McCord, James T. Her-rin.There were 14 applicants for membership, one reinstatement and onetransfer rfiomvprlCHILDREN IN RED CROSS SEAL.While Jlo'mg your Christmas shopping call at my store and you willfinrl some verv nrettv and useful pres-L. Farley. 1 ents t have the largest and mostbeautilul line ot hair goods in CentralKentucky all styles ana prices. 1! manufacture your hair in any style jyou want. Many novelties, etc.too 1I numerous to mention. Best guaran-,teed hair restorer in the world. (I (ll-4t) MRS. M. A. PATON. jDELIVERED WHEN YOU LIKE.GoodiesLet Usfill YourOrder.ChristmasShelled Pecans, 50c the poundraaes, 15c and up per dozenYlk and Fancy Box CandiesFncy Fruits and Nuts of AlIS FOR ICES Or ALLHMDS PROMPTLY FILLED.ADAMIGive something worth while. Anything in our line will make suitablepresents Furniture, Rugs, Electroliers, Pictures, Etc. Delivered whenyou wish.(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTAt Somerset "Rev." A.. J. Delk, anitinerant evangelist, was tried for being a public nuisance, fined $250 andsentenced to fifty days in jail. Thereare others, though, still at large!NOTICE.Paris, Ky., December 5, 1914.Notice to Physicians and Heads ofFamilies:The law requires that all contagiousand infectious diseases e madeknown to the Board of Health asearly as a diagnosis of the diseaseis made. The penalty for failure is$5 for each day thereafter not sp reported. Will it not reasonably occurto the responsible party that almostirreparable results may follow negligence in this matter? Please be governed by the law.A. H. KELLER,President of the Health Board.(Sdec-tf)FOR THE KIDDIES.Doll. Beds, Velocipedes, Doll Buggies,Electroliers. Coasters, Choose now.We deliver when you want.nights.(It) THE J. T. HINTONOpenCO.DEATHSChildren are among the most eagerbuyers and enthusiastic sellers ot RedCross Seals. In scores of other cities,such as Cleveland. St. Louis, Milwaukee, Grand Rapids, Detroit, Providence, Wilmington, Harrisburg, Washington and Seattle, the boys and girlsare helping to fight tubercuolsis withRed Cross. Seals. One nine-year-oldgirl in Duluth last year sold 4,500seels in lour days. A Meriden, Conn.,boy of ten sold 50,000 in three weeks.A Wilmington, Del., girl of twelve sold10.ft&U. Some of the children in Buffalo sold over 1,000 in a week. Theschools of St. Louis sold over 250,000seals, and in other cities they addedlarge sums to the antr'-tuberculosisfund.Everywhere the boys and girls aregoing in the fight against tubercuolsisby selling Red Cross Seals.THE BEST IN EVERYTHING.If you want the purest and best and Jthe most sanitary, we have the goods15-tf) C. P. COOK & CO.WILL SAVE YOU MONEY.Don't fail to read our advertisementon page three of this issue. We willsave you money on groceries. Bringthe cash to our store and get morethan you can elesewhere. Read ourprices.(154t)T.V C. TjENIHAN.tosGryjTHE TIME DRAWS NEAR!Only Eight More Shopping Days ThenCH TR. I S T hJL -AJSWhat Shall Your Holiday Gif t Be?Scan These Suggestions;They MayJMelp You.vfTilti u ' tGifts ForLADIESBracelet Watches,La Valliers,Hand Bags,Toilet Sets,Puff Boxes.Stone Set Chains,Prisian Ivory Novelties,Back Combs,Mesh Bags,Card Cases,Diamond Bar Pins,Diamond Rings,Sterling Novelties,New Party BoxesLingerie Pins.Gold Thimbles,Vanities.Gifts ForMENWatches New ThinModels,Waldemar Vest Chains,Signet and Set Rings,Fountain Pens,Military Brushes,Shaving Sets,Watch Fobs.Safety Razors,Cuff Buttons,Tie Holders, Scarf Pins,Emblem Charms,Sterling Belt Buckles,Traveling Sets,Pipes and Key Chains,Match Boxes,Cigar Lighters.Gifts For MissesBirthstone Rings,Lockets and chains'Bracelets,Maicure SetsSlipper Buckles. .Small Wrist Watches,Hat Pins, Beauty Pins,Silver Vanities,Coin Holders.Gifts For BoysBoys Watched,Signet Rings,Pocket Knives,C'iT; Buttons,Sver Pencils,ir ountain Pens.aimOur stock is unusnally large and is representative cf of zac reliable lines we everto carry. Be sure and inspect our line 0! Platinum Dinner Rings and La Valliers, mountedwitb genuine White Diamonds, in the newest and latent effects.DON'T DMLAY; BUY NOWAnd Avoid the Holiday Rush.Your Purchases Will fie Cheerfully Held Until Christmas.THE HOUSE OF QUALITY FOR JEWELRY,SHIRE & FITHIAINEAST TENNESSEE PHONE 288HOME PHONE 130m9ac9999rrcf9'999'.ViriiIVA.- tr.- 1 -v-V,.THE BOURBON S, PARIS Kt&TUCKYt:DIfcBfrBER 5 . 1914cmess -jl-&Fg&$if)HAS TKC BESTOF ALL LJNETS WADC1111 IClay's Sausage.HOLIDAY BOXES FREE.'q box an purcnases in Deautuui iXmas boxes without extra charge. ;(It) J. W. DAVIS Ac UU. j!SOGALNPERSONALSOME WINTER WEATHERTURKEYS.Give us your order and know thatvcu will have one ready." 15-tf) x C. P. COOK & CO.OUR DAILY SPECIAL. -Pav As Much Attention To YourOwn. "Faults As You Do To The FaultsOf Others.SOLID MAHOGANY GIFTS.Readers of the BourbonNews will confer a favor ifthey will call No. 124, bothphones, and telephone us anyitems of news they may learn,particularly the coming andgoing of visitors. If youhave guests, show them thecourtesy of giving -their namesto our paper.The sun took a peep at Paris andvicinity for a few moments yesterdaysnowing ins- face for the first time ina week. After apparently satisfying !nimseir. mat everything was goingalong all right in this section, Old Solwithdrew from sieht. and. acenrdiner,to the wse men who think they 'knowtoll oVrtll4- t1l?(-t iifniUAH V-I 1A . o.w ouwu.u Lino v earner uusiness lie WillSolid Mahogany Rockers, SewingTables, Dressers, Chiffoniers, Tabourcites make elegant presents. Wehave them.(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.THE NEW CASH SHOESTORE AND NEW STOCK.Don't forget we are at the same oldjtand ,witli an entirely new line ofmen's, women's and children's shoes.(x) GEO. McWILLIAMS.HOME-MADE.Miss Holladay's Home-made Prererves and Pickles at Bruce Holladay's. (decS-eot-T)BOX SUPPER.A hox supper will be given by theLadies' Aid Society of the Mt. CarmelMiss Lillian Dejarnett has returned from a visit to friends in Lexington.Mr. R. B. Hutchcraft cdntinuesvery ill at hi3 home on Houston avenue. Rev. Dr. George Varden has returned from a visit to friends in Lexington. Mr. Wm. Goodloe has returnedfrom a hunting trip in Laurel andJackson counties.Dr. E. H. Foster was called toOwenton, Thursday, by the critical illness of his mother.Mr. Clyde Huffman is able to beout after being confined to his homefor two weeks with the grippe.Miss Martha Ferguson entertained the members Jof the Young Wcunens Bridge Club, vesterdav afternoon.Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Rice have moved to the residence at the corner ofEleventh and High streets, from South jMain street.Mr. R. L. Sparks, of Midway,brother-in-law of Mrs. Emily Parkerand Mrs. Sallie Pullen, of this city,who has been ill for several days, isimproving.Mrs. W. O. Paxton, who has been'aian, on Pleasant street, has returnednot show his shining countananceagain for some time. These days ofgloom and darkness will make us appreciate the sunshine all the morej when it does come back.The first real winter weather of thoseason visited this section on Sundaymorning. Snow bean falling earlyand the early risers were somewhatsurprised to be greeted by a heavysnow when they ventured out. Thei fall of the fleecy stuff continued allthrough the day. The small boystook advantage of the opportunity toindulge in a real old-time snow battleon Main street n the afternoon, andthe merry jingle of sleigh bells tendedj to enliven an otherwise dull day.COLD WEATHER. ,-'Phone your order for BestCoal to Phones 14.tf CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.FOUR SOULS MADE HAPPYOR OTHERWISE.County Judge Chas. A. McMillanperformed the ceremony Saturdayuniting for better or worse onecouple . from Clark county, Mr.Ben B. Bush and Miss Myrtle Irwin,and Mr. Ashton Craycraft and MissClara Bishop, of the Little Rock neighborhood. Both couples secured licensefrom County Clerk Pearce Paton, andJudge McMillan performed the ceremony in his private office.Clay's Sausage.FINE WHISKIES.Place your order early with Ed Slattery for the finest wines and whiskies in Paris. (x)REAL ESTATE DEALS.' Mrs. Wm. Cain, of Paris, purchasedof Mr3. Stella Bridwell, through thereal estate agency of Harris &Speakes, the 1-story frame cottage onWalker avenue, known as the Starkeproperty, for $2,000 cash. The purchaser will reside in the property.Mr. Taylor Blackburn has sold twohouses and lots in Shawhan at a private price, to their original owner, Dr.Geo. L. Rankin, of Paris.FOR HOLIDAY GIFTS.Nothing more suitable for holidaygifts than pictures, frames, Crane'sstationery, novelties Christmas cards,letter seals, boxes, etc. We have abeautiful assortment of the above., (27-tf) PARIS BOOK CO.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.When the newspaper men get theirtrust started it is hoped they will takesome sort of steps to change theworking time from fifteen to twentyhours a day, as we are all a highstrung set, and waste too much moneywhen we have so much idle time onour hands.Mr fJtr AToHnmioll rmrfthneoH rfuest of her sister, Mrs. Mamie Pith-j Mr j. w Bacon aud Miss Clara Ba.con a' four-room house on Lucas street,to Chicago, where her husband, who'iiuroh. at the churchDecember -19invited to attendon Saturdav, j has been connected with the Bush Ter-, ,,. . ,. , , ! . , '. . z ,: " "o.i .i,i occupy the nomeine puuuc is curumuy minai L.:nes, in iew 1 one, nas Deen at,.j at a private price. Mr. McConnell willOUR 53c NECKWEAR."I transferred.Miss MavMr. Alfred Murray, of Carlisle, pur-, chased Wednesday, of Mr. J. O. Ralls,A beautiful range of the newest patterns of holiday neckwear.Ht) J. W. DAVIS & CO.r-eeu una rciuriicu iu ! nr r-i,r ono ., f inn,i ,j her home in Mayslick, after a visit to j McClelland 'road, near MiUersburg, for-i merly owned by Mr. U. S. G. Pepper,j for about $115 per acre. Mr. MurraySTERLING SILVER.Sterling silver novelties, new, novel andnifty, at Shire & Fith-ian's. . xBUYS THIRD McFARLANher sister, Mrs. Albert Hinton,Mr. F. S. Doane, of Detroit, Mich.,is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. Louis Rogers, near Cane Ridge.Mr. and Mrs. H. V. Thompson entertained on Thursday evening at theirattractive home on tJurns avenue, inWinchester, with a charming forty-twoparty. The home had been artistically decorated with holly, in keepingwith the Christmas season,- and theeffect was very pleasing. A deliciousmeat course was served.(Other Personals on Page 8.)will get possession March 1, 1915, andwill move to the farmThe McFarlan Six Sales Company Ihas on display in its show rooms in jLexington, a beautiful McFarlan car,trimmed in green and orange stripes,which is to be delivered to Mr. Geo.Williams Clay, of this city. This isMr. Clav's third McFarlan car.WHY SUFFER WITH RHEUMATISMOPEN NIGHTS.The J. T. Hinton Go'sfurniture store willbe open at night untilafter Christmas. Bejsure and call therej before buying yourI Christmas presents.DOLL GO-CARTS.Why suffer another minute? Van-(FAYETTE JURY DISAGREESishing Rheumatic Powder will cure j IN CASE OF PARIS MAN.you. If your druggist will not sup- (ply you, send us $1.00for a full size ' In the Fayette Circuit Court Fridaybottle. .BAYLESS REMEDY COMPANY,(4-St) Lexington, Ky.A Puzzle!You surely don't want to slight anyone'in your familyjyou want to makethem happy with a Christmas gift, butit takes so much money and you can'taffordit. We can solve the puzzle forCome to theyou.Cincinnati Store'sClosing OutSaleand get your presents for half theprice you would have to pay in theother stores. Give us a call and convince yourself.Suggestions For Christmas, fThis season's holiday line is the most complete andvaried we've ever displayed. Here you'll be sure to findsomething for every one on your Ohristmas list. A fewsuggestions are given to aid you in your Christinas shopping: Perfumes, Mirrors, Stationery, Fountain Pens,Collar Bags, Toilet Sets, Jewel Boxes,Toilet Sets, Auto Stationery, Safety Razors,Manicure Sets, Post Cards, Toilet Waters,Parisian Ivory Goods, Leather Card CasesPipes, Shaving Sets, CigarsRaphael Tuck 4 Sons' and Dennison's Christmas Seals,Cards, Tags, Etc. 'Come in with your friends you'll enjoy your visit.The more choice gifts are selling fast make your seletions to-day reserve them until Christmas week.The Ardery Drug Co.Clarke's Old Stand.OSee our line of Go-Carts, for thedollA. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO. jll-2t)ENGRAVED CALLING CARDS."COLD DAYS."Engraved calling cards make mostacceptable Christmas gifts. Give usj your order now so it can be filled beI fore the rush. We represent the bestI f ii i-1 nAiinfwr on t niforrfhinnr. HI HI HI LI1U LUUIHI, CI 1111 G til J Llllilfc,The "cold day' will hit you, don't guaranteed first-class.watch out." Better see about that gas Iheater to-day, and not let another cold WONDERFUL SELECsnell catch you unprepared. j XION-PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc. j vj A wonderful selec-j in the case of Mr. W. B. Allen, ofi Paris, against T. G. Julian, of LexingI ton, the jury disagreed and were senti back by Judge Frank L. Kerrwith instructions to come back on jI Monday and resume their delibera- Jtions. The testimony in the case was!finished Thursday aftenoon, but wasnot submitted to the jury until Fri' day morning.I Mr. Allen brought suit against Mr.. Julian for $200 damages, and the latterI filed a cross-petition against Mr. AllenI for $300. The suit was the result ot aj,head-on collision between the automobiles of the two litigants.mIfilJiiB. FRIEDMAN, Prop.ii it milt9aoeooyaQiiGifts tha t Mn dureThe very air is now charged with the spirit ofgiving, for Christmas will soon be here.The choice and preferred- gift is the one thatendures, because it suggests the continuity of love,aod friendship. Such gifts you will find at thisstore.Our reputation for absolute honesty and squaredealing; extending over a period of sixty years, protects you in every purchase made here.We will be glad to assist you in making yourseleclions, which we will reserve for you.Come in to-day.MitfkT'jpztf. ) ?!f;i,W'v'$4!1yf,vsvol&-$ $,&S9OitftGSSS30:FOR FATHER.PLACE TO BUY.Give father one of Mitchell & Blakemore's silk house coats or one of thoseBlanket Cloth Bath Robes. (15-2t)' tionof Christmas gift jgooas in jeweiry can ' THe olace R to buv ibe found at Shire fci,.,. v. :Ai sit..- . , iyuui viiias jctv.ii j isi uniciri . a at shire 8c Pithian's. xASSIGNEE'S SALE.The assignee's sale of R. B. Hutchcraft's personal property, which waspostponed on account of the "foot andmouth" scare, will be held Tuesday,December 22, on the Muir farm of Mr.Hutchcraft. A large crowd will be inattendance.i'FOOT AND MOUTH" SCARE OVERCHOICEST OF FRUITS.The recent scare caused by the appearance of the foot-and-mouth disease among a few cattle in this countyhas about subsided and the county ispronounced practically free from themalady.The quarantine has been greatly ;modified so that owners of stock are jnow free to make deliveries of stock 'SIXTY-DAYS DISPENSATION.Better join the Eagles Lodge whileBourbon Aerie has a sixty-day dispensation. You may get in during this! time at the low cost of ?5. Put inyour petition to-day. (15-5t)ELKS' MEETING.ofTTViiitc: rnnrlies. mixed nutskinds, for the holidays, at(8-5t) TOM LONGO'S.PHOTOGRAPHS FOR CHRISTMAS.I will make sittings up to and including Wednesday, Dec. 23, and deliver the work Christmas Eve. Owingto the rush, I have discontinued allcheap work.(15-3t) , X. R. JOHNS.-? DONATIONS SOLICITED.Tlik rQcrnlor moofino rf Paric T .r(pr( tI J rAi..1n Avr -k 4- - lAIIMir nvt1 l O .ciuu luwib lu du pan ul wu.h. aim ; N 373 R p a E wm be held at tneu" tn nam TpncTiiiTc: rrnm nn-A rami rn an- i . .other and to market.Clay's Sausage.A SENSIBLE PRESENT.iIf you want to give a present thatwill be appreciated, buy a guaranteedj carving set, atU5-lt) FORD & CO.lodge rooms ot the order, in the Bour-i bon Bank & Trust Co.'s building, ati Fourth and Main, to-night. After theI transaction of business a social sesi sion will be held, when the membersI will be entertained at a "Duck Supper." A full attendance of the mem-Jbership is asked for, as this promisesto be a most enjoyable affair.INTERURBAN SERVICE DELAYED.The high-tension wire on the Inter-THE MARK OF QUALITY.r .jniwnfr tn rnntribute Cloth-in- etc. to the Bourbon County ' urban sen-ice between Paris and the5.ld leSeSSeSiri MIn- about 4:45 and the traffic ,Vas inter-,al er the visiting nurse, on Seventh j rupted tor several hours. The passen-r.e 1 r .T;;"! frnm 2 until 4gers were compelled to sit shivering.,7 ; : hiving contributions in the cold cars for several hours until Mo clock. Anyo e 'e above i they could be brought to town in autos J ":.dehaLl ? n leave sameiand other conveyances. The cars ! U!i -it- t ,,0Rri,Pr at the home of , stopped in front of Mr. Frank White'swith Miss Louie Bruer, at uiethe Misses Jaynes, on Hign sireeuThe Davis mark on a gift is an evidence of your good taste, and is sureto please.(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.CLAY'S SAUSAGE.Insist upon Clay's sausage15-5tfarm about four miles from Paris.CLAY'S SAUSAGE.15-5t Insist upon Clay's sausage 15-5tDID IT CATCH YOU?. CLAY'S SAUSAGE.Insist upon Clay's sausageDON'T MISS THIS SALE., TT ia nf Ford & s Did the cold snap catch you unpre-Don't miss the sled sle atah j pared? If so, you had better get busyCos.?4 Flexible Flyers at ?-ner v Qne mQre Qf Qursleds reduced as low at -oc. v.x j j erg instaJlea Defore tile next coid waveconies along.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.NEVER MIND THEWEATHER SO THEWIND DON'T BLOW"AUTO BURNED.Gus Bishop, a well-known businessmail of Georgetown, lost his new Reocar by fire while driving from Paris toLexington, Wednesday night WhenM-?r tho w.vfitto line one or the;r,)P f !, nrrr wpnt out. and whileJIM ALLEN SAYS:"A Paris firm advertises mahoganysaudwich baskets. Now, who put thehog in the sandwich baskets?" Cyn-iii, h lamn the escap-! thiana Democrat,stopped to relight te .lamp, ess m iy, the sand-wich did, ofnig gas set fire to tne cai, wmui oaThe remains ol tue uw,ucTnirorlwere hauled to Lexington. The losswas partially covered by insurance.course,Jim!.5 2e Vxctor-Victrola X. $7S4 ePThis is aVicter-Victrola X, $7SrfpfflA'P H.iWhy not put a Victpr-Victrola' in your home this Christmas?The musical instrument that every one!: can play; that every one can afford.k Its remarkable variety of music and entertain-1ment gives pleasure to everyone, and its won-1; clerful tone is a delight every day in the yearfa You surely don't want to be without a Victor-Victrola in your home; and you don't need tobe for there's a Victor-Victrola to suit every V; m purse $i5,$25,4o,$5o,$75,$ioo,$iqo,2oo.f$ Come in today and hear this wonderful instrument-- and hnd out about our easy terms,?'VTHE NEW CASH SHOE STORE.fire, wind and lightning In-suTtSnccthomas,Woodford & BryanJust received a new line of -Nettletonshoes in all leathers, tan, ? vici andchrome calf. Newest uk English lastsnew shoes, new styles.(x) -..-' GEO. McWILLIAMS. rfPhotographs taken by artificiallight, rain or shine.Only a few days left and a big rushon hand. First come, first served...I work day and night. Forget thetelephone positively no calls answered.A. R. JOHNS4f-T-'Daughertq Bro.Ptf th and Main Sts.ftTtJattiv.-Artistic Photographer.I ' Amm-fr"E$kfA'r-'. - sVr?.i&a"' TSrf '.-., t.--w7,r",-'"s 'THE BOURBON NEWS; 'MlSOPIBISJ"kK1 -EDW. BURKE,President.1 Tobacco3TEj2TTuesday, Dec,Second househandled the pastX Lowest sellingX tucky.We solicit your patronage and guarantee courteoustreatment and prompt service.NOTICE,35r. W. C. Wilkerson, formerly ofLittle Rock, has opened an office intlie Deposit and Peoples Bank Building, on Main Street, for the practiceof his profession.Dr Wilkerson has heen a practicingphysician in Bourhon county for thepast twenty-eight years.W. C. WILKERSON,Home Phone, 3G9; Cumb.' Phone, 741.fldec-tf) Paris, Ky.FOR SALE.Handsome Antique, Solid Mahogany Wardrobe, claw feet. Photo ofjsame will be furnished on application.THE BOURBON NEWS,tf) Paris, Ky.A ModelBarber Shop4--CHAIRS-4Expert and polite Barbers.All the latest requirements and sanitary equipments that it takes to makea, -modern shop. Newly papered and jpainted, not anu com uauis.Outting of children's hair a specialty. No long waits at our shop. Youinvited to call.RUSS CORBIN,Opposite Fordham Hotel.(17-lmo)ATBITIM-PEOPLE!Do You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit Jewelllas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.v. . Try Us.I SPIGER8GILCIISTELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101-f-H. S. CAYWOOD,Vice-President.The BourbonWarehouse Co.Paris, Ky.ANNOUNCE THEIRFORTODAYin Kentucky in amount of businessseason.fees of any houseWinter TouristRatesRound trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily from Oct. 1st, 1914, toApril 30, 1915, to all principal touristpoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico,Texas and Havana, Cuba, with finalreturn limit May 31, 1915, with verylibeval stop-over privileges. Also lowround-trip Home-Seekers tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, Louisianaand Mississippi, on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month, with finalreturn limit vfteen days from date ofsale. For further information, call onor address,J. K. SMITH, T. A.,u. or4 W. H. HARRIS, Agt.PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.LVe. Court House.7:10 a m7.45 a m8.15 a mS.45 a m9.15 a m9.45 a m10.15 a m10.45 a m11.15 a ni11.45 a m12:05 p m12.45 p m1.15 p m1.45 p m2.15 p m2.45 p m3.15 p m3.45 p m4.15 p m5.15 p m5.40 p m6.05 p m6.30 p m'City Limits Only.Lve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m'5.30 p m5.50 p in6.15 p m6.40 p mKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.'Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a mLeave Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9T0 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p mt 5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m7:20 a m8:00 a mS:50 am10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:Q0 p m '7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p mDaily except Sunday10:05 p roVJNO. T. COLLINS,Manager."D"lJ.15thin CentralKen-PROMPT ACTION WILLSTOP YOUR COUGH.When you first catch a Cold (oftenindicated by a sneeze or com;'. Lireakit up at once. The idea thai doesnot matter" often leads U iouscomplications. The remea hichimmediately and easily penel thelining of the throat is the demanded. Dr. King's New D.jverysoothes the irritation, loosens thephlem. You feel better at once. "Itseemed to reach the very spot of myCough" is one of the many honest testimonials. 50c at your Druggist. "(adv-dec)There was a time when a womanwanted the last word. But nowadaysmost of the women don't know thatthere is such a thing at the last word.NeuralgiaThere is no need to suffer theannoying, excruciating pain ofneuralgia; Sloan's Liniment laidon gently will soothe the achinghead like magic. Don't delay.Try it at once.Hear WH&t Others Say"I have been a sufferer with Neuralgiafor e veral ears and have tried differentLiniments, but Sloan's Liniment is theE best Liniment lor Neuralgia on earth.j. nave mm it successiuuj , n, naa neverfailed." F. II. Williams, AuguUa, Ark.Mrs. Ruth C. Claypool, Independence,Mo., writes: l'A friend of ours told usabout your Liniment. We ha e been usingit for 13 ears and think there is nothinglike it. We use it on everything, sores,cuts, burns, bruises, sore throat, headachesand on everything else. We can't getalong without it. We thick it is the bestLiniment made."SLOANSLINIMENTis the best remedy for rheumatism,backache, eore throat and sprains.v At all dealers, 25cSend four cents in stamps for aTRIAL BOTTLEDr. Earl S. Sloan, Inc.Dept. B. Philadelphia, Pa.-iif . .r." W"1iK.?(W aaHV MmSEESTAGSTRUGGLE FORPOLISH CAPITALNewspaper CorrespondentThick of Great Battle inthe East.inHAD CITY IN THEIR GRASPGermans Had Only to Walk in andTake It, But Overnight Delay CostThem Victory Vivid Pictureof Bloody Conflict.By FRANCIS M'CULLAGH.Correspondent Chicago Daily News.Petrograd, Russia. The German advance on Warsaw was achieved as aresult of that most difficult operationknown as a change of front, performedwith marvelous speed and efficiency.The transfer of one-fourth of the German army from Belgium to Polandwas the least of the difficulties thatwere overcome. Far greater was theestablishment of etrapes (shelters)and lines of communication in hostileterritory. The Germans not only overcame these difficulties, but conceiveda masterly plan of attacking Warsaw and very nearly carried it to success. Grand Duke Nicholas expected aGerman advance from East Prussiaeastward on Grodno or southward onWarsaw and had prepared for thesemovements with General Rennenkampff's army west of Grodno and another army at Kevno. Warsaw wasdefended on the north by the fortress of Novogeorgeievsk and a powerful army.Attack Comes Through Swamps.The grand duke did not expect anattack from the south, where thereare swamps, the worst wagon roadsin Europe and few railways. But itwas from the south that General vonMorgen came.In all there were four Germangroups. One, from Thorn, bombard-ed Plotsk, but retreated, this beingonly a demonstration. Two groups advanced from Kalisz and Chenstokhovand. uniting at Skiernevitzy, movedon Warsaw with blinding rapidity. Thefourth group, from Cracow, attackedRadom and then Ivangorod, where theobject was to cross the Vistula, thusoutflanking the Russian army at Warsaw and compelling .its retreat.The whole Austro-German battlefront was 4G2 miles in length, extending from the Baltic to the Carpathians and therefore the battle of theVistula in the middle of October wasin some respects the greatest everfought. I confine myself to a description of what I saw with my own eyes.Had Only to Walk In.Warsaw was absolutely lost on theevening of October 11. The Germanshad only to walk in and take it. Butthey delayed, probably waiting forthe fourth German force to cross atIvangorod.Xext day the Russians had moretroops, and within a week they hadten corps, or 400,000 men, south ofWarsaw, and as General von Morgen's force was threatened from bothflanks, he fell back October 20, withamazing skill and rapidity.I was able to see all the fighting onthe extreme front because of myfriendship with Russian officers formedduring the Manchurian war. From thestation of Prushkov, six miles southof Warsaw, I traveled the whole Russian line. The Germans were drivenfrom Prushkov a few hours before myvisit, but fighting continued on theoutskirts.Great Trees Hurled Aloft.I crossed the fields to Sokoloff amida frightful bombardment. I saw onebig German shell aligh4- -nder thegnarled roots of an r us tree.When the smoke cle .vay thistree was lodged in the ranches ofsome other trees cl d. It hadbeen torn up by tL jots and shotupward hundreds of lcet with terrificvelocity.The curious effect of these monstrous shells passing close to one'shead is that they produce nervous collapse, deafness, numbness and frequent insanity. I personally helped tothe rear a dozen soldiers thus afflicted. More dreadful sights I neversaw. Now there are two hospitals inPetrograd and Moscow for such soldiers with more than one thousand patients in each.This frightful bombardment droveme into the cellar of a factory, whereI found two men and several women and children, who had been therethree days, not daring to emerge evento get a drink of water from thepump only a few yards from the opening of the cellar. They told me thatthe bombardment had continued dayand night, .and in proof of their wisdom in not venturing out they pointedto the bodies of three men and a childlying in the factory yard.Germans in SoHd Mass.When darkness fell I bolted outagain and soon took refuge again inthe house of a Polish gentleman, whoinvited me to sleep in his house forthe night. I slept on a sofa, but inthe small hours of the morning I wasawakened by a shell which shook'every window frame in the house. Myhost and his family soon appeared saying that the servants had all fled. 1decided to depart also, but was pre-' . ctskj. .?' ' . ' V. &.&-New SubscribersRECENTLY INSTALLED BYParis HomeTelegraph2010-2 Arderj', Ben B. residence.37 Blount, Mrs. A. R., residence..160 Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse.306 Burgin, Mrs. E. C, residence..202 Busy Bee Cash Store.390 Carr, Robert R., residence.366 Caywood, Miss Jane .residence.178 Chandler, Taylor, residence..355 Collier, Peale, residence.5 Eagles Club Room.2003-4 Edwards, O., Shackleford Bldg.257 Ellett, James, residence..197 Ellison, H., residence.35 Ewalt, Sam, residence.287 Friedman, B., store.408 Gilchrist, J. E.,' residence.323 Horine, H. N., residence.480 Hughes, W. R., residence.500 Lancaster, U. F., residence.278 Lykens, G. W., residence.402 Mast, E. L., residence.453 Merrimee, Mrs. W. T., residence.343 Meyers, E. B., residence.469 Monson, Charles, stored sCbe Paris Rome telephone and CeU graph Co(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.Stock Reducing Sale!The unseasonable weather has placed us in aposition where we must sacrifice goods REGARDLESS OF COST, A few of the many bargains instore for you:$2,000 Suits and Overcoats $13.981 9.00 Suits and Overcoats 11 .981 5.00 Suits and Overcoats 9.98io and $12.50 Suits and Overcoats $8.98Every garment in the house reduced at suchlow prices you cannot help buying,SALE IS NOW ON !TATiXl.Clothing and Shoe Department.L. WOLLSTEIN, Prop.'r'an of wa -v aKmrTrntajmmmV- -KINDLYTwin Bios. Dr ,Seventh anWINT'TQURIliSPECIAL ROUNDCUBAAND TO ALL OTHER RESORTS OF THE SOUTH.TICKETS ON SALE DAILY. LIBERAL RETURN LIMIT.FAVORABLE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.EQUIPMENT, SERVICE AND SCENERY UNSURPASSED. C2C1- ;.C"3-IMPERFECT IN ORIGINALKV - J.X. ,zTelephone &Company.' 121 Moore & Nutter, office.432 Moore, C. G., residence.2049-2 Neal, L. C, residence.3030-1 Parks, Ira & Son, garage.330-2 Parks, Ira & Son, residence.153 Reese, R., residence..266 Sauer, Wm., residence.69 Simms, Mrs. W. E., residence.199 Walsh, R. P. Residence. '96 Wilmonth, Mrs. S. M., residence.369-1 Wilkerson, Dr. W. C, office.394 Woodall, H. N., residence.2013 Wright, Clarence J., resident477 Wright, Mrs. Cynthia, resident18 Y. M. C. A., office.MILLERSBURG EXCHANGE.24 Ardery, W. E. residence..136-3 Hill, A. T., residence.62 Jones, Charles, residence.NORTH MIDDLETOWN EXCHAX'IH15 Judv, B. F.. store.16 McDaniel, John C, residence4 Rash, Bert, residence.BrosFallAnnouncement All the LatestFall Styles inDress Goods,Dry Goods,milliner" OcWe Can sease You' Ba Jn Prices.CALL A Iajn Sts., Paris, Kyi!inv.3 ifrn Q1S&&TRIP FARES TO- NEW ORLEANSuFor Particulars Apply to AnyTicket Agent or AddrsssKING, Pass'r ana Ticket Agssi-East Pairi St., LczinSthn, Ky.WW-' s-Sfftfyk iht--'- -g-'-SW-Sillfll mtV 1 1 IPiiVlAt V "S-p- "!&?tr , ;.v..KS? itj .,..- "V tr .tfJ1-rv1 ' ".r wttiac,1!"'&:yr-J. -t".X- I rf ' K.J , . .- , -f 71f-v?.-!, --V..CVru 'w ,a . -V" SCI iSJI-. --' -- . . "" jrrWit.. ' vW " L. ri -..--V1,v jA si sf.J. J.-." -A..- . ,.wjj:4jt,.-r VLre"v-.Aft; ',J, "?C. -1 . r ' s.THE B.OURBON NEWS 1rIS, ' l&foM. DECEMBER IS, 14t.s f. 'JL- -VY- V -,'i6ci:p'&mBB?nSNAT GOODWIN AS LOVER.oted Comedian Tells InterestingStory of Experience WhilePlaying Here.Wit Goodwin's much talked of bookV;n amusing reference to an ex,0o in Paris. For the last yearo the author has allowed bits of jleak out and be quoted, in tnei spapers.vn excerpt from the New York Sunthe following account of Good,lt, Paris experience:v Ions:, long time ago, while I was-jig in Paris (Kentucky) a partyt ladies and gentlemen came downnim Mt. Sterling to witness our per-n lance, thinking they could leaveiS and get to Lexington the same, ciing. Unfortunately, the railroadI changed its schedule and thereas no train out until the followingrmng. M private car was waitingr me and I had taken the precaution.i rarter an engine to take me backLexington after the performance.' .en I arrived at the station I foundi e party very much disturbed at theipect" of having to remain in Pariscr night.I sent my secretary to them and he'aced my car at their disposal. Heid them that there was a nice sup-.pr prepared and that they were wel-,f,ne to whatever the diet could fur-'sh. I would remain in my itate-.oni and not interfere with theirt rt They accepted the invitation,a insisted that I join their pai ty,.iich consisted of three men andiree women."One young lady in particular attracted my attention with her radiantat. She was a magnificent creaUre, blonde and erect, possessing thecmplexion given only to those livingi ,. the Bluegrass country. During theourney I had little time to talk withLer, as one of the other young ladies,v'io came from Boston, usurped allI y time discussing the drama andfiicr topics equally uninteresting to"After leaving Paris I correspondedtli her for some little time. Fin; 'ly I heard that hei parents were ob-j-ctingand I told her that we mustdccontinue our correspondence. Shei fused to act upon my advice and ins ted upon communicating with mer -ce or twice a wee.. I answered herIt ter3, with the result that we became. gaged. But my friend Fate againenie upon the scene and exercisedii 5 authority.1 left 'The Rivals' tour with a heavyii art, for several reasons. I hadhonied a contract for a sixteen weeks'iOc.r in Australia. I.lany wonderedwny. I sent out the rumor that it wasto see the country and to further myartistic desires."The real reason? I was runningaway from a woman.-lL TERRY TELLS US SOMETHINGS ABOUT "MEXICO.""Ir. T. Philip Terry, the author of-rry's Mexico," has just returnedx-"m a trip through Mexico, where hefo.nd conditions almost as chaotic asthey are in Europe. Trade is dead,-a. I way, postal and highway communicc;ons are interrupted; the vanishedsilver coins have been replaced byfreely counterfeit paper money issuedb several of the warring factions andpurchasable at 5 pesos for one Americezl dollar; and a fatalistic hopelessness and apathy have taken possessionol the people. A settlement of thediSculty seems very remote. It is believed that the selfiisli personal aimsoi the incompetent rebel chiefs, andthe looting proclivities of their followers, will prolong the struggle until some string pressure is brought tobear from w ithout.Mr. Terry, who is a native of Paris,(Ky.), and who has strong convictionson the subject of Kentucky hospitality,just now is not so sufe of his groundin this respect. At Nogale3, Ariozna, afrontier town astride the Mexicanline, he lodged with some friends who,vhen the time came to leave, insistedupon taking him to the train in theirmotor car. Before this train wasreached they had traveled over 97m.les of the wronderland whichstretches through the canons andacross the splendid Arizona mesas toTucson a veritable painted desert replete with charm and possessed ofrflojntain and valley views perhapsJ-surpassed anywhere. His friendsdiO not get back to their home untilone o'clock in the morning, and Mr.Tprry is still wondering if this is notsomething of a record in the art oftor ' ading the parting guest.SOME HOPEFUL.The Boob is the greatest optimist Jlow of," remarked the Wise Guy."That's right," agreed the Grouch.iy, he even hunts for the pork inin of pork and benas.-"hen some other man's wife doesan. tiling, a man will say: "How wo-1Tilly!" And when his own wifeanything he will say: "That's.ik: like a woman!" And there's an-"w..il difference between the twroti-nients.CHRISTMASDO NT'SDon't put off your shopping.ntil the last minute DO ITNOW.Don't waste time in buyinghaphazard.Don't let impulse lead youu choose inferior articles ort-o pay high prices.Shop early early in themorning, if possible, and planyour Christmas lists in ad-ance.Sit down with t lie BourbonNews in your hand, run yourye over the advertising pagesand make your plans accordingly. The advertising willnot. only only give you manysplendid suggestions, but it"vili also post you as to the4best place to buy among theNews' adrertisers "the 'homeHORSE ENJOYS COMBATSTEED AS EAGER FOR BATTLE AS.IS HIS RIDER.Also Knotfrs the Call of the Bugle, inMany Cases Better Than the SoldierWho Is Supposed to GuideHim Into Action.It will probably surprise the public,said a retired colonel of hussars, tolearn that a cavalry horse usually enjoys a battle at least as much as hisrider, and displays as much couragein it. He will chafe and stamp withimpatience while waiting for the orderto charge, and t the signal will dashforward like a greyhound releasedfrom the leasn, full of fire and fury,and often neighing mildly. At the moment of contact with the enemy hewill rear, striking and biting savagely at the opposing horses and trampling down the infantry.When his rider falls he will dashalong with his fellows and crash asgallantly into the foe- In the famouscharge of the Light Brigade scores ofriderless horses swept down the "valley of death," thundering through thesmoke onto the Russian guns, and galloped back to safety with the shattered remnant of the brigade. Fivehorses raced neck and neck withLord Alfred Paget, who, rode in advance of the line, so eager were theyto srp.fr. at. thp PTiAmvfAnd not only is the well-trained !charger as brave as his rider; he isoften as intelligent. He knows thebugle calls Just as well and answprsthem as DromDtlv. In fart, mrpk atp Iproved in which a horse has put hisrider right when he has misfrakpn norder, and has gone faultlessly through Imaneuvers in spite of the efforts ofhis mistaken master to make him dothe wrong thing.No, the process of training is neitherlong nor difficult. The first step is toaccustom the horse to the sound offiring at close quarters. With this object he is put on the ground with legstied, and while in this position, a pistol is fired close to his ears, over hisback, between his legs, and so on, until his fear is overcome. After a fewsuch lessons it is safe to mount himwith a bridle furnished with a curbbit, and under this control he is taughtto stand still while a pistol or carbineis fired from his back the latter naturally coming last, as both hands arerequired in using this weapon.Then follows saber practice on similar lines, until the horse is as indifferent to the whirl and slash of asword above his head as to the explosion of a carbine above it. Within afew weeks the horse not only loses alltraces of nervousness; he really enjoys the experience and enters enthusiastically into it In battle the cavalryhorse faces even a greater risk ofdeath or disablement than his rider,although the gallant animal rarely getsany of the laurels of war. His danger, however, is by no means so greatas it was.In the eighteenth century 150horses fell in battle to every 100 men;from 1800 to 1865 the proportion hadfallen to 120; and in more 'recentwars the ratio has been approximately 112 horses to 1Q0 men. In somecharges, however, the proportion hasbeen greater, as in that of the LightBrigade, in which 80 more horsesthan men sacrificed their lives.But while the "war horse seldom getscredit for his prowess and devotion,there have been, happily, a few casesin which he has shared his master'sglories among them Lord Roberts'pretty little Arab, Volonel, who carried him in the famous march fromKabul to Kandahar, and 'round whoseneck, at Queen Victoria's expresswish, he hung the Kabul medal, withfour clasps.The Sleeper."European sleeping cars' are verydear $20 a berth, in fact but theyafford you the privacy of a bedroom."The speaker was the well-knowncomedian, Raymond Hitchcock. Heresumed:"Our sleeping cars, while comfortable enough, afford no privacy. Comfortable as they are, it is very hardto sleep in them."I was traveling one night Chicagoward. The berth above me was occupied by a 300-pound broker. It wasImpossible to slumber anywhere within a half-mile radius of that broker,and at about two in the morning Iclimbed up to him, took him by theshoulders, and shook him rudely.'"What do you mean,' he growled,'by waking me out of a sound sleep?'" 'But it's such an ugly sound,' saidI. 'It's such an ugly, horrible soundthat we other passengers positivelyrefuse to tolerate it.' "Turtle Two Centuries Old.A huge turtle, weighing 1,175pounds, was brought to .San Diego,Cal., the other day by Capt. J. Zollezziof the Italian fishing launch Belvidere.The turtle, said by waterfront mento be the largest specimen ever caughtin Lower California waters, is ninefeet in circumference and seven, feetfrom the tip of its nose to the end ofits short tail. The front flippers arefour feet in length and almost a footwide, 'tapering gradually until at theend they are about five inches wide.The jaws are a solid mass of teeth,over two hundred being located inthe upper jaw. They range from onehalf to a quarter of an inch Jn length.The shsll is ribbed and in spots pliable, wUch leads many .fishermen toSAVED BY AN INSPIRATION- tPresence of Mind of French SoldierSaved His Life When SituationSeemed Hopeless.In Napoleon's campaign in Russiaone of his generals, Philippe de Segur, Ihad a peculiar adventure with a band iof Kalmucks. The Kalmucks are wan-jdering tribes of southeastern Russia.iney are herce warriors, and theirlight cavalry forms an important partof Russian armies. De Segur's presence of mind saved him from beingkilled by them when the most desperate fighting could not have done so.The French had attacked a body ofRussians and put them to flight; whenSegur suddenly discovered that he anda few French dragoons had becomeseparated from the French army andwere being carried away with the retreating party.He and his men were surrounded bya band of Kalmucks. The situationseemed so hopeless that the men gavethemselves up and, disregarding hisorders, passively allowed themse'resto be struck down. De Segur determined to sell his life dearly and confuted to fight. A Kalmuck lance struckhim from his horse. He jumped tohis feet and, getting behind his horse,continued the struggle. It was a hopeless contest, however, and in a fewmoments he would have been killedhad not a happy thought occurred tohim.The Kalmuck leader, a fine-lookingI Cossack, remained calm while his menwcre carried aaY witfl the fury ofbattle. The expression on his haughtyj countenance indicated that he scornedto murder a vanquished foe, and fromme totime he called, "Nikale!Nikale!"De Se6ur guessed that this was anorder to cease nSntin- He shouted im-ijeriousiy to e aimucKs mat sur-rounaea mm, "iNiKaiei 'Immediately the fury died out oftheir faces and they paused, motionless with astonishment. Their furyonce checked, Segur's life was savedby their chief.He learned afterward that the wordmeant "Do not strike," and that whilethe impetuous Kalmucks had notheeded the command of their chief,they were puzzled and disturbed athearing this word from one whom theysupposed to be an enemy.De Segur was kept a prisoner untila peace between France and Russiawas arranged some months later.Aerial Scouts.During the present war, the aeroplane has proved very useful in scouting; indeed, the heavier-than-air ma-! chine is generally admitted to be superior to the airship for spying outthe position of the enemy. The aeroplane is less conspicuous; it is faster;It makes a smaller target; it costs almost nothing to make in comparisonjwith a dirigible balloon, and it canfly at a higher altitude. Sir JohnFrench pays a high tribute to the aero-! plane scouts in one of his interestingreports on the campaign in France."One of the features of the campaignon our side has been the success ofthe Royal Flying corps. In regard tothe collection of information, it is impossible to award too much praise toour aviators for the way they havecarried out their duties, or to overestimate the value of the intelligencecollected, more especially during therecent advances." For the 20 daysthat ended on September 10, the Engglish aviators averaged nine reconnoissances a day of over a hundredmiles each. Youth's Companion.Coyote Invades a Home.Coyotes have been committing manydepredations' in Creok county, according to a letter from Mrs. FannieMorss, of Post. One night the familyof J. R. Knox was awakened by anunusual noise upstairs. Mrs. Knoxwent into ttie yard and could see acoyote tearing and biting at the window of the upstairs room in an effortto get out. Mr. Knox shot the animal. An investigation showed that it hadgot into the house through a bedroomwindow downstairs, the tracks beingplain on the bed that it had climbedover. The animal went through several rooms before going upstairs.Mrs. Morss says that there havebeen many reports of rabid coyotes inthat section, and that few go out afternight without being well armed. Cotlage Grove (Oreg.) Dispatch to thePortland Oregonian.The Gallant Gordons.Rising", roaring1, rushing' like the tide,Gay goes the Gordon to a fightsings the poet of the Gordon Highlanders, who have suffered severely inthe fighting in France. To the creditof the regiment stand the capture ofthe Dargai heights, in the Tirah campaign of 1897, and the rush throughthe sheet of lead which helped tosweep the Boers off the ridge of Elandslaagte in 1899. In the desperate 26hour struggle on Waggon Hill the following January when the fate of Ladysmith hung in the balance, the Gordons had their full share of the fighting under the stalwart Miller-Walnutt,"a man cast in the mold of a Berserk viking," says Sir. A. Conan Doyle.Another Waggon Hill on a small scalethere was toward the end of the war,when at Reitz they put up a magnificent and successful- defense underterrible punishment against 500 Boers.Modern Education. -"How is your lttle hoy doing atschool?" ,"He getsa good mark in, the tooth-' brush drill and stands first- in tkDON'TE. M. WHEELERSBig Ten Days Sale ofF"URlSnETTTR,EiCARPETS, RUGS,Everything markedadvantage of this sale and buy Christmas Presents now and:have them laid aside.SOLID COMFORTis suggested by the mere appearanceof one of our Fancy Easy ChairsThey are specially built to aitor.d restful ease to the tired. They are artistic and uell made, and are offered atfair prices. We have a lull line ofnew and handsome Household Furniture, embracing everything trom Carpets to Bedsteads, and we uelcome allwho desire to inspect our stock.When may we expet a call from you?THE NEWLY WEDDED PAIR.seeking articles of Furniture of comfort and beauty for the new home willfind this a choice and safe place tobuy choice because it affords suchwide selection, safe because everything ior any -part of the house issubstantially constructed, honestlypriced.EL M. WHEELEIlTHE EDISON HABIT OF WORKThe volumes of laboratory notebooks and suggestions compiled byMr. Edison are a library in themselvesand yet his memory of past -experimentsremains keen. In his laboratory amid alcove j of books and myriads of diplomas and honors bestowedupon him from almost every countryin the world, Edison keeps right on atwork as he did in the early days, insisting that he has only vbegun toknow things now, and he is determined to give to the world the best fruitsof his accumulated knowledge in stillgreater measure.He continues to take his tour to six:hours sleep daily, and insists that heis not living for the past, out ior to-rinv and to-niorrow. Keenly lnterest -ed in every phase of art and life, he isalso keeping in touch through astron-nmvwith new things in tne btuea.He is, nevertheless, full of that irrepressible American humor, ready for anm,i0 ni. tiaw storv. and buoyant boyish ways relaxing so that everyone jassociated with him nas only words,.? fnr thP. "old man" whoseconsideration, patience, kindness andmatchless genius is a marvel to thosenear to him, as well as to those towhom he is only known by fame andworks. It does not require long personal acquaintance to obtain the fullmeasure of Thomas Edison s worth."Thomas A. Edison and His iriumphs," Joe Mitchell Chappie, mNational Magazine for December.PAW KNOWS EVERYTHING.Willie Paw, how do you describe atalk given by one man?Paw That is a monologue, mySWHlie And what is a talking actbetween two men?Paw A dialogue, my son.v Willie And what is a talking actbetween two women? vrr a natnlocrue. my son.Maw Willie, you go down in thecellar and stay there"DO YOUR BUYtiMva c"'-'AND AVOID BlGt CROWDS.Remember the crowds ; thatthronged the stores last Christma wfiSn.ou vweret buyingyour vpreaents. -Avoid, theseyourvV cruwuo- wn,-j --j. .FAIL TO SHOP ATlow for cash untilHOME, SWEET HOMEis maae sun more sweet ana inviungwhen cosily and comfortably furnished from our complete House Furnishing Establishment. Here you notonly get the best and most durablequalities, but the very latest stylesin fashionable Furniture. You havea large variety to select from, and theprices are so low that they tempt youto do the choosing and ordering rightaway.IT'S WITHIN YOUR REACH.Dainty, yet well-made Furniture isnot only for those with fat pocketbooks. Any one possessed of tasteand a small amount of money can furnish a house well. Come in and seewhatA Little Moneycan buy here. Just as good bargainsin carpets and rugs as in furniture.Eighth and Main, Paris,FARMERS' WEEK POULTRYEXHIBIT DECLARED OFF.Owing to the prevalence of the footand mouth diesase in cattle in different parts of the State and in compliance with the orders of the State andFederal Governments to stamp it out,the big Poultry Show scheduled forFarmers' Week at the Kentucky Experiment Station, Tuesday, January 5,1915, has been declared off.That official notice was sent out andis as follows:Lexington, Ky Dec. f, 1914."Because of the wide-spread pervalence of the foot and mouth disease inKentucky and in States which adjoinKentucky it is deemed wise by theState Poultry Show to declare it offfor this year."Order number 15, issued by theKentucky Live Stock Sanitary Boardreads as follows:"'The Federal Government and theare availing thenieslves of every possible means of confining this diseasein Kentucky to local outbreaks. Tothis end the public "markets have beenclosed until further notice. It isdeemed inadvisable to have poultryshows, pet stock shows or, animalshows of any nature while this disease is so prevalent. ,"'It is, therefore, ordered that . all ,poultry shows, pet stock "showj3 andanimal shows of -every description be jabandoned until such time as this dis-ease is eradicated from-our State.The big poultry meeting will' stilloe nem on ;ruesaay oi warmers vveeK,;January 5, 1915. Every farmer is in-;vited to come to this meeting. ' The 'nrlrlrtvcQOB will Vio rnorlo hv nrnnHpnl Jpoultrymen and poultrywomen ofgreat experience."J. J. HOPPER, Secretary.'RED CROSS SEALS.The Red Cross Christmas Seals are'being sold in Paris by the Bourbon Innnntr WooUV, on Wolforo T.oom.0 'and may be found at each drug storein town, Shire & Fithian's, and theParis Rnok Stnro Th TrrvAPrts frnmtheir sale will be used in BOURBONCOUNTY, for the prevention and cureof tuberculosis.A, bride won't believe it But thepaly, way she can marry both a lover !and-a' provider is to commit bigamy.i.- U .- ? -I - . .r ......... rl T-n aa ft t f Aiiovr wnn'is yiisiisi ni - v m.wSTOVESChristmas. Take'TURN THE STRONGEST LIGHT ,ron our Fruniture and every piece willstand the test, because they are weland thoroughly made and will standThe Closest Investigationfrom the most critical. We do notcarry shoddy stuff; we value our rep-utation too much what we sell youmay be depended upon for qualityand wear. .LET US SHOW YOU "through our stock rooms and you willagree with us that you never saw alner collection of Household Furniture .anywhere in this vicinity. We wouldlike to have you call and examine owstock thoroughly. It will stand theclosets scrutiny for beauty, strengthand artistic effects. Such high quality Furniture is seldom offered atsuch low prices.Ky.tLUKE McLUKE SAYS.P.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)A woman will send flowers to-'aJman who has murdered his wife.!But she believes that any man whosis the father of twelve children isftooornery to live.What has become of the old-fashionedfarmer who had a 4,000 barn and rlived in a $400 house?Once in a while Mother decides tolet Father down easy when he comeshome after spending the evening posing in front of members of the Bartenders' Union, and she will make pher mind to forget that she has eithereyes or ears. After Father gets honeMother gets mad "because she cant forget that she has a nose.Any man who has failed can tell youthat success is all a matter of luck-Ji!iiiniiiiiiiriiiiniiHitiiinrrninrniTTrTni'ninefiiiinifiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiai , jicrc is me uiswen mi i,I WEBSTElfcV5MT-"I7New InternationalI The Memmm WebsterEvery day in your talk aiul rending, at sand school you likely oucstion the mean- suuuivi uu nn.outi-n.ai, iu UIU UlilUC, Strap zjng of some m ord. A friend asks:1 theioo'f'SiS'thJS 1pinKnn sf ..... Yll. .! Stm .!.... rg This New Creation answers all kinds of-"-- jttjmiMtt. IlliUk wnuc .UI.I f?SbftoroSSffi?5SS5 1iisiory.uTrades,sciences, Ana aa!.m 400,000 Wards.s 00SJ,J"!lo,,UiwvU2700Pass.The only dictionary withthe new dividedpaoe, char-acterized as "A Stroke ofGenius."PaaarEaittMcs On thin, opaque, strong,India DnDcr. What a s.ilis.s faction to own the Mmrriam.E l!SAJS1.a!L1LH Sffi K,ViIiV:ii f -t-" i,s weight of Regular Edition.s " ttftiaii:9n?onsJfclper. WfcI 1454 lbe. SLteW&xtfixs eincnes.m Wtitoftrg atama,ie.PrA I V ,flJL ITJlllI 'V BR K." U llllOW S. , -r-uZHMaiaVl-'rjem w 1 c r ' -j.mH AjH niAjaaHi Wmll (lllliliMMn v.. -.ff-BrtlIIHIMflTMW . s S-BaaBBBakillllL'niMB-" " -.hLUMKlll fci Hirmtn aBB0!2WalBm J A1 awau aaaWaaaaVKBlwVI MMMi BlBHal 5a? m -aHnafaBaVaH-aBaKm- KaBaaaflaiaBW 'f ayahajllallaMBBlHLB1 IWaMaaaaaaW 1?-X"K"jV,"nAlKs-,"v-"folks."' vMA.it.z. --.i j-- -iv"'!. Dnnnmnr .ranwr ' , . -. - - .. ouiu vr. axavr tt ttuv aai uauhu rm7XHg .ft-r- '"ilTTaftiifliTr?MlHiifcifeiiTaiA -n.ti.'-A-. .A. .-- .jvi . : '1L-,..t.M to-,.a &-, ,.! -j- i. i fiikjm-'. c. '.... t..W-Ai S-x. - .v. Wv-. " '4. - iflFAj :- - i"--. 4'w?--'3 jo-";r i"vA I T BIMMMM '"nttl KY1 nP J 1 Illlil lull LU mm m m mlill VI II Hill I VI 1 Wl Telephones No. 36-tJ' BIS5ELL5 new I JTTTTTTTl "'NvsM" , --iz "cyco" ball bearing J ikL I NOTE OUR OTHER gJ" - . s ' & carpet SWEEPER m jZJSS I CHRISTMAS Ikrr?XV- JfesK MAKES A SENSIBLE f i?ggKg I SUGGESTIONS- ((-- . JBI SUITABLE CHRISTMAS GIFT V toMFTHlMP FOBH?'-r' A" id FOR MOTHER .W1FE.SISTER OR fr3 r 3UL, i niwu r uivXhC ,J 'W& FR,END - AT ALL PRICES - pj ' I EVERYBODY Mr -IIrr,t3 ,I :?BujrSuitable and Sensible Christmas Presents-Buy Them Here!DON'T WASTE MONEY ON TRASH!Have Your Presents Put Aside Now and Delivered When YouWish. Extra Inducements to Cash Buyers.B ifi JII M$m ITHISSewing ChairIs one of the VERY NICESTarticles for a Ladies' Present, It has a concealedrecepticle for thread, scissors, needles, etc. Alsosee ourLadies' WritingDesks and Sewing- TablesDoll Beds, Velocipedes,Coasters, Go-Garts, Chairs,Sanitary Table Chairs, CribsPor the Little FolksHennecke Statuary,Hoosier Vacuum Cleaner!Ill 111 iWe are showing themost complete lineI if BRASS andIRON BEDSWe have ever shown. TheyMake Desirable Presents.WeTry HardTo Give The Best Values For YourcTVIoney. Look Our Offerings OverI''iWM ( I !fc ' ir wijrtrg 1 1 wMrjig whiili Mt wk iif MCT tx l IThe PEER of all ChristmasPresents is a. McDougall Kitchen Cabinet..A set of Grand Aluminum Ware TREE withevery Roll Front Cabinet. The McDougall isthe Best made. A small payment gets one.We Are Open NightsGoods Delivered at YourConvenienceFop theManTheseChairsHaveNoEqual'Push The Button-and Rtst"v'tiSKpi!. V0 gfLETUsPutItcAsideNOWKindel DavenportsAre the Acme of Davenport Construction.Give. Yourself One For Christmasand you will shake hands with yourself'""' EVERY DAYChristmas Comes this Year on25th!!Buy Here, and Begin Right!Buy Here and End Right !You Can Find It HerePictures, Candlesticks, Mirrors, Pedestals, Jardiniers,Rugs, Davenports, Folding Beds, Dressers, Chifforobes,Brass Beds. Buffets, China Cases, Sewing Tables, DinChairs, Extension Tables,Martha Washington Sewing Tables,Library Tables, Sanitary Couches, Blacking Cases,Cheval Mirrors, Rocker, Writing Desks,Dressing Tables,Music Cabinets, Piano Benches, More Pictures, Table- Covers, Wood Mantels, Linoleums. Mattresses, Blankets,Comforts,Globe Wernike Book Cases,Some Pictures, Carpet Sweepers,. Easy Chairs, ,Costum-ers, Book Ends, Electroliers, Sanitary Couches, Refrigerators, Iron Beds. AND PICTURESBuy- Early While "Picking is Good"Delivered on DemandTUP 1 T BTMTAW M P.-i VM.i Gop. 6th a MainPhones, :-' m II Mjk II. a Ma JLX gLU IV ;mJmaa ilii iilvii v mv n VWR IHBS33B' i' m mm m. oIBBhI.hI pB 'SJI - mWm - x"Lv m.f -? rr-",&i? 11 t.vr"J 3 Ct VViX . ,.-.,.'VX5-crA.THE BpURBdN EWSPARIS, KENTUekyL bEeEMBER isfffe. - ,?VV f - ,.1r3.-4m9s99999ft999999,4HmH"I"1"M N ! I-'l'-I'-tl 1' l'''!"!1 IllI'll'4"!'f i 1 1 1 -Hi'"l''i' HJ M KM ,LAST WEEK THE TOY DEPARTMENT IIS CROWDED AGAIN.t3!J.There Seems to be No Decrease in theInterest Displayed in Our BeautifulAssortments of Toys, Dolls, Etc.Mothers and children both continue to come to our"Land of Toys." Those who came before said that everytime they visited this department they saw something new.Surely you can't see everything in one visit!Come, whether you want to buy or not. Bring thechildren and let them enjoy seeing the wonderland of toyshere. This is the last week we can assure you of completefor by tomorrow so many purchsses will have been madethat surely many things will be sold out. You 11 like toshop early when you can get such bargains as these at suchlow prices. Make many visits toThe Land of Joys The Land of ToysThe Land of Delight for Girls and Boys-"25c TOYSDollsDrums PopBuilding Blocks in WagonIron Toys Painting Outfit BooksTidley Winks Rope Toss Pitch-a-RingU. S. History to Date Steeplechase Bath Tub ToysAuthors Horns Puzzles j Tool Sets50c TOYSDolls Complete Train Outfits Doll BedsLarge Pop Guns Elevator Building Outfits g$Box BallChina Tea Sets Modlwood Toys Tiddledebats ,Humpty Dumpty Circus ! npq "Big Game Hunter Sand Toys jftRapid Fire Cannon$1.00DollsDoll CarriagesFine Train OutfitsMeccano Builders .White Furniture Giantcompendium orTool Sets BattleshipsPile Drivers SandyWOLF, WILE CO.Form erlyKaufman Straus & Co.Lexington,Mnittitii'i''-'i''i''i''ii'iiii'ii'i''i'i'i''ii'i''i'i''i"i'"ii'i"i"i"i"i"i"i"? -t"H"H"i"i'i541NOWIS THE TIMETo Buy Your. Fall and Winter Shoes.f IoFeld's Shoe Store,On Main Street Between Sixlh and Seventh.cisa"irrtg eraBrwro. g h - -1 "When the Leaves Beginrri r-ri 99 ,lo lurnMen's thoughts turn to the problem of heating duringthe coming cold season. They figure to get the mostheat for their money.Try Fox Ridge Coal.Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.Ycrd, South Main St Both Phones 1 4036 - , i. --JSk-A ifrtijV :-ti.. v-izL--jj: Jfc&l, . - ...-jta ratify n r i n nGuns Boy Scout OutfitsTOYSDoll Trunks " Doll BedsRepeating Air RiflesAmerican Model BuilderSoldiers -Steel WagonsFive Games -HTea Sets IScootersAndyMotors Z"ISKentuckyThe only thing youwant to know is the shoestore that sells the moststylish and most reliableshoes shoes that lookgood and are good andgive you satisfaction inevery respect. This shoestore is6UN HREJS AWFULBritish Officer Describes Deadllness of Artillery.Tells of Harrowing Experience FacingGerman Lines to Rescue WoundedCaptain Has Sword HiltShot Away.London. The awfulness of modernartillery fire is described in a thrillingstory told by a British officer just returning from Flanders. He says:"I took eight men to find out whathappened to Captain B. and a platoonwho were sent to support the firingline. Three hundred yards out I sawthe line of ou infantry lying fiat onthe ground and made toward them."I shall never forget traversingthose three hundred yards. The German guns, which were only 800 yardsaway, fired with extreme accuracy.It seemed impossible that my littleparty could escape. Three were hitalmost immediately, but w otherskept on and reached the line."To my horror I found all dead orwounded except three men, who werekeeping perfectly still. I found asubaltern on his knee with one handresting on the ground just in the attitude of a runner who is -waiting forthe signal for the start of a race.He was stone dead. A shrapnel bullethad pierced his head. I again creptforward another hundred yards, whereI found our firing line under CaptainB. They were lying, every man killedor wounded within about four hundredyards of the German guns, which wecould not even see."In the center a bunch of 25 menlay in a heap, having massed as theyadvanced for mutual protection. w Inever have seen such wounds at thisshort range."I found Captain B. still alive withhis thigh shattered and another v oundin his neck."As long as we lay quiet the German guns did not fire, but directlyany one moved we got another shellright on top of us."I saw that unless Captam B. received speedy attention he would die.I took two rifles and made a stretcher out of a great coat. We carriedCaptain B. almost to the edge of awood before the Germans noticed us.Then they opened fire, but we reachedcover."I got some more volunteers frommy platoon and four stretchers, andthese brave fellows crawled up tothe firing line and carried the othersout under heavy fire. Several of thewounded were again hit on the way."I was on the extreme right of theline to cut a pack from a man whowas badly wounded. I heard a shellcoming and instinctively put up myarm to guard my face and tried tothrow myself on the ground. But itwas too late. I felt a terrific blow,just as if some one had hit me witha giant red hot poker. I was spunaround and seemed to go on spinningand then fell to the ground."I thought I had been killed, as Ifelt a violent blow in the abdomen.I then discovered my right arm wasbroken and useless. It was bleedingj freely. I looked at my stomach,where I felt the greatest pain, butf to my great relief saw no blood. Then' I found the bullet had cut the ringI on my belt and carried away the hilt! of my sword.! "I lay on the ground a few min1 utes; then the Germans commenced. to shell us again. Finally we reachedthe field hospital, where we wereI given morphine, then put in a trainj with hundreds of other wounded.I This is all I know of war, and I have1 not the least idea whether we won orwere beaten on the day I was hit."SOLDIERS IN THE TRENCHESThis interesting photograph, fromthe war zone shows soldiers in thetrenches. For days and weeks at atime the men have fought in suchtrenches, some of the time waist-highin water.German 42-Centlmeter Gun Old.The Hague, Holland. The famousGerman 42-centimeter gun, which hasbeen reported as a modern invention,appears to have been described inthe German magazine Prometheus in1893. The article at the time gavethe weight of the gun and the velocityand effects of the shots and this information was extensively quoted- in !scientific magazines issued the s&mtJ' i tf t, (w,'HITS BRITISH STAGE FOLKHalf the Road Companies Disbandedx Because of Wai Plans forRelief.London. Many cases of dire povertyare being reported to relief committees from among the classes that depend upon amusements for their livelihood. Small-part actors, stagehands,and others are threatened with starvation. The war has hit the theatersand theater folk of the United Kingdom a hard blow.Whereas in ordinary times there are400 companies on the road, there aretoday fewer than half that number.The darkened streets in London havealready resulted in a decision bymany managers to give matinees dailyand night performances twice weekly,thus reversing the established orderof things, and many theaters have beenclosed. To the high-salaried actor oractress who has saved up for a rainyday the situation is not serious, butthe theater employees must have substantial aid at once.To relieve the situation severalmovements have been started, amongthem a plan to have a special varietyweek at the Women's theater, forwhich the public has been urged topurchase tickets. Well-knoun actresses and actors will give their services. BRITISH TRADE LOSS HEAVYImports Decrease $100,850,000 in OneMonth and Exports $90,100,000Cotton Suffers.London. The effect of the war onBritish trade is shown in the figurespublished by the board of trade forthe month of October.Imports decreased $100,850,000 andexports decreased $90,100,000. Theprincipal loss in imports was $27,500,000 on raw cotton from America and$7,500,000 on cotton from Egypt, together with $35,000,000 on manufactured articles The exports of coal declined $10,000,000 and the exports ofmanufactured articles declined $67,500,000. Of the last named, cottonyarns made up $26,250,000 and woolyarns $6,250,000.REFUGEES FLEE ON BICYCLESEvery mode of vehicle was usedby the vast army of refugees whichfled from Belgium through northernFrance. The pictuie shows the useot the bicjele in the flight.IN SEVEN BATTLES AT 12Youngest Soldier in the War Is Promoted by the Crown Princeof Servia.Paris The youngest soldier in thewar is said to be a Servian lad namedDragoljub Jelitittch. Though onlytwelve years old, he is "said to havealready fought in seven engagements,In the last he was wounded.Crown Prince Alexander of Servialearned of the boy's prowess and as areward for valor personally handed little Dragoljub his stripes as corporal,an honor which so pleased the boythat he is itching to be back at thefront jn the performance of his newduties.Kitchener's Reply.London. Kitchener, 'as is wellknown, is a man of few words. Ajournalist tried to interview him ashort time ago, and the emergencywar minister, with glacial courtesy,announced his usual formula, "Sorry,but I have nothing to say." The newspaper man, moved by a sudden spiritof subtlety, asked the great man forhis autograph. He looked at him fora second, and then said: "Youngman, go and make your own autograph worth having."Marriages in England Increase.London. Notwithstanding the departure of young men to the war,marriages in England and Wales forthe quarter ending October 1 were 1.2per cent greater then the mean ratefor the ten preceding quarters.Wilde's Sons at Front.London. Both sons of the late Oscar Wilde are serving with the Britisharmy. sThe eldest son is with the Indianexpeditionary fore, while the younfirone is acting as as interpreter5v ffi-i i nnmminH ., JtdMmKt ' , 'WALTER MARTINNEW LIVERY STABLE!New Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special; Attention; Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.Horses Boarded ByHauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and, the Main Streeplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS.Stables Eigth St., Main St.tit"Lbs. GranulatedSugar1U(With a $2.00 Purchase.)2 1-2 pound can Tomatoes, solid2 1-2 pound can Sweet PotatoesSugar Leaf Can Peas, 20c value i7a ASugar Leaf Can Peas, 20c value . ' i4CCardinal Brand Peas, 12 l-2c value ....'..'.'!! !l0c HBaby Bunton Corn, per can ..'.. 8c V.oiepucuit uorn, per can gcPie Peaches, per can ...". ....... ...8 i-3cHunt's Peaches, per can .....".".."..'.. .23cLemon Cling or Sliced Golden State Can Peaches, 20c vai..18c2 1-2 lb. can Hawaiian Pine Apple 23cMacaroni, 10c package 8cGolden" Medal Oats, package .. .!.!".8cCutono Oats, package gcMother's or Quaker Oats . ...."l.c16 oz. package Seeded Raisins ! .l2 1-2e12 oz. package Seeded Raisins ; 5c16 oz. package Currants 12 l-2cMince Meat, 3 packages .." 25c2 large Mackerel .'..!'...... 15c3-tie Brooms, extra good "...... ".'.'. ",20c4-tie Brooms, extra good .... ... ... 30c4-tie Brooms, 50c value ....'. AOeHarrison's Buck Wheat Flour, package ...V .'..'.'. !l0cDon't think because our terms are cash you have to cometo the store. We have both phones and the delivery boy carries change with him, so you may pay at home as well as store.Watch our space every week and see what you can save bypaying- cash.It. c. leinihainIViCash urocer.GEO. W. DAVISFDNE8AL DIKECT0B AND LICENSED EIBAL1E1.BOTH'PHONES DATE 1X7; NIGHT 299.4mISTIs IE Worth Insuring?4. Ask us to give you therates. We give especial attention to aiiiarm ousmess.Try us. Call 36 or 171 day,56 night.W. 0. HINT0N' & SON,t THE NEW FIRM.;M"M' 1 1 1 t'"I"'M"H"H'M"l'' ISTRAYED.Prom my lot, a yellow Jersey cow,with short horns and short teats.Liberal reward for return of cow orinformation leadiar to. her recovery.(11-tt) P. N1PPMRT, SRy!CHOW0Certainly?ERNEST MARTINDay, Week or Moitb!Transfer Busi-Both Phonespacked v. gc- .-$1.00.Both Phones 234JffifrtfliMfrfrflflflflflflflfl Hui.tl mm'T rCENTRALLIFE INSURANCE CO.Strongest Company.Lowest Net Rate.Miss Kale Alexander $AGENTI ALSO SOLICITI Fire, Windand Automobile IInsuranceand will greatly appreciateyour consideration.MISS KATE ALEXANDERjmiiittmitHitiniiiiiA man can be so brave that kasix hero medals to prove it Batdoeea't do him any good wh hi-ito hi' wHf" wha h is wooiUq. v-.. r!W-'-'j.; iLI- 1jy" v.s , 'XJ. -i -' y.r.-K i' r '.1 HE BOURBON NLWS."PAR1S, KENTUCKY,- DECEMBER. 15,-1914,--i ff .JI iK OF M1LLERSBURGMr. T. J. Prather returned Wednesday from a prospecting tour ofMississippi and Alabama.Regular meeting of Amity "LodgeNo. 40, F. & A. M. to-night. All members urged to be present. Importantbusiness to be transacted.Mesdames K. R. and A. 21.Vaaght, of Indianapolis, Ind., arrivedFriday ao guests o their parents, Mr.an! Mrs. T. D. Judy, to remain untilafter the Christmas holidays.Miss Anna McLain Sankey, of theSt. Louis School o Oratory, gave arecital at the Baptist church, Fridayevening. Misses Grace Harris, reader,and Peggie Daniels, vocalist, gave arec:tal at the M. F. C. auditorium Saturday evening.Miss Louie Sheridan, who hasbeen the guest of her cousin, Miss MaySavage, and other relatives, tor tneRELIGIOUS. SOCIAL ID PERSONALThe churches of Paris had. a largeattendance Sunday, in spite of thevery disagreeable weather.At the Methodist church. Rev. .1. S.Mr. Davio Hutchcraft has returned from a business trip to Frankfort.Mrs. Hiram Ewing has returned too:. n,i of unh tlio Tunrninir " nume m anisic, auci a. visil LUonus, picou """; - "r ThP iriends in this county.CeSSoy 'Society -Miss Lucy Berry, who has beengave-a phayle 2 ?Sl "5?.!! L!J?"!dftJ!tSS -Mr. W. T. Faulkner, of Cannelance at the Sunday school.Regular services were held at thePresbyterian church at both the morning and 'evening services, the pastor,Rev. B. M. Shive, preachingCity, Ky., is a guest of his brother,Mr. Edward Faulkner, on Twelfthstreet.Mrs. W. L. Dawson and little son,Billy, have returned to their home in' - T o trro n crn offar o vicif r r rl fiMonflc? inRev. George Harris conducted tne "".ol ""' ""w ,"fc -" "" ""e7:rXoX m-lheofn: "a Mrs. WlUUm Howard, ofJSSW SSrf Unday SC"001 ",et UlC "Jt cfandl c-Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Chris- press street. .tian church, filled his pulpit both Muw Virginia McClure has return-P3SL week, left Saturday for a visit I morning and evening. The Sunday "e'l,0T-,v AfAl"r o-to relatives at Mayslick before return- school and Adult Bible Classes met at v,wt lu "" UCJ,uucl1' uu 1Ains: to her home at SL Joseph, Mo. the regular hour. The Men's Bible teentn street.Misses Mary Bruce Redd and Ed- class of the Presbvterian church met Mr. and Mrs. inos. t. Reasonvrtea Ammerman will conduct a bazaar xvitIl the Men'.; Bible Class of the have returned from a visit to the forto the vacant room of Mrs. Sue V. Christian church. mer's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jno. Gleas-Ssndu-kv, adjoining the pool room un-1 At the Baptist church Dr. O. R. son, m Brooksvilie.til the Christmas holidays. They will : Mangum preached at the morning ser- coroner Kudolpn Davis lias reals serve oysters dai! The bazaar vice& oll the subject, "The Uplifted turned from a very successful hunting,i Amnri,v ni v.-M mtinae nh..B.,nflath0 0vpni Rprvir.P. on trip in Laurel county, returning withthrough Christmas Eve. "Who 'is On the Lord's Side?" Sun- a string of ninety-two quail.a Q Vft-nhl rv- n- o" fn !,! o h.lH of Hm iieiinl liniir. MlSS Dorothy Fleming, wllO-Presbytorian oh-orrt,, ..ire! a r;"!The contest, for membership and at- bee" the guest of her cousi, Misssermon to tne .uasomc aoiy, ah:' ., tendance between tnehasBaraca and IrenG Tackett, on Lilleston avenue,has returned to her home in Sharps'burg.Mrs. Erne Cline, who came toNorh Middletown to attend thetuneral of her grandmother, Mrs. Geo.S. Moore, has returned to her home in, Detroit, Mich.Mrs. Elizabeth Richardson, of Loui3ville, and Mus. Sarah Spencer, ofHyde Park, near Cincinnati, are guestsof Mrs. Eliza Tucker and Mrs. HoraceM. Collins, on High street.Mr. and Mis. Thomas C. Whaley,Lodge No. 40, F. & A. M., Sunday PMiathea classes at this church willnight, at th-e Presbyterian church. ciose on Sunday, December 20.Notwithstanding the very inclement ( A 0f the local preachers have beenAoa:her there was a good attendance, j asked to preach on Nation-wide prohiThe members of the lodge assembled bition, ora t least make mention of theat the lodge room, and proceeded in a J sllbject in their sermons and all pracbody to the church, where special j ticallv agreed to do so.seats naa been reserved ior uieui. jRev. Tenable took for his subject,) COMING LOOK OUT."Character Building," the principaltrend of his t:nie being woven about There is more cold weather comingthe columns of Boaz and Jachin. The . loojc out prepare for it by installingsermon was highly complimented by nnft or more of our gas stoves. Weall who heard it. The musical pVo-, nan(ile the Taylor, Ironton and Gar- who were married in Cynthiana,rnursday, nave returned to fans, anahave gone to housekeeping in Mr.u Haley's cozy cottage home, in EastParis. Mr. Whaley is the mail carrieron Rural Route No. 5 out ot Paris, andMiss Holladay's candies in t anoy he and his bride are receiving heartyes, at Bruce congratulation and best wishes.The Hutchison Dance Club entertained the young society folk of theneighborhood Friday night with another one of their delightful dances, iMusic was furnished by the SaxaphoneTrio. The committee in charge of thedance was composed of Russell iSDears, Ben Will Gorham and Joe (Huffman. Those on the entertaining jserved, and a. silver offering amountingto $14 was taken. "Mr3. Luella Fitto and son, Harold,of Anderson, Indiana, are geuts of Mrs.H. B. Arnold, on South High street.Miss Anna Wilson has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Louise Steele, atMargaret College, in Versailles.The pupils'of Miss Betsy Ray willgive a pianofore recital this eveningat the home of Miss Ray on Higginsavenue. An interesting program hasbeen prepared and the friends of theyoung people are invited.Mr. Edward Hutchcraft, of Chicago, was a guest of his father, Mr.H. Clay Hutchcraft, from Saturday toSunday afternoon. Mr. Hutchcraften route to Asheville, N. C, to attenda meeting of the Southern SurgicalSociety.The Young People's Society of theChristian Endeavor of the Presbyterian church which was reorganizedlast Sunday evening will begin meeting regularly -each Sunday evening at6:30 o'clock. A cordial invitation isextended to all.Mr. R. L. ("Bud") Whaley, whowas injured in a collision at the Harrodsburg pike crossing near Nicholasville, some days ago, is still in the St.Joseph Hospital at Lexington, but isimproving rapidly and will soon beable to leave the hospital.Mr. O. P. Carter, Jr., has accepted a position with the Kentucky RuralCredit Association, of Lexington, andwill have his headquarters in this city.This association makes a specialty ofloaning money to fanners on landholdings, etc.The Knoxville, Tenn., society correspondent in Sunday's Courier-Journalsays: "Mrs. Edward T. Sanford, ofKnoxville, Tenn., has returned from avisit to her daughter, Mrs. James G.Metcalf, in Paris, Ky. Mrs. Metcalfwas Miss Dorothy Sanford before hermarriage to Mr. Metcalf last monthand was one of the belles of Knoxville's younger society element."K. C. & B. C. ENTERTAINMENT.An entertainment for the benefit ofthe Belgian people wjll be given in theold Christian church, in North Middletown, on Saturday, December 18, bythe teachers and pupils of the Kentucky Classical & Business College. ATHEATRICALAlamo Theatre To-day.-The film version of "Rip Van Win.11 1 1 rri -wnominal admission charge will be Kie m nicn i nomas Jeiterson stars,made. Anyone having clothing they 1S remarkable for the number of playdo not need, and which they are wil- ers wno sPent tneir lives in the atmosling to donate to the suffering Belgi- Fhere of the Jefferson classic. B. A.ans, are requested to bring or send Rolfe puoto Plays, Inc., who put "Ripthem in. The promoters ot the affair Van Winkle" upon the screen, gatherhave given the assurance that the en- ed together as many ot Joseph Jeffe"tertainment will be of a character that son's Players as possible. So in everywill repay those who attend. The pub- possible way the atmosphere of uulie is cordially invited to come and original "Rip Van Winkle" was preserved. Thomas Jeffersoji, m 'RipVan Winkle," cntrolled exclusively bya,a , ,,, L.-ri. Ar-r-r the Alco Film Corporation, is the atSANTA CLAUS' HEADQUARTERS, traction at tl Alamo Theatre to-dayi I . , ox ,and to-night. (adv)As usual our store will be Santa: The Columbia To-morrow.Claus' headquarters this year the j To-morrow will see the first installsame as in years past, only on a larger ment of the wonderful serial film storyscale. Great bargains in toys, games, Zudora," in twenty big episodes,candies, nuts fruits, etc Suitable by Daniel Goodman, the first episodegifts for the little ones, such as veloc-:of which The Mystic Message of theipeues, iribu mans, rouer ami ice , Snntted Hollar " will hft shown at Thww-""- ----- j -- - --..- - ..,assist in theis worth work.skates, wagons, drums, guns, fireworks, fancy baskets, magic lanterns,Columbia to-morrow, Wednesday, Dec.ib, is aistinctiveiy unusual doui min fact, everything that is calculated conception and in its handling. Alto-lo yieuse uie wmmreii. -Dung me gether is promises to be the most fascash and we will save you money on cinating st0ry to follow. There willyour noiiuay purciiases.(x) LAVIN & CONNELL.LETTERS TO SANTA.cram of the evening was in charge of j iand none better made3Irs. W. G. Dailey, and consisted ot j PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Incseveral solos and chouses, all of tvich were well rendered. J in FANCY PACKAGES.ANNOUNCEMENT.The engagement of Miss Mary jESr.abeth- Ingels to Mr. Coo. Elmore j faucy Christmas packaRemolds was announced Saturday af-1 Holladay's.ternoon at a "rook party given dv ; (ecS-eot-T)Oiiss Kizzie .May iucuaniei at nerhe:ne in Millersburg. A number off-'eds of Mi"s Ingels were invited totnp Inmf of Miss McDaniels for Satur- u ;? on riirht. for Everett True today afternoon and immediately after pUu ou those stunts in the cartoonsTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.the games the holder of the highesttre was .given a prize, a bouquet of-white roses, from which fell twohut if hp should trv them here inParis in real life, he would be spending two-thirds of his time either inhearts bearing the announcement and t tne Massie Memorial Hospital or inreTaling the secret of the . 5'oung. ; police Court at 7.50 per.couple to their friends. The weddingwill take place Januarv 5. Miss SUITABLE CHRISTMAS PRESENTSTncels is the daughter of Mr. and MrsE. 31. Ingels, of Millersburg, and is aleader of the younger social circle.She is a graduate of Millerburg Female College, and a very beautiful andtalented girl. Mr. Reynolds is a prosperous young farmer and resides nearCare Ridge. He is a young man ofprominence and sterling worth.IMPORTED 3ASKETS.Come to our store and select yourChristmas presents such things topick from as, Bibles, 50-cent books,latest novels, boys and girls books,trick books for children. Subscription to magazines taken. Any of theabove would be acceptable.(27-tf) PARIS BOOK CO.FUR GLOVES.Fimcy imported baskets of all kinds, j Make an ideal gift for anyBruce Holladay's. j-liave the best from $3.50 toat(dec8-eot-T)(It)man. We6.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Mr. and Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann, of Bourbon, entertained with aparty Saturday at Mrs. Bronston andMr. Getty's Tea Dance, at the PhoenixHotel. Their guests were: MissesCarolyn Roseberry and ElizabethSteele, of Paris; Jane Farrell, MarySayre Williams, Mary Goodloe Leonard; Messrs. Lucien Patton, WallerSquires, Lucas Combs, Charlton Clay,of Paris; Jack Rogers, of Versailles.Pursuant to an order issued by theFourth Assistant Postmaster General,letters addressed to Santa Claus willbe delivered. Postmaster McCarneyhas received instructions along thatline, which are given as follows:"Postmasters are authorized to deliver all letters on which the postage'has been fully prepaid arriving at theirrespective offices during the month ofDecember which are addressed plainlyland unmistakably to "Santa Claus,without any other terms or expressions identifying the person for whomsuch -letters are intended, to responsi-i ble charitable institutions or reputable individuals in the town or city ofaddress who may desire to use themexclusively for philanthropic purposes."ha in all twantv oricrrJoc oo nh nrvplete in itself. Every one who has ths1 good fortune to see the openingchapter will want to see all the othersin succession, and will be sure to enjoyeach one. In that respect "Zudora" iscomparable to a series of short storiesin which the same characters appear,but at the same time it proceeds lika novel toward the final climax, adv.(Other Personals on Page 5)LADIES, READ!Don't foreret we have all kinds ofcommittee were Mr. and Mrs. M. R. beautiful Christmas novelties. TheseJacoby, Mr. and Mrs. Joe Houston, Mr. goods are new and up-to-the-minute inand Mrs. Winstead Spears and Mr. and i styie. The prices will surprise you, asMrs. Will Skinner. .t 'they are very reasonable.A delightful social was Held in the i (ll-4t) MRS. M. A. PATON.parlors of the Christian church, Thursday evening by the members of theYoung People's Society of the Christian Endeavor. The High School Orchestra furnished a musical programthat greatly pleased all. Twelveyoung girls enacted an amusing pantomime, "The Old Maid's Tea Party."The young women wore old-fashionedcostumes. "The Bird's ChristmasCarol" was the subject of a recitationcharmingly rendered by Miss EstherBoatright, and a solo was sung by MissSusan Beitz. Refreshments of hot jFOR THE LADIES.Ladies' Silk Hose and Ladies' Glovesat Mitchell & Blakemore's. (15-2t)WHITE DIAMONDS.Finest white diamonds only, that defy competition. Calland he convinced.x SHIRC&FITHIANBOYS' AND GIRLS' DEBATINGCLUBS IN OPEN SESSION.PAROLE GRANTED.The Boys' and Girls' debating clubsof the Paris Public School will hold aunion open session in the auditoriumof the Paris High School on nextThursday, December 17, at eighto'clock. There will be no admissionfee charged. The friends and patronsof the school are very cordially invited to attend. The following programwill be rendered:Music High School OrchestraPresident's AddressMr. Hiram AdairInter-Class Debate Juniors vs. Sophomores. Debate "Resolved: That Athletics isthe Best Subject in the SchoolCurriculum for the Developmentof Moral Character." Affirmative:Sophomores, Mr. Albert Lavin,M.r. Raymond Connell; Negatives:Juniors, Mr. Thomas Burns, Mr.The rich have their troubles, too.People never waste much time tryingto sting a man who has no money.EIGHT YEAR OLD.Have you tried Ed. Slattery's eightyear old whiskey at $1 per quart? Ifchocolate, sandwiches and rtiints were not, try a quart. (x)i rIVEHWE'RE READYFOR YOU!THE GREATEST ASSORTMENT OF HOLIDAYFOOTWEAR EVER OFFERED.Never before have we been able to buy such largeQuantities of New, Demandable Footwear at such Reduction Prices.Owing to the unusual business depression and theunseasonable weather, we have been able to purchasethese High Grade Shoes at our own price.WE ADVISE YOU TO SHOP EARLYAs &vzry lot is now complete in vry detail and you cannot be disappointed. Younot only save time and money, but you get absolutely exactly what you want byshopping now. DO YOUR HOLIDAY SHOPPING NOW !HFred Merrimee.I Music High Schol OrchestraCas McCatten, convicted and sen- j "THE VESTAL viutfiwb.tenced in the Bourbon Circuit Court ; A Christmas Playlet,for chicken stealing has been granted ' Scene: The Delphic Temple ata parole by the State Prison Commis- Delos.sion and approved by Geovernor Mc- Miss Aleen Ellett Delphic SibjlCreary. 'Miss Jessie May Fee Vestaestai virgins .Misses bona luuiiuru,Carrie Rose, Mabel Galloway, Margaret Schwartz, Lina Crowe, JuliaFitzgerald, Georgia Speakes andGladys Snapp.J Miss Julia Calnan Madonna! Miss Florence Elh? AngelI TableauBorn, to the wife of Mr. William iusjc High School OrchestraWorkman, near Little Rock, a son.Born, on December 11, to the wife F0R FATHER, BROTHERMr. J. A. Santen, of Higgins avenue, a. OR SWEETHEART,son. -Born, to the wife of Mr. Emery t Mitchell & Blakemore's store is theDavis, of Paris, formerly Miss 'Katie place t0 seiect that Christmas gift forBelle Parker, of Sadieville, a son. father, brother or sweetheart. (152t)BRTHSSTOCK AND FA1N0IES."THE OLD RIP" COMING.Many effects which could not be produced on the legitimate stag3 are eenin the Alco release, Thomas Jeffersonin "Rip Van Winkle," the attractionn at -Tnpiitnni, ov.?ori at the Alamo Theatre to-day. Rip's'which went out in six cars, represent- "" ""' " ",.. " ,'. ' T ,,, ,.,.,.,ed over $7,000. The hoge : were : pur- t7tee Scenes erenevlr giv.n.nltno-wl fvrrr "Rr!iTVrr (imniH fnTTTKirc I., f ec o. irir adequated presentationLL CLXL avuia. V. VJ tst- a . - w ipounds:(adv)NEW SAUERKRAUT.Heinz's new sauerkraut, 5c lb.(6-tf) A. W. COTTINGHAM.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Don't try to iquelch the office boy!Some day he may be "boss." Anyway, who ever knew an office boy-who could be squelched?Bill TheKlMS 111Largest AssortmentOf Men's9 Women's andChildren'sWi m$d$ffl W A x3cyM iWmm HIGH-GRADE FOOTWEAR! ' WUM II ID -A. IT CO HC EI 3ST 'S If.J.4.5pfrl'Zfrfrtt&'TO THE public!Miitttgittitg,,(tg,wgttg,lgt,,,ttt,ilMJttTttMttTtigi9ANDESPECIALLY THE PARMERS !I HAVE OBTAINED A LICENSE AS ANAUCTIONEERI have practiced the professionjfor a number ofyears and am a good one. I solicit the trade of thepublic in this line. Anything you have to sell inway ofReal Estate, Farm Products, Household orKitchen Furniture, Stock, Grot), Etc.will be sold by me at a reasonable price. Give mea chance at you business I will guarantee io getas high a price as any auctioneer in the State. Callme over either phone, or, better still, call at myplace of business. Phones: Cumberland 226, Home242.V515Morris VangroffProp. Paris Furniture Co. 71 6 Main Street., "Be Sure and Get Your Money's Worth."15-5t 3 X& -