,-:. l-t . .v-araft, -iAr' - " v-j- f " ? -4.PUBLISHED E.VFBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR: fgJ,'y:VOLUME XXXIIJL.PARIS, KENTUCKY, pRIDAY, AUGUST 21 1914.r XH V B m m - H H AIV K. B H H H 1 H ' -lB ' H M V H H H T" - , ,!, V Tirt-IR NEWSGET NOW.jerman Scouts Japan's U1-tfmatum and EnvoysLeaves Berlin.BIG BATTLEBEING FOUGHT.Brief War Bulletins Fromthe Seat of' Trouble inEurope. 'EUROPEAN WAR ALTERS OUTLOOK FOR CONGRESS.T e "war in Europe has materiallyater:$J tiie Congressional; situation.No aiany weeks rgo administrationkaars ere expressing the hopethat the minority wo aid restrain anyJLfctister against legislation, particularly the anti-trust program, so thatCongress might adjourn in ampletune lor participation in the fall campaign. The Republicans, many ofthem are also eager to get home forthe political fray, promptly agreedthat there should be no filibuster andthat all would pull together for earlyadjournment.Wednesday, however, the adjournment prospects is eclipsed by multifarious issues and the Democratsthemselves are putting the brakes onlegislation. Administration leaders,-when asked about adjournmentsimply throw up their hands and say"time alone can answer, we cannotadjourn while half the world is broiling." There is no treasury deficit nowand no immediate danger of one,consequently the Democrats say itwould be best to go at the task ofproviding for the ultimate deficit deliberately and safely.POPE PIUS X, HEAD OF CATHOLIC CHURCH IS DEAD.ROME, ITALY, Aug. 20. ThePope died at an early hour this morning. Grief over the war in EuropecausedTiim much depression from itsfirst outbreak, and several days agosymptoms appeared of the old bronchial affection from which the Pontiff had suffered in times past. -Tuesday, Dr. Marchiafava annunced that the Pope was suffering a simple cold and that rest for a weekprobably would restore him to health.The condition spread, however, andWednesday is was known that thePope's condition was serious."The Pope's condition wrew worseduring the night. This was due tothe diffusion of the bronchitis to thelower lobe of the left lung. Symptoms of heart weakness became sothreatening at 10 o'clock this morning that it was believed the Pontiffslife was in danger. At 1:30 o'clockthe symptoms were improved, butstill grave. The temperature is nownow 103, pulse uneven at 1:30 o'clock,respiration 50."The dying Pope, in a moment oflucidity, said."Now I begin to think, as the endis approaching, that the Almighty, inhis inexhaustible goodness, wishesto -spare me the horrors Europe isundergoing."To Americans Pius X. was especially interesting. His great friendship for this country, his frequentaudiences to Americans, both CathMANGLED T.BODY FOUNDON TRACKS I44WE KNOW HOW"-i1Mangled Remains of Carniva1 !" Employe Found onTracks.MURDER THEORYIS HINTED.Man Said To Be John Clark,of Atlantic City,Killed.WASHINGTON, Aug. 19. Officialsof the United States Government areas ignorant of what is happening ontl:e battlefields of Europe asthe .general public. Not a single messageand American diplomats are in communication from all capitals hascome in the last five days, givingthe slightest hint ot the development of military operations.Track walkers of the Louisville &Nashville in the local yards discovered the terribly mutilated body of aT ,BB n T- U i J man lvinS on the main tracks at aohc and non-Catholic, and his interest nninf ,Rf haW Ua rpQfl, -in American affairs kept him in closer touch with this side of the Atlantic than perhaps any Pontiff that haspreceded him. He was an ardent admirer of Thodore Koo'-evelt, and hadthe ex-President's wiitings translatedfor reading, yet, as will be recalled,events accruing at the time of Mr.Roosevelt's visit to Rome led to thecancellation of his visit to the Vatican. Former Vice President CharlesW. Fairbanks had a somewhat similar experience, and the incident created wide-spread interest in thiscountry and in h'tirope at the timeWASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 19.T e movements of the big armies isaccounted for by officials as due toto lact that American diplomats arei-o thoroughly absorbed in caring forstranded Americans, that they arejnable to make any calls at the different embassies or legations, wherere os might be obtained-ARIS. FRANCE, Aug. 19. TheI -'ted States cruiser, North CaroI --a, arrived at Cherbourg to-day.-Ia;or Charles A. Hedekin, who is todirect the relief in France and sevPial ether Americans, who. will assisti are due to reach here to-morrowi M he gold for the relief of American. Tre French Government has placeda special train at their service.NEW YORK, August 20. A cablegran to the New York Herald thisnirm ng says:Ti.p greatest battle in the world'sitoTy is ragihg, with the big gunsbo Iig from Mamur to Diest, andeF3 on the bloody field of Waterloo.Obeying the. orders of their grim"Kar lord, half a million men of thegreat German army have hackedtheir Tay to, and probably were inLoua"n last night. This is the lastgateway to Antwerp and Brussels.The Belgians are retreating to savethe historic town, but the roads areblocked with German dead.MOVING PICTURE BUSINESSAFFECTED BY THE WAR.Wouldn't you be surprised ifsomeone should tell you that themotion picture houses of this countryare likely to have to close soon as aresult of the war in Europe?You will naturally inquire, "Why,how in the world can the war inEurope affect the Alamo and the Columbia away out here in Paris, thousrands of miles from the seat trouble?"Yet, if the war continues, and inabout thirty days, according to thestatement of one of the best postedmotion picture men in the UnitedStates, that is just w.hat is likely toliappen. -And here is the reason:In about thirty days, if the warcontinues, the moving picture production business may come to a standstill, according to motion picturemen.The reason is that there will beno hydro-quinine with which to develop the films.Hydro-quinine comes from Germany. Germany is not producinghydro-puinine or anything else rightnow but war, dead men, widows andorphans.Hydro-quinine cost seventy cents apound last week. Now it costs $2.50.New 'York jobbers announce the priceprobably will Dump to 10 a pound.At the price its use will be abandoned. It is possible that producers ofpictures will raise the price of filmsto meet the higher cost of production. This would mean an increase inthe price of admission to movingpicture theatres.After the supply of hydro-quininegives out and no more films can bedeveloped, moving picture exchangeswill have to use the" pld reels in thefiles.LONDON, August20. Telegraphingfrom St. Petersburg, the correspondent of the Dailv Telegraph sends acomuanication issued by' the Russiangeneral staff, reporting a prolongedengagement about 30 miles northwestof Kamenzez, the capital of Padolia,At noon Monday," the cpmmunication says, "an Austrian cavalry di"ftsn with artilery and machine gunsreached the line of the small town ofKus.;n, where they engaged Russianvalry. After stubborn fighting,k "i lasted until 7 o'clock in theevening, the Austrians were beatenbac with heavy casualties. TheRus-lan casualties were small."C TINGTON, KY., Aug. 20. Fearsthat -cere entertained for the safetycf r . iop C. P. Maes, of the Coving-'iocese, were Allayed yesterdayn Rev. Father Gorey received am ge stating he was safe in( c-rrurrai( Belgium. "They are fightg ill around me," he wrote. He saidle s awaiting an opportunity to"- 1 fci America.A CARD FROM CHIEFOF POLICE LINK.A number of my personal and political enemies are getting a greatdeal of satisfaction in circulating malcious lies about me every time Imake an arrest or execute any authority vested in me by the Commonwealth. The latest is a story goingthe rounds that I clubbed Wm. Hitch,causing his death. The truth is, thatI arrested Hitch for drukenness andtook him to jail in an automobile, Accompanied by Patrolmen King andFarmer. 1 never strucK mm a. amswpoint just below the Tenth streetpassenger station on Wednesdaymorning.The body was frightfully mangled,both legs being cut off above theknees, 4and portions of the man's an-1atomy were scattered along thetracks, where the body had been dragged beneath the wheels of a fastmoving train.The engineer of a ' freight traintrain coming in from Covington about2:30 Wednesday morning discoveredthe body of a man on the track justin front of his engine, and before hecould stop the train, the engine hadstruck the man, who seemed to be intoxicated or asleep on the track androlled him for some distance beneaththe wheels.It has been the custom for southbound trains to put on a full head ofsteam when coming from thebridge through the Duncan avenuecut., it being an up grade, and thisfact made it impossible for the engineer to use his air brakes "Withoutderailing his cars.The train was stopped as quicklyas possible and the trainmen gathered up the mangled remains and tookthem to the passenger station wherethey were later taken in charge byundertaken peo. R. Davis, and. t&-ken to the undertaking establishmentof Geo. W. Davis, where they wereprepared for burial.Investigation developed the factthat the body was that of John Clark,an employe of the Rogers GreaterShows Carnival Company, which arrived here Sunday morning to fill aweek's engagement under the auspices of the local lodge J. O. U. A. M.Employes of the Carnival Companystated that Clark came from AtlanticCity, where he 'had been a barber, andjoined the Carnival Company here,but did not seem to be satisfied withhis employment, and severed his connection with' the company late Tuesday afternoon. After that he wasseen in company with several members of the Carnival Company andlater in the evening visited thegrounds and remained some time. After that he was not seen by any ofthose on the grounds.Theories of foul play were advanced by both' railroad men and- the police, based upon the discovery of awound in the top of the head aboutblade and wiheh in their opinionblade and nwhich in their opiniocould not have been made by anytrain. The supposition is that Clark,after receiving his pay from the. Carnival Company started down the railroad tracks for tne Carnival Company's train, which was on a sidingnear the freight depot, and was followed by persons who knew of hishaving money on his person. He wasevidently murdered and his bodyplaced on the tracks. No articles ofvalue were found in his pockets.Clark's body was positively identiled by several members of the Carnival company.Coroner Davis was in Frankfortyesterday and immediately upon his4' vWt,If You Want to Save:Several DollarstCome To Our Store andBuy a Suit. .' r We have reduced in price all Men'sand Boys' Suits, as well as the extralight weight Coats and Pants. Buy now' -andsave money, - rAll Sizes In Suits. A FewSizes at Half Price.Mitchell & Blakemore,I The Store for Men's Styles Paris, Kentucky ft-?FRANK & COROTTERDAM, Aug. 20. An" officialdispatch from Berlin states that Gerai.y will not consent tp evacuatingJuajchau or comply with the otnrdemands of Japan: Officiate in Berlinfcke the po&Ltioa tkat tkinc iqauCQau affects tuw of the war noore than ta& TogoltmA, and tkatthe ultimatum nrt 1m refected.nicate with the man's parents, . wholive in Atlantic City, and the bodywill be held until they are heardfrom.No inquest has been held yet, Coroner Davis being busily engaged inconjunction with the police, in conducting a rigid investigaton upon thetheory of murder and collectng evidence.. - vf hqw frnm return was uuuueu auu viewed ine, 1 i- ,.;. Ttrncs rtrrme-ht body.- Efforts were made to commu-heart disease, which was brougnt j; nniw wiabout by the excessive use or aicohol The above facts can be verifiedby Coroner Davis, Dr. Rankin, JailerFaris, Tom Faris, Patrolmen Kingand Farmer, the negro's brothers,John Ayers and Geo. Ayers.I want to say to the disgruntled,down and outs, who make it theirbusiness to critisize every official actof mine, that I intend to fill theoffice of Chief of Police of Paris theway the law directs that it should befilled and no unfair and maliciouscriticism will keeu me from doing so.However, I am thoroughly respono;v,io fnr -mv official acts and if theydon't suit a certain crowd, let themcomplain to me and not manufacturelies and circulate them maliciouslymerely to get "even." ,FRED LINK,Chief of Police of Paris.j CLlflR ADCE SJJLeNow Going On!SPECIAL OFFERINGLadies' and Misses' SuitsWorth Regularly 320.00 and $25.00$5.00NOWPARISIANS HEARD FROM.L. & N. CHANGES.Mr. Thomas Walker, who has beenstationed in Paris, as Roadmaster ofthis division of the Louisville &Nashville, has been transferred to theLouisville division, -with headquarters in Louisville. Mr. W. O. Chambers, wbp has hejd- the position ofTrainatfer fqir-sfeveral yers- hsusretamd Ut peritfem, to beaeMft.-f-feettVSeptenfber .' It is not.kaowawho wyi 9cc6e;iMiL , 'Hon. Sidney G. Clay received a cablegram from his wife and daughter,at Venice, saying they were safe, butcould not get passage back to America for three 'weeks yet, when theywould come back home. The cablegram did not name the presence there 'of the other members of the party,but the suppositin .is that Mr. andMrs. Jas. H. Thompson and Mr. Jas.Thompson, Jr., were also there. iMrs. Clay and daughter will sailfromvNaple on Sept. 10th, on the S.S. American, and will arrive in NewYork on Sept. 21 ,: : . . - iPic.) to wintmi;. rv'i -rx :' -fcfcfei. Z -a'.i- ui&-I mvw wwiw- yiw, ,w- f Mw tuinr4444t444OF!444444444t444EACHLadies' and Misses' SergeDressesWorth Regularly $7.50 and $10.00J. NOW$3.95EACHThese Suits and DressesWorthy of Your" CarefulInspection.are4N4444444t444.44444444444444tt-'yFRANK & C0.;x&-ThVStd?e V' , T "V 'i" - a t- v . . v rwv'"gyi?M,irm v SS-: jt ,s.V J,ri- -rXV..'"flfl:1 .' kA ' ,. -. -v "irW2&iakA$i?? :'4wrvj.&. j?mp i$" wriVt-alr. V'!'- . 31r.'4THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS KEifmCKY AiJt3fST 2f If 14'P v-u'l'Mt7.L.-v.liatnre Never IntendedWoman to be SicklyAs a matter of fact it isher rigkt and her duty toenjoy perfect health andstrength to be just asstrong and healthyas manDerhaps more so in view ofthe fact that it is she who brings into the world the offspring.Every woman can be strong and healthy. Don't resignyourself to a delicate life.If you suffer from headaches, backaches, nervousness,low spirits, lack of ambition, or have lost all hope of beingwell again it's more than an even chance that you willspeedily regain your health if you will tryDr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription(In Tablet or Liquid Form)This famous remedy is the result of years of patientresearch by a physician who has made women's, peculiarailments a life study.Since its introduction more than forty yeara ago thousands of women in every part of the globe have testifiedto it3 wonderful merits. You, too, will find it beneficial.Try it now. Your dealer in medicines will supply you ocyou can send 50 one-cent stamps for a trial box. AddressV.M. Pierce, M. D., Buffalo, N. Y.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regalate stomach, liver, fcewelK,IF YOU HAVE AHOME TELEPHONEUse It For YourLong Distanceas consistently as you do for your local business. Youcan reach the party you want quickly andjjget efficientservice at reasonablelrates over the jHome Long Distance Lines.If u do not have a Home Telephone now, call theManager's office, 427, for rates and have itjinstalled.Ok Paris fiotm telephone and Cckgrapb Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.5rLEINII-IAN'SCASH SPECIALS!25 pounds Purity Flour 7550 pounds Purity Flour 1.5025 poundslRed Cross Flour 7550 pounds Red Cross Flour .v . 1.5025jpounds Lancaster Flour .6550 pounds Lancaster Flour 1.3017 pounds Magnolia Flour 3525 pounds Magnolia Flour 65Mason Fruit Jars, Rubber, SealingWax, Paraff ine.Stone's Silver Slice Cakes ReceivedFresh Every rDay.T. C. LENIHAN.Cash Grocery.ft Bath Phones 234JPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSunday, AUG. 2375c75cRECREATIONRoundTripMUSIC' RoundTripSCENERYTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 am.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further information.H. C. KING. Passenaer and Ticket Aaent.Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.101 E. Main St.H, JVL HAMILTONVETERINARIANi Office, Clarke's Drug StorePhone 50. Residence phones:Ctafeerland 546, Home 449.JJLRIS, KY.County LiT Bigcfc Twee aefer. -Expert CarriagePainterMr. Percy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has heen employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepa$t 8 yers, has opened a shop at thecorner of Fouth and High Streets,' andplicits the patronage of thoee heeding anythingvittliis line. Jf '. uouL .raeiies 6W. . -,..The'Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Pans, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payahle in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each .issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.'New Word!That new word "leprosarium iswhat might be called, without hesitation, a humdinger. The finest thingabout it is that it sets the patternsfor about a thousand other words wahave been needing, such as whoopingcougharium, spavinarium, shinglearium, ringwormarium, toothachearium, measlearium, mumparium,feverarium, pellagrarium, windcolicarium, hookwormarium, scarletrasharium, yallerjandersarium, etc. Somewords, those!Couldn't Stump Barney.Barney Phelan, Father Healy's servant, was celebrated for his ready wit.One day, while he was serving at dinner, one of the guests said to him:"Barney, why is 'my ankle placed between my knee and my foot?" "Begorra, I dunno," replied Barney; "unness it is to keep your calf from eating your corn."The Knockers and the Koncked.Watch the man the knockers are directing their hammers against. He isaccomplishing something. No manever made any headway without opposition. The further he advancesthe greater the anvil chorus. Failureis always jealous of success. Newton Democrat.What Causes Twilight.Owing to the fact that the earthhas an atmosphere, daylight doesnot disappear whenever the sun sinksbelow the horizon. The rays of thesun still strike the upper regions ofour atmosphere, and thus we havetwilight and the gradual darkening ofthe sky and disappearance of daylightSUMMERCOUGHS AREOUS.DANGER-Summer coughs are dangerous.They indicate low vitality and oftenlead to serious Throat and LungTroubles, including Consumption. Dr.King's New Discovery will relieve thecougr or cold promptly and preventcomplications. It is soothing and. antiseptic and makes you feel better atonce. To delay is dangerous get abottle of Dr. King's New Discovery atonce. Your money back if not satisfied. 50c and $1.00 bottles at yourDruggist.(adv aug.)The Flocking Habit.While man has been defined as agregarious animal, Americans seem tohave the flocking habit more stronglydeveloped than any other people.When there is no public attraction todraw multitudes there are privategatherings. This tendency has donemuch to destroy the home circle as itwas once known. St. Louis Globe-DemocratTHE TWENTY YEAR TEST.. "Some twenty years ago I usedChambelain's Colic, Cholera andDiarrhoea Remedy," writes Geo. W.Brock, publisher of the Enterprise,Aberdeen, Md. "I discovered that itwas a quick and safe cure for diarrhoea. Since then no one can sell meanything said to be 'just as goodDuring all these years I have used itand recommended it many times, andit has never disappointed anyone."For sale by all dealers.(adv aug.)UNIQUE WARNING.The following unique advertisementrecently ' appeared in a Maysville paper: " (Advertisement.), "NOTICE."Mrs. Ingram, you are herebywarned not to put any more poisonson the premises you and I occupy astenants of Mr. Omar Dodson, whichhas already killed eleven of mychickens, as the same is against thelaw and you will be dealt with accordingly. "DANIEL GOTTLIEB."CONSTIPATION CAUSES SICKNESS.4 ','" IN OLD KENTUCKY.- ''Has a Vacation Coming..(Cynthiana Log Cabin.)The editor of the Log Cabin leavesMonday to camp at. High Bridge, thefirst week's vacation he has had inten years.Good Price For Timber.(Hawesville Clarion.)Messrs. Roberts, of Lewisport,bought a 100-acre tract of timber landfrom Ed. Lambert near the countyline. The price paid was $5,000. Thetimber is mostly white oak.He Catches 'em Alive.(Horse Cave Herald.)Price Fisher captured a rattlesnakeon the knob Monday and it wasbrought to the Herald office. Itmeasured three feet and eight inchesand was not in any way injuredwhile being captured.-' la -h METAL SHINGLES I1 AreHasn't Forgotten How.(Eddyville Herald.)Mr. C. C. Cummins, of this city,who was 76 years old last June, triedhis luck on killing rabbits, and at adistance of thirty-four steps killedtwo half grown rabbits in less thanone-half minute and only fired twoshots.Got the Solid Party Vote.(Elkin Times.)Although he received only threevotes in the county, Mr. Vance, Progressive nominee for Senator, enjoysthe distinction of being the only manof any party who ever carried Toddcounty by acclamation, as there wasnot a single vote cast against him.Freak Tobacco P'Jant.(Trenton Progress.)How many farmers aoout Trentonor in Todd county have growing tobacco one year old? Robt. L. Chilesreports such a crop on his farm nearthe city. Mr. Chiles says he canshow you if you doubt it, a tobaccoplant on his place that is fifteenmonths old, having been set in May,1913.Praying" For Rain.)(Owensboro Inquirer.)Quite a number of prayer services.for ram have been held in the drouthsection this year, which calls to minda remark by Rev. Levi Lee, a noted Primitive Baptist minister. Whenit was suggested by his membershipthat he invoke Divine Power to senda shower, he said: "Brethren, I thinkthis a very unfavorable time to prayfor rain; the moon isn't right for it."A Cucumber Farmer.(Paducah News-Democrat.)Out in the Blizzard Pond section ofthe county, which is to the south ofthe city and not far in that direction,Lillard Saitders is running a "cucumber farm;" that is, he has about 200acres of ground in cucumbers. He israising them under contract with theMcKinney Vinegar & Pickle Works,and expects to have fully 2,000 bushels to deliver before he is through,unless the drouth gets entirely awaywith his crop. On Friday Mr. Sanders delivered about eighty bushels ofthe cucumbers, which is his firstgathering.It has just about gotten so that ifa girl is sure that her ears are hiddenshe doesn't worry about anythingelse showing throughThe bartender is the only man whocan mix his drinks and hold his job.Stormproof?'They interlock and overlap in such a way that the hardest driving rain or sifting snow cannot possibly get under them.Besides this they last indefinitely, and never need repairs.Another point They're very reasonable in first cost ; You canlearn all about them fromBEST & HAWKINS, Miilersbprg, Kentucky.&I Bourbon Laundry wDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whayma'de ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes freck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.fcrWeight? Yes. Wait? No.1.2.3.4.5.7.8.HOW CHILDREN GROW,Children grow by nourishment notoverloaded 'stomachs or rich foods butqualities that are readily converted intolife-sustaining blood; too often theirdigestive powers cannot procure thesequalities from ordinary foods which results Iin weakness, dullness and sickness.If your children are under-size, underweight, catch cold easily, are languid,backward, pale or frail, give them Scott'sEmulsion which is pure medicinal nourishment. It sharpens the appetite, buildshealthy flesh, firm muscles and activebrains. Scott's is growing-food forchildren. Refuse alcoholic substitutes.LDon't permit yourself to become;constipated, as your system immediately begins to absorb poison fromthebacked-up waste matter. Use Dr.ICing's New "Life Pills and keep well.There is 'no better safe-guard againstillness. 3ust take -oW dose to-nieht.125c, at'ypur druggist. K ;Headacheis one of the common symptoms of womanly trouble,, andthe cause has to be removedbefore you can rid yourself of itentirely. A medicine that merely kills pain,' does not go to theseat of the trouble, and kill thecause. What you need is awoman's medicine one whichacts directly, yet gently, on thewomanly organs.TAKECarduiThe Woman's TonicAfter having used Cardui,Miss Lillie Gibson, of Chriseman, Texas, writes: "Aboutthree years ago, I was justentering womanhood, and wassick in bed for nearly ninemonths. Sometimes I wouldhave such headaches, and other aches, I could hardly standit. I tried Cardui, and now Iam cured of all my troubles. Ishall praise Cardui as long as Ilive." Cardui is the medicineyou-nM. TtydU - E-60"Now is the time to place your order for your Winter Coalat Summer prices.A FEW REASONS:We buy direct from the mines.We deliver direct from cars to your residence.We own our teams and can11 control deliveries.Our offiice is at the yard and we see that you get the coalyou order.We have no solicitors; you get his commission in the better quality of coal.Every customer is satisfied with our coal delivery and become a booster.We never substitute.Many of our customers were burning the wrong kind ofcoal until advised by us.9. One a customer, always a customer.10. FOX RIDGE COAL is the coal that does the work.Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.Ya:i, SDath Miin St. ' Both Phones 140sztzsmiQxzfjgmkGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAI 137; NIGHT 299. .8 Pans Odorless Cleaning Co. 1ILet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your- clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedito your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c' wOnicklr relievai RhnnmaHsn. Sora Mns.clea, Neuralgia, Backache, Headache andan nuns. 1 our monnv hart if it tails to I ,Il6Y3 anr sche in nnv Tvrfc nf thA bodfifteen minutes time..x-rtce soe, JLt A.U Druggists.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY. ,J42EMUW St, Uxtoitwi, Ky.FOR SALE.One 3-horse-power gas or gasolineEngine. "Will sell cheap. ApplX'toHENRY GROSCHE.vFOR RENTi. Cottage of three roomsSeventh Street. Celltea or m . fi wt.lejto.outone- (adv--ftug'.)v -""v?fti)Jt.&&'&rj?kj&iTftiftMAi&.&V"We?tI1f- Iy'-.-eHm.Jt ssSmmmm .!-T1j'SHiHBVyY.'.VC;Xr'' ..-ONEROPOf IOURI0N POULTRY CUEdovra a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops in thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourton Remedy Co.Iexingtoa.Ij.-'C?i?,t.r2SP'C?aS5SSSSSSSSSSSl"vyf vrlw aI IB BSeBlSSSSSSSSBXSSSl'Wrt5Rthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EvesNotliine is more imtmrtM'nt In thnhome t nan cle.t r. steady light. Insurethis ly firettlnj? the oil that burnsclear and oWn without a flickerd-jwtt to the ln-t drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refiner! to perfection."v"ts no nice than the Inferiort-nkw:vin oils- :aves JIOSEY savesWORK save- eves.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbirrcls direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoil Oil Co.Lexington, Ey.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "So Carb"Auto OiLanjsE'Ti the Creditors ffietrgeAlexander & Co. StateBank.NOTICE .vtThe creditors of the above name(George Alexander & Company StateBank are hereby notified to file theirclaims with the undersigned, verified as required by law, at my officeat the Bourbon Bank & Trust Company's place of business in Paris,Kentucky, on or before September 1,1914; and all depositors of said bankare requested to bring in and leavewith the undersigned their passbooks, in order that they may beposted.BUCKNBR WOODFORDSpecial Deputy Banking Commissioner. (22-Fri 3mos.)Bahati - 'III CLOTHES.Bright Linings, Colored Girdles and Odd StockingsAnent the Costume.LARGE FROCKSIN HIGH FAVOR.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics is-KtZjZutT&sA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence "withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxton Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.I Bios.Barber Shop.Prompt and Courteous Attention to All Patrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.Curtis SOverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank) )3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.Sew Barber ShopCorner Fourth and MainModern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDNEW YORK, Aug. 18.How few women realize the economy of a wisely planned wardrobe. Instead they alow themselves to purchase each garment in a hap-hazardmanner. This is the cause of moreworries, more failures and moreheartaches than women realize.A woman usually receives but little preparation to fit her for managing a home. She takes it for granted that because her mother did it andher. grandmother did it, that she, also,will be able to do it when the timecomes! This same lack of forthought extends to a woman's wardrobe. Clothes she must have, andpretty ones, and she buys regardlessPopular Price ExcursionTo Ciocindati and ReturnSunday, Aug. 23, 1914,$1.50For the Round TripSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a. m., returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m.Natural Bridge,1.50Sunday, Aug. 30TRAIN LEAVES 10 A. M.Low Tound trip Summer Touristtickets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyMay 15, until Sept 30, with final return limit Oct. 31, with very liberalstop-over privileges. For further information call on or addressJ. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.Professional CardsJ. S. Wallingford, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,'Phones 31 PARIS, KY.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.I p rn 136Office Phones Home 13s.E. T. 334.Home 334.CANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.EGRASS9&9sHles-rW--. ?r ; -If vA - r ". 1 y "-r-Jf Oj 1 r"Pi11 .l lllOMCCALI,Bathing and Boating.Free- DANCING -FreeAfternoon and Evening.Music by Schemnel's OrchestraPARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.LVe. Court House. Lve. Station 547:10 a m 7.15 a m7.45 am. 8.00 a m8.15 am 8.30 a m8.45 am 9.00 a m9.15 am . 9.30 a m -9.45 am 10.00 a m10.15 a m 10.30 a m10.45 a m 11.00 a m11.15 am 11.30 a m11.45 a m ' 11.50 a m12; 05 p m 12.15 p m12.45 p m 1.00 p m1.15 p m ' 1.30 p m1.-45 p m v 2.00 p m2.15 p m 2.30 p m2.45 p m 3.00 p m3.15p m 3.30 p m3.45p m ' 4.00 p m4.15 p m . 5.00 p m5.15 p m 5.30 p m5.40 p m 5.50 p m6.05 p m ' ' 6.15 p m6.30 p m 6.40 p mCity Limits Only.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.ResidenceDR. A. H KELIiEB,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis - - " KentuckjLeave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m .3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 m -7:20p m9:10 p mj-11:00 p m'Leave Pariifor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00am9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m6;50 p m8:15 p m,10:05 pm-.-- -?-- - -rnm rjnnr .r.nr '-rjr - . .t r- ?.' ic is a t ji?z v--.rvf.' ,-- A-. "STTZ. a-a,1 --Tte. ',V . - -' -Vffr --.." .- ',' -ZT .-( BkV1.iVii-flf w ifc. . . .- ' f . .. i 1 -. J .- jri' -m--j-i ,- iaml ..1,1 , ... Ii !-,1 &-y?v-A .-,,;-' ' ' . h .v.', &. IIIIHM II H.lll I - 1 " - i fcTiresare Sold at Average PriceBECAUSE Firestone, for years the Largest ExclusiveTire Factory in the world,- lias been again enlarged.Firestone output has jumped 78. per cent.Therefore Firestone quality can be builtat the production cost of ordinary tires.-"5?. .fmtomNon-Skid andSmooth TreadTires500 Mile RaceAgain Proves the GreaterMileage in Firestone TiresBarney Oldfield, on FirestoneTires, captured the AmericanHonors in the International Sweepstakes, Indianapolis, May 30th.His average speed for Che 500miles was 78.15 miles per hour.He made only three changes,while some drivers, not using Firestones but who finished in themoney, changed tires thirteen andfourteen times. Two of Oldfield'sFirestones went through unchanged. This record with the winning ofFirst place in 1911 and First andSecond place in 1913 by Firestones, in this world test of tires,should be a clear tire buying guideto you.L.are made by Specialists. No scattered energy.No divided overhead. All working on safety,comfort and mileage for you.Concentration counts and the law ofspecialized service is for the buyer's benefit.' Firestones are sold for what under lessfortunate factqry conditions others areforced to charge for ordinary tires.Therefore, trained motoristslooking for more quality for thesame money buy only Firestones.Your dealer has them or will get them promptly.Firestone Tire and Rubber Company"America' a Largest Exclusive Tire and Rim Makers"213-215 East Eighth Street, Cincinnati, O.ffice and Factory: Akron, 0. Branches and Dealers EveryK ---JL ,,, IJ2L Home Office and Factory: Akron, 0. Branches and Dealers Everywhere W.seamed except under the arm. Thelower line of the waist is conservatively long, fitting closely over askirt with a snug-fitting long tunic.The pleated lower section of thisskirt gives ample fulness. To finishthe smart stand-a-way collar is a narrow, black moire ribbon tie, withflowing ends. The large hat in sailoreffect is well suited to the costumewith which it is worn, and accentsthe trimly picturesque effect of thecostume.The day-time dresses are often solow-cut that they seem most incon-1sistent to those brought up to theidea that decollete gowns should notbe worn until after six o'clock, anymore than a man's dress suit shouldbe worn before then. But the waysof arriving at these low neck dressesare like observing the letter of theA Striking Dress with Basque Waistand Long Tunic Skirtof whether or not, a thing is suitedto her particular style or figure.Some special occasions arises whichrequires a gown, lacking in her wardrob'e. Thereupon she rushes fromshop toyshop, finally buying (as hertime is limited) something whichcosts more than she intended. Thedress has to be altered; this again depletes her pocket book,! and as afinale she realizes that the hastilybought, hastily altered gown, did 1fairly well for which she bought it,but it is too elaborate for some occasions, too perishable for economy,and last, but not least, that it doesnot suit her style.Another, insidious, deceitful andcrafty enemy to the proper wardrobeand to that feeling of well beingwhich is associated .with beingsmartly and suitably gowned, is theunwise use of the bargain counter.Its temptations are responsible formany an ill-chosen outfit. " Moneythat should be saved for some reallygood thing is spent on somethingwhic"h is cheap, but has no value in'the specific wardrobe. It may be acollar which is worth 50 cents andyou get it for 35, but you have nodress with which to wear it; it maybe a belt that is not appropriate or apair of shoes the wrong color, or anarray of conspicious stockings whenthe frocks and shoes to suit are lacking. Colors, fabrics, and accessoriesare constantly changing, and thetemptation of getting something forlittle or nothing is a feminine characteristic much catered to by the wilystorekeeper wishing to get rid of hisstock.In other, and shorter words, system and thought must be applied tothe wardrobe. The few absolutelynecessary clothes, suited to the occasions which your position in lifecalls for, are all that the well-dressedwoman's wardrobe should contain;then, when the styles chailge, youyou are not forced to wear out-of-datefrocks.In every gathering of well-dressedwomen, mingling freely, unobtrusivelywith coy gravity, among tne loose kimono styles, is the basque of 1880.Not quite so tight to bes ure, butwith seamed and fitted back, andbuttoning snugly down the front.Wine colored poplm is used for theattractive model illustrated, withi97Tte McCAU::cape coat, or in the development ofthe embroidered afternoon dress,there is no more striking costumethan the all-white shoes, white glovesand even white veil.The long straight tunic has takena prominent place with the overwaists and long-waists, in taffeta,satin, lace and net. The second illustration shows a late summer dressof white taffeta and Margot lace withcraquele net top. This net ,is madeof fine thread in an irregular mesh,which reminds one of the crackle onold porcelain or Chinese pottery, andis extremely good in the net top lacesso extremely fashionable this season. JThe yoke to this dress is of the Mar-got lace with the sleeves of the plaineraquele net. A wide plaited flounce' 0of Margot edged craquete net is at-tached to a taffeta yoke. The over- Jwaist is of taffeta and has extendedfronts which tie in the back like thesash ends of. a child's old-fashioned Jpinafore. The under skirt is also oftaffeta. A cunning little toque en-tirely covered with flowers and having a white wing standing saucily upright, in the front, gives a touch ofimperious charm to the costume.Black or white, and black andwhite are worn considerably by thesmartest dressed women. In fact, thelate summer proves to have a growing fondness for the magpie colors.Looking up and down Fifth Avenueone sees a dotting of black and whitewth just enough color thrown in toadd spice to an otherwise monotonyof color.. Wide crushed girdles, buttoning upthe back or front, give the basqueeffect to a dress, and are decidedlythe rage. In silk, or in the samecloth as the dress, they are effective. .As an addition to the old dress which jneeds a new touch to bring it up-to-date they are excellent. A straightwide belt of mpire is an excellent addition to your white frock of crepe orof organdy.As a last addition to the summerclothes are white silk stockings withsprays of flowers painted on the frontextending up five or six inches fromthe instep. In wild roses, pink oryellow, these are dainty to wear withwhite pumps and sheer organdy ornet dresses.One of the secrets of being welldressed in the hot summer weathersis to be alweys' immaculate. With afreshly laundered frock, white shoesand a becoming hat the. day may bebrings weal or woe.THE NEW FIRM! IW.O.HONImsALL KINDS OFINSURANCEOld, Reliable, Prompt Paying Companies.mWOMAN INBAD CONDITIONMargot Lace Edging Craquele Net isUsed to Develop this Charming Frocklaw. The satin slip is cut very low,but it is worn with long sleeved bodice of lace or maline, thin and transparent, which is cut high enough,however, to coyer the collar bone.Although color is conspicuous inSalmon Fisherman Well Paid..Salmon fishermen in British Columbia earn $15 a day, and in some instances when the catch is exceptionally good as much as $25 a day.THREE NEW SONGS.-We have received three new songsby Mrs. Carrie Jacobs-Bond, the em:inent song-writer, author of "A Perfect Day" and many other splendidsongs. These songs are "A HundredYears From Now," Compensation."and "Life's Garden."Restored To Health by LydiE. Pinkham's Vegeta- , yble Compound. t?Montpelier, Vt "We nare greatfaith in your remedies. I was very up- "regular and illtired and sleepy-allthe time, would haycold chills, and warhands and feet woawf -bloat. My storoad!i; bothered ne, I bad;jj$ pain in my side.aadia bad neadacne bmmof the time. LydfeE. Pinkham's Veftable CompooM a'done me lots o fdoi .and I now feel fine. I am regular; ystomach is better and my paini hare allleft me. You can use my mWif yoa .like. I am proud of. what jwc remedies have done for me." Mrs. Ma,Gauthier, 21 Eidge St., MootpeHer,VfcAn Honest Dependable XMfcisWIt mustbe admitted by efery. fairminded, intelligent person, that a mcbVcine could hoi: live and arrow is aocolaritaffor nearly forty years, and to-4ey hoJV 4ja record for thousands upper tiMwaanaa.of actual cures, as has Lydkh . Pink"r ham's Vegetable Compound, withottCpossessing great virtue and actotfi.worth. Such medicines Must be looked:H!!ih v iM&K !pn03af x""S4ilisifVSYcollars and cuffs ofc white satin. The J .the sash, stockings and, hat of theThpv nro the most" artistic niecesof music ever issued. The words , upon and termed both standardare exquisite, and the music is good, dependable by every thinking:, personnlpnsine- and pasv. - . . - . . -- .3Mr. R. DeRoode, music dealer, of y nne,slga!e!ia1'Iiexington, Ky., mailed us these that IjydiaE.Pinkham's Veseta-songs .with the composer's compli- ble Compound will help you,ments. The retail price of each song toLvdia.'R.PinlchamMedielme?n tlfL,,: DhaV,X (confidential)!, M,fr,an iuu3io ui- xicij- yiivu) -w-s .- --the cost of each song onlythirty ' yce. xour xerccjc rxixreaana amswerea syait a tit . i .. .n .,.,- .i via - i, . nnoir i Tirrea.n nur. riiR.ironta are ,tm- Leiiuis cusmme. m lii iJiiiuti ui iuc ucuia. .i - . ' tJ J. WIX.L.IAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-2oont1 Blk SuiWin.imstkrt.VTr"3ffu' , "B3CS3tHE BOt?fc0Htxr3"" v r4"?.- -.?- ji.bt'w, V"mi -?.3I -.j,-."It'!Kn.lit A4.if'v.rruKVThe Bourbon News!petoWithed 188132 YMrs of Continouous Publication.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.DEMOCRATIC TICKETBEATHSTor SenatorJ. C. W. BECKHAM(Long Term)JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term).For CongressJ. CAMPBELL CANTRILL.MR. HENRY A POWER TELLSCAUSEJS OF FOOD COSTS.That the wholesalers are not responsible for the sensational advances in prices of foodstuffs followingthe war scare in Europe and that theadvance in the cost of necessities is-wholly due to natural causes, is theopinion advanced by Mr. Henry A.Power, head of the Pdwer GroceryCo., of Paris. Mr. Power says. "Natural causes led to an advance of one--halfto one cent a pound, the peopleall seemed to go crazy on the subjectof sugar. Wholesale grocers tried tobuy train loads. Retailers who usually by a barrel or two, bought carload. Many people outside the regular grocery channels began to speculate in sugar. They borrowed money and strained their credit to buysugar hefore it went higher. Last,hut nt least in influencing the market, was the American housewife,who crowded the grocery stores inthe large cities and smaller centers,Tan over each other, tore the clothesoff each other to get to the sugarcounters to spend their money forsugar.'The consequence was that theAmerican sugar refiners found themselves unable to supply the demandand advanced the price from day today. If the people had bought saltthe same way, it would have advanced in proportion. There is plenty ofsugar to go around and ft is a useless expense for President Wilson tospend the people's money investigating the cause of the advance. 7n theend, the law of supply and demand-will regulate the price."We will have a Jarge crop of beetand cane sugar in the United Statesand Cuba has a large crop of sugarto market this fall."On the first of next March onethird of the tariff will come off andafter March 1, 1916, sugar will be onthe free list. 'What goes up mustcome down,' and one of these days wewill see the decline as sensational aslias been ths advance."England at present is compelledto seek her supply of sugar in Cubaor the United. States until her merchant marine can operate with safetyin 'other sugar producing countriesof the world."If this state of affairs continueswe can't expect much lower pricesuntil new crop of sugars are available about the latter part of October."'FOWLER. -Mrs. Elizabeth Ann Fowler, aged75. years, died Wednesday morningfrom the infirmaties of old age, at herhome near Clintonville. Mrs. Fowleris survived by her husband, Mr. OscarJ. -Fowler, one daughter, Mrs. Gorham, and three sons, Messrs. SteveJohn and Ben Fowler, all of BourbonCounty. - She was the daughter of thelate John Bealert.Funeral services were conducted atthe grave in the Clintonville cemetery, Thursday afternoon at 4 o'clock,by Rev. Mr. Fitzpatrick, of Lexington, assisted by Rev. R. Ellett and Mr.J. N. Shropshire, of Clintonville. Thepall-bearers will be Albert Thompson,Harland Kennedy, Letcher Weathers,Dr. W- C. Worthington, James A. Liter and George Jones.PALMgR.Mrs. America Palmer, widow ofthe late Robert Palmer, for years oneof the well-known farmers of theShawhan 'precinct, died at midnight,Tuesday at her home near Shawhan,after an illnes of some months dueto the infirmities of old age.Mrs. Palmer had been in declininghealth for some time, and had beenunder the tender care of her nieces,Mrs. James Tate, of Shawhan; Mrs.Mary Bell, of Lexington; Mrs. America Payne, of Cynthiana,. and Mrs.Harriet Duvall, of Paris, who are hernearest living relativesChariton Alexander; of this eity Afrs.Frank Woodall, of Covington, andMessrs. Hal and Kelley rBrentqt'Kansas' City, Mo. He was. also,abrother of the late C. S. Brent, ofLexington. Mr. Brent is survived bysix children Mr. C. S. Brent, of Louisville; Mrs. RTchard Ernst, of Covington; Mr. Sprlgg Brent, of Covington;-Mr. John Brent, of Denver, Col.;Mr. Will Brent, of Cincinnati, andMrs. McDowell Brent, of Covington.The body will arrive in Paris onthe 10:24 train from Cincinnati, Saturday morning and will be taken tothe Paris cemetery, where the interment will take place in the familylot.LOOK! LOOK!1.50 greenat v ?4.50,Think of it $8.00 andVnd brown Porch Chairs,while they last.(7-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.STATE MEETING OF ELKS.'I',1 I.I" "' .'I, ' i If !MATRIMUNIALA 'marriage license was issuedWednesday from Crerk ParcePaton's' office to Mr. W. H. Rogersand Miss Bessie May Newman, bothof this city.' ' MORGAN MEN REUNIONBIRTHS.The State Elks' Association, atGeorgetown, Wednesday morning,elected State officers for the comingyear and selected Owensboro as itsnext meeting place.The meeting was called to order byPresident Fred O. Neutezel, of Louisville, who made the customary address and after reports were made bythe various officers and the. Committee on Credentials, the following officers were elected:President, Gordon Sulzer, vof Maysville; First Vice President, WilliamWallbrecht, of Middlesboro; SecondVrP President. L. E. Lavissor, of Cov-Tne funeral will be neid at tne late yce president, L. E. Lavissor, of Uovresidence of the deceased this morn- Downing, of Georgetown; Treasurer,ing at 10 o'clock. The services will q. l Freeman, of Fulton. William J.be conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, of j O'Brien, of Owensboro, was re-elect-theNParis Christian Church. The ! 0a QPPrAtarv As is the custom ofIn Bourbon, last week, to thewife of Mr. John Parrish, a sontenth born.In Paris, Thursday night, to thewife of Mr. Warder Anderson, on Parrish avenue, a son third born.In this city, on Saturday, Aug.15, to the wife of Mr. Robert Cain,nee Wingate, a 10-pound son RogerJames second born, second son.At Renova, Pa., on Aug. 16th, tothe wife of Mr. Harry Friel, formerlyMiss Marie Livingston, of this city,a boy.The Morgan's Men Association,composed of the-veterans who foughtunder General John Hunt Morgan,gallant cavalry leader of the Confederacy, will hold its annual reunion atOlympian Springs, Sept. 1, 2, and 3,and the Olympian Springs Hotel hasgiven the veterans a rate of $2 a dayfor the occasion. Reduced rates alsowill be given by the Chesapeake &Ohio Railway, but just what ths railroad fare will be has not been announced. Last year the reunion was' held atOlympian Springs and about seventyfive of the survivors of Morgan's gallant' men were in attendance, besidestheir wives, daughters and other relatives and many of their friendsThe veterans enjoyed themselves sowell that they decided unanimouslyto return to the Springs for the reunion of 1914. Secretary Horace M.Taylor, of the association, is workingon the program for the meeting whichwill be announced soon.PROMPT PAYMENTMrs. S. M. Turpin, widow of thelate Constable S. M. Turpin, of theParis precinct, who was shot and instantly killed a few weeks ago 'byRidley Reed, colored, while acting asa special officer, has received acheck for $250 as benefits from theJunior Order of American Mechanics,of which, he was a prominent member.burial will take place on the family i f1ip nrtpr the Tetiring president, Mr.'Neutzel, was elected a life memberof the association. D. R. Freeman, ofRichmond, was re-elected a memberthe Executive Committee tor tnreelot in the Paris cemetery.SMITH.Mrs. Mary Elizabeth Smith, wifeof Dr. F. M. Smith, died Wednesday i years Grant Roberts, of Frankfort,afternoon at 3:40 o'clock at their '.-' pd as a member of the Execu-home in Dover, Mason County, of con- tjye committee. The two unexpiredsumption. i years of his term will be filled byDeceased was born in Millersburg, nonr(ro t, Barnes, of FrankfortKy., Sept. 23, 1851, and was the eld-,est daughter of the late Robt. Tabb rand Elizabeth Collier tfabb.A QUARTER FOUND.?L00's worth at Winters' now for75c (tf)She was married to Dr. F. M. Smithat Blue Lick Springs, then the homeof her parents, January 24, 1878. Herhusband and three children survive,as follows: Austin Smith, cashier ofthe Monroe, Ohio, National Bank;Freeman Smith, employed in theFirst National Bank at Cincinnati,and Miss Ethleen Smith; also one sister, Mres. J . J. Gon.Funeral services will take placethis afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, at herlate home in Dover. Burial will bein Rosemont Cemetery in Dover.BRENT.Mr. Hugh I. Brent, of Covington,a native of Paris, died at the home ofhis daughter, Mrs. McDowell Brent,in that city, Wednesday morning, asthe result of paralysis, from which hehad been a sufferer for a long time.Mr. Brent was the eldest child ofMr. and Mrs. Chas. S. Brent, of Paris.He had been in his usual health Wednesday morning, barring his affliction,and had been reading a paper just hefore breakfast. His death, thoughsudden, was not unexpected.Mrs. Brent was the brother of Mrs.WILL ERECT COTTAGE.Mrs. 'George Stuart has begun workon the foundation for a one-story,twelve-room brick lodging house,which will be erected at the corner ofPleasant and Tenth streets. Thenew building will take up the wholelot, and will be designed for the especial use of railroad men.NOTICE TO WATER CONSUMER Owing to the drouth I arncompelled ask all consumersto economize as much as possible. Please do not use hoseon yards or street, flowerscan be watered, as they needbut a small amount.Respectfully,NEWTON MITCHELL,Superintendent."BILL" SCHOOLER NOMINATED."Hon7' William F. Schooler, popularly known as "Uncle Bill," one ofthe Mt. Sterng Gazette's originalcompositors and a native and formany years a resident of that city,has been nominated by the Progressives as their candidate for the Legislature from Sandusky County, Ohio."Uncle Bill' has. been making hishome in Ohio for several years, claiming Fermont as his domicile, and ifmeager reports that occasionally siftto his old home town can be takenfor anything he is certainly makinggood in the Buckeye State. Heis a man of fine ability and Sanduskycounty could do much worse in selecting her representative in theState Legislature. Mr. Scooler'smany old friends will watch with interest the outcome in November.SAVE ONE-FOURTHGet fine values at Winters' $1.00worth for 75c. tfQUARLES' CAMP MEETING.Rev. Quarles, the colored evangelist, will hold one of his famous campmeetings at the Paris Fair Groundson next Sunday. Everybody invited,(adv-lt)FOIWCMMIWAKYv.' .- We havVreof a copy o( thecatalogue of thfc FUnk Semfmary, Lagrange, Ky., of -which Prof. w. lDawsoif formerly of Paris, is theSuperintendent. Funk Seminary is a.consolidation of the Lagrange GradedSchool and7 the Oidham County HighSchool. .The school ranks very high,as an educational institution, and Usfaculty is composed of some of theleading educators of that section.Prof. Dawson is one of the bestknown and most competent educators in the State. He has lately returned from Trappe, Maryland, wnerehe spends his vacation days.JUDGE SHACKLEFORD A CANDIDATE FOR CIRCUIT JUDGEJudge W. Rhodes Shackleford, ofMadison county, is a candidate forthe Democratic nomination for Circuit Judge of his district, opposingCircuit Judge J. H. Benton, of Winchester, the present incumbentJudge Shackleford is now serving asCounty Judge of Madison county, andis one of the most popular officials inhis "district. He is well known inParis, having married Miss AnnieClay, daughter of the late Hon.Cassius M. Clay, of Bourbon.BIG SAVING.HOSPITAL NOTES.BUY NOW.You save 25 per cent, off by buying from Winters' now. (tf )DECREASE IN OUTPUT OFKENTUCK WHISKY.Kentucky is to make very littlewhisky for the season of 1914-1915.This is the understanding reached ata meeting of Kentucky distillers heldrecently in Louisville.. As a matter of fact, each individualpresent notified the chairman of themeeting, 'D. L. Johnson, of Cincinnati, that he proposed to produce thisseason 50 per cent, or less of his average crop for the five seasons from1910 to 1914, inclusive.It was estimated that perhaps 90per cent, of the State's capacity wasrepresented at the meeting, whichwas an enthusiastic one.Miss Boehm has returned from hervacation trip in the East and has taken charge of the hospital.Mrs. James Woodford was broughtto the institution Wednesday fortreat for uramic poisoning.Mr. William Pence, of the NorthMiddletown vicinity, is a patient atthe Hospital, suffering form typhoidfever. .One of the patient sufferers at theHospital is Miss Stella Price, of theEast Tennessee Telephone Co.'s operating force, who is holding her ownbravely.A little child of Mr. and Mrs.Frank Collier was operated on foradenoids and is doing nicely.JACK BERRYMORE SOLD.Jack Berrymore, champion saddlegelding of the United States, wassold Wednesday by Matlack & Shropshire, of Winchester, to H. B. Thornberry, millionaire horesman, of California, for $5,000. Matlack & Shropshire will retain possession of thehorse until after the Kansas CityAmerican Royal Horse Show, to beheld in October.Tremendous saving on all GasStoves and Ranges during the monthof August. Come early and get thepick.(7-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.3WE KEEP! SPONGESPUBLIC NOTICE.Two-thirds of the people of Parisuse hydrant water for drinking purposes. The less water in Stoner thegreater the probability of pollution.Do not use it extravagantly. It is better to sacrifice the be'auty of thelawn or the fruitfulness of the gardenthan to chance a human life,'(tf) A.. H. KELLER, Health Officer.IThe little bits of Barber Sponges; the middlesize Bath Sponges; thegreat big Wagon Sponges. See that you alwayshave a good Spongearound in summer forcleaning purposes. Theuses of sponges are endless and vary from washing the windows to bailing out the boat.The unbleached Sponges are what you want forrough work. The lightcolored ones are bleached;the dark ones are not.We sell a good generalutility sponge for 25c.Bath sponges from 10cup.Peoples PharmacyPARIS, KY.999m9999999999m99m999995 Doyle Building- Sth and Main.t "Watch Our Windows.". H WHEELRMil K 111JT uiil AilITURE CO-Eighth and Main Streets, Will Have A-CASHwuiBeginning Saturday, Aug. 1 5. Ending Sept. 1WE CAN CROWabout the quality of our furniture forthe reason that it is the very highestas regards material, design and workmanship. We furnish every room inthe house neatly, thoroughly andhandsomely, and guarantee every article. We have a choice selection ofCarpets, Rugs and Mattings, and youwill find our prices acceptable to yourideas of economy.Matting per yard, 20c.27x72 inch Rugs, 90c.36x72 inch Rugs, $2.75.8x10 Crex Rugs, $6.00.6x9 Crex Rugs, $5.00.9x12 Wool Rugs, $9.90.9x12 Matting Rugs, $2.50.A CARPET CONVERSATION v-.We invite you to call and inspectour new consignment of new patternsin high-grade Carpets and Rugs.There are some strikingly original designs and most ieautiful colorings,and they are just the grade of Carpet that wears longest and preservesits pattern and shade for years.When you have satisfied yourself ofthe qualities the low prices will surprise you.Brussels 45c yard.All-wool Ingrains, 60c yard.Wool Ingrains, 45c yard.Sultana Ingrains, 28c yard.Rugs, 9x12 Axmnster, $19.00.Rugs, 9x12 Brussels, $8.50.The Comfort of A Morns Chairhas to be experienced to be appreciated. Come and try those in thisfurniture store. See how many positions they can assume to suit yourmood and comfort. Buy one and itwill become the most popular chairin the house. You'll be gladder youbought it every time you rest in it.Genuine Leather Morrs Chair, $15.Goss Lamp, $4.00.Center 'Tables, 75c.Center Tables, $1.00.Center Tables, $2.00.v Center Tables', $4.00.Pedistals Center Table $5.00.A SURPRISEin handsome furniture is one of theimost agreeable surprises that delightsthe mistress of a liome, especially insuch new, beautiful designs in mahogany, marquetry carved oak and giltfurinture, rockers, chiffoniers, etc.,which are displayed in such elegantprofusion and sold at prices that defycompettion at E. M. Wheeler Furniture Co:'s, Robneel building. We deliver the goods anywhere.WE ARE ROLLING ALONGin great style with our Carpet tradeand every sale makes us new friends.We are now showing a splendid variety of exquisite designs in ParlorCarpets, Slair Carpetings, Rugs, Mattings and Linoleums. We have, illfact, every thing in the way of floorcovering from the attic down to thebasement, and o'ur prices are as lowas the qualities are high., Printed Linoleum, 50c.yard.Inlaid Linoleum, 95c yard. xTace Curtains, 75c pair, on' up to15c yard. 'Muslin and Georgia Cloth, 15c yard.c411 Goods will Be Marked to the PublicAt 25 Cents Of fOn Every" Dollar. Nothing Charged.EJLWheeleri-4 v"3 ju'(.-n a -r6 , -'JhJr.-,.r'-. i."a.5S,-feaT ' t1I3HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEEVERYTHING BUT DIAMONDS GO.. Go to Winters' for bargains. Everything reduced but diamonds. tfTHE SUMMER DRINK.'The famous Welche's Grape Juicethe best in the world.C. P. COOK 8z CO.JIM ALLEN'S LATEST."Latest war bulletin: The Cynthiana cruisesrs are reported to havesunk a number of German schoonersat Parisl" Cynthiana Democrat.EXCURSION WELL PATRONIZED.The rail and boat excursion givenfrom Paris to Frankfort Wednesdayby the Baracra Class of the BaptistChurch, was well patronized. Everyone enjoyed the trip immensely.SAFETY FIRST.Better be safe than worry safetyis in buying a suit that is well tailored. Yoy will find that kind here.J. W. DAVIS & CO.BOLALA WINS BIG PURSE.Turney Bros.' three-year-old racer,Bolala, won the sixth race of the dayat the Windsor, Canada, track, Monday. The race was wor,th $600 to thewinner.COL CLAY SLIGHTLY INJURED.While seated in the workshop athis home on the Cynthiana pike, Monday, Col. E. F. Clay lost his balanceand fell over backward, sustainingslight injuries. He will be confinedto ins bed for a few days.TEACHERS' INSTITUTE.?-.Prof. A. F. McKinzie, of State University, will be the instructor of theBourbon County Teachers' Institute,which will be held in Paris, August31, and continuing five days.THE BEST ONLY.Nothing but good goods at Winters'. VAGRANTS WARNED.Seven negro men who were broughtbefore County Judge McMillan on acharge of vagrancy were given astiff lecture and warned that if theydid not get work by Monday theywould be made to labor for the gooddf the county, by fracturing big onesinto little ones at the County Workhouse. APPOINTED ADMINISTRATRIX.Mrs. Anna Sagaser Lancaster, widow of, the late Howard Lancaster, hasbeen appointed by County Judge C.A. McMillan as administratrix of herhusbandvs estate. Mrs. Lancasterqualified with Mr. Charles Lancasteras surety in the sum of 1,000. vSAVE MONEY.Look at Winters' prices before buying anything nice in his line 25 percent off $1.00. (tf)DID YOU SEE THE 'CLIPSE?, Early risers who had hoped to witness the partial eclipse of the sun inthis section this morning were disappointetd, as the celestial phenomenawas overcast by 'increasing qloudiness. Had the sky been clear theeelipse would have been visible forthirty minutes. The sun rose thismorning at 5:27, but did not get achance to have his display put on.PARIS MAN IN TROUBLEThe Winchester Sun says: "Ed.Speers, the 17-year-old boy from Paris, who caused so much excitementSunday afternoon by driving up anddown Main street at an excessivespeed, had a warrant served on himTuesday. Chief McCord swore outthe warrant here and sent ito Paristo be served."In the Winchester Police Courtyoung Spears was fined 10 andcosts.CHOICE 50 CENTS.Before we feed them to the cowschoice of any straw hat in the house50 cents. Knox $4.00 and 5.00 hatsin this sale.J. W. DAVIS & CO.BANK BUILDING BEINGREMODELED.The large business room in therear of the Deposit and Peopes' Bankrecently vacated by Mr. Frank Remington, is being remodeled and adapted to the uses of the bank. The bigfire-proof vaults will be moved to therear of the building, also the directors' room. When the work is completed it will give the bank peoplea valuable addition for the transaction of their business.$1.00 FOR 75 CENTS.Winters' fine values $1.00's worthfor 75cT (tf)BIBLE SCHOOL CONVENTIONaMany persons are planning to attend the convention of the Sundayschools of the Christian churches ofBourbon county, to be held to-day atthe Mt. Carmel Church. Speakers ofwide reputation will take pajt on theprogram, among them being severalSunday school workers, Rev. McLean,of Cincinnati, and Mrs. Frances E.Beauchamp, State President of theW. C. T. U. Many will go to themeeting in automobiles or other conveyances, but those who desire to doso'-can go on the train to Shawhan,arrangements having been made tomQfif fiiom a-nft rrrv them to theand a, halfchurch, wnicn is twumilAB fliittant.-2H5HBS5ftWsUftPEMItMr. Robert Link, Jr., has returned from a visit to friends in Winchester. Mrs. Neal Parke and childrennave returned from Crab Orchard Isprings.Misses Avl and Hattie Neal arevisiting friends in Georgetown andFrankfort.Miss Elise Varden has as guestnar cousin, miss Irma Bishop, ofLexington.Superintendent W. H. Anderson,of the L. & N. is taking a ten-days'vacation at Torrent.Mr. Eli B. Friedman is a guestof his grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. M.Baerlo, in Cincinnati.Misses Elizabeth and LouiseChaney are visiting their aunt, Mrs.Geo. Motch, in Carlisle.Miss Mary B. Walker has return-ed to her home in Louisville, after avisit to her brother, Mr. ThomasWalker, of the L. & N.Mr. and Mrs. Clyde Huffman areat home after a visit to Mrs. Huffman's parents, in Mt. Vernon, Ky.Mr. Lawrence Lavin, of Paris, isthe guest of his aunt, Mrs. MargaretSullivan, for a week, in Lexington.Misses Gladys and Edna Snapphave returned from an extended visitto relatives near Blue Lick Springs.Miss Lillian Mason has, returnedto her home near North Middletown,after a visit to friends in Lexington.Miss Bessie Munich, of HydePark, Cincinnati, is a guest of heraunt, Mrs. Max Munich, on Eighthstreet.Mrs. R. C. Ellis and son, Thornton Ellis, of Dayton, O., are guests ofMrs. Nellie Highland, at "Howardhaven." Miss Lucile Price is in Chicago,where she will visit her aunt, Mrs.Lilleenfeld, and resumed her studisin music.Miss Ida Motch has returned toher home in Carlisle after a visit to jMrs. Edward Chaney, on Mt. Airy JAvenue.Mrs. -Raymond Dora and littlegilr, of Maysville, are visiting Mrs.Mary Bradley and family, on HigginsAvenue.Miss Pansy Dean has returned toher home in Louisville, after a visitto Miss Mabel Schnapp, on Henderson street.Mrs. Mayme Wilmoth Ditchen, ofChicago, is a guest of her mother,Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth and family, onHouston Avenue.Prof, and Mrs. Robt. Hinton andbabe, of Georgetown, are guests ofthe former's parents, Mr. and Mrs. W.M. Hinton, Sr.Mrs. A. D. Tadlock, of Augusta,Ky., is a guest of her son, Mr. Thornwell Tadlock, and other realtives inBourbon county.Miss Mary Ashcraft, who hasbeen a guest of Mrs! Mary Mattox onSeventh street, has returned to herhome in Cynthiana.Miss Lillie Day has returned toher home in Louisville after a weeks'visit to Mr. J. C. Day and family, onthe Clay and Hiser pike.Messrs. Ireland Davis and Lucien Arnsparger will give a dance atthe Masonic Temple to-night, theWright Saxaphone Triov of Lexington, furnishing the music.Mr. and Mrs. Rogers Clark, whorecently .removed to Paris from Madlsonville, have taken apartments inthe Doyle building, on Main street.Mrs. Newton. Clark will reside withthem.A prominent visitor in this cityTuesday was Prof. F. C. Button,State Superintendent of RuralSchools, who was attending the sessions of the Colored Teachers' Institute. .The new Secretary of the ParisY, M. C. A., Mr. Earl Mast, accompanied by his wife and little son,Rigby, returned from Cincinnati thisweek, and have taken rooms temporarily with Miss Maria Tipton onHigh street.Mrs. George Wilder's guests foran enjoyable visit are Mrs. Faheyand daughter, of Birmingham, Ala.,and Mrs. Roeer Vauehn and twodaughters, of New Smyrna, Florida,and Mrs. Hafer, of Decatur, Ala.The party paid a visit "to the noted"Elmendorf" farm near Lexington,yesterdayMiss Lucinda Patton, of LittleRock, was the guest of honor .at alawn party given-by Miss ThelmaSquires, at her country home. Theguests of the occasion were: MissesLucinda Patton, Lucile Levain, Made Saloshin, Ann Meglone, VirginiaThompson, Louise Wright .and StellaBrannon; Messrs. Paul Thompson,Albert Wright and Freeman Ashurst.Mr. P. NippertSr., was host several days this week to his nephew.Prof. Charles Remlinge, Professor ofLanguages in the University of Seattle, Washington, who was enroutefrom. Seattle to Lakeside, near Cleveland, Ohio, where his wife has beenspending the summer. Prof. Hemlinge, who is a native of France, hasserved six years in the French armyin Algiers. After being honorablydischarged from the service he cameto the United States, where he became naturalized and permanentlylocated. Mr. Hemlinge is an accomplished linguist, speaking and teaching eight or ten different .languages.Mr. Hemlinge was very favorably impressed with Paris, and was especially pleased with the appearance of.the country surrounding it.The Lexington Leader of Tuesday, says: '"In a motor car party who visitedhere Monday were Misses MargaretGlassell, of Shreveport, La.; MargaretWillis, of Winchester; Mary andFrances Clay, Mrs. Lou Taylor, Mr.and Mrs. W. W. Mitchell, Mr. andMrs. H. B. Clay, Mr. J. F. Clay, Mrs.John Lyle, of Paris; Judge and Mrs.Charles McMillan, and Messrs. Johnand Turney Clay, of Paris, and Mr.J. E..Buckner, of Nashville, Tenn.The trip, which was arranged inhonor of Miss Glassell and MissWillis, guests of the Misses Clay, wasto Frankfort with stops at Elmdorfand Lexington. They spent the afternoon visiting places o- interest inFrankfort, returning to Lexington for99Edinner thePhqeiiix Hotelr-makingthe trip? home" late in-theVveaing."Miss Marttia 9helbyr of-Danville,is visiting friendsin ris. g ,Miss Anita ""Wilson -returned-Thursday from a visit to relatives fnMaysville.Mrs. E. H. Houston and son wereguests of friends in Paris, Wednesdayand Thursday.Mrs. Robt. Wilson, of California,Ky., is a guest of her mother, Mrs.Amanda Mastin.Miss Sidney White has returnedto her home in Danville after a visitto friends in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Bashfordand son, Ernest Wright Bashford, ofSt. Louis, are guests at the home ofMr. and Mrs. Henry A. Power.Misses Ada Wilson, of WalnutHills, Cincinnati, and Katherine Patrick, of Hartwell, O., are guests ofMisses Marion and Charlotte Cram.Mr. and, Mrs. O. L.Davis, Mrs.R. J. Neely fand Mr. Geo. W. Davismotored to Danville, Monday, andspent the day with Dr. and Mrs. F.J. Cheek and mother, Mrs. Mary D.Ingels.Sherman Stivers, editor of theFarm Journal of the Lexington Herald, passed through Winchester lastweek en rote to Swango Springs, inWolfe County. Mr. Stivers is a favorite with everyone in the newspaper field, and the farmers of theState, especially the Blue Grass, havelearned to put great faith in his writings pertaining to the farm. Winchester Democrat.Capt. and Mrs. Baker and son,Mr. William Baker, of Springfield,111., -whoa re guests of Col. and Mrs.E. F. Clay, at "Runnymede," and ofMr. and Mrs. John F. Davis, on Vinestreet, were entertained Thursdayevening by Mr. an6 Mrs. Davis withan auction bridge party.After a number of games had beenenjoyed, a delicious salad course wasserved.The following guests enjoyed theoccasion: Capt. and Mrs. Baker,Misses Mary Fithian Hatchcraft, Elizabeth Crutcher, Rachel Wiggins,Mary Clay, Sallie Lockhart, BessHolladay, Elizabeth Steele; Messrs.Wm. Baker, R. B. Hutchcraft, Jr.,Hugh Ferguson, Charlton Clay andWoodford Buckner.Misses Mary Clay and Sallie Lockhart also entertained for their visitors Monday evening, at the home ofCol. and Mrs. Clay, and the followingguests enjoyed bridge: Capt. andMrs. Barker, Misses Hutchcraft,Wiggins, Kate Alexander and MarthaFerguson, Messrs. Baker, Clay, Catesby Spears and Clarence Thomas.(Other Personals on Page 8.). NOT SUGAR.Some folks may be able to, maketwo blades of grass grow now whereonly one grew before, but they canonly bring fourth one pound of sugarwhere they used to get two. Onlyten pounds of the sweetening now fora dollar greenback, where only ashort time ago you got twenty. Weare told that the war did it, but itlooks to us like the fellows that hadthe sugar to sell did it under pretextof war.What a certain housekeeper of Paris said when told by her grocer theother day that she could get only10 pounds of sugar for a dollarwouldn't look very good in print.They are all saying very much thesame thing.WHY WAIT?Our stock is more complete nowthan it will be later. Pick out yoursuit now. We'll deliver it in threeweeks. ,J. W. DAVIS & CO.KODAKOn Your Vaeaf ionYou Should Take aKODAKThey will enjoyt taking picturesthe simple, easyKodak Way.You will be gladto have a picture. story of vacationdays.KODAKS, $5.00 up.BROWNIE CAMERASr they worklike Kodaks, $1.00 to $12.00.DaughertyBros..v JHi iy" eagw'EEGRO 86mS,K -?VDuring Jsl heft;e4- argument over, atrival sum in Ruckerville, laa& Saturday night, Will Anderson, a negroman in the employ Df-Mr. Amos Turney, near this city, was shot afcddangerousljr wounded by Thos. Lyter,colored. The ball took effect in -theabdominal muscles, fracturing a rib.Lyter was arrested and jailed. At"the trial of Lyter before Countyjuugo mumuian, weunesuay, on acharge of shooting and wounding withintent to killl, he was fined $100 andcosts and on on a charge of carryingconcealed weapons was fined $50 anddisfranchised.LOST.On August 19, between the Parispostoffice and Nineteenth street, abunch of small keys. Finder will berewarded by returning to P. J McCord, at the Paris postoffice. a21 ItFurniture For Sale.All of my furniture, Roll TopDesk, Library Table, Rugs, LeatherSeated Chairs, Mirrors, Brass Cuspidor, New Refrigerator, and many other articles of office furniture. Apply to(21-lt) DR. CLARA B. MATTHEWS.i Ti aTt liTii TaTa iTa Ta aTa t1- -- -- - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --StraussBros.& CosNcWNoI On Sale at AllCigar Stands, ijStrCigarV!I4THE J. T. HINTON CO.ISflCillHn!. v YV OiilT T Y tfl-IVkJ. lliVitxHamWI flulllirurijjlin ConnectionPerfection,Sterns 3&May We Not Have the Pleasure of Showing You?THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 3G " ,.Undertaking Ambulance Wood Mantels..vqr" " lip",' jy gCTTtv"" tct" mivm m i iftwi'iirsiimMmmMmmi ", .I ; i act Hiifi rj it"-"iB H sprSUMMER GOODS!An Opportunity to Buy Beautiful Neirv-UWNS, RATINES, CREPES, DRESS UNENSand Mrny Novelty Wash Goods at.BifReductions.200 Shirt Waists ToClose Out at Half PriceA Few CREPE and MUSLIN UNDERGARMENTS,Slightly Mussed During Our Sale, atBARGAIN PRICES.W. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.IIJtSIT" TSPECIAL.!Hand-Painted Initial Salts and Peppers, White ChinaWith Initial in Gold,65 Cents Per Pair.Worth $1.00. cAH Lettersln Stock at Preeent.Get Our Prices on Watches, Jewelry,t Silverware, Etc,Before You Buy. Always Reliable.C. O. HINTONandYousitting inchair not evenThen why sleep eightan uncomfortable bed?with cramped and tiredDo you sleep withiJiHiiiivaiiiHBiiiiiiiiiriiiiiiKa9mmmimammmmmmmmmmmfmimmmEfffM&9Km i i i i il 'iPiriWMMrn kj v ivy tv. nrv. izviimx xi vs sri t ii il:person? Does their weight make ithard for you to sleep comfortably ? a.Sleep 30 Days at Our Risk,on"Perfection Bed Springs" iSee how refreshing sleep can be. Experience the comfort of sleeping onsprings that cannot sag, that supportyour body perfectly, independent ofanother person in the bed. (You have your own springs just asmuch as if you were sleeping alone.Each spring and row ofindependently. No sag no hills no "side-rock"pounds and 125 pounds can sleep comfortably inThe Sleep on Perfection Springs 30 NightsPajanftKidwith this Great SpringFairy"Foster cTHattresses 1H'4'U !'BT Hl BP h K4221J,Do youmerely sleep.or do you sleeprest i ,wouldn't think ofan uncomfortablefor an hour.to ten hours onWhy awakenmuscles ? ma much heavier 1J".springs operateno noise. 335the same beJ.at Our Risk.we are ShowingFelt and IrtwA 4 ' vm . z-t --. -r " -X ..(-..Vv'JMP r " JTugf t f i . . : . .:"T. .-:, j - ."Sla -r&ZF$h ;i??-tiZK rW&T"?1-.:''2ii- .v.-. j? v-f r .f3is1Nwx'AjI-,Jl uIf wC . - f-- r r jL-wMrSZ'Zr.&i&t ,.i5fcmzm,-.. )l JTi JM-VS':Msmsmmm"EARLY HEWS :of the German troope below; Brussels JMwmnniiwnrtfflisand,throws doubt oil tip rumor -of reVerses' for 'the "Kai8err& armyf thoughtno one , doubts-that there hay,e' heenmany skirmishes and brief battles inwhich many have been, killed andwounded on both sides ..Brussels authorities admit that theFrench casualities in the fighting between Namur and Dinant were heavy,as tjie Germans were strongly intrenched and their artillery at theoutset played great havoc with theFrench.STAPLE C& FANCY IOFBATTLEmEAaGROCERIES!EURDPiir.nVrf( r!"."I Vi -TAT,nfeJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!me job Reoffls orTHENEWS?,jAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.I -wLet us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Qur type is new and modernfaces. i 'the Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for;$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and made .known on application.WUUUUiliiutfREPORTS TO THE JUSTICEPARTMENT.DE-WASHINGTON, Aug. 18. Reportsto the Department of Justice yesterday tell of the creation of artificialfood prices all along the ilne.A district Attorney in Texas reported that granulated sugar had risen from $4.60 to $7.50 per hundredweight since a week ago; Swisscheese from 25 to 38 cents, fiour from$4.70 to $5.10, beef ribs from 18 to21 cents per pound, sirloin 28 to 32cents, pork loin 18 to 25 cents andsmoked ham from 20 to 22 cents.The District Attorney suggestedthat small consumers are chargedeven higher prices than hotels andrestaurants, the figures quoted.A letter to the Attorney Generalfrom the manager of one of the largest live stock commission companiesin the West reported that while hogsdeclined in Chicago $1 per hundredpounds, and cattle declined 65 to 85cents per hundred pounds, dressedproducts to the consumer advancedseveral cents per pound."The packers claimed that reductions were made on account of financial conditions," he wrote, "but 1 donot know what excuse they have foradvancing the dressed article. Thereis very little beef or pork exported.""We believe that the present priceshave been created by men who haveno regard for humanity m their rushto satisfy their greed."This statement was made yesterdayin a petition received at the Department of Justice from railroad employes of Jacksonville, Fla., who assertedtheir belief that wholesalers and retailers in foodstuffs have been holding meetings in Jacksonville to control food prices.Additional special agents of the Department of Justice were dispatchedyesterday to Cleveland, Providence,Baltimore, Pittsburg and Buffalo toassist in the nation-wide investigationof the increased price of foodstuffs.United States District Attorneys allover the country have begun inquiriesand in many places grand juries already are at work. At Buffalo JohnL. O'Brien, the District Attorney, willdirect special efforts to ascertain thecause of the rise in the cost of flour.Fred Robertson, District Attorneyat Topeka, Kan., reported to-day that"the unusual circumstances of wheatgoing down on the market and theprices of flour going up has stood outprominetnly in the Kansas City dailynewspapers for several days past."A flood of letters reached AttorneyGeneral McRoberts yesterday fromvoluntary correspondents regardingthe advance in food prices. A Brooklyn correspondent claimed to havespecific information that the packersthere are rapidly increasing theprices of fresh meats, notwithstandingan unusual amount of meat in coldstorage in, New York.Canners protested against the sugarincrease in price. A large MiddleWest firm wrote that the refiners,"by their joint system of selling theirproducts through certain brokers,have the public at their mercy."FOREIGN BUILT SHIPS MAY REGISTER. WASHINGTON, Aug. 18. CongressMonday passed the Emergency Shipping Bill, which will authorize thePresident to admit foreign built shipsto American registry, so that commercial fleets may sail the seas underprotection of the American flag whilebelligerents of Eurppe are at war andscouring the oceans for prizes. President Wilson will sign the bill to-morrow.As finally , agreed to the bill, besides providing for the registry offoreign built ships, authorizes thePresident, in his discretion, to suspend provisions of the law requiringall watch officers of 'American vesselsin the foreign trade to be citizens ofthe United States, requiring survey,inspection and measurements of vessels admitted to registry by officersof the United States.PRESIDENT WARNS AGAINSTTAKING SIDES.WASHINGTON, Aug. 18. Addressing the American . people, PresidentWilson to-day issued a statement inconnection with the European War,warning citizens of the United Statesagainst "that deepest, most subtle,most essential breach of neutralityWhich may spring out of partisanship,out of passionately taking sides'The President says: "I supposethat every thoughtful man in Americahas asked himself during the lasttroubled weeks, what influence theEuropean war may exert upoh theUnited States. ,"The effect of the war upon theUnited States will depend upon whatAmerican citizens say and do."Every man Who really lovers America will act and speak in the truespirit of neutrality which is' the spiritof impartiality and fairness andfrendliness to all concerned."CABLES IN BAD SHAPE.NEW YORK, Aug. 18. Inquiry atthe offices here of the three greattrans-Atlantic cable companies developed the fact that on all fifteen submarine lines between North Americaand Europe traffic was still badly congested to-day. The congestion, itwas said, was due primarily to therequirements and restrictions of thecensors at the European terminals.ALSOAll the VegetablesOf the SeasonOUR LINE OFCanned GoodsmseeCannot Be ExcelledN. A. MOORE.Sauer's Old StandU. S. ARMY TRANSPORT ORDERED TO GALVESTON.SAN FRATSfCISCO, Aug. 18. Thearmy transport Buford received orders to-day from the War Department to depart for Galveston, Texas,via the Panama Canal, as soon asshe can be made ready. No explanation accompanied the order.CZAR TO GRANT JEWS PLENARYRIGHTS.PARIS, FRANCE, Aug. 18. A decree granting civil and political rightsto all Jews in Russia will be issuedby the Czar without delay. This actis pi great importance to America andwill, it is believed, be followed by anew era of cordial relations betweenRussia and the United States.Prof. Richard Gotheil, of ColumbiaUniversity, is now in consultationwith M. Esvolsky, the Russian Ambassador to France, concerning thegood fortune which is in store forJews in Russia. Although he admits the correctness of this news,Prof.. Gotheil will not make any announcement upon the matter untillater.PRESIDENT IS MUM.WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 18Published reports to the effect thatthe President had expressed himself as satisfied with Japan's coursewere promptly denied by SecretaryTumulty at the direction of the President. "The President feels it incumbenton himself," said Secretary Tumulty,"as the head of a neutral nation toexpress no opinion whatsoever on theattitude of Japan or any othercountry."Diplomatic dispatches brought nofurther information to the futurecourse of either Japan or Germany,but official Washington was divertedfor the moment from the thought ofthe hostilities in Europe to a hypothetical consideration of how American spossessions in the Far East ultimately might be affected by the results of an extension of the war tothe Orient. ' 'U. S. WILL NOT OPPOSE JAPAN.WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 18Japan's ultimatum to Germany willnot be protested by the United States.President Wilson, Monday, said hebelieved Japan's declaration thatKiao Chow would eventually be.returned to China is made in goodfaith anJ indicated that the UnitedStates will take a passive positionconcerning the events in the Orient.Secretary Bryan flatly declined todiscuss Japan's move, but it is knownthat the Japaneses Government underthe Root-Takahira agreement in 1908sounded the United States before declaring its position in regard to Germany. On November 30, 1908, Secretary ofState Root, on behalf of the UnitedStates, and Ambassador Takahira,representing Japan, exchanged notesavowing the aim, policy and intentionof 'each government toward the FarEast, the exchange being designed tostrengthen the relations of friendshipand .to preserve the general peace.BRUSSELS PREPARES FOR ONSLAUGHT. AMSTERDAM, Holland, Aug. 18A dispatch from Brussels says thatthe seat of government has been moved to Antwerp and that many of theinhabitants of the city are fleeing to jtne uutcn trontier.Measures have been taken for thedefense of Brussels because of the approach of cavalry.It is learned from authentic sourcesthat a large contingent of the" British expedition under Sir GeorgeFrench, augmented by several battalions of French and Belgian troops isbound north and is expected to engage the Germans near or in Brussels.Thisdispatch, it is believed here,WILL PROTECT TRADE.SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 18. "TheJapanese fleet will protect Americanand Japanese merchantmen in Asiaticwaters," declared Y. Numana, Japanese Consul General here, to-day indiscussing the possibilities of hostilities between Japan and Germany."American trade with the Orient willnot be endangered. Japan is tentimes as strong in the Orient as Germany," he added.O ? CQPYSifiMTfB.'GreatBargainSaleNowGoing On!Greater Bargains than youhave ever before heard of inParis.KINDLY CALL ATTwin bios. Dpilf m SioreSeventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky'Safe InvestmentT-win.BrosPICKBRAZIL HAS A BONE TOWITH KAISER.RIO JANERIO, Aug. 17. The Brazilhan Minister of Foreign Affairs,Dr. Lanro Muller, has instructed theBrazillian Minister at Berlin to demand from the German Governmentexplanations and the punishment ofthose responsible for the attack byGerman soldiers on BernardinoCampos, former President of theState of Sao Pulo. According to reports received here Senor Camposwas attacked and robbed while making his way across the Swiss frontier.Givesladvice to all 'the people of Parisand Bourbon County to invest their moneyin4KEEPS UNCLE SAM, BUSYWashington; Aug. is. TheUnited States is now caring for thediplomatic interests of Russia as wellas other powers of Europe, exceptServia and Montenegro. The additionof Russia was viweed with interestbecause of the absence of treaty relations between 'the United States andRussia. sBRITISH STATEMENT.LONDON, August 18. The following statement was issued by the British Official Press Bureau: "Any action Japan takes against Germanywill not extend" beyond the ChinaSeas, except in so far as may be necessary to protect Japanese shippinglines."Clothing, Shoes,Hats, Gaps,Underwear, Etc.They will give you one hundred cents onthe dollar on your.merchandise investment.Call in and see them.L. WOLLSTEIN, Prop.FOR RENT.a contradicts the report v of the routing ParisrCROWN PRINCE SERIOUSLY SHOTTHE HAGUE, Aug. 18. It is rumored presistently here that the GermanCrown Prince, Frederick William, hasbeen seriously wounded at the frontand that Emperor William has hastened to the side of his son, who issaid to be at Aix la Chappelle. Thereport has been received also .atMy home place opposite the ParisFair Grounds, now occupied by Mr.Ed. Burke. AddressMRS. BLANNIE D. SHIPP,342 East Main Street,(tf) Lexington, Ky.Lumber Cut To Order.Handsome Residence For Sale.My residence on Mt. Airy is forsale. One of the most modern homesin Paris. Every convenience. Prospective buyers are 'invited to inspectthe building and premises.(28jly-tf) MRS. M. A.,PATONto.MM-St)Tobacco sticks, tier rails and othermaterials'for barn building. Applyjr-.f"3---ET. THONE, 118.' ' (aCottage Wanted.Modern cottage of five or six rooms,wltH bath, and gas; close in. AddressROBERT P. WALSH,(aug-31-3t)lit. Stttlta Ky.'?fS:.,;. Z. & TVife ., n . vr-V , '.yc-cV-'r"5-,Yf-j-j,-v sji,iSjA..H.)$ AiC4 '. nt JT.f$F,r.3?,OTr" vwmi!SBNOTICELOCAL OPTION-ELECTIONThe undersigned Sheriff of Bouron County gives notice that the folnwing order has been made by theourbon 'County Court and a copyt lereof delivered to him, and that thelocal option therein provided for willk held in accordance with said order,ttjieh is in .words and figures as follows, to-wit:BOURBON COUNTY COURT.IX THE MATTER OPON PETITIONT. F. BRANNON AND OTHERS.This cause coming on to be heardupon the petition of T. F. Brannonand others asking for an election inthe City of Paris, Bourbon County,Kentucky, onSEPTEMBER 26TH, 1914,o take the sense of the legal votersof said City upon the propositionwhether or not spirituous, vinous,malt, or other intoxicating liquorssi all be sold, bartered or loaned therein, and whether or not this propositionsnail apply to druggists also, and thepetitioners have introduced proofshowing that there was Five Hundredind Eleven signers to said petition and that said Five Hundred andEleven constituted more than twentyiiie per cent, of the votescast in theCity of Paris at the last precedinggeneral election, and the said signers have introduced proof that each,and everyone of the signers to said petition were a citizen . of the UnitedStates of America, and of the Conijnonwealth of Kentucky, and hadbeen a resident of the State of Kentucky for more than one year nextpreceding July 27th, 1914, the dayupon which the petition herein wasfiled, and had been a resident ofBourbon County for more than sixmonths next preceding said date andhad been a resident of their respective voting precincts in which they reside for more than sixty days nextpreceding said date, and that each ofsaid signers were at said date a legalvoter in his respective precinct, andthe court being advised it is orderedand adjudged that an election be heldin said City of Paris on Saturday,September 26th, 1914, to take thesense of the legal voters of the saidCity of Paris upon the propositionwhether or not spirituous, vinous,malt of other intoxicating liquorsshall be sold, bartered or loanedtherein and this law and prohibitionshall apply to druggisis also.W. F. Talbott, Sheriff of BourbonCounty, is directed to open a poll ineach, precinct in the City of Paris onsaid date and for said purpose, andsaid Sheriff is directed to advertiseand publish this order in each issueof the Bourbon News for at least two-consecutive weeks prior to the 26thday of September, 1914, the day uponwhich said election is to be held and"he will cause to be printed, said order,upon hand bills and he will post saidliand bills at at least five conspicuousplaces in the City of Paris, and hewill cause said order to be publishedand said hand bills to be postedwithin seven days after he receives a copy of this notice. It isordered that a special registration beheld in the several precincts in theCity of Paris on the 18th day of September, 1914.Said election shall be held, by suchofficers as are required to hold Countyelections, and they shall be selectedm the same way as officers are selected for the purpose of holdingCounty elections.A Copy Attest:PEARCE PATON, C. B. C. C.Witness the hand of the undersigned Sheriff of Bourbon County.W. F. TALBOTT,Sheriff of Bourbon County, Kentucky.KENTUCKY WOMAN, SUFFERER FROMSTOMACH ILLS, QUICKLY RESTOREDMrs. Belle Hawkins Uses Mayr Rem-;edy ''Never Felt Better InMy Life."Mrs. Belle Hawkins, Eminence, Ky.,was a victim of stomach disorders.She took a great deal-of treatmentand medical attention.At last she tried Mayr's WonderfulStomach Remedy and got real results.In a letter telling of her experienceshe said:"I have taken all of the medicine Iordered of you and will say it hasdone more good than all the doctorsand medicine I ever tried. I don't really think I need any medicine now,as T tliinlr T am well. I never feltbetter in my life. If I ever shouldneed any medicine I know where toget it."That is a typical letter, taken asone among the thousands from theusers of Mayr's Wonderful StomachWhen Mother is sick Father knows Father, will stand around the Gorit ien'f anvHiine- serious. But whenl-nor Kaif and purchase drinks andFather nets a stomach ache he vants Ian army corps of surgeons ana nursesand insists that the World be givenhourly bulletins as to his Condition.Every mam knows thatwhat is La2ineaiuin tb Other JFellow is FatigueromOvWk im is oase. V " vNOTICELOCAL OPTIONELECTIONThe undersigned Sheriff of Bourbon County gives notice that the following order has been made by theBourbon County Court and a copythereof delivered to him, and that thelocal option therein provided for willbe held in accordance with said order,which is in words and figures as follows, to-wit:BOURBON COUNTY COURT.IN THE MATTER OFWM. MYALL, &c.ON PETITION.ORDERThis cause coming on to be heardand the court having heard proof andbeing advised, and this cause beingsubmitted for judgment, and it appearing m the court that the application herein is by written petition andthat the petition has been signed by anumber of legal voters of BpurbonCounty equal to and exceeding 25 percent, of the votes cast in BourbonCounty at the last preceding generalelection, and it further appearing tothe court that each and all of saidsigners were and are citizens ofthe United States of America and ofthe Commonwealth of Kentucky andeach had been a resident of the Stateof Kentucky for more than one yearnext preceding the filing of the petition herein and that each had been aresident of Bourbon County for morethan six months next preceding saidrate, and that each had been a resident of his respective voting precinctin which he resides more than 60 daysnext preceding said date, and thateach and all of said signers was andwere at said date au.cf is and are legalvoters in their respective precincts,and all things appearing to the courtrequired or necessary to appear, toentitle the petitioners to the reliefherein granted, it is now ordered thatthe election prayed for be held inBourbon County on the day named inthe. petition, to-wit:THE 28THDAY OF1914,SEPTEMBER,and the Sheriff of Bourbon County,who is appointed, authorized and directed-to hold said election, is ordered and directed to open a poll at eachand all the voting places in saidCounty on said date for the purposeof taking the sense of the legal votersof the said County who are qualifiedto vote at elections for county officesupon the proposition whether or notspirituous, vinous or malt liquorsshall be sold, bartered or loanedtherein, the said law andprohibir jtion to apply to druggists.The Sheriff of Bourbon County isdirected to advertise and publish thisorder at least once a week for atleast two weeks in the Bourbon Newsprior to the 28th day of September,1914, the day appointed upon whichsaid election is to be held, and he willcause to be printed said order uponhand-bills which he will post for thesame length of time as follows: Oneor more in two public and conspiciousplaces in each voting precinct inBourbon County and at such otherpublic and conspicuous places inBourbon County as the Sheriff in hisdiscretion may think proper, and hewill cause said publication's to bemade within seven days after he receives a copy of this notice, by inserting same in newspapers and byhand-bills as aforesaid.It is ordered that a special registration be held in the several votingprecincts of the City of Paris on the18th day of September, 1914.Said election shall be held by suchofficers as would be qualified to holdelections for county officers, and theyshall be selected in the same way.A Copy Attest:PEARCE PATON, C. B. C. C.Witness the hand of the undersigned Sheriff of Bourbon County.W. F. TALBOTT,Sheriff of Bourbon County, Kentucky.Remedy. The first dose proves nolong treatment.Mayr's Monderful Stomach Remedyclears the digestive tract of muciodaccretions and removes poisonousmatter. It brings swstt relief to sufferers from ailments of the stomach,liver and bowels. Many declare it hassaved them from dangerous operations and many are sure that it hassaved their lives.Because of the remarkable successof this remedy there are many imitators, so be cautious. Be sure it'sMAYER'S. Go to G. S. Varden & Sondrug store and ask about the wonderful results it has been accomplishingor send to Geo. H. Mayr; Mfg. Chemist, 154-156 Whiting St., Chicago; 111.,for free book on . stomach ailmentsand many grateful letters from peoplewho have been restored. Any druggist can tell you its wonderful effects.(adv-No 2)orate about being a Free JBorn Citizen and Indignate about his Right toProtection under the Flag. And th.enhe wilL go home about midnight andmeekly sayv "Uncle" when- Mother refers to .him at an Ornery, Dog .and aDrunken v"Pap.V3,'iC xL - .- CouJ&oriut find .tEeir cMfiwkMMMour old -parsons had little aptttude forthe making of sermons, and the Bookof Homilies was found very useful.On entering his pulpit one Sunday oneparson fumbled considerably at theedge of a crack in the woodwork, thenstraightened himself as though making the best of a bad job. "Friends,the sermons is gone down the 'girke,'but I'll read a chapter of Job worth,the pair of them." From "Old Yarnsof English Lakeland."iTruth.We are born to inquire after truthIt requires a greater power to popsess it. Montaigne.INFECTION AND INSECTBITES DANGEROUS.'x-Mosquitoes, flies and other insects, which breed quickly in garbagepails, ponds or stagnant matter, barns,musty places, etc., are carriers of disease. Every time they bite you, theyinject poison into your system fromwhich some dread disease may result.Get a bottle of Sloan's Liniment. Itis antiseptic and a few drops will neutralize the infection caused by insectbites or rusty nails. Sloan's Liniment disinfects Cuts, Bruises andSores. You cannot afford to be without it in your home. Money back ifnot .satisfied. Only 25c, at your Druggist. (adv aug.)Saved by His Hobby.There was an official on one of ourgreat railroads who was retired atseventy. "He'll die now," said hisfriends kindly. But he didn't. Instead, he became interested in thewild flowers, and now he is too busyin looking for the ram's head orchid,and trying to find a new station forthe hart's tongue fern, and trampingaround in the "woods and fields in allkinds of weather, even to think of dying. Anyway, he wouldn't have timeuntil h's finished his monograph onthe willows of the United States. Lippincott's. SUMMER CONSTIPATIONDANGEROUS.Constipation in Summer-time ismore dangerous than in the fall, winter or spring. The food you eat is often contaminated and is more likelyto ferment in vour stomach. Thenyou are apt to drink much cold wa-ter, thus injuring your stomach.Colic,' Fever Ptomaine Poisoning andother ills are natural results. Po-Do-Laxwill keep you well, as it increasesthe Bile, the natural laxative, whichrids the Dowels of the congested poisonous waste. Po-Do-Lax will makeyou feel better. Pleasant and effective. Take a dose to-night. 50c, atyour Druggist.(adv aug.)The Difference.Billy ("who is DUttine in a loner Sun.,jav afternoon') "L.fit.'s nlav antn withthe chairs, mummy, and you take aride with me!" Mother (with an eyeto the uplift) "I guess not. dear; Ireally don't approve of pleasure rideson Sunday." Billy (after a momentof earnest thought) "But this isn't apleasure ride. We'll play I'm takingyou to see a moving picture show ofscenes from the Bible." Life.HOW'S THIS.We ocer One Hundred Collars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the past 15 years,and believe him perfectly honorablein all business transactions and financially able to carry out any obligations made by his firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Catarrah Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucus surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75 cts.per bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv aug.)London's Government.Greater London, with a populationof 7,000,000 and an area of 700 squaremiles, is a composite district madeup of 38 city boroughs and 29 suburbantowns, governed by various city andtown councils, but in certain matterssubordinate to the London countycouncil.THE CASE OF L. L. CANTELOU.The case of L. L. Cantelou, Clarndon, Texas, is similar to tha of manyothers who have used Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Bemedy.He says, "After trying a .doctor forseveral months, and using differentkinds of medicine for my wife whohad been troubled with severe bowelcomplaint for several months, Ibought a 25c bottle of Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy.After using the second bottle she wasentirely cured." For sale by all dealers. (adv aug.)Penalty of Public Spirit.If a man undertakes to do anythingof public service without being partof a machine, or if an organizationwhich is composed merely of representative citizens and has no preda;tory interests undertakes to do anything, the word which sums up theobjections of the standpat mind is"self-constituted." Harper's Weekly.HOW TO CURE A SPRAIN.A sprain may be cured in aboutone-third the time required by theusual treatment by applying Ch.ambgrlain's Liniment and observing thedirections with each bottle.. For saleby "all dealers.,.?;s ?.t (adv:aug)Tsgroyw5LBailv YhAtfAtt? 't-jr-vT&tzU r timeiff rer maa'tdiicatlftiLfiien "ne arrive;at"th conviction that envy is 'Ignorance; ittiatImitation as suicide; that he 4muattake himself for better or worse, ashis portion; that though the wide universe is full of good, no kernel ofnourishing corn can come to him butthrough his toil bestowed on that plotof ground which is given him to till.Trust thyself; every heart vibratesto that iron string. R. W. Emerson.No, He -Wasn't Nervous.A young pitcher making his firstappearance in big league company hitthe first batter, passed the next two,and made a wild throw in the firstinning. As he went to the bench themanager of the team asked, "What'sthe matter? Are you nervous?""Naw," he said angrily, "but my darnlimbs shake."TO MAMMOTH CAVEAUGUST 25, 1914.LAST GREAT REDUCTION.Round trip railroad fare ?5.55.Board at Cave Hotel including theseveral routes in the Cave for $6.50.Making the total cost for three daystrip $12.15; going on regular morning trains. Limit on tickets 10 days.Write or phone L. & N. Agent.Qly 31-aug 7-14-21)NOT SO STRANGE AFTER ALL.You may think it strange that somany people are cured of stomach,trouble by Chamberlain's Tablets.You would not, however, if you shouldgive them a trial. They strengthenand invigorate the stomach and enable it to perform its functions naturally. Mrs. Rosie Rish, Wabash, Ind.,writes, "Nothing 'did me the leastgood until I began using Chamberlain's Tablets. It is decidedly thebest medicine for stomach trouble Ihave ever used." For sale by alldealers.(adv-aug)Trivial Detail.Hostess (to young fiancee) "Andso you are really going to be married next month, my dear. Well, I'think your future husband seems acharming man. By the by, what doeshe do?" "Oh er well er d'youknow, I really haven't had time to askhim; but I expect papa could tellyou, if you particularly want to know.1Punch.SEVERE ATTACK OFCOLIC CURED.E. E. Cross, who travels in Virginiaand other Southern States, was takensuddenly and severely ill with colic.At the first store he came to the mer-,chant recommended Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy.Two doses of it cured him. No oneshould leave home on a journey without a bottle of this preparation. Forsale by all druggists.(adv aug.)I GET A CAKE OF ISOAPDon't waste your morion poor Soap. We sellgood Soap cheap. " .Pure White Castile" 5and 10c per cake.'Peroxide Soap. makesthe skin white and keepsit white, 15c per cake.Jergren's Violet Glycerine Soap 10c per cake;3 for 25c. Has the.odorof real violets.Palmolive Soap 15c; 2for 25c.Colgate's Fine Soaps insix odors Rose, Yiolet,Heliotrope, Lilac andSandalwood at 10c percake; 3 for 25c. Nobetter made.We have all the advertised -soaps, too. Comein and let us show you. .Peoples PharmacyPARIS, KY.Doyle Building 8th and Main."Watch Our Windows.":i Fnr Prnmnt UlRnlinn iX andDependable ServiceIn Any Line ofSee 1.W. 0. HINT0N& SON,THE NEW FIRM.4HMiWUElf,pg ;y vi ' - " -jxmm t 'ff y ' iAyj4 -sjjT y2JK"MkJ-v -, jnkTt Maussr asm&w&SSSkl ssfiiiWmmvwr D.n a(T"'"''"'" mil' JMT11 f '' wT STmllllmjW 1 sauThat is if he does not turn right around and draw"his money out to foolishly invest in some far-away, GET 'RIGH-QUIGK scheme constantly offered to him by somstrange, smooth promoter.It is our business to know which investments are goodand which are NOT. If any of our depositors will come irt"and ASK us about investments they figure on making, .weshall gladly give them our opinion of them. vMake OUR bank YOUR bank- - J; 'We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings. .DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPITAL $150,000.00SURPLUS r 30,000.00STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY 150,000.00 "Protection to Depositors $330,000.00S. E. BEDFORD, President.WALTER MARTINNEW UVERY STABLE!New Carriages, Buggies,Etc. Special AttentionWeddings, Funerals,Dances, Etc.Horses Boarded ByHauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streetplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS.Stables Eigth St., Main St.Bourbon Building & LoanAssociation.Successful record of nearly eightyears. Pays annual dividend over 7per cent. Not a dollar lost. Investment secured by first mortgage onreal estate."Subscription for stock now in series "H." Apply toC. ARNSPARGER,(18-tf) Secretary.ATTENTION,! PEOPLE!ljX lDo You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesGome and See. OurH c Prices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.fctlTry Us.4LELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home' Phone101SPGR&GCHRISTTHE "PRUDENTmmmmmmmmSmmmmmmmmmmmmmw - A.WRITES A DECUUUUIOHiOF INDEPENDENCE im1 HIMSELF EACH TIME .WRITES A DEPOSITre aefomvOUR .-BANKC. K. THOMAS, CaihirERNEST MARTINRunaboutsGiven toParties,Day, Week or Month!TransferBusi-Both PhonesWhat has become of the old-fashionedman who used to be presentedwith a gold-headed cane?Lots of married men who do notcare much for turkey will let theirfondness for chicken get 'them iato -trouble.GAS!Cool mornings andevenings will soon behere. Prepare for themby installing Gas Heaters.We handle9Taylor Grates, 1Garland Ranges f,and do all kinds of piping, r .PARIS GASELECTRIC GO.iIncorporated..VKK.--e'Vjc :.,-l?!fc-s.S3'Jry4"s,": - iURt iA.."3WSEirsiw JTJtm'A'L.' 2j&'Ar. OFF!NOW GO I IN G ON!Every article in our immense stock will be sold at one-fourth off for CASH. We want to reduce the stock and at the sametime RAISE CASH. This bis reduction is mede on everything except diamonds. A rare chance to save money onWatches, Rings, Silverware, Novelties, Clocks, Bronze Statuary, Purses, Umbrellas,n fact, everything goes in this sale. Remember you can't buy the WINTERS kind of jewelry exept at WINTERS STORE, thestore with a reputation.Everything MarkedIN .Plain Figures!A. J. WINTERS & COParis, Kentucky.25 Per' Cent OffFORt!NEWS OF MILLERSBURGJ. J. Peed is somewhat im-veryMr.proved.Mr. Jolm Shay continuesmuch the same.Quite a number from here are attending the Ewing Fair daily.Mr. D. P. Jones returned Wed-nesday after a ten-days' sojourn inI Michigan.Mrs. Fred J3assett, of Mt. Ster-' ling, is the guest of her sister, Mrs.) J. J. Peed.Mrs. R. F. Parker and little MissThelma Stewart, from Falmouth, areguests of Mrs. Ira Rankin.1 Millersburg was well represented1 at the -County Sunday School Conven-tion at Mt. Carmel to-day.Elder and Mrs. C. 0. CossaboomJ have returned after a two-weeks'' visit to relatives at Morgan.I Miss Lucile Dailey returned Wed-needay after a several weeks' visitto relatives at Wolfs Penn, Ark.1 Mrs. Anna Mills, of Louisville,5 and niece, Mrs. Jones, of Lexington,2 "were guests of Mrs. Sue V. Sandusky, I) Tuesday( returned Tuesday after a ten-days'visit to relatives at Circleville, O.Dr. W. M. Miller and family and1 a tew others took in the excursiongiven by the Baptist Church. Wednesday to Frankfort. A pleasant daywas enjoyed.Mr. W. M. Vimont, who has beenin the employ of the Adams ExpressCompany, at Cincinnati, for severalmonths, has resigned his position andreturned home Sunday.Mrs. Yancey Lewis, who hasbeen a summer boarder in the M. F.C. for several weeks, left Wednesday for a visit to relatives at Fleni-For the past three years Miss Nellhas been identified with the M. F. C.as instructor in piano and string instrument. During the present summer she was employed as one of theorchestra at Crab Orchard Springs,entering on her duties July 1. Whenshe went to Crab Orchard she had notmet Mr. Mitchell. He came there asa boarder they met, saw, loved,wooed and were united in marriagelast Friday in Cincinnati. Mr. G. B.Mitchell resides in Louisville and istravelng advertiser or a lithographestablishment. Miss Nell is a mostestimable young lady. She belongsLUKE McLUKE SAYS:( Cincinnati Enquirer.It is all right for a bunch of slendergirls who are graduating from HighSchool to select "Excelsior" as theclass motto. But twenty years later"Straight Front" would make more ofa hit with the same class.If there were anything in the agesthey fess up to, a whole lot of menwould be old enough to be their twinsisters' father.Another great, trouble with theworld is that everybody thinks everyxusauuis. ouc win leiuu LU mCib- t0 one 01 Uie most yioiumeuL Auin b fl j , business is more than imburg before going to her home m of Kentuckv. beine a niece of Ex- .' ,.. i,.-Dallas, TexasMr. and Mrs. O. M. Johnson, Mr.and Mrs. R. H. Johnson, Mr. G. S.Allen and Mr. S. M. Allen and Mr.and Mrs. V. L. Barton, have returned after a week's sojourn at CrabOrchard Springs. Mrs. S. E. Allenand children, who were with theCrab Orchard party, will spend threeweeks with Mrs. Allen's parents, Mr.and Mrs. Ephriam Wood, at Stanford,before returning home.Quite a number of the young peope enjoyed a hay ride to Blue LicksTuesday, spending the day and theMrs. Jesse Wilson is critically ill. evening. It was a jolly party andHer daughter, Mrs. Ralph Bomar, ofFalmouth, has arrived to be at hert bedside.I -Dr. -and Mrs. C. C. Fisher, sonT and daughter, Garland Fisher, and1, Miss Olive Fisher, visited Flemingsf'burg, Wednesday.Mrs. M. C. Grimes and little son,!' Joe Mackie returned Wednesday af' I terncon from a visit to her cousin,l Miss Elsie Booth, in Carlisle.1 Mr. W. F. Sanders and family, ac-companied by Miss Vanheite, return-pleasure went the, rounds during theentire time. A delightful picnic lunchwas served at dinner and supper. Theteam was .furnished by McClintock &Baldwin, and the party was in chargeof Mr. William Baldwin, while theparty was chaperoned by Mr. andMrs. T. C. Current.Our little town wras one blaze ofexcitement Wednesday evening afterthe arrival of the 6:44 train wlienMiss Esther K. Nell stepped from thetrain and introduced to several of herfriends her husband, Mr. Mitchell.Lieutenant Gov. Hindeman. She is alady of culture, a college graduate,and a graduate in music. They leftCrab Orchard quietly and not eventheir most intimate friends thereknew of their intentions. They werequartered at the Taylor House whilein Millersburg, leaving Thursday forhis home at Louisville. Mrs. Mitchell had signed a contract with Dr.Fisher as musical instrutor for thecoming year. An effort will be madeto prevail upon her to continue in thework until a suitable teacher can besecured. "We congratulate Mr. Mitchell on the bride he has wonA HE MOTHER.W. R. Myers has a stray turkey onhis place belonging to his neighbor,Edward Terhune. Now, there isnothing strange about that, but theturkey is a gobbler, and sitting onfour turkey eggs. He was removed,fed and watered, and promptly returned to his job of "setting." If hemakes a hatch we presume he will bethe "mother" of the brood. Harrodsburg Herald.portant than his own.If people would send in a Lost advertisement every time they losetheir tempers, eacn newspaper wouldhave to issue a 9,000-page sheet everyday.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL STOCK AND FARM NOTES.is a patient at the Massie MemorialHospital.Mrs. Uli J. Howard returned toher home in Covington yesterday, after a visit to Paris relatives.Mrs. T. C. Livingston and MissKatherine Woods left Monday forPurra, Pa., to be gone six months.Miss Boehm, Superintendent ofthe Massie Memorial Hospital, has returned from an extended vacation inthe East.Mrs. Albert Lyons, Mr. GeorgeRassenfoss, Jr., and Mrs. MargaretI U411 nrx-i vim'fi'nn ItTi. A Tir 1When the Boss wants to pay you asJ05Mf4gty ""compliment the mail is speedy Z, SA'onmicrVi "Rnf txrhon ho wants frv irinlr Ai. uubiuo aiuiouuug.about your work he has to use theMr. Edward Rassenfoss has re- Sweeney Morgan, Garrard cWnty,turned from a vsit in Cincinnati. delivered seventy head of lambs toMiss Stella Price, of the Cumberland Telephone Co.' operating force,telegraph.The reason why a man brings hiswife a two-bit box of candy and pays$2 for the box of candy he brings theStenographer is because his wifewould fuss with him if he purchasedanything Expensive for her.If the women keep on making adTances in the Special Scenery theyput on their faces, there won't beenough putty and paint left for thehouse builders.REFRIGERATORS REDUCED.Read these prices Refrigerator,$35.00 kind, now $25.00, while theylast. The New Iceberg and theOdorless.(7-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.i H" RvDONT MISSTHESt-ujsv. - i s . :?-iiw i3uv so-, " PSWALKOverGREAT SHOESALEBig Money-Saving Opportunities at OurCash Raising Sale. Men's, Women'sand Children's High Grade Shoesat Less Than Cost Price,, '- These Exeedingly Low Prices Are Prevailing. '!".A .V vI- '41 '-V5UiWferLadies' White Canvas Shoes andBaby Doll Pumps, $3.00 values, at $1.49Ladies' Patent Colt or Dull KidBaby Doll Pumps, $3.50 values,at $1.99 and $1.49Ladies' Wh'te Canvas ColonialPumps, .Best Makes, $3.00 values at $1.99 and $1.49Ladies' Colonial Pumpsr FrenchHeel $3.00 Values.. $1.99 and $1.49Ladies' ' Colonial Pumps, miloShoes, $5.00 values. .$2.99 and $2.49Ladies' Kid Oxfords, $2.50 valuesat $1.49HHSrLad'es' Suede Button Oxfords,$5.00 values, at $1.99Ladies' Suede 2-Strap Pumps,$3.00 values, at :$1.49Ladies' Gun Meta'i Oxfords, $2.00values, at 99cMen's Walk-Over Oxfords, $4.50values at $2.99rMen's Tan Rubber Sole Oxfords,$4.00 values, at $2.49Men's Tan and BlackRubber SoleOxfords, Goodyear Welts, $4.50values, at .... $2.99Men's Tan and Gun Metal EnglishLast, Shoes and Oxfords, ofthe Beacon Make, $4.50 va!1ues, at $3.49Men's Tan and B'Jack Oxfordsand Shoes, all Lasts, of the Famous Walk-Over Make, Bestvalues, at $4.00 and $3.50Men's Tan Vici Oxfords, BroadToe, Best for Comfort, $4.00values, at $2.99Men's Oxfords and Shoes of thebest Makes, $3.00 values $1.99Boys' Gun Metal Shoes and Ox' fords, $3.00 values ..$1.99 and $1.49Ii fMisses' and Children's High Grade Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps in allleathers and styles at the lowest prices. Barefoot Sandals and Outing$boes at Sale Prices. Don t miss this moneysaving opportunity.of Chicago, have arrived for a visitto Mrs. Armstrong's sister, Mrs. Julian Howey and other relatives inthis city.Mrs. Mary Harris Farmer, of Atlanta, Ga., will address the people ofMillersburg at 7:30 Sunday evening,at the Methodist Church, m. the interest of the temperance cause.Mrs. Brooks Dodson, formerlyMiss Edna Lytle, of this city, who hasbeen visiting with her mother, Mrs. JJ. V. Lytle, in Maysville, has Teturnedto her home in Frankfort, where Mr.Dodson is employed in the revenueservice.The Georgetown Times says:"Miss Mattie Morgan-, who- is a member of a house party at Paris, is. expected Tuesday for a visit with"MissLillian Morris.,. . .Misses Birdie andLora Willis returned last week froma visit to Paris and Harrison county Miss Clara May Boswell is visiting Mrs. Batterton, of Paris."Mr. Ernest DarnaDy entertainedwith a dancing party at his lovelycountry home near Clintonvills. Themusic was furnished by the GoodwinSaxaphone Trio, of Lexington. A delightful ice course, was served. Alarge number of guests were present,among them from Paris being MissesAnna and Keatherine Wilson, Elizabeth Brown, Matilda James, FrancesChampe, Elizabeth and Nell Crutcher,Mary Mitchell Clay and Frances Clay,Eleanor Clay, Anna Embry, ElizabethHinton, Marie Talbott, Dorothy Mulcaliy, (Versailles) ; Margaret Bean ;Messrs. Renick Smith, (Dallas, Tex.);Hiram Roseberry, Douglas Clay, Jno.Kriener, Reuben Hutchcraft, John Ardery, Sidney Ardery, Harmon Turner,Wm. Taylor, Harry Horton, EdwardSpears, John Stuart, Ireland Davis,Joseph Davis, John Price, DukeBrown, Lucien Arnsparger, G. C.Thompson, Alvin Thompson, Clark.Wilson, Will Walton, (Lexington.)Misses Hazel and Martha Stephenson entertained at their homef onthe Clintonville pike in honor of theirhouse guesfs, Misses Neva Calvert,Paris; Mattie Morgan, Cornith; Vir-!ginia Highfield, Lexington; Edna Berkele, Lancaster; Lucille Baker,Princeton, and Hallie Goy, Richmond. Frappe was served throughout the evening byMrs. Bowen Stippand Miss Sallie Stephenson. Besidesthe members of the house party,those who enjoyed the evening wereMisses Marie Kimball and GertrudeMelton, Louisville; Ella Roe Nichols,Winchester; Sadie Parrish, Cora V.Parrish, Mary Allie Parrish, FrancesSmith, Delia Ella .and ElizabethBuchanan, Roberta Gorham, ElizabethLiter and Mary Adams Talbott;Messrs. Tom Kennedy, Orrie Estets,Ernest Darnaby, Vernon Lary, Lapsley Haskins, Brown Buchanan, G. C.and Alvin Thompson, Lucien Terrell,Forrest Buchanan, Harmon Turner,Nelson Strode, Prewitt Buchanan,Land Wright, William. Fleener, DukeDyker, Winchester; Harry James,Frank Smedley, Nutter and ChesterWood, Clark. Wilson and MarionDouglass.Other Personals on Page 5)I T A T .mT OTTAHnmnft' nlrvti. nMand bringing 7 rents a pound.William H. Whaley, Jr., of neaiParis, bought 1,083 head of sheep" int,Winchester last "Monday, from different parties, at prices ranging from$4.60' to $4.70.A beautiful bay filly owned by Allen S. Edelen, made her debut at Harrodsburg last week, and won theyearling harness class over a largenumber of high-class youngsters.Reports from various sections ofKentucky indicate a varied conditionof the apple crop this year, somesections having a big yield and others half a crop, and others the poorest crop in years.3DJL.A1ST CO HE 33 1STGreatest Shoe. Storesif i -r .- .. HSHOOTING AFFRAY.In a difficulty over the posession ofa gun and a hat, in Claysville7 about12:30 yesterday, Rufus Johnson, colored, shot Frank Dunsford, in the leftI breast, the bullet passing throughianci lodging in the back. Dunsford.wrested the pistol from Johnson andfired four shots at him, only one taking effect, in the back, passingthe kidney and coming out of the sideof his body. Dunsford 'was givenmedical attention, and Johnson wasoperate'd on. Both men! 'were-placedunder arrest and put under 'guard at-ineir nomesf ineir condition1 preciua-'-ftgjtheirremoval. Wl- fcThirty-one carloads of lambshave been shipped .from Vine Grove,Hardin county, during the presentseason. It is estimated that each carload contained 130 sheep, which valued at $6 per head, amounted to$24180- .. dThe farmers of Nicholas county,who grow tobacco are very much encouraged with their prospects. Manywho had prepared to set out a largeacreage of tobacco have planted cow Npeas and alfalfa in the tracts whichwere intended for "tobacco. .ikThe St. Louis hog market drop-Tied fnrr.v to fiftv p.ents Tnpsflav as airesult of the European war. Cattleprices, however, stiffened. The breakin the hog market was attributed touncertainty as to the exportation oflard and pork. . ,IMPORTANCE OF HEALTHYKIDNEYS.Paris Readers Should Learn to Keepthe Kidneys WeK,The kidneys have a big work to do.,- iyAll the blood in the body is coursing ,through the kidneys constantly to be- vfreed of poisonous matter. It is aheavy enough task when the kidneysare Well, but cold, chill, fever orsome thoughtless exposure is likelyto irritate, inflame and congest thekidneys and .interrupt the purifying -'work.Then the aching .frequently beginsand is often accompanied by some irregularity of th j urine too frequentpassages, sediment or retention. .Thousands testify to the wonderfulmerit of Doan's Kidney Pills, a rem-edy for the kidneys only, that has ,been used in kidney troubles 50 years.You will make no mistake in following this Paris citizen's advice. ,Mrs. Ida Huffman, 115 Man street,Paris, Ky., says: "We think Doan's wKidney Pills are just fine. We will- , tingly confirm the statement we gave isome years ago recommending them.I suffered from pains across the smallof my back. Seeing Doan's KidneyPills advertised, I got a supply atWilson's Drug Store and gave thema trial. I was very much pleasedwith the results."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Huffman had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y.4r-wFOR RENT.aiiThe store room .on Main Street recently occupied by Prichard & BallGarage. Apply to(aug4tf) PRICHARD & BALL:oTO LOCATE !N PARIS.The Mt. Sterling Gazette has this1complimetary reference to Mr. RobL,S$P. Walsh, who is soon to open a fclothing store here:"Mr. R. P. Walsh, formerly mem;ber of the old firm of Walsh Bros.,in this city, has made arrangementsto move, together with his family, toParis, where he will again embark inthe men's and boys' furnishing business. "Mt. Sterling can ill afford to lose ,,a citizen of Mr. Walsh's character, r.but our loss is the Bourbon capital's -Cgain and in him they will secure a , St-capable, conscientious and progres-sive business citizen."Mr. Walsh is a member of the local City Councir and his .departurewilL leaver yacancy in, that body thatwill be hard to fill. -While regrettinghis- loss, from 6mr eity we nph tohftn maHimcT' auooewk ujSL' ijp-JSBcreated prujuEjrv- la - WiyvWMjpaw-fcj--,.t J " T. ... ' -" . .. 5- r"' 'ts -A.-' ,r $!& :1MJL. ss&.2vl... i-vzi' t , , . tmt 1 mm 1 mil wv wait-Jtftet c5dF..."fi- -Aaws-BoUi;RrjBdwigfa:QUlS bt'not fXws. V ft