;w& '& -f-'VTT ,n .4",-M ." . '-, VC $.f? -' ' -' v? j ' vPUBLISHED EVFBT TUESDAY AND, FEIDiT IN THE TEAK- wVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 19 14.t --' - r5 imir Liy -vfwfr- ?lMMHHHB Hi . .,PJBB .Pw: v V PP -flH Pili fliinc.M H M .. , BF ?WH H ib "v HL tefl. .TISJiAi. TH Hr HIf 1 mHll2 K'H-i Bv. r i .GAMBEY SENTENCED PARIS HIT HAKE "- -IMYSTERY INDEM TWO.Suspected Poisoning in Deathof Two Children of Mrs.Hughes.OFFICIALS ARE .INVESTIGATING.Alleged Ptomaine Poisoning,But Officials Believe Drink. ing Water Poisoned,Negro Assailant of Miss Jennie Kiser Sentenced to PenFor Seven Years.The death of two children, the serious illness of a third, and the less serious illness of the mother and herdaughters, all alleged to be due toptomaine poisoning, caused by eatingcanned salmon, developed mysteriousfeatures here in the cases of Mrs.Zaidee Hughes and grandchildren,Wednesday.The victims of the poison are:Llewellyn Hughes, aged fourteen,son of Mrs. Zaidee Hughes; died inMassie Hospital.C. L. Hughes, Jr., son of C. L.Hughes, and nephew of LlewellynHughes, aged eleven months.Rawleigh Hughes, six years old, sonof Mrs. Zaidee Hughes; critically ill,not expected to recover.Mrs. Zaidee Hughes seriously ill butwill recover.Blanche Hughes, aged twelve years-,daughter of Mrs. Zaidee Hughes; seriously ill but will recover.In addition to the poisoning of thethree children, the adults of the family were also more or less sick duringthe past week, Mr. Hughes being illfor a few hours, his mother, Mrs. L.rHughes, and his sister, Miss BlancheHughes, also being attacked, but havenow recovered.All of the members of the family-who lived with Mrs. Zaidee Hughes'eldest son, C. L. Hughes, were takenill Sunday night following supper.Llewellyn Hughes and C. L. Hughes,Jr., were the most seriously affected,but all who were stricken were rushed to the Massie Hospital, whereevery effort was made to save theirlives.Llewellyn and C. L. Hughes, Jr.,died within a few hours of earh other,and Rawleigh Hughes is still in acritical condition.It was at first thought that the wellon the place was responsible for thetrouble, but later it was found thatonly those who had eaten the cannedsalmon had T)een made ill.Examinations were made by physicians into every possible source of"food and water supply which couldhave caused the poisoning, the children showing marked indications ofarsenic poisoning, it is stated. The"water of the cistern fell under suspicion, and samples of it were sent tothe Experiment Station at the StateUniversity for analysis.At the Experiment Station in Lexington, it was stated that the attending physicians in the Hughes case, after an autopsy, had brought the stomach of the children to Lexington forexamination as to the cause of death,but that the station -was not equippedto make examinations of this kind ina wav that their findings would beconclusive, and hence did not undertake the examination.The body of Llewellyn Hughes wastaken to Elizavip Wednefjday forTmrial. He was a bright, manly boyand had innumerable friends here.The police and other officials whoare working on Jie case are inclined,.to the theory i.r poison was placedin the drinkirg r by the family.A negro woman 'to had been employed in the family . - 1 whose namein known to the polio- had been discharged, and went awy threateningto get even.The affair is shrouded in mystery,but it is hoped that it will soon becleared up.Mrs. Zaidee Hughes is a sister ofMr. Perry McCord, of Paris, and is thegrandmother of the two dead children,and mother of C. L. Hughes, Sr., andLewellyn Hughes.Experiments were made on dogsyesterday with the water suspected ofbeing poisoned, and had the effect ofrendering them very sick.The record for quick justice wasmade in the Bourbon Circuit Courtyesterday when Wm. Gamby, the negro assailant of Miss Jennie Kiserwas arraigned, plead guilty; convictedand 'Sentenced in twenty minutes andless than an hour later was behind thegrim walls of the Frankfor,t prison.'Gamby, who had been taken to theLexington jail for safe keeping, on account of the intense feeling againsthim in the city and county, wasbrought here yesterday morningfrom Lexington in an automobile byDeputy Sheriff Ollie Marshall, andwas taken though the side entranceof the court house to the Circuit Courtroom.Gamby had been indicted by thegrand jury on Tuesday.When arranged for trial he pleadguilty; the trial Judge gave peremptory instructions to the jury; the juryreturned a verdict in a few moments;Judge Stout sentenced him to an indeterminate term of from, four to sevenyears in the Frankfort' Reformatory.Five minutes later he was hurried tothe waiting automobile, and in clirgeof Sheriff Marshall was rushed toFrankfort, where he was received inless than an .hour after being sentenced. The whole proceedings were carriedout so swiftly that but few personson the street knew what was going on.On Friday afternoon, May 29, Gambey was iarrested. near Kiserton, bySheriffs Talbott and Marshall andJailer Farris on a charge of attemptedassault upon Miss Jennie Kiser, theseventeen-year-old daughter of Mr.and Mrs. James Kiser, of Kiserton.The negro had climbed on the back ofof Miss Kiser's buggy at the Peacockpike crossing, while the young woman, who was returning from school,was reading a magazine. The negroremained on the buggy until a secluded place on the road was reached, asteep cliff overhanging the creek, fullof undergrowth and trees, 'when hesprang down and attempted to dragthe young girl from the buggy. MissKiser fought him off as best shecould and her screams brought assistance. Gambey was traced frompoint to point, was finally placed under arrest and hurried to Paris, whereafter hearing that he would be surelylynched if he remained, the officialshurried him to Lexington for safekeeping.FINAL NOTICE.LEAGUETMPresident Read, of OhioLeague, Visits Paris with .View of Placing Team.9"WE "KNOW HOW"'-ks,:WANTS NEWPORTTRANSFERRED.Confers With Prominent Lo. cal Fans and ThinksParis Is Sure Shot.Beginning Monday, June 15, bakerygoods not paid for on delivery will bereturned by the driver. This kind ofbusiness if not discontinued will necessitate the employment of a bookkeeper, which would be unprofitablefor these small charges.Respectfully,(12-lt) HENRY GROSCHE.ARMY WORMS IN MERCER.-4-HEJf!.-&fc W4W-Millipns of army worms have madetheir appearance in the eastern partof Mercer County in the past few daysand are literally destroying all kindsof crops.BECKHAM VICTORYMURED.Many of Stanley's SupportersSee the Handwriting OnThe Wall.A special from Newport to thedaily papers Tuesday, said:"A meeting of stockholders of theNewport Club of the Ohio StateLeague will be held Friday night, jwhen a decision will be made as tothe transfer of the franchise and clubto either Paris or Frankfort, Ky., orLancaster, O. Receipts at Newporthave fallen beneath the expectationsof the owners and the proposition ofthe citizens of the above towns navemet the approval of the local clubowners."The entry of Paris into the OhioState League, of which Lexington andMaysville are members, can be forecasted with a reasonable degree ofcertainty. It is proposed to makemake Paris the 'home of the NewportClub, that, owing to the CincinnatiNational influence, has not been supnorted DroDerly by the people who foryears had complained that they wereoarrea unjusuy liuui uigauwcu uoocball.Robert W. Reed, President of theOhio League, came to Paris Thursdayand was given information on whatParis has done and may be expectedto do towar'd the proper maintenanceof a professional baseball proposition.He will recommend to-day at a meeting in Newport that a transfer toParis will be the proper thing for thedirectors of the company to order.Not bankrupt, by any means, is theclub that no doubt is destined forParis. The league president did notstart a hat-passing campaign whilehere. It was his wish to relocate thefoam in n pnmmunitv where g"odbase ball is appreciatedin the right,way. If the change s mane Jbexington will be closest rival for Paris'.Maysville is the second clostst pointChillicothe, Portsmonth and Irontonare the Ohio cities in the circuit,which includes Charleston and Huntington, of West Virginia.This season is the seventh fofr theleague of which Paris is likely to become a. member. It ranks high in itsclass and has graduates on teams ofboth major and class AA ldagues.A shift of the Newport ciud meansthat Parisians will see better base ballthan has ever been provided for them.In case the contemplated deal is madethe inaugural series in Paris will tieplayed on June 20 and 21, with Huntington's club as the visiting one.During his visit Mr. Reed inspectedthe local ball park and expressed himself as greatly pleased with its location and its playing possibilities.The Newport team is amply guaranteed financially and the transfer hereis sought "because it was PresidentReed's natural preference. He hadlearned that Paris was considered oneof the best baseball towns in theState, and gave it first and only consideration. .v.Guaranteed 4-PlyLinen Collars5MMJ " Z,JvHine Dozen Only Sold ToCustomer.All Sizes and Styles.: Bay Quickt&Mitchell & Blakemore,The Store -for Men's Stvles . ParS. kfnhirlThe Store for Men's StylesParis, Kentuckyi ;. IsVLOOKS GOOD- COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS.The Citv Council met in regularsession last night with Mayor' Hintonpresiding, and five of the seven members present.A sewer was ordered built fromCypress Street and Virginia Avenueto Twelfth Street.The tax levy for the ensuing yearwas fixed at ?1.50 on each $100 worthof taxable property in the city as follows: 75c for general fund; 45c forPublic School; 4c for Public Library;4c for Massie Memorial Hospital; 22cfor Sinking Fund.An ordinance was passed compelling property owners living on Main,between Tenth Street and the EastParis bridge to make all sewer, gasand water connections prior to June22d, It which time the work of resurfacing Main Street will begin. Allconnections not made, by that timewill be barred. The ordinance in fullappears in another column of thisFRANKFORT, KY., June 11. Withthe Senatorial election only a shorttime off Mr. Stanley's friends hereand in other parts of the State seemabout ready to give up and concedeBeckham's nomination. 'rney saythere is no use ebncealing the factthat Beckham seems to be growing instrength, while Mr. Stanley and Gov.McCreary seem to be losing everyday. A prominent Democrat fromWestern Kentucky was in Frankfortthis week and he said in his county,which adjoins Mr. Stanley's, that allat once the Beckham Dana waguufilled and the Democrats are sillscrambling to get on. He said a fewweeks ago Mr. Stanley seemed tolovo o fair chance to carry the county, but- there was an over-nightchange and now tfecKnam wm v;anjit by a good majority.He said in taiking to leading Democrats from Western Kentucky hefound the same thing true of othercounties.' It seems to be generallyconceded that Beckham is going towin That is the way Democratsfrom all parts of the State talk inFrankfort, and they say he can pollon Ann mnra vnt.P.s in November thanany of his opponents. This seems to.be the opinion among Democrats whovisit the capital.dppk-tiaM LEADS IN WQLFE.CAMPTON, KY., June 11 The racefor the Democratic nomination forUnited States Senator in the primaryAugust a, seems rather to be onesided as far as this county is con-, TO MR. THOMASBourbon County CandinatePleased Winh the Outlook In Race.aFRANK & CO.BIG CLEARANCE SALE.6fReady to 'Wear Garments !Compare Our Prices With Other Stores, Then Come In and See the Garments'You Will Be Surprised at the Real Bargains Offered.j-MR. THOMAS PLEASED."Hon. C. M. Thomas, of Paris, candidate for Congress from the Seventh,Congressional District, passed throughWinchester Tuesday afternoon enroute to his home in Paris, fromTrvine. where he spoke that morning.While here between trains Mr. Thomas consulted with several mends in.regard to the outlook for his candidacy in Clark County and stated thathe was very much pleased with theconditions over the district Mr.Thomas will wage an active campaignin the interest of his candidacy fromnow until the primary in August." ;rwin Chester Democrat. I3:SCOTT COUNTY THOMAS CLUB."Recognizing that the issues in thepresent contest between Hon. ClaudeM. Thomas, of Bourbon County, andHon. J. C. Cantrill, of this county,for the Democratic nomination forCongress are paramount to any matters of personal feeling for or againstthe two candidates, that element ofthe Democratic party in Scott countywho can, not subscribe to Mr. Cantrill's attitude on the liauor Question.and who are opposed to Tiis Jasf andy JA. -j ,5&35IAT $9.95Silk, Poplin and Moire Suits,and Black.All ColorsAT $9.95Any Ordinary Size Wool Suit in Our EntireStock Worth Up To $35.00.AT $7.50We ore Offering a Very Select Line ofMisses' and Ladies' Suits WorthUp To $20.00.AT $9.95Any Ladies' Silt or Cloth Coat Worth UpTo $25.00.AT $4.95Any Child's Separate Coat Worth RegularlyUp To $15.00.AT $3.95Any Serge or Eponge Dress That Sold For-; nierly Up To $8.50.Come Early and Get Choice.E1'44yNis.,&ptfMjt4! af x V iNX' V "l V4 X44w.Si-f&,F?6c.VH. 2Contiinud pn Page 8.)' jt ) (Continue on' Pag 8.)The Store Wre Reliability Reigns.J"" M ""'.x" -StI-riissue.,&'V vfir-tXI.-,V,s ri.---t1 sVf...9&)f tTHE BOURBON .NEWS, PARI& KENTUCKY, JUNE 12 f914!MnritX,Ii4;i.inH5111iiV118Ft4Are Your Hands Tied?by a chronic disease common to womankind? You feel dull headachey? Backache, pains here and there dizziness orperhaps hot flashes? There's nothing yoacan accomplish nothing you can enjoy!There's no good reason for it becauseyou can find permanent relief inDR. PIERCE'SFavorite Prescriptionmr -rt i tt t 4. f r ..- Malcnn Cn Vn wrifcpj;; "I helievo I hadevery pain and ache a woman dbuld have, my.'.5 j u . i-; -.- :t,4-I aerrousness ana couiu uuu oieey i. uigm. J", r : - uZa t t. wkip, and every month would have spells and have to stay m bed. I have taken-&. wMoanfvnnr P'nvnrififl ProsM-intion' and one vial of your 'Pleasant Pellets .Can now do my work for six in family, and feel like a new woman. I thinkit is the best medicine in the world for women. I recommend xt to all my friendaand many of them have been greatly benefited by it.Dr. PIERCE'S PIJEAS ANT PELLETSRelieve Liver His!IU Paris Rome Celepftone and Cekgrapb o(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. K. E. SPEARS, CommericaI Manager.iff&&'&9 2&'&&'I BourbonDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.BourbonParis Kentucky.t.X.'.--..-.-.-.-..".1 1 1 r urn oxxati-xjmziGE'X W. DAVISFDNERAL DlifeCTOB AND LICENSED ElBAiMES.BOTH'PttOISES DAIl 137; NIGHT 299.t r t! oas !I 1r lttmg !Plumbing and Elecri-cal Work in AllTheir BranchesMasda (Tungston) LampsStoves, Rangesand Appliances.1 Spicer &i Gilchrist, ;Elks' BuildingS E.E. Phone, 103Home Phone, 101: tim?vat; Hred, worried or despondent it isswe sn you need MOTTS NERVERINPILLS. They renew the normal vigor ai- aaake life worth living. Be sure and ask IMotfs Nerverine Pills gftSVTfcTM-IAMS FG- CO., Prop., ClevelaBd, OkfcGfeefdorfer, DnnfUW" Paris, Ky..-W Jr . ' y " Iback was weak, and I suffered withQnflFor with soreness in mv ncrhtHave You aHOME TELEPHONEOur Bourbon CountyBusiness is GrowipgMore Rapidly ThanEver Before.Ask Your Neighbor About TheService, Then Let Us Figure With YouLaundryWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure. (USin "oing up the finest shirt-waists or anything in the frjlanndry line. That is whay "&made ihe Bourbon Laundrt (jfamous fo fine work and it iKdever goes bck on its repu- Wtation. If you are particular fjyabout how your linen is ililaundered, your custom is the 'kind we want as we like to jappreciateftmwLoimdryHEALTH PAST FIFTYCareful diet is of utmost importance tomen and women past fifty years of age;it keeps up their strength, and the oilfood in Scott's Emulsion is a nourishingfood, a curative medicine and a sustainingtonic to regulate the functions.It contains the medicinal fats of purecod liver oil and science proves that theyfurnish twice as much energy as otherfoods then too, it creates pure blood,sharpens the appetite, relieves rheumatism, strengthens the body and alleviatesthe ailments due to declining years.Scott's is free from wines, alcohol orharmful drugs. Beware of substitutes.Sew Barber SlwpCorner Fourth and MainModern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDrs. vz. :rrji:uoo"".""";-v",TrAiT.-u-.''' flnlftVW rolinvaa THi.itm.Mnn Bi.Mi.yica, -Licuiaigia, xacKacne, neaaacne ana 'Neva RUT arho in anv rtnrt rt tVin Hnrit' 4 -. 1,iuwcu uuuuiea npin,jrrtce 50c At All Druggists,Freo sample and circular sent on request.BOURBON RPMPnY P.nUPlNY. 342 East Main St., Uxfniten. KiB" 1 i i tJThe'Bourbbn NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postofiice as Mail Matter ' of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 pents per "incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, -10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved.to decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.NO BLUNDER IN CAMDENCREDENTIALS SITUATION.The Secretary of the Senate wasmystified Monday when informed thata Washington dispatch to an afternoon paper of Louisville stated thatGov. McCreary had sent him an improperly worded credential for J. N..Camden, and that he had returnedthe papers for correction. When asked if the Governor had" sent him anycredentials Mr. Baker Teplied that hehad not."Gov. McCreary simly wrote to measking for one of the new forms thatare customary to be sent out by theSecretary of the Senate upon requestof Governors and Secretaries ofState," replied Mr. Baker, "and whichmy office furnished him."Any statement that Mr. McCrearysent me any form, imroperly wordedor otherwise, is false. r He merelyWrote me a letter of ordinary inquiry."HOT WEATHER TONICAND HEALTH BU.ILDER.Are you run down nervous tired?Is every thing you do an effort? Youare not lazy you are sick! YourStomach, Liver, Kidneys, and wholesystem need a Tonic. A Tonic andHealth Builder to drive out the wastematter build you up and renew yourstrength. Nothing better than Electric Bitters. Start to-day. Mrs. Jas.Duncan, Haynesville, Me., writes:"Completely cured me after severaldoctors gave me up." 50c and $1.00,at your druggist.Bucklin's Arnica Salve for Cuts.(June)EVERYBODY READS.Everybody reads the newspapersthese days. We are as a liation ofreaders.We read the daily papers for theworld's news of the day, for the market reports, for the works of our Legislators in National and State Capitols. But we read the local paper for thenews which comes straight home tous the news which is necessary toour growing intelligence which is anessential part of our being.We read the local paper because italone can keep us in close touch withlocal affairs of moment with ourneighbors and the community withconditions which are of prime importance to us.We read the local paper becausewithout it we would be practicallystrangers in our own homes, becausewe would live in ignorace of thosehappenings of which local conditionsmake it imperative that we be constantly informed.Present day necessity requires thatwe read the papers, and especiallythe local paper.CURES STUBBORN,ITCHY SKIN TROUBLES."I could scratch myself to pieces"is often heard from sufferers of Eczema, Tetter, Itch and similar SkinEruptions. Don't Scratch Stop theItching at once with Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment. Its first applicationstarts healing; the Red, Rough, Scaly,Itching Skin is soothed by the Healing and Cooling Medicines. Mrs. C.A. Einfeldt, Rock Island, 111., after using Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment,wrifps! "This is t.hfi first, t.imp. in ninelirnoro T Tiowq Vtoon ffaa -Pttityi llOdreadful ailment." Guaranteed. 50cat your druggist.(June)New Hotel at Mt. Sterling.Mt. Sterling Mt. Sterling will soonhave a new and modern hotel. TheCity Council has granted a permit toJudge H. Clay McKee, of that city,for the building of a five-story building on the corner of Bank and Locuststreets and .plans and specificationshave been prepared and contractswill soon be let. The site chosen, forthe new building is one of the bestin the city, close to the governmentbuilding, depot, tobacco warehousesand business section. The buildingwill be built of stone, brick and steel,and there will be plenty of roomswith private batsh. The building willcost approximately $100,000.GET RID OF YOUR RHEUMATISM.Now is the time to get rid of yourrheumatism. You can do it if youapply Chamberlain's Liniment.- W.A. Lockhard, Homer City, N. Y.'writes, "Last spring I suffered frbmmy arms and shoulders. I got a bottle of Chamberlain's Liniment and thefirst application relieved me. "By using one botttef of it I was entirelv! cured." Forjale by all dealers.x-au.u.:jUSE: "TIZ" FORSORE, -, N TIRED, SWEATY FEETY"TIZ" makes sore, burning, tiredfeet fairly dance with delight Awaygo the aches and pains, the corns,callouses, blisters and bunions."TIZ" cfrawsout the acidsand poisons thatpuff up your feet.No matter howhard you work,how long youdance, how faryou walk, or howlong you remainon your feet,"TIZ"brings restful foot comfort.TIZ" is wonderful for tired, aching,swollen, smarting feet. Your feet justtinge for joy; shoes never hurt orseem tight.Get a 25 cent box of "TIZ" nowfrom any druggist or department'store .End foot torture forever wearsmaller shoes, keep your feet fresh,sweet and happy. Just think! awhole year's foot comfort for only 25cents.(No. 2-fri)"Cured"Mrs. Jay McGee, o! Stephenville, Texas, writes: f,Fornine (9) years, I suffered withwomanly trouble. I had terrible headaches, and pains inmy back, etc. It seemed as ifI would die, I suffered so. Atlast, I decided to try Cardui,the woman's tonic, and ithelped me right away. Thefull treatment not only helpedme, but it cured me."TAKECarduiThe Woman's TonicvCardui helps women in timeof greatest need, because itcontains ingredients which actspecifically, yet gently, on theweakened womanly organs.So, if you feel discouraged,blut, out-of-sorts. unable todo your household work, onaccount of your condition, stopworrying and give Cardui atrial. It has helped thousandsof women, why not you 7Try Cardui. E71SAVE MONEYWHEN YOUPAINT YOUR HOUSEIt costs no more to apply HighStandard"quality paint and it givesmore beautiful effects and wearslonger. Thus you will get bestresults and save money by usingothersThis is a ready-to-tise paint of highest quality. It has great spreading andprotecting power, and the colors arevery durable. It comes in a large number of tints and shades, making possibleany color scheme.Come in for color cards, and let ushelp solve your painting problems.Chas. E. Butler & Co,0pp. Court House.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.3s vvJSSSsjff!EkmL.-m -aStik:Interurban Schedule.Leave Lexington Leave ParisFor Paris for Lexington6.00 a m ' 6:45 a m7:20 a m 7:30 a m8:00 a m ' 8:15 a m8:50 am 9:00 a m10:20 a m 9:45 a m11:50 a m 11:15 a m1:20 p m 12:45 p m2:50 q. m 2:15 p. m3:30 p m . 3:45 p m- 4:20 p m 4:30 p m5:00 p m 5:15 p m6:00 p m 4 6:05 p m7:20 p m . 6:50 p m, 9:10 p m ' 8:15 p mvll:00 p m . N10:05 p mDaily, except Sunday " ,-- ?i .-. "., '-"V - 'Kr"K'PCHBBOjB)Opportunity Knock's But Once atYour Door. It is Knotking"TODAY"t i-i- 1Now is the time to think of your nextWinter's Coal.Cheaper now than any time duringthe r. Avail yourselves now.Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St.POPULARik&HIGH BRIDGEKBNTUCKYSunday, JUNE 1475cRoundTripSCENERYRECREATIONTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at 10.5& am.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further information.H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone-45 LEXINGTON KY.ftA NEAT BARBER SHOP.Mr. Carl Crawford has opened up anew and cozy barber shop at the corner of Fourth and Main streets. Newfurniture, sterilizers, hot water heaters, etc. Mr. Crawford and anothercapable barber are in charge and areready to take care of the wnts of theparticular men. Mr. Crawford invitesall his old customers ajid the generalpublic to visit him in his new place.(24-tf)the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than cltear, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and nlpsin witVinnfc n flinl-ordown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the inferiortankwasjon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our -works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto OiLINSURANCEAGAINSTFIRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGI W. Q. HINT0N, !AGENT.)For Old. Strong,- Reliable,i T Prompt-Paying Companies, see tme.A4444AA4AAA4444A4AAAAAAAxTSPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. Pinkhamrrledicine-'Co.has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold", Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.JThe Paxtoa Toilet Co., Boston, MassrBoth Phones 140EXCURSION75cRoundTripMUSICCANCER CUREDI guarantee every case 1 unX deriake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.I Spruce UpNow is the time to haveyour wearing apparel clean2 ed and put in order forJ Spring.We Do the WorkS Right.S Comparison will affordyou an opportunity toGive Us a TriaJ.EEC1CFiY GLEANIG &0.Cahal 4 Applegate, ProDs.J 627 Main St., Paris, Ky.iMMiMtHnmmiiiMCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber 5hop,(Next to Bourbon Bank) J3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pai:ronage Solicited.Professional CardsJ. S. Wallingford, I. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,'Phones 31 PARIS, KY.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones joyD . , S E. T. 334.Residence j Home 334.1R. A. W KELIiEK,) Practicing Physician,! Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gi Paris ... - KsntucfcJJ J. WIIiL.IAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAT7Aoom 1 Elki uuiiamzjudge.9mIdW1 f 'J.- iu.yx- .il, 1t ...iVj'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, JUNEU2, 114I -rNever Warp,Crack,Rot,CurI or Burn-UKe, Wood ohjnglesHEtdtrifrliMPCOLORSThey can be laid right over an old wood-shingle roof without dirt or bother, and they make it stormproof and fireproof.S They're inexpensive. For particulars addressBEST & HAWKINS, IWIIersbprg, Kentucky.ctf . .I d 1 Ki W iDJ-K-KlJlrOThe Finest on the Market. RECEIVED DAILYALSOAll the VegetablesOf the Season4tOUR LINE OFr itCanned GoodsCannot Be ExcelledIN. A. MOORE.YSauer's Old StandPfttiittfcilTOrDR. BELL'SSKin BlemishesCaused By GermsGerms get tinder thekin or in a brokenplace, and It is bardto get rid ot them.Pus sores or pimplesfollow.FIRST CLASS SERVICE ATFREEMAN'S BARBERSHOP.Antiseptic Salvesoon destroys these germs and Keeps themclean and healthy until nature heals. Vse it onthe face, lips, in the nose, anywhere, for itIs CLEAN. PURE AND HEALING.-Tell It By The Bell"ror Sale by All Druggists.Having engaged the service of LouisLivers, an experienced barber, I amqow prepared to handle my trade andgive the most thorough satisfaction.Give me a call and be convinced.BUCK FREEMAN."Water was named as the favoritedrink of New York 1914 students in apool. Beer ran a poor second, withgrape juice third.First Popular Price Excursion of the SeasonTo Cincinnati and ReturnJune 14, 1914,$1.50For the Round. TripundeySpecial train leaves Paris, Ky.; 8:20a- m., returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m. Forfurther information call onLow round trip Summer Touristuckets to all principal tourist pointsJ Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,OUth Putvilirio Tomiooo tT'it'O'iniov st Virginia,' Canada, Michigan,ew York. Vprmrmr California. Cnln-S Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyay 15,- until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct. 31, with very liberalstop-over privileges. For further in2oramtion call on or addressJ. Kr SMITH, T. A.,Suffered withThroat TroubledMr. Barnesused to besherifl! ofWarrenCounty,Ten nessee.Prom exposure tothe elementshe acquiredthroattrouble.He supposed thathis healthwas entirelyruined, inspite of allthe treatment hecould procure. Afterusing fourbottles ofiPeruna. h eclaims that MR. B. W. D. BARNES,he was en- MUCnnvilU. TM i,or -5VH. HARRIS, At.t i r e 1 yrestored to health.Catarrh of the throat is not-only anannoying disease of itself, but it exposes the victim to many other diabases. We are constantly breathinginto our throats numerous atmospheric germs. Disease germs of allsorts. This cannot be avoided: Ifthe throat is healthy the system isprotected from these polsenousgerms. But if the throat is raw andpunctured with numerous little ulcers, by catarrh, then the diseasegerms have easy access to the system.Keep the throat well and clean.This is the way to protect yourselfagainst contagious diseases. Garglethe throat as explained in the new'Ills of Life," sent free by the PerunaCo., Columbus, Ohio.Mr. Barnes says: 1 had throattrouble and had three doctors treating me. All failed to do me .anygood, and pronounced my health gone.I concluded to try 'Peruna? and -afteruig- four bottles can say I was entirely cured.' TO THE FOREThe Tricorne, the Cape andSilver-Buckled Shoes Neeessary to Complete the-Season'sTailored Suit.FEMININE FURBELOWSDESPITE SUFFRAGE.NEW YORK, June 10, -914.If in Paris one sees extreme thingsthat are really not acceptable, it isstill true that the recognized Frenchwoman of society, whether at home oramong her friends, is always gownedin perfect taste. Just now her taste-stops the tailored costume:The tailored suit has been inspiredby feminine grace until it is no longerto be recognized as the tailored suitwe used to know. It is the smartestWj . '.'s m- ,-.-f!McCalliankle in two ends. The underskirt 'ofthis frock was of the taffeta, and overit hung the long-plated tunic of silkvoile a fabric that wilb have a tremendous vogue this and the comingseason.Most truly feminine are the charming frill dresses which are the voguethis summer. Dainty lace-frilled ruffles, and lots of them, are the onlytrimming of many summer frocks,while lace, with a capital L, is reigning supreme. In fact, women is surrounded with all the delicate anddainty materials which set forth herpoints of beauty to the best advantage. Despite the talk that suffragewill masculinize the woman, the nearer she comes to that Valhalla themore feminine is her guise and themore becoming her garb.There is a delightfully fragile lacecalled Chinese lace. Quaint pagodasand fierce dragons are worked on acobweb net and curious lanterns areintermingled with convential flowersfaintly outlined with metal thread.Lace flounces of this kind are worn onevening dresses or afternoon gowns;they are, as a rule, arranged in grad-uatea wiatns, ana some or tne designsare as original as they are effective.Irish lace is very little used exceptfor children's dresses, where it stillholds sway. The vogue is for embroidered net, and some exquisitesummer gowns are covered withflounces and draperies' of plain creamynet.Black velvet belts, eirdle sashes.short tunics attached to a draped bre-telle-likewaist of black velvet, areworn with tulle and lace-draped liberfrocks. In the guise of square callars black velvet is invading the realmof the tailored suits. This touch ofvelvet is tending toward the velvetnote that will be struck with suchforce when next winter arrives butfrom now until then, who knows!Although pique is not being used somuch for white dresses this year, it isuser a great deal as a trimming fordresses of much sheerer quality.Waists of organdy, have collar andcuffs of pique. Golfine, a material that has a striped effectsomewhat similar in appearanceto pique, with an entirely differentfinish, however, is also used for cal-lars and cuffs, and for other trimmings on waists and entire dresses. IFigure,! is an example of the use ofone or tnese materials, rne aressitself is of cotton crepe, with collar,cuffs and waistcoat-girdle of pique.The double tunics each have bands ofpique around the bottom.;h""-"TwUtthtCoin".V am,i 'Us. y asjBjnBBaBVHsS - c3isVHVHbHbUI HaSHStBkck,Taaud WhiteTHE F. F. D ALLEY CO.LTD.BffU.N.Y.Haaiko,Ont.SHIE POLISHESSafe InvestmentT-wlnBrosGives advice to all the people of Paris "andJBourbon County to invest their money 'inj--Pique Trimmings on a Dress of CrepeMake it Smartly Up-to-Dateof the smart, and worn with a simplelinen blouse, these are worn in theafternoon everywhere. White piquewaiscoats with revers and points thatshow below an evasive basque, is anattractive method of replacing theblouse.This is worn with a simple skirt,possibly having a tunic, but alwayswith a very studied cut which doesnot hide the silhoutte. The sleevesare long and button fairly high, whilethe shoes to be worn with this typeof costume are laced or buckled withsimple silver buckles.The handbags are small and in velvet, but no longer in the form oftobacco bags. The Umbrellas and practical parasols accompany these costumes; they are in silk of solid colors, usually a smoky gray, with aleather handle having a monogram ofbrilliants. This is typical of the approved tailor costume. And no matter where the woman is who wearsthis dress she is among the most elegantly costumed of women, even if itis at a The Dansant. 'A string of enormous pearls thelarger the pearls the more correctis usually worn with this costume.It is also very smart to wear twopearl rings on the left hand, oneblack and one white but what quality ot pearls! while on the righthand is worn a large sappire or emerald cabocnon likewise marvelousgems.The hats are small and are no longer pierced by large hatpins; instead,two little jeweled pins, very short,are placed at each side. This is allthat is necessary to hold the smallJ toques and the straight cylinder hats,which entirely imprison the head.The tricorne is an excellent :type ofhat now in favor. It iff very" small,and fits close to the head; placedcrosswise, it is charming with a darkskirt and cape, with the bretellescrossing on a decollete blouse. Thegloves for this costume should beparticularly large and without buttonsand long, even if the sleeves of theblouse are also long.The reign of the pleated tunic hasinvaded the evening. We see charming dance frocks that sway and swingwith the rhythm of the dance in themost graceful manner. One suchgown had a new long, gatheredstraight basque, sleeveless, low cut infront and high at the back where itflared with a Japanese collar effect.This basque was of citron-coloredj taffeta, ,and a sash of the Same taffetapasses higli over the right hip'and,knotting just above the knees at thelft of the fronClalls almo'st to the" " v - .Clothing, Sh oes,Hats, Caps,Underwear, Etc.They will give you one hundred cents onthe dollar on your merchandise investment.Call in and see them.L. WOLLSTEIIN, Prop.! 'X' '! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! I ! ! ! ! ! ! ! . . .j. ! .. .. . , .j. . , , .f, 4, . .j, ! -I..I. .Ii.i j. .. .f !. ! ! ! r:bb -m, m 1 - .. . TA 4JEXCURSIONI WEDNESDAY, JULY 1,1914VIAl "CAROLINA SPECIAL"jJt .?sTO"Land of the Sky" and "Sapphire Country,"MOUNTAINS OF WESTERN NORTH CAROLINARound Trip Fares from Lexington, Ky.jfAftlSBBBBBBASHViLLE, n. c $9.00.'.S3 T.T.!' VWrtYNtaV LLt. N. U 10.DQ-5r" HENDERSON VI LLE, N. C .,. 10.00LAKE TOKAWAY, N. C 11.004tJJr-'YfiJVARIABLE ROUTE FARESOpportunity of going or returning via Chattanooga historicLookout Mountain enroute to or from final destiaQtion, $1.50 additional. )r,tW$$ Return? Limit July 16,1914.STOP-OVERS.Stop-overs will be permitted within final return limit of ticketat Knoxville, Tenn., and points east thereof. "Stop-overs will be permitted at hCattnooga, Tenn., on ticketsrouted via that pointMcCALItStriped Lawn in Magpie Colors MakeThis Stylish Frock."The magpie colors, which are, afterall, most becoming to the majority ofpeople are coming again to the -fore.Black and white are colors in whichone can seldom go far wrons:. Checksare good, but it is a season of stripeswhether in two or many colors.In my second illustration is a dressmade unusually striking by its development in black-and-white stripedlawn. The bodice hasi raglan sleeves,with collar and revers of wh,ite hemstiched orgady. The smartly-puffedskirt has an added ruffle, blow thepannier, of the strjped material Tunning the lengthwise" of the goods.This mode of checking thfeong lineof stripes is especially adapted to thevery tall woman.(C. N. O. & T. P. RY.)andSOUTHERN RAILWAYTickets good on "California Special"leaving Lexington 9:45 p. m.f also onall other regular trains July 1.Full information, booklets and sleeping car reservations o anpplication.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent or H.C. King, Passenger and TicketAgent, 101 E. Main Street, Phone 49,Lexington, Ky.W. A. BECKER, General Passenger Agent.bt.--r&77. S.-w i . . . j.1 itin-i i ,K "-1 1 : JMt t 'n":::::f-?:-":? tl'-! III-v-ihlCOUGHS AND COLDS WEAKENTHE SYSTEM. .Continued Coughs, Colds, and Bronchial troubles are depressing andweaken the system. Loss of weightand appetite generally follow. Get a50c bottle of Dr. King's New Discovery to-day. It will stop your cough.The first dose helps. The best medicine for Stubborn Coughs, Colds andall Throat and Lung Troubles. Mr.O. H. Brown, Muscatine, Ala., writes:"My wife was sick during the hot summer months and I honestly believeDr. King's .New Discovery saved herlife." Good for children. 50c andyMLow Round Trip Faresfrom Paris toNJextf T ork and Bostonvia LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE R. R.30 day limit Tourist Fare to 'ew York $28.00 , Boston $31 20 .60 day limit Variable Route Fares toNew York m .95 Boston $33.40REDUCED ROUND TRIP FARES TO MANY OTHER CITIES AND RESORTSSuperior Service to tKe East E iIortI For particulars, rates, folders, descriptive literature and sleeper reservations, addresa'V.H. HARRIS, Ticket AgentC"$1.00 at your druggist, v'(June)wwTsxs3sm&rsm&& ?&smsmcMeaa - -" -- - - -----"':uIfc?-1dII"- f'THE BdURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.,' JUNE 12 1OT4wi ,.JI J1ni!13aflifIm&'?,tie.IfiSi1.ti1KRa.iiftlliILKif.1(541i,;g i i i i i i i i y, . BIRTHH r. . .:, BABTIMIsIn' ill UflJJSOlUl&lV mmmmmmmummmuH 'Pure poWDERD 'MA1M0NALIkh 1H Makes Home-Baking Successful and fcasy Mannouncements. InnnilB llin nmonilllWe are authorized to announce Hon.C. M. Thomas as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Congressman at the August primary, to belield in this county on Saturday,August 1, 1914.INSURANCE MUDDLE ONEVE OF ADJUSTMENT.Although the conferences at Louisville between the insurance companies' represntatives, the State officials and the Kentucky Manufacturers and Shippers' Association, looking to a settlement of the insurancecontroversy have been held behindclosed doors, it was learned yesterdaymorning that a basis of agreement.!Jiad been reached which gives everyexpectation that the insurance war inKentucky is over.li is learned uDon the most directauthority, that the agreement will be.Tjased upon the following substantial fpropositions.:The companies will make a ten pgrcent, reduction in the rates of insurance upon all residence property located in cities and towns.The companies will make a fifteenper cent, reduction In the rate uponall loose leaf tobacco in storage.These two rate changes were thoseordered by the State Rating Board inMay, 1913.The companies will be permitted bythe State Board to make a readjustxnena of all rates on residence property not located in cities and townsand which are therefore without adpuate fire protection. It is recognized by the State Board that this readjustment will mean an increase inrates of this class of from fifteen to"twenty-five per cent.A commission of three is to be appointed ao make a study of the insurance conditions in the State and torecodify and harmonize the insurancelaws in accordance with the peculiarconditions of the State and the mostmodern and progressive insurancelegislation. One member of this commission will be named by the StateBoard, one by the insurance companies, and one by the business men'sassociations -of the State.Pending the report of this commission, and action upon its recommendations by the next session of theGeneral Assembly, the Green-Glennbill is to remain inoperative. Theexpenses of the commission are to beborne by the insurance companies.BAREFOOT SANDALS.We have just received a new lineof barefoot sandals for Misses andChildren. They are just the thing forthese hot days. Come in while weliave your size.(5-tf) GEO. McWILLIAMS.RUMORED THAT DEPOSITORSWILL GET DOLLAR FOR DOLLAR.That the depositors of the defunctbank of George Alexander & Co., willreceive dollar for dollar for theamount they had on deposit when theinstitution failed is the substance ofrumor that is in circulation here.This, however, cannot be verified, owing to the reticense ofthose involved,but it is said attorneys who are torepresent the stockholders of ahe concern have advised them to be prepared to meet the demands of the depositors. This, it is said, they haveagreed to doas soon as the affairs ofthe bank have been straightenedout.The obligations of the bank asidefrom the personal indebtedness of Alexander it is estimated will" exceed5130,000. The capital stock was 40.000, which means that the stockholders will be compelled to produce thesum of about $90,000 to meet the obligation.-REDUCTION IN WAISTS.$1.50 Waists at 98c, at Simon's.LEXINGTON TEAM WANTSGAME WITH PARIS.The following letter, which was received a"t The News office to-day is.seJLf-explanatory :June, 10, 1914.'Editor Bourbon News:"1 would like to learn the name oftKe manager of the Paris. Base BaliClub, as would like to make a game-with him. V you will kindly handtkis to the right party, will be thankiuL "Yours Respt.,D. Y. MARTIN,"JSlmendorf Dairy, Lexington, Ky."A BUSINESS HOUSE FAILS.'A. -long as we have business weirlU. hive failures, but as long as youSave a gas stove you will never havea. failure in your baking. .How canym afford to use coal for cookingpurpose when gas will cost you lesstfeaa one-half, besides gives you a coolkitcken.We handle the celebrated GarlandGas Range, which we will guarantee-4o give you perfect satisfaction.j(lt) PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO."THE BLACK MOODY."Rev. R.v Quarles self-styled "TheBlack Moody," wilt, conduct-a coloredoaa-rpmaating at the Bourbon County"9wdT Grounds on 'Sunday, June 28.Ha says the white folks -want tn hoa-rMm preach at 5:00 p. m. oa the subJJect, The Handwriting on the Wall."-w na v vh nauuuirik niiu i LiiuuiinLifer-Mrs. Max Munich and childrenare visiting at Alexandria, Illinois.Miss Etha VanArsdale is visitingher sister, Mrs. Brewer, in Franklin,Ind.Mrs. Mansfield, of Paris, is aguest of Mrs. S. W. Willett, in Carlisle. Miss Nellie Fithian has returnedfrom Danville to spend the summerhere.Mrs. W. A. Johnson was a visitorof Mrs. Gelon H. Routt, in Versailles,Monday.Mr. and Thos. Vimont have moved from Millersburg to Henry Addition to Paris.Miss Margaret Highland is visiting her aunt, Mrs. A. B. Ely, in Williamsburg, Ohio.Mr. James M. Russell has return-ed from a protracted stay at FrenchLick Springs, Ind.Mr Roy F. Clendenin spent several days in Maysville" this week inthe interest of his insurance business.Mr. and Mrs. C. T. Embry, ofUmatilla, Florida, have arrived to beguests of Mr. and Mrs. N. A. Moorefor the summer.Mrs. Frank Allen and son, FrankAllen, Jr., guests of Mr. and Mrs. J.Simms Wilson, have returned to theirhome in Sharpsburg.Mr. John Harris Clay has returned from Pottstown, Pa., where he hasbeen attending school, to spend thesummer vacation.Mrs. James Delaney, of Paris, isvisiting the families of Patrick Raf-Lferty and Mrs. Rebecca Sutherland, atBlue Lick Springs.Mrs. W. G. McClintock will entertain with a dance at Elk Hall tonight in honor of her charming youngguests, Misses Reba and Carolyn Jordan, of Hawkinsville, Georgia.Mr. Wm. B. Tinsley, who has beenin Pine Bluff, Mo., for the past threemonths, returned to Paris yesterdayand will resume his former positionwith the Paris Gas & Electric Co.Mr. Harry Barrow, baggagemasterat the L. & N. station, left yesterdayfor a threetnonths' vacation. Duringhis absence Mr. James Coons, whoformerly held the position, will be incharge.Mr. Earl Dickerson, who has justreturned from State University at iLexington is ill with typhoid fever atthe home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Lawrence Dickerson, on WinchesterStreet.Mrs. D. C. Parrish, who has beena guest of relatives in Pittsburg, Pa.,for some time, has returned home.She was accompanied by her grandsons, Billy and David Andrews, whowill spend the summer here.The Ladies' Missionary Societyof the Presbyterian Church will meetwith Mrs. Millard Kenney and Mrs.Charles Duncan at the home of Mrs.Duncan on Second Street on Mondayafternoon at 3:30 o'clock. This willbe a business meeting and a full attendance is requested.Rev. and Mrs. O. R. Mangumwere host and hostess to a pleasantboating party on Stoner Creek, Tuesday evening. Those in the party wereRev. E. D. Poe, of Louisville; E. T.Mangum, of Georgetown; Misses Patsy Clark and Mary Clark; Miss JuliaBronson, of Jacksonville, Fla.; Rev.O. R. Mangum, Mrs. O. R. Mangumand Miss Ruby Mangum.A congenial party of young people, members of the choir of theChristian Church, chaperoned by Mr.and Mrs. A. L. Boatright, enjoyed adelightful boating trip on StonerCreek, Tuesday evening. The members of the party were, Mr.E. T. Hinton, Mr. Frank O'Neill,Miss Clara Belle O'O'Neill, MissGertrude Slicer, Miss Ellen Henry,Miss Susanna Beitz, Mr. H. L. Terrell,Miss Sena Rion, Miss Kirkendall, Mr.and Mrs. Carley Wilmoth, Miss MaryHayden, Master Garland O'Neill, Mr.and Mrs. A. L. Boatright.(Other Personals on Page 5.)REDUCED PRICES ON MILLINERY.All millinery at greatly reducedprices for the next two weeks forCASH. Nothing charged during thissale.5-4t MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.SUGGESTIONS TOHOUSEKEEPERS.If you are so unfortunate as to beusing a coal rangs during this hotweather, pursuade your husband to remain in the kitchen, for five minutesbefore you serve dinner, and, see if hedoes not think you deserve a GasI Stove. Just tellhim that we sell theCelebrated Garland Range and that itis guaranteed to give perfect satisfaction, and last, but not least, that itwill cost you less than one half themoney to cook with gas that it doseto cook with coal.1t PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.WANTED.Financially responsible man inBourbon county and other counties inKentucky; $3.00 per day and expensesguaranteed to right man; legitimatesteady employment; no competition;a small farmer or milman preferred.Call' at Mrs. Cox's Boarding: House.;No 119 Main Street. Ask forMR. WRIGHT,(12-lt)State Manager.s.Born At the Massie MemorialHospital Tuesday, to the wife 'of Mr.Edward Blount, a daughter.Born To the wife of Mr. CharlesC. Green, manager of the local branchof the A F. Wheeler & Co.'s stores,on Tuesday, June 9, a son.. . Mr. Charles Blount, the popularyoung clerk at T. C. Lenihan's grocery, and Miss Hazel Paynter, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Paynter, ofHiggins Avenue, were united in marriage at the home of the officiatingminister, Eld. W. E. Ellis, on TwelfthStreet, Wednesday afternoon at 4o'clock. The bride is an attractiveyoung woman. vAfter the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Blount left for a short bridal tour.Upon their return they will go tohousekeeping in this city.DEATHSTHOMAS.Miss Mira, May Thomas, aged 15years, died at the Massie MemorialHospital, in Paris, Tuesday morning,following a protracted illness fromtuberculosis and Bright's disease.Miss Thomas had been in declininghealth for the past year, and threemonths ago she was taken to the Massie Memorial Hospital, where she hadbeen under treatment.She is survived by her mother, Mrs.W. C. Current, with whom she resided.HOWARD.Mr. Frank Howard, a bachelor,aged about 52 years, formerly a resident of Bourbon, died Monday nightat his home in Georgetown, where hehad resided for many" years. He is ason of ex-Squire John Howard, ofRuddles Mills.Mr. Howard was a well-known horsebreeder and trainer and was unmarried. His nearest, of kin are his brother, Mr. Victor Howard, with whomhe was associated in business, and asister, Mrs. George K. Redmon, ofParis. The pall-bearers were Messrs.Charles P. Davenport, Jas. M. GraigCharles P. Davenport, Jas. M. CraigJames Wolfe and Dr. E. B. Mumma.The body was brougha to Paris onthe interurban car from Georgetown,Wednesday morning at 10 o'clock, andinterred in the Paris cemetery. Theservices at the grave were in chargeof the Masonic lodge of Georgetownand the Paris lodge.PORCH SHADESWe sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.A. F. WHEELER & CO.(5-tf)! m$$(9 4S fJv V&jWjV & L Z-F - XS jfeSv KZZ ?-'5W tlWi v cv vsH'lYETH ? f - " B s , 'C '. ' 1 jrKat-- t l o -5 y&-"ZTS SJBfer- t- s -, 1 r'-.JZ s?rSUMMER GOODSThis Sate Begins Saturday, June 13.Will continue the rest of the hot month, with Porch Chairs, Swings,the No-Whip Shades, Refrigertors and Lawn Furniture. Let us showyou what a saving we have in store for you.Iweather burn you up when you can have a Gas Rangeto protect you. See our prices.Remember these goods must go, arid we can save you many dollars by buying during our Summer Sale Just a look will help you.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.i CHAST. GREEN, Manager.THINK CRECELIUS TOBACCO" POOLING ACT WILL STAND.A majority of Washington lawyersreading the decision of Mr. JusticeHolmes in the Kentucky HarvesterTrust cases Tuesday, believe thecourt will uphold the Crecelius tobacco pooling act as constitutional.This is the only remaining importantKentucky case before the court andmay be decided next week.They contend that the following extract from the Harvester decision in-dicates clearly that the pooling actnot only will be upheld by the courtin. this instance, but that the growershave nothing to. fear under the newantitrust bills recently passed by theHouse."But, if business is to go no, menmust unite to do it and must sell theirwares. To compel them to guess, under peril of indictment, what a community would have given for them ifthe continually changing conditionswere other than they were to an uncertain extent; to divine propheticaly determinate facts would be uponthe imagination and desires of purchasers, is to exact gifts mankindloes not possess."These reasoners say further that,n upholding the price-fixing of theharvester Trust, the court foreshadows a similar ruling in the Collinscase affecting the price-fixing of tobacco by farmers under the Creceliusaw.Many, however, who think to thecontrary, say the court will smash thepooling act and indicate to the nextLegislature that it must enact lawsaffecting business combinations andfarmers that will not be open to thecharge of discrimination.PRIMARY FOR POSTMASTER INSUGGESTED 3Y CHILES.WASHINGTON, June 11. R. A.Chiles, of Mt. Sterling, the. son of L.T. Chiles, who wishes to be postmaster of that city, called on SenatorJames and submitted a plan to endthe fight over the postmastership. , Hesuggested that a primary be held sothat the voters of Montgomery maydecide whether they wish Mr. Chiles,the choice of Representative W. J.Fields, or Squire Turner, the choice ofSenator James, to be postmaster.The term of Harry Lockridge, thepresent postmaster, expired March 5.Representative Fields is standing paton his recommendation that L. T.'Chiles be appointed, and SenatorJames, who had declined to indorsethis selection, is insisting that Mr.Turner shall receive the appointemnt.The postmastership pays $2,300 ayear.SAME OLD TERRAPINSAME OLD STORY.Thirty-eight years ago on June 3rd,Mr. John G. Blair cerved his nameand above date on a terrapin. Lastweek he came across the terrapinnot many yards distnat from theplace where he found and marked it.Terrapins, it is said, live to be morethan- a hundred years old. .Carlislei Advocate.ILet Us Start You With The Hot Weather.GasStoves. Are Included InThis Summer Sale.So don't let the hot,GOOD NEWS FOR PO" FOLKS..Reports are favorable "for a -largeblackberry crop. The recent rainscame just in time to refresh and makethe berries grow. This isood newsfor we po' folks.An Ordinance.RELATING TO CONSTRUCTING ABITUMINOUS MACADAM SURFACE .ON MAIN STREET; TOPROTECT THE SAMEFROMEXCAVATIONS FOR A PERIODOF FIVE YEARS, AND TO REQUIRE 'ALL NEEDED EXCAVATIONS TO BE MADE BEFORESAID BITIMINOUS MACADAMSURFACE IS LAID, AND PROVIDING FOR THE MAKING OFNEEDED EXCAVATIONS BY THECITY AT THE EXPENSE OFPROPERTYOWNERSWHOSHALL FAIL TO MAKE SAME BYTHE 22D DAY OF JUNE, 1914.City Hall; Paris, Ky., June 11th, 1914.Whereas, The City of Paris is aboutto construct a Bituminous Mecadamsurface on Main Street from TenthStreet to the County Jail, andWhereas, It is desirable to protectthe surface when so constructed, tothat end; vBe it Ordained by the Mayor andBoard of Council of the City of Paris,Kentucky;First: That the said surface shallnot be torn up or dug up, for the purpose of making excavations, sinkingor repairing pipes, or for any otherpurpose, for a period of five yearsfrom the time the Bituminous Macadam surface has been completed.Second: All excavations necessaryfor any purpose on Main Street between the points aforesaid shall bemade and completed before the saidBituminous Macadam surface is laid,and by the 22d day of June, 1914.Third: Any excavations necessary to be done for sewers, sinking orrepairing pipes, or for any other purposes, on said Main Street betweenthe points aforesaid, and not madeand completed by that date shall bedone by the City of Paris at the expense of the property owners priorto the construction of said Bituminous Mecadam surface.J. T. HINTON, Mayor.Attest: J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.G99S6f99999mm9THE NEWICEBERG.The reduced prices will:interest you. The largeRefrigerator was $35.00NOW $27.50and on down to $6.75.MUSTlefieiaioisNOTICE TO STOCKMEN.-.List your stock in M; J. Murphy'smonthly combination sales. Plenty ofbuyers always on hand. We can sellyour horses, mules, ponies, cows, cattle, hogs, sheep and poultry at goodprices. Next sale will be held on Monday, July 6, county court dav.(21ap-tf)FOUND.On the streets of Paris, a pocketbook containing a sum of money.Owner can obrain same by provingproperty and paying advertisingcharges.ERNEST MARTIN.FOUND.A bunch of keys. Owner can havesame by proving property and paying cost of this notice. Call at Bom;"boa News office.NOTICE.Owners of stock are hereby warnedagainst allowing their cattle andhorses to run at large in the City ofParis. There is a law against permitting stock to run at large, and violators will be arrested and prosecutedFRED LINK,(12june-tf) Chief of Police.4:Plumbing and ElecContractors.Stoves, Rangesand Appliances.I Spicer &Gilchrist,4t-Elks' Building,LT. Phone, 103Home Phone, 101GO!Special This week!ELECTRIC IRONS$2.00Will ll",W,ltl!?PfJtefaOPP. ifoURT HOUSE. X-AvV "THE BOURBON, NEWS;: PARIS; KENTUCRY, I JUNE, 12 1914jaWfe, jSOGIAL ANDM W mHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADETobacco insuranceagainst hail- SeeRoxie Davis. 26tfPERSONALMiss Sudie Arnold, of Covington,is the guest of Mrs. J. W. Larkin, onHigh Street.Mr. and Mrs. Russell Tarr re-JA vigorous search had been presistBEAUTIFUL SKIRTS CHEAP.150 Pecay Skirts with tunics, regular ?1.50 quality, "at 98c.HARRY SIMON.SELLS SLUEGRASS SEEDON THE PARIS MARKET.Hall & Elliott sold to J. S. Wilson,.f Paris, 4,000 bushels of bluegrasseed at 30 cents per bushel, to be delivered as soon as stripped.Martin Glenn sold to a local dealer,seven thousand bushels of seed at 30cents per bushel.CONVENTION PLACE OFMEETING CHANGED.The meeting place of the BourbonTounty Bible School Convention has.een changed from Paris to Mt Carmel, in August. It is hoped to haveif teen hundred delegates in attend-:nce.SEE CLOSING OUT SPECIALS INWINDOWS.See Lambert's windowsclosing out specials.for daily(9-2t)MR. GEO. RASSENFOSSDISPOSES OF HIS FARM.Mr. Geo. Estes, of this county, haspurchased of Mr. George Rassenfoss,now of Mt. Sterling, his farm locatedon the Georgetown pike, known as theold Lyle place, for about $145 peracre. The farm contains 101.56 acres,with a small tenement house and atobacco barn. The deed of conveyance was filed, with County ClerkPearce Paton this week.HALF PRICE ON HATS.Hats at half price, at Simon's.NEW SOFT DRINK.rTry our new soft drink "Special,"said to surpass Malt Meade and othersimilar beverages.(12-lt) JAS. E. CRAVEN.MRS. WARE MOVES TO 'NEW HOME ON CYPRESS.Mrs. Alice Ware, who has been living at Bourbon College, has moved tothe Prof. Johnson property on Cypress Street, wheih she recently purchased. Prof. Johnson moved from theproperty to an apartment in the Bourbon College building, in College HillCourt.REDUCED PRICES ON MILLINERY.All millinery at greatly reducedprices for the next two weeks forCASH. Nothing charged during thissale.5-4t MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD...BELOW COST AT LAMBERTSGlassware at the beginning of theseason below cost at Lambert's. 2tW .C. T. UNIONS OBSERVEFLOWER MISSIONS.Committees from the Paris andMillersburg W. C. T. Unions met onTuesday at the County Infirmary toobserve the , annual Flower MissionDayAfter an excellent dinner served byMr. and Mrs. Ed Speakes, keepers ofthe institution, the inmates and visitors assembled on the lawn underthe shade of the beautiful forest trees,where a religious service was conducted by Rev. Cossaboom, of the Millersburg Christian Church, after whicha luncheon of fruits, cakes and candywere served to .the old people andbunches of flowers were distributed.The Paris ladies went in the automobile of Mrs. Nellie Highland, whogenerously loaned it for the occasion.REAL BARGAINS IN SHOES.Closing out the balance of highshoes and low shoes ?3.00, ?3.50 andS4.00 shoes, at 98c. Sizes 2A to 4.HARRY SIMON.WASH DRESSES.$7.50 Wash Dresses, at $4.98, at Simon's. BARGAINS AT SPECIAL HOURS.Extra special hour sales every dayat 9 a, m. and 3 p. m. at Lamberts.BLUEGRASS SEED MARKETOPENS UP IN BOURBON.The market on blue grass seed wasopened in this section last week whenbuyers were offering twenty-fivecents a bushel from the strippers. Itis known that merchants lost ontheir purchases last year and it isthought that the reason the prices beean so low is because they wish toeven up matters, this, however, is theopinion of those selling. It, is saidthat green seed that sells from thirtyfive to forty cents, is considered a reasonable price and.one that will justifyfarmers in looking after this particlar crop, still there is mopgjlin theseed at 25 cents when takeiTfrom theADDITION TO STAG HOTEL.The Stag Hotel has added a diningimr nlace and will in thefuture serve meals regularly. Goodlhome cooking and everytmus tua,seasonable and good to eat w Jeon their menu, oycwu' -made to regular boarders.(1).SALE COMMENCES THURSDAY..The Lambert & Co.'s closing outsale cocs JTJtursday morning.turned Wednesday to their home inTampa, Florida.Miss Nancy Plunkett, of Paris, isI visiting Miss Mary Louise Woodruff,m Georgetown.Mrs. Emory Davis, of this citywas a guest of relatives in ScottCounty, this week.Miss Nell Whaley is visiting theW. C. T. U. Settlement School atHindman. Knox County.Miss Nettie Horton, of Mt. Sterling, is visiting her sister, Mrs. Catesby Woodford, near Paris.Miss Anna Efads Peed had asguests Sunday, Mr. Leon Morgan andMr. Otto Redwitz, of Harrodsburg.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Sharrard arevisiting Mrs. Sharrard's parents, Mr.and Mrs. Griffiith, in Harrison County.Miss Bettie Boyd, of the HomeTelephone office force, has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Carlisle.Mrs. C. C. Hazelrigg, of Louisville, is a guest of her daughter, Mrs.Wm. R. Scott, on South Main Street.Miss Margaret Baker has returned to her home in Lexington after avisit to Mrs. Margaret Kelly, in thiscity.Mrs. A. P. Allis, who has beenunder' treatment in a Cincinnati hospital, has returned home greatly improved.Mr. T. E. Moore, Jr., of Hazard,Ky., was a visitor in this city Wednesday, the guest of Mr. B. B. Marshand family.Mr. and MrS. Fay Ardery and little son are visiting Mrs. Ardery'smother, Mrs. Bessie Long Finnell, inGeorgetown.Mr. Joseph E. Hildreth continues seriously ill at the home of hisdaughter, Mrs. Carrie Innis Fisher, onStoner Avenue.Miss Luella Redmon guest, of MissAnna Eads Peed, is visiting friends inWinchester before returning to herhome in Louisville.Mr. Earl McCracken, of the Parisfire department, has returned from avisit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. W.C. McCracken, in Carlisle.Mrs. C. M. Clay, of this city, andMrs. Sam Stone, of Louisville, areviciting at the home cf Mr. and Mrs.T. J. Curtis, near Richmond.Mayor Jno. T. Hinton attendedthe meeting of the Curators of SaateUniversity, held in Lexington, Wednesday. Mr. and Mrs. Rick Thomas havereturned to Mt. Sterling, after a briefvisit with Mrs. Wm. Swearengenand Mr. George R. Davis.Miss Mary Foster, of Covington,who was maid of honor at the John-son-Lynewedding in Lexington, is aguest of Miss Martha Ferguson.Mrs. Thompson Tarr, Miss JuliaEdwards and Mrs. Hugh Montgomery,of Paris, were guests several daysthis week of Mrs. Frank P. Clay, nearShelbyville.Mrs. Edw. Slattery returned thisweek from St. Joseph Hospital, whereshe has been under treatment forseveral weeks. She is much improved in health.Attorney E. L. Worthington, ofMaysville, was a gpest several daysthis week of his sisters, Mrs. Wm.Remington, and Mrs. Gertrude Smoot.The latter, who has been seriouslyill for several weeks, is recoveringrapidly.Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Wagoner entertained a number of relatives attheir home near Mt. Carmel, with anelegant dinner Sunday, in honor ofMr. Wagoner's mother's eighty-secondbirthday. About forty guests werepresent and quite an enjoyable timeis reported.Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Saunders, ofParkersburg, W. Va., are guests ofMrs. Saunders' father, Mr. W .H.Whaley, and family, in East Paris.Mrs. Wade Whitley, of Paris, attended the luncheon given to thealumnea of Miss Williams' School, inLexington, Tuesday.me Young Girls' Missionary Society met at the Methodist ChurchTuesday afternoon with a good attendance. Mrs. Henry A. Power waswas present and favored the memberswith a solo. Two excellent paperson the Chinese and Japanese inAmerica," were read. The hostess,Mrs. George Ellis, served delightfulrefreshments.Messrs. Buckner Woodford, Sr.,of the Bourbon Bank, Thos. Allen andW. B. Allen, of the Agricultural Bank,S. E. Bedford, of the Peoples' Bank,and former Bank Examiner W. LYerkes, members of Group Seven, ofthe Kentucky Bank Association, attended the meeting of the associationheld at Olympian Springs to-day.Prof, and Mrs. R. H. Aldermanand sons, who have been guests ofrelatives in the city and county forseveral days, returned Wednesday totheir home in Sutherland, Fla.Those from Paris who attendedthe Carnival Dance, at Danville, onTuesday night, the guests of MissesClay, Stanley Dickson, North Middletown, John Price, G. C. Thompson andSid Ardery, who attended CentreCollege, were:. Miss'es Matilda James,Katherine Marsh, Anna Embry, Marie'Talbott, Frances Champ, Margaret,Ardery Carolyn Roseberry, Mrs.Frank M. Clay, Mrs. Alice Dickson,Mrs. Swift Champa-Mrs. Sidney Ardery, Mrs. Lee Price and Messrs.Ireland Davis, Harry Horton, EdwardFithian and Lucien Arnsparger.The dansant given by Miss Elizabeth Steele at Elks' Hall Mondayevening, was a most delightful affair.Music wafr furnished by a piano anddrum, and delicious refreshmentswere served. Those who enjoyed thedancing were Miss Louella Redmon,Louisville; Miss Bohannan, Missiuri;Misses Louise Steele, Anna Wilson,Elizabeth Crutcher, Matilda James,Elizabeth Brown and Elizabeth Embry; Messrs. Ireland Davis, JosephDavis, Edward Fithian, John Kfiener,Thomas Prichard, Harmon Turner,Scott and brooks Woodford, JohnArdery, Blair Varden, Thos. Walker,Jchn Stuart, Duke Brown, Mr. andMrs. B. A. Frank and Mrs. Milton C.IrBrowning, of- Cleveland, O.(Other Pergonals on Page 4j ."BODY OF DROWNED MAN -.COMES TO SURFACE.After having been in the waters ofStoner Creek for three days andnights, the body of Jett May, thenegro boy who was drowned Sunday morning. while in battling, was recovered shortly after noon, Tuesday.ently made by searching parties under tne personal direction of CoronerRudolph Davis and SuperintendentNewton Mitchell, of the Paris WaterCo., but without result.The body was discovered floatingon top of the water some distancefrom the scene of the drowning, byMr. Doug Thomas, Sr., who was exercising a horse on the the trainingtrack, which skirts the edge of thecreek for some distance. With theassistance of stable hands the bodywas secured and brought to shore.Coroner Davis was notified, and hadthe body brought to town. An inquest was held Wednesday morning,the jury returning a verdict of deathfrom accidental drowning. The bodywas buried in the Paris colored cemetery.STATED CONVOCATION OFROYAL ARCH MASONS.A stated convocation of Paris Chapter No. 15, Royal Arch Masons, Paris,will be held on Friday, June 12, 1914;at 7:30 p. m. Work in several degrees; annual inspection.JOE H. EWALT, Sec'y.FIRE IN DUMP HEAPCAUSES AN ALARM.A dump heap on fire in the rearof Jas. H. Batterton's grocery and icecream factory, on South Main Street,Wednesday evening, called out thedepartment in response to""an alarmfrom Box 33. No damage.fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.WHEELER'S SUMMER SALE.Read the new advertisement in thisissue of the Summer Sale inaugurated by A. F. Wheeler & Co.GOOD FORPOULTRY!We Have the Stuff ThatMAKES HENS LAY !Saiyet Poultry Tonic isthe best egg producer weknow of. It's a greatsuccess and we warrantit to prove satisfactory.Price 25c for a box thatgoes a long way.Salvet Roup Tablets, 50ca box. They give unusual satisfaction.Bourbon Poultry Cure and41144, the two old reliables, 50c per bottle.We have all the other poultryand lice powders, such asPratt's, Hess', International, at25c per package. Crude Carbolic Acid for disinfecting henhouses and nests 15c per pint.People's PharmacyPARIS, KY.Doyle Buildin g Sth and Main"Watch Our Windows."BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Following adjournment from-Mondaymorning, court convened Tuesday morning and resumed Vork. After hearing motions, tne case of Chas.Lee, colored, charged with sellingliquor in local option territory, wastalcen up. Lee was fine,d $20.John Johnson, Claude Ratliff and T.G. Brannon each confessed judgmenton charges of selling liquor to minors,andwere fined $50 each.The case of the Commonwealthagainst Robert Link, charged withmalicious shooting and wounding J. R.Masterson, was called Tuesday afternoon and the testimony was concluded. The -case was continued untilWednesday morning.Upon the reconvening of court Wednesday morning, arguments wereheard in the Link case, and JudgeStout assessed a fine of $500 againstthe defendant. Pending arrangementsfor liquidation, Link was placed temproarily in the custody of Jailer Farris. The grand jury made its first report, returning six indictments, noneof which were made public. Thegrand jury is investigating the failureof the George Alexander Bank, but sofar no report has been made on ahesubject to the court.The big county building was onp ofthe coolest places in the city duringthe heated spell. The wide corridors,high ceilings and numerous highwindows gave free" ingress to7 whatzephyrs happened that way, and thecourt officials transacted business incomparative comfort.Beyond the hearing of motions andthe sensational record-breaking trialof the negro, Wni. Gambey, no business of importance was transacted inlcourt yesterday. An adjournmentwas taken until this morning. Thegran,d jury remained in session.91OWING TO OUR LARGE SPRING BUSINESS IWE WERE FORCED TO DUPLICATEOUR ORDERS ON-S Silks, Challis andWash GoodsIIHowever, you will find patterns and styles that aredifferent; values that you will'will sayare unsurpassed ZOur Dress Trimming and Lace Stock mCannot be equaled in this part of the State 9When it comes to LACE CURTAINS, DRAPERIES Sand RUGS we are right there we have the goods, ZW. Ed Tucker.I Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.. . 'm9999i 9Have you a porch swing?. If not,call in and look at our line. Beautiesand cheap. j(12-4t) LAVIN & CONNELL. 1PORCH SWINGS.;rfewv vn V'-"-WflAflWV uW"uew- ff.Pvr.'"HOMES DESIRED FOR EP-WORTH LEAGUE DELEGATES.Names of delegates who will bepresent in. Paris on June 23-36 to attend the Epworthv League Convention are now coming in. Many pastorsof churches in the Kentucky Confer--ence will be here. Any who wishesto entertain either delegates or pastors will confer a favor by notifyingMr. Denis V. Snapp, President of theParis Ep worth League, as early aspossible. This will be the largest Epworth League convention ever held inIfontiiplrv nnl ocoiottinpp ic Qclrff1 nf '" . " " -,cne citizens or .rans 10 emercam uiedelegates and visitors.W HBWIIT WEATHER SPECIESix Iced Tea Glasses,.Six Iced Tea Spoonsand Six CoastersAOLDEST IN THE BUSINESS.ALL FOR$4.50Lawn mowers sharpened and re-'paired. Oldest antomobile and ma-chine repair shop in the city. jSM'L KERSLAKE & SON, 'East cor. Third and Pleasant Sts. J(15m-2mo)C. O. HINTONIEXTRAPorch and Lawn Goods!FOR ONEWEEKONLY!Vudor "R CASHSFEulfiliFORONE WEEtff -v '- ---? T! - vStRE-ENFORCEDHAMMOCKSONLY!THE KIND THAT LAST.You must not, you cannot afford to mass these big bargains. Goods charged at reguEar prices.OFFERS THE PLEASURES OFPicture takingINDOORS OR OUT.Come in- and we will show y.ouhow easy it is to us a Kodak. . Alarge line ofKodaks, $6.00 to $20.00.Brownie' Cameras, $1.00 to $12.004-passenger Lawn Swings reducedfrom $7.50 to $5.90Lawn Benches reduced from $1.25to .79Steamer Chairs reduced from $1.25to 75Porch Swings reduced from $3.00 to 2.35(Chains and Hangings Complete)Porch S firings reduced from $4.25 to 3.25Vudor Hammocks reduced from&L85to 1.35Porch Rockers reduced from $4.00to :$2.9aPorch Benches reduced from $8.75to 5.85Vudor Shades reduced from $3.00to 2.00Porch Tables reduced from $7.50 to 5.60Crex Rugs reduced from $1.75 to. . . 1.15Bombay Reed Chairs reduced from$10.00 to ,. 7.50Kaltex Chairs reduced from $7.50 to 5;95.5DaughertyBros.We arcshowing an .immense line of these goods and the X-above prices are given merely as an example of what your fmoney will do for you for one week. COME NOW! "DQN'TWAIT! You will not see these prices duplicated. NO SCO .-OND HAND GOODS.We Are Also Offering Big Reductions on Go-Cartis.and Refrigerators.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance Wood MantelsrrV'.T)'4A-Pi :THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KY., JUNE 12, 1914lY ONI ENTIRELY SATISFACTORY."I have tried various colic and diar-j rhoea remedies but the only one thatI cored me when I was afflicted isf Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. I recommend it tomy friends at all times," writes S. N.Galloway, Stewart, S. C. For sale byall dealers.I(June)ge- t. r.! you're "'225 years Behind.rCol. Roosevelt's "river bf doubt"was put on the map, 225 years ago, according to Rev. Bernard Murray, pastor of St. Bernard's Church, Chicago,who disputed the claim of the BullMoose chieftain that he discovered anew stream in Brazil.Rev. Murray declared that the Colonel simply rediscovered the MederaJ or Mederia River, which was locatedin maps published in London in 1688.W VHP - P 7 PWS ?$7 VP QSv w1 Si ZPavs to SCeep Coot IeepSn Stot WeatherJust as it Pavs to Keen Warm inCold Weather, or Dry inWet Weather.Then Why Not Try one of OurElectric Irons on Two Weeks Free Trial?We Will Deliver it at Any Time.Why not drop into our office and look at our line ofElectric Fans?ITher are just as sensible in Summer as a coal fire ftin Winter. IParis Gas & Electric Co. Im (Incorporated)Pans Odorless Cleaning Co. 8Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your"' clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.M All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryReblockedto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Palis Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.m vvmte viu uioves leanea, snort, uc; long zoe.JNOWj OWN, NOTED .,; I ,, ;'KENTUCKIAN IS 'DEAD.John W, Owen, known as "Old Kaintuck," is dead at Laplata, Mo., at theage of 76 years. Jn. 1910 he talkedfrom Laplata to Louisville, pushing awheelbarrow. In J912 he attemptedto walk to Baltimore to attend theDemocratic National Convention butgave up at St. Louis and returned toLaplata by train. He was a native ofKentucky, but lived in Missouri manyyears. His unique trip to Louisvillefour years ago was for the purpose ofvisiting the scenes of his boyhood. Hewas one of the best known charactersof Missouri and was known to peopleof many sections of the State. Owensaid that his walk of -several hundredmile to Louisville agreed with himand he gained weight on the way.CRYING FOR HELP.Lots of It in Paris But Daily GrowingLess., ; VSTRAYEDFrom the farm of Dr. William Ken-ney, ou me exmgum jmte, oaiuraaynight, one black or brown horse mule.Large wart on foreleg. Informationas to whereabouts should be communicated toCAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK,Paris, Ky.FOR RENT.IStoreroom on Main street known asthe Weatherall property. Possessionto be given at once. Also 3 rooms upstairs. Will rent as a whole or separately. (15-tf) CHAS. PEDDICORDThe kidneys often, cry for help.Not another organ in the wholebody more delicately constructed.Not one more important to health.The kidneys are the filters of theblood.When they fail he blood becamesfoul and poisonous.There can be no health where thereis poisoned blood.Backache is one of the frequent indications of kidney trouble.It is often the kidneys' cry for help.Heed it.Read what Doan's Kidney Pillshave done for overworked kidneys.Proof of. merit in the followingstatement:Mrs. Eva Cooper, Main Street,Winchester, Ky., says: "Although Inever had occasion to use a kidneyremedy myself, I can strongly recommend Doan's Kidney Pills for wehave taken them in the family withfine results. One of the family hastaken them with excellent results forpain in the back and kidneys."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don't simply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Cooper had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y."Jerry," a New York truck" horserhas developed a mania for diving offthe piers. He jumped into the NorthRiver twice in one day.For Sale.N otice !M-- ,Sherwin-WilliamsWAGON AND IMPLEMENT PAINTwill save your wagons and implementsby keeping them in good condition andmaking them last the longest possibletime. Brushes out easily, covers well,and dries with a rich oil gloss. Verypermanent in color and durability.Handsome colors to select from.itAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Mahala Brent, deceased,are requested to present them properly proven to trie undersigned Administrator on or before July 1, 1914.All persons indebted to MahalaBrent, deceased, are requested to callupon the undersigned and makeprompt settlement.JAMES MACON,(29-3t-eot) Administrator.See the Cake Walk !Don't fail to see the old-fashionedSouthern Cake Walk at the BourbonCounty Fair Grounds by the BourbonBlack Blitzens on "Friday, June 26th.White ladies and gentlemen arecordially invited, and a special section will be reserved for them. Wehave positive guarantee of good orderfrom our Chief of Police Fred Link.BOURBON BLACK BLITZENS.C. A. DAUGHERTY.AFTER GRADUATION-THEN WHAT?To the Creditors of fieorgeAlexander & Co. StateBank.A Folding Bed, Book Case, SideBoard, Moores Air-Tight Heater,(large size.)MRS. MARGARET McDERMOTT.East Tenn. 'Phone 719. (5-3t)NOTICE.Notice to SwimmersiAll persons are hereby warned 'against going in swimming in eitherStoner or Houston Creek without firstattiring themselves in a suitable bath-'mg suit. 'All persons caught swimming with-'out being suitably clothed will beplaced under arrest and prosecuted.W. F. LINK, ,(29may-tf) Chief of Police.)The creditors of the above namedGeorge Alexander & Company StateBank are hereby notified to file theirclaims with the undersigned, verified as required by law, at my officeat the Bourbon Bank & Trust Company's place of business in Paris,Kentucky, on or before September 1,1914; and all depositors of said bankare requested to bring in and leavewith the undersigned their passbooks, in order that they may beposted.BUCKNER WOODFORDSpecial Deputy Banking Commissioner. (22-Fri 3mos.)This month the schools of this cityand county are sending forth manygraduates into the world of affairs.What will the future of these youngmen and women be?It is incumbent upon us to extendto them the opportunities for advancement and expansion which we ourselve sought in our younger days, foras we extend to them the hand of fellowship we instill into their souls asweet essence of humanity, the formation of character which makes themreal men and women.I They are leaving the institutionali walls with an exhiliration and exuberance which will lead them afar injthe search of life's vocation" andj happiness.! TIipv will mppt with manv obstacles1 ovl lennnninftnonfc hnt WD Cf7CX. faith in the young people of thiscommimitv .and we fullv exnect tosee many of them shed honor and lus-ter upon their names and their nativeheath, as others have done who wentforth from the "old halls" many, manyyears ago. It is in their blood, andit needs but the opportunity for fulfillment. The News wishes to be one of thefirst to extend to these young graduates the hand of fellowship in theirentrance to the serious side of life.May the future grant to them the )fullest measure of happiness andprosperity. They are going out intoa world that will buffett them, but itwill do them good to come in contactwith the real world a world totallydifferent from their school books.Silk puttees, rainbows of color,wound around the calf from foot toknee, are now affected by womenwearing slashed skirts, in lieu ofstockings.The man whose pants legs are tooshort always has coat sleeves thut aretoo long.Illiterates in Fayette.Lexington Mrs. Nannie G. Faulconer, Superintendent of Schools of Fayette County says that the census ofilliterates taken by her trusteesshows that ttiere are 85 adult whiteilliterates and 111 adult negro illiterates in the county, a total of 195. JThis doesv not include a report onilliterates between the ages of 10 and20, which will be made later.PureOpenKettle' RenderedLard$6.00per SO lb. canThis Week onlyBaldwinsBros., SParis, KentuckyBoth Phones $32 SSPECIALSUMMRmmLCOMMENCING TUESDAY, JUNE 16In Dry Goods,. Dress Goods, Silks, Underwear, Ladies' Suits, Skirts, Waists, Millinery and Shoes.Wc must realize cash at once, and in order to do so will truly tell you we intend to make a quick Cash Savins Sale andniurder prices so outrageously low to force sale of seasonable goods. This is now your harvest time to reap bargains. Wehave only a limited space, so we can print only a few bargains. There are thousands of others in the store.Read The Following Cash-Saving Prices:Lawns at 4CCarico at 414cBleached Cotton, at. 5cFine Dress Ginghams, at. ..8 1-3cFine White Ratines, at 15cWhite Voiles, at..'. --15cPlaid Skirts, at 50cCrepe Dress Goods, at 12J4cCharmous Silk, per yard 35cIndia Linens at Sals Prices.Curtain Drapery, at 9cWide Swiss Flouncing, at... 25cTable Linen at Sale Prices.Needles, a Package 2cLong Silk Gloves at Sale Prices.Silk Hose, Sale Price v. .23cLadies' Black Hose, Sale Price 8cChildren's Hose, Sale Price 7cLadies' White Hose, Sale Price.... 10c.-100 Silk Waists, at $1.95Hair Nets 2 for 5c500 Fine Waists, at 95c(Worth $1.25 and $1.50)BIG SAVING ON MUSLIN UN-DERWEAR.100 handsome umbrellas, at 95c. (Worth $1.50)LACE CURTAINS AT SALE PRICESLadies' Vests, at 5cLADIES' SUITS AND SKIRTS.100 Ladies' Stylish Suits, all sizesand Colors $7.95.50 Ladies' Skirts $1.98(All Colors and Sizes, Worth Doublethe Price)75 Ladies' Skirts $2.85(Latest Styles, Worth $4.50.)90 Ladies' Fine Skirts $3.95(Worth $5.09 $6.00, $6.50) .Silk Petticoats, Sale Price 98cMercerized Petticoats, Sale Price.. 49cI lot of Fine Corsets, Sale Pride.. 75c(Worth $1.50)Pique Skirts, Sale Price..95Ladies' Dresses, stylish $2.95Ladies' Fine Serge and ClothDresses, at $3.9575 Ladies' Dresses, at $4.98(Worth Double)Ladies House Dresses 95cPetticoats, at 25cExtra Wide Hamburgs, per yd.... 10cWide Flouncing Embroidery,for Dresses, per yd 25cTalcum Powder 10c100 Ladies' Stylish Suits, at $7.95(All Sizes and Colors)SALE PRICE ON SPRING COATS.'Kimonas, Sale Price 49cChildren's Dresses, 'at. 49cLadies' Parasols, Sale Price.-. 98cLadies' Muslin Gowns, at 48cBoys' Rompers, at . 25cRAIN COATS AT SALE PRICES.Dust Caps, Sale Price 9cLadies' Stylish Trimmed Hats,Sale Price $1.50(Worth $2.50)Ladies' Fine Stylish TrimmedHats, Sale Price $2.49(Worth $4.50)Stylishly Trimmed Ladies' HatsSale Price, $3.95(Worth $7.50)SALE PRICE MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S HATS AND DRESSESBABY CAPS AT SALE PRICES.LOT OF LADIES' AND CHILDREN'SSHOES AND SLIPPERSAT SALE PRICESWE ARE SPECIAL AGENTS FORPICTORIAL PATTERNS ,W. B.CORSETS, BON TON CORSETS,DENT'SGLOVES.,CELEBRATED K I Df .'SJA final word to you-DON'T DELAY, but come early. The big crowd will eagerly buy up thebig bargains. Tell your friends and neighbor,.1?'Rememberthe PlaceTWIN4 &BROS.Department ,'''-- Store.CORNER SEVENTH AND MAIN STREETS, PARIS, KY.wmjm MM m tm m m aa" m-- ifc---- r . , V v P.... 'a. : . " ,K,,",il.,: ,4jt r l.L A W-- . . .,. 45"W. a..i .! -' . U . rntfJ-li' ifr , -A,tff.&l. .,MiiprT ''' 3t-VTHJE BOURBON fffeWS,, PARISi KENTUCKY, JUNE. T(sp. .? ' i l "Hi i, 'u ' VBP yjWlWMMSrft W Bi-WPIWBmW2 1914 ;r- -Sr-JOf BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops in thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaandbther chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lsiingtoa, Ij.SAYS SULPHUR IS SURE TO". , RELIEVE ITCHING ECZEMA.Get An Ounce of Bold-SulphurCream And Heal Skin "Eruptions Right Up.For Salt Dy W, T. BrooksHHHiMHHOne application soothes and heals a roughpimply&iun.and.whenrepeated.quicklyeffectsicure. .bczema, .erysipelas, letter, Ulcers and.1 stun diseases yield to its curative properties.Mia a dox. At ail Druggists.Seed for free sample and book. "Health and Beautj.'JOHNSTON, HOLLOWAY & CO..X730 Spring Cardan St., PMla., Pa.nmmu.'tia Tmu- Great-Grand-Dti 3RP$V9 All used May - Apple Mw$JfMRoot to releasejthe WjyAMM bile from the liver. 11 WCPfJIt griped those days hLx&V 4but in the PODOLAX WXformula the. gripe has fiZOne Lone GermBreeds MillionsA sore or cut lets thegerms under the skin.If you don't stop Itsbreeding there will bamillions in a few days.Stop the Breeding With Jill. BELL'SAntiseptic SalveIt stops the breeding at once. It keeps away allother germs It soothes and heals as sure asyou use it. A 25c. box wiU prevent hundredsof dollars of trouble.. "Tell It By The Bell"For Sate by All Druggists..31TgPILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMEPWill cure Blind, Bieedinj? and Itching Pit3t absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacts as a- poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 81WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, 01L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Pari., Ky.Any breaking out or irritation on theface, arms, legs or body when accompanied by itching, or when the skin isdry and feverish, can be readily overcome by applying 'a little bold-sulphurcream, says a noted dermatologist.He informs us that bold-sulphur instantly allays the angry itching andirritation and soothes and heals theEczema right up, leaving the skinclear and smooth. Bold-sulphur hasoccupied a secure position for manyyears in the treatment of cutaneousdisorders because of its parasite-destroying property. Nothing has everbeen found to take it's place in treating, the irritable and inflammatoryskin affections. While not always establishing a permanent cure it neverfails, to subdue the itching irritationand drive the Eczema away and it isoften years later before any eruptionagain appears on the skin.Those troubled should obtain at anypharmacy an' ounce of bold-sulphurcream which is applied to the affected parts in the same manner as an ordinary cold' cream. It isn't unpleasant and the prompt relief afforded,particularly in itching Eczema, provesvery welcome. (adv)ONE OF HENDRICKSON"BAND IS CAPTURED.EAgActing upon information receivedfrom officers afc.St. Charles. Va.. Sheriff Rufus Wilson and Deputy Sheriffs'-uave Elliott arid Charles Wilson leftPineville Monday afternoon in searchof Press Henderson and "Happy" Jno.Hendrickson, who made their esccapefrom the mine at Four Mile last January. Upon their arrival at St. Charlesthe officers ,made quick work of thecapture of Press Hendrickson. Heattempted to show fight and was shotin the head by Sheriff Wilson. Hewas taken to Pineville and lodged injail."Happy" John, it is reported, left -St.Charles just in tinu to escape the oe-i-.-. nftont-e iwnvicumi ',i3iLEEreSALVL0000 FOB THE FfES-ANO EYES0HLYEAGLE EYES?yoa tbjak thai watery matteryEAGLE ETE SALVE and ym havejcttgie jtyes again.ASHES OF MRS. STEVENSONTO REST BESIDE HUSBAND.In fulfillment of her last wish, theashes of Mrs. Robert Louis Stevenson will repose beside the body of herhusband on the summit of MountVaca, Somoa.This was made public at LosAngeles, Cali., on the authority ofMrs. Isobel Strong, daughter of Mrs.Stevenson.Before the door of the tomb will beinscribed the last stanza of Stevenson's verse to his wife:"Teacher, tender comrade, wife,Fellow farer, true thru life,Heart whole and soul free,The August Father gave to me."To this tomb there will be no meansof access except a rough mountainpath. When the will of Mrs. Stevenson, who died in Santa Barbara several months ago, is settled, her children, Mrs. Strong and Lloyd Osbourne, will take her ashes to Samoa.The ashes are now in San Francisco.INDIGESTION AND CONSTIPATION"About five years ago I began taking Chamberlain's Tablets after suffering from indigestion and constipation for years without finding anything to relieve me. Chamberlain'stablets helped me at once and by using them for several weeks I wascured of the complaint," writes Mrs.Mary E. McMullen, Phelps, N. Y. Forsale by all dealers.(June)Anyway, us common mutts have itall over the ball players. Our errorsare not published every day.The old-fashioned man who mindedhis own business and got rich nowhas a son whose name is WilliamGoat and who has a hard time earning $10 per week.The Nightengale must have somehuman blood in him. He quits singing and starts croaking as soon as hehas to raise a family.The Hendricksons engaged the officers in a battle when they attemptedto arrest one of them for a jnisdemeanor at 'Four Mile last Decemberand have been refugees since thattime. They are also under indictmentfor the murder "of Jim Miller and arealleged to be implicated in the murder of George Hawn at Four Mile.W. JOLLY GETSINTO RACE FOR SENATOR.Uriri't WnrvrI Yourself During theHot Weather!I But Come in and We Will Suggetta Ouick and Fasv rVIsf -fV VOn the eve of the final anti-primarymeeting of the Republican StateCentral Committee, which in its previous convocations has evinced an inclination to mediate differences withthe Progressives, George W. Jolly, ofOwensboro, former Collector of theSecond District, filed his petition withAssistant Secretary of State Cecil H.Vansant, Monday, requesting that hisname be placed on the August primary ballot as candidate for the Progressive nomination for United StatesSenator. He is the first Progressiveor Republican to go so far as to filea petition. It did not confirm to therequirements of the primary law, andwas returned to him for correction.With the filing of his petition byRollin Hurt, of Columbia, the race forthe Democratic nomination for Judgeof the Court of Appeals in the ThirdDistrict is definitely made up, withChief Justice Hobson and Mr. Hurt as jthe candidates. Mr. Hurt's petition jwas filed by Attorney General Garnett, his fellow-townsman, and the ac-icompanying affidavits were signedby L. O. Taylor and J. R. Garnett, ofCoumbia.FOR AN IMPAIRED APPETITE.WOMAN COULDHARDLY STANDBecause of Terrible Backache. Relieved by LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.Philadelphia, Pa. J' I suffered fromdisplacement and inflammEtion, and hadsudh pains in mysides, and terriblebackache so that Icould hardly stand.I took six bottles ofLydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound, and now I cando any amount ofwork, sleep good, eatgood, and don't havea bit of trouble. Irecommend Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound toevery suffering womam." Mrs.HARRYFisher, 1642 Juniata Street, Philadelphia, Pa.Another Woman's Case.Providence, R.I. " I cannot speaktoo highly of your Vegetable Compoundas it nas done wonders for me and Iwould not be without it I had a displacement, bearing down, and backache,until I could hardly stand and was thoroughly run down when I took Lydia EPinkham's Vegetable Comnound. Tihelped me and lam in the best of healthat present. I work in a factory all daylong besides doing my housework so youcan see what it has done for me. I giveyou permission to publish my name and Ispeak of your Vegetable Compound tomany of my friends. ' ' Mrs. Abrel Lawson, 126 Lippitt St., Providence, R. I.Danger Signals to Womenare what one physician called backache,headache, nervousness, and the Klues.In many cases they are symptoms of . Bowels in healthy condition. Givesome female derangement or an inflam- you better health by ridding the sysmatory, ulcerative condition, which may , tern of fermenting and gassy foods,be overcome by taking Lydia E. Pink- Effective and mild. 25c, at yourham'sVegetable Compound. Thousands druggist.of American women willingly testify tu j Bucklin's Arnica Salve for all hurts,its virtue. (June)Sliced Ham,Minced Ham, .Dried Beef,Bologna, -Imported Swiss Cheese,:t Brick Cheese,Pimento Cheese,Snarmt PIioackf; ..cx 4,N. Y. Cream CheeseCanned Meats of AH Kinds.Stone's Famous Silver Slice Cakes.T. C. LE1NIHAN.To improve the appetite and tostrengthen the digestion try a fewdoses of Chamberlain's Tablets. Mr.J. H. Seitz, of Detroit, Mich., says:"They restored my appetite when im-to J paired, relieved me of a bloated feeling and caused a pleasant and satisfactory movement of the bowels."For sale by all dealers.(June)Anyway, you never saw a fat girlon a motorcycle.London gossip has it that PrincessMary Dubar II in the royal householdderbv nool and the Oueen. learning ofIt ; it, made her give up the $1,250 prize.ALWAYSLEAD TOHEALTH.BETTERSerious sicknesses start in disorders of the stomach, liver and kidneys. The best corrective and preventive is Dr. King's New Life Pills.They purify the Blood Prevent Constipation, keep Liver, Kidneys andCash Grocery.1 Both Phones 234..HBB.aaH.iM"Automobile For Sale.Maxwell Mercury Roadster, 3(Kh. p.,110 inch wheel base, No. 1 condition.Cheap if sold at once.DR. H. M. HAMILTON,(2-3t) Paris, Ky.Automobile TiresAt Factory PrictSAVER. J. NEELYWAREHOUSEStables and Coal YardFor Rent!.FROM 30 TO 60 PER CEITTire TuW ?28x3 ? 7.20 $L5 I30x3 7.80 1.95 "30x3 10.80 2.80 - ' '32x3 H.90 2.95 ' ;34x3 12.40 3.00 " j32x4 13.70 3.35 133x4 14.80 3.5034x4 .16.80 3.6036.4 17.85 3.9035x4 19.75 4.85 136.4 19.85 4.90 .37x4 21.50 5.10 ;37x5 24.90 5.90All other sizes in stock. Non-tires 15 per cent, additional, rad to!ten per cent, above gray. All ntclean, fresh, guaranteed tires.standard and independent make. Bofldirect from us and save money.. iper cent, discount if payment inrui over ou years mis nas Deen a accompanies each order. C. O. D.buuiieaaiui uubmesb sianu in me jj'arm 10 per cent, deposit. AllowingImplement, Seeds and Coal Business, amination.Possession on or about July 1. TIRE FACTORIES SALES CO.w. w. miiiinBLL, jqz. jDept. A Dayton, OhWm KjAT-t-ri"You Must Close Out Entire Stock in 30 "Days Regardless of Costmats tne ureters From Headquarters."rt" -.. 11 -Never again will you have the opportunity of buying merchandise at sucli prices right at the beginning of the season.Special Hour Sales at 9 a. m. and 3 p. m. Every Day.You Can't Af f 6rd to Miss One. Sale Started Thursday, June 1 1 , With aGRANITE WARE SPECIAL''Nothing reserved. Everything must go. Come in and see the wonderful bargains, and you will lay in a year's supply.Enamel Ware50c W. & W. Enamel Buckets, Sale Price 39c45c W. & W. Enamel Dish Pans, Sale Price 35c$1.25 W. & W. Bowl and Pitcher, Sale Price 89c25c W. & W. Enamel Wash Ba'sin, Sale Priee 1 9c25c W. & W. Enamel Stewers and Boiling Kettles. . . 1 9c85c Blue and White Enamel Tea Kettle, Sale Price. ..69c50c Blue and White Coffee Pot, Sale Price 39c50c 4-quart Double Boilers, Sale Price 39cSpecial Prices on all Grey Ware. ,Glass Ware'2oc Near-Cut Bowls '- 1 0c25c Near-Cut Nappies : . . . 1 Oc60c Ice Tea Tumblers, per set t 45c60c Star Cut Tumblers, per set 45c70c Water Set, 7 pieces . 50c70c Berry Set, 7 pieces : 50cDishes75c Hand-Painted Bowls, each 45c25c Blue Bird Ware, each '"..... 1 5c25c Hand-Painted Plates, each , 1 5cReduced Prices on all Dishes. .,.i.Lamps"f 1"-.$1.00 Parlor Lamps50c Mammoth Sewing Lamps.25c Kitchen Lamps69c39c19cFlower Pots10c Flower Pots., .. 5c5c Flower Pots 2 for 5c10c Milk Crocks5c$2.50 Rubber Tire Wagons.S1.50Dry Goods50c Ladies' Muslin Pants .v. v. .T . . . 39c25c Ladies' Muslin Pants. mjm ...... t cc '25c Ladies' Corset Covers :,.. 1 9cAll 10c Lace, 2 yards for ."V. , .'. J. 1,5cAll 10c Hamburg, 2 yards for. .:"..'. ....... .VI 5cAll 25c Hosiery, per pair. .- 7.1 9cV-cA Beautiful Picture With Every"50c Purchaseoisk For It.mayfield, Ry.Paris, Ry.THE LAMBERT COUnion City, Cemi.mempfi$, tejtfcrFEE'S OLD SCnOFEE'S OLD STANDIncorporated),v v lt i"j:JuTHE BOtfRBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 12, 1914.8irii-i!v7rr.SifaMIflmscrn13hi41i JA4-17"M OF MILLERSBURGMiss Nancy Jones is visiting reltires in. Paris.Mrs. M. P. Collier will give a reception Tuesday afternoon.Miss Bruce Redd left to-day for avisit to friends in Carrolton.Mr. C. W. Corrington was in Cincinnati on business Tuesday.Mrs. O. R. Rankin will give anjelaborate reception this afternoon.Miss Elizabeth Glancy, of Carlisle,Is a guest of Miss Ida May Ryan. -Mrs. Bert McClintock entertaineda number of lady friends with rookThursday afternoon.Mrs. W. A. Young and son, whojhave been visiting relatives in Lexington, returned Monday.Mrs. K. R. Vaught, of Indianapolis, Ind., arrived Sunday as the guestof her parents, Mr. and Mrs. T. D.Judy.Col. W. M. Layson left Tuesdayfor a ten-days' sojourn- at Martins--ville,Ind.Miss Nola Redd returned Thursday from a visit to Capt. Mulliken andfamily in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Boulden, ofMaysville, visited relatives here fromSaaurday until Monday.Mrs. W. E. Ammerman and daughter, Miss Edwina, attended the funeral of Mr. Shirley Tate at Mt. Vernon,Tuesday.The new dynamo for the electriclight plant has arrived, and connections will be made made in the nextfew days. 9Mrs. J. T. Purdy and Mr. Jas.Dctv have returned from Lancaster.-where they attended the funeral ofMr. Doty's father.Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Allen attended the Banker's meeting at OlympiaSprings Tuesday and Wednesday, accompanied by Mr. S. M. Allen.Assistant Attorney Graham Smedley, of Austin, Texas, arrived Mondayas the guest of his father, Mr. J. G."Smedley. He leaves for his hometosday. Dr. Dailey took Lettie Young, colored, to St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, Tuesday. She will probably undergo an operation for ruptured arlery. While returning from the Daileyfire, the charge in the new chemicalengine accidently upset, and but forthe prompt action of Mr. O. W. Ingels,would have expolded.Miss Allie Talbott, who has been. conducting a private school in homeof Dr. G. R. Deans the past year, leftMonday for her home at Adams, N.ty. She will return in the fall.Mr. Claude Daily, of Paris, wholias been at home ill for several days, ;is able to be out again, and willprobably be able to return to his-work in a few days. MMr. J. H. Burroughs will Wgin remodeling his home next week. It-will be almost completely made new,-and when finished will be one of thejmpst desirable cottages in Millersfcurg. Misses Lucile Dailey and Kizzie"McDaniel, while swinging in a porch-swing at the home of Miss Dailey,some nights ago, came near meeting-wiah a serious accident. The ceilingTook in the tOD of the porch to whichthe swing was attached gave way and ifH, narrowly, missing &em. MfessMc.Daniel muustruck on one hand as theplank fell? inflicting a painful thoughnot serious "bruises.THE SICK Mr. J. J. Peed continues very much the same; Dr. W. G.Dailey is suffering with rheumeatismin one arm; Miss Gladys Hurst, whois ill with inflamatory rheumatism, isnot so well.Mrs. T. D. Judy entertained anumber of her lady friends Tuesdayafternoon with rook in honor of herdaughters, Mesdames K. R. Vaughtand A. M. Vaught, of Indianapolis,Ind. Notwithstanding the intenseheat, the occasion was a most enjoyable one. Ices and cakes were served. Blaze was discovered in the roofof the home of Dr. W. G. Dailey about1:00 a. m. Wednesday, and had it notbeen for the timely discovery, thehome would have probably beendestroyed. It is supposed to havecaught from a spark from the kitchenchimney. The fire had evidently beensmouldering for more tnan an nour, asthe fire in the kitchen stove was outlonf before it was discovered. Thedamage is but slight.Mr. Roscoe Linville left Wednesday for Yellowstone Park, where hehas accepted a position as a conductorof tourists through the park. Mr.Linville has accepted this position inthe past for two seasons, an dahd accepted it for last season, but was called home on account of the death ofhis father, Mr. J. H. Linville, and ashe was needed at home, he. was compelled to resign his position. Theseason lasts from June 15 until September 15.The many friends of Mr. TomSheller will regret to learn that hiship is no better. He left Wednesdayfor Cincinnati to consult a specialist,after having consulted several of theLexington physicians on Tuesday.The probability is that he will haveto be put in a jacket for 18 months.This will unfit him for work, althoughhe will be able to go about.Miss Alma Nutter returned to herhome at Georgetown, Monday, after atwo-weeks' visit to her cousin, Mrs.J. P. Auxier.Mr. and Mrs. Aaron McConnellwere given a party Monday eveningby the Christian Endeavor Society ofthe Christian Church, of which .theyare active members. A handsomepicture was presented by the Societyto Mr. and Mrs. McConnell. Mrs. McConnel is an active member of theSociety and a teacher in the SundaySchool. Progressive rook was -indulgedin from 8 ao 11 oclock, afterices and cakes were served, and thelast good byes were said. Mr. andMrs. McConnell left Thursday fortheir new home at Harrison, O., Mr&.McConnell going by way of Maysville,where she will remain with relativesuntil Monday. Their multitude offriends here wish them success.BECKHAM VICTORY,. 'NOW 'ASSURED.'(Continued fi;om Page )cerned. la is fairly estimated thatGov. Beckham will receive more thantwo-thirds of the votes of the countycast in 'the Senatorial race.i - -. -7 7TLOOK GOOD TO' MR. THOMAS.A crowd on Randolph Street, Chicago, fought for possession of severalhundred false teeth, blown from adentists ndow by the explosion of avulcanizing machine.BURR GROUND MEALBurr' GroundManufacturedYour grocer sellsMeal. Give it a trialbyMILLERSBURG MILLS(22-1 mo)SONQRA STRONG FOR BECKHAMSONORA, KY., June 11. The announcement that Mr. J. C. W. Beckham would speak here in the interestof his candidacy for the United StatesSenate was received with great approval. Mr. Beckham has always beena prime favorite with the -voters ofthis vicinity, and in the coming election he numbers many supporters whohave formerly opposed him, but willvote for him to rebuke the action ofthe four treacherous Legislators of1908 who elected Senator BradleySonora is in a very strong "dry" section, and they are lining up solidlybehind him'in the present race.BECKHAM GETS OVATION.FRANKFORT, June 11.- Gov Beckham returned Sunday from a week'strii through Eeastern Kentucky. Heleft again Monday for Carrollton andother poinas along the Ohio River.He will be gone a week. The reception he received in Eastern Kentuckyis said to have eclipsed any previouspolitical campaign on record. Greatcrowds greeted him at all his appointments, and at each station along theroute crowds gathered to assure himof their support in his race.It was a great ovation from the timehe left home until nis return. Withthe great development of this sectionof Kentucky came more voters, andhappily a great number are Democrats, who will cast their vote inthis State in August. It is said a bigmajority of them are supporting Mr.Beckham. During his recent visitthere he was told of this fact. Manyminers called to See him and saidtheir first vote in Kentucky would befor him. It is said the mining vote isalmost solid for the ex-Governor, notwithstanding the fact Mr. Stanleyclaims he has this vote under histhumb and can do with it as hepleases. According to reports received here there was quite a contrast inthe reception given Mr. Stanley inEastern Kentucky and that givenGov. Beckham. It is said Mr. Stanley aroused little enthusiasm and wasgreeted with small audiences.(Continued from Page-1.)present questionable political alliances, have inaugurated a campaignfor the formation of a Scott CountyThomas Club, with the pledge of giving their support to Mr. Thomas, whothey believe truly represents theirviews on this vital question."From present indications it looksas if the luor -question will be thedividing line in this county; althoughthere are many Democrats here whohave not heretofore been alignedwith the temperance element of theparty who will cast their vote againsMr. Cantrlll because of his questionable alliances with Postmaster Sinclair and other Republicans. Tomake this feeling stronger it is noticed that a number of Mr. Gantrill'smost active friends here now areDemocrats who declined to sign thepetition to have Mr. Sinclair removed. "While the fight in Scott Countywill be waged in the open there is adisposition to eliminate entirely anyand all matters of a personal natureregarding the candidates." Georgetown News. ,SKIRTS CHEAP.7.50 Skirts, at $4.98, at Simon's.HERE'S A REAL CASEOF IVORY HEAD.John Smith, aged thirty years, a negro employed on the L. & N. construction camp, near this city, becamedrowsy while walking the track nearGerdra (formerly Bedford) Station, onthe Winchester division, and lay down,on the rail to take a nap. The coming and going of trains was a matterof indifference to John, and presentnecessity of a sleeping place a matterof choice. Thirty minutes after Johnhad lapsed into slumberland a freightengine smote the sleeper's pate anda freight engineer looked out expecting to see a dead and mangled body.John sleepily awoke, rubbed a bruisedplace on his ivory head, and calmlyproceeded on his way. Dr. Daughertypronounced him "a genuine bonehead."PORCH SHADES.We sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.(5-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.! Thomas & Woodford IftFire, Wind,I Lightning- Insurance! fM3Protect Your GrowingTobacco AgainstHAILIOnly First-Class CompaniesRepresentedtfMARKET HOUSE,Eighth and MainWILL NOT ASK INDEMNITY.No DeliveryNo PhonesNo CreditSliced Ham ber lb 25cSliced Breakfast Bacon, lb .25cFresh Pork Sausage, per lb 18cChuck Steak, per lb, 16cRound Steak, per lb . ..18cLoin Steak, per lb 20cPorterhouse Steak, per lb.. 22cPlate Roast, per lb 12cChuck Roast, per lb 15cRib Roast, per lb 16cRump Roast, per lb 15cPork Chops, per lb 18cPork Roast, per lb , 16cPure Lard, per lb 14cFresh Fish Received Daily.M. J. Helleri&CO.ommmmammmmtmmmammmmmmmmmmwmmmmmmmmmmmmimmmmmmmammmmwm1 Nero Summer Stoles 'f INIAGARA FALLS, ONT., June 10.Mexico will not be asked by the United States to pay war indemnity. TheHuerta Government has learnedthrough the American delegates thatthe Wilson Administration will beuuuteiiL to nave sec up in Mexico astaple government to succeed Huerta's rule.TO CLOSE OUT IN 30 DAYS.The Lambert Co. must close out entire stock in 30 days. (9-2t)LEAVE YOUR GUN ATHOME HEREAFTER.After June 15 th pistol toting shouldnot be so popular as heretofore. Conviction under the new statute, meansa fine of from $50 to $100, a jailimprisonment of from -10 to 40 daysand disfranchisement for two years,and if presisted in, a term in the pen.The public will watch with interesthow juries go after the offenders.THINK OF IT!$25. Suits at $9.98, at Simon's.j'jittnntimi If.MTHE "PRUDENTMAN" MAGFIRST OF ALLA BANKBOOKmmskiDL" "trplr?B5F mltffl IWHjw pE f"SmWfM-W JE""'-!'" Ill WJm.in movmSNAPPY FOOTWEARFor Men Women and Children.Fashion and Common Sense Both Tell Us That Low Shoes Should BeWorn in Summer.The Greatest Selection of Summer Footwear !Of Snappy New Models Which Set the Pace for Style and riave Long Heldthe Record for Comfort and Wear, " '.'At Greatly- Reduced Prices.Having a bank account and constantly ADDING toit isthe one sure way to make life a success.We offer to those who are not yet banking with usthe services' and safety, of our bank. Whether or not youare yet banking with us, feel free to come and consult usabout any investments you are figuring on. Without chargewe shall cheerfully give you our opinion.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.. Capital, $i00,000,00.J. M. HALL. PresidentSurplus, $40,000.00.c. k. JHOMAS. CashierLadies Colonial P.umps, enriched with shiningsteel buckles or the more subdued black leatherornaments, $4.00 values at $2.99 and $2.49Ladies' Oxfords and Mary Jane Pumps, in Patent-Coltor Dull Soft Kid. lierht soles. S4.00 values, at $2.99 andLadies's Suede and Velvet Baby DoH Pumps,custom made, $3.00 values at $2.49 andLadies' White Canvas Oxfords and Pumps, bestmakes, S3. 00 values at $ 1 .49 andLadies Oxfords and Pumps in Patent anal GunMetal, or Dull Kid, $2.00 and3.00 value at. . . .2.491.991.991.49Men's Tan Oxfords and Shoes, English last, ofthe Walk-Over make that fit so well,at $4.50 and $4.00Men's Oxforsd in Tan and Gun Metal, of thefamous Walk-Over and Beacon makes, at ..... . 3.50Men's Oxfords, button and lace, bench made,at $2.49 and 2.99Men's Patent and Gun Metal Oxfords, bestmakes, at - ,99jSoys' Shoes and Oxfords in all leathers andstyfcs. at $1.99 and 1.49i Wa A fa Tnii7 QfiAiY7iiY 1H w illw IIUtt UilU'TY lUctnIDMisses9 and Children's Pumps and Oxfords at Lowest Prices.IN" COHHIIM'fiGreatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReignsThe newest and smartest Pumps in Patent,Dull Kid nd Gun Metal, in Colonial andBulgarian styles, with the new Louis and SpoolHeels. .. Also Baby DollPumps in Patent and GunMetal Come to us to be fitted.' Geo. Mc Williams,I Phones 301 ' The Shoe Man I.ULt '. -w v . &4 . 3mmt Wjbesfc&?vv $ J ---r-. iv-ipt .., c. ),7