-W 'SSr'AJ -r-;w"W, - aJ wps"! -?-r ,-T'"'r v -Mre3r1-v TTBttMrasftpg-.1 "yr- m i f . . ".-.-t"A . . -i '" N -C-4':,:tim .j -THE BOURBON-.1PUBLISHEDEVFRY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE YEAB..?'volume:;xxxiiPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1914.""w -Trh.vu.'MHmnmif. aawrrNEWSLATE WAR NEWS.'TRAVELING MAN IN BAD.LONDON, Sept. 17. It was announced here early to-day that theijelit v"ing of the German armies operating in France had been encircled by the allies.LONDON, Sept. 17. The correspondent of the Times at Paris says:Terrible stories are reaching Paris0f piles of dead and wounded whichencumlr tho battlefields of theWanie and the Red Cross in workingBight and day. At one place, it issaid, the Germans erected a barriermx feet high of corpses behind whichto" resist the French. This barrierwas carried after a' terrific struggleT)v the French forces, leaving 7,500dead on the battlefield.-WILSON REPLIES TO PROTESTOF KAISER.T7ASHINGTON, Sept. 16. Presi-dcrt Wilson to-day replied to thenssage recently received from Emperor William protesting against thea-2d use by the allied armies ofd-dum bullets. He said that hel:z.l read the communication with thegruest concern, but that it would beixwise and premature for the United States to express any final judgTTnt in the controversy.T .e message was almost identical.lj the speech made by the President to the Belgian commission whichprotested against alleged Germanatrocities. -A cablegram replying to the protest of President Poincare of France,tv" o charged that the Germans wereusng dum-dum bullets was also prepared. It was not made public, but wasknown to follow closely the text ofthe President's message to EmperorWilliam.0. J. Anderson, a traveling salesman formerly in the employ of theGrand Rapids Showcase Co., atGrand Rapids, Mich., and claimingChicago as his home, was arrestedhere yesterday on a warrant swornout by Mr. W. W. Mitchell, of .theclothine firm of Mitchell & Blake-more, on a charge of obtaining moneyunder false pretenses. Anderson,who had been here trying to closeup a sale, came to Mr. Mitchell, andobtained $35 on a draft payable byhis firm. Mr. Mitchell telegraphedthe firm asking if they would honorthe draft, and received a reply thatAnderson was no longer in their employ, and that they would not be responsible. He was arraigned beforeJudge January yesterday afternoonand his trial set for Monday. Anderson is accompanied by his wife andchild. A subscription paper was incirculation yesterday to make up theamount due Mr. Mitchell, and Anderson was released, his family beingpeniless.TOBACCO SITUATION.BIBLE CLASSES WILL MEETLONDO, Sept. 17. The officialpress bureau issued the following announcement to-night:"It is stated from Russian officialsources that the route of the Austrianarmy in Galicia is complete, thoughfull details have not been received.The Austrian loss since the takingof Lemberg is estimated at 250,000killed and wounded, 100,000 prisonersand 400 guns, many colors and vastquantities of stores."The Germans made desperate efforts to save the Austrian army, butfailed completely."At one pojnt the Germans lostthirty-six pieces of heavy artilleryand at another several dozen piecesof siege artillery."PARIS, Sept. 17. A dispatch to theHavas Agency from Petrograd says:"It is announced that, the .Turks haveconcentrated a large army on theBulgarian frontier and that GeneralLirnon von Sanders, a Prussian cavalry officer, who trained the Turkish2.vmy is expected to take command."THE BOURBON COUNTYMEDICAL SOCIETY.The Bible classes of Paris, Richmond and Winchester Christianchurches will meet with the Hadelrigre: Bible Class of the Mt. SterlingChristian church in that city, nextSunday. A Special train will arriveat Mt. Sterling from Winchesterabout 9:30, and will be met by thetun memoersmp ot tne JtiazeinggBible class. The Bible classes of allthe churches in Mt. Sterling andMontgomery county are expected to.be nresent ana take Dart in tne urogram, and help in extending a heartywelcome to the visitors. ManagerWilkerson has kindly tendered theuse of the Tabb Opera House in Mt.Sterling for holding the meeting, andthe class will be taught there Sunday morning.After the services the visitors willbe served luncheon at Trimble's Hallby the ladies of the Christian church.It is, expected that fully 1,000 Biblestudents will be present.The delegation from the Paris Bible School will go to Mt. Sterling inautomobiles. All who can go andwho have not yet made it known arerequested to report to Mr. P. J. McCord at the Paris post office, and beready to start by 7:00 o'clock Sunday morning from the ChristianChurch.The class will convene at 9:30 a.m., when the welcome address to thevisitors will be delivered by Major D.J. Burchett, of Mt. Sterling, and byothers the responses being made onbehalf of Paris by Rev. J. W. Shar-rard. and by others for Richmond andWinchester. Mr. J. W. Brown, ofParis, will deliver the invocation,and Prof. T. A. Hendricks will speakfor Paris in the two-minute talks allotted to each class under the general-headof "Hof-Shots- at 'the X.es-son."Nobwlithstandfflne tfhe damnnesscaused by two-days' rain, tobaccocutting in Bourbon County progressed very tavorably last$ week. Tnedesire to get as much of the weedhoused as possible before the frostscome on, has caused the farmers towark very hard, even keeping thebigger boys out of school in order tohelp forward the work.The early crops are above the" average, causing rejoicing among thegrowers, who feared that the recentcontinued drouth would render thetobacco worthless. After the fallrains came the crop revived amazingly, and is now considered to be aserood as any produced' in recentyears. The late crop is very promising, also, and, unless caught byfrost, will be equally as good as thatnow being cut.Those who are in a position of authority say that the coming winterwill be a very hard one upon theowners of stock. Feed will be unusually high, and many farms thatunder ordinary weather conditionsproduce abundantly, will be short ofgrain, hay, fee,d and roughage. Insome sections oats was so short thatit had to be cut with a mower be-r-ansflit could not beN bound with abinder, and there was very littleLive stock prices will be high, however, and that is expected, to compensate somewhat for the highprices of feed.The stock in Bourbon county willbe put into winter quarters in goodcondition, as the pasturage is finenow.jri Mitchell & Blakemore's-BRAND NEW-:mmARE NOW ON DISPLAY.vwatBELOVED PASTOR DEAD.!The Bourbon County Medical Society held its regular quarterlymeeting and clinical division in thecounty court room at the courthouse, at 7:00 o'clock, last night. .Tlie following program was carried out by the medicos:Reading of Committees on Baby Inspection, Etc. Drs. W. C. Ussery,A. H. Keller, F. LT.. Lapsley andothers.Report of Peculiar Cases Dr." J. T.Brown.Report of 1914 Typhoid Cases Dr.Frank Fithian.General Discussion Paper of of theEvening: "Further . Consideration oljthe Treatment of Lues With. Salvarsan, Hypodermic Mercury and OtherMethods," Dr. C. G. Daugherty.Discussion opened by Dr. A. H. Keller. Assignment of Teaching Corps inthe Training of Nurses for 1914-1915.This was the last meeting to beheld before the State Meeting atNewport, Ky., Sept. 23, 24. and 25,which promises to be one of thegreatest ever held in the State.After the meeting the memberswere entertained at luncheon., WIRE THIEVES INDICTED.The grand jury in the HarrisonCircuit Court has returned indictments against Kirtley Renaker, Lawrence Shadd, Harry Thornberry, Ed.Fitzpatrick, Forest Carter, RussellVaughn and Jack Lemmon, all charged with -grand larceny. It is allegedthe indicted men had, at varioustimes, stolen from the Louisville &Nashville Railroad Company copperwire to the amount of $1,200. Thiswire was strung on poles alongsidethe railroad track, it is charged.The indictments against the menis the result of an investigation thathas been going on for some time under the direction of Special Agentsof the' Louisville & Nashville road,and, which traced part of the loot tothis city, where some of the wirehad been found in the house of CashCrowe; who escaped from the countywork house some days ago. Croweis still at large, and no tidings hascome "of his whereabouts;A telephone message from Danvillelate yesterday afternoon broughtnews to relatives in this city of thedeath of Dr. L. H. Blanton, in thatcity, which had occurred late in theafternoon. Dr. Blanton had been illfor two years. Death was due tonaiucumt) J- "" .--WW--- ,Dr. Blanton came to Paris m 1868as pastor of the Presbyterian Church,succeeding Rev. D. O. Davis. Thepresent handsome church edifice waserected during his pastorate in 186970 and was dedicated in 1870. During his pastorate the church membership was wonderfully increased.Dr. Blanton resigned in 1880, andaccepted the Chancellorship of Central University at Richmond. Whenthe Centre College and Central University werjj merged and Danvillemade the seat of 'the institution Dr.Blanton went to Danville, where heresided to the time of his death.He was a man of deep learning,and was universally beloved by themembers of his congregation andheld in high esteem by tlie memoerof other denominations and by thecitizens of Paris generally.Mr Blanton was twice married,his first wife being Miss Irvine, ofVirginia. He is survived by fourchildren Mrs. E. M. Dickson, ofParis; Mr. Edgar Blanton, of Richmond; Mr. Irvine Blanton, of Cynthiana; Dr. Harry Blanton, of Richmond, and Mrs. Jos. Head, of AshlandThe funeral will probably be heldat Danville, though no details weregiven in the message.TO NAME L. & E. STATIONSOur line of Men's and Boys' Shoes is larger and youhave more different styles to select from than have everbeen shown before Patent Leather in lace and button,Gun Metal. Willow Calf, Tans and Vici Kid. The swagger shoe for the young fellow; flat heel, invisible eyelets,long tapering toe, the Johnny Bull toethe kind that thecity chaps are wearing.Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes for men tnat sometimes have sore feet are just the thing to cure them.sWitch Elk Water Proof Hunting Shoes can't be.mi."ft-;ifVSee Our Windows! See the Styles!AND BUY YOUR SHOES, f ROMMitchell & Blakemore,I The Store for Men's Styles Paris, Kentucky ft! CALL! Baldwin'sOF INTEREST TO FARMERSWe have highest quality of SeedWheat, Seed Rye, Seed Barley. AlsoTimothy, Red Clover, Alsike andAlfalfa. Let us show you our samples and submit prices.(18-2t) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.BAYERS FILES SUIT.Superintendent W. H. Anderson, ofthis division of the Louisville &Nashville, together with other officials of the road, have returned from atrip over the new Winchester-Irvineline of the Louisville & jNasnvuieroad, where they went for the purpose of inspecting and naming thehew stations on the road. A list,subject to change has been made outand it is likely that many of the prominent citizens along the' way willhave the stations named in " theirhonor, especially those tnrougnwhose lands the rjgnwoi-way run.a niirnhnr of local officials of the roadaccompanied the party of inspection."0LD.;TAYL0R" FILMSSEEN BY HUNDREDS.BIG ENROLLMENT OF PUPILS.On account of the failure of thenew text books to reach Paris, class"vork at the Paris Public Schoolshave been delayed. The enrollmentof pupils is exceeding expectations,tlie number already enrolled now being over 700. The seating capacityof the school is already overcrowded,, owing to the unexpected largeattendance, and SuperintendentHendricks and his assistants are confronted with a big problem in regardto providing adequate class roomfacilities.There is no questioning the factthat our sHinnls are overcrowdedand something must be done to relieve the congestion. The matter ofan addition to the present buildingtvas brought before the City Councilsome time ago by the members ofthe Board of Education, but action"Kas deferred because of the presentfinancial condition.AGED FARMER SUICIDESAt Carlisle yesterday, Joseph W.L..fcell, a prominent farmer of Nicholas County, aged 75 years, shot himself in the abdomen with a shotgunafter going to the Carlisle Cemetery.He propped the gun with, a stick setin the trigger and discharged, it bystriking the trigger with a forkedstick. Tfe .wound is probably tatal.Suit was filed in the Franklin Circuit Court yesterday by Thomas S.Byars, of Shelbyville, State AutomohilA Commissioner, to enjoin theSinking Fund Commission from removing him from office.He claims that he had been appointed for a term of. four years, andcan only be removed by impeachment.Before the suit was filed, Mr. RobertC Talbott, of Paris, a member of thelaw firm of Franklin & Talbott, representing Byars, went before thecommission, and learned that thecommission had decided that they hadthe' power to remove Byars.The Grand jury iiad a number ofwitnesses before it yesterday on thertT.f rwf stnfp. Tnsnector and Examiner Goodpaster, which discoveredthe alleged shortage ot $,6V6 on meautomobile desk.ARRIVES FROM. WAR ZONE.Prof. Orie Long, son of Mr. JamesR Long, of near Millersburg, hasjust arrived in Boston from London.Prof. Long has been abroad all summer, having been in Germany andBelgium after the opening of hostilities in the present war. He was onthe last train that ran into Ostendfrom Alsace-Lorraine. Before he escaped from the war zone, Prof. Longsaw much of the miseries and horrorsnf ar nnri like the many others who, hocri -nPAT the scene, fully convinced, of the truth of General Sherman's declaration that "War is hellHundreds of persons saw the motion pictures' of the Old Taylor Distillery located near Frankfort in theballroom at the Phoenix Hotel, inLexington, Tuesday afternoon andevening. The pictures were inter-ncHncr hP.eiTinine witn views oi uba-ington and closing with pictures ofthe great crowds which attended theexhibition of them in New York,Boston, and Chicago. The pictureswere produced and exhibited underthe personal direction of J. LawSiple, of Lexington.-Miss Ellen Blanding sang a groupof songs at the exhibitions with MissCatherine Hogarty at the piano.The pictures cover in detail theplant of the Old Taylor Company,giving one an idea of the processesthrough which it goes before it isready for setvice. Exterior and interior views of the plant wereshown.EVANGELICAL MEETINGSGreat interest is being manifestedin the series of evangelical meetingsbeing held here by Eveangelist Hammand hi co-wolkers. The meetingsare being held in the ChristianChurch. The tabernacle which hasbeen under construction in the rearof Mrs. Russell Mann's residence, onSeventh street, will be ready for services to-night.Hear Clinton IN.Howard, "The LittleGiant," at the CourtHouse Sunday at . 2J p. ITT ' ,. ""I Phone 32FORX Dressed Ducks" BroilersOystersSpring LambChoice VealCranberriesCeleryParsleyButter BeansHead LettuceFRANK & CO.. . '"' '!COUNTRYCLUBCAKESSpecial!10-lb. Bucketsof Lard, $1 .30.Saturday Only.Now ShowingNEWFALL STYLES3In All Lines.i .&owJVO ADVANCEIn Prices.- iSEE OURTrimmed HatsNothing ' Over'' $5.00,.-'T mi BALDWIN BROS. !i, A. A A A. A AAA A A, A. A. A A AAA A. A A A' A. A . A A A A A A A A A A A5The Store Where Rdiabitty Reigns,cc& I ivo57-.fr"Xi'...Sift e arAA 7THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1914,vIf ifLINES IN THE FACEMake Women Look Old "and they show the effect of unnatural sufferings of headaches, back-aches, dizziness, hot flashes, pains ia lower limbs, pains in groins,bearing-down sensationsThese symptoms indicate that Nature needs help. Overwork, wrong dressing, lack of exercise, and other causes have been too much for nature andoutside aid must be called upon to restore health and strength.3 Dr. Pierce's Favorite PrescriptionThe Vegetable Remedy for Woman's Ills that relieves nervous exhaustionand irritability and removes other distressing symptoms due to disturbed conditions of the delicate feminine organism.For over forty years it has been used with more than satisfaction bythe young, middle-aged and the elderly by wives, mothers and daughters. Youwill find it of great benefit. Sold by Medicine Dealers m liquid or tablet form, orwad Dr. V.M. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y., 50 one-cent stamps for trial box by mail.I The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.DB.tUm,tffVTcGET THE HABIT!IT WILL PAY!SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postofflce as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.IBeing unable to see all my friends and customers, I take thismethod of communication. As a direct result of the Europeanconflict, nearly all the staple food stuffs have made sensationaladvances during the past month. Flour, Meat, Lard, Sugar,Coffee, etc., have all advanced and will probably go muchhigher.The terms which the dealers now get from packers and jobbers are becoming more stringent, to carry customers for thirtydays or longer and to allow for bad debts would make itnecessary to tie up a great deal of capital in the business, andas this advancement in prices has also caused a stringency inthe money market, it make it impossible to do business on theold basis. Owing to said conditions I have decided to put ourbusiness onStrictly Cash Basis, BeginningOctober 1 st.This is to protect myself an d customers. By selling for cashwe will be able to hold our prices down to the lowest possiblefigure, and urgently advise our customers to adopt this newsystem you can acquire THE HABIT, and be assured it willPAY YOU TO DO IT.We thank each and every one who has kindly patronized usin the past and trust you will continue business with us undecthe new system. ,IT. C. LEINIHAINCash Grocer. Both Phones 234New DirectoryHome Telephone CompanyThe Paris Home Telephone and Telegraph Company are nowompiling the data for their new Telephone Directory, which willcontain the largest list of subscribers and advertisers since therganization of the Company.The new Directory will go to press about October 1, and ifyou desire good telephone service at fair rates, your name should-Appear in this book.Call Manager's office, 427. Do it now.JH Paris Rome Celepbotte and Cekgrapt) 1 Co'; TfW 1 "" " ' (Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.POPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSunday, sept. 2075cRoundTripSCENERYTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 am.Apuly to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further information.H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 .E- Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.RECREATION75cRoundTripMUSICr mtAW fwttanta "Pdtinm.ft.m Sam Wn.r ci, aeunuii, .u&cKAcne, neaaacue anar all yting. lour money- back if it fails to ) i1Y ur ACha in inr Tmrt nf th bod'altera minute time.JPrto SOe, At A.U Jru gists.Tim maato ami. aiMUr Mat aa nuMt.MEMO'Y COMPANY,i. Kv.Expert CarriagePainter.Mr. Percy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast 8,yers, has opened a shop at thecorner of Fouth and High Streets, andsolicits the patronage of those needing anything in his line., BoU FhOQM 583.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a. newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.tier, are to-day making a determinedstand along the River Aisne.A news agency from Dieppe says,that Gen. Von Kluck has been enveloped by a French encirclingmovement and forced to surrenderof guns and ammunition.The German general staff, however, announced to-day that heavyengagements were being fought byGen. Von Kluck's right wing to thenortheast of Paris without a decisiveresult so far.The French attempts to breakthe German line were said to havebeen repulsed.Reports regarding the operationsin East Prussia contradict eachother.From Petrogard it is said thatGen. Rennenkampf has resumed theoffensive and that the investment ofKoenigsberg still is in progress .Berlin advices, however, are toteh effect that the Russian Generalhas suffered defeat nearly as severeas that of the Russian disaster atAllenstein.A.'5-'3S&, .'AVi?Vm&rs??fM7-lC4r ' J s-?MDEMOCRATIC TICKETFor SenatorJ. C. W. BECKHAM(Long Term)JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term)For CongressJ. CAMPBELL CANTRILL.1NEWSTAKE YOUR CHOICE.LONDON, Sept. 15. For once themilitary critics on both sides agreethat the outcome of the campaign inthe western area depends on the result of the operations of the CrownPrince's army before Verdun.On the question o)c accomplishedfacts, however, the divergancu ofopinion is as wide as ever.Berlin maintains that the investment of Verdun is now complete andtherefore expects that within twp orthree days there will be a resumptionof the offensive along the whole German front.On the other liand the latest officialcommunication issued in behalf ofthe allies states that the CrownPrince has been driven back and hasmoved his headquarters from SinteMenehold, south of Rheims to MontFaucon, about 15 miles northeast.Berlin admits that the weakenedGerman right wing has been turnedback, but discounts the reverse bymaintaining that it will have no effect on the genery.1 forward movement to be initiated when Verdunfalls.Petrogard reports that althoughthe news of damage from GeneralBrussiloff' s army is lacking, and partof Gen. Ruzsky's force is still to beheard from, it is evident that theRussian generals now hope to bottleup the Austrians and their Germancontingents in Premysl.Reports of operations on the EastPrussian frontier are contradictory.According to Petrogard, Gen. Rennenkampf has resumed the offensive after winning an engagement on theborder, while the same Russian forces report that the investment ofKoenigsberg is continuing.On the other hand, Berlin statesthat Rennenkampf's defeat is almostas great as the preceding Russiandisaster in this region.HERE IS WHAT GERMANY SAYS.BERLIN, Sept. 15. The Germangeneral staff to-day gave out the following official announcement:"In the western theatre of war theright wing of ou? army has been engaged in heavy but undecisive battles. The French, who endeavoredto break through our lines were victoriously defeated."Af another point where there hasbeen fighting no decisive resultshave been reached."GERMANS KEEP TJP RESISTANCEPARIS, FRANCE, Sept. 15. Thewestern and central armies of theGerman forces continue their resistance to-day north of the River Aisneand north of Rheims and Chalons,while the eastern army is retreating.This is the substance of the Frenchofficial communication given out thisafternoon.In the Vosges and in Alsace thesituation is unchanged, the reportsays. In Belgium the Belgian armyis continuing to operate around Antwerp causing serious losses to theenemy.FIRST LAND ENCOUNTER BETWEEN JAPS AND GERMANS.CHI-MO, CHINA, Sept. 15. Thefirst encounter between German andJapanese forces on land occurredSunday, when there were a numberof sharp skirmishes between patrolsof the contesting forces at a' pointclose to Chi-Mo.Previous to these engagements aGerman aeroplane flew over the district. The Japanese fired on the machine, but without success.A considerable Japanese force isreported 25 miles to the north ofhere.JAPS AT KIAO-CHOW.PEKING, Sept. 15. A report received here from Tsing-Tau of German origin- declares a vanguard ofCity.Kiao-Chow is about five miles outside of thtf Kiao-Chow boundary tothe northwest.' liBACKKAISER'S FORCES FALLFIFTY MILES.LONDON, Sept. 15. Germany'sarmies to the north and the east ofParis, After retreating for upward offifty miles toward, the Belgian fronwidi,a large command and a quantityAUSTRIAN GENERAL SUICIDES.LONDON, Sept. 15. A dispatchto the Chronicle from Petrogard,says:'"The fiercest fighting of all thatwhich preceeded the Russian victoryat Lubin was in a gorge near the village of Mikolaiff, which the Russiansoldiers reverently named the 'Valley of Death"The gorge was full of dead men,lying in heaps, according to a soldier who reached here to-day. 'Whenwe attacked at 3 in the morninghe said, 'the gorge contained fifteenthousand Australians, a large portionof whom were mowed down by theartillery fire which plowed throughthe valley in the darkness." 'The AustrJLans surrendered andwe entered the gorge to receive theirarms, while their general stood quietly on a hill watching the scene." 'Eight of his standards beingturned over to the Russians wasmore than he could bear, for hedrew a pistol and shot himself "PO-DO-LAX BANISHES PIMPLES.Bad Blood, Pimples, Headaches,Biliousness, Torpid Liver, Constipation, etc., come from Indigestion.Take Po-Do-Lax, the pleasant and absolutely sure Laxative, and you won'tsuffer from a deranged Stomach orother troubles. It will tone up theLiver and purify the blood. Use itregularly and you will stay well,have clear complexion and steadynerves. Get a 50c bottle to-day.Money back if not satisfied. AllDruggists.(adv-sept.)Popular Price ExcursionTo Cincinnati and ReturnSundaySept. 20, 14,$1 .50For the Round TripSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a. ni.f returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. mrLow round trip Summer Touristtickets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with final reLurn limit Oct. 31, with very liberalstop-over privileges. For further information call on or addressJ. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.! Now Well! "Thedford's Black-Draughtis the best all-round medicinelever used," writes J. A.Steelman, of Pattonville, Texas."I suffered terribly with livertroubles, and could get no relief.The doctors said I had consumption. I could not work atall. Finally I triedBLACK-DRAUGHTI and to my surprise, I got better,' and am to-day as well as anyman." Thedford's Black -,Draught is a general, cathartic,"vegetable liver medicine, thathas been regulating irregularities of the liver, stomach andbowels, for over 70 years. Gett a package today. Insist on theI genuine Thedford's. E-70METAL SHINGLESAre Stoniiproof7They interlock and overlap in such a way that the hardest driving rain or sifting snow cannot possibly get under them.Besides this they last indefinitely, and never need iepairs.vAnother point They're very reasonable in first cost. You canlearn all about them fromBEST &. HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.Bourbori LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetftSjri t i i mm l?jLXWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Lanndrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes bnck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.Bourbon Laundry,wParis Kentucky."Ia -VLWeight? Yes. Wait? No. I"Now is the time to place your order for your Winter Coalat Summer prices.A FEW REASONS:1. We buy direct from the mines.2. We deliver direct from cars to your residence.3. We own our teams and can control deliveries.4. Our offiice is at the yard and we see that you get the coalyou order.5. We have no solicitors; you get his commission in the better quality of coal.6. Every customer is satisfied with our coal delivery and become a booster.7. We never substitute.8. Many of our customers were burning the wrong kind ofcoal until advised by us.9. One a customer, always a customer.10. FOX RIDGE COAL, is the o.nal that. rino th wnrlrDodson S DentonParis, Ky.Yi:ls, SjaihMxin St. Bath PJicmes 140Ji1S6&m wmikM wsVfr -.ufcGEO, W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED HBALME1.BOTH'PHONES DAX 137; NIGHT 399.H mmmmmmmmmmmammmmmmmmmmParts Odorless Cleaning Co. tLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your7 clothes home,and will woncfer why you have not tried us before.AM Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked;'to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, lOcrlono; 25cmmmmBLUE GRASS PARK!Bathing and Boating.Pree- DANCING -Ifree-Afternoon and Evening.Music by Schemnd's OrchestraHandsome Residence For Sale.My residence on Mt. Airy Is lorsale. One of the most modern hmnesin Paris. Every convenience. Prospective buyers "are invited, to inspect(the bMildiMf and premises.(Ufy-tt) MRS. M. JL FATOW3, -- '-a- vv ;M f.5Wy1 '..-'i... 1Jv t sitlr 1v:i"4"5-V,' J4- - S.tfy.fft- - - -, .THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KY., SEPTEMBER 18, 1914ETirtrIMTa BUklv.HIH HMnTTAssignee's SaleopDesirable City Residence,Building Lots and Personal Property.the Matter of the Assigned Estate of George AlexanderW. O. Hinton, Assignee.Pursuant to an order of sale made in the above styled cause in theBourbon County Court, the undersigned Assignee, will, onTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1914,at the home place of said George Alexander, on the northeast corner ofPleasant and Eighth streets, in Paris, Ky., at about the hour of 10 o'clocka. m.t upon the credits of six, twelve andi eighteen months, for equalparts of the purchase money, sell at public auction, free from home-steadand contingent dower rights, the property described in the order of salein the above styled cause, to-wit:"That tract of three (3) acres and twenty (20) poles of land lyingfin the east side of Pleasant Street, and north side of Eighth Street.,in the City of Paris, Ky., it being the place known as the George Alexander Home Place, whereupon stands his residence.The said property will be sold in the following manner, to-wit:The rear premises will be divided into building lots and the saidbuilding lots and the front lot whereon stands the residence' and outbuildings will be offered separately to the highest and best bidder andthen the property will be offered as a whole to the highest and best bidder, and the Assignee will accept the bid or bids aggregating the mostmoney therefor, with the privilege of withdrawing the said home place orany part thereof altogether, if in his opinion, the whole or subdivisionsthereof should not bring what should be realized therefor, with a viewof making a more advantageous sale.The divisions into which the property will be offered for sale will beindicated before the sale by stakes and lines on the premises for the inspection of purchasers. The purchaser or purchasers to execute bondpayable to the Assignee, bearing date of sale due in six, twelve and eighteen months, with interest thereonfrom date of sale at the rate of sixper cent, per annum until paid, with good surety to be approved by theAscirnee& ALSO PERSONAL PROPERTY.At the same time and place and beginning 'after the sale of the realestate, the Assignee will, pursuant to an order of the Court, in the abovestyled cause, proceed to offer at public outcry all household and kitcheneffects and other personalty and continue such sale from day to day until completed- Among the articles of personal property to be sold at thesale are the following:Oak Bed Room Furniture,Mahogany Bed Room Furniture,Mahogany Library Furniture,Mahogany Dining Table,Large Mahogany Side Board,Mahogany Dining Charis,Carved Mahogany Library Table,Mahogany Bookcase,Lot of Books.Parlor Chairs,Leather Chairs,Odd Rockers,Large Hat Rack,Antique Japanese Lamp,Mahogany Consol Table,Upright Grand Player Piano.Small Tables,Chiffoniers,Draperies,Genuine Oriental Rugs both smalland room-sizes some of them antiques. Wilton & Body Brussell Rugs andCarpets,Axminster and Velvet Rugs andCarpets,Pictures,1 Large Mantel Mirror,Bisque Figures,Japanese and Oriental Ornaments,Bronze Statuary,Marble Statuary, jLarge and Small Bronze Vases, jTeakwood Pedestals and Tab our-JOttes ! tfanK, oi uincinnau,Full Chimed Hirsliaday Grandfath-j 5 Shares Chicago-New York Elec-er Clock itric Air Line R. R. Co.,Large Chinese Vases, . I 100 Shares Travelers InsuranceBronze, Bisque and Porcelain i Machine Co.,Vases, l 20 Shares Central and SouthernOdd' Fancy Plates, Advertising Agency.Household s:oods may be inspected at residence before sale.The Assignee reserves the right to withdraw any of the prop-?erty to be sold, if in his opinion, me price Dia tnereior is mauequate. W. O. HINTOIN, Assignee.Administrator's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of D. R. Hutsell, deceased,are hereby notified to file the same,properly proven, according to law,"with the undersigned executor at1222 Cypress Street, Paris, Ky. Allpersons knowing themselves indepted to the estate of the said D. M.Hutsell will please settle promptlyTvith the undersigned.' . R. D. GRANT,,' k ' 'Administrator.Black -White WCHESIn our new"Easy-Opening-Box."No trouble. No muss.The F. F. Dalley.Co Ltd.Buffalo, N.Y. Hamilton, Ont.Set of China Dishes,China Fruit Set,Cut Glass Vases,Cut Glass Pitchers,Cut Glass Dishes,Cut Glass Decanters,All kind of fancy Cups, Saucersand Plates,Knives and Forks, fSilverware,Toilet Sets,Bath Room Furniture,Porch Furniture,Laundry Outfit,Kitchen Range,Gas Stove,Refrigerator,Numerous other articles usually'found in well furnished homes,Family Carriage Horse,Carriage and Harness,Hemp Machine,15 Shares Paris Opera House Co.4 Shares Bourbon County Agricultural Society,2 Shares Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.,500 Shares Citizens' NationalIns. Co., Louisville,11 Shares Fifth-Third NationalBank, of Cincinnati,1 Share L. & M. Rubber Co.,1 Certificate Fifth-Third NationalWhat has become of the old-fashionedgirl whose skirts rustled whenshe walked?CANCER CUREDJ I guarantee every cue I un-dertake; 20 years practice; rtf.rence, any citizen of Paris.no V&U O CUITUi ?"" "m' -wm....f. v fans, iy.04UttENTIRELY TOO EASYSome Folks Are Like "Tar-Baby,"So Soft Their SimplicityMakes Them Dangerous.By IVOR M. LOWRIE.(Copyright.)Ned Thompson looked up from theledger upon which he was working. Acustomer had entered the store."How do you do?" The one andonly clerk of the Elite "Hardware Emporium greeted the prospective buyer."How can I serve you?""I want to get a hunting-knife. Something ,with a good-sized blade.""Yes, sir."Ned placed an assortment of suchcutlery before the customer for in-1,spection."Here's one that I can especially recommend. It is of an exceptional quality of steel, finely tempered. Thehandle is well constructed. In fact,we had this article manufactured forour exclusive trade."The "we" referred to Mr. ThomasHadley, sole proprietor of the "emporium." Being situated in Portland,the gateway to the Maine woods, Mr.Hadley thought it expedient to carrya full line of sportsmen's goods, andnad, indeed, a special hunting-knife ofrare excellence made. It pleased himgreatly, the more so in view of thefact of it's having the name of hisbusiness establishment stamped uponthe blade."How much?" inquired the customer. "Three dollars, and it's good valuefor the money.""I'll lake it," was the abrupt reply, the purchaser tendering a twentydollar note in payment."Have you nothing smaller?" askedNed."No, I really haven't," the man replied, whereupon Ned placed the notein the drawer of the cash register,handing back the change.As Ned was wrapping the package,the man reached into his trouserspocket and drew forth several notes."Why, I have some smaller notesafter all." he exclaimed. "Just let mehave that twenty, and I'll give you theexact change."Ned reopened the drawer and handed the man the twenty-dollar note, together with the wrapped knife, receiving in exchange three one-dollar notes."Good day, sir." The man hurriedaway, and Ned resumed his work uponthe ledger.Some time later that morning Mr.Hadley entered.As was his infallible custom uponentering the store, Mr. Hadley unlocked the cash register and balancedthe cash on hand with the amount onthe printed slip."You are seventeen dollars short!were the, electrifying words of the proprietor. "What!""Seventeen dollars short. I havecounted the cash several times. Here,you count it."In a dazed state, Ned staggered tothe cash register. His nervous fingersverified the other's statement"But, I can't fathom it I gave outno change. Mr. Lang paid me a twenty-five-centpiece for the key, and thestranger, three one-dollar notes for theknife. At first, he presented a twentydollar note, but later discovered thathe had the exact amount of the purchase, so gave me it, and I returnedhim "his twenty. Oh! I see it now1."Mr. Hadley sadly shook his head."No, he didn't forget or rather, hedid forget intentionally. It's an oldgame, Ned. I'm rather surprised thatyou allowed yourself to be duped byit.""I'll repay you," agreed Ned.'That's not the question just atpresent What we want to do is tocatch the fellow and jail him."Mr. Hadley was true to his NewEngland idea of justice."You would know him if you sawhim?""Yes, sir," assured the still perturbed Ned. "He's tall dark hair andmustacheheavy eyebrows darkeyes wore a dark-blue suit and aderby hat.""Well, I'll go over to police headxjuarters and have them look out forhim. Chances are, though, that he has' Oflit out for Boston, or else the woodsby now."Arriving at headquarters, he ac -quainted the authorities with the partlculars of the theft, and was descending the stone steps to the sidewalk, when a policeman rushed up,almost colliding with him.noAnm)Tnr Mr TTaiiw th nffiprcalled- tue residence there is a splendid... v .. ' spring with a continuous flow of wa-"Don't go You are the Tery man tep throughout the yeai, 0f the saidthe captain'lL want to see. Come on 50 acres approxjmately 6 acres areIn," and he hurried Into the building, to be cultivated in tobacco and ap-Mr. 'Hadley following closely. j. proximately 24 acres in corn or truckIn the captain's office the policeman garden, and the remainder is to rereported: j main In grass. The lands to be cul-"A man attempted suicide in Greei's tivated in corn and tobacco are thehotel. Lieutenant Scott called the same now in cultivation in corn andCity hospital ambulance. They've got ""na will be rentedhim there by now I fop the term of one year bgeinning"Shoot himself? queried the cap- March 1, 1915, and ending March 1,tain. 11916, and for the rental a note with"No, stabbe'd himself with a hunting-' good surety to be approved by theknife!" (undersigned, payable to H. C. How-A hunting-knife! Mr. Hadley and ard as committee of George Clay,Hip oantain exchanged elances. It wasa striking coincidence."And," continued .the policeman,"the knife is from Mr. Hadley 's store!""How do you know it is?" demaafed,the "emporium's" proprietor."Because it's got 'The Elite-Hard-ware Emporium, rsPortland,5.,7- VVon 'l?e jENDORSED AT HOME.jSuch Proof asThis Should ConvinceAny Pari's Person.J The pullic Endorsement of a localcitizen is the best proof that can baproduced. None better, none strongercan be had. When a man comes forward and testifies to his fellow-citizens,addresses hi3 friends andneighors, you may be sure he isthoroughly convinced or he would' not do so. Telling one's experiencewhen it is for the public good is anact of kindness that should be appreciated. The following statement;given by a resident of Paris addsone more to the many cases ofHome Endorsement which are beingpublished about Doan's Kidney Pills.Read it.George McCandles, butcher, Paris,Ky., says: "Some time ago I had occasion to use a kidney remedy. Ihad bacaches and disordered kidneys. The way Doan's Kidney Pillsstopped the trouble proved their merit." 'Mr. McCandles is only one of manyParis people who have gratefullyendorsed Doan's Kidney Pills, ityour back aches If your kidney3bother you, don't simply ask for akidney remedy ask distinctly lorDoan's Kidney Pills, the same thatMr. McCandles had the remedybacked by home testimony. 50c allfctores. FostjadjVfiJburn Co. Props.,BuffaU), N. Y. "When Your Backis Lame Remember the Name."Every cloud has its silver lining.The silhouette skirts are doomed togo in a few weeks, but we will seeless of pipe stem props and knockknees! A man won't hire a stenographeruntil he sees her letters of recommendation. But he never goes . tothat trouble when he marries a girl.Pile BentingOFSPLENDIDBLUE GRASS FARMSMonday, Oct. 5, 19I4.1st As agent of Joseph H. Clay, Iwill rent publicly, at the Court Housedoor, in Paris, Kentucky, about thehour of 11 o'clock, a. m., onMONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1914,to the highest and best bidder, thefarm containing about 364 acres, belonging to Joseph H. Clay, lying andsituate on the Escondida Stationturnpike, near Escondida Station, inBourbon County, Kentucky. Thereare upon this farm two comfortabletenant-houses, with the necessaryoutbuildings attached. About 7 acresof said lands are to be cultivated intobacco, about 127 acres in corn, 45acres in meadow, and the remainderin grass; that in meadow and grassto so remain. The lands so to becultivated in corn and tobacco arethe same lands now in cultivation insaid crops during the present year.TERMS Said land will be rentedfor a term of one year, beginningMarch 1, 1915, and ending March 1,1916, and for the rental a note payable to the undersigned as committee of Joseph H. Clay, with good surety to be approved by the undersigned, will be required, said noteto become due and payable March 1,1916.2nd Also at the same time andplace, as agent for Miss Letitia Clay,I will rent publicly, to the highestand best bidder, her farm lying andsituate immediately upon the Parisand Winchester turnpike, in, Bourbon County, Kentucky, about 5 milesfrom Paris, and containing 227 acres,of which 91 acres is to be cultivatedin corn and the remainder is in grassand is to so remain.TERMS Said 227 acres -will likewise be rented for the period of oneyear, beginning March 1, 1915, andending March 1, 1916. One-third ofthe rental to be paid in cash onMarch 1, 1915, one-third September 1,1915, and the remaining one-thirdMarch 1. 1916. and for which saidrental, notes with good surety, to be, approved by the undersigned andpayable to Miss Letetia Clay, will berequired.3rd Also at the same time andplace, as agent for the committee ofttonTcrck rWav T Yirill yant riiVHn1-ir o' "' " ", v-", """T 'luicivi, ui i)u tttica ul iauu J..VH1J3 O.U.Usituate immediately upon the Parisand Winchester turnpjke, adjoiningthe above described lands of MissLetitia Clay, and upon which 50 acretract there is a good and substantialbrick dwelling with all necessaryoutbuildings, all in a first-class stateof repair. Immediately adjacent toi will oe requiredFRANK CLAY,Committee of Joseph H. Clay.FRANK CLAY,Agent of Miss Letitia Clay., FRANK CLAY,I Agent of H. C. Howard, Committeeof George Clay.Paris, Ky., Sept 8? 1914. -2ff. FKeBney Auctioneer. ''z7v tro0 JKINDLY.Twin Bios. Depanmeni StSeventh and Main Sts., Paris, KySee our Window DisplayFOR LAST CALL ONSUMMER SUITSValues Up to$9.98Also See Our Display of $1.00 and$1.50 Shirts, with Soft Collars toMatch. Choice NowBargains in AllT7"W"iixClothing and Shoe Department. -L.WOLLSTEIIN, Prop.Our Daughters."I say, dad, I've just accepted CharUb Brown he's in the drawing-roomand if you've a minute you mightpop in and see him and talk it over;but please be quick, we've got to rush,out and see about the banns." London Opinion.Curtis SOverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.Professional CardsJ. S. Walliiigford, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Betv een Main and High,'Phones 31 PARIS, KY.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j olel.E. T. 334.Home 334.ResidenceDR. A. H RfiLLEK,Pbacticing Physician,OfficeB, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's BldgParis m - - KentuckyJ. WTLtjIAMS, aSoomlATTORNEY-AT-LAWBlki BaDdkig. -GreatBargainSale tNowGoing OWGreater Bargains than youhave ever before heard of inParis. xiCALL AT$16.50 FornDepartments.S:IWE HAVE TAKEN AFALLOUT OF OUR PRICES.PREPARE FORFALLBuy your Gas Heaters nowat special reduced pricesfor cash.Everything guaranteed.Nothing charged.PARIS GAS &ELECTRIC CO.Incorporated.For Rent.Frame house on Second streetApply at 315 Pleasant Street U. TTelephone 276, or at Paris BoofeStore, E. T. Telephone 562.For Sale.Pony Saddle and Blanket .tjw vwk J.viu"0 AW XlCWiB CIIMMI. KFOR SALEOn lorse-pow&r gas or gaaoBaeSftfcHW. will shmI c9 Ajgiy tofr"y hjboiy cnoscBs.rZ r.ir.v tC35V,r ,. "THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1914WILL PROHIBITION BE BENEFICIAL TO BOURBON?(Advertisement.)Granting that every man who castsa Tote in the September electionswill have considered the questioncalmly and carefully (though there-will he some who have not and willot) what . reason will a man havelor voting against the licensed saloon? The one great question is will itreally benefit Paris and BourbonCounty?Let us first consider it from a financial standpoint. At the present timethere are sixteen saloons in Paris,contributing to the city and countyabout -twenty thousand dollars inrevenue, with which to sustain durcity and county governments, andpublic utilities. In what possiblemanner will it benefit us to be deprived of this revenue? If local option, prevails in September the saloons must be closed according to thelaw, within sixty days thereafter.The money they have paid to the cityand county for license, amounting toa considerable sum, will have to berefunded from the city and countytreasurer. The present tax rate isalready excessive. The prohibitionists claim that the tax rate is ashigh as the law will permit, but donot tell that the valuation of yourproperty can be raised to make uplor the loss of the revenue derivedfrom the saloons, as is being done-elsewhere.Our prohibition friends say thatthe saloon keeper when forced togive up his business, can go intoother business, such as groceries, drygoods, etc. Ask any Paris merchantto-day the condition of business andlie will tell you it is at a low ebb.Many of them complain they are notmaking expenses. How will theyappreciate the opening of sixteenother branches of business? Willthis further division of the trade beof benefit to them?From a moral standpoint, wewould suffer as much, if not more,than from the financial side. Underthe present condition, a reasonablenumber of protests, or any protest atall against the opening of a saloonis given a respectful hearing by theofficials. Isn't it better from a moralstandpoint that; the aale of liquorshould be governed and controlledby the officials than that it should bepeddled by the bootlegger, probablyin a house next door to your own?You say that there is a law againstthe bootlegger is thriving in ourtend to them. Have they done soelsewhere? You certainly know howthe bootlegger is thriving in olrneighboring, dry towns of Cynthianaand Carlisle, and the authorities inboth, places candidly admit their inability to stop it. Are you' boldenough to say that Paris is any different from' other towns in this respect? From a financial point attemptedprohibition in Paris will be a blessing to Lexington. For years, evenbefore the interurban was built, andto a much greater extent since, ithas been bemoaned by the merchantsof Paris, and weekly preachedthrough the Paris papers, that Lexington gets the cream of the Paristrade and leave us the clabber. Doyou think that condition will be benefitted one iota if we force the moderate drinker to go to Lexington toget his wine, beer and whisky? Isn'tit a fact that while there he willalso buy a suit of clothes, or somegroceries, and, other, necessities.Common sense alone will teach yousuch is the case. Then why vote toinjure your business, yourself andyour family?Let the saloon run. See that theyare properly regulated, and run according to law, and assist in makingParis what it should be a live andup-to-date town, and not an annex toLexington.iANNUAL DIVORCE RATE(Advertisement.)Kansas' record in the divorce lineis worse than that of thirty-onelicensed States, according to the latest census figures available thosefor the period of 1898-1902, after 20years of prohibition. Her averageannual divorce rate, per 100,0ou, was286. Licensed States which made abetter showing are as folldws:Rhode Island 281, Missouri 281, Utah274, New Hampshire 272, South Dakota 270, Illinois 267, Tennessee 2cl,Michigan 257, Iowa 246, Kentucky237, Ohio 231, Nebraska 226, Florida226, Mississippi 225, Alabama 208,New Mexico 193, West Virginia (thenlicensed) 183, Wisconsin 180, Vermont 177, Minnesota 161, Connecticut 130, Louisiana 127, Massachusetts 124, Virginia 117, Maryland 114,Pennsylvania 94, Georgia (then license) 78, North Carolina (then license) 75, New York 60, New Jersey60, Delaware 43.Divorces For Drunkenness.In percentage of divorces grantedto wives, for drunkenness, 1887-1906,Kansas ranks even with both Idahoand South Dakota, license States,each having a rate of 3.1 per cent.The Kansas rate is worse than thatof the following fifteen licenseStates: Wyoming 2.7, Mississippi(then license) 2.6, Nevada 2.6, Louisiana 2.6, New Mexico 2.6,Montana2.4, Utah 2.3, Tennessee (then license) 2.2, Arkansas 1.8, Michigan 1.6,Delaware 1.4, Colorado0.9, North Carolian (then license) 0.7, Texas 0.4.The percentage of illiterate persons ten years of age and over inKansas in 1910 was 2.2. Four license States had a better record.These were: Washington 2 per cent,Oregon 1.9, 'Nebraska 1.9, Iowa 1.7.Idaho, another license State, tied theKansas record, its per centage alsobeing 2.2.TOBACCO DEALERS MAYLOSE THEIR BUSINESSAll Warned That Fight Will Be Madeto Stop Sale of Weed.(Advertisement.)With attacks already being madehere against the use of cigarettesand many ministers seeking to prevent the sale of luxuries on Sundays,the Richmond tobacco trade, believing that the State-wide prohibitionelection to be held in Virginia thisyear will be followed by a fightagainst the use of tobacco, yesterdayafternoon adopted resolutions designed to warn all persons engagedin the tobacco business against the"threatened attack." Copies of theresolution will be sent throughoutthe State.Temperance and prohibition organizations are reported to be workingin several States to have laws enacted making the manufacture, saleand use of tobacco unlawful. Lawsare already in force in severalStates prohibiting ,the manufactureof cigarettes.To close the tobacco factories inRichmorid, to say nothing of otherother such plants in Virginia, wouldmean a great loss of revenue andthrow thousands of persons out ofwork, the tobacconists assert.The Richmond tobacco trade urgesall persons engaged in the tobaccobusiness "to take action as will protect their tobacco interests againstthe unreasoning and unjustifiable attacks of extremists."PROHIBITION RECORDS INTHE UNITED STATES.mWords to the Wise.(Advertisement.)Twenty-four States of the Unionhave at one time or the other, en-l acted State-wide prohibition laws,and of these twenty-four States,only nine have those laws now ontheir statute books.Here is what the twenty-fourState have done:Maine adopted prohibition in 1854;repealed it in 1856, and re-enactedprohibition in 1858; still on statutebooks.New Hampshire adopted in 1855,tried it forty-eight years and repealed in 1903.Vermont adopted it in 1850, triedit fifty-three years and repealed it in1903.Massachusetts adopted it in 1852,repealed in 1868; readopted in 1869;repealed in 1875.Rhode Island adopted in 1852; repealed in 1863; readopted in 1886and repealed in 1889.Connecticut adopted in 1845, repealed in 1872.Ohio adopted in 1851, annulled bya license tax law.Indiana adopted in 1855, declaredunconstitutional.Wisconsin adopted in 1855, vetoedby Governor.Michigan adopted in 1855, declaredunconstitutional.Illinois adopted in 1851, repealedin 1853.Iowa adopted partial prohibition in1855, full prohibition in 1884, mulctlaw in 1893.Here is a letter received by our dry friends in Lexington someweeks agcT which up to this time they have failed to print. Itcontains so many good .things in which all the people of Parisand Bourbon County are interested that we feel impelled togive it to them ourselves.MR. HENRY LLOYD, Secretary, .Fayette Local Option League, v ,Lexington, Ky. ,DEAR SIR:I' have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your letter ofthe 26th inst., asking my opinion or observation concerning theoperation of prohibition laws in Kentucky. Answering yourquestions numerically, I believe I can truthfully say:. That enmity, strife and bitterness ARE engendered underattempted enfocement of of prohibition laws.2. That prohibition does not prohibit, but places the unlicensed sale of liquors in the hands of irresponsible men, negroes,whites, law-breakers who have little thought of the punishment,even when the are caught, which is infrequent.3. In the case of Bowling Green, to take a concrete example,the voting, out of licensed saloons has) materalSy hurl) business, and every man not a fanatic or a politician who is desirousof working on the creduality of the unthinking, will tell you thesame.4. If there has been any diminution in crime, pauperism orinsanity, since the county of Warren voted the saloons out ofBowling Green, the records of the court do not show it. Thereare about the same number of drunks brought before thecourt as during the period of license, and our county judge,liimself an ardent prohibitionist, has his officials out with adragnet raking in the alleged vagrants. I think I notice" inthe court columns 'of my paper to-day where half a dozen"vas" were arraigned in court, and in the same court two persons were to-day adjudged insane and ordered to the asylum.Mind you, I do not attribute jthese things to prohibition orthe lack of it. Such conditions may be brouglft about fr,oniother sources. It is also probably true that the same hardtimes could have been brought about with or without saloons.Certain it is that since the saloons closed here six months ago,there has been no improvement in the morals, the religon northe health of this community.This is probably not the kind of letter "youwantedbut youasked me to tell you, and I have told you as " it is, "nor setdown aught in malice."It is possible that in a compact community where there wasa strong sentiment against the sale of liquors, it could bedone, and should be done. The law of Kentucky where a ruralcommunity has a voice in the internal affairs of the city orcities within the county is un-democratic, unjust, and I believeunconstitutional. Until each community is permitted to settlesuch matters for itself there will be no good come out of theallege prohibition laws. And until you can divorce the question from its alleged moral or religious phase, you will alwayshave the enmity, strife and bitterness mentioned in your firstparagraph. ,I have the honor to be, my near sir,Yours sincerely,.(Signed) EDW. O. LEIGH,Editor Bowling Green 'Messenger.Nebraska adopted in 1855, repealed largein 1875.North Dakota-vision in 1890.-Constitutional pro-THE TRAGEDY OF THE TONGUEA news dispatch from DawsonSprings, Ky., to the daily paperssays: "W. B. Hamby, a streetpreacher named Jordan, and Jordan'sson, were taken out and whipped bya mob at midnight for talking toomuch and retailing scandal aboutweel-known women."Too much tcrague is a bad thing.When we recall that some of thebest and noblest that have ever lived have been reviled and traduced,indicted and executed by so-called"good men," certainly men whowere sincere how can we open ourhearts to tales of discredit?The entire witchcraft cases inSalem, Massachusetter were nothingbut cases of scandal. Much of martyrdom and bloodshed of the past canbe traced to the same cause. Nationshvae gone to war because somesome prince charged that a kingstuck his tongue in his cheek and bithis lips when another king i was mentioned. One peculiarity of scandal is thatwhen it passes along from one person to another it assumes the characteristics of ptomaine poisoning.The original remark, uttered in acertain circle, may have been utter-ar rJo-trnirl nf nniKOnnilS intent, butwhen the repetition comes, in a different atmosphere, to different bearers, told by a different man or woman,the with that once disinfected thething is gone, and we have onlydead, stale, tained, unprofitable stuff.And so you see how a person whorepeats an unkind remark is probablydoing a much greater mischief thanthe one who first voiced it. Thet manwho first repeats the story, and thusretails the poison, fails to supply theantidote. Let his name forever besilenced in oblivion. He is the promotor, the muckraker, the filthdigger. A tragic feature of "tongue," isthat those who deal in it almost always are full of grieveances andwails, because, as they allege, theyare being talked about by otherpeople. This has happened in numerous instances in Paris, (Ky.) Indeed, this is their excuse for the constant use of the "hammer" thatsomeone is "knocking on them."they mistake the sound of their own"hammers" for that of others. Anyman who plots another man's undoing is digging his own grave.All those plotters of the FrenchRevolution who worked the guillotinein double shifts were themselvesdragged to the scaffold and punishedunder the knife.The hate that we sow finds lodgment in our hearts, wraps our finerfeelings, creates unreasoning prejudice and lasting injustice in almostevery instance.Paris has recently passed throughsuch a maelstorm of gossip andscandal as was never before known,whether it was based upon facts ornot, and the time has come now fora dead stop in the matter beforesome man or woman takes it uponhimself or herself to avenge his orher own wrongs. sLOCAL OPTION ADDRESES.Col.Geo. W. Bain addressed aaudience at Ruddles Mills,Monday night in the interest of thelocal option forces. Tjie meetingwno rkrodiiPfi ovfr bv Chairman C.(advertisement)XKansas Constitutional amendment o. Hinton, of the Bourbon Countyin 1880. i Local Option League. The musicSouth Dakota Constitutional pro- ( Was under the direction of Mr. A. L.vision in 1890, repealed in 1896. I Boatright, of the Paris Christianp.Anrinn Afinntpfi nrn vimtion in p.hiim. 1 npvntional exercises wereMRS. GILTNER'S WILL.The last will and testament of thelate Mrs. Ann Isabelle Giltner, whodied at her home in Paris a fewweeks ago, has been probated inCounty Court.The instrument, wnich was drawnon April 13, 1914, was witnessed byMessrs. S. E. Bedford and Wm. T. 1Bryan, of Paris.The testatrix leaves her real estate in Paris and Her farm nearHutchison Station in trust, the income to be equally divided between,her children, Mrs. Grace G. Talbott,of Paris, and Mr. William Giltner, ofLexington, for life. In case ofdeath of either child their share inthe estate is to. revert to the grandchildren of Mrs. Giltner, should anybe living. A further provision is alsomade by the testatrix that in theevent both of her children and hergrandchildren should all die, thatthe estate so devised"" should revertto the W. W. Massie MemorialHospital, in Paris.Mrs. Giltner names her daughter,Mrs. Grace G. Talbott as executrixof the estate, and also as trusteefor Mr. William Giltner. Under theterms of the instrument no bond isrequired of Mrs. Talbott in carryingout the provisions of the will.Mi. Giltnerfs estatjet consists ofabout two hundred acres of fine landnear Hutchison Station, besides several pieces of Paris property. It issaid that she was also possessed ofa large amount of cash and stockin Louisville and Paris banks, whichwas distributed among Mrs. Giltner'stwo children a short time before herdeath.Mrs. Talbotb appeared beforeCounty Clerk Pearce Paton yesterday and qualified as executrix ofthe estate."THE FLYING SQUADRON."Ex-Governor J. Frank Hanly, ofIndiana, and Oliver W Stewart, former member of the Illinois Legislature, spoke in the Court House yesterday under the auspices of the"Flying Squadron of America," in behalf of State and Nation-wide prohibition. This is the latest movementin the Anti-Liquor War. GovernorHanley and Mr. Stewart came toParis to present the. plans and purposes of this organization. "TheFlying Squadron will begin its greatNation-wide campaign on the 30thday of September going into 4&States and 200 of the largest cities.It consists of speakers, singers andmusical directors. (ltjCOLONIAL GETS "IRISH."Thomas Mcllhenney, better known:perhaps as '"Irish," scenic artist,and all-round good fellow, who hasbeen making Paris his home for thepast two years, has accepted a tempting offer from the Colonial Theatre,in Lexington, and with Mrs. Mcllhenney, will remove to that place to reside. Mr. Mcllhenney's ability as ascenic artist is well-known and bewill make a valuable addition to theColonial force.EVERY LOAD GUARANTEED.We guarantee every load of coalto give satisfaction. Phonos 336.(15-tf) J. H. BATTERTON.FARMER CHOOSES AHORRIBLE DEATH.A. J. Caldwell, a prominent farmer,residing two miles from Lancaster,committed suicide hi a most horriblemanner Wednesday morning.He laid down on the ground andplacing a large stick of dynamite onhis chest, lighted the fuse. A terrific explosion resulted, tearing hisbody almost into shreds.He was a graduate of State CollegeLexington. Mr. Caldwell had been inpoor health several years and this issupposed to have ' been responsiblefor his rash act. -NOTICE.City tax lists for theyear 1914 are now inmy hands for collection at my office atthe Deposit and Peoples Bank.C. K. THOMAS,tf City Collector.PUBLIC SALEOFDESIRABLE CITY RESIDENCE, BUILD-ING LOT, PLANING MILL ANDHOUSEHOLD FURNITUREHaving acceptel a position in Cincinnati, I will sell at public auction,onWednesday September 23, I9I4,beginning at 2 o'clock p. m., my residence, building lot and planing mill,located on Houston Avenue, in Paris,Ky.The residence contains 6 rooms,hall, pantry, bath room, porch,cellar under entire house; electriclights; city water; lot 50x150 feet,with good stable, shade trees, concrete walks, etc.This property is very desirable,being convenient to schools and thebusiness part of town, and is in agood neighborhool.The building lot is 40x80 feet, andhas a two-story frame storage room20x40 feet thereon.One planing mill outfit consistingof a 15-horse power motor; 1 planer;1 Universal woodworker and rip sawcombined; 1 swing cut off saw; lineshaft; pulleys and belts; carpentertools; wagon; buggy; two sets ofharness and all of my household andkitchen furniture.'Positive Sale.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.F. L. WALKER,Paris. Ky.Geo. D. Speakes, Auct.(16sept-3t)tiMMtfMMimtimnatMMHHttHHtttttMHfMtfAre1907. effective in 1908Alabama adopted in 1908, local option now.Mississippi Prohibition in 1908,effective in 1909.North Carolina Adopted Prohibiition in 1909.Tennessee 1909.West Virginia 1912.Fifteen of twenty-four States thatenacted Prohibition laws no longerhave them on their statute books.The nine States on whose statutebooks State-wide Prohibition laws arenow written are: Maine, Kansas,North Dakota, Oklahoma, North Carolina, Mississippi, Tennessee, Georgia and West Virginia.Prohibition evidently is a failureor the people of fifteen out of twenty-fourStates would not havebrought about repeals of the law.PROHIBITION A DEAD FAILURE(Advertisement.) -Before entering into the Employof the Anti-Saloon League ex-Gov.Patterson, of Tennessee, said:"Tennessee's prohibition law has resulted in more saloons, more bootlegging, more whisky sold anddrunk than at any time in the history of the State, as well as increased lawlessness and a growing disrespect for law.4 Prohibition, as far asthe law affects Tennessee, is afraud.""The wave of prohibition seems tohave spent itself. On the whole,State-wide prohibition has hardly justified itself." Saturday EveningPost."The story is the same everywhere. When the lawful saloon isclosed, the illicit sal of vile liquorsand injurious. Idrugs increases. Society loses more than it gains bythe change." New York World.$2,600 PAID FOR JACK.Joseph B, Wright, proprietor of theKentucky Jack Farm, which lies overthe Boyle line in Lincoln county,sold to Mr. H. B. Thornberry, of LosAngeles, Cal., one of the finest jacksever produced in Kentucky. Thenrice paid for the jack was $2,600.This is the 'highest price for whicha jack has ever been sold in thissection of Kentucky. This jack wasproduced on Mr. Wrjght's farm, siredby Old Inca, dam by Starlight, wasfour years old and a magnificentspecimen of the long ear stock, andattracted- much attention when takenthrough. v the city. The purchaser ofthe jack is a multi-millionaire andwill7 exhibit him at the Panama Exposition as the -product of the Kentucky Jack JParm, JunctioriCity, Ky.r.nn ducted bv Rev. Mr. Ammerman.Arrangements have been made tohold a temperance mass meeting atthe Little Rock Christian Church at2 o'clock Sunday afternoon. Col.Geo. W. Bain, of Lexington, will bethe principal speaker, supplementedby Rev. J. D. Redd, .ot Millersburg,and a colored preacher, Rev. A. N.Davis. Space will be reserved forthe colored people.Rev. J. J. Dickey will deliver atemperance address in the coloredM. E. Church at Monterey next Sunday aftenoon at 2:30 o'clock.At a temperance rally to be heldat the Hutchison Chapel next Sunday night at 7:30 o'clock Rev. W. A.Wright, an evengelist of note, willbe the principal speaker.R'ev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian Church, will speakat Bethlehem, Friday night, September 18, at 7:30 o'clock, on the localoption question. A cordial invitation to all the voters in the precinctas well as to every one else interested in the campaign. (It)Hear Clinton IM.Howard, "The LittleGiant,5' at the CourtHouse Sunday at 2p. mSALAD SUPPER.The Junior Aid Society of Clintonville Christian Church will give asalad supper at the school-house today. The menue will consist of chicken salad, croquettes, beaten biscuit,sandwiches, pickle and coffee.Admission 25 cents. vTHE DOLLAR VS. THE SOUL.(Advertisement.)The prohibitionists ridicule theidea of the city, county and Statelosing thousands of dollars in revenue, and say "The whisky peopleand putting dollars above morals.What is a few thousand dollars compared with one soul?"It is true that a few thousand dollars is a paltry sum wlien comparedwith a human soul, but what assurances do they give that any moresouls will be saved when the bootlegger takes the place of the licensed saloon? How many more soulshave been saved since Maine wasvoted dry sixty years ago, than before? The prohibitionists don't careto quote these records, which show37 per cent, of Kentucky's populationare church members, while that ofMaine is 29.8.Yes a" few thousand dollars is indeed a small price forthe soul ofaman, frut when a community losesboth, how much does it gain?9m9m89These QuestionsFor YOUWhat has the saloon ever done for you?What has the saloon ever done for your family, your relativesand friends?If you spend one dollar or ten dollars in saloons, what willyou have for the money? 'If the saloon is good, why keep women and children out o& it?If the saloon is good, why screen windows and doors?It the saloons is good, why close it when there is a riot? "If the saloon is good, why do police first go there to findcriminals when a crime is committed?If the saloona is good, why close it on Sunday and electionday? ' - .If the saloon is good, why tax it '51,000 a year?Why do not real estate men advertise saloons in their towu'lfIf the saloons is good, why keep it away from church doors,schools and rich men's homes?'Is it not a fact that dry cities are better improved than salooncities?Is it not a fact that merchants do better business in dry citiesbecause people are better fed, better clothed and better housedthan people in saloon cities?Why deprive paupers, lunatics, idiots and criminals of the personal liberty of landing upon our shores and grant saloonkeepersthe right of manufacturing all of them at home?If it is right to license the saloon, why is it not right to license gambling houses and other evil institutions?Because laws agaimft murder, stealing and other crimes areviolated, is that any reason why we should do away with, suchlaws?Because liquor dealers defy laws in order to enrich themselvesis that any reason we should surrender and let them crush us?e9999a&99399999&Oeses9&&&&&gS9S4999O99999999999999999999999999If it were true that more liquor were sold in dry cities than Jin wet cities, why do the liquor interests spend millions of dol- 9lars to keep cities wet? ,If the saloon Is good, why is it that brewers and liquor deal-ers object to rearing their families in saloon -territory?Vote the Saloon Out!(Advrtisemnt)mjJV9999999.1'f .LLiwJi-iNTHE, BOUjRBON; NES PARIS,. KENTtlCKY,' SEPTEMBER 18, 1914.si .--- ry$misjyiaSfevHAS THE BEST'OF ALL LINES MADE:Hear Clinton N.Howard, "The LittleGiant," at tne LounSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Mrs. J. W. Taylor is visiting relatives in Danville.Miss Kate Lenihan is the guest! of relatives in Lexington.Mr. wm. R. Blakemore is inChicago on a business trip..M.-7 -,ra jaf. oi Mrs L,avmia -tienancK, or Lex-int-ju '- - mgton, is a guest or Mrs. Jas. L.p. ITI. Wilcox.iuiss Jiargaret uoyie win attendWILL CLOSE MONDAY.Our store will be closed Mondayon account of it being a Jewish Holiday. (It) POSNER BROS.SPECIAL REGISTRATIONTo-day is special registration dayfor all who from any cause, werenot registered at the" last regularregistration. The booths will be openfrom 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.MISSIONARY MEETING.theitsThe Missionary Society ofPresbvterian Church will holdfirst meeting at the home of Mrs.Vm. G. McClintock, on Pleasantstreet, Monday afternoon.WILL BE CLOSED.Our store will be closed on Monday and Tuesday of next week onaccount of Jewish holiday.(15-2t) HARRY SIMON.JEWISH NEW YEAR.The stores of the Hebrew merchants in this city will be closednext Monday, it being the JewishKew Year, when the orthodox Jewsremain away from their business andobserve the day religiously.TO PRACTICE LAW. "Cardome Academy at Georgetown,tins year.Mrs. Mary Tarr left this weekfor a visit to relatives and friends inMarshall, Mo.Mr. and Mrs. James L. Wilcoxhave as guest Mr. C. A. Johns, ofHouston, Texas.Mrs. George W. Wilder has goneto Frankfort to visit her mother, Mrs.Long, who has been ill.Miss Flora Hill has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. JohnK. Smith, in Dayton, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Wallen havereturned from a visit to relatives inOwenton and Owen county.Mrs. Ralph Tolle and children,guests of Bourbon county relatives,have returned to Maysville.Mr. George Allexander has beenseriously ill at his home on Pleasantstreet for the past two days.Misses Rebecca Redmon" andSarah Louise Bedford will attendHamilton College, in Lexington.Miss Sarah Daniel, who has beenthe guest of relatives in Indiana forseveral weeks, has returned home.Miss Mary Adair, of Mt. Sterling, is visiting Mrs Georgia Kelleiand Miss Belle Mitchell, on Pleasantstreet.Mr. T. M. Funk, of the BourbonSteam Laundry is ill at his home onSouth Main street, threatened withappendicitis.Miss Lamiza Breckinridge, whohas been the guest of Mr. and Mrs.W. P. Ardery, has returned to herhome in St. Louis, Mothis city. Mr. Wiles is the5 managerof the Metropolitan Life InsuranceCo.'s local office'.Miss Mary Adair has returned toMt. Sterling, after a yisit to relativesand friends in Paris.Miss Luclle Roberts, of Henderson, who has been the guest of MissFrances Chamtifi. letft. Tiip.qdav forOxford, O., where she will enter Ox-Mr. Charles Cook Cromwell, ofHenderson, who was the guest ofMr. and Mrs. Swift Champe, leftTuesday for Danville, where he willattend Centre College.FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLAR iCHECK DELIVERED.A check for $50,000, being theamount of a policy held by the lateMrs. Robert C. Talbott, in the PennMutual Insurance Co., was deliveredlast night to Mr. Wm. F. Talbott, administrator of the estate of Mrs.Talbott. The check was presentedby Miss Grace Donaldson, repreing Mr. Roy Clendenin, of this city,local agent for the Penn-Mutual LifeInsurance Co., who was absent inCincinnati, attending the meeting ofthe National Association of InsuranceAgents. $The policy for which payment wasmade last night was taken out byMrs. Talbott last February. 18-ltSTREET WORK BEGUN.After numerous delays, due to numerous causes, the work of resurfacing Main street from Tenth to theEast Paris bridge, has been startedand is progressing nicely. Twoblocks of the street between Tenthand Eighth streets have been completed, and the result is emphaticallysatisfactory, so far as a layman cantell. The pitch of the crown hasbeen lowered slightly, making it saferin sleety, slippery weather. Superintendent Barnett has a large force ofexpert workmen at work, and saysthft work will be carried forward as'. fast as possible, or a3 long as theA petition for a permit to practicelaw was filed in the Nicholas CircuitCourt at Carlisle, by Mr. W. H. Henderson, of this county. Mr. Henderson will be examined for admissionto the bar at the October term ofthe Nicholas Circuit Court.WOW WE'LL HEAR SOMETHING!Judge Harmon Stitt will speak atthe Court House Monday evening at7; 30 o'clock. Subject, "What ParisNeeds." While Judge Stitt advocateslocal option, he is not under the auspices of the Campaign Committee.There will undoubtedly be a largecrowd in attendance.VINEGAR AND SPICES.tup have the best vinegarspices to be found, for pickles.C. P. COOK & COand'rcoii weather holds out.IMPORTANT NOTICE.Our Special Cash Sale of gasheating appliances closes on Saturday, Septelmberi lilth. If you havenot already taken advantage of thisoffer we advise you to do so at once.If we haven't the stove you want instock, we will order it for you atthis price. This sale positively closes on the 19th. Come in to-day andplace your order for range or heaterNo old stock, everything guaranteed.Come in to-day.It PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.TO THE LADIES.! While the ladies of this and ad-ALL DAY MEETING.The Pasotrfs Aid Society of thethe Presbyterian Church will have. itsall-day meeting at the church parlorson next Tuesday, Sept. 22. As it isthe beginning of the seasons work,a" full attendance is desired.INITIAL MEETING.The first meeting of the Woodmanof the World, the new fraternal order recently organized here, will beheld in their lodge room m the K. orP Hall to-night, when new memberswill be initiated and the applicationsof several others acted upon.THOS. K. MARSH'S SALE.Auttioneer M. P. Kenney reportsThos. K. Marsh's sale as follows:Horses 100 to $130 per head, -cows$40 to $50 per head, heifers 545 to$47 per head, steers $28 per head,brood sows $16 to $20 per headsheep $6 per head. Implements andhousehold effects sold low.IMPORTANT TOBACCO NEWS.We are handling Forty-eight HourCoke, also Gas House Coke. Headquarters for best coals. See us before placing your orders.(18-2t) CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.APPOINTED APMINISTRATOR.County Judge C. A. McMillan hasappointed Jo. S. Varden as administrator of the estate of Mrs. NannieHerrick, who died in Paris a fewweeks ago. Mr. Varden qualified in300 bond, with his brother, Mr.White Varden, as surety.Judge McMillan also appointed Mr.Oscar Hinton as administrator ofthe -estate of the late George Holland, of thsi county. Mr. Hintonqualified in the sum of $200, withhis father, Mr. W. O. Hinton, as surety.OBSERVING EMBER DAYS.Wednesday, Thursday and to-daywere observed by the members vof theParis Catholic Church as "EmberDavs," which entails special prayersand fasting of the members of thechurch.This period comes four times avear, at the beginning of each seaton and is always carefully observed.During this season Catholics eatonly one full meal a day and are especially abstinent. The present period is supposed to represent a timeset apart for thanksgiving for theharvest which has just been gathered.,.W. C. T. U. ELECTS OFFICERS.Officers for the Paris branch of theW C T U were elected at a recentmeeting "as follows: President Mrs.William Myall; Vice President Mrs.James Douglass; secretary ii a.James D. Burnaw; Treasurer Mrs.Bettie Brown. ,,',Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, Mrs.James D. Burnaw, Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft and Mrs. W. T. Brooks wereelected delegates from the localUnion to the State Convention to beheld in Winchester, Oct. 2 to 6.Mrs. William Myall will attend theConvention as State Superintendentof tki .Almshouse Department.Miss Elizabeth Erdman, who hasbeen visiting her sister, Mrs. W. P.Fisher, in this city, has returned toher home in, Lexington.Mrs. Thompson Tarr and Mrs. D.A. Daugherty have gone to Marshall,Mo., and other points in the Statefor a visit to relatives.Mrs.W. A. Johnson and daughter, Miss Frances Johnson, are visiting the former's sister, Mrs. Howell, in Huntington, W. Va.Mrs. W. W. Judy, who has beennt. the Massie Hospital for the pastten days, is able to be at her home 'and is much improved in liealtn.Mrs. Mary F. Chase and daughter, Miss Chase, of Washington, D.C, were visitors in Paris, Saturdayand Sunday, the guests of .Mrs.r.h pro's brother. Mr. W. T. Ficklin.Jailer Joseph Farris attenaea i jolnlns counties are attending tnen, ccinnc. nf fl-in Trontnolrv Jn.ilp.rs' ! .!ii:,. nno.-rino-a fliov nrp pordiallvk r.nn;nf;-r of T.rmicvillp. vpsterdav. i ;..:-.i f cfnn in flnd insnect myi He is Treasurer of the organization. iianSOme line of Stamped Sofa Pil! iico "Mnrv T)nn Harbison, who I i,c TaV.iri "Runners and Pillowhas been a guest for several days of slips at cost for cash.Mrs. J. Simms Wilson, on Houston j (18it) MRS. W. E. BOARD.Avenue, has returned to her home in jFlemingsburg. Hoaf r!!nton N.Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Cook have as Car S?irVl a !their guest Mr. Cook's sister, Mrs. . Ho Ward, MJZI Carter is the pastor of the Christian ( f-jjotjse Sunday at &Misses Marion and Elizabeth - iBkClay Alexander, who have been vio-,iting relatives in New York, during Ithe summer, have returned to theirhome in this citv. iMiss Margaret MeDermott and ilittle grandsoS, Master Fred McDer-' Our Wall Paper Department offer,mott, who have been, the guests of .you unequal bf;"" 'UVs'Torelatives in this city ior several ui, , we ua,ve ww " -- ---Y. M. C. A. CONTRACT LET.The contract for the handsome newhome of the Y. M. C. A., which isto be erected on the lot on' Mainstreet, between Ninth and Tenth, recently purchased for the purpose,was let at a meeting of the directors,in the office of Secretary Earl Mast,Monday night. The fortunate bidders were Cullan & Vaughn, of Hamilton, Ohio. Work will be started onthe foundations in a few days, andthe building will be finished in theearly spring. The new home whencompleted will cost in the neighborhood of $50,000. The details of thecontract as accepted contained manychanges from those first submitted,all of which will make the structureone of the most complete in theState.Mr. Earl Mast, the local Secretary,is attending the State Conference ofthe Y. M. C. A. at Louisville thisweek. On Wednesday he presidedovr the morning session.MILLINERY OPENING.mmmmmmmmmmm,With the passing of the summerand the advent of the still, brownautumn days, the femanine mind isconcerning itself with the eternalquestion, "What will the fall stylesbe like?"The question is to be properly solved by attending the millinery opening at Mrs. Corne -Watson Baird's,which will be held to-day, (Friday.)Everything in milhnery adornmenttaat can help to make lovely womenlovelier, will be shown, fresh fromthe hands of artistic designers andexperts in executing and carryingout the designer's ideas. The verynewest and latest will be on displayand a critical inspection is cordiallyinvited. Excellence of material anda strict regard for tne artisitic hasalways marked Mrs. Baird's productsand the designs to ie shown at theopening will in no -.vise depart fromthe high standard her goods havealways maintained.The ladies of Bourbon and surrounding counties ar3 'cordially invited to bo our guests to-day, whenthey will find the choicest assortment to select from ever displayedin Paris.(15-2t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.ANNOUNCEMENT!8 THE ARDERY DRUG CO, I- IS NOW OPEN FOR BUSINESS. fThe stork has been invoiced and cleaned up, all old,i depreciated goods are thrown out and we are offering at full and up-to-date line ofj DRUGS : ?;Arid Druggists' Sundries.S We guarantee quick delivery to any part of the city.X Country orders delivered in one day's time by- parcelsJ post. Phone us your wants.2 A visit to our store will be appreciated. V-I The Ardery Drug Co.S Clarke's Old Stand.I Clinton N. Howard,FOR BOYS AND GIRLS.The hest school shoes to he foundfor boys and girls is at Feld's ShoeStore. (septl-tf)FOR SALE.Five shares of the capital stock'of the Deposit and Peoples' Bank.Apply to(18-3t) JOHN J. WILLIAMS.Player Piano For Sale.If you wish a real bargain, for particulars, addressB. C. PULTON,f Paris, Kentucky.(18-3t) Care General Delivery.KNOWN AS" The Little Giant,"WILL SPEAK AT THE COURT. HOUSE,"SUNDAY.- yAT 2 P.M.Mr. Howard is an intellectual giant and one ofthe foremost speakers of to-day. Come and hearhim.(Advertisement)(The Pair!rPtnrned to Louisville to-day.Mrs. A. H. Morehead and sonsarrived Wednesday from a summers'stay in Chattanooga and LookoutMountain. The illness of Mrs. Morehead prevented their return lastweek, as had been previously announced. Mr. Oscar Hinton was the guestof honor at a farewell dinner partygiven at Stout's Cafe Thursday evening. Mr. Hinton is to be married atBaltimore, Md., on the 23rd inst, toMiss Elizabeth Whitridge, of Baltimore. Around the board were gatheredMr. Hinton's closest friends, JudgeC. A. McMillan, Hon. Reuben Hutchcraft, John Kriener, Charles Fithian,Wallace Clark, Harry B. Fithian,Hiram Roseberry. This last partywas throoughly enjoyed, and goodwishes were showered on the bridegroom-elect.The Lexington Herall says:"The announcement that Mrs. HughesBronston is to be hostess at thePhoenix Hotel for the dinner-dancesand Dansants this season, is hailedwith greatest interest and pleasure.She and her dancing partner fromNew York will dance all the latestdances, the Maxixe, Hesitation, LuluFardo, LaRusse, Tango, Pavlowa Gavotte, Fox Trot and others of beauty,and will teach them in the ballroomin the morning."Miss Grace Haskins entertainedat Five Hundred, on Friday afternoonin honor of her house guests, MissesNichols, Parrish and Weathers.Those present were: Mrs. J. T.Tadlock, of Paris; Mrs. Willis Liver,Mrs. Molar McVey, Mrs. A. S.Thompson, Mrs. I. C. Haley, Mrs. J.B. Shipp, Mrs. J. T. Weathers, Mrs.Sam Weathers; Misses Mary andRoberta Gorham, DoUte and EthlynSmith, Hazel and Martha Stephenson, Nina and Clara Suchanan, MaudeParrish, Cora and Mary V. Parrishand Cordie Stephenson.The following Paris boys andgirls are attending various schoolsand colleges: Misses Patsy Clark,"Dorcas ITssery, Sarah Louise Bedfordand Elizab(,h Tarr, Hamilton College; Mr. Stanley Dickson, Danville;Messrs. Edward Myall, William T.Henry and Joseph Letcher, Transylvania; Messrs. Charles Dickerson,Earl Dickerson, Wayne uottingnam,Emerson Galloway, Clarence Harneyand Wm. Lenihan, State University;att Duke Brown. University of Virginia; Mr. Edward Vansant, will re-sturn to Winchester, va.; ivir. josepnDayis to M. M. I.; Mr. Edward Fithian, University of J?ennsklvania, andMr. Cassius M. Clay will enter Yale.Mrs. Nellie Stephenson, o Cleveland, Ohio, is the guest' of her parents, Mr. .and Mrs. C. B. Wiles, in(select from. If you are in the marketwe can surely interest you.We havq, some smali sizef, roomlots to close out at the very lowprice of 49c, including border.We have first class decorators andcan do your work at once.THE FAIR&' naBaBM'll','lllllll'll,lrfioyQhtiorthe JmS !' .Dance at home tothe music of theVictrolaHome is the idealplace for the new dances,and the Victrola makesit possible to dancethem in every home.The Victrola playseven the most difficultnumbers perfectly, andwith such music dancingis a real delight.We'll eladlv play any Sancemusic you wish to hear stop inany time. Anawe'll exolain. too,how you can easilyhave a Victrola inyour homelS to:i!SliErl-BS.:7Miii nomeiasT ior warn.ThereforeJ That which you buy should be worth buying. We use ievery endeavor to keep a stock of theVery Best Furniture, Rugs,Wall Papersj V: and will be much pleased to have YOU come and :in-vestigate. We handle nothing second hand.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYwParis- Kentucky-Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance Wood Mantels9 1VI cDotigal Kitchen CabinetsFoster Bros. Safety Crib.j-V ,TliE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KEIekx, SEFrEMBEFl 1 8J j 914VHPOfr;B1l 1 1 1 II 1 ill I1 14 I 1 1 1 1 t"l -HIStraussBros.& CosNew!No. 8iI On Sale at All fCigar Stands. !4A 1 11 1 1 ! .. ! ! ! 4' ! ! ! ! ! 4- i- ! ! ! ! ! !MBarMopCtroer Fourth and MainModern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDCarta I Bios.Barber ShopPrompt and Courteous Attention to All Patrons.I0T AND COLD BATHS.the Lamp Oil thati W V SThome liitn den r. steady light. Iu?nretl'is lij- ffettin:? the oil that burnsclear anl .l,in without a flirfcfrttowntofio Ja-trtrop. Hennsvlyaniacrude oil reflmrt to peraction."ri no mn-o than the fnferioiMtHtwaor r. nit aves MOSEY savear ojj K k.iv eyes.' Your deal.-r lias SOLITE OIL inb-rcLj direct from our works.- Chas. C. Stall Oil Co.Lexengtpn, KyRefinery at Warren, Fa.j We oll tixc celebrated "NoCarb"U Acto OILfsaaazaBEEEHSPARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.Xve. Court House.7:10 a m.7.45 a m8.15 a m8.45 a m9.15 a 'm9.45 a m10.15 a m.10.45 a m,11.15 a m11.45 a m12:05 p m12.45 p mLve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m6.40 p mU.51.452.155.45p mp mp mp m3.15 p m3.45 p m4.155.40.05.30mmmmm-dty Limits Only.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.LexingtonLeave ParisLexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 am9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 jp m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m.10:05 p nv.For xParisfor7:90 a ma ma ma ma mU:M11:S0' . 1:30 p m2:5 q. m3:3t p m4:30 p m" 5:00 p m"k f: p m7:3 p mt:lf p jnnax t p jnCigar1SglSSSSSHiMBHiHHwaaa1 rLUKE McLUKE SAYS(Cincinnati Enquirer.) .....Absence makes the heart growfonder in some cases. But don't imagine that you can stay out all nightand find your wife waiting with ahug and kiss when you get home inthe morning.It ued to be that a man could geta wife to have and to hold. But thebest he can do nowadays is to leaseone until she gets ready to blow.What has become of' the old-fashionedhorse that used to run awayand bust things up on the downtown streets?The reason why every girl in townthinks Annette Kellerman has a better shape than she has is because herGrandmother goes out in the backyard eVejry mornEng and shts abuffalo for breakfast.A tall, slender, graceful girl getsan admiring glance from a man. Butthere is something ozy and comfylooking about a corn-fed girl thatmakes a man stare At her for a while,A Souse is a man who gets it allin one place. A Moderate Drinkeris a man who takes a few nips inseventjy-tfive different places.Father always notices how neatand classy other women look. Butevery time Mother wants some coinfor clothes that will make her lookneat and classy Father has a conniption fit.$100 REWARD $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cureis the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeinsr a constitutional disease, requires a constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the blood andmucous surfaces of the system,thereby destroying the foundation ofthe disease, and giving the patientstrength by building up the constitution and assisting nature in doing itswork. The proprietors have so muchfath in its curative powers that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Sold by all Druggists. 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.(adv-sept.)Once Over.Some men attract more attentionthan a thermometer on a pleasant day-Chicago News.After All.Most of the things, that people thinkare matters of great moment aren'tACUTE INDIGESTION."I was annoyed for over a year byattacks of acute indigestion, followedby constipation," writes Mrs. M. J.Gallagher, Geneva, N. Y. "I tried everything that was recommended tome for this complaint but nothing didme much good until about fourmonths ago I saw Chamberlain's Tablets advertised and procured a bottleof them from our drpggist. I soonrealized that I had gotten the rightthing for they helped me at once.Since taking two bottles of them Ican eat heartily without any badeffects." Sold by all dealers.(adv-sept.)Daily Thought..JJUU.auuu ' " . f """--- "'Ithy the deep, controlling anxiety orthe thoughtful man. Wendell Phillips.For Artists.An artist should be fit for the bestsociety and keep out of it. Ruskin.DIZZY? BILIOUS? CONSTIPATED?Dr. King's New. Life Pills will cureyou, cause a helathy flow of Bile andrids your stomach and Bowels ofwaste and fermenting body poisons.They ire a Tonic to your Stomachand Liver and tone the general system. The first dose will cure youof that depressed, dizzy, bilious andconstipated condition. 25c all Druggists. (adv-sept.)Brain and Brawn.Those that think must govern thosethat toil. Goldsmith.A Question."Dobbs is a mild-mannered man.""Yes, he is. I wonder if he's naturally so, or married?"Bad Luck.Bad luck is one of the things thatcome to those who sit down and waitCOUTY COURT DAYS.Below is a list of the days CountyCourts are held each month in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawrecetmrg, 3d Monday.Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, lat Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Mondav.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday. .Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Pendleton, Falmoucn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Woodford, Versailles. 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondavLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, nd Monday.Madison, Richmond? 1st Monday. xMason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, '1st MondayMontgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d MonRECALLS POET. TOM MOOREHistoric Old Landmark, Once Centerof Diplomatic Residential Center, to Be Razed.With the coming of the changescontemplated in the dwelling house at2411 Pennsylvania avenue there willpass away one of the few buildingsremaining out of those built in theearly part of the last century nearWashington circle, when it was thecenter of the diplomatic residentialquarter. It was in this house that theBritish legation to the infant American republic had its first home ahome modest enough, when judged bythe standards of today, but a mansionof superior dignity in those times whenmeasured by the raw and unsightlydwelling houses that first marked thecapital.-It was in this house that the poet,Thomas Moore, stayed when, in May,1805, he visited the city as the guestof Mr. Merry, then the British minister to the United States.It is to be regretted that the v.isitof the great Irish bard was not apleasant one, either for the visitor orthe visited.. Indeed, every possibleadverse circumstance seems to havecombined to render that visit an uncomfortable one. Tom Moore, at thattime, was the darling of the Londondrawing rooms, petted by the ladiesand patronized by the lords; and thehead of the emotional young Irishmanwas swimming with the adulation paidhim by those titled personages, towhom, but a few years before, he, asa simple Irish lad, had looked up to.He was in love with elegance andaristocracy and exclusiveness; hence,he found nothing congenial in thedemocracy and the free-and-easy manners of Washington society in the administration of Jefferson.Furthermore, Mr. Merry was an eccentric fellow, with an exaggeratedidea of his own importance in thescheme of British national affairs. Thisweakness it delighted Jefferson toplay upon to the top of his bent.When the minister called, decked outin gold and lace and feeling himself,in fact, as he was in theory, the British crown itself the president tookpains to receive him in an old andtattered dressing gown and slippersthat flapped at the heels. This lastseems to have been especially painful to Merry, who really played into Ithe political hands of the presidentby sending home agonized protestsagainst British gold lace being received by American homespun.Moreover the city was, at that time,overrun by patriotic Irishmen who hadescaped from the revolution in theirown land and fled to this home of thefree. These had engendered even amore bitter sentiment against England and all things English among thepeople of the capital. It was goodpolitics, too, to hate everything British, and the administration encouraged the feeling.Into such an unhappy and uncongenial atmosphere it was that TomMoore came in the spring of ISO 5 ahousehold hating and hated by everything American. Even before Moorehad met a single soul in the city hehad his opinions already cut out forhim.CAPITAL IS WELL LIGHTEDLeads Cities of Same Size With Expenditure of $496,155 Firstin Defense.In comparison with eight other cities of the United States of about thesame population, Washington variesfrom first place to last in the matterof funds expended for different municipal activities in 1912, according tofigures made public recently by thecensus bureau.In street lighting Washington leadsall other cities of the group with anexpenditure of $496,155. The next cityIn point of amount of lighting expenditure is Cincinnati, with $412,200. Milwaukee comes last, with $233,197.The only other item in which Washington stands first is maintenance ofmilitia and armories. For this purpose the capital spent $110,533, Buffalo being next with $84,375.Second place is taken by Washington in the matter of expense for policing, San Francisco alone exceeding it.For protection of both life and property the capital is third, with an expenditure of $2,025,792.In 1912, Washington spent $1,257,624in maintaining its streets and highways, $651,628 for sanitation, and $138,624 for conservation of health. Washington stood at the bottom of the listof nine cities in the matter of moneyexpended for conservation of childlife, the amount being $5,873. Milwaukee led the list in this regard,with an expenditure of $26,404.The bulletin gives Washington the'highest per capita tax rate of the ninecities, $25.43.It Sounded Like Money.A government bureau that compilesand issues all sorts of information concerning natural resources recentlysent an analysis of spring water to aninquiring landowner in the far Northwest. The report named several differentmineral constituents found in the water, with the number of parts per million fQr each. The last substancegiven was iron, indicated in the listby the chemical symbol "Fe," and theanalysis showed thirteen-hundredths ofone part of iron. A few days laterthe bureau received a reply from theinquirer, in which he said, "I noticethat your fee is 13 cents.. I think thatis pretty small, 30 I inclose a moneyorder for. 25 cents.'-Youth's -Com-panion. -Mr, Phillips had Stomach Trouble for Morethan Five Years.Mr. W. R. Phillips, Jr., 139 Moreland Ave., Atlanta, Georgia, writes:"I had the catarrh and stomachtrouble for more than five years, andI faithfully tried all the medicines Isaw advertised, and found they allfailed to cure me, I then heard ofPeruna. I purchased six bottles, andafter their use I soon discovered thatI was -well, safe and sound. I nowweigh two hundred and ten pounds,and have never been sick since I tookPeruna. It surely is the best medicinefor colds, stomach trouble and catarrhthat I ever heard of."LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)The old-fashioned woman who usedto get out of the house about onceevery thrqe years wheta some onedied now has a daughter who is outso much that when she does returnshe has to look into every room inthe house before she can locate thekitchen.War is hell. A fellow who likesFrench, German, Russian and Hungarian dishes will have to ascertainthe nationality of the waiter beforehe can order a meal in safety.The old-fashioned woman who usedto keep her coin in a sock under themattress now has a daughter who ismad all over because her town didn'tland a regional reserve bank.No man ever uses more than threeor four keys. But he doesn't imagine he looks Important unless hecarries about four pounds of junk onhis key ring. 'No man ever has the Big Time heexpected to have when his wife goes'out of town.A woman is a person who willfool around the back porhc in an oldgunny sack and her bare feet, butwho wouldn't think of going out onthe front porch unless she had donned glad rags and clean stockings.HOW CHILDREN GROW.Children grow by nourishment notoverloaded stomachs or rich foods butqualities that are readily converted intolife-sustaining blood; too often theirdigestive powers cannot procure thesequalities from ordinary foods which resultsin weakness, dullness and sickness.If your children are under-size, underweight, catch cold easily, are languid,backward, pale or frail, give them Scott'sEmulsion which is pure medicinal nourishment. It sharpens the appetite, buildshealthy flesh, firm muscles and activebrains. Scott's is growing-food forchildren. Refuse alcoholic substitutes.FARMER'S WIFETOO ILLTO WORKA Weak, Nervous SuffererRestored to Health by Lydia'E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,Kasota, Minn. "I am glad to saythat Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableComnnunri has donejWilllliiiiililili more fr me anj:;: any uinig eise, ami xhad the best physi-111 cian here. I was so:ii weak and nervousthat I could not domy work and suffered with pains low3 down in my rightside for a year ormore. I took LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and now I feel like adifferent person. I believe there isnothing like Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound for weak women andyoung girls, and I would be glad if I 1could influence anyone to try the medicine, for I Jcnow it will do all and muchmore than it is claimed to do." -Mrs. iClara Franks, R. F. D. No. 1, Maplecrest Farm, Kasota, Minn.Women who suffer from those distressing ills peculiar to their sex shouldbe convinced of the ability of Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to restore their health by the many genuineand truthful testimonials we are constantly publishing in the newspapers.If you have the slightest doubtthat Lydia JE. Pinkhani's "Vegetable Qompoundwill help you,writeto Lydia E.PinkhamMedicineCo.(confidential) Lynn, Mass., for advice Your letter will be opened,read and answered by a woman,find held in strict confidence., ,1 1 1 1 1 m.i i t i i . .Wolf, Wile5i Co.tformerly Jfaufman, Straus dc Co.exington, 1I Regarding New Autumn Suits, !1 Gowns and Street Dresses. !On account of the European conditions we desire toimpress upon our patrons the advisability of making early-selections.tThe fact is now well established that desirableimported, fabrics in the most fashionable shades arealready scarce and many of them will not be obtainable later at any price.We are showing the very latest models that were sentover from Paris. There is a wide variety to choose fromand those who make their purchases early will congratulate themselves later. Beautiful New Suits in ChiffonBroadcloth, Gabardine and French Serges.$25.00 to $75.00.Dresses in the new Basque effects, of Rich Satins" andCrepe de Chines.$19.75 to $35.Smart Street Dresses in Seres and Satin Combinations,with touches of White Pique,$13.50 to $35.00.Clean-Up Prices on all Remaining Summer Dresses, Skirts and Waists.WOLF, WILE & CO.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, KentuckyW'C'i''PC''?w6,&.t.p.p,p,,I,.?t,M: ,i.,i..m..i,.h,No Advance in PricesFeld's Shoe Store.Having placed our Shoe Orders with the various factoriesfor our fall and winter Shoesearly last spring, we are nowoffering new arrivals at oldold prices. Remember Feld'sis the store for Quality, styleand comfort. Try us now ifyou haven't before.Feld's Shoe StoreISIs It Worth Insuring?ttAsk us to give you therates. We give especial attention to all farm business.Try us. Call 36 or 171 day,56 night.W. 0. HINT0N& SON,THE NEW FIRM.WTORADCn?Certainly?VlFliAi4. mu... 1 1 1 i i i hi i m i im vl4ATI ATTENTIOI, !74Do You Know We Handle;the CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freelv Givpn.Try Us.ELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phont101-.rt,A&SPIGEBSGILCHRISIXmmm9-o0e,j .csr,7tf-SJa..-3' ' J r1HE BOUMON NEWyPAJRlS, KENTUCKY. SEPTEMBER 18. 1914!jhH'M 1 1 U 4 -I I H 1 M'it'l "I '! 'WWWttfM 'WWWKENTUCKY WOMAN, SUFFERER FR0ISTOMACH ILLS, QUICKLY RESTORE!J--- IF CONSTIPATEDWhat She 0RBLL0US.Really Meant "CASGARETS"4The HifgiDflannfacturiog Co.Window and Door Equipments.T. A. HENDRICKS, Sales Agent, (Lexington, Ky.The Higgin All-Metal Weather Strips for Windows and Doorsare a real economy because they reduce the fuel bill, keep outthe dust, soot and rain.They stop absolutely the air currents coming around the sashand make the room more comfortable... They are durable and apermanent addition to the window.Estimates wKl be cheerfully furnished without charge and without obligation to buy.Better let up Strip your house and make it more comfortablenext winter and at same time cut down that fuel bill.We have furnished screens for hundreds of Satisfied Bourbonfamilies. We refer you to the following families in Paris, whohave used our AW-Metal Weather Strips and are pleased: Woodford Spears, W. W. Mitchell, W. R. Blakemore, A. J. Winters,Thos McDonald, Geo. W. Wilder, Ed. Tucker, R. C. Talbott andothers too numerous to mention.f T. A. HENDRICKSSALES254 RAND AVENUE.Teleph one,z,'X'I',I''I''I'IMIMI'IMIMX'fr'IMIWALTER MARTININEW LIVERY STABLE!New Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.mmmmmHorses Boarded ByHauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin andj the Main Streetplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BR0S7Stables Eigth St., Main St.L. & N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trains -A.rri"ve 'Xo. FROM '34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5:21am234 Lexington, Ky., Daily ". 5:18 am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y ,7 : 28 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,. 7:42 am.37 Cincinnati, O., Daily , 9:38 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10:20 am12 Lexington, Ky., Daily .. 10:15 am53 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:24am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:15 pm138 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:33 pm38 Knoxvllle, Tenn., Daily ; 3:30 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5:35pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:23 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains TDeioeurt:To. t o34 Cincinnati, O., Daily 5:28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:35 am7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 7:47 am40 Cincinnati, 0.t Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9:43amC7 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9:45am33 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily .10:29 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:27 am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily '. 12:05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12 : 04 am13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 3:33 pm-8 Cincinnati, O., Daily . 3:40pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:56 pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:58 pmu2 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6:28pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .' 6: 25 pm3D Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6 : 40 pm31 Lexington. Ky., Daily .' 10:55 pm131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:57pmTrains -A-rriveFROMFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday ' 7:40 anFrankfort, Ky.f Daily Except Su nday 5:50 pnTrains DepartT OFrankkfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 8:30 an.Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 6:25 pmNo.24-NO.13FOR RENT.Cottage on Nineteenth street,with 4 rooms and bath. Electriclights and modern convenienciee.(15-tf) ADAMI & SANTI.AGENT,LEXINGTON, KY.2585. JERNEST MARTINDay, Week or Month!Transfer Busi-Both PhonesMare For Sale.Non-resident owner will sell perfectly gentle family driving mare,chestnut, by King Squirrel, first damby Sumpter Denmark, for highestcash offer received. by September 24.inquire at Boardman's stable.(15-3t) .. - ,"I can't see," began the girl wholikes to talk, "why the business ofbeing an interpreter doesn't flourishnowadays. I'm thinking of startingout in it myself and I'm sure I'd, makea large income. I don't mean interpreting foreign languages, but justplain English!"I have learned through painfulyears of bumping my cranium againststone walls and I yearn to take undermy wing all the poor, bewildered mortals who still think the words peopleuse express what they mean. I wantto pat them on the back soothinglyand murmur 'There! There!' andthen explain to them that 'Do you likepink chickens?' really means, 'Wecame on the 10 o'clock train.'"For instance, Mrs. Gamboge callsyou up over the phone some morningand says, 'My dear, we're having afew people in to cards tonight andwant you to come. I just got it upon the spur of the moment it's onlya little informal affair. Oh, most informal, my dear, I assure you! Justa few friends! So glad you can come!Go-o-od-by!'"I've seen the time when I'd havedismissed the matter until just before time to dress, when I would nothave even glanced at the shelf carrying my party gowns in boxes, butwould have picked out some highnecked thing. Probably I'd have justworn my hair as I ordinarily do andwould have taken a street car to getto .the scene of the festivities. Butnot now!"I have grown wiser. I know thatthe English language does not meanwhat it is made to say. So I spendall my time after luncheon preparingto go to Mrs. Gamboge's informal little affair. I have my hair dressed andmy face massaged, and I get an extramanicure, and I have all my clothesunder inspection, and I pick out almost my very best gown. Then Iborrow mother's Paris evening wrapand phone for a taxi and wait fiveminutes in the crush at the door before I can even get in. There will bea Hungarian band playing under thestairs and the whole place will besimply broken out with caterer's men,who pass you along from one to theother solemnly, trying to act asthough they had butlered and foot-maned in that one spot for severaldecakes, as had their fathers beforethem."By this time I wish I had borrowedmother's diamond tiara, because I begin to feel kind of- plain in only asatin and crystal gown and a stringof pearls. There will be a four coursesupper and American beauty rosesbursting out from all corners."It is really maddening to thinkwhat unlimited money and a telephonewill do nowadays. It seems to me thatthey take away all the fun of giving aparty, all the worry being removed.These rich women do not have tocount their napkins and say, 'My goodness! I'll have to borrow Cousin Nell'sbest ones to fill out!' They do not discover that they haven't enough forksand that the spare room hasn't beendusted. All they do is phone a catererand a florist and tell Mary to be sureto see that she dusts extra well downstairs. Then they can go to a luncheon arid two teas and make a fewcalls and when they arrive home atdinner time they say, 'Dear me! I'dalmost forgotten that I have a cardparty tonight!"The only difference when it is considered a formal affair is that you getan engraved old English card ten daysin advance."Then when you drop in to see afriend and she keeps you waiting halfan hour before she comes down, andyou say, 'I hope I didn't disturb or interrupt,' and she murmurs sweetly,Not at all, my.dear! I was just hooking my collar, and I am so slow aboutdoing things!' you would realize, if youhad an interpreter at hand, that shemeant that she was up in the thirdfloor sewing room working like madwith a seamstress making over clothesand hadn't brushed her hair since shehad .twisted it Into a knob on arising,and had on a kimono thing and oldslippers. Also that she said whenvour card came up. 'Now, what onearth did she come today of all daysfor, I'd like to know! Isn't it provoking!' "My helping hand would be of benefit also to prosy and boresome andspoiled old bachelors when a sweetyoung thing of 20 leans over and looksinto their eyes and beseeches, 'Do tellme all about how yqu make ironbeams! I am so-o-o interested! itmust be such a fascinating business!'What she really means is, 'If I cankeep you talking to me as though yourlife depended on it I can get Harrystirred into a perfect frazzle of jealousy. He needs to be taken down apeg or two, the way he's acting of latewiti that Jerfkins girl!'"I'm quite charmed with the possibilities of my plan for a new profession!" concluded the girl who likes totalk. "Don't you want to employme?""I do not," emphatically said theman to whom she was talking. "I'vealready had lesson No. 1 and nowplease jpoint out which one of thosfellows is your Harry!" ChicagoDaily Nw. 1 .YOUR BOW-HEADACHE,COLDS, COUR STOMACHGet a 10-cent box. 'Take a Cascaret to-night to cleanseyour Liver, Stomach and Bowels, andyou will surely feel great by morning. You men and women who haveheadache, coated tongue, a bad cold,are bilious, nervous, upset, botheredwith a sick, gassy, disordered stom-.ach, or have backache and feel allworn out. Are you keeping yourbowels clean with Cascarets ormerely forcing a passageway everyfew days with salts, cathartic pillsor. caster oil?Cascarets immediately cleanse andregulate the stomach, remove thesour, undigested and fermenting foodbile from the liver and carry off theconstipated waste matter and poisonfrom the bowels.Remember, a Cascaret to-night willstraighten you out by morning. A10-cent box from your druggist meanshealthy bowel action; a clear headand cheerfulness for months. Don'tforget the children. . (adv)When a man gets stung he goesaround whining that he doesn't carea hang for the Money he lost but itis the principle of the thing that heis kicking about.The man who takes his grouch toa rum reflectory .and tries to drownit is a better citizen than the manwho feeds his grouch on water andtakes it home to his family.RHEUMATISM PAINS STOPPED.The first application of Sloan's Liniment goes right to the painful partit penetrates without rubbing itstops the Rheumatic Pains aroundthe joints and gives relief and comfort. Don't suffer! Get a bottle today! It is a family medicine for allpains, hurts, bruises, cuts, sorethroat, neuralgia and chest pains.Prevents infection. Mr. Chas. H.Wentworth, California, writes: Itdid wonders for my Rheufatism, painis gone as soon as I apply it. I recommend it to my friends as the bestLiniment I ever used." Guaranteed.25c at your Druggist.(adv-sept.)There was a time when a Motherwouldn't think of letting her Daughter associate with a woman, whopainted her face. We said therewas a time.An ultra-decollette gown is a dressthat make a short man wish he hada step-ladder.STOP THAT FIRST FALL COUGH.Check your fall cough or cold atonce don't wait it may lead to serious lung trouble, weaken your vitality and develop a chronic lung ailment. Get a bottle of Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honeyto-day; it is pure andharmless use it freely for that fallcough or cold. If the Baby or Children are sick give it to them, it willrelieve them quickly and permanently. It sooths the irritated throat,lungs and air passages. LoosensPhlegm, is antiseptic and fortifies thesystem against colds. It surely prevents cold germs from getting a hold.Guaranteed. Only 25c at your Druggist. (adv-sept.)Some of the girls have mighty poorexcuses for affecting the corsetlessfad.If Castor Oil was the only antidotethere wouldn't be so many peoplebitten by snakes.DIARRHOEA QUICKLY CURED"My attention was first called toChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy as much as twelveyears ago. At that time I was seriously ill with summer complaint.One dose of this remedy checked thetrouble," writes Mrs. C. W. Florence,Rockfield, Ind. For sale by all dealers. (adv-sept.)Some men do as they please.But a married man has the choiceof either letting his wife do as shepleases or having a battle royal everyday in the year.CHAMBERLAIN'S LINIMENT.If you are ever troubled with achespains or soreness of the muscles, youwill appreciate the -rood qualities ofChamberlain's Liniment. Many sufferers from rheumatism and sciaticahave used it with the best results.It is especially valuable for lumbagoand lame back. For sale by all dealers. (adv-sept.)The poor man has it all over therich man. He can stay at home atnight and read all the automobil advertisements and know that lie isn'tpaying $25 per month for garagerent and $50 per month for gas andrepairs.CHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC CHOLERA AND DIARRHOEA REMEDY"I advised the 'boys' when they enlisted for the Spanish war to takeChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy witn them, and havereceived thanks for the advice given," writes J. H. Houghland, Eldon,Iowa. "No person, whether travelingor at home should be without thisrreat remedv " For sale by all deal-pr i ' l(adv-sept.),,i. - 1 tTONIGHT! CLEANELS AND STOPrMrs. Belle Hawkins Uses' Mayr Remedy "Never Felt Better InMy Life."Mrs. Belle Hawkins, Eminence Ky.,was a victim of stomach disorders.She took a great deal of treatmentand medical attention.At last she tried Mayr's WonderfulSitomach Remedy and got real results.In a letter telling of her experienceshe said: x"I have taken all of the medicine Iordered of you and will say it hasdone more good than all the doctorsand medicine I ever tried. I don't really think I need any medicine now,as I think I am well. I never feltbetter in my life. If I ever shouldneed any medicine I know where toget it.". That is a typical letter, taken asone among the thousands from theusers of Mayr's Wonderful StomachBell Telephone3 HOW ACCOUNTS ARE HANDLEDThe rules and methods we haveadopted for handling the accountsof our subscribers are based uponsound business reasoning. Theyhave been carefully worked outafter long years of experience.They are designed not to work ahardship upon either the telephonesubscriber or the telephone company, and are in effect whereverwe do business. "We handle thousands of accounts every month andthere is never a difference whichwe are not glad to adjust in a courteous manner. The public has access to every official of the company and our desire is that ourdealings with the public shall beharmonious, pleasant and satisfactory. In handling such a large numberof accounts, errors are likely to occur. These we willingly correctwhen our attention is called tothem. "We insist upon prompt settlement for purely business reasons. ."We deal with so many peo-CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYINCORPORATEDrwwo49fammoth CaveTICKETS WILL BE SOLD FOH REGULAR MORNINGTRAINSSeptember 29th. iSpecial Low Rate For Selectand Return onRound TripiLOW RATES AT THE CA WE Board at the Cave Hote .from arrival for supper until after breakfast, morning ofthe third day, including the two trips in the cave, lightsand guide fees for $6. 50.An All-Expense Three-Days Tour For$12.15 From Paris.PHONE.OR SEE L. & N. AGENTNew Music Studio in ParisMR. HARLOWE FENN DEANBasso-Cantante, Soloist Director;Teacher of Voice.WFil Open Studio in Paris September 10th.Studio:. Mrs. C. D. Webb's Residence,315 Pleasant Street.Mr Dean is teacher of voice in theArts Club, Lexington. Director ofMay Festival and Choral Club, Lexington. For information, address,MISS ANNA CHANDLER GOFF,Director and Business Manager of theArt Club, Lexington, Kentucky.(28-4t-F)Remedy. The first dose prove irlong treatment.Mayr's Monderful Stomach RwijTclears the digestive tract of miaccretions and removes poismatter. It brings swuit relief to mi If a'ers from ailments of the stomaafc,liver and bowels. Many declare it hamsaved them from dangerous operations and many are sure that it hamsaved their lives.Because of the remarkable sucmmtof this remedy there are many InrJTitors, so be cautious. Be sure WmMAYER'S. Go to G. S. Varden & Warn,drug store and ask about the woada-ful results it has been accomplismiac '"or send to Geo. H. Mayr, Mfg. Chemist, 154-156 Whiting St., Chicago, TH.for free book on stomach ailminriwand many grateful letters from peoffcrwho have been restored. Any draggist can tell you its wonderful effect.(adv-Nq 2)Bulletins- &pie in so many walks of life thatprompt collections are essential.We cannot discriminate betweensubscribers. If our accounts ar-sallowed to remain uncollectecLiiidefinitely our loss is greater anctthe annoyance to the subscriber imincreased."We believe that any iusinesman will approve our collectingand accounting methods when heunderstands them. "We do not actin an arbitrary manner and our "constant desire is to show thaproper consideration for ererjrsubscriber and to indicate our ap- vpreciation of the patronage witkwhich we are favored."Whatever errors occur" in tela-.phone bills are not intentional. iWdo not want any money exceptthat which we have earned by rendering its equivalent in service."We are sure none of our subscribers wish to receive service without paying for it.and Private Parties To GoRegular Trains.Fare $5.65. fONER0Pf lOUtBON POULTKY OIKdown a chick's throat curegapes, A few drop la tfedrinking water cure aaAprevents cholera, dhuiboftaand other chick diseases. OmmWc bottle makes IS raUewtfHiediciBC At all armutfhtSample as4 booklet ejtBIeases of Fowls" seat TWPLtt? rrt-ah .'-fL""lfWfiJ:'.-.' i. , ?-. W . 1W I'X'"THE BOURBON flEWS PARIS, KY., SEPTEMBER. 18, 1914Mtm3m1i;y"J1;wifhKKENS OF MILLERSBURGElder G. O. Cossafooom was inXexiaston on business Tuesday.Mayor W. D. Wadell left Tuesday, for a business trip to Cincinnati. Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Butler leftTuesday for a visiv; to relatives atAugusta.Quite a number from here are attending the State Fair at Louisvillethis :week.Mr. Rufus Butler returned Tuesday,, after a two-weeks' sojourning atSwango . Springs.Mr. T. A. Vimont, of Paris, arrived Tuesday as the guest of Mr.Claude Vimont,."vlr. A. S. Tenable, Jr., returnedto his duties in college at Clarksville, Tenn., Monday.Miss Mary McDaniel, of Cynthiana Graded School, was at home fromFriday until Monday.Mrs. Adrian Chanslor has returned after a two-weeks' visit to relatives in Mason County.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Burroughsreturned Tuesday after a ten-days'sojourn at Crab Orchard Springs.Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Redmon andlittle daughter, Charlotte, returnedTuesday, after a month's sojourn mMichigan.Mr. A. S. Best left Monday for avisit to his brother, Rev. ReynoldsBest, at Birmingham, Ala. Rev. Bestis Qiite ill.Mrs. Elizabeth Jefferson, of Lexington, arrived "Wednesday as theguest of her aunt, Mrs. M. J. Caldwell and family.Miss Mary Armstrong, of Indianapolis, Ind., and aunt, Mrs. SueMyers, of Lexington, arrived Tuesdayas guests of Mrs. F. A. Herbert.-Master Thos. Garden returnedto his home at Birmingham, Ala.,Monday, after spending the summer-with Rev. and Mrs. A. S. Venable.Mrs. A. S. Best and little daughter, Sarah Miller, left Sunday for avisit to her parents, Dr. and Mrs.Alex Hunter, at Washington, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Letton, whohave been the guest of their mother,Mrs. Jennie Letton, and family, forseveral weeks, left Wednesday fortheir home at Atlanta, Ga,Mr. James Owens, of Kansas,who has been spending the summerwith his aunt, Mrs. Lou Letton, leftWednesday to resume his studies atthe Louisville Dental College.Mr. R. B. McWhorters while trying to adjust a belt on the grind stoneat the blacksmith shop of Taylor &3awling, accidentally smashed several fingers, which has disabled himfrom work.Mrs. Mary Nell and daughter,Mrs. Julius Mitchell, arrived homeTuesday, after spending the summerwith relatives at Somerset andFrankfort. It will be rememberedthat Mrs. Mitchell was Miss EstherK. Nell.to hear from her in a few days.Miss Edna Mitchell resignedher position as day operator for theCumberland Telephone CompanyTuesday. She is succeeded by heraunt, Miss Nora Foster, who hasheld the position as night operatorfor the same company. Miss Mitchell has been on the board for severalyears, an has given general satisfaction. Mrs. W. S. Sandidge and daughter, Miss Laura, and Mrs. D. B. Sandidge, of Morehead, Ky., arrived onTuesday as the guest of Mrs. M. E.Pruitt.Mr. John Shay, whose criticalillness has been noted in the papersfor several weeks, died at the homeof his mother, Mrs. Russell Mitchell,on South Main street, Wednesdaynight at 8 o'clock, after a lingeringilness of a complication of diseases,which finally resulted in aneurism ofthe heart. Mr. Shay was twenty-fiveyears of age, and for a number ofyears had been identified with- theBourbon Home Telephone Company,and later with the livery firm ofMclntyre & Baldwin. He was married about seven years ago to MissSarah MaMahan. He is survived byhis widow, one daughter, Nellie Clar;ine, and one son, James Shay, hismother, Mrs. Russell Mitchell, andone sister, Mrs. L. T. Vimont, thelatter of Newport. The funeral arrangements had not been completedbut the remains will be taken toParis for burial in the Catholic Cemetery.RELIGIOUS.The Wametfs MJssion,arjy Society of the Christian Church willmeet Tuesday afternoon in the churchparlors at 2:30 o'clock.Rev. O. R. Mangum will addressthe Monterey Sunday School nextSunday afternoon at 4 o'clock.Mrs. J. J. Dickey will give an entertainment next Sunday, September19, in the interest of the temperancemovement in Bourbon county, at theMonterey school house. There willbe singing and good recitations rendered by ladies and gentlemen fromthe Hutchison neighborhood.DEATHSSAPP.Thomas Henry Sapp, aged onemonth, the infant son of Mr. andMrs. John W. Sapp, of Paris, diedTuesday night, at the home of hisgrandmother, Mrs. H. A. Mitchell,near Ruddles Mills, after an illnessof only afew days. Mrs. Sapp wasvisiting her mother, Mrs. Mitchell,when the baby was taken ill. Theburial took place Wednesday afternoon in the Ruddles Mills Cemetery.THEATRGAL.GEORGETTE SAILOR, MODEL.Each season -Georgette brings onta new sailor model which immediately becomes the fashion. This yearthe Georgette sailor is soft of crownand curved of brim and has a whitecob pompon posed at front and rear.We have a most gorgeous line of saiiors on display.(ll-3t) CORNS WATSON BAIRD.HOME TELEPHONE NOTESThe Central Home Telephone andTelegraph Company have inaugurated a system of Operators' Meetingsover their entire system, which isproving of much benefit and help tothe operating departement.Messrs. B. Y. Chambers, of theLouisville office, J. J. Veatch, W. H.Cannon, Chas. B. Harris and MissClenie Lusby, of the Paris office, visited the Cynthiana office last nightand assisted in the Operators' Meet-I ing for the Cynthiana employes. Themeeting for to-night is arranged fori Maysville and Friday night at Windsor Hotel, Paris, where all of theParis operators and several visitorswill meet and discuss the work of theoperators from a practical standpoint with a view of bringing up theefficiency in this department.The Ben AM, Lexington.The Ben Ali will be closed forthe balance of this week, owing torepairs being made in the heatingapparatus, some few minor defectshaving been discovered. The housewill reopen next Monday, when RuthSt. Denis will appear for one night,to be followed Wednesday, Thursday,Friday and' Saturday, with dailymatinees, by one of the most beautiful pictures ever thrown on thescreen, "Home, Sweet Home." "TheQueen of the Movies" comes the 28thand 29th, with a matinee on the 29.Ruth St. Denis is spoken of inEurope as "The Danse Artiste."The title of dancer "alone seeminglybeing inadequate to express theunique originality and charm of herperformances. From the languageof the London Times "Miss St.Denis is a true artist, a real enchantress of grace," and to quote theI Paris Figaro "One feels her danceto be a creation of the movement,therefore one enjoys her as something quite extraordinary and uncommonly beautiful, and she holdsher audience spellbound by the mystic and decorative element that surrounds her." Ruth St. Denis willappera at the Ben Ali, Monday evening, September 21. (adv)iSthThe M. F. C. opened Thursdaywith a good enrollment, which compares favorably with previous" years.Many are yet to come in, some willnot arrive before Monday. MissWisham, instructor in voice, who has"been in Germany during the troubletimes, has not arrived. They hopeDELICACY OF FERN FRONDS.Not unlike the exquisite maidenhair fern which hides in the woodsare new aigrets of goura feathers.See the fall hat in the new stovepipe shape, the harsh lines of whichare softened by the feathery aigret.We have an elegant line.(ll-3t) CORNE WATSON BAIRD.ACCOMMODATING JUDGE.The September term of the Montgomery Circuit Court convened lastMonday and after empaneling andinstructing the juries, court was adjourned until Tuesday, September 22.As it was a busy time for the farmer in housing his tobacco JudgeYoung submitted the proposition ofpostponing for two weeks by takinga vote of the jurors, which carriedunanimously.SAVE YOUR COAL BILLS.When you get ready to lay in yourwinter coal we can save you money.Phones 336.(15-tf) J. H. BATTERTON.BANK CALL ISSUED BYCOMMISSIONER SMITH.EDWARD R. NASH., A letter received from Mrs.Alice L. Nash, of Fayetteville, Ark.,by her relatives here, announcesthe death at that place on Sept. 1, ofher husband, Edward R. Nash, formerly of this county. Mr. Nash hastwo sisters residing in, Lexington,Misses Cornelia and Julia Nash onRichmond pike. The funeral andburial took place at Fayetteville.Ed. Nash had a host of friends"' inboth Lexington and Paris. He was asoldier in Col. Price's 21st KentuckyInfantry, U. S. A., during the CivilWar and returned with hib regimentto Lexington at the end of the war.He' made his home next in Bourboncounty where he had a large circleof friends. He was a brother of thelate R. T. Nash, who died some yearsago.CASSIDY.Mrs. Laura Cassidy, aged 67years, the widow of the late J. T.Cassidy, formerly of Bourbon County,and mother Mayor J. Ernest Cassidy,of Lexington, died in that city Tuesday afternoon, following an attack ofheart trouble while shopping with herdaughter, Mrs. W. R. Demoss, of Lexington. Mrs. Cassidy had apparently beenin excellent health, and while shopping with her daughter, Mrs. Demoss,was suddenly stricken, and was takento the home of her son, Mr. Sam.uel Cassidy. She expired on the waybefore the physician who had beensummoned, eould reach her.Mrs. Cassidy is survived by threesons, Mayor J. Ernest Cassidy, Samuel Cassidy and H. K. Cassidy, all ofFayette county, and two daughters,Mrs. Bryant White, of Indianapolis,Ind., and Mrs. W. F. Demoss, ofRolla, Miss., who had just arrivedthe day before' for a visit to hermother.Mayor Cassidy, who had just leftfor a trip to Daytona, Fla., was intercepted by a telegram telling him ofhis mother's death and returned onthe next train.Mr. and Mrs. Cassidy and familywere for a long time residents ofShawhan, this county, afterward removing to Paris, where they residedfor several years. From here theyremoved to Lexington. Mr. Cassidydied in Lexington, in December, 1912.The body was taken to Flemingsburg, yesterday morning for burial.Funeral services were held at thegrave.1TRM01LCounty Clerk Pearce Paton issued a marriage license Wednesday toMr. Gilbert Martin and Miss HettieD. Ritchie, both of this county.STOKELY MAYNESMr. George Stokely, of Lexington, and Miss Anna Maynes, of NorthMiddletown, were married in theCounty Clerk's office at the CourtHouse last night, Rev. W. E. Ellis,of the Christian Church, performingthe ceremony. Immediately after theceremony, Mr. and Mrs. Stokely leftfor Lexington, where they will resideat 202 College Hill.FALL MILLINERY OPENING.A call for a report- on the conditionof State banks as of the close ofbusiness September 12 was issuedTuesday by State Banking Commis-.sioner Thomas J. Smith. 'REFRIGERATORS REDUCED.Read these prices Refrigerator,$35.00 kind, now $25.00, while theylast. The New Iceberg and theOdorless.(7-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.TiMJfliatest iLclTsSiE)mIfMI 91 HSgg&lB 1 iMrs. Come Watson Baird willhave her opening of fall millineryto-day (Friday), and invites the attendance of all the women .of thisand adjoining counties who knowhow to appreciate artistic up-to-datemillinery. Mrs. Baird and assistants have been busy for the past fewdays getting ready for this opening,which she intends to make a recordbreaker in every respect. Particularattention has been paid in selectingfall designs in millinery to the needsof the women of our day and in pointof excellence and quality her creations have never been surpassed.Be there and see something pleasing to the eye and to all the demandsof good taste.(15-2t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.LOOK! LOOK!Think of it 58.00 and $8.50 greeo.and brown Porch Chairs, at $4.50while they last. '(7-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.-Hear Clinton IN.Howard, "The LittleGiant," at the CourtHouse Sunday at 2p. m.4h1 The Jewel Stove !ExpertDemonstratorSCHOOL OPENING DELAYED.On account of the failure of thecontractors to complete the additional room which had been orderedbuilt, the county school at Clay'sCross Roads was not opened untillast Monday, a week after the regular time. The fall term has nowopened with an enrollment of seventy-fivepupils, and with Misses SusieClay and Anna Burns as teachers.will be at our store on theJ dates given below to give a iSpecial Demonstration andExhibit that will Show howto obtain the best results inCooking and Baking, and toDemonstrate the use andCare of Stoves JTUESDAY & WEDNESDAYX SEPTEMBER 22-23 JTwo Exihbits Daily, Morn-J ing and Afternoon Don'tmiss this big special event.Interesting, Instructive, andFree to all A Souvenir toEevery Lady that Attends.I SPICER&GiLClST !ELKS' BUILDING.LAST EXAMINATION.The last examination of the yearfor white teachers desiring" Countyand State certificates will be heldthis afternoon and to-morrow at theoffice of Miss Mabel Robbins, CountySuperintendent of Schools.The County Board of Educationwill also hold an important meetingat the office of Miss Robbins tomorrow morning at ten o'clock.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101Gas Mantles ji and , !I Gas Globes, iSUCCESSORS TO DR. MATTHEWSWe beg to advise you that we havetaken over from Dr. Clara B. Matthews.her entire stock of optical prescriptions. This places us in a position to replace your broken lenses to the correct STRENGTH, SHAPE andCURVE.Our prices you will find to be aslow as the lowest and our work thatfurnished by the best house of itskind in the country!We most earnestly solicit yourbusiness for replacing your brokenlenses or furnishing new lenses asper the precscription for your glasseswhich we now hold.We guarantee you prompt andefficient work, and best of all, quickservice from the factory.Thanking you in advance for anyfavors shown us in this line, we begto remain,Very truly yours,SHIRE & FITHIAN.9mmm99IGood quality inverted GasMantles10c.100 Candle Power Upright Gas Mantles10cStrongest Mantle MadeUpright Gas Globes10cInverted Gas Globes10cGasoline RagJMantles15cLet us supply your needs; Peoples PharmacyPARIS; KY.Doyle Building 8th and Main.S "Watch Our Windows." 2$Embracing All the Newest Leathers and theVery Latest StylesOur big purchases of Shoes for this season from the leading shoemanufacturers of this country before the present European War, whichcaused a big advance in leather, will enable us to offer to our customersthe best made Shoes for men, women and childrenAt Prices Lower Than Ever!Ladies' Mat Top, Patent Kid or PlatinumCalf, Louis Heel, long or medium vamps,of the best quality and latest styles,at $3.49 and $2.99Ladies' Cloth Top Patent Kid or GunMetal, French heel, silk lining, benchmade, at $3.4-9 and 2.99Ladies' Kid Shoes, medium or low heel,easy, noiseless Restshu, most comfortable, at 2.99Ladies' Gun Metal or Patent Kid, buttonor lace, Cuban heel, custom made, at 349Ladies' Gun Metal and Patent Leather,Cuban and low heel, good quality,at $1.99 and 1.49Ladies' Pumps and Oxfords in all styles at onehalf the original value.Men's Russ. or Platinum Calf Bal., English Last, of the famous Walk-Overmake, a better quality and style thanthe highest priced shoes of any othermake, at $5.00 and $4.50Men's Russ. or Platinum Calf, WalkOver and Beacon makes, all styles andshapes, at $4.00 and 3.50Men's Tan or Gun Metal, bench made,all lasts, good quality, at c... 2.99Men's Gun Metal, button and lace,at $ 1 .99 and 1 .49Men's Heavy and Men's heavy and MediumWeight Shoes, best flexible soles at lowest prices.Men's Oxfords in all leathers and styles at Tnehalf the original price.Boy's Shoes in all leathers and styles, best makes, $2.49, $ 1 .99 and $ 1 .49.Misscs'and Children's Best Grade Shoes at your own price.Ladies' Pumps and Oxfords, broken sizes, 2 1 -2 to 3 1 -2, at 25 and SO cents,for Saturday only.3D J 3SF COHENGreatest Shoe StoreTffE "PPUDENT MAN'BEGAN EXRLYTOBANK HfS AfONEY-NOW NE ENJOYS fK&&- TTITtLero Beauty and E3ocxxc'io.y' Reign I mA New York theatrical man with an income of $25,000a year went 'to Wall Street with $20,000 and trippled it.Hi head was turned in a few months theatres closed income ceased and Wall Street had finished his spare change.The EXTRAVAGANGE his family had been used to soondrove him to the extremity of mortgaging property and sacrificingpet securities. Today he is BROKE.' ' Make OUR bank YOUR bank,We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPITAL $150,000.00.SURPLUS 20,000.00.STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY. . . . 150,000.00ProtectioR to Depositors . ... .1 . . . . $380,000.00Kj ; E: BEDFORD, Prttifeftt. TC. Ki THOMAS, CaMfv.t JA.