:. t.&3r' .- ' - . 2ffio3Sw,?s?i1i.:. .--'. . TETSX.?..: j. -" v Hrs-i' ?swslk.3Pj "TSti2-:" -tffiPif7-v-t., A . fi11 fMV r?t -m X &m '''VL. -. Ji"i -Mr. -SirH tFs- tf ? ? , J '- . L -a?"WML"" ""v,t. --. -JV.rjc-i- XJBLISIDEVERT TUESDAY 'A3Q PmiDAT IN. JPHE YEAX''A'volume;.,xxxiiPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER- 22, 1914.-r.papa ; ' MM fiwiKm m k i , -M - B.B' b. -b 'i MV Ml II II.T.Jr. -'i ,lv. ? r - ?; . MkflKr vMbbV 'bJ?mamm an vb - s i mmMMW Br 'hf.. . WB-HBBBrkTHE TABERNACLE MEETING.Religious -Movement Launched LastWeek Gives Promise of BeingRecord-Breaker.t las teen a long time since a religios movement in this city and counf -ias attracted so much attentionj! -o short a space of time as hast revival services, inaugurated here;e a spacially designed and constructed tabernacle by the Rev. MordecaiKamui and his corps of assitants.Key. Mr. Hamm, who is a noted re.valst and has conducted numeroussuccessful meetings all over the country, 2ame to Paris practically unIcnon, save for what was known inan indirect way of ltfs work along reLdojs lines.The immense tabernacle on Seventh Street, in the rear of the resiktnee of Mrs. Russell Mann, was builtentirely by volunteer labor under thepersonal supervision, of Mr. Baumartel one of Mr. Hamm's aides, andT estimated to have a seating capacity cf four thousand. The building 5well iluminated and ventilated andys accoustic-properties all that couldle desired.Rev. Hamm's "style" seems to onepjllarly his own, but one that carrAs a conviction .of the greatearnestness of the man behind it.Y -as a well-modulated, voice of greatcarrying power, and can te distinctlyLeard all over the auditorium." Tii p. niehtlv services have beenv 11 attended from the initial meet; ;,, and the crowds seem to increasejTsnlly, until last night the big building was filled to its utmost. Theycame on foot and in all manner ofconveyances, and seemed to be gladthat they were there.The choir, made up of three hundred trained voices, culled from the"best available musical talent of allthe denominational churches of thecitv and county, under the personaldirection of Mr. Ramsey, the chorister of the organization, is a splendidmusical body, and filled the big auditorium with a large volume of vocalmusic. ,On Thursday night of this week Mr.Hamm will deliver another "plaintalk" to the men only at the Tabernacle. At the big meeting SundayAfternoon the -question was put to the.audience by Rev. Hamm, .and by apractically unanimous vote it was decided to have the evangelist deliverthe second "plain talk" series onThursday night.ODD FELLOWS' DAY ATCOLUMBIA THEATRE.THREE-STORY BUILDING -IN RJCHMOND COLLAPSES.The large building in 'Richmond,known as the Masonic Temple, collapsed Saturday morning abaut 8:30o'clock. The 'building -was " a threestory one. The lower floors were occupied by the R. C. H. CovingtonCompany, clothing and men's furnishings, while the second floor wasused for the fraternity and a dancehall, while the lodge rooms were located on the third :floor. It is notknown What. r.RIIRPrJ tho rnNincr fthe buildintr. as it was rp.mndp.1prl nnrimodernized about five years ago. Itwas located on Main street on themost frequented corner of, the city,and it seems almost a miracle thatnone" of the employes were hurt, asthe building is now a wreck.The crash caused much excitement and, was heard several blocksaway. The building was valued atabout $15,000 and owned by the Masonic order. The damage to it willpossibly be from 8,000 to $10,000.The Coyington Company carried astock valued at 25,000, all of whichis more or less damaged. The clothing company leased the large roomsin the new Clay building and beganmoving its stock, while the owners ofthe building set about to repair it.DEATHSASSASSINATEDBY"BOOTLEGGERS.Robert T. Thurman, a policeman ofGlasgow, was murdered between 12and 1 o'clock Saturday morning onWest Main Street, and one-half blockfrom the Court Square.More than one year ago "bootlegging" became so open in Glasgowthat something- had to be done. Accordingly, the City Council of Glasgow, headed by the Mayor, met andemployed Mr. Thurman, with the understanding that he would try to arrest every violator of the law. Hewas a stranger there, and thereforecould have no favorites, and within afew weeks he had arrested and convicted twenty-five persons.This, of course, made him- manyenemies, and the threats were frequently heard that they would killhim. Interested persons offered himlarge sums of money to leave, butthese he refused and stayed at hispost of duty.NEGRO KILLED BY TRAIN.Tuesday, Oct. 6, will be Odd Fellows' Day in Bourbon.On the above date there will be displayed at the Columbia Theatre 1,000feet of film, showing main buildingtmd -grounds of the Odd Fellows' Widows and Orphans Home, located atLexington. AH" the J25 children areseen; bovs at work in garden andTarm; children at play and at school;In fact the -entire Home in. motionfnr 9.J. 1-irr.irs.Every cent above the expenses ofshowing the films goes toward putting in an industrial plant at theHome, so as to more completely fitthe boys and girls for the battle oflife when they leave the Home.Every Odd Fellow in Bourbonshould get their shoulders to thewheel and make this banner Odd Fellows Day in Kentucky for this year.For further particulars see JudgeID. B. January.Tickets on sale in next few days.(Advertisement.)RESUMES OLD SCHEDULE.Beginning Sunday morning at7-15 o'clock, the city car will resumethe old schedule. The car will starton the North side of the Court House,on Bank Row, and will run to tne intersection of the Hume & Bedfordand Bethlehem pikes, at- McGinnisstore. The same fare, 5 cents, willcontinue in effect. The above schedtde will not be maintained on theregular interurban cars, the five centfare applying to points only in theity limits, which .end at the Clintonville pike, on the through-to-Lex-ingtoncars.For the past several months tnecity car has run only to the Clintonville pike and 'back to the interurhan station on High Street. This arMTKTomont Tvrnved auite an inconvenience to the people in South Paris,owing to the fact that the originalschedule of the city car made thestarting point from the rear of theCourt House and out to the Bethlehem pike on the five cent fare, andthe people had become so accustomedto this arrangement that many homesere built in the suburbs on thestrength of the five cent car fare.The return to the old schedule wasmade possible after a conference inParis Friday between City Attorney W. H. Whitley and Mr. J. p.Sallee, of Lexington, General FreightAgent and Superintendent of othercities for the Bluegrass TractionCompany.LOCAL HORSE WINS. .Will Moore, colored, employed as asection hand on the L. & N. railroad,was run over and killednear GerdraStation, on the Winchester branchearly-Friday morning.Moore came to Paris early- Thursday evening on a hand car, and wastoki b his foreman, who accompanied him, to be sure to return to Escondida by 9:30 that night.Nothing was heard of him untilearly Fridays morning when a tracwalker found his mangled remainsscattered along the track near Gerdra Station.Coroner Davis was notified, andhad the remains brought to the undertaking establishment of Geo. W. Davis, where they are being held whileinquiry is being made as to his relatives, who are said to live in Louisville.REFLECT BEFORE YOU VOTE.(Advertisement.)GLENN.A message was received' hereSaturday morning announcing thedeath of Mrs. Nannie Tribble Glenn,which occurred in Fulton, Mo., Fridaynight. Mrs. Glenn was a sister ofMr. Lon M. Tribble, of this city, whowas summoned to her bedside lastSunday, and remained with her until thfi end fntriA Mrs fHonn woe anative of Carlisle, where she residedbefore her ,marriage. She was adaughter of Mrs. Martha Tribble, of'Carlisle.Mrs.Glenn is survived by her husband. Mr. W. ,E. Glenn, and a four-;year-old son. Also by her mother,, onesister, Mrs. Oscar Hamm, of Carlisle, jand two brothers, Mr. Jos. Tribble. !and Mr. Lon M. Tribble, of Paris.She has been in declining-health . fortwo years, and had spent one winterin New Mexico, and one in Texas, ina vain search for health., The burial will take place in Fulton. (FOOTE.After an illness of severalmonths, following years of sufferingfrom Bright's disease, Mr. Charles W.Foote, one of the best-known citizensof this city, died at his home onStoner Avenue, Saturday afternoon atfour o'clock. xMr. Foote -had been in declininghealth for a number of years, but hadalways been able to be up and attending to the duties 'of his boat landingand poultry interests, which took upan ot ms time. ie was a nome loverin every sense of the word, and hadfor somt time led a rather secludedlife in the quiet of 'his home. He wasan ardent sportsman, and being of ajovial disposition was one of the mostcompanionable of men.Mr. Foote was an accomplished violinist, and in his younger -days wasthe leader of an orchestra composedof the best musical talent in this city.Their services were in constant demand, especially at the old-time dances, and there's many a sad heart inParis to-day among those who remember the 'pleasure they experienced indancing the hours away to the witching Strains of Mr. Foote's violin.There are others who did not knowhim in this capacity but who remember with pleasure the jolly fishingtrips in which Mr. Foote was the lifeof the party. He always had a fundof good stories, and his hearty laughwas. infectious.. He was quite unassuming, but a good friend and a loverof Nature, and whatever faults he hadthese virtues are sufficient to offsetthem.Mr. Foote was 69 years old lastMay. He is survived by, his wife,Mrs. Laura Foote, one daughter, MissEttavieve Foote. of Paris, one son,Mr. Elmer Footed of" Lexington, and;two step-sons, Mr. Willard Hutchinson and Mr. Ewd. Hutchinson, both ofLexington.The funeral took place from thefamily residence on Stoner Avenue,yesterday afternoon, at three o'clock.Elder W. E. Ellis, of the ChristianChurch, conducted the services, andthe burial followed in the Paris cemetery. The following friends andneighbors were pall-bearers: W. M.Goodloe, Harry Kerslake, F. P. Lowry, Dr. M. H. Dailey, Strother Paynter and E. B. Hedges.rI Mitchell & Blakemorc'sBRAND NEW-wSaARE NOW ON DISPLAY.- K.Our line of Men's and Boys' Shoes is larger and you Nhave more different styles to select from than have ever,been shown before Patent Leather in lace and button,Gun Metal. Willow Calf, Tans and Vici Kid. The swagger shoe for the young fellow; flat heel, invisible eyelets, .long tapering toe, the Johnny Bull toe the kind that thecity chaps are wearing.Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes for men tnat some-itytimes have sore feet are just the thing to cure'them.Witch Elk-' Water Proof Hunting Shoes can't be'vSee Oar Windows!See the Styles!AND BUY YOUR SHOES FROMAIMitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's StylesParis, Kentucky- -PMS--.FRANK &s-l-BAPJS, KY., Sept. 21.Editof Bourhon. News:While in Lexington, Sunday, I metan old friend, who is a pronouncedProhibitionist and .he asked me whatwas Bourbon going to do in the election on the 28th. I told him thatfrom -the present outlook it seemed tome that she was going to vote to keepRrmrhnn County money at home. Ifurther told him that it was a welltnnwn fart that the merchants ofXiexington were trying to secure theentire trade of all the surroundingtowns, and in fact had already secured the cream of the trade of Paris,Georgetown, Nicholasville, Versaillesand the intermediate territory between these towns.I told him that it was well knownthat the merchants pf Lexingtonwere furnishing financial assistanceto the "dry" leaders in Paris in aneffort to vote Paris dry, and his ansswer was: "Well, that's business."Ac vm cnid. it certainly is business.But it is also "business," and businessof far more importance, that BourbonnTitv mnnrfv should be spent athome. The business man who votesv"dry" has no excuse in the world torcomplaining about hard times if hehimself votes to make itiso .OLD BOURBON.UMONIALMARTIN RITCHIE... Miss Hettie D. Ritchie and Mr.Gilbert Martin, both of this county,were married at the residence of thebride's father, Mr. Henry S. Ritchie,near Hutchison, by Rev. J. J. Dickey.MIDDLETON BEEKER.Mr. Jesse R. Middleton and MissKatherine Beeker came to Paris fromFayette County, Saturday, secured amarriage license from County- ClerkPearce Paton, and were married byJudge C. A. McMillan.BIRTHSBOARD OF EDUCATION.-Born, on last Friday morning, tothVwife of Mr. Edward Peele, ofTucson, Arizona, formerly Miss JosieGardner, of Paris, a daughter. TheHftto rmo lino hppTi p.hrist.finRd Elea-nor Jane, in honor of Mrs. Peele'sfoster-mother, Mrs. Ella S. Isgrigg,and Miss Janie Marsh, both of Pans.Sheriff Will Talbott was a visitor-atthe State Fair in Louisville, Tuesday,-where he saw his splendid, mare,Nancy Baldwin, win her race. NancyBaldwin is showing exceptionalsnP.Pd this vear. She is by EgyptianBarcn, dam by Nutbreaker.Mr. Douglas Thomas won anothertrotting race at Louisville, Thursday,and was third in another. The racewon by Mr. Thomas was a 500 purseth King Todd, and was third withNancy McGregor iji the 1,000 stake.The heats were trotted around 2:loEVERY LOAD GUARANTEED.We garate mm load "ofsoaiThe County Board of Education metin the office of Miss Robbins, CountySchool Superintendent, Saturdaymorning and let the contract for theerection of an addition' to the coloredsclioolhouse at Little Rock, to-be usedas a training school department, thisschool having received $500 from afund left by a wealthy white 'Southernwoman, Mrs. Jeannes, for the establishment of this Tvork in variousSouthern States. . 'James Ayers was appointed by theBoard to fill a vacancy in the primarydepartment of the schoo at NorthMiddletown.BANKER JOE HEAD INDICTED.10 PoundsPURELARD$1.30Now ShowingNEWFALL STYLESIn All Lines.:-v -- -tt- Af-99vote Saturday. If youury" oe sureWEDNESDAY ANDTHURSDAY ONLY.are66The Ashland grand jury Saturdayafternoon' returned seventeen, indictments against JoeS. Head, Jr.,, cashier of the Citizens' Pank and TrusteSmpany,vwhich recently closed onordeof he State banking officials.Oae -indictment charges - perjury,ri. -J?-fiMt TTMA'-jnade ialse.fJSST UhfcdlMM embeiilerW-f -ZZLm. -iVI j land vote Monday.DEAlLEE SAYS "PROHIBITION A MENACE."'Ttean Baker P. Lee. former pastornf nhrist Church in Lexington, andone of the most -popular ministers inKentucky, durine his residence here,but who is now located in California,in 2 lengthy article in the .SundayTiAYinsrton naners. savs. in part:iPrnhihition is a menace to thecivil and religious liberty of the,American people. It is un-American,IntAmnprate. nnn-scriotuarl and un-jChristian. v If this statement can beproven, then every, honest-mindedvoterdn the State of California shouldrally around the polls at the comingnianfinn' in "NTiwom'hp.r- and bv an aval?indh 6fV ballots, so, overwhelminglydefeat this' wolf an inMKff . wouuu riiO ADVANCEIn Prices.SEE OURTrimmed Hatsj&Nothing- Over ,$5.00.ui to ifteotfiallyV pan im&r a4tie bleathag;oi iaia wui: : ' ' ttI A A ' 'I DAI niillll DDflC !!! 'I UnLUlllli UIIUU.i -- . ' "X - X n .i x t - ' - x i I . w(f"X' Mi! -j- Vx m z w . ' -X u X.!.--. m; . .I.-.. - i-m-. . mmmmmmt -. .-x 4 1 ' a r. - . -.! u, v -k " . . r . jT " fc a "iTi i jm ' - 'gf'fc'- I mJ: - - - m m a a g - - - -- - - .PRANK &The Store Wbere RhMtty popHk-' mmlx WWfAwcoo-jw-J SikkAMS Vi. .MNIHHMw mileH fStftlft(r-,'i. '.V!.-aaffji !r.C -,,-, Jr45.,nmont TM UHU " .4iWrWWWWXVWKWWWWV 1 ' laHBHBHWWWWVrrvv-VWTWWirV- ' - r . h - J -r m. - - z -y -rv595QS!SBK!.ItirHiSi15oar5" h "nml&' z6i ai$ivONES IN THE FACEMake Women Look Oldand they show the effect of unnatural Bufferings of Headaches, baclcackes, dizziness, hot flashes, pains in lower limbs, pains in groins,beuing'down sensations.These symptoms indicate that Nature needs help. Overwork, wrong dressjsg, lack of exercise, and other causes have been too much tor nature andotside aid must be called upon to restore health and strength.Dr. Pierce's Favorite PrescriptionThe Vegetable Remedy for Woman's Ills that relieves nervous exhaustionand irritability and removes other distressing symptoms due to disturbed conditions of the delicate feminine organism.Tot over forty years it has been used with more than satisfaction bythe young, middle-aged and the elderly by wives, mothers and daughters. Xouwill find it of great benefit Sold by Medicine Dealers in liquid or tablet form, oreod Dr. Y.M. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y., 50 one-cent stamps for trial box by mail.DR. FIEXCE'S PIASAMT PBIXETS Relieve coastlpatton, re&Mlate tke liver, and bowels. Easy to take as candy.KGET THEIT WILLBeing unable to see all my friends and customers, I take thismethod of communication. As a direct result of the Europeanconflict, nearly all the staple food stuffs have made sensationaladvances during the past month. Flour, Meat, Lard, Sugar,Coffee, etc., have all advanced and will prohably go muchhigher.The terms which the dealers now get from packers and jobbers are becoming more stringent, to carry customers for thirtydays or longer and to allow for bad debts would make itnecessary to tie up a great deal of capital in the business, andas this advancement in prices has also caused a stringency inthe money market, it make it impossible to do business on theold basis. Owing to said conditions I have decided to put ourbusiness onStrictly Cash Basis, BeginningOctober 1 st.This is to protect myself an d customers. By selling for cashwe will be able to hold our prices down to the lowest possiblefigure, and urgently advise our customers to adopt this newsystem you can acquire THE HABIT, and be assured it willPAY YOU TO DO IT."We thank each and every one who has kindly patronized usin -the past and trust you will continue business with us underthe new system. ,TC. LENIHANCash Grocer. Both Phones 234t New DirectoryHome Telephone CompanyThe Paris Home Telephone and Telegraph Company are now.jfcompiling the data for their new Telephone Directory, which willcontain the largest list of subscribers and advertisers since the' rganization of the Company." The new Directory will go to press about October 1, and ifyou desire good telephone service at fair ratesyour name shouldappear in this book.Call Manager's office, 427. Do it now.Wk Paris fiowe telephone ana CekgrapD Co(Incorporated)-7 J. J. VEATCH, District Manager., SPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, sep. 27, isi4$.25RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINUavt GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.'Qtrfeldr wlierBB Ehesmatisra. SoreMua-CfM. Aear&leia.. BarkftrliA HaarinrtiA andi yaws. x our money back if it fails toHOTi anr ache in anv -nart nf thA fcnrivIftoeii'miaBtM time..rrt0. JLt All Druggists.Ptat aaaate m efeaaWr Mat a ndaMt.tMfiQIf JtMEDY COMPANY.WX VK BH 9C LwmMvMI KV jm1 'III 111!1M?mIHABIT!PAY!IV.CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.RoundTripExpert' CarriagePainter.Mr. Percy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, Tviio.has been omployed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast 8 yers, hasopened a shop at thecorner of Fouth and High Streets, andsolicits the patronage of those needing anything in his lint. - "Both. Piian. .Kfi2 ' -J-j.&z-ZJt:imTU UU WLLlJiP fri ma f aU Batoa.ihat1 11C JLyfLnUJUTUll 'ITCWalieT'lifcu iEstablished 1$81-32 YtartfCon." tinoudus Publication.,.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Pans, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of'revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKETFor SenatorJ. C. W. BECKHAM(Long .Term)JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term)For CongressJ. CAMPBELL CANTRILL.S3EARLY WAR NEWS.GERMANY PAVING WAY FORPARLEY.WASHINGTON, Sept. 18. Germanylias suggested informally that theUnited States should undertake toelicit from Great Britain, France andRussia a statement of the terms under which the allies would makepeace.The suggestion was made by tlieImperial Chancellor, Von Bethmann-Hollweg, to Ambassador Gerard atBerlin, as a result of an inquiry sentby the American Government tolearn whether Emperor William wasdesirous of discussing peace, asCount Von "Bernstorff, the- GermanAmbassador, and Oscar Straus recently had reported.No reply was made by EmperorWilliam himself nor did the ImperialChancellor indicate whether or not hespoke on behalf of his monarch. Ambassador Gerard cabled PresidentWilson the Chancellor's remarks fromrecollection, which was substantiallyas follows:"Germany was appreciative of theAmerican Government's interest andoffer of services in trying to makepeace. Germany did not want war,but had it forced on her. Even if shedefeats France, she must likewisevanish Great Britain and Russia, asall three have made an agreement not,to make peace except by common consent."Similarly, England has announcedthrough Premier Asquith and herdiplomatists and newspapers that sheintended to fight to the limit of herendurance. In view of that determination on the part of Great Britain,the United States ought to get proposals of peace from the allies."Germany could accept only a lasting peace, one that would make herpeople secure against future attacks.To accept mediation now would be interpreted by the allies as a sign ofweakness on the part of Germany andwould be misunderstood by the German people, who, having made greatsacrifices, had the right to demandguarantees of security."The above is all that AmbassadorGerard communicated as to his conversation. He added only the briefcomment that he, himself, thoughtthe way might possibly be opened tomediation.President Wilson referred to theChancellor's conversation' as noncommital and incidental to the acknowledgment of the American Government's inquiry. The President indicated that he rather expected a reply to the inquiry to be sent eventually from the Emperor himself,though he realized that the ImperialChancellor may have consulted hismonarch by telegraph before talkinginformally with the American Ambassador. President Wilson took no action asa result of the message, waiting tohear from Ambassador Gerard whether anything of a more formal character could be obtained by him whichthe United States might communicateto Great Britain, France and Russia.It was understood that neither theBritish or French Ambassadors, whoare in Washington, were informedofficiallay or unofficially by SecretaryBryan of the conversation betweenthe Imperial German Chancellor andAmbassador Gerard.WILSON SEES LITTLE HOPE FORPEACE..WASHINGTON, Sept. 18. President Wilson sees little prospect ofpeace in Europe reflected in the unofficial exchanges which AmericanAmbassadors have been conductingwith Germany, Great Britain, Franceand Russia.This was leared to-day at the WhiteHouse following a careful study ofthe message which Ambassador Gerard cabled giving his recollections ofan informal conversation with theImperial German Chancellor.Until something more tangible andmore definite in the way of overturescomes from the belligerants the President feels that his hands are virtually tied.PRESIDENT TELLS WOMEN HEWILL LOSE NO OPPORTUNITYTO TAKE PRACTICAL STEPSr TO END THE WAR. - '.WASHINGTON Sept. 18, Pjresi-dent Wilfon to-day reitd an- ap-? avmovement - te wta--itlieBurorwiwi war., " - v .!'t It was carried to the White" xHouseby Mrs. Rosika Schwimmer, of Hungary, Secretary of the InternationalWoman's Suffrage Alliance, who waspresented "by Senator Thomas.Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt accompanied Mrs. Schwimmer.The total of those for whom the appeal was made was not less than, 1,-000,000 women of thirteen countries."The President told me he wasthinking day and night about the possibility of peace in Europe," declaredMme. Schwimmer after her interviewwith Mr. Wilson. "He seemed to bedeeply interested in the movementand said that he would lose no opportunity of taking practical stepsto end the war."President Wilson was to-day requested by a delegation ' representing the General Conference ofFriends to initiate plans for the calling of a meeting of the nations forthe formation of a world parliamentfor settlement of the war.WILSON REFUSES TO RECEIVEPROTEST OF GERMAN- AMERICAN SOCIETY.WASHINGTON, Sept. 18. President Wilson to-day declined to receiveHorace L. Brand, of Chicago, whocome to present messages from several German-American organizationsprotesting against the charges ofatrocities made by the Belgian commission against the German armies.The President took the positionthat he had already refused to permit natives of other belligerent countries living in the United States todiscuss the war with him and thatthe messages of the German-Americanswere not of the same nature asthose brought by the Belgian commissioners. He planned to write aletter to Mr. Brand explaining thathis recent statement on neutralityaddressed to the American peopleshould apply equally to all living inAmerica.The President is understood to bedeeply disappointed over what hefeels is disregard of his neutralitystatement. He is determined tocheck, as far as possible, continuedefforts of natives of European countries living in America to take sideson the question. He does- not believesuch citizens should publicly takesides.KING GEORGE BELLIGERENT.LONDON, Sapt. 18. Parliamentwas proroged to-day until October 27.In his speech from the throne KingGeorge said that England is fightingfor a "worthy purpose and that England will not lay down their armsuntil its purpose has been fullyachieved.SHU? AND CREW SINK.LONDON, Sept. 18.-12:30 a. m.The Admirality announces that thetraining ship Fishgard II., formerlythe battle ship Erebus, founderedduring a gale in the English Channel,and that twenty-one members of hercrew were drowned.WILSON REPLIES TO PROTESTOF KAISER.WASHINGTON, Sept. 16. President Wilson to-day replied to themessage recently received from Emperor William protesting against thealleged use by the allied armies ofdum-dum bullets. He said that hehad read the communication with thegravest concern, but that it would beunwise and premature for the United States to express any final judgment in the controversy.The message was almost identicalwith the speech made by the President to the Belgian commission whichprotested against alleged Germanatrocities.A cablegram replying to the protest of President Poincare of France,who charged that the Germans wereusing dum-dum bullets was also prepared. It was not made public, but wasknown to follow closely the text ofthe President's message to EmperorWilliam.Every man knows that the stockings some other man's wife wearslook much better than the stockingshis own wife wears.Coldsshould be "nipped in thebud", for if allowed to rununchecked, serious resultsmay follow. Numerouscases of consumption, pneumonia, and other fatal diseases, can be traced back toI a cold. At the first sign of acold, protect yourself bythoroughly cleansing yoursystem with a few doses ofTHEDFORO'SBUCKDRAUGHT the old reliable, vegetableliver powder.Mr. Chas. A. Ragland, ocMadison Heights, Va., says:"I have Been using Thcdford's Black-Draught forstomach troubles, indigestion, and colds, and find it tobe the very best medicine Iever used. Jt makes an oldman feel like a young one."Insist on Thedford's, theoriginal and genuine. E-67KXSAny roof that will last 27is well worth lookinginto.That's the record'behindThere are thousands of houses all tver the country, many ofthem in this state, from the owners of which this statementcan be verified.4 For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, MHIersbprg, Kentucky.Bourbon LaundryDWiS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.BourbonParisemWeight? Yes. Wait? No."Now is the time to place your order for your Winter Coalat Summer prices.A FEW REASONS:1. We buy direct from the mines.2. We deliver direct from cars to your residence.3. We own our teams and can control deliveries.4. Our offiice is at the yard and we see that you get the coalyou order.5. We have no solicitors; you get his commission in the bet. ter quality of coal.6. Every customer is satisfied with our coal delivery and be. come a booster.7. We never substitute.8. Many of our customers were burning the wrong kind ofcoal until advised by us.9. One a customer, always a customer.10. FOX RIDGE COAL is the coal thatdoes the work.Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.Yiris, Sjuthi Miin St. ' Both Phones 140iSwShg WH'ti.l . '! lUfcGEO. W. DAVISFCNEBAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EIBALIELBOTH'PHONES DtAY 137; NIGHT 299.Pans Odorless Cleaning Co. 1Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andEeblockedito your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25cIIBLUE GRASS PARK!Bathing and Boating.Frce-DANCING -frreei - ;-Af tesnbqn and Evening.NMMlMiHHiMHMHi1,'' 3IHTvvxTvCTTTTfWyears and is still in good conditioniviWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Lanndrtfamous fo- fine work and itdever goes bck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom Is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee,Laundry,Kentucky.sHandsome R e s i -denceFor Sale.My residence on Mt. Airy la forsale. One of the most modem hwaesin Pari.. Erery conrentafrM. Proepectire buyers 'art inrited to iMmtthe bbildinf: ud mmlftec. "CC'C'i1 ' ')aBw&r.'Jk2.7'&:-.1Desirable City Residence,Building Lots and Personal Property.In the Matter 'of the Assigned Estate of George AlexanderW. O. Hinton, Assignee.Pursuant to an order of sale made in the above styled cause in theBourbon County Court, the undersigned Assignee, will, onTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1914,at the home place of said George Alexander, on the northeast corner ofPleasant and Eighth streets, in Paris, Ky., at about the hour of 10 o'clocka. m., upon the credits of six, twelve andi eighteen months, for equalparts of the purchase money, sell at public auction, free from home-steadand contingent dower rights, the property described in the order of salein the above styled cause, to-wit:"That tract of three (3) acres and twenty (20) poles of land lyingon the east side of Pleasant Street, and north side of Eighth Street.,in the Cityof Paris, Ky., it being the place known as the George Alexander Home Place, whereupon stands his residence.The said property will be sold in the following manner, to-wit:The rear premises will be divided into building lots' and the saidbuilding lots and the front lot whereon stands the residence and outbuildings will be offered separately to the highest and best bidder andthen the property will be offered as a whole to the highest and best bidder, and the Assignee will accept the bid or bids aggregating the mostmoney therefor, with the privilege of withdrawing the said home place orany part thereof altogether, if in his opinion, the whole or subdivisionsthereof should not bring what should be realized, therefor, with a viewof making a more advantageous sale.The divisions into which the property will be offered for sale will beindicated before the sale by stakes and lines on the premises for the inspection of purchasers. The purchaser or 'purchasers to execute bondpayable to the Assignee, bearing date of sale due in six, twelve and eighteen months, with interest thereonfrom date of sale at the rate of sixper cent, per annum until paid, with good surety to be approved by theAssigneeALSO PERSONAL PROPERTY.At the same time and place and beginning after -the sale of the realestate, the Assignee will, pursuant to an order of the Court, in the abovestyled cause, proceed to offer at public outcry all household and kitcheneffects and other personalty and continue such sale from day to day until completed. Among the articles of personal property to be sold at thesale are the following:Oak Bed Hoom Furniture,"Mahogany Bed Room Furniture,Mahogany Library Furniture,Mahogany Dining Table,Large Mahogany Side Board,Mahogany Dining Charis,Carved Mahogany Library Table,Mahogany Bookcase,Lot of Books.Parlor Chairs,Leather Chairs,Odd Rockers,Large Hat Rack,Antique Japanese Lamp,Mahogany Consol Table,Upright Grand Player Piano.Small Tables,Chiffoniers,Draperies,Genuine Oriental Rugs both smalland room-sizes some of them antiques, jWilton & Body Brussell Rugs andCarpets,Axminster and Velvet Rugs andCarpets,Pictures,1 Large Mantel Mirror,Bisque Figures,Japanese and Oriental Ornaments,Bronze Statuary,Marble Statuary,Large and Small Bronze Vases,Teakwood Pedestals and Tabourettes, Full Chimed Hirshaday Grandfather Clock,Large Chinese Vases,Bronze, Bisque and PorcelainVases,Odd Fancy Plates,Household goods may be inspected at residence before sale.The Assignee reserves the right to withdraw any of the property to be sold, if in his opinion, the price bid therefor is inadequate. tW. O. HINTON, Assignee.Curtis SOverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 -CHAIRS- 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths, at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.CANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,s Paris,. Ky.Set of China Dishes,China Fruit Set,Cut Glass Vases,Cut Glass Pitchers, vCut Glass Dishes,Cut Glass Decanters, 'All kind of fancy Cups, Saucersand Plates,Knives and Forks,Silverware,Toilet Sets,Bath Room Furniture,Porch Furniture, r. .Laundry Outfit, v ' ".Kitchen Range,Gas Stove,Refrigerator,Numerous other articles usuallyfound in well furnished, homes, 'Family Carriage Horse,Carriage arid Harness,Hemp Machine,lo snares Pans Opera House Co.4 Shares Bourbon County Agricultural Society",2 Shares Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.,500 Shares Citizens' NationalIns. Co., Louisville, y11 Shares Fifth-Third NationalBank, of Cincinnati,1 Share L. & M. Rubber Co.,1 Certificate Fifth-Third NationalBank, of Cincinnati,5 Shares Chicago-New York Electric Air Line R. R. Co.,100 Shares Travelers' InsuranceMachine Co.;20 Shares Central and SouthernAdvertising Agency.Professional CardsJ. S. Wallingfurd, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,'Phones 31 PARIS, KY.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones jlE. T. 334.ResidenceHome 334.DR. A. H RJELLER,Pbacticing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, "Elk's Bld'gParis - - KentuckyJ. WHiIilAMS, 'I.li v. i.;Siir. ZZir v mATXV.tm 15 X -JLS - U A. VYUnskilled Men Get Small Pay inSouth America.Women Fare Still Worse as Few Occupations Are Open to Them andWages Are Extremely PoorNearly All Illiterate.Entre Rios, Argentine, S. A. Sometime ago a young Brazilian attendingthe University of Illinois told me thatin many ''portions of his country fourfifths of the people could neither readnor write. One finds this state ofthings throughout South America,though in some countries, like Uruguay, the percentage of illiterate isnot so great. The women are scarcelyschooled at all. Women in SouthAmerica are far down on life's scale,among the cheap things of no importance. They are so regarded by themen and so regard themselves, saysKatherine Reynolds in Chicago News.Truly the poor opinion that thesewomen have of themselves almosttakes one's breath away."Not long ago I was talking to mycook. She is a native of Uruguay, andunlike the vast majority of domestics(can read and write. One day I foundher plowing her way through "DonQuixote." That interested me and wecalked. ,1 found her exceptionallybright and of a thoughtful turn ofmind. I drew her on and was surprised to hear her express very saneideas on South American politics andeconomic conditions. The girl is anindifferent cook, but she would make asplendid teacher of political economy.She gave me much interesting information and told me many significant anecdotes bearing on the lite ofthese people. But what astounded mewas her closing remark."That, senora," she said, "is onlywhat I think and know and is ofcourse of no importance whatever, forI am most certainly only a woman, nota patriot. And a woman cannot, ofcourse, know anything of these things."i So it seems that only men are patriots here. National patriotic holidaysare not women's holidays. Womansuffrage is in these lands only a faint,ridiculous sort of far off echo. Indeed,if you mentioned it even the womenwould look at you with a smile of pityfor your idiocy in even dreaming thatsuch a thing could be.In all these countries the top layerof society is overeducated. This socialcream, taking much of its style andtemper and education from England,apes English aristocracy and scornswork. The young South American is,as a rule, sickeningly effeminate. Thegirls, overdressed, overrouged, apingthe costumes of a Parisienne, are veryoften startling looking creatures toAmerican eyes. They, too, are fittedonly for society, and know as yet noway in which to earn a living. Themasses have as yet only the crudestsort of industrial education.There are trades here for men andin the cities one finds fairly competentmasons, carpenters and all other artisans working under an eight-hour law.But outside of the cities you see lessskilled men and the wholly unskilledpeon working from sunrise to sunset.Here there is no eight-hour law. Toilfor these men begins with the firstfaint streak of dawn and lasts into dimtwilight. And for this they are paid15 cents an hour in our money.So when you go to a grocery storeand discover that crude, dirty granulated sugar is 11 cents a pound and asmall bar of cheap toilet soap, thethree for a quarter kind at home, coststhese people 80 cents and that coal is$15, gold, a ton, and seven cent calico 35 cents a yard you wonder howthey 'live at all.The only cheap thing in the Argentine republic is meat beef and mutton. Pork, ham and bacon cost verynearly their weight in gold and arethe greater part of the year impossibleto get. And when you do get thenative pork you usually throw it away.It is badly cured, spoiled in part andhorribly spiced with garlic. The beefand mutton are really dear if youconsider their poor quality, the careless cutting and filthy delivery. Youpay 35 cents paper (an Argentine dollar is 44 cents in our money) for a kilowhich is about two and 'a fifthpounds. ,You cannot order a sirloin or porterhouse steak or a proper roast becausebutchering here is an unknown art.The animal is hacked up in any weirdfashion and you get merely namelesschunks of meat. Such a chunk is impaled every morning on a sort of abig wire safety pin and carried without a scrap of paper about it throughthe hot, dusty streets. Sometimes thedelivery boy playfully drops it Intothe filthy dust and-hands it to yousmothered in dirt. Every time themeat man comes you just naturallylook around for the dog.The animal whose flesh you areforced to buy is probably killed thenight before or that very same morning. When you come to this bit ofknowledge you no longer wonder thatthe meat is tough and flavorless andyou know, too, why so many of thesemeat eating natives have stomachtrouble. vIf life in these places Is hard formen it is a thousand times more so forthe Tvomen, Tnere are at the presenttime only a few occupations open towomen here. They may be domesticsor river washerwomen or factoryhands. .Asa domestic a girlrt seldom, getsmore than thirty? pesoe or. about thlr-Kunf A AllW ' mn'nW? t?STt h&iftt&kfaiA grouri of liia" "cronieswere talking at.the usual corner store-about the best way to Nile. A greatmany theories were advanced. Finally the others turned to Zak and demanded his opinion. "Wall," said he,"I ain't reddyHer die jist yit, but ifI had to pass in the checks I'd justlike ta have somethin' tickle me tadeath an die a-laughinV It doesn'tcost any more to be pleased than tobe grouchy. But it means a lot morepleasure to all concerned.Success Secret.Apropos of the bad effects of business on the health,. a millionaire contractor, said in a Y. M. C. A. addressin Cleveland: "The bad effects ofbusiness on the health of business menis such that I confidently inform all oursalesmen thaj, in order to win infallibly the friendly interest of anybusiness man over forty, the one thingto do is to commence the interviewby producing for examination and dis-cussion a box of some new kind ofdyspepsia cure."Serious Waste of Money.Because of the improper drying ofcorn a vast amount of money iswasted in the payment of freight. Itis estimated that 436,682 tons of waterare shipped with corn every year. Thiswould fill 14,556 freight cars of 60,000pounds capacity, making a train morethan 110 miles long.They are making wedding ringsout of platinum because it wearslonger than gold. But a ring madeof snow would outcast some of themodern matrimonial alliances.op-SPLENDIDESMonday, Oct. 5, 1914.1st As agent of Joseph H. Clay, Iwill rent publicly, at the Court Housedoor, in Paris, Kentucky, about thehour of 11 o'clock, a. m., onMONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1914,to the highest and best bidder, thefarm containing about 364 acres, belonging to Joseph H. Clay, lying andsituate on the Escondida Stationturnpike, near Escondida Station, inBourbon County, Kentucky. Thereare upon this farm two comfortabletenant-houses, with the necessaryoutbuildings .attached. About 7 acresof said lands are to be cultivated intobacco, about 127 acres in corn, 45acres in meadow, and the remainderin grass; that in meadow and grassto so remain. The lands so to becultivated in corn and tobacco arethe same lands now in cultivation insaid crops during the present year.TERMS Said land will be rentedfor a term of one year, beginningMarch 1, 1915, and ending March 1,1916, and for the rental a note payable to the undersigned as committee of Joseph H. Clay, with good surety to be approved by the undersigned, will be required, said noteto become due an'd payable March 1,1916.2nd Also at the same time andplace, as agent for Miss Letitia Clay,I will rent publicly, to the highestand best bidder, her farm lying andsituate immediately upon the Parisand Winchester turnpike, in Bourbon County, Kentucky, about 5 milesfrom Paris, and containing 227 acres,of which 91 acres is to be cultivatedin corn and the remainder is in grassand is to so remain.TERMS Said 227 acres will likewise be rented for the period of oneyear, beginning March 1, 1915, andending March 1, 1916. One-third ofthe rental to be paid in cash onMarch 1, 1915, one-third September 1,1915, and the remaining one-thirdMarch 1, 1916, and for which saidrental, notes with good surety, to beapproved by the undersigned and"payable to Miss Letetia Clay,, will ''berequired.3rd Also at the same time andplace, as agent for the committee ofGeorge Clay, I will rent publicly atract of 50 acres of land lying andsituate immediately upon the Parisand Winchester turnpike, adjoiningthe above described lands of MissLetitia Clay, and upon which 50 acretract there is a good and substantialbrick dwelling with all necessaryoutbuildings, all in a first-class stateof repair. Immedia'tely adjacent tothe residence there is a splendidspring with a continuous flow of water throughout the year. Of the said50 acres, approximately 6 acres areto be cultivated in tobacco and approximately 24 acres in corn or truckgarden, and the remainder is to remain in grass. The lands fo be cultivated in corn and tobacco are thesame now in cultivation in corn andtobacco at this time.TERMS Said land will be rentedfor the term of one year, bgeinningMarch 1, 1915, and ending March 1,1916, and for the rental a note withgood surety to be approved by theundersigned, payable to H. C. Howard as committee of George Clay,will be required.t PRANK CLAY,Committee of Joseph H. Clay.FRANK CLAY,Agent of Miss Letitia Clay.FRANK CLAY,Agent of H. C. , Howard, Committeeof George Clayr ' ..-,farft, Kj.,Sept. 8, 1914.- T1V Tl JLi. ,KINDLYTwin Bios. Dspanmeni Siore.Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky,66 Our Window DIMTOR LAST CALL ON .SUMMER SUITS-Values Up to$9.98Also See Our Display of $1.00 ijict$1,50 Shirts, with Soft Collars to :Match. Choice NowBargains in Alli""W"r Clothing aad Shoe Department.L. WOLLSTEIIN, Prop,PUBLIC SALE0 FDESIRABLE CITY RESIDENCE, BUILD-INOLOr, PLANING .MILL ANDHOUSEHOLD EURNITUREHaving acceptel a position in Cincinnati, I will sell at public auction,onWednesday, September 23, 1 9 14,beginning at 2 o'clock p. m., my residence, building lot and planing mill,located oa Houston Avenue, in Paris,Ky.The residence contains 6 rooms,khall, pantry, bath, room, porch,cellar under entire house; electriclights; city water; lot 50x150 feet,with good stable, shade trees, concrete walks, etc. jThis property is very desirable,being convenient to schools and thebusiness part of town, and is in agood neighborhool.The building lot is 40x80 feet, andhas a two-story frame storage room20x40 feet thereon.One planing mill outfit Consistingof a 15-horse power motor; 1 planer;1 Universal woodworker and rip sawcombined; 1 swing cut off saw; lineshaft; pulleys and belts; carpentertools; wagon; buggy; two sets ofharness and all of my household andkitchen furniture.Positive Sale.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.F. L. WALKER, .Paris,Ky.Geo. D. Spe'akes,' Auct.(16sept-3t)Administrator's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of D. R. Hutsell, deceased,are hereby notified to file the same,properly proven, according to law,-with, the undersigned executor at1222 Cypress Street, Paris, Ky. Allpersons knowing themselves indepted to the estate of the daid D. M.Hutsell wijl please settle promptlywith the undersigned.R. D. GRANT,Administrator.Tell a lie to savemaa and, 'the.onl- thinkMie Will ,eYr be abte- toKanuWan?aTnn''rnii io fVia.f- -Wfrm 91MI U.ftMMPHDVWB 27SrT:2fev -. t- ; tiivGreatSfiaraaiiSalei:4r -J aNow -; vGoing OdGreatergains than'ytiuhave 'ever before heard offtParis..CALL AT$16.50 For ;- VafrT- ADepartments.Z:r ".-,"j Do You AppreciBte the Convenience ofHOT WATER!Then Buy AGARLANpWater JSeaterTO-DAY! ? . .Paris 6a$ !&(Incorporated:)For Rent.rAFrame house oil- StewwuTApply afc tlE PJjewaBtr Street,, KQt JW-&"- -'1i .,M H Jaft ' ' H'Ri iriM- ,' ,.i? "SM'-iTeHtttaae .w0iItUOQmfXjatUkM DUSMU.UK; . , . 'WjLL " ffffrP',?r --,v '1'. "j" "--t.i i 'n". ;t rjfi,T.ftiik:hjmMM.4t L4f.iAzx - r s ".. VTJ-. jr 7-S. r Asy55-9SV9Q9ifyE -viSVi!3k:tIT J,KU,rirtflk'ila'UT:!'rIt-rf.1LJb .K.I Itlt4jBIST,r4 tgt.Jtfrs. . T.Pendleton4Dress cTWaking and- Ladies' TailoringAnnounces Her Return From Paris, France.Exhibit of Imported cTWodels andcTHaterials Fpr ': Suits; -Evening Dresses,WrapsAnd BlousesTO-DAY, SEPTEMBER 2 1914141 MAIN STREET-EASTLexington,n l A li J rvi ran suns -anash TO ORDER iP6U lU VIU- M vXtflK ( i- tl tZ Ai-Ji. . vm "r wr. i .ih.. mtiii Fans, Ky.,.ik nincnesier. ivv... .T$tlfo Lexington. Kvi M " "f Frankfort, Ky.,W .C ffy'f f u Line or railpi(m, i w v-wF&M, iciiiiiW Roninn onr7 Ramoi"AXUIUU U M.M.32.Words To(Advertisement.)Dry orators and dry newspapers'infrn-m" lie fliof TfnnlrfnyA TlUnrtTcJm, ms.vtt -JlTtKi:f . X.r vtLi,.TB TZ tV,, ' ";7SmSton' cannot tell a lie.U9 a auuuci U.J. v llJ'. XlXt3 v UUiUlin glowing terms to "Rockford's won-erful prosperity under prohibition."The truth of the damning chargethat Rockford is a "model dry town"is frankly admitted. Reference tothe dictionary discloses the fact that"model" mans an "imitation of theHEAL, thing,"Rockford has ceased to be damp inpots and is wet all over.She has closed her legitimate-saloons and opened her clubs andkitchen barrooms. She has prohibited the collection of revenue, but hasnot stopped the flow of liquor. She hastaken-the bottles off her downtown"bars and placed them on side-boardsn the homes. She cut off the realestate dealer from his. --.rents butkept right-on manufig drunk-1rds. Instead lois.crime aspromised; -sb.eVtjprolnbi-tion mill :cture of!esting item:neaks, Ttarsji!Kockford peoistreets and mlnk in thejMighboring wet'oit:eloit. Fewerrlwuit; auiggei iu-nnn1n J-.n.- J..T -more getGsed in their.Some vieto pay cartins of prohibitare rather t&patronize boot-3gerstigers at home.y drink to excess, be-annot afford to leaveday. Money spent in ri-forever lqst to Rockford.f these facts, the man pre-!iiKe a, . promuiuon augaiorIUtrwet and dry campaign, who dareswee, max xvouiu.ora is not a .U& 'dry city."My a, snort time ago a gentleman,J w Hrut rHEIr'reOT&JIfMJHK aimISpies.Lunfii" -CJ.C1u$rtoan9,'tijmdxney trenfeagBme JkWHEmown i&mw:mmm cHe m KOCKiora DnotoEramiea mTnese customers are wtc on? -,rD45kinuteg eight wagonloads of boozeMag hauled away from the interur-1mm depot to be stored in the homesof, this "moderdry city," and some ofm went into tne oasements or Homesowners., talk dry but live wet.would have photographed more11ie agent interfered. He took auo oi iw oeer kegs in onead got a flash light picture ofMain floor and basement ofBros.' junk shop containing sixloads of beer and whisky bottlesBartered from v the streets and alleys the mennd, by a small majorityt tiris "model dry city" in 6 months Rockfordbecame a "model dry city."Morjnl To prevent like conditions in. wmmw9 v. t iii'M. m. m - . jr.nv qauoc ;tiyKentucky.IMIIHMHIMMiti. x aBik. .uvercoais L'nt nnr-k f ffti r. ma. uieKman win Be inHotel Windsor. Sent. 28j - J- -wnnrp nrnmm-vmnrm-in xart vuHotel Phoenix. Spnf. SO.Opf 1-wjw. WV SV. J.The Capitol Hotel, Oct, 2-3Suitings. Measures Taken.ri i t yj i i x i yti n iivirtiiivii rQfo r:2li! AlUIO. - lllIUIiail, UI1IO.The Wise.There are several other junk dealerswho do a big business in empty bot-tips rTlip nam am lilm flnnfcm "rtr.i-.. . "' """ vi&c VVdBll-PhnfnrrTtnnlin P l rr1 IIIJI.IIll 1.1III III 44. fempty storerooms, inhabited only by owls, ratsand bats were taken. Blot out allother evidence and these would besufficient to prove RockfoVd to be a"model dry city."The local brewry is doing a banner business. Rockford also has inJier "midst" fourteen brewry agenciesand none of them are in business fortheir health. They do a wholesalebusiness in wet goods. When the cityhad license a working man couldbuy a drink. Now he buys-av drunk.A queer way to nromofe t.frrmp.iMance!There were twenty-nine businessfailures in this "model dry city" in aperiod of twelve months since "pro-hibition prosperity" was inaugurated.On January 11, 1914, the RockfordStar contained the following: inter-Fewer j "There were a half dozen men lockon her ed up for intoxication and with theexception of one, none were morethan 22 years old'This also proves that Rockford isindeed a "model dry 'city."The prohibition agitator points to"increased tfank deposits to provethat Rockford is dry and prosperous."Wet town can point to a similar increase. This proves nothing for oragainst; prohibition. Besides, Rockford's principal industries, fnrnitiir-factories, the EnimersonfBranHntr-hAm Co.. et. al.. sell their nrnflnpf rnf.side of Rockford. This brings wealthto mat city, anords wjie-e tn TOnrir.ers and insures a degree of nrosner-lty independent of local condiHnnj"who live outside of Rockford, but buyher products. Whatever prosperityshe enjoys under prohibition, wouldbe enhanced greatly' were all themoney sent to foreign mail orderhouses lor wet goods, expended nthome where it would be oomneileri tnpay wages, rent, taxes, license and Jperchance light and fuel from localdealers.By. the votes of the men "Rnr.Vfnrrfwent wet 1.100 maioritv. The vntoof the women overcame the vnta neine iirsjc sauare onOn- ' - -.-WERE THESEMEN WRONG?List of Noted Local and National Men Who WereDistillers.Were the Fergusons, Clays.Alexanders, Massies,v Buck-ners, et al., Wrong?( Advertis ement.)It's clearly conceded hy history thatGeorge Washington was a brewer,Thomas Jefferson was a distiller,Abraham Lincoln owned a retaillicense,, president Wilfcon has saidthis month that the liquor businessmust be O. K.'d, that one fourth ofthe government revenue was raisedby the liquor business.Our forefathers in Bourbon countydid not believe that the liquor business was wrong, as we note in theHistory of Bourbon County that ourmost prominent forefathers werewhisky dealers and manufacturers.Among them might be mentioned:Mr. W. W. Massie, James K. Ford,Jno. Trundle, G. S. White, Wm. Tarr,George W. Bowen, Benjamine Bedford, W. H. Thomas, Samuel Clay,Jacob Spears, Capt. John Hamilton,Robert Owen, Wm. Davie, -GeorgePugh, James A. Miller, Henry HibTer, Charlton Alexander, Wm. Ferguson, W. T. Buckner, Geo. M. Bedford,Thomas Duvall, Geo. W. Wyatt, H. C.Clay, Jacob Wilson, John , Ewalt, J.S. Shawhan and Samuel Ewalt.These men were the backbone of"Bourbon County and highly respectedand substantial citizens. Many oftheir children and grandchildren ofto-day are enjoying the profits derived from the manufacture of whisky: Are they going to the pollsSeptember 28 and repudiate .the business of their forefathers? If thebusiness is disgraceful now it wasthen. We think it is a legitimatebusiness now and always has been.Vote "YES."THE FIGHTAGAlNST THETOBACCO TRAFFIC.(Advertisement.)Our Prohibition friends stren-vuously deny that there is, orwill lie, any fight made againstthe use of tobacco should theirfight against the licensed saleof liquor prevail. The following telegram was published inlast Friday's edition of theCincinnati Times-Star, and fully contradicts the assertion ofthe local Prohibitionists:APPEAL. TO PRESIDENT.(Times-Star Special.)Muncie Ind., Sept. 18. TheEastern Indiana Conference ofChristian Churches, composedof 350 delegates from Yest'ern Ohio and Eastern IndianaChurches, now in session inAlbany, by resolution askedPresident Wilson to continuehis efforts to bring about peacein Europe, and ALSO TOOKA STAND AGAINST THE TOBACCO TRAFFIC.Tin's is onlv one instance ofhundreds of others showing itto be the intention of the pro-hibitionists to take up the fightagainst tobacco, should theirfight against the licensed sale 4of liquor be successful.. 'DON'T ENCOURAGE THEMWITH YOUR VOTE.THE TRUTH VS. THE LIE.(Advertisement.)The prohibitionists, in his zeal forthe cause, does not hesitate to deviatefrom the ' truth, if he thinks thatthereby he can gain votes. As an instance they are circulating throughout the county that if the countyvotes wet, the enire couny will bewet. This they know to be untrue. -The facts are these: No matter ifthe entire county, or every precinctm the county votes wet, by the lawthose precincts that are now dry willremain dry. Every precinct in Bourbon county, except Paris, is now dry,and no matter how they vote as aunit in the coming election, theywill remain dry.The only question of the electionin Bourbon on next Monday is whether liquor shall be sold in the precinctof Paris. It does not and cannot, according to the law, affect any otherprecinct. THESE ARE THE FACTS.INSURANCE PEOPLE DON'TWANT PROHIBITION.(Advertisement.)At the meeting of the National Association of Life Underwriters atCincinnati last week, an attempt wasmade to put through resolutions' favoring prohibition. After some discussion the motion was referred tothe Committee of Conservation andEducation.Tbe wise business man knows thatattempted Prohibition, at tlie presenttime, ,and under the existing conditionof business is a menace to his prosperity. The business man. looksahead to the future. The fanaticalprohibitionists considers' only,, hisLown selfish views, wi$ notegiI for "thebpinion of. ofchers? v" vrpgsrai-w"k.1?C4 AAl'F or KBdL, ,.;TUlBKY;.WAKTtPRPHltoTON?" ' Tv .! -The following results in yeitferday.'slocal option elections in three counties resulted as .follows; McCrack,enCounty, majority of l,000wet.Davies County 500 majority forwet.Christian County, majority 'of 559wet.(Advertisement.)REMEMBERIf the whole county of Bourbon vote's "wet" at the electionSeptember 28th, it would noteffect the precincts in thecounty that are now "dry."Thy would remain "dry,"and only the precincts of Partis which are "wet" would be"wet."In other words, if the wholecounty went 'wet'.' it wouldnot change the status of theprecincts which are now "dry."This question has been decided by the Attorney Generalof Kentucky.FROM AN OLD TIMER.(Contributed.)PARIS, KY., Sept. 21, '14.Editor BOURBON NEWS: "Since the opening of the presentcampaign conducted oy wum ioknown as the "wet and "dry" lorces,I have been an interested but silent witness. I have read the manyarticles on "both sides which have appeared from time to time in the Parispapers, and I have studied bbth sidesof this most important question withgreat care.I have almost passed the allotedthree score years and ten, and withthe exception of a very brief intervalit has been spent in God's flowergarden, the county of Bourbon. Ilove the' State of Kentucky, and itspeople, who are the greatest onGod's footstool. It grieves me toknow that some of my well-meaningbut ill-advised brothers have seenfit to bring this argument before thepeople at this time, for it never failsto breed discontent, turmoil and bitterness among people, and very oftenbrother is arrayed against brother,with wounds being inflicted that onlyyears cdn soothe and heal.Personally I am opposed to the excessive use of liquor. At one time inmy life I was what might be called a"victim," to the habit, but throughthe help of God and my ownjefforts,I conquered it. I have not tasted adrop in over twenty years, except incase of sickness.But I am in no wise opposed to themoderate use of liquor. I am in favor of high license, and the well regulated saloon. But what interests memore than any other -side of thisquestion is the subject of taxation. Iam a property owner in a small way,and during my long residence inParis I have seen taxation increasedyear by year, slowly, gradually, butsure, until it has become a burdento the man with ordinary means, anda positive hardship to the poor. I amopposed to oppressive taxation in allits forms.I am informed that the city of Pansand County of Bourbon together derive over twenty thousand dollarsfrom the licensed liquor traffic. Thetotaltaxes which the Government derives from the State of Kentucky forthe manufacture and sale of liquor isan enormous sum.The President has called for an immediate raise of $100,000,000 in revenue, and it has been suggested bythe Ways and Cleans Committee incharge of the bill to place a heavytax on liquor.If this is done and liquor is votedout of the State, then who can fortellbut that a land tax will be assessedfor the up-keep of the government.This great amount of money has gottn he raised, and if whisky is votedout of the various States, somethingelse will have to be taxed to meetthe dieficiency. This is not a timefor experiment, but a time for seriousand conservative thought.If your taxes are to be increased,or the assessed tax valuation of yourproperty increased, with all kinds offoodstuff going higher and highereach day, how can the already taxburdened man meet his necessaryobligations?Unon whose shoulders will thatburden of -taxation fall? Does it fallupon the shoulders of the employed"foreign" speaker who comes andtells vou how to vote? No. He ishere to-day and gone to-morrqw. Thetax indebtedness will have to-be metand paid by YOU, the home tax-payer.We sound this note of serious warning for your careful consideration.Will you heed the advice? As it isto-day things are bad enough, andsometimes it is hard to "make bothends meet." Don't -jy your vote onelection day make 'them worse.I thank you Mr. Editor for yourkind consideration.ResDectfullyA BOURBON COUNTY KENTUCKIAN. -JEWS OBSERVING HOLIDAY."Rosb Hashana" the Jewish NewYear which began Sunday at sunsetand ended Monday at sunset, wasgenerally observed by Paris Jews andby members of the race in every partof the world. Orthodox Jews celebrated two days, concluding their devotions Tuesday at sunset.Nearly every store in Paris conducted by Jews was closed in honorof "Rosh Hashana," according to announcement made 'by several prominent Jewish merchants."Rosh" Hashana," which literallymeans "head of the year,' 'h'as always been celebrated ''in Paris andother cities wherever Jews are found,ft is one of the red-letter days' in theJewish Calandar.Onlv the ctWets"vote Saturclay.lf yquare fcDrV'-mm"""" T" - -IIUMH IIMIUJIIUMNIWaif, Wile &i Jormery JtTaufmanj Straus d? Co,Bxmgrton,Regarding NewGowns andOn account of the European conditions we desire toimpress upon our patrons the advisability of making earlyselections.The fact js now well established that desirableimported fabrics in the-most fashionable shades arealready scarce and many of them will not be obtainable later at any price.We are showing the very latest models that were sentover from Paris. There is a wide variety to choose fromand those who make their purchases early will congrat ulate themselves later. Beautiful New Suits in ChiffonBroadcloth, Gabardine and French Serges. ,$25.00 to $75.00, ;Dresses in the newBasque effects, of Eich Satins andCrepe de Chines."1$19.75 to $35.Smart Street Dresses in Seres and Satin Combinations,with touches of White Pique,$13.50 to $35.00.Clean-Up Prices on alt Remaining Summer Dresses, Skirts and Waists.WOLF, WILE & CO.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington,lfilfMN(The Truth Abut the,2XI3Z"I"iw"5M5"?If Prohibition does not prohibit how do the Wets account for these figures? Prohibition does and is prohibiting in Kentucky;IKES? jjie j?jecf 0 saioons 0n Criminality in KentuckyCities. No license empties jails: "The jail doors in nearly -everycounty in which local option prevails are wideopen." From resolutions adopted by Ky. Jailers' Association, Jan. 1908. g saw..Wet counties fill Kentucky prisons. During 19101911 the wet counties sent to the State prisons one convict for-every 724 of their population. While the drycounties only sent one for every 1882 of their population.Prohibition decreases crime in Kentucky.Saloons and Crime in Three Kentucky Cities.Officisl records of arrests in Kichmond, Kentucky:1906-07 (wet) -drunkenness 602; 1908-09 (dry) drunkenness 153, decrease 593.Somerset's record: 1908-09 ' (dry) drunkenness 230;1910-1911 (wet) drunkenness 988; decrease of drunkenness 758.Record of Marion, Kentucky: Mr. A. H. Travis, thejailer, makes the following statement and gives the figures indicating the change of Marion, the county seat ofCrittenden county, when the saloons were voted out ofthat city. "The last year of saloons I was paid 300.00for taking care o.city prisoners. The first year withoutsaloons I was paid 30.00. Number fof arrests for thelasl six sears with saloons and for three years withoutsaloons:WET DRY1901 1902 1903 1904 1905,1906 1907 v 1908 1909145 158 215 173 193 174 32 46 20How no license reduced Harrodsburg crime: "Belowyou will find the report of the number of arrests made ihHarrodsburg during the last four years when we had opensaloons, also j:he number of arrests made each year since:iWET . DRY .190& 1904 1905 1906, 1908 JL908 1909366 413 442 411 151 9& 123"I certify this to be a true report taken from therecords of my office from Penal Dockets Nos. 9, 10. 11," 12."J. HALL GRIMES, Police Judge."In the face of these facts, how can a man say thatprohibition will not prohibit? The above figures speakfor tfiemselves. Think carefully and then you will voteDry. ,Vote to close the saloons forever.1.v j '(&.(Advertisement)suretz - .t . yvWm 9- -r -"-.m S -a, Z, -Co."SAutumn Suits, !Street Dresses.25Kentucky1910105yMm.-r- ,k,A.A.5i99m&m9o99999999r9999'!t9Irand vote Monday.ij"!!!1!1t -.5ft?u,.. ,j2'T-. r . "jBts' r. ' fii mm - m rt -Trr1-!!2 HiWn-rTrfi r l l i i T r PT r r'"T ninnrMTin -fc i ipi I urn and iH.ih.WJ "jjT V -XJTjlj-MEtffmjfJLr m Jt b Piltofll " lull xfll fffllH 'l -c2gj22S 4 - " Jrol!ffltMAS THE EST'( OF ALL UNE5 MADtIf ireand Tornado Insurance on Tobacco.(22-4t) Roxie Davis.Only the Wets voteSaturday. If you arepry be sure and 'voteMonday.DEMONSTRATION.Attend the Jewel Stove Demonstration at Splcer & Gilchrist's, to-dayand to-morrow, September 22 and 23.ONLY APPLICANT.Miss Mary Ellett, daughter of theRev. R. H. Ellett, of Clintonville, wasthe only applicant for examinationfor a teacher's certificate at the officeo Miss Robbins, County Superintendent, Friday.ICE CREAM SUPPER.There will be an ice cream supperat the residence of Mr. W. R. Tuttleat Stony Point, on Friday night, September 25th, at 8 o'clock for the henefit of a church being built in EstillCounty. Every one cordially invited.CHANGE OF HOUR.Imperial Encampment I. O. O. F.,will hereafter meet promptly at 7:30instead of 8:00. Every member ofthe Encampment is earnestly requested to be present at the meeting"Wednesday night, as there will bework in the Patriarchial Degree, ontwo candidates.LOOK A LITTLE OUT.The police have been notified thatan imposter has been visiting Kentucky town soliciting subscriptionsfor a publication called the InterstateGrocer. He has visited severaltowns, secured cash subscriptionsand skipped out without turning inthe money. He is about due in Paris,.Grocers are especially warned to beon the lookout for this fellow.?.PHOTOGRAPHY.Pictures in colors, etchings, etc., isboth my hobby and profession. Ipoint with pride to more than onehundred and fifty pleased customersin Bourbon County, and only two towhom satisfaction was an impossibility-Believing that I am correct insaying that the "Christmas Rush"Aviil be even greater this year thanlast year, I therefore suggest thatyou call earlier in the season for allwork to be furnished by Christmas.Positively no orders accepted forpainted portraits for the holiday after December 1.(22-lt) A, R. JOHNS.SUNDAY ORATORY.Sunday was a day of oratory andthe spellbinders drew large audiences. At the court house in the afternoon at 2:30, Clifton M. Howard,of Rochester, N.' Y., addressed a cappacity audience in the interest of thelocal option campaign. At 4 o'clock,following the adjournment of themeeting at the court house, Rev.Mordecai Hamm, the evoangelist, addressed a large crowd of men only atthe Tabernacle on Seventh street onthe social evil of the day. At nightone of the largest crowds of the present engagement greeted the speaker.The musical program was well rendered by a large choir under the direction of Ghoirister Reamsey.NO SERVICES SUNDAY.There was no preaching services atthe Paris churches Sunday morningor evening, owing to the fact that allthe denominations united in the services at the Tabernacle which hasbeen erected on East Seventh streetfor the Rev. M. F. Hamm and hisassistants, at 10:45 a. m. and 7:30 p.m. Sunday school was held as usualat all the churches at 9:30 p. mv andcommunion services was observed atthe Christian Church immediatelyafter the Sunday school exerciseswere over.The Epworth League met at theMethodist Church at 6:45 p. m. atthe Methodist Church. The Industrial Slavery in the Light of Two Standards." The leader was Mr. F. W.Galloway.Sunday afternoon at 4 o'clock, Mr.tt ,TM-.m-n.A on or1r1rias; at. t.llGnaiuiu ucincicu .. . --Tabernacle to men only, which was i cranium, 01 wSwi,heard by a large and interested au- ence Wasson and Thomas Thorn, ofdience. An augmented choir, under Millersburg.the direction of Mr. Ramsey, is an es- Among the notes of Daisy Fitzpecial feature of the:e meetings. ' hugh Ayres' from Washington, is the. . 1 following:'Much feted during their honey-RESCUED FROM RERIL- moon visit to Washington have beenOUS POSIT-tON. Henry Coleman, of Harrodsburg," andSomebody's "town cow" becomingweary of treading conventional paths,made a decided departure from thedaly routine Saturday afternoon, and,wandering up Second Street, in therear of the Windsor Hotel, gotout on the Louisville & Nashville .tracks, and kept going on and on untilshe became hopelessly stranded between the tracks on the approach ofthe railroad bridge at the foot of Mamstreet. near the county jail. From abad predicament she fell into a worse jone, in some accountable way man-,aging to get entangled in the heavy jwire netting Avhich is stretched be-tween the tracks to ' prevent coal,'tramps and track-walkers from fallingon the hads of unweary pedestriansand travelers below, 'mere sne re-1mained unwillingly the monarchess ofall she surveyed, until a hurry callwas sent into the railroad people.'"The iwrecking crow was sent to thesr.ftftB. and bv cutting the wires andlowric "Bossy" to terra firma bymeafi of ropas ih right of way wi3gaai-aa&ed to pateinf truins. TheMrs. JV H Comer and son are visiting relatives in Livermore, Ky.Mrs. James A. Moores, of Richmond, is visiting relatives in Paris.Mrs. Ollie4 Carter has returned 1from a visit to friends in Covington.Mr. Edward Fithian has returnedfrom a visit to Mr. Harold Oldham, inRichmond.-Mrs. John M. Brennan and littleson are the guests of relativesnear Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Durand Whipple was aguest last week of Miss. VanGreenleaf in Richmond.Miss Irene Lary and brother,Vernon, left last week for Jackson,La., to spend the winter.Mrs. J. B. Ninebar, of Chattanooga, Tenn., is the guest of hermother, Mrs. Mollie Roche.Dr. J. H. Comer has returnedfrom a ten-days' visit to relatives inthe Southern part of the State.Judge Robert Winn and wife, ofMt. Sterling, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Jesse Turney, near this city.Mr. Renick Smith, who has spentseveral weeks in Paris with relatives,has returned to his home in Dallas,Texas.Mr. Edgar Vansant1 has returnedto Wincbster, Va., to resume, hisstudies Jatj the SJheindoah jMilitaryAcademy.Mr. and Mrs. Douglas Thomas,Jr., have returned from their weddingtour, and have begun housekeeping onStoner Avenue.Mrs. Ed. Quinn, of Walker Avenue, has as guests Misses Ethel Hays,Nettie Rice and Anna Walton7 ofLivingston, Ky.Mrs. Owen Thomas, a former resident of this county, and now residingnear Mt. Sterling, is a guest of Mrs.John T. Hedges.Prof, and Mrs. C. C. Collins andMiss Rosemary t Gorey, guest offriends in this city, have returned tothMr home in Covington.Mr,. Frank P. Kiser and sister,Miss Mary Ashbrook, were week-endguests of Miss Janet Brooks, of"Howard Park," Louisville.Mr. Will S." Arnsparger, arrivedSunday morning from Eton, Ga., tovisit his parents, Mr. and Mrs. C. Arnsparger, on Duncan Avenue.Mrs. John Cain, who underwenta very serious operation at the Massie Memorial Hospital, was able yesterday to be brought home.Mr. Oscar Hinton left Saturdayfor Baltimore, Md., where his marriage to Miss Elizabeth Whitridge willtake place on Wednesday evening.Mr. Clifton Arnsparger, who hasbeen under treatemnt at a Lexingtonhospital for stomach trouble, is reported as being in a critical condition.Mr. and Mrs. James Claybrookand daughter, Miss Rebecca, of Masdn county, were guests of Mr. andMrs. E. P. Claybrook, near Hutchison,the past week.Mrs. Thos. A. McDonald has returned from a visit in Chicago, accompanied by Miss Nell McDonough, ofSan Francisco, who will be her guestfor two weeks." Mr. Bryan Robbins, of near LittleRock, has returned from the StateFair at Lonisville, where he was entertained as a 'member of the Boys'Corn Club of the State 'of Kentucky.Falmouth Pendletonian: Mrs.EdSummers, of Paris, spent lastweek with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.John.Heizer Mr. Robert HughesAttended the Fair, Friday and Saturday. Mr. John Brooks left Sunday forhis home in Arizona, after a visit tohis sister, Mrs. Pearl Cram. Hewas accompanied home by his nephew, John Brooks Cram, who will remain two years.Ma Winston Dunbar, who hasbeen been seriously ill at the home ofhis uncle, Mr. Wade H. Whitley, onVine Street, has been removed to theMassie Memorial Hospital, where heis now under 'treatment for typhoidfever. ' 'Mr. Jametf -T. Hinton and daughter, Miss Mary Louise Hinton, ofMemphis, Tenn., were the guests ofRev. and Mrs. W. E. Ellis, on Twelfthstreet. Miss Hinton will enter Hamiltion College, at Lexington, as a student. 'The following invitations havebeen issued:Mrs. Catesby WoodfordAt HomeThursday afternoon, September thetwenty-fourth,from two until hveo'dock.Raceland."Miss Frankie Clark is entertaining the following guests this week, ather home in the county: Misses Nettie Lou Banks, of Winchester; Florence Boone, oi Frankfort; NaomiClark, of Olympia; Clara Lail andMyra Jacoby, of Bourbon; Messrs. E.V. Easterly, or Cleveland, va.; vvm.,,. i- -m-i--! 4.- ,, a nin.his bride, formerly Miss Anita Moore,of the same place, daughter of Col.Dan Moore. This handsome youngcouple, after their romantic marriagein Louisville, have been tne guests oiMr. Coleman's uncle-in-law and auntir. and Mrs. W. F. Dennis, at theirsumptuous home on Sheridan Circle,one of the distinctively handsome reidences in the city. Mrs. Coleman, asMiss Moore, a former student at Bristol School here, was one of the pretti-est and most attractive Kentuckygirls ever identified with Washingtonsociety. Mr. Coleman, during frequentvisits to his aunt, formed a cordialcoterie of friends. He is the only son0f Thomas Coleman, the only brotherCf Mrs. Dennis.. Mrs. Dennis enter-; tained at dinner and a thrGate party Jfor the young coupie at wnicn amongthe company were Mi3s Geneviveciark and JVIr. and Mrs. Charles Nel-1SOn Riker. , There were aaiir motor x, expeditions, dances and all sorts of jf fcstive times in'lionor of the .happyi hmlr. The Dennis mansions contains 1z ar fcidal suite vwliioh Mr?. CDenriisjgis:lvr declare fche aVttfcys wouldfc&ey&fcmenL ' Mr. OoUiipii igeitf,from Washington to Atfcmtie Ciy foa Jittle sojourn." ' , "'"ling; is the rguesroffMrs; Jo. VardenMisses Elise Varden and MatildaJames leave to-morrow to attend Mar-garett College, in "Versailles.Mr. G. C. Thompson, Jr.. left! Sunday for Madison, Wis., where hewill attend Agricultural College,Mr. and Mrs. I. D. Thompson andL JSf-. iJSSJmon Turner and John Kriener,werevisitors to Millersburg Mititary Institute. Mr. Charles Shea, who has beenthe guest of his mother, Mrs. P. D.Shea, in this city, for several weeks,has re'turned to Cincinnati for thewinter.Misses Elizabeth Clay AlexanderMarion Alexander and Margaret Ferguson leave this morning for Cincinnati, where they will enter Bartholomew's College.Miss Flora Hill, who has been occupying part of the Terry double, cottage, on Twelfth street, has movedto the Anderson property on MainStreet, recently vacated by Mrs. Margaret McDermott.ACCIDENTAL SHOOTINGA revolver which C. G. "Gypsy"Barnes, a well-known railroad man,was cleaning yesterday afternoon ,athis home in Thornton Division, wasaccidentally discharged, the bullettaking effect just above the heart.Young Barnes was taken to the Massie Memorial Hospital, and was saidto be in a critical condition last night.MRS. COOK'S CAKES.We can give you Mrs. Cook's, cakeat any time.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.APPOINTED REFEREE.Dr. L. Oberdofer, of this city, hasbeen appointed Referee for the StateEoard or Pharmacy vice Dr. C. J.Clarke, deceased. He has receivedofficial notification, accompanied bythe official certificate from SecretaryJ. W. Gayle, of the State Board ofPharmacy.LOST.Oval-shaped, chased gold breast pinbetween residence of Mr. tJ. T. Tadlock and court house. Finder willplease return, to undersigned.MISS GRACE HASKINS.(3t) At Court House.THE FABR.Season End Wall Paper Sale Ig Announced. Our annual Wall Paper ClearanceSale is about to begin. We ar& preparing to receive 1915 goods, and willsacrifice a limited number of wall paper patterns of 1914 design to makemom for the new merchandise. Ifyou contemplate papering, better doit now and save money.Remnants of genuine Tuloid Linoleum from 1 to 5 yards lengths, at45c 'yard.Pure Aluminum Perolators, at l.o0and ?1.75.Steel Wool, for cleancing all kindsof Allumirium, per roll, 10c.9-inclD Flour Pots, 14c. (Steel Paring Knives, riveted handles, 10c. n pCoat and Hat Hooks, 6 for 5c.Cake Pans, 5c.Heavy Nitfkel-plated Pokers, 10c.Fire Shovels, 3c.Tooth Brushes, 5c and 10c.Children's Hemmed Handkerchiefs,3 for 5c.Plate Glass Shelves with Brackets,Dinner Sets, beautiful patterns, toselect from, 42 Pces, at $3.48.THE rAirS.Dance at home tothe music of theVictrolaHome is the idealplace for.the new dances,and the Victrola makes-it possible .to dancethem in1 every home.- The Victrola playseven the, most difficultnumbers perfectly, andwith such music 'dancingis a real delight.WeUi gladly play any aancemusic you wish to hearstop inany time. Andwe 11 explain, too;how you can easilyhave a Victrola in 'your home15 to.$200.iitaii .-Bros.iCsS-V.oliu riugar. vusam,MML auiwav -to mno, ,v,, Koyai .and -Select KMtM'..Iattend college t Winchester, .Va. . .will- be 'held, at 7: 30 -o'clock pL m..UMiss Laura, Williams, of Mt. Ster- Tuesday evnine." Semi aa.iii at. 9jBmM home last tor. yedrsSSM - fj" I&?Asotftc MErrwG.Annual assefflttlJbr of Pari CouftiAivthe Masoni 'Temple.- Election .s of romueis. xour attendance is earnest-jly requested.Fraternally,JOE H. EWALT,Recorder,LET US HAVE PEACE.The Federal Council of, the Churches of Christ in America, in responseto whose request President Wilsonhas appointed Sunday, October5th, as a day of prayer, has issued a communication to churches uing the complete observance of theday at both morning and evening services with the suggestion that,wherever possible, union services beheld in the evening.FOR BOYS AND GIRLS.The best school shoes to be foundfor boys and girls is at Feld's ShoeStore. (septl-tf)SEE THE JEWEL STOVEDEMONSTRATION.On to-day and to-morrow, September 22 and) 23, there will be a demontration of the Jewel Gas Stove at thestore of Spicer & Gilchriot, and OTrerybody is invited to witness thisdemonstration.Only the Wets voteSaturday. If you areDry be sure and voteMonday.700 IN CITY SCHOOLS.Superintendent T. A. Hendricks reports that new pupils are still beingenrolled at the public schools, the totaL. enrollment now reaching 700.Class work has been delayed on account of the new text books not arriving. WOMENS' SOCIETIES.The Womens' Missinoary Society othe Presbyterian Church held a veryinteresting meeting yesterday afternoon at the residence of Mrs. Wm. G.McClintock, on Pleasant street.The Pastors' Aid Society of the.same church will have an all-daymeeting following the summer vacation. A full attendance is desired.The Pair!Special sale Gas Mantels Powerful, durable, not made of cloth, butmade of Fiber. Once used alwaysused each .10c. Gas Lighters,- nomatches required, 10c. Edison Mazda Electric Bulbs25 watt, 30c; 40 watt, 30c; 60 watt,40c;. 100 watt 70c; 150 watt, ?1.10;250 watt. $1.80.THE FAIR.ThereforeThat which youevery endeavor"- o -. - C - , r--- rBLi.. -.-- . ' r ' -w.w iHHIHE - '2 ill m n n I PlQlffflBIMMB if )-fmlu- -1 ni2 111 GH M 1 liZIlL11 1 1 ynCK'"'' 1 1 1Very JBest Furniture, Ruga' :and will be much pleased to have YOU come anditt;vestigate. We handle nothing second hand. xTHE J.McDotJhenITw 13-. v'3 areili6 ClaMke's Memedies.We aiow own all the patentsChas. J. Clarke. Dr. TJpingtonliable .remedies under the original Clarke formula, andWe'wW J,have them in stock at all times.Among the best known are Clarke's Nerve Ease, Clarke's rSToic, Clarke's Face Powder, Parisine Cream, Clarke's Tooth Wh,and Clarke's Cough Medicine. - vAlso the following Poultry and 'Live Stock Remedies: ClartMtLimberneck and Roup Remedy, Clarke's Liquid Poultry TonicClarke's Gape Remedy, Condition Powder for Stock, and ClarkfHog Remedy.We want to supply these preparations to their many old friBffe .and know they are deserving of new friends." We racommespecially Clarke's Nerve Ease for headache, and neuralgia aaClarke's Limberneck and Roup Remedy for Poultry disorders. ,meat; yieyaiatiuus uavc llproven their merit.Your prescriptions accuratelyThe Ardery Drug Co.Clarke's Old Stand.Attention, Men !The "Wefc" Election wilt be held on Saturday., -Qnythe "Wets" will vote on that day. . -V No one bur the "Wets" consider the Saturdayelection a legal one. .The DRY ELECTION will be held on Monday.All Dry Men will vote on MondaysTto vote against whiskey stamp your ballot "NOTtrYes . .No . . . X'J - (Advertisement.)sseseaebuy should be worthto keep a stock or the,W an capersH10ONT.' . ySgjParis, Kertticky-Phonelertaking AmbW6mxrrf.--i-TCabijpBFosterW"M fMtiITTan d copyrights of the late-D.will continue to put up tba unuisvu. luuiuuguij bcobcu. ouu !.Jfilled.9Vbuying. ; Wjemj-55?" is-fmnm.aritelsSafety.' " zaWSKBflfe;4Su."Brews.'&::K -. jii MVM8e occujpea ' oy t tt.ezxcuc&y ;iT '-?vX? -ST- 'Jt "V.--i -. i .'-. . r-?A.?.-f4 fjSr-,--, -'l. . , -..-..&GPtmzAm iii Mm-JT" 1 " ' 3M" S JTTf-T-.T"rW!-fc'Il?Af.?:!m-!;r1Xhi!.:w.1.( ,.f.R:jiMIII IIIUHIIIIIIII-i StraussBros.& Co'sNew it1 5c Cigar INo. 8 1I On Sale at AH3Cigar Stands. :1 1 1 Hi'II "I"I"I"I"1'I"I'I"II4III'II',I"I'"I'New Barber ShopGirfler Fourth and MainModern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.,CARL CRAWFORDCanal Bios.Barber Shop.Prompt and Courteous Attention to All Patrons.T AND COLD'BAIHS.ii'ithe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesKothinp is more important in theIiorae tlian plear. ctendv irhf-. TnmmtIsby Retting the oil that bums .clear an1 ol n without a llicorown to ttie lit drop. P?nnsyh.iniacrndeoil tvfimd to perfection.Vt? no moe than tho Infcrioitinkwann nil - saves MONEY si esWORK to vps e pYour deafer has SOLITE OIL inbarrel direct from our works.Ghas. C. Stoli Oil Go.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren. Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Jl ' Auto OiLeosBseaz"PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULE. CITY CAR ONLY.Lve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a ni9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m6.40 p mLYc Court House.7:10 a m7.45 a. mS.15 a m., 8.45 a m' rt S.15 a mS.4 a mr aJ.5 a mv 2.4S a mU.15 a m1 11.45 a m-f A12:05 p mj, HAS p m, X15 p mx X4SpmJ.15 ppi'. 2,45 p mir 35 p mf 3.45 .p m- ' 4.15 pt .15 p m" 5.4 p m9M pmOlty Limits Only.VJCWITUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.4 Intarurban Schedule.Lexington Leave Paritfar Parisfor Lexingtonv 6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m7:Jtaaitt.amtM a a.maw a mvlllfi a mfMi0t q.m9? p'm4; It rWli9fcjSaunijSSH-'i1! ssk i5- a; .mEav 5ojv tXv y sJLBB 'isiru5 BTAv.iufissBxstsX-gmm TjCtorn Paris' Ptopte 'May' - It's Too Lata.i-WaitTillDon't "wait until too late.Be Sure to be in time.Just in time "with kidney ill.Means curing the backache, the dizziness, the urinary disordersThat so often come with kidneytroubles.Doan's Kidney Pills are for thisvery purpose. .Here is testimony,- to prove theirmerit.Mrs. B. F. Ball, 718 Lancaster 'St.,Lexington, Ky., says: "One of ourfamily was sick for three monthsfrom kidney trouble and a lamback. He had sharp pains in hisback and was so lame and sore thathe couldn't turn in bed without help.His limbs ached day and night andswelled badly. His head ached andhe often got dizzy. He was irritableand had trouble from irregularpassages of the kidney secretions.If the secretions stood for a while,there was a dark sediment deposited.He doctored and tried all kinds ofkidney remedies, but nothing helpedhim until he used Doan's KidneyPills. Three boxes drove away allthe troubles."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Ball recommends. Foster-Mil-burn Co., Props., Buffalo, N. Y.Nation of Gem Ownera.Customs statistics show the peopleof this country are the most ardentadmirers of diamonds in the world.Not only are they the largest importers of the gems, but they own practically one-half of the entire diamondsupply of the world.Does Not Blush Unseen.The old-fashioned girl who used tobe ashamed to blush, now has adaughter who has to stop in front ofevery mirror she sees and add a little color to her cheeks. CincinnatiEnquirer.$100 REWARD $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cureis the only positive cure now known,to the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeing a constitutional disease, requires a constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the blood andmucous surfaces of the system,thereby destroying the foundation ofthe. disease, and giving the patientstrength by building up the constitution and assisting nature in doing itswork. The proprietors have so muchfath in its curative powers that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Sold by all Druggists. 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.(adv-sept.)Sweden's Wealth.In its natural resources Sweden possesses all the elements necessary tobecome an important industrial state.Inexhaustible forests, rich ore deposits and important waterfalls form thebasis for future wealth and prosperity. COUTY COURT DAYS.Below is a list of the days CountyCourts are held each month in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawrecenurg, 3d Monday.Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, Iwt Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Pendleton, Falmoi.cn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Woodford, Versailles. 4th Monday.,Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, nd Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday.Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Monday. ISTIs It Worth Insuring?Ask us to give you therates. We give especial attention to all farm business.Try us. "Call 36 or 171 day,56 night.OWCertainly?W. 0. HINT0N. & SON,-TttW NEW: riRMLREMINDED HEfi OF Y0$EW1T5'California .Womanar-v -'4 W iN off.. jOWr-Enthu lastic Over Her Ffrat Amplrt.eions of Gibraltar.'Some one who was seeing "Watkinsoff the other day-niade the inevitableremark about visiting "America first."Some one is sure to say that sooneror later, within a week of one's sailing for foreign parts; if not hile. oneIs packing, he or she says it on thedeck of the boat just before the whistle blows. "k That is how it was with Watkins,who was going to spend a summer onthe Island of Sark, and who had neverbeen to California."No," confessed Watkins, "I haven'tseen the er what do you call itGolden Gate? I haven't seen the Golden Gate. But I crossed a. year agowith some California people. Theytold me a good deal about the California climate and how beautiful thecountry was."And," Watkins continued, dreamily, "the woman said 'something thatI xnever forgot. We were goingthrough the Straits of Gibraltar, and,of course, the whole passenger listwas out on deck, staring at the oldrock. Our boat didn't stop at Gibraltar we just went slowly through thestraits, and looked out and up."The woman from California wasbeside me, leaning against the rail,looking at Gibraltar, and Algeciras,and beyond to the headlands of Spain.She was mightily impressed by therock."'It's magnificent!' she said. 'It'swonderful! And what do you think?If I half close my eyes, so that I don'tget quite all of it, I can just imaginethat I am back home in the Yosemitevalley!'"NEEDS THE CLOSEST WATCHHeart Should Be Guarded Carefully toAvoid Overstraining of MostVital Organ.Deaths from heart trouble are reported daily, and they seem to be increasing. The heart and the temperof the age seem to keep in tune. If aman runs to catch a train his heart'swork increases by 228 fo6t pounds aminute. If he is in a hurry getting upstairs, there is an increase of theheart's action by 152 pounds. A restof half an hour a day would save in ayear 219,000 foot pounds of heartwork. Every time the heart contractsits force would raise two pounds tothe height of one foot.There is one great duty to watchthe heart. It is weakened by anxiety,excitement, bad temper and violentcontroversy, as well as by going upstairs or catching a train. It is thisexciting and rapid age that is bringing on so many deaths 'from hearttrouble. A person may not see theclose connection of these things, butafter a while it will come about without his knowing it. Ohio State Journal. Real Things in Life.When I was a little boy, I used to geta great deal of satisfaction out ofstroking a kitten or a puppy, or crushing a lilac leaf-bud for its spring fragrance, or smelling newly-turned soil,or tasting the sharp acid of a grapetendril, or feeling the green coolnessof the skin of a frog. I could pore forlong minutes over a lump of puddingstone, a bean-seedling, a chrysalis, aknot in a joist in the attic. There wasa curious contentment to be found inthese things. My pockets were alwaysfull of shells and stones, twigs andbugs; my room in the attic, of Indianrelics, fragments of ore, birds' eggs,oak-galls, dry seeds and sea-weeds,bottled spiders, butterflies on corks.All the lessons of the schoolroomseemed of no consequence comparedwith things so full of intimacy, offriendliness. Robert M. Gay, "in Atlantic. "Let Us Do It Ourselves."Once the philanthropist set up adrinking fountain; now there is goodcity water laid on everywhere. Inolden times kind-hearted people provided "ragged schools" for the waifsof the alleys; now there are publicschools for all. Once the benevolentcreated funds to provide meals for indigent prisoners in the jails, but JohnHoward induced the state to feed itsprisoners. Time was when the defectives were cared for by charitablegroups; now the state provides forthese unfortunates. There will alwaysbe opportunity for -private philanthropy to render signal services; but 'ademocratic society with a proper spiritof independence will not allow itselfto form the bad habit of leaning uponthe large private donor, but will takeas its maxim, "Let us do it ourselves."Edward A. Ross, in the Atlantic.Martyrs to Vice.The martyrs to vice far exceed themartyrs to virtue, both in enduranceand in number. So blinded are we toour passions that we suffer more toinsure perdition' than Balvatlon. Religion does not .forbid the rational enjoyments of life as sternly as 'avariceforbids them. She does not requiresuch sacrifices 'of ease or renuncla-1 tions of quiet as does pride. She doesnot muraer sleep nice dissipation; norhealth like intemperance; nor scatterwealth like extravagance or gambling.She does not embitter life like discord; nor shorten itMike dueling; "norharrow it like revenge. She does notimpose more vigilance than suspicion;more "anxiety than selfishness; noruau as many momncauons as-anity.LOUIS.BfeOcMftPari otL. JN. trainrr.at'" 7:50 a.-$ m.;-Ureot,l connection is Immavy&nm a: r u. sw last trainJeavingjZCincinnati 12 o'clock; noon,daily, arriving St. Louis at 8:15 p.m. This train carries modern steelcoaches, Observation Parlor car andDining Car and makes direct connection in St. Louis Union Station withall Western, Northwestern andSouthwestern lines. Other B. & O.S-W. fast trains for St. Louis leaveCincinnati daily 2:15 a. m. 9.00 a. m.and 9:15 p. m. Night trains havesteel coaches and electric lightedsteel sleeping cars. For further ininformation consult your local ticketagent.S. T. SEELY, T. P. A.,Traction Building, Cincinnati, O.(sept-8-15-22-29Hats the Cause of Baldness;Baldness' is a matter of headgear.The doctors are fairly well agreed upon that. Men grow bald more frequently than women because of thehats they wear. It is true that womenwear bigger and often heavier hatsthan men, but they attach them totheir hair and not to their scalps,hence they permit ventilation and donot constrict the veins, while men'shats, with their hard, tight-fittingbrims not only permit no air to enter,but constrict the blood vessels allaround the head.DIARRHOEA QUICKLY CURED"My attention was first called toChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy as much as twelveyears ago. At that time I was seriously ill with summer complaint.One dose i of this remedy checked thetrouble," writes Mrs. C. W. Florence,Rockfield, Ind. For sale by all dealers. , (adv-sept.)Theories and Things.Only the other day I listened to alecturer on sun-spots expatiating onthe enfranchising and ennobling power of his science, teaching as it doesthe majesty, of God and his handiwork. I agreed, of course. Theoretically; I knew he was right; yet, asfor myself, I could not help preferringto wonder at the hand 6f the Almightyin the creation of a dandelion, a sparrow, a flounder. Robert M. Gay, inthe Atlantic.Can't Keep Up.About the time a thoughtful manbegins to get an inkling as to whatbretelles are the fashion editor opensup new avenues of research by casually mentioning darts, basques andpipings.DIZZY? BILIOUS? CONSTIPATED?Dr. King's New Life Pills will cureyou, cause a helathy flow of Bile andrids your stomach and Bowels ofwaste and fermenting body poisons.They are a Tonic to your Stomachand Liver and tone the general system. The first dose will cure youof that depressed, dizzy, "bilious andconstipated condition. 25c all Druggists. , (adv-sept.)It is funny that a girl can be asgraceful as a nymph when she isdancing and yet get og a street carlike a cow.WHY WEAK LUNGS?The toll of tuberculosis 19 claimingmore than 350 victims every day in theUnited States, yet few realize their gravecondition until the critical period arrives.Overwork, worry, weakness after sickness, catarrh, bronchitis, tender throatsall exert the weakening influence thatinvites consumption. ,To guard against consumption, thousands of people fake Scott'sEmulskmaftermeals because its rich medicinal nourishment strengthens the lungs, puts vigor inthe blood, and upbuilds strength to resisttuberculosis. Scott's Emulsion is nature'sstrength-builder. Refuse substitutes.Popular Price ExcursionTo Cincinnati and Return27.$1.50for the Round TripSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky 8:20a. m., returning leoves Cincinnati'Fourth Street Station 7:00 p. nrwNatural Bridge,$1 .soSunday, Sept. 27TRAIN LEAVES 10 A. M.Low round trip. Summer- Touristtickets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Tv"isconsinfWashington and Oregon, on sale dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with final rerturn limit JOct. 31, with very liberalstop-over privileges, Porfurthernformation call-on-or addressc v- --.t t tt flfcLrrnr 'fi?iA'-'iS- "" xer-jrr --;-' r" A TfH TO ST.anSErtnfeMaiBMiSundaybent4nmw. Ti l w if TFTr? r iwivtwkti r-i J r 1 1C.J F 1) 11 i Vll 111 1 tSLAJob PrirrMncIWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!Q-jpJ5avTRE J9B R0OfflS OF-atf-THEBourbonNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you" onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingtost installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price Job' Presses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.put Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for;$2.00-Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.s -.-l441iii3iHifphUtam.29:05 9 mri'Bfarmanaa Mora. -V . ?p WM' M'jMt'l if 1 1 1 M' I i I M'?-.---vS JL v ? 41?.l-ifJiJ-j -"-HS.it1,,rf4.tfA,V y.J0L-iifMBW'iifJ1M.- rrrt- . ? "4TV. "'jtf ,tr.vtfv' WASSeP-VO.ii Mi. .A-l .IdBLl-.. ,-,JKi '.iw" ' -!": .i. 1IHt BOHr mS.-- 4-,Tnrriirrr inn n, nnnan IH:v" :',v;A v ! '::- -A-.TA.T2-g'!1 1 4"4"i ! I- ! f ! ! M j f 4M&nfMipitN-bw?miL 11;REPfINNSriiiflie Higiin laniifawiiig iWindow and Door Equipments-T. A. HENDRICKS, Sales Agent,Lexington, Ky,iThe Higgin All-Metal Weather Strips for Windows and Doorsare a real economy because they reduce the fuel bill, keep outthe dust, spot and rain.They stop absolutely the air currents coming around the sashand make the roommore comfortable... They are durable and apermanent addition to the window.Estimates WPJ1 be cheerfully furnished without charge and without obligation to buy.Better let up Strip your house and make it more comfortablenext winter and at same time cut down that fuel bill.We have furnished screens for hundreds of satisfied Bourbonfamilies. We refer you to the following families in Paris, whohave used our AK-Metal Weather Strips and are pleased: Woodford Spears, W. W. Mitchell, W. R. Blakemore, A. J. Winters.Thos McDonald, Geo. W. Wilder, Ed. Tucker, R. C: Talbott andothers too numerous to mention.vVT.A. HENDRICKSSALES264 RAND AVENUE.Teleph one,v'K-:'Vv:4M4j.j.t..WALTER MARTININEW LIVERY STABLE!New Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.Horses Boarded ByHauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streetplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROSTStables Eigth St., MainSt.L. 6c N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVETrains .A-rrireo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga Daily 5:21am234 Lexington, Ky., Daily , 518 am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y .7.7 ,7 -35' am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ;. 738am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday I .7 7.45 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7 42 am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily 7.V 938 am3 Maysville, Ky.; Daily Except Sunday , . . .7.7.7.7 10 : 20 am12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:15am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily.., 10:24am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.. 7. 12:00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 3:iq pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ; 315 pm138 Lexington, Ky., Daily '. .... 3:33pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 4 3:30 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5:35pm39. Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday .....; ,.' 550 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6:18pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., .Daily 6:23 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains De-oa,rtNo. TO34 Cincinnati, O., Daily,- 5:28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. 5:35 am7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7:50am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 7: 50 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9:43am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9:45 am33 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily ': 10:29am1C3 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:27am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily , 12:05 pm-6 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .- 12:04 am13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:33 pm8 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3:40 pitt9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:56 pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . . . . .' .- 5 : 58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily .' 6:28 pmo8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : v. 6:25 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 640 pmCI Lexington. Ky., Daily 10:55pm131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:57pmdb O. TITrTiS-T A TtT ,TiITrains .A.rrrve- FROM .?-2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday ....;.. 7:40 an4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 5:50 pnTrains Depart'No. ' T 01 Frankkfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 8:30 an.3 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday... 6:25 pn,FOR RENT.Cottax AOft- HinWUetttawith 4 rooa artA1?! MmMirir tmTmiim."-"- :.. r..mmAGENT,LEXINGTON, KY.2585.ERNEST MARTINv.Day, Week or Month!Transfer Busi-YBoth PhonesOCT. 19, 1913Mare For Sale, ,Nbn-jesident bwuer will sell perfectly gentle family, driving jriare.hetnut, by agJuirrel'-first danv,- 4MTW9C vj 11HI.M- iVHiMMim ,-HMT; . JntK HrY6. ? JJC' a" -HKJ 'POtUKT? OtBIT. .?;;' "P 'wuuni, "rwjwyw Mr-, -1--- . , , "-'bathlWirtrift Cirt r ifclstf'brgwt 4e i'V, ?&b, C.iTOLTUNi .. -- lira at Ikmrtnua's etable. ' AnP, V'l'- rwfrv V 'y'- 1:K -l iJ'z, x-''&:99&'.santl (it v r .- . . ,vj: - - ,-. Hm&msk--s. ':, Wri?.nw v-it.'WJP?H'Young -Lady. Who Had Bujjticastleiin the Air Somewhat RudelyBrought Down to Earth.Friends of a Worcester young woman are forcing her to cubmit to considarable good-natured joking about heracquaintance with a youth whom shedescribed as '-'the' most interestingman she ever met." The girl was introduced to him at a recent socialgathering and before they had talkedtogether long he had xher attentivelylistening to an account of his travelsthroughout the country, and his experiences in manydifferent cities. Healso alluded to his college life, andbefore they parted the girl had theidea that Bh'e had become acquaintedwith the son of a, millionaire,. or somedignitary.She talked freely about him to heracquaintances, although not mentioning him by name. One day while witha young woman friend, she parsed himon the street, and was surprised to3ee him bo.w to her companion."Do you know him?" asked the girl,very much surprised."Sure," the other replied. "He usedto be our paper boy. He is now tryingfor a job on the police force."The girl was surprised into admitting that he was "the interesting man,"and what followed indicated it wouldbe many days before she heard thelast of it. Worcester Post.FOR ELIMINATION OF SMOKEFiring Must Be Systematic and Properly Done If Best Results Areto Be Attained.Smoke is caused by failure to burnhe combustible gases that arise 'when'Euel is exposed to the flame. The editor of Power describes these gases as'a complex mixture of various hydrocarbons, from some of which carbonseparates on cooling in the form oflampblack; or soot. The smokier fuelsalso give off tarry vapors, which condense and help to gather the carbonparticles into flakes or 'smuts.'"For the burning of these gases asthey are evolved from the coal, threeDonditions must exist: Air must besupplied above the fuel bed, thetemperature must be high enough toinsure ignition, and there must betime or space for combustion beforethe mixing currents of gas and air arecooled by flowing into or among thetubes of the boiler."Firing coal in large quanties produces so much gas that neither airsupply nor combustion space is greatenough for its burning. Therefore coalshould be put on in small quantities at.frequent intervals.Leaning Tower of Pisa.This celebrated bell-tower is situated in the city of Pisa, Italy, and wasbuilt during the twelfth century bythe German architect, William of Innspruck. It is cylindrical H shape, 50feet in diameter, 172 feet high, andleans about fourteen feet out of theperpendicular. It is entirely of whitemarble, and consists of seven stories,divided by rows of columns. The top,which is surmounted by a flat roof andan open gallery, commanding a splendid view of the surrounding countryis reached by 300 steps. The towerwas not originally intended to leanbut the foundation settled more on oneside than on the other until it reachedthe present inclination, which it hasmaintained with scarcely any perceptible Increase for hundreds of years.The upper part of the structure wasbuilt in a manner to counteract inpart the inclination; and the grandchime of bells, seven in number, ofwhich the largest alone weighs 12,000pounds, is mounted with reference tocounteract this fault still further.Insatiable.George A. Birmingham (Canon Hannay), the versatile Irish clergyman,playwright and novelist, was talkingto a New York reporter about theAmerican business man."I'll tell you a story," he said,"which hits off the American businessman well."A wife, still young, turned from thewindow of her sumptuous nineteenthstory apartment and said to her husband: " 'George, ten years ago you promised me that when you madea millionyou'd retire from business, and thenwe'd trayel and enjpy life.'"Here she began to cry.' " 'You've got your million now!' shesobbed. 'Why do you still keep onworking?'"George, as he hurried into his overcoat, growled:" 'Ah, that's just like you never satisfied!" Unhappy Bachelors.' The Moors in Morocco maintainthat a married man is blessed in thislife and goes to Paradise after death,whereas a grown-up man who dies abachelor does not find the. road toParadise, but will rise again with thedevil.PO-DCX-LAX BANISHES PIMPLES.Bad Blood, Pimples, Headaches,Biliousness, Torpid Liver, Constipation. . etc., come from Indigestion.Take Po-Do-Lax, the pleasant and absolutely sure Laxative, and you won'tsuffer from a deranged Stomach orothr troubles. It will tone, up the"Liver and purify .the blood. .Use it.regui&ny anar ypn win siay, weu,nayeiciear coiaplexion and- steady.1ij-' '-?x V ft'L Llil-, -x ' Jt . --.4- 1..V-. inVn.,U 'luifWlthnM- thil ftsrilMMI Mrfll ' vV L.HEATINGAt ALet Us Show YouLittle Cost. Our Stoves Must Prove To Be What We "' 0Say, or Your, Money Back. -ill ill IGET THE LEADERFOR THE BATH ROOM.IIT WILLCOST YOUand it must do the, "workto .you. vA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main Street. CHAS. GREEN, Manager. Opp. Court House.ACUTE INDIGESTION."I was annoyed for over a year byattacks of acute indigestion, followedby constipation," writes Mrs. M. J.Gallagher, Geneva, N. Y. "I tried everything that was recommended tome for this complaint but nothing didme much good until about fourmonths ago I saw Chamberlain's Tablets advertised and procured a bottleof them from our drpggist. I soonrealized that I had gotten the rightthing for they helped me at once.Since taking two bottles of. them Ican eat heartily without any badeffects." Sold by all dealers.' (adv-sept.)About this time of year Motherswears that she'll be darned if she'llwear, that winter hat she wore lastyear. But Father never takes a hint.'and Mother will rib the ribbon off theold hat and take tha bow off the frontand but it on the back and bend theframe into another shape and bluff allthe neighbors that it is a new bonnet!RHEUMATISM PAINS STOPPED.The first application of Sloan's Liniment goes right to the painful partit penetrates without rubbing itstops the Rheumatic Pains aroundthe joints and gives relief and comfort. Don't suffer! Get a bottle today! It is a family medicine for allpains, hurts, bruises, cuts, sorethroat, neuralgia and chest pains.Prevents infection. Mr. Chas. H.Wentworth, California, writes: Itdid wonders for my Rheufatism, painis gone as soon as I apply it. I recommend it to my friends as the bestLiniment I ever used." Guaranteed.25c at your Druggist.(adv-sept.)Luke is going to sudy Anatomy. ABoston woman was shot in the dining room and a Pittsburg womanwas stabbed in the back yard.CHAMBERLAIN'S LINIM"ENT.If-you are ever troubled with achespains or soreness of the muscles1, youwill appreciate the ood qualities ofChamberlain's Liniment. IMany sufferers from, rheumatism and sciaticahave used it with the best results.It is especially valuable for lumbagoand lame back. For'sale by all dealers. (adv-sept)You can't always tell. , A man maynot wear long whiskers because hethinks they make., him look handsome.Maybe his wife buys his neckties.CHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC CHOLERA AND DIARRHOEA REMEDY"I advised the 'boys1 when they enlisted for the Spanish war to takeChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy, wltn them, and havereceived thanks for, tha advice given," writes J. H. HoughlandEidon,Iowa? HNo" person, whether tratlinr.. at- ' , J, t" filT . -V . . .. - "m ' "V ' IOF GAS AND GOALBig Reduction.How You Can Heat the Home With 'BtitThe New ProcessGas StoveLeads Them All.?:We are also offering a great reduction in pricesand many are taking advantage of these prices whilethey have a chance.Ask to see the No. 79 for the family room. Thatis the one.Now $7.00.Others $3.00 Up to $30.00.$5.00or .your money will be, returnedNo Advance in PricesATFeld's Shoe Store; fHaving placed our Shoe Orders with the various factoriesfor our fall and winter Shoesearly last spring, we are nowoffering neW arrivals at oldold prices. Remember Feld'sis the store for Quality, styleand comfort. Try us now ifyou haven't before.Feld's Shoe Store.!STOP THAT FIRST FALL COUGH.Check your fall cough or cold atonce don't wait it may lead to serious lung trouble, weaken your vitality and develop a chronic lung ailment. Get a bottle -of Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honeyto-day; it is pure andharmless use it freely for that fallcough or cold. If the Baby or Children are sick give it to them, it willrelieve them quickly and permanently. It sooths the irritated throat,lungs and air passages.' LoosensPhlegm, is antiseptic and fortifies thesystem against colds. It surely prevents cold germs from getting a hold.Guaranteed. Only 25c at your Druggist. (adv-sept.)'Every time a ivoman reads one ofher husband's old love letters shewonders where Ananias ever got a.right to pose as a Real Liar.You may have noticed"" that theman who has a horseshoe nailed overthe door o fhis house is usually afellow who has to wTork hard andnever has a dime of his own.FlayerPiaao For Sale.If ryou wish; a: real bargain, for .par-t -STOVESS sMaaaa,..MttVFOR SALE.Five shares of v the capital stockof the Deposit ami Peoples' Bk.Apply to(18-3t) JOHN J. WILLIAMS. rFor Sale.Pony Saddle and Blanket -:fbcvpony cart. Inquire at News office WFOR SALE. ;One 3-horse-power gas or; gasottnaengine, wiu sell cheap. Apply to "-HENRY GROSQHEL.ONEROPf MURSON PtKJtTlYdown a. chick's throatrapes, A f eir Aroqps ia ttMf:drinkinr waterBreTCBts cholera.and other chick difcM& 'Me bottle makes inedlclBft At all dSample aaA booWteases eg IWMi"MMMHHMaHaaMinMMMMaBk mkMftrV. .Ot- -HL-i -j'i4,- -if.mi")'tmz-- .-r-T- , I . . ' .... j.iLA - - - -. - - j- -. ST.. , ,L , .fvU . T.r3B t,T(TJWsft -" -. - ' - --. -i "-- .- . .. - J - . - ".-.'' -'.. ', ?: JttF:.,Xtt&.:- - - .mrLtK--,:-S ,iri- "i:Tjc.figljfeVfc; :-- :v .,--; .-riGBPmrSF42jjr W'-smr ', -run vttu mfiHN. viryj ,l 5:V on , :w '"r -2r-xA&. .::&.?' - rrr Y.' 3Fmi?s.LLERSBlffi"itt-., . r. .?.i ; ; iMHTfiiri y :'r 'JILTlUllUMUi- Ji 'ite3BHeas!2asEe-H5V; lalHor. 5!Tiie sofj triess " ft ftliiftnce L-tjcr. w. e! Butler visited relatives"" mrringtoa from Saturday until to-Miss ?ola Redd entertained quitea number, of her friends Saturdayeramjs- , .jjrs. W. A. Young and childrenJiett Saturday for a visit to relatives" at Lexington.Mr. Edward Conley, of Pamts-MB, vs a guest of Miss Nola Redd,tram Friday until to-day. N-. r-ytr. .Carlton Ball, of St Ixmis,- Mq., isthe guest of his parents,' Sqire and Mrs. A. C. Ball.-T-Judge Harmon Stitt, of Paris,wM address the colored voters of Milv lerxburg in the colored M. B. Church,' at 8 o'clock, Wednesday night.Mr. and Mrs. White and children,-of Hew York City, are guests of herbrother, Mr. Charles Martin andlaiailyrMrs. C. M. Best left Saturday forJewish Hospital at Cincinnati, whereshe underwent another operation onJker foot.jar. J. F- JMcuanisi leic xviouuayfor Nashville, Tenn., to attend theaa-an&l meeting of the Southern.. Bankers' Association.Mr. W. M. Vimont has returned- to hisMuties with the Adams ExpressCompany, it Cincinnati, after spend-- ing several weeks at home.Mrs. Claude Berry and Miss Elo-r& Mason, the former of Virginia, arequite ill at the home of their parents,MrZ-and Mrs. John Mason.Dr. and Mrs. Floyd-Long leftThursday for their home at Chicago,after spending several weeks with- is father, Mr. J. R. Long, and otherrlstivKThe W. C. T. U. will hold its an--Bwai election of officers this afternoon-;at"Be Methodist Church at "3 o'clock.'- Awll attendance of the membershipis desired.Iwr. and Mrs. O. E. Hurst leftpi " Koaday for Columbus, O., where the1 " fni-mpr iroes as a delegate to the annual meeting of the National Fraternal Insurance Co..The remains of Mr. .John Shay'irer laid to rest Saturday morning" iathe Catholic Cemetery at Paris, af-tef an appropriate service at theCnurch of, Annunciation.' Rev. J! D. Redd delivered a localoption address in the court house atGeergetoVn, Sunday. He spoke inBoone County yesterday and willspeak there again to-day.The M. F. C. opened under theMost auspicious circumstances last-Tkwsday. It "was he largest open-' lag day in the histgry of the administration of Prof. Fisher, who has beenis,; charge of the college for the pastseventeen years.Mr. L. T. Vimont, of Newport,-was the guest of relatives here fromr Friday until Sunday, the occasion being to attend the funeral of his broth-er-inrlaw, Mr.. John Shay. Mrs. Vir moat has been at the bedside of herfeather for several weeks."TJie Million Dollar-Mystery" Episode 1No. 11 In The Path of TheFast Express Flopence and Nortonstart for home by tram. The "BlackHundred" learn of it. Vroon and Countess Olga board the train. Nortonspies them. A terrible accident happens. Norton regains consciousnessand finds 01ga, but Vroon and Floronpp nrft erone. Norton carries Olgato a 'farm house, learns that Vroonwith Florence passed that way. Hedashes to the rescue, is ambushed "byVroon and his 'band, is beatea-after afierce fight and carried to, the lonelyhut where Florence is held prisoner.Their "threats fail and they carryTsTorfnn.'tipd "hand and foot, to theLrailroad. Florence makes a desperateescape. Jones and the police appear,and all rush to the railroad as thefast express thunders down the line.$10,000,00 in cash will be given forthe best 100 word solution of thismystery.6l it all Is" overpowering thi ifUllfshadows of twiligkt fall andjfce"hush5Of nignt Sipais over wc jsvjwuc, tuccares of life seem to yantSsh in -thewest with the God, of Day Jn therefulgent ght the city seems like abeautiful mirage, enthronedbetweentwo 'seas-jthe ocean and the skynow golden at sunset, then silveryby moonlight. And with the vista ofthe stately palaces and St. Marks inthe distance paneled by the mysticHfrM. and eondolas silently floating-o - . ,,, , ppast, in the foreground iiKe-,Darges oigold and silver, tne wizardry or-tnepicture becomes complete-a triumphant symphony of earth, sea -andarchitecture, chrystallized in stoneand glorified by the setting sun-un-tilveiled by 'matchless and magiamoon light. y ' -(ady.1& ...!'44JiI-tI : 1Mi 'ItO"Snp.ftifl.1 added feature "Allah 3311"in three parts Drama of intrigue andadventure, Tvith Baroara rennanjuand O. A. C. Land.Columbia Thursday.Little Mary Pickford, "In the Sultan's Garden," with Barbara Tennant"a two-part comedy entitled, "Love andLunch."nmmrommue warvraMUIlHlvT "i ,wUlv ;j i "kflleiMi lot tfcfcB d& fce,oathiJs6 lot Ho 74, a shownon saidplatiritM-6a Jeet-on St. CathvlaePftBISREAL fSBHEBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Thomas J. Smith, Banking Com' missionef, by Buckner"Wood- .ford. Special Deputy Bank-v ing Commissioner, - - PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Paris Base Ball Club,n.DefendantttDies Bank.C. K. THOMASCity Collector.tfColumbia Theatre To-day."Hearts Highway," a two part(Elair) drama, and "A Blood Brotherhood," a Rex drama of the underworld, featuring Lois Webber andPhillip Smedley. A comedy subjectwill also be shown entitled "HisWife's Family, (Joker.)j Jj4sii,- rtii'Isv:SAVE YOUR COAL BILLS..i Il..n Dixtnroc.e uXmn 7of.;; gea Pand pleasure. "The Queen . ofVenice the City of the Sea i essentially a musicalfamous the world over ror us poeuuand haunting -beauty, constitutes oneof the big features to be presentedby Lyman H. Howe at the ParisGrand Opera House on Thursday,October 1, 1914. Throned on herhundred isles, it resembles no othercity on earth, not merely becauseof the perpetual pageant of gracefulgondolas gliding tnrougn us uquiuavenues, but there is something sodistinctive in its architecture thatmust be seen, to be appreciated.Here are architctural jewels unsurpassed anywhere else even in Italy.At every turn there is a blending ofthe poetical and picturesque. Thetranscendent beauty of the city isrivalecTonly by the glory of its history romantic and tragic. After viewing Venice by daylight, the sceneschange to the hour of sunset, whenthe sun, like a cunning necromancerrobes the city in beauty that is imperial and dazzling. Finally theychange again to Venice by moonlight.ThP. color transformations from thegolden glow of sunset to the enchanting emerald of moonlight in thisparadise of pleasure may well thrillheart and mind. The glide alongthese curving promenades of ripplingwater lined with palaces, massivecolumns, marble balconies and sculptured arches all under tne speu oiBen Ali Theatre, Lexington.That joyous melange of musicalcomedy, pretty chocus'jgirls, music ofovppntional tune to a cortaire of stagefavorites in the leading roles, Thos.W. Kliey S ine Vueeii uj- me iiAw-ies," which so delighted capacity audiences for six months at the GlobeTheatre in New York, and later inBoston and Chicago, will be attraction at the 'Ben Ali Theatre in Lexington, Monday and Tuesday Sept.9th and 29th with a matinee Tuesday. Not in many seasons nas a mu-sical attraction wan. leucxrcusuch favor as that which greeted M.r.Riley's production in New York. The-whole thing is a joy and delight andthe fun kept at high spee, every second. Such, a chorus of loveliness isseldom seen. They sing like larks,dance with dream-like grace andlightness, and wear such stunningclothes that it makes the femininemnn.harc: of tii p. audience gasp withenvy' and cause the eye-balls of theimale patrons to bulge with wondernlaacnrA "' 'IIP UUeeil UJ. Cll3Movies" is essentially a musical comedy, a rollicking girl ana music snowof the most pretentious sort, filledr,-fi, rvthmirni dance numbers andliaving as its story the theme of thepresent aay uitu.e - " "'-r 'and a subject that lends itself admirably to the travesty with -which theproduction tells us, lovers of cleancut comedy, laughter, catchy songs,captivatingly brilliant dances, prettywomen, music which sets your pulsea-tingling and your feet a-tnpping,'will welcome the advent of this attraction, the company numbers nearlyone hundred people and a gorgeousscenic production, and an augmentedorchestra. (aav)554"ri the "Wetsvote Saturday. If youDry' oe- sureare66and vote Monday.ff.a.b-fll, Phones 336;C15-tf)J. H. BATTERTON.JOHNSON" SLOWLY RECOVERING.ehimmp.rinir ravs of moonlight, is tosee the Bride of the Sea as a QueenHenry Johnson, the negro who entered the home of Mr. Henry Meadesome time ago and the man a mobmade an unsuccessful attempt tolynch the same night, is slowly re:covering from the injuries he received at the hands of Mr. Meade. .It is probable that Johnson will recover sufficiently to be tried thisweek. jUnder arid by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale of the Bourdon Circuit Court, rendered An the abovestyled action, the undersigned .MasterCommissioner will sell at piblic auction to the, highest andrbest bidder atthe Colirt House 'door in the City ofParis, Ky., bout the hou.' of 11o'clock a. m., onSaturday, October 10, 1914,the following described property:Situated in Bourbon County Kentucky, and being tracts Nos. 5 and 6,White's Addition to the City of Paris,as shown on plat of " said additionfiled and recorded in the BourbonCounty Court Clerk's office, indeedbook 93, page 249. Said tracts arebounded and described as follows:Tract No 5.. Beginning at 5, corner in line of No. 4, thence S 13, E180 feet to 6, thence N 77, E 766 feetto E) on Stoner; thence down btonerwith ordinary water mark N 46 W207 1-2 feet to E, corner to JNo. 4;thence S 77 E 665 feet to the beginning, containing three acres.Tract No. 6. Beginning at) 7 inline of No. 5; thence S"15, E 277 feetto 8, conrer to tract No. -7; thenceNB 597 feet to G, on Stoner;thence with ordinary water markN 17 1-2, W 281 feet toF, corner to tract No. 5; thence S 77',W 572 feet to the beginning, containing-threeand seventy-two hundredths (3.72) acres.Being the, same two tracts of landconveyed to the Paris Base Ball Clubby Whaley and Boardman by deed recorded in deed book 96, page 80.. Also a certain lot of ground inwhitp'n Addition to the City of Paris,being lot No. 45, as shown on theplatot said addition, saia iou iroauug50 feet on St. Catherine Street and extending back between parallel linesto a 12 foot alley in the rear, a distnPA of 144 feet and lying betweenlots Nos. 44 and 46, being the sameproperty conveyed to saia raris .tabeBall Club by Joo Farmer and-wife, bydeed recorded in said Clerk's office indeed book 96, page 322.The Jewel Slove- i -mt-mr. rr r. vtt vStreet an dr exteniinr back between r4 jl Lsparallel linef'to a 12 ,foot aHey a.dis. HH ?Z "iVL!"tance-of 144 feet, and lying between ZZ ' " . VTGeorke Street on the south, and lot "On at my OTTICe atNo. 75 m the north. ,v the Deposit and Peo-aiso lot ino: o, as suowu ou.aaiuplat fronting 60 feet on St. CatherineStreet and romning back between parallel lines to a 13 foot alley, a -distanceof.144 feet, lying between lotNo. 74 and a 12 footalley.The last three lots were conveyedtb the Paris Base Ball Club bv Board-man, and Whaley by deed recorded in 1cairl rffia in AAori hnnV Qfi naira QK9 f XIn offering said tracts of land, theMaster will offer the parcels as theywere originally laid off on the plat ofWhite's 'A'ddition to the City of Paris.iHe will -then offer tract No. 5 separ-ntolv' nrd- anarf ..Tift -will then offertract No. 6; "he wilL then offer tractirTirvnm nc lnt Nn. 4F: he will then 1 Toffer the tract known as lot No. 46;he will then offer tract known as No.74; he will then offer tract known atNo. 75; he will then offer all of saidtract3 together.Said sale -will be made upon credits,of six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase money, the purchaser being required to execute bondfor equal installments of the purchaseprice with good surety to be approved by tne Master Commissioner, payable to the said Commissioner and'hp.arine interest at the rate ot six percent, per annum from date of sale-until paid, and have the torce anaeffect of a judgmentExpertDemonstratorwill be at our store on thedates given below to give aSpecial Demonstration andExhibit that will show howto obtain J;he best results inCooking and Baking, and toDemonstrate the use andCare of StovesAlso a certain lot of ground in saidaddition being lot No. 46, as shownon said plat, fronting 50 feet on St.Catherine Street and. extending backQtTiroon Tarn.llpl lines to a 12 footJ alley, a distance of 144 feet, and ly-.HiiilMaHllHnHSaid sale beinc made to satisfy ajudgment of plaintiff against the defendant for the sum of 2,243.91,subject to a credit of $150.00 as ofJanuary 23, 1913, and the furthercredit of S389.17. as of March 16, 1914,and the further credit of 150.00 as ofJune 20, 19i4, with interest at the rateof six per cent, per annum from the19th day of April, 1913, until paid,together with the costs of this action, amounting to '$ .c. a. McMillanM. C B. C. C.J. J. Williams, Attorney.,M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.BIBLE CLASS TRIP.The visit of the Men's Bible Classof the Christian Church of this cityto the Bible Class, in Mt. Sterling,Sunday, was a most enjoyable affair,over 100 members of the class availing themselves of the opportunity offered of .visitine the capital of Montgomery. The party maae tne trip in ,twenty automobiles, leaving Paris,about 7 p. m. They speak in the highest terms of the hospitality extendedthem by the 'members of the Hazelrigg Bible Class and the citizens ofMt. Sterling generally.SUCCESSORS TO DR. MATTHEWSWe beg to advise you that we havetaken over from Dr. Clara B. Matthews.her entire stock of optical prescriptions. This places us in a position to replace your broken lenses to the correct STRENGTH, SHAPE andCURVE. ,Our prices you will find to be aslow as the lowest and our work thatfurnished by the best house" of itskind in the country.We most earnestly solicit yourbusiness for replacing your brokenlenses or furnishing new lenses asper the precscription for your glasseswhich we now hold.We guarantee you prompt andefficient work, and best of all, quickservice from the factory.Thanking you in advance for anyilayers snowu us iu una line, c uesto remain,Very truly yours,SHIRE & FITHIAN.TUESDAY & WEDNESDAYSEPTEMBER 22-23Two Exihbits Daily, MornX ing and Afternoon Don'tmiss this big special event.Interesting, Instructive, andFree to all A Souvenir toEevery Lady that Attends.tSPIGER&GILGHRISTELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101 ,vtA.A A VAA A. A A A AAA ,tfffftffffffff 'GORREGISTATIONERYA--Embracing All tbe Newest Leather and the ,Very LatestStyles.Our big purchases of Shoes for this season from the leading shoemanufacturers of this country before the present European War, whichcaused a big advance in leather, will enable us to offer to 4ur customers"the best made Shoes for men, women and childrenAt Prices Lower Than Ever!It is worth somethingto buy your stationerywhere the styles are correct. We keep abreast ofthe times. We knowwhat's right.Our prices are as rightas our styles. Prices allthe way from ten centsto a dollar a box.Our window is ull of--boxpapers have-' a lookat -it.Peoples PharmacyPARIS, KY.Doyle Building1 Sth and Main."Watch Our Windows."44C:77f"PfitIDENT WW'BEGAN EARLY TO.BANK HfS MONEYSON ffE ENJOYS IKr1--H .! r;Ladies' Mat Top, Patent Kid or PlatinumCalf, Louis Heel, long or medium vamps;of the best quality and latest styles,iat $3.49 and $2.99"T-QriiVs' ninth Ton Patent Kid or GunMetal, French heel, .silk lining, bench .made, at $3.49 and 2.99.Ladies' Kid Shoes, medium or low heel,easy, noiseless Restshu, most comiorta-ble, at y .Ladies' Gun Metal-or Patent Kid, buttonor lace, Cuban heel, custom made, .atLadies' Gun Metal and Patent Leather,Cuban and low heel, good quality,at s- $ 1 .99 andLadies' Pumps and Oxfords in all styles at onehalf the original value.2.992.491.49'V"-Men's Russ. or Platinum Calf BaL.fEnglish T.nst v nf tne famous Walk-Over- make, a- better quality and' style thanthe highest priced shoes tf any other -make, at.. ..,...: $5.00 and $4.50Men's Russ. or Platinum Calf, WalkOver and Beacon makes, all styles andshapes, at.v $4.00 and 3.50Men's Tan or Gun Metal, bench made, 'all lasts, good . quality, at v- 2.99Men's Gun Metal, button and lace,at..., $1.99 and r.49Men's Heavy and Men's lieavy and MediuinWeight Shoes, best flexible soles at lowest .prices.Men's .Oxfords in all leathers -and styles at onehalf the original price.-', Boy's Shoes in all leathers and styles, best makes, $2.49, $1.99 and $1 .49. xJ J? Misses' and Children's Best Grade Shoes at your own price.Lfidies Pumps and Oxfords, broken sizes, 2 1 -2 to 3 1-2, at 25 and 50 cents,jfoi Saturday only. . -T2 - - ' "". v j -vw"Y Si 1 'V 1- T TTI TVT 7 "1J u -LN KJKJ J73- JJ J-lGreatest Shoe Stcicer -y- - y-1 i,'f i-X-".h- Iv.jf r,i'w-3' I: PP""fcjtij: t f t Km f" n-- i tAJSfew York theatrical man with an income of $25,000a year went to Wall Street with $20,000 and trippled it.His head was turned in a few months theatres closed income jceased and Wall Street had finished his spare- change.The EXTRAVAGANGE his famijy had been used to soondrove him to t(ie extremity of mortgaging property and sacrificing pet securities. Today, he is BROKE. - yMake OUR bank YOUR bank,We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings. 'DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKyCAPITAL $150,000.00 (SMM4JS-. :?.:::... ..;.. 50.IM.00"' - &STdOUWlKlS' LIAUMIY,:.. IS0N.M' -,MIm:;..::.,.3ioimp& , KtltOKAS; ;ftrtHr,v.smit ' Jif.. "-. -J-V t