ON-, jne-tf&mSv flfiifjiPUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FR ID AY, MAY 15, 1914.THEOURNEWSAVTIPICO FALLS TOHANDS OF REBELSINFIERCESTRUGGLEGeneral Gonzales Takes theMexican Seaport; Feder-als Retreating-HUNDREDS SLAININ CITY'S STREETSFederal Troops Blow Upthe Barracks Before RetreatingWASHINGTON, May 14. Tampicolias fallen into the hands of the revolutionary forces, according to a dispatch from Rear Admiral Mayo, communicated to the Navy Departmentby Hear Admiral Badger. The Federal forces have evacuated the city, andthus left one of the few remainingstrongholds of the de facto Government of Mexico in the possession ofthe enemy.Gratification was expressed at thenews in Administration circles, especially at the State Department, wherethe success of the rebel arms hasbeen prayed for fervently.Tampico succumbed to a generalassault by rebel infantry, the soldiersunder the supreme command of Generals Pablo Gonzales and Luis Caballeros advancing under heavy artilleryfire.It is impossible to estimate the number of dead, but tl)e slaughter duringthe 36 hours of the seige was horrifying, and hundreds of slain obstruct the streets.General Zaragoza's troops showedfierce resistance, making their finalstand at the abandoned Southern Hotel. Ambushed behind the pillarsportals of the old hostelry, the Federal sharpshooters picked off the rebelsby scores and prevented their ad-'vanee for some time -Eederalswerealso lodged on tne roots or tn enotei,the Customs House and other houses,the victorious rebels subduing themonly after hard and deadly iiand-to-handencounters on the parapets.General Zaragoza fought valiantlyhimself and urged his men on longaftur all chance of victory had gone.He escaped with his life.Evacuation by the Mexican Federalgarrison began at 12:50, Wednesday.The Federal troops were leaving bythe railroad.li, U, Jj,LAID TO FINAL RESTfProminent Kentuckian Who-Died in New York Buriedin PinevilleVJCTORY OF GOVERNORBECKHAM IN PRIMARYMr. T. C. Cromwell, political writer for the CincinnatiEnquirer in Kentucky, and asupporter of Mr. A. O. Stanleyfor the Senatorial nomination,in his letter Sunday concedesex-Governor Beckham's nomination in August. Mr. Cromwell is well posted on political events in Kentucky, and hesays that two out of everythree Democrats he has metare for, Beckham. The articlethrew consternation in theStan-ley camp, and it is understood that his friends areready to give it up and concede Governor1 Beckham'selection.The article, as it appeared,is as follows:"It is just twelve weeks until the State primary electionat which, on August 1, theUnited States Senatorial nominations will be made, andthis far advance of the day itseems certain that formerGovernor J. C. W. Beckham,in keeping with the forecastgiven in 'this column last December as the result of a canvass of the counties by letter,will be the choice of the DemA. O. Stanley and GovernorJames B. McCreary will, ofcourse, not agree with thestatement, for they both contend that their races are insatisfactory shape, and eachprofesses belief that he willwin. But as long as they bothcontinue in the race there isno chance for either of themto beat Beckham, unless thereshould come unexpectedlysome powerful force and reversion, and there would benow small chance df either'winning with the other out ofBeckham is crystallizing, andthe supporters of both Staning it and deploring it butthey appear powerless to stopit. About two out of everythree men one meets will saythat Beckham is certain towin the nomination, thoughmany at the same time declare that they do not intendto vote for him."CUTOMSMRUN FQR G0NGRES&Bourbon Man Will ProbablyOppose Cantrill in theAugust PrimaryCOUNCIL READYTO ACCEPT BIDSFORNEWSTREETNo Contractor Present ButBids Are to Be Submitted in Few Days"WE KNOW HOW"RESTAURANTS AREGRANTED LICENSESMayor Hinton Appoints TaxSupervisors for the Yearof 1914:iPATTtfSTVTTX.'E. KY.. May 14.John C. C. Mayo -was buried this.nioming from tl-o ..Icthodist Church'here, services beii at 10:30 o'clock.Five thousand pe.. one of the largest concourses eve . a funeral inKentucky, attended.Gov. McCreary head. a party ofState officials, while TJ. S. SenatorC. W. Watson and Congressman C. B.Slemp, of West Virginia, headed adelegation from the National Congress. A special train brought a party of capitalists from the north andeat, many of whom were connectedwith Mr. Mayo in big business enterprises. . .... .. c ,r.The train carrying uie oouy uj. j.i.Mayo arrived here at 9:30 o'clock yesterday morning on a special car. Accompanying it were Mrs. Mayo, John,13, and Margaret, 8; his father, T. J.jtfavo; a brother, Washington Mayo;a sister, Mrs. Fred Atkinson, and Mr.Atkinson; John B. Buckingham, Percv Haley, W. S. Dudley, of Carlisle,and C. J. Howes.Citizens of Paintsville, lifelongfriends of Mr. Mayo, paid their tributeof affection and respect to the deadman bv waiting at the station untilthe body was taken to the Mayo homea mile and a half away. All thestores of Paintsville were closed, and.remained so until after the funeral.DRYS ARE AWARDED THEDRY DECISION IN JESSAMINEThe Hon. Claude M. Thomas, ofParis, former State Senator from theBourbon-Clark - Montgomery district,may become a candidate for the Democratic nomination from the SeventhCongressional district to succeed theHon. J. Campbell Cantrill. No formal announcement has been made,it is ascertained from personal interviews with Mr. Thomas that he is seriously contemplating entering therace, and his friends here declare itwill be a matter of but a few days before he will cast his hat into the ring.From all reports the most encouraging support has been pledged Mr.Thomas, and calls have been issuedfrom a number of counties in the district, urging him to become a candidate. In addition to this it is said hehas been making visits to the countiesof the" district, where it is said hisstrength would not be more thanequally divided with Cantrill, andhis conference with his friends andsupporters have been of the most encouraging nature.SuDDorters of Mr. Thomas in Bour-t bon are confident, that he will be ableto put up the fight of his political career in the coming primary in August, and that he would undoubtedlycome out the victor over Cantrill.This would be due, in a great measure, to the opposition of the latter tothe Webb measure, introduced in Congress, and to the general dissatisfaction among the voters occasioned byhis activity in securing the appointment of several postmasters, in theface of endorsements against themm-esented by Democratic organizations of several counties.Although the City Council at itsregular meeting last night was readyto receive bids for the reconstructionof Main street none were presentedto the Board, but it is probable thatwithin the next few days bids forthe work will be submitted by severaldifferent construction firms and willbe taken ud at a snecial meeti'mr nfthe Council to be called by Mayor j)xaiiiLUU.Several firms have signified theirintention of bidding on the work ofresurfacing the Main street with material best suited for travel, and Mayor Hinton received information yesterday that the bid of one firm wouldbe put in his hands to-day.The Council took up the matter ofsicinnus uwiiavt) lui uie year requiredon such businesses as specified in theordinance passed at the last meetingin April. There were several rejections for restaurant license and onepool room was refused, while MaxMunich who applied for a license toconduct a junk yard was also refusedby the Board. Munich presented apetition to the Council signed by several property owners on Eight streetand vicinity, in which no objectionwas voiced. The license was refusedupon the grounds that at the lastterm of Circuit Court he was fined $50for maintaining a nuisance and an indictment against the city was returned by the grand A jury for suffering anuisance. lr . . - .James B. Craven J 1vas granted alicense to conduct a restausant .onMain street. T. F. Brannon, who applied for a licens to conduct a restaurant in connection with his saloon Avasalso refused. Henry Field was granted a license to conduct a restauranton Eighth street. Ed. Parker was refused to a license to. conduct a restaurant on Eighth street. Ratliff &Reed, granted a license to conduct arestaurant at the L. & N. depot. Jas.J. Curtis, who applied for restaurantlicense Avas refused. W. S. Orr andHammond Bros., restaurant on Tenthstreet, granted license. Paul Hanley,restaurant on Main street, granted.Paris Billiard Co. granted license toconduct pool room at the corner ofMain and Fifth streets. Steve Moore,to operate pool room in connectionwith saloon, refused license. LykinsBros, granted license to operate poolroom on Tenth street.The Improvement Committe was instructed by the Mayor to investigatethe piece of property at the end ofParrish Avenue in Henry Divisionand which separates that street andLink Avenue, with a view of purchasing it from its owners, Messrs.Hal Woodford and R. K. McCarney,and to report at the next regularmeeting of the Council. The purchaseof this property will give the city theopportunity of opening the streetthrough to Link Avenue.Mayor Hinton appointed the following as members of the Board of TaxSupervisors which were approved bythe Council: C. J. Lancaster, Wm.Thomas and Walker Muir.Mayor Hinton and the Council instructed Chief of Police Link tohave removed all wTagons and obstructions that might be left standing onside streets, and the owners will becompelled to comply with the orderstrictly. The Chief of Police was alsoinstructed to have removed from thesidewalks of Main or other streets anyboxes, barrels and displays o goodsother than those permitted by a cityordinance now in force.Straw Hat pTime Is Here !Take Off That Old Felt HatAnd put on a new Straw Hat. We have the kind that iscool, comfortable and Becoming.PanamasIn shayes to please the young man or the more conservative man. The very high crown straws, with narrowbrims with the bow on the side or back, just the thing forthe young yellow.Hopkins and Dunlap StrawsThe kind that the swell stores in the cities are showing.Come to our store to-day and select your straw while thepicking is good.Straw Hats $1 to $5-, -Panamas $3.50 to410Mitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckyjGHANGES TAKE PLACE IN L.& N. DISPATCHERS OFFICE.SEED CORNThe county unit election held inJessamine county in June, 1913, isvalid, and Jessamine county, mclud-the city ot jNicnoia&vme, wmJliQ l" -. -- - A -14-,rdry until voted wet, we pmCourt decided Tuesday in the case of;M P. Welch against W. S. Irvine.mu a carried the county by alarge majority, but it was alleged byle city WAf aj r nnpnrrArt have been returned toshould remain y?ez, as it uau i:auw ---r:7"therets that the city of Nicholasvilleshould remain .-wet, as it uauwet only two years previouslyA number of changes have takenplace during the past few days in thetrain dispatcher's office of the Louis,rni0 j& Nashville railroad company inthis city The position of assistantmaster of trains, which was held byMr W K. Griffith, lias been abolishedand Mr Griffith lias assumed m& uiuposition as train dispatcher. Mr. Henry Terrill, who was chief dispatcher,has been reduced in rank and theclerkship to the chief dispatcher heldby G F. Durant, has been abolished.Thomas McDonald, who held the position as night chief, has been transferred to the dispatcher's desk, andother members of the office force whowere advanced recently, wnwWe are selling seed corn that willgrow. Almost perfect germination.Both phones 14.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(5 may-3wks)FRANK & CO.buFnow 'Last Cut in Prices ofLadies' Ready-to Wear Garments45ay2 OFF ON,) i&MOVED TO MT. STERLING.The Mt. Sterling Gazette says:"Mrs. Margaret Evans, who has beenliving at Little Rock, Bourbon county,for the past two years, and who wasrecently burned out at that place, hasoav jau; miA. ato stiu oj paujnieidaughters, Misses Martha and Emma,and are now occupying their old homeon Richmond avenue."1 J?"!4-4445t4.-Ladies' and Misses'Woolen Suits!Sizes 34 to 44VzOFF ON ; 4Ladies' Odd Size SuitsSizes 39 to 45Vs to V2 OFF ONLadies' Silk Dressesy3TOy2 OFF ONLadies' Evening DressesVa TO yz OFF ONLadies' and Children'sSpring CoatsX'I'i'I"I"r'I',I444t4.4444tfrtheir old positions.FOR SALE PRIVATELY.I will sell privately my house andlots on the corner of Eleventh andMain streets. Possession given July1. Any one desiring to examine theproperty may call on Saturdays1.-'(15tf) W. Xu YERKES.FTCAflK 6c CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.- 3X.THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 15 1914The Bourbon News PR0GRESS BEING MADE ONSAN DIEGO EXPOSITIONfiSMSSSmftiIBi Parts Rome telephone and Cekgrapb Co(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District ManagerI Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.& Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetBourbonParis Kentucky.i&V-g'?ggM;S A,GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EIBALMER.BOTH'PHOlSnES DAI! 137; NIGHT 299.-4G'XJ;asiBhirhna!Plumbing and Elecri-cal Work in AllTheir BranchesMasda (Tungston) LampsStoves, RangesX and Appliances.I Spicer &jlI Gilchrist, fElks' Buildingt E.E. Phone, 103 JX Home Phone, 101 1When you feel ';iscouragecoufused, nevotjs. tired, worried or despondent it issure sign you need MOTT'S NERVERIK;PILLS. They renew the normal vigor arjnake life worth living. Be sure and ask fMott's Nerverine Pills ZPSJ&&WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioZi. Oberdorfer, Druggist. Paris, Ky....KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERM-fINAL COMPANY.; -u-2 .t jc-v(nterurban Schedule.J. save LexingtonFor 'Paris6.00,a mLeave Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m7:20 -a mS:00 a mS:50 a m10:20 a m111:50 am ' "fc 1:20 p m2:50 q. m& 3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m, 6:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p m v11:00 p mDaily except Sunday.10:05 p mHave You aHOME TELEPHONEOur Bourbon CountyBusiness is GrowingMore Rapidly ThanEver Before.Ask Your Neighbor About TheService, Then Let Us Figure With YouK. E. SPEARS, Commerical Manager.iWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itrtaiTar crnoc YTnr rm if.a ronii.fttation. If you are particular 5aoouc now your nnen is avlaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like to iappreciatee&wLaundry,WHOOPING COUGH."About a year ago my three boyshad whooping cough and I foundChamberlain's Cough Remedy theonly one that would relieve theircoughing and ' whooping spells. Icontinued this treatment and was sur-! in a very short time," writes Mrs.I Archie Dalrymple, of Crooksville, O.For sale by all dealers.(May) (adv)The Commonwealth Ministry ofNew South Wales is preparing 'a national insurance bill on the lines ofT.loyd George's measure.INDIGESTION? CAN'TEAT? NO APPETITE?a treatment or jaiiectric jaitters m-' creases your appetite; stops indigesJjtion; you can eat everything. A realspring tonic for liver, kidney andI stomach troubles. Cleanses yourX j whole system and you feel fine. Electric Bitters did more for Mr. T. D.Peeble's stomach than any medicinehe ever tried. Get a Dottle today.50c. and $1.00 at your druggist's.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for Eczema.(May) (adv)More than 100,000,000 cubic feet ofgas a day has been going to waste inGuthrie, Okla., where at times, fivewells have been blowing simultaneously. In order to shut off the wasteit is necessary to bore through so asto strike the well below the leak andto draw it off.IF SKIN ITCHES AND BREAKSOUT, APPLY SULPHURGet Ounce of Bold-Sulphnr Creamand Heal Eczema EruptionsRight Up.For years common bold-sulphur hasoccurred a secure position in thetreatment of cutaneous affections, byreason of its parasite-destroyingproperty. It is not only parasinoidal, but also antipruritic, antisepticand remarkably healing in irritableand inflammatory conditions of theskin. ,The moment you apply it to anitching or broken out skin the itchingstops and the healing begins, says anoted dermatologist. Just commonbold-sulphur made into a thick creameffects such prompt and remarkableresults, even in aggravated Eczemathat it is a never-ending source ofamazement to physicians.While not always establishing apermanent cure it never fails to subdue the angry itching and irritationand heal the Eczema right up and itis often years later before any eruption again appears on the skin.Any good pharmacist will supply anounce of bold-sulphur cream whichshould be applied to the irritated orinflamed parts, like the ordinary coldcreams. It isn't unpleasant and tlieprompt relief afforded is very welcome, particularly when the eruptionis accompanied with itching.. Adv.Con-SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered, at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATES'Display Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly .contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.WIDE VARIETY OF SHEEP FORFARMERS TO CHOOSE FROM.Farmers who contemplate the raising of sheep on their farms are urgedby the United States Department ofAgriculture to give considerablethought to the selection of a breed.In all there are thirty breeds of improved sheep that have been broughtto fixed types. Of these twelve arealready well established in the UnitedStates and others are gaining in popularity. Each has its own points ofsuperiority and the farmer must beguided in his choice by the individualconditions, bearing in mind, however,the fact that any breed is superior tono breed.Although it is hardly to be expectedthat every farmer in a neighborhoodwill select the same breed of sheep,there are several advantages to bederived from a number doing so. Forexample, new rams can be purchasedfor the common benefit when any individual owner might well hesitate atthe expense, and if the lambs areready in large numbers for marketat the same time, they may be shippedcheaply by the carload of the buyersmay find it worth their whil eto comeafter them.In selecting a breed it should be remembered that no system of sheepfarming is likely to be long successful which leaves out of account eitherwool or mutton. One or the other,however, may well be emphasized according to local conditions. Thus ifpasturage is sparse, feed expensiveand marketing arrangements poor,wool will naturally be the first consideration. On the other hand, wherecondition are more favorable, a breedwill be selected for its mutton qualities. Even then, however, there is awide latitude of choice.In order to assist the farmer inIn order to assist the farmer the Agricultural Department has publishment of Agriculture has just published Farmers' Bulletin 576, "Breeds ofSheep for the Farm," descriptions ofthe Secretaries of various breedingassociations, from whom additionalinformation can be obtained. Thesebreeds may be divided into threemain groops, the Middle Wool, theLong Wool and the Fine Wool. Allthe Middle Wool breeds have beendeveloped primarily for mutton. TheLong Wools also are bred chiefly formutton. They are the largest of allsheep and thrive bestt where food canbe obtained without much travel.They do well also in regions of excessive rainfall. The Fine Wools, including the American Merinos andthe Rambouilett, have been bred almost entirely for their wool alone.Some of these many breeds, saysthe bulletin, should be selected andmaintained, for it is rearely geed policy to cross sheep.SICK HEADACHE.Mrs. A. L. Luckie, East Rochester,N. Y., was a victim of sick headacheand despondency, caused by a badlyweakened and debilitated condition ofher stomach, when she began takingChamberlain's Tablets. She says: "Ifound them plasantto take, also mildand effective. In a few weeks' time Iwas restored to my former goodhealth." For sale by all dealers.(May) (adv)Investigation in North Carolina hasshown that school attendance in cotton mill communities is always lowerthan in rural or even mountain districts. RESULTS THAT REMAINAre Appreciated By Paris People.Established 188132 Years oftinouous Publication.Thousands who suffer from backache-and kidney complaint have triedone remedy after another, finding onlytemporary benefit. This is discouraging, but there is one kidney medicine that has earned a reputation forlasting results and' there is plenty ofproof ,of its merits right here in Paris.Here is the testimony of one whoused Doan's Kidney Pills years ago,and now makes her testimony evenstronger.Mrs. J. T. Martin, Pleasant andEleventh streets, Paris, Ky., says: "Isuffered quite severely from painsacross the small of my back, and inmy kidney. The trouble alarmed meand I tried many medicines. I did notget relief, however, until I procuredDoan's Kidney Pills at Wilson's (nowButler & Co's) drug store. They improved my condition in every way.All I have ever said praising Doan'sKidney Pills was entirely "correct andI confirm my former endorsement ofthis remedy. They permanentlycured me of kidney trouble."Price 50c. at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin had. Foster-Milburri Co.,Props., Buffalo, New York..(adv).SAN DIEGO, CAL., May 13. Withthe formal acceptance by San Diego'sPanama-California Exposition of thework on the big Southern Californiabuilding, the progress of the construction on the grounds has received astrong impetus.This structure, representing theseven southern counties of the State,is the first of the county or Statebuildings to be completed. It is animpotant feature of the entire architectural scheme, standing dominantlyalmost at the east entrance to thegrounds, on the spot where the visitors will continue straight ahead idown the Isthmus, where lie theamusement concessions, and the Alameda, along which are scattered theoutdoor exhibits, or turn to the westand proceed down, the Prado.The exposition buildings along thePrado are rapidly approaching completion. The Home Economy, Artsaland Crafts and Science and Educational buildings are already finished,and theplaster is now going on theForeign Arts, Botanical, Commerceand Industries, and varied industriesand food products buildings. The administration building, the fire stationand the hqspital, of course, have longbeen occupied.But all these buildings are those ofthe main Exposition. The significance of the smooth, clean floors andwalls of the Southern Californiabuilding is that here is the first of theState and county buildings to makeits formal bow to the world. It heralds the completion of the other Stateand county buildings, mainly to riseabout the Plaza International and onthe plateau lying between the Cabrillo and Espagnol canyons, dedicatedto the work of bringing before theworld the unlimited possibilities ofthe great West.In this great group the buildings ofthe San Poaquin Valley and the Stateof New Mexico are already well advanced. The latter is a reproductionof the great adobe mission at Acoma,built in 1699 to replace the firstchurch, dating back to 1629 ,whenFray Juan Ramirez, began his longresidence in the pueblo. The reproduction stands at the edge of the Cabrillo canyon overlooking the lagunaand the lofty Puente Cabrillo of theseven arches.As the new buildings approach completion, plans will be made for ceremonies similar to those attending theacceptance of the Southern Californiastructure. For this occasion therecame the supervisors of the sevencounties, the Exposition officials andmany members of the San DiegoChamber of Commerce, all to sitabout the table in the main hall forthe first formal luncheon served insuch a building. The installation ofthe 'exhibits will start shortly, to hefinished probably by September, thatthe flowers and vines may be fully.grown by the time the Expositionopens on January 1, 1915, to continuethrough the year.The Rotary Clubs i of Californiahave taken up the idea of Fred Golding of the Los Angeles Rotary Cluband joined enthusiastically in the porgram for telling the East, Canada andGreat Britain about the Panama-California Exposition. The program isas novel as is the formation of theRotary Club, whose membership Isrestricted to one representative ofeach line of endeavor in the community the individual club serves.Roger M. Andrews, president of theLos Angeles Rotray Club, will startshortly on a tour of the various clubsof the organization scattered throughthe country, bearing with him agolden wheel, the insignia of the club.Between the spokes will be smallerwheels, representing the seven California cities where the Rotary clubsare established. As Mr. Andrewscompletes his visit to each Easterncity there will be added a miniaturewheel to the rim.Everywhere he will tell what SanDiego is going to show to the worldin 1915. The expense of the trip, tostart in a few weeks, will approximate$10,000. The Rotray Clubs of thecountry will hold their meeting inHouston, Texas, in June, and a largefaction is urging that at that meetingthe National organization 'decide tomeet next year in San Diego.USE "TIZ" FOR SORE,TIRED, SWEATY FEET."TIZ" makes sore, burning, tiredfeet fairly dance with delight. Awaygo the aches and pains, the corns,callouses, blisters and bunions."TIZ" drawsout the acidsand poisons thatpuff up your feet.No matter .howhard you work,how long youdance, how faryou walk, or howlong you remainon your feet,"TIZ"brings restful foot comfort.TIZ" is wonderful for tired, aching,swollen, smarting feet. Your feet justtinge for joy; shoes never hurt orseem tight.Get a 25 cent box of "TIZ" nowfrom any druggist or departmentstore .End foot torture forever wearsmaller-shoes, keep your .feet fresh,sweet and happy. Just think! awhole year's foot comfort for only 25cents.(No. 2-fri)HAPPY MOTHERHOODThehappinessof motherhood istoooftenchecked because the mother's strength isnot equal to her cares, while her unselfishdevotion neglects her own health.It is a duty of husband or friend to seethat she gets the pure medicinal nourishment in Scott's Emulsion, which is nota drug or stimulant but nature's concentrated oil-food tonic to enrich and enliven the blood, strengthen the nerves andaid the appetite, physicians everywhereprescribe Scott's Emulsion for overworked, nervous, tired women; it buildsup and holds up their strength.Get Scott's at your nearest drug sWq,Opportunity Knocks But Once atYour Door. It is KnotkinT0 MiNow Ss the time to think of your nextWinter's Coal.Cheaper now than any time duringthe year. Avail yourselves now.Dodson o DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St.P2X&kS5G&POPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSunday, May 1 7I SCENERY RECREATION MUSICTickets sold at GEORGETOWN goodApply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further information.H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.sSundaySpring Lamband the BestHome-Killed Meatson the MarketBaldwin5Bros.,Paris, Kentucky:2 Both Phones32INSURANCE- AGAINSTFIRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGI W. 0. HINTON, !X v AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,X Prompt-Paying Companies, see Xme.?SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxton Toilet Co., Boston, Mass..The Paris, France History Museumhas passed resolutions calling for aninternational commission to investigate the threatened extinction of thewhale, v93Both Phones 140only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 am. HisoooCANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.nitMiummmmmnSpruce UpNow is the time to haveyour wearing apparel clean8 ed and put in order forJ Spring.We Do the Workj Right.2 Comparison will afford2 you an opportunity tojudge.2 Give Us a Trial.f ELECTRICl DRY GLEANIG GO.C&hal 4 Applegate, Props.627 Main St., Paris, Ky.Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)"3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths, at-AHoursNo Long Waits,A Share of the Public Pal.ronage Solicited.Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 51-i Main Street.Office Phones j Jffe.Residence j e8i.omDR. A. U KELIJEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's BidParig - - KentuckjJ J. WILLIAMS,ATTOIOraY-AT-LAW,3oom 1 Elks BuildinV f,r - ?ATHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, MAY 15. 1914VC4JCf.3.4Xfc. frfrtfrfrliMfrfryfrfrgMfrfrfrcfrtfrtfrfrfrlftttflffrlfrtf EROLUmost delightfui resting place. The word Aerolux means air and light, yetthey offer perfect seclusion. They do not cost any more than any otherShade and will last longer. Phone us your order and we will send a manto measure your porch and and will hang shadesR efrigerators !THE NEW ICEBERGis the kind to protect your families health.Buy one of our New Iceberg Refrigerators,The Big Ice SaversLet us show you one of them.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and ThirdItX'tS'CCI4frX,sMI'CtI'CC'frfrifrl'iIv 2T- V" wwt.'r''" l.-!,1 i ',"""-. V--m4mTiriT fila stainr:.-.iIn rc-nnisfring old uirartuie. first r-rr.ove theor'rhia! iinish wijh ShenvinWiUizms Tcxf'ie, paint andvarnish tcia. er. Easy to applyC. A. DAUGHERTYRECEIVING CERTIFICATESACCORDING TO CUSTOM.Certificates of authority of all theforeign fire insurance companies todo business in Kentucky will expireJune 30, the close of the fiscal year.These certificates are renewed annually by the State Insurance Department without application if the companies have complied with the lawsand are considered financially sound.There has been no intimation of anyintention of the insurance department to refuse a certificate to any ofthe companies which have not voluntarily asked for the cancellation oftheir certificates, and as their agentslicenses have expired many of thecompanies which gave notice thatthey had suspended writing businessin Kentucky have applied for the renewal of their agents' licenses. It isintimated as unlikely that the presentsituation will be further aggrevatedby drastic action in regard to noncompliance with the regulations ofthe rating board when the' time comesfor renewing certificates of( authority to do business.Distilleries are experiencing littletrouble in securing insurance on theirwarehouse stocks, according to thebankers. Brokers, who give bond tosecure the premium tax, are authorized to insure risks in unauthorizedcompanies, and a Frankfort brokersaid that- lie .had pfcftxyid' hundreds ofthousands of doUars'&ctfth insurancelr ROPS. kind. It you havehad trouble in keeping the ice bill from being solarge, try the New Iceberg. $9 to $35.GoCarts and SulkiesJust received a largeshipment of Go-Cartsand Sulkies for the baby$2.50 up to $25CHAS. GREEN, Mgr.X'mXI"I'ImI'I,I'"I,2I'I""2"ImS"Im'Io give a New Finish toOld Furniture.Every housewife has one or morepieces of old furniture that would be"good as new" if refinished. To havethe work done would be too expensive. She can do the job herself andet splendid results withSherwin-Williamsand varnish combined thatgives a handsome finish and wearsdurably. It preserves the beauty ofthe actual grain of the wood and doesnot fade oiit, as do so many of thefugitive dye stains on the market. Awide variety of shades offer opportu-.nitv for almost any finish desired.on whisky; but he has been unableto get insurance on commercial risksand tobacco. The whisky is a betterrisk, he said, and outside companieswill take this, when they will not takea chance on a merchant's stock ofgoods or tobacco or real estate risks.There are less than a dozen brokers'licenses issued in Kentucky.Thelast act passed by the GeneralAssembly was designed to alleviatean anticipated situation such as confronts Kentucky now. It authorizesKentucky companies to reinsure theirrisks in foreign companies not licensed to do business in the State, subject to the approval of the State Insurance Department, and on condition that the Kentucky company paysthe 2 per cent, premiunm tax. Thispractically expands the capacity of local companies for liandling the business to the extent of the added resources of the underwriting company.How far this will go toward takingcare of the risks remains to be seen.There are seven stoclf companies inKentucky, either authorized tif do business or in process of organization;three mutual and wenty-six assessment companies, according to the lastreport of the Insuarnce Department.Philadelphia has three living, veterans of the Mexican war of 1847 J.B. Wilson, 90; I. Williams, 88, andi. Manypenny, 90. ,Aeroluxffo WhipShadeOn a Hot, Sultryafternoon when thewind and sun aredisagreeable theAerolux No WhipShade transformyour porch into the,The ew Iceberg,- jOpp. Court HouseFRIEDMAN CURE HASPROVED A FAILURE.WASHINGTON, May 10. Afterobserving patients who have beentreated with Dr. Frederick F. Friedmann's vacine for fourteen months,Dr. Manheimer, of New York, declared that this so-called cure for tuberculosis has exhibited neither curative nor preventative powers. Hemade his report before the clinicalsection of the National Associationfor the Study and Prevention of Tuberculosis,, now in session here."In March, 1913," said Dr. Manhimer, "eighteen patients were treated under my supervision. Of thesefifteen can be followed up, and ofthat number three are dead. Thenumber of injections in these caseswere one, two and four respectively.Of the remaining twelve patients, tenreceived one, and two received fourinjections. Five of the ten patientswho received one injection developedabsesses at the site of the injectionand were, therefore, unsuitable forfurther injections, according to the inventor. The other five patients werenot reinjected, either because theydid not see the improvement theyhad been led to expect or becausethey had become worse and had lostconfidence in Friedmann. As to theirpresent condition,, five of them are! now unchanged and five are worsethan a year ago."One patient who had four injections feels well and presents signsof an arrested lung process, but hehas not gained in weight and has developed a new tuberculosus processin another part of the body."The second patient with four injections has tuberculosis of the kneejoint and is now decidedly worse thanbefore."The infiltrate of the fourth injection broke down and discharged pus."Where absesses resulted at thesite of the first injection, the vaccine apparently produced on additonal harmful efiect. The disease remained uninfluenced."Friedmann neglected to preventabsesses formation, although heclaimed to know how. To be verycharitable, one might judge from onesingle case, that decided natural healing tendencies, aided by commonsense treatment, will not be hinderedby the remedy."When in a quiescent case the firstsubjective and objective symptomsof a new outbreak appear, and onenaturally wishes to check it, the remedy is absolutely worthless for, thatpurpose. It, cannot prevent the tendency to spread, if a case is so disposed. The method of its administration has been anything but carefuland intelligent. For these reasons,and on account of the absence of curative and preventative powers in thisseries, it cannot be recommended.'Switzerland, in '1912, imported$579,000 worth of lumber from theUnited States. ' v'Ill v WW-'WWijuii P 1 "'"if ,f1T" 1 1il i j U L IJlbtMR. LEWIS A. RIFFLE tells hisexperience ytifh coughs and coldsthat lead to ccrvousncss and debility.Colds are oftenaggravated during the Summerbecause inactivebowels and astomach out oforder are primecauses in Keeping a cold fromgetting well.Pe-ru-na hasvery beneficiallaxative qualities that neutral- .ize such condi- Mr Lew,s R,ffIetions. Its tonic ingredients tone upthe system, and thus invigorate thestomach's functions to normal activity. Mr. Riffle's experience is especiallyinteresting at this time of the year because it shows the close relationshipthere is between a nervous breakdownand a neglected cold. jPe-ru-na should be kept in the homeat all times, that a cold upon its firsjtappearance may be treated promptlyand successfully. This often savesmoney and time, and what is moreimportant, a great deal of vitality.Mr. Riffle, -of 758 Gautenbein Ave.,Portland, Ore., writes: "I have foundPe-ru-na a most remarkable medicine for building up the system andfor curing coughs and colds."I took it for four weeks a fewmonths ago when I was all run dow,nervous and debilitated, and it quickerrestored my health."I always keep it on hand, as a fewdoses will cure a cold if taken in time.''People who object to liquid medl-(cines can now; obtain Pe-ru-naiTablets. m .STRANGE.Bad paradoxes we have passed,But this one is the worst;You cannot make your money lastUntil you make it first.Cincinnati Enquirer.And here's another little quipThat gives my mind a jar;,That cargoes often go by ship,While shipments go by car.New York Mail.COUGHED FOR THREE YEARS"I am a lover of' your Godsend to humanity and science. Your medicine,Dr. King's New Discovery, cured mycough of three years' standing," saysJennie Flemming, of New Dover, O.,Have you an annoying cough? Is itstubborn and won't -yield to treatment? Get a 50c. bottle of Dr. King'sNew Discovery today. What it didfor Jennie Flemming it will do for youno mnt.tfir how stubborn or chronica cough may be. It stops a cough andstops throat and lung trouble Reliefor money back. 50c. and $1.00 atyour druggist's.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for Pimples.(May) (adv),E EYE SiGOOD FOR THE EYES-AND EYES ONLYEAGLE EYES?Do yon tliink that watery matteryeyes are natural? Bo you believetliat styes, granulated lids, poorsight, growths, are natural? UseEAGLE ETE SAIiVE and you haveEagle Eyes again.For Sal? by All Druggists.v"-""-t-r'-.s"'5BBBnCt. HSMSSSSSvVSkHA. rfZS ,Ut5K&t i iHvrrLAG!iJiiJijjSiJinijiHiiiiiiiiiirililiiliiliiiSiiiiiiiliiiilliillllliillilllllllllllllllinYou can wear these corsetsthroughout the day without a distressed and thoroughly tired out feeling,TEE extra strength of materialsused in Rengo Belt corsetsgives support that is particularlyrestful when the garments are adjusted to reduce the excess fleshat the back, hips and abdomen. Noother corsets have the strength to holdtheir shape so long under these tryingconditions. With the elastic webbinginserts over the thighs and at back,freedom is allowed exactly where neededstout women are dancing, and bendingin these corsets with perfect grace andwonderful comfort.The boning is of double watch springsteels very pliable but extra strongand is guaranteed not to rust. Thecrowning 'feature of Rengo Belt corsets is theirthoroughly strong materials and tailoring without which all other reducing corsets fail.3i!inil!IHilililll!l!llll!!llli!ll!ll!HH!ll!iiCHAM&ERLAIN'S LINIMENT.This preparation is intended especially for rheumatism, lame back,sprains and like ailments. It is a favorite with people who are well acquainted with its splendid qualities.Mrs. Charles Tanner, "Wabash, Ind.,says of it: "I have found. Chamberlain's Liniment the best thing forlame back and sprains that I haveever used. It works like a charm andrelieves pain and soreness. It hasbeen used by others of my family aswell as myself for upwards of twentyyears." 25 and 50 cent bottles. Forsale by all dealers.(May; (adv)Some day there won't be suchthings as divorces. But it will bewhen women won't believe a blamedthing that a man says before marriageand will believe everything he saysafter marriage.KEEP THE BOWELMOVEMENT REGULARDr. King's New Life Pills keep thestomach, liver and kidneys in ahealthy condition. Rid the body ofpoisons and waste. Improve yourcomplexion by flushing the liver andkidneys. "I got more relief from onebox of Dr. King's New Life Pills thanany medicine I ever tried," says C. E.Hatfield, of Chicago, 111. 25c, atyour druggist's.(May) (adv)FOR A TORPID LIVER."I have used Chamberlain's Tablets)ff and on for the past six yearswhenever my liver shows signs of beng in a disordered condition. Theylave always acted quickly and givenne the desired relief," writes Mrs.P. H. Trubus, Springville, N. Y. Forsale by all dealers.(May) (adv)Here is something to worry about.A. woman isn't wearing half as much2lothes as she did ten years ago, andyet it costs more, to dress her nowthan it did then.CHILD CROSS? FEVERISH? SICK?A cross, peevish, listless child, withcoated tongue, pale, doesn't sleep,eats sometimes very little, then againravenously; stomach sour; breathfetid; fetid; pains in stomach, with,diarrhea; grinds teeth while asleep,and starts up with terror all suggesta Worm Killer something that expelsworms, and almost every child hasthem. Kickagoo Worm Killer isneeded. Get a box today. Start atonce. You won't have to coax, asKickapoo Worm Killer is a candy confection. Expels the worms, the causeof your child's troubles. 25c. at yourdruggist's.(May) (adv)A man is a conscious animal. If aconductor won't accept a transfer because the time limit has expired, Mr.Man gets up on his hind legs andhaughtily refuses to be Bobbed bypaying a nickel fare. No, sir. He'llget off and walk first. And he willstop at 31 saloons and spend a dollarin each place Indignating AboutHigh-Handed Outrages PerpetratedUpon the Common People.r.jviw ni;T.a RfioTiTnn.tiBTn. Sore Muscles. Neuralgia, Backache, Headache end.11 .;:. Vniir mnnuT hllPt It II lailB IU 'lieva any ache in any part o the doo. i ffjfifteen minutes time. .Free Miopia and circular tent on requeit.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY, ..342 East Main St., Lexington, Ky.&si T?WfCiI . I ACo01nnofsf.er5' FRANK & CO. jir nitn4U3gppSLet your Faintermake this testTake twobrushfulls of paint oneof "High Standard" and one of theother brand and see for yourself hovr.much farther4 'High Standard" goe3.Then figure how much less paint itwould require to cover your buildingwhen you use7CWCHihSUndaidUQUID-PAJWthe paint of proven performance. Youwill see that even if it cost more pergallon it will still cost less by the job.For the paint that jfive3 best resultsalways look for the "Little Blue Fla" onthe label. You will get a job of paintingthat will retain its freshness and beautyandgie your building the best protection"from the destructive action of the elements.Come in and ask us for informationabout painting, color cards and booklets.C. E. BUTLER & CO.,Paris, Ky.Nothing is more important In thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by Retting the oil that burn3clear and clean without a . flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Cents no more than the Inferiortnnkwacon oils saves MONEY savesAVORK "avei eves.Your dealer nas SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chss. C. StoII Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.Wft SPll thf- ri1tY:TitaA "Vn ParW$ An- rmA NEAT BARBER SHOP.Mr. Carl Crawford has opened up anew and cozy barber shop at the corner of Fourth and Main streets. Newfurniture, sterilizers, hot water heaters, etc. Mr. Crawfo'rd and anothercapable barber are in charge and areready to take care of the wnts of theparticular men. Mr. Crawford invitesall his old customers and the generalpublic to visit him in his new place.(24-tff)zVIAvRENGOI BELT ifEATURE jif(ru v nW the Lamp Oil that JW Saves Eyes 1this bv eettine the oil that burn 1cniae on renned to perfection. m- ,. fttTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., MAY 15 19144444444-444The Fact RemainsNo amount of misrepresentation by thepeddlers of alum baking powders, no juggling with chemicals, or pretended analysis,or cooked-up certificates, or falsehoods ofany kind, can change the fact thatRoyal Baking Powderhas been found by the official examinations to be of thehighest leavening efficiency,free from alum, and of absolutepurity and whblesomeness.Royal Baking Powder is indispensablefor making finest and most economical food.44.4Tt..j.g....tt4.444'i4'S,,"i,',l"S"PUBLIC SALEPRESBYTERIAN LADIES TO RUNEXCURSION TO MAMMOTH CAVEMr. W. T. Bryant, of Russellville,excursion agent for the Louisville &Nashville railroad, was in the cityyesterday making arrangement to runan excursion to Mammoth Cave underthe auspices of the ladies of the Presbyterian Church. The excursionwill be run on June 15, and it is expected a large party will take advantage of the low rates that will be offered. During the next month the ladiesof the church will devote their timeto getting up the party.NEW SUPERINTENDENT FORTHE METROPOLITAN LIFEOFBourbon College BuildingAnd PremisesANDSixteen Building Lots,At College Hill Place, Paris, Ky.I will offer at Public Auction the BourbonCollege Building and Premises; also, SixteenBuilding Lots, onThursday, May 21, 1914,to the highest bidder, sale beginningAT 2:30 P. M.The College Building and Grounds, which includes about 1.58 acres,well equipped for operation as a Private School, College or an Apartment House, having all modem- conveniences, including hot waterheating plant in good condition.The Sixteen Building Lots will front on Pine-Crest Avenue, whichwill run from Cypress Street to the extension of Walker Avenue infront of the College Building.This Addition will be one of the most desirable ever offered inParis for home building sites." The lots are located on College Hill, the highest point in the city,and have natural drainage, and convenient to the business part of thecity, railroad station, car line, churches and schools. The groundshave fine shade trees, which require a long time to produce.Sanitary Sewers have been installed and water connections made;natural gas and electric light on ground.Never before in the history of the city has such an opportunitybeen offered the home builders to obtain lots having such advantages.Plats of the property, showing size of lots and location of streets,can be seen at my office or the office of Harris & Speakes. The publicis cordially invited to inspect the property, .including the CollegeBuilding, which will be shown to them by Mrs. Thompson, presidentof the college.The lots will be sold only to white persons, and to persons who desire to build residences of not less than 2,000 in value. The smallcottage that is on the premises will also be sold on condition that smebe removed fr,om premises within thirty days from date of sale.TERMS OF SALE WILL BE: One-third cash and the balance intwo equal payments in one and two years from date,, evidenced bypromissory notes bearing interest at 6 per cent, per annum from dateof sale until paid, and secured by lien on premises, with privilege ofpaying all cash.CLIFTON ARNSPARGER.HARRIS & SPEAKES and M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneers.'44!.4.4IMI,2IC'I'CC,,IC'C,4,,2M2'S''wiS'SIMr. C. B. Wiles, of Akron, O., hasbeen appointed Superintendent of theParis ofnee of the Metropolitan LifeInsurance Company, and assumedcharge of his duties.Mr. Wiles succeeds Mr. J. F. Dutton, who has been promoted to a similar , position with the company, withheadquarters at Frankfort, Ky. Mr.Dutton has gone to Crab OrchardSprings for a two-weeks' stay beforetaking charge of the new office atFrankfort.EATHSNOTED SADDLE SIRE SOLDTO NEW YORKER FOR $10,000Emerald- Chief Stock Farm, Montgomery county, Wednesday completedthe sale of the noted saddle horsesire Golden King to E. O. Ashley, ofAdirondack Farms, Green Falls, N.Y. The price paid was $10,000. The"horse is the sire of the sensationalharness mare Golden Girl and othernoted performers. He will be shippedto New York within the next fewdays. Golden King was sired byBourbon Chief, dam by Wilson King,and is one of the most fashionablybred stallions in the world.NOTICE TO STOCKMEN.List your stock in M. J. Murphy'smonthly combination sales. Plenty ofbuyers always on hand. We can sellyour horses, mules, ponies, cows, cattle, hogs, sheep and poultry at goodprices. Next sale will be held on Monday, June 1, county court day.. (21ap-tf)RELGQUSCalendar for the Methodistchurch for Sunday, May 17:9:80 a. m. Sunday school.10:45 a. m. Annual Children's DayExercises.6:45 p. m. Epworth League. Subject, "A Song of Religious Aspiration." 7:30 p. m. Sermon, ReV. J. S.pastor.The Ladies' Missionary Societyof the Presbyterian Church will meetwith Mrs. Eliza Tucker at her homeon High street on Monday afternoonat 2:30 o'clock. A full attendance isrequested. ,McLEODj.Mrs. Mary G. McLeod, aged 76years, died Wednesday afternoon atthe home of her daughter, Mrs. J. W.Jacoby, which is the old McLeodhomestead, iri the Hutchison neighborhood. Mrs. McLeod was the widow of Mr.James McLeod, who was a prominentfarmer of Bourbon. Before her marriage to Mr. McLeod, which occurredin 1859, she was Miss Mary G. Penn,daughter of Joseph Penn, and was asister of Mr. vLee R. Penn, who survives. Mrs. McLeod had been in declininghealth for several months, but was seriously ill only about ten days. Herdeath was due to the infirmities ofold age. She is survived by sevenchildren, four daughters, Mrs. J. W.Jacoby, Mrs. M. R. Jacoby, Mrs. Jno.Donaldson, and Mrs. Hall Snell, all ofnear Hutchison; three sons, JohnMcLeod, of Chilesburg; George McLeod, of Centerville; James McLeod,of Fayette county.. The funeral will be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock, at the residence.Services will be conducted by Rev. J.J. Dickey, of the Methodist church.Burial will be in the Paris cemetery.The pall-bearers will be Charles V.Higgins, William Wood, Joseph Jacoby, George Jacoby, Lute Jacoby,and Brutus Wheat..ti iFormerly Kaufman. Straus & Co.Wolf. WM Co.:xLexington, Kentucky t!GAY.Robert Gay, a prominent retiredfarmer died at his home in Winchester Tuesday morning, after a longillness of heart trouble. He wasprominently connected for a numberof years with the formation and management of the Burley Tobacco Society. He is survived by his wife,mother, Mrs. Mattie Gay, one brother,Warwick Gay, and one sister, Mrs.James Burnam, of Richmond.DANIELS.Mrs. Eleanor Daniels, daughter ofMr. James Arnold, of Covington, diedat her home in Atlanta, Ga., yesterday morning at 4 o'clock. Peritonitiswas the cause. Mr. Arnold received amessage yesterday announcing herdeath, and Miss Lucy Arnold and herbrother, E. F. Arnold, passed throughParis yesterday for Atlanta. Thebody will be brought to this city forburial.REDUCED PRICES ON SUITS.$25 Suits during Simon's May Economy Sale at $14.75.BREATHITT MAN GOESFREE AT HARRODS3URGCOMMITTEES APPOINTED TOENTERTAIN EPWORTH LEAGUE1 PARIS,4,CC424s4w2tIC2C'04r44,4,,t,g4i5jMonday,c7Way ...18I'TTVVVvFrom Ezmile Zolas9 Great Novel"GERMINAL!"ORTHE TOLL OF LABOR"In Five Bis Parts,and"The Price of the Necklace,"An Edison Drama in Two Parts, Featuring Mr.Charles Ogle.On account of this being a very long- program, therewill be only two performances, starting promptly at 7:00and 8:45 p. m. Come early if you want a seat.ADMISSION: Lower floor 20c, Balcony 10c, Gallery 5cfTTTTTrTPresident Dennis V. Snapp, of theParis Epworth League, is arrangingfor the entertainment of the KentuckyConference Epworth "League here inJune, has appointed the followingcommittees, in addition to those previously announced:Advisory Committee Mrs. H. A.Power, Miss Mattie Lilleston, Mrs.Jas. Grinnell, Jr., and Mr. H. A.Power.Refreshment Committee Mrs. Robert Mclntire, Chairman; Mrs. GeorgeEllis, Mrs. Edgar Tingle, Mrs. N. H.Ecklar.Upon the Advisory Committee fallsthe most important work of all thecommittees, in that it is to assist thepresident in all his work, and in assigning the delegates to the differenthomes secured for them.The ladies of the church have decided to serve dinners at the churchto the delegates and visitors, and thiscommittee is appointed to supervisethis work.CHOICE LOTSOnly sixteen choice lots will be soldat College Hill sale on next Thursdayafternoon. All good ones.PREPARATIONS BEING MADETO ENTERTAIN C. W. B. MExtensive preparations are beingmade by the local Christian churcheslooking to the entertainment of theDistrict C. W. B. M. and SundaySchool Conventions in this city onTuesday and Wednesday, May 19 and20. The district comprises the countiesof Bath, Bourbon, Clark, Harrison,Montgomery and Nicholas, and delegates from each Mission Board andSunday school will be present. Thefollowing is the program for the C. W.IB. M. Day as arranged by Miss AnnieMay, of this city, the District Secretary: MORNING SESSION.8:30 Devotional Periods, conducted by Miss Sallie V. Ashbrook.8:50 "Morning" Watch," emphasizing prayer, Mrs. S. Dixon.9 : 00 Reports from auxiliaries,circles and bands.10 : 00 Conference conducted byMiss Grafton, Miss Hearne and Mrs.Campbell.11:00 Special Music.11:10 Address by Mr. H.i'J. . Berthick. 11. 50 Appointment of Committees.Announcements.Adjournment.AFTERNOON SESSION.1:30 Devotional Period, conductedrby Mrs. C. O. Wilmoth.1:45 Reports of Committees,-. 2:00 Children's Work, Mrs. MkrySmith Walden and Miss Willie Boardman. 3:00 Special Music. ''3:10 Address, Miss Allena Grafton.3:50 Benediction.EVENING- SESSION.(State Missions Program.) '730 Praise. '7:,4 5 Devotional. .8:00 Address, "The Call of Kentncky," H. W. Elliott.After twenty-five minutes' deliberation, the jury in the case of A. Harry Patten, on trial in the Mercer Cirsubornation of perjury, returned averdict of not guilty. Patten is aprominent attorney of Breathittcounty, but the case was taken toHarrodsburg on a change of venue.It was the fourth time the case hadbeen, called, but it was postponedthree times. There was a big crowdof Patten's friends in the court roomwho cheered the verdict. The juryhad been in charge of the sherifffour days and four nights.JURY RETURNS VERDICT. OF ACCIDENTAL DEATHCoroner Rudolph Davis on Wednesday afternoon before a jury conductedan investigation into the death of Mr.G. N. McKenney, who was killed lastSaturday morning in the yard of theLouisville & Nashville railroad whenhe fell beneath an engine which heattempted to board. Three witnesses,Jesse Fuller, an engine hostler, Wm.Brennan, fireman on the locomotive,and Bosley Parrish, a call boy, whowitnessed the accident, were examined and upon the statements they gavethe jury returned a verdict of accidental death.THREE STATE HOSPITALSSAID TO BE OVERCROWDEDCrowding of the State Hospitalshas progressed to such an extent thatthe State Board of Control is serirefusing admission to people committed to the institution.Lakeland has 1,600 inmates, 100more than its normal capacity; Hopkinsville has 1,200, although, its capacity . is only l.luO, and Lexingtonhas 1,250, which is 150 more than itcan satisfactorily take care of.The dormitories are overcrowdedand every foot of available room isutilized as quarters for the inmates.It is said that counties are emptyingtheir almshouses ofharmless weakminded into the institutions, victimsof the drug and liquod habits are declared insane and sent there and theincrease is greater than the numberof those restored and sent home andthose that die.LOCAL MEN INCORPORATENURSES' TRAINING SCHOOLArticles incorporating the BourbonTraining School for Nurses have beenfiled in the office of County ClerkPearce Paton, in this city. The incorporators are Dr. Frank Fithian,Dr. F. L. Lapsley, .Dr. J. T. Vansant,W. L. Yerkes and J. W. Davis. Theo"bject and purpose of the -corporationis to fit persons for nursing,waiting upon and attending sick andschool will, nave no capital stock, andwill' be conducted" in connection with'the W. W. Massie Hospital, in thiscity.The corporation will have authorityto make by-laws, rules and regulations for the conduct and governmentof the school, course of study, training 'and instruction, as will be necessary to properly prepare students Jlodischarge the duties of professionalnurses. "The corporation officials,which will consist of a General Manager, Secretary and Treasurer, willhave power to issue and grant diplomas and certificates of graduation tothe students when they have hacl sufficient training.The articles of incorporation provide that the Bourbon TrainingSchool for Nurses should commencebusiness at once and continue for aperiod of twenty-five years.Clearance of AllSpring SuitsFor Women IEvery woman who can use a new Suit thisSpring should avail herself of the remarkably low-i - rr i ri oiprices mat are orrerea in our Clearance otue nowgoing on.Omentire stock of lightweight Spring Woolen.Suits are on sale at drastically lowered prices-abouta third less than usual.The deptn of reductions is shown by the following iow pricei:All $17.50 and $20.00 SuitsReduced toAll $25.00 to $30.00 SuitsReduced toAll $35.00 to $45.00 SuitsReduced toAll $50.00 to $85.00 SuitsReduced to$12.75$19.75$25.00$32.50oAlterations FreeI Wolf, Wile d Co.formerly Jfaufmanj Straus dc Co.exington,yrmmt wmhb wftt l" w rl.lv i'Un fcJIlU tt lllvf ftWThe newest and smartest Pumbs in Patent,Dull Kid and Gun Metal, in Colonial andBulgarian styles, with the new Louis and SpoolHeels.Also Baby Doll Pumps in Patent and GunMetal. Come to us to be fitted.Geo. . Mc Williams,L Phones 301 The Shoe Man ISPECIAL HOSIERY OFFER.Guaranteed We'ar-Ever Hosiery ForMen and. Women. Special Ladies' Offer.For Limited Time OnlySix pair of our finest 35c value -ladies'guaranteed hose in black, tanor white colors, with written guarantee, tor 1-1.00 and. 10c for postage,,etc.- -SPECIAL OFFER FOR MENFor a limited time only, six pairsof our finest 35c. value GuaranteedHose, any color, with written guarantee and a pair of our well-knownMen's Paradise Garters for One Dollar and 10c. for postage, etc.You know these hose; they stoodthe test when others failed. Theygive real foot comfort. They have noseams to rip. They never becomelose and baggy, as the shape is knitin, not pressed in. They are guaranteed for fineness, for style, for superiority of material and workmanship,absolutely stainless, and to wear sixmonths without holes, or a new pairfree.Don't deiay. Send in your orderbefore offer expires. Give correctsize.WEAR'-EVE.R HOSIERY COMPANY,x Dayton, Ohio.Strayed or Stolen !Black mare, right hind foot white,scar on left fore leg above knee.Aboiit 16 hands high. Weight :T,30Opounds. Suitable reward for informartion leading to her recovery.', HIRAM JIA.RTIN,(8-2t) Milleteburg, K.J. S. Wallingfurd, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main "and High,'Phones 31 PARIS, KY.LOST,I- Dust hood off automobile, betweenParis and Lexington. Finder notifyI Sheriff Clarkf of Mason county, andget reward. - (12-$t)YVA.-THE BOURBdf NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCRY, MAY 15, 1914- -VV iabwft, iSflCUL NMJERSaMLf M ir IHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADE:SEED CORN.ANNUAL FISH FRY HELDNEAR NORTH MIDDLETOWNTNotice to ContractorsThe North Middletdwn FishingClub entertained yesterday with its" Jannual, nsn try, and about one hundred and fifty persons were in attendance, including the members of theclub. The occasion which is oneCircuit Clerk W. H. Webb is a vis-I itor in Louisville on business.! Mr. Duncan Bell has gone to Martinsville. Tnd.. tn rpmnin covornl rlo-iraMrs. M. H. H. Davis and Miss Ella iooked forward to with a great deal ofr.r.fi,v woh .o ,OCfo9'N.eal Left Wednesday for Swango ; Pleasure by the fishing club, was the, , twi. j springs tor a two weeks' stav. most aengiurm ever neialor germination, uooa. Fiiones 84. m.- tphoiwi, n,-n- i, -p n htttphprapt Miss ii,lizabetli Giltner has re-1)19 . . u' a' UiUiuiAM. turned from a visit to friends in Cin-(21-3wks) Pans, Ky. ;cinnati and Covington.Miss Verna Bailey, of Henderson,ELD. C0SSA300M TO LECTUREAT CANEElder C. O. Cossaboom, of Millersburg, v will be at the Cane Ridgechurch this evening with his stereopticon in the interest of Children'sDay.COFFEE! COFFEE!We grind it while you wait. Pulverized Coffee goes twice as far asground. ,(It) C. P. COOK & CO.U LtOIUKC , ;s file miesf 0f ilpr cictpr ATre TSJ TRIDGE TONIGHT i tdu nn .,. -'- ' ' 'Mrs. R. C. Talbott and Mrs. W. H.Whitley have returned from a visitto friends in Washington, D. C.Col. E. F. Clay, who has beenquite ill at his home on the Cynthianapike, is somewhat improved.Miss Harriet Tandy has returnedto Vevay, Ind., after a visit to Mrs. 1 George R. Bell,- W. G. McClintock,BOURBPN LODGE TO HOLDSOCIAL SESSION SUNDAYBourbon Lodge No. 23, I. O. O. F.,will hold a social session at the lodgerooms on Sunday afternoon, May 17,at 2:30 o'clock. Addresses will bedelivered by Hon. Emmett M. Dickson, Rev. J. S. Sims and Eld. W. E.Ellis. Each member of the order isrequested to be present and to bringa friend.BUYS FINE SADDLE FILLYFROM BOURBON HORSEMANThomas Bass, of Missouri, wellknown in saddle and show horse circles, has purchased of E. K. and C.M. Thomas, of North Middletown, thiscounty, the three-year-old saddle fillyMiriam, by Bourbon King, out of Reverie by Eric Chief. The price paidwas not made public. Mr. Bass leftforr his Western home Wednesday afternoon.OLDEST IN THE BUSINESS.Lawn mowers sharpened and reautomobile and machine repair shopin the city.SAM'L KERSLAIvE & SON,East Cor. Third & Pleasant Sts.(15-8t)The fry was held on the farm ofMrJ Alvah Thomas, near SpearsMills. The members of the club andthe invited guests assembled early inthe morning and fishing was indulgedin until noon when the entire catch ofthe day was cooked and the elegantfeast was served.Visitors from Paris, Winchester andMt. Sterling were present., Amongthose from this city who attendedwere: Rev. W. E. Ellis, J. W. Davis,W. H. McMillan, Dr. M. H. Dailey,WOOL!We pa- highest market price forwool. Get your sacks from us. Bothphones 14.(5-6t)' CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.CHILDREN'S DAY AT METHODIST CHURCH SUNDAYThe attendance at the MethodistSunday school last Sunday was 203,an increase of 61 over the same Sunday a year ago.Sunday, May 17, 'will be the regular annual Children's Day, and allparents of the children anld theirfriends are especially invited to bepresent -at 10:45 o'clock. The children are expected to come at 9:30oVclock, the regular hour for Sundayschool.GOLD WATCH FREE.A gold watch will be one of the niceprizes, offered to buyers at the College Hill sale.PORCH SHADESWe sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.(5-tf)L. W .McKENNEY ISNAMED AS ADMINISTRATORMr. L. W. McKenney has been appointed administrator of the estateof the late George N. McKenney, whodied last Saturday as a result of injuries received on the Louisville &Nashville railroad.The estate consists of life insurancepolicies amounting to about twothousand dollars, and other personalty. Mr. McKenney qualified withMr. C. B. Mitchell as surety, the bondbeing placed at $2,000.VISIT COLLEGE HILLWalk out to College Hill Court Sunday afternoon and see the beautifullots that will be sold Thursday afternoon, May 21.MILLINERY SALE.Millinery at greatly reduced pricesdurinir Simon's Economy Sale.buuRBON HORSEMEN SELLPROMISING THOROUGHBREDClay Bros.rof this county, sold thiswek to R. J McKenzie, the California horseman, the promising thoroughbred, Sea Shell. The horse wonhis first start at the Lexington meeting and his performance .so favorablyimpressed tlie Western turfman thatlie immediately opened negotiationsfor its purchase to add it to his largestring of runner at the Louisvilletrack. The price paid, is said to havebeen $5,000. '- "BRASS BED FREE.inaa fi,a. ti?pp Brass Bedsteadthe JUT. Hinton C6's tawwill be given to buyers at the CollegeHill sale.pfcial Introductory salefNTRODUCING THE EL GLOSTOVOThe wonderful new electric stove.For this week only the price will be$2 50, and after that $5.00. As a special inducement for you to come mand see this bargain for the remainder of this week we will sell the genuine Hotpoint Iron at the cash priceof $2.50, .regular price $3.50, and givea cash discount of 15 per cent, fromall of our gas stoves and appliances.You cannlt afford to miss these bargains, so come in and see-them. Ouroffice will he open every evening thisWe6pARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.Walter Meng, at North Middletown.Mrs. Warren Rogers entertainedthe Six Hand Euchre Club yesterdayafternoon at her home near CaineRidge. 'Miss Elizabeth Steele returnedTuesday from Louisville, where shewas the guest for several days 'of MissJulia Frank.Mr. and Mrs. John Davis and Mr.and Mrs. J. W. Davis will leave thismorning for an automobile trip toLouisville.Messrs. Robert Jones and Graham Young entertained Miss FrancesClay's guests with a fishing partyTuesday evening.Miss Charlina Ball, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. C. S. Ball, is quite ill atthe home of her parents, threatenedwith typhoid fever.Mrs. Bickel and daughter, ofPetersburg, Fla., are guests of Mrs. CM. Clay, at her country home, "Auvergne," near this city.Mr. C. B. McShane, who has beenconfined in the Massie Memorial Hospital, suffering from a severe attackof tonsolitis, is able to be out.Miss Minerva Rice will arrivethis week from Mexico to spend thesummer with her parents, Mr. andMrs. John Rice, in the county.Invitations have been received bya number here to a dance to be givenat the Phoenix Hfitel, in Lexington,this evening by the Tanzen Club.Mrs. William Cooper was takento Massie Memorial Hospital, Tuesday, suffering from a complication oftroubles. Her condition is improved.Mrs. J. T. Sharrard is spendinghe week with her parents, Mr. andMrs. W. K. Griffith, near Cynthiana.Rev. Sharrard spent the day with herWednesday.The Junior Class of the BourbonFemale College has issued invitationsto a reception to be held at the College Saturday evening at eight o'clockThe Daughters of the Confederacy will meet with the HamiltonGuards at the rooms of the former inthe court house, today at 2:30 p. m.Mr. Thomas Nichols, of this county, a brother of Mr. Kenney Nichols,of Paris, ill at the Massie MemorialHospital with pneumonia, is improving. Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive. pastor ofthe Paris Presbyterian Church, is inWashington, D. C. Dr. Shive wasamong the callers upon President Wilson, Wednesday.Mrs. Chas. Clark, of Middletown,entertained the liouse party of MissFranks Clav with a dance at herattractive home on the Paris pikeThursday evening.Mrs. R. R. Myall left for herhQme in Missouri Monday afternoon.Mr. Myall, who is the representativeof a large Chicago firm, left severaldays ago for a Southern trip.Judge and Mrs. Robert Winn, ofMt. Sterling, who have been visitingthe parents of the latter, Mr. andMrs. Jesse Turney, at their home inthe country, returned home yesterdaymorning. Mr. Richard Alexander, who hasbeen under treatment at the' MassieMemorial Hospital for several weeks,-yesterday underwent an operation forabdomnal trouble. The operationwas performed by Dr. Williams.Miss Frances Clay is entertaining a house party at her home in thecountrv for the week. The Darty consists of Misses Margaret Bean, Era.ma Lee VanArnsdale, from Lawrenceburg; Blithe Beekle, -from Pittsburg,Pa., Marie Talbott and Mary M. Clay.The following from this city attended the family reunion at the homeof Mr. John T. Woodford, in Mt. Sterling vPRtrdav: Mr. and Mrs. BenWnndford. Mr. and Mrs' Catesby !Woodford, Mrs. E. T. Spears, Mrs. W.L. Yerkes and Mr. Buckner Woodford. Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Oppenheimer, who have been the guests of Mr.and Mrs. C. S. Goldstein, on Higginsavenue, have returned to their homein Huntington, W. Va. They were accompanied home by little Miss HelenGoldstein, who will make them a visitThe Bourbon German Club willgive the fourth and last of the seriesof germansrthat started in the Fall, onThursday night, the 21st, at Elks'Hall.Mr. and Mrs. White Varden willlead the german and the grand marchwill begin promptly at 8:30 o'clock.-vThe regular May meeting of theYoung Girls' Missionary -Society- ofthe Methodist 'church was held, Tuesday evening in the parlors of thechurch. Miss Frances Hancock prersided and an excellent program wasiAor.nA a cnpp.ial feature of themoet'ng was the duet by Miss Mann jand Miss Neal. Miss Frances Hancock and Miss Elizabeth Mann were;the hostesses and after the businessmeeting and program a social hourwas enjoyed.The Young Ladies Mission Circleof the Christian church held a meeting Tuesday afternoon at the home ofMiss Mary Fithian- Hutchcraft. Thesubject of the afternoon was "Medicaland Evangelical Missionaries," andexcellent papers Avere read by MissBelle Horton and Mrs. Houston Rion.A box of pretty spring clothing wassent to a young woman who is 'beingeducated at Morehead, Ky.f on thescholarship taken by the local circleDenis Dundon, Douglas Thomas, R,B. Hutchcraft, Ed. Bedford, JamesMcClintock, Dr.C. G. Daugherty, Dr.F. J. Cheek, of Danville, was alsopresent.SIMON'S ECONOMY SALE.Attend Simon's May Economy Salewhich continues until Saturday, May,23.A WATCH GIVEN AWAY.ee the prize in the show windowof Shire & Fithian which will be given away at the College Hill sale nextThursday afternoon.FOR RENT.Storeroom on Main street known asthe Weatherall property. Possessionto be given at once. Also 3 rooms upstairs. Will rent as a whole "or separately. (15-tf) CHAS. PEDDICORDFOR RENT.Two rooms on third floor of Agricultural Bank Building. Heat andwater furnished.(17-tf)I Pure S::Bids for the erection of the Y. M. C.A. building, Paris, Ky., will be openedat 10 a. m T,.uesday, June 2. All bidsmust besealed and in the hands ofthe Building Committee by that date.Specifications may be obtained by addressing the Secretary at the Peoples'Bank, Paris, Ky.BUILDING COMMITTEE.(12-td)FOR RENTCottage with four rooms, kitchen, 2porches, garden, waterworks, sewerconnection and electric lights. Centrally located. Telephone 34. (tf)FOR SALE.A lot about 65 feet" front, runningback over 100 feet, --ituated on Highstreet, near fifteenth street. Applyto(13-tf) MRS. CANDACE SMITHDuroc Jersey BoarsNice lot young boars. "Eligible toregistry. Come and get first choice.SIDNEY G. CLAY,E. T. Phone 726, Paris, Ky.(12-3t)IOWING TO OUR LARGE SPRING BUSINESS,WE WERE FORCED fb DUPLICATE" yOUR ORDERS ONSilks, Challis andWash Goods -However, you .will find patterns and styles that aredifferent; values that you will will sayare unsurpassedOur Dress Trimming and Lace StockCannot be equaled in this part of the StateWhen it comes to LACE CURTAINS, DRAPERIESand RUGS we are right there we have the goods.iiW. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.I(Gftaaft4FOR SALEIAll of the household furniture atBourbon College will be sold on June3. Velvet and moquet carpets, rugs Jand mattings, in excellent condition,are for sale. Excellent practice pianos sold either privately or on dayof sale. Apply toMRS. M. G. THOMSON(1-8-15)OpenKettle9 II RenderedLardj $6.00per 50 lb. canThis Week onlyBaldwin:tiros., :Paris, KentuckyI Both Phones g: 32 jR. J. NEELYWAREHOUSEStables and Coal YardFor Rent!' For over 30 years this has been asuccessful business stand in the FarmImplement, Seeds and Coal Business.Possession on or about July 1.W. W. MITCHELL, Agt.: The work done by our RepairDepartment is Good, very" Good.Is your watch keeping satisfao,tory time? If not, bring it in, wecan remedy" the tpuble.We repair Watches, Clocks, cAll Kinds ofJewelry, Spectacles, Etc. 'ic411 work guaranteed.C. O. HINTONTilET I X HIIVITAFU ffk imil j. i. iiiniun tv.The BestmareKOMK Iv 2i; AlwaystheCheapestDon't EndangerYourHealthWith" aCheapRefrigerator,THE ODORLESSAfter the program u social hour wasenjoyed. " t r .Keep aKodak Record.The pictures made sa easilywill tell the child story for yearsto come.We will be glad- to explain thesimple Kodak way in picturemaking it's all by daylight.REPRIGERATORJust Received Now on Display.Kodaks, $6.00 to $20.00.Brownie Cameras, $1.00 to $12.00DaughertyBros.XYoii have heard of this, great Refrigerator. We want you to see them andknow what they are YOUR SATISFACTION IS GUARANTEED. " ,AU'Odorless Refrigerators are .cased with the most carefully selected ad 'thoroughly KILN DRIED OAK, not ash stained to imitate oak, out genuine okk';"'itself, the material used in all high.grade Refrigerators and imitated in all others .The Odorless is also lined with LINOFELT and it is NAILED, m place, and hasto stay where it is put. The Odorless is made in both the -White Enamel anJPthe Porcelain genuine lined. Will you let us show you these great Refrigerators?If you want a cheaper Refrigerator we have it. Come to-day. "THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky.-Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance Wood rVantelsrTW". TT 7'WT""? . ---.-&v&vs".,!':x "THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KYI,-MAY 1 5, 1941.',:.i!f. ' fr: - JPPljl Bakes''i j0g$&y Better-" P CALUMET(j$WW BAKING1 JPy ECONOMYthat's one hinff -vou are p:aJsT of high living cost Calumet insures a wonder- ArjfrrajilfISj ful saving in your baking. But it does more. J&ijUJSapt Itinsures wholesome food, tasty food uniformly raised Led. s -"5a Calumet is made right to sell right to bake right. Ask H HP2 rone of the millions of women who use it or ask your grocer. ti5KlsJ7sM& RECEIVED HIGHEST AWARDS WrPnP5 World's Pure Food-Exposition, ChicnCo. III. AfllbnrtJlP42 Paris Exposition, France, March, 1912. ti Ml I V C9M Tn u't stc nosey wlea 70a bny dieap or tig-can tatting powdsr. Don't be milled. Bay C&Iamet.MWt Bere ecoaoralcal more wholesome gives but results. Calaaiet is far superior to sonr nulk and soda.Woodland Stock FarmHeadquarters For Draft HorsesBuster B.Dark Bay Horse, Weight 1,700.Sired by Imported Glitter 58803.Dam by Imported Queen 41490.$10.00 TO INSURE.BUSTER B. is a coming four-year-oldand a young stallion of markedsize and condition. He is the kindthat will appeal to your fancy and youwill make no mistake in breeding tohim.The Above Horses Will Make the Season of 1914 at Woodland Stock Farm.About 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due whenjeolt is foaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my, consent.Xien retained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to preventaccidents, but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON, Lair, Kentucky.Fine Spring Clothes: For Men andt , . ,Boys.Best Hats at LowestPrices-rTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L Wollstein, Proprietor.Xti We will have in Paris a Full Stock allPope, Flying Marshall and Day ton.The Joseph Candioto Co. !I v1 51 -1 53-1 55 North Broadway, Lexington, Ky. ,JSupplies of all kinds. -BurleyBlack iPercheron; Weight 17G0.$10.00 TO INSURE.BURLEY is a splendid specimen ofthe dratt horse and his get haveproved to be of the very best. Thereis a steadily growing demand for theclass of horses produced by Burley,both upon the farm and in the cities.They can stand more work than theaverage horse. He is 8 years old, abeautiful black, well formed, and ofthe class that catches the eye. In selecting a horse to breed to pick onewhose produce commands the bestprice.m . -. m b . ,CAL.CLSIUK,CAPTURE OF VERA! CRUZ IN 1847. !(New York Press.)I In the parlor of a Harlem apartjment an old man sat in the sunshinestreaming through the Southern win! dow, and sketched out on the back ofa rumpled newspaper a map of the' operation at the siege of Vera Cruz in1847."Worth's division held our right,, Twiggs' with Patterson and the batjteries, were in the center," he said."I took out the first shovelful of earthfrom the trenches wnere lay ourmortars that dropped ten-inch shellsinto the city and killed a thousandMexicans."He paused and there was silence,save for the creak of the pencil onpaper. In the next room his daughter, herself an elderly woman, wasmoving quietly about, preparing dinner. I "That was real fighting," he wenton presently, "when Winfield Scottwas our leader Winfield Scott, and! before him old Rough-and-Ready! Zach Taylor. To be sure, it was ai long time ago. I am an old man nowmost ninety years but I will never'.forget the day the 29th of March itwas, in 1847 when General Moralesand his men marched out of the Gateof Mercy and stacked their arms, atthe edge of the hills behind the city,and how we went down there to theold castle and the forts to look overthe destruction our shell had done."Old Jeremiah Albee shook his whitehead. He was one of the few livingveterans of the Mexican War one ofthe very few for a man to havefought in the campaign of 64 yearsago must, if still. alive, must be closeto the age of 90. Time has touchedlightly the head of Mr. Albee. Onlythe snow and the wrinkles and thehigh tremolo voice bear testimony toits ravages.When General Patterson took hisdivision of New York volunteers tothe front in 1846 Albee marched inthe ranks as a private. One of theyoungest men in the regiment, hefought at the siege of Vera Cruz, andshortly after received a wound thatlsent him home on a furlough thatJlasted longer than the war.: Despite his years his faculties arestill keen, his eyes bright and his'memory of the events of his servicejat the front is unimpaired. In characteristic manner he told of the landing of the United States troops onCallado Beach, near Vera Cruz, andcontrasted that invasion with the recent one when Admiral Fletcher'sblue jackets pulled ashore in the faceof the Mexican Mausers."It was different when we landedon March 9, 1847, than when oursailors Avent ashore last week," hesaid. "We drew no fire when wewere loaded into whaleboats, 65 mento a boat, and rowed into the beachthat hot March day. It was onlywhen we tried to take the city thatwe met with the heroic resistance.which characterized the stand ofner?l Morales and his men in thatgrst Siege. It seems to me that the! iviexicans are a degenerating race.Their cowardly manner of warfare,which has been so much in evidenceof late, in no way resembles the spir-ies. There were two stone forts, Ft.ed when Aye first pushed into thiercountry so many years ago. Then.firing from housetops, like Indians."We had come down to Vera Cruzharbor on transports and warships,about 10,000 of us, to take the city,which was then one of the mosthpavilv forfeited of the Mexican cities. There wree two stone forts, Ft.Conception and Ft. Santiago, besidesthe Castle of San Juan de Ulloa. Allwere equipped with big guns, andwere strongly garrisoned GeneralScott was at the head of the armyHHMHiHmOne application soothes and heals a roughpimplybkin.and.whenrepeated.quicklyenectsa cure. Eczema, Erysipelas, Tetter, Ulcers andall skin diseases yield to its curative properties.60c. a box. At all uiiiggisls.Send for free sample and look. "Health and Beauty "JOHNSTON. HOLLOWAY& CO.,1730 Spring Garden St., Phila., Pa.4KvModels. We Selldecided to land the troops down thebeach two or 'three miles from thecity. They had not been decided upon when Commander Connor had beenrequested by 'Old Rough-and-Ready'Zachary Taylor to pick out the bestplace for disembarking."I remember the first meeting between General Taylor and Commodore Connor. The Cotamodore wasalways known as a great dandy onewho was always scrpulously dressedin full uniform. On the other hand,'Rough-and-Ready' dug down into hisdom more than half dressed at anyitime. But knowing Connor's name asa sticker for military formality, old'Rough-andReardy' dug down into histrunk and got out a worn and tarnished full-dress uniform, which hegot into for the reception of the Commodore, getting the waistcoat on inside out and buttoning the second button of the high-standing collar in thefourth buttonhole. Then he sat downin quite discomfort to await the arrival of Commodore Connor."Well, the Commodore, also wishing to be polite, knew the hatred ofRough-and-Ready' for formality anddress, so, instead of putting on hisusual elegant suit, he got into a pairof ovealls and an old jacket, and inthis rig called unattended at Taylor'stent. The story got about, and was agreat joke for a long time."But to get back to our landing. Itwas a beautiful day, the sun wasbrightly reflected from the whiteroofs of Vera Cruz in the distance.The water was deep blue, and thespirits of our boys were high. Undercover of a fire of shells from the gunboat Vixen, just as our men landedlast week under the Prairie's fire, werowed ashore, 'expecting every minutethat we would be met with a hail ofshot from the sand hills that slopedgradually back from the shore, andbehind which we thought were SantaAnna's men. But we drew no fire, andfound no Mexican soldiers on thebeach. By night we had severalthousand men ashore, and then we began our march back into the countryto surround the city, cutting off fromroad communication with the interior,while our fleet blockaded the port."I was enlisted in Patterson's Volunteers. The first, of our column tostart inland was Trigg's Division.We followed, and Worth's Division,brought up the rear. Under command of Brigadier General Pillow,Colonel Haskell's and Colonel Campbell's Tennessee Regulars and ColonelWynkoop's Pennsylvania regularspushed back into the sand hills, encountering a fev little parties ofMexican . troops, who promptly retreated. "We marcljed practically all night,and in the morning were near theLime Kiln, which was later occupiedby one of our field batteries. As weapproached the Lime Kiln and astone building used as a Mexicanmagazine, we were met with a firefrom a body fof Mexican troops, anda sharp engagement occurred. It wasmy first time under fire. I can remember how the bullets whizzed overour heads and knocked up the earthin front of us. Two or three menwere killed and several wounded."We got possession of the magazine, and later established our fieldhospital there. One incident that Inever forgot is how a solid shot froma Mexican field gun hit Captain Wm.Alburtus. He was standing not farfrom me. Suddenly I saw him collapse. He was shot right in half. Itseemed 'as though some invisiblegiant had taken out a huge scytheand with a single sweep severed hisbody at the waist, the two parts falling in opposite directions. I was horrified at the sight."From the 9th until the 13th wewere marching around behind the citydriving the enemy's outposts and bottling up the garrison and inhabitantsbehind the city walls. When we hadfinally, drawn our lines, Twiggs holding the left extereme at Vergara, twomiles from the city on the cost, withour division in the center, directly behind the city, we were pretty welltired out. It was terrifically hot, anda series of northers had preventedthe landing from our fleet of mulesand provision trains, so we were onhalf rations, which had to be carriedby men up into the hills."On the 15th we heard of the victory of Buena Vista; then we knewwhy Santa Anna had not been waitingto fight us on the shore. He hadturned away in the direction of theRio Grande instead. Also we knewthat Vera Crifz was practically cut offfrom outside aid, and that our campaign had narrowed down to a meresiege of the city."Our supplies of mortars, 40 ofwhich had been requested by GeneralScott, but only 10 of which had beenshipped down from the North, wereslow in arriving, and while some of uswent to work digging treuches behindthe city the rest were busy strugglingwith the cannon that had been landed, dragging them back through thesand to the position which had beenselected for the planting of our siegebatteries."On the 17th we were able to landprovisions, as the northers which hadbeen raging had abated, and on the18th Phil Kearny's dragoons arrived.As I said, I tossed away one of thefirst shovels of earth from the American mortar pits, which we dug 900yards from the city walls."By the 21st our first battery of24-pounders was ready, and we wereworking on our mortar batteries. Wethen sent or rather General Scottdid a formal demand to GeneralMorales, in command of the city, "tosurrender, which he bravely refusedMOLLYCODDLELAXATIVESCan Not and Do Not Touch the LiverThey may clear out the intestinal tract,but do not relieve the duinmed-up bile.J ears ago May Apple Boot (called Poophyllin) was a last-resort bile start'er.It griped .fearfully, but brought out thebile. Podophyllin with the gripe takenout is now to be had under the nameOne Lone GermBreeds MillionsA .sore or cut lets thegerms under the skin.If you don't stop Itsbreeding there will bomillions In a few days.Stop the Breeding With DR. BELL'SAntiseptic SalveIt stops the breeding at once. It keeps away allother germs It soothes and heals as sure asyou use it. A 25c. box will prevent hundredsof dollars of trouble.'Tell It By The Bell"to do, and on the 22d atj4:15'in theafternoon we opened fire."I had been assigned to one of theguns in the ten-inch mortar pit No. 2.It was from this pit that the first shellagainst the city was fired by MajorBankhead. We could see it soar intothe arir and descend in a great arcbehind the city wall. A moment laterwe heard the distant, dull report as itexploded."From that time on our guns werepractically never silent for four days.We worked in relays, firing at nightand during the day. CommanderPerry had sent ashore several thousand sailors and a battery of big gunsfrom his vessels, and these did heavyexecution. The castle and the fortsreplied to us steadily; for three days,when their ammunition began to givetout. Some of their shells were effective, for at the end of hte battle ourdead "totaled 68 men. I rememberhearing it going along the lines thatGeneral Scott had said he would takeVera Cruz without the loss of 100men, and that he would consider himself the murderer of every one overthat number who was killed."While our batteries were hard atwork from the pits, the fleet wasshelling the city from the harbor.The Mexican soldiers made a bravefight. They stood to their guns likemen. We learned afterward that oneof our shells, entering the magazineof Ft. Conception, blew it up, killingall in that section of the fort except one man. Another shell enteredthe female infirmary, killing 17 inmates. In yet another section surgeons were operating on a woundedman when suddenly a ten-inch shellcame through the roof and exploded,putting out all the lights. When newlights were brought it was seen thatboth surgeons and patients had beenblown to pieces."We fired an average of 180 shotsan hour during most of the fight. Attimes we increased this number, butthe order was to stick, as near to Itas possible. On the night of the 26,if I remember, the Mexicans sentout word that they wanted to parley.Before this the foreign Consuls hadjoined in a petition for a truce totake the women and children out ofthe city, but we had been forced torefuse to grant it on the grounds thatwe had given plenty of notice of ourintention to bombard, which had beenignored by the Consuls."Well, the result of the truce forparley was that the Mexicans consented to surrender on condition thatthey be paroled and that no indignities be permitted in the city by ourforces. General Scott accepted theterms, and on the 29th the defendersmarched out and stacked their arms.Then ye went down to the city."It was then I got my first idea ofwhat war really was. There were500 dead citizens in the "city; therewere 600 dead soldiers. The houseswere knocked into kindling, and women and children lay dead underthem. There was danger of diseasebreaking out. '"Houses were filled with wounded,whose cries filled the sunlight andthe dark, alike, in never-ending monotone. We did what we could to restore order and bring comfort to thesufferers. Vera Cruz was ours, andthat was the price we l)aid for it."It is mighty fine to read about thedays of old when knights were bold.But when one of these fellows wasbolted into a sheet-iron shirt whathappened when a chigger started boring a hole through the hide on the'knight's back?TheandThe telephone goes hand in hand with goodroads.The telephone overcomes many of the obstacles of bad roads and makes it possible for thefarmer and other rural residents to transact business in the city and with neighbors when theroads are impassable.Progressive farmers are insisting upon goodroads and telephones. These two agencies ofmodern civilization are doing more than all others :"toward eliminating the isolation of 'country .life.You can have a telephone in your ttome at verysiAall cost. Send a postal for our free 'bookletgiving complete information.FARMERS' LINE DEPARTMENTCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyThe Man WhoPulls Teeth WithHis Fingers.Mr. AD. Brown, the man who used'to pull teeth with his fingers onstock sales days at Paris, Ky and "'whose work was the talk of the'whotecounty.iLast fall this same Mr. Brown,came to Paris on Court Day and advertised a medicine known as;Brown's Snake Oil Liniment, and leftit for salp with riho tt t?,,h. o -druggists of Paris, Ky. Since thenmi. .Duuer nas sola hundreds of bottles of this wonderful medicine, andmakes the broad statement that ithas produced more cures than anymedicine that was ever sold throttghihis drug store.Last Court Day Mr. Brown introduced on the streets, through Mr.Butler's drug store, a medicine knownas Brown's Native Herbs in Liquid'Form, and a great many bottles weresold under a positive guarantee thatit would cure all forms of StomachTrouble, Constipation, Catarrh, Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Water BrashRheumatism, Kidney and BladderChills and Fever, Diseases common,to Women.Its introduction into every community has been followed by some ofthe most remarkable cures. Brown'sNative Herbs in Liquid Form isdigestion, and to set the stomachright. It matters not of how longiJ standing the disease may be. It at.the same time tones up the entirenervous system, gives strength mlvigor to those who are weak, sick andnervous. To prove all this we askyou to go and have a talk with Mr.Butler at his store, buy a bottle of theNative Herbs, and if it is not just aswe recommend and advertise it, youcan go back to Mr. Butler and he willgive you your dollar just as cheerfully as he takes it. Brown's NativeHerbs in Liquid Form and Brown's.Snake Oil Liniment, remember, aresold under a positive guarantee. Tryit today.Dr. Francisco Delmont. San Francisco, leaves his pet dog ?25 a month1 fnr. MfnThe Oklahoma State Free Employment Bureau in six years has foundwork for 53,000 persons.COUNTY COURT DAYS.VBelow is a list of the davs fTnnnrv1 Courts are held each month in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawreceourg, 3d Monday.Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, lst Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Breathitt, Jackson, 4th Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Henry, Newcastle, 1st Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, nd Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday.Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Monday. Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday.Oldham, Lagrange, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Pendleton, Falmoittn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wayne, Montecello, 4th Monday.Woodford, Versailles. 4th Monday.TelephoneGood RoadsmINCORPORATED.'ror Sale by All Druggists.''Ir-:4 - y' Ifi4 i-?$S"- VI t1HE EfOURBON NEWS, PARIS.KENTUCKY. MAY 15 1914-r"' . KM4"3i::BORLAND'SThe Home of Good Wall PaperWALL PAPER TALK No. 6.The Hall First impressions are lasting and it istherefore essential that a gcod impression is secured.Entrance to the house is usually through the hall or reception room; for -that reason it should suggest 'hospitality and be to some extent an index of what is to follow.Formerly the hall was not considered a part of the houseand was a dark, gloomy place, a sort of a purgatorythrough which the travel had to pass to reach theheavenly rest beyond. Now, however, the decorationsare more in keeping with the adjoining rooms. But careshould be taken to have all the rooms in harmony. Ourdecorative department is at your service.LOOK514 Main St., Next to Mrs. Mamie IParlcer.TELEPHONE 159t Parts OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your- cl6thes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked,to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work. .Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long'25c.'1IHIBIII IHIWIIa0 2r'VKINDLYTwig Bros. Depanmeni Stoie,Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.SewBi'lerSliopCorner FomiJ mti Main'Modern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDaf I0URI0N POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesrapes, A few drops in thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One60c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet -on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, XjFor Sale by W. T. BrooksPILES! PILES! PILESWILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINJMETWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching PftIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching; at onacts as. a- poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and SIWILLIAMS MFC. CO., Frafte., CtevetaMl, 01'L. Obcrtforfer, lO.ruffiat, Parte, Ky,.'JUS UP!Chatting Co. fSpecialMay Sale.50 Ladies' Stylish andHandsomeSpringSuits$995!All Sizes and Colors.CALL ATFirst Popular Price Excursion of the SeasonTo Cincinnati and Return17.$1 .50For the Round TripSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a. m., returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m. For.further information call onLow round trip Summer iTouristtickets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct. 3l with very liberalstop-over privileges, For further information call on or addressX K. SMITH, T. A.,. ..- W.-.-m HARRIS) Agt.SundayMay4OLD TIME GAPESIN NEWGUISESLong Suede Gloves MatchSuede Uppers of PatentLeather ShoesDIRECTOIRE INFLUENCE STRONGNEW! YORK, May 14. A year agoa couple of noted French, dressmakersshowed two capes, one transparent,w,hich hung from the shoulders to thewaist line in the bacfc and disappearedmysteriously in the front, the other acape of black satin, with jacket-likefronts belted at the waist. Thesecapes were the forerunners of avogue for capes. This season wehave the little peelerine, which hangsfrom the. back of the coat, we havethe cape with surplice fronts, we havethe Breton capes, and also the moresevere styles, almost military.kmmWMmMcCall. ...yS'A Long Full Cape Revealing a SkirtWhose Silhouette is No LongerBouffant.Taffeta evening wraps, which during the early part of the season werecontent with cape-like ruffles androunded frills, have now evolvedthemselves into out-and-out capes.These fall to the knees with a second ripply cape, which falls just overthe shoulders.Another cape-like wrap of taffetafor evening wear is bordered with aruffle of doubled taffeta. At the neckis a box-pleated ruff of the same silk,which looks like a Pierrot ruche.The heavy serge cape I have illustrated is particularly dashing in itsstyle and development. The cape isvery full and godet int heback.andattached to a vest of Scotch plaid,which buttons straight down thefront. This is a wrap admirablysuited for the needs of the womanwho motors, or who expects to spenda portion of vacation time coachingin the Yosemite or automobilingwhere the altitude or' other climaticconditions make an extra wrap a necessity. A cape which is decidedly modishfor both evening and outdoor wearis the long and fujl Neapolitan capewith one corner thrown over theshoulder. In black they are not onlycharmingly picturesque, worn over agown of butterfly hue, but are reminiscent of Italian romance, and intrigue in sunken garden, or ghostlygodola.Crepe-de-chine, lined with figuredfoulard, is used for another style, cutin the back as a circular cape; thefront is a jacket, disclosed with a beltand odd revers. The back continuesover ' the armholes, forming whatmight almost be called sleeves.This influence of the cape is sostrong thjt it is 'felt even .in the designing of coats in silk and fancywoolens. There are some interestingcoats like the Inverness, an overcoatwithout sleeves, but having a longcircular cape falling from the shoulders. Others are made with a capewhich falls from the neck of the coatdown the back; others have ripplingshoulder capes, single, double andmay be scalloped or shaped at theedges and bound with braid.A successful coat has the back sofull and loose that a rear view gives'the impression of a cape, while another full coat has a cape, hangingbelow the coat length in the back andfastened in front into the raglanshoulder line, forming the loosesleeve.Taffeta moire, crepe-de-Chine andcliiffon, lined, -with silk, are, fabricsI which are usedvfor. these aummereve-ning capes, coats, and wraps, whileserge, tweed, cheviot and many novelty weaves in wool, light or. heavyweight fabrics are suitable for thecapes for rough, daily wear.Rippling capes of chiffon net andlace are seen on evening dresses, andeven on separate blouses, but not forany practical reason, but because oftheir graceful trimming qualities.The Directoire period is having adecided influence on the materials weare using as well as on the cut ofthe tailored suits. Stripes were afeature of that day, as they are of thepresent. A suit which I saw theother day, worn dn Fifth Avenue, hada coat of dark blue gabardine, veryshort in front, with long swallow-tailsin the back. The skirt worn withthis coat was of striped gabardine. Acrisp, flaring collar added to the general effect of the costume, which wasdistinctly Directoire. An Incroyableabout to qay court to the famousMadame Recamier could have foundnothing to criticize about it.A word about these striped worstedfabrics, which are among the season'smost popular output.. They come insoft and hard finished materials, andare accordingly blended or glaring intheir effect. These are especiallysmart when used for the trimming ofa waist of a costume having a longDutch overskirt, the underskirt alsobeing of stripes. The effect of this isclearly shown in my second illustration, which is made up in light-weightserge, with lower skirt and collar ofratine, crepe, and gingham all comein a variety of stripes, and could beused for the development of thisfrock, as its lines are simple andadaptable to wash fabrics.Besides the Dutch overskirt, othertunics are slowly dropping, lower andlower, until it seems safe to say thatthey will drop low enough to satisfythe modesty of American women, after which the lower skirt will be leftoff and we will be wearing the old familiar straight skirts, only muchshorter and fuller. After years oflong, full skirts, and of long tightones, who will be sorry to have ashort, full skirt that will allow a freeswinging stride.The sheer linen collars are amongthe most necessary of the season'saccessories. These are worn withalmost every frock, whether tailoredor elaborate. The opaque and stifflystarched Gladstone collars have amodern counterpart, sheer and softlystarched. They are vastly becoming,as they stand away from the neck,framing the face in dainty white.Mr ri(HIA I CashHipPyH IHA iWtUVWlU i WHS x B' McCALt VL.The Trimming Possibilities .of theNew Striped Materials on a Costume with a Full DutchOverskirt.Long gloves in cinnamon and biscuit-coloredsuede are being wornwith afternoon dresses when thesleeves are three-quarter in length,while for the tailor-made suits, withlong sleeves, a -white mousquetairekid glove or a two-clasp white capeglove should be worn.Patent leather shoes with suede uppers, in gray or tan, are proper withcloth or gray serge tailored suits forgeneral daytime wear. Colonialpumps, with Louis, Cuban heels, continue to be worn a great deal, and aremade especially smart with vampsof patent leather, and the back andheels of the shoe in gray or tansuede. These should be worn withmatching gray or tan silk stockinsrs.matching or in' accord with a colornote ot the costuhie.If you wish to' bring your new suitor frock up to the pink of fashion,have your gloVes and the suedeof your shoes match in color. Infact, it has been predicted that wewill depart from the- white gloves souniversally worn and at present theproper thing.Cola nuts, which have been exported from the gold coast of Africa tothe value of about $450,000 annuallyfor several years, advanced in 1912 to$650,000 worth. Exports from Southern Nigeria increasedtb' nearly, the.same extent. - - . -;State of -Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas county ssFrank J. Cheney makesoath thathe is the senior partner of the- firm ofF. J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, 1886.(Seal) A. W. GLEASON,Notary PublicHall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.The fastest steamship in, the worldis said to be the new Russian torpedodestroyer Novik, which on her recenttrial trip reached a mean speed of 27knots over a measured mile and amaximum of 37.3 knots.L. B. Johnson, of St. Albans, Vermont, generally attracts attentionwhen he drives through the town behind his pair of two-year-old steers.He has trained them so that they willobey the reins as well as a horse.Countess Moliter, an English woman, will shortly start on a periloustrip across the Ruba-el-Khali, thegreat sandy desert of South Arabia,alone, using only native guards.The Pribilof Islands is the seat ofthe most important seal colony in theworld. Next in importance is theCommander herd, owned by Russia,while the Kuril herd, owned by Japan,comes third.Although she is only 31 years old,Mrs. Winfield Stoner, of Quarrysville,Pa., is the mother of nine children,and in a competition with 350 othersshe was proclaimed the champion pieand cake baker.n aL. iVniV T1 r tf ViMMdM n Mm imri ii -i-tttt r -vr rjx!trt?BgiMLENIHAN'S25 lb. sack H. & E. Sugar.. .7 $1,25(With a three dollar purchase)Large size can Tomatoes 10c3 cans Baby Bunton Corn. . 25c, ' Pride of Illinois Corn 10cCracked Rice, per lb. . .05cFancy Head Rice, perjlb 10c2 cans Cu-Tu-No Red Salmon 35cPalm Brand Peas, perjean 10cFox Lake Peas Per can v 15cSugar Loaf Peas, per can ! . . 20cBulk Coffee, per lb 20cLANCASTER PRIDE FLOUR25-pound sack. . . 80c50-pound sack 1.55100-pound sack 3.00Stone's Wrapped Cakes Received Presh Daily.T. C. LE1NIHAN,Cash Grocery.t BolBoth Phones 234WMETAL SHINGLESAre StormproofThey interlock and overlap inuj xiuu ur anting snow eanuuu pvsoiuiy jeu uuuer uiem.Besides this they last indefinitely, and never need repairs.Another point They're very reasonable in first cost . You canlearn all about them from aNEST A HAWKINS,AFTER SUFFERINGTWO LONG YEARSMrs. Aselin Was Restored oHHealth by Lydia E. PinJc-ham's VegetableCompound. ,Minneapolis, Minn. "After my litiicfone was born I was sick with pains inmy sides which mm.doctors said werecaused by mflim : t.tion. I smTsrsd a! great deal everymonth and grewtwjrthin. Iwa& under the:doctor's care for twesjj long years witbovtany benefit. Finally'after repeated wggestions to, try itwagot Lydia E. Pink-ham's Vegetable Compound. After taking the third bottle of the Compound Iwas able to do my housework and. todayI am strong and healthy again. I willanswer letters if anyone wishes to knowabont my case. "Mrs. Joseph Aselin,628 Monroe St, N.E., Minneapolis, ItlnruLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, made from native roots andherbs, contains no narcotics or harmfaTdrugs, and today holds the record ofbeing the most successful remedy waknow for woman's ills. If you need suck,a medicine why don't you try it?If you have the slightest doubtthat Ijydia E. Pinkham's Vegetble Compound will help youywriteto Iiydia E.Piukham Medicine Cov(confidential) Iiynn,Mass., f or advice. Your letter will be opened,read and answered by a womai,and held in strict confidence.u vim"b, S&sr 5j:ikv - Sx v IWKirmnKiifaimaiiJ!such a way that the hardest drir- 'Milltrspra, KantutkWvum?Specials"v--ix'VVTHE BOURBON NEWS,PARIS, KENTUCKY,.MAY 15, 1914.tutIs the Choicest Pickings of the bestknown Gardens of the Orient andis noted for its fine flavor and deiicate Aroma. Try it today. Forsale by all Grocers.Why pay moreNoted theWoridCertified CheckCERTIFIED CHECKover as the Best.Packed fresh Xevery day, in sanitary sealed cartons. For sale by all Grocers at 30cents per pound. Save the Coupons.ITEA&mm9 9999 9999999999999999"999-COFFEEmMimmifyifciK'HkB OF MILLERSBURG, Mr. B. S. Bruce is quite ill.Mr. C. W. Corrington was in Cin--cmzjation business Tuesday.Handsome rugs and vacuumclenners at M. E. Pruitt's. ItMessrs. J. G. Allen and O. E.Hurst were in Richmond Tuesday.Miss Irene Tackett left Mondayfor a visit to relatives in Birmingham, Ala.Mayor W. D. Wadell was in Cincinnati on business from Monday until Wednesday.Miss Nancy Jones left Mondayfor an extended visit to relatives atKnoxville, Tenn.Mr. and Mrs. D. L. Woods, of Mt.Olivet, were guests of Mr. and Mrs.M. O. Wells and family, Sunday. ,See the latest picture moldings atM. B. Pruitt's. (It)- Mrs. Geo. Bascom, of Sharpsturg, was at the bedside of her uncle,"Mr. J. J. Peed, Monday. She was accompanied home by her aunt, Mrs.Mollie Slack, who has been in thePeed home for the past two weeks.Lawn and porch swings andporch furniture at Pruitt's. (It)Mrs. Lackey Carles, and Miss Laura Mcllvaine, of Brooksville, wereguests of Mr. and Mrs. D. P. JonesTuesday.Mrs. F. S. Martin and two children, of Muncie, Ind., arrived Saturday as the guest of her sister; Mrs.Q. E. Hurst.Mr. M. E. Neal, of the Confederate Home at Pewee Valley, is theguest of his wife and son, Mrs. JennieNeal and Mr. B. A. Neal.The Deering is the best and thelightest running machine. See us before buying your mower or reaper.(15-9t) BEST & HAWKINS.Mrs. Frankie Collins left Wednesday for Good Samaritan Hospital,Lexington, where she will undergoan operation on her eyes.. Mr. J. P. Hicks gave the BibleClass of the Presbyterian church afish fry Tuesday evening. AbcHitforty gentlemen including a few visitors, were present Several membersWWJtlM HCTl Uam. Lm i mJmt P flif F !&49Jm 4 adbHHvVVHF1,IV W7 -T"kF MeshHr & 3m wwjzz$$$KHV IB wffifcSkTEMVULEVMAN"KNOVSIT IS7fSDUTyTO BANKMOJVrfO?ftSWFEANDCtfftNShostess, and were ushered into theof the class were absent. After thebanquet a number of speeches weremade along the line of Sunday schoolwork. They were delivered by Rev.Peoples, of Lexington; Rev. J. D.Redd, Dr. C. C. Fisher, of Millersburg.Rev. A. S. Venable, pastor of thePresbyterian church, acted as toastmaster. The occasion was a verypleasant one.Jones Bros, can furnish your table with the very best, Call themup. Both phones No. 9. (It)The Millersbprg Coal & LumberCo. sold a valuable four year old mulesome days ago to Mr. C. C Clarke, ofnear North Middletown, for $325.Messrs. A. S. Best, J. P. Redmonand D. L. Miller, the latter of Louisville, spent the day yesterday t nearCynthiana fishing.We receive vegetables and berries each day during commencement.Order early that we may make youprompt delivery.(15-lt) JONES BROS.Dr. C. C. Fisher, Councilman W.A. Butler E. M. Ingels and W. D. MIntyre were in Lexington Monday conferring with the natural gas peoplewith the view of having the lines extended from Paris to Millersburg.The matter will be taken up by themand we hope to be able to have natural gas by fall.The new engine for the electriclight plant arrived Tuesday and isnow being 'installed. It was purchased from the Fairbanks MorseCo., of Cincinnati.Millersburg is once more in holiday attire on the approach of thecommencement season, which beginstonight. It has been ushered in bya fish fry, two rook parties, and a reception. On Tuesday afternoon Mrs.J. P. Redmon entertained with twelvetables' of rook. Ices and cakes wereserved. Tuesday afternoon Mrs. W.D. Mclntyre entertained at rook.Wednesday afternoon from 2:30 to4:30 Mrs. W. R. Metcalf and sister,Miss Alfa Ball, entertained more thanone hundred of their friends at thehome of Mrs. Metcalf. The occasionwas a very delightful one. The homewas darkened and softly illuminatedwith wax tapers in candelabra. Theguests were met at the front door byMiss Mabel Metcalf, daughter of thepresence of the receiving line by Mes-'1r.t Have YOU got money in our bank to protect yourLITTLE ONES and your WIFE from want?Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Announcement!I wish to announce .to the people of Paris andBonrbon County that I have assumed charge ofThe Grocery on Main Street whichI Recently Purchased FromMr. John Saner.It will be my purpose to continue to serve thepatrons of this store with only high class Staple andFancy Groceries, Propuce, Vegetables, Etc., at pricesas low as possible, quality considered.It is my purpose to continue the delivery of goodsto all parts of the city. Orders left with me will begiven carfef ul attention and prompt deliveries will bemade of same.Thanking the public in general for a continuance of the liberal patronage which they have givenmy predecessor, I am,Very Respectfully,N. A. MOORE.dames E. M. Thomason, H. T. Jefferson and J. P. Redmon. The receivingline was stationed in the drawingroom, and was made up of Mrs. Metcalf, Mrs. Dan Kimbrough, of Cynthiana, Mrs. John Connell, of Paris, Mrs.M. E. Pruitt and Miss Alfa Ball. Theguests passed into the tea room,where tea wafers and tea cakes wereover by Mesdames Smith, ReynoldsBecraft, Letton Vimont, C. C. Chanslor, Green Leer and Miss Ruth McClintoek. They were then usheredinto the dining room, where greenand white ices, nut cakes and greenand white mints were served. Thetables were presided over by Mesdames Ashby Leer, John Marr, A. T.Moffett, and Garrett Jefferson. Thecolor scheme was green and whiteand was thoroughly carried out ineverything. The various rooms werebeautifully and artistically decoratedwith cut flowers.SUPERIOR FURNITURE- POLISHGives new polish to old furniture;produces a gloss or hand rubbed finish; dries hard; never sticks; neverinjures. Call and get sample; everybottle fully guaranteed.' CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.Opp. Court House, Paris, Ky.(1-tf)GAS METER SHOWINGGENERALLY CONCLUSIVETO-MORROW-SATURDAY1Is the Day For the Purchase of Your New Spring and Summer Footwear.The Greatest Shoe Manufacturers areDaily Sending to us the very Newest in Footwear at Terms, which Enable us to Outsellall Other Stores of this County.Shoes, Oxfords, Pumps, &$ve1For Ladies, Men and ChildrenAbsolutely the Latest Footwear at Prices Less Than YouHave Ever Paid.Ladies' Patent Colt Colonial, light welt, covered or bright buckle, Louis heel, $5.00 and $4.00values$2.99Ladies' Patent Colonial and Baby Doll Pumps,of the best makes, 3.00 values, at 1 .99Ladies' Suede and Velvet Mary Jane Pumps ofthe best quality, 33.50 values at. .$2.49 and 1 .99Ladies' Oxfords in dull kid, and patent colt,button and lace, light flexible soles, the mostconfortable footwear, $4.00 values $2.99 and 2.49"Ladies' Oxfords and Pumps, patent and gunmetal, S2.00 and $3.00 values, at :1.49Men's Tan Oxfords, of the famous Walk-Overand other makes; the best quality, rubbersoles, at $4.QOand 3.50The Walk-Over and Beacon makes, at 4.00Men's Tan and Gun Metal Oxfords, Englishlasts, The Walk-Over and Beacon makes, at 4.00Men's High Shoes and Oxfords, in tan and gunmetal, best quality and make, $4.50 values,at.... $2.99 and 2.49Men's Oxfords and Shoes, gun metal, lace orbutton, $3.00 values at 1 .99Boys Patent and Gun Metal Shoes and Oxfordsof the best makes, $2.50 values, at 1 .49Misses' and Children's Patent Colt and Gun Metal Mary Jane Pumps, bestvalues at $1.49, $1.24, 99c and 89c,4White Canvas Shoes and Pumps in Latest Styles, all sizes, at GreatlyReduced Prices.)3D-A.3STCOHEN.'SGreatest Shoe StoreHolding that the record of a gas meter must be accepted as conclusive evidence of the amount of gas consumed unless there was proof that the meter was inaccurate, County JudgeFrank A. Bullock, in Lexington, Wednesday afternoon gave judgment forthe defendant in all the cases but onein which consumers last winter complained of their January bills, and seventeen of them filed suit in the Fayette court against the Central Kentucky Natural Gas Company for recovery of what they considered theexcess over proper charges. The onecase in which Judge Bullock foundfor the plaintiff was that of G. A. C.Jones, who testified that his househad not been occupied at al duringthe month for which the bill was rendered, and therefore no gas whateverhad been consumed. Nothwithstanding this he had received a bill $1.48.CARD OF THANKS.In retiring from business we takethis method to extend our a sincerethanks to the many residents of Paris and vicinity who so very liberallyextended to us their patronage whilewe were engaged in the retail grocery business. We certainly appreciated their favors and endeavored inevery way to merit their confidenceby giving them the best values to beobtained for the money.We recommend to you our successor, Mr. N. A. Moore, who we are assured will promptly supply yourneeds, and will be pleased to receiveyour trade at the old Sauer standopposite the court house.Respectfully,JOHN SAUER.DON'T FORGET DATE.Remember the date of the CollegeHill sale, Thursday afternoon, Mav21, at 2:30 p. m.SACRED CONCERT WILL MARKOPENING OF THE CARNIVAL.The Littlejohn Carnival Co., whichwill play an engagement in this cityduring the week of May 25, alwayscarries an excellent band which willfurnish the music for the entire week.The carnival will be formally openedon Sunday afternoon when a sacredconcert will be given in front of thecourt house, and this feature shouldprove highly entertaining.Plans for the holding of the carnival are shaping rapidly and an activeadvertising campaign will begin nextweek. The Eagles, under whose auspices the carnival ivill be given, areanticipating a record breaking week.The Littlejohn Carnival Co., carrieswith it a number of the very highclass attractions and are said to bethe best that have ever gone out witha carnival company. New attractionsare being added almost every week,and none are accepted that are not ofthe very highest order and clean inevery respect.It has been decided to hold the carnival in the city lot in the rear of thepublic school, and arrangements havealready been made to secure thegrounds for the week.WANTEDSmall second hand cash register.Apply at News Office. Phones 124.(12-tf)II r! ai nouse-uieaningTime and HowWe Help.CONFEDERATE DAUGHTERS TO IHOLD MEETING FRIDAY.The Daughters of the Confederacywill meet at their rooms in the courthouse at 2; 30 p. m. Friday, innsteadof regular day, Saturday. TheDaughters entertain the HamiltonGuards.FERTILIZERS.Talk with us before you buy. OurTobacco Fertilizer is made from aformula furnished by the LexingtonExperiment Station. It is the highestgrade made and requires fewerpounds.Our Corn Fertilizer has been triedand found to be correct.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(12-4t) Both Phones 14.An Ordinance-TO-WhereBeauty and Economv Reigns mRegulate Peddling.City Hall, Paris, Ky., May 14, 1914'.Be it ordained by the Mayor andBoard of Council of the City of ParisKy.: 'Sec. 55. Every person, who, not being a resident of the City of Paris,sells within the city limits of saidCity of Paris, dry goods, clothing,wearing apparel, spectacles, medicine, lumber, merchandise, or otherthing, by going from house to house,or from one individual to another, orby hawking or crying the sale thereof or otherwise inducing purchasersto come to them, shall first procure alicense so to do, the amount of whichshall be $10.00 per day, and if anyperson violates the foregoing ordinance such person shall for eachoffense be fined not less than $1.00 normore than $50.00.The' foregoing license shall be required in cases where the sale ismade by sample or an order taken forfuture delivery either by the selleror by agent, as well as where the ar-tide is delivered at the time of suchsaie. 5ut tins section shall not beconstrued to apply to traveling salesmen, who sell only to merchants ordealers for retail purposes, nor to residents' of Bourbon Countv who havp.'bona fide taken out milk or hucksterTo make the work just a little easier. Look over thislist and see if there isn'tsomething you need:Wall Paper Cleaner, can 10cLiquid Veneer, bottle 25c to50c.Sulphur Candles, each, 10c.Crude Carbolic Acid, pint15c.Household Ammonia, pint15c.Chamois Skins, 25c, 50c, 75c.Sponges, 10c, 15c, 25c.Bugaslde kills bed bugs, 15c SWe also carry a complete 5line of Paints, Varnishes andbrushes. mPeople's PharmacyDoyle Building- 8th and MainPARIS, KY. t"Watch Our Windows." SSCHOOL BOY WANTED.For steady, summer", parttime, easy work. Must bebright, neatly dressed, and un-der fourteen years of age.Give references and mention.day and hour when parent willcome with boy for interview.Good pay. Splendid training.Write to Box 306, BourbonNews Office.mf No Delivery' No PhonesNo CreditiT HOUSE.Eighth and MainMWe are now using aSanitary Fish Cabinet,and receiving Fresh Fishdaily. We save you from4c to 10c per pound onFish.We do not clean anyFish, but we save youmoney on them and giveyou good, fresh Fish atall times. Clean your SFish and you know that Jtney are clean.M. J. HelleriI.wagon license.. . J. T. HINTON,-- "Mayor.Attest! "iJ. "w. HAYDEN, Clerk. '&CO.