t s -:. VIOS:WJWi- :...u&..'.. .. ...iiA4r.. :-ifM...27'v"-PUBLISHED EVFBTS TUESDAY AND PBIDAY IN THE. YEAR' " yVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1914.W.Turin LinniiDDnkiEWS'BB , IbHv zk Ik .BB vM . bb 'bhi-r W vVBviBV - SB vBzLflV IL .V H " Hjm v v h b v v 'H HjtS USE OF NAME WASNOT AUTHORIZED BY HIM.. Silas E. Bedford, President ofDeposit and Peoples' Bank of., in a statement made to the- s, denies that he had agreed toas Trustee to receive the moneynging to the creditors of the Geo.ander & Co. State Bank, while therts to secure a pardon for Mr. Al-ider on the basis of a payment of'ty per cent, of their claims, areg made. Irr. Bedford further states that theof his name in connection with- Trusteeship was entirely unauized by him. He says, in part:know nothing about the movet to effct such a settlement withappointment of myself as one ofTrustees, to hold the money of the- jsitors, pending a settlement, until--ad it in a paper last Sunday. Theer had never been mentioned to- before that time, nor has it been-tioned since. I know nothing itever auout it except what 1 sawte paper. i; any person desires to depositmoney in the Deposit and Peoples'-Tk to any person's credit, I willly receive it, but as far as acting- Trustee in a settlement between1 Alexander Bank and its creditors,r," rs agent of any one, or using anyv-t to effect a settlement betweent . bank and its creditors, why, theifer has never been mentioned toat any time, and I have never.r r-n my consent to act as Trustee or::fu, or in any other such capacitytr 1 ehalf of any person or persons inx way connected with the Alexanderr. James McClure was also namedr- one of the Trustees, and the pre-ption is that he will accept thetr ".SiTA CLAUS' HEADQUARTERS.usual our store will be Santat .e-ls' headquarters this year thesu-" as in years past, only on a largerrip. Great bargains in toys, games,o-Sies, nuts, fruits, etc. Suitablecr"- for the little ones,-such as velocir fties, Irish Mails, roller and ice-Ttes, wagons, drums, guns, fire--fc"Xs, fancy baskets, magic lanterns,ir .tact, everything that is calculatedt- please the children. Bring thec.sb and we will save you money ony : holiday purchases. iL.AVIN & CONNELUriF'S BANK FAVOREDIN A COURTDECISION." a lengthy written opinion deliver" ty Judge Walter F. Lincoln, atL'isville, he overruled a demurrer oflr American National Bank to a petite m filed against it by State Banking. irmissioner Thomas J. Smith to recrr collateral pledged to the bank1 . ieo. Alexander, of Paris, and saysV1 case must be tried on its merits.7rr court holds that the Banking Coni. ic:oner is vested with rights notp essed by a State bank or itsf rs, and that he has the power,l Ending up the affairs of a StateI , to bring action to recover on1 -5 alleged to have been made- '-.gfully by the officers of the bank.' -aider borrowed $15,000 on one-ion and $18,000 on another occa-from the Louisville bank, and- two notes with collateral attach-guarantee payment. Suit was' - .ght by the Banking Commissionercover the collateral on the groundthe violation of the limit of in--dness the bank was allowed tounder its charter. According topetition filed by Commissioner" h the charter expressly propidesT ithe bank should not at any time" an indebtedness in excess of $10,3ver and above its liabilities to itssitors and its liabilities upon billschange, checks or drafts uponr banks having its funds on ne-OPEN NIGHTS.are now open nights. We offerry extensive line of Christmasnts. Come in and select yoursTHE J. T. HINTON. CO.V-Y RESUME TRAIN SERVICE.Derintendent W. H. Anderson, ofLouisville & Nashville, was in-ville, Wednesday, conferringMayor Wesley Lee and other cityals in regard to resuming theservice on the Maysville branch.vas discontinued some time ago.-. Anderson informed the MayorIrt!ijust as soon as the business".d justify it the officials would seet-' the old passenger train schedulecr 'ne Maysville branch would be rered, but that under the present con-ons it would have to remain asr -TE TURKEY SEASON ISNOW ALMOST OVER.e turkey crop in Bourbon county'out cleaned up for the Christmasnccet according to the local producer-, who are slaughtering the fowlsthe market. Only a few remainin r.e county, but the engaging offWV.s goes on. and will continue until$a-i rday. IMessrs. Chas. S. Brent '& Bro., ofti -15 city, who operate pens and-ughter houses in Paris, Millersburg,c7iisle and Flemingsburg, are reo ing turkeys and slaughtering themfcr the Christmas market, which willc t to-morrow. The prevailing pricer the birds, on foot, delivered at the1' s, was, up to yesterday, fourteenc'Tts. The receipts have been vey"i. and Brent & Bro. have beenPleased generally with the outlookTrie recent cold snap has been a decdd advantage in the slaughteringaii packing of .the fowls.THE QUARANTINE SITUATION.The committee composed of Messrs.Tkos. H. Clay, Jr., Jos. M. Hall, Robt.Meteer and Jas. H. Thompson, appointed at the mass meeting in thiscity Saturday, went to Frankfort,j-Tuesday, where they conferred withMr. J. W. Newman. Chairman of theLive Stock Sanitary Board, in regardto the quarantine being maintained onBourbon county stock.After the exact situation with regard to the pervalence of the foot-and-mouthdisease in this county wasthoroughly and plainly reported bythe committee, they were informed byMr. Newman that -Bourbon county wasneither in the Federal or State quarantine area, but was only in what wastermed the "suspicious area."The cattle belonging to Mr. P J.Millett, were again inspected by twoFederal inspectors, Drs. Stingly andGibson, and no action was taken todestroy them.The cattle will be inspected againin a tew days to finally determinewhether or not they will be destroyed.jThere seems to be grave doubtwhether or not the cattle are seriouslyaffected.It is probable that the quarantine onMr. Millett's place will be lifted withinthe next ten days. The lifting of theembargo will be grea t news to thestock raisers and dealers t)f thecounty.Dr. R. J. Lawton, of the UnitedStates Bureau of Animal Industry,who is in charge of the work of fighting the foot-and-mouth disease inBourbon and adjoining counties, hasissued a request that cattle owners ofBourbon county report at once anysuspicious or suspected cases of thedisease among the cattle of this county. Dr. Lawton says:"If the stock owners of this countywill report at once any cases of a suspicious nature I will send an assistantor will come myself at once to investigate the case. I fe-f satisfied that ifthe cattlemen and farmers will giveus the necessary co-operation we willbe able to rid the State of this dreaded malady."Dr. Lawton asked that his telephonenumber, 2304, at his office in the Fayette National Bank Building, in Lexington, be published, where he can bereached at any time during the dayor night.Thirty-nine cattle belonging to Dr.Ben. D. Knox and R. F. Offutt, inScott county, infected with the hoof-and-mouthdisease, were shot Wednesday morning1 by Federal InspectorFred Casey, and were immediatelyburied in a big trench and coveredwith quicklime.SUITABLE CHRISTMAS PRESENTSCome to our store and select yourChristmas presents such 'things topick from as, Bibles, 50-cent books,latest novels, boys anjP girls books,trick books for children. Subscription to magazines taken. Any of theabove vould be acceptable.(27-tf) . PARIS BOOK CO.FORMER PARISIAN INJUREDIN AUTO ACCIDENT.While going from Lexington to Wilmore on a big motor oil tank belonging to the C. C. Stoll Oil Company, ofLexington, yesterday morning, Mr. R.L. Whaley, formerly manarger o ftheStandard Oil Company's plant inParis, and now a resident of Lexington, sustained painful injuries whena fast flying train on the Queen andCrescent road struck the machine atthe Harrodsburg pike crossing inNicholasville. iThe big auto truck, loaded withgasoline and oil, was completely demolished and the driver, Gus Schurman, of Lexington, sustained seriousand perhaps fatal injuries. Both menwere taken to St. Joseph's Hospital,in Lexington, where it is reported Mr.Whaley's injuries were not serious,but that Mr. Schurman was badly injured. The accident occurred at a sharpcurve on the Q. & C, and the driverof the truck did not -see the approaching train until it was so close uponthe truck that escape was impossible.Late advices fron the St. JosephTTnanit.nl last nidit stated that bothATr Whalev and Mr. Schnurman wereNresting easy, but that the latter's injuries wrere of such a nature that itwas hard to predict the outcome.AN ATTRACTIVE WINDOW.a v Wheeler & Co. have an attractive window of childrens' furnitureat their store on tne corner ot mwunri Second streets, and it has beenbesieged by kiddies for the past fewdays. fThe wmaow is uueu wim agreat variety of minature furniture, allfinished in white enamel. Every pieceof bedroom and library furniture thatgraces the grown folks' apartmentsat home is reproduced in the displayof tinv pieces. The Wheeler store carries a complete line of child's furniture, and everything from a brass bedfor the biggest doll to a princessdresser, before which the little misscan preen herself, is on display. (It)YOU PROBABLY DON'T KNOWWhat brand of cigars he likes, butyou know he'll like one of our Persianneckties, at 75c. I(It)J. W. DAVIO CC KsKJ.PRESS ASSOCIATION TO PUBLISH EDITORIAL "WHO'S WHO."Mr Silas Braun, of Louisville, representing the Kentucky Press Association, was in Paris yesterday, on business connected with a booklet which-will shortly be issued. This publication will contain a condensed historyand half-tone cuts of the editors andpublishers of Kentucky newspapers,v .,, nn,;nant nnlitir.ians of theState fThe booklet will be a complete"Who's Who" in newspaperdom, andwill be soiuething worth preservingfor future reference.TUESDAY'S TOBACCO SALESThe Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany had a small sale Tuesday,only 18,795 pounds being on sale.The quality of the offering was notimproved over the opening sale.There was on the floor a few baskets of colory tobacco that sold forwhat looked like the old-time prices,ranging from 15 cents for flyings to$22.50 for lugs. The average for thecrop being $17.51.,On account of the poor quality ofthe offerings and the-low prices realized, the management of the BourbonTobacco Warehouse decided to passup the sales yesterday, but they willbe resumed again Saturday.In 1912 the first day's sales at theBourbon Warehouse totaled 142,260pounds, realizing 117,628.98, and averaging $12.39 per hundred.In 1913, the first day's sales at thesame house totaled 72,280 pounds,which sold for an aggregate sum of$9,904.16, an average of$13.70 per hundred pounds.(The highest average brought by a1913 crop was on Dec. 29, at the localwarehouse, when Robbins & Tarr sold2,405 pounds at an average ot $18.72per hundred "pounds. The next highest average was attained by White &Current, who sold 2,300 pounds foran average $18.41 per hundred pounds.The 1914-15 season opened at theCynthiana loose leaf houses Monday,with offerings of a' poor quality andprices low. Prices averaged $6.68.At Lexington, the offerings havebeen of inferior grades at medium averages, ranging from $9.54 to $13.70.On the Winchester market, thecrops average $9.92. The highestprice was $17.00, and several cropsbrought $13-.00. IELECTRIC VACUUM CLEANERSFor Christmas gifts can't be beat.Both useful and ornamental. Youknow it will be appreciated. Orderone to-day.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.COUNCIL PROCEEEDINGS.The City Council met in regular session at the City Hall last night, withMayor Hinton presiding.Beyond the transaction of routinebusiness, nothing of importance wasdone. The usual bills were allowedand one building permit wras granted.The question of entering into a contract for one, two and three years forthe lighting of the city was taken upand discussed, and finally referred tothe Light Committee.Judge January's report of the busieess done in Police Court for themonth of November, as follows, wassubmitted and approved:Total amount of fines assessed,$150.00.Total amount of fines$60.00.Total amount oi finesTotal amount of fines$7.50.replevinedcollected,suspended,Totalamount ot nnespardoned,$42.50.Total$10.00.amount of fines worked out,ELKS' SOCIAL SESSION.The Elks' "goose supper" Tuesdaynight was a great success and wasone of the most enjoyable social affairs this organization has given recently. The regular monthly meeting of theorder will be held in the lodge roomson next Tuesday night, when businessof importance will be transacted.After the business session is disposedof a social session will be given, atwhich "duck." of different kinds willbe served at a "duck supper." It goeswithout saying that the affair will beup to the high standard set by theElks in the past.CHRISTMAS GOODS FOR -YOUNG AND OLD.I have just returned from Cincinnati where I purchased a nice line ofChristmas goods in variety, for youngand old.Don't torget we are closing out ourline of Clothing, Dry Goods, Shoes,etc., and putting in a line of groceries.Come and get 17 pounds of the bestsugar for $1.00, and everything lowerthan anywhere else.Come in and get our prices.CHARLEY MONSON,i (it)The Broadway Merchant.50,000 TONS OF COAL IS. ORDERED BY RUSSIANS.Announcemnt was made Tuesday byCharles Swetner, vice president of theEast Jellico Coal Co., with officesin Lexington, that his company hasclosed a contract with the Russiangovernment for 50,000 tons of coal tobe delivered at Odessa, Russia. Thecoal for this order will be shippedfrom New York, to which city somefifty car loads will be sent each dayuntil the order is filled.DELIVERED WHEN YOU WANTIGive something worth while.Anything in our line will make suitablepresents Furniture, Rugs, Electroliers, Pictures, ,Etc. Delivered whenyou wish.,(It) THE J. T. HINTON. CO.PRESIDENT WILSON'S MESSAGE.President Wilson delivered his message to Congress Tuesday. He favorsa large navy, decries a large standingarmy, protests against extravagance,insists that there is no negligence ofnational defense, refuses to get nervous or excited over the European war,and hopes for the opportunity to counsel and obtain peace in the world.iviiccneii:lTO -HiMitchell & Blakemore,IThe Store for Men's Stylesbaldwin:sRAINK b COl!Specials j ifs-kgt Dressed tDressedTurkeysmeDressedBroilersDressed HensOystersCeleryHead and Curly LettuceCranberriesCauliflowerPecan CakesFruit CakesHeinz's PlumPudding andMince MeatCountry ClubCakes andJelly Roll:?- tiJDWa biakemoresMORROWIS THELAST DAYOf Our Great TenReduction Sale.Buy now and save money. Anopportunity" like this will not comeagain soon. . ' ,diX.SPECIAL SALEHigh Class Suits40 SUITSAT $10.00 EACHWorth Up To $23.75.35 SUITSAT $15.00 EACHWorth Up To $35.00Toy DepartmentOpenSee Our Christmas DisplayFRANKThe Store Where, tDays"C'drParis, KentuckyNow-& GO.ReliabilityReigns..'X-fSt.9. ""x'f1-.:. j"&$Jsris, i'&rct' '-'tr , ? "'-A.' -7f-U -f - V T 'fH"XW'Vi't ,'?..,via '" -??! "2lr. ' .J w. . p .I I.J--r-f!- i '( rt . -rr.V si 'A-: i ?-lv. s.sr-. a r ' 3"5. i.iTHE . BOURBONNEWSPARIS,: .KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 1. !1S12 v"', .. i,'. ," j ' r"7 C Vt. W i;?t .,-Are Your Hands lied?by a chronic diseaso common to womankind: You feel dull headachey? Backache, pains here and there dizziness orperhaps hot flashes? There's nothing yoacan accomplish nothing you can enjoy!There's no good reason for it becauseyou can find permanent relief in .DR. PIERCE'SFavorite PrescriptionCrs. Fannie H. Brent, of Bryant, Nelson Co., Va., writes: "I believe I hadevery pain and ache a woman could have, my back was weak, and I suffered withnervousness and could not sleep at night. Suffered with soreness in my rightHp, and every month would have spells and have to -stay in bed. I have takeneight bottles of your 'Favorite Prescription' and one vial of your 'Pleasant Pellets'.Can now do my work for six in family, and feel like a new woman. I think;it is the best medicine in the world for women. I recommend it to all my friendsnd many cf them have been greatly Denefited by it.Mylfy,Sv' "jr IIDr. PIERCE'S PUEAS ANT PELLETSRelieve liver Ills!NOT HARD TO VANQUISH FEARAccording to Scientists, Deep Breathing Will Bring About Conditions'of Normality.MASTER'S SALEOF,- "GAS "The Bourbon NewsEstablished iB81 32 Years of Con-tinouuus Publication. ISWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.',HEATERS!PRICES$4.00 TO $25.00INSTALLED.Satisfaction Guaranteed.Paris 6a$ $ Electric Go.(Incorporated.)t 1 1 H .I.H..i..i.j..i..I..I..I..i,.i,j..;..:..i..i..I.4mow is(Entered at the Pans, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issuo.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.PRESIDENT DELIVERSMESSAGE TO CONGRESS.Ti Is II Worth Insuring?h?WASHINGTON, Dec. 8. PresidentWilson, in his annual address to Congress to-day, gave his answer to thosewho contend the United States is unprepared for national defense."Let there be no misconception," hesaid, "The country has been misinformed. We have not been negligentof national defense. We are not unmindful of the great responsibilityresting upon us. We shall learn andprofit by the lesson of every experience and every new circumstance,and what is needed will be adequatelydone."Assembled in joint session in thehall of the House, Senators and Representatives heard the President,reading his address in person fromthe Clerk's desk, outline the administration legislative program and voicej a fervent hope that the United StatesI might be instrumental in bringingpeace to Europe.The legislative program includespassages of the conservation bills, thebills for ultimate independence of thePhiilippines, ratification of the London convention for safety at sea, aGovernment-owned merchant marine,charting the perilous waters of theAlaskan coast, and measures for economy in all branches of the Government.CertainAsk us to give you therates. We give especial attention to all farm business.3 Try us. Call 36 or 171 day,T 56 nightPRESIDENT DOES NOT EXPECT) EXTRA SESSION.WASHINGTON, Dec. 8. PresidentWilson said to-day he did not expectthe administration legislative programwould necessitate an extra session ofCongress after March 4, and addedthat Senator Kern and Representativef . Underwood, the Democratic leaders' e 4.1. .... tt-..- i ri.1. i.jui Liie lwu nuuses agieeu wiiu ma5 views.1 W. 0. . HINT0N !:i" r HAM .ViTHE' 4'I' ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 'II I I ! ! I I I I I I.C HATOC OUIV,NEW FIRM.Expert CarriagePainter.Kr. rercy Hahn, JLhe expert Car--xiagePainter, who has been omployd by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepet 8 yers, has opened a shop at thecorner of Fouth and High Streets, andsolicits the patronage of those need-anything in his line.Both Phones 583.DO YOUR SHOPPING EARLY"He giveth twice who givethquickly." Equally does he givetwice who shoppeth early andsendeth his present so that itwill arrive on time. Do yourshopping to-day; send yourpresents to-morrow.It isn't good health that causes agirl to laugh all the time. It is usually good teeth.That we become scared because ourbreathing is shallow and hurried andour hearts beat rapidly is the strangetheory set forth in the New York Med-1ical Journal by Dr. W. J. M. A. Maloney and Dr. Victor E. Sorapure, bothof Edinburgh. We have supposed thatour hearts palpitated and our breathcame short and fast because we wereafraid."Fear without visceral change cannot occur," say these doctors. "Absence of visceral change implies absence of emotion. To control visceralchange is to control emotion. To minimize visceral change is to minimizeemotion."Deep breathing slows the heart'srate. The changing of hurried, shallow breathing into slow, deep breathing and the reducing of the heart'srate mitigate or dispel fear. So longas the breathing remains controlledand the heart slow, no considerablefear or excitement can exist."Thus, to cure terror one has but toforce himself to breathe slowly anddeeply. Should he be at the upperfloor of a blazing house, with no helpin sight, he can quell his alarm completely by slowing his heart with deepbreathing exercise; or if he be so unfortunate as to be caught napping inhis berth when the boat he is oncrashes into another in a fog, and thecaptain perhaps bawls to him to procure a life preserver, he can still thetrembling of his limbs and restoretheir carrying capacity merely by afew deep inspirations; which procedure will also, enable him to swimbetter should he be precipitated intoihe sea by a sudden explosion of theship's boilers. The lover, too, whosedespairing sighs while sitting withhis sweetheart are turned so ofteninto "shallow, hurried" inspirations ashe hears the quick step of an irateparent can hold his breath awhile,then breaihe slowly and regularly,when, presto! fear will fly out of thewindow as vengeance comes in at thedoor.And yet, in spite of all this weightof authority, there will still be simplepersons who will cling to the now soclearly exploded and therefore erroneous belief' that fear upsets their viscera rather than vice versa.L AN D.BOURBON CIRCUIT, COURT.Mary E. Rogers' Admr., &c, PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sale.Jos. A. Hildreth, &c- - DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the above styled action, the undersigned Master Commissioner willsell at public auction to the highestand best bidder, at the court housedoor in Paris, Ky., about the hour cf11 o'clock, a. m., onMONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1915,7v ."rvpfz.Kentuckian Escapes Operation , ,By Using Mayr Stomach Remedy.Mr. Burnett Says Wonderful Treatment Saved His Life WithFew Doses.the followingwit:described property, to-Didn't Discharge Him.Apropos of the stringency goingon in the financial district is thestory of a failure several years ago,and how the clearing house happenedto learn of the situation. One of thebig national banks was clearing fora certain other bank that was in trouble, and every day the president of theclearing-house 'bank would certify acouple of million dollars' worth ofchecks for the other. Finally the paying teller called attention to the factthat he was taking a mighty longchance, but the president paid no attention to the hint. Then the tellerinformed the clearing house of thesituation and the president was calledlo book. "Did my paying teller tellyou that?" demanded the president."He did," replied the chairman of theclearing-house committee. "I shalldischarge him at once," declared thepresident, bristling up with indignation. "Yout do and we'll close yourbank tomorrow," calmly replied thechairman. Needless to say, .the tellerwas not discharged. Pittsburgh Dispatch.Beginning at G, a stone in the oldBlue Lick Road, a corner to the 301.32acre tract, and running therefromalong said road S 78, W 6.89 chains;thence S 75 5-8, W 19.15 chains to I,stone in said road; thence with roadand with John R'oseberry's line S 4,W 24.78 chains to J, a stone in theeast margin of road a corner to 301.32acre tract; thence leaving road N 68,E 22.65 chains to U, a stone cornerto said tract; thence N 67 , E 16.54chains to V, a stone confer to stake;thence N 30, W 18.00 chains to thebeginning, containing 65.64 acres.But under the will of testatrix,Mary E. Rogers, one acre is reservedforburial purposes as follows:"I do now except and reserve fromthe operation of my said will and codicil one acre of land on the tract of 65acres now occupied by my brother,Jos. A. Hildreth, to be laid off so as toinclude present burial ground thereon, in which my father and my mother;and husband and child and othermembers of my family are buried, andI now will and direct that the saidone acre shall be used and maintainedperpetually as a burial ground for themembers of my family, &c," and thesaid acre will be reserved with theright of ingress and egress.Said sale will be made upon thecredit of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money,purchaser being required to execute (bond for equal parts of the purchaseprice, with good security to be approved by the said Master Commissionerand payable to said Commissioner,bearing interest at the rate of 6 percent, per annum from date of sale until paid, and to remain a lien upon theproperty sold until fully paid, and tohave the force and effect of a judgment. C. A. McMILLAN,M. C. B. C. C.TALBOTT fc WHITLEY, Attorneys.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.Horace Burnett, of Somerset, Ky.,was a sufferer from stomach disordersfor a long time. His condition became highly serious and he feared anoperation.He took Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy and got swift results.In a letter telling his experience hewrote:"Your treatment has certainly helped me wonderfully. I took my fifthdose last night and it brought good results. I have one more dose to takeand I think I will be well. Your tonicis wonderful. I can eat anything nowthat I want to. I can never getthrough thanking you for your medicine, for I know it saved my life, forI have tried all the doctors and theysaid I would have to he operated oni'Such letters come from all parts ofthe country. This remedy is knowneverywhere for its remarkagle results. Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedyclears the digestive tract of mucoidaccertions and poisonous matter. Itbrings swift relief to sufferers fromailments of the stomach, liver andbowels. Many declare it has savedtheir lives.We want all people who havechronic stomach trouble or constipation, no matter of how long standing, to try one dose of Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy one dosewill convince you. This is the medicine so many of our people havebeen taking with surprisinr results.The most thorough systen mever sold. Mayr's Wondent, sach Remedy is now sold hev. y G-.S. Varden & Son and druggists everywhere.Bourbon Laundry $Old Egypt Had Rag Dolls.Strange discoveries were made byProf. T. A. Whittemore of Tufts college while excavating in ancient Antinoe, Egypt, says the Boston Globe.A portion of his collection, just arrived, contains a scrubbing brush, arag doll, a baby sock and over a hundred pairs of shoes, socks, boots, sandals, and other forms of footwearwhich show an almost incredible resemblance to present day styles.He shows the first and oldest bootwith eyelets ever discovered in Egypt.A party slipper is made of a fine gradeof leather, ornamented with gold, redand black thread. It has a very elaborately carved piece of leather on theinstep. The scrubbing brush whichwas discovered had a wooden baseand bristles on both sides.There is a rag doll with movablearms nnri a. Tipnrl nf -wnnil. And thpreFather always gets the worst of it. I . tn nv.ea m.a nf mnn , .In Summer Daughter's men friends A J. ,'. ' .xoy spaae, wita a Done ornament at-ADDITIONAL DESCRIPTION.The above described tract, containing 65.64 acres, is a good home for aman of small means. The said landhas thereon the following improvements:A comfortable brick residence of 8rooms and cellar;A3 acre tobacco barn;Stable and ice house, large brickmeat house;The tract contains some tobaccoland- . ATwo never-failing springs and pond.The farm is situated on a good dirtroad one mile on the old Blue Lickroad, 6 miles East of Paris.Possession will be given of theabove land on March 1, 1915.For further particulars, apply toJ. H. ROSE BERRY,E. T. Phone 526.Administrator Mrs. Evaline Rogersestate.(5-12-19-dec-3t)crowd him off the front porch and inwinter hang around the inside of thehouse and prevent him from goingaround in his undershirt and feelingcomfortable.PUBLIC' OFSALEWell Improved Small FarmONWEDNESDAY, DEC. 16. 1914,at 11 oclock a. m. on the premises, we will sell to the highest bidder, a tract ofsixty acres of well improved land, located two miles north of Paris, Ky., on theXdidlee Mills pike. 4c- - a Frty acres of the land is in "grass, remainder in cultivation: plenty of-water, springs, branch and pool; fencing first-class; two good orchards. The im--jHrovementsconsist of a new five-room cottage, just completed; stock barn,splendid dairy, good cistern; outbuildings all in good repair.This is a very desirable small farm and a nice little home, convenient to thecity and on one of the best pikes in the county. Good school within 200 yards.This is just the place" for a market garden or dairy farm.The farm will be offered in two tracts, then together', and bpst bid will be"- ccepted. Tract No. 1 Forty acres all in grass, with the improvements; tract"Ho! 2 20 acres unimproved land: both tracis have good pike frontage.TERMS One-half cash, balance in two equal payments in one and two3?ears. Positive sale.HARRIS A SPEAKES, Paris, Ky.GEORGE D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer. v (2dec-4t)tached.Famous Mathematical Coach.The death has just taken place atAberdeen of David Rennet, the mostfamous mathematical coach of Scotland. The Glasgow Herald tells thathe was in the habit of fortifying hislanguage in teaching with a piquantdash of the Doric. "Your solution o'this problem, Maister So-and-So," hesaid on one occasion, "wid be a' richtif only the line A-B passed throughthe p'int C, but then, unfortunately, itdisna." "O, but mak' it!" said thepupil Napoleonically. WestminsterGazette.4fvvwTI9DWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Streeti zJuyiL" 1 r-iWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and ifcdever goes b"eck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how" your linen islaundered, yourcustomis thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALM ER.BOTH 'PHONES DA 137; NIGHT 399.UNION CENTRALV31 LIFE INSURANCE CO.Strongest Company.Lowest Net Rate.! Miss Kate AlexanderI AGENTa5Zt Pans Odorless Cleaning Co. tLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your' clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked,to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.1Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.I I ALSO SOLICITi Fire, WindI and AutomobileInsurance4iiBell TelephoneBulletins12 RECEIVERS OFF THE HOOKFinicky Amazon."How about this regiment of Amazons you were going to organize, general?'! "It fell through. We got together900 women, but before they wouldmarch to the front they insisted onbeing supplied with 687 differentbrands of face powder and 1,800 bottles of toilet water."Buffalo Number 3,000.The buffaloj)f the United States andI Ganada now number about-three thousand. v . "y'and will greatly appreciateyour consideration.MISS KATE ALEXANDER. $,4 1 MifrMA"VhM"lMilMinnI.V1 .!!... TM,vnmTl- Sore MtlS-cles. Nearalria. Backache, Ueadacheani.II..U. Vniir tnnnov hnrlf if it IU8 W1im aiir ftehe in any uart of tne ooa .fifteen minutes time.jfrtee ouc. jlz .at -wMyyw.Free iapl mnd dretiUr tent-on requeU. BOURBON REMfcDT UUMfANi,347 East Main St.,You'd be surprised to know howmany telephone receivers are leftjjpoff the hook every day, not only inresidences, but in business offices.Sometimes it is done through carelessness and often by accident.An extension desk set locatedon a table or desk is apt to bemoved into such a position thatthe receiver rests on a book or isdisplaced in some equally simplemanner. In homes, children andservants are most frequently responsible for this troubleWhen a receiver is left oft! thehook and the operator is unable toattract the attention of the subscriber, the "howler" is connectedand produces a loud noise. If thisfails to cause the subscriber to replace the receiver, the telephone isout of order until an employe canreach the place and put the receiver on the hook."When your receiver is off thehook no one can call you. Theresult is annoying to you, to thosewho wish to telephone you, whoare told your telephone Is "out oforder," and to us.So, you see, it is rather important to all of us that the receiverremain in place when. the telephone is not in use. .CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIN COR POR ATJSDm-.!JIMPERFECT IN ORIGINALm"iS-.x (. Vt -."' . ..zZLiZ&C!S'h r" ," S"v'5.V . V. vfr i.r J-A '-4. ''- s-C'J , vI ..? ".. ."'k -v ;y..VL. ' t-." '"vN-1 VV,.V"5 .-ttf." " .'- v- 'i-is - i ,- , - : -iiiiiiiiiifl iifl iiiifl iiiiiiiiifl iiiiHiiiiViiiifl'iiiiAiiiiViiiiiiiiifl 4iiiW ' liiiH ' hbIIMMMh IH Iflflflflfll bHHHM! HHlflMH HUM BHHy hHH iHHHMm HHHft HlHft IHH HHMh HHHB111 Vi ii HH I UH illPARIS, KYcon sn iwd mm.I Telephones No. 361 Ji , Jr 95S' cir-- p h i ..vr. ' I. THffri 03"aiaffafflBflra"f"ffaHHHHHHk. hhb. .BIS5ELL5 mewCyco" BALL BEARINGCARPET SWEEPER.MAKES A SENSIBLESUITABLE CHRISTMAS GIFTFOR MOTHER. WIFE, SISTER ORFRIEND - AT ALL PRICES1 NOTE OUR OTHERi I CHRISTMASSUGGESTIONSI SOMETHING FORI EVERYBODYT7waRKA- iiiiiiiiia 1 1 v 1 1 1 rir"1 r" ' " l Tis.t'-.rijXft-9Bm. VtlaTOnaHW"- ..t;! --JSS1iik ' .g:VAyBuy" Suitable and Sensible Christmas Presents-Buy Them Here!PONT WASTE MONEY ON TRASH!Have Your Presents Put Aside Now and Delivered When YouWish. Extra Inducements to Gash Buyers.I Wwll 1.1hxSqH IIIHIiibV HHTHISSewing ChairIs one of the VERY NICESTarticles for a Ladies9 Present, It has a concealedrecepticle for thread, scissors, needles, etc. Alsosee ourLadies' WritingDesks and SewingTablesDoll Beds, Velocipedes,Coasters, Go-Carts, Chairs,Sanitary Table Chairs, Cribspor the Little FolkswmMiHennecke Statuary,Hoosier Vacuum CIeanerML.I' HI I vl jtrti rrJtrtxl 71HHHI HHHP'bat Tt-lr!" - ?Jl ' 'yf-".fl " 1 1 I'fl ' 'l jSGsytyai'CJS 1The PEER of all ChristmasPresents is a. McDougall Kitchen Cabinet..A set of Grand Aluminum Ware FREE withevery Roll Front Cabinet. The-McDougall isthe Best made. A small payment gets one. 'We Are Open Nights'himrffMl . &JLiLLiLJLllLs in tWe are showing themost complete lineI tf BRASS andIRON BEDSWe have ever shown. TheyMake Desirable Presents.We Try- HardTo Give The Best Values For YourcTVIoney. Look Our Offerings OverKindel DavenportsAre the Acme of Davenport Construction.Give Yourself One For Christmasand you will shake hands with yourselfEVERY DAYGoods Delivered at YourConvenienceFop Hie MaoTheseChairsHaveNoEqualRsK The Button-and ButE wWWJ-JLOWralf&syQairs,LETUsPutItc4.sideNOWChristmas Comes this Year on25th!!Buy Here and Begin Right!Buy Here and End Right !You Can Find It HerePictures, Candlesticks, Mirrors, Pedestals, Jardiniers,Rugs, Davenports, Folding Beds, Dressers, Chifforobes,Brass Beds, Buffets, China Cases, Sewing Tables, DinChairs, Extension Tables,Martha Washington Sewing Tables,Library Tables, Sanitary Couches, Blacking Cases,Cheval Mirrors, Rocker, Writing Desks,Dressing Tables,Music Cabinets, Piano Benches, More Pictures, Table .Covers, Wood Mantels? Linoleums. Mattresses, Blankets,Comforts,Globe Wernike Book Cases,Some Pictures, Carpet Sweepers, Easy Chairs, Costum-ers, Book Ends, Electroliers, Sanitary Couches, Refrigerators, Iron BedsAND PICTURESBuy- Early While "Picking is Good"Delivered on Demandw itMTHE J. T. HINTON CO, fansHi "WKmWKm t v - ;: 1 .. - , - .. Kentucky.Gor. 6lti S MamPhones Ui .. -51.- '.v.,. .-XJw tLL 22. i'I-L ? 5l2m JLr is27 " 15iiT v?45 74 f ,572tff fji . l- - a. .THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 1 1,4 04isars:- l - " nr t" X 'f ft T if "' ' f5 j r'.Vv-fs- ". . - .I"-i ftviv'l -r- -WINTER HATS INCHIC SIMPLIGITYDaguerrotype Styles Are Herein Pull Skirts, DroopingShoulders and Stiff Nosegays. BUTTONS AND BRAID.NEW YORK, Dec. 10, 1914.A gown may be charming, but if thetjjmming is not of the proper kind orjb not properly applied, it is spoiled.This season buttons play a most important part in the ornamentation ofcovered, crocheted, braid-covered oro fbone. The bone buttons are, perhaps, the newest and smartest. Theyare generally plain and round withvisible holes. Button's are used onthe underside of a sleeve, quito closetogether from wrist to elbcw and down.the front of a waist giving a verymilitary effect.A Frock with Surplice Closing With"'and Yoked Skirt Developed in SergeA great deal of braiding is beingused on coats and suits. Not fancybraiding especially, but edges are be4ng finished with graid, or bound witha new sort of stain braid, or boundwith braid, chiffon or silk, olike.Waists of net are braided with finesoutache and a very effective trimming it is. t !-Suit cots this season are, as a rule,in the viqinity of 26 inches in length.The skirts are plain at the top andflaring out to an eight-yard hem, six; iinches from the floor. In many of jthese skirts there is an underskirt onot such huge measure.This naturally shows the crinolinetendency in our clothes. In the early'part of the last century, when thesewide skirts were worn, there wereliops beneath, to keep them standing-but and to show their entire width.-"Imagine a woman getting into a Twentieth Century street car or a FifthAvenue bus with a hoop skirt to-day.Still, with skirts widening rapidlythere is no telling quite what to.pect for when Dame Fashion gets tomoving she does not always stop at-mere consistency.The latest skirts are faced up with'twelve to fourteen inches to give theproper stiffness. And one charminggown, which I saw worn not longago at a hotel where the faithful fol-lowers of the fickle Dame assemblesxIfor tea and to dine, was not only faced-Tip very high but was corded with athick cord which made it swing at-, "tractively. ,7 Worn with, these skirts are bodices"which cut off straigh around the waist-line, in the old-time basque style.Sometimes they are corded on thedge. The sleeves were some of them- very long, and others short and puffy."The line of the low necks of thesebonices are long over the shouldersexposing the the tips of them in thefashion one sees in daguerrotypes.Others, where they are not wanted solow are finished with a fichu of thesame material which is draped aroundthe shoulders giving the long line ofthe shoulders but showing only the V"of the neck.Another crionline type is the dressv with a many flounced or ruffled skirt,VThis last with wreaths of tiny roseswoven among the ru?ffles and possiblyeafetesely oatchingone up is a mostfascinating style for an evening frock,- wiwJlv for the'rirl of .littf andJe4r lines. v T ,,The trim short bquAirtight up tfcefiront anddinewaistline, except for two short pointsbelow, i3 very smart when worn withthe full skirt The illustration is amodel which shows an idea of anAmerican designer. The yoke andfront panel of, the skirt are in one,while the fulnessis Is placed at theside in wide side pleats, thus givingthe smart outline of the winter, a flatness front and back and a flaring atthe sides.Fur is used extensively as trimmingon the winter froks. It is put aroundthe bottoms of tunics and skirts, at thelower edge of cuffs and around thenecks of suits, dresses and separatecoats. Fur is soft, but scarcely becoming to the average face and requires something to give a bit of colorso the artificial flower was placed, usually at the neck, and lo! it made thefur vastly becoming.The flower, whether artificial or natural, is a most important accessory ofa woman's toilette this season. Thecorsage bouquets of violets are always good, but the very smart andnewest thing in the way of naturalflowers is to have them made into atiny stiff bouquet, like those picturedin the days of our grandmothers.Stiffly packed together, raising in thecenter and surrounded by a stiff frillof paper lace. IIn the artificial flowers this sametiling is carried out, only the leavesare used to stimulate the frill of lace.One charming bouquet had threefrosty pink leaves placed together insuch a way as to form a triangle. Inthe center of this triangle was a stifflittle bunch of berries of a deeper pinkthan, the leaves. Another flowerwhich is having a great popularity isthe water lily in. white and pink witha large yellow center. These areshown with! long stems which areoften looped up gracefully underneaththe flower. iA combination of small fruits andtheir blossoms is very attractiveagainst the dark coat or frock.A one-piece frock which serves foran illustration has a surplice closingwaist with the new close-flittingsleeves and the fashionable yoke tunic. The lower section of the tunicis side-pleated and falls over the closerfitting: lower skirt section. A nevwide hat which it a late example ofsome of the later winter styles is wornwith this dress. A wide velvet sailor,it flares up at one side and is trimmedwith a single large red rose.A Trim Short Basque with Skirt Flaring Smartly at the Sides.The hats of the winter are exquisitein their simplicity and blending col-fix l xggs1 I Mil $ j !Mm Iilii'iFhi f?Wex-'ors. A tiny high-trimmed truban with, a crown of plum-colored velvet iswreathed in berries and soft-toned velvet roses. It is a model which ischarming when worn with eithertailored sun or frock of silk. One cunning toque made of mulberry-coloredvelvet has a high crown and velvet rib-bon falls in two streamers down the. back. The whole effect is distinctlyof the 1840 period. Some of the hatshave streamers, not only on the smallsizes but even upon the larger sailormodels. A tan sailor hat is trimmedwith five blue velvet ribbon streamerswhich fall off the brim and are continuations of ribbon that makes thecrown, running around it from brim totop. IRED CROSS SEALS.The Red Cross Christmas Seals arebeing sold in Paris by the BourbonCounty Health and "Welfare Leagueand may be found at each drug storein town, Shire & Fithian's, and theParis Book Store The proceeds fromtheir sale will be used in BOURBONCOUNTY, for the prevention and cureof tuberculosis.Loveless marriages are quite common. But & girl ' simply couldn'tthink of a-Tlnglees engagement.Aadman idi". til tou to 0 Tto'ahe fed'wosiaju can tell yoiTthat inithe-Realisnow reasons-why -an undertakerImttoniHriBevtt? 'roffMm wl11 3ou jkife 'nMllddramatheVilliaa usually I kKould -talkshopVKenieifisitini-diaeat the tkr. 1 f "r"U :i gets ,the rL'V iA && a-siclcj&lenaV d Y& " '' " j ' " '"4llj''' " T " J"j " ' ? ?t - ,v -' vwtiiiijnr- - - - ' J""" i-.gT i-mrr?nii-iim i t v i 4 b kcv. biaw nK j - r mt ih-ba. anPJSiBA i P?1. HHkv HH krWill find it easy to do their shopping at our store, and whenthey buy at our store that will please all of the family, as apiece of Furniture adds so much to the pleasure of the home.Leti9 iWffiTtapLibraryA beautiful Library Table will be very pleasing to thewife. Also a Dining Table for the Christmas dinner willmake a present that the family will all enjoy, and something that will last a lifetimeLET US SHOW YOU!A. F.j Main Street.RED CROSS SEALS DECREASETUBERCULOSIS RATE."Wonld lo God your work had startedfifty years ago," was the comment ofan Arizona consumptive in "writing theother day to Dr. Hoyt E. Dearholt, executive secretary of the WteonsinAnti-tnberculosis association. Tart ofthe letter follows:"Fine work, old chap! That decreasein the death rate seems a remarkablegain to me. I had not expected resultsas soon as that I have always laughedat the authorities who claimed that inten years a case of tuberculosis wouldbe as rare as one of smallpox is today.The bad work of centuries cannot beundone in ten years, and so I marvelat your wonderful progress. I trust theerrors in statistics, if any, are all inyour favor. You inspire me. Would toGod your work had started fifty yearsago. Probably then the disease wouldhave missed me."The letter contained a check for RedCross Seals, from the sale of which theentire support of the Wisconsin workis derived. Every seal you buy is a bullet in the fight against tuberculosis.ELLENEXPLAINS REDCROSSSEALS.Ellen, who is seven years old andlives out in Kansas City, came homefrom school the other day with a red,green and white "subscription card"the teacher had given her. Her motherhad seen something about Red CrossSeals in the paper, but didn't knowjust what it was all about"Oh," said the seven-year-old proudly, "don't you know? They use themoney to take care of sick folks sickfolks that haven't got any money totake care of 'emselves. The moneythey get fiom the Santy Claus sealsgoes to run a hospital for those folks.And they pay doctors and nurses toteach people how to get well and hownot to get sick. Teacher told us allabout it See, this paper tells."Then Ellen's mother read the folderthat small daughter had brought home,telling how often tuberculosis can beprevented, and when she had finishedshe signed the card for a liberal number of seals.DO YOUR BUYING EARLYAND AVOID BIG CROWDS.Remember the crowds thatthronged the stores last Christmas when you were buyingyour presents. Avoid thesecrowds now by doing yourshopping early.iThe- Hero always gets the 'girl in,he stage, melodrama But any marri-J e, believe in advertising.al'WOHiaiu can tell yoifthat iriithe-RealiVnow reasonwlfy Iran iXTsBrass and Iron BedsA Beautiful Line of Brass and Iron BedsOn Display.Let Us Make Your Home Look Cheerful ForChristmas NOWand Dining Tables wsgWheeler Furniture CoCHAS. GREEN, Manager Opp. Court House.TROUBLES NEVER COME SINGLY.A special dispatch from Winchester,Ky., on Thursday, Dec. 3, says:'Fred Craycraft, of Winchester, received a message a short time ago, announcing that his father, John D. Craycraft, had been lost in the mountainsof Montana, and the body found. Today Mr. Craycraft received anothermessage stating that his brother, Ed.Cray ci aft, was accidently killed atGlendive, Mont.,late yesterday. Hewas employed by the Northern Pacific Railroad and is believed to havebeen killed by a train."The body will be shipped fromMontana to Winchester, but it is notknown when it will arrive. Mr. Craycraft married Miss Callie Cook, adaughter of James Cook, of Winchester." Mr. Fred Craycraft was a son of Mr.John D. Craycraft, who formerly resided near North Middletown. Laterthe family moved to Clark County,where they purchased a farm. Severalyears ago Mr. and Mrs. Craycraftand family moved to Montana, wherethey have since resided.CHRISTMAS DONT'SDon't put off your shoppinguntil the last minute DO ITNOW.Don't waste time in buyinghaphazard.Don't let impulse lead youto choose inferior articles orto pay high prices.Shop early early in themorning, if possible, and planyour Christmas lists in advance. Sit down with t he BourbonNews in your hand, run youreye over the advertising pagesand make your plans accordingly. The advertising willnot only only give you manysplendid suggestions, but itwill also post you as to thebest place to buy among theNews' advertisers "the homefolks."LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)When Father forgets to take hiskey and gets home about 2 a. m. hehas to ring the bell for an hour and ahalf before he wakes Mother and getsher to open the door. And next morning oMther will bawl Father out andtell him that she never slept a winkall night waiting for him to comehome. IA man may admit that he doesn'texcel in some things. But he willlet you lenow that he is a good judgeof Human Nature.Most men are near-sighted when inthe neighborhood of a "No Trespassing" sign or a weding ring on,-a woman's finger.'?But thatChristmas ShoppersSlicywWar and Woman."There is, perhaps, no woman whocould look down upon . battlefieldcovered with slain, hut the thoughtwould rise in her, 'So many motherssons! So many young bodies broughtinto the world to lie there! So manymonths of weariness 'and pain whilebones 'and muscles were 'shaped within! So many hours of Anguish andstruggle that breath might be! Somany baby mouths drawing life atwomen's breasts all this, that menmight lie with glazed eyeballs, andswollen faces, and fixed, blue, unclosedmouths, and great limbs tossed!' Andwe cry, 'Without an inexorable cause,this must not be ! ' No woman who is awoman says 'of a human body, 'It isnothing!'"Women will 'end war when hervoice is fully and clearly heard in thegovernance of states because, on thisone point, and on this point almostalone, the knowledge of woman, simply as woman, is superior to that oman. She knows the history of human flesh; she knows its cost; hedoes not." Olive Schreiner.For Drying Ball Grounds.A machine fitted with gasoline blowtorches was put in use last summer ata Tacoma (Wash.) baseball park forthe purpose of artificially drying thegrounds following rainstorms. The apparatus is similar in principle to devices used in asphalt navement repairs. It is built with an iron framein the shape of an equilateral triangle,mounted horizontally on swivel wheels,carrying five coil ourners with down-'ward projecting jets. Over theseburners is a deflector hood with adjustable wings made of galvanized ironand asbestos. At the front of the carriage are a gasoline tank and pressurepump, which supply the fuel. Whenthe machine is drawn slowly over amoderately wet field, it is assorted,the ground is within a short time driedsufficiently for use. Popular Mechanics. Queer Lights.'Spealcing purely as a neutral," saidRepresentative Harvey Helm the other dayin Washington, "I can't helpremarking what odd lights the various powers have to throw on eventsin order to make them seem favorableto themselves."Now England, now Russia, nowGermany and now Prance comment onevents so strangely that I am reminded of Hellyon."Hellyon, talking about his employer, a manufacturer, "said:"'He's no harsh taskmaster. He'sno speeder-up. Other firms have thishere blasted eigbthour law ye gotto git through, a whole Tdav' work-iniighthours or; qnije- JB downto our.Blace ve can" tir vr kwLtTTotlrsiemm frunr?I "Here is the Answerfini . WebsterS .( NEW iNTERNATiONALThe Mermau wesstekEvery day in your talk and reading, atg home, on the street car, in the othec. shopand school ou likely question the mean-ingr of some new -word. A friend nsM-:H "What makes mortar 1-irdjn?" Yon stekthe location of LocfKatnncor thopronun-H ciation of jujutsxu Whit is zchite cual?g This New Creation answers all kinds ofquestions in Lanjruasrc.HMory.Biop raph7,Fiction, Forcijni Vords, Tndcs, Arts andsciences, lottli final authority. jsy,400.000 Words. W&3.VUOO Illustrations.Cost $400,000.2700 Paxas.The only dictionary withtllA ntm fttntrlzrl nnng Ymr-acterued as "A Stroke of V-Genius." wv"H India Papsr D." n: f?India rjjr " -vnit n -ii. NlMifaction to .n Wic.Tlit.ri r-i. "i',lilA JihWebster in a form soand so convenient to u-.e!vsuc ii. in lug iiutrwu. I.IU.Vf weight of Regular Edition, pgff linlP 4!.r 4K1 .... n SIOn stronp book paper. "Wt.g 142ilbs. Sizclij&xQ-nx5 inches.Wrlto for ipechaas pagM,uivsirauosf, etc.Mention thispublicationand recelvaFEEE&Mtof pocitoupt.I G.&C.I MERtUAMI CO.,Springfield, Mass.I3h.DO YOUR SHOPPING EARLY."He gives twice who givethquickly." 'Equally does he givetwice who shoppeth early andsendeth his presents so that itwill arrieve on time. Do yourshopping to-day; send yourpresents to-morrow.!vysvaF3KBrElF.7Ih,rht .w '7fcJ ntnmimMUMS tiikW .mwm'if54Miilllllllll AWmmmrram MbjaMKill IU"1 HIM&m&IBKKIS&::::xXrr.- tvWHv,rx " -. : ,e .V-'S- M" .- VX'sv.j .v. z- - V- -' J-- KTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, jCY.y DECEMBER 41 IM4-. -This is a very 'fine Steel CutCoffee, with an attractiveteaspoon in each package.For sale by all grocers at20 cents per ponnd. 'is roasted and packed frwi 'WW1'hot under the most improved w&entific method. It is guaranteedto you as the very best coffee dthe market today. For sale -fcjrall first class erocers at 30c fe-RED BALL COFFEEk':Certified Check CoffeeSlfeMa,One reason why a woman loses herSweet Disposition aft-er she gets married is because a1 Sweet Dispositiondoesn't help much when you are driving a mule.KEEP' ITHOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure.F. J. CHENEY & CO .Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years, andbelieve him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and financiallyable to carry out any obligations madeby his firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodan-1 mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75 centsper bottle. Sold by all Druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills lor consti-EstxsaEa"SSKsSair--TMitchellNever in the history of Paris has a sale met with such conspicious success. Every department offering un pa railed pricereductions, and every purchase made assures you of supreme and exceptional value.TOMORROW THE LAST DAYMaybe never again will such high-class and seasonable merchandise be offered at such ridiculously low prices. -Thetime to attend, is at once, as there are only two more days.There is not a store in the UnitedState, no matter how large, that carrythree better makes of Clothing thanwe do Stein-3loch, Hirsh-Wickwireand Michael Stern.. .These manufacturers have a reputation that is international. We carry the three combined makes. VVe only handle all-woolgarments. ' , 4Men's SuitsOne lot John Dickey Kersey Suits,$12.50 and $10.50 Values. SalePrice . $6.98Men's Suits in Medium and HeavyWeights, conservative styles, including materials Cheviots, Cassimeres and Scotch mixtures,$15.00 Values. Sale Price. . .$10.45Men's Business and Dress Suits,comprising Worsteds, Thibets,Tweeds, etc. $18.00 Values.Sale Price- . $12.98Men's Suits v Fancy Worsteds,Serges an cotc:i Cheviots inthe new ai.- wagger cut sacks$22.50 Values. .Sale Price ..$16.79Men's Suits of fine home and foreign suitings of style and tone,tailored in garments of faultlessfashion... $25.00 Values... SalePrice $18.89Men's Suits in a grand assortmentof Blacks, Blues, Crowns, Greys,etc., in Cassimeres, Scotch andnobby tweed mixtures. $27.50 Values... Sale Price $21.65Men's Suits that ar& perfection inevery detail, perfect fitting andhand-made throughout... $30.00Values... Sale Price $22.79Men's Overcoats &BalmacaarisNO FINER SELECTION ANYWHERE. $10.00 Men's Overcoats. SalePrice $3.93$12.50 Men's OvercoatsSale Price.$8.45$15.00 Men's OvercoatsSale Price $10:45$18.00 Men's Overcoats and Balmacaans...Sale Price $12.98$20.00 Men's Overcoats and Balmacaans. Sale Price $14.48C'22.50 Men's Overcoats and Bslmacaans. Sale Price -1679$25.00 Men's Overcoats and Balmacaans...Sale Price $18.89$30.00 Men's OvercoatsSale Price $22.7935.00 Menj Overcoats M.onSale Pfffe 'V.'$40.00 Men's Overcoats of vicunas and Montanacs, in Graysand Blacks, silk lined througn-out. Sale Price $31'49Handkerchiefs25c: White Linen HandkerchiefsSale Price ldc50c Purp Linen Hananererncis.Sale Price.38cHANDYFOR RHEUMATISM.LUKE(Cincinnati Enquirer.)We may be finnicky. But we believe that a girl whose props areshaped like a pair of ice tongs iswasting good money when she takesTango lessons.Parrots are not the only animalsthat talk all the time without knowingwhat -they are talking about.The best thing that can be said forWinter is that it covers a multitudeof dirty-looking elbows.No use to squirm and wince and tryto wear out your Rheumatism. It willwear you out instead. Apply someSloan's Liniment. Need not rub it injust let it penetrate all through theaffective parts, relieve the sorenessand draw the pain. You get ease atonce and feel so much better f youwant to go right out and tell othersufferer's about Sloan's. Get a bottle of Sloan's Liniment for 25 cents ofany druegist and have it in the houseagainsx Colds, Sore and SwollenJoinst, Lumbago, Siatica and like ailments.-Your money back if not satisfled, but it does give almost instantrelief. Buy a bottle to-day.(adv-dec)MRS. McCLAIN'S EXPERIENCE WITH CROUP.."When my boy,was subject toways alarmedberlain's Cough Remedy proved farbetter than any other for this trouble.It always relieved him quickly. I amnever without it in the house for Iknow it is a positive cure for croup,"writes Mrs. W. R. McCain, Blairsville,Pa. For sale by all dealers.(adv-dec)LONDON, Dec. 8. Thirty-four members of the crew of the oil steamerVedra, en route from Mexico to Barrow, perished to-day when the veseltook Are and burned.TO ATTEND THE SALE ATMen's TrousersAN IMMENSE ASSORTMENT OFSTYLES AND PATTERNS TOCHOOSE FROM. STRICTLY TAI- .' LOR-MADE.$2.00 Men's TrousersSale Price $1.29$3.00 Men's TrousersSale Price $1.98$4.00 Men's TrousersSale Price : $2.98$5.00 Men's TrousersSale Price $3.97$6.00 Men's TrousersSale Price $4.48$8.00 Men's TrousersSale Price $5.98Keystone CorduroyPantsTHE BEST PANTS IN THE WORLD.SUITABLE FOR HUNTING ANDOUTDOOR WEAR.$4.50 Corduroy PantsSale Price $3.74$4.00 Corduroy PantsSale Price $3.19$3.00 Corduroy Pants ,Sale Price : $2.24Men's MackinawCoatsSTRICTLY ALL WOOL.$6.00 Ail-Wool Mackinaw Coats.Sale Price $4.48$8.00 -All-Wool Mackinaw Coats.Sale Price $5-98$10.00 All-Wool Mackinaw Coats.Sale Price $6.45$12.50 "All-Wool Mackinaw Coats.Sale Price $8.47Boys Suits andOvercoatsMADE EXPRESSLY FOR BOYSTHAT ARE HARD ON THEIRCLOTHES.$5.00 Boys' Suits and Overcoats.Sale Price $3.93$5.00 Boys' Suits and Overcoats.-Sale Price $4.24$8.50 Boys' Suits and Overcoats.Sale Prire $5.98.10.00 Boys' Suits and Overcoats.Sale Price ; $3.49$12.50 Boys' Suits and Overcoats.Sale Price S8.24Men's ShoesWE CARRY SUCH WELL-KNOWN,MAKES AS STETSON, DR. REEDCUSHION SOLE AND KORRECTSHAPE SHOES IN ALL LEATHERS.McLUKE SAYS.SICK HEATSick headache is nearly alwayscaused by disorders of the stomach.Correct them and the periodic attack'sof sick headache Avill appear. Mrs.John Bishop of Roseville, O., writes:"."About a year ago I was troubledwith indigestion and had sick headache that lasted for two of threedays at a time. I doctored and trieda" number of remedies but nothinghelped me until during one of thosesick spells a friend advised me totake Chamberlain's Tablets. Tis medicine relieved me in a short time."For sale by all dealers.(adv-dec)Ray, was small heA woman is afraid ofshe'd just like to see abluff her. iThis is a pretty goodcroup, and I was alats uch times. Cham-jsidering the fact that the Fool Killerloafs on the job most of the time.Some of the clinging costumes seem jto cling because they fear a girl fcouldn't miss them if they happened to 'let go. '. Korrect ShapeShoes$4.00 Men's ShoesSale Price $3.24$4.50 Men's ShoesSale Price $3.59Dr. Reed's CushionSole Shoes$5.50 Men's ShoesSale Price$5.00 Men's ShoesSale Price.$4.49.$4.98Stetson Shoes$6.00 Stetson ShoesSale Price $4.49$7.00 Stetson ShoesSale Price $4.98GREAT REDUCTION ON ENTIRELINE OF LEATHER SUITCASES, TRAVELINGBAGS AND TRUNKS$2.00 Suit CasesSale Priec 98c$5.00 Suit CasesSale Price $3.97$15.00 TrunksSale Price $11.25Men's Hats & CapsA few $5.00 Stiff Hats at 98c$2.50 Men's soft and stiff HatsSale Price $1.74$3.00 Men's soft and stiff HatsSale Price $2.38$4.00 Men's soft and stiff Hats.Sale Price $2.97$5.00 Dunlap HatsSale Price $3.49$2.00 Fur lined CapsSale Price $1.48$1.50 Fur lined CapsSale Price $1.15$1.00 Men's and Boy's CapsSale Price 89c50c Men's and Boys' CapsSale Price .' 39c$2.50 Near Seal CapsSale Price $1.89$5.00 Alaskan Seal' CapsSale Pirce $3.49$10.00 Genuine Seal CapsSale Price $6.93Men's Overalls50c and 75c Overalls and JacketsSale Price 38c$1.50 and $1.25 Keystone Overallsand Jackets. Sale Price 98cBoy's and Men's Suspenders25c Men's and Boys' SuspendersSale Price 19c50c Men's SuspendersSale. Price 38cACHE.If In ', Mi New :l 1 "Easy- 1I: Opening- -1. Box" :l BLACK :l. WHITE IITAN .ya mouse. Butman who couldold world conThere was a time in this countrywhen it was Improper to display theankles, and a girl's lace trimmed pantalettes came down to her shoe tops.But it is different these days.The old-fashioned woman who usedto serve breakfast in the kitchen nowhas a married daughter who puts ascreen in front of the gas range andeats in the "breakfast room." 'Blakemore'sMen's Rubber Bootsand OvershoesMen's Heavy Arctic Overshoes.Regular $2.00 Quality. SalePrice $1.48Men's Heavy Arctic Overshoes,Solfd r.eubber, $2.50 Quality.Sale Price $1.74Men's ubber Boots, heavy rolledsole and snag proof, $5.00 Quality. Sale Price $3.50Men's HuntingShoes$7.50 Witch Elk ShoesSale Price $5.48$8.50 Witch Elk ShoesSale Price $7.49$9.50 Witch Elk ShoesSale Price $8.48$10.50 Witch Elk ShoesSale Price $9.49Men's Sweaters$10.00 All-Wool Spaulding Sweaters. Sale Price $7.98$2.00 All-Wool Spaulding Sweaters. Sale Price $6.43$5.00 All-Wcol SweatersSale Price $3.89$2.00 All-Wool SweatersSale Price 98cMen's Fancy Vests$2.00 Fancy VestsSale Price 98c$3.00 Fancy VestsSale Price $1.48$4.00 Fancy VestsSale Price $1.98Men's Fur Lined &Kid GlovesIN SUEDE AND KIDS GREYS' AND TANS.50c Men's and Boys' GlovesSale Price 38c75c Men's and Boys' Gloves 'Sale Price 59c$1.00 Dress and Work GlovesSale Price 89c$1.50 Men's Dress GlovesSale Price $1.19$2.50 Men's Lined and UnlinedGloves. Sale Price $1.89$4.00 Men's Fur Lined GlovesSale Price j $2.98$5.00 Men's Fur Lined GlovesSale Price $3.97Brightensupmillionof shoesSHOEdailyPOLISHESDO YOUR SHOPPING EARLYAND AVOID THE CROWDSRemember the crowds that -thronged the stores last Christmas when you were , buying -yourpresents. Avoid those "crowds now by doing your -shopping early.Men's Neckwear15 dozen Four-in-hands that originally sold for 50c, 75c, and $1.Sale Price 25c50c Men's Silk Four-in-hand andBatwings. Sale Price 38c75c Men's Silk NeckwearSale Price 53c$1.00 Imported Silk NeckwearSale Price 63c ,$1.50 Handsome French Silk TiesSale Price $1-15Men's NegligeeShirtsWE CARRY ALL THE BESTi KNOWN BRANDS.50c Negligee Shirts.Sale Price 25c$1.00 Negligee Shirts Cuffs attached. Sale Price 79c$1.59 Negligee Shirts Cuffs attached. Sale Price $1.15$2.00 Negligee . Shirts Cuffs attached. Sale Price $1.48$2.50 Negligee Shirts Cuffs attached. Sale Price $1.89Men's UnderwearOUR LINE OF UNDERWEAR REPPRESENTS SUCH WELL-KNOWNMAKES AS BUOFOLD, MUNSINGAND COOPER SPRING NEEDLE,IN BOTH UNION AND TWO-TWO-PIECESUITS.50c Men's Underwear.Sale Price 39c each$1.00 Men's UnderwearSale Price, Suit 79c$2.00 Men's Underwear.Sale Price, Suit $1-48$2.50 Men's Underwear.Sale Price, Suit S1.89$3.00 Men's Underwear.Sale price, Suit $2.24$3.50 Men's UnderwearSale Price, Suit $2.48$5.00 Men's UnderwearSale Price,, Suit $3.98Men's Half Hose10c Men's Hose Black and TanSale Price 5c pair15c Men's Cotton HoseSale Price 9c pair32 Dozen Men's Fancy Hosierythat sold regularly for 50c.Sale Price 19c pair25c Men's Wool and Cotton HoseSale Price 19c pair50c Men's Pure Silk HoseSale Price 29c pairMen's Hose of Lisle and MacoYarn, 50c quality.Sale Price 38c pairrf vv.3v ar,v-U' A ? ' fv-.. ?. r ,.4w -JL.- J-u5 v? -&XjjiXfSi 'e' 'yV-Iw',4THE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 1 1 1914! i -5" V ff. MAm WHITE CHRISTMAS" COMMITTEES MAKE DEFINITE PLANS."KTie chairmen of the various commit'lees charged with the matter of making arrangements for the celebrationef a ."White Christmas" in Paris thisyear, held a meeting at the office ofMr; Earl Mast, Secretary of the Y. M.C. A., yesterday afternoon, and reached an understanding as to plans for theevent, which will he something decidedly nnusual and unique in the historyof Paris. IA big Christmas tree will be erectedon the Court House square on Chrismas Eve, which will be decorated andlighted by hundreds of colored electric lights, and will be adorned bysifts of all descriptions for the "comrmanity people," the young folks whocannot otherwise obtain them. Christmas carols will be sung by a choir ofvoices picked from the various churches of the city, under the direction ofDr. Frank Fithian.The "White Christmas" exercisesTHEATRICALSOGALANDPERSONALColumbia Theatre.Monday, Dec. 14., The Trey 0'1 Hearts The Sunset Tide (Fifth Epi-sode Two Parts Alan, Rose andBarcus ride through the fog. Aboardthe steamer Judith determines to goafter Alan. When she suggests goingout in the fog to the captain he scoffsat her. Slfe arranges with, her menand they procure a small boat. Asthey are launching it, Judith stands,giving the final orders. jThe sailors onthe steamship rush up to stop her.She jumps overboard (her men in the jmeantime having made away with theboat) and her men later pick her upin the small boat. They row on inthe fog. At last they strike a reefand their boat is damaged. They arestranded and await for help. Theprogress of the plot develops morewill be held in the Paris Opera House "".""s .". "" i .tuuieuw iii-U" -i.I t- ,,.oi , carried forward to the very close.on Monday night, December 21.On next Sunday .at the different Sunday schools in the city the matter ofdetermining what the different gradesof the Sunday schools will donate "willtoe taken up. It has been proposedthat the members enrolled in the"Cradle Roll" bring gifts from theirown wardrobes suitable for children;that members of the Primary Department bring apples and oranges andother fruits; that the members of theJunior Grade bring potatoes in anyfjuantity f roni one to a bushel; that themembers of the Older IntermediateGrade bring foodstuffs, such as package cereals, canned goods and fruits,-etc.; that the young men members ofthe Junior Grade bring flour in sacks,and the girl members bring dolls andliair ribbons. The Young Ladies'Class and the Young Men's Class are"to be asked to bring gifts as a class,-Eucli as a load of coal, a barrel of apples, etc., and the Adult Classes are.asked to make contributions of money,clothes and provisions, or such articles as will tend to make the Christmas -a merry one.Several Paris merchants have alTeady signified their intention and-willingness to make donations to thegeneral cause of a large consignmentof their shopr-worn goods, such as..suits of clothes, overcoats, underwear,gloves and other articles of a usefulnxture, and the request is made thatany others who may feel inclined topart with the shop-worn goods for-which they hare no use will kindlyotlfy Mr. Mast, at the local office ofthe Y. M. C.,A. and he will have themcalled for.The Idea of a "White Christmas" iscertainly a most novel one, and this-will "be one Christmas in Paris wheneveryone will have some proportion ofeajoyment. The "Community Christmas Tree''' and the -"White Christmas"are not in the interest of any deonmination or creed and all will have a-share -and a hepling hand in the goodwork.i(adv)RULES FOR SHIPPING CHRISTMAS EXPRESS PACKAGES.early,No. 1. Ship your packageto-day, if possible.No. 2. Whenever "possible usestrong wooden boxes for packing. Itmay cost a few cents more, but thedanger of loss and damage is verymuch reduced. True, if the shipmentis lost or damaged, the Express Company will pay for it, but that will giveyour friend no pleasure.No.' 3. Write the address plainlyand in full; town, county and State,also street and number, on box orwrapper with ink or crayon. !Use tags only when absolutely necessary as they are easily torn off andlost in handling shipments.No. 4. If you desire to prepay thecharges, write the word, "paid," inlarge plain letters on the package.No. 5. Insist upon a receipt and ifcharges are paid,see that such amountis shown on receipt, also declare valueof'shipment and have such value embodied in the receipt.No. 6. Write your own name andaddress plainly on package, showingyourself as shipper and also endorsed ; same timeMrs. Lucy Simms was reportedyesterday as being critically ill.Mrs. R. B. Rippetoe visited relative in Cynthiana the first of the week.Mrs. Elizabeth Howse, of Carlisle,is visiting her daughter, Mrs. RudolphDavis, in this city.Mr. Albert Hinton was able to beat his place of business yesterday after a six-weeks' illness.Mrs. Frank Clay entertained theNew Bridge Club at her home in EastParis yesterday afternoon.Miss Mary Peed returned to herhome in Mayslick, Wednesday, after avisit to her sister, Mrs. Albert Hinton.Miss Martha Ferguson will be thehostess to the Young Women's BridgeClub at its next meeting, on Mondayafternoon.Mrs. Griffin, of Cynthiana, spentseveral days this week with her.daughter, Mrs. O. L. Mattox, on Seventh street.Mrs. Lee Calhoun and daughter,Elizabeth, of Cynthiana, were guestsof her sister, Mrs. George Phillips, onMain street, this week.Mr. and Mrs. Lee Beall had asguests several days this week Mrs.Robert Woolums, of Indiana, and Mrs.Mabel Hurst, of Millersburg.Miss Anna Conway, of Chicago, aformer resident of Millersburg, arrived yesterday to be a guest of her un-I cle, Mr. W. H. H. Johnson, on Secondstreet.Mr. and Mrs. Virgil D. Chandler,and Miss Evelyn Chandler, of Miamisburg, Ohio, arrived yesterday to beguests for the Christmas holidays ofMr. W. H. H. Johnson, on Secondstreet.The young people of the Hutchison vicinity will give a dance at thehall near Hutchison, to-night. Thesehave always proved very delightfulsocial occasions, and the dance tonight will be no exception.An enjoyable piano recital wasgiven at the Paris Home School, Tuesday afternoon by the music pupils ofMiss, Elizabeth Giltner. A display otthe drawings made by the pupils ofMrs. W. A. Harp was made at theJ-a-fcVTr "JlsSSpVy N -7 'itT kink, Mr. Buyer! !For 48 years this house has catered to thewant of the people in this section- in the Jewelry line and we believe that in all that timewe have ever been faithful to the trust placedin us.a card bearing your full name and address so that in case outside markbecomes mutilated or defaced and consignee's address is lost, you can bepromptly notified.No. 7. If not convenient to ship ina box use strong wrapping paper andtie with strong cord. Do not usenewspaper or other paper that hasany writing on it as it may misleadthe employe handling same and resultin loss or delay.No. 8. If package contains anything of a perishable nature write theword "perishable," in large plain letters on box or package to insurespecial attention en route and at timeof delivery. jMOON DAY LUNCHEON ATPHOENIX FOR 40 CENTS.SOCIAL RECEPTION FOR NEWMEMBERS AT M. E. CHURCH.An informal social session was heldat the Methodist church WednesdayMrs. R. G. Stoner, of Mt. Sterling,was in the city yesterday on her return from a short visit to olonelStoner's daughter, Mrs. Sidney G.Clay, at Baltimore, where Mrs. Clay isresiding for the musical deucation ofher daughter, Miss Alice Rogers Clay.A delightful ger,man will be givenby the young society folks and a fewof the married couples during Christmas week at the Masonic Temple.The exact date has not yet been decided upon. The Bourbon DancingClub will also entertain the sameweek with a dance. 'Miss Bessie Ewalt entertained thefollowing house party at the home ofher grandfather, Mr. John Current,near Shawhan: Misses Lena Keller,of Paris; Catherine Graham, of Louisville; Messrs. Snell Moore, of Lexington; Newsum Keller, of Paris; LyleDuvall and Blair Delling, of Louisville.Mr. Robert Frank, Jr., and Mr.Geo. R. DavisMeft for Chicago thismorning. The former will spend threeweeks as a guest of his uncle, Mr.Irvine Keller, and Mrs. Keller, andMr. Davis- will visit his daughter, Mrs.William Swearengen, during theChristmas holidays.An oyster supper will be given onThink, Mr. Jewelry Buyer.Does not this 48 years of unsullied service stand for something?, Does it not represent to you an intrinsic commercial value? Can it notonly impress you with the fact that this house must not only handlethe right kind of goods and sell them at the right prices, but also havegiven good honest service, to have established an honorable recordfor this length of time?Yes, think it over, Mr. Jewelry Buyer, and then call and "inspectour stock and prices.We Are Now Prepared to DisplayComplete Holiday LineOurITIip "Phoenix Hotel Company. Lexington, formally opened its new Grjll , night, at which time the 250 new memHoom'on Monday, December 7, withjbers who have recently united withan elaborate 40c noon day luncheon that denomination were welcomed asand a special musical program from I members.T2 oVlook noon until 2 d. m. The A reception committee greeted the"Phomiiv Grill has been greatly en- i new members at the door and pinned jUrged and is flnisbed in the celebrat-: a small white ribon on each soed specially designed Rockwood tiling 1 they might be distinguished from theat a cost of $20,000, and is considered j other members.the handsomest equipped south of the Rev. Dr. J. S. Sims presided andOhio river. I niade some very appropriate remarks,a most attractive feature of the new after which he introduced the Super-iJrill Room is the six special party J intendent of the Sunday School, Mr. sion of tWenty-nve cents will be charg-roojns for. use for private functions, ; n. a. rower, wno weiconieu uie new The general public is cordially inaccommodating as many as tmny per- memuera uilu umi. uciwhiucih, ul mccas8 pari,, and are intended for Busi-! clmrch work. Following Mr. Power" - . . l-r. -r irwith all the newest and snappiest novelties in the market. We are showing thenew styles in Stone Set Back Combs, Stone Set and Jet Chains, Mesh Bags andVanities in guaranteed gold-filled stock, Ladies' Watch Bracelets an especialstrong line in this class of goods.As A Special This Week we are offering an excellent one-daytimeClock, fully guaranteed, at the remarkable price of fifty cents. See ourwindow display, ,Buy Early and Avoid the Christmas Rush.Any selections made now will be reserved until the Holidays.THE HOUSE OF QUALITY. FOR JEWELRY,shire & rrn-iiAN9m9mcMwplace, the home of the Misses Williams, on Pleasant street.Miss Nannie 'Miller left yesterdayfor Ashland, to he the guest ot her isister, Miss Annie Miller, and herniece, Mrs. Henry Preston.The Ladies' League of the Catho-HALMANNOUNCEMENT.Thursday, December 17, at the store I "c church gave an enjoyable social at i 4Lnnouncement cardsi H,,Jknn w th Missinnnrv Sno.i-! their hall on High street, last night, I A?nouncement cardsin Hutchison, by the Missionary Society of the neighborhood, the proceedsto be devoted to the fund being raisedfor the suffering Belgians. An admisrealizing a neat sum, which will be aphave been issued toplied to the fund being raised for the ""lends . m- Bourbonbenefit of the Belgian sufferers.(Other Personals on Page 5)-ness Men's Group Luncheons, private Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, President of thedinners or small fraternity banquets. Paris Epworth League, was introducedThe ventilation of the new Grill is and welcomed the new additions toliken care of hy speciality designed the church on behalf of -the organizamwwiraittis and every care has been i tion he represented.iji&en to make excellence or cuisine auc pieaiuem. ui luc umwcui unavited to attend.While ahtomobiling with friends'near Kutch, Colorado, where sheis spending: the winter, MissLADIES, READ!Don't forget we have all kinds ofEthel j beautiful Christmas novelties. TheseRice, of Paris, jumped from the car ( goods are new and up-to-the-minute inwlien she thought it was going into aditch, and sustained a dislocatedshoulder blade. She was removed tod mm fort of eood service the work- sionaries were introduced and each J H lmsnifnl whp.rp. she i is renorted aiag basis. fThe public is cordially in- made an appropriate talk. Mrs. H. A. j getting along nicely.Tiled to inspect the new Grill. Power represented the Women's Mis-1 Among tne visitors in this city theJOSEPH M. AND JOHN SKAIN, sionary Society; Miss Frances Han- past week was Ur Percy Jones 0faiv) Managers. cock, the Young Ladies' Missionary Tucstm Arizona, whose father, Mr.Socjety, and little Miss Dorothy Tin- Percy Jones Sn was for many yearsSAVED HER CATTLE. -j Sle tlle Juvenile Missionary Society. a resident of this city, having been en-: Mr. Jas. McClure, President of the gaged in the capacity of RoadmasterSome time ago a Bourbon county Bard of Stewards, spoke on behalf of of the Louisville and Nashvilean, who finds time enough after e Official Board, at which time he Railroad Co. Mr. Jones lias beensowing her household affairs, to introduced each member of the Board bu&y noting tne many cnanges in Paristake an interest in her husband's farm j t0 ? ?reTg Hl ?:lflrlr Ppp(!idpnt nf since he residede here.olairs, is said to be a real judge of I ,Priesi?enJJ- L- Clark President of The regular meeting of Progres-stock. and has frequently made trades ; Kentucky Wesleyan College who for siye Culture Club was held Wednesdaywkk buyers without her husband's our years was pastor of the Pans afternoon with Miss Clara Belle-iaowledge, and, that, too, at better church was present, and in a short O'Neill, at her home on High street,prices than he obtained in some of his !talk voiced his congratulations upon I wIth th'e presidentf Mrs. Amos Turney;-T - such marvelous strides the church had I nrpfiin? Th mppino- was in nhavtra- - i fnl-nn -tiV?li 10 Ttniir 1iq loicrojf in flio ' .. . - ....A few days ago one of the farm ' c" A Z &. - , ot Mrs. w. it. Scott, who read a paper i Bnttain;style. The prices will surprise you, asthey are very reasonable.(ll-4t) MRS. M. A. PATON.GIRLS SOCIETY ELECTS OFFICERSSuperintendent Mission Study Work,Miss Frances Hancock; Superintendent Social Service Work, Miss EdithSunerintendent SuoDlies.& ... TT-ki fn 1rw Prvriforonno 1 -- . - ... ! -. --ihflRds came to Mrs. R. with the start- x ,; V, . on Fads and Fancies," and a paper Miss Ava weai.HBe information that he thought the -U1- J2d1.1 -,iao w" u"""1 " "1C by Mrs. Carley Wilmoth on "The During the social hour that followedas followsrelatives andIMr. and Mrs. A. P. Adairannounce the marriage of their daughter Sallie ElizabethtoMr. Bennett Thomason. Thursday, December the thirdnineteen hundred and fourteenParis, KentuckyDUVALL MYERS.A surprise wedding which occurred Tuesday afternoon at Shawhan,was that of Mrs. Stella Pugh Duvall,of Louisville, and Dr. George B.Myers, of Norton, Virginia. The wedding was solemnized at four o'clock, atthe home of the bride's sister, Mrs.John Doty, at ShawhanMrs. TJuvall was the widow of thelate Mr. John Duvall, a former member of the Paris City Council, and formany years engaged in the dry goodsbusiness in this city. Since the deathcording Secretary, Miss Maude Tay- of her husband, which occurred sev-lor; Treasurer, Miss Edna Snapp; eral years ago, Mrs. Duvall had beenmalting ner home in Louisville, whereher sister, Mrs. A. T. Crawford, andher son, Mr. Lyle Duvall, are residing.At a well-attended meeting of theGirls' Missionary Society of the Methodist church held Tuesday afternoon,with Miss Frances Hancock, president,presiding, the following officers wereelected: President, Miss ElizabethMann; First Vice President, MissMargaurite Clark; Second Vice President; Miss. Sarah Power, Corresponding Secretary, Mrs. Eva Pogue; Re-Dr. and Mrs. Myers left for a trip inthe South immediately after the cere-"ot-nd-motith" disease had 'broken neT niembers, replied to the welcome psyci10iogy 0f Dress" was read. The ' the business meeting, tea and sand-Jmony, and on their return will be atout among a bunh of steers in aWS, , t'VJ "?'" ??l'Afield close to the residence. The lady'"51 . W1" ," ""; "- - -w,.promptly began an investigation, and j by the ladies of the church.jfewUL that several of the animals had .developed suspiciously sore muzzles, OUR DAILY SPECIAL.Bereral large pustules very closely 1-rKfttn-blinir the well-known character-i Never Beat A Carpet When It Is-BENNETT ASHBROOK.Down.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.istics of the dreaded disease. Instead-of sending for a veterinary she decided to hesin a local treatment andwatch, results. She also decided to i-watch, the cattle, and if possible, aseer-;t&ia. the source of the infection.One morning she was trailing theJierd through the meadow, and noticed, txaat several stoppea at a pne oj. urownA scientist predicts that 1,000 yearsfrom now Niagara Falls will be dry.foliage upon which they browsed con-?teatedlv. She thought nothing of this, 4-Imt on the following morning she ex-mnined the muzzles of the animals she3ixd noticed chewing the herbage, and ; 4upea. a closer inspection found that theresemblance to the "foot-and-mouth"disease was caused by he animalsfeeding upon some herbs in which at ck of dead thistles had been gath-re up. fEhls caused the appearance-at the pustules upon the muzzle and in , 4CHRISTMAS DONT'Sthe throat, where the prickly thornsv-ol the thistles had penetrated.".And I saved my bunch 01' cattle byway own efforts, after that," she proudly said, in relating the story to a party friends at the afternoon tea theother day.SCRAPS.Don't put otf your shoppinguntil the last minute DO ITNOW.Don't waste time in buyinghaphazard.Don't let impulse lead youto choose inferior articles orto pay high prices.Shop early early in themorning, if possible, and planyour Christmas lists in advance. Sit down with t ho BourbonNews in your hand, run youreye over the advertising pagesand make your plans accordingly. The advertising willnot only only give you manysplendid suggestions, but it.will also post you as to the'My, game cocks are great fighters," best place to buy among themeeting next Wednesday will be ad- wiches were served. Mrs. Harriet ( home in Norton, Virginia, where thedressed by Mr. John Wilson Town- Minnaker, the Health and Weltare groom has an extensive practice,send, of Lexington, on "Kentucky j League nurse, was present and gaveWriters," after which Christmas tea an interesting talk on "Social Servicewill be enjoyed. This will be the last Work."meeting until after the holidays. The marriage of Miss Sue BenThe regular meeting of the Paris BE A "BIG BROTH ERJ' ,nett, of Lexington, to Ensign AllanLiterary Club was held Wednesday 1 Withers Ashbrook, United Statesafternoon, with the president, Mrs. ' When in these days preceding ( Navy, formerly of Paris, was celebrat-Thos. Henry Clay, Jr., presiding. Af- Christmas you may find some little j ed Wednesday evening at Christter the preliminary exercises Miss one who is suttenng rrom tne cold, or unurcli Cathedral, Lexington, DeanNellie Buckner took charge, and a de- who, when the happy Christmas sea- Robert K. Massie officiating. It waslightful program followed. "Ireland" ' son rolls around, ij without the little a beautiful wedding and suggestive ofis the subject of study this year, and things that bring joy and happiness to i the Christmas season. Poinsettia and"Irish Song Writers" was the subject the hearts of the little ones, remem- j plants were used in the decorationscf Miss Kuckner's paper, which led up ber that you can lighten the sorrow of which were carried out in exquisite4 J to the introduction of other members i a sad Christmas oy Deing a Dig Drotn- taste. j4 j who contributed Irish songs, ballads ' er." There are timesvhen little gifts 5 The wedding""was a brilliant event, and recitations. Mrs. Fanniebelle of acts of kindness may work wonders, in society and of wide interest, asi Sutherland sang three charming num- and the glad Christmas time is most both are popular and much admired-bers, "The Kerry Dance," Molloy; certainly one of them. In the rush of and represent Kentucky families of4 "Molly Bawn," Samuel Lover, and ( Christmas shopping, the buying of. prominence and aristocracy. The"Kitty's Letter," by Lady Dufferin. gifts for the family and friends, do bride is the youngest daughter of thej "My Dark Rosaline," an old Irish bal- not forget the poor of the city. Make late Mr. Samuel Bennett and Mrs.4 ! lad, was read by Mrs. Harry B. Clay, every gift count for something, give Mary Warfleld Bennett. She is bril-j This was followed by three Victrola presents that will be useful to them, liant, beautiful and accomplished and( records by the famous Irish tenor, Mc- and at the same time bring cheer and will be much missed in her old home,-.Cormick, "Macouchhla," "Foggy Dew" comfort. ; where she is much loved.j and "Mother Macree," and the second ,"Be a Big Brother, and a Big Sis-' Ensign Ashbrook is the oldest sonI "Mavourneen," by Gluck. Mrs. Amos ter, too." s of the late Mr. Earl Ashbrook and1 Turney, Jr., rendered three beautiful ' M,rs. Jennie Withers Ashbrook, who isnow in California making her home,and who for many years resided on theClark farm near Paris. He is handsome and a' popular young navalofficer, now with the battleship Vermont.After the ceremony at the church acolors. The entire house was brilliantly lighted wih white candles andflags and banners in blue and goldwere draped over the palms, ferns andquantity of flowers completed a beautiful scene for the wedding reception..They left late in the evening for abridal trip and will return to Lexington to spend Christmas with Mrs.Bennett. The bridegroom has leave ofabsence until January 6, when he willreturn to the Vermont for a shortcruise, after, which he will join his.bride in Lexington and they will go toNorfolk, Va., to make their home.Among the guests at the weddingand reception were Mr. and Mrs. JnoDavis, Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W. Davis,Mr. Withers Davis, Mr. and Mrs.Thomas Allen, Miss Mary FithianHutchcraft and Helen Hutchcraft, ofParis; Miss Sallie Ashbrook and Mr.and Mrs. James Dedman, of Cynthiana; Mrs. Henry Craig, of Georgetown. ,I MARTIN WHALEY.Mr. Thomas Whaley, mail carrieron Rural Route No. 5, out of Parisand Miss Ive Martin, were married atthe home of the bride's parents inHarrison county, at three o'clock yesterady afternoon, Eld. W. E. Ellis, ofthe Paris Christian Church, performing the ceremony. Mr. and Mrs.Whaley after the ceremony left for ashort bridal tour anc will return toParis to-night.TALBOTT DALZELL.The marriage of Mrs. Nellie Patton Talbott, formerly of this county, toMr. Joseph Dalzell, of Carlisle, occured at the home of the bride's parents.Mr. and Mrs. David Patton, nearShawhan, yesterday afternoon, theRev. A. S. Venable, pastor of the Millersburg Presbyterian church, performing the ceremony at three o'clock.The relatives of the contracting parties witnessed the ceremony.The bride is the widow of the lateMr. Charles Talbott, who died severalyears ago in this county, and has forsome time been conducting a drygoods business in Carlisle.The groom, who has been a farmerfor several years, has lately been engaged in business in Carlisle, beingconnected with one of the large tobacco warehouses there. He has recently purchased a mercantile business in Cynthiana, where he and hisbride will reside after January 1.The couple secured a marriage license froni County Clerk Pearc Paton,Wednesday.Immediately after the ceremony Mr.and Mrs. Dalzell left for a short bridaltour and upon their return will residetemporarily in Carlisle.All women have hearts, but onlyabout half of them have intellects.selections, "Believe Me, If All Thine ' a444444444444444444Endearing Young Charms," Thomas 1Moore; "The Low-Backed Car," Lover, ;'and "The Eyes ThatCome From Ire-jj land," by Olcott. This charming pro- j' gram closed with another reading by IDO YOUR SHOPPING EARLYaid 1 '.Mr sporting friend Bill .Bay; . jJM3l poadter," I replied, ''They're fed !'-4M scrap three timee a day."He giveth twice who givethcmickly." Equally does he give1 Mrs. Harry B. Clay, "The Wearin' of twice who shoppeth early andi the Green." jMrs. Wade H. Whitley t sendeth his present so that it . reception was eiven at th'e Bpanprvxwill arrive on time. Do your on Second street for the bridal nartv Lorwl im rv lsr 4Y.M. 4-n.n. .fl?. rii 1decorations were, artistic and beautiful J1A rnonln,. ....,A.A.AAA.A.A.AAAAAAAAAAAAAA rj ,l,U jT J 1-1. ,ri .. !M ;&mh. vt-vv , m wane ru ana ume goia,"tne navyiNews' advertisers "the home accompanied the singers on the piano.folks."V IU1 HII1VK WIL Lllll t:. l;u vuuj. -.---" a J 1 -I The meeting was held at the home-af j4? shoDning to-day; send youri Mrs. J. T. Vansant. The meeting next presents to-morrow. , ..Wednesday will be at the regularDO YOUR SHOPPING EARLY. ."He gives twice who givethquickly." Equally does he givetwice who shoppeth early andsendeth his presents so that itwill arrieve on time. Do yourshopping to-day; send yourpresents to-morrow 't, V y't, v vjr ' -. rr - l .ft rS7 --".?vP'-"'.V.iS1 r. 4Ti vTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., DECEMBER 11 1914i. ?rIJ'cV(HAS THE BESTp XSLL LIMES MADESOCIAL AND PERSONALCHRISTMAS TURKEYS.We commenced receiving turkeys Monday, Dec. 7,and will continue to receivethroughout the week if notprevented from doing so by 'quarantine orricials.(21)THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.The old-fashioned man who persistsin wearing insoles in his shoes andwho tucks his napkin in his shirt collar, has been located in Paris, Ky.Readers bf the BourbonNews will confer a favor ifthey will call No. 124, bothphones, and telephone us anyitems of news they may learn,particularly the coming andgoing of visitors. If youhave guests, show them thecourtesy of giving their namesto our paper.STATE GAME WARDEN HILLREPORTS OFFENDERS VERY FEWCK AS. S. BRENT & BRO. IMr. H. C. Parvin is seriously ill athis home near Clintonville. 'Mrs. John Towies has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Maysville.Mrs. Lawrence Horton is a guestof friends and relatives in Maysville.County Judge Chas. A. McMillanwas a business visitor in Frankfort,Tuesday.DOLL GO-CARTS.See our line of Go-Carts, for thedollA. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.(ll-2t)YOUR CHRISTMAS LIST.Be sure it contains some useful giftsfcr the men folks, and to be sure thatthev are right, get them fromlit) J. W. DAVIS & CO.State Game Warden George M. Hill,of Paris, has returned from a tourthrough Clark and Montgomery counties, besides the upper mountaincounties, where he had been inspecting hunters' licenses.Mr. Hill reports very few violationsof the game lavs, hunters generallyapproving and respecting the licenselaw. There has been a. very great decrease in the number of "pot hunters"throughout the State, much to the benefit of the real sportsmen, who longto see the day when the "game hog"will be a' thing of the past.Mr. Hill has also under his specialcharge the counties of Bourbon, Fayette and Jessamine, where huntinghas been strictly prohibited by orderof the State Veterinarian. Bourbonand Jessamine comities are under apartial quarantine on account of theexistence of the foot-and-mouth disease among cattle, and in these counties hunting has been prohibited because of the fear of humans contracting the malady, which may haveHEALTH AND WELFARE LEAGUE.Donations of clothing, money ot contributions of any kind for the Healthand Welfare League wor kin this cityand county may be sent to ?Jiss LouieBruer at the home of the MissesJaynes, on High street.Mrs. Harriet Minnaker, the visitingnures in the employ 'of the League,will be at the League cottage, on Seventh street, between the hours of two 'and four each evening, i jFOR THE KIDDIES.BIG SALE OF EXPORT CATTLE.Mr. Jonas Weil, the well-known cat-1 , Jli 1 T . Itie aeaier ana stocitman, oi Lexington, : Mrs. George Wilderpurcnaseu u eunesaay or iur. uatesoyWoodford, Jr., of this county, thirtyhead of 1,450-lb export cattle, destined for immediate delivery.Dr. and Mrs. G. L. Rankin left I been communicated to quail and rab-Tuesdav for a. winrpr's stfnv in T7!iictic bitsFlorida.Mrs. Thompson Tarr has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. F. P. Clay, nearShelbyville.Mr. Henry S. Cay wood, of NorthMiddletown, is in Chicago, on a business trip.Mr. and Mrs. Bennett Thomashave returned from their bridal tourand will go to housekeeping on Walker avenue.Miss Nellie Gray has returned to 'hsr home in Maysville after a visit tofriends in this citv.COLD WEATHER.Phone ycur order for Best!Coal to Phones 14.tf CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Doll Beds, Velocipedes, Doll Buggies,Electroliers, Coasters. Choose now.We deliver when you want. Opennights.(It) THE J. T. HINTON. CO.CHURCH BAZAAR.is very ilTwith sciatic eheumatism at her homeen South Main street.Mrs. Ewalt Haley and daughter- i left yesterday for Eustis, Florida, toremain during the winter.Mr. Ed CaldweH, who has beenYcu know it will be good if you use I seiiously ill at his home on Southrerndell fruits and spites. You taka j -'lPn street, does not improve.BLACK CAKE.The sale of fancy articles inaugurated yesterday by the ladies of theMethodist church at the store of Mrs.Corne Watson Baird, will continuethroughoue to-day and to-morrow. Yesterday the ladies had very good success with their sales of fancy articles.To-day they will sell edibles and willserve lunch. To-morrow they willserve oyster soup and will have a saleot edibles.a chanc if you use something theysav is just as good.lit) C. P. COOK & CO.D. A. R. MEETING.The regular monthly meeting ofJemima Johnson Chapter, Daughtersof the American Revolution, will beheld to-morrow afternoon, at ' twoo'clock, at the residence of MissesWinnie and Lutie Williams, on Pleasant street.ATTENTION, SHOPPERS!While doing your Christmas shopping call at my store and you willfind some very pretty and useful presents. I have the largest and mostbeautiful line of hair" goods in CentralMr. Frank Remington had asi guest this week his cousin, Mr. Clar! ence Eals, of Bloomington, Illinois.! Mrs. S. A. Collins, of Blue LickSprings, is a guest of her daughter,Mrs. Thos. Roberts, on Tenth street.Mr. Edward Turner, of near thiscity, is at the Massie Memorial Hospital, undergoing medical treatment.Mrs. James L. Brown has returnedfrom a visit to her brother, Mr. JohnMorrow, and Mrs. Morrow, in Chicago.Mr. Thomas J. McCarthy, of Kansas City, Mo., is a guest of his sister.Mrs. Thomas J. Roberts, on Tenthstreet.Mr. and Mrs. Robert O. Turnerhave gone to Eustis, Fla., to join theKentucky colony quartered there forthe winter.Mrs. Lee Starke, of Louisville, isCHRISTMAS GREETINGS.Electric vacuum cleaners, flat irons,percolators, chafing dishes, griddles,water heaters make "ideal Christmasgitts. Have you thought about thatgas stoves?PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.OH, JOY!Marriage certificates must bear a10 cent Avar revenue stamp in the future, according to a ruling handeddown Monday by Collector of InternalRevenue Ben Marshall, at Lexineton.This stamp is to be affixed by the cler- jgyman or county officials performingmarriage ceremonies.FOR HOLIDAY GIFTS.Nothing more suitable for holidaygifts than pictures, frames, Crane'sstationery, noveltie. Christmas cards,letter seals, boxes, etc. We have abeautiful assortment of the above.(27-tf) PARIS BOOK CO.SODON'TS"There was a plump maiden namedtCobble,Who wore a tight waist and a hobble,iShe wouldn't wear stays,And she got lots of praise,For Cobble was there with the wobble.CHRISTMAS MAIL LIGHT.Kentucky all styles and prices. I ' a guest of her mother, Mrs. Albertmanufacture your hair in any .style Stone, and other relatives in this cityyou want. Many novelties, etc., too j and county.numerous to mention. Best guaran- Mrs. Eldbridge Honey has returnteed hair restorer in the world. I ed from' a visit to her brother, Mr.(ll-4t) MRS. M. A. PATON. Leon Mulligan, at Silver Creek, inMadison county.Mr. and Mrs. Emmett M. Dicksonwill leave this week for a visit toAs yet there has been no great rush i their daughter, Mrs. Durand Whipple,of business at the Paris postoffice, I in Little Rock, Ark. idespite the fact that Christmas is but! Mrs. J. T. Hinton, Sr., is confinedtwo weeks off. An effort has been to her room at her home on Highmade by the postal authorities and I street, as the result of a fall in herthe merchants of the country general-' room some time ago.ly to have the public begin their I Mr. D. C. Edwards and son, D. C.Christmas shopping and mailing early, . Edwards, Jr., of London, Ky., have rebut this has been a failure so far as turned to their home after a visit tothe sending of presents through the Mr. and Mrs. T. T. Templin. -mail is concerned. I Mr. and Mrs. Carl Robbins havePRACTICAL GIFTS FOR MEN.Every good gift that a man wouldlike and gifts that are sure to be appreciated. (It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.TEACHERS TO GET SALARIES1. Don't pay $5.00 for Boys'All Wool Blue Serge Suitswe sell themfor $3.48.2. Don't pay $10 for Ladies'Cloaks we sell fcr $4.98.3. Don't pay$5 for Muffs wesell for $2.98.4. Don't pay $5 for Rain Coatswe sell for $2.98.5. Don't pav $3 for Shoeswe sell for $1.98.6. Don't pay $6 for All WoolBlankets we sell for $3.48.7. Don't pay 12 l-2c for DressGinghams we sell for 8 l3c.8 Don't pay 6 l2c for calicowe sell for 5c.9. Don't pay 50c for underwearwe sell for 39c.10. Don't pay $1.50 for men'sunion suits we sell for 85c.TEE QKMTI STORESuggestions For ChristmasThis season's holiday line is the most complete andvaried we've ever displayed. Here you'll be sure to findsomething for every one on your Ohristmas list. A fewsuggestions are given to aid you in your Christmas shopping: . fPerfumes, Mirrors, Stationery, Fountain Pens,Collar Bags, Toilet Sets, Jewel Boxes,Toilet Sets, Auto Stationery, Safety Razors,Manicure Sets, Post Cards, Toilet Waters,Parisian Ivory Goods, Leather Card CasesPipes, Shaving Sets, CigarsRaphael Tuck Sons' and Dennison's Christmas Seals,Cards, Tags, Etc.Come in with your friends you'll enjoy your visit.,The more choice gifts are selling fast make your seleions to-day reserve them until Christmas week.The Ardery Drug Co.Clarke's Old Stand.Gifts thatMnclureOaoThe money for the monthly pay rollof the teachers of Bourbon CountySchools has been received by MissMabel Robbins, County Superintendent of Schools, and the teachers willbe paid to-morrow. This will affordthem a chance to do their Christmasshopping early.B. FRIEDMAN, Prop.The very air is now charged with the spirit ofgiving, for Christmas will soon be here.The choice and preferred gift is the one thatendures, because it suggests the continuity of loveaod friendship. Such gifts you will find at thisstore.Our reputation for absolute honesty and squaredealing; extending over a period of sixty years, protects you in every purchase made here.We will be glad to assist you in making youreleclions, which we will reserve for you.' Come in to-day.GIFTS OF KNOWN QUALITY.SOLID MAHOGANY GIFTS.after a visit to Mrs. Robbins' perents,i .Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bramblette.Solid Mahogany Rockers, Sewing I Mrs.'E. F. Spears and daughters,Tables, Dressers, Chiffoniers, Tabour-! Misses Elizabeth and Mayme Spears,ettes make elegant presents. We , and Mr. Keith Spears, left Saturdayhave them.(It)You'll know that they are right ifreturned to their home in Winchester, J they come from(It)J. W. DAVIS & CO.AGED WOMAN DIES.THE J. T. HINTON. CO.WILL PROBATED.After spending ninety-one years inn ti,p,-r winter home in Eustrs. Fla. this vale or triouiations anu mais,! Miss Mary Fitliian Hutchcraft has "Aunt" Betsy Ranson, a former color! taken the position of Director of Phys- ed slave in the family of Thomas Goff,ical Culture and Expression in the j departed this life Monday, leaving be'roc wnmA school, conducted bv hind her eleven children, two hun-Mrs W. A. Harp. I dre(i and ten grandchildren and great-Aliss Ellen Clarke, of the Home ! grandchildren. - jNEW SAUERKRAUT.Keinz's new sauerkraut, 5c lb.f5-tf) A. W. COTTINGHAM.REAL ESTATE CHANGESPIE SUPPER.The pupils of the Kiserton Schoolwill give a "Pie Supper" in the schoolbuilding on Friday evening, December18, for the benefit of the school fund.Miss Iva Odor is the teacher. Thefriends and patrons of the school invited. ' ;ARE THE BEST.Set of aluminum waremThe last will and testament of Mrs.Malvina Moore, wlio recently died atXorth Middletown. was Drobated Wed-. Telephone office force in the Millers-nesday in the County Clerk's office. burg Exchange, and her cousin, MissThe will provides that Mrs. Moore's j Johnson, ot Miuerspurg, were visitorsland be left to her husband, Geo. S. j in Parts, Wednesday.Monrp. for life, and at his death to be i Mrs. W. E. Simms; whose condi-equally divided between her son,, Jno. j tion has been somewhat improved fol-B. Mitchell, and the heirs ot -irs. Alice lowing a severe atuiutt. ui pucumuma,E. Gaitskill. A careful division, of! has suffered a relapse, and is againthe personalty of Mrs. Moore among t in a serious condition,relatives and friends is also provided, j Mr. and Mrs. Claude W. SpearsThe instrument is dated May 10, 1910. 1 have returned from their bridal tournnd are iruests this week of Mrs.i Onpars' naren.ts. Mr. and Mrs. J. Am-'ffoK "near Hutchison. McDOUGALL KITCHEN CABI-Mrs. Mary Long and daughter, I NTS are the ONLY kitchen with fullUhqq MattiP Mr. and Mrs. Charles ron ironis. iucuuuu-ai caDinets are'ino- onri snn. of Frankfort, motored BEST made, to Paris, Sunday, and spent the day j freeas guests ot :ur. ana iurs. ueuigc j v--Dr. D. S. Henry recently sold to I Wilder, on South Main street. jATr Hnrrv o-Ip. a. vacant lot on the Mr. Fred Weckesser, of the Busy Inorth side'of Kentucky avenue, in the Bee Store, left Wednesday morning j . jRosedale Addition, at a private figure, for Cincinnati, to purchase his hoh-1 Fiu it s can dies, mixed nuts of allAir nampttP niirrhflspd of Mr. W. ' dav stocks. Air. L.ee crimes, ul mi. ,'""-' w - "jL"P. Shelton, of this citv. on Tuesday, a Sterling, will take a position in thefour-room cottage on Nineteenth street Busy Bee Store for the holidays,in the old Fair Grounds addition to I There was a good attendance atParis for $1,500. ' the regular meeting of the oimgU W Webster, of this city, has pur- Ladies' Circle of the Christian church,chafed' of Mrs Charles C. Leer, of Tuesday afternoon, at the residence ofnear this city, a one-storv frame cot-' Mrs. Frank P. Kiser, on Houston avetase located on South Main street, nue. The meeting was presided overnear Fourteenth street, for 500. ; by the president. Mrs. Thos Allen.After the opening exercises the tol-ELECTRIC TOASTERS 'lowing program was rendered:. ! "What Christianity Has Done for Wo-lAnd ElPCtric Coffee Percolators men, (a) Physically, (b) Socially, In- jmake ideal Christmas presents. Place j tellectually." The papers on these di-,..;i- ,t,. ' visions wej-e read by Miss Helen.ifini' ruiiMi it i ?-i iFw-rf -PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.BTHE J. T. HINTON. CO.CHOICEST OF FRUITS.(8-5t)TOM LONGO'S.NAMES IS NAMES.Lotta Bull is a young lady who resides in New Martinsville, W. Va.HOOSIER KITCHEN CA3INET.Will make the wife a grand Christmas present.A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.(ll-2t)LOOK'JEM OVER.The Pair!Hutchcraft. Miss Carolyn Koseoerry1 and Mrs. Clyde Huffman. A feature of (I the meeting that was of very great!hirprpst was the miscellaneous shower !V Several columns of this issue of the j for Miss Alice Rule, the orphan girl."feourbon News are given over to j being educated by the Circle at the j Friday and Saturday Special Sale.Ohristmas advertisers, and we direct ; Morehead School. An offering was Kid body dolls, with large bisquethe attention of our readers to them, , taken for the C. W. B. M. day. After , heads and real hair, 9 inches long,rnd "ask that they give them careful i the meeting refreshments of hot choc- j Positively the biggest doll value innerasal. Practically all the stores ' olate, sandwiches and marguerites town special sale, 10 cents,iave brought on an "unusually attrative ( v,-as served by tiie hostess. Three new Big heavy Japanned toilet sets, inl,no rt holiday ffOOCtS. ana tile -ewc memuers wac d-uueu w m . , usuneu juxui inu ucwiauuua, vjun-.. -i i,nvn vmon cnnp-M ! tCkthar Pprsnnals on Pase t)advertising cuiumua iia. -w w0 vv..., kv i ho -wise merchants to assist I, 1 -; -nctnniPr in findinc bar- WHY SUFFER WITH RHEUMATISMiiins without much trouble." There's something good on everyrase of every issue of The Bourbon iNews, -and no ones who seeks will bedisappointed.' Look these columnsover very carefully, and you will find,srtMfrfWn- tliraln to reward your.sisting of foot tub, slop jar and cover-Why suffer .another minute? Vanishing Rheumatic Powder will cureyou. If .your druggist will not supply you," send us $1.00for a full sizebottle.r JJAYLESS 'REMEDY COMPANY,ed water can with spout. These goodsformerly retailed at $1.50. Special onFriday and Saturday only, all threepieces G9 cents.Handsome 4-piece glass table sets,never before sold at less than a dollar, now, 75 cents.Visit us and see our wonderfulChristmas values. y , '$ KHffHMVictor-Victrola IV, SI 5Oak4 HMMBBJSJPJBar.Victor-Victrola IX, $50Mahoeany or oakVictor-VictrolaMahogany orXVI, $200quartered oakYou can search the whole World over andnot find another gift that will bring so muchpleasure to every member of the family. ,Dauqherti) Bros.Fifth and Main Sts.v-sJ rv.-& . r'i sv. K1a -vrf.V" j-vvJ3il J 'r d&i.vV11 - mlij- XJ (4-8t) -, - - y - - Lexington, Ky,: . l v., - THE FAIR, 'search,r J- - rv "lc' -' v. ' m. utrattn '-' rMHr YlW 1Prtii)fffr 4 'I'Af-J ' ' 'iHCi cuuKDun n&wa, ruu9 jMiuj&i,j&jrim&i h.jw -- ?..ST.EDW. URKE,President.The BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co? -jNI .zLiTOMORROWSaturday, Dec. 12thSecond house in Kentucky in amount of businesshandled the past season. tLowest selling fees of any house in Central Ken-tucky.We solicit your patronage and guarantee courteous: treatment and prompt service.NOTICEDr. W. C. Wilkerson, formerly ofXittle Rock, has opened an office inthe Deposit and Peoples Bank Building, on Main Street, for the practicexf his profession.Dr. Wilkerson has been a practicingphysician in Bourbon county for thepast twenty-eight years.W. G. WILKERSON,Home Phone, 369; Cumb.' Phone, 741.(ldec-tf) Paris, Ky.FOR SALEHandsome Antique, Solid Mahoga--nyWardrobe, claw feet. Photo ofsame will be furnished on application.AddressTHE BOURBON NEWS,(tf) Paris, Ky.A ModelBarber Shop4--CHAIRS-4Expert and polite Barbers.All the latest requirements and sanitary equipments that it takes to makea modern shop. Newly papered andpainted. Hot and cold baths.Cutting of children's hair a specialty. Itfo long waits at our shop. Youare invited to call.RUSS CORBIN,Opposite Fordham Hotel.(17-lmoj.ATTENTIONPEOPLE!Do You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.t' ELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101ifrSUH6 LGHRISTH. S. AYWOOD,Vice-President.Paris, Ky.ANNOUNCE THEIR- ' JT &3.JL-iJzLiFORWinter TouristRatesRound trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily from Oct. 1st, 1914, toApril 30, 1915, to all principal touristpoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico,Texas and Havana, Cuba, with finalreturn limit May 31, 1915, with verylibeval stop-over privileges. Also lowround-trip Home-Seekers tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana,and Mississippi, on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month, with finalreturn limit vfteen days from date ofsale. For further information, call onor address,J. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.LVe. Court House.Lve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.0 n p m"..0 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m6.40 p m7:10 a m7.45 a m8.15 a m8.45 a m9.15 a m9.45 a m10.15 a m10.45 a m ;11.15 a m11.45 a m12:05 p m12.45 p m i1.15 p m1.45 p m2.15 p ni2.45 p m3.15 p m3.45 p m4.15 p m5.15 p m5.40 p m.6.05 p m6.30 p m'City Limits Only.KENTUCKY TRACTION &TERM-INAL COMPANY,tnterurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor ParisLesfve Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m ,7:20 .p m9:10 p m11:00 p in -D&ily except Sunday8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p-m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p, m8:15 p m10 '..05 j'mf.JNO. TV COLLINS,Manager,!XPROMPT ACTION WILLSTOP YOUR COUGH.When you first catch a' Cold (oftenindicated by a sneeze or cough), breakit up at once. The idea that "it doesnot matter" often leads to seriouscomplications. The remedy whichimmediately and easily penetrates thelining of the throat is the kind demanded. Dr. King's New Discoverysoothes the irritation, loosens thephlem. You feel better at once. "Itseemed to reach the very spot of myCough" is one of the many honest testimonials. 50c at your Druggist.(adv-dec)'LEST WE FORGET.Now that we have given freely tothe Belgians, big and small, let us notforget that there are a lot of littleAmericans, and some needy grown-upones, in Paris, too, who can use asmall amount of cash, and other articles, during the winter monthes.Don't let us make our own poor payfor our goodness to the suffering onesacross the sea.A Nervous WreckHad NoDesireTo LivePerunaIs ATonic andStrengthBuilderSo SaysMrs. FranjcStroebe, R. F.D. 1, Appleton,Wis. Her letterreads: "I began using Peruna. afew months ago when my health andstrength were all gone, and I wasnothing but a nervous wreck. Couldnot sleep, eat or rest properly, andfelt no desire to live."Three bottles of Peruna mademe look at life in a different light,as I hegan to regain my loststrength. While -my fecovery tooknearly four months, at the end ofthat time I was better than I everhad been before. I had a splendidcolor and never weighed more in. mylife."I certainly think Peruna is without a rival as a tonic and strength"builder, and it has my endorsement."Mr. Charles Brown, R. R. 4, Box 79,Rogersville, Tenn., writes: ."I havetried many different remedies, huthave found, that Peruna ia the greatest tonic on earcn, ama a penect sys-. jgMnffiyEwagg&ptern builder." --.NOT APPROVED BY SCIENCEExistence of "Brain Waves," as Popularly Understood, Has NeverBeen Established.Sir Ray Lankester, who has been adiligent student of telepathy, now arrives at the conclusion that the socalled "brain waves," of which the telepathist talks, have no foundation inscience. According to him, we knownothing of the existence of such wavesand are absolutely devoid of the metresof establishing them. The chief difficulty lies in the fact that those whoseem to believe in them most implicitly are unable to so much as hazard a guess as to the material inwhich they occur.The physicist who teaches the existence of light waves affirms at thebeginning that they are waves of theether. In holding to sound waves heexplains that they are waves of theatmosphere. To say that sound andlight are waves and at the same timeto be unable to declare the substanceof which those waves consist wouldbe to leave sound and light unexplained; and Sir Ray holds that a likeinference is to be drawn from thebrain-wave explanation of telepathy.But granting the existence of suchwaves, he proceeds to ask by whatmeans they are received, and obtainsno answer. As far as present dayscience goes there is no detector inthe brain by which they may be received, and no mechanism to transform them into sensible form. Neitheris there a code between man and manwhereby the thoughts conveyed areto be made intelligible as the Morsealphabet transforms the dots anddashes of the telegraph 'key intowords.The possibility of telepathy Is notdenied. The noted scientist simplytakes the ground that at the presentstage of knowledge, if brains do communicate with each other immediatelyand over long distances, it is by someother method than that of the supposed "brain waves."Root's Concentrative Ability.Senator Root has great power of.concentration. He would have madea great war correspondent. No matter how much shot and shell mightbe flying about him, he could sit andjot down what is in his mind withoutpaying anv attention to anvthincr else.NOne day he was going through somepapers that contained information hewas sifting out. The matter was onethat called for much quiet thoughtand reflection.A caller arrived at the outer office.A clerk went in to the Senator andtold him:"Mr. Soandso's here for an 11 o'clockappointment. It is now three minutesof 11.""All right. Show him in at 11,"directed Mr. Root.And during those three minutes hebecame just as much- engrossed in thetask before him as if there were nothing else in sight.Deer Copped Cabbage.A herd of deer celebrated the closeof the gunning season- by invading thegarden of Postmaster A. C. Stewart atWeymouth, N. J., and eating his winter supply of cabbage. Several gunning parties have been encampedwithin a hundred yards of the spotduring the week and a dozen deer havebeen shot in the immediate vicinity.The deer came to within fifty feet ofwhere two stag hounds were tetheredto their kennels and the barking ofthe dogs aroused the postmaster andhis son, who saw the herd scamperingaway in the moonlight.Sportsmen here say that the seasonjust closed has been the best in manyyears. The heavy foliage remainingon the trees gave the deer more shelter than usual. Over thirty buckshave been reported bagged within aten-mile radius of Weymouth. Thiswas a proportion of about one to everytwenty gunners.Radium Market Closed.The European war has, for the present at least, totally closed the European market to American radium ores.,As is well known, the uraniun ores ofColorado and Utah are sold exclusively for their radium content, so little use being known for the uraniumthat the ores cannot be sold for theircontent of that element. The condition of the European market leavesthe miners without a buyer; so thatwhile the war lasts, and probably forsome time afterward, the market willbe restricted and without the benefitof competition. As has been pointedout by Secretary of the Interior Lane,had the bills introduced in congressbeen passed the United States government would probably have been in themarket as a buyer, and the minermight now have a chance to sell hisore.Asking the Impossible."We'll be glad to handle your account," said the receiving teller, "ifyou will promise to keep not less than$100 on deposit all the time.""Good gracious!" exclaimed Mr.Hallroomer, "I merely wanted to putthe fruit of my self-denial in a safeplace until I could find something suitable to spend it for. I have no desireto become a capitalist."Found Ring in City Dump.A small boy when delving in ong ofthe city dumps at Bangor, Me., recently found a napkin ring of silver.The name of M. C. Pierce was engraved upon it. Twenty-five years agothe home of Pierce was entered byburglars, who took about one thousanddollars worth of yalukbles, the' ringbeing Smong them. . ;New SubscribersRECENTLY INSTALLED BYParis HomeTelegraph2010-2 Ardery, Ben B., residence.37 Blount, Mr3. A. R.. residence.'160 Bouabon Tobacco Warehouse.306 Burgin, Mrs. E. C, residence.202 Busy Bee Cash Store.390 Carr, Robert R., residence.366 Cay wood, Miss Jane, residence.178 Chandler, Taylor, residence.355 Collier, Peaie, residence.5 Eagles Club Room.2003-4 Edwards, O., Shackelford Bldg.257 Elliott, James, residence.197 Ellison, H., residence.35 Ewalt, Sam., residence.287 Freidman, B., store.408 Gilchrist, J, E., residence.323 Horine, H. N., residence.480 Hughes, W. R. , residence.500 Lancaster, U. F., residence.278 Lykens, G. W., residence.402 Mast. E. L., residence.453 Merrimee, Mrs. W. T., residence.343 Meyers, E. B., residence.Cbe Paris Rome telephone and Cekgrapb Co(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.Stock Reducing Sale!The unseasonable weather has placed us in aposition where we must sacrifice goods REGARDLESS OF COST A few of the many bargains instore for you:$2.000Suitsand Overcoats $13.981 9.00 Suits and Overcoats 11 .981 5.00 Suits and Overcoats 9.981 0 and $ 1 2.50 Suits and Overcoats $8.98Every garment in the house reduced at suchlow- prices you cannot help buying.SALE IS NOW ON!TT7V1X1Clothing and Shoe Department.L. WOLLSTEIN, Prop.h yhKINDLYTwin Bi. nepanmeni sioiSeventh and MainSPECIAL ROUNDLORIM - CUBAi -ev -i, umcjiwaiUKTS OF THE SOUTH.TICKETS ON SALE DAILY. LIBERAL RETURN LTMIT.FAVORABLE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES. -EQUIPMENT, SERVICE AND SCENERY UNSURPASSEDII i ,fc. wmm j01Telephone &Company469 Monson, Charles, store.121 Moore & Nutter, office.432 Moore, C. G., residence.2049-2 Neal, L. C, residence.330-1 Parks, Ira & Son, garage.330-2 Parks, Ira & Son, residence.153 Reese, R., residence.266 Sauer, Wm., residence. -69 Simms, Mrs. W. E., residence.199 Walsh, R. P., residence. ,96 Wilmoth, Mrs. S. M., xesidence.369-1 Wilkerson, Dr. W. C, office.394 Woodall, H. N., residence.2013 Wright, Clarence J., residence.477 Wright, Mrs. Cynthia, residence,.18 Y. M. C. A., office, jM1LLERSBURG EXCHANGE.24 Arderv, W. E., residence.136-3 Hill,' A. T., residence.62 Jones, Charles, residence.NORTH MIDDLETOWN EXCHANGE15 Judy, B.- F., store.16 McDaniel, John C, residence.4 Rash, Bert, residence.v-.FallAnnouncement iAll the LatestFall Styles inDress Goods,Dry Goods,millinery, te.Wc Can Please YouBargain Prices.CALL ATSts., Paris, KyTRIP PA7?F? to- NEW ORLEAN;For Particulars Apply to AnyTicket Agsnt cr,AddresBrosMB MBIIHftC,KING,Pass?ranaMelAgesfEast BfeiaSt, Lesdngtcn, Ky. 4'?9 5?,' 3."&-. . ,..'"- f ' j . Stljtf V-"V'"tp1. f ';'"C4; ''U-"i i-,-.!,JJ1 -'li '" t,A. v, 9."" "H-,.n ;-,?- V,JrWArt. t&,1 ?r4-'THE BOURBONNEWSAIUS, MNTOCKY; ifeCEiWERVtl 1914r.i,VIHIIlllMMIIIUmHHHIHIHIItMttimiltlMMiI UST WEEK THE TOY DEPARTMENTWAS CROWDED AGAIN.There Seems to be No Decrease in theInterest Displayed in Our BeautifulAssortments of Toys, Dolls, Etc.Mothers and children both continue to come to our"Land of Toys." Those who came before said that everytime they visited this department they saw something new.Surely you can't see everything in one visit!Come, whether you want to buy or not. Bring thechildren and let them enjoy seeing the wonderland of toyshere. This is the last week we can assure you of completefor by tomorrow so many purchsses will have been madethat surely many things will be sold out. You 11 like toshop early when you can get such bargains as these at suchlow prices. Make many visits to"The Land of Joys The Land of ToysThe Land of Delight for Girls and Boys-"STUCK TO HIS FRIENDBORROWER INSPIRED BY SPIRITOF LOYALTY.Had Altogether Too Much Self-Respectto Apply to Anyone ElseWhile Old Neighbor HadThings to Lend.25c TOYSDollsDrums Pop Guns Boy Scout OutfitsBuilding Blocks in WagonIron Toys Painting Outfit BooksTidley Winks Rope Toss Pitch-a-RingU. S. History to Dare Steeplechase Bath Tub ToysAuthors Horns Puzzles Tool Sets50c TOYSDolls Complete Train Outfits Doll BedsLarge Pop Guns Elevator Building Outfits Box BallChina Tea Sets Modlwood Toys TiddledebatsHumpty Dumpty CircusBig Game Hunter Sand Toys Rapid Fire Cannon$1.00 TOYST'sawDolls Doll Carriages Doll Trunks Doll BedsFine Train Outfits Repeating Air RiflesMeccano Builders American Model BuilderWhite Furniture Giant Soldiers Steel WagonsCompendium of Five GamesTool Sets Battleships Tea Sets , IScootersPile Drivers Sandy Andy MotorsWOLF, WILE & CO.Formerly'Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Kentuckyt444444444M 1 1 1 ft "l I !"! 1 1' 4NOWMS THE TIMETo Buy Your Jail and Winter Shoes.The only thing youwant to know is the shoestore that sells the moststylish and most reliableshoes shoes that lookgood and are good andgive you satisfaction inevery respect. This shoestore isNo one could truthfully deny thatmost of the small farmers of Dilmouthwere addicted to borrowing farmingtools chiefly although as occasionarose they would borrow anythingelse with the utmost cheerfulness.The burden fell heaviest upon CalebPeaslee, a thrifty farmer who keptevery necessary tool, and who tried tokeep them in condition for use. Theadvent of a new farmer, a well-to-doman who brought with him almostvery known appliance for tilling theground, seemed to open an avenue ofescape from some of his troubles."Mebbe some of these bawks'll taketoll fr'm that man Barney that's takenthe ol' Staples place for a spell," heconfided to his son. "I hope so I doso. My seedtime and harvest -hascome in between the times when other folks was a-usin my farmin' toolsever since I can remember, and I'vegot about tired out. I'm goin' to seeif I can't turn some of 'em his way,and get a little rest."Caleb made his first attempt at"turning them" when Jake Meader, hisnearest neighbor and an inveterateborrower, came for the wheel hoe,which lay in the tool shed with onewheel broken. Jake went to the shedand examined the hoe, and then returned to the grind-stone, where Caleband his son were grinding scythes.Jake's face wore a dissatisfied expression. "Ain't you goin' into Bangor sometime this afternoon, Caleb?" he inquired, anxiously.Mr. Peaslee drew his thumb carefully along the scythe, testing theedge."I d'know but mebbe I shall," he returned, noncommittally. "Why?""Why!" returned Jake, in aggrievedsurprise. "On account of that wheelhoe that's why. Here it's been layingright there in that shed for four-fivedays with the wheel broke, and theweeds gettin' higher in my beets everyminute. I cal'lated to borrow it thisafternoon and see if I couldn't get 'emthinned out a little and here I findthat you ain't got it fixed yet!"Caleb regarded the borrower with afine irony, tempered by an exasperated amusement."See here, Jake," he said at length,"if my tools ain't in shape to suit you,why don't you go up the road a pieceand try Barney. He's got everythingyou need in the. way of tools mebbeyou can get jest what you want there,and get it when you want it. I'dreelly rather you'd try him a spell."Jake turned to Caleb a face full ofwounded dignity."Beats all how a man'll live rightalongside of another man for years,and not know him, after all," he burstout, earnestly. "I want you to know,Caleb Peaslee, that I ain't none of yourtowhiffle-minded folks! Them thatwants to can borrow of Barney, butI ain't goin' to. I started in borrowin'of you when I fust come here, and I'mgoin' to keep on borrowin' of you aslong as you've got anything to lend!"Youth's Companion.A TEST FOR LIVJER. COMPLAINT.Mentally UnhappyiPhytlcally Dull.The Liver, sluggish and inactive,firsts hows itself in a mental wayunhappy and critical. Never is therejoy in living, as when the Stomach andLiver are doing their work. Keep yourLiver active and healthy by using Dr.King's New Life Pills; they empty theBowels freely, tone up your Stomach,cure your constipation and purify theBlood. 25c at Druggists.Bucklin's Arnica Salve excellent forPiles.(adv-dec)YOU CAN HELP MORETHAN YOU DREAM.Can you better live up to the spiritof this time of rejoicing than bybringing hope and relief to some sufferer from consumption? nThe sale of Red Cross ChristmasSeals helps to establish and maintaindispensaries and visiting nurses forthe care of consumptives, and to educate thousands in the care of the sickand the prevention of sickness herein Kentucky.Do YOUR share.Buy and use Red Cross ChristmasSeals on everything you mail or sendaway until Christmas dav.T.iThThTi.T.iTlTlT.i!.!!!TrnvTrTrVTi SOMEM-H-H-H-RED CROSS SEAL XFIGURES.i. Few people have any concep-V tion of the magnitude of theX Red Cross Christmas Seal CamT paign. Here are a few figuresv that will show what a gijranticJ movement this is. Already 115,X 000,000 seals have boon printedX and practically that eiitue nuin-4-ber distributed to agents 111 alT most every state in tlie Union.? Probably l.".0O0.OUO more willJ, be needed. Advertising circulars,f posters, cards, etc., to the numX ber of seveial million, h.ue beenX distributed. It is estimated thatX the army of p:nd and volunteerT workers enjr.med in spIIuik sealsX numbers wcl over 100 00$ i. TheT advertising :.nl publn it.i donat-Y ed to the campaign amounts toX several hundred thoi -und dollars..I NEW LIVERY STABLE!New Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.WALTER MARTINERNEST MARTINHorses Boarded By Day, Week or loith!Hauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Transfer Bust-Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streeplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS.Stables Eigth St., Main St.Both PhonesJTOO MANY CHILDRENare under-size, under-weightwith pinched faces and poor blood; thejdo not complain but appetite lags, theyhave no ambition and do not progress.Such children need the rich medicinalnourishment in Scott'a EmuUion aboveeverything else ; its pure cod liver oil contains nature's own blood-forming, fleshbuilding fats which quickly show in rosycheeks, better appetite, firm flesh andsturdy frames.If your children are languid, tiredwhen rising, catch cold easily or findtheir studies difficult, give them Scott 'iEmuUion; it supplies the very food elements that their systems lack.Scott's EmuUion contains no alcoholand is so good for growing children it'spity to keep it from them.U-47 Scott SBownc, Bloomficld . N. J.IIt Is Time For You to ThinkAboutHEATINGSTOVESWe Have Every Kind of Heating and CookingStove lade! .THE RADIANT HOME best heaterthe world.inTHE CELEBRATED WILSON GASHEATER.THE O. K. LINE OF COOKING STOVES.They have no equal.In fact everything from the smallest to.. the largest. See our line and get ourPrices.Lowry & TalbottiSiisSi!ii Feld's Shoe Store,On Main Street Between Sixth and Seventh.awMm ripg"When the LeavesBegin )Eugene Field's Varied Career.Eugene Field, newspaper writer andpoet, was born (date not exactly authenticated in some biographies) November 7, 1850, at Amherst, Mass. Hisfather was a lawyer of some distinction and was one of the counsel in thefamous Dred Scott slave case7. Hismother died when he was a child andhe was placed in care of Miss French,a cousin. At the age of eighteen heentered Williams college, but, hisfather dying soon after, his guardianplaced him in Knox college at Galesburg, 111 , and later he went to the University of Missouri. In' 1871 he"knocked about" for a few months inEurope, and then for several yearswas a reporter, manager and editor fornewspapers in St. Louis, Kansas Cityand Denver. Later he was for yearson the staff of the Chicago EveningNews, until his death in 1895. Hewrote volumes of heart-appealingverse, his child poems especially beingwidely copied. He was possessed cf anotable library in which there weremany rare and costly volumes.lo lurn99Men's thoughts turn to the problem of heating duringthe coming cold season. They figure to get the mostheat for their money.Try Fox Ridge Coal. .Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.yrA. Q,.fh M.in St. Both Phones 140X E U WWW" ..-Market for Apples and Prunes.The people of Norway usually depend on the Norwegian apple crop andthe Servian prune crop for the greaterpart of their winter fruit supply. During the present season the apple cropin Norway is very light, being practically a falure; Servia, being at war,will be unable to supply prunes.These conditions furnish an opportunity for American exporters offruits to find a large market this season in Norway for dried and greetfapples and prunes, says Consul General Michael J. Hendrick, Christiania.While American fruits, both green anddried, are largely sold in Norway,none were heretofore imported directly from the United States, wholesaledealers in Hamburg, Germany, throughlocal agents, furnishing the supply.That Famous Barrel."Now, is there anything else I canshow you around the capitol?" askedthe congressman."There is," admitted his constituent."I'd like to have a look at that porkbarrel I read so much about in theJ papers." ,Nervous?Mrs. Walter Vincentfof Pleasant Hill, N. C,writes: "For three summers. I suffered fromnervousness, dreadfulpains in my back andsides, and weak sinkingspells. Three bottles ofCardui, the woman'stonic, relieved me entirely. I feel like anotherperson, now."TAKECarduiThe Woman's TonicFor over 50 years,Cardui has been helpingto relieve women's unnecessary pains andbuilding weak women upto health and strength.It will do the same foryou, if given a fair trial.So, don't wait, but begintaking Cardui today, forits use. cannot harm you,and chmtM cnrlv dn vmy. w..w' WVMWSj W WW good. E-72no1ULbs. Granulatedtjugctr(With a 2.00 Purchase.)$100IFound at Last.2 1-2 pound can Tomatoes, solid packed 9c2 1-2 Dound can Sweet Potatoes, 9cSugar Leaf Can Peas, 20c value :17c ASugar Leaf Can Peas, 20c value :..14cCardinal Brand Peas, 12 l-2c value 10c HBaby Bunton Corn, per can 8cElephant Corn, per can 8cPie Peaches, per can 8 l-3cHunt's Peaches, per can ;..23cLemon Cling or Sliced Golden State Can Peaches, 20c val 18c2 1-2 lb. can Hawaiian Pine Apple 23cMacaroni, 10c package 8cGolden Medal Oats, package 8cCutono Oats, package 8cMother's or Quaker Oats 9c16 oz. package Seeded Raisins 12 l-2c12 oz. package Seeded Raisins 9c16 oz. package Currants 12 l-2cMince Meat, 3 packages 25c2 large Mackerel 15c3-tie Brooms, extra good 20c4-tie Brooms, extra fcood 30c4-tie Brooms, 50c value 40cHarrison's Buck Wheat Flour, package 10cDon't think because our terms are cash you have to cometo the store. We have both phones and the delivery boy carries change with him, so you may pay at home as well as store.Watch our space every week and see what you can save bypaying cash.T. C.lenihainThe Electric Dry Cleaning Co. isthe place to have your clothes cleaned and pressed. Old suits and overcoats made to look like new. A trialwill prove this to you. Ladies' silkand fancy dresses a specialty. Allwork called for and delivered by wagon. Alteration and repair work of allkinds neatly done.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.,M. A. Cahal & C. C. Applegate,627 Main Street, Paris, Ky.Both Phones, Cumberland 831.-Home 418. . (13-lmo)LCosh Grocer. Both Phone 234V:A Legally 6UARJHITEED CUREtt IMSThink of it.Mr. Farmer.here's a remedy for hoe cholerathat is old under a "Legal Guarantee Bond." Howcan you afford to take chances against hoe cholerawhen you can eet this remedy on such terras?HAUPDaH HN VMlMVro MMMTfe ttuk nni rmlw pvpr not w that is cmaranteed to cure aadho cholera. It does the -work better than any other known remady,it did aot. it would not be sold on such a strong guarantee. AtDulili Write for fc bklt telliac bow to save yovraoffa.BOUaaOW RKMEPY COMPANY, Leal i. Ky.'-iV -,x-"x.rj- cl"i.-limKf tc) -?V .i A cX'-tiKiWt4:v"'- -'".4't" sV- "4-tf-v. ls.-V'A"""r ,.v- '- H"fzr-Jft- Jr'-1,'&?&&iJ- ?--V?.v-.&.V -3.'.Ai&M&UPJrtST --,-i.'. ''2z".y& 'JW..i. --. sHteb irfL&Jtafe&SUioJirtVadr r'r-WW. pryminwmrmKMIfffT flPJ- f" P. ,TWCHobift wriicm KJEIs9B9S- VTf WS OF MILLEBSBUR6go. to .the Presbyterian church -In a;body. The lodge will not be opened jbut simply -go in citizens' attirer, A&good musical program will also- beSTOCK AHO FARM NOTtS.RUGOUS. .f'Iir. T. J. Pratlier is in Mississippiprospecting.alesdames S. H. Price and J. H.Thompson, of Ewing, were guests ofMrs. E. C. Hawkins, Wednesday.f Messrs. W. It. Barnes and C. N.Jcluison continue about theing. fMrs. H. L. Dooley and daughter, ' Rev. J. J. Taylor, former pastorof Rockford, Illinois, arrived Wedne-?- of the Paris Baptist church, and "atday to be guests ot Mr. and Mrs. A. present pastor of the First BaptistT. Moffett. church, at Knoxville, Tenn., has ac-Mr. T. W. Clarke and family, of cepted a call from the First Baptisti Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, arrived church at bavanah, Ga.Caywood, Smith &. McCintockbought sixty head of fat hogs, thisweek at $6 per hundred pound.Mrs. Frankie D. Biddle, of nearHutchison, sold to Wm. Kirtley, ofRev Tnvlnr L.exington, a uiacK mare wim sucKimgkii nnn y- nnnn nnniir t- t -v rr -k iLiuikuiiiu v j.is t r iiiuiii .... w-. . - , . .---, ..-.Mus. Thomas McCllntock is able tote I Tliesday to spend the winter with his will assume charge of the church j coU at her side at -parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Clarke. about January 1. He is a son-in-law 1Ile. K- a- wutciicraitThe Junior Missionary Society of ol .Mr. and Mrs. Win. M. Hmton, ofthe Methodist church will hold a ba- Paris.zaar to-morrow at the store of Mr. Mup.Mro. O .M. Snapp, of Paris, wasthe guest of her mother, Mrs. Margaret Mitchell, and family, "Wednesday. Mrs. C. M. Best left Wednesdayfor the bedside of her father, Mr.Dotts, at Pennsylvania, Pa., who is seriously ill.ment store in the property of Miss , ner- . She comes niSnly recommendedLaany Layson, recently vacated by I amission, & o ceuib.Mr. Thomas Feeback and family. Judge T. P. Wadell closed theni,vi nA -wr. tt t miA e turkev season here to-day. Mr. J. H.jyjijiLx:i uau .uio. i-. a . vuiuiu, jl i - -Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, wereE. Pruitt. All kinds of edibles will beon sale.Mrs. Anna McLain Sankey, a personal friend of Dr. and Mrs. .C. B.Smith, will give a reading at the Baptist church to-nigtht. Don't fail to hearMethodist church,guesto of their sou, Cadet Colcord, atM. M. I., Monday and Tuesday. Theywere en route from Xew York to theirhome.Mesdames J. B. Cray and J. Clarke jLeer, Jr., and Mastc James BillieLeer left Wednesday tor a few days'visit to Mr. and Mrs. V. 3. Judy ciiMr. and Mrs. E. B. Currcit, al Lzx-ingtonProgram ofSunday, Dec. 12:Rev. Sims, pastor, will occupy hispulpit Sunday morning at 10:45o'clock, and at night at 7:30 o'clock.Sunday school at 9:30 a. m.At the Epworth League Sunday atG o'clock a play will be presented bythe Young Ladies' Missionary Society"The Call of America." The public!Stewart closed the season for Brent is invited to these services.& Bro. at Paris, to-day, with a total of-j12,000 bidrs slaughtered and dressed "for the Christmas trade. ' , SEAT SALE ON FOR "SEVEN .Miss Grace Harris, reader, and ' KEYS TO BALDPATE."Miss. Peggy Daniels, vocalist, will givevpoitnl nt Hip at v r. aiulitnriiim. iiie advance saie oi seats ana torKeys to Baldpate," is one of the big-School of Oratory of Chicago, and a Rest successes on tne American stage. J tire proceeds will be used locally inis une year in xsiew York ana six months Ujie campaiTSaturday evening at 8 p. hi., undor the boxes for the engagement of "Sevenauspices of the Y. M. C. A. of the Kers to Baldpate," Gorge M. Cohen'scollege. Miss Harris is a tormer grad- mystery farce that is to be presenteduate in expression and the literary de- at the Ben Ali, in Lexington, to-dayI i i. j? ii.-i if -m r cii. : nnn Ssflt nrrlJl v iri "sntiirnnv nipfinonMis; T onto Cn-"ifln o- V partnient OL Uie 1U. r. Kj. oau is a. -" -., w ,y,j i,jiiibb i-uujc o;-"' . ..iniw.o nf Mr. w a Dniipv of Miis opened Wednesday morning. "Sevenf.r-T ii i i n iTTiin nni'o rJnnn . r i i t i j.i a. vvk j m. a - - i -rfli-,t.ao or Pjric fv mr- - '-s city, a graduate of. the Columbiarrived Tuesday as the guest of hercousin, Miss Mary Savage, and otherrelatives.Mr. William Letton, who has beenat the home of his mother for the pastseveral weeks, lefc Tuesday for NewYork, and will return to his home a.tAtlanta about Christmas. Mrs. Letton"will leave for Atlanta in a few days.Mesdames E. H. Dorian, of Memnhis, Tenn., and J. M. Alverson andlittle son, John Lassing, of Lawrence- jburg:, will arrive Friday to remain un-1rafter the Christmas holidays with jNEWS OF THE SECRET ORDERS. cr lmd the following pupils on thetheir father, Mr. J. G. Allen, and fam-j 1loncr roll for November: GenevaMrs. C. B. Debois and little son, aroUnd and drop in your contribution ton Hill) 96; Connie OliverW; H. C.j- vrrT 1 ? BUW ,. l "f; . . ifor a merry Christmas for the 160 or- Moreland, 94; Minnie Blackburn, 93;j. vv iuucj iua acvciai crct.o, iciiitfonesday tor their new home atassigneesale which was to have been heldnear Muir station yesterday, was indefinitely postponed, on account of thefoot-and-mouth disease quarantineHorses broken suitable for warservice have advanced ' $20 in pricesince the outbreak of hostilities inEurope, and prices of young horsesnot yet trained have advanced $17each. The effect of the war has alsobeen seen in an advance in the pricesof foodstuffs, lDISINFECT WITH "SANIFECT."The best disinfectant. Spray with"Sanifect." For sale by(8-2t) DODSON & DENTON.RED CROSS SEALS.The sale of the Red Cross ChrntmasSeals in Paris is being conducted under the auspices of the Bourbon County Health and Welfare League, underthe supervision of Mrs. J. T. Vansant,chairman of the committse. The en-mom her of the facultv. Miss Harriscomes highly recommended. Most of hi Chicago is the record of the wonderour people have heard her when a f Py ot laughs and thrills. Thestudent at M. F. C, and were im- me company and production thatpressed with her work. Miss Daniels produced this farce in New York andcomes highly recommended as vocal- Chicago will be seen in Lexington,ist. This is an opportunity that every , i(adv)one should take advantage of. Ad-mission 2oc. ,uome eany it you want iiv-- ..w..i .choice seats.BOURBON SHOOLS.The school at Ruddles Mills, otwhich Miss Minerva Neal is the teach-Oklahonia. Rev. Dubis preceded themtwo' weeks ago. Rev. Dubois was pastor of the Presbyterian church in Cincinnati for several years.The Preachers' Aid Society of thePresbyterian church gave a Christmasbazaar in the Sunday school room ofthe church Wednesday, which waswell attended. Quite a nice little sumwas realized. Many useful and handsome articles were on sale, all bringing good prices.Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Hicks leftThursday for their new home at Winchester. Mr. and Mrs. Hicks have resided in Millersburg for the past twoyears, during which time Mr. Hicksconducted a meat market. All whoknow them regret their departure.Mr. Hicks will continue in the meatbusiness at Winchester.Rev. A. S. Venable wii preach asermon to the Amity Lodge No. 40, F.and A. M., Sunday at 7 p. m. Subject"Character Building." .This is to besinply a' sermon to Masons. All members of Amity Lodge are requested tomeet at the lodge room at 6 p. m. andphans and widows in our Home at Ethel Mitcheltree, 93; Lena Rector,Lexington. In January & Connell's 93; Lannie Lones, 93; Thelman Mc-window you see a nice poster, showing Kenzie, 92; Raymond Blackburn, 92;old Santa Claus, the Home and Children, with a slot in the glass windowj to drop in your money. If too busyto attend the same, call up Judge B.B. January and tell him how much youwant to contribute. Remember yourobligation.The Page Rank was conferred onabout twenty candidates at the meeting of Rathbone Lodge, No. 12, K. ofP., at their Castle Hall, last night.Grand Chancellor Sherman Am, ofMaysville, was present and assisted inthe work.BIRTHSI Born, to the wife of S. A. Davis,in this city, Sunday night, a son.Born, on Sunday, to the wife ofMr. William Buchanan, nee Fry, aten-pound daughter.Lillie Linville, 92; William Preston,92: May Belle Falconer, 91; LenaMitcheltree, 90; Flora Jones, 90.campaign oemg wageu in mis cityand county by the Health and WelfareLeague against tuberculosis. Theselittle seals can be-purchased at theArdery Drug Co.'s, Geo. S. Varden &Son, Oberdorfer'j, W. T. Brooks', theParis Book Store, Shire & Fithian'sand L. Frank &. Co.'s store.Help the cause. Put a Christmasseal on your letters and packages.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)With some girls a clear conscienceruns second to a clear complexion.Good advice is when a man advisesyou to do something that you intendedto do anyway.About a week after a woman buysthe hat she likeo best discovers another hat that she likes better. !Lnf0Arfff0fj? .ffln QBfe 5'55o5S5SJHBfcL??oSSBfcThe following is the honor roll ofthe pupils of Cunningham School for Ithe month of November: GertrudeLykins, 95; Lucy Howard, 94; Harmon Taylor, 92; James Liter, 92;Edna Davis, 92; Ruth Brooks, 92;Glenn Price, 92; Susie Davis, 92; Her-jbert Lykins, 92; Bertha Fitzpatrick,91; William Taylor, 91; Catherine!Howard, 90; Hazel Taylor, 90; RayLiter, 90: Sallie Thomas, 90. MissMattie Neal is the teacher of this .school. ! !Miss Lola Gray, teacher of the Monterey School, reports the followinghonor pupils for the month of November: Mary Cummins, 92; Wm. Cummins, 90; Mary Mansfield, 97; Margaret Medlin, 95; Gladys Gay, 92;Amanda Gay, 91, and Lillian Medlin, 91. iCop right, by McC!ure Syndicate.)IfQVE&TheWE ARE READYFOR YOU!Greatest Assortment ofFootwear Ever Offered.aHDDMHiikSOVTR " 1HHolidayHave YOU got any money HIDDEN or carelesslytucked away in YOUR house ?If so, come in and BANK it and have peace of mind.When you keep money in your house, you are notonly in danger of losing it by FIRE, but BURGLARS have away of "spotting" the house in which money is hidden andyou may also lose your LIFE.Make OUR bank YOUR bank-We pay 5 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPITAL ..$150,000.00SURPLUS 30,000.00STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY. ... 150,000.00Protection to Depositors $330,000.00S. E. BEDFORD, President. C. K. THOMAS, CashierDPS.DROHAN.The remains of Miss Mary Drohan, a former resident of Paris, whodied in Covington, Monday, werebrought to Paris, Wednesday morningon the 10:24 L. & N. train and interred on the family lot in the 'Paris Catholic cemetery, jMiss Drohan was a daughter ot thelate Mr. and Mrs. Pearce Drohan, whoresided in East Paris years ago, andwas a niece of Mrs. Jacob Schwartz,of Paris. She i3 survived by onebrother, Mr. Dan Drohan, and two sisters, Miss Josie Drohan and Mrs. Wm.Poulin, of Covington.The pall-bearers were M. J. Murphy,Dan Jordan, Pat Kane, John J. Connell, Jos. Higgins and Henry Grosche.NOTICE.Paris, Ky., December 5, 1914.Notice to Physicians and Heads ofFamilies :The law requires that all contagiousand infectious diseases be madeknown to the Board of Health asearly as a diagnosis of the diseaseis made. The penalty for failure is$5 for each day thereafter not so reported. Will it not reasonably occurto the responsible party that almostirreparable results may follow negligence in this matter? Please be governed by the law.A. H. KELLER,President of the Health Board.(8dec-tf)LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)A man is always looking for trouble.After experimenting with a motorboat and an automobile he will go andcop out a wife.A Pittsburg woman holds thatfour years is long enough for any woman to live with any man. Well, ifwe could get a certificate entitling usto cop out a new wife every time wevoted for a President, there wouldn'tbe any trouble getting the men out tothe polls on election day. lSTRAYED.From my lot, a yellow Jersey cow,with short horns and short" teats.Liberal rewaru for return of cow orinformation leading to her recovery.(11-tf) P. NIPPERT, SR,A woman's corsets get old and outof shape, and her skirts shrink. Butshe never gets fat.Cottage For Rent.Modern cottage of six rooms, withall conveniences, located on Highstreet, near Sixteenth. Reasonablerent. Apply or call, MRS. CLYDE KELLER,(dec-11-lt) Cumberland Phone 674.For Sale.One gentle, bay, combined mare, 15hands high, 6 years old, 1 buggy andset of buggy harness, nearly new.Will sell cheap.(ll-3t) ' J. M. RUSSELL.Never before have we been able to buy such large Quantities of New, De?mandablc Footwear at such Reduction Prices.Owing to the unusual business depression and the unseasonable weather, wehave bc&n able to purchase these High Grade Shoes at our own price.WE ADVISE YOU TO SHOP EARLYAs every lot is now complete in vry detail and you cannot be disappointed. Younot only save time and money, but you get absolutely exactly what you want byshopping now. DO YOUR HOLIDAY SHOPPING NOW !Public Sale.We will sell the Turney Pattonfarm of 86 acres, situated two milesfrom Millersburg, Ky., land, stock,crop, etc., Cynthiana and Millersburgpike at ten a. m., onTHURSDAY, DECEMBER, 17, 1914.Carlisle Real Estate Co.Col. Geo. D. Speakes, Auct. (ll-2t)Dissolution Notice.iI This is to notify the public that thepartnership business of the firm ofGault & Thomas, doing business in thecity of Millersburg, Kentucky, is thisday dissolved by mutual consent. Theobligations of the firm will be assumedby Mr. Gault.(ll-2t) , S. F. THOMAS.rM TheLargest AssortmentOf Men's, Women's andChildren'sHIGH-GRADE FOOTWEAR!ID3ST COKE El 1ST7Shoe StoresKentucky Carlsbad SpringsSomething That the Kentucky Carlsbad Water Will Do That NoOther Water Ever Discovered Has Done.GoodiesLet. Us Fill Your ChristmasOrder.Shelled Pecans, 50c the poundOranges, 15c and up per dozenBulk and Fancy Box CandiesFancy Fruits and Nuts oi AlKinds.ORDERS FOR ICES OF ALLKINDS PROMPTLY FILLED.We will take the albumen out o:your water in three days and we areoAii& ,ii v-doco ui um utiles tnai amih.the water. We will give relief to thpmost severe cases of kidney troublein one day and will absolutely cure anycase in 10 days. Stomach trouble' guarantee it to cure any case in ten daysif it hasn't become cancerous. Bladder trouble of any kind will be curedin ten days. It will cure any old soreby bathins in it for two or three davs.We guarantee it to cure any case ofcatarrh of the head or bowels in tendays. If you drink this water for tendays you wil be absolutely free fromconstipation or any organic trouble, asit positively will restore every internal organ of the body in ten daysIf it doesn't the treatment won't costyou anything.You can get the same results, if itis not convenient for you to come tothe Springs, right at home, as we shipthe water with full directions, excepting rheumatic cases; they must cometo the Springs to get well. Be sureto write for our free booklet.H ,y7"T""l T j 1-CACii - -f-rr m U Tilvf-i ni "W -5 -.-- ft'-- ..y ... -Lxy -m-m. j KentuckyCatlsbadSpringS,Inc.