THEBOURBONNWxf 4&L-v y ,& Vi ."71.PUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARPARIS, KENTUCKY? FRIDAY, JUNE 19, 1914.VOLUME XXXII"v ir mfw. - - .iiPLEADS "NOT.GUILTY" INCIRCUIT COURT.George Alexander Appears inOpen Court and WaivesExamination.NEWS OFCIRCUIT COURT.McClure Gets Verdict of$10,000 Against Jas. D.McClintock.GOV. BEGKHAMAND MP i. THOMASAre Stirring Things up inTheir Campaign inDistrict.SEASONAT WHITEopens rPARK 1TO-MORROW.ixt'.'WE KNOW HOW"kn 4k, . .IThe $50,000 damage suit 'of JamesMcClure, cashier of the First NationalBank, of Paris, against Jas. D. McClintock, insurance manager, Satterwhite&, Underwood, of Louisville, and theAmerican Bonding Co., of Baltimore,Md., which has been in progress incourt since Monday was decided Wednesday afternoon, when the jury, afterhearing arguments by opposing counsel, retired, and after deliberating onehour returned a verdict for McClurefor 10,000. The jury found for thedefendants in the case against thebonding company.The suits were brought for 350,000damages for alleged reports concerning the mental condition of the plaintiff's mother, and which led to thebonding cqmpany cancelling Mr. McClure's bond.William McFay, white, charged withbreaking into the Bourbon CountyCourt House last March, plead guiltyand was given an indeterminate sentence of from two to twenty years inthe penitentiary. .The case of George Alexander, former President of the George Alexander & Co. State Bank, charged byihirty-two indictments with wreckingthe bank through embezzlement, false-entries, violating a number of Statebanking laws, etc., was calied at 3:30o'clock. Mr. Alexander, accompaniedby his wife and daughter, Miss KateAlexander, appeared in court, hisphysical appearance showing plainlyindications of the mental strain of the-past several weeks.At ?n early hour in the day Mr. Alexander had asked permission toplead through his attorneys, Messrs.Talbott & Whitley, and thus avoid ap--nearinsin court, but this was refuse'd"by the Prosecuting Attorney, who demanded that Mr. Alexander be incourt.Mr. Alexander pleaded not guilty.He then waived formal examinationand was held for trial at the November term of court. Bail was fixed at2,000 on each indictment, amountingto $64,000.Mrs. Anne Prichard, who was onthe original bond, was asked to be released as surety. This was granted.Alexander has determined to fighteach of the 32 indictments separately,which will mean that 32 differentjuries will hear the various cases.Thomas F. Brannon, charged withcontempt of court in striking C. P.Conk, a witness in a case against him,was fined $1,000 and given a jail sentence of six months. Brannon appealed the case.The case of Forest Lawrence, charged with the killing of Gus Thomas,colored, in Mike L. Woods'saloon, on Main street, was called fortrial vesterday. After the intorduction of testimony and the argumentsbv counsel the case was given to thejury which, after a half-hour's deliberation, returned a verdict of accqi,tal.Court adjourned until to-morrowmorning.STATE REVENUE AGENT FILESSUITS FOR BACK TAXES.WANTS THOMAS AND BECKHAMELECTED.Mr. J. S. Head, Sr., of Glendale,Hardin County, an ex-Confederate, andwell known farmer, is a guest of hisbrother-in-law and army comrade,Mr. Richard Talbott, on PleasantStreet, in this city, and incidentallyrenewing acquaintances among otherswho served in the Lost Cause.Mr. Head has been visiting friendsin Morehead and Ashland. His son,Mr. Jos. S. Head, Jr., who is wellknown in Paris, is cashier of theAshland Bank & Trust Co., and is abrother-in-law of Mrs. E. M. Dickson,of Paris.Mr. Head is greatly interested, in apersonal way, in the political fightwhich ex-Governor J. C. W. Beckhamis making for U. S. Senator, and during his nroloneed stav in Moreheadjand Ashland, became informed of theprogress Mr. Beckham is making inBoyd and Bowan counties. He is ofthe opinion that Mr. Beckham willcarry Ashland and Boyd County by alarge majority, and says that he is especially strong in Morehead and Rowan County. Mr. Head further saidthat in Hardin County Mr. Beckhamwill sweep the county vote solidly,while McCreary will secure a smallvote and Stanley actually left at thepost. In Paducah, Stanley's district,Mr. Beckham will get a fine vote. Mr.Head 'has three children living inthis district, all of whom are enthusiastically for Beckham and Thomasfor Senator and Congressman respectively. Mr. Head was very much impressedwith the appearance of Paris, this being Ais first visit hre, and spoke invery fyigh terms of its business possibilities. Mr. Head has been a voting Democrta all his life and was a Steward ofthe Feeble Minded Institute at Frankfort under the Goebel-Beckham administration. "I admire your fellow-townsman,Hon. C. M. Thomas, very much, andRelieve he will be a sure winner," saidMr. Head. "Old Kentucky will certainly be well represented by brainymen. when Beckham and Thomas areadded to the contingent there now."Paris and Huntington TeamsTo Meet Saturday andSunday.PARK INFINE SHAPE.Monday and Tuesday theLexington Colts ComeFor Two Games.MT.STERLING ADVOCATE ADVOCATES GOV. BECKHAM.In the following editorial in themil-rent issue of the Mt. Sterling Advocate, the editors come out squarelyfor the coming Senator:"For weeks we have made no effortto conceal our preference in the contest for the Democratic nominationfor United States Senator before theStntrf nrimarv August 1, next."Ordinarily because of party expediency, we refrain from doing this.However, with us, this is not an ordinary party contest, as in supportingformer Governor J. C. W. Beckhamwe are recognizing personal obligations of long standing and are responding to the dictates of an affectionate friendship, we hope will nevercease. We are also actuated by anhonest belief that he is the best fittedto represnt us in the most august aeliberative body in the world. A gentleman by birth, of high ideals, wideexperience and maked ability, he willreflect, as neither of his opponentscould, the sentiment pf the new Democracy and the best thought of theday. , , . ,."As a private citizen he has boldlystood often at a personal sacrificeft. tvir.oo things which make forpeace, happiness and prosperity, wmieas an official he has always beenclean, capable and honest. Called tothe great office of Governor, when little more than a boy, he gave to Kentuckv the most splendid business adTninistrn.tinn it has ever had. Auditor of Public Accounts informs us"Batter up. Play Ball'"Saturday afternoon, for the firsttime since the late lamented Paristeam of the Blue Grass League playedits farewell game in organized baseball here, the old familiar cry of'HisUmps" will be heard floating acrossthe diamond at White Park "PlayBall."The Paris team of Ohio StateLeague, formerly the Newport team,reorganized and rejuvenated by theaddition of new playing material, willmeet the Huntington team and a goodgame is expected.A large force of men has been busily engaged all week putting the parkin shape, and Manager Applegatesays that Paris "fans" who thoughtthe park was A No. 1 in the BluegrassLeague days will find that it is ineven better playing condition nowthan then. The diamond has beenthoroughly rolled and put in the verybest condition and the .outfield looksas trim as a Duncan Avenue lawn.While no public announcement liasbeen made as to the arrangements forthe opening exercises it is said that aparade of the two teams," headed bythe Paris High School Band fromtheir quarters to the ball park will beone of the features of the day.On Sunday the Paris and Huntington teams will play the second of theseries, and on Monday and Tuesdaythe Paris team will play Lexington,now apparently intrenched in firstplace. As every "fan" knows thebaseball rivalry between Paris andLexington has always been of thetense order, and there is always something stirring when the two teamsmeet. While Paris "fans" have noline on the present team that willrepresent them they will with the oldtime enthusiasm, root for the "homeboys" and vow eternal demnition uponthose who refuse to pull for Paris.The Paris line-up for the four gamesat White Park Saturday and Sundayjwith Huntington Monday and Tuesday with Lexington will be as follows :Just the ThingFor SummeriAv ,-h,S?-s: l vWhite Flannel and White SergeTrousers For Men.White Serge with neat black stripes, made withcuff bottoms, tunnel belt straps, Just the thing towear these warm days with white suit and darkcoat We are showing a. great many patterns inthese goodsPrices Ranging From ;$4.00 to $7.00Mitchell & Blakemore,W The Store -for Men's Stvles Paris. KentudThe Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckyIHIV HIHHIHBHIIHiF ZE HBMMMBHBBHHHBB Fmrr HiHHHIHIHIPC?IHHIHBH!HPHmpWM4'AAAAAAAAAA4AAAAAA4A44A44A44A44AAAAAA4A4AAA4FRANK & COAlten, Utrecht, Long, Hart, Hannah,pitchers; Francisco, Thompson, catchers; Munscn, 1st base (manager);Hobbs, second base, Daubert, shortstop; Shrimper, third base; Shafer,left field; Sherman, center field;Cefaula, right field.Huntington line-up will probably be:Burden, pitcher; Redmon, catcher;Haddox, first base; Taylor, secondbase; Schlegel, third base; Strain,short stop; Calvert, left field; Seigle,center field; Thomas, . right field.(Subject to change.)The games will be called at 3 p. m.sham. The same prices of admission will obtain as when Paris wasin the Blue Grass League 25c and35c (grandstand.)An especial feature that the management desires given publicity isthat every Friday will be "Ladies'Day," when the fair sex will be favored guests at -the Park of course themales will follow.There is not hardly a boy or manAs an aftermath to the closing ofthe Alexander Bank, and just as thedepositors were recovering from theirfirst shock, came the announcementvesterday that R. J. O'Mahony, of Lex-igton, revenue agent for tne &ue d,tlarge, had filed suit for back taxesagainst a number of the depositorswho had failed to list their savingswith the Assessor.In County Clerk Paton's office thereare filed suits against the following:Nicholas Kriener, ?37,500 foP fiveears: Joseph Wilson, 15,000 for fiverears; Joseph K. Redmon, $3,000 forone year; Mrs. Sallie Stuart, $4,000for five years; Nicholas Connell, $2,200 for five years; Edward Sparks,$29,000 for five years; -James Doty,$2,000 for five years; George Howard$2,000 for five years.Mr. O'Mahoney spent several dayshere in a quiet investigation, andfiled the suits in the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton. It is expectedthat many others may be caught inthe drag-net of the back-tax sleuthsbefore many days.for11.-A tvtooIi 51 1900. there Was a ; yia -url-mlo rrmnt.rv wlin does notmax uxi moiwi UJ., -, ---- iti x.. ,.. j - --balance In the State Treasury of follow tn great national game of$364,894.01; that the State has a,base ban with as much eagerness asbonded indebtedness of $1,000,000.00 he waits for his breakfast in theand outstanding warrants of $5,892.16. ; m0rning. The influence that it wieldsWinen ne went uul ui wm iin the treasury on Nov. 30, 1907, $1,546,052.82, no bonded indebtednessand outstanding warrants of only $5,099 79"We therefore urge "all those whodisapprove of his betrayel six yearsago, who admire courage, competencyand honesty, and want to see us represented in the upper House of Congress by a man of whom we can allfeel justly proud, to rally 'round thevictorious Beckham banner."BIG CLEARANCE SALEOFReady to 'Wear Garments !Compare Our Prices With Other Stores, Then Come In and See the -Garments"You Will Be Surprised at the Real Bargains Offered.4. &wl'Mr&tt'l"l"l"l"l"l"M.2. .X.4.Silk, Poplin and Moire xSuits. All Colorsana DiacK.AT $9.95LAST EXAMINATION OFWHITE SCHOOL TEACHERSThe last examination of whiteteachers before the fall term of schoolwill be held to-morrow by County Superintendent 'Miss Mabel Robbins, inher- office in' the Court House.BECKHAM IN HARDIN.ELIZABETHTOWN, June 18. Formor Gov. J. C. W. Beckham, whoopened his Senatorial campaign inElizabethtown on March 16, returnedto Hardin County for a brief timeWednesday, speaking in the forenoonat Sonora, where he was greeted by asplendid and enthusiastic audience.Beckham was introduced by Chas A.Nelson, former Representative of thecounty and one of the most activeDemocrats. His speech was given ahearty reception.Mr Beckham's fences are in splendid shape throughout the Fourth district, but at no point is he strongerthan in Hardin County where the opposition to him is dwindling. MrBeckham has the solid support of theContinued on Page 8.)i9 tremendous."Batter up! Play Ball!"The following is the schedulethe Paris team at home:June ""LVl Huntington22-23 .- Lexington30 . CharlestonJuly 1 ' Charleston2-3 Chillicothe4 ' ... Lexington5-6 Portsmouth24-25 Ironton-26-27 Charleston28-29 Huntington30-31 ChillicotheAug. -I- 2 Maysvillo3-4 Portsmouth5-6 Ironton7-8 Charleston9-10 Lexington11-12 Huntington13-14 Portsmouth3-4 Ironton7-7 Maysville8-9 , Huntington10-11 Charleston12-- as Chillicothe::i1:t 'v.I1!5ttAT $9.95Any Ordinary Size Wool Suit in Our EntireStock Worth Up To $35.00.AT $7.50We ore Offering a Very Select Line ofMisses' and Ladies' Suits WorthUp To $20.00.AT $9.95Any Ladies' Silk or Cloth Coat Worth UpTo $25.00.AT $4.95Any Child's Separate Coat Worth RegularlyUp To $15.00.AT $3.95Any Serge or Eponge Dress That Sold Formerly Up To $8.50.Come Early and Get Choice.s444r4444"-Sept."" ;frHI"M,fr4fr4"I"M"I"I'frPLAY BALL!ocYou fellows who attend the gameto-morrow will look well, dolled upin a Davis suit. $15 to $35. -J, W: DAVIS & CO,vThe Store Where -Reliability Reigns.!ZtrV'? .J jm-fT u,i"i -- c0,11v'VTHP BOURBON NEWS, PAWS,, KENTUCKY. JUNE 19 ;I914Weak HeartMany people suffer from weak hearts. Theymay experience shortness of breath on exertion,pain over the heart, or dizzy feelings, oppressed breathingafter meals or their eyes become blurred, the heart is notsufficiently strong to pump Dlood to the extremities, andthey have cold hands and feet, or poor appetite because of weakenedblood supply to tho stomach. A heart tonic and alterative should be taken which hasbo bad after-effect. Such isDr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discoverywhich contains no dangerous narcotics or alcohol.It helps the human system in the constant manufacture of rich, red blood. Ithelps the stomach to assimilate or take up the proper elements from the food, therebyhelping digestion and curing dyspepsia, heart-burn and many uncomfortable symptoms, stops excessive tissue waste in convalescence from fevers: for the run-AfYam mrtmmii Viin-K1nn1n nannla i-VtaIn liquid or tablet form at moat drug atorea or send SO one-cerstampafor trial box to Dr.Pierce's Invalids Hotel, Buffalo, N. Y.RedCkaFtVnCiaJtTy OrgJttinlteMMedklAdTUar,'--AFiachcIt!:. IbotmJ book el 1004 paces Mat am receipt of 31 oae-ccat stuspc, Mdreu aa abore..aflBBMBflaHBBBBflBVsnBt Paris Rome telephone and CeUgrapb o(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. K. E. SPEARS, Commerical Manager.Bourbon LaundryDWIS.& FUNK, Props.W Telephone No. 4.t ignsjaa!agag1 r- iBourbon Laundry.Paris Kentucky.G1L'. W. DAVISFUNERAL MiCTOR AND LICENSED EIBALMEI.BOTH'PHONiSS DAI' 137; NIGHT 299.Tirst Popular Price Excorsion of the SeasonTo Cincinnati and ReturnSunday, June 21 1914,for the Round Trip xz: -Special train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a. m., returning leoves Cincinnati-Fourth Street Station 7:00 p. m. Forfurther information call onLow round trip Summer TouristMckets to all principal tourist pointsfe Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyJfay 15, untir Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct 31, with very liberallop-over privileges. For further infemation call on or addressK J. K. SMITH, T. A.,or, W. H. .HARRIS, Agt.'TicrMTeYXT" IS Ttf rpfltl in tr anrf VlfcIlZinTHave You aHOME TELEPHONEOr Bourbon CountyBusiness is GrowingMore Rapidly ThanEver Before.Ask Your NeighborJ About TheService, Then Let Us Figure With YouWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes beck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeHEALTH PAST FIFTYCareful diet is of utmost importance tomen and women past fifty years of age;It keeps up their strength, and the oil-food in Scott's Emulsion is a nourishingfood, a curative medicine and a sustaining. tonic to regulate the functions,j It contains the medicinal fats of purei cod liver oil and science proves that theyfurnish twice as much energy as otherfoodp then too, it creates pure blood,sharpens the appetite, relieves rheumatism, strengthens the body and alleviatesthe ailments due to declining: years.j Scott's is free from wines, alcohol or Iharmful drugs. Beware of substitutes.New Barber 81iopCorner Fourth and MainModern Equipment,Polite Service.Everythixig Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORD. wOnicklr relierM Rhetim&tira. Sore Mns.M cles, Neuralgia, Backache. Ileadache andm an pains. 1 our money DacK 11 it iaus 10 ) itlieaftHers anr ache in any cart of the bodvmieen minutes time.Jfrioe COc. AX JLll Druggists,Free staple aad dreaUr ant en requMt,BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY.342 East Main St., LaxJnitM. Ky.The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188132 Years -oftinouous Publication.Con-SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner,(Entered at the Paris, " Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATES, , Display Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.SCORES NEWSPAPERS.The Blue Grass Clipper, publishedat Midway says, editorially: ."The article being published in someof the newspapers of Kentucky under the scare headlines "WoodrowWilson Condems Beckham's Methods"shows to what extremity the antiBeckham forces in Kentucky havecome. They are trying to make it appear that President Wilson has issued a special statement with regardto Mr. Beckham's attitude on thelipuor question. Mr. Beckham has atno time declared for National prohibition. His work for temperance hasbeen done along the lines of localoption, and in this he has done morefor the cause in Kentucky than anyother man. We are surprised that anynewspaper claiming to be Democraticwill open its columns, even for paytto any such slander, both upon thePresident and upon the friends of Mr.Beckham. Mr. Beckham was working earnestly for Mr. Wilson y& aneffort to carry Kentucky for himwhen the Kentucky CongressionalTrust at Washington was doing all inits power to defeat him."We do not know who inspired thearticle or who is paying for its publication, but it is about the dirtiestpiece of politics we ever heard of.And there have been some pretty rotton politics in Kentucky in the past."Mr. Beckham will win the nomination in August and will be triumphantly elected in November, and thepoliticians who are now trying hardto defeat him had aa well wake up tothe fact."CURES STUBBORN,ITCHY SKIN TROUBLES."I could scratch myself to pieces"is often heard from sufferers of Eczema, Tetter, Jtch and similar SkinEruptions. Don't Scratch Stop theItching at once with Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment. Its first applicationstarts healing; the Red, Rough, Scaly,Itching Skin is soothed by the Healing and Cooling Medicines. Mrs. C.A. Einfeldt, Rock Island, 111., after using Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment,writes: "This is the first time in nineyears I have been free from thedreadful ailment." Guaranteed. 50cat your druggist.(June)HAS SHETLAND PONYCOLT TWELVE INCHES HIGH.Andrew H. Mizell, wholesale grocer, of Nashville, Tenn., owns a largeblue grass farm nine miles of thatcity, and raises pure bred winners,principally little Shetland ponies.Over two years ago a colt of thatbreed was foaled which still maintains his original dimensions, to-wit:Just twelve inches high. His ownerwears a large overcoat in winter andcarries the little pet around in hispocket. He claims the prerogative ofa poodle and sleeps on the foot of thebed. His tiny hoofs can be heardabout the house during the day.FOR AN IMPAIRED APPETITE.To improve the appetite and tostrengthen the digestion try a fewdoses of Chamberlain's Tablets. Mr.J. H. Seitz, of Detroit, Mich., says:"They restored my appetite when impaired, relieved me of a bloated feeling and caused a pleasant and satisfactory movement of the bowels."For sale by all dealers.(June)CAMDENCOMMISSIONEDAS U. S. SENATOR.Gov. McCreary issued the commission Tuesday to J. N. Camden, ofWoodford County, making him United States Senator to fill, until the November election, the vacancy causedby the death of Senator W. O. Bradley. Mr. .Camden filed his petition forthe short term nomination Tuesdayafternoon. He ei( for Washingto.iWednesday morning to take his seat,after which he will return to Kentucky and get into the primary campaign for the short term nominationGET RID OF YOUR RHEUMATISM.Now is the time to get rid of yourrheumatism. You can do it if youapply Chamberlain's Liniment.- W.A. Lockhard, Homer City, N. Y.'"writes, "Last spring I suffered frommy arms and shoulders. I got a bottie "of Chamberlain's Liniment and thefirst application relieved me. By using one bottle of it I was entirelycured." For sale by all dealers.(June)The Mexican question is like Joe"1 Chandler Harris' tar baby. The close"our government gets the more it getrmixed up .yithtte inseparable-thingFREDERICK AWALLIS'MAYGET $8,000' FEDERAL JOB.A dispatch from Washington to theLouisville Herald says;"A former Kentuckian has a splendid show of being appointed Commissioner of Immigration at New YorkCity. This job pays $8,000 a year, andis one of the best Federal jobs remaining 'to be plucked. The formerKentuckidn who is being boosted forit is Frederick A. Wallis, who lived atHopkinsville for a time, and later atParis, Ky."He has a very high standing withthe 'powers that be' in the nationalAdministration. Senator James indorsed him. It is expected tiie ap-jpointment win De made soon.Mr. Wallis married Miss NanineClay, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Thos.Henry Clay, Sr., of Paris. He hasbeen prominent in New York politicsfor many years.VALUABLE HINT TOINSIDERS LOOKING OUT.When repainting window screensand screen doors, give them a coupleof coats of white paint or else use alight tint in place of the conventionalblack or dark green. Screens painted in this way possesses the peculiaradvantage of presenting an unobstructed view to a person from on theinside, while a person on the outside is prevented from looking intothe house by the reflection of thelight from the wire of the screen.FINE FLOW OF OIL ISSTRUCK NEARIRVINE.C. R. Dulin, of Greencastle, Indiana, struck a fine flow of oil lastweek on the Williams & Maple 4,000tract of land, and about four milesnortheast of Irvine. The well is estimated by oil men to be good for from10 to 15 barrels per day. The oil islight green and will test 34 gravity.The well is causing quite a stir in andaround Irvine. Leases are being taken on all sides of the well."TIZ" EASES TIRED,SORE, SWOLLEN FEETJust take your shoes off and thenput those weary, shoe-crinkled, aching, burning, corn-pestered, buniontortured feet of yours in a "TIZ" bath.Your toes willwriggle with joy;they'll look upAt you and almost talk andthen they'lltake anotherdive in that"TIZ" bath.When yourfeet feel alltired out justtry "TIZ." It'sgrand Your feet will dance with joy;no more pain in corns, callouses andbunions. There's nothing like "TIZ."It's the only remedy that draws outall the poisonous exudations whichpuff up your feet and cause foot torture. Get a 25 cent box of "TIZ" at anydrug or department store don't wait.Ah! how glad your feet get; how comfortable your shoes feel. You canwear shoes a size smaller if you desire. (No. 3-fri)Now Well"Thedford's Black-Draughtis the best all-round medicinelever used," w rites J. A.Stcelman, of P2icnville, Texas."I suffered terribly with livertroubles, and could get no relief.The doctors said I had consumption. I could not work atall. Finally I triedand to my surprise, I got better,and am to-day as well as anyman." Thedford's BlackDraught is a general, cathartic,vegetable liver medicine, thathas been regulating irregularities of the liver, stomach andbowels, for over 70 years. Geta package today. Insist on thegenuine Thedford's. E-70KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Inter urban. Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris?6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00' a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m '2:50 q. m3:30 n mLeave ParisLexington6:45 a m7:30 a-m8:15 a m9:00 a mJ): 45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p mfor4:205:006:007:20mmmm4:305:156:056:508:1510:05PPPPPPmmmmmm9:10m11:00 d mDaily aaiept 4Snriday-Opportunity Knocks But Once atYour Door. It is Knotking"TODAY"Now is the time to think of your nextWinter's Coal.Cheaper now than any time duringthe r. Avail yourselves now.Dodson DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St.IpGtoSSBlQtaeSMQMSfePOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSunday, june 2175cRoundTripSCENERYTickets sold at GEORGETOWN goodApply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen &H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.A NEAT BARBER SHOP.Mr. Carl Crawford has opened up anew and cozy barber shop at the corner of Fourth, and Main streets. Newfurniture, sterilizers, hot water heaters, etc. Mr. Crawford and anothercapable barber are in charge and areready to take care of thewnts of theparticular men. Mr. Crawford invitesall his old customers and the generalpublic to visit him in his new place.(24-tf)MK-'J1lthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flicterdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the inferiortankwason oils saves MONEY savesWORK paves epes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Ctias. C. Stoli Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "NoCarb"Auto Oil.INSURANCEAGAINSTFIRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINTON, :AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable.Prompt-Paying Companies, see Jme. 4SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical,, cleansing andgermicidal of all' antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesIn treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equalFor ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamIJedicine Co. has recommended Paxtincin their private correspondence wittwomen, which proves its superiorityWomen "who have been cured sajIt Is "worth its weight in gold." Adruggists. 50c large box, or by mail 'The Paxtoa Toilet Co., Boston, MascBoth Phones 1 40SLim75cRoundTripMUSICRECREATIONonly on Specs! Train leaving at 19.50 amCrescent Route, for further Information. If KXJRI0N POULTRY Cliffdown a chick's throat cure?gapes, A few drops in thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50ctoottle makes 12 gallons ofmeafcine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of EVwJs" sent FREE.For Sale ay W. T. BrooksPILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTME?Will cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching PitIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 31WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland,L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Pan"- Ky.CANCER CUREDI guarantee every cate 1 urv Jdertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH, $Paris, Ky.Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Nest to Bourbon Bank) J3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pal;ronage Solicited.Brofessional CardsJ. S. Wallingford, H. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,'Phones 31 PARIS, XY.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j 06.Residence' jfimei.DR. A. HLBLLKK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk?s Bid gPuris - - - KontnckJJ J. WFLIilAMS,m ATTORNEY-AT-XW.goom 1 Mlki fituldiaS,&. -141!'V J!,;,- ', (-a- ouuxvDUil RtWO,' rAfia,fVC.niU!UJkX, AUWJk ISJ. Il4- ,-,,-r96ec990CccfcftcftecreeccYou'll find it on the top of eachgenuineCORTRIGHTMetal ShingleIt is put there to protect you as wellas us from the imitator. Roofs coveredwith these shingles 27 years ago aregood today, and have never needed repairs. That's why they're imitated.Therefore, look for this stamp.2 For Sale byEEST & HAWKINS, M.illersbprg, Kentucky.i ii mi V TilT? ii alfJOHNSON N. CAMDEN ACCEPTS 1APPOINTMENT TO 0. S. SENATETENDERED BY GOV. MCCREARYNew Member Has Long Been Identified With Development and Progress of Kentucky and Aspires ToPrimary indorsement For the Short Term.STAPLE C& FANCYGROCERIES!ALSOAll the VegetablesOf the SeasonOUR LINE OFCanned GoodsCannot Be ExcelledIN. A. MOORE.Sauer's Old StanditwcTXE jgygjfuaMaItKCJ ViMMMWiMhJMiaiifi Ti mfJLWMKOWSAVE MONEYWHEN YOUPAINT YOUR HOUSEIt costs no more to apply HighStandard' 'quality paint and it givesmore beautiful effects and wearslonger. Thus you will get bestresults -and save money by usingothersalft'amiThis is a ready-to-use paint of highest quality. It has great spreading andprotecting power, and the colors arevery durable. It comes in a large number of tints and shades, making possibleany color scheme.Come in for color cards, and let uihelp solve your painting problems.Chas. E. Butler & Co.Oft. Court Heise.FOUND.A bunch of keys. Owner can havesame by proving property and paying cost of this notice. Call at Bourbon News office.FOUND.On the streets of Paris, a pocketbook containing a sum of money.Owner can obtain same by provingproperty and paying advertising,cll 3. I T SERNEST MARTIN.NOTICE.See the Cake Walk !UOli f. fail - ana litt iVll-faeTiirm oilSouthern Cake Walk at the Bourbonounty Fair Grounds 'by the BourbonBI'k Blitzens on "Friday, June 26th.coTV?ite ladies and gentlemen aretfn Iy invited, arid a special sec-W wUl. be reserved -for them. Wefie positive guarantee of good ordertSHF Chief of police red Link- .-OURBON BliACK BLITZENS.Owners of stock are hereby warnedagainst allowing their cattle andhorses to run at large in the City ofParis. There is a law against permitting stock to run at large, and violators will be arrested and prosecuted.FRED LINK,NOTICE.Operators and owners of motorcycles and automobiles are warnedagainst using their machines withinthe limits of the City of Paris without having them equipped with propermufflers.There is an ordinance against machines making the unnecessary noisesso common on our streets, and offenders will be arrested and vigorouslyprosecuted.Owners of motor cycles and automobiles are aiso warned against drivingor riding their machines withouthaving thejr machines properly equipped with lights, as re.quired by law.W. F. LINK,(16-4t) Chief of Police.Auto 6ns Line!NOW IN OPERATION.MEETS ALL TRAINS AND WILANSWER CALLS AT ALL TIMES.PHONES, 864..25 CENTS TO ANY PART OF THECITY.J. SGINNLiccriscdCGha'uffeu'-j Frankfort, Ky June 16. In response tojthe formal notification sent by GovernorjMcCreary to Johnson N. Camden, of(Versailles, of the appointment of the latIter to the United States Senate to fill the(vacancy created by the death of the late(Senator William O. Bradley, His Excellency to-day received the following letter of acceptance from Senator Camden:"Versailles, Ky., June 16, 1914."His Excellency, Governor James B.McCreary, Frankfort, Ky. My Dear Governor McCreary: With great gratification,and with the fullest appreciation of thehigh honor bestowed upon me, I acceptyour appointment as United States Senator. '"May I say that, however unworthy Iam to wear the mantle of the great statesmen who have so often represented Kentucky in the United States Senate, I amsensible that in two qualifications I mayat least link my name with theirs in lovefor m.- state and in the desire to serveher well."Short as my term of office will be, Ishall seek, as best I can, to discharge itsduties with absolute fairness toward alland with the high spirit and broad aimswhich the large and vital questions nowbefore the country demand, with the principles of the Democratic party as out-!lined In the Baltimore platform as myguide."Tour Excellency knows how deeply Iam and have been concerned in our agricultural and educational welfare, and itpleases me to think that in my appointment you may have Intended an especialrecognition oT these, the corner stones ofthe progress of any state or nation."Having decided to accept your appointment. I feel a natural desire that youraction should be Indorsed by the people.I have, Therefore, decided to enter theAugust primary and to ask the people toI set their seal of approval upon my appointment by nominating and electing mefor the remainder of the term, from November until next March."With renewed expressions of profoundthanks and appreciation. I am. dear sir.Very sincerely yours. J. N. Camden."Long Identified With Kentucky.j Senator 'Johnson Newlon Camden hasfor nearly a quarter of a century beenIdentified with the agricultural, educational, Industrial and political life of Kentucky, and Is to-day one of the state'smost potent men of affairs.Senator Camden was born at Parkersburg, W. Va., January 5. 1865, the son ofJohnson Newlon and Anne (Thompson)Camden. On the paternal side he Is ofEnglish and on the maternal side ofScotch-Irish and Dutch ancestry.His father was United States Senatorfrom West Virginia from 1881 to 1887 andfrom 1S03 to 1895. and was a powerfulfactor in the political life and Industrialdevelopment of West Virginia. He hadlarge holdings in coal and oil properties,and was identified with many enterprisesin connection therewith.Upon his graduation from Phillips Andover Academy and the Virginia MilitaryInstitute the subject of this sketch attended Columbia University and afterward entered upon his active career asTreasurer and Paymaster of the OhioRiver Railroad, a line which had beenbuilt by his father. He resigned this position to become President and Treasurerof the construction company engaged inbuilding the Monongahela River Railroad,from Fairmont to Clarksburg, W. Vaand continued so occupied until the completion of the line.Marries Kentucky Belle.It was while thus engaged that he cameto Kentucky and married, in 1SS8, a fairdaughter of the Blue Grass, Miss SusannaPreston Hart, whose father was. Mr. William PrePton Hart, the founder of thefamous Spring Hill Farm, near Versailles,in. Woodford County.After a couple of years' residence inParkersburg, W. Va., Mr. and Mrs. Camden decided to make their home at SpringHill Farm, and in 1890 they returned tothis garden spot in the Blue Grass, whichnow embraces 1,600 acres, upon whichSenator Camden has. by producing thebest of tobacco, hemp, wheat, corn. oats,clover, timothy, alfalfa and some of thefleetest of this country's thoroughbredrunning horses, fine cattle and sheep,demonstrated that he is by instinct, inclination and choice a practical farmerwho is well versed in the science offarming and a live-stock breeder who hasa superior knowledge of blood lines andmatingSenator Camden is a member of theKentucky Branch of the Farmers' Union,and is President of the Farmers' UnionMill, the only co-operative mill in thestate. He is the pioneer alfalfa growerin Kentucky, and has been long inter-'EinilllismBsiWlimissWllBBmil iifiiii&if ' '. vnsHiilllll llIlBM'Ai -''' " "' SaHilitlHmililJ?slL , ' "' ' ''lsBBBBBamhmmhhiimmmhhJIJOHNSON" N. CAMDEN.ested in experimental work as fosteredby the Kentucky Experiment Station atKentucky State 'University, of which he'is one of the Trustees. His distinction asa breeder of thoroughbred horses andthe interest he displayed for the Improvement of the breed caused his appointmentto membership on the State Racing Commission by Governor A. E. Willson andhis reappointment by Governor James B.McCreary and his election by his fellowCommissioners as Chairman of the Board.As a breeder of Jersey cattle SenatorCamden has achieved much success. Hohas at Spring Hill farm a herd of about100 purely bred Jerseys, principally Islandstock, and he conducts a practical, payingdairy.Interested in Education.Senator Camden has ever displayed anearnest interest in education, and at therecent session he was chosen Vice Presi-;dent of the Southern Educational Con-!ference. to succeed Hon. Walter Page,who is now Ambassador to the court of'St. James. His now famous barbecue tothe farmeis of Kentucky at his great farm,last summer was planned as an educa-;tiona! event for the tillers of the soil, and'it was voted by all who attended andthey numbered into the thousands thomost wonderful achievement of its kind;yet undertaken by any Individual in Ken-'tucky.After the death of his father SenatorCamden took up the management of vast,mining and industrial affairs, and has'demonstrated that he possesses Inherentbusiness instinct. He associated himselfwith the late John C. C. Mayo, and withformer Senator C. W. Watson, and formulated plans for the wonderful development that is progressing in Eastern Kentucky. ;Senator Camden became actively interested in politics in 1911, serving on theExecutive and Financial State DemocraticCommittees, the accomplishment being asweeping Democratic victory and the election of the present state administration.The foUowing year he was Chairman ofthe Presidential Campaign Commutes,with a like' Democratic victory.Senator and Mrs. Camden Jhave twodaughters Misses Tevis and Anne, thalatter of whom is at School at MargaretCollege; Versailles, and the former a veryI accomplished young woman.TKentuckian Escapes OperationBy Using Mayr Stomach Remedy.Mr.Burnett Says Wonderful Treatment Saved His Life WithFew Doses.Horace Burnett, of Somerset, Ky.,was a sufferer from stomach disordersfor a long time. His condition became highly serious and he feared anoperation.He took Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy and eot swift results.In a letter telling his experience hewrote:"Your treatment has certainly helped me wonderfully. I took my fifthdose last night and it brought good results. I have one more dose to takeand I think I will be well. Your tonicis wonderful. I can eat anything nowthat I want to. I can never eetthrough thanking you for your medicine, for I, know it saved my life, forI have tried all the doctors and theysaid I would have to be operated on."Such letters come from all parts off -thecountry. This remedy is known,everywhere for its remarkagle results. Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedyclears the digestive tract of mucoidaccertions and poisonous matter. Itbrings swift relief to sufferers from,ailments of the stomachr liver andUbowels. Many declare il has savedS .their lives.Because of the remarkable successof this remedy there are many imita.-?tors, so be cautious. Be sure it'sMAYR'S. Go to G. S. Varden & Son, 'drug store and ask about the wonderful results it has accomplished incases they know about or send toGeo. H. Mayr, Mfg. Chemist, 1G4156 Whiting St., Chicago, 111., for free,book on stomach ailments' and manygrateful letters from people who havebeen restored. Any druggist can tellyou its wonderful results.(adv-frid's-No. 11)$ Pans Odorless Cleaning Co. t.Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clotheshome,and will wonder why you have not" tried usbef ore. :tJS3SensAH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedto your satisfaction. v--We Call For and Deliver Work.;r ?irn --.v i7 Hi Ti, At cKJO.L1 up . x. luuuc iV.-J&iMt R3CCTParis Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.IWhite Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 2ocJjSafe! InvestmentTwinBros--R. J. NEELYWAREHOUSEStables and Coal YardFor Rent!Gives advice to ail the people, of Parisand'Bourbon County to invest their monev,,inClothing, Shoes,Hats, Caps,Underwear, Etc.They will give you one hundred cents on.the dollar on your merchandise investment.Call in and see them.L. WQLLSTEIN, Prop. ..fJmiJmmJmIiEXCURSIONWEDNESDAY, JULY 1, 1914VIA"CAROLINA SPECIAL"TO"Land of the Sky" and "Sapphire Cou ntry'MOUNTAINS OF WESTERNNORTH CAROLINArHighwaymen, at Youngstown, O.,stole Excel Banett's clothing everystitch and Excel waited five haurs inthe river for the first kind soul whofurnished a barrel.Flesh-colored hosiery, gashed skirts,sleeveless blouses and wide-cut armholes and bloomers of vivid hues arenew styles in 1914 bathing costumesfor ,irls.Round Trip Fares from Lexington, Ky.ASHVILLE, N. CWAYNESVILLE, N. CHENDERSONVILLE, N. CLAKE TOKAWAY, N. C...... 10.00. 1.030a ,For over 30 years this has been asuccessful business .'stand in the FarmImplement,. Seeds and Coal Business.Possession on or about July 1., ' ', W. W. M ITCH ELLr Agt,FOR RENT.VARIABLE ROUTE FARESOpportunity of going or returning via Chattanooga historicLookout .Mountain enroute to or from final destiantion, $1.50, additional. Return' Limit July 16, 1914.STOP-OVERS.Stop-overs will be permitted within final return limit of ticketat Knoxville, Tenn., and points east thereof.Stop-overs will "be permitted at hCattnooga, Tenn., on ticketsrouted via that point.Tickets good on. "California Special"leaving Lexington 9:45 p. m., also onall other regular trains July 1.-Storeroom on Main street known asthe Weatherall property.. Possessionto be given at once. Also 3 rooms, upstairs. Will rent as a whole or separately. '"-.'-, (15-tf) CHAS.' PEDDICOIIdC(C. N. O. & T. P. RY.) ,andSOUTHERN RAILWAYFull information, booklets and sleeping car reservations o anpplicatioh.IApply to nearest Ticket Agent or H.C. King, Passenger and Ticket'Agent, 101 E. Main Streetj Phone 49,Lexington, Ky.W. A. BECKER, General Pasttnfer Agnt.ifif-ifl'tM''tfhl-M-V't'ltt 11 U ft i 1 1 MM U''t ,tt'V.t.(.- -;o"-'zS-1.f rrTHE BQURBpN JJEWSPARIS, KY.,. JUNE, IS 1914BAKING POWDERABSOLUTELY PURE ,Insures the mostdelicious and healthful foodBy the use of Royal Baking Powder agreat many more articles of food may bereadily made at home, all healthful, delicious, and economical, adding . muchvariety and attractiveness to the menu.The f ' Royal Baker and Pastry Cook,"containing five hundred practicalreceipts for all kinds o bakingand cookery, free. Address RoyalBaking Powder Co., New York.MATRlilt.BOURBON COUNCIL WILLHOLD MEMORIAL SERVICESANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce Hon.C. M. Thomas as a candidate, for theDemocratic nomination for Congressman at the August primary, to he-held in this county on Saturday,August 1, 1914.CHILD LABOR LAW ISNOW IN EFFECT.ALL KINDS OF WEATHER, PREDICTED FOR JUNE 21-25.1W. W. Marsh, Cincinnati's famous"weather prophet has issued a warningto the people of the Ohio Valley thatsevere storms will prevail in theUnited States between June 21 and25. Cyclones, tornadoes, hail andevery other kind of destructive weatherer and floods are also predicted.Marsh says that Cincinnati and vicinity will get the worst of these storms, jAna Marsn nas nearly always proveda Tellable prophet. Parisians still remember the destructive storm of lastJune, which Marsh forecasted accurately.PANAMA HATS.$7.50 andPanama Hats at ?3.75.HARRY SIMON..VACANT BUILDING LOTBRINGS RECORD PRICE.Miss Imogene Redmon sold to Mr.Richard H. Wills, for $2,000 cash, avacant building lot on the corner ofCypress anti" Fourteenth streets, fronting sixty-five feet on Cypress.A few years ago the lot sold for asmall figure. The purchaser will improve his purchase by the erection ofa modern residence.SELLING CHEAP.If you think we are not going tosell things cheap until July 1, justcome in and price what you want.BUTLER'S,Opp. Court House.W. O. DAVIS APPOINTEDSENATOR CAMDEN'S SECRETARY.W. O. Davis, of Versallies, a lawyerand chairman of the Woodford Counly Democratic Committee, will go toWashington with Senator Johnson N.Camden as his official secretary. Mr.Davis was Senator Camden's campaign secretary and treasurer in thePresidential campaign in which theSenator carried the State so splendidly for Wilson.The child labor law, as passed bythe last Legislature is now in effect."Some of the special changes towhich public attention is called isthat every child between the ages offourteen and sixteen years must havea permit to work, even to the sellingof papers. Evejry newsboty" holdingthis permit will be given a badge,which he is expected to wear as ademonstration of his authority.Another change is that no child between the4 ages of fourteen and sixteen years' shall be permitted to workmore than eight hours a day. Theformer provision was ten hours.No child under fourteen is allowedto work at all.Another radical change is in thenight messenger service. No boy under twenty-one years of age may nowdeliver messages after 8 p. m. Theage limit for night messenger servicewas formerly sixteen years.In bringing about-improved conditions by the enforcement of theselaws the hearty co-operation of theemployer and employe will be sought.In order to facilitate the speedy adjustment to the existing laws regarding child labor, the following advisorycommittee has been appointed:Mr. Harry M. Leslie, State LaborInspector; Miss Madge Nave, Assistant Inspector; Mrs.R. P. Halleck,President Kentucky Child Labor Association; Mrs. Harry Bishop, Mrs.Morris B. Belknap, Mr. Alex Barrettand Mr. Houston Quinn.It is -understood that in certaincases it will require some time forthe employer to adjust his forces tomeet the requirements of the newchild labor law. The State Labor Inspector, Mr. Leslie, has stated -that itwould be policy of the State Department of Labor to work with the employer and in hearty co-operationwith all persons interested in the children of Kentucky.The Advisory Board will co-operatewith the labor inspectors in manyways which require investigation, explanation and counsel.CARD OF THANKS.We take this method of expessingour thanks to our friends and neighbors for their deeds of loving kindness and expressions of sympathyduring the the recent illness anddeath of our loved ones.MRS. ZAIDEE HUGHES.C. L. HUGHES.! W IHP'Jlir""!:rHK1 ' WWfc ' fl IO K7:'$,'MmWPRUDENT MAN'"ALWAYS SEES HISWBANK BALANCE CROWThe man who has never had a bank account has onegreat pleasure in life yet left to him STARTING one.-Banking money and seeing the balance GROW biggertnd bigger month by month is a continuous joy.As his bank balance GRQWS a man takes moreinterest in his work or his business and earns more andSains self-respect and the GQNFIDENGE of his firm and ofJiimself." Make GUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.CtItl, $100,000.00. Surplus, $40,000.00.U. M. HA.Ll, Presidentc. K. Thomas. CashierBOWEN MILAM.Grosvenor Bowen, known as"Gov." Bowen, "the Kentucky Whirlwind," in the minstrel world, wasmarried in Winchester, Wednesdayafternoon, his bride being Miss Christine Milam, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.W. W. Milam. Dr. C. C. Carroll performed the ceremony. Mr. and Mrs.Bowen left in an auto for Lexingtonaccompanied by Mrs. Frank Muntzerand Miss Susan Buckner, and fromthere will take a trip to Baltimore,Niagara Falls and otherpoints.Mr. Bowen last year was with Coburn's Minstrels and has been connected with the Primrose & Fields'minstrel troups. He is a son of Mr.and Mrs. S. E. Bowen, of Winchester,and is as well known in Paris as inhis home town.FARRIS POER.At the residence of the officiatingminister, Eld. W. E. Ellis, on TwelfthStreet, at three o'clock Wednesday afternoon, Miss Bettie Farris becameMrs. Charles Poer, and the bridegroom, although Poer, became muchricher when his bride became Poer.The ceremony was performed in amost impressive manner in the presence of the immediate relatives and afew nitimate friends.Miss Poer was the daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Jos. A. Farris, of Paris, andis a young woman of many accomplishments and whose graces of character have made her popular in alarge circle of friends here and else-,whre.The gromm, Mr. Charles Poer, is ason of Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Poer, ofElkin, Ky., and an engineer on thisdivision of the Louisville & NashvilleRailroad, being at the same time oneof the youngest and most capableknights of throttle on the division.Immediately after the wedding theyoung people left for Cincinnati, andfrom there they will go to NiagaraFalls and other points of interest inthe East. After a trip of about threeweek, Mr. Poer and his bride will return to Paris, where they will go tohousekeeping.Bourbon Council, Junior Order ofAmerican Mechanics, of Paris, willhold their memorial services at Pariscemetery Sunday afternoon at threeo'clock. Rev. J. S. Dougherty, of Lexington, will deliver an address, andall members of Henry Clay Council,and Lexington, and. all other Juniororders are earnestly requested to attend. The Bourbon Council has abouttwo hundred members and a largeturnout is expected. Councilor JohnReese and Treasurer George W- Bryant are among the officers of HenryClay Council No. 53, of Lexington,who will take part.The members of Bourbon Councilwill meet at the K. of P. Hall at 2:30p. m., and will march to the cemetery,headed by the Paris High SchoolBand.-. .N ,.PARIS INSURANCE AGENTS .GET BUSY ONCE MORE.Local insurance men are againwriting policies as fast ast hey canget them, most of them having received telegrams from the companies-they represent, informing them thatall difficulties have been settled, andto resume' at once. The local menare well pleased with the news, andmany citizens whose property hasbeen unprotected have been busy renewing policies.Some of the agents who representseveral companies had not heard fromall of them, but the others were expected to send word soon that theywere again open for business.EVERYTHING A BARGAINSTOCK AND FARM NOTES.Brown, Lawson & Co., of Garrard,bought in Lincoln County over 100hogs, for the most of which they paid8c. One lot of 18 weighed 300 poundssold for as low as $c.Farmers throughout the Burleybelt are jubilant over the prospectsfor a good tobacco crop since therains. The setting out of plants wasgreatly delayed by the drouth.In Kansas City, one of the largest markets in this country, 30,000mules were sold last year at an average price of $80. A team of showmules brought $1,00 and a sucklingcolt sold for$250.From all reports from men likeCohen, Harbison, Doty and otherssay, another great horse in coming ffrto the limelight Kentucky's Ideal,by Bourbon King. He is said to be awonder and the greatest 2-year-old inthis State for years.Having been away from my storenearly five weeks, I am going to makeup some loss of time by increasingsales for the next two weeks or until July 1st. Everything will be soldat greatly reduced prices and if youwant anything in my store just comein and see how low it will be priced.This includes Cut Glas, Hand-paintedChina, Dining Sets, Soaps, Perfumes,Toilet Articles, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, etc.CHAS. E. BUTLER,Opp. Court House, Paris, Ky.POISONING CASES STILLSHROUDED IN MYSTERY.There have been no new developments that would lead to the solving pf the mystery surrounding thedeaths of the Hughes children in thisoitv some weeks aeo. The analysisiof the water supposed to have beenpoisoneu, snoweu no irautss ui puisuuing. An analysis of the stomach ofLlewellyn Hughes, one of the victims,was unable to show evidences of poisoning. The theory of ptomaine poisoning, caused by eating canned salmon, is still adhered to.NOTICE TO STOCKMEN.List your stock in M. J. Murphy'smonthly combination sales. Plenty ofbuyers always on hand. We can sellyour horses, mules, ponies, cows, cattle, hogs, sheep and poultry at goodprices. Next sale will be held on Monday, July 6, county court day.(21ap-tf)SEVENTEEN-YEAR LOCUSTDUE HERE THIS YEAR.The 17-year locust, last seen in1879, is due to re-appear this year, according to a late bulletin sent out bythe State Agricultural ExperimentStation at Lexington, warning farmers and fruit growers. The 17-yearlocust is harmful, because in thewarm state it lives by sucking sap outof the roots of trees and shrubberyand when the eggs are laid, trees andplants on which they are depositeddie. The locust is the longest livedinsect known to. scientists. Seventeen years ago the eggs from whichthis year's crop of locust will behatched were laid on trees and shrubbery. The eggs, after three weeks'developed into worms, which droppedfrom the trees and burrowed into theground where they have lived since1897 preying on the roots of trees.Early in July the worms are expectedto re-appear and will develop into thelocust.INDETERMINATE SENTENCEACT TO BE TESTED.Suits to test the constitutionalityof the indetreminate sentence act aspassed by last Legislature, which became a law Tuesday, were filed byJudge James H. Polsgrove, of Frankfort, for Clarence Gray, of Bell County, and W. P. Rogers, of Clinton County. Gray is serving a life sentencefor murder. He contends that thenew indeterminate sentence law is inviolation of the fifty-ninth section ofthe State constitution and FourteenthAmendment of the Federal Constitution. Rogers asks for good time under the old and new law.FOR PRESERVING.Chelries and Raspberries for preserving. ,(It) C. P. COOK & CO.LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE WILLDOUBLE HEAD FREIGTH TRAINSIt is rumored here that the Louisville and Nashville railroad is shortlyto double head its freight trains fromCincinnati, which will be the cause ofremoving a number of train crewsfrom Paris to Lexington, and causethe removal of about twenty-five families from this city. This wouldcause a considerable loss of revenueto Paris merchants. It is hoped thatit is merely a rumor, as the move ifput into action, would mean a veryserious loss to the business interestsof this city.WE ARE HEADQUARTERS.We are headquarters for the bestParis Green Bug Brand.BUTLER'S DRUG STORE,Opp. Court House.PARIS FIRM MAKES BIGPURCHASE OF BLUEGRASS SEED.The Winchester Democrat says:"Tom Brock will finish gathering his1914 crop of bluegrass seed to-day andwill have about 10,000 bushels. Mr.Brock has contracted for the sate ofthe entire crop to. Mr. Ford Brent, ofParis, at 50 cents per bushel, whichwill net about ?5,000.' This is forlater delivery. The dealers are onlyoffering 30 cents at best, for the cropat the strippers, and it is likely thatthe bulk of it will be retained by thegrowers and cured and delivered'sometime in August. Mr. WarwickGay will finish this week gatheringabout 9,000."A PANAMA FOR EVERY MAN.All the new style Jdeas, as well asthe conservative shapes. $5 to $10.J. W. DAVIS & CO.FEAST OF BARGAINS.Have you been to .the feast of bargains at Lambert's Closing Out Sale?(16-2t) , 'i iiCOOKIwithGAS!PARIS GAS atELECTRIC CO.' Incorporated.nsMffot:ztiIdfjih I kFormerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, KentuckyVAC A TIONDRESSES.Just the thing to take withyou on your1 Summer Outing. A choice lot to close outAt SweepinReductions...Beatiful lot of Coats, just thething to wear with Summer1Dresses, greatly" reduced taclose out stock.4OWolf, Wile 6c Co. Iformerly Jffaufmanj Straus dt Co,exington,.HUNTERS BEWARE!. DON'TSHOOT WILD FOWLS!It will be worth while for huntersall over the country to jrememberthat a Federal law is now in forcewhich makes illegal the spring shooting of migratory or interstate wildfowls. Any man who kill these birdsunder the terms of the hunter's license issued to him by the authoritiesof his own State does so at his ownrisk. United -States Marshals and theState and County Game Wardens donot care a rap whether or not theoffender is a cousin, uncle or nephewof folks standing high in the community, and the sooner the law is respected and observed the better itwill be for all concerned."BAD LOANS" CLOSE ANASHLAND BANK.BELOW COSTThe Lambert Co., (Inc.) are sellingout to quit business, exerything belowcost. All must go in 30 days. 16-2tThe Citizens' Bank and Trust Company, of Ashland, closed its doorsWednesday afternoon at the order ofthe directors, after the institution hadbeen examined by J. B. Chenaul,State Bank Examiner. The Presidentof the bank is Thomas Bogges. Itscashier is J. S. Head, Jr. The bankhas a capital of $200,000, a surplus of$500,000. Bad loans is said to be thecause of the trouble.The cashier, Mr. J. S. Head, Jr., is abrother-in-law of Mrs. E. M. Dickson,of Paris, and is well known here.PORCH SHADESWe sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.A. P. WHEELER & CO.(5-tf)Mf Tinn't, WorrvYourself During theiiHot Weather!But Come in and We Will Suggesta'.Quick and Easy Meal for You.,fSliced Ham,Minced Ham,Dried Beef,Bologna,Imported Swiss Cheese,. C, Brick Cheese,Pimento Cheese,. ;" Snappy Cheese,IM. Y. Cream CheeseCanned Meats of All Kinds.Stone's famous Silver Slice Cakes.IT.CLENfflAN.Cash Grocerv. K wCash Grocery.Both Phones 234m.Vriiiiiii j.V rKK Ai -,jk$ rTHE .BO.qRBpN. NEWS,: PARIS,.: KENTUCRYJUNR 19 1914I t V !;W&MMArS&HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADETobacco insuranceagainst hail. SeeRoxie Davis. 26tfEEFORE THE GAME.Come in and slip into one of the"Davis Twenty Blue Serge Suits.V J. W. DAVIS & CO.BIBLE SCHOOL WILLGIVE ICE CREAM SUPPER.The ladies of the Escondida BibleSchool will givs an ice cream supperto-night. Admission 15 cents. Everyone is cordially mvitea to aueuu.WASH GOODS.Wash Goods atprices, at Simon's.greatly reducedCLOSING OUT BARGAINS.Gold Flower meat Platters andBowls, regular 10c straight, 4 for 25c,at Lambert's. (16-2t)INSURANCE QUESTION SETTLED.W. 0. Hinton has been wired authority from his companies to resumewriting insurance. He representsonly old reliable million dollar companies.INJURED BYFALL FROM CAR.BRAKESMANWhile climbing to the top of a boxcar in the south yards, R. B. Sams,an L & N. brakeman, missed hishold and fell to the ground, sustaining a sprained wrist and other injuries. He was removed to his homein Thornton Division.LOW CUTS AT LOW PRICES.3.50 and 4.00 Low Cuts at 98cSizes 2Yz fto 4, at Simon'sDON'T WAIT FOR THE HAIL.now with W.(It)Insure your, tobaccoO. Hinton.SOCIAL 10 PERSONALMiss Myra Jacoby is a guest ofMrs. Thos. Holliday, in Winchester.Miss Nancy Smoot is visiting thefamily of Chas. Williams, in Carlisle.Miss Lula Christman has return-Jed from a visit to friends in Richmond. Mrs. Walter Martin is at the Massie Memorial Hospital, under treatment.Miss Sena Rion has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Peevie Peeback,in Carlisle.Mrs. Helen Forsyth is visiting hersister, Mrs. Lucy Black, in Greencastle, Ind.Mrs. Sallie Feeback is visitingher daughters, who are residents ofAtlanta, Ga.Mr. L. Grinnan has returned froma visit to his brother, Mr. Dan Grin-nan, in Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. James Stone Helm,of Lexington, are visiting Mrs. T. H.Tarr, near Paris.Miss Elizabeth Steele has asguests Misses Eloise and Cicily Bomar, of Verstilles.Mrs: Duncan Bell lias returnedfrom a visit to her nieces, the MissesRenick, in Winchester.Miss Charlina Ball is reported asbeing greatly improved from an attack of typhiod fever. ,Mrs. Ella Norvell and daughter,Miss Lucy, of Carlisle, are visitingMrs. John Steele, near Paris.Miss Lavina Reynolds is at homeafter concluding a visit to Miss Adeline Wiseman in Danville.Mrs. Thomas Allen and littledaughter are at home after a visit toMrs. F. S. Ashbrook, in Cynthiana.Prof. Robert Hinton, of Georgetown College, is a guest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Hinton.W. I. and E. O. Dorsey, Mrs. Pickett Scott and Miss Maybell Scott wereguests of friends in Paris, Monday.Miss Margaret Ardery is hostessto Miss Margaret Day, of Winchester,and Misses Finnell, of Georgetown.Mr. and Mrs. Harris Hancock, ofCincinnati, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.Arthur Hancock, on Duncan Avenue.Mrs. Lou Rogers has returned toGeorgetown after a visit to her daughter, Mrs. Roy Clendenin, on CypressStreet.Mrs. Rosa Flanders and daughter,Miss- Mayme Flanders, and Mrs. Wm.Jiff fr Taua 11. - T" J m ir. .iTiioa uuiuuiy flora, or Danvme, isa guest of Miss Edith Wright.Mr. Joe K. Redmon, of Latonia,was a visitor in Paris yesterday.Miss Ewing, Covington; Chas. Hollen-oeck and Blan Wells, Shelbyville.Mrs. M. H. Hamilton has returned from a visit to relatives in Yorkville, Ind.Miss Hallie Hunter, of Winchester, 'is the guest of her cousin, MissMabel TempUn.The official schedules of games tobe played at home and abroad by theParis team of the Ohio State Leaguecan be obtained by calling at theNews office. The schedule is conveniently arranged in vest-pocket style.ONLY 98 CENTS.?1.50 White Wash Skirts at 98 cts.at Simon's.PORCH SHADES.We sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.(5-tf)A. F. WHEELER CO.PARIS DENTISTS WILL TAKEFRIDAY HALF HOLIDAY.Beginning next Friday, June 2G, thedentists of Paris by mutual agreement, will take a half holiday eachFriday until further notice. In orderto take care of anyone suffering fromdental troubles, one office will be openeach Friday afternoon, the dentiststaking turn about in attending.SKIRTS CHEAP.7,50 Crepe Skirts at $9.89, at HarrySimon's.HAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco against hailwith W. O. Hinton, who representsthe National Union, one of the hrstand largest writers of hail insurance.CHAS- SPUBRRCHATSE& WAREHOUSES.An important deal in Paris real estate was concluded Tuesday when N.Ford Brent purchased for Charles &.Brent & Bro., from the Kentucky Distillers & Warehouse Company, the letter's distillery plant in East Paris,comprising the distillery building andsix large brick warehouses, formerlused for the storage of whisky. Several acres of ground are included inthe transfer and the price paid was12 500 These warehouses togetherwith others 'already owned by them,will give this enterprising firm amplestorage capacity for their large andconstantly increasing business.THINK OF IT LADIESI$15.00 Black Moire Skirts, at $9.98,at Simon's.PORCH SWINGS.Have you a porch swing? If not,call in and look at our line. Beautiesa24tteaP LAVIN & CONNELL.GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANYTESTING STREET MAINS.The Paris Gas & Electric Co., hashad a force of men at work on Mainstreet for-several days, testing the bigstreet mains for leaks. This is a precautionary measure, as any leaks inthe mains would necessitate tearingup thes treet. which would have to bedone before June 22. Under the ordinance recently passed by the CityCouncil all repairs and connectionsmust be made before next Monday,The present street mains have beenput in about eleven years. Up-to datetha workmen have discovered only asmall leak, the mains seemingly beingin good condition.GOING AT LOW PRICES.Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Brushes, atlow prices until July-1, 1914.JSUTLiJlilvS,i-'Vikr 3?id?- .Onn. Court House.dacp rail SCHEDULESunwi- .-..., nrriC I r- ; i u r. .. i - .AT B0UR3ON Ntwa urnv& rams, are guests oi inenas near Mt.sterling.Mrs. Harry Simon, who was operated on at the Jewish Hospital, inCincinnati, a month ago, is now ableto sit up.Dr. C. J. Clarke, Dr. Oberdorferand Miss Rosa Oberdorfer attendedthe Druggists Convention in Lexington this week.Mrs. Goe. W. Wyatt and daughter, Miss Mary Belle Wyatt, are visiting relatives in Kansas City andMarshall, Mo.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Blount havereturned from their bridal tour andhave taken rooms with Mrs. G. N. McKenney, on Pleasant Street.Rev. and Mrs. W. F. Brown areentertaining their daughter, Mrs. M.C. Quillian, of Macon, Ga., at theirhome on South Main Street.Misses Nellie Lou Robards andAnnie Keith Allen, who have beenguests of Miss Anne Eads Peed, havereturned to their Homes in ' Harrodsburg, Miss Helen Desha attended thewedding of Miss Cleo Gillis, of Lex-!ington and Rev. Bryan Hester, or Oklahoma, in Lexington, Tuesday afternoon. Mrs. Sallie Pullen, Mrs. J. D. Burnaugh, Mrs. Lucy Sprake and Mrs.William Myall attended the TenthDistrict Convention of the W. C. T.JJ. in Georgetown, Tuesday.Miss Frances Clay entertained atcards at her home on the Winchesterpike yesterday afternoon in honor of JMisses Reba and Carolyn Jordan,guests of Mrs. .W. G. McClintock.Miss Frances Clay entertained atcards at her home on the Winchesterpike yesterday afternoon, in honor ofMrs. W. G. McClintock's guests,Misses Reba and Carolyn Jordan, ofHawkinsville, Ga.Mrs. O. L. Brock, of Paris, whohas been seriously ill with typhoidfever at St. Joseph Hospital, in Lexington, is reported as improvingslowly. Mr. Brock is manager of theParis Loan and Trust Co.Rev J. S. Sims, Miss ElizabethMann and Mr. S. T. Chipley attendedthe Conference of the Frankfort District of the Methodist Church in session at Corrolton, this week, as delegates from the Paris MethodistChurch.The Mammoth Cave excursionwhich left Paris, Monday, had asguests from Paris and vicinity Mrs.W. G. MdClintock and daughter, MissValette, and guests, Misses Reba andCarolyn Jordan, of Hawkinsville, Ga.,and Miss Elizabeth Yerkes.Dr. and Mrs. T. H. Nelson andson, of Covington, and Miss MargaretCook, of Cynthiana, who have beenhouse guests of Mr. and Mrs. E. C.Cleveland, near Paris, and Mr. andMrs. Newton Bishop, near Centerville,have returned to their homes.The names of the followingguests at the Bourbon Dancing Club'sgerman at Elks' Hall, Monday nightwere unintentionally overlooked bythe society editor,, -who was doubtlessembarrassed in he presence of somuch beauty and gallantry:Chaperones, Mr. and Mss. SidneyG. Clay, Mr. and Mrs.' Chas. Fithian,Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champ, Mrs. F.M. Clay, Mrs. Kate Wilson, Mrs. JohnI. Bronston, (Florida); Mrs. MollieJames, Mrs. W. G. McClintock, Mrs.McShane.Wood McAllister, Bradley Portwood, G. B. Higgins, E. H. Darnaby,W. E. Moore, Marshall Dale, Thos.Walker, Jr., William Ashurst, J: Q.Bosworth, Jr., Lexington; ThomasGreen, Seth Botts, Floyd Clay, Mt.Sterling; J. E. Cantrill, W. P. Coffman, Will W. Ward, J. W. Hall,Georgetown; John Herndon, Owenton; J. Ed. Body, William StatenVersailies; uVliss Frances McLane and-Mrs. Robert Adkins, of Lexington, was the guest of Mrs. EdwardFaulconer, Tuesday. vMr. Lee Beall, who has been confined to his home for several weeks,is able to be out.Judge Jas. H. Polsgrove, CountyJudge of Franklin County, was a visitor here yesterday.Miss Lucile Sprake has returnedto Louisville, after a visit with her'mother, Mrs. Lucy Sprake.Prof. E. Amende, of Montgomery,Ala., who has been visiting in Cynthiana, has returned to Paris, as theguest of B. A. and Robt. Frank, andfamilies.Rev and Mrs. E. T. Edmonds, ofJackson, Miss., are visiting Mr. andMrs. Carl Long, near Paris. Theycame to Cynthiana to attend thefuneral and burial of Mrs. Edmnuds'mother, Mrs. Nancy White.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Kidd, ofWichita, Kans., arrived Wednesdaynight to visit Mrs. Kidd's sister, MissEmma Lou Scott, on Pleasant Street.Mrs. Kidd was formerly Miss KatieBelle Scott. This is her first visit toher old home in eighteen years. Mr.Kidd is in the railroad service withheadquarters in Wichita. sJudge and Mrs. Robt. L. Stouthad as their guests on Wednesday,Mr. and Mrs. Dickinson, of KansasCity, who are touring in their automobile. They were on their way toHartford, Conn. Judge and Mrs.Stout are with Mrs. W. E. Board, onHouston Avenue during their stay inParis, while Circuit Court is in session.BOURBON COUNTY MEDICAL ' ASOCIETY IN REGULAR SESSION, JThe Bourbon County Medical Soci-J IetV held itcj roonln niioi.fnT.1-tr vinn- Iing with the Clinical Section in theCounty Court room of the BourbonCounty Court House at 8 p. m., lastnight, and the following program wascarried out:1. Minutes of preceding meetings.2. Final report on School Inspection. Dr. F. L. Lapsley, Chairman.3. Report of three cases of peculiar interest. Drs. Kenney & Rankin.4. Report of Clinical Cases. "5. Von Dungern's Test for Syphilis; Demonstration; Drs. Stern andDaugherty.SYMPOSIUM ON TYPHOID FEVER.1. Preventive Vaccination. Dr. C.G. Daugherty.2. Disinfection, Hygiene and Prevention. Dr. A.- H. Keller.3. Diagnosis. Dr. Wm. Kenney.4. Use of Bacterins in Treatment.Dr. J. T. Brown...5. Diet. Dr. W. C. Ussery.8.. Drug Treatment. Dr. FrankFithian.7. Use of Horse Serum for Hemorrhage. The Secretary.The discussion was opened by Drs.Smith Dailey and Calhoun, Millersbugr; Cook and Henry, North Middletown; Anderson and Smith', Shawhan;McClure, Plum Lick; Linville, Centerville, followed by general discussion.A RARE CHANCE.HALF PRICE.?25.00 TailroedSimon's.Suits at $9.98, at!OWING TO OUR LARGE SPRING BUSINESSWE WERE FORCED TO DUPLICATE' OUR ORDERS ON .Silks, Challis andWash GoodsHowever, you will find patterns and styles that aredifferent; values that you willwill sayare unsurpassedOur Dress Trimming and Lace Stockr Cannot be equaled in this part of the StateWhen it comes to LACE CURTAINS, DRAPERIESand RUGS we are right there we have the goods.sW. d Tucker.Paris1 Only Exclushe Dry Goods Store.SONOF DR. FRANK WINSHIGH HONORS INEAST.?5.00 Hats at $2.50, at Simon's.i SHINE 'EM UP! IWhat a difference whiteteeth make in one's appearancel Beauty is often made or marred bythe teeth. We sell allthe tooth powders anddentifrice that is, allthe good ones. Rubifoam, Sozodont, Lyons.Enthymol, Pebeco, Colgate's, Sanitol, and bestof all, Robo Tooth Paste.Then in brushes, ourpriees begin at 10c andgo up to 50c. We guarantee all brushes from25c up. If the bristlescome out we give you anew brush and no questions asked. 25c gets agood brush, one that willwear well for a longtime.People's PharmacyPARIS, KY.Doyle Builclin g 8th and Main"Watch Our Windows."Dr. Wallace Frank, son of Dr. andMrs. Louis Frank, of Louisville, formerly of Paris, who has been visitinghis parents for the past ten days andwho graduated from the University ofPennsylvania, Wednesday, has returned to Philadelphia to take up the du-.ties of interne in the University of 5Pennsylvania Hospital. HJacn yearduring his four-year term in the University, Dr. Frank has stood at thehead of his class, and as a reward heis to receive a prize of $500 and an additional $o0 for heading his class during the final year. Also he was giventhe privilege of selecting a hospitalin which to serve as interne, and hechose the University Hospital, wherehe will serve for two years. Dr.Frank is twenty-four years old. Hewas graduated from the LouisvilleMale High School and the CenterCollege at Danville.I P BUT WEATHER SPEC1BLiSix Iced Tea Glasses,Six Iced Tea Spoonsand Six Coasters.Rooms For Rent.Three unfurnished rooms, with allmodern conveniences. On SixteenthStreet. Apply toMRS. T. M. QUISBNBURY,(19-3t) B. T. Phone 346.FOR SALE.IMeadow Land for Sale. Fifty acres.(19-3t) MRS. C. M. CLAY.ALL, FOR$4.50rVC. O. HINTONrI.?! Porch and Lawn Goods!FOR ONEEXTRAmOFf ERS THE PLEASURES OPPicture takingINDOORS QR OUT.Come in and we will'show youhow easy it is to us aKodak. Alarge line ofKodaks, $6.00 to $20.00.Brownie Cameras, $1.00 to $12.00DaughertyBros.I SPECIALFORONE WEEKiiidorRE-ENFORCEDHAMMOCKSWEEKONLY!FOR CASHONLY!THE KIND THAT LAST. :Vou must not, you cannot afford to miss these big barSains. Goods charged at regular prices.4-passenger Lawn Swings reducedfrom $7.50 to $5.90Lawn Benches reduced from $1.25to 79Steamer Chairs reduced from $1.25to 75Porch Swings reduced from $3.00 to 2.35(Chains and Hangings Complete)Porch Swings reduced from $4.25 to 3.25Vudor Hammocks reduced from1.85 to 1.35Porch Rockers reduced from $4.00to $2.90Porch Benches reduced from 18.75to 5.S5Vudor Shades reduced from $3.00to 2.00Porch Tables reduced from $7.50 to 5.60Crex Rugs reduced from $1.75 to. . . 1.15Bombay Reed Chairs reduced from$10.00 to 7.50Kaltex Chairs reduced from $7.50 to 5.95We areshowing an immense line of these goods and theabove prices are given merely as an example of what your "money will do for you for one week. COME NOW! DON'T'WAIT! You will not see these prices duplicated. NO SECOND HAND GOODS.We Are Also Offering Big Reductions on Go-Cartsand Refrigerators.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky-Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance Wood Mantels -it-114 Jfi-1iTW.v " - -w" VTHE BOURBON NEW 3 PAR IS, KY. JUNE 19, 1914I IIi-TwinilliilEiaiiiiiilSpilHi: I lllllillftlllllllllll IIHIllillllllllllllll IIIi fill III i I ii, . iiiiFiiii and y II. ICANADA.-tThe land of lakes and coql breezes.An ideal place to spend your vacation.Let one of our passenger representatives help you plan your trip. Noobligation whatever and you will beassured of excellent transportationfacilities and courteous treatment.COMBINATIONRAIL, LAKE and OCEAN TRIPSWITH OPPORTUNITY OF VISITINGDetroit - Niagara Falls - Toronto - Montreal - QuebecNew York - Boston and many interesting placesLOW FARES LONG LIMITS LIBERAL STOP-OVERSCall on your local agent or addressP. C. BENEDICT, D. P. A. or F. P. WADE, T. P. A.Fifth and Walnut Sts., Cincinnati, O.Illustrated Tour Books on applicationillljllffillllMINISTERNCUTS FIGUREIN LAUGHABLE COMEDYo-GreatMm niiHi'iiimBaraain :'- . B " flEfSale fW.;t'Oft cO 2 coetiuOKTia 'VNowGoing On!Greater Bargains than youhave ever before heard of inParis.KINDLY CALL ATDios. DepanmeniSeventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.Sfoie,Riding a bicycle. J. F. Welch, ofWashington, Pa., started out with theintention of attending services at theHill Church, near town, but insteadhe was the central figure in a WildWest performance, with the bicycleand a cow in supporting roles. Ashort distance from the borough lineWelch encountered' a herd of cattle.All tied except one obstinate old cow,which refused to budge.Welch, going at rapid speed, did notdivine her intentions sobn enough toavoid a collision. He was flung fromthe wheel and alighted squarelyastride Bossy's back. The cow forgotall about standing up for her rightsand dashed down the road, bellowingand plunging. Then she stopped andbucked. Welch, clinging to horns andhide, stuck fast.Then followed another gallop downthe road and more bucking. Repeating the performance a third time, thecow succeeded in tossing Welch intoa field. Welch walked back homeunhurt, except in feelings.HOW WOMENVOIDOPERATIONSBy Taking Lydia E. Pink-ham's VegetableCompound.Cleveland, Ohio "My left sidepained me so for several years that Iexpected to have toundergo an operation, but the firstbottle I took ofi Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound relieved me ofthe pains in my sideand I continued itsuse until I becameregular and freefrom pains. I hadasked several doctors if there was anything I couldtake to help me and they said therewas nothing that they knew of. I amthankful for such a good medicine andwill always give it the highest praise."Mrs. C. H. Griffith, 7305 MadisonAve., Cleveland, Ohio.Hanover, Pa. "I suffered from female trouble and the pains were so badat times that I could not sit down. Thedoctor advised a severe operation butmy husband got me Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound and I experienced.great relief in a short time. Now I feellike a new person and can do a hardday's work and not mind it. What joyand happiness it is to be well once more.I am always ready and willing to speaka good word for the Compound. " Mrs.Ada Wilt, 196 Stock St, Hanover, Pa.if there are any complications youdo not understand write to Lydia E.Pinkham Medicine Co. (confidential)Lynn,3Iass. Your letter will he opened,read and answered by a woman andheld in strict confidence,,SAYS SULPHUR DUIVES -ECZEMA FROM THE SKIN.Use Like Cold Cream to InstantlyStop Itching and ClearThe Skin.Sulphur, says a renowned dermatologist, just common bold-sulphur madeinto a thick cream will soothe and healthe skin when irritated and brokenout with eczema or any form of eruption. The moment it is applied allitching ceases and after two or threeapplications the Eczema disappears,leaving the skin clear and sihooth.He tells Eczema sufferers to getfrom any good pharmacy an ounce ofbold-sulphur cream and apply it to theirritated parts the same as you wouldany cold cream.For many years common bold-sulphurhas occupied a secure positionin the practice of dermatology andcutaneous affections by reason of itsparasite-destroying property. It isnot only parasiticidal, but also antipruritic, anti-septic and remarkablyhealing in all irritable and inflammatory conditions of the skin. Whilenot always effecting a permanent cureit never fails to instantly subdue theangry itching and irritation and healthe Eczema right up and it is oftenyears later before any eruptionagain appears on the skin.iMORE MONEY FOR SCHOOLSMore money for the supervisorywork in the public schools of Kentucky is assured for the ensuing year,according to information received byState Superintendent Barksdale Hamlett, of New York, chairman of theGeneral Education Board. This boardhas observed the Southern board, andSupt. Hamlett has been invited to attend a meeting of represntatives ofthe board at Nashville, June 23.Fireworks for a glorious Fourth exploded prematurely at Long IslandCity, and great crowds watched abombardment of Roman candles,flower pots, skyrockets and otherpyrotechnical masterpieces.H4MLow Round Trip Faresfrom Paris toiev) Y ork ana 13ostonvia LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE R. R.30 x3ay limit Tourist Fares toNew York $28.00 Boston $3 1 .2060 day limit Variable Route Fares toNew York $3 1 .95 Boston $33.40REDUCED ROUND TRIP FARES TO MANY OTHER CITIES AND RESORTSSuperior 5ervce to the East and Jsjorth feLsBaBaMBKXHSCKXHttFor particulars, rates, folders, descriptive literature and sleeper reservations, addressW. H. HARRIS, Ticket AgentI r " - " " ...b " 'A missionary in the Philippinesgives motion picture shows in remote districts with apparatus whichhe carries in an automobile, the motorof which is geared to a small dynamoto furnish light to his lantern.Careful New York policemen pinched the Crean twins, aged 34, becausethere was doubt as to which beat upPat O'Connor. The victim didn't knowand Judge Bela had to induce one ofthem to confess.Efforts to effect a settlement of thedispute between the Westinghousecompanies and their 10,000 strikingemployes were begun by businessmen of East Pittsburg, Turtle Creekand Braddock.INDIGESTION AND CONSTIPATION! "About five years ago I began taking Chamberlain's Tablets after suffering from indigestion and constipation for years without finding any' thing to relieve me. Chamberlain'sI tablets helped me at once and by us! ing them for several weeks I wascured of the complaint," writes Mrs.Mary E. McMullen, Phelps, N. Y. Forsale by all dealers,j ' (June)J Ie.The Sherwin-Williams Buggy Paintwas originally made for re-painting and re-finishingold buggies, and combines all the toughness, durability, and strength of color necessary to withstandthe hard wear a buggy gets. There's no other paintfor the purpose as good and economical.It's splendid wearing qualities make it alsoadaptable for painting porch and lawn furniture andall articles subject to outside exposure where astrong, gloss finish is wanted.SOLD BYA. DAUGHERTY.SPECIAL SUMMERI 1 M TLWJTSAVINGJ-JLL JT KJJJiSALEIn Dry Goods, Dress Goods, Silks, Underwear, Ladies' Suits, Skirts, Waists, Millinery and Shoes.We must realize cash at once, and in order to do so will truly tell you we intend to make a Quick Cash Saving Sale andmurder prices so outrageously low to force sale of seasonable goods. This is now your harvest time to reap bargains Wehave only a limited space, so we can print only a few bargains. There are thousands of others in the store.msGiSs. " ! flVMS? V&&S "J 1IpiwJSHftv ,Read The Following Cash-Saving Prices:Lawns at 4CCalico at -. 4cBleached Cotton, at 5cFine Dress Ginghams, at. ."..8 1-3cFine White Ratines, at 15cWhite Voiles, at -'IScPlaid Skirts, at 50cCrepe Dress Goods, at 12J4CCharmous Silk, per yard 35cIndia Linens at Sals Prices.Curtain Drapery, at 9cWide Swiss Flouncing, at 25cTable Linen at Sale Prices.Needles, a Package 2cLong Silk Gloves at Sale Prices.Silk Hose, Sale Price 23cLadies' Black Hose, Sale Price 8cChildren's Hose, Sale Price 7cLadies' White Hose, Sale Price. ...10c100 Silk Waists, at $1.95Hair Nets 2 for 5c500 Fine Waists, at 95cCWorth $1.25 and $1.50)BIG SAVING ON MUSLIN UNDERWEAR.100 handsome umbrellas, at 95c(Worth $1-50)LACE CURTAINS AT SALE PRICESLadies' Vests, at 5cLADIES' SUITS AND SKIRTS.100 Ladies' Stylish Suits, all sizes. and Colors $7.9550 Ladies' Skirts $1.98(All Colors and Sizes, Worth Doublethe Price)75 Ladies' Skirts $2.85(Latest Styles,' Worth ?4.50.)90 Ladies' Fine Skirts $3.95tWorth $5.00 $6.00, $6.50)Silk Petticoats, Sale Price 98cMercerized Petticoats, Sale Price.. 49cI lot of Fine Corsets, Sale Price.. 75c(Worth ?1.50)Pique Skirts, Sale Price..95Ladies' Dresses, stylish $2.95Ladies' Fine Serge and ClothDresses, at $3.9575 Ladies' Dresses, at $4.98(Worth Double)Ladies House Dresses 95cPetticoats, at '..25cExtra Wide Hamburgs, per yd 10cWide Flouncing Embroidery,for Dresses, per yd 25cTalcum Powder , 10c100 Ladies' Stylish Suits, at $7.95(All Sizes and Colors)SALE PRICE ON SPRING COATS.Kimonas, Sale Price 49cChildren's Dresses, at 49cLadies' Parasols, Sale Price 98cLadies' Muslin Gowns, at 48cBoys' rtompers, at 25cRAIN COATS AT SALE PRICES.Dust Caps, Sale Price 9cLadies' Stylish Trimmed Hats,Sale Price $1.50(Worth $2.50)Ladies' Fine Stylish TrimmedHats, Sale Price $2.49(Worth $4.50)Stylishly Trimmed Ladies' HatsSale Price, $3.95(Worth $7.50)SALE PRICE MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S HATS AND DRESSESBABY CAPS AT SALE PRICES.LOT OF LADIES' AND CHILDREN'SSHOES AND SLIPPERSAT SALE PRICESWE ARE SPECIAL AGENTS FORPICTORIAL PATTERNS ,W. B.CORSETS, BON TON CORSETS,D ENT'SGLOVES.CELEBRATED K I DA final word to you DON'T DELAY, but come early. The big crowd will eagerly buy up thebig bargains. Tell your friends and neighbors.Remember,tHe PlaceTWIN BROS.CORNER SEVENTH AND MAIN STREETS, PARIS, KY.DepartmentStore,t "itI'Aft4. - 1M -t vX"WESTERN 'WHEAT GROWERSWANT 82,000 HELPERS.Kansas, Missouri and Oklahomaraisesrs of wheat need at least 82,000more men to help In harvesting theircrops and the commissioners of laborof those States have asked Secretaryof Labor Wilson to have his department co-operate with them in obtaining the necessary workers. The menwill be wanted by June 15, and thepay, it is stated, will range from $2 to$350 a day. The period of employment will be from three to five or sixmonths. Various local organizationsin the three States will arrange fordistributing the men among the wheatfarmers.ENFORCE THE GAME LAWSAND PROTECT THE GAME.ffeffBHfe SHOE POLISHES :THEF.F.DAUJEY CO.. LTD-BUFFALO. N. Y HAMILTON. ONT. TThe game wardens over the Statereport that they are having many applications for the fish that are beingfurnished by the Federal Governmentfor the purpose of restocking Kentucky streams. Now, if the peoplewho are so anxious to secure consignments of these fish will manifest thesame interest in their protection the'State may get some good resultsfrom the distribution. If, however,the dynamiters and fish destroyers ofevery sort are permitted to worktheir will it will be a case of laborand fish loot. There is no use begging the question. If we are to havefish in our streams, the laws for theirprotection must be enforced.LUKE McLUKi" SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)It seems funny to a man. But theSee-Everyt(hing gowns cost just asmuch as the old-fashioned opaqekind that used to hide what theywere intended to hide.Sympathy costs noting. That'swhy we all watse so much of itWhen a mnn has a pimple on hisback he wouldn't go down town wearing a transparent undershirt and nocoat. But it is different with a girl.When a man wants a drink he canthink of 9,000,000 good reasons whyhe should take one. But he can'traise a single excuse for going without it.Another reason for the High Costof Living is that the $20 per weekmen all want to marry accomplishedmusicians and pass up the accomplished potato peelers.A London scientist declares thatthere is more symmetry to a man'slegs than to a woman's I don't doubtthat tliis is true over there. But that.scientist should spend a summer overhere and Get Wise.,.ct tuu DUAUt TIRED, WORN-OUT, MISERABLE. ALWAYS LEAD TO BETTERa I ipi i t tGayCutsNew York andSimple Life.Return toNine hundred million bushels ofwheat, a new record for the UnitedStates, is the prospective total yieldof the country this year, according to.announcement by the Department ofAgriculture.Mexico's national emblem picturesare an eagle conquering a snake.But just at present the snake seemsto be having the better of the argument.That Federal Judge Emory Speer,of Georfia, will be cleared by the findings of the House I subcommitteewhich investigated his conduct is thebelief in Washington.FIRST CLASS SERVICE ATFREEMAN'S BARBERSHOP.Having engaged the service of LouisLivers, an experienced barber, I amnow prepared to handle my trade andgive the most thorough satisfaction.Give me a call and be convinced.BUCK FREEMAN.The New York correspondence ofthe Cincinnati Times-Star has the following story, the hero of which isalleged to be from Paris, Ky.:"This is the story of a merry youngblade who came out of the West andwent back again. Though a youth,he was a philosopher. There was thewisdom of ages in the remark whichwas his favorite while he swam in thetide of Broadway's gaieties. 'This isthe life,' he said; 'this is the life ifyou don't weaken.'"He had come on to buy somethingor buy something for father. Commercial ambition stopped buddingwhen he found that he 'could tago sowell after three lessons that ladiessent 'round requests .for dances withhim. And commercial ambition, together with every sense of work-a-day responsibility, vanished completely when he found that hec ould earnten dollars an hour teaching otherpeople to tango and maxixe. Ofcourse, it was an occupation whichtook up much of one's time. For onething, it was necessary to get 'roundtween eleven o'clock and daylight toget the new steps, and incidentally,one had to do more or less drinkingand eating and smoking at unusualhours. But he faltered not. Andevery night when hewas getting intohis dress suit at about 10:30 he remarked: 'This is life if you don'tweaken.' ."And then came the sudden peremptory, unanswerable, well-informedtelegram from father, after whichNew York was immediately short oneskillful and popular tangoer. Yousee, one may earn ten dollars an hourteaching the tango, but one can spendten dollars an hour in the intervalsbetween lessons. So, even a succesful and popular teacher of the tango is in no position to argue the pointwhen father telegraphs- 'Come home,or you know what.'"But as I said before, the boy wasa philosopher. Here is the proof ofit in the telegram which he sent topretty Janet McIIhvaine, the professional with whom he had danced morethan once to Broadway's admiring applause. Never mind the grammar;it's the sense of it you are to note.The telegram read:"Paris, Ky., May. 20."Miss Janet Mclllwain, Persian Garden, Fifth and Broadway, N. Y.:.."New version: .This is the life ifyou don't weaken.CHARLES HENRY BLANK,"Many Paris People Are in This ConditionMiss Pearl Kray, Cleveland's firsti mounted policwoman. complained thatthousands of people in EdgewaterSerious sicknesses start in disor- Park gazed at her "something scandders of the stomach, liver and kid- alous" and it. was pmharrassincThere is little rest for the kidney neys. The best corrective and preven- jSllfferer. ' , Utro. ,V T TJ-i' tvt t :t- Tint. I-" m io -Li. xviuga ixch J-Jiit; .cms.rue DacK tnroos, reelsweak andpainful.The urinary passages are irregularand distressing.The sufferer, tired, worn-out anddepressed.The kidneys need quick help,They need a special kidney remedy, jDoan's Kidney Pills have stood thetest.A remedy especially -for kidney ailments. " ICan any Paris reader doubt this 'statement?Mrs. G. N. Gravett, 44 N. Firstavenue, Winchester, Ky., says: "Foryears I have known about Doan'sKidney Pills, and I consider them thebest of all kidney remedies. I had jheadaches and backaches and was 'restless at night. I felt all tired outin the morning and sometimes was jnervous. Seeing Doan's Kidney PillsI used them. They made me storngand well."Price 50c, at all dealers. Do'nt .simply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Gravett had. Foster-Milburn Co., 'Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)They purify the Blood Prevent Constipation, keep Liver, Kidneys andBowels in healthy condition. .Giveyou better health by ridding the system of fermenting and gassy foods.j Effective and mild. 25c, at yourI druggist.Bucklin's Arnica Salve for all hurts.(June)In an -answer to his wife's petition for divorce, David Hammitt, 77Mt. Healthy farmer, says she spoke"disrespectfully of both Roosevelt andTaft. He filed the answer late Monday.Copenhagen will hold an automoMMrexposition, open to manufacturer-,throughout the world, this moatlirk-7Tm&riic iSALYLIMarked Improvement.Rev. Caller "Well. Mrs. Mantles. Dand is the good man any better?" Mrs.Mangles "Oh, yes, sir. 'E's nearlyall right agen, sir. 'E don't say 'isprayer no nv of a night now, sir."COUNTY COURT DAYS.Herbert Morgan, &, found $19 . inMcKeesport, Pa. Eleswhere he founda diamond worth $50. A half milefarther on he found a gold ring' intowhich the diamond was fitted. Someday he expects to find the owner.ONLY ONEENTIRELYTORY.SATISFAC-"I have tried various, colic and diarrhoea remedies but the only one thathas given me entire satisfaction andcured me when I was afflicted isChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. I recommend it tomy friends at all times," writes S. N.Galloway, Stewart, S. C. For sale byall dealers.(June)Below is a list of the days CountyCourts are held each month "in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawreceourg, 3d Monday.Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, Imc Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Pendleton, Falmoucn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d MondayShelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wayne, Montecello, 4th Monday.Woodford, Versailles. 4th Monday,Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, ?nd Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburgr 1st Monday.Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Monday. Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday."American women are becoming ibald-headed on the inside from devoting all their thoughts to dress,"said Wilber F. Crafts, Washington,C. reformer.Bob, a black bear in the New YorkZoo, strangled two mates to death because they cast eyes at polar bearsnearby. Afterward he jumped to hisdeath. Head Keeper Bill swears itwas suicide.To the Creditors of GeorgAlexander & Co. StateBank.NOTICE-The creditors of the above namedGeorge Alexander & Company StateBank are hereby notified to file theirclaims with the undersigned, verified as required by law, at my officeat the Bourbon Bank & Trust Company's place of business in Paris,Kentucky, on or before September 1,1914; and all depositors of said bankare requested to bring in and leavewith the undersigned their passbooks, in order that they may beposted.BUCKNER WOODFORDSpecial Deputy Banking Commissioner. (22-Fri 3mos.)EEYEGOOD FOR THE DfES-AHD YES-ONOfELCJIE EYES?D yea tklnlc that mtoiy, mmmiitijeyes are natural? Jfre yea fceHeTetaat styes, nanalated lMs pearBigtoU growths, are satural? UseEAGLE ETE SAI.VE aatf smEagle Eyes again.sia. -BILEIs NATURE'SDisinfectantRelease that daauned-ss Bils sadI tout ilia axe relieved. tMJjniMmLaxatives de net teack tfca LIVEK.Pedophyllin (Hay AsIe Xeet)PoDoLax is Psdeykvllia wKa taetaken eut.Thrnm TrySSLtSSSs3For Sale y All Druggists)liiamaaiifcaOne application soothes aad beats a roeebpimplyskinnd.whenrepeated.quicklyeaectsa cure. Eczema. Erysipelas. Tetter. Ulcers aadall skin diseases yield to its curative properties.sue. a box. At an urugpats.Send for free sample and book. '"Health aad BaaatyJJOHNSTON. HOtXOWAY C-1730 Spring CUrrfen St-, PMto., Pa.Il UUIiHlGot AnyDEFECTS?SORES, BURNS,SCALDS. BRUISES.CHAPPED HANDSAND UPS. TETTER.ECZEMA?Do you really want to heal It? Bad enough tosoend 25c. ? Then eo to the store and buy abox of DR. BELL'S XAntiseptic Salve tIt Is snow white and snow pure and If Itdoesn't do the work, set your money back."Tell It By The Bell"t-or Sale by All Druggists.IWhen you feelCOUGHS AND COLDS WEAKENTHE SYSTEM.Continued Coughs, Colds and Bronchial troubles are depressing andweaken the system. Loss of weightand appetite generally follow. Get a50c bottle of Dr. King's New Discovery to-day. It will stop your cough.The first dose helps. The best medicine for Stubborn Coughs, Colds andall Throat and Lung Troubles. Mr.O. H. Brown, Muscatine, Ala., writes:"My wife was sick during the hot summer months and I honestly believeDr. King's New Discovery saved herlife." Good for children. 50c and$1.00 at your druggist.(June)discouragecou fused, nevous, tired, worried or despondent it issure sign you need MOTFS NERVERIKPILLS. They renew the normal vigor aimake life worth living. Be sure and ask iMott's Nerverine Pills IpTmllt.WILLIAMS MFG. CO.. Props., Cleveland, OhiffL. Oberdorfer, Druggist Paris, Ky..."Happy," a mbngrel pup, saved thefamily of Robert Graham, in Southington, Ct., by wriggling through thescreen door and pulling at the bedclothes when fire broke out.1 Speoial' This Week!ELECTRIC IRONS112.00Plumbing and ElecContractors.Stoves, Rangesand Appliances.! Spicer &Gilchrist,Elks' BuildingLT. Phone, 103Home Phone, 1 014!"Fifteen cents will buy a highballfor a sport who doen't need it, or 50 jpounds of ice for a tenant baby, who !will die without it," reaas an au iurddnations to a free ice fund, in ChiAnnette Kellerman, who is about .to dive into grand opera, probably jfeels that her liquid notes- should put jhpr Heht in the swim. Boston Tran-iscript.The day of stage art is fast waningand the pendlum will never swing,back, according to Ben Teal, a Lon-jdon manager made pessimistic by the ,movies.'fFfrrrfrnM Jle &T I'SLSplBfSUMMER GOODS MUST GO!Let Us Start You With The Hot Weather.This Safie Begins Saturday, June 13.Will continue the rest of the hot month, with Porch Chairs, Swings,the No-Whip Shades, Refrigerators and Lawn Furniture. Let us showyou what a saving we have in store for yoti."The "tango foot," discovered byProf. Boehme, is the latest ailment,a rheumatic affliction of tjie feet andankles, induced by too much tangoand maxixe.The first ocean liner passed sucr.pssfullv throueh the locks at GatunTuesday in a test to determine the ef-1ficiency of the towing macnuierjr. iHOT WEATHER TONICAND HEALTH BUILDER.Are you run down nervous tired?Is every thing you do an effort? Youare not lazy you are sick! YourStomach, Liver, Kidneys, and wholesystem need a Tonic. A Tonic andHealth Builder to drive out the wastematter build you up and renew yourstrength. Nothing better than Electric Bitters. Start to-day. Mrs. Jas.Duncan, Haynesville, Me., writes:"Completely cured me after severaldoctors pave me up." 50c and $1.00,at four druggist.Bucklin's Arnica Salve for Cuts.(Jtme):::iiiGasStovesAre Included InThis Summer Sale.So don't let the hotweather burn you up when you can have a Gas Rangeto protect you. See our prices.H imjmmzs flBeiiipaispTHE NEWICEBERG.The reduced prices willinterest you. The largeRefrigerator was $35.00NOW $27.50and on down to $6.75.ammmSeaCSsSS? i-Bfc lgBfflWRemember these goods must go, and we can save you many dollars by buying during our Summer Sale. Just a look will help you. 'A. P. Wheeler Furniture Co.CMAS. GREEN, Manager.OPP. COURT MOUSE,JOwqHTv 'J. --ft, "" ."r$& . r7v. w' v&.4 - LJt -yiW-7u.,--AsA-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KJehTUCKY, JUNE 19, 1914.J 'NEWS OF MILLERSBUR6.Mrs. Jennie Letton left Wednesday for a two weeks' visit to Mrs. Forest Letton, at Paris. , -Miss Elizabeth Ingels returnedThursday after a week's visit tofriends at Midway.Mr. Henry Sheeler, whose headwas hurt several days ago in an accident, is improving nicely.Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Johnson arevisiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. R.O. Chambers, at Sardis.Misses Sallie Neely and MissBelle Mitchell, of Paris, were guestsof Mrs. M. J. Caldwell, Tuesday.Mr. and Mrs. George Donaldson,of Winchester, were guests of Mrs.Minnie Hurst and daughters, Tuesday.Mrs. Mary Johnson, of Carlisle,was the guest of Mrs. C. M. Johnson,Monday.Mrs. Robert Hinton and daughter,Miss. Luna, of Flemingsburg, were.guests of Mrs. Minnie Hurst anddaughter, last week.Mrs. E. P. Pogue, of Lexington, isthe guest of Mrs. T. J. Prather, Wednesday. Shewas enroute to for a visitto relatives at Mayslick.Childrens' Day exercises of theMethodist" Church will take place Sunday morning. An interesting program has been arranged.Miss Hdwin Ammerman left Monday to take .the six-weeks' teachers'course at Eastern Kentucky StateNormal Institlute at Richmond.Mr. Russell Mitchell ran threenails in his right foot Wednesday afternoon. The wounds are not considered serious, but are very painful.Mesdames Wm. Bedford, of Lexington, Lydia Conway, of Paris, H. H.Crouch, of Little Rock, were guestsof Mrs. M. P. Collier from Monday until Thursday.Irs. W. V. Huffman entertainedSu number of her friends with a reception Thursday afternoon. It wasa pronounced success, and enjoyed"by all present.Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Barr, of Virginia, Mrs. Cifton Dalzell and son,Elgin, of North Middletown, wereguests of Mrs. Minnie Hurst anddaughters, Monday.Rev. Southgate, P. E., of theFrankfort District of the MethodistChurch, will preach at Ruddles Mills,Saturday night and Sunday morning,and "will conduct the Union Servicesat the Methodist Church here Sundayiiight.Miss Ama Duke Jones, who hasbeen at the Conservatory of Musicat, Cincinnati, O., since last fall, returned home Wednesday, after havingtaken the prescribed course. MissJones will give a number of concertsduring the summer, and will acceptone of several positions now open toJier in various colleges.Mrs. J. B. Cray entertained sevenof the little tots Wednesday afternoon;froni 4 to 5, the occasion being therst anniversity of her little grandson,-James Billy Leer. All of the tots-were under1 two years old, and it wasan amusing sight to see them tojgether. The following were guests:Sara Thorn Marshall, James HarrisClarke, Elizabeth Dimmitt Calhoun,Joe Mackey Grimes, Lillie James"Shrout, of Owingsville, Dorothy Jean jPayne, of Barboursville, W. Va andAnna Elizabeth Hillock.Mrs. M. P. Collier entertainedwith an elaborate reception Tuesdayafternoon from 3 to 6. A largg number of invitations were issued, and themost of them responded to. It wasthe final social event to be given byher before moving to her new iiomeat Paris. The visitors were receivedat the front door by little Miss MaryLouise Collier and were conductedinto the presence of the receiving linewhich was stationed in the frontdrawing room, by Mrs. C. B. Smith.The receiving line was made up ofMrs. M. P. Collier, hostess, Mrs. Wm.Bedford, of Lexington, sister of thehostess, and Mrs. H. H. Crouch, ofLittle Rock. They jwjare then ushered into the presence of Mrs. R. M.Collier and Mrs. E. P. Thomason, byMiss Bessie Purnell. From here theypassed into the rear hall, where allguests were registered by Mrs. R. G.McClintock, and they were then conducted into the frappe room, whichwas in charge of Mrs. Lyda Conway,of Paris, assisted by Miss MarthaSmith. After partaking of this mostdelightful beverage, they were thenushered into the room by Mrs. 07 H.Collier, which was beautifully decorated with cut flowers, the colorscheme being pink and white, whichwas nicely carried out, throughoutthe entire house. The room was presided over by Mrs. R. F. Collier andMrs. V. L. Barton, the former ofParis. Ice cream, cake and mintswere served. During the entire timebeautiful soft music was rendered bythe victrola, which was stationed onthe second floor and was in charge ofMiss Mildred Louise Collier.f f vI m a k. m m ?HI III -III HiIll IIbun. Dtunnflm -AND MR. THOMASiContinued From Page 1.)"dry" people, and adds to this number persons without pronouncedviews on the liquor Question who arej casting their vote as a rebuke to the rule and an enlightened public opinmethods employed m his defeat be- ion. He sees no necessity, as mat,for State-wide prohibition during thiscampaign. He stands as.the advocateI ui unc iuunij uuii law.- uuubi uis lull fluence that mutilated statute was! perfected by the last Legislature andit is now no longer possible for 25per cent, of the voters ia any precinctin any county to prevent an electionwhen the people want an election.That "25 per cent, law" the liquorpoliticians strove to defeat, but it waspassed by an overwhelming vote.Mr. Beckham believes in the complete success of the county unit lawas it stands. Upon it the sale ofliquor can be forbidden under homefore the Legislature of 1908In Hodgenville, Mr. Beckham findspractically a united support. Almostevery county official, politician, business or professional man in Hodgenville is for him, and .he will get 70 per up other measurescent, of the vote in the county. Hodgenville people are primarily interested in the sucess of their fellow'county man. David H. Smith, whoters now stand, for changing thewhole basis of the movement againstfree trade in liquor. When the countyunit bill fails Governor Beckham believes it w,ill be time enough to takeLouisville PostBURR GROUND MEALYour grocer sells Burr GroundMeal. Give it a trial. ManufacturedhyMILLERSBURG MILLS.(22-1 mo)LUCIEN BECKNER WILL BEPROGRESSIVE CANDIDATE.After a conference of Progressivesat Lexington, Wednesday, it was decided to put up a Progressive candidate for Congress in this, the Seventhdistrict, and Hon. Lucien Beckner, ofWinchester, formerly editor of theWinchester Sun, having consented tomake the race, was selected as thecandidate.Mr. Beckner prepared his petition,signed by voters of Fayette and Clarkcounties, and it was forwarded to theSecretary of State, at Frankfort.Mr. Beckner is a son of the lateJudge William M. Beckner. He is alawyer, who has for several yearsbeen a member of the Winchesterbar. For several years he editedtheWinchester Sun, but recently severedhis connection with that paper andpurchased the Citizens' Printing Company, in Lexington.BAREFOOT SANDALS.We have just received a new lineof barefoot sandals for Misses andChildren. They are just the thing forthese hot days. Come in while wehave your size.(5-tf) GEO. McWILLIAMS.ALLIE YOUNG CHOSEN.FRANKFORT, KY., June 18. Allieseeks the short term nomination and Young will have charge Of Gov. Mc-ii ...., . . ' . no..r. .nn.rr.n.n m T Tiney Diiteny resent tne attempts or ,jlcaiJ,jB a.iuya.i&u.the Stanley leaders to create the impression that Mr. Smith had introduced Stanley and was his supporter forthe long term.BECKHAM IN BARREN COUNTY.Former Governor' Beckham had abig day in Barren County. He addressed an "enormous crowd 'at Glasgow and a big enthusiastic gatheringat Cave City. At Cave City he wasintroduced by Virgil Baird, one ofGlasgow's most prominent Democrats.There is no doubt that Mr. Beckhamwill carry the county by a majorityof 1,200 or over. His speeches werealong the usual lines at both Glasgowand Cave City, and the manner inwhich they were received attested theformer Governor's popularity.AT MUNFORDVILLE.Former Governor Beckham spoke atMunfordville, Tuesday, to one of thelagest and most enthusiastic audiences that has attracted a politicalmeeting in the county in a long time.The former Governor presented hisclaims for the Senate in a clear, concise manner and defined the issues ofthe campaign in a way that won himmuch applause. He heartily indorsedPresident Wilson and the National administration and expressed his strongapproval of- the county unit law asamended. He made an attack on the"liquor trust" and its part in the politics of Kentucky and said Representative Stanley was closely allied withthe combination. Gov. Beckham wasintroduced by D. W. W. Bowling, oneof the best known Democrats in HartCounty and a veteran of Morgan'scommand, and he gave Gov". Beckhamthe highest praise. There is no doubtthat the former Governor will carrythe county by a large majority. Harthas always been for him and it is nowstronger in his behalf than ever before.MR. BECKHAM'S CAMPAIGN.The liquor agents and organs arenot satisfied to- let the question ofState-wide prohibition rest where itwas placed by the Legislature. Inreporting Governor Beckham's cam-paign they falsely state that he has .ueuiaieu ior oiaxe-wiue proiuuiuon.T. L. Jefferson,of Louisville, and George F. FarrisFarris will have change of headquarters at Seelbach. The Governor wentto Louisville this morning to openheadquarters.BIG REDUCTIONS$7.50 Dresses at $4.98, at Simon's.AT LAMBERT'S SALE.25c Hand-Painted Plates, for 15c, atLambert's Closing Out Said. 16-2tMT0Eighth and MainMlNo DeliveryNo PhonesNo Credit.j..i.j.,fca a.M.a t f..f. urn it iiinriniiiiiiiin.MRS. J. T. PMNDLMTONDRESSMAKING AND LADIES'TAILORING"ft"Announces to her. patrons that, shevvill Iveae for Paris, France, on July'15th, and will be pleased to executespecial orders for Wedding Trous-seaux. . etc.During the next two weeks specialcut prices will be made to make spacefor early imported stocks.Viff"141 EAST MAIN ST.,LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY.A'h'i'iiAyii"xi'ift'i i it i tui uiHiniiiiinrtONE KILLED, ANOTHER HURTIN AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENT.JUDGE STOUT PAYS MYSTERIOUS VISIT ITO WASHINGTON.T"hp "WflRVlinpnn nnrrocnnnrlont rfthe Louisville Herald, under date of "Holman Rice, son of Mrs. Belle RiceJune 17,' says: "A mysterious visit was fatally injured and Roberthere to-day of Judge Robert L. Stout, roos, Drotner ot county Judge A.Circuit Judge at Frankfort, Ky., caus-N- Crooks, of Bath County, was seried lively guessing amoung the poli- ously hurt, ,when an automobile iaticians. J which they were going to Lexingtonaasnea tnrougn a wire fence, nearWinchester. Rice, who owned theSliced Ham ber lb 25cSliced Breakfast Bacon, lb. .25cFresh Pork Sausage, per lb 18cChuck Steak, per lb. q 16cRound Steak, per lb 18cLoin Steak, per lb 20cPorterhouse Steak, per lb.. 22cPlate Roast, per lb 12c vChuck Roast, per lb 15cRib Roast, per lb 16cRump Roast, per lb 15cPork Chops, per lb 18cPork Roast, per lb 16cPure Lard, per lb 14cFresh Fish Received Daily.mM. J, HellerI&co.Governor Beckham has not declaredI.BBlour Sumner ShoeswmmmwmmmmmwmmOver w fTo-morrow is the Day to BuyYour Summer Shoes and Oxfords.tShoes, Oxfords and Pumos For All Occasions! IWe cannot fully impress upon you the splendor, the diversity of styles 1sary for you to be here and be convinced of the great bargains.Ladies' Colonial Pumps, of elegant Patent Colt Men's Tan Oxfords of .the best qualities and . 'or Soft Dull Kid, genuine 4.00 values, makes, genuine $4.00 values $3.4-9 and $3.99at $2.99 and $2.49 , J ,, , ,,,.,T ,. fTTT1, n T Men's Tan and Gun Metal Oxfords, the-EnglishLadies' White Canvas Mary Jane Pumps and last, of the famous Walk-Over and BeaconOxfords, genuine S3.00 values at S 1 .99 and 1 .4-9 makes 4,00Ladies' Suede and Velvet Mary Jane Pumps Men's Tan and Black Vici Oxfords, broad toeand Oxfords, the best makes, genuine 4. 00 and and soft flexible soles, $4.00 values,$3.50values at $2.99 and 2.49 at $3.49 and 2.49Ladies' Oxfords and Pumps of f)ull Soft Kid, , Men's Tand and Gun Metal Oxfords in alllight, flexible soles, $4.00 and $3,50 values, styles, bench made,- $4.00 values,at $2.99 and 2.49 at 2.99Ladies' Oxfords and Pumps in Patent Colt and Men'3 Oxfords in Patent Leather and 'GunDull Kid, $3 and $2. 50 values.... $1.99 and 1.49 Metal, $3.00 velues at 1.99Misses' and Children's White Canvas Shoes and Baby. Doll Pumps, alsoPatent Colt Mary Sane, at Special Bargain Prices.Boys' Shoes and Oxfords, White and Black Tennis Oxfords, Barefoot Sand Q Is at the lowest prices.Space is too limited to give all the numerous bargains. Come and convinceyourself. ,3ST COHEN'SShoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReignsJudge Stout is one of the leadersof the anti- Cantrill faction in theSeventh Kentucky District, and iseverlastingly opposed to the renomination of Representative Cantrill. Hispresence here at a time when the National leaders of the 'dry' forces aremeeting here suggested a possibilitythat the contest for the Congressionalnomination between Cantrill andClaude M. Thomas, his Democraticopponent, may soon take on a national aspect."Cantrill is leading the fight in theHouse against the Hobson nationalprohibition resolution."OLDEST IN THE BUSINESS.Lawn mowers sharpened and repaired. Oldest antomobile and machine repair shop in the city.SM'L KERSLAKE & SON,East cor.fThird and Pleasant Sts.(15m-2mo)machine and was driving, is said tohave lost control of the steeringgear. Crooks' arm and shoulder werefractured. Both men resided atOwingsville, Ky. Rice died at thehome of Matt. Bean, never regainingconsciousness. He leaves a wife', whowas Miss Mary "Wood, daughter ofHon. John C. Wood, of Mt. Sterling,former State Railroad Commissioner.VICTIM OF AUTO MISHAPIS IMPROVING SLOWLY.Mr. J. L. Chowning, of Lair, whohas been in a Lexington hospitalsince May 31st, suffering frominjuries sustained in an automobileaccident near Lexington, in which Elwood Wallen, of Paris, was killed, wastaken to Cynthiana, Monday, and is atthe Harrison Hospital. He is slowlyimproving.1 Thomas & Woodf or dt5Fire, Wind,Lightning Insurance!Protect Your GrowingTobacco Against'HAILOnly First-Class CompaniesRepresentedID.A.Ittv Aiv nuw uuumug...ftThe newest and smartest Pumps in Patena Dull Kid and Gun Metal, in Colonial and! Bulgarian styles, with the new Louisa nd Spool'! Heels.Also Babv Doll Pumos in Patent and GunMetal. Come to us to be fitted.Geo. Mc Williams,t Mies 301 , The Shoe Man&TWS.1 " fks to