.-VS -:.I..v- - .T"!. .i8neferAv -jrKvrvr, f- 3gs z? -r "! - jT"PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY INTHE YEAB- '"-""Iv-.,-,-- i;- : . , j hm ., " '-"msaiPHnHH" " P'' ' faf fai HBBBBBBf faff faff aV -VQLUME;'XXXIISJPPLEMENTAL REPORTFILED IN ALEXANDER CASE.State Banking Commissioner Thos., Smith, of Frankfort, through his attorney, Mr. John J. Williams, of thiscity, filed in the Bourbon CircuitCourt on Wednesday afternoon a supplemental report giving a full list ofthe depositors in the George Alexanue: & Co. State Bank, which is in hishands, together with the amount ofeach depositor's-tfccount.The report indicates that the depositors Avill receive 25 per cent, oftbt.ir deposit some time within thenext three wpek". The list of claimsr-oognied by the Commissioner comprises 460 names, and a further listof claims in appended which have notben proven by their owners, containing 210 names, making at the timettifc bank was taken over by the Commissioner C70 depositors who hadn.oney in the Alexander Bank.""here were 440 accounts in whichth(- depositors had $100 or more; ninety-liveaccounts which showed a balaii of over $500; sixty-one aicountsof $1,000 and over; ten accounts ofmore than $5,000; three accounts overlf. 000. and two exceeding $20,000."he largest deposit was $29,392.09,an ilie smallest balance of one cent.Tto uuproven claims run from one'! to 100. Next to the $100 claimthe largest claim to remain unprovenis that of Pattie R. Bedford for $73.52.isomer interesting account is that oftht Children's Missionary Board,ttMeh has a balance remaining to itscredit of $20.43.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1914.CIRCUIT COURT.WrJILE WAR THUNDERSA.VERICAN BUSINESS INCREASES.While the forces of destruction areJeiug mobilized in ever increasingstrength in the warring countries ofEurope, constructive agencies, publicand private, are at work onthiF side of the Atlantic, and resources of peace are being concentrated toovercome the effects of the world war.All information reaching governmentaldepartments here indicates that thegloom and depression which overtook business enterprises in the United States when the war storm burst,is slowly drawing aside and glimpsesof present and coming prosperity arevisible.Tie hopeful outlook for Americanventures was summarized by Secretary Redfield in a letter to the Chamber of Commerce of the United States,in -shicli he declared:"Let the worst be said and admitted that can be said respecting existing business difficulties in America,our condition still remains not onlyrelatively bright, but rapidly improving, and, in many respects, both prosperous and promising."ACCIDENTALLY INJURED.Ttfilliam Higgins, son of Mr. andIrs. C. V. Higgins, a car inspector inthe employ of the Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company in the SouthPans yards, was seriously injuredTuesday night in the yards while inthe performance of his duties. Mr.Higgins was underneath an engine engaged in inspecting the air brakes,mofv ?Im f the court Tuesday wasmostly taken up in hearing motionsSt tr ?F ,r2ers' and a11 the casesset tor that day were continued orotherwise disposed of without trial.at. V Sdf y the damage suit ofir. u. f. Cook against Mr. T FBrannon was callea for trial. Bothparties answered ready, and after ajury was secured a large number ofwitnesses were introduced on bothsides. Arguments were made 4)y at-ixxxca rvoDt. u. Talbott and DenisDundon, representing respectively theprosecution and the defense. After alengthy deliberation the jury returneda verdict awarding Mr. Cook damages in the sum of $550 and assessingthe costs against Mr. Brannon.Cook sued Brannon for $5,000 damages for assault and battery followingCook's testimony before the grandjury, when that body was conductingan investigation of an alleged nuisance maintained by Brannon at hissaloon, on Main street, a few doorsfrom Cook"s grocery. Brannon hadpreviously been fined $1,000 and givena jail sentence for contempt of courtfor striking a witness (Cook) who hadtestified against him before the grandjury. Brannon took an appeal fromthis, and will likely appeal lrom theverdict ot Wednesday.The indictment returned by Uiegrand jury at the March term of courtfor maintaining a nuisance has not !yet been tried. iThe jury in the damage case was jcomposed of D. S. Taylor, AlbertRice, F. P. Kiser, Jas. L. Dodge, Ed.Keller, J. Hal Woodtord, B. T. Mattox,Frank Park, J. M. Smelser, FrankNichols, Thomas McCray dan BobertAdair.The case of C. J. Wright vs, theKentucky Traction and Terminal Company, for killing four horses and mulesvalued at $800 was called for trialyesterday. The jury rendered a verdict for the plaintiff in the sum of$600.In the case of J. J. Piper's administrator vs. W. H. Piper, an agreedorder was entered settling the case.Several other motions and short orders were filed in various cases.The grand jury will resume its sessions this morning after an adjournment taken from last Friday.TURKISH LAND FORCESFIRE ON AMERICAN SHIPS.WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. TheUnited States Government 1ms rJirpnt.ed Ambassador Henry Morgenthau atConstantinople to ask the Ottomangovernment for an explanation for thefiring by Turkish land forces at alaunch from the American cruiserTennessee proceeding from Courlah totiie American Consulate at Smyrna,Asia Minor.Secretary Daniels, with the approval of President Wilson, simultaneously cabled the commanders of the Tennessee and the North Carolina, alsoin the Mediterranean, to ta"ke no ac--icau Government and to await specific instructions for the Government inWashington concerning the generalsituation.The seteps followed the receipt of amessage from Captain Benton C.Decker, commander of the Tennessee,which was paraphrased in this statement from the Navy Department:"Captain V. B. C. Decker, in command ot the Tennessee, wired" Secretary Daniels this morning that whileproceeding from Courlah to Smyrnato make official calls, the boat wasfired at."Much anxiety is elt for the safety of consulate. The Tennessee proceeded to Courlah at the request ofthe Ambassador, and is now anchoredin the harbor at Scio (Chios), Greece,from which Captain Decker's telegramwas sent. Secretary Daniels wiredfor fuller information."Although without definite details asto just what occurred, high officials ofthe Washington Government had nodoubt that the incident, no matterwhere the responsibility lay, wouldpromptly be adjusted through diplomatic channels.flHHHHB2ArW A A .iviitc helc Dii. muiaKmureswwMR. HUNTER!November 15th.is the time to look for the birds, and there is going to be plenty ofthem this year, but to find these birds at the right time and the rightplace you ve got to wear the best Hunting Clothes in the world, andthat irf1DTJ2BAKandtheLAIDES' TRIMMED HATS.Ladies' trimmed hats at actual onehalf price atHARRY SIMON'S.NTRAFFIC ON THE L. & N.SHOWS BIG INCREASE.ED. TIPTON VISITS PARIS.A decided increase in the freightand passenger traffic of the Louisville& Nashville road is evidenced by thenumber of trains passing throughParis daily.According to Louisville & Nashvilleofficials the increased freight trafficis due to the large output of the Kentucky coal - fields shipments fromwhich destined for Cincinnati andother Northern markets must necessarily pass through Paris by reason ofgeographical location of the mines.when a negro hostler, who was en- Each freight trains passing throughgaged in cleaning out the ash pan, accidently struck him a heavy blow atthe base of the neck, rendering himunconscious for three hours. Thenegro man was not aware of the presence of Mr. Higgins under the ensine. Mr. Higgins was removed tothe home of his parents on the Bethlehem pike, where he is reproted aslasting very comfortably.CRAIG-DAVIS MOTOR COMPANYTAKES NEW AGENCY.7!ie popular firm of Craig-DavisMotor Company that in the past hashandled the Ford and Oveland cars,will for the coming year give up theagency for these cars and will "represent the Oakland and Maxwell factories. The Oakland line will be represented by two models, a "6" and a"4;"both with full electrical equipment.The "6" will sell at ?1,6S5, and "4" at1,200.The Maxwell is a splendid popularpriced car that sells for $750, with fullelectricaf equipment, and $695 withoutstarter, etc. .Come in and see the cars demonstrated. (It))Paris carrying these coal shipmentsare double headed, one engine beinginadequate to pull the heavy trains.It is confidently believed that businesson this division of the L. & N. willassume a renewed activity within thenext few weeks.The passenger traffic, too, is showing signs of healthy revival, due in agreat measure to the exodus ofwealthy people of the North, who arefleeing to the sunny climes of Florida to escape the coming rigors oftheir own dimate. Through trainsover this division, notably the morning and night Florida Limited trains,carry large numbers of these seekersof a warmer climate, arid with thecoming of real cold weather, the number will be materially increased.The local shops in the South Parisyards are -working to their full capacity and a number of trainmen wholiave been temporarily "laid off" havebeen called back to duty again.Mr. Ed. A. Tipton, former Parisian,ex-Lexingtonian, and now ot NewYork, and one of the best posted turfmen in the United States, was a Iguest several days Iiis week of hissister, Miss Maria Tipton, and hisbrother-in-law, Mr. D. C. Parrish, inParis.Mr. Tipton came to Lexingtonfrom the meeting of the Grand Circuit track managers, in New York, andafter attending to some business matters in Lexington at the conclusion ofthe visit here, will return to NewYork in time to attend the Old Glorytrotting sale to open at MadisonSquare Garden next Monday.Mr. Tipton stated to & circle of fellow-horsementhat he regards the 1915prospect as good as the average year,and says there is absolutely no foundation in the report that there wouldbe no Giand Circuit meeting this season. When asked concerning the rumor that he would be a candidate forthe presidency of the Grand Circuit in1915, he said:"I am not a candidate receptive, orotherwise, and don't think the position would be offered me. Even if itis I will not accept it, for I have various interests that will will serve . tokeep ray time fully occupied withouttaking up an added burden such asthe assuming of the presidency of theGrand Circuit would entail. Anyway,I expect to devote my time to themeeting in Lexington."Mr. Tipton appeared to be in finehealth and good spirits, and intimatedthat he was always cheered and madeglad by an opportunity to revisit thescenes of his boyhood.Our stock of Dux Bak Hunting- Clothes is the most completethe largest ever shown in a town of this size. TCvAwtfiino- whunter needs-the kind of clothes that are water proof, wind proofaim uiidi prooi. l,ook at our hunting window.Dux Bak Water Proof Hunting Coats $5 00Dux Bak Water Proof Hunting Pants 3.00Dux Bak Water Proof Hunting Vest 2 50Dux Bak Water Proof Hunting Hat i'ooHunting Caps and Leggings.The Shell Vest which distributes the weight of the shells all overyour shoulders. Witch Elk Water Proof Shoes in all heighths absolutely water proof just the thing to wade the branches in.' Come to our store and lay in yonr supply of the best HuntingClothes in the world.Mitchell & Blakemore,IThe Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckyIRONTON HEATERS.9Ni4HHIM9Hi JHBHHI b ... m! !I CALL I! Baldwin's IGive most heat for the least amountof gas. Satisfaction guaranteed.(19-lt) PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.MRS. STEWART'S ADDRESSAlmost everybody in Paris andBourbon County, and most "certainlyevery one interested in the spread ofeducation will be glad to know thatMrs. Cora Stewart, of "moonlightschools" fame' will deliver an addressat the auditorium of the Paris HighSchool on next Wednesday morningat eleven o'clock. The HighSchool and also the county schoolswill be adjourned at that hour so thatall the pupils may have a chance tohear Mrs. Stewart. Mrs. Stewartwill speak to the people of the cityand the county in the interest of thecampaign being waged throughout theState in an effort to stamp out illiteracy. The public is cordially invited.MARSHALL HOMESTEAD SOLD.FORMER BOURBONITE NOWSHERIFF IN CALIFORNIA.After a spirited bidding contest, inwhich a large number of prospectivebuyer participated. Mr. JosephPenn Redmon, of near Paris, becamethe purchaser of the old Marshallhomestead about one-and-a-half milesfrom Millersburg, Wednesday, at theMr. Thomas McNamara, for manyyears a resident of Bourbon County,and a brother of Mr. James McNamara, of East Paris, was recentlyelected Sheriff of Merced Caunty, California, at an annual salary of $5,000Mr. McNamara left here about 1880,and went first to Iowa, where he resided several years, and then went toMerced County, California, where hehas made his home since. Mr. McNamara was a son of the late Mr. Jno.McNamara, who resided in the Millersburg neighborhood.While actins: as Deputy Sheriffpublic sale conductedSpeakes, of Paris, forheirs.The homestead lies on the RuddlesMills and Millersburg pike, and contains 147 acres of land, on which, surrounded by a beautiful woodland, is asubstantially built two-story brick residence. Mr. Redmon's bid was $165 per acreand the closest contending bidderswerer E. R. Little, of ML Sterling;Jailer Jos. Paris, of Paris; Jno. Fisaer,of North Middletown, and Thomas Asbury, of Nicholas county.A lot of live stock and other personalty was also sold at good prices:100 pound shoats sold at $7.00 perhead; pair of mules for $280; pair of9-vpnr-nld mules S312.50: 1 aged muleWe desire to thank the friends and! $11.50; 2 calves $20.50 each; 40 sheepCARD OF THANKS.by Harris & about two years ago he killed a Mex-the Marshall j ican whom he was trying to arrest,1 but on the examining trial was acquitted, as the evidence showed aclear case of self-defense.REFORM SCHOOL BOYS ESCAPE.neignuors who showed us so manykindnesses during the illness of ourfather, Mr. Richard Talbott, and afterhis death. We also thank the Fraternal Order of Eagles, Dr. B. M. Shive,of the Presbyterian Church, andMessrs. George R. Davis and FrankTnsler for floral tributes and theinany other courtesies they extendedus.-MRS. RICHARD TALBOTT ANDFAMILY.More people would go fishing iJhings would dig the worms for theanglersvat $7 a head; bunch of 1,000 poundcattle at $6.80 per 100 lbs.; 13 yearling cattle at $6.30 per 100 lbs.; 1 milkcow at $51.00. Hay brought $18.10per ton, and 200 shocks of corn in thefield sold at $2 55 per shock.30WLING GAMES.Police and county officers in Bourbon county have been instructed tosearch for" the three remaining boysof the seven who made their escapefrom the State Reform School atGreendale, Saturday. Two of theseven were captured near Midwayand two more who were captured inDaviess county, were returned to theinstitution Wednesday."JOKERS" PULL BOX.:1t!PORDressedBroilersDressed HensOystersCeleryCranberriesHeinz's "Mince MeatandDill PicklesThe Lexington team defeated th6Paris team on the Lexington AlleyiWednesday night with about 200 pin 1to the good.Paris will play Winchester at theTewell alleys in this city on nextsd3y night.The ever-blooming "joker" whothinks it a huge piece of fun to pull aolqmi Yrw wns nn Ml e iob TueS-day night and sent in a false alarmfrom Box 23, corner of Eighth andLylesville. The department made aijquick run to the scene, only to find(jthere was "nothing doing," except to jreturn. - ,CountryClubCakesHAND PAINTED PLATES.Friday and Saturday y we will sell$1.00 hand-painted plates for 50cfltt . . - FORD.& CO.witXI:j THANK h till.Special40 SUITSin Ladies' and Misses Sizes,fewest styles and materials,all colors, formerly- sold at$254)0 and $20.00,Jf: .,CHOICE NOW$15.00Alterations Free.ytFRANK & CO.The Store Where ReKabilttyReigns.' - . , ,- ruoscay mgui.".,Tre"t$:r-.-vr-jMtijlMMMtt ,j'Z . ,-t." X' i -' ,-ti y:s:a!g?sjesfe .f-& . - . . . ..&?? r r .. -s v-. ni'S..- ' . 1 . .... r- " r - 1 - ji-i- mr Ti - c v . m'-Cr ?"'- -? .'?.$XOV5 ;i-VJfc,-"'i r."Weuu.1 iitv i -v - -- f - . :- :-.r,UV -I-X.J.-- vr -.-fe."-WTTTi- 1-,B,fa 1 -,,'gZ:.Tfie?Bourb6ri News'.Established 'T&- 32- Years of Con-i tinouuus Publication.1P,4U.SW!fT CHAMP, Ed.tor and Owner.(Entered at the Pans, KFostaffice as Mail MatterSecond Class.)Oue Year. ...$2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, 1.00 per' IdcIi for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Heading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach. Issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisesnnis and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or other-matter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.AW ACTIVE LIVER MEANS HEALTHTf you want good health, a clearcomplexion and freedom from Dizziness, Constipation, Biliousness, Headaches and Indigestion, take Dr. Kind'sTTew Life Pills. They drive out ferjntnting and undigested foods, clear1iie Blood and cure Constipation. Only25c. at your-druggist.Nov.) adv.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)TSip riifrprpnpA hfltwppn mnn anil i-sMBan is that man would rather beT .. ... .-. .. -, ,-wtOl than look ell and woman would j-PriA,. lnnl.- -n-oll rlion lin wall IIt takes the beardless pups to longIcr the Good Old Days. But the OldMen remember those days as a timeen yon got np at 4 o'clock on a coldaborning and lit a candle so you couldvol lard on your boots to soften themid then kicked the toes against thedog irons m front of the fireplace un-,30til youscraped all the hide off youraiiKles getting the boots on.They have had Prohibition in Kan-jsas for a Iontime and Harvey Par-eons, of the Topeka State Journal, saysthat wliile lots of men stagger downthe main streets of that town everycay, the eitizens realize that saidtaggeries are full of Joy and CivicPride, and they let it go at that,.goods to make the trousers.-The Rabbit doesn't know anythinga.l)out Human Nature. If he wouldToar when he rears back on his hind jlegs the .hunters would run and let!him alone. 'More people .would go fishing ifthjngs would dig the worms for the ';asglers. 'When there are three or four chii-!dren in the family Mother doesn'thave to spend much monev on Allxfeae Furniture.v. ; i-j i i ...stiy wiik wuuiu iiu e jjiemo -lspending money is husbands alwaysbrought home the pay they receivedfor the Ovetime when they have to."Work Late.Attacking School System.Small Boy "Father, -what isequinox?" Fond Parent "Whataninthe world do you go to school for?Xont you study mythology? An equinox is a mythical animal, half horse,half ox. The name is derived from theLatin 'equine,' horse, and 'ox.' Dearteie, they ,teach you absolutely nothkig tria-t is useful nowadays!"Monarch of American Tree.The largest tre m the 1'iuted'State's is said to b the "Mother of theForest," a giant retLuood in the Cala'veras big tree grove in California. It"'ie .supposed to contain 140,01 D board-ieet of lumber.Progrew by Blundering.To rr is not only human, it is proKicclro TnVSresslve. Puck.COLDSAn up-to-date remedy forcolds. That is what Perunais. In successful use over50 years.4 Colds are caught in manyTvays: Illy ventilated rooms;rooms that have direct draughts ;crowded rooms: damp houses;stuffy school rooms; offices illyheated.-, - A dose of Peruna at the rieht i muscle bathe 'lt with Sloan's Lini-i:-:.-,. t ca. ...,. 6 r ment. Do not rub it. Sloan's pene-f ' v t e S symptom of J trates almost immdiaiely rjghyt to.cold, before the bones begin to , the seat of pain, relieving the hot,-Tche, before the sore throat tender, swrollen feeling and makine-manifests itself, or the cough, or I the Part eas and comfortable. Get athevdicharge from the nose, just b?ttle of Sloan's Liniment for 25 centsto w-w, juoi. j - ririifffnst nnri havp it in t.hfi'-m.doie or two of Peruna beforejT 1 ,hee symptoms begin is generjj ; : -9Xly sufficient. But after the cold"-, -if once established with theabore fjmiptoms prominent, a' bottle of Peruna, or maybe two,-TswJlJje necessary.1 Tor eeveral years I have beentroubled with colds at each changeofBSason. I took Peruna and have!f-fceen troubled with the alightejt-caM" this entire season." Mr. HarryFisher. 1923 ilosher St., Baltir vr, Md.? '& slve the children Peruna If theyJT-Hhive a cold, and it always relieveszt&vm.' - Mrs. I. X). Hayes, 1937 DruidJK11 "Ave., Baltimore, Md.f v"TThea" I feel a cold coming on I"? tke -JtIttle Peruna. and it does me't9, jut. binaries d. iany, xz waierXL, Oeclningr. 2s. Y.'fo family ahould ever be without""crH.for- lt is an unfailing cure-CCr fllj.MJ Mtm. iii J?. Joneb. r.am 1 !-" fr - -r' - TT.. "Attornev Oscar T. Hintori. reoresent-"a;VII- 7lf VXT f TTi.--, nniM -w4 4 H rkfiled an amended petition in the Eoarbon Circuit Court seeking to recoverthe ca-h surrender value on $40,0(JUlife insurance on the life of Mr. Alex-t ander, and to recover the premiums!paid on $20,000 of life insurance carried( by Mr. Alexander.The netition of Assignee Hmtonmakes Mr. and Mrs. Alexander, theirfour daughters, the Citizens' Life Insurance Company, the NorthwesternMutual Life Insurance Company andthe Equitable Life Insurance Companyparties to the suit.The amended petition states thatMr. George Alexander carried insurance on his life to the extent of $60, OOP.and that at the time that policiesamounting to 540,000 were transferredby said Alexander from his estate andmade payable to different members ofsaid Alexander's family, that Alexander was insolvent. On the remaining insurance policies of $20,000, whichwere originally made payable to members of Mr. Alexander's family, thepetition prays for a return of the premiums so paid on said policies, allegingthat Mr. Alexander, was insolventwhen payment of the said premiumswas made.The policies referred to on which theassignee is seeking to recover the cashsurrender value are as follows:Policy with Citizens' Life InsuranceCo., amounting to $10,000; taken outApril 20, 1905, and made payable toexecutors, administrator, and assigns;transferred on August 8," 1910, as follows: Five thousand dollars to MhsKate Alexander, 2,500 to Miss MarionAlexander, $2,500 to Miss ElizabethClay Alexander. Annual premiumS4R4.S0.u Policy with Equitable Life Insnrancelo., icr o.uuu; tanen ouc reoruary i,wo. payame to nis executors, assigns,-j- c i .. t..i. nn -inrrr a. -etc.; iransierren on ..uiy so, auy, to.Miss Marion Alexander. Annual prem1UH1 b-Ol.Ud.Policy with Equitable Life Insurance! g- amou1n1tin1nQt $r00i0,: tfaken UtI f eoruaP n 19?; Pay"b,e t exc.11", JgJ g lnonuly 1, S&. Annual Diemiam 31 05. poh-c vith Equuabie Life insuranceI Co for $5 Q00 t fe fc December1902 piyab'le to executors, etc.;transferred to Miss Kate Aiexande! oni JuIv 2g im Annual premium $231.05.Pnllv wfth Rnm-,ohlft T.iffi TnsnranPPrjo.. forSS.nnn? tak-pn nut-, nn Dpppiti-. , '-.z. i. . v .ber c5U, 102, and made payaule to executors, assigns, etc.; transferred toMrs. Mary B. Alexander on July 28,1909. Annual premium $231.05.Policy with Equitable Life InsuranceCo., for.$5,000; taken out on December30, 1902, and made payable to executors, assigns, etc.; transferred on July28, 1909,Bronston.to Mrs. Edith AlexanderAnnual premium $231.05.Policy with Equitable Life InsuranceCo., for $5,000; taken out December 30,1902, and payable to executors, assigns,etc. ; transferred on July 2S, 1909, toMrs. Mary B. Alexander. Annualpremium $231.05.L llfe insurance, amounting to$20,000, on which Mr. Hicton is askingfor a return of the premiums paid, areas follows:j Policy in Northwestern Mutual Life. Insurance Co., for $2,500, and madej payable to Mis. Edith Alexander Bronsj ton; taken out January 24, 1901. Annual premium $141.10.. Policy in same company for $10,000,I taken out on January 24, 1901, and pay, able to Mrs. Mary B. Alexander. An-nual premium $564.40.Policy in same company for $2,500,payable to Miss Kate Alexander;taken out on January 24, 1901. Annualpremium $141.10.Policy in same company for $2,500;taken out January 24, 1901, payable toMiss Marion Alexander. Annual premium $141.10.Policy in same company for $2,500;taken out January 24, 1901, payable toMiss Elizabeth Clay Alexander. Annual premium $141. 10.Assignee W. O. Hinton filed his report of the sale of real estate and personal property belonging to the assigned estate of Mr. Alexander. Thereport shows that Assignee Hinton hasdisposed of real estate to the extent of$15,865, and personal property to theamount, of 10.774 Thp nsciempp vp.norts that he has vet on band numherof stocks in divers corporations be-sifes a one-third intprpst in thp Powpy! Grocery Company in Paris, and a one-third interestrn the large tobaccothe Clintonville Dike.warehouse onnear Paris, which are yet to be disposed of.If Assignee Hinton is successful inhis suit for the recovery of the cashsurrender value of the $40,000 in insurance policies and recovers the premiums on the $20,000 in insurance policies paid by Mr. Alexander, the estatewill be benefitted to the extent of some$20,000 to $25,000.IT REALLY DOES RELIEVE RHEUMATISM.Everybody who is aflicted withRheumatism in any form should byall means keep a bottle of Sloan'sLiniment on hand. 'The minute voufeel pain or soreness in a joint orhouse against colds, sore and swollenjoints, rheumatism, neuralgia, sciaticaand like ailments. Your money backif not satisfied, but it does give almost instant relief.(Nov.) adv.Great Things From Little.Great things always come in shoalaof countless little things, which looklike insignificant atoms as we passthrough them, and only seem a shoalwhen we have passed beyond them.Mrs. Charles.Peace and WarrIthath been said that an unjustpeifce is to be preferred before a justwar.-Butler.SUIT TO RECOVERf OWJIFEINSURANCE' BRfcMlU MS-KM. ". 1S- . .yg' . ". -i itlj. "" : .THICK,- GLOSSY HMKU.i " - n FREE FROM DANDRUFF.Try as you will, after an application of Danderine, you will cannotAnd a single trace of dandruff or falling hair and your scalp will not itch,hut what will nleaue von most, will, ...,ne arier a iew weeKs use, wnen yousee new hair, fine and downy at firstyes but really new hair growing 'all over the scalp.A little Danderine immeditely 'UUUU1CO LI1C UCaULJ VJL JUU1 lltlll 1Udifference how dull, faded, brittle andscraggy, just moisten a cloth withDanderine and carefully draw itthroug your hair, taking one smallstrand at a time. The effect is immediate and amazing your hair willbe light, fluffy and wavy, and havean appearance if abundance; an incomparable lustre, softness and luxuriance, the beauty and shimmer of truehair health.Get a 25c bottle of Knowlton's Danderine from any drug store or toiletcounter, and prove that your hair isas pretty and soft as any that is hasbeen neglected or injured by carelesstreatment that's all.Adv.LORD BRYCE ON READINGOnly Literature That StimulatesThought, He Considers, IsWorth Consideration.Lord Bryce, speaking in London ona popular occasion just before thewar, said what the schools and universities ought to do was to cultivatethe habit of thinking. They spent a.good deal of time on reading, especially on reading newspapers, but thatdid not mean thinking. They spent agreat deal of time on business, but agreat deal of business effort was comparathely mechanical and rule othumb.What he meant was something different that they should apply theirminds to questions which did not concern their business, but in which, as Igood citizens and intelligent humanbeings, they ought to be occupied,Public Opinion says.There was a good deal of fiction wellworth reading, but no work of fictionwas worth reading if it did not setthem thinking, and unless it was abook which contained vivid character,reflections and suggestions, whichwere worth pondering over, and pictures of manners of society, whetherof old times or of today. Anythingwhich stimulated their thought wasworth reading. If one cultivated thebooks which stimulated the habit ofthinking one had a source of pleasurethat went on continuously throughoutlife.Gris-Gris, the War Cat.When the Freneh government wastransferred to Bordeaux, and the startof President Poincare and his cabinetwas to be made in automobiles, GrisGris, the president's favorite cat, wasright on the spot and waiting to go,though there was a great deal of luggage and weighty affairs of war to be jthought of. She was irresistible and,her qualities as a traveler being wellknown, she formed a part of the distinguished party.Gris-Gris is a magniPcent-lookingSiamese cat, -who rnderstanus Trenchand knew s her Fi ance well, as she hasoften made journeys with her master.During the past winter she made thejourney with him by train to Nice,and when the train stopped at Cannesthe mayor, on entering the salon togreet the president, was much aston-;ished to find him caressing the purringcat, who had just finished her breakfast of milk out of President Poincare's own saucer.War Makes Changes.A curious coincidence is reportedfrom South Africa, where GeneralSmuts, as minister of defense, is arranging for the defense of Port Nolloth and the copper mines at Ooklepagainst a possible raid from GermanSouthwest Africa. It was in this district that General Smuts himself leda most daring raid in the last weeka ofthe Boer war. He suddenly appearedout of the desert country to the eastat the head of a mounted force andsummoned Ookiep to surrender. Colonel Skelton successfully defended thelittle town, but the Boers destroyedthe railway that connects it with PortNolloth and did some damage to blockhouses. A relief force from Port Nolloth raised the siege and a few dayslater the dashing Boer leader himselfappeared at Port Nolloth. to join in thenegotiations for peace.Jews Number Twelve Million.In the .hole world there are approximately 12,000,000 Jews, of whichnumber Russia still has considerablymore than half. The Jewish population of the United States Is about2,700,000.No Life Is Wasted.No life is wasted in the great worker's hand. The gem too poor to polish in itself we grind to brighten others. Philip James Bailey.But He Thinks He Is.The man who calls his wife Xantippe isn't necessarily a Socrates.Boston Transcript.REMARKABLE CURE OF CROUP."Last winter when my little boy hadcroup I got him a bottle of Chamber'ain's Cough Remedy. I honestly be-'eve it saved his life," writes Mrs. J.i. Cook, Indiana, Pa. "It cut thehlegm and relieved his coughing!.peas, i am most gratetul for whatthis remedy has done for him." Forale-by 11 dealers. - -(Novo r . . adv.i&iiiriiivuivMuemjmRft a iia . - - 4 ' - - .fcRHagi v. -f FT & o2 "-'-'"'1- "mkmmm-. --- . T. 5 . - j- . -XT . 'ff- . , 1-' -- l w i- , t . . i T":motki rrvrrr, sm kMBiVH l"Ilt TT HB- WJKTv feVft C AU.ikBTvX T0 "fc.wt&wviero. -j.wp.iYtrflvv?." .y&$K vmu . MTurrI ftf, I AVk3 X-iiC iwyf -x-y V7Aal Baal 1 v 11 --ri I ?:?k. "sott .j- i7V7 jh . .T 4 aT t Hl TS VKvISarrAySSNS.V-. r?J MJ WmWSftWaTOSWSlHBBBWy . "rSr -- '-.' 'i,vmlAntii0m 5ar"--- I t s-VlE.l'rr.ELMr l irSi ... ..'. r....'....''....fcr- wl mw! i: ',w t.9jSRRSfK-5sgs5ft5 -.- -if fcra 1 u.4 'BJji . IK-.' "" ..f ll'H (I'J II !Hirl V .j- i. - ' " 'JFwr V -ff hwl1 ii 'Jsaaasaii inAsr-j m' f vciven otfor ail by Cabin."For d.iily use in millions ox kitcLcas I.proved that Cahm.ct id highest not only .qjiniy but 1 1 leave:::?" faicr as well ufailing in results pura to the extreme anwonderfully economical H ver Ack yot:grocer. And try Calumet next bcke d;;Received ffckest AwardsWorH'ii PureFood Eipo'iuoaChicaso. IllPan Exposition, France,Marcb.The Modern Woman.'She is an extraordinary woman,you know. She paints, plavs, rideshorseback, -boxes, plays foot ball,and is an aviator. It is too badolfIfknew how to darnshould marry her."myown socksj The party with the-limited vocabulary often talks longer than the manwho is a scholar.There are a whole lot of 10-cent menin the. world who have grown roundshouldered from carrying a $10,000life insurance policy.Now Wi"Thedford's Black-Draughtis the best all-round medicineI ever used," writes J. A.Steelman, of Pattonvilie, Texas."1 suffered terribly with livertroubles, and could get no relief.The doctors said I had consumption. I could not work atall. Finally I triedand to my surprise, I got better,and am io-day as well as anyman." Thedford's BlackDraught is a general, cathartic,vegetable liver medicine, thathas been regulating irregularities of the- liver,, stomach andbowels, for over 70 years. Geta package today. Insist on thegenuine--Tliedford,s. E-70W h solved o-c illfSJ4 tW' VlX ?kSI Yea don'l saye morey vlien yon fcny ctc: or b'g-caa II bakins pwder. Don't be uiskd. Biy Calumet. It's 1I more ccossn:lcaI more wtolesame gives best results. 1I Caloicet is ar supenor to scrr nuik and tSk.fcgr-ivMlhelp them. Only 25c. at your 'Druggist. :lirrrii n u nlja.w p v vNever yarp,Crack,Roi Curl or; Burrt-uk wooa .onjngiesThey can be laid right over an old wood-shingle roof without dirt or bother, and they make it stormproof and fireproof.5 They're inexpensive. For particulars addressHAWKINS,Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props. fTelephone No. 4. West 5 Street )BourbonVVParis Kentucky.P"When ther- lo I urnMen's thoughts turn to the problem of heating duringthe coming cold season. They figure to get the mostheat for their money.Try Fox Ridge CoalDodson & DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St. Both Phones t 4 0m&GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRfcCIOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEB.BOTH'PHONES DAK 137; NIGHT 399.8 Pans OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedjto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.1Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.:DON'T DELAY TREATINGYOUR COUGH.A slight cough often becomes serious, Lungs get congested, BronchialTubes fill with mucous. Your vitalityis reduced. You need Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey.It sootUes your irritatedair passages, loosens mucous , andmakes your 'system resist Colds. Giverme-rar-Honey. .It's guaranteed tore u imiLEzrtm. w v HLitnn?fiMillersbprg, Kentucky.We Take Pleasure. ftin "oing up the finest shirt- Wvaists or anything in th kjjllaundry line. That is whavmade ihe Bourbon Laundr ifamous fo- fine work and it vdever goes bfcck on its repi.- Wtation. If you are particular jflabout how your linen i- mlaundered, vour custom is tl.r wkind we want as we like toappreciatee.&aLaundry,&-Leaves1Cleaning Co. tJuickly relieves Ithonni'titjn. Soto Muscles, lieuralcia. Backache, lleadiche tsrall ciia3. our nnnov back if it fails toieT3 anr ache in anv Dart of the bod .fifteen njinntes time.Jfric 50c, A.t All Druggists.Tree atapla nd olroaUr seat oa tequaM.BOtABOM 1EMEDY COMPANY.342 East Main St, LwiMtMrKyom$iHiBegin $iic,Trap -y..t-MH- vr.. c. m' ..;.. w'. i. ' tst - j 3f x ., .- l ?." ."'m v.-"-". . . - muiW -i-,m".? t-"'' Vv&S'"- . 4 2J-' ,3?&r-v1 Z, i v"- -"5-WW" V- -, r4".W . v '--v --" jh -i . -j i :- -..i -. '"-?v",f T -3" - v..rt w- aPIPM ;v XVr , . T ,T.-?.',Tjii. r i ."- " ; rff st$r--k z. -.r x.i'hjnaf' Jeteivarat MiMheA&m&'.jki!totiBMmm&.i fc.wc3&f .-T fc5SWwl5nG-is. "wcx;"s?J', s.t (ki. .aw-r1 .-STvi: t-..-aifir5Lis'''"pr?,v,-j!. rcr 'js-wu.Ea-1-u v.j-s'i --t ,s.t3' -" yi25-,Sk K3&J -&r?-3r '? & c - Srit-m ' r m .h soa -r . it7 jw-" -i t . t . -. . .-fT--g; . ....-,..., gfgggggjg' : ii if" ;tisbl fi grit vm ---r - r A -.tj fffyS7 f?wiftira?-'"-rw3.i. -p-A HA NH ,, -, Pi Btal- .? fc m.1 'it'. II v iji iW - S A I .& vavw t w IJL A--" k- i-inii-1 Iinil HLflU.-rUi and Shade Trees, Shrubs,Grape Vines, Rhubarb, Asparagus, Peonies, Phlox,Roses, Etc.Lverything for Orchard, Lawnand Garden.No Agents. Tree Catalogs.H F8Lexington, Kentucky,.1 :inCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite Attentionfiot and Cold Baths at AHoursI i Long Waits.A Share of the Public Palronage Solicited.. -- Mifew Barber ShopCorner Fourth and MainModern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORLJProfessional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones) eE. T. 334.Home 334.ResidenceDK. A. KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and o, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentuckjJ. S. Waliingfurd, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,oncs31 PARIS, KYX J WHiIAAMS,) ATTORNEY-AT-LAWOffice, Basement of Court House.Baiilc Row Entrance.CANCER CUREDoHI EI! guarantee every case I un- j painted. Hot and cold baths,dertake; 20 years practice; ref- J j Cutting of children's hair a specierence, any citizen of Paris. ialty.T No long waits at our shop. YouDR. WM. R. SMITH, J are invited to call.Paris, Ky. - ioc rrDDIll---....-.aa. A IV T V TNOTICE.I will not be responsible after thisJate for any bills charged to me, except upon my written order.E. W. CULBERSON,November 16, 1914. (17-3t)tFor Sale.Xo. 2 Radiant Home Heating Stovegood as new. Also a good combination writing desk and book case.(17-3t) KID STOUT.LOST.A lur Collar, between Drs. FithianI- m Daugherty's office and winiere.fweiry store, Monday aoout xu a. m.Leave at this office and receive regard. For Rent.ottage on Vine Street, Apply toJOHN T. HNTON.. 3-tf)For Sale..- ,- 17 ,.5 ' ' LT-'--i .wrs-ftswr--.-. -iss- . .-i -naur -zr.sr.x-?40,000 AUSTRIANS BURIEDINuitAVhJ FOUR MILES LONG.AMSTERDAM, Nov. 17. TMi eNieuwe Rotterdanische Courantquotes a letter from a Galician prieststating that 40,000 Austrians havebeen buried in one day in a grave sixand and one-half feet wide and a little more than four miles long. Thebodies, the letter says, were laid nextto each others in three layers. Thesemen were killed, it is stated, duringa battle lasting only a few hours.3,000 KILLED IN HOUR.LONDON, Nov. 17. The followingstory of the wiping out of 3,000 Germans comes from a wounded soldierfrom the Ypres front:"The fighting at Ypres was terrible.For forty "hours we fought foot tofoot with the enemy, employing everyresource of infantry and artilery."On Sunday, a regiment of 3,000Germans attacked our position. At adistance of 300 yards our artilerySopened a terrible fire and mowed themdown. They recoiled but reformedand returned. They again reachedthe 300-yard mark and again recoiledand reformed."With only a third of their originalstrength, they advanced again. Ourofficers ordered us to hold our fireand let them advance. At twentyyards the order came to 'let themhave it.' We did, and the Germanregiment ceased to exist."In less than an hour 3,000 men hadbeen exterminated."THIS SAYS GERMAN LOSSES 100,-'nnn tnt nniTD Vovwv J.1X ruun. iJi. i oLONDON, Nov. 17. Telegraphingfrom Dunkirk, France, the correspondent of the Daily Mail says:"There was heavy fighting aroundI Ypres Monday. The casualties werej large, but that battle resulted in exj cellent progress for the allies.'.'The German casualties are estimated at 100,000 in the last fourdays."WANT QUEEN AND WILSON TOINTERVENE.AMSTERDAM, Nov. 17. The Handelisblad prints an editorial headed,"Is Intervention Possible?" in whichit urges the co-cperation of the Queenof the Netherlands and PresidentWoodrow Wilson of the United States,in using "this psychological moment"to offer mediation by these two neutral nations."Since in three and a half monthsthe people of Europe and Asia havebeen drawn into a war of which theoriginal issues now have been forgotten," says the -editorial, "future idealresults are impossible. The war isfast degenerating into a purposelessconflict calling upoi- all the worstpassions of all the nations.JUST WAITING FOR THE WORDWASHINGTON. Nov. 17. Effortj by the United States to bring peacei to Europe still are awaiting a timej when one or more of the big belligI erants indicate a willingness to acI cept mediation.This became known authoritivelyto-day from persons who have latelyI discussed the European situation withPresident Wilson,i The President's position is thatthe United States, having already ini a formal way, as well as informal way,shown its readiness to act as an intermediary, should now await the initiative ui. tuts ueiiigeiitiiLa. xit; x.eeisthat the American government bypressing for peace might get in aposition where its ultimate influencei lu LI1U.L eiiu uuiu uc xiii yaii cu.- 4-1-a rf-T itlrl Y i V 1" 1 1 rt 1 1A ModelBarber Shop4--CHAIRS-4Expert and polite Barbers.All the latest requirements and sanitary equipments that it takes to makeia modern shop. Newly papered andrfc j:: . . r i r"- ' - -- - - -rOpposite Fordham Hotel.(17-lmo)For Sale.Complete outfit of carpenter toolsand blacksmith tools and all necessary things to operate a shop, belongingto Mrs. Mary Small. Inquire atJOHN AYERS'Barber Shop.Notice to CreditorsAll persons having claims againstthe estate of J. J. Peed, deceased, willpresent .same properly approved to meat Millersburg, Ky. All persons owingj estate will please call and settle,j RUTH E. PEED,Administratrix.Estate 0f j, j. Peed, deceased.i majFound at Last.The Electric Dry Cleaning Co. isthe place to have your clothes clean-ed and pressed. Old suits and overl coats made to look like new. A trialJ-will prove this to you. Ladies' silkland fancy dresses a specialty. All1 work called for and delivered by wag-. on. Alteration and repair work of allkinds neatly lone.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.,T. A. Cahal & C. C. Applegate,WASHINGTON, Nov. 17. Positivethat the Mexican people can workout their own destiny, the Administration is rushing its preparations toeliminate all traces of American domination in the Southern republic.Despite the wild rumors of impending anarchy, President Wilson andSecretary Bryan believe it is certainsome kind of a compromise agreementwill be reached by the opposing Mexican leaders.And if the worst comes to worst it, which merely force a passagewayis declared certain that one, or at j through the bowels, but do not thorthe most, two general battles will ougly cleanse, freshen and purifydecide which of the factions now these drainage orgacis, and havo noessaying power is to control pending effect whatever upon the liver andthe restoration of real constitutional stomach,government. I Keep your insides purt and freshRealization that presence of Amer-.with. Cascarets, which thoroughlyican troops in Mexico is a source of cleanse the stomach, remove tUe'unirritation, caused the order for the digested, sour food and foul gases,,troops to leave Vera Cruz by Nov. 23. take the excess bile from' the liverBoth factions have protested againstkeeping the troops there.Before this action was taken Secretary Bryan conferred with the representatives of Argentine, Brazil andChile, who conducted the U. S.-Huertamediation.They agreed that the Mexicans have !been "coddled" too much. women take a Cascaret now and thenThrown on their own resources and never have headache, Biliousness,and forced to organize a, stable gov- severe Colds, Indigestion Sour Stomernment, it was believed that the ach on Constipated Bowels. Cascarresultant crisis would develop the ets belong" in every household. Chil-!reai Mexican leader, and mat out orthe present chaos orderly governmentwould come.Just who is to receive the morethan $1,000,000 collected in customsreceipts at Vera Cruz will not be decided for the present.Late yesterday Secretary Bryan received guarantees of recognition oflfa" lB " a J? "iULlu" U1(Americans and other nationalitiesfrom the representatives of the AguasCalientes convention. Similar assurances had already been received fromCarranza.Avpp.ka. arp nnhhclv nlpdepd to restorelxiv. buiciumcuL iu "ic pewpic ui xcvico; to recognize rights of foreignersunuer international regulations, anuto rule the country with a view to expediting the substitution of civil formilitary rule.There is only one thing which couldcause the United States to interfere.That would be a wholesale massacreof foreigners by either of the cbntroling factions.STORY OF U. S. IN MEXICO.April 9, 1914 Tampico incident,officer and crew of Dolphin arrested .by Mexicans. .April 10 Admiral Mayo demanded 'apology salute of 21 guns, refused byHuerta.April 14 Entire Atlantic fleet sailed for Mexico. IApril 20 President Wilson askedCongress for authority to use armedforce. 'April 21 American troops landedand fighting began at Vera Cruz.April 23 Gen. Funston and armyregulars ordered to Vera Cruz. iApril 24 Vera Cruz completelyseized by Americans.Sept. 15 President Wilson orderedV1S8TAND SEE. , xav.mw.xo, uuc .Bed Bug in a class bv inmseltwhich is believed certain to triumph cmsumer whenever Produces.ill lUVIv."iUl UilllUS WlLIllU LlltJ Uli.vL ItJW fjI M : nBBkBTI C tt: aBLb1 I II . II II m--l mmM I lMO.V Zrzttt I-VUIIM B ,'!' BB8 a?rll rll ii4r4I WBSmWJ' SiMnJUL m JmmKKk fS V J aill HI WwW'wmMm u 8vriimmmmmm wtmfSLJmkW f I I mml fpTf P ill lUEilRI IfejauiWe FurnihplieHomeiompIete -:""WHILE OUR SALE LASTSAnything You Need For the Home, or, For the Holidays, We Will Be Glad to. Set thPieces You Buy Away and Deliver When You Want Them. - .1'i-J"'jixiJawjjuauA i nrirjTaJnrf, -lj.evacuation &bt Tefa- CruzTbufr ordersuspenaea. - - rNov. 13-T New order for evacuation-of Vera Cruz-on Nov. "23 promulgated."y .. -10 CENT CASCARETS -' IS YOUR LAXATIVE.J For Sick Headache, Sour Stomach,Sluggish Liver andBowels.Get a 10-cent box.Put aside just once the Salts,Pills, Castor Oil or Purgative Watersand carry out of the system all theconstipated waste matter and poisonsin the bowels.A Cascaret to-night will make youfeel great by morning. They workwhile you sleep never gripe, sicken,and cost only 10 cents a box fromVour druesist. Millions of men anddren just love them.(adv)Grateful Suburbanites.Towne "Do you make your cookpay for what she breaks?" Suburbs(in amazement) "Make her pay? Ishould say not! Why, every month,'besides paying her salary, ve rewardher liberally for -what she didn'tbreak!"TIip. Nnr.innlist.s liavfi flisr.nvp.rnd nuse for the Sparrow. This leaves theas a I Ji 9nnnnlp. nlvnvs tnlrl tlm truth thare 3u i- " i. n ,i t,.. .jnere would be a hospital at eachstreet corner.HUiMkUAUiICKNE5il3 1 MlNothing has everequaled or comparedwith the medicinal fatsin Scott's Emulsion toarrest the decline, invigoratethe blood, strengthen thenervous system, aid the appetite and restore the courage1 u. 1 K1-ui ucucr iieaiin. nScott' EmuMon is Apure hosdthmhuiidm ft3Ing food, withoutalcohol or opiate.TRY IT14-410SWHAT YOUam 1 I EOGet the New Process Gas Range to DoYour Thanksgiving Baking ; Also, NewProcess Gas Heater.TheA Big Reduction in the Price During Our 10 DAYS' SALE.WHEELER & CO.,.-"3- -V -NOWIS THE TIMETo Bay Yonr Fall and Winter Shoes. :a j- 1 V1 f-LFcld's Shoe Store,!On'MainlStreet; Between Sixth end Seventh.WALTER MARTINNEW LIVERY STABLE!New Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. . Special Attention Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.Horses Boarded ByHauling of Every Description -Done.ness a Specialty.Our-stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streeplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS.Stables Eigth St., Main St.a JCAN SAVE BYKind That Will Save YouItaiMHPMWMBniMMHNnMKr ;?:-at '.,i , i &JlJglrfgiR-c-"The only thing youwant to know is the shoestore that sells the moststylish and most reliableshoes shoes that lookgood and are good andgive you satisfaction inevery respect. This shoestore isERNEST MARTINDay, Week or Month!Transfer Busi-Both Phonesk l 1.BUYING-,3a6L rzLL : ."ft-3- .-n -5VMoney. '-sV-Srv:irrzrt ,, f rt---'"CA'-',,.i .-2-i .-" -ry -i--,j? s-s ,- S.T v- - .- r - -3fz:--" 'SC --- jt I'--'."-?v ?-:- Xfa- ?"r-"ruJJjZjT' --a -Z -Sf-StXj3, -"" :7Jyp -j-ffL'f' . "t -jJiv -tV 'st-"", ;-,-r7 y-o.-- j.f &rAt"e -ssar -vt--e hZt'''5rfr,V3I 627 Main Street, Paris, TXy.v ? . Etlp!1 lUltCHJVIl ...V V-Jte roiirt Holieri.-, r. . '- t--' yy .&te'j&3 '' .&.. .CU& iGtZV tzzjwvti ttr - 'rr, ft -- . x--: xrr-fs: rj?z &z ijjaxxrztett & & - ,- . . - t. - stzlasSffi 5fe, V4QbKSSSW -stvsr-r- . i : -& -"fe a- J&'Z? :Jsrrasfi&Zi: ZL. ; .-i&f &:mmmj&&Aur&tr&sr2P'ssg"r14-"."1cThe Bourbon NewsEstablished S3 132 Years oftinouous Publication.Con-CW1FT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.nilL(Entered at the Pans, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)THEATRGALOne Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance. -Published Every Tuesday and FridayREGARDING COMMUNICATIONS.The Bourbon News has been in receipt of a great many communicationsupon divers and diverse subjects, andit has been unable to publish any of.them for the reason that our columnshave been so crowded with paid forwork that there was no room forthem.In this connectioncjt is well to saythat we have received many communications ostensibly intended as newsmatter, but which were really nothingmore than advertisements. These-were promptly consigned to the wastebasket, where all similar productions-will be sure to find their way. Country papers have been made the burdee, bearers of designing individualsand grafting corporations and schemers of all kinds long enough, andThe Bourbon News has kicked out ofthe traces, and refuse to be longerbridled and saddled.home a few miles out from Lexington.The young couple have a host offriends in this city and county and inLexington and Fayette county; whounite in wishing them a happy andI prosperous married life' Mr. C. M. Hurst, of Paris, andMiss Anna Belle Merz, of Lexington,were united in marriage in Winches-1ter, Monday. The groom, who is an!I employe of the Louisville & Nashville !railroad, in the capacity of locomotiveengineer, is a native of Jackson county. He has resided in Paris for several years. The bride, who is thedaughter of Mrs. B. B. Southworth, ' The Trey O' Hearts" Second Inof Lexington, formerly resided in stallment "White Waters" The firstParis, but for about two years has j installment of "The Trey O' Hearts"lived in Lexington with her mother. t0& the story of two men. One, Trine,immediately after me ceremony me , iiates Law for an imaginary wrong,DEATHSThe Columbia Theatre, Monday, November 23rd.couple left for Paris, where they willmake their future home.CLARK HOPKINS.Rev. Carl Agee, pastor of -theLittle Rock Christian Church, officiated Wednesday afternoon at 2:30o'clock, at the wedding of Miss AnnaD. Clark, and Mr. Emmett D. Hopkins, both of the Little Rockneighborhood. The wedding was solemnized at the home of Rev. Agee.The young couple nave been neighbors and sweethearts for many years,both having lived in the Little Rockneighborhood from their early childhood. The groom, who is a well-knownand prosperous young farmer, is a sonof Mr. Richard P. Hopkins, one of thebest-known farmers in Bourbon County. The bride is a daughter of Mr.James B. Clark, of Little Rock, and ista handsome and attractive young wo-and when the latter dies, the vengeful man swears one of his twinsdaughters, Judith, to revenge vher father upon Law's son, Alan. Rose,the other twin, has learned to lovei Alan without knowing him as her father's eneiuy.The second installment of "WhiteWater" of "The Trey O' Hearts,,shows Alan alone in the woods, lacking food and all equipment. Judithhas meanwhile gone to her camp andsent one of her Indian guides to trackAlan. Feeling himself followed, Alangets more and more nervous. FinallyI lie slips over the side of a cliff andfalls into the water. Judith, fishingwith the second Indian guide, rescuesthe young man and has him taken toher cabin.S" v ? 4-1 tv "r4 -oi r4-r" 4- r-kP 4-1 o ivuo wi. mc uwi, jpe olcixu yji. "man, whose many graces of characterclass is a concern doing business Titiave endeared her to a large circle of"Washington under the name of an information bureau. This concernseems to think the country papersought to help it vent its spleenagainst the "British Money Trust"and "Free Masonry." The News has noscore to settle against either institution, and the "information bureau" iskereby notified that its communications are promptly dumped in thewaste basket.largefriends.Mr. and Mrs. Hopkins left after theceremony for a bridal trip to Cincinnati, and upon their return will reside with the parents of the groom,near Little RockTDUDLEY SPEARSThe marriage of Miss KatherineKenney Dudley, of near Paris, and Mr.Claude W. Spears, of Fayette county,was quietly solemnized yesterday afternoon at the residence of the officiating minister, Dr. O. R. Mangum,pastor of the Paris Baptist Church.The only attendants were thebride's brother, Dr. William KenneyDudley, of near Hutchison, and Mr.i Eldred S. Dudley, of Covington, andj Mr. Russell WSpers, of Lexington,'brother of the groom.I The bride is the only daughter ofMr. Barnett Winters. Mr. Templin Mr. and Mrs. J. Ambrose Dudley, ofwill devote his time to manual train-' near Hutchison. The groom is theNOVEMBER "EVERYSTUDENT."The November number of "Everysludent," edited and published bystudents of the Paris High School, isin every way, fully up to the highstandard of excellence shown in theformer issues.There has been one change in theeditorial staff, Mr. Landen Templinbeing succeeded as editor-in-chief bylng. With this exception the generaleditorial staff remains the same.The principal features of the current issue are contributed articles,"Thanksgiving Day" and "Jeanne'sLover," by Evelyn Friedman, "Theeldest son of Mr. and Mrs. William L.Spears, of near Lexington, who is awell-known and wealthy turfman.The groom, who is also interested inturf matters, is a young man of manysterling traits of character, and is aBook of the Dead," by Robert Lavin; '.prosperous young farmer."The Part the Commercial Depart-; The gride is a tall and stately youngment Plays in the High School," by j woman, and never looked lovelierJulia Fitzgerald, and a comprehensive j than in her tailor-made suit of bluereview of "Athletics" by Hiram chiffon broadcloth, with French hatAdair. "Jokes" and "Smilets" form I to match. She carried a huge bouan amusing duo in the mirth-provok- j quet of yellow chrysanthemums.ing line. The whole publication is aj After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Tery commendable and praiseworthy , Spears motored to Lexington in the-effort. I groom's machine, and left over the' 10 : 30 Cincinnati Southern train forHOUSEKEEPERS. 'an exteded bridal tour in the South.i On their return they will be at homeGet the New Process Gas Heater ( to their friends in a beautifully ap-aad Range the kind that saves you pointed bungalow in. Mentell Park, inmoney and work! j Lexington, for tLw winter. In theA. F. WHEELER & CO. j spring they will move to their countryWIDOW HORRIBLY BURNED.Mrs. Mary Flora, widow of the lateMilton Flora, of the Myers neighborhood, in Nicholas county, met a horrible death Tuesday when her clothing caught fire as she was taking apot from the open fire place. In spiteof the heroic efforts made to save hershe was so horribly burned that deathensued at eight o'clock Tuesday night.Mrs. Flora was about sixty-fiveyears old and very stout. The attending physician stated that with the exception of her ankles, where theywere protected by her shoes, and aportion of the spine, the skin was literally burned from her body. Mr.Milton Flora has been dead about tenyears, and Mrs. Flora lived alone,with the exception of a child whohelped her about the house.The funeral services and the interment were held at Mt. Olivet Wednesday.HAND PAINTED PLATES.Fridav and Saturday we will$1.00 hand-painted plates for 50c.(It) FORD & COEXAMINING CHAUFFEURS.Messrs. W. R. Rice, of Louisville,and W. R. Meyers, of Columbia, StateInspectors, were here yesterday conducting an examination of automobilechauffeurs of this city and county.The examination were held at garage of Prichard & Ball, on Pleasantstreet. Under the new law chauffeursare required to have a license andwear a licensed numbered metalbadge. Over thirty licenses andbadges were issued here.The Naturalists have discovered ause for the Sparrow. This leaves theBed Bug in a class by himself as aCinsumer who never Produces.;DESHA.Hume Desha, brother of Mrs. AdaRice and uncle of Mrs. Henry Caywood, died at a Cincinnati hospital,Monday. Burial took place in NorthMiddletown, Wednesday.BRAMBLETT.Mr. Henry Bramblett, aged 27years, a well-known young farmer ofNicholas county, died at his homenear Carlisle, Friday morning, afteran illness of about a week from diphtheria. He was a nephew of Mr. J.W. Bramblett, of this city.HARRIS.Ms. Jasper M. Harris, a prominent real estate dealer of Cincinnati,and a brother of Mr. L. D. Harris, ofthis city, dropped dead in front of hishome, in Cincinnati, Sunday afternoon. The remains were brought toParis for interment Wednesdaymorning, the funeral services takingplace at the grave in the Paris cemetery, conducted by Eld. W. E. Ellis, ofthe Paris Christian Church. The reamins were interred on the family lotin the Paris cemetery.SNYDER.Mr. William E. Snyder, a native ofthis county, from where he movedsome years ago, died at his home inLas Animas, Colo., a few days ago,after a lingering illness of cancer ofthe liver. He was a brother ot Mrs.Chas. H. Rice, of Mt. Sterling. Mr.Snyder was well-known all over thissection, where he had many familyconnections. He was a prominentmember of the Kentucky Society ofCalifornia, "which is booming the Kentucky exhibit at the San FranciscoExposition.BROWN.Mr. William Brown, aged sixtysix years, died at his home near Ruddies Mills, Sunday evening, from theeffects of a stroks of paralysis he recently sustained. Mr. Brown was abrother of Mrs. Louis Mussinon, ofthis city, and of the late Mrs. MollieBrown Owsley, of Ruddles Mills. Thefuneral was held at the residence ofMr. Brown's brother-in-law, Mr. Edward Owsley, in Ruddles Mills, Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock, the services being conducted by Elder Ammerman, of the Cynthiana ChristianChurch, ,and the burial followed in thefamily lot in the Ruddles Mills cemetery. The pall-bearers were Messrs.James Smith, Blanton Speakes, Chas.Hough, John Craycrat't, Edward Owsley and Edward Speakes.GREGORY.Mr. George Gregory, one of thebest known older inhabitants of Paris,died at the St. Charles Hotel, in thiacity, Wednesday night, after a longillness of a complication of diseases.Mr. Gregory was about 64 years ofage, and was born in Ireland, fromwhere he came to America when avoung man.When the Civil War broke out, Mr.Greogry, who came to Bourbon countyto make his home, cast his fortuneswith the "Lost Cause," and enlistedas a member of Co. C, Fifth KentuckyCavalry under Capt. Harry Bedford,in Col. D. Howard Smith's regiment.After proving himself a worthy andgallant soldier, he was captured in theOhio raid and imprisoned at CampDouglao, where lie remained until theclose of the war.Mr. Gregory is survived by one son,Mr. William Gregory, of this city.Another son, Mr. Thomas Gregory,died .several years ago.Funeral services will be held at theCatholic Church, this morning at nineo'clock, conducted by Rev. FatherEugene DeBruyn, follovd by the interment in Paris Catholic cemetery.The nail-bearers will be: Frank Sul-i livan, Dan Jordan, Malachi Flanagan,sellttIt:41EmbryC&Co.3., . ' cylnnounce TheirReadiness to ShowNew Winter cTHillinerjrEspecially Designed ForWeddim;s, ReceptionsanTheatre WearEntirely new effects trimmed with fur,paradise, plumes, goura and other handsomenovelties.A distinctive feature will be the greatvariety of styles shown. In all this collectionof dressy" hats no duplicates wil be seen.Embryo C& Co.oMain Street, East -j Lexington, Ky.0J. A. Galvin, T. C. Linelian, .JonnMai Ian ey, Nicholas Connell and .t. T.Doyle.ELGIN.Atler an illness of several weeksfrom Brights' disease and paralysis,Mr. Jeff G. Elgin, Sr., died at his homeon Walker avenue, Wednesday nightat nine o'clock.Mv. Elerin was a native of Scottcounty, and came to Paris when quite ja young man. tie was an e.peit accountant, and for many years held aresponsible clerical position in thelocal freight office of the Louisville &Nashville railroad (then operating asthe Kentucky Central Railroad) andalso held many other positions of responsibility in other service of theroad.Mr. Elgin later on became a member of the Paris police force as apatrolman and served four years as IChief of Police under tne aumimstra- jtion of Mayor John T. Hinton. tiewas an efficient and fearless officerand served with credit to himself andto the city.Mr. Elgin had a host of friends inthis section, all of whom will learnwith deepest regret of his death.Mr. Elgin was sixty-one years oldand is survived by his wife, Mrs.Anne Redmon Elgin, and two sons,Mr. Jeff C. Elgin, Jr., of Paris, andMr. Joe Elgin, of Chicago.The funeral services will take placeat the residence, on Walker avenue,at 2:30 o'clock this afternoon,conducted by Eld. W. E .Ellis, of theParis Christian Church. The burialwill take place in the family lot.The pall-bearers will be: DanielIsgrigg, Jas. Moreland, Thomas Rice,Wm. Thomas, James Hukill and W.F. Talbott.lig " ff ftji tit n immni.Mnninf! Wolf, Wile & Co.!ijtormeriy Jfaufman, Straus c Coexmgton,ANNOUNCEA SALE OF EXCEPTIONAL GOOD .yTAILORED SUITSAT$19.75Values $25.00, $30.00, $32.50.and Sizes.All ColorsfNow Goirig On.All our highest priced Tailored Suits,Evening Dresses and French Blousesoffered at big price reductions.areRare Opportunities inWinter Coats -at $5, $10 and $15Fancy" mixtures and solid colors; Balmacaan, Ripple and Belted styles. Colorsare black, navy, bJown, gray" and green.WOLF, WILE & CO. 1Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.TLexington, Kentucky''''''4&i4'iv ,HHv,H'ANDY. DALE AGAIN IN TROUBLE. COTOBERHONOR ROLL OFCUNNINGHAM SCHOOL.In Judge January's Court, AndyDale, colored, who has figured prominently in the police annals of Paris,was held to the grand jury on acharge of striking and wounding withintent to kill.Dale was arrested on a warrantsworn out by his wife, who allegedthat he hit her on the head with thebutt end of a shotgun inflicting a se-!vere scalp wound.During a fight at a colored picnicat the Paris fair grounds some monthsago, Dale, who was a by-stander, wasshot in the side.Lucy Howard 94, Gertrude Lvkins.04, Glenn Price 02, Ruby Brooks 91,Herbert Lykins 92, Lillian Howard 91William Taylor 90, Emma Fuller 92,Nelly Jones 92, Jesse Fuller 91, EdnaDavis 91, Ruth Brooks 91, MayeFrakes 93, Susie Davis 91, ElmerSons 91, Nannie Johnson 91.HOW TO SAVE MONEY.Buy a New Process Gas Heaterand Range, fromA. F. WHEELER & CO.THE 'PRUDENTMAN"HASA FAT,TURKEY AN DAA FAT BANKACCOUj1WbT ;QKaBu -iWmWimmSSkJL 1 ' ' Jl ' ' ul i JIB JLmmmmmfflmMM sQiJSIBSSSmTkstmfflaBmi&iiumm&imzzm&i,8LILtfffJPENTMAHv" ?v -.4K- -s? -v- 'VI f .W HmfmGARLAND STOVES.Call and inspect our line of gasstoves and ranges.(19-lt) PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.FIRST SNOW OF SEASON.The first "real" snow of the presentwinter fell yesterday morning. Perceptible flurries were swept along bythe wind, and soon made its presence Jnanifest by heaps here and there,-eminding one' of the "promise ofhings yet to come." Ice formed oniie creeks and ponds, and is was al-ogether a winter day.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.If there were not so many girls in, Jaris with R. S. V. P.. eyes, therevould be fewer "mashers" on the' street corners and other places.The one and only way to get a fat bank account is iSTMIT one and continually FEED it.It is easy to spend money when you have it in yourpocket. Money once foolishly spent is gone forever.When a man works hard-for his money HE and HISfamily, are the ones who are entitled to it.Wh gets the money YOU earn with you work: or inyour business ?Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.OEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPITAL .$150,000.00SURPLUS 20,000.00STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY. . . . 150,000.00Prelection to Depositors $3SO,OO(k0ar ,r ...,& aWT tn r - r- i- i-. -. . .. u-c Dcurunu, rresiaeni. s ,C. K. THOMAS, Cawhltr-ry--- 'a.a.-1 !'-"Xjt'--r"" Z"fX.ft.THE ;SQU RBON ., NEWS iPARISKENTUCl NOVEMBER W 191' t v - W'R--j&&:t;-- ' 1&VsS -,tf?K&SiHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADECOUNTY TAX DUE.The county tax listsare now ready. Payyour taxes before December 1, and savethe six per cent, penalty that will attachan all unpaid taxesan that date.W. r. TALBOTT,Sheriff Bourbon County.CUT GLASS SPECIALS.Choice or any cut glass tumbler inhouse Friday and Saturday, 50c.lit) FORD & CO.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.The villian and the heroine bothv,ent "Over Niagara Falls," in nveparts, last night at the Columbia.YOUR TURKEY. -If you want a nice Thanksgivingturkey let us have your order,lit) C. P. COOK & CO.CHURCH SUPPER.A supper for the benefit of the distiict schools of Loradale and OldUnion will be given at the Old UnionChristian Church to-morrow night.SCHOOL BOX SUPPER.The pupils of the Rednion Schoolvill give a box supper in the schoolmaiding to-night at 7 o'clock. Theproceeds will be used in the inmprvejjient of the school room.CUT GLASS SPECIALS,Choice of any cut glass tumbler inhouse Friday and Saturday, 50c.lit) FORD & CO.FOR THE BELGIANS.The Ladies' League of the CatholicChurch will give a box supper and entertainment at their hall, on Highstreet, on Friday night, the proceedsto be donated toward the relief of thesuffering Belgians.Admission,?scents.BEATEN BISCUIT.We have nice ones at 10 cents perdozen.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.DAUGHTERS OF CONFEDERACYTO MEET SATURDAY,Richard Hawes Chapter, Daughtersof the Confederacy, will hold theirregular meeting at their room in thecourt house, to-morrow afternoon, at2:30 o'clock. A full attendance ofmembers is desired.'RETURNS FROM CANADA.Mr. Clay Kiser, who has been incharge of the steam plows on thewheat lands of E .F. Spears & Sons,of Paris, in the Saskatchawau region,in Canada, for three years, has return-'ed to Paris. Mr. Kiser is a son ofMr. Jeff Kiser, of this county.CHANGE OF LOCATION.iOn or about January 1, 1915, thegrocery firm of N. A. Moore & Co.,which is now occupying the Sauergrocery stand on Main street, will Imove to the storeroom, one door be-1low their present stand, lately used as ja drug store by Chas. E. Butler j& Co. IiUP AGAIN!jTh first, of a series of meetings tobe held in Kentucky under the,. , . . . si -r -sO2A- 55 Pfiniil inn nrnhAn.ifWrf& mm ML UN PrHh MBtmmmmj kuuuiniuispices oi tue ium-saioon league, in ton, anu iurs. uenmuc omvui.. -.the interest of the nation-wide j Worthington has been attending Circampaign for prohibition, will be held j cuit Court.ul uie court iiouse in mis ciln , uuluesday eveninc, November Z4. non. i ber nome in rornxown, luumua, vCULouis Albert Banks, of Ohio, will be nesday morning, after a protractedtl.o snpniwv ' vi-ait. to her daughters. Mrs. A. M.JPARISIANS TAKE NEW POSITIONSMr. M. S. Glass, of Lexington, has very ill of typhoid lever at the Masthe services of Mr. "Teddv" sie Memorial Hospital, in this city, iorsecuredBlount, lately connected with T. C. jLenihan, as manager of his store. iMr. Luther Hall, formerly with theParis Gas & Electric Company, leftesterday for Indiana, to superintendim electric light plant now being installed at Alexandria.SUGAR AT LOW PRICES.Granulated sugar, 17 pounds for $1cash, if you purchase $2 worth ofother groceries.TQM GEORGE,Dow Building.NIMRODS GO TOPOWELL COUNTY.For the next ten days Powell county will be the abiding place of a congenial party of Bourbon county sportsmen, who will go into camp for ahunting and fishing vacation. Theparty is composed of Messrs. ThomasBuckner, Brooks Clay, EdwardSparks, Ray Cunningham, E. F-.Spears, Ray Cunningham, E.F. Spears,Jr., Willis Goodman, Clay Gaitskill,Ed. Slattery, David Johnson, WalkerBuckner, Ben Woodford, Wm. Woodford and Cal Haley.ATTENTION, ODD FELLOWS.Bourbon Lodge, No. 23, I. O. O. F.,has received an invitation from Cynthiaua Lodge, No. 127, to meet withthem to-night, to meet the Grand Master and other Grand Lodge officers,and enjoy their hospitality. Specialarrangements have been made withthe L. & N. Railroad Company to storhe (5:20 p. m. train at CynthianaThe committee is anxious to knouT ow "many will go. Make report tcTudgevE. B. January in person or caLmm over'eiiher phone.Readers of the Bourboniauws win conrer a favor ifthey will call No. 124, bothpiiones, ana telephone us anyitems of news they may learn,particularly the coming andgoing of visitors. If youhave guests, show them thecourtesy of giving their namesto our paper.Mrs. C. J. McLear has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Lexington.-Mrs. James Woodford has as herguest, Miss Elizabeth Luttrell, ofChicago.Miss -Belle Hoi son has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Maysville.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Riser and lit-(tle daughter, Nancy, are visiting infoweii (jounty.Miss Julia Erdman. of Lexington .is a guest of Miss Mary Kenney Web-!ber, near ParisMrs. A. M. Steifrater, guest ofParis relatives, has returned to herhome in Augusta.Mr. Lloyd Ashurst, Jr., andClaude McGinnis are on a huntingtrip near King's Mountain.Mrs. Margaret Sullivan, guest ofMrs. Edward Burke, has returned toher home in Lexington.Mr. J. B. Graziana, of the ParisIce Manufacturing Co., has gone toCovington spend the winter.Mrs. Z. F. Elkin has returned toher home in Winchester after a visitto her uncle, Mr. James Haggard, inthis city.-i i .! I ,, ,..;ii t". ii."Mr. Dan W. Peed has gone to iland sales to be held y lii ulGovernment-Mrs. Frank Harp, of this city, wasa guest several days ths week of Mrj. JJohn P, Walker, at her country home ,near Georgetown.Mrs. Dan L .Moore has returnedto her home in Harrod3burg, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Charlton Alexander, near this city.Mrs. Harry Clay entertained witha dinner party Tuesday evening, ather home on Duncan avenue, in honorof Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Hinton.Mrs. Lucinda S. Gosney, of Menzies, Pendleton County, was a guestof her sister, Mrs. Maggie A. Day,from Saturday to Tuesday.Mrs. H. H. Hancock and daughter,Miss Frances, who have been in Savanah, Ga., .attending the U. D. CConvention, returned Monday.Mrs. L. C. Steenbergen is in jHuntington, West Virginia, visiting trelatives. Mr. Steenbergen, who accompanied her, returned Tuesday.Miss Patsey Clarke, who has beenattending school in Lexington, has arrived to spend the Thanksgiving hohdays with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Walter Clarke.Mr. and Mrs. John J. Rednion,Mrlir liavo Iippi-i visitinc Mr. and Mrs.Thomas Helm Miliary, in Louisvlle, Ireturned vesterday to their home in 'j North Middletown.Mrs. J. Frank Clay entertained ,with a buffet luncheon at her home, .("Oakland Farm," on the wmciiester'pike, in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Oscar 1j Hinton. ,i Mr. Edward Spears, son of Mr.and Mrs. Woodford Spears, has gone jto Newport News, Va., where he will jenlist in the service of the Unitedstates in the navy. jMrs. Harriet Minaker, the popu-lar visiting nurse, lias returned tromCincinnati, after spending the weekend with friends at the City Hospital, jwhere she obtained her valuable train-1ing. jMr. Fred Batterton left Saturdayfor San Francisco, from where he jwill sail to-morrow tor Manila to as-jsume charge of his position as U. S.Inspector of Fibers in the Philippine,Islands.ir. ana Mrs. E. L. Worthington,of Mason county, were the guests this 'au-lweek of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Reming-! . T -v T -I (-.,. .l. Cmnnl- "vTviis. u. u. wcju.i ..v. . .Hamilton and Mis Gladys Overmeyer,on Mt. Airy avenue.-Mrs. W. T. Redmon, who Has been ;the past few weeks, is now sufficiently ,improved to be able to return to herle on tlie JacKstown piKe. i-Mr. and Mrs. James G. Metcalf. .who were recently married at Knox-ville, Tenn. , will go to housekeepingin the L. & N. property on MainStreet. Mr. Metcalfe is Master ofTrains for the l. & n. Railroad Com-;paiiy ncie.Miss IzmaThompson's guests,Mrs. Sam Steele, of Ashland, MissMarv Dowd. of Richmond, and MissJEtta Mae Land, of Shelby ville, Ind.,who spent a most delightful week! enjoy the finest kind of a perIJTSLfan JS formance. The ffr eat est.handsome hostess near Little Kockhave returned to their homes.The News takes Dleasure in nub-I t.viii'nn fVio frkllnwinf nrmnimeementliaiUJlQ HIV. .w .. ...0"With pleasure we announce aThanksgiving Dance, at the PhoenixHotel, Lexington, Ky., Thursday evening, November 26, 1914. AdmissionOne Dollar. Prentice Slade, CarrolDale, William Walton, Layton Thompson." Miss Sheridan, or St. Joseph, Mo.,was the guest of honor at a charminglea given Wednesday atternoon byMrs. W. M. Hinton. at her home onrvDress street. Mrs. Hinton was as-'listed in entertaining by Mrs. WalterClarke, Mrs. D. S. Henry, Mrs. Connorand Mrs. William Bryan. The visitors' cards were received at the door')v little Miss Elizabeth Henry, andthey were escorted to -the receiving jline, composed of Mrs. Hinton, MisselSheridan and Miss Janie Marsh.The hostess received her guests inthe library, which was tastefully decorated in white roses and smilax. Inthe dining room, which was artisti;sally decorated, a delicious lunch was.erved. Mrs. W. O. Hinton "and vMissHattie Clark presided over the din-ing room, where about fifty guestspartook of the hospitality.Mr. Clarence KenneyMias gone toLondon, Ky., for a hunting trip.Mrs. J. P. Hanley, of Louisville,is a guest of Judge and Mrs. DenisDundon.Mrs. Percy Reed, of Richmond.was a visitor to relatives in this cityjyesterday.Mrs. Tolliver Young has returnedfrom a visit to her mother, Mrs.Hawkins, in Lexington.Miss Elizabeth Beasley has asguest at her home near Clintonville,iuiss iNeiiie Grey, of Maysville.Mrs. John Yerkes, who recentlyunderwent a surgical operation in aCincinnati hospital, has returned.Miss Dora Lorie, who has been aguest of Mr. and Mrs. Harry Simon,has returned to her home in Marion,Ind.Mr.' and Mrs. Eldred Dudley, ofCovington, are' the guests of Mr. andMrs. J. Ambrose Dudley, near Hutchison. Mrs. Bismark Frank was hostessto the Ladies' Six-Hand Euchre Clubat her residence on Broadway yesterday afternoon.Mrs. Yutaki "Miuikuchi and littleson and Mrs- Buckner have takenrooms with Mrs. Custis Talbott, onHouston avenue.Mrs. William Burchfield, who hasbeen a guest of her sister, Mrs. HenryA. Power, has returned to her homein Greensburg, Indiana.Mr. and Mrs. Walter Meng willentertain at bridge this afternoon, attheir home near North Middletown,in honor of Mr. and Mrs. CalvertMeng.Mr. N. A. Moore, of this city, who,in company with Dr. Moore, of Cynthiana, lias been on a hunting trip inBracken County, has returned to hishome in this city.-Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Hackett anddaughter, Miss Mary Hackett. of Win-?p Mrs" Maggie George, oft, h p gUG3tS SUnday Mrs"James H' Porter'Mr. Ed. Eales, who wa5 for along time connected with ths Powo.Lrrocery Company, in this city, andwho is now traveling for the Arm andHammer Soda Co., was a visitor inParis several days this week.Mrs. Amos Turney was a guest ofMiss Anna Coleman Van Meter, inWinchester several days this week.On Tuesday afternoon Mrs. Turneywas a guest at an informal afternoontea given by Mrs. F. B. Wentworthin honor of her niece, Miss CatherineEdwards, of Dayton, 0.Carlisle Advocate: "Mrs. RudolphDavis, of Paris, came in Saturday tospend ten days with her mother, Mrs.M. E. House, while her husband is ona hunting trip in the mountainsMrs. H. Mf Taylor is a guest of rela-tives in Pans Mrs. John Clark, ofParis, is a guest of Mrs. Thomas H.Pickerell."Late reports from the sick bedside of Mrs. Allie Sidener, widow ofthe late Mr. Wash Snider, of Paris,and who 'is now residing with herdaughter, Mrs. Bun Brown, in Columb,us' 0hi. state that she has been atthe- Pmt of death for several days.On next Friday evening the Bour-Don Dancing Club will entertain at. flip.Masonic Temple with a ThanksgivinDance. The Wright Saxophone Trio,0f Cleveland, Ohio, will furnish themusic. Since the close of the sura-mer season and the act that so many0f the society dancers have been atschool, there has been a decided lulljn this form of social diversion, andthe forthcoming dance will no doubtbe legally attended.(Other Personals on Page 8.)Is- jS-"A,J' . Mb-iiS:rrrnJ'Sd'ruu.iStay at homeand go to the theatreSounds funny, doesn't it?Yet that's exactly what youcan do when vou own aVictor stay at home andsingers, musicians and comedians in the world are atyour command, and youcan arrange a program tosuit yourself.Stop in today and get a Victor forvour home. Anv style Victor ($10 to$100) or Victor-Victrola ($5 to $250)you prefer on easy monthly payments.The cost o a few theatre tickets amonth will pav for the permanentenjoyment of the Victor.DaughertyBros'..-m, -Ifvl lH7?v fyiS 4y'rr-- n.WJ-'tY T.rb . ' -ir:ws A-"'VfA B?vN Yr ' ' ?. u'U Lz-'J ,S" t"NV JnTHE 1EST HEATER ANDRANGEGet the New Process Gas Rangeand Heater, from the leading stoveman.'A. P. WHEELER & CO.FOR SALEHandsome Antique, Solid Mahogany Wardrobe, claw feet. Photo of,same will be furnished on application, jAddressTHE BOURBON NEWS, I(tt) Paris, Ky.For Rent,House of five rooms on Vine street,adjoining home of Attorney W. H.Whitley. House is being fittedthroughoutply to(20nov-lt)with natural gas. Ap-J. T. HINTON,Paris, Ky.Modern Home For Sale.We have for sale a seven-room, twostory residence, located in first classneighborhood. House has bath room,two halls, three porches, gas for heat,light and cooking, sewer, cellar, smallstable, poultry house and coal house.This house is nicelj arranged for twofamilies if desired. 'Possession willbe given on or before March 1, 1915.See us about this place at once theprice is right. Cash or terms to suit.Apply toHARRIS & SPEAKES, Ag$;.,(19nov-3t-pd) Paris, Ky.Turkey MoneyIYour turkey money youryear's hard work, can beinvested to a good advantageby going tothe Closing OutSale ofThe Cincinnati Store,where you can buy Clothesand Shoes for the wholefamily at half price. Give usa call and satisfy yourself.win rt1Ufa uiii wB, FRIEDMAN, Prop.I:::iI With Erery Roll" T 'mumFREEWe Are Giving Absolutely FREE aAlutninumThislWare is theMcDOUGALL is theTHE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking-Ambulance-Wood MantelsMcDougal Kitchen Cabinets. m Poster Bros. Safety Cribsj, -a''- -The Clarke's Remedies.We now own all the patents an d copyrights of the late Dr.Chas. J. Clarke. Dr. Upington will continue to put up these reliable remedies under the original Clarke formula, and we willhave them in stock at all times.Among the best known are Clarke's Nerve Ease, Clarke's Tonic, Clarke's Face Powder, Parisine Cream, Clarke's Tooth Wash,and Clarke's Cough Medicine.Also the following Poultry and Live Stock Remedies: Clarke'sLimberneck and Roup Remedy, Clarke's Liquid Poultry Tonic,Clarke's Gape Remedy, Condition Powder for Stock, and Clarke'sHog Remedy.We want to supply these preparations to their many old friendsand know they are deserving of new friends. We recommendespecially Clarke's Nerve Ease for headache, and neuralgia, andClarke's Limberneck and Roup Remedy for Poultry disorders.These preparations have all been thoroughly tested and havetproven their merit.Your prescriptions accuratelyThe Ardery Drug Co. fClarke'sfr'II'Ie,i'friM.I,I,gM3'Ii,,I,I'TThomas.& BryanI4t55FIRE, WIND AND LIGHTNINGINSURANCEON TOBACCOPROMPT SETTLEMENTS.4jIIIlFront ItlcDongal"THJOTMrmimniri jr-fM.jiwg r.rkr- uri ivery highest grade,best Kitchen Cabinetft QiXoffeMPMy '-Percolator IH WWSMStKi Roundy iLUTK& ptBoUDle fe Roaster'.rfilled.Old Stand.!Woodford fAND BARNS.ttt-i-TTMt yp giKitchen CabinetSet of ThisWareand you know the i?manufactured.FREEy.V-T'lK'.'-t: 'ffi V3g rTS1- -M59K&3S" -jj-j'ir;r "v - 5-"'".r-? 5--f. -4S . ii Jt ""i. u- , . rv,- .!-TS&?5r- vi-.i-- iij-'W KiSKw-1 xi55toMSrLiA-fM "" -"lT-fiS&-G;rw--J c.- "-v's-,tfjMDiaarBmiiii 2fl; ,is:,3 -2&& TfK' 'SSBifiS-jSWPP CBBr -3I4"AUCTION SALEWINTERS'In order to raise cash immediately, I must sacrificemy stock, except diamonds,REGARDLESS OF COSTOR MANUFACTURING PRICE.(AuctionTWO SALES DAILYBuy YourXhristmas Presents DuringSave Money.Mr. Jack Spaudau, the Able Auctioneer from New York,will conduct the sale.1"SiiIIli"i,3,I'IXlIs It Worth Insuring?Ask us to give you therates. We give especial attention to all farm business.Try us. Call 36 or 171 day,56 night.'tftFf " V V ir V "i V VIHOW IS YOUR 1!TOBACCO? I-w -.HCertainly?W. 0. HINTONih--I &? THE NEWFBRM.M4H4Mf.;ls2:i ATRITIOIDo You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit Jewellits Sieves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Eitimates Freely Given.- Try Us.J1 SPKEflftGILGHRISTELKS' BUILDING.& PhondOl l 9:10 pm -V 8-15 p m j jj LT5u'nYenlence' Be sure you get the -PariJ Every jconvenience.i Pros-corner of Fouth and High Struts, anS 3miVl4MIMtMlliix!: iSlJ i2if cnlJ '? m. j opened; read .aHd answered Jy 1 senume - -V - 5? invlt-to, taipect soliciU the patronage ofthos.Trt. r3Btl, MiMMIIMMM MUOV Daily except Sunday.; .,V : di.JU g i. &M!b? $Mir - i-iwib iu a "vu n m - enn i r.v "-' "'-' "; TT.it. iu .cptnnnD i-oofro n?n r. --.. co o cina n vn- -j i o i . .s . .. vr .ATNow Going On! I2:30uggSJaaydlJEWELERS & SILVERSMITHS.OPPOSITE COURT HOUSEWinter TouristRatesRound trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily from Oct. 1st. 1914. to4. April 30, 1915, to all principal touristf points in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,g Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico,4. Texas and Havana, Cuba, ivit.li finalt, return limit May 31, 1915," with very4, nuevai stop-over privileges. Also low. j round-trip Home-Seekers tickets tojjj, points in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana4, t and Mississippi, on sale first and thirdj Tuesdays of each month, with finalX ' return limit vf teen days from date ofsale. For further information, call onJ. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.t' PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.LVe. Court House.Lve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m6.40 p m7:10 a m7.45 a m8.15 a m8.45 a m9.15 a m9.45 a, m10.15 'a m10.45 a m11.15 a m11.45 a m12:05 p m12.45 p m1.15 p m1.45 p m2.15 p m2.45 p m3.15 p m3.45 p m4.15 p m5.15 p m5.40 p m6.05 p m6.30 p mCity Limits Only.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p mLeaVe Parlafor Lexington6:45 a ji7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 am9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:20 p m!S:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m5U5 p m11:00 p inIJtiAND 7:30 P.M.::!the Auction andDynamite.Dynamite, inestimably more nvwer-i ful than gunpowder, is formed by soak-ing a solid absorbent substance withj nitroglycerin. The best absorbent mai terial is found at Hanover, Germany,i and is known as "kieselguhr." Whendried it is a white powder and is &aidto safely letain more than thres tunesits own weight of nitroglycerinThe lad who sits around all dayand regulates his watch has the excuse that he is improving his time.Some people are born with too muchPush andtoo little Ambition. That'sthe reason why there are so manywheelbarrow chauffeurs in the world.The fellow who leaves his wife veryoften when he is alive seldom leavesher much when he dies.Ey Lydia E. Finkham's Vegtable Compound and WantsOther Suffering WomenTo Know It.Murf reesboro, Tenn. "I havewanted tovrite to you for a long timeto ten you what yourwonderful remediesnave UUxit? Xvf Xiltj Jwas a sufferer from 't . . 1 ihave done for me. Iiemaje weannessand displacement Iand I would hav !- ciii ,vi ,.-v.w. wxu, nuiu uutfeelings, sick headaches and dizzyspells. Doctors didme no good so I triedthe Lvdia K. Pint-ham Remedies Vegetable Compoundand Sanative Wash. I am now well andstrong and can do all my own work. Iowe it all to Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and want other suffering women to know about it "Mrs.H. E. Maben, 211 S. Spring, St, Murfreesboro, Tenn. 'This famous remedy, the medicinalingredients of which are derived fromnative roots and herbs, has for nearlyforty years proved to be a most valuable tonic and invigorator of the femaleorganism. Women everywhere bearwilling testimony to the wonderful virtue of Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound.Wliy Lose Hone.No woman suffering from any form- -- J5 uuui ui'JT iVllllT frtWlA 4-W.S.Vfc lv .vis .KasU 1 -1, j. icjuaic uuuuicb buuma lose nope un-fll.cVia Viae rrlmm T i'n "El "K-1.1W. W..W mmrnO gITW. J-JllO. j. X 111X1.1X10. 3j Vegetable Compound a fair trial.' K yon want special advice -write to1 Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. teonfl."'ouc utu kjvcu xjvuia sh. irinKnnm'adcntial) Lyiin,3U8s. Your letter willMRS. MABENWAS M1E WELLvfTI i?1 1 yY I f y&.Sfc , w - ", if- j-tfiMPORTANTrOFT - .-.'. -?--- r.-. rHEALTHY- KIDNEYS.Paris Readres Should Learn to Keepthe Kidneys Well.The kidneys have a big work todo. All the Wood in the body iscoursine: through the kidneys con-1 stantly to be free of poisonous matter, it is a neavy enougn tasK wnenthe kidneys are well, but a cold, chill,fever of some thoughtless exposure islikely to irritate, inflame and congestthe kidneys and interrupt" the purifying work.Then the aching frequently beginsand is often accompanied by some irregularity of the urine too frequentpassages, sediment or retention.Thousand testify to the wonderfulmerit of Doan's Kidney Pills, a remedy for the kidneys only, that hasbeen used in kidney troubles fiftyI vears. You will make no mistake infollowing this Paris citizen's advice.Mrs. Ida Huffman, 115 Mam street,Paris, Ky., says: "We think Doan'sKidney Pills are just fine. We willingly confirm the statement we gavesome years ago recommending them.I suffered from pains across the smallof my back. Seeing Doan's KidneyPills advertised, I got a supply atWilson's Drug Store and gave thema trial. I was very much pleasedwith the results."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask tor a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Huffman had. Foster-MilburnHo . Prons . Buffalo. N. Y.ApvLUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)After a Princess has had a quarrelwith her Steady Fellow she will makea light lunch off ice cream and cucumbers and imagine that the painthat results comes from a BrokenHeart.The old-fashioned boy who wastaught to respect old age now has ason who believes that there is nofool like an old fool.It is a good plan to advertise. Butthat is no reason why a girl shouldscream when she is being kissed.A man's wife usually finds him outlong before his sins do.The dear girls enjoy a hearty laughwhen they see a lot of men in a sackrace. But this is because the girlscan't see themselves when they arechasing a car and wearing a tightakirt.DESPONDENCYDUETO INDIGESTION.It is not at all surprising that ner-xsons who have indiKesmon becomediscouraged and despondent.4Here area few words of hope and cheer forthem by Mrs. Blanche Bowers, Indiana, Pa. "For years my digestionwas so poor that I could only eat thelightest foods. I tried every thingthat I heard of to get relief, but notuntil about a year ago when I sawChamberlain's Tablets advertised andgot a bottle of them, did I find theright treatment. I soon began toimprove, and since taking a few bottles of them my digestion is fine " Forsale by all dealers.(Nov.) adv.Personal Ambition.Personal ambition is a quite honorable motive. The desire for approvaland praise is something which nobodyshould despise. But a man should notstake everything upon those; otherwise, when his works fail to obtainlecogmtion he is disappointed. Heshould have in himself as his primarymotive something which makes himindependent of those things, something which prevents him from doingall those little things which impedepublic work, and make it difficult formen to work with others Sir EdwardGiey.Nicknames of Prize Fighters.There was a time when nearly everyprominent piize fighter had a nickname more generally used by admirers than his real name, and some ofthese were picturesque. WilliamThompson, who won the championshipin 1835, was known as Bendigo. TheAustralian mining town was named after him, and although some of its inhabitants managed to have it rechristened Sandhurst, the new nameneer caught on.Keeping It Up."Shortly after the death of one ofEngland's great poets pne of his devoted admiiers 1s1ted the little village where the poet had lived and died.The stranger entered into conversation with an old man. a native of Hiar - 'vlIlage remarking sadly on the deathOf the HOet. "Avp. nvp" answurod flia,, -,--, ,v..v. .nv.old man eilcouragingly; "still I mak'no doobt but the Wlfe'n carry &ousiness onPatience.How poor are they that have notpatience! What wound did ever healbut by degrees? Shakespeare.BREAKS A COLD INJUST A FEW HOURS."Pape's Cold Compound" Ends GrippeMisery Don't StayStuffed-up.You can end grippe and break upa severe cold either in head, chest,body or limbs, by taking a dose of"Pape's Cold Compound" every twohours until three doses are taken.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages in the head,.iups nasty aiscnarge or nose running, relieves sick headache, dullness!feyerishness, sore throat, sneezing,soreness ana stmnessDon't stay stuffed-up! Quit blowinga- .-w.w " wiuuuuig'"linn fl Yl T .n V 1 r. mm 4l- . m ."ca,u miiumg eiae iu nit? wona gives-" i'- w.i o x a,uc o i.niuprompt relief as "Pane's HnldCompound," which costs only 25 cts.at any drug store. It acts withoutassistance, tastes nice, and causes no"nconvenience. Be sure you get thegenuine.iv ' r- v?.uvjsV" ., ' .-Jxr J-- r r -v r 4sr5'2it, j-vs - t.. V - . J . IJ.MISSED! The 2:301What else has he missed?AN OPPORTUNITY!C. Perhaps he didn't know the train time, his watch was wrong;C. If he had'had a phone he could have learned the train schedule; hecould have learned the correct time.C And in nine cases out of ten he could have telephoned and savedhours of time and not missed that opportunity. .G The telephone in your house brings order into your life.Find out about our service today.Che Paris Rome telephone and telegraph v(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.aurAREJallComplete.KIRSCHBAUM GUARANTEEDCLOTHES$15.00 and $20.00Other Values $10 00 and $12.50.Shoes $2.50 to $5.00. Full Line ofBoys' Clothing. Give Us a CallTwin.Clothing and Shoe Department.L. WOLLSTEIN,SLProp.O 9 CO'YUlOMTIft' " -. VKINDLYTwiiBios. DepanmenSeventh and Main Sts., Paris, KyHandsome R e s idence For Sale.My residence on ML Alrv is fnr'CHAS. B. HARRIS, Caster.JLiinesNOWrFallAnnounce-,mentAll the LatestFall Styles inDress Goods,Dry Goods,millinery, tc.We Can Please YouBargain Prices.CALL ATExpert CarriageBrosPainter. Q&Mr. Percy Hahn, the expert Car- tJtriage Painter, who has been Omploy-ed by Holiday &'Sttle, and also their foutucaaui, mr. j. xu. necK, ior tne- v..yE s.-Vi- JN.j.Jir-iJ? -".;?.- - t- j ewwrsfflae a -- ' r- -. v- zriyT.J-JTNv--a2KB3?S5X ic-5 ,r- -a."P.& VSNM fTBT -"x M-J --. B"H - r BTI "" v .JumM. w -M rOlMf XFlNllnnix liilM f - nnlll liriDl.'r-?- - '. JPWJbVR, IIHII I fllwII .til Iff IIIv .-- Tt .,. -M fill I I f HlU JIIIIJbmn tvtnnb buwnaiBoilsBiliousnessMalariaConstipationDr. Kerens Golden Medical DiscoveryuPerhaps this case raay be similar to yoursJ. Wcslev Tilly of (.Box 673,) Sclma, CaL, writes:Gentlemen: "It gives me much pleasure to be ableo send you a testimonial, if by its reaching somesufferer our medicines will do as much for him as theylave for me. At the age of fourteen I was troubleda preat deal with malaria and biliousness, accompaniedvth the worst sort of larce boils. I was persuaded byraw parents, who have always been strong believers inDr. Pierce's remedies, to try the Goldea MedicalDiscovery. I took one bottle and the boils all disappeared, but I did not stop at one bottle, I took threend the malaria all left me and I have had no moreboils to this day, thanks to the 'Golden MedicalDiscovery' for my relief.'Following an operation for appendicitis two scars ago Ix?a3 troubled very much with constipation and I have beentrjinjt Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Purgative Pellets and they haveid me of the troublesome gas and ba c aided me in conquerrs the whole trouble; thanks again for the Pellets' and forJie advice I have obtained from The People's Common SenseHcaical Acviser. oena oniy m cents ior tnis iuus page book.for over forty years hasbeen lending its aid to justsuch cases as this. In ourpossession we have thousands of testimonials of likecharacter.Perhaps you are skeptical,but isn't it worth at least atrial in view of such strongtestimony? Isn't it reasonable to suppose that if ithas done so much for othersit can do as much for you ?Your druggist will supply you inliquid or tablet form, or you canBend 50 one-cent stamps for a trialbox. AddressDr. T.M. Pierce, Baffalo, N. Y."Iiousands of people keep -coughingyise unable to get the right rem-Coughs are caused by Inflamma-. of Throat and Bronchial Tubes.r zX you need is to soothe this Inflation. Tako Dr. King's New- overy, it penetrates the delicateous lining, raises the Phlegm andcJy relieves the congested niem-es. Get a 50c. bottle from your,:ist. "Dr. King's New Discovery iidy and completely stopped myh" writes J. R. Watts, Floydale,-is. Money back if not satisfied,. ,t nearly always helps,i ov) adv.Kind and Generous."Are you kind and generous towardyour neighbors?' asked the uplifter."I should say I am," replied Mr. Crosslots. "I let 'em listen to my phonograph every evening and never charge'em a cent."For War."I should think amateur Mainehunters would be very valuable in anarmy corps." "Why so?" "They getso much practice shooting guides."Chic Combinations of Velvetand Lace and Black orContrasting Colors.THE GAY TOUCH OP ,ARTIFICIAL FLOWERSNEW YORK, Nov. 18.With flufty flounces and full skirts,of materials light and airy, the evening gown of the season seems sparkling with gaity and life. Flounces oflace, chiffon or fine net are tastefullycombined with velvet, thus givingwhat might have been heavy a delicate touch.Cloths of gold or silver are strongfeatures of the season's novelty fabrics. These are entirely differentfrom metal cloths which we have previously used; they are warranted notlo tarnish and are as light as silk andas transparent as chiffon. On gownsof shell pink the silver is most at-SyiNmBell TelephoneBulletinsll&rWWfcHa&gS.' &?Sr'L& W &Clofhof&ofd .lusedorflkeSsec-.pink panne velvet, which divides inthe bacl "theJower protion extendinginto a sash. Thet,sleevesand flounceson the skirt are of the shimmeringcloth of gold.The artificial flower is a feature ofalmost every gown. It adds the noteof contrast, the brilliant touch thatgives zest, or the depth of characternecessary to the successful completion of any gown.These flowers are made of silk andvelvet in colors natural or unnatural.The important thing is not how nearto nature they can be made, but tohave the color contrast which tells,on the dress it is to be worn upon.Roses made of cloth of silver and tiedwith streamers of dull blue picotedged ribbon are worn at the waist ofdress, with bodice of white satin having a brocaded velvet pattern in hazypink, green and dull blue, and skirt ofpink taffeta, which was caught up onone side by these roses, making oneTQX.ltfW.,f illJE!,- '-KEITUCE Y WOMAI, SUFFERER' .-- - ViEI -; " '"- - - "-:. v- "STOMACH ILLS, QUICKLY REST01OMrs. Belle Hawkins ifses Mayr Remedy "Never Felt Better InMy Life."il THE INTRICATE MECHANISM7 he switchboard the most in'ate and interesting adjunct of"a telephone business ;is divided-r.it sections and there are usuallyire operators' positions in each:ion. An operator sits at eachotion. and from this point cantgcIi the line of every subscriber-n the exchange. However, only ajlm.ted number of subscribers' answering jackets terminate in front4'f each operator. This causes it to"e possible for an operator to connect a calling party with any number on the switchboard, but shean answer the calls of only a fewsubscribers. "Whenever a new section is added to the switchboardit 5e necessary to run the wires andconnect tlie line of every subscriber into the new section.Sometimes subscribers fail toanswer their telephones promptlyand when they do answer it theoperator says "Number, please,"if the calling party has grown impatient and hung up his receiver.Only one operator can answer youwhen you ask for a number, butany operator at the switchboardcan ring your telephone bell. Ifan operator has a rush of callsthose on each side of her confe toher assistance and a supervisor isalways at hand to help her out.The work of the operators is interesting and fascinating and iswell worth a visit to our exchange.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYINCORPORATEDL. & N. time-table:EFFECTIVE OCTOBER 18, 1914.TRAINS AR RIVE FROM'4 Lexington, Ky.f Daily Ex. Sunday 5: 23 a. m.4 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5:30 a. m.- Cynthiana, Ky, Daily Ex. Sunday 7: 35 a. m.7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday . 7: 38 a. m.1 Rowland, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:36 a. m.l Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:40 a. m.7 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 9:40 a. m.12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:10 a. m.Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 10:15 a. m.Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 12:00 m.1 Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 3:15 p. m.'' Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:26 p. m.Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:28 p. m." Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 5:45 p. m.Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily Ex. Sunday 5:35 p. m.Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday '. 6:18 p. m.. Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:30 p. m.i Lexington, Ky., Daily .- 10:35 p. m.' 1 Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily : 10:40 p. m.TRAINS DEPART FOR! Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 5:35 a. m.Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6: 20 a. m.- ' Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday v 7:45 a. m.J Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily Ex. Sunday -. 7:45 a. m.7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:47 a. m.4-7 Lexington, Kv., Daily Ex. Sunday 9:43 a. m.)' Knoxville, Term., Daily 9:46 a- m-Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:18 a. m."" Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10:20 a- m-Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 12:05 p. m.' J Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 3:30 p. m.' Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 3:35 P- m-Lexington, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6:00 p. m.A Rowland, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6:02 p. m.''- Cincinnati, Ohio, Daily 6:35 p. m.Lexington, Ky., Daily 6:35 p. m.h Maysville, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6: 30 p. m.1 Lexington, Ky., Daily .10:47 -p. m.1 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 1:48 P- m-TV- m& c nTTynfe cdflha Jk MvroMV wmmmmUkTRAINS ARRIVE FROMFrankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7 : 38 a. m.ankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 5:50 p. m.TRAINS DEPART FORside of the dress preceptibly shorter ! get it."than the other.An entire dress oC cloth of sliverwould have been cold indeed, without the addition of a brilliantly shaded pink rose worn just at one side ofthe square Dutch neck.Black ni al the suitable fabrics ismade into gowns for evening, andwithout the aid of the popular flowermight he dull, indeed.Paris set the style of not wearinggloves with evening gowns and so wehave taken it up and the gowns aresleeveless and worn with the armsand hands bare. It truly is sensible,not to say economical. But whngloves are worn ethy are more oftenwhite than colored, and noly the woman in mourning wouiu wear uiaciigloves with her black evening dresi.The foot gear for evening gownsare of course, slippers. There was imuch talk of sandals and low-heeledslippers, but it has been merely talk,for the heels are, if anything, higherthan ever. To be always correct, it issafe to have slippers the color, or thepreuommauiis, uuiur uie s"" m.Mrs. Belle Hawkins, Eminence, Ky.,was a victim of stomach disorders.She took a great deal of treatmentand medical attention.At last she tried Mayr's "WonderfulSltomach Remedy and got real results.In a letter telling of her -experienceshe said:"I have taken all of the medicine Iordered of you and will say it hasdone more good than all the doctorsand medicine I ever tried. I don't really think I need any medicine now,as I think I am well. I never feltbetter in my life. If I ever shouldneed any medicine I know where to-rnat is a typical letter, taicen' asone among the thousands from theusers of Mayr's Wonderful StomachKwmIvRemedy. The first doseprsrilong treatment.Mayr's Monderful Stomachclears the digestive tract ofaccretions and removesmatter. It brings swift relief toiers from ailments of the &tliver and bowels. Many declare it!saved them from dangerous oiw . ,,tions and many are sure that it iiht -'saved their lives. ?S4J.--We want all people who lutiK "chronic stomach trouble or conatJ-'c .Ntion, no matter of how long staa4; . z"& " nj -"e uusc ujl mayr s nMr .'ueixiu oLuiuacu nemeay one' mbw,-"- rwill convince you. This is tha i. "icine so many of our people -iMwfcrbeen taking with surprising rnamUt ,7The most thorough system cloir7-.ever sold. Mayr's Wonderful StaBfcJ;ach Remedy is now sold herJL ljt Cfcp 'S. Varden & Son and druggists -rery where. ."Keep Ham Moist.Boiled ham is a most useful and popular dish, but it is inclined to get hardand dry when stored. To prevent this,spread over the cut portion with athin layer of butter, then with a layerof flour paste and the ham will keepbeautifully moist.pBEST COUGH MEDICINEFOR CHILDREN t'.2 -K I:Fatalities by Fire.One thousand five hundred personsare killed and five thousand are injured each year as a result of firesin the United States."Three years ago when I was livhHtin Pittsburgh one of my children kirf --a hard cold and coughed dreadfaHyKUpon the advice of a druggist I wmcchased a bottle of Chambertoia'sfSough Remedy and it benefited hoa.al"j once. I find it the best cough BMifrt- -cine for children because it is plaaafant to take. They do not object tci? ,taking it," writes Mrs. Lafayette-Tock; - ; ."Homer City, Pa. This remedy cob---itains no opium or other narcotic, aaj-"may be given to a child as confidently- .as to an adult. Sold by all dealers. "V. "(Nov.)adv;CBlack Lace and Velvet Over a Charmeuse and Metal Net Underslip.tractively used as a tunic, or as along and graceful sash. Cloth of goldon white is dainty an dcharming beyond words. It also combines withalmost any of the other colors dark,or light.A combination of black pannel velvet ;nd cloth of silver is stunning inits simplicity. The three-flouncedskirt is of silver, each flounce boundwith a bias strip of itself, with theedge unpressed, that it may look almost like a cord. The bodice is madeof a stirp of panne velvet, which isplaced basque fashion over an underbodice of net. The edges of theV-shaped neck and the extremelyshort sleeves of the net are composedalternately of one ong bead and arhinestone. In front at the point ofthe V neck a bright red rose gives lifeand rest to the entire costume.The gown of black lace and velvetwhich is used for the illustration ismade over a slip of white charmeusehaving an outer lining of gold metalnet. The bodice of black chiffon velvet is made in a surplice basqueeffect. The plain net across the frontis over the metal net. The sleevesare a mere ruffle over each shoulder.The wide skirt of lace through whichglimmers the metal and white israther short, as is the style for thedresses for day or evening waer. Arosy, colored flower is used at theclosing of the waist.A gown simple and wonderfully effective is made of salmon coloredchiffon velvet. The skirt is full shirred several times at the top to makethe gathers fall easily and gracefully.At the bottom of this skirt is a sixinch ruffle gathered over a thick cord.The edge is not hemmed, but finishedwith a machine-made picot. The waistis composed of a net and lace fiundation, over which is draped a widepiece of the bias velvet with picotedges, giving the effect of a lowwaistline and reaching as high as thepoint of the V neck. At the back ofthe velvet drooped low.er than thefront, showing the latest line aroundthe hips.Another dress worth of note ismade on "an underslip of white charmeuse and metaT net. The lower section Is of heavy golden yellow netwith a heavy design all over it inlong, narrow gold beads. Above thatis a flounce of Chantilly with a waistof brocade. Over this waist is wornS M :lliHlllili'LMoCu. j M WIt Is Time For You to ThinkAboutHEATINGISTOVESWe Have Every Kind of Heating and CookiflfStove Made!THE RADIANT HOME best heater in "the world.THE CELEBRATED WILSONHEATER.GAS: THE O. K. LINE Of COOKING STOVES.They have no equalin fact everything from the smallest tothe largest. See our line and get ourPrices.Lowry & Talbot tItffNNHfffMI" -s --:.'t -I I1? Lbs. Granulatedi jSugar(With a $2.00 Purchase.)$1.00T- FS-- '1- X.Vnc-A. SiIa ."1 "j-rA Frock of Cloth of Silver Combinedwith Shell-pink Panne Velvet.slippers oi' gold-and-silver cloth, orsatin brocaded with silver and gold,or some of the wonderful tapestriesmay be worn to advantage with many.But with these the greatest discrimination must be used. Properly wornthey add a distinctive touch, but wornwithout thought they are apt to spoilthe effect of the. entire costume.' The picot edging, which I have 1spoken o fin the fore part of my let-1ter, i sa strip of cloth machine hem-,stiched, with the stiching cut through Ithe exact center, thus adding a picotedge to both edges. This gives a rfinish to materials like velevet which .is not clumsy. This is also used onedges of sashes where silk has beenused insestead of ribbon.BEWARE OF OINTMENTS FOR CAT-ARRH.THAT CONTAIN MERCURY ;as mercury will surely destroy the jsense of smell and completely derangethe whole system when entering itthrough the mucous surfaces. Such Iarticles should never ne useu excepton prescriptions from reputable physicians, as the damage they will do isten fold to the good you can possiblyderive from them. Hall's CatarrhCure, manufactured by F. J. Cheney &Co., Toledo, O., contains no mercury,and it's taken internally1,,! (actingdirectly upon the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system. If buyingHall's Catarrh Cure be sure you getthe genuine. It is taken internallyand made in Toledo, Ohio, by F. J.Cheney & Co. Testimonials free.Sold by Druggists. Price 75c perbottle. . ,Take Hall's Family Pills for constipationI2 1-2 pound can Tomatoes, solid packed ,.9e2 1-2 pound can Sweet Potatoes, 9CSugar Leaf Can Peas, 20c v alue 17c "Sugar Leaf Can Peas, 20c v alue ,-. . 14c - BCardinal Brand Peas, 12 l-2c value 1 10c HBaby Bunton Corn, per can 8cjiiiepiiant uorn, per can gcPie Peaches, per can s l-3c,Hunt's Peaches, per can 23cLemon Cling or Sliced Golden State Can Peaches, 20c val...,18c2 1-2 lb. can Hawaiian Pine Apple 23cMacaroni, 10c package 8cGolden Medal Oats, package 8cCutono Oats, package 8cMother's or Quaker Oats 9c16 oz. package Seeded Raisins . 12 l-2c12 oz. package Seeded Ra isins 9c16 oz. package Currants . 12 l-2cMince Meat, 3 packages - . - 25c-2 large Mackerel 15c3-tie Brooms, extra good 20c4-tie Brooms, extra good 3QC4-tie Brooms, 50c value 40c-Harrison's Buck Wheat Flour, package 10cDon't think because our terms are cash you have to cometo the store. We have both phones and the delivery boy carries change with him, so you may pay at home as well as store.Watch our space every w eek and see what you can save bypaying cash.Jt- - 4r.fr1T'T. C LENIHANCash Grocer. Both Phones 234(Nov.)adv.When a man gets his first dresssuit he has an awful battle with .himopif to keeD from wearing it downa chemise of the tan-and-gold through town in the daytime so people can sees.. it did not. it would moti wraMUKs. wrai roc m teittar ow to savtw. , ...., ..,, .. ., ............. -i. . -.., i i i. at- ..4.i; . nf f-nr t.nnariuaisi . . . r i aiiiBr TaateM .3 Frankfort, Ky.,DaUy Ex. Sunday ?..v .$&7 .6:25j, m. -'uicu uie uuuu uw.- IU , r v :l!pfaHfaMaSfiUBfiUSSttMNiflk LagaHy GUARANTEED CUREx mnjc ot lt.Mr. Farmer.here'a a remedjrf or hoe cholerathat is sold under a "Legal Guarantee Bond." Howcan yon afford to take chances against hogf cholerawnen you can get tms remedy oa such terms?iOQ Cfiawrai Rsindyis the onlv remedy ever out tin ffiaf mirmtc to cure andhoff cholera. It does the work better thaa aay other known rsMadyoMbe sold oa such a stronc cuaraBesev mm mmi y oar bees.yL. . r - tJI 1:tt: .d"C-t:l-T.- .nsj-".-erl.7x-v-J -Z-sii"vA4-XfcK-lr...IIserved. The home, iwasl Irhutafullydecorated in potted plants and ferns.'The hostess was assisted in entertaining by Mrs. Thomas Endicott, of Cynthia na, and Mrs. Anna Jefferson and, t .- 4. I Misses Beeding, of MillersburgU w.Ll Sg ' ! -Mrs. Jessie Wilson, aged ababout 44,Mr. W. J. Reese.t-rW ll rti"l M 3m 1 Ci 1 T1 iT C? C W7 A Vrr A vrmJ: r Zmnlww' idietl Wednesday at 8:45 a. m., after a-Mr. E. M. Thompson has purchas- protracted illuess of canCer of thed a new Ford runabout automobile. 'fnmon,, of ,te ?,, " ?" OTrnt t niw.fli,wM stomach at her home on Trigg ave--n ,-, i,L i, i it itt- tj oi , inue. Mrs. Wilson had been sufferingeUrig his home, also Mr. W. P. Shank-from this dread disease for a lontime and upon several previous occasions her life was despaired of. Shewas formerly Miss Jesse Kerr, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Kerr, residing near May slick, and is one of afamily of ten children. She is survived by two brothers, Messrs. FranklinMrs. Virginia Dair, of Paintsville,. arrived Tuesday as the guest of Mrs.J. D. Redd.Miss Mary H. Taylor was the-guest of her sister, Mrs. K. B. Hutchin gs, of Lexington....SL1 2r ?. ol MaysviHe, ai E.H. Kerr, ofi. jt,. uiili,.,.. iiT Millersburg, and three sisters, Mrs.C 9 1 XX O. J-l C3.LIIJ-I- 1 lillCl. j TX0 w-r? 1TsirraYl ff TV To TC'TTlll Ck TTvom Miss Neely Beeding returned ,,, -dJ? i?nimnfii ',! tit,.,4 Ttfrmdav after a several weeks' visit RalPh Bonar, of Falmouth, and Mrs.to he? sister Airs B?Sbeth SUrian J" M' MaSOn' MillersburS- She wasrl2 Elizabeth Stirman, unUed earJy -n Ue -m marriage to Mra uamptoii. ,. ,,' Jesse Wilson, of the neighborhood inMrs. Frank Holder left Monday ,..,.,, nUn , ;-.,? r iufi- 4., ,i, ,,.;; !,.. .- i which she was raised. One littlefor a two-weeks visit to her parents,1 , , , , . . rt 1, i,rtrMnr- a ir t,.; t..i, -ht. i daughter was born into the Home,;,a;dn "" Dav,,i Durham -at Mor- who died about the age o 12. For a-Tbe'ladies oi the PresbyterianM'nef tos nndlf d'ySwldeiThe eral took laee Thursday at 3if- ! !' "-t """1 " WCUIUUWI. "'"' "Jiiesday. NovemberAfrc T? 1-T Miilo-ri nf "Rurintr"": ;-".-"' "'i " o l by Drvtib gueai ui uu cluiil&, icouaiiica o. iH Endicott and M. D. Hurst, fromSaturday until MoiUay.Prof. Avin, of Richmond, has beenemployed as pricipal of M. G. S. andwill enter on his duties Monday. Heand family will occupy rooms in Cor--riugtonflat.C. C. Fisher, of M. F. C. In-in Millersburg cemetery.The following out of town friends andrelatives attended the funeral: Mr.(and Mrs. Ralph Bonar, of Falmouth,Mrs. Aarius Moran and son, Mr.Earle Moran, Mr. and Mrs. CharlesMoran, Mr. Frank Kerr, Miss SudieMoran, Miss Jessie Kerr, of MaysThe Translyvania Glee Club willgiVo a concert under the auspices of-the Y. M. C. A. of the M. F. C. in thecollege auditorium on the evening ofDecember 3rd.The Pastors' Aid of the Presbyterian Church will hold a bazar inthe basement of the church, Dec. 9.Taney articles, canwy and hot chocolate will be offered for sale.All members of the Methodist,Baptist and Christian churches having clothing for the Belgians willplease bring same to the Christianjchurch to-day. as we want to packiliem at once.- The Lyceum Course, under the auspices of the Y. W. C A., of the M. F.C, opened Tuesday evening with alecture by Dr. Evans, of Wales. Sub. ject "English Lords." Dr. Evans'.J-ecture was good, abounding in sim--jplcaty.Mr. T. J. Richardson, of Virginia,.employed by the Temperance League. of Kentucky, to deliver 100 lectureson State-Wde Prohibition, will deliver a lecture on Tuesday night atthe Methodist Church. Everybodycordially invited to attend. Don't failto "hear him.Mrs. J. F. Clark and daughters,-Misses Edna and Nannie Clark, andKr. and Mrs. A. T. Moffett, Mr. and- Mrs. W. G. Leer, Mr. and Mrs. F. B.- ' Isgels and Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Jonesand daughter, Miss Nancy, attendedthe funeral of Mrs. Abel Reed, inMason county, Wednesday.Mesdames S. H. Endicott and M.Miss Carolyne Roseberry is visiting friends in Flemingsburg.Mrs. Joseph Godman has returned from Lexington, where she wascalled by the serious illness of hersister, Mrs. Wm. Mappin.Dr. William Kenney and familyhave moved from their summer homeon the Hinton farm, near this city, towinter quarters in the Doyle Flats, inthis city.Mrs. Maria Bedford, who has beenin Savanah, Ga., attending .the sessions of the United jOaughters of theConfederacy, has returned to herhome in this city.The Parliamentary Club held avery interesting session with MissClara Belle O'Neal, as her home onHigh street, Wednesday afternoon.Subject of the parliamentary drill was"The Negro's Segregation," with Mrs.J. T. Vansant and Mrs. Charlton Alexander as leaders.The regular meeting of the Progressive Culture Club was held Wednesday afternoon at the usual timeand place. The following programwas rendered: "The European War,"Mrs. Walter Clarke; "Origin andWork of the Red Cross Society,"Mrs. T. A. Hendricks.The Paris Literary Club held avery interesting session Wednesdayafternoon. The program as renderedwas composed of papers by MissSimms on "Who Are the Scotch-Ir-i-iir -v AT Ponlft Pnllipr. nf Paris' -Misses Maude Kerr and Cinda Slack, fish?" Miss- Tipton on "The Desmondihn Merriner of iteueuion, iurs. v. jr. iiuwry uuof Carlisle; Mrs. John Merringer, ofParis; Mr. and Mrs. T. R. Wilson, Robinson Station; Miss Ellmae Wood, ofMaysville.COMPROMISE EFFECTED."Irish Generals Duke of Wellington,Lord Roberts, Lord Kitchner."(Other Personals on Page 5.)AT SAN DIEGO EXPOSITION.EDW. BURKE,President.- M. S. CAYWOOD,. Vice-President.JNO. T.COLLINS,Manager..The BourbonI Tobacco Warehouse CoANNOUNCE THEIR OPENINGSALE FORSATURDAY, DEC. 5At Georgetown the suit of theFarmers' Bank and Trust Companyagainst W. J. Payne, etc., for the settlement of this account as strustee ofMrs. Mary C. Cantrill, was comproimised.In this ..suit the present, trustee,lur. William iuyan, oi i-aiib, souB"Htlie Exposition officials operated itto charge the former trustee and his j without previous practice, will be thesureties, ur. w. 11. ouumciu mu in.J. C. Cantrill, with an alleged shortage in the trust estate. The securi-Two hundred "electriquettes" have jbeen ordered for the San Diego Exposition, for delivery Christmas day,one week before the opening. ThisrloviP rrnnpl1nf1 hv n Inw-snefid nlen-trie motor, so simple of control that j Jthe ten year old daughter of one of jOpen To Receive Tobacco DecemberSecond house in Kentucky in amount of businesshandled the past season.Lowest selling fees of any house in Central Kentuckyo Ve solicit your patronage and guarantee courteoustreatment and prompt service.)9ft3Qftm9ties contended that if there was anyshortage it was caused by Overpayments to Mrs. Cantrill herself, andasked for a judgment over againsther for such payments as were paidto and expended by her in excess ofthe net income.When the case was heard the trialjudge rendered a verbal decision inwhich he gave judgment against thetrustee's estate and against his sureties for about 43,000, but on theother hand gave judgment in favorof the sureties and against Mrs. Cantrill personally for the greater portionof this amount, or about $25,000, onthe ground that she had used and exonly vehicle allowed in the groundsIt cannot go more rapidly than threemiles an hour in a down grade audican be stopped within three feet by anemergency brake operated by eitherof the two passengers it will hold.This "baby creeltic" was devised tomake unnecessary th'e laborious pushchair of previous world's fairs.HHIWUUoC3933ft9!,cS$8999Q9WINS GUESSING CONTEST.Mr. Joseph Kelley, of the NorthMiddletown precinct, was the winnerof the guessing contest which hasbeen in progress at "Stout's Cafe" forseveral weeks.Mr. Stout offered a prize of a $5trade ticket, nayabie in the "delica-finc nf fhp Kpnsnn nt Ins pnfp.. to t.hfipended that amount of the trust es- person wno guessed correctly or near-tate over ana anove uie uei. inuc. est correctly the number of seeds inThis judgment had not been finally the internal reVenue department ofentered on the order book, and before the huge g5 pound pumpkin which hasit was entered the parties agreed on . been on exllibition in his window.a cotHotnont hv wllifVh t.llG Sureties it t.-h.. .3 u k..rwSheRain-TUeSday a"er- ' b ,n settlcment "'Hbe 7r.Sf wSST Dr." J. T. BrownUidShl t, Ti'S, C'aS," 1 ! cl!"i IS"? 'IT' ,a",d ""T" ' ?cted the pumpkin and removedwat. rirCof lo. V i """"Ci I seiueuiem. a& ictwua, xo ., Uui its mimgS" TuesQay nigiit ne tounawere present. Ices and cakes were judgment of the court. the numl)faer to be 418.-noon.a cellCOMMISSIONER OF AGRICULTURE 1ISSUES FINAL REPORT.!LUKE McLUKB SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)St. Peter's Episcopal Church,Rev. G. H. Harris, rector. Sundayschool 9:30 a. m. Services and sermon 10:45 a. m. A cordial invitationis extended to the public.Dr. B. M. Shive, pastor of theParis Presbyterian church, willpreach Sunday morning and night at10:30 and 7:00. Subject for theThe crop report for November issu- The difference between man anded Saturday by Commissioner of Agri- woman is that man would rather beculture Newman, is final report for well than look well and woman wouldthe year. The report shows that the rather look well than be wellcrops are m a much better conditionthan was anticipated on account of i - ?the drouth. jCommissioner Newman says that'tne ireaerai quarantine against Kentucky on account of the foot andmouth disease is a serious handicaplor tne larmers and live stock owners.-fthere would be a hospital at eachstreet corner.The Rabbit doesn't know anythingabout Human Nature. If he wouldroar when he rears back on his hindlegs the hunters would run and lethim alone.i4CSISS9HS9I1 AOVER &A DEMANDFOR CASH!MANUf ACTURERS CRYING TOR CASHmrn'riii-iir coriunn "Piimilv Poliffinn :a inrr i,oo r,w ' ic rontiv Hirpfl He urS the farmers and stockmenSundav school at 9:30. Mens' Bible I operate with the county authoritiesClass and Women's Bible Class at the m emorcmg tne : county quarantine,same hour. All welcome. The report follows:. j As is customary, the crop reportIf people always told the truth there "r November is delayed for a fewwi,if k rr.Hii tniw ino i.f days, so that the fanners may get a I... . .. - . ' pnnr1 lrlon nP tho violrl rf flioiT- snyn fj crop. This is necessary in the cae of !tobacco also. There will be no morecrop reports until May 1, 1915.The Yield of r.nrn is psHmntprl nt 9Zbushels per acre. iMiis is 41! bush-els per acre more than last year and j5.6 more than 1912. The yield ofBurley tobacco is estimated at G54pounds per acre as against 655 poundsper acre last year. However, more orless tobacco is damaged in quality asa result of excessive rain during theearly part of October. The damageis estimated at 17 per cent. For thesame reason dark tobacco is estimated to be damaged at 13 per cent, witha yield of 840 pounds per acre asagainst 503 pounds per acre last year.The area of wheat sown was increased over last year's acreage 2per cent. The wheat acreage is estimated at 95 per cent; rye at -92 percent, and barley at 94 per cent; thereis more late sown wheat than usual,and efforts were abandoned to get Isome of the fields sown. The condition of the fall crops is estimated at91 per cent. Blue Grass shows a condition of 91 per cent; orchard grass93 per cent; alfalfa 92 per cent; andclover 84 per cent.The farmers and live stock ownersare in a very good position so far asfeed is concerned fo' the winter. Fod-3a e na omm iw v caxUSEntire Stock of New Winter FootwearOrdered to Be Thrown on the Market atAny Price So as to Turn Shoes intoCash At Once!TThe extreme mild weather and the poor business conditions throughout the country, especially through the South, found manufacturers overloaded with new winter footwear. We have bought heavy. We mustturn these Shoes into cash quick.,Mkltiff itTiiT t"rrir'V ii 'fr Sr irx AGASHEATERS!PRICES$4.00 TO $25.00INSTALLED.Satisfaction Guaranteed.ders are not of extra good quality nor?3 flio rrkTn nrnn i van' crkiin1 rno !However, there are always enough an-1- - sr - j--rimals to consume the unsound crop I rVirlS lid & tlCIrlC V.Owr m-w 'NJITT' 'WJ wwwmu - j w(Incorporated.)ToISsttizrciaywe will Inaugurate the greatest Cut Price Unloading Sale of new Shoesand Rubbers ever attempted. Those who attend this sale will surely haveGood Cause For Thanksgiving!r3D .A.ETwithout a great deal of risk, and conditions would be fairly good under or-.dinary circumstances. However, the 'outbreak of the foot and mouth dis-jease in some fifteen States, including i jfr'I"Kentucky, has necessitated a Federallyand State quarantine. The . Federal 4 I 111 mil ArilTnilauthorities have quarantined against I 1 1 1! 1 1 1 II I'LMILInlthe entire State of Kentucky and it is 1 1 H 1 1 1 N 1 1 1 ii I fi H Ia very serious handicap for our far-! UlllUII UUll I lllll-mers and live stock owners. The 1 1" 1State quarantine affects only twocounties, viz: Bullitt andprice of hay has advancedterially. Live stock that would otherwise be shipped to the market to fill ,the coolers of the packinc houses is Xheld o nthe farm in a fattened condi- 4tion. Winter will soon be here and j""icos mc uuiieu oiaitis uu eriimeiiL jreleases witnm the next few weekssome of the bullocks and swine for Spoints without the State intende'd foriimmediate slaughter a considerableloss will result.xne &iate autuonties are mucii encouraged in the fight to control thisoutbreak. No new cases have developed within the last three or fourdays. Farmers and live stock owners ; Xsnouia co-operate with the county authroities in enforcing the quarantinewherever one is ordered during thisdangerous period.fSy. Se I LIFE INSURANCE CO.?d very ma- .$, x :,Strongest Company. gLowest Net Rate. fI Miss Kate Alexander iAGENT I1 ALSO SOLICITCYNTH1ANA DEFEATS PARIS.COKEIE!1STSGreatest Shoe StoreThe Cynthiana High School footballteam defeated the Paris High 'Schoolteam in the game at Cynthiana, Tuesday by the score of 51 to 0.I Fire, Windt and Automobile 1Insurancefehoc Store immiammmmm mhhhmm a& m . Heinz's newNEW SAUERKRAUT.Heinz's new sauerkraut, 5c lb.VIJand will greatly appreciatei nrtni pnncii1eiklinnJ MISS KATE ALEXANDER..1!4HillllllllUllHlHr tj M!t-- " --Si&& f"-'I)-" 'rii'A-.(6-tf) - v A. Wr,COTTINGHAJM.