-lT " - -:v -'.-. v.-i x.v . v - , ; - -. va.-'j '-iv-V. .4--".s- . ' .v-rX.PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXilPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1914.P--TPT:liTHE 'vBOURBONNEWS,S-5LAND DISTRICT EDUCATIONAL ASSOCIATION MEETS.THE TABERNACLE MEETINGSOne of the most interesting educational meetings of the present yearas the meeting in this city last Fridsj and Saturday of the Ashland District Educational Association, composed of representative teachers andeducators from all of the fifteencounties composing the district.About 250 delegates and visitorsvrere in attendance, and all in departing, expressed their great appreciation of the hospitality shownthem by the people of Paris andBourbon county.The sessions were held in the bigauditorium of the Pario High School,sad were of a very interesting character from first to last. The President of the Association, Superintendent T. A. Hendricks, of the ParisCity Schools, presided, and the VicePresident, C. P. Lancaster, and Secretary-TreasurerMiss Mabel Robbins, County Superintendent ofSchools, in their respective stations.The morning session of the first"aj was opened with an invocation byRe Dr. O. It. Mangum, of the ParisrCDiist Church, followed by a pro--riiuof musical selections by thehh School Band. The address ofwf'come delivered by Hon. Claude M.Thomas, of Paris, was a masterpieceof eloquence and oratory. Prof. R.S. Eubank, editor of the SouthernSchool Journal, delivered the response in an address teeming withg-Tns of thought. This was followedlV :i solo by Mr. A. L. Boatright.Si&erintendent Hendricks, President of the Association, delivered thePr-sident's address to the teachers,vhich was received with every evidence of the highest appreciation.Prof. H. C. McKee, Superintendentof the Frankfort City Schools, delivered a very interesting and practicaladdress upon "How to Convince Parents that School is Worth While.""ollowing a delightful vocal sdlo byMiss Elizabeth Hinton, Prof. B. M.Kifner,' County Superintendent of theWoodford County Schools, addressedthe teachers on "How to Show thePeople that Their Money Has BeenWell Spent." This closed the morning session. A substantial luncheonnmvided bv the teachers of the county schools was served in the gymnasium of the school, the colored teachers of the county schools assistingin serving the guests.Tne afternoon session was openedwith a selection by the High SchoolOrcnestra, which was followed byan address by Prof. J. C. Waller,Superintendent of the GeorgetownCitv Schools, on "How to Deal WithEackward and Retarded Pupils."Miss Jessie O. Yancey, County Superirrendent of the Mason CountySchools, followed Prof. Waller withan account of" the "Consolidation"mofment, which has been proven asuccess in her county. Judge HarmonSuit, of Paris, being detained by aTiusness engagement, his place on theprocram was filled by Prot. innsteac, teacher of History in the Eastern Kentucky Xormal School, Richmond, who gave an interesting address along the lines of couty schoolwork. "How to Relate the Work ofte School to the Life of the Community," was the subject most ablyhanded by Mr. T. J. Coates, otFrarkfort, representing the StateBoard of Education. The closing feature of the day was an address on-The Work," by Prof. M. A. Cassidy,Superintendent of the Lexington CitySe? o!s.7 be evening program was incharge of the Women's Club, and included music by the High SchoolOrcnestra and chorus, and a beautifullv rendered solo by Miss ElizabethHinion. The address of the eveningwas delivered by Dr. J. G. Crabbe,Prudent of the Eastern KentuckyStat" Normal School and former btateSuperintendent of Public Instruction. TVa program for the Saturday session was opened with the invocation bv Rev. George Harris, rector ofSt. Peter's Episcopal Church. MissW"i.e Summers and M,rs. Schultz rendereo piano solos. Prof. C. M. Melcher. of State University, was substituted on the program to supply thepla" of President Henry S. Baker,who could not come. Prof. Melcher'saddress on "Economy in Education'Aas nronounced one of the most interesting, the most thoughtful andconvincing addresses of the session,and he was accorded a hearty reception bv the delegates and visitors.Prof O. V. Jones, of Owenton, spokeon the subject of "How to Prepare aSala-y Schedule Based on iueiit auuEfficiency." Prof. Edgar C. .Rally,the brilliant educavor of Burlington,Ky., delivered a splendid address on-'Moonlight Schools," a subject thatis arousing the greatest interest justnow throughout Kentucky. Prof.RileVs address was delivered m ascholarly manner, and won for himthe admiration of those fortunateenoush to have heard him. President "R. H. Crossfield, of Translyvania, being unable to be present, hisplace on the program was filled byProf. Snoddy, of the University,his subject being "Democracy in kd-ucation." , . ..4t noon the teacners and visitorswere handsomely entertained atluncheon by the members of tneCount v School Improvement League-at the hospitable home of Mr. anciMrs. James McClure, on Vine street.This feature was so thoroughly enjoyed as to call forth a speech of' appreciation from County Superintendent M. B. Hifner, of Versailles.The closing session opened with apiano selection by Miss ElizabeJiCrutcher, followed by a vocal solobv Miss Elizabeth Hinton.'"Modern Ideas in Education" wasthe subject assigned to Prof. M. KT.ifrnn nf T.PYinirton. but in his aD-sence,' it was discussed by Professors jHiley, Melcher, Eubank and Roberts, iNot i since the ever-memorableBarnes revivals which shook Parisfrom center to circumference in areligiou way has a wave of religious fervor swept over Paris like the HamRamsey meetings now drawing to aclose.iMfsSING BOURBON COUNTYMAN NOT FOUND.Evangelist Ham is delivering stirring sermons each night and the songservice continues to be one of thechief attractions.The Sunday services were of decidedly strong interest. At themorning service at 11:00 o'clock Mr.Ham preached on "Vaul, the Apostle."Thus far the Sunday afternoon services have been given over to meetings for men only, but on Saturdaynight the announcement was madethat on Sunday afternoon Mr. Hamwould conduct the meeting for bothmen and women, taking fnr bis nh.iect "The Prince of Pppp" TIip rp.suit was one of the biggest crowdsever seen in a puolic building inParis. At the evening service another large crowd heard the evengelist deliver a splendid sermon on"The Unanswerable Question."Sunday morning there was nopreaching at any of the churches, butan opportunity was given to thosewho wished to unite with the congregations, and the invitation was accepted by eighty-eight persons wholied been attending the evangelisticservices, of the number tour unitedwith the Presbyterian church, thirtyeight with the Methodist church, thirty with the Baptist church, and tenwith the Christian church.The movement inaugurated by Mr.Henry A. Power to have all the business houses and banks clo3e for onehour each day, from 10 to 11 duringthe closing days of the meetings, willbe with some exceptions, generallyobserved so that employes may attend the services.There were no meetings held yesterday, but to-day Evangelist Hamwrill conduct the morning service at11 o'clock, taking for subject, "WhatGod Is Going to Do With the Jews."To-morrow morning he will preach on"The Devil."Thursday has -been proclaimed"Mother's Day," and tributes to"Mother" will be the general themeof all the discourses. Men and womenare requested to wear on that day awhite carnation or white flour ofsome kind in honor of a mother whois dead, andthose whose mothers arestill alive are asked to signify theirdevotion to her by wearing a redflower.Up to and including Sunday nightthe attendance had reached a totalof 108,300.It was announced Sunday that during the closing days special reservations would be made for lodges orother organizations.All hopes of finding John D. Craycraft, a former Bourbon County farmer, -who was lost in the mountains ofMontana abaut a month ago, has beenabandoned by the searching partiessent outin search of him. The-partiesreturned after making a thorough search of the vicinity whereCraycraft was last seen, and coulddiscover no traces of him.Mr. Craycraft, who was a formerresident of the North Middletown precinct, was lost while on an elk huntwith a party of companions in theYellowstone region of Montana. Thelast seen of him was-when he becameseparated from the main party, andwith his son and another sportsman,endeavored to find their way back.Mr. Craycraft made a detour in thehopes of striking their trail during ablinding snowstorm, and has not beenseen or heard from since. Thesearchers say that it will now be impossible to recover the body until thereturn of spring, if as he is dead thebody is buried beneath huge snowdrifts.The region where Mr. Craycraftwas lost is one of the wildest inMontana, and even the guides-, whoare presumed to know the countrythoroughly, have frequently experienced great difficulty in gettingout of the wilderness and returningwith their parties safely to civilizationagain.mxMitchell & Blakemore'sGENTLEMEN!U. D. C. HOLDS MEETING.REAL ESTATE DEALS.Rpal p.state is "looking up" againin Bourbon, as evidenced by recentactivities in that lhe of business.Mr. Clifton Gillispie purchased ofMr. F. M. Gillispie his farm on theMt. Sterling pike, near Little Rock,for $100 per acre, possession to begiven March 1, 1915.Mrs. Mollie Finch, of Springfield,O., sold to Mr. Redmon Talbott, 2acres of land, located on the Harrod'sCreek pike, at a private price.Mr. John S. Watson, of Petersboro,Province, Ontario, Canada, purchasedof Mrs. Mary Forman, of New York,her residence, on Mt. Airy avenue, ata private price, for an investment.Steve Moore sold to W. A. Gainesthe colored undertaker, the stone business house, corner of Eighth andHigh streets, now occupied as a grocery store by Mr. K. S. Denton, at aprivate price.The Bramblette heirs of Nicholascounty, recently sold to Mr. Samuel.T Terry, of this county, 75 acres oflaud near East Union, in Nicholascounty,-at $85.50 per acre.WThe Frosty, Cold Days of WinterAre Here!And it is about time to change from Summer Underwear tothe Winter Weight. We have the biggest stock of Underwearever shown in the cijy.Union Suits and Two-PieceGarmentsAArIN ALL PRICES FROMvThe October meeting of the Richard Hawes Chapter, U. D. C, washeld Saturday afternoon at the Confederate rooms in the court house,and marked the beginning of a newyear. There was no literary programthe meeting being of a business character, and the following officers wereelected for the ensuing year: President, Mrs. William G. Talbott; FirstVice President, Mrs. Ada Rice; ofNTnrtli Mindlfitnwii? Third Vine President, Mrs. J. T. Vansant; Secretary,!Mrs. C. S. Goldstein; Chairman ofPress Work, Mrs. C. C. Leer; Chairman of Committee on ConfederateHome for Old Soldiers, Mrs. J. T.Vansant; Chairman of EducationalFund, Mrs. J. H. Ewalt; Registrar,Mrs. Russell Mann.The retiring Treasurer, Mrs. J. H.Ewalt, reported all obligations paidand a balance of 41.17 in the generalfund and $50 balance in the educational fund.The chapter, through the latterfund, has been able to complete theeducation of a worthy young woman,the daughter of a Confederate soldier.The November meeting of the Chapter will include a reception.$1to $8 Per SuitCHAUTAUQUA PROMOTOR HEREThe Duifold Health Underwear, which keeps you warmbut is not heavy and bundlesome, is acknowledged to be thebest underwear made. Perfect fitting garments for the big ,man and the little man.Look at our windows and see the right kinn of Underwear .. -tobuy.Mitchell & Blakemore, Im The More Tor rvierrs styles Maris, KentuckyMr. Wayne F. Sewell, of Atlanta,Ga., general representative of theAlkahest Chautauqua Lyceum System, with headquarters in Atlanta,Ga., is in Paris, in an effort to interest the people of the city in a Chautauqua to be held here in July. During the past summer nearly all theadjoining towns had a Chautauquameeting, and judging from the favorable comments in the county papersand by the large crowds that the attractions brought to the differenttowns, they must have been highlyappreciated. The association whichMr. Sewell represents is regarded asnnp of the high-class attractions mthe way of summer ohautauquas, audiembraces some of the best plattormand high-class musical talent in theUnited States. One ot the chief attractions is the New York MarineBand, which gave a delightful concert here some weeks ago, whileen route to New York for a summer's engagement at different townsin Western and Southern Kentucky.iur RpwpII would be nleased to meetthe people of Paris, who would bemost interested in bringing thissplendid attraction here..I Why Pay j22c to 25c perpound forSausage whenFRANKialdwinREGISTEK TO-DAY.TAKING DEPOSITIONS.Supplemental registration for thebenefit of those who by reason of abcense from the city or illness on theregular registration day, is beingrnr,Ai,ntor to-dav and to-morrow atthe office of County Clerk Pearce jPaton, from 6 a. m. to y p. m. uou lfnmat tn rpffister if vou want to participate in any election in the comingyear Remember that the election otSenator and Representative nextmonth is one of the most important ofthe year.A fine address was given by PresidentM B Adams, of Georgetown College,followed by a talk on "Best Methodsof Teaching Modern Languages byMiss Ruth Van Pelt, of the FrankfortHigh School, and who has been heardwith great pleasure by a Paris audience upon a previous occasion.The election or omcers resun-eu xonr Prpcident. H. C. McKee, ofFrankfort; Vice President, Miss VanPelt of Frankfort; Secretary-TreasurerMr R. S. Eubank, Frankfort.Next meeting will "oe held at Frankfort, next October.The attendance at this meeting was250, which was the largest in thehistory of the Association.Just before adjourning, a committeeconsisting of Profs. J. C. Waller, H. C.-Ttt.-., on,i n s. TCubank. reporteuresolutions thanking the Board of Education, the Women's Clubs of ParisProf T A. Hendricks, Miss MabelRobbins and other for favors extended and to the citizens of Pari .and the teachers of Bourbon Countjfor the hospitality shown during theDepositions for the "Wets" in support of the contest that has beenfiled attacking the county local option election have been taken in thenffinps of Attornevs Denis Dundon andJohn J. Williams, representing that jside of the warfare recently waged.AHmif fnrtv dp.nosi'ions were taken.It is alleged that certain irregulari-ties nave Deen uisuuvwcu, ouv"curtains in some of the" booths, balit hpirnr shown lii one or two instances, and other irrfagularitieswhich it is claimed will invalidatethe election.SECURES BIG CONTRACT.Contracts for furnishing the UnitedStates Government with about $50,000 worth of dressed hemp for use inthe Navy Department have been secured by the firm of E. F. Spears &Sons, of this city, through their representative, Mr. Thomas Kiser, whohas just returned' irom a trip toWashington. The hemp will be prepared in the factories of tne nrm mParis and shipped in lots as calledfor by the Government. The firmhas secured several large contractsof a similar nature in past years, andits products have come to be recognized as standard.SELLoA MODERN PLANT.I2 POUNDS IOF BESTPORKSAUSAGELevy, the cleaner, has just completed the installation of one of themost modern dry cleaning plants inKentucky, and is now prepared to dodry cleaning in the most moderncfirin M fnhn'p ton rlfilicate tohandle. Work that cannot be excell-,ed outside of Cincinnati or Louisville.A trial is all he asks. SatisfactionFOR85c::x9Our Buyer Has Returned From His SecondEastern Trip and We Are-Now ShowingThe Newest Styles InSuits j a) r essesand Cloaks,::i:Suits at $15 to $25 yo4.ll popular fabrics and styles represented.v Dresses at $5 to $20In Serge and Satin Combination. cAlsd acomplete line of cAfternoon and EveningDresses in Satins and Crepes.CoatsFor Ladies, Misses and Children cAU styles. jand prices. ,YQUR INSPECTION CORDIALLY-INVITED.i mtBALDWIN BROS.rHn??, w-0-guaranteed.Clt))t. IIPRANK & CO,The Store Where ReliabilityReigns i ' ''24-- &S -'IU.-1v vX',-.. ' TaJ1 amdb'.,'"-' . t - s-Vfr'J(J? Wf vV?r' TOE BOURBON NEWSARJ,,Ka6tKY..VGCTOBER "27; M4if i.7(i. . i -' -Tl . D.,K- ltl ' rible destruction. The battlefieldsI I! DOUlDOIl JLHeWS'are covered with bodies, but afreshEstablished iC8i 32 Years of Continouoiis Publication.-SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Pans, Kentucky,Postoflice as Mail flatter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATES"Display Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per inchach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in black.tpye, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKETFor SenatorJ. C. W. BECKHAM(Long Term)JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term)For CongressJ. CAMPBELL CANTRILL.EARLY WAR NEWS.FIERCE THREE-CORNERED FIGHTLONDON, Oct. 23. On the Westem Belgian coast there is beingiougbt a battle which, for display ofadvanced military and naval science,for spectacular effect, for ferocity ofaction and appalling losses, is a realization of the most fantastic drawnpicture of the "war of the future".9ver put on paper or canvas.The Germans, heavily re-enforced"by fresh land troops and by a navalbrigade of 10,000 men, have extendedtheir base from Ostend to Maris"kerke and Middlekerke, half waybetween Ostend 'and Nieuport, andfrom these positions are shelling the'Belgian line, which extends fromNieuport south along the RiverYser, a distance of 18 miles, withtheir left flank resting on the coast.The Belgians are being aided by theFrench land forces, the British warships on the sea and the Britishmonitors and small gunboats in thecanals and rivers.When not directing the fire of theirhuge seventjeen-iheh guns againstthe Belgian positions the Germansare replying to the cannonading ofrthe British dreadnoughts, which today added their strength to the British feet.The fire of the British guns is directed and corrected constantly by' observers in captive balloons and aeroplanes. The ferocity of the three-corneredbombardment continued undiminished to-day. The losses on both sides:are reported to be terrific. The Germans are reported to have left 10,000.-dead and wounded on the field.GEN. VON MOLTEK DYING.LONDON, Oct. 23. A private letter received in Amsterdam from aliigh official in Berlin, says Lieut.Gen. Count Helmutli' von Moltke,chief of the German g2ii9ral staff, isdying, according to the ExchangeTelegraph's Amsterdam correspondent. "Everything is being done to keepthe news secret. Gen. von Moltke issuffering from an affection of the liver. The cure he was undergoingwas interrupted in July by the German mobilization. He has now hadto leave Emperor William's head--quarters.Gen. von Falkenhayu. thePrussian Minister of War, being leftin charge'Many German officers ascribe the-check to the German advance to theforced retirement of Gen. vonMoltke.",General Von Trip and his staff, atMiddlekerke, are reported, in a newsagency dispatclv to have been annihilated by a shell from the Britishships.HEAVY LOSSES, OF GERMANS.LONDON, Oct. 23. A dispatchIrom Dunkirk, France, to the Chronicle says:"Seven hundred German dead have"been buried near Nieuport as a result of the fierce fighting there.The total German casualties in thechannel coast fighting are estimatedat ten thousand."Thirty thousand Germans, who hadentrenched themselves between Os.tend and Nieuport, retired to Ostend,"leaving behind a great quantity ofteqnlpment.Tt is reported that during the British fleet's bombardment of the German line the Germans lost a convoy-eighftmiles long which was wrecked"by snails."VICTORY FOR ALLIES; TAKE 70,000 MEN.AMSTERDAM, Oct. 23. The Burgomaster of Weduyne, Belgium, nearTSlatkenberghe, has4 wired to Aardenburg that the allies' have won a greatvictory between Chalons and Longwy,and that 70,000 men, 300 guns and 31colors have been captured.There isno confirmation of the report.BOMBARDMENT OF OSTEND.AMSTERDAM, Oct. 23. The Tele--graafSluis correspondent reports-thatke bombardment of Ostend andICieuport is becoming heavier."The shells of the Allies," the correspondent says, "are raining downikju uie uermans, ana causing ter-i German troops continue to arrive,Since morning the Germans have retreated slightly."A French squadron is supportingthe English warships, which the German gunners have difficulty in- reaching. "The German cavalry is useless,and the men and horses alike arebeing mowed down."The Allies' positions are stronglyfortified by -entrenchments and inundations of territory. The Allies, inaddition to Ostend and Nieuport, alsoare firing in the direction of Jabbeke,about seven miles southwest of Burges, in order to destroy the railwayline between Ostend and Bruges."All the Ostend hotels are filledwith wounded."MERCHANT VESSELS SUNK.LONDON, Oct. 23. A dispatchfrom Teneriffe, Canary Islands, to theDaily Mail, under date of Thursday,reports that the German cruiserKarlsruhe has sunk thirteen Britishmerchantmen in the Atlantic.The news of the Karlsruhe's exploit, according to the Daily Mail'ssteamer Crefeld, which arrived there,with the crews of the British steamers Strathroy, Maple Branch, Highland Hope, Indrani, Rio Igussu, Farn,Niceto, Maria de Larrinaga, Cervantes, Cornish City, Pruth, Condor andLynrowan, all of which were sunk bythe Karlsruhe. The Crefeld was accompanied into port by the Germansteamers Patagonia, Rio Negro andAsuncion.A later message states that over400 men of the crews are prisonersand that the merchantmen weremostly sunk in the Atlantic. Theships were mostly engaged in theSouth American trade and their totaltonnage is about 60,000 .SINKINGOF SUBMARINEFIRMED.CON-LONDON, Oct. 23. The BritishAdmiralty confirmed the sinking ofthe British submarine E 3 by theGermans in the North Sea. The E 3has been overdue for several days.A radiogram from Berlin statesthat she was sunk by a Germancruiser October 18. Sixteen menwere on board.i .STEAMER RELEASED.LONDON, Oct. 23. The BritishGovernment has released the oil tank Jsteamer J. D. Rockefeller, the dewtention of which was primarily due,it is said, to the fa:t that there wasno indication in the ship's papers ofthe destination of the cargo. Assoon as it was ascertained that thedestination of the vessel was Copenhagen, the ship was freed.In the case of the tank steamerBrindilla, which is now held at Halifax, the British Government has hadfriendly negotiations with the American Government. The case is regarded by the Government as one callingfor an investigation by a prize court.BERLIN REPORTS HEAVY LOSSESBERLIN, Oct. 23, (by way of TheHauge and London.) A German casualty list, issued to-day, contains thenames of about 11,500 killed, woundedand missing.FLASHES VICTORY FOR ALLIES.AMSTERDAM, Oct. 23. The Burgomaster of Weduyne, Belgium, nearBlatkenberghe, has wired to Ardenburg that the allies have won a greatvictory between Chalons and Longwy,and that 70,000 men, 600 guns and 31colors have been captured. There isno confirmation of the report.AMERICANS BLINDED BY PEACEPROPAGANDA.WASHINGTON, Oct 23. To determine the preparedness of the UnitedStates for war, offensive or defensive,Representatiye A. L. Gardner, of Massachusetts, Republican, .has startedhis colleagues by introducing a resolution to create a National SecurityCommission to make a thorough inquiry and report to Congress its findings. Gardner proposes that the commission consist of three Senators appointed by the President of the Senate; three members of the House ofRepresentatives, appointed by theSpeaker, and three other persons ap-' rointed by the President."The United States is wholly unprepared for a war, defensive or offensive, against a real power," said Gardner. "In my opinion the effect of thevast sum of money spent by Mr. Carnegie in his peace propaganda hasbeen to blind Americans to the factthat our national security from a military point of view is undermined."WHY NOT PUBLISH IT?When you want a fdet to becomegenerally known, the right way is topublish it. Mrs. Joseph Kalians,Peru, Ind., was troubled with belching, sour stomach and frequent headaches. She writes: "I feel it myduty to tell others what Chamberlain's Tablets have done for me.They have helped my digestion andregulated my bowels. Since usingthem I have been entirely well."For sale by all dealers.(oct-adv)Comfortably Fixed.Student (to visitor, as they settleddown for a chat) "I am extremelysatisfied with my apartments. I havea dining" room, a study, smoking room,and bedroom, and just think how convenient all in one!"YOUR FALL COLDNEEDS ATTENTION.No use to fuss and. try to wear itout. It will wear you out instead.Take Dr. King's New Discovery, relief follows quickly. It checks yourCold and Soothes your Cough away.Pleasant, Antiseptic and Healing.Children like it. Get a 50c bottlekeep it in the house. "Our familyCough and Cold Doctor" writesLewis Chambelrlain, Manchester,. O.Money bac if not satisfied, but itI nearly afwayshelps.(oct-adv)SIRUP FROM APPLESDepartment of Agriculture Makesa New Discovery.Will Enable Cider Mills to Make 2Valuable Product From ExcessApples and Culls SeeksPublic Service Patent.Washington. Following extensiveexperiments begun last spring, thehead of the fruit and vegetable utilization laboratory of the department ofagriculture has applied for a publicservice patent covering the making ofa new form of table sirup from applejuice. This patent will make the discovery, which the specialists believewill be of great value to all applegrowers as a means of utilizing theirculls and excess apples, common property of any cider mill in the UnitedStates which wishes to manufactureand sell apple cider sirup.The new sirup, one gallon of whichis made from seven gallons of ordinary cider, is a clear ruby or ambercolored sirup of about the consistencyof cane sirup and maple sirup. Properly sterilized and put in sealed tinsor bottles, it will keep indefinitely,and when opened will keep underhousehold conditions as well as othersirups. It has a distinct fruity aromaand special flavor of its own, which isdescribed as being practically ' thesamo as the taste of the sirupy substance which exudes from a bakedapple.The sirup can be used like mapleir? other sirups for griddle cakes,cereals, household cookery and as flavoring in dessertu. The governmentcooking experts are at present experimenting with it in cookery and expectshortly to issue recipes for use of thenew sirup in old ways and for takingadvantage of its special flavor in noveldishes.The department chemists have already produced over ten gallons ofthis sirup in their laboratories, usingsummer and other, forms of apples.The success of the experiments hasgreatly interested some of the applegrowers, and during October a largecider mill in the Hood RiveP valley,Oregon, will, in co-operation with thegovernment chemists, endeavor toproduce 1,000 gallons on a commercial scale and give the new product athorough market test by making itaccessible through retailers in a limited field. The interest of apple growers in the product arises from thefact that the new apple cider siruppromises to give them a commercialoutlet for vast quantities of windfalland other apples for which they hitherto could find no market either inperishable raw cider or in vinegar.Cider production, it seems, comeslargely at one season of the year, during which the market is more or lessflooded with this perishable product.The bulk and perishability of the rawcider, moreover, the cider makersstate, often make it unprofitable forthem to ship the raw cider of one district long distans to a r.cn-apple-growingregion. The market for cider,therefore, has been largely restrictedin many cases to localities near thearea of production. No method ofsterilizing ordinary cider has beenfound practical for the reason thatboiling cider at once interferes withits delicate flavor.With the cider mill able to make apalatable, long-keeping table sirup outof its apple juice, growers, it is believed, will be able to use all excessjuice for bottled or canned applesirup. The new sirup, the specialistsfind, will keep indefinitely, so that thecider makers can market it graduallythroughout the year.The process for making the sirupcalls-for the addition to a cider mill ofa filter press and open kettles, orsome other concentrating apparatus.The process is described as follows:The raw cider is treated with puremilk of lime until nearly, but notquite, all of the natural malic acidsare neutralized. The cider is thenheated to boiling and filtered througha filter press, an essential feature ofprocess. The resultant liquid is thenevaporated either in continuous evaporators or open kettle, just as ordinary cane or sorghum sirup istreated. It then is cooled and allowedto stand for a short time, whichcauses the lime and acids fo formsmall crystals of calcium malate. Thesirup is then refiltered through thefilter press, which removes the crystals of calcium malate and leaves asirup with practically the same basiccomposition as ordinary cane sirupIts flavor, however, and appearanceare distinctive.Calcium malate, the by-product, isa substance used in medicine and atpresent selling for $2 per pound. Itis believed that if calcium malatecan be produced in this way cheaplyand in large quantities, it can be madecommercially useful in new ways,possibly in the manufacture of bakingpowder.The cost of making tfcis sirup on acommercial scale will be determinedduring the test in October.Bites Gold Ring in Bread.Pratt, Kan. George Spencer, a barber of this city, was eating dinrierwhen he bit on something hard. Examination proved it to be a solid goldring. Elmo Williams, the baker atGregory's, bakery, lost the ring whileshaping the loaves. Spencer .receiveda dollar's worth of bread tickets forthe return of the ring.ARE YOUR KIDNEYS JWELiL,Many Paris People Know the Importance or Healthy Kidneys.The kidneys filter the blood. ,They work day-anl night.'Well kidneys remove impuritiss.Weak kidneys allow impurities tomultiply.No kidney ill should be neglected.There is possible danger in delay.. If you have backache or urinarytroubles,If you are nervous, didzy or worniut,Begin treating your kidneys atonce;Use a proven, kidney remedy.None endorsed like Doan's KidneyPills.Recommended by thousands.Proved by Winchester testimony.A. G. McCauley, 134 S. Maple St.,Winchester, Ky., says: "I had painsthrough my kidneys and the kidneysecretions were scanty and painful inpassage. On the recommendation ofa friend, I got a bor of Doan's KidneyPills and the results of their use convinced me of th'tir merit. I nowgladly confirm what I said aboutthem before."The above is not an isolated case.Mr. McCauley is only one of manyin this vicinity who have gratefullyendorsed Doan's. If your back achesif your kidneys bother you, don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyask distinctly fqr Doan's KidneyPills, the same that Mr. McCauleyhad. 50c all stores. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y.(Advertisement.)Two Opinions.When he heard some one say:"When a country is ready for war allh 1 can't stop it," Brother Williamsmade this comment: "Well, one erdese days h 1 will sho' stop de folksdat make war, an' Satan'll make umhop high on de hot pavements." Atlanta Constitution.He Was Right.Antiquated female "My dear friendsI do not believe manslaughter shouldbe punished by death." "No," said amean man in the audience, "it is badenough that there should be one manless."An Old Fifend.Humorous Artist "I've brought youan original funny ioke this time. Afriend of mine thought of it." Editor(after reading it) "Yes, it is funny;but I prefer the drawing that waspublished with it in the seventies!"Punch.TONED UP WHOLE SYSTEM."Chamberlain's Tablets have donemore for me than I ever dared hopefor ," writes Mrs. Esther Mae Baker,Spencerport, N. Y. "I used severalbottles of these tablets a few monthsago. They not only cured me ofbilious attacks, sick headaches andthat tired out feeling, but toned upmy whole system." For sale by alldealers.(oct-adv)True to Type.The Customer "These grand operaphonograph records are no good. -Ican't get anything out of half of them."The Salesman "They are our finestachievement. You can never tell whenthese records will sing. They're sotempc. amcntal." London Opinion.Matter cf Lcve.If a man really loves a woman hewill give up smoking for her, but if 1she reclly loves him she won't ask himto. Exchange.IT ALWAYS DOES THE WORK."I like Chamherlain's Cough Rem-edy hetter than any other," writes iR. E. Roberts, Homer City, Pa. "Ihave taken it off and on for yearsand- it has never failed to give the !desired effect." For sale, by all deal-.ers. j(oct-adv)TOO MANY CHILDRENarc under-size, wider-weightwith pinched faces and poor blood; thejdo not complain but appetite lags, thevhave no ambition and do not progress.Such children need the rich medicinalnourishment in Scott' Emulsion aboveeverything else ; its pure cod liver oil contains nature's own blood-forming, fleshbuilding fats which quickly show in rosycheeks, better appetite, firm flesh andsturdy frames.If your children are languid, tiredwhen rising, catch cold easily or findtheir studies difficult, give them Scott'sEmulsion; it supplies the very -food elements that their systems lack.Scott's Emulsion contains no alcoholand is so good for growing children it's apity to keep it from them.14-47 Scott &Bowne, Bloomfield. N. J. .Round trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily from Oct. 1st, 1914, toApril 30, 1915, to all principal touristpoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico,Texas and Havana, Cuba, with finalreturn limit May 31, 1915, with verylibeval stop-over privileges. Also lowround-trip Home-Seekers tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, Louisianaand Mississippi, on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month, with finalreturn limit vfteen days from date ofsale. For further information, call onor address,J. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H.-HARRIS, Agt.KiliMMM a iNever Warp,Crack,R6f,Curl or; Burn-:Uk3rtWoo.d Shingles'They can be laid right over an old wood-shingle roof without dirt or bother,, and they make it stormproof and fireproof.5 They're inexpensive. For particulars addressBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.BourbonI DWIS & FUNK, Props.W Telephone No. 4. West 5 Streetyftg: .y.i i I VlSTTJ I" r - -BourbonfParisfIs Your Coal Bin Full?Our Coal will give, the best results inyour heating stove and furnace, aswell as in your cooking stove.The Coal we sell burns better, givesmore heat and lasts longer than anyany other Coal. Give us a trial order.Dodson DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St. Both Phones 140.1!sSSSCSsSSSXagissCjSSJllg1GEO,W.FUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBAliELBOTH'PfiONES DAI 137; NIGHT 299." matmmPans Odorless Cleaning Co. tLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your' clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedjo your satisfaction.We ' Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.1Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.Aerated Milk-Why will you pay five cents formilk when you can get the bestmilk in the market for four cents?.Phone us at the Woodlawn Dairy.(Home Phone 79; B. T. Phone 540.R. F. COLLIER,Woodlawn Dairy,(octl3-tf) Phones, Home 79; E.' T. 540.Laundry!We Take Pleasure. itoin oing tip the finest shirt- S$waists or anything in the Mjlanndrv lmf That is whav wmade lhe Bourbon Laundrtfamous foj- fine work and itr1fTTfr crnPQ VT?rTr rn ifa -rorkTt.Ti-tation. If you are particular Jabout how your linen is iftlannrlfvrprJ. vonronstom iq t,Ti v?kind we want as we like to fappreeiauee- - JLaundry,Kentucky.DAVISOuicklr relieves "Rhenmatlatn. Sore ilna-flf. WAIirnlmn Ra(1railiA TToar1afTlA anf)all Dains. Your moner back if it fails toheva any ache in any Dart of tho boit j.uxioen minutes time.Jfriee 50c. At A.U Druggists,Free sample and circular sent on zeqneiUBOURBON REMEDY COMPANY,34Z East Mam St., Lexington,!MBMIPMM HMMOHMvWfj;j.,f -t-Mtri 5r-T -V-rJ. iilv,? ' 'A.;-A,--3".O v"t,"ftl.f-hffi ".VV 1'vV.A.I?jtfiXV'THE BdUkBON NEWS PARIS;V OCTOBER 27, ;19WfZf ,t'"UTRllBS!fruit and Shade Trees, Shrubs,Grape Vines, Rhubarb, Asparagus, Peonies, Phlox,Roses, EtcEverything for Orchard, Lawnand Garden.No Agents. Free Catalogs!H. F. Ill MEIER&Bird in Panama Canal Zone.The bird resources of the canal zoneevidently are of much importance.Possibly if they are properly conservedthey will become one of the valuableassets of the United States. Havingpermitted so much reckless birdslaughter in this country that insectpests are increasing at an alarmingrate it would be well to take care ofthe birds that have been added to ournational possessions by reason of theacquisition of a section of Panama.Louisville Courier-Journal.SONSLexington, Kentucky.2CoclmCurtis &0verbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)CHAIRS -Expert BarbersPolite Attentionand Cold Baths atHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Publicronage Solicited.3 -HotTriumph of Mutes.It was but the other day when thetriumph of the deaf and dumb facedme. It was a ship just starting fromSouthampton to Canada. You knowthe unheard shouts during the lasthour from the shore. There were twomen, deaf and dumb, .talking quietlywith their fingers to the brother onboard, who could reply. They were theonly three that could talk freely amongthe unheard tumult. London Chronicle.LiS GOVERNINGIHE MR DURINGPERIODS OF WARBig Conflict Finds Little Done toRegulate Aeroplanes.HAGUE ACTION IS IMPOTENTOnly England and Austria-Hungary Favored Restriction of the Use ofFlying Machines AeronautsNot Considered Spies.Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j jg,.APalResidenceE. T. 334.Home 834.DK. A. B RELIiEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis - - KentuckylewBarberSliopCorner Fourth and MainModern EquipmentPolite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDCanal Bros.Barber Shop.Prompt and Courteous At Itention to n rairons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.J J. WIIiLilAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAWOffice, Basement of Court House.Bank Row Entrance.PARIS iNTERURBAr SCHEDULE' CITY CAR ONLY.J. S. Wallingford, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,Phoncs31 PARTS, KYCANCER CUREDI guarantee every case ! undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.LVe. Court House. Lve. Station 547:10 a m 7.15 a m7.45 a m 8.00 a m8.15 a m 8.30 a m8.45 a m 9.00 a m9.15 a m 9.30 a m9.45 a m 10.00 a m10.15 a m 10.30 a m10.45 a m 11.00 a m11.15 a m 11.30 a m11.45 am 11.50 a m12:05 p m ' 12.15 p m12.45 p m 1.00 p m1.15 p m 1.30 p m1.45 p m 2.00 p m2.15 p m , 2.30 p m2.45 p m 3.00 p m3.15 p m 3.30 p m3.45 p m 4.00 p m4.15 p m 5.00 p m5.15 p m 5.30 p m""5.40 p m 5.50 p mG.05 p m 6.15 p mG.30 p m 6.40 p mCity Limits Only.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave Lexington Leave ParisFor Paris for Lexington6.00 am 6:45 a m7:20 a m 7:30 a m8:00 a m 8:15 a m8:50 a m 9:00 a m10:20 a m 9:45 a m11:50 a m 11:15 a m1:20 p m 12:45 p m2:50 q. m 2:15 p. m3:30 p m 3:45 p m4:20 p m 4:30 p m5:00 p m 5:15 p m6:00 p m 6:05 p m7:20 p m 6:50 p m9:10 p m 8:15 p m11:00 p m 10:05 p mDaily except Sunday-New York. Battle in the air, the destruction of the mightiest fortifications by veritable cloudbursts of explosives and the spying out of militaryworks or maneuvers from the deadlyvantage point of the aviator are ailideas which have appealed stronglyto fiction writers, a writer in the NewYork Times remarks. It it is in thepresent European conflict that thefleets of the air will be given their firstTeal test, and possibly their last one,for many authorities believe that they. will add intolerable horrors to war andthat as fighting machines at least theywill be banished by internationalagreement before another conflicttakes place.International law is a complex andslowly growing body of rules which hasbeen built up by the association of thenations of the world with each other.The science of aeronautics has grownso rapidly that it has outstripped thepondeious machinery of internationalconferences. As a result the greatest Iof wars is now in progress, with littleor no agreement between the contending powers as to what constitutes aproper use of air vehicles in the carrying on of hostilities. In "The Lawof the Air," written by Harold D. Hazeltine, the laws concerning the use ofthe air are discussed. Doctor Hazeltineis an English authority on international law and his book consists of a seriesof lectures delivered at the Universityof London.Doctor Hazeltine first discusses thegeneral principles concerning the control of the air space by the state. Be- icause of the short time during whichthis has been a matter of any importance no very definite conclusionshave been reached. Many authoritieson international law hold that the airis free to all, and that any device fornavigating it has the same right totravel through any part of it that avessel has to voyage anywhere on thehigh seas. A number of rather ingenious arguments in support of this viewhave been worked out by those whoadvocate it, but neither general opin-ion nor any statute has ever recognized such a stand.The opinion which is generally held,and on which all nations act when theyarrest foreign aeroplanes which flyabove their territory without permission, is that each country holds absolute sovereignty of the air space aboveits territory.During the Franco-Prussian war of1870 some attempts were made to useballoons for observing the movementsof the hostile armies. The status ofaeronauts had not been defined at thatthe hostile party." Under this provision aviators seeking information couldhardly be regarded as spies, for theyoperate without false pretenses andwithout clandestinity.As soon as there was some indication that flying machines might beperfected, the international lawmakerswere at once struck with the questionof their use for the dropping of explosives. The same conference at whichthe laws concerning the treatment olairmen taken prisoner during war werepassed took an important stand on theexplosive question, and one which, itis to be regretted, has not been continued. In January of 1899 CountMouravieff of St. Petersburg sent a circular to the states to be representedat The Hague, in which he urged "theprohibition of the discharge of projectiles or explosives of any kind fromballoons or by any similar means."The subject was given a brief consideration and the law suggested bythe Russian count was adopted for aperiod of five years, which expired onSeptember 4, 1905. Bight years laterit appeared that the action of the tribunal was not prompted so much byhumanitarian feelings as by the belielthat air craft were not destined to playan important part in any war inthe near future. When the secondgathering at The Hague took place, in1907, it was impossible to inspire anyof the great European powers with thesentiments to which they had unanimously subscribed in 1890. The progress madevin the science of aerial navigation had been so extraordinary thatthe military powers were deeply interested, and very few of them wished tagive up this new method of attack.England and Austria-Hungary were olthe party in favor of the limitation oJarmaments, and accordingly favoredrestriction of the use of aeroplanesLord Reay, the British delegate, argued that it would be most unfortunateannnnrmfmniisJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!mmimp: - - vwmwjJtr w'v"v v.'-.-., ' y-'Jk.,AeroplanesHoveringship.Over a Battle-TRE JQB R0OfiBS OfTHE ,NEWSAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asif AW PIBell TelephoneBulletins8 PRECAUTIONS AGAINST TROUBLEDespite the time, money andenergy ve spend in our constantefforts to give efficient telephoneservice troubles are liable to occurand do occur. "Whether the trouble is vrith the operating, with, theinstrument or with the accountingdepartment we want prompt reports. Oftentimes subscribers donot report troubles to us but tellall their neighbors and friends andgive the impression that our wholesystem is improperly conducted.This is unfair to us and unfair tothe subscriber.AVe take every precaution toprevent troubles and we are anx-ous to correct those that do occur.Our whole success depends uponthe quality of our service. It isU we have for sale. If the operator appears to you to be at faultm if vnnr instrument does notseem to work properly we want toknow about it immediately. Wecan explain how certain defectsoccur, but we have no excuse forpoor operating. It is our worstenemy and you can help yourseUif you will make prompt report indetail.Sometimes annoying incidentsoccur for which we are not toblame. Our subscribers are reasonable people and we are sureeach of them will be glad to helpus, in this small way, to give goodtelephone service.Call the office and make promptreports when ycu have difficultieswith your service.IimMr SteJB..' WMMmMmi'HlHHHKilHHHBeH83&i8&S& 'Airship Bombarding a Battleship.to add a third expensive arm to thefighting force of nations already overburdened with the coat of their naValand military operations. France andGermany opposed this view, on theground that they could not afford togive up advantages which might beve' great in th future if progress inthe new science of the air continuedas rapidly as it seemed likely to do.After much dibcussion a vote wastaken on a measure providing for the;continuance of the prohibition adopted Jat the 1S99 convention until the termination of the third peace conference, scheduled for 1915. Of the 44states repiesented only 27 adopted themeasure, and the only important countries to do so were England and Austria. The signing of this declarationby these tAo nations will have no effect in the present war, because it isexpressly provided that if either ofthem has an ally- in any war who hasnot adopted the measure it is not binding on them.'The only attempt made to limit the,activities of air craft was an addition ito the rule of the Brussels conferenceof 1S74 reading: "The attack or bombardment of towns, villages, habitations or buildings v. Inch are not de-1fended is forbidden." This was supplemented by the words "by any imeans whatever."Except for the restriction concern-'ing undefended places it can be said-that there is no law governing theuse ot aeioplanes and dirigibleb in thepresent war. Anything which can bedone to harass the enemy is permissible. , In the matter of wireless telegraphy ,some international rules have alsoJ been adopted, but they are not of muchj importance in this war, and it is hardI to see now tney couia ever oe eni forced. The chief provision is that any !' neutral country may order belligerentcountries to cease from sending wireless messages across its territory. Itis very unlikely that such a coursewould be taken, because it would inall probability be disregarded.f&- XJfBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, invitations,given prompt attention.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYINCORPORATEDtime, and Bismarck ordered that anywho might be captured he consideredlleletTnXont' WIZARD BURBANK IS OUTDONEwere not treated as military prisoners,and were not executed. It was no ' Potatoes and Tomatoes Are Grown onuntil the first Hague convention, in Same Plant by Gardener in1S99, that the position of balloonists ! Britton, S. D.in time of war was defined. JThe conference decided that balloon- j Britton, S. D. Plants with potatoesists are not spies if they are sent "to i on their roots and tomatoes on theirdeliver dispatches" or to "generally ' tops, raised here by H. E. Benson, maymaintain communication between the j yet place him in the garden wizardvarious parts of "an army or territory." i class with the famous Burbank.This ruling fails to provide for the i In appearance the plants are of thetreatment of aviators who may be cap-, ordinary potato variety, but at theirtured in. the act of gaining information, tops are large bulbs resembling tobut such activity seems to be provided matoes in both meat and seeds. Jfor in a definition of a spy 'which was Whether or not these are the oradopted at the same time. This de-1 dinary potato balls often seen or a iclared that "an individual can only be ; growth caused by the mixing of theconsidered a spy if, acting clandestine-.) pollen of the tomato and potato blosly or on false pretenses, he obtains, j soms is -not certain,' although the lator seeks to obtain, information in the ter explanation of the odd combinazone of operations of a belligerent with ' tion plant is believed to be 'the trueT.pr its ftcrllrp with 7n11 nntjSZ on your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type7 is new and modernfaces..;Cbe Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.SmWiWut z'"--rs.mthe intention of communicating it to o--,:Om?$-14t,tv VX -.y, 7.:- - k,vv-.;.v ,-y-$"VcV" s-35y-JT"i - if sTHE BOURBON NEWSr PARIS. KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 2?,; 1914Ml 1 1 1 1 1 l4I4if44i4il4iilff-I'i'llM'lWolf, Wile & Go.Formerly Jfcaufmanj Straus dc Co.Ijexington, ISLy .CAMPAIGN COMMITTEE ISREADY TO DO GOOD WORK.T(e Fall Event ol I9KReduced Price Sale ofWoolen . Dress Goodsfor Two Weeks, Beginning October1 9 and Ending October 31 , 1914;Not a family in this city or vicinity can afford to overlook this ONE greatest opportunity to buy a ladies',misses' or child's woolen dress length or skirt lengtr ofthese choice woolens. They are the best 'American WoolMaterials, woven on American made machinery. Theirvalues are from $1.25 ta $2.50 a yard.CHOICE FOR TWO WEEKS,75c a YardAt the extreme low price above quoted and to fosterthe idea of using Merchandise Made in America, it cansafely be stated that all our customers from Lexington andthe neighboring cities and counties will avail themselves ofthis two weeks' offer and that they will emphasize theirintention to buy preferablyAmerican-Made GoodsWe are contributing OUR share of promoting the everincreasing demand for goods made in our own country bythe total disregard of profits in this two weeks WoolenGoods Sale.The anticipation of a large business on these materialsabove offered prompts us to state in advance that no samples will be cut from this special offer lot of merchandise,none of them will be held for later delivery except on out:right purchase.cWOLF, WILE & CO.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Kentuckytz5From all indications the Democraticvoters of Bourbon county will roll upa handsome majority at the regularelection on November 3 for the Democratic nominees, Beckham, Camdenand Cantrill. A well-organized committee of campaign workers is actively organized in getting matters into shape looking to bringing out thefull vote of the Democrats of Bourbon county this fall.Politicians who are thoroughlyconversant with the situation, areunanimous in the opinion that Beckham, Camden and Cantrill will pollthe largest majority in the comjngelection of any Democratic candidatesin recent years.Since the appointment as .Chairman of the Bourbon County CampaiguCommittee, Mr. Wm. G. McClintockhas been very active in getting hisforces together with the result' thata perrect organization nas Deen accomplished and the wheels have already been set in motion.Following the registration, whichshowed that the Democrats in thecity were greatly in the majority,anl with the county 'outside the citywell up with a majority for the Democrats, there is not the least fearexpressed on the part of local Democrats of any falling off in the Democratic vote.Reports from all over the. countyare to the effect that there is everyreason for a .feeling of encouragement and the Democratic leaders declare that the outlook was never sobright for the success of the partycandidates as at present. As a finishto a thorough campaign that has-beenplanned, the State campaign managers are preparing for a whirlwindswing around the circuit during thelast days of the campaign in whichBourbon county will take part.simo:n"sParis Kentucky.tJiuthentic Jalt Jashions5or the Well Dressed 9omanJust a little of your time spent in our Coat and Suit Department will unfold many charming and novel conceits atprices that will surprise you.We are showing a magnificent collection of New TailoredSuits for Ladies, Misses and Juniors the season's verylatest fashions.Don't miss seeing our line of Coats for Ladies, Misses,Juniors and Children, embracing every new style and fabricthat will be used this winter.JUST WHAT YOU WANT.Yoy will find just the lumber youneed to build your corn cribs, at ourplant.(27-4t) BOURBON LUMBER Co."DR," COOPER ARRESTED."Dr." Lee T. Cooper, who was inParis several days with a patentmedicine show on the public square,was arrested in Lexington, Fridaynight, on a warrant sworn out by Dr.L. C. Redmon, Secretary of the Fayette County Medical Society, charging him with selling: medicines andnostrums without a State medicalI'X"X''XOnce in a while a woman will bebo hard up for something to "boastabout that she will brag of a husb&nd who chews tooacco in bed andswallows the juice.license. The warrant was sworn outat the instance of Dr. A. T. McCormick, President of the State Board ofHealth."Dr." Cooper was taken beforeJustice Charles Dodd and gave bondin the sum of $100, with J. A. Edgeas surety.When informed that the Statelicense cost ?100 Cooper produced themoney, but was informed that hewould have to send his medicines toDr. McCormick for analysis before apermit could be granted him.Much excitement was created byi Cooper's denunciation of the medicalThis is a pretty good old world. J profession in Kentucky in general and"But it was a much pleasanter place . he said that it lie were arrested hebefore the Board of Health prohibited PY0"1 remain in the State and see, ,. , . , ,,. J that the law regarding itinerant doc-the reeling, punching or handling or tors is changed by the next Legisla-Dressed Poultry.gMgMgxgK fnfrJMX.lfrfrture.iCharming Silk and SatinDressesExclusive models in Basque and Redingateeffects, stylishly trimmed. Colors Russiangrey, new blue, plum, brown, navy andFashionable SergeDressesBasque and Redingate Models, correctlymade, perfect fitting; in all the new shades.Messaline and CrepePetticoatsIn all the leading shades.SkirtsThe latest Fall Styles, finely tailored, madeof Serge, Cheviots and Crepes.WaistsIn the newest models and a wonderful variety. Flowered Chiffons, Roman striped,plain colored Crepe de Chine, Messaline Netsand Laces.Also, Crepes, Noiles and Batistes in Vesteeeffects.MillineryTailored Styles and Trimmed Hats, embodying the latest authentic styles, shapes,shades, trimmings and effects at prices astonishingly reasonable.We have a complete line of Maish Laminated CottonDown Comforts, Fine Blankets, Table Linen, Napkins andTowels, Etc.We are sole agents for Eiffel Brand Hosiery, MunsingUnderwear and Warner's Rust Proof Corsets.HARRY SIMONPARIS, KENTUCKYXIXXXXXXTHFATRICALXNew Fall and Winter Model.;. IN ..:EXCLUSIVEMILLINERYColumbia Theatre To-morrow."The Million Dollar Mystery"Episode No. -6 Drawn Into theQuicksand The "Black Hundred"resorts to treachery within the Houseof Mystery. Cunningly they getFlorence and Susan to visit AtlanticI City. Midst their joys again the, "Black Hundred's" treachery stalks.With the utmost deviltry they planJ the separation of Florence and Susan.They plan the most harrowing con-' finement for Florence. Love's power! pulls Norton to the scene. He discovers their plans, then roliows battle after battle, rescue and recapture,1 ending in Florence wildly falling intothe deadly quicksand, firmly impris-i oned and sinking deep with onlyNorton's wit, strength and manhoodthere to save her.I A two-part ( Eclair) feature will! also be shown, entitled "The Charac-ter Woman." The old-charkicter-woiman knew life and men. She sacrifices much to save the leading womanDEATHS.REGISTER TO-MORROW.age,:'tiifrom a fate like her own.man-interest story.A big hu-If you can't go to the court house-to-dayto register, remember that youcan go to-morrow. If you were out otown or sick on the regular registration day you have the privilege of; registering to-morrow. Don't delay,or forget it, for the election of aSenator and Representative will takeplace next month, and unless you areregistered you will lose your vote.LAWRENCE.Charles Lawrence, 37 years 'ofdied at his home, 666 WestSecond street, in Lexington, Saturdaymorning of a complication of diseases. He is survived by his father, R.A. Lawrence, and one sister, Mrs.Minnie Thomas, oL, Paris. Fourbrothers also survive him Henry,Georce and Harvev. of Lexineton.and Clarence, of Paris. Funeral ser-Up TOr paying Cityvices were conducted at the resi-i taxes. Pay NOW anddence at 11 o'clock Sunday morning. I ovl -f ri rt rt-t- --.TMio hrwlv wnc intorrod in lio T.ov. t ""T. ... j-r-ington cemetery. jSAVE PENALTY.The time is about:ELLETT.Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger receiveda telegram Sunday night from Mrs.Rose Lowry, of Columbia, Tenn., formerly of Paris, advising her of thedeath there of Mrs. Lowrv's daughter,Mrs. William Ellett.alty. Only five daysmore.C. K. THOMAS,. City Collector.THE BEST HEATER AND RANGEGet the New Process Gas Range-and Heater, frnm the. Tpnrlina- ztn-veMrs. Ellett was formerly. Miss Lucv monA. R WHEELER & CO.R 600.We now have on display" the newestLate cAutumn and Winter1Dressy" Hats for afternoonthe feature of thisdesigns ofcTWillinery.and evening wear aredisplay.Thirty-eight persons were immersed at the Christian church Saturday afternoon by Rev. W. E. Ellis,f and a number of others, made confession who were not prepared to be, with the congregation on recommendation from other churches.J Sunday school was held at all thelocal churches Sunday morning, at!9:30 o'clock, but there was no preach' ing in the morning -jr in the eveningj except at the Tabernacle on EastSeventh Street, by Evangelist Ham.There was a communion service atthe Christian Church following theBible School.Lowry. She was first married to Mr.Joseph Patton, a well-known telegraphoperator, who was here in the traindispatcher's office ot the Louisville &Nashville for many years. About tenyears ago she was "married to Mr.Ellett, and went to Columbia, Tenn.,to reside.The remains were interred yesterdayin the Columbia Cemetery.Mrs. Ellitt's old friends and schoolmates here will be grieved to learnof her death.EARLY SELECTIONS AREADVISABLE!Embryo & Co.EVERY LOAD GUARANTEED.We guarantee every load of coalto give, satisfaction. Phones 336.(15-tf) J. H. BATTERTON.HOME DESTROYED BY FIREcTWain Street, East. -Lexington, Ky.The home ot" Mr. James Martinwas entirely destroyed by fire about7 p. m. Thursday. The home waslocated on the Judy pike about threemiles east $ of Millersburg. Mrs. Martin had started the fire in a family,room, using coal oil on the kindling.Immediately after lighting the fireshe left the room, and while theI family was at supper a few minutes1 after, it was discovered that the enj tire front of the building then wason fire. It is supposed after theI kindling ignited the fire ignited thej lambdequin on tse mantlepiece. Thei house and contents were insured for2,500 with the Hurst Home Co.Fire, wind and lightning Insurance. 1 Thonias, Woodford & Bryan.Mill.GRAIN-GARR.Dr. Clj'de Garr and Miss BerniceCrain, both well-known youns: neoDleof Plemingsburg, were married at JLexington, Friday by Rev. . O. J.Chandler, of the Methodist church.The groom is a prominent youngphysician of Flemingsburg, andthe bride is the pretty and attractive Idaughter of Mr. Samuel Crain, of:riemmgsDurg, anu is weu-Known inthis city, where she has frequentlyvisited Dr. and Mrs. Harry Mathers.-BHTHSL- , $&t, iTOKnfwiTTiii)GASto the wife of MrMiss Ethel Hukill,ElmeraBorn,Nichols, needaughter.To the wife of E. H. Williams, jon tha E. P. Clax, Jr., farm, Thurs-day night, a son. jTo the wife of Mordecai Lowe, onthe Geo. Wyatt farm, near Ruddles 'Mills, a daughter. jSAVE YOUR COAL BILLS.When you get ready to lay in yourwinter coal we can saye you money.Phones 336.- v '(15-tf) J.JEi; BATTERTON.HEATEBS!PRICES$4.00 to $25.00INSTALLED.Satisfaction Guaranteed.Paris 0as- !eclilc Co.- (Incorporated),rr' "x V , J ' rX 'r-,- , f -W -J "vW - u 'Tip-' 'THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS KENTUCKY,,IER 27, 19W.';;agMMtA'7HAS THE BEST'OF ALL LINES MADECOUNTY TAX DUE.The county tax listsarc now ready. Payyour taxes before December 1, and savethe six per cent, penalty that will attachon all unpaid taxeson that date.W. r. TALBOTT,Sheriff Bourbon County.oLIPERSONAL.Readers of the BourbonNews will confer a favor ifthey will call No. 124, bothphones, and telephone us anyitems of news they may learn,particularly the coming andgoing of visitors. If youhave guests, show them thecourtesy of giving their namesto our paper.COLD WEATHER.Is here aud we have the Coal toKeep you warm. Phone us your order. (oct27-lt) C. S. BRENT & BRO.Mr. Samuel Kerslake is visitinghis sister, in New York.Mrs. Georgia Spears has returned from a visit to Mrs. Clay, in Lexington. Miss Louise Wyatt, of this city,is a guest of Mrs. J. W. Boyd, inCynthiana.Mrs. P. A. Shackleford has returned from a visit to Miss JosephineSmith, in Shelbyville.Mrs. H. G. G. Riser is at homeafter a visit to her sister, Mrs. M. A.Wells, in Richmond.Mrs. Charles A. McMillan hasreturned from a visit to Mrs. SamuelW. Willis, in Winchester.Mrs. Sallie Ireland Neal, of Macon, Ga is a guest of Mrs. SallieCollins, at North Middletown.Mr. Hugh Minor has returijred tohis home in Cannel City, after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Faulkner.Miss Bessie Rogers, of Georgetown, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.Roy Clendenin, on Cypress street.Mrs. Edward Summers has returned from a visit to her parents,Mr. and Mrs. James Heiser, m Falmouth. The Ladies' Aid Society of thePresbyterian Church will hold an allday meeting in, the church parlorstn-rinvOysters served in all styles, chilli rhn tt ato- i,c r0irn0,iup and all kinds of short order , Irosn a Visit of severaf months to her ILaches at ail hour-. Farmers given (1oliehi.fir. ATrs Hnnw ru, .-.,, ,;SMOKING CHIMNEYCAUSES FIRE ALARM.An alarm from Box 18 called thefire department to Eighth and Mainlate yesterday afternoon, where burning soot in a chimney on the residencecf Mrs. Biddy Higgins, adjoinisg Martin Bros.' livery stable, caused thealarm to be sent in. No damage andno loss.THE BALMACAAN OVERCOAT.The popular garment for early fall.You'll find a pleasing assortment ofall the new fabrics here at $15to ?30.J. W. DAVIS & CO.GOOD THINGS TO EAT.. "WETS" ENTER MOTION.Before the Bourbon County Contest Board yesterday, attorneys forthe "wets" entered a motion to quashthe, notice and grounds filed by the"drys" contesting the election heldin the City of Paris on Saturday, September 26, two days before the Countvi election, at which time the county asa wnole voted dry. The contentionof the wets was that as the notice ofcontest was filed by the drys beforethe vote had been vanvassed and before the certificate of the CanvassingBoard was filed'in the County Clerk'soffice, the action of the drys was taken prematurely, and was thereforenull and void. The Board of Contestoverruled the motion and the casewill go to the Court of Appeals.In the constest over the dry election held on September 28, both sidesasked tor and were granted furthertime to take depositions.4,BUGGY ROBES AND vFOOT WARMER.Beautiful selection of Buggy Robesjust received. The best quality andj most serviceable patterns. No carriage or automobile is complete theseautumn days without one of our footwarmers. The best made.(27-4t) LAVIN & CONNELL.BURGLAR SCARE.Sunday night a telephone messagefrom the vicinity of Pleasant andFifth streets stating that burglarswere trying to break injto the rearend of Johnson's saloon next to Blakemore & Mitchell's sent the police andprivate detectives acurrying to thescene. After making a careful survey of the premises and finding everything locked and safe, the officersreached the conclusion that the scarewas occasioned by some "dry" customer endeavoring to get his whistlewet by forcible means. No one wasfound on the place.SAVE PENALTY.The time is aboutup for paying citytaxes. . Pay NOW andsave TO percent penalty. Only five moredays.C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.THEJ1Tuesday. Oct. 27, 1914,8:15 p. M.Woodland ParkAuditorium: pedal attention on Saturdays andcourt days.(It) JAS. E. CRAVEN.BOURBON TO FURNISHTHANKSGIVING DINNER.daughter, Mrs. Horace Bacon, inLowell, Mass.Mrs. Robert Floyd and Miss Fannie Camery, of Covington, are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. L. W. Camery, onTenth street.Mrs. Effice Cline and Mrs. BerthaGaitskill, of Detroit, Mich., are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Geo. S. Moore, inNorth Middletown.Mrs. W. A. Oldham, of KansasCity, Mo., and Mrs. Mary E. Frazier,of Louisville, are guests of friendsI and relatives in this city.Bourbon county covets the honor offamishing President Woodrow Wilsonhis Thanksgiving turkey, judgingfrom the following advertisementwhich appeared recently in the columns of a local paper:"Wanted The largest young tur- Mrs. Mwnni M. Wn.iia.p.. nf Wrkey gobbler m Bourbon county for sailleSp and her guestf Miss williePresident Wilsons Thanksgiving Kennedy, of Cincinnati, were guestsdinner. Call n, either phone." of Mr aud Mrs N Ford Brent.J Mrs. Louis Edward and son, bfTHAT CHILLY FEELING. 1 Greensburg, Indiana, were guests sev-j eral days the past week of Mr. andFor that chilly feeling, we recom-1 Mrs. Virgil Swinford, in this city,mend our union suits of medium j Miss Anna May McCourt, ofveight the comfortable kind with t Winchester, who has just returned toAUTOMOBILE COLLISION.Two big automobiles in an endeavor to pass on the same track, yesterday, crashed into each other at thecorner of Main and Fifth streets, butno serious damage was done. Bothcars were coming in opposite directions, and in endeavoring to make thecorner at the same time collided. Theywere separated and sent on theirway.LEXINGTON. KY.For Sale.Radiant Home Heating Stove.Good as new. Call Et T. Phone No.187. (yt)LOST.closed crotch. 1 up.J. W.-DAVIS & CO.DEMOCRATIC SPEAKING.Between Paris and Cynthiana, twoweed chains from automobile. Suit-America, after a European trip, is aguest of Miss Margaret Shea, onWalker avenue.Dr. J. W. Williams left Thursday j aiie reWardafternoon for New YorkCity to take 121 HIGH ST., E. TrPHONE 193a special course in medicine, and dur- (27-3t)ing his absence Mrs. Willians will jin Mt.menusCongressman J. Campbell Cantrill,Democratic nominee for Congressfrom the Seventh Congressional Dis-visit relatives andtrict, to succeed himself, will address Vernon and London, Ky.the voters of Bourbon Countv, at j Mrs. Frank M. Thompson, of Crabthe court house, in this citv, Mondav j Orchard, Ky., was here Friday, theafternoon, November 2, (court dav) . guest of relatives. Mrs. Thompsonin the interest of his candidacy. jwas formerly Miss Sallie Hughes, aformer 'resident of Paris. She wasSEATS:53.52.50. $2, 5150. SIOn Sale AtThe Clarke's Remedies, rWe now own all the patents an d copyrights of the late Dr.Chas. J. Clarke. Dr. Upington will continue to put up these reliable remedies under the original Clarke formula, and we willhave them in stock at all times.Among the best known are Clarke's Nerve Ease, Clarke's Tonic, Clarke's Face Powder, Parisine Cream, Clarke's Tooth Wash,and Clarke's Cough Medicine.Also the following Poultry and Live Stock Remedies: Clarke'sLimberneck and Roup Remedy, Clarke's Liquid Poultry Tonic,Clarke's Gape Remedy, jCondition Powder for Stock, and Clarke'sHog Remedy.We want to supply these preparations to their many old friendsand know they are deserving of new friends. We recommendespecially Clarke's Nerve Ease for headache, and neuralgia, andClarke's Limberneck and Roup Remedy for Poultry disorders.These preparations have ail been thoroughly tested and hayeproven their merit.Your prescriptions accurately filled.1 The Ardery Drug Co.IClarke's Old Stand.C'I'I'C,I''I'IIoIX''I"2'Im;.it.Thomas, Woodford I& BryanFIRE WIND AND LIGHTNINGINSURANCEON TOBACCO AND BARNS.C. F. BROWER'S1!Main and Broadway,Lexington, Ky.PROMPT SETTLEMENTS.Public Auction,MR. WILLIAMS HONORED.I will sell 5 shares of the capitalirrl.- rf H10 Dannrft nnrl Ppnnlpa'returning from a visit to her sister, , Bank at public auction at n Q,clock;iuifa. riaiiK. iimuie, iii luiuuiu, , n Vnm1nv Knvpmhpr ? fnnhrt rlnvAt flio riirori cuooinn nf tlio rironil Canada. ! " rnriv ttt-tt t ta tto a 4-Lodge of Masons of Kentucky, in Lou-' The Tea Dance at the Phoenix (27-2t)? .1 - .- -r-v t Trr'ii ii ! TJf r1 in T nviiiirfnii C!nfiit1otr o f f or. Ilsvine. iir. uoueiass w imams, uie "i, m j.cAmGiuii, oam.ui,, Vuxwell-known clerk at the Baurbon noon was beautifully successful.House, in Paris, was accorded the Mrs. Edith Alexander Bronston wasunsolicited honor of being elected in charge and she and Mr. Ray GettyGrand Master of the First Veil of the gave some particularly artistic exhiGrand Chapter. Mr. Williams hastbition dancing. The tables were arlioon n lifoirmo- inomhar of Hip "Ufisnn-' ramred in the dining: room with aJOHN WILLIAMS, AgentGas Fitting.ic lodse. and has missed butmeetings of the Grand Lodgemany years.REDUCTION.Let us give you figures on fittingtwo J space for dancing and Miss Zita your home for natural gas. Workj Marguerite Welsh, the charming j full line of gas stoves for cookingyoung singer, won a great deal of ap- j and heating always on hand,plause with her well selected solos. J W. J. HUFFMAN,1 A large numer ol parties were j Cumb. Phone, 4i',Reduce the cost of living and in-1 given, the tables all decked with pink' (It) Bank Row, Paris, Ky.crease the comfort of the home by j and white cosmos and roses, and theinstalling one or more gas heaters scene was brilliant with the fashion-!.-old bv the Paris Gas & Electric Co. able crowd all charmed with Mrs. jYou owe it to vourseif and family to i Bronston and her manner of conduct-,-nstall gas for fuel. ' mg the ciansant.. One of the most elaborate andSOME TURTLE. ibeautitul society events of the autum-nal season was the reception givenHandsome R e s idence For Sale.My residence on Mt. Airy is forsale. One of the most modern homesin Paris. Every convenience. Prosvho viewed the immense j in honor of her daughter-in-law, the! ctive Duyers are invited to inspectl display in his show win- bride of Mr. Oscar Taylor Hinton, the landing ana premises."Kid Stout is always doing some- Friday afternoon by Mrs. William Q.iliing" was remarked by hundreds of Hinton at her home on High street,the curiousw'-ea turtle onIow Sunday and yesterday. "The who was Miss Elizabeth Whitridge, ! (ogjiy-tf )turtle weighs 104 pounds in its sox," of Baltimore, Md. The vguests were' "tt;a n. "",i .,- ot-q rmirtcr tn nut nipt p.t ihp. door hv little Miss Nancv ' -iVIU SCi Of &UU C ail U'"t3 -" "" I " (te soup to 'em uv.ul they rear up. Barbee Wilson, who received the tQ.a4HM &&$&$The first installment of tne beverage caras, ana .miss Annie iuay, wuu grit-MRS. M. A. PATONill be" served on Sunday and thene are going to shake 'em up for thevourt day boys Monday." (It)CHICKENS FOR SALE.ciouslv welcomed the ladies andshowed them into the parlor, wherethey were received by the hostess and j $her charming "new daughter, and hersister. Mrs. Edward Freeman, of Lex-, gington, a bride of a few months.ISO the finest chickens in Paris These ladies wore exquisite gownsdll fine breeds, for sale. Call on or . of white, the- younger Mrs. Hinton 9address wearing tne najiosorae weaning gownio-jm-X MPS u a PATON. . of? soft white satin entrain. Aftevgreeungs were excaameu me guestswere served with delicious punch bySUPPLEMENTAL REGISTRATIONOCTOBER- 26, 27, 28.Supplemental registration for thebt-nent of the city voters who did nott a chance to register on Octoberj, 'i!l be held at the court house today and to-morrow, October 27 and28. Only those voters who were sickor absent from the city at the lastreg;stration will be allowed to reg'"ster. All voters who expect to votein the November election and whore not now legally registered, willwav to avail themselves of the ec:nd opportunitey on the dates given.RAPID JUSTICE NEEDED.The Carlisle Democrat, comment"g on the recent brutal attack bynn unknown roan upon Miss PearlIroo-e, in this city, says: "If the"role cf Paris dort use some viout remedies to subdue that outland-i 'nfamous class of brutes, there ir"" 'elling what serious consequen'"' Tiay ensue..' belie e in heroic treatment inr i"i classes of .diseases as thri' l.zie of safety and we think .the"" kind of treatment in these casesis but justice o all concerned."'Misses Elizabeth Hinton and CarolynRoseberry from a . beautifully appointed table in the dining room, afterwhich an elaborate luncheon of substantial s was served in the diningroom, which was attractive with itshandsome appointments and decorations of yellow nasturtiums and dhal;as. Mrs. Snyder, of Louisville, asister cf the hostess, presided overthe- cogee cups, and others assistingwere Mrs. Clarence Freeman, of Lexington; Mrs. Jesse Turney and Mrs.J. T. Vansant. An orchestra furnished music throughout the hours. The"lall was decorated in crimson dahlas,the parlor in pure white, the library'n pink autumn flowers, the livingroom in pink and "white cosmos, andthe dining room in yellow. In addition to the friends already mentionedthose assisting Mrs. Hinton wereMrs. Amos Turney, Jr., Mrs. JohnDavis, Mrs. Lewis Taylor, MissRachel Wiggins, Mrs. Harry B. Claj',Mrs. J. Frank Clay, Mrs. Lewis Rogers, Miss Elizabeth Steele, Mrs. Robt."Yank, Mrs. Bismark Frank, Mrs. E.T Hinton, Mrs. H. A. Power and Mr.W. O. Hinton. About 200 guests enjoyed the hospitality.(Other Personals on Page 8.)000rot! theI14IRDon't forget to "combyour hair. When thereis anything in combs orbrushes that you want,don't miss us. We havegood hair brushes all theway from 25c up to 12.00.We "guarantee the bristlesto stay in all brushesworth 50c or more. Combsare 10c up to 75c, and webelieve Ave have just thekind you are looking for.If we haven't we can getit. If you want a firstclass hair tonic try ourIdeal it is a good oneand guaranteed. 50c abottle. We have all theadvertised kinds. Agood liquid shamnoo for25c a bottle. 'Peoples PharmacyPARIS, KY.f -iimaiiMiiiMiif'"iiiaiilittitliHimiililillMiHiittiiiniiiait1 SSftjafcBBroT mRj" Ift iMpjjfci 1 I MK17 C 1 III kBHP 4fcra S I k I Ljmv pTf&& & MjftoT -f7AU'T-AfAr nuc- . t5 JLAIMlgVJJUUXIUAUJLVm av T " - " r v k . r r na :1 1 imMeJdsriorjredrcfi! Therefore "."- " ' jsm 2sThat which you buy should be wGrth buying. We useevery endeavor to keep a stock of theVery Best Furniture, Rugs9'Wall Papers , '9 -Iand will be much pleased to have YOU come and-in-vestigate. We handle nothing second hand..THE I T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36 vUndertaking Ambulance Wood MantesIcDougal Kitchen Cabinets.10Poster Bros Safety Cribs..vJI-V&JX".-ltVfAv- Jft4v1 - i? - 7T, ., ..t J..vX?$&i?Jfc-77i''l, fi; ;- :.h 'v. :,rv - rr-" wt vav'A, . . -. . l - .-'" t -. ' . " .J-. VftA-'i.v . i '. -.-v' . 3 " - .;.; .. - . - , s ' ? -:4j ,', r,tfHE BOURBON NEWS; fARIS iKEliJTUCKy, OCTOBER -2 1914j.j'- i.. V- . .- - , . . -" I - ' f r s. .. t,J " T " . .4J-J. - .. Tniiummimimmw ' are USEFUL AS REPORTERS HlhlPCCTIflll PIP i - V V -w v 1HUW lb 'Hun i I 4MPH "ssk- nn pipK BKSCTraPbl? TfiDAPPnn I MWr9y That many f the united states - " uiuiij 'Sfflffl'sMfcvP2$$I1 Is IE Worth Insuring?Certainly?Ask us to give you therates. We give especial attention to all farm business.Try us. Call 36 or 171 day,56 night.W. 0.HINTON& SON,THE NEW FIRM.jDo You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit Jewellfias Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.1IiELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101w m r bi i a : h t" im ar auiuau uavo icuuctcu a. rcu ica; aci v nn n . -51 ui "-s--s a ixi in - ," ..- 'a ?ATTEITONSPIGER&6ILGHRISFALL OPENINGOF GAS AND COALHEATING STOYES!At A Big Reduction.Let Us Show You rtow You Can Meat the Home With ButLittle Cost. Our Stoves Must Prove To Be WhatWe Say, or Your Money Back.JR0C3SlGET THE LEADERfor the Bath RoomIT WILLCOS 2 YOUand it must do the work orturned to you.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main Street... ..-I -i '' WL ice in obtaining information on for- ill II IN iHlllllHllll lki2-S yVX'E&SiHk:IVtlahC7 eign educational movements is a fact UUUII UlUllinUlI W WffffffI K- toIVRR A to which triDUte ls Paid in a bulletin fiJrVvitBaI W 'TORSIAiCj'Y issued by the bureau of education of -' -"-iSjSAI M AjHVIfe JL the United States department of the Tibe "Paqe's Diapepsin!" In Five r flTir'flHBI WK VlBT .ft interior at Washington, the New York Minutes All Stomach Mis- "SW -n--- ." Ss JMMNeuralgiaThere is no heed to suffer theannoying, excruciating pain ofneuralgia; Sloan's Liniment laidon gently will soothe the achinghead like magic. Don't delay.Try it at once.Hear Wkat Other Say"I have been a sufferer with Neuralgiafor several years and have tried differentLiniments, but Sloan's Liniment is thebest Liniment for Neuralgia on earth.I have tried it successfully; it has neverfailed." F. H. Williams, Augusta, Ark.Mrs. Ruth C. Claypool, Independence,Mo., writes: "A friend of ours told uaabout your Liniment. We have been usingit for 13 years and think there is nothinglike it. We use it on everything, sores,cuts, burns, bruises, sore throat, headachesand on everything else. We can't getalong without it. We think it is the bestLiniment made."SLOANSLINIMENTis the best remedy for rheumatism,backache, sore throat and sprains.At all dealers, 25cSend four cents in stamps for aTRIAL BOTTLEDr. Earl S. Sloan, Inc.Dept. B. Philadelphia, Pa.His Natural Thought.A South Dakota railroad is notedfor its execrable roadbed. A newbrakeman was making his first trip, over the road at night and was stand-( ing in the center of the car, grimlyclutching tlie seats to keep erect.Suddenly the train struck a smooth' place in the track and slid along with-out sound. Seizing his lantern, thebrakeman ran for the door. "Jump,for your lives!" he shouted. "She isoff the track!".Depends on Agriculture.Portugal is an agricultural and nota manufacturing country, and its prosperity depends to a large extent onthe sucres or failure of the crons.TheJNewProcessLeads Them All !We are offering a great reduction in prices andmany are taking advantage of these prices while theyhave a chance. See the No. 79 for the family room.That is the one.Now $7.00Others $3 up to $30.$5.00your money willbere-CHVS. GREEN, Manager.That many of the United States diplomatic and consular representativesabroad have rendered a very real service in obtaining information on foreign educational movements is a factto which tribute is paid in a bulletinissued by the bureau of education ofthe United States department of theinterior at Washington, the New YorkTimes observes. The bureau acknowledges that it counts on these representatives for a considerable part ofthe matter on foreign schools whichit publishes each year for the sake ofAmerican educators who cannot goabroad but who must know what othercountries are doing educationally.Recently Ambassador Joseph E. Willard furnished the bureau of educationwith a statement of educational conditions in Spain, which contained valuable information concerning the character of university instruction in thatcountry, especially in medicine. Statements on industrial education havebeen sent in by consuls at Erfurt,Nuremberg, Frankfort and Cologne.These include reports on schools forbuilders, courses for "master craftsmen," the yTrade institute at Cologneand special schools for fruit growing.Special information on the socialwelfare work thai is now a prominentfeature of school activities in England and Scotland has been sent in byconsuls in those countries. Much ofthis information is so new that it hasJtarcely begun to find its way intoprinted reports.In Central and South America, United States consuls keep the bureau informed of changes in educationalpolicy as indicated in presidentialmessages, decrees and the like. Muchof the information thus obtainedthrows light on current Americanproblems.When Words Burn DeepIt is with words as with sunbeamsthe more they are condensed, thedeeper they burn. Robert Southey.Thought for the Week.The roses of pleasure seldomv lastlong enough to adorn the ,brow ofhim who plucks them; for they arethe only roses which do not retaintheir sweetness after they have losttheir beauty. Hannah More.Loss of Water With Age.The slow but sure loss of water withage has been noted in the tissues ofrats and other animals. There is morewater in the bodies of young animalsthan in adults, and the quantity of nitrogen and phosphorus they containalso diminishes with age.IOpp. Court House.ery Is Gone."Retlly does" put bad stomachs inorder ''really does" overcome indigestion, dyspepsia, gas, heartburnand soreness in five minutes thatjust ttiat makes Pape's Diapepsinthe largest selling stomach regulatorin the world. If wiat you eat ferments into stubborn lumps, you belchgas and eructate sour, undigestedfod and acid; head is dizzy and aches;breath foul; tongue coated; your insides filled with bile and" indigestablewaste, remember the moment "Pape'sDiapepsin" comes in contact with thestomach all such distress vanishes.It' truly astonishing almot marvelous, and the joy is its harmlessness.A large fifty-cent case of Pape'sDiapepsin will give you a hundreddollars' worth of satisfaction or yourdruggist hands back your money.It's worth its weight in gold tomen and women who can't get theirstomach's regulated. It belongs inyour home should always be kepthandy in case of sick, sour, upsetstomach during the day or night.It's the quickest, surest and mostharmless stomach doctor in theworld.(Advertisement.)Gunpowder and Dynamite."While both gunpowder and dynamiteare explosives, they fall into differentstructural classifications. Gunpowderis a nitrate mixture, whereas dynamite is a nitro compound that is, theforjner is a combination of nitrogensolution mixed with other ingredients,and the latter is a compound of ni-tro-glycermabsorbed by a porous inert solid material.Amended."That girl you introduced me to isdreadfully slow." "Why, she said shethought you so bright and entertain-'ing." "Did she? Yes, she's prettyslow, but she gets there, just thesame.'HOPELESSLUNGTROUBLECURED.Many recoveries from LungTroubles are due to Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey.It strengthens theLungs, checks the Cough and givesrelief at once. Mr. W. S. Wilkins,Gates, N. C, writes: "I used Dr.Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey in a casegiven up as hopeless and it effecteda complete cure." Get a bottle ofDr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey and ifyour cough is dry and hacking let ittrickle down the throat, you willsurely get relief. Only 25c at yourDruggist.(oct-adv)Havoc of Trichinosis.The worst epidemic of trichinosisever known was caused by a butcherof Hedersleben, Saxony, making sausage of an infected pig. The sausageswere eaten at a public banquet, 300people fell ill and 130 died.Defeat and Victory.An honorable defeat is better thana mean victory. Selected.KEEP YOUR STOMACHAND LIVER HEALTHY.A vigorous Stomach, perfect working Liver and regular acting Bowelsis guaranteed if you use Dr. King'sNew Life Pills. They insure goodDigestion, correct Constipation andhave an excellent tonic effect on thewhole system Purify your blood andrid you of all body poisons throughthe Bowels. Only 23c at your druggist. (oct-adv)Something for Nothing.Something can never be got fornothing, repeats the wayside philosopher. On the contrary, there are somethings that can be got for nothing.Love is one, when it's unrequited. Advice is another.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm ofF. J. Cheney & Co., doing businessin the City of Toledo, County andState aforesaid, and that said firmwill pay the sum of ONE HUNDREDDOLLARS for each and every caseof Catarrh that cannot be cured bythe use of HALL'S CATARRHCURE.FRANK J. CHENEY.State of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas County jssSworn to before me and subscribed . in my presence, this 6th day ofDecember, A. D. 1886.(Seal) A. W. GLEASON,Notary Public.Hall's Catarrah Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon theblood and mucous surfaces of the,system. Send for testimorials, free,system. Send for testimonials, free.Take Hall's Family Pills for const!-;pation.Address: F: J. CHENEY & COToledo, O.(oct-adv)Rooms For Rent.Furnished rooms for rent in a confortable home close to business center. All conveniences; convenient toipostoffice, opera house, churches, etc.MISSED!"' What else has he missed ?AN OPPORTUNITY!C Perhaps he didn't know the train time, his watch was wrong.C, If he had had a phone he could have learned the train schedule; hecould have learned the correct time.L And in nine cases out of ten he could have telephoned and savedhours of time and not missed that opportunity.C The telephone in your house brings order into your life.Find out about out service todayCbe Paris tiomt Celepbone and Cekgrapb o(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.aurARECompletesKIRSCHBAUM GUARANTEEDCLOTHES$15.00 and $20.00Other Values $10.00 and $12.50.Shoes $2.50 to $5.00. Full line ofBoys' Clothing. Give .Us a Call.TATIXIClothing and Shoe DepartmentL. WOLLSTEIN, Prop.g? H?$wVKINDLY CALL ATTwin is. Depanmeni Siore.Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, KyHandsome Resdence For Sale.iMy residence on Mt. Airy Is farsale. One of the most modern home'sin Paris. Every convenience. Prospective buyers are invited to inspect! the building and premises..The 2:30!CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.Jall JuhinesNOWrFallAnnounce-mentAll the LatestFall Styles inDress Goods,Dry Goods,millinery, fc.We Can Please You.Bargain Prices..BrosExpert CarriagePainter.Mi. Percy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast 8 yers, has opened a shop at thecorner of Fouth and High Streets, andsolicits the patronage of those needing anything in his line.Both Phones 583. ' vMRS. JM,"A. PATONA,r .;VV,T 4tt5 -rIfli, Apply at this office.i (28jly-tf)&tm9mamC9019ma9mmmmmmmm:tIt Is Time For You to ThinkAboutHEATINGSTOVESWe Have Every Kind of Heating andJCookingStove Hade!THE RADIANT HOME best heaterthewor!d.. THE CELEBRATED WILSON,; GASHEATER.THE O. K. LINE Of COOKING STOVES.TheyhavenoJequal.In fact everything from the smallest to ''zjgsBthcjlargcst. See our line and get our :;::;zPrices.Lowry & Talbott.WALTER MARTINNEW LIVERY STABLE!New Carriages,' Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.Horses Boarded ByHauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Our stables on Eighth StreetVill continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streetplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS.Stables EigthjSt, MainjSt.!NOWIS THE TIMETo Buy Your Fall and Winter Shoes.Feld's Shoe Store, IOn Main Street, Between Sixth and Seventh.4--'WHYItake chances withyour fowls?Bourbon Poultry CuroIs absolute and quick death tothe cerms of roup, colds andother Infectious diseases. Afew drops in the drinking: waterkills the disease germs and prevents sickness. One 50c bottlemakes 12 gallons of medicine.At drugsrists, or by mail, postpaid. Valuable poultry bookfree.BOURBON REMEDY CO., Lexiaflan Ij.For Sale,About 350 shocks corn: 75acresbluegrass furnished to feed on.J. M. RUSSELL,East Tennessee Phone 690.octl31tf)3W$.J$.inoERNEST MARTINDay, Week or Month!Transfer Busi-Both PhonesThe only thing youwant to know is the shoestore that sells the moststylish and most reliableshoes shoes that lookgood and are good andgive you satisfaction inevery respect. This shoestore isMoney Lost.Somewhere in Paris on Friday, Oct.16, a bill book containing $90 in currency, as follows. 2 twenty dollarbill; 2 ten dollar bills and 6 five dollar bills. A liberal reward will bepaid for its recovery.JAMES GINN,Cumberland Phone 864,(23oct-3t) Paris, Ky.For Rent.Frame house on Second street.Apply at 315 Pleasant Street, B. T.Telephone 276, or at Paris BookStore, E. T. Telephone 562.For Sale.PonyrJJl J m.l,.! Icart.' Inquire at News office, trponyl!f"i2.k'fflonosTONGUE 15If Cross, Feverish, Constipated, Give"California Syrup ofFigs."A laxative to-day saves a sick childto-morrow. Children simply will nottake the time from play to emptytheir bowels, which becomes cloggedup with waste, liver gets sluggish;stomach sour. 'Look at the tongue, mother! Ifcoated, or your child is listless, cross,feverish bad breath, restless, doesn'teat heartily, full of cold or has sorethroat or any other children's ailmentgive a teaspoonful of "CaliforniaSyrup of Figs," then don't worry,because it is perfectly-harmless, andin a few hours all this constipationpoison, sour bile and fermentingwaste will gently move out of thebowels, and you have a well, playfulchild again. A thorough "insidecleansing" is oftimes all that is necessary. It should be the first treatment given in sickness.Beware of conuterfeit fig syrups.Ask your druggist for a 50-cent botale of "California Syrup of Figs,"which has full directions for babies,children of all ages and for grown-upsplainly printed on the bottle. Lookcarefully and see that it is made bythe "California Fig Syrup Company."(Advertisement.)Morning Light Strongest.The morning light is from ten tothirty per cent stronger than that ofthe "afternoon, varying with the season.The light-transmitting properties ofdifferent kinds of glass vary greatly.Thus the loss of light from glass ascompared with outdoor light ranges allthe way from thirteen to thirty-six percent or more. The practice of lappingthe panes causes an average loss oflight of about eleven per cent. Thetransmission of light naturally increases as the angle of the ropf morenearly coincides with a right angle tothe sun's rays.APPLYSLOAN'S FREELY ,FOR THE LUMBAGOYour attacks of Lumbago are notnearly so hopeless as they seem.You can relieve them almost instantly by a simple application ofSloan's Liniment on the back andloins. Lumbago is a form of rheumatism, and yields perfectly toSloan's, which penetrates quickly allin through the sore, tender muscles,limbers up the back and makes itfeel fine. Get a bottle of Sloan'sLiniment for 25 cents of any, druggist and have it in the houseagainst colds, sore and swollenjoints, rhenmatism, neuralgia, stiatica and like ailments. Your moneyback if not satisfied, but it ' doesgive almost instant relief.(oct-adv)Tackling a Hopeless Task."I am now engaged on a beautifuldesign for a new coin," said the artist."I don't see why we need it," repliedMiss Cayenne. "You can't make moneybo good looking as to render it anymore popular than it already is."WHAT WOULD YOU DO?There are many times whenman questions another's actionsoneandmotives. Men act differently underdifferent circumstances. The question is, what would you do right nowyou do better than take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy? It is highlyrecommended by people who haveused it for years and know its value. Mrs. O. E. Sargent, Peru, Ind.,says, "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is worth its weight in gold andI take pleasure in recommending it.'For sale by all dealers.(oct-adv)&0 j mvvvvvisNervous?Mrs. Walter Vincentof Pleasant Hill, N. C,writes: "For three summers, I suffered fromnervousness, dreadfulpains in my back andsides, and weak sinkingspells. Three bottles ofCardui, the woman'stonic, relieved me entirely. I feel like anotherperson, now."TAKECarduiThe Woman's TonicFor over 50 years,Cardui has been helpingto relieve women's unnecessary pains andbuilding weak women u?to health and strength.It will do the same foryou, if given a fair trial.So, don't wait, but begintaking Cardui today, forits use cannot harm you,and should surely do yougood. E-72I AV" . . -m. mmmmr1fc4fcWfe$&'fe&ITS- NAME'i. JL i VNatural Feeling cf Enmity BetweenthefTwo Animals, Is Reportv of an Observer.- '"In all my study of literature "regarding theTdog I have never been able todiscover a satisfactory explanation ofnow that species of canine known asthe bulldog got its name," said H. B.Hawes of St. Louis, an authority onthe dog, according to the Washington?cst. "But while in Ireland someweeks ago I found what to me was areasonable theory of the origin of theterm. I was in the rural districts inspecting a herd of Dexter cattle, andwas invited by the owner i i look overa fine Dexter bull. We started intothe field, when I took the precautionto ask whether the bull was vicious.He told me that the animal was, butthat I need have no fear, because hisdog would accompany uo." 'You will observe,' said the man,'that the dog will watch the bull andthe bull will watch the dog.'"It turned out just as my friend said.Then he told me that on several occasions this particular bull had attempted to start trouble, whereupon thebulldog would grab the animal by thenose, clinging to him until the bullwas ready to quit. I asked if all theowners of herds had bulldogs, and wastold they had. Then I learned that300 or 400 years ago it was customaryfor the people of Ireland to be entertained by fights between dogs andbulls, just as the matadors of Spainhave fought bulls."Then it dawned on me that the bulldog must have derived his name fromthe fact hat this particular breed inthe beginning displayed an antagonismfor bulls. It is easy to explain theorigin of the shepherd dog, the collie,the setter, the pointer, and otherbreeds, but until my recent visit toIreland I had never been able to rundown the beginning of the bulldog."FEW CATAWBA INDIANS LEFTOnce Powerful Tribe Lives on a MileSquare Reservation in SouthCarolina.In 1763 the Catawba Indians ofSouth Caiolina were confined on areservation 15 miles square. The Indians roon rented their land to thewhites for a few thousand dollars,and later sold all of it, except a singlesquare mile on which they now reside.This small reservation is situatedabout eighty miles north of Columbia. The nearest large town isRock Hill.Tle tribe has grown so small thatits number now averages about nintynine. Each year the legislature ofSouth Caroline provides a sum ofmoney that is equally divided andpaid to every Catawba Indian residingin that state.The families are all large. Menearn their living by raising cotton andcutting and selling wood to the townpeople. Most of the land is cleared,and used for cotton and pasture land.In 1884 Mormon missionaries cameto the Catawba reservation and converted a number of Indians.As soon as it was known amongthe surrounding whites that Mormonelders were at work among the Indians they began to threaten them.The threats made by the whites werecarried out, and the two elders wereput to death by a large mob.The death of the beloved elders onlycaused the Indians to become firmerbelievers in the Mormon faith. Twoor three weeks after the mobbingtwo more elders appeared on thereservation, and to this day two elders are always there. SouthernWorkman.French Prisoners In 1871.Bismarck may have objected to thetaking of prisoners, but his prejudiceobviously had no, effect in the FrancoGerman war. According to Moltke,who wrote the official history of thecampaign, the French prisonersreached the extraordinary total of 21,50S officers and 702,048 men. But ofthese nearly 250,000 were the Parisgarrison, who wereN only nominallyprisoners, and over 90,000 representedthe French troops disarmed and interned in neutral Switzerland. Still,with these deductions, more than 380,000 officers and men were actually imprisoned in Germany and were released only when peace was declared.Four-Footed Fire Fighters.Time Mas when sheep were anathema in our forest reserves, becausethey were supposed in some mysterious fashion to kill the trees. Nowgoats, far more omnivorous feedersthan sheep, are pastured in some national woods on the Pacific coast, thatthey may browse down the underbrushwhich is such a factor in the spreading of forest fires.Angoras are used for this work, sothat they grow a crop of clothing material while eating brush. If someBurbank would find a way to deodorizeBilly and amputate his battering-ramtendencies the economic standing ofthe goat would be assured.Aeroplane Out of Infancy.Orville Wright, congratulated at abanquet in Dayton upon a recent legalvictory, said:"Nov, our law business ended, wecan go to work on the business ofdeveloping aeroplanes. For, thoughthe aeroplane has passed its infancy,it will still stand, improvement hereand there.. "Yes, the aeroplane, I am glad tosay, is no longer in its infancy and,gentlemen, it was mighty hard toraise."BULLDOG EARNEDv,jy-:::iiftlmiZ'tf!.::..ntn.--.."SIRST::!n'ffnffwawM..T.'Mll.i."r. :'"i,mm.T!'ViECONOMYthat'sv looking for in these daysof hifh livinr cost Cain mat insnroQ i wnnlm.ful saving in your baking. But it does more.It insures wholesome food,tasty food-uniformly raised food.Calumet is made rfcht to sell right to bake rfoht. AskW one ofmillions or woqaen whoRECEIVED HIGHESTWorld's Pure Food Exposition, Chicago. UX.Park Exposition, France, March, 1912.' . .. . . :lea an t tare awaer win tm bnv rlm l.m L.lr J., n.-n l - o t .It's aere eceaoaucal mere wkoleioae zires bestFOR THIS WEEK I14 pounds Granulated Sugar $1.00(With a $2.00 Purchase.)Fancy Northern Potatoes, per peck. 20cPreserving Pears, per peck 25cGood Cooking Apples, per peck 20cPure Cider Vinegar, per gallon 30cTry some of our Coffee at 15, 20 and 25c lbAlaska Pink Salmon 2 cans for 25cThe besf Red Salmon 2 cans for 35cNew Dried Peaches per lb.,84c, 10c, 12cNavy Beans, per pound 7cBroken Rice, per pound 5cDon't sit and worry, but compare your lastmonth's bill with these prices-and be convinced thatit will save you money to pay cash.IT. C.CCash Crocer.Ti 'PRlDENT MAN" PUTS fSMONEY V TttE BANK-SOMEDAYHE MIL NEED IT.ymA?- tze&i JmjzUifew"T1M11 Ttr -mm VriJihhi ivB-rWhat is the good of earning money and extravagantlySQUANDERING it?The man who piles up his money in the bank will also .,EARN MORE. Why?He will take more INTEREST in what he is doingand he will be' given the chance for promotion, or for aaPAPTNF.PLnP nvor t.hftmakes. ' -Make OUR bank YOUR bank tWe pay 3 per cent, interest onSavings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPITAL $150,000.00SURPLUS - 20,000.00STOCIiHOLDERS' LIABILITY 150,000.00 -v uitLiiuii iu utiivaiiuiS. E. BEDFORD, President.Costs-BakesBetterCALUMETBAKINGPOWDEE ;&Sone thins you arerMuuriHCiuse it oi:yourAWARDSCTCMfMfresalts. Calaaet b far superior ta sear adk ami safejWfc(5LENIIUNlBoth Phones 234atfWGweste-'Ttoio -eaJtyi.;& tvP "yman whn fnnlishlv snenrls all h -ta jo v,irw.wf vC. K. THOMAS,-:7M- t-1" J it (J--..'., 'Jr -.J -wJtSM,J-vvS hf4?h;"?&&.ii Ay.Jr-rwVt-.t';ac535fc.THE BOURBok. NEiSVS, ' PAfelEY:, OCTOBER Z7r 194rThis is a very line Steel CutCoffee, with an attractiveteaspoon in each package.For "sale by all ' grocers at20 cents per pound.' Is roasted and packed fresh whileRED BALL COFFEEeeiiuu uxiucx wic ihusl improved scientific method. It is guaranteedto you, as the very best coffee onthe market today. For sale byall first class grocers at 30c per lbti.Vfl I'JV 1 111 1 H MuemiiGd UGGK UOZ!1EIS It HUUffiDr. Carson, of Corbin, visitedlady friends here Saturday and Sunday. -Mrs. R. L. Wilson, Jr., visited rel-atiyes at Maysville from Friday until' Monday.Mrs. D. M. Hurst left Friday fora visit to her sister, Mrs. W. W..Rogers, at Fleraingsburg.Miss Dorothy Peed left Mondaylor Birmingham, Ala., to resume herduiies in the. Graded School.Mr. A. P. Gooding, Jr., of Lex"ington, was the guest of his uncle,Mr. T. J. Prather, Thursday and Friday. Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Johnson leftSunday for a visit to her parents,Mr. and Mrs. R. O. Chambers, atSarSis.Class No. 5 of the ChristianChurch will serve oysters Saturdayafternoon and evening in the diningroom of the Masonic Lodge building.. Mr. J. B. Cray visited his wife atSt. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, Fri-day. Mrs. Cray is improving nicelyi and will be able to come home in a-levr days.The following teachers attendedthe County Institute at Paris, Fridayand Saturday: Misses Hazel Kerr.,"Nannie Clarke, Kizzie May McDanieland Louise Myall.Mr. J. Boyd White, of the American Lyceum Bureau, at St. Louis,Mo., was-in town Friday and Saturday,rin the interest of the coming Chautauqua. All of the arrangements haveseen made.Mr. J. A'. Ingels, of Eminence,"was the guest of relatives here from"Friday until Monday. Mr. and Mrs.E. M. Ingels entertained the Ingelsfamily with' a dining Sunday, the occasion being Mr. Ingel's birthday.The Presbyterial was continued Friday morning at 9 -. m. The mostinteresting talk of thejaiorning session was that of Mrs. Goddard on thesubject of "Deaconesses." Her talksras indeed instructive. At noon arecess was taken, when another delightful lunch was served in the base-iQ-entby the ladies' of the town andcommunity.The Ebenezer Presbyterial wascontinued Thursday at 2 p. m. withMrs. J. B. Noyes in the chair. Theafternoong program was thoroughlycarried out, the talks and discussions were all interesting, the most-interesting of which was that by Mrs.-Goddard on the "Sins of the Age."This was made to the ladies only,and men were excluded from the- church during her discourse.The afternoon session of the Ebeneser Presbyterial was called to orier at 2 o'clock, vlien the remainder of the miscellaneous business wastraasactea, ionowea oy tne electionof officers for the coming year, ad-jotiming about 5 p. m. It was a most-successful meeting, the society numbering about 500 members, and havecontributed to the various causes ofmissions during JJie past year morethan, 2,600.Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Hurst, of Flemingsburg, were guests of -Mr. andMrs. M. D. Hurst, Sunday.Mr. Stewart, who relieved Mr. T.E. Peterson last week at the L. & N.office, left yesterday for his home atRed House, Ky.Mr. Julian Adair, who has beenon a lecturing tour through theState with the Farmers' InstituteCorps, was at home for a visit Sunday. Mr. Adair left yesterday forCampton.Mrs. Leight, sister of Rev. A. S.Venable, who recently returned toher home in Sherman, Texas, underwent "an operation a few days agofor appendicitis, and at last reportwas doing nicely.The many friends . of Mr. JChas.Conway, who is running a summerhotel near Peoria, 111., will learn withsorrow that his" hotel was entirelydestroyed by fire some days ago withall of" its contents. The fire tookplace in daylight, but the building being a light frame structure, it wassoon enveloped in a sheet of flames.His sister, Miss Anna Conway, whowas assisting him "in running thehouse, lost everthing she had.SOCIAL AND PERSONALDON'T FAIL TO REGISTER.The voter who was necessarily absent from the city or who was illduring the regular registration day,October 6, still has the privilege ofbeing registered to-day and to-morrow,at the office of the County Clerk,in the court house, from 6 a. m. to 9p. m. These are ne supplementalregistration days set: apart by lawfor the benefit of those who were unable to register on regular registration day.BUILD FENCES NOW.Build your fences now you will betoo busy in the spring. We have afine lot of locust posts, oak pickets,oak fencing plank and oak farm gates.(27-4t) BOURBON LUMBER CO.HALL RETAINS CUP.W. H. Hall, of Maysville, successfully defended his title of KentuckyState Champion Saturday afternoonon the Latonia Gun Club grounds,feating T. H. Clay, Jr., of Austerlitz,the challenger, by one target, andwinnig the shoot-off of the tie between iiimself and H. S. Connelly,the well-known amateur. The fieldwas not quite as large as had beenexpected, only five of the Blue Grassamateurs entering the contest againstthe holder and challenger. Theweather conditions were hard, astrong incoming wind blowing thesmoke in the faces of the shootersand causing the targets to climb skyward in a most puzzling manner.The. match was refereed and scoredby Len Shepard.Mrs. Julian Frank and son arei guests of Miss Jessie Hays, in Lexington.Mr. Harry Simon left Sunday for1 a business trip to New York.Mrs. Sallie Ashbrook is the guestof her sister, Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft.Mrs. John Davis entertained delightfully at bridge Saturday forMrs. Oscar Taylor Hinton.Mrs. A. Stern has returned froma two-weeks' visit to friends and relatives in Birmingham, Ala.Mrs. Arthur Berry, of Lexington,i is a guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. T. Martin, on Main street.Mr. and Mrs. John J. Williamshave returned from a visit to Mr. andMrs. James Neal, in Richmond.Mrs. Margery Sims, of Cynthi-i ana, was called here last week by4 the illness of her mother, Mrs. Rachel. Hollar.Miss Fannie Harris and Dr.Avonia Kiser have returned from avisit to Mrs. Elizabeth Carson, inRichmond.Mrs. Julia Nichols is seriously illat her home on the Bethlehem pike, ofheart trouble.Miss Izma Thompson, of nearParis, is a guest of Miss Stella Horton, in Mt. Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. John R. Stuart, ofWinchester, were guests several dayslast week of Mr. and Mrs. C. A.Ellis, on Seventh street.Mrs. John Reynolds has returnedto her home in Cynthiana, after avisit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.John Dickey, in this city.The regular semi-monthly meeting of the Women's Society of theChristian Church will be held in thechurch parlors this afternoon at 2:30o'clock.Misses Elise Varden, KatherineMarsh, Louise Steele and MatildaJames were at hoie from MargaretCollege, at Versailles, from Fridayto Monday.Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Hancock havemoved from the Grimes property onDuncan avenue, to the George Alexander home on Pleasant street whichhe recently purchased.Mrs. Ben Holt and daughter,Mrs. James Mullins, leave this weekfor a two-weeks' visit in Louisvillewith the former's daughters, Mrs.Sandiford and Miss Nell Holt.--Miss Elizabeth Steele will entertain to-morrow afternoon from fourto six in honor of Mrs. 'StanhopeWiedemann and Mrs. Oscar Hinton,two of the season's new brides.Mrs. Wm. .Kenney returned Saturday from Cincisnati, where shehas been for a week with her daughter, Miss Frances, who underwent aslight operation at Dr. Holme's -Hospital.Miss Kenney has entirely recovered.Miss Sarah Daniel has returnedfrom Lancaster, where she attendedthe McRoberts Spincle wedding.Miss Amanda Davis, of Wilmore,is visiting Mrs. Thomas M. Funk.Mr. and Mrs. Foley, of Louisville,spent the week-end with Mr. Ed.Keller.Mrs. Hoffman Wood, of Mt Sterling, is a guest of her father) Mr. H.Clay Whaley, and family, on SouthMain street.Mrs. George W. Stuart left yesterday for Crawfordsville, Ind., to visither sister, Mrs. Albert Miller-.Mr. Charles Sauer, who has beenconfined to his home with illness forthe past two weeks, is reported as being somewhat improved.Mrs." George Wilder is in Frankfort, at the bedside of her mother,Mrs. Geo. W. Long, who has beenvery ill for several days.Mr. and Mrs. James Turner, andMrs. Turner's brother, Mr. JamesGivens, who have been making theirhome in Paris for several months,returned to-day to Baltimore, Md., toreside.Mrs. J. W. Zeverly, of Muskogee,Oklahoma, returned home Sunday, after a month's stay with her mother,Mrs. Green Clay. Mrs. Clay is muchimproved after a severe illness.Jessamine Journal: "Mrs. FrankMontgomery, of Covington, is theguest of her sister, Mrs. Elsie Burgin, in Paris Miss Olive Chambershas returned home after a visit toher father, J. B. Chambers ... .'Mrs.J. E. Richards and son, of Paris, areguests of her uncle, L. T. McCarty:"The recently organized YoungWoman's Bridge Club will hold itsfirst meeting this afternoon at thehome of Mrs. William Ardery, Jr.,on Cypress street. The membershipcomprises the following ladies:Mesdames John Yerkes, ClarenceKenney, Carley Wilmoth, John Davis, W. K. Ferguson, William Ferguson, Elizabeth Embry, NancyGriffith and Mary Woodford.(Other Personals on Page 5.)iia:::SWITCHMAN HURT.While stwitching cars in the Southyards Sunday night, J. V. Day, aswitchman sustained severe bruisesby being thrown from a gondoal carhe was riding. "TJay's head, face, armsand left side were badly bruised bycoming in contact with the journalboxes of the cars ,s they passed.Dayj3aved himself from death byrolling in between the tracks until thetrain had passed. He was removedto his home on Nineteenth street,where he is resting comfortably.BOX SUPPER.One Day's Special!SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31.isBest Pure Leaf LardUln Per2 PoundNice Baldwin c4pples20c -Per PeckPotatoes, 20c a PeckLARGE AND MEALYBUSY BEE GftSfl STOREFee's Old Stand, Main St., Paris, Ky.HtfttMHiJMttMMIHHmtHiMHMMMt&t8"M"lT'l"I"l,,"'l"l"I"Ii'"iiiiIIfritiIilI.iIiitA box supper will be given at theTarr School House, on the Paris andMaysville pike, next Friday night,October 30. The proceeds to be devoted to purchase of new books forthe school library. It is hoped thatthere will be a liberal attendance, asit is a worthy cause. .r'T;"' jjLNOW IS THEAnd Dan Cohen's is the Place ToBuy YourFALL AND WINTERFOOTWEART I M EjlN X HESttL EdM. J. MURPHY CO.'SCOMBINATION SALE!We Will Sell at Our Stock Yards, onMonday, Nov. 2,(Court Day) the following stock:Five good brood mares, all good workers andin foal to jack; also half-bred spotted pony mare,eight years old ancl city broke; also one two-year-oldfilly pony out of above mare by Locanda, gentle andbroke, and will make a splendie roadster; also three-year-oldchestnut saddle filly, sound and broke tosaddle; also six head of work mares and geldings20 head of Jersey cows, some fresh now, others willbe by day of sale.If you want good stock come in and bid ontheseM. J. MURPHY & 60.&4t?,J,,IIMI",VlBOWLING TEAM TO MEET.fPARIS HIGH SCHOOL ISTRIMMED BY. M. M. I.AjmMRIt's no wonder we undersell all others. Energy and capital combined withour enormous outlet give us a purchasing power that makes competition impossible.Best Quality of Men's, Women's, and Children's Shoes at theLowest Prices. (Just A Few Of The Money-Saving PricesA series of match games will beplayed at the Yewell Bowling Alleys ,in this city Wednesday night be-,tween the Lexington team and a Paris ' T - ,, ,, . T. ..team picked from among the best I In tne me of football at Whiteplayers in the city. Parle Friday between the footbaUp to date Mr. Bennett Tarr holds j elevens of the Paris High School ai:Jthe record as "high" man, having the Millersburg Military Institute,made a score of 230 during the past I the college boys outweighed and outweek. I classed their opponents, and carriedA typographical error in our last away the game by the one-sidedissue in the item regarding the duok. , score of 40 to 0. The college bojspin contest at the local alleys iriSd had it on the High School lads bothit read "five acres of ducK pins, 'tin individual work and in team play,which should have read five scores The best plays for Paris were madeof duck pins." Mr. Yewell says he . by Lavin and Adair,is willing to give the boys all the The next game for the Paris elevensport they can stand up to, but can -win be with the Mt. Sterling Highnot find room on the alleys for so I School team next Friday.large a number of pins as five acres.Ladies' Brocaded Tops, Louis Heel, newest creations, the best quality and workmanship, $5.00 values, at. $3.49Ladies' Cloth Top Patent Kid or GunMetal, French heel, custom made, bestquality, at 99Ladies' Mat or Cloth Top, Patent Leatherand Gun Metal, all -styles, best grades,at-... $2.69 and 2 49Ladies' Gun Metal and Patent Leather,good material, at 1 .99Ladies' Gun Metal, button and lace,at $1.24 and 1.49Men's Platinum Calf or Russ. Bal., English last, of the famous Walk-Over, highest quality, at k. $5.00 and $4.50Men's Russ. or Gun Metal, of th Walk-Over and Beacon makes, all styles andlasts, at $4.00 andMen's Tan or Gun Metal, bench made,all lasts, atMen's Gun Metal, button arid lace, goodwearing shoes, at $ 1 .49 and3.502.99Men's Heavy and Medium Weightkinds, at the lowest prices.1.99Shoes, allA very big assortment of Boys', Misses' and Children' Shoes at all prices.Rubbers of All Descriptions at Lowest Prices.Men's Special Brownstone Work Shoe, with Anti-Leak Cork Welt, at OurPlace Only.CX)HEN'Storeit& ' ; 3 ill '' I ! v ...nim-cai TDisrJW3Lero Beauty a,;n.a. Economy Reign! jl IJdllOlluIIll"The hzzt investment I ever madeid it only cost $15,7The Victor-Victrola amuses and edu-:g the children, and makes the v.-hobfamily happy.It brings into the home a wealth of music that is outof all proportion to its small cost.You can fjet a Victor or Victor-Victrola right awavon our easy-payment plan. $15 to $200 for a VictorVictrola. juo to $100 for a Victor.Co:'-: in and cce and hear the different styles. -;,BIOSv -LlSL