s-SS',V'ft1s .?lBLISHED ETORY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN -THE YEARVOLUMEJiXXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 19 1 4.mJtelfc'- Wu . t. - .-- -l" W V BP1 fe MKIETMO7C-C ' H H B M " H V .m H H H . L, 4,- .B H .n B H. n -cr M dlj Li t nt i pi- ' -I j mm-0 ;'1: wJ. -mH i. B -o --i bB hv i 4K..5tja.-Mf'T w yTHE BIG TABERNACLE MEETING.Interest in. the big- tabernacle meetingti tines to increase. The forceful sermons by Evangelist Ham and the musical program arranged by ChoiristerDAN PEED TAIKS TOBACCO.Mr. Dan W. Peed, the well-knowntobacco dealer and buyei-j, ofi thi$city, who has been making a tour ofthe Burley tobacco belt in Kentucky.Ramsay continues to attract large au- after making a careful investigationucuaica mai Liie .Duncy mup misyear will be fully equal to that ofthe jpast year, the counties whijChhave unusually; large crops offsetting those where the tobacco wasof the drouth. He iid:"Bourbon, Fayette, Clark, Montgomery, Woodford, Scott and parts ofNicholas, Harrison and Jessaminehave produced the largest crop of tobacco ever grown. Bourbon countyhas its banner crop, a crop that willweigh out more than 10,000,000pounds."The increase in those countieswill meet the loss in Bath, RobertsonPendleton, Bracken, Spencer, Anderson, and other districts caused by adcreased acreage and a poor stand,and make the total production 'equalto that of last year.""The weather," Mr. Peed said "isideal for cutting and housing the cropnow, but the weather is always amost' important factor in the totobacco business, and things couldchange rapidly in less than a week.""Just now the country is face toface with a tight money market dueto the European war. When the cropcomes to market the tobacco cropthis condition may change for thebetter, for it can't get any worse.The manufacturers will want the tobacco as their supply treasured fromlast year is due to run short beforeanother crop can be grown. If themanufacturers encounter mucn aiifficulty in negotiating their paper forloans to move the crop, why thenthe farmer must share in the policyof carrying the crop. I mean bythis that he must notr run his entisecrop on the market but send in a loadat a time."Mr. Peed was of the opinion thatthe Government would come to theaid of the tobacco growers, as it didin the case of the cotton and wheatgrowers, by placing at the disposalof local banks throughout the Burleydistrict money with which to relievethe situation. "Such a policy wouldhelp the situation because 11 . mefarmer didn't care to place ms tobacco on the market he could atleast borrow the money, pledging hiscrop as collateral."GOOD TOBACCO SEASON.iienrps. A larcre attendance heard another of Kev. Ham's sensational talksfor ''men only" last night, his subjectbeing "Heroes and Cowards."Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay entertained Tuesday evening at their homeon Pleasant Street with a handsomedinner party, at which Evangelist M. F.Ham and his associates, William Ramsay O, C. Baumgartel and RobertMatthews, the local pastors and otherfriends of Mr. Clay, numbering in allabont thirty, -were the guests.A gospel automobile train of thirtymachines will swing around the circle inBourbon county to-morrow, carryingthe gospel message to every portion ofthe count'. The gospel auto tour willhe nnder the auspices of the churches ofParis: Episcopal, Rev. George H.Harris; Methodist, Rev. J. S. Sims;Christian, Rev. W. E. Ellis; Presbyterian, Dr. B. M. Shive, and Baptist, Rev.O. R. Mangum,"which have united withHam-Ramsay, evangelists, in the conduct of a great religious revival. Uponthe invitation of these paetors the HamRamsay party has begun a series ofmeetings in a tabernacle seating about4,)00. On the auto tour stops will bemade at all towns of the county. Evangelist Ham will deliver short addresses,Mr. Ramsay will conduct the male quartette and sing and the auto tour band.-n-.U play.The train leaves Paris at 8 a. m. andreturns at 5 p. m. At noon the partyAvill be sened lunch at Millersburg.NEGRO DISMISSED ON CHARGEOF ILLEGAL REGISTRATIONHOT CAMPAfGN COMINGCentral Kentucky wjll see severalthrilling battles at the polls nextweek when the voters of Bourbon,Clark, Mason, Shelby, Fayette andAnderson counties will go to the voting booths and settle the question pi-whether their community shall beet or dry.The important cities which will"be affected by the result of the compaign now being waged are Lexington, Paris, Maysville, Winchester,and Lawrenceburg.The local option election whichwill he held in Paris anl Bourboncounty to-morrow anl on next Monday is bringing out one of the hottest campaigns ever "known here.Both the wets and the drys are working night and day. The former areworking quietly, having brought-nospeakers on the scene of action, butare distributing litelrjure and trying to convert those who are still undecided as to how they should vote.The lry iorces have had speaking bysome of. the most prominent lecturershas been going on at al the countrychurches and even in the schoolhouses. The campaign in this county has been free from embitteringpersonalities and mud-slinging andlias been conlucted on the merits ofthe case for both sides."THE MYSTERIOUS CLOCK."Science and mystery are involvedin the construction of an advertisingnovelty in the shape of "The Mistenous Clock," a unique and wonderfulinvention now on exhibition in theshow windows at L. . Oberdorfer'sdrug store and the window at theFair Store.The invention is a glass dialclock, which runs without works,vet keeps perfect time. The dial isabouT twenty inches square and hason its face the hours in Roman numerals, hour and minute hands, fromone of which a small compass is suspended by a wire. What appears to"be balance weights are attached tothe hands.There is an entire absence of electrical connections of any sort; magnets, air or mercury attachments,and the clock tells off the minutesand hours with, accuracy and withoutanv visible works, 'everything beinvin'tne open and visible to the eye.The clocks were purchased by theFair and Dr. Oberdorfer as an advertising medium, and are attract-!Ing a great deal of attention. Theyare subject to the closest scrutiny,and no matter what your theory isin regard to what "makes the wheelsgo 'round," you Tvill And that theclock keeps on going and the mystery remains unsolved.JUDGE STITT'S SPEECH.Judge Harmon Stitt addressed anaudience at the court house Mondaynight that not only filled the big Circuit Court room, but caused it toOverflow, and several hundred wereunable to obtain admisteion. JudgeStitt delivered an address in the interest of the local option campaigngiven in his characteristic style.Cuing to the fact that the Newsv.ent to press before the conclusionof the Judge's address we were unable to give proper notice. Thosevlio were present were highly entertained, as the Judge's well-knownreputation as a public speaker wasample guarantee that there wouldbe something doing all the time.Judge Stitt addressed the coloredvoters of Millersburg Wednesdayevening, and tonight will speak tothe voters at North Middletown.The weather could not have beenbetter for "the rutting and housing oftobacco than it has been for the lasttwo weeks. With a few exceptionsthe tobacco has been large and heavyand some of it is said to be the biggest that was ever grown in thiscounty. A good part of -the crophas been housed and the farmershave 'worked hard to get it all in before the coming of the frosts. Someof the tobacco has been cut toogreen, but the growers say that theywould rather have it green than tohave it frosted. One prominent farmer, in speaking of the crop, said:"I have never known such a demandfor barn room." The crop is a verygood one to have had such a drouthat the setting out time but after heat the setting out time but after therains came the obacco grow as if bymagic. .Gardens are producing nicely now.Thirty housewives are canning tomatoes and many other foodstuffs arebeing canned for winter use, as everything promises to be high. Cornis still imprbving, and, while it is notnear anythink like a full crop, willbe an immense help. Tomatoes ,andbeans are now so plentiful that thereis scarcely any sale for them.REWARD FOR THIEF.Mr. Parsons, a railroad contractor,was robbed of $140 Wednesday by anuirrn named Bill Day, for whom thepolice are searching.The negro was eooKing iui ji.Parsons, and broke open a cabinetbelonging to the contractor and robbed it of $140 in currency. Themoney consisted of one $100 Pennsylvania National Bank bill, and two$20 bills, one of them a bill issuedby a Cincinnati1 National Bank.The negro is described as beingabout 35 years old, weighs about130 pounds, is very black, and has along, lean face.Q i,vp of all the neighboringtowns have been notified to be onthe lookout for the negro, but so farhe has not been apprehended.STREET WORK PROGRESSING.The rains of Wednesday and yesterday caused a temporary cessationof the work being done to put Mamstreet in a passable condition again.The new street, so far as finished,gives promise of becoming a most excellent thoroughfare. Test yaecesare taken out of the street in severa..claces in each square as the workprogresses, and has been found to bein perfect condition These pieceswere cut out of the finished streetseveral hours after completion, auuci,ro fhnt the asmialt and the bitu-lithic composition have been perfectly blended ana mat it win. -senta wearing surface equal to thatof the best streets in the -UnitedStates.A colored boy namel Jim Bayless,who was arrested on special registration day on the charge of illegalregistration, was arraigned yesterdaybefore Judge McMillan. After hearing the evidence and the argumentspro and con, the Judge dismissed thecase.Attorneys John Williams and P. A.Thompson represented the negro anlAttorney Wale H. Whitley prosecuted the case. County AttorneyGeorge Batterton gave it as his opinion that the negro had committed nowrong, so City Attorney Wade Whitley was engaged by the "drys" toprosecute the case. 'The "drys' had the warrant sworn xout for the negro, claiming that hehad no right to register on the'grounds that he was in jail on theprevious registration days and hadno right to register at the specialday set aside on September 18for that purpose.The Court held that the law wasas clear as it could possibly be instating that the qualified voter hadthe right to register at the spelialregistration last Friday.The Court gave a summary of thereasons for allowing all qualified voters to register for the coming election and in conclusion said that the 1only question that should 'have beenasked the voters who presentedthemselves for registration waswhether he had been in the State,couHty and precinct the requiredength of time.Chas. Clay, a colored man, wastried Wednesday on a lunacy chargeand was dismissed. Cay proved hissanity by saying he tried to grabthe money on the ground when theofficers recently raided a crap game,but that "Smiley,' another negro,beat him to it.r--vI Mitchell & Blakemorc'sBRAND NEW-Jtallotyles in 97fens ShoesARE NOW ON DISPLAY.BOURBON-LEXINGTON FIRM5?"p! tOur line of Men's and Boys' Shoes is larger and youhave more different styles to select from than have everbeen shown before Patent Leather in lace and button,Gun Metal. Willow Calf, Tans and Vici Kid. The swagger shoe for the young fellow; flat heel, invisible eyelets, 'long tapering toe, the Johnny Bull toe the kind that thecity chaps are wearing.Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes for men tnat sometimes have sore feet are just the. thing to cure them.Witch Elk Water Proof Hunting Shoes can't beThe Fayette Produce Companyhas been organized in Lexington Iwith a capital stock of $10,000, forithe purpose of handling eggs, allkinds of country produce, etc., andthe slaughtering and handling of turkeys for the Eastern markets.At a recent meeting of the stockholders the folfowing officers wereelected: J. W. Lynch, Hutchinson,president; John C. Wiggins, Hutchison, vice-president; Thos. F. Lynch,general manager; Jacob Speyer,Lexington, sJcretary-treaa'urer.A large warehouse on NorthLimestone street, in Lexington, hasbeen purchased and has been refitterd and remodeled to suit the especial needs of the business.Messrs. Lynch and Wiggins arewell-known Bourbon county menand t wniilfl he hard to find twomore popular young men -in " feHtecounty.REAL ESTATE DEALS.The real esate market has bebunto be active again, and in the pastfew days several desirable pieces ofresidence property have changedownership.Dr. D. S. Henry sold-to J. C. Fitzpatrick, of the L. & N., a one-storyframe cottage on Kentucky Avenue,in Rosedale Addition, at a privateprice, Mr. Patrich will move tothe property about the first of nextmonth.Mr. Erastus Bowies, of the L. &N., purchased of Dr. Henry a onestory frame cottage on Harmon Avenue, in Henry Addition, at a privatefigure. -Dr. Henry-also sold to Claude Tobin, of this city, a house and lot onKentucky Avenue, in the RosedaleAddition, at a private price. Mr.Tobin will occupy the property asson as given possession.SUMMER AND WINTER.Monday was one of the warmestSeptember, days" on record, a maximum temperature of 92 degrees having Jjeen reached during th aftrnoon.Only once in 42 years was therehigher temperature recorded on aSeptember 21. in this city. This wasin 1805, when, the maximum temperature was 94 egrees. The secondmark for the month was establishedon Sept. 6, 1809, when the mercuryreached within' one degree of the 100mark.On Wednesday the temperaturejd'roped suddenly several degrees fol-lowign a ram, ana wraps again uecame comfortable articles of clothing. JSENATOR CAMDEN ILL.Lexington.EVERY LOAD GUARANTEED"We guarantee every -load of coalgivei satisfaction. Phones 33.(15-tf) J. H. BATTERTON.TEACHING AT MILLERSBURG.In the absence of Miss Drusie ElliottMiss Mabel Robbins, County SchoolSuperintendent, has been teachingher school at Millersburg for thePast two days. She has, been assistri v,. t- e t tt rrnioft former in-" US XTLfJL. XV. 11. U-vrvv, . - ..,.,.stnictor at Transylvania university, -r a Paris lirm nas received six DigFIRST EUROPEAN SHIPMENTTO REACH PARIS.cases of flower bulbs Trom Hollandand have them on display in theirshow window. The bulbs wereshipped on August 17, and are theA 171 sj3 . -fc VAAStll 1-11C3nrsc xtiuruDtm kwuo- m aa,u.city since the war commenced.thisA dispatch from Washington tothe daily papers yesterday statedthat U. S. Senator J. N. Camden, ofKentucky, was on the sick list. Hehas for more than a week been suffering from congestion, due to acold, and his physicians finally ordered him to bed and put him underthe 'care of a trained nurse. It is'thought that he will recover in a fewdays.See Oar Windows!See the Styles!AND BUY. YOUR SHOES f ROMMitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's Styles Paris, Kentucky ft9(JALL! Baldwins IPhone 32"SOME SWEET DAY."Many may come and many mayen. hut the building of the pavements ordered built by the city lastsnrine: seems to go on forever. v Perhaps in the sweet bye and bye, when,the wicked cease from troubling and'the weary are at rest, an archangel!will announce to the gratified people"The iob is complete," but, alas, tillthen we will have to scramble along j.through mud and water and looseDrlCKS UULll L11B tiliu UJ. xn nixie.Only the "Wets"vote Saturday. If, youare "Dry" be sureand vote Monday.FORDressedChickensOysters . .CeleryCranberriesSPECIALFOR SATURDAYONLYROASTLAMB18cPer Pound.BALDWIN BROS..! FRANK h CO.dsf" JVsA.- .,ThisNOTICE!Store Has Notvanced Prices.Ad-Now Showing "'Newest Fall Styles.Ladies' and Misses' SuitsPrices $15.00, $20.00 and $25.00.Some Suits at $40.00 and $25.fiO.Ladies Misses' and Children'sDresses.Prices From $5.00 to $20.00.Silk, Satin and Crepe Dresses.Suitable for Street, Afternoon and Evening"Wear. Prices Range irom $15.00 up.1-.cTWillinery.' -PRICE OF TRIMMED HATS $5.00 EACH.Why Pay More?iFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns9.x',.., . 'tiv-"-?'-?'-': .' -cf v &a' , -1.r',. -"-i".& ftSJ 3$ .A ' "v r ajr.&. -TIZZZZgE.ittti.otefUMSfti:v- -r aT' 9 "1t,r.ilV '.:THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS. KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 25. 1914' Hi ii n '"'' """ ' ii i in iiCostsLessBakesBelterCALUMETBAKINGPOWDERECONOMY tnat's one tiS yu are' looking lor m tnese daysnf hitrh livincr cost Calumet insures a wonder-fuj saving in your baking. But it does more.Itinsures wholesome food,tasty food-uniformly raised food.Calumet is made right to sell right to bake right Aslcone of the millions of women who use it or ask your grocer.RECEIVED HIGHEST AWARDSWorld's Pure Food Exposition, Chic-go, I1LParis Exposition, France, March, 1912.Utr .. YrtST- -- rujtgT "" .ALUMgthe BourW' News !.SF - fEstablished 188132 Years, of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postofflce as Mail -Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayT im't mre Money wnea yon W cieap or tig-can fealdag powder. Don't be milled. Bny CdMiet.i't mon coeicl more wkoIewHK pyes but results. Calumet is far superior to sour ran, and soda.SfrGET THE HABIT!IT WILL PAY!ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and spurce of revenue.Listed by ranks the names vofnumber 32f Majors 85 and Captains246.The homes of many of the bestknown families and of half jtha peerage in the kingdom are in mourning.r. ENGLISH BUY MATERIAL.RICHMOND, Va.,' Sept. 22. TheBritish Government to-day placed anorder here for 1,000 sets Qf artilleryharness and 500 cavalry saddles, tobe ready for delivery in six weeks.Similar orders have been placed, it issaid, in Cincinnati. It is understoodthat cavalry mounts are being bought iin Virginiao 1.L-nniiiii'fiTin(ilyihfpilHAny roof that will last 27 years and is still Jn good conditionis well worth looking into.That s the record behindMtiandfrtifciDEMOCRATIC TICKETFor Senator 'J. C. W. BECKHAM(Long Term)1 JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term)For CongressJ. CAMPBELL CANTRILL.GERMANS DENY PEACE RUMORS.New York, Sept. 22. The GermanGovernment denies that peace negotiations are going forward at Washington, according, to a wireless messagewhich Count von Bernstorff, GermanAmbassador to the United States, tonight said he had received fromBerlin by way of Sayville, L. I. Themessage, which the Ambassador saidcould not be put down as an officialstatement coming from him, follows:"The news evidently oiginatedfrom Paris and Antwerp that FeildMarshall von Der Coltz issued a proclamation that Germany intended toevacuate Brussels and that they hadoffejred separate peace to Belgium, isan invention.Likewise there is no truth in therumor that peace negotiations aregoing on at. Washington. All theseinventions have been recently deniedby the North German Review, theofficial organ of the German Government."There are thousands of houses all over the countryany of -themin this state, from the owners of which this statementcan be verified.4 For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.TOWIBeing unable to see all my friends and customers, I take thismethod of communication. As a direct result of the Europeanconflict, nearly all the staple food stuffs have made sensationaladvances during the past month. Flour, Meat, Lard, Sugar,Coffee, etc., have all advanced and will probably go muchhigher.The terms which the dealers now get from packers and jobbers are becoming more stringent, to carry "customers for thirtydays or longer and to allow for bad debts would make itnecessary to tie up a great deal of capital in the business, andas this advancement in prices has also caused a stringency inthe money market, it make it impossible to do business on theold basis. Owing to said conditions I have decided to put ourbusiness onStrictly Cash Basis, BeginningOctober 1st.This Is to protect myself an d customers. By selling for cashwe will be able to hold our prices down to the lowest possiblefigure, and urgently advise our customers to adopt this newsystem' you can acquire THE HABIT, and be assured it willPAY YOU TO DO IT.We thank each and every one who has kindly patronized usin .the past and trust you will continue business with us underthe new system.T. C. LENIHANJGash Grocer. Both Phones 234AJNew DirectoryHome Telephone CompanyThe Paris Home Telephone and Telegraph Company are nowcompiling the data for their-new Telephone Directory, which willcontain the largest list of subscribers and advertisers since theigahization of the Company.The new Directory will go to press about October 1, and ifyou desire good telephone service at fair rates, your name shouldappear in this book.THOUSANDS GUARD THE KAISER.LONDON, Sept. 22. The GermanEmperor has taken up his quarters inLuxemburg, according to a Paris dispatch to the Exchange TelegraphCompany. Thousands of troops arestationed around the Legation wherehe resides. To guard against possibleraids by French aviators a squadronof aeroplanes are in constant readiness to beat off attacks.ALLEGED GERMAN VANDALISM.BORDEAUX, Sept. 22. A dispatchfrom Rome says that, when informedof the destruction of the Cathedral ofRheims, Pope Benedict XV. said he"could not believe it possible in sucha civilized epoch as the twentiethcentury to be plunged back to thetime of Atilla."The Pontiff requested Cardinal Ferrata to request Cardinal Amette,Archbishop of Paris, for full particulars, as telegrams for Rheims are notaccepted.The magnificent set of ancient tapestries which hung in the Cathedralof Rheims was removed before thebombardment, by officials from theoffice of the Under Secretary of FineArts and is now in a place of safety.A detailed account of the Germanbombardment of Rheims has becomeavailable here.It relates that the cannonading ofthe French city lasted for a fortnightThe German are said to have usedpetroleum shells and the city was setafire in many places. Whole blocksof houses have been reduced to heapsof smoking ruins. The part of thepopulation which was unable or unwilling to leave the city was withoutfood for several days. The peopletook shelter in cellars. A certainnumber of them were injured, butlittle or no loss of life has been reported. The French Foreign Office has forwarded to neutral governments a protest against the German bombardment of the Cathedral at Rheims,couched in the following terms:"Without being able to invoke eventhe appearance of military necessity,and for the -mere pleasure of destruction, German troops have subjectedthe Cathedral of Rheims to a systematic and furious bombardment. Atthis hour the famous Basilica is .buta heap of ruins."It is the duty of the government ofthe republic to denounce this revolting act qf vandalism which, in givingover to flames this sanctuaryof history, deprives humanity of an incomparable portion of its historic patrimony."JAPS DESTROY FORTS, SAY RUSSIANS. PARIS, Sept. 22. Telegraphingfrom Petrogard, a correspondent qtthe Havas Agency, says: "A dispatch received here from Valdivostokdeclares xthat Japanese aeroplanesthrowing bombs have destroyed twoof tha important forts at Tsing-Aau."KING SLAYS TRAITOROUSCHAUFFER.PARIS, Sept. 22. The Progressdu Nord today related a story of theKing of the Belgians shooting hischauffeur while the latter traitorously attempted to drive him into theGerman lines.King Albert was with his troopssouth of Antwerp. He ordered hischauffeur to drive ahead, and then,after a while, the King noticed thatthe driver had changed his direction.His Majesty warned him, and whenthe chauffeur took no notice he ordered him to halt.This having ' no effect, the King,convinced of the chauffeur's treachery, drew his revolver and shot himdead. He, himself, stopped the carand drove back to the Belgian lines.In the man's clothing papers, werefound showing that he had receiveda German offer of $250,000 for theKing's capture.ENGLAND'S FLEET LOCATED.NEW YORK, Sejpt. 22. Two 'Hundred British warships lie in battleline off the German naval base ofHelgo Land, so close that at timesthey appear to touch each other.This is the story brought bere today by Capt. Skelley, of the Britishoil tank steamer San Lorenzo, whichreached New York to-day from Lon-IMA'HRESTED-Call Manager's office, 427. Do it now.1Zfc Paris Rome telephone and Cekgrapb Co(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.SPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, SEP. 27,!i9f4$1 .25iRundTrip.25RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINUavts GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.GERMAN WEST WING THRUSTBACK.ON THE BATTLE FRONT, by wayof Paris, Sept. 22. The westernwing of the German line has beenthrust back about seven miles duringthe last forty-eight hours, as a sequelto continuous fighting night and day.Both armies, despite superhumanfatigue, show the utmost determination not to yield an inch of groundwithout a terrible struggle, but thefreshest troops at the disposal of theallies' commanders have graduallyforced the Germans to recede.MANY BRITISH IN MOURNING."LONDON, Sept. 22. The patiencewith which the British people awaitnews from their army is as remarkable as it is unexpected.The part the British officers areplaying is illustrated by the baretestimony of the casualty lists. Seven hundred and ninety-seven officersare among the killed, wounded andmissing, which is a percentage out ofall proportions to the losses in theranks. One hundred and thirty officers have been killed, 388 have beenwounded and 279 are missing. Manyof the missing probably must laterbe recorded as killed or wounded.The Coldstream Guards Regimentholds the place of honor with thirtyone casualties among its officers'corps. The King's Royal Rifles andthe Suffolk Regiment Jiave each hadtwenty-five officers killed or wounded; the Gordon Highlanders, twentythree; the Munster Fusiliers, twenty-lone; uameron Hignianaers and Ches1 aire Regiment, each nineteen. .The field artillery; has lost fifty-sixi my people suffer the torture, oflame muscles and stiffened joints becauseof impurities in the blood, and each succeeding attack seems more acute untilrheumatism has invaded the whole system .To arrest rheumatism it is quite as important to improve your general health asto purify your blood, and the cod liver oilinScott'sEtnulsion is nature'sgreat bloodmaker, while its medicinal nourishmentstrengthens the organs to expel theimpurities and upbuild your strength.Scott's Emulsion is helping thousandsevery day who could not find other relief.Refuse the alcoholic substitutes.Now Well"Thedford's Black-Draughtis the best all-round medicinelever used," writes J. A.Steelman, of Pattonville, Texas."I suffered terribly with livertroubles, and could get no relief.The doctors said I had consumption. I could not work atall. Finally I triedand to my surprise, I got better,and am to-day as well as anyman." Thedford's BlackDraught is a general, cathartic,vegetable liver medicine, thathas been regulating irregularities of the liver, stomach andbowels, for over 70 years. Geta package today. Insist on thegenuine Thedford's. E-70ift'jBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street W1$We Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous for- fine work and itdever goes brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.WrsiWeight? Yes. Wait ? No."Now is the time to place your, order for your Winter Coalat Summer prices.A FEW REASONS:1. We buy direct from the mines.2. We deliver direct from cars to your residence."3. We own our teams and can control deliveries.4. Our offiice is at the yard and we see that you get the coalyou order.5. We have no solicitors; you get his commission in the better quality of coal.6. Every customer is satisfied with our coal delivery and become a booster.7. We never substitute.8. Many of our customers were burning the wrong kind ofcoal until advised by us.9. One a customer, always a customer.10. FOX RIDGE COAL is the coal that does the work.Dodson Dentonis, Ky.Yiris, Suh Miia St. Batfc Phones 140BWfcgl I JIQterTTinewiTfriGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EIBiLMEt.BOTH'PHONES DA 137; NIGHT 299.VbW YbJHIBbIbbIBSHbV VbYVbYwBJbIBBBBBBBfVbYvBVWBBBBBBBBbW VbbVbYt Pans Odorless Cleaning Co.Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your7 clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned and,Reblockedjto your satisfaction.We Call- For and Deiiver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.1Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25cwammamwmmmmmwmmmomExpert CarriagePainter-Mr. Percy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. ti! M. Heck, for the'past 8 yers, has opened a shop at thecorner of Fouth and High. Streets, andsolicits the. patronage of those needing anything in his line.-.Both Phonw, 582. ,. --S-Handsome R e s idence For Sale.My residence on Mt Airy Is forsale. One of the most moder fcamesin JParis. Every convenience. Prospective buyers are invited to inspectthe building and premises.(28jly-tf) ,MRS. M. A. PATON;?a-- ffC"rf it: C "V ,Vt-" -f , fL-tTHE BOUfcBpN NEWSifta?, KY., SEgrEWBER t4'S,CORRECTSTATIONERYIt is worth somethingto buy your stationerywhere the styles are correct. We keep abreast ofthe times. We knowwhat's right.Our prices are as rightas our styles. Prices allthe way from ten centsto a dollar a box.Our window is full ofbox papers have a lookat it.Peoples PharmacyPARIS.. KY. 8Doj'le Building 8th and Main. 5J "Watch. Our Windows." 2! ATTENTION, I! PEOPLE! !PEOPLE!Do You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalsContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.tTELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101Do You Appreciete the Convenience ofHOT WATER?Then Buy. A'GARLANDWater HeaterTO-DAY!Paris 0a$$ electric Co.(Incorporated.)8f BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chick's-throat curesgapes, A few drops In thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.nmlft and booklet on "Dis-, .1. nf T-owis" serit FREE.illSJcl Boor!B Remedy Co.U&&m,7CER&GLC1Sf jij, 1 WS&If ill St fB litJkmmBmjfpNEtDROPrWJM11 wt-XSWtnssr. . .-, ;i .: .?-. .j.JA.viJi,jn . r,. !?. j; . -;. rTr, vvsr. .. . -.v. 'V-.-.. r-;"MfliLVenice the City of the Seafamous the worlds over tor its poeticand haunting beauty, constitutes qne 'of the big features, to be presented Iby Lyman H. Howe at the Paris 'Grand "Opera House on Thursday,'October 1, 1914. Throned on her;hundred isles, it resembles no othercity on earth, not merely becauseof the perpetual pageant on gracefulgondolas gliding through its liquidavenues, but there is something sodistinctive in its architecture thatmust be seen to. be appreciated.Here are architctural jewels unsurpassed anywhere else even in Italy.At every turn there is a blending ofthe poetical and picturesque. Thetranscendent beauty of the city isrivalled only by the glory of its history romantic and tragic. After viewing Venice by daylight, the sceneschange to the hour of sunset, whenthe sun, like a cunning necromancerrobes the cityin beauty that is imperial and dazzling. Finally theychange again to Venice by moonlight.The color transformations from thegolden glow of sunset to the enchanting emerald of moonlight in thisparadise of pleasure may well thrillheart and mind. The glide alongthese curving promenades of ripplingwater lined with palaces, massivecolumns, marble balconies and sculptured arches all under the spell ofopalescent twilight, then under theshimmering rays of moonlight, is tosee the Bride of the ea as a Queenof the Night robed in all her regalsplendor. The softness and brillianceof it all is overpowering. As theshadows of twilight fall and the hushof night steals over the scene, thecares of life seem to vanish in thewest with the God of Day. In therefulgent light the city seems like abeautiful mirage, enthroned betweentwo seas the ocean and the skynow golden at sunset, then silveryby moonlight. And with the vista ofthe stately palaces and St. Marks inthe distance paneled by the mysticlight, and gondolas silently floatingpast in the foreground like barges ofgold and silver, the wizardry of thepicture becomes complete a triumphant symphony of earth, sea andarchitecture, chrystallized in stoneand glorified by the setting sun until veiled by matchless and magialmoon light.(adv.Ben AM Theatre, Lexington.That joyous melange of musicalcomedy, pretty chorus girls, music ofexceptional tune to a cortaire of stagefavorites in the leading . roles, Thos.W. Riley's "The Queen of the Movies," which so delighted capacity audiences for six mouths at the GlobeTheatre in New York, and later inBoston and Chicago, will be attraction at the Ben Ali Theatre in Lex1ington, Monday and Tuesday Sept.28th and 29th with a matinee Tuesday. Not in many seasons has a musical attraction been received withsuch favor as that which greeted Mr.Riley's production in New York. Thewhole thing is a joy and delight andthe fun kept at high spee, every second. Such a chorus of loveliness isseldom seen. They sing like larks,dance with dream-like grace andlightness, and wear such stunningclothes that it makes the femininemembers of the audience gasp with Jenvy and cause the eye-balls of themale patrons to bulge with wonderand pleasure. "The Queen of theMovies" is essentially a musical comedy, a rollicking girl and music showof the most pretentious sort, filledwith rythmical dance numbers andhaving as its story the theme of thepresent day craze for the "Movies"and a subject that lends itself admirably to the travesty with which theproduction tells us, lovers of cleancut comedy, laughter, catchy songs,captivatingly brilliant dances, prettywomen, music which sets your pulsea-tingling and your feet a-tripping,will welcome the advent of this attraction, the company numbers nearlyone hundred people and a gorgeousscenic production, and an augmentedorchestra. (adv)RESULTS THAT REMAINAre Appreciated byParisPeople.Thousand who suffer from backache and kidney complaint havetried one remedy after another, finding only temporary benefit. This isdiscouraging, but there is one kidney medicine that' has earned a reputation for lasting results and thereis plenty of proof of its merit righthere in Paris.Here is the testimony of one whoused Doan's Kidney Pills years ago,and now makes her testimony evenstronger.Mrs. J. T. Martin, Pleasant andEleventh Sts., Paris, Ky., says: "Isuffered quite severely with my backand in my kidneys. The troublealarmed me and I tried many medicines. I did not get relief, however,until I procured Doan's Kidney Pills.They improved my condition in everyway. All I have ever said praisingDoan's Kidney Pills wasentirelycorrect and I confirm my formerstatement of this remedy. They permanently cured me of my kidneytrouble."Price gOc, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y.Happy Medium.The best things are placed Betweenextremes. Aristotle.CHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC CHOLERA AND DIARRHOEA REMEDYl"I advised the boys' when they enlisted for the Spanish war to takeChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy wili them, and havereceived thanks for the advice given," writes J. H. Houghland, Eldon,Iowa. "No person, whether travelingor at home should be without thisgreat remedy." For sale by all dealers, x- - """", , (adv-sept.)' .i " W. . t: jx,s3 v iJ S-Short hnd."ram satisfied with your handwriting," gaid the manager to the applicant "for the position of secretary."But can you write shorthand?" "Oh,yes, sir; nlv it takes longer."Pitt ReniingOFSPLENDIDMonday, Oct. 5, 1914.1st As agent of Joseph H. Clay, Iwill rent publicly, at the Court Housedoor, in Paris, Kentucky, about thehour of 11 o'clock, a. m., onMONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1914,to the highest and best bidder, thefarm containing about 364 acres, belonging to Joseph H. Clay, lying andsituate on the Escondida Stationturnpike, near Escondida Station, inBourbon County, Kentucky. Thereare upon this farm two comfortabletenant-houses, with the necessaryoutbuildings attached. About 7 acresof said lands are to be cultivated intobacco, .about 127 acres in corn, 45acres in meadowt and the remainderin grass; that in meadow and grassto so remain. The lands so to becultivated in corn and tobacco arethe same lands now in cultivation insaid crops' during the present year.TERMS Said land will be rentedfor a term of one year, beginningMarch 1, 1915, and ending. March 1,1916, and for the rental a note payable to the undersigned as committee of Joseph H. Clay, with good surety to be approved by the undersigned, will be required, said noteto become due and payable March 1,1916.2nd Also at the same time andplace, as agent for Miss Letitia Clay,I will rent publiply, to the highestand best bidder, her farm lying andsituate immediately upon the Parisand Winchester turnpike, in Bourbon County, Kentucky, about 5 milesfrom Paris, and containing 227 acres,of which 91 acres is to be cultivatedin corn and the remainder is in grassand is to so remain.- TERMS Said 227 acres will likewise be rented for the period of oneyear, beginning March 1, 1915, andending March 1, 1916. One-third ofthe rental to be paid in cash onMarch 1, 1915, one-third September 1,1915, and the remaining one-thirdMarch 1, 1916, and for which saidrental, notes with good surety, to beapproved by the undersigned andpayable to Miss Letetia Clay, will berequired.3rd Also at the, same time andplace, as agent for the committee ofGeorge Clay, I will rent publicly atract of 50 acres of land lying andsituate immediately upon the Paris,and Winchester turnpike, adjoiningthe above described lands of MissLetitia Clay, and upon which 50 acretract there is a good .and substantialbrick dwelling with all necessaryoutbuildings, all in a first-class stateof repair. Immediately adjacent tothe residence there is a splendidspring with, a continuous flow of water throughout the year. Of the said50 acres, approximately 6 acres areto be cultivated in tobacco and approximately 24 acres in corn or truckgarden, and the remainder is to remain in grass. ,The lands to be cultivated in corn and tobacco are thesame now in cultivation in corn andtobacco at this time.TERMS Said land will be rentedfor the term of one year, bgeinningMarch 1, 1915, and ending March 1,1916, and for the rental a note withgood surety to be approved by theundersigned, payable to H. C. Howard as committee of George Clay,will be required.FRANK CLAY,Committee of Joseph H. Clay.FRANK CLAY,Agent of Miss Letitia Clay.FRANK CLAY,"Agent of H. C. Howard, Committeeof George Clay.Paris, Ky., Sept. 8, 1914.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.New Music Studio in ParisMR. MARLOWE FENN DEAN,Basso-Cantante, Soloist Director,Teacher of Voice.WKI Open Studio in Paris September 10th.Studio:. Mrs. C. D. Webb's Residence.315 Pleasant Street.Mr Dean is teacher of voice in theArts Club. Lexington. Director of,May Festival and Choral Club, Lexington.For information, address,MISS ANNA CHANDLER GOFF,Director and Business Manager of theArts Club, Lexington, Kentucky.(28-4t-F) .Administrator's Notice.All persons having claims againsttho ARtate of D. R. Hutsell. deceased.are herel)y notified to file the same,'properly proven, according to law,with the undersigned executor at1222 Cypress Street, Paris, Ky. Allpersons knowing themselves indepted to the estate of the said D. M.Hutsell will please settle promptlywith the undersigned.R. D. GRANT,Administrator.For Sale.Pony Saddle and , Blanket forpony, carl. Inquire at News office, tfn , v- ' 7 . - -BLUE GRASS FARMSGommtesionfer's SateOF-PUBIS REAL ESTATE,BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Thomas J. Smith, Banking Commissioner, by Buckner Woodford, Special- Deputy Banking Commissioner, -PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Paris Base Ball Club, -DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale of the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the abovestyled action, the undersigned MasterCommissioner will sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder atthe Court House door in the City' ofParis, Ky., about the hour of 11o'clock a. m., onSaturday, October 10, 1914,tho following described property:Situated in Bourbon County Kentucky, and being tracts Nos. 5 and 6,White's Addition to the City of Paris,as shown on plat of said additionfiled and recorded in the BourbonCounty Court Clerk's office, in deedbook 93, page 249. Said tracts arebounded and described as follows:Tract No. 5. Beginning at 5, corner in line of No. 4, thence S 13, E180 feet to 6, thence N 77, E 766 feetto E, on Stoner; thence down Stoner.with ordinary water mark N 46 W207 1-2 feet o E, corner to No. 4;thence S 77 E 665 feet to the beginning, containing three acres., Tract No. 6. Beginning at, 7 inline of No. 5; thence S 15, E 277 feet'to 8, conrer to tract No. 7; thenceN 77, E 597 feet to G, on Stoner;thence with ordinary water markN 17 1-2, w 281 feet toF, corner to tract No. 5; thence S 77,W 572 feet to the beginning, containing three and seventy-two hundredths (3.72) acres'.Being the same two tracts of land!conveyed to the Paris Base Ball Clubby Whaley and Boardman by deed recorded in deed book 96, page 80.Also a certain lot of ground inWhite's 'Addition to the City of Paris,being lot No. 45, as shown on thep"latof said addition, said lot fronting50 feet on St. Catherine Street and extending back between parallel linesto a 12 foot alley in the rear, a distance of 144 feet and lying betweenlots Nos. 44 and 46, being the sameproperty conveyed to said Paris BaseBall Club by Joe Farmer and wife, bydeed recorded in said Clerk's office indeed book 96, page 322.Also a certain lot of ground in-saidaddition being lot No. 46, as shownon said plat, fronting 50 feet on St.Catherine Street and extending backbetween parallel lines to a 12 footalley, a distance of 144 feet, and lying between lot No. 45 on the southand George Street on the north.Also lot No. 74, as shown on saidplat fronting 60 feet on St. CatherineStreet and extending back betweenparallel lines to a 12 foot alley a distance of 144 feet, and lying betweenGeorge Street on the south, and lotNo. 75 on the north.Also lot No. 76, as shown on saidplat fronting 60 feet on St. CatherineStreet and running back between parallel lines to a 13 foot alley, a distance of 144 feet, lying between lotNo. 74 and a 12 foot alley.The last three lots were conveyedto the Paris Base Ball Club by Boardman and Whaley by deed recorded insaid office in deed book 96, page 352.In offering said tracts of land, theMaster will offer the parcels as theywere originally laid off on the plat ofWhite's Addition to the City of Paris.He will then offer tract No. 5 separately and apart; he will then offertract No. 6; he will then offer tractknown as lot No. 45; he will thenoffer the tract known as lot No. 46;he will then offer tract known as No.74; he will then offer tract known atNo. 75; he will then offer all of saidtracts together.Said sale will be made upon credits' of six and twelve months for equalparts of jthe purchase mon'ey, the purchaser being required to execute bondfor ejqual installments of the purchaseprice with good surety to be approved by the Master Commissioner, payable to the said Commissioner andbearing interest at the rate of,six percent, per annum from date of saleuntil paid, and have the force andeffect of a judgment.Said sale being made to satisfy ajudgment of plaintiff against the defendant for the sum of $2,243.91,subject to a credit of $150.00 as ofJanuary 23, 1913, and the furthercredit of $389.17, as of March 16, 1914,and the further credit of $150.00 as ofJJune 20, 1914, with interest at the rateof six per cent, per annum from the19th day of April, 1913, until paid,together with the costs of this action, amounting to $ .c. a. McMillan,M. C. B. C. C.J. J. Williams, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.FOR SALE.Five shares of ,the capital stockof the Deposit and Peoples' Bank.Apply to'(18-3t) JOHN J. WILLIAMS.For Rent.Frame house on Second street.Apply at 315 Pleasant Street, E. T.Telephone '276, or at Paris BookStore, K T. Telephone 562.1 V. " w - - - vsc -.J ' ". ' r ' " " ' .p i..T .. ..IT if. TTii n-TnliiT ,V1, I ;, I.TL- liiWgMHBDesirable City Reside!Building Lots andIn the Matter of theJAssigned Estate of George He rilu;W. O. Hinton, Assignee. jr iPursuant to an order of sale madeBourbon County Court, the undersigned Assignee, will, onTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 19l4;at the home place of said George Alexander, on the northeast corner ofPleasant and Eighth streets, in Paris, Ky., at about the hour of 10 o'clocka. m., upon the credits of six, twelve andi eighteen months, 'for equalparts of the purchase money, sell at public auction, free from home-stead Jand contingent dower rights, the property described in the order of salein the above styled cause, to-wit:"That tract of three (3) acres and twenty (20) poles of land lvinyon the east side of Pleasant Street, and north side of Eighth StreeE,in the City of Paris, Ky., it being the place known as the George Alex' -anderHome Place, whereupon stands his residence.The said property will be sold in the following manner, to-wit: -The rear premises will be divided 'into building lots and the saidbuilding lots and the front lot whereon stands the residence and outbuildings will be offered separately to the highest and best bidder andthen the property will be offered as a whole to the highest and best bidder, and the Assignee will accept the bid or bids aggregating the mostmoney therefor, with the privilege of withdrawing the said home place orany part thereof altogether, if in his opinion, the whole or subdivisionsthereof should not bring what should be realized therefor, with a viewof making a more advantageous sale. yThe divisions into which the property will be offered for sale will be -Indicatedbefore the sale by stakes and lines on the premises for the inspection of purchasers. The purchaser or purchasers to execute bond fpayable to the Assignee, bearing date of sale due in six, twelve and-eigh.-teen months, with interest thereonfrom date of sale at the rate of sixper cent, per annum until paid, with good surety to be approved by the ,Assignee.ALSO PERSONAL PROPERTY.At the same time and place and beginning after the sale of the realestate, the Assignee will, pursuant to. an order of the Court, in the abovestyled cause, proceed to offer at public outcry all household and kitcheneffects and other personalty and continue such sale"from day to day un- )til completed. Among the articles of personal property to be sold at tha .sale are the following: t?Oak Bed Room Furniture,Makogahy Bed Room "Furniture;Mahogany Library Furniture,Mahogany Dining Table,Large Mahogany Side Beard,Mahogany Dining Charis,Carved Mahogany Library Table,Mahogany Bookcase,Lot of Books.Parlor Chairs,Leather Chairs,Odd Rockers,Large Hat' Rack,Antique Japanese Lamp,Mahogany Consol Table,Upright Grand Player Piano.Small Tables,Chiffoniers,Draperies,Genuine Oriental Rugs both smalland room-sizes some of them antiques. Wilton & Body Brussell Rugs andCarpets,Axminster and Velvet Rugs andCarpets,Pictures,1 Large Mantel Mirror,Bisque Figures,Japanese and Oriental Ornaments,Bronze Statuary,Marble Statuary,Large and Small Bronze Vase3,Teakwood Pedestals and Tabourettes, Full Chimed Hirshaday Grandfather Clock,Large Chinese Vases,Bronze, Bisque and PorcelainVases,-Odd Fancy Plates,Household goods may be inspected at residence before sale.The Assignee reserves the right to withdraw any of the properly to be sold, if In his opinion, the price bid therefor is inade- -qnate.,W. O. HUNTOIN, Assignee.wtFall Suits and Overcoatsto orderOur Mr. F. A. Diekman Will Be InParis, Ky., Hotel Windsor, Sept 28Winchester, Ky.,.. Hotel Brown-Proctoria, Sept. 29Lexington, Ky., Hotel Phoenix, Sep't. 30-OctJLFrankfort, Ky., The Capitol Hotel, Oct, 2-3Pull Line of Fall Suitings. Measures Taken.ARTHUR TAILORING CO..Benton and Hamer Sts. Cincinnati, Ohio.Player Piano For Sale.If you wish a real bargain, 'for particulars, addressBC. FULTON,Paris,"Kentucky(18-3t)Care General.Delivery.. r-v ;;V JW, i & V i Kite !L jr-. f ,of ;Personal Properly$. -in the above styled cause in-'th iySet of China Dishes,China Fruit Set,Cut Glass Vases,Cut Glass Pitchers,Cut Glass Dishes,Cut Glass Decanters,--fAll kind of fancy Cups, Saucersand Plates,Knives and Forks,Silverware, t ' ,Toilet Sets,Bath Room Furniture,Porch ' Furniture,Laundry Outfit,Kitchen Range,Gas Stove,Sr Jr"-tRefrigerator, "Numerous other articles usuallyfound in well furnished homes,Family Carriage Horse,Carriage and Harness,Hemp Machine,15 Shares Paris Opera House Co.4 Shares Bourbon County Agricultural Society,2 Shares Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.,500 Shares Citizens' NationalIns. Co., Louisville,11 Shares Fifth-Third NationalBank, of Cincinnati,1 Share L. & M. Rubber Co.,1 Certificate Fifth-Third NationalBank, of Cincinnati,5 Shares Chicago-New York Electric Air Line R. R. Co., ,100 Shares Travelers' 'Insurance'Machine Co., s20 Shares Central ' and SouthernAdvertising Agency.$25 TO $75LOST.Oval-shaped, chased gold breast pim.between residence of Mr. J. T. Tasfi-'-lock, and court house. Finder v"wEl;-.please return to undersigned.MISS GRACE -HASKINS.(St)At Court Heah"A-"V..s--. f55HmmwwWWWWfj.fvMBgeBHgggJaggttgggggMBBgggggaBBgM" i I II i I U nil I I Vmmmmmm-m i( H i !., , l f .lll'.ljm I 1It Is Time For You to ThinkAboutHEATINGSTOVESWe Have Every find of Heating and CookingStove lade!THE RADIANT HOME best heater inthe world.THE CELEBRATED WILSON GASHEATER.THE O. K. LINE OP COOKING STOVES.They have no equalIn fact everything from the smallest to.U I I C . I .J .iue idreau avx. uurPrices.Lowry &HENRY WATTERSONON PROHIBITION.Advertisement.The love and affection which the-people of Kentucky bestow uponHenry Watterson (Marse Henri)amounts almost to reverence. Inthe lfeart of every Kentuckian,-whether he be in his native State,or sojourning in some foreign clime,Henry "Watterson holds a place second only to that of his 4 maker. Hiseditorials in the Louisville CourierJournal are more widely read, and3iave a greater effect on mouldingpublic opinion than the writings ofany other man before the public.Therefore, the following exactsfrom his pen on the Prohibitionquestion, will be read with morethan -ordinary interest. We askevery reader of The News 'to persueIt carefully:The premise in which the Prohibition propaganda sets its hope is-that the people of Kentucky are anignorant and irrational people; thatthey are an intolerant, "fanatical people; and that, under a few glitteringand specious generalities aboutProgress, they may be induced toabandon the certain and fixed principles of enlightened, free and justgovernment for the exploded gospels-of Puritanism and Paternalism,-which, driven out of New Englanda&d discredited in the States Southof us, would make a last stand here,having set out in quest of politicaladventure and corrupt advantage,Words To"THE CASE AGAINSTTHE SALOON."(Advertisement.)The people of Bourbon have withinthe past few weeks heard many arguments pro and con, on the abovesubject, from pulpit orators, whosesincerity it is hard to assume thatit is really comforting to read anexpression from the pen of one-whom we know has no motive,.save a real interest in the welfare oiIiis fellow man.We quote a.t few extracts from an.article written by Dean Baker P.Lee, now of Los Angeles, California,out formerly pastor of Christ ChurchCathedral, Lexington. No man everlived in, Lexington who was moredearly beloved and respected thanDean Lee. He was truly "a man ofthe people," and he was honored andTespected by every one who knewMm, irrespective of their religiousoelieX His views upon the prohibition question must of necessity beread with more interest than thatof the ordinary writer. Dean Lee inpart says:"There is decidedly a moral sideto this question, as there must beto all such matters, but there is nomore reaso'n to make, this a religiousissue than the policy of Canal Tollsor the Mexican situation, and whenour friends of the Prohibition partyassume a monopoly of virtue and attempt to corner the market on religious truth by misrepresenting theteaching of the Bible on this subject, it seems to me that some leader"within the ranks of the organizeda&d authorized Church, as Custodianof the Faith, should lift his voice in'protest."If these men would teach andjpraach temperance as laid down inthe Holy Book; and as exemplifiedby the life and teachings of theGroat Christ, then they would havethe' undivided support of the Chris-tiaa world, but neither the objectatttght nor the method of obtainingthis result is in any way akin to themethods of temperance and self-controlas taught by the Master.It seems to me that Jesus lookedwpoa the wine industry as a matterf course, and that the good God hasrr intended that pis children shalljoy all of the innocent pleasures,agfntites and desires of life by usingami not abusing them. There isthing wrong of itself; it is onlywIhiii we make it wrong; and it isTFry clear to my mind that when theProhibitionists- try to add to the tenCommandment, they are not only' trying to force a burden upon theolerg of humanity, repugaant tof m. V " . "C " ' Ii lie emu gisi uur sTalbott.with everything to gain and nothingnot even character, to lose."Prohibitionism does not relatesolely to drink. It means the prescriptive right of one class to regulate the habits, the morals and themanners of all other classes. It hasnowhere been able to abolish drinkor to reduce drunkenness. It hasMaine Republican for fiftf years, andthe people, knowing it to be thesource of unspeakable corruption, arepreparing there to get rid of it, having elected a Democratic Governor.Before it could consign Alabama tothe eternal grip of mongrel partyism and vandal politics the peoplethrew it off after a trial which reyealed its thorough viciousness.Within three short years it hasmade a hell on earth in Tennessee."A fanatic in religion, a brigand inmorals, elevating the spy-system tothe first place as an arm of the lawdebauching officials and adulterating, not expelling drink substituting1 secret mercenary indulgencefor the open and honest taxationwith one hand extinguishing revenue whilst with the other hand promoting blackmail the whole schemeof attempting to make men temperate by Act of Assembly has resulted in making them rotten by Act ofSatan."The proof of this is mountainhigh. We need not go abroad to findit. Here at home it exists in thegreatest abundance."Nothing is easier than to make atar-baby of the Liquor Interest socalled, to invest this with everyThe Wise.sail liberty, insolent in its claim, and'offensive in its motive, but that theyare so foolish and vain as to try toadd to God's perfect plan, and thereby invite upon themselves the cursementioned in the Eighteenth Verseof the Twentieth Chapter of Revelations. The claim made by someignorant persons that the wine Jesusmade at Cana, and referred to anddoubtless used on many other occasions, was unfermented grape juiceis, of course, too silly for serioustli ought. t"The subtle and malicious doctrine"of Prohibition has so wormed itselfinto some "Churches" of . Americathat they will ostracize and degradeany one who dares to produce orsell the "vile stuu," but snuglysmile and acquisce in the personalprivilege of perhaps fifty per cent, oftheir members who buy and use it."Woe unto you, scribes, Phariseesand hypocities." Why will not thesefanatics learn that it is not so muchwhat goes into the mouth that doesharm, but that which proceeds fromthe mouth, in words born of thoughtsin a narrow and bigoted heart?"In a recent campaign in a citynear by I heard from the lips of theso-called leaders of the movementthere words that were so bitter, solibelous, so blasphemous, and sofalse, that I had honestly rather besome of the barkeepers I know, andjudged before God's throne, than bethese men."There is more physical sufferingcaused by overeating than by overdrinking, and each of these excessescan only be controlled by personalknowledge of the fact, and individualdetermination to be temperate in allthings. This is the only satisfactory solution of the problem. It iseconomic and personal, and that iswhy the world is daily growing moretemperate, in spite of Prohibitionand its leders, rather than becauseof it. .If some of our reformerswould only begin at home and leaveGod's world to be run by God's laws,then humanity would be glad indeed."Self-righteous people are distasteful to us to-day as were their ancestors in the time of Jesus, and nothing seems to make them feel quiteso virtuous as demanding that otherpeople conform to the same narrowrules which they have prescribed forthemselves."Therefore, I urge the poor man tostand for his rights and privilegesas an American citizen. I plead forreal temperance, for fair' play to allmen, for less hypocrisy and moresincerity of purpose not Prohibition,-but a better understanding ofour fellow man. and an earnest desire to give him his Christian andAmerican right3 to liberty."manner of evil and to declaimagainst it. The saloon has no jMwfcrpolicies, nixcept as ius outness istreated with destruction, it would.never be heart of in" public affairs. Menaced with confiscation,the men engaged in it, citizens andtax-payers with the rest of us, do asthe butcher, the baker and candlestick maker would do if similar "beset organize vto resist; to pull outif may be, to buy out if need be.other interests representing accumulations of capital, it is able to putconsiderable sums of money wheremoney will do the most good, andthe many State capitals being easilymade the storm-centers of agitationfor blackmail, opportunities for theemplolment of this money are created by designing politicians who goto these capitals for that expresspurpose. Thus it 'is that corruptionbreeds corruption."For years Kentucky has been denied all rational progress by inflamed political conditions, largely due tothe congregation at Frankfort of theunclean birds of e4remism, sometime's calling themselves Democratsand sometumes casting themselves!Republicans. The Thjrji Housed ofwhich we hear so much, is bi-partisan. It could not do business otherwise. . With a Republican Legislature it would masqerade as a Republican, with a Democratic Legislature" as a Democrat. It c ould notlive at all except for money sent toFrankfort, often by leading men,corporation officals and churchmembers, for corrupt purposes. Inevitably the Liquor Interests, constantly and exceptionally exposed,has been there, the ever-ready preyof the vultures of the Lobby."There are two ways of dealingwith it. We can enact such laws asthey have enacted in Tennessee,practically confiscating the distiller-jies and the breweries. Or, we canmake such police regulation as willregulate, and stop an agitationwhich alternates venality and strife."These fanatic agitators lo notwant Prohibition outright. All theywant is the Big Stick. Once in power, they can do what was done inTennessee; that is, mongrelize thepolitics of Kentucky by precipitating an issue which, wherever thepeople have tried it, has broughtforth evil fruitage, without abatingthe drink evil one iota or makingone drunkard less in any community.Nothing is surer than that if theycan by their dishonest scheme induce Kentucky to go their way, thepeople will have deliberately thrownaway their birthright of freedom fora mess of garbage."Under the ministration of religion and morals, and the better advisement and improved conditions ofmodern life, the cause of Temperance the world over has made andis making progress."Wherever public sentiment isbacked by law in sufficient force tocompel obedience to law, whateverthe people ordain carries with it therequisite power. But wheite publicsentiment is not behind the lawwhere laws are enacted in the teethof public sentiment in any community thefe the law will not be enforced, but will fade into contempt,and contempt for law in one thingmakes for lawlessness in all things,degrading not elevating society."In such cases regulation, ade-quately policed, should be the de -manl of a patriotc, self-re'spectingpeople. Thoughtful men and womenmust know that the situation in cities and towns is wholly differentfrom the situation existing in ruralneighborhoods. The wish of isolated regions to enforce their ownconditions, however pure, upon unwilling communities, is not only illogical, but has invariably provedfutil and hurtful. Even in moralsthere is such a thing as letting wellenough alone, and Kentucky to-dayoccupies a position of which it maybe truly said she might go fartherto fare worse."In short and in fine, the wholepurpose of the agitators in precipitating this issue upon the people ofKentucky is to keep an agitationalive out of which they themselves,having gotten much already, haveeverything to get, the people everything to lose; gambling upon thesacred feelings of good citizens inthe interest of that which is as unchristian and unmoral; seeking tofoment the passion of the gullibleand excitable in public, in private,to bully and blackmail the objectsat once of its creation and attack."Some of their leaders maybesome of their newspapers are honest. All are, or affect to be, hysterical. They foam at the mouthand scream at the wind and beat theair with their hands and arms likethe fakers of whom we read inbooks of Oriental travel. They cannever prevail unless Kentucky andKentuckians have gone mad. Itwould seem that no sane mansurely no sober, sensible Kentuckian can read them, can see them,without exclaiming, -from envy, hatred and malice and all uncharitableness, good Lord deliver us!'"remember!there are two elections,one on saturday and one onMonday; and that the wetsvote both times.' also remember that thedrys, following their usualpolicy" of misrepresentation, are telling you thatSATURDAY IS THE WET- DAYAND THAT MONDAY IS THE DRYDAY. THE TRUTH , IS THATBOTH ELECTIONS ARE FORBOTH SIDES. THEREFORE VOTEYES ON BOTH SATURDAY ANDMONDAY.(ADV.)Simple Secret of Success.Hit-or-miss, more-or-less, soon-or-latehousekeeping breaks up manyhomes, events the parallel slacknessand headlessness ruins many a commercial business. Attention to details,faithfulness in littles, is the secret ofsuccess in every calling.EVtNTlMLLY.(ApVERTISEMENT.K ,Yesterday- 2,000 representatives -ofthe Anti-Saloon League and the Woman's Christian Temperance Unionmarched to the capit6l in Washington to demand National Prohibitionby an amendment to the constitution of the United States.To-morrow it is likely that .theAnti-Tobaqco League that is clamoring for a constitutional amendmentto prohibit smokjng, or the AntiProfanity League that insists ona constitutional amendment to prevent swearing, or a Eugenics Society that advocates a constitutionalamendment to stop the habit of imperfect babies..Eventually there will be no needof laws or courts, or churches, orschools, or preachers.or charity organizij.ions. Everybody w.llj havebeen made wise, and good, and pure,and industrious, and healthy, andprosperous by amendments to theconstitution. New York World.REMEMBER!THERE ARE TWO ELECTIONS.I ONE ON SATURDAY AND ONE ONMONDAY, AND THAT THE WETSVOTES BOTH TIMES.ALSO REMEMBER THAT THEDRYS, FOLLOWING THEIR USUALPOLICY OF MISREPRESENTATION, ARE TELLING YOU THATSATURDAY IS THE WET DAYAND THAT MONDAY IS THE DRYDAY. THE TRUTH IS THATBOTH ELECTIONS ARE FORBOTH SIDES. THEREFORE VOTEYES ON BOTH SATURDAY ANDMONDAY.(ADV.)THE TRUTH ABOUTTHE LICENSE TAX.(Advertisement.)Paris, Ky., Sept. 17, 1914Hon. C. A. McMillan, Judge BourbonCounty Court, Paris, Ky.Dear Sir:Will you please advise this committee how much, if any, revenueBourbon County derives from thesaloons doing business in Paris?Respectfully,BOURBON COUNTY LOCAL OPTION LEAGUE,By C. O. Hinton, Chairman.Paris, Ky., September 18,19i4.Mr. C. O. Hinton Chairman,Paris, Ky.Dear Sir:Non of the license money is paidDIRECTLY to the county.This is a State tax and is paid bythe County Clerk to the State Audior and is USED FOR STATE PURPOSES. Yours, Etc.,c. a. McMillan.And yet in " their literature thdliquor advocates have insisted thatthe county gets $3,300.00 out of thesaloons and the farmers would haveto make thjs up it the saloons arevoted out.The county does not get one centof the saloon license and the taxeswill not be affected at all if thecounty goes dry. IAnother similar communicationwas sent (to County ClerU Pear.cePaton, who replied ' in similar manner. t5The county does not get one centof the saloon license, and the taxeswill not be affected at all if thei county goes dry."I The above quotation is on a parj with almost every statement madeby self constituted dry leaders sincethe opening of the campaign.Judge McMillan says that none ofthe saloons license money is, paidDIRECTLY to the county, but is paidto the State and IS USED FORSTATE PURPOSES. What are Statepurposes? Any school child will answer that by saying the expensesincurred by the State. The salaries of officials, the employment ofteachers in the county schools, thebuilding and upkeep ot public roads,the administration of justice, etc.Consequently every dollar that ispaid into the Sate treasury fromthe various counties of the State,finds isway back to those countiesin ,. payment of its legal and legiti-mnts ryuptisps.The amount of revenue derivedfrom the manufacture ana sale otnquor is an eaormouH ' aiu heart with which to feel. Use both,contributes to a large extent toward paying the county expenses. j STUDY the question on vhich we areVote, if you will to deprive your-self of the benefits of this revenue,and you most certainly see that youare voting to cut down, not onlythe ratio which your own county receives, but also that which goes toward the upkeen of the pauper counties of the State.With the sudden cutting off of thisimmense revenue, how is the deficit to be supplied? One answer, andonIyk one, can be intelligently given.Other things must be taxed, or thosewhich are now already heavily taxed will be increased.One thing is absolutely certain,Mr. Farmer; and that is that a certain amount of revenue must bepraised ..each, year to pay for yourroads, and your school teachers,and your officials, and for the administration of justice. Do you want toincrease the already heavy burdenthat you are now carrying?FOR BOYS AND GIRLS.The best school shoes to be found(for boys and girls is at Feld's ShoeStore. (septl-tf)IN JUDGE JANUARY'S COURT.John English, a regular attendantat Judge January's court, was assessed his regular fi7.50 Wednesdayfor a plain drunk. Walter Ingels,colored, at the same time drew aprize of $7.50 for the same offenseJohn Webster and Frazier Duncan,both colored, were transferred toJudge McMillan's courfe on a chargeof petit larceny. They stole somelhides from Max Munich, whiuli theyafterward sold to Hense Margolen.lmr,'"yMiMimu ohWolf; wile & &:Jformtry Jfaufman, Straus dt Ctxingrtoii;Regarding New Autumn Suits,Gowns and Street Dresses.On account of the European conditions we desire toiimpress upon our patrons theselections. "' The fact is now well established that desirableimported fabrics in the most fashionable shades arealready scarce and many of them will not be obtainable later at any price.We are showing the very latest models that were sentover from Paris. There is a wide variety to choose fromand those who make their purchases early will congratulate themselves later. Beautiful New Suits in ChiffonBroadcloth, Gabardine and French Serges.$25.00 to $75.00.Dresses in the new Basque effects, of Rich Satins andCrepe de Chines.$19.75 to $35.XI.X4Smart Street Dresses in Seres and Satin Combinations,J ,with touches of White Pique,$13.50 to $35.00.Clean-Up Prices on all Remaining Sum-mer Dresses, Skirts and WaistsWOLF, WILE $ CO.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, KentuckyvlMl..:lMiMiMi.,;xj.(x,4..t,,I,,I,,I,,I,,I,,I,,I(.ti,,tr,, IHI,.I.,:XCARD OF THANKS.We wish, to express 'our sincereand heartfelt thanks to all of thefriends for the kindness and sympathy shown us during our recent bereavement in the loss of our husbandand father, Charles Foote, and forthe beautiful floral offerings sent byhis friends.MRS. CHAS. FOOTE,MISS ETTAVIBVE FOOTE,MR. and MRS. ELMER FOOTE, VMR. and MRS. W. B. HUTCHISON. MR. and MRS. ED. HUTCHISON.NOTICE TO FISHERMAN.Minnows for sale.K. DUVALL.To the Christian VoterDo not be deceived. God has givenyou a mind with which to think and ato vote next Monday. KOT Prohibi-.tion. NOT Temperance. NOT To-.C i'VJ. J.W -husband!Are you not astounded, Mr. ChristianVoter, at the actual blasphemy withwhich the saloon advocate is attempting to use your Bible as favoring theestablishment of the saloon, and eventhe dastardly attempt to put JesusChrist, your JBIessed Savior, on thebacco. NOT anything but TEE SA- ST iT "11 d1uamen5 ay-ue-LOON.Do you stand for the saloon? Y- ! st and final SreatDo you SYMPATHIZE with its mis- aivisi0n-mYtctTu tSJJ?c Ifc another division to be made. God is onMUST have customers. It M UST con-1 one side or the other of this question,tinue to cure NEW customers It (Honest, before God, Mr. Christian.MUST GET these from our boys. I Voter, on which side is He? On theHave you a boy whom you are willing j side of the SALOON, or on the side ofto contribute? If not. it is monstrous ; a ciean, dry town? WHftJH ? AREin you to establish the saloon that it YOU going to vote on the side on whichmay catch MY boy! Have you a , you THINK God is? Where do you godaughter to contribute as a drunkard's for your interpretation of Scripturewife for the saloon makes ; drunkards any wav? To the SALOON MAN, oras naturally and as essentially as the . to God's Minister dr your own underseed makes a harvest? If not, it is standing? To God and the Bible thismonstrous in you to vote the ssaUon in - question has been referred by theto make a drunkard for MY daughter's ! CQinn t nnA nA .Z -d:oiuc ui ujio auuuiscu uiauiuuua: VV UIJ- I v .der of wonders! What are we coming On which gide are you, Mr. Christian'to? Are you with them in this at- Voter? ' "'Vote NO to Vote DRYShall Spirituous, Vinous orMalt Liquors be sold, barterfed Yes PHor loaned in Bourbon County, " I IKentucky, said law and pro- - .- hibition to apply to drug- NO' V. X. gists?VOTE PARIS dryyadvisability of making early tJ-5Only the Wets voteSaturday. If you areDry be sure and voteMonday.LOST.Between Mrs. Dickerson's residenceon Pleasant Street and the PresbyterianChurch, a pocketbook containing adoor key, a small silver chain with akey on it and some silver change. Reward if returned to this office. 25-11 tempt? God deliehts in this DIVISION"He is constantly calling upon His oeo-ple to make division between themselves and the hosts of satan. "Comeout from among them, and be ve seoa-rate, saiththe Lord." And at the last1 . J . 1 T.T . -r-vTOO c ;tk 'avMj;w - s.. uhonest, in your interpretation. laJesus for the saloon oris He against it?j.t is not rroniDiuon. it is not evenTemperance. It is the SALOON !The line is drawn. On one side arecinAa hni!t, n v u , uadevil's camp' ' 'xXand vote Monday.(Advertisement)v.rv rsVfclb?Ar-'- t--X.-W&asr Vi-ttH. "7, - ' Jt&v- nr. ',t --w- :?f- ' .Vtv -t.-r .-.. , .tffix&4 J".irvCi"3hWJMfjz.HAS THE BEST'OF ALL LINES MADESTRICTLY CASH.After October 1 stour terms will be cashto every one. Watchour advertisementsand see what we cansave you by payingcash.25 2 T. C. LENIHAN.SELLS FARM.A small farm, containing nine acresof land, located on the Clintonvlllepike, was recently sold at a privateprice by G. C. Maybrier to Alvin S.Taylor, of Bethel, Ohio.BUYS SHAWHAN PROPERTY.Mr. H. H. Kriegel, executor of theestate of the late Mrs. America Palmer, sold at public auction last Tuesday, to Mr. George Tate, a framehouse and lot, located at Shawhan,for $712.85OSTEOPATHS TO MEET.The osteopaths of Central Kentucky will meet this afternoon withDr. Martha Petree in her office forthe purpose of organizing a free clinic in each town for the benefit of theparents of deserving poor children.A WORTHY CAUSE.The public generally is cordiallyinvited to attend the ice cream supper to be given at the residence ofMr. W. R. Tutle, at Stony Point, tonight at 8 o'clock, for the benefit ofa church being erected in Estillcounty.AN INVITATION.Having accepted the agency for theEdison Diamond Point Graphophones,you are invited to come in and hearthem. No needles to change and records are unbreakable.X OBERDORFKR, The Druggist.TEACHERS TO PICNIC.The te.chers oj the county arecordially invitel to attend the picnicto be given tomorrow, Saturday jSeptember 26, in the woodland ofMr. James Tate, near Shawhan, byMisses Nora and Lena Hudson,teachers of the Shawhan and Ealsschools respectively. The weatherpermitting a good time will be assured to all who attend.Fireand Tornado In-SfHM AND PERSMttLMr. Tom Pricbard will leave thisweek for a stay in Louisville.Mr. and' Mrs. J. B. Smart are visiting relatives in Sumner, Mo.Mr. W. P. Ardery has returnedfrom a visit of several days inGreensburg, Indiana.Miss Nancy Griffith has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. Powell Bosworth, near Lexington.Mr. Ayelette Buckner is in Canada on a business trip to look afterhis extensive farming interests.' Mr. William Shire has Teturnedfrom a busines trip to New York.Miss Anna Embry has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Lexington.Miss Elizabeth Brqwn left yesterday to attend school in Cincinnati.. Mr. and Mrs. Harry Salqshinhave returned from a visit to Cincinnati. Mrs. George W. Wilder and Mrs.George L. Rankin are visiting inFrankfort.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Terrell havereturned fnrai a visit to relatives inOrange, Va.Mrs. Josephine Bramblette is aguest of her brother, Mr. R. J. Levi;in Cynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. George Alexanderare temporarily with Mr. CharltonClay at Marchmont.Miss Laura Williams, of Mt.Sterling, is a guest of Mrs.Jo. Varden, in East Paris.Mr. Charles S. Ball and Mr. JeffElgin, Jr., have returned from a. business trip to Louisville.Mrs. Alice Ware has as herguests Mr. land Mrs James Wareand son, of Pittsburg, Pa.Mr. and Mrs. William Renick, ofMiddletown, O., qame today for avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Bell.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Rice, ofMaysville, spent Wednesday withMr. and Mrs. Jas. Doty, on Seventhstreet. vMrs. Henry Butlor and MissesOllie and Loraine Butler left yesterday for a month's visit to New YorkCity and Salem, New Jersey.Mrs. Jos. Godman, who recentlyunderwent a severe operation in aLexington hospital, has returnedvery much improved in health.Missee Fannie and HenriethEals have returned to their home inFrankfort after a visit to relativesin Bourbon and Harrison counties.Mrs. Milton C. Browning, ofCleveland, Ohio, has arrived to bethe guest of, Mr. and Mrs. JulianFrank, and other relatives in thiscity and county.Mrs. Jos. Farmer and son, Jos.Farmer, Jr., left Monday for a visitto the former's sister, Mrs. R. C. Her-W Lawn, Arthur HtaaWUaV Rton,"" .a.jk. FWtoY an M. H 8. Burnett. -,- - " K '2 Miws Anna1 LouiaelWhit hagone to Lexifigton to enter Saf re Institute for the schoo'term. v xrMrs.. Jack Woods and daughters,Mises Mary and Julia? -have returnedfrom a visit to Cincinnati.Mrs. "W B. Arderv and childrenjhave returned from a trip to her parents, tev. and Mrs .1. J. Spencer, inLexington.Miss Margaret Ferguson willleavethis week for Cincinnati, to resume her studies at a private schoolin that city.Mr. Wm. Shoute has returnedfrom a three-weeks' stay in 'Cincinnati, where he was under the care ofDr. Homes. u qMrs. Martha Myers has returnedto her home in Cynthiana aftery -ik imusvwAvenue.Messrs. Buckner Woodford, Joseph W. Davis and C. K. Thomas attended the Banker's Convention at Lexington Wednesday.Missefe Marian and ElizabethClay Alexander have resumed theirstudies at Miss Bartholomew's private school in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. David Davis andMr. and Mrs. Evans Brock, of Winchester, were guests last week of Mr.and Mrs. Frank White.Miss Lettie Oliver, who is ahighly-valued member of the nursingcorps at the Massie Memorial Hospital, is seriously ill 'with typhoid fever at that institution.Mss Ydoine Rose, t of Atlanta,Ga., and Miss Isabel Seitz, of Evansvile, Ind., were the guests the pastweek of Miss Aimee Wertz, enroute to the Nazareth Academy.Mr. and Mrs. L. 1. Smith and litte daughter,, who have been guests ofrelatives in Paris for several weeks,hav returned to their home in Pens-acola, Fla., where Mr. Smith is engagl in the civil engineering cropsof the Louisville & Nashville.Dr. and Mrs. George L. Rankinhave returned from a visit to relatives at Berry'BJRDEN-MATTOXr 'County, Clerk Pearce'Paton issued a marriage license Tuesday toMr. John Mattox and Miss GertrudeBurden, both of this 'county, and theceremony was performel shortly after 4y Judge C. A. McMillan, in hisoffice in the court house.LYNUM-PFEFFER.The marriage of Mr. ArthurPfeffer, of this city, anl Miss MamieLynum, of Carlisle, was quietly solemnized at the home of Rev. W. E.Ellis. The bride is one of Nicholas'most Charming and beautiful daughters, and Mr. Pfeffer is a popular andvalued employe of the Louisville &MINnchvilla ro51v-.r.1 A 4-- 4.1, 1V2L MrS' Lilleston' on Higgins dtag the young couple went to honstkeeping at the Shipp place on SouthMam street. ,WILL BE, CLOSED WEDNESDAY.On account of Wednesday being aJewish' -Holliday our store will beclosed on -that day.(It) ' Harry' Simon.A NOTABLE SACRIFICE.The Pierian Club, a large socialorganization of Lawrenceburg, hasresolved to omit its regular and itsvery expensive annual banquet inhonor of the incoming president ofthe club, and devote the money ordinarily spent for this purpose to aiding the visiting nurse work beingcarried on in that city and county.The Woman's Club is preparing tocontribute $200 for the hiring of apermanent visiting nurse for thecounty. The Fiscal Court and theCity Council and public-spirited citizens-willbe approached for fundssufficient to guarantee this work.Tfie; Clarke's Remedies.: rWe now awn all the patents- an d copyrights of the lata Dr.Chas. J. Clarke. Dr. Upington will continue to put up thaa reliable remedies under the original Clarke 'formula," and we willhave them in stock, at all times.Among the best known are Clarke's Nerve Ease, Clarke's Xoaic, Clarke's Face Powder, Parisine Cream, Clarke's Tooth Wat&,and Clarke's Cough Medicine. - -Also the following Poultry and .Live Stock Remedies: Clarke'sLimberneck and Roup Remedy, Clarke's Liquid Poultry Tonic,Clarke's Gape Remedy, Condition Powder for Stock, and Clarke'sHog Remedy.We want to supply these preparations to their many old friendand know they are deserving of new friends. We recommemd xespecially Clarke's Nerve Ease for headache, and neuralgia, sutd xClarke's Limberneck and Roup Remedy for Poultry disorders.These preparations have all been thoroughly tested and hareproven their merit.Your prescriptions accurately filled.The Ardery Drug, Co.Clarke's Old Stand.FIELD SEEDS.We have a complete line of HighestDr. Rankin left yes- Grade Seeds for Fall PlantMisr. We -o-I gone about two weeksi ' Mrs. W. W. Judy has returnedSUrance On TobaCCO. to her apartments in the Robneel(29-4f) Rnvip Davi. ; after a stay of several days m theterday for Chicago to attend the annual meing of the National MedicalAssociation. During hise absejncMrs. Rankin will be the guest of relatives in Frankfort and in Louisville.Raceland, the elegant countyhome of Mr. and Mrs. CastesbyWoodford was the scene yesterlay ofone of the most beautiful entertainments for which this home is noted,the occasion being a reception fromtwo till five o'clock. During thehours a delightful program of musicwas renderel by Trost's Orchestra.About two hundred guests wereserved during the hours. Mrs. Woodford was assistl in entertaining byMrs. O. P. Clay Mrs. Zeke Clay, Mrs.Nnttpr Ward. Mrs. Zerery. of St.mance, at Wayne, Mo. They will be I Louis Misses Mary Clay, MaryWoodford, Sallie Lockhart, andRachel Wiggins.The dining table with its cover ofBOURBON MAN WfNS SUITMassi3 Memorial Hospital. Mrs.Judy is very much improved.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon havereturned from a visit to Mrs. Bacon'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Behr-man, in Newport, accompanirji oyher sister, Miss Augusta Behrman.iVTr-o tnrv Tlrcmt Hlinrnhpr andAueuratsioroiBauouiiiaiiup. xueilittl ho haV3 been visitingiuaitiiui ucuit, uocu 13 a, utuuuiui iji i. 4-1-,;. nifv fni onvoi"!i I . . . . . . t i t "st "n -,-ireiauivt;& m una ".j -" i.. At wmciiesier JllUKe j. ivi. rtsuLuiisustained a motion for peremptoryinstructions in favor of the defendant in the case of John Smith, administrator of Henry Smith, againstJefferson Weathers, a well-knownfarmer of Avon, near the Bourbon-The members of the Health and!Sfiday. nJf" for the dance at thejciark line Smith sued for 5,oouWelfare League of Bourbon County ""SEt .:..,.. ,. aasnluLxiic many iiicuus ui luias xtu uitt j -vaS SirUUK. anu ivineu uj cuun-iuWORK PROGRESSING FAST.The work on the handsome storeroom being erected by L. Saloshin atthe corner of Seventh and Mainstreets, is oemg pusiiea ngnt along.tala ueauiuui' .,. -n fh:a 0:tv fnr SRVoralpressed brick, anl is being laid by a, , re ,,QVO rotnrnpri tn thPir lmniP. inLouisville.Mesrs Ireland Davis, Elward' Fithian, Thomas Prichard, MissesI Matilda James and Louise MorrisonThe building will be awith a large basement.two-storyHEALTH AND WELFARE LEAGUEwere guests of friends in Lexingtonexquisite lace had for a centerpiecea basket of pink killarney roses.Around this were platters of pinkand white confections.A delicious luncheon of salals,beaten buscuit, hot rolls, timbalasham and coffee was served.licit comparison of gc ods and prices.We are headquarters for Cotton SeedMeal and Hulls and all Seeds.(25 2t) CAHS. S. BRENT &BRO.DAY TRIP TO ST. LOUIS.By leaving Paris on L. & N. trainat 7:50 a. m., direct connection ismade with B. & O. S-W., fast trainleaving Cincinnati 12 o'clock, noon,daily, arriving St. Louis at 8:15 p.m. This tra'in carries modern steelcoaches, Observation Parlor car andDining Car and makes direct connection in St. Louis Union Station withall Western, Northwestern yandSouthwestern lines. Other B. & O.S-W. fast trains for St. Louis leaveCincinnati daily 2:15 a. m. 9.00 a. m.and 9:15 p. m. Night trains havesteel coaches and electric lightedsteel sleeping cars. For further ininformation consult your local ticketagent..S. T. SEELY, T. P. A.,Traction Building, Cincinnati, O.(spt-8-15-22-29Attention, Men !The "Wet" Election will be held on Saturday.On'y the "Wets" -will vote on that day.No one bui the "Wets" consider the Saturdayelection a legal one. 'The DRV ELECTION will be held on Monday.All Dry Men will vote on Monday.To vote against whiskey stamp your ballot "NO."yYes ... .No .. .". T(Advertisement. )4will meet in the county court roomat the court house on Thursday afternoon, October 1, at 3 o'clock. Allmembers are urged to be present, asthe annual election of officers willtake place.All members of the League whohave failed to pay their last year'sdues are requested to call at theParis Book Store and do so at onceas winter is coming on and the organizationneeds the money.CLIFTON ARNSPARGERVERY ILL.Reports from the Good SamaritanHospital Thursdav afternoon were tothe effect that the condition of Mr. jHinton are happy over the news ofthe success of an operation performed for appendicitis by Dr. David Barrow, Wednesday at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington.After one of the gayest summerseasons Paris society has experienced in years there is a lull, which isoccasioned by the going away toschool of nearly all of the youngersociety folk.Mrs. Joseph Head, of Ashland,sister of Mrs. Emmett M. Dickson, ofthis city, who recently underwent aserious operation in Louisville, wasable to return, to her home thisweeK.Mr. and Mrs. i3urand Whippleand litis son, Emmett Dickson, whoClifton Arnsparger of this city, was I h fa Qf M Mrs.satisfactory to his attending physicians, R M Dickson, in this city, for somer":.:V:"TA eeks, will leave tomorrow for their..T;A r::.rr"Tt:rnrX,:Lir:.: ihome in Little Rock, Ark.'Clifton Arnsparger. the Paris attornev.who was operated on at the Good Sa--Mr. and Mrs. Durand Whipple'automobile though tne netgejiced'f Mr. Weathers, lho was driving'the machine.TOBACCO NEWS.The use of our coke practicallyinsures your Tobacco against HouseWe solicit a trial.Chas. S. Brent & Bro.Burn.(25-2t)maritan Hospital Tuesday and who has t arjl handsome son, Emmett Dickson, jbeen very ill, is reported slightly im-1 Y1? ?? 1home,.to Lltt1 R' Iproved this afternocn."COUNTY SCHOOLS INGOOD CONDITION.Ark., Saturlac, after spenling thesummer with Mrs. Whipple's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Emmett Dickson iat their home on iutoner Avenue.The last to leavg is Mr. EdwardSnears -and Mr. Charles S. Spears,County Superintendent, Miss Mabel , who leaves Saturdac for Culper MiliRobbins, has been inspecting the tarv School at Culver, Ind. Mr. Johnschools this week in the county pre- j Wesley Marr, who has been a fre-1ui.isauu itjiuiw kin. an. 1 u. iwu.kiV j quenc visitor to runs, win gu cu uieand prosperous condition. There are same school at the same time,fody-five county schools in Bourbon, j The pastor's Aid Society of thewith an enrollment of 1,412 pupils, an j presbyterian church met Tuesdayaverage of 31 pupils to the school. The for an all.day sewing. A deliciouscost per pupil is $10.00. In most couuties it costs between $17. UU and $l.uu.Some delav in several county schoolsis reported on account of not receivingthe books promptly. However, it isnot .the fault of the book concerns.Only the Wets voteSaturday. If you areDry be sure and voteMondaySTRUCK OIL.Superintendent of Public WorkJohn Cain has had the oil wagonsat work on the principal streets ofthe city spreading the oil over theirsurfaces, and relieving the disagreeable dusty conditions that haveproved, so annoying to merchantsand residents of the city for sometime. East Paris in particular sufferel from the clouds of dust thatfilled the air day and night. Oneyoung man who started out for aalk hi East Paris Sunday afternoonrot lost in the dust 3torm that enveloped that vicinity and wanderedaround, like a cockney in the fogs oLondon until rescued by a searchingparty that had been sent out.meat course was served in the middle of the day. Mvs. Frank Fithianand Miss Lucy Colville were thechairmen of the meeting.Mrs. M. F. Hamt and her littledaughter have arrived to join herhusband, Evangelist Ham, who, withhis assistants, will take Mrs. HenryButler's residence on Vine street,during the absence of Mrs. Butlerand laughter from the city.Misses Virginia and CorneliaRenick, Wm. Scott Renick, of Winchester, Mrs. Curtis P. Smith, ofDallas, Texas,, Mrs. Helen Scott anddaughter, Mrs. Hutchinson, of Lexington, Wm. Morris Renick, of Mid-"dletown, O., have been the guests ofMrs. Duncan Bell and Mrs. W. M.Renick at their home on High street.A very delightful evening wasspent with Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Shearer, when they were hosts Wednesdayevening at their home on Clifton Avenue. The occasion was in honor ofseveral very attractive visitors totheir home, who were Misses AnnaWalton, Nettie Rice, Ethel Hayes.Others present were Misses MaryLou Rice, Pearl Brown, Hattie andEva Neal, Minerva Rice, May Endicott; Messrs. John Duvall, M. Lane,Richard Prebble, W. M. Peddicord,Dance at home tothe music of theVictrolaHome is the ideal,place for the new dances,and the Victrola makesit ppssible to. dancetherh in every home.The Victrola playseven the most difficultnumbers perfectly, andwith such music dancingis a real delight.We'll gladly play any aancemusic you wish to hear stop inany time. And ?we'll explain, too,how you can easilyhave a Victrola inyour home-$15 to$200.QC ; OI JilUnmfOJOfUWCJIQ . . !i&Jw & Ii !IhomeTherefofeThat which you buyshould be worth buying. We useevery endeavor to keep a stock of theVery Best Furniture, Rugs,'Wall Papersand will be much pleased to have YOU come and investigate. We handle nothing second hand. -QTHE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phorses 36Undcrfcaking-AmbuSance-Wood MantelsIVBcDoqgaS Kitchen Cabinets. v Poster JBros. Safety Crabi Mmimm"Av - ,U'TV I.$$VstW,r T-H.-K!&.- ?,v-4 -V --SI-w?2"la?i .JV-ii A?,AX$f't-Pn. n-""-' A" V&jiJkKIII pfiOTf- M Q'PB H Ili Box" : H -.B 1BLACK m ,L!V. WHITE 7 PiSHOE.J. TAN .vmiBCM ICUEC0CI66 Our Window DisplayFOR LAST CALL ONSUMMER SUITSValues Up.to$9.98Also See Our Display of $1.00 and$1.50 Shirts, with Soft Collars toMatch. Choice NowBargains in AllT-w-mClothing and Shoe Department.L. WOLLSTEIN, Prop.'1 11 11 ImM"M''Z''I'4MH 11 StraussBros.4 P& CosNewNo. 81 On Sale at AllCigar Stands.i"$"SM"I"i'44'N5"i"i"i4HSM!'I"I"I'iI"I"I"I"I"I"I"'Sm,,,mS"5mS!1PPPTDEAGCO?';! Is It Worth Insuring? IittAsk us to give you thei rates. We give especial at-tention to all farm business. XTry us. Call 36 or 171 day,56 night.TT A TJTATTYYMl W . u. nm i ui& SON,J THE NEWFIRM.M --. -.-...!llTtrl"l"l'Tll"i'TVyvJt'T,l,VVVrOafeklr relieTM Rbenraatisn. Sore JCna-'ba Ya&1 Icria Rn1r Mia Itoa flatlO Ttf1V all hoi. Your Mooev back if it fails to in .f Ifev-ay acbe ia any part of the body ia, antw auaBtet use.rt Oe. JLt jLU Druggists,-Yrf MWiU taA oirealar seat on reqoeit.NUWW REMEDY COMPANY.jUt EMt.Matn St., Lexisgt&fl, KyCisaHOWYOURCertainlyBrintont 1It millions il:. of shoes fjfV daily j ,$16.50 ForDepartments.STOP THAT FIRST FALL COUGH.Check your fall cough or cold atonce don't wait it may lead to serious lung trouble, weaken your vitality and develop a chronic lung ailment. Get a bottle of Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honeyto-day; it is pure andharmless use it freely for that fallcough or cold. If the Baby or Chil-'dren are sick give it to them, it willrelieve them quickly and permanently. It sooths the irritated throat,lungs and air passages. LoosensPhlegm, is antiseptic and fortifies thesystem against colds. It surely prevents cold germs from getting a hold.Guaranteed. Only 25c at your Druggist. (adv-sept.)Unselfishness is Happiness.If thou wpuldst be happy learn toplease. Prior.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)Some history may repeat itself,But your neighbors will attend to repeating your history.A scientists claims that a man hassix times more lung capacity than heneeds. This scientist maust have examined a Suffragette who was masquerading in men's clothes.Every man has his followers, evenif they are only bill collectors.ABMER'S WIFETOO ILLTO WORKA Weak, Nervous SuffererRestored to Health by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.,Kasota, Minn. "I am glad to saythat Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound has donemore f6r me thananything else, and Ihad the best physician here. 1 was soweak and nervousI; that I could not doi my work and suffered with pains lowdown in my. rightside for a year ormore. I took LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and now I feel like adifferent person. I believe there 19nothing like Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound for weak women andyoung girls, and I would be glad if Icould influence anyone to try the medicine, for I know it will do' all and muchmore than it is claimed to do." Mrs.Clara Franks, R. F. D. No. 1, Maplecrest Farm, Kasota, Minn.Women who suffer from those distressing ills peculiar to their sex shouldbe convinced of the ability of Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to restore their health by the many genuineand truthful testimonials we are constantly publishing in the newspapers.If you have the slightest doubtthat Lydia E. Pinldi&in's Vegetable Compound will help yo,writeto Lydia E.PinkhamMedicine Co.(confidential) Lynn, Mass., for adVice. Your letter Tvill be opened,read, and answered, by a woman,tm held in strict confidence.BroslfEUeCTIOM OFFICERAVaC"meting of. th Bourbon CountyBoard of Election CqmmiMiemer. comooeed of Messrs. B. B. Mark, M. R.Jacoby and Sheriff W. F. T'albptt, heldat the Court House, Saturday, the following election officers were selectedto serve at the regular registration, tobe held in Paris, on October 6, and atthe regular election to be-held in Bourbon county, on November 3:Paris. No. 1 Geo. D. Speakes, Geo:Beatty, judges; Thos. Kiser,. clerk; J.P. Hutchcraft. sheriff.Paris, No. 20. Edwards. N. A.Moore, judges; J. T. Martin, clerk; T.T.Templin,' sheriff.Paris, No. 3 Alex Rice, StampsMoore, judges; Frank Kiser, Ierk;George Stuart, sheriff.Paris. No. 4 Walter UJark, A. W.Cottingham, judges; C. .J. Lancaster,.clerk; J. W. Larkin, sheriff.Paris, No. 5-L. D. Harris, C. W.Larkin, judges; Harry Baldwin, clerk:C. C. Larkin, sheriff.Paris, No. 6 D. S. Henry, A. L.Burley, judges; J. Will Thomas, clerk;James H. Shea, sheriff.Millersburg, No. 1 A. T. Moffett,Nat Collier, judges; Thos. E. Savage,sheriff; J. S. Shoptaugh, clerk.Millersburg, No. 2 Ed. Wagoner, O.H. Collier, judges; Henry Boulden,sheriff; D. M. Hurst, clerk.Flat Rock, No. 1-W. P. Thomas,$ce Crouch, judges; Ray Burris, sheriff; Ed. Thomason, clerk.Flat Rock, No. 2-B. T. Mattox, Walter Kenney, judges; Jas. Dodge,sheriff;Lee Deavers, clerk.North Middletown, No. 1 J. W. Murphy, Bert Rash, judges; Robert bilkey,sheriff; Davis ratnck, clerK.NorthMiddletown, No. 2 W. R. ITuttle. Gano Hildreth, judges; BenWoodford, sheriff ; Charlton Clay.clerk.Clintonville, No. 1 T. H. Clay. Jr.,G. V. Shipp, judges; George Morrow,sheriff; Letcher Weathers, clerk.Clintonville, No. 2 George K.Jones,J. Frank Clay, judges: J. F. Ingels,sheriff; H. A. Power, clerk.Hutchison, No. 1 Wm. Dudley, Wm.Meteer. judges; Frank Buchanan, Sheriff; J. T. Jacoby, clerk.Hutchison, No. 2 Wm. Hall,ForrestLetton, judges; Frank White, sheriff;W. J. Calvert, clerk.Centerville, No. 1-John Bell, JosephLeach, judges; H. C. Clifford, sheriff;George McLeod, clerk.Centerville, No. 2 Charles Kuster,J.M.Scott, judges; Jack Leach, sheriff;Ewalt Haley, clerk.Ruddles Mills, No. 1 C. L. Hough.Al Roberts, judges; James Fisher,sheriff; Lindsay Hough, clerk.Ruddles Mills, No. 2 Wm. Bell,.George Current, judges; Steele Marsh,sheriff; Wm. Gifford, clerk.'$100 REWARD $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stage's, andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cureis the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeing a constitutional disease, requires a constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the blood.-anflmucous surfaces of the system,thereby 'destroying the foundation ofthe disease, and giving the patientstrength by building up the constitution and assisting nature in doing itswork. The proprietors have so muchfath in its curative powers that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Sold by all Druggists. 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,'Toledo, O.(adv-sept.)Gave Sphinx the Double O."Yes," said the nonchalant Mr. Wombat. "I was in Egypt." "I suppose youstood awestruck before the grand andsolemn sphinx." "Well, I gave it theonce over."PO-DQ-LAX BANISHES PIMPLES.Bad Blood, Pimples, Headaches,Biliousness, Torpid- Liver, Constipation, etc., come from Indigestion.'Take Po-Do-Lax, the pleasant and absolutely sure Laxative, and you won't-suffer from a deranged Stomach orother troubles. It will tone up theLiver and purify' the blood. Use itregularly and you: will, stay well,have clear complexion and steadynerves. Get a 50c bottle to-day.Money back if not satisfied. AllDruggists.(ady-sept.)Like a Broken Toy.He was only four and convalescentfrom the grip. ; Leaning his little headon his mother's arm, he said, wearily:"Oh, mamma, I feel like a broken toy!"Boston Herald.ACUTE INDIGESTION."I was annoyed for over a year "byattacks of acute indigestion, followedby constipation," writes Mrs. M. J.Gallagher, Geneva; N. Y. "I tried everything that was recommended tome for this complaint but nothing didme much good until about fourmonths ago I saw Chamberlain's Tablets advertised and procured a bottleof them from our drpggist. I soonrealized that I had gotten the rightthing for they helped me at once.Since taking two bottles of them Ican eat heartily without any badeffects." Sold by all dealers.1 (adv-sept.)Was the Only One.Bix "Wasn't it Admiral Porter whesaid: 'Take no quarter from the enemy?" Dix V'Dunno! If it was he'sthe only porter that ever said suchthing." Boston Transcript.CHAMBERLAIN'S LINIMENT.If you are ever troubled with achespains or soreness of the muscles, youwill appreciate the .rood qualities ofChamberlain's Liniment. Many sufferers from rheumatism and sciaticahave used it with' the best results.It is especially valuable for lumbagoand lame back. For sale by all dealers.(adv-sept.).MraLMove Acids, GaseS and CloggedWaste From Liver andBowels.. Get a 10-cent box now.That awful sourness, belching of'acid and foul gases; that pain in thepit of the stomach, the heartburn,nervousness, nausea, bloating aftereating, dizziness and sick headache,means a disordered stomach, whichcan not be regulated until you yremove the cause. It isn't ydur stomach's fault. Your stomach is asgood as any.Try Cascarets; they immediatelydense the stomach, remove the sourundigested and fermenting ' food andfoul gases; take the excess bile fromthe liver and carry off the constipated waste matter and poison fromthe bowels. Then your stomachtrouble is ended. A Cascaret tonight will straighten you out bymorning a 10-cent box from anydrug store will keep your stomachsweet; liver and bowels regular formonths. Don't forget the childrentheir little msiaes need a gooa, gentle cleansing, too.Their ResidencesOne day small Peter was out walking with his aunt and his attentionwas called to a cemetery the first hehad seen. "Oh, mamma," he exclaimed upon his return home, "auntieshowed me where all the dead peoplelive."RHEUMATISM PAINS STOPPED.The first application of Sloan's Liniment goes right to the pajnful partit penetrates without rubbing itstops the Rheumatic Pains aroundthe joints and gives relief and comfort. Don't suffer! Get a bottle today! It is a family medicine for allpains,- hurts, bruises, cuts, sorethroat, neuralgia and chest pains.Prevents infection. Mr. Chas. H.Wentworth, California, writes: Itdid wonders for my Rheufatism, painis gone assoon as I apply it. I recommend it to iny intjuus as uie uauLiniment I ever used." Guaranteed.25c at your Druggist.(adv-sept.)Daily Thought.Love of reading enables a man toexchange the weary hours which cometo every one, for hours of delight.Montesquieu.DIARRHOEA QUICKLY CURED"My attention was first called" toChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy as much as twelveyears ago. At that time I was seriously ill with summer complaint.One dose of this remedy checked thetrouble," writes Mrs. C. W. Florence,Rockfield, Ind. For sale by all dealers. (adv-sept.)Accomplished, Anyway.Caller "Is your daughter an equestrian?" Proud Mother "Either thator valedictorian. These class officesare so confusing, don't you know."DIZZY? BILIOUS? CONSTIPATED?Dr. Kng's New Life Pills will cureyou, cause a helathy flow of Bile andrids your stomach and Bowels ofwaste" and fermenting body poisons'They are a Tonic to your Stomachand Liver and tone the general system. The first dose will 'cure youof that depressed, dizzy, bilious andconstipated condition. 25c all Druggists. (adv-s'ept.)Popular Price ExcursioBTo Cincinnati and ReturnSunday, sept. 27, 1914,$1 .50For tffe Round TripSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a. m., returning leaves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m.Natural Bridge,$t.50Sunday,, Sept.. 27TRAIN LEAVES 10 A. M.ESICKSUURSTOMACHLow- round trip . Summer Touristtickets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct. 31, with very liberalstop-over privileges. For further information call on or addressJ. K. SMITH, T. A.,or' " W. H. HAKRIS, Agt. -..msa!BmmsBBSmmKBfammmmmmmmmmmmmmm9mmmmm$PARIS GRAND OPERAHOUSE, THURS. OCT.LYMAN H. HOWE'STRAVEL FESTIVAL."A THRILL OF THRILLS"A New Ride on a Runaway TrainMORE THRILLSa Peath-Defying Descent to the Brink of theInner Crater ofVESUVIUSI To Gaze Upon Supreme Moments of Convulsive rvawre ana An Abyss of Molten Lava.FEARLESS CAVALRY MANEUVERSCROWDED WITH PERILOUS MOMENTSCLEVER -.COMIC - CARTOONSAND AMUSING ANTICS20 OTHER BIG NEW FEATURESAdvance Seat Fale Begins Monday, September 28, 1914, at BoxOffice of Alamo Theatre.SCALE OF PRICES:LOWER FLOOR ' - SO CENTS.BALCONY - - 33 CENTS;GALLERY - - 25 CENTS.- One Performance Only, BeginningPromptly At S: 1 5 P. M."SECURE YOUR SEHTS IN ADVANCE."I No Advance in Prices 1FelcPs Shoe StoreHaving placed our Shoe Orders with the various factoriesfor our fail and winter Shoeseariy last spring we are nowoffering new arrivals at oldold prices. Remember Feld'sis the store for quality, styleand comfort. Try us now ifyou havent before.-LFcld's Shoe Store. !a tKINDLYTwin Bios. Dspanmeni Stoie,Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, KyFOR RENT.Cottage on Nineteenth street,with 4 rooms and bath. Electric"6" "" "wuoiu vuuYCiiicuvjico.ADAMI & SANTI.?k-?iATmGreatVBargainSaleNow -GoingOn!Greater Bargains than youhave ever before heard of inParis. 'CALL ATMare For Sale.Non-resident owner will sell perfectly gentle family- driving mare,chestnut, by King Squirrel, first dambySumpter Denmark, for highestJ-cash offer received by September 24.xuviuua a.i uuaxuumuD DLauicJ (15-3t)'i . . . r.i , -. , n ' ' x . - -. . ,:h, " : "-i v ,-Jr &"kj1HE SOURBON Nt-WS, PAWS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER Jl 114MKentucky man Cells Bow mayr ;Stomach Remedy Restored WifeMrs. W. H. Clarke Is Relieved AfterYears of DigestiveDisorders.!Mrs. W. H. Glarks, of Central City,Kr., for many years suffered -fromdisorders of the stomach. She triediLany treatments with little encouragement. Mr. Clarks induced her to try Mayr'sWonderful Stomach Remedy. Shegzt results right away. The he-wrote:"The medicine has done my wife auorld of good, and I feel that it willcbre her. I intend to keep on untiliJic is completely cured, as you haveteen doing her more good than anyjne has ever done her, and she hasteen suffering with her stomach for-vears. I am Slad I was told of thejemdy."Letters like that are written hyusers of Mayr's Wonderful StomachRemedy in all parts of the. country.It proves is merit with the first doseno long treatment.Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedyclears the digestive tract of mucoidaccretions and removes poisonousmatter. It brings swift relief to sufferers from ailments of the stomach,liver and bowels. Many declare thatit has -saved them from dangerous operations and many are sure it has saved their lives.Because of the remarkable successof this remedy there are many imitators, so be cautious. Be sure it'sMAYR'S. Go to G. S. Varden & Son,drug store and ask about the wonderful results it has been accomplishingor send to Geo. H. Mayr, Mfg.,Chemist, 154-156 Whiting St., Chicago,111., for free book on stomach ailmentsand many grateful letters from peoplewho have been restored. Any druggist can tell you its wonderful effects.(No. 3-F)ADDITIONAL WAR"NEWS.fr-HfrfrfrI"I'fr'I"I"I"I'fl"I'frThe Uiggin Manufacturing Co.Window and Door Equipments.T. A. HENDRICKS, Sales Agent,Lexington, Ky.The Higgin All-Metal Weather Strips for Windows and Doorsare a real economy because they reduce the fuel bill, keep outthe dust, soot and rain.They stop absolutely the air currents coming around the Sashand make the room more comfortable.. .They are durable and apermanent addition to the window.Estimates wi'il be cheerfully furnished without charge and without obligation to buy.Better let up Strip your house and make it more comfortablenext winter and at same time cut down that fuel bill.We have furnished screens for hundreds of Satisfied Bourbonfamilies. We refer you to the following families in Paris, whohave used our Aft-Metal Weather Strips and are pleased: Woodford Spears, W. W. Mitchell, W. R. Blakemore, A. J. Winters,Thos McDonald, Geo. W. Wilder, Ed. Tucker, R. C. Talbott andothers too numerous to mention.I T. A. HENDRICKS4SALES264 RAND AVENUE.AGENT,LEXINGTON, KY.Teleph one, 2585.,;Mi..i.j.tjl.i..il.i,.i,,i,.i,.i,.il.i.i..i..iMiMi,.iMiMi..iMiMiMi,4...i.4.4.4..i..4.4.4.4,.iM....i..;Mi..4..mmm:I::WALTER MARTINERNEST MARTINNEW LIVERY STABLE!New Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.Horses Boarded a By Day, Week or Month!Hauling of Every Description Done. Transfer Busi-nessf a Specialty.Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streetplace will be run t)y Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROiSTStables Eigth St, Main 'St.I'Both Phones7fammoth CaveTICKETS WILL BE SOLD FOH REGULAR MORNINGTRAINSSeptember 29th.Special Low Rite For Select and Private Parties To Goand Return on Regular Trains.Round Trip Fare $5.65.STATUS-01 THE WAR.WASHINGTON D. C., Sept. 22.Another day has gone, and neitherone side or the other, Germany nortihe allies, lay claim to ny decisiveoutcome in the battle of the Aisne,where the supreme conflict ci' thewar, up to the present time, haslong been raging.The -engagement, taken as awhole, along its entire line, seemsto be partaking of the nature of asiegei. Both sides continue to holda majority of their strongly entrenched positions. The Germanlines, for one hundred miles, aredescribed as virtually a continuationof forts and heavy entrenchments.The artillery fire exchanges go onday and night, and under theircover are sorties of infantry. Counter attack follows attack and occasionally one side or the other gainsground. It would appear to-daythat noting but a successful flanking movement could have any "serious effect on either army. Butneither front has been broken, andneithejr side has been outflanked.Rheims appears to be the centerof the most persistent fighting. Itis between the lines of battle andthe city has suffered heavily. TheGermans are described as most anxious to recapture this position.The French official announcementissued at Paris this afternoon aversthat incessant German attacks delivered yesterday, September 21, havebeen unsuccessful, and that the Germans have been compelled to retireat more than one point. The Frenchtook many German prisoners.The latest official communicationfrom Berlin issued Monday nightsays the Germans have captured thehill positions at Caronne and occupy the village of Betheny, threemiles outside of Rheims to thenorth. This announcement describesthe Germans also as attacking thestrong forts south of Verdun.The millinery expert of the London Times gives postiton to theFrench forces on the left which, ifcoifrecty shows a remarkable adivance along the flank of the German right wing, under command ' ofGen. Von Kluck.don."-SoWi'iAmmunltlbit.' 'In the United Stateaarmr tti Infantry goes to battle -with 100 rounderof ammunition on him and, 120 roundsper man in two bandoliers in wagonsnot far behind him. The German soldier carries 120 rounds', the French120, the Austrian 120, the British soldier 100, the Russian 120, the Italian162, the Japanese 150 and the Swiss120. In battalion and company cartsnear at hand the ammunition, a'ddedto that carried by the men brings thesupply of cartridges up to an average of about 300 per rifle.HOMETELEPHONE NOTES.LOW RATES AT THE CAWE Board at the Cave Hote1from arrival for supper until after breakfast, morning ofthe third day, including the two trips in the cave, lightsand guide fees for 6.50.An All-Expense Three-Days ToMf For$12.15 From Paris.PHONE OR SEE L. & N. AGENTRepresentatives of the CumberlandTelephone Company have been engaged in Paris circulating a petition among its telephone subscribersin which it asks to be allowed to increase its telephone rates on businessand residence telephones in Paris.Representatives of the Companyclaim to be holding out the inducement to subscribers- that better service will be given them if the ratesare increased, as it will enable theCompany to install a new ".centralenergy system" in Paris.According to a statement made byan official of the Company no effortwill be made to have one telephonesystem in Paris, as the U. S. Government wiU not permit the CumberlandCompany to absorb a competing line.The merchants in Paris, or a considerable proportion of them, at least,are of the opinion that the Cumberland Company is charging full highfor its service in Paris, ,and that itshould be required to install up-to-dateappliances for the subscribersand give good service at the presentrate.The Home Telephone Company inParis is giving satisfactory service toits subscribers at a less rate perphone than is charged by the Cumberland Company, and the HomeCompany already has in operation inParis the "central energy system."It might be well to recall conditions as they were and as they are atpresent in Carlisle and NicholasCounty, that Parisians may be fullyinformed on telephone conditions inother counties.A few years ago the CumberlandTelephone Company had all of thetelephone business in Carlisle andNicholas County. The charges were2.75 per month for the businessphone and $1.65 for the residencephones. 'The Home Telephone Company entered the field and equipped an up-to-date"central energy system" inCarlisle at a reduced rate per phone,and to-day, it is said, the Home Telephone has in excess of 700 telephonesubscribers in Carlisle and Nicholas,County, while the Cumberland Tele-'phone Company, has, it is alleged,about fifty-five subscribers.-If the Cumberland Telephone Company persists in its efforts to increasethe telephone rates in Paris, will ithave an experience that will be asdisastrous as its venture in Carlisleand Nicholas County?(19Sept-lt)Splendid MedicineJ Stomach TroubleHost's Bad Break.High society has its crude personalities, if a story in one of the magazinesis true. At a dinner given to thefamous pianist, Liszt, his host, CountLudolf, right in the middle of Liszt'smost exquisite playing, "said in a loudvoice, 'If anyone wishes to have agame of whist, there are tables in theother room.' " Liszt, says the narrator,stopped short, but as no one moved heconsented amiably to remain at thepiano. The amount of wine that hadbeen consumed by Liszt's host on thisoccasion is not stated.The Hypocrite.The divine punishment of hypocrisyIs fatigue. Those, tin Shakespeare'sfine simile, whose hearts are all asfalse as stairs of sand, must reallyhave much of that exhausted sensation that comes of walking throughsand when it is loose and deep. Thehypocrite is that unluckiest of actorswho is never out of a job. G. K. Chesterton, iHad Right to Remain Aloof."The Declaration of Independencestates that 'all men are born free andequal, I believe." "Something of thesort." "Then why do you hold yourself so' aloof?" "My dear man, I'mdescended from one of its signers."A Thing Woman Is Spared.One deep, sorrow which no woman,at least none that we know personally, experiences is losing the pipewhich she has smoked for four or fiveyears almost without stopping. OhioState Journal.A New York theatrical man with an income of $25,000 "a year went to Wall Street with $20,000 and trippled it.His head was turned in a few months theatres closed Tn -comeceased and Wall Street had finished his spare change- "The EXTRAVAGANGE his -family had been used to soon .drove him to the extremity of mortgaging property and sac-vrificing pet securities. Today he is BROKE. 'Make OUR bank YOUR bank,We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES DANKCAPITAL... ...$150,000.00SURPLUS 50,000.00STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY.... 150,000.00Protection to Depositors $3S0,000.0ft? .S. E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, CashfefMan's Hardest Duty.A man's-best desires 'are always theindex and measure of his possibilities;and the most difficult duty that a man4 ponahlo rtf rnrttr a V10 Hntir flint Iabove' all he should do.-Charles . H. hem to the point where they couldBrentKind-Hearted Superintendent.The superintendent of a manufacturing plant in the United States delayed the sale of a set of iron coils formore than a month, while a robinwhich had a nest of young there raisedtake care of themselves.He Sold It. Relative Value of Sexes.Have you found a customer for ' In Alabama a -woman's life is ratedyour gramophone yet?" "Oh, yes I at just half the value of a man's,played it for 12 hours on end, and all . Forty pounds is the blood tax for thethe neighbors clubbed together- and , man and twenty pounds for the worn-bought it from me." j an.True Enough.Retailer (of Nodd. lengths of taW-ollcloth) "Only one-and-six, laJJsaand gentlemen why the kins; otHingland ain't got a better bit of oQ-cloth on 'is dinin'-room table." 1don Opinion.Would Cause Colleagues to Smile"That's a smart thing I've do,'said the doctor to his assistawt"What's that doctor?" "I have put Mrsignature in the column which is headed 'cause of death' in this death certificate."iPALL OPENINGOF GAS AND COALI Suffered for Several YeanPeruna Restored My HealthMrs. ElizabethEeuth'er, No. 505Twelfth St., N. "W..Washington, D. C,writes: "I ampleased to endorsePeruna as a splendid medicine forcatarrh and stomach trouble, fromwhich I sufferedfor several years.I took it for several months andat the end of thattime found my healthwas restored and havefelt sdendidly eversince. I now take li when I contracta cold and it soon rids the system ofany catarrhal tendencies.Over Ten Years Ago.1 would not be without Perdna.'Although it was over ten years agothat I first gave you my testimonial, Iam of the same opinion as when Iwrote it, and give you the-privilege touse it as you see fit I still use Penina. when I think 'i necsssary. I amF" """"""SHE1bBk " IBBSS' f T$S .. 'ySBpfife - .' &5jxBcS''" 'r 'HEATING STOYESAt A Big Reduction.Let Us Show You How You Can Heat the Home With ButLittle Cost. Our Stoves Must Prove To Be What We.Say, or Your Money Back.The New ProcessIIjisSsPlIBsB9sVjrHIv;Gas StoveLeads Them All.We are also offering a great reduction in pricesand many are taking advantage of these prices whilethey have a chance.Ask to see the No, 79 for the family room. Thatis the one, .Now $7.00.Others $3.00 Up to $30.00.-GET THE LEADERFOR THE BATH ROOM.IT WIULCOST YOU$5.00and it must do the work or your money will be Returnedto you.' X'3 ,A. F. Wheeler Furniture Go.Main, Street.CHAS. GREEN, Manager.Op. Court HottsivjVsi,-'-' j?recommending it to my neighbors..,. ' i T:'Lm. - "fit' -ik 'ifl? x 9 ' ' iM i BIPPPapa Did, a Good Jab.Wl&ie had been naughty ana ha wassittsag out his punishment on theporch step. A neighbor passed andsweetly said:, "Why, T7illie, how-tanned' you are?" "Yes'm," aaswered- .Willie rubbing the injured part, "daddydid it"Postcard HintSave your picture postcards andwhen preparing them to send to hospitals and orphan asylums paste twotogether, back to back, thus concealingthe address and message, and also giving the sick babies two pictures to lookat instead of one..The More Important Thing.A big physician says it will soon bepossible to control the sex of the child.Can't some doctor tell us the more important thing how to control the actions of a child? Cleveland PlainDealer.To Remedy a Leaking Pen.If one is troubled with a leaky fountain pen the application of a littlesoap to the threads of the screw willwork magic. If the pen is emptied,thoroughly cleaned, filled and the soapapplied there wttl be no more troubleuntil the pen needs filling again.His Surmise,'suppose you're your mama's darkling," said a sentimental caller toyoung Hichard. "I suppose she thinks3Ku're a dear "little saint." "'No, Iguess she thinks I'm a moving picture. She's always telling me I shouldbe -seen and not heard."Up-to-Date Storekeeper.Selling delicatessen a prosaic occupation, fit only for fat men of Teutonicextraction? Nonsense! Not while thebusiness or art or profession containsmen like the New York storekeeperwho has put over his place a big signrea'ding "Culinary Art Specialties."Uses of Kangaroos.In Australia kangaroo farming is animportant industry. . The hides arevaluable, and the tendons extremelyfine; indeed, they are the best knownto surgeons for sewing up wounds, andespecially for holding broken bonestogether, being much finer and tougher than catgutThe Modern Idea.Chappy ''Would you marry a woman who had sued another man -forbreach of promise?" Sappy "Itwould depend largely on how muchthe jury had awarded her." Club Fellow.h:-"Vir Immensity of Siberia.Siberia contains one-ninth of all theland on the globe. Great Britain andall Europe, "except Russia, togetherwith, the whole of the United States,:ould be put into Sibera.Mm LIE OFVery Latest StylesOur big purchases of Shoes for this season, from the leading shoemanufacturers of this country before the present European War, whichcaused, a big advance in leather, will enable us to offer to our customersthe best made Shoes for men, women and childrenAt Prices Lower Than Ever!Ladies' Mat Top, Patent Kid or PlatinumCalf, Louis Heel, long or medium vamps,-'of the best quality and latest styles,at $3.49 and $2.99Ladies' Cloth Top Patent Kid or GunMetal, French heel, silk lining, benchmade, at m $3.4-9 andLadies' Kid Shoes, medium or low heel,easy, noiseless Eestshu, most comforta-xble, atLadies' Gun Metal or Patent Kid, buttonor lace, Cuban heel, custom made, atLadies' Gun Metal and Patent Leather,Cuban and low heel, . good quality,at $1.99 andLadies' Pumps and Oxfords in all styleshalf the original value.Boy's Shoes in all leathers and styles, best makes, $2.49, $1Misses9 and Children's Best Grade Shoes at your own priceLadies' Pumps and Oxfords, broken sizes, 2 1 -2 to 3 1 -2, atfor Saturday only. .I;3D.A.TWnere BeautvTfflSBTSf' JA wall edvoited parson wko hasbeen at high school and a universityuses, from 3,000 to 4;000 wordsbutthe average individual can get alongwith 1,000. Shakespeare made use of15,000, and in Milton's works 8,000 areused. By actual count the HebrewTestament says all that it has to saywith 5,642 words. Popular Magazine.Accepted;"You're a mighty poor talker, especially to the girls. How did you raisethe nerve to propose to Miss Sweet?""Oh, I didn't say much of anything toher. I handed her a solitaire-ring' andshe slipped it on her left forefingerand said: 'All right; it fits!' "Various Parts of Life.Life, no doubt, is paved with enjoyments, but we must all expect tinies ofanxiety, of suffering and of sorrow;and when these come it is an inestimable comfort to have some deep interest which will, at any rate to someextent enable us to escape from ourselves. Sir John Lubbock.Money in Kangaroo Raising.In Australia kangaroo farming is animportant industry. The hides arevaluable, and the tendons are the bestknown to surgeons for sewing upwounds, and especially for holdingbroken bones together, being muchfiner and tougher than catgut.Names, Please.There is nothing lovelier and sweeter than an old lady willing to admither years, and nothing more ridiculous and pathetic than one who entertains the delusion that clothes ' andpuffs and powder can shoo the yearsaway. Toledo Blade.For China Stand. - -When one has a china umbrellastand it is a wise plan to place asponge in the bottom of the jar tokeep it from being cracked or broken.The sponge not only prevents it frombeing broken, but also absorbs thewater which drips from the umbrella.The Pinch."Yes, I don't so much mind 'im givin me the sack. That's all right. But'e was a dirty outsider to send a letter to the paper advertisin' for a boya boy, mark you to take my place!"London Opinion.Foolish Clerk.First She "The clerk at the postoffice said the letter was overweightand I would have to put another stampon it Wasn't he silly?" Second She"Why, dear?" First She "Wouldn'tanother stamp make it still heavier?"Only the "Wets"vote Saturday. If youare "Dry55 be sureand vote Monday.FmhAPinn All ha NvtJ4v&-f I AAhor& .artH.2.992.992.f91.49ab one-1STandi in m iirttm vmmmmm&mmMbm, - ii t t iNo Happfitat In Idlenw. -Idleness is one of tha greatest" enemies of character. As some one'' hassaid, "The-devil tempts other 'men, butidle men tempt the' devil." Do s notenvy the idle man, whomever'you mayenvy. You may have too much to do,and too many things to think aboutstill, do not envy the man who has notenough to think about, and has to fallback upon himself. The passions ofhuman nature break loose in idle men,and wander over forbidden placesseeking what they can devour. Dr.James Stalker.The Change."It -used to be," declared old BrotherBombershay, "dat when Brudder Mauley and his wife was uh-squabblin' deyhad it up and down like a see-saw,sometimes one of 'em gittin' de bestof it and den de yudder. Eut now, blessgoodness, dey dess goes- 'round and'round like a merry-go-round, and nobody kin prognosticate which is ahead.Puck.Relations."What is your opinion of our foreignrelations?" asked the patriotic citizen. "They don't do you any good,"replied the local politician. "Whatyou want is a lot of relations righthere in your own country "that'll votethe way you tell 'em to."She is NotvYet Extinct.What has become of the old-fashionedmother who thought that hersmall son was destined to become agreat musician because he could geta tune out of a- mouth organ? Exchange. What's Yours is Mine."I consider that whatever belongs tomy husband belongs to me." A" woman witness in a Jersey City triaLy?.Thegeneral feminine view and in practicethe usual condition. New YorkWorld.Not Altogether Unselfish.Husband (newly married) "Don'tyou think, love, if I smoke it wouldspoil the curtains?" Wife "Ah! youare really the most unselfish andthoughtful husband in the world; certainly it would." Hdsband "Well,then, take the curtains down.".Robins in Profusion.Apparently the most abundant birdin the United States east of the Mississippi river is the robin, with anaverage of about fifty pairs to thesquare mile, or a hundred million robins in the eastern United StateB.Try This.Sponger (meeting acquaintance)"Do you know, old man, I really believe I'm losing my, nerve? Tin getting so I hate to ask any one for aloan. As soon as I saw you I beganto tremble." Boston Times.FALL FDOMen's Russ. or Platinum Calf Bal., English Last, of the famous Walk-Overmake, a better quality and style than .the highest priced shoes of ny othermake, at. .-.$5.00 and $4.50Men's Russ. or Platinum Calf, WalkOver and Beacon makes, all "styles andshapes, at . $4.00 and 3.50Men's Tan or Gun Metal, bench made,all lasts, good quality, at 2.99Men's Gun Metal, button and lace,at $ 1 .99 and 1 .49Men's Heavy and Men's heavy and MediumWeight Shoes, best flexible soles at pwest prices.Men's Oxfords in all leathers and styles at onehalf the original price. - ..CO 3rl 33 3ST 'Shoe StoreiBUCCEWOK8 TO DR. MATTHEW-" & v- We beg'to adriae yw thafjwe Miayetaken qver-from Dr. Clara B. JMatthewg,her entire stock of optical prescriptions. This places us in a position to replace your broken lenses to the correct STRENGTH, SHAPE andCURVE. "-Our prices you will find to be aslow as the lowest and our work, thatfurnished by the b'est" house of itskind in the country.We most earnestly solicit yourbusiness for replacing your brokenlenses or furnishing new lenses asper the precscription for your glasseswhich we now hold.We guarantee you prompt andefficient work, andbest of all, quickservice from' the factory.Thanking you in advance for anyfavors shown us in this line, we begto remain,Very truly yours,SHIRE & FITHIAN.When a Lie Is Not a Lie.When the 'hired girl says her mistress is hot at home, while said mistress Is upstairs with a novel; whenyour lady friend says she is not abit hungry and forthwith consumes $6worth of food and drink;' when yousay to a panhandling .friend, "Sorry,old top, but I haven't a cent about me,"and there is a large, yellow $20 billin your vest pocket. These are notlies; they are efforts to spare people's feelings; tney are triumphs ofaltruism over the brutality of conscience. Exchange. v' '- , "What He Did."After earning a certain amount,"propounded Mr. Birchrod, the teacher,"I spent two-thirds of it and lost fivesixths of the balance, winding upwith $3: What did I have?" "Abouteight drinks, I judge," answered theboy at the footof the class. Louisville Courier-Journal.Neatly Headed Off."Do you not propose to marry?"asked Miss Flitters of young Mr. Bainbridge. "Well, I haven't proposedyet," replied he, in a tone which forbade a further prosecution of inquiries. PuckObstacles Everywhere.Life is like walking along a crowded street; there always seem to befewer obstacles to getting along on theopposite pavement; and yet if one.crosses over 'matters are rarely mended. Thomas Huxley.NOTICE.City tax lists for theyear 1914 are now inmy hands for collection at my office atthe Deposit and Peoples Bank.C. K. THOMAS,tf City Collector.-frif.99 and$1.49.' '::25 and 50 cents,cBSIM 1 m I IB IIKSMII Iws' r -- - "- '-" " ' " ,m 'Rails: GrandOne Performance On y, Beginning Promptly at 8:1 5 iTHURSDAY, O C T O B E R 1 StUlSj, NEW, RIDE ON A'S RUNAWAY20 miGr NEW FEATURESAdvance Seat Sale Begins Monday, September 28, atBox Office of Alamo Theatre, ,SCALE OP PRICCS-Lower Floor 50 cents; Balcony35 cents; Gallery 25 cents.- Secure your serts in advance.LCOLUMBIA THEATER TODAY."KATE WATERS OF THESECRET SERVICE."JKate Waters, of the Unitel StatesSecret Service, makes a surprisingsolution of a murder mystery at anarmf post. Incilentaly, she forcesjustice where it beongs anl gets herself mixed up in a pretty romanceTwo other pictures of exceptionally good subject will be shown alsoVenice the City of the Seafamous the world over for its poeticand haunting beauty, constitutes oneof the big features to be presentedby Lyman H. Howe at the ParisGrand Opera House on Thursday,October 1, 1914. Throned on herhundred isles, it resembles no othercity on earth, not merely becauseof the perpetual pageant of gracefulgondolas gliding through its liquidavenues, but there is something sodistinctive in its architecture thatmust be seen to be appreciated.Here are architctural jewels unsurpassed anywhere else even in Italy.At every turn there is a blending ofthe poetical and picturesque. Thetranscendent beauty of the city isrivalled only by the glory of its historyromantic and tragic. After viewing Venice by dayngnt, the scenes.change to the hour of sunset,- whenthe sun, like a cunning necromancerrobes the city in beauty that is imperial and dazzling. Finally theychange again to Venice by moonlight.The color transformations from thegolden glow or sunset to the en-,chanting emerald of moonlight in thisparadise of pleasure may well thrill20 BICNEW FEATURES -heart and mind. The glide alongthese curving promenades of ripplingwater lined with, palaces, massivecolumns, marble balconies ,and sculptured arches all under the spell ofopalescent twilight, then under theshimmering rays- of moonlight, is tosee the Bride of the Sea as a Queeni of the Night robed in all her regalsplendor. The softness and brillianceof it all- 'is overpowering. As theshadows of twilight fall and the hush Jof night steals ov(er the scene, thecars oflife .seem to vanish in thewest with the God of Day. In therefill iron f Ucrhf ho nitxr caama litre a )beautiful mirage, enthroned betweentwo seas the ocean and the skynow golden at sunset, then silveryby moonlight. And with the vista ofthe stately palaces and St. Marks inthe distance paneled by the mystialight, and gondola silently floatingpast in the foreground like barges ofgold and silver, the wizardry of thepicture becomes complete a triumphant symphony of earth, sea andarchitecture, chrystallized in stoneand glorified by the setting sun un-THEATRGAHW. NEW RIDE ON ABL RUNAWAYtPHHBWaSWsC ETA USmmidaz. rOpera HouseHis One Rival."One or the other of us," mutteredtha young man who awaited his beloved In the front parlor, "is going tobe turned down tonight!" And ha'glanced ferociously at the solitary parlor lamp glowing near the piano.Never Tried It."Oh, Mildred," cried one young lady,meeting a school friend of some twosummers, past, "I've heard the greatestpiece of news. Can you keep a secret?""I don't know," said the friend. "Inever tried it. What is it?"Hard for a Man to Believe.Mrs. Cutler of Vancouver provedby the registration of a pedometerthat she had covered 400 miles in amonth in walking about her kitchenand living rooms while performing herhousehold duties.Paint Cleaning.The best way to clean white paintIs to take a soft flannel cloth, dip itIn warm water, wring out. and thendip it in a saucer of clean bran. TheY friction of the bran will remove anystain without injuring the paint.Treatment of Cuts.A finger cut with a clean knife need3only to be washed with soap and water before dressing. A wound madawith an unclean instrument ought tohave a cleansing that will be destruotive to germs.Ha'd Some Results." "What do you think, of her voicesmce it has been trained?" "Well,"smiled Brown, "I can't say that it isany better than it was, but there iscertainty -a, whole lot more of it"Rthoboth Sunday Herald.To Save an Egg.When eggs are broken and cannotbe, used at once, they will keep, suchbetter if the shells are removed and aquarter of a teaspoonful of salt isbeaten in for each egg.Had to "Match" the Lamp.X sudden storm being imminent thamother of a bright little maid found itnecessary to light the lamp. "Justthink, papa," the child reported atevening. 'It was so dark today thatmamma had to match, the lamp."The Uncomfortable Kind.The Philadelphia minister who saysplenty of $10,000 jobs are vacantdoesn't alarm us. There are too many$1 and $2 a day jobs vacant to makethe candidates comfortable. HoustonPost.Belief Does Some Good.Some folk3 live an' die' in de beliefdat dar's-gold at de end of de rainbow,an' runnin' ler git it gives 'em deexercise dat keeps '-em alive. AtlantaConstitution.Always.Civilization has always had-"moreor less trouble with, the man whosepatriotism is slightly subordinate tohis pocketbook.SAVE YOUR COAL BILLS."When you get ready to lay in yourwinter coal we can save vou money.- - - . : . Mi til veiled by, matchlessana magiai ; iftionea 331.v 1K-ffV ij !i i -- ' .j Lmoon light; ra-tt);J. H. BATTslRTON.,f.'tv&ajmmammm'mmmmmmimmimmBmmmmmmmmmmBWWmmmBmwmmmmBm- A 7 ' t.:. y ' ; -, jfyr; fr '..:,., j:, . -,.,.;,sm$f$f cvrvfsssssswifc . '::yA;